 WIB Mke manner'»coreri 'come' to'the'Coffee1091. J224.1<T12.lf-12|, 1873, 1363,miemtimmmitARRIVAL OF THE AXXANTjfc.the poorest class, means have to be found to feed them. Theltf^cipality of the island being almost without resources, M. Farini has sent a Commissary to giveask me out 01 my office to some retired corner, where tQ"By 0 « Atlexitk, from Havreand Cowes on the 5thdown the proudest heart, always urging me not to tell heCommitteeirjamount, ond will have iK).rtrop< noThe District-Attorney >ved on tbe trial of Ere<l-ericklRchacht for the murder, n th«j first dewoe) of Michael9, 5*)9. 1063, 1011, 961, 657; 618, 349, 765, 687, 391j 721. Part II.—Adjourned to Monday for want of proper ao5ommodali/>n%».ENGtAM). ••0Empress w e r e : "Henry Driver, esq. (Mayor), Lady Grey, Lady Bruce, Col. Dalrymple (of the Scots Fusi- lier Guards, in garrison here), Lord Charles Fitzroy, Capt. Du Plat, the Rev. the Vicar of Windsor; Mr. BE. Stevens, Capt. Layard, Mr. Matthews, and the follow- ing magistrates of the borough: Messrs. Blunt, Harris, UoWernewi, and Hanson.T h e Empress, as she left the station, and along the -whole line of route to the Castle, was loudly cheered, and daring her stay the bells of St. John's Church sentJbrth merry peals.The Empress, after luncheon, took leave of theOueen and the royal faintly, and after leaving the Cas- t t e paid a visit to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, at Progmore Lodge, accompanied by the Prince Consort.At 3:10 the Empress arrived at the station, and patoed through the Queen's waiting-room to the state •carriage, leaning on the arm of the Prince Consort.Here the prince took leave of the Empress.. Her Majesty appeared in good health, but not so in spirit*, and with an amiable, though somewhat pensiveanalysis of the tragedy of Othello this evening at Hope Chapel.ii.Wide-Awakes comes off to-night, at Irving Hall, cor- ner of Fifteenth street and Irving place. The mem- bers of tliis Association did yeomens' service in the late campaign, and their friends should unite in making the festival to-night a decided success.FOR EuRorE.—Among the passengers oy the RoyalBritish Mail steamer Asia, which sailed yesterday forLiverpool, is Mr. Charles H. Todd, who goeB out tonegotiate the the terms of contract recently awardedPlymouth Church, Brooklyn, this evening.a national subscription for Garibaldi. The Committee *»y: " I t is not to confer honor on Garibaldi that we address ourselves to the Italians, but.ihat history mayaaot one day accuse his cotempontries of ingratitude.FRANCE. ".- »P ARIS, Saturday Morning.—The MtmiUur publishes the supplementary convention between France and 3Bnglana on the loth November:P ARIS, Saturday Evening, Dec. 1.—The Pay* says: ^Ehe stay of King Victor Emanuel in Sicily will be"of jshort duration.Col. Delagrange, with 7,000 Sardinians, occupied the defiles of Mount Vellino, a position of importance. Several guerrilla companies were being organized. T h e Piedtnontese were forming flying columns, in or- itor to act energetically at thej o i n t s menaced.PARIS, Monday, Dec. 3.—The Moniteur publishes the report of M. Haussmann, Prefect of the Depart- ment of the Seine, on the budget of the City of Paris. -He discusses the question of the octroi, and concludes Jby expressing an opinion against its abolition. The rays denies that any negotiations have been enteredinto for the cession of Venetia, and says:44 We believe we can affirm that such a question hassoever been mooted in the councils of any Power, -without exception."There was a fall of If. the sack on flour in the Paris market last week. TueTe is not much - business doing in that market at present, the bakers being slow-inferrying, and the millers equally slow in delivering -flour.There were large quantities of wheat offered at the ^Paris market hist week, and, in order to client sales, ikrmer* were compelled to accept a reduction of If. the aack of 120 kilos.The price ef wheat at Marseilles remains firm. There is no change to be remarked in the price of wine Ithing like a tnn of specimens from this district have The excitement at the College seemed to have sub-been assayed, yielding from $1,500 to $6,000 per tun. sided, but Southern students alleged, in private con-One specimen, doubtless from a pocket in tho lead, versation, that the statements read: at the meeting of pumping her out. When floated she will be taken to assayed at the rate of nearly $1,500 gold and silverper tun'.in Paris.^The captain made an effort, by climbing one of theOf Ou> there have been ^ales of 200 bbls. I'alm at Mc.: 5,500 • Revolved, That we welcome to the arena of t'eaa discussion the masts, to escape drowning;. but unfortunately while decision in this cave, the following explanation is given by the hhds. Molasses at 40s.; 3,000 bush. Cora at lid.* bullion li.oi.iu - ot t4SWITZERLAND,~alls. Crude Sperxn at $1 50;. 1,200 ca-se.s Olive at *M B5; and 1,<*)0 gulls. Lard at ifc 1 50.Rev. Mr. Van Dyck, of Brooklyn, and earnestly hope he may bo followed tliither by the truly wise and reverend men who are well able and well disposed.to defend the Bible from the slanderthus engaged, becoming benumbed by the extremecold, he lost his hand-hold, and fell to the deck andIn order to nnderstand the '.effect of the Surrogate's counsel for the contestants:bags; 50 tcs. Beef .at —s.; 30 tuns Asphaltum at 35* Per steamer, 100 boxes Bacon, and 100 bbls. Lard a! 55s., and 100 firkins Butter at 05a. To Ijondon: \J,00tmist**.' Theprine.pl :"BKRNK, Dee. 3.—To-day, at 10a. m., (he first sitting quiet and sales small at IfOc. Foreign itice hardening, and sup-«rf the new National Council was opened by a long plies contracting. Raw Sugar* quiet; the news from CHiiua issank with the vessel. Mr. Melvin was more fortunate, erty- which Mrs. Clou sought to dispose of by the will called thoas he ascended the foremast, and remained at the mast- HallwuLi-* intensified axiii i while it is either dt*\tfvtt'-tn. cannot ckv» ifinally stoppin^thc ^ i m»nts at the wtmetroubles e'f the p:-Hp ;'?e,. and distr -t <•ingingtoobi\H<ioi t en. This,.pnicL* *\ ifce collection of del rio<l of time entity -y t-tlect waseleetr.. — a-.d n< body wan • 4AJtates; and Mr. Hermann wan elected Vice-President.ITALY.THE SIEGE OF GAETA.to complete cargoes, are selling at $155® #160. Receipts are same period, 77.3:u. Arrivals last month, 395. Re- where they were enabled to effect a landing. They sion, passes,tober, heirs ot law. light,andsuppliesatlandingsaroundtheBaywithheld,intho ceipts,*2ol,10987.'..Disbursements,$'354,136.Balance,. thenwalkedacrossthecountry,midwereferried "ThereisalargepropertyatNew-Orleanswhichthisdeci- belief of advanced rates. Engagements for new cargoes are^rft across the Severn, reaching Annapolis previous toi tho sion .will not affect one wavor.the other, but which will be the present suspended. The Ocean Kxpress has been in several $6,973 87. The clerk stated that he had an applica-days without finding freight. The weather continues tine, which tion to the Board for an appropriation to repair the steamer Kent leaving that city.willhaveatendency.toadvance breadstuff's-. BVRI.KV is worth# 1 VlM^l 15. OATC are unchanged. MONKV is in better de-mand,.though still easy.A correspondent of La Presse writes as follow* fromthe Camp before Gaeta, under date of the 27tb of No- AFl'ECTISGTember:ACCOUNT TRESS INOF THE KANSAS.to be sold this Winter, it would hot be prudent to ex-pend any more money upon the buildings than would rence. Young Hopkins, it is supposed, was unsuccess-board a Spanish steamer. Our cautp was in a state of -emotion; but a few hours afterward it was ascertained that the King was still in his. palace, and that he was xo tiering from his chest, which has been affected for acme time.was about establishing.an Industrial School on the cor-ner of Bridge mid State streets, opposite Castle Gar-den, in which the, children not otherwise provided forwill he taught the rudiments of an English oducation, Broadway.—[Baltimore American^ 19th!The Cleveland and Toledo road earned the se week of December:DAIL YJ autheritiee have lodged them In the hospital Monte blart; every gale that sweepn acrom the prairie is full J S " Can be helped out of tbeir vice* by one who bo*>im-•W Dwiesaber, we have one day's later mail—the dates assistance to these unfortunate people, the unhappy Lcwion being of the 5th. The Atlantic experi- victims of a war to which they are no parties.or publish their case. Men who stand proudly, among public come forward and support it.BROOKLYN CITY COURT CALENDAR, Dec. 20.—Noefc>*• 58, 7, 10, 19, 62, 6, 63, 64, 65, 06, 57, 68, 63, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 7•5proof that the Hungarians are preparing for a rising.'' TURIN, Dec; l.—The Italian journals refute the ac- *nsrr OF THE EMPRESS OF THE FREJSCH cusations contained in the letter of Prince Murat in ref-movements are now merged into one. Truly,kc,S.C.POMEROY.TO THE QUEEN.Tbe Empress Eugenie arrived at 'Windsor on theafternoon of D e c 4, in one of the state carriages of tbe Great Western Railway, for the purpose of paying a riefc to her Majesty and the Prince Consort. In ac- •orfence with the wishes expressed by the Empressthat her visit should he considered strictly of a private character, the guard of honor was dispensed with, and «ven the time that her Majesty might be expected to arrive was announced to the officials about an hour «nly previons to her arrival, consequently a great «rowa at the station was avoided. The royal trainwas under the charge of the new superintendent, Mr. Xeily.The Prince Consort, accompanied by Lord CharlesEmpress arrived,'when the Prince'Consort' left theroyal waiting-room, and proceeded across the platform,and cordially shook hands with her as she left the car-zfeg*. Her Majesty took the Prince's arm, and passedthrough the saloon, and entered one of the royal ponycarriages, and proceeded -with the Prince to the Castle.T w o other carnages followed, with the ladies and gen-erence to the state of things at Naples.NAPLES, NOV. 29.—A commission, composed of Sar-CITY ITEMS. V;—-^—, —Cross-examined, by Air. James T. Brady—Witness was IS DISORDERL Y HOUSE.—The alleged disorderly house years of age: lived with his mother at No. 484 Pearl street at this11.000 Harlem 1st Mtg. B s . . 93 25 do.. 1,000Harlem2dMtg.Bd«.90200Mich.So.fcSTfid:RR»' tation*)arenom.-xExpress.in the Isle of Wight." this morning, leaving the following summary of PacificThe Times says: " H e r Majesty's contemplated ~m postponed, in consequence of the prevalence of feverthere were but feeble demonstrations on the bear side, specie from the CThe Army and Nary Gazette says: "The French newe.Government are actually building steam vessels at St. 21st and Fort Kearney 23d, arrived at San Frauciscoformer contractor, with sureties approved by the Con- Resolved, That the Republicans of this county reaffirm their on written points. A. Oakey Hall for the relator, H. H. Ander-was caniedup to 74^ on the call, and closed steady about this quotation. Erie, Harlem Preferred. Illinois Central, and Toledo, were also largely dealt in, and had an improving tendency during the session. The purchases of Erie, New-York Central and Illinois Cen- tral have been to'a considerable extent on foreign ac- count, on orders received by the Atlantic. Between"Cloud for the Imperial iJavy. They have just launched rfrom opposite the Park a screw dispatch-boat called the Argus. She was only commenced last May."unwavering adherence to the principles of the Chicago platform, troller, waited upon the Common Council for nearly a believiuf' mat any concessions made to threats and menaces year, to confirm his contract, only to find himself would be wqually destructive to the peace of the country and tbeson for the respondent.the .gigantic • armor-plated ship Warrior, the Lords of the Admiralty have discovered that she is not the description ot vessel that will combine stability with37,964; Breckinridge, 33,971; Bell, 9,113; Scattering, 170; Total, 119,807.THE UNIVERSITY. MEDICAL STUDENTS.—Yeetoi-day, Tinvulnerability. The' Lords have arrived at the fol-Jbr, but, after laying out so much money upon her, it -will be as well to see what can be made of 'her.'."The London, Time* says: " T h e Government has decided on dispatching another company of Royal Fn- g'neers to St. Helena, to assist in erecting additional rtifications, and repairing the defenses of that isl-and."I t is proposed to extend to Garibaldi the freedom oft h e City ot London.The Lord Mayor has appointed Thursday fortnight"ftw the presenfation of the freedom of the City of London to Lord Clyde and Sir James Outram.The Morning PoH says: " Armigemonts are in progress for the erection of an additional Bishopric in Kew South Wales, the seat of which -will probably oe atOoulbourn."A letter to The Ixnidon Daily News from Annecy aays: '•'We are informed that the woi-kn of the tuu- Tjel^ through Mount Cenis are suspended; some sayowing to want- of funds, while others assert that un- expected difficulties of execution are the cause."the ascendant. This debt amounts to between two of ohavings in Clinton avenue, near Flushing. The liquor-store riage between the parties, on the ground of cruel and inhuman Sout«»r k W ieruru. .. and three millions of dollars, which should have been quarrel with.the Faculty. By the Charleston steamer of Mary O'Reilly, corner of Flushing avenue and Graham street, treatment on the part of tho husband toward his wife.- was con- was generally linn, and at the Second Board the mar- "Wakerr.art; Dimon i Co)dinian and Sicilian officers, has been uppOinoed to ex-NEW-YORKTRIBUNE,THURSDA Y ,DECEMBERI860.dDAWCOURT Ofm*$2a:SO, ^, *t,**l *:l??f^;asAND 'i». •Justice BAW.'-of tidings of sorrow. Little, children ar« crying for rigors of the aclementt season. As they are chiefly of bread; strongmen, who look bold and defiant, willSUPBEMX COORT—SPECIAL TXRM.—NOS. 136, 143.--"-"--T^eBa-Misericortna, a* they- were exposed to all theOn the night of the 1st inst., the flume of tho Tuo- burg, S. C. Several others went by railroad, it waslumne Water Company was blown up with gunpowder, said., in the morning; and a few more talked of goingu^ed for that purpose, by some unknown enemies of before many days. The difficulty with many of those the Company. By this vandalism,/the Company sus-tains a heavy damage, while a large mining district who wished to go seemed to be tho impossibility ofEFFECT OF ALLEGED SUICIDE ON A POLIO' OK LIFE foreign advices and orders, and partly t<J INSURANCE. the specie arrivals, which last have had a good effectCecelia A. Howell oat. The .Knickerbocker Life Insurance Co.getting their tickets exchanged for Southern College tickets, and, what is more impqrtaut, a lack of ready funds. Apparently, the matter is now considered by the great body of the students as settled in favor of the Faculty.The Esmeralda Mining Company, with a capitalstock of $600,000, have organized to" open new silvermines in the Emeralda District, which lies southerly square, but the proceedings were private. No formal from Carson Valley, east of the Sierra Nevada, but be- organization was had,- iind nothing was done but talk-TIVAL has been in successful operation in the Rooms of \V. H.C-AifKY, esq , No. f76 Atlantic-st., opposite the Athonwurn ; andowing to the rain of last evening, it will he continued anotherplaintiff on a policv of insurance mode by defendant on the life of her husband. The husband had ljin life insured Julv VI. I8r>'>, ond paid the premium regularly until his death. Oct..19,1357, hethe day has had but little influence, but vague mmorlless Congress shm Jppal tender. The edwill be deprived of water two months, until a new flume can be constructed to conduct the water across a deep gulch into their ditch.David Scannell has been elected Chief Engineer of the San Francisco Fire Department.-dT h e Gazt-iia di Turino contains- the programme of lieved to be witbiu the border of California. Some- ing.The new steamship John. P . King, recently burnt, his death by-other than his own hand.Accounts from the Washoe Minesjcontinue favor- able. A new district, near Fort Churchill, has been diseovered, which promises well.Oregon news to-the 28th ult. has been received bysteamer, with the usual mining accounts, which, how-whom they had been imputed, and that letters to thisnote made by the defendants to the Ohio Life and Trust Coin-' pany, for sfc45&,:!*8 4H. Defendants claimed that the suit was notever, possess no striking interest-, only that a consider- again on Monday next. The matter will be knownMissouri 69, 69®69J; Canton Co. 13®15; CumberlandCoal Company, 7ft8; Pacific Mail Steamship Co.,80®81; New-York. Central Railroad, 74£©74;; EritNicholas Stino, master stevedore, to assist in lighten- Before Justice WIHTK.ing the ship-Noonday, then lying at the mouth of the J. L. Redfield agtz Wm.,J. Widdleton.-—Motion to 334®341; Reading Railroad, 3T>®3>i; MichiganCen-The official vote of Oregon was as follows: Total Draper. • vote, 14,761. Lincoln, 5,368; Breckinridge, 5,067;hundred" A steamer did, in fact,-leave Gaeta; but, instead me money constantly, and the only one who seems to meal will be furnished at noon every day to such asmaking (he increase the first two weeks about ?7,00 The earnings of the Galena and Chicago K;uit\\.afthe fallen King, it took away the members of the' realize that I have a load to carry that would " sink a need it. On Sunday the Bethel-flag will" be hoisted diplomatic corps, who. it seems, are tired of being shut and religious services held.for seamen and others who—Tbe dandy lickspittles of Boston, who, tried to curry favor with the leaders of the Domocracy lastthey can tell, me a tale of sorrow that would break nc.r'H salary onf;*>K1 TRIAR.SUPERIOR COURT—Part I.—Noe. 336J, T>7, 767. (fix CC9,The Broadw a «ent from the pr Jan. 2. Tbe M hn« declared a w able on and afreCanal i'und of tlproposals for iv1 i burnable Oct. J.est from 6 to 7 i thc26thofDeceDomestic E..< more the ratefca: delphiato1|H2 debtor city, bilm In Land Warrannelli's note of the 4th Novemher, in order to rectify the version of this note as given by some foreign papers.The Archbishop of Naples has left Rome, having been invited to return to Naples.HUNGARY,PESTH; NOV. 30.—Yesterday Count Carolyi, Oberge- span of tne Comitat of Pesth, convoked the principal inhabitants for a preliminary discussion of the ques- tion whether a political organization of the Comitat shall take place. After a warm debate, it was resolved that the inhabitants of the Comitate would not yield aIt was also resolved that all further steps should beUomitats, which is to assemble on the-lOth December. stein. Mr.'Cornelius Grrinnell is also a passenger. $15,000 for liquor selling, legally and illegally.BOMBA Y , Nov. 12.—Disturbances are imminent, On CLEANING THE STREETS.—By order of the Common PErtmLiCAN INDORSEMENT OF THE HON. JAMEStbe prisoner, with tbe boys, came into the store; they were fight- 50 ing and blows were exchanged on both sides; witness and prisoner were.overpowered jfthe latterthrowu on the floor, where the'do....105 1300 Chi., Burl, k Quin. KR. 61 SXOOWD «OARJ>.Tb»? propo«sb tr-.m ' « a d w i t h o u t r*-t?Ti:i>c>tional rat<^< thta'oc*- catom. On^pr c< rhunfyd n-(Riitb^ d'-p rat«.d. wbo«<»'c-TiitiC: proposal, ssflsceirrity : aextfAr-d, in.tw-dii:- • t nit. fihoaid tb« nrbp cf Cciixres*. or o? tbiAH proposals nn<i»T «n tbi: ontnldf " r" oj> Opf-iiH mid nwnrd*<i •bail's breadth of their rights and laws, and the wishes they expressed in 1848.mated that the fines imposed this year in the Court ofSessions for selling liciuor without license will amount Plea, not guilty.80 300OaIena k Cbic R .slO 67. Xheyears; the bids to be opened on the 29th inst. Con- passed the following'resolutions indorsing the course ofFORT KKARXEV, Tuesday, Dec. 18^1860. tractors would like to know whether this announce- the Representative in Congress from the Hd District: rors, kc, in the actions brouzht by the District-Attorney to re-,CaliforniaI*onym' •WIDE-AWAKE HOP.—The. grand hop of the City•'. • . mMiss E. Greenfield, otherwise the Blaclc Swan, will deceased kicked him; prisoner was badly beaten about, he head, 5,000 Tr."States Ks,'74,cotip. 90 100 Michigan Cen.xR.. ;*30 <?to compel the Controller to pay him * 1.6.% for nummonine ju- -rixit to Osborne, which was fixed for Thursday next, The POny Express, bound cast, passed at two o'clock ment is made in good faith, or is merely a blind, as on ' Resolved, That this Committee hereby tender its thanks to the cover penalties for violations of the Metropolitan Police law, bylast evening.The Secretary of State, on the 3d inst., opened andDECISIONS.counted the official returns of the late election, declar-after more than £250,000 has been spent upon building ing the following result: Lincoln, 38,721; Douglas, cheated out of the job at last.permanency of the Government; - .-. mTHE ELEVENTH W A R D . — A meeting was held onTuesday night to consider the expediency of dividing the Elev-Hillard et al. agt. Wiseman.—Order denied.Car) Bayer 3gt. Josepha Bayer.—Report confirmed and divorce granted. " .SUPREME COURT—SPECIAL Tim*-Dec. 1!>.—Before Justice LKO.fAltD.The same journal says: " A t the eleventh hour,The people voted against calling a Constitutional Convention bv a majority of only 173.enth Ward. No definite boundaries were agreed,upon., A ximi- at 3 p. m., wcts the time set for the exodus -of the lar proposition was sent to Albany lastWinter, but failed.THE MONCR1KK .JriyORCE CASE. Margaret Moncrief agt. John Moncrief.-Yesterday morning a meeting of about thirty of thewith a pistol by his side and a bullet in Ins head He appeared to havo been deiul neveral months. Defendants :rge that it in ntfr to presume that the husband committed sulcldo, cind honch they on; not liable. Plaintiff contends that, no man can bo pre- sumed to have killed himself, and that in any event defendant miint disprove the natural presumption that defendant cam.- toearnings for December came in light, according to gea« eral expectation, since the derangement in do exchanges and the decline in breadstuff's. The GaVeS shows considerable decrease for the second week, anders. As the occasionpresume Congww* wj1 eCttled i>oli<*y of th*Southern studentsWas held at Thorp's Hotel, UnionMARINEAFFAIRS.Tuesday afternoon as having been made to Professors the Allaire Works, for|the purpose of having her ma-Metcalfe and others were denied by the persons to chinery taken out.Plaintiff sited to recover $6,l(Ji> 2;>, interest upon aIodoantins H ^ ^ ^ ,£Rr-Dec. 19.—Before 143i, 86, f48, TJ4, 117, J46, 130, 101, 152, 31, 436, t»e, 139,. 1611 lM«is47l1«/1 -Kavohapli. in a grocery tletra, comer of City Hall-place and I'oarl their fellows, will b~w as*tender and subdued as chil- It would be a great pity that tio practical nhd benevolent a strecJ) in October last. •"This morning arrived the Polish General, Miero- dren, when telling m«? ^ *hmr' "last loaf of bread "; plan should fail now, at tho opening of Winter, for want of Patrick McGuire testified that, on tbe 23d of October lost, l strong westerly galea and a heavy sea daring lawski, who has come to inspect the siege works. The of the sick " wife or child wn^ can t «a t corn meal,' funds. Who that feels for the thousands of women and children about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, he wax standing on the cornerCOMMERCIALMATTERS;military leader of the Sicilian revolution of 1818 is said and beg flour K«,r,, V, >,.»-. .,..-ie8."- .' ' made wretched by the drunkenness of fathers and husbands, can «f Pearl street with Daniel JPinley, John Sweeney, and the de- n refuse to aid a rjniun thus devoting his life to raising tho fallen, ceased ; Sweeney began to tantalize the prisoner, and a scuffleto bring with him a plan for forming a Polish Legion I have heard enough within one week tomakea cud KDCcecding, as we believe few mi«Rionarios have done . Con- then ensued, in the course of which tho latter WM knocked ••gjtah, French and American coin, alarge quantity of What will Austria say to all this ? We have already a volume. I cannot write more.. I have not been in tributions can be sent to the rooms, No. 2ti New Bowery, or to down: tho parties then went away; about 7 o'clock, wifn«*nM strongHungarianLegion,wehaveWallachianVolun- beda nightfor twomonths untilthe"smallhours," anyoftheundersigned. passedthestoreagain;therewere crowds there:witness stood^patches, jewelry, &s , and over 800 tuna French mer- teers, and if we add the Poles, we shall have a small having an immense number of letters to write to every- J. F.-.MBLLISS. No. 285 Broadway. with the crowd at the railing; the prisoner wa» in the doorwav,many 11ewhele voyage.The Atlantic brings 63passengers, about $850,000 in•bertdise.body, and upon every conceivable subject. I have not FrancisJosephagooddealtothinkabout.Thesud- amomenttowriteduringtheday. Ourorganizationden departure, moreover, of Gen; Tiirr is a significant is being completed everywhere; all other outsideTHEO. WINTHROP, No. 15 Exchange-place. .M.F.HEWITT.No.40Walker-st.C. L. BRACE. NO. 11 Clinton Hall, Astor-place.M. S. BEACH, Sun Office. A*<rw- York, Dec. 18, 1860.FATAL ACCIDENT.—Coroner Schirmer held an in-queit at Bellevue Hospital yesterday on the body of Ellen Cnr- ran, aged 60 years, who died of injuries received on the 6th ult. in consequence of falling down stairs at hor residence, No. 'J4 Madisoa street. A verdict of occidental death was rendered.with it: tho prisoner then went hack into the store, and got a meatchopper,andranout;prisonerthenranovertoKavanagh. and struck him on tbe head with the cleaver; he th<>n ran back in the HOT?. ; Kavanngh was taken to the Hostfttal ;£"witn*w« did not know-what became of the cleaver (thejhistrnment wm pro- duced,andidentifiedbytbowitness);deceasedhad on a senro- Icse.cnp (cap produced, and identified by the witness; it had a cut across tho front, two or three inchcii long) j thia cap had no cut on it before that time.do......army, the elements of which will give the Emperor C. E. WHITEHEAD, No. 20 Nassau-st. with a steel in his band; witnesa asked what bo wo* going to do... 30J ,.- «15 201give a grand concert to-night in the, Polytechnic Insti- tute, Brooklyn.»ARTIST FCND SOCIETY.-—The exhibition of this Society will close"to-night, at the Academy of Design. Specimens of Cole, -Durand, Kensett, Iluntington, Leutze, Cropsey, Leslie, and other artists are on view.and he received a cut, as if by some sharp instrument; the cut was on his left wrist; after the separation of the crowd tho pris- oner washed the blood from hi* face; when the prisoner was on the floor deceased beat him ond jumped npon him.Several other witnesses were examined for the defense. Their testimony tended to show that deceased, and the man with him, were the aggreswors and provoked the fatal blow. -«nd the p»-i«- bnerboro a good character, and was a quiet and orderly man. The trial occupied the entire day.INDICTMENTS.6,000 Tenn. State 6s, '90... 74 tooMlch. S.fcN.-I. O. St. VXb^ 00perannum. Y«t 1 ) 2» tilty in raising even that le oiitcrprize unless the. ,OR]f68, 801.486.i m 1373, 1539,1958,390,2009,2071,1992.203,1942,7 4 , 1 3 * *»500 III. Centml RR. Bds. 88 , 10 do i. • VJT Notes are very i amine the claims of the officers of the Two Sicilies BULL'S HEAD.—The attention of city as well as kept by Eliza C. Fairchild in West Fifteenth street was broken time; worked for his mother, tending a candy ahop; witness be- 2,000 Chic, k N. W. 1st Mt 39 100Micb.So.kN.I.O.s::^who have adhered to the new Government. country readers is particularly called to the.report of up by the police on ^Tuesday night, when the proprietress and longed to one of tho crowds; tho crowd bad no distinctive name: 2.000 N. J. Central 2d Mtg.100 150 do. - - ^ for Custom-HousThe Sardinian law concerning the pre88, with some slight modifications, has been promulgated. Re- actionary movements have been suppressed iri the province of Avellino.the Cattle Market, where they will find an exhibition of " Christmas beef," and see who makes and who buys theee prize animals, and the high prices that such choiceseveral girls were arrested and held for examination by Jmrticw Connolly.[ Advertisement. ]this arowd often stood by the store: witness was in tho habit of •'loafing" around the store two or three houra a day: stood there talking; some of the others were there: one 'of them had a bn«i- ne««; could not say whether any of the others had a buainosa; had known the prisoner about three weeks; none of them had had any musa with him before; only fooled 'with him,; witness1,000 Clev. k ToL S. F. B«. 67 60 do r»00 28{ 10 Merchants' Bank........ 97 50Ptnama Railroad...*30.114at «;a in regard t betaken. The j cent. The parri lonns do not ap;eeven at bighr&u tb-ement of the £Ko<io< i» h*rr'»7 . 5»t till. Dejxirtm'- IJ any («rtion or tho w Ho',**, in «xch*riK'~ tvrith the Tr»nuur-r Wint ot Phi;»d*iffc JKew-York, or St ix • l i c h [>rofH)»ait, ( . Od "An act t*> i& OJl;»»r purpoi*:" apt Such Tr*«iorj hit •rrtffir/itfts of dr-prm li+viurtT of tli* i.n th* ord«r cf «nch V idTURIN, Dec. 1.—Kiug Victor Emanuel arrived atPalermo at 2£ this morning, and was received withextraordinaiy enthusiasm. The people wished todetach the horses from his Majesty's carriage, and todraw it through the streets. People asseinbled fromall part8 of Sicilv, and the total number present wasestimated at 400*000. His Majesty, before descendingat the Palace, went to the Cathedral, and was solemnly curred of late on Wednesdays.his immenee stock of WIMTKH.CLOTHING, now being sold aland under cost of manufacture. • •'put Sweeney np to tantalizing the prisoner; -Sweeney made fan of him by saying that he had a pain right there, placing his hand on his heart; the reasoD was that the prisoner had said those words to girls; prisoner told Sweeney to go to h—11; Sweeney625 20 Mechanics B. A.. 100 900 10 Del. k Hudson C. C o . . 83 100received by the Archbishop of Palermo. The King afterward received the constituted bodies and deputa- tions from the municipalities of Sicily.A copyright treaty was concluded yesterday between England and Sardinia.'•'. 'can hardly fail to go and see the wondera he is exhibiting at hbi Museum. • '.ried knives; saw'no knife used in the fight; saw the steel which the prisoner used; in that fight there was nothing' else used that could cut a man as a knife could: if the prisoner got cut in the first fight, witness could not tell how it was done.. Tlietes*imonv for the prosecution, in addition to tho above, was not of mnch importance.«10 6tt IIRb302S$Acqnapendente, Bagnareu, and some other towns in the province of Viterbo have been reoccupied by the French. . 'v iMonsieur and Madame Baillot, assisted by Signora Carlotta Patti, Signor Stigelli, Madame Prenders, andMr. I?. B. Shafler opened tbe ease for the defense.W e would advise all those that have ten minutesbeef commands in this city. Some sheep are also re- to spare to call at EVANS', NOS.66 and 68 Fulton-et, and examine had been in the grocery where the prisoner! waa clerk; no one 10 American Exchange Bk 87J 1150 IU. Central RR Scrip.. MZported at $20 to $33 ahead. The Cattle Market closed yesterday about as it opened as to price, though not ap- parently quite so lively as it was on Tuesday, but all the stock eold without any such depression as has oc-20 do.15 Perm. Coal Co.100 N. Y. Cen. R. R205 do.. 150 do.. 100 do.. 350 do.. 100 do.. 4 P 0 d o . . 250 do.. 1100 do..200 do.. Henry Sanderman, for the defense, testified that he kept the 100 do.. grocery store where prisoner was clerk for the last ten years; the 100 do.. prisoner bad worked for witness for eight months, and was al- 100 do..dodod o do.... d o... 7IU 50-. . . 73^ 10slO 73JL 50 G*l. k Cbio. RR(yC63 «10&3£s«)6t 64$CONCERT.—A grand Italian opera concert will be^ given on Friday evening at DodworWs Room, for the benefit of Mr. Assoni. Popular artists will appear on the occasion.BROOKL YN•-»ITEMS.d o do........... dodo...dodo•,.[Advertisement.]THE CRISIS has arrived at BARNUM'S at lost. told him to go to the srnno place; prisoner then hit the witnena •82>, 200 73i 200 s30 73* 100.witness could not tell whv prisoner hit himinstead of Sweeney; He has piled novelty on novelty until nature and art seems to did not see doccaned strike the prisoner, or jump upon him;have failed to furnish more. Read bis advertisement, and you Sweeney struck the prisoner with a pail; none of the boys car-dog Itlemen of her suite. On the platform to receive the The Giornalc di Roma publishes Cardinal Anto- OTHE,LT.6.—The Rev. Mr. Hudson gives a critical Monsieurs II. Appy and Bergner, will give a concert at ways peaceful and quiet; the witnesses produced before were 15 Del.. Lack, k West. RR 75 150 do '. :::::1? ••xrhi.iij.- at th#- low.The Grand Jury presented indictments against the PINES FOR ILLEGAL LiquoR SELLING.—It is esti- following persons:50 do. 80| 100 doAiExchange on Nc^ r.ite, if it continuiNorth. About $45 inst two days. Th continues to im-i->;«uj *nivale from Euro West, on account \Mheouri.Tlie Atlantic brir of which ia from P50 do. determined upon by a general congregation of the pany, to open a ship canal across the Isthmus of Hol- sioners for licenees is $13,000, making in all nearly TVm. N. Young, for rape upon Hannah Ten Broeck. Plea, not 150 Mich. Central R,sl5 74 100 do.. s30 73$ 100 do..... Tr %anile, she gracefully bowed to the company as the account of the collection of the income tax. All Council, the City Inspector is advertising for proposals HUMPHREY.—Tbe Kings County Republican-General train slowly proceeded from the station. The royal business is stopped.HEAVY CLAIMS FOR FKES IN THE LIQUOR CASES. The People ex reLJohn Kelly agt. Robert T. Haws, Control- ler, kc..Journeys were performed in thirty minuses each way fey the company's powerful engine the Iron Duke.to clean the streets of the city, by contract, for five Committee, at a meeting held on Tuesday evening,by the Government of Denmark to an American com- to about $1,500. The amount received by the Commis- croton oil liniment—to Isaac P. Gilly, with intent to kill. Plea, 100 . do.K*> 20" 43 50 Chicago, Bur. k Q. R.. 6-4Hon. James Humphrey, tbe Representative of the State of New- the selling,bf liquor on Sunday, and $4,400 for Horvice of processAfter the.Persia, n check in the «pec recommence under this side. The est that the aggregate i and may exceed ispecie lirt:Vrom Kny!-j\aAnguet B»-imoDt J Uolbit-r. FotU-r k Cu..1low loT.d 4c A-pL.1- ..The improvement extended to State stocks and Rail- the last occasion, to enable the powers that be to con- York in the Congressional Union Committee, for his manly and in the suits brought for violations of tho Excise law. The Con- way bonds, of which last the Erie issueswere especial-patriotic course in firmly opposing all humiliating and degrading troller refuses to pay the bills on the ground that the county wasThe Pony Express, with St. Louis advices to the tinue the work by days's labor, as at present. The compromises. not liable for the expense. The case wa« submitted to the .fudge ly in demand. New-York Central opened at 73J, butSouthern medical students of the University College FiRES.-^-About 6 o'clock last evening, an alarm oflowing decision: ' She is not the vessel we could wish The vote for paying the State debt was largely in who have taken part with Dr. Aylette in his recent fire was caused in the Seventh District by the burnnig of a pile . This action, which is brought to set aside the mar- the sessions there was some irregularity, but the tona "Winaas k Meday.Philip Collins, for the murder of a sailor named Bonartu-<.Charles Brown and John Jenkins, for administering a poi«°ii—not guiltv. 150 Hudson River Railroad. 40! 400 Chicajro k R. IsL R.s30 47}S U P R E M ECOURT—CHAMBKKS.—Dec SCTHKlU.AJtn.19.— BeforeJu«ticoWEDNESDA Y , Dec. 19—r. M. There was an unexpectedly favorable turn for thd better this morning in the stock market, and tbe bn.«I« ness of ibe First Board was quite active. The buying was earnest and vigorous throughout the seeeion, andThis is an application by the SherilF for a mandamusMarion, on which the passage home had been arranged was damagedby, fire on Tuesday evening to the extent of $50. cluded to-day. The Judge reserved His • decision. • Thin case oc- ket was still higher with a well-distributed activity, A. A. Kraxer A.*Co. cupied tbe attention of the Court for four days. f».irni)*>l Colt...,legalized, in 1857, when the entire State debt waslegalized by a vote of the people; but by a mistake of for at $2 reduction per capita, of the 47 whose names THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.—The Board held'a w . R. Stafford for plaintiff": D. D. Field, John McCttun, and .State stocks were in better demand, and for Missouri* •Chu«. ThomtJonthe State Controller a large enough amount was not appeared on the original list, only three went, viz: C. meeting at the County Juil yesterday afternoon. Considerable Swartwout k Finn for defendant.- . . • - ,and Tennesseea prices were 2 V cent higher than ia opening transactions of- the day. The more favorable j aspect of the market is partly owing to theKo*»ltr 4^Co.......F. Spr£nc.....sL. von Iloffmas L < ...JK. Cavtua. d« Ku' 'ri k CoThe Mint now -lai millions of dollars idthen submitted to the people to cover the whole indebt- edness.C. Welsh, Lancaster District, S. C.; J. R. Evans,Chesterfield. District, S. C.; and J. W . Glover, New-bui*incH8 of a goneral routine character was transacted.FROZEN TO D E A T H . — A German named AugratMeyer was found frozen to death under a haystack, near the Union Race Course, on .Sunday morning. It is supposed that he took shelter there on Saturday night, and died from exposure.[Ad vertisement. ]SUPERIOR COURT—TRIAL TERM—DRC 13.—Before Justice WOODRCFF.W e ore informed that a L A D I E S ' F A I R and F E S - This is an action to recover $2,500 alleged to be dtu1 upon the money market. The political intelligence of will be mcreased'ies in the same position, the steam lighter alongsideWm. Curtis Noyes for defendants.Before Justice JEJIBRRKPOKT.SUIT ON A NOTE. Marshall agt. .Sheldon et a!.the month. The Cleveland and Toledo- makes a mora satiffactory exhibit, partly on account of the dosed navigation. After the Second Board the market waj strong, closing at the following prices: United States5%effect would appear in this morning's papers. SCHOONER SUNK AND EIGHT PERSONS DROWNED.Professor Draper, it was reported,'would not deliver Information was received in this city yesterday af- brought'by the proper owner of note. The Jury, "under direction 1874,90: Virginia 6e, 76®77; North Carolina t*. 79frternoon that the schooner Richmond, Capt. James of the Court, rendered a verdict for the plaintiff.any more lectures during the present course. This was Chiverel, engaged as a lighter, sunk at 3.] o'clock in The Hon. Edwards Pierrepont for plaintilf; Wiijht fc Merri-contradicted by pue, who alleged that he will begin the morning, while about half a mile from the month hew for defendants.Sr-KCIAL TKHJI.—DKC. 19.—Before Justice WoODXCTT.able portion of the people are becoming engrossed in early enough when Pi of. Draper himself decides. of the Patapsco River, and the captain with seven oth-such enterprises. Prof. Paine, meantime, has taken the place of Prof. er persons were drowned. A number of German la-ever is. scarcely Douglas, 4,144; Bell, \\)± Lincoln's plurality, 301. '"TWENTIETH W ARD GERMAN REPUBLICANS.—At an river, of a portion of her cargo, consisting of guano. 6trike out granted, with liberty to plaintiff to amend, if he de- tral, 48i,2>49; Michigan Southern and Northern Ind> abundant at o<f 7 .-*Bntish Columbia dates to the 19th ult., per steamer election of the German Republican Association of the The schooner Richmond was engaged to convey the sires to do so, by inserting a more positive averment of defend-Labouchere, arrived at Victoria on the 16th from the ant's alteged insolvency. Plaintiff's costs of this motion, #10, to ana, 13®13J; Michigan Southern and Northern Indi- The Comtr.ercto north-west coast. She brought a large number Of furs. Twentieth Ward, held on the evening of Dec. 18, i860, guano to thisijport, and about 3 o'clock yesterday morn- abide event of his right to recover costa in the action. ana Guaranteed, 282®29^; PanamaRuilroad, 1152-116J naiy prox.,- appemtjTlie Indians about Queen Charlotte's Island were the following officers were elected: ing left the ship with 100 tuns of the cargo on board, D. Sadiier et al. agt. Patrick O'Shea.—Motion denied, with # 7represented as talking very saucy and troublesome. John Wachter,rresident; Martin StfaubinRer,Vice-President; and also fourteen of the laborers, who were returning costH of opposing, to the plaintiffs, to abide the event of their Illinois Central, 6-l^®6i); Galena and Chicago Rail- leuTilholidav. T."oA quantity of ore, supposed to be plumbago, was G. Lfvy, F. Kleiick, Secretaries; C. Schneider, Treasurer; B. to this city. right to recover costs in the action.road, 63®63i; Cleveland and Toledo Railroad, i"| i?KCTio> 1. T>;»- :also brought by the Labouchere.The news from Eraser River is' to the 10th of No-vember.Mining intelligence is represented as encouraging.Melvm, a pilot of the port, a young German boy/ and also a young man mimed Hopkins, a son of Capt. Thomas Hopkins, residing at No. 109 Washington street, East Baltimore.- About half an hour after leav- ing.the ship, several of the above named were hoisting sans in order to beat up the river, when being in want of some instrument, one of the party went into tho hold and found, that .the vessel had sprung a leak, the water being two feet deep. He immediately apprised- the captain, who, arousing all on board, called on them to get into the small boat at the stern. Thirteen; of the party got into the boat, when Capt. Chiverel-Due. 19.®2(j; Chicago and Rock Island Railroad, 471®48; Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, 63$61| Illinois Central 7B, 88J® 89.More of the miners have gone . into Winter quarters'.The Niio Westminster T/vies savs the total value evening, Dec. • 17, 1860, tho following resolutions,The examination of Hans Olson and John Wilson,the mates ol the slave hark Cora, was continued. Mr. J. If. Humphrey testified that he was a member of the firm of K, 1). Morgan k Co.; on tbe 11th of April last, executed, iu tho name of the firm, the bill oi' sale of the bark Cora; Fredericks, a ship broker in South street, applied to purchase the vessel; half a dozen other brokers also applied, but preference was given to Fredericks; he said his principal was John Latham: the purchn*e moneyv.as puid on April 11 : the vessel was delivered after the provisions were taken away; checks were given fn payment for tho Cora iu the name of Marcus** k Balger; did not see or know F> edericks before the sale.The market for foreign bills has been quiee to-daT",of imports into British Columbia during the quarter ending Sept 30,1860, was $317,328 08.SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 5, 3 p.m.—Arrived on the 1st,nhip Osborn««, HOWCR, from Liverpool; 2d, utop-Buguofebin, Bord«anx; brig Menipbi*t;i, UHnihur2;<>*d, ship Achilles, Sidney, rfaik-d -tth. »hip Golden State, for Cork.COMMERCIAL.—There is little actual trade doing,offered by Edgar Ketchum, esq., were unanimouslyadopted, after having been ably advocated by Messrs.Ketchum, Wharton, Phenix and others:Resolved, That with tho fruits now exhibited that Slavery bears to the whole country, we bog our friends in Congress to listen to no propositions whatever that may bo made for its extension be-rrrd, K*is the lir»t d The experiincnithe country demand proving nl;tek, and city deidern indispo-ted tobuy. The Eastern uew.s excites interest..but little apprehensiontu» yet. ^T.he order* to clone goods for that account appear to belimited, though thor»* may have l>eeu Homo transactions underHuch eireuinxtancert during the last live days; sales comprise2,500boxes Adamantine CANDIJCS nt 25c. and 10.000 do. to arrive onprivate t<-rins-, U00 bbls. CK.MKNT, at $4 50; 700 tuns SydneyCOAL at $-l~; 4W bags jltio COPFKK at !U'«>M^c. InFaCJTS Moultrie, that the gallant men now stationed there may not bo there have been small transactions at unchanged rates. sacrificed by the seceding State ef South Carolina.found that there were no oars to row the boat with.He was also desirous of saving the Gepnan boy, and " John Latham" ; they were certified and deposited iu the bankPROVISIONS dullsudmuch depressed; there is scarcely any-thing doing in Meats. Lard is also drooping. liuttor—isthmus ti*tft utlbrd* a warrant for tho atrocities of Slavery.'• It will be observed that the Surrogate decides that the will presented for probate has been revoked so far as it affects prop-IK I^:.. «H1 ujv-ii H si)Uamann, A. J. DitU<nhoofer, C. Richard, Delegates to tho Ger- man Central Committee.TWELFT.II W A R P REPUBLICAN' ASSOCIATION.—At a regular meeting of this Association held on MondayCapt. Chiverel was accompanied by Mr. George UNITED ST A TES COMMISSIONERS' OFFICEcouiujouly collwi 6*«o f D*^*nA>«r. coh-.n point»d orrfooma.-i. - . rre»:virnt of thr I f . -'J (•hnli for all jmrpu*."- v^ •p;iviiirnt or ar.-^r-: •thr di.-houor of-bill* and rates are no firmer. The rauj,'e for commercal jiol«-» tvi-d* a.:.rr u,-.yond its present limits, but,to hold hnnly by the principles that brought the Republican party into power.panthng instead - >i has been attended few will now Soubt thougjh HI the ftart tlRexoteed, That we want to know whether wo really have a Government or not, and if we havo one we want to see its au- thority maintained at the South as well an at the North.with that view went on board the schoOner again. In the meantime the water in the hold had increased sosunk. , . . -To District-Attorney Roosevelt—Tho cheeks were indorsed before the bill'of sale was delivered; it was not the custom ofMorgan k Co. to destroy checks when paid. Examination adjourned to Friday, at noon.SURROGATE'S COURT—DKC. 19.—Beforo Surrogate WHST- THE CLEU WILL CASE.Freights—To Liverpool: 200 bales Cotton at \li 70 bales Sea Island do. at £d.; 3.(XK) bbls. Flour at2^ 101d.®3R.; 20,000 bush. W h e a t at U:M. in bm; ®ha * i:6\ been a.nwses bdopted by our Ban] «-<Minirj—alth"!u- tl the notions of :Resolved, That we earnestly request our friends in Congress to that within three minutes after the discovery the vesselmove without delay for the reinforcement'of the garrison at Fort"The property which Mrs. Clen sought to dtjpose of bv the bbls. Flour at 3s. 6d.; 300 boxes Cheese at 50s., sd\ COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRA TION.—This Board met head until he was rescued by Capt. Albert League of Hall will was the farm at Hvde Park, on the Hudson lUver.apeech from Mr. Seidler, President- bv seniority. The anxiously looked for; sales 45 bbls. fSaltinNhie at 6c.election of the new President of the National 'Council SiMiciTs quiet; Foreign and Domestic drooping; tales of ire yesterday afternoon at Custle. Garden, President Ver- the steam-tug Lioness, several hours after. The re- containing over 4(>0acres, and about $40,000 in cash, beside her 50 bales Hog's Hair at 15s. To Glasgow: 6,000 bn^ Tl e B:illks, OU :• rfbbls. Whisky at a decline.HOT its different m-ctions will take place to-morrow. Other goods without transactions, und generally tending agaicstplanck in the chair. From the weekly statement it ap- mainder of the party, twelve in number, who got into furniture and wardrobe. Wheat at 12d. in bags. To Bremen: 300 bales CoUot pears that 102,11G emigrants arrived at this port since the row-boat, being without oars, were drifted down ••" The Hall.will having been destroyed, as the Surrogate de-The Council of the States were also opeued. Dr. sellers.JBlumerwas elected President of the Council of the BKXAnRTryy.s are well maintained. Small orders for. WHKAT, the 1st of January last. Arrivals- last year during the river by the current until reaching Sandy Point, tho property affected thereby, which, therefore, under this doci-weq>: 150 tuns Heavy Goods a* 4.2*. (id. To IIa\T(S 100tea.Iticeat|12;1(X)balesOW»ouatlc;WOM A8hesat$i0'd>$12; 50 tuna Copper at $6, and 25 to* Heavy Goods at $10. To Venice: A bark of 220 tcaf at $1 15 *> bbl., and 5 t> cent' ]>i-image. A bri;; of'361 out to Porto Rico and buck with Sugar at 40c., aud MilA motion for induction was made in this case,; to re- lasses ou dock at $3. IDIS- suffice to keep them in habitable order. The matter ful in reaching the deck :tnd was also drowned, with strain the defendants from infringing theGoodyear patent, by thefive of the laborers, making the total number eight sale of vulcanized india rnbber elastic goods, manufactured in The business of the Sub-Treasurv was:/ ReceipJwas referred to the General Agent. At the request of drowned. He was twenty-two years of age, and F.urope, and imported into the United States by tho defendants. $40,879 33—for CustomV, $3^,000;*Payments, $U« Commissioner. Lord, the Rev. Mr. Denaison stated that Messrs. Fischer it Aschenberg appeared by their counsel, Mesam.DEUS HYATT. . ATCHISON, Kansas, Dec. 6, i860.Your telegram of to-day, to draw for threedollars, is received. You are the only man who sends sewing, knitting^ and habits of industry. A plainlatter is a well-known pilot, about 47 years old, leaves a wife, residing at No. 103 Batik 8tree.fr, nearunder them; and accordingly an injunction was ordered to issue. The defendants in the above case have defended against tho«e suits for two years, and have been prosecuted several times, and were, the principal opponents of tho rights claimed uudor the. Goodyear patent.COURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS-DKC. 19.—Boforo R*- corder BARNARD.Wm. B. Lilly, indicted for forgery in the seconddwellingatQuarantine^Occupied- byDr.Walser. Mr.They were brougiit to this city in"that steamer, arriving yesterday afternoon about 4 o'clock, .and brought the first intelligence of this melancholy occur-UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.-DKC. 19—Before Judce BKTTS.The Goodyear Elastic Fabrics Company agt. John A. Fischer aud Aschenberg.Carrigan thought that if the Quarantine property was**A report was suddenly Rpread to-day that Francis"XL, whose health is not satisfactory, had left Gaeta on LETTER FROM GEN; POMKROY TO TIIAD- under the direction of the Children's Aid Society he went on board of the schooner in place of his father, Blins and Barlow, and consented that the, injunction prayed fo 324 19; Balance, $2,299,303 45.« .I c ai^es became »-ni ment stopped, anJ ti]possibilities in th«a process, the tMiifH* pc»«.it« melt away. Lreak down ut;<:- r screw. The ne'.xt plj the withdraw:d ot tuuspension of sp*t ia had precisely the op moval of difiirust un iial, there is tbe in "Which justifies tta this bold but inU'K'glTbe following U a| Cotton for the hut Wcompared with the a. i—Rjseic > rsfP«t*t wwlt.N' 1860-61.. 107,000degree, \va» tried," and the jury, disagreeing, were dischargedop in a fortress, and object to receive the shot and shell enough, 1 should take great pleasure in sending it out. chose to attend. The hair will accommodate .three week by their pitifiil assault upon free spooch, must Subsequently the prisoner put in a plea of forgery in the fourth the second week of December were:which m a few days wo shall throw into the place.The Papal Nuncio had already left; Count Perponcher, No one of us has yet realized the distress, even, now^ ofthe Prussian Minister, and Gonut Sece'ny, the Au*trbui our people. More than fifty teams from the remotehundred persons.. The Board promised its good will to the enterprise..feel very cheap when they see what estimation they degree, and judgment was suspended. 1H5W ' Win. H. Callahan, a sailor, 20wars of age, indicted for larceu}' '1!U>0...*:M.**N' ... is,«-» '.. ... #.\!M'>Charge d'Aflaircs, followed him in the morning; M.earned from the Old War-IIorao of Tammany, Elijah from the person, in stealing if lf>0 iu coin and bills from Lawrence F. Purdy, than whom no Doriiocrat stands higher in Daly on the 2d December, pleaded suitty to the charge, aud WL<sent to the State prison for two years and six months.Decreasenavy." But if I could only get the provision fastcounties are camped in and about town, **waiting for«Qoeen-totouch the Spanish Territory except under his trains, but I expect all the back ears loaded for this is alleged that the machine. wa« at the complainant's house inSTEALING A CICAR-MAKEK.—Louis Beaucheof No.The two first week's of December on the MichiganBennudez, in his character of a Spanish cavalier, will fiie ears to come in." W e have had some delay in the 77 Pine street complains'ffiat on the :;<Hh ult. Reman Mailer and the Democratic party of this city. Yesterday in the Michael Farrell, an Irishman, for illegal voting at tho Thirdnot leave till the seige is over; he will not allow the Charles Maver.stole from him a machine for making cigars. It Board of Supervisors, in advocating the increase of the Election District of the Twelfth Ward, was' sent to the Peniten- Cent nil mad give:police force, be said:Gen: Cialdini left us suddenly yesterday morning, But what is a car-load, "among Romany?" Some that they hail taken the property. The accused were taken be- " This is particularly important at this time, when, in some and having voted, three times before. Adjourned.. ©"1,1W w *2,-«l9 I"escort. place will be in.to-morrow; New-.lorsey. and that the accused brought if. to this city and se-Mhaving been sent for by the King of Sardinia ^rom Na- men have waited here eight days—" left their familiescreted it. lie further alleges that the defendants admitted to himfore Justice Kelly yorterilay, when tf/ey denied all knowledge of ihts machine. •They were held to answer a charge.of grand lar- ceny.-** Cavalli's siege artillery has arrived. It has been by express "free"—the iirat contribution. Galosburfc put in s word for;i hn,; '.>. •charity . lich is doing a vast amountBROOKLYN COURT OK SKSSIONS.-Before Judge GARRI- SON nnd Associates.Frank Haley, impleaded with Barnev Victory on anindictment for robbery, was tried yesterday. The circumstancesII. J. Jcwett, esq., receiver of the Central OhtJj road, filed his eighteenth monthly report with the CUx of the United States Court, covering tho operationspleir. H e i* expected back to-morrow with the King'swith nothing but Buffalo meat," and '' dare not re-instructions. Cialdini might very well be spared for a turn without bread."short time, ft>r as yet all the work must be done by 1 have not received a boot or shoe yet. Men come along distance with home-made shoes of ratat/ujj'til<>Jbaa suddenly stopped the works of the pioneers, and hid*:, andtell me their " families have nothing." I . SD:: Among tile '.•-'•' • • •;. .the engineers. The heavy rain of the last few dayse&til we have sunshine again they cannot be resumed. have received one roll.of cloth to day from OalcSburg i.M Of thepnbuc.il> >•'•• '>•>.'•-»u»-t.tnever will surrender, and ho Hhould bo protected iu his ttlyca street and Hamilton avenue, on the evening of the 4tb ofNovember last, and, taking several drinks, went out- SUmdford was induced to accompany hla friends Into a stoUe-vard. where, as alleged, they robbed hnn of $<>. .Daley was convicted of rob-BAKN1NGX. freightl!ttl»-r<»i.J6S>,(O0 1868-9... 138.000 133T-#... 100,000 lSt«-3...128.W>0-Y.xTo Gt. Brit 18*^-6Jlr.r»,000 18«MJ0{-.«i2.t,(W 186S-9...4^,00018ST-S,.'.280,000 1850-7...*:r:.ii0t» 18&1-S...415.CO0Thus the receipt-J^from thoseof las v« 185^-9; andtheexd Comp'dwithOt.Bnt. •, La»tY»r.D<xM3S.f o. i>Jl«WJ-5L..iBC, W.000 L>«|.,.".••, 1placed in position at the entrance of Valley della Guer-<sa. These Cavalli guns are said to carry 500 metres most. What a good people they must be ! When IRoom iii the Four Ik ,H'</>•'/. white men—he should have been protected In speaking." having been detained us a witness since tho robberv. was allowed m,I-OIKTI! W.\KI> READING ROOM. To the Fditor of Ttir .V. V. T.ribuiit.were Hiuiilar to those given in Victory's caao. The accused, without interruption, is a nght that an American citizen Victory, met Thomas Standford in a liquor store corner of Rap the road for tho month of October:with admirable precision. Great results are expected told a good lady that Mr. Burdett came all the way This ia a public benefaction i'ii two ways; it prevents drunk- At 4 o'clock on Wednesday morning a fire broke $20 by the Court.with his car-load, and saw such a demand for more that, ards mid it saves drunkards. One ot tho greateut causes of 1rom these formidable guns. drunkenness in the want of virtuous places of sociality, and 44 The population of Gaeta is emigrating en masse, he went immediately back for another load, " Ah 1" young men come to.this room to spend a social hour, or reud aout in a stable owned by J. A. Smith, on tho rear of aAnn Ellis, heretofore convlctod of grand larceny, in stealing *M<)from an old lady named Mary Greeley, was setitenoed to the State Prison for two years.lot near the corner of Eighth avenue and Fifty-eighth •whkb proves that the King is determined to resist. says she, " tell me hia name again. I want to call my paper, rather than go to the grog shop and drink or gamble. Mr. street, causing diimuge to the amount of £250.' TheFuel expensotT:Road departmemtG«neral expen»eC o s o t r a c t i o a a o o o t w t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3* **baby after him!" . , Gardner himself goes around among the low hoarding housee and 'stable was occupied by J. A- Haruod, who lost a valu-The villages of the little island of Isebia do not suffice The weather begins toget cold. . Ice is running in liquor shops of the Wnrd, ami druws out tho wretched drunkard, able horse, all attemps s\\ rescuing the animal proving SvrniMK COURT—CIRCUIT.—Part I.—Oyer, and6,171 07 K**4 »*> contain the unfortunate fugitives. More than 1,000 and tries to inuko a man of him. i l e fee do him, clothes him,J*vv© fought a j*-Jb%+> Jo the xj-iojod of Caeamj^oia. The the n\t;T; the winde blow a piercing aijd jjjourjtful bring* bim ww{U>r rehgiou* influence*, oad find^ L4m oeeup^cn. unavailing.'IVnnln«r. l'art II.— No*. 15S1.1004, «J«L 101, 1500, I*TI{ 3T8, a>»0, 2012, WIS, W7, 19W, WW,12%,IW, XUySKK9,\lW>} )*.**{ ]* 480• movomnts which ck>im the •asoii approaching, muy weright—they mob him. However wrong this "Wendell-Phillips Q1 -From paRsrnwrfi KromFrom express.FromnjidlTotal.Transportation deportment Machinery department.S2^,3^tt 1»l39.«B * 3,060 90 2,378 70....$69,035 71$10,897JX1M31 *2may be in relation »to" Sl-avery—f*or—t«hi-s'n-i'gg-er question causesand Knoxville continue to be Jir&t. among the fore- ol good In a very quiit v.<>y: that Orvilio Gaiduer's Heading more disturbance in tho country than all (mentions iu regard to bery in the first degree Sentence wan deferred. Standford/•Untitled Documentwho had iecently purchased from Mr. Ebb a half inter- in the bill might issue, and stated to the Court that they had ac- est, the other half belonging to Cant. Chiverel. The knowledged therighta of the Company, and had taken a licenseStoles, treason is plotted and i« ripening into rebellion. We should be admonished by what is taking placu in other cities and States. Look at Boaton. At one time they were arrayed in- opposition to the Fugitive Slave Law, but now when a man. geta up to apeak—and whatever a man thinks, we give him the right-of free speech; the right to speak with-IncrttsoandSecond work. 181.0 Second week, 1859< (5ain......$20,l*4!> !.!!.".!"..*!* 1 ?]:?>';^:5,2M!*ale* at tfce St*ck Kxcfcnage—Dr.c. 19.22.rm)T7.S.P«J874Coupon.90^250ErieRaiIrond.. 7.000 Tenn. tifate 6« '90.... Xi 200 do5,000 Missouri State «*..*30 6Gi 150 do............ 4,000 do................ 67 121504,000 New-York Cent. 6s.. 90J 200f>.000 Erie RR. 1st M, Bs.. 933,000 Erie 2d Mtg. Bd«.... Ml f» LO00ErieRR.3dM.Bs.'8385^100 1,000ErieRR.Bd*.'75.... 56 12Harlem Railroad.. 3,000 Erie RR. Con. Bs.'71 57 500 Harlem R R . p r o f . . 4,000 Hnd. Riv. 3d M. Bs.. 80J i«H«/ do,, » u* •"'80 National Bank 90 50 do 5 Bank of •omuierce 90 10 do 7 MefropoJitan B»nk.... .100 16 do 7 C*Tn Exchange Bank... -81 8 do,«30.1I5 lis*lltl* »I3.116,s7 74i 2:; Chic. &.R. L R R .loungers about the corner; witness was present at the first fight; 5 N. J. Central R R . . . . . . . K>6 300 do. V-ill carry «»ch raf- <25,000do .' 75100dodo.d o :do...... T3 .*»0 2-tib30 20 ,b30 yit22,000 Missouri State 6s5,000 do3,000 Erie R. Conv. Bs.'tl. 07 100[2,000 Mich. Cen. 8 Q Ct.lst Mt2e. S. F. Conv. Bs. 95 5.000 Mich. C.a$>-Ct.Bs.,»69 SO300 50doHarlem Railroad.. ,...13fhave been in circulation, as usual. One which statedbody was found in the wood* near I'"ort Hamilton, Long Island, 3 had currency, but was not. credited. The Railway" would make snch a Jievening. In addition' to the many attractions which havo left his homo in Mamaronecfc apparently in good health, and that the Charleston Convention had adjourned to Marcll i* cent, and of a :;:oicrowded those spaciouj rooms tbuis far, there will be a MuaiCAi, EXTKIITAINNKXT TllH VBN1KO.nothing was heard of him until March 15, 1858, when his deadTHE JOHN P. KING.extrayrdumry circtinj Edwards Pierrepont and Stoughtou &-. Harrington Tor plaintiff; the Michigan Central makes but a small gain in half ot Tin? produce a& :-kDECISIONS.borers bad been employed for several days past by Mr. settled. 401; Harlem Railroad, 13^®13J; Harlem Preferred,Before Commissioner Morrell. THE SLAVER CORA,, 'favontble advicesiis again 10c. V bi Cotton is in fair <: n. Ixf ie quoted.The business <• $17,043,000.In the open marktrifle moie ferorai Itmore easily pa.-.-*-*:uion in rates in f..George Pcgram agt. Joseph Carson et al.—C'a.^e Railroad, 292^0J9J*;, Hudson River Railroad, 40i«cides, by Mrs. Clen, anirno fevoeein&i, alio died intestate a* to {¥ steamer) at lfc, :ind 200 tee. Kive at 40s. To Anfsubject of a future contest between the parties."tiary for one month. Ou a former examination, on being ques- tioned why he voted illegibly, he replied that he.thought he had a right to vote, having had his papers for upwards of tea years,lu.oiac9,COURT CALENDAR—Taia DAT.... 73f' 350 ..slO 7341200 7 4 i ! 12 2 0 0 0 0 .... 7rd% 150 .... 742 100 . .«3 14i 200•s30 73? 100 .s3074 COOCleve. k do..T oledo.6869 :ioo50Panama Railroad.. ....1164 20 National Bank 90' 100 Illinois Cen. R.Sorip.^.'i 64£catbf«aid28thof iU l*Mrui25 Am. Exchange Bank.... 37 200 do.10 Pacific M. S. S. Co.50 do '.. ..235 N. York Central R. .... 74J 250 Cleve. k Toledo It .... 25i22 Pennsylvania Coal Co.. 74SOCamb. Coal Pref. 8 15*) do.1004dodo... 21? slO 29$ •30 20 .-5 2Hs-TO Sit s30 91-.Clove.. Col. k Ci'n. RR. 90dosl5 6T% 64»bills of well-known signatures, is 101 ir 102, with sonrfdocuments attached as low :m I 4? cent discount. Tn<range for bankers' hignatures is 103® 101, wjthlwthingdoing above 103i. Tho demand for remittance is verylight, and most of the purchases are made in orderttimi>ort gold for the proceeds. Franca are equally douj the prudczceof *>« h| at 5.55® 5.45.TtW.I I X I I H M i m i l ,$48,W «.HIJ 64. . . . 6 4 1 .... 6<| . . . . V'\i4't.'.'/'private d»pe Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^sans^^/:^''^.'"•&' ii ffi ^^'^^r:?n^;«fcte'«1 m '•^.^^s^W'iVwrt•i-..VMfif'i J 