1^general xuin,Lincoln'sgatherfrom theappended,Bev-.and ;-some time ago, and wasgested by the Chess Tournament which drew to-"bohapsheirs, per-a dozen in number, and it is not give'recog-questioneddiipnved;and if the questionim fh» Ttm Ullkrk.onFark'Wv.9in«««|nfu«asu.Ttetnw-TOBXTMKS(DtOSrta joWWi** MTslnc and erening—Price Two Ciim. served at l-**interested in their content*—the tax-payers./i.•*,all doing well We receiveBut with the mass of voters in the State at large, ex-why barous enactments:?:?r.5S;^"oof the yiw-YoM llMMlittle diffiBrence l>etweencan President. There are men who consider i **>'"* floors of the brown-stone building No. Al) legal obstructions to learning should be re- subject to well-defined penalties annonnced in eoKmatton of one Prince of Wales, or laodhiKbe increased to 60,000 men. Burners are again cnxrent that negotiations are on foot for the annezatum of the Island of SsKiinia to France, bntare not traced to any very reliable source. Tlie^ Utejcase we freely discuss the merits of institu- peoples, and point out the path of duty andtheand endless con- flicts would result from the doobt as4o where official responsibility terminated and private..iQ)on anycompulsory unpaidwe maintain is,',that the law of Slavery is not need to be now told for the lately thatsiioitlythe year 18C0, amounted to $98,000, viz.: "ex-penses for general repairs and maintenance of tions, note the wisdom or folly of kings andunder General Cialdiki had ^Medved orders to cross the Neapolitan frontier, aad would probably be before Capua on the 15th imrt. It was generally believed that'the Neapoli-menaces what fair appeals to reason and judgmeitt will not efTectpairs "enginehouses,This is independent Press.simply thevocation ofanBana^tromtiiigthe Cit/XKEMK^ THKATB>i-AlL8ni Aioos. SAlUMCH^HanT Tim—Snmos k Co.morals, which promises success to their po- !•upon the Messrs. Bioon &. Co. The— » Qooiu—Sbajot JUaciu.niiiOb TSXATBE—Mux. TiOTOUA's Xxsmal Pxb-willingtoplungethe wholecountry intofiscal year, will, if carried to consummation, tion of Abolitionists upon negro testimony. poScy. And the injunction has not been concerned, is at all pertineot. Tlieir coalnVBiea-'XiThch's granted. The grounds upon which the Covit tions are ai fiAows :.New-York City.lending jewels faf ths by two moved, and the slaves ^ould be the act ; and should at once be arrested by jewels for a ball given in honor of saothar. Wato—>ta])s would evacuate the town and letiie to great communitypatriotism.^IMmontese troopsaccomplish byand of plunging the snbstantial interests of ainto confusion and ruin, forOaata. There is a report current that Buaaia was about to recall her Aml)a8sador fromTurin, bnt, according to the London Post, no pro test, in a diplomatic sense, has been made by either Bnssis or Austria against the eatrvof Sardin- fau trcopsjbto Neapolitan territory. The depart- ure of FdJS Pasha. -I|pin Byria had tieen the sig-the sake of carrying a political point.' But if Mr. Cobb is sincere in his menaces, what business has he at Washington ? If he with those who meditate Disun- ion, how dare Mr. Bcchakax retain him in his Cabinet ? Is our venerable President about to signalize his Administration by turning Dis- unionist, or the accomplice of Disanionists,marked andtrulychangeof the leading parties in tiie grand secular con- flict of old diplomatic Europe with the modern life ofthePeninsula.i nal for the recommencement of Cliristian massa- cres. The life of the Bus.siau Consul had beon threatened.'And if the business be thrown open to competition, the risk from the same source is of course multi-Rev. Sriran B. Tras, D. D« No. 81 Sa« Bix- teentli-street—Csor Sir,: In the nva, this d^, wa find tlie foUowing, onder the head of a report of the American ChuicnSecession mmprs of all kinds reach us from thehimself?'nown of Aaeo.v Bcrr on the page of history tef the London Times thatCapital,the creation in the sable breastsseci^ source. Bsu,Bumsk(X>~aGeonlisctoDr.Tn»,taST« stated that by tho rent of Jewels tur women ta wsarLas tbe Prince's ball, tlMj made eDongb ti pay the rent at—some of them of the most absurdrespondentIsland of Sardinia is nowtheNitioDalcharacter. Our WastiingtoD correapoudent tele- Have thebefore been disclosed to the from mm public,thatareportwascurrent thereon wlot was considered reliable anthonty, to the elbet Aat several of tbe Southern States, tlirough As medium of a secret Gonuni^simer, had alreadytrophiesof the traitor Arnold dis-grapksyestnrday,turlied his and made Um emulous of his sleepplace on the records of his country?The letter which wejvith But supposed to have determined the annexationthese'a pledge fn^ the Prendi Empqror thate»«»Jandin the case ofwetheeommaakathmsTk« BtW.TOM TIKES ('f«»'J-'-^° ?;^"So" Disunion movement, and aims to create the impieasiou tiiat it will have the sympathy andfjof thatto Co., and TmArr.ft Co., to rather minenUnnit»for«ln«IecopiM.widened^When 17. was Uaopiicro^mad'Kiag ofMitfiaal,bonowed f>r sxpiwa^yI at ibe loireitengineand one'hose car-The South should make theas poiiMc.."of tbe United States,out-doing the moet TiolentV^ the Fire-Eatera In his thieats of 8oathera teoession, civilor these odious adjusts of wasted.uryvrsxmalnUin thatFrom the proceedings of the Board of 'SAnflf' are not essential parts of themo^itg;nndelby It wooldTrso-in l wouldGovernment, could make these threats with far ' sreater chances ofgiving them effect, than anypreteatloas extravagance and bad tasli^ are entirely pertinent, and we woold not istmdeother man. But even this explanation, com- paratively charitable as it is, places tiim on a level with the lowest and least honorable of the demagogues who infest our political gam- bling halls.'i|stant and increasedexpenditure,wHichwe.daily exercise upon the affairs ofseekingsympathizeshas takenin therelative positionsBLACK * CO.electing a President by the people.Anticosta, on the 7th lost. Of tlie seven persons actly the opposite result wiU be produced. is tn authorize bad men to do irhat thefrom Canada of the wreck of the British schooner Humming Bird, offisof the consequent indefinite character of this chargefrom Labrador for Haliiax.8outh is scandalizedbypolicy?and would justify remarkable fortime that would oar claim the payquestionsanyhands.But the slaves of the licst iamilies are sub-mtelligenceDo not see that the effect of thistliey policyIt is hardly necessary to say that conscien- afford every facility u reasonable public could—on board, three the Captain, steward, and onp They will regard and treat these flagrant at- revolt at andgood wholecustomrrs who do not wish to borrow, and ofoar-seaman—were lost. The scUooner w-d.s buumi .doing;thus this mistakenselves, who very much prefer to sell, we beg to dis-t»mpt.s to coerce them by threats into a A telegram from Mobile stites tliat ni) further ccursti which their judgments do not ap-th^tli|?Itask of a new enterprise ;anticipations of a system as absolutely con- rent in the maimer above iacUcated.are felt in n fcrencc to the few [jfiive, as insults to them and outrages uponsimply sea coast tovenient as is enjoyed in London. BuUhcreare various obstacles in the The clerks way.and carriers employed arc mainly old hands accustomed to veteran routine, and not easilyKrw-Yoaa, Oct. 36, 16«0. TIFFANY & CO.apprehenMonseases of yellow fever wluch Imvc recently maileand moredefend, and stronger international jealousies totliercr Thoy were t^imply sr,or;i(lic, The Republicans of the Twentieth Ward camehigh^^fljgeirand ofa mUd t> pe.JIDOSK's Rural A'cw-Yorker, published at Rochester, has a very large circulation, rspecialiy among the agricaltural population of the Northera,appearanceprerogative of breaking up family ties,mass meeting :it Lil>Prty Hall in Thirty- aecond-street' last evening, and., applauding fre-So as these are retained, we miiy expect totogether ijitoreduced toconformitywith innovations.and Middlelent medium for advertiidngand offers a excel- rerrlistened to speeche.< by THSOUor.r TiL- TOH, Hon. HEhRY WiLSoa, of M.igsachuseMs, and Judge PSABODY.AUnionmeetingwasheld at the Insti- Coopertute last evenhig, at which Jas. T. Bradw, deUiieredaspeechupontheaspectofparties, andthinglong(juently,to know whether the Constitu-possessionsNor, though less incredulous certainly, are direction we assmiie that the boxesCitywbodcslreaal weU-msnaged paper, has actiocd.Esq., emn farce if it canat issue in the present canvass. He dictation of any interest oroftheother European•and that the handling aiid from the several stations will notwas large, although the hall was not full.The great Billiard Tournament, the idea of whichtion will be happensdie,insolvent, Catholic Powers at Gaeta. But Russi.i re- fused her recognition for years to the actualoriginatedprobably sug-.BMders made some concessions to buyers of indulged,grownintoall cruelties wliich the laws tole- but so long as the bariiarous laws re-Iks^daluB's, and a lively business was tran-sacfd. OslttV was in iair demand at buoyant prices. Pork., Bsrf and Whisky attracted more attention. Rio Cofbe, Hay, Hops, Tea and Tobacco were in goodathousand votes are counted is but too palpable, <xi* facts will show.maining desHatthe Constitution. The menaces of Disunion have already very largely increased the Repub-have alargerexposedlican vote in all the Northern .States.erate men of all areparties beginning sayencounter.tliat it is timp thiswere tested,that itGovcriiinent of Piedmont.againsttheto business men of this toreachthosesections. Itisanahleis welltion, or Slavery, is the supreme law of thetheirmaywill not be visited with the requiredland,—and as preroi'a- tive, it fulls exclusively, in pr«ctice. into tlieir\v»' much less indifferent to the rumored action;frequency dispatchFederalAnd in thethat Spain has proposed a Congress of established theUin thi^XJity, andUcirculation, are rarely seen thoseby directlyto bmtiah beasts.,. ^for eitherbeelection. We hftve it on good authority, that ibllowing IIt presents him as capable ofceipted bins their ornaments, in order toIs he ^bitious oi eclipsing the re-It is, indeed, asserted by tlie Paris cor- sive carriens are coneerned in it.Btlssionaiy Sodety nwraqg'" He (Dr. Tmo) dlvnlgedaa interesting (set nUBre to the b«U, (Prince or Wilss.) which ira (kBftc h« bo*_{|niptlDD of the Cotilederacy. .\. stiite- prepared us somewhat for ^is intelligence of and immunities which are now de- afatly d^colons iii unworthy of serious privilegesbeen a very satisfactory improvement in the sided in giving currency to the falsehood ; wialf to yon, Sir, respectfully demaading yoor aatluii^lnrenoughand that the right of suffrage is a sol-hear of lettersfor to rca<-h failing daysanddeservesthe successhe exercised at thesection. If the Administration joins the outcry, and adds the weight of its unpopularity to the in-thebeiieTed the Union to be in danger, and cordiallyrecommended the partisanK of Brecki.vridge andIiAire to vote the Union Electoral ticket, in ordiTif poorible to avert that danger. The audience trinsic odium of the Disunion policy, the elec- master towhich will end to the other.Sttcrctary to the rrinrc Regenttravelingdelugeofing remarkable opportunities fi>r becoming acqaalntadonly;sweeptlie State i^rom oneandsocdmnenced in this City yesterday, at the roomsof lb. LvHcn, in Fourteenth-street. The prize tol>ebe contended for is a splendid gold-mounted ever received from us the conmieadations kindred among the slaves. In the second and pointed cue. Some very fine play was ex-hibiwdof tlie latter measurewith tiie workinggethermanyItnightsof the checkeredboard,"The Firemen and Common Council.adjustment of thecan way.\nd certainly nothing can be more chimerical stands prominently (he privati^main unrepealed, or the brutal license(Hla, Metals, Naval Stores, Fish, Seeds, Twenty-five years ago, when the Fire unproliibited and unpunished, such apologiesofficialenterprise.tmatgL.TwK> ttemf and Holasses were quiet. Hidessenses,that thePapalGovernment is still positionthis country wax, showIlilnsglabors have so raesaa pressions of its surface. bymad. beadMr. were dealt in. Freightb iDodenM|>y-anddence and public commendation as at the present time, sucli favors as are now demand-The slave-pens ofjustifiable.ent circumstances.that more tenable grounds, or ratiier evadingware finn. -"t-The excitement hi Stocks yesteVday was unusu-large.Baltimore,do not belong to the nineteenth century. - The ominous future of Europe lies furtherto the East. The tidings which come to usThx Woman's Libbaby.took and landlordistoohumane cleaned their own hose, and many an oW fire- or tenant wliat the hiw allowstroops,the diplomatic gutproquos which come to os fromRomeandNaples. Aswepointedouta few days since, the Oriental question is theenterprise win he gratified to learn that it ismeeting with a degree of supcess which farexeeeda the most' sanguine expectations of itspnqeetors. The rooms are filledas thatwillinvolveaThere are also s very good proportion of-sion ofdecorated—Thefriendsofthisare infinitely more menacing than all^i. Among the former are a large number of wasmen of a stem and general settling day no We clip the following extract of a speech—Col. Governor elaet of Cuitin,lewPennsylvania,4b teichers in our publicresdincof '<^ch they have long felt the need.difi^tmarriage among-to beIt is simplyknot should now be Raleigh Register,arrived la BoftOBonschools,who find in I iIn tliiscase there is nolongerpostponed.where itfrom weekWednesdaywith his personal frienda. Re is to make ain book-binding, in and kin- sewingmachine,She has just finished a bust of Prof.-Unasa McCoy,employeddred ftTOcations, among the regular patrons ofthe Ubrary, and four-fifths of the books which occupy three-story houses built at the th^ take iirom its shdves are histories, me- expense, lighted withmofait tUTels, Ac, almost to the entire exclu- warmed throughout. TheStaats Zei-the requisite rooms and other oeovenienoetieveryhumaneand generoos instinct isthe menUsevendaysin a week, it would erty la sUrca woaU be aittiUed to Uie prote<4iaBprobably •fUwhm*andtbaConsUtoMMioftheUnitedSUtM.". hisfHendsUiatf£fT.';rr::i:r^.-he«fnlAltaiiDepartmentwas asquite worthyas ofrespectable,will find little acceptance with the world atreceived the Mjpreclation which they so richly de- but 43 years of age. He removed lo ratetspo feur orremovingevery day with water of icyandthreatening questionofEurope.Hr. Saie's horse and bia of la blaaf will receive with ing diiringHr. Sale took a aa lepvatcd warnings. «p rtoafatHcL'lungwasridlng away and discbiigedttj^^iB.as a.bacR-room was unheard and as to out- of;slaves?room forceivable that the Syrianiskeptad-quitepublicconfi-Alexan- dria. Richmond, Charleston and New-Orleans,and the auction sales in every agitation of tlie country and &om the heavy clos- ed and granted, were not even thought of. The Souih, frive the lie to tliesethere the the withinfl-iinmctionofand the additioott fiill, on the politicalaSvins^np of outstanding contracts, equal to an aver- age of 1 per cent.of the glasses. TheyThe of hta severl^gnat,countyIuii)<s.mental labors doubtless favorod tho nrojOsssoCttaConsid-—highesttious of the Frenchmmmm W^ ^rwp" T- r» ^be«ii^|lllBift«» the pnpMKt We xaOat- i conditio* of-au^haimiS^, tiiSil^iiXkksii ^gtt <l«ii1&e «aitoapri»fiMfertikve^^ of puUie lAailties. There is .„^._as speedily^ W£uses to which it is put, by perusing the " offi- eflort to develop the God-gtreothenltr ofles- lIEaibDM «frepealing fhe law agtlnrtcial" .reports of the proceedings of tlie Com- son f Such laws contempUte the murder of thrt^trieala^ or of having itdeelindmon Council, which, Iwhig advertised by au- the immortal part, and the redncUon of t}«d's tntional) as there is of tliie eleeikm"^'ffo^eplacej ooBime^tain.yiHon.HimMCobb,8eetettey6ftheTreas- thorityinthosepapershavingthesmallpst rationalcreatures,createdinhisowntanage, BxADTtotheofficeofOovemor.^Moneygiven ebyfagr«a(bi*wMnjIAldennen onfactesystem compiiteoiy labor, the maintenance ofDelirerrAfCityIietters.The issues raised in the United Statesappear,however.'Caanawe«k,maUadBixI>oUAKSaye*r.tbe HSm^OBK Tares laemUVttarh-t^" ''•'/ Mr. Cobb makes it a point to indulge in the 1 engine or tmclr houses, and in one case, where the white race, and the permanent welfare of Courts at Philadelphia, respecting the City as two leading estSbUahoMttts are cooeamed, foruwayd^ t«« eo»i«to ooe addresaibr I^''; "l'"": raoet extravagant language on this subject in an extension of* twenty feet was to be built, the bhtck. The removal of the abuses of the Postal delivery, involve a highly desirable 'ad- they iadigMntly deny soeha ptactiee • tbat of IumI insolvents.promise to prevent the election of a Republi- was granted permission to use .the second and parents should be prohibiti^and punished.iHt matter of conscience to leave nn- -^ Chambers-street, nothingformerly occupieddone, however ontrageons in ethics and in of our highest Courts, bnt now not used hy to improve their condition, intellectnaUy, as the mtervention of the Jndiciaiy. Tho De-Weshouldbe alittlelitical purposes. sorryand Tliese favorsof aasnmptibn ft Co., areJtWUHTTHXAntl—DsxAt 9v Saujtaon—Kcw-Tdu anarchy in revenge for a partisan and sec- BABHUVS tJSKXTK-Du and Evenlnc—SiAvui duties at the seat ofthe Federal Oovemment, subjectJudgeNsw-Teia,Fild^,Oct«,MM. tkeEiittrYtktJtewTtrkTimet:Your edltnlal article on "Boimwed tlumtt," governed hito-day'siimie,reOecti10nqjostlyontheladieaaft^iui WbaiI9Ii—JoaxraasdhisBsithkiui.BOOLXT k CAMPBELL'S, K'lblo't Silooa—KrotOFiAa BBUIAOniUTS.und^rthe impressionthat the casewasdes-worth;CAMAL-8TBKXT—No. sas—Wanrucz's Tm «* On PAnraoioi.only the Presidency to aends,arerecklessand saidofusthatweareconveni-VaSWB OF THE DAY.By the arrival of the Caatdian off Father Point we receive one day's later news &om Europe. It is reported that the French ^rrison in Borne willtocre onlg hired for the occasion, your remarksGau.':ktthreats and that he, as the head of the Finance Department of theprivatemeddling and that we areIfttPrince'sper^te and required desperate remedies,^So far as considerations ofupon to ask to yoomarks from OS la reptr.give placeto a few re-New-York couldbeingof commercial and financial ruin,wetime that this controversy shonld be settled ad-— prevented from giv-1'it fulforthetermsoftheactadmitofnodoubt- interpretation.public conceive, hig^ourcNaelwl-eTdork, customersandounetrcs,thatweAelRepublican by —{ 'foonded itsstated, but we are to assume that technicalof attention, and itthat favorsaredistributedbytheCommonCouncil, fornothing.]>usition of Victor Euanckl by developing aof the sufficiently suspiciousSecretary untouched the leading feature of the system, more questionable by the source throughVtaTAXi. did call the Piesident wlf of the Federal 'Treasury. Perhaps Mr. which is and labor. WhatBhrer for Ijnstrti. ns off the track near Myrick'spublicfinitions, why retain these ? Is it not clear where events most out the flatly pointedvaluabljB and vvnow, where the duties of the carrier are ful-'nother, no longer pass twenty-four hours at this statement, quoted from the^Rcv. Doctor, namH the Nassau-street office, but go to the nearest particular firm ; but it is possible an error may harea still lowerKrs. DsnrnrATni, of Portland, Mev%Klantom tration lias sounded hitherto.ex-qii"may, tlierefore, confidently rely upon beingSardinia.Certainly France, -as the mistress of Corsica,has a direct interest in fortifying lier insular positicns in tbe Mediterranean. But it isfairly open to doubt whether tlie possession of Sardinia, in tbe actual condition of the greatinland sea, would be such a fortification. seems to us more reasonable to suppose l^kthere was but one coUec- formerlyStation irfmiog. owing to tail. ywijiidiy .^^okeacontempt,deeptlianthat tlie system is made to present an odious tremeof hisin a sense.^tom off : |Cn. Pokd, of Bucksport, Me., had an ar9 bzOKcn ; an infant had a tulgb broken, and several fl^K passen were considerably buthave us believe to be a mere dead letter ?that the proceeds from jewelry, loaned by ada^the movements of Mr. Cobb. The plot of nied them. We have admitted thenew difficulty lietween the Kegalantuomo andhabits which the Pos^-office Department lias such a statement, in order that we mayfiremen then took entire charge of their own are abturd upon their face. As wellengines or truclcs, keeping tlicm in order ready be pretended that every Northern creditor andhii% itatea hose from streets running their legal privileges over their slaves.from Syria oikMoslem outbreaks, followingformaluse.t{JOwasappropriatedannuallyforacleanerof stitntcsfor lawfulguarantees. MatrimonyisnessontheSlaveryquestion.It will be seenMrs. Daasie, of Boston, has been studying in Albany under tbe lastruetloiu of Palmer the sculptor-girU the hose andin the Calhounit was ceivcd. But times Rave changed.eraUy used as adistinguished champions oi its rights, who m^»<nt«llshei in the of pie."enii.i»-^is onewould be weU enough to inquire how thesethe members of which, careful only for the ad-mony wouldfor what it isjectto be separated by thH force of law^, if thesi lies ot Konigsberg and Berlin, making philology and thenaturalsciencesillsprincipalstudies. For'some leaving the University, hr acted as Privatemight up, greased to exact of his debtorto have availed themselves, intheirsuccessfulresistancetoaninjunction, the Government may effectually suppress such-underetlxKistraitened circulustan,:es.Theyman can r^nember firostod feet and fingers in Southern slaveholders revolt at the exercise offor instantcoldness.Theywere allow- 'If it beto adhere toexistinglaws which the It attaches itself to the most dangerous fea-ment,which thecountiywith women who desln; to avail themseli-es of ed the smallest possible quantity of coal to South considers it a grievous slander on the which pleasure. its or with those who tures of Oriental life, and tho warningto obtain at times. Such a thing pass laws institutingincon- Mr. Bill from the editorial column of theher in- tliis librsry precisely the opportVmities. for -ide assistance, when in later years the sum of dividual acts of humanity to become the sub-wife and afollyre> simply unlawful among no how gratefully slaves, matterthat Mr. Bm-L acquiescesuieetiiig-r«,m, and the third as a that their masters may buy and sell them Stallkkecht,We give thesetliat the Constitution, prapria vigtre, tbat thej^„ n.vBs' ABCTic KxrswTion.aiaoog those interested, for Uhc organization choose to o<;cupy it for that purpose, and it is demands of the market may suggest.The United state.- Vice-lorswof rlsoocn foe instruction, sunilar to those not without bounds toAkin to thesemonstrous;their necessities but. if ourprivateopinion as such, in any of the States, oneverysea and inmark, furnishesthei^j^'^Sioe that tm P'^T^^'^^,, commander ofsay that many a young 'wiiieh have been maintained with such ben- mail has been brought to ruin thisfe^ures of \!uf\as it now exists, is the denial of edu- were asked as to the expediency of a general every Territory the Unton. The soundness of tlieby bunking system, eficent results in connection with the Mercan- system. Some of the engine and truck cation.difficulty in at once fflUog ap several classes there are few which have not excellento this sort in different of lodg- departments study, ingaccommodations,ofgeneral doctrine held on this point, I think cannothousesto bethe people, how barbarous and revolting to drinking, dancing and ^y-giving estaUish- the United BtatM eame into possession of il, prop-worthyscarcely pass andifworthless,itwouldsimplypassIn throwing out these suggestions it may 1^vancementofunscrupulous in the expenditure' of the public money to insure their attainment.withtheaffairswere true that the diamonds worn at th*Ball, which came from onr estaUUtawn^the Slavery question. But we have only exer- As illustrating tbe cost as well as the growth cised that freedon* of criticism upon the af-retain such odious and bar-station at once, and are thence dispatched to their destination.uponthe statute books?mendon^d. In view tiouscompliancewiththeseprovisions,would upenthejewelersofNew-York. andinbehalfofoarWhy allow husband and wife, and parent andchild, to be separated, if none bnt the worstthem ?necessity can arise for it, should be reservedFrance, once fixed in Sardinia, wouldmen- inwillsociety separateTheif anyauthorities in the State. BhtWesternStates,to thethe law of Slavery concedes it to the basest and meanest of nianlviiid, as well as the best,wlio are able to owii-or abuy negro;none butbad men will exercise thisGovernments on the subject of the Piedmontose attitude in Italy. It may well be that Alexandkr II. of Russia h;is recalled his Ministeii fruiii Turin, andObituary:°^The death of Pr. GxuBOX Sbroitkb, which occurredatPaterson,N.J.,()n Thursdaymorning,haaintestate orvery likely to prove- a Republican or even in debt. In the first case they must Departmentpost,hesitate todivided out the equally amongwith him through a largt' panEurope,enjoy-•that anAs a body, tlie firemen of this City have be made witliout sundering the dearest ties of than the 'notion of adischarged;they courted, tlieyilyties.jUlegethat the humani-pleted a map of the United States from ocean laocean, on a canvas thirty feet by seventeen. After re-and sohavefor that their four thesebuthave been so so petted,It is easy toof the South protects the slave;efforts, when the public, by encouraginggreat political power,possibleithis City for exhibition, this was seatto its Hen,tyagainsta mis-sevnal weeks at tha Herdiants' Exchange ofratechievous a competition, preventsdisplaythe Stock Exchange of Londoa. Thd map coatalaadrailroad asa canal la the country, completed orin Sizuse then he has executed models •(;equalpropertywhich they have so often merited, for the case, the law requires that the slaves shall be Catholic Powers of tlie world, assembled toAt Special Term ot tiie Superior Court, before cheerful and ready manner in which their ar- .set upon the auction block and sold to satisfy decide upon the rules of faith for two hundred not pay even upon the most moderateyesterday.Justice HorvKAN, the constitutionality of the Sun- day theatrical law was argued in the case of tho SladtTheatre. Decisionwasreserved.lavish expenditure on any side. It willIHM. Dr. SHBoana immediately applted hiithe geography of this Cootineat, and in oonasetloa with tbe Oeographical aod Statisticai Soeiefy, his abil-duous duties, 80 voluntarily assumed, are evercreditors, when no regard need be paid to fam-Ifinthisageit beginsortile library Association. Thatt^vould be no have free stone fronts elaborately carved, and nized as a duty of Governments to educate few men, who insist on keeping open their related to a Tenitory attoated as Oregon was, whentei attention has been caUed to the pieaent policy which makes education a crime, and, favor a less selfish and n^ he^eAd dincQffitr^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 1306940ttMUntitled Documentitpoints may presumed^expendedobject -willDr. idM B« dtiien of New-Torkof which, :,JSepniT8 were ordered to four for a time, may l>e riecessary to the safety of"^irsday,that ths ereaJDncterwas mMskea or misinformed, as taiupontbeesUtesofintesta^October 91, iftM. mTbeenters. He avows his sympathy with the l^owed new locations, in each case the boun- and, what is of more importance to the South, General Post-office disputes the right of that the bidignatlon of Messn. BiXa, Blaoc *every circle, bnsiness and political, which heai wiihont contract.Three companieswere8}-8temwouldconciliate the worid at large,justmentimportaiit qnestion.hiringjewelry.silent assent of the Administration at Wash- ington.houses were ordered to.beand ex- his country.streets it declares to be post roads witliin the denUmay be found for the deed they raptfiiate.It isis doing what he conceivA to be his duty to his party and his section. He possibky- feela Iquite lilcely that,in all tliis, iit. Cobb I jjewels occasion,coronet, were valued at aof andariee In Messrs. D. O. Blood A which they desired to be located be- it would soften the hard lot of the slave, winCo.,ing selected by themselves. In two cases vhe his auctions, and Attach him to his home and carry letters within the eity limits. The than the occasion wamnts, lor very Ugh* praee-tended. One newriage were asked for and granted, and in one indissoluble, either by thetie mesAing of tiie aot of Ccmgress, and as suchof the slave to be exclusively in the enjoyment of the themIllim^ahd|lbaU' of pounds sterling, and the fartanate IiOHliA jew- eler received $200,000 as interest far thdr ose. J^" KAYKO«> » CO., in honor bound to do anything wliich may company ; and last, but not least, one company The separation of young chihiren from their tering upon-or persisting in that business/to In a moral point of view, thbre is certainly veryother case orders were given to have the fire telegraph placed in the house occupied by theor the master, or by the operation of law,United States for the purposes of mail trana- portation. Any corporation or indiridaal en-We are therefore extremely in- credulous in regard to the reported dcmonslra-marriage capricethein hi*encouragedthem on acconnt of their: bad ventilation, as well as morall7 and pecuniarily. They should partment accordingly demands an tnjuction rowed, finery at. the .Prince's Ball; bitt Uhleaabe allowed toto sue andthat gang of traitoross conspirators who are estimates of the Cbi^ Engineer, f«r the nexi ilege would give rise to would be the cbnvfc* «Wo«e»'tlie injanctien for reasons, of public leience, except In so Ihr as they arc peianaUymeetingikfiran'THXATBK-HuHWATiUBorto'weshonldstiHraoreragTettofindhimoneof lars,and'astheyharenot'beenplacedinthejastioe.Tbeonlyabuse-wUehthislast^v-thatcitystreetsarelegallypostroutes,andintheinetnipolis,wedonetsee.thatthafarioter.'.to indtidB Sr. Cossin — thexategbry, though,'right,Messnr.4| Co., and^lfessra. Rtu. Mlaok.eittitU a deficit in the funds of the Depart- But this is done now .before«s B II—<K> Oiti»—Bob 9gr—SpxcTii BuaseaooH. tional defetff. Mr. Cobb may have left ' his ment, which must be made np hereafter. Tho courts. In any otheitease a negro's testi-sleepingrooms.will coat many thousand dol^replyttnAwr pmpoiedof otherence aie concerned, itis,heldpropertjrintheiroWnbe sued, and to testiiy in courts ofpeople;agitatingversely to private companies. The system of .eatingof this " Volunteer" Department, and the con- fairs of a portion of our common country City delivery is so clearly a portion of tliat comments of oar own mafwe find thatthe appropriations asked for and granted for Italy, Austria, England and France. In eachsystem throughcorrespondence overat apptied'to ourtelvu, lad we Uriak that ^aUe evety'respectable house in the trade can say tbe same.Yon can judge then, wha.t astooishment and aorU-fire-engines and apparatus, Ac; also, for re-tionsbe quiteimpracticable marked,;probably, feel it necessary hereatier to appeni re-themselvesand otherand forralbiia suspicions so'iinwamated aadsova-ofsupport" of the same, $60,000; for salaries,For the nextfiscal year, $70,000 areasked for under the first head, and $42,500 un-der the head of salaries, making an increasein one year of$14,500 for aVoltmteer Depart-ment, which enjoys privileges and immuni- the question of Italy is concerned it cannot be-U) of|38,{300.ties in addition to favors granted elsewhere, unknown.Sonthem Defensire Measnres.In an article upon the policy of the South, we have already pointed out what seems to us to be the imperative need of the presentThe European Sitnatlon.The news which reached us yesterday from Europe is of no ordinary interest. So far asEvidently^ for thisworthy.'We had already written to Rev. Dr. Trss la rnspiTa^As a eontrsdletlon and refutatkm of tfee Imjuti eut report, so fiv is w< are eoDcemed, we would thsak yon to publish tbe whole at an early day.viz.of her four millions of slaves of an amor pp- tria, on wliieh reliance may be placed in themoment,:occupiedthe same inspirations which are plied indefinitely.impracti-ftTlitftr WiarAU^KDod upon the Present on secession, it setms, has been conceived within cability of immediate emancipation, and hence his natural subjects. But this information, brought to the fnlfiOSient of its dnties, espe- Ah answer as early ss convenient will modi obUgB,eratiOD. QBaDtrespondenc also states thatIhonday, and dbtifild liim to detennine upon the the councils of the Federal Government, and the reforms -which strike us as needful, leave in itself, is made still cially observable in its disposition to meet Reverend Sir, yours respectfolly,eOQTse he would pursue in the event of secession, is under the activewherever all reasonalde calls for (Signed,) BALL, BLACK* CO. practicable, P. S.—Dr. Trae, being waited opoa l^ one of oarenlarged public facilitiee. It is only clerks, to know if be would to tte above, Undiyiep^to-day, said that he considered the letter budlU^g, beon ap- and would make no reply whatever to tt : that, undersadwe might seek redress in any way we thoogUMopsr. I) our letter to Dr. Tncs is insulting. We did not s*guidanceaadimessasUAe very fact of tlie matter Uving BrcHA.VAN intends that Mr. Floyd shall orderas Bie issue wquld be forced upon .iiim. ^Hr.beei'iiiaAB fqplcjt the best proof that it was in. ten&d onlyM alpBce of bravado.the Federal Army to aid the Disunionists, and needlessly harsh and cruel. This is admitted firstits attention ha.sthat it is and has for a plied to the subject of the City delivery, but no circumstaiieeE, would he give his aothotlty ;kOapt. HAsnKXZ, commanding the Spanish squad- ron on tUb Havana station, is now in tiUs country, comaSsioned by his Govdminent to^4^tract for tile construction of three first-lass war frigates inAmerican ship-yards.The staamlxnt train from New-York, from Fall tliat there is, in the,by the friends and apologists of the system,there,it hasalreadyintroduced avarietyisslatapin oi^(Waiihingtondispatches thatWeright to make the inquiry, no matter bow czsltad orthat the of the Union shall be turned Navytime,year pa^t been the jxilicy of the leading Eng- lish Press to put th^worst possible construc-evenof ameliorations, which arc still perfect onlyin theory; but wliich time, and changes of digni£ed tbe of any individaalover to the traitors who propose to subvert it.Mr. BccuAKAN win not leave a very brilliant letter of theintend it.t>elieve the public will adndt oarrecord at the best —law,practicetionupon everyact of the Goveni- existingpositionor circulates such a libel,who.origiBStes as it does, tkea-B. B. A CO.election, we have not the least misgiving.the last car which was ups<it, and dragged several ere.ite some alarm and lead men to plunge their slaves, and complain ofestablishment to be worn at the Prince of Wales Ball, had realized a sufficient sum tif pay the year's rent of the building thus used. In the Tnos'gersforgivenveryskepticismin re-naas The injured persons were in fttoy^and.the letter ofthelawrods on its side. Mrs. Dkinkwateb was takenlieingslanderedjlbeen made In attributing to a highly respectable house a reprehensible practice. In the other City papen.:gradually develop. selres as well as us.^but, if he has enteredsubordinJke! officers, willeven The strffet boxes arc recognized as a mostaffecting,his Adminis- As for the effect of these menaces upon theIn certain circles of New-Tork business they willfilled, collected five times in the day.prominentexecration andEmperor,advance toward a better method To tkt Editor qfthe Xev-York Timet : ;enfiAcingheadlpiig into the real perils of an election by when it is assumed" that they are as cniel asback to Fall River, wtiefc her arm wasThe others injured were taken to BoAm, and are Congress, to escape the apparent dangers of their laws,aniput-tted.exclaimit the judged bywhpunder it is mild and humane. But if Slavery ment of France, and to assume all sorts of evilagainst havi|ijgand insist that theupon this broad path of dishonor, he will find in practice is so much better tlian its legal de- intentions for the Frenchsaid thatany placedecisiveYours, very reqiectfiUly, BALL,event of foreign war. This cannot be done of Niee and to the of France, there are others which strangely suggest theSavoy Empire wisdomof the/*holebusinesstoGov- ing,formanyquestionshavebeenputtousastoIMIrpublished yesterday except by ameliorating the condition of the and it is therefore left to be inferred that Na- leaving truth, but^beiag usable to trace them, we eonMtake ^loiud be kept opeA as^a free port, in morning from our Washington currespondent, slaves, and conceding to them certain rights, poLT.oN III. is doing his i)est to complicate the ernment. During the last ten years there has no action. Now, we ibfI that a responsiiito pailr tnswhich it reaches us. Our readers doThe City papers, issued this morning, rqi«t a statement made by Rev. Br. Tim at a meeting of the and revolting aspect by what its friends would contrary to the theories of his Critics. We of the deposited letters daily, iliey are American Church Missionary Assoeiatleii, to Uie gSeetOn theidea ofother hand, if goodmenrevolt at thefor aLetters destined to go from one part of the City to an-probabilityactingdecisiveupon gard to the reported intentions of France uponemploy that abundant and expensive force, which will Government of Isasklla II. without upsetting entire success and e.\pansion to the sys-always thereby the foundations of civil order in Spain. tem. Ill theof lis various Governments, ba- niediately upon the breatin? out ol the fterolutlaas o^1M6 Dr. SBBOsn.i sided with tbe Liberals and resianeildisjiatiihi^. all connection with lii» royal patron, whoae tympa-and the real France, Austria, Piedmont Spain,to his rountry and take refuge In the United Str"believers. We live in an age not of theories but offsets, and it willbeidleforallCatholicEuropeinarmsto Insist upon our accepting a state of tilings which does not exist, and upon forcing man- goes kind to believe, against the evidence of theirmillionsofmoreorlessunrulyand, indeed, the public has no right toof the Government for its sparingities soon bq^to attract notice. In1896he com-in- stantly opoB-Jnie withdrawal of the Ottomanon the i.th. ttla that the family of Dr. SBSOrrxa ialeftlBPrrvaaal.—Mr. Samuel F. McOlung of Bockbridfi, Ta, was shot and Caiaily wounded on tbe IMb by Mr.The weapon was loaded with sqoirrel 8hot,aBa at ^vantages, feel intcr- heat their rooms and thaw out the hoee, so as part of her enemies to suppose she puts in we receive may well advise thoughtful Why Mb. Bill is Scpfortbd ix thk Soi.^th. which struck McClung in the neck and cut ttte^agv-aptod in its success and wish to lend it their' to have it ready for use again, and even this practice, what shall we say of her omission toto-day ef lar vein.disentangled sword.by —theprejudice of Federal rights, is therefbrethe lattermaiidycontroverts tbeto answar-forsUoOMtiMMeisopinion arerather than essential reasons havenotTiwould•unless the distinction beNew-York utd of the coontiygeaerally,whowtU.might learned to employ thealreadybeenannouncedbytelegra{^ Dr. SasAataaCongress comprising So long as they exist, tlie business will ntetiiies were with the reacUouists. In company withIt is tochoosingof which the Blood Company disease, which terminated fatjiJlybeoftheto meet theprogress.and de-aswillnnfortnnatelywhich Government un-; buiitU amd tttmUm a^olMteigwiderdertakes to transmitentire face of the country, that to draw a pro- per dividing line between tho two obliga-irresponsibility began.general reason, the whole business of City de- livery should either be entirely in one hand or in the other. That it should be in the same hand that bears the missive from town to town is exacted by the necessity of distinctlyof your ** offlcial inreport" restetday^ltbeprompt delivery of letters upon some one party a task iitteriy impracticable where two succes-fixing.accountabilityfor thesafety[Copy.]NsT-YoKX, OetlS, MMbeyondgeneral considerations,their ston for a rear."We were cognizant that such reports were citealat-city,i^oiaathe.of the undertaking, before the public has was a native of Prussia, and gradaatad at the Ualver^lie as promptinfancynaturallyyearsafler of Prussia,too infinitesimally divided to authorizemany bther patriots he foiuxd himself obUgedIscale complainofIn the absence of any dis- everypopu- lar wishes, to promote rival dispatches mightin the elevationsDepartmentpossible in Italy. The dreams of I'hiup II. be It is surely not so during pres- served. At the time of his ilealh Dr. SBsonaa wasbetrusted, therefore,five yeirs ago, hoping to be able to»i ith less intorriiptljn, a.".d on lPi'^efi1.'.teh^wn"s"taSaoSBThatpledge of energetic and intelligent improve-competition.suppressionotherwise than the Euro|)ean to week as a standing vindication of his sound- dres in Faamill RaU to-night.fieely they may bd allowed to contract, and no LAGjtE-ButK-DOK iH Wakt.—TheThe firemen now, with very few exceptions matter how faithfully they may adhere to each tung of yesterday contains a manifesto from without the interixntion of Congress, estab- who has had lo little practice.and secondwomen in the Slave States,frombeen forced to liveCity's generously floor, gen-other. There are four millions of men and the Association for resisting <Jie SundayrThea- lishes Slavery in all the Territories. This —Mrs. Gov. Moriran is the recipient «' » '^""who,hy private contributions, is together like the beasts of the field, in order been expended:gas .genervBoston by rerrived anU^A Teijr general desire has been expressed bunk-room or sleeping-room for such as separately or together, as convenience and the tion, who need $500 moreEdnaDeanPrortor^""^/f^Utenture, which many have pre- dicted they wonlfl alone require.(uU benefit of tbe doctrine held by some of the mostof from Earl-h^SjE^ CermMS th«ikstion to generation,havelawyers.It is stated that $1,050 has already on Messrs. Beady, Chxtox andIt is contended tiiat the Sotitti is secured In (be Wales. It was sent frpia•'^P^^^.'T'^P^' f^ (^^rru^—tre law, calling for more money to pay the is the essence of the Dred Scott .decisionttfiU diamond necklace, a prt .•sent fromft*TM"^the counselors of the Associa-||.^trntepauii:-^flag tbe TJnIon protects the citisen in tbe enjoyment of gentlemen the benefit of a gratuitous notice of his rights of property of every descrlj^tlon recognizedcontribution to aid in filling the pockets of a weU be!doc-trine, that the Constitution, of its own force, whlchisaaldtobe a wonderful work of artforooa;nts,tbaiitjrthfadc oC dlaciedltfaic.Ii^.know,werefiinirindficationyourarticle willproduce tha ladiea of amoi^iti:<> wfhowever, no partictilar firmr. Sale. McClungwasdrunk and Intiited on —aafc.aWeoat really think, homtmt,oondeained the wretched taste salof .Ooae Hew-Totk woaes who xpgfmtai in bor-such dsfie-qnenoe—a copy of which we give below.extisva^aeapolitlealIt ^.Jkwww.fultonhistory.com 