 *r-tomrmatton of your readers about tete far south-, so little and so badly appreciatod by tba a r i a friends sad pipelayers. This interview resultedwas amongst tbe first. After 11 iiplits teem a short time amount This note was te Rivieres possession for several in prison, teey were anychad out between files af aat-4«* ..*-. the installation of sad the rapte BaoWteahori of tea country.CongressVetoed. [From tee Albany Journal. May 12 1r Morgan has now (ttapoaod of all the biito by the tete Ltegatdesl)ssttarae. Hebaadecided act to sign the aiorvent bill. He has anas to thai onanhatonbecame hew convinced toat th* Wfl to detective to im portent reaps toe, amt mum teat to isought by its friends, tt to defasttve. because Mirule to debts due from trustees, guarc acting tea "dteaty 1 tomes debts, sad •Brar.iABT —John Williams, a tad about 17 years old, charged with having broken into the premises of Bridget McMahon. No. 377 Seventh svenue. with felwious intent, was committed for total by Justice Kefly yesterday.*4-•-•«tAte United States Marshal of the district, who baa pro- vided thorn a camping place with ossmtednbte sheds.One or several American vessels which have been cleared from tow sort and tubseeuentiy suspected of in tending ilfesul traffic to tbe coast of Africa, alter they badfavor of the nomination of the " Little Giant," and that teey assert tent they have been misrepresented by the Southern delegates at Charlesson.People—Ihs French Consul ana OXers bnprivnea—De- parture qf the British and French OsmnUfsr gat Cate st Mexico—Prospect cf the Departure of mamfiie rTsnteiw a cf Pmeer by the Liberali. mc. de.That unfortunate city has rnasally beea the sasee af aew oehrsges by the eJergy taction upon fibs propertias and liberties of foreigners, a knowledge of whtoh, toy persons living te other countries, cannot foil te be con- clusive proof thai the cay for foreigners to enjoy any se- curity where the Meateaa clergy rateOn tbe 21st alt General Ramirez, a chtoftn* the clergy, entered thai place, and our worst fears of esrsakiia < very toon realised. On every prevtous ocathe clergy have held amssaese tbey have not failed to give oa cause to recollect teem with sarrew.XX XL^ fHOIJB NO. 8650.rye auAVE TRADE.»I.—YOR, ^ . » « Fart lay ior.BW^tJ "JBaHapJ VBBBST M X lbulwarks ievoateC) when the hall M to be dedicated to the cease of btesfe repubhcaoism.puQiwryBaewaPa^BtJmTtjjjia. ^gaBPSsm f OspJCspVi to be a barMem, wptma> atasassr. ntan hsadnd n*t* iim FaeriesMstortt proved to be Ob* wTatare,alaraf 1 iaea, bate ta Phitaeataaia ai MaaV. 9b* aiawram crew, tor 8be west metes. Sse made a |lax tweive tobat,a portton «f the h abe said to be idle, as the Convention will soon assemble, They afterwards made their way wbh tba ahmor to St. and all dowbte aa to the result be put to r'tgnt.Reasons for the step are found te the present attitude ofthe Confederation towards thte province. Prcetdent rived bare yesterdayfewevafthe stover have boon before the Unitednewly annexed srewlnssB of Nice and Swroy. Orders bare been already t h a n to execute the pmn of a railway to be r a from Nice toskirmishes. The journal /wdepeivfcenM rebuked v»!rys»ni)y the pro* matt employed on the Hoor, and for that motiveA.\ U>-.VJTTFUI Marram.—On Saturday night the cries of an infant to distress were beard proceeding from a stok is the rear of the tenement house No. 127 Green- wich avenue. Policeman Ackerman, of the Ninth pre- cinct, was notified of tbe occurrence, and procuring thete taking from foreigners what money ho reeuwed ha fact, Mr. Alexander waa informed in the iner that hto prayers and protestwould not be listened to.aad teat if he«Gen Bamirez, steps weald be toksn to]grew eat ea beard, tbain (he RepuMicon Camp—The Radt.'ol Democrat Runmnythe Erie Canal—Th* Whig Replicant Left Oat in ike Captain General of all the forces, Ac. The Secretary oftot anted far tba tamae riverMio ataja*ofMarch11 Shegoteateryofftba(mbo teak eat heart a aail ap to the dayaflBisropcrtodthattherealcanoeoftbesenee from the ball at the Motel d'Albe. waa tlof a mvl osansdracy ammmt bte Majaasy«s Mb.obaiilmtaa of the report amt the foot of bvrmgbeaamude on tba day after thabaa,«?ve it anJtotr— lAetr BibuZe by ike Prm— Election of a Presidentof the UepmbUo-Baigxeim cf the <M Ostatea Orpmto-ssatea of the Jftm One--General Paei dsawsatei Secretary chairman of the Republican Committee of that State, cf Wmr—WW Be Aeeift^-The Bepmblk in Peace—Jaateafftsnraf Jbdte,4sn,Many facto can be communicated to the BMBATP tar teanot yet made ap, but it will be o' tbe same character ea thepreceding.Police Intelligence.tempt was made to eetabmtea police, nor to provide for theorganisationofamunicipalgovernment Thewhole object of Bamires was te get money: sad tete he set shout to raise by imposing a heavy forced loam. It waa ex- plained to Bamires by the British sad otter foreign Con-Oft Briaaan has iliabMhiit a portion of hit company p a l the BaaroBs a a i fawvaai their escape or recap- a, a guard of martaea from the Mohawk have ata •teemed far ante daty.h» Marshal ban added to thai fbree a guard chosento bo perfectly , dapping theirsjtotabb daily by thePAMS Miy 1,1S90.croix having been impitooned aad Mr mate their admission a test question. I pen their sAms assistance of seme laborers, he manared, after an hour's been treated with contempt, these two _a hct m tbe only ataracttoe on the geyof a thousand miles to seethes*,being ustleetded, eash Congressman insisting on his eaa ' ing side for Seward against all other aspirants.t h e mam - •jjajnah fmf •JrsaV^aft s¥ha^snl Ba^taajF^afarfFem t B A V M t - tH_ysrSeward s friends are, however, finding trouble nearer at home, which just now is s serious annoyance to them. the one who bad moat votes, although not a m*j®riiy. Tbe radical democrats, or tbe barnburner element in the republican party, have been making curtain moves of late that cause the Saward managers to took upon themtemaraCy clean, are bat sMghtly tatbuart, and have **• swans the repuJmve toabr and s—rwrs of our save population. They exhibit maiawtl signs ofof the Key.wit uadonttaaaly be, for such has been the ml who have gone to Iiberte; better eoto- te Uys of Florida with these orobtaratvor 1st the support team mata they are oat enough toThte will prove to you that Vesezneia, tired o* revelation.Two thousand men of the Federal troops, occupying and always afraid as she is of the sword, loons for ner with suspicion. An outbreak to confldentlly suspected sled to Canada Justice Connolly committed tee prisonerif Mexico w>re properly taken in band at icovntry and everybody doing business tn it are ruined.hr a toej Society.J. £ Gallegee, torGeneral Pa*z m ta the metropolis cf the Atlantic, <u>d posed to be all sound lor rtiair favorite, but a few daysyet ehildren, sad will Liberia will have to bef, — U M sPtnrbbssfBfMjKBn# Age 1"*W tishdhInterior. Foreign Relations FinancesCoward ia oae of those whig republicans that they are going to set on one aide or not- The friends af Seward, aiter great trouble, selected a delegation at Syracuse sup-watches for a mere trifle, a certain pawnbroker in this city, froau whosa tee greater portion of the stolen property was recovered. Jusuce Kelly committed the aacused for examinationBASEIscRATrrcDE.—Is the month of August test a sailor named Francs Cramer went on board the schooner Bio Grande, and begged tbe captain to *,'ive him a night's rest The master of the vessel took compassion on teebut I dare say that he reoo'tecta the moral of tbe thole of the goose that laid tbe golden eggs.It at very probable that Bamires win be off from here very soon, and that we snail soon again be enjoying tee btessings o' a more rational government under tbe libe- rals, who, although bad military men, are notlost to every sense of honor and decency.tyar City of Mexieo Correspondence.Maxim, April 18,1880. The Aew Krrced Lean—The French Population Boated—L legal Exactionsfrem F'reigmn Not a Ness Thing asMexico—France and Mexico in 1821—Rumored Change in the Cabmtt if Miramon the Coniucta for Fern Cruz—The Clergy Ont of Money -The Amnixermry ef tn euba\a Otoemed—Occupation of Zacaiecat by Vraga—Tht Piano/the "farm Guarantees' —Rejection of the Bri- tish Preposttioni for JhBaeMee—Jeers cf a Ciimmurrief Panic, atek will aail this week on a crane. The teat (hpv Stanley, is hi fort, botwffl aail en fibsOBI thssbaibbndbf* ("^vtSBbBdftsbffP "T^-^nStmmWkMJS £ 1 a f s \ a u l i £ s a J r Y T T S u **em s M U Q C i vcYabsbnWBir * :iaBSwHlbJPflBaww JaeMewstowe'-j OMI . » w ui a n faaitaa' oeedJttaa, having one of her an-outsider aai coasequently not in the palace s-cre'.s But jcd^iag according to reason. I dunk that the seiacU^u «f B'uor GaikgTohao depended eatireiy upon aa oic repu- tation of iioneety, very well merited, .meed, but withfound not very enthusiastic for Seward upon their arrival ct Chicago. Thia statement foil like a thunderbolt upon car- tain managers They have stece been on nettles, not know- ing what kind of a magazine waa under them. The caucuste-*** e i s aoon.atton.•hose venerable monuments of our past, but of so avail for the present.Now tor Gen. Baez. Tou wi'i discover at a giaace upon our machinery that we want some »u. atamial tact to control tho agitation of our political sea The President is an a-xeelieut man. perhaps t:n good for the place lusttion. Intimation bad been receive i that a delegate from next morning made him partake of breakfast. Shortlyt greent by Begmad or ftTbe Niagara a r m e d at Ltvereeol ABfil 30. !n tbe Boon of Lords, April 8 0 -ta.Lord Wodebawa, In reply to Lord <Tbe State Conventem of Decatur yesterday, after**oatwad from the tFaitod Mates OOle over twelye monthsago, and which ptted aorom thai harbor to Begin, was Sdocteof the leaders of tee party, they fear that all their- t ' ^dwi'mpy•i-f"-1' • "-if." i-w—i»—:-' |r.i—rFj'.gii^!fi»-'i.^u..-j..:ui,„.,.., I.I. .11 ...I .-• I . . . . I - 1 P — 1 . . I !LMI.II" " ^ " Y«bbr WO wan resumed.Mr Bsuttock ohjaotod to tte bffl, and fiBBBght it waaLord S. Manners naswiwiil it as a ''hottest' hill, badMr A MiJs said tf from tbe poor amterAis of the hflLa oonautntionnl aiesanm of reform ooukCbe moraotod, beThe friends of Doogtos in this city look upon the ad joumment of tee Charleston Convention an indicating aOar ZtrattcstOutrages by t\e Clergy Factim Arrjtal of gastirrr at la-Be feared their aflbrts would tbfl, osM, If so, ha should grre bia d«aded BegattTe to a third rondbag of tbe bill.On motion of Mr. Macaalay. the debute was again adTOM iA TSBfl' VISIT TO I^VaTRPOOL.Tom Sayera riatted Lirerpool on Monday, wbere be waaweeks, have been reported to the British Consulas being under smmtatea of the Spanish authorities toder that the British cruisers might examine teem upon' tbeaosst The manner of ted doing baa drawn forth a' letter from the Consul Generalof tea United States, whicfc baa put tee nation right upon ten slave carrying bosl- Bess, aa well aa the "right of search,' invited by the let- ter of Gen. Serrano—a very strong demment in vindiea tern of his country from indirect and, I presume, inad-control the republican party in the State. Be teat is a well known fact teat Judd was their csi- cicy and that although teey beat Long John on for delegates from this city, yet be anallyat Decatur.eratHm. He retains ail hie former military prestige—has never lost a battle—is a good disciplinarian, aad is be- ; jved ny bis soldiers in spite of his almost savage feroc: tyin enforcing'commands. Being born in 1800, his age advances with tbe century.President Derqui has called to his Cabinet the follow tog— IDr. Juan Pugoi, Secretary of the Interior.racalTod with hbsnsass wiUbnoJasw) The mattitad« reO u r A l b a n y Cenrresntwmdemen. ALBAS?, May 12, 1380.PVsM of thisGeneva, will be Ctobanded on the 10th May, but will be replaced immediately. The federal Council has resolved en the inatructicas referring to the Conference to be sent to Dr. Earn.Atestrtta.VanwA, April 30,1500.Count Appear- ond Messrs. Muimann-eMhoeUosaad Vey will be appointed Commuters of State.Fame, April 80,180C. The requiem of Count Stephen took pteoa without any distsrbanoe. Ten thousand persons were assembled octee occasion tt the priatfpai square of tee town.BscUjr.NAKJS-, April 27.1S«XAfter the destruction of the town of Cartel the royat troops returned to Palermo. A light between the ineur- genm and tec soidtors bad taken pteee at ^Icano.This last barbarous outrage upon foreigners te Mexico toa that Rose! * has orderedeeatres to >of aidit aaAprilupon the SBcend rmrLng of theto thatabaThe British stmon the 4thof war Raoer,m a t , and the Brtttoh3 0 -enta-ely consumed by fro yesterday morning at toe wharf near fba Rogte warehousta.We are adrnea by the steamer Isabel that (he tnitedStetea war steoBaar Mohnwk captured an American stoverOff tbe east end of the island, near Neevttan, having 530 eertate nomination of their man hence they are now begrota on board, and the prize token to Key West, where more sanguine of success than ever, tt ia stated here>ad,vi»The aprroachtec ObbsaniMfc m haw teaahsm-bteg topic, saxicrt—itemi iXMtM oy em ^wertoam preparations tor the receptiab of the crowd that to ex- Tbt esmtejao/Ae Amw WQ*f*t— pected being everywhere la progreas. The hotels havaof tee rtthe army of thiade Areco, about thirty leagues waat of tela city, and marched towards town. Sot they evidently reckoned eat forces «raid; which did net sp;ear A revolt was tear** x tee army, but it did not occur.There to rather aa uneasy state ef teiags here ao*. The election for Governor comas offfatabiat t e a weeks, and there is usually danger of an outbreak at sn m time*,only one party te allowed toThe Convention M trsaasc'lag its business by a Com- araee. and they are about to bring in the whole coastite-§ii '!IIv A(l¥UM iMORJXWG EDITION-MONDAY, MAT 14, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.iTaylor, Copt. S F. GrtBa, arrivedBoning from Now Orleans T!B B*. tad mmmommw mmagpml to M 0 Ro- M. on the 3th tastanl the Moam Taylor Star of the Wast honos tor Bauaaa.i M T snpmdanaoi aafsbwana wa as Hth snta her srrfral la port.OVa HAVANASAVAKA, May «, 1860. ammanmi cf a CMmm OooUc fa o/ JMbnh Wm Ym*ls—Am* <if »»•»»v»v »'»w^ew^ >wi"v»JsalteraVr aesr Ttiiiirfiidahmaml Serrano <m'M Sktmfndt—all made arrangements to coka-ao suchotanot accommodate the: i, and suitehte qsartors wm be furnished to ailTbe great -Wigwam'" is nearly completed, but ant yet paid for, a great many aubamiborate the building fund having failed to meet their pledges when called upon. In order to overcome tete dfflkulty, an admission fee of twen- ty-five cents par captta wiU bs sharged on SatardayPROGRESS OF THE CIVIL WAR. Illegal EMactionsmt MeMico.FEARS OF A COMIfEECIAL CRISIS.YELLOW FEVXB AT ACAFULCO.DEATHOFTHEUNITEDSTATES CONSULOar Cfctf af l e t k e . TeraThe Brttete steamer Clyde arrived at Havana on tee W ; from Vera Crux. Our sews by her Mto the 3d i pclusive, and from the dty of Mexico toThte Btolbgence was mtoagpJ to ea by Captain Griffin, which tofttktSl&oe TntfkBV NOB IfamMm tain iiam TTiiiwjiajir in Bamanm. dk.adwastewndammbamtedpaarSaner Don Jose do Mora, so xaul officer of the Admtete-raCre Body of the Royal Amader, botef ahaattooama , was on the 20th of March aoacred by rtof Spate with tba title of Cahalten of tba Royal Order of Isabel to CstoBca.A Chamas satferad by the garrote at Colon oa the 4th ittani for the murder of oae of ass fellows.hero from sorew fn- gate Emerald, of fifty one guas eommanded by CaptainMilne, the Brttmh Admiral oa thM steMoa, is u p e c u ibare Tory thortiy. She Msaid to be one of the fiaeat •bias InfibsBritish navy.Tour tailors were sweated at thatetty a tew days age, I to hnuo temned part of the erew^ef a PpStoshabwwr * okh sailed a short time ago from :ha port for the coast of Africa They bad a groat deal of aiooey to their posaomton, sad tt IB said they nmrderod the captain and mate of the slaver, and then stole the smney abohnd on board for the purposes of the voyage.they wi»urge the nomination of Abe Lincoln, and. failing ia teen: efforts, will go for 8eward, for whose nomination the whole northern portion of tba State is clamoring.Thames, whenoe they returned to snte port.The Spanish Ban* of Havana deereasedHs nan of ate esunteduring (be week ending tee 5th teat $?36.36S 64. The steam ferryboat General Tecon, which waa reIt baa beea rumored bora tent strong efforts will be made to adjourn the Conventteauntfl after the nomiaattena have been made at Baltimore, but with what founds tton is not known. Should state a movement be success- ful, it Will at once prove teat with all the sanguine bragDerqui, the sicersror of Gen. UrquJsa, to regarded as de- cidedly hostile to this province. Hardly wm he isan- suraied until the aitempted revolution was male te tee North.It is also believed that the Oonfederatloe was never so disunited ss at this time. San Juan has hardly grown calm after the attempted insurrection of last year, aad her Governor, untried, is still in prison, and cannot fail to excite tee sympathy of many men of San Juan. The Governor of Cordova, tee opposition candidate for the Presidency. Senor Fraguiero. m also a prisoner, and the tame may be mil of tee Governor of Rtoga, Three gov- ernors prisoners! Certainly, there is wanting consolida- tion , and if Buenos Arrca intends to strike, the signs of the ames are more than commonly favorable.The newB from the capital of Mexico is Istent to regard to theit waa to leave for T e n Cms aa readyatated. Tbe amount of te tween 82,000,000 aai H,000:000.the yard on the 28th uU.a m v e iArthur Ccmrnmg, a n ! bearing the flag of Sir Alexaader preference. It is generally understood, however , thattee negroes have been tended and placed a tee charge of tent the people of the South are almost unanimously inZACATnCAB, April 18,1880. caUau-RuEjftrtt to Obtain Momm Ctewmatim of a*W O m l u ENS B r l n R u T t P B TTtnn CBA ITrtl•manna I P t n n i TpurTiaPJB.^^r^fc*«» *rv* jr» ^ J/^P* *• •* ^••"aa^w anaaam wa*»-a*** ^a^^v nam omonsn] sposm brwosua* been despatched and sailed from this pert one or two worth over the Prsa and Tribune clique, who pro of all the land and naval forces of the, Uonfed-Dr. Ssiuio de Alvear, Secretary of Foreign Affairs. moved the barses from fibs cab amt drew bim In triumph vertent aspersion; because #aa> Serrano has always ad the SewardUa eroding Aoout tee Mejedimof the Kama* Dr. Juan Bauttou Alberdi, Secretary of tee Treasury.to fib* lramut of tUO by the merefcante, there aresare^ raiotherttobogirontoTomaassagm them is a afdamfid cup, worth £36.vacated those measures wbteh tend to harmonize tee two communities, as well aa ta bind with new threads tee bono s of commercial Intel cat.Wo have a novelty is the newspaper world hero which is pleasing the Cubans hugely. Within an hour alter the arrival or the New York maila your young Spanteh co- temporary. MI Nticitm, is cried to the atresia here by newsboys and sold at a doom minor newspaper agen-DckgoHtn ai Charletton—Mmqi Sent to Kansas by theNational RepjbHaanOoitiMml* la AH Seioani—IroatieDr. Sever© Genoa, Superintendent of Public Instruc- tion.Dr. Benjamin Yicterica, Secretary of War aad Marine. And, to crown all. Senor Don Junto Antonio de TJrquiza,whole, a iWoll, Telex, and Bamires himself, had previouslyus such lessons that there waa not a decent parson to Zacateeas but trembled at tee tenaght of baton saw mars under the dominion of a clergy chief.The atit,H«Jkftm<atet of Ttowwalookatetewbtob wttt not jaoavnmont with ro-thall be fully andwsmol. The men of the old'oountry. duU,ond saiesare difficultvteited the Atlantic cities, and had an interview with a BUdber of leading republicans about ton condition of the party in the Territory, f rmmgsl others were a portion of tee National Republican Conamitwe. and several of Sew.Newberg, who is charged, ia connection with Captain Henry Kviare, of Blount notoriety, with having defrauded Mr. Hutchinson out of a valuable horse aad $900 in cash. Tbe aemessBsasd alleges teat sometime ago tee prisoner gave his note for $l,ooo to Captain Riviere, in exchange for a draft on tee Swiss Beak of Paris for a similartee present year to tee clergy party, hestaes all their le-gitimate taxes and dues, notwithstanding tbe liberals haveheld possession of the ptoee#9ver nlnn mnibs of tte tema.But Ramirez was not to be Brttottatod te ate jiinpimt.BBdscut off a body of aoMiera te arrest sad carry ta esteemall those who grumbled The French Consul, M Laesate,to prosont, on them Morlolh, Banbmmh Mm cies. The Dahnnuios say this to a proof of their pro-Coid—I\xSeuard*tesliarfvief m Outbreak—The Maii- call Secretly Opposing Seward A Portion of theChicago Delegation Labelled Chtx i tots Movement* for Chase, dk. Tbe Seward republicans are atakteg a groat Botes at therefusal of tea Cnsrlsatnn Convention to admit tee Kansas delegation, and appear to hava groat symDstby with the delegates from that would-be State. There is, honovor, a pohey tn thte sates which does sot appear onthe surface. Asecretwhichbutlawpuiimanunderstandtoatthebot- tom of all this.War and Marine, Dr. Victcrica, is a son to law of the Cantam General.i London.gress in tee civilisation of tea age, and they give the new paper a liberal patronage.M e w s f r e m YeB.eEW.eXa.. •OB OAfltofttt C0BBSBFOMDBKCE.CAUACAS, AprO S , 1380. OmpTJto /*•"yoT'LoDtjoyJteiedscten AsOn tee entrance of Bamires with bte forces, the cityCongress wsa installed on the 8th test, but to tea pre-The Pans SonrKarket had' sent time their debates are of no interest whatever, with s Seward delegation from ghat State to the Chisagopresenting that the maker ofit was the owner of a valuableestate «n tee Hudson river. The note was not paid at its broken into, their money chests stove to ptoses, end teaGcnventton. It was then evpaateil toat Kansas would boadmitted before the assembttsf of tee Convention: but President's message, entirely'overlooked by the Speaker. since it has not, they are fearful that their money hastrade, egriculttre ssd smanaaaturea m the If you have your Levejoy and your Pryor, wa are not seen sent on a Tool's errand. Had tbe Charteeton Cm.OmmTA, April 30,1S40.Jury, aad rearing conviction she forfeited her bands andthe exception of soma high toned dteBussion snout tbamaturity, neither wan the draft on the Swiss Bank honored sums of money asked for seized sad carried off. Mr. as it should have been. Under these circumstances Mr. Alexander, tbe British Consul, aitempted to enter a so-Huichtasoa caused, the arrest of Croghaa for false pre- lemn protest against these pruiwiiitllega, bet hto officialtences. The prisoner was taken back to Xewburg for ex- documents were sent back te him with a oaaetoa for bim not to make further efforts to molest tee Generalventton admitted the Kansas delegati m, tee Chicago Con- very much to need of them, although wo hare not as yet vention could not have tee fans to shut their doors against token advantage of the "cede" to set:.» car psrltementery them- Bur since tee former body baa rejected them, the SewarditoS are busy manufaaturiog public opinion and working the minds of tee delegates into a belief that tee Kansas deiefatton should by all means be admitted at Ms editor waa retaliated upon and quoted, and censured Chicago. Stece Seward s frieada have been to the trouble of sending funds to Kansas to secure a delegation of teeand excommunicated; but Mr Bojaa had the good taste to 'Stote teat 'ties- oppose sManee to abuse.General Cordero and Seaor P. J Rates, until the divisiondidate, the by -law was applied to elect General Cordero,military rule. This alternative must be adopted at f accused had been indicted for grand larceny by tee Grand and it would be very much better tor all patrouble or ptsaonatlrni R is said by the teat be died of dysentery JIhis cattleGeneral Bra to dead.The .radem •small eaUs the attention of the governmentBico, St Thomas and |TTaudad—tee arr.va' and departure of messengers of the revoloticai, ted by its sonar ssamhar. the Mr- T arpte, aougratflteted Mr.Holgdon drew a knife and stabbed Cunningham, mfltottegGaaaralCaatroteteooaMamasaat.watteg for theaottoa of Congress. Congress waitteg for the action of the got, tba jpiMHiaitial waitteg for the action of I tbnwa? whosa.Puces of ssaatoa ssarreDoosly sag*.TMe City Lots aa«r. TO THE XDITOR OP TH* HDALl).omca BawjamHcnemrPassBteamnaaaCOWTAST,1 NswY onx, May 13,1888. X«f your paper thte morning it tosteand * Baaeo by Ephrtom R. Bobertoto tew a mfor 81,800, whtoh Is one of thethaithe eubjectoofteaMe!stances of the same kind cf work by the oommittee tek-A Frorr-K FBOM J'.-enc» —Amefia Morrell alias-: 8irafctern He*«***^»w^snnB>^MM^wBaa*SMBaeM*namBMe>•f HTM Bat KMstt forFtc'Jmg in Jltoar ef jsct to Adikes B AsDemccritic AsKSisteaj meFtnrAtewof thedolegsteahavaalready arrive1, an! ItM eipected that by Saturday aM tbe different engineers of the various machines will be hero to urge the claims oft.jn remodelled and ready for adoption.embody the views af tea vast majority of the roav^atmn, and their report will no doubt be adopted.There is a rumor that this government Intends to de-e!aresa Jtdependence. Many of tea ante of the grrern-:t are consistent w:te thai For example, when peaceand this province became a oona _Me partemof the Contedsratten, it waa singular, to my the toast,their respective candidatesBlteete, tn assembly atnominating Richard Yates Ibr Governor, and Francis A. Hoffman for Lieutenant Governor, appointed delegates to the Chicago Convention but without instruction* ss toThere a little dent* expressed hare ss to tba nominee,it teteg generally aonceded that Seward win bo tee man,although a strong reeling in favor of Wade and Banks pre-vails, which may eventua'y change the whole aspect ofaUairs, smash she manatee, sad overthrew all the wire to be sold. The enrollment of the National Beard—teepulling of the 'r .ends of the Senator from New York.Speculation upon the subject at the present time maymilitia—baa saw been revised, rhese things may be for independence—if not, what de they mean?bora will prove funto, at tbe boat, if the right mte is put oa tee track by the democracy.Gen Urquiaa retiree by expiration of his term of office, and resumes tbe care of his immense estates. He has looked upon ar another triumph of " Long' John Went the title, aad the position as well, of Captain GeneralThe Bomteatton of Yates far Governor, yesterday, •About the 1st of teat March, Gen. Pcmroy, of Kansas,Dx B r a s Oms MOBS —Detectives Sampson and Devonarrested on Friday night Captain St John Croghaa, of suls, teat foreigners had already paid four forced loans iain the payment of a snag sum. to Mr. Pommy by a mem- ber and an officer of tee Nntemal Committee, to assuredays, when it finally fell into the hands of the complain-ant, who purchased it from De Riviere en the tetter's re-diers who took them to their respective houses, one after tbe other, sad teen forced them to witness then* bousesright stamp, there is a strong nrobabSity that teey willthat'nis State should still own a fleet, ted it warns. Ofthe st ven vessete armed te tee war and owned by this province, tbey retain three reedy tor service, ana four teey have teased for commercial putposes. They are actsion or rejection may hung tba hopes of Seward obtain hard tabor, to rescue tbe poor Utile creature from a convinced that they would best serve tbe interests of ailProm the general returns of the etestkmo. scrutiniaedthai the Count de Moutomohn end bis brother have by Congress, Sr. Manuel F Tovar was elected President if isgthe nomination, and '•bleeding Kansas once mure horrible death. When fished up, the child was well nigh the foreu CPI-S of this place by leaving for the capital,fibs sovereignty efiQ toon Isabella.I t a l y .Tint, dpril 30,1S«0 Kmg Victor EsBacael wfl] arrive todny at Pistoja. To-hs> will arooaed to Loeea and BalBgna.S w i t z c r l s v m d Uoccupies sn important position. It will be well to watch exhausted, but upon being cared for by a nurse residing in there to represent the tents to their silitbtois TMey have she republic and Sr. Dr. Pedro Goral Vice President, both closely all movements at Chicago in regard to thte ques- tbe neighborhood, it recovered sufficiently to permit of its left here for tbe dty of Mexico, and it • sincerity to be without any considerable competition. Bet for the elec- j tern. As this money was sent by an officer of tbe Ni- removal tol tee Almshouse. Every effort was made to hoped that their representations and the entire co opera- tion of tbe foreign ministers at the capital may bring about some stops to prevent the repetiuon of such atroa- tiea But the fact n, there is little or no hope of aa im- provement in tbe Stote of things te tee mtortor of thai Fawn, an alleged fugitive from justice, arrived in thia unhappy country until foreign nations unite on a penny city yesterday, te charge of policeman Rosenburg, of tbe and restore Mexico to creer, by putting her under fo-e*gntion of Destensdo or Third President, tbe baCohng was [ Uonai Republican Committee, tee only inference that can ferret out the whereabouts of the unnatural mother, but be drawn is, that it waa sent by authority of at toast arepeated four limes, Congress being divided between i portion of the committee and there maybe other te- in vain. No trace of the woman could be found.safety 10 the civil party, without forgetting the serr see at Chicago. The Canal Board, in which the radi- for trial. While officer Rosenburg waa te Hamilton, heof the sword. Otherwise General CorCero is a very dig cals now told the power, through the in£ueaoeof came across Samuel Sprince, the well known receiver of only one of a string of occurrences of the same characterrufed gtniUamaa, and has been very useful in deieavng Lieutenant Governor Campbell, •Dtahehner and Comptrol- the rebels. ler Denniston, have made sad havoc with the whig restolen goods, wiio fled from this city about a month ago a little more aggravated than some others, whtoh should Pprtoce was en toying himself hugely among tne Canadians have ere this called forth the active interference of foreign and said he thought some of paying a visit to St Lotrta, nations. Certainly, if these facto do not prodoce some ac-Aixionn THSFT or Siva* WATCHBE—Raymond Earner, tion when ksonrn te the United stetea and I^sjaad, there recently &eierc in tee employment of Charles Phelps, is iittie bone left for on; for if tee present reewarr be to- jeweler, was arrested on charge of stealing, at lerated, there ia no reason why Ramirez, Woll, or somevarious times, no less than sixteen silver watches, otber equally clever thieves, may not plunder foreign reaidents of ail tbey have. Tbe only woader to everybodyThe old Cabinet presentei their resigaatj-n iauneditte publicans in their canal appointments this spring, weedIy after the election. This is a good practice, for Mr. to and his Regency sssoctstoB hava not been able to get the IL'St man appointed, AS .ar as the influence of the canalvar was only Vies President, and his new position of is concerned the Regency is nowhere—the radicals are constitutional President afforded bio: the opportunity of now running teat machine to suit themselves.a somewhat needed change. He accepted ice resigEA.:;at. and formed a new Ministry, at followc.—General J. A. Pass, forE. Pe»ea Velaaeo. forJ. J. Meadoza, torThe greatest annoyance of this affair is, they cannot ~*xr. tell how far their mciaenoe Isbateg extended,and whethervalued at 880. The prisoner, as is alleged, pawned tbe here is, tent Bamires has not exacted more than he baa.Senor GaUegoa in New Granada. Kill they accept? Were after the adjournment of the Convention, a radio*' was tber-:* not athef men nearer bom« to sppoist* ' am ac Leard to say, teat a portion of tbe delegation would beout COJCsuiting the actual cuvumstaocea. He is one of in >our city last week waste reierenceto that ques- fellow, gave him a comfortable bed to steep in, and theI OHDOB MOOT HASXJR,—About £So,oc» was taken *« now; bet without the prestige that our tec thou tend gene-the Bank on. ktenday. The Grey bound, Momurch, and rate, coioneM.commaaaera, &c, imperioueiy demand. G an. to turn the ce'd shoulder to Seward has been apparent U> ner stated that tbe captain gave him the watch, but tee Ltecoteshire have arrived, with £228,000. Paes la the only one who could balance the miliury pres careful observers, but its extent no one but those in the magirtrate was not disposed o place much confidence tesure, and—to my the truth as it Ss— the only one whom the secret understand. They hava beea exceedingly shy Ar Berlin, dunog tee test week, railway shares have about it, and whenever any statement appeared in thea raw of about 10 per cent The rate of ds- revotatomory party would surrender themselves to. There press to teat effect, tbey were wonderfully indignant A atBlumsishasbeentoweredfrom4. toS^. istbereal explanationof thesew appointment,and tbe largeproporaonof thisclass sysnrateizswith Chaseand Its) reported that the government desire to negotiate loud and teesasant clamor recalling the Leon de Feyaru n Banks. The friends of the former, through the assistance for taw Great Eastern, to take out the telegraph cable his old abode. If you ask whether he will come or not, tbe Obie Stam Loan agent in your city, are making con- people wiU answer yes is the mass, but these who knov siderable headway. By some process he has managed tetter, though few in number, think the 1km will prefer to work up a strong under current for the new Ooio to remain quiet on his l a u d s rather than to take the tteid Senator, iheae movements may all be uueet by some agate, tver? one knows his own business; but Gen Paez peculiar tactics of the friends of Seward; but they showought to think twice before h e gives a negative answer to very plainly that all it not harmony amongst them, and t i n snxtaos people. that there is a secret fire burning which may reaub in teeUnbapnily I cannot say that the republic is in pease; defeat of Seward's hopes at Chicage Watch the Conven bat the greatest part of the w x k is done so far. Gene tion.rai Falcon -Miss Nancy) is ia parts unknown- Tba west-ers provinces enjoy a certain WboqutUity. Ia the enst Delegate* Km Route foiChliago.era the tiger, te«st, General Sotillo, seeps the country AtBAjrr, May 13,1800.the assertion and committed the accused.Columbia county was secretly opposing Se vard, and tiat taarrj all of the radicals, which compose over one third of the delegation, were ready at the proper time to take up some one else.after Cramer left the vessel the captain found that h e sold watch had been stolen, aad suspicion immediately fell on the visitor o' the previous evening ?fo trace of the suspected party could be discovered until Saturday, when he was met by tbe mate of tee Bo < :r*aie and ar-That there has been a movement going on for soma timeamsagst that portion ol the repob.icac party >r the State rested. Upon being taken before Justice K* ily tn • priso-The Massachusetts delegation to Chicago, accompaniedby Gilmorek band, reached thte city at half past ten two dangerous wounda The parties ware immediately o'eseafe test evening, and were most entemasstioally re- separated, aad tbe wounded man conveyed to BaOovno ceived sad welcomed by a largo number of republicans Hospital. Hoogdon was arrested by the Eighteenth ward of thte city. The band performed several airs, collectinga large crowd. The delegation left at quarter past atevenlorBaflato.Untitled Documentw«uM »8 • 8JfB»cftot pt r WTwenty-auth precinct, from Hamilton', Canada West TheTbe enenmhaeeThe ejections ia Uruguay passed off without bloodshed.Dr Bernardo Berro, the new President, seem? to be readyto carry out the policy of bis predecessor. Though teatfickle people have approved of the next President byraising bis salary from 8,000 silver dollars to 15,000. theyrefuse to gtve the retiring President the grade of Briga-dier General, though this is virtually a continuation. inpolicy, of the same administration. The new Cabinet is was completely abandoned to the mom towtaaa No at-CBABGS or MATHBM—Brmra on> A L I P — J a m e s M.Caldwell, John Gray and Robert Gray, engaged in a tri-angular fight on tee lath ultimo, when the latter, te defi-ance of all pugilistic rules, bit Caldwell's lower lip off. you of tee then existing state of affairs ta tete capitalNaturally enough, the injured man was very indignant at the mean advantage teat had beea taken of him, and nude a anmptemt against the Grays for mayhem. Justice Kelly mated warrants for tee arrest of the accused par- ties, and on Saturday evening they were arrested aad held to bail each ta the sum of tl,000 to answer.STABBTBfi i m v , - T w o men, named Eimond Hodgdna and John Cunningham, got into a quarrel, about six o'clock yesterday afternoon, at No. 310 avenue A, whenTbe aB aaaorbtog topic is tee new forced loan, or, as ft to called by tee clergy, -contribution.' The Francs por- tion of oar foreign population remete te an excited ooadf tern, but a A w of teem, who have become tee tools of M. de Gabriac, end therefore the tools of thestriving to quell tbe popular excitement by j dilatory measures, which eaa only result to the < triumph of fibs etergy over the righto of secured by treaties, aad eaforced by thraato, and, in the case ofby tee actual seizure of tern Jenproof of thai teat I wiD give y e n s aabBashmt ef Baron Deflandis, then Plsnleetenttory to maxtoe, eated to* 21st ofa number ef Ietedest te Mexico had beea subjected, hepottos aad conveyed to tee station house and looked ap to await the result of Cunningham's lnjuriee.In atELteDay before yesterday I dropped yon a ltee iafermtegtethefatnre^Lems ratppej ho subtoetod to either war1'' ••**• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comh y l r vv.. £*L*1Z-owehlp by Rev Wm, PagfJy.ef Jtejeav CmT 188881-^**»••«• <*«ene to «•* 'church A . Buekbee, of Went Btrbofeaa. 