 -"V** ..<.*?Aim ..•li >W*ig»BW—W—WWW '•-"•'rnL """"' ".••6MMWWMMM)|5W^^!V»;° "WEDNESBit^.' ..•/*«srthereto, more complete than anyyet published. During Thewholecostwillbe$2'00,halfofwhichis,now 1To'fonifeK a guaranty for the fulfillmeat of thes« pledges.Prof.Porterremarkedonthepresentpositionfie.Ha<lo# •*••••*•• do* »•«-•• *••• CO a • • » • • • • * * oo»»•••»•*•• 25 DcL k. Had. C«BL 2 « I N . y , f>5i;tr-l suix <Jo»****•»•*•* GO. . . . * > • • • • • •Mo/tfc C*rolta« So»U» C»toiiio GeoT>»->« Loati&tna. 9••••10 Tetuieffreereach Richmond until toe morning of the 21st—too A<dl8*\ •»«*'».183 late, of course, tobe accepted.1plicutf d figures are difficult and expensive to fashion by carry ng out its objects. O this sum, §7}500 hai beenPOLITICbutvatpmeni,buttwothinesareknowntobetrue; all the rest is cbao* Tbe Marchesa Raimondi is an Austjian subjeet, her brother lately in the Austninof New-York, by whom it was first sucMs^fulIyfptit insecured, and the Society r vifcea assistance to make up the researches necessary for JBcompletion, a discovery \ operation in Rochester and WiDiamaburgh, Ne sv-York, of the Yale Scientific School. By the liberality of%s«-*s<3l e g a t e Cnarle««m C<nvention wfll consurt of 303 service, and Garibaldi is gone. The two facts, takentbe balance from friends of science, or those (associa- was made by the publisher, of which he gives an ac- though this has, been attributed to an English work- a friend of the in;Vitnt,io >, the school - was now e'x- giveaWtmber*,aefollows: ^^ separately,meannothing;but,placedthusmconjunc-tion, have a deep and terrible aignificanoy, from which_ 2f*w Jwrtwy.•••••• . J^TTTfc*••• •••*«••••» 41 Alexander Dumas, who, as I toid yon, is writing thetionsorindividuals)wishingtosharein,thebenefitsof countinaprefatorynote. Itcomprisesa curious col- man,whoafterwardobtainedapatentfor theprocess jCToirg somefortythousanddollarsintheerectionofTtmaiylnxd*.v*W»*at»». • • Ohio*27Mtnr.*<iotA........4 General'slife,willfindmatterforsomeofthemostJO-lection of papers supposed to have belonged to the Conranl states that King Leopold, as uncle oF Queen ered, in addition to numerous private letters from thethe object of which is to act upon the carbon, and by j on the one hand now in operation with three instrocw formsrequiredforu*e,intothestrongermaterial,mal- ment,whichhasitscorpio*fourprofcfeors. Taebudd-lfa#mebas*i**•••••«3 Indian*... !Jlinol». ••»•••••••-33 C ti «iurn......... 4 O ojon 3Total lfl States.183manuc pages, without the breadth of margin and shortness of line he is compelled to use. when lacking materiaL."to the Governor and Legislature of Virginia did notVictoria, has received an official commuiiioation of theprojected marriage between the Prince of Orange andthe Princess Alice. Tbe King of the Belgians is said mms), and in the well-known handwriting of Wood- to have invited the Prince to visit .Brusselswhen re-luming to Holland.—The Alta California publishesthefollowing Bacon'sconductandmemory,areinteresting(what- thehammerorbymachinery,i»ncbastheironpartsof givento-day $5,000byO.F.Wmch^»t#r,ofthe^ifovetxkPKt• Mirbj^pm. . . . • • • • . Wi*con«ialeable iron. The cheaper proceares of cashing and decar-hinizing are snbkitu.^fj/d^••'puddling, and then forgingthe bar iron into the various shapes. It is applied mu>oi IT:and library.chiefly to rmall articles, and those which by tbeir com- The ichool bad, beside $25,000 at Hs disposal for•'Slavery will be surrounded with a wall of fire, one*. Give him the cue to the most difficult piece of50-Vara lot 1,218 .50V«rnlot1,222.&0-Vwrolot1,760.JO49Waterlot737.... ...27131381Waterlot634.... ..6030Darwin's"Species,' M'Clintock's"Narrative,"&c. (wing%otheaccumulationofaspongyironresiduum,bisneighborsbtoo^withtheirhandsintn*:irpo:kote,musiCj and Tom in return gives you the thing itself." J»notthatquiteasexpressiveofaninevitablestrag- Americanctaract&rbynaminghisyoungestsonX^oorgo•within which, hke the fabled scorpiou, it will sting iteelftodeath.''50-Va*a lot 1,891, —Tbe.KtegofSiamhasexpreesedhisadmirationof Fii"hPTt-»tri»ctlot..16687 —TheLondonTimescorrespondentfromChina,Mr. jcducsdfrom theoxide,whichenvelopesthecastings grownoldinodecrepit. Heproposedthattheyshould..6039GeorgeWingroveCooke,hasinpresswithMessrs. »ndpreventstheapproachoffreshportionsoftho takeadvantageoftlrsassembledenterprise,andor-gf.-nizo ourrclves into an army of expenrnentcrs. O u r i-Jowpio^riehSinagriculturewasnotsomuchforwant of experiments, as for tack of combination in exoeri-'ti A hundred careful experiments on the samo Dgtnious and beautiful method baa been recently in- ; pointTcollated ard crmpared, were worth a thousandvented bythesamechemistnamedabove,bywhichIlooselymadejandayr^adovermanyyears. Hapro J r, '• . • *\ I noses to s^nd printed di'ections for some one expen-Jfl.OOOT. S-6t, '^7.... 2C0OVL-rii.ia6«...i.gle between free and bond labor as Mr. Seward's phrase of " A n Irrepressible Coiiflbt ? " One w an epioome of a fact—the other an epitome of the result.Washington.—The Alabamians are stirred up by a correspondentof The Mobile Herald to demand Bennett of our Herald fcr trial and death. H e exclaims:• • • • • t 'Blackwood a volume, apropos ;o the Spaninh invasion 17 14 of Morocco,' entitled " Conquest and Colonization in.17 1424146 N01th Africa."A sthisgoesIft.ftCO d o •,.5M:OOCai£ftrattt8tttJ<lo,t<cl»^w-yo>k6-, •;$,C<OBTook'nW«r.*rI. SCO111. Cent. RR. br,2fO Pacific.Mail ».S. K> —'', •**.........* J O " , • • • • * • * » • ••With a fair dog xnarkftwasirrega.s the change in to:;e Mail, which, from > were pressed for eal ae we can ascortdin, of either of the Comthe decline of to-dr? y who have just retn.r* Bath.-lied with the at fience between the i Pacific Mail openo freelv., ri.e mai at the Seco::«! qaoetionof drvidf-..<j a j e. 11 n<:'con Riv< underrumorsofahi Harlem Read, and t' about io commence The fare to Albany, by the Harlem Road from tbo frame cav^e ^|1 >hort, eelJer'a 1 the jeear Jiet was f. five. Therewas Guaranteed,which,1 The oJd rtock impro *were better, but the:;the Secccd Board thi • ciee, axd tie market streetafrertheeee«< demand fcr State S'c day are b&xely eustaigitiastort-Jf Sec. G •and 6V, of 18*37, at 1(3. without * ciiange 0f I wore : Virginia t*;jy •Centon Company. Ipany Preferred, 15| road, 70;-s70£; E-it, Railroad, :i7£^37«; Preferred, 32*e;o^f Michigan Central Rjem and Northern L auteed,15i-®15£;Pa' Central Railroad, 57 road, 56.1-2 57; Clevi—On the occasion of the organization of the DubuqueRepublican Club, a resolution waa enthusiasticallyad«p?ed that it would hold weekly sessions until a Re- should escape scot free ? No. ljet.the Governor of"Themortgagedportionsoftheabovearenotspeci- fied. By consulting the map of the city an idoa will be obtained as to where mot-t of the property is lo-—The total number.of newspapers published in Great Britain and Ireland is 1,041, distributed thus:publican was elected President of the United States.—The Senate of Alabama, some time since, passed a joint resolution appropriating $50,000 to aid Virginia in iefrayTDg the expense of trying and hanging the Har-per's Fery conspirators. The resolution has been tabled ia the House.—In replytotheviewsofRoger A.Pryorof Virginia advanced in the House of Representatives recently, •which protested against fie assumption that an opinion •B tbe territorial question should be made a tc3t of pofrioul fidelity, TheSavannah Republican denounces tbe* doctrine as ,( shameless,''' and asks whit objection" Is it right that this head chief of the AbolitionistsAlabama claim this man for trial. Let kim demand cated. 'The estate is valued at about $135,000, aud isEngland, 734; Wales, 25; Scotland, 138; Ireland, 129; his d;/hcu!ry is entirciy removed. It conwata m tue j *[.i.rA/_^N]i]c}i ,h to be simjilej and reqniriogli-.tl.eouday Briti?h Isles, 15. Of these only 51 arc issued daily, 34 tubttitutien of an ojcide of a vola'ile metal, as of zinc, of time or money—to each person who bas attendedof which are published in England, leaving but 17 for n the place of oxide of iron. As this i« reduced to the the lectures, or to others who wo-ild feel a willingness to unite with them, and be governed by the directionstherestoftheempire. Adecennialviewofthepro- metallicstatetiezincpassesoffinvapor,andfresh/-whichmaybefurnished. .can be urged by Democrats «bould the Opposition rally•under th^ fag of William H. Seward as their leader? difference between the rival champions lie3. Sayers'swhite oxide of zinc may be used for this purpose, or a j —The sale of the late Mr. Burton's library ia deter- the first, though published at $6 a copy, being all dis- nutive oxide of zinc. The metal condenses as it distills ,W e thmk, says thatjournal, " we can safely say forthe face, wnen he is out of condition, ik large, and some- Democracy of Georgia, that they are prepared for no what inclined to be pnfly. Hi3 eye is of the suchsurrender,andwillrepudiateMr.Pryor,hispolicy order—small,deepset,andinscrutable. Itismostposed of.—The brave old Earl of Dnndonald (better known asto be very pure, to that it is better adapted for chemicaluses, the manufacture of butteries, & c , than the ordi-.e^eiv case at much pen-omd inconvenimie, w is offeredl by Mr. M. L. Holbrook of Ohio, and adopted.and his chief,"—Petitions have been addressed to the Legislaturehis Autobiography, written with all the freshness of a boy, giviDg in it some interesting notices of the Unitedbonize 750lbs.of casings containiug twopercentof ascertain the least eepth of plowing for com; the rela- tive merit of planting whole or cut potatoes, and if carbon, one hundred weight of oxide would be used, cut. whether the seed.end or bntt-"nd were best; and from which 80 lbs. of metallic zinc would be obtained, others. But Prof, porter said that the experiment would be chosen after careful deliberation by himself«f; Ohio, asking them to appoint a day of fas'ing andprayer to atone for iu>e sin tbey committed by appro- imperturbable—either when he has just been floored,kinds, the library is very rich, and of everything re-lating to the. drama, in particular, Mr. Burton was aliberal and enthusiastic collector. Many rare Shake- States, derived &om a five years' service in the' Northtion, *lu<m ofi3c«t> be filled with credit and distinction serious doubts as to whether be would ever get up any during Pollock's adi: iabtiation. Ifii wus a proccincnt more. But-Jemmy Massey spoke up sharpiy to him,gave bim an extra squeeze of the sponge, and bo woke «»noidate for United Scares Senator in the unfortuiaje np fnmebo JC, astcniBaing everybody round the ring by—A report has just been published at Berlin by the learned Orientalist, Mr. Joseph Leduer, on tho Hebrewthe- Sp ing tho first volume of a series of American hiiitories, written in a popular style, and iilaatiatsd.fi*om ehoice designs by Perkins, Stephens, Herrmk, Luailey, snd others. The author is the Rev. Jacob Abbott, the well-known author of so many popular juvenile books, and the volume will be culled " Aboriginal America."enterprises of'en employ. He deemed it incumbent upon him at the close of his course, to give a sketch of its inception, ano show what reasons he-had to believe its permanence secured. 1 give yon his own woids as near as I can recall them,"preferring to let him KJ oak for himself:number, exprtsred uiudlur views, and, af;er a pleasant evening's diccussion, the meeting adjourned, without day.After all that has been said, aud e«p^cialiy after tbe retorts of the Je«tures which of themselves ehow to ur agricultural friends what has aet.a:diy l>een done—The blundering of tho Congressional InaugurationSIdlVX MTAT**.Klond*... .<«...., K-ntocW. ....12 Committee was rounded and complete. Its invitationfall's mysterious correspondent.— The articles in The Athenceum vindicating Lord•-..- © Alabama. ..., f»7A . . * . •••••••rid Mi**is**lppi . ..........4•tlajoori..To'ail5 S ft'M.1202^3 50 60-Wf**!^ CVCO,. «.•••••••«•.•••••••..•'— Tom> thewonderful musical talent in bis dtibvi in Charleston,schedule of the property of tho late Senator Broderick. The Alta says:ever may hethought of tbe writer's theory) from the unpub h-hed letters and papers they contain, are attrib-the body from Gov. Morgan. Take Bennett South. Procure a copy of The Herald for the past 25 years, and try him by that. Jf guilty, put him to death. Why sbould a mean soul like Bennett escape, whenmortgaged for about &8O,00Q."—The will of John Eoee, in addition to the bequestdifllcolties at H&mtibarg in 1855, being th» chief bjs fteady march to tho scratch. O-'d bauds exclaimed Library of the British Museum, which ho has been*W5 in•ompctitor of Oen. Cameron. He is an o^iay, oil-hand at the time, '* By Jingo, if it wouldn't take a Hindiau public shaker, generaily pleasiu^ in his stylo for a club to knock the ecne« s bout o' such a cove as that I"" W l y was it worth while," he said, " for the gen- n the four weeks, past, I need scarcely add coca- tlemen engaped here quietly and pleasantly in tiieir ments.^ But that. ,>tu muy know that the in-miaceilaneons auditnee, copious in language, per-Fpkuous, forcible and fervid. His' judgment in public Church of St. Geojge's in the East, London, of whichmattersisassoundandreliableasi'isreadv. thepreacher,theKev.G.F.Lte,says:"WhenIen- manywhoareunawareoftheintellectualactivityof—"Walter Ashwpod: A Love Story," by PaulSiogvolk, author of " Sebedtasms," is in press by Keiintilie pursuits to busy themselves with an outside terest in rids Convention, has aloiotd. a right to betered the pulpit, walnut-shells, orange-peel, and small PERSONAL. detonating en-.<-k*rs—some of which were lot off'during the service—were thrown at n>c; and a row of boys to —Mr?. Mary W . Dale of Philadelphia, lately de my left in tbe south gallery (headed by a man who, a3 ceased,hasleftseverallibera!bequestsinherwill. Iaminformed,wasoncebrought,beforethpThames Among ihtm we notice the following; "ToJames magistrates for rioting, and treated with kind and lib- Baxter, a coL-red Bervant, who ha.- h«;^n in the service eral leniency) shot peas at my face through pea-shoot-the Hebrew race, comprising, as they do, philosophy, mathematics and natural science, hihtory and biography, poetry, criticism, journals, «Scc.,—A clergyman, the Rev. A. A. Morgan, has sup- plied,in"TheMindofShakespeareexhibitedinhis Works," for ihe thoughts and sentiments of the dram- atist, what Mrs. Cowden Clarke did for his words inM'.-ma. Rndd &-Carlton, publishers, New-York. " Schediasms" was a series of literary essays writtenand he is to occupy my hon«o for three mouths afcer my de^ih. ai.d to receive his ur<utl wag^s, $20 per me^:h,dnriojrih&*time,besidehi*expensesforkeep- ing the bouse." Tbe second beqoest is as follows: " I give and devise all my estate, riyht, title, & c , in theone atom of conceit or pretense. There is no drawl- ing, no «ant, no muffling, no praise God bare bones aboutbim. Anditisraidthathepreservestheutmorit simplicity of tas-te without affectation, not desiring wealth, but not refusing a decent competence for hiseari'y ,be referred to. The book is published' by Messrs. Chapman & Hall, London.Iron in its various forms of wrought or malleable not one per "cent merely, but ten per cent, or even fifty her. olo age.than b. ever haj? been iu her p-»lmiosc days.<NEWr^O»«ft"®^n^'FEBKU ARY^-1860."O0MM£L•"•"• '•'•_^'Bm"»€aatth 1tje.OQ TjniitA Stxtt*4.60O Mi^H^.rf himfW Brooklju City -ICe'-ON.Y.-Geutraf0 1,008 Kno R R , 1st. Ml.OtS ^&'«-»9&. Cln. IGLOfiO M ich. CCIJ. Ft R. MMa.F.Co-4tft* Haa. At St. Jo R 6^)fOr<^.,L.icVVI 50 Cai.ica Ccurptmy.AW doJ09 Pac46> M; H. b. C m 0 C * • « • • • • » * • • SCO CO • m0 • w • » • ••Wvo - jofleblind—There is quite a coincidence furnished by tbe has met with great success in Mobile, where he has Mf-Glynn, has been bequeathed to Mr. George Wilkes, opponent of Macaulay in the William Penn question.T w o third* n«c«««:vry t o a choi.-«««TW.A^'» movement.* Decoy'* movement. Brooia'a "Union Conven-been dormg this week. The Register says:" This b >y'a ear is so critical, so acute, and his wholewho, it is understood, will arrive here in the next steamer to possess himself of the bequest:of iron or iron rnst contained in a furnace. Here they —The London Publisbcrfc' Circular reports on Feb- aie exposed to a moderate heat for a long time. Thew^nld be at the disposal of tbe institution.Prof. Porter closed by congratulating the gentlemen«ce<!'*••»*•*••"* ' do* •*•>••»•• • • <](?*• • # • - . * . . .do *»•••>•.. 1 CkO* •••**#•••• oo» ••«•••••*, O v » « • # m** # • • . CIO « • * • • » » • tt • • t • • tfv") .202negro boy, w h odisplayedsuchSO 100thm" at Bingkamton contained just as many delegate^as Joba Brown bad soldiers at Harper'rf'Ferry—seven- na+ure eo replete with musical emotions, that almost No. tj" Lot.ruary 1st, " T w o hundred and fiftybooka published $135 26 Water lot 770 ..$2718 during the last fortnight." A gratify ing feature of thisin attendance at these lectures on their enterprise oxide of iron gives up its oxygen to the carbon in tho in perceiving value in tho new movement before it'TOOwo 200tees, -without the " niggers.". —In1848,John*A.Dix,talkingtotheBarnburner*,instantaneously he cavchesthe thread of melody, how-ever woven into" the difficulties of the art, and followsit throughout with not a stop or sign of hesitancy.catt iron, and the product gradually passes off in,gas2WfOChic**ro&R.J R .Suggest an air that he has ever heard, he plays "it at 50-Vaialot 1,0.90.days; and heavy'ones are packed again and exposed a ,f (}, value of new ideas,aud, mounting inem, dashed t c::econdtimetotbeprocess. TheoperaioniadefectiveJforwaid tothefcCCtmipMbhmeotofhi«object^,wh^leof $300*000 to the City of New-York for the purposs of bis superiors, .Ttihn Brown, Coppic, Stephens &. Co., founding an agricultural school, donates $3,000 to theate pu& to ceath P—Tom Sayers can, physically, be best described,••ays a London correspondent of Porter's Spirit, by the word "sturdy." He stands like a rock; walks with his haunches on a firm, easy hwing; makes you fancy that " it's no use knocking that chap down— be'il be up aga*n before I can say ' Jack Robinson,' and, like the Titan, twice as strong for having kissed hift mother earth." That's where the chief point ofdonor, and $0,000 to the town of Rocky Hill, Conn ,on condition that thefie amounts be invested in farmsfor 1 he benefit of the poor. §5,000 is aiso donated to groat recent development of journalism. the Orphan Asylum of Charleston, S. C.The Profesor having concluded h;s remarks, Mr. H. A. Dver, Treasurer of the Connec-.icut Agricul- tural Society, was, on rnoti-m, elected Coairmm of the meeting, and Mr. H.-A. Pitkin of I^iuisville Ky., Sec- retaty. And an orj/anivwttioo beintr thus effeced,Dr. Townsend ot LOCK port, N. V ., offered a scries of reso-utions commendaury of this plan of a course Processor Porter and hiaelsewhere. The resolutions were adopted uoani-moiK-ly, and with enthusiasm.over, and it collected and cast into ingots. It is found A epceiki resolution of tbanks to the lerAnrers who had given their sei vices almost gratuttoualy, and in,dargerous, because you cannot understand the bear- ings of its expression. It does not intensify in gaze wher be means mischief, and so give you warning of the coming " auctioneer," but is the same—stoical,naryzincofcommerce. Inthisoperation,todecar- "Mr.T.S Goldnamedassuitableexperimentstospearean volumes are included, and among them is a copy of the famous first folio edition, now about to be rtprinted in London. Tho market valuo of a good copy of this precious single volume is about $750. It istheintentiontoissuecataloguedofthelibrary,suf-that it is his duty t<> dissect; Tins idea, in the stolidhim? elf hoax an? pan! .-ipirion in it. tie cannot com- way it is impies-ed upon his mird, never leaves htm lating in distant parts of the oountry.plain because the Repoblkrans thought him to be mixed until be s*es the sponge thrown up bv somebody, up unpleasantly with the affair, for fbe day. after the whether by bis own or "the other side it does not ma'- •ecurrence he came into th«r> Hill of Reprew-mt-itives in ter, as those who saw his fight with Xat Langham will companywixhEdaundaon,liughicgandchafingwish remember. Suchpowerofself-devotionto,andcou-American States, immediately after the W ar of Inde- pendence. Of the temper and disposition of the Ameri- can People, at that date, he says; "Thoroughlyworth much more than the oxide. An excess of oxide iflused in order to form a bed for tbe castings. The excels goes into the succetdiog operaii n. The com-priating five thousand dollars for drunkenness and debauchery, in thttt treat given to the Legislatures of K«rJ>tu..ky arid Tennessee.or the moment before he propels tbe! terrific right- hander that is to send to grass the unhappy "candi- date" who *tands before him. Then, fighting never was reduced to such cold-blooded, matter-of-fact sci-ar.d associates.Mr. Lewis F . Allen said that he had hud no doubbsof the success of this plan from the very first; and he bad come 500 mih s or more to *bow his disposition to> aidthemovementasmuchasuyinhispower. The nauies'ofthelecturerswereofthemselvesagoaranty of the value of the course, if Yale College had not cut its influence toward it.. In bis opinion, Yale Col-lege, with all her great, achievements, had never done "round "of the newspapers, to the effect that Mr. common teiiBe on the part of the Home authori'iee for at prices many Limes that of the common zinc. But anything so (rreat or important as in establishing thin—TheVice-Presidentmakes*astaf-maontrespoctiug enceasithasbeenbyTom.Fromthemomenthe the.E<tmundfonattackuponMr.Hickman,andclears enterstheriDg,heregardshisopponentasa"subject"bytaecontumelywithwhichtheyhadbeentreated hadfortwoorthreecentrapound. Thecommercial .ficientlyinadvanceofthesaletoallowoftheircircu- byformerBritishGovernments,tbeircivilitytouawas metalisworthsixcen<sperpound,butthepurityofcenDative energy upon a given obiect, renders him forks>, pai«i:>a ;u and oat wkh h:m, a3 if both were tho time, in my opinion, invincible. You cannot, by ical version of that writer's attack on Mr. JusticePeople's Pa:ty, is a resident of Cener County, where he is veiy m\wh re$pec*cd and quite1' popular. Thor- •nghiy identified with the interei-ts and feelings oftire collection of his original materials for the " History of Ferdinand and Isabella "—A " Penny Shakespeare" is omong the latest English literary enterprises—well printed copies of the plays beiig fuinisled separately to the public at this smallcharge. It.willprobablybeverysuccessful,hkethe twopenny Waveriey Novel?, of which, up to 1858, twelve million ehccts'had been sold, weighing upwardlets than three years.—The most out-of-the-way comer of Europe givesoccasion for an agreeable book from a lady's pen, justpublished in London. It is called il I Co-mum; or, THE YALE AGRICULTURAL Pleasant Reminiscences of a Two Years' Residence in thoIslandofSardinia,"byMrs.Darcy.science and strength enough to do the former, and come off couqueror. I am to.'d the Benecia Boy has tbe reqnis'te amount of aledge-hammer in i»is fists, his flexors, and extensors to do the Utter. W e shall see.in operation at Elizabeth port, in which tho first trials have been successfully conducted.,the people of Western Pennsylvania, ho ha» ever bc»u I Tom has been taken eft' his pins with " rib-roasters" to thou in eome so; t a xeprosentative man, charac- and "jaw-breakers" before now: yet ho always man-terisedbyr.^atloveofmaterialprogress,ardentpur- agedtoshakehimselfupintnethirtysecondsallowedsuit aft*r intellcciual and educttionil tlevclopmeut, between rounds, and come, up to the scratch at theandre*t)ei»sactivityandent<rprL»e,whichhivema.de timekeeper'scall,inarough-and-readvnortofaway that was not to be trillnd wu.b. Iu hia second fightWfcfct*m polli-icLiut* a n l public i»j«n persons of murk with Aaron Jones, for ins ance, some sporting lord/-• «verywbere. In Pennsylvania aff.iirs he has long (Diumlanrig, 1 think), offered Jones a pretty round>een wf )I knowr, though still a comparatively joung douceur if be would get first knock-down in a certain >at*»n. HewasaninfluentialmemberoftheWhig indicatedround. Jones,whowa-iaspluckyastheparty,andwhentheHOD.JamesPolioskKidelected what'E-bis-name,wentintoearnhismoneywitha wiJJ, and, regardless of consequences, gave tbe gentleiy thai organisation Oovernor, he was appointed Sec- Tom snob a straightener on the tide of tbe neck as not' retaxy of Sikte and Snperintendent of Public Instmo- only "stretched him prore," bat caused his backers literacy executor of tho great R. A.LECTURES.—There has been another disgraceful row at the in 13 divisions, the contents of which would surprisemovement on Agricultural Education 1 One reason considered national, I will state that there have been was,thattbeyfeltfbattbeyhadtbepoire*—suchasis legisten-donthebookabout350names. Ofrheseper* posfepsed at few other pouits in the country—to ac- sons, 172 only are from Connecticut, 23 from Massa-•f my laTe husband, Copt. D^le, and mysel', for 23 ers, so that £ was compelled to protect my eyes with the her C< ncoidanee. All the passages' that have an inde-SCIENCE, INDUSTRY, AND INVENTION. of her agriculture is estimated at sixteeu bnodrei mil- be wtll weighed in the minds of the Faculty, and lions. An addition of or e single y>er cent would be prompt them to not onJy give a tacit recognition, bat,pendent meaning or relation to a subject are arrangedafter my dea'b; also, I give to the said Baxter all my alphabetically under that subject, as a heading, forming.years,$12,00*.*,tobepaid to himwithinthreemonths sleeveofmysurplice."eaiverplate, furniture, n,oai:, &,:., for lr.aowuuse, ful. He looks like a man at peacewi-h himself, withoutMALLEABLE-IRON CASTINGS—A NEW PRO- CESS.uitadditionofsixteenmillionsannuallytothe wealth sofaras consstert wj-h"professional dates,take an of the country. active interest in the establishment of this dep-irtrxent"Did any * one-doubt the practicability of adding, Of Agriculture 1 .Tbey ni*y rest awsured that by so do- inR:tbey will make tbo nsime of Yale more respected in•—Mr. Spurgeon's manners out of the pulpit are cheer- a.portable treasury of the'.poet's thoughts, which canand I3th centnrics, i* the title of a new work by Cosmo propei ty known as tho Draw Bridge Estate, unto J . labors. Everj thing happens to him, it is said, some- Lanes, Professor of History in tbe University of Edin-.C Miller, in trust., and oo."> of the ien># and income what out of the ordinary course. When his wife, alterSeotiifch arehieology.2,000 bushels. Here is 2,000 per cent, or a twenty as spacious apartmenrs, as complete a muse am, library,times multiplied nroclutt, aj? a l-eeuit of i-uiil in cnltiva- and reading-room, and as well-appointed a laboratory,ti<n,andthewholestructureofEnglishAgriculture asanystudent howeverdiligent,mayrequire.And rests on tbo inrmp crop. with thia pleasing pro.pcct in viev, c^ogratulatmg" W e wc-re somewhat, ataTt'ed," saii Prof Porter, Profs. Poittr and Johosoa upon the success of their-tbeieof to pay the board of my old horse ' Sa<n,' dcring hi«life,andalso^lopernnmthtoJainenBaxterfor UP-wsrvkes in taking care of the horse; and in case theher marriage, presents him with a pledge of their mu- tualauction,itisindoublets-—shehastwins..Andas his Chri«iiin name is Clntrles, an I her maiden namedifferences hi the proportion of carbon which is made tounitewirhit.Thiselementicderivesfromthefuel employed in the treatment of the meral or of iui ores, and though the maximum proportion the iron can i ike—Prof.Owen'snewworkonFossilRemainsis anxiously looked for; il is entitled '.' Paleontology'| or eaid Baxter dies before the ho-ee, the cxrentor is to wasTbompson, he baptize* the twain by the names of a Systematic Summary of Extinct Animals and theirthe expedition. —TheBrusselscorrespondentoftheAmsterdamssheEorlofHoldernefs.AmongthemMr.Bohndiscov-itsremovalinthiscaseconvertarticlesfirstcastinthetors;andalsotbeCunreal,andAgriculturalDepart-50-Vwalotl314 M'-Vai a lot 1.U74 AA'atoTlot 1 2 1 . . . Water lot 784... Water lot T^fi... Watwlot 621... Water lot 718..... 47 08 27 13rLOW do......:.. 2.0OC Mie«onn St^te 'of 335 tuns.—Mr. Waller Thombury,—Messrs.Sheldon&,Co.haveinpressanewvolume of travels by the R*v. Dr. Prime, under the title of "Lettersfrom Switzerland." This volume might be called the third volume in Prime's "Europe and the East,"whichwaspublishedbytheHarpers. Itwiil containviewsofChamouni,Interiachen,theGieabach Fall, & c , drawn by tbe boot artists.NJCW-HAVES,Feb. 25, 1860. After Mr. MaKra C. Wela'a lecture, as I yesterday stated, there followed an address by Professor Porter.At.hcnmt.rn,'andauthorofarecentlively bookonSpain,isaboutwritingtheLifeofJ.W.M.Turner,the painter, Mr. Ruskin having furnished him with thematerials, which came into his possession as the—The same, house announce for publication early in. j make popularity which, the engineers of lees important future.O'bcr gentlemen, your correspondent among theemployed t'o catalogue and arrange. It numbers more than eight thor sand volumes, and is one of the most complete collections known to exist. It is arrangedM--"ScotlandintheMiddle'Ages/.'withniapsitlustrut-"Thoaverage haycropiscertainlynotonetuntothe late Art critic inTheand a sort of discussion upon tbe success of this plan of sen's untimely ceatj, h»-.d allowed tbe income fromagriculturaleducation. ProfessorPorterhas.modestly thatmmtort-mainforappropriationtothosameend.refrainedfromspeechmakingfromtheverycom- TheChairmanspokefeelinglyTOthememoryof mencement, and has btooped 10 note of those tricks to Norton, and foresaw for this department a fl*tteringf^19; Chicago and ffiinoieCenuulRailrTije market for tor this packet, andfor a close quontuoJ light, and no large li\^encewion. Sterliemploy •sera-one elde to attend to this duty. At the Geological Relations," and is shortly to be published up of it docs not exceed 5.' per cent, it I* upon the vary- "the other day, when Mr. Allen told u<3that the differ- experiment, I close my note-book, and write among Charley ai/d Tommy—thus doubly preserving his wife's r ence between the old breeds of-ca.ttie of the country, the rhings of tho Pavt tfris first course of the V AL« A O -deathofthehorsetheestateiato.gotoasis*erofthe patronymic. byMessrs.BlackofEdit'burgh. Thoscientificques- ingquantitiesbelowthisproportiontha,thecharacter- andtherubetitutionefimprovedbreeds,wonldamotiot iUcyLTVRAt.LKCTTJRKS.B<js,0.deceased." /The ram of $1,500 is left to the wa:tio^- —On Friday last. Dr. George B. Winship of tions raited by Mr. Darwin's remarkable book on istic properties of the different kinds of iron depend. to §50 000,000. Thig was altonArhrr to? modest aqd•~-~-FIRES.maid of the deceased dnriiig her lifetime, aftsr which Boston, the lecturer on physical culture, lifted, with Hie paid i-um is to go to the Hospital of the Protestant Lis hands, 1,136 .pounds, and is quite sanguine thatJEpit^copal Church, JD Pbi'adeiphia.—Ia a lecture on &•&»%&, delivered at the Farmers' ]K>nnds.Club, Mr Alderman Machi, referring to his TipU'QC- httil estate, «iid: " For tbe laat fix years, my gain as landlord and tenant on my little farm of 170 acres has been nearly £700 per annum. Even this year, withSpecies arc attracting universal attention, and an ex- Wrought or malleable iron is the metal as free aa may moderate an estimate. The rumber of tbe neat cattle pression of opinion from Prof. Owen would have be from all foreign sub>-tancea; it tak*s one .arjd a half m the country is estimaud at 18.000,000. Fiftyper c<nt of carbon and becomes st+el, and with from nvlhons of difference would be less than $3 per head,which every one be owe is not a fraction of tho real dif- two to iivo per cent it forms the varieties of pig or cast feience of value. Yet once introduced, tho improvediron. The metallurgical treatment of iron (beside the bree;» coit no more to keep than tie old sort Heie processes by which wrought iron is male direct f.-om is a difference of a bm.dreo~m>itions iigatn, at the least,•T)TAiJO!f.fCAL ATTEMPT TO BURN A TKKFMKVT JrOUSBI.N' ALLEN *TRKKT.About 6 o'clock yesterday morning it was discoveredwithin 20 days he will bo able to raise with ease 1,5500—Mr. Stephen Gardner, who di^d at Hinghan, startled . by the fcingnlarity of his theory to venture onMass., recently, has left a family consisting of 13 chil- dren, 0U grand-children, and 4!> great grand-children !accepting it.—A collection of the miliiary and political essays ofgreat weight with the rnasa of readers who ace* unableto refute Mr. Darwin's argument*;, though too muchwieut at i2s. per quarter, I have gained £600, after lowing story: Miss Louisa Jones, an intelligent and fender of Lucknow, ha» just been made. It proves eties of the metal. The pig iron is most ehhfly pro- agricultural education, givir.g tbe first raok to the in- No. £6* Allen street, owned by Mr. Edward Waring,payingevexy expense. Of course, much of this gain accomplished jounglady of Fairhaven, twenty-one that FOfar back as 1814, he clearly foresaw and warned duced from tbe ores on the large s^ale, and this is con- troduction of elementary miv-nce into the commonand occupied by e.'i'e^n familicH. The building ia five stories in bight, ana bbstwo etories undemca-'*h. or on the lirst floor, including which the hou.se may bo said, to be occupied by eighteen families, as the per-sons keeping the shops live on the premises. On Monday a vacant room on the third floor, frort, was rented,hasari«e» from st^tim-power, drain«ge, deep cultiva- tkm, and other improve03ent»; but tbe liqnelied-m-inure system has greatly contributed to this result.''the authorities of " t h e danger that threatened us in Inoia from our own troops," and, in bravely repellingveniently cast into molde, and used for a multitude ofpurposes, for which the greater strength and infusi- fschool, Prof. Porter lemarked on this nfew movementat Yai6 College. H e <«efined it as the Agriculturalrin;itwastobisoWnIsland^ofSantaMargbarita•• FIBK IN'TBIRTV-SKC0KDSTKKKT.one, not even L durst be first to tell the tale that i.i given abroad of the circum^ancts which have led to uris extraordinary determination—thi« solitary journey oftbenewly-married man. Onepartytakeshis version from the " Bride of Lammermoor;" another from a tale more ancient still, in wb<ch, after long combat, the bridegroom yields to the enthusiasm of one young, fiiir; high-born, and wealthy as the 3Iar-practical nien. Now that it was demonstrated that tho sculptress of that name, now practicing her profession (The Prefaces and Introductions to the First Editions oxide, and thus causing serious waste. It, failed, more- farmers, young and old,'could'be'brought out, no suchin tbe City of Jlome. of tho Greek and Roman Clusfcics). From the.variety, over, to separate other foreign matters, which is ac- necessity existed. 'Tho lectures could aud would bo —TheNaturalHistorySocietyofWilliamsColioge, oftheoriginals,it-will.form,unacceptablecontribution complishedinpuddling. Thonowandsimpleprocess madethoroughlyandexclusivelypractical. Seconclyhaving abandoned their propoped Winter excurtion to literary hittory, the classical editors of the fifteenth of making ca«t stool by melting bits of malleable iron -?An"Agricultural Museum, which shall provide com- plete illustration of future lectures by its collection oftomhwatd, this jear, now propose ah expedition by century being among the great scholars of tho time, as in crucibles together with tho proper proportioa of a models, fjro^ucte, drawings, &c , so that it shall not boAt 1' o'clock yeetorday morning a tire o»jcurred inFIREINiOUTY-MNTH8TRKET.desertion of hi* coDarades, to "be the sole conditionupon whichjthe alliance has been founded ! The »'ul-dendepartureofGaribaldialonefromhisisland,iaatpresent the fcily fact certain in the whole affair. In. with which it is proposed to make tho trip, startinga Xew days ye'tball, no doubt, have the full details-fnicceflsfullyconductedinthiscountry,andpromisestoBibliographers' Manual" contiins a Bibliography of effect great changes in the manufacture of steel, is the und a library to which valuable agricultural works Hi.d lot V o. 51 Woo»«cr-.t., l«x?5, *6,J»50? \hsotitorr * * *-'Second Montage liiyeara ol age, ban been very ill for the last four months,confined to her bed, and for the lust two months hadJwst the use of her lower limbs, HO that she could which in 1858, he lost hia life.Convention, combined with a collego tor instruction bility of malleable iron is not essential. l . is converted in which experienced agricullur au meet .for tbeir own—The sale of Lord Henry Seymour's cigars took be mo\cd only with great difficulty. 'She appeared to —Mrs. Ga*>ke)l is engaged in a three-volmue novel, toplace in Ps»ris as advertired, in presence of a very be failing rapidly, and the medical attendants declared be publithed early in the Spring. Too scene is hud in in exposing tho metal kept at a high temperature to a who assemble to avail themselves of,the advantages and was to have been taken posseesioa of on Tuesday.large assemblage of lovers of the Nicotian weed. The they could do nothing more for, her. On the 8th inst., the North of England, but the name has not tran-bidding was hpirifed, »o cigar being sold under ten fome friend v/ho was in to yeo her mentioned that the spired.sons, and in j^verul instances at fifty so'w each, even Rev. Joseph K. Bellows of New-York, a Second Ad- —" The Spiritual Magazine," No. 2, advertises in itawhen the lota were large. If James I. of England vent preacher, was in town, holding a series of meet- list of COLtents, " Prof^ Agassiz's Experiences," but dling furnace. The iron, when thus deprived of its publtc-fpijrited manner in which* it *'ad sustained thisYettercay morning, upon entering this roam, tho at- tempt that had been made to destroy the buildiog was uitcovered.Paper had been torn from the walls, and, with a<5oald revisit eanb fvr a day, he certainly would wish ings. Sbe immediately expressed a desire to see him, gives no hint of their nature. carbon, is hammered and drawn down by rolling into m.poitanr. educational movement. He deemed it of na- quantity of newspapers, bad been used in kindling ato •withdraw witbont delay in disgust at seeing his44and the belief that, should ho pray for her, she should recover. The clergyman accordingly visited her thatr tiorat lather than local interest, and tco succeed of the—A'' beautiful edition of the Greek S -ptnagint has thec mmcrcial bar iron, waich, by heatmg aud forging, enterprise was to be attributed mainly to this generous' bonfire ujKm the floor near tho woodtii mautelpieoe.Counterblast to Tobacco" so complexly disregarded",as that one mdividu*! should have accumulated, Jike evening, and MissJones describes her sensations during .of Christian Knowledge, edited by Prof. Field of this kind of iron alone ia suitable. It i« converted into P>of Potter remarked that he had been warned cendiary, and, from tbo appearance of the charred wallthe deceased lord, 10,000 cigars, and that other persons the prayer as similar to those of u person receiving a cbnld be found to pay fifty seaa apiece for many of galvanic t-hock. That night she arose and dressed ber-lately been published by the Society for the Promotion iu wrought into the endless variety of articles for which I aid or the Pi ess. * ' . Iv cid not appear that any wood wiia used by the in- 1 against encouraging any reporting of these lectures.tendtd for circulation among the Eastern churches, it while heated to redness, and then melted to foroi am read the report^ in True Tltmuxjc, instead of coming to .out of its. own accord. Tho paint was slightly blis-tbe celleetion.ffclf without assietar.ee, and on the following Sabbath furDJehcs to students "What was greatly wanted, a steel. New processes of working iron are continually the lectuxea. On.the contrary, lie had encouraged and tered, hut the wood work did not appear to be injured.approaching Boston in a chaise on Thursday last, was"Tho Cathedral Libraries of England," is printing a united with the carbon, producing violent commotion, limitededitionofabeautifulquartovolume,Prrc/'a-' andcarryingitoff;,butitalsounitedwithaeooBi.dcT-A thoioughly practicalcharacer. In ihe judgment of the lecturerp, though notin his own, somo trimming of failsh.sdbeennecessaryinthiscoursebetweentoee'.rator.King, Lord North, and others, a MS. letter to the Duke of Grafton, signed " Lucius" (one of Jnnius's pseudo-ing would contain, bes'de tbe rooms of the Eaifiaeering Department, a large lecture hall, a laboratory unstuv paned in tins country or in Europe, aud au agricaltural&mgress of publication shows that, in 1850, the number of portions of the oxide are brought in contact with thepapers hul actually decreased since the hist 10 years, castings. Thus the decarbonization will go on as long town of Wcthcrsficld, Conn., tho native place of tho the return being for that year 443, against 472 for 1840. as there is oxide pretent and carbon in the iron. TheLITERARY.—So rapid, for a work of Va character, has been the sale of Prof. Smith's " History of ihe Christian Church Literature and Civilization," that anew edition is bting put to press by the publisher, Mr. S'jribner;\mined on, and it will probably take place during nextFull. Few collections combining in an equal degreeextent and cboJeeness of contents', have been disposedofinthiscountry. Inhellca-lettrcsliterature,ofall L>xdCochrane),waoisnowattheftgeof84,publishesThe extraordinary impetus arising from the abolition of the stamp duties h«8 been the chief cause of tln3zinc is distilled off and is collected in the metallic state, and its ceasing to comeoverinoicatea theexaot. moment when there.i» no more carbon left in the iron to reduce•EngVah in their habits wid customo, but exasperated mon yellow oxide of zinc, suitable for this use, can besomewhat constrained, yet so thoroughly English as tothe article produced by this process must give it a much—A foolish paragraph is going the interminable convince us thai a little more forbearance and higner value; indeed, zinc of this character is soughtBuckle has been pro*ccurcd for blasphemy, on.account might have averted tbe final separation of these line even at the current rates, the profit on U"ie zinc is alone ofhis"HistoryofCivilization." The.storyisamyth-1•provincesfromthe"mothercountry.'' Therearefew sufficienttopaythewholeexpenseofthedecarboniza-Agricultural Lecture s)«:<-ni.Mr.S.B.Parsons,ofLongLland,thoughtthatan experimental farm would grow naturally from this movement; and if it did, and it were properly con- ducted, who could prophesy the national benefits which wonld result-Mr. judd, of The Agriculturist,gave^his unquali'iod approval of tbo mauer, and promised the :^d of hiff paper to the fullest extent possible. -Professor B. Si.liman. junior, raid that when he s a w all this cntbueiaem •und good f>clin£, he could not belp recalling the by-gone day» of l8dt5,'M7, and '48, when the ifcte John Pitkin Norton and wmself had,after much trouble, <ib aiued the recogninon of an Agricu:'ur.il De- partment from the College" officials. H o w tremblingly1 they two b*d started on 'betr work with their licrie col- lection of apparatus! Their first class of pupils was verytnial!iunnioher,but'-illitsmembershadachieve! honorable reputations Tbe'r begirining, small as itwas,wasbiiifduetotheeuiiyhtonedviewsandgeaer- owi? enthos'a»m of 3fr. John V Norton of Farmuigton, who contributed $5 000 toward a fund to endow a PJ o^essorehip of Agricultural Chemisty, aud, since hisalive now who can speak of those times from pergonal > knowledge.1it«, ^who ha» he«:j noriruitftd for Oov^rt.or by the two things—blind bim or strm him. " Onld Nat" had them MSS; and others ot"great variety, forming the en- told in London at half a crown (G:2£e.) each, within the Le-gis'ature of New-Jersey, and works are alreadye^tt&lly well pleastd wi*.h the transaction of the even- severity o'" punishment, divert his mind from tbe one Coleridge, already mentioned in our columns.jog before. The Vice-President can sympctthiicewijh rndiviced idea .and intent of ultimate victory; and bis pooT Tray ! body i» so tough that 3 on cannot wear that out before you have demoralized the lcsr« material part of his or- « —The Phtfo'tephia }Qoith American says Mr. C>ir- ganization- . To beat him, an antagonis: must do one of—Of the "Reason W h y " series, comprising " En- quire Within en Everything," and seven other workstion.These favorable features must give to tho new pro- cepsan immense advantage over the old, and without doubt lead to a complete revolution in the manufacture.—Mr. Prescott'a bequest to the Library of HarvardCollege has taken.effect by the transfer to that institu-tion of two hundred and eighty-two volumes, some of of a similar character, over 170,000 copies have been A cpmpany is organised under a charter obtained fromiron, cast iron, and steel, presents the properties of aper cent, if the knowledge in possession of the few could be made the property of tbe many ?When, some time ego, 1 wanted to take a course of agriculturalitstution,Iw«sforcedtocrosstheocean,number0/differentmtijils. It issngularlyindtepceedive of the civil and ecclesiafctical divisions in the 10th to unite with other metals to form alloys, and its usee tbe a<ro, je* two and three tuas are often realized; because there w.os no suitable place at home. Toauks100 per cent increase is cere easily whhin our reaci., to Prof. Porter, his associates, and the generous friends are not multiplied by such combinations, as uro those of j The average turaip crop in New-York is less than one who have contributed their money to atd them, others copper, silver, gold, lead, tin. «fcc ; yet its range of use- hundred bnth'els to tbe acre. Mr. Gold tells of a care- will not be put to *bo tamo straits. Wichin a fewburgb, and tho first living authority, on matters of ful appiications is wonderfully extended by the slight intly measured crnitin hinxiwu county which reached years from this time, Yale College will baco, probably,the oics) has chielly in view the chaogiog of these in tbe item of cattle and hortes, between knowledge that a diubobcat attempt had been made during theand igvjorance." previous night to destroy, by fire, the tenement house — The New- Bedford (Maes.) Standard tells the fol- Sir ITcniy Lawrence, tho gallant, but ill-fated de- projiorlinns of enrbon in order to obtain desired vari- After dwelling briefly on various agencies ofinto malleable iron, at a heat which destroys the shape mutual enbghtenment, and at the same time give theof tho castings, by tbo-puddling process, which consists benefit of their lecture* and deliberations to young men afforded them.curtcnt of air, the oxygen of which combines with and remocca the carbon in a ga»eou* state, while the body of faired metal is stirred abouft in the hearth of the pud-The Professor returned cordial and hearty thanks to the Agricultural, Political, ami Religious Pre^s Of Con- necticut and the whole country, Jor the lihwrul andTrinity College, Cambridge. Though primarily in- fctee-1 by being long exposed to contact with charcoal and newspapers, it. was evident that tho fire bu3 gone' People would sit at homo in tneir cnimuoy corners and—The Paris correspondent of The London Star she attended church. She is now enjoying the best of critical and beautiful text of this most ancient ver- proposed, which, for tho most part, are only new appli- desired it. Any other Cvurt6 would be as if tho Mr. Waring was the owner of the ill-fated tencraenyttrites*.*•Lexers from Italy speak in the most mysWione terms of tho apparently unment'onaMe, unnaxouuta- ble, morecotmuible termination to Garibaldis m*rria«/c" I&was not his yonug bride by whom he was accoml panied on bh- passsge through Turin to Genoa. Neither vtfa» it, toNieetbat he was ba'rtening. It was bis daugh- ter Teresita with whom he hnr ied from Pino to Tu-health, and lelisbes tbe heartiest food. Tho young sion, conformed lot-he order of tho Hebrew original, cations of chemical laws.to control the proportion of tho farmer should/....begrudge his seed. After return- m.useinElai street. Had.tb.io fire goc v,j»d«r waylady belongs to the same religious percussion wich the preacher, which is an indication of her system being very sueceptible to the influence of imagination.inonehandsomeoctavovolume,atamoderateprice.— Mr. Bcriah Bctfield; M. P . for Ludlow, the poses-ng thanks to the Convention for tho decorumcarbon.Bessamer'splanofconvertingpigironinto oftiewholeproceedings, andtotholecturers manylives,wouldundoubtedlyha*ebeenlost,asthewrought iron, intended to toko tho place of puddling lor their generous aid, ProfeBeor Porter an- fire was probably lighted whea all the inmates were-sor of one.of the finest private libraries in England, waa to boil the pig iron in a deep vessel, ami force air nounced another Convention and course of lectures ac-kep. The mattei is under invocation by the Fire—Dr. Hiram Hosmer of Watertown, Mass.; while and already known as a Bibliographer by his work on through it from this bottom. The oxv gen of the air ;or February, 1801, its ft atuicfito be as follows: First— Manhal, who will co his utinOBt to ferrot out t^e per-seizedwithparalysis,anditisfearedhocannotsnr-thatbewasdirectingbissttps. Curioo^lyenough,no Mve. Dr.Hosmer is thefather of the celebrated tionea.ad Editionfs Principe* A-uctornmlClassicum abloportionoftboiron,burningorconvertingthisinto probable city auditory aud thopos«iblo-audionceof.,, . -/, LSI"<lHCHto the coasts of Labrador und Greenland, as far Erasmus, Aldus, Mauritius, &c. Tho__ subscription carbonaceous salt, as cyanide of potassium, is designed necessary for a lecturer to talk of anything hereafter valued at $75 was destroyed The lire originated onehesa Ra mondi, and finds betrayal of has cause, and north ps Disco Island, for the purpose of studying tho price is £ 5 5?., and the London publisher Mr. H. G. to present to tho iron just the quantity of carbon re- without being able to point at tbe same time to"the the upper floor, but from what cause is unknown.,natural history of the country, and making collections. Bohn,. -. quired for the steel. This interesting process, which is thing itself, in the sbap6 of living animal, agricultural implement, or real vegetable product, or ltsreprosentaApartyoflOwillbeaccommodatedintheschooner from Boston June 25; and beingy absent three months.tioninwaxorplanter,or oncanvas. Thirdly—AretidinK-room containing all tho agricultural journals, terihiy bv A. J. Bl««o».«>r, y^n it Co.: Ko»ir-*tory brlok booW—Thc[iifthpartofMr.Bohn'seditionof"Lownde'sRKALESTATX.—Thefollowingsalesweremadey*»-edJtiofcB, pi Jnaim/H. Itilttie, Hfi4 Yfvlkfi jejftting iJlYtfltioa of, pjiAfrican chemist, Prof.A.K. Eutoi^ ' fJHtfjTbi iMti a»th*y appear, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069hou*t> ond lot No. 78 Morten *t, 2H%m, »7.!W ; roor-»tory bric»- htvuewidlotHo.13S24-at.,;t.ii;ci*» %\ttwt*The making of malleable casting* is another process a boildmg. This building wan dori^ned to accommo- date ile Mathematical and Engineering Department,firm of Wmcheeter &c Davies. In additsoa to allthis, machines, of harness, and a multitude of utensils in a r-ew Bubscr'p*ic.n toward an acricnl'ura! museum common use. The practice has been to firft mold the bad n> far pr< greased that abundant means for pro- "The whole offthis, ss-ve $10,000 worth left to John uted to Wm. Hepworth Dixon, the acting editor, and pieces in cast iron and then pack t .em in a bed of oxide enrirer f>n Sthirle col'eetton during the pre.icnt yearWafer lrt 512.... Water lot 29 Wat«?r lot 30 50-Varalot1,134.Taxna »t Wo. o/Lo*. Taxedat 200 15 Water lot 771.... .. 27 13had been demonstrated 1.0 tho whole world. That waa , • . ; just the difference, between the man of enterprise2«o' 71 Water lot 772.'... .. 6705 activity is considered to he the steady demand for the_ u *.— **L _ J*>* •*• *-7.***MW« ^ C n « » r>v*/*»• TVrwt »',i'i/1iin rv>..133 60 and were only rendy t.» *t*rt when tbe new idea' hadIP 4&i North Beach No. 5 11,16;100-Vara 80 18f:l|lfiO-Vara243 G705100-'Vara2«3 8701100-Vora16 •••**»*K 0710;(Partof)25 6.765'(Partof)25 603.9'100-Vara2860 392<:o do , &> do..***,,..,,. 420 w * « * • • « • . . • • .2713Folaom-Htrrotlot ..6044423 80 Water lot 632 ... .. 33.7713 81 Wutox lot 7ttl .. 20 49 mation, aB O'iphant's " Japan," Tennant's "Ceylon,"Smallarticlesarethusdecarbonizedmnineorten,^ .. t L (,^^f,,f . Hejudged quickly : tnew editions of hooka of sterling value and solid infor- ••«>*• 7t t a t0<xide.«n more and more sfowiy, till it iiiully stops; hence the necessity of repackingfortbe larger articles. A veryFrom our Own Heport«r.incrustationincreasest h e processTHE COURSE CLOSED.through several 3 ears ia The Knickerbocker Maga- complish something in this direction. It was the name 'hubcits, 35 from New-lV~k, and the remainder is di- and fame or Y AI.K COJLLKO'H, equivalent to a large vided between Indiana, Kentucky, Vermont, Ohio, zine and The Home Journal. Pan!'Siogvolk-, usually money capital in such an enterprise. Pennsjlvan a, New-Jeisoy, iSew Hamo-dure, Maine,rbfencA to by Clark of The Knickerbocker as a Rus- " In view of tho immeus ty of the Agricultural in- Illinois, Florida, Wisconsin, Rhode l<*laud, and the sianPole,isgeneral'yunderstoodtobetheliterary terest,itwasathingworthdoir-g.andtonothing (^rad-ts,EastandWest. ConsideringthatmtheUa?name assumed by a member of the New-York bar.could the venerable- College more worthily lend its dergruduate Department of Yalethere are only 502 etu-aid. Ftve-sixths of tbe fixed capital of this country is donfs, do you not tm'nk the regular a'.tendaaee of invented in agricultural pursuits. Tho yearly product r.er.rly or quite 350 at the Agricultural lectures shouldOn Monday night a firs broke out iu the dwelling of obn Tunis," No. Ktf Wect Forty-ninth afreet, aml^ cforoit ceuld bo extinguished a quantity of bedding A—»ZtA15. Freights—To Lonetcs Beef at 6s.; i0«i To LiverpocL 25"! 0-32d.;175balesoc Lard ** Eteamer at 35a.; 150 .v-boxes I.oJ any on private ter\ taken xxp to load ai 6V.,andRosinat•'-The bushie=a of|1<»4,S81 88—for CuJC8-1 80—California 150,09. The diabt accountofPcst-Otii. The notificaticn $200,000. The ball reduction of two iu accnmuJ&riomThe third week tral Road showsFa;uin»s o f . . . . . . .. I>ecroasr.,. The receipts of ta«jthethirdweekinFrtu^ogersFre^btMftilard Earpre**.Total.. The Hudson Rivoi<rfabou< $19,000 ovc, By the laet *U".--ireceived notice of ft pa)mci.ts in full n< Freehvud Bonds paid now below .*,2,0t"»;payments and the a i» alK*ut $3,585,0tkl ing cebt, which cauf 1857, has beenpiii the debt will be re^uand by other me. charge will ce fullythe road. The recoil are efttimjated at $'-'.^ We annex a comp^(exclusive of gpecic) j . lor the week and =im|^or thr wf~k•Fivriouklr reported. 81uc« J*u. 1. A. C. Loomish-is St., commenci'g "* '^ per lot. Jehu Mc< baeement high siotn »ide-of S6vh et., ah5th and oth-a\j-., il deep, lot half tic bll two lots on 80uth-ca{ den-st,Brooklyn.b\ and 30 feet on rear, diatety, Mctti>. ,t\> and lot north si,o-.Brosdway. Taberna^ house.iio'vOO,lot98. oaleofeightlotsrm 7th-av and Broyidw] a building loan o; $.1 bousestolieere.\vd\The bu^ijits^ ot :h| We have no charge] supply is abanda'u^ d the Erie Road h*so( Court to j\«y tho i'i ,/'www.fultonhistory.com 