 0NEW YORK HERALD.NEW YORK HERALD,~~T~WEDNESDA Y, APRIL 25, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET._ .. .. ,_ ( rOtpe«nin.«g *o#ftthe Anniversary KSpoetn—An f tfhte* rural dfisatricets-—Mawworms who rely on tionate friends are nuteh thethe proceeds of their spring raid upoa the me- which moved him when be resigned oeTmnJ A M E ltrrtcu a. w. coawmt o»ftASOAOAMP rox.ro»VolXXV..Ho. 115 States. Our H vana correspondent writes that anioet brutal assaui hai been perpetrated in thatcity on two tailors,»elonging to an Amerioaa vet- s^linport,byBpailahaoldiers,whoweretakingBiatedunderftleaderwholaequallyorMr.AminidabSleek,oftheJournalqfCom-ofthemmayhavetogotoworkandearntheirnothinginparticulartoaUeadtoatpresent, tbeir to the lock-np »«»f leln/ Intoxicated. Thia fanatic i n t h other extreme. I t can-O O H D O I B K S M B T T , E1XIOR AMD PBUPRUtrOB.trip on the 22d inst, with a fall complement of p« angers. Mea-urta were oa foot t o in* crease the acuities o f the mail and postal fa lit - between Cuba and the Unitedgrace 1860 has already been chronicled in ourco'umns, and for the next two weeks tbe metro- rofc to perdition, going to tbe devil, in point and they therefore took the dkeotion o f thejjrcaufnjrra THIB nvawtno AOAwnrt o r MTSJC, rowtemaBiauya 04.»D«II, Broadwaj — I m m u i BMU.to be subdued * he coming Presidential cam- palgn. And • caanot b e successfully re-aovmvr i* m OARD»«D A M .originated in 1839, and have since given every year, of the doings of the various societies. We have already commenced our portion o f the Work by despatching our reporters t o thepan dirt in Carson valley! But according to asKmblagaa, v . ^ ^ tbe present appearance o f things, and unlessA CoimoN SENSE Hoauxr m Coaqsmuv-4 complexion one or all of them.may come a t new light • breaking in upon Coa^rem. 1 *tuiu* OMJU-U. Tnot ATOM. W.H£( X I THEATER,LAVKA •ATI.THKATKM. jus aion-How's Towdaylight, to front of the office of the American Southern ultra- are as fanatic and a s danger-•ATIOWAL goavwr SALOON, i m r B , B n i w i M As.TRIPLE SHEET.T o r * , W e d n e s d a y , A p r i l M , 1WOO.Tbe Police Commissioners met yesterday. Mr. Pilsbury has resigned his place in the Board, and it is expected that the Governor will fill the vacancy to-day. A plan for dividing the Police district among the surgeons of the force was presented by Commissioner Bowen. Some conversation took place relative to the reinstatement of the mem-bersoftheoldforce,butnoactionwastakenon Judgingfromallthesefacte,andfromcer- thesubject. TheSergeantoftheSanitarysquad 0cmoralizingEffectofAbolitioantisim upon tainrumorsinwellinformedcircles,itisquiteworld. Our earth produces the largest crops, our air flies the highest balloons, our waters float tbe fas test steamers and clipper ships, aad, toflnltohwith the elements, nobody will deny that we get up some o f the most extravagant conflagrationsandilluminationswithwhichan individual is likely to come in disagreeable contact this side o f eternal perdition. Steam has become our serving man, the lightning our errand boy, and, to employ a local term in a generalsense,ourbroadcontinentis"grid- ironed" with railroads which carry to and froby their speeches than in addressingselves to the subject in hand, legislationnot be productive of any very satiafactery re- sults. There never has been a session In wbichn farof**'-from fl ,750 per annum to $1,5 00- to take effect on |» brilliant talent for preaching, so frequentlynumerous for mention, have not found, of late, that readypecunibus recognition of theiref- forts which is desirable, and, in fact, necessary, for the carrying on of their business in a profi- table way. For it Is strictly a matter of busi- ness, this yearly raid on the sinners of the me- tropolis, for the benefit of the saints in the provinces. The Bible Society, the Missionary Societies, the American Ahtl Slavery Society, the Tract Society, are all in business as much as Mr. Stuart, or Mr. Tiffany, or anybody inbreasts of his colleagues. Their conduct for the last two months must have suggested grave doubte to the world whether the majority had received any teaching at all. They have acted morelivesavage?,obeyingtheirbrutalaad sanguinary propensities, fcthan like Christian gentlemen, to whom a great and solemn trust had been conSded. The country has beenof Ma*-a< huaetts, for Chairman, and one Vice Presi-the 21st ifistant was 7,532-a decrease o f 120 asinvent, improve and progress—sowing mind and reaping wealth. We have talent, energy, enterprise and opportunity, and whatsoever our hand? have found t o do, we have generally done it with all our might "Advance" is theBowerr-^BoBurH o o o -felt at Havana on tha 17th hurt.Theprisenghtforonethousanddollarsandthe championship of the light weights, between Ed. Wileon and Harry Grfbbea, came off at Biker* i*land, between five and six o'clock yesterday morning, in presence of about two hundred specta-Against both of these extremes the conserva- tveelementisdeterminedtoarrayitself, a-xi willarrayitself,withamillion and a u-.if «f votes, in the commercial, manufacturing and mining States of the centre. They will not be ralhid to the support of any paper platform,the Tract, Bible, Home and Foreign Missionarysocieties,andsoon,withtdirectionsto obtaininformation as to their collections for the year.The balance sheets o f all these societies aregenerally made up to the 1st of April, and fur-cal views of things, and to talk common — n Bow AmericaUaeaKl*etrlrity_Tne Time HearMr.WinelowofNorthCarolina:—Bali aad T.Ugrapha Fire alarm. Be was earlvtaught last therewerethr»people h* ooght to avoid all am»»mnZr^ir_ Oa-—IixLiijrdent, and on* Secretary for each State.' General compared with the report of the week previous.funds in reality to support a parcel of loafersA't production, all In thel5 h bvt, ftftiwas •' ate sailfld on her return iatence, mus TOway b f re a fiuiatio propa-cial Itter - t Tli"? neu ste msWp Matenzfts, the pioneer of a new ine l <aUtanzas, arrived oat ontteir aaint an dnstry, all trwa*doneatthecootshranceofthecaptainofthenotbeoverthrownbytheequallyfanatic vet^l, who looked on the scene of brutality, aad idea that negro slavery is the necessary foun-a»w his men beaten with the bntta of muakete, dation of democracy, and the guarantee of oar pricked with bayonet*, and dragged to the lockup liberties, and tbe one great good of society andmerce. ,-« own living. Think of Amioidab Sleek at work we propose, i f he has no objections .that he Itisourintention,asftmatterofcourse,toonarailway,ortheRev.Mr.CreamCheeseshouldbethemanageroftheeoaabjgletigioem continue the very copious reports, which we digging a canal, or Mawworm washing out anniversaries, to keep order in teomtotermyn*in a n insensible condition, suffering from tha civilization. In proclaiming these fallaeiea, the WOODda they had received. This occurred in broada draw. A full account of the affair It given in t m nominations. Tbe representatives of a mi-sion, what an amount of ridicule and discrediti<» Low,SMftOt.,47Ludfat*BHL the1stofMaynext Next the Board abolished exposepersonsofhisclassamongthoweaker U..MM. *a/r * Co.. U K!U WUilam street,Pine.. TjansiM, Baltwtn &Ov ,S piaoe de Is Bonne. the offices of storekeeper of Randall's and Black- and gentler portion of a young clergyman'sU-nwrona .Ui ftng, Starr &Co.,No 9QUMI stnai. & Ataart, 10 Excluafo street, Easttic Asylum and Bellevue Hospital. Mr. John Fitch Harden had formed more than one acquaint- a^XB*.nt...OaCbapeaureavaftOa. . wasappointedSuperintendentoftheworkhouseanceofatendernaturewiththefemalemem-fl.rea Uasiac, Bal'i*«. iOo . a ruoOpmeOk.paBroadway or Wall streetis that when one <buys at a Broadway shop, hegetssomethingforhismoney,butwhenhe LouisNapoleonIsnothingmorenorlessTbe ooateota of U»» KraorKsji. EDITIOH or m HIKALD in place of Stephen N. Drew, removed; and Joseph•riU ooabne in* aewa recetTed by mall and^si.'graph atbers of his flock, eventuating i n two or threecasesinpromisesofmarriage,andsubsequent changes to take effect on the 1st o f May. Moses threats of legal retribution foV violations oi theE. Crasto, Warden of Riiidalis Island, was also re- same. One of these pledgee, however, he re-Ttie SJewra*well's Islands, and the clerkship o f the Luna- congregation, it appears that the Rev. Jacob1 Keene was appointed Warden of the Penitentiaryto*oflkMdurtntUMprevtoesweekandaptotheboorof' i n place o f Robert J . Wamsley, removed-bothpursuethatcourseinhisrelationstohispeo- ple best calculated to enhance their power—in a word, which have demonstrated the fact thatwhichtbeexcitingscenesoftheRomanam- phitheatre might be supposed t o have pro- duced in the minds of the spectators. On no side has there been a thought of the moral ac- countability to which such pastimes lead. The) factcannotbedisguisedthatpartyzeal, drowning all sense o f patriotism and indi- vidual malice, rejecting all considerations o f decency, has thus far combined t o render the Thirty sixth Congress the most profligate, the most violent and the most shameless of anymoved, but no appointment to the vacant post was deemed, it i s said with some reluctance, and Chax'.tBton jesterday. the Committee on organiza- made. The whole number of persons in the insti- under threats of law proceedings, and he mar-ftttheDemocraticNationalConventionatti*rep<r'edthenameofGen.CalebCushing, tutionsunderthechargeoftheCommissionersonthan a live Frenchman i n Yankee breeches. Gospel in foreign parts, he may be giving his We a r e emphatically a live people. W eCashing, on taking the chair, delivered an effective Ihe cottaa market lacked spirit yesterday. The me* little together, and then, it is alleged, very un- at home.address to the Convention- Considerable * discoa- dium and bJgtter grades were unchanged, while the lowersion took place on a motion to the effect that the quailtles continued to be heavy u d irregular io prices. happily- Five months subsequent to the mar-majority of a delegation cannot compel the minor. Tbe sales embraced about 600 bales, on the basis of 11 x riage his wife died, after a brief illness, under ity to vote with them as a unit, unless instructed cent for m ddtog uptande. Flour assumed unusual acti- circumstances so suspicious that a post mortemThe religious societies have had a very goodtime of it in Wall street for the last quarter ofa century. They have collected in that time order of the day. The old succumbs to theof man, whic -a tyr.1 • glslation, all social e xMEvangelical Revulston Ahead.,gandism of *•> xagger t- d idea of the rightsThe anniversary epoch has duly commenced.Th-first gathering of the saints for the year of while tbey continue to allude to uses sinners roast; but his fellow (^omatauoaers wore of8 o f i'self destructive o f allwho are utterly lost—pilgrims oa the direct opinion thalhe was not so good a cook aft theyhuman rights.This is the r t mania that is to be met andpolitan press will be imbued with an evange-lical tone which would afford satisfaction even question recurs as to what the sufferers will do cleaning the plates. Of course be could not to such bright nod shining lights in the reli- when tbe supplies stop altogether. I t it awful stand that He most be master or noaUng, gions world as the new Police Commissioners to think of, bat it it barely possible that some and therefore he has resigned. At he inefhey can manage to get into Congress, to thatSCAB- ConeaJHUeaoral. The shock of an earthquake wu J ous to the Union a s are the abolitionista. bureaus of the leading organizations, suoh a s last Let us wait and see. members ere at last beginning to toko practi-BBOVOHAMfl T V B A f t f , 4 ^U,•, nut A MIM »r T>B PioiAiis—MokauraftAftsronw AH»»IOAK MTmnm. BUMMT—ntyn in the first knock down. The fight lasted fifty-five san professions. The man and his antecedents has bten the custom to give the receipts as far Cve*lnc-M• MOOM«TIT- J u r a DiAjn—Liruc Cuaiusm**, 4 c minutes, during which sixty-one rounds were will attract or repel them, and in this lies the s they can be ascertained, and to make an_ Hall. Wl fought, when it was decided to consider the battle secret of tbe success or failure of the Charlen-the edaors of papers, who hat the ootaane eTttaS'tsT July or the battle of Bunker Hill,-and is illus- naato carry m a ooa*rore»sy, while he b*d Z , * £ l.tV'hwN.a, koaea.DAJKJ«.4U.-0VJUCMOS00*-EIEUVS UUWR lmi*ir.-«M OteBrnWi Mnr- anothercolumn.I I U U i* S o w n , DASCI*, B n u N t i t , fta—Warro. Additional particulars respecting the pugilistic IJWfflUIH-ftxmarriowOF r * J O j j £ * » contest between Sayers and Heenan may be foundormrasDOOMO»fIIM>AaTABi—a~stAearenOOmO.MiBr«BJU- inanotherpartofto-day'spaper.approximate estimate of the remainder. After due inquiry, however, our reporters have been unable to obtain any information from the per sons who have charge of the financial affairs ofextensive railroads, the best and worst of news-papers, to say nothing o f fast men, fast and might have been averted from the nationalnished to tbe press before the 20th. When the tors.Wilsondrewthefirstblood,andGribbengotorledtostandontheshiftingsandsofparti-accouatehavenotbeenentirelyadjusted,ittratedinathousanddifferentways.Wehavelastword. ^"*•wmnor!'ytherearetopresenttheir men, and ontbeee will depend whether the democratic mi- noritywillbecomeamajority.Thesewillsoonthesocieties.TheTractSocietypeople,intion,overwhichapatrioticYankeewillwavewomenforthebusinessoftbecountrytore- bo pre&ented, and it matters little what demo-crat oi republican thinks of them. But theywill be at once scanned, and measured, asmweighed by the conservative interests which to-day hold the balance between the two greatparty minorities.VAILSFUKSUSOFX.Mew Y o r k B e r a H l — a M i t t o for condition. The clerk of the Board was directed ibfcfre Is now on trial for his life, at Belvi- tbe conversion of the heathen a t home andmore valuable time has been frittered away in thedisplayofbuncombesentiment,infutilere- oriminfttioas against the press, and in slander- ous assaults upon private character, thip a t t r . ing the presentWe trust that the instinct* which have recalled to M r. Window's miod th e early precepts that were inculcated i nwilt*•*»U>topotttoMyforLiverpooLman, charged with poisoning his wife, under bonds by the cruel taskmasters in the truth, thereported twenty-five houses as being in a filthythe Clergy—Csvse of Rtr. J. g. Harden.evident that the brethren who have undertakentJarepe.The Ooaard mail steamship Persia, Captain Jedktns,nuisance.tMftwupxanTr-**wiUclosetothiscity*thalf- ThenewBoardofAlmshouseCommissioners circumstancesexhibitingthegreatestcoolness, reformationofthosewhogodowntotheseainheld their first regular meeting for the transaction calculation and heartlessnesa which perhapsto notify the owners of the houses to abate thedere, New Jersey, a young Methodist clergy- abroad, the liberation of the African held inP«*t etgM i-'okjefc thai morning.TheError*****no:ioftmHnuu>winbepublishedofbaeineesyesterday,andsignalizedtheirdiimlhaveevercharacterizedacrimeofthisnature.variousotherphilanthropicenterprisestoo•herichesoftheworld, . itwillalsofindaresponseInteea* eight eetooi 1» U* **n»lM Stag* ooplea, la wrap- by several important changes among their subor- Entering the ministry at a very early age, arc « dinates. In the first place, the salaries of tho War- and surrounded by the seductions to which hisiM4*arertnv<B«aMa.toranyeditionof the densofthePenitentiary, Almshouse, Workhouse position, his outward piety,and a somewhat New Ion* Bnuii> win be received at taefo&owing places and Randall's Island were respectively reducedMore thjs* this: We teach the rest of man-kind. Our country is the schoolhouse of theworld. I t i s here that the present EmperorNapoleon learned some o f those lessons bywhichhehassowell profited,whichhavetaught him t o employ the electric telegraphupon the field of Solferino to convey his ordersfrom point t o point, t o patronize manufac- tures,encouragetheingenuityofbissubjects,lookingattheirproceedingswiththesaute develope the resources o f his empire, and t o feeling o f thrilling anxiety and interestriedinOctober,1SJS,aMissHannahL.Dorlaud, «the miller'B lovely daughter/' of the village oi German Valley, New Jersey. They lived butcontributesostensiblytoextendthelightofthethat has disgraced our legislative annals. bytheConventionthatappointedthem.Themo-vity,withsomesalesonspeculationandforexportofexaminationwasinsistedonbythefamilyofovertwenty-fivemillionsofdollars,andhavenew,andinashorttimeanobituarynoticeisLetushopethattheawakeningofconsciencetion was finally adopted by a majority of ninety- seven. This action, it is said, strengthens thecommon and medium grades, with some classes of extra State, a&d Western dosed at an advance of 5c. a 10c. per bbl. Southern flour was also In good demand ; thethe deceased, and a quantity of arsenic was nothing in the way of practical results to showfound in the stomach. The conduct of the hus- for i t So far as foreign missions are con-all that marks its former power. indicated by the speeches of honorable repre- It is only a few years—a space easily spanned sentatives on one or two recent occasions in bythememoryofthousandsofourreaders—notlimitedtoftfewindividuals.ItIsreally since Morse established, between Washington time that, after spending the greater part of the and Baltimore, the first telegraphic communi- session In corrupt scheming and disgraceful cation which inagurated the system. To-day personalities, some little thought should nowDouglasmenbysomethirtyvotes.AtransactionsembracedsomelotsforexporttotbeWestbandduringtheillnessofhiswifewasmysteri-cerned,wehaveyettolearnthatanybenefit,resolution providing f o r t h e appointment of a committee on the party platform, and that no balloting for candidates for President and Vice Pres- deat be taken until tha committee report was adopt, ed. The Committee on Credentials stated that theywould make a report this morning. After invitingi be ministers of the Gospel to open the Conventionwith prayers, and referring the Alabama plat-form to the Committee on Resolutions, the Con-vention adjourned till this morning. The proceed-ings were rather boisterous. The rival New York 1868. and 4,186,100 in 1857. Pork was less buoyant yester- tie legations were arguing their case before theCommittee on Credentials last night, and a report will probably be made on the subject early to-day. TheMozartHallpartyappeartohaveout-manoeu- vred or out-argued the Regency at all points. Gen.Houston has been nominated bythe Texans,in mass meeting on the battle ground of San Jancinto, for President, and there are reports from Charles- ton that unless the Wood delegates are admitted, and a Southern platform i s agjaeed to, there will he » bolt, and a union with the Baltimore Conven-tion on Gen. Houston.Tbe Senate was not in session yesterday. The House transacted no business, the session being o coa pied with debates on the slavery and tariffquestions.By the arrival of the City of Baltimore at thisp»rt tarty yesterday morning we have received details of European news to tha>^12th inat. We publish in our news columns letters from our cor- tespoodenta at Copenhagen, S t Petersburg andday , wbile sales were fair. New mess sold at $17 90 a $18, losing mainly at the inside figure, and new prime sold at (14 40 a $14 50. Sugars were again active, with sales of »2,6O0bhda.(nearlyallCubamuscovado)atthequotations gtven in another column, (toffee was quiet, and some- whattatabeyaaoe, waiting a forthcoming moderate sized auction sale of RK>. Freights were steady. Among i he engagements the most noticeable was the shipment of 40.000 bushels of grain, including corn and wheat, inship's bags, at 6>»d.Progiess at cnarleaton— Tn.e Key Position of tne Opening Campaign.It is evident that there is plenty of explosive material in the Charleston Convention, and the course of events there shows that it is not yet free from the danger of an explosion.in this department alone that we are to enjoy PROGRESS O F THE REJTBLJC—THE MORAL*the usefulness of the magnetic telegraph. T h e OF THE GOVERNING CLASSES.—It is universally "timeo'day,"istobecaughtfromthesun, concededthatthisrepublic,duringthebriefLondon. The letter from the latter place states thatthe Papal bull of major excommunication to theItalian rebels was considered a very silly affair, and which may be distasteful to the Northern demo- without the least force or effect. Naples is about cracy will be adopted. A majority vote deter- forming a body guard for the Pope, by the con- mines the platform, and as the Northern dele-acter, and that i t must needs, through thebig red globe which will drop every day at with all others i n the progress they have at-high noon from the heavens above the Custom tained in everything that pertains to theirsent o f Sardinia, with the proviso that n o gates are stronger in numbers than the South-lieving i n the Almighty Nigger, they cease to believe in Almighty God. Instead of preach- ing the Gospel of peace and love, they become propagandists of hatred and hostility between differentsectionsandclassesoftheirfellow men. From this kind of morality the descentHouse, dictate to the minute hands of a hundred sphere—in statesmanship end in eloquihostility la t o b e shown t o the Bomagna, theJiniOJa or Tuscany. Considerable complaint is urged by paper consumers at the operation of theAngle-Frenchcommercialtreaty,inregardto tbe item o f rags. The objection is that while French paper is admitted into England duty free,ern, they will be able to prevent the insertion of doctrines that will kill them at home. The platform is no doubt prepared and ready to be reported to-day, and we may have thefirst balloting for the Presidential nomination to-the one hand, the conservative Northern mer- chants are compelled to withhold their contri- butions from societies which work directly against the interests of tbe white man, on ac- count o f a sentimental penchant whichwhich they shall move. It is some consolation' fraud as well. There is not on the face of tha however, that though the Albanians furnish us earth a country, whether monarchy or repub-to engross general attention, and it was expected a deputation of the British members of Parliament woukl be present at the " milLOar advices from Jamaica are to the 7th Inst Buafftftaw was dull, supplies of all kinds, even floor, being far m excess of the demand. In regard to produce, coffee waa limited and the price of sugar had declined. Pimento and dye woods scarce.man ; and, on the other, it would be idle t oexpect that Southern Christians oonld put thesocieties in a false position, where they wouldbe compelled to carry on the Lord's workwith the money produced by the institutionwhich they denounce as the " sum of all villa-ges."Ithasleftthedemocratssadlyinthelurch Tbefactisthatsofarasthegreatbulkof StateisgoingtoimmortalizeftdozenortwoWe have received our files uf Bermuda papers tothe 11th inst There is no local news of any in- the Convention at Charleston represents a terest great series of minorities in the several Statesthis city and the rich men of the North, who is entitled, Whatever may be the merits of the and corruption, and trying to convict and send Who car.say, for instance, how many of the*] invest a certain amount of money in religion new Fire A'arD} Telegraphy |t has been tested them to the penitentiary. This certainlyis08.C48 bbls., against 85,758 i n 1SS9, 784,378 d o physician up to tbe latest moment, and mani- n 1853, and 785,842 In 1SS7. The exports of wheat for ested throughout an indifference which arguedittie if any desire that the sufferer's life should be preserved. But we will not enter into on elaborate statement o f the case—a duty which the proper authorities are charged to perform before the court and jury; suffice it to say that while the inquest was pending the ac- cusedabscondedtoVirginiaunderanassumed name, and was there arrested, while pursuing the avocation of a daguerrian artistThe frequency of grave crimes among the clergy has ef late become remarkable. Almost every day we hear of the trial of a clergyman of some persuasion for adultery, for offences against decency, and for murder; and we can- not account for this deplorable fact better than to attribute i t to the insane fanaticism which has seised npon that class all through the Northern and Western States. Abolitionism, with its kindred exciting delusions, spiritual-tended to tighten rather than to loosen the Tbey have become the tongue of the nation, bonds of the slave. There are several societies speaking alike for all, from the humble indivi-be gtven to the business of legislation. If, in- stead of irritating tirades like Lovejoy's, the House were occasionally treated to good com- mon sense homily like that of the Kepresenta-rive from North Carolina, we might hope for a little more satisfactory progress in that respect.be same period have reached 691,334 bushels, against 16.8C0 do. in 1859; 3,468,970 i n 1868,and 8,932,002 i n 867. Of corn, the exports for the same time havewhich belong especially to* the city o f New York, and they, so long as their affairs are sat- isfactorily conducted, will never want f o r money. They d o not however, adopt the canting snuffle or the sanctimonious white cravat to get funds. Nor do they allow the almightyniggertointerferewiththeirpursuit of the almighty dollar. The almighty nigger is the skeleton in the closets of ail the religious societies. It is he who has caused the diminu- tion of the receipts for the last three or four years. It is he who has made the collections of the past year less, a s i t Isjtlleged, by from thirty to fifty per cent than they were in l&ib -9. Look at the facts: The donations to the princi- pal societies amount to an average of a million dollars per annum. The Tract Society, Bible Society, and American Board of Foreign Mis-sions take the larger part of this money.are all more or less abolitionized—the Tract Society t o a greater degree than the others. They get their money chiefly, indeed altogether, from the commercial classes. The name of a New York merchant, all over the world, is sy- nonymous with liberality. Our people, whendual who transmits a message of affectionwhich thrills a distant heart, to the proud mil-lionaire who issues a mandate which unsettlesthe foundations of a community. Yet it is notreached 131,011, against 319,462 in 1869, 2,610,223 inThe carrying of the proposition t o lay theplatiorm before naming the candidates by s o ism, communism, and free-love—for all ofTheynever yet enjoyed, in the shape of a standard by which every watch and clock in its pre- cincts may be correctly adjusted.It is a little remarkable that the rural villageof Albany will not be content with the powerit already possesses over our Metropolitan Po-lice and other Institutions o f a public char-population, banking interests, railroads, news- papers and telegraphs—in everything that can advance civilization or make a people great and powerful—the United States stands without a parallel for the rapidity with which these se- veral auxiliaries to greatness have been de- veloped.The governing classes, too, have kept pacelarge a majority, indicates that the ultra fire- eaters of the South have not the control of the Convention; and it may reasonably be antici- pated therefrom that no strong expressionswhich the mind of the anti-slavery agitator seemsto have an irresistible affinity—has demoralisedthe clergy ; and not only demoralized, but deChristianized them, until by degrees they cometo be skeptics i n everything but the sorrowsand sufferings of the black race, deists, and they disburse, give with a free hand. Then practical infidels like Wendell Phillips. B eblack republican party is a minority party. I t cannot elect its candidates without the help oftims.ism maintains sway we may always expect to find a leaning towards skepticism and infideli- ty, which, sooner or Inter, takes a bold shape, and results in an utter disregard of law andwhich it is proposed to introduce In this city, and of which a trial will be made this noon, is another of the great electric enterprises of the day, and illustrates the fact that whatever de- velops tiie prosperity or inures to the benefit of the public, will in this country, before alland selling votes, and buying and selling laws. They simplified and reduced to scientific prin- ciples this art, which i s the finest of all arm among politicians, especially of the Temaaaay Btamp. And now the Attorney General of thethe greatjoin either of the extremes. This feeling car-conservativerise at least a million and a half of votes, andBy the arrival at this pert of the brig African fromPortau-Prinoa,weareinreceiptofnewstowillrepresentanothersetofminorities.Ifthe arereallyChristians,andhowmaQseveral yearsInBoston",'*•^oui»w<1 where,andcomeshereendoreeuwhich it has received.eU<-the 9th Inst At midnight of that date and early on the following morning, severe shocks of earthquake were felt From the Interior the accounts of the cotton crop were very favorable. The John Di own snbserrption continned, consisting chiefly of**cksof coffee. The amounts received are eat*, mated at $30,000. Business was good.5eiTed fflM tf 8qaeetion were t o be decided by these two alone, there is no doubt thai tne black republi- can minority Would cany the day, for it is napre numerous than 'the democratic.BROKENDow*CASMDATES*«nTh*Pan^rD**- CT.—The Richmond ^ t n r e r sheds s djod ef Besides all this, an arrangement is about per- tears* over the fallen fortunes of Henry A Wave- has po far worked himself into the societies fected by which the whole Union will be daily It professes to believe ttut he "combines moreand districts,just astheChicagoConventionprotestedagainsttheKansaspolicyafewyearsIinto fancystocks,thinking that itv^y«BV ? ?? I nere 6r hereafter; but if time persons becomeere rank infidels at heart ?vote which refusestoWherever the insane spirit of abolition-daring the last three years. To snob, an extent morals among 'the clergy as well as the laity. has it operated that It may be truly said thatcontributions i s concerned, they come from others, receive the encouragement to which it dozen of them by indicting them for briberyous; he alone administering medicine, and otherwise devoting himself to the services of a sick chamber in a manner which excited sus-Indies Wheat was firm, with fair sales at full prices.Corn was also steady, at prioee given in Mother place.The exports o f floor from the United States, and in-eluding this city, and from other ports, from the 1stof September u p t o latest dates, have reached picion. It is stated that he refused to call in a forts of the abolitionists, pure and simple, have the electric wires almost girdle the earth.ships, and do business on the great waters, andcompared to the great expenditure of money and serious damage to the bodily health of the missionaries, has been accomplished. The ef-The only differencethreethousandNewEnglandclergymenwhoandphilanthropy,justastheyputfunds progresswithftvengeance.thoroughly satisfied that the almighty niggerPROPOSED DINNER TO GOVERNOR BANKS.—A that he cannot be gotten out, and that the so- enlightened, through the Smithsonian Institution of the essential qualifications for this high office large number of the leading republicans of tie cieties are injuring the business of the North,ButftgreatIssuehascomeup.ItisnotaseveralStateshaveInvitedGovernorBanks,ofthentheywillstopthesupplies.ThefactisatWashington,astothoconditionotthehananyotherofthemanydistaguisbedstates-question of bank, ef tariff, of internal improve- Massachusetts, to accept the honor of a public that the merchants have begun to find this out, weather prevailing i n every section o f the men of the land; that he has more to commendments, or any of the old issues between parties; country penetrated by a telegraphic wire. The him to the conservative elements of ^ V o w a -a *•! If^!* ""• J*»7 (New dinner, and i t i s generally supposed that he and that i s the real cause o f the evangelic Ibut it is a higher issue, involving all these, be- will do so. I t I s the intention of the republi- panic. When the almighty dollar comes to the result oannot but be most beneficial. The ma- try than any other public man, North or South;causeitinvolvestheexistenceofailofthem. canstomakethisagrandandcelebratedban tugofwarwiththealmightynigger,thelatteral- rinerwillknowwhethertosailatagiventime; andthat"heistheonlySoutherndemocratwhoin mvorrfthafomer , M i X S m t L ' S S an assault upon the institution of slavery. I f has been and Is tho most eminent and conaer find this out the bettor i t will be for their out her basket of clothes from fear of rain ; This Is just the mistake that every « « * * • * ficialtoSysWy.p,q» WkTS2^Ztheblackrepublicanpartysucceedsinthevativememberofthatpartysinceitsorganisepockets.WedonotapprehendthattheywilltbepromenaderneednotdoubtbetweenthelorthePresidencymakes.EachonehugstoSouth Wales) paper, to PebraaryW. The Cham-berefjkmunarcehadadoptedareportprepared^%^£!!!S!^Z ***** ^thePane-TheyhavebeenailrolledintotheoneideaofquetItiswellknownthatGovernorBankswayshastheworstofitThesoonertheSleeksthehousewifewillnolongerhesitatetohangcanbeelectedbytbepeople."&t*Tls>sa^THMs4aHfeft ftstsasn^VtjsSr^SkftBMw'weftm#wpjpj:ISava^avBS|S||ii.;•Ab^ut ISOpassengers, whot 41^^*"**° comingcontest,Itwillreceiveanimpulseintion,somefourorfireyeanago.AsSpeakerdiscoverftintime. Theyarelikethe choiceofaparasoloraparapbtU;and,inahimselfthefallacytb*UbeUintmsaaely|»pn-of the atwsinili.il Coatsaooalcoa at «--»„ » _ Havana, w e hare receivedrural districts, listen t o torical efforts, in which he will give expression what every one e k e hat discerned long ago. THE RESIGNATION or VPILSI>I iiv.—Oar old . sad they wiU be found, in to his views on the present confused and unset- Their business i s breaking up. A crisis i n friend, pious Pilsbury, has once more resigned tled state of the country. According to popu tiieir affaire is approaching. Ruin stares them hit position on the police force. He is just asplaceofthe18thtnat.at Havana enth«irl«r^«Tn^e7crywa«e.tteir lawgiver, Helper Ik their textbook- the raauncations throughout the country, and w-the developeinent of Hi fanaticftl ideas that of the House o f Representatives, he proved Scribes and Pharisees, who wore long faces Jword, the telegraphic station, with its conver-lar.whentbefaatethatassoonasaman ne-comes a candidate for the Presidency he no trtos t o lose whatever popularity h e stay have had. This i s preciiely the Cftte wtm Ilenry A. Wise. H i s fight with snd triunmiiover the Know Nothings in Virginia broaga* hi* name before the country, but he was never a popular man. At his name became generally familiar to the people, they noted his acts, an tht*e. instead of making him popular, have only ffisde the people laugh at him. For twp y«*»lMbe has been committing fooleries, and *®J*opining the popular favor he ha* onijcannot be resisted. On the floor of Congress himself to be one of the very best that ever and prayed at the corners o f the streets, but gent lines of lightning, will be a stupendous laaian yesterday, left Portland bat hhrkt, via the ! tu leaders occupied that distinguished position, and Us rented the sanctuary t o brokers and note- electrical barometer, conveying intelligence as s t j g a ^ ^ e K S S TM - speeches were always marked by reason a i d shavers. They are so puffed up with vanity, definite and reliable as i f the Clerk of the- B u t this Is merely Intended Itatoemanlike ability. It is supposed that on blinded by prejudice, overloaded with bigotry, Weather from the housetops proclaimed the•» Mod amd 4iU the conservative iatere.U fhfe oecftricm he will .oftto o ^order of the day. Vim YtiseUridtk!Spaoneris bloody and brutal doctrine of «an irrepr«fbieUntitled Documentmuchdissatisfied with the newas hewa« with the old organisation, and be has, there- fore, retired in dmguet. It ap^ar? that hwXlttifWE prom Cub* b devoid of any spe- •ttfl'.ct" is their creed, and J ^ n Brown i sshall await the ovation to Governor Banks wttalurbeliefthismovementhasagreatmanyintheface. Theyaxeoathevergeofbank-ruptcy. New York will give no more net?buote, and fine broadcloth, and snowy linen,and free dinners, to impecanious saints from I reasons for separating himtelf from h& affectropolis to' keep them going for another y *ar— former occasion. H e wanted t o rale tajof fact, at the rate of fifty miles an hoar. The kitchen, and only allowed him tbe honor ofNobody doubts that we are a great people. was the pres<*erm. for thry had the oihatL tTbe fact stands out as plainly as the Fourth ofb>m from, while be haft oaae to rent* IreoT a i .the handsomest country, the biggest lakes, tbe Had tbe golden rules contained in the above longest rivers, the highest mountains, the most pithy sentence been adhered to during the ses-beautiful women, magnificentbabies,andtenthousand other illustrious objects of glorifica- much talking at pulpits, at newspapers and atOrder to clinch the matter, said they had eveu his hat and shout hallelujahs until he is hoareo. ceive proper attention. When Congressmen refused to give them to Mr. Sleek, of the Jour- We furnish the gold, grain and cotton of the are more intent on producing an outside effectnal of Commerce. Tne intimation was not only withheld from the HBRALD reporters, but remarkB of an unevangelical, not to say uncivil, Character were made to them.period of its existence under an Independentgovernment, has made more progress i n the erected by the efforts o f a number of pub- induetrial arte, the fine arts, and all the ariawhich tend t o civilization and improvement* than any other country o f which history hat preserved a record. The progress which it han i.tken other nations centuries of time to ac-flashed a hundred miles from the point of ob-servation at Albany, and through a Time Ball,lic spirited gentlemen, transmitted to the chro-nometers of our navigators here, thus enablingthem to make their reckon! gs and recordtheir longitude a t sea with greater perfectionand accurate/ than ever before, and at the same. quire this country has arrived a t in less than time affording to the city itself a boon it has a single century. In the growth of wealth,- again, a good deal of the money which sustainsthese societies has come from the South. O n thousand metropolitan watches t h e rate a t and, singularly enough, i n corruptionto the commission of crimes against the law isadutfof»0to100percentischargeduponEng-nfcht theyhaveorpretendtohavefortheblackmentalpabulumwillbesuretoproduceinthatLegislaturesandinCongress.Themembersoflish rags Imported tats PTance. The Heenan and Herein lies the danger o f the Charleston Hmyera paguiatae affair appears for the time being nominations. The democratic as well as thevery easy; the stop from the pulpit of the min- ister to the cell of the felon i s short From denouncing the law of the land, and preaching resistance to It they at length become Its vic-benighted region. the last Albany Legislature furnished a matchless The new system o f Fire Alarm Telegraph specimen of the progress of thefineart of buyingwiththetime,theycannotgetridofNewYorklic, whose governing classes can presentnewspapers for breakfast, or escape the moral, any comparison i n the science of corruption domestic and political improvement which such to those of ours, as exhibited in our corporations,next class was the women, who weald alwait UTS Slegislature. There has been a great dea* too •vote interestThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 