 !NEW YORKJIERALD.j i l E I ©OR DOM BCIRITT, EMTUB A N D PB0PBISTQ8.K.W.COBNBBOfTOtTOHANDSASSAUSTS.quarrel, w a s pursued b y whom nas the deceased, hisonnroom,wherethe mittedbytheprisoner.Tt»wd, foremost o frevolution would be more likely to be success-•^rTViS&xrpoorreasonfor breaking upanygovornuiot. | report of the proceedings of the Boardof Educa- because some of its laws arc tramgri-.-^edorvolve tbe head o f almost every bureau at our national capital—have aroused • feeling in the public mind that completely overrides the se-by the statements o f a cotemporary, h a t put - forth a reply, from which It appears that the rent received from t b e Opera h a s barely n f ."^TIVKW aa***<?rMlfWK. W«S»»**ing-The cotton market yesterday wasfirmer,with sates of3O30 bates, cloning on the basis of lie. a ll^c. par lb. *,aw« wu.for midd11lingupland. Themarketwasiaflueacedasf"**from tho faUtn/r off in the receipts at UM South a * murh froforce against force in snch a case, and carry- ing out "the supreme law of the land.'* which the constitution is, but no cause for dis^olvinjr the government. I f the President should hold1). II.O<rau j —And W h a t «kf t h e Kepahli-caailIn tbe dying agonies o f t h e democracy, a s the party i n power a t Washington, the loath-that have of late stirred the national heart, and stockholders have never received a awakenedallloversoftbeUnionandthecon- dividend,andthattheirmusichasoastthem(m stitutionto thedangersof tbe hour. The de- interest) nearly onehundred dollars a year. claration of the secessionists, the attitudeof Jhe stockholder overlooks the real difficulty inKO M(m€fMtnofa^rmmH*rmr<m*r~t. wt*>nm'i&'^jSS^is^zUB£US?Z at fimr emitfprr iMMBSFOWDBtfCK, _^ Oaaaaaraawawn A M A»I> PACK-j dangerous hole* for skaters to tumble into.Tn another column will b e found a compendedthis cause; hot if she had it would be a very^^rlStStfMjr^^^Ul «ery «w; O4-«**V«»«WA, to- ^ to i b f f M i T HMUU», FA*U.T SMALD. *-U U tk» «W</WWA» «>fS^TTM*****"* — i ^ _ i **. IfWw» the cbaracter o f tb* foreign news. T h e mail iatei. that any such laws a r c constitutional, and re- ligticp gives UM decline a t lias ports, compared with fuse to enforce the rights of the SouthernJOB rmirrure ****** *** »•*»«•. * v»!••»• n vy •»• * •Wo.somecorruptionswhichhavebroughtabout SouthCarolina,orthecottonStates,fasecond thematter—tbefactthat,thehousehavingcostIBBAMBtB»W«T7.—ITALBUW A Taacra-Bossrsa o r It.WALLACE'S THBATBB, Breeawar - * aa» MM or iOwnLA0BA REEVE'S THEATRE, RO. B t Broadway. - SawawA million or tw o of dollars In bonds abstracted from the iron safe of the Interiorments of our national government It would thousand dollars, aa was intended, it would seem as if a black cloud had suddenly appeared have earned a s much a s it does now—sayITBW BOWEKT THBATRB, Bowery - H i m . m Ho* aa— Koarv TnutTB*—*TATB B a c a mEvening—Ta« 8«A o r lea—Aarao O a i u u » - l i T a « CBBI- Osmas, Bo.SBTAHTS* HimTMU, Meeheah* Hall. « * way.-Bwauaneaa,Soaoa,Oaaaas,So.-JACE;CAJBEHOOLET * CAMPBELL'S MDfSTBSLH. Hleta'a Saloon, Sroadway.—ETWiorBAXtiOKfia,OASOSS, BDauHauaa, Ac—i.m NBWYKAX.CANTBBBUBT MUSIC HALL, Broadway. Baaua,"the Declaration o f Independence o f South Carolina, done i n Convention, December 2 4 , I860;"andtheother,"theaddressofthepeo- ple o f South Carolina, assembled in Conven- tion, to the people of the alareholding States of the United States,'' They are both eloquently written electioneering papers, well calculateddelinquencies, if half that we hear concerning then) shall prove to be true. Detectives, we are told, are on the track o f two or three mil- lions unaccounted for in the Treasury Depart- ment; and it is feared that every department of the executive government at Washington will, if probed to the bottom, disclose an amount o fgion for plunder is likely to extend to almosteverydepartmentatWashington,andtheonly publiciftheAcademydoesnotpay. Thejonrned till to-day. « * r ^ Thebatingin"theParkhandsofthisgovernmenttitanflytoothers-he GovernorofVirginiaisawiseman,andone 1stdayofJanuary,1861,undercircumstances WhatanswerhaveyontogiveAs|||f knows not of. who commands a certain amount o f confidence that demand from the members composing that aHerchiefcomplaint isthenullification,by amongthegoverningclasses. Ifhewill^issttC bodyacareful andwellconsidered actionin TenOrcttArvIftw Yoax—Posmoxorran regardtotheorganizationofthelowerbranch STOTKHOIJ»BRS.—Weperceivethatseveralorjthethingsthatdidnotexist,ine-a%SMW,Bsauaaaoaa,Ac isamistake.ThecaseisnotfinallydisposedNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2 7 ,1360.moiiey iu the public chest at> will buy a stick owed him into ful. Better far for 8ooth Carolina to bear all of sealing wax. Under these circumstances the theillsshecannowjustlycomplainofat the Wi.seexpeditionwouldnotpay. Stilltheex-The Speaker o f t h e Next State Aaaemhl>. The Legislature of the State of New York willassembleatAlbanyonnextTuesday,theusthattheyhavenotbeenappealedtoinvain. Republicans o f th e House a f Assembly, th e eyes..;.dhopes*fafreepeople*fTrjrgajwu• ice being in an unfit state for nae. The boya, how- the Northern Personal Liberty bills, of a part a manifesto calling for volunteers, and^iving of tbe legislative body. The developements of tbe city Journals have taken up the question a*Mb cwrrawl*»JV«M#r<w* ever,assembledonthepondsinthevicinity,which oftheconstitutionwhichprovides for thetb(mtheassurancethataftertheyhavetaken jresortwillFOODcease,iftheicebecartedawayas restoration qffugitive slaves. Nowit dor-. W:-.shi'gton thespoils wiUpayfor theriskcorruptionandgrossfraudsinhighplacestobowfarthepablicfaaffectedbyactionof* during the past year, culminating in the theft the stockholders of the Academy of Music hi and robbery i n t h e departments a t Wash- their dealings with t h e managers and artists. ington—which, from present indication, will in- One o f t h e stockholders, feeling aggrievedi,«lrtimilwr|itwasyesterdaybytheicecompanies,learing notappear'thatshe.haslostanyslavesfromandexpenseofthejob,wehavenodoubt tii«t he will find a good number o f adherents sar.ong those of the fashionable New York i.•« 4|es who are temporarily outside o f the! tion met evening. They were somewhat interest- defied. There might be good cause for usingState prison.T h e < orrupf ions maid TMsSMteXB » f Bite cession excitement and a ll other questions ficed to pay the taxes on the totikting: that the 'thesefartbenameperiodlastyear,of436,080 States,thentheirconstitutionalitycanbeeasilyitsingloriousdissolutionarebeginningtobe a hue by telegraph thefalling off Is estimated «ttot090balsa.FlouropenedduH,butondertheinfl< I the foreign news the market became firm, and closed at a Might advance for soma deacrtattsaa. Wheat was heavyin the public mind to the astounding news testedbytheaggrievedpartyappealingtotherevealedtothepubliceye.Thecountry fromWashingtonoftheofficialrecklessnessa great deal more money than was expected, s heavy debt was created. Then the theatre was made very unpopular b y the secured seat privi- lege,whichmanagersoflectures,concerts.Ac,AMOSEMET.TB THIS BV8UIIB0.HTBLOSOABDBB. WimAmt^.-^kwtACtAmWmtmTAh- intheforenoon,batitwaainbatterrequestmtbeafter- rendered will andvoid, andthePresidentr«M AH»Jm-Am bur-UuaOLnaa Yunra,Ac. Aft«wo»i —a BwhigWINTER QARDBH, BrwMlway. apsea**IPVASWwtu-lot aaPABUFSAWiAis. B »BOWB RT B«vuniAjiJKIU,withmoreshowofflrmaeascathe partofholders.a ASS* aaaass#wj a ws^aews aa. a v Mgjrajawsmaa^a^s^imr.'^^wisl^^maiiptm/ "^T^m^pa^a w*^^a, AAAA**atthecloseandmore active, flit waaAnafor new, wuh sates of new mess a t $18; old d o . a t S i t 60; new prime at $1*, and old at $10 9a. Sugars werohoist, bat steady. Freights were sealer, with aagagamaatji to Liver- pool at rates in favor of shippers, especially of grain.The Ureat (tueatioai «ff Sk* Day—Is Seees- etwaa R e v o l a t t e m o r MoStwill be compelled to carry out the laws of Congress, and vindicate the rights of thocom-counselling together to preserve the refusedtorecognise, sndwhichhassincebeen the details of gigantic frauds among our Union of the States, and maintain in- virtually waived for everything except theHK1.0DBON, No. 539 Broadway.—Boaua, DAircaa, Boa- to precipitate the revolutionary movement now of. The Court of Appeals in this State hasicaa, A c going forward at the South. They describe, in decided against Virginia, b u t n o t s o th e thieving spoliations that will, make even Johnour Chief Executive but a prompt and decisive season by the night, at the rate of two hundred action in this respect, to defend his own charac- dollars f o r each performance, they payingterandremovesuspicionofcomplicityonhis sboutonehundredforlights,fire,attendance, part Ac. Whether o r n o t t b e associated Italian artists will undertake t h e management uponHOPPCBAPBL-Rar.H.K.Haaoaa'sLSOTVBBAJTB vividcolors,theanti-slaverysentimentexistingCamcAL ARALVBU or raa PLAV o r Kuas Laaa. at the I M p b d the acts o f hostility against• « w T o r k , T h m r s d a y , BT,18BB, the Soeth perpetrated b y various NorthernSupremeCourt,towhichthecasehasbeen Covodeopenhiseyeswithamazement From brought by appeal. From some of the grounds what we have seen, however, of the black cata-on which the decision in th e Dred Scott case logue, we dare say that an industrious detect- ive— like Covode—could easily foot up againstUaiiedfleateewithinherlimitsonthe tbedateo/hersecession,whileathird foraceptantionofamveholdingStatestheconfederation,andwhichnowexists,sofarlawfully andconstitutionallybrokenup asitba-notbeenrepealedbytheconstitution, zationsince1828.Thefirsteditionwasthe tomsofreforminourrulers.Theorganiza- leaving$3760tobedividedbetweenaprimaatanytimebyoneormoreStateswho slaveholdershaveaperfectrighttovisitfree Jacksoniandemocraticparty,which,coming tionofthepopularbranchoftheLegislature donna,whosefigurefa$$,06$parmonth;aa may feel aggrieved from the actionof Stateswiththeirslaveswithoutlosingthem,no intopowerin1828,on"thegloriousvictoryof inthisStateisofthegreatestimportanceat tenor,whorateshimselfat$1,500;aprimenof tbe other States or the legislation of matterwhatlawssuchStatesmayenacttothe NewOrleans,"waspulverizedin thepolitical thishourofsecessionandrobbery. Weseeby basso andbaritone, at$800each,andacon-T h e list published by thethe constitution that warrants the secession ofIt i«» announced on tbe best authority that, aftera n d thatbetweent b epoliticala carefulinvestigation,i th a s been ascertainedtheremedyeitherb yappealingagainstSupreme Court; and i f the decision should be in his favor, the Personal Liberty bills will bestands aghast at tbe sickening spectacle. T h e public attention is suddenly drawn fromthe thickeningcloudsofdisunionandcivilwartc£and frauds o f those w h o a r e in positions of public trust Those men who have beenplainantlican creed is that slavery shall not ent»T tli'Territories in future. But the Supreme Courtof the United States has already decided infavor of the rights of the Southern States asregards tb e Territories, and it is n o t in the Department and squandered by th e robbers power of CoDgress o r th e President to inter- and jibbers concerned, is a respectable item onThe principal article o f the repub-We published yesterday t w o remarkable BASHOE'SAMBK1CANMD8Bim\Broadway.-DayanddocumentsofaroTolutionarycharacter—one,ferewiththemunlessbychangingtheconsti-thesideoflossesandleakages;andyetitfacausedalltotremblebeforeitsthreateningtution.South Carolina refers to the Lemmon ease, inwhichtheStateofVirginiaisplaintiffand New York defendant, as having been decided against the right of a slaveholder to visit a free State with his slaves and yet retain them. Thistwenty thousand dollars a year—andpaidto the stockholders a money dividend o f six p e rStatetheTreasuryDepartmentareutterlygroundless. Court, or by giving the people the wasnotelectedbyamajorityofthepeople, tionepochtothedemocracy,thereweresome ofthenextStateAssembly,inviewofthepre-o r(The South Carolina Commissioners reached opportunity of amending the constitution; and but by a smfill minority, and if the election operations upon the Treasury which, in their sent complicated state of affairs, is one thatthat the rumors relative to apprehended deficits inwere to take place now. by districts or by a brazen-faced audacity, will eclipse anythingamount toremainstobeseen. force revolution and bloodshed—no other direct vote/of thepeople, he could not be in the way of fraud that has ever occurred ed at free from party prejudices by all who holders, might be tried. It would certainlyWaJiington yesterday. What their mission will this was done expressly to prevent physicalrises above all party lines, and should be look-do no harm. With a low rent, n o exorbitant andtheCanadaatHalifax,wehaveEuropean constitutionthanrevolutionthroughtheopera- fore,goingoutoftheUnionforthis,they operationsweresuchastheGardnerclaimof lators. ShouldMr.Littlejohn,lethim besalaries,andamoderatesubscription,sshortadvices to the 16th inst, and later accounts from China.tionoftheballotbox.ThepeopleoftheoughttoexertthemselvestopreventItsrecur- halfamillion,theMiersclaimandtheGalphin eversoinnocent,beagainelectedtotheseasonmightbemadetopay.Ifhalfthe thirteen States ratified this constitution, and rence by amending the constitution, so as that claim, all of which were engineered through post of Speaker, it will be taken as a de- people who express a wish to hear tbe OperaThe news from China i s o f the highest import-ance. A brief despatch from Pekin, received inLondon via St. Petersburg, announces the cessa-tion of hostilities, snd an exchange of ratificationsof peace on the 5th of November. The Allieswere evacuating the capital, and the Emperor right to set at defiance the laws of the Union cratic party, which, under the leadership of Upon the faith of these compromises poor some and healthy administration will follow Dead Head brigade, everybody wishes to would shortly return to it. than an individual has to disobey the laws o f a Pierce, Douglas a n d Gushing, a n d with t h e Pierce was elected President i n 1862, almostfor South Carolina, whhh wa.» ono of th^m, t!i»- President could only be elected by a majo- and paid; on the other hand, when Mr. Fill- claration that the rascality of last winter iswould pay for their tickets, there would b e no difficulty about the matter. B u t tbe Aca- demy being th e only theatre where it is con- sidered fashionable to b e a member o f th ethereisnosavingclausebywhichshi'c;inre- rityofthopeople. Mr.Lincoln'selectionwas morewentoutofoffice,heleftthecountry endorsedbytheparty;thatthesamereckless sume the complete independent sovereignty accidental and technical, and is chiefly owing quiet upon the slavery question, under the policy is to be continued, and will drive from with which she parted, nor ha.-* s h e any more u> i he divisions and corruptions o f the demo- great healing compromise measures of 1850. the public mind all hope that a more whole-The Canada brings nearly a million in gold. State to which he has surrendered a shareof assistance of Jefferson Davis and other South- by acclamation. Here begins the second, orThere had been no change worthy of notein financial or oommercial affairs.his natural liberty in order to preservethe ern leaders,abolished theMissouriCompromisethe almighty nigger edition of the democratic rest The great difficulty under the old con- in 1854, and gave birth to the republican party. Not content with the plain and simpletheCanadasailedthatGaribaldihadbeenassassi- not operate upon individuals, butupon fire-eatersofSouthCarolinaandotherSouth- his administration, butpreferring to outtheLegislatureoftheStateofNewYorkwill first place by giving it to them. If nated,butitwasgenerallydiscredited. States,andtherewasnomodeofcoercing ernStates,splitintopiecesatCharlestonand hiscardssoastoturn upJack inthe beparticularlyinjuriousinthepresentcon- theyhadforeseenallthedifficultythatithasture to prove this assertion, or show that h i s TherewasarumorcurrentatQueenstownwhenfederationwasthatthelawsofCongressdid party,andwhich,withtheassistanceofthelineofdutymarkedoutbythepeoplefor electiontopresideoverthepopularbranchofvilege;themistakewasmadeinshe-The American ship Georgians, from New Or- States provided for. By the constitution the Baltimore in 1860, and gave the victory Cincinnati Democratic Convention, poor Pierce dition of the public mind, not only to the caused they would undoubtedlyhave taken theleans", was burned at sea on the 20th nit Thecrew were saved. general government operates not upon States, to Lincoln a n d t h e republicans. I t i s took u p t h e almighty nigger in the repeal of party which elevates him, but to the country atThe flow o f specie from Europe to the United as such, b u t upon individuals—upon every not just, therefore, t o attribute t h e present the Missouri Compromise; and I n this both large. I t 4 s sufficient t o know that t h e lastcourse adopted by the Brooklyn directors, who have bought wisdom at our expense. The question,then,astowhetherweshallhave Operaornot,faonetobedecidedbythepub- lic. New Orleans and San Francisco support French and English Opera handsomely, while in the great metropolis the artists might starve for all that the public would do to prevent i tHave w e really no taste for any higherde- velopement of the divine art than negroStates continues without abatement. The annexed individual in every State. Hence Congress condition of things altogether to the Pierce and Douglas were humbugged to theirLegislature left an odium behind it such as was never before known by any legislative body in the State, and that he was one of the leading men in that body, taking an active part in favor oftable shows the sums that have arrived since the 15th inat.:—cannot declare w a r against a State, for thatNorth, nor even a share of it to the hearts' content by Jefferson Davis, SenatorsaVaiaaiaa. Europe Etna Atlantic Persia Poruesia Quaker City tVuitoa Artel raaadaTotalBy the arrival of the Tennessee at New Orleanswehavenew*fromMexicotothe22dinst.Gen, Bfiramon had surprised and defeated the liberals atTorbuca,capturingthreegenerals,amongthem Degollado,andtwelvehundredmen.Mason, Atchison, and other Southern fire-eaters. But it fa enough that that act was the deathBoston, City of Manchester. New York,1,233,217 not make them so. The bond of Union cannot rights. At this hour, if the seceding States will been thus prolonged for the most ignominious should prevent h is aspiring to that post o f strelsy or the slang of the concert halls! 860,000Port of Arrival, Baatoa, Dee. M NewYork,Dee.18 Now York, Dae. 19New York, Dec » Now York, Dec. 30 New York, Doc. 20 New York, Dec. SB New York, Dec 26Dec 28Awmmt ofSpecie.$*50,ooo 3-30.000wouldagainst themselves, but Congress and the Pre- sident can enforce the federal laws against anyb et h eUnitedStatesdeclaring w a rwhole Northern people. For twenty-five yearsin this journal we have defended the rights ofthe South;others atthe Northhavedonethe blow to this niggeragitating edition of the thosemeasurescommonlydenominatedcorrupt860,000 number of individuals in any State, or any same thing; and had the South been true to it- democratic party. Staggering under this fatal 3407,08aEven admitting that his motives were pure and17,600 107,718 69»fi»0number of States, and their declaring them- selves outside of the federal government doesself, there were always enough of good mengovernment officials. Butwhile the discove- ries made in this direction are o f magnificent dimensions, the embezzlements suspected, but not yet fully disclosed, are positively sublime.violate the family which has so long prospered whilst recognizing t b e same head, and with like aspirations controlling their actions, n o w stand appalled before the defal- cation in the Interior and Treasury depart-Opera. T h e Philharmonic Society resolutely kept out of tbe Academy until the stockholders gsve np their places, which was not done until they had lost several thousand dollars of rent Now, if the theatre had cost only two hundredon a clear sky, the proportions-., of which hadbut an item in the general schedule o f federal presence. The indications are that this conta- c e n tStates. But while we willingly give them this= wasbased,therecanbelittledoubtthattbe Withthesestartlingfactsfreshbeforethethesetermsremainstobeseen.InPhiladel-praise, we must impugn their historical accu- decision of the New York courts will b e re- the immaculate democracy a bill of a hundred public, tbe course of all the Legislatures in phia tbe journals call loudly upon the public TbeSouthCarolinaConventionhadaeswralim-racyinsomeveryimportantpoints,anddissentversed,andtherightsoftheslaveholdermain-millionsoflossesandleakagestothefederalthoseStateswherethepartythathascomeouttosupporttheOpera,Itseemsthattheasso-portant subjects before ityesterday.One fromtheconclusionsarrivedatasillogicaland tained. Aslaveholdercannotsettlehereand collator information relates* la the condition of unsound. retain his slaves; but by the common law, whichthe forte i s Charleston harbor, another makes It is not true that the United States constitute existed in the time o f the colonies and duringcitisfna of Booth Carolina all citiaeae of the a mere temporary league, which can b eTreasurysincetheinagurationofpoorPierce. successfulintherecentelectionhavecontrol— ciatedartistsgaveathreeweeks'seasonat But these enormous democratic spoliations more especially that of the State of New York— the Philadelphia Academy, and that tb e grossSouthe oowdonj Mat al>ocigation tiona. ooo.pleteWith riorD«pired ye was y e committedtoequally seriousol the accused. I t » e released o a bail<ley Judgegranted en injunction restraining the Bank we now live, was, "We, the people of the visiting South Carolina. agents and Florida war contractors, coveringfates. The ConveWWr in secret tbe representatives of the whole in Congress contrary. Slaves are recognized as property revolution of 1840. The prostration of "Nickan ordinance continuing the pre- assembled. The United States are a govern- in the constitution, and by the fifth amendment Biddie's monster"—the United States Bank -revenue ofllcers in their places, and ment, a n d t h e first principle o f a l l govern- it is provided that "no person shall be deprived and the substitution o f the "pet bank" system,gtheUnitedStatesrevenueandnav- ments—as itis thefirstlawof natureinindi- broughtabout thesplendid sbinplaster infla- nforce,subjecttocertainregala- ofhispropertywithoutdueprocessoflaw;"^mportant ordinance is published viduals—is self-preservation. No government and in the section about the rendition of tion of 1834-SA, which ended in the terrific ex- eportoftheproceedings, canbepeacefullybrokenup—nonewithoutfugitiveslaves,itisdeclaredthat"the plosionanddestructionofthewholefabricin therecentrobberyintheInte- revolution. Thefirstformoffederationfor citizens ofeach State shall beentitledto 1837. Inthisepochofinflation,speculation iittleofgeneralinteresttrans- thewholeStates,adoptedin1781—while alltheprivilegesandimmunitiesofciti- andextravagance,tbegeneralcontagionseizedley, the defaulting clerk, the result of the Revolutionary war zens in the several States." So that a upon thousands of the federal office holders,ered by bis bondsmen, and was still pending—is described b y t h e citizen o f South Carolina, being a citizen o f and contractors and jobbers of all sorts. ThusIt is said that other and instrument itself as "Articles of Con- the United States, has as much right to protec- it was that, in the campaign of 1840, the dis-,ve come to light against federation and Perpetual Union," and the tion of his property in slaves when visiting covered defalcations, embezzlements and spo-d that Russell will b e style o f t h e confederacy w a s " T h e United New York a s a citizen o f New York has t o liations o f collectors, land office registers,the several party journals in tbe State ductor at $400. Seven dollars and a half that the Speaker of the last State Assembly fa apiece for Colson, Brignoli, Susini, Ferri andIn this eity yester- States o f America." The preamble to the eon' protection o f h i s property i n -horses when United States marshals, attorneys, Indianof t h e Circuit Court, stitution, the form o f government under whichof tbe Republic from disposing of any of the United States, in order to form a more perfect stolen bond*. There is a point in connection withtheTenne»-*eebondsstolenfromtheInteriorDe- Union,"Ac.,"doordainandestablishthiscon-partment that should be made clear. There were stitution for the United States of America." slavery party at the North are hostile to itsthreeissuesofbondsfromthatState,letteredA, Thereisnoarticleorsectionwhichprovides institutions,andhavesucceededinelectingthefromthefaceoftheearth.with the peculations at Albany. No person engagedinthecrusadeofthelobbyinthe schemes last winter c a n b e again placed inPhiladelphia that tbe real cause of the failure ofoperaticenterprisesfatbeapathyofthe general public When the Germans tried the OperathefirsttimeattheAcademytheymadeB andC,andnumberedfromoneuptothehighest for the dissolution of this Union, none thatPresident o n that issue, therefore the whole North is hostile, and South Carolina ought to go out of the Union. Now, it is quite trueNextfolloweda sortofinterregnumoftwelve years at Washington, under PresidentsHarrison, Tyler, Polk, Taylor and Fillmore,during which the democratic party was in atransition state from the almighty dollarto public,not onlyin ourStateandnation,but the almighty nigger—from Jackson's financial,it p a y handsomely.T h e last time the publicnumber issued; consequently there are triplicatelooks to such an event a s possible, nothing i npower by receivingthem without t b e republican partydeserted werenotsufficienttopaytberent,orchestra and chorus. I t i s said now that whatever t h e stockholders might do, the public would stillInterior De-t h e justindignationo fa virtuousnumbers.partmentmentions thenumbers,.butnotthelet- aStateunderanycircumstances. Forexisting thattherepublicanpartyarehostiletoslavery; ters. Hence considerable confusion arises in the evils arising o u t o f any unequal working of but it is equally true that the South has nearly transactions in Wall street and elsewhere.are nothing new under the sun. We have had I will be watched with more than usual anxietyreceipts of the twelve performances amountedtwo editions of the democratic national organi-bythepublic,toseeifthereareanysymp- to$8,22260;theexpensesamountedto$8,186—.But the Sovereignty Convention of the Pal- many millions of dollars, literally swept thismetto State assumes that because t h e anti- old Jacksonian V a n Buren democratic party throw overboard all who have been mixed u pthroughout the civilized world. No other party ever had so great a duty before them as has the dominant party o f this State a t t h e present time. The question o f the selection o f officersBytbearrivaloftheAnglo-SaxonatPortland, kindofrevolutionbeingrecognizedunderthe elected. Insteadof SouthernStates,there- underanygovernmentunderthesun. These have been chosen bythepeopleaslegis-the constitution, the instrument itself providesanti-national bank agitation to the agitationhold back, troublesandthefestivitiesincidentaltotbe seasons* people have as much as they can a t - tendtowithoutgoingtotheOpera Stilltbe experiment of s subscription, emanating from the right quarter, and pushed b y the stock-federalinjusticet ot h eSupremean equal number of friends at the North, who,with t h e votes o f t h e Southern States, c a n of this more permanent and formidable ques- always keep abolition in check! Mr. Lincoln tion o f Southern slavery. But in this transi-blow through the campaign of 1866 success-and true at tbe North to protect Southern fully, the life of the party seems only to have spicuous in favor of those projects alone58,180 be legally cancelled b y o n e o f the parties only return to reason, they can find more allies• thereto. Theactofcancellingitisanactof thantheyneedintheNorthernpopulationto sensions,ithasbeendisplaced;anditsblood- election'byapartythathasjustbeensuccess-dissolution.Torntopiecesbyitsinternaldis-honoratthiscriticaltime,muchmorehis $7,804,700 revolution. T h e claim o f South Carolina, demolish republicanism root and branch, and, suckers, before retiring, a r e simply appro- ful in a national contestTHTBLOW WBBD'S FBOSBAL SLATE.—It fa stated,uponwhatappearstobereliableautho- rity, that Thurlow Weed's late visit to Spring- field was made with a view of ruling the Tri- buneclique entirely out of the field, so far ss the distribution of the federal spoils iscon- cerned. Weed took h is slate with him, and Lincoln pondered over t h e names suggested for the New York offices. First and foremost,therefore,thatinthestepshehastakenshehas acted according to law and the nature of the compact,forweal or wo, into which she delibe- ratelyentered,is contraryto thewell knowninthewordsofthepreamble totheconstitu- tion, "establish justice" upon such a basis aspriatingallthepublicfundstheycanlaytheirour career as a nation; the ship of State thatitcannotbeshakenforalltimetocome. Thisfatheuniversallawinallrevolutionary thatcarriesthehopesandhappinessofthirtyThe Commissioners of Emigration, at their week- facts o f American history. If she based h e rly meeting held yesterday, passed a resolution that act o n t h e right o f revolution, then we couldthe subject el drafting a bill to be presented to the understand th e logic of her argument, thoughLegislatureforthesaleofthelateMarineHospi-nottheprudenceofhercourse.Fortherightworldshallnotforgetthat.hestilllives.talgroundsandthelocationofanewQuarantine,ofrevolutionistherightofthestrongest,and republicanpartywillthuscomeintopowertherepublicanpartyhavebeencalledtothetaryoftheTreasury.ThiswouldbeagoodamitheerectionofanewMarineHospital,bere- Through thecolumnsofhisspecialorganat is only sanctified b y success. The lessons of Richmond t h e hero o f Accomac breathes firewithamountainloadofdebts,deficienciesanddrawbacks upon their shoulders. Under t h e safely guiding i t through t h e dangers that administer tbe affairs o f that department natchferred to the President and counsel to the Board. history, from the beginning of the world,preachThis was all the business of any public interest that and sword, and, like the war horse, scents themost ensouraging auspices it would be as muchastheycoulddotostraighten nptheTreasury whichwecanjudgeoftheprobablefateofthat firstdisturbedandthenparalyzedthe financestheuniformdoctrineofVcevictis—"woeto battleafaroff. TheWiseplanofpreventing was transacted. Thenumber of emigrant* ar- thevanquished." SouthCarolinacannot,there-besetit Thefirstpublicactofthepartyfrombetterthanthelateincumbent,who,havingrived during the past weak was 1,339, which the republicans from entering into the enjoy- makesthenumberlandedheresincethe31stof fore,escapefromtheresponsibilityofhermentofthefederalspoilsfatoseizeuponthein four years. B u tfrom the antecedents of thisparty in their management of State affairs in the organization of the next State Assembly in•uhject. cfao getmri Friday next.«fha ihav smv <aa taaaaa^n & a AMAAIU. - ^mmw^w^p„^^wwwawo> *••••wwrHaDUyral Treasury would offer a rich placer; but asmattersnowstandItfabynomeansImproba-veins. ThemalignantpsrstawstisefMr.Buchananlowest,lathewaythattheresultwillfurnishBnttheNewYorkPostmasterisa!officer; large amounts of money pass thresfh his hands, and it is absolutely requisite that beact under the shield of law. It will b e solelyperiodforMfltwasT*,0T0.Thecom- aquestionofpolicywiththefederalgovern- venttheinaugurationof"HonestOldAbeDecember,MM, 105,456.Thenumberlandedduringcapitalonthe4thofMarchnext,andthuspro*New York,Massachusetts,Vermont, Wisconsina^^a A^BAA\^v * v tia s v w ai ^^aa*ai U r* •BBFSr Bi^^^sja# %s aJaww ^8/amountsto|7,«876.ment whether it w l l enforce Hi laws In thatandOthersecedingStates. Itwillhavetheundoubted right, if it thinks fit to exercise i tThere is not and cannot he any right o f seces-sion,exceptasftrightofrevolution. thewater;andindisplacingthedemoralizedtits further < tiltBoardadjournedaMat• aSawehetttosi a f vices. Under ordliiary circumstances the fede- soon sack o u t every remaining drop i n hisrepublican o r democrat, will east his vote post o r ahould g o abroad. H e h a s h i s forofficersefthatbody,fromthehighesttothe courtclothes alllaidawayinThe argument of South Carolina is equallydemocracy to make room for the republicans, we may perhaps realize the tear o f the fox i n thetable,thattodriveawaythefliesthatwore gorged With his blood would only be to makeaJawSpIw aaUv^PaKO M M C O iQV/OO**Ex-GovxBNOB W B B GOIXO TO WAB.—Our old friend, ex-Governor Wise, o f Virginia, al- though outofoffice, isdetermined thatthetake all they can lay their hands upon and perous nation on the face of the globe, has, carry it off, leaving to th e party supplanting during a dangerous storm, entered perilousLincoln," Wise,whofawellknownasacool, prudent, wary individual, the ©ecu ideal o f a militaryleader,fatocommandtheforcestobe raised for this purpose. This information we gather from the ex-Governor's organ, and we see one very important obstacle In the Governor'sway. He,of course,* * j^riot, and is ac- tuated by the purest motives; but he is also a politician, and must be aware that his follow- ers expect some solid reward f o r their ser-They take to the lobby and lobby jobs of all winter be ailed by another set of men, we shall sortsasnaturallyasducksandgeesetaketohavereasontohopethattherefajetabrightsay that he now spends his time between pray-The inquest Into the 0Y«fl hottdckte atWQ. break up the government When abolition thieving clerks, Wall street broken and con- ing and weeping, night and day,over the the present perilous times. The republicancannot b o ft justification for her attempt toUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comns some hope that ws shall safely pass throughabounding evils o f these gloomy times. Bnt I party owe their success in a great measure to should b e s careful, prudent business man.ble that between t h e knavish public officers,hands upon in providing for the future.changes of governments. The party abdicating million souls, forming the most free a n d pros-them thesettlementoftheirlittlebills.Thewaters,withrocksandbreakersonallsides;MosesH.GrqftellwasmarkeddownasSecre-and elsewhere, w e have little to hope from occupied by those who were actively engaged theminthewayofretrenchmentandreform. in favor ofthe-piratical schemes of lastcourse left for the President to pursue istodismiss his entire Cabinet, appoint new men intheir places, and instigate a rigid and thorough investigation.Thereisnootheralternativefortoanyperson.TheywillleaseforanOperaagain a candidate f o r that position. C a n i tbe possiblethat,inviewofthebarefaced enoughtopayfortheirgloves. Thecom- rascality of the last Legislature in regard to pany spent in Philadelphia $8,581—thatthelegislationforthiscityalegislativebodyfa,theyleftinPhiladelphia$368morethantheythathasbeenstyledthemostvenalthatever receivedthere. Hadtheartistsreceivedtheir assembledattheStatecapitol—inconnection usualsalaries,themanagerwouldhavelostwith the startling disclosures from Washing- over $4,000 by this successful Philadelphia ton, Mr. Littlejohn h a s the least show for a n season.election to that post of honor ?If the republican party wish to convince the It fa urged that as the Opera assists public o f the honesty o f their pretensions, and certain branches o f trade materially, the per-sons so benefitted should subscribe for seasonthe fulfilment of their promises to bring tbe ad-ministration of the affairs of the nation backto tickets, thus giving the artists a permanent its original honesty and justice, they must basis. It fa quite as true of New York as ofLincoln's official oath.It is not necessary at this time to refer to thecourse of Mr. Littlejohn in the last Legisla-goAs for the stockholders, they are' not to blame for adhering to their pri-beyond suspicion, the fact of his being con-We arenowat a turning pointinhelm, a n d upon them devolves t h e duty o f appointment M r . Grinnell would certainlynobleship,withitspreciouscargo,isthatofofthegovernment,desertedhispostsndwent hometo Georgiato dohisbesttowardsbreaking uptheUnionwhichhesworetodefend Next •n Weed's slate OH Abe found the name ef W.H.SewardssMinistertoEngland,andW.M. Evertsto succeed Seward la the Senate, Weed fixingthingsforEvertsintbenextLegislature. And finally, the Chevalier Webb loomed up a ss candidate for the New York Post Office. Now w s have a ward or two to say abosstfttheEmpireState. Shouldtheplacesoftrustfuturebefore us.officers arere-elected, itwill betakenassn evidence that the confidence of the public has been betrayed, We trust, therefore, in view of the importance of the question, that every mem-On the contrary, if the samet n - room f<WL* n e W " * h t t n « r y swarm, that would J ber of the House of Assembly, whether he be s clination, should either have a militaryin free.So it fa not the fault of the artists or thestockholders, it is understood, have cancelled Ullman'slease,andhaveresolvednotto1st the building for a year or a lengthened periodMuzio—two dollarsandahalf perweek! Notthfa last warrior b yproposition, trade a n dWebb, being a diplomat b ythem altogether,a n dt h ereceipts•TM nristmas day, was iiiiiiiiiiwiln'of slavery in the Southern States is decreed by CongressandthoPresident,andsanctionedbyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tractors, the Treasury w iU b e entirely emptyevenif thfabetrue,ia Itta haaranAMNkS •* I«w**»*;** i«.«K»~.VIU_in,i A-„«,»:.»~rIL. K-„_ .V k«-_.._,y. k. oKV* AA mk^ttMtHi 