 I860.Lor three >*rane©g• on Mon- wlllbeTor a TtsiSUnion would not of itself create a duty on the part of per annum of interest, and many others, void. In be void. But Congr**** b** P ^ d no such act. the Stales which should abolish Slavery to respect the other States such contracts, or some of them, may be. The repugnancy of the /aw ot Delaware with tbe-md all sre isrx3rcss w thex>6- :0Q wGI D* omi nationtho price rul^i from 50-&55c. Su£<ur7 50c2>$l. Of were taken out of the poceeeijion of Mrs. Lemmon slave, Somerset, whom he had purchased in Virginia, course of a journey between two elaveholdiog Statee, point. They claim 117 votes at the start, exclusive Pice very little in market, and brings 35® 40c. Coffee, while in transitu between Norfolk, in Virginia, and and was entitled to hold in a state of Slavery by the aid if he does, the slave shall be free. Our own citi- of New-York, bat including the East and a portion 45'a50c. Bnlter, $1. Beans, 40.®45c Hay, $1,000 the State of Texas and that both Virginia and Texas laws prevailing there. Wiiile they were in London zens are of couree bound by this regulation. If thes Alei»of the South, and are alio sure of Ms nomination on tae fourth ballot, by the aid of Kentucky and Ten-»ht» f * e b bis ep- nz among feat. The s, will coa-Conmuitee » Attorney- i( juatment o£ $20,1360.fa COXTEs*-fur Caaitea- I*iand deltv y. If ther* jral is to be bly part an* he drfactkw c delegates, support Mr.this oa tit* place.te Delaware t she prefcr- iile Senator are for Mr.LAS.have freely k£r. Dongja*,probably >r bim. H© windings ofSK.E. ,' .m Dyke, late bia, was re- h the took of meuveTing toIf the T«- Iwast'of. kar- .ciali at that iy should notlock ? There ' po-5tau*ater-r. That he wposition that he screts,WPTtXST COJf-1 that tne fear two ortkroo ase avowed by te adoption of his letter to that raticina-Gov. Walker I the reference t^e people ofeminent Dexn* gtitution wnick xosracy by na- rough Congreaaoppose it, be own successor, reed to resign, sra Fire-eaters?April 20, I860. tne Covode' I*- to impeach tiebetween Go*. ;hat the members bat Gov. WaJksrreferred as in bis in 1857.dsa>5t unanimous & Eitabrook, sst of the Spans* arm steamers »» >anish owners torronce. - »&2Tirv subject to lcreakof nptrsrc and the predionEonse Conaxaitte providing for • rdance with H*av.dob, however,-w* t gentlemen. Xp ornof Sardinia, 3Ted to 8 first-cl** , the Airiafae, *g riches: and i<** *rhicb. eitensiveso- ^.ative £overirj*» tiaed/ sod the *•"[ton ha* conelgj0* iumeniand a****"SEES, T A TTES. 'lore n>v«t to s ^tt a quean, » *»*"*penetrate the Cotton States, his nomination will least five da3 s if so soon as that time. Tnere are 500 §>e}lea by necessity to touch or'land, but did not intendOn application to Lord Mansfield, Chief Justice o tbe King's Bench, a writ of habeas corpus was issued to Knowies as master of the vessel, whose return to.) sad an A*3*°*£ e40hof Aptfl, 7M -sported, » J J 1 a*>ut which*****wai negatived, % 1,ganiing* 1^*3B<tHad all hands, five in number, perished.——•—•. Market*.K«^into»s expodirA TTEMPTTDto commit suicide last night at No. 115 Wooster street, iky taking a huge quantity of strychnine. He was just recovering from a spell of dissipation, and wasbee^0 0 aeofa"t d*'IiJonathan Lenimonngt. Tbe People exreL Louis Napoleon.DSN lof J'—The petition upon which the writ of habeas CoTJ'tiP was iassed, states that the colored per-rights of the owners of slaves escaping thence from lawful.the States where it continu»d to exist. But no ore would contend that if made within this The apprehenson was not that the States would es- State by a citizen of another State they would be en-Constitution is placed entire/v on its repugnancy witn the power to regulate commerce with f'orefgn °*tt<>0* and among the several States—a ;»Ower which has noti\4m NEW-YORK DAILt TRIBUNE, SAmmSAX,APRILw' : • • • 21, 186d.' •ance South than was expected at Washington, butmainly from individual delegates who cannot cisco, valued at $140,000. The wealth, of the main the ultima'e place of destination.m'HM* ...*«~*-*t. ifcci',^?-' -•>:;-*jBightDaysLaterfromCalifornia. IndignationofFernandoWood. AKRIVAL Ol^ THE PONY EXFB1DSS.THE LEMMONCASE.BECISION OF THE COURT'OF APPEALS.State,undertbelaws thereof,escaping into another,shall in consequence of any law OS regulation thoreinBut this abridgement, unless it comes In confliut witfctbeCfDStitotiOnor a law,of theUnitedSpates,is «a tJfSQr betwen tbe Government of Delaware and its crtt^'THICHARLESTONCONVENTION.rMPBOVEMENT IN DOUGLAS'S PROSPECTS. •AT.A-PiwOPTHE ADMINISTRATION.Kew-Iorfc SoHs for Bonglas or Guthrie.•JHJOW Dteprtch to T l » N. t . Triboaa.TMCBARLE.STOS, Friday, April 20, I860. Fernando Wood and his followers arrived heresons sought t'i oe discharged from imprisonment were, tsbbsh rules or regulations looking primarily to the forced in our Courts. Ce'rta'n of them, if made in an- been exere'red so as to affect tbe question." The sam* on the preceding n.;£f"t, taken from tbe steamer City of emancipation of the fugitives from labor, but that the other State in conformity with the laws there, would principle bad been affirmed in SturgM aizt. Crowia-last night, and have established open house at S t•npon, and will endeavor to make trouble in the Con-vention. But hi« efforts will prove ineffectual. He River are 350 men in a starving condition, shut in byba* no party or power.The friends of Mr. Douglas, though still confident,*re»<&exoli&ni,aoadfear&defectionatsomeweakmond, and to the man in whose house in Carlisle street they ar« confined." .to the cultivated and intelligent men who were the presumed aesent of the Legislative authority of theparticular State in which tbe right is claimed;" and anthat the transportation of elavea from one slaveholding State to another is an act of international State com- merce, which may be legallv protected and regulatedmost violent enow-storm.At the Mono and Walker'Bprincipal actors in framing the Federal Constitution. A Virgiuia gentlemen of the name of Stewart had•Jii m„h,—1 1 •2W"* *citizenofone State ajwrtlng righto inanother,nxosvclaim them according to il& lews of the last mentionedthe right to build a seawall along the entire water "SKO. 1 No perBon held 113 a slave shall he imported, intro- miles, passed the State Senate on the 4th, end iis sup- except in tbe cases hereinafter specified. Every such persontion already, seconded by quiet influence from Penn- porters claim that it will pass the Asssmbly within a shall be free. Every person held as v. slave who bath been intro du-.edorbroughtinthisStatecontrarytothelawsiuforceatthesylvania. w?ek. Intenee opposition to the project is manifested time, shall be Tret."in San Francisco, and an indignation meeting is called " SEC. 16. Ev*ry person born in this State, whether white orThe Soft delegation from New-York will meet to- for ro-morrow evening to express the public eentiment colored, is free. Eveiy person who snail hereafter be horn withinagement from the South be given outside of Ken-tucky. There is a strong inclination in that direc- front of San Francisco, embracing a distance of five dnccd or brongqt into this State on any pretense wnatsoever,^neral Southern protestGeorgia has 40 delegates here, but she is entitledThe ship Lookout; is loading for New-York, and will held in Slavery, and may take such person with him take 25,000 bags wneat, and 18,000 bbls. whale oil. from this State; but the person so held in Slavery shall The geceial news is exceedingly meager. An im- not reside or continue in this State more than nine months; if such residence be continued beyond that timo auch.person Bhall be free." In the year 1841, the Legislature repealed this section, together with theof the presence of a slave in a Free State was not to prevail, but he was by an express provision in the Fed- eral compact to be returned to tbe party to whom the service was due. Other cases were left to be governed by the general laws applicable to them. This was not unreasonable, as the owner was free to determine whether he would voluntarily permit his slave to gojustice. The fourth article of the Confederation con- tains an exception to tie provision for a common citi- zeuship, excluding- from its benefits paupers and vaga- b( nde as well as fbgitivesfrom justice; bu this excep- tion was omitted in the correBponding provision of the Constitution.o only 20, tickets for whom will be usued by Judge mense mass-meeting was held in San Francisco on theSi>ailey when they have selected that number.'Xhe impression is that the Dooglas delegates from Baltimore will be admitted as regulars, though a test issue may possibly be made if the Southshould be able to concentrate its strength.Dr. N3es is helping Randall to press Mr. Dick- inson, but with little effect The New-Yorkregulars give him-the cold shoulder decidedly.Gen. Cushing will probably be the President of the Convention, having consented to come with thatassurance.Mr. Buchanan znd the Administration areignored here as if they were dead.T a e T o w n of I^ewisbnrjr, A r k a n s a s I > e s t r o y e d » y J F i r e .eve of the 6ih, to protest against the passage by the Assembly of the Senate bulkhead bill. Strong resolu- tions were unanimous'y adopted denouncing the bill as a ewincle upon the Stace, and calling in question the iztegriiy of its eupportf rs. It WBS the most formidable demonstration that has taken place in San Francisco for many years.This Bulkhead bill is under consideration in the Ahtembly to-day, and its passage of that body is con- sidered a foregone conclasion. Great confidence is felt that the Governor will veto it, and that the bill will never become a law. The bill appropriating $250,000 to open nine wagon-roads over the Sierra- Novaea Mountains has pasted both branches of the Legislature.A bill has ?lso passed appropriating $15,000 to sur- vey and open the die eastern boundary of the State; also, an act appropriating $10,000 to the deaf and dumb and the blind. It contemplates a State institu- tion. A bill has passed the Legislature appropriating $30,000 for a State Reform School at Marysvilie,If a elave attempting to come into a State of hia own four containing other exceptions to the general pjcovis-, within a juriediction which did not allow himto.be accord can be excluded on the ground mentioned,LOUISVILLE, Ky., Friday, April 20, 1860.The Memphis Enquirer of the 17th inst., reports country thereabouts was enveloped ia snow, and themountain passes obstructed, bad operated for several that the Town of Lewisbnrg, Conway County, Arkan- days to retard emigration to the Washoe mines.sas, was entirely destroyed by fire, several days since. Ko particulars are as yet received.The Lawrenceburg Bask of Tennessee has suspend- ed. The cashier says it will be all right again in a few days.•2 ¥ o n - A r r i v a lHALIFAX, Fridiy,April20—8p.m.There are as yet no signs of the steamship America,The rash has recommenced within a aay or two, and 500 emigrants were at Placerviile t*>-day on their way to the mountains.All the pack animals and stages there are engaged several days ahead.Tae latest accounts from Washoe represent the weather unfavorable for labor, and people are arriving faster than accommoca*ion6 for living can be provided. Flour there is $50 to $60 per cwt ; BUgar $1 par pound, and other articles of food in proportion. There was but little forage for animals, hay having been sold atEach State has, moreover, the right to enact such of citizens in the several States. [Art. 4, sec. 2.] No rules as it may see lit respecting the title to property, provision in that instrument has so strongly tended too ft h eA f r i c a .pofsesethe attributes of property, and what shall be incapable of a proprietory riyht. These powers may, of course, be vanoualy limited or modified by its own constitutional or fmidamentallaws; but independently of such restraints (some are alleged to exist agectingas this. Its influ&nce in that direction cannot be fully estimated without a consideration of what would have been the condition of the people if it or some similar provision had not been inserted. Prior to the adoption of the articles of confederation, the British colonies onlanded on the territory of the State in consequence of a marine accident or tti ess of weather.now due here with Liverpool dates of the 7th inst. $350 per tun.The mining accounts are of the same tenor as previ-this case) the legislative authority of the State upon this continent had no political connection, except thatIn either case they would, in strictness of language,have been introduced and brought into the State. Inthe latter case, their being here being involuntary, theywould not have been brought here in the meaning'of THE CANAL JSOARD AND CENTRAL the statute. (See the case of the brig Enterpiize, inSevere Tornado.ST. LOUIS, Friday, April 20, I860.A tornado passed over Carlenville, Ulinois, on Mon- day cvsning, unrcoang and blowing down houses, barns, treee, and fetces. The roof of the Lutneran Church vrae blown some distance, and the walls wereously reporteo. New silver leads are discovered al- most dai'y, but it will require months to test the value of each lead The marrelons nebness of the Comstock vein, which is thoroughly tested, is about the only ev- idence relied upon, sho wing the valoe of hundreds of the veins.they were severally dependencies on the British Crown. Their relation to each other was the same which they respectively bore to the other English colonics, whether in Europe or Asia.the decisions of the Commission of Claims, under the Convention of 1853, p. 187.) Bat the caee does not present either of these features. Its actual circum-RAILROAD.From Thr Albany Statetman, April 19. .At a meeting of the Canal Hoard, held yesterday,The bark Booker,, with later news from the Sand- neatly a mile and a half through the air. Children wich Island?, is entering the harbor as the expressjurisdiction.These are defined^ in tbe absence of express legisla-tion, by the general assent and by the practice an4 usage of civilized countries, and being considered as iceo'rpoiated into the municipal law, aiv freely admin- istered by the Courts. They are not, however, thus allowed on account of any supposed power residing ia another State to enact laws which should be bindingon our tribunals, but from tbe presumed assent of the even amoi>^ closely allied States. This was effectedjnnch iz>JTa-ed. The roof of a dwe'ling was carried'were picked up by the wind *ad carried a considerable iistarce; stoclc was killed in ?vary direction. A man .•aimed Lowe was killed byligbmmg; many persons"-were wounded, and the destruction of property wasleaves. The whole number of letters taken from Sin Francisco b\ tbe Ponv Express will not exceed 25.SVRINGFIKI.O, M O , Friday April 20, 1860.The Overland mail coach, with San Francidco datesto March 30/ arrived fipre at about 3 o'clock tnis morn-very great. A BimiJar s:orm visited Louisiana, Mo., ing. The main features.of the news have been antici-t>n tbe same evening, doing much damage to property and injuring several people... opated by the pony express, but the following additional items are famibbed: The \;balers Ocean Bird and Caritz returned to this port on the 29th. bringing 1J800law-making power to abide by the usages of other civ- ilized States. Hence it follows that where the Legis- lature of tbe State, in which a right or privilege is ckimed on the ground of comity, has by its laws spoken upon the subject of the alleged right, tho tribunals are not at liberty to eearch for the rule of decision among tbe doctrines of international cotnit/, bat are bound to adopt the directions laid down by the political govern- ment ol tbeir own State. 'We have not, therefor?, considered it necopBary to inqn re whether by the l a w ot nations, a country where negro Slavery is established Las generally a right to clam of a^ieighboring State, in which it is not a'lowed, the right to have lhat species of property re- cognized &nd pro'ectea in the course of alawful journey taken by the owner through the last meutsoned country, as would undoubtedly be the case w:th a subject recog- nized as property evervwhere; and it is proper to say that the counsel for the appellant has not urged that principle it support of the claim of Mrs. Lemmon.'What has been said as to the right of a uovrehm State to determine the statu* of persons within its ju- risdiction applies to the Slates of this Union, excepr, as ic bas been modified or restrained by the Constitution of tbe United States, (Grover agt. Slemsater, 15 Pet. 449; Moore agt. The People of Illinois, 14 How. B : City of New-York agt. Milne, 11 Pet. 131, 139).by tbe fouiih article of that instrument, which declared that the ime inhabitants of each of the States (paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted) should be entitled to all privileges and immunities of free citizens in the several States, and that the people of each State should have fiee ingress and regress to and frc'tn anv other State, and should enjoy therein all the privileges of trade and commerce, subject to the same daties, impositions, and restrictions as the inhabitants thereof, respectively.The Constitution organized a still more intimate Union, constituting the States, for all external pur- poses and for certain enumerated domestic objects, a siiiglc nation; but still the principle of State sovereign- ty was retctixied as to all subjects, except such as were embiaced in the delegations of power to the General Govejuwent or prohibited to the Siates The Bocial status of the people, and their na'-ural and relative rights us reepecis each other, tbe definitions and ar- ritngcments of property, were among tbe reserved powers of tho States. The provision conferring rights ot citizenship upon the citizens of every State in every other State was inserted substantially as it stood in the articles of confederal ion. *M a r y l a n d S t a t e C o n s t i t u t i o n a l C o n - barrels coast whale oil, an exceedingly large catch.aa.e mwww.fultonhistory.comBmm& —— — i — teasmmvention, &c.BAL TIMOKZ, Friday, April 20, 1860.Nineteen whales have been taken in Monterey this y t a r b y the small boats engaged in the coast whaleTh*. Constitutional Convention continued in session fishery. The emigration to the vVashoe mines, iB in-- -until a3ter midnight. It was finally determined to ap- point I>i.trict Electors, and the following ticket was chosen:State «t large^—Alexander Evans, J. Dixon Roman.DistrieU—Jamej M. Dennis, J. C. 8<niih, S«unae! M. !Ranlun, Wi*. Price, James S Carper, Alexander B. i£a*r»er.creasing.It is believed that an average of fifty people leaveSan Francisco daily ior those mines, and tbe emigra- tion is proportionally large from all parts of the State. There is danger that the stock of provisions in Carson Valley cannot be kept up to tbe wints of the rapidly increasing population, as the roads over the mountains are in a very bad conditioru and tbe cost of transporta-The new pclice appointed by the Police Commission- tion of merchandise at £2o to $30 per cwt. Flour aters entered on duty to-day, superseding the Mayor's police.Csrfon VaUey bae advanced to $50 per cwt.The telegraph reports that the Snperir!t»,ndent of tbe Overland Pony Express has arived in Genoa, Caraoa Valley, .wbeie'he met the Superintendent of the Salt Lake Telegraph Company, who states that the arrange- In the suit of Mary E. Clayes agt. The Boston and ments fcrthc proposed connections are nearly cpm- "Worcester Bailr»ad Company, for $20,000 damages, p4eu d; so that the express and telegraph ai each end j^br pereontl injuries on the road, the,Jury of the of the line will be ready to commence operations on thepassengers ooming here from foreign countries as b -ing transported by sea between ports in different try of the Attorney-General and hui associate^ Mr.States, to' be an operation ol foreign and inter-State Beynolds, the people have a guarantee that the justice commerce, and holding moreover that tho power to of. their demand against tbe Central Railroad will beH e a v yBOSTON, Frioay, April 20,, 1860.V erdict-regulate commerce was exclusively vested in Con- fully and faithfully presented..giees, declaied these actsto be a violation ofthe Con- With us tbe people will rejoice that this corrupt and•Supreme Cent to-day awarded the plaintiff $10,000..•M a r i n e I H s a K t e r — Low* o f L i f e .^PBOVIBJEJJCS. Friday, April 20, 1860.The schooner A. L. Packer of New-H«tven, Hem- on the 24th January, and Joseph Senna was drownedsnmgway, from >ort Ewen for Providence.! with a February 11. A Japanese servant of Mr. Allcock, the cargo of 185 tuns <»o*l foundered on Tuesday Light British Minister at Yecdo, was murdered by his coun-The question now to be considered is, how far the State jurisdiction over the Bnbjects just mentioned is restricted by the provsion we are considering, or to come at once to the precise point in controversy, whether it obliges the State Governments to recog- nize, in any way, within their own jurisdiction, thetrymen shortly before the Powhatan left. The Min- ister took no official notice of it.The British steamship Topaz had arrived off Hon- olulu, but sailed again, not beiog able to enter the harbor en account of an insufficient depth of water. She required 23 feet, and the harbor has but 22.Trade was very dull at Honolulu, and business from year to year was'thought to be on the decline.Tbe Jury again failed to convict Mr. Cha*e of adul- terating acias belonging to the Sin Francisco Mint, standing six for conviction and six for acquittal. A nolleprosequi bw been entered.iO^c. &r mlddttof.April 19.—COTTON—SakM to-day, 8,500 bales at 10Jc Tk„ by Justice Osborn, upon complaint of John Buckman,visions of the Federal Constitution in conciliatory legis-lation on the part of the several States toward the polity,institutions, and interests of each other, of a much propeity in slaves, which the citizens of States in more persuasive character than those whichprevail between the most friendly States thatare unconnected by any political union; but these areaddressed exclusively to the political power of the re-spective States, to that whatever opinion we may en-tertain as to tbe reasonableness, or polity, or even oftbe moral obligation of tbe non-Slaveholding States toestablish provisions similar to those which have beenstricken out of the Revised Statutes, it is not in ourpower while administering the laws of the State in oneof ite tribunals of justice, to act at all upon those senti-ments, when wo Bee, as we cannot fail to do, that theLegislature has deliberately rejected them.tdri8a ^ m ? ?o*TM^**}****wbich Slavery prevails may lawfully claim within their own States, beyond the caae of fugitive slaves. Tho language is that they shall have the privileges and immcijities of citizens in the several States. In my opinion, the meaning is, that in a given State, every citizen of every other State shall have the same privileges and immunities, that is, the same rights, which the citizens of that State possess.fast until the ground has been covered by an act olCongress. State legislation on these subjects is not solidated, as will be seen in the following section:hostile to the power residing in Congress to regulate SKCTIOW 5. The rights of creditor* of any corporation* that (ommwrce; but if Congress, in the execution ol that hall be oontolidated »hnll not iu any manner he impaired by »ny power, shall have enacted special regulations touching ct of consolidation, nor tfutll any liability or obligation Jor fA* the particular subject, euch regulations then become payment o/ any monrv note due or Ker*ajt«r to botom* dv* to fA#k***? Bvtheriy blow and high croa* s»a, ke^eenNorwalk andtBlack Eock,sumed all the liabilities of all the roads that were con-BiWTOM.April 20^-Fior* . W 7 £ Hov»rd Ftr««t »«- >jrfiJW * « . WHXATfirxa. Coxx firm: White, -varfic • Y«i- iaw TVZnSc. PxOTWItOrt dull; M w POKK * « TV'Prim* *lS;Itoiap.SM. BACON «t » c Wn„ » « 'tot «t wix elusive of all interference on tbe part of the States.Thin ifl shown bv the case of Wilson agt. The Black.Stote, or any individual, or uuy cUUu or detuaud for damage, tor ny act done, or neglect suffered bv any »ncb corporation, b* lu ay manner releaaed or impaired, but »uch n»w corporation UK 0 c FKII.ADXXJ'HIA, ilfri' 20. - .FLOr* firm at »6^*6V> faVmrtnt*. SM. WHKAT rt«J> ;K«d. *I 50; Whit, eI O&tfrra VE£rIn the first place, they are not to be subjected to any of the disabilities of alienage. They can hold prop- erty by the same titles by which every other citizen may hold it, and by no other. Again, any discriminat- ing legislation which should place them in a woite sit uation than a proper citizen of the particular State would be unlawful. But the clause has nothing to do with the distinctions founded on domicile. A citizen of Virginia, having his home in that State, and never having been within the State of New*York, has the same rights under our laws which a native born citi- zen, domiciled elsewhere would have, and no other. Either can be the proprietor of property here, butneither could claim any rights whioh under our laws belong only to residents of tho State.But where the laws of the several States differ, aCanal Co. (2 Peters, 250.) The State of Delaware ******* t 0 ""o^***1 t o »«ch obligation* and HabtlKJe* and to be bad authorized a corporation to erect a dam across a held huble to p*y and di»charKe all the debt* and Uablllde* of reek below, tide-water, in order to drain a marsh. taoh ot the corpoiatnn* that »hall be *o con»oltd*ted, utktthrr o« The validity of the act, was drawn in question on the tontract, or for mUconduct oi uejtleot, cither m ti,i» State or to tndfviduul; and U »haU b< UabU to have action brouyht ayain*t t to enforce the payment oj any money or damage* or th* per-3»OKX »iij 50; picked Ham., 10c. WKi»KT n ^ . $££ MOUICM, April 18.—COTTON—S*l«« to-day, l.ooo bal©*^ 1 f r around that it was in conflict with the power of Con- resB to regulate commerce. The objec of the improve-luark*t SloMd dull.jaach depressed in spirits. •the Sixth Ward Police last night arrested George Lin- enthaL The prisoner Is charged with selling lottery policies for the drawing of a foreign lottery.•^The Presbyterian Herald announces that the Rev. Br. W, L. Breckinridge has accepted the Presidency of OaiUmd College,Miss.liability to pay «uch money or damu<«», or perform »aoh duty the Court, Chief Justice Marshall observed that ud no luit, action, or other proceeding* now pending before anr8UICIDE.—Thomas Wheeler attempted" means to produce these objeota (that is, health and the like), provided they do not come in collision with the powers of the General Government, are undoubt- edly within those which are reserved to the States. But the measure authorized by this act stoj.a a navi- gable creek, and must be supposed to abridge the rights of thote who have been accustomed to use it.court or tilbunal, Is which any railroad company that invrUi consolidated i* a party, shall be deemed to hare abated t>r dl»- contiuued, by reason of any suoh agreoueavof coatoUdati«« • W ; the same niay be proaecuted to hnal judgment iu tho same anas.- ner a* if the aaid corporation had not entered Into saoh. aneecfeMtt of consolidation, or the said new oorporntloumay be auhailtuu J aa a party in the place of any corporation of whioh H 5 5 U. composed, by order of the oourt la which such action. auiL orproceeding may bo ponding.on the subject.this State shall be free; and every person brought Into tbis Slate as a slave, except as authorized by this title, shall be free." (It. 8., part 1, ch. 20, title 7.)into a State where Slavery did not exist, even though it were without the consent and against the will of the owner. A fortiori he would be free if the master voluntarily oronght him into a Free State for any purpose of his own. But the provision in the Cousti-morrow to organize formally. No preference will be expressed till the question of the contested seats 3 decided, but their alternatives are Messrs. Dong-as and Guthrie, evidently with scattering partiali-ies. They will not take Mr. Douglas against a Japanese Embassadors. thiB State, may bring with him any person lawfullyLATER.SAN FRANCISCO, April 10, 1860—3:12 p. m.N> arrivals Bince the departure of the steamer.Sailed—6th, sbp Torrent, for Pufret Sound; 7th, " Any person, not being an inhabitant of this State,United States steamer Powhatan, for Panama, with the who shall be traveling to or from, or passing through:Tbe 1 ite Btorms experienced throughout the S- ale, tionably correct Every sovereign State has a right tocoupled with the intelbgence from Placerviile that the determine by its laws tne condition of all persons whomay at any time be within its jurisdiction to exclude therefrom those whose introduction would contravene its policy, or to declare tbe conditions upon which they may be received, and what subordination or restraint may lawfally be allowed by one OIUBS or description of persone over another.contemplating the future existence of States which should have abolished Slavery, in a political union with other States where tbe insiituion would still remain in force. It would naturally be supposed that if there were other cases in which the rights of slave owners ought to be protected in the States which should abol- ish Slavery, they would be adjusted in connection with the provision' looking specially to that case, in- tended primarily for. cases to which slaves had no necessary relation. It bas been decided that the fugi- tive clause does not extend beyond the case of the actual escape of a slave from one State to another. (Ex parte Simmons, 4 Wash. C. C. R., 300.) But the provision is plainly so limited by its own language.The Constirution declares that the citizens of each State shall'be entitled to all privileges and immunitiesowner cannot lawfully do anything which our laws do not permit to be done by one of our own citizens, and as a citizen of tbis State cannot bring a slave within it limits except under the condition that he shall imme- ceiately become free, the owner cf these slavtB could rot do it without involving himself in the same conae- qie.ee.It remains to consider the effect upon this caee of th provisions by which the power is given to Congress to regulate commerce among tbe several States. (Art. 1, $ 8, Tf 3.) If the slaves hud been passing through the navigable waters of this Siite in a vessel having a coasting license granted under the act of Congress regulating the coasting trade, in the course of a voyage between two Slave States, and in that situation it hiis been interrupted by the operation ofthe vrritof habeas corpus} I am not prepared to say that they could have been discharged under the provisions of the statute.absurd and burdensome provisions of shave legislation, the; come but with the following resolution:"And all this must be borne without a murmur on our part, or we are charged a9 abolitionists and disloyal to Virginia. Thus after a careful review of tbe politics of tbe "country, we are forced to tho conclusion that in tbe coming contest we are to make a choice betweea tbe Democratic and Republican parties, as we are con- vinced that every other party will be swept away by tbe issues of 1860/'—Fouiteen Judges aie to bo elected in tbe State of Virginia on the fourth Thursday of May next. The whole number of Circuits and Circuit Judges in the State is twenty-one; so that elections will be held this year in all but seven. The Circuit JudgeB are elected for tight years, and are required to be at least thirty yeaisof age. Beside these, there are five Judges of the Court of Appeals, who are elected for t welve years, and who'must be at least thirty-live years old.3d of April.The U. S. war-steamship Powhatan has lost butIt may be considered as settled by those judgments Th*y have corrupted and debauched the Legislature, that an act of State legislation acting directly upon the and "the press, but we do not believe the Court of ApIsubject of foreign or inter State commerce, and being peals will permit the Randalls, and Richmond's, andin substance a regulation of that subject, would be un- Davidsons to pollute the atmosphere of their Chamber. warranted, whether its provisions were hostile to any It is estimated that tbe tolls which the Central Com-particular act of Congress or not. But there is a class pany justly owe the State amount at thia time to of cases which may incidentally affect the subject of $3,500,000.commerce, but in respect to which the States are held In the act of consolidation, the Central Company as-four of her men since leaving Norfolk in 1857. Fred-erick E. Thompson of .New-Haven dioii at Yokubama There are undoubted reasons independently of the pro-SELLING LOTTERY POLICIES.—On a warrant issuedThe power which has been mentioned as residing in the 8tu'es Is assumed by the Constitution itself to ex- tend to persons held as slaves by each of the States as allow the condition of slaves, and to apply also to a slave in the territory of another State which did not allow Slavery, unaccompanied with an intention on tbe part of the of the owner to hold him in a state of Slavery in Bach other State. The provision respecting tbe return of fugitives from service contains a very strong implication to that effect. It declares that no person held to service or labor in oneThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069jotma.net of any duty which any corporation centolidated **to ment authorized by the State law was to improve the mch new corporation. wa» liable tojxty or perform, tn tSe aame health of the neighborhood. In giving the opinion of manner a* if *uoh new corporation had incurred the obligation, or'».served, they could not have been iatcr/«re«i with while passing through tbe navigable waters of a Free State by tbe authority of a law of such State. Bat. they were rot thus in transit at that time.Congress have not passed any act to regulate com- merce between tbe States when carried on by land, or otherwise than in coastiog vewels. But conceding that, in order to facili<ate commerco among the States, Congress has power to provide for precisely such a case as the present—the case of persons, whose trans- portation Is tbe subject of commercial intercourse, being carried by a coasting vessel to a convenient port in another State, with a view of being there landed, for the purpose of being again embarked on a fresh coaBting voyage to a taird port, which was to be th<-ir final destination.The unexercised power to enact eush a law, to rejro- late such a tram-it, would not affect the power of the will carry every Southern State, if nominated, and Comstock lode irom $100 to $6,000 per foot; Gold Hill Virgiinia, to the State of Texas; and, as a means of it being considered that there was no law to uphold it claim exemption from the operation of the statute on States to deal with the status of all persons within$*" tun. Barley, none in market; rules at 50-362c. are slaveholding States; that she had no intention of the negro absconded from the service of his master owner of these elavea is not in like mauner bound, it is bringing tbe slaves into this State to remain therein, or but was retaken find put on board a vessel lying in the becaupe, in her quality of citizen of another State, she Beef, 25"«30c. There is not ore day's ration to a in any manner except on their transit aa aforesaid Thames bound to Jamaica, where Slavery also pre- has rights superior to those of any citizen of Ne w- nessee. If the ^Southern lme be broken and he can man, of flour here, and hone can reach ns for at through the port of New-York; that she was com- vailed, for the purpose of being there sold as a slave. York, and because, in coming here, or sending her elavsB here for a temporary purpose, she has brought with her or'eent with them tbe laws of Virginia, aud is entitled to have those laws enforced in the Courts, the writ disclosed the foregoing facts. Lord Mansfield notwithstanding the mandate of our own laws to the referred the case to the decision of the Court of King's contrary. But the position of the appellant proves toofollow immed>atfcly, because with that fact demon-persons at Carson's, 200 at Genoa, and'near 3,000 atxo Temain longer than Eecessary, and that such landing was for the purpose of passage and taansit, and not o'-terwise. and that she did not intend to sell thestrated satisfactorily New-York would unite and Virginia. At Silver City there were 500..become solid for him. He receives more counten-separate from their States.On the 3d March twelve tuns of silver ore from the s'aves. It is also stated that she was compelled by Spanish and Opbir leads, were shipped to San Fran- necessity or accident to take passage from Norfolk in the above-mentioned steamship, and that Texas wasBench, where it wss held, by the unanimous opinion much.of the Judpep, that the restraint was illegal, and the Tho privilegee and immunities secured to the citi- negro was diecbarged. (The Negro case, 11 Hargrave'e zens oi each State by the Constitution are not limited State Trials, 340; Somerset agt. Stewart, LofiVs Rep- to time, or by the purpose for which in/ a particularMr. Bradley of Alabama offers to, bet $10,000 heprices o5 the principal looes in marketare as follows:I understand the effect of these statements to be thatsued to take them from her residence in Norfolk, in Slavery could not exist by force of positive law, and, solute in tbeir character. Hence, if tho appellant canOthers are in the same fix. Strenuous efforts aremaiket; Sucner do. $50 to $75; Bodgers's do. $100. passage from thence to the place of destination. As to the case, and it became impossible to continue thethat our courts Are obliged to respect the title which those laws confer, she may retain the slaves here during her pleasure; and as one of the chief attributes of property is the power to uee it, or to sell or dispense of' it, I do, not eee how she could be debarred of these rights wjthin our jurisdiction aB long aa she may choose to exercise tbevd.exacting, but must cooperate in a certain contin- gency. •It is said the Administration has become alarmed at tae prospects of Mr. Douglas, and Messrs. Sii- dell and Bright have been sent here to defeat him at any sacrifice.If Mr. Douglas be defeated, a formidable move-ment will be made for Mr Guthrie by the delegatesfrom New-England and New- Yorfy, if any encour-Convention, who will remain with the Roanoke at At- that no person he)d as a slave should be imported, in- pinwail, uniil the Japenese Embassy airivea, and then troduced or brought into this State on any.pretenceas to personal rights and tne remedies for illegal im- psifionment would immediately prevail in such States. The judgment in Somerset's case, and other principles announced by Lord Mansfield, were standing admoni- tions that even a temporary restraint of personal lib- erty by virtue of a-, title derived under the laws of Slavery, could net be sustained where that institution did not exiBt by positive law, and where the remedy by habeas corpus, which was a cherished institution of this country as well as in England, was established,.attempt to deny them free ingress or regress would does tot, in my opinion, raise any cot fleet between it be void. But it is citizens only who possess these aud the laws of this State ui der consideration. U^oaleads of the Comstock vein is "unsurpassed. Goodleads have be*n opened at several other localities. The Mrs. Lemmon, being the owner of these shaves, de- 1.) It was the opinion of the Court that a state of case they may be desired, but are permanent and ab-effecting, that purpose, she embarked, in the steamship in England, the principles of the Jaw respecting the which the respondent relies, on the ground that she . yet be wiD not vote for him in the Convention. do., $300 to $3,000 per foot; Emigrant do., good, notia mentioned, for New-York, with a"1 view to secure a writ of habeas corpus immediately applied themselves is a citizen of a State where Slavery is allowed, andtbeir Territory in tbe meantime, and before tbe exist- ence of such a law, It would be ala«vt> regui*.te commerce carried on party by land and partly by water—a subject upon which Congress has not thought proper to act at all. Should it do so hereafttr, it migbt limit and curtail tho authority of the State* to execnts such an act as the present in a case in which it should interfere with BUCII paramount legislation of Congress. I repeat tbe remark that the law of the State under consideration has no aspect wbich refers directly toMany of these leads have adverse claims, and are in- nothing is said of any stress of weather, and no ma- making to consolidate the South, but unsuccessfully volved in legal processes. The discoveries of gold are rine casualty is mentioned, tbe necessity of landing,imprisonment of the negro.The .case was decided in 1772, and from that time itbecame a maxim that slaves couid not exist in England. The idea was reiterated in the popular literature of the language, and fixed in the public mind by a striking metaphor which attributed to the atmosphere of the Briti6h Ielands a quality which caused -the shackles ofas yet. If such a combination be formed before the Convention organizes, Mr. Douglas will be beaten. That is the turning poiat of the whole con- t e s t Southern divisions have the effect of increas- ing his strength.Mr. Hunter does not concentrate any strength, as was expected, and he is opposed by the delegates from New-Jersey and Pennsylvania.The Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Arkansas, andI/Ouisiana delegates threaten to bolt unless the plat-form is acceptable, or the candidate obviates theobjection. Those from South Carolina are Jess them, most of the Republican Delegates to the Chicago quivocal. By an act passed in 1817. it was declaredextensive—equal to the beet of California. An im menee immigration will be here in two or three months. The Mormon Jaws are entirely abrogated, and no law but that of sufferance exists.To the Associated Press.ST. JOSEPH, Friday, April20,18bU Tbe Central Overland Pony Express, bringing Cali-H t h e ship m which she arrived was not bound forthe Gulf of Mexico, she would probably be under thenecessity of landing at New-York to reembark in someOther vessel sailing for that part of the United States; a elave to fall off. The laws of England respecting New-York, who would at all events be bound by our commerce among tho Statee. It would hive alarmsfornia dates to April 10,and Carson Valley to the 11th, which prevented her from making a direct voyagearrived at 5 p. m., exactly on time.SAN FRANCISCO, Tburadav, April 5, 1860.frcm Virginia to Texas. The question to be decided is whether the bringing the slaves into this State under these clrcumetaiices entitled them to their freedom.ferred upon Congreea to regulate commerce, circaat- Btance8 might arise where ite execution, by Jreeiag a slave cargo landed on our shores, in the ooune of aaArrived 5th, ship Zepbyr, from New-York. Sailed 5tb, steamer Golden Age, for Panama, carryingof the citizens of this State would h*ve upon bringingthem here, under the same circumstances, and that theclause of the Coeetitution referred to has no applica-tion to the ease. I concede that this clause gives to inter-State vojag*, would interfere with the provision* citizens of each State entire freedom of intercourse of an act of Cong;ess.The intention and the effect of fhe statutes of this $1,600,000 in treasure, and 530 passengers, among State bearing upon the point are very plain and une-prcceed to Washington. Also, Gen. Johnston of tke whatever, except in the cases afterward mentioned inrights, and slaves certainly are not citizens.Even free negroes, as is well known, have been adjudged not to possees that quality. In Moore a#t. The Stale of Illinois, already referred to, tbe Supreme Court of the United States, in its published opinion, declared that the Slates retained the power to forbid tbe introduction into their Territory of paupers, crimi- nals or fugitive slaves. The case was a conviciion under a statute of Illinois, making it penal to harbor or secrete any negro, mulatto or person of color being a slave or servant owing service or labor to any other person. The indictment was for- secreting a fugitiveslave who bad fied from his owner in Missouri.The owners had not intervened to reclaim him so as tobringthe fugitive lawkto operation,andthecase was placed by the Court on the ground that it was recognized as the legal coiise,que.ncc of a Slave going within the legitimate power of State legislation in the promotion ol its policy, to exclude an unacceptable population. I do not at all doubt the right to exclude a slave, as I do not consider him embraced under the provision seeming a common citizenship; but it does not seem to me clear that one who is truly a citizen of tition extended no further than the case of the fugitive. another State can be thus excluded, though he may be As to some case**, tbe admitted general consequence a pauper or a criminal, unless he be a, fugitive fromUtfth Aimy, and Lieut. Brooke.The steamer Champion sailed for NeWj-York viaCape Horn on the 5th, not being longer available on tie Pacific.The Japanese stearrer Candinmunah will remain atSan Francisco till advices are received of the arrival -the act, and any slave brought here contrary to the act was declared to be free. Among the exceptional cases was that of a person not an inhabitant of the State pass- ing through it, who was allowed to brine: his slaves With him; but they were not to remain in the State longer than nine months (Laws 1817, ch-147, sees. 9,the whole cafe, I have como to the conclusion that there is nothing in the National Constitution or the laws of Congress to preclude the State judicial authori- ties from declaring these slaves, thus introduced into the territory of this Sute; free, and settirg them at liberty, according to the directions of the statutes re-. ferred to.For-tbe foregoing reasons, I am in favor of affirming the judgment of the Supreme Court.POLITICAL.—The State Executive Committee of Maryland have issued a call for a Republican State Convention, to be held at Baltimore on Thursday, the 26lh inst., for the purpose of electing delegates to Chicago. Oa account of the short time intervening between the. date of the call and the day for the assembling of the Convention, and also by reason ofthe political atmosphere of a Slave State, it may be difficult to arrange local meetings iasome places. Under these circumstances, the prece- dents ofthe Conventions of 1848, 1852 and 1856 author- ize us to say that a stiff rule as to credentials will not be laid down at Baltimore, provided only the ratio of State repretentation ifl not exceeded. Friends of the Repub- lican cause in placee where meetings cannot be held should make themselves delegates, and go to Baltimorenamely, because as a slave he iB ah unacceptable in- on the 26th.habitant, and it is very clear be may be, it would seemto follow that he might be expelled if accompanied by —A Republican County Convention met on Satur- his master.. It might, it is true, be less mischievous to day, the 14th inst., at Occoquan, Prince William Co.,permit the residence of such a person when • under the Vbrginia, for the purpose of choosing delegates to the restraint of his owner; but of this the Legislature mustof the Embassy at Washington, and then return to 15.) The,portion8 of this act which concern tbe pres-Japan to announce to the Emperor the news of the ent quest/on were reenacted at the revision of the lawsEmbassj 's reception at the Federal Capital. n 1830. The first and last sections of the title are in The billgrantir-g to a company of French capitalists ibe following language:Reading the provision for the rendition of fugitive slaves in tbe light which these considerations offered, it is impossible not to perceive that the Convention assumed tbe general principle to be that the escape of a slave from a State in which in he was lawfully heldwhich is spoken of, refers no doubt to the exigency of that mode of ^roEecnting her journey.and this, I suppose, is what It was intended to state. The necessity or accident which is mentioned as hav- ing compelled her to embark at Norfolk in the Ciffp of Richmond is understood to refer to some circumstanceShe could not, perhaps, sell them to a citizen oflaws, but any other citizen of a 81ave State who and important operation upon cases falling within itsThe intermediate sections, three to seven inclusive, contain the exceptions. Section six is as follows:ions abojve mentioned. (Ch. 247.)The elfect of this repeal was to render the first andsixteenth sections absolute and unqualified. If any doubt ot this1 could be entertained upon the perusal of the part of the title left unrepealed, the rules of con- struction would oblige us to look at the repealed por- tions in <Jrder tc ascertain the sense of the residue. (Bassey act. Story, 4 Bain & Adolph, 98.) Thus ex- amined, the meaning of the statutes is as plain as though the Legislature had declared in terms that if any person should introduce a slave iftto this State, in the course of a journey to or from it, or in passing through it, the slave shall be free.'If, therefore, the Legislature had the constitutional power to enact thie statute, tJ&e law of the State pre- cisely meets the case of the persons who were brouarh'- before the Judge on the writ of habeas corpus, and his order discharging them from constraint was unques-held In bondage. That was within his own power, but he oould not; always prevent hio slaves from eB- eaping out of the State, in which their servile condi- tion was recognized. The provision was precisely suited to the exigency of the case, and it went no fur- ther.Untitled Document-r—T—be discharged from such service or tobor, &c There State, not according to tboae which attain in his own. j*v which this Court can take no cognizanoe." " Ifwasat.lratfoneState which at the adoption of,tbe The position that a citizen carrying with him,into wt oad d actevery State into which he may" go, the legal institutionsof the one in"which be was bor.v, cannot be supported.A very little reflection will show tbe fallacy of the80 ij0ng' t"at xt vraa morally certain that Slavery idea. Our laws declare contrails depending upon thesenavigable <*<**»<>•«whi<ih /be ¥{*TjrZ~3±Constitution did not tolerate Slavery; and in several of the other States the number of slaves was so email and the prevailing eentiment in favor of emancipationh8o b S o f w b >would bejipeedily abolished. It was assumed by the games of chance or skill, lotteries, imaginary policies feel pot nmcb cifficnltyw saying that a sboaMSlaves Cannot be Held In the State of New-York.THE OPINION OF JUDGE DENTO- authorsoftneConstitutionthatthofactofafederative ofinsurance,bargains,formoretha.nsevenpercent Statelawbeingin conflictwithsuchactwo«JlSnffering byEmfgrants iv-ftc Washoe MinesSpecialDHp&tchtotheN.Y.Trliune.ST, Jo.sirii, Mo., Friday, April 20, i860. Tbe following dispatch was received for THETKIHUNK, by the Pony Express, just arrived here: CAKSOK, Nevada, April 11—10 p. m.The excitement of the Washoe Mines still increases.There are 12,000 Californians in the Territory. Thou- Richmond, in the harfr^r of New-York, and at the abolition of Slavery in any State would draw after it be executed by our tribunals upon the principles ofsands are leaving San Francisco and ail other parts of time of presenting the petition were confined in a cer- the principle that a person held in Slavery would im- comity; and the case would be the same it they were Wheat. 1); and since the Passenger cases ic baa base tain house in Carlisle street in that city. The writ is mediately become free on arriving, in any manner, made in Europe or in any other foreign country. The again reiterated in the Pilot caw, Cooler agt. The the State. Tne only routes through the summits are directed to the appellant, by £he name of Lemmings, within the limits of such State. That principle had clause has nothing to do with the doctiine of interna- Board of Wardens of Pbiladelpbii (12 How. 299). Andrew's HaD- He is indignant that Jackets should the Bieckwearth ai.d Luiher passes, both of which as the person having in charge the "eight colored then recently been acted upon in England in a case of tional comity. That doctrinej as has been remarked, The application of the rule to the present case in plabx.T>e issued to Soft delegates, as has been determined have been closed to all travel for eight days from a personslately taken from tho steamer City of Rich- great notoriety, which could not fail to be well known depends upon the usage of civilized nations and the We will concede, for tbe purpose of the argument,express denial of the right by that authority is decisivesnow. The storm was the most violent of the season. the colored persons of which it apeaka, and which are occasion to make a voyage from his home in.that against the claim. How then, is the case ofthe apellant by Federal Legislation. Acts have been passe! to Provisions and all the necessaries of life are nearly therein alleged to be slaves, and the property of Julie; colony to England on his own affairs, with the inten- aided by the provision under consideration ? regulate tbe coHStiD/? trade, »o that if th*-se s'aves bid out.OfFlourtheie13noneinnlarket,andwhenBold Ltmmon,as"theeightslavesorpersonsnamedin tionofreturningassoonasthey.weretransacted;and TheLegislaturehasdeclared,ineffect,thatnoper- beenintranBitn betweenVirginiaandTaxas,in atoo eaid-writof bab-eaecorpus." Italleges that they he TOOKwith him as hie personal eervant hie nefpro eo(n fchali biisg a elave into tbi« State, ev«5nin the coastingveeeel, at tbe time the habeas corpus yr*MThe return is made by Lemmon, the appellant, andpersonal rights were in general the laws of the Colo- nTest and they continued the same system after the Revolution by provisions in their Constitutions, adopt- ing the common law, subject to alterations by tbeir own statutes. The literature of the Colonie was that of the mother country.Tbe aspect in which the ca*je of fugitive slaves waspreeeittf a to the authors of the Constitution, therefore,was this: A number of the Slates had very little inter-est in continuing the institution of Slavery, and werelikely soon to abolish it within their limits. When with every other State, and that any law which should The pieeeDt btate of Federal legislation, however, they should do so, the principle of tho laws of EnglandtoserviceintoonewhichhadabolishedSlavery,would ipso facto transform him into a free man. This waswould equally bring with him the immunities andprivileges of his own State, migbt lawfully traffic inher slave property. But my opinion is that she has no clanee is concerned, generally valid; but ia the case of more right to the protection of this property than one suppoaable Federal legitlation, under the p*>wer con-In^xamining other arrangements of the Constitution, judge. But it is not the right of the slave, but of th Wheeling Convention. Strong- resolutions were passed ppparently inserted for purposes having no reference master, which is supposed to be protected under the in favor of tbe Republican party, protesting against the to 6lavery, we ought to bear in mind that when frani- clause respecting.citizenship. The answer to the claim censorship of the prees at the South, and demaadiag ncg the fugitive slave provision the Convention was in that aspect has been already given. It is that th freedom of speech. After enumerating Beveral of theand to declare what j»nbject shall, within the State, constitute the citizens of toe United States one .people So if in the course of such a voyage they had beenthese eubjects is without limit or control, except so faras fhe State has voluntarily abridged her jurisdictionby-arrangements with other" States. There are manycases where, it is true, the conditions impresswd uponpersons and property, by the laws of other friendly. When, in consequence of the Revolution, they sev- States may aad ought to. be recognized within our ownerally became independent and sovereign States, the citizens of; each State would have been under all the disabilities of alienage in^ every other, but for a pro- vision in the compact into which they entered, where- by that consfquecce was avoided. Tne articles adopted during tba Reuolution formed a friendly league lor mutual protection against external force, but in framing them it was felt to be necessary to secure a community of intercourse which would not necessarily obtainthese slaves at her residence in Norfolk, in Virginia, choee to take them to the State of Texa*> for a purpose not discloeed, further than.that it was not in order to sell them.Geographically, New-York is not on tho route of such a voyage, but we can readily see that it would be convenient to bring them to that city from which vessels sail to moat of the ports of the Union, to be embarked from thence in a t«hip bound to a port in the extreme southern part of the Union. This was what was actually done. She came with the negroes to New-York by sea, in order to embark thence to Texas; and when the writ of habeas corpus was served, they were staying at a house in the city, ready, to set out when a vessel should sail, and not intending to remain longer than should be necessary.Tbe act under consideration us Dot in any just Beneea regulation of commerce. It does not Bugg^Bt to mothe idea that it has any conrection with that subject.It would have an extensive operation altogether inde-pendent of commerce. It is not, therefore, within thescope of the decision of the Supreme Couit in the pas-eenger canes. (7 Howard, 283.) In these coses theStates of Now-York and MaosachuBOtts had imposedtax68 upon passengers arriving by Bea at the porta ofthose States. The Court, considering tbe carrying ofHeiiolved, That the rule* and n»(tnlalton« htrfttofono adopted t» r*R»id to fr«lpht on mUioadu wot.; of Ut'.oa, undwr cli*pt\r 270 of th«. lawn oll,b47r b<- readoptcd aud applied to tho Ontral Rail- road, »o far u« applicable thereto; aDd thut nald Centra! BUuro«d CompHi)} be required to make r«tuuia aud pay toll* iu th* » m « meaner HJI the Kaitroad Companie* cowK/lla<a<?d to form »»id Central Hal road Compunj weie required to do under and la purhuuuee o; *aid act.At a meeting of the Comm'^ioners of the Canal Fund, held ysBtordav, the fo^owin^- resolu'ions were unanimously adopted:Jifkolvtd, That the Auditor of the Canal Department be aud in herebj itifttnioted toaocertai.'i the nmooiit of tolln due trom the Central JUllroad Company to the State, and from t i e sererat ralhoud companle* which were consolidated into the «atd Central liailroad Company, which would haw acciued had wot tae aot of July 1<J51, been paued, »tatkix the HMUJ aud amount due from eucii renpectively. . , , . ; , b.N<«olr<-< That the Auditor be aud u hereby required lo de- mand arc receive payment of «uch several u m i of and from the, •aid Central Rai'roaS Compauy.t^Ji^oivtd. Tnal in cu»e the Central Railroad Company ohaM fa\I to pay anynumi due anc demanded uuder the abov.- revolution*, the Attorney Gcnrrol be ana i* hereby instructed to prosecute ior the collection thereof, and to employ tmefi adrtltloua! OtfUOael an hy may do»ire to aid him iu »»oh action*.We understand that bv virtue of the authority con- ferred in the last resolution, the Attorney-General ban retained the Hon. John H Keynolde for "the State. In the integrity, legal knowledge, intelligence, and iaduK-stances are these: Mis. Lemmon being tbe owner of the following resolution was unanimously adopted:ttitntionof the United States. corruj ting monopoly will at lat*t be brought to an ac- count before tbe highest judicial tribunal of the State."which boae upon th* ewe t° cvotrol Stale legislation overntovtite* P&«<« «»7—ftrfv art ;o execution of the powers Commerce, tW"shield, (4 Wheat. 193) and in Moore agt. Houston, (*provisions, and having: no connection with any com-mercial enterprise. It is, then, so far as tho commercial•*•*••«*« v«.  