 ;'M•XXXVIra CONGRESS.FIRST SESSION.SEKATE.-..WA»aiJ»oTOJf, P©b.29 186t). The galleries were densely crowded, and the noatThe IrvcalidVension bill was reported and passed.Mi. GWIN (Ad. Bern., Cat) reported tbo Military Acadenry b»H. without amendment Laid aside.Mr. GRIMES (K*p.» I o * * ) offered a resolution, thattieSecretarycft>»eNavy,mformtheSena'easto the nraaber of Marine Hospitals, the numberof parents, and the oxpewea tines 1854. Adopted.Republican party embodies the popular protest and re- Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep.. »*•) offered a resolution, there its endless but beneficent task. The fathers au- made haste to justify this expectation when Congress action against a policy which has been fastened upon•that the Secretary of the Treasuiy communioite a thorized Congress to make all needful rules and regu- assembled. He said: the nation by surprise, and which its reason andy•?.VNEW-YORK DAILY TRD3UNE, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1860..question and of the parties to the confcroversv, and instinct, and a natural capacity for self-govern-- ••.t•*her resistance, the Democratic press dendingly Baid," let her bleed." Official integrity has been cause forrebuke and punishment, when it resisted frauds de-'signed to promote the extension of Slavery. Through-out the whole Republic there is not one known dis-senter from that policy remaining in place, if withinreach of the Executive arm. Nor over the face of the emergency, no matter what the cause or the pre--subordinate,rnayiOeaaetheixfwsywith*ridlo>»)pn»anupftWfS itseternalplaceintheheavens. freedom, fit to cozen babies, bat are, indeoiL >ndextyraany«w»•orrttuae, a»wanting that P«*t*r, Wbio*U thfrool ^ • 0 « f 5 ? ° f ^ ^ y ^ W ^ W l ^ . ^ ^ e c X t i set all liberty, to dispose oftau&wooatwiM'iKltolnd *4^J*!$ ulaj, thoxhath glvei them, ^amem>»» ofitaxOiy l**4*tog£$&22& Sr.free inheritance; withou'xTwhioh**&£&**#&*£& &* attendedfree nation,though beaAw high their a**** theycan.» due temper,ancs^eSTbo'thongnt no C & r " & * l * ^ a » ^ [ TM * & ^ TM ^ ^ to enjoy reStenure and occupation -fit anotherinhearttfcg * ^ TM » f°ZSur care, and •meat, though not ille^oj or intolerable, h » g » on them a* »lordlyscourge, n«Xassfroe)BO-Terna»ent.w /. Divine a p p b ^ ^ n e ^ - ^ n ^ ' a r e $be disciplineThe Repubbcp^a party knows, as the whole country American citizen, aad he must inure himself to it*will ultimately come to uadessiand, that the noblest When, as now, a great poHcy, fastened upon the ooun-objects of niiional life must perish, if that life try through its doubts and fears, confirmed, by its hab- Itself shall be 1«*L andtherefore itwill accept the issue its, and strengthened by.perjbnal interests and ambJ-teridered. ^fewill take up the word Union,which oth- tione, ieto be relaxed and^changed, in order that thej^ip»nw»»»<'r.i»i.w<i•Disunion.Third.: That the capital States do not practicallydistinguish between legitimate and constitutional re- sistance to the extension of Slavery in the common Territories of the Union, and unconstitutional aggres- sion against Slavery established by local laws in the capital States. ^SThe early political parties were organized without?of the Constitution, that the power of deciding practi-cally forever between Freedom and Slavery in a por-a better test of nationality than the accidental location of parties. .Our policy of labor in the Territories was not sectional in the first forty years of the Republic.which is in harmony with the spirit of Christian reli-gion. While generous and charitable natures willprobably concede that Jehu Brown- and his associatesacted on earnest though fatally erroneous convictions, and the untutored, even the good and the bad, to av- yet all good citizens will nevertheless agree that this Government, the first, the last, and the only such one attempt to execute an unlawful purpose in Virginia by that has ever existed, which takes equal heed always. >•.. ' capital or as persona, or should they not be represented or taxod at ail ? The fathers disagreed, debated long, ;aad compromised at last. Each State, they determined,~It is m America that these things have happened.In the nineteenth century, the era of the. world' own, which* we esteem to be better. Besides, if we greatest progress, and while all nationsbut ourselyej could, what need) for any division into.States at all?•the admission of Kansas be pat on its second reading. Carried.By consent, Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) offered a reso- lution, that the Pi esident communicate every commu- nication received from the Governor of Toxai, relative to disturbances on the Rio Grande. Adopted.Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the Legis laturecfKansas,,prayingforadmissionintotheUnion. Mr. Seward then spoke as follows:MR. SEW ARD'S SPEECH.Mr. President, the admission of Kansas into the tTnion, without further delay, seems to me equally necessary, just, and wiee. Iu recorded debates Ihave already anticipated the arguments for this con- dnsxm. xcitizens, whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted, has given renewed vigor to our inwitutions, and restored a sense of security and repose to the public mind throughput; the Confed-tories of the United States, if po9sible,'by constitutional and lawful means, from being homes for Slavery andproperly which, however, keeps their ©a»«el*«nee» .nntpiiet \ sustain no party that is not capable of making a sacri- Northward of the Chesapeake, yon may find here and there an 1 fice of its ambition on the altar ot the country; that, opponent to your .doctrine, ae j ou may find here and there a r->V although a party may have never eo much of prestige, ber or a murderer; but in no great number." * * * *• "Tbi» I and never Bach traditional merit, yet, if it be lacking [Virginia] ig tbe next 8tate to which we may tnrn our eye* for ,.The people of the United States, acting in conformi- that he has Been here in the representatives of the ty with the Constitution, are the supreme tribunal to.• :Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., Wis) presented a petition that tbe Post-Office Deoartment be made free.oally oa the ground of gieater ability, even if not more tories and in future States. That question has neversure that we do not, on our side, exceed his lessons of the Kbrth. I know them now in their waumyand example. Thomas Jefferson addressed Dr. Price, strength. I do not b,*ow* possible IKsTHMoniat amongan Englishman, concornintf his treatise on 0mancipa- them all. I believe they will be as faithfal to thetion in America, m this fashion: .,•- ... Union now as they were in the by-gone days when"Southward of the Chesapeake, jour book wi.1 find but fotr their ranks were foil, and their challenge to the com- reader*concuning with it in Henllmcnt ort tbe Btibjactof SUv«,ry.From tbe month to the head of the Chei-ap^ake, the bnlt of tim bat was always the war-cry of victory. But, if ft people will approve Hin theory, «nd it will find a roipectabi* ; shall prove otherwise, then the world will all th« minority ready to adopt it in practice; a m W l t y which, for j sooner know that every partv in this country must weight and worth of character, prepon-icratea aziina'. th»» greater ' stand on Union ground; that the American people will member who have not,the courage to divreat thoir families of a j•'•Inshall be an error of judgment, and not of disposition,if my interpretation of the feverish dreams which aredisturbing the country shall tend tq foment, rathorthanto allay, the national excitement. I shall say nothingunnecessarily of persons, because, in our system, the ton, and the extension of the national domain acrossPxeaident of the United. St *tes has iudaced m* to weigh carefully the testimony he has given on the subject of tbe hostility,against the South imputed to the Republi- can party, as derived from the relations of the repre- sentatives of thetwo parties at this capital. He saysforward among the political astrologers, itand internal commerce, with needful connections be-tween the Atlantic and Pacific States—for all these areimportant interests of Freedom. For all the rest, thenational emergencies, not individual influences, mustdetermine, aa eociety go88 on, the policy^ ard charac-ter of the Republican party. Already bearing its partin legislation and in treaties, it feels the necessity of spirit of resistance to the Republican party; that hothe Mipwceippi, and these occurred before 1820. The public welfare ard happiness depend chiefly on institu- State of Louisiana, formed oh a alaveholding'Frenchlower Southern States a most resolute aud earnest l>elngpractical in its care of the national health aud perceives a sensible loes of that spirit of brotherhoodtoy and determine all political issues. They are aa competent to decide tbe issue of to-morrow as they have been heretofore to decide the issues of other days. They can reconsider hereafter and reverse, ifLions, and very little on men. I shall allude but briefly settlement, within .the newly-acquired Louisianiannot so combine prudence with humanity, in our con- tive power within the domam, and could and ought to -duc*. concerning the one disturbing subject of Slavery, exclude Slavery there. The question thus opened wasLabor States had dismissed manv of their repre-sentatives here -for too great fidelity to Freedom, lican •; Administration, though constitutionally elected, Republican representatives here as any one. I know throughout his whole passage from one to the other ofas not only to preserve our uncqualed institutions of one which related not at all to Slavery in the existingand too great distrust of the efficacy of that now shall assume the Government. their public haunts and their private ways. We are the great ocean*. They erected thirteen of hi columns bond of peace, and had replaced them with partisans I do not certainly know that the people are pre- not a hostile Republic, or representatives of one. We all at once. Theee are standing now, the admiration of who were only timid, but not unwilling. The Demo- pared to call such an Administration to power. I know confer together, but only as the organs of everv mankind. Their successors added twenty more: evenFreedom, but also to enjoy their benefits with content- ment and harmony. *-the other that be is rightly a slave. The balance of On the decision was suspended the question, as was thought, whether ultimately the interior of this new« aI!Itfc-tfpublic required that Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, andNebraska, should become Capital 8tatee, with all the American, Malay, or African, he is the subject of two evils and dangers of Slavery, or be labor States, with distinct and opposite ideas—one that he is wrongly, all the security, benefits and blessings of freedom."They revised the last great compromise, aud found, greatly excite, and ebbs which never entirely dis- obliges us to act sometimes as partisaup,while it requireswith delighted surprise, that it was eo'mr from con- courage me, the volume of Republicanism rises con- us always to be patriots and statesmen. Differences that twenty, and all these are as firm and as steadfast firming the law of freedom of 1820 that, on the o*her tinually higher and higher. They are probably wise, of opinion, even on the subject of Slavery, with us are as the fuffct thirteen; and more will yet be necessary hand, it exactly provided-Jor the abrogation of that whose apphehensions admonish tnem that it is already political, not social or personal differences. There is when we shall have rested, from our labors. Soma venerated statute; nay, that the compromise itself strong-enough for effect. not one disunionist or disloyalist among us all. We among us prefer for these columns a composite ma- actually killed the spirit of the, Missouri law, and de- Hitherto the Republican party has been content with are altogether unconscous of any process of dissolu- terial; others the pure white marble. Oar fathers and volved on Congress the duty of removing the lifeless one self-interrogatory—how many votes it can cast? tion going on among or around us. Wo have never our predeceeeors d ffered in the same' way, and on thoWherever a guiltless slave exists, be he Caucasian,even if there are none inside a Free State, while, also, for the children of misfortune in our own, or whether, through the renewal of the African slave-trade, thoseThe new enactment not only repealed the Missouri enough to cast them ? This latter question touches its of other sections more, than now. We bear the samelaws thereof, escaping into another, shall by.any law :lumb3ai ...These now enactments, collated with the^e&; lanch?mcre Wefhave :fcptK|tt^f^to-fapXieprffi from belifif that the system of labor yril!, in tho end, be uui- ; tiimdation, if successful, would be to continue the rtf* or regulation of that State, be discharged, from such isting statutes, namely, theOrdinanceof 1737, the time to time, that, ina Creis, both of these 'prsciooe vereaJIy accepted by the capital States, acting for of tbe Democratfc party, thougb^a minority, by terror. labororservice,butshall bedelivered,uponclaim to Missouri Prohibitorylawof 1820,and the-atticles of institut'orecouldnotbesavedtogether, andtherefore •themselves,andinconformity withtheir own Cousti- Itcertainlyoughtto needno morethanthistosecojr*Texas annexation, disposed by law of the subject of we have, from time-to time, sacrendered eafeguird* of tutiots, while they eauctiou too unreservedly books the success 0/ the Republican party. If, indeed, tib»the peiton to whom such labor or eervice shall be duo. Slaveryin allthe Territories of the United States. And freedom to propitiate tho loyalty of capital and stayitsdesigned to advocate emancipation. But sorely you ; time has come when the Democratic party mutt ral« Free laborers would immigrate, aod slaves might be so the/Compromise cf 1850 was pronounced a fall, haude from doing violence to the Union. The true can bard1y expect tho FederaA Government or the po- by terror, instead of raling through conceded paV"Whenthegravenhallbaveclosed overall whoaronw en-lations concerning the management and disposition of deavoring to meet the "bligntions of duty) the year 1850 will be conscience, concurring with the reason and consciencethe public lands* and to admit new States. So the recurred to aHa period filled with anxiety and apprehension. A of mankind, condemn.Mr. WILSON (Rep., Mas?.) presented a memorial ofthe merchants and underwriters of Boston, for a- steam- Constitution, while it dees not disturb or affect the augmentation of territory. Disturbing question* aro«e bearingjna2 tw'ce a month between Charleston and Key West system of capital in slaves, existing in any State under upon the domeatfo institutions of a portion of the Confederacy,and Cuba. and involving the constitutional rights -of the States. But, not- -and policy are, therefore, justly and "even necessarilyits own laws, does, at the same time, recognize every withstanding differences of opinion and sentiment, in relation to examined. I know of only one policy which it has Mr.SEWARD(Rep.,N.Y.)movedthat.thebillfor humanbeingwhenwithinanyexclusivesphereof detailsandspecificprovisions,theacquiescenceofdistinguished adoptedoravowod,namely:thesaviBgofthe-Terri-statementoft-<erevenuefromeacb.CollectionDistrict, from 1854 to 1859.tels, bu\ as persons. They awarded naturalization to immigrant free laborers, and they,prohibited the trada in African labor. This disposition of the whole subject was in harmony with the condition of society, and, in the main, with the spirit of the age. The seven North- ern States contentedly became labor States by their own actei The six Southern States with equal tran- quIDitv and by thtir own determination remained capi- tal States.leased the chords of the national harp from their utter- doubt is to.be uncertain whether civilization can im- ance of that exalted svmphony of peace. m .1 prove or Chrisiiauity save mankind.Kansas and Nebraska, the long-devoted reservation ^1 may, perhaps, infer, from the necessity of the case, of labor and. Freedom, saved in the agony of national that it will, iu all courts and places, stana by the free-fear in 1820, and saved again in the panic of 1850, were dom of speech and of the prees, and the cons itutional now to be opened by Congress, that the never ending rights 01 freemen everywhere; that it will favor theThe tircumstanceB which the fathers did not clearly foresee were two, namely: the reinvigoratiou of Sla- very consequent on the increased consumption of cot-assured homes on the eastern banks of theff noble river,looked down upon and coveted the fertile prairies ofKansas; while a sudden terror ran threugn all thecapital States, when thoy saw a seeming certainty thatat last a new Labor State would be built on theirwestern border, inevitably fraught, as they said, witha near or lemote abolition of Slavery. What could bedone ? Congiess could nardly be expected to inter-vere directly for their safety so soon after the Compro- life, while it leaves metaphysical speculation to those and that feeling of loyalty, together with that loveto incidental topics, because they are ephemeral, and Territory.had then already 'been admitted into the mise of 1850/ The labor hivo of tho Free States wasbecause, even in the midst of appeals to pa-aion and Union. There yet remained, however, a vast region distant, the way new, unknown, aud not without which included Arkansas ana Missouri, together with perils. Missouri was near and watchful, and hold thewhose duty it is to cultivate the ennobling science of for a common country, which are at last the surest ce- need be, the judgment they shall pronounce to-day, aapolitical philosophy.prejudice, it is always safe to submit solid truth to the the then unoccupied and even unnamed Kansas and Keys of the gates of Kansas. She might seize the ue w ' deliberate consideration of an honest and enlightened Nebraska. Arkansas, a Blavehplding community, was and smiling Territory by surprise, if only Congress people, ' nearly ready to apply, and Missouri, another such Ter- would remove the bamer established in 1820. The It will be an overflowing source of shame, as well ritory, was actuaJlv applying for admission into tho conjuncture was favorable. Clay aud Webster, theBut in ibo midst of these subjects, or, rather, beforefully reaching them, the Republican party encountersunexpectedly, a new and potential issue—one prior, and month; that the threads are gradually fretting them-therefore paramount to all others, one of national life selves asunder; and a stranger might suppose uaat theand-death. Just as if so much had not been alrerdy Executive of the United States was the President ofconceded; nay, just as if nothing at all had ever been two hostile Republi«s. It is not for me to raise a to occur under a Republican Administration. We are conceded, to the interest of capital invested in men, doubt upon the cerrectnees of this dark picture, so far engaged in no new transaction, not even in a new dis-Federal Union. The existing Capital States seconded distinguished citizens whose unquestionable devot;on as of sorrow, if we, thirty millions—Europeans by ex- these applications, and cla'med that the whole Louisi- to the Union was manifested •, by their acqui-traction, Americans by birth or discipline, and Chris- anian Territory was rightfully open to Slavery, and toeecence in .the compromise of 1850, had gine we hear menaces of Disunion, louder, more distinct, as the Southern groups upon the canvas are concerned, pute. Oar fathers undertook a great work for themvtians in faith, and meaning to be such in practice—can- the organization of future Slave State*.. The Labor States maintained that Congress had supreme lerisla-down already .into their honored graves. Themore emphatic than ever, with the condition annexed, but I must be indulged in the opinion that I can pro- selves, for us, aud for our successors—to erect a free aud Federal empire, whose arches shall span the North that they shall be executed the moment that a Repuo- nounce as accurately concerning the Northern or American continent, and reflect the rays of the sun, men. can never be injurious to any other; and what is settlement which has proved to be not a final one; and bondage. From 1855 to 1860, Kansas, sustained and once change to hatred intense and inexorable ?unjust to any condition of persons in a State, is which, as is now seen, practically left open all the encouraged only by the Republican party, has bean You say that the Republican party is a sectionalgreat politicalissnes which were involved. Missouri engaged in successive and ever^wajyuxg straggles, one. Is the Demosratio party less sectional? Is itlabor obtained, as a reservation, the abridged but yet energies, and resources, an I often5 evan hoe physical 'to I^a^'burfc'? Is it unreasonable that for once wefrom the day wneru. Congress assembled. While the they have, or fancy they have, cause for war. Batnecessarily injurious in some degree to the whole and Arkansas'were admitted as capital States, while which have taxed afl her virtue, wiJdomjTnoderation. easier for us to bear ypur sectional sway than for youtwo great political parties were peacefully, lawfully, once try to subvert it, and you will find that it is acomnmoity. An economical question early arises oat of the subject of Slavery—labor either of freemen Or of slave* Is the cardinal necessity of society. Someand constitutionally, though zealously, conducting tne Government of the whole people—as individuals, aacomprehensive field of Kansas and_Nebraska.Now, -when the present conditions of the varions parts of the Louisianian Territory are observed, and weEeethat capital retains undisputed possession of what it then obtained, while labor is convulsing the country wfeh so bard and so prolonged a struggle to .personality of the laborer, not only as a member o Tegain the lost equivalent which was then guaranteed•the political body, but also as a parent, husband, child to it under circumstances of so great solemnity, we may well desire not to be undeceived if the Missouristrength and martial courage, to save herself from be- 8hoT&3 alternate ? But is the Republican party sec-ing betrayed into the Union as a Slave State. Ne- tional? Net unless the Democratic party ia. Thebraska, though 'choosing freedom, is, through the di- Republican party prevails in the House of Representa-rect exercise of the Executive power, overriding her tives jSomctimeE; the Democratic party in the Senateown will, held as a Slave Territory; aud New-Mexico always. Which of the two is the most prescriptive?has relapsed voluntarily into the practice of Slavery. Come, if you will, into the Free States, into the State offrom which she had redeemed herself while she yet New-York, anywhere from Lake Erie to Sag Harbor,remained a part of the Mexican Republic. Meantime, among my neighbors inthe Owasco Valley. Hold yourthe Democratic party, advancing from the grouad of conventions, nominate your candidates, addrees Popular Sovereignty "as far as that ground is from the the people,'submit to them, fully, earnestly, eloquently,Ordinance of 1/87, now stands on the position that all.your Complaints and grievances of Northern dis- both Territorial Governments and Congress are in- loyalty, oppression, perfidyr-keep nothing back, speak-great national issue between free labor and capital well as a compact of States; that every individualStates choose the one kind, some the other. Hence two municipal systems widely different arise. The Slave State strikes down and affects to extinguish thethe trials of the ballot, operating directly or indirectly est and power in it, aud knows that he will be help-neighbor or friend. He thus becomes, in a politic' •view, merely property without moral capacity, and without domestic, moral, and social relations, duties, rights, and remedies—a chattel, an object of bargain, Bale, gift, inheritance, or theft. His earnings are com- pensated and his wrongs atoned, not to himself, but to bis owner. The State protects not the slave as a man, but the capital of another man, -which he represents. On the other hand, the State which rejects Slavery en- courages and animates and invigorates the laborer by maintaining and developing his natural personality in oil the rights and faculties of manhood, and generally with the privileges of citizenship. In the one case capital invested in slaves becomes a great political force, while in the other labor thus elevated and en-Compromise was indeed unnecessarily accepted by the Free States influenced by exaggerations of the dangers of Disunicn. The Missouri debate disclosed truths of great n oment for ulterior use:First .• That it is easy to combine the capital States in defense of even external interests, while it is hard to unite the labor States in a common policy.inspired by an enthusiasm peculiar to themselves, and: stitution, with a wisdom that surpassed all oreviou* exasperated by grievances and wrongs that some of understanding'among men, adapted it to these inherentfranchised, becomes the dominating political power. reference to Slavery. But since 1820, European ques- It thus happens that we may, for convenience sake, tions have left us practically unconcerned. There hasbeen a great increase of invention, 'mining, manufac- andnotinaccurately,callSlaveStatescapitalStates, ture,andcultivation. Steamonlandandonwater•;and Free States labor States.So soon as a State feels the impulses of commerce or enterprise or ambition, its citizens begin to study the effects of these systems of capital and labor respoct- Ively on its intelligence, its virtue, ita tranquillity, its Integrity or unity, its defense, its pTospenty, ins lib- erty, its happiness, its aggrandizement, and its fame. In other words, the great question arises, whether Slavery is a moral, social, and political good, or a -moral, social, and political eviL This is the Slaveryquestion at homo. But there is a mutual bond of amity and brotherhood between man and man throughout the world. Nations examine freely the political systems of each other, and of all preceding times, and accord-ingly as they approve or disapprove of the two sys- tems of capital and labor respectively, they sanction and prosecute, or condemn and prohibit commerce in men. Thus, in one way or in another, the Slavery question which so many among us, who are more wil- ling to rule than patient in studying the conditions ofsociety, think is a merely accidental or unnecessary question that might and ought to be settled and dis-' massed at once, is, on t h e contrary, a world-wide andenduring subject of political consideration and civil administration. Men, states, and nations entertain it, not voluntarily, but because the progres* of societyhas quickened commerce. The press aud the tele- graph have attained prodigious activity, and the social intercourse between the States and their citizens has been immeasurably increased; and consequently, their mutual relations affecting Slavery have been, for many years, subjects of earnest and often excited discussion. It is in my way only to show how such disputes have operated on the course of political events—not to re- open them for argument here. There was a slave in- surrection in Virginia. Virginia and Kentucky de- bated, and, to the great sorrow of the Free States, re- jected the system of voluntary labor. The Coloniza- tion Society was established with much favor in the capital States. Emancipation Societies arose in the Free States. South Carolina instituted proceedings to nullify obnoxious Federal revenue laws. The capitalStates complainei of Courts and Legislatures in the la- bor States for interpreting the constitutional provision for the surrender offugiti res from seivice so as to treat them aa persons, and not property, and they discrim- inated against colored persons of the labor States when they came to the capital States. Tbey denied, iu Con- gress, the right of petition, and embarrassed or denied Ireedom of debate on the subject of Slavery. Presses, which undertook the defense of the labor system in the capital States* were suppressed by violence, and even ia the labor States, public assemblies, convened to con- riderSlavervquestions,weredispersedbymobssym- pathizing with the capital States.The Whig party, being generally an opposition party, practiced some forbearance toward the interest of labor. The Democratic party, not without demonstrations ef dissent, was generally found sustaining the policy of capital. A disposition toward the'removal of Slavery f<on the presence of the national capitol appeared in.new illuttrations in Kansas and Virginia of the ex- and your bounty counted, by the hundred or istence among us of a class of men so misguided and the thousand piece* of silver in the other, avso desperate as to seek to enforce their peculiar prin- thousand registers will rise up for every recruit you can ciplesby the sword, drawing after it a need for the engage. On the banks equally of the St. Lawrence-continuany brings it into their way. They dividetrpon it, not perversely, but because owing to differ the District of Columbia. Mr. Van Baren, a Demo-equal to those which the Government of the United African as if his'elri^fcxhaied contagion, answer. You gtates holds now suspended over so large a portion of find him always in the State where labor is ever free. the continent of North America ? Did Washington, Jefferson and Henry, when they im-CitizenBpf the United States, in the spirit of this plored you to relinquish your system and accept the policy, subverted the free Republic of Nicaragua, and one we nave adopted, propose to sink you down to theopened it to Slavery and the African slave-trade, and level of the African^ or was it their desire to exalt all held it in that condition waiting annexation to the Uni- white men to a common political elevation ?ted States, until its sovereignty was restored by a com- But we do not seek to force, or even to intrude, our bination of sister Republics exposed to the same dan- syacm on you. We are excluded justly, wisely andour laws and treaties; and, after a suspension of that ject of Slavery within your own borders, as we are shameful traffic for fifty- years, savage Africans have on the same subject within our borders. It is well and basn once more landed on-onr shores aad distributed, wisely so arranged. U»e your authority to maintaineuces of constitution, condition, or circumstances, they .cannot agree.The fathers of the Republic encountered it. They even adjusted it so thu it might have given ua much less than our present disquiet, had not eironmstancsB afterward occurred which they, wise as they were, bad not clearly foreseen. Although they had inherited, yet they generally condemned the practice of Slavery,and hoped for its discontinuance. They expressed this when they asserted in the Declaration of Independ-cratic President, launched a prospective veto against the anticipated measure. A Democratic Congress brought Texas into the Union, stipulating practically for itsfuture reorganization intofour shaveStates. Mex- ico was incensed. War ensued. The labor States asked that the Mexican law of liberty, which covered the Territories brought in by the treaty of peace, might remain and be confirmed. The Democratic party re- fused. TheMissouridebateof1820recurrednow,un- der circumstances of heat an excitement, iu relation to these conquests. The defenders of labor took alarm lest the number of new capital States might become so great as to enable that class of States to dictate theger, and apprehensive of similar subversion. Other contentedly from all political power and responsibility citizens reopened the foreign slave-trade in violation of ia your capital States. You are sovereigns on the sub-ence, as a fundamental principle of American society^ whole policy of the Government; and in case of con-that all men are created equal, and have inalienable stitutional resistance, then to form a new slaveholding rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. confederacy around the Gulf of Maaico. By this timeEach State, however, reserved to itself exclusive po- the capital States seemed to have becomo fixed in ationed it. the Democratic party avows itself responsible. Everywhere complaint against it is denounced, and its opponents proscribed. When Kansas was writhingours to protect a&d perfect the manhood of the mem- bers of the State. I b e whole sovereignty upon do- mestic concemB within the Union is divided between,litical power over the subject of Slavery, within its own borders. Nevertheless, it unavoidably presented itself in their consultations on a bond of Federal Union. The new Government was to be a representa- tive one. Slave* were capital in some States, in others capital had no investments in labor. Should those slaves be represented as capital or as persons, taxed asdetermination that the Federal Government, and even the labor States, should recognize their slaves, though outside of the slave States and within the Territories of the United States, as property of which the master could not be in-any way, or by any authority divested; and the labor States, having become now more essen- tially Democratic than ever before, by the great devel- opment of free labor, more firmly than ever insisted on the constitutional doctrine that slaves voluntarily car- ried by their masters into the common Territories, or into labor States, are persons, men.Under the auspicious influences of a Whig success, Caliiornia and New-Mexico appeared before Congress as labor Statee. The capital StateB refused to consent to their admission into the Union; and again threats of Disunion carried. terror and const amotion throughout the land. Another compromise was mado. Specific enactments admitted California as a labor State, and remandad New-Mexico and Utah to remain Territo- ries, with the right to choose Freedom or Slaveryilfteen distinct parts; we eighteen parts, equally dis* tinct. Each^must bo maintained m order that the whole may be preserved.. If ours shall be as- sailed, within or without, by any enemy, or for any cause, and we shall have need, we shall expect you to defend it, l i yours shall be so assailed, in thettbaB. have two Senators in Congress. Three-fifths of the slaves shall be elsewhere represented and be taxed *s persons. What should be done if the slave shouldescape into a labor State 7 Should that State confesshim to be a chattel, and restore him as such, or might'it regard him as a person, and harbor and protect himopments, then, indeed: all the winds of controversy 4are let loose upon as from all points of the po«a°«*•CBMU^"—'••—•' 1illiniumThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069senting this as an adjustment, never afterward to be,litical parties of the nation to maintain a censorship of i lie confidence, then it is quite ' *K * * " state of the case, however, ought not to be a mystery lie then it is quite certain that it c*a-final, absolute, and comprehensive settlement of altCongress may establish uniform laws of naturalization, existing and all possible disputes concerning Slavery to ourselves. . Prescience, indeed, is not given to states- the Press or of debate. The theory of our system is, ' not be digmisred from power too socm. Ralingimported into the States. The fathers agreed thatanditmightprohibittheimportationofpersonsafter fearfulfortheUnion,-htruckbandsinmakingandpre- apprehendthe1ogicofcurrentevents.Letparties,orwherereasonisleftfreetocombatit.Willitbe eithertheConstitution!orpublicliberty. BatIclaimed that more of moderation and tenderness ia de- . aball not believe the Democraticparty wflLoonseut tobateareexhibitedonyoursideofthegreatargument standinthisposition,thoughitdoes,throrigatheac-under the Federal authority. The two great parties, men; but we are without excuee when we fail to that error of opinion may in all cases safely be tolerated on that odious pricciple, it could not long_ s*vethe Government, choose or do what they may, the opened,disturbed,orevenquestioned,uudthepeople\ peopleoftheUnitedStatesdonotpreferthewealthof1808. Communities in the Scnth-West, detached fromtheSouthernStates,weregrowingupinthepracticeof Slavery, to be capital States. New States wouldeoo* grow up in the North-West, while as yet capitalstood aloof, and labor had not lifted the ax to begin rebable purpose to maintain the new treaty inviolate^ been distinctly recognized or acted on by them. Theaccepted it by majorities unknown before. The new; the few to the. liberty of the maty, capital to labor, than our own? We all learned our polemics, as well ; ticn ofh* reprceentstives. seem to cover aad sustainPresident, choBen over an illustrious rival, unequlvo- African slaves to white freemen, in the national Terri- as our principles, from a common master. We are i those who threaten disunion. I know the Demooraoyanoce*Bfnl war had jn»t terminated 5 peace brought with tta groatThe choice of the nation is now between the Demo- cratic party and the Republican party. Its principlesFederal jurisdiction, not as capital but as a person.What was the action of .the fathers in Congress ? eracy. That tirts repose is to suffer no shock durint; my official Polygamy. Who, that considers where this nation ex-the interesting apectacle of justice in conflict with ararice and | in the one virtue of loyalty to the Union all its ad- oppression— a.conflict where the sacred side is gaining daily new j vantages will be unavailiogv and then obnoxious as, recruits from the influx into, office of young men, grown and j through long-cherished ana obstinate prejudices, tho growing np." * *;•.*"* " Be not, then, discouraged. What ; Republican party is in the capital States, yet even you have written will do a great deal of good; and could you j there it will advance like an army with burners, win- still tronble yourself about our welfare, no man ia more able toterm, if 1 have the power to avert it, those who placed me hare may bo assured."They admitted the new States of the Southwest ascapital States, because it was practically impossible todo otherwise, and by the ordinance of 1787, confirmedin1789,theyprovidedfortheorganizationandadmis- forethenationalreposewasBhockedagain—shecteed, ment*«,doublethattheRepublicanpartycanaudwill, s'on of only labor States in the Northwest. Tbey di- indeed, as it had never before beenvand smitten this if unwaveringly faithful to that policy^ and just ana rected fugitives from service to be restored not as chat- time by a blow from the very hand that had ju^t re loyal in all beBide, carry it into triumphal success 1 ToHardly, however, had these inspiring Bounds died away, throughout a reassured aud delighted laud, be-ists,- of what races it is composed, in what age of the world it acteiw part on the public stage, and what areits predominant institutions, customs, habits, and senticourse of seed time and harvest might begin. The tttfeedy improvement of the public domain by home- A profound resoect and friendly regard for the Vice-slave capitalists of Missouri, from their own -wall- stead laws, and will. entourage- mining, manufacture,Capital States. It was purely and simply a natioualquestion whether the common interest of the whole Re- cratic President and Congress hesitatedf but not long. only, that through a succession of floods which never party do, and must do in a political system which. we who are,, here have shaped and elevated three ofnumbers on either side, however great, never com- continent should be an aaylun for the oppressed andpletely extinguishes this difference of opinion, for the exile, comibg year after year and age after age, letter from the national code. Tae deed was done. These 'threats enforce another—has it determination been more patient, and never loved the representatives same point. What execrations should we not all unitothere are always some defenders of Slavery outside, voluntarily from every other civilized land, as well asSlavery, society seems to overlook the natural right or of Congress; the claims of the States, and of their organization, to rescue, if it were not now too late, citizens; tho nature of the Federal Union? whether it the cause of Freedom and Labor, BO.unexpectedly and personal interest of the slave himself, and to act ex- is a compact'between the States, or an independent grievously imperiled in the . Territories of the Unitedin pronouncing on any statesman who heretofore, from mere disappointment and disgust at being overruled in. hie choice of materials, for any new oolumn then to b e quarried, should have laid violent hands on the im- perfect structure, and brought it down to the earth, theretoremainawreck,insteadof;acitadelofat world's best hopes jI remain now in the opinion I have uniformly ex- pressed here and elsewhere, that these hasty threats of Disunion are so unnatural that they will find no handprohibition of Silvery, but it pronounced tho people of spirit and pride. I am quite sure, however, that, as itKansas and Nebraska perfectly free to establish Free- has hitherto practiced self-denial in so many other there are always outside, if there are not inside of magnificent and luxuriant regions should be surren- dom or Slavery, and pledged Congress to admit them forms, it will in this emergency lay aside all impatience every Slave State, many who assert with Milton, that dered to the control of capital, wringing out the fruit in due time as States, oither of capital or of labor, into of temper, together with all ambition, and will con- "nomanwhoknowsaughtcanbesostupidtodeny oftheearththroughtheimpoverishingtoilofnegro thoUnion. TheWhigrepresentativesofthecapital sidertheseextraordinarydeclamationsseriously,and "**that all men naturally were born free, being the slaves. That Question of 1820 was identically the StateH, in an hour of strange bewilderment, concurred; with a just moderation. •It would be a waste of words u image and resemblance of God himself, and were by question of i860, so far as principle^and even the aod the Whig party instantly went do vn, never to rieo to demonstrate that they are unconstitutional, and c< field of its application was concerned. Every element again. Democrats seceded, and stood aloof; the coun^ equally idle to show that the responsibility for disunion privilege above all the creatures, born to command of the controversy now present entered it then; the try was confounded; and, amid the perplexities of the attempted or effected, must rest not with those who in *' and not to obey." It often, perhaps, generally hap- rightfulness or the wrongfulness of Slavery; its ef- hour, a Republican party was seen gathering itself to- the' exercise of Constitutional authority miintain the pens, however, that in considering the subject of fects, present and future; the Constitutional authority gether with much earnestness, but with little show of Government, but with thoee who un vonatitutionallytestimony for the people around us here, who, though in the very center where the bolt of disunion must fall first aud be most fearful in its effects, seem never less disturbed than no w. We bear the same testimony for allthedistrictsandStateswerepresent. Thepeople of the North are not enemies but friends and brethren of the South, faithful and true as in the days when death has dealt his arrows promiscuously among them on common battle-fields of Freedom.clusively for the welfare of the citizen. But this fact Government; the springs of its powers, and the liga- States.does not materially affect ultimate results, for the ele- tures upon their exercise. AH these were discuaeed I will not linger over the sequel. Tho popular sov- proved to be a majority in the North1, it is, therefore, ation.A canvass for a Presidential election, in some re-a consolidated Government, ever maintained. W « languish throughout^ if one joint of .our Federal fxamsi ie smitten; while it is certain that a part - dissevered must perish. You may refine as you please about thementary question of the rightfulness or wrongfulness with zsal and ability which have never been surpassed. ereignty of Kansas proved.to be the State swarf iguty practically the people of the North. Will it not still History tells us, I know not how truly, that the Union of Missouri, not only in the persons of the rulers, bat be the eame North that has forborne with you so longspects more important, perhaps, than any since 1800,has recently begun. Tne House of Representatives structure of tbe Government, and say that it is a com-was to be "organized bv a majority, while no party pact, and that a breachj by one or the States orby could cast more than a plurality of votes. The gloom Congress, or any one article, absolves all tbe membereof the late, tragedy in Virginia rested on the Capitol from, allegiance, and that the States may separate when-of Slavery inheres in every form that discaesiou reeled under the vehemence of that great debate. Pa- even.in the letter of an arbitrary aud cruel code. The and conceded to you somuch ? Can you justiy assume concerning it assumes. What isjust to one class of triotism took counsel from prudence, and enforced a rerfect freedom proved to be a hateful and intolerable that affection which has been so complying can all atengage m the mad work of subverting it.What'are the excuses for these menaces ? ,They re-solve themeelves into this, that the Republican partyWe will not suffer ourselves here to dwell ou any to execute them. W e are of one race, language, lib- evidencf s of a different temp/er in the South; but we erty, and faith; engaged, indeed, in varied industry! shall be content with expresiicg our belief that hos- but even that industry, so diversified, brings us int<»in the North is hostile to the South. Bat it already isto casual excitements, which cannot perpetuate alien-them had suffered by inroads of armed propagandists elements of nnman nature. He strangely, blindly competent to legislate against Slavery in the Terri- just as freely aud aslondry there as you do here. You of Slavery in Kansas, unlawful as their own retalia- misunderstands the anatomy of the great system, wm>tories, while they are not only competent, -but are will have\kospt£able welcomes, and appreciating audi-obliged, when it is necessary, to legislate forita pro- ences, with ballot-boxes open for all the votes you can tection there. ,_ win. Are you less sectional than this ? Extend to ustion was, attempted to subvert Slavery in Virginia by tlinkB that its only bonds, oreveu its s'-wmgest liga-conspiracy, ambush, invasion, and force. The method' ments, are the written compact or the multiplied and we have adopted, of appealing to the reason and judg- j thoroughly ramified roads *»d thoroughfares of trade,ment of the people, to l>e pronounced by suffrage, Is commerce and social interooiurae. These are strong^ tbe only one by which free government cin be main- indeed, but its chiefest instruments of cohesion—those tained anywhere, and the only one-as yet devised which render it inseparable and indivisible—are theSecond: That the labor States have a natural loy-alty to the Union, while the capital Statee have a nat- party now masks itself behind the battery of the Sur very Boon nave in the South as many. Repubhoaus <asfn this new and oxtreme position the Democratic the same privilegep, and I will engage that you will ural facility for alarming that loyalty by threatening preme Court as if it were possibly a true construction we have Democrats in the North. There is, however,millions of fibers of millions of contented, happy hu- man hearts, binding by their affections, their ambition and their best hopes equally the high and the low, the rich and the po^r, the wise aud unwise, the learnedtion of the continent far exceeding all that is yet or-ganized, should be renounced by Congress, which Its nature inheres. It will be national again, duringalone possesses any legislative authority, and should the th;rd forty years, and forever afterw ard. It is notbe assumed and exercised by a court wuich can onlytake cognizance of the great question collaterally, in aprivate action between individuals, and which actionthe Constitution will not suiferthe court to entertain, if secret designB. BOW can a party thai counts its votes it involves twenty dollars of money, without the over- in this land of free speeeh and free press by the hun- ruling intervention of a jury of twelve good and law- dreds of thousands, have any secret designs* Who is fulmenoftheneighborhoodwherethelitigationarises. thecor^urer,andwherearethehiddenspringsby The independent, ever-renewed, aud ever-recurring which he can control itB uncongregated and widely- representative Parliament, Diet, Congress, or Legis- disp^rc-ed masses and direct them to objects unseen and lature, is the one chief, paramount, essential, indis- purpoeea unavowed ? But what are these hidden pur- pensable institution in a Republic. Even liberty, guar- poses ? Ycu name only one. That one is to introduce anteed by organic law, yet if it be held by otner tenure negro eqnality among you. Suppose we had thepower to., change your social system, what warrant than the guardian care of such a representative popu- have you lor supposing that we should carry negrolar assembly, is but precariously maintained, while equahty amontt you ? We know, and we will showSlavery, enforced by an irresponsible judicial tribunal, you, if yc.;, will only give heed that what our systemis the complete3t possible development of despotism. 2Mr. President, did ever the annals of any Govern- of labor works out, wherever it works out anything",ment, show a more rapid or more complete departure is the equality of white men. The laborer in the Freefrom the wisdom and virtue of its founders ? Did ever States, no matter how humble his ocaupation, is a the Government of a great empire, founded on the white man, and he is politically the equal of his em-rights of human labor, slide away so fast and so far, ployer. Eighteen of our thirty-three. States are Free-invasion, involving servile war? was an act of sedi- of their wants, their wishes and their opinions; a i dand moor itself so tenaciously on the basis of capital, Labor StateB. > There they are: Maine, New-Hamp- shire, Massachusetts, Vermont, Rhode Island, Connec-which blinded their judgments to the real motive oftheir criminal enterprise; the alarm and consternation, the Africans free, the Africans in bondage, the iumatee naturally awakened throughout the country, exciting of Hospitals and Almshouses, and even the criminal*for the moment the fear that our whole system,.witn in the PenitentiariesY rehearse the story of your wrongs all its securities for life and liberty, was coming, to an and their own never so eloquently and never so- mourn-end—a fear none the more endurable because contin- fully,, and appeal to them to rise. They will ask yoo,and that capital invested in laboring men ? Did ever ticut, New-York, New-Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, a 1rh^ repreeentative Legislature, invested with powers Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota,so great, and with the guardianship of rights so im- Iowa, California, and Oregon. I do not array them in portant, of trusts eo sacred, of interests so precious, contrast with the.capital States. l a m no assailant ofand of nopes at once so noble and so comprehensive, States^ All of the Statee are parcels of my own coun- surrender and renounce them all so unnecessarily, so try—the best of them not so wise and great as I amually aggravated by new chimeras to which tho great leading event lent an air of probability; surely all these constituted a sum of public misery which ought to have satisfied the most morbid appetite for.social horrors. But, as in the case of the gunpowder plot, and tho Salem witchcraft, and the New-York colonial" I s this WT " Are you more just than Washington," wiser than Hamilton, more humane than Jefferson 1TM" " W h a t new form of Government or of Union havei! you the power to establish, or even the cunning te - " devise, that will be more just, more safe, nore free," more gentle, more beneficent, or more glorious thanunwisely, so fatally, and so ingloriouslv? If it be sure it will hereafter be; the State least developed andtrue, as every instinct of our nature, ana every pre- cept of political experience teaches us, that" 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates, aud men decay,"perfect among them all is wiser and better than any ioreign State 1 know. Is it then in any, and in Whioh, of the'States I have named that negro, equality offendsthenwhereinIreland,inItaly,inPoland,orinHun- thewhiteman'spride1»Throughoutthewideworld,,negroplot,sonow;theoriginalactorswereswifdy "•thisV7 Andbythesesimpleinterrogatoriesyouwillfollowed by another and kindred class, -who sought to- be silenced and confounded.prolong ana widen the public distress by attempting todirect the indignation which it had excited against Mr. President, we are perpetually forgetting thiepanieB guiltless equally of complicity and of sympathy subtle and complex, yet obvious and natural, mechan- with the offenders. ism o£ our Constitution; aad because we do torget it,we are continually wondering how it is that a Confed-Posterity must decide in all the recent-casea where eracy of 30 and more States, covering regions so vas^. political responsibility for public disasters must fall; and reguJ&ting interests so vinous of so many mil-and posterity will give little heed to.our. instructions. lions of men, constituted and conditioned so diversely,It was not uniil the gloomy reign of Domitian had worke right on. We are continually leaking to seeeuded, and liberty and virtue had found assured refuge it stop and stand still, and fall suddenly into piocee. under the sway of the milder Neiwa, that the histo- But m truth, it will not stop; it cannot stop;rian arofe whoBe narrative of thai, period of tyranny it was made not to stop, but to keep in motion—in mo-gary, has any ruler prepared for a generous and con- fiding people disappointments, disasters, aud calamitieswhereiatheState"Whereolassaud castearesoutterly extinguishsd as they are in each and every one of them ? Let the, European immigrant, who avoids thewise and beneficent for us alone or injurious to you alone. lis effects are equal, and the same for us all.You accuse the Republican party of ulterior andtion and treason, and criminal to just the extentthat it affected the public peace, and was destructive of hu- man happiness and human life. It is-apainful reflection that, after solong an experience of the beneficent Work- ingofoursystemaswehaveenjoyed^wehavehadtheseappeals to them all, individually, once in a year, or in two years, or at least in four years, for their expressed consent and renewal, without which it must cease. No, go where you will, and to what class you may, with<M>mmissionsforyourfatalserviceinonehand,and terror has been accepted by mankind. tioa always, and without force. For my own part, ae The Republican party being thus vindicated against thk wonderful machine, when it had newly come the charge of hostility to the South, which, baa been from the hands of its. almost divine inventors^ offered in excuse for the menaoes of unconstitutional •waathe admiration of my earlier years, although & uneclaimedandwithimpunity,amongourplaiita'ions. whatsystemyou-please. We are not distrustful of refcistencein theevent ofits success,1:feelwellas- was then but imperfectly known abroad, BOnow,For this policy, BOfar as the Government has sanc- the result. We have wiaoly, as we think, exercisedsured that it will 8U8tamme in meeting thjemintbe when it forms the central figure in the economy of tbe spirit of the defender of the Soglish Commonwealth: world's civilization, and the best sympathies of mankinduBurery they that ahall boast as we do to.beniroe nation, and, favor its continuance, I expect that it will stand and having the i power, shall not also.-. hav» ih». couiose. ,to roxnor* work right on until men ahall fear its failure no morewonder the wounds of incipient? servile war, because of us by unmistakable beundaries. Yod have- yoor constitutionally every GoTemcA whether heJbe the P*gT*H than wo now apprehend that the sun will cease to holdwhole world is there to be found one representative of our country who is not an apologist of the extension of Slaverv. * • ,text, or who the foe, we shall defend yahr sove- reignty as th© equivalent of our own. We can- not, indeed, accept yon* system of csjjital or its ethics. Thai would be to surrender arid subvert ourYou aro equally at liberty to reject oux- Byatsm and iW ethics, and to matataftvithe superiority of your own by alltheforcsacf.periTiasion and argam^ait. WemosL, ersare «o":«riHmgtiorenounce-and, combining it with that other, s^orifl tbou^ht, liberty, which has been its inspScaBoa so long, it will move firmly ojrwnra, •withtheT motto insenbedon its banner, "Uiwoi* andhave been either abridging or altogether suppressingcommerce in men; at the very moment when theRussian sorf is emancipated, and the Georgian captive,the Nubian prisoner, and the Abyssinian savage, are mdeei, mutually disonsa both sysUnvj, All the worldlifted up to freedom by the successor of Mohammed. diacasaeB all systems. Especially must we disonsaThe world, prepossessed in pur behalf by our early them sincewe have tb'deoide as a nation whioh of thedevotion to thei rights of human, nature, as no nation two we ought to engraft on :ihe new and future Statesever before engaged its respect, and sympathies, asks, growing up in;, the great ,*ablic domain. Discussion and what party is to assail it? Only the Democratic before our ©yts. But the apbojnted end of aU tM* in wonder and amazement, what all this demoralization then, being nftavcddabl^ '^(M: cpuld!ti«' more wise party, for there ia no other. Will the Democratic agitation c^nvee at last, and always w ^ ^ f f i ^ S I means? It has ah excuae,better than the world can tbantoconduai Ewitiimntua^)ioration.«ad.in afra-. party take up the assault? The menaces. oIBlBunioQ tumults of the people subside; %0£antry J**0TM*!asaman?Theycompromisedagain,anddecidedthatwhenripenedintoStates,whiletheygavenewreme-imagine,betterthan^vearegenerallyconsciousof-teraalspirit,'_y£f. ••'."-""'•.;..^•:'•':,:*r_•,.aremade,thoughnotinitsname,yetinitabehalf.Itcalmo&ce»oreV»ndjhenweM'$J*Egl ^n» person held to labor or service in one State by the dies for the recaption of fugitives from service, aud ourselves, a virtuous excuse. We have loved not v You*oomplamtbat Republicans discourse too boldly mnat avow or disavow them. Its slleace, thus far, is sense*:have been disturbed, and ' • ^ W J £ ? J2iabolished the open slave market in the Di&teict of Co^ freedom ao much leas, but tho Union of our country sa and dixeotfyl whla thoy express with confidence. &Qir portentous, but u aotalwniug. Tboeffect ofthe. ia. traybdas. The eartaKMMM®?^**Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com-''«C•&»&m'iiumme^^mmmilii&k^iaiulM .: •i., * SMS ^^;;^-k-:,:. ...i ,...StatfMa-"•v-rfTOgr--^"fJf*I**?/**' -s^-«#y* -•***»"•- '•••'•• •-*•.. -y„......*',•..«...*.helpthelaboringside."You see, Sir, that whether we go for or against Slavery anywhere, we must follow Southern guides. You may change your pilots with the wiadsorthe eurreiita; but we, whose nativity, reckoned under the North Star, has rendered us somewhat superstitious, must be exoueed for constancy in following the guid- ance of thoee who framed tho national ship and gave us the chart for its noble voyage.ning the favor of the whole people, and it will be armed with tbe national confidence and support, whenJ it Bhall be found thejordy^arty that defends and main- tains tbe integrity of the Union.Those who seek to awaken the terrors of dbunion seem to me to have ioo hastily considered fche\ condi- tions under which they are to make their attempt. Who believes that a Republican Administration and Congref s could practice tyranny under a Consthutioa* which interposes so many checks as ours 7 Yet that tyranny must not only be practiced, but must be intol- erable, and there must be no remaining hope for con- stitutional relief, before forcible resistance can find ground to stand oa anywhere.ment of the Union; so that, in the present unhappy condition of affairs, he is almoBt tempted to exclaim that we are dissolving week by week, and mon^h bythey have more than once reconsidered and reversed their judgments in former times. It needs no" revolu- tion to correct any error, or prevent any danger, under any ciicumstancee./'tility that is not designedly provoked, and that cannot more intimate relations with each other than any other provoke retaliation, is an anomaly that must bs traced people, however homogenous, and though living underlabor for the Territories to its proper solution, through member of the body politic is conscious of his inter-on the various departments of the Government, a band less, powerless, hopeless, wneu it shall have goneof exceptional men, contemptuous equally of that great down. Mankind have a natural right, a naturalimpatient of the constitutional system whicti con- ment ; and when, as .here, they are sufficientlyfines the citizens of everv State to political action by ripened by culture, sthey witl and must have self-suffrage in organized parties with n their own borders, government, and no other. The framers of our t Con-further illustration bv their punishment of that greatmoral truth; especially applicable in a republic, that coasts, on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico, and in thethey who- take up the sword as a weapon of contro- dolls of the Rocky Mountains, among the fishermen ofversy shall perish by the sword. In the latter case, the banks of Newfoundland, the weaveis aud Spinnera the lamented deaths of so many citizens slain from .an of Massachusetts, the stevedores of New-York, theambush and by surprise—all the more lamentable be- mintrs of Pennsylvania, Pike's Peak and California, cause they were innocent victims of a frenzy kindled tbe wheat-growers of Indiana, the cotton and the sugarwithout their agency, in far d stant fires—the deaths planters on the Mississippi, among the voluntary citi- even of the offenders themselves, pitiable, although zens from every other land not less than the nati renecessary and lust, because they acted under delirium, born, the Christian and the Jew,, among the Indians on" X«BS*T'r, come what may, in victory as in defeat, ia " power as dnt of power, now and forever."compass,weseeobjectsaadmenonlythrough pouu- cal nazes, austs. aad doubtful and lurid %**}*•, *JT earth seems to be beavittE^iador our feet{ and tae pu- laxs of the noble fabrlo thai protects usto be tremblingIf the Republican party maintain the Union, who.—•••mriKfflrtritfna.,..',';"Viii'i 11111111 itlwiaiiiniliii.,.,..,,'mjNor is any new or special cause for revolution likerjand the Rio Grande, on the Atlantic and the Pacificthe prairies, the contumacious Mormons in the Deeeret,nation may have itsjust, and natural, and free devel-  