 t-3Slates, sitbongh iprotective policy. Any danger to theSoutS^tri^^.in^eitlntjthere as important news, in view of the po- Uealeventsstlrriigaroundus. Thepolicyofall Saiopa seems to be favoring the abolition of Slav- •ry.The scene In the Ilonee to-day wcj interesting ki some respects. The state of the Union d'd not aalej much into the discussion.th^it one third may Eleraclhiosuen every fourtn >ear thereafter.'of the second eUs«, at the expirationTo this the Housethat authority to all the notes Issued under this law.This api'lies to the whole ten millions.The House then proceeded to the consideration ofcol.isi. n V. ith tneOL, X.—NO. 3881.THE NATIONAL CRISIS.NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, DECEHBER 14, I860.PRICE TWO CENTS. rcr.t.^^::i;ttss;:.„-,!rw:^nmTilTMltig^ftheOMigrcssioaaiCouytice H»bt8 negotiation for the Government office onependingThere is no probability of an a{^lntment In the meoibef of tids Union. [Laughter In thegalleilei QBIAT DSMOIISTBATIOS THB BBS0LVT101I8 ADOPT-oi die Crfeis*than nine instead of niitrly thousand dallars ; and upon tbe duties of Secretary of the Treasury. CONOBE8BIONAI. PROCBEDINGS.PanSBiLTKiA. Tbnraday, Dec. 13, The grand Union meeting assembled at noon insentiments of the Governor elect [Cheers for Cca- nx.] He read a telegispb diqiateh from tba GovcmoT of Maryland to Mayor Hbbbt, deajring tbe feporttbatmof aBist, of Arkansas.[Laughter.) Ah, Senators, NiBO laughed wliilst Romewasburalag. You who have It in your power to savayour saferiBg people In tbe dead of Winter, whoathey need foei and food, should not laugh now. iaeatlal dtixeas. South Cveilna may bescme the grave of fraemen,'batSabmittcd Propositioo byMr. JOHRSOH, of Tennessee, lintrodoeed alarge number of TIce-PresideBts and Secretaries, theThe Trouniry Note Bill Passed in Both Houses.her Minister visits this Court, and presents his cre- dentials, that State will wait until the q-ie^lon of en-The peeple of the City of Philadeli4iia. having as- sembled in cbeerfbl obedience to the Proclamation of the Mayor, Issoed by request of their Councils, for the purpose of tesUfylBg tbelr love for the Union andtneir devoiiuBtaHsptrpetaaUon, and to the streiigtheningIBMTOfl WI6FAU. OF TEXAS, ON TREASON. street. It is under the consideration of the Commlltoe on Foet-officee and Post Roads, who will probably re- port favorably, although the State-street i>arty fa!ledall Intents and purposes as a pert of the Constitution. That hereafter lae Pre ileutand Vice-President of the Unitea diates shall be chosen by the p?i>ple of theNorth or tba 8oatb,tba East or the West, as one greatArcat ITnion DemoBstratioii tm PbUadelplila.logeraid),Hitpmtdbta and Correspondenoe from XJm South.'WAiBtiraioa, TltaTsday. Dee. 13. A ditpateli, signed by RBAeAM of Texas, Hihd- UAM of Aikmneas, Larsiqii of Loais^ana, all the Mfthrifrl iiwaiben, all tbe Alatxuni membeTa bat BeoRoa and Cobb, all the Geergtasa eieept Hux and auiuii, all tbe 8oatb Carolteians here, and by Mr. Rmni of North CaroKso, was thl« erenlng sent8saih to their respcottre cosatltueats, declaring that day, Ikcie U DO hope whaterer for concitiation or aetUa-the South.:Bon. J. R. Jodge Woodwanli and Othen.Carolina voluntarily raised the necessary money Inorder to rejiaur them. Wlien she gave these forts tothe General Government it was a voluntary gift forFederal purposes. When she ceases to be of this of that sacred instrument wbieh tbe wisdom and tbe at Savannah, Columbus and Atlanta. Sa far tbe^Mtheg hj Hayor Heory,ofcat, and nrgiag prompt aetioo and immediate aeoes-lisB. TheabOTOfactcame(otheknowledgeoftheCoaunittee of Thirty-three while Inaeasioo, and whileMr. Kiiioes was speaking. He immediately sns-ycBded his raiQarks, and Ur. DmH, of Indiana, ofiered Government, are greatly to be regretted and that,AaeilM of rtsoloUons to the effect thatWhtrtt, SerioBS dlssatisfsetion and difficulties ex-MlBlbeSoatbem Slates of the Confederation, which aw likely to lead to a disruption of the GoremmeDt Udensome means are speedily adopted to restoreaOjuurned till Monday.was true, as a matter of fa,;t,althoagh my birthplaceand oonfidence,Mimlvtal, That we will at the earttest poesible mo-C adopt all legal and eonstUirtioiicJ means Is se- ithe fights of the States, and give all necessaryees of the eame.Meaaiu, of Vermont, and Mr. Paaar, of Con-pMceMr. of M»BBis,it,each ofTered anwndmenta making slightthe countrv and the perpetuity of the L'nion should be promptly and cheerfully granted.This amendment was rejected by the following vote of the Committee :safetyandprosperity;watch its preser- UniteO States, tbe of Philadelphia submit peopleout of theUnion,if thebusiness is properlyla tbe wording of Mr. Do-m's resolutian were TOted down, and the resolution passed bya ia ••» baiag held at Gen. Datis' MeetlBKon the Siinic highest numbers daythat the secondvation with jealous anxiety that we will dis- themselves and to decisions managed with the Federal Governmtnt I have can-a uaaalDUHia T«te. KxmiaDiyu, ofthat it indignantlycan in event be anyabandoned, these respect*, as the same has been or may be ex- obie ditiotutum, if we are deleimthed to go. The rea-denounced the ia violent ianguage, as an attempted fraud tte South, lateaded only to delay action. He at aaaeaed tbe Sestbers members to a eaucua,andfrowntbe firstdawningofAndfrom lecpmms nc that whatever points of doubt exist touch- ing these suhieets, be in some amicable and lawful way for^ivltb submitted to tbe consideraliea of saidsoLS which bring them to these are as conclusions,man bctitate a day about foUowiog Vlfginla in anyMr. CuBBT objecte*!.Mr. MvfBBis said he wanted a vote on the resol-jtion— Ls M'jch eaerfe sbe may take, that her programme.YiAS—Messrs. Adams, Humphrey, Frrry, Robinson, Alorrill, Worse, Washbume, Curtis—8.tthe sadness felt at Xh". idea of a diseulutlon of the Onion Is dltsipated, in the beUef that we sbiUteven byNats—Messrs. Corwin, Millson, Winsliw. Camp-and OnIt wouldsucceed.rcilere ourselves from the eternal talk Aent the negro race. Of the two tvlls, a Uissclu- tinaof the Union or furtber irritation of tbe public aviad on account of the black man rather than the vbite, the former is preferable."Ofleial information lias been received here, I cn- Jinliiiil that Holland has made arrangements for aannelpalion of tbe slaves in all the Datch Col- aak*, on tbe pilnciple of English emaneipation,Shkbhah, of Ohio, (Rep.,) thethat the ashes of those brave men cpposeotoit 1 begin rei.ea', th-it it isaacbastepbell. Love, Davis ofPiratton, Brislow, Neisoii, Dunn, Taylor, Reubengood behivior," aiio "my; aablag eompeneation to the masters. This is re-aud of the third class, at the cx-garicdvote,public and many of the private buildings soared in toe1indsfortneconstructionofrailroads displayofbunting,withappropriatemottles. Ona GmtralGoverumtnt,t^odknowswhereUtvtllend. W*' Tbe Treasury Note bill passed without serious dif- fcaMy. The Kansas Land Appropriation bill was iat length, and referred back to the Cam- It la the same scheme really that was pushed lait year, only on a different plan. Tbe object is to secure a grant of land tobuiiJ a railroad connecting n. Joseph and Atchison or Lawrence. The quarrel aa to which of the latter sball be the terminus of theaate.The squabble on the Public Printing commenced to-^y in the House. IIabeii) proposed a rjsoluUon virtaaliy throwing Fobd out of office. The dlscus- alea became lively and somewhat personal—some geattemen saying that others had been prompted by nttvesoiher than patriotic. Bubbbtt, of Kentucky,every attempternment ifaall have been exhausted. No additional force Is to be employed on any of the forts In the neighborhood of Charleston. fostxb, the En-duringance in office. And it shall be tne duty of the tee on Public Lands.ttoogbt that if IIaskih wasso anxious to ferret outact for Ihe adniistinn ol Oregon.gress, authorizes the issue of Treasury notes for su?h Mr. IvBEBoit, of Georgia, (Dcm.,) called op tte billmainly We most hazards. We will do wellgtaaii, be had better turn his attention to|te acbeme for the purchase of a Gov-aOacat Printlng-c ffice. IfAsain suggested thatpreservetothe Union at allof one of cciis|iirators heie a few- days since, that the leap froma»—AW liad better call for an inveetigation elless than Jollars. Such notes shall be and Mr. HiMua. of Maine, (Rep .) opposed it, and said a was foimcrly offered at $t?0,000, and was not worth with the principles of the Federal compact, noiio ihe I nion mufit be made w-liile Mr. UocnASA^ was^De Groot claim. Bnnirr thought that If gentle-fifty paid yet in office. This was e brief way to express a -^reat redeemed after the of one from the Secretary was already allowed the Commission. $4(1,010. may justly interfere with or righteously dcnoutics; d( ah South Carolina and the other Cotton States areaa were to tbiow out iaainoatlons against the per- aMal ebaraeter of otbers. It was time to have it un- 4ar«tood, and demanded aa explanatlOD of Hasau,dale of isiue to bear such rate of interest as shall be Mr. Halx, of New-Hampshire, (Kep.,) proposed an ;consideration of theannum. It is provided that after the maturity of said shall not lake effect till the public debt of the United Mr. Hssxiv replied that the Joint Committee had ceding Stales,wUeb wasSlates shall be peid.Mr. IviBses said, that's an extraordinary proposi-that it badJosira R, Ibobbsoli then ad.I'essei the meeting.lead. Shedaies in asshees- toleadjust proportionreport jjpin^rantinghas beer, prepared by Southern ex-boh'encd with turh a^he jumps toilieMississippi,New-York Robinson, of Rhode Islandevery pcuDded enfeeble tbe sacred ties wblcb now link to-nythat august tiibtmai.further, theyygj^ifll OM^ouicd wltboot a rtlaannHngt lanaaelaf, aad ayaliiici Idawaapoaae.r by Itealden^ BdoharaiiI ferlons apprehensions of an early conflict inImif 'MM saaU tie ecbhosen ftrho>am oae of of aay faity or aay wkatasar sella atCarolina, notwithstanding t)ie assurancesfef bar autboiitlea that such should not happen until after filendly nesotlatlons shall hive failed.Tkcie tcema now to be little doubt tiiat Virginia aadMarylandwillgowiththeCottonStates. Alet- tB tt«a> a distinguished citlzeu of Maryland says :*• Maryland, moderate and peaceful as sne Is, willfect theor interests uf the citizens ofsuggestingigirenany part and are of remuval.aspublic exigenaies require,Con-but not to ex- relative to our CoBlini^sion tu Mexico.manner. While this e—which caused all present to torn their atten-timates the chances,—wh ch chances sbe conceivesgivenampleol days' notice of readiness to redeem and pay the same,;in annotes the interest cease on thetaie*, who imagined that another scramble fbf pltm- papers at the seat of GovernmentdoT was at hand. The wtioleA letter from a distinguished source just received postponed' from Alabama, says it is now certain that the co-his conval- getUog tore.Monday In the Sen-•ata Tuesday next. Ford is•sceace in Ohio with tae aanator Wadi has the noor formoney, and because all just claims had been paid. Mr. SuLBLL, cf Loul.-lana, (Dem.,) said the United to the Convention, and tenor more in Middle States had given satisfaction to Mexico under condi-resolution, passed last session, as he will be PrintingMe. He win make a very firm, bul tc-t a warenoughview cf Ihe threats of moved au adequate body of tioopsaa t«|>orted. He wiU defcrnl iheHertb from the attacks which Live Veention. Col. TATI.OB. a leading Bell man of thtt State, judlcation. ard The In- hostile acts of the Assembly, passed di.-tincliy. gentleman cannot desl in unyby recoveryhopepart of tbefor mem- Htoit heartily reciprocate, and echo bark to the peo- ncfs. Jn ls32, JiCESoH, inwas harrjlng upconsider each other from the North and will be timid, and such as will off.r the least po.=Bl-thingDeGrootto Investigate the subject of the OovemraenlOffice, and 1 trust his skirts will be as clear on that subject as mine are on this.we no lorger timely ptlicy on the Soutli as hostile and enemies. He referred to the b!e rbstncles. A bold, vigorotis.ofoperatioBifte or conservatives will carry every County In Northern Alabama in the electionof dele-GovernmcDt, 1 iindert.ike to say, would have placed another roniplexion on the whole busi-speech, RtpuLl.cans and thejbutobediently cheerfully theof the Supreme Court of the United States, whether now mane or hereafter to be made, and they pledge tb(m^ elves faithfully to observe the Constitution Invasseu this subject as thoroughly as I can, with my tiiciliiies for doing so, and find a large majority of those with whom 1 have conversed, im favor uf pev.e-traded that the District of C^^mbta will be in tbe Bontbern Confederacy, a d the Soulh will claim the Csplto], which may lead to a civil war. Great ef-fore tbe ratio of representation In the House of Ropre- sentatlves wlU be about 133,000.tlcn of the United States. He denied that tbe action of the Bout em States was treason against the UnitedheTHE SECESSION MOVEMENT. OVK TEI^BGRAPBIC DISPATOHES. THE UNION MEETING IN PHILADELPHIA.forts are being made to prevent»U3h disastrous re-sioner, and to him all the tiansfened.npeled byl.tei, conspicuous In ptttf. theFROMTBEPBDE&ALCiPITAL. nins.Tbe statement in the Tiaxa should have readSlave law be that It should besaid the Sena or from Ncw-Tork (ail'tdlng lo Mr.KiBo) may laugh on. Before tbia day next week Imake the asserti<m that Soutb Carolina will revokeher ratification of the treaty whinh makes herone of these United States. She will send Independence-square. It was opened by prayer by he Intended to soavene tbe Leglslanre of that Slate,Menais, of Ulisole, (ailed againresolution pledging the life, honor and property ofibe members to the Union, bat he says, with the help of G«K he will do U yet.Great effort is being made by the State-street Post-ofice party in Boston to recover the twelve thousanddoUare indemnity to the Government, deposited by them when the Post-office was removed to State-joint CcnstitnUonWkenas, The fifth article of the Constitution of the,getproposingnameanumber ofMiLxs,Carolina,perma-of Southleaves to-morrcw aently. Several Southern gentlemen are making ar-The House Committee ofThirty-Threemet to-Picstdeut of the Seriate and Speaker of the House ofand took theRepresentatives. The Congress of the Uniied states(hall be in session on the second Monday in '>;tober, inthejea: lb64, andon the suuc uuy every fourth yeartheieaf'er ; and the Presilentof the Senate, in the be coerced or not. I would sooner see the Union de- invades the constitutional rights of ci(iiens of a sister THE CALCULATIONS OF SOUTH CAROLINA.aetlonoD thatthe Message referring to the ponding difficulties infully searched by their at ttie representatives.ollowingportionap- proaehirg sessioc of the Legiela'ure. and that every statute, if anysu^h there be, which in the least degreeDavis of Houston, MissisflppI, Kellogg,and that ibey have in their keeping the Doiiesof our;which he commenced last been no new movements.September.Therehave fir»t>-la>s shall be vacated at tbe expiration of the last session reduced the price.Mr. Hasxm also reported a resolution direc'ing theof Independence was proclaimed with despair a thorough observation ol the stale ot trie case fromin our hearts. in the of the ihl-. stano-point, and hoping it may lead us to tbe at- Only sovereignty peopleto-daytoin hisresolutionof tbe United States, at foaowMaryland, Whltelev, TappiUi,lolio-s-inr? wuris, and f.ir her, inat sain ar icle and icciioo be amended by ad-ling the fol-•'Phelps, Rust, Howard, Hamilton, Bnrch, Windbam. Stout—23.and it shuli be the duty of :he I'res- ident ot tbe United Stales, within twelve months after tie ratlficatiftn of this amentirneut by three- foarths of all the States, a- provioed by tne Constitution ot the United State:i. to divide the whole number of JuJges, as near as may lie practtiable, icto three daises." The teats ot the Judges of the first class shall be va-cated at ihe of the fuurui frim "iich cxpiratuu yearturned from the Senate with amendments.The House agreed to that amendment which re- duces the denomination of the no*.es from one hun-soldiers who perished in their defenceThe original proposition of Mr. Rust was then adopted by the following vote :dred to fifty dollars.The other Ser ate amendment proposed that threeYbas—Messrs. Corwin, Million, Winslow,bell, Love, Davis of Maryland, Stratton, Brisrow, Nel- fon, Dunn, Taylor, Kellcv, Houston, Phelps, Rusf,Mr. Riinin Davis, of Mississippi, declined to andMr.Botcx,ofSouthCarolina,whohasheretofore been present with the Committee, was absent to day.— Nats—Messrs. Adams, Ferry, Hunphrey, Robin-of intereblihan six per centum., but not at less I ot perish without an eternal to us.their 1 cctsssry, it seems au act of tony to aHoward, Hamilton. Curtis, iJuich, Windham. Sto it sen, Tappan, Morrlil, Morse, Washburnc—8.-2.higherreproachrbildren, if we destroy so great and so fair on inheri-tance.The stage was gaily decorated wl'Ji flngs. All tbeprecipitate Ui-nerni GMrer'nnent when we can, by negotiation, get them peaceably to allow us to se-cede.I btg ycur influence to htip us pracrably out if tkeMeetings, all Christian Churches and all praying peo-persons, oiie-half of whom shall be chosen fr."n theMcCLEaSAKn,Illinois,(|v:S^.-"t"^ ^ft;Camp-I:pie cnce of the Sena'e and H >use uf Representatives,all the certificates, and the votes shall t>eResolved, That it. tbe opinion of this Committee theexlstibg fjisconteuts among tae Southern people andthe growing hostility among them are greatly to beregretted, aU'I thai any reasonable, proper, and con- jority of the whole nuiiiber of votes given ; and if no stitutional remedy necessary to preeerve the peace ofstroyed thab a military despotism erected such as is now attempring to be made. South Carolina has laidStale, will be at once repe.iled. ani that Pennsylva-WHAT KF.IPS THEIR i^'roffi tile CharUitimMr. RcBT, of Arkansas, offered the following:nia, ever luval to the Union and ii-ieral inof the and her obligations to it, will be faithful always, iu LerCODaAQE CP.Resolved, That in the opinion of this Conimlttes, the existing di^contenrs among the Sonthern people, and the growing hoetiiiiy among them to the Fe<leralher bands one uf the uponMercury,St. Nicholas Hotbi., New-Yo»k, Dec. 6, 18«0.;whether such discotitents and are without hostilityjust cau«e or not, any reasonable, proper, and consti- tutional remeoies and effectual guarantees of their peculiar interests, as recognized by tlie Constitu- tion, necessary to preserve the peace and the p«fr- petuity of the Union, should be promptly and cheer- fully granted.Mr. MoBsiu., of Vermont, offered the following as an amendment :Have been stopping here for a number of days; cn- register, Maine,"TiAs.—Messrs. Corwin, of Ohio Adam^, of Massa- an equality of votes between the person so voted ;Ferry, for at the second eleciion, then theof Con- personpicienebutetts Humphrey,of ;necticut New-Hamnehire;; Morrill, of VeraaontTappan, Morse,of having the greatest numser of votes in theattemptto alienate orof oarcountryvarious as the tactions to whichn erchaut and trader belieyc that ifthey belong. TbeMainejrest,course,Court, snd that its oplnlosi be aoaepted as the final and chase our goods and sell our cotton—iwe arethem lo pur-;Washburne. of Wisconsin—».;thegether the various partsresolution deolaros weour own that we will return to>MMs Basts af ariitel, Uiaw of at Arfcaasas. Bowanl«d VkeResolxed, That whatever grievances exist which af-inu Iubie Cvo^autiHWnHitulioitotn. purvovidoevdu tuhvatt* Uuawa Prrnsiawiideat la Ba titamfhfclo». frHoliaU It. are innsiJslsit wMb that splrtt ofifej^aar,ef ;Giihiisiiilsiiliwnintigaswe believe It has sufiScIent to redress every powera substitutelien tbat a Convention or of CongressDelegatesfrom:This resolution was also rejecied Ly tlic following vote ;orand our defence in war.rightsCoiifederacy capable bysection 3, be amended **t>y striklugout the word,proper,goujt ang ffus, ait4of thetbe action of Congie^s ought to receive full and ap- propriate remedies by the speedy action of the Fed- eral Legielattii-e, either by resoluti-.^n, by statutory amendments to the Constitution, or by recommenda- tion for the call of a general Cooirention of the Slates, as maj be necessary to accomplish the puroosts afore- said.Legislature,'* and lns.;rtlug *'mthereof the fjl-ttfcii.ble Union. He kates it as b'ldofgreatest number of States shall be Vice-PresMent.But wtien the seoond election shall be necessary laleft to takeNats—Messrs. MUIeon of Virginia, WInslow of tbe case of Vice President, and not neoessarv in OMeand among other things, tbe regard tbe perpetuity of tbewki'Ji to t*rm other constderofioaj—but tiMt If aa at-"party are full believers In theNorth Carolina, Love of Wniteley of Dela- of President, then the Senate shall ohoose a;auiboritalite Bolutlaa of aU donbta as to tbe ueaoingof tbe CaastUaUcB la coatrosaitcd poiats.n all abovtGeorgia,ware, Stratton of New-Jersey, Brtstow of Kentucky, Vice-President from the person.s having the two high-Is made to coercecompelled to submit,^ that it wUl msiiaifas aaeh a iaeifaa of bats ttwt N<w-Toik wUl'gat "aa aura tradebomOS, TbeIViSanepontonofoaeAbsiUoaceed ten millions of dollars, of denominations of not An smcLdment was offered to autliorize a solicitor.expiration yearMessrs Grow, of Pennsylvania, (Rep..) and SvAif-them.Mr. the Sbcoxbt,well knew that treason was de-ofPatent Office, ia by law now th.i acting Commis- fined to be levying war on the United States. It isposeduysippi,;vho fought with us and for us, rest beieathour soil,viz:of expressed thereon, at the rate of six per centum per amendment to the bill, viz., provided that the act lesoluiion.The retolutlons were amended a r^al, for a Gen- toexpirationsixtyIn furor of the propised Conven-from all the Slates, toMexico. the gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. BuBssrT.) that tating war. We have all to lose by disunion. It is ance that, if the Federal Governm.-iit is not actually, Mr. Halx opposed the bill because there was no I will be as anxious to investigate the matter of the most imiortanl that public sentiment be changed, that or in some sort, on her side, its policy towards herlong efficient C3ilcf ClerkFcAB'B profits on the Public printing are a little more place of Mr. Tbomas, who retired to-day, and entered and among Senators.] Mr. Wiaraii oontmoed, andhundred and thlrty-Ave thousand dollars. Instead of tbhtyfive. The purchase having been agreed to by the Committee, it will probably be csnfirmed—thus putting Wbkseu all right once more.SE.sIATE.After prayer the Journal was read.an [Envoy Extraordinary to appear at this Court. Bishop FoTTBB. Ha] or Hbbbt presided, assisted by aMayor Hxsbt read a di.spatch (r m a saeeiing of rhiladelphians, now holdlur at the Plftb-aveone Ho- tel, in New-Y'ork, approving tbe action of tlleir aatlva cilT,Speeches were also delivered by TaiaMai Cittui,Esq,, and Hoa. Isaac in the same vein. HAxxLanxsT,The meetl g then adjourned amid enthualasUe oheer- iTig for the Union.AFFAIRS IN SOUTH CAROLINA. Chabixstoh, S. C, Thursday, Dec. IS.The Charleston Courier believes a comproiuiae imposrlble.UnitedStates fbre be itforamendmentsthereto there- ;followhagamendments to the :tified by tbe Governor of the State, to each of a^:Risclved,4. Thatthet'le Uie term of twelve years ;'*lowing theieto:; tiltourgto rious Institutions, under whose guidance and protec- tion we h^ve attained so great prosperity antl renown, ajid which have made this Union of States the joy ao.i hofe of rppre'fed millions throughout tlie world,c'atstfica'ion;of the elgh'h )ear;thanpar.agreed,but extenledot S.i the twelfth year.thebuaioess wlU be well known onprovidesRetolved, By tbe Senate and House of Representa- and Ftamping in the galleries ; also, hisses.] Whenshallcoi.ntfd. The person having the greatest number ofvotes fur Piesl .ent shall be president, if such na.nl>erLe equal to a majority of the whole number of votesgiven; but if no person hive such majority, then atecf.nd election shall t>e held on the first Tnursiay ofti e inonin of Uecemoer thea next ensuing, beliveenthe Leisons haviug the two highest numbers, for the(ffice uf Presideiit, whicli seconJ eicc'a jii shall tiecuuducted, the result cer.ilied and the voles cou.ited inU,e tame manner as the first, and the person havingthe grtatCbt number of votes for President, shallbe d,.ciared elected. But if two or more per-sons thall bave received the greatest num-ber of votes, the one receiving the greatest auju-ber of voles in the greatest number of States !<aiU tiePtesideiit. The person having tne greatest nu^iber the Immense value of our national Union of votes for Vice-President at the fin?t election shUibe Vice President, if such numtier be equal to a ma-openconstruingpeisun have such majority, then a second election thail lake place between trie persons having the twopalladium thatwewillpoliticalthe rights of slave owners in the Territories of theto the opinion that we shall be allowed to ge quietlyelection is held for President, and the person havli^; the highest number pf votes for Vice-Ptesinontshul be Vice President. But If there should hipp«u to be;a,whcmtheleaulultonaaadproceedingsoftheNelsonofTennessee,DonaofIndiana,Taylorofestnumbersattheirstelection,asi<nowpraeeriDedll. ,^I.ttootad la itaa yeartb* iMwraboMlu ttafByaut tbu Vblioa»P»lNa«Mithoiit ftoaat^thatabaan «aiBt«a««ir' K aagU to b« eerrectad wltblnaa<"i»W i>» taTsla naulateg sStatesaadint1ieyearbrottierbsodaadkindnesswblcb toanimateall trtre,"andthinktherewillbenoIStSlbe PieaWeiitabaUbe ohosen from one of tbeBon-slaveholdlng States, and so alternating the Presl-cent and Vice-Presicent every ft>ur years between ttieslavehulding and non slavettolding States during tbe continuance of the Government.thatwho live oDdefR- tflvrd, 8. That we cordially approve the surges-Sio. x And be Itretolved. That Article!,pertainingto itsproper; sulinti. n and of such remedies as Ut raid, IS icith us, and savs we have no co irse left to/urtkerfiey citizens rf Philadelphia that the proposid-ms made;tte Umsa in a peaceful and oooatltatlonal wayoughtprofess to support tbe Constitu-neiemainin tbe Union, and tlis foiiowinglieuPerHoiis qualified to vote f.>rpeacelowiiig words, viz.:me mhf rs of tbe most numerous bronco of tbe i>eglsiri-lo as to make the Utird LHCtion of said ^rt ture-," cie« h>n ratified by three- fiurths of the States, read aa fuilowB. to wit;• The -enate of the Ur led States shall be com-tby uch Convention ould tie receivcKl by the peoplerijoiceto see it brokenup.has nuck in-of two Senators from each Slate, chosen peisi ns who are qualified lo vjte fir tlie members of tt'e most nuaieious branch of Ine L.'gislature ; their term St all be lor six years, and eacn iSenator shod have orie vote."Sic. 4. And Oe it further resolwU, That Article 3,Seciion 1, be au-en<ied by strikiiig out the v^ords '•slightestlettingThe article as amended will read as fullows; AbticlxS—Seo.1.TheJuiicialpoweroftheUnite1 thebillVn'an,ifit con br donr.forij tl com'S to afi^'itu-lthtluStates sh^ll be vestfd in one SiipreYne Courl, and in such inferior Courts as Congress from time to time may ordain and eMabllsh. The Ju<'ge-, both of the Su-granting In Kantas.flag at one of the hotels was the motto,"Concession shaVfnd it much tauter to gtt in than to gtt wut of it.and that themay any given by establishment had cost. I refrain, said he, from no be held in the Ha' 1depend largelyment Her estimate of the chances to no small ex-to the chief actors—was paastng, great excite- which at time be the Secre- tion. The money with which it Is intended to com- Intel lor ;t prevailed among the outiile lobby and the vul- tary ;of the Treasury in one or more news- pensate the solicitors comes out of the^ people of investigation on the subject. I can only say to the people agait:.t violence, lest we have civil, devas- tent, are based on what to her aaiotint to .in assur-of their FiiiMOBB, in 1850. We know that in 1832 B, and wiU Uke ground against the rl jht of secei- If, however, the ordinance of secession be passed, curs In the first Senate amendment to the Loan OUI, him what he means when he he wants to into properly. (Applau.<e.] We mtist thus show o-irgjod the ttfect was to show to Sou h Carolinaiand call the l»reeident to accrtunt for mtwill insist it be submitted to the but had made anWe ma^t that she would be met Bt the very outset.,I tbe Constitution.eustaln- There wlli be as liiee an au.:-the conservatives I>eopie for ratification.amendment to the second amen 1-ment.Mr. Hciitbb, of Virjlnla, iDetn.,) moved to take itfueling by action,only by words.as there was to-day, who desire to hear h.ir.. Ba ramaiks wi J be mortty directed to Wiosall, Jrr- Xoaoa Davu and the Fretident.WWAU. inlshed his speech to-day, but made no ImfH SUlnn He had crowded galleries, drawn by thethat Wxns would speak. Du/iog liistbe North Senator Kixa smiled, whereupon 'WMTAU.tsnated him ia the most inolent and vii^lent UnionPrlviite accounts from Georgia state that the ccn-tervatives, under the lead of Sixphbhs, Jonssoir, Jbh-srsB and others, are in strong hopes of carrying a ma- Mr. HcriTBB said he would like to have the same investigated.withlheir rights, but evert thing to pro'ecl them; that we are their brothers, friends and fellow -.iliz'?ii*. Itaaaaer. The Senate has done no good to thewliich was ordered to be printed.Mr. Haas moved that when the Senate adjoum to-me in mode whatever ? That is what f want to anyknow. Mr.lution ought not to be acted on at this time, tbe ILofieunooubtedly the S. nth.well she that she will win the firat points. may,That )ea.ls her to dare more, for it is batlor her to conclude that if thel< gical FederalGovernmentaaoae t>day.lafaroutlou has just been received from Annapolis,•at Gov. Hicxs is determined to call the Maryiaol Iiaglalature together to consider Jte national crisis.WltaiyUBU and VirBiJ>i* fO irith Ae Sovtli, U ii cot-—Chablxb E. Lox, City Solicitor,would bo.—-»—heartilyin-ita'ie upon has published a letter strongly favoring cooperation. A message was received from tbe House. It con- sii.uQtion or inuendo with me. 1 det-ire t-i from interfering with Southeruers in the knowup. Agreed to.the members of the State Convention, and provisions apply to tne ten milUoas as to the threecan be div:dei. It at ie,ist, of one item of the cost In l8Ji the move-ofthat Lhe conctlistory tone of toe Republicans will do millions.uiciit prov cd 10 be one of wise iirecauiijn.jor'.iymuch to si engtii»n the Southern .-onservatlves.'SupremeA circulartiemlsis, acldre--s»d to thtlr crjnsUtuents, and is pri-as It can well be. Stnith Carolinavately preseiittrt tc Congressmen of that class for frigraiures.Not»ithstandiiiK the drni J -^ ihc contrary, thePresident did r.celve a week »nd explicit assurances that Soulhresltt the Federal authorities during ru, admlnlf tra- tlon.either indirectly or remotely, to reflect on succeer'ed In dirtctly,elecllngconsidered hostile to the institutions of ticable. At any rate,she convincesherself, assumed Ills remarks, Ulklng about Ueasun.kl r. WioPiU. opened by dwelling at some iengtt on tton oJ Jhe Btatei and Teiritorles Is 3l,00P,c>00, there- he first section of Uie fourth a.-tlcle of Ithe '-.'onstitu-House will postpone it.It was postponed till Tuesday. Adjourned UU Monday.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfor tbe President elect He spoke as a No.-th«m man a principle. The vote of Pennsylvania was not InAh near as can be ascertaintd, thT total popula-The Senate concurred In the House amenl.-nent. Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (D,m..) suti..'.tted a .'e-the last Miliiaryem- towards her, rebellion is prac-poitof Congress, Academy,by to inquire into the atlairs of ther,ue8ilun, bytvhic'. hiisjust lis candldvte for P.^esldent. isthe Joiut Committee, institutednie this whether hs remark he intends, hensiuns. The of t.-.cthereby, policyday—IKOERBOLL, JDOOB.WOODWAKD, ARD OTUSBS. cblons of tbe Supreme Court. He oely -spoke the"''*5f^'"whe floor of this Senate that befjre this nextweekoneoftheStateswillceasetobeanever tiie habitation of slaves.[Laughter, clapt>iagtives of the Uuitea States of America in Coiwress as-sembled, two thirds of both Bouses eoocurnng, thattbe following amendments to tbe Constitution of llieUnited States be proposed to the Legislatures of theseveral States, which, when ratified by tbe Legisla-tures uf three-foui ths of the States, shall be valid to will she resist the Federal troops, Fro-ii l?7Still 180i ol those bonds wblcb hold us together whetlier ol tiethe laws of the Government iiM been presentforcingacted upon, and not until her right to secede is deniedSouth Carolina was the sole possessor of all the soiland forts within her limits. In 180S, she ceded thetaforts without money and witbout price, to tbe Gov- claim our attaoiuueat to, and reverence for, the Con-to make out the the respective States iu the following mannercharges brought against Post- ^ i:.ach State shiil be divided hy the Legislature ernment of the United States, only on eonditiou that stitution of tbe United States, and our earnest and en- half a million of dollars for theaiaster of Bostcn last year, and abandoned the natter.Mr. TaoHAS did not enter upon tbe dutlee of his to-day. He goes on to-morrow, at ii M. Nothing done at the Treasury to-day.rangements to go on to the Convention.Great effort is being made to substitute three routes,instead of the pres^ent bill for two routes for Pacific Railroads. The meetings of the Committee bave been only informal.Toombs will arrive on Saturdiy, intending to make an excitable secession speech. 0. F. (}.DISPATCH TO TBK ASSOCIATED FRB98. Washisotoji, Thursday, Doc. IS.thereof into districts, equal in number to the wnoleand the during love for that great Union which it creates andshould becontiguous territory, and to contain, as near as maybe, an equal number of persons, entitled to be reore-seu ted under the Constitution, and to t>e laid off forthe first time imme liately after the ratification of thisamendment,' and afterwards at the session of theLegislature next ensuing the apportionment of the Union the purposes for which they were given ceases. patiiotism of our fathers framed, and under wbise meetings bave been more contwrvative than secession- Ktpiestntatives by tbe iJongrcss ul the United States; The lands and forts she ceded will be taken bank proviiiuiis we have become a great and happy people, i»m.It vll be no distionor or to tbe prosperous and renowned among the nations of the Ail, however, are In favor of resistance in some indignity earth. form.ingarrisoned by —al«v*wbNh Is not sestlonai butFederal Government. The Governinent had not protects national, and that greets our brother from whatever Sta'e ne United States, the said districts to be composed of money to repair her forts, and live citizens of South comes, as a partaker wttb ns lo that noblest of all in-number of Senators and to which Representatives,theykeptrepaireach State may be eiiUtied tu the Congress of theAFFAIRS IN GEORGIA. CnABiBSTorr, Thursday, Dee. IJ,tliat on the first Tharsoay iu August of the year IStil,and on tbe tame dky every fourth year thereafter, again.the citizens of each State, who possess the State. Should the forts resist they wiU be taken Retolved, 3. That we do, therefore, most deeply de-qualifications requisite for electors of the most numercue branches of the State Legis- latures shall meet within their dis-if it costs the life of every man iu that State. In plo e tbe fact that some of the States of thU Union HANGING BY A VIGILANTE COMMITTEarespective tricts and vote for a President and Vice-President ofsustain the laws of their State, although small in"which evade or defeat which tbe framers provisionsof the Constitution wisely inserted for tbe protectionthe United States and the ;numbers,quotation, Str.inger, tell tbe of valuable of citizens of oiher S ates and that rights ;the gieatestuumber of votes for President, and the one receiving the greatest number of votes for Vice-Presi- dent, iu each disti let, shall be holden to have re- ceived one vote, which fa^t shall be Immediately cer-person receivingspeaking of the Intention of South Carolinians to have plsced upon their Statute-books eaactmentsMbhphis, TentL, Thursday, Dec. 13. A letter from Friar's Point, Miss., says that tbe Vigilance Cominitlee have hung three carpenters for"Alamo bad none." Many of you don't seem to ap- preciate the feelings of the Southern people. Tbe question is simply, whether one sovereign S'ate shallpeoplePhiladelphia herebypillarsthe will shape it though she perishes amid the r uins Revolted, 5. That we recognize the obltgaclons ofThe Speaker appointed Mr. Hughes, of Mary-County, cf the latter State. Jfy object in aa ejUiriag wty name wor to enable me betttr to get at the true sen-a memberAffairs, in place of Mr. BoffBAJi, excused.land, iDein.,)of the Committee on Military(inicafn/iVeKi-yortlnrciailon to themovement going on among us. I hear many expres- sions of sympathy for us in this City, and in case of an attempt to coerce us, I Mitve me canIllinois, (Dem.,) asked leave to in- troduce a recolation expressing proper estimation ofta/elf relgwe willspeakof it as theof ourniilor of slaves as property, and as to the question of finally romes to tlJat I am inclined, however,cormtenance whoever may suggest even a sus-and ganization,man infunctions and the several Slates be held for tba purpose of con- advocates it in bis fuptr, the Tribune. BiSSiTt, of theupon aay portion;Uaian aa «f saoia value tfeaa the taapvaiy Krss(ps#, T. Tha_t a- tbe—de-n-oaoiat.ions of Slavery,enfoice every right growing out of its or-the country, lakes tkut gr<.wid s^juarAy, and;andtion of the American Unlon-oie of tbclr Abolition tiigh priest and pbilosopbcr, OazauT, who furnishes more AboUil-in gospel than aay otherThe aad read:leiies of resolutions wasBSeOLTTTIONS.presentedeomprisliigalargewealthyaad In-and united people, do retolveFirsf—With one voice and united hearts, we pro-heritances, tba iWeef a eMzen of the Unite<l States. itcsufiir^, X That the usefulness and the endurance <if the Union both depend upon a fai-Jifui observance, by the people of all tbe mates, of all the requirementshe made theLacedasmouians that we lie here iu ebelleace to their we pronounce all such acu to be violations of thelaws." In my State there ia an inscription, not less solenn compact by which we are made one freople, inciting the slaves to {rebellion. Other Northernerstouching. Upon *'tbe blood-stained stones of theand that we earnestly appeal to oar brethren of thosewere shipped. SUSPENSIONOFSOUTHEtlNLINE.BosTort, Dee. 11 Tnureiay,Alamo"thereisnowtobeseenwrittentaesewordsthe Senators in Congress from such State, and to the Tbermopylffi had her messengers of death, the pledge themselves to their brethren of the other Sti es,S ales instantlytxi all sueb enactments. repealofthat tbe statute nooks of Pennsylvania shall be care-Sttoe, obedience to its requirements.Mr. DoOLiTTU,of ^^^is, (Rep.) moved to aJjoiirn, tl e Act rf Congress of 16A0 oommonly known as the teted my name on the ' ' from whichand at 1.63 o'clock the SenateHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Fugitive Slave law, and submit cheerfully to its fiith-fui enforcement, and that we point with priJe andsaiiifaction lo the recent conviction aad puuishment. is in Alabama, and my present reside.-jje is Dale in this City of Philadelphia, of those who had brokenits provisions by ailing in the attempted rescue of aslave, as proof that Philadelphia is faithful in herobedience to the lawconjmtnd to tbe IjCgislatu/e ofourown State, the pas-rape of a law which shall give compeosati >a la caseof the rercne of a captured slave, by the county Inw hich such resime occurs, ureclsely as is now done byexisting law s in case of destruction of property by the upon muck niaterial aid from here, sjii eMpteiali^ violence of mobs.- fiom tin. IrisJi. ; luy hate the nagger at tkey da;and furthermoie, that we re-great secessioncherisldnga cordial, habitual, imoiovabie attachment to it, that Rttolred,S. That as to the question of tbe recog- tke detil, arid will fieht to susbjln uur rights, if itwrongthat it is a patriotle duty to stand by it as our hope In det m and that it is tlie firm conviction of tie us, out of respect to ourse.ves. but to cut of this de-uoulAMr. CcBar, of Alabama, (Dem., objected to the in- I'f our State in a fraternal and conciliatory spirit, and fuiHCe With a certain, clasa, a /id will, if it coinr.s to atroduction of the resolution tmlese it be referred to the Select Committee.all complninlonthepaitofourSoutliernbrethren,to Ji^ktMr. MoBBis bad not theli.e Garrisoniaii Abolitioiiists, of course, desire us to go, hoping liierehy to stir up in-urrection among the .-laves of the Sootti, but tl.eir numoer is so ia- finiif ssimal it is not worth taKii.2 int." acconntInfact, Iknowofoniy one maaof great influenceat the Nora', Itiet is di.sp.jsed to to coerce toe attemptSuiitu, aid rhatis W'jt. c. Uhvvvt, of the Evemns foir, and his lirculati'jn and influence Is not a tithe ol Ujat of GatiiEY's, who is, as I s.u i before, eat relyidea of burled in the ccffin of that Committee.it behoped motionultimatelyof Mr.House then took up the lYeasury Note bill as re-before Secession." Although the meeting was held It it comes to war. they expect U> free all our nig- By the provisions of the bill the Territory Is only in the when business is most active, the gers and turn them upon us. It is a stereotyped ex- against any attempt to interfere with the collection of preme and inferior Courts, ^Lali hold their offices to locate the line, reserving the disposal of the land to daytime, pit sEiun with them, thit it "It comes to a fight,it is the during the term of twelve years ; an.i shall, at stated the action of the Stale Government when It is for ned. gathering was as large as any ever assembled in In- end ol Siaveiy." Moleui attenipis will l^ mode to dependence-square, numbering tens of thousands. stir up iLSuirection smcng the slaves. And here I begThe .South Carolina Delegation are unanimousrevenue or the Federal in the imtll property State,times, leceive for their services a compeis-it'-m,wi'ich shad not be dlmim^.'led their continu- After a di bate, the bill was referred to the Commit-tu caution the South ubout briniiiag bick—Mayor Hkhbt said we meet to intelligently consider question Is disposed of—any mone runaway niggers,at with the General Gov- negotiationtmtil thiswhich threatens themonths after the ratification of this amend- mittee on Printing, presented letters showiag that Mr. of the Union, without any partisan or personal mo- Ikon their vatui —nay, we had better pay for them ameutbythrce-feurths of all the Sta'es, asprovilel by Fobd, the House printer, was absent, and that lite tives. This danger has been brought upon us most buncred times over.'Piesident ol the United Mtates witnin twelve Mr. Haikiiv, of New-York. (Dem,) from the Com-thelmminentdangerper|>£talty Jorl-kedanger theywillbring uponusis tin times mitreCap^gineer In charge, is merely carrying on the work whole number of Ju'tges as near as mar be practicable sub-contractors, Messrs. Emolibu and Larooxbb, de- rapidly. The Republic is sJll in its lafancy, yet long as 1 Intcnoed. Trusting that y-ju wtli excuse1 have already made this communication twice as into three clarses, Tne seats of the Judges of the cline executing the work, the House having at tbe we now meet on the grouni where tbe Declaration tlte liberty which I take in giving you my views, afterthe Coustit^ition of the Lulled States, to divide thefouitfa year from such ciassifica'ionclass at the expiration of the eUhth year, and of the ttii-d class at the exp'raiion of th./ twelfth year, so ttiatThe National Convention of Union Prayer Meet-ings was In session In this city, and passed a resolu- ore-third may be chosen everv fourtn year thereaftertion unanimously recommending all Union Prayer providing, however, th-Jt ail vacancies occ irking printer neglected to do the work.snd by the prompt efforts of the people c mthis Union tainment of our purpose in peace. I remain, youiundertbeprovisionsofthis tertionshallbefi.ledby Mr.Dem.,) saw no neces-integrity. He spoke plainly, if any sentiiuents have;of the second;Om OWNCOKUESPONOE.NCB.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.prayer, presen- Supreme equally tie t stanJ-i>otnt, ween the form his duties. publicdearth of .piiltuol things in the churches, and the slavtholding and non-slavehoUting States. Mr. Buakxt, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) expressed sur- iutd the m'spiaced appeals frona our pulpits lecture-present dangers which threaten the peace, happiness and prosT'Crity of our country.A message •as here received from the House that prise that tbe resolution was offered witliout first de- ro. ms, presses and against a section of our common it conctined in the act to amend the 1th sec'Jon of the claring the office vacant, when Mr. Haskin mast know country, must be frowned upon. [Immense applause.]The Reliefboth Houses ofsums as thewas that -was ^136,0C0lusiness. it was the rritiarkthe beadbill,passed byentitled to compensation, provided he can sh iw he Is piefiared to do the work. He wanted to know ho^r itbrought about this sad state of affairs.nish some of the worst fjn.jWicati*ns oi (his secessionof Public Printing to have theof the House done by contract, as the Ho.:&e be perpetuated. We meet to declare unshaken confi-dence In the Union, and a detenniaattOit to tlefend itsubedient servant, CHaRLEs C. SPblNCER.Superintendent ingprint-ofslavebolr.ldg States and the other half wi;n persons sity for passing the resolution. It is understood that teen proclaimed by any portion of the countryple to set apiLrt the first Monday in as aJanuary day chosen from the non siHvehcditing Stat*--s, so fiat the Mr. l-oun will be here by Saturday, prepared to per- against the other, fiey must be relin<:|uisheil. We IFFECT OP TH—E WEAK POLICY OF TUB ADMI-MS-IBATION THKSTATECO.NTE-VTION,KTC. Cbaeubto-v. Saturday, S. C, De% 8, IfM.The .'hufiiing, wcak-lti.ecd jtnlioy ol the Ailmin-Isltation Washlrpton has done not a littla lo fur- at|of humiliation and in view of the Court will be tlivided must re.'tore sentiment to the oldthat ill the absence of this Mr. Foan would be It has been these violent appeals that have doingfor Wsnuell'sm» nt as the puollc office, when he iMd beec tolj itthis officiousSo long as our social institutions do notcontra>-enetheunaiioiously sanctioned the contractTO.N,Ohio, (Rep.,) opposedf.rst received theapprovalof theSecretary of theHespoke stronglycheers. His kindquestion as to wliich side will triumph in the Conven- quarter millions. This is an attempt to open the ad- bers of Congress to un-'erstand each other clearly ple of G< orgia and the South. We must repeal those Soit:h rajolina,gatesor Southern Alabama, thus rendering doubtful the tion that the claims should not exceed three and a Mr. DcBKiirT- It is always wellrc'-eivedwithheartysentiments weeleven St-atef, to Ute forts in Charleston harbor. So didpaidestabllsh-repelintermeddlingofour neighbors.was less ofprice (iu,000 thaaUie tion, or Congress DelegatesgoMr. Hahki!*-have jou Investigate the Governinent Printing-office, as 1 trust you would le to have the De Groot contractMr. DiiKiTT (resolutely)-1 have cotldng to do withar y invrs Tlgatlon cunnocted with him or any oth'ruian. That is a question on which the gentleman t»n must Ct'risiiler calm'y tbe position of ttie 8.' -th, ani exercise his own wishes. But I want hitn to answer ask wiiether they may not bo justified in their appro-saysan InvfUlgatlcn o;' the De Groot cmtra?!?The move- mciit was an e.-u^nest of what the policy of the Government would be, and it went far to brinj Soutb Caroli'.ab-acklohersenses. Shegainedsomeidea,ago ihe most distinct day it be till Monday. Carried.Carolina will not The resolutions oa the State of the Union were Mr. UuRNKTT Very weil. Believing that this reso- that the acilon of this meetingtaken when Mr. WiarAti, of Texas, (Dem..) re- up,dorsed by the of those who cast their votes majority;point exposed if a fatalmistake,orUntitled Document1mean that I am as well sa'isfied to—llASBiN (after a short pa-jre) I did not. Sir.said he had no doubtwHesolvid, finally. That we appeal to our brethren of South Carolina, of Georgia, of .^la'c-aoia, of Missis-of Florida, and of such other St vtes as are con- ti'Vrlng the quesiion of seceding from the Union, with all the affectionate earnestness we can express, to forbear. That we remtnil them of the innuiuera'ile ties which bind us together as one people, and whicn srem to us so st'ong that no power short of that which paralyzes all memory and effaces all history,Hrruytjrf, rric.urairf i nltstny uts in S(.u>-York theyortk. WfcandfpindupunthiUwith an earnest to desireremovepr.jimds of justcan us separateuooMt cviivlction that there is no need uf anv iireparationthat ir the South say tney uiit scjt.i., by Convei-tion,andappointuis?,r..^-qij*rc,a^dtcin- pirate mtn touegoiiale wi h the^ei«e:trGovemment, that an arrangement can be effected witiitiut aay war, or ehedding a drop of bumau blood. I bedeve if we ditftand sicission, that the ^orth witl/jrce ute U'nxrn- V e-e frnntf d bv the wudo.oi. built by the toil, and de- n«r,r to accede to our request. However ra>Aeb dis- millions of tbij Treasury notes may be sold at a rate fended by the blood of a common ances'ry, andc.vn- posed we may be to defend our rights wiien <iefcacels:CoLCMBiA, S. C,The Senate has adopted a report appmpriaUngexlgeneies whicbsecession may create.like a blind of desperadoes. South Carolina Is the eral Convention of all the Sutes, lij«itaJ of trie se- Icadrr. The other States are bold and willing to fol-of He cautioned Inilependence.speech of Mr. Stepbsss, of Georgia, whose name wasand not•how the South that we will do nothing to interfereis folly to stippoie thismust te a Union in peace, or a Uniou in war.We have of the Federal Government 1' as nearly the oppositehds been cjujlusloa that,coaiitryJudge WoonwABb, of the Co ir', sal.l we uotlir.g of the sort now. On the co;iir-rv. the policyplatform^ariyimptKtant worse, is com- on Northern soil, in doing so they would not abandon mitted by her adversary in tbe very first move, she stands at least a fair chance of winning the game. IFoglUveobeyed. Wemay slightly moiilfied, but as U i^ KS—EPIKBKS OF MATOK RKX&T, BOH. I. B. It is tbe law of tbe land, and let us submit to tbe de-preferfor wartheir.4young menhosts ofthe political clubs of tbe successful Letlow just in proportion as South Carolina dares to^^ -.'m^^imolicitlyI.argc secession meetings were held, last nigfat,The line of steamers between Boston and Charleston will diecont:n<ie their trips (or the present.temptevenns,ifIrrepcasttMe dsc- peac»>aalangasThursday,Dec. 13.on tbe of the FeJeral Govern- policywill leave the first and mosttbey |we) 'are aaiiiii^rtiBSiiBi&m-^rn-- Ii T-..j-=^ 