 NEW£ EGWon-ArrivaloftheConnaught.be.aV.canHbloofself-governmentinaTerritoryasina ;State.Whoarethepeopleofa'Territbry;?'.*'Aretheywhowerebornin^ewbury^vis:Tneophilus^arsoosiI±*rancaisc.Thisis,inMrrt,whatIwas|abletolean*tOBUW»W. wJnd.glow* a t 121*4© »•»».? Nft^wTOimfoft^on with 'Montreal this evening. . -ITewslro^tt Ptfce's Peufc.ST. JOSK?H, 5k,o., Satqr^ayv Jary«21; 1860. The Pike's Peak Express Company s coach reached here last evening with the following summary of news:DMVEK CITY, Jnly i&, 1860.• This city was visited yes+e*dav by a severe thunder-storm. For one hour the rain fell in a perfect sheet, accompanied with hail; the streets were flooded with Vater, andqui»e alarge amountofjgood*storediu eenars was damaged by the cellars being flooded. So dense was the falling raiu that persons could not seebefore their emigration ? Is it true that the American \£&izjifai Illinois State Journal publishes tbe* corre- i ^TheMontgomery (Ala.) AdtfMit&kttttl*citizen losesthe right of self-government because he good authority" that the author of "Kutledge"»is passes from a State, to a Territory ? :\ :v:,-f spondedce between the Hen. Richard Yates and J'.C.vc*>»Wbe rocaija^ bis bedside. EfcW rwwHke*; ft that death w a s,.•-,•tor the paper forTHE CANVASS ^IN NORTH-EASTEEN N E W - TORK..klv aria bly broughtof the Revolution was fought for tne right of tbe peo- commodate thegentleman as to the technicalities, fixes .e-mancipationofSravesitt/St. CrcUxbyeveryme«n»in : • across tbe streets. Tbe Metropolitan Billiard Saloon the ringing of bells, the hnrrahs of ouman voices, and ple, in Cob nies or in Territories,as well as in States, nine appointments, \vhich certainly embrace all sec- of Washington, but is only a rumor—current in all his reach, and who, after the emancipation bad taken -!?»ted in both wis*,as bolted, and w i,rto union are —The State Oon%ofic- >at exeking eveTjild'^tf 1dekgttes on theijnloii to eleven strait ut %{;iatorn are di«*zirtted :a foilnetofcocestingPolltlci. Jorday, JolrJSf, ^60.so to the Hon.iLaaottj a' ehapeeehes we* m*oe'Bauka, and th* Hoff. large attendance. ..al JBfutton*r>veoof the Le'b*'hV*H run over lastasks no Congressional code for the protection of his property. H e takes his property iito the Territory, subject to the local laWs, and he depends upon the local laws for its protection. The Southern man stands npon the same footing. When the Southern man claims the right to go to the Territory with bis property, ho goes with the same right the Northern man does,ical, he is one of the p'Ofoundeet and most philosophi- cal and powerful thinkers of the age, and he always gives utterance to bis views in language remarkable for its clearness, its classical accuracy, and its elo- quence."—Arrangements have been made for a grand mass meeting of the Republicans of the State, at Springfield, on the 8th of August, the occasion of tbe re-assembling of the State Convention to nominate aLieutenant Gov- ernor. A Wigwam that will accommodate 25,000 people, is in preparation, and the folio *ir>g gentlemen are ai'noum cd a s speakers: Senator Trumbull, T o m Corwin, D . K. -Canter, Schuyler Colfax,, Edward Bates, Fiank Blair, Cai-1 Schurz, Richard Yates, Leon- ardSwett,andseveralothers.—A correspondent writes us that a candid examina- tion of ihe prospects in -Franklin-County,- Pennsylva-inabouttwomonths,andwillfinish,themarblebust during the coming Winter.—The fiftieth anniversary of the Rev. D r . Spring's settlement over the* Brick Church in New-York, will occur on the first Sabbath in August, on winch.occa- sion he ifl expected to preach bin anniversary sermon in the morning. This is his first and only pastoral charge. The N. Y. Observer.reports that his people intend on the succeeding Monday afternoon, the 6th of August, to present to their venerable pastor a memo- rial, with some addvesses suited to the occasion.foresail, burned staysail, and jib, and doink some dam- neighboring islands that could be of interest to the age to the deck. " T 'PoMtleii.people of the metropolis and the citizens of the UnitedStates, that I had nothing worthy of communicatingfor a long time. Business h?languid, if not dull—thetrade of St. Thomas comg down more and more sinceour old Spanish customers have found the way to New-York. The sugar produce of S t Croix sinks from yearto year from want of laborers—one plantation afteranother being turned out—so that in the course of a tate of decomposition. few years 0>ei9 will not be many sugar estates left onFATAT. CAMFHKNK ACCIDENT.—Mrs. Mbutina, siding at the corner of Eighty-sixth street and Tl avenue, who was burned about a week ago by the ^a plosionofafluid-lamp,diedlastevening.TheCor.-bns was notified.GBEAT FIRE AT DALLAS, TEX AS.—On tie 8*'hinstan1wrday, July 21, BW- stings for the aipoint- oral Conveotifo*tobe ,-as held last. ^ *.,J$j mV.j" •>, jlon-Arrival oftheIforth Briton.v• .:"•-,MifCm *i IPresidentFeltonbastwoassociatesinthe'College,|wheretheywouldbe"taTfelTInaooreoticniWo,aladied & * tfi C4 > **£i±y--vr''S'ave vessels, vou wo.n ^ baye,<,I>000 l«av« jour porta dom of the United States. The British Government ''thecase:. . /•• f, i Union—and a brunette belle of great and rare beauty. every year, who woulo«l»*etfee their traffic in compar-o f ooujpo«rtioathe booming of cannons,j To-night Franklin County to govern themselves and to regulate their own domes- tions of the State and which are put far enough ahead circles for the past two months. "They say" the place, was among the first to draw the indemniflcati^u»de. which final]/ *edasreporter.itpurchasedtha MaSmiththenext-£, a n d boththeae iof Congressional >taa*bury took bu*in**a of th# of the scarcity of Me*-<r8.GaleadebatesinCon-*speechesofJohn beginningofthe have never beeaMr. Randolph's[gpeech of Daniel layne.Mr.Galea's fcekrington," therhere he was bot^/; iperthere,which* faofdtoMnMont-in his family, buy and a weekly *b were merged intoRaleigh*N»C., IprT there.lt*-d at theUniver-' Eminent editorialIctry. Inthi8coniv |nd heart endearedad all otber men. ** his country seat,.Tuesday.ICE DfiFALCATTOy,. 2made in the place at New Orleans." n of the default, as >epartment, but *were found in the'IT.», July 22,1860. city that o u r mer» . u./W.annoying per- ianda India, eo mackvy be iote?po»»ed by*" mmaadtsT will risk trwlowers in those seas. p.* reaching to violent .1o scurred within the ays, >t.uJ other Dutch, iria^s were invoked *,rth»a'leg-d outrage*' 9g. and were set cvgp*- e*. Tue cases of the recent one of theeon of Capt. HoU known m tnis city. re Mr. Hiker, tho So~ *•- a oefirree of attsasw teaanthoritieaatBawextent of partieepm ,bat we ah >nW have a meatoftheHution shall beles&s to seed some of ai officers to that sta- slice. - -.W>>attoissueanintr sqairing,Hinoog ot>*ee tfcaipit,and not money, >«^^ag«a, and prohtbifc-at canceling postage <«•.:*#««tampaeffecta-- y. wJi be regardedas. enoval, and all P^SM very instance o f aoch tee. Instruction* are - i\ e recent provision of. to the writers ihorx»f, the office by thos* toifion ^leetii^. trday, JaljrSl. 1861. tu-seiLbttdherotoday .v of Kentucky sptak. optical gathering rrer u Extra trains *ere k greatest enthnaiam Jwa«headedbyegot m upon which wee aSpeeches werenade* 1 Usher.r.DoHglan.tuday, July 21,J86>. v^d ben? at 2 o'cock (redatthedepotfya who, with a ban» o f e United States H*tet,s. O n e hundred juntfIon Meeting. o«i<ty,July21,1J60. , u lixltf place, last tight,X* 'ttglaa'and Jocwoa. held at the««ui-ima. Hon. Edward Maahau d E . Church, an, tha isc greateat enthaiaaia the JDoogla« Club hadAt least 5,000 jsople.n«*atSt.I**!*. orday, July 21, 3J60.in iutmense •ntasaooeet'ijht, to ratify tbeimom- % *gwlanire and enntjff1*^i, and JadgeTittoboS, publican meeting tt JLarionj*tito3nt*»everywe*" .veei>ergedeallyo^nedgagements." Mr. Allen thereupon rushes into printdensbur'gh,arrivedinthe3.o'clockp.m.train;and govern'themselvesandtoregulatetheirownaffairsin withallihtolettersexcept-thelaston*,andthenruns withadamselresidinginRoyalOak,Michigan,and%because the Colonies would not acknowledge tbe pre- in conflict with hisown friends. Mr/ Alien;, who is a: use ber facile pen." , •posterous claim set up by the British Government, that genuine Bob Acres and " don't nubd being called'atheDeclarationofIndependencewasput.forthandthe coward,Sir,"repliedthatMr. Yates'sanswer,wasan —Therumorinregardtothe^oniJohnCochraue'sThe strangest feature firi^tbe wK0 '0 matter Is that4be . Commissioner—a Danish Cbaa>be».,|ahij»nd Counselor ofthe SupremeCourt ofthepank'hWefitthdialal-f"-y.Though winds do blow and water« flow, .And envious clouds may prlt on— • 11er sacred crown, no floods can drown,'.-* .FATIBXRPOIST,Jnly22—8a.m. IJStoriga*oftheNorthBritoninowduewithEnro- p ^ ^ news to the 12th inst. Weather clear; strong N.'CAPSCopTEL^ORAPHSTATION,gj '>;;HIGHLAND LIGHT. July22-^7iiji^m $W ^ribt.citizens from New-Tbfk and ' fivm every;..ether were quelled, but not^until several waves were severe- L^^b^itene rf°^s»orof I^andtheRev/Qeorgs aba ut tbe proposed trsati^ How do you like the plan t .S*at«*intbeUnion:? AndarenotthecitizensofNew- lywounded. IfLincolnbeelected,weshallnothave R;Noyes,D.D.T^eflBOr<>f Hebrewandlecturer jfitwerenewandoriginaly<>ttrNew-Englandandmiles. W m d Si1 No. appearance of the steamship *--''Tbb ]b?J^«tn,e» t*°m Quebec for Liverpool, passed Connaught^ now due at B >ston fxom Galway>cn:Bmiicsl'Literature.- > f% W£ ••'-.'/. v• ' _• make laws for their own government, as they were handd in every section of the sunny 8outh.'r-! "•'-'•"•";f j,PoaTLAHn,Jnly22—Evening.WeatherReport.;-;v.Theywere,toldthatthepeopleofaTerritoryhaveAlien—theformertheRepublican,thelattertheDoug-ii«'MissJBachelLyons,labelleJuvoti<AColumbia, Suchatreatym?*1*undoubtedlyincrease.tbefractiv-•was struck by lightning, sbatteTmar. one corner of the fcnDdmg, and stunning several persons, but seriously 'is inangurating the campaign^of 1860,A large del^ga*ion of " Wide Awakes" from Og-tic concerns.Now, if w e allow the people of the Territories to•to; accommodate all parti*-s on the score o f " prior en- marriage will take place next-November.for the slaves he had lost, • l / - • \ ©U This iswhatXcouldlearninabnrryr«»I wishedtoEALZIGH, July 22,1860. Gen. Lane was received at Shocco Springs on Fri- day by a large concourse of citizens, and the military ef Warren and* the surrounding counties. After re- viewing the troops he responded to an address from the Attorney-GeneraJ of the State. A salute w as fired,many a grand torchlight procession, add my testimonyCiHcistWATt, Saturday, July 21,1860.Notwithstanding the heavy rain storm the Bell and self heard by tbe vast assemblage belore him.—Five hundred Democrats of Vermont, representingevery county in the State; have signed a call for a noblesse of Europe, American girls are always the tinguisher as the neplus ultra of beauty, so strenuous will reach 9.7 digits. The last, annular,eclipse visibleJEverett meeting laat night was large and very enthusi- astic. Speeches were made by the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, the Hon. J . Seott Harrison, tbe Hon. J . H . Thompson, Oscar Moore, John W . Finnell, and others.A resolution was adopted for holding a State Conven-fromcottingdowntbepolesoffJheTelegraphCompany harmonyandperpetuityofourGovernment.an front of nis premises, the Superior Court of this There never had been a time when t&e Union wasState has diemissed- the petition with costs, on the soseriously threatened bj the evils Against which theFather of our Country, in his Farewell Address, cau- ground that the Company never obtained the defend- ti?ned his countrymen. W e are now threatened withant's permission to locate their poles in that part of the the organization of sectional, parties, boundedliy geo- highwaybelongingtohim,andwereconsequently graphicallines,andmenacingthepeaceand*harmonyof the whole country. The Republican party demands the possession, of the Federal Government, in order that the power may be wielded for the purpose of con-tionatChSlkothe,August16,forthepurposeof hissurpriseatthemagnificenceoftnisdemonstration nominating a State ticket. was great, and that it was not only grateful to his feel- ing, but flatterinc to his pride. He could not, however., TheAmericanTelegraphCompany. butfeelthatthisvastdemonstrationwasnotprompted by a desire to do honor- to an individual, but sprang Irom the popular feeling in Javor of the great princi- ple of telf-government which underlies all our free in-namesofB'eckinridgeandLane. .• ;-'—Carl Schurz addressed the German Republicans ofQuincy,Illinois,onthe17t,hiuetant. TbeCityBall,holding a thousand people, was crammed to suffoca-tion. An-outside meeting was held, and. was attendedby as many more. A correspondent writes that no frincess Matbilde. has given the entire remainder to hat in hand, he offered suit and service, as if their suchlocalpoliticalmeetingslkveeverbeforebeenheldNBW-HA VES, Conn-, Saturday, July 21, 1860. In the late ca*e of the American Telegraph Company—It is said that Prince Jerome Bonaparte, after : ladies whose hands were so eagerly sought after. There a reliable account of.the affair: i ,ttgainet John Buckingham of Fairfield, which w a s a napplication for an injunction restraining the defendant sritutioi.8, and which alone can insure the peace andleaving a fourth of bis property to his daughter, the they stood, atone and unprotected, in the broad gaze, settlina their affairs with each gallant cavalier as, with" Itstems, from themost reliable evidence we can gather, that some fifteen pereona appeared a t the bouse of a man by the ram* of Martin, about half a mile fromthehouseofWaffles,sometwohoursbeforeday4 light. They called for Doy to come out. T h e replj| W8S,'cometotbedoor,'whichwasopen. Theyrej peated the demand several times, and the same answer was made. They Jtoen eet fire to the house, evidently to drive him out, which bad the desired effect. I n b l ^ courseheranoverawood-pileandfell,theycalling out to *• take him alive,' but he escaped, ana several shots were fired a t him, but none taking effedt." .trespassers. ^ _ _in that place.^—A correspondent a t Rondout. writes us that, Ulster County is waling up to some purpose/ He says:The Lincoln a n d Hamlin Club of Rondout organ- izedundermostcheeringtokensforthecarnpnignin Ulster, on Friday evening. Washington H»U wanone, for Jerome, having become economical in his old age spent only five or six hundred thousand francs of an income amounting to fifteen hundred thousand, com- posing his civil list. Consequently, Prince Napoleon will inheritmanymillions,besideenjoyingthechiefofhis father's official emoluments. T o his son and grandsonnor did their voice falter, as, with diplomatic tact, they neither accepted uov reAtsed the various solicitations till their general tnise had been all under the eye of public admiration, for many doubtless thought that to lay aside the magnificent burnous o r tbe rich mantelet tilleachbaddoneitsproperexecutionwasunnecessa- rily io deprive themselves of an effective weapon. In. J>eath o f a Railroad Agent TOLEDO, Saturday, July 21, I860.crowded at an early hour, and when a strong delega- in Baltimore, it is said that nothing has been left by France, as is well known, the maternal supremacy is . The party afterward captured the WafhV»see, fatherA. M. Baker, General JLaw Agent for the Michigan trolling the domestic institutions of the various Terri- .Southern a n d Northern Indiana Kailroad, died a t tories of the United States. A Southern sectional partyAdrian this morning, from an attack of hemorrhage of the lungs.tion from Kingston marched down, there was a perfect crush. Tbe Committee appointed at a previous meei- ing reported a Constitution and officers, the report was adopted; andMaj. Thos. Cornell, President, on takingnever relaxed, and except in tbe dance the daughter and son. The former was shot and the hitter escaped. Jerome's testament. The grandson, desiring to be never quits her mother's side. There is more liberty Neither ofthe Waffleses were armed. Doy returned topresent in the l*8t moments of his relative, Was unable in England, but apparently much less than in America. Waffle's house after the murderers left, and the writering in for the Zouaves to visit Salem, Portland, and ether places further East,butit is.understood they -will take their departure from here on Monday, andjnake Philadelphia tbeir next stopping place.Apleasureboat,containingelevenpersons,wasrun Into by a schooner last night in the harbor, drowning two young women aged 16 and 17 years, and a youngansa. AllIrish. Namesnotyetascertained.milwaukee and Mississippi Railroad.MIOV A VKEZ, Saturday, July 21, lsbO. At a meeting of the Common Council of this city this afternoon, it was unanimouely resolved to ot pose the scheme to capitalize the indebtedness of the MilwaukeeandMississippiKailroad, unless the city inputonan equal footing with the other creditors for the full amount of the city bonds issued for the benefit of saidroad.t • , —Duel at Rloody Island. Mo.Sr. Louis Sa-urday, July 21,1860.A duel was fought ou Bloody Island, opposite thismestic institutions of the people, anywhere and every-where! [Loud applause.] He would have theFederal Government confined. within the narrowand ihe Kingston Wide-Awakes were escorted oa their, route homeward bytbe Rondout Club,partingwith vigorous cheers. There were at least .600 in the Hall, and a crowd outside. And though w e have hithertotho law'is to be called in to interpose a legal barrier Between the tw o partners in fife's joys and sorrows, who repciproeally acense each other of unfaithfulness. Atpresent,thehusbandappearstobethepartymost open to reproach. . •plimentedtheGovernorofMassachusetts: wbichsocriprledhimtliatbefell,andcouldJproceed "His Excellency the Governor, who has addressed no further. He lay there until after sunrise, when hecity, to-day, between Emmett McDonald and Sylvan to move into.the Territory with their horses and cafle, Carton. After twe shots with rifles, a t a distance of and that they are just as much entitled to the protection 150 feet, some compromise was'eflected. Neither party . of the law . The very proposition iteelf shows the •wasinjured. ignorancethatprevailsinrelationtotheBubjectoftheTh*»re wers thirteen fatal cases of Bun-atroke here protection of property in the Territories. When did .Yesterday, including Peter Gallagher, a notorious the Federal Government ever pass laws for the pro-have been conceived in a criminating spitit, wich a de- the model will;be'completed. Tlte Hartford Times ceedings of t h e L d a y 1 " ^ _ _ - _ _ _ _ _ termination to condemn all differences as errors—more, says it represents the Bishop in his robew, and apart.prizt-Jightcr. , • •The Steamer Pennsylvania.NORFOLK, Saturday, July 21, 1860. The steamer Pennsylvania is sunk in four fathoms of.water. Thetotallossis$40,000,uponwbichthereis noinsurance. Theenginemaypossiblybesaved. Four boxes of goods have been re«.overed.Supposed Mnrder and Suicide.SOMKKVILLK, P a , July 22, 1860.Mr. Lewis and wife were foond dead yesterday, nearChemung Eock. From marks upon her throat, it-is• the supposition that he first ehoked her to death, andtection of tbe oxen and horses of Northern men in theTerritories of the United S'atee? Congress had nevereven passed a criminal code for the Territ >ries. It wasi:s duty simply to organize a Territory, giving it aLegislature of its own, and leaving.that Legislature,.astberepreaenativeofthepeople,tomakealllawsrelatingtoliedomesticpolicyofthe•Territory,and blackguard. AlthoughaBlackRepublicanandaRad- for the protection of property.. The Northern manfr» m tbe likenesa, the characteristic expression of the INTERESTING venetable prelate is accurately preserved. A ll w h oFROM THE WESTthen cut his throat and arm wi'h a razor. Jealoosy iasupposed to be the cause. The parties were in good subject to tho local Jaw 6J the Territory, and lookingin the Fulton Ferry slip by the ferry master, and givento that local law for bis protcctin.The Dred Scott decision declares that slave.propertyJn tbeftrritories is the same as other property, and Stands on the same footing. If so, it is subject to local law, the same as Other property. Tnis outcry for sec- The fancy dry goods store of Y*rd, Gilhiore &. Co., tional laws in a Territory lor the protection of one des- criptions of property alone, evinces extraordinary igno- rance of tho whole policy of the Territorial government ofthocountry. • • . ' A_m •..':''• Ii we are willing to trust the people of the Territor-in charge of apoliceman, who conveyed it to tbe Second I Ward Station House, The body wasin an advancedICircumstances; had no family.Fires.PuiLAUKLHaiA, July 2 2 , 1860.this once .so wealthy and productive island. The im-•No. 40 North Ktreet, was burned this afternoon. Dam- age over $100,000.pending calamity of the island, and the steps Govern thetopit*ofmypresentcommunication.About a week ago a Commissioner of the Danish Government, who is possessed of five plantations on the Island of St. Croix, left here en route for Wash-LAWRXJICF.,Mass.,Saturday,July'21,i860.Martineau/iswellknownbyhis"Rationale ofReligious Inquiry," tome volumes of .sermons, and byvarious contributions to leadnig English reviews. H JA large wooden building, owned by M r. Hazleton,iestoprotecteveryotherspeciesofproperty, andtoreg- ulate every other relation in life in a Territory, w h ym connection with the Haverhill Loan Fund Aseocia-; . •' ,.v -A''i:.-. wiviif '^L'•-'•• ia r.r W- r i1 4i!.]«mwmmrn**i*mmmiw!mm*mmmmm**zm!s&vmvoCorrespondence ©f The N. Y; Tribune.. ..-:'•> ,Observed in his voice, when he. attempted to make him- He had never received the slightest intimation that,Vi 81-S£-f0»RDAlt¥ ^BlBWu^Jfijfpjsf tr,f •**£ .a SKif^SC*Breckinridge and Lane State, Convention.anv demonstration would be made on his arrival here; —The St. Albans (Vt.) Democrat, an original Doug-daughters ot tradesmen, whom they regard as par- venus. The crowns of Countess and Duchess, which these young women buy so dear, are for them onlyand he had expected to be permitted {p retire quietly to his rest, and to receive the visits of a few of his friends in tbe morning.. He felt.compelled to say thatlas, paper, after keeping that, name at the head of itscolumns till last week, took it down, and put'up the crowns of thorns. Let them, then, remain in the circlethe fashionable hats on the head, and you have the;.«I••dembuds possession of the Federal Government for asimilar purpote; each proposing to wield the power in the chair, made some spirited and vigorous remarks a manner adverse to the opposite section. T n e Repub- which were warmly received. . T h e Hon. W . S..Ken- lican part> demands that tbe Federal Government yon, M. C., our own representative, first addressed theto accomplish the wish, but by an order of the Empe- —The pride of Boston in its institutions is well illus- ror, a place was reserved for him in the family pew a t trated by this paragraph from The Transcript of that the Invalided. Will there be, say the quidnuncs, a city: .' . " - ' •says:" About 12 o'clock Friday night, a company of men,supposed to be "about 20, .appeared before the house, and Doy fired upon them and wounded several of tbem. A general fire was th«n commenced atibim and". j»Arrival o f t h e Zouaves a t Boston. shall use the power to prohibit Slavery in the Terri- assembly in some off-band remarks particularly apt contest between the American and the French Bona-" T h e Governor's Aids have attracted much atten-tion the past two days by their tasteful and appropriateBOSTON, Saturday,.July 21,1860. tories, when the people of those Territories want Slav- for the occasion and locality, and then introduced his partes for the succession of the crown of France? -TheZouavesarrivedatabout7o'clock,andwere ery. TieSouthernsectionalpartydemandsthatthe friend,theHon.CharlesL.Beale,M.C,fromtheuniform,andthequietdignitywithwhichtheirduties intothehonse,someoftheballsbarelymisriogfemale^received by the First company of the Secono battalion Fedeial Government shall use the power to prohibit Colombia and Dutchess District, to the meeting, who—Another scandal threatens the Imperial family of Were discharged. The Commander-in-Chief has great France, according to the Independence Beige. The reason to be proud of his Aids."BaTon de Chassiron, desiring an amicable separation —In the course of his remarks at the Cambridge din-members of the family, and ooe Sharp's riHQ ball glaz- ing the leg of another son of Waffles. The fmmr was too warm for Doy, and he jumped out of a .window and ran for tbe prairie, and in tbe conflict be received aOwing to the rain this afternoon, the drill of tbe Zou- Savery in the Territories, when the people of thenisde a most capital speech, marking in lines of light the grand issues involved in the coming contest, ancTdelio- eath g with a vigorous hand the evils inevitable to aAdmioistraticn. Themeetingadjournedatll'lp.m., hasnotbeenabletoeffectthis;therefore,the-aidofaves was postponed until Mondav morning, when it •will take place on the Common. They are the guests -of the Second Battalion, and occopy the armory of thebattalionastbeirheadquarters. Invitationsarepour- interventionby.tieFedeialGovernmentwiththedo-Ten itories do not went it.A Voice-—Well, tell us what you say yourself 1 •Judge Douglas would tell them what he said. Non- perpetuation of the misrule of the so-styled Democraticfrom his wife, the eldest daaghter of Prince Murat,. ner tbe other day,.the Hon. Edward Everett thus com- aliprht wound on bis body, and a severe one in his leg,limits pr*scribed by the Constitution of the UnitedStates. TheFederalGovernmentwascreatedonly 1adalargeDemocraticvotetocontendagainsthere,uswithsomuchpowerandfeeling,alluded,inpathetic wasdi>patchedbyafatalwoundinhishead,andwhen terms, to the emotions with which he had, in bis youth, we saw him his nerves bad not cea*edto tremble., W e listened to the cheerful strains which, on public occa- turned away from the scene with mingled emotions of sions,weresometimesheardfromtheacademicshades, pityandofhorror,atsuchafate."for spedal purposes, and its powers were properly restricted a n d enumerated b y the Constitution. T h e questionofSlaveryandofthedomesticinstitutionsof the people was not one of ibe powers delegated to the Fedeial Govertment by the Sovereign States. Sup- pose i t should b e admitted that the. Federal Govern- ment should lake the power over the institution of. Slavery, then we should have a Northern party insist- ing that, the whole force of the Federal Government should be used against Slavt-ry. aud'a Southern party" insisting that,the whole force of the Federal Govern- ment should be used for Slavery, and this would at once create an irrepressible conflict that would be incompatible' with the peace and harmony of the Union. '•, It was held that the Southern people have the same right to move into tbe Territories of the United States with ihe:r slave property as the Northern people haveand bis regret that it had not fallen to his lot to join the joyouscircle. Icouldnotlisten to thosetouchingre-i tion, and occtrnicd by several Irwh families, was near-ly destroyed Dy fire this morning. A woman and are wc not willing to give them the same power in re- nia, shows that it will give more than 800 majority forholds tho place of Professor of Moral and Metaphysi- ingtonr with a special mission to the United States Gov- there was a fire at Dallas, Texas, which destroyedjthild were burned to death, and two firemen badly in- gard to Slavery 1 We allow the Legislature of a Ter- Lincoln. This estimate is based on a knowledge of huted by the falling of a chimney. ritory to make laws in regard to the relation of hUs- the numbers who have changed from bogus Democracy ' " PHILADELPHIA, Saturday, July 21, 1860. bandand wife, of parent and child, of guardian and to Republicanism. Equally promising predictions come", For ten days past, serious fires have been raging hi ward. Why not, then, allow them to make laws in re- from othor parts of the State.cal Philosophy in the London University.ernment. Tbe object of this mission is to make a treatywhole western portion of the'town. T h e tctal loss estimated vajriously a t from three to five I o/odrod th< sand dollars, on which there is n o t t o *xr#Q& $10 ( insurance. Tbe whole number of buildri^ destroyfl is thirty-two or tbirW-three. comprising the best butthe pine forests of New-Jersey, on tbe line of the Cam- den and Atlantic Road, between Weymouth and Egg -Harbor. Many square miles of timber are burned, with several dwellings. Four fixes are now burning. The most serious one is ten miles south-weat ol Wey- mouth. I t originated from the sparks of a locomotive."&<*.<«.gard to the relation of master and eervant ? Is there anything more sacred iu that relation than in any other life ? Was it to be supposed that tho poeple of a Ter- ritory would not make such lawa as woidd beet pro- mote their own interests? .•-... ,He could see uo reason why tho people should notm—The Southern (Va.) Argus has the' following:" Tfie Memphis Enquirer, of the 8th inst., says: Private advices received in this city a day or two since state that an insurrection had broken out in thewith, the United States executive power for the pur —Mr. Felton is the twentieth President of the poseofgettinganewstockof—(freeor slave?)—labor- University at Cambridge, and the second native of ers for the canedields of St, Croix. The CommissionerNewbury whohasfilledthat etation. Dr. Webber, is to propose to your Government a treaty by which the latter, in order to save a large portion of the ex-*»'Weather clear, and observation extends thirty-five York State who go to theTerritories, as competent to rumors of insurrection, but w e shall S$e its bloody ;j<fe^.yoTk:^^er^m^t^^i^&^rM a good idea ofa cunnfea' bead* and might base upon it a new plan of "from operation*. 7& not *o profitable aa direct impor»ati«xa tointo St. Crbii Tender tbewlors of tbe'United Stat-s.ST. JonBf*<», N . .F., July 21. , such: rights $s Congress has specially delegated to las Democratic candidate for Governor. The Chicago?.i South Carolina. Mi<t8Lyons is one of the most accom- ity; they would IK"*^ *>*Pdnd 9 M * &<$ amount ofWeather,weather or. Agreat rafci «t*rm;theUBOmeter 6€°. At Cape JEtaofl, them, and no more. That was the very doctrine thatpalm, «^,at<htokyfog:- iasa .>y.,.u^C£ >.'>%.• «."v '-" brought on the Revolution which resulted in ihe free- Press and Tribune gives the following statement of,Jplished yoTJng ladies m the South—and, perhapf, m the money,for its pro*.•»<*&»* and, io**ead of jkbout, $00INTELLIGENCE,"Mr. Allen challenged Mr. Yates to joint discussion. She is the friend of Miss 'Beulah' Evans, to whom ative security under thi^ Provisions^ of ~fhe ^posed Crown delegated to them, and no more. The Colonies Mr. Yates accepted the challenge and proposed to name; ^rh^D0^0^^^ the author'of'Rutledge/ and w e treatv. Tf even captured.'' they^would easily find wavs repliedtbat they did hot receive their rights from the tin.es and places as soon as he should be able to ascer- j-toga'in the pricefor the "aj^pwotices^'and the whole Crown, but fjom God Almighty, and that they in- tain from fisvarious invitations at home, forty miks take it that ere long Miss Lyons will have achieved |,activity.of your navy in tbSr.r*ePecfc would prove a bigtend to mainiain and defend those rights. And it was distant, when be'could do so without bringing himself high rank in the Eferary world, should she continue to. hnmbug. . | EfflflM*told, us that the Ci lonies h a d jnst so much right as theMALONE,July19,I860—Midnight.Even as I write, the midnight airis resounding with battle^ of the Revolution were fought. Thas, the w ar evasion of his proposition. Mr. Yates, in order to.ac- marriage applies to a daughter of Sbelby Parker, esq., ands—h the very same person who oncOsd^ecated^Sbe^SvelhaveenjoyedfineshoweTaeveryafternoonfora•Week, much to the joy of our gardeners.-Atargebuildingwithabrickfront,inprocessoferectiononBtekestreet,f*llinduringthestorm,owing factthatahextra-trainisaboutstartingatthishoaxto South.theEastandtheWest,andthisUnioncanlast ,-slobnSavageofWashingtonhaswrittenalong countenanceofthefather,elopedwithher,making ishere,keptassecretaspossible;butthesehints,astothewahsbeingundermined^^bytheflood.A. shooting aflray occurred i n W est Denver, a t Cibola Hall, yesterday afternoon. A man by the name of Harrison shot a mulatto named Stark, for applyingtakethem,horned'',:.'•;•;.';."' '/ ///.." foreverontbesameprinciplesasthoseonwhichitwas lettertotheHon.HenryA*Wise,expostulatingwith hiswaytoDetroit,andtakingpassageonasteamboat, scantyastBeyare,willbeenoughforybutomakeaccordance'with the Constitution of the United States, awn) from Springfield without replying to Mr. Yates's tbesoundofthelocomotivewhistleannouncedthe.wesht'llhaveharmonybetweentheNorthandthe lastno*e!Doesnotthisaffaircarryitsowncomment."..findingsomedifficulty^in,obtaining^t^give you early notice of the, matter in question, t hope i t will sufllce to have your WaBhington- c^rrespx*deui« on the alert I can now only hint at the thing, iwhiebSince 3 o'clock the village has been alive with its originally founded. H e would ask why th«* time.ofCongressebonld.beforeveroccupiedinthediscussion •him,andentreatinghimtopauseandreflectbeforehefor his future home.1 Just as the b >at was about jbo •"something of them. , : Wi t start,theinfuriated*fatherrushedonboardandpro- •- '•—^—. ''I•in—-.,.:;:-; *$$$•own population' and visitors, ,and the earnestness and agitation of .this question of Slavery? Why,jf goes quit* over to Breckinridge. ; ~ to him insulting epithet*. Stark's wounds are not evinced so early in the season seems indicative of the one of the citizens betore him had an honest demandceeded to threaten the abductor of hisdaughter with aTns RECEWT Ectipsr.—Ms. Caleb §. HalloweH,fatal. Harrison a course in shooting Stark is generally justified. ' . . ' ' *most happy results is November. against the Government, and should ask his representa- —Tbe Bon. Garrett Davis, in aletterto George D . caning. Blinded by his passion, he did not remark of the Alexandria High School, says The Washingtontive on his return bornewhy that .claim-bad not'been Prentice, excusing himself from attending a Bell ratifi-- that the plank bad been hauled ashore, and he wa< Intelligencer, observed the recent ocBpse wlti^uwaa*Earlyinthe^veningtherewerespeechesfrom passed,the.answerwouldbetherehadnotbeentime- cationmeetii;ginLouisvilie,hasthefoliowingfour-faccordinglycarriedoff*,thuspresentingtheunique muchsuperiortothosepossessedbythegreatmajorityThe advance division of the United States troops•from Camp Fl«yd, on their way to Arizona, undercommandofCoi.Morrison,passedthroughherethismorning. Thereardivisionisexpectedto-morrow.All are in excellent health-;Therearereportedgolddiscoveriesofmarvelousrichness fromth*westslooeoftheEooge,onehun- with"DouglasandJohnson.'*. Bytheway,there therewasnotime—theSlaveryquestionhasoccupied andyetafinebooncompanion."Messrs. Wheeler and Hobbs of this county, and James tie whole Besdon had been occupied with the discussion line personalsketch of the Democratic candidate;: of spectators—not to say observers—who notice^ these ofOgdensburgh. Thefirst-namedgentlemenpaid oftheSlaveryquestion.' "Mr.Breckinridgeisage.nilemanofgoodtalents, spectacleofafamilyelopement.ItisunderstoodthattheirparticularrespectstoMr.Douglas'sfriandti— WhenthepeopleofCaliforniainquirewhythePa- offinemanners,andofeasyandgracefulelocution. thefatherwasinducedtogiveawayhischildwitha phenomena. Thefollbwihgreport,madebyBJfr.Hal- incited to do sor perhaps, by the broad banner flung cific Railroad project has not been pushed forward, and His habits are indolent, and his attainments and- good grace, in consideration of which he was paid his rlowell to The Alexandria Gazette, will beread wifttacrosstheprincipalstreetthisafternoon,inscribed whymailrouteshavenot•beenlaidout,thereplyis,thoughtssuperficial.Heiscool,cautious,andselfish,'returnpassagemoneybytheson-in-law.:interest,asbeingthefirstaccountthathasmetoareye oftbepeculiaritiesoftbis.echpsewhenseeiortiirpngba:telescopeofrespectablepower:" At tbe commencement of the eclipee the thermom-dredmilesfromtheCaliforniaguWi.Lumpsaresaid wasaalightincidentconnectedwithunfurlingthat itall.WhentbepeopleofPennsylvaniaaskwhyno to have beenfoundofthesizeofahen'segg. The flag,possiblyemblematical. Asitwasstretchedacross revisionofthetariff hasbeenmade—whytheirinter- wport needs confirmation; the Btreet, it became. entangled in a puzzling. $nwl, ests have not been protected—their representatives ex- v There is considerable excitement existing here iu which required more than an hour's patient labor to cuse themselves by pleading want of time. • And so in regard to tbe United States mail .for this place. T h e—AmongtheobjectionsurgedagainstGen.Lane,the—Thelatestarrivalbroughtnewsofthedeathof Mr. George E. Kuhnhard, a merchant of this city, and<-.ejiunravel.Messrs. Wheeler and Nobbs treated the " Little Gi-regard to every material interest of the country, which is cast aside because the time of Congress is taken up wifh the discussion of thisquestion of Slavery. NowFirst—He spells God with a little g.Second —He spells barracks, bar-rax.Third—He spells dirt with two t's;,. .•' <;curred in Germany. .'V • •greatest obscmation it marked 729; and at the close it indicated a temperature of 78°. Gunpowder* placed in the focuB of a large lens, was found, on an average of numerous trials, to flash in 3£ seconds dufjng the time of greatest obscuration, and to require but 2 |letting is considered to be- the same as a failur-, and ameeting is called to adopt measures for relief. . ThelettingtoBrace&Co.isconsideredadodgeofthe ant"withoutglovev,theformerespecially,following willitnotbewisetoexcludethatquestionofSlavery,: '. ,:—The Quebec Vindicatorthe press in that- city propose to; entertain Lord Duf-ferin, son of the granddaughter of Richard BrinsleySheridan, and author of the " Sketches of High Lati- seconds at the end of th« eclipse.JSxpreesCompanytoretainthemailintheirhands, therecordandcondemninghim"outofhisown foreverfromCongress,andtoleavethepeoplefreetomouth." Mr. James was very happy in many of his but whether the conjecture is true, remains to be seen. points, and elicited deafening applause.Fourth—When in Mexico, he dated a letter "."Very-Croose." ..•..•..'• •?.-,..> ,• Fifth and last—He can't keep a hotel. —Mr.Sewardhaswrittenthefollowingletter,inre-ClayandtheimmortalWebsterin1850. [L->udap- donia,N.Y.,thathewouldaddressthemduringthe'at tbe moment of greatest obscuration. "r j",During the observations as many as seven groupsof spots upon, the sun's surface were seen and ex-At an auction sale yesterday of Denver .City lots and lots in Perkinpon'a addition, prices ranged from $3 to $50perlot. Alloatlotssoldhigh.One thii-g surprised me. There was no notice, or ifany, so slight it escaped m y notice, of the "Uniondecide it for themselves ? [Shouts of ''Yes!" •' Yes!" and loud applause.] That Was the principle "estab- lished by the Compromise measures of 1850. That was tbeprinciplethatwasearnedintoeffectbythegreat"Owing to the prevailing mi«t; the peculiar effect df tudes,'duringhisapproachingvisittoCanada, The thesun'slightupontheintersticesof.theleavesof plytoarequestfromanumberofther^dfcntsofFre- author,eomestotheSt.Lawrenceonayachtingcruise, treeswasfarlessnoticablethanisusual,insolarmen,"whoprofesstofollowthebanuerofBelland Businessisdull. Moneyistighter,ifpossible,than Everett,ofwhich,IammuchmistakenifthereisnotincompanywiththeconvoyofthePrinceofWales. eclipses. Thiseffect,however,wasreadilyshown,on. a limited scale, by crossing the fiingors of one-handever before.There is n o news of interest from the Arkansas,Blue, Torryall, or Gregory mines.Accident t o t h e Oyerland Mail • Coach.VAN BrnKN, Ark., Saturday, July 21,1860.•" Intelligence has reached here this evenmsr that the Overland Mail coach, coming east from California, met with a eerioua accident at the mountain pass of the Choctaw nation. The team ran away, Killing one per- son, seriously injuring several others a n d completely 'wrecking the coach.. The mail, in consequence of the accident, will be delayed some thirty hours beyond its naual time.quite a sirong sympathy in the town. Very possibly plause.] That was the principle established in thepresent campaign:?y ' > ;AVBVRV,;,,-;; '•\-.•.-•> Thuriday, Jnly 33,1860.the speakers classed them with their, ultimate affinity, the Douglas ticker. - .Whig platform of 1852, and in the Democratic platformof the same year. That is the principle to which theDemocratic party now stands, pledged, and the onlyGUM!%*»*»: Mr. McKimtry, who delivered your kind letter to me, will give you my reply more largely than I c*n conveni- ently find time to write i c While the people of Chautanqna m m—A Paris correspondent has the following concorn- ing the funeral of Prince Jerome;" The mixture of civic bodies, and, above all, of theover those of the other, to form six or eight small openings, like the meshes of a net: then permitting the light to pass through, and receiving it upon a screen at about two yards distant. A common buming-In assisting in the preliminaries to the obsequies ofthe late Democratic party, it seems to me that- a well- knownfactinnaturalhistoryistoowonttobefor-gotten. The majority of beasts, birds, and reptiles country. [Cheers.] require only decapitating to produce death, but cuta snake's head oft*and both ends will wiggle a longwhile.That fact will classify any unknown reptile with its kind.The demonstration this evening closed with a torch- light procession by the Wide Awakes of this village, assisted by the^Wide Awakes from Ogdensburgh, each club accompanied by a band of music. .when I may hope to have the pleasure of xneedme •senring y o u h o w sincerely gritemi I a m for the .kindness 1 feave received—now extending through a period oftwenty-five years. FnitMully, &c,... •WILLIAM H . SEW ARD.O. Stilei, S. M. ei»meut, C. F . Matteson, W. McKinatry, H . C. Frisboe, and others.but from Paris, was not guilty of the brutalities whicha Berlin correspondent charged upon him. But whilethe honor, both of sister and brother, comes untouchedout of this, painful affair, t h e occurrence suggests alesHon for the young republican damsels of the UnitedStates who are tormented with a desire to ally tnem-selves wich titled husbands. That which caused Countkin; and for the first time in many years this young prince must have sen^bly felt that thehesarta of the people were,with^him.. H is profile is a fine one, and fas long black mantle concealed the somewhat un- wieldyproportionsof hisgeneral outline;hisappear- ance was really prepossessing. H e seemed unaffect- edly depressed, and perhaps was inwardly reflecting on the vanity of all human greatness; for 'to this com- plexion must.we come a t hist.' "*—The Paris correspondent of The jV. T . Herald fur- nishes some gossip and a trifle of philosophy in a letter concerning the fetechqmpCtre inhonor of the Fourth of July at Paiis: . '-' ' ,and one peculiarly fine. Indeed, thia last is scarcely inferior either in aiae or varied beauty to any spot that has fallen under our observation here for many years. It was covered by tbe moon during the progress of tile eclipse..."'- •.':•••,...• .... -..••.''",,'••:'^ "z••:•"\.m-f.*>", \" I n close proximity to the moon and just before she : passed off tho sun's disc, three fine facvXa displayed themselves close to his concave edge, and parallel with it, and with each other. These facnlse or streaks a r e ,in some respects, as interesting as the spotsthemselves, beiEg believed to be gigantic waves traversing the sur- face of tbe sun- - ;. .• :" A total eclipse o f the sun occurring ona-clear d a y must be without doubt the most impresrive spectacle that can be presented tothe human eye; and among « those who have had the rare fortune to witness this phe-Residents assure me there was never anything like it Gen. Lane In North Carolina. ' on so grand a scale here before. I, who have seenPERSONAL.—^The Pari8.correspondent of the Cmrrierthat it was well dote.To close, let me add one word of caution:. There are.des Etats Unis, referring to the recent duel between an Ameri- can gentleman and the Count Henefeel de Donersmark, .of which some mention has already been made, writes as follows: "People are talking much of the duel whichtookplaceatCologne,andaregreatlypleased withtheauthenticinformationwhichshowstnatMiss Willing did not follow the Count into Silesia, and that her brother, who went to the duel n o t from Americamany Bell and Everett men here—quiet aa mice,He renewed his thanks for the magnificent reception leaders, perhaps, who see the' ead, but who hold in extended to him, one that had indeed surprised and and there was' a grand entertainment. His presence abeyance a very respectable vote; which may be delighted him, and would now take his leave by wish-" T i e toilets'of the ladies were perfect, white a n dlilacbeingsopredominatingasalmosttobegeneral. nomenonwefindeventhemostintelligenthavecon-in his native State creates great enthusiasm. He visited transferred to" the Douglas ticket in the Fall. I t is ing his friends good night. thiacityandKit<rell8Springsyesterday. onlynecessaryto.add,ourveryexcellentfriendsofTheN.Y.Express havepurredintheirsmoothed'vnotes to I>emoeratIc County Convention. section.SCHENXCTADT, Satnrday, July 21,1860. The National Democratic County Convention metsomestronga n dinfluential .element ,ia this ELLAH BELL.—The Constitution, savs there will be no electoral ticket for Douglas and Johnson in North Carolina.fessedtoacertainfeelingofaweduring"theperiodOf entire darkness. T h e present eclipse was total in the northern parts of America, in Spain, and in the north of Africa. Tbere will be one next year visible only istMR. DOUGLAS A T ALBANY.to day atthe Eagle Hotel. Tt was largely attended, Mr. Douglas, on his reception a t Albany on Fridaythe most distingue' of whom was Miss Preston. To a gentleman's e y e , t h e steel panoply which supported that violet cloak and robe was som«tbhJfi' too intrusive, but youth,and beauty are such triumphant attributes that they hid defiance to any vrhim of fashion. When,"Tbe last total eclipse of the century will occur.May 28,1900. This eclipse was projected and registered in our book^ in tho year 1848 by John J . Clarkej then of Richmond, Virginia; it will he nearly total in Alexan- dria. The next fine eclipse of tho sun visible here will occur in I860; it was calculated and beautifully pro-;The nomination of Breckinridge w a s ratified withgreat enthupiasm. James S. Woodrnff VTK elected del evening, spoke'substantially as follows:egate,and P . Loveridge, editor of the Daily New», He said, this day had been to him a series of sur-alternate, to the Syracn*e State Convention, to be held prises. At every railroad, station from Boston to the—Gov. Hunt's Albany speech w a s heard b y from 300 to 350 persons, mainly members of the Douglas Clubs of that city.August 7th. .The Douglas m en tried in vain to get it Bnder bogus ward certificates.Bell and Everett Meeting.—The Hon. Wm. P . Avery of Tennee'ee has writ- ten to The Memphis Avalanclw. a long letter in defense"oh, when, however, will the fairest portion of creationbe more content with nature's own ideal? Why shall jected during the present year by student Edward J .• ••.• -'capital of the Empire State, he had been unexpectedlyreceived by laTge numbers of bis fellow-citizens, giv-ing him a greeting of which any man might feel proud.The extent to which he had been compelled to ac- of his position as a supporter of Breckinridge. .' knowledge these gratifying demonstrations, mignt be;/principle upon which the friends of the Union and theclericalelement, gave the spectacle a unique character.TheappearanceofPrinceNapoleon,as,amidthatgor- glass,also,gaveabrightrepresentationoftheeolipoeConstitutioncannowrallytoput.downbothNorthern tomeaboutaamar•*iftbeyweremykiudrod andIshoaldand Southern sectionalisma n drestorepeaceto ther»*joice, therefor*, in an opportunity of meeting tnem all faoo to face, the distant enasgem^nts 1 have already made, are of such e>tei.t that I cannct promise myself tbe pleasure of an appointed meeting at Predouia. I t shah b« my duty to arrange my -rhrit ingeous array of brass and steel and snorting Bfceeds, h e , with bare head and sable cloak, followed the ricbly- ornamented bier of his father, w a s very affecting—itHe feared he had been led!into remarks upon sub- jects that, might be deemed political. He did not intend this year to enter ioto any discussions of a p »litical or party character, but be had supposed that his friends who had thus honored him had expected him to makesome few remarks on the great topics of interest at the' present time, and he had never yet learned how to. conceal an opinion whenever it was desired by his friencs. [Loud applause.] Hence, he w as in the babit of expre&ping his opinion in plain langusgnthat could not well b e misunderstood, and ye*, he hoped in such a manner as to render it impossible that he could give offense, even to those who chanced to be his po- litical opponents. . '-Ui« "We»tern Statea, if possible, ao as to;be able 'to make a call in was a touch of nature that makes the whole world amined by the tel-scope, of which'three were bargeThe North Carolina Standard h a s abandoned and hoisted the flag of Breckinridge and Lane.them,wheretheirmothersmoved,andletthembecontent with being' the best daughters in the world;' this tide isworthallothers."tive on.the scoreyOl temperature. Iroreigners seemed Lmn County. Kansas. The Leavenworth THspatch (a struckwiththeirdependenceofthevanons beautiful Pro-Slaveryjournal!ofthe14thpresentswhatittermsPrinceNapoleon. Thisbequestisaveryconsiderable motherswere-inheaven. Theircheeksneverblanchedtbere is a.strong indication of a reflux of the tide. A.heavy Republican vote will be polled among our citi-zensofGermanbh-thandextraction,whoforuianim- -,—AttherecentdinneroftheAlumniofHarvard, marks,andreflectontheefficientserviceswhichhehas poitaitt portion of our,people, and a r e rapidly increasi-ng. Srt Ulster down as Republican to the core, andRondout able to do a full share in making it so.This account from a Pro-Slavery source, concedes that so cowardly were the assassins that they feared to ap- proachtbeirvictim,evenafterbewaswounded. He " lay there until after sunrise, when he was dispatched 1 'b y a. wound in the bead." A commentary on the " bravery" of border ruffians as a class.[Rochester EveningExprew, tHb .', • ". '. » , tw.—The. Boston Post is. displeased with the dictatorialtone of the manifesto issued by the Douglas Committeeat Washington. I t says:" It seems rather presuming for three citizens of aa brave heart, and a stirring voice to banish sleep fromr s cushioned seats. O u r brother, D r . Bellows, h a s the French Academy, in reference to one who was notCollege, this toast was given:" The pulpit cfthe great city—It fakes a good head,rendered to our ancient University, in promoting the endowment of the Museum of Natural History, with- out repeating tho beautiful remark made on behalf ofthem all, and we want to hear his voice among us." The D r . replied in a short speech, which ha con- cluded by the following stanza, referring'to the newly-inaugurated Presient:amemher: 'Nothing is wanting to his glory—he is wanting to ours.'" . . r '.Republic to undertake to prescribe the political actionof Democrats'in thirty-three Sovereign States, and totell t h e people thereof whom they shall support a n dwhom they shall oppose. Yet Messrs. Taylor, Pngh,and Rust, presume to do this, and in full confidence, ap-parentlv. that they know better than the voters ehem-te:ves how party matters should he conducted in thedifferent-States of the Union. Perhaps th- y do, but it ford employed in modeling in clay a bust of Bishop manner was admirable—a happy blending of grace and will require more ingenuity than is displayed in their BrowneJl, for the Biebop's son-in-law, Mr. Buinham dignity; aid there was but one opinion throughout the Manitesto, we fancy, to.convince intelligent citizens of audience a> to the perfect propriety and good taste'The inducting address by Gov. Banks, as our readers will see, is a most appropriate and judicious —Mr. C. B. Ivesjthe sculptor, who has pursued his performance, with topics seasonably chosen, and art for the last 16 years in Rome, is at present in Hart- clothed iu terse and scholarly style. His Excellency'sSecond. avenue, where he lingered until yesterday theassumedfact. Indeed,thewholepaperappearsto ofNew-York. TheheadisfiuiKhed,andinafewdays whichcharacterizedtheGovernor'spartinthepro- morning,andexpired. Tbeaccusedwaslockeduptounpardonable offenses—-while the friends of Mr. Doug- las are clothed all in white."-INDIES.GOVERNMENTT H E SLA VE-TRADE.ST.THOMAS,W.I.,July8,1860. There is indeed so little going on in this and ourawait the action of Coroner Jackman.STRUCK BT LIGHTNING —The schr. Cumberland, Lawrence, hence for Aspiawall, 16th iust., returned to port yesterday, having on the 19th inst, when in lat. 37 30, l«ng. 7310, duiing a squall, been struck by hght- nbg,whichbadlyburnedtheforetopmastandfore-mast head, setting fire t o t h e fore-gaft topsail, split— 7Vtr Louisville Democrat having made a sneering allusion to Carl Schurz, The Jovr'nnl thus speaks:THE DSITKDTO EMBARK-IN" We think that in that paragraph our neighbor took morepainstohesmartthanjust. CarlSchurzisnoare intimately acquainted with Bishop Brownell, in-cluding his own family, declare this to be the best like- nessevertakenofhim.,Mr.IyeawillreturntoItaly CorrespondenceofThe.N.Y.Tribune. '"Untitled DocumentW hile Harvard keepu her Folt-on. \*'It appears that on Friday afternoon last Butler and Warner got into an altercation at a stone-quarry in Wtehawkon. A fight ensued, during which* it is al- leged, that Warner beat Butler until he was insensible. The injured man was removed to his residence, No. 648—The Rev. James MaTtineau of England in to visi;this County, and will preach the sermm before-thoUnitarian Aw umnal Convention iii October. M r ment is about to take against the approaching ruin, are,'.—Theotherday,ayoungman,havingfallen:mloveSecession candidate for Vice-President, by the citizensof Dubuque, Iowa, are the following: • ,v , .' the Consul for the City of Hamburg. His death oc- eter, in the shade, stood at t P ; at tbe moment of;says that the members ofMrs.Faulknerwasespeciallyobservantinaveryhandsome morning dress of richly-embroidered muslin,with ample flounces relieved by the fashionable color,and ber gracious deportment to all who were presentedto her was generally remarked. Time would fail to the Atlantic Ocean and tbe Desert of Sahara. particularize the toilets of the younger ladies, amongFarquhar of Maryland. He telle us it will be central doubtless there prove a splendid Spectacle.'• j Here ftseem their efforts to preserve an unbroken oblique liue to us was in 1838 and I consider it to have been one <>f the most beautiful astronomical phenomena it was'•sverf; om the point of tbe shoulder to the edge of the skirt. my good fortune to behold." ; ; ]• ; >r Allow a little tapering for the neck, and place one ofthe fair outlines of woman be forever distorted into ies had set before them the form of some gigantic ex-Henekelto break his engagement with Miss Willingwas chiefly the opposition of his family. To the old Sositive monstrosity One would think that some la- and annular in Kentucky and\Tennessee, and ic willTHE RECENT MURDERS IN KANSAS—THE DKATJI threeandfouro'clock. Itwasalittlewarmforsuch orYOUNGDOT.—Wenoticed'yesterdaytbeassassina-bellej or bell, of 1860. Dancing commenced betweenexercise, but young people are nevejk especially sensi- tion of Charles Doy by a party of P^ro-Slavery men, inHOMICIDE.—Last night Officers Connor and Myers, of the Twenty-second Ward, arrested a man named nor-Banks for an oratorical effort. Praised his style, John Warner at his residence, corner of Forty-fifth too. Can that paper be deserting its principles ? It street and Eleventh avenue, on charge of having says, speaking of the inauguration of President Felton: caused the death of another man nained John Butler.—The Boston Courier has positively praised Gover-STATESSOLICITEDtho fourteenth President, w as born in Newbury in pense which falls - on the United States treasury by part ofthe place, and ktcludtng every etcrehouse in ii1750. ThelateSimonGi^enleaf,D.D.,oftheCam- bridgeLawSchool, wasa nativeof Ncwburmwn't: '••'/:'tending -captured Africans to tbeir homes, should take theshorterwayofladingsuchAfricanstoSt.Croix'M-All the stores bad good stocks of werouaniiae audi ofthezuveryheavyone*.• **, j ^ . I-W»»<»»»|IIH«»/*>J.»»*»1£iNEANTiciDE—Last evening t h e body o f a maleipfant, apparently about a week old, wa* found floating Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 