 THBBOXOHDITOBOBCASK. 8Ui aad Sft tBtetiDfatiflasBrMaaea «• bo Vaad • legaid to how Mr. Bnaoa's table was sim^ed; the toTiI oan give H to him. [Langhtar.]charity br givlag pobliettr to this BoiM la the eM- ^d, bat eoold not tall howItuun mt Bin. Bareh • BtatrlBMial «u—*Ofe»i»Kefthel4egmlOeateat.•Mia.Bin«t X^esegentlemen wUlTours, *e.,SSMN Gil^pBI.j_tSiWBtttrt wasFromOnrBpeslalOoTTMpoadmit.IBueoh'ssppllcatlooatottjatolatoHi.HoaaiaToa. taiuiaiite;andthatthedcBoslttoitWastakenthioiu^ TBICabalCoMmanoMBB/—'vnthinanhoaror H.SS«in£iw7al«>r^~M».JascaUeifto^the EtasSf, founditwasloISd JSJ^^»-SLi*to certain eorreapondence between himMlf and Mrs. SncB. It qipean from the papers that Mrs. Buacs wi4te lb. PAiTUfo* a letter, which be construedthat the decis- In order to determine the pertinency of the evidence, it would be necessary to review the position tlie case wotild likely assume. The complalhant would, no doubt, prove alleged actiWestern Prew oomment them as if nponto the line ofduty i"ll*euiMBf Cbtlatlan counsel, and speakingBxiiiLT, relating exclusivelyfaraplB(ol,bQtdenoeagabuther, inMUog ».-copy,persona who visited his house, and how he treated his wifewith cards tapon it ;%Mehhadh^ put upon peua,fiom»r.MtPiriMSOS'sdeposition,appearher. If they could show that all this time he waswkoeuelpd-without warning. He fled immediately, and is still atgamblinghouse t me.*^Sfcimedllr.BuacHVthe lattk and spoke ofthe subjectshow the character of Mr. and Mrs. BuEcu's com- show Mr. BcECH's motive for tois confession Gea. Klley is not expected to recover. cibtalnmgUbclsnte were the owners of the schooner O. M. Tomueni- In June,qaee- tlons as to toe numlier of ttmes toat toe iritoets bad been suspended, as an officer, for drunkenness, aad whetiMr be liad been on tills aeooimt; TbaMlBaaoB'a letter to Mr. Bobch, supposing haa*wouldhavenoobjection. ThefoUowlngIs thewas a kind and affectionate husband.'of tionofAmnaR.Bbntlei,chieflyin referencetoMrs.testimony was offered to show that Mr. Bueoh wasfrom his this confession eHsetranged wlfe,andthusgotnptoshowthathecould Mr. Bcecb's letter,produce of thewas alienated from his wife. The moving cause difficulty was Mr. Boeoh's alienation from his wife and alfection for another If,ss the defendant said,ay.disctiargedthai he contents of Mrs. Boeoh'sing up intimacy with another young lady, theylarge, although $1,300Isofferedlorhis apprehenstoa.Counsel for daerfrenstcteohgere a series of proposedIn such a way that his PMOaaoii'B) wife, In Ws absence, deUrered Mrs.pany. —a confession obtained by cross questions andpre- Mb. Millbb—It is intended merely to show that he tendhig to more knowledge than he possessed. TheLAW RHPO OaaiCCaleadar FsaWbbbssbat.enty-four Bags of e<!^«.—The1869, the master of the vessel chartered her to Chris-JS'APEEviLLB, 111., Saturday, Nov. 17, 1860.At the opening cif the Court this morning the firstfor costs, (2 "How. R.. 43li, 4.''>4 ;) an-i they hive to tlie officer, " Take him oat and I will be responsi-tkeTrial— duktacterofMrs.Bnaoa'swardrobe,andIhemaanerTbb Codbi—I think I haveallowwleaoagh latitade.nmns of the Tuos.Prestdent AmericaniB which Mr. BsBca tk» aakjaet af her Mr. andesteemed by(aliodiiuto the reporters)«"> way toTsSa£5iS?!'"w*,!S»"2^«»Vth.'^^T„'„f'r*o^mS«t^h^e'«dpft!i!ao!oJa!i:^d; l>l«ealtla»-H*wItb°0C«B- iS•»He!en~!nd"dsSt^Lwwhha„it.twMr.aVn.d-MrTruj^.C«i the'^rhol* Mr.Millxk to ofthedep«i*>that her hus-to Rio Jan-floneapondence, and It will speak for lUelf. Mrs. BuEcn's wardrobe also to of theUbitxd Biatis D18TM0T Tuesday.OovBT—Same as oncUuse binding tbe vessel and the cargoupon bis character for veracity, and, toerefore, rulad the out TheBoaoo's letter was written Immediately after leavingThe vessel arrived In Klo, and Schroeder & Co., forquestionno crossexaminalion was very furtoer new facts.har hn*and upon ibteeas:;lady.that he had the most loving and affectionate feeling forThomsen executed p*rtj,on board the coffee in question, for which the ihaster executed a bill of which it was consigned^MBS.BVBOB'S LITTES TO BET. HB. PATTSB80.V. Albuit, Jan. 27, 1860.thefor writing a confession which he knew to be false.Mr. UEownnio said that there was no sUtement inlading, byhis alleged discovery of her unfaith-checkersStiPBBiiBmerated Calendar will be continued.whom the charter slilppedMt Daaa Ma, PAtraaaoirfltna addressing you, but I am in such distress tillsto what Mr. Shiaet, (the alleged paramour of Mrs. BoBcu) said on certain other occasions. Also, to otherNos. 1678, 1954, 19SC, 1713, 1608, 570, 1«M, 19S4, 1966, 1968, 1970, 1972, 1978, lOfit, 1873, 5270, 1S2«, 171t,On the arrival of the vessel In New-Tork,the officer asked him to go out ;:ofthe master demanded the amount of charter moneytheMulii-Will you pardon me for-leered perversene^s." I feel ail this most deeply, townalso to what the wiu)i-ss said to Mr. Stuartof the charter and had toe eotire control of it himself party.bore his erring wife, he will pray for me. He did prav shut up the house until they were gone:also as to the;—an understrapper of toe hoose ;" a "bully employedlor and witli me oefore 1 left him,and perhaps if you ask him he will continue that prayer. I know that he loathesme now;broken andin the service. The claimantbut I pray that he will forgive me, for It isChriatlike to forgive, and he is good. Oh, Mr. PATHa-80H, I have so wronged him. I cannot tell you how Iwas led on so, step by step, from all that was right and without showing any connection with the case.;that afternoon the pat>er was he knew of his wife's infidelity someby amending the answ-CT. The evidence that was the exact date when the paper was signedoffered In this deposition was of a different nature. Could she not prove a conspiracy against her, to showwhen the officer came he asked Mulligan very ;good. 1 can only say, that I have so deeply slimed, I ftar I shall never be lorgiven, and I can only hope wild pray without ceasing. Do you and Mr. Bcaca pray for me. 1 can ask the prayers of none others, and uough I have so sinned against him. 1 believe he willor andprayfor me, and you know " the fervent nrayer of thethe and defendant to Hbnbt Paimeb, datedman availeth mach." At times, so great isngr faith in God's promises, I feel that I snail be complialnant estate inhe he did not come on to New-York previous to this interview with Smith, forbeingof the Court is excluded, according torighteous;dress, ordered outsaved—Jan. 11, 1860, of realters of Isaac H. BoECHtol. H. Bdbcb & Co., betweenfor HeTspent shall be saved, and He knows how- earnestly IChicago;Mrs. the character of Mrs. Buacu was above Buech,shall bejurisdiction Courts.ahimany written warrant or otoer proper autoority, had attempted an assault upon toe prisoner, who had re-a and then had treated as far as he could into comer,in defence the drawn his pistol, if at all, only againstwouldbethreatened assault It proved, however,forgiven—saystrulyand Circuit therefore, for respondent dismissing thebyperson havingautoorityteexpelrepent of my sins. And, Mr. Pattsesom, will you comfort my dear husband. I do pray for him andthose dear children. God only knows and has wit- Buechwashis conduct, and he believed the jury would be cod- Mabt W. vinced that Mrs. Boacu was the vlcum of a foul con-resumed—He had to$60 take with him to theDecree, Ubcl.For libelant, Mr. McMahon Beebe,DeanandDonohue.nessed my agony when thinking of and praying for;also the letters from Mast Spaulbiho to;for claimants, Messrs.children. They wlLl never know how 1 love them, each.to Mr. Coaauso, Albany. Your friend,M. W. BURCH.proper practiceoffice in tne case. It turns upon express statutoryRev. R. W. Patteksos—Sirquestion is, is Mrs. Bcaca guilty of the crime ? TheT^e Coiirf-Have you money to carry on this suit ?;; I have learned with that the letter which 1 wrote you be-upon my letter is utterly false, and I request yau to send me a copy of it, so tiiat I may know jseciseltimony of servants to -iImiiwii iiT iiUlin- in Tremont-streetA rs. Orviile Brown to be about five feet three, darkthe eommencement of toe first suit.MuICgan tbeofficerscametoandaskedwhatIdidwrite.;o-jtofthe anything wayin the cause remaining, where they are to abide the event.o'clocktotheeveningthose whotliethe recent decisions of thenothat subsequently the officer, Oliver, withoutmylovedones. Ohwho once so fondly loved me, now looks upon me Nov. 14, 1860; also two papers signedsoldouthepaid when he reached Boston again he Snaith told him that his vvtfe had:the thought that my husband,Burlington to startdepositions.—Mrs. Bcech set up irrelevant matters among others,that Mr. Bdbcb was parsimonious in prov-idiog for hisEven if he was parsimonious, that would notjustify adultery. The charge against Mr. Bcaca he were necessary to vindicate his charac-.er, by placingcould not see in any other light than as an attempt to "prejudicethecharacterofMr.Boeob. Thi»affidavit was httended to show that Mr. Bcech was not parsi- monlons. The defendant was responsible for intro-;I am about to complain of need ventilation " the worst!ii1;knew that Mr. Elliottfamily.Mr. Vaj AeWan stated further that the depositionsment on theComptroller.a of theirrelevant matters.Mr. Becevitb said the answer did not pretend thatricketty,-<!ucingmade love idoitd not hear Mrs. Brown say that she was kept as a mistress, but Mr. ElliotMr. Bubcu did not furnish his house with groceries,bat that his affections were alienated so that he wished the calumnies as to his parsimony. Tne alleg-atlonsvided they case will ofby appealed.swer to the ninthIn- which Mr. Buaca furnished his house with the lux-;line witness visited Mrs. Brown at Fortlyingand per dayshall not exact agambling-houseatoved to stilke out, in thealso depositions of Aucs Feam-How could Mrs. Boech reply except by her answer ?Broadway.bers of theeral public, all of whom evinced great interest in the trial.Messrs.Marsliall, recentlyman wito a drawn dirk and robt>ed lilmof tilsinterrogatory relatingto the mannerthe pursuit of happinessinthename of common hu-and there hi the houseguilty.LARCENIES TRIED.ries and necessaries of hfetory relating to the class of persons who visited Mr.BvEcu's house ;of all the w ills,and to which we, tne sufferings;JudgeHe said he felonious assault upon Officer Ambrose W. Oliver, on robbery to toe first degree. He pleaded guilty to snand the fourteenthher defence? They would show that publications had been made andpald for by Mr. Buech,was New-Yorka.i followsto Mr. Bdecu'3 domesticCTiendirghis Ume alter busiaess hours. Heduty itfine of five dollarsresidedmer- HouseInossHbbbaed, the answers to relatingIf the allegations were untrue, whf should the com-had sold her dresses to her neighbors to get pocket money; thattemporarily occupying(hesporting fraternityThe sentence toerefore wottldbie toe al- highestr^'i*' j^ h""",' "^i"*her husband had made her at various times the car- ,ladliage which Mr. Boacii nad purclia'ed for herandAlfred A. and Phillipsnext out. He broughtto larceny. petitilrs.WaetBi;ech said Spacldiso.about AUa young theseand mean manner. If the Court was to detcrmme on these questions relating to Mr. Bobob's parsimony, hisideniiiy the personValoev's bill at the Lafarge was $68Miss he could not tell-claimed,tendedtoshow thewhether Mr. Coex-went when sheThe next witaess was Robert F. WeslcotI, the well- requisite number could be obtained who aid not en- Joseph O'Connor, indicted for assault and batterya thetertain prejudice against prisoner.jected,ixx IsHAH as to Mr. Buech's having made a present toMo., to San Francisco, oiUy increasing schedule Mrs. Anne Lyon deposed, tiiat slie lived at Fort Lee While an ;took from Robert Link, by violence,;thethirteenth interroga-in the the the de- newspapers charges againstrongsdenizens of this great MctropoUs are heirs, to co;ncof John C.on attempt. Then tbe Court remarked that this was awUe were really in the main forjoang ladles, to whom he made presents. If thelittle more money," and tiiat the was not was not told. to believebattery-Mrs. Buech's sister. If that answer wasclaimed the right to show that that gift was not ordydefendant couldshall at ui earlier date order up the mall service (now run-;ceivedpropersource,Mulliganhadresisted,sot a present:^deserving commendation, very niggardly actbutwas reallvcame, he tr7"^,,^T^V,'^t"^'''?^between or toe crossing Julesburg,witnesswaswitness stated that on toe 20th ofOliver, who January last, he went to?onnl:dii.infsintoxication at toetime,whichThe deposition of Tbobas B. Caetee'*' may have a side Court toH-aughter.] We shall try anvthin^ ov^»nf uw^hhat isc stricet-*of theinmeed supporttoeorytoat toe ;prisonerinterrogatory, re- habits,—his manner ofpublishsubstantially ;:show that the billsFrom a in telegraphic dispatchknown Express agent. toat He acknowledgedthought, under the same category. The whole of his hnarudinyanvaevteiummeeT,t'owas in relation tojected to the deposition of Ctacs B. Albss, a butcher,'inPrecinct,entering"request of John Morrlssey house, Momesey pointed at the nrit,)ncr, There Is the I want mv.-d^ayjs- a snort consultetion, rendered^stlmonystore bUls. He also ob- goodmeattoMr.Buaca dersforsomewho testified that he had solaandeverybody. HebelievedUiere wasthe butcher in the answer—thi: only butcher referred to was the complainant.man,him out oJt ofp^ir^ias\joun\e.ir1%^jHe also objected to portions of thedeposidonsregardTo rhe*'p"nb"lioaU.m;got ac-wasin tostoyrendered a verdict oi ''"Thomas Clark, Indicted for p-and larccDy,r»-triedonMonday,tb.rebutting evi-in theofficer, dischargeto execute the commandofwhich he hal re-'stout gentleman, and wore side whiskersshould not know himcould notci> ofMrs.^oaeBthoagblrfMr.BTO«. ..Hanbal quentlatoeooiVtobringtlie dsUn-RnBsoa,%oilita thajMa iHpiilunastoMr. Besswaspromotedbfa«r.Aotislatherreash*°ok poaaessibn of Itthe depositionsanswer.re-prerlonslTEmlty whh himness entered tbefsr as h« aawj HalUgaawas sitUaglor, doing noChing; be by himself, tweotyartoirtr fset fitan flia (Khan there ;ofBdboh'bMr. Becswitb said it wasdoes nottions of the deposition of Jobs DeeovssfoatohK»paatoialletter,commlaeratlngherposition, CityBank. AlsoportionsofdepositionsofCveds ofIntimaoy,andthensubmitthe contession, theLegislature,whereIt^n»B aciwfcaafain of gnilt, and In anawertowhich helect a particular individual.all these siiupty relate to the money affairs between the houses of CoEsma k Co., J. H. BuacH <k Co., and the Albanyand could not, therefore, have expressed his purpose to se-The duty wiU^oleft to belongs.-AUoayEvning— Gen. KUey, State Senator from Lumpkin Co., Ga., was shot by a man, named Davis, while sltttag at his own fireside in Dahlonega, a few days slace,ofMrs. allegedto show tbe crimlnalitr of Mrs. Buses. If the de- •••d^ehadmadeasortofconfession. Assoonas Bosch,andthecharacterofthecompanythatvisited fendantoouldshowtliatMi,Bueohlaidhisplans,askadasIt hebe- Mti. BrnoH heard that the letter was to be used as ert-tothewardrobehim didaMAeetvaoAa(hnhimiher house.Tub CooBT—What is the drift of theMb. Bbgwninq—To show the charactdeprosoiftionspoisoned the minds of the servants, kept Hr. Stdabtin house m brothers' ot>- ,the spite of Mrs. Bnaoa's circum-jecdons, thus surroanding lier with sunilciousstances, would show the of the complain- they designoanaed gtloatsoses;she wrote to Mr. PATTsasos re- and dlsavowlhg the construction—The Court It would depend much upon thedriftofthe whetherit wasintendedto deposiUonsHalted Statesprisoner asked wimess ii he ba< a warrant, and was told ao{ MolBgKi then said,her communications. Itap- in comparison to other gentlemen.pomttogthis is a tnisttumtobeohechs,Mr. Beckwitu also objectedtoportionsdeposi-the usual to be ladenCourt ruled toat a man's character for or sobrietydepositloa of Maeoabet O'Haea relating to Mrs. Buecu'b playing;portionsboard for the faithfulperformanceof the agreement.The Ciiiu- pluinant, tlurefore, propose! to oiler le-tiinoiiy sii uv-contrary,complainuct commenced to treat her ill.; 1'.'business was the consideration of a motion made byMrs, BuECH's counsel and argued yesterday, for a ing the relations between Mr. ISuF-uu aui Mr. Cob:«- his wife'; If it could then adultery would be a proof,j 'i-IMulligan backed into the corner^prisoner had his hand ;Morri.ssey sidd to toe offi- in opposition, Mr. cer, Look out for liiin, he has a pistol;" Oliver asked Morris.-cv for a [nstol, b"ut received no reply; Mulligan said to tbe officers, I won't allow any ofcommission to lake the testiniony of Mr. and Mrs.could be again introduced.Mr. JliLLiE adverted to the Intimation of Mr. Beck-in his panialnons pocket : "IMG, and that Instead of Mr. lii-r.r-i deriving pecuiii iry advantages from .Mr. Cobni.vo, the advantage was all tlie other way. The answer of .Mrs. Bubch also ;il-in the habitofcausercjicou.s. and must be modined accordingiy.;-«K yeio-Botk Cimcfl, toebncg^cg, ItocnAir tl, MW.of Msbt iaBana, sarapmadilng. IfthegenilemaawaaiaaaoaMrAap-Leavenworth. Ton will be a ^Merrlna with her iihekasw that Mrs-Browa had a teOtrbig qoalatod oldthechildwas.IB tbe absence of Sylvester Petersohnal,faalaehaodoirng.wtIt-a >i^tbeCourtordsndaaflifeaCtbsmeantlme aaorSranBBmanient was lIasrsaned, and?Dtotrici Coart. Bebn JsdS> aMk.I,station house,indMulSS^"«'»;» on the toud other jkWBH [LauKr.] a«ia«mandoth«ijWar;«<m«Sa>l«J»»Uce.„ objected iSiulmlssloB ofthedepositionsofWm.TJfauuaandJaon HonofCasouhsTAniUw«nthegreundthatthewtt-a Deputy; also,.PresidstBattedBtj^g^^Company.Jook taadBiententarednpon. and, Friday, Nor. ISM. ns into soparbMlBblpwHhthMl-MlBg them that a tteladnpreter. He alss obected to depaatUaoi rela- two after te eUaaholrlntelBMnoe of the daath of st^ru«lCSBdl|^h4h5^y« at the Lafarge Morrissoyd'isrbeocutisoen, MuUlgairufi;*^? ^f?"* *?* 1«,NtfuTiua, DLThe only movement ef conaequence in the bea wouldealjrMn. Buaoa. One of the in the deposition of Oiaaos TaiiLsxa, as to wliat he respond with the answer. No acts of intimacy short would appoint Us successor, but stating who that sac- 30 to 39 years bU;waited up- owoslte frSST^'ISSto^wL'" ^£22urtnership with Hr. Tuhbb (Mrs. Bsao^s brother,)ttve to the alleged criahitf intimacy of Mr. Bnaoathe lamented BauM was receSad In this the dti,House forflgor jaaisfhe Was talMHidarproStable paitnr8l4).withUsniece,MabtSraoiBuia,on.thenoundthatiton boaideiaattoSThold of his ooUar, and saldhS mu^'thT'^SSf niMna^ when a eltocbtetagraph oonaapoodentaf the Aasoclatsd Press sentBarch dlrorce cue to-day was tbe Allng of a number Also, the ilth and I4th Intanogations and answers -was inelevant to the answer. The proof did not cor- offa dispatch auoimetog not that theeoTeraor could raaMOibera Uia TUMri ttlnks she -was about way, ensued, and omc'r^TM*, *5SI^depoaltlonaonbebaLlfofZMMt Interecting la that of Rer. Hr. PAnauoa, relatirabeard Mrs. Howabb Sbbbkab sayof could be adulteryueasu would be.ttom a source so notoriously nnreliable, some of thethe whole of Jacob W. Seikklb, the subject-mat- ter of which was simply to show the dealings between E. CoEHins h Co. and J. H. Bcecb ti Co.; also por-under thelaweeks several ;;also,provenallegationsAlthoughrecelvlngthese statementspersonsseen the prisoner,aad "hadalso, to a remark made by Stuakt as to hiscarrying books under his arm, and saying that theneighbors should not know him calling on Mrs. BuacH his wile up to the day of the alleged discovery, and heCoUET—Gbbibal Tbbh.—The Noa-eaa-lengthy,but elicited M0BRI8SBTsuppressedcommission had tjeen once issued to take tlitir testi- leged that about the bth of January complainant was vtiTu that tiiu defence would show that Mr. BuE.jHln- name, she said, had been given to this gentlemwaint-SripaiHA.Douglaswherevertheymaybefound. A mony in New-Orleans, but when the papers arrived1ithere with her to secure boarding as her uncle. No ;;there Mr. and Mrs. Douolas had left.to nima stout, red-faced person, light complexiongoverned by an indebtedness to Mr. Coenixg. and be- cause he could not pay an indebtedness to the Alba- ny City Baiik, commenced to find fault with her abouttroOuced Mr. Stuaet into his family, and thus con- nived at v.hat he suspected.IncicaKO of ihc Judgci' .Sajnricn.The counselfor Mrs. BcKCH claimed that they had a right to take trilling matters. The complainant proposed to such intention.the testimony at any point where the attendance of show that he could not have been governed by any On the subject of issuing the commission to take the Mr. or Mrs. Docolas could be secured. The Court such considerations, and that at that very time Mrs. tesiimonyof Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Dcuolab, the Courtr.ER.CI rcL Wm. MiUhcll vs. Rnhe.t T.on toe way totoe Station-house witness took Mulligan's pist-d from bissuppose that the allegations to which these depositions were made were relevant—they were; however, pre- pared to meet them.at'1 his \\as ai'out a year ago, Specialupon the files of the Court the record of his vin-iiea-tlon of his character from the aspersions contained inthe defendant's answer. Each of the allcg-ations inthe answer, Including that of the improper intimacyof Mr. Bobcb with his luece, were irrelevant, and thedepositions complained of were no more irrelevant.If the testimony on the one side was suppressed, itmust be suppressed on the other. The complainant uted upon the heads and clothing of the thousands who;incumbent ofre.atesto an increase or diminution of salary on the part of the State, and that it cannot in any manner whatever as to restrain the Board of Supervisors of this City from making the donaUon proposed, pro-are authorized toe Legislature. Theshould escape under such circumstances, his bonds-was anxious to litigate these questions, and to deny daily throng Broadway I ;The of the opinionready for publication.to get rid of his wife. It was true there were allega- HoDS that Mr. BraoH liad refused his wife the littlepocket-money she desired. There was no allegation defendant insisted the complainant would not object with materialsmade love to Mrs. Brown first in Bleecker-streetpresentterm is notyetthat Mr. BuBOH did not furnish his hoiue. As to tbe>Mr. Vab Aehax—I think that there is. mitted that this Mr. Bobbill was in some sort an agent yet,Mr. BioxwiTH replied, that if the answer of Mrs. of Mr. Stcaet In the accomplishment of his purpose Broadway thus occupied, to the great interruption of for hefror bhoeard, and scarocenlyhearllroewteudrn hterromenForuighLeteoFor Wm. Homicide—Francis Hoffman,BvEOR was irrelevant it ehonld have been stricken out, and since the complainant admitted its irrelevancy;she came to house of witness first ;Canit af General Sessions.A KOBBKS itSn TIN YEARS TO BINQ SIITG A THIE> SENT TEARS AND A BALV TOthere was no need of furthersijppress, in the deposition of Wji. H. Baomt, the an-;argument.He moved to;TBKI$TBI SAME PLACE-BOBBIBISS, ASSAULTS ANDbetween. The testimooy of the servants was In rela-tion to what was actually transpiring in the house.As to the counsel had a right, in leading questions,certain cases, to refresh the memory of the witness as to certain evidence which he had already given.Mr. Beciwith replied that a little of the outside his-the question—the more you complain the further willIn Twenty-flfth-street"the name of spoiled hats, coats, mantillas and crino-after that to w-ho carried her childin the case of Lindenmuller, indicted under the Sunday law, and tried on Monday, came in at 11 o'clock, after an ab-—lady kamedanswers helargi; amount relations with Mr. CoEiriBO,;againleft toere, not who she went time, and toe pannel was not naade up'ffll nearly 1 degree, was next called. He failed to respond,admitted, heshow that the answer was true.the first Ining semi-monthlydayofMay,unlessCongressbehalfnothing about;HABsm C. Bbowr, relating wholly to matters of Mrs. """'""'•tea evli.dlenhce in this °L'?^^.^l!.*'f,°°^?:^'*„i^.°°',<='.°pf^'edhe was very angry, and would not conflicting, and toe JuryBmoa's dress: also, to portions of the de- case, vindibathlg the coinpWa^nrf^rom the ofMsition of Geoesia H. Esdi. The iatetrqatoiy and answer relating wholly to Mn. BmcH's dress and wardrobe. Also, the 7th,being prlvv to suchof Ihe^chair^ge portions Kansas,toen drew a revolver from his panta-fifthpubUcation, wvhiule he charS chargedtlh^eExpress Companies wiU forward,free of con- charge,Brown);to an attempt, and was toereupon;to our rescue, and demand as a ri^ht, that those wh-->scgavewas clerk at the Lafarge toe 2mh of January last, in awas it not proper that the defendant shouldthe father whowas the next »-itncss, Ai»tr( Arfams,thatalsoblackening the character of his wife and children. cumbering streetsdence whicha small portion of Mrs. Bdecu's the sidewalk in front of his own store while loadingand othersprop-chant for'"'"O' '*"= presents which plainant olject to showing it? They w-ould show and untoadinir merchandise, and at the same time udefFcriboedtliat they were truethat this ladyalso, with reference to riding on horseback what she had been treated in this parsimonious, niggardly street bytoMs.Jeii-i'iarwi tionof nor,, r,, v. 17 BROADW.tY.;come there that assumed to be her uncle; he was aEdwardindicted for was grand larceny,Cf Mrs. BoECH'9 wardrobe, but the defence would iKG had not advanced him at one time•how that that amount was mainly dne to presents t35,coo, and at another $20,000, for the pur- To tU Editor of the -Vem- York Times:o'clock. Twenty-five jurors were calledjbefore toe his bail was forfieited..k.<,»TMfiom her friends they ;would also ^wmcb Mr. Bcech pretended were incurredrose of saving him from ruin that Mr. Bobchhadsome of this the patrons of our express are ledfor dressinBbeen "send nic a that the answer morning's papers,Mr. Anthon opened for the prosecution in a brief ; it was the address to toe Jury, setting forto toe facts to be Brooklyn book, and contained toe receipts for money proved. John Morrissey havuig ordered toe prisoner;^""k"^•t'.o'V"^?h"o"^s,a'leoccupi 'Netoercott,;writing to Mr. Coehiso Mabi is well, pleasewito totent to kiU,1 nev could fness ana kindness of Mr. Bobch in advance when thely raised upon the Mr. VanEipesss Compast, No 61 Hudson-street, (comer of Jay-street,!weekRidirict—y/as not toe midwifetheMr.BiCBWiTH_I «iii try jq ^^thing to do wito his andto of thecourseof Mr. Buech withofmovement now foot to reUeve the distress amongst toe populationon ofmust leave;^l-J!':^^fS'°'-;Sl^^'^111 order to aid the generalElreet, New-York; Itnew Mrs. Brown in ls5;icjiiainted with her at that time(Mis. resided toen with her brother, Mr. wito curses hehow every word of the answer tooealosos..u,e!sfj'.fcy''^,V"*'' tendered a stipulation that the is- should be tried.she hadshould lay Thefirstliands him. uponcalledwasEx-Officercharacter was adduced, and also"'^""-.'T anything exceptIssued at toe it to a few after.pleadings.ARXAN-We ha'^e a call i„ one of these or-eveiyshe sa-jr Mr. EUiott at ,iaf-er oniltyr,o.""^.^^.^^^^r^^^^l ^^^^^^relevancv make*iL'%xXatlontordays after the birth.plwalctfn? todicted for a felonious a.«saultMr. BBorwna-I suppose Ittributions, in money or clothing,of toe sufferers, and addressed to the Committeesatvery gentlemen calling on Mrs. Brownown pistol;toe prisonerU Jor necessaryme toan-Hn.hadautu. Sirion should be madeimportantthey were But neither are true. The Govemsr has hadhooae wasno waa toand disgusting indecency in his own house was a part leftwhich the witness was to procure for the of Mrs. BuKCH's repelling evidence. There was no Mrs. Brownsupplieshouse of Mr. Buecu;direct evidence reproaching Mrs. Boech. She met cir- day the paper was signed, tbe 20th October, 1859destroyedthe jurisdictionThat the averment in the libel that the vessel is now within this District, and is aalso to a statement that Mrs. to be well dressed from the number ofcumstances by other circumstances explaining them— Mr. Elliott in the morning;exceptedbycerquietly to go with him, when he demanded toeBuBCHOughttimes that she went to the storeslegedsame altemoonbal agreement madeBeld by the Co"urt.—certain acts for defendant also a deedsignedmade within the State, and the services commencing and terminating within it,;the paper was signed the the matter was talked over, and ver-also to certain al- eflTorts to induce the witness to leave the Slate,explaining the Influence that he had over the servantsIn the house. That was not recrimination. The de-fence preferred to abandon that branch of the de- diawn up;;by"That the contractJan. 1, 1657, and March 1,1658;letters of 1, H. BuBCH toother, of the same dates. In the possession of Isaac H.;the purpose of defraying those expenses, and he has given her half that sum, he knowing that she couldprovisions applicafbeleebill ofl^J, lbl3, and the February, 1B26,coverJutlhye of the;;lorsay,;piuOi's tojuiisdiciion.itCranch R., 126.since embodied that pr'nciple in a standing rule of Cml't. C-i llew,,p. 13)early.facts.no idea of assnming the right to $11 ttie vacancytlie back mt. Horrtswr at tte tliaaant to make those circumstances to condemn Davis approached hU victim stealthily and shot himCHABTIE—LIBM OH CABOO »0B FRKIOHT—Opif- 8IGH0B AHD COKSiairEI.Ira B. Davii el al. vs. Fire Hundred and Se»-at toe cards and" Dont yon see ttiat Y'ou had better attend teSoPBEHS Coaai—CuMjaiT.-Pot/ /.—Nob. 187, 119T,so often. was shown to have taken liberUes with young 8SI, 15SS, I56I, 15*3, HITS, I5«5. 1:87, 1573, 157S. 1577, to Troost, Schroeder * Co., on payment of belght. Ids house, on the 20th of Januarr last, he saw MuUl-The next witoees, John Morrlssey, stated that at Mr. Bicewith objected also to a statement relating lady, they would go far to show Mr. Boboh'b reason 1581, 1563. 1585, 1587, 1680, 15«1, 1»»3, 1599. Part IL— No reference was made to the cliarter party in the bill gan and the last wltoess ; he told toe officer to retaovaI feel aa though I must look to you, my for-laer friend and pastor, lor advice and sympathy. Iieel that a few words of consolation from you, with questions were leading ; also to questions and an- far filed was in relation to Mrs. Boeoh's deportment Nos. 1011 and 681 added. Part /f.—Ailjoumed far amount of freight due by the bUl of lading, and his chair and walked backwards, drew a revolvermorning,interrogatories—Same as on Tuesday, andthen54 beforeSandid not recognize that autoorityand answers relative to Mr. SruAav'a relations with Mrs. Boacu, on the ground that theall the taken direct proof of depositions giving any1004, s«e.SoPBBioa CovBT—PSrf 7.he would deliver thele officer showed his shield, and Mulligan said kaproved disloyalU^ld the Lord heard. His arm is not shurtencd that that if he caught him pruning the vines he would pat to cause her to be suspected of infidelity. The de- which the suit is based.Mr.were not bona fide purcha-sers of the coffee, but took co-proj.rietots. The lease was made to Keran. Mor- it in part as co-associates in interest with the con- rlssey bad contracted for toe exclusive use of toe signors, and in part as creditors on a past indebted- down-ttaifs part of toe house, at a given price. The ness of the consignors to them. bouse was leased for a private club-house. The Dis-ifcannot .«ave ; neither Is his ear heavy that it cannot him out of the house ; also to answers on hearsay ;The first witness examinedtlff,0./f.Sri>wn. He testified that Mr. Elliott did not firsthear." Thiscomfortsraebut ohIwas yesterday theplaln-;n»ay be forgiven. I know that "the vilest sinner may ters contained.repent," but I think sometimes that there was never Tub CoDET—Does the bill charge Mrs. Buaca in re-cite so vile as I, My doubts, fear and despair then lation to one person, or more than one person ?tiinons explaining the circumstances which had been toplaced around her t She did this to defend herself, suit Elliott.wasand not to assail the plaintiff. She said that the trum CMr. Smith said the agreement was in writing.] The lading to override tliat lien of the owners.that the house was a place where games of chaoce were played for money. Witness stoted that Mulli- gan li-ad 'frequently been to toe house, and played;gations;fence could thus show the motive that mduced the at times my sin is also to answers relative to the wltneis taking notes to complainant thus to act His transfer of his affection so great, the sense of my iniquity is such, that I feel other persons than those mentioned in the complaiut, to another than his wife, would be a motive for accus-the Mrs. Buech. All the evidence thus charpe againstdue, beinghe then got from uptheasBurancethatIhadyourprayers,woulddome swersrelatingtomerehearsaygreat good. Ibegtfaatjou will not cease entirely to as to whether when Mr. Stuart made his morning simply for the pui-posaof going to the jury as circum- Coaaoa Pleas—Pxrt f.-Nos. 2236, 2062, 3345, 236$, the charter money. the w indow, all the Ume abusing toe witness ; Mor-;also, to a question f<ir thn e or four They aU anounted to proof. the term. the Siel in this case was filed to recover from one and put It to anotoer years. thereupon pockethe backed te;take an interest in me, for if ever 1 needed the pray- calls on Mrs. Bcrcb, the witness recollected any oc- stantlial evidence. That was the only attempt of the 2365, 2366, 2367, 2074, 1869, 2053, 2329, 2369, 333«, 2256,Held by Uu Court-That the libelants are not shown rlssey told toe officer to be careful, for Miilligaa was to have had any direct in the consign- armed; toe officer then asked for a pistol, bat re-The, depositions. They.participation mentorknowledgeoftherelativerightsandInterests ceivednone—ers of ChrlstlaDS 1 do new, when 1 am an outcpst—a casion when he was not some portion of the time aloneTjoatlonewandererupontheearth—shunnedbyall, withMrs.Bobch.wid loved by none. I try to feel that for such as 1 our Mr. Faenswcetb, on-bchalf of Mrs. BcEou, objected jusUfy a suspicion that .Mrs. Bobch was gniity. 'TheSaviour died, and I pray that my sins may be washed also to the deposition of Cbas. Latton, relating to answer denied the truth of the charge, and traced theaway* *' But your iniquities have separated between Mrs. BoRcu'B having given a note to her brother to treatment of the defendant by the complainant. Butjoa and your God, and your has hid his face fr<^m take to Mrs. Stuaet ; also as to how Mr. Siuaei spent even in the case of a simple denial, the defendantvp« that he will not hear." This 1 feel most deeply. his time when visiting Mr. BoEou'a house ; also to the might introduce any evidence .tending to de-J)o yoa think he will hear me when 1 call upon him 7 statement of the witness that Mrs. Boecu and Mr. stroy the presumption of guUt. 'The theoryV My lips have Indeed spoken lies, and my tongue huth Stuaet had gone into the grapery while he was down of the defence was that the complainant had Brcncn vs. Dawton. Yesterday this case was from tlie master subject to the stipulations and obli- an equal interest to the house at toe time wito otoer- fell so far short of raisin-g pre;l.ellLiicii. t'ould the lact tiiat .Mr. Buaca was guilty of acts o: indecency be proof of a conspiracy againstand thus ihe St Louis depositions which had beenreceivingthat she had rcpre.sented the gentleman who cameI'Iiu'l the iei'ree Li thisFoi the luoiiun, .'^r. ShermangivingI'he Court and counsel for defence disavowed anynever herspeak;AllVtr.St DECIbIO^Boecu represented that her uncle and friends esteem- said that, understanding that it was proposed to make about 7 o'clock one morning;Hans.—In this case, it will be remembered, .is in ;;yesterday said the application was a novel one, and, ed Mr. BcECH highly. It was alleged, in the answer, the tioned was atiout years of age when the manthe deijo.siiion on interrogations already filed, thirty the relator claimed an amount of pocketwasa 61. Fart //—Nos.2077, 1878, 112, 1863, 2105, 2212, sumptionofthetruthofthecharge,asnotevento 2i:S9,2292,2293,15U,2371,2374,2375,2377,2378.THE CKIM. CON. CASE.to his wile, and had thus resumed. Its character is well known, because of«^ItrytofindcomfortinIllsblessedword."Be- aboutpruningthegrapevines,andhowhetoldStuart setaboutannoyingher,andtocreatecircumstances tbepublicitywhichhasbeengiventothedetailson Thattheconsigneesmentionedinthebilloflading Ealratnieys,Mr.McGann,Mr.ReranandMr.Peterswere"Utterly lost and aiidone. I pray, and often, that 1 and tlie supposition of the witness as to what the let- ing his wife. Could not the defendant introduce tes- advise him to bring this suit ; if he succeeded in this That by the charter party the goods were bound to trict-Attorney here expressed his willingness to admitoverwhelm me. I try to feel that God will, in his own Mr. MitiEE—With regard to one person, and other wiis that while she was faithful as a wife, her hus- writing was produced and identified. It wHs an agree- Decree, therefore, for the libelants, for the amount toere. On toe night to question Morrissey sent forgoodtime,doallthingswell. 1knowbedoes;but rersoEsunknow-n. We claim the admission of the b,-ind was disloyal, and that another occupied ment between the plaintiff and William Elliott, and due under the charter party, with interest and costs. an officer, because Mulligan, with whom he had hal aoh my burden is so heavy, my sin so great, I do cast'.all upon the Lord and 1 know he will sustain me. Will you give me vour prayers ? Will you, Mr. Pai-on thatMr. Faekswceih objected to other answers as irrel-the place that was hers and hers alone. Could sheset forth that the $700 advanced by Elliott for Brown'swasFor libelants, Messrs. Beebe, Dean and Donohue for claimants, Mr. Lane. —difficulty the night before, was talking -with Mr. Daa-ey, having his hand on his pistol , "a long six-shoot-sxuaa, ask my husband to ever pray for me .He Isevantrelatingof the witness relating to himend ills connection wito Morrissey, or. he?a Christian, and so are you. Perhaps your prayers with mine may be heard, and I may be forgiven, will you and he sometimes pray together for me! I do need such prayers. And perhaps for the love he once;'derofitionground.to Mr. Bubeii, and certain suppositions what was the effect of the testimony Introduced by family;nol show that to the jury ? It was for the jury to sayto be paid back If plaintiff were successful. also relating to the her. The dcpo.-kion proving Intimacy between Mr. When the examination was resumed the witnesser." was telling Daney toat he must MulliganDistrict,Mr. Bbcetith also asked for an order of the Court fence rather than to risk,Jhe continuance of the case three weeks before this event; could notreaiember that she is a foreign vessel in build ownership,a let- ter from the defendant to the complatnant, bearingBenjaminpittol, with his hand upon It a part of ti»e Umeon the complainant compellinghim toproduce;£. Smith first informed mm of his wlie's infidelityto some other State than New-York.also signed by defendant, authorizingdateaboutJan.il, 1960;He couldalso the let- or three day s of the final rupture between Mr. and saw Mr. Smith a second timebetween thetitled toin this Court as quasi-salvagea of attorney power;Maek Skinmr to doinfidelity;I. H. dence of his Intimacy with his niece BobchbetweenJan.1,1857t> thedateofthisnotice,the key toDirectWest; he borrowed $300 from one of his brothers inBoech, and purporting to be signed By J. R. Valeh- spiracy.with loathing and hatred, is almost unbearable. But W. Mr. Vah Aemajj repliedbis brother $250;MOTION TO C05S0LIDATE ACTIONS.toat he did not draw his pistolwards methat he will feel less anger and more pity,Bobch to certain acts of adultery with the defendant Stoabt; also ablllof sale of date Jan. 31, 1837, of a clock costing $200, and two bronze figures casting $05case, and testimony tliat may be oflered bythe de-shall but never told him who was Davidson,ingsey's houseon the of the occurrence nightahe did not;support- Mr.Elliottcalledon him and told him his wife had been confined at Fortwhich were to forfeit various quantities of brought;at OfllcerOliverand that he too will forgive the great wrong I have(ione him. I hope you will sometimes see my dearhis wifeher sicknesswines by the firm of B. W. Fyrock& Co.,forimported stated that lie sawshow that Mrs. BuRH had full^Mrs. M.*W. BrscH1 was absent from home. The letter to which you terests. (iiK ed to show that ilr. Bubch" afl'ecUous were alieii-When he had concluded his statement, Ellen Gi'es, a chambermaid in the bouse to wliich, as is alleged,For(heUnitedStates,JudgeRoosevelt forclaim- theyshowedtoeirshields,andhesaidhedidhtrecog- ;welfare,iamy'ourformerpastor,htrunclehehadderivedmutlipcc-aiiiar>-bene- sluiKcs,a::dtiepositiveproofniijlitbeyetiritro- bellaSergeant;out:of Mr. Buaca can be Intro-ants, Mr. McKeon andMr.nize their authority. Witness confirmed the stete-W. PATTERSO>f.11.witness was deci ion's of the Court on this subject, and ished Ihe business he h-ad with Mr. Daney Supremefit thr-.t hud ii?ed her well until iiispecuniary difiicultiea between him and Mr. <'uti-fiM^,of was there, and some time before thatand the answer to that must be ahambermaid at that place, ami waiteJ upon Miss that Court has decided that where a Court has no said, " I won't have you here." and MalligBO said,coii.plainantroisiinrierstandingwithMr. Cohnin-g, and. at the time of Sirs. Btr-.-i'sout theand not accusations ol Mr. I:l.sabella at times. The witness described SergeantIsabella Sergeant, and corroboialed foriiier tCaLiino-ny in regard to her personal appeanmce.In addition to lids she stated that Mrs. Browne was;proof;man forDavid iioag. tbe next witness, went into the honse»evidence more pertinent than this which was offered. He thought it would be proven that, up to within twothe falsity of the chargesnot seeanypidonthe agreement with Elliott he did do something;compensationthe suspicion of even a breath of scandal, and thatSupremethe purpose of ascertaiidng where his wife was scandals that were attached to her. Tnis evi- nights and he did not know wherQ.he 1. II. Bobch 4 Co. to each the charges against her were first set afloat—the never stated to Mr. MlHer that his wife was outalso the of copies;fence. ,..,_, —duringseeMulligan pototthat he considered the claimhad but$20leftThe United States vs. A Quantity af H^inM.—Thisi pray God that his heart may be more softened to- TIME, purporting to be the confession of Mabt of admissibility to be based on peculiar positions of the been seduced by a person by the name of Charles Mar- was a motion to consolidate six separate ac'Jons, James D. Haws, who testified toat he was in Morrls-handas counsel for Mr. BcEcu opposed the motion strong- that the jewelry difficulty commenced in January, Court felt disposed to authorize the commission to came to take her to the theatre, the landlady went others similar, $8,- a Colt's revolver to the best recollection of the wit-look the papers lot consideration. ly-,This morning, after some uidrnportaHf preliminary business, Mr. Becswitu, on the part of Mrs. Bcbch, moved to suppress a large share of the depositionsMulligan did Cfpt. Dilks, of the Fifteento Ward, next teslifieJ,.that Mr. Tuemep. was living Hied on the part of the complainant. The first one to in his house; that he^ had made a present to Mrs. Birch's sister, showing the most friendly relations be- tween the families at that time. Complainant al.-^o proposed to show that during all the period coveredthisannum. This allowance was to begin with the pas-kind." I h.ave often heard it remarked, notonly byLeeshe had a child with herboarding-house kept by Twenty-f.ltli-S-jjircnieanother linislieil be.'ore day,thebutscores of,,,-.., v/that -;cee<l no further before adjournment; however,••; I'_ Press, ,private individuals, the most splendid tlioroughfaredemurrt r for the Constitution of this Stite. salaryBroadwaying for her .-ince that witnefs has done washby was ..in the world." Now, if huge, unseemly piles of brick unnumbered barrels of lime, immense sand-heaps and mortar-beds, every two or tliree blocks, with unfath-omable excavations under the sidewalks, and narrow'He must, be coin- therefore,breakneck stagings over the yawning abysses, and streams of semi-liquid mortar generously distrib-to make in the world, then Indeed we have it. Allhough tbe law per-course beif all this Broadway the most glorious thoroughfarewere made for the purpose of meeting the public eye,anu so were the replies to them. It might be toomuch to ask the Court to try these Issues, but if the mits but one-third of a street to be used or occupied he replied that love might change, (Elliot);builders onIBusteed,Edward Congress from CaU-pleaded guilty;day yesterday,or twob beforetory might be necessary. The complainant had put>- manity, 1 call upon you as the champion avengsr was about two months old do not kno-,T who wasTbe first cause moved onGuoLS, was toat of William Mulligant indicted forIn this Court,yesterday,before Judge BnasBL,lislied fendantof the child.toe first casewasAdams,todictel forsaygoeswitness that to be the case supposedthe foUowmg cases wUI be taken np CALEMOAB.:theit is not an uncommon thing to see two-thirds of Utile atticbuildingduringprocess—tOUET MORRISSET OSof Mabsabst O'Haea, she ad-with Mrs. Buech—occupying the position of go- travel and business. Remonstrance Is entirely out of pay w-ashing;deposiUonsroom,and he only five dollars a week paid"Srial-Uiey extend the area ofMrs. house with her;;with her; the child at that Ume 1 be prisoner will be sentenced in ais to enforce the ordinances In relation to en-sidewalks,from the down-towncan remember a there on the 'Jlst October, and goingvery aggravated case, the prisoner having porsael aThe Pony Express.;fomia.impanneUngoftoejury occapiedalongMichael Indicted for in the first McCarty, robbery andNew-Yoeb, Monday, Nov. 19, 1660. w here she with.dressing other43ottrt admitted this testimony of the character of that were wiiiing uj go into the manner In which Mr. draw the pony. Our mall contract being extended, sent from Boston to Isabella Sergeant, delivered at lo leave his house, and the prisioner having refused to^companyoC Feahcis Hdbeabi), the defence in'the first place ob- llCBcii hail treated Mr. CoRsma and his family. we shaU continue the semi-weekly pony from St. Jo- No. 80 York-street,toereuponremandedfi«t de- ,V„^^°"j;fl*i£31and then claimed to introducedence. He also objected to the deposition of Caihab- be true. It was not fair to assert the liberality, fair- seph,Brooklyn.oonly true, but that half They'"time after the first day of December next, and so run-three yearsa child about four weeks alter she cameatthebirth John ;proceedingning untilNew-Yobi,Monday,Nov.19, ISCO.Mrs. B.was about the house again ten or eleven ttis. Fer.trm testified that she resided in Ntoeteenth-—. ,. _ ji ft. ,. „ ;_lan-.p;; Jovce and Robert Jackson were next James Joyce and Robert JacksonTo tke Editor qf Ike Xevi-York Times:Morrissey's quarrel, public gambling house, and he hadbar, johltly on toe 23d of Sep- in the case was somewnai.k- n«tIIyouchangedhis handITheProph\vas made as previously descri;>ed;told himThat the services were not services, nor en- salvage1655, and that the harshness of Mr. Bcech com- issue, subject to any objections that might be taken into the room with him, and they all went down stairs 250, as salary due him as one of the Justices of the nessmenced at that time, -and w-as increased in 1657. Mr. BcECB wished to show that at that time he had been exerting liimself to serve Mrs. Buech's brother in get--when the depositionsshould arrive.O. Ja.togetlier when thev returned from the theatre, he ;went into her sleeping-room with her, and staid allSupreme Court,April 16, 1652, authorizingting a situation for hirn;1CityIiicnaibrancesln Brondway. Kkw-York, Saturday, Nov. 17, \iCQ,To the Edd'jr of the Neu-York Times:night;-which he objected was^ that of Joseph B. Dogqbt, asirrelevant The sum and substance of the afiidavitwas that Mr. Doggit was a groceryman, and that Mr. by the allegations and answers, he hat been serv-ing of your columns for the correction of popiUar abLiscs,BliBOB bought groceries of him and paid for them. He Mrs. licBCH'6 lamilv, and that, as late as last .-summer, 1 lake the bberty of a.sking a he-aring in your truly Itrovvn) li\ed at Jlrs. Simpson's; she did not know mand, contending that it was an unconstitutional al- for disturbing the peace, when Officer Olive"r preferreddid not wish to have the case incumbered witti suchjouriKd—so pleasant to see one's own suggestions in print;;and a-coniplainta on nie."Mr. Bobch had p.-i'idadraft for the of Mrs. supportfor two reasons— because it first,saw several men at Mrs. Simpson's she never staid at tie house of tlie witness, and nolowance. This actionHe dre»- .BuBCH'a mother. The evidence objected to was ofler- ed to show the extent to which Mr. Bcech providedAshave on former occasions granted the useshe had known her tor two;himw-ards five or six morevaluableisMr. DavidsonfA felonious assault, saying,you;;accordingly,against theMr. Vajc Aehax, for Mr. Bcecb, said the answer of for his wife's comfort and happiness. They did not and second, because 1 honestly lliink the evils which canie there to look after her ; saw Sirs. B.-ow-n when tl'C Comp^troller, pnt in a demurrer to the complaint. for;ne>l the Court thiit tliev had loiirteen or fifteenj! 'street and did washing and Ironing for a livingsage of the actand the Supervisors proceededtwo officers were sent, and after-;Valted States Clrenlt Cent. Ber«n Hen. Judge BfaipmAS.sion of toe vessel for the voyage remained with the owners.rived, when Mulllgaj^as finally coaxed to go out of toe house.;foreignonly affords ground for an Implication that she nowgetback themoneyhs the vessel for the payment of the charter money, and expended. that the claimants have acquired no right by the bill ofwastherefor three years ;The court-room was crowded wito;lady comingaway Nov. 5, IfcjS; her name was Miss Valpemem- of the gen-the .y;)she was there some two or. tlitee wreks before he saw her,.saw a genUemanThe prisoner was .defended toree counsel by—Thatthehirersofthevesseltookthebill ofI-idin^OncroEscxandnationthewltaessstatedthathehadJCRISDICTIOS^ TOWAGE.of the witness that Mrs. Buboh wanted BuBcn and his nelce proved an act of the grossest in- testified that he had been told what those expenses Humphrey H. Crary vs. The Brig Ri«4.—This case should do no more bustoess in New-Tork.suppositionhim to shut upand Mrs. Buaca alonehim to wait when other company was there, and nottothelibel. Thelibelclaimed to recover for towing the brig from Port Jefferson, L.the house so as to leave Mr. Stdaetdecency taking place between them in his own house wereit was for the support of Mrs. Brown at Fort the expenses were for the supporting of hiscame up on exceptionsdidn't seem te be very angry, "lie,isauoid man, and it wouldn't do for him to be angry wito sack a person as Mulligan." Morrissey ordered Mulligaa;al«o as to Mrs. Boecb's telUng—and far more conclusive than any deposition rela- Lee tive to the gnllt of his wife. This evidence of flagrant wife;;could not state the timeI., to New-Yorkfor services in drawing the vessel; it was sincehis wife the first time he saw Elliott was on the;inhe had of his wife's;;the prisoner, officers, and Morris- sey didn't stand withto several feet of each other; they " didn't dare to stand nearer ;" MuIIigah had a ; wit- ness thought that Mulligan's pistol was a self-cocking; it was not a Colt's revolver.•There were no lur'Jier witnesses for toe prosecution,and Mr. opened for toe defence m a brief ad- Phillipssetting forto that toe prisoner, while to a public gambling house, where he had a right to 1)6, had beenBoston, verballytime of hearing this from Smith and the forming ofonebusiness whenhe ;he that was the first stis-belongsvisits from a an genllcm.in,costs was er-he was simply introduced as "Uncle Charley;" ness heard Aliss Serjeant give that name to him, bii:the person mentioned wasTracy._she knew of his taking Miss Sergeant to the theatre once, and she once saw him come from Miss Sergeant's room supposed the man men-•and six or sr ^en oilier officers came in, and the arrestmorningeffect that she lived at No. 103 \Vest TwentysLxtli-toat on theeveningman ever came there with hershe was in the family way, before she went to Fort;;her after her return from Fort Lee saw againit was deteraiined to pro-to her, and then kept her;Mrs. Brown told Mr. Elliot she did nohtelove himc ;Mrs. Brown then went to a Mrs. Corr inbefore whibh, co-ansel askei tluit .Mulligan might still re- The Conip'.rollc: claimsntohat, by shparlolvitsteioincrea'-ed main on bail. But Judge Gould decided that If hestreettime, also for her InfantBrown's washing; she (wluiess) always called her;"has always done Mrs.Mrs.Brow-n,andthechild,CharleyBrownbut Mrs. Brown afterwards told her that her name was Brown.the lirst time she ever knew Mrs. B. she was called Miss Ser-geantMrs. Brown told witnesastthFaotrtMrL.eeEllble forkeeping.;oubludt Mrs. B. told me she did not think she would stop with him she had to live In aand Terminer.For Sentence—Already Convicted—Charles Man- hattan, Stephen Gordon, James Enrlght, John Eagaa, Gustave Lmdenmuller.of erection, give her a good living;THE "FANCV" INTHE STA.ND—THE Forthe womanshe had no money whateverIn this Court, the yesterday,jury,;Squatter Sovereignty."in the name of imperiled limbs, life, liberty and brother Lee saw Elliot sence of twenty-thr* hours, with a verdict ofpaid her fareBrown aifntera theantemweentn-thotuosekeeipuinNgineteenth-streetthe book produced by counsel was a receipt-book con-next smlty pleadedbad determined to with- tainuig receipts for parcels deliveredfor sentence. John'jBoxins, indicted for -^""""yhad lived toeregot acquainted with her a year from last April Brown lived at toat time with her orother, John Val-his duty, waspeytherepaid her for her;; Mrs.she know-s Mrs. Brown;:a member ofAs was liis thissecond offence lieValpeywhen nresent or shorter oe — with watch for —Souto Platte to Placenille,) to eemi-weekly,present services.toem, but did toe wasUng of the family two daysFort Lee.Mrs. B. had a doc-had he havmg re-Very respectfully,Orrics OP the Amebicajion li.rncd compla'i-nant- ;Jury, a vreirdict of Not;believes Ittoe American and United States August ; had met ber at different times since ; she listen to toe witness' repeated urgings to go, replyingtotended for the use Valpeytald she lived a secluded life ;witness drew Uiepleaded guilty"inlh'f fa'se'o'f^teiSUn Walcto,Untitled Document;;never knew of while she was ac-wltoess saw a great deal of Mrs. Brownloons pocket and put It to his coat pocket;toen sent for hispistol &om his pocket, and to a very excited and;;;D(-n't come any nearer;"' Oliversentouttorhelp,;;The;erty.lowed by toe law, ten years to tlw State Frlsoo.sawto ject matter.of the Court over the sub-the house ;" Morrissey then went out for an offi-;ttpoa a (fstol eral principles to disprove the charge against the de- Lee ; he did not tell him that the whole of that money that all tbe had been seized by the Collector at in Mulligan's hand, and went to arrest him ; prisooerMr Becwhiko 1 mean that it Is admissibleongen-undervaluation. The afiidavit ol one of the firm showed crossexamtoation wltoesshow 1 pray for them. My heart aches to think 1 may Mr. Millbb, in replying to the argument on the mo- fendant. A3 a link In a long chain of circumstances he gave her was expended at Fort Lee. or before thgeocoodmsmencement of the first suit. The said, " Are you after me agato !" told liim he was never see them again. And yet,~Alr. BcEcn has prom- tions to suppress certain depositions, called" attention it IS admissible. Cross-eTamination resumed—His wife promised to affidavits In showed that the were en- when Mulligan asked if he had a warrant, witans ised that I should, and I believe him. to the answer of Mrs. Bobch, which said that Mrs. Mr. Vam Aeuas—I will assume that he will prove live with him again before the articles of separation tered on opposiitnivoonices, and were goods at dif- showed bis shield and said, " That is my warrant ;•.Again, will you pray for rae? Will you ask Mr. Bobch was often afraid to ask complainant for money all manner of conspiracy? Your joint prayers with mine to defray the ordinary expenses of the householdmay be answered. Will you write me as soon as you that she has frequently, with the knowledge of the iniiuire whether this evidence is admissible, and ap- reasons for this, but would not tell him what they usual way, as he received notice from the Collector,he made no attempt to infiuence her against Held expense, to borrow one or two dollars from a young issue is whether the defendffct is guilty of adultery. coming to New-York, but he asked her what she faith orbyBtnaca to pray for mecan conveniently ? Inclose the letter in an^nvelope complainant, been obliged, in order to defray such plicable to Uie issue. What Is the Issue ! The sole wereshe had particular;suits were Instituted by the District Attorney in thety ;,thatheprovesMr.Boech weredestroyedto be a vile and miserable wretch, and then I will iu- said she had changed her mind;;after the articles were destroyed sheferentprisoner said he did not recognize toat autoori-as toe officers moved towards Irim he said, he was armed, and they had better keep away fromthat she has frequently The issue is not what caused her to be guilty—nor as would do in New-York" Mulli- to it that the statute of gan, put that pistol down ;" he also saw Mulligaalafly guest of the householdAIBAST, May 18, 1860. asked the complainant lor ten or twenty dollars for to v^-hat was the motive of this prosecution. The sole work for a living, as she always had done.sole evidence as to Mr. Buech's crimiuality was un-do not now recollect the precise language I employed her." The complainant therefore had introduced the French woman saw Mr. BcBCii taking an indecent of the plaintiff. He testified to that fact, and swore King'swBiethnchthaenmdionf the Supreme contended forWitness—Jio, Sir.fore I left Chicago has been used to my prejudice. I not defray such expenses with the sum thus given ri liable, and simplv tbe statement that one day the The next witness was Henry H. Brown, a brothermuch surprisein writing the letter, but 1 am sure 1 had no idea that tetiimony of the niercliants who supplied Ids household lilerty witli tbe young ladv in his hoiue. if an act of that he resides in Boston;I was writing anything Khich couid be construed in to show that he supplied his laniily liberallythe manner in which I aiu informed it has been con- testfmony of the bank clerks thit Mrs. Boecu had un- actual adultery be proven, and thus evidence Intro- brother as clerkBtruwl. The construction which I learn has been put limited command of money at the Mmk- lsIso the tes- duced not admlsiible under the answer It was pre the rests uittui, but iuir-i*ruuier's vmellvej &tthe re^i- that me later causes of actioiMUd aotaocrue tUl ~heard.prismerswearing ;at witnenfliahe w-as there in 1657, in also the indecency couUl be jiroven against him, could not business at No. 6 Lindell-street, and employed his—pointing a pistol at a man ?"on tlie Bight of trie occurrence, wito Morrlssey, whoe~red merely to show th-U Uifili len<'ed that it was~ofl"he siip^scs.-a.ftegOT^red Mulligan out in a peaceful maimer refosed, and Morrissey went outaU'^i1^"^iJyyil*T'l **^ being de-_Chicam,June8,1860. hadbetanevercompelledtorelinquishthesocietyof Mr.Va.nAKHAH-Itisaquestionwhetlicrevidence "\1"?"l.^^'u-'^J-'-°*PP"y,•*5-°/°..°-'-^•-'.f-°-Your note came to hand while any of htr friends to subserve Mr. Bobob's business in- of Uiis one Lct 01MAR-?^W:^Bflrprracycircumstances. ,, . , .^ ^ ,. j . . jitrol.iaJlie ^fflayftprivedbfsociety,wassurroundedovInetwsfSooiety Mr.Biio-wwiKfi—Itis simplyoneofalongchainof eyesandbalr heneversaw—the best class of sdclety In Chicago—and that she in the conduct of his brother's wifeIndecencySmyth.mentsofolher witnesses in otoer respects, except as refer is not In my possession. My .imJerstanding of The answer also allei'ed that complainant had aicdfumhis wife". It would be just as cottipeteat in the dclendant took Mrs. Brown, was interrogated as NO COSTS WHERE COUETHAS NO JUR13DICTI0S. to Mulligan having pointed a pistol at Officer MorrilLits import must have been susfirien'tly evident to you ma-Je diligent inquiries as to the probable bonelit ai y ca?e of divorce. It made no difference what was to her knowledge of the matter. She said that she ilosis Taylor et al. vs. The Ship Joseph IV^aK-fr.-This This the wimess aeclared the prisoner did not do.from ilie answer which 1 returned to it in all Chris- likely to accrue to him by Ids marriage with Jlr. BtncH's guilt. Was Mrs. BuacH guilty ? That lived at No. 59 West Twentyslitli-street with Mrs. was a motum to correct a decree. The libel in theThe next witness, Frances O'yifZ, was to toe house;prisoner said he would go out when he had fin- ;tian frankness and siiK-erity. With much sorrow on her; that this revealed the object of his mar- was li.e ti'jesuon. Altliough the depoaiiions mig'it Simpson, about six weeks in the Summer of 1359your Rcctiunt, and witli ;ui unJtigneJ desire for your riage with lier, and that through the aid of not prove Mrs. Buech's guilt, thev proved circuni- she remembered a young woman by the name of Isa- costs.Mulliganwas talkingdiieed. 'I'.h.vweie bound to make guilt,Morrlssey;;the Court—That there is no question of good;;his brother always took his meals at;pistol;;she replied that she wouldw hile toere he heard officer Oliverhaving a pistol in his band, and putting it in his coathe alsoquestion, the Courptraocftitcheis State and saying he would not go with Oliver;.;; itwasaboutseven;;;they alwaysexceptto Mulligan goout;he asked iftheyliad a warrantevi-'.lading.prisoner;case inand the establishedpocket;Morrissey.to or more ; first time she saw her. she (Mrs. The Comptroller, however, refused to pay tlie de-knew Mrs. Adeline Brow-n yearswith theof the ai-t relating to it.when toey returned;complyprovisionswito some of them offered to complain of himor diu-.inisl.cd oCiee.duringanymen could nol be beld. They wouldwas now in custody of toe Court, which was responsi-;BUr heMVnreadandwritecoffee, "rho $3^4 ofliered to consigneesvessel witlun thisshe had dark eyes;On cross- examination, wltoess suted that hi> i»,isbout threeher, but he did not know any of them member anything about their appaaranea.Anotoer recess of half an hour, eoosequeat on the non-appearance of Mr. Peterson, occurred, a warrant was Issued to bring Hr. John Wendell Into court, aad the prooeedioga ware adjourned ontU to-day, at 10 A.M.DECISIONSIKAI>MtIRAI.TT.timsesparaantde diffeient vesselsi,mpaonrdtedthat the bytahgerecelaimants on this motiporni.nciple by That it is no to a motion for coasoliJatlng ac1ioES,lJittt liiocybjwecwteionbroasht at different times, or;before going, nowavor, he^. Motion granted—each party to pay his own costs,case was dismissed for want of jurisdiction, but withshe was there all the time witness Hi Id III the Coarr-That this Court is bound by theon the night of the occurrencew lib Daney, when Morrissey came in andptdered him;cannot a givejiid^'mcntI will go out when I get ready ;"bie ," llullipan refused to go, or recognize toe of-was there were there to seetook the and witness prisoner along, toe foUowei;Sf^ ther« distarbaacepay$270 21, the;is not an avermentofficer's autoority;;tian Thomsen, for a voyage from this porteiroandback. Thecharterpartycontained on drunkennesswasnotacompetentgroundofattaakpris- of the consignors and consigoees therein. oner. Mulligan drew his pistol and pointed it at him, That the charter was not a letting of the vessel her- saying that he should defend himself; toe ofllcer theao'Neii,wassittlBgontoeedgeofthetable;wUneas toerewaslatheroom'aiMaboard,withdeeaatarathere wastahetalbaltetetro bteoiengfroantfraroom, aad back room, table,self, but a contract of affreightment, and the posses- sent tor a greater force ; six or seven more offioao ar- ADaneyElliott did not say anything about living with from a dry dock at Port Jefferson, and for a hawser out. He refused to go, and called toe witness " only;; it was not a self-cocking pistol under the act of the Legislature of not at any time pomt toe pistol at Oliver.the Board of Supervi.sors of to alio* each Justice of the Supreme Courtshe saw him comeTbe evideace of Mrs. Margaret Sales was to the for this district an additional allowance of $1,500 pcr- was at his house, armed, and toat he feared t&reit was the next down stairs.of the occurrence, Morrissey ca-ne to the station-house, and complatoed itoat MuUlgaaw-ss thenComiitrolitr. and the Corporation Counsel, acting forThe plaintiff claims that tli.it provision be so construedonlyCourt ofBII.LT UULLICVN ONTIIIAL—Oyei-obev, Morri-s-sey called in the Police togree,H*» >ii<< hr*n confi'^eatelnmcnihswim.' ^btoushtCitypi'^tolAt this point of the trial the prisoner's counsel m-niore witnesses. As the case could not therefore beTerm of the Court, before Ju^tiee SuniEaLAMi, who now decides .--dverscly to the claimant, rendering judg-the term ofexonerate toem- selves by proof of having given film up for trial. HeTRIAL NOT riNISnEE—'- billy" COMMITTED Dunnigan, TO THE TOMBS.John F. WiUiams.from theand drawn a pistol, threatening to shoot any one whoOctobeT C5!) hea wath ard el" in of the value of $150. In hisof the oroof of goo-1 wasof toeWM. H. RUSSELL, President Cross-exammed She did not live in the house No. 676Broadway, by order of Capt. Dilks, of the taken the only safe-keeping Theschedule will resumed.,sayhigh/,iie,>-"nHtn<ML«inlHnrlrr.^.,..1house ;" wimess told prisoner that he di^ln't want any-11)6prisoner refused to leave, as it was a knife, upon Michael Lanahan,bat hea a ris-ht tember last. The evidenceficer's auihofitythe officers following him upto lay a hand on me ;" he thento THK t'l.AIilA.NTS O.N DESIUK- to finoilior poc.iiet, and nut on' his left hand, saybig,;Oliver took it out of his:toepistolORTHE STAND.demanded by wliat autoority toe order was ma le ;as toe officer advanced toward the ;at alLThe first wimess called by defence was Officerhim, putting his hand mhis pocket at toe same tine in the District-.Utorney'B wltoess then had his attention drawn to tiie front par-;went lor md^-e officersheard Morrissey say, " Ain't toat enough to arrftst awould be bloodshed; he wished a force sent to metMulligan,his safeiiilLted over night; and he was accordingly taken to the Tombs.The Court toen adjourned to this morning at 10 o'rlock, when, after toe conclusion of toe trial now on,was sentenced te State Prison for three years and six montos.'1"^„w^a^s and with totent to do bodily haim, aadwas next out upon In^d-eject him. fuhjlian who had '''TMf'''tLo ""gIl^l,satainiidi tkihievwduAi.sjc»-hianr»gABe"d".* ,f rheumatism. On tbe 1 0th ofaf^sa" said Morrissey;^"^; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 