 t^EW YOIiK HEBALD. THlTBSDAT, AUGUST 23. 1860.ifti •iswtbrted brtetea Sxwara " ^Baiversai awafnetioB.bisliberalises toe setrtt of ceacUisttoa sol ha-mooj We SmteSer4 "5 0 * G *e r a : ***• ^awtftoMiateatlr ticn no.''l ^ *etoes of the West Weening!>npi:oc£::r»^(JsorTHE(tojrrw00^*of the Intermsage, sna to his fWBersi discharge of the duties of the1 cAAi, TOaocrmtmKgaAtamActem, August 0 , ^r-s twtea tV* •*••*• * *»*» iIre. a bnsgs targe .«eiAStaei to tIhe liminlMd. .I; » n . . ' * J thai I V i •ee.|eeee4eeehhej»ehe prats.;-:: icac-oat ratios i» to Bight's)ssateedtags.tie Cwevesttoo met at l » i » iOW'TSfBoSfCcB,, htei Wwtottag Bil!, warn. thirty three igat* wcre Irei. jiBdcpecdenee reeaae ^"•ftnaHed.ssal nererThey point to ia, ntoMaaed Batty fealtv at a meri.Tbegenenesi Ibedjref the het were a lew than afteaa toadied IJans* tii-caned the Conreotian Immikt otter than rlisten to theu>tee hail. He was fteeu fef the State••"""*- mi^iatm mZ^r forthe ' t. n. r,—'I«-«IIMWW asmecommittee chnsan pot aarttoa of the old republic an «aBttt.oi cumo.tot eleii.)Sana and:— iHafnajaaaec*...o« Rkc tooa ihe ataa|Mcioai ctrc ima'iariw amtaiteea af the refaaeama fatty ef|itneteaefMr.Mr,ever antil afterGeneral HTB—I prsipoamg the ThaPamaaanto the retorn, the Jtto, CThe adasssslbulky *>W Mh, GaylordM Hnhhefl; l*th, A H Ron- IN!, nth, j^ea A Choke; t«h. Junes H. Wltel; L«h. Jatiway Xamtoa,' W « , B. H MTfle; lath, Henry a Cmn uati tfth. ramuel M Weed: 17th, Kranck E Spmner- }»ii. Joseph H. Ram/'T l^.t H. R. Waaaburae-, shth, e«*f«*?*syton; |L^_^'< M ^_W Worer: sht, Dewttt C. lUtWoae; XU ft. aheoa^ray; SMh. Thomas T Bafhi; MWi,firnee Arthrr tfth, '•»«* C. Smith; *7th,J BMaaher; SMh, B. W MeyM; ^^•..•^^T&snaamjlgth, nwajamia Prntxle; 31st, Henry P. enuih 32d, C. 0. Poole 33d, W. Nickastry.The committee then withdrew to coaaelt oa the for electors at lsrreGeneral Nrs. fcr the crpose ofOFO^CC UkaU lbs? f t etspss, vvOfl^TYflgsHthe name of their district. Carried, aad U » e < ctor»l tickst named:—raUrcads and ac active VYtasVaxeetThey adduce, as aeditnj. these Tctsed bills haa a fair verncr: that they findof harassesteallBB m Caldwell, a deputy«Uf head af the o-- - - - -at ea-w i t M or the eaanaaaatai party el taoaaato, loa«red a r«*>4at«o& ua Saver of prahJbttiag alaaery h a l e v tern lertai foe*, SF'OIR. that reaelotam wan aaaaaaal andfaMdnames af tore electees at torea. J->aJ»C. S a m .moveo tnat Mr. Engtend be admittedMr. Bic>K3M.T.af Kiasa, the motion. He statedrear*use to want he believed to be the universal senti- niousand wicked, sinee not a single measure which baa ber, from these poin:s —Buffalo, Now York city via Newment ef the party of the State, 1 more that E. D. Morgan been characterised as unjust sad corrupt could have Haven, Boston, Aibaay, Norwich aad Burlington, Vt. beloved wife ef Michael Doud, aged 36 years.a*f to reaatie him.her.<—Fee yeof partUliiy hi nw eeliberatioej I returnthe fi tends or with the Goactive advocates Mr.— jarI irst diatriet. Jehu A Kmf: Becead, Ldwards W. ftMra aeered the vetoed bias thrasgh the House 8 tor Setcoaflict —(land applaeae)—wbtah kia aeaatag laaawrt toraimtaate hi rtotoryJ (Loadrardue nv- br sajuij that that proapdet of rtctary•tciaUc «rate£-; to ate. thirteen jeara aaje, in the Con- gate tresamThird, net agreed Fcsrth James KeBy; Fifthmaad fthnf maan: Siath, Frederick Kapptrghth. William A. Parling: Ninth, WI1-tson. Tenth, George M Grier. Eleventh, Item H RobertsonRnfas H. Sing Twelfth, Jacob E. Carpenter: Thirteenth. Jean T. Wmatew; Fourteenth, Jacob H. Taneyeh: Fif tecbtn, K. sMsse Shehton: Sixteenth, Robert ft fmftr. Seventeenth, Abijah Beckwith; aashteenth, Henry Chur- chfli: Nineteenth. James R. AHiben Twentieth, Benjamin N Himt»|r>a;Ta«tyn^st,BbernnnuP.Fhmebum, who voted for thepasssge of each oae 'over the veto, Mr Rjebaresea, the Oerk ef the Aasemby, who wa' high cpm tl.e confiseace or thore who were pushing atonethe sbaoxkms meataras.Tbes they say the veto of the fimi|iBaaiisi WH was scruel pteee of deceptam. That the Governor invited tae friends •• the measure to make the appJiestiOB for a sob sidy-ease waged them epeniy to mature the measure, while, at the tame time, he and ha private Secretary and bta confidential friends were secretly eassaatl theyea tae table Thereupon I, toaahhat with othera who and .naunctiagJudiciala fun electoral•hh component nartoatreed with me. retired tram the Oaerantioa- (Load aptl<-k't, and that each «aecnod, John D. Foote Twaaty third, Biraa Dewey; could to strangle the bOl before It should reach the exemauK.) wb.«hI coczratsmto yon, gentleman, that the the Sniidcia rpjecwd at ahnal tot n x s a rimanaamai saasnW aeaananVflftiseethee a # ajBJanaVaMnaii^nnam V f C C s M f VTwenty fourth. Jasses L Voorhies: Twenty-fifth, WtOtem Tan Master; Twenty sixth. John ft. Sreler: Twenty seventh, Frank L Janwe: T wenty eighth, J e w e s s . Wads-cat! re chamber, and that afier his veto sacs sage had been read to a friend by the gentleman (Hon. Benjamin Wsteh, Jr.), who bad prefaced tt, the Governor gave these inte rested reason to hope that he weald give the aaaaaswhat aanettoa.They ^ay, too, that he vetoed the Interest bill test year, When the aartiacates were in the- bands ef the contractors who bad earned the aamay, sad that he signed the same bill tbi- year, when the certificates were te the hand- af the neakeis, who bad been able to buy them up at a shave when they wort depressed,far the reason that the Governrr had interposed hi objection to the fragment of interest.They aay, too, that the Governor designed that all the.1 The Ttctorv ia xmpuet hatara an to net 10 an m weftwho hare as nobly worth; Twenty nBBth.Exra M. Parsons; Thirtieth.Charles•' %xmv*j the victory ef a party—tt at a enttary that wtH cal: berk tae zoreromeat iw the urlnetptee of:t 4 i ittiU.cs toat will raiablwh the prtacipte!'U" ii f na*.ioaa;.aa*ary aeational -thai every Tern tor; apw or hereafter ten HiredrawSlate Uiaa I > make a king, "(l/mid appta-aw.} Thepnmp*mattie:nag nam rd5w "•MI rfpvbijcanaan Ihny snarly atutake the fjclsagt Loud applause ) believedC Parker; Thirty trr<, Elkdma Whahm; Thirty second, John Grernter; Thirty third, James Parker.•bkh aaanateaweity aaateraatoN* mamy to aha *carers. | 'This |chewitli BM in the bsavor of freedom. <Lend appavone > He believed tbat the German rote wood be aulidly cent tor the republican enndioatea. and that the bells of the snaasdMea wooJd, m NoTember. *DUthe funeral knellofthedemocracyand the anion coalition, (applause.)Gen. NYS was esaseeed to the format tin of an electoralcago Convention, and Mfounc corroborated by the manner tawhichthevetoesweresenta, beingsogrouped aa to invite log rolling and consequent tucetsfTbat bto tirade against the lobby was a sham battle,in which nobody was intended te he tejured; bat thepublic ear tickled wMh a straw, pliant with a rattle.For that, ac<withstanding ate pubhahed purpose tocrush out the lobby, he chose almost all his appointeesfrom among those moat given to lobby tabor, and whowere known to have always aa "mteresf in 'bigthings They mataace the j names of Bans Tan \al- It Is B e y a a d D i e p a t e t h a t H s U s w a y ' tappuaea to frudam aad repabtieaaomen Mr an rather than anLei the damaerani andno a happyhernia or rupiure. MAKSI1A CO., No. 2 vesey street. N. V.taeir haaniTi the matto, 'Erinof the Cocgrefsionat districts to present each its own C pinribua vi »i*^ v^auf Ervr>iusa aaamasenburgh, Captain Sabults, A. P. •arbor; Lou* louse bury and others, in proof tbat the lobby were paid sad recompensed to fat offices for any damage to their feel tegs they might have Buffered by reason of Use paragraph for buncombe which graced the message.Then they ask why see Governor signed the Ninth Ave- nue 1'ailroad bill, and think they hud an answer te the fact Uat the Governor had a terse interest te the Hudson River road (of which he was once President., which to to use the Nteth avenue to reach the new freight depot at the old Atlantic Gardens.They appeal to the friends of Mr. Seward to answer how the Governor showed ate party loyalty on the desperate field of Chicago, and they expect the Seward men to an- iwer that question a a way that woukl be more emphatic than compiimeniaryAs for the Governor s contribot one to the party trea- sury, they say his contributions are mainly for himself, and tbat he takes goad care always lhat his Immortals friends aball be the disbursing agents of his contribu- tions. Taey alleire that on the day toe test primary meet- iniis of the party were held, the Governor came to New York with bis next friend (Mr Weed), and boldly and absolutely bought up the city: expending to the purchase ef the stock of delegates the sum ef fifteen to eighteenameat will heal the most virulent deaeripboa of old aorta ulcerated tags, Ac, te five or six days at moat. Fia which Di HOLLOWATstakesafiftyyean' reputation.HALL—WAI-USSI.—fm Tuesday, Aufust 21, at St. Luke's church,Brooklyn,bytheMOT.JI.W.Dilter.to FASXT dsugbter of Charles C.HAcrwariis- Mcftrjrza.—On Monday, August 3D, ia Hoboken, at the residence of the bride's father, by the Bar. Y. W. Bruce, ASORXW M. HAOXKMA*, ftsn,.. of Ra mapo Valley N. J., to Eatav Aues. second eldest daugh- ter of Bobert Mckenzie, of Hbeoksn.BARTOS —In the city of August 21. SAXAH .urx, wife of years.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral, an Friday at two o'clock, from the lecture roam af the Secoo< church of Kliraheth. Carriages will he at the depot to the one o clock train irom New York.BrLuacs —Oa Wednesday morning, August 22. SABAH Aunt, daughter of Amos Billitp, sged 10 months and 9 days.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, (rem ** Madam avenue, this (Thursday) afternoon, at three o'clock.BRASS-OS —On Wedaeedey, August 22, Lore? ftajsaoa, in the 36th year of bto age.The funeral will take place this (Thursday) afternoon, at three o'clock, from 148 Mulberry street.Pbtladerphia papers phase copyBROWS.—<a Wednesday. August 2ft, Jaaas PaxaroK BROWX, son of Jamer and Margaret Brown, aged •months aad 27 days.msea toApfply biseel Cure Trues wuh success to eflecuas saisisatiiil eureasf>ek ofWaea, Braadtos andAJtTgrjBjcMaTliaXJU Ma. fifMew York.yoe, gentkNew Ydrfe at h< be Metbills >boukt be passed ever hi- vetoes, aad the po-itivetan equal far baasatfy- held at all.Hair, Hair, Hair -I «« Dr.CALF'S Cumartaai, and be eonvtaoed tt to ha at article forkUJMTrtInat anre for Lmeotn aad Bamlin— what cocree may be piiianmt by oartnat thinOil•"atiwiwillhaw. Principal depot 499 Broadway, and saosU by sA druggists.with a seaeral stackbe declared unanimously nominated for the office of far D. C Goraner of the State. (Ioed apptauae, the Convention W:naio* but for J N. Stearns, who i as elected from the rising, waving bate and handkerchiefs, and giving roundpassed either branch of our Legislature without the This horse show promtoes to be the largest ever held in nearly nnanimons vote of the ileaim islii members; aad that cityMr liegtand was not thesame dtatriet with Mr. Winetow. hh. atenrne was pre- aftor round of enthaq attic applause.)that the republican party, pledged aa one of its cardinal measures te srrest the shamefureorniption of the federal government, can have nothing but condemnation to express for ofttetel corrunfon at 1Resolved, That it behooves the people of the State zea-P e n n s y l v a n i a P o l i t i c s . HASaam-ab, Pesa., August 22.1S0O8TEA.EE8 A MA ETIN. BMearner af Worth street. Newsent and Mr. Jk C STins tow had aaWltelei Mr. Jefan ffnaiow as lui SDhstitnte.Juasj i WAiwwosBra—I move, as an amendment, to add m the same vote the name of Robert Campbell tor LK-utentnt Governor of the State of New York. (RenewedThe Coattitutioaal Union State Central Committee met in this city today. Every Congressional district in the lously to watch the use made of Its grants of franchisee State was represented. Cheering accounts were receivedMr lu \r- m argaed that twe delegates aad two a'tersates had asea etoeted in the district.] but neither alter applaose. the Convention ana galleries giving round after oate bad been saetjaed to any particular sansyjssa. He round of cheers. >held, therefore, that Mr. Engiaad. aa in alternate, had a N-STBU* CBAKT, of pt. Uwr«Bce—-As a delegate from a t^.ai aueeriar to that of J. Waslow (o the teat. county that, will give the ticket 9.0UO majorit;.. I secondto corporate bodies, and that they should not hesitate at from all parts of the Statemail steamship Parana, at Boston, WILLIAM EWTXL, of Bel- fast. Ireland, aged 75 years.Bellatt papers please copy.Fxxms—0» Wednesday, August 22, after a Uagering illness, WILLUM WALLAOX, only child of Dtvid T. and. Elizabeth Kenton, aged fi years, &months and 19 days.Dear Willie, thou art sleeping Beneath the crypresa tree.And many an eye is weeping;. And long will weep for thee.The grave doth cow enfold thee Within its narrow cell.No more can we behold thet:. Bear Willie, fare thewcll.The reta' ives aad friends are invited to attend the fu- neral from tooresidence of his parents, 584 Broome street, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two o'clock. Hawill betakento Greenwood.FOLSV.-OB Wtonasdsy> Aagpsl22.Mrs. Maav a native ef Oai Parteh county Waterford, Ireland.The friends aad acquaintances of the family are invited to attend her faaeral, front Jaw tale residence. 34 Oak street, that (Thursday) afternoon, at half past twoiaeonvetieat-f to the pauent, by Dr. ZACHABIE, Bui Cturrpocpftt, 70' Broadway. Befers to PhytletanB sad geoe- of the eity.Tae Conventionn rsessa until half past twa111,111 aMSeU•'"a••iti|Lp»oi aarp aaastaatvaaa GOOPwi> —AX.VA EIIZA GocrwiN, sged 14 years aad 6 M«»Meopieaaftatnog tae rstiam ef the CBasealtoa seoeial delegatiaaesad the squatier sovereign reigns over the negure'"rViiev^t—oaaaaa M. O a k , ef Sara ** Y. Efctbraok, of Mem Terk.taithandREADY OB TBtrBSDAT. THE tSD OF D. •PPLKTOft A CO.,'•M f:W« * * an. torn by Uh-W <rj«*«it4ti««. aad C*. rest *re n*vw to be Sie«ied. Permit me to Brteke on y w de•Uertita*a ne&neei eoatroversy with o-ir opeoneuW 'the'most kaefticieits omme. Sectional divisions mene: »£:raoslties arc the only poi.Uca! capital ofthe dtmocrar>. pernsit aw to congratulate yen u;m the • eertoint> ef the final success el reputeteaa prinetptes hi n r netweal couaeia, The sal anal standard ^ wpublJcsBiaai • held ay a head la which *ave entire coefletace, Abraham Lincoa. of H* - **•**assured Halt arhim it will never below-Iliino*. a* ..,» w b M i ; f it easels the oehorto of dis-J ) n raotioB of DAVID DTOLSY Frsu> the Omvaatii... —- took a recess till seeea P. it w»Teataa lataIOta the adjoarnment firing «f eaaace n , „ - , „ , . — .bill,offhv'CHysatUrendihffla,eftheBasqaehaered ia thw r**> Leattaor » areaiie*>- tae serai.*** «**posmtar soTeraiga. ^ aa*.*•«° <*toin Foe freesrrrcrmtm. Theamoaeata of the BovCTaor saT.— Mty But, ^i-aUrates, 1«*T**«• ""T~ "Ware me alarmlhat the rtef of bis vetoes" was the ring af a eracksdthe hoeieem of the CBBVSBIMSB' _£*•* * -CGanmLassf •aWllIK, the aanefevjta pare. O *»W B 0ve-twrpt^^-^tsS| k??,*^*^*^^^"^ That they were net Isooest vetoes—that they were gotCiaesO. eekgntes ofiegtor Pwrib; t i g l "fought the battle >>f Isaac Skasmmthat the electoral ticketand that it naeiild he made toacter aad ability ef the repnbhCaa party, withoutmleiy to locality He was willing that the committee C(iaeTe8si<-nal dattrict be nominated by a committee oi ahoeid conattt of oae from each Osssjrreaakmal districtGee. N n — O h , w e are all one party.en Reeolations —1st district, ftroj. We!iOi, Jr., David Dudley FaMd, andF.. Deauteld Bmiih: $d, C. Patterson, of yueeas. aad Geo. M. Grier, of orange: ,3d. L K CoUins. of Aibaay, and John T. Hogebcom. of Columbte: 4th, George8. Satchel der , of Saratoga, and Samuel M- Mead, of Franklin; i t h , DC. Littlejj-hn. ofUswego, and A. W. Clark, of Jefteraon; -Jtb. Bexu F, Rexford. of Cheaango, aad Samuel P. Baa- sell, of Mad ana i 7th, James & Wadsworth, ef Livmg ston. sad Wifthan tterk, of Wayae 8th, John G. Meat- reau, of CsMarangua, aad Peter J. Murphy, of NUgara.J.a.Warn,of New iork.movedthattheConvention arw proceed to ballot for a candidate for Governor.street, without further notice,Auhern (N. Y .) papers please ropy.CrssmBBAB—On Wednesday •sonatas', Bag-uni ZZ, BUM **"•"•>• J'—'" •rkwowtadrMl ia thaa rountrv to beE. DBLtrakn Surra—Mr President. m order that the republican party may present an undivided froat ea theArrangements have Been made to transport horses both ways free of charge to the fourth National Horse Show,Belfast papers please copy.Doro.—On Wednesday, August 22, Mrs. Aaa Dorp, thealienation by the fundamental law. deserve the fostering State Assemblybe adeptod to govefa the Canveatioa. forwhichitaas nearproposedtobenominatedbyaccta- careoftherepublicantarty, aid will amply repaythe agreed to. mat on &mie then there has been some little mteonder- state for their protection; that we contemplate with s e t a L DaiAiiK&i SSCTH moved that when the Convention stantiing betweec himself and the a m gentleman namen faction the result of a republican adrntetatrattoa ef theAa Alleged DefaalUag Postmaster. Caicaoo. August 22, lsdO.J\R. H. .'ASfES nr&COVKRKD WHTLEI.V THE EAJT Of. J ' dies a eertate cure 'far OoBaiuaptiaa, aaatesa, Bssav chitia. Ccrxha Colds aad General Debiaij Tae tSilas eaav ta ntas fun directiona for niakiag and s'-.eeeaafuilv ostast Bate innedy. w:l. b< sect oa •*-- rirr in nf • asssi" fia ittasm poataire. AddremO. B BBOWK a CO., Jetasy OBy. MTAT^—' " • ' • • '•• I l|lll •INI .1 — — — —DR. aetTExWns- PATENT ATMOSPHETtfC PtVATMB Artifcial Teeth, a saott woocleriul asaaasBaarsB M rerley pteer, near Broadway.BFAFTflftB AND SIGHT.DB. VON MOSCHZ19EEB. the haartag in foe aaoat eteaaa all aisaaaea of the eye and ear107 Cthrton ptaeeDP. LLIMKR DENTTBT. REMOVED-IJ {jftXaTassaeeS'Os§aaisntioa r—» atiimofciiv, aad that be did not suiter iiersonai feeling to First dmtrist—David Ondhry Field aad Owea W. Bros interfere*with public drty. (Applause aad laughter.)vesterday. aad taken pass in.ion of by ageat Alexander, of the Post C thee Departaaast. Workman haa been absent some months.•Mam. <H gWtjfW YWriK*Wd & anhbcil, ThudiLyon,ofSixthCornet, of Toman:ins.^venth daarict—Lew* dark, of Wayae.l.iejathdiiBtrtet Wm. Bristol, ef F Marahy. af Mmeanla*jtc DATSOMmawad that allfawiTUtec on Resoiutieas without T 6 Saa::aAa> of Kmga,te tae tablea rate was token and the countLOB aas then laid aa the . .<•** A. OaasaB, afBasrani daaricta State Central Conoavittce forTawAlier name d aramian. T. G. daaxatas saoved to postat aattl after the aaaafaeat ergaaimtiea.The jT.t-iMivr—The Convention has heard the motion which has iieeA. douMy seconded (Applause.) Gentle- men th<- e .o, favor ft the nomination of t. D. Morgan for G«v-raor. atal Babeitt Campbell for Lieutenant Governor,GSASB ThomasBChurchwasgreat by the cfemocrata ofMich., August 22,1860. yesterdayforCo*district.and PeterWUsoa: Passed Asshttftat Surgeon Laws: Purser dark, sad Chtef Engineer Newell.forreferred to the Cooveauoo.Loud cries were then made for Gen. NTB,hurried as to the platform, sad fat s brief sadaidre>s, congratulated the Convention on the result of its deliberations. He bad recently cease from Maine andcouldgive glad tiding? from thatStele, which weald giveSOOCOma.ority for Washburn the repubhcan candidatefor Governor He remembered s whig seat which agedto grate harshly oa bat ears te 18*9 —"6b have youheard how old Maine went, went, went. It went hell evening wag bonoiably dkcharged. beat for Governor Kent, and Tippecanoe and Tyler too.is law, Peter Denning, are respectfully invited to attend or tn order, for 17, m HTJNT'a, 430 ~ her funeral, this (Tnarsday) afternoon, at two o'clock, fromthe residence of Catherine Fitepatrtok, No. • Gesrek ftAABIAN HABLAND'S NEW NOUEI. street.willsay'-ay*."* AkmdaadnmmiawassJErnattrveTeteWhen the asa litre Convention now exhibitedJgaasries saanac a the excttssasat af the uw , w » — , - ~ UmsheutoofappausMwere only suspended to break out afresh with leaewed eaergy. Waeaaforth ea>e guns were paced as the side of theoppaar.e the na%comBieaned awajft, aad the rapid asm tendWa^tnxGTOir, August 22, ISov. Chpteia Mercer baa been ordered te the command ofreports for i t t e e interrupted further proceedtefs of theThe destination of the vessel is notThe CaseannouncedWhen order wasj restored, Mr. COOK, of ftJreene, moved to proceed to ballot for a candidate for theofitee of Caaal Comnmaattener.Mr. DAva, of Ceioaitega, stored to amend by iag •irarf-eMr Cock accepted the arraandasant.J L.UIUB, of Naer York, wtth ssmsoarate mtaated Gen^ rHace, a f Mawteaa. (Aseaauee.)B. T Rsxraar saesjsssaw 8. H. Barnes, warn to his honesty aad tfneieeey.C. B. MBxiwacK aominalsd Alfred H. Horay, efga, pay teg a compiimaol to hte character sad hat rough competency tor the ofiare.J C. Ssrmt nommated iieerge Geddea, of (Ami sore )B WELCH, Jr., moved tbat Mr. Sharp, «r Ulster.--W.de Awake clubs nrrirad. Tae "TmUh Legion." Mr Dayton, of Nee York, be appointed to keep a record (Laochtei and apptauae.) He assured ha baarare thatad*ML H.CtoCAGO, August 22. I860byithe worth,The names were received with repeated oemenatrationa of warm apptaoae.(ini a*ae > iMr. Fooui did not ate why the old custom should bedeparted from He urged that the committee gnoald consist of one from each Chnajreaateaal district.of New York, if they tbat had been been Bade to the German republicans ef Committee for the ensuing Tear. Carried. Tae following H (Lead ancaaaaaO the State. (Apptaase) He toitered the Garmnns of coramitteewasnumed:—will swereo an from ear New York wees, aa a body, opposed toatarery aad to First district—Geo. Opdyke, Simeon Draper an-f Jamesi'.dward N. feirtd to Uecincjarrecord while he held the semepu»i snakes to n^ht. The caaal packet boats and cheap ex-WOOD BDDT A CO.. WUaUaeton, Delaware.*> of Kuies. and Lather Chaid of BJCKUD j . twB. and te rjrgard to poputertty be dectered that Mr. cursion trains from (bwego and other places, brought aaird o«4i3 Maaniek, of Joba A. Cooke, Bowse bail done much to suite up the republicaB party targe crowd, aad the procession in uniform of wideco., a u (Thiraday) afternoon, at oae o'clock, for tetermeat. rieuratry-l>r Lart'ETM Patoat«Greene ttmrtb CbarlesCWaee. and Wulnrd J. l-«ecoek,* o' .1 ff-raan. and ^clotnea jsm t'aarfen Hathaway, ef Ma •haratou, of Chemung ftsrenUihwathwani,»'of at. Law te I3« sec;..a, of c«ctiy in which he lived. HeFlftn. J. A. ffem a pou.ua oi the 8taie where ataeh feeling was of Herhiniar. *•-tei against our nominee for Governor, aad heswake clubs, with torches, bands, music and Roman l i r a w t a g s of camtkte, was au entire success. The streets were crowd- Delaware Lotierle* —English papers please copy. , MMCCAXX —Suddenly, on Wedneasay. August fit, MCCASS, wife of Edward McGinn,aged 20 years and14daye. _.«_.!The relatives and friends cf the fhmiJy sre rmrjcctTullir invited to attend the funeral, on Friday afterbooa. at two o'clock, from the residence ef bar •*^t a ?fJ^il 'fi»\J, M John Fallon. No ltaaveaae aVeornormTmeWssreet.Ocas—(hi Wedneasay Baoramg, Aufnst fift, Parima, daughter of JeeephOchs, aged 1ft year*, 9 months aad T" ^ e relatives aad frieBds of the jfkatily, aad the Mem- bers of the CBaaregatioa aaasaael, are respsctfully in- vited to attend the fuaerai, frem the reeidimce cf her parauts. No. 78 Wes*. Twenty seventh street, thu (Thnrs aay) sfterneon, at four o'eteak, witaon tfurther teeWsatea. HriBom--OB Wedaesdsy. August 2ft, MABT danghur of George sad the hate Mhips site Pteatt ftyears sad 10 moBthsThe friends of the family are respectfully invited to at tend the funeral, from the residence of her uncle, George W Cook. Lre avenue, near Bom street. Brooklya. E. ft. Mas (Thursday) afternoon, at three o clock.- *a Tuesday. August 21, after a tedious liiaees, i . w i MAXIA SOBXX-. wire of Matthew burnersHto brothers WiBtess sad Philip, sad the ether friends aaa retalives of the family, are tar ited to attend, without rurther notice, the funeral, en Friday, from her tale rest-Xo.SOasilroadsrsaBL, Jareey Oty.WASH—In tha city, on Wsdaesday, August 24. at theBL Nicholas Hotel, Basa^. wife of Wm Ward, ef Bra sged XT years.9 months aad 25Those wbo appreetete hto Ith aad greatahcuid i exuuey ea.: and smmtai. at 12 Waeartey i Broadway.WATCHESAKD JBWSXBT ' 'AT BOBBBT BAIT A UO.B. No 241 Broadway,aadArtel8.tpectators. The ocmonstrattea was s•vera" viaiting bands of 'Wide Awakes' ibeered as they passed •long the crowdedasaaxdares.Tfce procesakL Urmed an iasposteg sad attractive windup to the bury days proceedings.Addresses wtra made after the parade by General Nye,Day ton aad others.Mtustosr Weed was serenaded thM evening, aad laFcsaax COCSTT—Ckass 0, AUGUST 22.this-..nee*-onwouldbemadetothe the trtttaeas of r«taware.Senator B*.ti nreeeatert, with appropriate remarks, the of Dr. i*mes ft. ftates.Mr J. H aruABwa i pissaalsd the name ef Gsytord B. Hubheil. af Westehester, areteg ha chums tonation at rtrsth.Mr. Ct>as insssfiiit the seaae af Cterk 1 Wayne.18,23,26.40,50,41,OmwauBATxaLo S2, 11, 6. 11, 50,00-»<69, 20,13,22,MO. ACOCSTE, Mfts,34,56, 19, 71,TT, t8. "BBXTSACO.._^_,Itteethe ftovaraor steppes aad solicited aaFrom th is well known fact taey argue tbat had hislite been spared they would have bad a resolute and de- termined tender, and a ceruiu and decisive victoryvery likely they wouklBlears f r o m S o m b r e r oH.tBFTOM ROADS, August 22, ldfiO.Tiie berk Warren has srrived bare, after s passage of fourteen days, from asaabraro Island. She has on board Joseph Iabara, the colored ringleader of the mutiny on the island, who was recently placed a the charge of the I ailed Slates author itaa.street. New %'eric.Coosrr —On Tuesday, August H of consumption. MAXYEUZABBTB Onomrr, the beloved daughter of Daniel aad Elizabeth Cooaey, aged 18 years, 2 months aad 26 days. The friends of the family and those of her uncles. Pat- rick aad Farrell Cooney. are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, thai (Thursday) afternoon, at half-past two o clock, from the residence of bar parents, No. 22 StoneU* ta>.L» in uie cooteated neat from Kings county betweenlotia Wmatew. mbatitoie for D. a Wsantew, and Mr.i*g>*mi. who appanrrd m alternate for the latter. He cand;date that hen is their ticket for State officers, sad tat sponaibility and odium of profligate legislation to calnm- to be held in that city from the 4th to the 7th of Septem irguvo that the alternate wan entit) the andAfter further dec meam Mr. lay loafs motion prevailed, themoiHn J araeaded. «Loud apptauee.,•sat Mr fogamd wan admitted to a seat. Gen. N w said that two yearn ago he had done h» best Mr Fames, of Meter. nsoved that fee rales of the hart to secure the nomination of these candidates for the officesThe Davenport Democrat akd Nem says that Samuel take a iccue. it he till half pant two H. M. Adapted. on the ticket. He now desired to second the nominatiod canals, now for the first time inaugurated te the largely Workman, Postmaster at Iowa City. ha. resigned and re- The QHUS animnneai the faitenriag! Onmasstaseon Per- of Gov. Morfsaa, ia order to chow that he had no personal itcreased reveanee aad decreased expenditures for the mined 910.000 government money. The office was ctonedTVTSEASIS OP THE LCWOS AKD J J f u U y treated hy Dr. B D. r APE, EaatTwenueaatreeL Speetelidairy.Senstot Eiftxua hssairatsd Mesas E aaais,ef Dutch- respease said —teflou citi ens aad frteadr—For the kted-i*—??—^*.*-*.HA- TtTtawABswa, F. B- Aaasa ajtoaa.essMr. StsserrLef Near York G T. Pam*Jt,of Uteter. ateof this visit I tender you my grateful thanks. I see to thai sart sFsematege of republican youag men a rei*dlkig% the watchflrm that burned so brightly te this heateaM ewe twealy years ago. Let ss iaaastaad sterisi as tlmat lwtftea- Goc«l night,cheenn;DATMt S C O ~nion S^BT, 4.457, 124?, 5.4H.MM kMA*. ti^ixiM. UJ», 14087. MUBM, ndto,: sten fi Oak*pt spincem a*tty by thre? piece*.• " "" "execatrre rhamha" ** w ' o o f ftsstrtive ef a fitness and ,v-eae3led.iThe OocTent^c reaaawnbied what?eeV at* re P « Tliere was bai . I B U t l «t«daace tottealu ^ l a l ' e i le»,n were nearh ernn*- the crowd T c i T n S l c W ^WidcAwmtm." The followfof wa ruMowed as the rommittee•eccsaary expenses ofi l T ffottomerttr-*^^ jfii ^isrs!^s^^^is^iTbat behind the srenee. the Governor who vetoed, sadM vss^' aalhea eomenrttee of two from each Jadiclel di>aalhe Judicialr.f *">, ««w* H Wattt, 7th, William Orton "gtoTLavid frcat^baeSmte.^ * the apiasmliasandteace laMr. C A. I>ASA moved that the elector for the Thir- •the New Yost delegation, to be named by the Chair. deameaa.The PxsEm.vT nominated as a committee Meatrs. Dnnn. Cnsnmlngs, Welch, 'ayton and Drlafield Smith.Mr. Panes, of Ulster, moved that the severaiJudiJiaiMr. K.vrrrnA* of Khtgn, was ghat to hear the altosion detetattons now report the names of the Stat • Central evidence of this tact was given by s Senator at the Chi-BAST DTDIA PALM ALE.7j^^tteteA^elW«5T* a prepared lo supply BoutbanScotchaaaKehy.Secoad datrict—Dennis Strange, G. H. Steadwell am!georgeT. Shermaa.Thirddistrict—<albert C Davidson. Charlesft.Ricli-ardnnnd GeorgeH- Sharp.Fourth district—WUiaun A. Dart, Thomas R. Hortonand Wm. Carey.Fifth district—Willhun H. Fesry, James ZerwilTiger aadHorace M Wrch. ^•r»ch'—<k>nd amgha md cheen |—and i B will seat- elector- It had been prop that the Ooagraeakmal de Sbrth district—Giles W. Hotchkies, George W. Chase>rtng. skaaaaw. sawssejnamhssasjfyteg eieaaategtha Iketor appreheaiion ticket by means of a committee He believed it wouldlas and inawibe on be most satisfactory to the people for the rapisianastreasAth?^^SS^Ui^^S ^SL£ t'emag, Aaguatto I M P * P. p. I^TBMaf ProprtotorTi CAID TO YOUBG LADTBB ANDIrr the coalition to the ;nda. tApn»aum.i Mr. ft eon legatesshould saajgt»rSatl ithenam ef electors to the by my tag. I axaort you , to the dia- ittee, bat there wm nothing tor your duty in the laogoeg? a 1 oor i htostnadard to adopt the Barnes snrgested. I thought the symmetry brabam Liaaotn -Let na hare Caith that right of the ticket waned be mamrwd and the Germaas ef theawkes aught, aad receive to do onr duty aa we under stand it "Mr. Smith's reamrhs were recereed at the ctoee with Cnunaiatttr apptauae.aad Ttxa.Smysfae.Seventh datriet-Slephen H Hyatt, George M. PelckandSamnel Allen.Eighth district—Frank Spaclding, Wm. Bristol aad At-man M Clapp.CaBBtansahte.ewiiMasaiaasaaash4lij the rhalrmencalling at this tune for the report of the 'Ninth Judicial district.>' (Roars of laughter.). L l h l g l l , t ' ' * * J ^ < M > * ' toaeef the recipe aad aaaaastel'that win. to from two to (aa,fraahtea,aaaawaaaas,aadal,' taeakto. Thma*dresa. wukietuxnlie aiotion of Mr. Chaax, of Jaaeraai, the following tem-porary secretaries were appointed —dona Later, of Kcwfork f 0. B-adiay, ef Ktnga; 6. T. p r n * , of TJhjter; F. aniossatoee, sad its formalisa would beDavrr. DCDIXT FKXD. from the Committee of Thirty three ea Electors at Large, reported the following names as the two electors at large:—Wm. Cuilen Bryant. ef Queens, aad James O. Putnam, of C liaataunue.Immense applause followed thr? report, the name of Mr. Bryant in particular be*rue received with most enthu- siastic demoustratkms of apphtuse.tttr. ru-.A.from the Committee to fill the vacancy of Elector tat the Third jssntntet, reported that, finding the deiesratton eqval'y divided on two names, aad uitaWe to agree, they had gone outside these names, and selected the name of Andrew Carrigan as elector.ft. atont^omery, of Kiagara. Wm^.Btoae, of Tioga; F. Fan, ef Mraitgrmmri: & P. Jtemjaema, af ftVaad 0. Archer, of Wayac.The roll of delegates wee here eaUed a fallof deiegatea beiBg prasant The amass of Jaaaes M- Cook aad others were tecertad with sasjaaaaa.Gen. Ji mis W. Nye wea snbetitnted flor that of JohnBOSO30,0tt» eases of 8CHBIDAM STTTKAPPB, toGaeiaree years m store, verj fine.POET WISE. Tanouaitatneauar . Be moved, therefore, that the Chair ap- bettor. What can be done by the people directly,the electoral ticket. Carried.Hoe. faau. Wsxcn, Jr.,announced, with _she Commit lee oa Resolutions had found no difficulty te igreemg, and bad directed him unanimously to report the lolkrwinf.—miat a commitaae of two from each Jaaaaad district tarUna. ft Whxca, Jr.. aawmt the apapoiianttment of two (ram each J<udicial daWrka to resort the rasoiathe Cuoveauan.to beBaaijucra Wsxra,, Jr.-I coaeent that the resolution layCrsr> O Poota. «tram each Congramteaal dattnet aacb «e><i«ation to f a r m a t*event.oa the amaas of twohwee.%verai m i s p l w rose to awe* to htf Ihe reaolattoB enthe tabw, whereupon it wee withdrawn by the moverb u t IMYSOW, ef New York, aud bitare the Ciarantiannot he dona by machine/y. Theserves kaear better than aaypopater and avaitable ansa ia their favored brtngtag the power m near to the •this.Resolved, Thit thM Convent ion, representing the repubtoeafiaedi1-AM DAraaraaid thaiafter the atat teaat oar easpntoid sent, and that had bettor he ml thiil Baa.because the ticket OK Id then be more equally balanced between free suiters, whigs sad Germans.then adopted ouaaimensry.The rT»»riK.vr reportea the followingaad adapts the resolutions of t i e National Republican token such oflknee at the Governor—he charged theCoavention heat at Chicago. aad that it has no disposition itoveraor, I believe, with telling htm Ihteshsiils lhat ha The fraade sad acquaintances are respectfully invited tecad stock of any bouse m Una eouatry or EuropeAate weU token care of n* the lefttothevariousdeles*twosof the electors was CBAnxakt A. DA>\A. of Hew York, advocatedA Dsxat-ATs moved to fill the Ninth district with the commtttes weald a tithe hady through which they weald name of the Prince of Wales. (Laughter.)suggested ayreport the ticket teGeo. Nxa—n that case the emamittee would be butThe PsJiauaBit—The questtoa is first oa theto form a committee of mm from each fwdiriBl dtetrict. faastead of oae bom each OoagreesioBal dtetrict.JoMTf T. HOCSMOOM suggested that the a x^ndment re mttng to the power of Oae committee shook' be first voted on, seen thai woukt depaed the question se to new many tfce saaam ittee stiouta be iwiipsmil a tGea. N amoved, as a substitute for the whole, are solution that the delegates from each Congi tasinual d»- trtetbe umhss^ed torssmrt tlmnaaasafan assstes far theOarrs Dratar iacta snored the apeatnuaant ef a com-a tune to asBBB pefaaaaaat iiMrnre. Bebee prrratted of giving Ihe apcointmeat of thie oomaUttee way. The Bearer you get to the Teste ef the people the mittee have power to fill any vacancy thatYJKAN1VT. WIMM, 4CHNAPP8. BDM AND WHDTOT UUXVOBSBSof BBAJTDT,variousaistrict, and a Bssassirtrr ef eae from sash dtetrict be chosen by the rtslrssitrs to report twe eteaters at targe.Mr C C Men, as delegate from that district, con- thousand dollars.IO.Oto eases of WTKR Pale and brown, of very qua!*}fiQBveaaaef warnBTae ssrvg. This wuie was anported direct frasaaVsra sasreaaate are raaseetratfty avkednuae the above stock of Wines aad ^^rmn Can aas wan the iear of roclnuUctsoti. tbat I aavc the hwasst aad baa)Josm T. Hc<aaooa aavecated the substitute. It was always the beat to do things the inert tat aad mote directDartn Dtroun Frrxr moved tbat the State Central Comenrred ia the report, sad saoved Us aanaaaaaas edegdtoa.And so the crimlastten sad recrimmation goes oa—the friends of the Governor being a Utile overbearing on ac count of their great psspuudetm ce, and his amjasaftftl all the more embitterec because they are few and tolerated rather than fattened to with consideration.But though small in aumbers, the opposition would be formidable bad it a bead aad asald it be concentrated It is guerrilla now, but with a (.aribaldi to rally it. there would he s hard aad doubtful contest.The opponents are frequent in their lamentations at the A delegate roggesto.i that the cammittee wee desirable. ttoaa stesteiB of the State of New York, heartily accepts decease of John L. ftchooieraft That gentleman bad{Apateaas). Crars 0. Poota withdrew hat original resxaattea, aad awved the adoption of Mr. Nye'ssabatitate, which emsto alter s e e liae er ward of that ntattrrty and patriot<c of palftissi mrth.Resolved, That oor candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency, Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin, are, in our judgment, true and worthy rem asmtat Iras af the repuhticsa party, sad that we ratify their nomina- tion* b\ acclamation, promSting them oor hearty supportend the electoral vote ef the State of New York. Resolved, That the administration of Gov. Morgan has justly entitled him to the support of every citizen whohas at beirt the welfare of our proud commonwealth, aad that we coahdeatly present him, as well as his worthy colleague, Lieut Gov. Campbell, for the renewed suffrages of the people.Resolved, That the republican Stale officers have fully ,iust Jed ear pr efereaces by their able, honest and econo nncai administration ef our State affairs, sad that the re publican party will remember them with gratitude.to attend the faaeral, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two refused to speak to him to the street lest t u n e r , though o'clock, from the residence of bis parenta, 210 s CherryUrfoLPHO WOLFB, 22 Beaver stresBOOKS BOUGHT SOLD OB EXCHAKOKD-rjr Aftl quat toy. Morgan a Expose ijf Ti i_aaamwij f,JOHK PTXE MB)BEWARE OF IMTTATIOHB AND COC_ . BOEEE'B BITTEBS.The best tonic in ail eases of —wmlsttifs iatrmach and bowaia, or the servouseuiarly the brat met leme i n t e t dyspepsia, diarrhoea, ( tery fever ar.l ague, gene:al uervotaTdebuity AcResolved, That the incongruous fragments of parties opposed te na to fasten upon the republican party the resay time whenever such corporations rule to override or coerce public sentiment to enforce such restraints upon them as the public welfare clearly demands.A strong disposition is mauifeated for a onion of all national men.A committee were appomletl to select Presidential elec- Resolved, That the canals of the State, protected Cram tors.SStsTftls sovereign matt always have somebody to reign over,ilrst order, and we have no doubt he will be well petro- aized. — » » — _ _ _ « - _ ^ _months. aBMaamHer friends, aad those oT ber brother Tt are re Beiuiiadmscppryaa>raaeeeraaraSraAMaa ADS^ATIC—We are authorixed to contradict the'^aa Mohawk' aad Herkimer, came upon a canal packet The first hsitet malted at follows — ty was s cheat sad s bumon- He was etad to see Ute report hi circulation that Captain Comstock, of the BOOB, at two o'clock, from her late residence, No. 120 Pahof the vote east. Carried. the people of Meme were satisfied that squatter sorereign- hstt. auiti a bead ef masse. The Leskpart esabe arrived .&. D SsasTalv^S.k» , « • . . J*«a •>* • aa • • a**a a a *• • * • « • • »•»• as ** Iwlr eembteetiesa makteg oa the part of their adversarial,spectfully invited to attend the fuaetal, an Frteay inrEItT 4 JACK O F ,ay the Centra Railroai ears, accfaepeaisii by two bands, ihriag tae arrtval ef these ehiha cannon reared forth (toasne.<<n the ri-assembling ef the Caaveattee the hall wasdensely tiled—both body aad tallerim—eonij i 'at eerso&s bshag pi earnltavrf) lH.oley Fartd. fr-.m the Committed on "ermnnent Ihfaa^stnm, reporawi the followingA* JTI ixOVxrV*••a••««!*••••••••>••••••»•*•***eaa*»*•<• "• "• ' •^r^lit'"**-. . . , , ••».* ....... • • • . • • • • * « » • • « • « • ai-ae aa a » e«ae WJk E*» a > XhT • IA,v* A• • * * • • 4 • a • • • * * » • • • * • » « # • • • • • s a t i f i e e * * * TMJffix LACIXR. of New York, moved that the nemiaation af Baraet. ha made a a a a i m o a ; (load applause i; aad the motion ws* carried amid.-t grea' cBeerag.Senator BET..; moved that the Convention now proceed to vote s n a tec for a candidate for State Prison Inspector. asm) tedJudge HATBAWAT, of Delaware, in compliance with the dJrecti at a* tea Conkty Convex***], pre-eated Ihe same of Norweod Hawse la regard to hte competency he re-forhedidnotbelievetheIrishcltizaaswouldbecontent ia company of the Biockses sad Washington Hants. He called on the republicans to rally for s grand fight, and to resnember that they could kill more men stendag solidly in tile than when they were divided and scattered. His remarks were received with warm applause.At themade a brief and spirited address, after which, with re- newed cheers for the ticket, theconvention dispersed.The great fectnre of the day. notwithstanding the en-thnstesa of the conventum, has been the display of wideGBABD, fiJQPABMTHE B B n MANDFACTUBBD.fTiO NFWfc AND PBBIBDTCAL AGENT*.close EDaLArrcTnSurrawas called for,aadfaaeaa- BsxAwaax, sntwrocsrr a s v awsouai STATS tasaaasas.OF THEorAPPU.TON*S ornriAL RADLWAT OCIDE wrta aax D : JTk»y pomt u ' » » rebuke of the lobby la L a first mes-to be rewarded i r _ party J*°PPert. • • to hit unboundedtBrLbfralitvrncostrmatiag to -the party m earring an the aas1, .** * sHihaiaVllatat that should be repaid by continued popaW av ors.op for effect, and studied aa a stage actor doer bto partWThty cite, m proof of this a c t , tbat ail, or a majority of th<*e interested te these saaemea, arasaaoasr the banrttast supporters of GOTthey fad Mr. WeanVftas aexalteed seoprtotor efths rant's shares of the city railroad bills: Capt Schofts. who was «ameda«aaai|«aasaT la one bill. John Butler. Jr., whows, a corporator m another. Oven Brennan. oneof the of the Wemst Waahicegtan aaatket; A. D. Barber, a who aas altlearge pssastetm te the cityeed who was vetoed, w e n bale fellows well met.Ntotleaaal HorseSrsasGrraxn, Mass . August 22. IsaO.GILISS'TS, thrrd daughter of John Cunningham, late of Duegannon, county Tyrone, Ireland, aged 40 years.The friends of the family and those of her brother Ed ward are respectfully invited to attend the faaeral, this (Thuedav afternoon, at two o'clock, from her tale resi- dence, No. 337 West Twenty sixth street. Her laaaates will be interred te Calvary Cemeteryfare you well, husband, aad children deer. I am not dead bat sleeping hereAs I am now so you mast be,Prepare for death and fellow me.The relatives and friends of the family arc rospccUuliyinvited to attend the funeral, that Thursday • afternoon,at one o clock, from her late residence;No. 116 Mott street. CORNS. BUNIONS, INTRETED NAlXft,current year, aad in the legislative saaaBaaeas for " final completion; that the canals, if properIare capableof fulfilling si-the pledges of thein their behalf, and lhat it sfAne duty of the constituted authorities to so manage them as to produce theThe resolutions were received wtth apatause: attegtotheLegaUalive corruptions,which was cheered, mioftejLwitla some aughter.Mr. (texos, afgPew York, moved tbat a Committee of Five be appointed, to inform the candidates and electors of their nr-mnsatkm.Gea. NYI saoTed to sauced, by requesting the officers of the Convention to perform that duty. Carried.The Convention then adjourned aawdae, giving roundafter roond of hearty cheers for the tickets, Slate aad aa Thompson, Hams, Ouean, Brown aad Porcher, Surgem hasty coBsumpttea, AXXA FrrarATxrcs, sged 21 years.(Roars oT laughter.} He bad seen the Little 6 a n t teMaine, and beard him make a speech about squattersovereignty. Be could not understand it, batnext day be had been to a livery stable, and heard twoIrishmen dxtcussingthe speechof the previous night"What te this squatter sovereianty '' asked oae. "Aad OB the evening of Monday next, the 27th test., prior to a it you that comes from Ireland, and asks?" replied ate embarkation for Engtoad. The selections are of the the other. "Why, HI ten you what it manes,Nearly 001.000 Readersteen.'j tc tie 'serful anputartiy af ataranHarl safB ALCNF BIDDEN EATH AND" MOBS STDK-Tae pasaahera are emaaeri «n beter abb at bat toi the thousand uKiuinre for toe saw aavat by h*and not sir ne grauiied with the teat of a newthe steam frsjaee Powhatan, iThe follow lag officers have o'clock.street. Btcbt years to Broadwmay. Inventor eft ty Chlarcserm Inhaler. TM - f - « «al-o been ordered to the vessel:—Lieutonaata Ruttedge,Fiiar-ATWCK —In this city..on Tuesday, August 21, OfBar frleads and acquamtotces, and those of ber brother- FRENCH PATENT LEATHER FOOTS, REAfTTE. H. Daatoon. who was srrested some two weeks since ea thefebarge of embezsiemeui. after an examination testUao.MR. J. C Fmmmucxw POBKCA: BBADI.NGS —This wellknown tragedian aad etecutteatet gives one of his popu-steamer Adrtette, to about to resign bto command. He will continue in charge af her whilst she to em) toyed a toe trade to Havre.Broome street. sal HrviKR—On Tuesday, August 21. at hto residence, No.14 Morton street. Wnxua Hruiat, sged 54 years aad 6 •TODABT PIAM08.'York.Xf.TSl-U iaaddram Doe Rodrtene? care- «W Ai16. Tt, 69, 59. 22. 6 LJt 74,n, 24-CH «stj?t Fsoosaia,f. F . Cooes*.P i v i u t n a.E.C. Bv.ic*sFiBCT*Ce. B. D. Jtjmffom.M I TomAS, Roasat BOSKXLL.Ptn KPnaurx ACo.1 ot: - AsTsasx*.taasos- _ . ._ jaaaamjoasase,i t o y a lpaatesa dr*wI Mi»«7.. 23.S71Numbers 8H 1MB. 7.i, liit:. ttjai. l..r.« ISttxl. »JJ7. 23(01 ZJ.U1. 24.022. 2k«r-. r j m , K*&sawnUntitled Document:rgetown, D C , a s MateilayrairrtatW WLJfI^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Chill, WIUIAM ftarLrv Waiwoara, of thts cdy, a the ft«h year of hte agelaq.,www.fultonhistory.comShow.DetailGUXBS.—OnTuesday, August SI,after a •hort illnee? Mr. SABTLI G n u s , aged 50 years and 5 months.His relatives, and friends of the lamily.are respect fully tertted to attend the ftmers4,from his tote residence, corner of Houston sad Gcereck streets, this (Thursday) af ternoon, at two o'clock. Hto remains will be taken to Greenwood Cemeierv for interment.The school officers, ex officers and teachers of the KJeveath ward, are mvited to attend at the Fifth streetNBtfaWTS. Prise SI 26lML BLSaft, xi.am. 2IJS&. 25.249. 21677. 25.751 a, fiE zaesa. SAto.Wtech they cfter at whatemta aato ratotl at ate WAT' HE8 AND J1WELBT_C«P ALL SILVER AND PLATED WABft. PARffi PANS, CAKP CAOm,LADU-" TaUTaXLIxKiFor aaie bv CEO. C. AIXaTN, aaaaaaaal and r e a d . 415 Braiadwar,rnr srsT !.TO«I...-H Birnes-EVS iirraooocEo.F... aaie by srocera aad drssjeaaa sanarafly, aad waha fihe- rsl cmulatto lac trade by the ageat. L7PTJ»rgB. Jr ^ ^No-IB Front a rest New Fork.BrBDELL'6 ARNICA UBTBBBBSTT D5 KATCKE'S eetabic aahdote to Bheumataaa aa I aill;« Beekmaa street. Pn. * 2S eases.CHEAPEST INSCEAjrCB IV THE WOELD - We are aow ami lag, saatete easaaaaa, the t_ ever offered to the pobfie. Oar Safes preserve thetrwhen exposed to are in the beat manner, aaaear Proof 8aie denes the world. Aay oae about to requested to call and aaamiae for hanaalf. We beti Safe for the teaat moaep.EWTXC —On Saturday, August 18. on beard the royal Joints and all diseases of the feet eared. WBaeatlar literary entertainmenw at Hope Chapel, Broadway, school, on this (Thursday) afternoon, at oae o'clock, to leg able to odd their convicUou ha! It a far n Iofthefarmerttant .ifUkraeaasaptohadaaabnVirginia papers please copy. al! of wairk huve been rasaaahwad Geia»ny.attendthe 1inerai ofSamuelCfills,late trtsteeofsaid school.stAr.rfiBg tae saaaaaeaaaaBdimonths.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyinvited to attend the funeral, at hto late residence, this (Thurrdav) afternoon. at one o'clock, without farther a- vitation. Hto remains will be taken to Hsckensack. X. J.Lxr-mrrsR.—At Hackenrack. Bergen county, N. J.. on Sunday, August 10, Mr IcessK iaaMcrras,aged 3T years MAX*IUU —fa Tuesday, August 21, JOBS Bewis Maa- JHALL, of Lincotoshire. EagaadL a the »7th year of htoage.Or to WOOD. BDDT A CO., Loute, aaaaaasl The remains wdi be taken to Greenwood Cametery THE GlVEATEFT ryPaVOTEMBNTD r a w i n g i a f tto* D e l a w a r e S t a t e rba—WOOD.XDDT A CO., aumagarsof the xDBXAWABZ—KXTBA fXAM » • . AUGOST 22, UBB.27, 44. T3, 36. 36, a». 7, *8, 23, 31. 14, 12. DxiaWASr-CLASB SOU. Aecus* 22, 18eU8, 69, 50, 4S, 4, S9, » , 64, 74, 61. 16, 76, 42, 19.OrcularaasBtfraaof charge by addreeaise either toPOCBTHE D t n O NADGUSTi ' L•" L ^ i : * * V * ' - •laehjtey, A c The moat p.eaaat,t corduC a its kino,Osaaaa? toe Cay 1 AitemacaavitodtotBetehwaaatoshdif'"GOLD AND 8n. VEE WATCHBB. By the fouowteg celebnued makers —J.,- NASI SL. A EJI-TXS Jrxtaasas, Coswnaaaen.s r e e t rforaaariyafU eBaft "a tae,street.*3 0 t teAiEitiaJOJ%.J. CY.Practical -  