 m~Z~^ZiJem>Bwmcome »n£ dwell hew.May <'tfM> Lord MewPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.—THE CANVASS IN MAINE.ComspondencoofTbeN. Y, Trifctui*.PORTLAIJD, Me., Sept 1, 1860.^TiecanvaiBrs here m Maine goes on nobly, an4 the" go lo&g ae God allows the viUlMam11it&. w:-Ibiere' of this city has been in France and Belgium a respeciful silence throughout. I did not hear a singlertshould not, shall not, nUy, j on cannot, meddle with Nicaragua has three objects of interest—" Theit. These natoj.allawl, being perfect, must go on Transit," *b« periodical revolution, and'the possible"The State of Honduras has advised the Govern-ment here that William is actually at Ruatifa, and, of of the nail measured an inch and a half in diameter.that same view, I have been desirous to avoid all for*tign wars, unlew, as in the case of the last war witls . [' matter who wI'•i1had been newly shorn and clipped, had in fact beenS ^ ^ o t i s m ' c a n giveT and'which only the undoubt- ina confidence of a nation will receive 7 ;&ZtlleiiryClavis dead, ijlis long and eventful life is dosed. Our country is prosperous ^ - p o w e r - ful; but could it have been Quite all it has been, and is,11each successive speake cwith this reminder: " Theyour paper-so ably advocates is steadily and in many '6JTROM KJ^»7>0fiT.their hwtrun>onts. Hoetand hostess trnlyhojpitas *}**TM >r! Wsministers, but aa this must be done Ceu- on. A men7theory. Be is of the* timber of those who, admit- tis^l the.primal fact o f! Creation, are unwilling that Ifce Divine Being s>:ou)d have/any further trouble imOx His WOTM. • * D O not give yearself any con- eernaboutit,"tJ^^saj,"»yonmadeitveryclev- erly, bnt now thaf; it m nade; it belongs to us; youibg reflections of your own. ';. ,from Managua under date of July 31, says:" The accompanying spirited address has been is3ued to" the people by tee acting President, Chambrro, call-yfars of age, daug'ter of Mr. Petit from Long Island, fell rrom the wagon, and the hind wheel passed ovttr and broke her left leg. She was brought in upon a 1»advised the Bell men to Vote directly for the Douglas Electoral Ticket. The old line Whigs of Maine are indignant at his course, and publicly denounce it asworld, wh' ose splendor! lie so near ua, undiscemed.last are the hon«ster. Several propositions for reopen-EEPUBlicANISM IN KENTUCKY. Correspondence of The N. Y. Tiibane.. NASHVILLE, Aug. 29,1860. .In Kentucky, the last Monday of each month is called County Court day. At that time the people from the neighboring country flock into the county town, for the purpose of settling accounts, buying,selling, trading, compariojg notes on the crops, politics, etc., etc., and transacting- whatever other "business they may have' to do. The politician, also, in times like these, generally avails himeelf of the occasion to pre- sent the claims of his particular par^y to the people. Last Monday, one of the^ee days, I chanced to be in Enssellville, the capital of Logan County, which, as you will see by referring to your map, borders on the Tennessee b'ne. The village is pleasantly situated in the midst of such a country as can be fonnd only in the great South-Weet, and contains about 3.000 inhabitants, one half of which, I should think, are negroes.The houees are substantially built of brick, the yards neatly k?pt, although the long drouth of the last' two months has changed them from green to g a y . The sidewalks are.handsomely paved, the stree'aare mac- adamized and well shaded by long rows of thrifty lo- cust trees. Everything arourjd affords evidence of the wealth and taste of the inhabitants. To the credit of their inhabitants, be it said, there is not a place in the town where anything that will 'itebriate, or %ven elevate,issoldasabeverage. WhenIarrived there I supposed I was in a latitude where it would be pru- dent for me. a Northerner, to maintain a " decent si- lence" on the great question of the day, at all events,:]*/NEW-YORK D^fl* fRIBUNE, TXJES»AY, SEPTEM^a^ J8«0...~A borrespl date of Aug. J - " Yesterdayr Northern P<*n| made a ttllh-^rloWad by C^ the Wide-Aw was a grand p_ uniform, maki in this part < nominees! ' A—phfladeJp!"up to politicr.1 and successful these was at t.i *_ ft * w i « n , "doae their ntmoat for fbem. Darwi^s j« a goodfcook for dog-days; it a|ocs not lrarriy one; every imaginable tants and tissues, ar,d seem to float about[.% ia certainly very annojing to those who have civilpage teems -very Wee tbi i page that, ^ e n t before it.in their ethereal company ^al the afternoon. Youthe State as did Castillo'. Many people who Had tneirprofit and contentment in revolutions are seeking nat-ter in these changes to kindle a flame, but the Govern-ment is pretty sirongly/intrenohed, the army well trip from Florence in seventy days, which is reraarka- • Mr. James Brooks of The Express, has been here, filled, officered and armed. Th* difficulty with the bly good for an ox-train. The emigrants, of this com-T e the •nninj^ted'it iaj a theory without a soul^ wonder if you a're transfigured like your compan- and roaXes Bttle lasting ii apre«si<r D. The facta are ions, whether the*r white robes and bright braidsleft without federal justice. Ten Thoupand majority for Washburn in September, The first of the Mormon emigration from the 8tates and astill larger one in November for " Old Abe."inteTestilng. but they ajeof tb.e sort to which one do not extend a radiance even to you—do not flat- •*Yea,Sir," alldayl<raz andattheendofcommending his truck and dicker with theTJfouglasmen. He attempted it in Portland, and found but four exertion of my humble abilities. That system aimedx ter yourself—yon catch a glimpse of your" own face the day hot much has bean Void. You see that we in the crowded mirror, looking shy and sober asChurch, which threatened theMartinez Government so pany are chiefly from the Western StateSj with a.few strongly 5aat yeaiywas instantly suppressed by the from. New-York and Long Island. Bngham drove arrivalofBishopPinolesomemonthsago,andsince downtoseethemwhentheyarrived,hutoeyondgiv- then matters have progressed swimmingly.• i ' •••GEN. WALKER'S MoOVEMENTS.The correspondent oi The N. Y. Herald, writing grass. They had but .one accident—a little girl of. six'acted, and which I sought to fstablieh by the mtmostaredeeply,stupidlyprof<ne?JXourviewsofscience;.usual. Nomatter,youareheretosee,nottobe elearly, the association j la?, tsot had the effect, on seen—" Observe and reserve" would be a good-»a Which waa to be loole d for. The wpjrehipful motto for yon. .And reserve you must, for here is body, as a body, reiecte^.'Darwin, though it is whis- .ttie post-hour, and I must give you pause/ Sup-perea that here and the* e a limb <raiverod toward pose it to be a musical pause, say between the bars him a little. W e must •say that his is a labor-saving of a concerto, and fill it up, my reader, with edify-,ing some of them a ftw words about taking care of their cattle, the "prophet" was merely a spectator.outoftheonehundredmembersoftheBellClubhere to sustain him. Willi a flea in his ear, he went east- ward to Bath, and, after failing to make a bargaintoaddstrengthtoourUnion,byfacflitatrngintercourse between all its .widely-extended parts; to bring for- ward, develop and improve its vast but Vet hidden re- sources; and to render us a great, peaceful, prosperousand independent nation. With that view I espousedthe cause of internal improvements, labored to giver encouragement to our domestic manufacture*, aimedUx I feparate the proceeds of the public lauds from the gen-eral revenue, and distribute them among the States for1the purposes of education and local improvement*,and sought to establish a general currency, edmmensu^ ratewiththewantsandthe*extentoftheUnion,ancl ': adapted to the commercial habits of the world. Witbi.fiwedenbe .rg says that \ jxistence is continued crea- ing the Transit are before the government. Fermintion, and » our moralj ives, we all feel this to be Ferrer, some time an exile' in your city, is au accouckeur of one, the sire of which is reputad to betrae. 3b j all JWe, w< lean instinctively upon this Com. Vanderbilt. As. Ferrer was once a man "in good.-rery W/oght, and when the ingenious intellect hasrepute, and one who suffered for conscience-sake, I am w o r W . and proved its little sum, showing that 80»ry to hear of him in such low companionship. His there f $ some smallesi sense in whieh the Divine offer for a^new charter is said to be $70,000 down for B»ay \ft left out ,of sigJit, the great music of the the charter, and the naua^y-demanded capitation tax l e a s t sweeps the' pafcy figures off the board. on paseergers; route to be opened^ in six months. If Mr. Vanderbilt»haa made this offer, there must be con- ditions about it, that will keep it an open question for some time; and while Nicaragua reflects upon the daz- zling offers of the Commodre, other bidders will be kept back and time gained, for it cannot be, he supposes, that tie Commodore wants the transit. The recent Joe Wbite cc Body concern, familiarly known among foreigners facts and figures are anted. But rf, in our syn- here as the "Apnle-cart Company,''are to be in theDiesis, we eliminate e-Divine from life, we have field t>y the next steamer, BOwe are to have something.These calculations areiput the arithmetic of our ex- istence; would you keep us a t sums forever?T more indastric order of talei teried to by tin with more apr as public chars.* V-Our corn Republican n on the 31st, w dtessed a cro? ty, N. Y.,-oh' G. G'aham, iMacedcn, on t addressed 2,-X Slst, wh?n.tb'< all these occa«full force.inridge has co .ering speeche We had hope las would -ba^ PreaidSiitiars . neither hhju.--e cdurse so' in<:e fice at which" the Presidsiiti declined.>•Tt fill each an oflgrave and imp acouxing the harangues an< can excite noland cort^rip^—The Sf. hvsparty iahjhave there secure him t| Republican tsinis *f UEIU—The hum TUfctbods, a.i.a ofaboot-mai by notify t .e taking ahch-s' atreetr—wbp,as practical j as common tj—Mr. AlbJ .hell,diedofj Tenth street,was for.yes ' and at one t -quent revers *—The ^e:•and mies'-on time Since.oi N. Y. Ckri.pious and in- —The Or; last survivii latereigtnnjafierafew • riear Be:z^ She was *D~fRecent a'New-Yd? traced a w the peoplei snatched flf'CaMadti CQr.clvec.-a; wishing to the neight -vrras going, her ros^t-a: young girl, tion, anti i brought a earjj-e cjjir cempreva little cet • •' ' —The *"Yhis does not prevent me from appreciating the &at> Positive spirit in philosophy, ,which sees in •vrtry department onljji what is strictly there, and •dees not indulge in hdotic sentimentality whento talk about. While these petty squabbles are going gat© tendencies. The very term I, myself, is an on the tide of travel pours over the Isthmus of Pana- ma and toils painfully over the vast Western Plains, egregious 'assumption The little knot of tissues and Nicaragua is forgotten; not only that bat the mag- and vessels, with its a _ve and generative functions, nificent 'St. Juan River, tired of ruined and almost de-only a world of gland fibers, muscles, and ajjgre-and with t.he p^henoo na of consciousness and thephosphorescence of thought curiously superadded,serted Grreytown, has abandoned the old channel to- that harbor, empties its wasted waters into the Colorado branch. The Colorado always was the main outlet tothis mere sum of pippcrties and faculties makesnothing that can be died J. Christian baptism the River San Juan, the branch known as the Littlerepresenta'ivee. > It will, without doubt, prove one ofbecomes a farce, CISan Juan, which emptied into the harbor of Greytown, was narrow, presenting numerous bars with only three feet of water, but now it has become so shallow that bnngoes of two and three tuns burden' have to bethe most interesting and exciting rowing contests that ^ ^" I am with great reapect. •* "•Yourfriend and rv" J. C. PARSONS, eeq."•iPROSPECTS IN INDIANA.In a postscript to a business letter, written a fewdays ago from Indiana, "one cf the most prominentan bnrial a mockery, if each individual be not sot irig more than phrenology..it servant,"H. CLAY.and physiology can mil e him. -Letustakealong"reatli—thisisdeepwaterfor lighteredbycanoes,andtheharborofGreytowncan-,«s to swim in. We list dread the dangerous un- not be entered by schooners of 150 tuns. To . improvedertow which waits icarry us out to sea, and,turning, hug the golden shore of actuality, where to open a transit, it would be necessary t§ our clothes, our friends, and,,we will hope, our pub- spend at least one hudred thoupand dollars, and pos- Se are waiting for us.i sibly three times that sum, and it may not be possibleBut, ooe word: ren ember that we are old and at all. The Colorado can never be used; for, although faithful, and allow Us is ne word more touching the steanlboats have'frequently ascended it, during low twofold attitude of sci emtific men with regard to st»ge of water, in the Little San Juan there are some-flag, with about forty passengers.on board, principally Americans, from San Francisco, had ^arrived at La Union, on the Pacific. Their destination is said to be Honduras. Possibly they intend joining Gen. Walker."promises to be the finest ever held in that enterprisingagricultural State. The- grounds, situated within thelimits of the City of Madison, and <Vrecfly on ihe; Mil-waukee and Mississippi Railroad, are said to be unsur-passed, for natural beautyi by any in the United States.Among the novel features we notice a competition bycounties for a splendid prize banner offered by the' cit-izens of Madison. We observe, also, that Wiard'a fa-mc'uBiceboatistobeonexhibition,withitsmachinery tuckiane,"alreadyonthefloor. Hewasalarge,these matters. W efijiid a large body of them occu- times months during which the sea breaks so high on the bar that no vessel can enter; and there is ^o port,, •j- ••.% . . . ' , . . . »•>••>•...,-*.„..•,*.,,.,_.•... . -i *--^-.--^.fc„,j .'*«.- "9fi- pj•- * ' > .•%•••••» i-'—Tz—•' '•.[ , . ViEJOi Aug. 12,1860.country sgainst Walker and his officers wad the hordes ofcannibalsbehindhim,who.areallsaidtobeatthis writing in the island of Rnatan. f'"'•<•.'ahead of the train. Her limb was properly splintered, andsheisdoingwell. - i-•»The northern part of the Territory was" visited last Saturday with a heavy and damaging hail-storm. Somewhen the Brooks Bros, assented to the nominations of the Constitutional Union Convention. Trading is not in the vocation of the Bellmen here, and James Brooks can.win no supporters to his Auctioneering Politics. He has at last gone where he belongs—like Judas to bis place; and this rabid American of 1856 has*found congenial employment in advocating the claiooa of Douglas, and fitting associates among the attendants ofFROMNICARAGUA.ing all patriots to the rescue and defense of the ter from some miles east of Fort.Bridger afewdyyf time-serving and false to the pledge impliedly madecourse, coming to Nicaragua. You will seer*by the ad lbrever~-yo« ^*ave abd Lcated in their favor. Not invasion of the Fiffiburters. For the last four months, dress that the post of honor must be at Ruatan, andGreat Britain, tney are both just and necessary. Heno* I exerted mj*eli to prevent the menaced war with France, during the second term"of Gen. Jackson's ad- ministration; and was opposed to the annexation of Texas believing that it would involve us in war, and thinking that we had, without it, sufficient territory for many ages to come, and that when our posterity wanted more, they could easily acquire it." My endeavors have been crowned only with, par- tial success. ' And now, by the unexpected result of the last Presidential -election, there is reason to appre- hend tbat the progress of the' great interests of our country will be arrested, and that the spirit of honora- ble peace and prosperous industry will be superseded] by a spirit of war and conquest. Indeed, it. is to b« feared that the whole character of our nation will b« changed, transforming us into a warlike people, tho military spirit predominating.. Should this unfortrj- nately be the casp, our story is already^told in there- corded fate of preceding Republics, w" Butwemustnot forget that thisJisourcountry, and that it is our duty to struggle for its liberty, for its prosperity, and for wife systems of policy, and uhdec all discouragements to struggle to the last." Providence, which has so often smiled upon and blessed us, may still deign to watch over, protect,, and preserve us. .jt belong to a generation which it rapidly pasting away, and I must soon foliowj but I hope that, when 1 do go, there will be left behind enough of our countrymen, animatedDy patriotism, and actuated by public and private virtue, to continue• the labor of endeavoring to sustain ourfree institutions* If this great experiment fail, begun and pursued un- der the roost auspicious circumstances, it is to be appre- hended that we may bid an eternal farewell to all na- tional self-government.; the smalieirt fact of y TB do we allow you—not there has been no hope of transit,, little danger of im- the pkasnxevwe aHo^ ourthlves, of occasionally mediate revolution, and no fear of fillibnsters. With crossing flew* jrs, hybrid izing animals, producing a no topics of interest to make a letter of, I have con-new rose,- o r an impr) >ved tadpole. As we listen cluded that silence was "golden/' Now, hewever, totheselirogs,we almost"fancy that we feel a weareagaininvadedbyTransitagents,andthreatenedtlxrffl of kr w, ethereaf laughter from the spirit- by fillibusters. I am doubtfol which is worst. Thethere is the place where the 'valientes' are to meet! I doubt, however, that the army of Nicaragua take" up the line of march for that interesting point. j-• PROCLAMA TION." *FBRVASTOO CHAMORiio. Senator, charged with the Executive power of the Republic of Nicaragua, to the inhabitants:" ' COMPXTUIOTS: W illiam W alker, tho erjemy of our repose, Tvith a party of hie robbe's. menaces at. this moment onr.neigh- bor and sister, the Republic of Honduras; the danger is likewise onrs: the question- JBCentral American." ' T h e r u i n s which his destructive hands scattered far and ne»raxe yet smoking; these continually, make na remember what we may again expect from these hordes of cannibals. The re- ligion of our fathers, onr paternal hearths, our beloved families, the very soil under our feet, all, ali will be takenfrom us by iorce should that heartless people (gentc)—whose professed principle is tho destruction of our tace—take possession of,. he cmntry." ' Our past diBsenridns.were the cause that in the late invasion the oontest was prolonged and the idea of our easy conquest con- ceited. Now, united, we have but one standard, independence— one enemy, fillibuBteis. The time and occasion hns come for us to. prove to the whole world that we are able to defend our rights, and that our territory is not to be trodden-with impunity." ' Clereymen of the Republic! The holy religion of wnich rye axe the ministers is m e n a c d ; falfl yeur evangelical mission.." "Proprietors, fellow-citizens, all! You know the gravity of the danger. The government reposes in the security thit each of you is prepared promptly to comply with tho duties imposed up- on yon by your country." 'Soldiers of the Army! The miserable Vandals whom yon caused to bife the dust of San Jacinto, MasBaya, Rivas, and Granada, dare again to challenge"your ferocity (bravura ) Pre- pare yourselves. At whatever point of Central America they may appear, it.is to us^also that the challenge is extended. There is the danger of our country r there, honor and our oaths call| us,.and there, as heretofore, in your ranks will be found j our companion and friend, i I."«FERNANDO CHAMORRO. " 4 Managua, July 20, I860."'a Democratic Mass Meeting.S. W. WOODFOKD,the harbor and river so as to render it passablepied with the merest laterality of investigation, giv- nor ta'e anchorage. I think these • Transit uita had The Mormons havihg concluded that peace has been ingthe,righthandoffellowshiptotacitoravowed betterbeginatthatendoftheroute,makeasurveyat againrestoredtoZion,andthatnothingislikelyto atfteism. We find another body willful in their de- the Harbor of Grgytown, and the Little San Juan, and disturb, for a little time at least, their labors in the voutness, rampantly ii sisting upon founding theo- then they wouldFsave the money they now spend ne- adornment of their " inheritances," aie now prosecut- logical doctrine where, with the best intentions, it gotiatit g at Manaqna. The transit across Nicaragua is ing with renewed energy and characteristic enthusi- will not fit, and making their assertions and classi- closed, IthiDk forever, and it is well for the State that asm the improvements they had in progress before the fications with authority, in the name of God. And it is so. The other states of Central America are rich,in full operation. The Wisconsin State AgriculturalSociety is one of the most enterprising and efficient inthe Union, and its' exhibition this year will no doubtbe interesting and successful. 'hearty old man, whose well kept appearance, and round, contented face, precluded the idea that he lay awake nights for ftar.his'Eeighbors would provide him a full trait pf that peculiar material now so fashionable in some portions of theu. South, and treat him to a " moonlight ride" on a rail, with the sharp cornerw e find here and therji individuals, like Thomas Hill, without ^transits, except Honduras. Costa Rica has entrance of the army." Numerous new works 'are .who pray and preach; >n the one hand, and observe her coffee, Salvador her indigo, Guatamala her coflhi- springing into existence, "indicative," as The News1,.—_ ^——,—— _ DIRECT TRADE BETWEEN MEMPHIS AND EUROPE.—up. Be went into, the,; work with a right good West, over all the other candidates in the field. Th»-wilL He claimed that the Republican party alone fact is, that the farmers and mechanics of Hoosierdom, was national, and' tbat the reason why they had but like the honesty and plainness of Mr. Lincoln*one representative from the South, was because the and admire the determination and perseverancei South would' not allow them to present their claims,either through their speakers, or by circulating papers. which enabled him to rise from even the paths;©n the other, keeping | x>ih offices in their purity, neal," -&c v They have had a few • tolerably peaceful calls it,, of anything but an intention on'their part ofand g^ivmg time and pi ttience for the. human mind years; but Nicaragua, naturally the richest state ofearth, suited to her high land for coffee, her tierra cal- an*d, supplying itself I the third point of union, to licuti for indigo, cotton, sugar, and all tropical produc-ever selling out and moving to New-Guinea,.or to any other portion of the habitable globe. Tney are busy erecting in every settlement substantial buildings forThe Memphis Daily Appeal of the 28th says:" That Memphis will very soon, be as regularly ship- ping cotton to Europe ae the merchants of Mobile'orNew-Orleans, is evident. Our people intend to do it, and what they have made up their mind to do, they will accomplish. We have a cotton press here equal in efficiency to anyin use in New-Orleans. It stands on the bluff, and has a slide from which the compressed bale can.be delivered on board the steamboats on the river immediately from the press, the minute i t ' s re- leased from its ' ponderous ja-ws,' The boats will take it up the Mississippi or Ohio River, whence it is speedi-tojbridge across the w erval that separates them,grasp wit* effort of thought, love, and imagination tions; her foreets teeming with the richestwild produc- council-houHes, court-houses, meeting-housos, • andHe read from the Republican platform, Lincoln's speeches, T H E T R I B U N E , and Seward's *' Irrepressible Oonfi ct" speech. He divided the Democrats into three parties—the Bell faction, the Douglas faction, and the Breckinridge faction, and denounced them aE in no measured terms as sectional, and in favor of dissolu- tion. He closed with an earnest and eloquent appeal to the honest portion of his audience to come out and abandon a pany tbat had already betrayed the faith of its founders, and would, if not cheoked, soon .betraywhich they are not ashamed to tread to- the proud position to which they are confident he will soon be elevated.' In the northern and middle portions of the State, the enthusiasm for him is widespread and glowing, and even in the southern part he is rapidly gaining ground; and it would not be surprising if ther* Republicans' gained a decisive victory even, in " t h e Pocket," which, you know, has always been a strong- hold of the Democracy. Caseins M. Clay has made a speech or two in tbat ]>ortion of the State, or at least on the bordeis of it. and he has done a.great deal of good, and some of the beet stumpers hi the State^have,ahio been canvassing the southern counties. No spot will be left unvieited, and, under the inspiriting signs which come to them from every hand, and their ovrat ardor and thorough organization, the Republicans havei eminent prospects of success.Gallant Gen. Lane is making a splendid fight, and the .enthusiasm he creates wherever he speaks, espe- cially among the young men, among whom he is ev-. erywhere a favorite, io almost unbounded. The energy and spirit with which he couducts the canvass are* everywhere applauded, and the candidates for othertion, is miserably poor. Her people have been deci- school-houses. Grist. and saw-mills, nail facto- th« opposing sides of trutn. mated and her estates destroyed by thirty years of ries, founderies, and every kind of machine-And here, as Socratts remembered in dying that shocking iiitestine wars, culminating in the barbarism shop are becoming common. A few miles he owed a cock to i£s« ulapius, an i Xantrppe,"vvhooi of fillihueteriHm, whieh destroyed what there was'left. from • the city Brigham is laying oat a nursery we take to have been a practical though incoherent The intoxication of a transit to California would bring with a million trees, which he calculates willj in ten woman, no doubt sacrificed with regret the family in money and temporary prosperity, but it would open years, turn him in as many dollars. Tne building of rooster—even so do ^ifS^ remember that >we owe wide an avenue for Pro-Slavery fillibttsterism, aad have the Great Temple has recommenced, and every spare-—p^^^p^w-| J| gIH \•%->••*-•?*>*,-•<?%.•$;&•£ ^,£jW8!*"^^a*^'«•«?.>,•;:•::>.]r*i gagaftarsaftaiisi.••>.::&.his name wUl hemiapberps.-We,andattheire*s?s—therrcenntenan^S?betraying *»>Americanfashion, heputthePresWenay&!W**t none of l^ose Bttle anxieties which yon and I, nands of Fernando Chammoro, and took a WWTM??*thee a breakfast, gentle President of Antioch Col- \ a debauching effect upon the people of the State. Peace team is hauling the massive rock from Co|ttonroad into ly conveyed to the peaboard, and shipped to Europe.- lege. For, on the occasion of a rustic fete where strong government- and developed agriculture, areonly we exchanged speech with thee^we received what iswanttd. But the dark cloud of revolution always impends, the old hato of Leon and Granada only. at thy hand a handful! of chrestoraathia polyfolia, slumber^ with directions for | r'eparing. the samje, whieh,being strictly followed; produced a dish tit for thegods, who lived, be itiemembered, before Strasburgv&t6s were invented. I W e owe thee further a live- ly sermon preached m the Rev. Brooks hi* church, which combined the s lit of science with the savorof piety, and left, like! the dish just mentioned, little.*"tobe desired. Wherefore happy is Antioch, that all of four years, since the Honduranans have had an possesses thee, AntiocU that remembers thy prede- opportunity to cut each others throats. Any one who cessor, justly lamented. He waa rather of the Old doubts the wisdom and heaven—direction of the Ameri- Testament of righteousness, with the natural laws can fathers in killing and driving away the'Iudian, for his Decalogue—thW belongest more to the Gos- should endeavor to become acquainted with Mexico and"pel of Love-—hast in tliee more comprehension and Spanish-America, where the'Indian and his institutionsdation alone cost $60,000, and a contract his recen'lybeen concluded for ihe hauling of the rock for the base-ment story, a distance of ten miles, for $80,000. Fo ropean continental sea coast and Memphis. Others are to the point,' never failed to elicit a hearty laugh. Tnereconciliation. TheA|ocalypse of truth hangs upon froth.? »" ,. ||.But I am far from ignoring, TRIBUNE, how wide-were preserved and amalgamated with the Spanish and their customs, which has all blossomed into the present Mexico and Qentral America. All the trouble in these vt-happv countries'arises from the Indian element. ButSociety, which placed it at from twenty-two to twenty- one of the most corrupt bodies of men ever assembled. ing talent of the whole State is fully enlisted for the live millions before a kernel was threshed, and that But few inquire into the, circumstances which con- campaign, and such men aa Judge Morton, Caleb B.spired to bring them together. No party was ever so Smith, Colfax, Cumback, Gordon, Harrison (a grand-son; of Tippecanoe), any many others, are on everyvirtuous as not to have some rogues in it. And in this available occasion addressing tbeir fellow-citizens of ' when we go?' If we will BO live as to be a&tisfied with our- will produce aa low as twenty bushele. Among the re- State no party or parties have ever existed that wereselves, and will not diive .ourselves fiom our homes, we will ports from fifteen threshinc; machines that have been at every party on the political issues before the country never be driven from them. Seek for the beet wisdom you can work in Sank Connty during the last ton days, the so corrupt aa not to have at least a respectable minor- Republican meetings are very frequent, and some-obtain, learn how to apply yonr labor, build good houses, make lowest figure named is twenty-three, and the highest ity on the side of honesty. But the Legislature last mass meetings will be held in the course of the nextly I have depa* ted fr,'in mine office, in venturing as this fs an eight page theme, I will not enlarge upon hasty remarks upon su >jects whose greatness drains •it.the resources of the biain, and transcends the nar- As Transit matters' are rather hopeless, and money-Towj bounds of our Cwimon thought and life. Are is not eatily raised on the prospect (for so far• newspaper letters ever written to Buncombe ? Do as Vanderbilt is concerned, he. does not»lay outfine farms, set out apple, pear, and other frnit trees that will,flourish here, also the mountain currant and' raspberry bush<jF,; forty-seven ! We claim an average of twenty-eight orWinter set at defiance all the laws of probity in few weeks, which will equal any h<dd iu any othor•we not often address a i ideal public, to the greatweariness or frtal hattention of the real one ? in the business "when the .line opens"), a .new;YoUr-hour speeches ire listened to, and maybe, scheme has been hatched, which it is expected willThe question now rises, 'Do you think it bent for us to live m cities?' Lay out your cities, but not so large that yon cannot readily raise the whole city, should an enemy couic upon you."THE LA NO RESERVED FOR THE MORMONS.." You may inquire why the lund has been HOloDg held in re- serve—the design in this country's not being settled by whitepeople, .until recently. Until the I Latter Day Saints came.here,' not a person, among all'the mountaineers and tUoae who had traveled herei so for as wo could learn, bulieved tkat an ear of• »•,( anniversary n etting, | in our youth, at which the money." During t.he past year large quantities of ex-when Sumner speaks^ but we remember a certainPresident, a persistenl old gentleman, interrupted dega department of Nicaragua to New-Xork, and asr ly loaded. An examination of the state of partias be-ea^s The LOKJOI, ' Times, 2,Q16 of the men were agri- .fore the Election will show who were the tricksters. through the, heavily-timbered, fertile regions of thetcultural laborers, gardeners and carters; 176 bakers, middle and eastern portions of the State, the cause-•* gentleman wih remember that he has promised to the world, the new and unexpected production of Cen- *'tfe short." And the individual tnus addressed ,tral American rubber has excited considerable interest bied to cfamp himself into shortness, and failing, land some speculation on the part of rubber men. Towheat produce abundantly here; and we know, that we have an excellent region wherein to raise cattle, horses, and every otherchoked and sat down. Yet the advice to be short 'waagood,ifoneonlj1;newhowtofollowit.Since I wrote lasti there have been, parties and rumors of ^parties, men's hearts failing them for fear of not being invite d, and great relief and in-ward exultations wht n poor little I was remeiu-itake advantage of this feeliDg, a grant has been taken jbycertainpartiesfromtheGovernment of Nicaragua ifor ibe exclusive privilege of taking all the india-rubber from the wild lands of the State for a certain term of yeai p, upon payment of a sum said .to be'§6,000 per annum. It is expected that a -sale can be made of t)iis precious privilege to ambitious rubber men,kind of dpintatic animal that' we need. We also knew this butchers and poulterers', 71 cabinetmakers and uphol- Smashers." They would not nominate a ticket when we came here thirteen years ago this summer. Bridgersaid to me, "Mr . Young, 1 would give a tudusand dollars it 1 sterers, 1,383 carlpenters and joiaera, 27 oarvers and of their own._ Being entirely disinterested,, they knewtbatanearofcorncouldberipenedinthosemountains;1 gilders,682clerks,25)clockandwatchmakers,29coaeb- wanted nothing for themselves. They werethem."UTIAT IJRXGHAM THINKS OF THE.MOVE SOUTH,judge. % $ • • * • • • • »MR.LINCOLN'S EULOGY ONHBNRY CLAY. While a few of the pretended followers of Henry Cluy are leaguing with hia life- long ;traduoers to per- petuate the degraded rule of the Democratic party, it is refreshing to read the'touching tribute of Abraham-bexjed. In private life!, as distinguished from hotel pkr a basis of some " stock operation" laicT down j. 3ife| afternoon parties prevail, beginning at J -or 2 that will " tallow" to somebody's benefit. Bat I p. m., and lasting till iwilight, or moonlight, as the think, "the court-., will know herself" on the casfe may be. W e niust praise these entertain- points involved. The wild lands of Nicaragua, ments, as sensible arid healthful, combining out- nnlocated by warrants, are not extensive, *anddoor arid kidoor resources, appropriating the pleaV- unfortunately. for rubber operations, are not. coas^ antestpart of tbe twemty-fbur hours, at least for lards, but on the coal hills and table lands of. Segoviasmiths, 23,286 general laborers, 3" lockfimiths and gun- miners and ^aanynien, 262 painters, paperhaugers,There-is a good deal of excitement in Granada and on the river, from the newB that Walker was at Roa- tan with a force and vessel. It is said that Honduras threatens revolution, and that Omooa and the coast will declare for Cabanas and -Walker. Why not ? No- tbmg Is eurpriaing in Spanish-Indian politics, and it isthe mere hauling of the rock for the basement story, without considering anything for labor in quarrying, or for the preparing and laying of the rock is this nice*j little sum to be expended. The building is to cover an area of 21,850 feet. With such matters are the Mor- mons presently occupied, and to talk about, quitting;engaged in the same enterprise, in England.'.'eame sentiments, in almost any section of the North, •would not, I imagine, have been as quietly received. Taking everything into consideration, the time, the place, and the man (Who I was told was the. owner of 40 or 50 negroeb), it was an unaccustomed scene.mdraw out from $25 io §">0,000 of '" good American cellent india-rubber haveC-been ee'nt from the Chinan-OCCUP A TIONS PF EMIGRANTS.—Of tlie 120,432 emi- elected from both" the leading parties. There was and Ohio rivers, among the prairies or the northern- grants who left (Sreat Britain and Ireland last year, cheating in the game. The political dice wero evident- part of the State arid the hills of the south; and al?y -.during the whole Summer arranging matters for the in- hiss, while more than once I noticed a smile of appro- auguration of a direct trade between ports ou.the Eu- bation. His a -.ecdotes, which were few, but alwaysilant strawberry beds, and_build up and adorn a ba .cent; his agents are always promised a share plant strawberry beds, and build., up and adorn a beautiful city.thirty. Yours, truly,\ R. JONES.regard to popular elections. It is impossible to boHeve that so many corrupt men happened by accident to beState. Every town has its Club of Wide-Awakes or Kail-Splitters, who are enthusiastic, intelligent, aad working, and along the Wakash, White. Whitewater,the article baa been scarce and high in the markets of corn would ripen in thoce valleys. We know tbat com andsocialpurposes,andalioveall,asgivingtheun- &Cbontales.Theaewhoknowtherubbertreearej*%ndyouhav.enotpower,andwillnothaveforalongtime,topro- aware that it grows' on the.hot, moist, low lands of the ' duce one kernel ol wheat. Some do not seem to realize that thechandlers, 24 tanners and curriers 25 turners, 69 wheel- ' emhuhed the machines." The proceedings of the Legislature did the rest.. Tbis faction, the authors of wrights, .8 woolcombers and sorters, and 6,965 of trades so much mischief to the. City and State, are again inpamted woman a chant e. For however your pow- toast, on the bauks of the rivers and the estuaries of Lord gives or takes away, increases- or diminishes, at his pleas- not particularly specified. Of the other sex, 7,107Pacific. Before New-Xork rubber men go into this chael Angelo could paiint his Fates, grand and Se- hopeful operation, which will soon belaid before them,KEOOMING NATIONAI.." Weenjoy a great privilege in being'gathered put from thespeak, of a limb or brauoh pertaining to the Federal Govern-:meat, which ouwt grow, increase, spread, and prosper exceed- similar to the. Mississippi bigh-pressuro steamboat, anavere. But what are re > to do with these simulatedwritten by Henry Clay to the present hour, it has oc- God hat provided the place, where we can dtaemble, a» it were, in shrimp, for the capture of some foolish stray perch, our cupied a place in niy portfolio,- among other cherishedlet them go over the ground and see upon what the feces, where yonth and ajB[e are alike overlaid with operation is based.that we had just thrown into tne water, baited with a a-national capacity. W e are now in the relationship, so to attention was aroused by a quick and sharp puffing,"But do we realize that Henry Clay is dead T Who can realize that never again that majestic form shall rite iu the council-chamber of his country, to beat baox the storms of anarchy which may'threaten, or pour the oil of peace upon the troubled billows, as they rage and menace around ? Who can realize.that the work- ires of that mighty mind have ceased—that the throo- hings of that gallant heart are stilled-that the mighty Hweep of that graceful arm will be felt no more,^and the magic of that eloquent tongue, which » £ » - • * - spake no other tongue besides is > u a ^ - ^ TM \or; ever ? Who can realize that freedom's champion-the chamnion of a civihzed world, and of all tongues and k S S s ? and people, has indeed la lien ? Alas, m thoseA boughten bloom neutral to cither, and natural to No American man-of-war has been in the Pacific i neither? "Non pari;am di lor, * ma guarda e ports of Nicaragua since the Wyoming and Lancastermemorials of the past.We are now engaged in a political contest the result•papav" Cloos»-:*Or, in the inor<! familiar words of Mother ll" Let t)wwn aloiMS iid thf j*Jl go bomb,W ith thelz ir/opi hanpd^ behind thorn."I am happy to state that no ." American Minister" left in Mayhas been here for eome time. I see a Mr. Churchill ofTennessee has been appointed to Guatemala. ThatState had enough of backwoodsmen in."poor dementedReverdy Clark, who spent, bis time " going to Rome"ingly."'" Our neighbors, who have driven us from them, wish to civil- on a trial trip, but before we could prepare to get out Freedom and Free Labor on one side, or Slavery Ex-with a set of ignorant Indian priests. While BeverlyYou would like to hear further, no doubt, of the was amnsirg nimself in this way, Charles Leuox do hot want to talk about it. They ars to be pitied, for they are tunity to. t-ontemplate its movements. The hull hasI ask Ihe frienJs of " Old Harry'' who are yet unde-cided which banner they will rally under, to read thisIjrarlands of flowers are a .«>hung within. The best the Cabinet of the Government of Nicaragua. A short prnytis and Jay down In peace, foi murderers will not bo around' dead points. When tlioy would turn her short round, - v«he slightly listed, but it was surprising to BCOin whatranks of.their old enemies .'Havicg read it, let every Old-Line Whig inscribe;ttirrisges keep coming md going—coachmen and f time ago Zeledan, the arch treaty-maker,who has been "Shall we, like the Presbyterians, Methodists, ami oth«r«, 1 simply prepare to die, and then depmt ? No, .1 -intend it perse-Untitled Documenta Bhort space she would go round. On the stretch1 .r"ThebusinesspartofthiscityIsateo^rapidlyshanging ar»ne«ra»>ce. When the cit^ v a a first laid out it a few mnVa for his health. While he was away TW intended that all houe^r;8honld be fenced iur tear-*»inT R I B U T E , are so apt to fee«, toneMng eoffcb, ietj ing twenty feet interv^'^g between the hous«» and the^ V T O R T , Aa$. 30,1860.Tk« lnorwi^rcoutJtt^ehot, Hb* afterwwna r e , nicest of French; maids waiting to knock you. into te^or,etc and V ^ g ^ f f ^ f S ^ S ^ the fences w.<3»> taken"*down, leaving a still largeror<Sani, and the.general aspect of things. Tjje- Cbsmnioro bundled them alt ?*%i**&S>^r& ifence at the side ^a [k., when stores were first opened 1 shape, and to smooth your ruffled flowers with. a. Nations, the present Mmist.r ^ N r J / g a t t . a njan ijargin for sidewalks. This year, the merchants are ;^ ^ V ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ A ^ ^ ^ the dddihgsplfndi.d front buildings on tho twenty feet Orig- State Election bids fair to parallel the, crmmph of the Freedom and Reform.IwahVBg. m e * it raioa, there is an universaltaporlMiih, and perspiration become* agonurng. I magical touch. "You steal an anxious look at the of/fedncation ar>d liberal views. Muiister oi iVar, iaahy reserved for the flower-garden, and making a Republicans in September, '56. The Douglas men are New-York, S«vt. 3,1860. . , ,- .glass—you have eome from a distance,, and ^\ the editor of the Government paper, * -ftll_ fo„ that very ba^Bome street,- Everything W.okena stay, working hard,: and have taken, encouragement from- ' ..J • I^ASTILASD, 13th Jane, 1846."^ My Dear Szr: I received your very kind letter and thank you for the sentiments of friendship, attach-ment, ana confidence which you do me the hoD-br to entertain for me. You have be*n pleased to express your approbation of my public services, an£ especially of the support I have ever given to tbfc p'roteition of American industry. That support was prompted by an anxious desire to promote what. I conwdered waa demanded by the beet interests of ouV whole country* It wae only a part of a general system on which IIi tie corn and melon* do sot grow it ooTaatbe dresses about you are, as the little girl feai^ 0f, her hi* .prcfeesicn having fitted torn « g g * & ,bnildi Vsmhelliah. and make yours'lv^a oomfoitablei* the visit of their leader, the Litttle Giant. But they T'ne Federal oflicers give no indications of coming;. find ii up hill work. The People here lore Liberty,• Sixth Ward, a The People's the Sixth Wa1 fire-works. -I filled with a bi scene was in.-p made by ttte 1 B. Harding; J Littler, of luwto was held'b; Ward, at the c street. Addrej•Vtrree, Thoe. pin. In the co a torchlight pr• —The "Hon ing addren-v i "burg Va. Bi wereclearly« cbukfbe nc da1fc«ir own feott—ann, <jhower, and ate*:* having Sunday robe, V so best i" The maid reassures youoffici. Don Ansehno is an able man, t h - ^ n o t re markably liberal. Cardenas of # g a a is Mioieter of Finance. I do not ksow hi*. The Minister of Financewith, "Madame nyest pds trov ^tjfonneV." Youpass down with a throng of glorified beings in all lost removed was a good officer, and [ hope the new suits, and matters that cannoV be settled elsewhere end they see through the specions pretexts of "; Popu-one will make as mu«h out of the slender Treasury Or. than before the Pibtrict Courts, that they should be lar Sovereignty." We feel. that we can promise youWhen it came down upon the cOrn, it cut it into shreda. It has done a good deal of damage to the crops where it fell. • • k, "Companies of emigrants for the West continue to ar- rive from the East and pass on toward the place of their destination.-On Friday last, Capt. Randall Fuller, from Fari- bault, Minnesota, arrived via Pike's Peak, with a company of 41 men, 14 wagons, and 37 hors?8 and mules, all well and in good condition. He left on Tuesday for Sacramento by the Central route.AQUATIC—GRAND NATIONAL REGATTA AT POUGH- KEErsiE.—This fine Regato, for which'unusual prep- arations have been made by i' e citizens of the City of Poughkeepsie, will come off on Wednesday and Thurs- day next, Sept. 5 and 6. The course rowed will be five miles, starting from a yacht anchored off the Kaal' Rock, and proceeding to a stake-boat 2£ miles up the Hudson, and returning. The first day's races will con- sist of siogle-scoll working-boats, two-pair acull shell- boats, and Bix-oared boats. The second day's races will consist of two-pair scull working boats, single-scull champion shells, and four-oared shell-boats. The prizes in all the raceB are very liberal, amounting in the aggregate to between $600 and $700. Oarsmftn from Boston, Philadelphia, New-York City, New- burgh, Poughkeepsie, Pittsburgh. Rochester, and, it is-hoped, from the British Provinces, will contend fortjbef honor of the championcy with the Empire State's"Nothing further, has been heard as to Walker'swhereabouts; but great alarm and'excitement are saidto exist on account of his supposed proximity to thecountry, and the foreign residents (more particularly J r ~ . , , i . . the Americans) are regarded with suspicion, and treafe 1 h a B ever.tak«n place m our waters ed with great coolness by the authorities and thepeople. .. "K' WISCONSINSTATEFAIR.—The TenthAnnualExhi- " A.Russian built brig, carrying the New-Granadian bition of the Wisconsin State Agricultural Society'finds no b"-* .guager '"-Dor whh him in ti tbat I have «vnot what the 1 I .wish "to 'io want to kiov*Douglas, wi h State-of Mia Douglas whet[Loud laughtecratic maulitr of "Good- while I was a to be on a COD I will »ayt&FROMUTAH.therefore, when I was told that the Hon. Gecrge D. Blakey, a well-known and .influential ciizen of the.place, would, after dinner, deliver a speech, advocating the election of Lincoln. Of course, I was bound io hear him. At the appointed time, I repaired to the Court-House, and found the orator, surrounded by a large crowd of " Gallant Ken-grow brighter and brighter every day. The Demo- crats of that hitherto stronghold have lost their confi- dence hvthe leaders of the party and are much divided,, while many of them have become converts to the Re- publican cause, and others show a supineness and* indifference which they care not to throw off. From allpartsoftheStatecometidingsofnewaccessionsto- our party and desertions from the enemy. Many prominent Americans, too, have become disgusted?with the procedure of the managers of the Bell-Everett party in other .States, and have boldly and plainly announced their preference for " O l d A b e " of the!-Correnpondenc© of The N. Y. Tribune.GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. 10, 1860.arrived here yesterday afternoon, having made theThe emigrants report a good iourney, and abundant there, he threw off his cloak, and, in a public-meeuogthe city. Of the magnitude of this edifioe, your read-. A cotton factor of thie cky last year sent off a consid-ere will form tome notion from the fact, jtbat the foun-1 erable amount of the staple in thus manner. . Mr. Bar- the Union. His audience, which was large, maintainedWISCONSIN.-^THE HARVEfiT.—A letter to TRIBUNE, dated Baraboo, Sauk Connty, Wis., Aug. 25, says:In the SEMI-WEEKL Y TRIBUNE of four days ago,Utah is fo talk of suicide. Brigham Young knows' you saj : " A private letter from Wisconsin assures Kg THE LATE CORRUPT LEGISLATURE, ANDNOT GOING TO'LEAVE." Many may inquire, .'how long shall we stay her©?'on the suppoeed average of twenty bushels per acre. Our county has not an acre of wheat this year th*tWe sbullstay her«« juat an long as we ought to. ' Shall we be driven,.ure. After the devil, by permis'lou. had stripped Job of his pos- the field. The Brookeite Know-Nothing leaders are were domestics and farm servants, 119 gentlewomenher Royal •brated at' •custi>marv family. 1dermgs and plasterings; may pass muster by gas- the sea; in such h>cal5tiea Nicaragua1 has no lands. uession*1, in a short time ttie Lord blest him with a greatly in- sgain conservative. But, luckily for the people, one light, believe me, friend s, they are borrid by day- And. if it^should happen that some epota could be dis- creased abundance. The Lord..suffered the devil, to strip him of and governe:ees, 251 milliners, dressmakers, andlight There is no dec«iption—the fixed white and covered where the State huts still a title and rubber what he had bleat him with, and thou increased those blessing*. needlewomen,; 14 562 married • women, and- 18.- party, at least, refuses* to trade -or compromise withpink look positively tigly and silly. How would Thus it is with His people in all agus." - forest is found, there is nothing in the contract with the GETTING RICH.you Jike a stereotyped I sky, or- a glaring diamond Government: to prevent any one from going on and " The people here aTe rich. Look at those who were in Mis- with no play and chan ?e of irradoscence ? Well, locating that very land, and taking it from the con- souri, in JNauvoo, and in Winter Quarters, and there are only a.032 of undistinguished occupation (a largo total, them: That the fact in relation to the election of tho which seems to indicate tbat the official- exami- corrupt Legielature is as stated nbove, the people of nation into the pursuits of the female sex is not of the several counties can easily satisfy themselves; andithe beH^ o John's Oh the royal 1 banner?; itsuch is-woman, when h jr color comes from without, trattors. It may-be that Nicaragua intends to assert very few but what are now worth mpre than they evar expected a very rigid nature). The remainder of the emigrants ;that a similar game' in intended by'the fusion„of theto be The Lord has increased our flocks and herds, until some were children, and of thesa 8 431 boys, and 8,130 girls, eorcuptionifcta now holding the Federal offices with the and v*t from within, j«'ie; to be content to abdi- (her newlv restored right over the Carib and'Mosquito aTe sorry they have so many for the Indians and thieves to drive were under 12 years of age; 3,046 were infante, and Biookuite Know Nothings, is the opinion ofcate, nature, and. to wear, a mask. What cOttSts,. where there is rubber enough; but how is she uvvny. Look at the fields,' the settlements, the good houses, and 14,517 were undistinguished aa to age or sex. to enforce her authority over thr.se lawless and distant the numerous comforts and conveniences calculated to, makeartist, ever drew ' inspiration from a painted home useful and happy. Throughout the Territory you BOO a face ? Better these tru swrinkles; honestly got and tribes, or who but Cariba and Mosquitos can live and people more iniuitriouH than any other people in the vvorld, and acknowledged. -From a tru^ young face, Raphael woTk in the damp, feverous jungles of the Mosquito ^>ne that l>roducfeB more than any other we ure acquaintedcould make a Madonnai; from a true old one, Mi- chore? Itr is bad enoach-on the-rubber lands of the with.". . A LOOKER ON. A FAMILIAR VOICE TO OLD-LINE WHIGS.. Jbythe roy frvm the iiJlsjeety,bratedihe HofeL t Nixon, ;l held th' p Itsrwickft. permiisi^i and a vnr the Royal ccntributi porfdrn&u• hcodw'i- the Cole*wicked. \Ve now have the' privilege of associating together, pot only as individuals, families, neighborhoods, and cities, butcivilization—in the drunkrtmess, quarreling, debauchery, fight- we,drew m our line, sat still, and had a capital oppor- ing and tumbling Into ditches. Tlioy wish to civilize u.*t! B u t !ripening for destruction. - been lengthened, some 125 feet, we believe, and it now live your religion. Store up your surplus grain, and when youagination can.fill up at, leisure. Suppose the re- mala is one of the moi^t improving countries on the pound of butter, every duztuof eggs, every bushel of grain, and stantaneouBiiess of the "human will. As it came head the spirit of conquest manifested in a desire for new every good tblng'.yon can lay hold of, to those who would cut on toward us, several times during its trial-trip up andception to take place in a sumptuous house by the globe, and has a strong government, the exportation, our throats, if they had the power. Had tlioy the power, they down the river, we had a clear view of its propelling soil to pollute with the cureo of human bondage—the aea, with fresh bre««e* circulating through of cochineal, indigo, sampanlla, vanilla, hides, &c, would lay every soul that would'not'reuounoo this work. Tlioyhave not" th' e powert and never will have. Israel •will be wheel. It revolved with all the majesty of a huge duty oi every true lover of his country to stand by and the well-aired rooms, /and piazzas from are very teTfze, always exceeding the valae of imports, u..u i.v* »*jv j.wnv., >»uu noioi vruu nave. ISl'a'M •Will be mill-wheel, .right about the center of tho hall,.and soand the whole trade is done ^vit'i Europe, and so far as gathered, the poor will be gathered, and this laud of Joseph will sustain the free institutions, of the land. which one sees the lawn] smooth ana.clean as if it can bo seen, it is likely to be. When is our Gov- be freed IVoni oppressors. Their power is broken, and they will favorably set were tho floats,.that it scarcely lifted thego down'to the p. it,. while Zion will uri*»f. and' —wi'c-*ked• men and water at all on the emerging side. There was some Having read it, can they become the dupes of the devils cannot prevent it. God has decreed this, aud we ar.> sensible irregularity at times in the revolution of tho "bell-ringeraVand political "auctioneers" who areafternoon receptions, in!favor of winch I have justrecorded my vote. I have been long to-day, and •Wyke, the English Consul General, through his di-" Be faithful, humble, prayerful, and watchful; mid be sure to makes quite a formidable appearance on ths water. It letter—mark welFits sentiments with reference to thepjo'macy became Minister, and now is made £/>•can only give a hasty feature or so, which your im- Charree, and appointed Minister to Mexico. Guate- have done tbat, do, to speak ironically, a» some have take erery floated like a duck, and obeyed the helm with the ih- development of the industrial iuterests of the country—to the barber's for the oc rasion. Tufts of beautiful. ernment to be done! with such vueji as are sent as Min- isters to Centra; America ? -• -going to help him perform it, and bring, r-ightrtou'suess upon thechrysanthemums embroider it here and there. - Aufr. 15 —There"has baen an entire change made in lund ; iiud the righteous will see the day wln-n they can say their propeller, evidently arising from the cranks passing the seeking, by falne' representations, to lead them into' thothem. • •and is to be, without Henry Clay ? Such a man the footmen m all the stateiir ess of bands and buttons. playing upon American Miniated of late years, resigned, vere In lighting the devil until he is driven .from the fae«» of the coming in; h«i* velocity was terrible, if one may so upon tho palm of his hand the following sentiment of tiuVs have 'demanded aud'such in the *»**»!*THEbetter, than quit these mountains. In bis recent north- that the new wheat threshes eet'even better than theerntour he had to address the anxious crowds who estimates; and that the crop will not fall short of thirty HOW IT WAS ELECTED.gathered round to greet him, and in the newiy pub- millions of bushels." -Let me refer you to the report Ta ike Editor of The N. K Tribune.lished batch of " remarks," we have some very spicy of the Committee sent out by our State Agricultural SIR: All seem to agree that.the last Legislature was offices are following his example nobly. The speak- morceaux as for example:to refrain from saying anything in favor of the lawyers of that State sajs that the prospects for thd•Republican party. I was not a little-surprised, triumph of the Republican etandard-bearerB thera266 blacksmiths and farriers, 26 bookbinders and sta- It will be recollected by all that, about a year ago,tioners, 287 boot and shoemakers, 49 braziers, tinsmiths there was a faction of men in the State who made places rapidly gaining ground with the . masses. The* and whitesmiths;' 22 potters, brick and tilemakers; 606 extra claims to political honesty. The name which snccees'.of the S^ate aa well as the National ticket is bricklayers, plasiererSj and masons; 31 builders, 1.14 they assumed "to themselves was that of "Machine-. considered ascertain by those who are competent for-have been here twenty years, and have tried it in vain over andover again." I told him, if he would wait a year or two we wouldshow him wl at could be done. A man named . Wells, livingwith A)i!esGoodyear, where nowis Ogden City, had n-'few beu.nKgrowing, and carried water from the river in a pailtj irrigute sional men, and merchants; 17 jewelers ana silver- balance of power; nominate such and such candidates,naakere and trimmers, 18 coal miners, 54 coopers, 17cutlers, 145 domestic servants, JO dyers, 11 engravers, the conservative, balance-of power party, that was to 141 engineers, 4.439 farmers, 1.454 gen demon, profes- defeat all the corrupt politicians. Thoy went to theother political bodies, and said, "Now we hold the smiths, 92 millers and maltsters, 8 millwrights, 771 or we will defeat you" These threats were made; " What do you think, Br. Brigham( of our conduct during themove, and under the circumstances since that time I". "I think and plumbers; 111 pensioners, 70 printers/ 10 rope- licans. When the nominations were made, they man- the occasion of the death of the latter. We give anecmetinj'-'s to the*Democrats, sometimes, to the Repub- And 1 do not think that many moved from here but what were makers, 42 saddle and baraessmakere, 4 s%ilmakers, 46 aged to cast their votes so as to elect the worst men.Lincoln to the " Gallant Harry of the West," paid onthat the very great majority of you have done extremely well.perfectly willing to do so A vttry few say they have been broken ! sawyers, 269 seamen, 24 shipwrights, 1,045 shopkeep- When the election was over, Tne .Express came out" d o The »reat ma-1 ers, 331 smiths, 290 spinners and weavers, 34.s<igar with quite a crow at the success of its trick.. It badunderstand the true y plow, sow, plant, irrigate, eto.,extract:bakers and boilers, 10 surveyors, 337 tailors, 1 tallow :" On the 4th day of July, 1776, the people of a fewfeeble ,and| oppressed colonies of Great Baitain, in-habiting a portioh of the Atlantic coast of North Ame- *',rica, piibicly declaredtiieir National Independence, andmade their appeal to the justice of their cause, and tothe God of battles, for the maintenance of tliat decla-ration. That" people were few in numbers, andwithout' resources, save only their wise heads andstout hearts. Within the first year of that declared in-dopeiSdence, and while its maintenance was yet pro-,bleinatic^—while the bloody struggle between those ro-solnte rebels and their haughty would be masters waastill waging, of undistinguished parents, and iu an ob-scure district of one of tnose colonies, Henry Clay wasborn. The infant nation and the infint child began the.racs together. For three-quarters of a century they,have traveled hand jn hand. They have been com-panions ever. The nation has parsed its peril, and utree, prosperous, and powerful. The child lias reache4his manhood, Irs middle age, his old age, and is dead. i. seated the In all that has concerned the nation the man ever eym- - fr^m the C pathized, and now tho nation mourns for the mauv - Eoyal GaiWINANS'S STEAMER.—On Saturday hist, about noon,as we were quietly seated beneath an umbrella on the To theEditor'of TheN. Y. Tribun*.stem shoetsof a boat anchored' near the buoy, in the SIR: Fiom the time that the following letter was Patapew, opposite to La'cross. lazily lingering a lineturning to see what it was, wo saw coming right to- ward ue, Winans's huge black whale-looking monster,of which wjll-be for good or evil, iu the triumph of ize us. Vou have had a little experience in the lessons of their Of the way, we saw it would pas.8 outside of us, and so tension, on the other.A T)IG AT THE GENTILES..» iRepublisan party:eurrent to Jlow through wy reins, I will rwvtt, nerer never,hy-^ord-,ortlwwght,bymindorwffl,aidnl admit ing one rood of, fr,* terri^ry to the everlasting5curee of ioman bondage," . 'Our chief is de«d, but the gallant Lincoln djyidw theforces of our common foe and bears'aloft the banner ofdark hours ofand drtfad which our land has ex-' •.•>:^-:'•,:Or'3*( V-.aiiitafjA'-'J**'-if*jmiw*i., i&fiCThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069in the dazzri/ig hvfl we I ic Qxrmwiww, playing on titt lio/ior of Foreign, Relation* Martinez resolved to wih, UMI it is luinvU iuto )> pttrutDje; aud. jjo prepared \,h% ejwik,XBiil't, JPatrivU1 the noble Clay, embodying the yitttl principle of the' God, was given us. But although hia formi*W«ta«fwww.fultonhistory.coml ^ W . -,. ..-:• ^,^:J*,J^.r..J^^^^^^,-..^•>*:*•>*>> V 