 T*e Fln»: It -kin* Ip of ""aril NEW YORK HERALD. meats tor t_i- K m Political f»tr-rtiereA.wvwvwv*Anim tf the m&* * tmomimZ •«*•_* *»v* ^^j-rgJ A M B SGO K DOMmrrc* Aim HUFtioiHitOrrtcv *. w. coawea or *A**AB an* n'Lfw« • « •HA V SWmmdmr. Pmttmft (MMpt • " notium ** I M ' TMHITMMKMALD mtbe few persons at tbe North who believe in the general principle of free farms; and, secoad, M to reduce tbe revenue as to be able to carry out• •TuTrAmiLYtion on tbe proscriptive platform of the Knowexpose tbe real character of the measure. TberiFfr.-"nTM/Vti OARDEW. Broadway - J * r * ~ i »AU-BoWKRV TH«AT»K. ft*»«7 -Jft»tftt-VuJJ*M»-Tw* BoaatcMiUEt.WIKTKS <i ARD_i. Brosd-Af. o»|*_l* Band ««*»•— Ot* P_J~A-O*, _ _ _ _ _I.ACBA KiaufK>THiAT»it No. CM aaadway-Qaaa-The duty oa ashes was to be idV/'»ru had received a first warning Or1 JATAHMkBa*AMTintW BOWRKTTUKATU Bowery -8«u_*0*—P»—r- •Ds—Ro-'t Toe* r»cutftbe cession ofwhich precedes the promulgaUoa ef tbe treaty, M Tbeo- vi—4 explaim tbe except.«_ character af the aew ac- quisition, aad says the Imperial policy has est base directedbyambitious thoughts, tbe acquisition k_ eat been obtained by force, but only by the gratitade aed friendship of the sovereigns, increased by tbe sprmtaat ous and unanimous enthusiasm af the peopi?.The Bourse was animated, aad the Rentes oa the Urn closed at Slf. He.fTALr.The Sardinian Senate had approves the treaty eedtsg-Savoy and Nice, by s vote of St against IS.The evacuation of Italy by the French troops was c e aDieted. Marshal VaLOant was expected to Turn oa tee 12th.It was stated that fresh bands of insurgent, were me- nacing the frontier of the Roman States, and Lamorieiere had sent additional troops there.J The financial condition of the French government con tinned very unsatisfactory, and an omc.al decree extends the time for closing the subscr<pt.»ns to the new leas until the loth of July.AUSTRIA.The Austrian government bad resolved upon lacreastoxthe effective strength of the second army in Venetia, and a corps of cavalry is also to be collected ia tbe Italtoa Tyrol, that part of the Austrian territory nearest to Lorn hardy.The Wiener Zeittmg contains a decree ordering that the Stadtholdership of Hungary shall come into effect oa the 1st of July, at which period the Ave existing departments of tbe central government, which were entrusted with the organisation of Hungary, are to be abolishedThe same journal also publishes a decree granting to tbe Central Lombardo Venetia* Congregation a deemva right to a deliberate vote upon all matters except upon such questions as affect the rights of the governmentSPAIN.In the Cortes tb? Pragressesta party had proposeda m e n d m e u t e t o t h e a d d r e s s i a r e f e r e n c e t o t h e q u e s t i o n concerning the amnesty aad the law decreeing the b _ _H—BXCM'B AMBBJCA»ftild F.» tuta*—OV« I*IA» t ' O 0 W » — * ~ » 0Bro_-Ay.— tHf CWAJOMTIEA, A t•«_. • UiMTixu is Kisior:_ KjrrsaTAiaMASTS. AcOORNTfN Of THIBT-NNTH STRKKT AND FOCBTH A V K> IK. —CAUTUM.< t . Man *«a«ia.rALACK OARI>E.N* FmirteeuA A.rMi.-faoanWAWl Co»- Ocar »*» Hoiaaa l u m i n .rulns.of the oid party with which he acted, and every one is now freed from bis party ties, and to go whither he Usteth. Neither Breckinridge nor Douglas has any claim on him on account of the past, and they must base their claims to popular support, in the new order of things, on the same ground where they will meet so many other claimants for popular favor—future ser- vices and a true spirit of national statesmanship.Whoever takes' a broad view of the coun- try and its attendant circumstances cannot fail to perceive what the new order ofinridge.Thus, then, the order of this Presidential but-tle u at length made up, to wit:— KK—BLIOAN TICSKT.Far Prfsidtnt—Ahnuiam Lincoln, of Illiaow Fbr Vice l^retident—Hannibal Hamlin, of Mait:.'coNSTrTtrriONAt. r/NiOH TICXBT.fbr President—Jolia Bell, of Tennessee.fbr I'we President—EJward Bverett, of M*ssacU_eU*norm—i DKMOCRATIC Ticxsr.Far President—Sti-phen A. Douglas, of Illinois.*br rice l"residrnt—Bci.jamin Fitzpatrick, of Alabama.ANTI-DOOOLAS DEMOCRATIC TICIKT.Fbr PretuUfU—John C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky. #br Vice President—Joseph Lane, of Oregon.Four parties and four tickets in the field, with! •CONCXXT HAU- N*wArk.-<lao. Csaanr'a Miaaraiu «oao«. DAjica* HcKi.a»<jtr«A, Ac—JATAWaaa Ta«*TT.Mow Worav. MoaHar . «»»-• *•"'• *'»«*>•MAILS FOB EUBOPB.Tl»a Mow \'mrU Hor-W — BoUttoa for Bf»f«.a Bourbon role.A grand military review was to be held in Partson the 14th to celebrate the formal annexation of havoy and Nice, after which the Emperor would leare for Baden to meet the Prince Regent of Proa- cm and the German sovereigns.There was s good demand for money at London, with no change in rates. Consols closed at 93j a 93j for account, ex dividend. The cotton market atLiverpoolwasdullandunchanged,withunfa- vorable advices from Manchester aa to the slate of trade, quotations being barely maintained. Flour was steady, with an upward tendency in wheat andtornado.So now the division of the popular elementsrestaurants who may sell liquor alone in private rooms or at tables, or what are called "eatingtired, the soldiers set Are to all the houses in their way.Ml'SKTJM.I B H 1 I T T ,Ffaot, thiw ex-The revolution in tt• minority portj" ©rfiai- their twin* schemes. They managed to got thebill through both houses through the cowardiceof some Northern members and Senators, who _££Z7£_1.X MWM* ~* «-^iTi—. the subsequent attempts to create an organisa- were afraid of losing a few votes should theyTHE SICILIAN INSURRECTION.EfACi.TION OF PALERMO. ATROCITIES OF TBI NEAPOLITANS_ <uiseuppalnoieeemnoln i l irs* ir«*xr gsiu„>. «—• j«~*» * _T-J»r a**. - to ?- —•••• *• *~??^~°!TMr7E, _}"Y'IHKz*ti<.a-began with the defeat of Gm. Soott andBRr ANTS' mxsTwaa, M—hank*' H»a. i7J Broadway .— autre 1828; and on Saturday the politiciansBe*— ****. SOMA, DASCM, *C—HCM« AT KAAMSOAOOOB.TK-VU? Or HACK. Ml Br_d»Ar.-"Soi«a_ FA*tA»- TMwrs •» rvor JACOSS A«B OO*UJ« tbrsianLT.who bate managed it paseed at Baltimore the solemn act absolving the maaae* from their old allegiance, and presented two sets of politicalNATIONAL fONCKBT SAJJOOM, National The-tr*.— lenders f*oliciticg their suffrages. No individual Sows. D**c_, »IIH-I»II, Ac democrat can hold fealty to both of the conflict-a downward one in corn, but prices unchanged. Arise had taken place in the Parisian wheat market, county newspapers and the political organs to tin account of unfavorable crop reports. make great men by a system of elaborate andTbe steamship Champion, Capt. Fletcher, from continued puffing. Public men.as they appearbaa Francisco and Rio de Janeiro, arrived here in the arena of public affairs, are subject to theyesterday. She leIt Rio on the 2d inat., and w e independent judgment of national journalism, have full files of Rio papers to that date, three and they must grow or diminish in reputation o'clock P. M. Yellow fever had subsided. There as their views are broad or contracted, their is no news of any importance.is a young, fine looking, talented, cultivated and popular man. On hia Southern rights platform he will, doubtless, carry all the cotton States, excepting, perhaps, Louisiana; but the intervention of a Douglas electoral ticket may take from him the democratic balance of power in all the border slave States, and some of the second tier also, whereby those States may be secured to Bell and Everett.On the other band, assuming that the admin- istration will co-operate in support of the Breckinridge ticket, from what quarter are the ainews of war in the North to be supplied to Mr. Douglas T We know that the "financial and material aid" collected from the office holders of poor Pierce contributed very essentially to the election of Mr. Buchanan. In this instance Collector Scbell, in going over to the Breckin- ridge side, acted, no doubt, with a rbll under- standing of the position of the administration. But its position in reference to Mr. Douglas laTHE CASE OF JACOB S. HARDEN, THE WIFE and all authorities along the coast, to apprehend h\mt if POISONER.—Yesterday we published a tele- possible.The news of the nominations of both Conventionswas received at Washington with every demonstra-tionofenthusiasm bythe politicians ofbothsec-tions of the democracy. A serenade was given ganization of political parties which has never Mr. Douglas on Saturday evening, when he made a before existed. The independent journals of speech suitable to the occasion, aad which we giveCount Aquila, uncle of the King of Naples, was strongly pastoroftheMethodistchurchthereannounced urgingtheadoptionofanItalianpolicyandaliberalcon-from his pulpit, on Friday evening, that Harden sutut.'on for tbe government of Naples.elsewhere. The vote cast for Mr. Douglas on thecast ballot in the Convention was 173|, and on the men are continually discussed as they rise, andin permanent session, where measures and aecond 1*1|. which is destined to exercise a continually in-dons in refusing to commute hia punishment to sell announced that, as there was but very little pros- imprisonment is thus justified by the pri- pect of the Reform bill being passed this session, the soner himself, and that stern New Jer- government, with the view of preventing further waste sey justice, which is the dread of all evil of time, was reluctantly compelled to withdraw the mea- doers, is again vindicated. Harden has been sure. He promised to bring forward a new bill at theThe Senate confirmed a number of nominationscreasing poweramong Unpeople and in govern-on Saturday evening, among them that of Major ment. It is this congress which will in the main Emory, to be Lieutenant Colonel by brevet Mr.earliest opportunity at the next session.Disraeli congratulated the government on thettiurcheU's nomination aa Minister to Guatemala, and that of Mr. Nicholdsoa aa Consul at Turin, were not acted upon.animate and direct the ideas of the people, andevery mile of new telegraph or new railroad,every improvement in the transmissionrTrf intel- too well understood to require any collateralengaged for some time in dictating thisThe United States Steamer Seminole, under ligence and newspapers, tends to increase its orders at the Brasillian station, has been examined influence. Under its guidance the natural na- by the government naval constructors, and pro- tional impulses of the people will break up the nounced seaworthy.evidences to establish it/In this aspect of the case we are not disposedto over estimate the enthusiasm of the Douglasparty, and their heavy cannonading of ore, two,three andfour hundred guns in Albany, Buffalo,Chicago, Indianapolis and elsewhere, on receiptof the news of his nomination. There is no visiblecontingency in which he can be elected, for the diate publication if the fates were adverse, Jus- On the 12th, in the Commons, Lord Palmerston statedold system of county and town party organiza- It is now looked upon as certain that the Post tions, in which the same professional politiciansIf it were known how many criminals were par-Office Deficiency bill will not be passed at this ses-sion of Congress. The total amount included in thebill for the expenses of the last six months is sevenmillion dollars. The bill for ocean mail service to Higher and nobler motives thangreedfor officedoned or escaped the sentence of the law by cial treaty with France, and protested against the m.s- when the Prince Regent was mv -ed Ui- Emperor wisbedCalifornia has also failed.will thus become infused into the conduct of allcombinations by which he might enter the tice, so often represented with bandaged eyes, that in order to afford shelter to persons claiming the pro- commence the fortifications and other works of defencePrivate advices state that the Chinese were our public interests, and weshall get rid of themaking great preparations to resist the French and spoils bunting mania, which has so long beenI—gush forces, and were confident of their ability the bane of national, State, county and towntection of the British flag, the Admiralty had been di- immediately, and tbe commissioners _ , / ? pointed out rected to station a ship of war at Me&slna, another at how they may be available for defence m three or four Marsala, another at Palermo and four in the Bay of months, even while for short of completion. It Naples. He understood that an envoy was on is intended to raue the mouey by termiuaOt* his way from Naples to Parts and London, annuities, so thai the whole may be absorbed and government would not hesitate to expreo* to him in twenty five years The Timet adds-4>>:~ prr-sent ex those feelings with which they, in common with ewerj perditure is enormous, and we must oscar* in svme wayor other. Simply to disband and disarm might inspire ties perpetrated at Palermo, which were really a disgrace contempt nod so provoke aggreesion A gratuitous war Mr. Douglas was ready to withdraw the other tevideo May 8- AU well oa board. The United State? to the present age. He believed that the government of is at best a dangerous speculation. These fortJicattoaa day as a candidate; but this apparent magna- brig Baiabridge was at Colonia May 4 Naples had appealed to its foreign allies to guarantee may enable a moderate army and navy to do the work ofto resist. A n impression prevailed at Shanghaethat the internal troubles of the empire, which hadpolitics alike.Let Mr. Breckinridge and Mr. Douglas take allpective relief from the federal Treasury in behalfof the Douglas workers in this campaign. Mr. Hart, from Norfolk, arrived at Rio Janeiro on the 2tth ofhf hemeiwnisedtoonlyaporuonofIs sal expected to produce any serious was finally agreed upon by the Senate andm the trade. W)mt was Orm on Saturday, House. Tbe President objects to the bill, first, aad m goes SM_ad, ant less active. Wheat wan in good because it is a humbug, and, second, because, ifreignty.Norwouldtherebeanynecessityfor B.White,If.M.Blue,A.Kantz;Captain'saeA.TiUikmree,_et, hngradea; _ aexpert. Cora was bettor, with a goodrabry ftee satao. Pork w i s Srmer, with sales et toresat«ISSTaSitW.aadofaewprimeat*ttetj^ Sugars f t w steady, with sales of lJWhada. at stedayi was arm, with h-tted sales of Rw aadit became a law,it would make aserious inroad upon tbe revenue. We recommend the elo- quent peroration to tbe Message to the atten- tionofthosewhomaybedisappointedbythe President's action in the premises. His exposition of the true theory upon which this government is founded is most clearly, briefly and folly expressed. Our people are self-sup-platform.The withdrawal of Douglas In this way, atstrong, bearer of despatches from Mexico.Jersey City Hews.tbelflth. Theship started on a trial trip oa the Sth, run- ning twelve beam out to sea, and twelve hours back. The trial was regarded as satisfactory, although the rateI le•et is. Sd. a U. 10*d ,would as 'certainly defeat Lincoln. But the jest born, alive, aad then strangle, as tbe body was still the fact that her trim was anything but fa- whole field Is yet covered with the dust and warm, aad marks about _ » seek indicated strangolat ioa vorable for speed, accounted in a measureCoroner Gafiiey was notified and empaaaeUed a jury, wao, for the diminution from the rate obtained last year. smoke of the terrible carnage at Baltimore. A after viewlftg (be body, adjourned mil levss o'o*_*b_' There was some diflteutty, however, in getting the fullia the open market below tbe bank mia- tmum, four per cent The transfer books for consols w-re piop-story to the payment of dividends. The» * the Sort—flea war* alight. _v~TCOf. CO—ow • AxxerThe sales of cotton for to* —rosdays eadiag Tuesday were 17,000 bales, including 1>00 oa apscolatio* and tortbe breaking up of the whig party in 1852, andPRaJTCi.The Panperor wdald leave Parisoa thelSthlerlthere to oaeM the Priaoe Repeat of Praams aad other Oer aaaa sovereigns. Oatbs1Mbtbe-apern wasto_M a graad siUitary review to celebrate tbe anaoottoa etfact is, that land is so plenty and cheap that wmmf/T. tar (mm rouui Go***wo*aa*is AH idea of an "irrepressible conflict" between almost any one, however poor, can obtain am r N r n THEATRE MS Bro_<r-> -HOOL»T A C „ » - ing organizations that have come out of the Douglas wing nominating Vice President Bfeck-Tb<- Ciinaril st.»msh o Niagara. Capt Millar, will leare things really is. It is supposed that the stateffc>-li>o on W*"due»»U;. f«>r Lirwpoai.Tb* ouuli for Kurope will elope in thtf city tomorrow aft.To-x.0 at half p*«t on« o'clock to go by railroad, and at a quarter to four o'rior* to go b> steamboat.Tbe Kcaoriu* tonw» ovrax HBKAU> will be publishedGeneral Sam Houston, as an independent candi- of affairs in relation to political parties? which date, running in Texas. We have had nothingThe ooatenta of the K v m n u j Ewnos or THI HBRAUD from the old republican party, and each gather- will combine th* n^ws received by mail and telegraph a ed to itself accretions from the loose elementsthe office during UM prsvioua week, and up to the hour of I of party politics, and from the then rising gene- publication.Jf„«*cAu& _ Whig Candidate— Daniel Webster .So-Aern Cmservatioe Whig Candidate—Hugh I, White. South Garoli4a Candidate— Willie P . Mangum.But tins division of the opposition forces upon three tickets was not the result of a split, but of an arrangement to carry the election into the House of Representatives. The following was theresult:—T l k * M e w e .The ateanuthip MeliU, from Liverpool on theUlh andLondouderry 14thunit.,pa_edFarther Foist yesterday on her way to Quebec.T h e a t e a n u i h i p t i r e a t E a s t e r n w a s t o l e a v e o n t h e 16th. and wan expected to reach here in ten days.ration of men. Tbe new parties were ranged aftej the old system %f political tactics. To-day this cannot be done. New circumstances attend thecountry,newelementsmustexercisetheir i n f l u e n c e o n p a r t i e s , a n d a t o t a l l y d i f f e r e n t s y s - tem of tactics is required to attain success inThe eraruatinn of Palermo by the Neapolitan future political campaigns. ' troopH waa to hare been completed on the 11th>&imt. The Neapolitan government had decided to concentrate'all the military forces at Syracuse andtiaribaldi is said to have appointed a provisional govern- ment, with Baron Roano Minister of Foreign Affairs; Cris- five hundred, and Pennsylvania by less than the community which affects to monopolize all pi in the Home Office and Finances; Orsini Minister ofMeaaiaa. Palermo had at_ered greatly by the party can succeed. Our sectional interests are homhardjnent. The Neapolitans had committedfour thousand votes; and these two States thus the rigid respectability and severe morality War, and Abbe Coligno Minister of Religious Worship. there is going. Because the Commissioners It is positively asserted that Garibaldi found £000,000tion of their dwellings. Garibaldi had called allhirilians to armsbetween theagesof17aad50.It was rumored in Paris that France and Piedmonthad accepted the mediation proposed by Naples, Those who look only to success in State and under the conditions of a liberal constitution for county elections are incompetent to conduct the Naples and a separate government for Sicily, under affairs of a nation embracing a hemisphere. As• ~1»-cnssioQ of the abstract question a* to the merits of the Homestead bill «c Wlla. Tbey wwe In- troduced in Congress by tbe black republicanswe suppose tbe republican leaders, includingGreeleytids time, are parcelling ont the officesand spoils of the next administration. --mm^mmmmmmmammwm In ia ' *KMCMTIONornt PaiNoaorWaxna—Itis not very often that we find anything entertain- ing in the journals which are published for the information of our neighbors across the fron- tier. As a rule the Canadian newspapers are exceedingly dull. Just now, however, they seem to have been sparred Into a degree of activity which is as agreeable as it is novel and surprising. The cause of this sudden attack of sprightlineas is tbe near approach of the blessed day when his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales shall set his illustrious footNEWS ff^OU EUROPE. |5^L7^JT_^_i lift aai^ taeThe fiav rupture at Baltimore of the oid de-mocratic party arjraaixhkioc con*u_mates theupheaving aad revolution of po-ticsi parties pected to catch the German votes, and those of which began some years since, and now leavesthe people free froa sll Uteirold party affi-liations and ties.I «ri_ff> waere there was water- *-!•—« therewasexisted in 1824 is repeated now; and though to compare with this arrangement since 183C,thu is true as regards the breaking up of old when the following was the order of the day for organizations, it is not so for tbe formation of the Presidency: -at t. u o'clock in Ui«- m-irn:ng Sagtaeopiea, In wrappert, new ones. Then the adherents of Jackson, flemoaatic Candidate—Martin Van Burfn•11 reata. Adams, Oalhoun. Clay and Crawford all came General Whig Candidate*—Vim. H Harrisoa.Wholi- electoral vote K e c c w i a r v U> c ! : r - tFor Van W e nFor Harrisonthe idea that it can be divided into two greatnational parties, or that any purely sectional8S4 M S170 73 26 14 IImeot of the family of Don Canon 900 against 9S.They were rejected,For WhiteThe country has become too large to warrant For Webst-rr fMnafwrni,<«>tts)Hickory's popularity, while the oppositionfoughtlikeguerillasandwastedtheirstrength. than mere local politicians can ever become. Otherwise, upon the single ticket of Harrison, they might have carried the election. Tbey profited from their experience in 1840, and Harrison was elected as by a sweeping popularimmense. The treasury was destroyedlike the Police Commissioners, are never about The Neajiolitans committed great atrocities. Three townonSunday,thatthereislessdrinkingon hundredhouseswereburntbytheNeapolitansinonlyone that day than on the other six in the week. quarter of the town, as well as several convents. At the This is a grave error. It seems that the police moment of retreat, women and children who sought tohave no right to interfere with the keepers of escape from tbe burning houses were killed.The Carini palace was sacked and burned. As they re-pursue, shall be of a higher order,aadpartakemorepurelyofanationalcharacter,NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, JUNK 25, 1860.with a double object in viewNothings of 1864. sad the deatroc-Te abolitionU " T I K W I H to So_ AAA La—mas A » r*oi North and South, which is now being pro_ul- title to the soil. When we know that in iowaT upon American soil. So the newspapers, whichTbe Cri-eat Eastern to Sail oa the Savoy aad Nice, which W M to fee fanudly i thatday A Te Deum was to be oung ia iVoll X X V„aXftt_KXTS THIS KVUTIXa.gated by the sectional Northern party, belong the Queen agricultural State of the Weat, im- Mo. I T * to tbe same order of iMag* T * *&<>* proved farms can be bought for ten or fifteenreflect popular sentiment, are full of details as to the arrangements for the reception of the heir apparent. The most important of these articles will be found in our current impression. It will be recollected that the Canadians were a good deal bothered between their desire to re- ceive the Prince like a prince, and the con- sideration of the amount of money which thething, if done handsomely, would cost.Canadian is more loyal than the Briton who has never been twenty miles away from Temple Bar—the provincials are always more Soman than the Romans themselves—and so tbey have determined to go the entire animal and not to mind the expense, which, according to the Que- becChronicle,willnotbelessthanhalfamillion of dollars. Tbe only Prince of Wales who wasworth anything was he who fought at Creasy; but they have all been very expensive luxuries. George, afterwards Regent and fourth King of his name, was a very dear prince, and by all accounts, the present heir apparent has shown the family strain of blood in more ways than one. However, the Canadians will not throw their money away. The Prince's visit will bring thousands of tour- ists from the United States. People who have never done the Falls, the great lakes, the St. Lawrence, Montmorency, Quebec and the Sa- guenay, will now take the opportunity of making the tour and at the same time seeing the "young man only nineteen years old," who will be one of these days, barring accidents, King of Great Britain and Ireland. The Canadians receive their hereditary crown prince with all the hon- ors due to the immediate representative of one of the estates of the realm, while our people run after the cortege with about the same feeling that they would experience should Tom Sayers show himself in New York. We are not sure that the Prince would have the best of it compared with Tom Sayers, who would be very liable to be the more attractive star of the twain.BEAUTIFULWORKINGO*'THKSCXOATLIQCOK LAW.—Our readers are aware that under the au- t h o r i t y o f t h e s p e o i a l s t a t u t e , t h e P o l i c e C o m m i s - sioners have endeavored to prohibit tbe sale ofspirituous liquors on the Sabbath, and have re- ceived for their apparent success in so doing a great many compliments from that portion of16th of June.CoUiaioi Between the BriO_ Troops tadof Notre Dame, ted tbe pabUo ei-pas were to be _ s Negotiation* for a treaty of iNothings died of an excess of seal for proscrip- tive Americanism, aad the black repubiiwns, whether Lincoln be elected or not to the Pre- sidency, trill die of tbe same excessive seaious- ae«s for an impracticable mania for revolution. Their leaders have thrown over their strongest man, and weakened tbe party ties to a degree that cannot be recovered, and they must end in disintegration and subsidence into a small abo- lition faction. This political revolution has now culminated in tbe breaking up of toWnajority party organization which baa so often beta powerdollars an acre, tbe idea of a law compelling the government to give wild land to every one who asks for it is absurd. If tbe politicians will let the public lands alone the country will be much better off.The Presidential Battle Made TJp-rt-he Two Democratic Tirkets.Tbf democratic party has been rent asunder. It has been split in twain by the disorganizing spoilsmen of tbe camp, as neatly and compiete-y as ever "Old Abe Lincoln," with his axe, maul and wedges, split a chestnut log into two parts, in the days of his Presidential appren- ticeship at rail-splitting. Each of these two divisions of the disjointed democracy has set up its ticket for the campaign—the Douglas wing nominating their 'Little Giant," and the anti-wore advancingto be reduced to two franca the eae*or W. V. Mangum (South Carolina) Total oppoh.-tiot: vote1*4 But Van Buren carried Connecticut by onlyAUSTRALIA.Tbe mails from Melbourne, Sdth Apn,, had reach*England. The political and general news u unimportant. The shipments of gold since the previous mail were lSS, 000 ounces.The Melbourne correspond on: of the London 7V«v» re ports that not only was trade more depressed than at any earlier portion of the year, but the lowest state of depres- sion had not been reached.TheMelbourneHermldtakesamorecheerfulview.At Sydney business had been much depressed, and eonSiderable failures had taken place. More confidence, bowever, prevailed at the closeAt New Zealand serious collisions had taken place be tweeo the natives and the British troops fat Zeomaka Several engagementa, with loss of life, particularly oa the side of the natives, had taken place% WEST COAST OF AFRICA.The May mails from the various ports of the west coast of Africa Lad reached England. There was no news ofimportance.A French frigate had threaten^ to bombard thj» tow*or Bonny, unless a debt of long staad.ag to a Fran4h firm wasimmediatelypaidThedebtwaspaid.••Trade wskjery brisk at Sierra Lease, but at most other places it was dull Cotton was being cultivated on tae gold coast.T H K L A T E N T .Lonooe, J _ e 14. tjMOTbe Great Eastern on her return voyage w.i make Mil- ford Haven*her port of call.Despatches from Vienna announce that a full and official Statement of the public debt of Austria U to be publtsedThe directors of the National Bank of England announced a half yearly dividend at the rate of eight per cent, paya- ble on the ISth of July.It is understood that Garibaldi will not undertake any- thing hi Sicily for soma days to come. He is organizing bisreserve.The London Pott says there is no truth in the rumor that France is about to send a corps or observation to the Swiss frontier.The London Tmet city article, dated Wednesday even ing, June IS, says the English funds opened wth a rather better appearance this morning, add closed at aa improvement of %, which is rather a feeble response to the buoyant movement on the Pans Bourse. Political rumors with regard to 'Sicily and Germany, coupled with the manifesto of Prince Gorts- chakoff on the Turkish question, are considered togreat atrocities, burned three hundred houses and too numerous and varied to permit that. Fromseveral convent*, and killed many women and this rises the necessity fhat the men who con- saved him frorr defeat. The democrats fought have restrained the sale of liquors at bars and sterling in the coffers of the treasury.children who sought to escape from the conflagra- duct our national affairs, and the policy they in solid column under the prestige of Old in wine shops, it is believed by people who, The damage done by the bombardment of Palermo wasa consequence of this state of things, the oldscheme of party organization, through a con-nected chain of county conventions, State con-ventions, and national conventions, in whichthe same men figure at all times, has become animpossibility. This is clearly exemplified in thepresent state of the press all over the land.The old system of county journals, led by one ortwopoliticalorgansatthecapital,hasbeenother—theadministrationbeingdirectlyidenti-alaw.AndtheSundayLiquorlawseemstobecilyunderaPrinceoftheHouseofBourbon,subjecttosuperseded by the national journals, which the independent newspapers of this metropolis have become. It is no longer in the power of thefied, in the person of Vice President Breckin- precisely in that predicament. ridge, with the seceding party. Mr. Breckinridgethe condition that the Sicilians give their consent.It is reported that Mazzini bad embarked for Sicily.The Sardinian government had ordered all their fleet,motives high or low, and their deeds national or sectional.This information is further confirmed by des- patches from Belvidere, which state that theA Neapolitan Envoy was on his way to Paris and London.Herewehaveanewelementiathefutureor-this metropolis constitute a national congresshad confessed his guilt and desired the prayers of the church. The action of the Court of Par-GREAT BRITAIN.In tbe House of Commons on the 11th, Lord John Rus-and office hunters assume tbe right to draw the same party lines in national and in local affairs.legal quibbles, while they had in their pockets full confessions of their guilt, ready for imme-representation of the London Timet upon the subject. Ho predicted the most beneficial results from the treaty.caased much alarm, would not prove of a seriousnature. Every disposition was manifested by the these things into consideration,inthe new posi- Belmont, one of the Douglas National Commit- The United States frigate Congress, United States brigperson throughout the country, had regarded the barbar;tion in which they have been placed by the culmi- lations with the United States. nation at Baltimore of the revolution in politicalThe cotton market ©unturned dull, sad •ties were limit- parties. The country now requires national adto semeSMa900haltsat unchangedprieea. Westill statesmen,andnotsectionalandlocalpoliticians, quote _ta_iaf«p—Mto at about Wife. alO^fc There was at Washington; and as builders up of new party hardly enough dotog, however, to give a Our b—is for organisations, their future success will depend gonial l—a, aad the weak through has been among the upon the breadth of the foundations of tbe edi- dullest of the season. Both buyers sad sellers seemeddt*fweed to hoM off for later fbretga advices. Should the fices they are to construct i saore Carorable to the crops ia _ u j -tee, has money; but so had "Live Oak George.Dolphin, and United States steamer Pulaski, were at Mon-Chirws to adhere to aad carry oat the treaty stipu-aporebe_uons of political duturbaacesgrowiag eat of Kalian aflhlrs, it Is supposed that somereaction wul be rsahasd. The China war, even tfD_THOF TUB _C_SSTK_> Ba_—We publish elsewhere tbe points in tbe President's Message vetoingthe"VoteYourselfaFarm"bill,asItSouth fast to the dogma of squatter sovereignty. chor off Vera Cruz. The United States steamer Brooklyn interfere, and there was every reason to believe The London Star, on the other hand, says it cannot for He might even now,however, immortalize him- eft Vora Cruz the same day that the Saratoga did, for hat the French government had arrived at a similar a moment believe the British pubkc will aeqi-iesee ia soCampee/iiy, with the United States Minister, the Hon. Ro determination. It was unnecessary to say what the feel- monstraus a scale, the carrying out of which wul only self as a hero, In a gracefi 1 withdrawal from bert McLane. The following is a list of the Saratoga's of ing of the British government was oa such a matter. It prepare the way for a still more formidable appropriatiea the field. Thus he could mike his peace with floors:—Thomas Turner, Commander; Lieutenants M C was tbe tautt of governments like those of Naples and of fhe public moneys for similar objects and equally pre-the administration and with! the South, with- Pe-ry, Pierce Crosby, Robert H. Chapman, _ e u t . of Ma- Rome, that when their cruelties drove their subjects to re- textsporting, and ask BOgovernment aid. come to agrarianiam ruin is not far off.When wefew days hence we shall bo able to comprehend (Monday) evening. Meantime Dr. Qaidor, CHy Physictaa, more clearly the dispositions and relative will auke a poet mortem riaminatioe of tbe body, aad evory edori wUl be made to ferret out aad brmg the _•% of steam, and tbs pad—as aad exceeded tea aad* half and thirty nine respectiveiy, which is considerably below tbe numbers attainedWe do not. however, nte_i to enter tato a o.-lrtreagthof the conl-^te, Ibrnss.Untitled DocumentAtprewit,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069beman mother to justice.opposed to \he republican party operates to weaken each faction and to strengthen the re- publican ticket, because of the increased confi- dence on that side, and the absence of anything like a definite hope on any other side. The two democratic factions are arrayed against eachCatania was given up to pillage by the royalists, and then counters." More liquor is sold in this way than abandoned.House, as the third highest candidate, appear tobe impracticable. Thus, there, is nothing onhand in tbe way of spoils, and nothing of pros-would seem, indeed, stone blind.N e w e l I n t e l l i g e n c e .The United States sloop Narrsgansett, Commander T. A.But theFAATC— Poorr, June 34, IMS The sfeemship Melita. ebartered from the Canard Cornpan> to take the place of the Canadian, left Liverpool at 8K P. M. of tbe 13th mat., celled at Londonderry oa tbe 14tb, and passed this point to-day oa h « way to QuebecThe steamship Kangaroo left Liverpool, aad tbe Mew York sailed from Southampton, oa tbe 13th, bound to New York.Tbe Great Eastern was to sail oa tbe WisThe steamship Europe, from Boston v IA Halifax, arrived at Liverpool at 4 30 I' M of the l»th.The steamship Kangaroo, from New York, arrived at Liverpool at S A. M. of tbe 11th.The steamship Canadian, from Quebec, arrived at Liver- pool on tbe afternoon of the lzth. She made the passage across the Atlantic with one engine, the other baringf been disabled as she was leaving Quebec.The steamship Brazil, from New York via St. Johns, arrived at Galway on the morning of the 12th.The 6teamship Adriatic, from New York, arrived; at Southampton on the morning of the 12thThe steamship AngloSaxoa, from Quebec,arrived at Queenstown on the morning of the 13th,The steamship Bavaria, from New York, arrived at Southampton on tbe 14th.THE SICILIAN INSURRECTION. TheJcapituLation was signed at Palermo oa the Sth June. A Turin despatch says of the terms of capitulation, thattbe Neapolitan troop*, are to embark, with their arms aad baggage. They are to encamp until their embarkation oa Monte Pellegrino.The Fort of Castil—aore has been placed In the keeping of the English Admiral until the evacuation has been ef- fected.A Naples despatch of the 10th of June says the evacua- tion of Palermo by the royal troops will terminate to- morrow. The troops, which have already commenced to arrive at Naples, have been despatched towards Cmatilla- niore and Gaeta.The Neapolitan troops in Sicily will be concentrated in Syracuse, Messina and Agosta. The Neapolitans will em- bark with arms and baggage.A Turin despatch says that according to the terms of capitulation the English were temporarily to occupy the Forts of Palermo, for reasons not known. This clause, bowever,hasnotbeenputintoexecution.It is stated that the Neapolitan government had de- t i d e d u p o n c o n c e n t r a t i n g a l l t h e m i l i t a r y f o r c e s a t S y r a - cuse and Messina, because by preserving these strong po- sitions it ftill hopes to appear in the eyes of Europe master of Sicily.it to asserted that trade was never more doll in Pans end ia the provinces than at presentAccounts ef the grow ag aaad produced a further raw ia thf» markets foriTbe Mmittmr publishes aa imperial decree gating tbe treaty mmmMt wit* Sardiaiaat the bar, for obvious reasons; and so the - Garibaldi has issued a decree calling all Sicilians toaction of the Commissioners tends to increase rather than to diminish tippling on the Sabbath.3rms, between the ages of 17 and 60.Fifty vessels of war were in the Roads of Palermo.The Optnione NotummU gives a rumor that France had,It is a good common sense, and therefore com- with the consent of Piedmont, accepted the mediation pro- mon law maxim, that when any enactment can posed by Naples. The conditions of mediation are a libe be safely defied or easily evaded, it ceases to be ral constitution for Naples, a separate^government for Si-graphic despatch from Trenton, N. J., statingthat information had been received there thatJacob S. Harden, the Methodist minister recentlyconvicted of wife poisoning at Belvidere, hadmade a full confession, and that hia executionhad been postponed to the 6th of July next mense means to satisfy all chums.May, and sailed for the Pacific on the 2d of June.wnimityamounted to nothingscoupledasit was TheUnitedStates ship Saratoga left VeraCruxonthe possession of the Two Sicilies to the Neapolitan Sd inst., and arrived oft* the Navy Yard, Philadelp!iia, onwith the injunction to his ifriends to hold the the 2Sd inst. The United States ship Savannah was at an crown, but Austria had peremptorily re/used toout abandoning his hobby of squatter sove-r i f s , J. Ernest Men re; Surgeon, Charles H. WheelwrWht Assistant Surgeon, William Johnson, Jr .; Purser. Jamesvolt, they appealed to friendly Powers for assistance to put an end to the authors and instigators of tbe revora- ioa,forgettingthattheythemselvesweretheauthorsP A K 8 , J _ e l 4 , i m Tae Monitew of the morning contains several decreesregulatingthecustoms,nemuitstrattonandmilitaryor ganteattoa of Savoy and Nice According to a project of law which has bee* submitted to the Corps Lejislat^, Sa-bis friends to abandon It In supporting Breck- :W*_; Injrscr'sCterk. S. D. Ru^cU; Boatswain, A. J. Ro- and instigators of them. baison; Gunner, Wm. Kope: Carpenter, R. G. Thomasinridge. They could support him as Greelej * * _ « - , Wm. A^ lhaHYJtalerw - * » , C^_rlesM, It to aaaonaood that tbe steamship Great Easternsupported Gen. Sooth with a protest against hia Uoimca and A. J. Markoe. Passenger, Samuel P . Arm- would sail from Southampton for New York on Saturday, voy will form two departmeato.Tv_i, Jane 13,1100. Marshal VaOlaat ia expected bore. He will visit tooBaa--FINANCIAL AND WITMERCIAL. UWDOHMOKSTKAXXXT.and Breckinridge electoral ticket In New York Henderson, Jersey City. Tne child appeased to l e w b e n knots. The very foul state of the vessel's bottom, and Tae for diseoaet cootiaued active, and no bwwP-ODT or AS LNKAITTKOCND—About five o'clock yester-this juncture, would assuredly give the whole day morning officer Mauds discovered the body of a male of speed attained did not at aay time exceed tairteenaadSouthtoBreckinridge,andajointstockBell infant,wrappedin«sheet,lyinginGregorystreet,near threefourthsknots,theaveragebeingtwelveanda half_~' •rWA W^~BTAc.,€m%_ ~ T v WoAc.,OsrlTM__^Ae_ial |As.•_W*f^J~J^^rlL^^r^^*bf^i~r*^^^— ~ ~ i — ——— •bytbe_*b, mere*lae^!_•»_-for _£ iW 4l get—imm*uB_rpmm mile-. n*<A Naples despatch of the 9th says the promulgation of a constitution, framed similar to that of France, was ex- pected shortly.Garibaldi had addressed a letter to Signor Bertini,autho- rizing him to make advances or negotiate a loan for Sicily, or to contract any debt, and adds that he has at Sicily im-confession to a brother minister, and yet his withdrawal of the bill, aad even Mr. Bright strengthen the belief that no new European war is de-friends in the Methodist persuasion have been said he could not blame the Ministry for thesired by France in 1800, but are far from having aay ef fort in causing the future to be regarded with increased confidence. In the discount market today the demand has been less active The Bank bought £5,000 .a gold to-day.course they have taken. He trusted that the public would trial; then, when that attempt failed, a pardon; firmly declare what is expected before the next session, and promised that the bill would be received ia a fairerusing every effort to secure for him, flrat, a newand, finally, a commutation of his punishment.manner by the House.Mr. Bright also entered into a defence of the commer-at tbe previous trtoto.The ship answered her boim withexportl b saurketdosedwith a i— Im^*i _H »f^^ *onerr mam mprove- kyIks•_,_srisrtof*v»t_*edartIecptcted that the skip —HJ rear* Mow Tork withta tea days, where it is tateeaed to moor her ckws to tbf crtyThe l4odoanmmei.UX—ly reviews the recast report oa tbe* Atlantic mail coatraots, aad urg«s the aeoeasMy ofThe Ctvmtranarttotomm theMhartyef SHMMMbyworking __.Savoyaad Nice.la aA correspondent of _ e London Tine* sa d it wa- only to make a special communication to L.m tnat be agreedto the interview on the part of tbe ftnperorThe London Timet says th<< government will propose tomuch larger forces, and may enable us to rest fr >m o w labor and recruit our financesTwo impart duty oa < www.fultonhistory.com*y- 