 107%1E SEVENTH REGIMENT.NEW YORK HERALD^ SATUEDAf, DECEMBER 29, 1860.-T&IPL1 SHBBTe Witsa tBsvsnaamsta filial awaHEWS FEOM THB PACmc.J. Richard P.wo. Il has BO furniture or Formal Oiw»I»l o f T*tir. .*>w' Arassvy— tmple for iu purpose, (fee hundredSTILII J r " " •* ***• B»lldl«g—Tho Quar- toHato**t.BewUkf>«^tooee>Hte lightedatnightpnautoa on each lidoter*oftftteOnVer* am*Hem—TBe Drill•he new aflnory ef toe Bsvtath regtovent m fwrntfly night, ud two Ineptend by the OMMMB Ute beaito of UM vartoaB city department*.»looms were t^satly iawsntoatod, and the 'Attwsedea^asat music throughoutt m * i to ton battaitaa <irC»^». H a atjnjy stBghted *BB the .rtanowr of 8Ha-r m « • # AABOBY AXB IT8 VBCATIOJt.The location of tha new aooaory beildtag is at \h e MM, <rfThirdarenasandatftftnet, aadtobounded IJlithWloitmnt Quiiilhstoodm*Bollphitt,nnil-* the point [Mai whteh converge th* Bowery and Fourthavetre*--to «he haartof aaa of Chaaustoal parte of iha •>eiropo)ta.-aad directly to tbe vteiaity of the Aster aad Mercaatta ifbrartoo, Cooper laetit-t* aad Americaa Bihie Horn A amsaatoitote leasllsa—aid notbodesired.three tadektoeton and Romui foar shields on eachgTvet and TruncIre held and flrmlv bound unto tha Mayor, Aldermen and Commonaltyof thecityofNewYork, inIha penalisumlawfulres meiitai parpesea, and their eflbrtB and skill hart fash" rich Roman and'havingabstractedacertain registeredletter,hewasout of the city, and could net, therefore, have been im- plicated.A Loxo HOLIDAY FOB THK SCHOOLS.—At a meeting of theBoard of Education, held on Wednesday evening tost, aresolution was presented by Nelson J. Waterbury, Esq.,CommissionerfromtbeTwentiethward.Infavorofclos- ingthe schools until Monday, the 7thdayof January next. After a somewhat spicy debate the resolution was adoptedbyalargemajority. Thiswillprolongtheusualaarth side ot toe room, to an eUgibie aad prominent posi- tMB, 1s a torge black walnut stationary table, for tbe <»- aapancy of the Colon*! and fit-Id officers. At tfas rear of !xu« table are three chafrs, carved and ftalshed to tbeKurl'..ce, for the use cf tiie company's secretary and trea- Indian war clubs (very belligerent), a walking co.irse and surer. all the puraphcrnalia neccsavry lo make a perfect man, orThesearecoveredwithcloth. Th<wholetoamply ratherperfecthim,afterheismade.supplied with hook racks, drawers, ate, for holdiughooks axd popeis, under control of the offioers. In tb • Here the members of tho regiment nightly assemble,sulting with and having the lease drawn by the Counsellor. Alderman STRONG addressed the Board at great length inhtoexculpation,andinthecourseofhtoremarkshe embraced the opportunity of most unmercifully lashin^r the editor of tl.e Brooklyn Time*. After making mince-should be most happy to cany oat any instructions o f the honorable the Secretary, in relation to demanding Indem- nification for the losses the American oompany has sus- tained, should he not think It a matter o f sufficient i m - portance t o instruct the Commodore about.The same despatch prescribes b/m this conld be done.Again—SynopticalReport,totoeSecretaryoftheNavy, August 4,1S6«>— •Wtw>h.rjjt n, in a black walnut case, oocupies«pplwn :u"the apsrtnicng' Tho foqr toy^q - windows are Sixteen inches deep, With the exception of those on eachof correcting this improssiori, \ beg leave to say we tiny wilh certainty how enumerate two pointp gamed. First— An assurance, hi writing, from the Pwaguay government, that the "expedition for the exploration of toe tributa- ries of the river I * Plata" should not be molested o a i u pnserge through waters elslmed by Pnrs|r«ar. fsteood— That the family of Chancy (the poor fellow who was shot down while nt the helm of the Watef Witch, when in tho work of a scientiUc expiration) should be paid ten thousand, dollars. It is therefore erroneous to assert that nothing was accomplished b y t h e mission to Para-thought it would be better to hold another meettag, so that they ronld ftatoh ali tbe business,Bepervfcor Twrsn wasapposed to this, and urged um t ttie business should be transacted at once.Supervisor L r m x toon preseBted a r t effect that when the Board adjourn It wboMdo egeta on Monde?,at oae P.M. It was carried.•Supervisor Twsxn called up toe reaakium Supervisor Purdy, that t h e salaries of the Judges Supremr and Superior Courts aad toaaawly rogatcbeincreasedeachfl,008ayear.Supervtoor J i w»v spoke u u t h e reeolntion, adoption en the ground that tbfcy latoejualmodCla*Mv*y and noatty spim|tore4 to. , aaabroktarad a t h gold. Tile inters:rated in a atoaitor stylo of eieganei*, a.'.iia«ed b y a rich corntov> c fh;iitor« j a m , fide of the turrets, Which are .rendered wider at thears a w i teso* hack by their connection with the hexagonal form of tb e ordered to duty to the city of Bahrmorr. •iPXfiCMOI,remainingsixMinrBogordiuarilybetween.'heturrets.the ceremonies down to the time when the distribution ofprizes wtototakeplace. Inthecentreofthe church, which to quite a pretty one, towered a largeChristmas tree, lit bygas, a m i, hang withfromasqueaking parrotto-papier machoto a dancing beer. There were whistles aad trumpeta, and rattles and doll*, without number aad without clothes, which madethe-Jcr.<c,innoccr.teyesfamanya littlefacesp^r- klewtohdeliglA. W e even sawn very rare specimen of a saeoewtaflr sabbB a n d extraordinary jompteg jecks.I The Immediate neighborhood of those gorgeous and ra^ch" i coveted objects was a perfect Babel of little voices, andj [ greatWas the excitement when the distribution com- aa ac-IAt each s-o.vwffl^WoMBpBB© arayr ajio i a w pj*iroilt. \ ^covered3iequartopffOf thenoarcommls'ionocl rnt and bwl agwitha^thossiWJtoA^rry »tog of the armoryhuil-Itogi. fh» l live mass jnut. Allof the door is * heavy carved walnut,, with aVhighbbaacckk,and in a stylo c: rresptndcharacteroftheroom. Oatheplat?ormare chaas,fli| the uao ef the officers, also of ssal-Naval Intelligence. ' Theexperimentswhichwcmentionedsometimestoce bcitg made oa board toe United States steamer Michigan,totheharborofErie,Pa.,enLakeKrto.xclaUugtoecono-allmnumbrahle mannerjets of of toys,man named Btlhaatol Briftol county,on-of Sarah Anthony, bfjeto time pravteas tobardeathwith Cudsrarth. She flted • the 13th o f November^ s a d::11Prrto^ . jjoBl. tWrV^J ^, flol. o a ^ *... . s s P ' JiP* ito|B*"totter. The upper panels in tha doors of t h e lockers a r e of marhie, corrapondiBg with those in tha desk, and on them are placed metallic shields showing their number*.Assistant Surgeon P . G. 8 . Ten Brooch to ordered t o duty a t Fort Tejon, California, and will- relievo Assistant Surgeon A, T. Bidgely, who to ordered to repair to theertood floor, and is thirty six^aBBWSSHToowalls •truerd of iron, threemortal mheto**oBehaa&e^ w ^ S ^ ^ ^ p ^ with the bmt eetto French deThe edtlce to of a ccsnposste Btyte of architecture,ess- m eightysixfeetdeepbyonehundredaadtwentyfeatto J^J,,j n, BtestaaoaBandtmfl totiiltoil Thiirrwfull force aad virtue.j . ^ ^ ^ _ - . . • .... DANIEL DEVUN, Principal.hy * frame light, oorJUtiag of a era, fifty in numfe*,)Thtorocutobouruig,aad to fitted up withmotherfurtiture of <heDevltowiBat Cawaojatos flJoB."*** JffaftygAhearohite^wloWitfi^fwaiefcoMahaUopeftltUflbrts, the present esfiotoaw-iiiimawiiilssl of too ! , „ j , | g , w w Seventh regiment; and when we aaaoaaoaio thuae of ourthts bis nrat attempt in that line, a perfect success. lockers, one for each member, for the safe keeping of his wtnBerous attempto hare heoa madeto the daily papers uatform. The moveable fornitare of thto room consists ti- starry aa idea 10Utoir ratoJewTiy a descrijAion of the of a State armchair /or the presiding officer, two side buUdM-, but at these arttotoo haato aeon aocoasarily chairs for secretary and treasurer, aad four t&bto ohairs.vaguoas the baiidtoi and.ito interior arraagementa hare all of btock walnut, aad made in the style of Louis XIV.Tbto>oom Islighted at night byBKOMDCOtCPASY'BJOUIOBTThis room to fitted u p with btoek walnut gun v.<^>, ore*!***. Wf hftfoto»*toht nhoy WtU at once proaouaca with |weQ fioou and revolrtog racks; black walnuthaveaeauandadmiredtheproportlonnof nan to not a poofOaatonalMim«.Washoe silver miaas to among the mostm Wn , , ^ f t , !»,*»„ are made of ctoret aad green stripedAllthedesignsfortollroom,withtheexceptionof ihose for the floor and ociltogs, ware made by, and tho work carried on under the supervision of, MP. Henry Hoffmann. Tbe furniture, including the cases, was made by i'rans fchreibcr « OB, T h e painting, upon which a day's strtdy might be profitably spent, to by Mr. Charles Mffiner. Thefloorwas laid by H. Magne, of Baltimore. ThpcostOftbewholewiltbeaboutthree thoaaand dollars.TWB SEVKNTH OOMTAKr'S ARMORY.This room is furnished in much tho somostyle as the companies' w e have described. T h e wiBdow'uTs-CharlesBnckhaHer,WilliamA.Hall,HenryL.Hoguet, I*. A . Palmar, sureties.Seatedand oaUvared in the presence of Charles E Mil- ler, No. n Liberty street, New York. tMr. Piatt intends to contest tho transfer o f t h e City Chamberlain to Mr. Devlin.tmm• - CaiyTHE LATT. SKRENADB TO SXSJTOR Prc.H.— The serenade insome company, with a aomtaal capital stock raagtog sQ the way from $600,000 up to several mfflkais, ntetarttetetrfincorporatkoBwith ttto iecretaryof State, eteeta efl cers, and appears to he earnestly preparing tosilver mining. Boms ef JBOSSacauprtoe men efa< andcharacter,whileBtop%,# aBWhetemsteakoperattensaflT^ heato ewapfeted withhi UM fast waeh-wa bare Tab State chair toaere/red pab;a*iag a n y aMsatoB to the huiWiaf untM crossed with two in gold relief. Thea*w. The bttiSdtog was placed to posseestoa of thoregi. with drapery valences meat tost October, wiO» nothing to »U interior but bare cated of green billiard w^to. Since that timeatittlearmyofarttotoandnrtl- six inch goldandupholsteredwith asuto have been employed to the building adapting It to lighted wilh twoUMlity to its present purpoMB. The expenae already in- Thto ted up with black walnut gun chandeliers and cornices are cf a very superior character. etried to the intertcr fittings wiH not fall short of the cases, with revolrtog racks and magic windows. At oae THE GOVERNMENT OF THE BUILDING. su«ofthirtythousanddollars,andthisdebtwfllbede- endoftheroomtoagtotformaboutfivefeatdeepbythe Thegeneralsuperintendenceofthearmorybaldingdeveloping. Tha coal to veryef State and Congress, before whom aad by whom thto silver mines, as other ktods of fastdesigns.awefttoartytoofpatottolgraadoaratwellattotadap- ANT'8ABMORV. withgoldgimpandgreenandgoldbullionfringe.Thefrayed by the equal contributtons of the several compa- nies oftheregiment. Thebuildingtojudiciouslyand eargantlyerected. Thereto a solidity,ooaveaience and beauty ia it, with simplicity and harmony of design, thatwidth of the room aad about nine inches to height, on whkhthedeskfortheoompany officers isplaned. On thtoplatform to placedastationarydesk,ofsolidbtockofabouttow|tetinlengthbyfewtowidth.to entrusted to an armory committee, who have sole chargeofthearrangementsforlightingandbeatingtheen- tirebuilding,andareresponsiblefortbegeneralgoodorder and neatness of every part thereof except the company rooms. Itistheirdutytomakeallcontractaforlabor,icndcrt the building an object or attractten. ThebuiMtog The whole to*Tth doth. Bihtod thto In repair-, Ac. Thto committee consists of the Regimental holiday vacation several days, as otherwise the schools to a btock walnut and ebony State would have resumed their daily exercises on Thursday ofMy object atthtotime to nottocriticisethe "opinion" of the American Commissioner: for whatso- ever maybemy opinion (aadI confesstonoto M*ted to imitation of Dorchester stone, aad cost a quarterofamilttonofdottars.s v n L u a o u TO ra WJU-WNO AKD I U » I A U . Thcfearo two entrances to too building—-ens)eB.ilthe stylewuhcrimsonclothandornamented Quartermaster,aschairman:OrdnanceSergeant,atse- nextweek.Four chairs of similar material,one cretary,andoftwolieutenantsandthroesergeants,who THERKV.MB.VANDYKK.—Weunderstandthatapaperis small degree of astonishment), that to BOBS of Thepatronageof thisexpresstoIncreasing underIhttosereet aad abe north one on Seventh street. V * * are draperies of the windows of this room are made of crimson broadcloth, trimmed with gold gimp a n d s i xby so much ado about nothing; and it might be thought oae hundred and seventy-fiveTheTfceisubserve a special purpose.These despatches contain, so far as my knowledge ex-e large hroaat g a s brackets, richly or- omanic armorial designs. The wallsare us pictures of European battles, wiichar* carved representations of wreaths of acorns, with side rucis sameatState chair. The backs are upholstered fine English diamond damask, green cloth finishedTIMS OF HOLDING COMPANY DRILLS.The arrangement of the regular company drills a m a s thirty colleges being present. T h e convention has been and t b e agents o f t h e American company. Theymake up the moveable furniture of too room. Theeachyear.natures,invitingtbeBev.Mr.Vandyketodeliveralec- cltixen,tobearmyshareofthemortification occasioned flueaecaf regulartrips. Thelestture next weekFmrxmmi AXXUAL COSVBSTIOX or THK DELTA KATTA EP- sail so learned aad able a defence of toe course ef tbe tetters, paying five dollars each.takeabouteightyfivetettersfromI THI 8AXDWICHAcopyoftheHonoluluCommercial Nevseaberl, baa reached Ban Francisco, via 1he news is four days later toaa prertoea edncee.A complete change in t h a Immllwsl Oonsutete office was made at Houoturo en thefTflhefOctober. 6.W. Burden, Consul, and T. T. Dougherty, Deputy Oaaanl, ware removed, pursuant to orders from Washington, aad F. L. Banks appointed to toe latter position. Thelatterappointment w a s followed by the reeaovsl of toe physi- cian and surveyor ef toe haaWJtolCommercial matters a t toa BUamd continued gloomy Whalersbtlte,fiveparcentdtosotmt;muaey,twoper cent per month interest since the 11th of October.Eleven whalers h a d entered Hoaotute, Seotartag a a average catch of 460 bbto.TheAdt*rtto*rpublishesatetterstarstogIfceJtraces! changes in the commercial policy of toe kingdom were) having the effect to drive the whaltag business lo flat Francisco. xTBS ARMORY FLAGS. ' aoveradwithtwoneatcolumnarporttoosojfJ$ocompo-tochwidecrimsonandgoldfringe.Thelockersareup- Thenationalstandardwillbedisplayedfromsunrise site t-rder of architecture. Wide Sraa atotookjee lead to holstered in English crimson ottoman cloth, finished with to sunset on each of tho following days In every year,at the CooperInstitute.TbeinnerI T t o W S a f ^ t ^ c a ^ e ^ t h e redouble deck twelve-light chandelier,ornamentedwitharmorialdesigns. Thewallsaadceiling ef the room are perfectly plain.FOCB7H COVFAMT'8 ARMORY.This room is furnished similar to the other companies'we have described. Tbe presiding oifker's chair has aato elaborate back and panels, with representation of a stackplace of antique arms to bold r- lief. Tbe sob-oshoers' chairscorridor. Iha awSleawsw to lighted arc smaller than the one above described. On the backsSUOKFxuxsKNrrc.—TheDeltaKappaEpsilonFraternity,one of our most flourishing college secret societies, hasbeen holding its fifteenth annual convention during thepresentweek,inthiscity. ThepublicexercisestookplaceThursdayeveningatBev.Dr.Chapto'schurch,InBroad- beenconsideredofimportanceenoughtobequotedbytoemaaaoerridoron thenssiad"eraratotpwflo«af ofthe hulWiag. <towaclto*iBBhen4cfwieow*s» from either HinMthevisiterisledtothelargercorfstor, twenty feet wide, and running toe entira length of the building(It* feet) from north to south, ana ote a a m En- traaoot to the oompany armories load from that; ball.vi«>-«h deyofJanuary,23ddayofFebruary,,17thday of June, 4th day of Jury, aad 26to day of Novem-ber, ami only upon such other occasions of national im-portanceandconcernasthacommandantoftheregimentmiy deem appropriate; at all other timea a white flag,bearing the arms of the State of New York, will be thostandard used. Whenever tho regiment shall be culledupon to aid the civil authorities, a flag bearing tbe cy- ings with musie. After the opening prayer by Kav. manner in which extracts have been made from them toappearanceofthecorridor.Thedoorswithbrassnails.Thegagfixturesaresimilartotheether cempantos.BUTB COMFAXT'S ARMORY.This roam, like ail the company rooms, to twenty- occupies theentirethirdfloor;it oaebythirtyfeetinsize. Theguncasesaad desksarc story beneath by two wide stair- ilmiW to the other companies'. The moveable furnitureheldundertbeauspicesoftheNuchapter,oftheNew weredesignedtogivethedepartmentthetruththe sarbasesof th e corridor imitation of black walnut.follows:—Monday evenings, Fourth and Seventh companfes. Tuesday evenings. Fifth and Sixth companies. Wednesday evenings, Engineersand Third compantos. Thursdayeventoga,TroopandSecondcompanies.Friday evenings, First and Eighth companies.York Free Academy.Far or CATHABUTB Sraxw.—About oae o'clock yester-impartially, if not the whole truth; and, if adduced aa evidence,'should hare been taken a s a unit, aad not selected from to suit the taste or designs of either side, licosld never have been imagined thay would he soTTALION n a n a . ROOH.day morning a firs occurred hi the dry goods store of T.a Brooks,No.37v,Catharinestreet. Thefiremen were used,ontheAmericansideoftheargument, astoserve promptly at the premises, sad exttagutobed the Arc the Paraguay side of the question exclusively.before B extended beyond the store. Thedamage doneto Those communications condemn the conduct of theare perfectly plain. Two doable decked five-light chande- liersofchastedesignandornamentationlightit.gDETH COMPAKY'S ARMORY. Thegeneralcharacterofthefurnitureanddecorationspany drills.Thefollowingareamongtomeoftheartisanswho contributed their s#-ill iu fitting up too armory:—Gas fix- tures, Geo. H. Kitchen A Co.. 661 Broadway; cabinet work,Pettier AStynus,Broadway;upholstery.KeltyAstreet,ismissingfromhishome,andittofearedthathehasbeenmadethesubjectoffoalplay. Hetofivefeet guay government. In themboth sides are^repre OuanoCompany.in height, wore dark clothes and on becoming of age was eented t o t h e government, a n d If t h e American coxxrwciAX..wreath,J W T . " * IFrench style, and fabri- with gold gimp andof this room to such as to justify the nam de fantadtie Riker, Brosdway; heating apparatus, Tibbetls A Go., 690toreceiveaconsiderableestate.Atorgerewardisoffered tor hto recovery.Commissioner had been the Paraguay advocate, perhaps,Ishouldnothavebeenso much astonished attheper- Thereisnobusinessdoingwhateverinsay sistent evasion of tbe "whole trsjto," but have attributed of trade. T h e weather to bad, a m 'whtohhasbeenbestoweduponitbysomeofthemembers of other companies, vis:—The Alhambra. All the cabinet workistothecastellated Gothicstyle,whilethe decora- tionsinpainttogareinastyleunitingtheGothicwith the Boorish,to which the latter predominates.Broadway; joiner work, John V . Gridley. The armory willbeopentotoapublicJanuary2.OoRRxeno*.—Philip Smith, who was arrested oa Tues- it to the seal and right which every lawyer claims, I sup- goods to t h e totartor much interrupt*. daychargedwithstealing a baggagecheckbelongingto pose, to make htoappear thebetter aide. Batthto severalarrivals,batfreshimportsde IfThe room to, to site, the same as all the other oompanyrooms, but is made to appear somewhat longer and nar- keeping with the general elegance and comfortCity Ifears.Tbe room a heated by four torge stoves, similar to those usedlachurches.AFroimoNMBsrr o r n o ABMOBY.The several portions of tho armory aroaHetW at fta-The eight small rooms facing westerly to the eight aaratoltoB ftcmpaniea o f the regiment, o n e room to each aoapany, to numerical succession—the First company toandBaraorCouncilofOfficers. ThelargehUlonthe aadofapatternsomewhatdifficulttodescribe,givesthe whattoordinarypremisesistheyard,tbevisiterstan<lsUurdiloortothebartaliendrillroom. TBS COCNCIL BOOMIt the nr'icipal apartment en the second floor, sot aside fe the use of tho Board of officers, and whore the gene-ral business of too isghnsnl to transacted, its dimes-WWHSAT* twenty one feet wide by thirty-sis deep, andsame despatches:—Asrannw,PARAOTAT,Sept.3fl,18*4. To rax SECRETARY or IBB NAVY:—Thecourseofthisgovernment towards thecompany,are etiff at two parArrived at Honolulu, Oct. So—Florence, wh.;28th,Tobtoh.do,15wh.:Hintmain,^to-southwesterly aad the Eighth company in the north- wtistcrly room. The northeasterly room to the Engineer soimr, aha room adjoining to the Troop, aad the south-partofourgovernment,notonlytotbewayef reclama. tion, hut should there come to reside in the country American citizens, their protection from oppression a n d maltreatment would not be secured to them unless by the presence of a man-of-war. A s to the property of the oompany, whtoh their agent does not takeaway, a n d the losses they have or amy sustain to the interruption of their business, these are matters for toe home govern- ment to settle.Again, to the Secretary of toe Navy:—Ascsnox, PARAGUAY, Sept. 29,1854. Were the Water Witch not here, I do not believe that oneofthem(tbeAmenoansconnectedwiththecompany) would get out of it (the country}. The tyrannical course of this government can scarcely be tosagteed by thesewho are not familiar with ito acts. I cannot but indulge the hope and express the wish to tbe Honorable Secretary of the Navy that ourgovernment maytake some steps to assure thto goyeminent that tot acts of aggression and tyranny will not he submittedportion is :!ut, while each end is formed into an inclined hoist weights, wrist weighie, chest weights, dumb bells, out (wreonally Investigating tbe subject, and without con- to, when exercised on American citisens. • * * • I~F.Bason,ochotsk, 800wh.; Boamouthde., «T0wh Dataxen,do.,400 wh. In each instance theoil to thto seeaaa'e oat to.Tha the following report from t h e CchetakSea:—to Ochotsk Sea, Sept. 14-Antillesi, 360 wh.; E Bash 000: C. W. Morgan, 400: Camel, 3M; Bmily Morgan 4a0 George Howland, POO: Harrison, Sad; Harvest, 2es); John P. West. 450, Isaac Howland, 120 wh., 60 sp.: Levi Star-Tho Europe reports >-JSeptember 98, to Sea.shipCaUao,500wh.;Florida,1401The ships from the Ochouk gwserafiy report amaver able weather, and most of the sperm whales had been wild, they were also-scarce.The ships from the Arctic Ocean report toe nmurp flit tinguiehedforroughweather,muchtotandtog,wad shyness of whales.Salted from Heaelate, October 84,Corinthtoa,New Zealand; 26th, Martha, to cruise and bsaae; Brants oratoe: gpth, Jere Smith, do., Homes, and Hercules, New: Ocean, coast and California; Omega, erutoe saand John Wells, "do.; 30th, St. (teorgaJdo.;I)rama,do.OBtoa lath a eeled at the St. Franci«sTM< thedranorthc reSmTof* toaaaato of those who fell m defence of the Pope to thai Italian wart The Archbishop was assisted toy quite a force o f attendant priests. A t t h e conclusion eataantea was call, d to the address of eoudolenos aad rettof to tbean institution established under tho patronage Theroomisdividedintotwopartsbytheerection,as oftheregiment,byCorporalAbnerS.Brady,to the other rooms, of a platform of about five feet In cepthbythowidthoftheroom,andaboutBineinchesin height, at the end of the room towards the windows, on whfchtbedesk fortheaccommodationofthecompany officers is placed.The main Boor is inlaid ia marquoterle, the pattern be-ingthai known as tie Maltese cross. Tbe figures arecherry and ash—their average supernces being about fencing and span log apartments. In the basement are awatoriy rocm to toe band, janitor and armorer. Tho twenty square inches. These blocks are all tongue 1 and arranged numbers of baths, basing, closets, dressing larger of toe two central easterly rooms to the company grooved and arc firmly nailed to the planking beneath. rooms, and everything necessary to purify and beautify anil sons*,Bad the smaller to reserved for the library A border of thirteen inches In width, of smaller bl icks, the outer man. Emerging from this apartment Intoforme1of blocks of three kinds of wood—black walnut,thateofthemainfloor.On this platform .-stands a desk, in solid btock walnut,~of* e h t l a admiUed through four highly dnished windows.Thefitor is covered with rlek Brass*!* carpet. A t the about ten rest ia length and four in width. The contra] wooden horses, sand bugs, vaulting bars, inclined pales, ing the property at the suggestion of Alderman Strong, with-vtewt tieberate style of art. The largest of thesoto denominated astateor colonel's chair. It is mountoi Kit of tha desk are eleven panels, four of which are and, ender the direction of Mr. Brady, go through a meat of the editor, be said, if that individual continued a j h a laurel wreath and encircled b y troph'ea. p r e - nktr and one lozenge shaped. These livv aro of va- gular series of exercises. It may, indeed, bo said that to write articles holding him up to public reprobationar-irgt".aenu for the litmmnatioa 01 the ch'uab-r These marbles are of fourteen vsrietios.are as perfert as tbey'aaa be. Two sto^ataodKiU IBthespaceoneachtideofthero.:nbetween th•>and cityofNewYorkandreportforfurtherorders.Bgli ever every ohjwt W to* room. They are «m*r by the War Department to Lieutenant Colonel William J. - m»stidwithasaaaatotbetrtngt,anduxpointof«y!eandplatform,!constructedaimaUcloset;oaonesideforHardee,Firstcavalry.worlrmanatoparceqsalt»aaytaungofthetanagot* e*er theuseofthecaptain, on theotherforthe two lieole- Anextensionofleaveof ahsanco hasbeengrantedbyimported fcaosheyand flto ,aaas. : nan is. These are iiasd with polished white holly, with the same authority to Captain K. P . Campbell, Second tbe many ponds in the outskirts offuty." TH. J. PAOB,Commander,UnitedStatesNaty. fortoapcssBoatheyheldbyatonfosgrseof«"fy-woodwatkto)l!ed»tx an Wfftled Bp'si» btock wahrct wardrobes, la flothic I Ab>vc w:ndowB+»nd acromuhe intervening pier, is about the »th of November, under the charge of a cap-Asomexn PoBosnjc Ca>'worth,Sunday , 'for causingShehad**styIc^|iay^iiuito.<to1jf***. >1*n fc,,»*aa »*''0lsaww aamirt- 1 i 4.ft*TTws and fartotaw rtoilyupWt^^ pi atuthftedin^ld,attsjflied to which tain, mate and boy employed for the trip, and taking o»>e my in the use of steam, are still passenger. TheyproceededsafelytoNorfolk, whentha experiments made by tha officersnassrager left and proceeded to a * destination byTaBd. favorable result—a detailed report ofis painted In eneaus'dc fresco. A harder o f lynoe then no tidings of the boat have reached the ownsrs. yet been made public, b a t tote 2 V supposition to tliat the sloop lias been blown out to by the naval community with swashafter. Immediately afUTher ._rcukted pomttog to an imprftprrl_ toe deceased and Cudworth, and certoto fltots enmteg to the knows* ge of the seteotmea of ^J^h Inducedtbetntobelievethatshehadbecome«»eum»eoe that Cudworth had given her preparations**the purp°" ofproeurtoganabortion,which,mttead of havtogtne•withfeet to width, adhaing arwgnd tho enteral ' •wa.ind tost with all on bard. U troo, the Spray wasioffice.MatUrs. C.W.,De9.37,.steam,andtoedistancetobeattainedundereachexperi- ment. Iberesultisarrivedatbyacoexparteouoftoe tifture*at toe end of each experiment.whistlesandthecreakingandsqaeaktogofvarteusinex- plicabletoys,the confusionwesdelight!ul. Acoupleof hours wore away pleasantly, the crowd gradually thtoaedsmall batons* ins prizeswere all distributed, even to the danchtf bear, whichcausedtottmash anxiety as the gaJo'en appteof Paris. Ourreporter beirg appealed to, pronounced toe whole thing a** *«•%»» nop»* *toiowtofor*, -•ft k«-;JoiprstE—tJmost, wfcftd: Ktoh s>r«arc i s " --KAdarlasaaw; .*-and started seiwvaj fedtoj to (heir foet aad.taf ttf perfect success, was presented with a tin trumpet, andFnanxorA P 24th test." ^ feailtof4 tojtridod toirtyjtorsquarasv'a trhicharo tons M Jfinfms of all lh>irmVjiTtorbe Mites(tcchi.lingSoBjjfcCarol aadth§.;tnitodStates, t. Bhto r*»«B j the last being plncoj; centraHp'at the vest end of the Lealing from tt,toJroom,diOS|UyovertoeseatSobeoccupiedbythopre-sly a fatal Tctatl.—yVeatoa, N. J., GaxUt, DtcuW. gines sre kept seventy hours running mission, to tost the result of each ex-r'iv«isliip,a*,I^^^_<!?*"l\ rapw4«avolryioMbrtpt^aof <r«»-nkl. ,-11»f••aer*arearrangedwithoutregaflto| ' that thay are paiatoIWilliamTfcumas,thewell knownarchitectof_ Canadian puhlio buildings, and a highly respjeted citdesiredtftett,hadresultedJ^teBV. BwBeulBf^yeeterdayJpeBe^ torn was postponed tc 1years tf age.Bewasarra^aedm ^ ^tas>. Bo|W ik«jM*u HsaalB oast cagl bars^rs— iItai apptrtti:*.brSu*},bothtBBwiyg! diedyestesday. _• "" in." '.» vHi'ini .• . ''jy* I flksmwaxm^The BJhfcr Whig says that to We.. that th* notes ofHie earthquake on Son-- to about ou2 foot iu di- tMfeto asxriuassau by a dw.jt.as wrMb of wav. iSt. Andrew's BtarvOt was burned thto morr.'ng.Gtarrit Smith was to toto city yesterday for the purses*,A N e wRenafield.day tost was m kiud that i i drowned tho minister s voice,Ji ld»c -i*-i sf*H} Uh* Win-to r.p a a ground ester <>f vJTV . of rcnetorlng sssistaucc ftk?d advice in behalf of theT<«iside, are the anas of1 tatoe third,symmetricalwith thePpato^wea, »» very pale, indeed, that It is nearly im- toeav whether it is of a blue or of a green tint. design le painted around the opening forwalls, which Bhow about five feet above the oases, are painted in a flat green, an arabesque pendant border rivtogthe necessary finish to the portion contiguous to the ceiltor. Abate each of the sofas at the east end o fWhereat, S o above bounden Daniel Detlta bato been duct toBsAaBcatragsoBsfttoo escused and sanctionedIBS to toeAbove each panel is a medallion and trophy of cotes* la golden bronze to alto relievo, one medallion having a representation Of Washington, the other of Lafayette.The chandeliers, two u. number, were made by Ball, Black ft Co., expressly for this company. They are u% brcuseand gold, ofa graceful pattern, combiningthesuch Chamberlain of the City of New York during hiscontinuance in said offlce, and shill also in all things well, And here, ia this connection, a most porttaeut questiontruly and faithfully perform the duties that may be re- does very naturally present HoeB—How eoatea it (hat the tw o strongest ossstteatm fog Sufersdof him to perform and do durtag b is wnttouacoeHPVstH!ftMMtJigTiflslif1 IitWiMt g n m mA ^ ^^^ deaoate fas*. The Gothic and Moorish styles. They hare twelve fightsi the said office of Chamberlain of the City of New York, thenthtoobligationtobevoid;otherwise to remaininafter mature deliberation on, and examination of, that Paraguayanrsjjon(when*theverynaturalasperitiespro- duced by the barbarous attack upon the Water Witch amy have soxttfwhat cooled down) b y thefltflB^paaweBd hto assistantoftheStateDepartment—afterthereportmade J|i p u r g l l M C e 0 f thto examination to the President of the tutted States, iwoperly eharactertoteg thapetratcd, which h e judges s o offensive, unjust aad op- pressive as to require that the United States should act onlydemandreparationfortheinsulttothenationsflag, hut Indemnity for the wrongs and tosses rustatoed by MMwinter appear to beThe organisation of a jointthat.#*#**£..***"!his efforts for the restoration ef peace to the peries are made of French satin de tome, trimmed with a very fine affair. Among the OoBflressoasilack gimp. The lockers arc upholstered to green arras part and made speeches on the occasion w e jdoth, and finished with gilt nails. Tha desks, chande landigham, ef Ohio; Mr. Mattery, of Meal liers aad other arrangements of tho room are of a verygreat for authority, ways and means cf enforcing thedemand; after the granting of these, aad the subse-quent despatching of a squadron against Paraguay;after all thto had been done (certainly not in ignoranoc)by those branches of government sappesed to he compe- land, covering the mine, sadtasteful description.THE B7GHTB COMPANY'S ARMORY.This armory to fitted up in a very unique manner, withgur.of Vlrginte; Mr. Woodson, of Miasouri; JfcT raf4te- ten and Senator Crittenden, e f Kentucky.tent to judge in such eases, as the President, SecretaryFrench draperies, made of green billiard cloth, trimmedprettygood evidenceof indebtedness, at east sofar- how comet it then, we ask, that it remains for the Com- missioners alone to ascertain that the President, Beers, tary, Congress, all are entirely in error, the claim a myth, aad that consequently—the case being reversed— the governmentofParaguay, andnot thecompany,to entitledto damages, for,Isuppose,defamation ofcha- ractorfcovered co the Pacific comas the best capper of lakewas struck thirty-five feet below t h sappears to be inexhaustibleto ship the ore to Baltimore, sad it to behaved B aaa te putintheEasternmarkets cheaper thantheLakeBape riorarttoto.The pony express, with St. Louis dates to 90th ult,, aad telegraphicdatestothreeP.B\of3dhiei.IvtoFcnl^BrBy. was telegraphed from Carson Valleyfor the secretary and an elaborately carved ballot are nominated by the Colonel on the 1st of January of to circulation, and has already received a number of sig- my business, farther than, as aa Americanpher o f the corps (N. G.) will b e displayed under a n d along with ih< .:tate flag, and upon the appearance of such signal it is tho-duty of every member of the' regi- ment, cognizant thereof, to repair at once to the armory for orders.Benjamin H. Abbott, of the Sigma chapter, chaplain ofthe fraternity, the oration was delivered by Charles P .Chandler, of fbeta chapter, and the poem by EdwardS. Rand, Jr., of the Alpha. Joseph T. Shipley, of the Phi them a history of the affair In detail—a succinct ac- (Yale) chapter, presided during the evening, and a large count of the facts aad circumstances attending the number of students were to attendance, delegations from rupture between the government of Paraguaycad of the building. IU di- totothe Elizabethan style and of a vary recherche de-mcnsTOCBsveonehuatoadandeightytostlongbyonehun- scription. TheStatechairfortheoccupancyofthepre- fromsevenuntiltono'clock,totheequaluseofthebat- stockbyfireandwaterwillamounttoabout$1,500,in- company'sagent,buttheydonotsanctionorapprove dredaad twenty feet m and it contains 21,800 square sidtog officerto of a very costly description. It is or- talion and company drill rooms, alternately, in such sured for $4,000 to the Brooklyn and New York Fire and that of the Paraguay government. Oa the contrary.to acoeesihat frontHbt, or Mtd feet mors lhan the aew State Arsenal in namented with carved cannon, pilasters supporting theThe companies are en itled, on their respective evenings,upholstered in green figured English ottoman cloth, strangers excluded, the doors closed and the guard dis- finished with gilt nails. The celling and walls of this room missed at ten o'clock, or upon the conclusion of the com-Because those dispatches condemn the agent of tha company, it should not have been left to inference—aa it Tucker, fifteen years of age, residing at No. 28 Amity has been done in Mr. Commissioner's "opinion"— that they approve of the course of the Para-mannerastheymaymutuallyagreeupon.MarineInsuranceCompanies. Thebuildingto ownedbythey represent plainly its outrages, and advise the go- vernmentoftbeUnitedStatesthat thecompanytoan titled to indemnity for the wrongs and losses it has suf-company'8escutcheon,withtheinitialftin thecentre.The t<p urnainenta of the side chairs consist of a heral-dic design, with the cyper N. G. to gold relief. Tho win-dows are upholstered with green bilUard cloth drape-ries, tr:mmed with pure gold gimps. The lockers are armory doors opened at seven o'clock; and all shelving.fleviato aveaua. Ittolightedinthedaytime bynamer- cw torge windows on aft tides of tho building, and at aigXtbyadoutiWIwSWHrmelight,ooneiatiBgofseven hunurod burnars T h e burners a r e placed about nhto •aches apart, and each row controlled by separate stops. Tbe ertect of thate Ughta tost night was vary flue, and showed a t this immense room to groat advantage. T h e gas in the buildoag wsuppltod through two metres, o n e rTph-mgthesecondorarmoryfloorandthootherthis drill room, tbis room toaenpte iastoe for the manosu- vrajTOffour companiesatatime. Itwas thoughtby seme hefora Uto occupancy of t h e armory that tbe door si ihto isiian was inerrnm, but recently these suspicions waredissipated,after ahoafplicattonof numerousinfal- Itototestabyarmorerdcost.Theonlyothernoticeable fewtureo ofthai roam arethelinen window curtain*, nouswhicharepaintedthecoatsofarmsoftbeStates « the Union, of the ccaapantoa of tho regiment, andthese of the citiea of Boston. Btohmond, Washington, Baltimore a a d other cittos which t h e regiment have•totteti.Ontoenorthendcftheroomisabandgallery.towerbythearrangementofthefurniture. withwhichittomarkedthroughout.Thistorahner, of tha city of Bow York,a dectoioB may well Be te^sgtoas (aad we oae could beSW*n*'B'^ wa*j M^BBSSW^^TM*^" ^^^^^w* tWUo> saaWsa, A a wsssswawswssw f at^w^^^sW^ s * * e^^ssaa a acircumatoBSes Involved; a n d t h e qnestkm w a s often > too often to h e agreeable to an AmeriesB),•rtCanitbetrue?TnthiscountryitwouldbecaBedacase of bargain and sale, but in yours B cannot. Old Lopes wfll ho store tyrannical than ever, ttooe ha flnds his con-of two hundred thousand dollarsUnited States o f America, toAldermen and Commonalty olto their successors, for whichmade, we bind ourselves, ourLtratorsaad assigns,jointlyaad soverally,bythesepre- sents, BsahBnrfth^oarntoato. a a d dateditito twenty- seventh day of December,to too year one thnusand eight hundred and sixty. 1is patetoda circular headed panel about fourfeet in height, of a shaded lilac color, surrounded by adark green border, In these panels stand, uponcanred walnut consoles,apair e/broinea giventothecompany some timesincebyanhonorary member.The figures represent a Gaul and a Saracen. truly and faithfully perform the duties of htaofllce as humiliating.appointed to the offlce of the Chambertoin of the City of Nt%w York*by the American Comattosioner; and wo to the American Who has tho tomarity toySBt foot to Paraguay." Vtary divcslt questions to answer, andaNow, the condition of this obligation to each, that If tbe above bound Daniel Devlin shall ia all things well,McOorhteto ofof t h eWashington, test Saturday Bight, to Senator Pugh, ef American company; after the President's eel upon Oto>| . SeeM flee specimens of coal,Ohio, by hto friends, in token of their appreciatjee ofTax I o n Peer Omen RORIUXY.—Amosl^eds, Jr., the subject had been investigated, discussed and decided; very scarce and diflteuU of access. U myoung man who was arrested a few days igo on charge after tha government of Paraguay had acknowledged ito pany, who have been some moBtht engaged in openteg a fringe. Thelookersare of opening tetters without having authority sotode, r^zimitation oak castellated wardrobes, with toe musket Englisharras. Theroom is turretsindifferentpartsoftheroom. Thisroomhasfiveindebtednessto thecompany,in theproposition topay coppermineinCalaverascounty,claim to ' chandeliers, ornamented with windows; each to upholstered to toe newest style- writes to us and says that at the time he is charge! with mmediately 16,000 ounces (equal to about $3S«,000)— during thto past week, theway, and were attended by a large audience. Dodworth'e the Commission as evidence in the case, I have a right to band was in attendance, and interspersed the proceed- complain, and do protest against the unfair and studiedGeorge Gordon. It to damaged about $26; insured. TheThroughout the regular drill season—on each evening origin of the fire to unknown a t present. From appear- fered under the oppressions of toe Paraguay government,THE GrABD AT COMPANY DRILLS.occupiedbycempanieedrilling—aguardissetandthe ances.Itstartedamongsomewrappingpaperunderthe and,inafewwords,prescribethemodebywhichand tbe means necessary t o insure im mad tote redress.SvM-ino.v or Sot L PLAY.—A boy named Walter R.presumptuousInsohumbleanindividualasmyselftoas-andthirty-fourfromSacramentoParaguaygovernment;batInasmuchasmydespatches to tbe State and Navy Departments, on the subject of the foreeably breaking up of the sUBtawaa of toa American CompanybytheParaguaygovernment,laISM,havetended at that time—for 1 by no means claim for"opinion" to for the advice and approval of the President, any orders exist to realise upon goods for Eastern TUBREGIMENTALOYMKASnTM. Mk*JaneBrooks,desiresustostatethathaloanedmo-Isuppose;howeverthismaybe,ittopresumedtobeforacompliancewiththemaadthepretestcan ofThe officialvisiters andtheir ladies, after passinga pleasant|timeatthearmory,proceededtotheregimental gymnasium, whichto directly in the vicinity of tho for- mer. It is without doubt one of the most interesting de- partments connected with this model armory, and inthesatisfactionofjustice,andtbe puhlio must judgeof trade to outof the guestton. Oram comes in thejusticeoftheargumentanddecisionfromtheevi- sparingly,andinsufficient tomake«sayobjectforex dence. How obligatory, then, on thepart of toe Commis- por>. toiyerseearfor a limited demand for oonsump sion to set forth all the facta of the case, tha "whole tion. Prices of wheat and flour droop tor the filling ef truth," such orders. There is nothing saw to freights; rates areI will endeavor to supply, to some extent, this omis- nominally tower. Honey matlam era quiet. ' CoantoaCoexcu—AnadjournedmeetingoftheBoardsion,byextending^littlefartherthequotationsfromtheaextsteameragooddewaadmaybe" '*Wprofessor of calisthenics, one of its members, and a wellknowngymnast,andIs,withoutexcoptlon,toevery speciality belonging to a gymnasium, the finest to the UnitedStates. EnteringatNo.28St.Bark'splace,what appears a private residence, the vtoiter finds himself in a suit of elegant parlor and reading rooms, where piano, music, chest loards, billiard table, and other polite on tertamments of the day, may be had for the asking. Above these, on tbe second and third stories, orethein m y humble opinion, requires some action o n t h e Europe, 140 w h ; Henry Kneeland, Arctic, Tee wflu; 30th.proper degree of finish to (he floor. The whole is render- in an immense practice hall, extending hockedsmoothbyplai.in^,scrapingandsandpapering,andis toSeventhstreet,onehundredandeightfeatlong, bedirected,underthedirectionoftheCounsellorofthecity,fifty-two feet wide andtwenty-two feet high.The totakethenecessarystepstoretainandkeeppossessionor polished after beirg thoroughly oiled and waxed. tbe property on the corner of Fourth and South Second The platformtoalso inlaid, inwhat iscalled the block ceiling, and the walnsotting around tha room, which street*;andtheComptrollerisdirectedtoignore anyleaseof pattern, which combines a fix-pointed star, with a hexa- is about ten feet high,are constructed of yellow pine, died the property, and to refuse to receive any rent for the man; gonalblockoftorcopieces. Thewoodsarethesameas andhighlypolished. Therestoftheapartmentisamaze andtheCounselloroftheBoardisherebydirectedtotakeall ofrings,bars,ladders,inclinedplanes,batouteb.iards, necesisarystepstomaintaintbecityinpossessiono*thesaidhorizontal breast poh-s, magic ladders, clubs,slack ropes, property.Resolved, That the Comptroller neglected his dutv in leas-night after night, and to publish them day after day, so help him Cod, he will use tbe means for his defence which God and nature had given him. From thto he pro-In the dark ages—the attack on the Water Witch) "should dm estow a*«aof the escritioiro are two miubture fljld the entire sides of the room. They are eight feet in the city. None but gentlemen, to fact, are permitted to the iu guoaue argument, and accused his accusers of have been avenged; but I trust it has not passed when picres. aompjato to ovary detail of equipment. Over too height and eighteen inches in depth, with the exception outer tha premises. We learn that, at th; solicitation of thrusting their arms up to the shoulders in the public toe government of Paraguay shall be* made responsible aotonai'a chair toa mafniflcoat pktore of t h j patriot of the portion token up by the arm racks, which are hexa- a large number of ladies '-indirectly" belonging to the treasury. After dwelling on thto picture at some length, for the pecuniary losses sustained by those American citi- WjehtngssB, tear foot by three and ahaU", executed by goaW. turrets, eight in number. These are two feet six regiment, there is some prospect that the gymnasium the AMerman went on to Batronise vigilance committees, zens, and caused by toe exercise of the most tyaaaalcalBc4ii.ng on the whole a marked and distingw afpeaiwace- rious colored marbles, white the remaining six are of it is the on!y time when these gentlemanlyTk side 3cM offloars' chairs are also very beautrfhl. O n mottled walnut. are really "on their muscle." The institution now num-"The time has elapsed when th e indignity offored the I Pope, for which signatures and material ted ware selltsMtr lusts m orsMsaeatal aortot aad eold. arc emblazon- The cases to be used by the members for keeping their bers nearly five hundred members, and, outside of theed the letters "X. G."—the initials of the regiawnt. uniforms aroatoo of solid black walnut, and occupy nearly regiment, embraces some cf tha wealthiest g%utlemen in ceeded to refute the charge of fraud and corruption, byflag" (alluding to that act of b.trbarism to be fj»und onlycited!ah« lawsier bandof itosabrsadt Psale,aiid costing upwards inches in diameter by t?n feet in height, and are will be opened for their benefit under a femaio teacher. which, he said, had done considerable good ia New Or-power."Tha above will show that m y despatches to toe Navy IDepartment do not altogether exonerate the Paraguay government, which would be inferred from tha argu- ment of the American Commissioner, and aa It may be supposed that t h e opinion was somewhat influenced b y the •'elections he thus carefully made, these extracts willvisor Blunt in the chair, the President beingIhc reeding of toe mteutea was dispensed with, and toe following business wes transacted:—The resolution o f request from t h e Beard o f Super visore to the Common Council, which had been retained WfnSool asytiotJce being taken of it, and which was r# sent to the Common Council, w a s again returned; totea* fl#X>. A spandld^. covered wahmt bociccase, »o arrant ed aa to be equidistant, four la each case. Cir- m'- utrary, adaras tho aoutuem tixlretrnty of the cular platforms in these turrets, at about four feet from ha!L No eolossal top to spiendidiy ittod with too Iker, arSfurnished with brass sockets for the recep-leans, by hanging the rogues in those diggings. H e w a s The cost of the entire concern was about forty thousand of opinion that it would have been for the interest of thedollars, and the amount has been so'Judiciously'and city if the man of whom he spoke (toe Timet man) hadm ammto Mf^oatBtottowof the State oast of arms, in hoU relief, surmountetl hy an eagle. Th*» sida wings arebeen strung up years ago. He could toll tales of that man that would make t h o angels weep; and be could name a member o f the Board a s being associated withernssiwH»l with cross aaaanra a n « too. cypher or toeat,"X.fl,"Tha.Ihiariorofthplibraryfully totberear,whenitbecomesnecessarytoopenthiracks.himinhisschemesofvillany. Aftersomefurtherre- furthershowthatthedcspii'.rhesfromwhkhtheyaretaken could not ia any manner, a s evidence in tbe cafe, have led to the decision Anally arrived a t b y the Com mission. *•tmaxtertor me«:ain«erwal It sontoins ef chotoo wnaks on military Of er-Cbloacl Marfan I. smith. Co. have also made a contributioa to.Therestof thefurailure inthis ruiuu c-joists of thirty-eight black walnut armchairs, fWHT tables, f # o torje sofas, secretarifla, desks.eW. *U epholstareoT in green cloib, and asuahod to toaahaste style ofatawi efealeta prrwaaisrl te-th*aegltopl byEach rack will c -nuiin fifteen muskets, thus nuking pro- vision for one hundred and twenty in all. Tho space in the turrets below the muskets will be used a s lockers or Closets.The remaining pofttons of these cases, i. e., tb/He parts betwaentheturrets, amentirely devoted to lockers, <ne hundred to number. They are placed in two rows, one above tha other, too lower oat raised about twtnty inches from lap floor, thus bringing the lower line to the level of the main base lice of the turrets. Each locker is three fast in heigh!, one foot wide, andmarks, and a refusal to name the member of the Board alluded to. the Alderman sat down., time it wes accompanied by a note from the deputy dark ef the Common Council, stating that tbe Board ef The "opinion"furthermoTe adrTsforce to the declaration» Aldermen had ordered the retort of the lemlsttew. Ittion of the muskets, the whole front ef the racks being protect, i by a sash of walnut aad heavy plate glass, Which can be moved on a sort of circular railway entirelytastefully expended as to result In tho gymnasium par excellence o f America.Army ImteUlsrcner.The War Department has caused orders :•> be issued todetach one honored and fifty recruits from NewportBarrscks, Kentn k y , nnd proceed to Fort Randall,Nebraska, there to be assigned to the lourth regimen* ofartillery. The ofSicors ordered toaccompauv tho d-tach- the parties leasing the property, hut that it was simply raentare—CaptataO.t*.Lov«ll.Secondinfantry; Lieu-anerrorofjudgmentinnotleasingitaccordingtolaw. The second resolution was carried without amendment,and the third was lost by a vote of 11 t o i .The report of the special committee appointed to inves-tigate the charge against Alderman D. Green, of certifying the bills of the contractor for street cleaning inthe Tenth ward, was called up. The report entirely exonerates the Alderman from the charge which forms the ground of the indictment against him by the Grand Jury. The report was adopted and the committee discharged.7tie rest of the business was of a routine character, af- ter transacting which the Board adjoorned.rbuTwuisBROOKLYN—TheBrooklyniteshavedetermin- cfeandeVcrt.of chaste una tar.efnl Oct**, sited a bi.ne jf of the casasnd the front wall, i. t-, at each endo f the A leave of absence for twelve months has been granted i ed to Lave a skating pond under regulations similar tooftenmade,thatnothingwasaceoiapliaucdbythemis- waslateuntbetable. sion to Paraguay,backed by qnits a formidable squadron,tenant Thomas W. .Sweeny, Second infantry; yeuteBiOt Rufiis Sexton, Fourth artillery; Lieutenant E- !>• T**rBtat, Fourth artillery; Lieutenant James H. Halkwgnlst, Fp»rth artillery; Lieutenant William G. Robinson, Second in Tantry.Surgeon D. C. Pe LeoB, Medical Department, is ordered to FayeUeville, N. O., and ropovt'for duty at that post(formidable for us, at least, for the wliolo navy afloat It was generally understood that this meeting should wor.ld i.ot constitute a formidable squadron). B y w a y be the i * t fcr the presuct year: b u t Sapervtoor LrmaAssistant Snrgffon T. M. Getty, Medical Department is'the city (one which can be easily flooded), erect a pavilion lor tha accoTimo- dationofthemembersandtheirfriends,sotforgetting the ladies, andhave a police force to see that toe rates t add materially, by their perspective, to too general ef Captain John C. Robinson, Fifth infantry, for the benefit ore complied wUh, ho. The committee appointed for the purpose is said to have decided to secure the "Mill pond" on Fifth avenue, the owner o f which willaid in the move- ment to every way. This pond is about twenty acres int h r i i t i u a i F e s t i v a l . 'The Sabbath school of the 1lUhsran church of St. James,inButFifteenthstreet,heldtheirChristmas celebration to the church on Thursday night last. Tho1 romtawttlysBwIayyd tothst ratss to a paintiug live walnut mouldings, and are furnished with the necessary dragoons, for the benefit of his health, twelve mouths, toi t tnr««tle«,oj«aSBas> to an otsg«a« gth fram*, rapr* Looks, hoi, for the raarpiioa of the umforta.-? of thate r itifficcrs. ThefroBtSWthesech|B-?tsfscjobliquelytoto ^^^BStowr;BSptaaHrViiSi.." the room, and in cash is a targe mirrorjpanel. TheseCaptain Henry Little, Seventh infantry, ton month.-; Lieutenant RichardV.Boaneo,fourmonths,Capfnln Washington J. Newton, Second dragoons, three mouthsaeafavtor aeratees ia tohsurvey at Bartom ftear^toej feet of thawoom.wheanot to-aea b y the Board of | Sating aocommodhsioas a r e found in twelve walnut,building w a s densely crowded. T h e exercises c o m menced at sgren o'clock,'opening with an appropriate tol troductory eBorus,'foliowed n y a prayer. Then t h aMeaphytor werkefThe resolutionof his health, six months.a TDoaptiea, -easPswaaojoBl1 %u.t . ,*rsotis - Its of thws-whon not hi Sinrostn LOSB or IBB Suaor SPRAT—The sloop Sprav,! extent, is admirably adnp'ed for toa purpose and is di- which a couple of addresses and another song broughtt t>l«ish covarsd benchat, each one cipibleof seating five •tiBOkbignorpaytog-ofCJrdjtopbr tsewilltmplacedatotalhthehKkcrsoneachside,thethesasse. to epea la ali uwia-"Song of Angela" was sung by the miaul class, aftern e f ^ c B a rmateofexpenseplacedat8300,83788. Bwasordereato beprmted, and wae thea laid <mU» table.Borneunimportantbusinesswasattendedto,afls^fbe Board adjourned to meet on Monday, at one P. M.renderednotoriousbythesupposedmurderofthecap- tain aad others on board by Jackalow, now awaiting his trialtothtocity,waspurchasedsometwomouthsstnee by gentlemen in North Carolina, for the purpose of put- tingheroatheCapeFearriveratapassengerpacketbe- tween WHmlngton and Smtthviae. After uadergomgacsB» repairsandtakinginfreight,she sailedfrom NewYorkrectlyontheBneoftheCentralBailroad.•~ <*If j - ..«*.-., jl&IS&SFS^iB.tM**•t• •iimytamiimi PHII •••^curateaccountiskeptoftheamountat waterandtoe] menced. Whatwithteachersgatheringtheircliar-cu, ocnsnmed, the number of revolutions the pressure of and pupils charging their teachers, the blowing of shrillUntitled Documentby 1 tive slave Anderson, who it fiatooed by the Uaitod authorities.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—Mr sVsBCte PewaeB, a prtoivr, committed axde by taktog poison ia Bt:stc?. «B theneyonthecheck,notknowing it to hestolen,andwas merelywantingtoseeifitreallyrepresentedanyproper- ty when he was token into custody.washeldyesterdayafternoon,PresidentKalbfleischla tbe chair.AldermanSTRONGroseto aquestionofprivilege,aadmoved that the special committee to whom was referredtheinvestigationIntothecharges madeagainstMm is the Williamsburg Times, and a communication from the Comptroller, relative to the lease of property on the cor- ner of Fourth and South Second streets, E. D., have leave to report.The motion was agreed to, and an elaborate report was submitted, concluding with the following resolution :—Resolved, That we deem the course of Alderman Strong, in relation to the leasing of the property;on the corner of Fourth and Houth Second streets, i s deserving t h e censure of this BoardResolved, That the Commissioner of Repairs and SuppliesAfter considerable discussion t h e first resolution w a s amended by declaring that no fraud w a s committed b ythoseatCentralPark.Ittosaidthataclubwasformed onSaturdayevening,whoseintentionitIstosecureoneof••-- •• M ii...hefelt thatthepaBBcwealdBsvetobjecttoeach•Bate*, as B was merely a just appn etettsa e f tetesa.On motion, tt was laid over. ^ ^ . ';,_. toTheCommitteeonAnnualTaxesofferedaie«am«ai*eappropriate the sum of 850Utopay the Honjohn£«*<«done by thedirectionoftoeBoard resented the tost report of thewill meet with strong oppositionthe West Hartley coal, are ew ctoro, and purport to have discovered mine, aboutwhere a companyarriveatSanFranciscobytoeThe brig Here, twenty-eight days frees Fetai*maswski,in Asiatic Russia, arrived a t Honotalo oa the Stat of Oc- ^~ toher. She spoke the whale ship Euphrates in latitude 4« north, with 1,000 bote, of oil, bound to Hoociulu. Busi-ness was reported inactive s i Petropaukrvski a n d Nteo- lacffekl. which, at the latter place, was owing to a want of opportunitiesforthecarriagecfgoodsto toetotartoraad limited demand for foreign merchandise amonArrived a t Honolulu, Oct 29—Ship Storm Francisco (and sailed 31st for Hong Kong).The ship Rapid had been chartered to load guano fortbe Atlantic States at (16 per toa, by tha»• — : . .B o a r d of iThto Board met yesterday a t one o'clock P. VKgypsy.\ www.fultonhistory.com• tftamA^itm »44. ,^ij!#-.;*»*,Tf f"O" */-3kt*'• .-•-.,: >-,<.»,-;?.'•» ,;,' 