 'V'I. i«sad white baize, as that its appearance was light and airy, bat owing to there being at no time more than six bmdred people present, the general effect of the ballPORT ar Puses, August 30,1860. JnrteRailroad Projectfrost(beChasftotheJb*hur,dc.Tnere la noting of political Interest t > advise you of. the country is quiet, and bat little doing.terday, which was listened to with great attention, aad received frequent spplaose:—^AKT I1. Overture—Feativa' and Triumph Marchburn) has just beeaordafaed and fastened as pastor of tbs Presbyterian chorea la Malta, Saratoga county.Rev. J. W.^Jones, of Louisa county, Y a, has been or- dained as a Baptist missionary to Jspas.INVITATIONS.The Rsv. S. Herbert Lsaney, late of the Union Theo-already undergone, or which at this moment beset you, as also the more direful calamities wbich seem to impend, and we shudder In contemplating them. We have seen abandoned men, unmindful of your clemency, revolting against yon, their Father and Prince. We have seen others, comparatively few fa numbers, fad on to revolt by wicked artifices and incentives We have seen your faithful subjects, whose number was great, violently withdrawn, against their will and inclination, from their allegiance, and prevented from rendering it. We have41•AFor someii"1tbe Serried aaanner In which t t e room was built, none rf tte arraagementa were complete. When I viaitad it at daak yesterday, t t e workmen war* stilt baay about it, massn M k\ OdBMCtMBOA tlhmYft.4SSBMSecor Don Norberto da la 1 here, aaS faag iiffiereSand baas iADDRESS TO THE POPE BT THE BI8HOF8 OP THE FBO> VOICE OF BALTIMORE, AND THE FOFB'8 REPLY.1 a M M $ his new traasmontenaproyiacea of.Savoy aad Nice, WIS te a personal meeting betwesa his Imperial Majesty sad the victorious Sardinian Slag. The VWtt comes mott opportune, and u'NaplesUlisst once, and all.£ 1 !.§** * ' P».r•The government htve now under consideration a plan Bsry were told by the doorkeeper that none ware to be cf th 3 greatest importance to tbs island. It is nothing'blo increase from Buenos Ayres.1i •aunt—ami t- The Central Park Concert*.•amor's soggestlceaSt. Timothy's church (ProtestMt Episcopal), in Fifty-The Washington Star states that Weagb Chapel, Capitol Episcopal churches have recently taken action in favorThe two Toleaaoes at Saplea-or ratter tbe moral aad political oae—so thoroughly absorb t t e feeling and peine here in England that minor even;* and domestic news areTHE NEWHERALD.• «n- -•MMof ttoe Immense grate elevators thseity.¥iii'n»"""»SUNDA YWEOLE NO. 878L BABOH BXflFEIW AT THE WEST.^t^^*******^^^**^**^^********.MORNING,23,I860.PHICB TWO CSNTS.u n i u 1 1 1. i . n i i » « 1 •AFFAIRS IN EUROPE. ^>^S,^^**^*>rW^>^«iS^N<»(ri»^s/wvrf^tDwn.n) sYaTrow, 111., Sept 23, ] Lard Bestrew end suite arrived here at t P. M.•an Taw a t t e guest of J. 0. Spaaoor, atbo will remain o w r Sonday. Mr. dpeojerfa aocommoda- tteas aot being snfieieatrf assets lor t t e entire ropal party, tte otters are tte (MBUof Mr. Roedright andMr. 1 P.St. Lotis, Sept S3, MSarrasgemaau tew as yot tesa nam>ca of Lord Renfrew sad suite in this city.pew-gathered ta front of nfmuio published ta tteH a m i l t o nHasuxTon, C. W., Sept. 30, IMS.IkBalU:l^ssa*" '^ **W ^Ta"^^••te^sBjap^TM•dMWJcsaVnA, rfc.,a?c.Tte citixate bell given last night In this town wa>, InItem tteforswollhstfOvTI.preach to day, st half-past ten A. M. and half fast seven P. M. Subject fa the morning—"The Temptation of Christ." fa the evening—'-The Mission of Life."'"Eternal Fire." Ia the Bteeeker street UniversaHst church, corner of Downing, services at half-past tea A. M. and half past seven P. M. In tho evening Jade 7th will be considered by Rev. Msses Balloa.In tbe Memorial church, Hammond street, comer of Waverley place, the Bev. J. A. Massey, rector of Trinity church, Mobile, Ala., will preacb*this morning and after- aooa, and the Rev. Dr. Morgan, restor of St. Thomas' church, will preach fa tbs evening. Services at half past tea, half-past throe and teif-ptst seven o'clock.The Protestant Episcopal French Church du St. Esprit, corner of Franklin and Church streets, will reopen for Di- vine service to-day, at the usual hour, half past ten o'clock A.M.The New Jerusalem Church (3wedenborgfan) will hold public worship to day at the Nttioaal Musical Institute, 766 Broadway, at half-past ten A. M.is not believed that there an caramel points of 1enough between Austria aad France te beget a league 1 brotherhood that will meases the peace of Europe. France desires territory on the Rhine aad a strong foothold on t t e shores of tbe Levant, ta Egypt, Abyssinia, Syria aad, Palestine, while Russia longs for Constantinople, aad asflaataZtoa—ne £odI* IretSiSBvsW^hSPfetSiSfPWant*^SJsee or two roapects, t t e worst that tea been offered toshs Prises of Wales in t t e British rroriaeea. Owing to stttetasas whtoh sxfatsd ispirit.mtisic the people were scattered through the Park, ram- bling through t t e Ramble, or watcning the graceful movements of the swans; hat scarcely had' t t e overtu releft toallow of t t e fleer befagwashiili tgathered around tbe performers, while outside of these again were stationed an Immense number of carriages, tte largest number that has ever been tbsts on a Sat-irHOLY FATHSB—We have often had oscaaton to deslareby letter tbe reverence and affeetlon watch we bear toyear person and your See. We wrote from time to time seems dear before Garibaldi, it will be rtry easy for tbs to seek favors for ourselves ana for tbe flocks committedto oar charge, or to implore you to confirm, by your au-thority the laws enacted by us It was meet that weshould express tbe deepest feelings of respect when, sssuppliants, we approached your throne, seeking the aidof your wisdom or authority.*takfagaaad to tbe amount of Haas hundred and t wen- tytteeaasM S^-.ujah doilaranent thing.The concert yesterday proved no exception to the gene- ral rule, it being listened to by thousands or parson?, trom the aristocracy down to the little democrat, sans coat, saw*everything, bat with an expression his republican sad fadapsadsat time previous to t t e beginning of t t eof the Diocese of Baltimore in behalf of the Papal fondfar the relief of the ciurch at Rome Thus far re-spnasee have been received from fifty four eoagregs tions,whose aggregate offeriDg Is $11,951 61. Of t h s amoant$10,166 48 was contributed by fifteen congregations oftea city, as follows:—Cataedrai, $1 836 98; St. Peters,$1,800: fit Alnboans, St. James aad Holy Omss (united).$1,600; St Ignatius, $1,464; «t Patrick's, $1,200; St. Vin-cent of Paul, $720, St John's, $815; St. Ml sheet's, $830;St. Joseph's, $280 26: Immaculate Conception, $:ttft SO: much of Turkey aa can be obtained. Tte n«xt me ITmost St Laurence's, $72 25: 3t. Bridget's, Canton. $60 8*3,Bt# fofthe Emperor Napoleon that w<?shall see, now be Is oa* Visits-.ion Convent, SS6.t t eof the city got up a ball, and ror the pur- fa the city. wSepSS,StOFreachineoheromyttetfaaJlFfBiuwItcooJd not bars*••••• 1» Wwaaf MMBMSS OT VpWwaXQetto I860,261 were from Spain sad Spanishfrom North America, MS from Englanuteste parts. This shows a decrease ta Span tab44, and in home ports of 16, with aa increase fa thosefrost North America of 56 sad 32 ta those from England.There fa a falling offln those from rYaace aad a consider- fourth street, west of Eighth avenue, will be opened to- Hill sad East Washington (near tte Navy Yard) Methodist quite eclipsed. Two days ago the Slag fled to Gaeta, acd_ jSssaal^BBaaBBBVBBBBBtaBaBV aSalaUsaHaartasI totteaawamaos.A iwoject has received the attention of theto Cordova Hia proposedacceptedof the Confederation, xhia fat t eit good man sad complimenting thetberefreaameat room to rearatt enfeebled nature; battill more nor leas than a railroad, to connect one of tte t; sorgenbrecker WaltzII.i n asmvAL or rax macs, southern ports and the mines recently discovered. 7. <ong—'Why do I Weep for Thee" d:d aot ooecr till eleven «*-croek, when a rush was A* far aa Ican ascertain, the p -n meets with great fa- 8 Scherzo Symphony No. 3tar ten. Bet alt who came, ladies a ".ice vor, and nothing ta wanting to carry oa tbe project but • FAST III.wan gentlemea, has to deli?er op tte aaaok ihe* wa* the necessary meet* ire foreign capitalists disposed to 9. Overture—- Ls Fills du Kegiment. even to them I* exchange lor tteir hail ticket before lock into thia matter' If the rota is properly conducted 10. Mazurka—'-La Violetta"logical Seminary in this oity. has been called to tbe pas-Waltoea toral charge of tbe Baptist church at Masaillon,Ohio, as seen nourishing cities and provinces separated from yourd tey wers altowte admission, thia was to prevent any It is sore to pay, aad in pay well, at that,11. 0n«* Msjrdt—uU Pollute'' li.»—Ftaafa to Overturo—"William Tell"National airs, So.tist church, in Lowell, Mass , has accepted a call from venture to a?sail your person and your office, are not ui-tbe Elmstreet Freewill Baptist church in Manchester, to known to us. The machirations and nefariont plots already formed, and parity executed, are, within oarbecome pastor of the society. He will enter upon his knowledge, directed to strip the Chief Dishop of thei s going into the supper soom more tteaeaaa during fa* wholTtime at the bah. Many had aeftected taBiac Sacks In exchange, and were tamed bees uaoBreneosi- palp. Those who succeeded la gating in—and the ajanmeat wasaaty aatteale at boMtac a saawi sortion of lose present—fouad tee sapper almost mythical and the eaaeMacaa eaasaalry bad. •Toe markets remain aa at my last, with, perhaps, ia prices.The swana recently received from England nave been put into tbe ponds; but there appears to be a strong feed- ing of enmity between them and the Hamburg swans, aa they are constantly fighting. But as there arc over lorty of tbe new importation and only three of tbe o d residents, the sympathy of thepsople ia decidedly withduties en the first of nest month, but wilt optUfa-te- ttitl!e3'••^ill the first of text January.Rev. William C. Doaae,son of tbe late iiiahop Doane. has received a nnauimnaa call to tbe recwiuaip of tit. Mar>-'a church, Burlington, N. J.Rev. A. McDoogall, or She last six years pastor or the Congregational chnr<-b, ia Sherburne, New Vora, has ac- cepted a call to tb« Kim fr»>soyteri.'io cburv.n in Dryden, Tompkins county, New Yark, an<l enters upon his labors immediately.patrimony of S(. Peter, in order that, being reduced towant, te may bo aa object of scorn to tbe world, or may queatrsAfatt. 12,LU0,CC0. ; uouMit.ptioa fund, 10,000.000.'.;• a Boysl Highness only remained there s'wat firalatde, 3 0t/0 000f.; Injury t<» trade, !>,0C« 0B03.'.; extra dignation against the authors of these crimes ? The bond stores, 2,tOo OoOf: nrat m atb'y ;nst«!n,«H of ,oau,-Bbaa he left, in the midst of a general cacar. boundary treaty with Brazil. Venezuela has lost a flae a lady waa at this time lying lu as unconscious state territory aad tta right to Amazonia. But never mind; a lee dressing room, owing to the exftal v.ions ref >rrei to. others have gained. It appears that in printing alone TBB ru.vwau!tKXse§ Brazil has expended more thaa two thousand dollars, an* kb-wt of the public o.:,cea, oank* awl stores were meaa- as much more in clerk expenses. Yet, more than that: A deputy of high sUnding la said to hare received au aooDtBious letter with but the solitary word, '•Grati- tude."' bat which contained five hank bills of $1,000 eacn. a ob'jun boas Two dollars anti a halt per day *•• j The city of Sat Salvador was visiter by several varyeight o'clock, on wet oats and grass, and appear to thrive wonderfully on that diet. In winter there will be a pond of water for their use apart from the large pond, watch will have tbe large one entirely free for tbe skaters Apropos of skatmg, tbe ladies are about getting up a petition to present to the Commiaioners. asking for tbe large pondat tbe lower end of the Park for their exclu- sive use during the winter. We hope they may get it.The boats are now running on the lake, and a person for the sum of ten cents can make a tour of it. One boat only is going at present, but as tbe domand increasesof charity, which connects all the members of this mystic body, over which yon preside, is so strong, that all nave one mind, all share in toe same sufferings. Xorcanthe Head be smitten without pain to all the members7c0\000l.; total, M Z$3 0001. < 'rd^ary and extraordinary taxts, ace vding 10 a ropcrt o» the ceutrai c jagre,j*;,oo of, Vthice, 78,C00,OO0:., maSinga grand t^ial uf !ZlM'.,<m:.TDote are fl-rins, aot fraucs, and equal 1 > n i s i $ea CCO000 ofyour currency. A late letter from U -agary givts au account of tuo result of amid very .«|MbU,. t>:iite UU'B. The leadag printer was a poet LV. ael Ttttcs:cs, who was senteujed to fifteen j a u * lamrjajn- tiitnt with hard Ubor. the other priaosera beiag; - *>e 1 This is Eaid to be a remarkably lenient eeuiencd, <+>£*•.• dericg tbe stele of the law and tha horrible nature o. ice cfftite. A tetter from Hungary gives ihe .oUow.as as-', Count of the affair:—M. law-slog an oM poet, who has taken to poiiiisa. fallac 0 with a revolutlonart paetpkiei ia :iie MAC' *r iinvie, :.oi» hie crehtne faculties ao powerfully uua-a as to ueiiao-.led .j commitkUtiiou^htato>.»oer 1h-sreIleatbs Ha .an,•>c>:JU. where a number ot bit junior ac'iosletaoecs are i«d 'IT fat* n paj h ma visit Ike joiinsa^rKcaich up «c&*. i» "*fo"'n:i«-?,. and, perusing lae-pre^oaat vrod'-ctioo, maufy their *!<•*: a, - piob&uon oi be sam*.—no m ^h »• : i « th«y mot- nee-.». liyt a l e * copy or two, irnich my carry home a s 1 p.-.tu-e.'* tatiusrlves to treasure up ••* a meo.ei.ijof tbe o&U-ot \>oe:. But now the gorenimee-. atepi to. Having been iitarwaei a' tbe oecurrene- b*"s>me unkatwn sey, thea:uh»nle« arrest writer aad readers »nd, aft^repeoema astmoatkim thein- veiUgail D ot so brinous a criMe, 0nan> psSwmseaSJadgmvet 10thefarhionabov«meutKued. xsaeecs,formRtaa;dowe* hia tauusbts and allowing a few copies te be tateu by a ...a bojs of his aequatatance. is, at the a«e of sixty, eonlearned to pass fa* las* mteen year* of bis life in a bona* of eorreeiifa; ana wiih no talace to ch«-er the weary tours b^a that 0 u i k i n picktaf. 01 some such eligible tsaploymeat for tte miad of aa educated num.'1 , * ain*oa| as general as on the prev:ous evening,The Third Presbyteri.ui ch'-rch, Troy, N. Y ,h»ve ten- It is, bowever, specially to be deplored that thesekutefa were OBcomtortebty crawled, and raiay s»t at night m tbe hall and mediae; mom seats, uosoiedcred a unanimous c. II tofW It. a. fliusdail, of Priuci- ton, which it is uuilwrtaood lie wi" accept.rNVITATBSK DKCMSED.Itov. AlcxrniilT K^r'l, now pastor of iLo Presbyterianwron?s are perpetrated agatast yon, Holy Father, not by the declared enemies or the Christian faith, and of your See, but by audacious men who boast of their Cathotia profession. Hence we greatly rejoiced when, on a lata occasion, you drew forth the sword of tbe Spirit, wbicb yon wear by Divine appointment, and cut off entirely fromomdid not get home till near midnight.At East NS«BIK, fa t t e morning, tbs aaasdows were "did The lower floors of several booses which hadtea bain on the lew lauds between t t e railroad and thetBruatie wets overflowed.The residence of J. Morgan, on t t e Belleville tarnpika,sea* t t e copper avisos, wee struck by lightning; duringwastooav The fluid entered tbe north side of the house,isasag throes* tte parlor aad oat oa tte opposite aide.The Jornal da Bahia, llrastl, gives the following:— Oa th' 8th or May, fa the city of Kossrio, Mr. Alexander Eymard wa» playing the part of a servant la a panto- mime, and fa the last act had to commit suicide by shoot- ing himself in the mouth with a musket. Either through carelessness or hurry, he actually discharged the musket into bto mouth* iutitcting on himself a horrible wound. Though it contained nothtog but powder, his tongue was blown to piece*, must of his teeth, with pieces of the jawBrothers.Tte Woman ta White, by Wilkie Collins.Brothers.Harper &Several weather boards, sashes aad shutters were com-B demoiabed. Soma bah* doses persons were fa the bone, imbeoded ia bis palate, and his mouth slit acrossPAMPHLETS AND MAGAZINES.Harper's Monthly Magazine for September and October. The London Quarterly Review. Leonard, Scott k Co. Hunt's Merchants' Magazine for September. GeorgeW. &Jno. A. Wood.The Atlantic. Monthly for October.Observatioas on Street Railways, by George FrancisTrain. Sampson Low k Sons, London, England. NEW MUSIC.Perry's Victory March. S. Brataard, Cleveland.Your excellent sentiments, worthy of all praise, havegreatly ddighted us, although tbey were not new or un and ioin the one from the west at £m!th3e!i expected, since we well know, venerable brethren, the market. Still another is about opening in thefateafl.The damste to tte hmss of Mr. Watts* P. n««n, iatear High was mors serious than at first The fluid set the tease oa Ire, aad kaoeked sweral holes In tbe chimney. Mrs- rwaa was atnenad, •at st! 1hels tbe effect of tbe lightning. Messrs. Jamea •alhraith and J Vanderhoof, who live fa tte vicinity,•are knocked down by t t e ateok sad temporarily at teled.The freight depot of tte Merrta sad ateaz Railroad fampaay.m this city, waa also atruck, hot only a le \wereknockedoff tteCoroner's Iwqaeat.A woman fa Bahia, so the papers state, gave birth to a very large weJ farms) boy, after nineteen months preg nancy. The child died.Tbe deluge of modern ideas has aot yet awsptover Brazil so completely ss to loosen tbe barber's grasp from tbe pincers, or shake the lanc*t from his nimble fingers, and, accordingly, he may still be seen plytsg those in- •truments, whilom the exclusive privilege of his profes sion tbs world over, before modern innovation enaroach- ed upon so seasy time honored customs and prerogatives. We incline to think that it waa just as well to entrust bleedingandtootndrawingtoother hands,If the tonso rial fraternity were no mora skilful than the kaight of the brush aad razor who draw forth the following unique and sot over complimentary advertisement, which we uad in one of the Rio papers:—extraordinary affection and zeal whicn you cherish for usheart of Belgravia—Pioalico—and w'll cross the Thames and join the Southwestern near Vatxhsll, and connect with the Crystal Palace Ra*lway. ft !* anticipated that, eventually, there will be ac embank- ment on tbe Thames, allowing of a railway from P'.aslico lo (.baring Cross, and directly down the Thames on'he nfrth, or city side, running near the Bank, and -*onnect- ing at Feocharcb street with the North London Railway. Ibis last name! railway has been in operation wveral years, and rnns from Fenchureb street (only 900 yards from the Bank) by a circuitous route through te* north'• y———3X-" • • —• iSowthThe boundary treaty between Venezuela and Brazil isappear to depend on the capricious favor of earthly prmcee, to the detriment of his dignity and authorityHaving these facts before us, how could we. Holy Father, be without feeling intease sorrow and jast In-diachaifre of 1 H'OUUB, 150,000.': suppreeslura cf tne arstaa!,,3,000.000* ; suppre»»io« of thei commissions for r*»njo-:it-'ibg the cavalry, loO.Cu'J .;extra military billets, SUb 00-lf.;extra txpense ior oarrHCks, OJO.COW ; exprop.'ia.:an ulAmericanmatee w l l n n p .thus commented on by the Comercia, of Lagoayra, of JulyaaSaSaa, and then resumed dancing till a ;aarler to taree, T:—Yesterday the Chamber of Deputies approve! the the Hamburgers. The swans are ted every morning atSa cbarge to ahsaa who cwld t»o ac^nBinodatel severe shocks of earthquake un the 21st, 221 and 231 oad thew were hn idled tng^ther, Uiree to a :cen ie a June, which did conquerable damage to buildings; but there will be additions made. Boats are allowed to carrycongregation of Par.i.-is'oaiir, Va , Das declined a ca'l tothe Central cborch. (,'. jofaiiti, of which I)\ N, L. Hice the Catboltc communion these shameless men- By thismat, ana bad to struggle bard lor a scanty meaU Suoo strange to say, no one was injured bat a child of three stiff aeon to day bis Boyal fl:gha*t•« <-ro»e to the exhf- yearaoli, who was knocked down by part of a falling* Bttina and formally opened it There was an imm^uss wall. These stocks wers.tho severest that have been ex-six passengers, and mu*t leave tbe landing at regular hoars. The trip occupies nearly an hour. Yesterday a number of ladies were being rowed about, and the boat- man was never Idle.New Booka Received.The following is a list of new publications received atthis office since tbe 19th or August:—A Comprehensive Dictionary of the English Language,by Joseph Worcester, I.L.D. Swan, Brewer &0o., Bos- tea.Band Book of Universal Literature, from the Latest Authorities, by Anne C. Lynch Botfa. Derby &Jack son.Critical and Miscellaneous Essay* and Poems, by T. Babington Maeaulay. D. Appleton k Co.Cuba for Invalids, by R. Gibbes. Townsend & Co.Report of the Fourth Annual Fair of the Agricultural and Mechanical Association. George Knapp & Co., St. Louis,.Annual Report of the Chamber of Commerce of New York, for tte Tear 1869-60. Joan Amerman.History of tbs Bible, for the Use of Schools, by tte Rev. Theo. Noethem Weed. Parsons k Co., Albany.The Household of Baaverie, or the Elixir of Gold; two vols., by a Southern Lady. Darby & Jackson.The Greatness aad Deolfate of Gessr Birotteau, by M. Honore de Balzac. Budd k Osrtotoa.Lectures on the Physical Powers, by Michael Farady. Harper & Brothers.don, England.Italy Transition, by William Arthur. Harper & Bro-thers.The Wild Sports of India, by Captain Henry Shakspere.was for a loeg time pastor.1'.'LUNATIONS.Rev. Dr. Till'.iny h;^ reatgii'd hw position as pastor ofthe Associate Kel'oriued Church iu Rtltimore, ami has ac- ceptt'i an invitation to become pastor of a Methodist Episcopal church lu ChicagoRev. Elroy Curtis, pastor of the Second Presbyterian church, at Fort Wayne, Iattiane, has signiued to Ws con- gregatiou liis intention to resign hie pastoral charge, and enter upon another Held of labor.DEATHS 1» THE MINISTRY.Rev. Henry O'Neil, of Macbias, Me., who arrived inXewbcryport, Maes, on Friday, 14th Inst., on a visit, was found dead in bed oa Saturday morning. The de- ceased probably died of sa affection of the neart, as hea u you bave ihowedtbat there still remains in the Catho- lic church that Divine power, by which she can oblige her children to walk rightly in tee Lord, under penalty of being punished for their rebellion If they prefer d«sobeni- ecce. The event will doubtless show that it ls easier to mock this exercise of authority than to escape its et&cts.We pray, nevertheless, H0I7 Father (which we Know is most in accordance with your own paternal feeling), tnat these members now cut off may soon be baaled by Divine grace, and restored to the body—that these wretfaed men may repent, aad evince by their actions tbe happy change of their dispositions—in a word, that they may serve for examples of Divine clemency rather than ot justice, for one or the other must be tha case.aead in the grounds adjoining, and these hont<xi tbe fieternor Geaerat iaa mani>er %ai>jhm<tst have ttraduu«d taythiag Sat a deitgbH'tl erieot upon tnai fenjerabiis need diaeC oadiaa gov rnment. His nnpopnlarity ia Grcada S airertal.The public were debarred admittance to the Interior of a buiidiig daring tbe re>at praaaace, and, as a BBKiuencc, they pusbed each otber about outsideha maaaer which betrayel anything but retlaement. iatoiy after the inapertton of tbe horses and car- caule and pigs, sheep and farming implements,perienced there in thirty years.General ilelo, of ••'an Salvador, was killed In a skirmish at Jon-ana, on the iron tit-re or Guatemala, en July 1. He was originally from Now Granada, aad bad fought with Bolivar in the war of independence.The Oarreio MercamU, of Rio Janeiro, July 10, publishes the following ccmnunicatlon—On the Sth fast, the Astroooml;tl and Hydrographical Commission, at tea, near Bahia, observed in tbe west, sftor sunset, a brilliant cosset, at tte height of thirty de-party arose to t t e railway station, sad left by special grees of north incunatioe. It waa visible when the sun at two o clock, under a salute trom the volunteer bat- was something = ike eight degrees oelow the horizon. Itslay, and cheers from the crowd assembled, farewell, tall waa about IS degrees loag. Tae nucleus had thewas in good health when he retired. years of age.He was thirty eightit becomes oa not, Holy Father, to exhort you to bearwith equanimit; the calamities which Cod hat willed tofall on the church aad on your person. All who have hadthe good lortune to see or hear you agree in testifying toyour tranquillity, nay joy, amidst so great sufferings. Be-sides, all know the fortitude and patience with which youbore tbe inconveniences of flight and exile ten yearsago. We shall rather implore with earnestness Christ, paratlvely mild, and might readily have bean oapital tbe corner stone and Invisible foundation of the church,"•mbitraoa 3ity'" I fling this to the s-ation master aad aa off to Detroit is the mMst of a dull shower. 'May the *«ns brighten before the torcbhgbt procession bright-brilliancy of a star of tue second magnitude. <w tbe 8th the same come: appeared near Saturn; then it receded considerably from tbe sun, aad its brilliancy became, fa oonseqnence, greatly diminished. The tail appeared to be no longer than one-third the length it presented on the 5th, and the nucleus was aot brighter than a star of the third or fourth magnitude.A curioso fa Rio has coroni ed statistics of pianos im* ported lato that city from 18M to 1869. Tbe whole num- ber was 3.688. Comparing that number with tbe free population or the empire, it speaks well for the cultivation of music among the Brazilians.Aa Imperial decree of Jaly 5 confers especial praise on the officers and crew of the corvette Donna Isabel, for the Slant and noble manner In whtoh they lent their aid to i ship Jacob A. Wesiervelt, when on fire m New Yorkharbor.Tbs Diario da Bahia says—The veterans of indepen- dence intend presenting to his Majesty the Emperor aa imperial crown made of feathers, i'ersoas who have seen the crown assure us that it is a work of unparalleled beauty and elegance. One of tbe veterans will be charged with the duty of presenting it to his Imperial Majesty.The La Grange (Texas) True Istue of tbe 23d alt. cbronicsea t t e deatn of Father Haynv, a well known and highly respected Methodist clergyman, at the age of 74 years. He bad been a minister in his church for a half century.Rev. Alfred EL Belts died at Brownhela, Ohio, on Sa- turday, the 15th inat., aged 74 years.Rev. J. B. Watt, of the Fresh; teriaa church, died near Charlotte, N. C., on the 17th Inst.NEW CHfBCHBS.The Union Chapel congregation (irof. Mattison's), havesecured three low of ground oa Fo. ty-iirst street, near Sixth avenue, and have commenctd the erectiou of a church edifice. It fa to te of brick, fa the Romanes(|ue style, with lectors room aad class room in tbe rear, on the same level, and tbe whole to cost about $16,000, ex- clusive of tbe site. Tbe main audience room will be 52 by 76 feet, with end gallery only, and will aeit about eight hundred person*.St. Peter's church, in Albany, opened 'for the first time for Divine service on Suwttay. Tne service was teed by the rector, tbe Rev. Dr. Pitkin, and the lessons by tbe Rev. Mr. Morrison, of St. John's church, Hope, tf. .1. The Right Rev. George l/pfiid, Bishop of Indiana, preached the opening discourse.The new Baptist church edifice In Bergen. N J , was dedicated on Sunday last with appropriate religious ser- vices. The opening sermon was pieached by Rev. Dr. Fish, of Newark, and during the day sermons were also preached by Rev. S. Rerahwton, ot New York, and Rev. W. H. Parmly, of Jersey Oity. The new edifice la eligibly situated near tbe plankrosd, and presents a handsome ex- terior, while it is neatly sad tastefully finished withm. It accommodates at present about 300 persons, and will be enlarged seme time hence by adding a mam front building. The cost or tte edifice as it now stands is about $10,000.The new German Presbyterian church In Newark, N. J., waa dedicate 1 on Sunday la<u with appropriate ser- vices. The entire expense" of building this church has been paid except $400, collections to raise which have been taken up iu various churches. The putor, Rev. Mr. Guenther, will be installed on Wednesday evening.Trinity Methodist Episcopal church, in Cincinnati, was on the 16th inst. dedicated to the worship of God by tie Rev. BtebopSimpson, assisted by oilier clergymuu of the Methodist persuasion.aa the city we are bound for. Canada, adieu !Farther Patrttcmlars of SateThe writer goes on to say that the sentence fa earn-Krom the Newark Advertlssr, Sept 21]The ram of jtassr'sy asasedstbi qoaattty that of any ataaa November. 18.">S. Three laches reached tte , the great* r part of which fell between seven aad o'clock d. U. Half aaiacb mors fell last nlgnt. Tha i northwest wied dsmt sated t t e omasa, aad thebat the amntphw* is decidedly aa- The nole.ee of tbe storm sssms to bare beencenflned to tarn vicinity, so far as we can tear. 1 est*, day engines were aagagsd all dap fa pumping ootl aeais, cellars and cteeras. Tbo unpleasant weatherIbowever, retarded operations, aad booaekeapars,t have been sufferers, oarnestry desire a bright son to*•rive o:i tbe dampaess.Wa have heard of savers! cases of serious damage•arrow escapes. A baker i s t t e opper part ofcity bad bis basement filled aad lost a large imatity of dosv'h, ready for tte oven, besidesJ'hose person you represent, to preserve you firm and onstant to tbe end, to charge for the better these sad and calamitous times, to save you from the power of your enemies, and to grant you and- your See glory and tri- umph even before tbe world, so that the memory of the past evils may be entirely rffa<sed.Prostrate at tbe feet of your Holiness, we subscribeim Newponiebmeat. Wnat must be tbe position of S State that dictates or requins snch s punishment for a man writing some political verses. Let the lash continue to descend. The devil wilt some day get bis own. fie is not going to be always cheated any more than any other creditor.From England, tbe beat—or perhaps I might say t b s worst—news w a continuation of seven or eight days of uutnterrupted rood weather, giving assurance of a boon- til'ui harvest fhereTs no mistake about it. True, a suc- cession of continued bad weather might greatly literfere with b a r v m operations, and thus reduce tee value of tbe crops, but I see no chance whatever that there will be anything like ibat detieieacy which has been looked for, and which has rented aucb aa upward tondea y to Ame- rican railway shures There fa BOWneaprospeot thai the Importation of breadstafSi Into the kingdom another yearIt is tbe intention of the many friends and admirers of barrels of Hoar. Grocers la various places the late Charles RibeyroUes, both native aad foreign, inLondon fa dull. The fasionables bave gone, trades- men look dispirited and idle, and Jenkins and .leam*s er» having a lazy time of it. Tte 77n.« has coire .1 •. 'b an editorial urging tbe adoption of Train's horse ra Iways bcre in London, and there seems a faiot prospect that tbe ever crowded streets of London may by some invoe- tion meet with a little amelioration. I* is th* worst planned, wotst buiit and most irregular city in Cbriatec dom, and no place needa good streets, good vek'Ciesaai good lines of conveyance so bally. Tnere ia now go'^i on tbe erection of several lines of metropolilaa railway, to co by steam locomotives; but these are not enough, ana will only partially relieve the trade A gooi sharo oftbedistaiceoneor these l* to rue underground. It commences at the Padrtington etatioa—t»rea*. Veatern Railwav—at tbe extreme west end of london.and endsunder the wide street known as the New road, to tbe Great Northern Ilallwav etatlon, about tao mlesrortb- weet or the Bank, and from there it will run on arches to a site aear the old Smitha«M market, not far from tbe General Post Office. Another line is to ran from tb» Lon- don Bridge Kailway stations to the Waterloo station— Jouthwesiern Railway—lod across the Tosses oa! a sus- pension bridge to Charing Cross. A branch of th « rtil- w»v will cross the Thames on or near Btackfriars Bridge,a suflerers by t t e destruction of malasaes,oU fas other articles generally stored fa cstfara. t t e raft read from Green street to Chestnut street was completely«ded,aad tte trains ruaaug through it were obliged proceed slowly.Tbe ram continued throughout t t e night. Ia Orange d farther west there was s heavy fall of ram in tbe taraoea. Thia •tewarsfao carried away aculrert on a Central Railroad, near Bowadbrook Soma partiesham this city, who bad been attending tte Third DWtrict 1 faaablleaa Convention at ^omervtlle, aad expected to bomsst eiae e/aleckiwers detained by too disaster,Bio, to erect s splendid monument to his memory. A com- mittce has been formed for tbe purpose, composed of seve- ral of the most disttnguiahed men in the country.Oa Jane 21 the Liberty, a small Portuguese vessel, was wrecked eft tbs island of San Miguel, one of t t e Azores, on her voyage from Brazil to Lisbon, with fifty U J pas- sengers on board, several of whom were lost. A negro tvy, a sailor, and quite young, performed prodigies of bravery, and saved seven persons, amongst them aa in- fant only two days old, which he wrapped in a handker- chief and swam ashore with fa his teeth. Tbe name of the brave tod Is Antonio Jot* Mauricio.at the time, but strange to say BOBS wars sartoosiy almost to toe cars.Ticknor & Fields, Boston.Lucy Crofton, by Mrs. Ollphant.History of tbe Dragon, by G. B. Stacy. MargraveWhite, Richmond, Va•Wheat and Tares, author unknown. Harper &ANSWER OP HI? HOLINESS.To our venerable brethren, Fraucte fairies, Archbishop , of Baltimore: Richard, Biahop of Wheeling; John, Bishop of Richmond; Josue, Bishop of Erie; James, dish op ofPhiladelphia, and Patrlsk, Bishop of Charleston:—V x x B K i n m BBB1HRK5, HSAI.TII AND APOSTOLIC BLK33 i.\G—in our extreme distress we have experienced tbe greatest comfort and joy in reading your letter addressed to us on the 6th of last month. For fa it is evervwhere apparent, venerable brethren, your distinguished faith, affection, love and devotion, to us and this Cnair oi Peter: and everywhere is manifested your intense sorrow, paiu and indignation in regard to the wicked and sacrilegious attempts and impious machinations of those men, who, being hostile and opposed to the Catholic churcb.nad to this Apostolic See especially, and being enemies to ad justice, do not hesitate to invade, usurp, otrerioro* our civil principality, wbich is attached to the same .SJ«, and Is tbe patrimony of Bessed PeUr. and to trample under foot all laws, Divine as well as human.Scrroaii> PotaosEta Caaa—Coroner S^hirmer was calledcP>s yeaierdsy to bold aa inquest at No. 1 Qinton street••»• tae body of Louisa Kau, a saarried woman, who is Tea are a great sat: Tea are eaiy fit to draw teeth fron atamberer. Upon being aroused some minute* attar-MISOKLLANKOr-.Tho trial of Rev. Mr. Cubby, of Jersey City, in whtfechurch there were recently troubles, was concluded on Wednesday evening by the Presoytery of New York, sad It waa unanimoesly decided that the charges bad not been sustained. Several of his ecsueers then resi aed their positions as members ant eiders of the cinircu, and de- maaded their oertificateaasafastourdivine regionin thess "^j'^fj^^rnot that, relying on Divine aid, »a conformity with yourdistinguished piety and epiecopiil z-al, you jrUtomttnothing for the"fearlessdefence of rebgfae, with facre^edvigilance and earnestness, and that you will prudentlyand wisclv pro.ide lor tbe safety of your flock and ex-Highbury, tbe new cattle market, Camden Town. Eeotiab To»n, Hempstead and Edgeware road, te Actoe.Kew, HammersmUb. Richmond and fwlckenbam. T cceede taifaj however, will not be or much use without a ma^ of Ixmdra, unless oae is as'iuatnted with tee M«.:ty. Tbe statement, however, will show that the LondonersteaaaafJasBBBTan l y \ ( a m BBSS ts^Ssajaa ffWVaeaa^kaaaatft •^ewVbea^B^BBu I a^ aaa^r^saaaai^aH 1*•* tahea HI with vomiting and porttag, and, ajlteate *** wa promptly atteaded by sis t a * rapidly, aad dad faa h k * to your right hand.*»»«»sly^yonra,AN EX CUSTOMER »wsrds, bowever, and disioveriog tbe practical j-faa that had been played opou him. Hoy became earaged, aad ptektei.'up a knife, swore he would WH tte peraaa whstbongfa It took many- years after country railways were in fashion to commence the work, and many more will elapse befarc the actual benefits will begta te be of a w h practical useaarthtag,not thfakfag that there waa A man Bemad Caataae Araajo Fsratra died at Bis htm to be the person who played the trie!: upon him, he July a , aged 128 years. rushed s t him aad subbed him fa the neck, breast aadcbarging tte debt on the fatter building.Rigid diiciplinaritns ta the army are often annoyed by tbereligioussealo'Christensoldiers,butgreatseesralsthe 5 par 1S60, fa the fifteeata year of our Paatiscate. PHJ3 P. P. IX.King's army, sod issued s printed procfanation inviting all to join Garibaldi.Oar Parts Correspondence.Pasm, Sept.«, iurGaribaidit Adv nee Upon .Vaplev-Meremeaf* a/ Mama* and Auitrian Ttoopt—Tkt RuMutkm 3pna*iKy-~Pr<)l>ar ItiUta <f Austrian InUrveatim it Hal§*-4&*dt <4 /rower, Russia and Prussia, ate.but tbs City Tamiatst faifci 1 spss tte ssssas aabdomen, Inflicting three fearful wounds. Hayes was Marie * fa JfSpass, of Havana, says:-We are coaveyed to tte Mow York Hospital with all possible desubstance white can be used aa soap, with"To tte illustrious baiber fa tte street of Don Pedro:— donkeys, not from man; and I am sore yon do not knowpose the sophisms, refute the errora, and1 repel tBeat- are at least alive to tbe benedts of railways x cv.es,ucka of thedaemy Finally, as a pledge of all heavenly atriB and a token of the easeWI eaecium wherewith are imbrace you ta the lord, we affectionately impart from our heart the apoetolw Blessing to yourselves, venerable brethren, and to all the clergy and laity entrusted to yourofficev^*SBPaaiewa^^^v^A^**"* »»»*^»w IQJ isiia.fitte t-Kmtaaa vajTea a.t^vl C t f tsy^> *• SBTTOtt O O M s M f tamw•v ^ fJeBTSMistoaltted with tobacco juice, like a bar-when the company began to aaeambie. More- there » bope and eoaadeaoe everyahaia. Exports and day afternoon. As tte owners of vehicles seldom leavethere was- s Hast uflbaaim odor, which was at toft aaid to be ga», hot afterwards admitted to come tote » lower, rising la PKUBJOM pnflh threagh the beading, and when t t e Prince and. patty arrived, at Stem o'clock, this stench had become almost unbeara- te, sad everybody cempmined of it, while some want teao la cassngneaos.imports alike have sot attracted attention. Goods have sot abated fa price. There fa s good demand far flour, rice anS sugars, and price* are slightly advancing. Aboat 50,000 bfdes have gens forward to tte United states dar- ing tbe month st 69 rfak. and 70,000 have gone to Euro- peaa markets. Payments era goad, t t e bank rates going ooatteoally tower, with t t e prospect of a longDarfag the month IS 000 aniatals have been aim much lower number than usual. *them, it forms quite a pleasant feature of the concerts to see .-*o large a number of carriages grasped about, filled with the beauty aad fashion of New York.There are one or two unpleasant features of the con- certs, that they would he greatly improve i by doing away with, vis: babies sod smoking. The farmer do not Improve the musk with their cries, aad tbe latter is ex-sremely annoying te ladles. As the polios have no power to interfere fa the matter, we respectfully draw the at- tention ot the public to tbem, aad we have no doubt theyA weightier and more pressing cause now Impels us to express, In writing, at least, (would that we could do it orally') onr blgb r e v e m c e far your person and your See, and our iatense ssttajrst witnessing the storms which t<• ss tbe sacred bark of blessed Peter. For we know well, Holy Father, tbe wretchedness of the times. We know1 the roam was large and square, sad draped with redORDINA TIONS.Osxr F o r k a n P r i n c e C o r r e s j i o n d e n c s . will be rectified! The following is the programme of yes Bev. Alexander M. Thorsnirn (grandson of Grant Tbor the evils, troubles, distress, dangers, which you havePeople, atck with t t e nnwholesome Tspora, repaired toI'olki—' Kinder Ball''4. Ojiictatop—"Sicilian Vespers"Verdijtafasbava greatly interfered with bosinaas, batnephew of his uncle to shot one eye aad say to the little king, BOB grown large and powerful, I will shut both eyl. and let you march from the Alps to the Adriatic, pro- vided you should consent to a transfer of the island of Sardinia to tbe imperial flag. A very conventeat a. range- meat, no doubt, that would be, and one that would pay the ooaqneror of Solfer ino.Tbe empire of Austria seems to be retrogradiag. Bank- rupt fasnances, bankrupt fa credit, bankrupt ta honor and reputation, the crowned spooney aho sits at the helm seems to be going in a round gallop on the same read so/pertinaciously travelled by bis royal friend at Naples. It cings to V.netia aa to something that gives It a semblance of power, while The province costs far more tban it brings in. Every officious outside adviser steps ta and urges tee llsnaburg to give up the province or sell out. lis powerful creditor, the Rothschild, has tendered die same advioe in his daily bulletin, known aa the London rimes, that Is au vice that is not to be scoffed at. It perbapa means, "Do this,or I dill aot let yon have any more tin." A M.iae pa- per—the Putigotb—gives tbe following ss a part of the material tosses of the empire that Austria pate on to Ve- netia:—Emigration costs the provinces S.OOO.OOOi, a c l takes from Veuetia from a falling otf re production, b,090.000r. f taxis for iliegal abaeaco, 327.0OCI'; capiat put under ae- >,T*A^ su^sh^a/llm i\f sVim jsir •Waa* IndiaMis-' A benevolent society wst organised at Rio, July #, btojkened his taoa Jufa then his eyechsaasdisirsBt by the American residents. upon a yount, nmn>ao£a Thomas Hayes, and be faringThe fate He v. Cortland Van Kensselaer has left to thePresbyterian church iu Burlmeton.city. N. J , a legaejr of$0,000. of which he di-vcte l S3.C00 to be expended ia thepurchase of a parsonage, S2,000 fur the support of tteschool attached to tbe church, and $1,000 towardajte- ^fi'ven at Rome, at St. Peter's, oa the l o w August, fa General Nunziaaute, has resigned bis position in t t e^W»*»onated to $234,287 53. Tbo value of exports, •845,738 67.ia MSjtotesaltesf satrtos fata that port from the 1st of No-•setesjr, 16J6, to tte sad of April of tte prsssat year._ that _- November 1,1W8.list), the camber was 1,230, aad tonnage crease ia vessefa 60, in tonnage 27,758. We ,a CHCRCHSS." • " " "" M Ithe name oi Hardy, wbo Oa tte_ Sof GaribaUt—TU Easier* Quotum—PoUcy of Aopoktn—Financial Condition cf f-ifria Issassssa IFeatter fa sfaglsad frojrem a/ Arte RaUwagt taBtgtand, «Cc. •a fa trade with the United States sadeg off iu that of 3psia. Of the entries spokenand 1856,2*5 were from flpafa i from ."forth America, 116 from 1REV. JOBS Hntsir—AMethodist minister—thus describes his personal babffcvhave endeavored to circumscribe my wants by living fa Pn/rm a plain, self-denying way. baaing used to salami food ofaay kind—except when ta Africa—neither tea nor coffee,for Besrijr forty years; always rising St four o'clock, winfar sad summer; and yet few men have enjoyed betterhealth tban I have been blessed with, and net many inmodern times have preached ofteaer, or used morephysical labor.' LssPte, Sept. 8, is«0,THE BCSH TO TBBM CONTINUING—HOW TH8 SWANS DETORT THMISEI.VE.'*—TUB MUSIC, ETC., ETC.Tbetccasion was taken to inaugnrste sa educationa'down weabieit himself,lite a dwarf ataooontry fair, inatitution. The Secretary of State, D. F. Sarmieato, who The concerts that have atided so much to tho attractions Ta St. Ann's church, Eighteenth street, netr Fifth tag of such a coBveattea ta BaUiatore la December next. tte tyrant—has sent him tff, with his beads, his •iill tte wfclw oteeriBg and doppias ttetrfa afao teperatendeat of Pablic Tastrnetfoa, had preparedof tte Park during tte summer are fast drawfag to aavenue, Rev. Thomas Gsjfaudet, Rector, services to dayline by The late General Conference, aad agaiaat the hold* There are are ta tte ratreoaga of the sovereign—thathis rosaries sad his ducats, te breathe the apbere of Father Flo Nfa». Up to yesterday, it wm be- lieved here in London that there would be at least a show of a battle under the brow of Vesuvius, but now tbeSt teattoguatOsarin.Deign* •new «^P"tinvery keen in that exposed region, and the nightfall comes The Protestant Episcopal Minion church, Clinton Hail, nities and livings, of tbs value of $868,000 The Duchy of Lancaster has forty-eight livings, value $60 600 Ttealong the shores of that beautiful say, byCastellisad Pracida, to tte walls of St. Elmo. Ws most aot, bowever, be too confident. The BOWS that Garibaldi a .'lag floats proudly over the beleaguered city will be a re- lief to his friends eweryateie. Tte movement made by Victor BmanasI lately showed a certain amount of jea- lousy la tte kingly breast; bat tte conqueror said, "No, * stand aside; 1 do everything ta your name, boa I am asS •to be tolled, thrust aside or interfered with " 80 tbe King held bach hia arms. The possession of Naples will oaly commence the war.for sat three days will elapse before Garibaldi will be oa his march far tte Papalof ttesntte attend St. Jaaws' chorea to-worth $86,6x0 The Lord CaanoeUor disposes of 788 ssg prospect li that tte hero will have a triumphal iaa usual: with tte voice at half past tea A. M. aad half- of New York, and is fabled dying swan, their fast notes are their sweetest. It past seven P.M , aad In the sign language at half put , biose, paper, black - possible that they may be continued during the month three P. M. Rev. William Morris, LL. D., w01 preach tah a , from your own city. These all are of the of October, but the chances are very slight, as tho air is the morning, and the Hector ta tee evening.is, virtually, of her Majesty >i Ministers—about 200 digni ties (eaeh m archbishoprics, bishoprics, deaneries, 4 c ) , and aOO livings, of the annual value of $l,77dOSO r t e Prince of Wales has tbe disposal of twenty nine llvlegs,dent and hia Cabinet, aU the chief officers of the SUte,so hastily that It ta dark before tbe termination of the performances, which are of such a character that it is a! most impossible to tear one's self away before the twsst sounds have utterly died out. It has been suggested that, as the end fa drawing so near, consorts be gives twice each week, say on Wednesdays and SaturdaysAstor plane, in charge of the Ray- Robert G. Dickson, will hold Divine service t o d a y at half-past ton A. M. and half past seven P. M.Rev. Mr. Frothtagham will preach at the Hall, north east corner of Broadway and Thirty secood street, this morning and evening, at the usual hoars. Subject far thearchbishope and bishops, the deans sad chapters, have the disposal of 4.000 dignities and living*, of t i e value of $4,4*0,000. There are fa the gift of tee University of Ox ford 482 livings, value SftodteO Cambridge has 307 liv- ings, value $444,000. The nvtag* under private patronage are 7,003, with aa Income of nearly $8,880,000. Tma gives for tho Church fa Eegfand 13.215 dignities aad liv- faga, with a gross income of nearly $17,760,000 Tteclose, and it can safety be said of them that, lika theIt was cordlally approved sad oaly i w n u the lotntality of a charter from Congress to be putportion or the expanse, as they reap large profits by the " of the charter. They are concerts, but otters have refused, and the willing ones are net going to pay for s thing that will matorfall* increase the revenues of the non-paying companies. Let us hope that tbe matter may be amicably arranged, aad oar citizens treated to concerts every Wednesday andundertaken Htm. Urquisa has eadorsed it by already Saturday. In fact, hereafter it should be made a perma- ly west of Sixth avenue, Urban C Brewer, pastor, win* >dtessartfaf?to begta the w'oTkevening—" The Uses of Prayer.'' teen bishops, with 300 dignities and 2.000 livings, pos- sessing an annual income of nearly $4,410 000. f S e total Bm. William Alvin BsjSJett will preach ta tte Brooklyn number, therefore, of dignities aad livings ta tte United Tabernacle,on Fulton avenue, near Hoytstreet, today. Church of England and Ireland ia 16600, realiztnjr an ag- gregate income cf more than $17,000,000, or nearlythem immunity frt.ni uxa*'oo,afiee grant of rignt of way sad fasd stations, sou nine per cat interest on sSomoes will commence at half-past ten A. M. and at half £6,080,000 sterling. These calculations are based oa tbe States. -half milUooa of Spanish dollars. for these countriespast seven P. M.In the Christian chapel, Seventeenth street, immediate-pebUabee values of the various dignities aad llviogs, tteactual value being fa very many cases much greater. Affairs in the last wear the same aspect ofSome thae since an appeal eras made to the Oathr !!cs certainty that ws have seen for the fast six months,of Bueaos Aires and oae of Spain4Itvtidsat IfaraaJ was onboardl a skdi Samba wSra feed fwal ttefftps of war Inten ThfavfaitafP i S T selection—"Anna Bolena"Donizetti StraussCharles 8sribner. The English Cricketers Trip to Canada and the United States in 1856, by Fred. Lillywhite. Kent .v Co., Lon-Morris' Poems, by George P. Morris.Our Musical Friend, No. 84.C. B. Seymour Jfc Co.Preabyteriau church, corner of Frankford rOidandCam bria street, in Pbliftdelphfa, was laid with tho usual cere- monies, in the presence of a huge number or personsThe corner stcne of the New Methodist Protestant church at Bridgeton, N. J., was laid on Thursday last.A new cliu»ch edince in Hudson City, N. J , known asprajeia to the Cod of meiciej, that He may etid tb'ggreat and violent storm, and turn away from His «l">uhurch so many and so great calamities, and grant it newsad more splendid triumphs from day to «Uy. from tuerising to tbe setting oi the sun, and *bat H^ saay ammus ana comfort us in all our tribulation, aad that He mayv o u c h e e to bring back all the enemies or die LnurcaPolice Intelligence.STABBIXU Amtai » MUUIBKRY STSSST—About eleven o'clock yesterday forenoon a subbing affray occurred at tbsliquorstoreofNichofasMurray,No. 76Mulberrystreet, whichwill probably result fatally. AmannamedJohn Hoy, it seems, waa lying asleep in the back part of the store, when some one daubed his facs with lampblack, by way of a joto, aad then retired, without awakiug tnethe Palisade Methodist F t e o p a l churcli, situaiel sade avenue, was dedicated ou Sunday last.on Pali-and of to.s Apostolic tee to the paths of truth, justice « dsalvation. And since you know the direful war wi*ed part of London—Bow, Hackney, Ktngstaud, Islagion,thata person hasdiscoveredia tte islanda natch aad pteeed underthecareofthehousepur,£>a.know bow to torn 'his zeal to good service. characteristic anecdote cf General Jackson —Hera is a1' Cocnrr1 1 -fa Connecticut willss soap, wna pecnltority that It may be used far washingPoltoemaa Kennedy, of tbe Sixth nrecioct, arrested Hoy and cmveyed him before Justice Welsh, wbo commuted him la tte Tombs. The prisoner admitted that he stabbed Hayes, tat said he considered nimself justified, ta oonseCos.v* Tienbe held as follows .—FAIRS —Fairst t eclothes fa salt water, and that Mr. Hit* faAn officer complained ta General Jackson that some soldiers were making a noise ia their teat."What are they doing :'"Tbey are praying now, but have been stagteg," was tte reply.•'And is that s crime • the General demanded.•The articles of war order puniahment for any unusual noise,' was the reply. , ... .Untitled Document"Sod forbid that prayiag should be an unusual noise tamy osesp," <a!d .lacksonTwIth much faeltag, sad advisMtte ofSesr to join tbem.309 SFulton New York 13069A viafater ted s quarrel with one of bis parishionerswww.fultonhistory.comS saw engagedin aaaryxing it. Ws have been told, besides,espartsaeats ta washing which have been madse' with thismiaeral soap have been aattofactory; and finally, that t t e qeence of the joke that had bean played upon liim. The price of thsBubetaaoe win be so moderate ss to pfaeattwithin tte rosea of those of tbs slenderest means. Washall sooa learn in regard to the rjropertles of tbs mineralsoap, since we expect to ace the remit of the analysis bythe above mentioned chemist published to tte world.Tolland county, at Hyde Park in Rockrille. September 26and26Town of Woodbury, September 26 and 27.Windham county, at Brooklyn, September 87 aad 23. Middlesex county, at Middletown, October 3.4 aad 6. New London county, at Norwich. October 3,4 aad 6 Litchfield eoaety, at Litchfield, October 3 aad 4Union fair (Barkhamsted, Colebrook, New Hartford aadTorr ngton),at Httcheocfcvtlle, October 3 aad4.Town of Guilford, October 3.Tolland county horse show, st Rockville, October 3sad 4.injured man ta dangerously woutxied, and, from what the doctor says, there la little nope of bis recovery.Garibaldi is near Naples, or rather wasfastereafag atMendelssohnD-mJseUi Faust uoaiaeiti Boasuiisuccessor to the Rev. J. Carroll Stark.Bev. J- B. Davie, recently pastor of the Freewill Bap-dominion by base fraud or by forse of arms. The slan- der, raillery, contumely, witb which impious men,coun- tenanced by Princes who claim tbe name of Catholic,Harper & Brothers.Uaiversaltet church Bap. E. 0- BrooksJohn Dowitag win preach ta the large tent at tbe of Broadway, Eighth avenue asm Fifty-sighth s t r e e t ^ three P .M. German pre tching at half past four P . M. Preachlng.also, at ha.f past s i s aad seven o'clock,t bo followed by a prayer meeting.om tbe following text, which he prasmmosd aresent ••There is no fool like tte fool*Bard» ' 'Tte Northwest Iadfaaa Oiateiui sf tea 1 MethodistM aThe Rev. Sidney A. Corey will preach at Murray Hill Baptfat church, Thirty ftfth street, between Fifth sad Sixth avenues, at half past ten A. M. sad half pas', seven P.M. Subject ta tte evening, « Absalom, the Progres- sive Young Man."Some of tte railroad companies bare promised to bear a morBtag—"Who fa tte Wise Man?" Subject for tbs Irish branch of the Cfaureh baa two archbishops and thir-Refas Strauss :i. Selection—"Le Pardon de Ploermel".... .MeyerbeerBBV WBBBW ^ ^ Hand this Holy See. Ceate not, la aonjun^tlon witb your On tbe 17tli inst. the corner stone of t>>» new Trinit* clergy and faithful people, to pour out most ferventcnurchthe l l t b day of October aext. - wiilpre- side over Its deliberations.day. Morning service st half past ten o'clock. SermonbytteRector, Rev 6.1.Geer. Eveningserviceat half- duritgthenex*.sessionoftte Baltimore Conference,to aselectpartyoffrleads Thewretched Kingseemedto past seven o'clock. Sermon by the Rev. Wm. Tatfaok, express the stnae of the church ta thia region respecting be pofsemed with the spirit of Macbeth, aad dapoaed to slstant minister. tte asm chapter on slavery incorporated Into tbe discip- "try tte fast;" bat "pale Fear"—tte inflexible master ofot holding a convention of laymen ta gtsuntos, Yathis day Garibaldi hss appelated to dsss st Maples withourselves,Yonr most devoted children,FRANCIS PATRICK KEN'RIOK.Arcbbianopoi Bilnmire. RICH lRD VIS'CE V f WHEL iff,Bishop of Wheeling. JOHN McGILL.Bishop of Richmond. JOSUE M V01NG,Bishop of Erie.JAME? F. WOOD,Bishop of Philadelphia.P. N. LY.VCH.Bishop oi Chariest'>a.^•^Pff-^ a * y •s^ssyaa Thursday,will mocli years.if s a yexceedthe average0. the last fireTbe news has just arrived that tbe eminent Neapclitensix o'clock,Jfoadfewr, which stete that the General srsa st EboM, near Salerno. To day he is most likely fa Nepkf, ss tbs *Izg baa toft that city aad goe» te Capri, si which r-acs the Tbe /lx> id G-fli-An >, of Havana, ceased op July 31,Vaval Intelltgcnue.Tte Usitsd States ffsamsr Crusader, from tbe coast ofsad eras merged fa La Pnam,t t e imports into Venezusfa for the last tares monthsatThomas M. Tryniskiof that city.outh 4thStreetCabs, arrived sad crew ail well.Key West 8thi n t t , for coal.Officers*aa faannouncedby t t eaastesehseof the 