 6-It is theNEW YORK HERALD.On met** of *>• • • * *••» the Finance Com-tioa of the appropriation of |8SS,000 to tke Ceatral cheating transactions with bis fatlowa. f Tkehope of preserving present!ftA•i r ,K.w.coasrsaorMAJSAOABB IW*n i s i e o i D O i i * " KDITOB AND PBOPROTOK-, -J . i_n_ — ~n~i ~n^» Park improvement fund, and were directed to re- consequence if that tile democratic party tfhioh port upon the subject at the next meeting of the la to meet in representation at CharlostonJs asBoard. A report of the Committee on Streets iaflavor of changing the name of Jacob to Leather madness of the black republican leaders) has previous act regarding the consent of parents involve merchants, bankers, manufacturers, is town and hi. country box; o w n . ^ " !and guardians in the case of minors. A subse- mechanics, fanners, sailors, government aad and beak stock, goes to the ^ S tI M W>I"H~I '"" "awe. mUHUd/hm amtummtor tf tke world, » • « * > »•*< Ar. B*T- uow rommum °r i » i c t u « . T B M V M t m a t o B a t i AJ$16,216 65 for adrertiaing for the county govern- ments of party drill. This is going to bring to- I n l PC ment The Board donated 8500 to each of the fol- gether in National Convention, perhaps for thesent of his parent or guardian was not ob- Coat.tained; but this law cannot be construed to We are accustomed to speak somewhat boast- with his family, as la 1574 Master Jasa^o«7A J T D P A D * - " OttlTTS tmimtimmt dog •*m*Kmmk*+f u l l y o f t h e p r o g r e s s o f t h e n i n e t e e n t h c e n t u r y o f L o n d o n , s u f f e r e d d e a t h a t A s a f o r d f a r I history, in the material sciences aad the fine of John Brown—Cooke, Stevens and <rtaer»_-7/>runsufi•«r**<*»*w»IB»BXLT HlB.U), FAMIir BnAAL*,0W* <» MseryandChild'sHospital$1,000. TheStreetCom. ultrapro-slavery meaoftheSouth,aadthosechoosetopronounceuponthequestion;forit• j J o T w D C * taJh^i joyrati XXV.Me.l«is manifest that if such conflict of authority arts. We have steam, electricity, fast printing were only lamer lights, weak men, H o « No.8. extensionisto, andthosewhothinkjthe bethrowninthewayoftherecruitingser- andmanymoreevidencesofthetruthofour now,toshowthehypocrisyandisgratftasitf*j*jGABDBB,or ran OLOTB or uOLD.land, then, we think, have settled the law rela- exact sciences, we frequently overlook some of spirit aad letter. Were the old martyrs •*»THBATRB, MiffA-i MBIC«B AJMOAK,OARDS*. CO.IWiAi, i-uruio twoWALLACE'S THBATBB. Broadway.-: EiuuMi BUM or Box AA* COX.•tames— tants. Business was rapidly improving at Cara- brought together by party drill will recognize cas, and the merchants of the city had evincedcessible as the loftiest summit of the SierraBroadway.-BairssTEiAjr - r u i upaper,, gives an interestingtion of affairs in Venezuela.lic was comparatively tranquil, yet in the eastern host of self-worshippers, who look upon the common sense will alike sustain. Congress is way to fame in any profession or vocation nonization the oheapest thing goiag nowanUyi. provinces the partisans of Monagaa still mustered government as something to be administered entrusted with the enactment of laws govern- was once an exceedingly hard road to travel- And are they net a pretty lot of saints aha. in formidable numbers, and were carrying on a for their own personal and peculiar benefit ing the public service, and the less inter- as full of ruts and holes as some of our New getberr The truth is, that the modern sartrr merciless war against the more peaceable inhabi- The whole country waits to see if the men thus ference there is with its action on the part of York streets, and winding up to a hill as inac- is just the flimsiest humbug aad most urmtbe Niagara, reached this city from Boston lastyesterday > HXRALD, contained all the important potato of the news.In Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a re- eolation iiaBructing the Committee on Foreign Be- latioBs to inquire by what authority the United States naval forces captured the Mexican war steamers near Vera Crux recently. The memorial of the Mew York Chamber of Commerce for anamendment of the act relating to the liabilities of shipowners was presented. Notice was given of a bill providing for the more effectual sup- pression of the slave trade. Senator Davis'at Chicago and Baltimore.Although it is composed almost entirely of[ partisan spoils hunters, in whom, personallyRegard,too,the awful way in which Wen- the republicans were to strike at Washington.at ftmr omUptrresolutions relative to slavery in the Ter-ritories were taken up, and Mr. Chestnut, ofSouth Carolina, made a long speech on the subjectIn the House aresolutionwas adopted calling uponthe President for information respecting the Afri-can slave trade. The report in reply will doubt-leas prove exceedingly interesting, ss, according to tive element is beginning to move, andsent over one wire, the other eight being down and promptly laid it before the country the next morning; but the Globe has no word of the debate of Thursday in Friday's or Satur-the division or employment of a surplus re-. the faith these thirty years, and has made ra- and promised to be on hand when the fighanr venue of the government The issue presented ther a good thing of it; or Fred Douglass, who, commenced. It is very evident why Hyatt, by tbe republican party is, simply, whether the an exile from his native country, is condemned who partook of the entertainment that day trade, currency, industry and revenue of the to be everlastingly petted by the antique dow- with Greeley and Forbes, would cot submit tothe terms of the resolution, it will embrace infor- mation as to where the vessels captured on the African coast by our cruisers were built, where fitted out and by whom, together with the place of residence of the owners, officers and crews of said vessels. The report of the Co- rode Investigating Committee, recommend- ing the arrest of Collector Scheli, of NewYork, for contempt, was taken up. A minority report waa presented, justifying Mr. Hchell ia with' lioiiing from the committee the names of the sab* •cnbers to the New York Hotel Electione&ring fund. After some debate the reports were recom- mitted. Reports of the Judiciary Committee on the President's protesting message were presented. We hare heretofore given the points of the majority report, but in order that our readers may be en" abted to form an intelligent opinion of this question, wo print the report complete to-day in connection with an abstract of thereport of the minority of the committee.The Legislature yesterday transacted a large amount of business. In the Senate, among the bills reported was one to amend the General R til- road Law. The hill amending the act relative to Lifeaad Health Insurance Companies was passed; also the bills obliging Excise Commissioners to repjrt 8o Supervisors, relative to the Borne Railroad bonds, to the Mew York Society for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents, to the State prisons, and to perfect the constitutional amendment abolishing tho property qualification. The Fourteenth street, avenue D, Seventh, Ninth aad Tenth avenue rail-road bills were passed. In the Assembly, the bill to repeal the net to abolish railroad tolls waa passed. The Supply bill was further con- sidered and ordered to a third reading.to prepare itself for enlistment in the fight ofself-preservation against Seward and his fana-tical followers. The elections in Connecticutand Rhode Island demonstrate beyond ques-tion tiie change that has already taken placein the popular sentiment in practical New should think that the Globe might manage to life, has seized upon a portion of theAt the meeting of tho Board of Aldermen to take i tbor as ourselves, depend upon the material legally enlisted in the army, and in no cases, welfare of the community and of the Individual perhaps, more than those relative to minors man. In vain will philosophic abstractionistsailian ship of wax ia thia port was adootei vZ, •favoraentlitthelnalniltt''-*m."bama and Mississippi Mr. Phillips has not is to fellow-dangerous because it is regarded yet, we believe, delivered his "Lesson of the by so many fanatics at the North as the natural Hour"atRichmond,CharlestonorMobile remitof"thephilanthttjpicspiritoftheage. Mr. Garrison does not habitually canvass for-DOINGS OF Oca BASS Ciuorres LIOISLA-Kagineero ft h e FireDepartment.kiwith Messrs. lynch,lowing institutions:—The home for Deaf Motes, theO p t h a l m i c H o s p i t a l t a d t h e U n i o n A i d S o c i e t y . T h eFemale (iuardiaa Society got $2,000, tad the Nur-last time forevermore, the advocates of squat- ter sovereignty and of strict construction, tketransfer the authority thus rested in the Secre-tary of War to say State court which may over aad above all other periods In the world's »»toofkwretis>usopiaions. xa» afaatftBkain the Union, and than possesses a truly na- tional character, the conservative feeling of the whole country looks to it with the hope that in the present emergency it will lay aside all ultra partisanship, and be animated by a broad na- tional spirit in its proceedings. A reaction has begun in the Central and Northern com- mercial States against the revolutionary and destructive mania which has taken hold of the black republican party, and the conserva-ng Post (the laudatory notice of him by that tion which binds it in harmony and power. Be- Mr. Seward, with his seat in the Senate, respondent of that journal, as Kagi, another ournal will be found elsewhere) and by the fore this terrific issue all others disappear. and his dinners of "seventeen courses, with correspondent was proved to be by former philosophers of the Tribune, who recommend There is no question of a protective or a reve- six different kinds of wine;'' or Lovejoy, who evidence. And Greeley himself, according u that two millions of copies of the speech should nue tariff to stimulate trade; of a national bank, will be one day eaten up by tbe truculent the testimony of Forbes, dined with hia it be circulated at once. There is the greatest or a sub-treasury to preventfluctuationsin the Pryor, chiefest of nigger drivers; or Beecher, New York on the day he was setting oat tocuriosity to read the speech, and, as usual, the currency; of tbe clearing out of natural and condemned to preach for five thousand dollars Kansas to teach the revolutionists military tacWashington Globe has kept it back. The New the construction of artificial channels for com- per annum, with as much more for lectures: or tics, and saw him to the railroad station, gaveYork papers printed as much of it as could he merce by government or by individuals, or of Brother Garrison, whov has been a sufferer for him twenty dollars to help him on his journeyEngland; and if the Charleston Convention pursues a moderate course, and nominates a man whose antecedents will command the confidence of the conservative element, it may reasonably be expected that he will carry all of ihe Central and a number of the Northern commercial States.But the men who go to Charleston must remem- ber that that body will occupy the position of the conservative convention o f the Union, morefrom accident than from any act of the party which has called them together. Imbecility, leading to defeat, broke up the old whig party, and the rapid growth of the Enow Nothing or- ganization which succeeded it showed how dis- gusted the people were with both the whig and democratic combinations. The little-mind- edness of the Know Nothing leaders soon re-duced that organization to a nonentity, and the black republican party acquired strength from the folly and dissensions of the democracy more than from any soundness in iU ow.. principles.bate has taken place. Otherwise, it would bemighty Nigger would come, according to the and tells a tale that casts the testimony of tho tics and demagogues are urging them definition of the fathers of tbe Catholic church, Maspn Committee into the shade; and if Robinparty and the statesmen whose broad national views shall sink the partisan and the politician, and whose big heart shall cherish the Union, the country, and the whole country, in its im- pulsesandaffections. Thedemocratic parti-army and the law as regards the enlistment of of industry and of natioaal wealth, and igno-two or throe marked men. They wosld profit holds of the heathen, and exhorted against Ju' by a bloody uevokitioB. but they are unwttliogwhichi t sof Lovejoy. «duction. It is on this mighty fallacy that the thropic spirit of the age." This has at leastThe fraternalnow given t o the petty band of fanatical aboii- tionistB has given the black republican party its death wound, and at this moment tbe wholeembraceleaders havemmmNEW YORK SlftALD, Wt&MF, APfelL Ww.street (the 8wamp) was adopted. In reply to a re-solution o f inqu ry the Comptroller submitted a de-tailed statement, showing the amount paid to citypapers for advertising from January 1, 1859, totiie 1st of March, I860, the total amount being$94,474 64, to which was added the sum of democratic party except the mechanicalmove-them, aad, putting aside their petty local fan- cies, adopt a platform broad as the Union, and place upon it a man who will command the confidence of the conservative feeling BOWBBTAHTW m « n i A BMoawim' Hatt, ATI Broa*- during the corresponding week last year. The re- By such a course, and by none other, can the the Tribune, in which the writer, smarting un- irmj Bua'-fV—i bowaTDAjicaa,au-TuiiaAaasa.BAW». _ _ ^saw s o w n r , BWWWV—•AM«W * » rAJUM-o'iau me OaaAT—WUJW Biranaa.I 4 U D V I AMmMOAJ fOTOT^ Bw^irar-Day And Bnwau J•!•••• Baiao l u a i a — i a — .$300,000.According to the City Inspector's report, thereProduction Against the Black Repabll- < an Fallacies.at the latest editions of martyrs which have been issued from the abolition press. The quartette includes Mr. Frank B. Sanborn, ofKIBl/VB SALOOB. Breadw*T.-Gio. CWBMTTa Bur t f " • « » Stoes. fAncae, B0Eua«ua», ac.-Wario.< A o r n iiMriTDTB.—Bxaiamoa o r P a s s ' s OBIOIICAL r l u m a o o r t w o OOCKTor WAAWI— * f l t n m a n d l r w t | .SQM mtrWL, TV fwoedway -flaw. T o« THUMBs Xa- ttitA»aaw-*l>anwga wd BToaiai,capitulation table gives 2 deaths of diseases of the Charleston nominee be elected by the people. der the results of the Connecticut and RhodeThaddeus Hyatt—the first named saint acountry schoolmaster, the last a dealer indeadlights for sidewalks, and peddler ofphotographs. These philosophers, togetherwith Wendell Phillips, W. H. Seward, Hon.Massa Greeley, W. L. Garrison, Fred Douglass,Dr. Howe, Henry Ward Beecher, Henry C.Wright, Senator Doolittle, Rev. Dr. Cheever,Representatives Blake of Ohio, and Lovejoyof Illinois, and many others, are devoted in their we published some months a g o , and which itWATIOBAL OOKOCWT SALOON, Boitee, i*A*caa. w » J « n a **•HattoaalTheatre.—benes,joints, Ac. 104 of the brain and nerves, 3 of the generative organs, 19 of the heart and blood vessels, 134 of the lungs, throat, Ac., 2 of old age, 70 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 3 stillborn and premature births, 63 of diseases of tho stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 50 of uncertain seat and general fevers, 1 of diseases ofthe urinary organs, and 31 from violent causes. The nativity table gives 321 natives of the United States, 71 of Ireland, 27 of Germany, 7 of Scotland. 10ofEngland,andthebalanceofvariousforeign countries.If this course is adopted at Charleston, the Baltimore Convention will lose all importance, and that of Chicago dwindle to a gathering of windy fanatics. If it should fail to do this, and, proclaiming ultra doctrines, place an extremist on their platform, the conservative sen- timent, already alarmed, will turn its hopes to the Baltimore Convention, andthis body will learn wisdom from the folly of that whichmetatCharleston.Thereisonething, it is evident, that the country will not sanction. No extremist, no pare advocate of the self-island elections, makes public acknowledg- ment of the fact that the black republican party is at war with every great interest in the coun- try, and that merchants, bankers, manufactu- rers, mechanics, shipowners, and all their de- pendent interests, are uniting in the common cause of self-preservation from the destructive fanaticism that threatens to overwhelm them.OKOBBDOWI HALL, «MOreadstreet -b4TTI Hursfftcu nt,ao»o»7»*"cu' »I'|U-«WB, Ac -SAI. it**«i-«.——-ter calls " the naturahdivision of parties,'' and wise they would not be martyrs, even in ex- we confess that he irquite .right. Nothing is pectancy. Sanborn, Hyatt and the two young> « nruu«w .ck — WOOD'S MIJMTHBJJ IN ruaoas,*«.—*«wTtuCUIAfaith for the Almighty Nigger, and are, of course, reprinted in this correspondence, that aohia-•TheNewYork Herald—BMltloa for E a r o p c .oftheStateandtheprosperityofthefamiliesgivingdinnerstothediplomaticcorps,whiletoshirktheresponsibilityofthetreasoaableThe Metropolitan Poliet bill, the act to incorpo-rate the Zoological and Botanical Society in con-Boction with the Central Park, and the bill to as-certain and pay thedamagesforproperty destroyedBt Quarantine, were passed. The New York Tax sans who are about to meet at Charleston in branch of the public service has been, fircjm the sacred principle of our religion, that we levy was ordered too third reading.new dispensation went boldly into the strong-The country, however, is not blind to the enlisting without the consent of their parents for cleaning the streets, fact that they come together merely through and guardians. Our State courts have been re-• — * • Comptroller sad re- the power of the old party drill, rather thanferred. 1#JT^!^to *****tt« *°+ peatedly appealedto to discbarge recruibifrom any unity of sentiment or of impulse. under age, and in two cases, at least, decisions of tho city to the omeors of the Bra- Their party is as bare of national statesmen were rendered in this city, by Judges Hiltonamongitsleadersasisanyoftheothers. There andSutherland,totheeffectthataStatecourtcall upon the wandering savage to establishschools and attend churches; in vain will theypreachtomillions ofstarvingmechanicsthe grimagethroughtheCarolinas,Georgia. Ala- mainbodyofthis "dangerous developement duty of Jove and obedience; ia vain will theycall upon poverty-stricken communities to dis-cardallconsiderationsofmaterialwelfare,andcling only to moral abstractions which sacriflee the material good. Hunger must be satis-fied, nakedness must be clothed, and the physi- II. C. Wright been seta selling his book upon TORS—TBI: J A C O B S I S TM K ASSEMBLY.mayor sent m u»e nomination of Thomas AddisEmmet, for President of the Oroton Water *»rd the/ nomination at Charlestoo, a single man authority to discharge a minor rested solelybat it was rejected by a rote of » toe. Tho l j ! who, as a Senator or representative in Con- with the Secretary of War, under the act of dermen concorred with the Councilman ia adopvis not. among the thirty or forty aspirants for had no jurisdiction ia the matter, bat that theing in hii own State, and to obtain the Presi- dency through bargaining combinational andthat ao person under the age of twenty-oneyears should be enlisted without the consenthi writing of his parent or guardian; but a iages, from which our greatsubsequent law, passed la 1814, authorised tke springs, that leads all interests i s forgot past enlistment of any person within the ages of political divisions, aad to unite hi one commondrinks the best w* piebaldasJoseph'scoat,whilethefanatic eighteenandfifty,repealingtheclauseoftheefforttodefeatablindfanaticismthatwould heUafa.oritewiththefairaexjhsAk IZattained some degree of respectability from the fact that it dwells upon something f>ore broad than the whims of any particular State. Democratic faotion has killed everything lathequent law, enacted in 1850, it Is true, makes it society in one common revolution, ruin aad the duty of the Secretary of War to order the destruction.discharge of any soldier enlisted under twenty-one years of age, upon evidence that the con- Tito L-ateet Modern ImproTen»ent-The H e a e n o r Martyrolesn Belew ActaalGerman, aad i»Uyi a strong gaaw of whi-As for tbe martyr proper, theag. ahoa, avery mean record. Old John Brows7<L ti only real original article of the kind thatjet appeared, aad it probably kkenaniiw!W<<to*x Bdmloaerwas directed to advertise for proposal! with free soil proclivities from the North, thefor building B s e w house for Engine Company tariff partisans and thefreetraders,the southward were permitted, insuperable obstacles would presses, Great Easterns, Atlantic telegraphs, lowed their leader with sealed eye*. AwA letter from our correspondent at Caracas, area of freedom is extending itself as rapidlyvice. assertions. But, with all the attention that we the confessors, they attempt to ignore the a * The decisions of Judges Hilton and Suther- pay to such developement* of progress in the man who ever carried oat their doctriae* .cheat that there is going. He does sot Beta even the animal quality of pluck to atone for his hollow hypocrisy.The John BiAAtounding Revelatlens.conspiracy, and showing that the eveati a Kansas were but preliminary to the raid it Harper's Ferry, both beicg parts of the tta* scheme of bloody revolution concocted tai organized four years ago. It will be sssi from the evidence of Governor Robinsoa be- fore the Mason Committee of the Senate, whichThis union of the great conservative inte- restsagainstthedestructivestheTribunewri-readytogotothegallowsforbissake.Other-sonassertedthatJohnBrownandBeepithdated on the 13th ult, which we publish in to-day'sas is compatible with safety, the Buthanan con-servatives, the Douglas toxuporisers, the Hun-ter exclusive*, the Guthrie time-servers, aad a tive to minors upon grounds which equity and the minor Improvements of the day. Thus the guilty of any such meaaisato! AadUast^T, AuBA KBBWt TBBATBB, Sat BNaiwar.-Oouxaw their confidence in the government by loaning it the greatness of the emergency that is beforeour State courts the better.rite rntoa of Oommerrc, latfnatry Bad walk in the Central Park. For examples, lookaccount o f t h e condi- Although the repub-were 451 deaths in the city during the past week,an increase of 5 as compared with the mortality ofthe week previous, and 73 more than occurred everywhere aroused by the sense of danger. letter from the Washington correspondence of Massachusetts, two young ladies, sad Mr.The cotton market was stead/ yesterday, with sales of TKIPLE SHEET. about ?,0C0 bales, closing on the basis of about 11 Vc forwere the only leaders in Kansas who avowee! revolutionary designs, and that the free State party had no connection with them, and would not Obey them. Now, it appearsfrlJfk* tke cor respondence which w e publish\j6-day, that Robinson himself, who thinks it convenient nott e w Y o r k , T a r i d t f , A p r i l 1 0 , I 8 6 0 .MAILS F O S EUROPE.mon grades of State and Western were rather easier. be elected. Tbe next President must come Among the transactions were purchases made for export. from the States bordering on the central line, Southern flour was firm aad ia good request, while where men know tbe value of the North andthe sales were fair. Wheat was Arm, with the South to each other, and where the con- •onedemandforexportThesalesIncludedall minor divisions when the great question of Hyatt is condemned to durance vile by a crueltheir very existence is brought to the issue, and Senate, quite under the thumb of Cajsar, whoupon their acceptance or rejection of certainimpracticable theories depend the peace site in the gilded salons of the White House,middling upla ads. Flour was more active, though com styled rights of the Sows* or of the North, can more natural than that men should fling away ladies have already been in mortal peril.1,500 bushels Southern white at $1 50, and 22,000 Mil servative feeling is always .strongest and mostTheCunnrdmallsteamshipArabia,CaptainStous,will wauJteeCiubontermsgiveninanothercolumn.Corn active. Withsuchaman,andwithbroadna- whocomposeit. Neverbeforeinttuscountry uponthemyrmidomsofdespotism,whowillIMTC this port to morrow for Liverpool took a decidedly upward turn, aad sold pretty treeiy at tional principles on his banner, the whole The mail? for Europe will slow la this city at half pas aa advance for sound lots. Pork was unchanged; new South, all the Central States, and many of thea.-ee o'clock to morrow morniag. men sold at $17 C8\', and new prime at $14 12}£ aT%aEcvurBAJift>morovTHSHBJULOwillbepublished $142$. Sugarswereinfairdemandandunchangedfrom commercialonesintheNorth,canbecarriedhave we witnessed the present "natural divi-sion" of political parties. Hitherto the mer- not allow him more than one bottle of cham- chants, manufacturers, shipowners, mechanics pagne per diem.at siae o'etook la the morniag Sta^e oopies, IB wrae- Saturday's prices. The transactions footed up about tor the preservation of the constitution and the and farmers have been divided on questions of The case of Sanborn was still more appall- pere, ais. cents 500 a 600 hacs. Cuba muscovados and For L'cion. If such a one is not nominated at policy for the bettor protection and increase of ing. He was arrested in his robe de chambre,SuaeoriawmB and advertiseweaio for s a y edition of Use to Ricoe, and 1M hhds. mehvdo. The prices, Charleston, we shall have seen the last of the our material interests of production, com- (did Nero ever order anything more brutalKaw Toaa HBKALD will be received at the following places with stock, will be found elsewhere. Coflfee was firmly democratic party, and the whole country must merce and manufacture. They have been di- than that?), handcuffed, and generally appears that Robinson sought to bring all the held, while transactions were confined to small lots of St vided on the questions of a high or a low knocked about When the minions of the Northern States into the civil war which vatLow, Son 4 Co , 47 Legate H!!i. Starr * Oa., 74 King William street. Baldwia * CO., 8 piece de la Bourae. aawr Jt Co., No. 9 Cnapei streetatreei, Eastwta A do., 21 rue Ooraeiile.Domingo, Maracaibo, Porto Rico and Laguayra, at rates rally round the Baltimore Convention, and se- tariff, of a national bank or a specie currency, Senate attempted to force the holy man into a about being inaugurated^n Kansas, and thaiBOO.of the EraorwAJf Epmo.f or n o RvWLB tho tame ports.and destructive tendencies of the abolitionised black republican leaders.ot las Bearings a a d Its Keattlta.The Charleston Convention is the first of the Presidential Conventions to meet, and its ac- tion will have « v«ry important influence upon •reniog. Our telegraphic summary, published ia tbe other party conventions which are callededly the leading light of the republican party in the House is Lovejoy, of Illinois, whose speech, delivered in committee on Thursday last, will, when it comes to be laid before the country in full, create as much excitement as the Helper book or Seward's brutal and bloodythe mechanic arts, or simply to confine the ex- ercise of its powers to the protection of the rights of every class and interest in the com- munity.It was reserved for the year 1860, and for the union of the abolition fanatics under Wendellshe would do well to get out of the coach, as )y to stay; and when prowsd for a rBOOBS OJ a bis departure, he told me tnai be saw tne whole oeontrithe horses might run away and she might be was going to be Involved in cir.i war, aad that he wsiThe News.The European mails to the 25th tut, brought bykilled, she replied that "she didn't care if she was." There may be something equal to that in Fox or Butler, but we fail to see i tgoing to the free States to rouse theGovemon and tht people of them to arms, ao that when the army r a i t as us another could strike our enemies elsewhere, if aooes- saxy at Washington.So, according to this extract, it turns out taatWe publish in another column to-day agiven in another place. Freights wore engaged to a fairextent. Among the shipments were 2,000 bbls.flourtoLondon at 2s.; 10,000 bushels wheat to Liverpool, inbalk, at Stfd., aad 6,000 bushels corn, in shippers' bags, menced in the North against the revolutionary the general government or by individual inte- tended her crinoline so as to effectually stop letter of Redpath to Phillips:—at ad. A fair amount of provisions was also engaged torest, and the general issue whether it be-the entrance., while the other feminine saint You. perhaps, remember, just before the sack:of lav- whipped up the horses. When the first saint rtnee b j the border ruffl»os, thai Robinson started t*si I, lor one, couldnotunderstandwaytn anooid wastthe aewa reeetred br mail aad telegraph atdartagtheprerioeaweekand optothehourof Ths Charleston ConventIon-Important elonged to government to intervene directly forLOVKJOY'S SI*KECH AAD TUB SI'EAXEB.—Decid- the promotion of agriculture, commerce and was informed by the brutal officer that to leave at such a time, and urged him stroasisicure from it tbe nomination of a conservative man to lead the reaction that has already com-of the construction of harbors, roads, railways carriage, one of the female saints, inspired by he proceeded thence to the Kast for that pur-and canals, and the clearing out of rivers by a happy thought, stood in the doorway and expose. The following is an extract from theRochestermanifesto.Mr.Lovejoyisthere-PhillipsandWilliamLloydGarrison,andthedellPhillipssuffers,compelled,asheis,togoIsnotibisinaccordancewiththerecommen-| tte c o u n t r j has Utile confidence, yet, as It is presentative man of the black republican party political demagogues under Seward, to present continually about tbe country, delivering the dation of the New York Tribune at thattime,ton the House, as John Brown was at Harper'stbe issue of the destruction or the preservation of same speeches over and over again, for a hun- burn the Capitol? One of the prominent actors that will have full delegations from every State Ferry. Lovejoy is so recognized by the Eveni- every interest in the Union, and of the constitu- dred dollars per night and expenses paid; or in these revolutionary events is Phillips. • cor-the only o n e o f the Presidential conventionsday's impression. This is no new thing, and, country shall be destroyed or not A mania, agers of Exeter Hall; or Henry C. Wright, who an examination, and why Sanborn is recusant, considering that each Congress pays as much like those which have often been seen in the is compelled to retail books which are alleged and why others have fled, in order to avoid as a hundred thousand dollars profit on re- history of mankind, urging whole communities to be of rather questionable character, while giving evidence.porting and printing the debates alone, we to destory the very elements that gavethem preaching the faith that is in him. ^ It was attempted by Robinson to.make Red-get out its report within two days after a de- people of -the Northern States, and fana-This division of the worshippers of the Al-path a scapegoat; but he boldly comes outbetter for the House to trust to the New York on to the work of destruction, just as the under the head of confessors—good men who son dares to persist in his statements, furtherpapers. Robeepierres, the Marats. the Dantons and the gave their whole lives up to the propagation testimony will be brought out which will So far as the new leader of the republican Jacobins urged on tbe French people, in their of tbe faith, but did not achieve the full startle the whole community. Redpath. likeparty is concerned, there seems to be no half moment of delirium, to destroy society in pur- glories of martyrdom. Of course they Forbes, when badly treated, turns what is call-way business. He endorses the Helper book suit of their abstract and moral ideas. It is a stood ready to go cheerfully to the testfullyandexplicitly. Heisoneofthesixty •'naturaldivisionofparties"thatthemer- edintheOldCountry"approver,*"andhereof fire, sword and faggot; to suffer as "State's evidence." H e is naturally indignant chants, tbe bankers, the manufacturers, the did Saint Andrew, Saint Peter, and Saint at the hypocrisy and dissimulation of leaden resolution. He.openly proclaims himself to be mechanics, and all other great conservative Stephen; to be slain as were the early Christians, who encouraged John Brown, but now shrinkan insurrectionist, a nigger-stealer and atraitor interests, should unite against the destructive some with the sword, some burned with fire. from the consequences. Redpath. like Forbes,in intention. All this is declared openly on fanatics in the issue of self preservation which some scourged with whips, or stabbed withthefloorof the House, and it is accepted as the is forced upon them. comes from England, an emissary from theforks; some crucified or hanged; some flayedBritish Anti-Slavery Society, and he is dkfftit- The Tribune''s Washington philosopher tells alive ; many of them suffered and survived the ed with the cowardice and poltroonery of licans are beginning to show their hands in us that "all these influences are gross, material, most horrible tortures, and accounted it great those who, when the projected revolutioagood earnest, and it is high time that the con- sensual, devilish," and that "not one spark of glory so to do. We fear that the same faith failed, backed out and threw the whole bias*members who voted for Blake's Garrisoniantrue doctrine of the party by the abolition members and their presses. Tbe black repub-servative men of the country were aroused to generous sentiment, not a glimmer of lofty con- ihe dangers that menace it from the mad fanati- viction, not a suggestion that favors the hopecism of such men as Lovejoy and his compa-triota The real objects of the party are fo^o- penetrated the dense and leaden sphere'' of the contented to remain in the ranks of the con- latest, and, as tbe fSouth will soon learn, theof bettering the condition of humanity, evershadowed very clearly in such speeches as that influences of commerce, manufactures and pro- fessors. most dangerous developement of the philan-black republican fanatics and demagogues As for the martyrs proper, the new religion the merit of manliness and candor, and con- THIS LA W GOVBUNINO THK RECRUITING Sla- ground their attack against the material inte- makes a very poor show. la the old times trasts favorably with the sneaking course of vics.—We publish in another column a veirf rests or society. And never was a fallacy more enthusiastic Christians rather courted and em- those who are^eqiAhlly implicated in the conspi-interesting communication with reference to transparent. The developement of human braced death for the sake of their religion. In racy, but direct suspicion away from them country is looking anxiously around for the the recruiting service of the United States knowledge is inseparable from the progress the early days of the church, preachers of the selves by throw ing the odium exclusively uponminors. This is a very important question,and the jurisdiction of the courts in reference upon their decay. Our schools, our colleges, toitshouldbedistinctlyunderstood. Thai ourchurches,andtheacceptancebymenofto accept the, consequences of faflare. Accord Theirmissionwastothesinners,nottothose IngtoRedpath.however,thereistebeaaother who had already been brought to a sense of attempt, and the South will find oat something It has not yet discovered. Forewarned is fore- and coveted the torture. And ao on down armed, and the federal authorities, sad theto the seventeenth century, Catholics and State authorities of the South, ou#ht to be on Protestants both, all over Europe, went the watch against fttrther iavasioa JohnlogaresolutionforajointcommitteetoInvestigate gress,darestotake,onanygreatnational Congress.Thisopinionisfortifiedbythoseof calneedsofmanmustbesuppliedbeforehe marriageinthestreetsofMemphis;probably Nothing canbe moreshamelessthanthe the affair* of the Board of Almshouse Governors. W ? < » . the position of a statesman, and Attorney Generals Crittenden aad dishing, and will or can comprehend the niceties of distinc- when Mr. Hyatt goto ont of jail, and if tbe city manner in which tbe republican majority wThe Board of Supervisors met yesterday, bu 1 BObusiness of general importance,convention do not occupy that position; but they are the first to meet, and it rests with themtimetotime, subjected to much difficulty with regard to what manner of persons can beshould return good for evil, and love our neigh-their errors. So they almost courted death,rance and moral darkness are ever attendant»**** *nd act in opposition to any ia clearly the right view of the question. The tion between right and wrong; and, ia a word, is healthy, he may be found on the Levee at the Legislature are carrying out their purpose ow^S^**b*rr**ionofthepublicmindinhis recruitingserviceisestablishedunderalawof thebodymustbecaredforbeforethemindof NewOrleans,sellingtheJohnBrownphoto- ofraisingfur.dsfortheensuingP*^TM Congress; it is entirely a matter of federal ju- any man can be brought to dwell upon the in- graphs and tbe Helper book, but we doubt it. campaign. W ot oitiy are the most valuable ofThe Board of Cosmcilmen met last»largenumberofreportsrelativetoroutine matters were preBtatad aad mid over foraction at the next meeting. A special committee SS:!S^!!r:**•»« *•«<*• *puhe. risdiction, and if our State courts wees per-was apjsBMwd to extend the hospitalities of tho or tao people toaaalalii htoaoa lawaw !*«*• mitted to discharge o a habeas corpus, or by city to the officers of tbe Brazilian corvette Donna mm 0 any other process, persons enlisted in the sea-.The Board coBsarred with the Alder- cletadnse,naahdaveac-»h one•i--*z 7* "JTM** P*rty Untitled Document•^totaelwfai of politi- vice, endless conftisioa would be the result. t confirming the election of John Boo as position by catering tcMheterests of the soul. the city franchises and privileges disposed of The fact is, the modern martyrs and confes-Tke^bllnd fanaticism of the black republican sors are quite different from the old school, and to speculators, without the slightest controlover (hem being reserved to the city snthorities, but even measures of long Ojeaaandsd improvetoprooorvehis of local fcol-Thom309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comedas M. Tcrynistcommerce, industry and prodactioaNevada. Now it is as smooth aad easy as aSaint Thaddeus depends for his subsistenceenterprise, was himself one of the most ultra of therevolutionary leaders, outstriptiar in atrocity even John Brown himself. Not only did he endorse him by certificates and aa si- dress " to the settlers o f Kansas," but he "cold- ly proposed to him to assassinate all the letdiag' federal officeholders in Kansas." It fartherdoes not inspire the confessors of faith in theAlmighty Nigger.Sanborn, Hyatt, Phillips & Co. would shirk the horrors of martyrdom, proper, and be quiteon those whom they incited to insurrecaon. Redpath aptly describes "tbe Joha BrownWe much fearthat Seward,piter and all Olympus in their own temples.mmm^^^mmmmBrowns assault was only the bead oi"the at have yet to hear of Mr. Seward on a pil- tacking column of the advance guard. Ibecheerfully to death for the faith. Wethe Liberator ia Vicksburg or Natchez, nor hasElsewhere in our columns to-day will fc* found a correspondence of the moat atartiiag and interesting character, implicating the leal era of the republican party in the John Bronrepublicans as the aggressive aboUtioaists, the Tke law of Coogreaa, passed in 1813. enamong tbe worshippers of the Almighty Nigger the number of confessors, as compared withaparty Is, in reality, opposed to "the hope ofbettering the condition of hniaauJry » when K rangesitselfiaoppositiontota*latAi-aat.<* ihamilntmrfn. t-4--•»-*v—_u 