 IpresentBsACTUB OP 01^ Mail Sxsvice.— The mslls bycut off ;know whether Mr. Spencer St the Tomhs before I went or,ttLUSTRATIONSTHB HATIONAI.BO ana >nteteat,or tifu __^^_i*fTtglIaBea beard (be bastUETTBK raOM MR. GEORGEfecta of When they hadNerOi.' A Sonthsra manof his aodhots, imagined that his speech was seditious, andaww the communication,The jury in As eaae ofhmhis production, who duU forth inCootmlitee," and. in of the proposal, oftheelectionofaSouthernDemocrattothePresi- theUnguageVery respectfollr your obedleat servant. HENRY H. GUMMING.SiiMtMee may it is^rodoctiTe tuiewffl prohibit hibited it becomesateatWhybe obtained without a party is raised under a new be only a pause, a mere postix>aement of the evIL son to believe, and verily did believe, that said grades" an Anglo-AmerieaD so low(hat ofleoee, banactlkaiireceived"holalthe suipected AboUltoiilst" The younj maatattbe Balder oC.I*«, and according to the modem again,ending to deprive them of (heir slane. I si^ a auderof tha.aakaowa far aaa,ujdi i^ii hb but ha sees that duty,j an'«|Uutmanythe plain dictates of morality, and ofthat OALS In their presence and In that of many others,bteattof manplace, it must be obvi-wayto Shay ran towardsin theooa, or directly and spparently repugnant.tnhtjhere should be a con- perpetual;n^xtthe opiniontest between theWorth and the South, so long as; brother retreated to tbeMbfKfc of legislation. It is found not to work well, Mdkxefalatedorprohibitedtionlst, and he answered in the negative. Mr. Naiiv, ofthe VigilantCommittee,"denlelhisconnectionmy broUm'taisad ton;Miifliiii IIIanyassociation,any other occa-ple*and moretoo.when the eloquence of an EvERtTi has set forthas to, his opinions on ths wound two or three times they oughtSlavery. Take the case of murder, for instancepollaa to be at once abhorrent to our nature, and willthan those of the Northern States of our Union—thatafter the egregious folly he had manifested at and as Frenchmen alone would have to suffer for the my brother tbere also, aad aflerwaids to &•to him and maintain him, as well in in- This ptotactis sufficient cause for the apprehension offrom sMtemenU made to me Mr. CaAsroAii, byaae he must be in a state of fo society,happy prosperous. Schools, religiontbe extra-judicial conduct of Mr. Oliw, who is a na- nal improvementa are progressing. The great majorityiepctsoaarIt was not very bloody, and apoeaiedtshavak;.JfsephJ. Bull, U.D., restdantsaxgeiaofthaBaB^The of this domestic institution is in law try,spokenThey up surroundingof thegood, and has no evil in it, and the conclusion isiiieaistible that it is not sinful.ofpurpose should fail, all would be ruined, and the surface of the would exhibit at once the; wn "plan," were also two alight wounds which ndgbt bnabaiBThaixegnlar workingissystem essentiallypatriotic;Into for- It was large enough to admit a oae-lncli probejectioDable,over the slave, and in the bands of a bad mantemple had passed'^??WMI-' .4 •.i^'VHanw^!^ i'*^ •""r*'' ^"^vr. ^^^?-^.^^"P'^-'3*^,_^;, ^;' ^k, «-i!:^W*W!PiOPPDBUC OPINION.deeliuilUmodactH* whole oomtfir la »aeMM of< TheyharaintbAtbe coleted Be* have Mt the bllghUng ef-arowlac fateaslf tharas talking to • pMWaeaoas orowd ta flte,lettaUtl»e,ja*'M«Sa"^^^^*'*'***' ipnt*,aadBsCHI9I8.WOOD.frae. Accord-ats «{ dismlon.antsaystbatl_^If it isTen- nessee, no one can certainly foreknow. Their youngobject was to be anything more than vlgUant Ihaveomittedtosay,that,uix>nhiscross-examina- tion, the witness, Hi;aui8, at the Instance of Ckab-myintroduce the "property qualification,'' that act knife in his handiviona,andexperienceisrequiredtodemon- aninchofgroundisdevotedtoSlavery. This not Wcreates a body of disaffected dtizeas, who. as one of hlthlm on; tbebackofUsbeadwRh tte'tattrS'atiata its evU consequences, it then belongs toannouncement of their opinion indicates their wish innoequivocalterms. Underthecircumstancesit indicates that the wish is father to the sort;say brotbar lan nalsMs Xtmi—ttai^^dasaof offences it then becomes thepreaeatedcoma to the NotWlMV set'dlUoB, Iben an thasa rackla*^ CoDDlttees as I dsMaariP, MM Bias eaeiId awer for wltboal OtHe^^mi IkHrMr. CaAsaaia.But I ban said eaoagh to satisfy your eortosttyingly,freed the sUve they considered their workmade, as maay of then twUe*^ for tha In. pnpoieaf.AboUttWHatecthtt.fhieoeiDfthe election at thedone, and he was left without support nave lately seen a pamphlet issued byin theeffect of fcuch a threat by Northern States in the event crowd 10 send for some member of the Vigilant quite enoogh to yoor pattI last addrwaed toaletterdliwnttag&omBome man,who,asfarasfcanjudgebya coloreuexhaust eacetoo;Istrongwaa written in__5_»pitit of frankneaa and nncerit;, parti^uUrs. He is making ".««?",, f„,<'''t*f.,? sand"«* "Wch, tkoii(fa anosTmoua, U inteUlgent and reputable,of mr remarks terns the wants of the coloredrace m these dency. Of the three or four hundred thousand South- to Khom this <vas made counseled a differ- proposalSome persons think it is the bane of Bepubllcs, mediately.conveyed, in Mr. posElto"Tioisthim,"as or relief, lmm reversing posttions, and rellsctlng wliat would be the teatlmaay, proposed to another young "thefactsofMr.Caajraaus touchlBf case,andI{ear<fie ygp-gatk tf!tm0, g^wrg^ttg^ JcteMncp %aS'DtolOTOivvthe mwiidailiisbeenlet kiafffcrdlsm- addisaster, VnnavafasBWiBt otttaot It •ottew n>-•fdWr.WDdDct iMuteiernalastsuohabaHef Is, tkat Uls enlsrtainad by_ ttoykv'e Uvea, and mosl have stnmf ad-waaetwy__banoom of bU hotel ,w1>«b Mr. icas Nbslt, onecan oaly judge (be probable effeot of such threats by (nasiatsofsomeexclttment, sccordlDg to his obtiern Opposition voters, there are probably not a thou- tractoflandinLiberia,andtodivideitintoimaU who,undertheInfluenceofsuchaIhremt,would duecontseoflaw. Thissu^srstionprevailedandfor the establishment of farms, to pro- not vote for a Southern Deaaodrat, notwUhataDdlng certain ofBcets of the citv, on the comolalnt of Nislt, TIHGUISHINO 8LATCET.which mdaeat ma to make a reply.Uft^ltf (hall be as brief aa poaatble, that I mar motragiicullural industry among the colored peo- their bitter repugnance to the pontics of the Democ- made the arrest, and. aa Is not unusual with us. com- Tttk*Kdit»rtflk* Iftw-Tork Timet:portions,not V7 pkjaical strength. The writer sets oat ple of the North. I do not speak of the pirsaacinicaar- racy. Judging that such ttareats will have similar rforUeiead the offender tIoIjaitJhetrUle hwoecroeold be"b^a^nillliMMMtasidM'wfakh his become so gen-of showing that the Abo- after thry have freed them and injured the South,.^.H^.i .»i.i»« „.K.. ,i.„ M..> .k- D K.IraUonal opinion other than that the RepabUeaa PartyUon. Re ofTen a plan wUeh those byUrfVe qfbh of the Gospel. If the latter was i^ la. Mmewhat singular that Slaverymoat certain to be a Northern for the man,mK.Ihaa »»«n«^ ferlMU yean eld, aad Umt; liJ^B^ TUslsthcseooadtiUlwlttea tovdays, (rant aCrowB, has much to its llgaiedthe Oos-that aiBTery is a sin in itselt; may opinionThese are all the material circumstances connectedShay, tbe prisoner, isg| JtM>.,«et aside and repudiated by L la not ao.»dividenmark. Civilians sometimes those versed intility gument forD.^ amongthoiewhofollowedthe officers frrom tie puo-Partyor impracticabihty of the plan, but it effect on Northern men, there Is Uttle room for any magistrate." any over the slgnsiare of RaMgh," attraotet my attsa-woetksadiMbaigadwttaM ft^biet^Sithepurposeand theed the officers, (where, by the way.Ino assistaace was I say. Is If th*-m^^flKttHl'tsjlM a (in in ItaeU; and is repug- litioniits have no real practical regard for the race, will elect Its candidate. That candidate, too. Is al- where the arrest was made, and If Uiey there assist- States who desire It may be rid of their ilaves. The Tbe caaeof Mortimer Shay, laiMnlwt fartheir is to indulge in object onlyvery pur- pose of avoiding the Imputation of having beaa de-—andwhich Is the true quality of fanaticism.laanymalignity,spirit, as ia usual in this countir, has been invoked in its cause. There is a duTerence ofabout the effects of excitement. psrtyneeded,) they did not appear than that of mere followers.ThU fundamental error oadeiiles the wbotepUa,PoIbU,ob Nov. a, was 18M,Cettalaly notany general consultation amongfail the Slave States.The probable result of such consultation would be to every wiuess examined in the case.show in the course ot events, that If it be a treat good, we are in a fair way to have opiwsed to disunion that their earnest remonstrsooesof U not any part It,into two kinds, malum mmmlum ankiUtum. The latter kind of offence is that it gives life and spirit to Republican Govern- wait for what they call an evtrt act. Kentucky, Tea- As stated In the Trilnme, the warrant upon which Son(bemer by birth and education, and probably am was last week eeatletwlia As flHfd dagrae of ^^ not^bvftiasatonce,andislawfuluntilprohibited. ments,sndkeepsawatchontheirtrueInterests. nessee,Maiylandai^dDelawarewouldbesofirmly CEAKQA1.Swatshebraofufisdhatvitbefoo(rtehetheMaymaogrUtorfatAeusg,uswtas. quiteaswell"acqualatedvrilhtherealheartoftbe slaughtsr,aadioriiHilliItifcwM"A"Trartokespecially deeplyhistory; others, opinion, supposeescapeddisadvaataga,ttewUAWm.Jmimasof evU, and therefore the Lcgisls- enough of it. There is hardly a public object to might induce the others to pause. It would, however, that of witnf sees to show how and why he had rea- broad principle that to have ever seea a slave " de- Mr.H. I^CUMM-aadit bylaw,andwhenthuspro- unlawful. But man as a moralname. Men of mediocre talents, by becoming the If the President li RepublicanlateUectaalty to admhiis- Jamcs CaA^0ALI had attempted to incite a re- that he is not to form an and sofor tbe defeaoa.ACIer4ahas bnplasted in his breast a moral sense, and from small men, they swell to a vast magni-leaders ofK.party, becume objectsofam iaformed, been ex- a of character and plained. Wbfrn upon this affidavit he was brought be-notoriety,J. Btadbary, T. H.Bail.ceased. Slavery is not to ho extended, and there Influential men who have convinced themselvesis no danger now of its extension in any Territory. disunion would greatly promote the interests of theirand all, with the exception perhaps of Mr. NisLx,groes can hold among us,themselves, brother west to Crowa's t" my g ucei ; stuia tcompelled has not as far as I ter the Govemmeat, as he probably will, without the volt," yetcompetent opinlsn,low morally (he actually Intimates as much) that hisgeatlemea wsi* lowing ~In order to constitute the sinfulBatni^ or character of the. act, the following there is no danger of its extension to AgriculturalelHMita are essential: In the first place, pursuits. A mere temporary party established for for twenty or thirty years. They will take good care that he imderstood threats had been mule against know and be made (o keep thalr places." Is (Us (lu beeon&Bit Bioat be repugnant to the dictates of coudnee, or to the moral law implanted in theandof that end examination, and Stated, as his reason for doing so,Is ef an Inferior aad a " crowd in the sueetTtkomas Smith asked blsa ' WMtmy brother MBHedA-^to''yesinfiil.has becomea purpose, should cease when that pur- the sections shall be left to temporari that the difficulty betweenpose is once satisfied. Not so with the Republi- no soluUon. They will provoke In every have peaceablePublic opinionwell-established, andThey have been Industriouslyperae-the negro shipguardian-States.verlngly workingfor theaccomplishmentrace," must be exercised over them; "theymust thecrowdwas(Herefor;himself,to be going on,from time to lime tional division between the North and the South, sufficient Influence to restrain them. There may be too, wh"en asked whether be bad acted at the instance true when applied to the negro. The Southern peo- head with his handThis class of cases is byhim la tbe obeek onder CMare satisfied. If "Raleigh," or any of his "thou- tended arotmd and onder tbe aoee ; ay Thus the spirit of fanaticism is to be blended tering these threats, but those who are in earnest will Of course, upon such evidence the accused was sands " of timid friends, who were "deterred" from Into the middle of the streetty lltlitol'u*far ttHcnOBt common, and shows that man must patty.tingIsAaya;urefitfavoidingevilandchoosingthegood. Ittheworstdaysofthatfanaticalbigot,Phillip toSouthernhonor,andtopreventthewhole theprosecutorsofpersonawhohave,bytheirown settlingaboynamedKirby ran betaeijat_with our own wanta and tried to keep the prisooer backand that he isthe inferior animals, in whom intellect does not sections of North and South and to light up thesands," we would be Immensely grieved, out at the "the left templea Made five inefaes long, was here prodtmed aadnsaH-' fied by witness ;] tbe prisooer then tnraed 'rn^sTOregulatehis conduct;;predoounato.This view of the subject will serve to guide usin detormicing the question of the sinful nature ofInfernal,divide the into countrywith costs, or direct the costs to be the paid bysame time would not change them. I suppose Ra-no benHsked by moral reprobation in every sound party cr>\ danger; that cry is the shibboleth ofarraythe other will be sure to do the same. Every empiojment; Isadsoaieeftsrateak—repeatedlyof the Fatherof his shouldan Interview with my father, he sent pull on that If and that too at no distant day. The only solution of requested me,thought, and in this case it is the wish to perpetuate a secfightgreat;tlie prisoner then attempted toopen'and was so understood by the subordinates of thegasconade and the hope of Influencing the elecUoB athave looked carefully Into this subject and theyopenedtbeknifeandaodsaeatit prisoner "bysary or folly, given reasonable grounds forthink hard of us because we formed our State Institu-shows (hat his intellect is thepredominant feature the Second of Spain. We could hardly believe South from falling into contempt imprudence f jr their arrest, may not sufferter "torch ofwar,in glowing colors the farewell opuiionly, knowing,subject, that they don't rise up in their majestyay theprlsonnran,andI called Marder';pupilage. and haveare we better prepiared to give any Idformation as towas Immaterial r^-' ;-^^in a voice ot thunder. purpose are the beacon fires which have lightedcently adopted by the Legislature of Tennessee. Resolved, That in the opinion of this General As- sembly, all the evils growing outof the intense Slave-good and useful, and, when the reciprocal rights the amidst the patriotic spiritus.and dotiea of the master and the slave are properly gloom. The same party who have cried no ry agitationall the alienation and bitter discord,to-day readyof beneficial results. Hare, then, we have a domestic institution whosepeifonned,it is.productiveand South, aie the legitimate fruit, not anythese Union meetings, and say they liave been and " conflict*' between tree andbeoc^ita. In what does the sin of Slavery consist ?on by an inordinate greed of official power and plund-facts cornected with Mr. CaANOLz's recent troubles inthis but I deem it eii>edient to mention some place,none, the cotmterptrt of St. Domingo by the Duchess "was brought into the Hospitalbe wu iBSsadUa I j,discortl and civiltaotber ran aOsr tha. to him near tbe ead of the Itto- he pulled the tall of prlsoaet^ ooat aadtCountry prevail,subject. the horrors of civil'*two or three more Sherlock told sitaoaer laespecially,;tion between the master and the servant. The and lofty spirits are goaded on from day to day, To there is but one and that diately, and appeared soon after in New-York, aa theRaleighagainthe above direct evtdeaee.,Jasnet Learf, a UUla bor, also brother of tha4Conner has power to control his actions, and to re- ceive the profits of his industry. On the otherand year to year by contumelies and reproaches,and their wives and daughters are to the exposedmost incendiary documents and their servants are led to disobedience and contempt for their masters.easy,responsiblehand, he has certain duties to perform:he is boundLXT, who are bis compatriots, I know nothing, ex-fate of Sodom will befall " the modem Athens," be- (hat before deceased struck BrnUb, (bs latta cause New-Orleans allows the "existence" of him a liar, snd olber insnltiiig names.hutted now growing and extending between North danger, have endeavored to decry the purpose of of neces-Constitution,spirit-produced by done by a knife done Itmightsary Irrepressibleactuated by the sordid spirit of gain. The deep slave labor, but of a conflict between rival aspirantsY'ours, respectfully,JAS.B. GUMMING. Browns. They cannot be cajoled into making a "attended thosemeetings;has shown aenthusiasm. It is true that if tneir ercountryblighting effects of the lepers. And I have yet tomagnitude of me Impending dangers to its existence. There are few men of intelligence, not actively andway.glancing; heracovendbtoes^But it is said that this domestic institution, in learn that a highly-spirited and patriotic peoplesome of its qualities and incidents, is liighly ob- may not prevent such destruction of their interests, prominently engagedhehis countrymen, Me.ssrs. Gbat & Tckliv, nor of his out a Constitution to govern the Infant Colony, nicely he fell Into a state of coma, and convulsions oceurcea1in party politics, who will not rest 1 kn^m nothing of his business relations with of the New-England Coloales, that Lord Baoo.v wrote few questionslingered from the 23d (o tbeSra:powerit is They might as well taunt the American people of ImportaLt projjositionenunciated in this resolution. Olin. 1 saw- Mr. Cbasoals for the first time in the adjusted, accordingjwlltlcal ideas,gov- ation 1 found the wound on tbe ;lively spirita conflict that can only be repressed by a power-ful and successful effort of the friends of the Union to other details. Allow me to clear a space for myof SuTHXBLAKD. They cannot be led by Raleigh's"fotmd a wonnd Inthe left tesmosal rWToa puncturedthe Revolution, for resisting on principle the bur- It has been the strife of politicians for the PresiJency,passed through ;sqoa^aasliable to be almsed. We may admit all this forthe purposes o^ this argument, and all the objec- present perilous condition. They have succeeded, by cers, at the instance of some member or members ofdens which were laid upon them by the mother and that alone, which has brought the nation Into ItsBlodoxt,) he had been carried, by certain police offi-and It Is very doubtful whether their older men would haveformed ANDEisr that CaAiroALt was an AboU- by G/Arthe followedhimaboattwofeat prisonerofthatquently refuse to vole.error tosuppose doorand while oolngso my taotber bit Mai<iaa ••their very proper dili-of character, and that intellect must be exerted that in these days, and in this country, men No satisfactory or reliable view can be had of the gence, the Penal Code of (Jeorgla (see CobD's Digest, wishes than those of"Raleigh"and his "thou- he (henjumpedafter broOar myl^sin order tonot leit to the guidance of his instincts mainly, like for a socould be found of such or extravagant ambition,disunion as asection lOj has providedmay happenIt Is athat the rules by which we judge a white man holdon that orlelytM Ua intellectual faculties in a great meas- with the spirit of party, and will be paralleled only hold them bound thereby, and urge action as aeces- discharged from the complaint. But, In order that In the South by the " existence of Slavery," f;ooltlowed, and wben neariy ap te aywith the North, with some of those who have joined in ut- sion.suchIn allsuch wild fanaticism, as to establish a party The election of the Democratic candidate even "the Justices of the Peace mav discharge the partypurposeprose-cutor." In the exercise of this discretion, which leigh thinks the French people servecrisisaithouttakingproximate danger. page 644,that,cases,[tbe knife, a blaok-haadlad dlik. wMk. very bad- run away, after ttyiag to poll (be ktffs oat ad 'ttswould be but a postponement, not a permanent remo^val of that danger. A protracted sectional strife,^ the law gave them, the Justices, on the non pay- whilst one of the parties Is principally under the guld-' ment of the costs by Mr. Csahoali, committed" himhlffl to jail. The next evening, Mr. Csasoaliance of dlsunlouists.muat have disunion for Its result, havingprisoner, slon School fell ; Sherlock andthe difficulty would be found in the voluntary dis-it Itab obviously repugnant to our moral instincts war would inevitably rage, and blaze from one end banding of both the Democratic and Republican par- cost, and have Mr. Chaholz dlscbarged. This I did. ought to consult their own tastes and wanta other kept on ruiming till Sherlock tbreatsaad to 'such a partyof the country to the other. I am aware that that tiessome time with tiis regiment in Utah,) to pay the French have no better sense than to suppose that they after blmihe then stopped; Sbedocikfoak Kta;hi this place. I frankly told him thatiarotmd to the station-hoasetaking place.In attempting a remedy we must first find out the ceptiThe seat and cause of the pre-to an fiiferior order of the race, and, to be of any along the horizon. Union meetings have arisen all sent disease of our national body politic caimot be rudeness and histilt by the subordinate City officers, ing this "existence," the people of the South are pttal after he became oneonscioas. Heawaseisias »>•fiimity as In health. The slave generally belongs danger, but a brighter ray of hope has streamedcause of the disease.knowthatnotwithstand-of prisoner, aad ef the taking of riacsaseil to thai—standto fulfill all the:luiipOMi ia lawfnl, and is productive of practical and enthusiastic voice of the audience who have in the race of ambition, North and South, urged P. S.—My son has correctly stated the material cotmtry, pronoimeed by Raleigh" to be second to York Hospital, examined Utalkarouse the to a conviction of the reality and [>eoplestatement, by removing some of the confused and Ir-saking an Institution sanctioned by experience and Inflicted a knife " by—that the master has too much without being taunted with a sordid spirit of gain. readily yield their assent to the perfect truth of the alleged Interviews with Officer Foan and Justice to hisfor the shortly before his death;Imade tipost'mevtem azssita-country. "We liere see the causes which have induced us their arts and management, in playing upon that hu- a Vigilant Committee." He seemed much alarmed,one of the membranes covering the brain, called tbe arachnoid, extending over nearly tbe whole of tta left hemisphere of the brain, there was a clot of t about 2)1 oimces in quantityshould be absolutely perfect it could not succeed in allThe question stillis established is good and useful, does the objec- Norlhern sections of the country. Yes, if there two-thirds of the nation into one or the other of their thing which impressed me very favorably as to his gro Is inferior to the white man,tkms that are raised against it.recnra, if the purpose for which the institution to hope from the sympathizing efforts of the man foible, sectional jealousy and said many things which excited my but no- its parU—man can be perfect in nothingtion apply to some of its qualities which are not really is no danger, it has been averted by the two parties. In what has become a purely sectional stranger, entitled to protection. He had acted cal and Intellectual excellence? Then, -abo^d in reality, but wUch are used for wise and sympathy and fraternal feeling of these Union stiKc, having a mere abstraction for the ostensible ob- very foolishly, but, I thought, he had been badly "lawml ? andif theownerperformsall meetings,andthestandardoffanaticismhaabeen porposespoliti- Is It;to ing been wounded exceptingsomecoi esUoasftha igcontest. Thereis nohi( dnties to liis bondmen, is that owner com- prevented from being raised over the ruins of our to be acquired by means to which the nation Is at then supiMsed, by a formidable secret association,Raleigh"bramonthatside,itwashealthythere iras rnagssship performsportant question, and deserves consideration.THE CRISIS AND ITS TUEiTMENT. LETTEK FKOM A DISTINGCISHKD SOUTUIENgR.Lonsviiii, Ky., Thursday, Jan. 26, 1800.tlioughment were to offer a premium of two hundredMr. Crasoals had not then been arrested la due form, plan.exhausting"his he argumenta,"prom-it was such a wound as the knife bow sbova might produce.Take the case of the marital relationises" after this styleadopted,that rela- tion, as it exists at common law, is held by somebut I had seen the affidavit of Mr.I send you a copy,) and the warrant Issued upon itand had been informed that the formal arrest would persou be made and the prisoner brought up for exainination:here rested. Ttetingwmeh has some objectionable features!I"brother I did sot see James ;htma fcaifsithat theover the child, but there was no serious andlargefirm,A-c.;" Thereis no such blot as that now on tbethoughtparentauthority practi. exemplarycal objection to it. The children werejestingly tdked ofmaklng arrangements for a lecture, "There iaone other feature of the1 Infer from his mourner before thetheJk '•jj'"***they fontT of (to inthelRepubllcan candidate must betofvesT I wlUowningaa^to, *««*l«i.who was our the leader ofor mors electors, In proportion to population, so as toThe dlaastrtmi result to conservatism in niimtng constitute In all a of about members, college fiftyMr. FiuHoai, under much more favorable auspices, upon the basis of our present population. The elec- will probably deter from even a serious re|>etitlon of tors to be arranged In the alphabetical order of their»to navff'^ieeBunj.1. While it Is true! that, apprehensive (perhapsa cut of a knlieblood, US «wa»Betolntlon,;hoae thsra whM I 1^raMinu>«MrUvea,was the owner of slaves.Iyourmitghhatn,kpsefrohraps, stop what further Imyselfim-vatism," rampant Treason as shall cause the traitors to call upon theI aw Mm la |bBTiwte.i from a wound behind tbe ri^ ear.:wonU devise aIMnt ofthe Uw'^from time t" t^.^LThe chance of such a result isgot the 19th, and the Learyi cMneviewindulge in the -Pirit ot'the husband, it is said, hasand if he to be a pious man, shouUl he be ex- cluded from the communion-table oi> that ac- count ? I tliink no clergyman at the North,Thepresmt perilaggression upon Slavery within the States, there canLeary give assigned non-appearance. 1 give myself.happengreat. The Governor of Virghila, in his recent mes- be no fear of^ Us action, or nee<i for another party toThe examination was conducted with the Fugitive Slave law from being executedThe District here moved that (be wltaess- Attorneyory.ble the real matter ot contest t)€tween them.Let us. then, immediately have an amendment of the Constitution, to supersede the hazardous Presiden-" of grand larceny.most of the culton .States have used similar language, against the recurrence of another like peril, to place the nest thing In order was to select a subject. On attachment Raieigb" foresees between iord'^jrhJ Mr. Clinton w {shed then to know wh.v he hsd de-have livedpreached to the owners of these slaves, and havethemselves of theiramongthese domesticpower accomplish they and perilous scrambles for the office of Presidenthad too muchfairly representedthe will 'of asubjectwhich Isulwcquently— peaceable of half a million of Intelligent msn from every quarter the for such anBomnd, healthy:Blodozt, (of which wfor thedefense, without opening the case to the Jaiy, !•ceeded to call witnesses, but previously Mr. CHaka moved to strike out the evidence of Stenhas LssiT. on the ground of his having been ceavleted of peHtto t*too much power, and that power is liable to beabused. Suppose a man enters into the maritalrelation, and performs all its duties in an exem- be confined to a i,hon uotice of the naticnaZ danger^ iu the Kansas bill there is no just reason to fear that the and PtcQCSTobjectionable;woul^ present. They have long had a Gospel certed action to at least the accomplishthe hour was latehour, and probably diddedide that " By the Eternal, such affairs skali1 cannot say bow deep it was;1 am a aotTo the Edilar of the New-York Times:" gradtuiUysuch person so bound to ser--timingat the utmostmark these words,brevity, and place I met the Court, (comtMsed of Justices Olis vice w ill receive no aid In any Northern State," &c., larceny. The Court denied the motioa.cause, and the remedy.Slave States as part of its platform, and It having re- uiiondeiwsition"States upon which the Democracy can rely wltji any States, whose breasts glowed degree of certainty. The consequence Is, that fromand as 1 power, and when the vttpls refuse to be was<(for the any longermtheSouthernwe warmest patriotism, and who performedcofiperatlontheyacquiesce. As a citizen. I did not approve of theirhavenot wodtsd<n honorablewarfare,were usinganystrengthelected.not prevent that result.decisionInthismatter. I thenandstill thoughtthinkandselect one instance. Theparties,ing our PresidentspoUti-that the costa ought not to have been thrown on thedefendant, his and the trou- notwithstanding follyble It had given others, aa well as himself, for I verilythink that the of the under the folly prosecution was,circumstances, a little worse than that of the accused.who was as dis- perhapsMMorwM""•^••ftfor sagacity and as unbending probityUg hUa^esblae)d«j»aWto*.e«:ana his ooat ^»as btooWwiwle ef that eventful was he periodor six classes. The members of each class to selectpropersome of (ha mlsstatementa In the article In the Trib-hem" from ciignrtngUjeTM to"'*lflTb«fcft of committing sin, and ought he'*''"* he became imbued with a of spiritIn the heat ofthe jest Indignation of Wbktcbid stati ovir abis taslds shwezchided from the communion-table ? person, I think, would have entertained suchas out of prison and washadttMB; *»•?•!"!?no ?°^f5:which I have drawn has its im- attended with important conse- S^SSt^ V *^* Abolitionists are right, they are ^vSatm,., £.".'"8 "<"'>'n8 to do with It, Bo matterchance of a permanent split In the Democratic Partyplatform, Igaor-ShouldThis plan Is presented not as the best or only true mitted for trial in the'J^^stinctionbut as a of the one, merely specimenSuperior as a reason that the^"a^,facility obtained,that 1was held in fact by ths Vigilance Committee," or that shows theag^»»»nd iawith with- out having the ofEcs within the reach of party com- binations, and without violation to any principle ofMs bC^rrL'J*, "»,V'^'ic"!benefits."Touch not,isg all disputesconstruction.Governmentslightest suspicionto-day." long stereo-CTM"nrtrlllS. twl'^' ** '»'«" °«>«° but if ;nesses there named, that " their evidence was•ombinatlon could be made upon a candidate with IxKjn to our country, provided they can be made to hearsay." Having, through my son, said that one of typed line, a( the head of our columns thoughSrJ^.^'LlL"^yb^«->"*"" "i'"• i^jTT^iL „f " improved. I have , seenoning of the Northern wing of the party, then indeed a the patriotism of our poUtlciaas such an inestimableonlythe presiding Justices was an educated lawyer, andobserved,publicationof this soof the occsireaoeFt^J^^fsa^aid^ ,, T-mmM-mtramtbut when '^° ^ood in they have an ohi«^, ?«actical object of bene^'oien^^ Till'" i"-'?':! '"^ tlltia prioc pies in reaard !^ bu ^^'^ '*"' '^""'^a one was pretty large;;; Shay ran up TM^'^?5,itheya. a questionhaveS^l'a^v^e"r^y questions,»?ij^^ft «»;"li^SP^ikS and with fair prosfwct of carryhag five Slave States. have already been carried vastly too tar, and If not hardly be necessary for me to add that this statement polnta, North and East, of various dates, eommaaclng 1 was at th. theatre the nlj*t f«*^,?SJKs?plan,lf "k'S, °'>'''i?''"*"*^!fS. S. NICHOLAS. THE PRETENDED OUTRAGE IN GEORGIAto TBIHcgbis,I remarkFirstjustago.tasaid be did the crowd tlwn rnsbedcy of the case might require r«K)rt.aaa baaiS to AboUtionists ought to have done ifsuited the real of the goodexigen-oppositeand, secondly, that it was ruled ou( on no we are within four and a halfConsidering (hataboutSmithSmith were in the middle of the sWMSouthLiBut the spirit o? fanaticum has no ,nTTM"5"'.^-to beIf thethere bethen LeaiT'°' tr ' .»'calculation.Norttiem conser-the iinprove ur«''"»i'* "'Twas the preciselyLearybatUed with Shay,mali^°r tu"-"*!^?'terday came down to tbe 2Stb January as In several other things, greatly mistaken. If he behind conlract time,;three dayscctor of the handle was""'>' Jtbe cUm of Simon Pure l^«Z"j ^"^ "^'on? totheir strong repugnaace to the Demooracy.wlthotdy say"•I follovrod and saw'"'^Their Akct was to tradu^^nrt ,»'"•".'<)"»«"'•ReCT"^ Shay-* Johii Le»iyout difecU without a^n,^'*''«7' "^[•"ini'-'ireceiptof theaffraysaw;mouBkfSooth -f^se, up thebulldljigsrat'^t.^stti'iii'^rr ;";:ict thewhoKingston,Jeremiah Shot examtoed by.V'^ '^^''^any.1 ""^ j^ "** ^^ ^'"^ '=°°-it will be mos* that other natural propensity, sectional In a contest which has become so purely In aid of this sectional sympathy there is whom they have been warring without intermission for thirty years. All of them ascribe the critical conllUon of national affaire to the repeal of the Missouri Com-striking,if notvery cre.lltable,calculation based or manifested upon apparenttown, and village In the nation.peril the hopes of the oppreseed ofEurope and the lib-ertiesoftwenty-sixmillionsof torenderat whites,least a very equivocal acdontofourmllllons of blacks,we will see the politician his sails to catch trimmingofThe interposition of a third candidate willwithout the interventioa ofcsJ parties, which has bad the benefit of much Istelll-the effort. The truth Is, that no material defection names, and thendivided in that withholdingorder Into four, fire po6se on your patoleenoe, bouti ifdaeem iItmayto naotilce cevewrliasstuinKg uhuiiUia two " fralnl duownu andu huidue tand Shay;Botbtng but the Constltutloo for a platform, thatknow that such an amendment will t>e to acceptablehad a knife apiece. cyow-wamW-1 from all on canal at Snnuoerlive at «"whkrrere°'ii«P,r-°?able, and which main correct and valu-iguarded the interest of theslave. AJHamilton " Is inaccurate. the true constructive .* .Clay, who possesses But the force and perfection of their party discipline stopped, that their further progress must be accompan- whoIlnlryelation to theduringin,would carry everyFree SUte west ofNew-England,the result of the next electloBthatparty confllotatrialof which ascomplain.exchasgesDecember 24, and that Bijiit ; Iis too great for that. not worth behig broughtthwe was a his statement touching tbe sayings of Asnuir Gxav, last New-York pa]>er that has reached as, directly or came In and artedInto Little aid to the Democracy fromby sympathy sectional.judicial proceedings.partment—If, indeed,The New-Orleans mallsany soch existing. received In this City yes-;apt;I could "o'can be Their natural propeoalty expected.TnintrTB in rxoasd;reach of that days' City; ivativeswUl be to neutraUtyoraro^lb cas;. temperate letter In re- gard to the much-exaggerated case of Mr. CaxaoALS's calamlUea in Georgia, has been received by a gentle- man In this City, who has handed It to us for publica-this fact affords acomment upon the management of the Post-office De-two l^Siininn ca"ldle^dhls btoOgn^ "murfsff^tt^jgi,;followingotherall who are famlllarwiihInformant of the Tribune meant only to say that he thinks the ground for ruling out this evidence was such as he states, I have to that be is In thissnd ifovercame,Thetion.clear andand a sufficientquite one, jjerfectlyobvious toceasedbeside hhncutting at each other with knlvM d«>a*«Jj, g^ject ufforeign;;brought kidneys, but nothing sufficient to cause death ; mitting a sin because he enters into that relation- countr}-. G. Wood. all likely to consent, and there Is not a foot of discharging bear on the Southern States which he seems to •dollars a head for every slave carried there. Then there is no need to fear the slave propaganda, nor need for a party to keep It In check. The whole plat-ill be no need of ''ThetestimonyprosecutionRepublican Party Is/unctus officio, and bythese remarks will its unanimous vote on the Crittenden amendment of at II o'clcck next morning. At the apiwlnted timeformof the)party means to adopt the non-admission of any more individual whoseplary manner, is he in the daily habit of cumiiiit-a sin, because he enters into that relation;howdver ultra may be his piety, would main-tain that An institution may have position.of aif a community where they exist is generally it comes. He is no intemperate fire-eiter; but one not obtain peace and restoration to that so and then (according to the testimony) drunken man, put in that threat ? Is It to aecelerate emancipa- The Court said that such a motloo ml^ bethem inThe following la a brief sketch of a plan for obtain-":fte*« "*l*«k g'j "g"g|gtalone fornecessary obtaininggent scrutiny. Let the peopleofeach Bute elect twothe breezes of public favor. The South Is suspicious, and It la for the North to " throw the weight of her mighty arm Into the scale of a soimd, healthy conser- and administer such a rebuke tocountry la bsvaded.^-^,_». __,_^_ -.^.i .,from political parties can ba expecteda i>endlng contest like the present Men vrlll stand by last, which shall make its selection from the first class.their colors wliilst the battle rages, whatever may be From the four, five or six electors thus put In nomi- of some disorder Inoutragedpatriotism. SOUTH.a Icouldn'tsayitvras biaas•gySi.S wasaoan elector from that nextit, the exceptknifeit looked like covered withthe their secret IncUnatlon or determination to crowd, I did propose that the preliminary examina- thebattleisover. Butforthis,therewouldb«much plandependingmainlyonlot tionshouldbedtsi>eQsedwith,andtheaccusedcom-Mail wound bled for several daysthe Charleston Convention. It will be avoided bya President can be which competent(then)on« went to see the"riata mere rpaffirmance of the Cincinnaticondition ef the servicethere was ao «Ucktn#i>»si««r not^^* pcis-^Mt—u^,|gjirSsi tjfi?*'Republicanthe nation. They must all feel great uncertainty as toiK>thlngI, counsel, couKlter se(It can momlns is a curiosity. Ws havethissucceeding;do after nation, the college to designate a President by some needlessly apprehensive); I brooghtied with the gravest peril to the nation. 3.rejection of part of the testi-7th and 6th of January, which last should Eave come home I ;Into Crown%RespectfuUy,;;ia,s,L.'rfcr' 1vorv^iamio\rftt*hutehisowti»e-l»t••o-C-'r-a-i-o.^li'sapterred by and succumbing to Southern threats.Assuming the election of a the ques- wUh the tranaacOons at the hotel, and If there was every State where exists the lastl- ceased, was 18.Republican,tion then Is, will dtsusloa follow T sot Im- any threat to hang the prisoner at th e lamp-post Intution to l>e produstive of evlL" This Idea Isia which (bePerhapsif there ba frtmt of the Unitfco States Hotel, it musttotally wiUing possible"plia,"locality kaowagroeery-alore ke|« Asia by a '^ mS^have been Immediately, NhlVb somewhat Indefinite proasCnma^CesMC, 'sense or character:but he was a friendlessthathe Is not able to reach the same standard of;sion of ths brata, and was the cause of dea&, cor itl»sued upon "" retl, oa to Raleigh," and oaleis he lays dowa (be Taesdsy. pleaded gdirhe wns not with his own testimony or South prepared "aid of single Southerner high lote the magistrates. It was not from the actual or State pride is as nothing compared to that wlileh a JawAMUIs,or conadence, which points out to him aa an ob- tude. (It seems, however, to be agreed on all hands, standing in the Cabinet, the Union wiU almost cer- constructive " custody of the Vigilant Coiflmittee," " freedom sbrieker " feels when tie looks down from A. BtadT,that a ought not to be raised unless to sup- vioaajdktato of morality that certain oBences are partyport a principle, or unless it had some important witt^jB-tbatnaelvea. bi the order of Providence object in view.aaAb^veoBBtitnted, that he haa not to wait for "When the Republican Party was organized it leaving the Union, will be much more apt to betha Witeft piQceaa of legislation, in all cases, to was to prevent the extensiob of Slavery in the dragged out themselves. It must be remembered that an Irishman and not a Georgian by birth, testified to are almost unanimous In believing tha institution of yean of age, aad a yoongartainly be dissolved. The five border Slave States, so but from the countyj ill, where he had been lodgedhe Green Monntala) on bis native TeraioBt, myopta- "Mr.Anifaon,far from being able to prevent the other ten from whom one was a another avanlan,oSeaces Territories then to be formed, but that object has (here are in the South a large number of intelligent. along, foolish, crack-brained haranguemadebyCaxa- negro Slavery as much (he best situation which ne-ceasedI was ia tbe store of bifor safe-keeping. At the trial all the five witnesses,the case for tbe prosneotisa, aad] on li quite as valuable as Raleigh's." So far as I tha wllaesses,of stranger,2flfeKt:ta^MM, Uberatiaa dortag t^Hstiv aUML w^tf aardsr. attk a|«MaMM«Mltfw«e semally pelM by the eeaasrtlKtte rvViougullgllhatntbse"- Anarticleinyour"paperofthe>7thJumtrf, andeachaoswetsd1^SHhi80Ui;PERNEMANCIPATION.the ofEcers of ttie law, and his offence Inquired of la DEFECXm AHD I«ADI(2UATX 80BIHIS rO> KX-ent course, vir.:thatCaABOALsshouldbe arrestedby;Boatheraother character plan, may exceUent it irould only wait. der of Joba I«aiy at Crown's Cttmt, la-tta #|s«e^• artments,,..prisoner was rmisitils<and down Loins Nafoixos to the level of the meanest and not his son ALpaxi>," (who is and has been for peasant In France. I supixue those ndserable Idioticand gotupfor so long as one of them remains in battle He then consulted me as to the chances of his getting;the club at hlrathe party. Mean spirits who feel no resentment one knows how Idle it would be to hope fur such a before the trial, it would be a waste of time to of the French and w4U-conatituted mind. Is it so with the case stay faulte: my brother was 18 years and 3 months old, and saJIbaFrenchmen alone should hosfllbl for injuries, short of bodily infliction, may think soluUon ss that. There is no hope unless the nation bei e a moment for such a purpose. It seems he con- be responsible for and should control its actions. Let me that we could not be known apartnation.of Slavery ? Slavery may be called a social rela- they see no danger, hut there is danger when high can be drawn from the grasp of those two parties. sidered the advice reasonable ; he went away imme- " " and all the North thenaccomplish that, mode,to historian of his adventures In the South cotintry.as (he South desires alone to beforis by an amendment of the Constitution prevent As to matters outside of tbe record, touching Mr. its Institutions. Let real estate rise in Boeton, when ceased, was ma evldaaee uautissat the election of next Fall, with all its hazards, from Csasoalx's connection with the firm of Gsat & Tde- the learn that It Is highly Improbable that the that ofthe previous witness, with the aiMHInasltoetand they are substantially the same as those In theTrtbmu. Whether Mr. Ckabsalx was subjected to "Slavery." Let the NorthSkerlock stated the iw af fts I Officer pi neilliigsS overtheNorthernandmiddlesectionofthecoun-betterdelineatedthanInthefollowingresolutionre-neithermyfathernormyselfcanaffirmordeny.Nor and andinter-aminedatsomelengthbyHr.Clintoau,batttive of Vermont, a member of the Itlchmond Bar, and a man of education.I shall submit this letter to my father before It Is transmitted to you, and he may add a tx>stscript to it.are In favor of a Union such as our fathersIssuingarrested him. snd that Us sldlt-ooUastoterritory force him Into a false position? Raleigh"slave treatfd,notmerelybyasingleindividjal,but,aswas worth the while ofand I was glad to have an opportunity of has,could be established, even the Govern- less man, and publicly denouncing the wrong-doers. Afterhe died and those duties? This is an im- our o«n (errKory now free uiron which Slavery the double duty of protecting, as far as I could, a help- think will certainly bring them to adopt his from compression of the brain, caused by tba woaad;vinced that itmajority of the people of Virginia. The Governors of tial election of next Fall, and for permanent security lishing his pro|>osiUons. Some of the company having system of American Slavery, anJ as for the strong him,thePresidencyoutofthereachofpartycombinations. "tenant,"therecanbeinstancesenoughofit roundin all the duties of parental affection. This insti- Rhich has been responded to by their Legislatures In To this cud let us obtain signatures from all men this i>oint he was entirely indifferent, saying in the South to show that the relation of master and prived him of his liberty for three months* ?—my ans.s-ertotion, which is so all-pervading in the relations of terms equally strong. The only difference in the of all patties not artively engaged In this party con- ask tn». any question upon any s^tbjrct servant isTbe Dislrlct-Attomey explained that be hsd oaly learned the fact that morning.life, lias not produced practically bad effects as a general rale. When a gentleman of the North vis- KM th^aoathem States, he finds them in the main Itoapftable and generous, and he returns to his home bettie£l^eaaed than when he first went amongthemlAn Inatitution which produces such fruits, maylawfully be entered into without the danger of committing sin.to it thall tje in the forrci of a lecture. NoThe Court said the District-Attorney's explanatioaproductive itmguage used by tlie Democratic Senators and test, instructing Coiigress to outain such an amend- one suggesting any topic—he continued. *-.Ask tween the two.representalives of the Souilicrn Stales has beea, that ment to the mode of electing our Presidents, provided Hio any question you please;fo< instanre. Whysatisfactory,Slavery w as so debasing" to the spectator even Thomas examined Mr. CUntanwhilst some of themlican asthe othersthe extreme of folly not to believe that the Demo- cratic leaders, who have the iwlitlcal control of Vir- ginia and the nine cotton States, do Intend by con-It be done without infringement upnn the great cardi- am an Abolltiordst V Thatnal principle of a Republic, which reco;j;nlzes the which he responded in substance, that he would fully much more to those who had grown up surrounded laborer I have boarded for: 1aaa thewasanswer it at the time and — "the institution!" What athat the South willWith all these declarations before us, it would be has ever prxxluced, and the unoubllsfaed opinions of CxA^QALK's discourse attracted the attention of the tional piolley (?)Spencer, bysix yearsonly ssysecession, forciblv resist theWASHiaoros, Jacksos and Caluou.x did not have moreinauguration of a Republican President.of some among the dead of the wisest men the nation of his public lecture. It seems that this part of Mr. State pride." more enlarged and better vievrs of na- cut behind the ear ; was heIdeedlng; Igarshiapoint to the elecUon of a Repub-asked, tuthe of immediate precursorsovereignty of the people over their own Government.questionproper place meaning,;with of thisminlstrjr at the South. Their clergy are alwaysuiiiluMMIliltobe highly exemplary, disinterestedand vrttOreharacterst They preach the Gospel succeeds In the election. With this belief, accompa- Ues, and our politicians wUl feel compelled to tay he had heard only a;;;secession of those ten States. If theRepublican Party of the ceuntry, without regard toIf It ea( thebeaeThat thiscan bedone,we have thepublished opinionssuppose,if meaning anything, at the time andMosses, iHace "I;saw the prisoner thatthe prisoner and' the witnesses. Thepublic opinionsuch fugitive " tenant" O, priceless boonStephen Leary, recalled by Mr. ClintsB : I did aetarrest wasof the Union is both real and pudiated again and ^gain, in all forms, the idea of heard no reason for his stand that all that has heretofore prevented did not him a knifethemade did not appear before the magistrates. I have travagant Raleighsee a white-handled knife in the of posteasioami[perfect regular- was hate for theneither the prisoner nor his coimsel had any rea- master,—out by the evidence was simply that of a few loimg-not love for the slave;es for the defence should be sent into another raaaitysage, declares that disunion will be the imiaediate keep It in check. The whole matter pretended to be son to complain of any part of it The case made iat you confess that you would be "willing and called to the stand separately, so that ihey ooaldin contest between the two parties Is brought down toresult of an election of President oy the Republican a mere of no or— abstraction, practical bearing impor-tant Influence upon the interesU of any section of thewith the extravagantharmony who, somewhat after the maimer of "the Admirable tion in those States whe^e it (Slavery) is least profit- at any time, and ordered the witaesses to retlrs.party. This declaration is the more significant thesome objections, and they may be serious ones, but more to be heeded, on account of the man from wliom Union.night,round a hotelThis "' "prosperous and peaceable, there can be no serious objection to it, however defective it may be in the-There Is, therefore, no reason why the nation shouldfollyconceited, loquacious,have deciGCd, Is to be a low one. But why to remain in Court each otbar^ siinsaiw duringwho. In a long political career, has earned reputation essential to itsIn the earlier of the Roman and for temperate, considerate conservatism. Such a very preservation, by withdrawing scram- omni sisbili et quohbet ente." He proposed to deliver make the best of a bad bargain? Why appieal to the should be compelled to call the boy Klrby, wboabsperiods law,in the best and purest days of the Republic, it wasman would not make the unless well declaration,a public lecture on any named subject, taking eithercupidity of ilaveholderis by sayUg, "You will bein the House of Detention for tkras issalha. The District- Attorney replied that he had not railedashehaddiscoveredthathehadbeenconvistsdcon-relieved of the burden of vbur old the In- negroes,hsd keptif not indispensable toils "prosperity, from their Crichton," was ready to dispute with any comer de able, through fear, a^dthus Induce others toMr. Clmton then asked that the Dlstrtet-Attsraeyside of any question, and. on either, estab- logicallyhe was In present party not fully apprehend the drift of (he idle talk of which" stop," Let the institutionwoundmedical manan eighth of an inchwasn't half an inck nrohsalr ; it deep—not see ball pass through me, and X made no fuss abont am to what from their ever-recurxlng, never-ceasing, pernicious sel had any reason to compUIn of the mode of c/n- all good cltlsens executing the law, they will see that I have fought under General Jacfcsoa ; the cnt waspart if wedo in tbateirft of the Gospel. Now these men who nied with the inference of a full conviction among down their arms to give peace, permanent peace, I have said that neither Mr. CaAn6Ai.x nor his coun- public opinion will come at>ou', and;It dldnt toscbtheu- wrong place;the majesty of the law Is vindicated. Until this revo- behind thewhich ".^^ —Did you know him to have bad a ooltiag without any warning to the slaves to rebel against the only contingency between us and national destruc- with lDva.«lou from a powerful foreign enemy. Will that partof their judgment which threw the cosU on pathy and union of feeling," will be basely delusive. match, or matoh with knives, with any person, priortheir and without holding forth ob- masters, anyiections to this domestic institution—havenot every patriot lend his active aid to the accomplish- the accused. The law, as stated in sen's letter, I appeal to every patriot if it ta no( dme (o check to this occurrence ? » rid mybeen, bv such acts, in the habit ofsm 7 tion,2*tJ>theycommiting to prove that California and Oregon arc the only Free In obtaining signatures In any one city, will encourage before (hemexaminationsany criminal ma(ter. What of the Government It has proved an element ofWitness ssld bs didnot kneir ofHtyaidailyAgMn, the leaders of our American Revolu-and awaken the active Industry which Istouchingiastitutions,the examination before theearthreaten, we must inquire as to the probable occur- The national peril is greateriluctingmagistrates.napprisoner's;fromheld forth to them the character of genuine piety, rence of the event, the happening of which they make every cltiieu Is greater than if we were threatened say distinctly that 1 did not and could not approve calls up to amuse his imagination with of that sym-;tha needofhelpThis1repeatbut to all preventmisunderstanding, Ilution does take place,all thehopesRaleigh" "tion.The results of the more recent elections all tend of the next election requires speedy action. Success cise their discretion as to costs, in all have taken the Slavery question into all dspartments;ment of so great a work The success In getting gives them, and with good reason, authority to exer- (his aglladon. Cunning and unscrupulous agitatorsMr. Clinton objected, but the court>viz.: "That every intelligent, rlgfat-Bwaalng maa la Slavery believes,»wrong. The South, orthe attenUon of (o adopt "Raleigh's," a^ any otherPennsyl-two others Irishmen, and the fifth the son of am able (o form an opinion, (be people of (he Soa(h SteplieK Learf, examined by Mr.CaAHOALX or a natural foot crazypronouncedHis counsel did propose to waive the preliminary;CaAKOAii, and that he might prefer to remain under of which AbolKlonlsU en- the protection of the law rather than go forth Into a freedom wl(h (he promisenone of hisso(Ssmaiotchy',s) boslnsawshl;commimltv whereWhat will be (he effect of such collision on any large also denounce every Vigilant Committee" whose —they will be satisfied with nothing less. If you"door; aha^bads^be made a rashati^bialbscaMtbiscan Party, tts leaders repeatedly announced a bloody collision with the Federal authorides. him some men as foolish as himself. His counsel did must them perfect equality In (bo-eyes of the law back,ers, and society."Raleigh himself admita (hat Ing about half past tve or qaatlerta sis; ihsaswa*'tions more In accordan<^e; Kitby back, aad made a cat with thedid wasevery city, time) a subordinate officer of the Court, I could but tormented by this everlasting nigtet"—refuse to im- three years; I foUow the peddling for a bodaasai I""both routes from the East and North failedlawfully done,witness, continued1here and entitle to>••»•»gavethey wotild hang the accused then and there if theattached to him."aa to its trueare such a split take place, and be followed by a disband- The time Is deemed propitious for obtaining from X In the article referred to It Is said of the wit- We have discontinued of late, as our readers may John Ctrkitt, examined by Mr.stated at>ove that had occurred theas i( Is also The distribution (o-day.of the witness,Thatto handThis ismonyTnbvnesuch absurd ground as (ha( therein stated, but on an-Szxnct.—We haveCourt, It. is not true management of tbe great Southern Mall route. Ths" foUowtng, from the New-Orleans Picmgwu, JaiL 19, present (rialwithbloodheworeablaAKossntHbWhat ;Crou-sMaiMd-Tha woond wasbaie sa weekof what la set forth In (he was dated on the Wh. indirectly,head with a knife At the request of mj- father, Mr. Hsnrt the Court actually assigned that or any such grmusd et BAtooKlNO. Mr. La Modntais, the aeronaut, lock upAcocsTA, 6a., Wednesday, Jan. 18, 1840.mesat to say. as bis language seems to indicate, thatof that (or ruling as (hey did, I pronotmce (he sUtemen( is constructing four new balloons at Lansingburgh, to Damei Tu^eyDtAB Sian. CrKMisa, I acknowledge for him theyour letter of tlie llth Inst, and write to correct what ulterh false.—be used for local ascensions. Mr. Joaic Wisxis also Ucn;come and arrest thepr^ner.^^ „„,, por-!promise, for which the Democracy is wholly reepen- there Is erroneous In the accountslble. They belle\-e that the Democracy ia much ua- York lYitrttne of a recent transaction in this town. shall denounce, all self- coasti toted VteUance Com- aa ascension from Canada, oa the itta of that was the first and Ipt blow «"J"^"ua»j"g»^ ricflueuf^, if not the control, of disuaionleaJ-In the &r>lplace,Mr,Cia^sai, (wasnet arretted uiiuew,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069uf whomsoevercomposed,unlawfullygivenin the New- 4. While it is (rue that I did denounce, as 1 everaMay, the birthday of the Queeo.Untitled Documenton ofmy for their own- Wortk'Street the BMmlng taehim, aad kaoeka^ have excited tice slaves from their masters? No, Sir; "Raleigh" agalasttbe stove: this was ta Crowa's stsm^ifolly might" give prisoeer) to help him**" ~scale with the excitable people of Kentucky andmen have a strong pToclWIty for pitching Into any OAU was asked whether he had been In- their number has recently informed me, very fre- knife was Inagainst brother struckaad Smith calledbreaths The cross-examinatloa by ICr. Clinton did aot iexamined;people ~Theyimposed byThey cannot be frightened Into submission by Johnphilanthropic, thoughworthless,;thein letter and inhave t a blow from a flat coold aot Trelevant matter .Mr. CRA>GiiJi has thrown m the1 never heard of this man imtii after his Irregular ar- law. Did Raleigh" ever read, in the history of one sciousness in about two hours, so tar as to answer ato which he and then doubtless be- ernment of a people ! It would not work. Practical prisdoind, said,and make laws accordingly. If we had a plan which uation of tbe brain there was also a alight mmndiaa'; It had fiieivbelidc, as most others, (mcluding I thiiJc, Mayor statesmen must consider man with his Imperfections, [xutlon of tbe temporal boneand if tbe ne- in arraying more than pity, does it not followThis system Fugitivethere Slave laws, and If any bound to service' runs away from any Slate that has declared its destre to emancipate,"but *'would the rendition or compel"O, ex- So then, we are to under-to return him to a system where he is under guar- dianship," and where he must knew his place, and benot hear each other's evidence.Mr- Clinton strongly objected, on tiis grooad Vtat""ers gathered, at a late hour of thefire, In or near the bar-room, amusing themselves made to keep it place," too, you yourself the wlmesses for the prosecution hadof the most.kindly feelings 1"—already; «bsbatyo« showed me was tbe hat; Itbastteentofaknuem^thewould have been appropriate on any day since win-betweensaw deceased have a knife j jalsBoar;the SouTHSSjfcalled attenUon to the mis-:;itleft obligationscoining down, scatteringiy, to the round the streetastow ^so.a"aS«^i—gE,J~- de«aseJdTMw"«»tteTtSaooiwkdfstWOJJ g" ^, emjjaB^*-^Ibe-When did "Raleigh" make the discovery that was and denied the motion.I by pityoftherenceI remember the**ha tad asome of t£e most enlightened and experienced among man most prominent In his arrest plan" WiU alone prevent the recurrence of such acta his shirt was saturated with blood, sad the Alrt sfthe set yoimg procuringthose sow living. Put Congress upon task, This youth, the son of a highly res|>ectable father, as the Harper's Ferry affair," 1 fear the days of ths his ooat was half torn oS'; the bat yon sbawactothe InvenUve talent of the nation to work, and tlietrue best plan for accomplishing this object will soonbe discovered. Present Congress with the memorials taken. He Is youngUnion are numbered. Bu( Raleigh" wiU find that"(he conservatism" of the North will" Crtss-examined—l saw blood emanating frea ttewasCourt—deeply mortified at the step he had so hastilyhat the bad in bis celL prisoner;If the ofadoption "'Raleigh's' sticking-plaster to put on It ;Us clotoerwsta hieody ;it will decide toalone," and see that all Jobs Bbowhs who may here-whether or not; .1 after arise, die the death of trauors ; a revolution In did not make a postmorten ; I have had a mnsket-to make the blood came from the l»"cf,* balloon, wttli which he proposes 'glsed;throughthe skulltheon the correspoadlagiit.;dSiadtbasbkrsafdtWertia"** spokSemith then sturpaeokn at my;"elM«iliit he stated, however, ftat blaeClNIS from a cat behind tbe i^earvAtolBa sdck or a stone It ;;this prodoead ooimore of the vessels of the brain or Ita memtnaae baa-a"ttempthowever, one consideration to tion of the lungs, old disease of^ the liver aad ofae;''prisonerday nwralng;No. «S Psrfcebeetrather aake myrec<^lecta*ea the d»«wltei«wwd;Ican'tsayof tbethe «ar at aU. , „ .,"Lj^Jmet Loary pursued blm, and struc* him ""o1m2c^m simt-examinedthe 'latI sawdecaassd"^ .^,fl1 www.fultonhistory.com -mrS^rmit^m^iS-