 a.I: «ttedPOLITICAL IBTELLIOKNCE.will hold theirto be united upon Richard for the executive chair, BearyM.Bector,whoisahmademocrat,runaing without »ny regular nomination, asd who, although hetrillbe supported by the Bell sad BrerStt men. Hon.C. Htodman has the democratic nominatiJUfar re election to Congress in the Pint district, without sup organiied opposition against htm. hd ward W. Qantt is tbe demo- critic nominee in the Second d iatrlct, to take the place ofZ 2 ? 2 2 £ £ ! * S «*«*'a«^Maal preferences, to suafff U S ? 2 S ? « * f owr strength, might defeat toe object which everv democrat has at heart. No one acquaihted with our electors can doubt but that, if elect- ed, they mill do whatever intelligence and patriotism may tadictle as best calculated to advance the interest of the democratic party, and promote the welfare of toe countryDramatic Matters. BKAPFKARAKCK OF KDWlN FORREST, THB AMnVOAMTRAOEWAN.For a long time the public have been most anxiocstoaaceYUin whether Mr. Edwin Forrest, ins American tra- gedian .had quitted the stage for life, or whether he could be induced to give at leant a series of farewell representa-the past? What thenever ending future? Eternity angel records thought, ward •tf What thethe record ug unerringly, c >n andB»»•token*r*. wan M in*M»auoadjraport. Wi f.»In pestthf toe bar astTwElspaby asfuesoe.afmrd.0la. FraneSw•AFLK AND fflCB^T. Tie NeapoHtsss Ism sraeuatod Messinafrfaeme, asd wsts bens* transported t o "It was reported that Gar ibaldi prep trtog for s de-Gorernor.Lieut.Gor.. Bas. of State.son.Thos C Reynolds.CUnge of the Opposition—TWs A*«o locol Issue-Ken- during the past week. nethSaynor Outfor Breckinridge, dcRabbi of Mew York, who was dressed In a long flowing flock from the British provinces for tbe sake of ths socie-gown or toga of black silk, ass aned the talttte, a cloak of ty which it affords, whilst the rapidly increasing repute* whitesatinwithpurpleandblackstripes,andcommencedTHE BVACUATIOH1The consecration services or the hew synagogue of the congregation B nai Israel, situated at the corner of For- gyth and Stanton stree ts, took place yesterday, which,BT. CATHARINES SPRINGS.St. CaTHAsas's, a W., July 31, lftgo.ruuuw A tit steamshipM i LU B run. HOB. Albert Rust, who has recently rendered himself somewfaat obnoxious to tbe main body of the democrat*. An opposition candidate as mad I>r. Mitchell Is also run- ning in tbe Second district. All tbe democratic regularlyaomtoated candidates will unquestionab!y be elected.the only State officer to be chosen In Kentucky is ClerkDouglas. , Qran n» VracEcu.—At Occoquan, Virginia, all is quiet, and no sttonpt has been made to replace the republicanpole.Fmsr AsesnBrsr rnmurr Cosvsjmosf.—At a Conventionof democratic delegates cm the towns composing the, First Asatmbly district id'Suffolk county, held on the 4th of August, in the village of Greenport, Thorn« E. Crowelltent company, including, among others, toe favorite Mr. Charles Fisher. Mr. Forrest's last appearance in tola city waa at tbe Broadway theatre, about three years ago, and he gave after that time, w s believe, only a few farewell representations in the provinces. His engage ment with Mr. Nixon is for the term of six months, and he will pay, not only at Hew York, but also at Boston,edthe17thdsyof Abb.,6690. The building was for-merly occupied as a place of worship by the Baptist doto nomination, lnd haa been remodelled for the purpose "which it to now devoted.In the centre of the synagogue is located the et-memoror reading desk, where; the chasan (corresponding to the minlater in Christian churches) officiates. It to an ele- vated platform, teren or eight feet square, surrounded by railings, with steps leading to it on either side. Near the front of it to the inclined desk, covered with a man- tle of red and gilt satin, upon which are laid the holy hooks used in divine service.laMritolj Postpwi.A BsoSrut—It is said that Chang andEng,tbeSiamese twins, differ In politics. Both are veteran democrate, but Chang la now for Breckinridge, and Eng for next, supported by a carefully selected and folly compe according to ths Jewish mode of reckoning time, to call-*. Cn<Aam«'i at It Wat and oi It Is—Its ~tag Reputation, hath HjpyWatosfty and dbrtalay A m*nt*—Balls and Picnics—Meeting of the Prince efWalts with the Chiefs of the Six Satio**—Distinguished Visiters, ttc.ttcIt to now four years since an accidental circumstance brought me to this place. I happened to be at Niagara, and learning that an invalid friend was staying here 1 took the cars on the Great Western line and to less than three quarters of an hour was seated beside him under the plana of the Stephenson House. I had purposed only remaining a few hours. my condition of health not being such as to require the powerfully stimulating waters of these springs. My first impressions of the place were not calculated to Induce me to depart from my resolution.N. F , Aognat 4,18*Xm m LryerpecJ 9Mb, Tin ...nwmwn Snub ubL, leaned <*• • # •* •*»••* P. 1L *7ietoy. abe w u boarded by the new. boat of tbe A*of the Court of Appeals, for which office there are threecandidates. Tbe lines hare been distinctly drawn be- was called to the chair, and H. A. Reeves appointed aecrs Philadelphia, Baltimore and other, of our principal cities,* . * d Press, and s stnnmery other sews olrhxtoed.^ n n - t o f Angto-SaxoB, from Quebec arrived at ^rpooiontaeSato.ttostaasashtpltmborgn, from New JYOTB, arrired atiHtMtow* on the Mth alt.TV) Kangaroo baa «9 cabmn** _ — —B T W A .Itwae reported that a conferee* w«*d beheld at Parisa relation to Syria.Tie Porte bad notified tbe WesternPowers of thecoo-tMM> of peace between tbe Druses aid Maronitos. He pmiaed, nerertuntoaB, to act with the utmost rigortions,all striving forthemastery,and each apparently -I , M reported ttat the Ports had protested against sanguine of success. The following are the names of theor two new cnaractera It to not stated whetherthis to to be Mr. Farreat's farewell engagement,but the probabilities are that New Yorkers will notsoon have another opportunity of seeing their favorite semicircular recess, the HicKM or sacred scrolls of tbe The company were nearly all on crutches, and of young,;Mttheauthorsofthemassacres.p^amu^rreiition.andthUtheexpeditksiwMitopped. candidatesonthedifferentStatetickets;—The North Carolina Election. OUR KAtEIGH CORRESPONDENCE.ons,Rer.Mr.Isaacs,lev.E.L.Goldsmith,andRer.Mr. Frombeingamorsresort forinvalidsithasaasiiiumlail interest manifested by Use public, and each of our leading Bondi.Htaiea the mainltreiatioBsrj istouansiBdhnsi hadAuditorexclaimed:—Open the gates of righteousness for me that I may enterthrough them to praise the Lord.To which the choir, gathered, at the reading desk, re-sponded :—This is tbe gate of the Lord, Into which the righteousshall enter.Tha doors were opened and the chaxan chauntcd.—Howawfultothisplace! To which the choir again responded :—This is none but the bouse of God, and this to ths gate of heavenIgrowing into the same degree of estimation amongst the medical men of this continent that Carlsbad occupies In the other hemisphere.And it well deserves this. More patienta go away benefitted from here than from the sulphur, Iron and magnesia springs to which American invalids are in the habit of resorting. The intensely saline properties of the water, combined with the powerful minerals which it holdsinsolution,imparttoitatoncethepropertiesof sea and medicated baths. Unlike the sulphur springs, which enervate and render the patient more sensitive to cold, it fortifies the system against atmospheric Influ-THE BWI88 QUESTION.It vas reported that the OosJSrssos on the 9wi« que*UMhad bees indefinitely adjoumed.THE TOPLTTZ COHFB|ENCE.The Emperor of Austria arrired at loplita on the 34th. Tbe Prince Regent of Prussia had sot arrired.GREAT BRITAC*.Tee Bouse of Coaamons had adopted a resolation placingtst nails and other contracts in future under the control of Pari lamentFRANCE,The Paris Bourse fall X par cent wider LordW.BaU. . Sample Orr.T.J.C.- Casper Wlua'stpeech. Thedosed on the 24th at 57f. 80c.resolved to flee for popular favor by holding out the most Is announced for to night, and every night during the tempting baits that ingenuity could suggest. The first week.waa distribution of the public lands—a measure uponwhichtheStatehadbeencanvassednearlyaquarterofa At the NewBowerytheatre Mr.E.Eddy-will appearTHE LATEST, VIA QTJEENSTOWN. Lorrx*, July 9t, 1W0.vived two years and a half ago, upon which Judge Ellis for Mr. Eddy, entitled "Miantinimo, The Last of the Nar- green leaves upon their heads, entered the synagogue, and their own ailments. If it be true that half toe llto that" Phelps. The Daily Nem city article, dated Wednesday craning, I •—John S Pbelpsand Duncan McRae, aa ex-democrat, entered upon the gubernatorial campaign, and which resulted in tbe great est democratic victory ever achieved in the State.marching to the front took up a position on either side of flesh is heir to owe their origin to the overtaxing of the ragansetts." The bill also embraces the Scotch drama of the space between the ark and reading desk. The officers brain or to local influences, it is evident that their euroAJ» ices from Paris state that the firm of Granville, InA Paris despatch my a the Sardinian government oon- w&u to support Garibaldi in a proposal for a six months irtee between Naples and him.Tb? opening prices for consols to daly are 93 '* a 9G?i !w Oiotey and account. new threes M.'a » 93 •».holders who do not own slaves A proposition was intro- duced in tbe Legislature that slave property should be taxed on its assessed value, which has given rise to a heated debate here, and on this issue the present contest has been made. It is well adapted to win a large popular vote, as t is agrariauisrn pure and simple, being nothing more nor less than a scheme to change the taxation fromits present restmgs to tbe shoulders of the slaveholders. The issue of tbts contest will not be any indication of tow matters will go in this State in the November elec- tion, for thoinb Kills, the democratic^candidate forAt •re National Varieties "The Tooalea" and a small * rollers, upon one of wUieli tbe parchment folds as It comestime the patient rises in the morning until he retires t> rest at night, bis regimen, txercue, occupatiuoa and amusements are all under the constant supervision of his medical attendant. Mental employment of a pleasurable and healthful kind forms an important featoie in his course of treatment, and public enterprise readily sup- plies the means of giving effect to ius ooctcrV prescrip- tions.To tbe leading physician of this place. Dr. Mack, credit Is due for the efforts itut he has made to assimilate as much as possible the r-yime of tbtse springs to toe Ger- man system. He is constantly impressing upon the per-COJmERClAL INTELLIGENCE.Tl e comm-rclal news is mainly anticipated,the anpatch via Queenstown having failed to come to band.Governor, will probably carry tbe State, it will, no doubt,be by a reduced majority. But there are thousands who a visit to some friendfnt West Point, will succeed Mr. andLOSDOS VOMKT MABStCT. Th- mou«y market was slightly easier.will to morrow vote for Poole, the opposition candidate, that will in November vote for Breckinridge and Lane. As a proof of this 1will state that Kenneth Rsyaor,whoIt is stated that Miss Charlotte Cushman, who is now on Mrs. Barney Williams at Winter Garden.At the termination of tbe seventh circuit the sacred sons interested In the prosperity or the place the necessi- scrolls were carried up the steps and placed in the ark. ty of providing liberally for the amusement and enter-The lighting of tbe perpetual iamp, a duty devolving upon tainment of the visiters. Fully convinced h he is of themen per cent bonds 83 *» a 7S. NeSaj York Central shares H i > i r>ie shares 19a 20.election, the contest is left between the regular demo-cracy and the Sam Houston parky, the latter being sup-ported by the Union men. The fallowing are the nomina- only one on which tbe South can safely unite. tions-—Yesterday was the fiftieth anniversary or the pastorate of the Rev. Dr. Spring over the congregation which for- merly worshipped in' the old Brick Church in Beekmanintended to shiae. ^The cha;an then chauntcd :—of those who come here he forbids absolutely the use of the springs, whilst he promises them much from the in- vigorating atmosphere, the splendid walks and drives, and the freedom from all serious occupation which they cap enjoy here.LITEKPOOL MALivxarooL, July 26,1860.a t C e n t r a lP a r k .B'eesed art thou, O Lord, oui God, King of the Universe, who hath preserved us alive, sustained us and brought us to enjoy this season.party will he exhibited. Clinton McCiarty is tberegular democratie nominee on the Breckinridge aide;Wickham was chost n to represent the district in tbe State Convention which meets at Syracuse on the 16th inst., unanimously. The following resolutions were then in-In that portion of the building where In other churches the chancel and altar are located is the ark. Here, in aR. R. Boiling is put forward by the Douglas branch, andLeslie Coombs is the candidate ot the Bell party. The troduaed, 4ismased briefly, and adopted, with but onelaw of Moaea are kept. The whole derloe of the arc Is in people there were only about half a dozen.and these com- actor In his best roles. The bare announcement of Mr. imitation of the portico of a Grecian temple. An orna- pulsory attendants upon their gouty papas or rbedpsatioForrest's appearance will doubtless create a sensation mented architrave projecting oyer the top is supportedrivalling the greatest with which New York has recently by two fluted columns, which are surmounted by Ionic mamas. And yet, notwithstanding this apparent absencerots tost fall stood for Gorersor as follows:— Democratic [ opposition Jdissenting voice:—Resolved, That we, the representatives of tbe First As-W.1OT 67,271 Girisg to the democrats a majority of nearly alas thousand in the Stats. That party BOW being dmded, it is reasonable to predict the success of the Gntanites incapitals and rest upon octagonal pedestals of marble. A night of throb stepi, arranged to a semicircle, lead to the platform in front of tne ark Where the lectures (orthis contest.In Missouri there are four complete political organiza- cure a single electoral and State ticket.fAlthough the attractions at our principal places ofamusement hare been butslightly varied duringthepast fortnight, there 1a little or no abatement in the the ark were seated the Rer. Dr. Raphall, Rev. J. J. Ly- Sinoe that time St. Catharine's has altered greatly.placs si Register John P. Houston. John F Houston.Mr. Jefferson S managerial career has thus far been deci- dedly anueanvul, and ha win doubtless make an appro- priate into of toe season with the popular comedy now on the boards.At Winter Garden the Ravels hare been astonishing and delighting large audiences sightly during the past fort- night. To-nightwillbegiven,forthefirsttime,thefairy pantomime entitled "Magic Pills."Sap. Cam. Schools.W. B. Stark.~"Fab. Works.Geo. W Bough. Vannoy.Lieut.Gor.. See. State...AuditorAttorney General Oaon Guitar. Register .J. M. Gntewood.«yi-The funds today wars firmer, and closed at aa J 7-John W. NoellIn the First district, Albert Todd is running as the rep-and honorary officers of the Congregation, covered Withthe taUtte, then brought tbe sacred scrolls of the Holy ble excitement as in medical treatment and the remedialnaced su , and quote American 26at a 90s. Wheat firm Comptroller Clement R. Johns, James McKinney.ui Uvanced Id. a 2J. since Friday. Holders demand Treasurer Cyrus H.Randolph, J. D.MaAdoo.tmc.i.t.uoal advance, which checks business; red 10s. t:»lb,whitelis.a12e.6<i. Coindullbatsteady:naed and yellow 308 a tie , white 43*. a 34».Pi r -E—Rosin steady at 4a 2d. i 4s. 3d., for oom-Ltfd buo) ant at 61a fid. for prime. jTaltow quiet: North iswican Ma a Ms. (Jd.when the present democratic candidate, Gorernor Ellis, waselectedbyoversixteenthousand majority:—theFultonstreetprayermeetingisanexample.It is believed that much good can be done upon atventbelobby of thschurch wascrowded, andmany were obliged to leave, unable to obtain even a standingaca. fyiriu of terpentine dull at pis. Sugar steady. Counti't. Lhm. Granville.. .1,083Dent. Opposition. thoroughly organised plan, through the concert of seve-C*s« tkady. Rlcs doJJ. Ashes dad: pots 29s. LONDON MABKBTf.Wake ..1,659 Johnson... . 819Alamance.. .. 825ral denon inationa, and we were informed that ample funds would be contributed for carry lag on the good work so auspiciously commenced.If the scene there yesterday is any indication of future singing of the Thirty-sixth Psalm.succeis, there is little to apprehend in this respect; but An eloquent and Imnressive prayer was offered by thethe great Sanhedrim sitting in judgment, all;appeared be- excellent, and dancing was kept up with more rigor than fore them. Be referred to the exile of tbe Israelites, usually characterizes hotel hops. The picnic waa one of caused by the inroads of the; Romans. . The Jew went the pleasanteat affairs of the sort that I hare attended. forth into the world, and wherever commerce and civi- It took place at Queenaton, close to Brock s Monument,Lo.n*>x, Jury 26, 1S60.Wheat tirm, and 2s. higher sinoe Urn 20th. Sugar Cabarrus.. . 481Guilford... . 409 ssady. Conns baoysnt. Rice Snn>i * • * sail and on. Mecklenburg. 998the novelty of tbe occasion evidently drew quite as many Rev. Dr. Ferris, Chancellor of the New York University.into the tent as any actual desire to participate is the Tbe line solo, "The Lord la mindful of bis-own," from lization were found, there, Mo, was found the Israelite. In tbe grounds of Mr. Clement. Colonel Stephenson un-usage t Tallow arm at 62a Bd. a iaa Linseed oil 28*. t)d.*"•" **• — N0N-A8BIVAL OF THE ^ANADIAN.Bowan 1JSS Forsyth 882 Davidson »T1_ Cirambus.... 689 I Duplin M M •" 1,410aervices.These consisted yesterday of a sermon by the Rev. Dr.When they collected together, their first care was to build a Mendelssohn's "St. Paul," waa then song. temple of worship, which could boast of the holy pre- Dr. Srsaso arose and announced as the text which he sence as no other church could. Just eleven years be-dertook the management of tbe feetivi .ies, and provided bountifully for tbe amusement and entertainment of the party. A full band of musicians and a wagon toad of edibles were sent on early in the morning, aad the guesto» consisting principally of tbe boarders at toe Stephenson House, and a few of tbe townspeople, were conveyed in carriages to tbe spot, which commands one or the finest views on the Niagara river. There ah excellent repeat.Faaamm Pourr, ASgnst a - « 4 » P. M.fj> j S m p ^ .feather cMan No ligaa of me Canadian, now das w iu I NewHanoverl,410had chosen, the 16th verge of the 51st chapter of Isaiah. From this text, ths reverend speaker considered the magnitude of the work of relemptlon—God's greatestfore he had addressed them in their former meeting place In Pearl street. Two years after he had consecrated a synagogue in Chrystie street for them, and In nine yearstoarpnrii dates of the S6U, and Ixwfcnderry 27th.TV :;K.unship North Britian passed dews at midnight,*»'o,.i to Londoaderry and LirerpoolBroaklwm Clew Rew*.V. •T UJIH—Saturday afternoon, tbe yachtfieerre I Gerean was launched from the mat of Montaguesreet. The rami! was presented to Mr. George W.» Bnmiwick « « Warns l&»to consider the subject at length, and concluded with the following clam for the office of Uto Christian ministry —ywJ. appetizing breezee, good fare, plenty of champagne arbr oi waicn m tne one for whi< lamed. Be claims, as his impro' ixpense of galls, iron work, peak. md a vessel using it can be putMut weather. The danger of ittuiB by slatting of the garni to •earWuger,and in henry weepatent has been ob-t, that it saves thearda and blocks;Douglas Bag, and among its reasons for so doing says that bers of other congregations or the converts of the moment parttcii-ated most freely, we are enable i>> say.of tbe eternal Gospel.The pastor here paused a short time, and then proceedNtfroaa •aailymanageo.Tbepatentrig beeninueefortwoa1 £aafordo"r.Trtth .braro}rears, and baa been successfully tr on several vessels. inridge nag, though Mr. Douglas, up to this time, has EXCmMENT AT FACTOBYVILLB—THB OPPOSITIONalready. | p.After a chaunt by the chaw sai choir as before,EAST NSW Yoaa.—Some of the residents of East New I ork, a ho deem tbenteetree annoyed by the incursion of miters tvery Sunday, and the disorderly proceedings di- fettly attributable to the unrestricted sale of liquors, tended U> the Inspector of Police several weeks ago for «««rs to be stationed in the Tillage on Sundaya. The ofcewswere sent, and have seraefeded in at leant prebeen tbe preference of tbe editor.The Augusta (Gs.) Dispatch, heretofore neutral, nowRev. Mr, Bosoi, late of the Norfolk street congregation, followed with an address in German. He felt happy, ho tbe arrest, during UK' past week, of three of the residents joy. I did not covet ease; I sought a rural said, In aiding in the consecration of a synagogue. Thesaortallty of theis 168, of wnten 4Tcbtoi causes truiw a,8;scarletfever. isthnttls, 6, de- CMer one year of age, » *srves of lasted ntnaai. H i t jrslaad, 84: Germany| •ssBBgk«t,4eaau; trottoad,!.1 Lira AccrosBT on run Loam scuso RAOBOAD.—An>of RtBroadwill be,at one o'clock P. are'Ksw'SttnaAfJohn U s .JamesA.Cravens. itoe,andittoslatedbyresponsible gentlemenpresentat Lastly,ittoHewhocarethformyold are. WhanIlook andinendeavolingtoextricatehimself,hefellbackwards sd,intbecourseofwhich several pocketswerepicked.agreat i:prtnoua. The total numberthe time, that no riotous demonstrations were made,though on Wednesday three gentlemen, named Barnes,Pslton and Scott, were arrested upon the sworn affidavitsofpolicemanAlexanderThompson,ofthiscity,who,withothers, was on duty on the boat (Staten blander), charg-tog them with riotous conduct upon the oocwion to que*tion. The prisoners were taken before Justice Watson baa been changed, hut the promises remain the same an Friday, when Thompson declared hia inability to ideaI^"!****"»sad111children,Wm. M. Daily.W. & Batman.W. A. Bickle. RobertL.Walpole.P.M.ordrboard dve of theirback upon the scene ot nearly fifty years' labors, I aay, Not I, but tha grace of God which was wtth me. The memories connected with our old temple are many and sweet, Manyatimewhenthesunsmoteusbydsy,aad tbe moon by night, and when the dark wing of pestilence waa oversbadowtng an, that waa our refuge. The placeand struck his head so violently that death instantly en- sued. Coroner Jackman held an inquest m tbe case, and averdictof"accidentaldeath"wasrendered. Deceased waa a native of Sweden aad thirty-fire years of age.One member of the lightftngered/raternity,after explor- ing six pockets without result, deliberately cursed the pursuit,andavowed himselfaconvert toMr.Douglas' theories touching slavery to the Territories a hopefuli of brain, 9""«jr. htomtBa, I croup, 8, A cFATAL FALL raox A WAGOS—A German porter, named convert. In case of Douglas' success be should he ap- Saner, employed at No. IB Washington street, near pointed to some post office.to a moment foraway the mast rote of Alabama."ed to aldress the congregation as follows:—The sails will theycan be mo-eBeekman street, and there are very few remaining of tbelarge congregation in whose presence 1received my com-mission by the laying on of hands. To me it was a so-lemn day—a day fraught with solemn responsibilities. My more liberally and generously if possible than they hadone torn down last week by the "Wide Awakes.'' It was renting the open tale of spirituous sqaorsand is preterv- raised on Thursday evening.Christ. To what extent and how I have fulfilled my duty their new synagogue. The JewH might belong to differ- will, ere long, be decided by Him who will judge thel^jwaaas' Caass—The Coroner w*« notified yesterday to bold an isaatst open the bed^ of a single woman, named Biabeth Oarroll, residinagt;1ast No. Ti Hamilton arenas, who died suddenly on Satnrday night from theed that if Howell Cobb took the stump for Breckinridge, he would follow him through all the Southern States.CAXonUTS*ronCOBGSSSBraITOIAHA.—The followingtothe list of nominationsJbr Congress to Indians. In thetablisbment of an independent opposition ferry between not been sufficiently tiled with ths spirit of God: but I prayer, and the exercises closed with tbe singing of the this city and that part of the island. The new company, pray him that it be net laid to your charge. I hare but hallelujaii.grin upon the countenance of every hotel keeper in town. Douglas arrived aa per waybill, and waa welcomed withthedeepestenthusiasm bytwo gentlemen indma coats and a brass band. He made a short speech from tboportico of the United States Hotel, the purport of whichitoktay ttorw.iatupposed. of totempersstoe. Some boys, en-Simply to thy cross I cling.It was he who watched over my youth, and guided me inknown colored man WM found in the water near Gover-lattd at>ay toalot at toe foot of 6 ntth atrsst, on Batur. sayjaneraoon,daxoveredthedeadhdyofan»tontbnrtod to the and. It appeared to hate seen about threeMeansaid.Cm Moautm.-The number of dtoaths la this eity tostFifth district, Mr. Bickle to announced aa an independentcandidate; no democratic nomination baring been mads over seventy fire per cent of the passengers, which fact my academic years. He baa given me the lore and confi- nor's Island. Deceased appeared to be about twenty-fire you have gathered from your telegraphic despatches. InDemocrat.of tby salvation. nently prosperous footing. Invalids feel, aa well aa other At the conclusion of which a procession of little girls people, the necessity of amusement, and, even though to the number of thirty, between the ages of five and ten they may not be able to participate actively in what to years,dressedinwhite with blue sashes andspangles, goingon,theygtekeaninterestinitasspectators, which century before, without success. This was the issue, re- to-night in the thrilling Indian drama, written expressly with baskets of flowers In their hands and wreaths of helps to divert their minds from the contemplation of,'" **" """"* "*'""Wallace,'' and a laughable afterpiece.At Bamum's, in addition to the extensive cabinet ofcuri * itits, sovi ral attractive features are announced. Bryants' Minstrels announce a "Grand Gala Opening"to night, and offer an attractive bill.is as much to be sought in change of scene and pleasura-,410 _ _ 380derive whatever importance or interest they may haveSabbath breaking, alluding to it as one of the greater from their relation to redemption. The preacher went on Israel, and he hoped their new synagogue might be ths was spread in the open air. and between bright eyesOrange 1,012 Total.... ls\334evils ont of which would flow a train of lessor ones that would sooter or later annihilate all the g->od in man and render him unconscious to anything bat the whisperabode of peace and mercy, and that whoerer frequented tt might go away rejoiced in spiritand eloquent speeches, the day passed off most delightfully.M. W. Moore.pend on any national partisanship; issues, moreover,The chaxan then ascended ths reading desk,and, assist- ences, whilst St at the same time eliminates from it all ed by the choir, sang:— morbific sources of irritation.Son" will be presented for the last time daring the sea-son. Those who hare net seen Mr. Florence as Captain 0 Israeli And in the greatness of thy benevolence, will I crease upon last season, which was the best since tooSup. COm. Schools.Wm. T Davis.Board Pub. Works. Wm. McPherson. J. M. Richardson.the Presidential nominations were made.How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob1tby tabernacles, This year the number of visiters exhibits a large is*Logan Clark. Sam. Magnire.Fred'k Munch.Edward Cuttle, mariner, should avail themselves of thepresent opportunity. Mr. and Mis. Florence will, duringW, B. Stork. Geo. W. Hough. Stephen Vannoy. W. Harm.Lincoln.J. B Gardenhire. JamesLindsay. Wm. B Adams.G. W H. Laadon. Ezra Hunt. Arnold Krekel.T. G Fletcher. B. BoernstoiB.Opposition.Francis P. Blair. Jr. JamSs A. Rollins.-—-. JohnScott.Rev M. Mitchell.For Congress the following nominations have beenthe wee r* appear in several of their favorite characters.At Niblo'a Garden Nixon's equestrian troupe comes In bend the knee before the Lord, my Maker. And I will ments of the place. The proprietor haa wisely arrivedDii.1—3. Richard Barrett, a—John B. Henderson.18—-lobn B. Clark. 4—HtjahH.Morton. 6~Jofaa W Raid.offermyprayeruntothee,OLord,inanacceptabletime: attheconclusionthatsomethingbesidesameresanitary clang to mere dead Issues—and with nothing to lose, they for its share of public favor. Tbe "Fox Hunters' Jubilee" in thine abundant mercy, O God, answer me in the truth , reputation is required to place these springs on s perma-aprovement of )» per cent. A rally occurred on theV .s Bourse this afternoon, but was hot generally known411 after the cloae, of the Stock Exchange. The other pendent of all parties. Tbe contest in tbe St. Louis dis- was brought forward by the opposition to change the sys air* eta were also firmer, and there an almost gene-is Uvance m British railway siresentative of the Cnion party, and in the Fifth district, Thomas G Staples is stumping m his own behalf, inde-It was evident that something else must be tried, and during tbe session of the last Legislature a propositionLaw to the door, and thence proceeded to the ark while the cAardB and choir sang:—Btssaen is he whooometb in the name of the Lord!We bless yon from the house of the Lord.A low rumbling noise waa then heard, and the heavyproceasee aupplied by nature through the agency of mine- ral waters For thia reason the German springa are ren- dered as attractive as possible to invalids. MeUical men abroad bestow as much attention on the mental aa on the physical condition of their patienta, and thia is why, per-nr><-k-inridgedem.IlmuUm&em.11.Governor—1858.—, ,-Goeernor—1860—,so doing the history of three thousand years passed be- elsewhere, success stamps the character of the man.fore them. They went back to the days when God wrote Thia week haa been marked by two grand events - a and commanded, and when the pious in numbers went to ball and a picnic The former waa given at the StephensonDouglas "stands not the slightest chance of getting theA German met ting waa also held with some success,and In the evening, a prayer meeting dosed the rullgious It is now fifty years since I first occupied the church in to look but for the preservation of their own.A paper in Virginia, called the tenth Legion, published Intheregiongoingbythatname,has hoistedtheBreck-exercises of the day."••.•i9 Siaten Island Nowa.He counselled them, In conclifston, to remain steadfast in that purpose of which their $ew synagogue was a mani- festation , and not to let it remain without, endowing it150 maj.14,988 -,place.The exercises of ths occasion were introduced by the worship at Jerusalem. The priest addressing them, and House, and passed off very agreeably. Tbo music wan184265,070FBRR1BS—A NEW TORI POLICEMAN IN TROCBLB. Considerable excitement, yesterday, prevailed among the residents of the -north shore," in consequence ofgoes for Breckinridge and Lane.AXOTBSB FLAO.—The Breckinridge party in Lowtll, of the island, charged with riotous conduct on the pre-call was not a secular one. I felt that it came from above. Dr. Johnson once said he pitied the man who looked upon the office of the Christian ministry aa a sinecure. If I am not mistaken, m y work haa been m yMass, have procured a new flag to take the place of thevious Sabbath, upon which occasion several hundred per- sons had.assembled to witness the departure of the five and half past uve o'clock boats of the old and new lines. It seems that for a long time the residents of thatwithcharge, but God sent me here among the wealthy. If I JtwS bad been free in Holland, France and Belgium (but know myself my aim bas been single. I was associatedwith many of the lending clergy of the time, and I aawthat I must work to be a faithful, worthy minister of——^—• —••NEW YORK HERALDMORNING BDITION-MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.THE WATERIMO PLACES,tain Urn democratic electoral ticket aiready in the flelH b divSdlatioually.Maw God bless HisFOCSTBDonaicrOFM*osn—tx SovernorAnsonP.Mar tions. Theeffortsofmanagers to obtainfrom Mr.For-A hymnrillhasreceivedtbeblackrepabttcannommaatoatorOoa-rest some declaration of nia intentions have been most unrewfttrng, and have at last been crowned with success. MrNinon,ofNiblosGarden,whohasbeenengagedin maty remarkauiy successful theatrical enterprlaea, has at length been enabled to effect an engagement, and Mr. Forrest, alrrfori the only Using representative of tragedy, asd by far the best on the American stage, will make his first appearance sines nil retire- ment at Niblo's Gsjrdfln on the 17th of Septembergrcse, in the Fourth district of Maine,Moras, the present representative, was thrown overboard. It to said that the excitement in the Conation ran rather high, and one hundred aad twenty I r s of the delegates were in favor of renominating Mr. Moras.tary. On motion, Gilbert H. Cooper was chosen to repre enacting all of his original, and, w s understand, onetween the Breckinridge asd Douglas factions, and both sent the district In the 3Uto Convention.whtoh meets at hare their candidates, upon whom the strength of Syracuse on the 7tb inst., unanimously. On motion, Wm.The opposition in this State is peculiar. It was the old whig party, and on its dismemberment became Know Wm. M. McFher- Nothing. Beaten on that ground, It cast around for some idea, some principle, some fallacy, any- thing by which it might break down the democracy. Anything was good and laudable, provided it ruined and broke up democracy. Without principle—for theyenter thine house; in reverence of thee, will I bow down towards the temple of thine holiness. OLord 11 have loved the habitation of thine house and the dwelling place of thy glory. • {, therefore, will worship, bow down, andopening of the springs. The hotels and boarding houses are all crowded, and still guests continue to pour in. This Is In a great degree to be accounted for by the efforts that are being made to add to the attractions and amuse-trict, between J. Richard Barrett, democrat, and Francis tern of taxation on slave property. Hitherto this species of property has contributed to the burthens of the StateP. Blair, Jr., black republican, has been waged with un- by a tax per capita. This, it was contended, was an un- common fury. It will be recollected that two years ago just discrimination in favor of that species of property,old «hig and Know Nothing organizations, has determined to go for the Breckinridge t cket In this he will be fol lo» ed by many others, as that ticket Is regarded as theOar. S p r i n g .BERTICE8 AT THB BRICK CHURCH,IN FIFTH AVBHCB.ancients, with the taper at one extremity, was suspended majority, of the cast - that fall under hia observation re- in front of the ark, upon which its never dying light is quire other treatment than therapeutic agents. To manyBon. Presmaa Hsembly district of Suffolk county, in Convention saseo-bled, do exprus our decided preference for John C.Breckinridge and Joseph lane for the offices of Presidentand Vice President, and we will ose our best eflbrts to se- prises, in this his latest, boldest and moat popular coup de sermons) are delivered. cure their election.Resolved, Th*t we recommend to our delegates the use Of all honorable means for the promotion of harmony and union In the party, and to exercise their IntUeace to se-theatre. From present indications the approaching season will far surpass In brilliancy any which New York has witnessed for many years.Mr. Sam Cowell has been engaged at Canterbury Hall, curtains In front of the ark and the circular doors glide 1 haps, the German baths have tbe reputation of effecting back, disclosing the recess in which the scrolls were to so many more cures than American springs, which have Ue bide and leather trade,bad failed liabilitiesX1»,000. Mr. Barrett was elected, and took his seat in the House of and thus increased the burthen upon the small property and will make h h first appearance to-night. be deposited. These scrolls^ five in number, with two precisely analogous properties. At the former from tooRepresentatives at the last session of Congress; but noar the close of the session he was sent home by a party votecatalogue of other attractions are offered.From the twelfth annual report of the Dramatic FundAssociation we learn there is due the association from members, most of whom might easily pay up, the sum of $069 25. In consequence of the great demand upon the fund during the last year, the balance in the bands of the treasurer is only $02 70-oil the other, contain coptesfof the Ave books of Moses, and were beautifuliy encased in velvet, satin and silk, with gold and silver ornamentation.The seven* circuits around the synagogue were then commenced, the children strewing the bearers of the scrolls with (lowers each time they passed them, until the floor beneath is covered wiJi the offerings from their lit- tle baskets. Tbe cAozan and choir chaunted hymns, and as the procession arrives before the, unveiled ark each time the bearers were relieved of their willing burthen by new aspirants to this highly esteemed honor.of that body, and his place given to Mr. Blair.the popular vote for President urns as follows:—election held in Missouri which in the least indicated the state of parlies.In Texas three officers on the State ticket are to be chosen. The Bell-Everett party not having consideredBuchanan FillmoreIn 185658,164JSince tbe last Presidential campaign there has been no48,624been visited, and Mr. Nixon will undoubtedly achieve a success far surpassing that of any of hia former enter-of attraction?, 1 found myself at the end of a fortnight dreaming away m y time very pleasantly at St. Catha- rine s. The fact was that it waa one of those ptosesBetween Are and six hundred members of the congre- which grow upon one insensibly. The climate waa deli- gation (toe number which the building comiortably holds,)assembled yesterday, to witness and take part in the con- cious, the surrounding country picturesque and full of va-secrative ceremonies, which were under the direction Of riety, and even out of the afflicted elements, to which tbe Rer. M. R. De Leeuw. The male portion, according I had to look for society, there was much to to the Jewish custom, occupied the body of the syna-gogue, andthefemalesthegalleries. Oneitheraideof begleanedthatwasgenialandcompanionable.Rumen,N.C,August1,1860.. Hancock Jackson. Claiborne F. Jack- Hie Gubernatorial Contest—Faxt Position of Partita— theatres has generally bean well filled every night At balPpast two o'clock the Rev. Dr. Raphall, Chief the features of an important watering place. CrowdsBrv-kinridQt. Douglas...MonroeParsons...nest. F Maasey...A- W. Morrison. A. W. Morrison.Wnl.8. Meseley. Wm. S. Moseley. Attorney General..J. P. Knott. J. P. Knott.To morrow we go Into our election for Gorernor and members of Assembly. That it will eventuate to the suc- cess of the democratic party I bars no doubt, though I am also certain that the opposition will poll a very heavy rote and greatly reduce Eli is' majority of two years sinoe* which you will remember was over 16,000. The present contest to on purely local issues, of great interest to those immediately concerned, and to none others-, issues that harenotaparticleofnationalpolicyintheircomposition, and whose support, or the contrary, cannot be said to daThe Florences commence the seventh week of their which were made up and determined long before any of summer season at Wallask's to-night, when "Dombey kBen). F.Maea»y.the services, which were conducted in the Hebrew tongue. tion of tbe waters brings invalids from all points of theAMXBJC-lJI SECr;«i"••::II!noi?Centralsharesat31!;discount;ditto themselvessufficientlyorganisedtoenterthefieldatthis haslorgbeenoneofthemostprominentleadersoftbe The'HalfCentaurySermonoftheRev. Thelamp,whichwasafterthefashionofthoseusedbytbe accomplishedaphysiciannottofeelthatmany,ifnottheT e n t P r t a c h i n gBMurwrr>T8.—Wakefield, Nash 4 d>. report flour ad- Attorney General. .Geo. M. Flwraoy, Geo. W. Smythe. The first oi a series of religious meetings was held yes street, In this city. Ike Interest of the occasion, and the To which a response was made by the congregation. 1 must do Col. Stephenson, the proprietor of the Springs,terday afternoon, under a large tent erected atihe junc- name of the distinguished clergyman whose labors it After which the Rev. Dr. HAMULI., donning the talette the justice of saying that he is ever ready to act upon the tion of Broadway, Eighth avenue, Central Park and Fifty- commemorated, called out many in addition to theregu as before, advanced to the platform In front of the ark. suggestions made to him for their improvement. He ninth street, for the purpose of carrying tbe Gospel into which latter he touched with the hem of his gar- cannot, however, go as fast as others would wish him.pews,aislesandgalleriesoftbespaciousedificeatthe thepeople,bereadforhistext thewords,"How nowonlybeginningtorealizethefruitsofbl«enterprise. beautiful are thy tents, oh Jacob,' and addressed them in When he built toe fine hotel which bears h a name PV'';'.siMMt._Beef heavy. Pork dull. Bacon quiet. gress of the revolution that has evidently taken place in yond. The movement is under the supervision of a num- corner of Fifth avenue and Thirty seventh street, to which English. Such, be skid, were]the sentiments of *the sa- there were but few who believed in its prospects that State, we compare our figures with tbe vote of 186S, ber of churches in the city, and is simply a continuation the congregation have recently removed, were filled to cred psalmist at the dedication of the temple. In erect- of success. He was pronounced a visionary, and of tbe meetings so common a year or two ago, of which overflowing with an attentive and sympathizing audience, ing the present house of worship they connected them his ruin was confidently predicted. Only five or Six selves with that time when the Lord said: "Let then years have elapsed, and bis censors praise loudly the buildmeatemple,andIwillilwell in theirmidst.'1 In judgmentandenergywhich he hasexhibited Here,asNoma Cmoinu Etscnox—The following table em-braces all the returns that have been recei red of the late the immense crowds who travel in that direction on their lax present members of Dr. Spring's church, and tbe ment, and reverently kissel it. Then turning to Ho has created the place out of very small means, and 13election in North Carolina. In order to show the pro- way to tbe tempting atmosphere of the rural suburbs be-Williams, President ofthe Lnive ratty of the State of Missou-ri, and tee usual excrclaes which belong to every religiouagathering. The text waa from the familiar subject—" W hat•ball I do to be saved?"—and wm treated In an easy, off-hand style adapted to the comprehension of all.. The work. All His works exhibit a regular gradation, but all more}the present place was occupied. He congratulatedspeaker dwelt with particular force upon the theme ofthem upon their steadfast adherence to the doctrines of j11,263Democratie majority in the above counties in 1888.. 1,797 logs of Satan. He expatiated also upon the results minister, because of toe intimate relation which it sua government, in which the federal, State and city officials*i orser and although excorsionhfS are aa numerous asM ere, the absence of lntoxicatiBgj dxiaks and t h e o r y HOWXIJL Cons on THS STCW.—It to said that Gorernor»«ce of tie Metrejwlitan police Have had the effect of Cobb will address tbe people of Muscogee, Ga, on the part of the island have been dissatisfied their licitude, it also tills me with hope. I know solid bond of 'pinion and fi-eltug.in that district, we presume he will be supported by the democracy—haaactedverymuchtothedisadvantageoftheoldline. denceofaunitedpeople,andtheirbountyisthechannel yearsofage,andwaafiveTee*eightinchesInheight. theeveningaseriesofilluminatedtumblersweresus-i/nd* .smc^B^mi^Bwa)sna#^a»1-L. Q. Dsbrular (lnd.) s^ohnaDartoJCmd.)M. L.5—« sorgo W. •—Albert©.! 7—Ihomas H. Netoo 8—ItaacG. RJco. ^•m^^j UIIF JvJSs waaen^*10-Wm. Mrtenell. U—T. p. C Suunk*.The rexmWtonna have thrownDemocratic*OntheSundayinquestionalargenumberofpeople,Inte- rested in the issue and from curiosity, assembled as stated, to witness tbe success of the new boat on the oldthrough which I have received the blessings of tnis life. Hebaagivenmetheteniaofmyministry. Whenall was dark around me, He took the scales from these sight- less eyeballs, and whereas I was once blind now I see.AocmswALDautn—On SaturdaytostEdwardSmith, a dock builder, was engaged ia repairing the pier at the foot of Vestry street, when hia footbecamefixedin a hols,pended in front of the hotel, and upwards of a doaen rockets discharged. Another speech from Mr, Douglas with s running accompaniment of are crackers auaaeed-atNorth Carolina Unitedtor, baa wrilieu a latter is which he ad v toe*united in that St Ue, and totve the Pre. • O GBBOwTttSK*) wnmsNaT 0*V^ss> JQ8CUBW)MBSW a w Cuastt*in toe electoral college. Hesays —I have myself uniformly advised our political friends,may be, In the metropolis, in order to give the Prince ofIAVOU* S 2 " " * m s f e * °^ tbehndy.and a verdict to Wales a few lessons in style and manners. TJMspehui-comprising many prominent residents of the north shore, one desire—to know Christ as my master. I feel to aay^ '1 jhare for several months been running aOnenewboat purchased for the ferry, and far superior to any before placed upon any of the ferries of the Island. This boat, the Flora, has, It seems, carried since commencing to run,intbewordsofthepoet.—Nothing In m y hands I bring:Coroners'fcnqutestswFOCXTJ fJaowOTD.-*-Yesterday the node body of an un-tify Barnes, who, it was found, waa at home at the tim- of the alleged affUr, whereupon the latter was honorably stocearged. A warrant waa subsequently toned againstpolicemanThompson,and1 HtggertyofPortRichmond, esse, and taken before Judicharged with perjury and ahlueae rmpb. -asset by Bsrnes. and waa committed to jail .though subsequently released on a writ of habeas corpus, giving ball to appear for trial Ths aflhir has created no Utile indignation among all claa ass of tha sananwsMnw nfanetotond. widenjantosnsy ansae rested itself anon the occasion, or tbe departure of the five o'clock boat, of too eld Uae from tha island, though no unlawful demonstrations wereCedar, while driving s horse and wagon through Washing•nay within ton street, tost Saturday afternoon, was accidentally and than a tropical exfoliation of cravat alarms the timidtheir faces thrownfrosa hJjlansjt, and sustained injuries which result. mind, but toe Armstrong gun of swelldom to nowhere toFor thiB reason we magnify the office of the Christian 1The rhazan and choir then chaunteda prayer for the of the total disregard of everything of a divine tains to this redemption. It baa its toils, its solicitude, were remembered.Great preparations are being made at Lewiston for the„Na_tions on or about the 10th of September next. U*bn- event will be a moat interesting one, and will bring peo- ple from all parts of the surrounding country to witness it. The interview is to take place at the foot of Brock 8 Monument.Senator Seward and General Webb were at Niagara this week. Tbeformerhadsomeideaofcomingover tothe Springs, but did not carry out bis intention.1 nave just heard that Archbishop Hughes has arrived here. His Grace is somewhat out of health, and it e considered that the waters of St. Catharine s w:J prove beneficial to him.SARATOGA.SARATOGA, July 24,1840.The Town All Alios—Arrival of 'Senator Douglas—The Bettes of Saratoga—•John Mo,Tis$ef—Improvement in the Hotels—Horseflesh Looking Up—the Draylons, Page'sVenus, Rev- Mr. MUtmrn, and La Mountain All on Hand, etc., dc.The tide of travel haa at length act In this direction,greatly to the relief of hotel and boarding house keeper*, hackmen, faro bankers, Hebrew glmcmck dealers, and the two squaws who hare sold bead purses and bas- kets here from that dubious chronological period antece- dent to which the memory of man runneth not. The unusual coolness of the summer thus far, and tbe multi- farious excitements of the metropolis, hare contributed to deter tbe usual early exodus from town. However,keepingthedtoorderlycharactersWithin.properbounds. 11thInst.SenatorDouglastoreportedtobarsthreaten-theoldferryofGeorgeLaw,and thatinmanythingsinmyministryIhave Afterthevariousaddresseecametbeconsecrationthespaisalivenow,andtheretoonecomprehensive feeling in the matter haa recently culminated in the esDemocratic majority In 1860.. 4.Democratic toss in 17 Bountiesmeeting of the Prince of Wales with the chiefs of the Sin h3,273 nature which was everywhere manifest in our city, of the its discouragements; but notwithstanding this, there is Rer. Mr. ISAACS, after performing the same ceremo- ten thousand temptations held out, and the growing dis- no office like that which calls into exercise all the intel- nies aa Dr. Raphall, next addressed them also in English.Tf the democratic tons to in the same ratio in other position on tbe part of the young especially to yield to lectual and moral powers ef man and consecrates them to He was happy to assist in dedicating this new templeparts of the State, the election will be very done. The every form of sin that was calculated to while away an tbe service of Christ. Kings and princes have no such of tbe Jewish faith—a place where he hoped their great- idle hour, or afford them a momentary pleasure. power aa this. Go, ye ministers of God—so many of est felicity might be realized He pointed ont the ancienttereau, after whose son she is named, for the purpose ofsatingandexhibitinghispatentri^fortorsandaftanils abovefiguresembraceonlyone-fifthoftheentirerote. Thesermonthroughout waa listenedtowithattention whom1seebeforemotoday—goforwardandstudythe and divine character oftooceremoniesandritualwith IbeyaehtwaasaoddledbyMr. Garfau, to Bra and a half Moss CBASCSS AXO ADDrnosa.— A new; democratic by a large audience, the tent being completely n'lei, and mysteries ot redemption; toil in toe cause of the great which tbe consecration was accompanied. Their religionpaper to about to be started to Phillipsburg, Warren no dit posit ion to disturb the sanctity of the occasion was Master for the good of the people; tell them how God has taught them to serve but one God, and was devoid of at any time apparent. saved a fallen world; tell the weary and heavy laden that confusion which cramittd the minds and feelings oftons' burthen, twenty-aix feat long, ten feet three Inchesa* and nan team, trotoet six inches depth if hold, and is sloop county, N. J., to be styled the Warren Union. It will On tbe conclusion of the sermon, an hour was spent In where they may find rest Had my own lot been a teas the pious man. No dissimulation tarnished their fair* IAS was)•a. for4tawriff* 1- Ska trill carry only a Jib tnd nmlnoaU-the totsupport the Breckinridge and Lane ticket,The Greensboro (Ala) Beam baa hauled down theexhortation, singing and prayer, which was warmly car- favored one I would still thank God that I waa a faithful name in the worship of God. He warned them to be-ried on by a number of individuals, but whether mem-minister of Hia word. The laurels of a Csasar are nothiog ware of the same dread Inl'-uescea which had already dis- when compared with the glory of the humblest minister organised religious sects and social life—a false spirit ofreform. He also warmed then to beware of the insidious approaches of | this Influence. When their neighbor's house was en tire it behooved them*?At tbe,conclusion of lhadelivery of which many ofgregatlon wets muto affected,oflnred by the Rev. Dr. Rogersand predecessor of Dr. Spring. afterwhichtheaudiencewarsdiemiseed diction, pronounced by the viConeecratIonofa J DSTKBB8TINO AND IMTOSINeBY BaW. DB. RAPHALL ABB SONDI.Utters (rem fit. pert) Wasteusvatefftt ••*•t-At Laura Keene'a ''Oar American Cousin" to in full tideof success, and will be continued until further notice. Going outside toe synagogue, he knocked at the door and Union, even the most remote. St. Catharine's to, to fact,quick and the dead. While this thought fills me with so- ent nations, but the covenant kept them together in 4neStrange to any, that at toe age of three score and fifteen— — —1ftel the more the separation rrom the peoole of mycharge. Tbe great struggle with me has been oblivion of self.and remembrance of God. Tbe past is gone like the star from the certain of night-gone like^tbe itost ssafcan, sever tohsrenaltod-gons » • « > • « ^m « haustoTonu treasure-gone like the » « J ^ « * £ Wby do I say gone? Meaning to none of wntdi thetatte-Thsy sUUee to God's anirarsa What toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069!f*^^ta*^**#•••«stterwards. Coroner beaten. Posaiblymanningotherbatteries—lingering,itgntohes inehelr absence'But beautiful women are here in prodlgwna force Grareyes that outshine the dawa and tresses like the sight; 8orgenua blossoms from tbe rosebud garden of girls w» t- mg anxiously to be plucked by some hand, goto gaortn>t>—-.... _, departure drawsUntitled Documentthe oldest member of the congregation, then took place.invaluable qualities of the waters, he is toe thoroughlyaccordaace with the facts waa ren_ Kitxso *T A POLS RABDTG—White a party of men were raising a Breckinridge and Lane note a few days ago, to Haywood county, Tennessee, the pole, byfell and killed three;>(flTfantm),•ay*I observe fewer ghastly swstto here than usual Now www.fultonhistory.com '•