 &^^i^^iUX.-KO.2648,NEW-YORK,TUESDAY,NOVEMBER6, 1880.PRICETWOCBirn^'Cttwou MoBday, Nov. 5. ,Bm Govonor, in Us meatage to the Legislatare, , iB Tiew of tlia probable election of Lci- rttattkey r^aaia in MMian ontll the remit Is ,adttrttbe7 tken take soch actton as will li^aie Sontk CaioUiia to meet the emergencr. HeCaiollna flroai the Valon. He strongly recom- "aaaaili iiirh irHnn. infl declares that no power on«Mfli ea> ligktAdty prerent it.Be also reetannend* that the military fsrce of the8latabei«oi(aolxed,tadtkatltbe potin a position la fee annaUe at the shoiteet notice.Be fbrthei recommends that the services of one >a««aiir1 vstaaiecrs be Immediately accepted.Tk*messageiswellreeetredbyallclasses. Z. MAB.TI.Aia>.'BmlatIMq^tektoA*ir*w>TorkTimes. WiMmoM, Monday, Not. S.TheptditiealexcitementhereIsintense. Meet- irare bainc held by all parties throughoat the City, r pOHce anangements have been madere a quiet election.^ha Breddnildgen now bet that their candidate11^ cany Baltimare, bat refuse any wager on the , aaleaB they are giren considerable odds. The laie.alaosangnineofcarryingBaltimore.TheITot*gtrestartlcaUmisoffallingoir.Tka Uaookittes are detenaiaed to stick to their The Pmtritt nrges them at all hazards toFHOMAI.ABA1LA.PaUle ScBtiaieBt an tke IHmnriaaIn Alabamm—Tke Benetlan Caiimting.^.,tabawMl iTaBlaralawtoaanaihaltoe toliMs, excepting eight. The Districts unreported are The R. M. steamship Pertia, from LiTBipool tbe principles of a l' the Saeoad District of the Fifth Ward, the Tenth Dis- Boit^iean ConsBsas %l|.m»andorderingbar Legatkn ta retfaa,ispublished.OiWe have some missionaries from South Carolinaamong us, in the shape of a brace of " cockades." coln's election would not only not sever the Union, printers in his employ ; ^nd to this act of his were the relative to the fonnation of a new plan of an army garrisoned. The Austrian forces in Italy awaslt-Mithrough. TosajsoioBehistosaTagivatdaal,favor for it wBI also b« a force of from 2S to 60 men to reserve atIhare leaned here that toere is a fUr proapeet fora dnel batwaea Jam. Batm aad Cs-GOr. Veen. each of the foUowing placesIngsi tta BaU. aMB.hai oast a Aadi "^^ceived by the Adriatic.The steamship Arago, from New-Tork, anivadat Southampton on the 2Stfa, and tbe Qtatgaw at Liverpool the same day.onrTOO, in «diisl> be officially sigatfaatka~iwipi^dtewbide TUarseaU Legation.l PaUtleml BxaltCBMBt la BBlttmore— >»Mb« AxTa«««aMMa—Prakabto Keaalt inhad proposed mediation with France for a pacific olotton of the Italian question.graphed to the Uarquia SAtno, theIBaaoxmmeB.lows here liberally. Many — I an In the city. The powers at WaaUngtoa >l»akWTsnandeitti to eai^^tke Stale fora^>tt)Ilit by acores, residante of the District as also to the community at'Vbginia is generally conceded to Biu Iry^ilpar-tiea. _______ W. SOVTHKRN BBMTIBCBNT.PaBHeainTlrginla—WeatemTtrglntaA«mlnst IHanntoB—Oct. Wise.koowle^gadtobeoneoftheamstlibend,uprightand ItisverystroDginitstone.to call on the same great errand, as they esteemed it, todulgent employing printers to New York ; freattog It is steted that the English Admfrat is going toi stpuarfian c^Os Ntw-Tork nsus. Prumuisb, Ta., Saturday, Nov. 3, 1860.greattains.Pesclieira are likewise Strang^f****"* They complato that business is in danger of keiog tojnrad by their inflammatory appeals to sec- ttonal pngndlees. They do not hesitate to say that the Union would be quite as safe in the hands of JiBSHtM Lnooui as In the hands of BuoxnoiDoi and Ua adherents. Some only laugh at the mountebank nties of Gov. Win, who they say has got astraddle of his " high horse " again, and with a white napkin bound around his throbbing temples, be is careering aad prancing nn and down the country atwut Norfolk, aeaking whom he may excite to his own folly. Al- ivady 6oT. LnoBaa has censured him and has ex- praawd Umaelf determined to show him no counten- ance if he darea to commit anv " overt act "casion of Ills last effort, by loud cries of " Hurrah for "Common Council, when he was Aldetman of the Sec- ond Ward. The records will show that he mvariably cast his vote, and exerted his influence, irrespectiveCajazzo and the vicinity have been evacnatedhimself"I hate JoBN Bill (uproar)—I despise Jobs Bill.I despiee Douolas. (Uproar renewed.) I love John C. BsicxmuDos and Gen, Lahi. They are the only men in Ihe country worth a cent."The noise here greatly increasing, he iiallooed out:'—"Band, for God's sake, give us a tune 'Hail Co-lumbia,' ' Yankee Doodle,' ' Dixie,' or any other na- tional air.""The band played, poorly enough,crowd dispersed, leaving the worthy hater of Jobii BsLL discoursing learnedly upon "constitutional tight."The New-York Fusion is everywhere spoken of asthe only hope of these Southern sectional agitators,and yet their denunciations of it should warn Northernmen of the danger of entering into its support. No-body here speaks of it with confidence in its result totheir benefit. All denounce the men who are engagedin it as partners in an " unholy alliance." They lovethe treason, but the traitors they despise. Theyspeak of New-York as a community to be ixiughtand soldbecome a " modem Brutus." RooiR thinks he coiiW her power in affairs pecuniary, and in public speechesfloate on the ere entertained thatagainst the Ihilon and the peace of the States. His revolu- fiasary Prtoeess Anne resolutiona have received a odd condemnation from all save a few admirers and backers of the Pryor class. Wisa has not yet gone so fu as he did in 'M, when he tlireatened to rush to Washington and shoot Fniaom in case he should betoindicatethatanythinggreaterthanasingleWard contest, in which no feeling was enlisted, was about to take place.The Fourteenth Ward Republican .^^soclation metpockets of the poor and honest toiler ? Is it because he never, In all his life, performed one day's useful labor ? and that he looks a man as tohere andofcoursereportisactive. Bs yesterday,eleeted. Perhaps thethe Job of assassination safe in the hands of Koosa A. PaTOB, who already feels chagrined to observe the significant smiles of men at his ambitious desire touse the Bowie Itnlfe if hethe thing once l>ehlnd a fellow's shouldersthat he is rich.—rich, it should be added, at the ex- pense of 'he deper.dents of our factories and work-return to France.The JlfonttciiT publishes a degree suppressingthe Gazette of Lyons. The Ministerial report pro- posing the suppression, says :aoa ourselves, and incanaistency.tolerated.j%^^«thA<lAt08«therUsten to Hon greetedtwiih thepriceAre so deaf to the youForkhe-affairs/ TM^^fed ven- strongly'illm*quitealargemeeting,nearlyonehimdredlielngpres-Business has already received a severe shock.caused ent They Indorsed the Mozart Hail nominees, and moment to furtherdecline82s. Tallow has at 5<e.9S7s. 6d. for North^aWisu the greatest effort of his life.He ^keby the speculations of sharpers npon the exaggerated appointed 200 persons to"guard the polls."yourfrom the result of the struggle of Nov. 6, that toere issllghtiy;quotedIinterest, I V'Of pnmtoenee has re-toehalf-crazyEx-Governor thinksAs theeach other in tills State, the indications are altogether that Tirginia will go for Biu, and Evibett. Very Uttto fraud is anticipated, as the voting here is donelyeet as well as by the ballot, so there is littleI for deeeptlan ; besides, each voter's name nontoe bnek of his ticket, and an entry corres- j with the name of tlie candidate of tils prefer-'i'his declaration he has made in no idle orDemocracyare sodividedthe for the South will bargain,good staples, barely Friday were 8,000 bales, including 2,000 to speculators and exporters, the mar-Orleans Fair, 7Hd.; Orleansbllc Fair, ")td.; Mobile Middling, 6)4d.; Uplands Fair,7>id.; Uplands Middling, BHd. Stock in port, 727,000pobUean administration dionld attempt to force ob-jftoxiotts measnres within file borders of the SlaveStates, then thay will resist them, and demand thatto retain the organization.FROM miBSISSIPFI.M.was effected for the election, by the of challengers, ticket distributers, ic. At No. 100 Elm-street, P. C. VanWjck presided, and tickets were enveloped to all the voters in the Ward*.but himself, lie has paid to Jobs C. Matbxr, another Democratic candidate, a large sum of money to aban- d< n the field on the eve of the election, and so betray ids friends and irremediably degrade iiimself.tive inquiry.LiygRPOOL BREADSTCFFS MARKET.really gotthe Ipointand all bresent seemed to be Wide--\wiikc in regard to their duties to-morrow.specu- market was un-ciEBS will positivelybitterlyagainstthey gain notliing bynot Duy more liberally or export more freely to theState o'f New-York, should she desert her high trust their head-quarters, No. 354 Pearl-street. H. II. Hsc- lieves the free citizens of the chief Ctty in the Onion now than if she assert her prerogative, and elect an lat In the Chair. Some two hundred persons were ran be boueht like cattle, by scattering his money in honest President.committing trea- proclaiming to the world our ownout-:tSlfrom the Fifth District. The Fourteenth Ward Young Men's Democratic Central Club met at O'Connell's Hall, No. 138 Mul-;render of no avail a life-time of earnest devotion to S4s. 6d.e3«s. white 42s.«4ts.''uo rrrSngTILiaKAFa.] PoaisaoniH, Va.,Congressthe cause of human and:—the clerical journalsMonday, Nov. 5. .,7** greatest crowd that w-is ever witnessed In thiscitizen to choose, upon prmciple, who shall govern tilm andOn. 27.The PaoviBioii market is generally steady. BixrdulLhattO'-MBd SOOM mattCT or 'ethe m"i^U^tJaLr^y^s"p"i.r'it Of thesuffrages, «to,i00T.27.-WHiAi4rm.at Iso«firm.at«Ss.««10s.Siotch Pig firm, at 52.. 3d.vanced ed. Tsa firm common CongouS^-®"^a-^ Xneaucondi-DayjjaredoingaU marchedttuougbthepitDclpal#all of the freedom you-.^' "„ppolid- the advance cal life? Must they conquer unblemished integrity,checkingbusiness mixed and ;yellowis look-disenheartentag CtoveiBor Pmos and Jwr.i'<Itbor for Docglab to remember thatzation is In the hands of the Breckites. 'The Sumh has notonlyheretoforecontrolledtheiraction,butforra- ing now the bulk of theDemocratic States which are left, she has the organi-prodigality! Moreover, U. is wicked estimate of human nature, formed from as- ..ociations v^hicll it is neo'lless to specify, has inducedMiddling, 6Hd.;Irto-journals;but toleration'\,I'Ic\ asivc rr.ood;their rights be respected. Almost everybody frankly Crisis in the Sonth—Medlflcation of Southernl)y this infamous purchase, Mr. BxxjAKiif Woodhofes to force who have no confidence In him erally quiet. WuBAT has a downward tendency, with ciples were lowered to complicity withmany has so olttn and ex- to cast tlieir ballots In his favor, and so secure his ele- a slight decline. Kicuardson, Spxifcx & Co., Wake- venge or amtition which the cou«tnr"aays, Wedont see why the Union should be dis-solved, and our Interests in in the event put jeopardy,ofany man's elecUon to the Presidency in the form prescribed by the Constitution. We demandSentiment—The Administration in IWissis- All theother arrangements were made,they vote of thehascitizins. Wood has freely and publicly declared that steady, but quotations barely maintained for some itself before all others by its incess^t »PRf^Y"that the ConstltnUonject and secede from an administration duly andconsatuUonaUy formed »e wiU be:day's market ern i2s. ed.-SlSs.shaU be respected, and if we re-GioBSs W. Woodfire-eaters; hear their lioastings of Independence in ing. Tickets were distributed, and a large number Must this man's banking accoimte—hisrected against the much-belied Northern States, and Mattbiw T. BaxsHAif for Register, and John Dnrrrarotmd while these very boasts are uttered as candidate for yet, us,and threats are fulminated, there are direct evidences in the want of pecuniary assistance, in the scarcity oftrouble in Alabama. Theoriginatedtake steps to go out,anyhow," and eaU on otbar:City Hall, Eieventoof each party to bring out its en'that lies in their power to bring tiie people of Missis-bringing »p at last to tke residence of tlielr candidateRioafinn. Tausv - qaiet..at saa. 8n«„—and those are few, Indeed, who look for success as agalnstthe Republicans there. In the meantime there Is qnite a stagnation here, and hereabout, in business circles. The Southern people will not be convinced that something dreadful Is not about to happen, and they are moving, in all matters involving pecuniary considerations, with the utmost caution.Next to the doings in New-York, the people south- ward of this keep Intently watching South Carolina.that the fire-eating community is divided among itselCT^'ere are not only conservative men who, claiming acertahi perogative as a constitutional right belongingto them, demand that it shall only be procured by a avenue, last evening, to deaipiate the electton dis-onchaneed,decrsaselnbtUUoBofXUMMl' .only h<ve, as expressed l>y the Southern fire-— but even thesedldates for the office of Registrar, gave toe name of Approaelungmarket is quiet; pOett •aster, ^lit Aas^jp;, ^KIiMRMAiMIke I«sMmtaTe— As this is the hope of the Sesessionists, so it is the fear Rorihain panj of the conservative men of all- parties. The vote tobe given in a few days will develop the strength of each side ; and, from my experience in the SonBi, I bcUevethatvotewillbesocastastoleavetheSoutli-Bjntll Dispatek to Ik* Vcw-Tork TIbm. em Confederacy men in a hopeless minority. M.onsed, It Is alleged, claimed to have resided in the Restoration of tbe oU paity flMija* nUr for a INstriet in question thirty days, but it tna^tred,ffnagariaa Coutitntioi.Extractofa Jjttttr afnm JVnxUcCerrssyoiUaif,MoKTSOiUBT, Ala., Friday, Oct 30, UM Onr people are in great tronble to know what the only altematiTe left is the aeoessioii of will be done in the event of Lncoou's election. Joat such a state of excitement has never "v<«*~< here be-(oeh auaa eaabAajtrptl^(«Bh.aan ^SSSISSTurin, Oct 21, thiufore.AU Northern men are again looked npon wllh.........Am 3.8H *A» 6,00.4.611 7,869.A4S7 loUisuspicion, simplybecause all Northern men are foundon the Union side, as isThis wlKde qiUt of the Democratic Party was fixed up and determined opODperfectlynatnral.iaBolttaiiiilil groond that tbe Govermnent of VicnslBell," and Hurrah for Douglas," thus expressedto labor and itelet those wito sisters and mothers, who are unfor- tunately compelled to earn their bread by work, bearbeen and all of the abandoned,maybe well for the Fusionists whoand la- organi-prcfent.fining the arrangements for election was ailop'.ed. The speaker expressed confident exoectation of poll-stilt; wito lavish indeed,:national flagproclaim that they will not again get intothering the election of Abaahah Liscoln, and doingall possible good at the polls to-morrow morning an 1ttiroughout the day. The meetL'ig was iaigely at- excli'-.'-ively for success, ills only confessed claim is week amount to 53,000 bales, including 6,000 to;of say that vote whatever way she may, Southerners cannot trust her. Those who (if there be any) would sacrifice Iheir principles to their trade, will find thatThe Brokers' Circular reports : The sales of the tihcal army have ceased, and tliat Gen^ TitMWi-party,principle, but by the desertion of DoufiLAS in his fight,—sippl Senator Ivcrson^ of Georgia, Ex-pounds.vation to the he covets. Listen postfurther, honest FiitLD,Nash &and"Flour isThe Gazelle of Lyons^snf'^QaeadaaKlerenth and taition, by wards, as relumedftrnmoai. SS, aabjaet of dlfoata, lajm to aaat the viM* of the awpta ta tUi the CoMal of tte at the last session of our Legislature, As a part of the State <rf Viasilliil. A BMioritr^tf*aai< «idyDixie," and thelife, that he now asks to be elevated to the post of aadopted.King of Hungary, next Spring.Tbe blockade of Gaete has been v)rtaaIl]rfK-lon^ thelrprirtyand bringing iu the onlyweregenilemen holJlDg pronjinent andgnilty the portion of5^«3^^^'^s^^ps5;;5;:;^s»=s' TF^!!^fll?f^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^!^^gs?^^made is on the"ters, upon the Democratic Party to reunite, to use I find upon my visit, that upon a fair vote, they would treated to a speech. A good deal of dlssatisfaetton isMl WSSfLparton the day of election. The fire-eaters sippi up to their own peculiar notions as to the de- on the comer of Sixth-avenue and- --^WfRESiOENTlAL ELECTION. lirekare no more to say, eicept to caU, by published let- mands of Southern rights and Soutliem honor," but staeet«here tbey were hospitably entortatoed and.PIVE DAYS LATERmix firm, and * sUlht^advaaeedi qnotad m %k S"'LniiM»On,dun,aiiafcLonxnr KOBxr XABXBT.WlMmi UP FOB TIE BiSiT 8nU86LE.by ttefi«TcnMr«f 8Mtt CanUM.BX(3nU8T IN BALTIMORE.,i-,Ctf flw Admiiistration to CarryforIforyltBd Breekinridge.cnnonoif of nctheir sextusnt. TIrgimia,nr iKsw-TOKK.SOUTH CJAOUMA.day approaches, cliangea taking place. The ultimoxusi of Mississippi becomesConsols elcaed on atstrengthTwenty-seventh-. •» s*.«ithe language of a Georgia politician,for the purposebe, as Davis was liefore, outnumbered. As thefelt in the District at thewithdrawal of Mr. Wol»» toTbe Adriaitie at this Port and the Persta off Cape Race.THE WARSAW CONFERENCETheImmense Armaments of Austria.The Bossiaii and ProsMaa Pro- tests Agalast Piedmoat.— wof election there are wonderfulafter the election." All eyes are turned to New-York, modified each day, until now I find, in conversations, though It shoold result to the election of Anamioa T."of quieting resentments,spirit, and in uniting the State In harmonious concordcana are determhsed to run a third candidate, evenMM dMsaal4ki' gaais^ 4WlSand a fraternal infusingconrse in obedience to the Constitution, but there area mass of men who, having no interest in Slavery, de-sire an opportunity to give free expression to their voting. Several members were assigned to each dis- thoughts, which favor not the abolition of Slavery or trict, and ihe Republican interests of tlw Ward wUl the emancipation of slaves, but the passage of a home- be well attended to during the day. If any one aoe-;....;^p^. ^--l^M --^Si ^s?*-:-The approaching meeting of her Legislature, under stead measure, with provisions in tlie territories for ceeda to d«p«<tiac aa iUagal ballot bebales, including 2,000 tothe market specotatatsaaafreedom, where they may—cer on the political body "—themseires become free- men indeed.;;—the peculiarly worded call issued by her Governor, Isnoted here as the index to the action of the CottonStates. When she shall have moved they will act,and It is to be seen whether the body of men of thoseStates, conservatlTe as vhey are in their views uponthe ConsUtntion, can be induced to take un- much time in assailing Northern man and Northern Eighth AsseaKiIy DtoWct Mr. Aaraaw Caan Is eonstituUonal means to procure a doubtful manners. True, little graopf of men get together at therefore the sole RepahUeannoBiinec latheAeld, and certainly barren constitutlanal rlg^t. The out-of-the-way eonnty seats, aad adopt retolntkias by Several of the City Judges, in speaking of the ean-Beyond these, as I have said, there is a great modi- fication on the part of those who have at lato spent sothat he 1* not a candidate toi the Asaambly to theLonoi, Sat&day SvuriK, QMlMf^ Ccmsols closed t»\««s% for moaay^aiMtet'BATBs coma naxm. Conoa—The sabs of the waek to*« ha«» -Terminationofthe bales. Orleans trcs mtiaatr*, *a<4the score for Northern dreulationeaters, is that Carolina will, in the event meant to InWmtdaM dnr nfg I»t» assiinMid a mlld- the Republican cazulldate as Johh H. Karsaa. TheBevolution in Naples.of Lixooui'B election, bring about a conflict between er form, althoa^ they tovaiiibly contain the old H. is superfluous. He is plato Jomt Kirsia.her local and the Federal authorities, and thus by the shedding ofsome of her blood iniiame the hearts ofthe Soathera youth. These, asrcstratned by &e suparlor wisdom of flieir sires, wUl " plunge the Cotton States into revolution," and thns the aim of the " Disuatoo- Ists per $e " may be attempted to be btouolit about.leaving behind the " can-^yfalsehoods which prefaee all sueh manltiBsto**. Theyall state that Lnooui has made " the avowed and un-disguised deelaratian, npon Ills part and on the part ofhis sapporters, that the common Govemnunt saoK beadmlnlstared tot the destmetton of the rlglil* and by Mr. Eswau W. PkAn, a member of the Board of equality of the Soathem States of the Vaion." They Beglstry for tha Sixth District of the Fifth Ward, withNIW8 ITtell us of thethen gaacraOy darottoo of theSonth to the Unl«n-of their kve of tkehaving fraudulently registered his name. The ao-on the morning of the 26th yesterday morning.nit,aniredsila and elo** by ani to allmmanyothertawwbtohUwidlaaata«of ikH,iMrihar awadM tokS^ttS. Twaatteth Ward. The foUowing is the total of regis-ndITha aawi pfJaa L«i«i«mrfhrenr la hi* oanStala,,Betsraad. 2,Ma 13....'.' 788 14 1,088 3,436aad waBbn of Am QaleBVe,WakJ.No. Retamed. 4,501recall of the Bnssian Unisterwho*It lawuiio»*r tha Moida of th» rl«a(ta*«rflia*e ahii in lii—Uj ii|i|iia|1iiii uoisaa and l«aw wllhaul lataiaaa to a a. _ munmaa t Taor y^mn, Oet oa6,0a()7,a73 .10,863 8,143 4,007 6,188 8,1M 7,613ht^^tfi^M d^^al, yasterday presented a not* ta:tl<4il^I:The steamship Catiada, from Boston, vim "*'"•'. scheme, it was enacted that in such an event, the maintain the riaii of HHto* whale toeal aov- Elsewhere we pabllab anoificial list of places for arrived at Liverpool on the 28th.has never taken any notice of the c and verbal representetinns iriiich tba i F^arrimrg thoDgJit fit to make te I*'Governor was required to call a Convention within are invaded, to seoede. Savn, Pann,hoUliV the piHl*,Not antiripating any disturbance, but to be pre-paredfo^aayemergencythatmayarise.GeneralSu- peitotcndaat KaaauThas directed that 100 police- men, eo^u' lslag the detective force and the CourtAffairs in Italy remain unchanged.The Warsaw meeting terminated on the Mth. A ing everything connected with leeeotTaaear, forty days," apparently giving tlie question to tlw peo- andthere*toftheni,wffi hai^be aUe to get any-ple. Whatelsef (Feulngthepeople,causedaooflier thtogdonebeyondt^tostep to be taken which should precipitate the matter Jams BnoKuraa's Administration is more bitterly denounced to thia State toya In anyotker I have'andpledgetheiraidandthatoftheirState, and urge South Carolliui to precipitatebring on a collision if possible, and then, as aof pride or sympathy, look for aid from State*conid not be counted on, except on the ground that a sovereign State was about to be driven back byiliW|irilno<rtoBarebeenihiiiiiIIihItseraeopon theseplaceslargeomnibuseswillbeheldtoreadinessHwutt it wmMnot be asloBtaBw if the code was to convey the offieers to any part of the City wkere liteialiy unchanged.The Coiufi(K(MMK{ aaya: "At Oe g^iplwhen the intervfew at Warsaw gfreeforce. Here in the Montgomery County,(hat tiie Emperor itas received anaatQgngk-^iilMCfrom tlie Czar. We bdiera we an * "if r .te statmgtlut this letter ei^ains Um lutaiJiil^ai Warsaw in such a maimer as to deprive it tt'jBiihead-quar- ters of the Fire-eaters, should the qoeatlai be pot to a vote, shall Alabama go out of the Union, beeaaseCM. TO.D&T.ttaaitera— *••"at Uast/mtr to ms, and in other parts of the Statal^aiiuBlvarwl nspjoufiimSr.andthe politieal righto of American citizens, that can torious, with a loss of six killed and thirty significance hostile to France."of the election of(Nd Abe," itwo^dii i^tttd ifpMCiiiiippiul.coimption,bargain imagined.tale,disregard of yourstilllargermajority,andyetthething andmUTthinkItwHlbe, bytU*!WIMIillMin.cess.Tliat such is theircanfromChargi.The text of the Baarian note to SaidiBia, pro-of Austria wffl find liimadfplan,it beforeEmperorisometimes COBM to wWrtwMh ayJiwfiMMt- < Nosrtkatto*tjilitl*)^jB«J!QiiWL«»liHWitetoout of theiriumds.FROai TENNESSEE.Attempt M Create m Dlannlan SeatUneDt— Opialen of the New-York Pneian.Corrupondence of the New York TimM,MznuB, Term., Tuesday, Oct 30, 18«0.jftk actfrely apentesty or Dishonesty.It to no longer a contest confined to the choice ofmerepoliticalprinciple. TheCandidatestothefield" " hut, on Ihe contrary, would rather tend to cement it The ttttereal in tlie election at hand is earnest Two of her minute-men are here, trying to Induceparts of the city and its adja- of reserve. AU the Maishals attended.mnbe mm,be most seriouswimkatmaiiSbl.Spainitotheexiles by the charter which he has their ludve country.in ailaad warm. It is expected that Lihooui will certainly the sober conservative sentiment of Memphis to belie There was no excitement whatever in the neighbor- cencies, mdebted for an establixhed advancemated at 150,000 men. The Plain of Kortaa is studded with fortifications, and Pescheirs is a&te Verona.Mbe greatly disappointed. Many honest, well-disposed started when the Disunlonists of South Carolina shall people hope that Lihooui wlU be elected, in the confi- tap the drum. Last evening a meeting was held, whenprinters,hood, and the casual passers along Broadway were in the scale of prices they had liithertoThe Opinione NcUionale caused considerableeleetedbythepeople,andIfheisnotweshallaU itselfandjoinInarevolutionarymovement,tobenot aware that anythe great event of to-day.were Inreceived. Other and many convincing evidences ofMr. WiLLiAMBOs's determination to support and advo-cate the Rights of Labor have been for vears presented branding the Warsaw meeting as nothmg but a dressed Lord John Busskll to thedant belief that It will end agitation, after a week or so of bluster. Everybody dreads such an event as tfding the election to the House of Representatives, excepting, perhaps, a few who have no Interest at atoke, no principle at heart, and no visible means of Bot«lety or even existence aside from their political adventures. Merchants and mechanics are united and ootqpoken in their condemnation of Southern pul-about half a dozen Infatuated individuals agreed tojointhetreasonableorganization. UponthestrengthNearly opposite, in Broadway, are the Head-quar- ters of the Union Volimteers. In the same way, for some hours, the devotees of Brickihbjdos and Laxbto the pulJllc throu h the columns of the New-YorkJHepatch, of which paper he Is the editor ander. The articles in this paper, ever stoce he lias hadsole control of It, have been earnest and able m de-fence of the great vital principle of Land Reform, ofwhich prtociple he is known to have t)eenone of the sameThe Palrie asserts that a note has l>een ad- by Cafasaet of St. Petersburg, recognizing the absolute ofrightof this, at least one of the representatives of Carolina "regardsgot boozy,"andseemingtohavemoneytospare,bejudgeporteofItalytherighthired Urn a band of music and serenaded certainBreckite politicians. The result was a number ofspeeches, including three from ^a Mr.' Shilhah, orHiLMAjr, who, being frequently interrupted on the oc-a journal gives reportThefoUowing telegram, datedNai^ea,Oet-ti, is tbe latest from tbe seat of war in Itely.is u»«ilhnw»a <r whoe* toeal tostMattons erelgn^ .the. Governor was oassadalso required to send delegates to meet thoee from for I have not heard the Srst man, wooiaa or ifikL aqoads, shall hold themselves to reserve at the Cen- any other State who should ask it Now it is be- eflea-holder or ntlee swker, qieak the Snt word ^ tral oMce, coner of Broome and Elm streets. ThereWfoTt tkt peopie could b€ Acord, vizlieved by many that the plan is for South Carolina totroops into the Kingdom of Haples.' M. Oato It was reported tliat the Atutrian Qovemmant receiving this comnmniration,:"States to send delegates. These del^atea will meet •Wprd»<mdlnBotttlialnHi!h«itheean*a. Foento and Twentieth Waid StoUon houses. At each ofister at St. Petersburg, toeXhe position of the hostile forces in Italy waa Prince BE OAOAxni iearaa to iiioiniai te'lttli^7SSbiBH ail—lull iilHilliliiil hew ana heraaboat*. In It g;'>»nt»^»M>e aver reeoauaeoded tha Auuhter^^^^\lBSfl&S?SnobBSgthaaa Blank 'ae'- pabUwa. Wfitmat to be coodemnad and ostracisedtheir servtoes may be needed.To the Electara of the 3d Cangreialanal Dl«- trtet.Flixow CiTlZEKS : Before casting yonr Votes for Member of Congress to this District, read a few facte which develop the most startling instances ofSome details of the voting on the question of an- nexation confirm the previous reports that the re- sult was almost unanimously in favor ot annexa- tioD.The Bri'ish Legion in Italy had a smart encoun- ter with the Boyalisto at Capna, Irot were via-tttsfb^ M|gfbytosolentandThe contest calls for'tnllMilv SMator I^«*(*j of OMrgia, ispreparationsprogressforsensation in allan quarters by publishing article,hardy representatives. And way, by which the Union was to be saved. If it In mtod that In no newspaper of this City has thenance of her new allies.The Warsaw meeting abruptly adjourned on theOaiigliano. The heights above CapuLations of the barometer, the Union, according toand the salvation of their notions of thejusticeshould rain to-day,—why, then, there would be such aTliisseamstress found an advocacy so intelligent and ar- dent as in Mr. Wiuiamsoh's Dupatch. Now let usKiN Woon. What has he done to entitle iilm to a seatbreaker of the laws of the State of New-York all his26th, owingof Bussia.isters held a conference on the 2Stli.authentic transpired, but a statement was afloatbe ready to start by sea. Destination unknown."The result of tbe voting in Sicily is nnanimondy in favor of annexation.We read in the Kaples correspondence of tOttended,Theat the polls, that thousand of votes could not beThe Boyal parties and their Min- Nothingjamdeposited.that held by another division of the party. If itdraw the contra perpressThe Fourth WardAssociation met atshi.jis.opinion,however, was adverse topicture.Mr. WiLUAMSos's leading opponent is Mr. Bikja-stayathome. WtdchdiflierenceofopinionweleaveRepublicanfor he has proven that he really be- all parts of^tlie district (and also out of it) withoutliinilomakeJirectoverturesol brilliantThe report of the Executive Committee, de-Under existing circumstancessevenhundredintheSixthWard.Twtito responsible posi- t ors in the p.irty opposed to the one of which hehostilitv andForseveralWysIlepubliranone at No. 'T53meeting D. B. Drviirs acted as Chairman, and a thor-briberying businessprovocation. the Press whichConscience is authoritylessened by the confusion that party s{arit Men- ders between passion and religious duty. BeligTWtwould bePTM**^*"'^?; A*todisunion,youcannotfindtenmenwhocan- zation,andtheDouglasmenofttheNorth,shouldthey street,andtheotheratNo.i(X)Elm-street.Both tipurcsasthecandidate,although,intruth,Bbkjamin TheAdvicesfromManchesterareIhvorable,and sentthesaciedcauseofreligion,hasrednoWatim didlyadmitItInthewholedty.U,saythey,afU- againunite,mustnotonlydosoattheexpenseof meetingswerefullyattended.AttheBayard-street VVcoDhasnopartybuthisfamily,andnoprluclple Yamshaveslightlyadvanced,withalittlespecula- violence.Anacttroufbflierdm—nessbecomeasndnufWrjpatitKayr>e) If mad* in the derkl book.;imeetingsheld,Bayard-bales, of which 5S8,800 bales were American.Jacksoh, Miss., Saturday, Oct. 27.I write this in one of the high places of the bled at No. 68quotedat 28s. Od.'SSZs. 6d. Whxat is down-ough organization appointmentLiverpool, Oct. 27.—The Breadstufls market is gen-if her most respected iHln- compromised that re-the belief that the Sixth Ward would be doubled.pressedThe Thirteenth Ward Democratic Legion assem-Ridge-strect,trade and commerce, and listen to their Uireats di- appointed to officiate about the polls. They Indorsed weigh all that should be held dear in sociil andRed Western lis.food and in the low thecontraryofthemalLStates, as I am told, there is notfor the slave enoughdence that a freeman canForbid it, TrutoSpisitb Tnapimuni firm, and slighUypossesstrakan and Orenlmrg is 4,000,000.xdtwherehibit your admfration of toe which animateA toe^^.^^ DamaaB^a^lt.yUie emmtry,anda.tiU more tion of thtogs is presented.andsti«*ti of thesignersIndependence, and gave and prosperity you enjoy, andof cotton and negroes, to berry-street, Wm. Macai^lkt In the Chair. This was make his laws?:but firm. more do- Baconquiet. Lars,J.o'f Borne. The b«» |?.««son to SaturdayA.Wm.Hisappearancewasmt wrthnilann. His speech is pronousce<L onalltorifubooia, and was (nqatmUj interrupted<with bursts fears of their fellows. A m^ority of the banks of the In the Fourth and Sixth Wards bonfires blazed In no longer any public virtue left in New-York, and American.thattheassertionofa toat if HHlniii He declared before God that he would South are now advancing upon cotton bills due North many of the sfreete, and knots oF excited politicians Judge, recently resigned,no one Is elected to office who is forn^wr^nbmittotliaelecttcnofAmuikmLuceoui. afterthedayofelection. Cottonispileduponthe gatheredatthecomergroceriestodiscussthepros- thingbutmischief,iscorrect? powerful any- Per.27.—ClovxrSsibactive andslightlyad-of Busda is 79,900,000. B»i orders, serfs, petty traders aitd artisans fismiShall the money—ne-At the conrlosinn of his speech the Princess Anne river banlc aU the way from Memphis to Vicksburg. pects of the approacliing day's contest The rain, fariously and plausibly extorted from the poor—now vancedPots,Rwquoted at 47s. 6d.<3Ms. Asaas quiet Gemty Raeotutifflis were adopted, amidst a deafen- In some instances much cotton remains xutpacked in which t>egan to fall about 9 o'clock P. M., dampened be partially restored to the latter, that toey may pros- 288.' 6d.®298.; Pearls, 28b. 6d. SooAa buoyantThTtotal population owerthe nobles aid the higher of traders about 1,000,000. The nobles stilling enthusiastic uproar.this In a season of short crop, becausethetheir homes ora total of 63,600,000 ; guildsVke GenenU State af Soathem Fean af the 8«atli. 0tlUi/»Hdmce of the Nete-York Ztaus.Bupbh, Tuesday, Oct 30, 1680. fStoa ttif point orar the Soathera conn-and enthusiasm wasThe National Union Mtouto Men of the Seventhsell,common, Ss. 4d.®Ss. Od., on the spotS».Tbe of Sibe- popuhiUonthe and field,trate toemselves to the level of serfs wito for success,demand an Lihsssd Oil advance.the owners will notthantMs the fact that in the gulfbut steady. Con On. 32s. 10d.a33s. R'^""The now own. Add to all Feeling—" a mess of Congressionalpottage," toe dearest right of todepen-invest in more sUveatheythe electors of toe Third Mstrictquiet, steady toarrive.LONDOS MABKET8and decUned ed.eis.3d.ad-Tsa ria, includingThe Pariscom or bacon population beyond March 1st Thent.exercise ?thetribes of Kasan,must be noUeed the fact that theDecency!the agricultural associauons "'" °'W.youngmenamoni avenueandTwenty-aeeond-streetof toe poUs dearest^^^'by fiimlsUng Prt^". endeavoringOctthat the BnJsUsbState government and CcogresstonalDistrict, favorable to the election ofare the oneJonlonoBtorepresentCongress,toe saleRepublicanpresid-fires and scattered the talkers toOther congenial alielters. The advantage In numtiers the enemy of all that is reputable and right ? Willwith the meetings in nearly ail the Wards.;serfs.decidedlyRepublican for;21,000,000the District in assembled last erenlng at the hall, comer ef Seventh-formed preceded by atheyband of music, and aeeoiapanied by a cannon, which are now the envy of toe world.themaelvea into a proeeaston,WW reported that agitation preDistrict,Nrr-Voia, Nov.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069s,t>[Ctrmquiet,favor of Got andWAan, many of the Antl-Repobll-Aiday^TuttifgfDow, the Kepoblican candidate.A meettog of the Sixteenth Ward WUe-Awakes.--iiiniS saias.VjMH^fc dtacooat; JhSflKwas held at their Head-quarters, No. S4S Eighth-AnaaicAir SsooBims^-Tks latesttricte to wUch meml>ers of ttie Club should be©40.,assign- ed, in order to watoh the polls and pravent illegalPriod^ of a Eiir»p«u Con- gress Agreed UpMs^mose widaasaka than SfaDnarawettai(iwerah*ldhitha«Cb*r-'r;"^'omniMlposaibiywounded.ThePariscorrespondentoftheTimaai9*.S|p(wm haM to be t^ Wlde-Awaka* ttateaslres.Cones—The sales of Cottaat frntu^several party organlaatioas.We are requestea by Mr, Oscui O, Sawtu to state;S'si^j»A wamat was Issued yesterday, by Justicefor the apprehension of Wiuxui PAuiu,a youngTBman at No. 54 residtogKillt, Beach-street, who is chargedImportantMauUMto of <rf Aostria.tbe EiverorTHB.The TJnited States HaUnpon toqniry, that he had only lived there two waek*. Last eventog the Coimty Clerk bad received the re- toneofregistration,fromallofthe2irdectlonDi«-St. JoBiia, N. F., Saturday, Nov, 1, ) vUSacKviux,SUu )Very little has tranipredrial Conference at Warsaw. Aand thitvotes which must defeat eitherconsideratton, castingyoutkouldto Hon-to Congress. does he ask for It ? Is It because Whyshould rain to-day, according to tills section, the elite,the finely stepping, finely dressed, Republicans would having openly, defiantly and unfeelingly been a that theprincipleof a EuropeanCongresswasLondon Timet:Waids,byBaxASSTuns qolet, tmt Psovisioits quiet.steady."" ^'^'i*' 'tiietoftheFonrtaenihWard,SixthandTenthDie- onSatnidaytheZ7th,viaQoefliistowiithe38tb,ar- udajtei. TheEmperorofAustriaai^ IrMa of Ihe Seventeenth Ward, and the Fourth, rived off Cape Bace at 9 P. M. on Sonday, where Begant of Pmaaia w«e to lemaia is 'iSamtll,Fourteenth Districts of the :she was intercepted by the news yacht of th0 A«- sociatedPress.The Perria has 200 paseengers..the 36th ult Aletterdated4,388 Her advices are two days' later than those re- QAoaBiv, with the Boasiatt charged1I6,9S7givehadTurin, leaving ito aSairs in tbe luods of a ly in error if he liopes to conciliate thetubSuitingkMUy. ma Woon, all of whom are well Icnown to toe old testing against her coaiae in <h« aSUrs of Italy,are AnonJ. Jobs Y. and Bbhja- Wimmsoa, Savass,According to the same conFrench traveler, arrived from Yeiena, c tlist has lieen said as to the gnat warmadebyAustria,inTanatH,(aiI past Verona alone coitfams wifimi thiTiMia. AaipT Bx. WiLUAMSoa, he is universally ac-for their country's good. Threats of a dissolution of his employees with the same liberality, and glvtog Gaeta for the pnrpose of protecting tlte flight of and I the intrenctied camp which ptotaala Athe Union, or of a cessation of business and' them the same prices that he desired and demanded South and when he was himself dependent upon his labor as a North did not seem to terrify them. And journeyman for a livelihood. As one of the many in-would be CUkMkfinancial operations, between thethe King of Naples. 100,000 men."thatitinailgoodjudgment,theywerejustthatclassof persons who would lie most injured by any depressionthat Lin-beenraisedforitsdefence. Tbecitaddcanal- ways be supplied with provisions frtm the mean-Mantua andyet,stances in proof of tills, it may lie stated that when in 1853 business was in a very prosperous condition, Mr. WiLLiAuac!! voluntarily raised the wages of theFrance 20 per cent.The Emperor Napoleon held a military councilof trade interests. But their faith was(if we mightFusionites to meet in,) obtained their tickets, though earliest and most enthusiastic supporters. Again, if Thepublish-conspiracy, on the part of the Governments repre-from the portraits and inscriptions on the walls, although it was nominally a room for thewith a little more privacy than the Republicans In-dulged in, and lingered around, discussing the pros-pects of to-day. They said a great deal about rain.Their Ideas seemed to vacillate between the fluctu- of personal advantage, to favor of yielding right and tion. She will resort to arms with the counte- by tbe Royalists. The line of the Voltumo hasmore proof be wanting, turn to the of the proceedingsernment of Austria proposes to negotiate with France for a pacific solution of the Itolian ques-"the weather and the impulses and energies of ail good maker of laws for toe United States ? Is it because ViKKNA, Oct. 20.—An order has been issued to tested against by the Baglish and Amerii sua ^al citizens to decide. There was no excitement, what- the immense wealth he has gained by the persistent is to say, free passage for ttieir vessels liaa htmtit^ ever, at the Union Head-quarters, and nothing seemed violation of law, has been taken, piecemeal, from the prepare for the coronation of Fbascib Jobkfb, as manded and admitted. Tlie French Admballiftand beyond doubted.®12s. 4d.White i2s. 9d.®14s. Coas quiet;Lethere exposed, to convert toe!— purse;South-the glorious right acprcogrrdeesds,to nullify every free— AtbtaBiSLAn, 4c Co., and others, reportttheor^'riou^dlsm-upon poor atoolWarlike are preparationscreased on the Mincio.was accompanied by the frigate St. Loui*.be used only by Bihjamiic Wood for hispecuniary aggrandizement? Here is an issue which ought to be alone quite sufficient to prevent the hon-iieing extensivelyin-at No. 426 Brooms-street, last evening. The Execu- est man of means, and the unfortunate disciple of The Paris Bourse was dull. Three ^ cent. tive Committee was first in session and then the Fi- hard work, to exercise the franchise in his favor. But Rentes closed at 68f. 80c.nancial Committee laid their heads together in full this is not the only serious question to be settled in conclave. The object was to derive means for fur- this contest. Mr. Benjamin Wood acknowledge.^ hisun6tness lor a seal in the Federal Legislature, by can- didly declaring that his money will elect him, m de- fiafce of public opinion, .and liiat he relies upon thattt France at Home that he has no intentioa of leavingthe Eternal City.It is asserted ttiat the enlistmente fartin^es-callofhonorasnottoregard this appeal to your proper judgment as of greatwelfare ? Shall we leam,quiet at athecauseofthePope. remitted to thePope M.WMWofthe spirit"«, Bpyront B^jMI*atDeclaration ofao- Is. 3!*a.9 60, for Ceylon.Two French vessels remaU wBgForbid Justice itclosing at 3Js. (BABINO)wandering papers publishForbid it your baUots cmsh toe awful eflfortquoted 33s, M.®S4s, «d.i his Elightly advanced.!toto shambles for privUeges of the native and adopted citizen. Let your on toe ex-vancedi^^.^iS.;politicalandhe will spend »50,000 to insure his desires, and that he brandscbn (and will) take money on election day. and buyall the votes necessary to render his triumph complete ward and has declined ld.a2d. T^ cental since Tues-!;xthe intent ofLiyZRFOOI.rBOTIStOIt XABSXT.'is t^tedvague but unreliable report previdled that the prin- ciples of a European Congress waa agreed upon.especially as regards the ""t^iy* of''ing,slight advancediquoted;firm, and holders;withdrawnAmbassadorOoT. 27.Doosy and aeeonit Tta ssy tmOHt isbut than isThewe^lrretDmartbe Baak of Ka|Mri4lMnr^to the illness of the Em- Hevoapceusated. Titbb'8 divisionChaapsuraeceived ordaehrnslltoy DowagerCommercial Intelligence. LIVinroOL COTTON harket, OCT. 27.lators andchanged, and with the exception ofwhich were firm at full prices, quotations were6,S0Otoexporters.The sales onked closing quiet at the following quotations:maintained.Co.,others, report:repudiated.that caimot beIITSBPOOL PBODrCX HABKR.raiaadb^^red,for both bars and raUs,12, sssertingron left on the 11th, It -ntajtl^ forMs.a685:; SoaA« buoyantBeyrout,j;MB New-York Central, •«.     LATBsfluksBTS.linols CenkalSaIboad,SMf[Sy TeUgrmph tu Oa«iai»i itl^MMM9tttt WtBHttOttMcloeiag qolet, iMit steady.7steamdi^A" 3. 3. CoHBTOOK, commanding, from nimlbaijjb^WarsawsaysthataUgoesonagoaoaDd^,aiifikindsofcommento, it win beleanit wtthHe addsAn imperial decree raises the price of tobacco m to form an idea of the immense works wfaiek baasentedEngland with being aand also go-between."Austria asVenetia, aitd ttiat for all addingthere, against France, "chargedtliattheGov- beabsolutelyexercisedbyEurope.of**non-intervantion shrmMSrs. Grundy says that they are gone to Oaeta. Hmthighly respectable female may not contradict her at present.be and I will right,The Pope hasassured therepresentetivosthe Government to tbti would be weaknMS if discussion were allowed to degenerate to mjniiens"found it convenient to allow great libertyto have reals (5,000,000f.)few days,which has been1 —|-wUI beAa-^^ a telegram, dateSiSl^L mj^^f "r VViira-"iaiitS£il8a'ri—'^jrtSiES -i^-iiR-Untitled Document—:-gjs^3«^www.fultonhistory.com 