 contained a ofi- jvcl, roagnJlyiBjf t, j ^ a t ^ , : e e t i i » sr. The traveler wturoi ^^j&fcw»of the rockR,©* i«candeteraua* r>t'the dip of* the bdI:nation, or cx- faora of pools or herwiseinvisible 1levelorroofor>etemperatureof or the ventiktfio* re* of his Davyod a«ain** itoolfof tbo'origia:** n4y wapportedtky 3e it in announced large space ia bis iralHistorytoa 5jwientiSc errors, wick, one of lb© raole iaa*ttutie*, tree of leotwee,timeduringike»a» 'the rerrr«4y. Ingwi««er-pposee thenewohms thorn* lve«»reviewofDar-fd spectre of tho >on witnessed by rrredinEngfaadL- bed op the aCeep k-coaHviQagaof fhwfrieoda, O a y amused them- : the dene* fog *d pouring along XHJt4 o'clock, was apparently cm of hn rays:na of an oval* suddenly ina;formsof en-. do. On raining sir actions were ?» «HWthat the H«U by the m t a. As the mist * vt*r the giganticalmost perfect an, and finding h.H« just drsen- i inclosed in a •fthese objects efions, for the king, is having arestSaraoeaic rin and uned a s achantiquhioe edeposited.iy miles frontcontaining no Miitv, the moefc i League. A* Boman relics, covered la the •tcription s*gn>-of Decamina, :on gravebaa fThanet; it* U of bones, amedals, beads t a number of luring somecame apvn tmeses of tne terranean,Mr. bGovernmentold Carthage, -itb the bulky to have made* ew light upontKOOKAPHS.— opposite t h e ar to it, the reoscopic die- *rtural photo- eirreo. is pro- r- in the sameto need state and valuable*-Accordingto > of phthisis is rcunity which ry the efficacy ii in arresting le tuberculousc is trials to the ing insoluble, nfavorable rei,fromtento im*—eachday ofitassoonas regnated;that g the first de-as arthralgia M.Beaure- ?yaiptoms, es- k^awsd to be-onate of lead. ete cure, and >o, it w necee- irible means.iBritishMed- yrtm in which, colored dipb- >Hgbt conges- a* fceto/; aer- wad nwmbra-:intense en j/tbraaewith in qoinsy; « I" to contendither of vhe With ref- >e prominentThe poise is an irritablet*dow,wav ycoolsdown -in moist and vef has been *type.Some ithdiacnarge iegree, evenhave disap--C>ne of the itina account bodythreeo^ man poi- ^f raedicinal &*me,who oprovethe tents of the;•, exhibited >!J«J nitrate by beating of a grayHivonia and :a^>*^#*Execjfte^^ j nciitin the morning and dtliver kirn t h a t ^theyarenot die*,wecannotgowithhiminthat. Wenausttbow Were the" Italians^ a iwith.t alkali it formed eynideof potassium, from whichn i C r f H I D ^ E ^ r ! ^ wereobiamedpruesicacidandProseianblue.Diluted ier's,nearlytwocenturksbefore,thatanundis- UId'l*TO.|WB>^:M^fanfopd€^ocratfcfor«MofgOTcr^ent,tr»en do they words, rightfully reduced to brutehood and merchan«>cll of prutsic acid, may contain considerable quanti- tieasftheacidinafreestate.adjacent to the sun's path, among twenty-fmr ob- inbothitB near and remote results, do we look for. nent: "Tale counsel, execute jodgmept, make thy servers,whowere each..tomakeanexactchartofall Nevertheless,wearenottooverlook its manybaleful fIacowastienightiuthemidstofthenoonday;hide:O U r S . " .•.;• - :'• -. •' ' :••>••• ;•••• ; : ' • . ; ; . ; . : . - ' - • ; / • • ' . • < ' ; ' . .'•-•; .^.'iXmBT^OTEB^THE^**ro»H«er—Well,$irt whatwouldyouliketolooktl.ese planet-hunters, and to him fell, the proud lot of tens of thousands of the sober; .which makeu teuBof which is eecated from lis maeter unto thee. He B^allat tc-mglt?^e|»rter--Ibearthatanew« ^ . X should like to see that, 8ir, if you please."confirming the sagacity of Kepler's Burmiseand thewiedom of the organized plan of search, of the Germanthonei;nds of new liars, and makes worse tens of thou- eandsof old ones; which cheapens sincerity and sim-dwell with thee even among you, in that place which 1e »hjill chonse. in one of thy gates where it likethhimplace at any required moment, and thus be able to point the telescope directly to it.Reporter—I shouldthinkyoucouldfinditbyserach- . hag in the nc%bl>orhood where yon auppoee it to be sit-uated.Asfronomer—Well,we recognize it as the body we were looking for?• lieportcr—hj its disk. Do not all the planets have dkksfi . . . .Ceres, as to Leverrier and Adams belongs that of the discovery of Neptune. •'"'•'••...••'••••"ing stages of civilization shall have brought up women tar, set irgvaiity, and divkiiig lies unto them, saying, . cdnej-iratdrsj who have usurped tae name and authority thtir own ctnscicncts ai d convictions, and demanded to vote by their side. •TliTJB raith tie Lord God, wren the Lord hath not of Civil Gdveniment; enact theft, Slavery, murder, or tlat tley theold judae for themselves, yes, and of •Andwherewereourchurch people inthelateelec- s]den. Tliepeopleofthelandhave used oppression whateverthe,astheconspirators'termsof theblend- themselves,whatis right. Thug to inuividoalizeandif we should find it, how couldCone«pondence of The N. Y. Tribune.sucn canuidates. Our church people were mixed up with the ahon iuations oi the election, and nota few cf them were dienclcd in its corruptions. (land is the devourer, ii stead of the protector, of the £oor i and tl at, while coniiui;ii;g to devourthem with .aidMonopoly,,and Bum, and slavery, the protectionrecognize as Civil Government that only which .admin- isters the law of-God. Such Governments as do notad- miiister it, and especially the Pro-Slavery-Govern- nente of tnis country, are in their eyes but piracies.pewerful glass. {The astronomer had been turning much needed, especially for the County of Lancaster.gov.cjn.ent.if unsj enkably the most important.iSiccnd '•That religious nidn only are fit to bear civil rule, and that therefore none dthershould be chosen forit..-. This says Beacon and this says the Bible, whose- religion is the religion of reason. In what^sublimely •'elqcnci't and cbmriiading language is it said by the l'saln ist, w?len, having resen'ed for his last, becauee n.oft important utterance and admonition, he ex<-Iaims:eonsociating peoples consent to or be responsible for them, •Moreover, if these Abolitionists believe that the riavee of Cuba and of the United States wisely desire to bring their tad fortunes together, and their desolate hearts together into one nation, or that they would deahe it ii they knew^ their true interests, aud wouldover the leaves of a nautical almanac, while speaking,Ever since the paseage of the Fugitive Slave law ourcounty has been infested "with a set of villains, who paased to copy the record on a slip of paper, and make steal i.nd Fell into Slavery free negroes whom they can, other by force or some lying pretext, deoov into theirand now,hayingevidentlyfound whathewanted,be/.•.' » a r^SS-K;. Sfcfl•^^fl^P^^W! <^$ES^T9£' >••-..$fcj- , y•;•*•'cetrcnoirers called to mind,a conjecture ofwkb; water the precipitate yielded, on passing through*«»olntion snrpbnretted hydrogen, a clear aolntion of covered planet must lie somewhere in the wide ^^mE^^o^U^i 18, I860) cut of the hand ofW$$%&% l ^ j a ^ s diverge from this dear and noble man of God. W o now to putaway^eirautlKMityreligion and. now^to^nrutok acid; it also fcrmed prussic acid on being treatedwith hydrochloric acid and h«at in!a glass tube. The or congjet8 of astronomers was called to assemble•pace between Mars and Jupiter; and suoh an in-tr 1 caiinot Icayo.Jt, to tbe interpretuticm of any wordsterept sprung up on the subject that a conventionpredicted the new planet would be found, and there, behold! was the little stranger. To Piazzi and Gauss,ar d to destroy••'souls, to get dithoiiest.gain. And her free, male and female included) to cast in their lot to- Btit eistiricns, and cut of their debasing and blindingKIDNAPrERSIN LANCASTERCO., PA.ta u T. Tl ty \\ ere vo<ing for slave-catd ing and draro- mjd exercised.robbery, and Lave vexed the poor and ing. Docs it follow, however, from such enactments, 'needy: yea, they have oppreeted the stranger wrong that these Abolitionists recognize these conspirators assf.opcai.cioaUs. Nay,someofthemwerethemselves fully." >eed1addtlatthe<i\ilgovernueutofthis CivilGovernment?- Notatall, Tneydo?ia fact,insulate each man was LIB first step toward getting each man light. > IhequestionwhichJesus'putstothesUveholderisnot " What dees the Church or t i e Bible think of Sla- ve) y ? " b u t it is: " What tl ink you of it—you. your- gfij ? •' " What tlink you ot it in the light of humanLANCASTKR, Pa., Nov. 08, i860. For gome weeks past the South and tht-ir allies in the North have been clamoring for the repeal of what they callpersonallibertylaws,saidtobeinforceinseven1 t««m for a moment from the church people to notire it bcastii gly and lj ingly professes and promises is no Or does it follow that the Abolitionists of whom we nature 7—of that high nature it tramples under foot—. .m•<»->?7(^ 3. ; ^ P*nfewexceptibis,voteforthesecandidates..Iatheir Aslro-ntrmcr—Tee, but the aeteroiie do not show of the Northern States, Pennsylvania among others. mcasuielos in<ondttency and hrfatu'atiou, they voted disks, except under favor of a fine atmosphere and a Although no such law is in force in this State, it is }owei iatohand8 ready to uee it both for refceiring ti<e klave and ruiishing his rebcuers. Donbtlessthese ia- coliiostent and imatuated-men will still wonder that we rl ould lefute to jcin tLem in cclebmiions of slavc-jjotectionwhi:hwolvesgivetolambs,j have paid enough to warrant me in asserting, these tonsi-irjitors cohcition the blending ? CertainlyF.rU .• Tl;at of all the institutions of earth, civil not. Ho more does it follow that they would have tirercecues.rlo return to the chnrch people. It must be con-fen ed tl at thousands of tfehi'honestly believed th-t a brief computation.) With the magnifying power mi tbes. A most vilhiiuous and desperate gang has their candidate would be found faithful to all the claimswe should employ to make the search, the-asteroid would look like a faint etar, invisible to the naked£tptnter-~-Wby not use a greater power, then ?infected the neighborhood of the Gap (long celebrated of freedoui and righteousness, and it must aLo be con-KEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER1, I860.terror to good works bntHo^ the^ evfl;'*/noriwhen'it?^ look; and as •freely of every proceediugia 2the; church mi «t, in all«ircunrifctaiiccs, t-eat each according to ita„ ^•atity of cyanide of silver was about 0.60 grammes, at mSentbal, Germany, in the year 1800, to consider I BIBLE (MVli GOVERNMENT. fKjt tlict the rnler is' ** the'mhiisfef of God;?* or- in os of every^proceedingin any btheraswciatioh*it would rature. So Bhould every thing be treated, and what is^naUng 0.22 of prussic acid. The caselie remarkable woys and means to search for the hidden body; It was faUna the contents ofihe stomach, while they may not agreed to portion out the zodiac, or belt of the Iieavenstltm, the torch was ap. lied to his house or barn, thus tf«m'voted as they diu because tbey believed the Con-keei ing the nt ighhorhood in terror. btlieved the Lille sustains it. I believe both to ne Therefore they could comiiiit crime with impunity,of Israel spake to me: He that ruleth overmen must be inst, rnliiiy in tl e fear of God. And he shall be as thebringing together—then these Abolitionists• should not only not withstand the desire, but should pro- mote its realization. They should themselves speak for thetc "poor, poor dumb mouths," and should ieel nottheleastresponsibilityfort.heunrighteousness which others may succeed iu coupling with the longed- for annexation. .;;....,,,;>.••.-.--........-.'# "Aa^onomcr-^Tle rearch would be more desperate•til). In the 8pringof the year, just before the meadowsarewhitewithdaisies,youmayoftenfindthelittle forupdonedareinformuponthem. Twoofthemwere ag:leuit. Butwhatirbothareforit.? Why.only ingwithoutclouds;asthetendergrassspringingoutthat both are i-o far void of obligation. The Bi.;le as.id flower by diligent searching, though perchance it be convicted for kidnapj ing a free negro, at our Court of ti e Constilr.tioh are tl-e wOik ol men; but Freedom isJhe very first of all its fellows. But you would not Quarter Sessions last week, which may result in the ti«*g)tat gilt cf the Great God. Hence, believing, asutter annihilation of the whole'gang. I do, v i h "l'eter and the other Apostles that we look for it with a spy-glaes, el«« you would probably Before giving a history of the case, permit me to orgl t to obey God rather than man," I mutt insist thatof tl e earth by c lear shining after rain."SuMly none but a leliaious man can answer to thelooknilthefieldwasallaglowwithdaieieebeforeyou biingto-yournoticeoneortwoothers,otnotsorecent allthallgolorFreedom,.howevertneC<This self-application mode of reasoning, when faith- fully wielded, makes the problems simple and the du- ties plain. Ihe Pretidential candidates iu the late election would send other teople's children into S l i - veiy. But would they »-end their own, even if pressedchanced upon one. You need the wide view, whichonly the caked eye affords. In thea date, "where the guilty parties escaped puuishment thronyb the connivance of public officers in hi-rh places. In the spring of 185ii a police officer named KidgelyConttituii >n and the hiLle n.av go "The law of his God," or, inother •woios, the law ofJubttiie, waassDaaniieell's'sllauwvv,,and it shoi lo he e\ cry n au's law, the Constitution and evensame way, in fish-icgforcometsorasteroids,wemustemploythatmug- of;'Baltimore,Md.,andSol.SnyderofHamaburg theBilletothecontrarynotvdtUkindi..g.aifying power which affords the largest field of view (riiK-e convicted for kidnapping) came to Columbia \\ ill tl e chinch proper never believe i.i-the religionAie not nligioas better than iiTeligiouB men ? Nonewithout any warrant whatever, arrested William-pokfcible,conswtentlyv,iththeconditionsofthesearch. Snith,acoloredman,wLileathisworki;ioneofthe oftheLiile? Theybelieveiuitstlieologiesanditsreascn tt naught: If religious men are needed any- Theiigherthepower,thesmallerthefield,ofcourse, lumberyaids,andbecausehemade.afeebleeffortto. vVlywilltheynotbelieveiuitsreligionalso? Oiie-- wbeie,it.ismtiecapacityofti>ilrulers.and ten thousand Bills, aLof My neighbors yotecphilofcopl ies, or in what a e interpreted to be such. just as in the case of the microscope, where the use of effect his release from the grasp of these two men, antwtr is that they are fceetarics; 'that their neuts are******lensesof high magnifying capacity soreducesthefield ttatonly very minute objects or parts of objects can be Inspected at a time:Kidgely drew a revelverand blew out Smith's braias. orgai.izid to u].hold, somet i»jait and sometnatof Kidgtly then fled to Baltimore. tlnee theolcgksai-d pi ilosoj hioe; and that ia this wiseMy heaieis know what I /mean by a religions,man^and tley will netgoaway sayingthat I refuse to•yt-ic for persons in.lees they belong to the church. Iwillgo,letthemgo,andwe,tho.ugnlovingtheUnion, ai.d every part of it, and willing to loto no part, will lettbcm goin peace,ai^dtollow them with our bless ing, and wiih our warm prayer that tney may return i'o us, and with one firm belief that they will returu to u» after tley shall have spent a few miserable years, or perhaps no more than a few miserable monins ia in thtir miserable experiment Of .separating tuemselves3&Reporter—Bow,John h. Tl oinj s^n, late District Attorney of this religion is m general greatly undervalued, and often vote for those who do and for those who do not belongcounty, immediately, tame to the scene of the murder, qi iie i^non d orlcbt tight of. Indeed, the raistake be- to it. But I" aim to vote for religious persons only.and procured the affidavit's of t*ereons who saw Smith coufes almi t-t universal among them, thut these theolo- Believing in the Bible, and accepting its rehiiori withmurde.ied, and proceeded to Hanisburg to lay them j.usor philotopl ies aie thehibelves religion", or at loast my whole head and heart., I am shut up to such voting.then, have the asteroids been dis- covered, if not by their diflks ?fectly the number and positions of all the stars up to a rendition of Kidgely. Mr. Thompson assured me at itKeli'. Ai other exjlauation is, that while the good, ering hiy connection with this Book of Books, dishon- certain magnitude which are clustered in a. certain the time.that Bigler would immediately ^rant a reqiii- man alone is willing to be relidjus, thet-e theol >gK-s or orii g and ciscwr i: g my God-giyen and God-present •raceto-night,andshouldlookthereto-morrow night, t-i.icn. Hefailetttokeepbispromire,'butsentprivate- piil-.sophicsarea.substitutefor religion•socheapand, Vctiicn.debauchingmyconscience,and sinkingmyselfly to the Governor of Maryland and requested him to easy that tie..wickedest man finds no cross.in adopting! into aibch-m. '•and see another star not there before, you might at t-end commifrioner8 (Buchanan and Scott, friends of ti«in. And still another explauati n of t:ie refusal of ...With v.e a religioua man is simply a just man.once infer it to be a planetary body. Such knowledge the aecTu-efl) to Columbia. They came, and. by ex these church people to receive the religion of the Bible, Shew n e a just man, and yon Bhow me a reHgiousis furnished us approximately by printed star-charts, which have been constructed with great care.id that while this true religion enters a man's heart one- T i e more just he is, the mOre religious be is.Reporter—-Tint may not the astrooomer who madethe chart have possibly overlooked one among so terminated; they seemed to think the guilt or innocencew1 at j alecs with tl em for religion. Much, too, might the claiins of justh e and religion, of the Bible and rea- bei ause oi tbe e leetiwi oi~li::coln. That id at the most reryao.td.by these influence.—the solemn influences ofmany 1 i of this mt.n could better be tested out of doors than by theflummeryofatrialbeforetwelveconscientiousandAstrcnumer*~-8jt3iweshonldnotbedeceived,since hcxettmen,underwith,wLoni^htprobablytliakthe planetary bodies are seen to move among the stars, while the stais themselves always preserve the same relative position to each other. If, therefore, we should observe clcnely the position of the stranger on two oon-be Bi.id to*show that religions imposed by authority are rcn, of eaith and heaven. Beliefs io regard to the an occasion or pretext for fcecetsion. Nor will this be rutbi-lyliketooiii'erverywidelyfrom thereligion Tiiiily,'Atonement, Election, &c,&c,havetheir becauteithaslongbeenresolved on.•Thereissome- whichasoundnndeistandingar.uasoundJ.eartmaki valie. Theymayfavororhinderreligion;butthey tl.ing,butnotsomuch,inthat. Itwillbebecausethe n 08t hely and glorious of all earthly temples—the templeotman—thatwetedhowexceedingly noor. ctmpfaitdwithits.iealauthority—theauthorityofGod in mai—is that which is co f.Jsely claimed for tradi- tions, bocks, and churcl es. -AI r . Cheever sees no hope for Freedom, if the Bible sharl * e JLiven to tie side ofISlavery. But I seenohopek» the course of two or three minutes come into the JGeld of view.we:-e tried, convicted, and sentenced, last week, to pay a Cn il government is, in the eye of reason, the collect- all Our convictions, of. what the Bible, teaches of re- bleu isht s upon her beauty. Is it to the shame and dh>- Although the mats, of the yoter6 at the lute election fineoftwohundredd</llarseach,one-halfthereof^to i\epeojlecaringforeachcftiepeople—thecombina- ligionand»hilgovernment. Allthevarietiesofthe creHJitofLislilialpietythathemakesthiscongestion? werefort-lave-ratclingaiddramshopcandidates^and *.'?... go the prosecutor, John Brown, and to undergo an iro- tion of lil lor the protection cf each one. Suuh is it human family aie equally dear to Him who " hath Even if it is, it does not become such of her children to although tl ey; whoetemly refused to vote for men inj arte statements made to them, they .were satisfied, and tatu-fied tl e Governors of Maryland and Pennsylvania and John L. Thompson that no harm was intended, that that the act was puiely accidental, and there the aflUirtlow aie men to emerge from the bmtehood into whicu their passions and tbeir false education have sunk thenar I toy brutehood, ,for auger'and violence and war belong to it, wl ile love and geni leness and peace, aie the adortth-entsof truemanhot,d." •What will be the spirit of the North toward the se- -.through 1 is heavcn-eiilighteucd and heaven-sanctified And wl-en, under the new-creating. infmences of cechg 8ti.ieB,lidaii.ir u>beMV)n.proved. It is even leasi.n, they are educated to distrust reason in the Heaven j he 1 as reached tl e subliu e bight of doing io probable tlat the Skive States will secede—a nan now province of religion, arid to receive upon authorhy all things as he would be done'by, then bus he fullilled and nearly all the remainder seou. iTnis will riot beThe woik Dr.jChee\er i.as chosen for himself is M peiscadetheSwiss,theAmericans,andtheworld,that ti e Bible is against Slavery. Butiar more important, far none hopeful, and far ehorter would be his work, weie i t to convince them that, say what the Bible may, Slavery, is a wrong; and to convince them:- of it bv tari3 ing them straight to man, and demanding their solution o f t l e problem amid the iufluen^ces shea upon them by that august and gcd-like presence.: It is whenthat kil]iiig a negro is murder^ becau-e they would be lets enlightened than the pubho ofitcers.their "iniquity is .full," and the time lor their des- it out. Say "net that my Streps on doing ignores"faith. Say truction a i hand. During ti.e last lew years the South »havespokenofthereligionoftheBibleasone notthat.IforgettheBiblewords,'••Thejustshalllive hasbeenbu»yinleavingnothingtoaduu>heriniquity. escaped, a number of free negroes were spiii'.ed aw.ty with tLe true religion. It man! estly is;_ aid nowhere ly faith." Beadily do I admit that our moraland 1 speak not so much of her reope.niug the AiiicanEncouraged by the success with which Kidgelytl eir own, but are also feeuliarly effective ixx ehutliag" " " cepartol itfrom Columbia' in the ni^ht,. and conveyed to B^Ju- the ib that true itligion preseiited so. simply, so sub- rpiritunl natuie cannotalive unlecsitbe fed by faith. Bla\ e-lrade, nor of her increasingly tenacious grasp ofeecntive nights, or even should watch it narrowly .a mo*«, and there sold as tlaves. . , linely, er so jcrfecvly. Foolish^skepthism rejects But iu wl at inust ti.is faith be ? Must it be, as is gen- her slaves as of her purpose to banish what she can of Slavery is not to be tried by tbe Bible, but the Bible byfew hours" together, and observe it to bave a motion of its uwn, w e should know it to be a comet or asteroid. Reporter—Are they ever mistaken for each other ?for tl e Bible, il it stall he proved to be for Slavery. Only one of the numberevorgot back; he, however, tl e Lible; credulous and unqueetioi.i.ig superstition erflly held, in ecclesiattiwih;dogmas and formulas? herlong-tortuied free colored people, and reenslave the Frctoe m. All tbis talk that the Bibleis the charter.ofgulj t it down. But reason-—tie reason blest with di- ho; but in juethe and goodness. Must it not be in lest, 'this crowning iniquity ripens her for ruin. It man's lights ia uoiisei te. His nature is that charter; \ii.eillunination—thereasoncoupled witharenewed Christ7 Kcinec-e'fwiiilyinthehitoricChrist; butit rirens herforsecession,wLieUiaruin. Maryland,hav- andhislights\rethelightsofLL»nature—nomorenorprcsecuted one of the vilhiius, who. was d'Jy tried, convicted, and sentenced to the Lancaster Couuty Piidon for a term of years, wl.-ich has not' yet exj ired. oo ueheart—thoughsitting,asititsboundtodo,insternand must he in the sihit he breathed,theprincipleshe irgrefutedtobeguiltyofthiscrowninginiquity,willt leti—tveiyLooktothecentralynotwithstanding. Tho Attronomcr—Yes; the very first that was ever seen, of the other parlies concerned in the outrage held office ui;si a ing, wl ile yet in meek and humble judgment, on targht, i nd tl e tin she pursued. In .the nigh and es- we trust, be saved from the fate of secesbiou. Missouri natuie ot a menkey deteimix.ee its rights. The natureCeres, was taken by its discoverer for a comet. [While under Bigler's Administration, and now ret-ide in the ti e Lille, anu decking lor itself on tlie popular inter- centhil cer.Fe every man has faith in Christ just as far Mate of Maryland in perfect security from any moles- j»Uatioi.b of ii, and on the theological and philosophi- as tl is s] hit, these principles, and these aims becomethis conversation bad been going on, the astronomer tation on the part of the authorities oi that or our Com- e; 1 structures built upon it,, comes at hiat to aeknowl- lis own, and no farther; or, in other words, to the pre-means to be a Free State, and Delaware is already cl a man his.substantially one-. Hence they will not secede. . Nothing can be more degrading to the high natureThe South would know herself .to be hurrying on to God las given us than to argue that its rights, stand iu defetruciion were sLe not blind to the lessons of niatory a book, and that we need run toit to.learn whether wehad adjusted the position of the telescope by the record on his slip of paper, and now proceeded to draw up a weightthathungagainstastonepieronwhichthe telescope rested.)monwealth. ec'iie tl epreoninehce of its ins]irations and the truth Sim e then, there kidnappers seem to have made the of its religion. -en, c extent tlat le i« like Ciuibt."Gup," intheeasternsectionofthecounty,their headquarters."\\hatistnereligionoftheBible? Thechurchesheld that ii is largely contained in their speculationscfareligiousmanlovetoGod. Noone,destituteof this, element, can love his. brother as ne should do. Ko one can do this witliout loving God for havingknowitifbutfromthefateoftheoppressoisofHayti. They weie not slaughtered until they undertook to re- tm la.\ e the fiet'—and tl.en ti ey weie.enslavemen.JNohoekpoint*outmen'scrimessoclear- ly , or protests against them to strongly as, their own " nature; and if tbey turn away lrom Hie best teacher, under plea of hut ring a tetter, they wM, in the end,A few vears ago a bright mulatto was abducted fromAstronomer—Clock-work togiveaslowmotionto intoSknery. Therenonwithwhomshelivedpur- *iflylo\etothedetiituteandathLted. Itsaystuat toGodisprovedandmeasuredbyhislovetoman.aad theories respecting Trinity, Atonement, Heaven,thatneighborhood,andtakentoBaltimore,and'solJ -Bell,&t.ButmeBibleresol.esits;ehiatolove,edpe- nxdehimcapableofit. Iadd,thateveryone'sloveRep&rier—Wbatisthat,Sir?the telescope, so a s to bold in the Held of view an ob-ject which .is under inspection. I.Reporter—Idonotquiteunderstandyou,Sir.sAsiroTwmer.—The heavenly bodies all move westerlyacrcss the sky in parallel circles, the stars troopingafter one^another at intervals which always remain the nnd Franklin Bosth k, went to the 'house of John fi(tLcTUSM'-i.d wiuow> in thir ailiiction, and to keep, wotId licens-e the dramehop, that great manufactory of der heart jitied the poor ones driven out about the which w>-*«eOurselves to form; We are never,• norseme. This motion is apparent, you know, and not Brown, a fiee man of color, lidng in Salisbury town- hiusilf ensjotted liom the world." It says, "ite.- mnpcrs and madmen, that great slaughter-house of fame lime tioihthe State of lxmisiana. He witnesses j; j>. the least, to doubt our capacity to judge rightly in real, being due to the same cause which makes the sun t-hip, by th^ pretettKs that they were takiiig hi n for u.en.her tLcin that are in bonds. as bound with them, !>cdjc«-and souls, that great source of peiil to the per- the atrocious cruelties which South Carolina n-eaps ret trd to everything, wl ich enters into tne essence ofrcmn ittii g an alleged larcer ^, succeeded iir decoy- and them whicb suffer advertjty as being yourselves sons aid pn leny of the sober, as well as of sutteiiug ujon her free colored people, audi^iiows them in religion—every'such- thing being entirely pLiu andsued the rtuty into Maryland,-, where ia a few days she " Ooo i» love," and tnat man should be alsp.' It says wa*foundmurdered^.Ilinbelievedthattheperpetrators that"k>\eibtlelulfilli::goftlielaw,"andthat"allThe little handful of uncompromiti'.ig Abolitijnists wheie, both the wie kednets and righteousness of men farther than we resj ond to the utterances of o'u'r eeiug.aieIb.iutdforlefusingtovoteatthelateelection,fortl:is.that,ortheotherpartyticket Buttherewere Baltimore,bntnoeffort,sofarasIcanlearn,has «-hi.ltlovethyneighborasthy«eh." Itsaysthattodo irrtJii.ions.men.uponeach—menwhoseprinciplesand ever been made to brin^ them to iuetk-e. jasiiiC to tie pcor and needy is to know God. (Jere- practiice proved their dist osition to wield governmentcontributetosbajjethatcourse. Inthewordsofa picciousMoravianhymn:•"Heeverywheiehathrule,And all tbingti serve hin might."Wemaj>',andwesnould,studythatbeingjb>-tSae'Hght oithetilleaidofallotherlightsatj^atcommand. KtveitLehss,itisthatwhichwe*retostudy. We ma-*, and we should,have ie«i>*<:t to the wise judgmantaoftheactwerewellknowntotheauthorities iu theLwx&lulLlledinioneword,eveniu"tJLid,ThouRefforler—Uovr the *tar* come andyyp ! There is prifcnment, by separate or solitary confinement, at also in epiiit andscope on the pages of the Bible. We made of one blood all nations of men;" and if the say so as disgrace her, and break her heart by their favorofhrensmgthedramslop, or for men who know . •.'daLS^*.one tJl alone, and three more follow in company. hard labor, in" the Lancaster County Prison, for the u.eie see it to tej next to God himself, the great Pro- jfeligionof the Bible is both His and ours, then are nagrant disobedience, and make no other atonement as law any loiin of piiacy, and, least of all, the super- • « ' .Ti ere comes a bright one. What a splendid crimson! There is one distinctly yellow. And all so sparkling and cl*-ar, and the *ky behind them so fixultlossiy pure.costs of prosecution. Uctoi; and, as is leoaonnble, the special Protector of vdieiB of this State to restore suffrage to the black The fnends. of the defendants are possessed of wealth, tJ e innocent and helpless poor. The Bible requires for man proves-that majority to he atheists. The con-ci\il iiJeis " able inen, such as fear God, men of tempt which that reiusnl pours upon human nature ia which,they did not fail t** use in the employment of tinth, hating cove-toutue**;" men who "shall judge wdelly incompatible with true lehgiun. A man mayIt is argued fh^^^^son, -having once decided that the whole Bible;;ai^a|iB3tliijg.el«<e, is the Word of God,lative piracy cf Slavery, were hut a' very little'hand- ful, nevertheless we are not to be discouraged. This very little handful, even though it shall ueverSncrease, will not fail to exert a growing influence for Froeaom,roids that w : * added to tb* already rich acquiszwonH of•^o him.- ' •• -statesmen who are so unwisely ai:d guiltily ?aude&£ tlie case forbid it to be large. And if I may be allowed, toe»k instead of Nature as absolute authoritiyt>>«fwie ? to speak for some of Uiete Abolitionists, 1 will add that Divine inspiration ci eveiy page i»>'t as a'0»««:np morethe telescope.a, o- *AN Jo-t^a PnoHT.-^On Tburnday night Patri kK&;kryandI»w».renc«>^CHrraagotiatoawbl-tfiy «j{j»tuttholowfropx«*ryNo.IT!Av«nu*OwhmiCurran.wa*niUMi&ujgij•h^tnu ^g a&aieappointed^destruction. 0^d^>^tltir.'religion upon authority, instead of understand-in'gly,willhefoundinadequatetothetask of puttingFrom which crownedwidkedhess hath toppled ;Rrpvrut— WhenwasCeresdiscovered,Su-T. the cause of all "Openthy-.mouth for the dumb mdown,'' ' **' WhileGaribafdiigoerdonless,alone,1governmeiit, when it tells us that^rulerB are^ not^a n-an., Whate>crwords may Bayto thecontrary, wotieoppretfor..'} ^Wecannotniietakethey;|i9»ler(^preDenj^..of,]ei:v|i|> arsert tlieir right to judge for themselveB^as .freely_of whether ahog'is" a hog, a bbrse ahorseV or"* Intfifa'.otter words, acts" on and acts out the principles off God. ncthe Btrange if, fiftv years hence, that happily deliv- its nature thould be leaiiitd (because there it can' *eAtdwhocaiitnistake.it,orfailtobetouchedandmelted ered p*ople shouldHock outfromthetnidst of'their moresurelyleameo),fromitself ratherthanfromany, Another.Election has come''and gone. Much of good, 1y if, when lie Tends the injunction upon civil govern-' ! flouiithiiig democratic iuBtitutions upon "the ruin of; even the best account of it*elf. The world adrniteithat Shakespeare is a wonderfully deep and'accuratemodeI have alreadypointed out. Piazziwasoneof v]|nherdit,ornot heniovedby it,whenbereads: for applying the motto, "Honor among thieves." knowledgeofnan. Andso,likewise,insteadofmak- thout&ncsofdrunkards;.whichturnsintodrunkards 44Tfc<uthaltnotdeliveruntohismastertheservant; Now,tochargethem,therefcriwith,recognizing'thee4 ingtleBibleeithertheexclusiveortbecooclodveex-readerofhumannature. Bat it adn.its tbis because infiuenccp, end its wide havoc of virtue and happiness. the outcasts, bewray jl ctriiy] not him that wandereth.- portiflpucnminu in Anerican Slavery, and should Slaheti eare agreeswith itsown observations of human tLestarsinthespacesseverallyaesigncdtothem,end We-haveagainjuistcdthroughthe.greatqondrennial l;etnincoulca^tsdwellwiththee;bethouacovertto therefoieconsenttoehaiewiththeSouthinthepresent nature. Doe*ittestmanbySltaUesjcare'sknowledge iTEviT'ASTEROID. toemployguchchaitinsearchoftheplanetinthe* Demoralization,whichsinksintoalower.deeptensof themfromfix*faceoftlespoiler." Orwho'can,mis- lotsofemancipation. Theyboldthathereisacase, ofhim1FarmoredotsittestShakespearebyitsownplanet hasbeen discov-astroncmers, by {jointing out a stranger, which proved phcily, by putting high" prices upon intrigue arid difi- IcEt: thou si alt not oppress htm." " >rlaves!—all the slaves! Well,'let-itpassfor.-^uy/'n^. wrcng accounts for tl e sad fact tlat the churchMtronem*7<—^Ah, I am norry to say you ask too to be the one so anxioiisly looked for. Yet not to honeKy; which puts falsehood for truth and daxkne«s I.nced quote-no further from the Bible to prove that Andj pray^douot their accusers sometimes help buy a South aie all Pro-Slavery, and -that a large share"of****h. Its elements have not been announced yet, and**»sue knows where to look for it exoept those whothe civil government it coimnendB is the protector of slave 7 Oh, yes!—but they have never undertaken to tktm North aie also. Dr. Cheever found the like in. Piazzi alone belongs the honor of the discovery. For forKgLt,tnd makes ten appeals to passion and preju- tie innocent and helpless poor; nor to prove how huy all the.alayes,! Nevertheless, does not.what they his recent travels in Swilzerland—the church people iuit.wasloet;in the rays of the easterly udvancing snn dice where it makes one to reason. widely it contrasts with t i e civil governments of thethemselves do eatop them from• complaining of the favor of Slavery, becanse they read t he Bible to be iahave had the good lock to fish it up, and are following Lefore he succeeded in determining iterate of motion' . While, however, we affirm that this iathegeneial whole earth, und especially with the oppressive and molality .of this undertaking? Moreover, would not favor ot it. Lamentable effect, we admit, of theirfc* aightry course among the stars. I can show you so as to be able to pick it up again on its reappearance. character of a Presidential EU-ction, we are free to rcuidcKms rule wl ich, in our own nation,'UBurps-'the-' loll thty act'UBvrscobsvut to be bonght out of.Slavcry n hiritcrjueti lion of ti is precious book ! but far more sAstker.ofthegroup,however. Letuslookoutits admitthatsomeoftheactorsinitarecandid,andsome x:.neofcivilgovernment—arulegosanctionedbythe weretheyto,fallunderitsheavyyoke?IftheywOuld, lamentableeffectoftheecclesiasticalre^mreinooi;jU>\In fact, he took it to he a comet, and so announced it; ptie»thocd and ujtheld by the .people^ as forcibly to re- then, let theni'iirfct become so self-crucifying as to be tuju licm man ton book in order to learn what he isBla*e in the nautical almanac, # but Bode, a German astronomer, declared it could be of the inflnenccs in it enlightening and elevating. But call the proihet's delcription of a similar conspiracyv able to reduce to practice in their own case that sub- and what aie his rights! Possibly Dr. Cheever him-• fThe astronomer here inspected the sidereal clock no other than the planet all were eagerly hoping to see. with all'this, ju^d evtry other oonocivable alleviation, ** There is a conspiracy *of her prophetBin the midst liu.e morality hy which they presume to try and con- selfnay yet become P.OrSlavery. Should he wake upThus it would have been as good as lost but for themasterlyanalysis''of ayoung German astronomer,frightfully lowers the standard of morality, pours titlesstill who dees not see that a Presidential Election tlereof, like a rciaring li» nraveningthe prey; theydenn ethers., . »tcnie n»ning with the conviction that there are words. in tie Bible on the side of Slavery, he would either 1avetorenouncetheauthorityoftheBible,orhavetO;Whkhatood against the wall, and I followed him into aJtelealiningroom,cozywithgasBghtandatove,andk»unge and table, and books und fragmentary appara- Gauss, who, on the slender basis of the few obeerva- fatally with its rampant vices on numberless bodies t) e nidst tleieof. Her pjiestehave violated my law, Governmental action, which shall attend the annexa- • 1 CCt-mt-Pro-Slavery.. I do not doubt that he would-1ave devomed fouls; they have taken the.treasure and oiwickednersthroughallranksandclasses,andpreys picciorsthings;thevhavenudehernianywidowsin. No lesB is the injustice done to such Of these Aboli- tionistsi'Barechargedwithconsentingto.havethefind-have proftmed my b<;ly things: they, have put no tion to each other of nations, or parts of nations, in- renonue e it, even though be should see that he would andl.uniberlcfrssouls. Manyandmightyaretheinflu- ditterenceletweentheholyandprofane,neitherhave cludethesanctionandupholdingof.Slavery, With iLeithynikelimsehasooiousasI,bydoingso,haveencesneededto.redeem great popular Electionsfrom 1eyfchoweddifleience betweenthe unclean andthe theirbroaddemocracyandtheirimmeasurablygreater A*tTovw*er—Principally those facts of its motion telescopes were pointed to the spot where Gauss had 'the coarseness and corruption whkh characterize tbera. clean", and have 1 id their eye's from my Sabbaths, and account of the nataral lights of people than of tne con-foporUr— Whatdoyoumean,Sir,byitselements?afterthelapseofafewmonths. Atthetimeindicatedmaremyetlf. . ; JeKUt saw that men were enslaved to authority,'aa# that their own exierier.ee of truth could alone set:.tiot8 of Piazzi, computed what its position would bel'jtciui.eLt among tl.ete influences is tbe presence add I am profaned among them.- Her princes in the midst ventiev.nal claims of Government, they cannot coneiVthe)artofwoman. Theconductandcharacterrt' thereofarelikewolveslaveniig'theprey,tbshedblood, tentlywithstandthedceireoftwopeoples(bondand tltmiree. Hetookupmenoutoftheirbondagetowhich fix k s place at a certain epoch; so that by usingt*>e#efitctsasthe-basisofacalculation,guidedbytheprinciple of universal gravitation, one may compute its then, belongs jointly the glory of the discovery of n en as voters will become far better after the advanc- jrophcts l.a\js daubed them with uutempered mor- gether. They cannot withstand it, even though the subnicsjen to authority, and threw tbcm back uponthe fact tbattcven the r^wuers of slaves dw, with veryletter than tl at wl h h tie prophet here describes—the are sneaking content to, or aie iu any wi«e responsihlewLcseholy aflettionait outrages—whose sweet hopes and loves it mocks—whos^ublinje aspirations it chokes . and kills—and of all .whose rich and gbrioue relations to eaith and Leaven, to time and eternity it makes no a< c o u n t V " W h a t t h i n k y o u o f i t i n t h e l i g h t o f t h e golden rule to do as you would be done by ? '" u What tbirk you of-Slavery as a condition for yourself—as ayoke ujxm your own neck, by however solemn enact- ,incut* imposed, or however poor and helpless you were /at tl e time cf imposition' 7 " ' 4< What think you of iji ^f< r your elildrei.—loi even the dullest of them, and for tLoce least alle to take care of themselves ? " In a word, "What think youof Slavery, when yontry it by tl at self-application mode of reasoning which Jesustaught?." Could you pin the slaveholder to such q»:efctionc—could you pre\ent his escape from tho tribunal of Lis own conscience,, he would soon cease to Lea slaveholder. But, unhappily, the church has taught himhowtoevadethe\ressuieofyourquestions,and of 1 is conscience. He finds si elter in an authoritative religion, and is relieved by the necessity of self-arraign-'*' TleSjiiitcf the Lord «[>&ke by me, and his word do so even it tne parties who hold the reins of power any of our citizens had tho courage to prosecute any of vott d for linn Adn it, too, will, we that thousands of WJP in niy tongue. Tl^e God of Israel said, The Rock should t.eek to tuni to the advantage of Slavery suchas'the harbor of all manner of desperadoes), and when lebkcd tlat, but for tl,is belief, they would not havestitution to le lor Slavery; and thousands because theybefore "Gov. William Bigler for the purpose of obtai'u- a pat t of it, and that their zeal and contention for tnem Other n.en, ai d in me! surably letter than myself, can lroiii thtir biethien. Of course I eannot forget that AUrownrer—By their motion. If yon knew per- ieg a requisition on the Governor of Murylund for the ] avc all the merit of zeal and contention for religion vcte ctheiwice. But I cannot. I cannot without sev- maiy~ah i, that they are so many—would preferfol-light of the n oniirg when the sun riseth, even a mornPfalniist's deacription of, the civil ruler. Surely none but a religious man can have the broad, mideviating jiftice, tlehonett, comprehensive..care for others, the quick, tender, and thorough sympathy with the poor, helj 1< ss, ai d treddeu-down, which should ever charac- teiii.etleci\il lultr.Isor lesB is the injustice of classing with " disunion- ment. . •Stifleofthese AholiiionitB hold that theNorth isfor, the man-crushing and God-defviag^terms on wiuchit^tb" there Abolitionists, wto, oppoSing by all moraland political influences the seceofcion oi States from theUnion, would neverti.ehss not have the Beceders pur-sued with armies. Those Aboli ioni&ts believe iu liiverather than in hatred; and hence they would be morecai'donltit. Why,then,shouldtheynotbechosentojdlbiOtcdtoblessthanitocursetheseceders;toprotect toitbytenthousandConstitutionsandtenthousand fill the n.ost important and resjtonsihle places in human tbtm lather than to eLeu thtir blood. For my own statutes, and ten thousand iudh ial decrees, • a y o jart,1stillfeelonthissubjectas'Ifelthalfa.dozenyearsaflaiis? Tlat tleyare'not, dishonors'religionandsets: ago, when1said on tie lioorof Congress: "It theyoted"And cay not that I have omitted from my definition and deaf to the voice of Providence. She ougnt to may, or may not get drunk, commit, theft, murder, orGod did not fail to hear the porting cry sent up a wlieh abound both wi*hru and without the,;Bible. Frauds Wilson, Edward Mackry, Sylvester Gordou «rti.led heiore God anu the Father, i this, To visit the ple. Men the?e were upon all these tickets, who few months ago by. the exiles of Arkansas. His ten- Nevertl cless, th*»<hal "Ud decisive judgment is that,On the night of the id of March last, Gillmor Hull, Uii; h, xxii, 16.' It says Uat "Pure religion and uu- for the destruction instead of tne protection of the peo-and moon rise and set, viz., the easterly rotation of the ing- him into a vehi.-le, where they immediately *.ho in the body." It says, " Who ii weak, and 1 am to the fahilies of drunkards, that great multiplier of' thtir tight ""from their oppressors. And all this, wesinij le. Were it not so Jesus would not nave, said toaxis, the two movemexmts will neutralize each other, sothatlookingthroughthetube,younolongerseetlie stars chasing oneanother acrossthefieldofview,asfroen an, and returned to lis home. Heimmediatelyinstituted-suitagainstallpersonsii. tl e character of the God-hllod Man^ is so rioh in teu- derneehandbeauty.'and.sojvowerfulia.appealstoloye anaanuin.tionatitsportrayalof riguteous civilgov-How, tl en, could we vote for any one of these tiekels? Howcouldwedoso,andstillhonorthe Bibleviewofreligionandcivilgovernment7 What!otl.ei'; not again to be a heavy curse, but to be a rioh blfcssingtomankind. •;''.boundless submission to authority, they must receive forleligionwhatthechurches,whoquarrelamong ti<mtehesahtothemeaningsofabook,tellthemistho religion of that Look. ••-,/•inamuledhislimbs,anddroveoffrajiulytoMcCalls hotweak'/ VShois,ofionded,and1burnnot7">. Itpurtaxes,butforwlichweohouldhayonlyshillingB mayfeelassured,goesto"serveHismight"andto thejeople,"Andwhyjudgeyenotevenofyourselves' Ferry, on the Su.squehanna Biver, some twenty miles cays, in short, that the wbv/ld of religion consists in to tie tax-gatherers whore we now pay them dollars, si ape Bis providence. _ what is right•'!" .dietai t. doirjg at> yeu would he done by. The churches make and hut for which there would be comparatively little I spoke of the secefeion as ruin. It will be only, a But it will be long, very long, ere the people areArri\irg there about daylight, a confoderate named leii^i n io contiwt rni.L.ly in creeds, but the Biole occasion for courts and prisons, and probably noneat all present ruin, however. It will result in a glorious wcaritd from depending on "book-interpreters lor their Fisher,whokeepsalow'groggery,secretedthemin whollyindeeds,andiutUeshitofwhichtheyare forpoor-bouses.'Mentherewereuponallthesetick- recovatitn. TiesecedingStateswillreturntous,not religion,andarebroughttostudyitforthemselvesin.earthuponitsaxis.Reporter—Yes, I know; but it seems strange that theillusion should be so complete*Astronomer—The visual effect is the same, whetherthepanoramauponwhichwearelookingmovepastus,orwemo^e-pastit. Ifnowwegivetheaxixofthe sign*Ifknownonlytothemenibeiscfthegang,was Biilereinionbidsusdo. thepoortreiiibhngoneswhohaveescapedfromit; againtooppresstbetoor,hutcordiallyandpractically telescope a regular angular motion westward, precisely gfv»-n, and the party^roceeded to the. Mary laud shore. 2voiling iu all the Bible, save the life of Jesus, and wl O"would degrade and dishearten millions of to acknowledge the equal rights'of all; not again tohi*garretuntiltheevetingofthesarneday,whenthe tienettsuryoutliow. Churchreligiondreams,but ets,whowouldreplungeintothedeeppitof Slavery toheSlave Statesagain, buttobeFreeStates;notnatuie. Iheeducationoftheages has.servedtoen- slavementoauthority;andanauthorityreligionis, theiefore, just what their education calls for. They mustnotpresumetogototheplainvolumeofnatureSufficeittosay.Brownwastaken toBaliimore,and wlkh wasgi^en toreflectbeforemenWieK.'eofthe tltircourtlymen byexcludingthemfromcitizenship equal to the eastward' angular*motion of the earth's placed in a slave-|»en, where he was recognized as a KatJ er, and in wLich the character of God sines out aid the lallet-lox.disgiaceAmeina,andtinderthe,spreadotDemocracyButwepatson,tospeakofanotherinjustice. Itis True hili»< of indictment were found for kidnapping, ernment. Notl ing, with that exception, so elearly and vote ft r men who .would wiorse than murder their iu- that of denouncing as eneu ies of the Bible those of uscorcen.'edinhipa*-dnction,*ofarasheknewthem^jyou do wh*-n the tokweope is fixed; box you gaze at the Court of Quarter Sections hold in the montb of attiacti\tly repeals the genius of Uie religion of the ftoeent brothers and sisters by enahiving them I Im- who believe there are a-few errors iu it, and of de- ~ I close my discourse abruptly to the end, that tho open a motionlew company of Htars, which you may August. Bil le. llow litile the church people appreciate this nosfible, without most deeply .dishonoring that view. nouncing, as guilty of >«tting their reason above the ccngregation may have the more time for reviewing it.study at your leisure. This is the object of the Trie defendants gave br.il in the sum of $3,000, for ulLion ii manifebt hom their india'eience to tue Bible I said wore e than murder—for who would hot rattier Word of Gop\ those of us who would let their reason Happy usage, this, < f haviug the church ancbepttheir appearance nt. the Court of Quarter Sesriuts, to \iew of civil go>emnent. Altogether welcome to have his child murdered than enslaved ? What! vote ixjp.iur<rwl at is aEd what is not the Word of God. tion resolve themselvesiiiithe afternoon iutoa conier- clock-work. But the time is drawing near, to which be held m the; Citv of Lancaster, on the 3d Monday of them woilu be ti is View, and altogether corresponding tor n.en who would use the power we-.sM*-ti>eni Tlcre is a child who deeply loves and honors his ence for reviewing the ch?cour*e tLe> have heard in tho the instrument is set. If you will now sit down here November im»t. .Theparties forteited their reeogua«u»- wi.h it their political action, did they but love this to punish complexion with «ivil and political disabik- mother; but.he confeeses that the few pimples or moles moi ning. Not a litlle 11 its marked knowledge of theand keep watch, you will probably see the little planet ces, except oillmoie Hull and 'Francis Wilson, who religion. tie-! fcuuly, we-could not do so without outraging upon her face aie blemishes, slight indeed, bnt etill true religion does PeterLoro owe to this usage.. .j5 ^<«''period of nvc years and three. months, and to pay the they equally dear to us also. The recent refusal of the than thtir hollow ascription of entire perfection to ••• : • •Bow beautiful! They do not look like the stars we able counsel to defend them. Tbe pro^eocuion was the jeople with just judgment, shall not respect per- lcrie thnself, and tl;is or that branch of^ the human ia hound to rest fuefe^Thit, is sound argument.' But truth, and righteousness. But it may increase rapid- conductedwithconsummateUtctandability,butfor sona,neithertakeagilt,;".4<shalljudge[dojuaueeto] ianily;lutunlessheloveallitsbranches,heiathe isitbound,toresttherealways? Bynomeans..Kea- ly—eye,undertbeDivineMeeting,eventriumphantly, ^iare accustomed to, apparently set itnmovablv in the which tlie defendants would have eluded the require- the poof cf the peoj le, save tlie children .of the needy, Bommufct ever he left free to revise and repeal its own Like the "handful of corn on the top of tho rnoua*^ j ^ , sky, but like flying spirits of light. How the soono ments of the law through toe u-ual dodge iu all such anu break in jicec the oppressor." Of this true a4id guilty enemy of human nature, and of the God in decisions, arid to deny to a verse to-day the iuspirution fcurs, the fruit thereof may yet shake like Iishtoo«.,f ' shifts every moment! Some going off at one side, cate*s of an aJtbi, proven of course by confederates, or lible type oi ci\il ruleis was Job, who says: '.*J de- w'htt* in uge it is made. .• > it admitted yesterday. When I was young, my reasonpaid witnesses. li\ er« d the poor that ci led; and the fatheiless and him Some of thefe AboUtionists are blamed for entertain- (if lesson it was) accepted.,the statement that God or- The public owe a debt of gratitudo to Emlen Frank- uai ln^d none to holt) lim. The blessing </f him that ing, as did their sainted brother, James G. Birney, so cexed tLe Jews to plunge into bloody wars, and'to tor- lin, tbe able Distjict-Attoniey, and to Alexander H. was ready to lerih came upon me, and I cauhed the biiall a lope that the voters of our country will bring ture innocent women and children. But now it docs 1 love to sit and Vatch them sail along;, to count thorn Hoed, esq., who assisted him in the prosecution, for widow's heart to sing for joy. I put on righteousuess, Shsveiy to a peaceful end through the ballot-box. Their not, and does n o because it has, as I believe, become moie enlightened. It now. refuses to regard the loving' From Punch. •;' ••'•'•"&$&0 THE TWO KINGS A T TRANPJOCTOBER 25, I860.VICTOR and Garibaldi, side by aider*The crowned King ,aud the c^^les8--hajadinhand, /' • },'Neaththeblueskyofthj^regenerateland,Silent, mid shouting thowmds, Do, tboy-ride! Not many royal bands^> P»re of guilt, ^JP.,,As to be laid with^," at stuiuless palm, \iv Hornywithgnvrff '«•fahiiliarhilt*-iNot many rjar5" looks could brave tbe calm Of those de*«**t»d and unwavering oyee,Fearfu>°r terrible, as ruth orwar %. u^for lights them. Bide on, to tbe cries !Long live Italy!" while, near and fer,good:men'B hopes bless thine investiture, Honest King-maker, of an honest King,And pray thy work wav stand, till rooted sure, In s| ite of friends that as tbe ivy cling, Stiflmff;with')wiut^..'«^/,chat showsKkeSpring. A * """• ." • Ride on, Victor Emanuel to the thronewhile othersare coming on at the opposite. Astronomer-.Jee; when wearied with calculations^m they pass; tooo\apare their luster, so various; to wiping out a portion of the notorious " Gap Gang." and it clothed n.e; ray judgment was as a robe and a little faith in the+e voters is construed into evidence of1 admire and contrast tixdr hues, and remember that eachone^—smallasweDasgt%at—isavastglobe,andnotIt is to be hoped that the conviction of these fellows chidem. I' was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to tl.eir want of faith in God. But more properly mightFather as an arbitrary, revengeful, bloody, pagan deity.- '•:,*.- iGoodandwisemen(andIadmitthatboththisage1 aid former ages are on their side) call on us to abandon: our claim for the ceaseless free play of reason upon-thel tageeoftheBible, So,too,diatneagescallonGali-fry*, only, but a mighty adk-the center, doubtL*a, of a wifi know them no longer. . "group of globes analagous v>\0 r phtnetary system. A respectable farmer for whom John Brown labored,willstriketerroramongtherestofthevilliausyetat lar*f. Tbecommunitywhichhasknownthornsolongthe lame. IwaBafutlicjrtothepoor,andthecause littiefaithinsuchofthesevotersaslovetocastPro- which1knewnotIsearchedout. AndI brakethe Slaveryanddram-shopvoteebeconstruedintowantof jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his faith in the Devil. Our speeches, and writings for a teeth:" •'" , ;*& •;.. , quarter of a century show that we look for a speedyteimiiiation of American Slavery. But our growingi«jh'uat&iuedfructtirtt,otoiwv<jundtwortbn,hadou»«»yen«3rr ' and hi» n*tt»u»Mt w , „ IOOK.HI np to anvwer.wfctkTiuteaifated,onThur^^ymorniurt«U frotn tbeyardintoand instructive. When Sir William Hsnefaol, theautuxn, *ud Wa. <irowiit<L •a&i body waft rooovcrod, uad OUBl'.eHSwhkh tneyhaveprescribed; to turnaside;theawaypeaceablyasystemofSlaverysoinwpv^"»-»",-»»"evenourinvestigationsof[theBible. Wedarenot80<!Uour,-with'J&MmJ^inTerrBc^erffr'ihlfdeqnate ul^O to the maiutenance of there. At all times and in all places wo umst let it de-AsVro\wmer-January 1, lS01~f^rhaw» the grandest )y RouxffJ otit. und bJj»*>o*5y K'«?-'il)y polv«riir,nd. H«i wa^ taken pif-L-e-£gH*vjm& ar d i lead tho cause of the poor anaTakes hisJar-higher throne, and nobler crown!opening of the grandest century in the world's factory.Tbe b a W di's^erer was Ptozi, fii P^rmo, S.ciiy. The history of this discovery is highly interesting" hold it in ahoyancr'; nor disicluim itij supremacy ovenA SAinoa D.IOWN«)..—•Kichttna. Higgins, aaallJi-, 'Let the oppreWd gofroe: brcalTevery yoke, i Tt democratic institutions. The, religious of thowqrld, cjidewhaiisthjS,Wor4.of God. If Dr. Cheover makew VmtJLVxtratla 1781/ hroo^bt to Kght a new phmet, Uraau»;Ccrwa».«r Jucfciaen held uo inqoc'Jt thcreoa.^k_www.fultonhistory.com.V.J'L'*V';^w>TMy^:*-*Wlt.'^. J/. ..'' -.»«HV'.-li •frJ^S•/r.'&rtt.'.li;-..-irit., k i.-i. •: .i.'-i«.. wmSi</**fe'5i^^': '• '•: ^V''"i-•.'. ' '<2,i,k<*to Hadwui: Ho»f Uai,beloRgiog to t h a »»hi;» Orient, lyiuir ?»t Pier Ho i Ka*t 1(1 v»r,i lor iUd, M ,000ba*b,•»«»Co*n* arm *tl3i«U3ctt&U-:limalwaysprined when I'hear Christianspraise fear,inthelightofourgrowiugknowledgeorAmen-Reporter—It inallwondehut Howma»y ? deservesah<ogreatcreditforbringingtheseramiestoTbere it is! there it is! How s\all t A; little round justice, for dcin'g which, (since their arrest,) lie has had ceitain }-erbons as great statesmen. Great statesmea cjin voters, ic<, tlat the tennhiaiion will be violent in leo to abandon his belief that the world moves. Buthis barn der-troyed by lire, supposed to have been done thty ait—not because: tbey care for the poor, for tboy stead of peaceful. It will come in some way in God' disk, scarcely bigger than a brighCs^, How pale its by Francis Wilson, one of tlie defendants. Shortly uni old Btatule* and execute deeiees for. enslaving and pitA ideiiie, and it will come soon. But to say that be- luster is I • before the fire broke out; be was seen riding in the vi- cit^hing the po« i—hut because tley have talents and cause we doubt its coning in the bloddl<5SBaud desirend {Tie astronomer here swings the pendulum, and cinity on horseback; the horte was trucked to the learning, and talk ingeniously and eloquently aboui vay, we doubt His providence, and have a reduced «ie little planet that was gliding acTOHaXe. field so Utrn, and froia thence to. the premises of its owner, bunks and taring and internal improvements,, and prate f. ith. in•Himself, in to do us a groundless and'a grea.Galileo has come to be justified j.aiid «o also will they" who, in oppobition to tne world—both the present "toad thepast world—<hum that'even<tbe Bible itself; does ue^ er, at any period of bi»lifejfall without the juris- diction of any man'fl reasoh. ThereIs great astonish-5 Fment that the church BOdreaded theiufluenw of astron- l>eantiful1y under my eye k suddenly lureHeVjm its ut the next Court to be held in and for the County of CL> trial« nore ChrisVian, tley would secmorc true WTOi:g. - ' ••;':;: "' ..' • .;. v .._,- omy upon the Bible; but there will be greater that iwho was arrested and is now under bonds to appear cum ingly and wiuninglv of human rights. Were these ;course, and'stands motionlefs.j v Cle*ter, in the Borough of Westchester, to answer, r-talc-n-iaifrhip in that noble ruler who " was. a father- It in very true that our hope of-seeing Shivery votod so dretided the influence of reason upon it. The kleaAstronomer—That, Sir,hCeros,thefirstoftheastK•whereitishoped,if:guilty,justicewillbemetedout totleToor.'thariinthesumtotalofthose..-»bam to'deathib.small. Thisiwastrueac«thatthefactsin inbothcatcsiBexplainedbyitsfoclishJyregardiu«^a_For the reason that it 1 ^kBupon^ the c.vd ruler a^ 1the piotectcr of the needy, the Bible says to him: not, only do they apprehend ti at a people who receive to be qistationed tb«h the exisv^ce of che sun.niceunrighteousdecreesandthatwrite,griev- that decreeUntitled Documentbeing autl.ori i y religious, hurmonizo willi monarchies it tin h fupienidy jintl finally upon the Bit le Whether and despotisms. Ii peoples who are swayed by them imiuoi'talmuncftnherightiuJQy enslaved; or, in otherWaaAT^ptietOlwarn*v~*i4.:••V"<- •'.for tl tm. But would tl ey have done so, nad it bmyneighbbrs'childten,whomthesecandidatespro- pqsed to send iuto-Slaveiy ? • . . „Tie sincere and sell-sacrificing John JBroyra wag adjudged worthy of death, io-ause be would put werqons into the handu of slaves wherewith to defend themselves in their flight from Slavery. But Would not his judges, aye, and the famous Liarper'8 Ferry Comn iltte a t « , were they in Slavery, weloomo such a cer vi« e ? Such am my own etbics and educa- tion that I had rather live a *d die in Slavery than Bhedlowing the secedeis with curses and guns._ Ob, how bh cd to etcare from it. But had they?Divine Providence has its. coursein the SouthernStatesaswellaselsewhere;andthereaswe'll.aselse- beaittohearneither. Thereianosafetyforusanyover the eaiti, but to honor the one and extend the for thtir lekgion. but. with bln.d faith in others, and;Weadjos^^at we caqj>^ hou*«vly deny that we pj^jwer-oui;ieascnfinalaSvitciiuallouriuvestigaUons-«IrW&.eenasr-:• i' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 