In Gennuiy, wooden rtOway bridges are not •Itowad by the oflSdil •dmlnlatratio'i o: raiiwkr"- The win* of OmoH and oU-cske oI' a crop of ZJBOOfiOb balM of^cot'On ii estimated ai $106,177,-''*""JB»«r wadifias Into Ice, its oiyata's crosafor Interested and with some ahow own free will, aUsglaace to a Klngwho does aat re- sMs oalT npon aa adhereeee to (his prlaelpls. It op theifraierotftiy. As soKrwna an thatCpaaUrd rooad oat this, plalB soaie natteis wMefe nqolnd ataeidattaa. Imydltioa, upon this Ulle hat In ei It Is ip UagSBh>eet.aaeh albir Ujectspatent office, with its weeklybefore him, irrespective of all co.siderat.onsthe intrinsic value or interest of the thmgs tobestate of wasnet anticipated, I wll) raataia «• 'af 60°. and enlarse the balk Mwiy B— cvjft< with inch foice ai to explodeNEWARK.thingssay, by tbe far-seeing aB(actty of TridiiaM^ ntria171 in Sardinia107 in Sazony;ef Prc« 9IasOD.nglMfences, distributing prises la art and setenee, no less than organizing and suatalnlng the military force and the police system.Ob tbe oUbt of the SOth, Bologna was brilUastlT Il- of extensive literary and Mliilatry of Turin. It la confidently expected thatand, what b of great im- in this connection, ample means. TheIts cbaiacer.TheTHE CBtUQCI lUPBOTBlfnT iPKItrlATlOW—A RI-OV TB«IBea.and pieces of aitiUerr. PAinm'—The number iiaaed during 18*8 wasdeptaladMftc^^ something like a proptaetie Inspiratloa the pseaUwncka,Ug^intbthee iVntFin the Doited BUteaFLT TIMIE.MMIn OreaWBdUis; 1,890 The703 in Aus-ofthe Engxneer,Is Mr. E.r< C^sections] divlsfcn: gnldaace; 1,406 in Bdginm;afcieniific ncquiren.ciit.,:•which £iaoce annually about 850.000 ton. of on iron and steel, and many others.in an ordinary year, U HatlTO Iron has been discovered to but jerytions are made In the name of His Majesty the King. steamer via Halifax, N. B. S'nce then, a very later- should fge brought against your paper, and at so. It Is aatarlal to dlsdngolsh feetweea tha faaatieal thereby,The ai my wears the Sardinian uniform. In every estlng account of this most singular fish has been least ascertain who it was outside of your editorial and the Chriskan sairit. When beeomsfit requisiteJnm, t^ Talne of which,The acting.Editor in chief b Hr. Znuji OOL- Btrut, an American gentleman, well-known to theof the IMfeet.paiUand in Canaan, Conn., there ex-with Mr. A. L. Hollit of a Euroftan RaUvoayt,Chlrlqol in your City.for thepersoiuCrystal" withinthenexttendays. Aoiuverram. R.W.R.When Elissbsth Fxt, In one of herof the world. SpecimensTiaTe beeninMamw Josas, Esq., Fellow of the Lln- nasn Society of London. This highly-cultivated gen- tleman (who, by the way. Is also aa English Barris- ter,) has been spending some moatbs here, prosecut-In a class of mea, they attackthe shew a Tlea,batwho aia' addletad tafewfound ia Austriaiau a seam of native iron, two inchea in thickaaas, from w^ch horae-nailahaTB been forged.Inst, by J.;aad done.who rssidesof some of those Interestedtixtetn Jiumscmd tv>o tatndred and nine miUiom, tieo himdrcd tkoutand doUan.more ardent zeal and than the antipathycold is caused, not exposure to uni- byprogressiveness,"hand in natural scetocc,and somewhat conservative, but still another State, with Its own peculiar compllea- who has already aSii^ired some fame by his contri- insertion in your columns. If vou are not, as Ihe does not use tbe means of reformation, bat atteDsptsone or the ether inprevails all iBoral re-TakingteiB caM, but by reducing one part of the body to a much lower tampsrature than other parts.doing justiceto thesesmpleand extraordinary fa-new army of Italy will not be put to such a test. Twentv hours on the Apennines, and I arrived iaSerpent Familyteok place wlille we had sojourn-due amends, if properly applied to, I have conclud- ed to address you this letter, and respectfully ask ItsGrxat ViSMls.—About 5,000 years ago Piot-So far as the srants of the Chiriqui Company arecured to the outside of tenement houses or other at that time that vague thoughts, even of Democracyand them Mr. PaaxncE-that amongIn coTir.lunin\; the abjve de>crlption I must not omii to state ih.il it .was a ma!e tish. a;id from ttie ex-illustrated.dtboogk^ka W^ElALBTgrrntloroanpahUegiDos dlssenHoBS, aad eapeclaUr in thov! la whUkproprietorpent-T» tkt BdUor of tke Nev- York TmeeofanalSB,and ofTalae for conaoltatioBml|«j la aptte sf IU tsmporair and prvrlsiSBsl na-wtaiek to Jetseymoa has eeois to be regarded as InfiottatyppMiak. V ...The a JeWntallioad. whatever aay Wilts jpMs Ate se as te get dew of the ehala af ree<s. wMchttM!*"* I" feUavrad, wad mmb was.^Hlk)s*ed. ^fealWealsy.tMirbletetatdeaywssfaromBtl>er%i«ug|^KTaeTkaiA nVAL LBRMIgreat' il mast be ooafessed the ItaUaas pAMra favoredcoaipmbaMivaand reference ; its reports of tbe proeeedinga of tara.^VMH MB.scientific aocietiea are lull and interesting. ToofaulUtnboil^wKs. U at least la.Uis contest ea IjhftHaveM^tlBSUaCMIa fbC*<Cetur^«k*jKn>-rert ;ttsias:and Republicanism, lurked In the valleys of this hith- erto so patient and coustant land. r«ow, all is changed. The people are glad of the opportunity to swing backand the House of Austria haswould eflford the best, surest, and >',uickest means notrutr subjects than those. The cause of this is to ooiiht whether Northerners are now inbuildings, and leading from ground to roof, andumiuesiioiiari'.ythey tiegan to of Slavery, and they were willing to llsi.en to anywithin reach of the hall or one windows,tremely iriig.le nature of its various jiiirls Imayven-anyrange •f windows of connected rooms, in each storyiro juit cause of exasperation or excitement,nave l» en denied all protection of the Constltuloa attained maturitv.tnat it had h.' means byin case oi fire. Such ladders, iu case ofwhichofhigh tenement houses, should be as freqiient as theranges of connected apartments, so that aftor stair. ment for reform. Soon after the peace of Villafranca,condition of slavea,escapebe found In the judicious manner in wWchArch-preatly Improvewajs are in flames, and halls choked witli smokemore than once apmiied to bp very prominent members njthere is still a known and unobstructedpassagethe windows, whither all the occupants can flock, afid repiesenttng all the interests of the peasantry,— proveanexcellentoneforBroadway perhapsthaAnd yet the Tyrolese are less blindly attached toand an out-an still. While Mr. PasinicB de- enorroiiy giealerpeculUritles, save size, with which the aopearan'^e of that hithertofor that hadbeforepart of a good cast-iron pavement. This rail ie ofthe i form, known in Great Britain as ftenton'srail, and ia used on several lines. The rail rests these letlred a mereis that his allusions to thep;es§ed upon him by " memtiers, of Congress'' are"square .railandiuready to fall bark upon theold license sad system,atick firom which it was cut.partialelucidationofthevari-The \ bas cona^erable vertical stiflheaa, aa well as moch•treetoaea,aiiditpreeentaonlyanarrowtreadon disturbedIntheirChurchgovernment.andinfornmtlon askforyourcorrespon-ieat's urxrnofthechief ofdisadvantages a rail which is asorNorthernmen. Returntheirntgitlres,keepotT kidnappers and interlopers, and let Southern institu-partbe more degraded aad dispirited. They hate the treat one another as we ought. This Kentucky andi:onDc\ led wlt.h the Panama Coinp-invelose to public sentiment, is what is wanted, aad upwide aa th« timber onwhich^it rests, is, that thaofItaly, although they have not been en- West,and extinguish this Slavery on hotk sides, and then we all willwhen the cloud which has hitherto veiled the mysticIUS Latwhieh has occasioned this;of theand short at the timber. At other1continuityis broken—pavuig it stops squaretbesitirsuptlhriofn the asscrtlcm* of iriose ill-it fully es|>ected to be rewarded for his labors out ofcharge, including liquorshould a to ail give bearingbreak jrants, and the pressure on them istheypartially them. And they show their feelings by manlfesu- to disregarsad the Legislature and all reasonable men. Such a lawparts, the stonesmore clearlyuied men, who, endeavoringsociety, to extend the csuse of nature] knowledge by The least that can he said of this pslpaole finserboardpublishing candid accounts of wtiat their eyes oave in the letter of your correspondent is, that it points practicable law ss ought to meet the approbatloo efGovernment and the less than soldiery onlydistributed among several of them, but when they Uons which are open io the charge of cowardicelike useful memtjer* ofatop at a square line they are more likely to be such as unfortunate soldiers who be maltreating mayRailroad niBtten ia New-Jereeyiseen, have aiwavs met with an amount of oontempt the {lath he wishes to travel, providedhe can receivepounded down. Especially is this the case at the out alone at night In Terona the theatre has been aide of a rail, for however slightly it projects up. closed, because the people are resolved not to attend ward, it will catch and hold wheals of places of amusement till they are again free. I haveand reproach, sufficient to silence for ever the pen ofThe following sentence In tbe letter is the most ex- will command respect, aad if successful,prepare practical There are-weakest part of the pavement is most-. v leandntoathammereddown. onewill Anytbia bet by aramining the pavements in our rail-•way strceta. The a rail with its larger a. timberIbrioa a support for the stones, which are beveledthoughtheyweredeafanddumb. Thecltlisas will construction of a Land Improvement Road Thefacts,however,regarding the mane-likeapj>en- erally. I dislikelotuosesuchdelmanagnudasge, buttheas-First-All existing laws upon"^J"'*a^ad?"IB"- .»o«". No. 12road improvements;the warm wishes of tbe InhabitantsGov. Mcaxar.it is said, will return to Bermuda thisSome four was staled mwhich bark, the Ilermoza Valenciana, wasoe i.- .^"ai„r^b?:tTehenabo:ndV2{r4"CsK&xs;to their ancient faithopinionI iii-dval.'oleinarkthatniv ni-^a-of amendment with a sincere good wilt upon foUoniag Ihv^ir rode of Slavery will admit of amendmeatsobserve not eat at a table where an officernor to speakto fit them. Bo the weight coming on one of the public walks, or watch the latticed windows In vala.take. The road In quesUon would, undoubtedly,the reol aad controlling cause of hostilitybefore theject The bill now LeglsUtureWith respect to other news I have very little to p^oi erty-ompaoy,atoneselosetotherailiadistributedtothewholeWhstwonderthattheadd.Vice-AdmiralSirHoi;stoiiSiiwastIsspendingactevenalthooghthepartyto whom theU"**;"' he na»wide andas Commander-in-Chief on this station at thesesurface ofpaTementiB atnmgeat where most strength isthe lequired.to theNavalIslands. Ills successor, Rear-Adralral Sir Alsxis-aP""hoold ".^longbearingthetimber,and "That was theto"Bwmole" any one, orto deceive tbe.puallc, norgood moral character.As a substttute for the Ucense system,T^ Bngvuer, published weekly by Bibbabd our;traordinary powers, arants privileges,expectedthor- ot anyIt even a just cause of suspicion of theScxTow, No. 163Strand,London. Jobs M. Sas-practicallyponcentgenerally an honest man. Your obaedient servantt"y wiil conformArchduke,quietproduce scientific world, for most assuredly we have in tieagainstt* deface the finest fabric ot govemai"ent"^"at"^tha;am; the laws—been outraged and banishedany Kentucky or elsewhere who are known oy resijectaale men, be- yi.nd all question, to be tampering with slaves andson for fuch doubts is founded sei-tence, vvhich I quote from his articlesiiiigfEtioiisttieduke has liimseU introduced and headed the move-IXHISES.'Since tbi." scheme has been Ijegping about thesits,one upon the street, nor allow their wives and daugh.Iloboken tothe New-Jersey road nltly and surely becaose i'(the proposed road) would conflict with the iaterestsof that corporation. This, permit me to say, is a mis- placedto the close of this llon for the name of a responsible party.we knowwhoourso that can assailant is. Thet«ra to lookat, much less speak with the scores ofBAU, the captor, for the generous manner in wiiich the fish at my disposal.heMr.to publish any further assaults upon the rights ornice young men In who the uniform, promenadelicense system Is pertialdesiresare- newal of the coDlllot with Sardinia, or even Prance.army eamesUyhappiest day of my life," said a youngand toItonthatscorewouldbebutnatural.ButthisMan, fresh from MontebeUo and Magenta, to me "pro- confers ex- unusual andare Ibcy willing to submit to such imputations with-we poor fallows have nothing to do nowbe honesty inany persona bond, wftaamusementis a embracedman who assails in the dark. IfoalyI satisfied myself, while In "Venetia, that the forcesnulllAes all previous legislation as to rail- TOU'."your corres- has any knowleilge of facts Important to the country, let him, over his proper signature, write likeJOSEPH B. STEWART, Attorney and Counselor at Law.EnrCATiON IN MiSsacHOBrrTS.—The annualand tkit it is United Water-street, Boston, agent for the of Austria hi Italy have been, since the new attitude that hss provoked ths hostility, not alone of the himuvTO TBI tJJStJtk COSKHFOSSSat WasBiaaToa,Monday,Feb.8,teatorts of ibts familiarwlihtheregulationandsad <ke controversies about aeealar61 in Swe-SlS.OM'mileii of Iron wire were uaed in the corps of contributors embrace many of the beat tea EaiRDiu If Austria really latends to renew the Cmi tepondenet of tke lte»-Tark Zfmss.;;Atlantic cablp, therr telegraphtloa, and that the Provinces of Parma, Modena and Bologna wUl be acknowledied and annexed byTis-there Is " Male a communication eatltled AnotherJob," and In quoUdons, " The Chlrlqul Improvement "den,' ao^S^inmanofaMo^ 6f,Uieportancefanailcltm formed a prossmast Company," dated Panama Transit Jaa. 17," which aglne, supposed that If thupart Tery few I in- country becaae die-Ptaaaia.atrands of 7 wires each, or 12ii -wiiea UTiO, in' the outer sheatiiing.engineers, Entjiand-'deals in such vtholesale false and slaadereos allusionstheidergyefand 225 rolling mills, ADAMS, lit. RoBiBT the 88Sfaftibea,<88 forges HusHZT,.great authorityWhite Croae of Savoy, with the trt-color and the Sar-tbe author, it was the of of tbe It U Importaat te laqaire late the impression some p»r- veryaatun tmlmechanicians and scientific men In Among them are Mr. D. K. Claik, author of Railway Machinery, the beat work of itswar. It will be (ten. Milan could be eadly recoveredaa but no mere. tola,Feb. ISM. 3,bainc ir(!9tiriiig—In tha'DUted SUtes there are 1,555 iron works particular class ever written; Ifr. W. BaiDSls t>eea removed from the public bulldlags, and thesomerailway public thia country, the associate author the name Victox Eiusgxi. In abort, everythiag thatcorps, whotive steps were taken by the chief of thework which theae were sent to gentlemenstrength of their institutions, seeau to have keea Tbe artny, and especially the National Gaard, areImprotement Company,"good feelingaed lateatlOBS ; goodtoprepare, byaome of our BailroadoplalonbU the quaes in the world, from the birth of Christ with American railway practice, and his extensive of tbe Volunteers, they are remarkably handsome, science. Marine Zoologypaper, dignifiedBut I will not at butions to that great branch of knowedgeEurope Companies.Bat as it was thewho reside here, myself among them, that you could-in East JerseySlates. was taken by France, irraduaily but constantly on New Railroad, but of the community at his future welfare.Jerseyveara since, the Engineer newspaper the Increase. It Is certain, moreover, that the army large. Hitherto the people of Essex, Dnion aadLendTM, on a more liberal andarea renewal ofhostilities at no distantof all rail- Railroads have been coristructodmonth, to complete bis term of official service, will empire In July nextand fee shoam „m»er renaltles In eaaee of^r^^T"" ^r '*»•"from sixteen to eiglitpen Urrp f.,i;„ „.tainly all the most studious'reau The ilhwtrations are numerous acter, bMh artistically and intrinsic;,,,;444sons in the Slate between 4 and 15number of of/">«' "'i-i^eoutrthetreated are all those which the broed tern, engineering—civil,je.Umechanical engineering, architecture, »t<a... ajri.snd was,Gcrinanbring irue, it WHS only to be exoectedover 15 was 23 607. The amount of"T t^hnical paperA finenearly wrecked upon our reefs on Tuesday last,of the Massachusetts Board of liiiii rne fuml of the State isEuucation states-The lawits Infringement, Jth.can come undersuperfluous.S?cr»»^Uniiin,"""y andof GARinAuii'B men;i'idof U.e cost rif .-c'?oo! tf'iks. was crei>fe lor the vear of (H.682 45.expecting period.hare been IndependentThepart of Italy. As far south asSpanishreportoSrict-Attoraey lo ^^^ ^^ dealerotthebo^ls-fee,haVli'MtYfir, ''Tr;'s'2T,fto.^ke.e'p'itrrn^£5&3Srpreseat IZ^J^^Z quantities of snowC. ^TIn thisnecessities,°and „r°" v-ipatronage31stult Thecaptain,evidentlyignorant—an inereafe for the year of '£3 ;conductto Florence which I wore InbeenInvariablylaidculture, pulilic works, etc. Bailways jandnavigationnaturallyoccupyalargespaceinits "irteritionsanddelays,whichwouldhaveIseenmuch p«ruiitI>ersoo captaineolnmna.lt»generalnewsisvery,.ieliable ; its reviewa and reports of patents areand more[w^iicularlytbe ***TM",^ ^^"'"i','^^Utitcomplete andbood* ftucUonfiM «aters upon W« ^ccup***"^s''»;i,oThe passengers,WinterIs one oftheof existing corporaUonsTyrolbearing passport covered withacourse, peculiarly liable to suspicionI froaa themoney retur-ned expended on piiKiie s-^liools alone, exclusive of theexpense of itp^iirinpatthepredicamentbewasin; crnlKlncdintheSecretary'sreport,itappear.^thst nrefamiliar«iiIi_f_f t_b_epractlcafgreat Bologna,the of the ex- tent of the coralline harrier that encircles Bermuda, and stood in torfunis It with unusual l.oUlLess. Belj/ean hour had eUpsed,The 4,- per- years age, 220,-severitypublicIn aU recent ItgislaUre granU of'iirPec,'7'«ic sl'o'ildaPn;d^'!,^I foundand, indeed, I came all tha way theseandnumber ogfeneral s liools In tbe publicOOo. CommonwealthIswar isDxa Miuvx,greatwithout finding the wrappers and mufflers Dower or authority, have;fwa»,and to foistEssl Jersey the snme nionopoly rule which has soand business there, doing;;resorting proper au-which ardent spirits, should upon the traffic to giveaatlons to Asms, bythejudgiqeat 41 aatf'^atroltbe slorof therlkopie, and by tlie etpreasloa of Its t-esigo—mahogany,Ac. Tfc caoHh,I had not to latandad>1manyteclinicalnewspapenarejiventoAieiUns- wllkwhichtheyhavesustaisedtkeMBllfaalithto leadingrepreseataUves,itaUndaelsaalypledgedta naaMIsGASriaRooJm^tamedbattobeai IpabllAarllilnI tration of inch patents and BOTattta oily aa are most trying and difficult position. Owing, by their tha ro^ttlae ot free mads te alL letfelseootlctltla. SOB.. The geottommwte want on boaidwWIeS (Uo ofIt becaaieaeceaaary,^luminated In honor of the return sf Cavona to the Here ef the "Grwat Oynaetrea** or Hea ner>his Farewell ks has Address, thongaCAToua will bring about the consomma- long-desiredaffairs, f«tIfarllltUs In West Jersoy, would be Duchies was but a scries of sternly oppo-t". To sit down unrob.vtingiv andon board who fcne*ere^itfosr scb Kil-houses aii-tand my progress through and psrt of the Romagnatheynlty which- 1 desired of for the work- testing myselfngt of the new system—for system It deserves to babildg.d rnllwHyfound there was not onek1r<J of voJunt* erOther aJvanti.ages '°„'f tae law.:$1,519,171 33—40 in- From tlie slai-'ii:--policewlU readilyThroughout the country the old ceats of arms haveprincipal square or street has reaeived can lasplrs in the people a sense of tbe permanencewerethe purpose of giataiious abuse. To this end ioitia-tswn,drawn up, aad published In tbe Bermuiian, of the 1stprivileged to use your columns forfor Christians to attack a coarse of rldoos eoadeet"and he has selected these fected tbe rights and characters of your feUow-ciUzens down to the year 1866, has been eatimated at researches in the European systems of railways, and brave-Iooklng ; but not so heavily -built as the Islands as the scene of his. Investigations, because of who were engsged in laudable business pursuits, butIt, aad vrith sta- dloos zeal they warn and eftreat tbeai ta bewaiia mt the ooioos character of tbe vice, aad to avoM It in fa- The thtal amount of gold and silver yielded by The long and practical familiarity of Mr. Colbitbii well clothed and tolerably armed. As to thepAytifue ing his studies in a most Interesting branch of have no motive in pubilstilng*false statemeats wliicb af- ture. While they condemn their fellies, they show aat everything that was said and done. When ataoot tB 420 feet long, 56 feet broad, and 7'J feet high, hav- interesting to the traveler, as well as those regions Oatraelam Attempted, bet CoaBtcrmeted. at fourte<n Inches from facial extremity, nine inches, quality of the harbors and the to[>ogr&piLtcal feature^ take her leave, she approached them with an aAo- and Increasing giadually to near the ventral extrem- of the country for the convenience of constructing a tionate smile, and said that when she visited theming two prows and four rudders. It carried 4,000 nblch attract by the beauty of their scenery and theCorretfnieTUi qf the New-York Timte.Lociavuxx, Ky., Thursday, Feb. 9, 18M.iotfyeolfetvheen stomach,anwdhetnheitnatdteacirnedasietds greatest depth road, &c., and the rich deposits of coal and again she hoped she should hear better things sfby degrees toat the other minerals, which are so immediately them. There was someilung in her countemaace senage was 6,445 tons, and its bulk about 831,759 feet. The Baron Renfrew, built at Que-same distance and tender, that it awakened ia theia bsw which lie at either end of our route, and which feelings. Bypower. team-enginewhich may any instant belch forth! No sufSciently complete to enable me to state that it con- turbs your corresixindent, used due diligence In ex- Then the fanatical spirit to ground right. beganshipofC. Wood, of Port Glasgow, wasthiee inches.These dimensions are in the extreme.bec in 1826,S04 feet long, 61 feet broad, and 34 feet deep toonage, 5,394^ tons. Some of the ancient rafta •o the Bhine were 900 feet long by 260 feet wide, and were the largest artificial floating bodies known. —tions of this State—especially in the counties of Mad-tke woik of moral reformatioa was attsplcleasly commenced.Orai i&atttm steamsliip work with an expendi- the the Munich and excepting Long Island,)alltheworldover."I«o» VissxLS.—A canal boat constructed bytainedtwelvespines. Anal,andcaudalfins,absentprevail, persecution lighted the fires, and they blazed la tbe;pertinentwill serveto illustrate the diileraaseInnsbruck, and in a few mo- power per hour. The best marine engines and ments we were ascending the first of the series of hills which culminates in the Brenner Itself. Below usthree longest, lanceolate peints.These capital fila-ture of nearly feur pounda of coal per horse- I left the latter place in the postments were, with theones, byof lengtbened filaments, allof the three anterior along the back, frompany,especiallyeCness. rose on everyby magic, aad wereboilers nse 3^ to 3^Corlisa statioiiaTy engines run with 3 pounds- In Innsbruck. Nowno abadea were prevlded for the miseratile. Thsy wandered or iiisideis, within its scope, dare assert " the liberty closely situate to each other as to present the appear- met each and every requirement made upon us to about the streets, forlorn and desolate. They wereance of a single fin, and having the spinose rays of each individual fin joined by tbe connecting mem-per hour locomoiBTee use about the same. Some of theperiodCompany, iDSiadlng Ilka wrecks set adrift from the mornings of kaaaaltypounds;the bestevidence tc be shown at eachstep.Antkenticated facts testily the belief that marineengines will soon be made to run with one pound at the expense of the citizens, and charging the mostbrane. The ventral fins wereperboor horse power. We have seen sta- perfair "outrageousprices for the consumption of theirtionary engines,called "prettybytheirbody and must have formed a powerful of di- enginethat Itin time becamefirmly established, and UHost " Apeople say steam-anginaia a simple interest; .Mpine day corrupted. r*ey /eft powo- fsrtstofand the gentler slopes of Tenetla gather new ele- ments of Interest from the Important part which those countries are play log in the drama of the century. At the present season, indeed, nature affords little or no attractions te the sojourner In Austria, and the studybywithKcORomr or EsGHras. The engines of the hours' ride on that slowest of earth] y railways, (always ment no reason to combat it or dispute its sway.have scarcely a parallel in the world-these and allIts bed of snow. Three montlis ago there was no gas It Is brilliantly lighted, by a pri-the title andvate company, who are said to be lining their pocketsemlrely destroyed,gas. The first lighting took place on the anniversary ofpurchasemay be fair to presume that the officers ofaiid unadulterated. But the scene waschaaged wtkenThe tourist who has admired the picturesque beiatyto have been the first iron boat ever The huts of the Senners, far ap on the moontatn side, the weapons of a warfare knowing no mercy and no;exceptionvalleysTyrolinches, caudal termination.io every breeze and zephyr. Their abnormal Instltu-owners, burning 33 pounds per hour per horse BcBiLUB's Birthday, which was thus rendered, to ths tioB must be propped. Normal and abnormal means rection. The pectorals were also almost entirely de-Abolitionists J. of Tyrol ia the Summer time, wotild scarcely lecog- f edidonists. Awaypeace WilliWiLXiSEOK, of Bradley Forge, England, in 1787, ia nlze the face of the coimtry In Its present aspect. pers abroad and at home must be encountered withfloppocedbaiit. The next one was launched on the Mersey are undiittcguisbable amid the mass of snowMouth, ss damaged as not to be positively deter-m-jiable as regards form and api>eurance, but fromthe portions of jaw still remaining, I should proaounce it malacosiomous.Eyes, fourteen lines in diameter, slightly depressei.from tbe random assertions of your anonymous eor-respondenl.Tne uuth is that the Government has purchased forbegat contending partlee. Ecclesiastical hatred became in time te be consideredin 1815, by Tboicas Juodx, of Liverpool. The Aaron Manby, built in Staffordshire, and launched in London, in 1821, was the tirst iron steam vessel.Uessrs. Dat & Co.'s marine cement for coatingcascades that made cuch lively music banir silent and the interests of the community compel the "lior.F, that, with the coal it gets, is alone caoable ofwntersdeoy these to be religions persecutions, and contend thatwhose outlines were soft and round, stand boldly out!Theydangeroustoencircling;thesuiuof andfranchisesworthmU- tbemostfurious. Iamawarethatsome $3(M),«tU, rightsbeen and iL6,-on- the interior o4 iron vessels, has been fully tested by Winter has a bci'ity ot its own—a pure, cold, change- wipe out any sort aud ail sorts of home Free- fortuna'ely this ctiamtier h,-*.-} op*-iie<ithey were not pure I'bis fanatical zeal was cooceraedthe admiralty, and proved salisiactory. It consistsof an enamel, which resists the influence of moisture and the destructive effect ot the chemical action can look from time to t'me out into the moonlight. It' "Such mobouiats faneytheyImjiersonatetentsbefore Iof acids in bilge water, and is produced from salt Isquitewotth sugar, coal-dust, guanu and other materials. It re- aaiy.while to traverse the Brenaer in Jan-;is notrousedtoamad-sidered swimmingwhen ali Germany was;the liirfcombatants.The true spirit of reiigloris fanaticism, as thus de- picted, roaj serve to explain the true character of thequiresin Now, fact,allKentuckylerprife,bo'Ji tbepeoplesurviving circumstance to showabout five hours to me'.t into a hot lavaThe change which has taken place In the political aspect of Tyrol, within the last tliree months, is asare as terrible!the water iraiueoiately stilleci the agiiatiun.Gill rajs, eight in numoer, four to a sl-.le. crlmstin,of New-Granada ani theless and when one is beauty;Soilismthe State, and can stride over K»*ntucky soil, wieid-partiallyisj'ireJanddevoteesarenotters. Tbey are only moving in a devious patk.and within a warm carriage, with a companion sad a cigar, audcomfortably packed'.relfgfous subjects,fmpos-K«nturkian.<. They dec! ire—hunareiis oi the citizens of the >orta, who ha\e witidu the last year gone to the South andTeeth. Noof appearance any.thesubject.I have serious doubts whether the communicationof your corre.'pondent was written in a locality nearerto Pansms than tMs wliere I now write, oral greatditiotcefromtheCityofNew-York. Myrea-resllygiventu an express.Slavery's divinity.and be immediately relieved, without external aid. manufacturers, nobility and clergy. These coitji- utter his convictions, and then cuff, kick, and fiog, true Havkenii, G. ifanA.sii, and 6'. glerne are o'lca- the letter ofdence men *' did not prove Iheiaielves such in tne American ^en^e, but actually delit>erated, honestlytheir masters er snd left them to seek charity where they could bestand thoroughly, on the state of the prorlnceandselves and their families from insurrestionists, tbeywhere Congices is in seSv-ion;finally,lieadedbytheArchduke, presentedapplied**great benefit to society. And tiie Abolitionists, la-;adesire and intend to tie careful whom they brand and pro- handle as such, and what means they use to securethat be has *' wtembersThe good they have done. If any, lies totally concealed. The evils they have done are patent and ohvious. and have benefited none lo reality, Ixit havehim foraad will save the property and the lives of them-steiad of advancing the benefit eventar and feathertheyTo build houses only two or three stories nigh, af.fords no protection against suffocation in stairwaysand passages. Buildings must be either fire-proofor else covered with external stairs. If they are gramme to the Emperor, wUchhe sanctioned without their end. The guaranties of toe Federal Constitu- continue so, unless opixirtunities like the present very prominentA paragrapli inof Mon-a truthful writer.compete with the New-Jersey road,oppositloBIs not the few remaining weeks of his official careergen- it the supposition that tiemen'v^bo compo^e that Company are not aiming granted gets uponHudsonroad domination.as they were demanded byCounty Treasury. newed yearly.counties,without the corporations.doingto be known of this sincijar tribecrlmsbest, except a system of railway constituting a the Church than ever before. To the Catholic reli- rage. But to violate the personal privileges and itn- apocbryphai monster, the Great Sea Serpent as de- contract was made, which was done io May last andertyescapingIntotheNorth,isgion, to the Tirein and the Saints, to their legends and munltlcs of a Northern citizen, when in the South, isCongress,adjournedanytraditions, to their own priesthood, they still cling, asinquirieso'.d butthe ;of myth.the of anarchy in t>oth sections, he ad- plores spiritat- of the Legislature, per-^ While be pretends to be very disinterested, and is Prohibition is still insisted upon by aesaepetanstemporal authority recesses,theIt is aIs, indawn, in tlie position of a ridge-board on the roof sending to Rome far the last month or two, found no more grievous.But the country has hadindividual S;»ecimea moverdapid>ty the water, of both. The throughim'ormation its as tbe remedy for the evils of Intemperaace, ao*- sought by onlysimple minds, the glory and au- Pope wars to vanish lo-day, the Catholics of Tyrol would hardly berealizes, thorityappeared ally headed—" Occurrence of the Great Sea Serpent"is entitled to all tbeceded to tbeto leave the so far as it relates to tbe there question,thethisslaved so long as their brethren of the seem tosuchacommiinicHtfonline Into the Venetian provinces. The people ofthe few, who have patiently waited to see the day wouKi otfrenu lo 4-.'iin'eui.iiceIjul at the samethat sucha law caneasilybeenforced.have reason or pretext for complaining that the Con-—criilclfed,however,inanlegal remedy-Ntv>- York Tinut :his i^er dism and mileage. willato tie lastofon a straddle, a triangular timber or longitudinal cant fact, that the letters of condolence and sympa- more sacred than proprietary rights. UoconslitutioB- singular feature in the gigantic specimen seen by slanders ui>on all the parties alluded to. this subjectIduring widch time it had lain exi>a!ed on the rocky siiore.tbe ;tureTney su-en-"i>ts were taken 22 hours after deatti,_ Hi" r-paid by pntiaa, poecB tbe present bill because It ooafers eallmlted his CasUllsn blood le^fsd lfcroa«h Us veins froia shall close, however, with a few ressaits, la a^of reaaon, since the piloes of these papers forbid a cognize them, they are, if they hsMtata or falter, ex- posrars—lmposiB|i none of the rsstriotioaa which have feelings ofjoy. He ws« feaat to oaaee with dellgbtextensive display of tbia most expensive mat- posed to all the horrors of anarchy. And yet I never been put upon all otber corp«rai|oo8. Lat the pree- Noycau, clgars,jand olbar alee things were oflere i In•very ter.«sw freedom more completely rec«aciled with order. One would Imaglna (hat the Government had existedei t bill be withdraws and another substliu led m watch no monopoly pHvilrges i»hsH be ronferred, au-l the New Jersey Road, wnatevcr (^ pertplt may do, will no longer be found oppiutaiog tbe project, wnlch tn««, however unnecessary may be, will at leas' De leiitt-profusion to the gentiaBan; and alter bobblng-aad-stilklDgcIrceBstsoee that tUaThe reputationandpopularity,atanycoatnobblos with a glass or two Spaniard want on his way rejolclag.Engineer, however,of tbe delectable tke"bretbreB of the mysttortls" parted, aad thefor illustration are decided by the editor m the issue of noveltiesdoes It Issue Its edicts— common-plaee way, repsvlng streets, repalntiaghas relied on a widearisen amoag tbe lateUectaal claseee,at the Hetth adaily. Heretofore they have heenenollaed Ianong tbe rude, the lieeatleaa;the sub-soyears— quletlr,andInsuchaliquor, *.*saveissate in NsWAXK,isao.FKOBl BERUVDA.CbirtqniCompany.Feb.1>,;steam navigation and metal workln; and manufac- Austrian soldiers. In tbe last war the Croats were the extensive and curious field of operations which, that the article referred to was inserted without yotirgeauloe ture, together with his Yankee perseverance and more than a match for tbe lighter Italians, when they in that respect, the Bermudas present. It was most knowledge of its true character, and that you will not Christian, against the vlee, aad at the saase time he•'render him peculiarly capable of were brought together. It is to be hoped that the fortunate that tbe capture of the Member of the Sea refuse to give up the nsme of its author, and make all displays a bitter malignity against the sabject of It ;cilities. The result is a really first-class, usefulamto punlih pioeeediog.am sureIbelievetwentieth of one per cent, per annum, ao that ol vivacious and sufficiently progressive to lead pub- present enlarge npon the paradox which Florence sure tbe readers of the Tiias will peruse the follow- tion to falsehoods and slanderous statemenu afTecting for their select:on upon tlie character of the re-and IThe wear of gold coin is estimated at about one- ^ life, they dependITAXT.Mr Dsaa Six : As the icthyoiogical specimen eap- tured by Mr. Gzoaos TaiuisaHAii, at Huogary Bar, has attracted some public atientlon, a short;publictionsand anomalies ofposition.;youarenot, purposely givingcircula-foimIn U,ecommonaffairsof anderery $1,000 coined, over $950 real value woufd lic and professional opinion in the great field of presents—save to wonder, as all have been obliged to ing description, as well aa the accumpsnying re- our lights, we have no desire to harass you, and act- foimeis,wbether they are amiable and pure, aad par-engineering.Nates ef a Trip frem Mnnlcb re FI»reDc»— State of Nantaera and CeniTnl Italy—Fe- lltlcal Pro*pectB,Cmrapondenet of tkt Ifew-Tark Times.Floisbcs, Thursday, Jaa. 26, iseo.A journey from Munich to Florence, by way of Innsbruck and the Brenner Pass, traverses those parts XlLXUB Pbilopatib built a ship at Alexandria, ofAustria and which are now, politically, mostItalyrowers, 2,820 marines, and 400 mariners. Its ton- character of their The wild people.do, at the ease with which a cumbrons machinery, marks from Mr. JoBis' pen,vrlthno ordinary interest:ing ui«n this h} poihetlE we have advised the suspsu-take of tbe Christian feelins, or whether, oa the ethfa hand, they are malignant and demouaeaL Chrv- tianity partakes. In its character, of a spirit of be- nevolence, and is based npon genuine phllaattiropy ;•till remain at the end of 100 years.Tha Emperor Fountain at Chatsworih, the resi-dsnce of the Duk^ of Ditonsbiki, with a head of water of 881 feet, carried thr.>ugh J,62l feet ot pipe, plays to a height of 267 feet. With the reservoir quite full. 2E0 icet is the higheat limit to which the water can rise. The height of the great jetPalace Fountain at Sydenham, bwith legally no motive power. Is made to work, 7b tke Editor of Ike Bermudianthrough the good sense of the people themselves.We hear from Rome of new attempts at revolution,slon of all proceedings of a legal kindia the Itself. The number of cityforeignersIn Romeperhaps descriotionof tbe creature in question may orove in-byail the means in ourpower.itccatains.In lllustratloa of itscharacter,a newandis very small, compared with former yearsprice of lodgings Is unprecedentedly low, 1 see in the Monilore that apartments which last year com- manded 180 scudi, may be now bad for 60, or even 50.The prophets say thatsomething will happen";dlaetptes love one another, and even to lore their eaemias; henee their exhortatiuxis to virtue, and deanadaiioos against vice, are attended with such beoeAdal re-Ge- Body, attenuate, cuticle, a siirery FKO-SIiATERY WAR IN KENTUCKY. covering of metallic lustre. Lengtti, from facial to caudal extremities, sixteen feet seven laches. Depth,ing amongst us anoticedandto torture. Of these two prlaclolesefpleasure in forwarding the following particulars. Believe me, very truly yours.'J.Thz HxaHrrAGS, Jan. 28, leSO.F. L. 8.Order, Acauthopterygu;;sults.joaiaejrashe ob-nus,Gymnetius! compressed ; nakeo ; tuberculate ;;Species,of visited the inmates of a charity,served two females wh3prison,and scoffedMATHEWthe errors In the statements contained ia the article from the pen of your anonymous correspondent for such would be to convert that nbich 1 ask as a right into a trespass upon your columns, of iv filch I would not be guilty.theinciting ti)em to rebel. Thry would not blindly and Thlsgenusof Acanthopteryglous fishes is of a form doors of tlie Dep-'irtmcnt at Wa-'^iiington, I have been il.e;r malevolent and misdirected proceedings, banedand so thin and flat in propoition to its leni^tb, a.« to have I he question of reforms In Tyrol yras committed to a the outrage of all or any Northern citizens in tneir obtained among the aneient icthyoIopUts the namerecklessij sanction mobbisn outbreaks, anarchy,to Dody of VcrtrauungxTnuiincr, chosen from the people, midst. They would not drag anybody to the slave of Rf^and Fish. Altnough several species are kno-vn Cimgress for informatwn on the subject nf Mr, Thorn liud intemperate among theso' Wnlle would sionaliy found m the Criush seas.your correspondent Jan. 17." not lessofof tbe slaves tnemselvei, have folded their armsnot fire-proof, the quicker they are burned down hesitation—and won back, with a stroke of his pen, tion are^ot to be trampled on to keep off Northern ehouid occur, to enable us to add new facts In the the ivbjert." It may be very possible that daring the only ronierred a fanciful benefit UDOn eertala aoto-—the soonar will reform be hastened" Ah !" said one of citizens of the United States. Repulsory measures history of these remarkable creatures.six weeks or less that elapsed between the meeting rlons and unscrupulous party leaders.|They have tao-of Congress sad tke date of v our correspondent's let-ter that he was applied to, as be states, for informa-tion on a of which he shows himself to be subjectequally ignorant snd prejudiced. He cannot alludeoccupants.Impbotxd Crrr Bail. A rail is being laid on—aome of the suburban routes, which is likely toernors as our tenloeut in a month."there woald beand coa-only save the the hearts of a waveringthe Vertrauungsmdnner, if all Austria had such Gov-of that sort would mak« matters worse—provoke really dangerous aggressions.The rights of perions as of property should be guarded. To preserve both, without iavadin; either, isthecommonobject. ToconfiscateSouthernprop-people. '*The most notablethe cap' ure of the present specimen, will iloubtiess be the interest aud attraction it will in themeasure, the of fraternal feel- spiritstlmtlon, so far as It guarantees their vested rights,the anr&ce, upon which hones will not slip. One How marked was the change as soon as I erosasd Is nnllUed, evaded, or trUed with, ^ Northern States always exposed to an unmerited ridicule at the bands this importanl'suh'ect, too ? r^'ow, I wi.l presume To me it seems that a temperate temperanos law,tions alone party agitationThe matter In!Suppressexistence of the m^iied denizen of the deep should vanisb with the of the .-iceplir, and exhioitlime,must inoulgc the suspicion thattlie writer ofCommittees of this tbe Legislature, havingfear Southern feeling, constllut!on:illy manifested. be ded.Is not PONTIAC.flowingand will be sadlv nisappoloted if he should nut be.dealers as well as71» tke EdUor •/ tiuthey are as widely separated from the people as now before our for the In connection with hlj specimen and the present one. the greater crime of traducing and slaadering gen- plication LegislatureSo littleof fishes, that even In the present advanced state of mi-rine zooloey, their habits, hiunfs, &c., remain blanks in the book of nature, and will probably longappearsspecimen now oe'oro of the us,manyworld»has ever witnesaed.The Excise l4aw.G. WOOD.tailed by Dbvigators, is invested. The ieng'henedfiiamen's crowning the caput, joined anteriorly bftbe and to the shoul- connecting membrane, exiendini;Times :As the Excise law is attracting increasedtheTiKSB, touching the " Impendlag disagreement I am sorry I have not the num'^r of the niuttrated ceptionable of anyMoney departmentmany"the way for such further Improvement asIndicate to be necessary.some provisions that ought not to be omitted In caseday's at London Newtin which McQoBa's take Instead of a swindle." The man, for he is no Captworking may which^proaehitatanacuteangle,sothatthe beentoldbyAustilsaofficersstationedInItalythat Railroads,"conveysthaImpressionthattheap- msanopportunityofparticuiartxlngotherfeatures knewtobealie,ifheknewanytiling,andperpetrates suchalawshouldbepassed.vehiclestraveled onhand,between tbe Camden and Amboy and New-Jersey grsphic statement appeared, as It would have aff-irded gentleman, who wrote that sentence wrote what hefromNewark,Isopposed byluded, are siiil fresh in my memory.My best thanks are due to Mr. Gsoaos Tsieiso-your correspondentcommunioa-the land in theComing from Mantua, spesking Italian so poorly, nec« sstu y to the preservation that a scheme the bark was bumping en the ?hoals. A gentleman 3M. The aiiei/dance nt the pnolic schools of pe'rsonVat allunder such restrictions ss the people regarded as of their rights. Thissfesthit 2:.;it.:i79 ;the puou'c in Winter 211,-<lrslgi.eil to ovi-rrlde the peopleupjn residingend.sscaiice thp bf.rifttmfn.t.r their <>»* n protection,^^\°J^^tine 't-Mem-*- thereby constitutiiiewas alarmed, andnotevexations,had notgivenmetheoppgrtu- ailluterbsl nowestablishedor butbydintofsignssndEes'lculailon-i,kindlyperse- thereisartecieiseInthenumberofchildrenbrt»-eeaop«e"r"a';ilic corsnmmHllon of a project which secures to an already iiiammolh corporation abstilute control of Improvements,sword of English. so»ejehis„,^among us, would be to surrender that principle of freedom of railroads everywhere,vered In by the gentleman who visited the bark, tbe4 snd 15 yt ars of ase, of a,*-2S, which Indicate' a losstiowere,whichrequire*«>J2lheld Inprospectcaptain was inade toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069understand how ha should tteeof mote than 12,000 in theof the State.Untitled Documentmademorning,379. Thesci.i'Ursofall schools in Siiinnjer, numberatteu'l.-but should the contrary prove to be the esse, we will endeavor toJONES, Family, CepoladstheTou know there is still rampant in some por- and through the spinal column, two and a half to proximate to the two most excellent harbors toucblBg They twth burst into tears. tMs oieaasison, Mason, Bracken and Lewis—aDemoeratis''ofextremity tke caput (exceptingfacts were made tbe subject of and specificTMs anecdoteof lbs two proceedings, and the vast saperloilty of this over the other.spirit, dlssgreeable to contemplate, much more toand the Presi-place, and from tbe capital portion of this ridge with the Government Indeed, greater care could eliaracterlstic of tbe (Christian When Chila.the trouble and fa-At 9 o'clock, of a clear, cold evening, after a seven and the putsuity of happiness." It allows no argu- ef ten or eleven erect qulU-llke, flexible filaments,Of a kin to this feattue is chatlty, which Is another system.of the people Is all that tigue of Winter travel.repaysfreedom and personal security"Whether the spirit of Truth or of Error, ia the con-sciousness of its might, it assumes that it Is right,suffersnoonewithinitsreachtoquestionItsassump-tion, and assures the world that It is and ever will bewas the town, sparkling with a thousand lights, frota absolute monarch of all it surveys. Let no outsiders head to tall, extended a series of IntermitteBt fins, soto know, to utter, snd to argue freely acoording to conscience, above all liberties :"proverights"andmusthavehad,at least prima facie evidence, which differs widely tatio-eafe. For a long period religious dlsaensioaa'" with themamingourtitiebeforethey scted,the law save that of Daioo or Judge Ltdch. Duty, safety *'tbe worse speciesof bated—tbembst malignant sbIand motionless, transformed into Ice; the peaks powers to treat all Free-Soil immigrants and settlers Irides,three-and-a-half lines in ofwidrh, a brijrhtoval sh«pe,were notpolitical dissensions in tbe name of religion.d io not auend to the character of religions lanatl- cisiniisiaris zealt-'iiristinnity.aboutas Jolia Brown Helperitessilver,puollsvtoikingsavingNavy Department;life, libertyarose at eaual distances from each a series other,"From the frontala slight de^ession at tbe occiput) to the position atThey are ail spies and'The SewardareIn the name of the people and tbe peo-the clear Winter sky, only fringed with theEbarp tracery of leafless branches. And yet Tyrol In ple's God, expel or destroy them! Crush out and neath the gills to the ana! extremity, five feet. I'li-$l,i'00.(>OUagainstthe State.Stomach. Inreritinal chamberextendingfrom be-—they were really religious, and marked by re-Head,truncated, compiessed sap- dark color.;facialoutline of aof a somewhat and, in color, a light transparent blue.an annualtheyreally religious,but wereibstered by TheyWidth,conclusive proof before therealize. It is a spirit Irreconciiabie with personal takea, a gradual elevation of the dorsal ridge took dent of the United State ', in advance of any contractwhich theabovedimensions of depth and width wereCat)inetfrom two to three feet infrom base to apex, and possessing, in the case of tbenot have been taken than was by tbe respective beads of the Departments whose duty it was to look Into the facts submitted in reference to ths Chiriqui Com-tl-^nity became tbe religieo of the Roman Kapiia ; when the Cross in the heavens, we are told, shone b^ fore the triumpbant ConsTAirnHX, the face of satare assumed anew aspect; asylums, the abode efwrsle^extent, gradually taperingpaw tbe "oectmen. but 3 large pronortiun of milt, intti-tine, .jtc.. list t.eeoTheir Slate, of course, can do no wrongany rate and in any way. Infallible as the Pope, thsy matter, and a piece thrown on the ruffleu surface of in the past, in the consummation of our laborious en' fiuc-ded withng all the prerogatives and powers of the Stated::rcipcd byS'loa as-.istnctre snd ardent, but misdirectedor, if it does, it must be upheld and fortified and justified at?raall. Its a .^cer^t TtiU coior, brigtilnave coveied the earth wi'Jitate, is applied after a preparatory coating o marked as it is fortunate. Of all the possessions of aess and desperation that can't discriminate between fiabellate the anterior pairs furnished *.-ith double United Stutes, as well as the commercial men of the ;arUiS. It iswhifih sclwated theover a clean and surface dryfriend and foe. The ghost of Baowic, with his pikes rowscf flabeis, harlnij the Interi.nls wiiite. and a'medwhole world, will render us lull credit for our exer-tions. But 1 will not more as tu tbe value of the sayas'riklng religiouspatent compositionand is pronounced cheaper and better than paint.Austria, outside of Vienna, Tyrol is the only one and torches, coes not haunt and horrify us all, and on their Inner Bides with muiute dark liiteappeuj-which presents any ground for hope or pleasure to murdtr our sleep and our reawn. There Is a moder-How TO ECCAFS TBOII BORNIHO BlTILDINOB-—A the friends of the Empire. Three months ago, even ate, rationni senilment still left worthy of notice, ex- Gill covers, bony, radiateCliiriqui Compaiy, reserving such showing forentirely covering ihore whose duty it may be to act officially upoo them Imposture—and will serve to show that they areages. small, light, cheap, iron ladder, permanently se- the loyal Jagers were alienated. I think I wrote you pressed privately arid pubUciy by many influectlal the gills.notoftbeAbolitionists,wlthoat te proceecints ascrlBlag!adnedvorion, they misery contusion.tie of the s.virn- lOrtjrir j.afitt>nreport ii>>lpreiervfd, includingmlng bladder, whic-i for :?o urge a ti^ll niav f>e "jn-;Soumera people confessional, aitd torture bim wi!n in luisitions at)out to science, yet they are all oi diminuMve size in com- son'i contract,'* i,-.. Ac. Now, it will be observed became extravagant in their opinions, aadThey would not compel a man to panson with tke in'!!vl._;i4l now obramsd. Oyniw.- tbat Cocgreis convened on the 5tb of Dectmtier, and considered tke insrJtution, as -it existed, sfact, however, in connectionwithkes up. In a eooding- thev have embittered the Sooth against the North snd the North the South, aad have attemptedPopesignifi- than outrages upon proneity." Personal rights are the spectator the mane so accurately described as a Tbcbsoii's contract," and are equally falsehoods and mit me to offer some suggesUons as tomits that "outrages ufMn persons are more heinouswhich has one comer and the flat side thetic indlnnaUon which Catholic Europe has been al offences against the former are more gross and Capt MoQnns, R. N., and officers, of H. M. S.sleeper, upVtedalue. Then again, the with which thatto•f a country house. The sleepers are formed by signatures in that most Catholic of regions, Tyrol. sooner there Is an end of theenmougthe better for all. would coincide with the capabilities of a member of " prominent members," he takes It upon himself to wlthstandlng that it hss become evident thatapia-a stick each half form- splitting square diagonally,ing a sleeper, and each sleeper having a greater bearing on tha ballast tlian would any aide of theaidaatiftiie bothofwhichareaat necessary forThe religion of the Tyrolese is rather individual than Let the Constitution, and all its provisions, be every- this genus, for the motive power produced by such an "advise that that it is better for it to attention body giveto the Pacific Railroad than to be conslderiiig the"value or utility to the Govemssent of theTransit Route ;" and for fear that might not be suffi- cient be tells the world that the *' Panaeia Companyhibitory law cannot be enforced hi the present state tt public opinion.la flie attempt toorganized. Each parish looks up to its fatherly old where respected. Let mobocracy" everywhere be extent of tail, coupled with the extremely compressedpastor, with a love and reverence not always mis- done away with. Let Northerners no longer haveform of body from the head throunbout must be Im- merse-placed. OnceInawhile,theBishoptravelsthrough,to theirof the Church on earth. If theresson to exclaim with Mr. RiTMCim, that " so far astha liberties guaranteed to every cKlzen are con-eomed, the provisions of the Constitution are alreadyas dead In tlw Bonthem States as the rescripts of a tbe columns of tbe united presses of England and RomanEmperor!" Andlet Southernersnolonger ABierica,emanatingfromthepensoftravelers,andusu-CalriquiOther persors being discouraged diminish intemperance by legislativeinterfereaee,artders, would, viewed from a vesMsl's deck,toalioui as truthful as his ststements aboutMr.tention since the assemblingHerethenwehaveaous statements which have at intervalsungenerous manner,of the but nevertheless believed in !>r that any one many, firmlyhere next month.adopted byinmnasw^ before«j^^^ to tt« Uw.«PP""^ J-^', ",te C^t^t^C^Sir Hons- man throughout the Colonies In his command, and will rtrrv home with forisvery popularat Ihe We.«tas well as pilots, went off to the ;.tranger, but theypresentjusta new law|40tect ouiseiyesfrom both and piivateassaultconcerned,either as ta extent orcliaracter,—thetells youmore than once beenfind It.my own opinionthe Editor eftke Seu- Ysrkonly givingCongressci^is,whose Praeaa-anottieraa tartkar ogaiWeratlsa, lo •»SlrBoBstOB 8tewKrt mad his 8ne- eesser—Eaeape from Skipwrectt of ary.BxiBUSA, Friday,lract«<t by aecllonai strUe, a portion ofThe all-engroesing topic of talk here is the to the rights and characters of Indivldaali, that those New Englaad, bareiofore s« couplenoos far airiar. "Great G^mmetnu," recently captured in one of the affected by It deem it proper to take some notice of It decorum and legalailty, would take so tmportaat aof these Islands, ef which I sent you a fall As the article Is Inserted without a name to designate part ia It—Spanish Bark Pteasnraala your issue of the 28th January ultimo, ttisrolprobaoiothathewaaaqnallyvarawl ia isM.baysdtalsB Ciown, have takes their place. All proclama- description In my letter of the 30tb of January, by the Uea whose rlgh'.s are involved, that aa action for libel charscter of reUgtons fanatleism ; aad la order to teand the teresting to jour readers. I nive, theretore, much I Ehall not attenipt to point out and refute teristim additional eonunandBieot: it directs Its (eandtmconnected membrane. Fromthisseries Slates,andtheSecretariesofStateandtheNavy,and filledbyinmatesoipovertyandmisery. Theirdis-Sr.ch were some of the transformations sude by the conversion to Christianity, and these fruits have divine backers, in council at Frankfort snuff treason to show that it was comixjsed of two consistent bony tlie Government, and which Inducad the Government always been produced by its intrt>dBccion, when pnre" "The earthly goda of these coantles, with theirrights and appurtenances, which mads it desirable to rays, which probably eztenleti some distancefrom the to make the it did. We ihiak thereforesave aportionof therigkt ventral,which is snificieotformed a large and predominant part of the Empire folk of these valleys, a of dauble must be plied to sustain it It rests on volcanic stroyed, although the base of the rigtit pectoral was Government who made the puicbase which so dis- it became mUthe who Attorney-General, requiredthe mostAt that time wecured. But before that evetnhtefyulof trieSecre'aryof the Naev. And:by the President of the Unitedhand as ifties.>es were relieved, and were efceersd sailof thethe capacity of the harbors, and all the franchises, on s dark and rlismsi ocean.to theafter the construntion of our roadof overfrom the Atlantic 'o lire Pacific harbors, and will, in rfmc, doub'e this snrn. besides the many rattier v.iiiM ble ccn.'-irer.itiohs itemed in the contract alluded toin theshoir.M wegauils upt.n us :.R are contJined in the article of theue too mucliblander contained a liir^e aiuunnt of uilv 21:th Jaiiuaij, aiid suci-eed for the future, as we have Witness the thirty yea'S'warIs datedthan three thousand mites fromCairiquI Company !" Did those prominent members of Con-gres!," notri"ghtsItisobviousthatneitherofthesesys- tf ras arc Ukely to lead to any practical impruisiaaaltne treasury of that respectable Conpany,parties, prohibitlaaista,"Panama, yet your correspondentbf onto of Congress /or in/urmationWere the scheme a mis- onlyitsthedage, and the rapidity of moUoa to which I have al- sault which I aim repel It and I refer be abolished, because they are complicatedI ask of nowietpectfuUybecause tte and snU-Repablleaa, sad because no one should be suthorlxed to do an Immorwof the Chirqnl Improvementwlihoui having the name of the writer attached to Itout to alt means to chastise the"bo be requiredriVeUes, to the effect that beyou,Editor, notpopulatioa*1,523positiveproper regardw ithChristian feellag for their welfare.Not so with tbe faaatlc. He shows. If possible, aChristianitywere followed aadthe most b tier hbaytredhgbieotuwseepnertsbecutions,— at the time but sametortents ofqueathed. In his last moments, his sain to form a otuin head in order to teat his warriors tolaoghedblood, orZisxa be-sincere In what tbey have done, but nnder gross delusion as to the true Christian spirit At die time when this unfortunate conflict arose, the South- ern peop<e were ri|ie for reformation ;dlhcuss in their leslsiatures tbe merits and demerltawillas w eii as of their masters. But the AboUtloalsts, Iqrall such eff'iris. Violence begets violence, and reaction took place, and the more zealousand thenand prepare reportsuch ajust simpleeffectual.Second—Vo licences shouldbe granted,Let the bond be-when'l^req.^^ed www.fultonhistory.com 