 S.W,r KASBABaJBWgv«W«l to.BJOHIS*AMuamtJiTi ran Bvanixa. KIBLCiaABDSX, Broadway.—Bauarraua Furow-ami BOWERY-Wirs-BoOTS At TBB At a meeting held at the Metropolitan Hotel back to the constituencies of the party, who done nothing whatever. It has not even ap- details of the mysterious movements of the remaln as a most agreeable souvenir formaSOB« , Diacaa, Buautsaoa*. Ac.oosaaa OF THIBTEJSNTH ATUaOa.—CAUVOMIA ataKAeaaia.A(CD FOURTH !deficiency in the treasury, and some hopes were the vagabonds who, having been rejected at entertained of a peaceful settlement before long.home, represent only inoperative party minori- We have received by the schooner Thomas Wat- ties, a position to which they have no title.Navigation, and the Brooklyn people, under the old fashioned idea that bills are decided in legislative halls upon their merit, sent a squad of Aldermen and lawyers to Albany to presentserious and comic, in the "Trovatore"or "Daa Pasquale," in "Rigoletto" or "Don Jean," she was always superb. In some respects, Frezzo- lini has no rivals on the European or AmericasTRIPLE SHEET. Stw 1ork,Tweed*?.May8,1860.•AlUS FOB EUB0FX.<f « w Y o r k H e r a l d — f d l t i o n Karopa.The Oaaard mall steamship AMea, Capt. Shaonoa will leave this port to-morrow far LiTorpool,Taa meV.a for Europe will cloae la this city at a quarter before nine o'clock tomorrow morning.ma Bmoraui Some* or THB BBBALD wffl l a pubBahed at eight o'atoak la the aiming. Stag ie oopiee, at wrap-son, arrived at this port,filesand letters from Ca-racas with dates to the 13th ult. Congress had or-ganized, and the President and Vice President in-augurated. A new daily paper has been started represent the live and working majorities of by Mr. Bojas, lately, returned there from New their several parties, and their publio position York. involves their direct and personal responsibi-U Sarope —Laaaoa....Sampaoa Low,Boa ftCo., «T Ladgate BD1.Inoang, Starr kQ*, T« king William atreatstomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 37 of ple, broad in its conception and conservativeuncertain seat and general fevers, 2 of diseases ofthe urinary organs, and 24 from violent causes. in its tone, and call a national convention, tofreedom, the Eagle of the Republic, with one eye half closed, and the other downcast and despondent at the,meanness of the old British Lion, who seems to be very shaky on his pins, and very queer about his morals in these latter days.In this view of the case it is the duty ofCongress to appoint one more investigatingcommittee,withfullpowertosendforsportingpersons and papers. Nobody cares anything meet, which developed itself In the majority to M ^ e r r o r o f y ^ . ^ I t M W (jU about the Covode inquiry as to the Cabinet report of the committee against one cent fer-NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1860,-TRIPLE SHBST,old Supreme Court of this State, Judge BeardaleyChief Juatice of tin' ribunaL so they adopted the expedient of adjourning to upon the question of the proper limitation of Our Protestant popee have given us troabx* usually* the dirtiest and dreariest, B ^ S O T O ^Anniversary meetings of the American Seamen's Baltimore, and coming home to raise the wind suffrage have called forth some rather free enough in that connection, without our import- ^Uj speaking in * • whole jear, hasT"^^ ^the Charleston landlords were inexorable, andNEW YORK HERALD. waa elected to that high office, and waa the last would not trust them for their hotel bills, and The recent debates in the British Parliament that is, that he shall steer clear of the snjger. OPERA SEASON—Anniversary week, WalshS A.«/t-^ jrowcsgBrjQg AND paOTBOaOK.ing any fresh elements of political discord un- TWsadjournmenttheyhadnorighttomake. Congress,asshowingthepeculiar workingsof dertheguiseofreligion.menu.'-d with laughing skies and 'Friend Society, the Inebriate Reform {Society, the UnionTheologicalSeminary,theNew YorkMag- dalen Benevolent Society, and the New Yorkby new promises and new oorrupt bsrgaiiai.criticisms upon the character of the American—-e-isg skies and a n,ntJarT sun. 8ub>7was a delightful d»,asittl7In submitting to their going to Charleston for our Institutions. It cannot be denied that there Tonng Men's Chitsian Association, were held adistinctandspecificpurpose,thepartyhada issometroth In the assertions of EarlGreyof toUVoro (ntiasns dxajtic In tin 4 J T VhteAlbany Bnecamsars andtbaOneCent of thevernals*©*onattheCentralPark orteyesterday. We hare n type reports of the pro. right to demand of them a fulfilment of thatceedin&e of these meetings, bat owing to the pressofotherandmoreimportantmatter,wearecom- purpose,whichwasanominationforthePresi-pelledtodefertheirpublication. dentialcampaign,tobeacceptedorRestedThe Aldermaaie Committee on Markets faded to by the people, and not a bargain and sale of themeet yesterday, in accordance with a notion to the nomination to suit their own plundering pur-effect that they would hold a meeting. poses. Besides this, after having driven from The United States Circuit Court decided yester- co-operation In the Convention s o many dele-day that it hai jurisdiction of the case of Albert W, gates representing democratic majorities, those Hicks of oyster stoop notoriety, and dismissed the who remained represented a set of minoritiesplea against the jurisdiction of the court of the at home, to which condition their own vileFarrrBUl. thesuburbs. T^tsrdaywasgottennpon the The statement made by the agent sent by the same delicious modal as that of Suadav n .district.The monthly meeting of the Board of Healthpractices had reduced their party, and pos- sessed no real control over the high officer thatof the buyers, he no doubt speaks as one having changes of all kinds. While &» fkamsrsd authority; due allowance, however, must be •°»«»ters of the grove are piping their earth*last evening, composed of national democrats and have now the unquestionable power of naming -Sounsa's DADOS- citisens, ex-Mayor Mickle in the chair, and E. new delegations to any Presidential ConventionBranhall Child, Secretary, General Sam Houston, of they may accept LAURA SXJUrVa THBATH. CM Broadway.-Oounsa Texas, was recommended as the people's candidateproached any practical subject *nd it is quitetime that the members waked up to a sense ofAlbany buccaneers in regard to this bill. connoisseurs of Manhattan); Banti, the oarsWALLACES TBBATRR taa—Faxm Plica or Bvsiprima donna on recori who denied the softlAWll. IforthePresidency. Underthesecircumstances,andinviewofdonotexpectanylegislationuponthetariff,riageuponthefivelinesoperatedbytheUnionwebelieve;Gazzaniga,whohatbeesea•WW BOWXRT, Bowery.-ttAaav Busx-BaoKt* Dos The schooner Star, which arrived at New Or- the critical complications which now exist Inu i - r i u i t t Ta^savT n taa Btaarra Araava. leans on last Thursday from Vera Cms, brings fif- the political affairs of the country, it is time or any other practical matter now before theBARSUVS AMBBTC A* KOWBUM, Broadway.-Dey teen days later intelligence from Mexico. The Ma- that the direction of party matters were taken assembled wisdom of the country, but there'>Fwaaaa-Dor-UnaaOoaioamxa,Ac rinaffairstillrankledintheclericalparty,and outofthehandsof.theseoorruptpoliticalvaga- BSYAWT* KBYTRRLB, MaaMaiy Ban. ST* Broadjray.- they were talking of nothing but revenge. Forced bonds. Their only power is derived from hiredBvaiasaoas, Soma, Daseas, Ac H*amiai m TaocmLa. loans, especially from Americans, were the orderWIRLO'9 BALOOH. Broadway.-Oae. Camm's Mm of the day. Miramon's army is represented to be shoulder hitters and bullies in primarySiaau 1* Boaas, L>A*CSS, ac.-Bi.Aca BIATRS. in a wretched condition. Preparations were mak- elections, and the tacit consent of theOOOFBR IBltlTuTl.—Baammoa OF FaAta'8 OaiowAi. ing to bring down another conducta of specie. honest and peaceable citizens. They arelurnaa or Taa Ootai or DnA*a-Day aad Braaua. Several desertions to the constitutionalists hadruatiaa not the representative men of theoccurred, and Woll had suffered a defeat Neither country or the party, and the convention BAYIORAL OOBOBRf BALOOV, National theatre.- party was doing much, owing, probably, to a system through which they operate givesFerry Company to one cent for foot passengers. an operatic raid in the benighted diilrieaiof the South, and returned lades with By the.united efforts of the two Brooklyn Sena- double eagles, sails In the next Cunardtors,thebillpassedtheSenatewithbutlittle steamshipfromBoston;anditissaidthat opposition; its fate, however, in the House was Frezzolini will shortly sing her lest far different The ferry monopoly, seeing that song under American skies. Fretnolfni'i de- their large profits were in danger of being parture will be much regretted by the morsTurn..,.. -laaamg, Beldwta k OB., S pnoe da la Boeree. The nativity table gives 253 natives of the United be held in New York in September next, for Urwaroaa. .Uaafeg, Starr k Oa., Ne. 0 Chapel atreat.BUraaaabl5 of England, and the balance of various foreign laf the Bononua Bncnoa or TBSWauu> • countries.servative ticket in nomination for the coming Presidential election. This is the only way that the crisis can be met, and the wishes of the now discordant party ranks, and of the greatmassofconservativevoters,gratified,andverted by the ordinary operations of the meaaiR Stuart, 10 Bxehaage atreat, RestUaatag, BaMwta hOV.&reeOorneiUe. .Da OkapaaaroBfa k Oa.States, 85 of Ireland, 37 of Germany, 4 of Scotland, the purpose of presenting a national and con-circulating the only available argumentfor the last remarkable Legislature. All at once of grace; but we are inclined to think that to the scales fell from the eyes of the lawyers and the pious legislation at Albany last Aldermen, and they saw that there was a mys-teriouspoweraboutthat argumentscouldnot ofbringing Messrs.Strakosch andMaretzekby aaatl aad telegraph at toe prertoos week and ap to the boor ofT h e D i s s o l u t i o n o f trie D e m o c r a c y a n d t h e R e o r g a n i s a t i o n of m N a t i o n a l P a r t y - How ISCavaba Done.winter must be accorded the creditT h e BJawa.By the arrival of the City of Washington at thisThe proceedings at, and the break up of, the their efforts united, for the one great purpose ofpreserving the constitution and the Union.Democratic Convention at Charleston, exhibit port yesterday from Liverpool, we have details of in glaring colors the inconsistency and theWalker, Kansas or Forney, but the new com- ries. This report was one of those bundles of mittee would bring up a fresh subject of the inconsistencies that sometimes turn up in le- gravest importance in the opinion of every true gislative halls when members desire to accom- American of the stamp of the late lamented po- plish certain objects, but have no good argu- litician and philanthropist William Poole. The ment to sustain their course. In making this Muscle Committee should have plenary powers,known that the effect of this legislation has been to bring about the strict observance of the Sabbath; to' prevent drinking, gambling, t h e a t r e - g o i n g , d a n c i n g , a n d a l l profane occupations or amusements on the Sab- bath day. The Germans now drink only water, and stay at home, studying their cate- chisms; the Irish have given up fighting and whiskey, and have joined Piisbury's church, and the rural editors, who used to come to New Tork for a spree on Sunday, are quite disgusted to find that the great city is as sober as aEuropean intelligence to the 26th ult, and by the danger of permitting the control of public af-arrival of the Brazil at St. Johns, N. P., we have fairs to remain any longer in the hands of the from Ireland this season promises to be thenews to the 29th. There waa little of importancegoing on hi political circles. With regard to the political vagabonds who have usurped the ma-largest that has taken place since 1847. The numbers that are arriving by the Galway and other lines show that the movement is assuming almost the character of a panic. Considering the favorable accounts that we have been re-the Irish laborer at home, it is difficult to ex- testimony accompanying—which latter would,tions of the South we know by the reports that of sayfiftythousand dollars for the outfit andgreat fight, Heenaa had formally demanded thechampion'a belt, bat there waa not the slightest Inagement of them.A set of self appointed professional politi-report the rural members decided the question, and took the lead, as they did in every job against the rights of the masses around New York.By the application of the previous question, moved by the rural gentlemen, the report of theprobability of bia receiving it At Liverpool the Icians, who secure a confirmation from profes-and should be Instructed to inquire and report as to all the facts of the mill between Heenan and Sayers. Also appended to the report, andcotton market was buoyant, at improved prices, sional bullies and shoulder hitters, through thewhile breadstufis and provisions were quiet At machinery of primary elections, which no de- ceiving for some time past of the prospects ofThe true national party representatives are the Senators and members elect in Congress. Theytheir case in the most favorable light to the stage. Under the skilful treatment of aa emi-According to the City Inspector's report, there lity to their constituencies. This, too, is alwayswere 405 deaths in the city during the past week, active, and they cannot bully and plunder thea decrease of 86 as compared with the mortality of government, under the irresponsible phantomthe week previous, and 38 more than occurredduring the corresponding week last year. The re-capitulation table gives 1 death of disease of thebones, joints, Ac, 64 of the brain and nerves, 9 of cratic Senators and members of Congressthegenerativeorgans,14of the heart andblood shouldatoncemeetandtakeintoconsideration the law;they defy warrants; they hob-nob vessels, 154 of the lungs, throat, Ac, 4 of old age> the state of the country and of the parties that with Judges, sleep with Aldermen, andsued a far different course. They were men ready for new triumphs. Madame Gassier, oas posted in the legerdemain of modern legisla- of the best artists of the day, also goes to En.of the party organization.In the present juncture of affairs, the demo-ism, money—in fact, any known motive power. The muscle kings make and unmake public men; they pull down old political edifices and build up new ones ; they snap their fingers atour forefathers did, but commenced selectingtheir men as a drover picks out his fat cattle,whilst the other side were spending their timegaged for the present season in London.These departures reduce our stock of primeiedTeruaesaeataforsayeditionofthe 61ofdiseasesoftheskinanderuptivefevers,3nowdistracttheconservativemasses.Let dine at thetables of Senators;and HawVoaaBSSALDwillbereootvedatfeefollowingplacetstillbornandprematurebirths,54ofdiseasesofthethemprepareandissueanaddresstothepeo-nowtheypointtotheproudbirdoftorepresenttheSinkingFund,butupononeortime,theevangelicaloperarulesatbothANOTHEB IRISH EXODUS.—The emigrationLondon consols on the 28th were quoted at 9i£ cent man ever attends, assume to be the right- a r>.The California pony express, which left San ful organization of their respective parties, aad Francisco on the 28th ult, arrived at St claim to control all party policy and party ac-Jo»eph, Mo., yesterday. The news is unimportant tion. Under the cover of this organisation Trade had revived somewhat . they make and unmake public representa-In Congress yesterday, the Senate resumed the tive men, through whose abilities and influ- consideration of Mr. Davis' resolutions, respecting ence they claim and secure the enjoyment the protection of slavery in the Territories. Sena- of the spoils, and whose publio responsi-tors Davis, Brown and Clingman made speeches on bility is made to shield the political vagabonds the subject The House passed the bill raising the in their misdeeds. By gradual encroachmentsSardinian mission to one offirstclass, and devoted they have succeeded in driving fromEighth district election cases. A resolution au- tain their positions are forced to carry on a indicate either a failure of the expectations en- should proceed at once to Downing street and dollars each for their votes, one-half in advance which the most serious evangelical family thorising the Mayor to oner a reward of 12,500 for constant defensive warfare against these plun- tertained of the successful working of the En. demand the belt Should Palmerston fail to de' and the balance when the bill was killed. The could not object, while Brignoli, Ferri, Susiai,the detection of the incendiaries who setfireto the dering organizations. It is this iniquitous cumbered Estates act, or the apprehension of liver it at once, Mr. Dallas would put the seal adoption of the minority report caused a sud- and the rest, think of wearing white cravats isbeen ordered to rendezvous to receive him, and after a short stay there,the entirefleetwill proceed to Quebec He will then visit Montreal, Ottawa,Toronto, and Niagara, and itfatbelieved that hewill be induced to proceed to New York, and the thing is now heard in the political conclaves fleet be ordered to join him there, and sail from but mutual accusations of deception and trea-ing was also addressed by Hinton B. Helper, and in the course of the proceedings, a spicy colloquy took pace between a North Carolinian and Mr. Worth.months ago, showing the soundings from the Legislature of this State, The highest point of entrance of the Sound to the foot of 106thto be made over to him by Spain. Nothing fur- ther has been heard of this project but from some rumors that have recently reached us, ft would appear that his Holiness is making pre- parations for a start of some kind. It Is assert-tive except to leave or run the risk of beingThe Board of Councilman yesterday concurredwith the Aldermen in Inviting the Prince of Walesto viait New York. The resolution of the Alder- ed, went to Charleston to attend the nationalpaid by the ferry monopoly at $30,000. Thissentiment everywhere would have rallied I af the legal ptetiashin ex-Chief Justice •ad the great sriafi of danger thattfearaeiey ana Bur. George Griffin—-was received in ~"i yesterday, and on motions the various out of respect to; theirPlo Nono at his decease. Should the men; it Is no worse than a score of other schemes Bawa," hi wbwh-as all the world knowibythhum*-public plunder was there reached, and the pro- fessional political wirepullers are desperate with the loss of the spoils.returned, as a better offer had been receivedfrom the other side. He puts down the figures rible pass the great democratic party has cometo when it cannot make a nomination because barefaced corruption and venality does not seem its delegates have not money enough is theirThis was the class of men that, selfuppoint-menwithreferencetothereceptionofthesteam- conventionofthedemocraticparty,andtose- TheAfricanslavetradewouldappeartobeina flourishing condition, if we can judge from the number of slavers, or suspected elavenT which are continually clearing from this and ad- jacent ports. The escape of the Storm King, the other day, from the surveillance of the federaled by a correspondent of a Washington paper to arouse our sleepy officials to a sense of their pockets to pay their hotel bills:ship Great Eastern waa appropriately referred.The Crotoa Water Board sent in a report of thenamea hud salaries .of their employes, but couldnot state the names of the persons who had recommended said employes for situations. Whereupon the necessity of meeting and overcoming theduty—adutywhichtheyowetoanovertaxedand legislative disgraced State to bring the re-creant members before a judicial tribunal. Theofficial report of the Brooklyn agent furnishesMAIUMI GIZJUXIQA a taaPaovurcas.—TaS) Hsvwtte eao tatoioe, who baa jost raturaaa Aram a brUMaat Snataara ranpelgn, win make aflym«tour doriai the aaxt ua days in Westers Now Tork, oommeaelaf wtto a *>aear«lect candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency. Had they had the common sense to pass a few abort resolutions, recognisingmnatical mania that threatens the con-Attorney General take notice ofthat statement raeaae, Rochester aad Bnfiato. Madam* Gasaaaiaa wlBthe document was sent back, to order that it may'e^rr*ctodao ***°fcotedethedesiredinforma- stitution and the country with revolu- authorities,isnot anovelaffair,althoughitUandmakeanexampleofsomeofthevenalband winter?sail for Europe knmediataly after this tear. Inhercoa-raapacttof the persona who recommended the tion and destruction, and put in no- A eafl was made on the Ctty Inspector mination k conservative man like Breckin-for the J""!*4 ••J**** of persons in his em ridge, or Guthrie, or Lane, the conservativethefirsttime, we belieye, In which the delin quent officials were brought to account There'wbom they were recommended.thelelrld £S2 * tn "••***• to the support of either of these names and owtegto the corruption which exists amongplain the fresh start which emigration has takenas usual, give minute particulars as to the pri- in this direction. That there has been a good vate affairs of all the witnesses—there should deal of destitution in Connaught and some por- be a resolution authorizing the appropriationmajority was adopted and the bill killed; a Quaker meeting. This blessed Albany influ- reconsideration, however, was afterwards had, ence, combined with the gentle ministrations of and the majority report rejected, and that of the the rural brethren who have come to town forA n A g r e e n b l e J o b We have only one a^pulation to mate, and FasmoKAnLi Aircnnzxrs--CLOMand others, and the present Congress affordsthe best evidence of their verity. When thesessionopenedtherewasagreatdealofnoiseand confusion, turbulence and truculence,among some of the fighting members who swag- lators and the lobby. His official report to the beyond all description. The Central p j f gered and bullied In a swash-buckler way, Common Council is full of interest showing these fine afternoons, presents an arrave/ but, like Jack Falstaff, always found a conve- some of the numerous intrigues and corruptions beauty which neither the Bois de Boulorw 1 Q r nient hole to creep out of when matters be* around the legislative halls at Albany. As he Hyde Park can approach. ^ ^ came serious. About a month or six weeksago there was again a great deal of war talk, and some simple people in the rural districts actually expected a fight, but received only someratherentertainingcorrespondence. Sincewas there with friends at his command, and one The spring brings, as a matter of coursetook place yesterday. A communication from theCityInspector recommended a propersystemof theypretended to holdin their hands. Thesewerage throughout the city, and the restricting adjournment to Baltimore was, therefore, one that time Congress has been as stagnant as a appointed drover, slightly touched with the to the publio their last note, hetoro 2 of the indiscriminate rending of medicines by which they had no real right or power to make, Little Neck, olam|though not so dumb as a blues. From all accounts, however, he stopped migrate to gentler sites beyond the blue quacks, as a means of curtailing the bills of mor- and in making it they referred the question of Shrewsbury oyster. Let the Globe attest In the middle of his story, and only furnished Atlantic. Last Saturday's steamer bore tality. the Presidential Convention and nomination The fact is, then, that Congress has, so far, a small portion of the interesting facts and away Albertini (whose LucreaU will Ua*:have lately reached us; but these localities are salary of a commission to be sent to England minority, in favor of one cent ferriage, adopted. the anniversaries, has ramified through all periodically visited by distress, and a depressed after the belt This commission should be This placed the bill In the hands of the Com- classes, affecting equally the bulls and bearscondition of things there would not account headed by Potter, with his five pound bowie mittee of the Whole, but with exceedingly small of Wall street, the rowdies and thieves of the for the general character of the movement It knife in his hand, and tailed by Pryor, with any hopes of its passage, as it required a two-thirds Points, the elegantes of the Fifth avenue—pugi-appears that the newly arrived settlers come weapon that he can manage without injury to vote to move i t lists and prime donne, tax gatherers and tenors,from the North as well as from the South and himself or any one else. This commission should West of Ireland, and for the most part bringThe most interesting part of this job was the all have forsaken their mundane passions,some means with them. They are of a superior be sent out in one of the new steam gunboats, rumors ofthe modus operandi of the Union Ferry and, thanks to Governor, Morgan, look Committee on Contested seats were discharged ble of the true representative men of the class to the general run of Irish emigrants, and towing Stevens' great battery, which might be Company's agents. It was stated that they had upward instead of onward. 60 we from the further consideration of the Second and country, and those who still are able to main- their coming here thus early in the season would anchored off the Tower. The commission agreed to pay a certain number of members fifty have Patti and Fabbri in opens tothe balance of the session to a debate on the tariff.The Board of Aldermen met yesterday. The public life many of the most honest and capa-tenement house in Forty-fifth street last month,whereby eleven lives were lost, was adopted. TheBoard agreed to printfivethousand copies of thereport of the Atlantic cable celebration, and of retaining honest men in office. Men of thus compelled to desert, by thousands, their ry would immediately begin to blaze away upon price for a member on the ferry question. Aa one thousand copies of the laws affecting honor, men of integrity, men who possess a homes and native soil, we must regard as Pro- London. We are quite confident that this is the soon as it was rumored that an agent had been the city which were passed at the last due self respect, will not submit to be the tools vidential the causes that turn their steps hither- only way in which the matter can be settled, the sent by Brooklyn with power to meet the ferrysession of the Legislature. A communication, sign- of these cliques of political vagabonds, and ward. But for the periodical visitations that British Lion properly punished, and the tone of monopoly with their own arguments, there wased by a number of citisens, suggesting the Priece accept at their hands nominations as public render the Irish and German populations dis- the American Eagle's scream brought up to its great tribulation in the camp, and the storyof Wales be invited to visit New Tork, was read, candidates, on condition of doing their dirty satisfied with their l o t we snouia ourselves accustomed vigor; and we call upon some ofandaresolutionrequestingtheMayortoinvitethe work,andsecuringforthemthepublicspoils havetodomuchofthehardlaborbywhich thefightingmembersofCongresstoagitatethe wasindustriouslycirculatedthatthisagentwasPrince to visit New York andv partake of the hos- through preconcerted plans of appointments to the material progress of the country is ad- matter forthwith. It is time that the dignity not reliable, he never kept his promises, &o;pitalities of the city, was adopted. The Prince of Wales will sail from England about the middle of July, with an escort offiveor six steamships. He will land first at St Johns, Newfoundland, which government has made arrangements to give him sof the body was vindicated from the assaults of but this was unnecessary, for the monopoly hadsystem that has lowered the standard of our legislative bodies and destroyed the possibilityanother great famine like that of 1847-48. Al- though it is a painful spectacle to see a peopleof State in bis pocket, deliver up his latch-key,the morning, and, with their managers, joining Doctor Cheever s church.Of course the Opera, sanctified in this man- ner, will have a double attraction for the strangers whoflockinto our city for the anni- versaries. We advise both strangers and citi- zens to make the most of the Opera while it isgoingon;forinaveryshorttimethepublic will be left without Its favorite amusement until September or October. Let everybody come to town now, when the weather is fine, when the Opera is in full featner, when the parsons are doing their most eloquentofficial places in order to control the public contracts and expenditures.As a natural consequence, this system hasworn itself out, and come to a condition in The proprietors of the Great Eastern have cial dirty linen before the world to hold up thevanced.the inside track and outbid their opponents upon all occasions.The action of a large number of the membersTOE DxSTOfATIOX OF THB GREAT EASTERN.—the delightful way in which we wash our offi-suitable reception, and sail from thence to which it can no longer exist The insatiate written to the Mayor for information as to the model republic to the scorn and contempt of on this bill was fully equal to their piratical sermons, and when the metropolis is la itsHalifax, Nova Scotia, where the English greed of the spoilsmen having driven honest facilities to accommodate that monster ship in the effete aristocracies ofEurope. Let usshow operations on the city railroads and other jobs. best trim. Notwithstanding all the attrac- North American Beet under Admiral Milne, has men from fellowship with them, they have our harbor. It has been demonstrated very them that the American Congress stands ready It was reported, upon good authority, that seve- tions and the rush which will come with thethe cliques, refuse to divide the spoils, and no- at 106th street. We presume that she will make roars of the Lion of Albion.for their vote, and if he would give any more and enough stated preaching to last them thelast evening, which waa addressed by Rev. Daniel penitentiary. An instructive evidence of this Sound, and let them judge for themselves the the Pope being destituted of the LegationsThe agent on behalf of Brooklyn states thatherfirsttrip with light draft, and thus will ex- perience no difficulty in coming into this har- bor. We would suggest to the Mayor the pro-they would vote as he wished them to, thus promising their vote to the highest bidder, car- rying their debauchery to an extent never be-remainder of their lives.New York direct back to *»gi»,nd.A meeting was held at the City Assembly Rooms son, and threats of sending each other to the priety of sending the proprietors a map of the months since it was stated that in the event of fore beard of in legislative halls.HAADUPFOR CASH.—It is pretty generally believed that the reason why the Chariestoe Convention adjourned so soon was because the delegates bad not money enough to pay theirWorth, who is under bonds for $3,000 for circulating state of things is now witnessed in the mutual feasibility of her entering by that channel. Wefour copies of Helper's "Impending Crisis,' and accusations and revelations of the membersfor preaching revolutionary doctrines. The meet- and the lobbymen, of all parties, of the recent published an excellent map in the HERALD some government to the Balearic Islands, which were $15,000 and one of $17,500; the latter was ac- board any longer; so that they had no alterna-street and for our own part we have no doubt but that the Great Eastern can be navigated through with perfect safety.ject are very strict in Charleston. What a ter-THE AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE IN THE NORTH.—that he has turned his aspirations towards this country, and thathe has been latterly securing immense quantities of land in the neighborhood of St Louis, Missouri, with the view of trans- ferring the Holy See there. The Pontiff mightgo nearer and fare worse, seeing the tolerationthat we extend towards Popes and Apostlesof all creeds, including their Holinesses that assembled in the legislative halls last < ertt aba will bo assnted by Taaw, AlWtea aad other ar Brigham Young, Henry Ward Beecher andand go on board the gunboat, when the batte- den rise in the market, and one hundred dol- lars per head was then the quoted buyingBritish Senators, who have taken advantage ofproceeded to put those of their own stripe in clearly, we think, that she can enter safely by to vindicate the muscle power of the country, ral members, after selling themselves on one Japanese, there will be no Increase in thenomination and official position. These, acting and that if it comes to the worst, our Eagle can side, called upon the agent of the opposite, and charges of the principal hotels, and every eae upon the identical principles that animate way of the Sound, and can make her anchorage scream so loudly as to drown altogether the stated to him the sum that they were to receive shall be guaranteed good eating and drinking,TRANSLATION OP THB HOLY SEE.—Some tewhe would transfer the seat of the Pontificalhe made two bids for the Legislature, one ofcepted, and the money paid over, but afterwards sent to jail for debt—for the laws on this sub-Dr. Cheever. It Is said thatArchbishop Hughes This ferry question is but one of the many LSCSA Sana's taaaiaa. Man Agnat Bobartaaa, (• is no doubt that vessels are fitted out by the will be made a Cardinal in October waves of sorreption that swept over Albany whan the tbeatrteal world haraaanasa emdebftdOr core every yea* for the African slave trade, next with a view to hie succeeding some of its most agreeable atnsettoss, WisahortwevaQ during the sittings of that memorable body of beaeftt at UUs theatre to night. The pna>j, the -OHl-sithe subordinate federal officers they manage?to that eflect I*ik»,wMcB they persisted in attempting to the North—the fanatical, anti slavery North- after the fashion in which Pius the Ninth hasktr7<^L.TheW-uU*••*•**Vdrstdrove thatravessofiercelyaboutthesufferingsof treatedVictorEmanuelandLouisNapoleon. prospectofanylegalproseeution.Letthepeo- avanea. tsssafreshstoatswttlhaperformedeataaeo-ChiefJusticeBronsonfromthe•elmaskm,»^{ShSkZsieves was had in a Southern city.speech,andtherighttocurse,bybell,book and candle, all that choose to listen toteas hi the woods and was reeypioree *•• hi theis BO close upon us would have been passed inPontificate be transferred to this country thiswould be a very proper selection, for the Archbishop knows the ropes and would not at- Jwhich they fattened upon at the expense of themas Bobertson plays the raw af the para* catadaadmaehmake good their departure unmolested, or safety. But the common good was not their at best subjected only to a temporary detention, *ta> They were intent upon the spoils, and Curious enough, too, nearly all vessels engage]injored, butSaafly itsMtsassaSwaagtiA hosame- As people and to the disgrace of the State. Lotus the att raouom of the play hi oadiattnieehope that the depth of degradation was reach- tiTt....«» t> • fa.iMim «Mh ih« as*1 •-•ed by them. With all the facts of bribery and oqsatty, mora wtfl aseasseasty ha a Jess,died at twelve o'clock, at hie residence in Utica, and a teie- h*d toefr preconcerted combinations tad bar- in this illegal traffic are built andfittedout in tempt to deal with our American sovereignscorruption there appears to be but a small xaBAiaa Ihasossv—M. Alpbsnss trill take Me beat*the negro race. We rarely hear of a slaver clearing from a Southern pert; and we believeLet his Holiness by all means come over. We will guarantee him the fullest personalple attend to their duty, and eleot tree and well tried men to represent them at Albany, that our legislative halls may not again be a brokers shop,wherethepriceofthevotesofmembers is daily quoted like stook on exchange.ooanc'ndla•T rwblv^fry, ri»* Ski*'aeawttary. A day or two aafnra Mstrtthfawtfe assra,batgatGeneral of this State, had beenresentative in Congress, and on verfloa, UB4 t l ^ tfcay fo^ mmm^ ^ _ the only ease known of conviction for running security, the amplest toleration of writing aadtanedhmVia ariesn, aad he • ^ * f j " f * himlaprtaoa.aadbeUntitled DocumentCommonCouncilofBrooklyntosecurethepas-sageoftheOneCentFerriagebillseemstobe fashionable worldhascomeoutamy*J! making quite astir amongst the virtuous legis- spring attire, aad the ladies are of oeurse lorahrmadetothefactthathetailedtopurchasethere- S S " 4 * * * * «* «***, the crinolSquisitenumber,andthereforereturns,likeadis- singing birds of the souKssaf are g XAt an early stage of the session a bill was in-the almighty nigger and went to work. We troduced in the Senate reducing the rates of fer- impeachment of Indisposition, has also rosetheir responsibilities, stopped talking aboutisonesubjectuponwhichseveral ofthemembers are, or claim to be, particularlywell qualified to legislate. That is the out-rageous insult offered by Great Britain to thegoverning classes of the United States in with- cut off, despatched one of their officers with ail cultivated and refined habtiu£$ of the Opera. holding the champion's belt from the Hon. Johnthe necessary documents to proceed as he No artist who has ever visited us understoodfound the case required. The bill was referredto the Assembly Committee of Commerce and Frezzolini. In the pure Italian school, bothC. Heenan, M. P. R., special representative ofthe muscle power of the United States near theCourt of St. James and in that of St. Giles. Itis time that we ascertained, officially, what theBiitirh government and the English peoplegenerally mean by refusing to give up the belt,when it has been fairly won by the Hon. John C.It is not only the Benician hero that is insulted,by this low-lived conduct on the part of theBritish lion; it is the affront offered to themuscle power of the republic—a power be-yond that of brains, steam, electricity, galvan- tion, and did not look upon our Legislature as rope on Wednesday. Siguor Gassier is en-committee, expecting to be met there by the nent medical practitioner here, she has re ferry company. The monopoly's agents pur- covered her voice, and goes back to Europedonne materially, leaving us in fact only Ade- Fabbri sings only during this week, at the Winteragainst the one cent ferriage were two black Garden, and we presume that the Academy will republicanlawyersfromthiscity,whoclaimedsoonbeclosedfortheseason.Inthemean-in talking to the committee. The only per-sons that appeared before the committee line Patti, InezFabbri and Adelaide Phillip*.two occasions called the Union Ferry Company houses—'Moses in Egypt" having been donstheir clients. To all appearances the one cent last night at Irving place, and "Nebuchadnez-ferriage men had everything their own way; zar" pending at the Winter Garden. It may bebut underneath the calm surface was that the managers have been suddenly cos-a foothold to commence operations. Will the at Albany oa Friday, and eaaUaoBf at tray, Ctbn, Sybetter the requirements of her art than ErauaiaTUB Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comastw firomthojaJl. 