 hicawil to ingcolurad, ;nlionwith d to gaia a jeirrowfcjkmakeagentsforotherpeopleagainsttheirconsent ,e r oogfcf t »! rmajeyet«ia CMLD trysuperiority nperedf liay matter tottrj.tiey, con»- i at Ottt*. .in sixteen lie* in four i£ficultie« ofo$ 80,000 men in Morocco. .incident to tbe unexpected delay of the passage of cans, who do not meet in Chicago till June. [Laugh- 'Mr: ROBERTSON introduced a bill relative to the; which received the sanction of five of the seven « » systematically managed in a way which m»ke* the publicurrbeard of" kdimg large operation*,U. scarcely my corps in. ve beeotto>rwi«e how of January Ilejog, with Ihewaitedagents and attornevs of the Railroad Companies, inment to partiaipate in the ceremonies. t€m. The amendment proposed, first, tae reform ofan Section 2 gives the Commissioners of the Land Office denial or extenuation of the practices charged by the 4. " relies noon the Erie C W acknowledged by railroadTbe Doorkeeper of the House, Mr. Marsten, has abuse; and secondly, a change ofthe policy of the power to sell said lands in the City of New-York. membrialiats against fhe Railroad-management of the competitora to be the great regulator, to prerentanv <l!v«TMirtn *r appointed Capt. Darling his First and Ira Goodenow administering department. The abuse of the privilege The City Controller may pay for the same by a loan Bta!te, and Jay dovyn the following propositions, which tradefrom the City ofVew-York, or t h e ^ S S * U^e.OB the 5ta. ri Sobepretty larches thisder fire the ontemptofin nomination: Mr. Abram S. Mitchell, Editor of The Mr. TRUMBULL said pergons writing to members an infringement of the existing, principle which pro* Tbereportthen givefiepecimenB ofcomparative freight nority alleges, ia based upon mere allegation, contra- against an article published a few days since in St. Louis News; Mr. Dufreee, of Indiana. Editor of on business could inclose Stamps. He pointed out the tects parties from,criminating themselves.; ,-• : I tariffs to sustain the above positions. For instance-: ; dicted by positive testimony on the part of the remon-ltd aserie* we; bnt i t 'of victory 16 fatigue* harassing, :Ti-'. morale he leader-details of being still Libit* two e cavalry,xls order*; e regular the worsebe a snort puot bad, ramparts, my other ng us th» e may ex- liards will n Tetoaa id base ofThence, mgier.,:lion into Ra'droad Railroad <j by theEdgar rthrie of L.Bar- >menareA in therpany t o Be on the extensive : sections ie millioa tud tele- r^aeh the millionsind teto- at to the te, beinghe same .pa from Lte north ranch to Vonthe is to the e. The horning, trope ofJuion as•Iincon- itmen in i. The 3d chal- ongresslof. -Jrau- arefttliy-t •saistant jrroort, te Gen- 0 make He. Ifbill, it rho are merciaiat than is paa- : alone, rappeo* •ude to D, and9 these adding w voy- r must ifthey jricanx wof a oasted joes to S%ber-of ring to fc thinktheir red of *r ailroenr, shall esnot Jntingi.eipal »uotnt vision jppo-1 befrom *, toat t*with Mrs. Bailey in the publication ofEra.The\National'Progress was also reported oh the bill to amend theers. It is to be made applicable to Long Island Sound. Tariff price, Portageville to New-York, 65c.>The body of the bill was stricken out and sore ported to the House. The bill to provide for the ap- Seme of them are mortally wounded. Mr. Davidson pointment of Inspectors of Election and District Can- was also mortaDy wounded. It is supposed that ho vassers in the City and County of New-York by the Board of Supervisors being taken up, Mr. COLESIt was proved that from the nature of Otifi carrying- trade this difference in rates was inevitabJe; that the through business related to the termini of the .roads•aNEW-YORK DAILY. TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1860\*New-York. It provides for the appointment by, the granting the prayer of the petitioners. The re-Commissioners, to hold onlce for three years, and who importance, and reciting the action of the Legislature J 5 S 3 ? Assembly, reata npon,the following cbnaid-*Imorning for Philadelphia. -Gov. Letcher is in the city, on his.return from Cbarlestown. He will leave lor Richmond to-morrow. •agreed, in direct violation of their traditional policy Judge Bowls of Tennessee has been appointed Treasurer of the United States. He receivesptne unan- i upon the subject of the canals, to vote for the imous indorsement of the Democratic Members of Con-ner to infringe no right. It questions the power of a M«K-Ari*Iv»l of tlie Nortli Britolti. . Toamendtheacttofacilitatetheconstructionofthe 40c;merchandise,New-YorktoBuffalo,firstclass,40c;aecond, Statetodictatepricesforthepassingof thecommerce,'•day when the bonds of some of them are not violated- /i t is impossible for the runner to sell tickets at the same price with the ship owner—his profits are ' from overcharges, and selling steerage for cabin tickets, and tickets to Liverpool for tickets to "Bremen. Every sale is accomplished by meina;ofplation formally to invite the New-York Seventh Regi- ment now. They could then go on and perfect the eys* State.a false pretense or a conspiracy.a business by licensing the runner would be jtofore Common.Couneilflj wasordered toathird reading.employees under tbe Clerk will be retained by htm. vided that the mail sorvico should not be reduced. The It repeals the law made in 1855 for the City of New- localities. . ' .a- ... ,. , ,',, ,•whichwecalledtheproposedextensionofthd Chenango Canal a "Democratic measure." W eTheAtUts; andMr.Coombs,ofThe Washington, abuseslikelytoarisefromthoadoptionofaprovis• Thebillauthorizingpartiesnamedtolayadouble t1InMarchlast,previooatotheopeningofthecataals,theNew- strants,whohaddesiredthattheirwitnesses,testify-.power, to ruin the Republican cause in the State iby such a course.penses only. . ' ; ".Five thousand copies of the proceedings of the last on the bill.the Western States must, m the end, fall int">the cheap- titites, and in the majority report, that local 'freights, est route.idie...... •.....vain to protract the struggle toretafci.it. If, onth-> other hand, New-York does possess a plateau o ground extending from tide water tojthe great inland teas, over whichproperty may be transported at lessthrough freight, had iiotbeen sustained by thejproof; that it was hardly possible any such thing could occur except in rare intervals, at the termini of the road, and then only in the event of the equipment beirjur,Mr. District-Attorney Waterbury has at leDgth3>een goaded into sending the case of his friend Neso— ISovi'iolc Mnrdler.To legalize such'remonstranceWas tbe Secretary. 1851 appropriating $700,000 annualljr for^the use oftheAfteraspiriteddebate,theiollowrajrwereplaced Post-OfliceDepartment. * '*';>v J'. testifybeforeGrandJuries.Thiswasdeclaredtobe extravagantrateschargedourcitizens. ,,8idnotof course meantobeunderstoodassaying ellreceivedtbehigheetvote,but'thiswasnotconclu-He wanted the whole svstem wipoo out. Afterfurtherdebate,"inwhichMessrs.Toombs,Col-.BRIGGSof Kmgs stating that the Common Council hadgiventhefranchisetootherparties.April, New-TJork Central carried pork from Chicago to New-- Yorkat$1perbbl. TariffpricefromBuffalotoNew-York,75c Flour,ChicagotoNew-York,50cperbbl. Tariffpricefrom Rochester to New-York, 40c.thatnoBepubKcanswereinfavor ofit On the contrary, the proposition was introduced by Mr. Ferry, the Eepublican Senator from Utica, and Mr. Truman, the .Republican Senator from Tioga, is itssive. If elected,itisMr.Mitchell'sdesigntounitelamer,andHaun,(Dem.,Cul,),participated,avotewas taken on Mr. Trumbull's motion, to take out the act authorizing companies to navigate Lakes and Riv- April, Erie Road: Flour, Chicago to New-York, 50c. per bbl. and transact their business in a corporate capacjtry, freeCol. Forney's batch of appointments will not be . principal and most zealous advocate. I t is, how- made for a week to come. He leaves to morrowApril, New-York Central: Furniture in boxes, New-York to The following bills were acted upon in Committee Cleveland, GUc. per 100 lbs. Tariff piice, Troy to Buffalo, 70c- ever, a Democratic measure in the sense that the Democrats in the Senate are understood to haveLake Ontario and Hudson River Railroad. Third read- 30c.; third, 80c..; fourth, 2Cc; New-York to Chicago, all classes, of other States through our traders to'market, againsting. 25c per 100 lbs. •'•-'•• ' ' • the power conferred npon Congress by the Constitu-To amend the general Religious Society act. Third May. Erie Road: Hides, Chicago to New-York, 28c per 100 tion to "regulate commerce with foreign nations and lbs. Tariff, Buffalo to New-York, 35c; noerchandise,,New-Yorkmeasure, and that its only hope of success is derived from that agreement. W e do not think we are wrong in saying that the" object of the Democrats is to compel the Republicans to impose as large a tax a s possible npon the people, and that this governs theiractioninallfinancial questionsbeforethe I-egialature, It may be denied that any such-agreement exists, or that such is its object, but we are assured it does exist, and we predict that every Democratic legislator will be found voting for the Chenango Extension and for every other measure in- volving the expenditure of money. W e are willingto admit that the Chenango Canalshould be extended at the proper time, but we do appeal to Republican members of the Legislature to pause before they sanction, at the present time, any expenditure for this or any other purpose which can be postponed. The other canals should, and must be finished the •coming season. To do thi», and to pay the interest on the State debt, and to carry on the Government, will require a tax of nearly three mills. If the Chenango Extension, and other measures now rigorously urged upon the attention of the Legis- l a t e , are voted by the present Legislature, the tax d u s t be at least four mills, if not five, against two and a half last year. In our judgment, the Repub-licanpartycannotaffordtoimposeanysuchtax uponthepeople. Wemust not be influenced by local interests or Democratic advice, but view the matter as Republicans who are about entering upon the Presidential struggle, and should not hang agress from that State.Much interest is manifested in regard to Printer ofthe House. The conference to-night of those whovoted for Pennington was. called to determine that jqnestion.The President has recognized Ensign Francisco Fal- low as Consul-General for the Republic of Uruguay at New-York.Tbe Criminal Court has sentenced Wm. Boyd to fourteen years in the Penitentiary, for carrying away and stealing two negroes from this District.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIEST SESSION.Briton, now about due here with Liverpool dates of reading.To provide for the appointment of Inspectors ofto Milwaukee, first, second, third and fourth classes, at 20c. per. " among the several 8tates." With $150,000 000 in- 100 lbs.: New-York to Binghamton, first class, 50c;second, 40c; vefcted in the railroads of this State—one-tenth of tho third, 30c; fouzth. 20c; per 100 lbs.; New-York to Owego, first entire taxable property of the State, and seven timesdeadweight of taxation around the neck of theparty. The Republican members of .the Legisla- ofthe President, excluding the Army and Navy, hnt includingFernando Wood was unanimously chosen Chairman of the Charleston delegation.A statement was made that Commodore Vandert>ilthad tendered the use of a steamer to take the delega-be entirely fallacious. They assume that in the long hot get the best use ofthe railroads, & c , were unjust, York . Why did they not pass a bill requiring the Su- *run, trade, like water, mutt now in natural channels.' unless the principle was adopted, wbich ran •throughbit, the late Road Superintendent*- before th«i - Mr. IVEKSON (Dem., Ga.), from the Committee on -Grand Jury. If, when an indictment is found, he Claims, reported several.private bills which had beenAUGU.STA, Ga., Tuesday, Feb. 7, 1860. John W . Walker, overseer, shot John Owens, mer-. ALBANY, Feb. 7, 18G0. Mr. Flagler's Pro Rata Freight bill, entitled " An.cost to the carrier than any other, all other routes deficient, no instance of which was brought to thecan only be induced to bring the case to trial, w .may witness the rather novel spectacle, of a culpri' being tried by a magistrate of his own nominationfavorably acted on by the Court of Claims.A resolution to ^)rint the meteorological reports ofthe Smithsonian Institute caused some debate;Mr. HUNTEK (Dem., Ya.) objected to the publica-tion. •Mr. FITCH (Dem.,iid.) said the reqxtcst to print-Nine witnesses were examined tc-day, and theni tes timon.v was, conclusive of the point that Haziett was Mr.FESSENDEN(Kep.,Me.)opposedtheprint- oneofBrown'spaJty. Theonly'differencein.thetes- timony wa& as to the color of the prisoner's hair, some stating that it was red, and others that it was »'light color. His hair at the present time is rather dark, though it Iras the appearance of being colored by a hair dye. Among the visitor-* in attendance at the Court to-day wat the Rev. Mr. Newton of "Vermont, who has" I t may not be improper tsr allude to some of our of November, 100 car-loads, or 1,000 tuna of freight, placed onthe files of members. The majority report advantages. The Western States are drained upon the were forwarded for.tjie citizens of Buffalo to Easternaccompanying the bill has also been printed, and Mr. north by the great inland seas, to some part of which points. It was during this period that the majorityVarian will present today or to-morrow; a minority tends every canal and railroad penetrating these report asserts that no freight was forwarded for citi-report, in which Mr. Conckling may possibly unite. States. ' ,. ), . zens of Buffalo. It was alleged by tbe petitioners, " These seas form the outlet to 3,500 miles of imme- based upon an article in THK N. Y. TRIBUNE, that aTHE LATEST NEWS, came from the President of the Smithaonian Institute and the Commissioner of Patents.ThequestionofprorataistheQuestionaboveall diatecoast,andboundedbytherichestproducinglaud droverbaddrivenhiscattlefromBergen,ontheline others which agitates the " assembled wisdom," not upon the continent. of the Central Railroad, to Buffalo, and shipped them, only of the regular'Legislature, but ofthe "Third "The cost of transportation upon these seas for from there to New-York, saving $500 by so doing- House'* as well." So the matter is being very tho- eight and frequently nine months of the /ear is secondRECEIVED BYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.F r o m W a s h i n g t o n .Spe«ai Dfrp*tch to The N. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON, Tuesday,Feb.7,186UTHE NEW CALIFORNIA SENATOR. *Mr. Latham's election to the Senate from Cali- fornia has disconcerted all of Mr. Gwin's calcula- tions, and will probably be followed by his defeat, 3br re-election. Mr. Latham's recommendation against forming a new Territory of Nevada is also aimed at Mr. Gwin, who looked to the contingency of being Governor, if beaten now, and his ultimatereturn to the Senate, when made a new State.W A YS AS© MEANS COMMITTEE.Itisprobablethatthefollowinggentlemenwillcon- ' stitute the Committee of Ways and Means, though perhaps not in the order stated: Messrs. John Sherman, Thaddeus Stevens, H. Winter Davis, J. J5. Monil)^ J. S. Phelps, Israel Washburn, Martin 3. Crawford, E. G. Spauldmg, and John S. Miihwu Tkis Committee embraces some of the best talent of the House on both sides, and the extreme opin-ion* on the tariff and free trade.ing, on the ground that the work collected was not au- £u<57iy-ed' by Congress.Mexico.T H EThe amendment was reconsidered. . The amendment wasthei rejected.Y a 3 eA f f r i e n l t r a r a lC o n v e n t i o n .\JA.Y. Cer.tral, JPer tun per mile.N. V. and Erie, Per tun per mile.Penny. Central. Per tint mile. 1354.... Im.T H EMEXICANTltfcA TV .TelegrapirOllice, No. 21 Wall btieet, N. Y., up to IIo'c'.ock, will be received in time,to be forwarded by cepted. In estimating the price of transporting goods, themielvcs respectively, in performing the traffic, viz.: the minoritv-was of the opinion,based upon:th« preoft,Mr. McLean was sent for by the Secretary of . jState with a view of exerting an influence oa the Senate in favor of the ratification of the recent jtxeaty with Mexico. H e has no important intor- inatkmnot in possession of the Department al- jeady, audience his presence can shed no new lighxon the state of affaire in Mexico. For some reason, fcestinowntothePresident,noneofMr.MeLane's correspondence concerning this treaty was com- municated to ttte Senate. While several Eastern Senator* are well disposed owingto the commercial advantages which this treaty professedly oilers, they are restrained'frcm supporting it by the se- rious complication* which would inevitably follow. I t i» really the entering wedge to the seizure ofthe steamer.that the profit so made in the through business^ served the prices on local"freight.; r urther-COL^XJTORSHIP OKBOSTON.Yeas, 17; Nays, The foird amendment provides for the abolishmentNEW-HAVKN, Tuosduy, Fob. 7, I860. any property at rates diifering from those established 1H5. ..1 5iar»y....ic. ii».!854...,1. 5. . 1855..'.. 60en. Wlriteey.has been tendered the Collebtor- shipofBonton.THE HOUSE I'RIN TEE. -The interest in the Convention increases daily. ttie carrying of packages, etc., mav charge a commis- 1857. ..1 \,S18571858....61caucus has just adjourned, after a sension of over . 'two hours o a a candidate for Printer, without jnak- ing a noauM&luiu. Tnree ballot* wtre taken, Mr.&r business there. A.difference of opinion on this point i^?d to ihe defeat of the bill at the last session.Section 5 provides that any director, officer, agent, cost of n»ov«.menV of the Pennsvlvunia Central over ]^E"W-YQRK LEGMSLATUKE. or servant, of: every railroad corporation, who shall the New-York Central, or_N«w-York and line morviolate any-portioii of tluw act, shall be deemed guilty Umn counterbalances tlie'few miles difference m her ol a misdemeanor; and any peiTjoii may maintain a favor as between New-York and Chicago.' As for the*jbeing nearly equal, and Messrs. Weston and Coombs receiving about orje-third as many as either, They will meet again to-morrow at 12 o'clock.•*•• •:•"Totfc*WASHINGTON, Tuesday, Feb. <:, 1#W. Interesting accounts of the war in Morocco huye I*cn received here. It is stated that there were W,.- WH> Moors at the battle of Casteiiejov. Col. Ta**wa, about Uft years of age, a younger brother of thesiituent who received letters or documents.Mr. FESSENDEN (Ifcp-, Me.) advocated the amend-ment HA it stood.Mr RICE said; the present object-vas to pay the tion was reported against, and the repprt.agreed to-• *Untitled Document-».....: t<si,*-counted hard-pan instead of common soft earth,as con- tracted for.Mr.LAWremarkedthatthewordshard-panhad become so obnoxious that • of bate very few persons could utter them without in some degree losing their character for honesty. This bill, if passed, would open the door of the Treasury to hordes of hard-pap claim- ants for damages. •are neediul to impress the minds of all with a sense of the palpable injustice of the Railroad-freighting sys- tem»fthisState..In justification of the charge that the people of thisState axe at times entirely debarred from the use ofthe railroads for freighting purposes, -the. report statesthat in the movement of the crop of 1859. there was agreat pressure on the roads for forwarding throughfreights from the West, and that (from October 20. toNovember 20, the New-York Central utterly refusedto take any way-freight at all, devoting its entire force only, and the. way business affected every station;to transporting the property of strangers to the ex- that the one passed over the road in bulk, without de-SpanishMinisteratWashington,distinguished'vhim.Bel^ <not;properthatmembers;^vho-cwrotetoeonstotueptsjon. greatlyat the beud ofhis regimentof Hussars,and public DUBiness,;-shouldbear;MMf-burden themselves;1^wutipn, «ction, or proceeding, civil or <srfndiuuV •atoot th* DOT-Ufa*HAMMONDintroduced:,a,billtoprovidefor'tn 2.ThiapublicjroodinvolvestherightofthecUi&b.tothebeatStaife^BwtraofClaims. K11&£&$£.'m#&M *'"• SKC.8. Thi«actahaliapplytoeachandallrailroadcorpora- oseoftherailroad. ^s * ^^ fcuch a measure would be injurious to the traveling^ ,was .wounded in the engagement.,. Most of the high Let the persons .w.b.b„are benefited by the oorresjpond- Mr. ^PINOLA introduced a bill for the protection of, tiona now incoxporated..or hereafter, to b« organized or incorpo- •3. Whenever any railroad corporation, in it« manayemnni^Tcoronimrity,"MItVouldauQiorize'persdnstone$o* * tiate for passages on the •fcips of other peopleyofficersoftheSpanisharmyareyouogmen. The army bad bt en obstructed *m its operations, and suf- fered much from constant rairs. Spain is prosecutingencepayforit.. '. VV""7'-., * - ^ - the.'purchafhcrsof.fertilizers. It,providesfortheap*' makeathep.esnmedorevenrealinterestoftheatoekBol<W rated under any law of thia State. , . " r «*/wpw paramount to the public good, or whoa it grant* i u use toMr. HALE moved to amend by changing the time Sointment of a Measurer of Manure'by the Mayor of <•••• Sac. 9. This ict fchnll take effect an the l«t day of April 1880 transport the pToperty of the of&&*• of other rTUtea in priorityto April, If it extended to the first of May it would [ewOTork. . -., ..zr^':;:, ;? $>o^jl0., All acta andparta 'of aota inconnktent wltn thia act or on better terms than it concedes to onr citizena. there ia anWithout rendering the ship responsible for their the war with vigor, and will have'before long a force , be after the Charleston Convention, and the Deoio- Mr; GOSS introduced a billto provide for a certifies-; or /my part thereof, are, Jo that extent, hereby, repealed; abuse of its franchise which demand*, either a Imfeiture or mMr. TOOMBSaccepted the amendment; tv"Mr.SIMMONS(Rep.,R.I.)opposedtheamendment, as having been improperly introduced. If tbe propo-Another conference will be held to-morrow at 12 o'clock.proviso, and it was rejected by Yeas 24, Nays 32.Mr. SLIDELL (Dem., La;) moved to postpone thebill until half-past 1 o'clock. Carried.. The Senate then went into Executive session. Ad- journed.It was opposed, because it did not contain the personalApril, Erie Road:' Flour, Buffalo to New-York, 40c. perbbl. Tarifl'price, Owego to New-York, 50cfrom the inconveniences of partnerships, and at their own election create banks, construct railroads, Scc% and admitting onlj; of such future legislative interfer-ence as pressing exigencies call for, and then in a man-SENA TE....W ASHINGTON, Feb. 7fThe President sent a Message to the Senate return- ing the joint resolution passed on the last day of the last Session, appropriating money for removing the barand obstructions at the mouth ot the Mississippi.Mr. HAMMOND (Dem., S. C.) introduced a jointresolution for the relief of Commander H. J. Harts tene, appropriating $6,008. Adopted.Mr. HAMMOND introduced a joint resolution au- thorizing Commodore Shubrick to accept a aword from Urquiza. Adopted.Finally, !-he further consideration of the subject was postponed. ', , • .roughly discussed, which is well. only to ocean cheapness. The State of New-York is Mr. Drullard denied the truth of this, he stated thatMr. HUNTER moved to postpone • prior orders and take up the Post-Office Deficiency bill. Adopted;every railroad in the State engaged in freighting shall possesses also the metropolis of the nation, to which they had been accuBtoined to allow drovers to take1860.SYRACUSE, Tnesday', Feb. 7,1860. The Convention reassembled to-day, and, after dis- patching some unimportant business, 'proceeded to the Mr. HUNTER (Dem., Va.) introduced the Post- appointment of delegates at large to the Charlestonwhich it passed, as follows:Chicago to Detroit, over Michigan Central, 283milea, at <J........14c. y* 100 It}.Lake Erie, Detroit to Buii'alo, 350 miles, at 5 c & 100 10. New-York Central to Albany, 290 miles, at 15c & 100 IB. Albany to Boston, Western Railroad,l56miles, at.^Oc. ^ 100 tbzens of other States;" and that nearlythe same rate per tun per mile should be demanded on "all freight without rejrard to whence it came or where it is delivered.-Testimonv of a large n u m W of witnesses, mostly railroad experts, is cited by the minority, to show that the cost of carrying way-freight isgreater than through,Office Deficiency bill, with amendments, and gave notice that he would call it up after the morning hoar. Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) introduced a bill for the release of payments for the town site of San Fran-cisco. Referred.Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) moved that when theConvention, when the following gentlemen were se- lected, namely: Fernando Woou, John A. Greene, jr.; Gideon J. Tucker, Joshua R. Babcock; alternates, "William C. Beardsley, James T. Soutter,- John Hagr gerty, and Benjamin Chamberlain.facility", after •Agreed to.the readingand^ writingqualification^The bill was taken up and read.The first amendment made by the Committee on Financewastomake provision for wrapping-paper, mail-pajor, &.c. It wai agreed to.Mr. HUNTEK aaid it gave the interest to the con- as a slaver by iho British steamer Pluto, and delivered tractors in lieu of daaoages. to tbe Uniten Statessteamer Mystic. The 'captain wasisiu flue navigable order, ten feet deepandrising. MT. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) thought the amendment Boats are departing daily to all the river landingseminentlyjuetandproper.Mr. TOOMBS said lie wanted those who did thejforktocetthemoney. H«didnotwanttogiveitto "those who prowled about the Department una got the contracts and »ub-let them to honest men who did thework.. Messrs. RICE (Dem., Min.) and FITCH (Dem.,Ind.) opposed the amendment.Mr. DOODITTLE tRep., Wis.) said the amondmentthe damage; he had furnished She mcao» to carry on •bo rheumatism of the stomach. the service when the Government.failed to do so.pricesoftransportationshallbeatalltimeskeptposted in a conspicuous place in each freight house annotation, subjecttoinspectionduringbusinesshours. Acopvis also to be filed with the Auditor ofthe Canal Depart-itispayingapremiumfortheprivilegeoftransporting thcac points. It wasclear,too.to theminority,that through property. the loss of freight bv the >ew-\oriEauiioadswouidBeioreleavingthesubjectoftherelativemeritsof, notbeagaintotbecanals;thatthe1st,2dand3d the railroads witfcin and out of the State to control the • classes of through freight would move by railroad aswould give the Department endless trouble in deciding on the conflicting claims of contractors and sub-con-N>:w-HAVEN, Conn., Tuesdav, Feb. 7, 1860.Judge Charles A. Ingereoil of the United States least thirty days after its adoption or alteration, and York & Erie, and the Pennsylvania Central. The been taken from tbe past two yearw, pending a, sefyreThia privilege, which costs the Department v duce the fare.on the Buffalo and EneIvallToad. It waacourt; but tbetestitnony w given Khali not be it»edl« nay pro*. atoekholder* n,i:*t be Hecvnd-jurj-.•' ' "»' • • • • • • ' ' • • • • < '. -•"'-^ v' ':••:•.,•••• '.' •':' • • i '$i,8lJ(>,<H/0peruuuumjoughttolmabolished.': f} , A •JirpJe-remedy. ' * '*****'" erata would have benefits not.enjoyed by the Republi- tion of tbe lows relative to pauperism. - ' >' - ' ; i * This bfll was accompanied by a'yolummoua report, -• 4. It la demonstrated that Railroad Cor >or*tion« in this Stateimareprifientations. Licenses would b e given topoliticalfavorites,andthesystemwouldbecomeathejpost-OfHceAppropriationbillbytheSenateto-day,ter.!• •••-' <•>^:•••• •''•"•':[CommissionersofEmigrationandtheMarineHospital,memberscomposing;theCommittee,infevorofgoodsubservienttothecapriceorsupposedInterestoftheirco«Wpolitical element in the city. Suppose they give owing io »he disenseion of the franking privilege, a bondsforthefaithful performanceoftheirduties, memoriali*incirculationthiseveningamongthemail contractor^ now. her*) praying for the passage ;of thetroUing^efficera, and tenders nugatory tbe right of oar citizens to Governor,withtieconsentoftheSenate^of;tnree portopensbystating;thatthequestionisoneoffirst «Z5,v£1f"^5ttMd't«cr«»^Committee,andreportedbytlfem• fcow could the Mayor keep witnesses to prosecute bill as it can.'e from#^e House. If this cannot bedone sition bad *>omuch merit, it might carry itself thronch: shall.act in connection with the Health Officer and of last Winter on the subject, especially thereportofwithout delay, tbeytask that the interest clause and all the-Select Committee of the Assembly, which, says r«LS.1]?,l!^p0nkprinciP1« ta th« *"»• «f trad*, that aervioe" " the bond in a civil suit ? All auctioneers now give other objectionab.1© features be stricken out and left for • Mr. COLLAMER (Rep.,Vt.) caid %herewere special' physicians of the Marine Hospital. ; Mr. Flagler, "Established by its startling array of Potion! °°mp<,a,*i&>n *****•h*U **prot,atatOTi*xpco+lp laws requiring the Treasury Department to pay out Mr. MANLERRE brought in a bill autborizing the"l>onda in the penal sum of '$1,000 for the faithful future legislation, si^" g> »»conclusion, that their ne- seven bundred thousand dollars to the Pos^Oflioe De« tale by the State of all the space of ground and soil of "facts, tne existence and magnitude of the drscrimma- itLioseftfn^.^A1><,M!Bf ? # tk" reyblations and reetrfctioor' performance of their duties. What effect has this cessities are such as to require immediate action. partment on account of the transportation of free mat- tbe Hudson and East Rivers which has already been " tions against our citizens m the Railroad mawage- S t a ^ e a ^ n a ^ C ^ « ? * b , 5 b «M ^t to the dtteen. of ourio prevent mock auctions from swarming round theguration of MDIB-'S statue ot' Washington on the 22d inst. and the TrehsnTT would not be relieved. The subject ral:accretion or otherwise, and which lies outside ofation" sjraint and correction." The Committee adopt, as construction of raib^advami nlcfi hare been audacioMlr vrreatedfrom them to be cortferred^g"y%p^.lra^rV7to conclusive, the statements and • arguments of: that re- whom they are under no obUf^tioiiii. Wtfy. "lTMn•0^", *?,wCongress will take actuV*? on tbe subject of tbe inau- ter. If the ameto'niSnt passed, those laws still existed in whole or part reclaimed and filled in, either by natu- ^mentof the State, and the urgent necessity of re- Z S ^ Z ^ S Ju£?i *** ^^w****** promised them in the„ ' C ^ t y H a U 1 6 W h o h a s e v e r h e a r d o f t h e p r o s e c u t i o n- of such a bond ? Yet there is not an hour in the ed their willingnees to make a liberal appropriation to ought to be considered by itself.; •••--' ;• . , • New-York"under tne Montgomery Charter of 1730,A l a r g e n u m b e r o f M e m b e r s o.< C o T £ « » 8 S h a v e e x p r e s s - w a j 3 o n e r e q t n r i n g p r e p a ? .defraytheexpenseoftheoccasion. It is in contem- Mr.DAVIS advocated the adoptionoftheamend- or by anyother charterorgranttothecityfrom•theSo i t ' i n r e g a r d t o t h e p r o p o s i t i o n s t h e r e i n d i s c u s s e d ,'he Committee;nave spent much time in the investiga.tionof;thesubject,'andinlisteningtothepleasof the• . \ J . t r " ^ « « ^ o n P < > n t h e _ o i » t o ^ n t h a t u n d e r i t r a i l r o a d s i n s t e a d ofbeing-roinedoreven^crippled,!,, « r y ^ a i f f i e W o ? S 3 S ^nS^TJJof^hU ^^r a d xen^ne^TeTtn^ferlh;PoRTtANii, Me., Tuesday, Feb. 7—Midnight. iThere are as yet no signs of the steamship North• WILT.IAM BENNETT. 'intended to kill Mr. Sterritt, because of his (Sterritt's) course toward him (Davidson) in regard to the late Lowe tragedy.•'•Iffoscart Hall -Convention.SECOND PAY.clusion of the products of our own! citizens.The Committee notice the fact tliat while the. rail-lay, and without handling, and in barge quantities ofSubsequently Mayor Wood appeared in the hall,Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet at 1 o'clock. and was enthusiastically reeeived. In respone to the had offered this evening had been proposed in good.. .' .T otal..ti............•••.•••••«.•• .....44c & 100 IU.;Inttances of prorating are given when the N.. Y. and stating the reasons therefor. Further testimony isCentraland.HudsohRiverroadshavereceivedonly15alsocitedtoshowthatthi6samedifferenceinthepnceecents per bbl. for transporting flour from Buffalo to of through tover way freights exists, and has atwaya New-York. ."• • ' exiatcd,oncanals,rivers,lakesandocean,andofteninThe Committee believe the obWjtion raised against a gieater degree tnah ontherailroadp; which statementsthe^proposed bill that it will have^a tendency to divert were not contradicted bythe majority. In the opinion trade to other routes north and south of the State, to of the minority, the general charges that the State doesAdopted. calls^ofthe...members,Mr.WoodaddressedtheCon-faitli.Hemovedtliatsomuchofthefirstsectionbe Mr. SAULSBTJKY (Dem., Del.) introduced amend- vention. ; . ,.. , ., .- stricken out as'required the Supervisors to appoint In- mentstoMr.Davis'sresolutionexpressiveofdevotion JohnA.Greene,jr.,SamuelG.Courtney,Fernando spectors.andCavvaesers..WhathadNew-Yorkdone to.the Union, Sec. Ordered to be printed. Wood, J. M. Marvin, and D. W;' Candor, were ap- thatshe should betabodd^marke'd, spit upon, by suchMr. WILSON (Rep., Mass ) introduced the follow- pointed a Committee of Arrangements and Correpona- a measure as this was ? The motion was lost.ing:Hcwlecd, That a Committor ht> appointed to inquire Into tho extern oCr.he power and patronage of the President of the United States, 1n tbe power of removal nud appointment to office, and report the uuniber of offices of trustsud p&otit under the controlMr. A. SMITH said the Republicans could never •ence. • • ' • • . - . / ..•.:'• . •••.i-^.-ui Bubdue the independent spirit of the citizens of New-ture have net the right, though they may have the such as are under the control of the Heads of Departments, tion to Charlefctonvf01" the payment of the running ex-right to legislate for New-York, when she was unable within itself the element of its own destruction, and der, and may be confiscated whenever local interests orto govern herself properly. . popular opinion becomes corrupt enough to demand it.and the amount puld to those appointed to xuch offices; UIKO, furtlwr to inquire whether any power and patronage are exerted to influence the legislation of Congrex* or any elections in the States or Territories, and whether any, and what, suras of money are paid or required to be paid by persons holding offices of trust and profit as' contributions in support of elections, and to inquire whether the power and patronage are used by heads of Depart- ments over subordinate*, mechanics, and contractors; and also the allowance made to contractors of supplies and thoae em- ployed to purchase Government sites, vessels, engines, &c, trans- portation of stores, & c and report by bill or otherwise.: Ten p.m.—Mr. YOORHIES (N. Y.), is speaking the movement of property between the ssaboard and The minority 6tate that the allegation inthepeti-State Convention were ordered to be printed.After other business the Convention adjournedMneAt a late hour the Committee reported the bill as amended, and recommended its passage.From Our Own Correspondent.THE PRO RATA QUESTION." If New-York does not possess that route, it is in had been compelled to await the convenience of^ d e x a m i n a t i o n , a n d a n d a d j o i n i n g t h e g r a n t s m a d e t o t b e C o r p o r a t i o n o fhas Second Assistant. Then© gentlemen came here as was in the burdening of the mails with a large mass pi and'issue of real-estate bonds—the lands in question they regard as established beyond all cavil or contra-5. It contemplates compelling raiho»datoreco«5»'the*rea* principletheyhavesogenerallyandsogrievouslydepartedfrom. viz,; that the public good vrae the paramount consideration tvhich gave them being, and that to the promptionof th&MbUecandidates forthe principal station,and are'thus ac- documents. .„... commodated. . There is wild excitement for places. Mr. COLLAMER explained that, •previous to 1851,tobepledgedtoeecuresaidbonds. .' 'dictionj •?'&k&$Eaz'>%vi1. The propetr3^^eth> oUi7^na of other States la aUowed*Mr. Marsten to-day was pursued by hundreds of im- the Postmaster-General was limited in giving out contransportation on ttoBahroada of thia State for much lcaa pro- welfare, the supposed Tntereat ofjthe atockholdera U, anAofrightportunatemen andboys.It is said that onlv four or five of the thirty or moreASSEMBLY. ;\', '•'.:•,,^.' portionablythantheprodnctaofourowncitiaene.three-cent postage was estaMisbed in 1851,, it was'pro- p67»P.«^uwWwfV^»D»P<>rt«tiona» compared with tho otheroughttobe,Mc<ra4«iy9t»^09«rTJ«rie f; . ; :, Uf TflK MIKOnWlT KKPORT. ; - The minority report, which is also a formidable doc- ument, begins W complaining of. the unfairness of the:/"''.,•-..".."••;'•tracts by the receipts';of the Department. But*whe i "The bill to compel the attendance of witneeses h& r 2. CiUzenaof givenlocalltiea in thia State are compelled toThe subject of dismissals and appointments was under con^quenee was that the Postmaster-General had un- 8. Citizena of our State atfi at tunea enll-eT/a^barred fromconsideration to-day. The number of applicants is limited discretion, and could, if he chose,- increase the Tork.. sending their prodncta by New-York railroada, while tae entire petitioners and the inconsistency of many of their alle- .sanction by legislative action the perpetration Iof' morejhaa-twnally targe. expenses' to twenty or thirty millions. Mr. Collamer Progress was made on the bill to amend the act to force of tbeae roads is given for long pexioda, to moving the pre- gations, and while asserting that the New-York Central-crime. •;:..:.Wepublishonanotherpage7r. Washburne of Illinois, presided, and Mr. Colfax moved an .amendment repealing- the.acts of 1847 and prevent and.jpumsh prize-fightmg. A debate sprupg ferred property of citizena of other Statea.,Railroad is a "grindmgmonopoly/' asserts also that the railroads are transporting throngh 'freight for less thantheycanafford.Themajority'sreport,themi-Repndlic. ,Three ballots were taken, and on the last Mr. Mitch-exempting members from the payment of postage track in Brooklyn through Grand street to Newtown York Central Road carried flour from Sandusky to New-York at under oath, but which was noi permitted. The reportup,.because the bill compels parties to the fight to 4. Losses on freight carried for citizena of other Statea are not only made up, but Targe profits in the aggregate are secured bywas taken up2 but no action was had upon it, Mr. 65c per bbl. Tariff price, Buffalo to New-York. 70cthen alludes to the fact of legislation during past years becoming'more and more in favor of discontinuing spe- ciallegislation,andtbeadoptionofgeneralstatutes, which Bhould er able mdividuals to umte tbeir^capital,liability clause. . . :'\v:'ofthe Whole: per bbl. Tariff price, from Buffalo, Lockport, Bloomfieid, Uc.,the 25th ult.and 21 of the Oswego Canal enlargement. It provides After quoting much moreof the same sort, the Com- safety. The examinationof witnessesbefore the Com- Mr, H. A. Davidson went into the store of Duncan for extra compensation to the contractor who has en- mittee express the opinion that no extended remarks mittee, say the minority, elicited the subjoined,facts:,S h o c k i n g A f f a i r *Owego to Dunkirk, first clat»,b'3c; second, 47c.; third, 35c";the bill to provide,the speedy completion of sections 20 fourth, 27c per 1C0lbs. had a right to look to the State for the guaranty of itsHAWKSVILLK, Kyi, Tuesday, Feb. 7,1860.<fc Brothers, in this place, yesterday, with a lighted bombinabasketofeggs. Thebombexploded,blow- ing the store to pieces and wounding tne following persons: • . : '1. That the Railroads ran two separate freight trains, one for \way business, and-the other fer through; that the two.are en- tii«yydistinct,eachemployingseparateag«nvies,andbeingcon- ducted on different principles, the one but slightly dependent upon or influencing tne other.HON. W M . STEHRTTT, C. B. DUNCAN,J . G. DUNCAN, JOSEPH REAMNO,3. That Winter rates were higher than-Summer rates.(N. Y.) moved to amend the second section of the bill, containing the reading and writing qualification so that the Board of Supervisors be authorized to employ professors, of elocution and penmanship for tha purpose of examining the appointees, and that no one should|be considered qualified unless such person could read and write 150 words per minute. Lost.Mr. A-A. MYERS moved to amend it so as to re- quire the appointees to speak the German language fluently. Lost.Mr. CALLICOTT moved that the appointee should be a person able to cypher correctly. Lost.Mr. MILLER moved to strike out the words, " withnot less than 300 tons, while the way business em- roads hold it as impracticable to apply the principle of ployed nearly the entire force of the road, and was car-Mr. CALLICOTT remarked that tbe amendment heporvisors to appoint inspectors of election? Miv M I L I J K E N thought the LegislatureWhile, eay.the Committee, diversions for a time may most of the petitions, tliat private property m railroadshad a became the prey of personal cupidity and public pluu- be produced by artificial means, the effort containschant, dead at Way uesbnrgh, on Monday. The Sheriff, with a posse, in attempting to arrest him, met re- act in relation to the Transportation of Freight on the may protract tbe warfare, the result in favor of the freight department ofthe New-York Central JRail- sifc'tance. He shot 'Walker dead, and also fatally several Railroads in this State," has been printed and New-York is inevitable. road, that between the 20th of October and the 20tfa wounded his wife and child.Trial of HazieU. •CHARLESTOWN, Tuesday, Feb. 7, I860.Capture Of an American Slaver. '«&» -. BOSTON, Tuesday, Feb. 7, I860.or floated down,the Mississippi and along the ocean without change.The minority urged that this difference in price couldThe second amondment was to the thirdsection,providing that interest should only be paid to contract-ors themselves, and be in full of all claim lor damages,'and providing that no interest is to be allowed, on the ports having left St. Helena, Dec. 2,7. The bark charge n*.t exceeding 40 cents per tun m*y be made face of the earth for direct lines and freedom from difference the amount of products in the market was last quarter; Orion, of New-York, Capt Morgan, had been capturedThe ship Alarm, Capt. Mathews, from Calcutta, re-respectively at which each class of articles will bo tmnsportedper ton per mile. It also provides that acoast. Across this isthmus, connecting tbe inland seas not operate against the interest of the producer* of with tidewater, we have a canal,unparalleled on the New-York State, unless it could be shown that by theAll telegraphic dispatches -filed at the Amevica'n ber, inclusive,vmilk, garden vegetables and fruit ex-below. ••'••• • —* -.•. t.,--,.• Election in ISinghamton.+. •to keep dov>ix . .- ,. . ,. „„__... . ,Condition of the Ohio'-River. pARKEKSBunfin, Va., Tuesdav, Feb. 7, 1.860.earnings. -.-BI>OUAMTO4V, N. X.J Tuesday, Feb. 7, I860.At the charter election to-day a Democratic nuijority ment at Albany, within ten days after its adoption, or movement of property between the Western States now,a» well us a portion of the 4th,the canal geitiug theofthe Council Board was elected.S e r i o n s I l l n e s s o f J n o ^ ealteration, which copy, or a transcript thereof, shall be and seaboard, the impression remains with your'com- other portion. The allegation that the roads hadcaa-1W4. .lc. Cm. of the lrankiug privilege after' the firtt of May, but Strangers are present from'various parts of the coun- sion, in addition to the ruilroad tariiV. 1098. I . I «»that all persons now entitled to the privilege are ex- try. On Wtdreedfiy Messrs. Alleu'and ParkerIwill ad- Section 3 provide* against railroad companies vary- 185!). ..1 2' empted from tbe prepayment of postage. dress the, Conventio'n on Pomology. Discussions take ing their published rates by indirection. (Ijis av.. It;. 4.1-10m.30.by the corporation; but express companies, engaged in 186. ..1 41855....1 2 W . . . . 1 - J 18S7....1 <»'.1858.... 1 3 ',.;;'1856....,v, io. S 2-10m. Gys:av.lc. 0' MOm. Hatf-yast W o'Cloek F» m.—The Republican Mr. JIAMJ>IN (Rep., Me.) said, the amendment had place each evening. ' . - ' 1 ^ectiojj 4 ditto. ..! ' By the for'eAg it will appear that the greaterMr. T^tUMBUIX (Rep., Il».) denounced the abuse of the finking privilege. He-wanted to' see the whole system a'bolisned, anu moved to strike oat the last^SENATE....ALBANY, Feb. 7, i860-DefVees and-Mr. Mitchell of TA« St. Louis New, c'uvse which would saddle trie expense upon a con- "A score of remonstrances were presented aifaiuw*. the servant shall violate this act, and upon eetablishhip; delpbia for the Western trade, the fact that of-flourI n g e r s o l l .legal evidence in any court in this State of the said agreement, classification, <fcc. Such arrangement, clas- sification, price. &-c, is to remain unchanged for atmittee that but three routes among all tho railroads named before your committee can upon their merits be esteemed competitors, viz;, New-York Central, New-ried freights at prices not remunerative to the company was not, in the opinion of tbe minority, sustained, arid the instances of low freights cited by the majority badDistrict Court, was living at 9 o'clock this evening, but the pi o-; ata price for transportation shall in no case be relative cost of movement of [these three lines, we find competition for tlie through trade, and which luwl onlv tractors. The contractor was the man who suffered Was in a dying condition! His disease is supposed to changed at any alteration more than 30 per cent from by reference to the repbrts of these roads, respect- been retained by our lines being able to carry as io wthe lowest priee ofthe current vear. .Section 2 provides that no railroad corporation per-mit any other person or party to transport or forwardively, to be as follows, viz:an the Southern roads. The minority statev in conclu- sion, that this whole warfare on our railway interest* is founded in prejudice, interest, or mistake;, that no legislation can correct tnese difieoeuces in freights, and that the ability of the roads to command western freights at all ties in their power at any niomen: to alterjtheir tariils so as to meet their rivab in Western cities on terms of equalitv. It is this ahlity to fall that ktepB competing roads in check, and is the only means of co/sreiujr them into terms; aud BO evident Is this that no greater boon could be prolfered to other roads than .Kucu.it hill as the majority rawuimoud to tie our own roads hand and foot, and sucieudod them to the meiTV of their foos. It is at onca false, uoju«i» and suicidal. • ". - "- . 'WKST WASHINGTON MAlUvXT.Mr. Manierre iutrodaeeda bill in the Senate to pro- vide for the sale of West Washington Market, aud other similar property belonging to the State, in the City of New-Y ork.. . •';•.-> t.j>;•.... &&QMr. Hammond of Steuben mado a very able, bold,manly and effective wpeechto-day ontheirrepressibleconflict, in reply to Senator JLawrence,who commencedthe agitation of the forbidden subject about a week,ago. The Senate was in Committee of the Whole onthe Governor's Message, and Mr. Hammond spokeabout, an tour to a very attentive Senate, and a verylarge and deeply-interested audience of ttpett&tjn&uJUcivil action against the corporation whose officer and rivalries between the Cities of Now York and l>bila- : the violation, recover judgment against the company and other Western produce passing over that road, 50passage of any, act for the-removal-of the East RiverSteamboat landing. ..•••':'•.; ••*v/-•••.•• •-'•• • - : for .$1,000, which judgment shall belong to the plaiotitf ter cent is d^stmed directly to New-York, Boston; and*•The bill to inc(orpora*e tjie Industaial Fund Associa- nithe acticn, but such plaintiff must give; satisfactory Pro^idrnee; would seem a cbncluwve answer." *II2fA majority of the Judiciary Committee submitted a writtenreport,infavorofth«'passageof kheTresolutiontecurity in the sum of $250 for cbstB bcfoWcommehcbagSUlt.--. . !.-,-? • ',-.. . :•. ,•: .« {, .••,;••:.: \ , y ; ••.;•' . , • Sac. ,7. Every person nft'enuuig, or claiming to have offended,The Committee, after noticing the fact that the Bub-joccof regulating railroad freight >>usbieiisis nnderhonestdebtsoftheGoveininartt,andtheSenateshould not embarrass action by introducing subjects not ger-uia'uthereto. . . ,Mr TOOMBS said, the ihari contractors had no moreclaim'lhan any >th.-r class, of the public creditors. ported complete for the consideration of the Senate. , tioTted, or in any c/uhi»i»l action or proceedfnp, and may be com- l The law culla raflroad corporutiona mto being on tbe 'ground pelled (<>H wlineage* are compelled i u other similar cafMsirl to np- tbht Uuilr coAHrucuon and u»e will promote the public good. T o Now was the be£t nine to get this reform through; Mr. ABELL reixirted mvwabl^ on theIrtiPto re- pear and che.evidence before any inugiittrate, Rraiul j"ryi or auy t|rt* public Rood or fteueia: welfare the pecuniary interest* oT jh*consideration at the present time in the Legislatures of to amend ihe Constitution in relation to the jndiciavy. oyiiD«t.eitli«ir of tne provision* of thU act, unall be « ooxhpetwut Pennsylvania, Obio,1 and Marvlaud, conclude their,Mr. Colvin makes a minority report agUinstrfche same. witueag apiainat. ary other penion or corporation, ao offendingThe bill to amend the Brooklyn Water Act was re aiiauist any of the provinionB thereof, or report with the following summary: V:>•<.-;< <;-"-•;-.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comIn action hertjin. »«en-May. New-York Central: Flour, Toledo to New-York, 35cElection and Canvassers in the City of New-York.The House, in Committee of the Whole, considered clnse, 55c-; second, 47c.; third, 35c; fourth, 27c. per 100 lba.;, the cost of the entire Erie Canal—the railroad systempro rata in fixing rates of freight in this State, yet therailroad officials acknowledge that different, roads proirate with each other, and numerous instances werebrought to the notice of the Committee showing the by freight carried through the whole line. Because practice to be very extensive. For instance, on the or the higher rates per mile- charged in way 23d of November the New-York Central took beef freight than in through freight, the majority insisted from Chicago to Boston at 44 cents per 100 pounds, that an "unjust disenmination'' was made "against which was pro rated between the several' lines over tlie citizens of our own State, and in favor of the citi-become proportionably inferior, and however long they attention of the Committee. On the contrary, it has been proven by Mr. Drullard, the superintendent ofSection 1 of Mr. Flagler's bill provides that each and the isthmus between these seas and tidewater. She when cattle were "transported at remunerative rates,make a classification in the order from highest to low- the surplus products of the'whole country will, finally off theft- cattle on the line for a week's pasturage, andbeen before the Senate investigating Committee. The est of all property usually carried by it and desig- concentrate, whether transported over natural or un- then forward them without additional expense. Butnumber of witnesses summonedfor the Commonwealth amountstoabou;.forty,butallwillnotbeexamined.nate the several grades and orders as class 1st, 2d, natural routes, whether lifted over the peaks of the at the time - alleged this was refused, on account of 3d, 4th, J&C; and no article sliall appear in more than Allegany and Cumberland Mountains on the south, or the low rates of transportation. The result was, the one classification. Such classification shall contain along the borders of perpetual frosts upon the north, cattle took the cars at Buffalo, and went through full and complete specilications of the rates and pricesfor loading and unloading goods. For those articles lockages, with resources for supply of water for any so increased as to lower the prices of the products, which are usually transported by the car-load, emergency. IJpon ftus canal transportion isthird onlv which had not been pretended. As regards the alle- barrel, package, or ether . known quantity, to the ocean in cheapness, and upon the eve of a still gation, that this difference had diminished the value of1ni :\iif'• i•!•IMr. CHESTNUT (Dem., S. C) thought it did great imprisoned at St. Helena by order of»the American and not -*-y the tun, the specifications may- greater development in that direction, without ex- land, the minority show, from the reoords-of•the Con- injustice toassigm-ts. Cotsul. The Orion had on board when-she was cap- be made by the car load, barrel, &c, specifying hausting resources, in the way of improving and troller's Department, that the increase ofthe assessed Mr. Ill'NTER said the latter could have their claims tured 1,023 slaves, of whom 152 died, before reaching the iate per mUo for the car load, barrel, &c, with cheapening,"? valuation or real and personal property, between the adjudicated m court. What was wanted was to,clear St. Helena. " specific SVJUIS for loading and unloading, which shall • The inland eeas and tide-water are also connected by years 1848 and 1858, during which time the railroad the United States of any claim for damages, and pay _ •—?* ; — :•; • ; . . ,r, • not exceed 40crtiits per inn. Freight shall be received a railroad 298 miles in length, of nearly air-line ami system of the State had been perfected, was G9 per- the interest tothoseonlywhocouldreleasetheGov- Beatli of an Eanincnt Clergyman. andtransported,whetherat way-stations orateither water level. Upon the south, 2,700feet of higher cent;thatfromtheyear li538to1848,whilethecanal*ernment.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. II.) wanted to know whetherthe irterest was confined to the deiieieucy of lastWASHINGTON, Tuesday, Feb. 7,1860. terminus of the road, with all possible dispatch, and in grades must be overcome, together witH#barp curves; were in the full-tide of success, and before the railroads The Charleston. Courier of Saturday records the the order in which it shall be received or proffered; upon] the north, a circuitous eleven hundred miles of had become extended, was 3£ percent, and that theJMr. HUNTER said yes.Mr. HADE rbooght this woald set a dangerous pre-New-Englandan-eminent Episcopal clergyman.railroad, located through a latitude of intensity of frost and snows unknown to our favored iuthinus. This'al- lusion to the general merits of the routes between the Western States and the seaboard is deemed by your Committee sufficient, and beg to refer to Document No.increase from 1838 to 1838, when the influence of the canals was most felt iu developing the resources of tho State, the increase was 91 per cent.cedent. Tbe PostmasterGeneralgoesonmakingcon- tracts just as though Congress bikd made an appro- priation.Mr. HUNTER replied: the Postmaster General is compelled by law to mase these contracts. The Post- master General did not pledge the Government to pay interest. Con#r£ss allowed it in lieu of I'unuageB.After further debate and trifling modification the amendment was adopted.;Mr. TUOMBS (Dem., Ga.) moved an amendment to include sub-contractor* who actually performed the service, in the benefits of the bill. Adopted.Mr. HUNTER moved to reconsider, on the ground thar.theDepartmentdidnotknowthe sub-contractors.Sailing of the America. BOSTON, Tuesday, Feb. 7,4.860.The Royal Mail steamship America will sail j.'ov Jiv- erpool at noon to-morrow. "The mtuls will close at 9 o'clock to-morrow moraing.The raking of through freight at a less price per tundeath of the Rev. Cranmore Wallace, formerly ofsnd freight shall be transported at the same rate pertun, car-load, &c., per nule for short i distances as longdistances, iu other words pro rata. When any arti-cle shall be transported, which shall not he classified,it shall be taken at the price of the lowest classifica-tion. The rate per mile'on the highest classification 178ofthe Legislature of 1859, for the full and statistical per milo the minority held to be justifiable, becauseshall not.exceedthe lowest by more than double the price charged-on the lowest; bree, coal, fresh meats, transported betweenthe months of May and Novem-proofs ofthe position assumed by your Committee in the above general terms, with the allusion only to the testimony of those several railroad companies, as given in their annual reports, as to the percentages of cost tothat the fact of the'rolling stock and equipments being in order and used principally for tlie way busbies*, could take through business in addition without mate- rially increasing the expense, and at a cost much-lea* than tbe overage of its ordinary business,: and further, ,;iuy fraction of a mile shall be considered a mile, and rjo arti c!e shall be transported for a less compensation in the aggregate than 2o cents.more, the loss of the through trade, which, by, the either terminus, any precedence or preference over any 4. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, 6Cper cent of ?ro«a net earo- proofs, was inevitable xmderii pro-rata, \voti^ite-trau*ponatk'ii. quoted instances are anyindicationsofthecharacter ton,anlPortland,attheexpenpeof^ew-York,bythe It is provided that a copy of the classification and of its through traffic, it would appear at present that gradual diversion of the commerce of the country to1. NewrYork Central, 53 per cent of arross freight earnings.2. New-York and Eri««, 58 per centot gross freight earnings.3. Pennsylvania Central Railroad, 59 per cent of gross freight_No lailroad shall give to any station upon its line, orAt this point, 200 miles below Pittsburgh, the river t other station in the use of its facilities in the matter of Of the Grand Trunk, we have no reports; but if , douod to tbe interest of Philadelphia, Baltimpra, Bos-bigs.••,••:'•"'• ••>-•• ".-; . . ' ••:,!.; • .-. ...;;••••; ;l '•/>.• ;.;: -..'...': f ;51;•'^<K'X.1,2. That difleTent and higher rates were charged for way freight than for through. .ried in small quantities for short distances; nor was it proved in a single instance that way freight wus ever delayed a moment in consequence of any interference  