 Mow» tOQ6«f thft*n*etheaaaa cvarnct. A>r i n f o r m s u s p no>e. pededf. ji-*oardod t h e raries of the •av and hung his bac*; ltd>K Finally, o w, and slid need *e©V with"-corn,sot from theiHbrinra wag andtbeband . ' : . • : tfard Bank, o f ad on Tnurt^ it the htoda^ JO•Mr.-Weber,wo with this s »dav^lea^n" bathefcnev*ror have beAid by one ofmee* onr ro- teatfiir,bqtid him when for»h»ifi;withaninjuactioe aily, which, »erter hold* •n for in any!» abont to> of ooorjagalseif TOmeetBT8U?Academy, aeeeof idle- taea and the ionin.Get* rpeared.»ofwhoso •Oopenheiai his iiiu#»for h is in - Q caimnga ideatablish-hasbeen 1 the grant the pra&(bred ranch t, and well ' y still sa<> iehoneeofa sufficient size for the purpose a n d with it the negro. instant, the undersigned were appointed a Committee terest. ing on Thursday night, and one of them is also charged•wastiedbe?onoallpossibilityofescape!Hewas.then todevisemeasureswherebythesympathyofour OTHERDECISIONS. with.havingthreatenedtoteardownanddestroythenewfihan>; mind.waa BnthneJaaray athe*statetheworkto re well an<5 ie of whost >f moretha^ -politician"*i the man- .. In these •vai of Ital- > an printed, ilenzi"and JWB: .your work,ll. andin-tan coming > vindicate restinthe ry view of rnment. |I se,' and & a rightview,, tan pitriota n wakening: e doney.ouKngli&h i s nch a style action' as in newithmeExchequer •air: f6,3843.: upon Italy ratification. «r before I s which in« on of your 3 profound eh be^omee lis—beanti- ;U.Ihope an opportu- sry obliging ;yourfaith-trwho w as t t h e Long reatment of > jar recov- itheroad, ad, is doingan English grand jury, > court with i Blackburn oalform f o r ministration leriifof.the &vthesame Steaded, bat uid jury, a s ancetoper^ e considered sod that thepicing them »grand j u r y a before the dug a nam* said that he i, and said :o proceed. 6 on, when oulder, andThe High tfened that lis h a d n o ;he Jastice >dupontotheHigh aznmit hint tbb adauu-reuponre*" t sensatioit anerooa iait a eorre-BLaCkbarxi in answer, Ai toward i to be i a tUrcoarti,,Theday,although as we have said,generallypro- blood,haveinnocasethat we have heard of, made for anaccounting. Mr.Gardiner then proceeded toshowby any earnest interference to save the wretched victims; voluminous affidavits, that the defendants here, after havingpitious, was in some respects unfavorable to a fair test but have on the contrary, ofcan killed with their obtained ten months' time, on repeated applications to the oftheeditingqualitiesoftherespectiveyachts,owing bayonetsandswords,withoutregardtoageor.sex, Courts,fortheallegedpurposeofputtinginananswer,demurred DailyAdvertisersays: ••••'../.street to the foot of West Thirty-fourth street, while store had been burned. Other witnesses wereex-amined, w h o in a measure corroborated the above. At theconclusionoftheexamination, JuatioeKelly heldLamberttoanswerinthesumof$10,000.Win. G. Lambert, father of the prisoner, became his surety*./•:.?" abject poverty, with not a crust to eat, and hardly a attorney could not get them before, and when they were return-whenthemildweatherofsummerpermits thesepoor butthesignatureserased,sothatthecommissionswere notina thebestyetheldin theState—the experienceoffor-really fortunate that itcame down asitdid,foritBtances,norforanypurpose,giveoursupporttoanyticketwhioh we have n o voice in putting in nomination; ana we alio cor- dially invite our German fellow-citizens to co-operate with us i ncany ing out this resolve and in any other efforts to stay this Ud«of political corruption.ft It wired, That the recent interference with tbe politics of tbo Ward by a squad of police under the leadership of Capt. Sqtre*and SergeantXaffiin is Reserving of the severest reprehensionand*, should be sternly rebuked.HAMILTON WADE, 'President. Enwrw STBWAKT, Secretary.imen.eilected hisescape. Theprisoners were committed to answer man'sbaton and knocked down. The result was a "roughand £ ^ T ? .'A *T, SawaparillaVbnt often no cnraSvJ Hence bitter aao paikfuf dtoppoiBfeaeatthefight." .Christian and benevolent public the following appeal yin behalf of 75,000 people, moet'of whom are womenWilliam Dodge et al., agfc. J . Stewart et al.—Weagree with the Court below in dismissing the libel, and affirm the decree. • • ...,'•'are not made, public, and several have been expelled from the society.and more eepeciaby after rounding the outer stake- boats'sundry interesting episodes occurred in therivalrieso fof Beir El Kamer a n d many flourishing villages, a s Basse it Hord, without notice to Mussina, and without provision farSouth.asfSidon,havebeendestroyedandmany fortheprotectionofhisinterests;thatBasse&Hord,afterthe purchase, denied Museum's right, and refused to account, asnoise, and by rude and indecent behavior. .Mr. Joseph Wellwood made an affidavit thAtonthe high character he attained, as a man and as a Judgesustaining her acknowledged reputation as the fastest boat of her size that has yet been modeled.hundred and fifty towns and villages have been utterlySIR: At a meeting of the Eleventh Ward Republican«S«»i..,.*« ^,r-iy-P.,<.iv:,vNEW-YORK Inthe^su*iroe. byaccidentorotherwise,the*»vk, ; „jv« lnvis mi*:•:^%X •^£ ' ./'•&*.§#$ A WStM mm ' •, . | j•••- .;•;..(•,alii iiiiim m¥&.-• - 'i*-—T$e Petersburg (Va) Express gives the followingascotmtoftherecsptorebyMr.Davalofaslave,who teeinthecaseofDr.Richards. ThedutiesofthisFred. Hazeltin'e, jr., agt. Chaoncey Clark .et aL—HenryG.Babeocksgt.WilliamH.XriUieton.-- oneofthemostattractive,fourhandsomelittlesquares madeuponhersuscepticleheart,feelingtheweightxana^ayfiyeyearsago.atRichmond:l'>. .•**:-'Whsnhe was about to take him the negro brokeCommitteewerefinishedlastJanuary..Theirentire correspondence in the matter, when published, will demonstrate th*t theirdutieswere performed thor- oughly, but with scrupulous fairness.The assault a t Mr. Bacon's house w a s committedduringtheabsenceofthelatterfromtown,but.whilehis younger brother, Dr. Francis Bacon, was there ona visit. Dr.Richards entered thehouse violently,wentthrough theparlor toward Mr.Bacon's study, agedconditionofthecomcompelleditssalehere,theship,how->away, and fought with terrific fary against his tnasteri. .'.:FRAUDULENTINVOICES.. •'..,.ateverycorner.AlltheinclosuresjhavebeenneatlywithLukeGallagher,ayouthof20Summers.Mar- Benj. W.Pycock-was arrested Thursday, chargedand the police'officers who accompanied him. He was finally rabdoed, handcuffed, and safely placed on board thetrain. Atthehalf-waystation,Mr.Davalle^the cars with his negro, and placing him in a buggy, drove towardhome. Theyhadnotproceededfarbefore the negro succeeded i n getting one o f the handcaffs o f , assailed b i s master with desperation, evidently withwitli passing fraudulent invoices o f Sherry, wine throngh the sodded, and at the proper season trees will b e planted garet had ever been an iudueti ions and frugal penom, wasaquestionwhethertheoVnersareentitledtofreightona CustomHouse. HewasaboutdepartingontheGreatEastern andflowersandshrubberytaketheirallottedplaces. andduringthecourseofalonglifeatservicehadever, refitting and following xxp the voyage,and in coming back met Mrs. Bacon, demanded where NBLSON, C.J.,held that\on theprinciple ofthe caseFIRST DISTRICT COURT—AUG. it—Before Judge STBWART. tJASE OFTHENELSON SISTERS.propertycontiguous,but,strangetosay theextraex- coinoftbeUnitedStates.iof the counsel in Cturt. 1 have found n o reasonNor ground for changingthe^direction(tiventotheJury,eitherastothelawor the facts, and refer to that charge as expressing my views of the ca»e.withoutagaingoiDgoveritindetail. Motionfornewtrial denied. .:-.-.•.. \,:";;.. ,..-:.•:.,;•..,•••.,•: ••,•;•'•••••:.••.,:>-;'••-QUESTION I N CLATM O F FREIGHT. V ; : ; .granted. .,,..-'•!..'. • ,',....' ',./.'.'•.•UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE—Atro. 1 7 . - , BeforeCommisrionerSTltrwati..• •- •/-'•having.been laid out and inclosed with ineat iron rail- of years and single blessedness accumnlating upon her, ings.Eachsquareis40feetwile,by.about200inresolvedtochangehercondition.Whileinthisamia- length,witha,gateateitherend,and.lightedbylamps blestateofmind,herevilgeniusbroughtherincontact*x Mvivmm mm*•»Si -Campaign Club held on "Wednesday evening, Aug. 15, the fol- >N ThefollowingisthereportoftheJudgesappohatedbutthemulberryforestsandtoevinesofthemiserablefendants'counselwasswearingthathewaspreparinghishasissuedaprogrammefortheirensuingfair,whichisthatanexcursionwillbemadeearlythismorningtolowingpreambleandresolutionswereunanimouslypassed,to-bytheCommitteeoftheClubontheRegatta,madeup in accordance with the rules of the New-York Yacht Squadron:inhabitants,who,twomonthsago,werelivingincom-answer,andgettingextensionoftimeonthatstatement,hewas doing no such thins. Mr. G . continued that the demurrer w a s overruled by Judge Davies, in an elaborate Opinionin 4th Abbott;tocommenceinjElizabe.t.bonr,be4thofSeptember,and Eeyport,toseeadiverwalkamileunderwater. getherwithamotion that THKTMHVXK be requestedtopub-iSloop Narrapnwett SchoonerBoxriteStarW>d. Camein.H.2H.45 5.08.40 1L3L50 ,5.5717.putintheiranswer,verifiedbyAlfredDeGroot.who(Mr:G. should be wanting wherever this desofating wave may said) had never been in connection with Ailing,who was one ofroll. "Tensofthousandsofpeoplehavebeenruined theparties'defendants;thatonthe22dOctober,1858,defeadants " —their houses burned to the ground, their crops de- applied for and obtained an order for commission; that direct arid "stroyed,theirflocksandbeastsofburden stolen, cross-interrogatories.wereperemptorilyservedondefendants,and "their father*, sons^ brothers, husbands, friends, mas- that on thelfith of February the commission were ready to be sentto their destinations; that on the 1st of April defendants' counsel " sacred in cold blood,"—we quote the language o'" obtained permiss'on tojoin i,n,the commissions, and served his one-ofourcountrymen (theRev.Mr.Jessap),who directinterrogatories,andplaintiffspromptlyservedtheircross; was an eye-ioitness—" and they are turned out pen- that plaintiffs then obtainod, in part, from the County Jud?o of Richmord, various extensions, embracing 103 days, in which to "niless, homeless, andalmost literally destitute of serveredirectinterrogatories, atthe.expiration of.which time " clothing, to live upon the charities of others, or die (Mr. G said) they did not serve "them, nor obtain additional "ofexposureandstarvation.Thousandshavefledtotime;thatinJune,1859,pendingtheirapplicationforextension " Beyrout,and other thousands are scattered through the of time to serve their redirect interrogatories, defeniants' counsel requested a loan o f plaintiffs', commissions from plaintiffs' attor-.11.43.244.56.55" land; The poor people—Protestants (converts through "the labors of the American missionareis), Marouites, a and Greeks a)ike-i-are driven about and slaughteredsuggest.[N. B. Mercury, 15th.THE REV.DR. RICHARDS.gramme for which will include readings from Shakes- peare and o her poets and dramatic authors.Schooner"Widrwon Schooner Bessie. Sloop Julia..1143.30 6.81.17 .12.45.30 6.09.17WrSITTNQ BOATS. FIRST CZ.«SS—Schooner Madgie, •loop Julia.ne>, and lost the same; that new commissions were got out, b y consent, on the 24th of December. 1859,; that plaintiffs' attorney sent them to defendants' counsel for the specific purpose of get- ting consents to t h e settlements, as stipulated; that defendants'ting: o f double teams take place, and a t 1 p. m. there will be a grand parade of prize animals, after whichblacklegs.Retotoed, Tbat, having protested in vain, to the Central Com-THIRD CLASS.premiums, beside books, silver ware, and diplomas. EEMARKABLE DESCENT O F A FLAG ST AFF.—For ity of the Republicans of the Ward:The premium list has been enlarged, and several de- Whereat, For a long time every primary election o f tfc»fects noticed in previous years have been corrected.' A some months past a very fine building, with marble Eleventh Ward Republican Association baa oeeu controlled by- Committee h s s been appointed on discretionary pre- front, has been in course of construction on lot No. 74 ballot box stuffers and shoulder-hitters who have n o regard foeRepublicanprinciplesonlysofaraatheycanbemadetorob- miums. Two special premium^ of $100 *ach are offered Chatham street, and being now nearly completed, th e Berve their own selfish ends; and no election being ever held i n forthefastesttrottinghorseaMtrottingteam—tobe thesaidAssociation,foranypurpose,withouttheperpetrationof owned in the State. T h e usual arrangements have owner caueed to be erected from the roof a very tall the grossest, frands, and sometimes of acts of open violenoe i fsjccoxn CLASS. SloopMallory•••••••••..••......•.11.31.40 4.56.50 Sloop Mtaaerstag :...il 33.32 4.57.33 Schooner America 1183.55 6.20 17 Schooner Re**]*}**........,,. ......Tl 3626* 5-58.45 SchoonerJuliet '.....'.........11.3652 5.53.25 Schooner Haze .'. 11.36.59 5.06.32 riJWT OU&8.SchoonerMaggie ".......1133.09 5.0250been made for tbe transportation of araeles over the fl8g staff,'surmounted by a heavy gilt ball and the fig- tbe least ber of' SchoonerKavoxit*.... ............1139 21 5.39.23in the afternoon the riDg will be open to practice. O n lence of a nigh wind, a large crowd was gathered in sen* have "fixed things under the lead of a certain Washinglon- Wednesday the military parade and review by the Market potato dealer, who is seldom present except when his Governorwilltakeplace,andhorseswillbeexhibited. frontofthebuilding,lookingattheswayingoftbepole^J tickfctistobe"putthrough?' therefore, l"Retolved, Ths.t w e respectively invite a l l Republicans o f t h » On Thursday morning there will be the trotting match and expecting ever r moment to see i t blown down. Wardoppofed to ballot-box stuffiur, corruption, violence andof single teams, and the.plowiDg match; in the after- But they were disappointed. Yesterday, however, the fraud, to unite with tbe Eleventh Ward Republican Campaign noon the equestrian display; -on Friday the address. Club, in order to stay, and if possible, break down this disgrace- wi!lbedelivered,premiumsannounced,andthetrot- poledidcomedown,butinsuchamannerasnottoen- fulsystemofpoliticalbrokerage,worthyonlyofthievesorSfcCoxn CLASS—Schooner Hsze, sloop Mallory.TH : s » CLASS—Schooner Bonita, sloop Narragansett." like sheep, and if they escape with their lives, it is in counsel retailed the papers uniil May 8, i860; and pi lintiffs'danger the lives of passers b y . I t made a perpendicu-the Fair will close. The Committee have endeavored, lar descent through the six floorings and ceilings ofthe mittee against these outrages upon our rights as freemen, w «F . TribuneSra: The account published by you on the 15thofButwhatneedisthereofwords?Therearemoreatalltimes;th%tthedelayinpreparingtheanswerwaswholly than 75,000 wretched people; many o f them widows Caused by bis clients' absence; that counsel for defendants had, and orphans, homeless,ehe'terless, in want of food, of in fact bten oompelledto grope almost entirely in the dark inT+dUMMtoro/TUN.fortable and many of them affluent circumstances, have.been destroyed—as if these demons in human shape that after the overruling of' the demurrer, and a delay of seven- were resolved that no quality or ingredient of misery teen months from the commencement of. the action, defendantscontinue four days. Over $6,000 are offered in cash. . . • . lish the same as expressive of the sentiments of tho great major -The Julia took the Champion prize, having made theshortesttimebyanapplicationoftheaverageallowance "ragontheirbacks." Andifsuchbetheirstatenow, edtheconsentshadtheappearance ofhavingbeoD once given, tomakethemostamplearrangementstohavethisf*irbuilding, stopping only a t th e ground floor. I t is appeal from that Committee to the people, confident that they wiQ sustainusinsaying,aswenowdo,wewillnot,underanyoironrn-oftheseveralclasses.condition to be,sent out In conclusion, Mr. G. insisted that de- fendants had no defense on the merits, and that their every step in the suit, up to this time, wis to secure delay; that plaintiffs" counsel, having obtained possession of plaintiffs' commissi' ns andinterrogatories(•whioh,asstat«d.weresenttohtmforthe 8peci6o purpose of getting consents to the settlement of the in-mer years having informed them of the proper methods to improve it.:..-.•' »THEDROUTHINSOUTHJERSEY.—The farmersinSouth Jersey have suffered severely from the latedrouth. T h e high anticipations occasioned b y fallcropsofgrass,wheat,andoats,ofanabundantyear, ing,give..anentertainmentatHopeChapel,thepro were eradicated by the Ion a--continued d r y weather.JSevhBtdJord, Ang. 15, f860." Intheevening,themembersoftheClubwithotherPOETICAL EVENING —We are permitted to announce that Mrs. Adah Isaacs Menken will, on Monday even-invited guests, were entertained a t the residence of the Hon. 'Joseph Grihneil.This morning the Squadron will disband, each vessel taking such course as the dictates of the owner may" work to be done; all business is at a dead stand." terrogatories, as was stipulated between the attorneys), withheld'J. C. DELANO, TXI03 N Y E JR. JONA.' BOURNE, JB-creataresto live in the open air, what will it be threemonths hence when the cold of winter has set in ?A sto these people finding work, in order to snstain them-selves.Mr.Jessup rightly remarks:"There is.nowould otherwise have fallen in some haps, have caused a IOSB of life.gale,a n d , per-There is no pafety in the country, and all agricultural labor has ceased. Our American missionaries at Beirut and at two or three other stations where they have been permitted to remain, will soon have exhausted their personal resources in aid of the thousands of these poor creatures who have fled to them. .them for six months, plaintiffs were now compelled to move to vacate tht-ir own commissions, satisfied that the o n l / object the defec dan'n had in view, in HII their proceedings, was delay-Lot C. Claik, Esq., in reply, repudiated the allegations of bad f « t l on the part o f defendants, and read affidavits to sho •# that plaintiffs rh'emselves had delayed the case. Astodelays imputed to defense, he represented the fact that His olients wefe all non- residents;mostlyretidinganddoingbusinessinTexasandhere onlv occasionally: that it was difficult to com tunicate with them/all these proceedings, whereas plaintiffs' counsel h a d plaintiffs Aagust oftheassaultlatelycommi't-datLi-,chfieldby raiment, andmany without hope. They. needour alwaysathis*elbow,oneofthem(Simon)alawyerhimself withcrop will be unucually Ifoht.The complain- ants are Alexander McLean, whom Massey threatened WESTWASHINGTONMARKET. toshootwithapistolwhichhepointedathim,aad OflicfrPattersonoftheFourteenthWard,atwhoma'ii the G'ant Baby, What Is It1 Sea Lion, and th« entire Museum, which are all to be seen at all hours, and all for a single quarter.». [ Advertisement. ]FARIS'$ PHOTOGRAPHIC ARTGALLERY (lateRoot's), No. 36a Broadway—In addition to the corps of superior aTti«tsalreadyengaged.Mr.F. hassecured the sorvio**sofMr.Mr.Is a concentrated extract of Para Sarsaparilla, so combined wH*si other substances of still greater alterative power as to afford an effective antidote.for tbe diseases SarsaparilU is reputed to oure. Such a remedy is surely wanted by those who suffer from stra- mous complaints, and that one which will accomplish their oar* mast prove of immense service to this targe rbwi of oar niliioUd f<-How-citizens. Howcompletelythiscompoundw-llidoithawDr. James Richards, on the person of Francis Bacon, help ! Shall we not e*nd them aid, and that speedily ? n< thfuR else to do but to prt-p*re papersfor Uis lawyers; and that They bear the rame of Christ, that name which is so if the pre-eot <«ppli Priori of plair/tins W«B granted he would in-M. D., of New-Haven, isiacorrect in several points— precious to many in this land. And if this plea is not sist on having these commissions in which they were interested carriedout,andth"necessarynewcommissionsgranted. TnisTotheEditor ofTheN.Y. Tribune.in some o f them injuriously so. ,1. The affair was not " an ecclesiastical quarrel"inany sence. 2rTherehasbeennopersonallfdifficultybetweenthe Rev. Dr. Richards and the Rev. L. Wu Bacon."enoogh we may add, that however degraded a n d u n - (be said) looked like an effort t o leave defendants without'theirthe prisoner snapped his weaponBufferingseverely fromthe wound in hisleg,occir sioned by the pistol-ball which he intended for the offi-testimony, by dlsHolving the commissions in which they had joined. As to tbe missing commissions ar.d interrogatories, he denied that they were or ev*»rhad been in his possession, and ar- gued that there was little (attu, in such a matter, to be put in the aWperishedinit,itisthemoreinnocentwhonowdisputesofboyswhoweresaidtohav«deliveredandreceived tlie papers. Indeed, when he found the papers were lost, he im- mediately hadanamicable and suti-fact-ry agreement withde- fendants'attorneytohavetheoldcuirnit»Hicnnreplacedbynew,twice.Massey w a sworthy, th»-y are human beings as well aa we! Tne greater part of those who may have been, in 8">mo re- spects, the. guilty canpes of the. present war have prob-.SIR: F o r several days past f?ere have bnen flyiogreportsinthepapersthattheCityhadtakenpossession of/WestWashington Market, and that the occupants of.the stands acqui-escedintheCityhavingsuchpossession. To-daybeingthedayon which therents are paid, the City officials andtheagentof cer. Justice Steers fixed the bail at $1,000 on each Mr..Taylor, the lesseeof theState, were earlyontheground, charge,andThomas Illington, a hardware dealeratE Mayall (from thecelebrrted Gallery of Mayall, London).F. assures his patrons that the well-known nttirperiority of the picturesfromthisestablishmentshallbemaintained.I Advertisement]AYER'S SARSAPARILLAsuffer. . . Inconclusion,theCommi'teewouldstatethatitiaof3 Thei»pesaonconveyedbythea*eertioa thatn ihe R v . L. W. Bacon, conceiving it improper" for a the greatest moment, that something should be done ar-d t -have" cpies of the Id•interrogat-'aies attached ; that they one demanding the rent for the ICBBCC, the others for the City. No, 282 Bowery, having signed the necessary papers,deposed minister to enter the pulpit, " set about correct- ingtheevil"isnotcorrect.as ppeedi'y as Dosaible. They will remitfr> Sjria, weioreplaced rie>t. 3,*atidtha>he did not recetyetheui until poc- 24 185v<, for the purpose of signing them; that he had been pressed as fast 88 they rec-ive, whoever same may bebyamultiplicityofother business engagements, audwas sud-The occupants having rented their stands of Mr. Taylor, they knew no other landlord, and paid him. The City was in posses-Massey wae released from custody.TotheEditor ofTheN. Y. Tribune.SIR; In the columns of T H E TRIBUNE of this daysent to them, or to Wm. A. B^oth, No. 95 Front street, denly call*d to Albany on Quarantine matters leaving instruc-. sion a t this time Inst year, and the occupants have a serious 4^ The matter was never " taken out of the reach of New-York, who h««8 agreed to act as Treasurer. It is ttons for the attorney to *igu and return the paper; that the con- dread of the abuse they received from the City offi 4*ls; theythe.Associa'ion"byanyprocess. p-oposedtomaketheAmericanConsulatBeyrout,thesentsweresignedl)ec.81,butowingtoa.un«t>keintheoffice, th*«y w».re not returned until Fe^ruor" ; tha in February he con- versed with plsiMinV attorney, Mr. Gardiner, who had been sub-thereappearsanaccountofanoccurrencewhich happenedtoand they have a natural dread of a repetition of this samo treat- me the previous evening. Although acquitting your reporter been proved by experiment o n many of the worst cases to be5. The impres«ion wbicb the " correspondent of Theof any intention to mislead the public o r prejudice the affair found in the following complaints: ,ment. The City officers have »6vor visited them but to rob with which I am unfortunately mixed up, and believing that you SCKOTOLA A » D ScKOFurxrus COXPX>AI!*TS, ExupTiows Amr>Rev. Dr. Thompson, and other American MissionariesWinded Herald" seeks to convey, that, the assault on in tbat city, snd those who are associated with them in stituted for Mr. J^rnegan, abont the commissions, and requestedDr.Baconwasslightandharmless,isfals*. 6.IcisnottruethatDr.Richards assaultedDr.Ba-conbymistake forhisbrother.7. Whatever may have been " the general impres-thisgoodwork,andwhohaverecentlymadeanearnest appeal to American Chris'ians, ouralmoners. No mtn in Syria, we are persuaded, can do this work bet- ter. There are nearly twenty of these excellent men,saidattorney-tolet.him(Clark)*niw whethorheintendedto s«ndtbemout as,ifhedidnot,defendantswould-havetoapply fornew:commissioi)B. thatdefendants*attonney Tepliedthathe had not had time to look iuto the mutJer, bnt would, and would let him (Clarx) know, which he d'dhot do until this motion wasthem. IuregardtothepoweroftheCitytotakepossessionofthispropertyonthevacatingofthejudgmentbyMr.JusticeIn-gaham.itistruehoordersthattheCity shall beputintopossession; but has he the power to make laws as well as adjudicatenotonlyrecognizebutactuponthemottoaudi alterumparturn, Itakethelibertyofsubjoiningasuccinctbutaccuratenarrativeof thewholetransaction. Perodime however,toprendrethatthere is n' t nor ever has been, any ill-feeling or controversy between the members of the police force and mynelf, and I can call uponEKUPT.tVBDlSKASRS.UfcCKKS,TtHV%m, BtOTOMRS,TuMOXS, SAtT-ItKKtrM.SCALO-HBAP,STPHTMS AUTO8rrrmvmc Anrwr- TIOJCS.MBKOOKIAL DlWBASK,DROrSY,NXtTRAUItA.OKTlCPOb. OKKUX, DuniMTT, DYSPKPrUA, A»P iNniOltSTlOK, ERTBtPKLAS ROSBOKST. AWTMOWY'H FIRK, and indeed t h e whole class of complaints arising from IMPURITY OF THR ,BJ,OOD. ^ cThis compound will be found a great promoter of health, whentakenintheSpring,toexpelthefoulhumorswhiohfesteriutboblood at that seuson of the year. B y the timely «xpnl«ion o fthem many ranklins disorder* are tripped in the bud. Multitude*can,bytheaidofthis.remedy,sparethemselves fromtheen-sion " s t first, the plea of **. temporary insanity " utter- and they are familiar, by a residence of several years,noticed for the August term; and then the coiments were erased. tbem ? Mr. Taylor obtained possession of this ground on the all tbat body to testify to the faot that mv house is conducted laly failed of being sustained before the magistrate, and subsequent developments demonstrated it to be false.I a d d very briefly a true statement o f those points of this case which are of interest to the public:Dr. Richards came to Litchfield in 1856 (having re-cently been deposed a n d excommunicated from t h ePresbyterian Church for drunkenness), aad establisheda eeljopL The churches of that region being ignorantof has antecedents, he obtained access to several pul-And Dow, on this account, Mr. Clark said he was called upon to withthe people,and will undoubtedlydistributethe submittotheabandonmentofthecommission*,andtohavethetrial of a suit of ejectment, and obtained a writ of possession, which was and can only be executed b y t h e Sheriff. This put bim in-legal possession. By reference to the Revised Statutes, fourth edition, part 3 , chapter .5 of title 1st, page. 570, i t says:tbe most orderly man oer. N o w to the facts of last evening's oc- currence. Anearneighborofmine hasbeeninthehabitofIn- cumbering the iootwalk opposite my door with boxes and empty packag«-8, ficc. I have several times remonstrated with him, but •bin only seftps to have engendered a bad feeling on his put, andpits. The •' Litchfield North Association " of pastorslong ago effectually cautioned the churches of the from the Cape de Verd Islands, and from Ireland, willfornewcommissionsthemselves. MrClaikalsoca.ledtheat- JudgetoaffectthepossessionofMr.Taylor,andhispossession tionedheveinsight,toldthepolicemanthatIhadmadetheman theveins;cleanseitwheneveritl«foul,andvoqrfoetlnrswiUnorthern half of the County against him; and as hecontinued to circulate as a minister in the southern partof the County, t h e "Litchfield South Association"were about to advertise him, when he petitioned themfor a bearing and a restoration to the ministry. H eappeared before 4be Association^ and made a plausiblenot be wanting in this day of need for the poor and the wretched in the land, where Christianity began its heaven-born mission, and which was trodden Dy the feet of the blessed Savior of men and his immediateAs th e Committee will not be able to make personalcan only be disturbed by a new trial and a recovery by the City. LEX.drunk (he never was in my house), and so excited the police, leverul of whom hadarrived in tne meantime, by otheriuueu-dpeB and insinuations against my character, that they forced a quarrel upon mo ar d wanted to lock me up. Seeing this I ba"-ked in through my own door. Thti«e polliocoe followed. I ordered'them- out. Tfiey would not go, and one o f tbem pulled out his re-tell you when. Even where no particular disorder is felt, people enjoy better health, and live longer, for cleansing the WeidL Keep the blood healthy, and all is wt U; but with this pabolturafor a month, "having adopted a resolution that i? in th e meantime jaotbing should appear to D r . Richardss discredit, he should receive a license a t their next^ W e inquiry of thk Ck>mnnttee was thorough, impar-t i a l and^ooducted with serupakms care to elicit every-tSngpoesibiein Dr. Richards' fiw>r. The result wasan oveVwKing mass of evidence showin^not.onlyfully reqnest the pastors of th e Churches in this city of want of jurisdiction. That suit was brought by .the service of proof si while defendants we e only temporarily sojoarnintr I nharpvtoseemyfriends.Iamrapidlyrecovering.Such,Sir,is a true unvarnished tale of the whob» affair, and tho fa<sts, as I have narra-ed, will come oot before the magistrates when I amCathie statement to thefetation TM * / * ^ r i JOSEPH P . THOMPSON, WM. C. ALEXANDER,in getting possession of West Washington.Market, nor ana also issued a warrant for the arrest of his employer, who is in collecting the rents of the marketmen. The agentbut m gexieral th# he himself was aman of very bad JAMES W. BEEKMAN, ' GERARD HALLOCJVby law responsible for, the acta of his workmen. ,,., .of James B. Taylor reports that he is making his col- steadof 103 days Ume being obtained to put in. lntM»»"*TM • ACCIDENTS AND INQUESTS;—Coroner Schirmer held lections as usual, and that until Mr. Taylor is duly dis-^SwWs^aWof other, which I will not detail) to ministry, Dr. Richards continued to P puclic m the c b a r n c t e r ^ a xnmister, and were finally comp«lhd lastARCHIBALD RUSSELL. **TM*TM£J2J£ JOHN COTTON SMITHGARDINER SPRING,mond defense, there were actually but 41 days, aud that the m--ec6. an inquest yesterday ou the body of Thomas Campbell, aged 49ir.terroga'oneshadtobei.entto Texas, in order to Prepare thepossessed, in the same way that the city was when he E?eatm^uTaoturlngdepotfornewstridor Q« iSrrmi**-^ ^ S ^ g ^ ^ J **ffi&fj£g!& &ct of his "statu* m eeelesxa;' of bis $££«*£*A.BOOTH..obtained one fourth share in tho projperty originally, b y fraudu- lent reprvs^iittttions; had sever paid any thing for their share, or bore any of the expense; that they had recently OOnYeyed, ladeceased was of intemperate habits and had been missing since entered into possession, the marketmen will continueGarden,k Co., No. 0T9 Broadway, o ^ * ^ 1 * * * ^ I • m ,C. C. Wooi,woxTH k. CO.,LKAVBXWOKTH, Kanww, have TH« their presence, and of his general bad character for DAJLT aad Wjwxwr Tainvmi forMle.formed, from those occupying stands upon ttu forty. JgSfjf i» rortralU at % rittlog, M for * 1 ; *P» P «truth and veracity.aid which may be sent them with more discrimination and economy than any other men could, do. . Whether clothing a n d food shall b e semt, a s well as money,trial of the cause precipitated upon him, without the material ovidmce'.wuicb the commissions were n»-.cen8ary to obtain, evi- dence going .over a series o f year t, a n d embracing numerous records in various places: thit it looked very much like a trapvS&'SU..DAIL YjMI^^WttiliiBU^Ki^^'. 'seight-footstripuponwhichTaylorhasbeenadjudge!to have no claim. ';apology,iawhichheexpte«etdhissorrowforhavingmconwqoenceofwhxh,thatbody,atitsmeetinglast TheJudaetookthepapers,andreservedbindecision,bothonTHENEWFOURTH-AVENUESQUARES.—AportionofJ**'\I»t'\.«*''''"^\»^tf'*:ii%;®$$aidtheremhoftbi*wasatWtsee«bytheHighSheriffconAog hrtotbe eonrt and reading a wittenname o. Dr.Rjchardehsd beenfoistedintq the printed minutes of the "^General Association of Connecticut,"LAMmTELLIGJENmtrusttheirinteresttoatnwtee.inorcJertodrfrandtb*defend- ants, arid thev^nowclaimed halfa million forthat forwhich, they bad never-paid one-cent . '-. , . . . , . » . - , ."* m.•committed any act which might bear the /e&blance of June, fout.d it necessary to p«*e a- d publish resolu- •contenjptoftheConrt.Sir.JnettoeBlaekbarnetatedthat tronsdwownmgbim..ItwasthepublicationoftheseUNITED. STATES CIRCUIT COURT-AuG. 17.-Betoremotiori of,plaintiffs to.vacate their commissions, and that or de- fendants for new ones on their own behalf*.The Scott Life Onard will celebrate tbe xaokvzn*- tiChief. Justice NBLSOW. ' . - - ....<•••'•. GEORGELAW CASTINA SUIT.the space over the ^arlem Eailroad Tunnel, which ex-riesoftbebattlesofContrerasaodCberuboaooby* lie Bad no personal filing, bat mast protect the dignity resolutions in The Independent of July 12 that was ( This was a case in which Alexander Cross recovered Ephrsim Tomlinson agi;. Daniel Bertine.—Motiori for tenda fromthirty-fourth to Fortieth streets, haslwith- picnic excursion to St. Eonan'g Well on Monday n*xfc,of the Coort, and conld not allow any improper inter- xnptions to the bn- ioess of the assize. He thea remit- ted the Sne, and the afFair terminated.the alleged ground of D r . Richards's assault,; onJulv21. ' .;••':,, •The "difficulty between Dr..Richards and the Rev,Lf onard W. Bacon," consinted simply in thiB, that the latter h a d acted, b y appointment of the "Litchfield South Association" as the Chairman of their Commit-a^rdictfor C15.0T-0 agait>«t Law, on account of ceitain coal order to vacate attachment denifd. , <-n a ' in the last year undergone a complete transformation,•' • •.'•' *A MA TRIMONIAL SwiNDLERv~Margaret Murphy, an elderly lady, residing at No. 276 Washington street, havingformanyyearsfirmlyitsistedalitheonslaughtashipped, and in which there was a newtrial asked. 1 Gtirtis Peck et a l agt. Eliza Meserole et aL—Order . Nwwojr, C J—This is a motion for a iiew trial on the par : of for moneya'inhands ofreceiver granted. . . - :'. •:.. . . .' ;defendant, and whioh has been very fully and ably arzued b y the learned oounselon both sides. The report of the charge deliv- eredtotheJuryaponthetriali*givenaccuratelyaridinextenso,if f^euPonwhichthemotionisfounded,andaftercarefullyanddeliberatelyreviewingit,withthebenefitsoftheargument Ordervacatingjudgmentisunnecessary,andoughtnottobeWm. Ridyard et.al.agt. James W . Phillios —Thisshipment of corn to Liverpool, on ship Ohio, which sprung a when arrested. He gave $7,000 bail, and was permitted t.o de-JeaKandwascompelled»opntbacktothis port,whenthe ^am' parti ' • • • ' " ' ' . . ; • '.-'";. • -.Thisimprovementmustaddlargelyto.thevalueofthe accumulatedthesumof$610inthesubstantialcurrentpenseof$18,53935wasbornbytheCorporation,no WhenLukebecametheobjectofherlove,notonly *®a^proach- themteattokillorseriouslyiniurehim.ButMr.Da-herhusbandwas^andlearnedthathewasnotathome.^L11"?8!!?1?'£l"BffcAugustaInsuranceandBankCo.,(7How., AlfredNelsonagt.JamesM.Nixon... assessmentshavingbeenmade.*Butthejobwasnotwasherheartopenedtoreceivehim,batherparsewmx*:*ha«dupg-& nnrderer ^attributed hmanof thft;«y W'-'aiiiigpxeSat Vsceonnt ciooaJy atari- ur-ed generalbv these who sftnpouonr- i. the range of pcbhsbed the "e, and direct **dfwe wese careful a n dHethenpressedintothedining-room,andsawDr.Ba- 599and607)theunderwrilersandnotthesliippersareliablefor Thiswas.asuitbrougb.itorecover.oneweek'ssalaryconjustrisingfrdmthetable."Areyouhisbrother," thefreight. Judgmentforplaintiffsforamountoffreightandin- clairhedtobeduetheNelsonBisters,alreadyreported.The- carriedthrough,andtheendobtainedofdrawing«: ?>groom. Long and weari'y she watched and wept, be- ards; the damages a r e laid &*• $5,000. The church "at a*st(rn»ent at common law or b y the pute->t act, is not important —Oh (Friday), forernoon the Kev. Jamee Gubby, pas- Mayor, while a resolution under which the parks have cause he came not. Next day the disappointed womanval,being aresoluteman,offirmcaliberandaquickeye; met the assault, and fcr upward of half an boorthe master and slave scuffled and fought in the buggy. Twy^proceededthusfvrabouthalfamile,the figat growiigmorefearful asth*ycontinued,whentheywere met by the Bev. CharlesT. Friend. The circum-stance was fortunate as Duval would,'no doubt, have beenfinallyoverpowered. HecalledtoMr.Friendtoass;st him. In a abort time the negro was overpoweredand tiedfirmlywith ropesandsparereins,butthegreat strength of the refractory stave had rather in-creased than diminished, and be snapped the ropes thatwere twisted about his arms, like so much twine, andagain offered a fearful resistance. Th*y were n o w preacher.without any other immediate means of securing him,although they Quickly su"ceeded ia overpowering him.Fortunately, Mrs. Friend, whowitnessed the sceoevith firmness and without fear, baying in her carriagefifteen yards of cotton cloth which she had purchased,suggested that that would aoawer fcr a rope, and atoncejproducing it, folded it, with her husband's aid, toAvgmt16,18601 '. j'v'/'-i ] • ' . , . . COLLISION.Peter Grant etaLagt. Ship-Hermann.completed till March, 1860; •An effort is being made and,a petition his been prc- man Brady, who a t once issued a warrant for the ar-and the only difficulty is the question of damages The necessity bers of the Third Presbyteiian Church,,are charged for recoppering the Keindeer i s not apparent, and that item isdeducted. Decree below affirmed,, deducting $3,727, with in- with aspault and disorderly conduct at a Session meet-tunnel, between Thirty-eighth and Fortieth streets. A t the same rate of expenditure as those already com- pleted these improvements will altogether cost the city $27,80902.Itisdesiredbypropertyownersandby tbe city, that the .Harlem Railroad Company should remove the crown of the arch at the lo*ver end of the tunnel^and by a resolution of the Common Council, passed more than a year ago, they wefe directed to re-yesterday, a n d taken before Justice Quackenbnsk.. The young man emphatically denied the allegations of Margaret, but was nevertheless locked up for examina- tion.,CHARGE OFARSON.—On tbenightofthe22dof Aprillastafireoccurred intheliquorandcigarstore* No. 869 Broadway, occupied b y Wm. H . Puriey. Some circumstances were subsequently elicited which inducedFireMarshalBakertoinstituteathorough investigation into the origin of th e fire. He obtained suchevidenceascausedhimtosecurethearrestof Wm. G. Lambert. An examination w a s had yester- day before Justice Kelly. I t seems that Lambert was) interestedinthestock,andchurnedalossof$16,688. The investigation shows that t h e whole stock in tho store was worth only about $4,000, and a portion o f that was*-saved. T w o young m e n , named Jamee Peevers and David Wilton, were examined, a n d both s*ato that they had long believed that it was the inten-K. Sturges sgt. Steamboat R . L. Mavbey.—Item forAmerican .people in behalf of the sufferers in Syria dams.ee, S2(99 60, struck out, and decree for 852162 80 con- edifice. A feud has existed for many months betweentaken safely home. Both Mr. Duval's and the negro'sclothingwasalmostcompletelystrippedfromthem, mayfindpracticableandeffectiveexpression. Inthe firmed,coststobeallowedonappealtoneitherpartyasagainBt certainmembersofthechurch,thedetailsofwhichsuchbedbeenthevigorand*miscellaneous'natureof dischargeofthisdutytheybegleavetosubmittothe theother.CRUISEOFTHENEW-YORKYACHTandchildrenandmanyofthemwidowsandorphans, TheRev.Mr.Gubbymakestwoaffidavits.InoneducethegradeontheFourthavenueattheintersec-CLUB.reduced.tothegreatestmiserybyadreadfulwarthat SUPREKTJt COURT--CHAMBBKS—Acs.17.—BeforeJusticetionwithThirty-fourthstreet,"thesametoconform terianChurchinJerseyCity;thatontheeveningof tothegrade ofThirty-fourth street,thesametobepartakes of both a civil and a religious nature. This warhasbeenragingformorethansixweeksonthe sides of Lebanon ana Anti-Lebanon, and in the valleys between them, in the middle part of the Turkish prov- ince of Syrdia, and serious fears are entertained that it maysoonextendasfarnorthasAleppo,andsouth- ward to Jpppa and Jerusalem.SCTUKKILAND.THE GREATTEXASLANDCONSPIRACIES-^-ABRANCHOF THE WATROUSIMPEACHMENTCASE. Simon.and Jacob Mussina agt. Charles Stillman e t al.This was an application of plaintiffs to vacatetheordergrantedthemforcommissionsandthestayofproceedingshe testifies that he is the minister of the Third Presby--c^clock, when t h e fleet rounded t h e stake boat a t Quick s Hole. During the run from thence to thepathize with Mohammedanism onjthe one hand,and the Brownsville, and the Fort Brown property then occupied by the United States Government, contiguous to it, and t o lay if out enjoyedaconsiderablebreeze;thedirectionofthe Christianpopnlalion,consistingofMarouitesandmem- intotownlots,andsell*bomonspeculation;tbatohthe9thofcoarse on a bee-line, while others etrnck off in a slightlyDcircuitouscourse,inordertotakeadvantageofthe determinedtomakeitoneofextermination. OntheHordactingastheattorne*sandagent*;thatonthe14thofDe- terruptedanddisturbedsaidmeetiDgbymakingagreat•thiscity,andwasesteemedbyallwhoknewhimfor andthenburnitup." OtherconversationofasimilarTHEREGATTAATNEW-BEDFORD.The Regatta of the New-York Yacht Club came off in ear waters yesterday as previously announced. T h e day was propitious, and the, yachts started agreeably waththepreviousarrangements,andasindicatedinthe subjoined table. Eleven yachts were entered for the race, while others sailed independently. A t the start there was a moderate breeze from the north, which gradually subsided almost to a perfect calm soon after 1the16thofAugust,ameetingoftheSession,oftheChurch was held, and while in session, Samuel Ster-abovethegradeofsaidThirty-fourth streetand Fourth avenue, under such directions as shall be givenThe Committee do not deem it necessary to sneak ofthe cause of this war, further than to say, that it is theresult of an intense, long cherished, a n d ill-concealedfeeling of hatred, that has subsisted between t h e Mos- and Belden, and plaintiff, Jacob Mussina, formed an agreement ofouter station the wind w a s light a i d variable, a n d lem?; including toe Druses' and other tribes that sym- joint adventure t o purchase the present site o f the town o f••,H. C. Lardner, esq., for plaintiffs, stated their case at length, and also the circumstance on which proceedings were founded. He stated that in the 8ummer o f 1848 the defendants, Stllloianis contemplated work.t o compel ,t h eperformanceo ft h ewhile some of the y»chts were almost becalmed, othersboatatQuicksHoleseveraloftheyachtsshapedtheir other. Inthisbloodywar,theDrusesandMoslems thatbythatagreementStillmanwastohavetwopartsinterest, terianChurch;andfurther,that-ontheevening.ofthe onThursdayevening,inthe65thyearofhisage.Mr.who for several months had been in feeble health, died have everywhere been triumphant, a n d seem to b e and Belden and Mussina each one p*rt: that for seventeen months Mason was the son of the late Eev. Dr. John Mason ofbre*ze varying in different localities. From the stake- bers of the Greek a n d Syrian Communions, on the December, 184fc, the parties reduced the agreement t-> writing; threatened to pull down and destroy the Third Presby-breeze by which they were favored. Daring the race, western slope of Mount Lebanon, the important town cember, 1849, Belden and Stillman sold the entire property tocharacter was testified to. Previous to tbe fire, Lam- oftbeSuperiorCourtofthiscity. HewasTrusteeof berthadorderedalltheliquor'tobeputinbottles,butseamanship,weatheredhermomentlysuccessfulbut beenvisaitedwithallthehorrorsofwar,-and25,000 markthattheyclearlyhadjuisdiction);thattheactioninNew-. McAnally,whoarrestedtheparties,and,upongoing Christians have been driven from the ruined habitations, Orleans was for specific performance; and the judgment "alter-perhapsnolessdeeerrin* rival andmaintainedher and4,000ofthemhavebeenslaughtered,themostof native,"requiringdefendantstoinaketitleto•theBurneaville beforeJusticeBedford,theyenteredintobondsforlead through the route. The Mallory and the Manner- them in cold blood ! . sang ran nearly vis-a-vis daring the whole course fromproperty, to Mussina, orpay $239,000; that after the Louisiana their appearance at Court, should the Grand Jury find Court denied that it had no jurisdiction over lands situated in an-the outer stake-boat to the home stake-boat, the differ- enceintimebeinglittlelessthanoneminute.Down till the latest dates, the Turkish troops, though, sufficientlynumerousto putahendtothese scenesofother State, the plaintiffs came into the State of New-VTork, and, in 1856, finding the defendants here brought the action, of which thisisabranoh,fordamagesforbeingdivestedoftheirtitle,anda bill against them, when the whole affair will be duly ventilated. /'to the light and baffling breezes, which were not equal- lyenjoyedbythefleet,someoftheyachts fiddingthem- selves. at times, within the influence of air differing in forceanddirectionfromthoseatacomparativelysmall distance. Tneairwasclear,affordinganexcellent "view o f the, movements of the squadron to the numer- ous spectators, who intently watched their progress.the poor creatures that have fled to them for protec-tion. ; • so\ jurisdiction, althoon the ground of want or jurisdiction, although (Mr. G. said) intheir affidavits which they used toobtainthere,extensionsof time, they statea that they were preparing an answer. M r" We learn that a singular disease i s prevailing amongcowsinourvicinityonsomeofthefarms lying between this city and the towns of Bloomfield aud Belle-the former dock undergoes some much-needed repairs.Itwillhardlybecredited that everydaytwoorthree echooner-loadsofthecarcassesofhorses,hogs,cows,and other animals, are taken up the river, and form, thematerial o f a variety o f profitable manufactures. Purley has not yet been arrested. , John Greer, the contractor, receives from the cityThe yacht Richmond of taisfport, although not amongthe entries, made her way around the course, folly treatment more cruel than death itself. More than oneappeared elsewhere, and what is its cause andTHE STATE FAIR.—The State Agricultural Society$18,000 for this work.•. »•It will be seen by an advertisement in another columnTHE ELEVENTH WARD REPUBLICANS.TotheEditor ofTh*N. Y. Tribtm*.Theenormitiesperpetratediuthishorriblewarequal,iftheydonotsurpass,anythatwereenactedinthelate bad faith, andonly fordelay, andinsupport of thisandbecomeverylame.Aft:eratimethe.inflammation produces discharges of pustulous matter. This is as far asthediseasehasatpresentprogressed,andtheowners of the cows are desirous of knowing if the disease h a swentoritoshowthatthevariousextensionsoftimeobtainedby defendants to put in a demurrer were solely on the statement that they wore preparing ananswer, when,.as appears bya subsequent affidavit of the defendants' counsel, he.had not been engagedinthe•preparationofone: andinsupportofthis,Mr.G. read from the defendants' counsel's affidavit, made on an applica- tion t o amend the answer,, "that the' answer was p u t i nin considerable haste, after the overruling o f the demurrer." destroyed! In this ruthless war, not only the houses, This, Mr. Gardiner insisted, disclosed thefact that when the de-SepoyrebellioninIndia.Itseemstobethesettledpur- pose of the Druses and Moslems to destroy all the nude Christian population above ten years of age; while the women and children, if spared, are too often saved for•these parties conducted iheir enterprise harmoniously, Basse St 16th inst., a t a meeting of the Session, Mr. Wilson in-theyachtswhichchancedtofindthemselvesinprox- liveshavebeenlost. Inthecentralportionofthe agentsandattorneys,tohimforhisinterest;thatsubsequently Thursdayevening,whilereadingadocumentcharging theMercerstreetPresbyterianChurch.not to be corked up.On the afternoon of the fire he ordered some oyster*imity, one with another.The trial between the Jaba and Madgie, the Mallorycountry, whose vallies are so beautiful and fertile, Raebeiya, Hasbeiya with its Protestant church and spools, Zablen, and avast number, of villages haveMussina, finding Belden,Basse, Hord, andoneWm. Ailing(whowas a beneficiary in tbo transfer of the 14ih of December/1"69), one of the members of said church with selling liquor within thp jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Louisiana, 'ontbe Sabbath, Wm. Atchison made a violent assault, brought his action against tbem there for the recovery of his in-terest; that the c»«e there was tried by a jury, and a verdict , and struck the deponent vrith a fan, and greatly inter- rendered forplaintiffs inthis action for$239,000; thatdefendants tt en movod for a now trial, which was denied;, that rupted the business of the meeting.•mTHE CHAMBERS-STREET OPENING.—The Mayor stillretains the commissioner's report of"award* and assess-mentsontheopeningofChambers-street,whilethe there. About12o'clockatnighttheclerkleftthe workisactuallyprogressingunderthecertifiedcopy. store,butthinkingtheplacewastobefired,helin-and Mannen-ing was of a truly exciting character, andelicited universal interest. The wind beiog ahead, the utterlv perished, and many thousands of the inhabitantshavebeenmassacred! EvenBeyrout,themostimpor-Peevers, that h e w a s going to have some friends i nyachts on the return had to beat up, and at one point tant seaport on the Syrian coast,is in imminent danger;theJoliawaspassedbytheMadgie;buttheformerby whileDamascus,thelargestcitytothatcountry,has theyappeared,mdthejudgmentve-igreversedontheground Warrantswereplacedin.thehandsofConstable dint o f ber excellent sailing qualities a n d dexterous of want of jurisdictioT • (here the Court was understood to re-Many of the property-owners have already removed their buildings according to notice, and are daily call- ing at"the controller's office, demanding the amounts due them by the award of the commission. .gered about the door till he saw the accused come out-' He then looked through the blinds and saw a bright glareoflightinside,but,afterlookingafewmomenta,< thought it was the gas. He then started for home, bat soon returned and looked through tho blinds again, whenthelighthaddisappeared. Inthemorning,onGardner insisted that that.demurrer wasput in inville. Thecowsaretakenwithswelliogofthefeet,>: :' ...,..•.,...•-:•.D E C I S I O N S . ' .;,•; ';•..'•'•.•••:•••••_} •:•and what w a s formerly! one of t h e most unsightlylocalities in the city, ungraded and entirely uncared for ProfMredingsstayeduntilmotionis^heard. — _:„.. ••• —agracingground for goats and geese—hasbecomelikewise placed at his disposal. T h e young rascal ac- cepted t b e purse, b u t didn't care m mncb about tha heart. Thepoorwomanwasledtobelievethathe would marry her, and made preparations for the cere*.•;; :...;•:::•:•••",and powerful man, and his antagonist was in feeble ^INHWON. J.—Heldthat a suit at. law, to protect the exclusive'^ -- ALLEGED-ROWDYISM AMONG CHURCH MEMBERS— time getting under way, for as long ago as 1851 a res- maiden of forty, years awaited the coming of the bride-health. : , > rightsoftheCompany,isproporlybroughtinthenameofthe olutionreferringtothismatterwasapprovedbythe A civil suit has been commenced against Dr. Rich- patentee, whether, the interest of- the licensee is technically au THREATENING TO TEAR DOWN A CHURCH—ARRESTS.said he, and immediately caocht him by the throat and beathimviolentlyontheheadwithhisfist,demanding, "WheTeishe?" "Shojrhimtome." Inthe"strug-•__•:.hlGHTS OF LICENSEES. , - CharlesGoodyearaet.JosephBishopetahJndge gave judgment for the full amount claimed, .•with inv<erest and costs. The.case, it is stated, will'be carried upon appeal.HJB*.Morarigeforplaintiffs;Theo.Stuyveaantfordefendants.money from the put lie treasury to.pay for an improve-mentinuringsolargelytoindividualinterests,withoutadroitmanagement;indeeditseemstohavebeenamatter having not alittle to do with the election of a t mony. Tuesday night last was the time appointed for. leastonecityofficial. Thework,however,wa*along the nuptials, andin herbridal array thebloshingMotionofdefendanttoshowcausewhysuitshouldnot be dif continued founded on t>e consent of the'nomiual plain- down and badly hurt before Dr. Richards was taken tiff. Motion rested on the grenhd that the soit is brougbUn the Siajntiff 's name for the benefit of .Ms lloensees, the Union Indiagle which followed Dr. Bacon was repeatedly knockedaway-bytheneighbors. Theassailantisaverylarge ;ubberCompany/ •'. '••••'.•'•' •."-1'-::•••'• . ;•,'• v.,/'. ; .-'.i . • ; \ - \ ; ^ — mNortbfield has ceased to employ D r . Richards a s a lam, &c., * CONNECTICUT.in the application o f the principle. The nominal pilintiff may claim indemnityagainst defendant Motion denied, with costs.tor of the Third Presbyterian Church in Jersey City, been constructed was not passed till 1858. the contract started forth to find h e r dilatory lover, bat he was no- and Joseph Wellwood, a member of tbe same church, bearing date June 16, 1859, and the work not being where discoverable. Thereupon Margaret hastened toAPPEAL IN BEHALF OF THE SYRIAN August,inSt.Gebree'sChanneLSUFFERERS.At a public meeting held in thi8 city on the 13thNelson, C. J., holds that the fault of the Hermann i s obvious, Atchison. These gentlemen, who a r e or were mem- sentad for two additional parks to cover the rest of the rest of tho absconding Lake. H e w a s apprehendedThis is a libel, in Admiralty for a collision between. appeared before Justice Bedford and preferred com- baTk Reindeer and ship Hermann, o n the night of the 24th of plaint against Samuel Sterling, John Wilson, and Wm.lay her six hundred and ten grievances before Alder-ling,who waspresent,withoutcauseorprovocation, bytheStreet Commissioner," andifnot compliedembracedtherein,-onthegroundthattheyhadexamineddeh<me puthisfisttothefaceofdeponent,andthreatenedto with,to.beassessedfor'theexpenseofhavingthe•ease some of the defendants i n this city, on whose depositions alone they were prepared to go lo trial, and that there was no de-/ fense, virtually riot even an answer.make him suffer, thereby putting the Rev. Mr. Gubby in bodily fear; he further complains that said Sterling willfully and unlawfully interrupted and disturbed said meeting by rude and noisy behavior.The Rev. gentleman made another affidavit, charg-work done b y the city. The Eailroad Company has as yet done nothing in the premises, but speedy actioning John Wilson with having, on the 23d of July last,durance of foul eruptions and ulcerous sores, through which the will bef decided by the Committee when they have th e sprung on defendants, the. same a s had been done i n "If tbe plaintiff shall have taken possession of the premwei by he ban been dcinj: all in his power to get me into a hobble. L « t -stem will strive to rid itself of corruptions, i f notrequii-i e information. .We make this appeal in the confidence that a Cliris- tian and benevolent people who did not torn a deaf ear tothecryofdistresswhichcametothemfromGreece,New-Orleans,. and b y which means they gained their virtue of any recovery in ejectment, such possession shall not in evening sbn/e of his boxes were on the footpath aa usual and a judgment there. Therefore, ontheapplication"of plain- anywaybeaffectedbytbeVacatingofanyjudgment,asheroin dunkenmanwaslyingononeofthem. Icalledtheattentionof tiffs to vacate these commissions, in which the defendants provided." This does notieaveanypowerinthe'handsofthe apoliceofficer,andrequested.Mm toremovetheman. Hewas had joined, there was no alternative left defendants bat to applf in the act of doing so. when my dear kind neighbor above men-d*o this through the natural channels -of i"he boiy by an alterative medicine. CleanseoutthevitiatodbloodwheneveryoufindrU impurities bursting through t h e skin i n pimples, eruptions o r sores: cleanse it wheu you find it is obstructed and sluggish tatstatement, such as favorably impressed the ministers applications, tbey have to request earnestly, but re- allegtd fact, in the statement of the foundation of this case, thatpresent, declaring that h e h a d been unjustly con- spectfully, all whose hearts incline them to give a n y Bfrlden and Stillman, Dec. 14, 1849. sold th e entire property totumble" n?bt duiinrr which both pistols went off, and I waa shot by Justice Qusckenbnsh....On Thursday mornine the dwelling- in the thigh, but whether by myself or the policeman. I cannotproperties whatever.has followed the use of the various exttr—aotTof Sa» «ap*r' , w in h flood the market, until the name itself isJustly detpk^and S .and: tbrooghout our country, wherever i t is practica- regard to the alleged transactions relative to the demurer and tlie answer, the plaintiffs affidavit (Mr. C. said,) suppressed the fact ble, to bring this subject before their respective con- that the extension of time was to answer or demur, and. the de- gregations,atasearlyadayaspossible,andtakea murrerhesold,wasputinbecuuseof.theLouisianadecisionwax the point should have heon brought iu Texas. In answer_to tne charge of 17 months delay in putting in an answer Mr.C.aald that defendants did notget pkntiftV amended^ p o t t f W W ninemonthB after a o;py w a s demanded and *h^«n"wf0^,*r. actually pot in within one month after the^ demurrer waajpvor- ruled/A» to the charrge that the defendants' Attorney bad never .eon the defendant0 Ailing, the a, • • w - m W t a w l g J ,Prepared by Dr. J. C. AYRR & Co.. Lowell M«». -r»»-M« <*>« per bottle; six bottles in one package>& ' ^ W M I * lcollection in behalf of it.•••••' »WEST WASHINGTON MARKET—Iu spit© 0 f JudgeiDgrabam'a o^rder, the Controller baa not yet succeededSJ' [Advertwement.1; GURNEY'S GALLEIt*.No. 7DT Broadway. PHOTOORAPHJB, IVORTTYPBS,MWUTOJUM w Oix, and DAetaiuuwiT**,GAS, GAS.—Dealers are- invited te 'tJMMiSf^PELATIAH PERIT, KBANCIS HALL, GEORGE W . BETHDNE, FISHER HOWE,LUTHER BRADISH, WM. M. EVARTS, RICHARD S . STORRS. STEWART BROWN.CARELESS BI.ASTIN-G.—Patrick Battersby, a laboreremployed by a contractor named Stanabury, was arretted or* xnurkday forcareless bWing in Forty-second street, near Sev- emii avenue. Justice Quacketbush oommitted hlra to answer,J£R. SPALDING. DANIEL DREW,JOBS E . WILLIAMS, S. TREtf AEUSTRIME,ROBERT B A l R D r ^ ' SAMUEL COLGATE.,statr-ment was obtained by said Attorney for SttBman and the New-Orlean. record. Mr. C. also read affidavits te show th»tin-HIRAM KETCHUM^ ? ' Nevo-York, Aug. 17,1850.omrt.DANIEL LOED, „ ^ „ WILLIAM FREDERICK S . WINSTON,cro»s. Andastothemerits,Mr.C. claimed that plaintiffshad years,whowasfound drownedatpierNo.33EastRiver. The„tention of the Court to the fact (as he stated) that the affidavitsof plaintiff of what transpired over a space o f four years, a s t ocovenants, correspondence, service of papers, and extensions oftime, and countries on the register, all were sworn to by theplaintifls personally, and h i s attorneys made no affidavits: thatgarbled extracts of the correspondence we're s e t forth, omittingdates, and other parts of letters necessary to explain these partsBet forth in the affidavits; that t h e preparation o f the affidavitsshewed (Mr. C. declared) criminal neglect in the suppression oftestimony, or at lea*t a will ul perversion of facts. A s to the ^#r f8 AF * A tl*ird ^ e f named George Thompson,house of Detective Officer John McCord, No. 76 West Broad- way, wrw ester,-d by burglars duriog the temporary absence ofbeen an innocent and upright, ahhoagh greatly slan- otherwise, as soon as they can, to the Treasurer. A also denied. Asto thejudgment in Louitiana, that M - C..re the family, and robbed of $190 in cash andabout *50worth of happy to saythat tbewound Ishot so serious as wasatfirstap- deredman.TheAssociationappointedaCommitteetofullstatement,willbepublished,fromtimetotime,inmarkedassetasideontheground.thattnerewereno jewelry.Themoneyhadbeenplacedbeneaththocarpet,and prehendedandulthoughconfinedtotbehouse,whereIshallbe ^^WSs^iMUr^andIntendtosupplysnTarwSderoned, and that during his entire ministry he had turn, whether small or great, to remit it by mail orBasse ii. Hord, Mr. C. said they only sold out their own interest, and the statement that Ailing was a. beneficiary iuthi sale wasthe name itself becomesjnonynn"*«***•tTM..~.r.i*_ J-.y.K,...*"**•inquirei»*>thetruthofhisstatement,andadjourned thepapers,ofalldonations.Wewouldalsorespect- meritsshr.wnt>ytheplftiutjffs,aswellasonthegroundoveritstoodaheavy80fa;butrhethievescontrivedtofindit,ond in return for the trouble they had searching for i t the ma-liciously cut and defaced some, of the furniture. N o clue hasyet been obtained to the perpetrators... .Henry and Charles Lef- called upon to appear. I am, Sir, your ob'f^"4 *^v"1*. lert. were arrested ou Thursday, while in the act of forcinUntitled Document• BURGLARIES.—James Carrie,agfd.16years, a n d/a life disordered, there can be no lart ng health. 8oone?or kter mwMDChailes Hanson, ajred 22, were arrested on Thursday night, in the store occupied by James Gounard, at the corner of Fourteenth street and * hat avenue. The burglars had gained entrance byorferSoroTer^own!^^^^^ ^* TM*»P During late years the public have been misled by large bottles, pretending to give a ouart o f Extract o f 8*n*£*iuL £?<*£iresult,"railroads. On Tuesday articles will be arrangsd; a n d ure of a clock. A few days since, during t h e preva- the Ward,A.. '» iCITTITEMS,THE OFFAL DOCK—Theoffaldockhas beentempo-ANOTHER DISEASE AMONG CATTLE.—Tlie Newark rarily removed from the foot of West Forty-seventh coming down town, Peevers ascertained that theIn Mannington, Salem County, they have been fodder-ing their cattle, while in Upper Peon's Neck, the cornhas been cut, up as-worthless except for fodder. T h esweet potato crop has also been materially injured by tbedrouth,aodonthisaccountitwillfallsaortsev-,Maspey,theproprietorofthedrinking-saloonNo.282Jpatronswillznistitheirfunandmusic.Goandhearthemthist eral thousand bushelB. In jEesex County the potatowereblack-moiledatfvcryturn,insumsfrom$25to$3,000,ried off to r the Tombs, Where »ome of my friends bailed m* out I. nonymous with imposi'ton and cheat "Still'we e*»;al_Bowery, was held to bail yesterday by Justice SteersBARNUM'SMUSEUM.—BUDWOR TH'S, lateMASSEY, THE PUGILIST, HELD TO BAIL.—Jamesclose their engagement here today. Their afternoon at 3, and evening at 8, and see a ll the living wonders,on two charges of attempting to kill.volver.In self-defense I also procured a revolver from my bar- As soon as I did.this I was hit on the templo by a p-»Hco-'•' •-•—a. I s»y. Severely wounded and overp -wered. I was cornthe cJoor of one of the stands a t Washington Market. ag openKellycommittedthemtoanswer. ' -. Justice A'o.202JBowery,SewYork,Friday,Aug.17,1860. *'" Soldbyalldruggistseverywhere.Tuesday last Coroner Jaokmtn held an inquest on the body of willhun G . Tinkling, aged 8 yearn, w h o fell into a pail o f scalding water at No. 6 Patchen place, where his parents reside. Verdicts of accidental death were rendered in both' the abort) cases.!to pay their rent to him. The sums said to have beencollected by the agent of the Controller are, we are in-3?' §• P A TENT PHOTOGRAPHING UACSOSMr^ ^11Portrait.a*a rittiMr^b/Xv •»P*V***.DEA TH OF JUDGE MASON.—Judge John L.Mason, tion of the accused to burn the store. Lambert washeardtoeaytbat"thed d store wasnotpaying, and he wished he could get rid of it." purley advised bim to " get a cheap stock into it, get i t fully insured,0'•••>' '-to be sent to tbe store at night, telling his clerk,| Advertisement ]Woon'n MI»BTKKU<(performances ,have been perfectly successful, and the MuseumSoUar rfost of' these have been fraud. upontiJHck, for t W ooninlUtIof4 /-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 