 III!mm, PERSONAL.they lose the credit—of originating important and indeed now given to the juvenile emigration from thisvaluable inventions. Nuham Washburn of Bridge- city, for our institutions to make use of the cheap ma-COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.—Thistheir regular weekly meeting yesterday afternoon at Castle Garden, President Verplanck in the Chair. Present Messrs. Carrigan, Jellinghaus, Hunt, Curtis and Purdy. Tbe weekly statement. shows that 873:.,:-f>'MSUthe Arroyo Colorado.islature of Florida:" Jietdved. fry the Senate and Hoiuc of Repretentative* of the that also was found to be on fire, and, as tho night was ,on one wing of the gate would be exactly balanced by Mr. WATKitnuRy offered the following resolution: curred on the 2d inst. Church died on Sunday last,>:^e*fc5»" U»e *»«& fc©^ iyi dwrt of public knows,but&gr*a&uiony-nieiv.for Maynard'^^^^l^^^^J^^'^^^^^^efi,.15dM not practically disturb the result.On the three ballots which followed each other in1men, was at Edmburgh on Thursday morning, and left-thereabout 10 o'clock a. m., giving out that he was enrouteforRioGrandeCity. Edmburghissituatedonfet more severely in the hip. The seconds declared that~:;fl»o>Irtrwthere^ohousesandpropsirty,asitisjjlWepci-, can, but'leviedaprestraoonMarianaTreviooforsome, muni hot; known—ftOOt 'ThiTfiCwB comes from Joae M. CuraW ofMatamorss. ;• |Mr. N-eale sajs that the Whole of Cortina's forces in; the field bav«- accompanied him—how many, no onetheCharlestontJonvention should slacktotheCindos-tahjo {—which without doubt he willfiudnsefal towardTbere is likewise a poat-office, where fort'a-franc you oblainaletter, which—-bat it is scarcely fair to diedosea*! the secrets of the Bale; something should bo loft for our readers to find out by personal experience. As several of the objects are of considerable value—such, for instance, as a welJ-exe- cuted painting by M. Fagniani, an artist who has been long in tbe United States-^ranlefl have been orgaoized for them, which seemed to be filling rapidly. One in particular was exceedingly run on—being a large Twelve-day Cake, into which a munificent American had thrust a ring worth five guineas. Ring and all •may be obtained for a few francs. Two German doua, -which pronounce the words "Papa" and ''Mamma" with astonishing distinctness, excited much amuse- ment; but one was sold toward the middle of the day. Some admirable pictures on porcelain from Saxony, fine Dreeden obina, and a new kind of Saxon table- cloth, composed of silk and linen thread woven to- gether, were much admired. In fact, the whole scene is a most pleasing and animated one, aud the arrange- ment of tne goods remarkably attractive. As to the fair saleswomen,, too much praise cannot bo given them for devoting thempelvos, as tbey do, unflinchingly from midday to 10 o'clock at night to their solf-impoeedJUVENILEEMIQRATION.A motion to adjourn, tipon which the Y eas t werecalledwaslost. Ye*»s19;Nays21,Hr.FARR nefad itasapointof order thatthewed- lution could not ho pae&ed uutu it bad heen rdfo«e€ to a Committee. After couMder-ible debate of jwfoite of order, an appeal wa* taken from the deci^om Of tbeChair, and the Yeas and Naya^called again., TheChaif was Stained; Yeae 21, Na>s2J.Mr. DA VENPORT then mov«d an adpurni •Mr. Waterburv called for tbe Ye«s and Nays. Yea*21,N*>s"l& 'CITY ITEMS;r - « —•:.THJC WEATHKR,--A thick black fog oame ]B9^JfTne^ay night, and huogin murky folds over tho eStyFROM mA8mNfiT0&.natlplatfdrtni *••$$£ '^.r'^u:^:; :;-:..: A '.^ • ••^•VJU•; the Jour deVAn. : y~ Tte Memphis Appeal gives the Democrats in the House addressing for abandoning Mr. Bocock to voteJWASHTKT3TON, J » . 9,.I8W."- fete* all the jexade u d pomp of the conferences:sW e have received unimportant pamphlet from the Secretary of the Children's Aid Society, dwcus*ing fie best method of' refieying tbe xKnnmnnity from our1 -expectation. A t an early hour the galleae. of the Ford Win advance, but 1 cannot learn definitely "wbcther or not with the view of poebfog ahead of theS u n were thronged, under a belief, created by other troops. •'•.•'.:/. i -; tiifj'tk- \gw&m rumors, thai » Speaker would bo ohoaon From Tke Flag wo take the following item?:The Arieona's mail arrived l&etnigbt. With it came fcefe*e the adjournment. Soeoe di*apr>ointment was Col. 8. A. Lockridge- wich a portion of twenty-fivevoting." * South-Americanfriendvthe residue of whom will probably be up to- day . ^The Col* Del comes to take a part.which the three Coawtattees had agreed, by with-drawing the Clark and Gilmer resolutions, and ill for some days past, 'we take pleasure in nottng, lelast recoverivg his health. Doubtle«B he will soon •Seringtbe substitute which had been patched up ajtau) be seen, not only on duty but wherever daty« i the Capitol. The action of the conferees pro- calls him. •eeeded upon the idea that Mr. Clark of Missouri'exerted at the »tart of tbe proceedings by the failureto-earry oat the wefl-uaderstoed progranwne, upon$»npt. Bicketts, 0. S. A., who hos been daugeTouelydaysVince, with CoL JoboS. Ford, forwhs*o appeftr- anre at theacei>e of insurrection and invasion there has taken to consult bis wishes on the subject. When been-much-at xious looking for some tim*. Whether as Doctor, Edit .r, or Ba»gW43aj;tauy the Colonel hae shown prudence, sagacHy and o%«fen«y, and on all~w«*ld promptly yield his reeobatioos to the superior •wisdom of their conclave, and hence no pains werebis (&ewsjd's) nomination, but his strength in the State is con-fined principal!j to the Northern portion, and, if nominated; hecould not poll tbe full Opposition vote. Tbere. is a strong undercurrent among the conservatives here, as well aa farther south,in favor of Judge Bates. Manyof tbe more rabid Republicans ofthis locality declare that tbey will not vote for him, but his sup-porter say that they can more than make up their loss from the Democratic party—that they can rely fully upon all the formerWbigs that ore now with the Democrats. The Republican State Comsuitiee of Ohio have sent oat and obtained copies of the speeches of Douglas and Lincoln, delivered during the canvassof 1858, and are publishing them in pamphlet form < to distribute task. throughout that State. Thoy are to bo published' under Mr. Lin-the suggestion was made to him he demurred; and so movement could be made without his consent.B U L L ' SHxAp.—Tbere»—— was noimprovom«»iI ioccasionshasprovedhimj^elfa man forthetimes.THE UJHTI.» STATES TROO?* AT FORT BROWU.— These tried men, but few in numbers, thougb strong in •balWt; the principal inducement being, however, thoee qualities which make oor bttle array the pride of tboconntrv, started out again yesterday to bring, if"in the'management of the^ir Reformatories. Mr. Bracetakes the broad and dednite ground that children never it was that fiwt-clast bullocks sold a liUis mow feee^'When this bitch was discovered, the Democratic side, for once, expressed a readiness to proceed tofavor of drovers in the cattle market yesterday, ualesa can do well, if placed in numbers together in large at ten cenu net a pound; that class heingtoo light fo*that rumors had obtained currency to the effectAsyluros or Reformatori?s.Theee inttitutions ought all to be manated on thethe demand, while the market was quhe ovearstockedipotable, the crafty hand of robbers to bay. :„. 'CoiTetpcofeaeerofTheN.O.DeH«u _ ,^ «^«.well; his name is Mr. TrToorp. Ol the Mexicans, pine are positively known to have been kitted, as it is arserted by persons in the figbt'that they counted that'number of dead bodies; and it is presumed that many others were killed wbo fell in the bushes, aud were These suggestions got wind, and, of course, nt-t p.etn. "So wounded Mexican4 were foond, and no Tpecehed the; enemy, through the renegade spies that priftyj»ers weve taken by either party. Major Hemtace- *hang upon the Shuts of our camp, and who are no- inan buried one Mexican, who was found after .the *tMwusryinthe-employofthemostvenalandvin- fight(nextCay)lyingmtheroad. Ifthe«t*amerdoes ssietive of our foes, as may be seen, by the columns not jfCt out to oay, 1 will furnish you some particularsof the operations of the army in the field, if any •i at least one JSlew-York paper. Toward night, transpire.^when the result of the-conterence was known, the BROWWBVHXE, Dec.. 24,1859.sityofachangeoffront,justattheverytime,ofalt attherancWoftbeformer,sitoatedontheriversome 35milesabovehere. Nothinghadbeenseen,ofthe^rtbsTS, when it was most important, in view of the enemy. Be did not, as had been previously repor ed,' «ruick succession, Mr. Hamilton failed to reach histhat Mr. Sherman** friends were alarmed at the•ypoepect,andproposedtoabandon him forefxperi-*»enu on other candidates. It ia not to be disguisedBROWKSVILI-E, Bee. 23,1859. • After mailing ray-letter of yesterday, I reoolitjctedwith inf«-Tior sort^ some of which sold at prices eii&f "family system," with 1 mall groups, and individual equivalent to 5G>6 cents a pound for the meat, and!panic became relieved, and our column straightenedodium. ^The writer takes bis stand boldly on "tbe" wonderful capacity of improvement in children's na- continents, and proposes'to developo his.ttxeoryon the" tures' under new social and religions innnonoes, andclaims as the result of experience, thftt mc+t of these marked by plausibility and ingenuity. Should he suc-As the steamer will not leave Brazos until Sunday, I stiffly up again. Still, the few malcontents had avail mykeif of the time to write and inform you of been encouraged by the passing alarm, and used it everything which has reached town from the troops t o work upon the feeble, who are only held by a trp to this h«.ur, 8 o'clock a. m. Mr. Wm. Neal and ira2 tenure .at-beat. They represented the neces- I>r. bowie left the troops yesterday at 12 o'clock m.,to have discovered the law of the configuration of th«'ofiorts -and failure on the other side, to present athedde»a>esftomthisState,whowiltstandbyhimfromnrstJ£ theawordthrobtwhichbereceivedthroughhisown last,andwulreluerantlytakeanyotherman. TbeGermausttlat skottider,hasjusthadanotherfightwithhisadrersary. vote the Republican ticket, who are about "ne fourth of the Get- The.weather being too told to permit the gemlemeh to man population of the'State, ore, to a man, for Seward. The remain in the open air wMt their breasts uncovered, nomination of Gen. Scott by tbe New-York Union meeting i»"likelytobetemptedtogoodthantotemptothersto "evil."The strong and original support of these views is foundinacollectionofsomewhatuniquelettersap- .pended to the pamphlet from gentlemen in tbe West, judges, lawyers, clergymen, and others, representing hundreds of towns, who testify as to the ies>Ut<5 of this Reformatory Emigration.. We quote from the pamph-scientific world, tbe Professor's reputation is made.GEOKOMT.—-Prof. J. Stanley GrimesJectures to-night inbehalfoftbeKaneMonumentAssociation,atClin- ton Hall, upon a new and interesting theory, conoera- iog the pbyaical ttructure of the earth.—' '»-.PUKBRAL OFLinuT.MAY.—TbefuneralofIieut;G.W.May,lateoftheNewYorkVolunteers,and*»h* eequently an officer under the Filibuster Walker, took placeyesterdayfn.mtheTwenty-sixthstreetDatchRe- foimea Church, of which his father was formerly p*6? tor. Tbe remains were borne to Greenwood by the Scott Life Guard, and the mourning relatives.MAYORWOODANDTHEMOCKAucTiojraER^.-—The Mayor is extremely solicitous tbat the Common Coun- cil shall give him a bureau for the protection of swindled str-ngers. Ye*-terday, he had an opportunity to show/bum Neal'* Bancbe. The houses of Joseph Turner *pB*jpuct, firm, and united column. Any slight di- and Tbwddeus M.Bhodes were.burned. The latter.is "versionatanwthertimewouldhavebeendisre- theDeputyCollectorofUnitedSwtesCustoms,and * £ £ & £ . To-day the change of a single vote im- rebides at BotanO, which is* on the river some five mured the moral force of our position, even while it miles above Nod's. It is now ascertainedthat Cor- tina,, with his whole force, amounting to nearly 400severelydenouncedbytheleadersintheOppositionof tins theriueltookplaceinacarpenter'sBhop,hiredandex- State. Douglas will undoubtedly receive the'delegation from preefely cleaned out for the occasion. M. de Lauriston Wisconsin to >be Charleston Convention, although they will not wsis slightly wounded in the band, and Marquis Galli- be as strenuous for him as the delegates would have be*vn if •dected !maximum of Saturday, and Mr. Sherman: lacked tbr river some 25 miles above Bosano, and about 60# r e vote*—mstead of three--of an election. This miles below Bio Grande Citv. He 'Cortina) made a-differencewasoccasioned bythetemporarytrans- requisitionwhileatEdinburghuponMr.MorianoTre-fers of Messrs. iiixon, Joy, Morris, Carter, and Has- vino, a merchant of that place; for $150, which wasJan on the different ballots, alternating between Mr. paid. Mr. Trovino is a brother of Mr. Manuel Trevi-G&nmr and Mr. Biekroan. There was no purpose on no, the Mexican Consul resident in Brownsville. No dfee part of either to abandon Mr. Sherman, but to very flagrant depredationa were committed by the en-—ItishighlyencouragingtoseetheRepublicans. intheacknowledgements. .waking up thus early to the necessity of organization —^The following good story is told at Washington ofas any other children;" in some oases, tbose •ho have .become di:obedient andtroublesome,are saidto havebeen soprinci- pally through tbe fault of their employers; few instances com- paratively, from this 4,000 or 5.000 are Scnown to have committed •criminal offenses- in some States not more th/u four pnr o n * . Th*B is true of .Michigan; and in Ohio, w e doTioi think, froiu all the returns we con gather, that the proportion is even as large asa new movement.LATEST FROtfOPXJGHT OF COKTINA—EVROT8 AS THEYIf presented by any other person than the .Individual : may be, and often are, used by other inventors as the West should above all rejoice at ihi*, for the sorest named th> reou, tbe Chambermaid will take it up: '.hattan street, near Hudson River Railroad; awarded to Cornelius Smith, at $1,718; time, 30 days.Iemigrants arrived since the 1st instant. Tho number of inmates at tbe institutions on Ward's Island is 850; at the same period last year there were 1,150. Over- draft January 1, 1860, $11,653 16. Aggregate re-.Georgia, in which he spoke of Edward Everett, Rob- ertWintbrcpandothers,as**oldandinertfogies,whone»er controlled a. vote or gaye form or shape to a po- litical meeting."Ch.TV,two"ofartilleryandoneofcavalry,came,under tives,says:— t h e eosbusnd of Major Hentzelman. Tney proved toThis Line connects with all. Railroads, Lukes. Rivers, : Creeks, Kenles, and Turnpikes diverging from tbe Erie :utepping stones to practical aijd useful discoveries.. For this?e*£on,theoriginatorsofthe chaffwhich passes through the Patent-Office are often the means—thoughwant in American famflies is that of " a permanent "labor,educatedinthehabitsofthehouse."It would be the part of economy, if a new impulse isBA VE TKAN8PUtkD.-* On the 5th of December, 1859, about midnight, the—•The editor of The St. Joseph (Mo.) Daily West, having receiyjed a dispatch announcing the election offOn the ifth, m the night, a courier came bore fromJPbint Isabel, announcing that Cortina was hovering .around that place, and robbing the ranches'near thereon the river.. *'. On"theilwh,ooe*b^ under Capt. Tobin,soother under Capt. Ford, and the United States cay- sdry, Capt, Stoneman, started out to scour the lower •ooutry. In the afternoon, news came that Cortina SMtdconcentratedhisforcesaboutthirtymilesabove, aodwasabouttomarchopthenver.verssentfortheBangersandcavalrvtojreturn,andusedintheshipjoiner'sestablishmentofMossra.J.4c W.F.Young,No.386Ninthstreet,explodedoaTiaee* day morning, scalding* ia a terrible manner Chiie». • . . » , . . •* 0»Keele-~21... .: >.•'•-•• • ;*?•* f Garbe, a laddtf 16/ employed in the buuding> Tfre^•irV1^ tionon* tho pun'.andujn; 'im$oim •«WhatBROWNSVILLE.Canal.:ing in New-York. The pawage in which he declares thatheperformeda"paiufulduty"insigning the Fu- gitive Slave Law is what particularly stirs the indigna-On tbe-14'h, necewary preparations having been tion of bur Southaide contemporary.completed, and the Rangers under Tobin having re- —The Richmond Enquirer funnfly dissolves the ported to Major Hentzehn«n their readiness to coope- Union Northwards. It says:Afy and arsokfierof the United States who had been 'left to guard it had been killed.living), and altered tbe whole of that part of the textT», which was answered by the cannon of the in about an hour the latter was silenced, and regulars On one side, and the Rangers, who had ^Bsasouated. on the other (they had been deployed ascandidate for tbe Presidency, Tke Louisville Journal is looking up his political antecedents, and finds that in 1848 he indorsed the theory of Squatter Sovereignly assarily occurring from tbe constant-evaporation in wet tion in the city. Itwould.be their pleasant duty to »nd sharp black eyes, and will be 41 years old on the 22d of Jan- fctmctioBj and reliable in action, it will not fail to bo tho duty which they had called upon him to perform.uary. Be; is a lawyer, studied with Beach & Underwood of appreriated> The .Board then proceeded to ballot for Clerk,John F. Sterliug of San Francisco, Cal., patents an Mepere. Eager.and Stafford tellers, with tho followingf cteaisers.uei * "are"now doiiready to takA <3RKVI jiaaforci* .' "through tb; ib forced foi eot&epeopl-akirmisben'), rushed up to capture the piece, out the expounded in UT. Cacs's Nicholson Letter. In proof Mexicans got it away; were pursued as soon as tne of this, The Journal adduces a public address, issuedBtunestele*, and was admitted to the bar in this State. He moved 10 Michisan in 1848, and practiced law at Eaton Rapids/ till 1847. when he went to S t Paul, which has been his home till• •——GRKAT DXFICWNCT IN THI SUPPLY or GAS nirvjiLOWER WARDS.—Numerous complaints have been made of the great want of light in the lower parte of the city. A number of the counting*rooms in Broad streetforseveralnightshavebeenobligedtorodortip- candle light, and the fctreet lamps are so feohly sop- plied that every opportunity is furnished for robbories, as well as accidents to those who are obliged to remain down town alter dark. Tne Gas Company has again, and again been informed of the matter, witnout mating any improvement. A movement will soon be started, however, to redress this neglect, and supply the de- ficiency by numerous merchants,who cannot he iaooo- vtnienctd by the repeated failures of tho Gaa Company- to furniah an adequate light.THE JANE-STREET HoMiciDE.—Ofllcers Van Ordoii and Hutchiugs a rested, on Tuesday, a young nan named Martin Toole, who is supposed w have caused the death of George W. Churcn, by striking him OJa the head with a cart-rung, during a fight which oc-Bangers and cavalry could get their horses,' bat the for- aaer found themterves amboncaded, and dismounted to •tear the chappara), when the enemy got their cannon, whichwasthensomedistancebeyond.Awetnorther9 up, and the roads became very bad, so that it thoughtbesttoreturn,asoneofCaptainTobin's was wounded, moruUlv, as it proved^—David of Sa» Antonio, and one or two others and tws-of the regulars slightly, all of whom needed as- afa&nce. So they returned on the 15tb. It is, how- over, not to be forgotten that a» they started back they steatd a bugle blast of defiance, with cheers, close to their aids, but in the woods, whose authors a weH-directed search failed to discover.,in 1848, and signed by Mr. Gathrie, from which the following isan extract:"Thereisoneconsideration,farabovetbemeretriumphof party, by which v e would appeal to all lovers of the Union, andHe has announced a doctrine in regard to tbe non-interference of Congress with'the exciting subject of Slavery, which ia highly conservative and sound. B e says:result:Whole No. of votes Necessary to a choice..."VS'-e had the no little^gratification of meeting, a few warm supporters in Chicago who will do all tbey can to securelarge numbers together, at public cot»t, and even when improved and prepared for a place in society, tbo aian- agcra of each institutions hardly know what to do with tbem. Here, be ur*,es, we have imitated their method without their reasons for it, and tbe result* can already be>*en ia the troubles encountered ia MassachuHCtts,tbe other ferries on tbe NfWth and East Rivers. '&&** noon it lifted somewhat, and travel was resumed. *&** weatber, however, continues detestahle, and the Jaws* arj thaw is asjuicy and dirty as ever.—The Galveston News of the 29th December says, SouthernAmericans,-wereinconsultation,afewof woundedintheaffairofthe14thlost.,whichwasas •Ohio."•' •:':•;•' «&? ..'.<..' •/ Tork,isaboutmovinghisstockof5,000headofcattle,vMute -willing to make a.change, with -a vague hope w e t t h e range of experiments would include theiron Whitfield, before the New-York City library A *THE EET>. JtavownTosf—fr. . CoM/s Cuoous }.« Bvtttasrt! ScartUa tiiae tUa afteraoozt; PaUKMOtOOTTOJ oven, aad tlfto to d •Qhilixna. JSxaoifc>; •'--'•J:.-.''• 'DR.BASyi VL Blfcckgr-st.,c*tre ot* HeraLa, , p w r o d BKACR«.*;.; THE GEI '..WasseverIPulmonic co a:pia * dacttoa of .Mrs.WORT ASt> Ho Ai i ;S lit -v •'....•-,...'•••••- .J L B . LOCKE U Cj tiTePili*": PKAK SIRS: if jtbeateofUT. Mot -Ittnr delay wr ha*Wenagreatiioipbysiciaaswc % TOM BOstrong a h< gnxe could relr _ •cloeewcororxwrticact, and torpid »ui help bet, a tew tbeir rell*f but tea ing sinkiais tunw.l etoaaacb was cousl and uarerreshir.rJ[ Mott's "-Chalyt ' 'boxes,sbecan>irona those "v- nvw. dwst, i w n s all this greatim j | Motfs icnralCkhlt~ Very resJ •'~'•- "Principal t«fficgists. FxicedOiMflSons of i HfOSatcrare: Children Teethin cpste M eertaia.LO <• l^fr^owin;EerrimaiL,of tib-Dec20: "Hotlringretho 20th7of E witha. nu, Capo A ujatil ISfo'cIoc at^l p. TO.-ti<^>loiado Koe n Ever7 eff «ffect. Tbep-vessel leaked! $&. nightfrbccj'•Ctt.ofthe21s impossible to we took this Btoveinoure-everything e: Wwovi had."We then at 2 o'clock i our open boat where we t^ol schoonerfor nit,"TheElber was 346 tuns and other*. |\iaWailstrae. [\ M O M . *V THAK r^TKI •' Georgia, run ,/atSfcvannal3STew-York, >Soutb; and bi 'trade with I•bowed an u >: ^ineariy25pe eember, 1^5! correepoudix and the bus TnsiritainH ih-personal aspiration i.sociation, in tbe ReV.Dr. Btfchaxd's Ch#ch}in Thir-.cempbmenttheothers. Afterthesetrialsthe mthevkinityiBmostexclusively;Mexican. Dr. tbecanva»»commencedin.earaest,andtobekeptnpnelat Southern Democrats approached Mr. Stevens,\, saying he was very much astonished that these menforIndisno,agentlemanoftbehighestrespectability,constantly t'«v» li)g through the Sta*e—a State where wo have placed 557 cliildren—testifies'that "very few have $one back to haw York," and that he has " heard of no one who has committed criminal offenses."House adjourned early, in the hope on the Demo- eratic- tide that some-conturaon had been produced .amocg Mr. Sherman's friends. They wHI discoverIwfore long the extent of that delusion.. After .five weeks of steady effort without a result, • i t » perhaps not unreasonable that new members -should become somewhat restive, especially if per- suaded that another candidate would insure a more te success. But it is well to inquire whetherBowie, wbo resides there, was absent, and bis family wasjti BeyHOBO, on the opposite side of the river.I am informea that Col. JLiockridge and other geh'le- men; who left hero on Thursday Cveuing at about 6unceasingly until the day of the election."reach Bio Grande Ci*y by 8 or 9 o'clock thi6 mornmg. ft' assumption, is well founded, and to look beyond It, however, Cortina was really ^mng to Bio Grande,0a. .».•(.'.•-~Ex-SenatorBoyee of Wisconsin, who is at present leading the Anti-Gallows movement in this State, was at Batavia on the 7th inst., and as Lockport on the 10th. He is-to lectufe at Syracuse, on the 13th; atitJiica, on the 14tb, and at Wutcrtown on the 16th.the rocment in taking such a re«ponaibility. Thejtubiic are entitled to know that' Mr. Sherman does 1 am afraidr be too late to anbrd any assiittauod. Myaotwish-to occupy his present position a moment impression' is that Cortina will either cross the river or longerthanthefriendswhohaveplacedhimthere keepthebushes,ifhedoesnotstandandmakefight.desire that he should stand. If any other candidate •eon obtain a larger vote he will withdraw instantly, aasdoonir&uteeveryeffort to promoteMssuccess. This fact is well understood here.Since the suggestion was made that other gentle-menmightobtain larger support, specialinquiriesThe latter, 1 think, be will do if he can have choice ofthe fellow's license ?i—» CONTRACTS AWARDED\j ; CoXanayhave beeninstituted to test the truth of these specu- found in Tnx TUIBURZ ALJIAHAC for 1860.On the reveree sido it reads:senc<-r using this Pass, is in direct -violation of the Eaios of ',of this Company. ' '<••:•;•.;•'«.:•. The "Person accepting this free ticket assumes all risk of : sccWeutB, and •ocprftsiy aarees that the Company shall not :City iwbich I very much doubt). ForU's party would,j ;''.; fl. *• 5P*>K. -1 tt »* . •: l&l:petition*.' ;REVIEW OFPATENTS.lations. Innotoneinstancehaveasufficientnuux- —TheMzmyliUEnquirerfavorsthenominationofthe «.••>••*•*••Sj*.****^••••••'••••.*/s«s»*»s*e*'t . . . . . . .-bsr-of additional votes been pledged to compensatet t o loss that would ensue from a change. When; : ;'J he carrymg of telegraphic communlcattone by the Pas- : very few are sufficiently novel to interest the general If they do not-r-if generally; as appears from thosePOLITICAL,STREKT• • • •' '—The Constitution of the United States may be.......*.! v ^,_.-_V J '.-.-HDecember. From thia lupgeupamber, probably but a The great point to he setfled is-the fact, Do thoeeIm'ftlfpVofa^ and childrenwhomwesendofffromviceandpovertyhereeven among thoee that have Borne elements ofutiHty, become burdens or nuisances to society in the country ?terday by the Btr«et Commissioner, aud the foliowingcontractsawarded: Regulating and grading Eightbiavenue, from One-hundred-and-fourteenth street toOne-huudred-and-twenty-fifth street; awarded to Cor-nelius Smith, at $11,232; time, one year; sureties,Bai.tlett and Andrew Smith. Regulating and grading;Fifty -ninth street, from {Eighth to Tenth avenue;Hon. EdwarO Everett for Prewdent, by the Charlestonreader.With few exceptions, the astonishingly marvelousletters, public sentiment in the country is in favor ofthe plan—what objection can there be to all our largethe direct question was pat to - the -irrtiereeTndw democratic Convention. The BtUietin, of the same :t I: : : :rity, is willing to BUpportMr. Douglas if he will cut .: ;WiUBbjt the balance of power between the two par-Hes, and to others whose names were used in con-nection with this subject, no satisfactory responsecould be obtained—at least, not such a one as would peesage in the recent speech of Senator Ivcraon of :be liable, under any circumstances, whether of negligence : inventions are inI themselves useless; yet, unless pro- institutions sending forth their orphan, or houseless, orby tneir a«enta or otherwise, for any injuiy to the rYrson, : duced, as is Fomeiknes the ca>e, expressly for decep- pauper little ones to a new life of industry and happi- or IOJ any Iocs or injury to the property of the passenger :bimself loose from the trammels of that convention. We would commend to the Union-waving friends thatawarded to Jeremiah D. Moore, at $2,71216; time, ;uhfaigthisticket * • - •.... tion,theyusuallyembodyphilosophicalpoiutawhich nessinthebioadWest1 And,asMr.Braceobserves, 200days. FilingsunkenlotsNos 129to131Man-water, Mass., patents an " Improvement in Dental <eree companies so long heralded as coming from For Mr. Sherman Speaker of the House of Representa- .—A statement that Leigh Bunt was tbe original of 'Apparatus for Relief of Pain," waich ia a simple audchinery and excellent agents of a society so well es- tabl'*hedinpublicconfidenceastho CHILDREN'S AID SOC^JETY.Wot the bertmaterial in officers and men, but rather1mminnumbers,thefaultofthecommanderoftheDe-" Of OOQTMIt In impoMfble to rt«t« positively how this resist -wa»brougltabout,butwepresumethattheplnraiityrule touat bttYe boeo &dopt«d. From all w o ha*« beard of tho character ofHaroldSkimpolein"BleakHouse,"whichoriginated in this country, and has since been copied quite ex- tensivelyintotheEnglishpress,isdeniedbyMr.convenient plan for applying electricity to the tooth and juw, through the inttroment while operating; wfcereby it is alleged that the subject is relieved frompartment or of the Secretary of War, or both.* On the 8tb, a party of thirty of Cortina'* men took a UH» Speaker elect, save bla iudoraomeut of the Helper book, w «Dickens in All tbe Year Round. He acknowledges much of the pain"otherwise attending tooth extracting, thatfortbepleasureitafforded"himtothinkoftbe andotherdentaloperutiouH. TheinventorBays:BOARD OFEDUCATION.jfovtbprisoner,withinhalfamileoftheplaza,andtook areinclinedtobelievethatbewillnakeanableandimpartial fivm hi a his saddle and bridle, releasing hi» horse bc- presiding < fiicer, *nd that hi« election, bowever seriously k may «»**«• it wis* Worthless, and himself because he was a affrct tbe intereat* of party pontics, will in no »eriotu way miHtate l i t acinar. against those of tbe Nation at large."Some days afterward sews was brought in that a —The Petersburg (Va.) Press objects /Very emphat- «*&tcontaining about two thousand dollars worth of ically to Mr. Fillmore's h*te letter to tLe Union meet-TheBoardofEducationmetfororganizationlast ceiptsfor,commutationfrom1stinst.,$1,0681 Over- delightful manner of Hunt reproducing iteclf under hie " I cla'm the combination of dental forceps, or instrument for evening. Mr. TOTHILL was made President pro tern., draft, lltb inst, $10,585 16. No further business beingO^verDTDcutproperty,clothing-,blank*t«,andammuni- ttou, which bad been left behind to come in at leisure, t waa an ox cart), had been taken by one of Cortina.'sra>e, the military started up to find and attack Cortina. " The election of a Black Republican advocate of tbe Irrepres- "Sphereweio^142regularsand 125 Bangers. They started sible conflict,'will be tbe withdrawal of tbe Stateu tupportingtiousandconscientious,thatheprivatelyreferredtheproof sheets of the firtt number of that book to twointimate literary friends of Leigh Hunt (both «jliletsinreuaibletopainduringtbeperformanceofthedental operation.'*1alsoparticularlyclaimtheapplication of the electrical ap- paratus to the dental instrument, ao that the latter m a y b e in or form part of the circuit, as specified "' ' r40 John Davenport 1C Necesfarytoachoice........21AndrewH.Green..... 1William K. Curtis 28Meters. Davenport and Green were appointed a Committee to conduct Mr. Curtis to t.he chair.enormousdiplomacydiplomacyinto such coufnsion that there is but little hope that it will ever regain the position which it attained on this firBt day of the seseion/' '•.:'• ^ 'M VThe Chicago corresponient of The Herald writes:••Tb« friends of Liucoln are hlgbly pleased with the selectionof Chkogo as th« place for holding tbe Republican National Con-vention. Many of them now declare thut hi*- nomination is aforegone conclusion; tbey even go so far aa to-rirsert that SenatorSeward will use all his influence for h'm. Seward has many: ? ;blunderw a s at tbeinhas succeeded in getting .the Democracy•••••SIsobottom of it, and South-Americancoln's supervision. The arguments of those two men are to becare and supervision. But tbe natural remedy for pretty good fair cattle for market retailing wore abund- cientplantorelievethecitiesofthedestitutevagrant ourcattlumarketreportthisweek, wheroanaoewdlthat, as soon as the lact became known yesterday,thatthe•Democrats,Anti-Leooxnptonmen,andthatI,hadomittedastatementofthekilledandprintedsidebyside,andusedtomakeRepublicanlefcruitsin thatMaj.Lelund,oftheMetropolitanHetel,New-America^heclaims,andbyfarthomostcheapandeffi-antat7®8c.apound.Wecallparticularattentiont«i « fCstxnaisar timid and inexperienced friends did take the follows, viz: One man (a ranger) killed, and two regu- lars Bbghtly wounded. One man (a ranger) was • trcmori,' and were willing to seek refuge in any wounded in the arm by the accidental discharge of bin own gun; his arm- has since been amputated; he in now in the military hospital an this place, and doing—The Philadelphia North American eon.tendsthai the Iron Interest extends through all tha^Central States, including much of tbe territory on the Ohio, and says: *4 It will be suicidal for the Opposition party m other States to neglect its wiebes, and a compulsory astpara- tion from a free-trade division of the: Northern Oppo- sition will be worse for the latter, than any other fate in I860. Whole townships, and even ditstricta, will vote solid, workmen and proprietors, for the candidates representing rightful protection to industry, and solid againstthoserepresentngfree-trade."—It is reported in Kansas that Gov. Sam Hedary has purchased The Lawrence Herald of Freedomt and that henceforth it will be a Democratic paper. <,horses and sheep, to his " Home Ranch" of 1,700 acres, at Helena, the county seat Of Karnes County, 90 miles neaier the coast than bis " Comal Ranch," of 10,000 acres, reetn'Jy sold to Wm. Wilkefcon, esq., of Baffalo, N. Y., for $75,000. His Home Ranch iaaveryricu body of land, lying between, and having a frontage of thirteen miles on the Cibolo, Eel*to and San Antonio Rivers. He pawed through tb^a city jrom the east, on Saturday, with some fine French Meriuo and Saxony Bucks, a mammoih Maltese Jack, and a full-blooded MorganSia'lion. OurStateiefastfillingupwithmen1 of wealth and.enterprise. 'will be found of a steer, supposed to ho the largest ove* fatted in this country J > his actual weight on tho ecaiea, in »n unfed condition, being 3,452 poands; his hhstory• y arter, without counting the consequences of such - a venture. There may have been some-others* who, • wuh a high appreciation of their own merits, werechildren, is the simple emigration system; that is, sending the children where tbey aioconstantly wanted, and where they become very useful, to the country dis- tricts The demand fo* children's labor, he states, is almoet unlimited, the Children s A'd-Society alone re- cfiving thousands of applications each year more thanit can supply.To the objectiens urged to this plan, thatthe children teenth fttrcet.• —Tbe MarquJB de Gullifet, who fought the duel with the Count.(and not Marquis) Laimeton, because the ;- j-Tbo Milwaukee, Wisconsin, correspondent of TM latter looked too much at his newly-married wife at the opera, thinking that the blow in the face which tbe Ccunt gave him bad not been wiffieieotly atoned for byProf.J.StanleyGrimes,thewell-knownleeturero* phrenology, mesmerism, and kindred topics, will de-' liver a lecture this evening, at Clinton Hall, fcefore theHerald writes:- ; \'.\•'•;•>•'•In •Presidential^preferenoes the Republioans are decidedly for Senator Seward, at least nine-tenthB of them. He will receiveoccasion referred to. We have no doubt it will he wretchedchildrenintheirnewhomesare"more ceedindemonatratingittothesatisfactionoftheat the session of the lsst State Convention. Tbey will not stickto him in every emergency, but failing | to secure his nomination,willtakethenextbestman. AlthoughDouglaswillbetheirfirst shookhands,andmutuallyexpressedregretsatthe- let:.choice, they will he sath-fiedwith any other good man." causes which led to the difficulty, lauriston leading ofl' . Some of the writers speak of the children as thriving " as welllor the Presidential contest. Lattt Monday evening a j'* Republican Club," for .the town of Walktll, Orange ^j time when several of the Anti-Lecomoton men votedemy at Edinburgh. The population at that place aud County, waB organized, and pledged to " she work of. f,JT Mr. Gilmerof North Carolina, one of the promi- that. The Agent of the American ahd foreign Chris'.ian Union,should vote for Mr. Gilmer, who owned nearly a '•—-The •" Canal Men," at Albany, have attempted to.11The Superintendent of the Chicoco Reform School, one of thomoi;t successful and experienced men in this country, in Juve-nile Reform,-atatee that his iii^titu«ion bos never bod but three how he intends to serve the cheating fraternity. , Van of cur children committed by t»e lUinoi» State Oourts. tl»o«ighw e have sent to the State 265, and such an institntion in ofeourso the place where criminalchildren of ti>is class wool J atburlesque tbe fi-ee pass system by issuing a buslesquo hundred head of nigger*." 'ADOCB he ?" said Mr o'clock^ overtook the troops yesterday. Neal tells me p«s*, of which the following is a description. On the S*; A then I tbiuk Ishail vote for him myself, for it iait w»b intended by Major rtemtzleman to pu*h forward Major Fotd with about 100 picked mounted men, aicy cojainanied by Cant. Heron and.Clay Davir; that they would travel all, last night, and would be likely toyour little one-headed nigger men who make all the ss*ss>ss»»«|««s«sfll«*tftt«*«**f •••• •l**tl«tftiM««*>«f| •>%•*••••**>4*M*a '• trouble."' '•',;:'-;'^••-••••;.'•;.•. ::-•,. : ^ir..i-.. once be committed.' - A pToroin«nt ffoatlemon, residini;in Battle Creek, Michigan,i n the. neichb.orhood 02 which wei have pat but asout 120, .writes: " 1 think it is su»eeptible of proof, that no equal DU.D- " her of ehildren raised he^e, are superior to thjne you placed ' " o u t . " T w o prominent gentlemen from Pennsylvania one of •them a leading Judge in the "State, write that they nave»notSicklen, the notorious mock auctioneer of No. 1 Park Row, was arreted for swindling a countryman to tbe tune of $25. This fellow is notorious, and a nuisance* The. Mayor merely required him to refund the money, and then *et bim at liberty. This is *just what- the swindlers will cheerfully do whenever they are oorne*!»''•*"":'aS i4>: !>::» Free.Complimentary.* •Erie Lin* Canal Boats,":'«-dJ-' •' IS"FullPass,Incmding Berth, Board, w i n e , and Cigars. PassH.B.Miiloion Xrie Canal during I860, unless otherwise ordered.[rossOVXR-3..*»...•*....••.•..-• +, \ 'T ",•/:?:W . J. K.EELEB,, Resident Engineer*known an instance of one of pur children b*ini? impiisoned for ed, meanwhile profiting by the plunder of the scoresband, be yielded to tbe temptation of too often making operating upon te^th. with electro-magnetic mochanlsm, sub- stantially as described, or its equivalent, so that the electrical his character speak like his old friend. But even in current or currents may be made to flow through tbe nerve orand Messrs. Waterbury and Fairman tellers for the ballot for President, which was taken, with the fol-piesented, the Board adjourned."honor was satisfied," and the principals thereuponthe Hon. Tbaddeus Stevens of Pennpylyania: Ao the-•»'„:;;There were 312 patents granted during the month oftbe mere occasional manner he meant to be so cau- 'Sem-s of the tootb, or the U»v or flesh, immediately, contiguous lowing result: tbeift< ,,in ord*r to benumb the imino, aui render such more-or W hole number of votesOPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL.—The annual meeting csV theBoardofDirectorsandmembersof theNew- YorkOphthalmicHospital was held at tbeir rooms, Tuesday evening, 10th inst. The surgeons, Driu Stephenson and Garrisb, presented their anaual re- port, whereby it appeared that 1,011 new patientaPwiiJ* diseases of the eye had been treated at the HospitalI&x. CURTIS, on taking the chair, thanked the Board way." • '/,_'•• '.' .' \ "."-. . tention of members to the weighty trust reposed inin this county, and is tbe son of tbe late Alfred Wilkinson, a ster-"every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, frail 1 to 3" ' The Wflmot Pro»i*o setks to take from Us legitimate tri- sleep, saddled a horse and rode some distance from the. thought of before. Inventors are more often surprised Elections and Qualifications.bunal a question of domestic policy, having no relation to theUnion, as >m-b, and to uansfcr it to another, created by tbe peo- houee before he awoke. He was then so bewilderedto find the essentials in an intricate piece of mechanism, rejected for want of novelty, when they had felt sure of being the originators, for tho reason of their intri-The Standing Committees were then constituted as follows, and bv tbe following vote, Republicans in small capitals, Democrats in Roman:^Ftte ic£dV?V~'T$'s'P*L KVyjUastuc 89, Crozier 87, McKay 29.Stent28,Green24,8tone22.ple i«i a special purpose ano foreign to the subject-matter in- volved in this issue! By going back to our true principle*, we go back to the road of peace and safety. Leave to the peoplethat Le was nnabie to retrace his steps, and when,found was to benumbed with cold that be lived but aThelossoftheenemyisunknown,exceptthatseven whowillbeafleetedbythisauestion.toadjustItupontheir shorttime. Tnehorsewasstandingnearhimwhen cacybothinconstructionanddesign. own responsibility, a&d in their own manner, and we shall ren-were found dead. Cortina himself, with, the major . part of hi» forces, was absent, with the intent to sur- prise and attack Col. J. 8. Ford of the Texas Bangers,-who arrived at the place of conflict, with fifty men, on fib« Mlb, but too late to participate.On the 16th, Capt Herron of Segnin. with forty men,- who had gone to Bio Gmnde City ana thence to Edin-• iwr«, came here, via Salt lake and Taylor's Crossing,Hormai School*—FARtt 39, O'Kcefe 88, MASOK 35, STAproan der tribute to the original principles of our Government, and found. He had befoie given evidences of somnambu- S. W. Chamberlain of Three Oaks, Mich., patents 32, Waterbury 28, McGuire 22, GuKOoaTt^l.turn sh another guaranty for its permanence and prosperity.'" This adhesion to Squatter Sovereignty, Mr. Guthrie has never retracted or modified. Tke Journal, how- ever, thinks that he should be induced to let the worldknow what he thinss on the subject now.—Tbe following resolutions are now before the Leg-Evenmo ScAoo/s—Byrne 28, Slate 28, MAKHINBR 25, Lydecker 24, Farley 24, Tiatrsos 28, CKA*. E. GuABRsLaVB VLnecied that neither port can move independent of thoout of boose twice in one night! He o«hed two other, and in such a way that they swing open in op* »EIISUBVK 37, "Watson 25, C o o s a 25.pofcite directions. The probable object of this iaven' _ Dr. Wm. B. Eager, jr., who was at the head of the houses, a short distance from each other.: Tha one he Normal-School Committee last year, was complimeutodlived in took fire about 6 o'clock, and his family had tion is to counteract the force of the wind, as it will be by a nomination by both parties; he, however, do-seen that whichever way it may blow, its force cBnrd. " ' • • barely time .to escape to the other. About 12 o'clock Members selected their seats.the maintenai.ee of tbeir rights* and to convene tbe .Legislature advertised, and, notwithstanding the severity of tho stering the day the cavalry and Ford s Bangers came In e*tr*ord nary s»»*t6n should tbe necessity occur.•'dfau The former reported finding one man, a Mexican, " Fetolved, TbattbeOovernvor.be requested to forward a copy weather, it was most sausiUctorily attended, and tbecontraction of the said spring and: the balanoe, substantially tut :Jwoging at Palo Alto, whom th*y boried.efo^mt Wih Tobin's Bangers returned, reporting theCortina had beea within three mileaof ^M«D£ry clear. Cortma had beeay o m t lmbelt but had Jeft, and all was quiet.An expedztfon was fitted out and started up the riverjObUi4f*J ItieioMDAdasauextmguisber..of this report and these/ resolutions to our trustors and llepr* - sentatlveinCongress,asalsototheGovernorsoftbeseveral States of tho United 8 t a t * s . ^ - ,described.*'__THEMrs. H,M.T.Cutler.votestood'asfollows:if•Urn,wt *| ^W^^rf^l \ YEAS-.Cftvan»»h,MoCay,Wation,Or<wi»r,^blae,»AUgh- .rty,Brennan,BeM,Xydookcr,Rb^w,Olotor, Greene,Bene-J&& THE PURSUIT.Blackwell, Francos D. Gage, J. Eliwtbeth Jones, and Nays. On the question of suataittiag the Chair, the employed to light the fire under the boiler everyvi^^eible.th, -***.meor; Southerthink tbufacuit .ginaiu^tinguishing characteristic of the scone was the vast —The New-York correspondent of The Memphis amount of amusement and fun going on In every partEnquirer says that the tendency of all the speeches atthe recent Union meeting it ihis city was " to anew, ger, as yon enter, is to be seen what is called a " Sur-patriotic, nsselnsh organizaioa, no member of which prito," where for the small earn of a franc you areThe CHAIR decided Mr. Tucker's motion out oft;d be held in Aljbany, Feb. 3 and 4. The speakers an order. '--, ':.' •• •:'^-,-:\:--:. -•• •.;-\-t{;vi'':';^ '":•.••: : Jackman held an inquest on Wednesda)', at'?$§£&&;^;jboe»'i"Thoueai ^VftbeNw~ 'T9vro.rx.pec: 22,1859;:j shouldbeanoffice-seeker,andallboundtoharmony, permittedtodrawforthanobjectfromamultitude»verydefinite&toresults, peace,compromise,fraternity,andunion,nowand collectedtogetherinavastreceptacle. Onegentle-morning,andabout7o'clocka.m.onTuesday,hewae terriblyscaldedbythe^explotdonoftheboUer, The .Co^xm^m^,^^^ the, boiW thoroughly ex- amined by boiler makers and others, all of whom tes- tifiedthatitwassubstantiallymade,andnearlyasgood as new, and that the explosion wee caused hy th« git-questiononthetable;Hwa«lostbythesamevotepre- lagwayoftwoofthe nisi which •ibery m the lint vote.; op with our troops as Ux as hisa here, which hefound unbarnt former." Good I Whatouthouses had been burned, O'ConorandHr,JamesBrooks?)^\.0^^i^^^^Mx\ man, as we paused an instant before the pretty young^ »4';;r American girl who prctuded over the dkjtribut/ion,|THB ADVANTAGJ: OF OuaaNiZATioK.—At Tarry- dict, MoGwire Fwley, (vaterbtUTf^O'We—ia. • town, on Saturday, the Republicans in the election for NA YB~Timp*oo, Gould,' TntidD, Eager,. Coger, Andxewa,schoolmasters,metwithacompletetriumph—aidwhy1 aleevo,Reynolds,Warion,Btsttord, CampbeU,Faixman, Btoue, f:seat's moeh" hod/ beea burned. The Mexicans were —^The Demoaatic Convention of Hardeman County, drew forth a porcelain basket, and the writer of theseBecause tbey had taken the precaution to thoroughly mout, Dfcve*j|^-*U'. • :;',,. •••••-., -'-• i ,,••' ..v.- ;•' , The vote was then taken pjkrh^^^.ii^,jite^vmo ^ A n t in advance of our troops. OaT^^yp»i^.Co>ltoftWpt iu Edinburgn--didTennessee, hae adopted reeolutions recommending thatfines had the good fortune to obtain a multiplicationif".-»:\M •,,©rganlic;andtooktheShamDemocracybysurpriae.lism.an "Improved Gate." This ia a double gate, so eon—Mr. Price, of St. Stephen, in Maine, was burned. Fmamce Committee--TUOKBH 41, Glover 41, DAVID H; Glx>T a«l>Ri . riU, of MJ . „. Friday la*StatoTrei ••Prora H jather, in peculauoijUvingde books of $80,0tH)ai whole or tordatore' joake goo " ThedoubtcoJ: auredUK iwmor»bl;. and wiu lowed VState"/ Florida, in General Aucmbly convened, That, in view bitterly cold, was laid in ashes. the other. For particularly bloak looalitiea on farms, Whereat,. By the provisions of the By-law adoptod by thisand Coroner Jackmanhashad tbe case under inveadga- 4on; but, owing to the absenoe of important witooBsos, the inquest stands adjourned till to-day. The evi- dence already elicited points to Toole aa tbe person who gave the fatal blow, and he was locked up fox eiamination.HewasfoundatahotelintheBowery,of our national affairs, the time for argument has passed, tho time for action arrived, and that Florida, as one of tbe southern States, abides the destiny of her sisters, and extends ber warm- est assurance and cooperation in any course their united wis- dom may device-Boaid on tho 15th day of Jnno la»t, rolaiivo, toreading tbe Blb'e —Dreseer, not Walker, nor Patten, ifl the name of we should judge it might be useful. in tbe schools under the juibidiction of this Board, it is not made 1 Tbe accuracy with which our best watohes keep itic duty of the teachers to perform the service pre»crib«dtbe pirate captain of the Wanderer, and his friends say thortbyj thereforethat u blow <-n tbe head..from ft cotton bale made him lime is alreadyflHtouisbiug,but as an inaccuracy of •Rwvircd, ab»t the Presiacnt and Clerk are hereby authorizedIfrom five to ten minutes a year is very unsatisfactory to sign warrisnts for the payment of tho salaries of teachers urt- withstunding any alleged non-compliance vrith that Bv-law bv" Re$clv<d, That in tbe event of tbe election ofa President by a -Hortbern party, opposed to Slavery as it exists in the Southerninsane, which accounts for; his piracy, bis frauds inStates,itvillbetb»dotyoftbeSouthernStatestopreventbis New-YorkandNew-Orleans,andhistwowivesin 4oinventivegenius,H.B.Jam^BofTrenton,N.J., them,-.'. ••..,... ,'.'.:.,:< ..•,'•,••. J 'inauguration,ortotake*OUM>measures,incommontoprotect themselves, and, as one of tbe Southern States, Florida hereby pMgesherself to doherouty. • ,' .:.viMaine and Liverpool,alicgeBthefollowingimprovement:Mr.DAVKN?ORTmovedthatitlieohthetablelLost andwASabouttakinghisdeparturefortheSouth."* by the followirg vote:On the Iffth,this news was confirmed, with the ad-iEtionthathewasburningtheranchosashewent,and •*HtuHctd, Th»t,togiv*»effecttothisassuredcooperation the —Qalignatti's Messenger says that the American .springof awatch,or other timekoopor governed byabalance, »r^? 7^ ? » >'«>a. Gould^Tpthiu, Coger, Andrews^that be delayed his mtention to plnader and then burn Governor be and he is hereby authorised, upon the call of any ;by moans of combined lamina: of different metals, no applied to Tucker, Giloerskve, Farr, Manon, MutzRor, Grcrfory, Gilder- : EXPLOSION 9F A STEAM 'BOILER.—Tho steam boilerof our sister Mfoy«-boldU>g State*, and particularly of those bor- Fancy Pair at present going onat Paris, for the ben- act upon tho end of the spring which has been oommonly fixed ai«?eve, lteynolcs, Warren, Stafford, CantrelL Falruftm. otone, JEdmburg,BioGTandeCtty,andRoma. Kxprewes deringontheFreeMate*,totakeanyandallstepsnecessaryfor efitoftheChapelintbeRuedeBern,commencedas that,bynnincieoseordiminutionoftemperature,thosaid Duveuport—20. "" " • 'springiscausedtobetakenupor lotoutthroughthecurbpins, NAyS-Cttvanach,MoCBy.CrorJor,Bhiup,Dougherty,Ea**r,:ottheirequivalenta, and 00 tocomponBateforthoexpanslonand Brcnnan, Begg, J.ydecker, Rhodes, Glover.r Byrue, Greeue,; Beneoiot,Tutors, McGuire, Curtis, Farley, WaUwbu'y, Stout,receiptsmusthavebeenveryconsiderable. Thedis-Mr.WATKREURYthenmovedthepreviousquestion.Mr. TUCKER moved to lay that motion on the tabicinjured youth was conveyed to his residence near by, wi ere be died in* the coarse of the dayy tyxcitofc• ,Thomas B. Pogaity, of - Jharleaton, S. C , patentaon their discovering too strong a resemblance to " hisi an " Improvement in Gas Meters," which consists in for the honor conferred upon him. He called the at-\. . .BV THEsiojrzj^--Another batch of proposals wore opeaed yetsr4 M W wUv^t >*/<••«; attaching to the common metera^Boparate reservoir of them by the-third city, in thewona, and the first in the—A correspondent at Syracuse sends us the follow- water, from which the meter ie infrared a constant sup- promotion of education. Under tbeir care were *^69 during the last year, making 7,616 poor persons treateding accoant of the new United States Senator from1 Minneeota:ply by means of; suitable automatic mechanism which keeps tbe fluid exactly up to the water line, thus effect- ing a reliable and accurate measurement of the gas.Schools, and a Free Academy, with 150,000 pupils. With the increase of tbe city in population and wcalch, their duties and responsibilities would increase. The man was_ yet living who could remember when threeat tbie institution since its incorporation in 1852. This Hospital is located at No. 6 Stuyvesant street, opposite the Bible. House, at the junction of Third avenue andabout 5 o'clock a. m., and after a march, quite iHtiguingto theartillerymen, whowere on foot, of thirteen miles.Ubey eame upon a body of the enemysome two hundredstrong, and opened a fire on them with two 24-pound —Mr. Guthrie being put prominently forward as a preparing for Congressional duties. H e was born in Skuueuteles,: AO gas consumers are aware of the annoyance neces- parish BCUOOIB were the only moans of public instruc- Ninth street, and i* open for the reception of patients*v<k election from the Union. Such an act would be a dissolution of the Union as formed by our forefathers.''" The Ilvn. Morton S. (Wilkinson has been spending a few days here, recruiting after tbe severe labors of tbe Fall campaign andling Abolitionist, end the nephew of John Wilkinson of this meters, and should this invention be. simple in con- carry but the charge devolved upon them, ana beo'clock.: ,. I " ",plsce. B e is six f«et three incbes in bight, with a high forehead hoped he would have their good offices to aid him iu"Improvement in Watch and other Keys," as fol-40. • 2 Mr.GREIN thenreadacommunicationfromthe School Ofiicers or the Nineteenth Ward, nominating DennisMcCarthytofillthevacancyoccasionedbythe This is .one of those useful improvements the tie between George Weir, Democrat, and Addison —A ion of William Nicholson of Lafayette, lad.,j Brown, Republican, in that Ward. After* debate,of aged 17, on the night before Christmas got up in hisj simplicity of which makes us wonder it was never half an hour, it was referred to the Committee ona year since, when he went to Waukato, 100 miles south-westi: lows: 'fromtbuttown. Hewilltakehisseatonthe10thiuat. j "1claim,OBahewarticleofmanufacture,awntohordoorkey421 Thomas Boese2 2 | B l a n k . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .".Another Senator, K.. S. Bingham, was born in MareeHus, itsofthe harmony oftbe States, in favor ofGen.CUB'Selection. OnondsguCounty." 1 bepunchedoutthroughiheopenstem,assetforth."with a hollow s^cm or pod, open at toth its ends, so that any-- '"'largo mass >eastwhich : Whichis foto be the bcannon ^ra :~ ftundexT h :,,j Jloyd, ait Jjaaa's pl»n< w»idthat»l canbe hian-thing getting into it that would obstruet its action will drop or*'1 clnim conttolHng the active length of tho pendulous or hairA B I u p ! , I , vyThe New-York State Woman's Rights Convention isof tbe rooms. Right in the center, says TIUB Messen- nounoed are Wendell Phillips, the Rev. Antoinette B. , Mr.TrjcKER appealed,".and demanded the Yeas and Ninth street^ upon the body. The boy, it appears, waaUntitled Document^^LU_^_Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•'"^•^^^"M^lWSiMiiliMSSaiSSSJSSS• 'IIjuvenile vagrants and paupers.Mr. Brace takes the ground that the charitable insti-tutions for children, in America, have been too much framed m irritation of English institutions, where tbe conditions of the problem are entirely different. Tne relations-of labor and capitalthere make all cbe leasted- ucnted kinds of woric almost a drug in tho market, and the demand/or children's labor is compamtively un important. The consequence is that pauper children, joung yagrants, and street bojs, and all the large classcorrupt the families and localities to which they are sent, tbe pamphlet replies by showing the impossibility of any society's sending year after year to the country towns,perrons wbo were confinnedjy idle or criminal.••••..••: .»; •—•Tucker, GUdwaleevo, Farr, MwB n, Metagar, Gregory, Gttdor-, k .«•y^,«*n.'Ct%»»>•»•>- ,.-^. /*,'M>* ^^v';' •/. .,,><' * - . „ „ - . .M^-Vn/M ..*.„ ,*/•<" ^>« A>J^«»W.^«.>+MW^C —!#hf wHon tho m ^ba« thk aceider, vented. The jt3&A"that accidentally re^ej partoeefrom York, and lived^,BWR»EI> TOD quest was bold •Js*' No. 19 Mortoi McAuluT,an lri» found lying in ,habove building, a crisp,andh»;rj »ot 'been aeon iJqrjpearance ai Jfibe house, who] yoom, and found!of gin lay beside] was burned ID drunk she eet I The Jury readei' cidentaliy• recoiv '&&#&& •-*¥ ANEWiYoHK ISFew-Tork "sboup.. arficlrtof Dec- 2a, ii Th« lattw h*d a ai SUppwii to havn CuBorofngs artic^ <-dWbca W W W die take effect, b«t tk«until noi*n of Wednesday,, stopping tbo ferric* t© tiki who fill up Reformatories, are obliged to be kept in Eastern Dirtriet of Brooklyn, and seriopsly impodl^|Such a movement would soon fall under a just public Kane Monument Association. Mr. Grimes professedacriminaloffense,thoughwehavesent409tothisStole.Theee letters seem to ut to set at rest any .question there might he in regard to the immense advantage of the emigration system for this class,overany otherwhodon'tcomplain. WhydidtheMayornotrevokeWill repayperuaaL ,'j,To-morrow evening the Rev. J. P . Newman.,' ,Board held]•;BS. www.fultonhistory.com 