 orIt riAKO acting tftBROW*•attahtame to WOWN BR •-**. A p -*KR orttraeek*. lame* S. jutreel.' .SIOBT. sot, by H. II prnoMte (teak o t «wtmc aonrn In••******rath and•ArrasMadtaoreVTREKT, •t -tree* I mil to >M DRYB«*, id* be ttadesr UnooB't,rKRKlfBracul.-i, ttu T WilliETBEJfrwaTXU'VPAT, a ««raairetnrLri'RHsa toW. C " the pa* kbore f«*A «M>LW i Tobiwa d, and ai»BKNTB- •;nu* r-ifl a W^lkat i m a a a !v; th.*nk- t Thirty-!K KB- •d aa ee<|tdway.orptoc* in the future, ss far as human foresight can guard authorised to sell for what he could get. The money am new a Union man, net from any silly notion that it is against it; and further ko enable them, as they havewUOLB:"* Jit*Jaw-i''i* p. $582*KDITION-THITBSDAY,DpaicE TWO CENTS:to he executed,Iftwo mum wflwnTOioiii raog^d, there being no Boons prlatar, the Oommittee onI f m t m t w,ll awtboTiao .the Ssaartateaotoat (n have % wOrkexecutedaceordlugto thelawof InstGongross,doPassage of the Treasury Note ducting forty par centt** •threat was made one, two, or Now is the time to carry it oat.Order was restored.Mr. WWPAIXsaid if the exhibitton of feeling to th^gd- tones occurs again, the gaDariea Swhall b„^e^c^l.e,ared, .•mvoluntary servKade, except to I ha and is h-reby prohibited.M » * h i » «New York Day B<xic. I would like to see notes issued in s.ii'-- of not less than twenty dollars..Mr. FnttKsma', (rep.) of Me., sail as the bill originally came from the House, the Secretary of tbe Treasury washot it to lay deliberate impre*»Km, and 1 have been study teg the character oFtbe people you re- present for yearfipaat. Now, the question to, can the 1 nien be saved? I have always been a Union man, and Iratirg. so that each and every State and people thereofmay ki,< w.their precire duties and obhgattaas in thatevent, and no justifiable cause of disturbance may takeM : il the Senate.Mr. Bxium, (opp.) ofMr. MerriU's tariff bill, which mittee on Finance, with the bill.ma TBt nauuo* saaastrxT nota (opp.) of Vs., from thereported the bill authorizing by inserting fM instead of »100., and with an amendment referringexpiration, aad the interest allowed,of th> sales of the public toads areMr. Diivrs, (epp.) of Miss., arose from Ids aad said:—I hope the Senator wHl be permitted to pro- ceed. I think wc attach too much importance to thettaced wttbta the limits oTanvCcegrt st nor any Tcrrtawtoi BKimMfj^n seatWaiawwww, Das. J l , | t e e , The Huprrtetendant •> Public Prlatag, Mr. Boartt, sent a omwanientJoa to tha Jotot Committoa ea Pr nting to- day, that he baa made a ceatract with J. T. Crowell, of Philip P, Thomas Confirmed as Bahway.N. J., for the porchnseof Wendell s printing raaablfaOtmettt. Be agresa ta pay sao hnndroAnad tfatrty-•••»WW^Sear•Ur y «f th» Treasury.«<*.^'%rV-%^'l%i^*»^'M'M»WIMi r E K S T M r M O E O M t t I F CONGRESS.a^aytasam^ '"•fht^nspaMi. of the Interior Department, authorised anarchitect to examine the building, and the result of suchexamination was the fall (although unofflcial) coacur-ref co by Secretary Thompson in the par* base. * vent kidnapping. He j-aid if the Fugitive Slave law was for what they wilt bring. The government tbopkl deal t. n. riutedeipbia nnd New York, If we go oat of the States and* Territories of tbe United States to hereby^t^i^'*'PBSBpfc^n^m^W^i- ejtej^smOta^tSJhtWBBw'these warned yesterday didn't repeat tt to-day. Yesterdsv there was one set; to-day there's a new set. We willget them all Instructed after a while. (Tremendons ap- destitution may prescribe at tip thee of ad proval frcm the galleries and laughter from tbe Senators.)gJpvtons prrblbitteg or imrwwtar the ettablklmaet cf expression of the galleries. I take it for granted that slavery. Provided Storeys tbat ths mV, Territory, or' ^wt*At the resjueet c f SuporintetMlent Ifcam, Secretary • guard against kidnapping.as security for the redemption of the notes.. Mr. Homm said it ants an object to give the notes to upen cotton. You may make grainand they «an husband ritery of the lattod States, tPfKiiM TrMfcltt*Senator Aatheny, wh* to on the Senate Printing Com run tec and who has been many years editor of the Pro- Wflitfmt tf TB SDJCT CMDfRB. t Aeo«.e (P . T.) / trtunl, examined the priatiag material, and considers the parohase aa eoonomical one for the go-dred aad fifty millicus to our own ports, instead of Bos- of transit through, and temporary sojourn in, the severalOJ S e t t l e liiCD*w , B * ( o r YMgfall.almighty dollar. When your operatives are turned out, when capitalists are broken, will you go to direct taxa* tienr. When you cease to have exports, will you have im- porter Factories will then be burnt down and capitalistsCHASE Of A 60VEMMENT HUNTING OFFICE,whirb is a gigantic plundering scheme when comparedwitb the profits of the Beuse printing. Mr. Haskio, whomoved tbe forty per cent reduction on tbe printing,knew This -bonld be reduced in expense at least afty percent. Nearly Irfty ibonpand dollars baa already been paid tothe binders of tbe House, although they have net yet so.p> W M M M I thtoh that Senator WIgfhIll spaeeh will have the tendency to irritate instead of allayand adequate solution of the now pending crisis of the Union would be the adoption by fjpngreas of certain amendments to the constitution, in part explanatory and in part new, but all in harmony with tha pervading spirit of tbe constitution, and the snbmtoeloe of those amend- ments to convent ions or ths Legislatures of the States,ments to the constitution that will vest in the federal mats on their side. A great deal to sakl about government not only the power but make it an impera- thto being the land of liberty, and of a tive dut v to protect slave property as it protects every people who boast that they have a right to govern them-exercise of a similar spirit.rKoH*mox raut ncrxm LVAMA.'tpte tbe eyes of the republicans,iUuU?aJd speech wifl opaa the eyes of theirntt. md resihrm thorn » their anU-slaToryhinars becoming more and" moreoompftoated, sadKtioM'taore aad mora hitter.Wltotad that if the Seaato Oommittee coaM bethe present exciting *tnte «fj the public miad.Aa ofiort i.- making to baye Kansas admitted into the l*nVm. The bill paired the Hoose at tbe tost se»sloa, aad by the >e* ting vote of Senator Iatham, soecetsor of Mr. Broderiik. the bin was reported out of the Senate com.Mr. MOKR-J, (rep.) of Pa., oftbred a resolution instruct other species of property? If he can do this then it will selves. Well, yon will nave an opportunity to make the tag. the Union Committee to Inquire aud report at to end one of our difficulties. But to thto be answers there experiment. (laughter.) For myself, I don't believe whether State Personal Liberty bills are ta ooaitet with is no reason for the excitement in the Southern States; that I owe allegiance to the United States. I believe- I the constitution ; aad, further, to inquire whether thoby tbe aseileaimight be proposed "caicoJated I re-rivet the bonds of anion., Dec 13,influence oi Missouri is against it, and Senator Dongtos, having carried (hat ?ute, is looked upon as having great power towards carrying the bill through the Senate.months. We believe that such amendments would be ratified by large majorities iu nearly all Ihe Statue of the North, and that they ought to be and would besatisfac- torv to the patriot io reason of the Sooth; and that by thapicpoied course of aetlon, if recommended by yourunderstand the question of aifierence between them en-tirelv. But he says that the iieople. of Ulinota and Ken-tucky understand it all. If the Northern States desire itthis Union can be saved, bat this Colon cannot be savedby flattery.. it her on the floor of the Senate or on thetho consideration of executive business, and afterwards adjourned.House of Hepre*eiitatlvc». WASHIKOTO.V. Dec. 12, lsfiO.Mary•••in taf• hw)astsp>lTad ati Cros W the 1trtb. of November. Mr.William Babe, a member of the State Bepoblican Com-mittee of California, aad Mr., Farwell, editor of the AliaCaltfVrwta are here urging the passage of A Paciiic Bail- osmmitti-e and adopted by Congress, all tbe presentstump. You cannot save tbe Union by singing hosannabsto it. You Cannot save the Union by making Fourth of PKCtfOelTJoes HtOa TBS STATBB RKLATrVa TO THE OOXDITni*M, to Thtaptco, to act ia CbBaol Chaw fca1 oar eamsns as iof specie, whichhtral party. The Governor of Thmpieo,peace and unncrsal prosperity, which may then well Thepolttieal poeitton of Stnator Benjamin has been jnsfily cur confident trust in the perpetuity of this snb-PKOi-ownoK Fee* HASsacBUffins.Mr. laiTat, (rep.) of Mam., submitted a.series of reeolutions, declaring that the representatives of Uiepee^ile of the United. States regard it as the doty of every patriot, in the present crisis, to forget parties and sections, and to devote themselves honestly and earnestly to the caetsc of their country; that the same reasons which, in the be-id to acoede t o - e a r dnamaat Cap*.a Mhaah protest sgamet tbe Ctovernor't actioo, n hb reroxa to TeraQros. reported the matter toOfoeana'earataatwhthtthehe hat satatoa of Congress a law was passed treat , Ga , 1 port o/entry, Cor the purpose of intro- i hreign aterahaaatoa httaadsrl to be exhibited at v at that peace, oh tbo lTth mat. A vessel has ar-1 Tbe Territorial question (in our view of the existing C t o w of laid, for « » acres, aad providing for oonfiici- diversity of views, and tha aOseselty of a practicableit would iu- considered a part of tbe constitution. But if ginning of our history as an Independent nation. impelledeight of the non-slavehowiag States voted against the these States to friendly and faithful ©o-operation for the amendment; , and yet they a ere made' a part of the con- common welfare, are in full force now, and shouldv(laughter.) I trust they will understand the Latin ever any such district may,a population and shall havethis mora- , brought by the Pawnee,storm of danger to the Union will by the 4th of March road bill. The former is nearer Of the proeeedingp of a next have rolled away as rspidly as It has swept uponor TUB eocxTKY.The SnuRKB, pursuant to an order of yesterday, calledwithPKfted Captam Hnrtsteia, commanding the •ented them to-day. hJnlv speeches, You have pat to come down to the workhefcrc yon ami do something practically. The people oftbe diflerent slave-holding States, especially thecotton States along the «ulf, are dissatisfiedwith tbe government as about to be admtato- condition of tbe country. . tered bv the incoming administration. There tohd for exportation. Mr. Oathria, special agent of *a»«iTDepartment, toft thiaevaaing far Haeon, to * « the tnteresta of the govenuaeat.sent, except Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, and Mr Rutt of Arkansas, tbe totter not being in the city.Mr. Cwwm dm not make a proposition to-day, but will present one in conformity with that indieat*'d in thetatrs sur-h >f fort.-siu senate, and over inter-State com-merce' should be dc-iared not capable of being appliedto anv'toKrrerence vrrib tbe lawful rights of property asreecMiiaed by tbe States locaHy concerned, and thatoimuttancinifiv with this gtmrautec to tbcWHith in regardto inter-State commerce, the revival! Of the African stove proiicriy. h »'e could beliepe the-y would go to their con-mositv between the States of thto Union, are whoUyunworthy of the honor or the confidence of any portion ofthe American people: that the present state of unfriendlyfeeling extetiug between the different sections of thisconfederacy has arisen from tbe government, by Congross and the Executive, of our provincial dependencies, troversK* «» regard to the several Territortea ef tho* naaaihii iililn talk among some of the Southern*» that,BIordertopreventthacatastrophewhich HKR.UDafewdayssinceas liisngsistlnoi so* f lafiisa would bring ^ooossry.tbeyaheeat themselves from the coa aofth* two banana renewed by tha constitutionrwentwhen she votes are opened aad oounted.to tbe knowledge of ear government thatMi Humphrey, of New Y.-rk. desired that gentlemtmritixens.and that we are opposed to the creation or thetb be embodied in the three great branches of the legitv and carried out in goad faith; that they will acquisition e>f anv more such.dependencies, as being Bg with tbe engine! State*.^«»ga«sd, at Uielastaaoe of the btte Peruviai ****, writing expurte artictas far aewapapers in » «at diMculiy with that g e v w a m i a l Thesa satire aaMreureaeatatioB oaw raeu af tkeQmuaJttee have authortaed Mrof New York, to report m favor of toapeaehinr«rous, tar the foaowing reasons:—That, on th- the territory ot loreign Powers. ^ ^asarraate people of the whole Union, the mode of elect- ir^thePresideLt .night to be modified so as to secure tha obicct of bis being the reprteentath-e of the true ma- joritv of the whole, and not that of a minority, which mavbamrfn to be tbe mere k-cal majority of a singlet. noli tion speeches no longer be made; that we shall not have pirates and murdere: s, and our women in slavery. Until an honest effort is made, I say, to meet tbe de- mands of the South, there ton prospect of giving them arf "wnpt ivoiMMliags to the casa of Caparyvaaretvtogthetittetoa torge tractof bad InTaxas•atrooa had an interest; second, atoo for im***»«•» ths Oavaaas cans; taha, far being eaSecond—An amendment of the Fugitive Slavs tow. pro- viding for the payment of fugitives not returned, at a value at tbe place escaped from, to be assessed by a jury of that vicinage, with twent).-five per. cent added thereto.Third—ta smeadment of the eoattitutt«ni prohibiting Cbtarent from ever aboJtobmf ajtovery in tha District of Columbia, aad guamateetog store, property in the Terrtto-a constitution republican in form, it should be em admission into "the ct-nfcMieracy; that as taxation and reprenpntatton are inseparable, ^ ^ ^ ^ S - ^ n t the load dtetticis foe tbe aa^ortafthesaaomlsjovemmiaa*T*•* «toat parsons m vtolattoa of the tow* of*towtagfrandntoat sadhagod toast earUteaiee,•*»• to be such, aad endeavoring to have themr' *»* by the esorts, aad procariag patoat#** * r getttay np nottUoas wrtta la hto own Ledyarl trill uadouUofla a diplomatic chaial in its executivethe een^tutioxt « * ] 2 2 j TM 3 £divided betwoea'tbe store aad aeavetavehotatag ^totoj; ruit-A vi*t*± or to be governed by Congress, ana teat tne sb»\erv U> be reoogniaed m tbe«a»aud prohibited m t b e5£n*!oTO^b!rtV l£«« •haam I* Pemribta ordy by other iem n; 1trnttbe rignt of prpp*rtym staves shall thlfr ».mexat'«« bv treaty of sovereign fitatee; not tic destroy <d or anpaired »»y Coagreaaioaal ag.tatloa.f e ltffthiis eataMahmeat to pniperly ar-arralgninf thaNorth far interfering with the South, speci- fying i rataltints, «eetfag from the works of the wildest aboliticnista at the expense of the republicans, no con- eluded by assarting that if each State would attend to its ow n aahire there wonld he no trouble.Mr. Tappna, of New York, repltod by quoting (ram tha Chicago platform to show that the republicans are pledged dfatost interfering with slavery in tha States, and in favor of protecting States against invasion.Henry Winter Tavto, of Maryland, spoke in a calm aad conservative tone, deprecating the present state of feel- ing , and all attempts to dtomembar the confederacy. He tog***ted an amendment to tbe Fugitive Steve law, re- quii .us Marshals to deliver fugitives to the district Jadge in district escaped from, and guaranteeing ajury trial of identity, this to be in lieu of Psreonal Liberty bait, aadof Ortme. shall that the said tar-rfve theasand doltora tar lb* property, which fc said (a b* bet»iaa tartytve and afty taxmnand doitors lesn than the origtnat eoft of the nkme The committee nanaimou- i j approved the coarraetMr. WieiFAtx continued:—I say that cotton to king, andthat cotton waves his sceptre not only over thirty-threer tales, bet over the island of Groat Britain, and overcmtlneiital Europe. There's no crowned head, either of the Territories thereof, from aayforttja aoahtry, ta er.cn that island or the continent that does not bend hereby prehibited. No person held to service or labor ta tfe knee ta fear, and acknowledge aitagiance to any state, or in any Territory of the United States, aa that power. Five millions of people in Great Britain live cer the U.w thereof, eacaplcg tarn any uthCT State or Pst-vernment.Ihfe wUi do away with the future disgraceful contwtsfor tbe vriutuig m buih branches.In view of the present^ complicated state of the publicprlntug in both houses, the most politic and raasonablo thing to do now is to repeal so much of the tow of the test session us author toes the purchase of the above named estabBehment by the 4th of March next, at the time when it t-btll go into operation, and provide for its iinnaetiiate operation by the government. At the aame«ion recognizing property in man.Mr. Winsiow, of North Carolina, spoke in reply, andcited the hnrdehips of Southern masters who have been bean robbed of their servants when travelling through Northern States, and especially whoa about to depart tar foreign countries.General Miltoon, of Virginia, also replied, and com- mented at length on the term "property in man," and asserted that it w i t a misuse of terms, and argued that die property which a master has in hto store and hto ser- vices is the same that a man has to the labor and control of hto wife, and that it was as much a hardship to say that a stove owner might go into the Territories, but should not take hto stove, as to say to a husband that he could go, hot should not take his wife.Messrs. Morse, of Maine; Curtis, of Iowa; Kellogg, of Illinois, and Stoat, of Oregon, also made some remarks.The committee was quite harmonious.of the public domain so as to encourage bidders to get to know in a few months, aad in another chamber, tiition of fugitive slaves shall be in any degree impairednotes atpar . If ten mills »is were issued, will it not help (laughter in the galleries.) You suppose numbers eon- cr iropunge.l by onythrrg mntaroed in the towi Or remthe notes not only of this government, hut of the govern- sttoute the strength of government. I tell yon it's the stitution of any State or Territory. bat ah aaeh SUt« aadWew York City time member* of Congress tahenld see to the binding,cause it is en inheritance from our fathers; for it is nei- ther the ene cor the other. This Union to a compact be- tween the States. The inheritance may be regarded theacquit M c peaceably in the nect ssity that compels them to Bt-pfirate, andfurthcr toprovide, incaseof diHagn-emoRi rn tbe fntore, se»me plan by which the same be speedHvmittee. aad to only awaiting the actkm of the annate. The for ratification, within the course of the next twothat tin y have not complained of anything, and that tbe ewe allegiance to my State, and to that State allegiance people there are not dissatisfied. Be tells us shall be giventhat there are two extremes of people, thosewho live in tbe Extern States and those who Mr. WKFAU. continued his remarks till 3:55 P. M.,live In the gulf States, and that they mis- when, on motion of Mr. Hunter, the Senate proceeded toFugitive Slave tow is susceptible <* amendment to aster- tain move certainly the actual condition of the fugitive.mortemoKS rttou OHM.Mr. C01. (opp.) of Ohio, submitted tbe following:—Where*-. One of tbe chief sad just comphviats on tbe part of tne -laveboldtag States of this confederacy Is the refusal neglect and failure of certain Executives of the Northern States to deliver up fugitives from justice, to- dieted for treason, murder and clave stealing in said slave States, thereforeBesot ved, That the Oommittee of Thirty-three for tha re-eatabliahment of comity between tbe States be re- quired to consider what, if any, farther legislation to Be cessarv to carrv out tbe second ctentc of the second see- ten of the fourth article of the constitution for tho delivery of fugitives from Justice, who shall flee from oae state and»be found in another, on tint demand of tha ex- ecutive authority of the State from which such fugitive shall have fled, and that such inquiry be made with a special view to puatoh all Judges. Attorney Generals, Executives, or other State offieers, who shall impede the execution of said clause In the ooastttostaa, either in re- sp'et to the delivery of felons who may be indicted for treason or murder in attempted stave insurrections, or alio may be indicted for * lave steeling.Mr. Hi TI HISS, (rep.) of Ohio, tatrodooed a resolution instructing thecommittee to report what legislation to ae-convention in favor of a rVinc Railroad. Mr. Scott pre-us and that it will be followed by a new era of fraternaltha various States for propositions relating to tbe presentto mamnderttood. He is s strong seetenloniirt.timest work of human wisdom—the constituted Union of the sovereign States of America.lliewiiendments we tberefore recommend to yon, as tie representative of New York in the Committee of States, art as follow<»>- . A t „nothing that wUi satisfy thorn except proper amendments of the cowtitutuo, and these amendments must be made by the Northern States nnunhnously, or the people or the Southern States will not be satisfied, and I say they ought cot to be.. If amendments to the con- •tftdnon which wouW secute us everything we ask were ratified bv tirn-en slave and ten noaetovehohUngStates,theRepresentative Lamar left to night for Mtoaissippt, to attend the State Convention.The General land Office has issued a patent to the au- thorities of the city of Portland, Oregon, under the townUNION COMMITTEE.WJAHBrenw, Dec. 12, I860.protc. tit u to their accustomed property • which may beenjoyed by Northern immigrants ta regard to their do tbe same, but that New Yoik, Pennsylvania, Ohio, unable to transmit to our children the institutions createdcompel the government to reclaim propcrta .acaptag intoMr. SnrtKXSi/v, (opp.)of Ky., introduced a resolution inatr'ictin;- the commiUee to inquire tote the expedtaacy of ame-ndtag tbe Fugitive Stove tew, by eeetertag it a felt n\ I© resist the federal offh-en. hi tta execattoa, or at tempting to rescue a fugitive ahito iu tbe custody of tho United Stat.* Marshal.IUOIMI«TWIK* FKOM r*MAXA.Mr. Esousn, (opp.i of Ind.. iatrodueed a resotatafla" of hemp, yet you petition the 'glorious Union'- to twn Bm-errments and defiray aU then- expenses, teat no that tbe terrltorv of the United States ahopM be equallyx"otefms of other parties., This iobjeet hat bean toeoatrorertyforthetostteayears.,andbatenlisted-wote tothedateoftheMkwooricompromisewastbefairandof the moat eminent couase! of the countrysacaciuus policy of the Tathers, namely—a- climatic par- tition, by securing to the South tbe right of unmolested immigration into, and settlement in, tbe Territories south of the latitude 30 drg. » mio. during the period ofstitution,wewould*sayatoncehereareamend- stimulate everyseettantothefairand faithful «tfrsaiytogivefulleffecttothatpartoftheroost1tottoa ments to the constitution which are distasteful discharge of all obligations to every other section, which provides that "the citizens of each State shall be en-THE PROCEEDINGS OF TBBHOUSS SPECIAL Territorial minority, with tbe same right to all necessaryto eight of the* oon-stevehaiding States, and which willprobably be disregarded just the same as they disre- and to the whole Union, without reservation and gard tbe present constitution. Suppose that amendment.* without evasion ; that if white living under the shadow to tbe constitution were proposed, and fifteen slave States of the monuments which we have erected to commemo- should ratify them, snd ten aon-slavehokl ing States shoakl rate tho heroic deeds of our fathers, we prove ourseive*titled to all the privileges and immunities of the ctttosas oftbeseveralstates,"andaimwhattogtotottoato aoess- aary to secure to ail the people whether testa tag ta or tra- velling through any State, the full benefit erf that part of w e constitution which secures them against unreaaooabta aearehes and seizures in the absence of probable oaaae.' la the couaac of hto aanukt -¥>. Taylor compteiiwd be removed tf ccrtaa amemimrats f f f f i W *fiexcite the people against us. and I say to those Ind eac" State • * * » *• » •• *°*» twarveriden- u,4Ar«6ti«a» to thr commffUv to Inquire into thethaiOio^l^aa^refu^toaiatapjta^by the Brittoh government for waves taken during .the tost war. aad also that the tareig* polley of that apn«»1 iji^maBjBBa-1 '^^^^-Ive whotied tfvervTte'''' years to choose eae Presidential elector, enUtto(r«P-> « tod., totroflaeed a rmoluttaa farbad social qoaiistas,to the Ji meat had beea sueh nhat Great Brtuto had not Been commresH-eseat—I my yon shall not permit man to go there toit wane alongpel tod to pay for tbe Creole stoves. Mr. Washburn, oftotally in error,to kavcTescaped, there to receive a full snTbrtnging strychntae wtthm the Umita of tha I\J^h*fasah issue and that In the itarleant; yon *hall not gjrim*i we'lllowing:— or -a a forcible it seat, tbe owaar ef shesave (hall be taaemahtod: persons that acting to Whereas, a eeaflfri of opinion dangerous to ths peace be subject to crtotiaal prteeeutioa, aad that * s *••aa* penuaneaee of the- Union has arisen concerning the tee propose .-u. h other saaadmonta m may be jrteat and meaning of the comtMation Ofthe United in retatitTi to the subject of African shivery; thero-Herorved, bv tbe Senate and Honseof BepreecntativmCtwo thirds <t both h e w s eemccrricg). that the followingMr. KoMoa, ofwhich was va tually thaexteatted to the PaeMte(toma, ta tat eooatiuitioa AteO a ohmao letagitlttoa hi agattaa to return fugitive stavessay interfereaee In tha trade of•aa shwprbibftragMr. Iwvi*, ** MhWintlPpt, «njna forT eaaesaae,saaaeypa»<Mr. Ferry, of Connecticut, explained the Personal Li-it, bet cxbatst cotton for one week and all England will tew or regutetit n therein, baduwhargad from •the tewett bidder.berty bins of the North, and said they ware not tat con-flict with the constitution, but intended mainly io pre- itr. Avraxm, (rep.) of B. I., mid let the notes be sold whole houses. We can have a direct trade of two hun- ty to wta m scch service or labor may be doe. The rightmod iiied he could recommend the repeal of tha Per- onal Liberty btlte. Ho said he could not violate his mo-With all its creditors alike.Mr. HtrvntE—Wt hope the government will be able to1'nich. Oor imports will amount to two hundred aad guaranteed to ufl the citizens of the several States ana fifty miUicns,and forty per cent upon that puts into le-rritories. and their right to the pneweslon nad control our treasury one hundred million dollars, twenty percent of tbeir slavesdurtagsnehsojourn and transit shah eat.isJ convictions by inserting s provision In the constitu- pay all its debts. We propose to set aside, the proceeds gives fifty millions. What tariff we will adopt I expect be impt-gncd. No law enacted by ttoagre** for the ran-crtatpftohnl ba'f of the work that has been ordered. Why-.*--raudi' THEMEMBERSOFC0NG1ESSFROMTHEpuhitocredit.Wemutthavepracticalmentodialwithholding,non-elaveholding,agricultural,commercialorwithsnrhethermeasuresoffan*settlementasmayap»*»%wiiw»w^»yi'^#nw, Dec. 13) leeo. TW "fnaw areK-^diags to-day were marked by » „u-damtbera apegcii by Snotti* Wlgtall. Therepub- ^ t [toe over It, at they my tl WW rally theirraoposniotQi n u a MW.IMA.Mr. Ixixx. (opp.) of Va. offered the following:—*» will the other republican Senators, unless the ir «r ereau theuM present a favorable uppu lenity. ^mwr f n n hat a krvcSmrr la preas in reply to tieoe-aad be was confirmed.cf rVeitt.4 who hat b « a elevated by Mr. Buchanan to n p'ac* m bta€wblrjet.UMrrebt subscribers./Mr. r'usEJtra*—I don't desire to have the government'spaper thaved.Mr. CAMW«UJ.-—This gearcrument keeps money very bad-cient iegi.-latitn ,' that no Terrhartol tagtotottaa, orWhen the eight cotton Mau* shall withdraw from th- other TPrritoral auihoriir, shall have amf power L'nien. as they w ill do in the next two mouths, they will or jurisdiction whatever" over such sabjetit; thatmeet in convention, adopt a federal government and es- the i ight - of maste-is or ,i wners to their stoves, white ao-ufStates the necessityof liberality. Theparty aa fit W i t t aa propaaitina of reanaculatioB, aor toeftey indication they wlU do so at areesnt; r*w>Wnt New Tort pmittoiaa declares that the re- havo already declared war against the Sooth M aiirtereace of their chief ta the present strug- md that their will not he a Southern State ta theracy by tbe 1st ef February. *confirmed Man B. Welter aa Mhtiitcr tot the netting nf the Oouimiuee of States—the Chair- H<». fan Oirwla, la the chair, and all thu aaeaa- pr^eat. melndlag Boyce, of Sooth Qtroltoa, exeeptWXAa.rV*«,—-Meters. Authtmy, Blnabt»m, I)".-littie, Dougle.s. Pur- :ing, Simmons, Ten Eyck,of the same; the more adepefete punishment of its infrac- ti<4>,andtieaffording(tfopetcompensatioatotbeowners of tLofct; who arc not returned. Atoo to inquire what fur- ther c<t>*ti!i:t:< i.al cheeks are demanded, by a sense of seli'-pr. sei \utioii nn tho part of stoveholding States, agair.-t tin ..jeiation of the federal government, when about to be {resided over by those who have avowedly come into power on the giound of hostility to Weir tasti- tuttens. end to consider whether the fact dues not ef itself indicate an^utagomsui to the atevebolding interests, so as tenvtke it neceeaary, for its own security, that Us concur- rent voice, i-cpttrately and distinctly given, ahonld b* re- quited to ijancticn each and every operation of the fedellr. Itaxkia moved at the teat session to reduce the price of print ingimd neglected) the binding, tbe most profit- sMc t»r»ach, is only acconnted for by the fast thai the praac.fml b-nd'-r i« bis democratic friend and neighbor, nod was bis /ILi-kin'si own appointee, If thtonot explain thi matter, jit is said other reasons can be fambUida prestical subject.Ur. M.\,.tBH. (rep.) of N. Y.—Ihe State of New York takes caution to preserve her credit as muchae any State. Mr. COIJUMEK—I uuoawtand tbe amendments to be tomalar the power gives/to the Executive to three milPbiSip I'. Thonitts, ex-nt»vemor W Maryland, aadi'• mnitfiioaer nf Patents, was to-day nominated by tbe sawr Trumbull will not address the Senate at pye- PieiMent to tbo Senate tar Sefflrotary of the Treasury,reaiag forces a the North.CutaM, °* Massachusetts. It wHl appear m a few IPhyrc was no nomination fur a «ucceasor to Mr.tablish a foreign detriment, and then I shall advocately. 1notice that iu ihe vote for sustaining the credit of the adoption of that samy constitution that was ratified jourmrg in or in '(110-0.11 throi'ifch, any State or Territorytaf probably produce a sensation.;„X.w York paper* oaaae to baa* thai eveuiag. iaBemeofthetiahibfeBjrJBg down. Thn pasaeagers ^mattery. Ihe eon r e e < ^ of papers orta*.* a great una a Westatagtoa toteBigenor.|n • reported oa good authority that aa mflueattal re- *an oaauaMee from New York will viait Washingibat*;t5 >n tbe latent Offloe seat- la to* the Senate. *hugert. chief clerk, will probably succeed him.Mr.the govtfi'in. nt•the saorssionists and my republican by the old thirteen States. I have no doubt that when ot the luiicd states, shall he guaranteed by proteettan;tou r g e s * * Dm repahtioaa members of theCom-Aatatrv«v».—Wessix. Bayard. Bls'^r, Bright, Brown, Clay, Co•ltianmitir,.«C. hnieKntnut,. t'haaanadnle-r. tliMulm. Hammond, Hemp- bU1Ll,Jveracn,Mallorj,l'egn,Hi<«.Toombs.Tbto to the second Commissioner"Ih< Sinsfe |4MP«| the i.oau bill to-day, with a slight aniendm^nt rtatrkting he powers of the Secretary of the Xi es, ur> whkh will not defeat the hill in the House.friends stand up tor tberame thing.'Ihe bill, h*niiij! been cut down to throe millions, waspassed.The following is the vote on the second amendment byMr. Hunter to the bill, vte:—At the end of the second sec- tion edit the words -and the pr> cec is of tbe sales of the public lands," tin which Mr. Su«o.\», (opp.) of B. I.. tailed for tbe ayes and my*—Virgbiia, Tennetsee, Maryland, Kentucky and the that fugitive stoves shall-be delivered up on demand of other l-order States see what we have done that they tbeir owners or masters, and that all sueh fugitives as will come into onr luion, and then w>t many months u ay be h*t b\ reason ot the legislation of any State, orThe Bon.-<e to-day found itself without a quorum, but ben-re dfneorermg the ftiCt it buried Mr. Eli Thayer and Us Terr iiorial policy so d«ep In the Committee of tbe Wueietntb<-state of thflL'aion,tunlerthe lead ot Mr. Grtiw. tiJit rt will take th^resuriectioa uump of a two- titjrda vote to call him into political life again.will p.'ss away before this beautiful fabiic will-again be the scene of onr discussions, in whkh we will nut only consider these matters pertaining to <>ur domestic affairs, but also in regard to our foreign relations.'ibat the Special Con.mk'Vae be instructed to in- quire into the expediency 'of so amending the Fu- gitive Slate law as best•,to promote the ree-Jir. (IroW* a^rm*nce Pmiay. that ish^nb^ calls up his biiiifor the iirganix.>tion >.f the Territories la- nhall give anopportunitytoanygentlc-tnanwhodesire*!to move to -tr*e ta t the clatts-* relating to slavery, and that tbe re- l»,ll;cac- will then vute for the bills if it U the will of tle-JBonsv that tbev >-(M»11 |»SS in that form, gave greatAll '•%'• other ni'-mbvit \nt'.-cl iur th< amendment.Alter the bill passed,thu retolutkj»d in relV-rencj tose- wi-pun wt re calid np. Mr. Boot iu the chuir^Kitntd t" *h«.w fair play.solveel to do so, unless a Just aad nccs^ary sattefact'ufl to USreasonable claims, and a i^pectful .tud friendly recognition of Its equal rights and the equal sovereign dignity tf its constituent States to the Tnlon.are now frankly and h.n*»4ly conceded to ti by tbe Ntwtb, and 1-flVctaaliy setured to it by constItutioiuistates. \t both strong enough to assert and maintain its asseyt'-i ••!!••> tf. t Mr. Itou Ptott, of t*io, wh.>, for a independence of tbe North, ind now, in fact, fully r«-A tfftfhit-;,i.-v paper, oppOaul to Mr. Lincoln's election, time, ";.- ->rwtary of tegaUon at I'aria onder poorand place where it is to take place. (Laughter iu the advising liody, or council, or what other •tmendmants toHjwfcba—jgaarael Sawyer, of Norfolk, Tirginia, a•ocrat who was OoUacwr of the pert under Piercesuswtratioa, was elected Cterk. A desultory dtoctw- Don ri.it' is to a>ait:t Mrs. Lincoln, in her dutiesself that when the Krlev»nciS were made known heaciilUb ready to Mlress them .•••* (ur anktid in bisptwif. I'ltdir this aUtc of things I wiU..tale to him tee <>f the grievance* under which papers.the t-eittheru .ct;Ucs tbtak that they are suffbring. It la Ur. SKW.UU) replied that he did not say what was pub-tbiit thi.- government has denied that slaves are pro- lished in newspapers. I do remember to have read a let^ Mr. J-c\ko*, (Opp.) of Vs., introdtmed a resolution in pcuy, and upou ihut denial Las rel»«.<d to protect the tgr which I received from some unknown pers<ju of a sit ut ting tbe committee to inquire as*le the expediency owners' cf "lax es iu their tUle whenever they were withm wtborn State, professing to implicate some of amending the Fugitive Slave law. with a view to the the tedrial jurt.-diction. I have Miked Air. Douglas ing I said rn some speech of mine. Bu jircmpt 1 enuition of fugitive slaves, aad nf giving propercompensation to owners of those not return 1; atoo, as to the propriety of providing by constitutional amendment. or Co):.«re»-ional enactment for tbe pmtiatiimof the righta of sh.v > ladders in the common Territories, he. fRitit.«m*mt-notiHKWjsnati.Piepe b-K,>•«•l.m«-»«rtit>Prtvute SecrHary uuilthatMrs. o g«aamt matters of no practtoal business import at the White House. Ibis announcement to madegalleries.) the federal constitutton woild best promote that result, Mr. WpjFjtu said be had seen it reported in the news- and to repot t theree-n.b ' v w d , la which several members participated without the slightest anrhotity. The statement originallyiwtiacj meaaures were proposed. The dtecaation wa made in the HsRjun U true! that Mr?. U-.vardf, a sister provtoi.'»•-• tYc think that there have been reciproc*;n am.xabat natare, taadiaf to aocommodattoo. and abent foar hoars. The oommittee adjooraed to at Srnfi* itfnlnst sa-awwww, w l w tholiaaag pro-a-?of Mrs Lincoln, and a niec« ol the latter, Mary Wallaceabenatifolmi** of eighteen^ wifl aeenmpjauy^il'.Llneoin'nrasnflf n> Washir«toa,-aa4aaetat Mrs. t.tor»*t in '<o>nngthebtmorantthePrcHideiitlt leveei. >fr. Xieuht*. the icevitat.le dtosolution of the Inton, but wcaiaothink present eohfldenttol secretary of Mr. ljuc<Je, will nn-whether he wa> rseparejl togi\eau assurance that ourU|Op<flf w<-u!4 be protected witniu the f.deral Jurtodie-IfaB, 1 > > id not get a direct atowttr rrom him, and 1 sup-ptse that I will not do *o. Il<- mys he willnhowoanswerbybisvole if a hill be iniroducod,whetherhewill aifm'd proUction <>r not. Will the Senator (Mr. I never said anything which could. I hope the. Senator Mr. A wj.v. (rep.) of N. J., submitted resotation*oeTit* reports from Loatotoaa•wbWnUafly in favor ofiere vt nothing from the Booth oatonlatod totxr teawat, amept a ropcrt, received tbroofh ropub-iLat this is no time for recriminations, which little beflt true statesmen and patriots at such a moment os the present. And now, condensing into praeUcui application tbe views generally indicated in -the above expression ofDouglas) interpose by tbe lA-fcisiative, Executive or Judi-eiai detartuient to protect that species of property knowni<« slaves, as well as ovary other specie* of propertyW ill he propose ainendmeais to the cousiitution? Will heve tt in thv- body for amendments to the constitution;' tor te all' I ask I only saw a report of his speech. IncUuatorv of non-intervention as the true remedy; that all State'tows in Conflict with the constitution and tows of Congress ought to be repeated; that t i e Fugitive Move law aud all other tows of the land ought to be resptpted and obeved, and no obstacle thrown in tbe way of thairdonbtedr> act in the aame capacity here. Mr«. Rttwards to a s accomplished Ketttrtekf tody, and h.^ roc.-ntly been visiting St Andover. Massaeansettstwill excuse mc—I hope he will not deem ft necessary to put myself under any obligations to explain anything hereafter. (Applause.)cluanel* that the agitation in Charleston was not Mr. WisffwIIV attack "poo the Widfl Awake or^an.M not only our own sentiments, but what we well know to tion of the North tu the Senate to-day l« regretted, a* it be those of our people, we think that a more practicableWill he plc'gc in good faith to go bark to the people of regard to the incoming administration, it will haveMETROPOLIS AND THE CRISIS.vYAitnxvrox, Dec. 11, I860- To Hex. a>*E8 Hi MiiutfcT :—The undersigned, representatives in Congress from the city and State of New York, deem it our duty to com- municate to yon, at tbe representative of ear State hi the Committee of Thirty-three, to which bos been referred that part of the President's Metsago relating to the con- dition of the Union, our views of what, at tbe present crisis of the Union, is demanded alike by tbe sentiments of oor people, the great interests of our State, and the moral and political necessities of the situation. We think the time baa arrived when an effectual stop ought to be rut to all aggresrlve and irritating agitation AY the slavery question at the North. If there are any points of federal relation to the peculiarly Southern institution of negro slavery which give rise to a conscientious senti- ment at the North of moral responsibility about it, and therefore to a seme of supposed duty to deal with tbepear to (htm Just; and recommending atoo some ptaa ta that event by which in the future. If aay dispute* shall arise, they may be fairly and speedily settled.faults on both sides, in the long sectieuttl ootdiovcne/ which has now culminated to its final isew* and rfs necdl* aary permanent .-oimieo in the now apparently almostI cant tell what I may have said which could be perverted so as ta imply I ever said o tottmaud that the Wide Awakes were being kept orga nhwd, or dtecipltaeOV or uniformed,or aasactoted at all ti securetbefruitsoftheirvictory. ItidaklanamysafelyctmpitmiM- on that subject) would be wisely settled bya return to that which even from a period tang anteriorments of all the State*!-Mr. Asraoarv called for the yeas and nay s on adop ingMr. Hvntcr's amendment.Mr. HAiv. (rep.) of N. IT., said the government wasvarices descriptions of property; and with full right to HlinoiF. Indiana, Iowa and Other border States should re- by the genius and patriotteni of the founders of the re. Mi. SSMBAX, (rep.) of Ohio, talroaaced rasatatlons «hib.u*. The goods will he transported in bend The Houw: fVriteos Committee of Itoty-three held its the people of each Territory to cnaermhse thstr perma- fnse to ratify the amendments, of what practical public, we shall deserve to be remembered and denounced declaring that tbe only true and oabcttwl remedy mr tn*« Savaaaah from Bnrope with goods intended forhvaasah to Itaooa, and there beaded for warahous- the rbtmatioii of their State constitution tar admission the use, thru, of discussing what we would be any citteens of this republic who are willing to barter and the people thereof te ta the faithful observance by theuur ahabag tha exhibitioa, the goads, If reqoJrod, Sawyer, of Virgiaie, was elected clerk. All the mem- iulo the I ii'ou. "T , . . „. satisfied with when nothing has been oflerod to us. the public welfare for their own aggrandisement, and to several Slates and the people thereof of all the comprosecond *esMoa today, Mr. Qorwut in the chair. Mr. nent policy in regard t« slavery and tbe negro race on UM> would tbe amendments bo to as V None. What Is i s a nation of great monuments and little men; that dissensions that now ei.ist between toe several mates^ vithdrswa aad the duties paid, ft n«t. they will bers, inclndmg Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, were pre-2* The teuetMl jurisdiction over local spot* within the What a the use, when we aoa't believe we will be permit- secure a local popularity by exciting jealousy and ani- inteet of the constitution, and of the laws made m purcted to retain even that which wo now have, if the two Senators frtm New York, the ««nators from Massachu settf-, the Senator freim Ohio, the two Senators from Illi- nois, tbe Senator from New aamiwbire, tbe Senators from Maine and others, who are rtgarded ad republican men, deny that under tbe constitution .-lave- are recognised axnuance thereof: that tbe f e c i a l Oommittee of 'Thirty- three be inatrucUd to rauaire whether any taate or ttbe people thereof have failed to e*ey aad enforce the obiI - sTtion imposed by the constitution, sad tf ao tha remedy thereof, and whether any further iegtehUKm is required to secure ^uch enforcement; that to avoid all further eon-tradeshouldbeprohibited. Btilueuts,andurgetheratificationofprop,ramendments, 3 Inasmuch a* the constitution, in its wise distribu- we believe the Gulf States would suspend action; certain- who bad < omptointo to make should state them, and that tion of tbe dlflt-reDt kinds of representations intended ly so if the amendments could be ratifiedand from their usurpation nf the rights of AmericanI n.ted Stat**, the said en.moiiUe* divide tbe saMTtrri- t<>rie-into fftate« of a convenient stae, with a view to tbeir prompt admission into tbe Union on an equal footmlrevs would nsliafy them, in order that it might be seen istivefnd executive power—the f*eoatc, the Honseof jetiKO preaching the "irrepressible conflict;'' that they adverse to the interests of a republican government,whether they were valid, and whether Congress had P.cpres-ntativeH and the lYosideol—has made the first shall declare that slaves are property; that they shall and destrncthe of the rights of our own citi- Mr. BnoiiiAM. (rep.) of Ohto, introduced a reaoluti 1 power to apply (he remedy. He believed tbe people of the representative of Ihe equal State sovereignties; the i lie delivered up when fugitive*; that abolition societies zens: that tbe rights <if • an American c*toen that th<- Special Committee of Thirty-three report to dmMxoud, that of the people in tbeir representative shah be abolished, and abolllfcn presses suppressed; that are above the Congress and the I •resident, and are not de House seen additional legistotion aa they may deem ac-the Nriith were satisfied with the constitution as it >s, local datricie, and the third, that of the wholeand were willing to live up to aad abide by it.Mr. Taylot .ol Louisiana, submitted a schedule of whatthe South would demand, accompanied with detailed rerBorosrrma- mem saatjptstar.Mr. MAUCUIT, (<>pp.) of Ky., introduded a resolutionawrks. and declared that, to bit opinion, if they were aecSou With ibis view the single electoral district sys not acceded to, the Sooth wouMeecosWTT'Tepy are: tamX^heaamtloneflawBie^tal/'^..-J,e_w.r.y,...s„jr.i«ts,consimtasmht^.jl iittaWJattantimeof onie bciig cleared we wffl woottd. I trust ihtSaaata , Bt m mtosioa. That In all territory of tho United Statcawill act upon It. Decency is looked for. , tyirg sooth of thirty six tafrerw.'Ofi'ry-mhtutfs. not isstarve. They will cot burst open bams, but will bam vice ortoo*r, but cha! be delivered op on claim of the parTerriior al laws, aad all »uoh provision* in any State or other •(n. tite.tion. shall benuuaud void.rimrosrBc'S men aa*vuxo\ "=?**>Mr. snaw ART. f« pp.) of Md.. offered the rouowing^1hat an amicable settlement be made, aud an •«t«ita- Mr- CAMI i:o.\, I n p.) «f Pa., quoted the stocks from the| earnest. I would save tbe. Union if J could. bleadjt.-tm.-iit of nil matt-M b\-irv<-ca the States aepapledged to redeem these notes. , \ _ go to the wall. I knew yon don't regard us as inmarket was entirely regulated by monled men. We of hivihe origin; not that blood was shed for it; not be- lived so loi.g together in the bonds of federal Cnkm, toshould not be compelled to sell the securities for what wecan get for them, especially ut tbe present 'time. Some-thing must be done to give a feeling of security to thesenotes. Put out the notes, and in two years there will be treaty with Great Britain and France. It to a treaty In - and livaliy adjosted, that the Special C*»mmBtee inquire, a difficulty to get money fur them. Money wc must have tween tbe States for a common defence of do- among other things, if any measure can be adopted to by the 1st of January to preserve the creditor the mestic tranquillity. Trwy agreed to the organization preserve in their purity the constitutional rights of aU government. Wc may pledge the public lands speciOcally of a certain government. They made a wise distri- the States within the Union: and further to inquire as to for it. I look noon this the same as if an individual l.uti. n of the government. They vested te the State the mint reasonable and just mode by which their rights wishes to borrow money and pledgee his property there govcirments powers necessary to protect the liberty may be maintained In a niale of separation, each sove- ftr. 9 am in favor uf reducing the denomination if do- and well being of the citizens. All the States that are reign State belrg repesexssed of iu delegated authority sirabte. We have money to raise in order to preserve republican, democratic, monarchical, aristocratic, stove- to the federal Coion, and adjusting the liabilities of each,manufacturing, can all live under tbe constitution aswhen tlit- old thirteen Statt s ratified and made it bindingbetween them. By tbe late election it would seem as ifthe people of the North thought themselves responsiblefor the domestic institutions of all the States. They tellus a stiite has not the right to call out an army aad navy That the constitutiop ought to be amadidsn aa to pro- or negotiate with a foreign power when she to coerced byMr. tv.i-i AMU;—I think the limitation of that bid is we feci that we are a nation inheriting rights?Ihe pc pie amongst v.h.-ni 1 live have passed that Columbus or over the trade of staves in or between them,three millions. Lust January ten millions were sold. I point. 1 am a devoted friend of the t'nicn, but 1 except tig berefnufter providod: that where domestic, think, tor one year. Ihe great body of these notes re- knew that it must be dissolved, becauaal can see no dis- ttlavery may exist in any Twritoiy or district, it shad he main out now. The netae arc issued at different dates to r« sit ion to save it among those who alone can io it. tho duty cf Ccngrc*s to protect -it by adequate aad effi-l ars * ,\«r*l Ft^jtTOBf—"JBoW ' no."vide—I.OM, that Congress shall have no power or juris other States. Do you supppse we can be amused diction on the subject of domestic slavery, either in the with clap trap and Fourth of July orators when States, the Territories of the United States, or Dfctrtct ef(»»«;<>—It b> the intention to borrow money and give t b so notes a*> scearityVthe et: 01 its constitutional authorities, shall be paid for by such str>te.Mr. SMITH, (opp.) of Ya.. submitted tbe following:—Mr. WrovAixhere i«ad extracts from the constitution dition of fugitive slay/* under the operationand laws of South Carolina prev lout to the inauguration of the first Pr. sident of tbe United States.for a m>>ciucatk>n of we wrongs, or the imaginary country in which I live with fire and -word. the waking a nutjorily of Senators from both tbe stave- nrctg*. that the Soulhcia .Mates were suffering, or sup- holding and non-elaveholding states neoeamry to alljescd to besujiering. 1 understood him to pledge him- Mr. SXWARDarose and said—I want to know the gre>und action en tin part of that body, or the Croatjoa el saolhsrsubject according to theories at variance with tbo senti-ments and convictions of the South in regard to it, wothink that those poiata ought to be disposed of by con-clusiveconstituttonalsettlement.t=o«s torelieveuncusyconeciences at the North of that feeling of responsibility.and of consequent supposed right and duty. We thinkthat the South cannot bo expected to remain, and that itwill not remain, associated in coniVtlcrutiou with a fixedanti-slaverymajority domination fromtheNorth,aswethink that in reversed circumstances onr people wouldnot so remain in a relaticn of conquered nubinission to apower manifestly L. stile and menacing to their vitalcon0rh>ace to the Southern nirmlKTS that (he republics!* institutions and fundamental rights. We think that the I. in tn Say that he vvat pr»-jered to make any oiiort imSouth, or e\eu the wore southern >eutk of the cotton bis power to i.<crmj»lish that desirable end. Ho askew ed, and the purpose of their organization te to sweep the tive, ot the division U the Senate into two bodies, orke*e,, ¥o> te, Grime.-,. Haltaa, TC! TlTrabnit, Wtide M.d WilkbiSviD.Mr. WtoFAtr then continued:—The Immediate cause of secession b the election to the Presidency of a black re- publican. The people of the North mud know that tbo present state oftarffaii.- lau> been brought about by means of the Helper book, b> the teachings of the Senator from New Yoik (Mr. Sewardl by the preachings of the pre- tended followt rs of Cb; i. t, and byfc-iiCliingin your schools even the f hHdrentohate u s . The Senator frumNew York had tohfhis Wide Awake pnetoriuns that their service* could not be dispensed w ith after tho elect ion, lmt that they would be needed to secure tbe fruits of victory. 1 hey are a hall a million of men ta uniform, well drill-nu.ni oi it*. w;i.r.aio.>TIIK.STATUOKTUBout.Ynrv. Mr. Wun-Aii., i'npp) of TVxas, tone to sjieak. He kaid:—piuing the talkhwrc y<st«rday, the- Senator from Illinois dir. I'oi'jitas'i indulged in some patriotic ptoti- tl.l'.lL3- <en Ihe subject of mving the I'nion. I understoodMr. WieiFAn continued, and said the denial of tbe Sena-axeciiiion; that the constitution te the result of 1illinois »bd urge before ibsni the ratification of amend- one-half tho Senate, the Cabinet au<j the diplo tion and compromtee. and can only be preserved by thorived from cither, and should l>e SHcred everywhere onAmerican soil , and that as all governments deri re tbe irjust power from the consent of the governed, Terriwrvugoyernmentfc should not be compelled to derive tneir;o»-fair consideration. (Boai* of laughter from the galle- powers from tbe consent of Congress or the wmjarm*ries, aad -'ahems. ) He continued, and said the Pntahtent; that the public lands outside of tbeSttte eonstititt'onaliy establtehtag a Ime simitar to the Missouri Senators may laugh in their faces. .Renewed laugh- Umita should be open to sate and eetttoment « dagTcw ce-mpremtee line: providing for the admtostos) of States,FiHtt A change m owr foretign"^porlCH which would be adopted, with two ajrotoraat large for eatJUaaM, as ter tr<m the whole bouse.) My frVnd from suitable tasiw and form te make States, and taarwnen- and prohibiting the lnterfsreuceof Cbagrese with slavery.ITnrc-'ent. prw-tolon bclngmaO* for a aeooud electioni be- Kentuckv, and other Unaou saving friends, mayfwion the two highest mntftuitrif, in the event of no can look and sec tbe derision when I make this proposition, suitable ic. .n tain«lid«e S J " g reoTived the reewtorta majority on the Srst maxim which says, • IAWU even from your enemies some equal to the ratio of representation^rr- --V°^**Although not direclly connected with tne contro- vJavwitatT haVresuhed tn the" prreont crtofc», we thinkwtadem." What will you tall when I tell you, a* I havetold people whom I represented long,-tang ago,,"You willnot be permitted to keep thai which you have now.''You are regarded ae paltrooos; and they talk of coercion,of holding the "glorious Inioe." as they call it, with should be rebutted to them, amtttey,shoate iinpaastjhalrof"«of reciprocal ; ^ r w o t » e f l o n « . of the countrywouMit this time Senator -. art of the Senate.t.*k the chair of the ., . .wLenever a * i ve bat been rewied the owner shell bsal kw.fi 1 i-e doci.le- tal'-Ht.-t tbe stove,recoverable to. theMirritation betwOeatho^erefions of the countty wOmToS^SM%c noCcaigreasional legislattan whatanorSsvE'staicct of slavery; that every CMigres«tanal •VfcHtaU. continued without interruption—Stop ldkWiotshe»dd*lso b* an < Itetoral datrict.andbeemiesjattog hgelattoain reatrdta t tNt%Vf2#. wU t u f pBaTl 01 x**H federal law otight to provide that an may not admit the right ofJWs ^ctol_year borders namtaf presses, public speakersV L .of that atuntowful^me the Btate or thtcounty pamihtota to exalte thaitomt), toisajiill is, yea to the claimant for h* lull value. Of not publish eewspaii t t ole die now stoveholsVj against them***** y to g'\ e eattefartKa, wtthoat *aereytoi!«ae righ'He will have peace, and h*voa doa't offerSs leury ol flat- law. or impairing the conewtrntoaai 104 >».> tilt**** irf tho United States, rM^ntin„ A* Mr. He.;a«!». lopp) of tod., introduced a resotation, ae,or*wlthdrIw r^m the Union sad eetaUab a sTM««E»»Tfwooiaahrta. IffM then persist m •t» <*»j« " £ ? article Oeproposed s« an wnenf'ment u>the consttttakm,ci*ugtrn-riffb«^'s^e*ion -b^ry »«warrmiteaji^ta» tatf r aad s„.ru o, tbe ceaKt.tutK*; that ^ < * ^ . TM " - m.« *b!i»v,ti.ns reader It «ntigt*nry ea the ***** g»»lamentSraor.trr* ta t^J^'^^J^L^SlS^ F.^W to .Is authority: *W metraettaf tb*> ceromltteesovcrelgaStattSWittaetttatho oeesttaa; aad whea yea laugh at these impotent eftarta, as you regard them, I teli yemthat oottea to king. {>ai*aertathea»Bariea.)^ I t a x ^ n a a T sata-The gargeaatal Arms oatrtaarUntitled Documentthegalteiytfjtoccnrsagate. _ amU Mfwl ich. v»V» ratiBtd by conventions in thrv.>foarthq of trti «ct«-al states, shall be vabd as part of mid conatttu tion- *%:— . m_^- . MrT Hits, (rep.) of N. H., aahl Mr. Prenideat; thatICUNnNUED OK aJBMTH JrAlsf. ]Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comPruMmt lht. . Iw.'.e of anv e*f ibie <*. >tsng S»aUs, ttavcry aa4 js>U netIRSSXnoter ^ ^ J ^ ^ ° ^ , £ ^*Mr £nte • »dfcfcry « so emeadtog the PugMive Slave tow as to,f- sr-a »£MarslSoftae district from t excite our citterns by maktag John Brown speeches Mr. Joe* CUBTASK, (opp) of N. Y., sahmitted the fol- boding State arFtot hi the escape mT a fugitivetkl steehtra on general ticket. aa* raoNsrtmt moa saw% de the right of a trial by a jury wbareaaaB claims te be free, whea citittaens efta aa terrb'rr«f the Uc.ted .^tates lying north oftptrir-«*x ttrft^t trfrtvmonies,nh^ rM aclndad withm to !• <i" r»- whether sry artiea i- nec*mar> . m view oft^ta,Uah%reo»lvad tote tbTTn'tan, with or wtthoatOorgretra sbah pais no newwith tha trade in stoves ' between tho stave hoM.ig states and Terrttories. Tbe migration or iniportatica ef stoves wMhta the rtaKed States, or anvral govei ninentj and to consider whether a duel Execu-cessary to .-npprei" and put down armed rebellion against the laws and authority of tile United States; to protect 1be pruprty thereof against unlawful sehjore. and tho ritiieuit thereof against unlawful vtetenee.  