 *ya***a»afromnsociety,,^^ ed co»pfe^|yItivated mind, * dux-ipKo© o£ as-pAHeiooatelr uiijchter of afcy' n, bat, xtnforta- 3a'.geroo*fiefd. erhusband,she Uke,,-bet large 3dingtoxt'« year, pas?;»nd"dtaubt--„venfcured on* of aitbehorseTi&d- kebeing unable Id. LordLoYe-wiirtieamount, Lovelacenever ,g this exposuretjonnnedVtoAda Perhaps the cit*taent -in I£o-bc>ladiesleape* ted each morning igrr passion with ^d;aefarotableat Ming booth eotoe oreaoacrupoloualost, many alsoijt the prestjni ore of the raM a:,d of the Le'ly :p. and charmingwiiK-boet*er,andwillprvhubJym-ovtr.^DuriotftheAMATEURCONCERT.—AConcertisto^begiventhis'language candescribe theagony #f theson.kwi-hberpro- njurytoiierjselforchild.(tfrhing pn $he iron cylinders which form its support, and altbrding complete accommodation for the wants ofnavigation;Kandsoarrangedas.toopposetheleastof a n Amasoa hcrliery steeds onder andadmi- tbe mils. Of hex •wentshenever,^hr,airy.cartjiaie, ea,r>side,betweenThere is a general expression of thanksgiving upon possible delay ttf the passage of vessels. A c.iirriage- fehe lips of almost every one, that no more Uvea wore way of 28 feet iiiiwidtn in the clear, amply sufficient lost. Families, whose dwellings were swept from for the large navel and transit seeking a thoroughfare,ueir fouj-dations, and whose «Jl wasdestroyed, seem ai>d affording room for a railroad track if desired, trav- rutelnl tbat-their lives are wpared. erses the bridge, and on each side a loot-path of eight 1heardthatMr.Bnrronghseouldlivebata short f«ct.inwidthisprovidedfortheconvenienceofpedes-the,Committee, will receive whatever maybestill contributed and 9.348 leads of ashes—or a total of 16,249 loads of in money or in stores. Contributions .in kind will be- very ac:all sorts of rubbish were removed—all at anexpense of§5,233 551 ($£53 le88 than the previous week, when18,155 loads of dirt were remove")- The sweepersweropaid$1,713,thodivtaudmanurecartmeu juiceandpickles,malt,biscuit,tobacco,gunpowder,shot,caps,lend and guns, whale oil, flannel blankets, buffalo robes, fur, andcoaL., 9he crew will.consi«t- of fifteen men: they must be pro- $1,331 95^-. and the aeh cartmen $2,188 00. o- a total vieipned for three yours. If the owners of establishments wh«remontl.n since he abandoned his family entirely, leaving the woman an involid and unnToyi-pct] for. She VSTU formerly acpmeinuntilIborrowedthisoneofaneighbor." Shebringsa ceftificete from the Secretary of the Association for Improving the Condition of the T*oor, and I doubt not she i* a worthy woman. She desires to start s small shop, or take a f^vr board- erf}? She is not able to earn a living with her noodle, making pants at 20 cents a pair- W e would aid ber, but tke funds of th* House will not permit. If tho charitable are disposed to help her, w e will cheerfully receive and apply their contributions.,iug lidcartsam would u rm, Herlate terd, used to looH on kAt one time^jhe nnder tne ad'aoecould" not find it in m y heart to say so. llis wife semed unwilling to believe i.'s terrible truth, and uoHilt•dp-r-It was Much bympatby is maniferted on tbe part of the inhabitantsin the same gallery. .'.?"''"of $5,2V2, to say nothing of the salaries oft a horde of officials in the service of the City Inspector. When arc w e to have a fair, legitimate contract-for cleaningeither of these articlcB are manufactured or sold, will send con- tributions of such stores they will do an important service to thia noble a n d national undertaking. ' jmBoard for law expenses.fairy-likeReferred to Committee "on Annual Taxes..The Controlh r whs requested to report to the Board the amonnt appropriated to the Metropolitan Police C< mmissionei s since the organization of the Policean 1 fashion n£tde :et ping ahe u^-ed,ATr. Jupiter Zues Hesser desires to state that he never had anything to do with speech making on Tompkimi parties who have been lined by that ofHce^since the Italian chief. Speed the good, work! The.-New- abode-,and many have since been compelled to wander >qnnre, and his s«le connection with the brend riots of some winters agowasto send a petition to the Mayorand Commong&ie some fe-V oi S .igo. Mr.. L^wia «i '"luedthe Pr^ice- m>v of three Misa onwiththemtSthd e nf which mf ney •Jftisd Nof,tidge?wa3 ed lately nrjde* disyGapt. A. Degroot, intended, for harbor serviceof tr.e deeeaseawill continue daily during the week. -.On Monday,Jjerecoveryofthe casi:will,wenn- . next term.' Mr. cep a zealous advo- nwaso«eofthose1aiBridgewaterto> n lhat Mr. Prince ;.-.i^mer. AboutlT.<*\ having been'or thereabouts, gotj aid lelt the lovmg jhislatiywithhim. stle House. Eomore^ a.»MIS^befen staying ing the Apipemone^p,in-uTv the release ciJaAipof his afore- »t:«mive been the. jiij* end; but theyApplication w a a >.-. Price by force, ; i--.tsK>n to believe rwill. Ofcourse,?rnde themselves.v;:v oneof it*» roeov-:.-0d. It was ar*king on the terrace,rinceites. Mr. Priceb<. grouods fr>>m a::::::K to prevent a- n*.-u of theiAgape- je-. Tiris 'scheme, >• difficuJi of exeeot^ !.i. ;.Uy w;titedfora icourage, but when-; the tirdens_and Ka Princciteon either uly witti othersati H'lconaidt:-himselfC•n.-mnnicationwasreceivedfromtheStateTreasurer: STATUOFNKW-YORK,TKUASCRKU'SOFFICK,) ALBANY, June 2, 1800. JJvhn G. Berrien, esq.. Treasurer of Poli/;r, New York :thesumof$500,theproprietoroftheHalltokeepit- cleanandinorder. .TheCourtwillneetinTammany1,343 1,233 615 6,890' 130 29 13 840 18 19 9 7T. merly residents of the Eighth Ward, from which they, Prescriptions dispensed..3,474 2,720 5,004 4,420 2,601 23,22'4r,and tru*t to tbe rto be filltd in. This implied pissing of t'ae title to land is, I think, qnite n e w with you, a n d this sanitary regulation o r authority becomes, by your construction, H n.ighty patent, transferring large amounts (and what amounts iest only in the city's discretion) of real es-the County of Richmond: andWheretu, moreover, the moneys collected through tho Com- •for sale by the said imcitts except tit the offices dttsignatr>d fortholicemt-n to l.-'c stationed at the place in'question; to ar-rest such parties ns may be found in the act of pluador-ing the . emigrant Silos B. Dutchor, the newly-appointed Supervisor taking the place of John. A^Kennedy, was.sworn ioto office yesterday before theWilling, the Hector, made, interesting addresses upon the occasion.HEK.VAN A-NB-SAVERS COMING TO THIS COUNTRY.— Among the first fruits of the settlement of the dispute aboutthe bolt, is the laying out of two campaigns by.France Itemt, &lit'lc girl. tenyear»old,, *r*& orachQuackenbush.THROUGHTOLONGBR-VNCHL—Thoao.of'ouroftizens uponthe-floor. Theboysran-outoftheshopforhelp,-.,ARjeALLTHE SUNDAY LAWSTCT«E"BNF0ROEa>tninjured,andehewasthong:-ttobedyingv Outisno-vterrible scene most of the inhabit mts tnanifesied g-eatwho are accustomedto spend the hotseason at the sea- and called OfTaers Wu>en< and McKay, who removed Ti Ou Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.when timbersand"therot*ofabudding,p.s-edoverhis-head; Aboar*knocked hiu>down,andbecrept m der the sidewalk: Timr^as nil[that savedbim,-forin'a moment1more the full force of the totrnadopawedoverwherohelay,andbesawtwodwelling-terday of these Sundoy ercnri-Sons, snd the needful relief andT irwjfNew-York*ra'* ,.yob have sometimes xpoken' In favor of the'aSms and objeota vt the " New-York Sabbath Committee," as I belWD 'it h called, ond(herecenteffort*toroviveandenforcetheoldandnewBnn~slips, but that the city might fillnp into tbe river,-solid ground, to any extent, lor uses other than for-£iers and slipsy and then claim title. Snch a construciion, it seems tome, hardly requires an au»wer. '*''Yours, very respectfully, .I P . DORSHEIMER, Treasurer.AN O L D L A W FOR THE ANNIHILATION OF THE TICKET SWINTOLEBS.—Capt. Hartt of the City Hall Police has made the discovery, in turning over the voluminous enactments of the Legislature, of an old law upon ticket swindling which is threefold more d e - cisive and calculated to meet the wants of the people who ara ceaselessly being swindled and fooled by the delayofjustice,,than is.that adopted by the LegislatureA-caJlemy^ofMusic... .Onaud after ThursdHy.next the up in another. steamers! of t h e Stonington line will leaye-the foot ofphctjisisj scarlet fever, and small-pox.I•}'•'• ,— •[• IMiNOii POLICE ITEMS.—On Monday evening M rs. G.JyV'igKlns of Harlem w a s passing through Fourth street, a n d iwlie.nnearJMacdou^alstreetshewasrunagainstby twothieves, one of whom tmatchea from iter hand a portmonnale' contiiuinjr,*20. Therogues lh-d, but Officer Crawback, of tho Fifteenth "Ward, pursued and arrested one of them named Henry 6o|{art. Heisaflepetitobetheouewhosnatchedthepurse, butitwia .not, found In bin posc^cKi-jn, he probably having passed it to bia cobfed-rate. Justice..Quackenbush committed tne accused for-'-flf*^* HW^f*# f».HEW-TORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 186'•.«i'*A*J»r-.v,^,ri>j«*.,r ,-.'piestnee -of mind. Families fled to their ceT&riA.- jreetingyesterdayinoneoftheroomsof theCourtofshore,andhavel»endeterredfromvotingL>ng thesaicidisttotheHospitsil.•V;|SIR: lamoneof those"pale-faeed people'"who, '..'- tuijyotinayinyesterday'*'pHinvxi'.,pouredonf-OftbVcity,in thecurliandexcursionstcarner»,iuto'tlvs*beautifulcountry,lastthegrtm&dfsbmecreptunder thesidewtdfca; thoseMr. P A VIS referred to the acceptance b y Mr. Ken- several amateurs. Some professional persons are toBranchaid..theadjacentsSumroerresortsbythediffi-cultyof.journeyingto"audfromtliesameinany TllKExfEOITIONTOTHENORTHPOLETOSAILIN. Rnnday,andreturnedatnltfbttbtmkfrtland"rofreahed mtler reasoiablespaceoftime,willheinterestedinlearning TwoWKEKS^—Mnchinteresthas'b«*nexcitedinthia 'iheirbJicfbreathingspellintheconntr-y.','whocouldfledtotbefields,andthre«vthem-tdw*on nedyoftheGenera!Snpcrintcndency.of"thePolice, t:kepartintheexercises,butthepresenceofseveraltbecrouiid.1 Thereweremanynarroweacap-sfrom imdpresentedMr.Kennedy'sresignationofhisposition ladiesamongtheperformers,whohaveneverbeforedeath. Menrantheirborseaand teamsvoescape it intheBoardofSupervisors.appearedinpublic,i&thepointofinterest.cilvbythoprojectofanotherexpeditiontotheArctic jjlcanviaitthegre«nfteldH,and"lookfrom Natnre optoKa-thatthesepointsai-cnowplacedwit;hinatwo-hoam.' tnrc'sGod."onnootherdayofthoweek,anditiiagroatboon, regionp. Dr. Hayes, tbe companion of the lamented'tiip from New-Yorli by the new Rati'an and Delaware Kane in the Gritinell expedition, volunteered to'lead i to.me and m y little family, us it is to ten thousand, other*, t'latOneteamwasheavilv loaded with ^rain, "ud t>v!J Kbags of meal were tafien up, and have not been ncara frumpinee.Mr."Win.E.Hunt,whenbeheardtbetornadocoming,closed the door of his store, and started for^isbouwtoprotert bis familv.* He Lad got bat.a few rods, tbe [m.l.t.l and -vigilant; dischatgo of ruy new. duty; you willhouseswithintwoortbreerodsothimeachway, antdays; •swept from their foundation* and earned down the '"Believe m© I *hall ever retain tho sontiments of regard withupon300,000. Inthiscaseit'wouldappear,thatthe eachofthesewatering-places,aodwillbecompleted- very'lowe8tsumthatcouldpossiblysuffice,audoftbis daylaws;andinyourpaperofyesterday,yousay;"The,Po-hill. The famil* in one.of them h«d jo«t time to run which 1 bubscrlbe myholfto Long Branchon or before the 13tb lost. Merchants uiday night, when the Arctic Committcei of thethoSundaylaw,byprosecutingallpcrnons whokeeptheirstore« openonSundayafter9o'clocka.m." tNowIamgladtoseegreatereffort madetorestrain viceand crime (andthat drunkcnncHH whichalwaysleadatoit)onthooutihebackdooranddownthebank/throwinghem- seUesontheground,when tbeir bonsepa^s«dovertheirheads. • •• • ., . •/ TheJSev.W.W.-Aorton,whoresidesinthewestI "JOHN A, KENNEDY." Mr.CONNORmovedthattheresignationbeaccepted, whichwasdone,andkepresentedaseriesofhighlyconplinent-Tvresolutions. Theresolutionswereseconded,shortlybatsweetly,cannoWtake nptheirresidencesateitherofthese resprts,andstillspendfiveorsixhoursdailyiuthe city,returningintheevening:totheirfamilies. Itis anticipatedthatthisroadwillconneofcwiththatrun- ning"fromCamdentoAtlanticCity,in-.oppositiontoGeographical Society met and resolved!to as-sumethebalancethemselves,sothattbeExpeditionbyMessrs.PORDYandBLUNT,andwerepassx»dunani- xuore, h*igmg down from the heavens in the shuj>e of n.< nfriv. .' . ' -atany.rateshould go. Thusthequestionit*settled.ThesubscriptionswiUbe-immediatelycaJledin,and- firstdayoftbeweek;but'when morothanthisUattempted,I Dr.Hayc*will sailfrom, tHs portin about two obji.'Ct,andaskwherethematteristoatop. Idonotwishtopartoft-''«^Wa<?e,s-twthetor;>adoforten.minutesorJpadocoming,andranintotbehouseofMr.D.Bailey. stonepiers,andadraw supportedontencast-ironcyl- Kirs. Bailey burred ti'em and her children dowu cell>ir, inders arranged iu a circle. Iron trusses will stretch*3nd was aooat^oing down herself with her youngest from the abutments and from pier to pier, presenting jbildinherarms,whenthetornado s'ruvktbehouse, threearchesandtwodrawspans eachofSOfeet,sur-Bweptitfxom its foandaiioo, and earned ir 8<»a»e sev- mounted by a 'cornice and balustrade. The draw will enty feet or more. The cellar wao left bare, and the he formed of tubular gircerk of 218 feet in length,of effecting some earlier w a y of cortung to a conclusion tian bytheordinarycoursethecasewouldtake before the Supreme Court, and they have cometo the conclu- sion, by mutual agreement, to int.ru>t the making up of a case for that Court to the Counsel for the Con-: troller, Wm. M . Evarts, esq. Only a short delay will therefore .occur, as Mr. Evarts will be ready in a dayor two.PAGE'S INSTITUTE.—The Venus by Page, which has been oh exhibition for a week or iwo past at Stuy- vesant Institute, has been removed to the commodiousente prise,andthecompletion;ofwhichwasmade a conditionXaunnotequivalenttomulctinghimintheamountofonesixthOf, hill income arising from daily labor ?rhifdren unharmed. Mrs. Builey was soou aff<;r recor- td by her husband from the rubbisu, without seriouswoman withOn motion of Commissioner Bergen: . • lif'oivrd, That honorable mention be made on the records of the ftepaitment of the vigilance and firm conduct of Inspector Youridea, therefore, that thelawof1803,wasan Eolk,indispersingtheunlawfulassemblageinKingsandQueensA PrtRCocious RuEKrAN.—-A little boy aged 4 years, Ths new Staten Island Perry Company have chosen, named Junker, while playing with a little girl aged 3.-act of legislation, impliedly assenting to tho existence, and authorizing the amendment of piers andslips, out- eide of the city's grant, is entirely unfounded.Counties on the 3d iust, and arresting theleaders thereof.On motion of Commissioner Bowen:hesoivrd, That the Superintendent be directed to issue anthe following officers: W m . C . Pendleton, of N e w - Brighton. President; Charles' E. Racey of. Port Rich- mond,'Vice-President; Col. Nathan Barrett.••of Fa>-to-years, named I d a .Sohneider, both living a t N o . 10Thompson street, fiercely attacked her, and inflicted sosevore.au injury upon her head; that she is not expectedto live. The little boy is said to. have ex'iibiied a cxnnmatbm..,:Four lads named Albert Ashley, Jr«eph Linn,order to the hroadv.ay squad, requiring that persons arresiod by As to the second point, your proposition is that, if the members thereof shall be conveyed before a Magistrate, or to Hie Stale au'borized the filling in of sunken lotsor the nearest Station-Honxe, and that he cause notice of .such ordertobeservedontheCaptainsOfthe 1st,2d,3d,5th,lith,•!at its last session. What is stilt more remarkable (the ryville. Treasurer; at.d Orville D. Jewell of Castle-slip*be\ondthecitysgrant(asitdidnot),tbelandso •filled in became thereby, without other action, the property of the city, and the title became therebyton, Secretary. The. steamboat Flora, has. aboutO Fin yout: judgment, tbetitle passed youdo notsay. 1 on Monday, thefollowing resolutions were offered byimnfcferred from the Slate to the city. Precisely icken, suppose.yourideaisthateachload,asitwasdumped,EMIGRA TION.worked a' tramfer from State to city of the title to aWilsonG.>flunt,esq.,andadopted: Whereas, T h e Legislature of this State,its-lastsession,gagechecksstolenbypickpockets,whohacfbeeniu the habit of stationing themselves at one of tlie gates of the inclusme and robbing the, unwary foreignersa t corre&jonding amount of land on *which, it rested. omitted to make the necessary appropriation for Quarantine, Tho wsme argument appJieK to suukeu lots, and sinks, thereby leaving the Quarantine plheers without the usual moan? Ac, authorized by the same section of thesame law to enable them to provide aaainst the introduction of yellow fo- yer. ui:d other pestilential diseases, and especially subjecting to expot-ure and danger the Cities of New-York, and Brooklyn, andcomingout. -Supermiewlont.Kennedy has accordingly sentation was richly decoraled with choice Hewers.- Commencedtheduties of his position byorderingpo- Mr. Clarkson, the Superintendent, andtheRev.Mr.the sick and disabled among them for the period.of five years tate from the State to tne city. The Su^rime Court from theirarrival: andThe secor.d sectiou^makes another important andaccessary provision which has been entirely overlookedin the more recent enactments:<fa. Th|e peralty, is decreed to be %4ne of not less than$100, or imprisonment- for not less than.three months. v*Tim RIGHT MAN IN TIIK RIBJIT' PLACE. ["Wj| should like to .see 'the phrenological developments of all jthij;leading ''?candidates"-.placed in ''juxta-posution," and thedid not agree wi'h you, when.it Baid, 4* fhe Corpora- *' tion inn have no »uch right, inasmuch as the land on " which the pier is ereetcU.was ueyergraiued to them,U Jit-retjy.. the application of that fund to any purpose whatever not humetii--tely connected with such support and maintenance, Would be diverting it from its legitimate purposes, aad good faith, o3 the jiart of the Commissioners and of the Su.ce requires thatMayor. John' Russell was also sworninto office asInspector of Contract. Work under tbe Croton Com- tbe Champions, from which they "will, no doubt, reap jlinjjts dr:iwn between them. \V e suppose Prof. FOWMSK,*' nor was iho soil under the waur where the Vessel such fund,should be sacredly devoted to the objjrcts for which it" WHien any pcrsm or persons shall'bo complained of and ar-rested for violating the provisions of the first section offchis act,it shall b e t h e thtty of t h e matristrate before whom such, com-plaint is made, to tf>ke and reduce to writing, in the pr-eswnoo °f missibners Tlie Bo».rd of Health held another the co.rbplninnilis, ,}3(. evidences of a n y witnesses'[which ihny b eoll'ered, eitbet; on behalf of- the prisccut'on or the party accused,and the depositions shall-be reapedivelv subscribed by thewitnesses Certified'; and when s^ tak'm arid certified', the-saiddepositions shall he tiled in the oilico of the Clerk of the Countyiit*ivhic!i the same ahull bo fctkon; aud upon the trial of-auy 'jers<n charged with the offense mentioned in the previous aet,the testimony will- be read bv either-party, with a like effect, asif the witnesses were, sworn in open A'ttrt upon the tri-d. pro-viding th© witnesses were ut >lte tiuu. f>. the complaint emigra-ting Ironi their .prerent place of abod«4o'another,";i golden harvest. After a tour of eight weeks, in En- Nft 308 Broadway, could indicate, at a glance, who. would, and gland and Ireland, in the course of which they will jwho would not, filTthe chair at the " "White I^ottso," with"lay,forwhichtinswharfagewaspaid. W)* i/aphed 4t grant is cmitartud in the art of thr, Legislature."iscollected;endWhereat, Moreover the law of the session of 1859 providing:for the.removal of the Quarantine station by the Commissionersgin the bli^dul edi-;-of the husband, the £ n nee, you perceive. Beside, when you build to .theturn to-day. She left her-pier foot of Amos street, at 7 Delegates at Large—Hon. Gideon J. Tucker and Dr. Charles -Tri^bly correct* the ill effect? of chauge ot wmther, wid H«&b«r»-order for tbe restor-Further proceed-that therei»aqaesrresides a question 01light; and when you get your house finished—its baseon tbe earth, and l(S piuna'#ie resting on the moon—-Itwdlnotstay so.fortheearth is suspected of turningjopndoccasionally,andthemoonhe-selfisnotknown Attorney-Geuer«]toconsenttoamortgageonthesaid premiseso'clock a. in., and started in fine style.-- ..Col W m R . Hallct of Mobile died at his Summer residence in this city yesterday morning. H e arrived from the Smth. on the Cahtiwba on. Sunday afternoon, in extreme ill health, having been an'invalid for several years. Col. Eallet was for neatly thirty years tho Prcsi- ident'of the Bank of Mobile, and was known as a successful,. merchant'- and banker On Fri- day.. June 1, a flush of lightning struck a silverEdward. Stuart.BinsATTHECKOTONOKPICE.—Two bids werere-orBJjp It in tb.o purest Honor mado in tbo world.put up in phut and quart bottles. Sold by all Druggists, 0r»«ccxs and Fruit Stores.-om'fromtheen- ;hu"MAOK'IKA, SHF.KKV, i t u r : ' "POUT.WIVR"Foil fttKniCAr. L ' S R " <•Families who use Wine« should eiv^ tho pr*«ierene^ to tJw•'r..H£6,000, as well wnednimselfVrx*,rto be entirely stationary; and ynar hou.-e. would tum-ble, sothatyoucouldcommenceitoveragain. Notsoin cocking iiito the river. The land you make overat Seginne's Point, to secure whatever loan can be obtained thereon, such loan to be applied to the1 support, through or by the Quarantine Commissioners, of the? Flouting ilospiUl, pro- vided by them as a temporary Quarantine estabii-haient forthe recep'ion of persons sick with yellow-fever or other poatilotittaliron for a new main-pipe to convey water across the Bigh Bridge, the capacity of the present one being too limited for the growing wants of the city. The amount, pf iron required is 648,100 lbs. of boiler-plate,and. 100,144' lbs. of flange iron, of various specified sizes. The bidders were Messrs. Warren and Kemble, aud Horr.ce &. Abbott. N o award was made, however, in c'nsequenco of Mayor Wood's objection to hav- ing this kind of work done by piecemeal. Bids were also to have been opened for several trap-block contracts, but the Controller had fo attend the tax- arrears sale, and therefore failed to be present, in con- sequence of which the opening was postponed to Wednesday. -'..;.': — •'.—:—EXCISE CoMMissiONERs.r—At the meeting of theBoard on Tuesday moxrung, ten innkecpors' andtwo storekeepers' licenses wore granted. Thus far, An experienced Nur^e and Female Physician, has a Soovsisraand power of Mr.f ta^sof the Agape-mheir chief, and sigu ,efc ail on discontinu- seraratmg thea>seWe* Hne deed provision isthe S'.aie s land is permanent, and stays forever.. Thetwo cases, I submit, are not precisely similar, and the diseases', and such expenditure as may be authorized by law forKMh «B 2*t^>uth of we?»t>hioa Xew-York and £attend tbe religious services-of the Caristians, and they even avow favorable sentiments toward them. Mr Dodd describes a revival scene in Smyrna. M r . J e s -speaker, always securing the attention of the Assemblyaffairs.-•< •illustration ismoonshine.T.F.the support of.Quarantino.OBITVARY.—A. dispatch from Medina announces the made by any regiment in the city to take Broad vay. pine tree, estimated to be a hundred feet high and overB^aver-s I ;MISSIONART NKWS.—The New-York aud Brooklyn ^».«eives three m o n t a j p ^ Foreign Missionary Society held a regular meeting inJ?n,VER SOAP.—A perfect pteoarafcion for clean- SujgSUverTlate. Jeveiry,. Mirrors, MarbJe, Uc, far more convo-death of Silas M. Burroughs, Representative in Con- I xbe vilbige of SpaX- ; the rooms of tbe American Board on Monday; aud re- gressfrom the district composed of Niagara and OrleansTWOfeet in diameter, standing upon the lawn of Mr. De Peyster, at Tivoli, Dutchess County. Some of it wassplinteredasifithadbeentwistedbyanimmense power, and in places it was blackened as.if by theeffect of powder Ex-President Pierce and Gea. Caleb Cusbing.are expected in the city in a day or two, to be present at the marriage of Sydney Web? ster, Piivate Secretary to the ex-President, with a c'aughter of ex-United.Statea Senator Hamilton Fish.William I I . Vesey, formerly American Consul a t Havre, from which position he was removed by Presi- dentBuchanan,hasbeen called byGen.Dixtoassist in the 'administration of the New-York Poet-OlficeijrbteenAgapemouites !twelve mouths; an« j:o children have been fin^themysteriouseS-CATTARAUGVrtt,r, May30,'I860, over- Wawriyportswerereceivedfromjjniasionariesinvarions parts Counties."Mr.BurroughswashorninthisState. Henipit and effective vhan anv other. itead the foliowisig:- . BOSTON, May 2,1850.of Turkev, in Svria, Assyjga, Pejrsia, India, C.inu, andfrom the Choctaw IndiansT Omar Ellendi, the leaderof anewreligioussectinTurkey,isunfavorably spo-ken of as t o personal character, in letters from Constan-tinople, being represented, as ignorant aud fanatical. Committee on Colleges, Academies and Common The Methodist missionaries in Bulgaria report a refusalMes*srs. SAVKonr-i. BcHnirr.' Gentlemen: Alter repeated trials of your Silver Soap, w e c u trecommend it &» Oie best article tceh-tve ever teen for cleaningof several Bulgarian villages t o p a y t h e accustomedtithes of their crops t o their Archbishops, in which theyare sustained by the Turkish authorities. At Arabkir system of common school education. He was also on tie Euphrates, Mr. Kicbnrdson writes, a daily especially engaged infurthering theenlargement of the noonday prayer-meetingissustained. Mr. Schrieider Canals,,bothin the Committeeon Canalsandonthe writes that the Mohammedansof Killis;iu tho Southernfield of Turkey, are becoming surprisingly ready to lioor of theHouse. He was an ardent and eloquentwhenever he arose to speak on any subject. In 1856 3*,aidpatsed"up hewaselectedtoCongress,andW^Jreelectedin1858.QUAUANTINE DAMAG.ES.—The, ComniniBidhei-s.Cr-ek to the W. I am informed by Gallon, tlutt It has-aa- itirely destroyed &*&WMI forty building* •t^ehofthenj. _B Allen and I>- *- 4snp, writing from Syria, speaks cheerfully of thedo- In Congress hewas an efficient legislator, aud made ings there, a n d says a n American traveler paid $500recently forthe benefit of the nnssions. In Assyria a several speeches of great power andeloquence. Mr. violent opposition lias been excited by tbe beginning Burroughs was about'fifty years of age. H e was.mar« and sncress of the new station at Bith'*, a wild region,Mr. Knapp and the native helpers having beenas-^5,200- 2,700EVIDENTLY TIRED OE LIFE.—A middle-aged man, named Matthew Welsh, engaged in the-business of pictnre,-ftame making La the attic of No. ,162 Wiiliam street, attempted to blow out his brains about 6 o'clockTHEappointed under the act of-the Legislature to ascertain, and collect the damages caused by the destruction ofjtheMarine HospitalandotherpropertyattheQuaranREALESTATK.—Thefollowingsalesweremadeyes- came to tWeffect that the Mussulmans are becoming terday at the Merchants' .Exchange, by A. J. Bleecker, SonThere were four or five boys at tho time in the shop,when Welsh desired one of them to get him some I Syracuse,were pi-eeent, the latter in tho chair; but Ht{OAKdicinal qualities of this Water are fully shown in the testimo- nialsfromphysicians andother respectableindividuals,which" vtty be seen on application to tho Axeut. Dealer* supplied oat liberal tonus. N o Water genuine uiilest-procured from H . W «saultedbvamob. From Orvomiah,inPenria,news favorably impressed with Christianity, read the N e wjBargerofNew-York,andMr.E.W.LeavenworthofIparcelonthen.w.cor.ofWunhington and Hammond- ,o*;ofthe-roof'.Oithe Testament,andsomeoftheholiest'oftheirMullahs sis 22and3-i.4i51.iJand00\ Alexander W . Harvey of Buffalo, thefourth Commis- BOSTWICK, Sole Agt'nt. MeUopolttaa Hotel Building, No.5T4 The boy waB unsucceBrfnl, when another one was sioner, did not arrive. The following counsel made tl roadway.-.tannerv ofMr.A»ft of the roof of the discos it.in their families. In China mnch solicitude 1 parcel on Hammond-st., adjoining, 22x50;sent, and soon returned with the articles desired." j their appearance for the several parties interested; (I '•'-." [Advertisement,]ges. Fo»-fest trees a n a is felt with reference to the position in which mission- 1 parcel on Hammond.st., adjoining, 22 and 18x a b t 65.4.. 0,620%x>i*.ii/largenam- arieswouldbeplacedincaseofawarwithEngland FELONIOCSAs«Ain.T.-r-Patric^BradyandMatthew,thickness, were twis^ and France. The Choctaws, it was represented, were llagan were arrested yesterday, charged with having, iu a feloni-be-horw; wagon * f » poor, and are now well off; were idle, and are now ous maimer, beaten Edward Morgan of No. 117Greenwich streoL industrious, and have so much moral stamina that In addition to pounding Mr. Morgan with their fists, ono of themUditiswmd*£.whitepeoplehavenotbeenabletocruatointemper-btrrickhiminthefac^withastone,seriouslyinjuringhisright eye. The prisoners wero held tot exoaiiottUoa by fJusticeWelsh then produced a derringer, which he loaded, ! JohnE. Devlin, esq.,for the Commissioners of Emigra- j; GRAND FAMILY HOLIDAY AT THRAMERICANTjnsweredarkenedfor aher and other ob)*** les have been fooif n, Mr. Bradford Bur-anceamongthem.1Quackenbush."OrKICROKGfcWUAT.SnPKKINTRJfDJEJTTOFPoLICK,}No. 218 Hroomo street, comer of Elm, •Now-York, Juno 5. 1860>)" GvxTl.wiis: Having eotered upon tho duties of SuperihLTINIONFEKKY TOBROOKLYN.—-TheUnion"TotheKoflrdofSupcruiMorsoftheCountyofiVrw-yorJt. t/nden: rvftheMetropolitan1'oliceforce.IdoomitpropertobethereforeacceptmyresignationasamemberoftheBourdof birr-r\it-or* /"'It annot separate myself from your Board without ackrjowl- e<Vh Rthe rehic*Hi>Ce with which I part ofwftally from gentlemen Who, UK a public, body, deserve,.so. well the commendation of theirfellow.citizens,andwithwhomIhavespentHOmanypleus-THEFerryCompanythreaten to raisetherateof ferriage from one and a half to two cents, owing to the increase oftheleasefrom$50,000,to%'03,000perannum.Ten yearsago,whenthelej-sewastaken attheformer rate, the population *»f .Brooklyn was 96,838;"in 1855 it had increased to 205,250. Now it is probably closeBay Railroad, of which mention has before'been madein these columns. The steamer* N*uehon and RipVan Winkle convey passengers from the foot, of Rob*am ther party to the'fk zen regions of the North—;nqt to learn the fate o< Sir John Franklin, but tosettlo.th'e gieat geographical problem, of an open Polar Sea.jtlfcexcursioncars»ndboatsrunonthatdayj,1wasghxd,there- fore, to sec the genial and approving rninner in which the TitrB- VNX, of which Tarn a c.onntai>t and admiring reader, spoke y««.•r.-.ieVed :rom every other obligation wMch might interfere withime. andhasteneddowntofreehim. Ifoundhimupon trians." Theamountrequiredfrom theCityofNow- GalleryofMr.Hartmann,atthecornerof Broadwaybed on the floor, his wife bathing hi» head, and his Yovk-for this bridge is §150,000, which the Commis- Isonlyingbybisside. Isawtbatbewasdead,butI sionersasktheBoardofSupervisorstoappropriate.and'Bondstreet. Aninterestingexhibition'ofother paintings, b y English, French, and American artists, isthe saddest seenej I believe, f ev«r witnessed.Tin behalf of those who are suffering, and all is done . Kkhard Bus^ed'R salary of $2,000 a year for 1858-9,THETION ATTORNEY'S OFFICE;—The Special Committeethat can be done to relieve them.STATE vs. CITY'-MADEps Ccun«el to theBoard, was ordered paid bya voteof all the Democrats and Messrs. Stewart and Davis..Mr. Meterole, keeper of the House of Detention, LANDS. reported that Alice M >rg^n a n d Mary Brooks, detained as witnesses in the McDonald case, have hem setatNo EKST FOR THB WICKED.—By therecent demo-thechargesmadeagainst Mr.GeorgeC.G^net,Cor- Common-Councilforapproval?.---ThegloriousGari- litionoftheoldbuildiugsonthatportimoftheblock AddressB.R.Barlow,FivePointsHousoofIndustry.To the Editor of 'Fht N. If. Trxbvnt.tliemostJmitor> "•;i\ SIR:Tbeit^suebetweennsappearstobenarrowed liberty,after300days'confinement.'.Thenotherper-0•: • Ihe abode ofli|ve.the Agapem|ne, VHT passedwihin f> doings, det&led* rawu a«ide againsons discharged during the month had been imprisoned »downtotwopoints. InyourleaderofJune4,you 31daysHSwitnessesinacaseofaslault. 'Jfthose1st of January for the violation of Corporation ordin- ances to present trieir receipts for the same, in order that the clerk of the Committee may take copies of them; and all other parties who can give/information as to the matter will be required to testify'what they know. A number of-statements have been, receivedYork Club will 80<m occupy tbe residence of Mr. about the »t.rects or s<jek shelter iii tho Station-Houses, Height, <>n Fifth avenue, as a Club-House The or in unfrequented alleyways. On Monday night, aind no other answer to m y letter in Friday's TRIBUNE [than upon these tw o 'points, and I presume, therefore,on ascent to all else.As to. the first: I understand you to contend that,now held, Ellen Ann' Gascoiguo has peen detaiued 188 d \ s in a case of reception ol stolen g|>ods.Mr. Dutcher wi)S astigaed the places on Committees hitherto occupied by Mr. Kennedy. .Jane-street"MI.E . Church h«s been closed for extensivedecorations, new carpets, upholstery, paiat, and fres-coing -Mr. B. C. Terry/ was to launch, on .Monday,from his ,ship-yard at Keyport, two' propellers, forDumber, of' the^e unfortunates took refuge i n a n unoc-' cupied cellar in.-West Broadway from which they were driven by the police, on account of their disor-Colincil praying for relief for the starving people.,REPOKT o r T H E DISPENSARIES of the City of New- oj^kforthemonthofMay,1860: .AfUir unimportant business', the" Board adjourned,'to 'when the act of 1803 gave xbe city authority to "Jill meet in the room of the Supervisors on Tuesday next,C«' CW to<J o &< *s.OSr* vp, alter 4fr' amend any public slip," it thereby au- r•thorised the running of piers to any extent into the xiver beyond the city's grant. The piers and slips *o by tbe laWvof 1803 (consolidated in 1813) authorized to be amended .were within the city's-giant. ' As late as 18-7 much "of the ground inside of South and WestEight women were taken in custody£3POLICE COMM1SSIONEKS.The Board of Police Commissioners met yesterday afternoon, as usual, at Headquarters, and disposed of the reports of the Sanitary Squad. Sergeaut Lord re- streetswasunfilled,andthepierswereextendedout portedthebuildingNo.t34Cedarstreetasinadan-«-! PC "Number of male patientsv2.1457,719to those streets, and thus left unfilled most of the.slips gerous condition, and liable to fall at any moment.and lots inside of those streets, and it was to those William Watson and Gideon Rice of the First Wardslips and lots that the law of 1803 and 1813 applied. were putupon theretired list assuperannuated. They receive an annuity of §1S0.dressed, and deported themselves quietly enough in jRcvaccmatioiis 16 237 38 5 2% Whole numbervaccinated 901 330 3,454 8!)4 105 5fT74 the Station-House.' They varied in age from 15 to 20 • Number of adults 2,836 1,103 1.357 1,225 724 7,245years, and all-' protested 'against being arrested and, Number of children 1,077 855 4,397 1.J154 605 9,383 Number pative patients..1,822 955 4,411 1,841 714 9,74:1lockedup,statingthat they hadnotcommittedany breachofthepeace..Themajorityofthemwerefor-at 3 p. m.SIR: 1b»vedeterminedtodesignateasth|>depositariesofthombadbeendrivenbythepolice.,andmostofthemwere "Daringthemonthof.May,as aboveshown,medicaland surjrical services, vaccination and medicine were afforded gratu-8th, 14:h, and 15th Precincts.-•',. *I.COMMISSIONERSAt a meeting of the Commissioners of Emigration,time past the emigrants arriving at Cattle GardenSunday-schoolhas presented•SSC^P^f!PUBLICBOARI>OFSTJPKKVISOnRS.*The Board of Supervisors held a regular weekly evening in the Baptist' Church at Port RichnnAid, inaffair. He waa held fo| examination by Justicea n d.Tho*e-whowereinthes*re*tsthrew.theniselvesupon ConnionPleas,PresidentSTKWARTinthechair.' whichtheprincipalattractionistheappearance'ofSt iehopediJbattheirinjuries-will n o tprovefatal.MEETINGS.<1ITY ITEMS.•2. T o give a bonus of ^SO.Ot'O for the privilege of the purchase.afunnel,andmovingfromthowos*. Itmoweddown .TkeBoard.thenproceededtofillthevacancyocca- .3.Toguarantee*hatduringthaf.periodtheferriageshallnever theCamdenandAmbbyroutetoPhiladelphia.COLORS FOR THE SIXTH RKGIMENT.—Two flags, redt h e » b o l e f - r e s t . b«-f< r e i t , a n d h u r l e d t h e u e e s i n t o t h e s i o n e d b y - M r . K e n n e d y ' s r e s i g n a t i o n . e x c e e d o n e c e n t f o r e a c h p a s s e n g e r : a n d •k&n. At-first,hefledwithhisfamilyt->thenorth, Mr.BLUNTnominatedSimsB..Butcher,and,on 4.TotaketheenMrepropertyofthoCompanyofftheirhands[ioping toesciipe its force, but that seeded a vain eiibrt,[for j»pi-ar.ently the tornado was making directlyto-[warri tuem,and when-it WHSwithin sixtvrods, sweep-[ifgeveryhiagbeforeit,theyreturned"tochehouse, teetowaitonMr.Butcher,andinformhimofhis, slightestobjectiontoanysuchaconeummationasthese Iwmt into the.ceUar, a n d c^iumitted themselveu to God. election.[The tornado pasRed a little to ibo HOnth of thehouse, On nomination ofJudge CLARKE, Edward B. Hasfmid leftjfhat without injury, while it destroyed the nett was confirmed asanofficer of theSupreme Court.warnafewffeetdistant. Assoonasitpassedalittle, TheHarlemBridgeCommissionersreportthatthey .THECHAMHERLATNCY.—Forseveraldayspast,the |>fr.Nortonwentforthreeofhischildren.Thechil- 1aveappointedWm.J.McAlpineEngineer,andhiecounselforthecontendingpartiesinthematterofthe [drenwi-rereturninghomefromschool,sawthetor- hapad\lsed"asuperstructureofiron,restingoh.threo.Chamherlaincyhavebeennegotiatingforthepurposeballot, Mr. I>uteher received eleven votes, the whole net* Ixrc: 6t.iiolhs of the Sunday law, as well a* keeping open «hop; and if th*,Messrs. Briggs and Little were appointed a Commit- to cross theferries so frequently, would nothave thepurpose by the said companies respectively, at a price n»t ex- missioners of Emigration froin en.igrants arriving a t tiiis port ceeding t h e regularly established rates." . .:baye been pledged by law for the support and maintenance ofwas elected to the Assembly in 1837, and again in 18.50, 1851and1853. Mr.JBnrrouo-hswasaveryactiveand prominent member of the Legislature. As ouc of thoPlate*,! and Silver Ware. Yours respectfully,. : •' .Manufactured only by, tho BOSTON 1M>KXU'AL SOAP Co. Sold by HnaKMAK &.Co., Broadway, and others.—,'• •••*:{Advertisement. ]Schools, he was instrumental in framing our presentschool laws; and was ah•advocate of the niost liberalricd, the second time, about two years.j tine, held their iirst mooting on Tuesday noon a t No. 47 lastevening,andinfactwaspartially successful.i"Wallstreet.Messrs.PeterB.SweeneyandSamuelP.lAdvertis«iu«nt.] ORCHARDACIDSPRING WATER.—-Tho me-new lease is actually a reduction of tho rate- charged ten years ago,while the'receipts are'more than trebled. 1heDaily Newshasbeenauthorizedbyre- sponsiblepartiestomakethefollowingpropositionsfor thereliefoftheUnionFerryCompany:.1.Togive#103,fK)operannumfortenyearsforthelbaso.two lor three thousand were still warning on- Sat- lice Commissioners are to make a still further effort to enforc**and at an equitable valuation.The people residing in Brooklyn, who are compelledpropositions set forth as being practicable and'desirable^Hall to-dhy. ..'•;"-•"ALLEGEDMALFEASANCE INT H ECORPORA-appointed by the Board of Counciimen toinvestigate^ the ftrcets ? What lois become of that referred tothelawjhaving been passed'in 1857) is, that no person be-longing either to the legal profession or the city offices twelve hundred passengers a; day;....For somevicious disposition on several previous occasions.James Powers, and Harvey Russell, were arretted b y OiJtccr Oliyer, of the Fifteenth Precinct, chanted with having burgitr- ioijsly ent<;ied tbe hardware store pf C. C & \V . Hull, corner of W^vcrlcv place a n d Sixth aventi*-, o n Sunday night. A package oflipocket-hnivcR was stolen from the store, and distributedwhere such complaints are wont to be made, should have been aware of its existence.. Thefirst section of the law provides that"No person orpersonsothertlwntheagentsoremployeeso railroad, steamboat, or steamship companies of this State, duly appointed by them for that purpose by proper authority ia writ-ing, shitll ofler for sale witlnn this State any ticket issued by any railroad, steamboat, dr steaois.hip company in this State or else- where, wholly or partially printed or written, delivered for the purpose or on the pretense of 'the 'procurement of passengers; and no ticket or tickets or other evidence shall be sold', or otteredPRESENTATION.—Thehave ,been much annoyed by hiving their bag-- to the new Church of the Atonement, corner .of equally among tho boys. Justice Quackenoush commiUed thorn,itrrrtnnt. ;Ou Monday night, as the Twelfth Regiment, Col.Butterlield, were returning fiom the brigade driilort Hamilton square, they madi a veryeffec'ive and.splen- did exhibition of their p»-o<iciency in light infnntry tac- tics. . They came down Broadway a t intervals of quick and douhb-quick time. It was the first, attempt, ever'Nil- ceived and opened on Saturday forthe furnishing of. •'}'"Anso,VVOLI'S'S PC-RK Cott.uc,' "B«*»»r 1.v BoitiBs."%'I'.'..'fc .for the calling in of the subscription, has been obtained^ and Dr. MINOR CITT ITEMS.—Menday was a scorcher; but •Hsyen will bail; yet it in the-lowest snm, and: every addition to j in the evening a sharp shower fell, cooling theatmos--' it will bean essential increase' of that comfort and well-being ' phere,.andlaying the dust. Yesterday we had several which is desirable on so long and so venturous an Expedition. I. Kcspoctfally, 'evi York, Jane 5th. ,J. LORING.I am. goro'g ro'd'." Without further words;'ho the placed the pit-t<'l to bis forehead, and discharged it—th° contents entering t h e brain, a n d laying him senselessWM transacted, meet at noon to-day.t h eCommissionadjourned,j *t atorilinsonstreet,leavingdailyat.G~a.m.-and3J.p.m.,toPortManyc«me.forward,eagertojoinhit*company,but henlthfujrecreationwhichtheyplacewithinthereachof"toit-Monmouth,nearKeyport,wheretherailroadbegins. The latter rune r,bShrewsbury, Red Bank, Batdotdwn. Oceai.pOrt?,and*PleasureBay,havingswitch-offtf ats»illthemoneywattnotraised.-Publicmeetingswere held hero and in Boston and Pbiladelpbia, to further tbe Object;:' but eijll it bung fire. $20,000 was thekc<j;p open m y shop at all ion Sundoy. l a m glad to cloxe it-on weeks.' Since,therefore,itisdecriedthattheExpe^. SaturdaynightandnotopenitagaintihMondaymorning. Bat.d i t i o n w i l l c e r t a i n l y g o , i t b e c o m e s a m a t t e r o f c o m - i f ; i t m i s t a k e n o t , t h e r u n n i n g o f p u b l i c c o n v e y a n c e s o n S u n d a y — * - mon humanity that it should be enabl-dtogo with a jthe Sunday earn and excursion boat*—is contrary to the provi*.proj^er outfit, with Bailable clothing and provisions, so;and blue, painted on one side and embroidered on the that t.he?e biave men should cot have to endure the | "jfijabbath Committee" succeed in tbeir «ffforts to prevent all Other, and appropriately inscribed, which have been horrible sufferings already-experienced-by both Dr. trljirb' snd trsflic on Snndsy, what assurance have wc that theyorderedbythecityatacostof$500,tobo-presen^a HayesandDr.Kane. To>furnishthesesuppliesthe" wfljnotthenstoptheSundayCarsand-ExcursionBoats••? Ito the'6th Regiment, were placed in charge of the Conmii'tee appeal to the public for additional contri-. have read one of their "documents" and found Sundny Carekeeper of the City Hall on Monday. The 6th Reifiment butions both in money and in kind. Boston lias offered tliere denounced as one of tho " nustances" which "muat be* ftha'ted." ' , , jare tobeformally presented withthecolors,bythe tofurnish andequip thevctseh Itwouldbeashame •Besides,Inmbound toregardtberightsofmyneighbor,who' Mayor,onthedayofthereceptionoftheJapanese ifNew-Yorkcouldnotprovidefortliehardyvoyagers,jiaaSeventh-dayBaptist,andkeep*SaturdayasbisSabbath.Embassy,priortomarchingthroughthecity. oThesumoriginallysetdownasthelowest*;.necessaryforthe.;!WhyshouldhebecompelledtokeephisshopclosedonSunday?T o T H E CHAniTAULK.—An Americanshowers, and. the weather was quire chilly. The Treasurer of tbe Committee, Henry Oriimell, No. 40 Bur- six.cbildren, four of whom are dependent upon her,applied toSpeaking of dust, here's the Ciry- Inspec- ling slip; Etjbeit L. Viele. No. 13 Broadway: Cyrus W Field, I iho to-day (Monday) for aid. She ha* lived sixteen years with a tor's accotii.t for the past week: 311 men were No. 07 Beekmaio street; Benjamin H. Field, No. 127 Water ' drinking husband and worked hard to mipport her family. Yearemployed, who performed 1,142 days' work; street;Henry"JB.Pienepont,Brooklyn,oranyotliermemberof„afjteryearthem*nbecamemorebesotted,untilsomeseven-2,019 loads of manure, 4,792 loads of dirt and rubbish,baldi does not lack admirers, in New-York. Some.of hounded by West' Broadway. Worth and Churchpdration At.ttjrney, by Mr. Jones, the President of the bur young men are going.to. get up a meeting to ar- streets, a large number of miserable-aud wretchedBoard of Counciimen, have commenced advertising,- range for raiting material aod .personal aid for' tho mtn and women have been deprived of a place of and will continue to do so until Monday next, for allB. R. BARLOW, Sur/Luo aH '-**'1 HHH3Court in Tammany Hall. Tbe two .lai-go rooms onza'Tist Mr. Brhice, TJie phice where the long line of stores now stand, be- At the meeting of the previous day tlm following. the second floor have been obtained for one month, at next the students of the three lower classes will com-tween Washington and "West streets, was then, in 1&.7,openahpsandsunkenlots.Beuiaes, your argument, to~beof anyavail, mustgothe length of contending, that, when the law of 1SU3(consolidatedwithotberain1813),gavethecitypowerto (iJiil up, alter, or amend any public slip, ' \t was fuudx belonging to tbe Metropolitan Police, until further notice,inthe(ityofS'ew-York,theShoeandLeatherBank,andinthe not confined to the legitimate purposes oi piers and City of Brooklyn the Mechanics' Bank,and entered in a bor>k for the purpose by the clerk, but nothing can b e made public until t h e Committee have a meeting.TAMMANY HALT, TUHNKO INTO A COURT-ROOM.— '; Members of the bar will he pleased to learn that SheriffK'llyhas procured accommodations for the Supreme=Mtt:Peter Bums, one of tbe few survivors of tho- Now- York Voltn.teere in the Mexican war, waB buried on Sunday. • He has been eick sevtral mouths, andThe Police of the Fifteenth Ward, o n Monday night,made a descent upon all the street-walkers ai that Pre- Nutaber female patients..2,3;8 1,202 2,848 1,794 •8,914his last atthe - CityHospitalderly conduct.and locked up in the fifth Ward Sration -Reuse.!'? n 2BV P (sacinct whom they found abroad; and arrested 23. The707615 354 475 615 23'> 2,2:(9prisoners were taken to the-'Eighth Ward Station-The concluding examinations of the Senior Class in Honse, and locked up. Nearly all of them were well Prirnitry vaccinations..... 835 3^0 3,217 856 190 5,47abreathedColumbia College commenced <mMonday morning, audmencetheirexaminations,*..which will also continuethi-or'gbthatweek. CaudidatcsforadmissiontotheCollege will he examined on Friday, 22d, and Satur-day,~3dhist. TheCommencementexerciseswilltak6placeonthe26thinst-,at10o'clocka.m., iathe mystifiedatbeingarrested inone-Precinctandlocked itouslyto16,633persons. Tbeprincipal causes ofdeath wereCuurtlanut street at 5 o clock, instead of. 6 o'clock.... ,honor and honesty. Let us have the " charts" of Messrs.. Lia- co,in, Seward, Greeley, Douglas, Buchanan, aud tho rest What nayis Prof. Fowi.Kn ?{"Advertisement.] JAPANESE EMBASSY.Jjist received from Waishingtoa, on exhibition ati|i BHADV'S GALI/KKT, (!_j|| ,' No. 643 Broadway,;T3J|t» only authentic pHOTOOHAPiis of thotn taken hi this country [Also, tho different candidates for the Presidency and Vioo-Tresideucy.—r-*• j - {AdvertisementJ.V'o:«rn aiiuin. '. TERRA KlitilA. Legislature with a view to secure >\ temporary Quarantine sta- Two swindlers, named Charles R. Roberts and Isaac largement of the apparatus for both the'Philosophi- ernment was the periodical•shocks produced by its' EMPLOYMENT.—Bcl'ore accepting a situation,Asinyourarticleyou*efertotheHarborCommis- ofQuarantinefromStatcnIsond,andtheaction.ofsuchCom-wonejs, "lt-t me commend to year attentiou the fol- ir:jssioners there>m«ier have disconnected*the Commissioners ofU'eeting-yesu-rday iift-.-rnoon/the proceedings of which were.kept secret. Tlie Commissioners of Health also met in.secret...-SergeantLord reported to the Board of Police 3ettei'day that the four-story brick building, No.4Cedarstreet,isinavery-uusafe-condition;,the walls having set tied to such a' degree that the struc- ture seems liable to fa.ll at any moment. Tho mat!er was 1-efen-ed.for immediate action JoimW. Draper,#ive exhibitions in the principal towns, Jleenan aud Savers will come to this country together.-THE NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC HALL ASSOCIATION.—Tbe'Trustees of the National Democratic Hall Asso- ciationmetatNo.747Broadwayon Mondayevening. Mr. S. Bull Williams w a s elected Chairman of the Board of Trustees, and Mr. Dudley Beau Secretary. In taking the chair, Mr. Williams admonished those present, that Slavery w a s necessary to the perpetua^idn»ite#,orwhetherhej EmigrationwiththeQuarantine'establishment,exceptH>furas<--J'u-er to giv* biax ' The gnllant libera— j &0 further than »h'-ruly h^<« to law , aieve what forcehad ijfHr. VYUiiam Brice fd the gentleman, ia sd i;be lady so much lipemoi/e itself. T h e en fheir businesswas j>jwt of their gear^t. ud'xshrv theJudgesrase, and declaring b»r will. There- inHued,thereturntoThe rase was on Judge in Chambers, 'rke/and Mr. Benja- fowider oftheAga"prop?ia perwi**-r"n,tdetainedinthefeef incliriatk«x»aadlow ifcg n<»r:(gruphs, fiom th«*ir r«*fH>rt:" 77>" Letfrfatxtrr, accordingly, b y t h o A *t of 17'x'J, a n d Bnbse-li>j"iV tl:e"eipei:ses of the support of emigrants there: and,Whnrena, Moreover the Commissioners of Health of the citiesof New-York and Brooklyn respectively, afrc-r applictttion made; rfouthaua Vorfatrevti* SiBtin; permit..cut exterior *tr.;et« of'thoouently by tbe Acta of 1802 a.»:u 1SJ3, xticogvfavd v.nd i;oiitjr»iodto ihem by lh»- Quarantine Commissioners,, have refused to tsice ei'y. t'lil, coTtlrtxry to the s-'V»»rftl a ts, virtuxttiy Jurbiddimj toy steps'or make any provision tor the ct:re of yellowfcvor pa-the-Jttlhfff »J>lb* inat.rt />/'thepvrt beij'iiitl thexlreeto incil-ioiifd, ticrts jand,t\.» ('orpoTtttioM of New- York biw nuihoriwl or perruieu-d tb>»deposit of »>Rrth sn •hi- Hudson ItiviT, between th»- ttermfaihtioao< D«?y and Ve«M»y i«trv!^l*, «'<>r about -i3C» fe«t In depth, smd4U0f^«toi width, "-ve-t ©f W©ot Htreet. aud thus deprived tbe («>:•. of<ixk tu-commodftiion hi tbe center ot bmioeiM i«rcM< ty i.i mv^iiitun<« of *bkpi-hii;. The title to thi« l»ml, the aten- of .which i««boi<tii;i.-ty.boitdlnglot*.woMS..t}*A»Ilivehundred a»t«.tenjpotaxyQ-ari>ntine_e^tabli<hrn«nt:and'•P. SJ—As to your argument thaj the city h»a a / -gal tion, and the amount there invested can now only be>made avail- right»H-pushitspiersintotheHudson«ndKa*trivers,ableforthepurposeforwhichitw*sappropriatedbyconyetting.£ho»J«artd«V-llar», i*in (fieptopJU of the State.f aud inch «U.*>-M»ii- Whetettn, Thesaid premises are uri:)8ed. ^>irt ropresc-n.1 an ap- lioiimav-bAmi.deoiitastbeLegislature^h-hdeerAoxjxjvUeut.T' propriationoutoftbemoneysintbeStateTreasurymadebytheorboth." /T'-eaovelawwillbefoundo-tpage'MQof theRevisedStatutesofthe.Stateof.New-York,fifth'Universitybayemadea.handsomecohtnhution,oftheUnion.Aseriesofresolutionswereadopted, edition; volume 2. ..;. to be. expended' by the Doctor in tho en- setting forth that themisfortune of a Republican Gov-a* i'iaxa it chooses, eveu to the other ri.ie, because, a** vou sxy, a man haw a legal right to build his house to "The.0BKKHJ, 1 would suggest that when yon undertakethentercsting enterprise oi" buildiug yburhouse to the mo*ni,VOhnmstdoitonyour men land—yon cannot <lo'Iti'ptfcelandofyourneigahor,oroftheState.YetMi-.ssrs. Bleecker will tell at auction to-day;the. old all good citizens, when such changes were'about toy«*i claim, by analogy, the right of the city to dock and deuth. Therefore, beit.siearaboat Daniel Drew, Capt. J . F . Tallmari,,went to" Villiers. . ' , ;acros* the^e divers, on ike State's la/id. A slight dil- tnoon, yon rr.ust not darken your neighbor's ancitntJUsctrrd, That, with a «J«w to the protection of the cities and countybeforenamed,a>>JtheStateat1••.vg*.from theiiitrodwc- tion'oi'yellow-fovernnd other pe-ttilcuthJ diseases, ar.d^to enable the present Quarantine Comnnssioners to use an appropriation rnade tor the. establishment and uiainteuauce of a teojj>'Mry Qjiarantinc—but m>w represented by the premises hereinafter mentioned; and in its; present shape unavailable—^the Com.nis- sionera of Emix?«tion request'-the Governor, Controller, a w ljlliemates—VfeixrG Drake Parsons,'Janjos S. Libby, M . Dudley bij'tn.tho hands of every traveler. No family should leave t h * jalbany on Tuesday on a trial trip, and expects to re- Bean, Albert.W.-,Gilbert , J—rS , ' cliW or.be wfthoiit a supply dnriu^.the warm weather. Itiavta-IVhareai, Moreover, the premises purchased Ut Seg».ine's Point by the late Quarantine Commissioner!" **•»;•«designed as a feeniP0' rarj* •Quarantine station, and the title th*>reLo is vested in the. CoiMuisMonerH of F.iuigration: and • ' Whereat, T h e prOseit Qnaraiitine Cciumis»iouer<: ha-.» aban- doned th<- «aid premises, and hive substituted a Qoatiuj> hospiuil• M. !>., Professor.of the Univorsity-of this city, leaves for England in the Persia to-day. The' friends of thethe s id prej ises into money ; andIt Iktrra*, 'No public officer ha> been authorized.to-Hell the saidpremises, bet the Commission«;i'3 of Emigration, with the con- soot of the Governor. CotitrplVr, and Attorney-General, are by special act empowered to raise money thereon £>y mortgage.And Wherew, Moreover tjie present crhh: is a fttart'ul one, and it is necessary for those having iho power to exercise it on behalfofmorethanamillionofpeople,exposedtopestilenceorbefore " setting down for.life," ia a pursuit which is neither Hamilton,w;e.\-eurre^t-dyesterdaybytheCity-HallcalandCkeaicalDepattm.enrsoftheInatitution.l..;changesinAdministration,andthatitwasthedutyofpleasant'norprofitable,itwouldbe-welltohaveacarefulpolice, on the complaint of Wm. Mercer of Beaufort, North Carolina, and taken before the Police Justice sitting at the Tombs, -who, on being referred to.the above* law, instantly committed them to prison fur ex- aminationaudtral.MILITARY.—TheTwenty-thirdRegiment,"National Grays," of which Breve! Col. Jacob' Ra.ynor is the command ing- officer celebrate their t,hiri.y-'ifth anni- versarybyanexcursiont>Orange,N.J ,onthe12thwith the double-quick H«udee drill, and it was a perfeet success. The.drrims beating on the run,and the ^olidfrontsofthecompaniesmovingatsuchatremen- dous pace and with such great precision, made a strongimpression'on the spectators.The Second Brigade is composed of the Fourth Reg-iment; Col. Hircken. Fifth Regimont, Col. ScHwarz- waelder; Sixth Regiment. Col. Piuckney, and Twelfth Regiment, Col. Bnnorfield; and-..the display on.the occasion of inspection and re\new, on Hamilton.square during .Monday, WUB very fine. Afror brigade line was dismissed, Col. Butterlicld presented, Lieut. Loc-ke, of Coinpany F , on behalf of his aesoohi'oa, the regimehTal decoration—a Maltese cross in gold, with the coat of arms raised in enamel.The Seventh Regiment, National Guards, have defi- nitely determined upon forming an encampment during the Summer, and it is thought that the event will take, place in July, on the ground known as the Richmond Club Ground,Susricious CASE. —.Yesterday morning OffiocrLiutz, of the Eighth Ward, found a man lying insensi-ble on the sidewalk at the corner of Prince street andBroadway. On examining him. he.found him to beseriously injured and immediately coiiveyod him to theNew-York Hospital, where he waa pronounced to bjsuffering from a fracture of the skull. A man namedPeterBrownwassubsequentlyarrestedbytheofficertheoldesthoyintheshop,andsaid,"IfanyoneMr.JohnBonforDr.Thompsonandothers.Incop willbeamunedandeditiedbyth«unparalleledattractions—th«Ojaht Baby, the "What is itf" thethree beautiful living SoaW onBuspicionofknowingBomethingrelativetotho4corneabetweenmeanddeath,theywUlhavetodie.wjse<iuenceoftheabsencqofjttr.Harvey,aohwfaim •portinginthewater,the(fattdAquaria,theIdghtulnsCabxu*-Untitled Documentpowder and ball, which ho wanted to shoot rats with.Thirty-third .street and Second avenue, a beautiful baptismal font, cut.from fine Italian marble. Ithas appropriate carvings and inscriptions, and at the pre-•answer.CARELESS DRIVING^-Abour, 10 a. m. on Monday\Pmcr Oberschcimer. a little boy,wasrun over by JamesDow- dell, driver of a brick cirt. Dowdell and unother driver were- a'chig up Third avenue •:T.a furious rate, when the boy attorn ated oicross thestreet and wasrun over, aud severely injured about thejhead and neck. He was conveyed to a .drug store and bia wounds dressed. T h e driver u a« arrested aud tuj|ceu t o Jefferson Market by Officer Morey, and locked up to aw-ait the result oftbfflboy's "injuries[Advertisement].•PlIRHNO'COGICAI. EXAMI NATION b y Prof. FoWl/BR, NO. 303 coin try-.-eat, ar, Bloc-mingdale, of tho late John. Adams, occur, to select national men to the'seat of Government. Broadway,. B y this, o n e m a y learn Ilia real capabilities, a n d esq.,•consisting of the fine old mansiomand about sixty The following gentlemen were elected Commissioners .bin adaptation to particular pursuits. Phrenology may 00 couv-lots oi Eighty-sixth street, Tenth' avenue, and Broad-way;allfine,noblestreets.-...ThenewNorthRiverto anend the forthcoming Convention at Richmond:; JohnB.Borst,IsaacLawrence,James B.Bonsai, Jamessuited by ladies, for the same.purpose, with equal 2>ropri.e'ty. [ Advertisement. 1To THETRAVELING COMMUNITY.|Woi.KK'« celebrated SOIIIKHAM AKO.MATIC SctrrfAI»P« should112 licenses have been granted, andrthe Board has heldSlkiu> K^RCHiLOiutN TBKTMINU, whioh greatly facilitate* tbs»- pjrocess of Teething, by soft*uing the ^uras and reducing, all ina- fiammation; will alSiv all pain, and is sure to regulate the bowebx. Depend upon it, mothers, it will give rent to yourselves and inUsf and health to your infants. Pen'octly safe in all oases.MU'dons of bottles are *old every year iu the United State*, Ij is an old and well-tried remedy.|r Piiicu -«xvt\'2& 0X3T3 ABOTTLB.JNo»^e genuhio uul»*» t b e fao-KunU« o f CUHTU & PsKucrns* N#w-York, is on tlie out*ld« wrapper. iSoldbyDrusgisuthroughouttheworld. *'nineteen sessions. .•-'and discharged several times against the wall. Hav- tion, and for two private claimants; Lett C. Clarice, NXSKCM!—This afternoon at 3 o'clock, splendid Draiuatio Per- ing once more reloaded, he turned to Patrick Kirko, formances take place for the amusement of families tuid'SOhoola eeq., for the Supervisors of Richmond County, and Which throng the Etttablishment everj* WednesUay. All olasse*-it;11,:ISumberforeifmpatients..2,691 NumbersenttoHospital.644 Number ofdeaths 241,003 19\fi)t, &0-, *G»f.; ••3Qas •% m <t) P5 t-cu'75« 2,911 1,235...4,M3 i,y5a 5,754 3,079 1,329 16.6:a•J i- Totals.iVested at dwellintrsTreated at Dispensaries..3,898 1,004 5,27!) 2,464 l.orw 14,344[Advertisement]Itriuistsooit.be uw»d by.every family. SaXKVK, BKOWV&OO.,Mst«. WINSLOW,(Late Jones, Boll Ai Co.>. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069; ,; •www.fultonhistory.com•*.-J ,; 