 &>fthevye»t•fyj£—i••Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.)—I simply want to say that and the greatest enthusiasm manifested. . — •From a Special Correspondent;WASHINGTON, March5,I860.see through its pernicious nature, and the moral cour- cover damages, will receive about $1,500,000-—a very age, amid a slaveholding people, to uncoil the folds of snug sum. JEtich as he is already, and with his well- thehydrafromaroundhishousehold,and stand forth knownbenevolence,hewillofcourseappropriate this) )aTfce House refused to suspend therules,"only36 paxaiHO. _ . , ., organsorthehireliugs ofthesedifferent interests,andhumanepolicy,cannotbebetterdescribedthau store. AndMr.ChaseandMr.Seward willhailthis for thepurpoer;. Wotrust that 4howorks ofthein the words of Mr. Grow himself. H e says:" Three times, within seven years, a homestead bill has paeeed this Housej and been defeated each time b y the Democratic majority in the Senate. On the vote on the homestead bill in the House, last Congress, outof one hundred and thirty Democrats, b u t thirty-one. voted for it; and in the Senate, on the test vote betweentakingupthehomesteadbill,afterithad nassed the House, and only required the vole of the Senatetomakeitalaw,sofarasCongresswascon- cerned, or to take up the bill for the purchase of Cuba, but one Democrat voted for the homestead, and only six at any time; while every Republican in tho Senate,•VI.ion'the6thofNoveiriber. Bythe4tharticleiitwas nor,indeed,chiefly,upon S g ^ ^ S S ^ S ^ S ctherelationofMr.BatestotheRepublicanparty..Duringtiereadingoftheresoletiongreat confosion,mittedtotheHouseofRepresentativesbytheSecre- objectingtoitsbeingread. . H« mNew-Xork,whoarehereonthepartofpropirty- ofpoweronhispart,withoutthecoloroflegalau- also,inviewofthepeculiarpositionpfparties',11I\<1rk.m- ar-tiene udd* rk d- n- er»- or \>6 n- *t•yof1CTHETzutti;N£hastreatedthenamesofgentlemenpro- maybeconsideredarepresentativeman. posedasRepubKeancandidatesforthePresidencywith aingrdar fairness and justice. If anything can se- The editor says, substantally, that he "willnever•There have been no arrivals since the previous tele- vearB„ T h e Tehuantepec Company, and its advo-laborers, professional men of all classes, and thosefollowing other pursuits and no pursuits—and thesealways largely exceed the owners of the soil andtheir families—and it is safe to say that our unsold Labor ? Is it any wonder that Mr. Bates has always Jersey State Senate at Trenton on Monday .last. A.• : * :«pe»k«of M Tfcs ecaplejiuont^^of mobej'to carrr electibns;" saidInterior,;andthe^^reewap7c0urj,ters^ne;dbyhim'.•-•- .-.a serious undertaking! Therefore,• a« the current Pacific Railroad bills look tathe lo^u of the Governmentcredit,xaswellastoa donation ofats1 i off^mMmmMt|-j '•tary of *J»Navy, in response to a resolution of that body. - Taeyeay thataH the troubles are owing to thehcldeisand tax-payers of New-York, opposed to rail-year, that there ws* no organized EepubKcan party-iii .Mfcsbmrf in 1856, u n d cn»Mqttentiy n o electoral ticketr-.-.i€i.At the Charter election held here to-day, the whole TheSPEAKERprotern,hereobtainedahearing Democratic ticketwaselectedby100majority—atdr- 31. • i , ,.abovethedin,andsaiditwas-impoesiblefortheChair Democraticgainof200sincelastvear.>r• • . >_Mr. ASHMORE (breaking in at the highest pitch of his voice;--—I say I will vote-for the resolution when- ever the charges are made specific, but on this resolu- tion I will vote " N o . " [Laughter.]this caption:"Douglas an enerryto the North. Reasons whytheNorthshouldopposeJudzeDouglas. Hisduplicity exposed. SpeechoftheHon.AbrahamLincolnof Hlmoifi, delivered at ("ttneinnati, Sept. 19,1859."— TJie Evening Post, speaking of Gerrit Smith's snifc against the members of the Filth Avenue Hotel Comr mittee, says:" Astherewerethirtymembers of the Committee^ all abundantly able to pay, Mr. Smith, should he r e -••tions aii&ing under the laws gratting pensions other than their ciig:nal contracts for service and gratuities.:Carried-Mr. HALE moved to amend that claims be ppecifi-cally estimated for by the Secretarv of the Treasury. This wasdiscussedby Messrs. BENJAMIN (Dem., I*.), COLLAMER(Rep.,Vt),SIMMONS(Rep.,it. I.), HARLAN (Rey>y Iowa), and others, and lost. Adionmed.HOUSE O P REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. MLL.LSON (Ad. Dem., Va.) was unwilling thatthe suppression of hostilities on the Rio Grande fron- tier. ^Referred to the Committee of Military Aftairs. Adj Tlie California Overland Mail.MZLOT'SSTATION,Monday,March5,i860.which shows a good deal of research, and is at once interesting and valuable.deed one of the Fathers of the Faith, of which Mr. Seward and Mr. Chase are certainly honored and ableapostles.But let me ask further, in order to arrive at the trueMr. Smith, they should be made inetrumental in de- livering some one o r two thousand victims of bondage,. thoy will not have existed in vain."—Seven of the twelve Republican papers of Kanajw aresaidtopreferMr.SewardforPreaidont,threeGov* Chase, and two are silent.—"Ion," of The Baltimore Sun, says the Whig- and American Union Committees designed to hold their Convention about the middle of May, but the change inthe time ofthe Chicago Convention will compel\one.Mr.JOHN COCHRANE (Ad.Dem.,N.Y.)had anessaytodeliveronthesubject.• • The SPEAKER, following the precedents, decidedthat the resolution wasa question of privilege.Several gentlemen raised points of order, and de- sired to extend an invitation to all ministers to officiatealternately. , . , . Mr. HOUSTON appealed from the Speaker's deci- sion, which appeal was, on motion of Mr. MILLSO^, Much confcAicn prevailed throughout the discussion,half a dozen gentlemen a t times speaking a t once. Mr.BARKSDALE (Adm. Dem.,Miss.) moved totable the whole subject.Negatived—60 against 116.Mr. Millson's resolution was adopted.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio) moved that the Houseported from Victoria.MAKKETS,&C.. v SAN FKANCIHCO,Feb. 13, I860..as worthless, and you still have more than five hun- his unaided Free Labor, he was at the same time rear- dred million acres remaining for cultivation and set-•'TOLEDO, Monday, March 5, I860. A fire at four o'clock this morning destroyed Unioa ofanyonemanbyasolitaryobjectiontodefeatall said,bothtobecompletedwithineighteenmonth*afterthe HallonSummitstreet,atwo-etorydwellingadjoining,Looking at this grand total, Mr. Grow then asks:" What disposition shall be made of this vast in-'" heritance V And. he says: ". This is a question porting, and useful to society. A nd one of them, ati5s efficiently strong to bear, without any damagewhatever, the new iron dome, which will weigh 3,700tuns^more than half of which is erected. The Senatehadinstitutedaninquiry,fearingthatthewallsmight Mr.MORRIS(Rep.,Penn.)—Idon'tmeantodebate not bear BO much pressure. The cost of the dome, as the resolution, but I -will simply say that these charges now estimated, amounts to $904,000, including the aremade,andwillhavetobemet.•••->-*•called, said he desired to say only that he would vo;e for the resolution if—Mr. GROW (Rep., Perm.)—I call the gentlemen to order. H e knows Che debate is not in order.Mr. ASHMORE, vehemently—The gentleman from Pennsylvania has made it his business ever siace theThe harbor is completely choked with ice. Fortunately-no lives have been lost.• — • Navigation of tne Hudson.RONDOUT, Monday, March 5,1860. The steamers Norwich and Manhattan of Thomas-he claims to act in that capacity. AgaiD, the Con- AbendzeitAing have cbarged'you with a willingness to the incumbent of the White House? Where would' stitution, part 9 of the same 72d article, expresslyReserves to Congress only the right to.ratify trea- sacrifice theprinciples of theRepublican party merely the vital and indispensable "principles" exist, that'•'^rto carry into effect the ninth article of the treaty with Spam was made the epecial order for Marc'i 19.The hill to authorize the sale of arms to the States was taken up. •••Mr.FESSENDEN(Rep.,Me.)offeredanamend- ment, that no State or Territory be allowed to pur-1 chase a greater number of arms than h e r just propor- tion, to be determined upon the basis of its popu- lation.Without-aef ion on the foregoing, the special order, beingthobilltoamendtheactestablishing the Court of Claim?, was taken up.Mr. BAYARD (Dem., Del.) explained tbe bill, andadvocateditspassage. Hesaidtherewasanecessity theresolutionisunworthyofnotice. for an increase of the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, Others explained the^r votes-to give an opportunity to obtain justice for claimants. Mr. COYODE, demanded the previous question onentire Democratic ticket was elected, with the excep- tion of two Aldermen, by an average majority of 108.BA TTLE CREEK, Mich., Monday, March 5,1860. At the Charter election here to-day, the Republicans electedtheirwholeticket. G.W.Pendell,theRe-But if Republicaniem means more than mere opposi- tion to the extension of Slavery—which is a sort of.m&&Mr.CRAIGE(Dem.,N.C.)saidhocouldnotvotefor a resolution which condemned men in these publican candidate for Mayor, has 56 majority.- -vided for, as a Christian father and philanthropist, and tellmewhatcitizenofthisgreatrepublichasmore gloriously illustrated the dignity and power of Free•••-Having mapped out this subject in all its vast proportions,Mr.GrowproceedstoarguetheHome-•party has done wrong I am for ferreting it out. PHILADELPHIA, Monday, March 3,1860. Mr.MILES(Dem., S. C)—Iwant to be onthe A mass meetingwas heldherethisevening_bythe record against all clap-trap and humbug, and I Democrats to ratify the nomination of Henry D. Fos- vote No. » ttr for Governor. T h e meetiag was largely attended,- I•honest, hard-working yeomanry"of the country? ofthetrcatv,intheSenateoroutofit,hashadhis1hosewho,ontheonehand,doallintheirpower-:- fgg$*;acted.T h e H o u s e r e f u s e d t o s u s p e n d t h e r u l e s — D7 a g a i n s t6&—notTwo-tbirda-Mr. COVODE (Rep., Pa.) asked leave to introducethe1 following:Ii'.*rAvt>>. That a Coxoxodttee o f F i w mexnbe'rw b e appointed b / the Speaker for tb« uarpom of inve«tigati»K whether tb«? Yew - dent of theUnited State*, m any other officer of the Cov-ru- luent, haa by money, patronage, or Other improper mean*, sought t o inlloenc* t h e action o f Congress, or a n y Committee thereof, foror against the paaaage of any law appertaining to the right* of any State or Territory; ana al*o to inquire Intoand bwe«tit,ate -whether t n y officer or othsor* o f the Oovernntent have by coxabinatton, or otherwise, prevented and defeated, or attempted to prevent or a*i.-ii the »x* cutiou of any law or law* n o w o n t h o i r t a t o t e b o o k , a i d w h i H i i « ; r t h e P r o s i d ^ t i t haM f a i l e d o r '-/ •. -J t'y iTTO-.jwi the PTwcu-ioiiOi' may lawth#roof? That «aldOaBuau«ettfcsilh»v,-Rt ijj*^; wid iu^vlzv into the shu40 a* th«':"I•D e l e g a t e s f r o m t h e 8 t a t e o f K e w - Y o r k , t o t h e N a - tior.af Convention, which is to aajemble here in AprilT h e v a r e f u l l y x u ^ n d o r s t o o d h e r e , a s w i l l b e d i s -covered whenever the Senate roaches a division onthe treaty, which will be defeated by the votes ot the case! Kepublicans, Democrats, and Americans. _—-S.P.Hanscom,esq.,of Boston, hasdeclinedthe ClerkshipoftheHouseCommitteeonTerritories,that ho may give his undivided attention to his duties as *..- •' -'••4r.-The Serjeant-at-Arms of the Senate returned to-day from Boston, accompanied b y Thaddeus Hyatt a n d0*ft wh*n the law pawed la lg&L. Jtauwbolo. ' W | T O i r a a to »nr sbuMw m coaaoo*'0* **Hithopul>li©bj; a~,deir& passed ;<>n ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ w « S -J857..Juarezyy^sattM^p^pi^wjwr ofthe*«tiatag»»nde«l«*rpttbllcwotkBSf theTJnttwSt*^-' JtoefewtAuthor,thatsathoPrwidwutinhi*letortotbeWttl- ury,attherateof$1,500,000annually;for,ifa borghdaiteaaryC*]*br*don<tfth^25thKtovniaber,-I8S8,scheme k designed to perwkm Texas en tl» Treas-regimentisoaceauthorized,itwillbecontinuedby Committee•haliij.quirwtat©aada*oertain,theamountaouiedIn"J^^^t^^^jyfa^nsthe dajnaged mails t>i the steamship .Hungarian; buta>rfpreventativeoftheprinciplesoftheCnristianre- rlf^onl-fe \some contrivance* •fw«« expended, and by whia, lmd by whoi« aathOrtty it «ra« dons, and from what «ouTce« the momjy wa»-.doriTcdf5 and re- porttbonanwaofthepartietimoltoated;Sntfforthepurpose aroresaid, said Committes nbnll ba"»© power to tend for person* aadpajjcr* and toroport at any time. 'T;; ..• Sprovided that "these fac?confinueftornthepuhlicat>n ofthepresentlaw, this cuntihent\[M^.coming to be-ButitisurgedthatMr.Batesdid'notsupportXx9i>*i .wontin-1856,andthiaisconsideredanobjectionby* few. It ehould be remembered,^explanation oftbir ^ fact,ifitb^consideredofanyimportanceascompared!An offiemTreport shows thax-the old Capitol building corruption everywhere, audi condemn it in Navy-this: " If the Republicans deemthemselves sufilcien^ytheir principles a n d then: , solo party organization,, ance. A"ny departure from principle kills i £bronze mammoth statue of the Genius of Liberty, with Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.)—Make" your charges !which it is to be surmounted. specific, and I will go as far as the furthest to investi-The National Executive Committee of the Constitu- gate tbem, but this loose—[Rest of sentence lost in tional Union party have fixed on the 9th of M ay for shouts of "Order."]President, pirt 16ofthe72article, expressly pro- hibits him in these words: " Congress only can per-will be the part of wisdom to nominate Mr. Bates, should nominate Mr. Seward for President, and Mr. •who has not been identified with the RepvMican Crittenden for Vice-President. And suppoeethat, soonafter their presumed election,'-MV. Seward should u n - fortunatelydie,andMr.'Crittendensucceedtothe Presidency. W e would have a wise a n d patrioticholdingthenominatingConventionatBaltimore.XXXV&H CONGRESS.FIEST SESSION.SENATE W ASHINGTON, March 5,18^6.The Senate met a t one o'clock.party, but who will be cordially supported by the YeasandNayBwereorderedonthesuspensionof sels. ' .'* ' v,"'"'./,..l-'\"of a squadron of another Power, for OppositionofMissouri,andbythousandsofothersVarious petitions were presented, among them a numberforpension*tosoldiersofthewarof1S12.Thebillto create an additional Land District in Washington Territory -was pawed.the responsibility [Order, order, and great uproar,] or the nxanlinegs to do what men ought to do.i Mr.TOOMBS (Dem..fSfa.)movedtoamend sothat posalofthePresident,todefraythe expenses ofthe the provisions of the bill shall not extend to obliga- volunteer forces tobe called into military service forThree Persons Drowned.CHICAGO, Monday, March 5,1859. On Thursday last, while four men were crossing the Big Veimillion river, thirteen miles south of Ottawa, their wagon capsized, and three of the occupants, named Proper, Drake, and Ball, were drowned.Only two of tho bodies have as yet neon recovered. «» •tothediscussionofthemainproposition, he gives and was quietly working out in practice tho funda- the first time that menhave been madetodogoodan historical sketch of our Public Land system, mental principles of Republicanism. Mr.Bates is in- against their will. Thus fartbe Committee have no* accomplished much, and if, through the intervention ofprovidingfortheeleotionofa.Chaplaintomorrowto officiate alternately with the Chaplain already elected bvtheSenate.'Mr.HOUSTON(Ad.Dem.,Ala.),objected, con-TheRailroad Convention latelyinsessionatSacra mentohas passed the following resolution:Reaolved,ThaX the Leghiliitureof this State be, and is hereby re- q«e»tedtooffer,underpropersafeguards,topreventfraudsand abuse,$GO,000to*uchCompanyorCompanion*sshallfirstcon- structandpatintocompleteworkingordwr, a continuouslinoofLEA VENWORTH, K . T ., Monday, March 5,1860.Major Hunt's battery, Company M of the Lipht Ar- sand and sixty-one million one hundred and forty-Bates onthis point? Notonlydidheemancipateall the slaves that ever came into his poseeasion, but he; diditwiselyandhumanely,asa well-considered schemeoflife. Hedidnotturnthemadrift,ignorant, helpless, and unprovided for, to become paupers and a pest to society, b u t h e carefully instructed them, and prepared them for freedom, and established them as well as he could in life, so that they might be self-sup-"theywillprobably,in thepresentaspectofpolitics, nominate Mr. Bates, leaving it to the Republicans to* adopthimorencounterhim."PERSONAL.—The German journals state that Mr. Cobden ha*- declined tbo Cross of the Legion of Honor, offered to* him by the Emperor Napoleon.—The occasion for the visit, in June next, of tbe- Prince of Wales to the Canadas, is that he may put- into its place the last stone of the Victoria Bridge over theSt.Lawrence,atMontreal,belongingtoandform- ing part of the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada.—Hans Dorsheimer, a German flute player, while serenadingayoungcountrywomanashorttimesince* in Graham avenue, Brooklyn, was assailed by a jealous rival, who struck him on the head with a club so vio- lently as to fracture the skull and endanger his lifej whereupon the serenaded girl had him taken intothe- house, nursed him tenderly, and married hhu us sooiv as he was restored to consciousness, to the-uuspeaka-- blechagrinofhisbrutalassailant.tendingthattheresolutionwasnotaquestionofprivi-lege,therebeingnolawfortheelectionofaChaplain. telegraphicwirefrom anypointIntheState ofCaliforniacon-tillery,stationedatFortLeavenworth,hasbeenorr deredtoNew-Orleans.• 'Fire at Toledo, Ohio.onethousandsixhundredandseventy-fiveacres. Letusinv'okotheaidofthefamiliarninedigits,. and see how huge this residue looks: 1,061,141,675 acres of land.'nectingwith thetelegraphic wystemofthisState,toanypoint Mr. MIIXSON replied, saving that there shoald ea*t' of the Rocky Mountains, connecting with the tele- be a dairy invocation for Divine assistance and graphic lines of the Atlantic State*, and $40,000 to.such Com- protection, and it should not be in the power pany a* m a y complete a second telegraphic connection, as afore-appropriation. • t conventional decencies, andobstruct therulesofthe |]NOTK.—A previous dispatch stated that thesums tobeal- House. , lowed for completing tbe telejroph lines above alluded to were Mr. HOUSTON regarded Mr. Millson's remarks as $.6\CC0 »nd $4,000, which thi* despatch proves to have been atole-'raphic error.] , extraordinary, and repelled them. The dates from Portland and Oregon are to the bthMr.CLEMENS(Ad.Dem.,Va.)showedthatthere ofFebruary. Thenews,however,isunimportant. isalawofCongressfixinsrthesalaryoftheChaplain VictoriadatesaretotheGthofFebruary. Duringat $700 per year. Hence there is authority to elect the month of January, $2,400 in gold dust was ex-and a dwelling and saloon opposite. Loss $8,000; in- sured#2,000. _ _ _FR OM WA SHING TON.FromOurOvruCorrespondent. WASHINGTON,March4,1860.It is a proof of the inherent weakness and worfch- lessness of the Mexican treaty, that, with the various andlargeinterestsenlistedinfavorofitsratifica- tion, no greater progress has been made before the" of no small magnitude." H e might well have least—an intelligent boy—he educated thoroughly, andproceedtothebusinessohtheSpeaker'stable with theviewofactingontbebillregulatingthemileageof acquittal.members at twenty cents per mile, the distance to be -The Columbia River is still closed bv ice. computed by a straight line. 'Mr. WASHBURN (Rep., WH.) moved a resolution referringthesubjecttotheCommittee oftbe Whole on the State of the Union. Disagreed to by 15 major- itv. ."He then moved a suspension of the rules in order to introduce and print a resolution for the improvement of the harbor of Chicago.Mr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) said if such motions weretobeinterposed,hiscolleague(Mr.Sherman) mifcht abandon hishope to reach themileage.billto-"Advices from British Columbia are to the 8th nit.An Amerisan oliicer had marched with a Sergeants that portion of it "connected with the press,"voting in the affirmative.Mr." SHERMAN gave notice that he would to-mor-row renew his motion. . ' He asked leave to offer a resolution r*femng the subject of a Pacific Railroad to a Select Committee of fifteen. If the Committee were ordered he should de-cline feervmg on it- "\ ,_ '! _ Mr.CURRY(Demi,Ala.)objectedtoitsintroduc-tion. .•.. Mr. SHERMAN moved a suspension of Jic rules- Agreed to; 125agsm6t43.The resolution w a s adopted. 'Mr. BURROUGHS (Rep., N. Y .) asked, but-unsuc- cessfully, leave to offer a resolution for the appointment of a Committee of nine to inquire into the expediency or aiding New-York to construct a ship canal around the>'allsofNiagara. . Mr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Mitt.) asked leave to offer a resolution proposing,the.Senate coxtcurring, to adjourn23d on a voyage of discovery for new guano islands. — • ,Later from Havana.personal and a pecuniary stake in tbe result, and whose zeal is inspired by that direct and moving cause. Acted upon themselves by selfish consider- ations only, they cannot understand why others,greasy cockney vociferator may revive the same treat* cans in the next canvass, though you and I might hold author shoal-d ever show himself in these parts, w eontheIthoxJune.M r. GROW (Rep., Pa.) suggested an amendment,Delegate* From Kcw-Yorl»%£-thatiCongress adjourn when allitsbusiness istrans-dacity, andwhoabusethecolumnsofcertainNew- the lion. Fernando Wood for the Hard-Sket! York journals to subserve their ownpurposes.by its devotion to the great central idea of its exist- ence—therightsandinterestsoffree labor."Lotthepeople,andespeciallythelaboringmasses, w h o s e s u p p o r t t h e S h a i u n o m o c r a c y i s w o n t i l o c o v e t , contemplate this ctrlin but most potent statement offor theRepublican party. ,If wcshouldfindinsomedistant,isolated,andunrre-l i e v i n g c o m m u n i t y , w h e r e t h e r e w a s n o C h u r c h , n oPriest, and no Sacraments, a solitary m an w h o w a sdevout and God-fearing, and who manifested in all his journalist.life a tiue piety, and the graces of justice and charity —The Boston Gazette learns that Dr. Huntingtonf« toward his fellow-men, would wo not call that man a resignation has been accepted, and bis connection with.Christian? And with what feelings wou\d w e be Harvard College will cease at an early day.8$i i * a tmdVi'- t:.''(or powers) shall •.f'.!;,^."I,roni:Altoan^t\j.:'W:&*£-"upto.the,30tnofAprilnext^858.)'^en.theMr. FLORENCE—I have nothing to do with the The aggreg-ate IOBS by fire in this cityfor the week is Navy-Yard. [Laughter.] I court investigation into upward of $60,000.terprises. I t would rather furnish a reason for per- suing them, if we may judge of the probable Con- duct of the Adininistration by the experience which-Kansas furnishes.Juarez has thus consented to the introduction of ourtroopsintoMexico,assumingtohavefullpower.without representation' in our colonial state, afferfedt'" strongtocarrytheir,candidatebythemereforceof tbequestionofitsjustice^andtheproprietyofresist"-Yards or anywhere else, and my .colleague knowB it. [Order, order.] Only give me a reason for your reso- lution, i . • .Freshet in tne Haitland River. GODEKICH, C. W.., Monday, March 5, i860..The ice in the Maitland River broke up last night, causinggreatdamage.The steamer Troy, belonging to the Buffalo and Lake Huron Railroad'"'Company, wascarriedhalf a mile into the lake, and liep aground, with only half her hurricane deck above water. , ,to preserve Older unless gentlemen would cooperate GALKNA, HI., Monday; March 5.1860. --;t!m, OnmorionofMr.MALLOBY(Dem.,Fla.),thebillwitnhim. AttheMunicipalelectioninthiscity,today,theRepublicanliving. sentoffSouthunderthefrankofMr.Douglas.Itbear*Mm jPraSBK-rt,- .nmmm ^ ^ ^ ^ m^m h4 Xbe Xoss of tjie Bhni&garlan., *wwmhas;rentedhereTenn*ylvania or aa> othor Stats or Btaiso; ln'what diatrtbte'it' brings no further news in regard to her Idea: ' •"•.:"!'1< ,aitieaWASHIWGTOS, Monday,Mwoh5,I860.theaffairsoftheSeveralNavyXardshasbeentrana- prevailed,severalgentlemenontheI>embcratloside Aftembly,andfour,gentlemenofthelegalprofession treaty-is,therefore,anunwarrantable assumption lands,toaidinaccomplishingthatenterprise. So, withthehazardoflosfeg'thePresidentialelectiontoilt^The report oftheBoard ofOfficerstoinrestigate" Execnitiye slall submit to Cong^ss thernanner m Mr.BenjaminBaileyofPutnam, ex-Memberofthe-^wiKc^Ilni^^ay have been e&cutel." The, s. «.-.nj,-,::,'' ALBANY, Monday, March 5,1860. :The schooner Brothers was carried five. miles into, '' mit or refuse the entrance of foreign troops into the lake, and serious damage was done to otherfves " the Mexican territory, and consent to tbe stationrules, and tbe motion prevailed—Yeas, 117; Nays, 45. Fifchermen's shanties were swept away, and 150 feeT ;" more than one month in the waters of the whose votes on our side could not otherwise be ob-Mr.ASHMORE(Dem.,S.C4,when hisnamewas oftbedockwasthrownup.."Republic." The "Constitutional President" -undertakes t o violate t h e very instrument b y whichtained." It is upon this admission that the editors of President, to be sure; but how much Republicanism,The New-York Courier and Enquirer and of the would the editor of The Courier and Enquirer &nd in.'Mr. HA ON (Dem,, Cat) presented the credentials session began, to call me to order. He may find that Cornell's line, arrived here yesterday (Sunday) morn-ties, diplomatic Conventions, and all arrangements made with a foreign Power by the Executive. Y et Juarez assumes absolute power, and again outrages the Constitution. .The Senate cannot be ignorant of these facts, and the grave question is thus presented, is it becom- ing, o r is i t right for the United States t o enter into a solemn treaty with a faction which is not only destitute of the means for carrying it into effect,governmentinMexico,andtheextinctionofitsna- Christianprotestagainsttheinstitutionitself,asationality ? The day that policy 1Binaugurated, the " relic of barbarism," then let me ask you who more hours of her existence .as a separate Government nobly represents that Republican idea than Edwardof Milton S. Latham (D«m.}, Senator for California, who appeared, wassworn in,andtook his seat.; Mr. STTXNEE (Bep., Mass.) introduced the foliow- )bag resolution:Xsaoivcil, That the Pr»-<id*-.it of tbe United States', bo re* .qnwrted, if, in hU opinion, H i» not ineonsutent with the pnbllc mtezecta, u> foinian to the ttanate copies of all correspondencehe has done it once too often. [Roars of " Order," ing from New-York City. The Captains report the and laughter on the Republican benches.] H e had river quite clear from New-York to Poughkeepsie.::> the nlc* of the D«paru»«nt of SUm sot already C9m<anpi-cated,renting' tothe proposition* onmaritime lawandneutral tbeimputationsofmen[shoutsoforder]whohavenot right* by tke Congrea* at Paxis of the 16th of Ap.ll.1826.Municipal Elections. MARSHALL, Mich., Monday, March 5,1860.but is destitute ofall legal authority to make suchan engagement ? The Treaty confesses before theworld, that if ratified, it must be sustained byAmerican bayonets, because of the inability of Jua-rez and his party to fulfill their obligations. W eaTe asked to play the part of Louis. Napoleon to thePope, and to support a dynasty which is incapableof supporting itself, even if placed in possession of negative position—-if it means an enlightened and power. What is this but establishing a militaryIi;iIftitPIi':. ti iiII•i1 Hii ii1ti•>{1 Ii••£1&.i 6I 181"I1I.better keep his tongue silent. I d«eire (in stentorian toD*») to vote for this- investigation if there is any rea- son for it- If they will give me names on their re- sponsibility IwSl vOte for it, but I will not vote for any dirty, lying insinuations that are sent here • uponFrom Poughkeepsie to this place there is considerableice. Boats will continue t o r u n place to New-York from this date.• "regularlyfrom thisgeneral terms._ - •Mr. COBB (Dem., Ala.)—I vote A ye, for if my Democratic Ratification Meeting. may bo numbered.Bates of Missouri, who, born to the heritage of Slav- ery, and swathed from bis cradle in the prejudices in favorof theslave system, yethadthemoralkentoMr.HALE(Rep.,N.H.)moved to amendthatthe thepopsapeoftheresolution,whichwasseconded.claims shall- not o© paid out of any money in theTreasury,without^mappropriationismade. He Mc.NOELL(Dem.,Mo.)desiredtoofferanamend- directorshipoftheprivatestockholdersoftheBalti- Men,"isdeservingofwidecirculation. Itisoneof•part,wehavenodoubt,wouldbeexpendedeitherinthought'itunwise,forCongresstogiveupitspowerto ment,whichwasruledoutoforder.The resolution was adopted without a division.moreandOhioRailroadtotwenty-three, thus giving them a controling influence over the State and. city-jthe most instructive of the many speeches delivereda free African colony somewbere^outside of oux borders. years ago, twenty years before the present Republican This wijl be making use of the money of the Commit-The Haitimore a n d Ohio Railroad.large*amount to gome one of the many phUauthropia objects to which be is devoted. A part be will per> haps give to the Temperance Society, but the foresterBALTIMORE, Monday,March5,1860. The State Senate to-day passed a bill increasing theThe speech, of Mr. .Grow, on Wednesday last, in defense of the policy of " Free Homes for Freean Emancipationist in practice years before the greatlights of tbe "Republican party," such as Mr. SewardandMr.Chase,hadelevatedthegroundsofemancipa-tionintoillustriouspoliticalprinciples!. Why,twenty therescueoffugitiveslaves,orintheestablishmentofany Court. Mr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) offered a joint resolu-Afterdiscussion^theamendmentwaslost. tionthatfivemillionsofdollarsbeplacedatthedis- directors.' ':.;.<•;•:.,•'•:.-;•>:>'^'••^\\'inCongressuponthatsubject. Asanintroduction partywasformedorthoughtof,EdwardBatesheld teeinawaynotmuchtotheirtaste,outitwillnotbeThe California Overland Mail stage, with regular Death of the Attorney-Oeneral of nia, New-Mexioe, and Utah, has acquired, exclu- mean even something more than the non-extension of San Francisco dates to the 13th, and telegraphic ad-vices to the eve of the 14th of February, passed this station about nx>n to-day.Maine.BANGOR, Monday, March 5,1860. The Hon. Geo. W . Ingersoll, Attorney-General ofsive of water, 1,450,000,000 acres of public land. Of these, there have sold, 147,088,274 acres; while there Lave been granted and donated to individuals, companies, corporations, and States, 241,770,052 acres. This leaves undisposed of, and now in the possessionoftheNational Government, one thou-Slavery, and something more than a protest against the institution iteelf as a "relic of barbarism V Does it mean, also, a positive vindication of Free Labor, as theonlyhonestagencybywhichamanmayelevateThe Republicans had held a primary election in San theHouseshould?eemtobeindifferenttoausagecoeval Francisco,fortheelectionofdelegatestotheState Maine,diedthismorninginthiscity.with ourGovernment,and dignifiedbysom*ay his- Convention,atwhicha majorityin favoroftheHon. torical recollections. He therefore offered a resolution Wm. H . Seward were chosen.«TroopsfortheTexan Frontier.himeelf in society ? Then what ia the record of Mr. them to select the first of that month. He adds that:But a few *sle* have be«n made from the late arrival*. Hold-er*' views are above those of buyer*. Candle* are weaker;»»lea at 20c•#>-». Coal i* $ 17 # tun for Anthracite. ^Moss Senate. The Administi-ation has exerted every in-age,gland. Allow to a family of five persons a quarterthat I mention here . the particular fact that the wife of Mr. Bates, a South Carolina lady, has home him in their long married life seventeen children, eight of whom survive. Consider these two families,Pork in firm, without sales. Bacon ha* improved A cfor J . H . k. Co.'*. Butter drooping. Sugar* weaker;12ic Domestic Spirits easier. Brandy, 46®47ic "Whisky, 47^0.SaEed, ship Black Hawk, for Caliao.LATJSST—By Tclcproph to Fresno City.SAN FRAN Cisco, Tuesday, Feb. 14—b p. m.section of this land, and it would make 3,125,000farms, with a population, dwelling immediately uponthem, of nearly sixteen millions. Add the usual pro-portion of numbers for the non-agricuitural popula- Sir, the White and the Black, that Mr. Bates has pro- tion—the merchants, mechanics, manufacturers,guardtoLangleyandtaken twomenprisonersand conveyed them over the boundary line to WashingtonLard, 1 4 c Crushod,fluence for this purpose, regarding it a s an achieve- ment which ma(y possibly redound to the credit of the President, and in some measure redeem the blunders, follies, and corruptions of the last threegraph of tbe 11th inst.Tbo marlieTs are without change.A bill was pasted by the Legislature yesterday trans-feiring dueling cases from the Court oi Sessions.to the District Court. This act has special -reference to Judge Terry's case, who*e trial is about to take place in the San Francisco Court of Sessions for killing Senator Broderick. Thisisagreatpointgainedtowardhiswhichdisgraces theprofessionofjournalism hereThe schooner F i r WeBt sailed from Honolulu on the all of which have, to a greater or less extent, aaward with manly pride and fraternal sympathy.'Mr. Bates may not be the man to lead the Republi- ment throughout the South. A ad if the PharisaicalKEW-ORLISANS, Monday, March 5, I860.The steamship Habana, from Havana on the 1st who can have no inducement for opposition butthat for many good reasons he should be, not the leastint>t., arrived here to-daV. ' . ThesteamerBaltimore,fromBaltimore,arrivedatHavana onthe29thult.Sugar was steady at 9^ reals. The weather con-tinued unfavorable for the new crop. The stock was 90.00 boxes, against 140,000 last year.honest conviction, are capable of talcing sides against a combination which haspolitical powerand money to recommend the ratification. In discuss- ing the merits of this important question, which in many aspects is among the gravost presented lor a quarter of a century, considering the conse-is because he is not identified with tho Republican par- ty, and is no fit representative of its principles. B y putting aside Mr. Bate3 on such grounds, tbe Republi- can party would be doing a grievous wrong to iteelf,—It i*s stated that Alfred L . Dennis, Vice-Presidentof the "Naugatuck (Conn.) Railroad Company, is nego-cates in and out of the Senate, have labored for the same end, in the expectation of reviving the dilapi- dated fortunes of that broken concern. The claim- ants as&inibt Mexico, who expect to appropriate the two millions provided by the treaty, have been ear- nest in their endeavors. TheJuarez faction, who are to receive two millions "imme- diately," and who, through that prospect, have been able to command the regular lobby, and—An amusing occurrence took placo in the Now—The steamers General Miramon and Marquez of quences that are threatened by an abuse of power, and every one in the House, with a single exception,Sunr ,y*ide residence on the Hudson.Havana sailed for Vera Cruz on the 27th ult., under the Mexican flag. It was reported that they were both purchased by Santa Anna to aid Miramon to seize Voralhave preferred to treat it with reference to its was for the homestead. Of all the Representatives of and a flagrant iijustice to one of the most illuatrious- -Mre. Senator Thompson of New-Jersey was theCruz.CHAKUKSTON, Monday, March 5, 18*50. St. Andiev^'sHallinthiscity has been securedbypublic asp«cts, and to keep out of view individual the Slave States, but three in the House voted for it; interests which aro known to play an important and but two, at any time, in tbe Senate. So the Dem- part inthe whole scheme. The arguments ad-: ocraticparty,asaparty,arrayeditself inoppositionto vanced have been m et by false and base imputa- this beneficent policy. The Republican party, on thoadvocates of Human Freedom, and vindicators of the °r ly lady in Washington who braved the austerities ofpower and duty of Free Labor that thi* age has pro- I ..entrant week, by giving a dancing party. Postmas-Havana.#&0m$&**• .ter-General Holt entertained the members of the Con- tions, quite worthy ofthe mercenary crew who otherhand,is committedto thismeasurebyitsvoLea, principlesinregardtoSlaveryandFreedom. If they gressional PostOihce,Committee atdinneronThuw*EeJ^*The black crew of the British ship Avamtugo, mutinied on Sunday. One negromortally. Order was finally' • m Mutiny.was Bhot, but not CHARLESTON, Monday, March 5, 1860.•Tlie lfarlit Wanderer.Mexico," he has consented to conditions m directgion—provide for the donjon to that object of amuthaeerj} were arrested.••••.'- -- •• •www.fultonhistory.com*!yjr<«>'::v''•-• ,:• r nii'ilWWtmmssStm^m^J^vm^'Tr'r'r^rra he first and the most conclusive objection to tbeClosely connected with this subject t>f the publiclands is that of the Pacific Railroad.' A ll the billsrestored when all the treaty is that Juarez has no power whatever to that have been introduced this session, intended towm ^^•'^i)nferrea extraordinary powem/m Cornonfort,n '•m'•BSBBSHii®k4 systemonwhichtheyard*areorganized,andnottoa hewaswillingtolethiacolleague(Mr.Covode)state,,fieriesofnewbills,which,sofirascorporatesare anyimpliedauthority.Mr.Buchananextemporized now,asitalwayshasdone,aforlccdaspect; Le., forMr.Fremont. Butiftherebadbeensucnaticka^—-'•want of proper adniiniatrative ttients in the Head*of Department/Intheiropinton, theCcmmaodant ehould^e oonadered in the same position as if in com- mande£a«bip-ifhecould,anysinglegronndonwhichhebaBesit. concerned,arecalculatedtoembarrassthebillsre-["Order.Order!"! ported. Thenewbills,itisunderstood,will,placethepower in the hands of the Controller to disposeof Mr.COVODE—Imovetosuspendtherules toad- routestothebestadvantage.bini aa a President for the occasion, just j»s the. BritishcaughtanIndianinNicaraguaaadcaTriod hftn> over to Jamaica and crowned him King of tbe Mosquitoes.usuallyembracedinthesamebilLIt is doubted in some quarters whether either aHomestead, or a Pacific Railroad bill, canpass thisMr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.)said there was no use• inrcading the resolution, for he objected to it, thoughroad bills reported by the Assembly, have ^prepared athority, the sanction of any usnge, or the result ofand especially in the Senate, the project assumestwolines,oneaSouthernandoneaNorthern,are andMr.Batesbadvotedforit,itwouldhavebeenA »#gi.The privilege or authority granted to the master mit the resolution.workmen of aeJecttog their own mechanics, has lei Mr. TJNDERWOpD, (Dem., Ga )—Irise to a pointthemInto"theerrorpfattemptingto.governthemin- oforder. ItisnOtinorderforanygentlemantopro-dependently'of the executive authority of the Board; pose this vague, loose sort of investigation. It is the and thfe has been productive of much disorder. B s- duty of the gentleman offering such a resolution togi<jesmastermechan'.c.Khavebeenoverruledintheir »tatiithegroundsuponwhichheoffersit.Ifthegen- lutionpetitioningCongresstograntmemasemi- *'Republicareauthorizedtoactfortheirprotec- a4thepresentsession.convictions of honesty to tne Government by outside tleman will state, upon his responsibilitv, that he weekly mail, running through in'ten days: ,]'^ leaders ofthe great Opposition army thai will mowinfluence. TheInvestigatingBoard recommend"knows,erhasbeeninformedandbelieves,"thatoffers AresolutionpassedtheHouseoftheMissouriLegis- "'tion,witlioutsuchconsenthavingbeen"previously thisyearagainsttbetrainedbandsofaveteransttbdf that {the yards be under strict military rule, and the of bribes have been made, nobody will object to the lature yesterday, instructing, the Committee on Inter-1 1 \ entertained.''1 W ho IBto judge of this '' unfore- MPw BATES VINDICATED AS A REPUBLICAN. despotic Democracy.l,;• ''-" •;,;;.,. :. »-,-^.,-,.-Youhavenowthe"groundsonwhichtprotestagainst Minthe:exceptional,case,however,ofunforeseen oftheRepublicansisclear. Itistheirdutytosup- anysecondarypositronbeingassignedtoMr.BateaFrom St. lionls.In the 5th article of the treaty it is stipulated^session. Ottersaresanguine ofboth. Thepolicy port both these measures, in good faith, and withCommandant alone be held responsible for a faithful resolution. But I do object to these charges against nal Improvements to report a bill to complete the''Pa?, " seen or imminent danger"? The whole discre- CBrrewpondenc©ofTheN. Y.Trlbnno.Now, a word or tw o to the editor of 3%e & Y* Courier and Enquirer, who, in h% unfair opposition: to Mr. Batep, " bolting nis nomination in advance,"performance of duties of all those under his command. the Governments insinuation. cific Baurosd to Kansas City. tion is placed in the hands ofarmy officers, to whom Themaster-workmenshouldbenominatedbythe TheSPEAKERprotempore(Mr.Colfaxinthe AIEO,aresolutiontoselltothehighestbidderthe thepowertomakewaristhussubstantiallycom- Commandant,andappointed,bytheSecretaryofthe chair)—TheChairoverrulesthepointoforder.The NorthMissouriandIronMountainandtheCairoand mitted. WearenottolaycomplaintsbeforetheNavy,afterastrictandcareful examinationintotheir argumentofthegentlemanfromGeorgiawillbeappro- FultonRoads,theStatebiddingthefullamountofher MexicanGovernment,ortodemandjredress,butto moral,physical,andmechanicalqualifications.The priateontheresolutioniftheHousesuspendstherulesloanstothesaidroads.Intheeventofthe8tatebe-marchtroopsandtakesummaryredress.Withan master-workmen to he directed to nominate to the to receive it. coming the purchaser, the roads are to be organized army tw o thousand miles off, and only periodical heads of their respective departments - the men to be Mr. FLORENCE—I rise to a point of order. For under one n»me, the directory^ to be chosen by the' employedby*them.TheBoardmakeotherrecom- thereasonmentioned:bythegentlemanfromGeorgia, State,andspeedilyconnectedbyrail,orinfrfheevent meansofcommunication,itiseasytoseewithWASHiNGTorr, Saturday, March2,1860. Eveyy candid man in the country must admit thatthatthereisavague,indefinitesomethinginthat- thattheCairoandFultonCompanywillnojclettheir whathazardssuchunusualdiscretionmightbeat- resolution. I object to it. [Laughter, and cries of road go by sale, the North Missouri and Iron Mdujotain tended.. W e were driven to the very brink of war " Order."] I will not sit in my place quietly when Boads be connected under one organization, and ex- with England by the rashness of Gen. Harney, and such innuendoes are leveled against good, nonest men. tended to the Mississippi River, below freozing point. .although the Administration promptly receded from Judge Amy. Hyatt came, it is Bald, voluntarily to Shouts of ** Order," from the Republican members, Two dwelling-houses, a stable, and a slaughter- -that error, it did so only because the Washington,andwillappearbeforetheSenateduring andtheChair. ,.. house,onMorganstreet,belongingtoJohn8.Chowant 'British Government had the power and the thisweekandsubmitfortheirconsiderationanargu- Mr.COVODE—Mycolleagueisawarethatthein- andoneortwoadjoiningbuildings,wereburnedyes- willto resent it. The feebleness of Mex-cureunanimity:anda>HappyresultofMaodeliberations courseitispursuingwiJS'certainlysucceed.But as a friend of Edward Bates, lhave somewhatagainst T H E TKIBUNE. 1 will easily conviaee youthatyouhavenc4doneMr.Batesjusiice"inadmittingmendations,clearlydefiningthedutiesoftherespective officers.den,orany'man whodidnot supportFremontin18561 But that, if either of the gentleawn named shall be> wiLdng to accept tbe Vice-Presidency on the Repub- lican ticket, t h e editor will cheerfully grant i t . "ment of his counsel to show that the resolution of that body requiring witnesses to attend to summonses of the Ijrape-tigating Committee is unconstitutional*vestigation is to include the Navy-Yard. terday morning. Loss $12,000; fully insured. ^ ico would not protect her against any such en-thatanymanin"thenationio-morethoroughlythanhe Now,aprincipleisaprinciple—nomore,noless—and' a representative of the principles of the Republican the grade of tbe office in this case no more affects tne*party. Your language on this eubject has been abeut virtue of the principle than the amount of the taxationST. LOUIS, March 4,1860-2„, . andbythepurchaseofLouisiana,Florida,Califor- lusterofMr.Bates'sposition—DoesRepublicanism;.-.From this sketch it appears that theFederal Government, by cessions from the original States,used much stronger language. One's mind is lost in the contemplation of the teeming myriads of people who could dwelt happily and contentedly uponthisimmensedomain. Rejecthalfthis landsent to Liberia, to be what he really is—a missionary of civilization and Christianity among the heathen tribesofhiskindredrace. WhileMr.Bateswas doingthisworkofHumanityforadependentclassbytlement, the soil as good, probably, upon the aver- ing and educating one of the largest families of hisforagriculturalpurposes,asthatofNew-En- ownthatGodordinarilygivestomen.Excusememexeformality,,foritcouldhavebadnoeffectWhat-i.4^-* everonthecanvas*inthatStatehathatyear.• '>' 66•• ••'•••ii,then Mr.Seward orMr.Chaseshouldbethenomi- SupposethattbeeditorofTheCourier and1Euquirtr' neeatCiiicago. But'ifthereisdoubtofsuccessin shouldvindicatehis"principles"byrejectingMr. '.-:.'' or imminent danger to the lives and property ofThe Legislature of New-Mexico have passed a reso- " citizens of the United StateB, the forces of said the intent of succeeding in both, if that be possible, licanism. I advance him, to tho foremost rank of theagree to sacrifice principle dy accepting as a candi- oftheNatianalRepublicanConventionatChicago,the datefortbePresidencyeitherTJates,Belf,orCritten?*Yet the Constitution, under which he claims to be presenting purely Republican candidates, then it Bates as a candidate for Freaident at Chicago, andl"FREE? GROW SHOMESSPEECH—THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.FOR FREEMEN"—MR.for the gross and unworthy end of obtaining possession of the offices of the Government.Let me ask you in what particular Mr. Bates is not as truly snd purely a representative of the principles of the Republican party as Mr. Chase, or Mr. Seward himself? I understand that the .cardinal principle of the Republican party is opposition to the extension of Slavery over the Territories. Mr. Bates has stood upon that principle always, and as unswervingly as any man in the nation. H e has opposed, and does op- pose, the Slavery propagandism of the Democratic party as sternly as Mr. Chase, Mr. Seward, or anywere so immaculate and inviolable that a man like M r . Bates, grown poor and gray in- their self-eacrificing- practice, amid a gainsaying world, had been immolated-' at Chicago to appease their rigorous demands 1 I wil- lingly leave the public to its judgment, as between tha course of T H E TUIBUXE and The Courier, in the mat- ter of vindicating the principles of Republicaniam.. A MISSOrjRI EMANCIPATIONIST.POLITICAL.—A special edition of one of the Hon. Abraham Lin coin's speeches has been printed, and 50,000 copies of i t -been poor—too poor to be a politician and an office-seeker—toopocrto occupy seats in Congress and inCabinets, which he had the opportunity to occupy, butdeclinedbecausehehad"worktodo,"andcouldnotsteadpolicy. This ho does with a researchthat affordto.holdoffice? Letanycandidandtrue-hearted ingthathisexamplebefollowedbyihoentirebodyofproves that he has thoroughly examined it, and a man in the world consider the relative eiforts of Mr.heartiness that shows that his whole souf is ab- grave and reverend Senators. The resolution.was laidsorbed in it. His speech, like the subject-matter it Bates, Mr. Chase, and Mr. --Seward, toward effecting a on the table, amid a terrific explosion of laughter, expounds, exhibits inharmoniousproportionsthe wiseandChristiansolution ofthegreatproblemof whichcouldnotberestrained,tholobbiesrelishingthepublic domain would sustain a population of forty or fifty-millions!rumor having obtained currency that tho. wife of the Senator from Burlington had recently presented him with triplets, a resoluiion was pre&onted, tendering- himthecongratulationsofhispeers*andrecommend-principles of a far-seeing statesmanship, and the Human Slavery in our Government, and the compara-Territory. The Victoria newspapers were highly in- representation to secure it a partial hearing, and to teachings of a warm humanitarian philosophy. T o tive trying circumstances of their individual relations —The Montgomery (A la) Mail of Tuesday lastby notorious venality, have spared n o pains o r mis-.joke equally as keenly as those within the ^ar.censed at this new infringement of the rights of the British Government. ,"'««••_Dates from the Sandwich Islands to the 28th of Januaryarereceivec. ,•The Russian fleet had sailed for Cronstadt via V al- motives impugned and his action assailed by the to promote, and, on the other, to oppose this wiseconciliate support.Every man who has protested against tho policywhat object can our public domain be dedicated sonoble, so beneficent, as furnishing homes for thetoit,andmywordforjt, hewillhail Mr.Bates asa very Paul among the apostles of Repubficanism—the true Jeftersonian Republicanism, which it is the desire and purpose of the present Republican party to re-says: " Last Satarflay we devoted to the dames abarge number of copies of Spurgfton« Sermons, and the pilewasgracedatthotorvwkhacopyof Gravesa Great Iron Wbeol,' which a Baptist friend presentedenter into any such arrangement, and although pro- promote this enterprise, as we'A as all that havefessing to bo the "Constitutional President of heretofore been introduced—p;nd their name is le- brothers,folded inthebosomoftheirChurch a-^denjoy-,Bo*roN, Monday, Marcn lStiO. violation of the Constitution. Afl«er the Constitu- portion of the public lan'is. Wisely or unwisely, iug the benefits of its organization, refuse, the right gor, died in that oity ou Thursday. H e leave*ft l«ge1 p. m. to-day for : ThejacbtW*nd*r*rsailedat1p tionof18&7WMpromulgated,theMexicanCon. thecurrenthasalwaysrimsteadilyinthisdiree-;handoffellowshiptothialoae(Uaoinle0tithe^ground estate.';".','*..•';....'•,•;;"•;.lI4 Vl1Untitled Documenttrust that a T,tout cord may speedily find its. way round Ofwhichistiieabsolutecertaintyofhiselectionifho hiselofp-ieidthroat. Hehasprovedhimselfadirty,should be the nominee at Chicago. But if he is not low-bred • slanderer, and ought to be treated accord.^. selectedasthostandard-bearer,letitnotbesaidthatii iagb'*-•....tinsultpublicintelligencebytheirignoranceandau- inCongiofcu,byitsresolvesinStateConventions,and arenottheprinciplesofRepublicanism;somuch«or*c day '*$ '• itduced. Mr.Batesisgloriously identified,withcertainmoved, if w e should see a n y more fortuna'ce Christian—The Hon. Wm. Emerson, for upward of 50 yewia well-known and highly respected merchant of Be»-among the repfesestatives of pure and exalted Repub-tiathr g for the purchase of the late Washington Irving'a 1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069". >~:^':* ,•;<::>•• •:'.:...,:***&*xt<bii- 