 injiiHawFaad caotod a change in the bowling. Eventu- ball, which that gentleman aaeared, Bad he retwsd; of the state af%dauAt with extraardmaryI* 1., at twe bed,ever the between •rattywas piaSfiiatil aattl after aianar, by which time the raia bad cleared on, aad the weather became cmsparatively tat. The ground was to capital condition for cri ats^, aad at twoi o'clock P. M. the Stow York Chib opened She ball feyawltogei». Water aad Mephart., The commenced scoring rapidly aad saw1MB B*V«f t ^ < t - la- aver of aad again*! Vulva attw wMiteUKBatter BbtoiuMlaalamaolipB*, promthaioBliblasIIMafWart,It is:n ttr couatfy CBB fiul k>aftav '-hew AJtealttoa cannot be reooacited witharty or .Wiiww seaae aay store linn would be the denialto toterfer* with a number of unfortunate drunkenwta» w-we betoberiag *eeh ether t» UK pubttc Btreetti1Pier-if - and Neeve LMB are ratnar singularlyt h e Adelaide, fmaistlj the Aaterwaa hark A. A. Eld- the Suite to a moat Btaguiar saenaar. It aeema that Gov. ridge, tor toaae time oader Mexican colors, and kaova by Tidaarri *rote as advisory tetur to the Juarea govero- the formeraaweltotion. retoraed to tka port tost week withaarnt. «ugg"*iiBj fertaia reforms to the army aad in the the laaartean lag ay«g at her peak. Xothtog was said of this until she was ready for sea. when the author!ties,repeat, in fcarnesi, over the same course. Owtog ta .tne3dktetoat,thea new trial tot two actions, the judgawat to thej s * a..* tor it haecaatpiicaied tor number of enaaattn tatime, although there are oae or two sery abrupt turn- to ' it which aught easily be remedied. It waa to splendid conditwe, aad we were not surprised that la some in- stances time was marked so tow dawn aa 2 2 1 . About four thousand people were assembled on tine stand* to witness the race, while to the enctosare was a goodlv110.The f>r|mantowa Club lost ao time in resuming theBayard aad Davis taking bat, to the bowling of and Wilby. Davis waesnon caught by Bal aad the latter resigned the ball to Sains.•cored 1? in true crt^btttag style, aad caught by Btofeam, the wastsat keeper, off was a disputed eatcb.it being alleged thatchaadise « • the extreme penalty was the earprtorof alt when a verdict «tay,aUd:Keefltowlaad^stalUba, Ethan Allen, durst not match taeir horse^Uurd time agatoat Patcbea. after his twodefeats by the totter, anothertwo more matches--were axraaged bet ween Flora Temptobe goad?ft**} OBboarg, condemn ag the capta]„ the cantata to onegtvaa oat ftag bafejre wicket'' after scoring two singles;, depart, and be sneaeeded bvSams. the lenoaued prafea New York Qab. , Together tfeoas twe play- ers kept the ftefet buairy aBtbloyed, aad rins were•ear* iiipi-lBiwiiii Md the D M «r E a j EjUsmsi aa aad the cast af the Bait, togetherState which wen*, that BBttanai Military irhaaa be as- in the mat*arbitrary manner, detaaadsd the payment oftaaiuhrrl ail thrau: L the republic at voce for the purpose a one of 43.090 or the conitecation Of the vessel. It seems,of UFtracttog the yoath to the prdfcn ioa of t i n t Taese by the Mexican tow. BOMexican Teaaei can he aoldtoa coUactioa of carriages of everv deacriptton. Still It waswere ast to be of the bJBheat ' -r, but aisaptv foreigner. She is first to be condemned by the Mexicanvery evideat that trotting matches are by no aaeaas so popular to th. City of Brotherly Lore as to New York, sa thereisBOdoubtbatthatInwuCoaraawouldbar* *«- Beaaed tweaty or thirty thongsrid persons within itsarm. but the Impire decided "out." discharged. Decision reserved. partner Bayard bad run up the score to 41rt space of half an boor. Cadwalbvder tied bto aaare, each maktog 17. Bayard was finely Crosatoy off Hampshire, after piactog ao to his we book. Baretov made 6 to his axualfee was asmred at point by Sharp, on' rttog. When the t me arrived for drawing^ the ie eenaanvtwn players had soared m. wxh teto to g- j"v,u. The game was cousoiuemlylaantntinaw, adapted to tafaiag *at tolerably welld o i t attcsrs. to max* the pri a*«o jenawiiTiBBrteiit that wbereaer A mi. itary •ait waa *wwed, a»>Btatter what it- fane aiight be, the be aahject to rawiaBt drUL; that theyConsul, if to a foreign part, or by the authorities iftaMexica, bat the Aegean aerer be ekaaged. Tha to theCOBBUjctson of the tow, according to our present aatafnotateri, aader whtoh nawnw.iimi they now claim jura gases had this match taken pane \Jhere on the*CBBB»in a*[I be taaght k> ire t»y platooas, to order tozlweUrata aaorhaakai aha m battle; aap •bat they ehoqM be•rdird x the aayjawt eaeruwc, iat order to prepare thaaifar a naad to head eaeocater. He aino aucroated thai reawe* he awtttoted hi Ike errU ifinii—IIBI to this m- Fraactoco b>etoy. What the apshet of toua will be I am hwt, that the offioara should be fiafoed to da the work theyeapagedan do. aad thai the .fcdK-iuT ahooht be forced toJaar-z at OBO- proceeded to adopt. m*me of the ragges-' • a O '»eraar Vidaarri* owa State was oaav Prtahtem of Ike taitad States assiimw the power *arj-v,j»tedoffltoerB to regulate the ai&uri of to redress aay wrongs, real or imaginary. Tutsreturned home on the morning of the Mh.past eleven o'clock at night be went to the porterat the corner of Thirty-second street aad Peeon 1 avenue,where he called for a glass of beer. While the proprie-tor's bask was turned, deceased took a small packagefrom hia pocket and emptied the contents tato the beer,which he then draak. Aa he tamed to leave the store the foundation of the State government, a reteaue ef allIke at we be had racoauaetideU. and tvftwed u> allow the prorvdings of Congress which hare say bearraf upon p w r n a t u i aaaeera to esercise their feaetioes They the aabjrit. Hence tka toaatoace aad eoaseqeont failure ware rraw...jury forced 'to kwray aad m dtwag au they of our tojreiga commercial retotioas.aw* with U t prtoce of old grannies. Sea. Tlegollado, at •thase thtogs nerer aaaar with aa Emrlish ressel— weFlora, whaae owner pinckiiy backed h e r for a heavy stake. Hill there was a good deal of money bet at evens, both in the city aad oa the track. The judges appointed were Messrs. George Preebury, C. Lloyd and W. C. France. The representatives of the press were afforded everydiction, and threaten the omaacauoa of property which, aceordtog to the showing of the register aad documentsday of the Declaration of Independence. \_Jhere was a large delegation of V ew Y orkers preaont, the ma- jority ef whom soppwted the tittle bay mare to the betting with great spirit A great many ef the leadingUfaiAsvaoTTheld an inquest yesterday, at Behevae Bospttal, on the body of John Wax. J M.uraae, a native of Ireland, tweaty four years ef age, who termipated his existence by awal- lowing a dose of arsenic ta ajglaaa of beer, on Thursday'Bight tost. It appeared to evidence that deccawd had been oa a spree during the eight ef the 4th of July, aattThe alhdavit ef ComptroBsr Bawa was also real says that he has always bean aad atdl m of the i that a a very undesirable that there should be i strife or controversy between the State aad etty, aa I tJatttta aad theCorpnraUan, respactnig aay af aha 1B «/<a*4b American eittoeaa.Thtooccarred tost night Thebark wastobav.:i-ftfor%n citiaens of Philadelphia were also present, while Newabout the city,aad especially respecting aay toad af eat pecaaiary value. That, f storm to tog tato view. tat BBUormiy arpiraanil the desire that that <ef aha mthat itwoum be right, proper and just.amount which the city of Mew Yorkto the support of the State, directly by Irectly by the commerce centered here, for taa Stoat to) grant, to aoenrdaaiw wttk aaage eHtabtehed aver siaaathe interest which the Sfeate might or may have to aay 0 he said, '•Thai IBthe last of ass; I have uken poison." lands between former grants aac the permaaeat exterior 15 The proprietor af the store detained him and sent for a ltoe of ihe city, a* established by Uw. without callingaaabto to gay. The matter has beea placed tn th« hands of theOKsol.whe.I am toatomial, toeto toasty todlgnant at the coaaact of three people. The onmiaandera of onr s e a eels of war dare not lake any leauuuslbflities, nor can theJersey seat forth her son.- by hundreds to witness, as they fully anticipated, tee champion trotting stallion of their State again snatch the laurels of victor y from theH the score of the g a m e - saw voua.e. ?PewhaH b. Kepbart hit wicfcetb. F. WiavcrBampechje1.b w. b.F.Water Bams b. Barclay.Wilby,rub oat..Bray c. aad b. Largen ghara a. HsrctoyCrossley o. Bayard b. Barclay nttlocnu. h S M t eSpirey bj Large.Balltere, hot outByes, fi; (eg byea, 1 wides, 6.might be settled saucably aad by a compromis- I the parties concerned if iroeb compromise coald b e e tCaahuJa aad > k. ivu lcoo.aft^r a {*=shioc raeotaotended they -fbJty naderstaad, ' Bad aewar matt aa op mente on him. The odds of tlOO to $90 on his winning by abnrrraor \ a«BTi. whareapoa(the latter revoltedfroat porumity to pahhak all the dohatm aad the were freely bet, aad aa freely taken by the frteaaa oftaapica, whea they add their grievaacee before him. newer hear of them ikoagiiat tato Baoaaeat. there areMm ctmimaader at chief of the vrmfr of the republic, he at three M.-XM UI Teasels on the coast Hying the Raglish col- courtesy and focihty for the proper discharge of their•are. wtvh -eal afciKaa* leapcdeare aad effroaterj-, pro- ors. the owner* of which wWely deemed their property outlet), aad the absence of the popular proprietor of the eeoaed to declare the eatire State nader aaarttai law. more eeeare under the fngltoh Ja^k thaa v.. i>.*r elther track, James Kelly. Baa.. who was confined to hto bed byThe Legsiat'ire of Ooaaoila and Knera I^eoo was called the Mextoaa or Ameraaa itog. Noibiag, ttj#ever, will severe lilaess, waa a subject of general regret t»all. BBJIUIIBI BaaaedBTdaty by OoTerBor Vidaorri to exu-aor- erer be said to them.tetai.... ....#*•.....•••....•••••....»...*•••.••.ttu daaaaarows.Suliceman, who took deceased to BeDevoe Hospital, where for the paymeat of any sum whatrver. aad thus to aettto) o died about fiv c o'ciock en Thursday morning. He re- and fiaaily dispose of all questions sad <peatedly stated to hie attendants at the Hospital that he th« cay and State. rJepoaeat has at ranoas tuneseaaary maadto, fkat. u> detcrmmd who had b&to elected Sxrvernm' to the electiee wtich had just closwd, aad ae eaactly to coaaeaar what was a> ha deae to Uefaflhera. The Legfchuare met, counted thedeabwed Ttdaarri ehsaaed. % aeat proeeadeaathat the aaeuua*eat of I^taaleat iaarez had ao rwht to appotot oftjcers far the mate,, aad that flea Drgol- hata had .aw rwrikt ta laterfere ta a errilaad nb,ect. U.e Suae to Koruai law. TJua notJfiag Ow awaawetB. khay jpt• r a t of Vera OCT. to make treaneiii m aad they meat particoiarlp daalad afiTirtaeai adity to the Mclaae aad ucamp* treaty. Thja kaftfkate to a ccadttton of remrct*on. and to order toaha imntg nnj Tamarri wegeetatl that he bewith exttaerdiaar"- pow• rf to g # e r a the State while themod" a-1jowraed. *aV aatrtotp refaaad b> do of the sort, aad tit* broagkl the two parttat i tei frax, aad waeaarattera qwae to such a crisis ini hatter make for the wweda :.Ikp laayhthaare acderateo i Its rlatwa. aad aB haaaV patfur the mentntaiaa. to a small tows called liaaiMia, they orjfeEMcd Ik* l#f iaiauir* anew, proeeedrd to Seaer Aramberrl as floreroBT IB pkwe of Ttdaorr:,ThaisMexieaagratitBda. White the Englisk are at this moi^ent yadsttog their territory, aad hare within the six months heaped all meaner of indignities apaa i, cowed taem, inmill r d thasa, forced them to apoto- gtxeiand salute consuls, aad, to fact, treated them asai0 17 0jury rendered a verdict to the effect that deceased came to his d<wth by '-Arsenic, taken for the purpose of awl destruction." Deceased was a single man aad resided withplkafe that ehd. and haa repeatooly eakjeamd the i that iftfeeStote would aaake sash a release U desirable for the city to accept the same aad toJfodeltf.-e,efc..afc.'it waaP. £.—€ive Batter's "Tiives of the Faint*" to Jane Donnelly: also Moor*'; peens. U .tone does aot accept the States, aad comprising the most present them to aay tr.ettd. lutrick Marley. Tell Pat•paBdeac* Texas, JOBS 27,1860.a / fas CVabmC>rpora«o»—FU&tutvrs—Capt.K1GITTBKN agfeUBCAK €BJCfeWlB8—BS8P1.T OF TWE rmsr Biv's TUT, arc.Gaajan Borss, rhitodelphia, Juiy 5. 1S6Q. Oa Wbdnesdaw, the 4th, the annual cricket match be- lagttea ptayers aetected from the variousenough of me to accept ofJthem, give them to Patrick Barley. If there are any debts contracted by me whtoh I have not paid, please to pay them, as I have not practi- cal common sense to understand what I am toying to write.The aaae ttaads adjourned to Saturday.Americani registered at ttfe Ooanaary, ta rtorto, week eadtog Jaaa XL ltgtv-E. I. Kingson, J Zegtoma, Bra. 8. akaUsagias.MawC & Nicho- las. Dr.C. T. Russell. C.W. Chauucev. Mr. D. D. Howard,Mr. and Mrs. C. Bellows and two children. F. V. Baughwoet mat twe attorns, T. W. Byroa, Miss g. A. Byroa, C T. Oraucfe, R. Gibney, C. G. Unkltog. £ Xayter, W. P. G. MUls, Mis A. T. lady. C Broruass. D McDnagaB and flnatly and nnrse, Joaenthal, Morn Held, Mew York; A. U WUltom- son. Washington; H. B. Benners, inutadetohia. C. H. Blakeman. New Orleans: C. H gnelieb. John B Hamricfe,Ceagreas of the Caited Hates, to oaaaiderad as a measure of g n a t goad to the place ami of much importance tocommerce. Hitherto the Custom House has been at Point half a length in advance. Just before reaching the half aad deahwed the tatter, depuaed. In met they revotaaian- Isabel, and car merchants were, coBseqyently, thirty mite pole, rtotehea waa carried off his feet, aad beforeJIT DEAT. iloTHxa—The uev!1 himself ua« noeaesTior ofme. I ha ve disgraced yoa and atoo one wL ..m 1 calcula- Phttodeipha; In. K. Brown Boston; T. N. Baaaa, Newtoed, aad to-day CuaLsua and Satvo Leoef not. aary aund to the poatoiee ef a rebel igiiaat tto p^eraawat, Baaaa a aaatety at war la usetf a* to few that rebeUwu shouldToe ase. therelbrt.ttat dght-os a chrome aatt that every diAsraaw of opmam mhat to be aettled by the sword, i1B the meaMtoae VldaaiTt r5 bp» wrR-Tavd to mrh mat-hicb It the national game of Eag'.aad, at basebaB a of Aaiertoa, has aot beea very many years natu-ralised to this osuntry. but has already become exceed- Jane xeV her that I go to my early grave a drunkard, andiagly pdpular. In Phiiiidelphia eapecially has it most If my bieattogiis of any value to you and her both of you absent from Washington is Arkansas.Etronglyj eatabQaiied itself, and a tuve nraaher of clubs ar«- welcome to tlte bat wotds- of your faithful but v.t OL Major A. B. Bowman aad Lieutenant A. F Bond Caitedter* ta be htto, aad he at oaee proee-jded to msoat tu trifhi bower. On. Ja** Zoiuaa. :-*'!th plenary power t booee.Where ttte police toaareerate all tipsy mdrridiatis:take the anaf aad c ; uiuas tlw» ••raaeatly lawyers wh hare lathered to the B*ou.ntauoc.' Joaa 2mz.nn. a lean-, paiefared mwste dealer. v:;p to BhufT* to ai! surfe aatt- teaa,alway<' prompt whea the bptttog to tow. Jmapad at thetab,butdeclaredthatbemogthavesomemotteyto da Ike tfcmg with—to.: eaakt am kmreh wlkaout a ••atroag bea.'' Vidwtm tusuauj datnred a for-ed kwA ofthe bakers, draymen aad water carriers are watchedsuictly, to prevent tham from practkiag extor-tioa mt their customers -. aad the police arc their confldenee m him. as they were sanguine he could ph» plavers alt some wh are ful'y equal to any of the Tiealth for sooit UBK past, kiul wae mtuih gi vea to hii. of near losing her life, was paraiysis of the lower liatta. aetrreaademetoat. ThemereaatRecomsanityhave winthenextheat,aadequallysoofhisabilitytoout Eagltehi)layeratoter.cketingskili. AmongthenfMesflr ni'^hncholy. OnTbursdayfafternoonh<*callednpona TheseizuretookplaceonSaturdaytost,atherboussto agreed that Iks City Council shall levy a small export and torn the mare. There was no b^uinr;. however, as <*very Walter McwhalLg. Ttor^y, Kephart and J. Wistor 3t.ind r •-•Hdjbor and toM him mat [he tovi i«st taken tea grains Eighth street, ami for two days bat slender hopes w .re rapurt tax on goads for the purine of supporting th>* po oae se*-med acai<ms to await the result of the second heat most roarutenoeji. of morphine. -Soon afterwards deceased fell Into a devp entertained of her recovery. She u*near, however, oon-aa- pat a heary hmA,.« them larrow terfery from oar totowaat Han Jaaa. aad it a ii ai^be right.''a>*r?bedy bereidioute tuaowa who these frveada are. far Vi-,.la«rr: has doctored htmaca mat the fbreigs mer- chants were of sacu on an „n>;c anaracter that be .»ant*-: to nee tfceec all diiTcrc oat of 'toeNemtrr Twi mar there- tore fiBr-atote that flee taenia has been after the fer«.'tga- «rswithkagbili*.*ndth».:.prohabUu'.>:".uitbebar rawed all UatMuJbw of the partxator •'*fTjec<tor of tm flf lea*I Vidaarri.the bowung of Provoet and Davw. The former was mat.ae an erklenee of the hitter htstitity in thi.-r chantry t>>Meatoah Cuogreas.. Ta»» treat;-, -any? the ^slaitrtider, is execrated « IteiM,flc^iaas, May 1, i960.Oarva>i, aad aa he still expresses a anUtogaess to p;:,:h •of Tamaullpas, why t spcoatotoaa aWajaatoa withthat inagainceat atOTemeai.heat. Those gentiemci. "wero of opinion that, she had not rained any advantage to consequence, but rather suttered from the break up. To^atiafv Mr. Hall, they appointed two genttentfto to go over to the Ikr side to withese wba\magnincen!. u; was also their bowling. The fieidias of Boweapd Crcely.oii the American side, waa ospecialiy worthy of notice.The fiiret innjagf closet a little after four o'clock, aniMyer, of the "Coital States Army are atopptag at the Fifth Avenne Hotel-The Law Faculty of the Cairersity at Jena, to (tot G r a m ! D u c h y o f S a x e W e i m a r , B a n t a a r . h a v e c e n i e r r e d ear Horace Dreaser.of fifefe ctty, ttte degree of Doctor ef La wa.were unable to and any ctoe to the burglara. Aarceiy anight elapse? nowthat aomf half a dozen hcusea are aot preheated the Hun. Robert C WiuUu-wa, af Boston, aad entered by thieves, and the police rarely succeed in ar- Meter J. G. Barnard1 of the corps of the fsgtoaera Cfeitot resting the perpetrators, unless, perchance, they aec- StotosArnry.dentairy stiimrite upon them. <>ne half of tbe burglaries Alexandre Dumas, the eek- rated Piaai ii wriur, hat committed to tfeto city art never ma ;•> pnbla.% for the joined tieri'ueld: at Paiernio.poUoc carefttUy cdnc'sai the facts :'rom the reporarrs. ei.i-i-pt to such caw? where ec arrest i« made and ttte officer Mr. J Lothrop Mottey, the American author, rece.red can base an opportunity!of seeing hm name in prat. the honorary degree of V. C L at the tost Oxford eeat- This'system id*seeresy is ehtir»»ly wrong—ihc more light memorauoc. Amongst the rautors Brcsent waswhere their goods bad to be entered ertoos aoaoyaaoe to trade.Tollman could get him well down, the mare had placed three lengths between them. The half mile was done to ijOBij. and the three quarters in 1 4b. With this totervated should become my wife. If you should ctkuic*' to deeOrleans.Mr. Greenwood, the Commiaaioaer of Indian Affairs. atHERALD, SATURDAY, JTJLY 7, 1860.-TRIPLB<*».+-•toaa:were matohed,amoraey, BuaaBAatog s m van o^oace • • » ' a charging toejary. said that u was their II,I11—lilaa lbs 1st U anrl Ent th' tow, -m1 afett it wasnot"many hoeraatoce he hag beea told by a juror to acausa the paaaJty was too great: the jurors had assaaaed the autboriV) of the Judge; and if any jarar had rafted a verdict because be atoapproved of the pumsoment.betovi beea aaitop ef taa aroat oet laarate peapt^y. ia tasa car*. he bad rbaags' ttte jury, aa dearly as he cou,d, to deal with the tacts and not the law; but they ha.! arrogated to aVmsetv«sto deal with the law, and any jury who did Ifeat was gaifey e^pettery, ptattory of which rofartiiaalery be could not be convicted, but none the tewabaoiute moral perjury. Bence be said ttte to the jury that they had no thing to do wttfe ito ponnHyofthalBw; the jury am i atoi-have been committed, and the accused to have commit ted it. <•< '.The jury retired, aad not having agreed at the rising of the Court, the Judge darestod that tf Bbay did fat agree before ton o'clock, they should be locked up for the night.rna nruocv^HS rmuTEKUiit.In. tke Matter a/ Aamwa //.yet.—Mewsrs. Brady aadywithtak*u from the vfatei,** ttw-thneof few aetartre, wa» aBIIMII lali liiiitotoiag BOM- w * c y h ilaaftag to the was Park. Pbitodelphta, tar tMO a•el or to Miami. Lea*. Sherwood fe Co , of Sen Francisco.That w»e placed to the collector'» efltoe, awaiting the ad •rst waa at mito heats, beat three to. t i e , to ally Pharp gave a chance to Walter New.rtth aflil charges eof the .c,9o0u11r1t1. Among; othber arttetojharness, and was set down for the 3d tost. The toristic cupidity of his profession flu Wcxlbo'i. wittvwu second waa for a similar amount, at two mile heatsjadwattaa of the caae. The Judge Q) with the charac swJttag tSpreanat the bill ef eoate to the v e e r ' s coo"amees, beaded a poaae of soldiers, entered the Custom ,brakeopenthesafeaadhalp'dblinnIftothe it of baafoes. Tb*oaasajaew<of theve:'aaal, fnshaeuedto toe teat amai great applause for hie fune dtoplay of sctoattae cricket. Bto score ef 21 cnaprwed t w e threes, three twos aad the balance In singles. Wilby waa run out before he bad an opportunity of ^eortug, the ball be- ing beautifully aefcead by Bayard at point. Bray made a splendid forward drive on Large, but that gentleman,at th-se iteary proce HlamtaUuntil the following viay, and it accordinglyhare travelled oat of all roles of tow and commoainterest felt la this important matcbtired for a stogie. Cresstey aad Sams now got together, and some fine cricketing war> shown. The latter was notitoeeetotoB. H to aaatuaa to theattsaulty < At the Matter of TKM. Dtneawaj.—The defendant is those eases were aot tried to ito the bark noty to reach t h » rerdiet, has recommended ttte re> The morning broke fine and bright, and the mm poured turn ofCaptam Iteaiy wttk hto reasai. What the resatt down his beams with fervent power. This, however, didcharged with kifimg Jas. Quin, on board the sjoap Clay- Corporatioa the full beaeat of a review It amy be nd of until he had placed » to hto crwiit. compns- ton, tost October. After his arrest, one Lawrence Teneyck per to add that I will join yoa to the motion to openwill be it je now bard to fbrtaee. Had the Varan?•"•< -U- teaei, tin result, or rather the case. . r there woaid have beea no te.i'irt. This a not all; another ease, tf possible of a atore ag#>s> raaed akaracter, was broogtot fcatheawttoa of the Oaaaat y^terday r aad which has beea exciting much indignationmwaag all foreigaers.etained to his usual brilliait style, ^pirey made a good ed. On the examinati<« before the Coroner. Itoarniutt all the force that can be given to it by the igaltoat little mare.to do so, that they soon made him the favorite to the totting, (rem the amount aad number ef their toreat-21 o 2So 0 1 0 2f. 0 inSo confident were they to his abilityAboutshortly after four octock P. M. the bugle sounded the cote of preaaratioa, aad the twe horses and their drivers appeared on the track ratcfaea looked as fine aa a star aad hto coat aboae like aatm. He was handy cheered by the Jersey division, as his driver, D. Tatlmaa, sentBayard c. Crosstoy b Banipfihire. rwvis c. Balltere b WilbyW. Newhail c. Btoham b- Sams Kephartc. Wflbwb. Creastey CadwaUader c. «dle*pie b. Wilbv Barclay i- Sharp b. SamsLarge, sot outJ. Water b. Haaaa. Byea, ft, widea,©» had uken a done of arsenic. a> he was tired of life. The pressed the desire that an act mitht be passed to ithey, to Out most bumbe man him along the track, to open hto pipes a little. But a17 his mother at 49* Third avenue. For some time past be raise outstanding chums whtoh might haws aay togal 8 had beea to the employ of the Manhattan <*es Company. equitable fOBaaaitoa, if they could be comprnm m i tara The following tetters were found on the person of tho any reaaanable ana proper amount.ttok the hand that thaa smites them. What 13 the return tor the kindness andbay mare as she trotted slowly aad easily down the course, turning her head saucily to one side or the ether, as a* she waa iiytoa ta leeagatos ia the crowd ansae ef her ohj friends aand admirers, who had *tnck to h *r to the days ef her bygone triumphs Mar driver, McMann. wore a quiet smile of confidence on bis countenance, as if conscious of his mare being now to condition, aad '• tit to trut tor a Bum's life;"* he was thoroughly satiated that the day's trmmph would be hto owa. As we recentlv published the fall record of Ike performances ef both horses, it a unnecessary to repeat them here, aad we pro coed at oaee to the description of the racettoat B a r Ftata had the pole, aadnot until after three fetoe starts that the word ** ffe" toes given by the judges. Flora waa the first to ahow ia advance, round ag the Brat turn of the track a little ahead. They laid close together until reach- ing the quarter pole to M% seconds, when the mere to- creased the pace, aad on the tar side was rattling along,3 17deceased, and read to the jurv:— *«,' Jrotn the importaace or th* caw there at a large arrayThe new etty gwranaaeat to aetirery at work for the between theai they Bwtmg Into the home stretch, and nowgwal of the place, aad we have now what amy be eatpbati- eally termed a model corporation. The streets are kept clean drunkenness Is almost nakaown. except hi the cahvMt.atO, wfe'cfc fee ipjio.nM>d .Tiga fssairu t-> ttorrow. re- lwe. aad. this toad to amply safltoiaat to pay .all expeasea, before oflertog either to give or lake odd* on the race. i'amber front which he neyer awoke. The lury to this siderablj bettor, md H is expeeted thai by the benaciag Both sweated of! well, although the heat was overmwer OB Wttdnesujjr atoning the play cenimcaced at a qaar.aad regetatlon aaaaajto have been almost burnt down by theheat;ofthesan.t.eorge^ Gab oftht- city, played aniastiinCsat but ste,«P-iaaingsIforUbeforehewasbowledbyDavis. Sadlerwas well caught b^ Hunt off lYovosi, aft T he had made13 to bis ow* peciliafly fine «yte. ^aaiB waa caught by Coroner S-hirmer. The[body of Mooney u~as removeda/ Batbum-FdMMlaeaa* IM4MH*— Itupti CaaaitJH-JWi—8aW jPlaeeia— Wt "have the painful duty to perform of recording thts heaw. The time allowed having expired, the buf!<* and TcTjcoi; wag beautifully canght at wicket by Higuaniload SSmer~-Jt0r^fultmrt. afe•*jace my return, to ttoM port ijbare beea' ao- fi3y oocu-Btodthat, uatatHrw, I have hadlno time la drop you a tow IJMB; aad. to Ihet,Jhave to tttto to write ahaatto gfmeral enatiaaaB very~*a*r- etnator, exptrei at the residenffle ef few brother, A. J. Baam near .Marysvale, Jane s, after a brief attack. Th- attack, bew>-rer,'wafi only one efttte pbaMH of acould not clictt a reaponae. the backers of the huisenoi being willing to invest any wore even at the tempting ofter* made, and although the heavy track was consideredscoring! bv TTigfesr The ball bad been bowled and re- turned |by the long stop to the wioket keeper, who wa* about senduuj far bal! back to ttte bowler, when he sawto a greatjaBwniiw,baayaanil iwlimr ofmtfrnfr-ntHEATH OF H'txN. HK>HY T. EACH.-n-tdeu dtiu:se. of «me of the most prominent citiaeas of summonedxhe horses aad their drivers, aotwithataadiag off Baiin, before he could score arun. Haat was UsmtaKdthe nun, lor • byatrnsBserfoam tiibbes for a couple, and Jones Water, Ytiba county. Cal. Bee. Hxsar P. Bars, tote Called TBT. THUO) HXAI.—Offirrs to bet $100 to 930 on the mare a splendid batotoiac. was nnfortunately stumped withoutIInann whmh had probably Ung»rad ia hai sysiam for in his favor. Patchen had ahttiethe beat of the start, Water about to step ent of his ground, aad waiting a mo- sunt months. Be had b**n, liefor his depariore for but the mare having the inside, rounded the first turn ment. caught has to the act. and stumped him. Wilier man aad. a*'prU*easa» a£ fuLi^chl aamrhamwiy A month Waantottoe. sitg fitly tosakitod with chills aad fevnr, aad sltefetty ahead, im the upper side of the track Flora, aatOBisfeett at tfete result, as he wascte aaaaa that majht aa Bataaely and i> HtMaaa have we been 50 Shocked, at the aafecra.-ded simv gtoram _«d the djaaai*. The Y-4-:. In^liiaa ae-imiiiatotliirmnfrtandanjoyaieat Uvwiafta^betewf-e-E Kaattaa Provoat4cok.hiffilatocustody. AfeBaafeUasliPBftfthesto^eand meateaswerenecessarytosecuretoHenryhiathe prisoner's hereon jc.-t»icd the pojiceman to bis coa- the togasy. The totter atatedbut safien aabmiwritm- apmwew yec. aarrensb IVovoet. w adge Bam: was born on the Mth of Jannary, l a s . ta tht same course, and will attract an immense aaeonl.'..^. Gibbet Knoxb. iTovostX complete set vi Burglar d tool:, c-.tiut.ag of a jimmy,7 brace and bit. Cbteel, false keys, toe. An attempt, it ap- Sophia Werner tragedy, or "Barrel mystery," as at hasiaf towrtrer \aqua,has kaea vtattmthttato bir'sui.- tfee»5* ef Kentucky He *tedied tow at iextoftoe. ta to witneas this deciatog coatoat for the -uprcmacy to the awv amaU expAueaig partM* of for..i^aars, who all agree ia •fee aaaav ctoas s u a iaou. f a . I. liirboux, aaa married trotting tarf at that dwuace.• aMBsabto opiakK at the capakittt'es of the mi\, bat a: to :h.d Pbate. He ..migrated to Iowa, in lfdS, aad aettled sraauax. thai there * aa aecartty ofpeared, had barn aaade to btow opet tht safe,au4 it was been tensed,a the tortiiaatf kBaase. torn m grvea as •»>•«•. ta- Bto birth place, 18W as the year of his birth, it m sluedratlifefarsmallpartial.. Saaieaiaxnurt lattpoMBflMbal varidVatfoat] plaoers, aa vwftoaad rikh. thoagh'BOt en< to tfceir hahrrae days, and very a]There t* engaged :u Bteictowuiac With fete brotier-, i » d"r the artoaamc ef w. G Baoa IcOo.; ami was efeeasd a. detoKase to 'Mat to the €oaettt«tieaal Ceaveatsoe of K.v.a. i n l e t s hecrogedthePhtiasforCaliforBia,aadhereB»ie*BnBDee^lto^««.-ch^ of Ifee peraid. hi aaftl he was elected County Judge af Taba eonsfor Goreraor, from the aorthem aeetiaeof IfeeSaflerwarar occupied a very esBsptaaoaa paad ajaaf* aTammc. ahlrtifortoOOa=ide,naif fozxeit, mite heats. best three ia Byr, ta haraesa1 Mr* D. TaBman named George M. Patcbea. . • 2 3 SWuby<i.Sevensb.Davto Barlow j rue o t * . . . . . Bigtaua. aot a a t . . . Hudsonb. Aiken... ••••.*•• HaBks b- t t o B wByes*,, wtoesJL,aobaUl-T 12andeouuaittedfoprisonforexamtoat.on.Scsnnt* or GBASP LAECKST.—Caarie.3 Xertwefe, a aa.beantnadandaeaattbtoionacharge,theaatoreat which was aot stated; aad other eirctunstanees were mentioned which leave the tdeatiieatMB i-iaapliliteas tttox three very abe ntoved haveawmajHapa.ta*a athe seeaa eflaptoly bbtiaisi The battiag waa magaificaat, aty to inquire whether the evidence proved that crane toClinton argued a motam to quaah die indictment. Mr.came on on.the ''tilorious Fourth, thus heightening the lumping up, stopped the ball to itocareer, aid Bray re- Antbon was heard for the peepk. and the Court reserved Appeals are pending to lie mseeit and toirdnet deter Bhaaaaaaafeem aaattjag their way w thetsufif>lkPark, which to about sevea atitoa distant (rem Puiladal-phto. A very pleasant drive through a richly cultivatedCountry, and by roads free from the annoyances of du*t—thanks to the previous raiajn—brought us to the abovecoarse, t h e track is one well adapted for making fast moat efftctive. The total score of the !few fork side waseae tour hit, oae three, five twos and singles, all ob-Confessed that he committed the deed, aad he, was arreet reverse the judgateate, ao thatratcfaen pat on the steam sad gained perceptibly. but tnmare, letting out another link or two of speed, drew awnyfrom her pursuer, and crossed the jcore eix lengths to ad young Jkuieri<*tos. These have already attained a ft?rro«D tRtfaw OF a PaksKxts.—Mr. Patrick Dimoad, m Washington.vauce, the winner of the heat to 2^2 J». a pbysiciiu;. reading at No..MM avenue C, datt oa Thurs- Dr George L. Andrews has been appointed to the officed « «-rtr? SOB, JOHS. States Army: Cetoael IX Towrawaky, Kuasian Army, are The result «>t this heat was received with treaiendou.-? ligfa digree af proacteacy in the game, and pro- day evening feton the ofiects of an overduee m mprphme, of Peetmaner at Toakers, N Y . to the puce of Mm. £.ins the irst turn. She held her own until they passed 'thequarterpole,in36^'seconds,when,goingalongtheback side of the track, the horse gained perceptibly onthey clinched and both men robed ovet coord, aad wero dr."*uedbeforeaasifitancefeuidreacLthem. Thebodies w --p recovered and an tootiest held upon that of Booaey,her. aad she broke up badly, coiag some distance before Mthe Mciaae .~i>4 Oeampo trmty, the JB^fsavadur, the >>ffl- matters of national isanortaace but if 1 may be afttowaa the half mile she mas a little ahead—time 1 10'4— and at e»at bifck to the tert for seven, being eaught and tee Ferry Company have rendered themselves liable J. l»auieiK, L».,..T. Armstrong Kao,., and Mia C Cto- the third quarter was first by bail' a length. Comingemi organ of the State of Kawra Loan, deeawes that th- the privilege of spec.lai.ne somewhat, I suspect that round the turn inu> the homestretch, Hatchen began t». by St yens af Davis' bowling. Bartow showea foi p».»rnnttuig it Ito be taken acrusr wiUvit a permit mens and srii, all of Richmouo, Va, are dtoppiag at thether any advantage was derived by the mare tn her aa deiajt- ensued in U> Americans sending Johusouandbreaks. The storm, which had been approachint;, now Bayard to the wicket. The former made eight by reallyburst over the track, and the rein, descending to torrenW,robbed of aboat t2D0 to aibO worth of wearing apparel.The burglar} was committed at an early hour tn theevening, white tbje famliy! were sirttor ta ttte. parlore.The police, with their saual brightoess and aagacity,speedilj rendered the track for the third heat exeeedtoglyTtojieiil Tun IIIBBI 1In a fine bail from the same bowler,At (toees Victor** Levee aa toe SXh Jmas Mr. Daltoaiparry was BE the erg of sHawattoj * had iiilliai 1ftom the same coc.ptoint at intervals daring broke."and before she couid recover the horse gave her 111iatii l|ii in. lajtoairai Urn ball was regarded aa "doad,' A Hrauiaa Canwr rs-rasAot.—At an earh hoar yester- t. but were dUarron of the. aieaapi aad rigonw^ hb absenee. We believe he also oontractod afoverat the go-bv and took the inside position from ttte mare. under ^ p cirefemttanees. At a qaartcr to eix o'clock a ua> morning, aa poticemah Senior, of the Thjrb-etitanre."ma iBS a t .hto return kofoe, whmh still aalacted his He leu her lull three tongths ea the tor side, and it seemed heavy nrto stopped farther play, aad the parties adjourn-reraiaam . Xha gnenrsramt naau is t»y no toaaUh, to a certain degree, no hto Arrh-al to ChHfornto. totpobiiihle for the mare ever to catch him. In this way ed to meet the fellowuw dav. Knox and W. Newhail were cinct was j« roiling hie beat.be heard a ioudcxplosamand, M a biawd entirety on mditary occupation, Bet c->-#ae expeeh-d ttte eudfesn idianre which occitrred. thny paased the half milt to 1.17V. the storm com:r%« at the bat, and five wickets bad fititen for twenty are cnishing ..f glaW Jn the st|>rc of Himecn Sage L Co., No.w a a a w him on Moeda} tost apun out atreett, m modonuc- luaivuy down and the stands almost entirely deserted, exfv go. 4 tualtti and axecStat spirits, coafratulated eept bv a few of the most enthasiastic lovers of the tpurt of goTeraiasBt WBE wnao*9if to Artxpe, wher- hfet en his ret JTB to the boaom of hto ooanituaatt, aad r rum urn point uw more begaa to creep up. a:>pL.>" by few atiUkary piibsnaki, ttta Cieasaar prtoaisod to taui upon,him at an easly day. Alas, when tog her nsuai bursts of .-jieed, and ontutoring theMittt6p"'eaee. aad we called upon him. it war not such » call m w expected homestretch she had got to his quarters. Afew yards.: part has a camp&irn against u.mabe He had ao wateotatogamie to give as, ao more and she collared him, and then, amidst trcmendo -i*las, howivar, outtatdered a prebwt frwmdlvhandtc*ext.>nd,aocordiativw ofgreeting H.-s cheers,passed him like a shot,und coming awayfromgaatol"eyeawetaeeu.h»Memlipwereante,aadfetehimateverystrife,anathehaataoditatbyhalfa ',thereale*j.-etbeto£rto at* of laacfee? any iMudabt wont t« grasp oar o» a ires AiU. He wa-< dead dozen lengths. lane ZA'H.i and exactiua accardjiglj. Same time agoThe second trot between these two crack feoraes. MM mite heat* aad repeat, comes «fi on Tuesday,J«iy » , overetaatoa. to. the Baaaatotoa of the prtooaer was found a wham tears aa doubt that UflBry8 known to the eittoeaa of Cbteago, to connection with theBrett b Dav is.•tp-e Bk river, at Us toaetioa .with the Mtoaaamaa. j — a a Kaax, F i nasi n i—Wedaesday, Juiy 4-— Sams c. Kepbart b Provost.5 tbe officer. Hawk« was brotEiht before Justice Breaaaa tram wham he parted m Maw fork caty,aad that ae hai1o t;vc of Germany, aged twraty-aight yeun, was brought i A romance aiach has ahtBWtbee&a uagady, feat Una • " * % before Jaattoe Befiy at ttat Lower Poiiee Cuurt, aa aaaat- yuung mac'f b.nery been. Sared from a fate which athavL been orgstttzed, the majority of the members beingcheertog, aad showed tie- popaterrty of Flora among the administered, as it is supposed^ for the pnrpo*=<> of com M. Uashferd, reaigaed.Phiiadeiphiaas. The partisans of l*au-hen did not lose their national r*cr..at.-.-r.. Indeed, among tho Philadel- putting suicidet . tVomged,? it appeared, baa been to bad The attack by which Madame Lola Monies baa beea— to in it inHit lattl'ifW flenenUM tbeaame time, --we and it i&atrictiy devoted to the purpoBoiJ for which it u> ing, aad scarcely a pull ef air to ceei the itmenphere. ter pastleleven•'clock, the Emrlidi eleven ulcing the first raw rendered a v^ruici of -iSuic.de by taaiag atorphine." oi the week she will be auak-iiaulv restored to M re-have Crtacuto rs,j tri-.-nd, who arj woriiag to"OT<*rturow levied. It :» proposed to still further mcrease it, with Ajraic the bugle «oiuided to prejwre forinnings, and i3wrp aad tiam|«hire wieidmg the willow to I«ecea&;d was &3years of age, and was a aat've of Ire moved to the coontry.tie oonasat of tka saarraaats. uutil it will be stulrneut to support Sixteen policemen, » L:ch will give us the at rongest fiohce force, aceordtog to our number, of any corporat.taim the wurkt.The weather has been excessively hot for the tort w*>ek, effected, and again did the mare take the lead on round tonifidjedit. Brett, tat- professional bewier oi tiie St. frot .>f Carfe^c ?treet gotlinto a difficulty during whichBon. Pr«Eton King, of Ogdeasber<r. N. Y.. is afopinng at the Aster House. • . 'Governor Perry, af Florida, and Mr S. I- Carroll, of toe I mteu States Army, are atopi>a>g at the Metropolitan HotelE. K. toUtos. Esq., and wife, of New Y ork; Cant. Brooks.ofthesteamshipKangaroolj~dungHaawd,Ehq., and party, and Charier W Learitt, Li<i..ail of Philadel ofc^a were among the arrivals at the L'vereu House yesTax ^Knixii HSAT —.to uaual, asveral false starts en-sued before they got the word, McMann fefiag evideatiydetermined to have as good a send off as possible, andnot throw a chance away. A capital scan was at tost was beanthully caught by Knox after be bad accwed sevea ter M>.«Miey. on board the sipop Samson Dale, lying at thel^owted py Provast after nwkiur five by smites. The lat-FaiBT OKSawa.MBi>—Faru./RB!fl:Li.—Early on Iuu*-tyter was well caaght by Stevens for two. tiibbes, one of evening two dark hauilF, named Thomas Booney and Les. the ruoj-i BrcoqgaShfd autateur cricketers ir. the StatesCaptain John * Kord.offlh hwHer and ranger notoriety.arrired in town on the Jsib, accompaaied by oae or twoof his old officers. It » impossible to draw him out in Ur »"" could get her down steadily to her work. At by Kenhart og Provost for five, and WJb;. was. tc Brooklyn by his brother before an in.iue«t was held, torday.Ford is on a filibuster scent, and that he asiwpry here creep up. and a splendid struggle ensued op the straight. eomr splendid cricketing, as also did Bighorn. The from theOoroaer. Koomy WBP a uative of leeiaud and Union Plane HoieLtote i^gialatttre, why., h at now praaanhed, d:d one act whach is aloae aufficieni to noma u with gkwy to all com - aag '.awe, which.amd am r a ttte imaahwn**! p a r a g e o*' the aocraa that U.* State of C^uauila and Xaeru Leon didid* the •Blear aad fkauape treaty aa of theralae as a treaty, as the g^vcrument of freat-;Juarez had BOright toc-fottot" that or aor other'With fbreaga aatooas wahotit the coaaeat of the ••.AvaiMMil «amtoas# B^^^^n*toi^awaai waa Ifi "n iaa #Maan11BM~*ti-iar\ ^viftba gained very <x«stderably by the break like made in this very hi^ily for tee fielding ef the Americans,which wt-to L y out the ground for future operatises. The K. G. C.oressuzaatoB adjourned from Baieigh to meet to aeere*conyeation elsewhere, and the proposition Was to a&&«some movement thai foil. Probab'y Ford, who to oae oftfir rmaminrtirm, m hata looking out far good foragingand1 can)ping ground, fie was very tacceaafal ta his Hall, to the judges, who complained that the mare had three hilt and eight twee tc the total score. This speak-2&years of age. PUlicerun.the second heat was awarded to the httle mare by half aHe was unable, however, to Uirly reach her, andS. SaHa»inry. fto., aad fom'.ly.of Massachnaetts fte McQueen, ot MwsisBispi. Mr. W W. iamnn, ef the Lcited Hater N»vy,and Mr. W. P Charriberlist;, of th»" t'a.tef States Army. ar»- stopping at the St Nteaohw Hotel.Dr T. K«BBBr>i. aad lady, ofi t Unite Dr. t f . •ewtee, iiveiling boone of James f. Thioaas, No.>£>.-;t. Mara'- and iadv. of Bontou: IT. looey, «t Provutoacr Bav. C.place, «as entort-d by burglars through the acuttie and B. tfaomai: an.: lady, of New Orleans and Major A. J.length.An appeal was made by the owner of the horse, Mr.Time. S£11V'ltotelligemee.IvK-MCuainr o?- CBX PotJcx.—A few nighu ago theformeT "was nafortunatety run out after making 12. and the latter had U> boner of carrying out his bat after scoring light stogies. The total score or the English wa.^ 92- and St is a raaurkable eireumstanee to crick i that :<; of these were tabbuued by siogte, there being only onefine ptojy. and eras ttea caught by Saddler off 65bbe«.J>After tPbltoe tow to be famished lum before heto the«^for IS he played with admiral steadiness and judg- proved an alibi. A motam was made to tieneral Seax*ou» Comptroller and Counsel to the Corp<>rat*to.(Laj ease Judge!F^ffj!a?SiraB lit!t, giving wit one chance to Fisher, which was not to discharge him, on the ground that ao tadictUKmt was necttoa I will refer once more to mj letter af i Ibjseon-n. Balltere had the boaor of brtegtog out his bat. found agatoat htm, aad subaequenxij be waa todtoted to February, for the purpose af repaauag atthtt the 1st ofThe long stopping ef Walter Newhail aad J. Fisher wasUie Oyer and Termiaer. A motion wae now made by Mr. Clinton to discharge the prisoner, as he bad aot been brought to trial. The Dtstrtta Attorney opposes the BU>- tion, on the grouad that Teneyck wa - arraigned for trial, and he (Teneyck) toaot ready, therefore, theDtetrtot At- torney will not be ready for thai case until next term. The affidavit of Downing seta forth that be to innocent. and has been always ready tor trial; that hto health to impaired, and further imprisonment will imperil his life. B e therefore asks for a speedv trial, or that he may beI "pielai aeamasaBiaaj to togal aarato, at a eaa be < upon anything like roaaonahas taraas, BeAnd though I cannot approve tea bill notwill permit, if yon deem it aavaabto to • through legatottonyfe bring the IBBBPBOSBBJ toThe ttfedaTjWf Bto B.-yas eeto fbtthgood deftact agauatt any claim by or itaa aremtoes toqaestwa; that hisancbanged, and that it a a serkms inimpprehaarieaan> person to aappose that he i n i sipiBtaml a leaamj epBrtaa to aay anaeiiliaitiia with bis isanriates e a w a h ttoa Mite Ma> or or aay other official.Iwqweata. FATS OP A DBoncaao.—G'ironer' HEW Voax. July 6. l s « . IT this dose of arsenic: poisons me—which I hope it may—give my books, such as Moore's works aad theof couaaei. Rx Judges Breaaaa and Dean aad Br. W. H. Anoersoa repreasat the Corporation, and MaaBra.^kiyaB and McKeoa the ComptroOer. Far theTotal.6BEA.T MATCH KTWKE* KT.KVKN ENGLISH A1TD "Lives ef the eatoto," to iene; and a she does BOtthtok a Breaaaa, Messrs. Krarta, BatchIBS aad Ex-Judge80Barley that I teve him up to the day of my death.MT DBAE JaxE—Since bur acqaaiataaee&hip I have A a s match is regarded among the cricket- never done anything to disgrace you. Hoping that you will pray for my poor soul when I depart thi? htrmblc unity as the most important event to the year, room, aad you will consider that I am yet your trwad andiblr create* gnat interest. The game of can Johnny. Ptoasc to pray for mc, an humble siauer.icketara m the country, and eighteen pick-attBjaaaasd an the Quoden rrtoiwt grooad,Putter, of New York.ttEJiUT JCXFUTZ B U I TO WEALTH. [From the Chicago Berakf, Jafy 4 'We saw yesterday a totter from the I'namiaa18S Rivfngtou ftreet. The officer immediately rapped for resident to New Y ork, addressed to tireeaeaama feroa.,assistance, and then entered the store through the rear tor making toquiriee as to the whereaboata of Betoricn Jsmp ito. stottog that a tody renallug asar the place ef the ground. On Friday the amtcb be- the purpose ef aeemg what was the matter. Upon going his aal'vit v had died recently, k«u*tag Baary, his bro- iven at Newark and the same number of Phila into the store fee metayoahg manabout twenty two yaarc ther Franz and one or two others, heirs to a vest estate, s. te ptgyed. The English cricketers are aS stop- of age, named Bejcry Hawks, tryiug to make h..- escape ceaatottog ef toads, stocks aad asaaey, aad rsainwitag -fee•ttirardUme-:-.whereeveryefibrttousedto«>- fromthepremto^.andtBihkiHgthatbewaffaburglar,beteudaaae of ?pectators was hnmense, but veryyen have upon such matters the better..• .»•..'•••• .•-,Sadler C. Bnata. Provost...• ..«•......»».«.».«*..^..• tS the noise of the explosion that attracted the aUonttoc of that'he came to this eenntry with hte brother Pranx.Ittalj..froat the riaalmia af IaonLeadtoSky, fen, ta kast Bratdway. The prtotmer; it ia alleged, came into Br. Lea- to* tang tnate through which heUntitled Document... -ITcu« of aartog stotoa a box af jewelry, vatoed at gsjo,oae time BBBBag Saevtaabte.by theeto|SBaM,esaweaaaesB aad the antiriag efiferu af law oouaael, throws aat open the world again. b% ilule all eifesaatoa iadmttry^axa»to)enas.tor a lewstay, toe box of jewelry dtoappeared i» a rather atyaton-wiBtog to earn a support, bat lemed the opportunity and distrust saet him at every «tep—unti;again, he looked back with regret » the teag days ef , bat MaawttB aad atoaty, he had spent is jail, almost repined at the fortune which saved him firuaaL bat had gtvon. AsewfeaBtate wto> aad. aaatovad him laeavcent, came to his aaiHrtanr^. funds were supplied him, andabaaauitogfeai>orrigigtomaal ItiatetaeuBoiii«tLotolibvte»<df cwattwop-ttwgsatoar part af the<H» mannerHeld for examination.v, *be asked oa by the the Corporation OB Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 