 tnSif.,">•iClio-Alpines)i.odnja'DUsed, , >eo-d*f,armed4brosnjbm^fc^ *& Regency w W" < • * • •[ambnsa» nude*; : «ly beiray«j;4 - 'eoldchief«aia^ 11»•»signiucant1- ir of the unpar-,'||fv?s, and suma- J c>verdecidedlyM GOT. Dicki»»f# DUf*i.-dealings ^has wi*b him «ork. • - . - ?m jaio to-morrow,. ~ RgS. ' * ! . crsE, Aug:8. *•; eekiaridge State• ofBaftaio, you'?^100 votes. Fromtbestate pf^parties here, results are., Kigbts Democracy must he ^my guaranty for thepoliti- . very uncertain- ^here- axe t w o Democratic.-parties, eal views-I fhallendeaVor to promhte! through thecol-day he was,.dJ£Coyered, aiTOs^^and'ju^rbone^—Froma,letterwrittenbyWashingtonIrvingtohis ,."The,honorablegentlemanasksustostateourfriendLeslie,datedDresden,1823,^howpublishedin The Home JoutTial, the foUowibg anecdote is taken:;notnecewaTfiTdaageroBa. Cooney wan arreated to await tne remit<tfth*foJurfoB. rapfefe ?&?*'$$&t <XT* !ATTACK ONANOrFiCBEv-Otncer Coylewasat- tackedbyamannamedWm.JRylandontheoornerofColumbU and Vmeatreftta on WedneBdayrdght, whom he endoavorjd tooftheTrustees,atpreaent,toraiseitbeyond thefir** itory,nnle«8 $3,000additional is snbscribed to ««***• theworktoproceed.Incasethatamountis#oin0W gnaranteed,atemporaryroofwillbeconstnwted,thexong, clear,eic >.tnoss deaonn©» Delegates fromtimore Cmven- .of Breckinridge. as ait irregular.CeopMipoMlmioaofTb»JR.X.Tribune. •fX' KAUCH^CHOKX^Pa.^Aug.8,I860.'s i r a b l e r e s i d e n c e . . H a v m g f » u n d a, p l a c e , w h e r e h i s s e r - vicesas'apreacherwereacceptable,hereturnedhome and took bis wife back with him to tv e Southj propqE- i n g t h e r e t o l i v e . ' T h i s o c c u r r e d i n M a y o f 1 8 5 9 . B e - fore leaving Iowa forthelast time, aneighborre- quested Mr. McKinney to collect from one Sprowle, in Texas, a sum <f money which he owed. After preach-> of no Conven-[a ?r>urjoos Com-'"or Cnion^which. Bnn^onditionally llhupiaslk cheers. >rv>vingthe nom-e wholeConvene"> siors,Toee. ami:^bouted like Cora- ': dug w as theajH^ SoftDelegatesto"*• >commence a no-*s taken oat of toonorm of l&aghter -dingoftheresoli*-* indall,thePreei SilasWright,radi- ocate of the WiJU tic -Free-SoQer i n : fak> platform, wanvC M Fugitive Slav©; apromising Barn- - h a s p o l x i « a l d e e i g -i of his service as ie year 1853, and Beer, he sheerest,' ' ¥t to fix h is e y e ressrng the chair.* tions, stood upone gas w as so ar- n m h i s face foil r. Cobb read the/abstance that t h e enunciate, and no Y warred now, a s v of th e Notional >t Proviso in 1847;L opposed the Fugi* entiemanly b:ogrv :•. postnre and firm :;".rat resolution inEvery eye i n t h e tableau. Soue.bife ked blank,andall *dwasreached.: - Committee, a racy ion o f Kichmoad, i previous commit-I Mr.McMahonof Committee, ar\d a cularly severe upon and an Irishman,uttee.Thespeaker*: nerin which, I&ch- iuize Committee,ia j of the present dis- *the Democracy ofry right. The real. powerful party of ndMarcy,Isnegro-- B» been aggravated sripdons o f the Softr making to crash iter into no wmpro~- :toal»oi James T . Brady rovernor, and again Convection was all>*Conor's name also ejrr-ee. When some *J:>hn A. Dix for thewrjt faint, being con- tats in attendance, of re andthere an oldnail, of which tjrpe it-i man—running for rm, side by tide with, to higher proof of the a, of the Convention, >the entire Vote of iributedamongsuch >nor, and Greene C ."fusion" w a s sufil-' tire body wa** hostile ally voted d>wn by a tben introduced in ftdisjounteninced b yingforsometime,theElderoneday;received:a visitsplendid morning to begin thecruise,andall hands>••••••••#•••*Convention. tenacious o ri seem t o conciliateuntil the Coaventioo cate Committse, to be ith inatru^ions never nponthebasisofthe which, ii wUbere-of Douglas from !bethatthe Sta'>eConvy eemblance of uniofi «,ex^pt he befirsti hardly say that thi» I*st ray of hope lot* : sv-York npon a singlee who listened to-the that the heart of i&* rmly against all prop- inridge meQfeel tint ^aouaadoQ consist^aidlow, a n d their con-Otetj vfin do it I THo* arty in the foture.. ftIther wing of the cot** , showquarter. AsS* and ancomprotmisfpgiutiofi*beingover,Hr» . H e was welcomed i s his silyer locka*?-n platform,the^« 5idafl cordially greeted sited auditOTyi Ha»Ted forward Utaddree* a g o H r . B « f a » w a « itrodiiced bitf, to'•»-j t h e r h a l l , ^ ^ ^ / *Wh plaudits. # a t *Pa and now! Theoh» nemiee. N o i j r t o ' w « i. Hefeltthe*jcbange>egon, Jane 31: *&&> done here by ^ m&rf?re *z« ao jaaeaoe w 1&On Monday evening another rousing meeting was held At Bethlehem, in the same State..—HenryP.West,delegate,andWilliamMcCafiie,He w a s formerly pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Albany; then removing t o Philadelphia, he" becametheheadofthechurchinSprucestreet.Ho&c—lie—well—is " betrayed'* into a speech. Full of pent-up affection, he can no longer restrain him?elf, but goestoBellowsFalls.Amidthebellowingofthepop- ulace and the sobs of Stephen, he is deceived, deluded,B u i , timid.. Pennsylvania is uno,nestionably a.Republican State., are.trying to hatch np. The idea of the Belleverett payiywhohavesolongbeengrievedabout the .agita-Tibuallyis,m theinterchangeofagreeable!visits be- '• Subseqnently,several police,officersmadeadescent Board washeld yesterday. Thereturns from the, rminds."•:'"''••' rsjr :•". v ' v•- •..'-- • '{ •DUcbarffod8«nt to Penitentiary and Worichorwe . 489Sent to State Prittoa ....<....- . 0-1,296\Gipeey,.Bessie,,Norma,Bouita,andStella,and aloops, County, Indiana, Elder Solomon McKUnney narrated, RowtnajRay/Alpha, ;irene,;^^ganizationsheretoprccurethem. Everymanher5. belasrecentlyconnectedhimself,issuesanaddress, j retty much, seems to be fighting on bis o *n hook. from which the following paragraph ia taken: . 0 8 8poison his family.A ll ate of the flour, all were madmorning,Inwbtohamannamed0«*>n ^<^v^C ^S?kV costabont$0,000; Thefirststoryf& *«?*<&&*%^tnow thtt4w e canJonnWBrcckinridge.andJosephLane asthe.m^ans PrteideDtal c*ndidates. W e shall " t r y , " a n d t r y by which the country oan be saved from the' anarchyW e do v** hard.31nohdependsontheDemocraticnominations;whi< b, just now, we are anxious to learn.The Oppoeh»ntioX»ane and the Pro-Slavery Demo- cracy made up of Democrat* and Republicans, are a majority in the Legt9lj»tute. Lano cannot be reelected;neither canDolascm Snaith*. No elect Senators. Still, I believe elected. w»m*mm^^&v®mKm,.NEW-YORK YACHT SQITADRON. _yeeterday,fromtheship-yardofJ.WesteryeU,atjh* DBs?ERAfiAj'F^iVAT'T'IIE''SHnpi;"-4)ii^^Wednes- footolEastHoustonstreet. ShesMeasilyintotheday nighti Conetable Farrel of Jereey City proceededtion frcmrence, H i dCraryareAesembly District, Archibald Young and th© Hon. L. J>. Collins; C . M . Belknap and William Arthur, axternau*.—On Saturday enthusiastic meetinga. were held by the Republicans of Lehigh County, P a , and a t Cher-Chenango, I l a District, ClarkDistrict. Prom St. Law- S. Chittenden and Nathan t o b e sent. From Aloany Ccunty, IVthnigLt by taking poison. He left a letter directed t o his brother, in «- hiih he stated that the only reason for ending h is life w a s that he 'w*» afflicted with a n incurable disease. H e h a d long contemplated self-destruction, a n d specially designated the 8th ; of August as the day on which' he should die. Coroner O'Keef* held an inqnent on the body, when a verdict o f suicide ren- dered.SVICIDE.—A young man named George Rupert,residing at No. 13 Avenue A committed suicide on Wednesday night by taking a large quantity oi landanam. The deceased had b'On sick for some tfsno past, and labored under t h e impression that he would never get well. Tne Coroner was notified.CHARGED WITHSTEALINGAPAIROFHORSES.—Abrahum R. Wiit, a young man, was arrested o n Wednesday morning by Officer Ciough of the Twentieth Ward, charged with stealing a fair of horves and a wagon from Owen McGovern oi Brooklyn. The prisorer bad the horses in his possession when arretted. Juetioe Connelly committed the accused for axamina-earry the RepublicanThe crops in Oregon will be fine. A project, is on State isprogressmg in the present Presidential election.foottodripwheattbXew-York.Ifthiaiacarriedout,' NeverwcTetheKepublicans'soactivelyengagedin promulgating their principles, and so successful in^ . " to the old tenement-house known as the " ship;" near stream, and w as immediately hauled alongsidethe, theupperendofNewarkavenue,to;arresta'man„pierfor,finishing.TheGuadalquiveris152fefffcinwe Bhall send you wheat which will throw the best of winnir g to their faith and standard many whoi of late, ycurwheatintotheshade. ^,- have acted with^ho political•pntty,and even some R,P»p©ctfaU^, & FRANCIS.* hitherto radical Democrate whoc#mported Buchanan in1856. Wide-Awake,CJiubs areforming in nearlv tvery town and .district, and hundreds of young men are enroltogthemselves-to'uNiragoc^ service in elect- ing, for onr.next, President, and Vice-President, Abra- ham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamfih. Men of influence bave'taken hold with a right spirit, and with adeter- m i n a t i o n s n o t t o l e a v e o n e s t o n e u n t u r n e d , t o a c c o m - jpushthistruly.noblepurpose. Wehere-aresomewhat amused about thecoalitionwhich youNew-Yorkers.. v&! .;. ; YACHT SQUADRON, Aug. 8,1860.; length, has 23feet breadth of beam, and is^0 feet deep Soon after 5 p. m., yesterday, the schooners Maria, named Patrick G'Shawnessy. a well known, desperateFavorita,Widgeon, Zinga,;America,Juliet, Restless/ character. Upon'entering,the.room andmakinghis inthenohL Herframe-workisalllive oak,andtheThenominationofX.ineoIatakeswellhere. -Itisthe best that could have been made.: Ratification meetingsUndine, Mannersing, and Maflory,fookthen-depart- :were too great against him: "The woman seized a knife.are be^g hela over the country. *$ Khis adventures in Texas, from which State he was ex-NORTH-EASTBRN PENNSYLVANIA,n i g h t . S o o n a f t e r j t h e J u l i a , H a z e ; a u d t h e s c h o o n e r o f t h e i h m a t e s o f t h e d e n g a t h e r e d a r o u n d ^ b u t d i d n o t p e r e o n s p r e s e n t t o s e e h e r l a u n c h e d . ^ : - . . NedClyde,withthebandofmusiconboardjjoined heedthedemand;of;theofiicerfor'assistance,andhewasforcedto.makearetreat...;;,*...,•,:,•.. ,: , ,\. [;'..'CHAJtiTiKSAwnQORRXCTIONS.—-Nomeetingofthis the fleets iThe night was spent, as the; first nigp' f : r fI f e v e r y l e g a l v o t e i s p o l l e d o n t h e s e c o n d T u e s d a y o f t i o n Soft S l a v e r y , a n d w o u l d m a k e n o p l a t f o r r h o r p a s s 'October,Ourdnwill beelected Governor hjatleatt anyresolutiontoavoiddiscus,ingthatvexedquestion, 30,000 majority. I do not believe tlereisany danger should .coalesce with that wing of the Democracy whose head and chief is the foremost instigation o f then p o n t h e t b i p , b u t s u c c e e d e d o n l y n v a r r e s t i n g t h e s o n ,tween theyacht owners. Orderswere receivedfor about 18years of age»G'Shawnessy nnd-hia'wife Numberrenwining iltdy28,1860....;...tof d*fe«t on account of over-confidence in our strength. Theworkof organizationisgoing on;oarfriends are in earnest, while thus far there is no prospect of a xe- nzdon with the Democratic family*on acharge of refusing to aesiet the constable.-:w c ? j a The ship is an old, long three-story, wooden build- from the debtor, Sprowle^ and in- the course of a friend- Were up bright and early to refresh themselves with a ing, with apartments for about 40 families. Its occu- —:•A correspondent writes to us from Plattsmouth, ly conversation the former, spoke of the commission hath before' starting. A t 7 a. m., the Maria fired a pants are composed'of the vilest And lowest dregs of-Nebraska, under date of August 2d, substantially as with which he had been charged. Sprowle denied, the signal gun for the eecond and third-class yachts to up humanity, witb whitesand blacks hvihg on.equality,,Totid. »•#••••••••*« Died.'PJW.'J.'i .BPw—rtrt»,1*«-|U ^V*1W<fc>^>53ES83iJ355tj!2 a*i«i^».>^>iii,V.;i7lir.'"i,i,ifl.V;ftrZ.'.u»l.^i^^^Jl^cJec^ 1«WWLJ«-defeated by:abeuit,t^T'um^yff*) ^^SK^ Pet inactive, life devoted to an un- taineq himeelf by^we sale of umbrellas. The other ^l^^sateBSce .oTOl'^tmctttlAy et 't^miMKkBi/e by Patrick Coon«y. It In a^lleg^d that **$^J**>&* already op, occupying 50 feet of front, b y 100 Ae* i « Coonw, and that the latter drew a knife in •elf defer**, Infltct-ln. thwe ttaba. It WMat firet thoueht th*t «h« wowidt were or depth and 11feet m bighth. It is noC/tfae int«ti«t*^Teryhceiletoeachother.* '-nmxwof^The,Avalanche. Regardingtheelectionofchargeswithreference"tohisDUBinessconhectiihhswithMatteson, if, we have any, and that:unle88*we':deal infalsehoods, they wilLbe found to be. proper and right. urreBt for disorderly condUPt. {The « ^ ? w d ^ ^ a i f e g 5 \ ? I ? J I floor and eeiling o f t h e first story finished, end;ih*theviewB T shall labor to enforce;'^. ;;»r; .;/ ' :.;enacted &in, Charles Racke^tt in .' Three W^eks after :r Marriage,' withi great applause, and am on the point ofplayirg DonFelix, in,;<The Wdnder.' 'Ihadno*! '. LAU^qHor. A^TBA^iu---Thc little Reamer calledtheGuadalquiver,375tuns,waslaunched at2 o'clock• present political broil, seems rather hovel to many,the second and , third classes* a i .7 a . m. W e had a Chief o f Police Marihus arrested Barnard McElrqy•• / „NEW-YORKDAILY TRmpJE, m i D A y ,AUGtJST 10, I860.,Our greatest gains will be in th e strongest Demo-cratic djjrtrirts. Here, in the " OH Tenth Legion," forinstance,where Buchanan had between 6,000 and 7,000 " I am happy to inform you and the people of the nounce Mr. McKinney.as an Abolitionist. 'AC'ommit- before the yachts were under way, leaving the harbor majority four years ago, it is an open question whether Stetes,. that 'h e Republicans of th e Territory of Ne- tee meeting was called, without the "knowledge of theJ with a light westerly wind. A s I write, the larger.:,. Komb«rren3MlnlDgAng.4,1860.•'•• « Ipcr***e. . . . . . . . . . . . .......63 , .followsi' ••"./ ' •'.-.: ,-• ..'.'• ;.':J •••:;.v;-:.,;i ! weWiUwwdlnothaveaRepublicanmajority,thoagn braskaare*-owreadytoextend to,youthehand ofwhile amalgamation is not nofrequent. A descent, bydebt, and appeared angry. His next step" was to de- anchor and away. The smoke hadscarcely cleared off the Mayor, Becorder, and Chief of Police, was contem- Bell»^ne HoijiUl.1........ 946 F'otuth Disirlct Priwtt...***accused, arid twenty-five or thirty citizens deliberatedIxowevtr, cannot be less than 4,000, and will probably tional Platform, influenced l>y one common desire, and as to what they should do, with him. A number of port, are coming u p i n fine atyle, presenting a veryvWork-Hotw* ........'.^....1,143 J3L.0U4Q** +»• ••• • • • • «*• * * * * * Small-PoxHoBpitaL......; 5ColoredHome .**#••• Ttt RiUidaH'i Inland 939 Colored Orphan Asylum... 189Eaiidair«IiilandHoipitaL. 282 ChildroaatNttne... 144 CityPrUon................ 325 City C«metety...... .•... IS SecondDistrictPrfaon..;. 22Third District Pri»on 11Mr. Draper has been quite sick for some days past.I-thinkwewillbebeaten;about,1,000. Onrgain,political fellowship, standing upon the same broid N a-laboring for one common, yet glorious end, the re- witnesses were examined, who declared that he was. prettj; marine picture. A t 10:15 w e came abreastshouldtakethematterincharge.CITY ITEMS.••'•"'(exceed 5,000.^ The couaties coiupesing this remarkable districtareNorthampton,Monroe,Pike,Wayne,and Carbon.;-demption of the General Government* the States and Tenltoriesfromthedominationofthecorruptandop-, pxfssiye Slave obligarchy. I n accordance with pre-not an Abolitionist but a Democrat, as he had always . been. Then Sprowle wascalled on to give his testimony,Eaton's Neck. Ofthose that,left at 7a.m.,the Narragansett a n d Mallory a r e together, In Northampton, we have a number of very active vious notice from the Territorial Central Committee the which he willingly did, charging the Elder'with being ahead, and the Irene and Rowena- just behind., ''•••!*'.aRepublicans of Nebraska yesterday sent their delegates,g•jGAS LIGHT.—The Street Commissioner has adver-y'burg working Republicans, who are doing good eer-vice, (>y holding meetings, organizing clubs, and dis- from nearly every organized county, to Plattsmouch to favor of the minister, and he was at once"denounced shore; the remainder of the squadron keep to the Long tributug documents. W e have, a £ o , a Repuolican prepare the campaign, and select a standard bearer fororgainiherenow,in;heGennanlanguage,published thecorririgconflict.Ontheprecedingevening,in asanaccomplice.Mr.McKinneywasthenpreaching Islandside.CommodoreStevensissaidtoboonthe bylHeeesr.Seip&Bro.atEaston. Wecannotbe theypouredtilltherefwasscarcelyroomenough'. afewmilesaway,andhiscongregation,prepareda Mariaforthefirstannualcruiseinsomeyears. Dur-beatenover600inoldNorthampton,whorotheDemo- toreceiveth<m. Manyofthemcomparativelyrecent certificatetotheeffectthatthechargeofAbolitionism ingthedaythewmdcontinuedlight,andItherefore cza»icmajoritywas2,400in1850. laMonroeCounty, emigrantstotheTerritory,andstrangerstoeachother, was.quitefalse. TheeditorofthepaperinDallas havenobrilliantachievementsinthewayoffastsail-ally carried t h e counisj by 50b to 700; I beli&ve xc will ! of Nebraska are, therefore, full o f hope and courage, with loaded gut s expectiug a n attack. Having trav-occasion to manifest regard in the production of new native compositions. Mr. Bristow will conduct.STREET DEPARTMENT.—Proposa's for seven jobswere received at this Department yesterday. Toerewere two bids for building a new truck for the use ofHook and Ladder Company No. 6, which, by directionof the Common Council, is to have Micklo 6c CJrville'sfire eecape attached; the lowest from C E.'Hartshorn,go Kepubticwa b y a t leist 5 0 0 . Caroon—our o w n county—in 1856 gi.vo nearly 1,000 Democratic major- ity. .Lincoln wi;l have a dear majorit/ ovor the c^n- hined vote o f Breckinridge and DongUts. Two years ago w e carried tho county by an average majority of 200. Lastvear,1859,thetotalpollwasover400 8tror<gcr than at any former election, and both part es fonghv dsBperafctly, ax.d t t e Democrats carried the county by an avtrage. majority o f about 75 votes; b u t since last year we nave i>ud changes in onr favor, andno doubt we will carry the county by 300 to 400.On Tuesday next there will be a general mass Dis-trict Ck'Tivejutionof RepubiicjuisatStroudsburg, Mon-roe Ccaniy, on whica^occasion Col. Caruu, par uextGovernor, will be hcaril. A nomination Jor Congresswill &en probably b e mac!e. The candidates namedare Dr. D. K . Snocmakar of Carbon (who gave Dtm-mick a very hard cnaae two y^ars agj), and the Hon.B. D. Maxwell, Charles Goepp, esq., ana tne Hon.Samuel. Yohe of EaUton. Neitner ol thes< gentlemenseek a nomination, nor will either of them shrink fromdt terrointd to fearlessly ana triumphantly perform theirduty. On the following d*y (Wednesday),the DelegateConvention aesembleo, with additional recruits, thelion.W.F.Lo<-kwoodpresiding. TheCommitteeon Kinney tndMr.Blunt—backtothecountytown. Resclu:ions made a highly crtditable report, which Mrs. McKinney was left at a'private residence; the was adopted after blight modifications. They recom-mfnd a thorough organization of the Republicans of the men were put into t h e Jail. A t 3 o'clock t h e nextup to New-London.MINGO.duty if nominated. It ;s generally believed that vrecan eral Government, without delay, a n d without regard'—A correspondent of The Philadelphia Press, writing frcmAtlanticCity,givesthefollowingpictureofsomethe facilities of their extensive establishment. A t the Dispensary,' to CbarlesVandervoort, at $200,four bids.elect. Sotschforthe"0*dTenthLegion,"wheretheoverwhelming Democratic anjorities used to come from. 'In Berks County, "from all I can learn, our gain will he nearly or qnfteas great asin ourdistrict. Our fries, ds there a r e quite confident that the Democrauc nsjontj will fa'f below 2,000. In Lehigh County the Democratic majority was about 1,000 in 1J>56, and the same in Bucks County. I t is generally admitted on all sides that both counties will g o Repuolican, O a r neighboringCcuntyofSchuylknTiaallright;our friends ihere confidently count on 1.000 majority. A s to Philadelphia, your ieaders know as much as I do— that the Democrats (on, State ticket] had a clear major- ity of 7,000 in 1856, and that the "People's party" have earned itin 1858and 'i>by decided majoritios.We read, occasi;>nally, that there is another party— the B*ll party;—in Pennsylvania. I think i t must be.a very select party. Nothing of th e sort is known in thissectionoftheState. Itistrue,ourdistrict(1read it in a newspaper) was represented in the National "Constitutional Union" Convention b y " E d w a r d Shippen," E*d our neighboring district o f Lehigh a n d Buck* b y .*Mark Monday." Alter diligent inquiry we'ascertained tb* "fact "tnat both these •' delegates'' Teside'iu Piiiadelphia, and one of them (3o>,.itonday). hasrec*iveo: the *' Union" nomination for Congress. 1 believe in the 1st Dittrict. Mr. Monday and Mr. Ed- wardShippenarecertainlyveryaccommodatingmen.R.—The Political Text Book for 1860, b y Horace Greeley and J . P . Cleveland, contains the Platforms adopted by each of the various National Political Con- ventiens that have been held in the United Ssates.—There was a glorious Republican meeting in West Troy on Tuesday evening.. Wide-Awakes were present, and &ddteBte* -were made by Messrs. G. W. DexnersJUA the Hon. Thomas B. Carroll.P. JZ. Rathbcne and James W. Glover have beenchosen delegates to the Syracuse Republican Conven-to.locality,iorthepromotionoftheinterests,property,protection,andwelfareoftheinhabitantsoftheTerri-tory : and that all appropriations thus made should be people now dispelling themselves at that watering heavy Fall business at all the ship-yarde in Green- cents each, four bids. Furnishing 1,000 cast-iron protected by effective safeguards, and sacredly applied place:to the ourposss for which they may be granted. They "*That light figure in the blue domino and greatrecommend speedy and efficient measures by Con- Mexican straw hat, is Robert J. Walker^ and he istiTerritory, by th e appointment o r th e selection of aToTritorii.1 Committee, consisting o f one member fromeach Representative District, a n d they recommendthat the persors thus chosen act a s Chairmen o f theRepublican organizations within their lespective limits.Tbey recommend the indordeaw nt of the Chicago nom- vic»ims was most deploiable. After being thus beatenThe business of ship and boat building a t Greenpointis said to be brisker now than it has been before atauytime for the past three years. A iarge steamboat forthe New-Haven line will soon be ready for launching;beside which, there are building at Mr. Sneeden's yardtwo large steamers to run to Norwich. Lathe yard ofMessrs.. Bell & Webb, a brig of 250 tuns, being builtfor J . W- Smith & Co. of New-York, is near conaple-tion. Messrs. Bell 6c Webb have now under contracta large amount of work, that will give employment toa large number of hands, and call into requisition allinations a n d resolntionf—which w a s unanimously they were allowed to go on their journey,, taough they adop'.ed. They recommend an approval of the Home- were left penniless.the patent by the city, is aB y e t undetermined, there and will soon be in the hands of the Deputy Postmas-stead bill, «s passed by the Pepublicans in the flouaeof Iieprfcsentalives, and an unqualified denunciation of its n utihuions by a Democratic Seuate, a n d its final veto by a venal and imbecile Prtsident, which was paessd. TUt-y requested our Delegate in Corgresa to ask and labor for all needful appropriations by the Gen-—Miss Kate Dicken s>the second daughter of Charles Dickens, was recently married to Mr. Charles Collins, a brother of Wilkie Collins, and a rising author.was a non-award of th e contract. The other awards were—for building a new truck for th e use of Hook and JLadder Company No. 11>, to C. E. Hartshorn, at $359, two bids. Repairing a n d altering t h e rooms over Essex Market, t o b o occupied b y the Easternters. The eupply for th e Post-Office in this city has been received, and will be told at t h e sarhe rates p e r package as the old.—»THE HIGH BRIDGE WROITGHT-IKON MAIK,—This work wiJlbe proceeded with at ence, Messrs. Samuel Sneden&,Co.havingsignedthe contractwhichafew dayssincetheydesiredtocancel,andMayorWoodap- proving the contracts of the Croton Board relativeto themavter. , , iitA large, and enthusiastic meeting of the Yorkvillo Lincoln and Hamlin Club was held a t HarwoodHali on Tuesday evening bast, at which addresses were made by the Hon. JOSEPH HOXIE, Mr. RUSSELL, and H. S . SMITH, esq., a n d several excellent oampaigo. Eongs were sung by Mr. COOK. A n election was also!crees for the construction of th e Pacific Railroad, up leading into the surf (or is led in by) a lady taller than the yalley of the flatte; that Congress pass an act to himself. There is Attorney-General Black, clad ingiTe to the'Commissioner of Common Schools ia the white from his head to his feet. Yonder, at the verge Territory the control over the school lasds within its oi the water, is Jo. McKibbin,. towering like a giant,limit8; that- an act be passed by.Congress, ceding (as to, even at the side of the Hon.A^ K . MoCture of Frank-BROOKL YN ITEMS.•idea-olthisfundofdramatictalentlurkingwithinme;, CRUISE- OF THE and I now cousolemj^elf.itbatif-the worst come to'theworst, I can turn stroller, and pick up a decent mailii- tenance amongthe barns iir England.. I verily belieye natureintendedme-tobea.,vagabond.P.S.Ihope you intend.to make some designs for 'Bracebridge Hall:' I wduld rather have the work illustrated b y\$QTLi$lcaB^^ i v -rtAtnmeetingrecentlyheldinFairview, Randolphii\i •'.•CorreBpondeace of The N. YTribmie.. <b. ' ^r> • «a,changeling in religion. One Blunt dared to speak in The slow and easy little Norma hugs t h e Connecticutfor t i e first txme since the orgeuxization of the RepuD- but cearirg in their person and appearance, head and County was not allowed to publish this certificate,lican party, onr friendo ate active. T h e Democratic hesrtthe glorious insignia of Republicans. A n d such,majcrtjy in 1856 was over 1,700. I ' do n o t believe in a few hours, proved themselves, for a political con- being threatened with the destruction of his property the squadron neared New-Haven, in th e following Curtin v. ill be beacen more than half toat figure. I n cert or love feast was announced for the evening, a n d should he do eo. A letter was sent to-Mrs. McKinney,PikeCoanty, I believe, o n r friends have made b u t the large hall, engaged for the occasion, w a s speedily eaying that her hus-bahd and Blunt were td be hangedlitUe, if a n y headway. T h e county c a n poll about fi!?ed. Able a n d eloquent speeches were made by within twerty-four hours," six feet in the air.". Under800votes. TheDemocratic,majoritv, I take for O.P.Mason,W.H.Taylor,Rey. M.Tipton, T.M.g r a n U d , w i l l b e , a s u s u a l , a b o u t oOO. I n W a y n e M a r q u e t t e , G . C . M o r r e l l , D . M . K e l s e y a n d o t h e r s t h e s e c i i c u m s t a n c e e , t h e t h r e a t e n e d m e n t h o u g h t i t Ccunty the Republicans are thoroogaly. orginized, who fchowed tha^. ihe Republican metal of Nebraska expedient to leave the country. They accordingly-while"the Demccrat» ar« badly distracted; they gener- has the righc ring, keen, high, clear. The Republicans siarled, after a sleepless night, during which, they e a t first dayr8 most agreeable cruise. To-morrow w e g o orchestra. This will b e a n agreeable a n d brilliantof,thofijerowin uee,Withtheexceptionoftherim whichholdstheglass,whichistobeofbrassinstead of tin, as it has been found that the latter article oor- roceflv These now temps are designed for new streets, and to supply the places of such as have become broken or damaged. There are now 14,472 gas lamps i n the streets and squares of tho city, which are lighted ©verynight—3,140 by the New-York, 8,982 by the Manhat- tan, atd,2,350 by the Harlem Gas Companies. T h e New-York Company .is paid $25 78, the Manhattan $25, and the Harlem $28 80 eac^i lamp per year. During the yeareach lamp must be kept lighted 3,833 hours and 20 minutes. The lamps and posts no w in UM cost on an average $9 76 each.THE NEW POSTAL ENVELOPE.—The new self-ruling envelope has been permanently adopted by the Post- Office Department, and will hereafter be regularly 6old with tie ordinary stamps, by all the Postmasters throughout the country who apply for them. The im-eled twelve miles, they were met by nine men, who robbed tb«m ar.d took the party^-Mr. and Mrs. Mc-morning the latter were taken out and tied to a tree. Then seven o f the ruffians flogged them with a heavy cowhide whip, each fellow giving ten strokes. T h e punishment was very terrible, and the condition o f thewas $775, but with the stipulation that he should paynothing for the use of the patent. A s the purchase of proved edition has just been issued by the Department,-J.-, MI^H*I>';|'»H^IIIM!^^TTr^i355S53SW^W5!B^^W. with Matteson that was not proper and right, and wn.-Andthisis^the.reply.theeditor.makes, Ifintented afatalcharacter,batauurglcalexaminationproredthatthojare"IhavebeenfightingmywayintotheGerman/Ian-- That,wetakeit,admits'that'businessrelatiotsdid aknifeandinflictedaslight,woundjtotheornocr«hand,b««ae congregationwillworehipthereuntilthebuU^Nr guage, and amregainingmy Italian, and,for want existbetween them;•aud ifwearerightinthis,Mr. cntiinchi«clothes. He'wsi eventually,t&ketiintocustody, and eballhavebeencompleted. Itisto bebuilt of- brftfkjwhichkvawningtoengmfit,Ishalldirectthe-infia-enceof The Avalanche to promote,their success. Ipepe.to so demean myself as to cohvince my; adversa-ries ofthe sincerity of the courae I intend to pursue,,while I may not satisfy them o f t h e conclusiveness of1' here at the house o f an English lady. I have already cofumn8to do BO. since'he ' wouldwilfihgly have^eVery]of more profitable employment, have turned play- Sherman can hetter; sta-te their precise character,than locked.up.actor. W e have been, getting up private theatricals• ; . ; • ; .any onerelBe cah, and therefore we tender himbur,the front to b^.trimmed with Nova ScotUt'stone.;jwbusmesa known,, Q'Shawnessy,together vwi)th.his wife outeide'planking is of oak: and pine. She is built for aandson,madeanattackupontheofiicer,whodrew'his firmin Havana for Cuba coasting,andwfllbetaken .clpb and made fhelbest possible' use of it^nt'the odds thither immediately. Her engines will be put In afterher anrral,-and it is calculated that she will then draw- pelled about a year ago. It appears that he left ure from White^ Cove; with a light, and fought like a demon; and succeeded in cutting•Far- about six/feet of water. There were but^eiryfevrIowa three yeais ago and went to Texas to fipda de- breeze, and in a short time were at anchor for the relseveral gashes upon the face andhead. A numberTyachts, whose-masters a e allowed an hour longer inbeccming aware of the intenticn, paid t aeir rent in adtyance,andthusthwartedthem. ThenextGrandJury Penitentiary...'.:..-;.'.'..C.. •682IslandHospital,fromAlms- 99ing to note. About 4 p. m., after a very pleasant trip,CONCERT EXTRAORDINARY A T THE PALACE GAR DEN EOOMS—Mr; C . T . Hopkins h a s composed! a Gloria in Excelsis, Anthems, <fec, which will be per- formed at different concerts on the 14th, 16th, and 18th inet., in the evening, at,the Palace Garden Rooms, Fourteenth street and Sixth avenue, by the New-Y orkorder: The Julia, Rebecca, Maria, Mannersing, F a - vorita, Maria, Rowena, Mallory, Undine, andNarra-gansett were almost closetogether. Next com9t h eTHEA TGRKENPOINT.MARINESHIP-YAKTJSAFFAIRS.Ill-noisaidIowa)theswampsoroverflowedlindsto' lin. SenatorBrodheadandladyarejustdisappearing DearDouglass,capableofaccommodating2,000people. of^OjOOOmadefortheimprovementoftheSquare, heldforpermanentofficers,whichresultedasfollows:Ntbraska; and that appropriations be especially asked nncer a huge surf. Col. Snowden, oi' the Mint, is juat It is well lighted and ventilated; and on three sides and also, because there is a question as to whether the President, Hon. J. M. Reed; Vice-Prc*ident«, P. O. Shermsa,lor the.completion ef the Capitol; at Omaha, the erec- coming from the shed in which the gentlemen get their M. DfiCarop; Recording Secretary, Georgo P . .Barrett; Corre-tion o'f the Penitentiary at Bellvue, and the building of bathing clothes, accompanied by his wife. G en. there is a platform containing three rows of seats, in- lessee of the Square is not required to keep it in order. sponding Secretary. Cttorles h. Frost, Treasurer, Jo&a Tnrn«f.va bridge across the Platte on the maia route betweenOmaha and Nebraska City. All of which recommenda-tions m et the hearty approval of the Convention.After the adoption of the platform, ihe balloting for aDelegate to Congress commenced with much spirit forrival applicants, Out with a general feeling of acqui-escenceastotheresult. Thus,ithavingbeendis-Launian of Berks walks down to the ocean, the center of a group of the guests of the United States."terded for the accommodation of ladies. The WigwamKxEcimvK COMMITTEE—Hon. A. WsAemaa, Hon. James Gariand, Hon. Mlllium Peaw, Hon. Mildon Russell, A L. Ship- man, N, T. Hicks, C. B. Culver, George J . Gregory, H. J. Arm-strong, Thomas E . Dcy, James Miller, William Cliaton, P . B . Cook.'•-.':• ACARD. ,andwhowill,assureasthedecreesofFate,beagain hasbeensaid,,isveryneartheearth. Theastronomer elected to represent this Territory in Congi-eas. T o reports as follows:these deafening calls Mr. Daily responded in a few Stephen was anxious to see his mother.' His forcible and well-timed remarks. H e was followed mother was anxious to see Stephen. The dutiful boyand local feelings a n d preferences, resolvedCOUP DK SOLIEL.—John Weiss, a German, aged 24jeers, was prostnttd by the ht-at on Wednesday, while working in a saw-mill in Fort,} -fourth street, and subsequently died from its oSect< W m Gill, a native o f Scotland, aged 24, residingtoward Boston, attracted by a relative of his wife. I t in Nebraska. Having thus secured the nomination cf was a case of relative attraction. On his way, ata tried and worthy standard-bearer—one for whose Worcester, some Judas "betrayed "him into a speech-.Col. Ryan was commandant of the 69th Regiment stNo. 8J0 West Sixteenth street, was overcome by the heat o n W*dhetday, while driving cirt. H e went home complaining of strip themselves in plain sight, and within fifty yards for many years, and was much esteemed.by the mem- his bead, soon b<»cau»' di.lWom and died. ,.r.. William Sulli- van, formerly living iu Fifth avenue, near Ninetieth street, died bers of the organization and by our citizens generally. ye*terday from the effects oi the hfot Coroner Q'Kx*fo heldancceae the Republicans o f the Territory may unitedlyand fervently offer up their political prayers Daily—they are about to engage in a euccesaful conflict, as- through there as a private m an, astonished at sured that victory will perch upon their banner on the the magnificent demonstraion, t h e . unexpected secondTuesday"ofOctobernext; andconfidentthat reception (like the.one•at.Hartford); hewas thepeopleoftheStateswillplaceatthehelmof "be:rayed" intoaspeech, inwhichhedeclared StatetherepresentativemacofthisRepublic,Abraham he was on bis way to seehismother. From Lincoln, on the fii6t Tuesdayof November, c. \v."PERSONAL. m '—The Rev. Dr. Niell of Philadelphia died in that mother, he starts in a north-east direction, and laudsat. Rutland, the home of his youth. Owing to the ryville- The aUendance i a both it stances was large" city on Wednesday morning, a t the age of 82 years. wholly unexpected airival in that place, so hallowed,alternate t o t h e Demccratis State Convention, were was also for some time the. honored President of Dick- imposed on—in lact "betrayed" into a speech.elected b y t h e Tammany Democratic delegates a t a He flees to th e north, he lands at White River Junc- inson College, leaving that position to act as the Gen-meeting held at Pythagoras Hall, Canal street, on eral Agent of the Presbyterian Board of Publication. tion. What ajunction, what a conjunction in pointof from the original statement as prepared by the Com-Those of Geneeeo organized a Wide-Stephen, how skillfully his anxiety to see his mother recommending an increase of the salaries of all the its yearly session yesterday. The following officerswereelectedforthe ensuingyear: Mr.JamesT.Hall of thefirmofW.T.Hall&Son,President; Mr.D. P. Foulds of Louisville,Vice-Preeident; Mr.Jas.N. Beck of Philadelphia, Secretary and Treasury. T h e articles of the Board were revised aud other routine business difposed of, when the Association adjournedexplosion. T h e crowd hustled t h e officer out of the details? Stephen, Stephen, who seems unable to cut —A grand Republican jaS.y occurred a t Odwego on his bread aud cheese even, is next seen at a clam-bakeMonday evening, Aug. 6, 1860. The Wide-Awakes of way, drew many revolvers, made a Conimittee of at Rocky Point; far, far frojn mother, relatives, orFIIVE-BELL-TOWERS.—There is great need of fire- to meet at Boston next year. During yesterday after-Fulton chartered a special train to attend the meeting; Safety on the spot, and guarded Booth till he chose to they numbered 260 odd torches. The Oswego Wide- leave the town.noon th e members of th e Board visited the CentralA*ak«8 met them at the cars, aud escorted thembaked clams and 30 000 people' to " betray " him intothrough the city to the Park.hied—some 8,000—was thenHenry Wilson, U. S. Senator from Massachusetts, aadThh d District, and it is probable that another will b eerected in the course of a.year or two, if the CommonCouncil take any action in the matter; b u t in the Sec-ond District, where there is an immense amount, ofpublic property, including the Atlantic. Docks, no complaint of his wife, Mary Ann Singer, who accuses <ui* v.* «ftw don't, care.a "braes farthin'" for hismeans have ever been provided by which an alarm of him of having beaten and choked her in a violent man-' the Hon. J . E. Vinton of Wisconsin.—The Republicans of Weatbrook, Me., have organ-—Thomas Francis Meagher, esq., who was charged', heels by the great ocean, as much as to say that, hav- wi-h the solicitorship of a grant of right from Costa ing traveled all over New-England on the strength of- '1 .,MINIATURESIKOXI.,andDAQvaxaaor^nw,The crowd there a«sem addressed b y the Honihe. map of New-England. Where do y o u think Stephen is now ? Why, way down o n the rocky end of Rhode Island, at Newport, kicking up his truantGAVE BAIL.—Mr. I. M. Singer, the great sewing- machine manufacturer, who resides a t No. 14.Fifth avenue, was yesterday arrested by Officer Colfax onHaze, Zinga, a n d t h eFUNERAL OF COL. RY AN.—The 69th Regiment, N. —The Boston Advertiser states, upon authority, that the Republicans, and a grand demonstration is antici-' Y. S. M., the members of two o r three civic societies,the suggestion of the Hon. Charles Sumner's name in connection with th e office of Chief Justice of the Su- preme Court o f Massachusetts has been made withoutpated. George W. Curtis, esq., is to be. the orator of. the occasion, and the Rocky Mountain Glee Club and thePrairieSongsterswillenliventheproceedingsand a large body of our eitizensj united yesterday after-noon in paying the last tribute of respect to the remainscovered, before t h e ballotings on the tenth trial werecompleted or announced, that S. G. Daily had received his knowledge or consent, and that he could not accept with their songs. T h e Wide-Awakes Will be out inSin: Observing an account in your issue of Wednes- day, a complaint having been made against me for extorting money from a party against whom Judge Quackenbush fawoed n wivmuifc far niu>Aa|t nn«l hnitMTj, I htOtm to w%y thai t h e »U*g*- tionu o f Mr. States, on which t lie complaint was made, are on- true in every es»eutial particular. The party was n.ot oonriot«d upon my testimony at the SesclonsICol. Corcoran, acting a s a body-guaid. T h e melan-cholycortegemovedupBroadwaytoTwenty-third andstated,atthes&matime,,thatthe..affairwassecretaayet, street, and thence by ferry to Calvary Cemetery, andif1chose1could settle it with him then andtherefor«reasonable sum. Knowing It to be a game to'extort money from where the remains were interred with the usual mili- me, I refused to listen to his proposition. I shall, at the properthe vote requieite to a choice, the enthusiastic crowd commenced their vociferations for Samuel G. Daily, ' the old war-horse' in the political fields of • Nebraska, wbobadTiobiy triumphed over a corrupt and united enemy once, and is able and willing to do it again;the office if it were tendered to him.—The Political Astronomer Of The Hartfordfnll force, and allRepublican Clubs in Brooklyn are in- vited to attend. The Wigwam' will be open every night (except Sunday) during the campaign as a rally- ing-point for the Republicans of South Brooklyn, and a drill-room for the Wide-Awakes. I t is also intended toholdpublicmeetingsinitasoften.asonceaweek up to the day of election.of the Roman Catholic Church were performed at thelate residence of the deceased in Leonard street, nearBroadway, several prietrio officiating.- About 3 o-oloolcthe coffin containing, the remains w a s borne t o t h ehearse, a detachment of the 69th, under command ofEven- ing Press has.been taking observations of the some-'what erratic course of a luminary whose (coat) tail, itThe attorney in the case served thetpapers npon ma himself,(in response to calls) by all the candidates, Taylor,Thayer, Marquette, Tafc, Mason, and Sahler, and byLockwooe, Tip*on, and Kelsey, who were not candi-dates. Allthespeakersfullyindorsedtheactionand westernsectionofNew-YorkState. Henaturally againstbathingandswimmiDginthebay. Allalong choice ol the Ctnveniion, a n a , laying aside personaladvertised it in the public prints that he was on his way to' see his mother. He started from the City of NeW'York to visit his mother, who resides in thePUBLIC DECENCY.—The police in • South Brooklyn tary honors. The coffin was of rosewood, and bore atime, and in the proper manner, show up these parties in a verydeserve severe censure for not enforcing the laws came to New-Haven, Guilford, and Hartfard, o n h is Red Hook Point the residents are annoyed and women•way, and at the latter place he was " betrayed" into aassist,inthecomplete triumph of Republicanism speech. Stillbentonthematernalpilgrimage,hegoes• walksonthebeach,byroasouofthepresenceofto buckle on the annor, and cheerfullyare compelled to abandon their afternoon and evening naked men and boys, who drive there in carriages andAt'Boston, betrayed again. Now, however, he started toward his mother. At Albany, seeking to passof dwelliDg-houees. Some of th?se fellows have been so impudent a» to blackguard a lady who ordered them away from her premises. This part of the city ought to have double the present allowance of patrolmen, and the officers should b e made to do their duty. A t present they shirk and dodge in the most reprehensible manner, leaving rowdies to do just ae they please in all the district below Hamilton avenue. Will the Super- intendent go down there for once in his life, and seefor himeelf? ' •~*.THE TAXES.—Another meeting of the Joint Board of Aldermen and Supervisors waaJheld last evening, a n d several"estimatesofthetaxeswerepassedupon.The amount to be raised for principal on the city loans was lixtd at $155,621 01, being a reduction of some $6,000» ln<iueht«.on the above esses; attd the juries returned verdicts in A CARD FROM MR. HEENA.V.—In our advertising acooidai ce with the laet*..i »columns will be found a card from John C. Heenan, SUICIBE BY A GERMAN.—George Eupp, a«ed 19 calledforthbythemaliciousstatementsofirresponsi- years,ofNo.13AvenueA,committedsuicideonWedne»d*yhere the pilgrim son reaches Saratoga. Here.he lays aside politics, thinks of his long unseen mother whom beisabouttovisit,and siirksintothegenialpleasures of the plate. Previous to this we ought to mention, he was " betrayed" into a speech. Full of thoughts of hisble parties. I n consequeace o f reports that he would not appear at the proposed festival a n d exhibition at Jones's Wood on Monday next, he deoms it necessary to say tbat he will be there, and at any other place de- signated by Messrs. Nixon <fc.Wood, to whom he has confided the entire management of his exhibitions.EARLY BIRDS.—The officers and non-commissioned officers of the'Twelfth Regiment yesterday morning inauguratedaseriesof,voluntarymorhiugdrills, forming on Washington Parade Ground at 4$ o'clock. There were forty-rive men present at the iuitiatory drill. It is tbeir intention, later in the season; to havefact w a s there! Stephen w a s "betrayed" into a mittee. The statement of th e amount, necessary for the entire regiment participate. Duringhisunusuallylongandvigorous lifehewas a speech. Cuttinghisfilialstickinasouth-eastdirection, officers' salarieswasiixedat$97,800. TheCommonWedi-esdav evening.—The Republicans of old Livingston are waking u ptrayed" pious iEteas into a speech at this very place. ihe original estimate. The Joint Board, however, r e - wam " a t Geneeeo, which they intend to have ready fromthejbilatMilwaukee, wasaddrossiog ameeting AtManchester,at "Nassau,atProvidence,,stillseeking futedtoadopttherecommendation, andif not recon-for dedication next week. Old Livingston will give a at Ripon, Wiaconsin, on Saturday; a Deputy-Marshal the maternal embraco that still receded, he is stiU sur-good account of her Republicanism in November next. attempted to arrest him, and there was a n immediate prised, andfctill " betrayed"—but why repeat the sad are.CHARGED WITH PERJCRY.—James Moore ofTSo. 30 Bowery was on Wednesday arrested, on _awarrant issned byda ly, unobtrusive example of the beauty aud loveli- ness which belong to the character of the Christian Man.•be inforrced u s a t Concord that he is v siting Ngw- BOARD O F MUSIC TKADE.—This Board terminated EnglaLd t o look upon t h e grave of a relative. S a d Council had at their last meeting adopted a resolntionep* woJustice ICelly, charged with perjury,in gwA earnest-AwakeclubonSaturdayeveninglast. Thegreatestenthoeiasm prevailed. They arebuilding a "wig- —ShermanM.Booth,whowastheotherdayrescued ofsomeextendedremarkswhich,inpointoffact,"be-Iperjury. Wm. MoKinloy ofBroofc-isdisguised. .This statement wasmadeinthecourse headsofDepartment,amountingtoabout$1,500above. of Moore agt. McKinley, before the lvn allegVn that in the suitSuperior Court, ihe accused was guilty of willful and corrupt peijury oupoints material to tneissue. Moore washeld1st* 1,000 bail to answer..•-A DESPKRA TE IRISHMAN;—A young m a n namedWm Heaney.wbile intoxicat*d. o» Wednesday night, made SOT- ernl attempts to assault peaceable citizens in West Broadway with a sluuKshot He rushed frantically into two or three differ- ent storeH. flourishing his weapon foriousJy about, and compoi- llnc the clerks and others to take night. He was eventually cap- tured by Ofiicer Mulkr of the Fifth Ward, and Justics'Kelfy held him in $500 to answer. .A TTEMPTED SUICIDE.—George Bowman of No. 25Jackson street was admitted to the New-York Xiospital, suffering from a sv.lf inflicted wound In the stomach. Tin*d of life, hehsd stabbed himself with a sharp-pointed kqife, but did not fcUUot injuria tfcat are considered fatal.graves, on this strictly private tour to see his mother, Stephen, w e tav} sinks the maternal for a season,in the early part of the present week^ The General was then in excellent health.RicatoAmbroseW.Thompsonofthiscityforarail- her,henowdon'tcarea"braesfarthin'"forhisfirecouldbegiven. Atowerisdecidedlynecessaryin ner,withoutanyprovocation.OnappearingbeforeJus-*—The report that Gen. Cass is unwell is contradict-ed by a near neighbor of his, who conversed with him a speech—a brief one ofau hour and a half. Look atizenaflo«uriahingWide-AwakeClab.—Mr. J . A . Stewart publishes a letter in The road a-.roes the Isthmus of Chiriqui,'has succeeded ia maternal! A nd yet, by and by, when fie gets recu- this District, as the City Hall is at such a great dis- tice Connolly, the accused-waived an examination, and[Advertisement.EDWARX> H. DIXON, M. V., Editorof TheSouthern. Confederacy, inwhichhesaystheUnion obtainingthecharter,whichwasunanimouslyap- perated,andwantstostartenanothertour,weshallliearhi8 low,sweet voice minglingwiththeroarof tancethatitisseldomthatthebellcanbeheard. Fire- putinbailtokeepthepeaceforsixmonths. Robertwill never be dissolved, and for very good reasons: proved by the Costa Rica Senate, aud on the 4th of thefcurfdown there by the sounding sea, softly sing- men residing in South Bjooklyn have repeatedly urged, W. McClellau of No. 166,Weat Forty-second; street, Scalpel, and Operating and Consulting Suxsson, No. 425tb.-*v.\ V Lincoln will nerer be elected; John CT Breckinridge will never he elected; John Bell will never be elected. StephenA.Douglas,thePrc-SiaveryconsistentNa- tional Uniwa Democratic candidate for the Presidency, will be elected oy the people. Abolitionism and Dis- unionumwill berebuked, andtheUnionwillbe saved."—At a Republican County Convention held a t Bing-hamton on the 7th, Ah?x. E. Andrews and DanielJuly last the Chamber of Deputies passed it by a nearly ing—."action in these matters, but without ellect. PROBABLEINFANTICIDE.—Considerableexcitementwas created in Greenpoint yt*aterday, by the finding of the h»ad, um:n, and putt of the trunk of a child, apparently but a few days old, under i-omo lumber at Bloorniield's tfbip yard. The remainsbecame his bondsman.NEWCHURCH.—Thecornerstoneofan.M„E.Mis-sion Church in Twenty-Fourth street, between EighthOffice consultations on the more obscure dJM**** o f the petvia viscera. Rupture, Piles, Varicocele, and Wrtnia> radically ourod11uzanimouB vote. somepaperssoonentitled''WhatIsawabroadsince January last."—The New-York correspondent of T/te" Chicago,Press and Tribune, speaking of the recent failure of" Wake and call me early,"' • Cull me early, mother dear."without the knife or ligature.Office hears Ctom * to 9,1 to #y .W e ucderstand Mr. M. will issue-.Clark were elected delegates to the State Convention.N. J . Hopkins, W . C. Doane, J . S. Palmer, and E. C . much younger than her hufcbaud, and is a faBoinaling ttornixg. Now, Sir, if yon want to be just to a politi- THE DOVGLAS ST A#B CONVENTIO.N.—Mr. John Mar-'in a little woodenchurch, situated near the site of thebnildirg now in progress. La«b year the little church best article in the market forgivinf to gray or rod hair »l*»t»*Xattell,v*ereelected delegates to the Congressional Convention (XXIst District). ,and fashionable woman.—Edward Bums, an Irish weaver, then living in Hebronvifle,Mass.,somemonthsagomixodarsenicpaper, I have been in ignorance of them until thiscal adversary, publish tins note; state your oaarges or tin of the Eifihteeuh Ward win chosen Delegu^e, and Mr. An- was burned down. The Mission Society, which nonviSTAHHINGAtKRAV.—ABtahbingaffrayoccurred,in labors on Tftc Mmpfiis Avalanche, with which paper with his household ittpply of flour, clearly intending to never bod conversation, or intorcouree1 or busiAee*. ft porter-houao hv A^utfc forest; near'South Ferry, yesterdayfo K» ^sss^mtt&SBisSS^ ohaisofcer wrtttjpi out In full.—MT.M.W.CiusKy incommencingMseditorial t • ••..•, ^**jmm •>fc*x••-.; • . . -:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• •. • ••• • •• ••;- • \—The Hon. John Sheiman has addressed the follow- ing letter to the editor of The Ohio Statesman .•:;...'• »[Advertisement]; . .is to be dedicated this evening b y amass meeting ofsidered the officers' salaries will remain- a s they n o wbell-towers in both the Second and Third Fire Dis-tricts, embracing that portion of th e city south of At-and allows one hundred and fifty buBhels of lantic street. There formerly w as a tower in the tion dined at the Fifth-Avenue Hotel.r e -A n erica, Restless, Gipsy,mainder following close upon them. Thus ends the Harmonic Society and a numerous choral force and anyardofMr.Ccllyerthe same signs of lively activity Furnishing1,000gaslampirorjs, and fordrilliogandaremanifested,andthereinanabundantpromiseofa tappingthecross-heads,toHughV.Ungelta,at,77'point. .•;'.;. . . . ' . ; • • . •'.";.' J'/lamp posts, to Hugh V. Ungelta, at $1 73 each post, two bids. Furnishing 1,000 gas lamps, to-Alexander Rawden, a t $1 99 per lamp, .five bids. The award for buildirjg a fence around Mount Morris square was not made, as it is not deteimined whether the e'xpense, if incurred, should come out of the special appropriationTHESOUTH ' BKOOKXYN 'CAMPAIGNCLUB.—ThisClub has erected a spacious Wigwam on Court street,')^}?fKr .1 &%&ffi granted 450 llcenaea thia year, which, at $30 alicense, net thesum of $18;500, which goea tothe^ cotoity fwtheiwppottoi'tne &$$&•%^'^.•^'r'^Smmmimmammm ' I j 3'jgifo*9-<ifgfW>I jT jLiQUonLicENSEs.-rThe Excise Commissipnewhavevarious Irstitutions are as follows: the first class to start for New-Haven at 8 a, m.,.ahd having succeeded in making their escape, Yesterday, *•'•''' AdxaitUjd stnee..T'*SY" 2,34v« iiplated a few days since; but the inhabitants of the den, Lonatic Anylnai.. i...;..., 769 Island Hospitid, f m W«dcmOur heated term continued yesterday, though hardlyso severe as for the previous tw6 days. The afternoonwas extremely oppressive, but a gentle breeze in thoevening,broughtsomerelitf.OntheMeriamictheory thoufandnewlampstobeconstructedafterthemodel of120hourcyclesandcquilibrii,weoughttobeneartteendof.ourpresentscorching.ofCol.JamesRyan. Servicesaccordingtotherites Tot7uEditorofTh«A*.Y.TYibun*.plate with the following inscription:JA.MES RYAN. DIBD AOOUST 7, I860, Aged 41 year*. Bequiescat in pace.• «•••<•»••••unenviable light. .Ne*c- York, Aug. 9, 1860.JOHN READ.Park and High Bridge, and in the evening the Associa-aud Ninth avenue, vras laid on Wednesday afternoonMANSFIELD, Ohio, Aug. 4, I860. w«;e found by anmn named John Ramor, and their dincavory by Bishop Janes. Rev- Mr. Ferns, pastor of the new Sportsmen's P en and Pocket Kwrrxs of the most rareaadSin:Inoticeinyourpaperoftne2dthatyouin- guvorihtjtooilkindsofbpecuiutiona,butnodefiniteInformation beiore. Y o u have not. had the manliness to send me )i.oxe intelligent imd ohiijing .peopla th<m your nvpfirW ©ucoun-tune,whichhehasneverjeopardizedinspeculation,is ter<d,bo•willfindhuubolfengagediu thepursuitof, kaowtodg« amplefor the future wants of his family. Mrs. L.is any of your insmuations, and as I do not read your under aifficuKiea. .-beautifulpatterns,manyofwhichhavenavarbaenbaforetts- ported. For sale by J. &8. SAP«»*a*» «0. % A*UcH.0«s)% Broadway. .,[ Advertis«B»at ] , ,Mr. Jacob Little, says that ' : Mr. Little, fortunately, sinuate that I have had some improper intimasy with could be obtained lu regard to them. Coroner Murpby wiw sentchurch, made a statement of the organiaation andprogress^ the Mission. I t was organizedabout threeyears ago, and attbat time the congregation Worshipedhasquiteextensive private means,and hiswife's for- Mr.Matleeon,andthatyouhavemadethiainsinuation "lbrtoirrvcbtigute the-c.i-r_n;u-uii-t-a.i.j.c..o..i., butunlftBHho meets/withfacts,ifyouhaveany; deal nomoreinlaelauationo; send me a copyiof your papev containing your charges; and,un.'e&syouidealinialdehoods,youwillfindthatIdrewA.M\iraAlfcersate,totheDouglasSkatoCauvtntiou.from the 1st A»Bumbly D»tri,ct, on Wednesday. 'be:eabout100members,afterwardspurchasedtheprea- «?ut site, at a cost of about $8,000, and the building newinprogressoferection,would,Itwasestimated,fAdvertisement] •4nPICTURE OF Y W R MXKX>.—If yo^wnnidUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com••*••«•**-•••'/•.-•• vAlouS'HouHC , 1 .4 4 1 : IXOUM* . . * • • • • • • • • • • • • » « •thied for propoeaJs for snpplying the city with one•' '' ;[Advertisement.J >GURNEX'S GALLERY*No. WTBroadway. FHOTcxtUAJ-Ks, IvoarrTPM,and 7 to Hevauings, » .,';'__ _ , ./FA^CT.CUTLERY, embracing a large variety ofHOYT'S HIAWATHA HAIR KESTORATIYE tow* black or brown. Bee advertisement in aaoiher oolumo.'.>••«••• •••**• .1,741•••?* •*ifM*\-lf*'—a.:w n*V**»rwis wr^?Va 