 -matt:..*:lm IfSJV4<* MeHm. Apflxtoh -will remove handsomely issued ii uniform duodecimo style, fiturt. Due other Mbjefety's apartments in the Piilace"=stake.the and i:uw that the subject Is ptninly expressed, you that the Constitution of the United Statea is ia aha-.party, solelyknown hereexposing Nine other books, of similar character, will be',extraorclnary memorythecity.under the supervision of Ur. J. H. SiODOHS, ispricesoald wereStales Senate on the first ballot, receiving de Magenta, commanded for the historical gallery of membera in Caucus. Hon, EnvAan LAxe'got elevenopenetl the of whicb controversy 1860,. -- -with a view ofCtxike,the China of tbe Times. correspondentpie,Honorably Senator, when first chosen to the high party affirmed that pledge, and ao did the IlnMJto'"that she order pleas^^-' gave ulm an to prepare a design for oPgoodfaith t I atoodwiUmc.-ta *i.a Aajlttte treatise may not answer the special pur-ifek viiMlPlg.y^---.': ^«^ •] /i ir tf*.JLANTHE PBJBSII»Kin|Bl^^•-iMlllnaM' doctrioe of ]'VAmour-9,0l*f.; "The Sister of Charity,"eoof. The aucuobeers, MM. Plllet and Boussauin,worthy1852, pledgedand thusin the Territoriesalada l9^iM^oSMt.occupy, movements of theminute directions to the traveler, concern- ing his outfit for a European tour, the expensesGndln, 1,3001.; "Cattle grazing" Demarne, J.OOOf.;Versailles.It is aaid thatvotes, Hon. Mr. Suwast six, an'd the residue wereiikkdiitwillhereafteria thais anotableitemcarried thoee compromiaeIhead of the Senator from Nun Tiak aiilMaji9iS9KiKTr^«-^7i^ -iT.^'':-'- ?*^rr.-?». Art"?^?!.' >- v^ •— -.'.'^*^>*>**^'fe»"-"'- "—'•'"the aatlrar oi the music was Duprez. That'sall.AMoapou,at the contribution. of Metropoliun School of Science, Jermyn-street. Fancy sellbig say shortnp-tomJ|it idUe profeatwr of Political Economy inwould like to have the Kensington, which was for- merly inhabited by Lord Uacaulay, and has beenlooking alter It.Theresult seems to have given general" ana rftbe Colleges of New-Tork has written aUr. PxAsci, asyon are |4are, laa well-tried states-man, and has ever maflkalned the high respect bibit Slavery in the Territoriea. Botk•-***l9W"ofHnLPxa'BImpendingCrisis,not in.tka interest of any -aatof Biavery, butConquestofremarkthatheavoided caucus manoeuv^lngs, whilst his quite active In this respect. Tbethemselvestostood pledg«l not topfoiil^Jiinanlikat are regarded as serioas andestimate the pruceeos of theday'ssale atsomethingbyact ofCongreaa. SieAHK- tetheXhe itatietical'III. HkLPza draws from them, are sharp-promise new work by Rev. George Glifillan, entitled AlphaIn 1854 weKebraska act, the same minciple that; fajjlteaaonings tables,The partisans of Wagner, says the Court Jour- at rates lower than ns/, deteimliied to be lecogDized even in the streels of Vienna, refrained from hair-cutting, small -toothnailcomb, brush, or toap-and-water; tnose of Lisztonly• ,^Uatoitcal examination of theracy as to fully confess himself a DemocratHeis,anAtte means for practicableprises the Amsterdam edition ef Dappc&'s N(ifcheap napolis since the Legislature assembled, purposely Territories.of that notoriousposition he nowfills, was a staunchWhen the racy.earnedia thaSmmb- feinB 4ICkv^ctitJcized andsntkoT devotes considerable attention to a*^>^^i<e8 of any political party, but it will certainly eonbibate to the desirable enlightenment of thepaUic mlbd upon the gravest question of the pres-DlKi's Belgtca, of 1660; the edition of Vas- pils, as he entered bis own huutie, and rolled in theTbe excitement stiU keeps op at this venerated hasaworknear- capltaL Thelobbiesarefilledwithpersonspressing,tntk win be looked for withthis has been faithful to' tiie near The Treaty mod tbe Budget—Lord Ward— majoilty. A delegation of one hundred and seventy jtutment. Whatever agttatioa hat•"HoLOOMB ; a volnme of Oceasienal Semons, by "Itlsveryinae—never mlod—shell oot—It will bo to 300 copies.coatrlbnttms to aerial Uterabua are so poor, la this[tionofan increaaed demand. klkb btaiieh of tnde, which fcri- JoflMT, and thiew an immenae the hands' of the pabliahers, under the reTivrnj in- jiit 4 tetter financial condition, while theMifttlaTI lUai^fth the opening of the Spring. sued ihottiy, theS -S^kWofc-coanten bead beneath loada of hand- Wx. B. Bbaobubt isCanada and the United Stales. The book will con-tain the principal incidents from the departure of theoiicketeis &t>m Liverpool tmtU their return to mat port.The London Xiwits has ooBdesBeaded to laform the Biltiah public that ths " Benlcda Boy " is tralolng for his fight with Savxssat Bast Harnham, nea^alia-is aDnadiJywoTrtklsegrIaUph very lixataant.We pabiished on Ihattixj-af i^_SxwABo'8 able aad ai^oakiaBjicgitly dbappearedbury,the accnmn-lattoMOfoId (tock have been woiked off duiing * The newlugslikelylong;mount^eogoo^^virfninea, damp ftom the pteaa ;his new BookAnthems.edition of the Novels and Tales Bralloi, MlBister of Foreign AITalra under the last peare correctors alleged to be discovered by Mr. Col-t^Ul; the doat is bniafaed oat of the conien of ofto be Buoo A. issu^dtiyis Prince BIbesco there Is ths Oin- In the Perkins Folis,giteokedthe Holboni Casino. I Uke yon, Tele-a graph! yon aie so geateel and respeetable. Who a-days for eachi:}biinrjr in and scamper oat aatlkora' faces are broaderonseries will be Cesar Birotteau, to be followedhave inwork of their series of Mary Anne wrote that articlegentleman intJMftlpten'Longmanawrlllngs. It Is to be entitlMl Sacred Muttngs, or Itan- fights,theai' flielT bank-accounts larger; thewhichcolumns f Who, but Bxlasoo, the pugilist. Me sayscanaa-af dtt 4U'comprisebetweenbeing adopted. for tbe volumes, whlcb lsat>out to appear. America and England wUl love each other all the sityI ;areThe translators are DOW entertained the men in The Valley. by power.In the~ since ensued.I •• Are dUigent seeker for novelties tho^Jade Is ip a very satisfactory—tmVmmamauitiaaB qnarten'now preparing for 'ttMMfWttBaiarble buildings on Broadway, near;and It aiH>n-official givlxigblemanfoogjitamamofcocksagainstLordSiroh ifthosewho otthat complained Viatelpublishers' pocketsTheUe8srs..WtOHT and GoooucBappeared latelySpring.Rustic." the same, " Interior of aby 4,u00f.; CaCtsite,"Thackeray house at Campden Hill,scattering. satisfaction.ent associates. Wr in fhniii na—and stUl less in the inter-of &c., society,preparedhind," by the same, lO.tOOI.; Rembrandt's Study, Watteau,glaringblundersUessrs. Hall k, of London, Virtue,production. and the inferences whichvaluable guides for travel on the Continent andand Omega, or a Series of Scripture Studies.Whig.supported Mr. Btjcaaiiui,out,their errors exposed. TheAn auction gale of rare works, pertaining to all these to a fibiCAl emnlojedand seta forth vervNfaida as the fundamental wrong of the systemapplyingremedy.indication of deshe to An Essay leithout an End, in the last CornhUl his nomination.Hence I am not willine to ait banaadi Senator from New-Yens, vrith alt tfiei'antbority he has with the powerfhl party «he is the bead, to;andpart.:&:*»-;^:m^^^'^^%-^-^watering programme- Ijturned to France after having—drawlhktoaclose adjournmentmusttakeplaceonentJh? ^AXftssj haye in press, to be issuedseveral months In an artUtic excursion in South and Nuith America. Homeward Bound, in continuation of their elegant After remaining some time at Rio Janeiro, he as- ceiidf d to a considerable distance tbe nver Amazon, which 16 80 Uttje known. He was acciimpanled by three or Idtir slaves, aod lived a deal meDr.Doran'swill Include the heir apparent.day.W. A- TowKSPND & Co. havespentZrtces Of the Princes of Wales,Sir Edwin Landseer, E. A., is^busy on his great mulate dhlly. Baltimore Cityeaiiy in the Spring; the Narrative of Lord Elgin'swith Dablct's illus- This is one of the latest of the author's•'•Tbe Inundation." ENGLIKn MATTEBS..wil'a serial for the Comhili has Uagazitu, yetAs lor HsiKiii and Sattss, there Is noiprise" Pasioial Scene," Boucher, 3,0001.; " The Oatldnt•jCJ-'v-. esoDali to pay for oor breaKf*st."iTtie pabUsher paidTheOwen, to be publUhed by Mr.A :Bev. BAHoai. FiBBia, O. D., President of Hamil-the 2* franca, and the ikiee IrleDdaweu to breaklastgreat, anatomistFormerly ke woeildwrite lornganaes at aU,and the third of the American Bio- graphical Series, giving the history of Capt. Johstogether. Whyllita story T the resder •rill uK. Oh,of IsxAXi. PcTRAMj't£eir (tock and iMOiDg that of DaRIKL Boom,—and tlie history of Baaa-yootfa- rhymesthathecanrake aadwhichwasnot Ullywhite is about to publish an thought worthy of a place In hiusp, volumes, and".ifllior.Mott of the City; the second,justpubliahed,isUr.Frederickaccotmt of theful copy printedDioT Abkold will follow that of Joh* Smitb.It would be extremely odd if the^MAibNS an- nounced no new books on Ifnsic. It is not sur-getting fifty ant ihina.oreighty gtilseas for It. Truly a pleas-Beptr_prising to learn that two of theindefatigablecom-whereat the Baunders, Otley & Co., Ix>ndon, have in prepara- In Its smallandthis eslabliBhrnent, are also on the Spring docketBalzac,Cablztos,The initial volume of the bov'tz*, founded by M. Bobntlneano, a poet, and U. Theaponaibleauthor. IthaabaeMWiMHiMgettingr bravely.Panta^ GbUta, brother of the present Minister of the interior, snd an organ of the moderate hberai opinionspreparation concluding do you think, some one had the inq>ndence to sayagalast prize-'..he readme of theTixxs. twentynew Balzac thirty volumes,prov "<if.noM will Bot be Democratic broken, nor yottr pocketume of PjlUU GODWiB'aisaned immediately. Ur. Qodwik takes up the re' admirable collection of Dablxy's vignettes from t>ez,eficial gifts to tbe University "aigim. cord from the earUett period his initial volume ;CoorxR's novels, which the same are publishersins negro eqnality areiitiIsalaoin thepress of the Habpcrsbarfdaa-a revised edition of Ur. Sqcizr's Nicara- not fail to becwt., value £56,0171856,5811 cutpapUainae,and can-The HAr.rEBs are publishing the Latin and value £440,523; 1855, 24,«44 cwt., lalue £310 9U,gua, a work which has enjoyed a flattering suc-"Words, from the pen of W. H. Wills, bearing the^ title of Old Leaves ; and Stories of Inventors andDiscoverers, a comprehensive resume, by Dr. TlMBS.The Domerons admirers of the^ALKx^xoEBwill be to Icam that two new vol- fstBtjiy glad;rbeiefore. If an extra or special election would beWMea ofthe writings of Dis. Jamis W. and Acdi-MV AlrXXaxDlB are among toe books forthcom-faf from the press of Cbablis Scs!bneb & Co.Tike correspondence of Dr. JJlHIS W. Alexandibwill be issued in the latter of in two press capitalthis bequest. It Ht,l tie remembered, was tbe forma-tion ol a Stiskerpeare Museum In tbe house w^e^eSbaKerptare is said to have b«-eQ born, at Str%lfurd-npon-Avon. Bytheunaniuiousdecisionofttieab-^veexcitement and admiration, the whole shopocracy,snobocracy and fituf-aunc-lem of Great Britain. It was not. In tbe language of Sir Bctwza, " What willthat work, which I think will fall.Parties are here from BalUmore to secure atHi under the Divine law, and hcDce 4ntt'aD4the Duchess d'Orleans, translated by ;f^j^tim. filOTH, of this City, to be published in April.It matters sot that in reality It is protection toHaUla'.."l^^pairi efT\"*'JhJi edition, readered Irom the last issued in Paris, sameto oa aceouat of thethe letters of the,"r^ _ allllnri by her tutor. Prof. BcHUBEBTn.would tie on this solenm occaslen. Heplement, of the work called Tlie Conflict of Ages, says the wtrieTKEKm, has been set at rest. Lady Cul- surrender those to furnish France with the means of he accompllshta the wishes of his heart, althougb a system of black lawa ttUl omn aaMsr~.< . ^onpriaeeDuchess, originallywabdtliesequel,The curious question of the Uilton autographs,but for his death. The would_„have surviving ^rsther, uow-and theexertions of His%ver, has fulfilled bis task with scrupulous exacti- tB^. The same house announces, as likewiseed that steam-coal Isat plentiful present.tbe material. Intellectual andand the white man as etinal; thatM^i ««k of Bev. Ja8. UcCusu, ProfesAr of Logic and thatfext-book on;_-l^andAnatomy Physiology,ou whichof Kew-York does not allow a negro to;it.<iil^l>aprofitto Fiencb shipping. worthy ot the highest admiratitn, aod that Cat-nnllci tveen the ne'gro and theiri Mtma TheB'thopsaidIt verysatisfactoryto himto^rpnblicUion, the profound—philosophical try and care. It is what it professes to be, and Mtb year, the niilow ul Jeau Paul RIchicr. She mir-provision of our Constitution and lam-s^M tablishes inequality between tbe BegiaaMtte'aiid his son, J)r. have been HitCHoocK,Cecil resigiilag th^ He m lo Mr- Cl(tfd,lateol the /^s»s.equalitythe past two^liatelgiBC and mostly rewriting his Geology for the"'^"""^ """". achools andanoUier son. Prof. C. U.—to dosaysgood tion wh*n he gave liim*elf up to pullii^. He la awhitewaifl ytfp.her pages. It isproposedgained Waas had advanced Irom £ilu,00« lo £iao,«)0 to sarrysays the tendency of thalr d ofthewUtenias. He-f and failf to aaavr«ijt,France, to beandunfairlytreated. Wehavealreadynoticedthethe nation more uneasy, as the frightful nature of the "sell* dawEs upon the Intellects of this man and that,4nd is more and more featuies of tbe nationar be- and financial juggle. Strange to say—so strange a being Is the said John Bull—that he tooa aS^th's publishingas the veil of specious sophistry lifted from the startlingtrayalapana pendence to show that the fathers of th*^V''*^: A valuable condensatioa ofREio and Kil-y - > KIM'S Uitiory »f the Presbyterian Church in Ire- his new theory concerning the origin of evil.axe established as — genume Dawsonus as well under-carrying us on ocean. agalntt the wishes of his physician. But he may here odious. It U written in the Coaatttntiaa *rtl States that five slaves shaU count eqoaltaf.''7.publishedbean faithfully condensed by Dr. Auxandxb into of sermons delivered in theand to thasTusE. me wants our coal and iron respect of the world the encyclical letter of the Pope, There }0U lind his doctrine clearly laidiomar;net'.cs. Theyexceedingly beautilul,;,ever, for Baltimore, would be useless unless an ex-t 'littlevolumes,two ofwhich, containingHorace andCreator with certain inalienablewhich are life, liberty and the ptuanit oC'lbook College, Belfast, entitled year-book ul facts in science and art.rito Jean Paul Iu~in 1825. Tbe only sou ol ttlls marriage (a daughter,taxes, and [jaldburetioftiions ruanagediu Queen'sThe IntuHions of the Mind, Inductioety Inves-iigMtcd.Ketaphysicsharassed as he IS on all sliles by 'he rebellluaof a God.,portion ol his ungrate'ul "iibjects, tjy the Intrig'ies of The Senator from Xew-York says, h>President ofHitchcock, Amherst College, the Bible, callofiLessons the author ofdifcovcred that we c.inoot live without a'>urWb-it an exchange 7— with isksu In connection, ttxi,having lately completed the school and collegevenerated and b«- lovf d beao ol their church uiMin caitb.slave within her limits, but because tiontobe published in a duodeca Boof 4Mpa(ea,alBJlar in style to the present volnme. The latkir ia now in its thirty-fifthedUioB.try,a statue of Lady Godiva, ef high renown. Mr. Taom-AsMTlcaqaiqil&i^asd^sr Majesty'shaveobffrved tueb alarge meetloa.He waarequest-Mr.editor of the Annual Dis-The ChMrivari •lory :"The Uessrs. Longman have in theedttlen (the seoond) of n< Hutm^ tf Adult Ettucation,is nowon our own side, and the fact of the preferenceicolleges.onfl<ataat« poet; and if he had cultivated poetry with half the character and lameaae wealth of Lord Waan. That Fatber were they not to tesufy to bltn their apprecia- that are free from his ob-ectSoo-'Yaf.iTha work willJlHtU the press' of Messrs. IvisoN i. r^Jlia to include the latest theories andindividual baa since thea brought That an addreaa t}e drawn up Id conformity with iiigpress, is a series of Essays on religious subjects. have held a very higb place among tae poe's of our year's rent of the Opera House, against Mr. LcaLxr, tbe foregoing resolutions, and that it be traosmitte'l notwithstanding tbe leading meaaC'ilthe*f " "' ill'mtnti-nti by English andDavid A. yrmLU, Itrnf known aa thegivespresstahne. Father ef the Cburea woald bo pooied upon thera[Orrat apahuae.]Tbe Bishop taea proaoaaced tbe beaodicUon, afterthe negni ia that aiiT'-«<JP?frleantry, »nd as an asthor o* text-books eawhichfilled avacant la the,•ejence, has been" whichofOShasapnrw!•"1!»exoUlawd HsBchaaterAtfccaaiun.Vbe rather remarkable book,tbe Bishop, aad three for Ue IrishJ^lyfor »ch,H,l., academies a>d ptinta atody. ^'2^^.TM. i' Sl'^'i-^*'*!!* sttractlvachara^ar-^ snil I >UD aa huDcrr as a lawyai's deck. Woat's to bednwl'' " Ibave aa ides,'' saM tbe list spfaBaf.article is that •BtiiledThe Last Pieaek Hero,"nce was;*|»;eoplouri, mustrated. U nearly le.^ i.waa Lvrrea,, Of th.la».. wtoji ,pp„^S^Sl bought la Sobj IVISOB & -axktd the whetbar he would Kaasric Baakaa. Ma aacratan af Stale to tha Boaca- •OBw little Umnewage! As for Anoea^ Fnaek tale,PmsHXTTolume of Mr. Pawoh'bjafaaea. aaotdtaaryJ writearx vwvoonUi aj^jiUifeaKc haavea tvaaaBhxruatdl so i!at af lirtag. Ksw-Orileaas. Tae Baraaa.i any wappear duringof Scitniijie" Shall wematter and Illustration, that It la evtdeatphysical eagaged dnrinf the paatyearinwill Lot suffice to save abethiaktogoft TuiatoMImckiaaui. Whstaiaey elernoftha•atalPatrlek'sChurch.fo^hauatjdffi^^^ eaty negroes,jsd thrsogh here ectltala,p*sssdfliek «B-*|i«eiilslioa garsad Its Mi ~X at ^atttr fconflict to the Ialwayselegaat are now In treaty for tbe purchase of It.cannotbe siiii ofeverynow-a-days,alRi|,white man is void, becauae le tha contrarytheTelegrtiph'sLily ofijfUMC, lecoveiing from its indifierence, tleman well known under his nom de plume of making It a real newspaper, by Increasing its size,the latter a gen- "Dick Tinto," a name savory in the recollection of;fifth edition of bis work on the Westthat sisce some snob broke his nose he does notthe repeal of a sacred;The andeach novel completei^ itself. The publishers de-sire it to be understood that those works from theofficial documcDLibut there la some of questionap-compactUws w*l^rttg-Oreet. Their^i present baildiag, formerly pen of Balzac, which are vicious and immoral in the artl&t prepared a Id cbalKs 16 feet designPacific Ocean, and abida it byeutiie Boulti, without ooe exoa|itiMAccording in successive Portfolios. Two have andof capital, will, of course, be unseated and the politicalprinciplisclose of the session. To order new election, how- speech rests. He quotes the Dedanttait^HMiK'treating wliolly of Ancient Gaul. Dr.SmalUr Bi»tory^of Oreece, a compendiuS^or been already issued, each containing eight vig- lows: Iji 1864, 4 983c»t, value £55,666ofa new election ordered, but not until towards the the law 01 God. That is the Inaiaandservice for to come. yearsmayIn this labor he appropriate selection and yet continuea Slave <State thatstoutlyneatlyHoly See, and tbe CbrlsMahat mslntained the rights of his suC';essors are reason every otherIare eminentlypopular.value£fr3598. Theexportswne ccaa-; a series of selections from Huusehold Greek classics, in neat, elegant and very convenient IbiC, 30.195 r»t, value £4i5,355Ira session should be called, as our Legislature will ccr the luipuied difficulties of his sore-throat, and Constitution r< quires an election. It Is doubtful,negro was iiliimdhavebeen issued.The is typebe sent back-—con-part April, densed, corrected and continued to the presenti e^iiHis, one octavo and the other duodecimo, time, with special regard lo the wants of students. We (Aiheritrum) hear from Be.lin that the largeagainstthethe Constitution of the UniteiStabMagreeableas,sculptor,the Ettisal City, aad the hean of th«lr comowa Father. Be-<b*a thanked Ufai, la th* name of tbe Church of Meatrsal and the Blsbop, (or thsir d*3an-' SU,justtion Strongby^'with TkoufktsUr. Anthony Trollope, while superintending a prove of fightmg. Apropos ot Lord Dxasr, that no- disturbed for more tban a qnaitar of a iis progressing favorably towards Its completion.Ur. and Urs. Charles Uathews have reappeared ttts dry goods establishment, and is to be entirely this edition. Only those which are quite unex- The design Is allegorical. In the centre Is a me- at the Baymarket Theatre, London, In a new comicdallon 111 Daarble of Uie Empress witb the Graces'teanaJFrtrnr^. losing the character it has held for ceptionable will be put into the hands of the trans- rrowuirg her with garlands, the Arts presenting their drama, by Tom Taylor,' entitled " The Overlandlong by McqiM by the Society Library, has been rented character and influence, will not be included in 13 feet t^ad, which her Majesty fully approved of.wss willing thus to abide by iti,tel'<Ito past ten years as a sort of general literarylators. attrlbQles, and Fame flying around, la the celling We understand that the success of Mich- alio area zephyr, surrounded with clouds, and car- rying a batkei of flowers, from whlcb Cupid risesRoute."Clarkson Btan£eld, B. A., is painting a grand Correspondence of the New- York Times. /view of the Bay of Naples, taken from St. Elmo, look-In anticipation of removal, the ApplktohsaaMOse* a clenaace sale, which is to take place blxt's La Femme is nearly equal to that of with his bow and arrowd^pAt.pBfteSTthinst.,atthepresentstore. Thecata.aM-aerra. Iteompriaea'avaluablecollectionofworks increasing.denounced it, and denoonced^lague wfll tieat public auction, without re-figureportraitof toe Princelope-JfctheM. Eanke, author of the well-knownelected a foreign associate of the French Academy ^f""-Moral and Political Sciences.U. Horace Vemet, before leaving Paris for theDemocratic Caucus is in seision below in the Cham- ever, Hon. Jans ALrazs PxAsoa was renominated tothe Unitedthirty-Uiree votes out of the fifty-eight Democratic inated by the adoption of 1'alreadypublished,History ofbeenseries; some eight thousandcopiesand the demand is stillThe rlal."tiyingto the Popes and other historical works, has just been ber of the House of Delegates. A half honrago, how- fives of the enactment of the b^toaf:Wt, and standaid pnblicationa, numbering up-cataafrom the large stock of the establishment. announced as in preparation by Ur. Cbablxs B. For Instance, the Bennington, Henry III. receiving^Ite lonoval of this house to the central the Spanish Amt>a6&ador," was knocked down for posi^on NoBTON. The first is nearly ready. It will com- the esoimous sum of 44 Wul., " A Seaplece," bytha FHiCe4 it bad passed the Senate an n^ owiia,''«ni4*<>f .I>700 lots, heing selections and dupU-AofHandbooks toEurope, compiledlate LordHenry ^ymour,has been justcomplet«d InextravagantPails. Seme of the ~"ofof travel and living, the law passpprts, customs Decamps, 3.4Uuf.; Oraoge.Eelier,"the samej3.05uf;"Hortes," Gericault, 4,00«f.; "Horses seen from be- " "a the great policy, rebuking_by Ur. Biddoms, a gen- tlemanofyearsandexperience,whohasbecome RobertFleury,4,550f.;"ScenelaaPark,"tion by the Congress ot tbe Cnitad Butm^ttaHh jM^^gfein the East, and those of Udbrat.The firstofworks of beeo iesueJWhig Partydied out heaffirmed in the meaattiaa flf comproBiiaeWorld of 1G73;the Dutch edition of GaicciAB-avoiding anypress, personaUyiPCCCI of 1509earlyenoughme auingAdolphus Trollopewhich Ifor the" theMr.Thomasly ready upon the merchant Princes of Florence.arraignpublishedcomplete editionthe justthe bytifaafthecanaasandresultsofthelateezpedi- Presswhichdidsomuchtodisturbthepeaceof Franceacollectionofcuriousbirds,Inaecuand.^tloB to the China Beas, it covers an important his later years. He was represented, by soma of plants, '^pose the bill and press another, by tha citizens—ears sistance of the party ofto nm at three cents fare. The effect of this visit, head, to this great principle wUdt b , however,hasrathertendedtoincensemembers,who fiedbytheAmericanpeoalaattirtiWataiical epoch, while the -Established Uierary the journals, to have written it for the purpose of The mnnificent gifts of Uiss Angela Burdettqf the Nem-Yorh Times. LOHSON,Friday,Feb.17,i860.ering that not only are John's comforts and luxuries concerned In their precious concoctions, but also hlanpotation of Hr. Ouphaxt asaur^s a readable satirizing and the character and man- Contts, to Oxford University, consisting of a valuable ridiculing "savetheand well he may, consid-elections. Ifhesoleom and repeated judgment ofand Triable narrstiva of the events of which he' is ners of his countrymen, and lo have taken occa- collection of Devonshire fossils, to be called TheJohn Bull can talk about nothingTreaty think it too dictatorial. -^They were like the King of Fraice, who, " with forty thousand men' marched up^The same house has inPcngelll Collection," and the transfer to the Chancel-itoual ability aa from the advantages of bis official po- flUou.^(Dalifiadtheliistorian,sion to laud his own personal superiority In thesethatand Scholars of the Uolversity of toe sum of £i,01iO thiee percent. Consolidated Annuities,hill and then marched downThe Eastern Shore Railroad bill, which has passedI people to which he appeals, thereas well from individ-the ataad Budget present,press Historyofthe first vol-and his time fixed for theexistence.Everyhour, as theWe believelor, Masters,theagain."general munity holds liim now to have been most unjustlyi-,<,<d5dTM3particulars. sentiment of thethe Senate.Judge Sxuap, of Baltimore, will probably be de-posed.The Baltimore delegates being wholly at the mer-cy of Democrats who are lookmg to the manufactureintelligentportionscholars, to be terroea Tbe Burdett Cuutts* Geologi- cal Scholars," have, of course, teen acceated. It has also been agreed to affix the University seal towill theHouse, pass"" Testimonies concern-mod ubtU ne had amassed dirt use of themselves oiice more.andpeople called Quakers." A very mouth-hJm;mj reapouflality of Ihislectures.Ary SchefTer, 12,-throughissued in rapid succession, forming a series of over 13i,4(IO francs.favorablypublicor wereaud athe early history of America and Holland, is to ous anecdo;^ is told of a raging Wagoerlte, after subject Slavery take place on the 20th and 2l8t inst., at the rooms hearmg Llizt without prejudice, hariug suddenlyand what he clearly stronglychanged hla o(>liilun cortceruing that great master, of Basqs, Ukbwih & Co. The catalogue com- letoluttly entering a twrber's shop ou ma returnAmong the novel applications of photography It Is worthy of remark that he has not been In An- non-intervention ~ t—|iihali<a afcl with^veiyta^a^of.'the 'published" teiwaids went In'o the United State*. In addition to eagerness. Descrip- the serious controversies with tha newspaper a valuable collection of urawhigs, be has brought toMarch. Business,however,seemstoacox the 1 Otn^f The Brock dt Co. Pas- senger Railway question continues to attract tmusnal attention. Tbe charter for it has passed the Selfate.butseries of Coopib'SNoveb,JVAar, private secretary to his lordship. This novels, and is one of those which involved him in Red Indians, by whom he was kludly treiteU. He af-pictureMutio* to Ci«iui and Lawrknce Oli- Japan, byvention in thecompromisetrations.good amongilieu of it, the Democratic Party fiiaa./Eschylus,clear and distinct, and no pains have been sparedto secure entire accuracy lor the text. They have Justices has confirmed tbe decree of Vice- Chancellorof that ffancy ot the Stock Exchange, amuse the Cluos, fur- ana Ohio Railroad. Tbe vote upon this question —that the Declatationof IndapeadaBealalso published in their classical series a transla- tion in prose by EvAKS of the satires of Jovenal, PiRsics, ScLFiciA and LnciLics, to which they have added Gipfoed's well-known metrical ver- sion of JuvPKAL. We have also from theirprolificWood, which declared the beq'irst of the late Mr.John be must rtm very close. Effisrts are alsa malting to re* the and the wfaitaa edition of Huue'stie void, ULoer the rule of law against tying up pr >p-daubts a!X)Ut that sore throat. It may ha^e been a doJge to gam time, excite sym-aader the title of Forty Years' Correspondence It is issued in a handsome vjluine, uniform work on is no« very Egyptian MvnuTjients, by Lepslus,wi& a Friend, The letters are edited by Dr. with their similar edition ol Gibbon, and adhirably complete. It was t>egtm twelve years ago and hastalker ? Why should the situation be only open tolaw, and that Senator wHl not contradicx the • nent. Ihaveanextractfromoneofbiai now before me, in wBch that pntinctly put forth. In a speech madel^esa Hali^ who brings to his task the warmth ofold ftiendehip and the judgment of an ezperieucedBteiaiy executor. Each ^tion will comprise two continuation of their excellent series of standard leiultof his travels In Egypt and Emlopa, Taeiea. Tfab woA wil^beJ»lIowed i^May by iitnumt »f iht~.^4isim Alexander, to beIte two yolomea duodecimo.' Oqibixb & Co. have also in press the Me-Roman Catholics of washeldinths St. Patrick's Church. Theillustrated with wood cuts.Messrs. Deeby & Jacksok have published, inIn sixillusttaied with excellent drawings and maps. Herr Lepslus offers ia ibis work to the sclenrfic world tliemeetingofthsEnglish-speakingbound, and —one.oftbe lady In bis studio, and the Coveotry eorporattoa reroraUig.ofScientificDiscoveryno meansour txial and iron we have hitherto managed to;uaremlnlngDeclaration of I' IndependenMiaeagakadthe following as a " tree Twen^ years ago, three yonng meo werecarry out thaita new IT Uklag tve handred copies of each of these. Omts stratkn, aa* bo|iod ikat tlM eoimaa beaedletloa of siun. Iftfai^j T^-"--r-:*:England,um whtcli ooiy cuarltaalo be.i have myselfgreatto the law-aC<'Frenchhis celebrated Provincial Letters, and Yoltaibs'sCharles XII., with a life of the author, and es-says on his genius and character by Uaoaolay In India are cow ready. The obverse Is a medallion and Cabltle. Both these volumes will prove of the Queen, and the reverse represents Britannia:Literature. Pascbal'sWorks,includingfairCoBDxa la tMinsidered to be the champion of Free- trads, therefore this treaty Is a Free-trade prop-osition and must not be ipoksn againstwelcome additions toevery library.The climate and soil of France ars more than balanced byIt was your ezpeeta-comes The ConcordFrance at the expense of Eogland.pressBiicnEB, beingof Ages, byor rather com-the rlghtof talBaca &aat tbe raea «a «a>a the coal and Iron of England. Therefore we ars to had promised he would attend tha meeting, aad to-day pated. Yon, inOhlo,aregalltyiattain which the some time author,uudtisellligFru;ce Is to retain the "privilege of a disci imlnatlng give you a solemn attentjou of niit approval of your men as a basis of representation ; aiad it la 1IJMi, by Bev. Saxuu. D. Alizamdui, is rea.dy forfaUicatiiHi by BoBisT Castxb & Baos. Theorig-faal work:, containing 1,800 closely-printed octavo Professor In Andover Theological Seminary. Ii Ur. John Lcmoinne, the well-known writer in fages, vul much too bulky for general perusal, has is a collection, in a neat little volume, principally tbe ^otirnaf dea Debars, has just beeo married to Mile.tka limits of a 12mo. of 375 The pages.chapelry and elsewhere, which the author has been in-1Speeches wet* made by Mr. Dsvus ahd Mr. CtiaxaYoufindthedeclarationthatt~praparingthewoik,assumedanoffice whichwasenemy lo arms against her with these commodities II France were actually menacing our coasts, she isof tha TVue IViIntj>, and th* following resolution* wer* adopted:andDivine is not ai law, l^nriinjbeen the doctrine ot thesuggested by his brother, the late Dr. J. Adoisonof those whoure moments carmot be better employed than in perusing such works as this. The same publishers have issued the Annualfor 18C0, edited by David A. Wells, A. M. It is full of valuable information, collected with indus-ofthe LoBdon CrUu, cootilbute a curious Item to theirThat the—AuXAiiiixii. upon wlioro, indeed, ilie labor of in-partHarperBrothers,to be obtained on the mott favorable terms, wherewith ber aavy is toRt—ived,energyeonslstencyditing the prefatory statement fallen>years. Ihavenotheaid|tU.afti||)MMl: for tbe first time. I have OMt liiiiwM*editor,inIMessrs. Golld & Li.ncol.n, of Boston, haveland retalLSsave ber income-tax, whlcb iswhen tbe Caihohc interests are atduced to give to the Press by frequent solicitation'.on thelistened to them. Leis-Uessis.New-Tork, -saysvrtth which His Holiness, Pope ihcs IX, bat always, since hla happy elevation to the Papal Chilr, parsii*d thsbe well thumbed of haslew Loid Itn-Hri n*u,e,of t.le dignl'y with wnlch heengagedyears, busy in revisiuf, every day in the year for each which it an Ernest Jones, the Critic, mistook his voca-spoliationPassing Thoughts—and was left a wldov mm byhitherto to make tuth tac.B Er.eet. These we are a'jout to share with a nelKfahur, who adds twelve mlillooa aterllog to our.„,Ia*dBj -> rxitAii.oug the new works just issued by D. .te wifeol Or. tinest Foster, lives at MiinlchJ died ii.is( iat>iy ai II* l:itji)«jg, where he studied.tolireaiftst t" said one. With aU my beart," repU«i English social pregiess. and whlcb Is due to tbe In-walklsg together on the Boulevard. •'goplace longcitronlcles ofaaholarshlpperlodleal atrjeetdagea- which Mr. DivuB eall*d for three Iruh cbeers for tha""•adtmr a mmg. "A mxmsl UUMa "I wiuaf Dr. the foraier Bodaca,Oe nccnd. tha fends ;But," chimed in the third,wbersaredatfryseerstaryThe StaleoftbeLooai,<Pot«.<hr«efi>rt*« others both at om>», " bat tl Is wapty." "CaxMl""Anooa. AknbdO wahast a stuowry was tahateach doctrine.oome with me." Ttielkiaa eatarad a maile shoo, proprietor— ~—who were m no referenceMOtOBf:,Doiklag In the world but tliia—the flonglittle satiricaljournal, saystrip of the English crlcketera toafBaastevla letter of thanks to that lady."fur herapproaches,getslalue £422,323teemed at last more anxious about the manner thanIbe maierlsil of that oration. Trie oddity of France held even though the Baltimoresnd with Intense excitement to EDglaxd waitingmen are created and are endowed bT'i equal,NEW-YORK, TUESDAY. MARCH 6, 1860.-^.*feralso in press a new vohnse of Poema, by SAXxnCL music, and all T" " Oh, certalaly, the times are hud,"- erament In October, 18M. The work is to be Umllad iniMnitiBanated. The raaaon why Tmriea's lateton Collegei^lijlde girea pleasant in- Bkitb. The first of this series waa the biography gain. The author of the words was Alfred de Mnsset, S£d PalEontology of the class Mammalia, delivered place book for any old scrap, when aolieltad for a;wu l^Anda-be entitled,the••not care ^aU, and the prioaa oflend an too taaiptlag. CooseooeaDyheransacksMspoitfaUoaadcamaMa- Tlulavt ; made 100.000 fiSBca ThepublisherbyBObatanceofthecourseofLecturesonOsteologyBlanry (loMtin n2;^^ fUtf.a letter from Bucharest, called the, Ntkiptrva, which had long been notoi ious for the unbridled lice^ie ef its las- Kubge, has just been suppressed by order of the UUi- iBter^f the interior. The journals which contlooe to ber>ubilshtd Is Wallacbia are these: The Koma- and the Jtatianul,Official Joitmat Is only a register of laws, ordinances, artdifestatums of Oad to the Soul of Manon the Destiny qf Woman, and other subjects.: We lead in Oalignani "Indies,andnear Londtm, ween he was Premier the lait time.of danger tbehad been faithful to the Compromise. Sir, whetmn rniMli'knowB anlat, having recently submitted to ttjtwiltingEm- found time to prepare for the press a novel In three recommendation of the Telegraphpress some designs for ornamenting the tdton desrepealrefused to carry oOt the Iflwiaiil <uf the TuUerles, her Mmesty was su muchties.MABTLAND AFFAIRS,The QaeatloB af the Senrntorshlp—Claae aftbehouie—having come out a partisan of Liszt, as far as <mvoth chU) and clean hair and skin could make him —ana having beeii .«tU«d by his own friends taa pu-may be mentioned the production by its aid of impressions of music.ilatazme, Is attributed to the pen of Ur. Frederick Greenwood,by Congreaato makeU. Biard, the well-known artist, has just re-theof the com- tbe dividends ajl»lng"therefrooa to be i>aid to twotation in this country now.But, Sir, the whole ai^nment of llm nuiaJHu'j&r the ofgoes beyond qnestmo BiavaafriMMi^lCiextent;humor-his bar- and the slng#'>who seem to be_laF Alter ii*ahT and actire enterprlae leaps The venerable Dr. ILasoa has in press, to be is- In tone i the ttrfom, established last year, btlM to Ou Resent ttau. It will comprise the Puritan, prevented by the "anthorlUesT" Of course It can, my Senate aa foUowa : -^>poseraatmJ,Calmaon, ;" way,Cannot," says the IVb^rrepIL this Ibrth- After he had cloeedcompilers,perennialtlOB an elaborate work, to be entitled Ike storm. History oflttk-puddl#ato a position ••Peoj^'s revisingthe last sheets of KonuaW, but which having received two wam- Bentley, London, has issued the long-anmnoouunceodwJtL' S^i^'5 ^«TMJ>*-,only It^wont, that ta all. WmselfHr. PreaideDt. I ttaitH for a few ramarki saoa-Mloustied when Prisce GblAa waais an organ of the Democratic Partyalto a democratic organ, but more moderateTune-Book and Ur. sad of more advanced oplhiona than toe Latltudlnarias and Revival periods. ;theand iiu ap dple itlBtft^'dees not aeemW ..,U^^H. Chaplain, a welt-Wooa otbe erected In Southampton, and the design and exe- rianieunng the ceiling of the same room. In two days cution of which were intrusted to Mr.. R, C. Lucas,likewisehaving whom the geuil of tbe night are represented retiring.Tuesday,Feb. 1860—10 P. M. 28,aUt aa itof Cupid Is a Thesaleofthepictureswhichbelonged.. Sir, it was the defeat iu the Hoofe of j.;Aurora, twforeing over the port and bay, past Torre del' the Slope of Mount Vesuvius.willing to abide by it soB'itlab statement of tradegovernments-to the lastnavigation, the imports of oooks have been aa fol-1655, 5,003 value £85,088; 1657, $6439 cwt, value £72 130; 1858, 5.»7i cwt.,aDkizieo this was to equUy judges, bequest prououneedhe Jo with i' ?" but"What will he say about it?"eity in perpetuity, ft quests aie e^eoitited.groundcontraryappearedpart«,volumes,and fluxof words? Be this as It may, tbe English people are beginolng tofew females behig observed present. stuplfied with phrases, and (infused with names. ed, first addressed the meeting. He saidwhlcb forms twelvenhole work has been published at the cast of the Kli.g.— In menare all in favor of France. England,Ohio, in 1818, he said' Slavery Is the sin ofaot aaaM afThe medalsdlstlcgulsbed themselves by bravery In tbe campaignMy belovedof Histhe Bishop I will address you a few words, bis Lord-I but of tiiem all ; <rf net on* a „designedas rewards for those Who:From the seated on a lion, extending a laurel wreath, enrilrcledEo- by "India, )F57-68." The ribbon consists of two broad red stripes on a white ground.shipbeingpreventedfromdoingdisordered state of his health.tion, beloved friends, 'that the Bishop of Montreal New-York, are fuOty of Havary aiffi bv wWsince, developed lum*sautogra('hsTurner's as copies. I'he sale tty Messrs. Futtlcfc andof the Semina- Masset, daughter ol a wealthy inercbaot of Mar-tinique. The ceremony was performed In tbe Churcaof ML Louis and was attended several d'Ant^, by po-litical and literary celebtitlea.&announcements—one of Smiles' Janus Watt. L>fe ofSuch a work does exist la U9.\ but, for variuns rea-M>iis, It Is ceitaliily nut likely to sea thellgut fur sotnd byThe Still Hour, by Austin Phelps, a solid base.Lotbingforward,Rome baa given to the anmlrationS:aip>on is csi.celedlittle lliue on tills side ol ibe Atiaottc.On the 2Slh of January, died at Uunich, in herpromote.the a... -have all the best characteristics of Uiss tluie. There la the, ring V)! tae true meial In ttlsan thronah the banc sot bta Boca- committed to them, he argues tfcat<B Lordship. Motuegnfeur ^'''TheyBrwuL'g style, and though she permiu thoughtstowandersometimesfarawayfromher text, we do not gnmible at the divefsion, for it isanFOREIGN LITERARY INTELLIGENCE.baa not oftencase It came out that Lord axT, Bishop of Montreal, to nls HoUneaa Pope Pros accused of being in lavor.t^,-thatancientwatchmaking, rlbloa-weavlDg city, ODtheLoo^oa,:—ibe copies are returue-1Catholic zeal on the present occasion. He.xomts here to witness the true Catholic seal with watchyoucome—and tbe tiitits, aa regams these Miitou pape.'S, are flxeu onduty on imports when taken In French bottoms. Eng-also. In violation of Divine law, that we stel tier the fugitive slave who takes lafug* at oarl from his reientitsa pursuer.*':1»»4. 3V,340 cwt.,iWe hold these truths to be Beltevident, ti;greatandaad gaSued It.to erect in the streets of Coveiy action at law. In thistha Measrs. laagaiaa, is aow avowed as the work ofbyto the govai _„ Ban—afjtattm Kwape," pnUuhed aaoDymonily try(„C^a.r)^TJ.U:t:rarpLk, of tt* a»ih tril., says '-:Whpsa^ls la^tg«vawai£-/» itf" "Ouis." "Let' me «aa lU" Xr.O.TtHawlMkiaaowpr^aring for tbe press far, nor woskl his story have beta lasartsd. Thiswill be^«'TM«»».^•woik. IheU*ao»ahava ^IwiirgbvyaatSfraBesforU." •Wban.paenr •< BopatalSir, if the signers of^etdeeimttn-nai-y'-^&^Ai- V-«-.-j=S»-?f^'One more vol- Baiatdantolbapiaaoaadsaaa tt« ftMa aCuadla, bowanar, lalmtt. IMifliaabNilfttbtTeomle,ttec *nl,whala!allw-p^r-T*^ that mea_iWHL.-w^-ac.»..-j—,-puhluhed in dxmt a dag U lo yon." said the feortsit af tka Una. aUalaiyaf Uaiaewtdlnevailas at BaUaaniasos,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069on nodcraesiedaieBMry. Ff*B«b,thaa ar Uw Bwueriparcdy forasla. •'Wali,''saidtbai>ab3iier.<Ittlaaatkad CbMos,aadBiaaehlto-.balBgflMiaaatharaaaa- ahls.andthaFrMeumWag wbcdeBOEk la tka Ml siad rrtood the iB.tnuw»t Kew-YorknowcoaatratVl^ on that day, at Oat ^eiQrlMr,has aa'I3Jwhich is more tban sufficient tu swallow any possiateThat the heroic wiin which hit Holiness eourag*baa re'ufed lo give his ast'i.t to theon with a white man. For tlakitmporUntbytheMurray, London, wUl thinking if mjorioas lo bis repntalloB. Now he doesworkMaxaal of Fasml llamuaala," lacladlngtkeCkurck of Emttanifrom theRtign of QueeH Btiza-eoming display,of brataUty and blackinardlsm" beto liveCimstrvative PrcygrtsaUt, organ of the reaction, pub- volume containing the results of what may be eallaiP •>• alarmed, TeUgraph. Only stay away, and your ator's speech aa ilfiiiiililished In Roum&ln and In French, and edited by M. the official inquiry Into the genuineness of the Shakes-Party, and eaaai of yesterday's Timet and a oasa the Kansaajiebraaka taU, ofCalBiacan,;lastly, lier,south of terminated the France,portraitof theDukeTheUessrs.and Coloyiization of Jforlh Africa, by Mr. Wmgrove allCorrespondencesafetyvery debateauti' "^BlackwoodannounceTheofaH^rairties. ItIscelebrated Prince de has Lignethat their resistance tofaith the settlement of 1820^ thMTMNlSVan &Meencn Co.,Brussels.caminf aitll it to the Pacific <Schlmmelpeimlck'steetotally powerfulsas Nebraaka act as theancea that hav*1ost«l'onal,'•'1..^"a"nd1 so would Uke to witness this aftdr, wouldisyLordDaasT. Don'torThe monument to Dr. Isaiac Watts, which is to betterVor this little mtetehange of friendly ameni- itwss that the majority iattaa Hipolitical a opponentsSeaaioa— R&llroBd BImncra.element of tbe NoitbemI.ecislailTe —Cwjas Case of Jndfe Slpanp to defeat that andtlna imeaaore, questicm anew. The men the abrogation of that act \AjiaAPOUB,Greco, op I am now writing in the State Library HaU. A statute-book, and we welroengOldand subsequently became so indoctrinated in Demoorepeat Mr. Bentley announces a translation of Amedee however, perfectly conservative, and will, I have no bill forPlcbc's life of themist. Sir Charles Bell, by Mr.TrW. Cole.and anato- doubt, adti fresh honors to those by him.sovronextendinggreat English surgeonalreadyjustlyofagitation 18S0, u4latlde and out. Innumerable claims. The Session Isbelongtation which rests solely uponciate» Sir, the Democratic t Paitjrcarry out the compromise in good idOi. been defeated in that for tl>e want of iestablished theand having principle of idkIn thea powerful opposition. It will certainly pass by a fairisstillpendingHouse, where, notwithstandingMevrBIai«KzlBea—TheCosntesPrizeFl«ht. Baltimoreanscamedownto-dayInasteamertoop- thequestionsince,liaabeenoeeaMMation understood that thesort ol spotting view of Mr. Gi.irsrosx'8 speech, un- not meet regularly again for two years, when the etiuality with the white man, by quotmgthaf1857, 3U4'II c«L, 1^4e, 27,385 c*L, value £J90,5S». TrtelBrgt^t quantities ex^Mrted were to Australia,Ui'i'.eU Slates and Egypt.Tha deiision of the Lord Chancellor and LordsShakespeare to void. The declared object of nish matter for tbe juuraalists, and generally hold in ouce freights on certain articles transported over recognize negroness." Sir, theuvula to become less relaxed, seemed to tickle the of private siockholders' directory in toe Baldmire party is—and 1 have had to maetitiwitheir unul itkcow late, pleasedMr. GiiDSTOHt'sefforts are still making to allow an increased^trinetheSympathy Tor the Pope.palhy and civeit attention. It has always t>een my IIEtTIXO OF BUUAK CATHULICd IX MOXrBIAL. doctrine. Ttf Senator fiom New-York baa iI cnvietlon that a spoken Budget Is a great mistake. From the Montreal Gazette. proclaimed to tbe world that the C6nstitatitB.3*C Why should the financial Minister be of necessity a On Sunday afternoon, Feb. 19, a great mass the United States was in violation of tbe DMl^n en with anappreciate the fact that the treaty Is a one-sidel af- meeting was composed entirely of Irishmennot only enlaiged, but permanently Imposed by GL&n- Again, Kioperorcurnpetltlon duringoeconcelved thatit verge agreeingfur warcontinuance of peace. land is on tbe ofpurposes,as well asand su'ch resolutionsas only delit>erate passoftheDivine andlaw, tberefbieiaBatt~abii;'CanEng- to fumlab even anhave to maypleaseyourselves, [Applause.lationobeyed.relating to fugitive slaves, beiagia ikdaihta ofBycompete wlh countries where livmg and consequently labor is cheaper thaa iu England. By tDese we barehis Immediate tubjcsts,white man are Divine law, aaathat * equals byloreigiisrs, afed u,e treacherous c.,uasels of puwer'ulApflkion & Co. is a collection of passages from It is stated that Benttcy's Rcricxc has appeare-i Europe Id's nerpetual tevrr ao,l fertneut. Suddenly at'd alLbluous princes, jealous of nts autbonty. Is well speech from which 1 have quoted, that Hew-YaiJ\i^ht judiciously compiled byScripture,rm fni thethe Young Kiigtaud Party have given up its maii'ige-frorti.tmy Herbert^Lord E >ur>-in its present ft designed to be read at the Jiouf of rest. It is nicnt and a new sfl*ft lime.Isthe Tand : ilt-s Is tu be comcueaced, un 'eratales by bl3 threatening preparations, and who keejs*ha^ ci,lcuiat«-d to excl'e la the bosoms of all true Catho- is yet a Blave State. Why ? Not that she bafs«it^|j.et, aid more kntck-knacks.lics an ardent with trie eynipathyth.;per cent,anhe sajs New-York is stillIeircuinitascesHoUnesstospliltual well-bei£gdevelop tbe material resounds of his demala, justly •Gtltles him to the and love of tbe etvilizedrespectworld.That the actual cendltlon of the Sovereign PoatiffI told yoB la a late letter something about the wo«id be walillng In gratitude towards the Holy State, but a very few leavirigHitcbcock, Religion, by the same author and from the same Industry be has dcvo'.ed to " The Charter." he would an action for a tion of his noble conduct. tbe Senator is committed toLord tVAsnTheatre.statue of la literature there It Utile stir. I mean Utile worth ed to say that tbe report nf the aceting would reaek and dodges it, to lavPolicybySir Bsmb^|Wbsbs SID laircoac raoM?—ThaUicm.,:MacmtUan's Magazint seems to dlrlda tha empire with the ComkiU. Only fancy Moou's Llhi». inut indone it.iIa Week grows so wlsny-wasliy and feaMe, both la'a aCthe white men",^iatiOB of the outintheir _«U the rijjita eC^ai whitemen1.1 .Foa_,from natloB. What caa the accompllsbad editor,IItUntitled DocumentyijIi aiH jiedldon seat to AaiaXiaar 17 B« llMa^t Oor. oaa loses aljbtaftM aawaidiHtrofrityof the Oa^aa, sadieeatfir iaynfr ""mspecUougrainvery The Coadjutor Bishop of the diocese, who' presid-hicntfs andbrethren,at thereqnestLordshipUons. It aade d pervsrted utiapta Ibaicome to us for thebe Impelled against oar shores. And be It remember- career of rauonai reform under the mo«t adverse for the last ten years, thia same doetnMF titosteam-coal,for(Ameri:aa) Delega-righta,cmhatnhgastcity. There is no other news of st>ecial moment. Divine law. In other words, it is aat _In the laws regulaUo^ Weather delightful.of XENOPHO.V.which are in viaiaifaa iBf I recognizes Biaveryof anl t«;i among yeu aMBaiiagainst the Democratic Patty t« mATMUissouri to Compromiaeyear. We_„_sole cause oto the necessity of establishing theabnigatisa aitwU^ thatf waswfihng toao^'theTerritories. Hisentire assumption, that the negro uid Ae'-< were equalAiy Divine law, and faeace 0.and constitutions andvisions of the Constitntion of tlie Uaitai'Jtliat it isThe Senator from Kew-York has teffbai*mankind aeeply aad onlTatsaliT, aai'*became a onlveisal habtt. comefixedprinciples. Nodelivered itself entbely from these baWa.:.ependejwSre tb..:1yAaiiwreiolltei aasMgpt~'' ^^www.fultonhistory.com-;-r-S«;«;^r,^r%^W 