 uponfor another year, in all probability through allvery soon lightened of their load, and the bottles ofBythis arrival we have the advices following:4-^^^to4M^^^rhrBl^yakoottathmi tothjtaw*. ^ oectir- States, his rtAce esrries a certain reaped and the paange of the Pei-ho, and aRlved at Tien- naoxJomiDOB Calls eonslderau^y ti&oiff of aCj^e Steto'gifr^ mSW-taSK, TUXBDAT, KOY. 19, IWt.TBB NBW-TOBK VDIBS. F»>ltrtil la a» Too* BaUdlBC. froBUns Uw CityaO intheState sections of the tsin. From that point, what line of policy wjoritfUlruk-mwvSwt •a< KuanIn the Court of Oyer and Terminer yestefday no business waa transacted except the delivery of a charge by Judge Gouu> to the Jury in the Sunday Theatre case. The Jury retired atvoidof or onbodied in any statement which he may thinkat ing, horse, foot and dragoons,MagtagCalUonu P.m.ariti.Tk* KXT-TOBK THUS (Dafly) U pabliihed areryrai —to his proudeststone of the Southern arch.ble for South Carolina to retire withoutPuk^Sovereigna hale old age and gates, and twisting the tails of' hist aod nolBr-PTlM Two Cnnt, Mrred tt i^M OBan »«Mk, aaOed Six DouAU ayetr.Ik* nW-TORK TIMEa (SmtWeekly)—Tnu Di»-and had In the Court of General Sessions there were several stab-to submit. Still inwith the probability of a residence for manyiq>quietly resolved to "talk Georgia; but nothingfnoaaui for daffle ooplee*101 tor Merchant and 102^103 for Bank indorsedbills. Butorgan is never again allowed to utter the United if the States,upshot of the wholethat thebeenneed we The latest accounts ftvm tl>e silvertwo wjisito OM iddrMi fcr Fi"D»"^to come in the calm»M»»»t«rA>y*«Mi«»•«B•oKM* way ncoMcn ««iTM eopy/or ».m»rf/, IW WeWTieiiita Half m* kia comptmalioTt.Com-woridllkeLordMacart- gardtothethreatenedthat the Southern StBtea bib /I prepai^;Imperial his place among ney of old, and our own modem Mr. WabdsupposingThe todissolvetheUnionontheeleetlfaof duces Uttle effectniimben tonrKdedon appUoaUon. «n nMX8 FOB CALirORNIA U pubUahe* on theExchangemade in borrowing Money on mercantile paper andEnglish soldiers and sail-responsibilities ors, to tie up the imperial policy of England, win be sofficient to watch the drift of opinionCtak ntaTspeotaienhold his Cabinet officers to the- 1^ •»•">«• l.?itiTir^-—Moe. la Tmwire-''iBTarUb laadranoe,wiappen,,ifJ!i-r<rf tthaeeHNianwr-Toaa Tnoa. »«w-Torit City. p,,p({«(eMorVhe *!«• fcr CalUi»ala<that of France in Europe, and to insultin Georgiawhen we find evidence—the in the feeling imprqvedalaterly -"' " '^Z:^^n;t^abe>a>dMdTnm-i t. H. J. BATMOND * CO..when aday BoSperation of thetreason can through its columns. Hedo much to smooth the path of the theis to be a missionon borne down a fiMrtious bySWi ta Spoil* ^nwriea, CdlbnU, OragoB,iie<|lM>ortea<vokCiXXfOSXU, deiigMd for ekcn-Xb»,BiHMi <;otnaibiaaadtlw Saadwiek btenli,s oomplats DIsaat of Anarleaa Sraita [Prices of Flonr, Wheat and Com werelower, yet the demand was limited, especiallyto resiabt friendly.The developments In the Comsloek tfverlsAsince the completion of the tunnel, are UgUjr cI Id Xonps darins Hm past ten dsyf, wfll baport movements in Produce were checked. Batesstepsi|Uia(, I iB tab orders8 eoBta a eapj. Aceoti wUlrather less sought after. quiet.Hides and Ijeather wereware now soconcededThe entire number of votesthus far, are 76,720—of which Libooib haa 27,I)M :,WIMIBR SAXDKf—GiTT lUinnana.ITiJiLAan THKATKB-PuTna with Ftsi.strength place of Senator Gwixk.electaarlr as posaibla.ttlB BT«al>c.East,flagrantlytlemanwellknownto thecollection of painUngs, commcmly called Mr. Dn'isel-AotVs Gallery; shrewdly guessed at this want, and de-HIKAV SAJBDCW—9nu Watib Runs Diip—That Biiinaa Babt.termined to meet it.to Laura Keene's;I.ACBA.Taaaiai a Fubbb.poweroffence, some special opportunity of redeem- less on thedemonstratingAladdin Debbtwaved his hand once, twice, thricemajority BaxcxnruDoi, securing sufficientboth LnrcoLR andChurchill, show that the entire number of votes in the localities heard from footed up 7B,7'.!0, of which LiMCOLV had 27,058 Docglas, 'i4,442; Beeckin-regime itself€mxs. renmtninenedatthewOTkdiopofIkelatter,ontha with it Slh fcwTof No »1« WHllam^twrt, where La- weightITBT BOWBBT THSATKK—Tax Scxmu) Asa tbb the kind that slumberunion, are earnestly looliing forward to the re- verseasthebalmforalltheirboundsandthe cureforalltheirsorrows. TheStatesofCen- derofa tral America have been hitherto kept separate;Bell, 2.B28.TV*or rrtom—than that withdraw, while Georgia, geograpiiicaDy in/the midst ofreporUWaah-not knowcount of wBose formal opening Is to form the subjectaaila fcr Aa- thegreatChinese foreign diplomacy.abode of any and everything else, New-York has long lacked one tUng to complete its metropolitaa charac-prevailing characteristics of the business in plmwtflatUM. TheMaUeloaaaattlMPoat-oaaa at Cotton, Groceries, Provisions, Metals, NavalMi. IL IMm of tha paper, i> a atoot wr^per,Stores, Oils, Fish, Hemp, Spices and Whisky. A moderate inquir)- existed for Hay. Hops werethey are inces- Taaaaa—TALanin asd OaaoB—Blaci-xxbd Susas. santly in motion, parading up and downa marble palace, several stories in height and runningback in the rear to a fabulous length. Into this won- gave Lincoln over 3,000 majority. TUs majority is'BOVBBT THKATBE—apALBOM k Xoaxu' OnODB.aAKKDVS HnSEUH—Day and Brealns—Wkat Is It T —Anao Obildbbr—Rosa Elmbb.the columns of newspapers, or swell-night, Mr. DiasT whisked Mr. Dusseldorf's Gallery, along with Mr. Jabvxs' collection, and nowbeing gradually r^need as the retoma come la tnmthe mountains, and there seems VuX every prot>abllltyDouglasbascarriedtheState. ThePeople'sRcfooa.ceira the announcement that Got. Hoobb, ofmain-the Uniondient means, and that his efforts to produce acisco gave a majority of 3,000 for Lincoln, and has thousands more voters into the:—BIDOB, 20,638, and Bell, 4,B02 Lincoln havingthough all wereunprepared" anrt*'unaccustomeda It was thought, however, that the Douglas men would have a majority of the legislature, wliich would iiit^ure them a Unitedsee* b.-sion-panic- while In thisTwo trains of for JoHZS ft Cabv- fifty-lour wagonspluralityCity, previousMonday, quisite lav.s. the Territory.of theseplayed durmghas not Improved—that were out ofof 2,606.to the tltotion. were dictated by no other rao- Slates Senator in place of Dr. Gwi.N. Sau Fran- tivts than a hope of frightening some fewKepablicans produced very cific side.little effect on the Pa-election, GwiN has stumped the State, andOur correspondence from Utah is to the 2Cth ofOctober. The two new Federal Judges, KiNNErand Ceosbt, had still further ingratiated tliem-»elves with the Mormons, by petitioning the Gov- having' used his official connection with^Tobin'sTheIn their |>etition, theyit is not in human natureharmThe attemptLegislature willthe of Juliana, all tiabttiifs of the theatre are sure partSight Exchange on New-York is at 3iiS3 t> cent,in their respective districts.state that it has heretofore been the custom in theTerritory for the Judges, upon their own motion, labor, also to a fine of five hundred pounds to fix the times and places for holding their Courts.They believe the right to exercise such power atleast questionable, and prefer themselves to be on pillorythe safe side. In accordance with their request. tence for having aided in circulating a report Gov. CvHliiNO issued a proclamation, dated the20th October, calling upon the members of theLegislaturetoassemblea',tireatSaltLakeCityon— we should forbear a grim smile of satisfaction over the lame and impotent conclusion which seems about to overtake the andbe controlled the byDouglas party, who,there to beaad on St. Louis 2S2,m cent l?.premium. offeringThere is ^'cry little other news fromCocHEANE, together with such friends as were mentary with which they are now favoring us in the secret, sold out at that advance. upon that ancient ballad wherein we read thatslaughterwhere outside of the 'White House.—question but she has shown herself to be equalMonday, Nov. It. The Bank Commissioners have been in session several days, aad have Issued a call upon twenty-two to amonnta varytog from three to eight per cent, of their circola-picked up by the JvLia Ann. This i», novessel reported as being in c:olll»ioii with thu tempting any premature paradeat that time to theunited themselves to that party, and assisted inraisingMr.Li.ncolntothePresidency. So extraordinary a change, embracing as it does little less than one-half theFriday eveuhiguponsteamer Jamei TheBoardofAldermenmetlastAdgithe appromiation of $2,000 for the brown stonethe City Hall, and J500 lor a portrait of Harry bothAffalra is Ibwb—SuBeriBca •'' li«ii»»»- $80,000.proposedMr. Plati, the City Chunberlam, did notaffgrcssiOu in an attitude which leaves the to have won it without the effusion oftration, it issurelyaffixedby this marvelousappearCitjr Deposits, yesterday, but sent a note referring em State."-^tate.agents of poor'Kans;is. inducing our towTis toThey furnishare, and -withsuccess,eventag and reports, Nov. 11,him to beof the Conmiittee to-day, at 3 P. M.tothe and IvEBSON.copnselsofBeow.v,Comptroller.of com has been fortheKausians. ThesacksWashtagton, N. C, bound 'TM» thatshe«^ "T^.*?"delivered by Bishops Scott, Janes and Simpson,reproach him with the eariier midable annada for thewc find What cobwebs are laws when communities choose 10 break them. Yonrs, D.doubt,thehaveBaaka, &c. voting population Correupcmdmce qf the ync-Vork Timn>.Lovn Laxoke, the jealons Frenchman, who to almost man of was arrested on Wednesday last for sending an every public— is- Bishqy Ondenheimer. of New-Jersey, hasPosTSHOinu, Monday. Nov. IK The trial of K. S. ItiCHAEDSON and Ba*ah AnItalian named P. A. Okzali a challenge to fight aerrors conunittcd in the firstcese to take up collections on Thank^^iingUay for-.Sief^f-...iwSSswjgSB.www.fultonhistory.com*Sa?-^,.,mimwj, J,and his party there is BOMS'went by stealth, and, ai^rantly aetiHK with ITnion. As one who has aacrificfed niuch eaae, does he now propose to pmaaet If we are to wen taiown to hare embraced almost all thedeliberation, prodn«»d Us weapon and fired vrith- out speaking b word. He then fled, but was ar- rested a few houra later at his lodgings in West The wounded man Is notexpectedfhrong^many friendthipa and many duties in his de-votion to the interests of thetitled to claim from that section at least thejndge him by theaardonlc and angry ctmunents of the London 7tme<, long the staunchest sup-diaunioB etementa. These erideiieea;ofPntaMrOMe peetafBepdUeuBweMBlairived at SJi o'clock last nl^it,dates vii Fort Chorehill, by telegraph, to 10 the 8th.The Pony Expreas, with SL I«b1s dates of arrived at San Fraadsco Sth.Broadway. survive the injury.toporterpassion prejudice, the facts em- of the Celestialdiplomacy in China, hiaareimportant, >merelyregardnot at a late hour last agreedhasshades of Wheat- pMice" over a cup of tea withis moreanything to be probable with re-Oct tL—bing cases tried that of Jamxs Tatlob being of yearsmandarins,MTha NXW-TORK TDttB {Wee»ly)-Two »>'""» Court forty students were metamorphosed into people,Jcntfa Clu* »/land,BircHAHA^, as the timeapproaches missioners,for all thesecession"T especialinterest. The was The prisoner acquited.Mr.which must return him tocase of indicted MoCoBVlc,for rape, was alBo dis-Ijae«u, yi*.posed of. At the General Term of the!Alabama or Florida will attempttoit was made public thatproceedingBanks in efiecting atlarge leaat^partialtranquil parodyof the American It would hare been much expensive for England, in a moral, perhaps, as well as in a material point of view,minority, apprehend the eventual success of secession.mlsiagr^laa, east of the Sierra Nevada llonataiaa, are eaec^-aglng.TtaeUdlans have returned to thewith the sadident of fhi- United States." If histoposterityepitaph,the I'resident inthe policy ofbehind hiseven without the circle of our Easterntainingbyall wise andexpe-The Allies in China.La KociiEyoccACLD assures us that there isalways something gratifying in the mishapsques- tions involved in such conduct by a Cabinetofficer we do not care atWe haveonaccountofthefailureofwaterbythefreex- lag weather.Gulch has also ceased. mininK nearlyVast quantities of quartz for Spring operaUons areIt wewas lorcomedy,sterling, atlection as agreeable to the Republicans as thechoice of Col. Bareb in Oregon, rather than Garden crowded. As nearly as we can recollect, It Is alienate so powerful a minority as the Repub- about seven years since that Miss Clshuax, at the COOof treasure this week are as follows :on thelast sustained tlicof Juliana.has she theCentral and Pike's Peak Express, $50,000also, thismaystateintowit,forracy had to offer,Honeymoon," days, although itplaced upon is one of those laststagebeingdeepfor the purpose of creating judicial districts, as-signing special localities for the Judges, and pro- don ytock Exchange—viding for holding the Courts in the counties with- Dt-NiiosALD, then Lord Cochbane, was able sympathy by the British public. AndgoodlargelyWilh the difference that Lord Cociieank in"1814 was ain 18(10 w as a " bear," the cases arc parallel in all their essential features.But prcfennittin!.' any further unpleasant al- berated asLegislature assembled on the 12th and orgaaizcd, lusions, the public, we make no doubt, willproof of that assertion it needs only to be stated that herThe express from Pike's Peak readied I'ortKearney yestenlay, with advices from Den\er City to the 16th inst. There had been a heavy snow- atann throughout the region, which it was thought•The of France, with Kingblock many of the roads for the Wmter. uptlon, to be paid withto thirty-five days.The deficit i*mightMining operations were seriously interfered with by the advent of cohl weather. The Provisionalthan No doubt is entertained but that $300,000.afterwhich the body adjourned until the 19th. The gladly forgive, even if it eaiinot wholly forget, same reason,amplyand the Governor had delivered his Message;—the parts played in this secession drama, pre- ^o to w ar unnecessarily in order to oblige ourthought it best to attempt a treaty with China before battering dowa Chinese forts about theThe entire vote is 475,0(X), a figure so slightlyberlng nearly 100,sliipmeiits of gold for the week had amonnted to nearly (100,000.The schooner Jvlia Ann arrived at Baltimore on Saturday evening, having on board five men, in- cluding the Captain, of the schooner Chammen, ofbecause we jireferred not to President, his Lnglish kinsmen. Because the United Statesthat of 1850, «f= to sujiply a just exceeding '.-'I!.It. will throw out the'notesvious to theofficial journal at Washington, and a majority of the members of his Cabinet, provided that a' i co.N over the Fusion ticket i» a fraction le-s wti.:<.upt to describe It.Let Mr. BrcnAXAxpersist in the policy at- cxpeditionizing and diplomatizing, EngUnd, byfeelings al- and when we are toldlateelection, bytlie.personsand from Washington, N. C, bound to Boston, firm and decisive Union policy be now earn- heads of Chinese soldiers and251,108tion, 02,518.licans in 1850 was 105,011 niiH n>"«!rcreforewhich had been run into the previous night, in lat.'if W. long. 73" 3()', by a steamer bound South, estly adopted;Ships aa Fire at NewOrieaaa. Nzir-OxLiABS, Monday, Nov. it.The slup Wild Cat, hence for Bostoa, waa dam- e^'cd by fire fifteen miles below this dty. She has re- turned for repairs.The ship Jokn R. Wood, with 980 bales of cotton eaboard, was bumed last LoaaJrom $7t,000 to nightcrew were hours in their boat eightbefore beingand firmly pursued by the Na- cBANAN displays eminent discretion In not at-passingassembled onMondaythisatnking the schooner nlmoat immediately. The tional Executive and his advisers. Mr. Bc- C'ommissiooer to Peking and made the saidandattempt at coercion shouldexpediencyBoard of Councilmen a remonstrance was received prevent any State from seceding, until that and. of course, very hard to bear. It waaUoWAKO. Ex-Cliief Engineer of the Firement, no unusual business was transacted. In tlieprideFori Mabison. Iowa, Monday, -Nov. 12,1800.Dis-from the Judges of the Supreme Courttransfer of the rooms now them to the use of the Superior Court.youin this State. It i.romises While in excellentDepart-be made toTliis was allnoagainst the State sliall have occupied bylestial Empire.very sarcastic,If the sealing to the record of Mr. Buchanan's Adminis-thhik vou will be somewhat surprised trict, were alto destroyed by fire last night. probablyplacedherself some act of bygoodto have ourtreaty, certainly,15,000.CalUataaThe schooner JttUa Ann arrivednoon, evening.proper— improbablethat the lateceived with decorous lamentations and respect-I^rd sentenced to a year's imprisonment at hard ytt—at least, not inhas failed. Theand novices, who have never seen the is reason to believe, will prefer to make a se- coraetly. cannot resist the temptation to judge lorand to stand for twelve hours in thetl.emselves. Consequently, notn-lthstanding the rain,Chaving-cross.Stock-Exchange thatXapoIeon the First had been assassinated. The funds rose tenAt all events, Che suppressionofGwisisavictoryinitself. Thepersonal friendj,>'f-ttiB>Ex- ccutive is not likely to mid'''syTnpathy aiiy-Broadway Theatre, In this character,herpart others;Supreme thecannotremaininsensible to thead-We cannot wonder at the indignation withThe argument in the *im«,i«p gniekaDreir tfae-relief forthe Exchange market and indirectly of the Com incoming Administration, and to reconcile thepacificF.xchange had been brought about. Federal Stock had previoQsIy sold'&s low as 95 j^ cent.Plenipotentiary. lessOpe^Kaf tke iMtltBte mt Ttae Arts.from No relM was shippers.in thewishes of.all whoseThe President and Secession.Fate gives to almost every public man whoDouoLAS, 24,422 ;Ijbcoui ahead of DonaLAs, 2,898. LiacoLi*! vote haa surpilsed politicians. Still the chance of Dovaus havingtheLegislatureis consideredthebest Pn^ ably DocGLAS has a oversurrives and continues inBroadway,for six BamV THKATSC—PBTlif ABB Tiin— months after the commission of any folly orexperiencedopin- immedi-natter of tliisdecidedly ofwar. In this new character, he"Pei-ho," the policy -which now threatens to benaywbat or where the building is, an ac-ing his character and atoning for the injuries otherinflicted. The errors of public men are not of wealth in the Union, at the cost of a war,Iing to yet greater proportionsofamidst partisanto pay, a quite formidable interest. assumed the debt of the new comerWe alsothese have a local habitation as well as b>icturesthe heat and exaggerationby that same spirii of political demagogueisma Not oaly this, but New-York has an Art Ex- change and a literary lounglng-place for all time. It is pleasant to go thither in these troublous timesCOOLST k CAMPBKLL'S, mMCs Saloao—Ximorua assemblages. It must be willful and de- navy off its hands adjusted ;BBTKBaAIBHaBTt.8CHAD3' GAiiKRT, No. 6SB Broadway—T« "ClK- BaaiLLA" PicTuai.SOUPIL'S GALLERY, Ko. t'S Broadway—Abab asd Srx-Tbb TaarTATios abd ihb Azpitlsios.CAN'AL-SHKBT-No. 3W—Whrumk's Fan aALUir ar Oo. FaiBTZBaB.NK'WS OF THE DAY.We have nothing new of special importance froB the South this morninx, with raference to thequiet at all the principal points from which we gratitude from those whom he' no longer ha- 'natnrallT look for exciting dispatches. We per- rasses. These truths are now likely to re-itsit lands for its rail-liberate blindness which fails to see the pointit must be criminal and determined obstinacy which re- fuses to retrace any steps in a wrong direc- tion once taken. The American people areto its satisfaction;gavefor in Central America, where theand hob-a-nobthat gaze from the velveted walls. There Othel-umslndful of thestirs Desdemona's blood with tales of the dangers heThe accounts fromOregonof departure from the right road;men. Atceive illustration from the closing scenes of its brief association with the rest is not to be Louisiana, will convene the Legislature of that Mr. BccHAKAH's term. On all sides there-Slate on ihe 10th of December, but whether the an- accounted for by these selfish considerations,Boaoeeioent is made authoritatively or not does would appear a disposition to forget his share we shall be at a loss to reason upon it and ;though they might been drawn by Egyp- sacks wbeat tian or Chineae artists, yet tbey an the work of the Liverpool, carrying 38,000also fardangersthatthe report that President BircHAMAN intends the injuries which afflict us. Let him but to take a decided stand against seceding States, is now be true to the Umon, which four years ganenUy regarded as a joke. Judging from the tenor ago intrusted him with its destinies, and it that his name oiajr live in ournot appear. A telegram from Charleston stateaproducingcan only exclaim with the epitaph" Seeing how soon that It was done for.We wonder what it was begun for."were scarce wheat, a variety of misceUaneooa mp.rcliandlie, aadof our correspondent's letter &om Washington, how- isty to do a very foolish thing is not likely to be justly, that, tmder a Confederation alone, can when WiLLXAM the Conqueror was King. You have aafforded. The Legislature, if not specially the resources of Central America ever be framed history of Art, in Its dawn and progress, in Is Uttlecountriyntrthaidse Is atill good. Tteraever, the Charlestonians will find it rather a seri-oua joke. Our dispatches assert that s distingnish- some grave and protracted errors in the com-«d ftmitiiem Senator now at the National Capital—notmencemeiit of his ofiScial career, atoned nobly for all mistakes towards its close by his firm-prizeforbusiness. The only ctiange worthy of ataee notice,—possibly Mr. Slidell, of Louisiana,States to understand immediately that the whole danger which has ever threatened our na-poweragainst them in the event of any attempt That such may be the case with Mr. Bp- to place the Federal laws at defiance.I_t would seem thatnications from various sources having a bearingthe matter, which will be found interesting. AdvicesfromSanFranciscoto 10o'clockP.M.of the lastIs an adranoe 1b tmt-iioiies the right of secession, but thinks that theTheof CentralAmericans isassist^ In the dedication. re- Nearly everyof the Federal Government will be used tional existence.not at all to livelysufficiently deep toappreciate theand critics quotably changed. The export demand for Wbiat is prosers,AnotherUnion may be found in the fact that Judg_eExpress.importantBint ftrr day must come when the sel- J»BlM«B*nf lliai Institute, aud ull buUmUdr. jji ujUUlUionlydeparturePony,whiKcLh°hJeXs'ayts?onftt%f^t'^^^^^^^^^lish this morning a number of letters and commu- tion, nor in the least desirous of going downlonger safetytJer\of Savannah are opposed to secession. We pub mindful of his oath to support the Conetitn-ill ?aUe to preventa onionwhich theintheyet possiblewhich threaten andresources.old Italtam masters, and that Uttle 9x8 thing which youhistoryas that of a President who,despitethe pictures which hanjg npon those octagonal walls.goodly company of ladles and gentlemeii, last evening, as- sembled in bis palace to hail Its formal opening anddoing, however,market fron firstness and -wisdom inpatriotic spirit sufficiently strong,best Isthmus and Newintelligence ed. Your gaze encountered eminent divines and ing at 30c. ®31c. The Gxalv market is firmer, bat act;State willexceed120,000. SanFrancisevthe first eyidence of re- or a desire to poisue a juster coursepublicpentancein future, it would seem as if aUnion bearing them along, and leaving theat last to dawnuponInfantry, had been ordered to take the field frara Feet.Act of Oblivion were suddenly passed, and the illus-widowed sisterhood remaining to foot the mind. The people have learnt by bitter expe- SusseldorTs collection, which the main 'WaUa- Walla, with 100 bifantry and dragoena, wto occupiesrepeat,41He«tioo of secession. Matters are reported to be trious wrong-doer becomes a recipient of course, ought to be deeply ashamed of herself.SHIPPING AND COMMEaCIAL NEWS. Sab Fbabcisoo. Wedneaday, Nor. t.theenemies indication on the side of the CHAKAK, OUT ad-vlces from Washington afifonl BuiGi, by giving them a chance to make mis-Horn is sail-President is to blame' in not giving the refractorysuppressinggreatestspectable element of society was there represent-sumptlon;Capegoodhope.be ander, plcaaed as poaritde but not a Ut prood.When the evening had well waned, and the pic- tures had been well viewed, at the pressing invitation of Mr. Dbrbt, the company kindly consented to_ reason to _ _I,-snugwerepopularbill, smacks strongly of ingratitude'; and, we rience that, if they had been united, no paltry body of the hall, we enter an octagonal vestibule, and were on the march for the Snake Indian Territory." Last Pres-ral squadron for at least another yearand if;support same tipie giving aaspoke in response to kindly compliment from C'ol.to enter. just such an act, however,AmBaemeDta.we make no doubt that of the sore trouble which ernor to call an extra session of the Legisfature, Government in order to affect the Lon- has overtaken our Southern borders will be re-Is seldomraised from The Provisionalpresentto secure a favorablede- linquencies in regard to the Overland mail anduttered public opinion give him another pro- ly. longed opportunity to misrepresent the State.—Legislature—Lime Point, and in defiance of a distinctly- that our grandames and grandsires enjoyed immense- and organized temporarily, and on the following dayThis was his sen-we were not surprised, last nifrht, to find the WinterThe shipmentsOn the 12th mat., by Hinckley 4 Co.'s Express, $18,-China.the 12th of December, to enact the re- per cent, on the announcement, and Lord laugh at them a little in the face of the com-asthe latter company, $3,500. CondlrioB af the IlUiwIa Baaka.bull,'' while Secretary Cobb inTlie official returns of the election in Pennsylvania are now complete, with the exception of the smallpresentpositionvices from tlie election onthe Pacific shorecountry will not fail to make due allowance secession panic surviving the for that reckless system of electioneering toirritationcaused mostunexpected developmentof theof force withinopposedof the State, has no precedent in his- politicalof chicken-hetirted commonwealths, and their Imbassador de- niaht. Beyond South Carolina. Without conceding the legal rided as, himself, a chicken indeed, who hadvarious dence abroad.a view to suppress the present excitementstatue of Washington that now stands in front of right of any State to secede from the Union, consented to travel in a literal coop all. ther.Kxccutive no choice but to enforce the laws. human, or even of Cliinese blood. But itlat. 30° 20', ton. 73 w. our farmers picked up a boat contatotog five men, y°j7^tefon the Aldermanic Special Conunittee on the Thus far nothing has been done by any South- was cruel to be the quiz of the world, and to—Bbeakwatee. It is gratifying on the prairiessacks, to supply com andand grain.to thebeen notified that his presence would be required,»»^jTM"~sunk in a short time.took to their boat, and after betogthe CommitteePlatt hadMr. andkwasdirectedthatasuhpanabeservedupon totheflamewhichto Boston, with sSouth, he is en-deference of a calm hearing and a verdict, Lordship, insteadabiding loyalty to theFOBiThe Pony Ezpnaa fiom Ban Fiaaciaeolawyers, the examiners having reported in their cases fsvorably.bills of London fell to 999 of their positions and see to it that his official with Foreign Exchange.Yesterday was 'a day of increased pressure and excitement on Wall-street, and further consider- able sacrifices were made in the forenoon in prices on the Stock and also in the termshis official character and merit the people's telligence. It reaUy was worth whQe the Union. While, therefore, the people of Judge McAixtstBB will decide for ae hardlygratitude. Let him now do his duty to the to shake land and sea, to sacrifice the lives of South Carolina rage, and the Tanceys and Judge HorniAB fortks clBlmaate,!fiery- spirits of the South to the reverse they have for the first time sustained in the chancestf Aa it is jnst possible that a few of our readws Carson and Honey, Lake TaUeys, aadezpreasadeainpolitical will have the ions are -worthto have adopted before the firstaffair of thegood esteem,a statesman and President must be founded by his future biographers.A Shameless Threat.Among the mass of questionable dispatches from the South, is one to the effect that the secession mania is rampant in Texas, andbrlcly teU them.Imm'To nimir (Wedneadar) Koaanre, i> aa^a on freight declined, and Ught engagements were ately preceding his surrender of office will be- sult of the second European onslaught npon brick and mortar, and crowned with casUes for the aldo districts, lying fh>m el^rty to one haatrat sMSterling jBxchange Market, and, consequently ex- ,paragiapb,aging,abareaadraneiac.and theUna fur tta ragatar msU alaaauUy wUA efiected. Inactivity and depression were likewise come those on which his permanent fame as that.that thethe Lone Star flag, and in clamor for indepen- our own States areOpposite lettered No. 625popular feeling ventsdence. We must say this is peculiarly grace-dayincorporatedthat Common-have had such a disastrous experience of dis-ble friend of the Unionand at all events isnotand theirpart;In water, or dew up fai air, and in their stoad aroseitself inof Texas. It was only thewhispered ear, and lo the old bricks took unto themselves wings, vanished like petiblcsDouglasman inwewhich has left its monument in a debt of morethan sixty millions of dollars, upon which weare faithfully paying, and are likely to continueroads and have connived at a ;The of Liscoui prospectslittle business in the way of Slave-trading, amongcarryingliberal, almost to a fault, in their judgments of Federal relations, now to step out of the in union there is only— strengthupturnedprayer, kneels to receive theTexas in such a merely proposingbands of pirates and robbers would have are in the presence of the old masters. Tliose queer, quaint pictures Iq fantastic frames, many ef dared invade their territory, and at- them limned on wood, and with* back-grounds ofThe fact casts suspicion upon her motives in;:willing to hang In yonr parlor would becheap at 15,000 francs. Just notice the tints; as $84,000 treasure.raisingandtheir an old tumble-down Imlldlngof the Brace of'strikingnotterror to the heart to the future of Gfiorgia, but to the wholeKbabbbt, 8uaaay. Ko». n. Tft. a,,took itsboundary South Carolina from the North American Con-name.Ticket In San Francisco has OREGON.;and ambition that is now seeking to withdrawprobably been elected. are to Nov. I.federationpeople are far less instructed and less sensi-. hie than they are here, demagogues have beenthe islands and bayous about Indianola. Hav- allowed to lead them as they please.ing secured all these advantages from its —But the importance of union the fact thatwith the unrulfled eountenancesPeking, bymarcll-palacevantages of having done something to redeem which the British Press has received this in- the three malcontent States, remains true to case liaa dosed, and tke ' rlnaj' pivrailed 1MIUnion, and nothing else is asked. Let him hundreds of braveISnpreme Coort neeamry betas tbahijnnctlon can be dlasolred.Itia uadetatood that Rbvbbbt JtaBiaa, StBatas BiBJAanr and Owibb, and Senators Bakxe aad Ras- KITH, of Oregtm, wUI leave on the lOth Instwe wlUthe sole, and therefore the sadly lodicrons, re- Although staggering beneath pyramldlcal pfles ofand the value ofThe more receatly diaeovcied MeBooaaoaad ]barrier ofAt aU events, we in America may lawfullycongratulateourselvesthatthehumanityand ter,andthiswasaliomeforthearts. Peoplewere wisdomwhichhavegovernedourowncourse privilegedtodrinkgininpalaces,butcompelledtoworship art hi "garrets." Mr. H. W. Diaar, a gen-twenty miles south of Canon 'Valley, are claimed to be among the riehest mlnlBg districts east of the mountains, and new silver leads are daily reported.LATESTBTTELEQBArHTOFOBTCHTTaCHIU. SakFrakcibco,Thursday,Nov.8—10P.M.in theby the least reasonable and the most obstinate of all our critics..—Centbal Amebican Union. While some of Theatre,returned from the State,cries of the secession,aLincoln, 14,341;The vote of thehigher civilization byweaklittle StatesofCentralAmerica,which in an architect'stoThe election returns from ttie central eoimtiea footArrived, 4th, steamer Sonora, bam Paaama originally seeking admission to the Union. If that the fear of invasion would not have ex- Art was In its In&ncy and Venice waa in the hands of ship Congrett, 17 days from Ochotsk Sea. Sailed, M.temptnationality; gold,painted long, long years ago, when;Stt, ddpSMaadrain one of the finest countries in the world;abundant and abotmdingfor Hong Kong, carrying 974 tabls. IKxir, 14S0 aac^DxxviBCut,Thursday,Nov.IS, A snow-storm set hi on the evening of the ISfh and lasted 24 houfls. In this city the ground was barely covered at any time, the snow melting rapidly. of Mr. Lincoln's conservatism. The States an exceedingly close one between the Douglas encountered in so hurriedly erecting hi.s palace, thiit At Golden City It attained a depth of eighfrlnches ; at he could not speak at greater length than to Gregory's, 12 inches ; and on the Divide, 25 miles reports thank his friends for their presence and kind south of here. 12 inches. The fall on high ranges ap- tion of the new reg me, will find none in the accord the State to the former. Mr. Bbeckin- wifhes. If breut)- be the soul of wit, pears to have been very heavy, and the wagon roads Mr. Derbt's remarks were to to the western slope are doubtless blocked up for theof the 8th inst., reach us by the Pony Express, bo. as our correspondent represents it, the time to come. There is little prospect of the came to hand yesterday. They announce a their corks ; but before the exhaustion of the latterwhich airiveil at Fort Kearney late on Saturdaynight. Thepoliticalintelligenceisimportant,andindicates that the report received by the previousKxpress, that the State of California was quite which all classes of the Democracy are more likely to go Bepublican in the Presidential elec- or less to resort. Wp arc now tion, was not based on improbability. The latest iironereturns, telegraphed from San Francisco to Fort assured that even Mr. Coim agrees withwas completed the health of the Aladdin of the feast Republi- was dnmk with all the honors. Aladdin very briefly by the Republican triumph, and the experience can vote in California, rendering the contest responded by saying he was so fatiguerl by the laborswhich do not find occasion to ingo anticipa- and Lincoln tickets thoughthe latestof our best friends and whether the maxim creed, ;cupiedthe tub, which;stump.Col.Flllkh,yesterday';of of the social sage be sound or not in the rela-Large numbers of miners and others are still setting out for the St. Juan mines,probably elected the candidates for city offices on " and at thethe People's Beform ticket. In Oregon, from Fusion,"which we have advices to the 1st iiist., the pros- chance for certain safe stock speculations to a application to the intercourse of States. We active and subservient adherent of the Bu- separated, and we have oidy to add a hope that Mr. Mexico. He is quite confident that the new discover- pect of the State going for Lincoln was consid- select circle enjoying the Secretary's confi- are extremely fond, for example, of our Eng- chanan Administration—-will on the 4th DiKBT may have as large and ^preclative audiences ies in that range will prove very rich.ered fair. The threats of secession on the part of dence. t)n a discussion of tlie ethical theSouthernStatesincaseofthesuocessofthelish cousins, and have the utmost confidenceexpire ofMarchnext. Determinedtocompelare-within bis walls when he comes to exact the custom- ary entrance fee at the door.Quarts Biills have nearly all stopped for the Winter,tions of man with man, it has an nndeniableatorship. The term of Dr. Gwi.-^—a most FcnTE. At a respectably early hour the company Coi. Si. Veain arrived on Saturday from New-in their equal reg.ird for ourselves.just riitertaincd their royal boy with the bestof homage and of honor that our rude democ- freely spentmostlyin return thethe nature of the humanthere,premium,The average fineness of the gold17 per oimce in the bar. .to actupon— I.ECTTBES. It will beandtidingsthecentury triumphsleads. Legislaturehaughty heroic diplomacy of our Britisli friends in;on the I3th, by the California Overland andTheyshemust think noof us if welicans will be in thatbody.thousand.Marched up tlie bill,—and then marched down again." Only a year ajo the conduct of the Ameri- cans in China was the derision of Europe ingeneral and of Punch in particular. We wereher the renownbadlycourse of the Crimean war. and for much theother banks of the Stole, nom-preference, they actually treaty, the United States were denounced as ain an- learn that at least 175,0(X) voters who were other column that Rev. J. C. Fj.ktcu«r commejiccs acourse of five on lectures,contemptible congregationtopicsalike suggest that way from tlie coast to the Capital of the Ce-— we calling' for any such resort and any be caricatured in London. How then canA Secessionto see that Georgia is indisposed to listen ex-A con- Champim, of they belonged to the schoonerdisplay of troops vo'uld" only have added fuel alrrady burns too high.broughtemptied, serve for clothing. Is it not most happy night before by a steamer bound south,at theA Methodist Missionary meethig was held at St. tributed to him in our Washington advices, or her Envoy, is actually about to do precisely ready begin to prevailThe Captata ".df^crfew"*tt'e^nhim, coaUBBudbigpresentinectuigPaul's Church in Fourth-avenue, last evening, at adopt such a poUcy at once if it has not which the eatimates of the Misstoaary Committee yet for 1861 were presented, and. brief addresses were been undertaken, and a generous people willsoon cease toand Kev. Drs. DcRBi.v, PowKBs, PoE, Hill, Hal- follies and faults of his Administration. This is have healed their honor, so bitterly hurt last would subject him to personal hazard,China Seas.LiDAT and Haaxis. to him the final opportunity which Fate extends year at the Taku forts, by knocking the Taku the Union sentiment to have far greater vitali-fortymen,body politicthatnowison learning that, aftertwelve months of trumpeting; cannonading, clusivelysiderable quantity Toomds townto-dayresist ourgratificationwhat the United States did before her England and France have fitted out a for-cepting the bills issued by our city corporations, andwith aheavrredeeming the forts to pieces, and killing greatflush and arro- soldiers within them. His ExcellencySTiPHEK HxALT, huABBd of the..^:«irs-.»s- :Lord been ascribed to it. Another indication to theduc)» last evening attempted to assassinate hia gance of power. AsPrcsidcut of the Uuit«d EiQlN has thus, by hook and bj crook, achieved same efl'ect lies in the circumstauee that Hr. the baiiefil of the sufferers In Kaujus.latter, closed to-.l.ny. Mrs.aoquilted ;because, daringeent a;Untitled Document!andto exceedliumor at the issue of the con-at Sea. Baltibou, Saturday,;^Unionbusiness of secession. Georgia -is the key-Moores of Alabama imagine Tain things.It to the United Stateslo,;has passed andand faceadditions to his audience,crown ofbeginning Ids hisasoal Is borne ihither on theIn con^quence of the late Indian massacres oa ibmoverland of tha Nistk immigrant route, Capt Dzn,isthe Central American murderers, beforeprayerto HeavenforHappily, however, for Texas, the opportuni- Mabtinex. He urges, very strongly and very their backs are dim with the dust that gathered on them Washlcgton Territory, for China, with a cargo ofcalled by the Governor, will not meet for a thoroughly developedand that as long as thethe electiondivertedattention frea—year, long after the crisis which is supposedto call for instant action will have been passed. Gov. Houston is presumed to be an unaltera-;States remain divided they will be aAt the invitation of Mr. Ai.ri<Hn Diaar, ahanJs,havinglawless adventurers to covet.theTXB, with a strong demand and liberal aalea for eoa-is notwlio have just carried the State for Bkxckin- whole import of President Mabtinbz's -re- and composers, but in vain did you look for an Alder- active.hischief, «nd.jii8|daca-Jiim firam a positioa of-io^ luence he could ndver hope to leoccupy in aaqiarate Go;renUBent. Texas may, tlierefore,be reckoned as securely moored in the Fede- prosperityandgratify]x>Utiealdistinguished lawyers,poets,marks. But they have a gliiamer of thfMr man. Bu&y arasBg tBem all t>rushed Mr. Daaar, the ., .__.^_^Arrival of the Pike's PeaJc -»»»w-STORif—MiNiKO NEWS—MBETIse OF IHBPROVISIONAL LEGISLATUBK.FoBT KiABXET, Monday, Nov. H.Two coaches of the Pike's Peak Express, which left Denver on the 15th, passed here for St Joaepk at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon, with thll loads.truthfish ambition of rival chie& will nodemand. —of theThe Election in Califobnia. The first ad- lation there prorided. The groaning tables werecountryverywalk up-stalrs and partake of a most bountiful col-andconservatives of that State have;onlyEiDCF.ors, while Bell might as well be dropped fromthe count. The result, beyond its testunonyto the growing popularity of the Republican the customary meed of applause. Judge Whuikq oc- -HSTCUT, and one train of thirty-five wagons for J. B.'lags sadlyleading competit-especially open praise.Several other gentlemen were called upon, and Winter. The w-eather yesterday and this morninginfluences, is only important in its bearing upon the question of the United States Sen-spoke.hisWinter (iAROEN.—fortune,one that would overlook his" now-a-of its kind, but not tlie best. When The Governor then delivered Ids mes- it permanently.basis of comparison. The majority of Lin-How manythan nmcry-three:Douglas,tory.of condemnation were wantrIwhen iearn the final e,.=tlmati of our KepubUcanthousand over Bell, 255,761nrerExchange Bank, Uonal Bank and Bardt of Aurora.umThe majority :iL;.iiii.^lllu' Urpnh-is. indeed, the favorite of thepublic,;seen by a notice:RepuMicans,r ;ill opposi-majorityrevulsion of feeling against him in his own test, wc, not in bad thnc, are receiving visits from theNov. 17.at this last l»rtMorethat Mr. Alexandeb H. Stephens has obtained;It the northwest,"w"«"fj,^temperate"to public speaking." tliey spoke happily anB receivedwas very fine with clear nights, cold and frosty.crved as aMr. Cordova and Mi. Hahiltoit alsoD0VI.ZCo., cameininall 90 wagons,The latter gentleman w-as the architect of tlie building andpublicas of a proprietorstood around this Mr. drew a magic circle of dollars;grand Jobk Huss, with hands claspedridge wingDemocracyougerIn martyrdom, sendingwinged flames to accuse them. Turning from Mr.to rob them of theiristed to keep them perpetually in arms, and, look as have wheat, 2,300 quarter sacks flour ; ^ilp Alana,BlialBwithIt may be posai-werethe Doges. Many of their figures In their angularity diip Chailtnger, for Liverpool, with over 3e,tM saefcaof itsThis, in substance, is the purport of a recentproclamation to the Nicaraguans by President warm and fresh as though laid on yesterday, and yet Ship Rmmsdate sailed, 24th nit, from TedaM,It isIs revived once in three or four > ears, it is played sage, and both Houses adjourned ftntil Monday, the often enough. But when a great actress appears in 19th inst.to her best self In her best .\nd in days.Vote oe Pennsvlvanla.—as Prussia had been in the County of Forest, which gave Ccktin a ma- two countries. She w-ill play MegMtrrdits lo-night,and the banks embraced to the call wiU promptly respond-Theengagement, which will close with this week, is the most successful since her return from that first engagement In England, fifteen years ago, which gaveState for additionalbanks of the security,then the I'mest actress in thejority of sixty. The result is simply amazing. repeat the p;irt of Jit liana iu the "Honeymoon" to- The circulation of the.V .glimpseof theour and slieState Bank. (Shawneetown,) CoraHonwell desert es her renow-n.inpresent eng-.igement,oftVii. r-K's Theatbe.—Mrs. aoET's benefitlessmorrow.issecuri.d.Chicago, Monday, Nov.beingallmorning, byiMced such a crowded house tliat wordsOur bankers to-morrowof the foUow tog Banks: American Exchange Bwik.unable to get aarithmeUcal powers are unable to calculate. Mrs. wealth. Bank of Raleigh,Bank of the Commoo-next, coimected witli his travels ami resi-stage,Ka-intowill,when navalstSres. TheysUtedthat w hlle Kansas is famine-struck, Iowa abounds »mean thatI, of course, only we abound in the fruitsasof the earth. For to money, I see very little, ex-,Trial and C.avleli." '•'«'*»were picked up by the above for admo- kept floating vrithin narrow limits, by arrangements hea,-y at the Ume froma favorablenitions which at Cliarleston or Montgomery which subjects unauthorlxed banking to heavy fines.hearing at Milledgevillewith brokers, but all to express violation of law, sea.Theynumbers of ty in the State of the South than has Empiresued an address calling upon the Churclies in his dio- IliAiv for poisomnitthisas follows Breckhiridge. 10,438lumber. CoiauaciAi,.—The&with 270 tons of goods.The barkwas also burned last night:Douglas, 13,385 ;probablyBaicxinisai, 20,138 ;Bill, 4,«».the Statefair. A large number of the Douglas Democrats had gone over to the Republicans, leaving the BreeUa-of the Douglas party.much atithan theSpEiHoriBLD, HL,Eradru, with 1,000 bbls. of UmeTwo blocks of frame buildings, to the FourthH.alt was Rifiujssw -.taiiStfn-.icHiir (rf i»ttta«r in (itc seooalarein itvessel. [ blowtogon board, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 