 WHOLE NO.MOKKING EMTION-^IONDAT,; JANUARY 28, 1860. T a-daylrtotodtte rtanaef w»PRICE TWO CENTS. THE STATE OF THE UNIOH.TIEiiicrurcmr lnrotTHE S0ITMEMT OF TNE 808mTHE I ATE UNION lUHTjTACl'Ultaaao O0N- VJUITION.hapsto ibecttpIke a lure fouauatws, Itte twenty nie foot through aaac null roato oa ttoa aaady oa part of a "Oram05 arthese"domesticinohtcuonaoftheNorth,"andoaamost likely to be tbe trst to follow toe daastrous tote of thetimes before tte eatobathaaaBt ofBat aow that tte baa horse runs btt dailyNew York through to* numberless thrtrmg town* of Oaa necttcut, and further oa beyond aa*a*chaaBta.tonamnsra district of Merttes has beea forcibly impelled forward <m tha aide there are aow asm* of the moat stately.ASBsrr—No, awthing better to build on than tide kind ofItIn noTHE NEW YOHE—"', opening, picking to tha building upwarda of 100print works. It a 960360 aad the a*b*r 400The totter • uppoamon, however, a not eo well aus- the jury in tbe process of their investigation It require 1 waa reported to be having called bun thither.washing. The second gray storeroom, drying,starching, i c U S - Tha building roato oa toe bank ofbe tmsortant, and probably abed a now hght upon ta*ennaaa which prodnceu the lamentable catastrophe whiubmo unused coffins; in another corner was a large number of bottles, some of which, onniatatog chemicaa brought there fur tbe purpose of preventing decomposition of the human remains of the victims until they could beutonti lied, and others containing aniiticisoB brought there inthe night of Nor. bu we bad the hardest shaking here that baa probably ever been felt in Kona. Two dtaticct aao heavy shook* were felt.''Another correspondent at Kau says —"The only item of news ip the report brought to day (Nov. 38) from Kihoio,row evening. ,AtBarnam's Museum Mr X F. Taylor, the popular andefficient stage manager, baa a benefit The programme of entertammento on tha occasion a a vary taking oae.ufic direction, are made in tbe interior of tte Bail, tt to possible that t t e evta amy be reman tadMeriuen to divided mto twodtotricts. forming tte tows—known at £aat aad Watt k w d a . Tte Ja theofUg*lata week, making arrasgements for the dramatic seaaon bnlldags ohawssn*. batata aa* private raaaaaaaaa. Oa ail sides there a evil sac i of improvement in the Westernat the Boston theatre, which will commence on tbe 8th of district—new houses are betog run up, oal oaas am Being February, with Mrs John Wood aad J. Jefferson aa lb* " ~ " ^ . *"* -"•n'-i—IITB si*- imtbmg baanid boldlystars. "Aa Unequal Match'' will probably be tte open- The other district iiimalna putty much to state *ne. ing piece. Mr. Barney Williams baa quite recovered ha Among the most solid and beautiful nsif*unst in Wast=t=which ia here Ma t«et wide.a grunt fraat oa toe canal, aad watch urfflawaken every cueuaocty from tha room to tbe opposite side of the nail two started frum the crater on Mauna Loa, and a now George Christy's Minstrels will produce at Nibto's Sa part to th* old mutemeat, where titer* a quit* a iare situated ton grave tense a tbe entrance to the room oi the committee running down to a parallel direction witb that of February loon thta evening a burlesque on the "Octoroon,'' called of churches sad a great many fine ccmtortabl* iAt sight, with tto to- whereil sdbrda an aasjaaraace aot tnlise aof the mpormnce of tbe reeurrcace of asas far as paambto, againci afaaamy.under whose direction the money and rhubi^y con the •Moctoroon. George and Batter Eugene will play tr buted by toe charttahle are distributed among Tb* Jaudson Bay Company are about withdrawing theirfront peratonm anythinging in tbe path of progress asd improvement Tte-Tke Strumbe attracted atrnetarei used aa maantai tniiito theand situated, as is supnosed, whh but one or two exceptions, upon nearly the i of atoaaaatea an thai of too Fvsaberten.that that mm coilapoedof a faulty ammdatoaa ar •ah^toaadatoaa is upon examinauoB of tbe stem*unb the whole KTIMm aaaartotoaa that then baa bona no materialvariation to it from tm ongmai baas atoos tbe buikttog was Tbe report at* a qiuckaand bottom ia doabtleea tobuloaa. The deatractien of tbe edifice H, in tbe opuuon af mtolbgept nam aatopatom baaed apa» too faets eiiciioddartog tbe mreetigation than far, am* from matters be be attributed either to defective cast pillars, ar aupports, which bast to sustain anwith tbe factories.Cressy,ofLowell. HeHASnodirect dealingswith TOntOFTlifiKINO,AMDBXALTHOFHISSECRETARY—,jCTKSMiel cf that body aad the baaaaaa **aa*atom of pact week in their passenger travel to Lawrence, should-rj * y »:T:/<*vloaumsd of what 1 shy steal aaarage, yet f was faraedfeafiags when I gaaed ito the large number of females ctoi ta lb* of manraiag who were vtowtog to* iaatr J. by which tbey had been summarily fabbed ofttes* telalliiB sad frtaada who, a few days before, wereto t t eTte ias tbe widow weald offer up a s?gh for the tarn of a baa- band, ar tte orphan weald drop a tear for tte departedTte ruin have been amrearbJy searched, in or tor. i possible, to discover tte remains of tte totostog. all the i asabtog todimttv*chaiery and the towering chimneys of the late aula. Aa tte aaiatasa waa* progressing to digging aaamg tbe ^ rums, it was sbaervahto that tbey were very minuto ia their researches. Sew they would discover a tooth of aA t e l.wasputapataoctMBto A •ompetsat iBfbwr, who w„ for a Hai|anj totbtoabyaiTBctnre, a»r- though* it wouldIt waaanaaard «ff mDnvid ~ibr M mm of abaat $300 oaa Tb« fiaoaco aVwever, M M of&«w* t Co bwt no small sum af opceaiaacB fat Jtotnnia), and at tot hare been otoogbtored; sad aha a fin* <p)fbunt spat # eapeam of ft »,«», sat sobfat few msatbaaga w Jaaes favw tor ftlab ftftt, prapart*ano, ia fact, it atenm to be afactory apuatiiss she psastoBin uat tbe pifamt town. It hiHow* >Juaal asme ftWefiOnrsam out af the tbePembarfja mill theThere waaao seed of a jury to Investigate tbeThe rums mHasi •" to ptoee tbe tost keypad awaa a frail, rkketty trap, and athan a firm foundation tor any prraon to ptoee btt toot spoa, with ta9 toeam aad 3,08fl asaaam to fulhealth aad itttsagtb. Othersmay bad atotoaraed any aampa of reiatrves, yet bad made np their minis that their Imams war* totally destroyed amid tte baramgenjoy meat afE2 Victim; tbenfragmena of melted silver, evMeatly feona ! their operative* •ao much aatawacttaaMr. HopkJis wiU give tbe ascend of h a Chamber CanNow that we have learned tbe worst of thasatomay,pabaa atomaaa is curious to know what the resuit or verdict will be of toe toveaagattaa now progressing aataace to tte sufferers. But where are to* nalhmvuresovtattyby ahclasses st, Jan. 1ft, lafiOn«Qaawo/l»<Z>to*barbnW/ aaatotoaabff WCOaVtri several members with tte manufacturing interests. do s. mething. It would be a great benefit IT a For tbe present week there will be special auracnoca atby tain great demand, took tbe ievening of telegraphing to ha ageatt m New York tar a supply of three husdrea capiat of toe • n a a a •dtosaTiimbir Dovrt —Brief Aeammtt */ me Pacific, Aflontac, tt will be impossible to get a full, fair and rand could be obtained for tte purpose of tott- all tte taoatrea, aad a treaty time amy te aaabstostodJMb—fl* Qsensfiwi amd Jseir JHiito rtogs of tie "XomVt thtde — R it Amvidemed to the Wm'kmtm flesuaja to the Pw+jtcunnaittal verdict. I da not mean for a moment, and I am positive the Hmum would aot attempt, to prejudge too ease; yet hoping, if any bias duesprevent, if poMibie. say illegal or unfairing the caa) of the murder of t t e oparatrvas against the owners of the mill. This would be the right move for a relief fund, aa the matter cannot be started by tbe wound- ed or the rebatves of the dead, for the want of fund*.At the Winier Gardes, tha evening. "Lesbi*. a trans of Victor •atom's five aot drama "I** Mesa' Fem-< Porte Saint Marfan theatre, lead) will te pro-t otter heavy orders, tteageato could not aaad bun mar* than two haT*rkh ia aaw termed, aba fansbtossaa) a the• canoera aabad tion of tbe nwaey and clothing Cp to tha time about ' »»*• **ht nab interest m tne premises, good will of thoLittle Duck," aa it a familiarly SK.iOv have been contributed, toioagh the band* ef business, Acasaa there w*r*. baatween." Now the Waatern part of toe town a that *the rock, and waa oocaatoaed, to my opinion, by that ton mill are principally females, young and old, and are wicrws snd orphans by the calamity beyoad in the employ af the American Guano Company, the sameprietor to desirous of »"°IH»| a SO. It a betog earn Tenn., on the 13th, and waa publicly presented witb a ed entirely of Milwaukee yellow brick sad Porttond iaaatom of tbe roaadatom on toe rook remaining firm while that oa the aaad gave way vary slightly.giiiurmi eons amun—anas t/maaSo tar irom the baatoeaa af toe nulls decreasing, the contrary bam been the case <iuring the past few yearn-compose! oi Irub English and American—tbe preponde- tbe reach of poverty It is expected that New York city as the Joeephiaa, employed in the same capacity to Jar \ is raiice br-icg about :n the order named, with some Scotch, w.i; make a noble response to tha call for oiianty, and aland. As beta these islands are now colonised, or willThe amount of etoths manufactured by tbe Fbeific a FV-ine the best workmen cam about ftS per day, others tofgar than ever before down to fti4 per month. What the females earn in the •or area THAI* WITH ran gorra—Ana iis so fauna .i vs. cotton m:T, and bow tbey spend it for board, clothing,mtuUined tan be raised.Among the contribution!: - oeived were fi322 from the Butcher* and Stallholders u Washington Market, N Y. Naumkeig Miila. Sa'em, Mass.. Sl.onO; the Forest River Lead Company, of caem. ft200j Peter South, of Andover, Mast . $60, Mrs. TLtouoie UJase, of Boston, ftfifl. Wbitou,to reply to a question as to another bwtuoavwtth too South bad laitoa off bnely. the agent ropBed that the goooa of these nulla are m i of that doseriptSun which findtbe support at poor relatives, be., we may be able to state in ner neattrouble entirely, sad restore ha exquisite voice to all ite abie discourse* it ha own church on tte fife and tons* of John Brown, and ^ - t g H to make capital by re- Slush. Bone. original flexibility The Raveia are at Baltimore, where peating It at Guilford. Bat eves the republicans at thaivisiter who atteada to the proper and jodimloaa distribu- ay be oa bead, a»at tbe bat in the Lawrence camgory of May or Saunders. This amount is mane up of donationsCaptain Freeman, of toe Tybee, inform* tbe Ctoam«rctoi asliiifanithatwhilecruamgatthenorth,insearchof whaies, ha boats entered a targe bay in north int. 61 06,tives are cooped apto the mills, from dayhfht unrU «iark,l exhtoBtoa *f a asearta **s*tsrty.oaaver»g«<e oaf wage* tM ttnv suits per day, ailing up aM gentleBen • pooketa, aad building np u arteHe baa never given us. inButeafreet,bygradingdownthewipioftb*pocbat af aoaae aafartoasto, aad agato abaad.aaawi aad raaauato *f wear ng apparel Such aaaaas aaabam make the stout hearted tost the uncertainty of Dnman life, aad tbe taoecurity of tt when a wealth; moneyeu corpora- uon could erect a sassamr mantrap. Knowing it to beaba. Tea, Lawrence is a city tostrange centra*t to what 'A waa a few weeks ago aethmg was beard but the busy hum of the eoavetaation ef to IBBBattests sad toe pleasant rattle af the looms But tha fancied aecurity—for itbeen daatoatod by toe folliag of tbe Peaabertoa amtobefore tte Curoswr s Jury. Oa tha point there a much of this city aad the mill corrporsAtana? Tbe Boston and the day (JiT'datg the attention cf tte town wtth Nibtol ae strongly inotottog that from the Maine Railroad, that baa made thousands of dollars tbe Garden, where Cook's Qrcue baa haft agraat week.i a/ Workmen A Word m Poitthct—the influences to be brought to bear by those whose future Tha calamity has nantoid ta packing Lawrence full of duced, It a announced as tte worx of Matilda Heron eoptotaftte •nrntog am*, bat they proemTbe excitement to relation to tbe deetrucf on of ;i>* Pembertes MiU at very natnrally caustog the attention oftrap, I send you the names of to* jury, with their occu- patioas, which may threw a gHainan of Sight upon the direct er indirect conafcuon that exato to tte businessof tbe jury seen and the remaining moneyed corporation* of tha city;—The am a WUham B. P. Wright, a wealthy lawyer. tinsmith. Be a principally aad exieae* ve- iy engaged ia manufacturing tinware for ail the factoriesin Lawrence.leonard Stoddard, formerly one of tbe Deputy a»nffsof Essex countyEdwardPage,ironbobmaker. His principal trade aBoston have made a complete winter's work ta regards dollars and cents.FOR TBX To JAsnto 6. ateaarr, ESQ.For tte rehaf of tte Lawrence aula sufferers.A WIDOW8 MTTE.Received, Hew York. Jan. 21, I860, five dollars for UwrsBoe suffer*^aJOHN H. WATSON, per H. 3 Hniimmm Neves from ttoe Sandwich Island*.Joroan and Mrs. Allen are in the caat. Tte ptoy baa bean is tte prov isces, and it ia said to b* vary inAt WsitacES theatre the very sueceatful "A Husband to Order. ' aad "Everybody « Frtead. will be played for the last fame To morrow nigat tbe "TtesBttttaaeeof a Pear Yoaag Maa," will beta grand styI*.At Laura Keen*'* theatre. "Jessie Deans' will beplayed tonight and every sight during tte weak.At NiMow Garden, to* programme of Cook 8 Ctreat will receive aa aaaamaai tsamsttta to the shape of th* trained norse Ducrow, a graduate from tte Oreo Napoleon, toaetioas amy be aoaaawhat restrained by a verdict censur- people. The shops aad places of refreshments, tte rail-ing tb* projectors and builders of the Pembertoa man- roads, tte tofcgraph use and tbe newspaper press of who stays Lamm. Mr. J. W. Waltack, Jr., Mr. Georgethe remstader of tbe evening sdiOon Tte rived by the midday tram to-day, aad tte aa tt baaaaaa ao great that Mr. Hubbard » new* < eaas bombamed by hundreds of psoas*, i course of lam than as hour not a stogie amsa much at twenty Ore cena war* off copy. Tte ordinary price of tte New Yorkwhich me otty tapers ar* saai to man: Bat friend Hubbard, who tt wta*to btt own day aad generation, that there waa a rare chance to-day la value of th* news stock, aad so be v*rytwo oralHERAIS nvbtodsteitobtator SoHnbbard'sithe factoriesS. P Simmons, stone mason. Has extensive businessconstciions with the factories.Dr I n . D. Lamb, tte foreman of tte jury, to whosejudgment people appear to ptaos tte faileai confidence. After leaving the sepulchral ruins, I proceeded to "the City Hall, a spacious, plain brick edifice, where tte Co rcners inquest is new betog bald. On to* steps of the building were seea groups of pear people, mam of whomMEATS OP P E S BRITISH ACTWG CONSUL ORNBXAI.— TBa HTDOON RAT COMTAJIT BSMOVTHG THEIR AQENOT—OTaNO AND WHALING REPORTS, ETCwere saitorefs by tbeaf maafthaary aad other material, or to with tbe others at their uaeavtobb) ammtom, 0a eneastern side of the cityupon tbcsiiitpietaipa conflict were received wtth markedThe Broadway Boudoir. No. 444 Broadway, offers three light pieces—" Our Gal," '• Th* Lady of to* Lions'" sad " Tte Actress of All Work," is all of which tte pretty aad clevwr Webb Saters will appear.error in the ralmanona of the civil engineer under tbe building was constructed or planterisg the spacious hall leading to tte aaveral corporate offices, t t e first thing observable waa fragments of tbe iron pillars taken from the Pamaenea Mills sad used byno great sagacity or knowledge af an iron founder's art in arriving at the conclusion that tbey were totally to- adequate in strength aad material for the purpose* inIt a reported to Honolulu that Moms smile Perm. Ha Imperial Majesty s Commaeioner and Consul Generai.es neeto soon to be recalled, or obtain leave of absence.aa the former, tor tbe engineer referred to wisH. Bkntow, a graduate of West Point, and for somepast aanartotondtog gaoasmmsat works, at New Bud which tbey were used. Passing further oa to th* right B T Nichca, tte tate acting British Cmamtoasaar andBy way of California we bare news from tte Sandwich Porta.Islands dated ta tte 6th of December.His Majesty tbe King returned from f ahaina on tbe Sbtxiof November His Majesty waa rather unwell, and baa act revived atoee ha return.The Commtmal Adeertiter says that the Stag left for Isamtoa on tb* 28lh of November to tbe schooner Mara. The critical ooaditton in which Mr. Neiaon, ha aecrate. y,At tte Bowery theatre, and tte Maw Bowery, also. "Tte Octoroon will b*-produced tha Biasing Thar* tt asm* natural cunosity as to the reception of that ptoy on theBe arrirod in town last aigtit from the latter pl*s •• of tbe ball, my attention was directed to a group around Consul General at Hoaomlu, dad on board tte ship The new subscription at tbe French theatre commenced to a difficulty Os limine to theira doorway, on passing through I was to tbe ream where Piaarro, on bar passage to Bremen.sad will grve ha testimony before the Coroner's jury to the wearing apparel, gatheieu from the ruins, waa stored, Tbe earthquake noticed as having been felt at Honoluluan Saturday, when two charming comedies, '• La Jew de there to ao other pubbc buildisg toof to* prat work* a toad forbleaching, ootor piintfog aad oaf. Other expeita to srtil engineering will aiao be pre placed there for identification by tte relatives of the and at t*h«i« appears on Hawaii to have beea toe moatta Maaon'' aad " Le Chapssii d'ua Horloger'' were rep-ao well fitted for tte sacommodatmn of auatteit aa tteaeat. and a full history of the mmmmanaj dofeca of tma u»ad or misting, to one corner of the room mood severe ever hat A correspondent at Kau writes:—"Chi resented. Tbe aezt performance will be gives to mor- Town Hall If. however, proper sUeratona, under aatoa-has thrown this entire ooaaaunity Mo a stow of gloom. the first inotano- fur the relief of the wounded. Passing that a fresh aa* arge stream of lava has within a day orNow m to the other hugeTbe largest aad mom importantLawrence.the sufferers Tbe committee have diviued the city mm agamy from the Sandwich Islands: mama Baaeth, the tbe principal parts. If tbe ptoy ia sa tusmy at tte bill the but an empty valley. Tbesix districts, each of which is under the direction of a on vertices for sal* ah* entire stoak oipublic will do well to took after tot buttons.Bryant's Miassrett onbr their usual concert programmeaad a number of burlesque scenes, dances, AcWood's Mmetrea will give a concert and dramatic per- always bad ate advantage to tte all 1offiototw«*n*y-fivecentstoonethousanddollars. But•no individual donation amounting to tbe tatter sum hasyet been made, and that was by a gentleman ef Boston iOEg 176 20, sad about 100 miles west ef Cape Tbaddeue The people of Yoskers will find Wood's a very excellentttetodsj frototweaty Pcmbsrtsc.A parting af tto» Tbe Pacific sails embrace a cotton mill and print works, Tbe smallest contribution waa from to* bands of two little Nearly across toe mouth ofthe bay an island stretches, on band. It a now under tte direction ef Mr. Sylvester, another portom wtosh ******* tote theami nsanofavuire cotton and woollen goods, detainee, ax. giris, who gave to **}ur Saunders two passage aampa tbe northern snore of which a excellent landtag. Th It is the largest aataaaanaa ni of (be kind in the Uaitad towards deireyiag the postage expeaa* of that geattssuas bay ha* several arms, a targe aad spacious, with nine, t• > Slates, aad, ptrhsps, tbe workl. Its ground nWiage ia his multifarious correspondence from various parts of fifteen fathoms of water,and vessels cab he in safety ta any cover sa area of five acres Tbe main building a built the country, making tannines, Ac Tb* average number weather. On tte 16th of June, when daeoveied, a was of brick, five stories high. The toaasamm a of solid ma of letters receiied by the Mayor of Lawrence a about fifty tound entirely free from ice. The captain has too much acery, twenty five feel below the surface, fasting upon a per day. As most of these tetters aaatato injuries, it is oo modesty to give it a name, but as it is not noted on any Bint rock bottom, upon a part of a kdgo extending into easy task to answer correspondence, to this, however. chart to which we have bad access, we will name it Free-amsebar.THniTRts EuwwBxam —Mr. Thomas Barry waa m townlawuia—There are reporto abroad that tte wi** the river The Padhe bUiht are capable of employing Mayor Saunders has been aaahved by ex Mayor Oliver man s Harbor.beikttag a amuatly cracked, to that ao? SMC personw, and its pay roll waa at one timeaW.dBD per between tb*se two gentlemen the work cuaimues to be anew**—There is ant one crack it occurred about month. At present about 1.600 bands are emploved— be- cbet-rfuKy perforared.atx years ago. ant tea eraaied no alarm. tween 400 and sot m tte pitnt works, the balance ia tbe Mayor launders thinks that ifft»0,POOwere raised, itA Honolulu correspondent of the Alia. California. writes—The Guano company have taken poaseaeion of another aland,ami named it Wiiliam'8 island. It nas a targe amount of guano on Ife Tbe schooner Far West,Meriden a one now in course of erection for Mr. £. D. WiJ • cox, one of the members of tte Brttaaata Mstsl Maaufac- uirmg Company. Tha building, whenoomptew,will beta*BMtu milbj. The operatives in the print works are mostly wouid br sufficient to relieve the restitute operative*, andA —It occurred in that part of toe building renting on males, natives of England and Scotland. those to tbe cat- renuer comiortahie the sick ana wounded, and place the Capt. Porter, will ran between here and Bakers Island,health. With Mrs. Williams be will commence an engagesent at the Howard Athenaeum, Boston, on the 6th Feb-ruary. Mrs. W. J. Florence had a benefit to Mempais best residence in any part of tbe a»niT *t matt t t e pro -diamond ring by her admirers is that otty. Man Eliza in tbe Italian style of architecture, and whan ftni Germans. Ac, intermingled.. The principal supports thai at leasL *ii,i.uo be ra.sed by her •' >r tins noine pur- be shortly, tbey being supplied with the requisite mate Logan a playing a farewell engagement at Cincinnati cording to expectation next ausunsr, will he *oi the building are wooden pillars, which are remove J as pose To tic tha enVctuaLy, ano to prevent uniiuthorts»«l rial, this interchange Of intercourse a highly desirable. A tbey decay, and their places supplied by cast iron pillars. person* from collecting funds. Mayor Saunders proposes sale of 1.000 ton* of Jams Island guano a reported toThe drama of "Tcuatnmt l'OverUire" a underused at named and triumph of teste for the town. Tte'Oaagreh kea increased from year to year, aad two hundred new Nc daw has been found in any of tbe latter thus far. Mr that subsmpliun IIAIB. attended by proper persons, be parties here a* having been made at $30 per ton in Newgational church a aao a very h—illlfni•MOMare about being put up in the intermediate awHdiag Chepin, toe agent of the Pacific, a one of the moat amcere kept in all the mttrupoitiau newsuaper uflUea, and thatThe PaciHc Print Works print all the lawns BudO/m the and kindest of men, allevratea the distresses of the each day's receipts be acknowled^ d m the column*of tnel-uaod state*—via, at the m>if* to Boiyok* andf in New poorest, an<( « beaever one of them dies, bimself and ha pai-ens of the metropolis giving 'be uame or initials of theHsmpentr*. They amount to about 2.000 pieces a year. family attend their funeral fh the print works of the contributor by tha means tt a thought the sum aboveVoikWe have endeavored to obtain some approximation tothe amount of Oil and bone being shipped to home pore th •' fall, but owieg to the iact that but few of the vessels taking freight, have cioaeu their accounts, we find it dirti- calt to give a correct statement. Tbe following figures will serve simply aa an estimate, several of the snips being still on this berth loading.JSpe'w.Wood's theatre. Mr. Sam Cowell has*bees very successful st the Boston Museum. Signers Macafern, Beaucarde. where Parson Thatcher hold* forth h aMme Alberfasi asd Sig Ardavasi will commence a con- gunge to the South and the insllliitums of a frtaadlycert tour in Philadelphia tha week. Beaucarde. who has Thi* a the aame awns* lion preacher who, dartog the bat Presidential campaign,declared that whoever voted for sutlered with his throat st&ae hit arrival here, hat had an James Buchanan as President would leave a atom ofoperation performed, which promises to removo the blood oa the ballot box. He got up one of btt treasonWith regard to tbe Washington Mills (formerly Baythei.- way into the markats of, or are ia lemani In. the State tbe name they bore until the financial coliapse of Hopkins *Co., rtetoc, ft26; Theooore Bias, 13 NorthOtat*. Whale. EbU. Lbs Mas Maggie Mitchell will ptoy during tha week. At latter place were dagusted with ha taamrcaad*, aad be Per Sam, to data 10.211 308.410 66 72.22fc had to gi\ e up ha sermon as a bad jab. Bat tbto to saSouthern Sates. They are sent mostly to the Watt, the 1867, which prostrated some of the millionaires, but left strict. Phiiadeipha. too; F. Gordon. Ptvmouth, Mass., Northwest, to foreign ports, be- So tor as tbe onerstioss tbe walls ;.'' the mtlis standing). we have to state that the *10; C E. Aldrleh A Co., Boston, $60; from tte or- of the corporation are ooncerned, none of ta agents know sgvnt thereof it Capt. Pox, formerly commander of a cele- phans snd family of DeVeaux College, Sus- anything about politics. They are something they do out brated New fork steamer called the George Law. The pension Bridge, New York, $10 Sands « mill ill with, aad if loft to then* own meditations with a superintendent a a worthy Scotchman, named John Pen- Byers, Andover. Mam., $10 B. B. Converse, Boston,ft&i the valla of toe corporation, tbey would never know der, who was among the most active of the Pomberton employees In tbe gas metre factory of Messrs Code,Hung, or that the ery of rescuers. This is also an immense concern, but not so ex- Hopper k Gram. Philadelphia, alio, Waitham Social Club, tensive ss the Pasilic, yet employing about tbe same num- $160; Capt. John Percivai, C 8. A.. S36, Mrs. Benjamin,at aawaarcBToior woazrjG, BK.(1Mb) wtiea abomftao.OBOwoulct be dbtoursod, Tbey are but little affected by tbe Ptmberton fatality, and Andover. $100. The mill for tbe aman'acture of anil duck, sttog » some »8,«B0 per week. The pay appear to have unbounded coafioeace m tbe ascutity of adjoining the site of the late Pembertoa Mill, is at present19 192.348 Wood's theatre, Cincinnati, an ortftaal five act tragedy by E M. Powers, Esq., entitled "The Fatalist, or 'vtatons ofAs an evidence of the rapid progiass which Meruisa baa 60,508 $8 — the Future," has been produced. At New Orleans "Dot made, I have beea to some pain* to obtain tb* tesawtogShipments as above. . .69,000 836. A» ber of hands (1,000), with capacity to furnish employ- Nashua, ftfi Second Unrvereaiat Socmty, Manchester, Shipment* at fill© (.est). — 100.000ment to witcto a few hundreds of double that number N H.,ftS117; operativea of Newmarket Manufacturing The operatives is the Washington Mills are mostly Scotch Company $203 9U; Barn i en t Express, for various eon-informed your reporter that fiverto tbe employes of she mtaa would be made to and KsgUsh. with a sprinkling of Irish aad American. trtbutions, $46 60, operatives of Maryland Woollen Mill,210 868.691 The oil reduced to barrels gives about 1,000 barrels sperm, and 29,730 barrels of whale oil. Tbe ttopnwnte hat fall from these islands ware 4,000 barrets sperm, art made it bank bust or to apoate, at the Option of the buildings in which they labor. There a no crack nearly or quae inoperative, from tbe fact that m 47.000 berrea whale oil. aad 1,2*4,738 pounds bone. operative., ft does not make mash ifafataaoi to the n tbe waia of the Washington that we can bear tbe manufacture of this peculiar goods very heavy iTom these dam although tbey are only aa approxima-or tbe onanatva bow the money a paid, tor. of; oa tbe contrary, it a repitseatod to be machinery a used, aad the momentum oaased tion, it will be man that there will be a targe tailing off mtte amount of all aad boa* homeward bound.as sound and substantial a structure of tbe kind as any m thereby baa given tbe public tbe impression thatC. remarked, "It a mostly ptodgad in advbaae tos, sad eamea bank agato to a abort nam." tbe country, except, perhaps, tbe Merrimac, at Lowell it a baxarrtous to work to it- Tbe operatives, acting onaaarage wages of the optrattTea, adntta tow chil- Its fouadatioas, aao, amtnry rem upon font and rock. tha opinion, have, therefore, deserted it. How tor anyaf ttertten wOLta ta*<anm«f*sre*Bsa1tosiof deihas aaawaay. tad to* aawsstt aftoclstied, a batwasa etohty and ninety cents a taratog as low aa 12 aad othars aa highud for such a belie! exaa will be made clear to a days, or sa soon aa an examination of the ttructure. wfBaetmen, ntore than they aow Save, te order to *fu—ul* thear buaf children The boors of labor are from half pthe As to tbe Duck mill, imperfect, rattling, shaky, fflmay | a four stories in height, and from a aaaerfietal view ap throe at it a, there n one thing to be said abaat it—it baa aot pears perfectly tale. Aa regard* toe safety of the otherTbe Atlantic mills are wen spoken of an to ttow solidity, C aad no aapreesaatoaa, that we ana aaoartnia. are felt aa totbew security Tbe wort in item proosada aa usual, wtthdelighted witb two asto of naidances) were tt one* simple tad costly, aadguwhed by a contrast of color evincing tte mosttaste. Her dancing emphatically belongs to tteschool. if we may am tb* expression, aad baa nothing tocommon with that petite «tog*aa* which rendered Pare* Bta*maiiiMBfuBy Wvaaoisd that aaaaartewas wnat, Nesa as great a tevertte ansae aaaaona atoee, bat tbe aanoally, etaat hansred sad tfiy a*aaaad depart Tata sale energy aad activity which aa ware, af asnmavsaaaatoaaat upo* sataal teunuy.and te pnnto witness ta Spanish dancing, is by pronabte salmilea m*7by must exqnaite •tofjtaoa aad refinement, wtttoh pro- te*,*ast»s4sr*mtos*rlduced ao decided an effect upon tte discriminating audiI n t e l l i g e n c e .Tte famous Judge H. Stump, Judge of toe Criminal Coin of Baltimore, has been ordered to appear before* Team of age ia tbe mill some two hundred or nearly the usual number of operatives. can be made by scientific men. Tbe building in ejaaataa cvrmmHI**of both hn—rs of tbe Maryland Legatatar*, on Monday, Jan. aft, to answer charge* preferred againstyet tumbled down, nor will tt soon, it a likely, from the weight of operatives, as it aaw stoada or ratherif it had ma ssisriiia teams** in every hsjfa windmatt to regard to tha mill a to maktag ato tto upperorobahiy, that a ship should carry its bai-mat in the mretop. T t e operatives smarted t t e "llttiamills in Lawrence—the Bay State, Washington, Atlantic aad Facinc—no means are aaareed to aauertatn, aa no person a permitted to vail them but those directly em- ploy ad in their operation. Thai exclueivenues on the part of the directors aad agent* does aot speak volume* in favor ef tbe safety af these huge edifices.At pretoattwo hundred and fifty persons are dependent on tbe relief fond; about one hundred a the extreme number of their kiltad, aad abaat two hundred aad fifty mote or b a t totaled.Many of tte grocers aad storekeepert of Lawrence tost money tram tbe toocbtcdaem to them by many of tb* killed, wounded or destitute operatives. The sgsjsaasM torn by tbto • iaaa a aasbaatoi at «8,QQ0.>. Tte Peashertoa Mills ware no doubt destroyed by their aad unscientific construction.0 U B BOSTON CORRESPONDENCE. BOSTOS, JOB. 17,1800.Sa* iwreace Jfosram ***** aeosMtf of the Cardjsto of Imcrnux— Fimds Wanted, dk.I have read your interesting and arathfal articles an tte tate awful calamity at Lawrence, and am ptoaaad to notice that there is one paper that dares to apeak oat against the,aatoleaveaaao tetaaaaa '—a complete aucceaa Dona Isabel Cabas wasg i ace and feeling. It laboth were recalled at tbe dote of each of theirreceive tte warmest marks of•ace. Tte oomprhaent waa rsong*bait by tte aenora wito aa inoesenbabie charm, which must te wtt-to be thoroughlyiof baak Miaiuma waastiia*as*;iy . ....ftfgg *8BB*»vZtoak sad' toaaadtototy anar t t e fail of marafly tram thai "nettle,tha flower. safety."that work will be resumed today totha mill, m the two tower storms, leaving tte two opner to wriggle aa tbey stoma. There are generally from five hundred to atx hundred opeiaavas employed to the mill, bvt orobahiy aot oae-ihird of t t e number will veatere wnhm its waia agam aatii tte security of tte ttructure is placed beyoad paiadfaatiira.The above embraces a Sat of ail tbe principal mil* is tha pace, with auch facts connected with them aa eould be gleaned ta the midst of the prevailing fftoaa. The people here do aot mem to bare folly realised the vast i»«sof tbe tote eaamay. when ttey do, tbey will arose*tbeaaeNes la tte duty af torowtog around those who, by mamrtnae or otherwae, aremeat in the mills bore, bstoaTurning to saotber topic—yon would be to tee tbe extent of the nsad, tot persistentof a population ofcan scarceajr b eavowed John Browaers. So reaee that tbey have not even naihrsBg meeung bore. Tot, timea t af satbmalay, ft II a Beiper book tas aaeverybody a said m have read itTbe afaro Camp of the Sana af " toteatornasm al<Mas WateauU g~ of B a h a Tb* ptamttff ia a auudaa tody •net resides in fawtucket. it very good asking, tad aged fitry free years Tb* defendant m a gnatlirmtn sixty nine years old, and reawes to Fall Btrer, abar* te tt a grocer.t t e Pesaberton, danger, haveIt a underscarceiycorporal'sre the faction tarecce hi a part aad parcel of the aid town of Mcthuen. to Hayward's asastoar for ISfft, te says:—«* Tte sail of Me- thaea (Row Lawrence) a ompoaed of peat and loasn (*an- dy) aad.' About the yoar 1846 a band of factory speculaaf the old Boston gentlemen of toato streeta oompaay. called tte taatx Company, aad wer* iaaorp*. rated by tbe Stole. Among the leaders in theWevens. whioabe ooatmued for some months Is Sep tosnber, 18*8, te married a wemaa named tomb Jane Fake, aao in caaaoqueace Mtaa Steveaa brings this suit.The clipper ship Flora Temple, the iaaa of which we psbdated a few dart trace, bad oa board five youth* 'rots Korfolb.aa aipreaoces. all offta test for tbew safety Cap*. Josmtan t -'—r n atH-n -*BT"firlTr.llnnajb hit foaiilj latoilat litThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069guard of togotapaaym-tbat tte circulation bare, in toot,tor), Oft t efirm of(saw ta Lawrence,StoneA Co.,tbe sham mala at Msamrhnsiitis. Th*Sy iva, to date.£ F. WiBsts (m6 331 102,763 9 whalers cleared, .16,106 270.821Black S-a,79 287.490 37,340216 768,691 — 100.000bad a run of three weeks at th* Varieta* ; Mr. report of a committee appointed atx years ago for to* par- Edwin Booth played a brilliant engagement at the St pose of collecting information relative to tbe asaeaat of banking capital required by tbe business partem ef to*Charles. " L'Etoile du Nurd" waa the latest novelty to community, and by the etttoena ofLondon. Madame Celeste has brought out a newbailsbJMi would naturally transact their bans:at the Lyceum She must be pretty good, if we may be- dan, and to arspare aad praaant s pattaaa toAssembly of the State tm a charter for a aew baak, to believe tbe following extract from the London Son (Decem- located to tbe village af West taiMdaii wtaia baa aha* ber 80):—uf the former Mendea baak. The < Is appearance tbe Dona Isabel' ubaa embodies tbe idea faltowawhich we have been accustomed to attach to those mag- We Sad the amount of nificent tintsrnttart beantoa who have maddened the eiaeed tour millionbratas of both Moors and Christtaaa, aad have been tte town one kindred aad thing theme of some of tbe most unarming *omposit»na of tte gaged in trade asd b Spanish mute. Her costumes (for tb* aadtottat ware The a*mount of bank <Total 60,000 986.600him by some of ha fellow attoens.lb* Taunton Battle reports thai ex Governor Morton. of Massachusetts, be* dangerously ill at ha reatdaoc* in that town.The Worcester 5b% aaya it baa beea ascertained that forged paper, traceable to John E Frye, who resigned btt seat ta tbe **»« aeame of MaasschraeKi oa the 18th torn., to the amount of ftlO.OOu or fill,000, tt held by various parties to Boston, and it a probable that more will be oacoveraa. He had need moat of it at oottataral security, and tbe nam** of five or six different btaiuasc brn.K had been forged upon it Cmpp « Bayaaad, of Worcester, find their rum— on tiu« paper to the amount of more than ftl J00. Mr. Frye waa a '-iltog nmmbai of tbe Qcaker Fraternity to that section of Worcester county.Bov. aaatta Paeips. of Andover, aao teaa attttttd to preach tbe next election sermon before the legatature of itaataamBBtaIn tbe Superior Court tt New Bedford, Mass., a csae ifJante dwe a Sepwmber, 1867, aad after a short aaw, it • amy be stated to a few worda Law- a legrd, be casmtteaced paying his addliases to Mimbreach of premtte of marrage tt oa trialitevena, of Ptwtucket, C Fuller, of Fall Riverclaina ftf.OOOUntitled Document— 0«,366106,666— 179.276fait sway, amyher" that tbey said spendidwhich (Pm) we may aa a sasOaaMj:—p*-to tha"alirortbeaalterssndoRnts." Aretbey are toaattar saw aad geaamy to btt wboM performaac* which teBM ttcK seen go op to Lawrence to ranter any *--«stance to toe dead aad wounded ar open their panebags to too iatoiii? Not.at all The laborers aad pooratea have aatttted tbe needy aad done toe work ofcharity. Lam Thursday, the "New England Society ' aclub of the flae old Boston svntiemen, white holding amirannual meeting at Parker's Hotel, agreed to dispense with where it baa teat pteywd every night atoos De- their dinner aad wine drinking sad appropriate he, hamof ftfi,on« for Lawrence Tha money baa aot beea sent as yet up to to-day, while from the butchers and others of NewtYork from Philadelphia aad New Haven, have come the needful funds.Tte fall report of the pr**u*dtoaa, sajtaanad ta tte j tbto aasatog, baa beea devoured wtth ateThere a aa deabt of tbe want or tte money aad as——----» —--*-•^-*-*anto11 -•sa - a»aa*.bails, an 'i, aa ioag aa ton nam* oaaaa- baa rarely exhibtted. He sang the Bond awatt grace-cena atChickering's, tha even sg. Tbe concert m worthy•f apeetal attaaaaa, to to* metropolitan amabwa tte tmatncticeabte event ia the withdrawal of "Tte Osto;-cember 6, sad the sansanrataaal af at prodacttoaat bath ttethe OU flowerytte Mew from th* manager af tte Winter•^Jessie Deans ' a sail found tte leading attraction ofrooafrom tte boards of tte Wtotor 6*rden,formanceatFarnngton Hall,Toskers,thaievening.;" *13 ;.•aao "Bebert * Dtabte." Ia with t t e "BarOCRScAoci-TAr Poet Ofiee—Ptmiatl iTbe Manufacturers' Union ton yesterday,among the village ]may be seen on every ablea likely to prteaoe kthings about nVgsoii, oae of awkjaeh aaag aad tow* hfaniaT well. Thaw Wat aaIn Boston, two points touchingTte Taws Bafl, wbsee ton fas iBB*JI« waa a*M, tt tom- ato ta th* eastern aaartttaf Marttaa. M a a vary pretty architectural structure, but vary badly saaptod to tha purposes of public lasting*: Tha onastraeaoa to by aa means well suited to tte otaiujaaa of sound, aad tt would teadvaabtaff t t e Itarmen fotks wesaf toteU Iaatr aifitbiga satswbar*. IFifteen or twenty years ago Watt Mendea waathe great simplicity of lis architectare Tha a to* |LsUllvaotedanntahy ta B s S e n . www.fultonhistory.com 