 ftMHMitiury irtikmittee of Thirty three to-day that their proceedings,excepting as to results, shsil be regarded as private, secede for an impracUeaU'ity, to wit. viUe what ka* been " gone sun. The prospect,! MUI liWi illW IIIBiPKIWI'f 1*, 1*-SES%dl. L—NO. 2882.of9itai. Lewis JmftTiittmi Cass,A.!„; AAeaai Wb* is known, however, that several propositions, looking to political conciliation, were presented and read, but not acted upon. Several gentlemen made q>eeches, and opinions were interchanged. Theand the enterprise »1U fhll. But uniiuestioa- of pension paypaased the Legislature almost instantly.Col. Auaa, of Georgia, the head of the pre-the North. It is not unfrequent that you hear men who have reputations for Intelligence and fairness as-"stance Lf what a man can do under the influence ofWeTbe Kansas Tronblee.St. Loots, Friday. Dec. 14.for meats, strips of dried fish, straw-of State.after the clock of older liistitations has shruek. TimeflUf,tkeimprove credit oftktt* Ak«te«te.t« te itdt ky Siiattn iNflu ud Wtde.beneficial. But not long would CaroUoa ba pennittsd Ofonething the Democrats may be well assured BUtet in tke syss ^Empe depend on tkeir Federal un-From Oar e<paof the HovsA CmnttteB.tunr Bipwn nuw thb sooth.later day than was first contemplated.RODBRICK. THE STARVATION QUESTION.BOW TBS DI8UKI(H< MUTUIIHT AmOTB KANtirAO- TCBEB8.PmaBUSOB, Dec. 12, 16M. Tb the EUtOT aftkt New-York Tiutct :Having been a reader of your paper from its be-aorely tried by a4|Hp» able. I believe it is so regarded in the South, as well tion of America must of necessity tie carried out, and superiority too. It would require a long disoulsitlon which forbade them to imbiiie coektafls iMK^fe-ifaedBgno, he must migrate from his professtonal;their on thebrightens the land, nnaariatadDec 14. Ae iMisnalkB of Oetietai)i Ca88 created a \ MBntton ta poUUcal dreles here. Altliougb itIleniently, as great nationsthe oughtactions to bettt tt-tU Me1- WmmiiW, Friday,ginning, I have come to regard It* *tatement8,wu not oonsam- The Allot and thl> aftenHwn. Tuloas cause* hareas North and West. At this ciltical period in our na-have confidence in the practical good sense of the to enter Into tbem all, but It may be mentioneu as oneAmerican character. A certain hectoring tone, aris- advantage, that life should not consist wholly of mo- night. As their tastes were edncMed to ^iMiktion, but that there should be a little rest in it as well.TOMicd tmiij thU morning, itof to-morrow morning will publish an elaborate article on our country'samptkadiTiaian of tlie General Land Office, an open these falsehoods. sertingWhether do not know theyAmerican institutions," and so undoubtedly it is.of Federal Republicaiiism. Wasu- will only alter the phrase a little, and say that it is aA special dispatchfrom Mount City, Kansas, onCaa, i* now on a visit to Georgia, on leave of ab- aeacc, for the purpose of exciting the feeling in that State upon the subject of disunion. While absent, hi* pay StUI goes on.popular mind. Is only to be inferred. In thU and a thousand other similar ways the people are led to be- litve that the Union Is a positive burden and a curse.1 am assured that among tlie slaves, particularly out of the cities, where any notion at all prevails of Mr LiKcout, it is that he is a Such as have notr.egro.of illsHe had found American patriotism strongall with thaA plan ii proposed, and will probably beputin oxe-Sprmg gained for him this distinction, Ex-Guv. SarMouamains open to question. At a crisis like tiie'prese.it the cenlrilugal seems more th^vn a counterpoise to the centiipetal furte, if we are tj take the Southern-gion and national character, the dictates of a lilghor and mote comprehensive self-respect, and the re- spect of European Powers, are to be cast to ttie winds wnen they conflict witii local prejudices and tlie sal- aries ot a class ot geniU-inen wno tooit their appoint-then a and the President of thesecreted in Ihe woods, and were surrounded and or- dered to surrender. After conferring together, theythat a clean white under-tunk woold Bit bacatkm U eaoogh consent, to call a caucus of all theBepoMieaii members, to eonatder the present crisis,aad what dunild be the action of the Committee. 1 am aatlafied that, although the resolutions passed are tBtarpieted as meaning nothing, yet only a few Re-to be remembered. Mr. Buchanan is kindlyof Mr. Lincoln'scers,amiss when he partookof food at the waid^ooatpablleani comparativelyalias Andksson,Is expected the Court to-morrow.MuchSpecial Committee have retailed theTlioughhe refused to run for the Convention, yet sograntedother cotlon-prooucing Slates, rnuoH less by thoseto achieve, in the &ees of the Hollanders, have so long and so exclusivelyfeelinghasarisen because members of theproceedings, and that he received almost every vote cast. He wastakingtiollnrs in debt, ti" follows the hintwhtchau a'tcidentala resoluUon was Committee will report onslavey can niiike hitnsch amad .in-l re.- west.eat;-i c a mail who hasDiakitig his way.can or will them. supportedvcst eertaia HiT**'''f'~** tmm making strong speeches,who are mneh '~««""^ at the recent attacks upoa R. Basnwxll Riiett, who has perhaps been the mosta salute of 19 and tlien in state erne- guns,were escorted bya^aioadroathe North.Private account* from Alabama, received by mem-bers of flie Government to-day, say that the conserv-HekAbout midnight last night, a fire broke out into the palace ol reeeptioB. Itpassed today prohibiting it. Monday or Tuesday.knowsoppose him. Senator Hammond is considered the lead- parts of the Penal aiid Ciul Code pro:e31ing tnn I'vcs, cocnteiniice. a foinrnsnding person, a good manner, Baptist .-Society's properly, on the west side of Centre- forced to do formal honor to theMoss, of South Carolina leftof the delegation will withdrawformally,as thay believe, the most imposing spectacle everwttaened in the history of the vtorld.The Fadlic Railroad scheme on PisHia'a planIs being vigorously presied, and has many friends. It aeen* to be a good project:of tfeet, owied byBlaxs,wascountry where in former times been compelled to grovelhe aaiyanded, for political reasons. O. P. Q.10 TBI aSSOCIATXD PBI3S. WiSHiHaroM,Friday,Dec.14.again entirely b.inlst.ed from the minds ofHotel desof infantryhad been prepared,OfSPaTCHThan is nodonbt whatever that Gen. Cass lias leaderswhich.'lere belongsto'.heesabir^uc1would have Amin does not leap into atoncefortyMslgBeda*SecretaryofState. Regretiseverywhereiabnt nttle if any ee«<iieTe in the assur- I that Boath Carolina will net resist the Federal aattoritifs dorlag the •iiatatttr**'*" of Presidenito theguar- the North. That great social question,ments.ia consequence. Ite indications are that Ix-Otfr. Sieainoa, of New-York, will be the suc-professional ascentis alteropen to a man tryingexpressedS-, though these are not altogether reliable.and absorbing than all the politicalire intensewatchworils of so nionv previous lines,and the TritonNea-Arrfral of the Borepa.on exqnisitoworewhilefrom the coikaUoet,mingled with amber iced champagne flowed riversdowntheirthroats. Indeed,whenthecar-Idiscussthat ques-nlshes a more overpoweringagainstthrough whateverDec. 14-10 P.M. Bheof a French perpetually being poppedThe t.^night. The restpiesfiedlie recommends the imposition of prohiaii irylita lav\}er lie lit-c-jiiit s.andlawyer, accordinglywereburned. TheSecondwhentheypresentingwh. re unfriendly laws exist," and otherprodigious po.vers_io:iir;dtecedents n,iist hav,-^ bet^n a fatal drag upv^n Mr. Lty-ccLNin any loiiiitry of the Old World, at least in its T;f,riii-1 coniiillrjn. Hjid without a re^'olution to disturb it. \\oiiId the profc:s'on of the law, for ex im;>lR, iiave been praciicallv open to an ex-farmer, ex barge-Loss »30,0CO—mostly insured.1—Wia ntyazaMsaidadasmenpromise*,to Is deemed—unqoestlooably carries thousandsitatHflfimm*maU.m»m^tl iiasrter.8t«R >aa i^rsamd tbe oflaion thataretheonly pretextstates making the noii-errcutl"n oftril-will not be up before morning.The thermometer was down to i" above icro to-day.laIsides, it is even suggested that in realityat i>re.<-eiit flourlt-hes, in spite of what he speaks and It thali to us who read it.Ovrrton Block, on the comer of Main and Mon-whom he abasedthe of The President, protectlaB the public property.bawcTer,isstillopposedtosuchincreaseforpruden- tiai reasoni, being apprehenslTe that it would butevidently /S not complete faith Jn all the plans of se-cession. Commerce Is the safest borometer of this.Hencewefindsitippersandownersofvessel*hereare SouthCarrlisa,whoseexportsexceedinvalueher::i'\which is ron'cinns of great powers, bot has laadraw- hack of aa unfavorable start and abadiamdasllao to lllr. These men do not bear the words " Too late"4iBtiift*e4tDMadtnafa1o itreagtken Oe garrison puts Southern property on an equality with Northern theof the United civil war may be used there in a strictly Parliament- whole career of restlessness and never reach theal>«ft Kaalbto; and stUI aaotber, to esctqw thelag to the AdmiBlstratloa, whleli he amendnient be made to the Constitution of the Unitedary sense.chance be carried too far, and the threat so often ut-I with eompUdtr la the lecession programme. JUItkeae report* are utme, as I hare been in- br file Teteran patriot and statesman hi ra-tal.facturers have but little to encourage them in the future, we have no suffering amongst our artiaans and working-people, nor Is there any money pressure upon our manufacturers.FEDERACY.steadyaUr*Head^.Otherneniber*oftheCabinetmay largeattendance,andadeepfeelingwasmanifested.Thismorningin the ground. «ad fanaats an plowiag for SpriagCaaaaae llissisaa's trial wai ekieed Friday night. The jury remained out till Saturday, 1 o'clock, and not agreeing, were discharged, and the prisonerandmostrepulsivemngpoaaiKIato.|thoae panaaa sAs pecntiara murderer, aceordiag to ( —itta l^Hikleat and the Cabinet, the PreatdentIltae ABOUT THE IggUE.CnAausTOH, 8. C, Sunday, Dec. 9, 1880."Savings Banks," and that If the South are waitinglofsof their charters and other penalties on Banksthat tecome Insolvent or and the suspend, althoughBanks ff tbe State are believed to be thoroughlynot arrested, but o&cer» are after htm. yetThe first church-bell in the Pike's Peak region ar-casion a was sent for requisition.Cifea are said to have shed tears at theup "Me ofttecoaittry.Mo oae ha* yet been named as successor to Gen.graters,patpoae spicinfsootfaiBCIhere on the 7th.HiHCELZT A Co.'s Emessengers by the U. S. Coach,Toesday next, will deliver a speech taking strong taught the moft absurd notions in regard to the Presi-spec-e in order to pick up these bills at depreciatedrates, and there was consequently a double drain.Bills on England had been sold at New-York at allrates from lOfi to 108. The lowest price mentioned for Ihe 6th, and was published by(ronad la {aror of coercion. Mr. Wui, of Ohio, will take a ibBilar stand on Monday. These speeches,The Douglas men have, until lately, regarded thewhole affair as not concerning them, and as between bankers' b'Us is 107 56. and the correctness of the quo-it 1* repreeented by Secessionists, willprecipitate antherapidly.growing disunion feeling in the Cotton States. It is probable that there will be no Legisla- tloB tills Winter should these speeches be made as prepared.Private letters from Louisiana represent the State as certain to secede at once. Ex-Secretary CoRaAn, of PiUJioax'8 Cabinet, has written a letter urging im-DzNviaCiTT,Dec.11.~Tuesday.the present excitement. TherewasannnderstandlDgamongtheselectCom- lowaccession.Ihe Idnjl^'ii^i jMMa/aagmentdaringproperty in the Territories, and that the following States."Territories of the United Stateshaving a population equal to the constituency of one.The Congress may establish governments for thecorrespondentof the FetersburghThere among them, complexion.anotfier canae of and which was of atoand any TerritoryliaiMM iha COnttitntiOB. He lired In the Member of Congress, and having adopted, by a vote owners and workmen, you would never suppose that hostile Confederation.Cm tea natlTe of the United States:a of the people of our were in a torn where the CfinTeittian was held ; remem- of the citizens of the United States resident therein, a large portion countryfean dIfttDeUj the rejoielngs at the birth Constitution, Republican in form, may be admitted state of almost open rebellion, and that a part of theGreat Britain would be a most unstable reliancefor ahas grown with Its by the Congress into this Union as a State tels4>wnBWlDblgtobepre*ent at its last expiring during the territorial condition, shall by legislation orits birth, he says he is un- otherwise, annul or Impair rights of property recog- wfiUiv te lematn here to witness it* dissolution. nized by the laws of any of the States.theYOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN UNION OF BOS- starving working peopleandji e»> and atreogtheBed with its strength, and neither the Congress nor the people of a Territory, ploughs, &c., used upon their plantations.•f Hm CeolMeraey;;great workshepwith their cotton and canewagons,as indicative of the nltlmato extinction of Negro Slavery In America.0*9- BaTiBgwttBessa^I he retiiM from tte CaUnet, but with the kindesttowo, Oglelborp County, Georgia, look in upon our still hesitate to believe that there is much real caii.ise to kope from the friendly feeling of France, evenBwOmof the North into sub- though the act will be utterly fatal to tbe prosperity of Iamb to the wolf. Such vulpine it timacy Is to be re-I fat PicaUentthe Cabiaet, whan he eompUmented highly as honor- Ala iM paidada nen.TON.BoBTOK, Friday. Dec. 14.mission to the behests of oiu Southern Lorit,The truth Is the Southern people are wonderfully iguerant of the condition of the working people of themination, however, spread through three or four States, the dissolution of the Confederation would then become an Irrevocable fact With regard to the financial consequences of the existing disturbance. It appears that money had been scarce and distrust prev- alent for some time in the Southern cities, butpastter of the Emperor."Newafraas Pike'a Peak.Foar KsAxaxT, Friday, Dec. 14.heads, which are shaved dinraatty, aai Smand each member ofA special meeting of the Young Men's Christian Union was held last night in Tremont Temple, forNorth. They class them with the"poor white folks"imagine that after the razor bad|separate States,quartersthebeliefisgen-stance returned by Free Statestinue to reach them. The weather In Gregory's mineslection of odds and ends as wooU be a sight for the Hebrew populadon of CShalhaB-to a Levite in the liS'^ant.that the Fugitive i^lave law is a dead letter, and the Persorial LibertyDemocratic institutions are now on their trial insame year should witness the accomplishment of much notice. It is put forward as a remarkable In-was very fine, and work was going rapidly ahead.Btreet, or yet a wonder preserved;The South Carolina slaTdiolden and planters who want cheaper slaves and more of them are going toniggttUd^tostu'.ti/y the policy ofis never "too late" for them. are in Tkeyon her coast, InTiHag the trad* and aidii« ttso far aspublic burdens T These are coasideratlons that may be drowsed in the passion of the hoar, but which will,Societyactive,batregardingthedoingsand condition of thepeopleinstiengtb, is characteristic of adolescence, but no suchSuch a modified system may not produce the mostcareer of the President elect of the Unlted'States, asaaedlate leceaaion. The hill calling a Convention laws the only ones concerning fugitives enforced at America. It would be a strange coincidence if tire the New -York Press describes it, Is sure to attract passengers and $2,000 in dust tliis morning.The Salect Committee had another long session to-day. Mr. CoBwiB brought in his proposition, the that impression, have an idea that an individual h^s the dignified aud statesmaniike moderation of theScott. Gen. HiainT wished to de-been chosen President who is a great friend ofthe excInslTe right to elect oiEcers and make and will in some way change their condition. The sors, or would later growth develop those harsherthat the United States Marshal should tail. This filthiness of habit, howerei, ia oahfaiaInytheir own laws, sgtject to the Constitution of the United State*. ThI* wa« combated byKauooe and otiier*, aa carrying Slavery into all the Territories derthe Dred Scott decision, aad without coming to a Tote the Committee adjourned over to Monday.bad « read and hear from those who have visited Japan, their peo-fitatiure of which I* giving the people of a Terri-theirrs, founders ofand sent,preferring clearlyonly explanation I have heard for this is that the term " Black Republican " has no other signification to the African nund.for, from all the accobnU we ;share of public confidence is CuAaLXS O'Conor, ofyour city. His letters and speeches Incident to theUnion demonstrations la^.t VVinter and have Democracy, but its capability of cohesion still re-special dependence saysappearsesteemed at his true value, and Is spoken of as we are enjoined to speak of a bridge that carries us safe over. In reality the nuIUfiers feel that, at tbis moment, they practically have no such friend as the " Old Public Functionary."iliewtheirpistolsand replied they would and killed.die firstIn this Stale the nullifiers feel the absence of someTke eaoeiu may be prevented by the conaervatives, great mind to lead tl.em in the emergency. They ments subject to tills uncerlaiiily. "I'he enemies of illto tie The authorities arefeat U held. It will probably result in a break-up.Great aflbits wi& be made beibre Monday to pre-Democracy have alwaysasserted itut to itcaniLOtrisetoanN. J. under Dec. 14. riageshave number of statesmen of wonderful^ ca- anyit of ceremony uponPolice are to be armed and General of the Dutch East Indies. Theypacity—in their own estimationbut there isthe of a great national idea, and tuat for conceptioncation of a village schocilboyence of a schoolmaster, blithe is seen after wards giving the troops in readiness. ^^^^generallyHe knows time. Again,heBe thismay,one among them ail whowantof this vivifying principleof its own otcay. The otii..oiieiits or coituaceived at the landing byno recognizedis generally like Calhoun.w-as he recognized as the man for the times, forward by the more moderate class, whoit did were saw their TJceray Ambassadw* rf» iheir own •«TM» »« iri the durt, with cbab^ on the frne croaa»;attemptas a safe and surepersistent nulllfier, Is not conceded the qualities of a were changed, merchaids and manufacturers wouldleader. His prudence, if not his fidelity. Is much dis- trusted. This distrust has of late very much In- creased, and the gentleman will scarcely have the in-not show less bllndiu ss or selfishness than far"mer-s and landlords. It has been reserved lor the li.-e- eating" slave owners of South Carolina and (ieor^ia to verity this taunt, and to seek for precedents of partypower gives him confidence.nows he can getguide,Fire inOrangesNswASX, N. J., ofand the uUras dared noting mind, the only statesman South Carolina has, but liberties and propertiesof all\'/c must add to this a strikingobligedfearedto be ledby Rhett,therepealhe has not the qualities of a leader.alleged as the principal drawback In his case. Be- resignation ot their oflices by tlie Federal employesIndolence and an organic indisposition to mix in troublous times, isfrom thesending relegates to a Southern Convenilm. Ihebuineil.hisnot deeply rng»ged in the cause of nullification, as it« rites on^^oineii rites a chaipce remarklalKiri-d >|><.e<li.po outof (h,. Union, even she came^ack thoughof our words, and little know hn* far are sparing into bluster may be carried before barking pisse.swith the usual complimentary common-placM,the subject.once in vogue mMis* Lam's Saturday morning receptions com-senoa to-morrow, although it has been previously an-Boaseed that all festivities at the White House would position Cei-Ured that '• South Carolina was bound to U.e Mors Sacer, and actually encampedKteaealioat C^lllaion aod l«os« of Ijifc. MzHFKis, Tenn., Friday, Dec.The steamer Friend, bound and the Goody up,steamer South Bend, bound down the river, collidedSeveralDec. 14. The condemned slavers Storm Kin^ and Triton w ere sold at auction to-day. The Storm Ktni,' broughtwithout the formalitiesmore than a Thus the other day, a gentleman ofin mis The idea would .ever have entercl info Mr. Lincoln's hend. The VI rcrahle loots of tlie sagrs of the law. their wigs,expressesThe threat of secession is the standard rs-iniin, e-x-sli'ielioiisekeener, ex-laud surveyorthe Ambassadors ware Indes, where they alighted brf«»«heart isonce,within a week.- i do not believe that the idea of an RepubUc. There, however, the malcmteiiusliidafcrmii.c, ihewhichinhedges '*J'*'^^^v',^®ultimate return is aconsiderableshareofvaifiage-gronndCoverninent. Thesecurityofof their patrician oppressors depended on their c.op-returningUiuo,,, and many oqthem-Ume ameed by m which inspires an interest Immeasurablyever where there is no b.i'ner to sudden vi«iiors, where It is not necessary to choice before are twenty, but wherelta}ian unity tmder a constitutional^onarchy and Utedisruptiontrunks with complicated iiasps, lackered rice bowls, old odd boots, heaps of dirty sandals " and thia laat^n,*rt^^5/^?tO^V «ii® jmlf-finit •!^'i3,NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1860.aMltlcnal forces should be sent to South Carolina for Is in tbe qualification, the future will disclose. There where the slaves outnumber the white population, the ety In which he lives,—where this Is the osdar of Inet to tract them to the uncertaiaty which win fol-)a thegflacr by a system of mercantile exciuaiwi ?hurrying away their ships and cargoes, evidentlyseven to one. be the cbnpossible, if not positively legaUalat It^-Sooth CaroUnaprapeot of accommodation is about the same a* it may safely count on reaeising a large igfax of AfrioaD we siill believe, assert theiaselves a* the movement oars in all professioas, la tins way—taBMaasmuch asTMMMMWtL ALSO RESIfiN.•rPresMtant members has produced a depressing effect among the To this extent with slaveholders, nnlliAeatloa Will ba these despeiate and minous counsels.The publication of the msnlfesto of the Southern attention, as It inspires the hopes, of the nniliSers. months of his Presidentship, may do much to mitigate at first, because every new malarial is dilBenlt, asaptttods is aeqiulred the aiaa has toierataip stnifa|ht sailing, and eoafarvatlvea, who ia7 they are sow aatisfied the to make herself a nuisance. The dvlUxed *sllona Mlt (As ckaraeter amd prtatige of the several United Srloefuecssolmoensalthe dispositloa to rapose Ui the pleasantformer are oppond to any JnUtleal compromise or ae- CbDunodationwhatever.<Mi> Lord Noan saw this when be skillfully protxisedexercise and command of artsfbkqiwlsdge alreadyeesloii.Senator WiiMiM^etter, addressed ttf Cuan Ccsn-tbe commercial population of Cliarleston, who are Amcrlcui iadepenaence. Let tkere be no mistake at to other be maltipUes the necessity for asd voyage of 46 day* froa Loaado, aad ' ' conqaBst,BIWf n flOOn CABOLINA. ns, wtU^^pear in to-morrow'* tiatUmal RtpiAUeaM, PiuAa'dPeople'sPaciHc Railroad bill, embracing tiree routea, haa been referred to|the Hooae SpecialThe ensuing Convention will immediately paaa the has not been to tkai wkiek tke Southerners are so anx- can never lets himself rest There Is no harbor of of Good Hope having been attteded «ttArguttionalaffairs,when so much that IsaiMoluleiyfalseing from the exuberant consciousness of health andof a far mightier Union under tlic dlslo-jacketedcatiT'g agencyaad avowed secesaionist and a special favorite of Mr. better, or refort to misrepresentation to Inflame the iNOTOM, like ALixAHDxa, was troubled ia his last days remarkHble instance of what a man can do in Ameri- the Stb, to the Democrat, says all is quiet there, and filthy foot gloves," beds bedding—the meanness of-party aud personal inter-coon, Iwouldpreferthe of the afleigHfirC captainsests, the fierceness of provincial jealousies? Couldhave them. It is plain thatourinstitutions, if they Stzzli, at Fortare a great assistance to society, are at the same time a clare martial law, but Gov. MiDAar would not con- and mizzen-top,whose office it is to to4»> cinanaa,Anglo- Saxon character ?We dare not say that thelibertygreatbe transmitted to their succes-checktoindiTtduals. Ourmarked professions entirely put it out of anybody's make the arrests aud the prisoners lie tried by Territo- perhaps to the unnatural exigence theyai.d vulgar qualities wliicb too often appear in the_DiseaTered aad Killed.shipboardexperinient is yet complete. Two generations haveIn this State, the Northern man who has the largest amply: sufficed to confirm and transcend the experi- who approaches by a short cut has to cross. InSt. Louis, Friday, Dec. 14.ple of ail classes are very patternsneatneaa,which, thoutjh nominally Southern, have uatin a! a;fi'i- itles with the Norh. Even the Governor i^f Geor.'i i,look intobook on sun eying gives fiim.Stoari k Tica- the Post-office, a drug-store, jewelry,trade all to themselves.thoughduties on inipuru Iroui the North,swaUow,oluiionary measures, shrinksCharleston has not yet been accepted at W..s-imi;lo;i,probably soundsWe EuKiisiiinrjaroe streets,bur.ied to-day. _Loss$175,000;in-..,tire inasses. and perhaps of theThis is evi,,ent from the fact. that eraUon foreign enemies, whereas here itlitnebegin.with I's. however clever he may tates the rationage of solicitors,practice db- t'C. TraJiiionagainst undertookt«pledge candidatesagainst Dfrsonalsafetyoftheever,/'t,*V^ succeesfnl-.efused to make thevetoes experi- In a cAuntry, however, where a su-^cessfuicolleaalj.o. RuiTT & Co.,an1Norfolk, Friday,of his Hotel.antipodalgnea"'future kind of Government .Suulli CarolinaStep outrrake youryou have the op'ion of turning experienceff^**,.,^ Z^""""^ '"""•'•>' '" B""=n'o the shall havea two-fold bearing on the preiieiii crisis,$3,S00$2,025.sengers, after their forty-five days' aubeisteneeand the general not to dispotion,motiveJur- 1' nand growth channels de- at once, when you like, into the most dignified and elevating channel, wbe.-e all this is santtioned by public opinion, aud a man createshiaiself as a and one- pushingpottedtion, favors this suggesUon, Theof intellect, rived.previousBoBiON, Friday.platsfeu itjouconceiveil necessity •• to vindicate the po«ition of the Stale and the raries,secure against inj i- that States in a position Slave LisvThe steamship Europa isofpolicy to which she stands^oouDitted—a point of honor, as itry irom the lon-execution of the Fugitivetolength* whloh-their jodgmeals do not ap;>iove. " We zens prepared to" be c'.osete.! bevond the reacbut rather a feel-will go out, If we come back again." How much thereEurope, hasard if it luralshesa moUve In favor of secession i;youmeats, againrevive tmder theof Gov. Bi.,ax less formicable to those who hearcoon before The audience,himself^ ^^ however, of Wednesday passed offand the sanguinary rhwlomontadewas sured, jgi.ooo.biting. siarle eouree of a mob, and the Rimanp;c!i6-iiflenthere in -reIt would notcoiiiilrv? i,a\i;beei;.14.and afterwardsI1 l-irthan without permanently separating friin the| paraded to receive them. A.bwiol tbe Me- It was indeed a treat to see onr Japanese pas-nw a forsecession." Butaretheserelra-.toryciti-and encouiagedno prejudice againstf that In such SUtes as South Carolina and Mississij.pi,suinIpnthuiosusfaavsoprirasiita bmyasnucofh parcoopuerrses,pirit, who is only- turning to account the advantages cf the state of soci-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.iliWilli their own dnmest'c instiliition?" Is It cert -.m IrigresponsibiliiyofNow, as we" say.itthe aud the lives citycarte blanche portSouthern that i.< plantersthe charges tropolitanit.a singular fact," savsoueofour American o^i emp)-UnDocthtitledncumenat,niksters conW dispense with tbe aid of their Northern tMngs In a country, a powerful aad estraprdlosrybrethien la a servile wart Or, toturning another Bttmulvs to exertion ia offered to oae elesa of menitemInthetaaascalculationofexpeoiency,would whichIsnotofferedelsewhere—^we meaa to that classlatports,proportion tone m«a beliere thatofEngland and France ixillaailcnutaf,km)f a ctnturyfor tke take of aa extmaed cotton trade,sounding In their earswtthin a moderateitas i« now;compass tlaa longtmd lofurchaie tke favor of CkarUeton and MUUdge- *y rerogniTing called tke zsoTAer-arid tide wait for them. They have tlMirehaaoa whenV tkwOiM IIwa* yesictday. In order to afford time for coaeide- slaves by direct importatioa. She will be a seoiiad becon.es more regular and orderly. We have ccmfi- there Is no way out of a professieaii^psa man Is once Descriytt^ dence.notonlyInthediscretion«irMr.Lnoeur,but in,hecontentshimselfwithanadvaaaaiatheartsMttoB, an adjoarnment till Monday took place.' Cuba, only worse. This featora has not escaped the in that of Mr. BceaaaAS, wlm, in the remaining and facilities of that one profession. It Is hard work,the Slaoe-aa4 therefore not to be revealed for publication. It mde. The civilized world will not tolerate tlM mal l«ir, wkick impeU African labor towardt tke trop- then, is an enormous impulse to them, beosoae. If it is:ict"o»the otker eide of tke Atlantic! Will tbe sus-nevertoolate themselves.Ftimtl IWito succeed, it Is never too late to exertpiracy,ably, in the distracted state of thing* which lecessloawillusheris—all(avorabi*tothelaaMngofslaver* HonproveaneconomicalexpedienttoStateswin ofAmericansocietywhichwehavenotInourown.meuts in sreciertcuumt staut, and will an independent AdmlnJCstra-have hitherto bone a small share of the verywith Um oonsciousness—that Charleston, as a free port, will eoaaeto be a ^«< Isotating some from the rest, aad Bokks resisted ills thy l»|>iii Ilia SMtter Is over. Bat Ameiieaa aeUvewoUldmiitetopatastoptothaiUaiillaalatrafflc'i^AnotherimpracticableideaIs.thatwhlehsappeaM aoomproodse,whichwouldhavehadtlieeffectof soribaathanbelow,beesDsethemainstragglewithItIsgenerallyreportedthatMr.Docauta'speechnext week will be of a coercive character against se- the first magnlmde—indeed, rival New-Tork. ThUU llkoeum velU :"—the stubborn and mnnnous spirit of tered comes In with every new proMMaii, where aIt was withKreaiaatla&tetioit^at«^~|r-make a short statement in regard to the condition of as irechaiiical, is the rule in America, and threats of plete object, has thousands which go through thebreakfast to supper, they were pemittal to ^Mn,<in this "Although business is much affected and our mtuiu- tered in jest or wantonness should be repeated in ear- FOREIGN SENTIMENT ON A COTTON CON- nerves were aspeople Suies."Birminghamtoddj-sticksgoingwithmnchTiaadly,^MTojncgefrom the cheerful spirit of both mill-acquiesce in its the batls of an becomingand"The comments of the English Press on the elec-alludea cntaacountry which has l>een largely supplied fropa thiscate a greater feeling of alarm on the possibility of a disruption of the Union than has ever Mfore been ex-lish joumus rejoice at tlie result of the Presidentialgreatly subdued, yet there are stIU a f*Mr. naaean, Alitint Secretary of State, resignedfmtmiMi, knt'hoid* aver a lew days for the appoint-«rt«<I a laccencr. I hare also reliable authority prayer for tbe preservation of the Union of the States. the mass of the Southern mechanics have been those York nntll a few days previous to the departure of and six passengers.of the South, for while many active, energetic me-tm *^ac A*t Secretary VaoanoH will resign, prot>- Bishop EasTsraa made an addresa There was a who, by want of skill and energy and industry, have rapidly, had since osatlnued to give way, aad moneyeonld not be negotiated under the rate of 12 per cent, persnnuia. One step taken by the Lagisl^taraitf Sooth CaroHaa had greatly tncreaaed the gCBeral ui essare,lotkaeaaaaiaatioa open the aAirs of the Union • MIX llf THE SXCE88I0N HOTgMB.><T—HI80IT- have no nor in That our terests of that State. With a view to defy all contin- sulfering now, any prospect.fallDW, aad It la nmiored that the President himselfFROM SOUTH CAROLINA.from personal observation."erofe.In South Carolina evenquenUy expressed that Mr. Likoolh will prove a con- demands, they may have to transfer their hopes tosoured, of course, had created a run. At the same rived this,Butifthisroughsparringshouldbyany goal, nest and lead to bloodshed. It Is some comfort that thethetheir health did not suffer, and no daMt tM^aggressors will not be the stronger party. Mr. Lin-coln will In that case command a majority in Con-ness, and will carry with him the support of all thosewho. however tolerant of Slavery, will not tamely English and French papers. He writesfavorable peculiarity of American institutions in Mr.effluviumNiphonthe selfishness of been of America not to have has the great institutionInstitutions In the sense In which we of the old worldterwards from thestronglyhead that he should enter into them after a certain time of life and without a certain education. The barrier is almost insuperable which an adventurerAmerica it is quite different.farmer, then a trader down the Alississippi, surveyor, then a lawyer, upon which last platformhas risen the statesmanUnited Slates. Now, take a manver^alik ai d foiiile mind, and this liberty of profes-sional ascent is an enormous gain. It is everything They were immediately fired upon to hiin. In Mr. Lihcot,lr we have not your man ofunf talei't. Your man of one talent may possess Itto perfection, but he may spare himself the labors ofambition, lie may be quite sure that he is tiorn to be adtudge. Mr. Ll^colN can do anything he sets illsmii:n to, partly from natural pliability, partly by an tive slave ioviB,mense of his attention on whatever is power fixingtjeiore him. He slaris without even the common edu-six weeks oT a loghouse school when he was 16, washislfirst and last experi-geavrem even denied the assumed liberality of the com- SCiniiiulfcsof fi.xed and absorbed attention outof hismidcav heur of relaxation, after some hastily swallow- ed mctithfuis, to his book. The consciousness of thiserce of antiquity as to the expansive energies of aers at their werd.mess-table, and though that aitleesyoath repHad—TlieWestern Republic, the ties of laws, langu.ige, reli-pr<ju(itrarlitions ot tlicgrc.i:" widiand retorted if circumstances mercial spirit, that,and dragoonsit carries in luselftriethe BesideDt ofatives think they will carry the State sure. If so, time fluence in the ensuing Convention, and in moulding warfare, not in the history of the United States, tiutwill be gained, and South Carolina will go out alone. the new order of things, that he and his clique count- in the continental system of Napoleon, In the Berlin man would beg to be excused a campaign against the tenants. The building was consumed, and a number Government sent the Hiagmra. here purposely toTtie Border this about.ed on. Ex-Judge Magrath will probably come promi- Dfiree. and the English Orders in Coihicil."Black Hawks." but the storekeeper in an instant of others, principally stores. The fire burned west to flaunt the commercial tiinittpb we have or expectState men are doing their utmost to bringaccepts the command. It is with tbe same self-confi-nently into the foreground in this connection. ed in South Carolina and Georgia as irrepress-hlo. or detce that whei; his storehouse, owing to a frau lulent the brick-store of L.;;he can make liin self aH. Frbzuas as a stove-store;is obvious what a clear .\mnican ii.stitui;oiis'' ar,; to a man of this asoiring rnoiiUi ot niii.;l to such antecedents. Such an-divinity tiBilitlc.ns of theih'-irpioud prolessi.in,den the aspirailon. At a certain time it is tooand the_SlBvers Said at Anetion.under theto the hotel-keeper, and who, If re-;atrescue. TheMr. Lincoln was first athat Adson, wounded, and Ball, tle Dutch village of Saardam. But on board even wno escaped fiom WALXza's, were found yesterday TeuMY has had to be gently reminded by te op-or in noby A.hoK, groctisand other isiabllshments,"of the citizens of the States pro[ieily combining self-possession and heartiness and Messrs. LiKnsxT AtoillegalItion of LixooLH must convince us of the South, that known on the other side of theThe Western stage coach from Denver 10th,chanics from the North have in late years gone South, that no serious effect had been observable In New- passed here for Omaha, this morning, with mails pummice-stoned to the polish of an iwsylthissteamer. Stocks,wlilchthentiegantofailrafiisr failedtosucceedathomeIntheNorth. ThisIknow badnowbecomesoscarcetliateventliebestbillsDsavis, Monday,Dec.10.empyrical practice dhis own.Balidstown" Mead, thao, know thatr«BUO FULIKS U CBABUSTOir—TBI LEUnm) here, in a city and vicinity of 130,000 Inhabitants, wa and had already operated most injuriously on the. in-I.et yaurorthe hair is arranged but be eandwell-doing and fiugal people have all sometlUng laidgencies thty liad repealed the law wliicb iofliets tbe set at liberty. Watibs, the morderer of Fsishan, is by a plenteous use of ship's mnstaid. On<for arainy day," as witness tbe reports of ourithe belief is not unfre- the starvation of ourCaak Mr.. LasTau declines taking the place of Mr. seiva'ive President, and will disappoint the radical generaticnsyet unborn. The public mini throughout New-York, and their correspondents in that City, thijjso^ningthe western part of our State is coming to regard the Republicans. Such an opinion, wliich only the mors course of the Southern Secessionists as only to beTte good feeling of last night is dissipated to-day candid and mtelligent admit. Is never uttered by po- eharacterized as trtaaiin, and as such deserving only by aothentlc information that Judge DonoLis, on litical leaders before the people, who have been the reward of treason.thereff'te. V ere called upon to send them gold. TtieNew- York Banks meanwhile were also seiidingdo*n ti Co.'s Express arranged with the Western Stage Co.dent elect, and the Republican Parly generally.They have been taught to believe tliat the first and in-tended legitimate result of Mr. Lincol:i'8 electionImmiriistTf collision in South CaroliAa, and strengthen would be the passage of laws hostile to Slavery in the aie in no better standing with the South than opentation of lOfiJi, stated to have been sent by telegram v'ii Halifax on the day after the departure of the mall. Is therefore doubted. In the Stock market the average fall since the previous mail ha*! been five per cent.,of bits of bananas in their paws,nUlandinsomeeral that the abolition of Slavery and the turning ofall the negroes loose on the community must followthe success of the Republican Party. Equally pre- valent is the belief that fugitive slaves are in no in-;J. B. S.Republicans.DISUNION AS VIEWED ABROAD.HOW ENGLAND AND FRANCE WILL REGARD A SOUTHERN CONFEDERACY.From the London Times, Nov. 29.,peopleInto submission to theirRepublicans and Soutliern Secessionists, but now they begin to see that their hero, having been egged by theparrot lime,thegambolsmoBkeya and theand honorable oeople of the South, high-minded theyand the week 10 cent. Thus, New-York CnAuas NiTz, formerly a citizen of Leavenworth,eraiappearanceofthing*time the Southern honses found it Impossible to sell in a regular manner the Cotton bills which they draw ontake down t8,M0 in dust.A copy of the President's message, wliich Hincxlztwe did not learn.The cabins of^he Kamis and high officer* ai*too sacred for the profane feet of Jack to presa upon their carpets, and we can only judge of tbe condition of those once elegant apartments by the perfume of salt dried fish wntch decoiate tba damask curtains of the doors, tha aroaa aCgainFire In Bfemphl*.MzafHis, Tenn., Friday, Dec. 14.around his neck, or else stamp withoutdaringtoraise his eyestoAePaganf^-forbid- late tomilesabovenere, lives were lost.latter stmk.gratifying order «f does not belie him, has more than e^Bdrted.i':iThis, indeed, produces a resUessaeas in the activityschemeofconciliationonthatvery Hoc lifeIsrpslfess,bseaaaa,a*new bemas- groniid. n>a%M torived atthis fertile island, after aks^^iAtIall its victims, to tbe perils of secession and reyoiuUon. di^ltsA public opinion ontkie subject, Ifwekaoe paid keeps op tte struggle life, sad the most arduous York—the letter part of tlie toju^^obi I a sincere komage to tke rising greatness of America, it part of that struggle,, 1far long,er. In fact, the Am_eri-one phase of tbe delusion, and goes far to reconcile t^ Sooth la falling into the tactics of tbe enemies of man can go on changing from one profueHon to an-secession ordinanceibut there isoonsifleraUcdoabt iatis toconserve,bnl to Ikat wkicktkegarestrivingtorefugewhich receives theaccomplished' professional«M^ heavy seas. Our J^^anieae *o-»t t|wwhether it will aot be made to take elTeet at aiaach destroy. All Ikat is noble and ventnNs in tke United man at a certapi time of life, where he occu- simplytCommittee on that subjectPaymaster Jobh 8. CvmiaaHAH hss been ordered tothe sloop-of-war Macedonian,THE SECESSKM MOTEMEIIT.DI8FATCHB8 AMD CORMESPONDKNCB.THE ATLAS AND AHGUS ON THE CRISIS. Aliuit, Friday, Dec. 14.oaaree toward! Fern, In Mr. Liircoui's Administration shall acqilesce in the esperlally when it is necessary to correct public opin- lence. Even now, so long as the agitation is con- produces a large amount of moderate distinction,refusing ftned to bullying and insults, to "retaliatory laws" which is thoroughly enjoyed because the man lias tion on sliip-lxiard as a serious liarddlip, aa jn-to siWtiate ow difBeolOes, and witlidrawing construction of the Constitution, substandaUy settled ion in the Soath in regard to the condition of the and Indienatton'meetingF. in the form of Conventions, time and rest to enjoy It, whereas the American plan,Mr. Clat. Another nT* it was beeanae tlie Presi- by the Supreme Court of the United States, which masses of the laboring people of the North, 1 wish to we shall not despair. High pressure, moral as well for one ^eat restless Intiellect which attains its com- haps it was, but nevertheless in the da^^ipa^ taiiias I know thousands throughout the country do, as reli-its advantages, however, the old ene has its points officers have been somewhatStates is atsociated witk the Federal Constitution, It is not tke demonstrations of Southern rufianism inpies himself In the use of tools whloh he has alreadyPon^frsss, or tke ^filhifustering etggrandixement of the S^tkjfrom tke Mexican annexations downwards, or tke Fugitive Stave late, or tke Dred Scott decision, or tkebeantifol trnjiralthose bitter sweet mixtures in our own fraalMsa mlgtul. One report attributes It to ttie dangers and the remedy, In which it is proposed that variiAia parts of the cotmtry is published abroad, and allowance is made for deliberate acts of lawless vio- prominent Instances of Individual elevation, but it room country, they seemed to regard the pr«UU-—it is not tkese, or any otker tri-by|Kamsas-Nebraska actumph of Democratic insalmee during their ascendencyof kalf a century, that has commanded tke sym- the transplsntations of American intellect, tne con-of the Indian Ocean.dinm of the voyage from Qte Oq>e in 1studious way, fortified by nmcli evenneaa ti'lak^ per and a generous table aoiae ofduring perCrctriil had frone from 84 to 74, Erie from 34H to 29, and Illinois Central from 74V to (SO.THE PRESIDENT ELECT. From the London Times, Nov, 28.The race of life is so interesting a subject, both still con- to those who have succeeded In It and those who back by deep snow. Encouraging reportshave been disappointed In It, that the adventurousseen the throughwlHiIt would have under anotherwith lu isat the save time of eertsta bounds which cannot be passed. There is a tendency to»aa»asllag on theirbeing new but a* soon as ;ddaeqalM. The real aeUvitr of mtaS » more on tbemasteredhome to another nntried tad Everybody migrates in eyesAmerica, and the early removals of the Lincoln family from Kentucky to Spencer Cooaty. fiom Spen- cer County to Illinois, from Illinois to Coles County, and from Coles County to Haeon County, only typifytke wbfMand admiration Europe, We have stant breaking of new professional ground, and the ofiininfermpted succession of new poatlons and onmr-tunttles which the boatman to the convey Mississipptdignity of tbe White-House. If the new system hasThay; thoughpathyjudged these thingsof great men andjudged, because we iinew the perilous conditions under which so mighty an enterprise as the civiliza-The RichmondExpress is unpleasantly affected by the tone of theTHE FINANCIAL CRISIS.The commercial letters from America to-day indi- the securiqr of the latter. Without exception the Ens- six weeks ago, and, though its TfmlMiMI;successful scratching operation,but those who have been familiar with pollt-campaign,nocrises in that country, and have no-fciaTlesasnedCould your gentlemanly correspondent at Bairds- ticed the mariner in which they sudderUy-subslde, wHl on the subject of Lincoln's election, gives us little""monetary'TheFrenchPress,too.so far as it hasspokenoutdidnotfromthefirst seemto mnckl placeon their own Faculty fox treatment, botf cheerful, frugal, and industrious and happy (although for apprehension. The present advices state that if looking to LODis Napolxoh for protection would sought professional advice from thehe would abandon his idea of Sonlh Carolina appears determined to secede, al- not be quasi agnum committere like giving the verysooty)people, lupo,Cotton Confederacy, should a superior Power tlireaten "Scotch Fiddle." This irmptioD bndB* «lt^frigate. Infact,thepathologyoftbta tbe State unless Georgia alsojoins. Should the deter- garded with immense distrust, considering the charac- tors seems to be entirety devoted tois clearand withnofrost bright,to bring through by special messenger, left Fort Kear- ney at b P. M., on the 6th, arrived here at 9 A. M. onthe MouiUaineer thatday.Two coaches of the C. O. C. and P. P. Express pass-ed here for St. Joseph this afternoon.ftn- as smelled andopenNone of the parties from here for San Juan had attendants, that portion of the ship is deaaaddied here on Sunday, and was buried yesterday with Masonic honors.sky-lights.reached those mines at the last accounts. They were out every few daysand there is aamt on. stopping along the east foot of the mountains, kept the quarter-deck such a heteiogeaeooa eoUThe C. O. C. and P. P. coaches take down twelve—own workman- ca in the absence of all institutions to check llim. The no arrests have been made. MosiooMsay, Jzh.msos, swarming with vermin and reAingus to tbeenough to brave in a good cause the armies of Gzoboe Lin coln'8 case has been that they did not exist, that Itby nkisgivlugs siiip.ill., but would it be proof againstprosperity,soliditySzahoii and others are not to be found. Gen. Hassst had ordered two companies of infantry under Major WssBXLS and Capt Ltok, to be stationed at Moimt City, and two companies of dragoons, under Capt.mo^ and Aa What is shoveled ««* af- bunks and decks of thabfelta-rial law. Fogitlve*ofdispatch to the Republican from In- and their habitations rival those of the fismoaa Ht-AThe Taranta FagitlTO SlaTO Case. ToaoNio, C. W., Friday, Dec. 14.Get nasty agam very quick," yet he con^liad the hint. 'The decision in the Extradition case of the fugi-It was on Sunday, the 30th, the Niagttra anchor-in tke Koads of Batavia, land on the following Wednesday the Japanese Ambassadors made a via-given bymaking active preparationsM. PAHtTB, the Oovetaor-lip anyihlng-he likes. "The lioys catch him by the the basement of the building comer of Main and has evidently been a matter of Bhm^ Hf''nothas probably encountered strong head winds, andpreventanticipatedware re-Batavi%a militia out of a m^s-captain Centre sUeels, Orange, N. J., used as a rum-selling noyance to the Dutch authoiiUea thfte«p%|g of:trm",'ind rnftke himuiePTury freak, tiecause he Is the most popular andpleacHut fellow in the " New- Salem ;" an ordinary establishment. The upper part was occupied by the Japanese, and it is cumoUy beliaaed that ourthe pnicpeJiug a lo;it-it for that they will be imitaied Dy partner, fails him. and leaves him eleven hundred Methodist Church, which latter was partially burnedWe are far fromtoihenew and considerably injured. Waveriy riall, occupiedcunsideriiigC. Liohtsuip,and eastwho had the Japaneseyet signaled.keptfiers could make them.as dioae .-*'potMtfMl-was, however,iof stale stench from rotten fish.tobacco,four, they-!^ X^-x-) tsit a Tibtft •»«• ^/gKf .M-Sf/fliWTWTf }: q <<I V.I TJtft ,-,-.1 ; • 'ii •i::m U(us aitt^ , -r11 .••...',3 4 ,a3iii«.li' - : -t"*» »JMcaB irwo csivts,; .THE jAPAwai ivlmmiia^Bt^ -winds andlikewise shared in the pleasnie* at foit,,^imiiclose manner the operation is parfoarmal «M1put the scalp was then sSBd^paibalL One of the afflicted indMdnaia triad • Ianthropistbut whether for the their external humors or foroftbeir fOrktatlaBut respect to the bsmcoons appropriated to theas itnot make more sweet the bitter piU they;Empty bottles, old boxes, pickle jars, broken tinacuutne,and ruby streams of Hargaux and ImldMi''!anC Jai^j. www.fultonhistory.com 