 M Lota,i#fUM »<ii»~<u»di tn coo»«. lo.»— v*V Tiu* pr»-Mriiai . I t *itt»«t y to KD- *]» n. i«. Mr-«ai*ea.brick4cktMV {. JTsv»brick:»0RWiO(t-azt o*o«»l- ee*> £r»awiCitfoirta'aiBg dt. laree> prouarf* ruoulaes,h-stoopAlso,7;h-«t.,; br» •ith hacklu*«ta» T and» asrts* i>uut m i twtttb******rinuutingiiaiCa'rltoa- -*•« •©- ) b- t<»t4 ry *ui.Ul B.T. o*r- 5o v > « .aemXeone of •en; fojr _ So.314burgh.rich.***>aldwttk bo-ok- as auxgh.HaerwofWW*tense! »o rod real »p;y**>row»-la per-'' Apply£stofyBnx>k- £2:Xtafte*r*— Theoi••*&.. b * - mexpijied i ax* ail m. J. S A W -2E.—ao;ht >.Sta-K t t l e s * * " , ii<XM»&-»U3Eofi*y o f 8L •U, stww*. sxjijil00ft.SA.TL*R~ o75Fii>o-a t f r a m e-cellar, i »Apply oa a cbok»*f lerui. >K, cbeap-Ciwtfcb-COOT-btoe Plata* da of **»* i O D X M I IUNTEY,ttt North- T faVOr»MsS r*.—North-IQ tfa*>fH\ :4laid way down below th* reach of ordinary mortals'ken,aBwellasoutofreachoftheinfluenceofsur-face waves and the commotion of transient storms. tried to reconcile them and their sovereign; failing agreed upon, and the treaty would be carried out in aronttn*; ©*kizn giai*> of tm a lar»»Toito**""*of a ^ .toP»r ty.' „,rU»***«,y. or BX-rocc«^'•no inteution wholly to diafranchise any existing con- stituency. H e proposed to take one of the two mem- bers from each of 26 small boroughs which possessed populations of 7,000 and under, l a the disp<»sttion of Lheso25seats,feeproposedtodivide13amongtheaid chastity." The boxer knows that ho is nothing without training, and accordingly ho trains diligently. But, as The Oracle of the Ring puts it, " the mass of mankind, who indulge in excesses of every kind—in toomucheating,drinking,Bleep,sloth,smokmg,&c.— would go through the taek or life, would discharge thtirrespectivedutiesmuch better, farquicker,and with vastly greater ease to themselves did they submitpublic prints some while since, will have reached ports of such as have fallen under my observation,you belore this letter. Enough to say,then, that a generous tendency on the part of the Court init sets forth ut length, aud very plainly, but in the favor oi the pious cause of the plaintiffs. TheSteamship Montiocllo, Gager, Washingtonan"d Norfolk, mdse. 1callyourattention,beforeallthings,tothe means and pass,toH.B.Croimvoll&.Co-**»-www.fultonhistory.com*^men are to be concentrated in the quadrilateral and evidently lostno time duriDg his snort Btay at Brighton Venice; thepasses ofSouthern Tyrolarebeing infollowingouradvice. Thedayafterhisbenetithe once more repaired to headquarters, and is now bard a tfortified and the Papal troops preparing to take the it on the breezy downs.fieldatthesametime. Thethreeregimentsofthe DuringtheweekwereceivedaletterfromHeenan, Duke of Modena, lately Btationed on the Po, have mquiring what was the size of spike allowed for theman 8pi>cie8j Parisian Badauds, with an iutermix iuieofcariousBtrangersfromacrossthechanneland across the ocean, watching the arrival of Senators andlegislative boJieswhoaretohave their*annu&lrtbe above duncnkion«,'even to Win? them away altogether."THE G K E A T FIGHT.Frvm The Saturday Review.willdeliverthe entire texttousoutsidersinafew hours, I will only cite Didsbury's, " I t will take the ' world by surprise," Bays Didsbury, "in any case,DiplomaticagentsabroadcallsattentiontoniAustrian circular whicu orders the forced enlistment, for peni- tentiary discipline, of all Venetians whose antecedents appear hostile to Austria. This expression allows t h e wbolemalepopulationtobesoclassed.CountCavour drawstheattentionoftheAustrianForeginMinisterto this matter. T h e Opinione asserts that Count Cav- our has given his reply on the subject of the settle- ment of tbe affairs of Central Italy, by bringing for- ward tie motives which prevent the Sardinian'Gov- ernment from accepting t b e counsels given, and r e - questing France to agree to the annexation, should the inhabitants affirm it by their wishes..**>•;**«•*> «was far ae he knew^.no treaty was in existence between that man had been a temperate, sober, nay? a chaste Holy Se^is a'stidctly ^ni^c^fquQmm,iJf^ how- ai an absorption of all the Italian States, andthe plenitude of her independence, those aouod»e*« r e -^z^zasszzz^s^^^FROM EUROPE.y 3ys^»^^7;u'^Tr.TTV-"-^i,7^ -^^NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1860.^ r r . „ . — . „,*,.•^•t, » ^antiquated,infact,thatitwasstillborn;thatistoItalians to nmnage their own affairs.tirely, and to take at his breakfast water-gruel. " Atanyhourofthedayornightletnomanwaoseekshealth deny himself all-potent water-gruel." Perhapswe cannot better coovev a notion of the strictness ofthe precepts set forth in Fistiana, than by Baying thatwater-gruel is the only luxury With regard to whichthe author omits to insist upon nie golden rule of " mo-straight line of policy, which he was always steadilyaay, the national, administration of Venetia on one The subject oi the late Arctic expedition of Capt. McCliniock -was brought'up, and - several speeches side, and the restoration of the Austrian princes on were made eulogistic of those engaged in it. Lordthe other, i l e alio ws farther, King Vi 5tor Emanuel 3*almerston expressed a hope th*t a fitting monument at once to annex Modena and Parma, and to would be erected to the memory of Sir Johu Franslin.following,withouthasteorrest,towardadefinite,predetermined goal; only it was so uncommon deep, portion of the religious world. H e could not, injus-assume the government of the Komagna, respecting in principle the rights of the Pope; that is, acknowThe House, in Committee on the: Budget, agreed to the resolution redacing the duty on foreign apints. The Reform bill is not very satisfactory to the Liberal jour-in this efort, he has endeavored at least to save ciple of the Pope's temporal power. You see, hetomaintainthe4*autonomy"oftheScate,thoughe leaves to the King of Sardinia full liberty of actoon, but declares that he will not follow his policy ifmeans what he says,'discuss already the possible orde.', or to recover as much as possible of in, WAS adopted. The Directors had subscribed for one tenthdeal of the popularity which they enjoyed during thecandidacy for the throne of Tuscany, whether it of the required amount. The Cbairuuui, the Hon. J.last great war. Even Mr. Williams, who is so shockedat military and naval flogging, has counted the fists ofLambeth among the means ot defense available againsta French invasion. Certainly, if there were in Lam-beth 10,000 volunteers capable of administering to an-•:1IA-is to be the Duke of Genoa, nephew to VictorS. Wortley^ explained the present position of affairs Emanuel, a boy six years old, or Prince Lue.ien both as to this Company and Ocean telegraphy in Bonaparte, Duke of Canino, the grandson to Lu- general. The investigations and experiments insti- cien, brother of Napoleon I . This discussion is tuted by Governmtnt aad been very encouraging, and entirelyidle,sinceitiswellknownthatRicasoli wouldsoonbelaidbeforeParliament.Capt.fyell'soperations l»st October in raising the cable at Bull's wields the destinies of Tttscany with a linn hand; Arm Bay, Newfoundland, had clearly demonstrated that under his guidance the Tuscans will once that the site lor landing the Cable had been unfortu- more declare their unanimous vote for the nately choeen, and any ne^ Cable la to be landed at annexation to Sardinia, and that Cavour and New-Perlican. AlmostatthemomentwhentheCable between Kurrachee and Aden was sucsessfully laid, Victor Emanuel will make use of th e lib-^ completing telegraphic communication between Alex- erty given to them by the Emperor, and accept andria and India, a disaster occurred upon another por- theannexationattherisk ofa warwith Austria tionoftheRedSeaTelegraphicCompany'slines,viz.,enemy the terrible upper cut of the champion, w erelations with all the Powers of Europe. The only the 28th. Count Cavour is said to have returned a a points of the globe where our arms are Btill engaged acceptance, with the proviso that the various popu-andthePope. Inthe face ofsuch anemergencySardinia is calling outherreserves, casting cannon,and buying horses, ready to meet th e Austrians onbetweenSuakinandAden. TheElectric communica- tion between these two points—a distance of 600 miles—suddenly ceased. Should the injury not prove susceptible of immediate repair, steamers are to be em-the battle-field. T h e object of all these machina- ployed on the imperfect link.tions is to induce Austria to break the peace; The steamer JSimrod, bound from Liverpool for ,Italy will then have to bear the brunt of the Cork, was driven upon the rocks on the Welsh coast,PrLiceLucienBonaparte,itwashinted,waslikely] to be a prominent candidate for the sovereignty of) Tuecanv.war; butshouldshebeunsuccessful,shewillnotbe left in the lurch by Napoleon. The elections forthe Sardinian Parliament will take place on the25th instant, and the Chambers will meet.onthe 2d of ApriL The Venetian provinces andTuscany will, on the same day, declaretheir wish vto be annexed, and about theHth claim their Admission to Parliament at Turin.rare degree."offrankexplanationsbetweenmyGovernmentandthat of Austria, it suggested to England, to Prussia, to Russia, meascree the whole of which clearly prove on the part of the great Powers their desire to obtain a reconciliation of all the interests.By the 15th the annexation will be accomplished,and Austria may again begin the war, jnst as she training. H is profits on the occasion, w e are glad toPARIS, March1,1860. The Place cu Caroueel and the approaches on the Quai and the Rue de Rivoli to the Dew LouvreareM. Thouvenel proposen the complete annexation of Parma and Modena to Sarduva; the VicanU govern- ment of Romagna by Sardinia, m the nime of the Holy See, and the reestablishment of Tuscany in her political and territorial autonomy. France would not only support this combination m &Conference or Congress, butwouldalsoproclaimthatnoforeignInterventionhear, were close upon JCIOO, a very comfortable addi- did last year, toward the end of April. She makes tion to his pocket money during hie training. HeBefonn bill, can endanger it, the great majority of the eountry having a marked preference lor lx»rd Palmerston,LordJohnRussell,andGladstone Against any possible combination. It is a sate, conservative-liberal administration, suiting the commercial interest and not alarming the landed aristocracy and gentry, who are well aware that the slippery policy of Disraeli and Lord Malmes-bury, with" their" Austrian tendencies, might dis- please Napoleon and lead to increased armaments. Whitworth's guns, however, with their fabulous ranges, and the Rifle Clubs movement, have reas- sured the nation to a great extent, and will pre- v e n t t h e c h r o n i c r e c u r r e n c e o f i n v a s i o n p a n i c s .United States, and to treat the issue of tins fight as aThe late successes in Morrocco have again raisedthe military enthusiasm of the Spaniards, and a ter-mination of iite hostilities by a moderate price isfurtherremotethanever.InTurkeywemaysoonsee an outbreak. Mihal, the sou of Prince Milosh in gust. In a country where it is Known that honor/a£10occupancy,andboroughvotestoa £Goccu paaaey—aconceeeion which would give a large but not an extravagant increase to the number of voters.thecourse'of training whicnthesechampionsmast undergo at' their country quarters duriug the weeks which precede the light'/ Tne first principle to be ob-. 'HietextofThouvenel'slettertotheFrenchEm-bassador at Vienna, dispatched January 31, was descendants m the good name of their deceased published in the Paris papers of Monday last. A relatives. Cases in this kind are not uncommonThe treaty has done nothing more, then, than to anti-cipate the period of salutary modifications, and to givetoindispensablereformsthecharacterofreciprocalTOnthe2d,mtheHouseofCommons,Lord John seventyyearsofage,towalkfromLondontoCante-JfromtheImperialpen,isagaindistinctlyproclaimedSardinia that he could notsecond him in a policy clamors bf parties, or by uojsstsuspJrj'OKi'. France1 M m 1 : wjiicb appeared, in the eyes of all Europe, to aim menaces no one; she desi^s to develop in peace, in Russell explained the Savoy question. He said that buryr"Depend;upo^ h*•e—re-by-^"^"M. *Thp-uy-e-n~el--t*t»h--a*t•t"i•ie-i-r• p-osse~s~si—on tb-«y+t—ueFranceandSardinia providing for annexation. The man.' He bids hisreaders look for their exam-- ever, inspiteofthedeafearRomehas obstinately threatened new commotions (conflagrations), he sourceswhichHeavenha*givenher,#ndshev#!lnot TlseXojai Mail steamship Asia, which left Liver- Emperor states that he will not proceed to the annexa- pies to the savages of North America, "whose turned to his Majesty's advice, to-the unanimous counseled that monarch to favorably receive the awakengJoomy susceptibilities, eiuce ont of toe etato ticn without consufthig the great Powers, and he (Str li^es from childhood to oldage were a long hard course counsels; of Europe, and to the lesson of events, wishes of the provinces that offered themselves to oi civilization in whuiu".we are, that frn'.b s^ririgtfd' If«rfUUUVAl* OPTHE-SITSA1£SHIP ASIA.pool at 4 o'cock on the afternoon of March 3, anived Jxhn) behoved that ii the Powers were unanimously fctth» portotx Pttdiy. H er datoa from London are opposed to the movement, Prance would not proceedof rigid training." Thoee savages, he saysywere ever watc'ifnl, ever exercising themselves. They com- mandedtheirpassions. Theybecametoughastheash oftheirmountains. Theyconsumedwh*tnaturere- quired,and.nomore. Andthisisthemodelwhichthe boxer must set before himself in training, and whichany possible arrangement less radical than dismem- beimenvcan.bedevised,it.wouldmeetwithhis Majesty'sapproval. .him, but to maintain the autonomy of Tuscany, and by day;*»ith greateriforcewfajchconsoles and reas*aires to respect the principle of the rights of the Holy Sec. miroanity-T-that the more a State isrich aod pr nt,i>er6vn,themoreshecontributestotheriches'andprosperity ofothers.';.;*I'/•7'0 "r "! ••-r'•••-••v--#•••.v >•^•<••>x>oteolate,"bytwodays,asthoeebronghtbytheCir- caseian,andprintedinourmorningedition ofFriday. Hwr mail* bring ns papcru np to the evening of the 3d.toattemptit. *•_*'.SirRobertPeeldeclaredthatthestatementofLord JohnRnseellwashighlyunsatisfactory,and hehoped Parliament would have an early opportunity of dis- cmsingthesubject.If thisarrangementdoesnotsatisfyeverybody,the speakercontinues,ithas theadvantageofreserv- ing principles, calming apprehensions, and it makesMr. Bright hoped the Government would neither THESTATEOFEUROPE countenancenoroppoeethetransfer,itbeingamatterbanishment or Slavery.Tne Annual General Meeting of the Atlantic Tele-ring is ever to regain its ancieot reputation, the first step will be to make sure that all the proceedings in it are above suspicion of partiality in umpires, or ofthink, in various circumstances. In the firat place,the international character which has been ascribed tothe approaching contest gives to it an importance whichan oroinary match between two Englishmen, arrangedperhaps for tbe benefit of'a few sporting publicans,could not claim. W e are by no means Bure that thismatch has not attained its world-wide fame contrarylo the intention of the parties principally concerned.ItisofcourbethebusinessofTomSayers,as Cham-pion of England, to answer ail worthy challenges;STATE O F T H E CONTINENT Austro-Russian treaty of The London Morning titled Sauvons le Tape, which was being distributed to such passionate alarms. The past, wnich ought to LONDON, March 3, p. m.—The Paris correspondentshould publish thereport of this treaty, just at the matter of national importance. But it seems to IH that time when it was desirable to invpress particularly thereisanotherandadeeperreasonwhyprize-fighting ontheBritish public andParliament theimpor-meanness, greediness, sycophancy, ignorance and worldly vanity of that poor creature, he supported byirrefutableproofs. Buthispredecessorsgen-them over anew for aa indefinite tune to the chances of a foreign occupation ? M y first efforts have been tois likely to regain some of the consideration which itenjojed fifty years ago. The truth istint the miuduofmenarebeingearnedmoreandmoreeverydaytowardthe subjects which chiefly interested them when theRing was supported by the wealthy aud the noble,just as openly and as generally as the race course nowis. Amid the din ot prolonged war, prize-fightingreached its highest, as in the slumber of profoundpeaceit sunk to its lowest point. • There is audi in the alone of all European journals should have got modern proceedings of the King which nobody can de- wind of the treaty. And yet, though the report fend, and much more which m*ny will dislike; but as should be an invention of political or stock-jobbing soon as it isgenerally felt that fighting in sober earnestm a y p o f s i b l y b e c o m e e v e r y m a n ' s h i g h e s t d u t y , a a yimitation of actual battle which calls forth courage,Daviton, Antwerp,W.F.Schmidt;Siiuoda,Smith,Sydney,W. J. torben.skill, and perseverance, is certain to acquire populari-Barkf,—Clara WiDdnor, McEWon, Port-au-Prince, H . Becker fcty in spiie of adjuncts which are coarse and brutal, audsuch as sensitive natures shrink from with intense dis- mon; they are both divine-right despotisms, toand property are only safe as long as its citizens ern Europe is a common enemy. A great deal has Servia, insists upon being recognized heir to the are rendy to right in their 'defense, the nature which been said of the persistent force of the grudge thatthroneoftheSultan. Shouldtherequestbere- love?fightingloritsownsakewilla1wayscommandf u s e d , t h e n w e m a y e x p e c t a d e c l a r a t i o n o f S e r - R u s s i a b e a r s A u s t r i a , o n a c c o u n t o f A u s t r i a ' srespect. A manlike Tom Sayers, who left his business ungrateful return in 1854 for Russian favorsfor the suppression of those impassable barriers which, Gomez, Walli* & Co.; Isaac Carver, Carver, MatanzM,JWaWi, Thereupon Bishop D., in a quite courteous manner, Carver 4i Chase, /but a rolling up of his sleeves, and taking off his under the name of prohibitions, have shut out from our Schooner*—Mary Jt Elizabeth, Roed, Wilmington, V<to Bruntvian independence and an outbreak in Bosnia, sup- as a bricklayer lrom mere devotion to boxing, pos-dispensed in 1319. Now,inthe firstplace,Russia put down Hungarian, rebellion then, as sheprobablywouldagain,notmoreinAustria'sinter-est than her own. Suppressing Hungarian insur-c o n s t r a i n e d o t h e r n a t i o n s t o a d o p t a n a o n o y i n g r e c i p - rocity with regard to us.ButsomethingstillmoredifiicuP,stillimpededU6. It was the little inclination for a commercial treatyP e r r o n , G i b b s , B a l t i m o r e , M a i l l e r , L o r d At Q u e r e a i a ; J . I r e l a n d , Steelman, Jacksonville, V an Brunt it Slaght; &*c«r, Pearce, Richmond, matter; M. C. Rowe, Thawton, Gl<vtfce«ter, matter^ LadySuflolk,Baker,Philadelphia,JameaBuuid;Hydran&er, Butler, Baltimore. J. W . MeK.ee; vVide WorUd. JBurn*.Charles-portedbyPrinceMiloshandDaniloofMontenegro.GEEAT BRITAIN.In the House of Common* on the 1st mat. Lord JohnItoseell introduced his Parliamentary Reform bill. Inhas mtrcdncway remark*, bislord&bip congratulatedsesses,wemaysay,acharacterwhich,inproportion as it prevails among Englishmen, will make this coun- try leartd abroad and sale at home. We hope and be- lieve that there are many thousands like him in strength and spirit, but sticking to their businees, what- ever it be, steadily, and yet ready for a tight with any oue who may think fit to challe.ge them, aud looking upon the use of arms, not as a disagreeaole duty, bathasnoquarrelwithhim,thecomplainant,butmust withEngland. Ihave,therefore,taken'resolutely ton,1).C.Murray;S.J.Bught,Sraitb,Washington.F.J.Camp-»ueeountry on the success of the Keorm bill of 1832, *,» a pleasant interlude in the daily routine of life. likely to permanently sway the policy of the Cabi-ultaneoup. they would have taken place on one eide Steamship Asia (Br.), Lott, Liverpool March 3, mdm. an_dand on the other without immedia e compensation. pass to E . Cnnard. March 4, at 9 a. m ., passed steamships Etnaand expressed his opinion that toe time had fully ar- It may tur^rite some persons, but it is, nevertheless, rived when the more intelligent of the working cusses true, that Tom Sayers and the Benecia Boy furnishought to be admitted to the privileges of the franchise. a*, the present moment an example which deserves He proposed to extend county votes to parties having to be generally imitated. For what, let us ask, isnets of St. Petersburg aud Vienna out of their trudi- tional course, and in a direction against their in- terests.and Canada, bound in; same day, 10 a. m,, off Tu«k», exohoored siKuals with Am. bark Shelly, ship Lucy Thom|Kon, and B r shipQueenofJndia,allboundin. Arr.offtheBatteryat8:10 a.m.coiiCessione, destined to strengthen the alliance of twogreat peoples. In order that this treaiy may produce L. Mitchill«. Son. March 14 12:3u m., 3 i miles N. E . FrylaK Pan itB beet bllects I invoke your most energetic coopera- bhoals, pnsscd steam«hiv Cahawba; 5 p m , exchanc^d abrnal*Withreepecitothe redistributionofseat),therewas servedis"tokeeptnebodyintemperance,soberneBs,- summary oiits contents,having appeared inthe befoiehertribunals, andIhave noticedinthere-tion for the adoption of the laws^ which will fkcilitate its practical adoption.withsteamshipStateofGeorgia;12:30m., lat.3653,passedthesteamchipe S'ar of the South, and James Adger steanifhiucft>^arof the South, and James Aditer. •most populous counties^ 2 to a aew metropoliUu bor-ottgib,JtotheLondonLniversity,1eachtoManches-ter, Liverpool, Leeds and Binniagham, and 1 each totbeproposednewboroughsofBu-kennead,Scalybridge totraining." Webelievethisistrueofeveryoneof and Burnley. Pour disfranchised English seats are to life's dutiee; but it is in an eminent degree true of apediments that have successively presented them-selvesushetriedhisutmosttopursuethecourseof weredishonorablemen—"genssans honncur"—nn yourpatriotismforthepromptexaminationolthelawsgoto Scotland and Ireland, as follows: 1 to Glasgow,then, in order to get on at all with this Italian busi-cowardice, can be addressed in French to French- men.Brig GtBrig Georgia, Sherman, Apulachicola 20 days, oott>n, 4.C., t oi to the Scotch Universities, 1 to Dablm, and 1 to the form—we mean the duty of Volunteer Kinsmen, A CountyofCork. Kreatpartoftnedoubtwhichveteranofficersentertain\v alsh, carver AtCha*e. Ha*been 10days N.ofHatteraa, with heavypalesfromN.W.toN. March12\:»milesS.S.B.of Benoy Hcok, took a pilot from bo*t E . Blunt (No, a).duty which many men have lately undertaken to per-materials from all duties and reducing those whichweitth on.articleBof common consumption the resourcesoftheTreasurywillfindthemselvesseverallydimin-ished ; • neverthelesp, t v e reoeiptB and disbursements ofthe year l8bl will be balanced without any need of auappeal to credits o r - a recourse to new tuxes. Insketching out to you a faUhful picture of our political Springand commercial position, I have wished to inspire you Schr. Ringtold. Merritt, with materials from bri* Moraucy, withfullconfidenceinourfutureprosperity,andto wreckednearJonesInlet.ness,heisforced tochangehistrack; whathe Leavewasgiventobringinthebill,andthesecond astotheutility oiVolunteers would bedissipaujdif proposes, therefore, under the circumstances, ..-'*tbe precepts laid down for general training m tfutomia Leave was also given to bring in Reform bills for were dil.gently acted upon duriug the n^xt three'* *to Austria,-"for whose Sovereign and Govern- •m&speccli'•'« published. The most interesting "ntenthe cherishes a particular esteem" (de,giis- points a r e a s follows: The speaker is in friendlyL Meant* (Of Surry) Treworgy, Nttevltaa Feb. 24, sugar, Jsc, t o \ zuttsa, d«l V«ui«« A: Co.i readmg was fixed for the l3th March.Scbr Charles E llulse, HuUe, Elizabethport, coat for ColdIreland and Scotland, the franchise proposed in both ,casesbemgthesameasthatproposedforJEmjutud. Thepresentarrangementofseatsisnottobediuturbedmonths. We/nould then see bodies of active, patient tibus non), is not to pretend to like (that wouldbealittletoomuch), buttoputupwithrelations with all the powers of Europe; he hopesi ,r,J18ontll°eVi5of constitutingherselfvolunteer soldiers, ready to bear at least as mum fa- tigueasanyregimentoftheline,audtobe«;itwith more cheerfulness. "It is not demanded of professionalSchr. Mary Ann (Br.), Bent,.HVifuX 17 d*y«, ti*h, Ate, toWheelwright & Co. ' ,Schr. lima (Br), O'Brien, HaUfax 9 d«ys, fish, &tc, to order. Schr.1>.B.Bayle«,Julm*s,Bro<»xhav«sn2d*y«,iuoallaat. Schr. Dorcas behind, B»s«r, Eliiabethport, ©?aifor S»v«aaah. Schr. Undine, RedJey, Elizabetbport, eoal for Fall R\r«r. Steamer Osprcy. Renaej. frovidimoe, mdse. to Isaac Udou. BELOW—Br. ship Golden Ltyla H«f'&H.John, N . B.),,froniJ.beEnglishjonraategenerallyregard thespssca with disfavor. TheLondoiu Times says it is not what should also bestudiedbyeveryEnglishmanwhode- laidbeforeParliamentafew weeks ago,withthe of Sardiniaakingdomofmorethanninemillionin it hoped,butratherwhat-it expecfcsd*. Thejoostim- sires to serve hie country with the full capacity wbieh published Imperial proclamations, pamphlets, habitants. T o meet this changed state of Northern portant and objectionable p<irt is the de^arvion that Heavenhasgivenhi:n. Theboxer'smodeoflife autographletters.Monitorialsensationarticles,and Italy,heclaimsiheannexationtoFranceofthe SavoyistobeannexedtoFrance. TlieLohion Post,LONXK>N, Friday, March 2, 1860. in which he deprecated tne discua<»ion of the Bubjeot, ; don Daily Nrwx protests ftiouWf any intefVrence what- Kapoleon opened yesterday the RO-called Freoch the mailer dropped. l ' time he is also to go to bed with it. His food is to be jonn the most entertaining and instructive guide- terested policy, he says, w ll not be pressed by trick ever with the free will of the Italian people. ; 7%*iLegisiatnre, and JU>rd John Buaaell brought in the L-rd Palmeieton, in reply to an inqu;ry, slid he had beef anu mutton, plainly cooked, country-made bread, book, as it were, or notes by the wap, of Louis Na- or force, but will be.presented franldy for approval London Morning Chronicle thinks tne Emneror'e Reform b3L The Emperor's speech is the more received a mernorkJ from Irish Catholics, reqne«tin,r and a very moderate allowance of geumne home- poleon s pursuit ofan Italian solution under difficul- to the Great Powers'. Considering alike has done policy intelligible and fair, and praises the'wholeThe original programme of Italy free from the Alps to the Adriatic; the Milan programme; the February. The report of the Directors, which has al- dishonesty in combatants. If that condition could be Villafranca programme, which he appears to havegraph Company w as held in London on the 29th ofmendation to raise £20,000 wi'.h the vie w of making limb, nor the repulsive features of a prize fight, would gramme; t h e variorum Roman programme—noae always denounce Napoleon and still believe that he another effort to bring the injured cable mto working prevent these exhibitions from now recovering a good of them has be got performed. H e keeps posses-offSt.David'sHead,andquicklywenttopieces.All On board, numbering 40 or 50 persons, were dro wned. The disaeter happened but a short distance f*on th* shore^but it was impossible for any aesistance to reach the wreck.mTOM SATERS AND THE BENICIA BOY.From Bell'* Life in London.On Monday last, pursuant to his announcement, Tom Sayers took his farewell benent prior to going intooftheUnitedPrincipalitieswiththeSublimePorte,to be nded, say by Tuscany or Piedmont, underthe nominal suzerainty of the Pope. The " newsolution,"asyousee,ianonovelty. Itwas,initsessentials, very much talked of in Italy, as amongthe possibilities a month or two ago. Anob-servation of the course pursued by Ricasoli,t h e provisional Chief of Tuscany, for monthspast, offers many plausible reasons for sup-posing that it would be more acceptable tohim and those of the Tuscans who sympathizewith him, than annexation. I t may b e highly im-politic in view of the actual condition of the com-mon anti-Austrian cause, but it is perfectly naturalthattheTuscans,Italians byexcellence,possessingwithal certain decided administrative advantagesover the Piedmontese, should revolt at the idea of which should offer themselves to him, but to maintain assume the responsibility of any other policy.likewise preparations on a large scale. 200,000 looked the very picture of health and spirits, and had. beset by that most patient variety of. the hu-marched back to Trieste, to be conveyed to Ancona, fighting boots, and this subject having thus been session opened for them to-day—as theyhave prettybeingannexedtothelatter,whomtheyhardlycon- sider as Italians at all. It would be a little like annexing New-England to Nova Scotia.Thus far the reporters are in the main united. They now divaricate, one party declaring that France leaves out of this new plan of arrangement all question of Savoy and Nice, the other asserting that she formally maintains h e r well-known inten- tionsinrespectofthecessionofthosetwoprovinces.Hereathomewearequietenough. TheUltra- montane Legitimist agitators have aggravated their voices to a very low note since Minister Rouland'stheindependenceof.Tuscany,andtorespectinprinci TheannexationofSavoyandNicetoFransebecomes pie the rights of the Hoiy See. If this arrangement a necessity, and wculd alflo protect Switzerland.brought to our notice, w e take this opportunity of re- .and Archduke Maximilian of Este, uncle to the minding both men that there is a rule of the Ring dis-much everything else done for them—by their prov-ident master, the Emperor. TJWC&* p^eoccupationVof the moment, as you may well suppose, is thespeech b e will make t o the world over their should-does not satisfy everybody, it has the advantage of reserving principles, of calming apprehensions, and makes Piedmont a Kingdom of more than 9,000,000 BOUIB.France, however, does not wish to force the will bf the inhabitants, and would x>nsutt the great Powers. France desires universal suffrage in Italy, bu*, this En- gland abstains from advising, and the existing Govern- ments of Central Italy thuik it useless to appeal again to a vote of the inhabitants. M. Thouvenel makes theex-Duke (not to be confounded with the Arch- duke Maximilian, th e exiled brother of th e Aus- trian Emperor) furnished the Pope with two "bat- teries of artillery and 20,000 overcoats for his newlyaugmented army. TheKing ofNaples, though threatened by an outbreak in Italy, is like- wise concentrating his troops on the Koinan fron- tier, and then we may, by the middle of May, see ail Italy in a blaze from the Alps to the Varo, andfromtheAdriatictotheMediterranean. I neednotsaywhataneffectsuchawarwouldhave on Hungary, on Bohemia, perhaps eveu on Vienna her&eif.tinctly providing for ihis question. I t is as follows:••6.Thatinfuture not>pike«beused in fightingbootsexcept tho»e authorized b ; U e Pugilistic Benevolent Association, •which »ball not excr^d three-eighth* of an' inch from the »ole of the boot, and »W! not be Jess than one-eighth of an inch broad at the point; and it shall be in the power of the referee to alter,Looking to this transformation of Northern Italy,which gives fo a powerful State all the passes of theAlps, it wae my duty, for the security of our frontiers, above proposals to Sardinia, and forwards a copy of to claim the French slope of the -mountains. This re-a8Bertionofaclaimtoaterritoryofsmallextenthasnothinginitofanaturetoalarm Europe,andgive adenial to the policy of disinterestedness which I haveproclaimed more than once, for France does not wishto proceed to this aggrandizement, however small itAll these European difficulties flutter through t h eminds of the English public, and we can therefore Suites this battle is regarded with an unusually deeAwaiting the great coming event of the day, awake nights'by meditation on this complex ab- straction. T h e Archbishop of Bordeaux sent ascarcely expect that it shnuld feel peculiarly inter- ested in Lord John Russell's Eeform plan. I t is, on the whole, a v©ry tame affair, a moderate ex- tension of -the franchise, extending it from 450,000 electors in England and Wales to 600,000, with an equal increase in Scotland a n d Ireland, redistribu- ting at the same time twenty-five parliamentary seats in England, reducing small constituencies of under 7,000 inhabitants, and now sending two mem- berstoParliament,toonemembereach. Ireland gets her representation-also extended, but only by four members. These are the chief features of theand extensive interest. The explanation of this changers there. £)f the abundant guesses, and conject- orfileinanywayh*ple&mes,spikeswhichshallnotaccordwith ures,andpropheciesastoitspurport,sincethepressthe dispatch to Lord John RuseelLTPRIX. March 2 —A circular of Count Cavourto theThebatcfeof"diplomatic correspondence bearing upon the Italian question, that Lord Johu Russellought to be so simple and natural that it is to be feared French slopes of tfce Alps. This claim, which does Th* J^ondon Herald, and other journals also t*ke possible. He is torice with the sun, and in Summer patches of the past year, do, taken together, now not contradicthis frequent proclamations ofa disin-in which they bad no control, nor any real interest.K^ou OUTOW» Coirw^o^oat. After some further xemurKs by Lord John Russell,- that in London only a distant imitatidn of it would be Freich Ministerial circular?, and diplomatic dis- strong exceptions to the Savoy.project; aud The Lon-bis interference in maintaining the integrity of the brewed beer. If possible, let hin avoid tea and coffee ties. The notion is prevalent with some folks, that for religion, that he alone has for eleven years sus- of the speech. <: ^importantofthetwoevents. HesaidopenlyPapaldominions.Hehadrephedthathewouldreferaltogether;butiftbehabitoftakingtbemcannotbeunoerallhisapparentdivergations.meanderings,tainedtheHolyFather'spoweratRome,itneededenongh, M*| an important portion of the Convention the memorial to the (rovernment, but such interference of Vdiairauca and of the treaty of Zttxicb. is already was contrary to then policy, which was to leave thewholly laid aside, he must be eonteat to drink themco/d. But be will do fur better to give them up en- retrogressions, dead-locks lay a mathematically-all his profound confidence in the good sense of the nation to preserve his calmness in face of the recent agitation,andattemptsatcreatingdisturbance,inaTHE AUSTRO-RUSSIAN ALLIANCE. , Tlie London Morning Chronicle, adheres to its state- mentthattbe Austro-Rassiantreatyofalliancewasprepared for aignatuie on the terms 'published m ftf"' columns, but, owing to the detorrnined attitude which hadbeentakenagaiattit,somemodiOcationshidbeenAnextraordinarily long-headed, strong-headed, very batsnts in the interval before the figbt. Of the active rather human than otherwise (for w e must neverandfallsmiserably»hortofthedemands. 7%:Daily sparringwith"hispreceptor,pummelingawayathisgregationwhenpreaching beforeLouisXIV., itispermittedtohopeatleastforanearlysolu- alsoannouncesthatthePrinceofHessehadquittedBtoffed sacks, and wielding clubs and oumb-beils—it is 44 That men, leastways most men, are mortal"), it enough to say, that when the day of battle c >mes, itis often felt as a relief from the more severe punish- becomes evident past discussion to the attentive ment of the preparation. Many a pngiliht has exulted reader'of the itinerary just mentioned, that in hisin bia escape from his trainer's handB into his adver-army from Lombardy, an eventuality very mttch The Times treats the matter as one of very little in- sary's, juet as, in armies where a sevce discipline pre- he has got into blind alley8 and gone down lanes,tion1. Able, clever, clear—the speech, not the "solu- tion." It is not a solution, ic is a mixture. TheVienna for St.Petersburg, with the draft ofthe moda-- fied treaty for signature.he choose to annex Tmcwy. By this he probably measxre of reform, and safe to pass.In opposition to this, Tlui Daily News asserts that search of the Solution during these past months, rest of the speech is taken up with the different the story of a reconciliation between the two •Govern-The Morning Herald ridicules the bill, and asserts means that in Ruch a case he would withdraw his that Mr. Disraeli's was the moireliberal of the two.parts of the great, new system of politico-economical reform. It closes with the usual assertion of the pacific disposition of France.•SPEECH O F T H E EMPEROR.Tbe seeeion of the French Legislature was opened on the 1st of March with a speech from the Emperor Na-poleon, of which the following is a copy:Messieurs les S6nateurs, Messieurs les D6pv.Ua: On'the opening of last session, relying upon the patri- otiem of France, I endeavored to fortily your mindsin advance against the exaggerated apprehensions of a probable war. To-day 1 have at heart to reassure you against the anxiety caused by peace itself. That peace I desire sincerely, and shall neglect nothing to main- tain i t . _I have only to congratulate myself on my friendlyments is a pure fiction. < LATKST.—The Journal de St. Petersburg of the ljtMarch gives an official denial to the alleged alliance. Lord John Russell also stated in the H ruse of Com- mons that he had received a communication from theBritish Mimister, denying the truth of tbe report. Notwithstanding the-e denials, Tlie Chronicle persisteiu the truth of ite original statements. : ITALY.»Tbe note by which the French Government requests Sardinia to give up the project of tbe aonexation of Tuscany is dated the 25th of February, and was dis- patched to Turin the same day, but in the absenceof Count Cavour the note could not b e delivered beforeNews says tbe measure might ha»e been bolder and wider in its scope, but it is nevertheless a substantialdesired by all the friends of Italy. Lastly, Napoleon terest, and says that with some slight improvement the vails, the actual duties of a campaign come to be which after crooking and turning about led himdeclares that he claims " the French slopes of the Alps,"whicAincludes Niceas wellasSavoy. He remindR the Pope of his past services, his an approving word for the Komagna, and winds up by saying that the commercial treaty with England has for u"ts object the improvement of the lot of- the greatest namber. With this Ben- thamite sentiment he closes his memorable speech. English correspondents a n d Italian alarmists, w h omeasure may pass.The English papers publish " An Appeal to Chris-deration, moderat'on, moderation." Such, then, aremore harmless form. The Chronicle now states that her in any complication that may arise in regard to thethelimitsofBenBualenjoymentprescribedtothecom- roK^/i-headedmanitis,pastdoubt. But,being (sauvegarder) intheinsurgentprovincestheprin- RussiaisnottoaidAustriaiv-Italy,butwillactwith.ledgiDgthesuzeraintyofthePopeandpayinghimi nals. IkeLondon Star (>lr.Bright'aorgan)saysit1'Jberal civil list. As to Tascany the Emperor wishe barely keeps faith wi h the expectation of the people, duties of a boxer in training—Of his walking, ninning, forget what the sacred cure" told the rest of the con- says, that if every thing is not yet terminated, how countries on the Danube, or to affairs in Hungary. I tlooked upon ae a sort of holiday. And we believe, from the csaracter of the men, that the 16th of April will be awaited by Sayers and Heenan in the same cheerful spirit. It is to be hoped that the American's demandback to his starting place, or ran out nowhither, and been brought u p a t dead halts, perplexed a n d bothered with a tangled imbroglio of cross-roads, where all the guide-boards were turned backwardready be*n published: was agreed to; aud the recom- fulfilled, we think that neither the danger to life and sincerely tried to get performed; the Congress pro-tiansthroughout the World," signed by some coloredexiles from Arkaosae, who protest io tbe strongestterms against the syBtem whicn dooms them either to for a fair field and no favor will be conceded. H the and marked XJOME.sion of the Italian stage though, with fifty thousand practiced stock actors ready, in case the next season should open with a military drama.The report of the new solution said to have been forwarded from Paris to Turin last week, in reply toare in the extreme East; but the courage of our 3ailors latiOEB in lt3ly are to be consulted by means of univer- largehostileforcebytheneeonlyofthecheapestand do,tohavesome,any,nomatterwhatkindor andofoursoldiers,aidedbytheheartyassistanceof salsuffrage,fa'rlyandtrulycarriedout.simplest of. all weapons. We venture to suggest that, order, to do something to get out of this intoler- Spain, will doubtlets Boon lead to a treaty of peace The French Qpmione Na/ionale eays it was antici- after the opinion he has expressed of the value of pu- able provisional suspense—the new' solution, I say with Cochin-China. As regards Cbina; a serious ex- pated that Cavour wou-d resign, as soon as the tele-S'listic skid, it would only be right of Mr. Williamsto to Piedmont; Tuscany very positively to be not an- will inflict on her the chastisement of her perfidy.Bplay the champion's color'sintheHouseof Com- InEuropedifficultiesapproach, asItrust, theirtsr-mons. W e are told that they are made Of t h e finest nexed, but its population to vote itself an independ- mination, and Italy is on the. eve of constituting her-silk, and that tbe design is most beautifully executed. ent sovereign (Duke or King)—France offering no self free. Without refen ing to the long negotiations lot, on the question of annexation to Sardinia, or a It is " the standard of England in the center, the objection, however, to their choosing for that office which have been dragging along for so many months, separate kingdom. All Tuscans, 21 yeire of age, aremight, safely reckon upon them to put hors de combat a a very earnest request from Turin to know what to" British lion.rampant in each corner upon a cream- the Duke of Genoa, nephew of Victor Emanuel,I shall confine mj sell to a few principal points.From Our Own Correspondent.By Telegraph to Liverpool.PAKIS, MarcU 3.—The MonUeur contain* a r.)e?»age from M. Thouvenel to the French Embassador at Turin.FRANCE.To second these, dispositions it w a s necessary forFrance to present that combination, the adoption ofwhich would have the greatest chance of being ac-cepted by Europe. Guaranteeing Italy by my armyagainst foreign intervention, I had the right to assignthe limits of that cuarnty. Therefore, I did not hesi-tate to declare to the King of Sardinia that, while leav-ing him full liberty of action, I coald not follow him ina policy which had the fault of appearing in the eyesofEurope a desire to absorb all the States o:'Italy, andwhichtbreatenednewconflagrations. I counseledhim to reply favorably to the wishes of the Provinces be allowed to attack it. France wouil, at no price,' We can venture to speak of the great event fixed forthelfohofAprilwithoutanydangerofnotbeingun- "foriftherebenotasurpriseinit,thenitwillbe totheiraddress.ThesetwohighlysignificantGov- be,eitherbymilitaryoccupation,orbyprovokedin-derstood. Itisbeginningtobeknown,eveniucir- "mostsurprising." ItwasDideburywhofelici-cles where Bpor*ing newspapers are iever Been, thatthe light between Tom Sayers and Heenan, called tne tously remarked, that the strikingly characteristicernmenthintsarelikelytopreventthenecessityof fiurrection,orbyunderhandmaneuvers,butbyfrankly explaining the question to the Great Powers. They kicks. The mass of the population have been at will doubtleBSunderstandin their equity, as FranceBenecia Boy, is to take place on the day named; and it is evident to every one who observes what is pass- ing in society, that both in Great Britain aud the (Jokeexpression of Napoleon's physiognomy was his wane of one.any time very indifferent about the Pope's spiritual land-claims; it isonly a few ofthe more innocent and zealous, even among the devots, who have been keptwould certainly understand it for them uuder similar circumstances, that the important territorial rearrange- ment which is about to take place, gives us a right to a guaranty indicated by nature herself.I cannot pass over 'n silence the emotion of a por- ofsentimenttoward prize-figbting is tobefound,we thereistime fora brief reviewofthe talkofthe notetonewspapersofthat towntheotherday,no- tionoftheCatholicworld; ithasgivenwaysuddenlyweek. Its aliments have been the Russian duck or tifying to the public that a certain pamphlet en- to such inconsiderate impressions, it has given itself up be a guaranty for the future, has been so much over-Chronicle ; the debates in British parliament; with hie pretended approbation, had never been looked, the services rendered so much forgotten, tnat IThouvenel's letter to Moustier, the French residentat Vienna, a n d the last solution of the Italian ques-tion.Thetreatyofintimate alliancebetweenAustriaand Russia for purposes of mutual and common de-presented to him; and that furthermore, hehad neededaverydeepconviction andconfidence—anab-of The Herald states that negotiations are now pend- ing, the object of which is to bring about a meeting a% OlmutzoftheEmperorsofRussiaandAustria,andthe Prince Regent of Prussia, •The Patrie says that the paragraph in the Emperor's speech alluding to the views of France with regard to thefrontiersoftheAlps,excitedenthusiasticapplause. One of the Tariri journals announces that a Frenchanother "coincidence." I t is odd that The ChronicleWhereupon a relative of one of these last, writes aletter to M. Dupanloup, the gist of which is: " I t hu with boldiegB a new era of peace in France.speculators, it would not be very strange if time should prove that it had some foundation in reality. Russia and Austria are natural allies. They have in past times committed fearful villainies in com-but for the Chinese war and the occupation of Rome a n d L o m b a r d y . M y G o v e r n m e n t w i l l i m m e d i a t e l y presenttoyouaseriesofmeasures,theobjectofw.hich is to facilite production, to increase, by affording theK(-utg*n 4: Reicbeb.S h i p u — R a c h e l , K « - l ! y , B o s t o n C r o c k e r Ac W o o d ; S u n d e r l a n d ,mostcourteous andconciliating tonetowardAus-tria, the successive and fruitless efforts that Na-poleonbusmadeto overcometheinseparableim-Editbr-m-ChicfoftheSteele newspaper,asImay have stated before, have UIBO begun a libel suit againsttheBishop forhisdeclaration,inthesame scandalous letter, that the writers for that journalW&&&ZX*-*i.P*^a GlbramrFeb.policy staked out at Villafranca; in spite of himself,. msult than which no grosser, except a charge ofwhich will be submitted to you. • By liberating raw Purkrgrm*rb (Nor.), redersen, Newcastle 58 dayt, md*e.to H .F. W Meyer.a very considerable modification of the Villa-( Fwrther progress was made with the Budget. A men that they should train rigidly like the boxer. franca programme for the sake of some sort secure thes practical execution of the dominant idea ih artat results., Jurther than as inmcated above.treelyv he regrets that his utmost endeavors toa6*oc'ateyouintheaccomplishmentofawork fruitfulattempt was made toamend the resolution reduciug the duties oa silk, unless provision be made in the PreocK treaty for ih* simuluneous admission into France of Xn^nsb manafaetored silksaid ribbons on equal terms, Jbbtupiecdznentwasrejectedbyclargemajority.Tneiroccupationswould notperuntit;.buotoimitate his mode OJ training us far as circumstaoces will allow.ofsettlement ofItaly, theimportance of whichol theVillafrancatreaty, which wasthe almostTheprotectionofProvidence, eomanifestlyonoui-aide.during the war, will not fail to a peaceful enter-prise, whose object, is the improvement of the lot of•• '• '•tmt, 8'*teiUntitled Documentwr-j*v>tis growing alarmiugjy'pressing. Nothing is said OfXhetrainingwhichishererecommendeddei*ndBoaly Venetia. AstotheLegations,thesound principle thepriceoftherestorationoftheArchdukes;fail-'»**'•*•J ,vi \ift,:.-d 1^.-t'••••••• ••••'<•••A;%-hHi!>'*<iz'bi *never opproved of a collecting of money that had been attempted in those parts under the name of Peter's pence. If the prelate of Bordeaux passes toanother world before hisepiscopal brotherof Orleans, he may count on looking back on smart epis-solute confidence in public common sense, to establish in the midst of the agitations endeavored t* be excited that calm which alone maintains us in a proper path.Facte,however,speakloudlyforthemselves. For the last eleven years 1 have sustained alone at Romet>mwe believe that his opponent rather declines the fense, clutching and grasping, exclusively reported tolary roasting in this from the latter gentleman. the power of the Holy Father, without having ceased camp is to be formed in the vicinity of Pavia, Thehonor, which b^s been thru.st upon Mui of repre»entiug to The Morning Chronicle previous to ratification, Uncommon hard upon dead folk is Monseigneur a single day to revere in him the sacred character of Electoral Committee of Florence has requested thebill, which will pass without much * nthusiasm o r the pngilism of America H e ie reported to have siid the chief of our religion. On another side, the popula- electors not to. require of candidates any other pledge opposition. Lord f almerston's Cabinet has no fear that he has come to England to fignt Tom Sayers, be- has excited considerable attention, although the Dupanloup. You know how in hie famous letter tion of the Romagna, abandoned all at once to them- than to Bupport the annexation.of being broken up by any cabal. Neither the com- chute he wishe* to fight him, ana for no other reaeon. nearly universal opinion is that it is a canard. to Grandguillot, he served up the remains of his selves, have experienced a natural excitement, andmercial treaty,nor the additional penny on the.income Nevertheless, the public appears to be determined to The Chronicle, you know, is as thoroughly a Napo- unlucky predecessor, Bishop Rmsseau. The worst sought during the war to make common cause with us.tax,northeannexationofSavoyandNice,northe lookupontheBeneciaBoyastheChampionofthe leonicjournalasTheParisConstiiutionuel. Thatit ofitwas,thatall-heassertedofthebaseness, OughtItoforgettheminmakingpeace,andtohandJnMteamnhipAlia,from Lirtr/>ool—Char)m GiTiUaor,W.A. Buffalo, Air. Dick»on, O. M Mm>r, R. J. Charnbury, B.J. Riley. Wr. Stok««, Robert K««r, Richard Burn, F . J . Fwn«,rra, S. lZreconcilethemtotheirSovereign,and,nothavingsuc- h.o»enh«ioj, Mr.Schneidur,P.M.B«ugj,iotti, D.C.Pierce,P. ceeded,Ihavetriedatleasttoupholdintherevolted Edward*,Mr.LaFame,C.G.PSIliphir,J.B.Hwginladyand *on; JUr». Ro»enbeini'n man m»rv*nt, R. Warrmn, MiTM Sarah firmation by an approval of the Anglo-French grossness of which M. Dupanloup will excuse,nay, proviiices the principle of the temporal power of the VJhUon, MM. Loui» Harbron, George RtdoUtte, Tbos. rlannau,tance of the Anglo-French alliance and of its con- erally seem to have been, speaking by metaphor, thePope. Capt.O.Batter,jr., HerbertBeech,F.Boutc&m. commercial treaty, looks like one of old does excuse, bad eggs; so he, having ink of the After what has been-already said, you see, if all isMr.' Weller's election coincidences. That blackest, and to spare, after having done with poor not yet over, how it is still permitted to hope for a MARINE JOURNAL. the Government papers here do not deny or argue Rous3eau, spatters some very ugly blotches on the Bpeedy solution. The moment seems, then, to havestrongly against the probable truth of thereport, is not otherwise immaculate reputations ofthe others. arrived to putan end to these anxieties, winch havetice to them, redeliver the Romagnoles to the risks ofanunlimitedforeign militaryoccupation;heis reported thus: Parma and Modena to. be annexed pedition, combined with the forces- ot Great Britain, graphic summary of Napoleon's speech reachedto vote."coloredground,withacrimsonborder. Thismust ThomasAlbertVictorbyname,agedsixyearsand ThedominantideaoftheTreatyofVillafrancawas The other Italian provincesareaisotovoteatthebe a very neat thing, and would look uncommonly twenty-three days at this present writing; the Rb- to obtain the almost complete independence of Venetia same time on the same question.well upon Mr. Williams. But whoever wears these magna question to be "reserved," and "hereafter at the price of the restoration of the Archdukes. That The Cardinals convoked by the Pope to a Special colors, w e do hope they will be sullied by no unfair- submitted to a Conference, wherein France will tranpaction having failed, despite m y most earnest en- Congregation had uriSuimonsly decided that the pres-ness toward a foreigner whose friends upon the field propose that it shall form a sort of State by itself, deavors, rkave expressed my regret thereat at Vienna ervation of the patrimony of the Pope is too intimately may be but few. If the ring on this occasion prove as well as at Turin, for the situation by being prolonged connected with the general interests of the Church to itself capable of honesty, tbe world will not ia future bearing to the Holy See relations analogous to those threatened to lead to no issue. While it was the subject be treated eimply as a political question. ibesomucheurprised,asprobablyitnowis,onhear- ing that patience, temperance, a n d self-control a r e often displayed by prize-fighters in a very high andhortatory and Minister Billault's minatory circularsPORT OF NEW-YORK.Cleared.*• is all very well of you to settle Rousseau as you AJready has tbe army been reduced by 150,000 men;" did; Grandguillot set him up against you, and as and thu reduction would have been more considerable Pale; New-Vork (Bremen), V an Santen, Bremen, Gelpcke,complete independence of Venetia, to be obtained at ;the greatest number. Let us "continue, then, firmlypracticed it, i»iely »howed mm,seli abte, atm?rethaa laid down so frequently of late in documents ema- ing this, expressing his regrets a t the failure to onr path to progress, without allowing ourselvtB to he Liverpool; Swedish bark WUi-i», t>«m Tries**. 70 ^aya, ami *Jupon diet and exercise. A man who U*d hawually.••• 4arrestedeitherbytbemenacesofselfishness,orbythe dav*fromGioraHar. Also,•»Ausulnvbrigiron Bob*.nating from thedifferent FrenchMinisters,aud Viennaarid Turin, andplainlytellingtheKingof••''••' •'!'•••.•::•>-• •' •*.J;-4.;-: ,/;,,- .- *. :<:•..:,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•_,.,.,, ^:>..-|.v I ,<,-lasted too long, and to seek for the means of inaugurat-MARCH 16." you were thus pitted against each other, it was" inthecourseofnature, anda fair fight, thatyou" should demolish him if you could, which, he be-" ing dead, and having no frieuds, you did. But means of living cheaply, the prosperity of those who Graeves; Princeton, Seclry, Deiuerara miMCer. " —^ " why go outside the ropes and hit my respected labor, and to multiply our commercial relations. The BripB—J. Steven*, Peters, Galveaton, N . H Bri^htim ;(%lmir,whomtherevolutionary,progressivespiritofWest-"granduncle? Iwishyouwouldapologize."firststeptobetakeninthispathwastofixtheperiodTapley,Jackiouville,T.H.Sand£>rd;Bonito,PcrXJat,Gibraltar,ish insurrection. Revolution in either dominion is the common enemy of both Governments. In the second place, grudges and sentimentalities are notthan he did into Rousseau.This last named hardly entreated dead episcopal gentleman has, by the way, just found a friend. A lady, Madame Berlin, his niece, has instituted a prosecution ,for libel against M . Dupanloup, based on his letter to Grandguillot. The laws of France recognizetheproperty, asitwere,"ofsurvivorsandcountries. JNeiiher the one nor die other assuredlywould have failed within a few yeare to take, each inits own interest, the initiative of the measures pro-posed; butthen,thelowering oftariffsnotbeingsim-Alxvlif^w'Sloops^-O. Amvv, Babbitt, Taunton; Genius, Jones, N e w - Haven, M. Briggs it. Co. m •.Arrived.g l o v e s , m e a n w h i l e , j u s t i f i e s h i m s e l f t o t h e ' c o m -plainant in a long letter. H e begins in an almostapologeticvein,assuringcomplainantthatitisapainful business for him, the live Bishop; that hemarketsmanyproductionsofforeignindustry,and &Shipht;D.bisaon.ReynoldsProvidence,L.RennyVMaraljallbell: T . A . Thome, Davis, Fall River, master; Perrine, Alleu, defend himself. Theu he digs up the grandunele, upon myself the responsibility of this great measure. Providence, master; S. Sawyer,. Sawyer. Tatnpico, Walsh,rection w as simply repressing and preventing Pol- and lets into him, if 1 may so speak, almost worse A very simple reflection proves its advantages for booh Carver At Chase; Neptune, Nutter, Philadelphia, Simpson \ ,of mentcanalonepermitastocompetewithforeignm- dustrv; but, as periods of transition are always those oiBuffering,andasitisourdutytoputastoptoa.state of uncertainty so hurtful to our interestB, I appeal toIl i l e s t o n A: C o .internal communication, which b y their develop-Spotford,ifSSSgSiH i>•/Turin-A decreecallsontheTuscanpeoiletovote onthe11th and 12th of March, by universal suffrage and.bal*.THE VERY LATEST. . >»PaM«engcr» A m redSteaa>»hips—Glai-ifow (Br.), Thompton, Liverpool, Ifcin G.Steamship Florida, Crowell, Savannah, mdse. and pas*, to S'gi1,hvUAlun*J» Charleston, mdse and pas*, to, W"^ .f r* J ?,'WIND—Sun»«t, South. •'.;'•' :.;fU<y^<r'* -'<'• :. .'.'-" •••-•.."!.;>/'••''.'{ 3::J ii!;*•"••- i^r i's-,i • ... 