 NEW YORK HERALD.NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1860.^^T-I— 1—,1—inm _——^te—•——_„„.^^^^^ , ,. «•• mqne*atioen ScuAern ionr was ta fair demand, aa4 rather eMpoftbeeldCollins!ine. Although sithas for Seward, and ws mayexpect apathyant eracytounitsandadoptsuch a platformant more Mitrrw. Anwnf tue trstsae'lens were seme pur been a long time completed, this voyage is her ineinVrer ce to take ;he place of zeal and feast .- mmina«e each candidates as shall at onceHEWS PROS wAsenrsTOK ' aaw Bkajussore CwaV•f Tay Clerdsa IsOaur Spaetal Wtastoln9 tost - ^_ "^^pwinaaa*Wassurasox. Mat fa lata Airvrcns raos onrnuL a » sona aaTsnoTchates lot export to aro?toel perls Wheat was htavy j A M• » «<>KDO» BKifJKTT, aad lower, with a fan? amsant of sales at ri'iK'R A"»L rp.o?Rii'TuR. toe conersakn, tnctudtag parohases for export Crrn was active, while prices were without arret H. w. con*** ot SA*SAI? a>» nn.K>K STS. important chacf,*; among tbe transactions ware parrr la tsUcen for shipment to I Iverpool. Pork waa easier-rfc* * !.V «Mdcr P-xr%w « c * f » avt rtasdMa a« t*fl»eTipifc>* wita nor* deieg at Uw eoooession. Bales of aew mess were madeat$17SOa$18,andofnewprio>eat$<S71."*TH^r *ri,T e7»SUOiw on"*P*"«»*,*T»«rawaawa,first one, and her capacity shows what splendid vessels were built for that line, when t h s last one constructed is the best of them; aad it shows also what an admirable transatlantic steamship line Congress deetrojed.The AM•/ rmmd-Corrmptlest la ttoaOld amtl New Weu-Jals.The historians of the present day will have no difficulty in finding materials for the con secration of our own times as emphatically tbe age of fraud. The socient poets sang of their age of gold "and their age of iron, while more modem historians have immortaHx*d tbe sge of heroes and of chkalry. It is now left for the graphic pen of some historian to gatherupthefloatingatomsofthegiganticfrauds of the present age, and combine them into a unit for the instruction and warning of posterity.Tbe materials are found broadcast through- out the world. The great governments of Eu- rope have frequently been shaken to their verycal spergy.I.v KEA*K or THB 8t»vB TRAM.—OISaturdaysatisfy the three or four millions of conserva- tive voters of the country, present a striking contrast to all principles of sectionalism, andf-«SS Wf'klTQBHAtOmrg «uur .io* <M fix tmU*Vm The -Jgar market was actire, aad the sates rmbraoad about 1,800 a 2,000 h h l a , chiefly CuM muaoorados. 2«eTug PROGRAMME or SCTOOKR SENSATIONS.— Our programme of sensations for the summerm, ,-p* » %\»"yr immum TUTFAUILY UKll*U> <mM I , m±.fr<ri from ,.nt T'U'^Tt , , : , ..,4,* /» a*- •'«» POB«IO» Co* .'Dim ABB TTiTicti .kLf »»«O«»TB» to anu. AU. ABO PACK- tan r»vctTol.tw. IIV •o,1*1 AJfDSUIBMTS TH• ffUVO.do, aaelaoes, sad 6C0 boxes, all at loll pnesa. Tue »1- vanoe oa the week's tales has reached about >«c a ?,c , wheft tally restores the prices currtat beforetne iatede- presstca, au4 in some cases plaeei them sUgntty la ad- vance of those prevailing at that period. Fair reftaiagthat the Great Eastern leaves for this port oa the 9th of June. It appears certain now that she will come first to New York, whether she visits Portland or not, and will probably anchornisuym anon, UlU-UIlulOi.BOffUl THBATBE -v To. •« Uuu-fuici Srr.WTHTIS 0 * » D E » , Broadway,The PreaUlemtlaa Coms-at-IisT"* •' "*" inrning Rosso* Aanomf t«* lleann- erncjr.The nominaUos of Lincoln and Hamlls doee not touch the heart of the black republican party. It ia evident that the scute and practiced minds which had built up the organization hare been set aside, andconnection with its increase there are two facts which are very remarkable, both showing that it is owing to the connivance of those who are loudest in their professions against foreign and domestic slavery.duringmaimg little progress ia tneVSB WIKll 9DUVTThe time for the ratlncaton of the Mexican t r _ .erplwtontoel2toofne»amtUa. taaratomaf n i rattatd^beforethattone,HwSJtontoths a,. 7 a"*bar effort, a a aadarttood, wiu be n»toa».^Lt d*J8, by tts friends ta too Senate, u toto? a - with the hope of mifytog a B to. »p*»LZ rneceed hi adopting the amendments which tsaTaMa prepared,enoughof themwillcooperatewnb UsaasavIlKtUN BXXAB._BoT-iBrnvma t*w*ci. KeTW M i n t ,_ fcn),-OwmMawthey proclaimed as mere political watchwords have been adopted as truths by their follow- er*, who place themselves under the lead of in- ferior and less sagacious men.crats to secure a two thirds vole.TOX BBrcaxjcas*ABDTBS ROMIKATiOB Or DOOGLU AT•»•**•i s IWKA. Broadway.—Dot—WIBLOURuii inSOBSS bABCas aa-Jtea **»H» MOBBBT.OOOFSB IKSTITOTS -BMM».T«©W or Pl*L»'iOw«i BAA pAUUiiKi or i«« Cocst ur ABATH—i*ey aae *renng.WOK4RT HAU.. Wo- « » Bm^wmy.-OcttATCT O u w ' i BftiBaiAU>sa«T Sooaa s Uu»« • BLOPII*, Ac.nOBira OF THTBTMJfTti 8TSBXT AMD POUBTHHew lotto, ••••»!. finny »tHEBAILS FORTBI flClFlC.daw York Herald—Callftornta Kiiltfoa. TV mail •toamahtp KorUt Star. (apt. Joaea, irtll tear*tola port at eooa to day, for Aipinwall.Ttaa BMll* tor Uaitforoia and ocbor parts of the PacificirtU etoaa at half poat too o'clock this rnorniof.Th* Niw Y o u WmaaLY HBLATD—California eittion— •Detaining t t e latest uiteiUgenoe from all parts of tbe war14, with a larg* qaaaittr of local aod mtacellaneoos matter wffl to published at half past ulna o'clock litthsStafle captca. In wrappers, ready for mailing, six cents.BASllOars AMmsrOaS I I W U *« u nMABCB or m» PBAIBBThe republicans a r e getting batsticket already. Tney declare with ma fervor aM too bast nomination which could bars been nude- The democrats are hunting ap too record o' Luoala vbas in Congress Tney have discovered that be stoat an sane whig pound with Clay and Corwia in opposing tot Mmcan war.The Douglas m e t think toe chances of their farerrU favorably affected by Lincoln's aomiaattos, at ttey sar oo other democrat can compete with biatortoerau «r toe Northwestageaai sthts.wiU^pJaase sead InUieurordarsa s early a s pos-falcations of John Blaikie, who lately abscond ed, will be about $1,000,000. At first it was feared they might b e double that amount H e is stated to have obtained advances from the Union Bank of Scotland to the extent of about $100,000; but they have numerous securities, and are not likely to lose more than $">0 000 to $70,000. It would be needles*, indeed, to mul- tiply instances like these.without people knowing anything about it,although some twenty years ago his presencenrcwuf"! or H T nr THS RATT.The House Nava. Committee will endeavor on Mas toyor Tuesday next to report the bill which tney hare aad under consideration for sereral weeks, tor lacreaswi GatSALOOn. flreedwey- « • * •Owenrer'S MlB-Lincoln is the echo of Seward without hispractical acumen, the follower of Spooner withthe rabid spirit of Helper, and the worshipper war a most systematic fraud was beiog of John Brown without his pluck. Animatedby the same sentiments, but with a far differ-ent spirit from that which sent Brown acrossthe Susquehanna, he vauntingly proclaimed pire. This was about one of the most daring in one of his public speeches that he "did meanto go on to the banks of the Ohio and throwmiseiU's into Kentucky to disturb them in theirinstitution*." Such is the man whom thefanatical black republicans have brought forward as their choice for President of theAmerican confederation, and for whom theyhave rejected every man with conservative ten-dencies, practical statesmanship, or nationalTue Haws.The steamship Anglo Saxon, from Liverpool,May 9, with o n e day's later news from Europe, passed Farther Point last evening. T h e pilot boat seat out to obtain the news approached too near the steauship,auiwasdashedtopieces.Tbehere was the cause of an immense excitement— pay of the ntvy On examining tae bill resort-an account of which we reproduce in our ed by the majority of toe committee, I aad columns to-day, as a curious evidence of the it differs materially from too Stoats Mil. Mr. Hams,alternations of human destiny.f i i M ?~> for refining grades t o strictly prime, ftfolaptcs was selling at 11G for 110 gallons. Ame- ricanprulacewasindemand. Mayagnczwas fully storked with everything. In Punce the mar- ket waa not well supplied. White pine lumber was m ich wanted. CodGah was worth ,">Jc. retail: flour,$13 per bbl., but several cargoes of Spanish were expected. ,We hare received intelligence from Barbadoes dated May '.', from which we learn there have been numerous arrivals at that, place from the United Bt&tes with breadstufls. and several cargoes have Bailed for other markets. Hour waa selling atevidences of a disposition to cometogether on some common platformforthecomiri^fight. To-daywepublishelse-where in our columns a speech of Mr. Butler,delivered in Massachusetts, and one of Mr.Yancey, delivered in Alabama, both of whichexhibit the same tendencies. It will beremembered that the first of these gentle-men was the proposer of the second of the mi- rather mysterious state. The Wall streetvisions,supplythecrews,andgetthecon- uponthssolareclipsewhichwilloccuronthe themtovotetbedemocraticticket,andthattoeSecroe.xpeoses with the Indians, to the Department at Washington. The ruaior of the murder of Mr. J. S. Williams hsd been confirmed. He was killeddent disposition on the part of all sections of be the most supine and negligent inof Ou tAdvices recatred by tae fovaraaaant, arnasM aw - •tsnsnar Ariel, from Central and to,toipartont. Gen. Jones, MUlster at - •SfarloogB.andUaowoohis way to tan'.—LOCBBTIA BOOCIA—ooposfteBoMstiest-In the first place, the English governmentcould put a stop to the African slave trade if itdesired to do so. The only two points to whichthe cargoes are conveyed from Africa are Cubaaod Porto Rico. These islands belong to Spain.Eogland has a treaty with Spain againstthe slave trade, and y e t permits these Spanishcolonies to carry it on; whereas, if it assumedthe proper attitude and compelled the mothercountry to observe the treaty, there would be They will come in thousands from all quarters_ovmsxATO Socml^usa iwwjrr* THBATBB. CM awiway.-Bwacu the dangerous doctrines and fallacies which.centres by the sudden unravelling of some complicated system of corruption. The Cri- mean war exposed some of the leading officials of tbe Russian government who had been prey- ing upon the imperial finances to such aa ex- tern that the Emperor was glad of the oppor- tunity offered him by Napoleon to make peace with the Allied Powers. During the late ItalianWAXJUAOnVt TBSATSS.der's movement at Charleston, delivered at Mont-gomery, Alabama, on the 12th inst, together withthespeechoftheHon.B.F.ButleratLowellontbe 15th. These speeches show the origin andcause of thedifficulty at Charleston, and foresha- lar discussions in Congress; and the violationFloor oVl at at W i l l fa. Wheat ctiL Wattkey pitsdy at l f c Baccn ; x c a £ \ c . Mess pork »IT. lara KTic a lie. w>_Bnn'O, May 19, IMS. Nothing of iaportacce has been done ia ths marketdow the future course of a portion of the demo- cracy at tbe North and South.of popular rights in the inchoate States canonly result In their violation in complete States.(i,uo bbls. aour, f0,UO bushels wheat, S4,«C0 ouabeej a ' r fWwBfco, Mar jo_« P. M.AsketchofthelifeofthePrincedeJoinrffle,Hour is moderate demand for the interior and B***'" tracerafct6C0bta.at*624forspringState,andto'*ther with some interesting reminiscences of hisformervisitin1841,aregivesinourpaperto-day.Itfor all. But in order to meet them, politicians mastgiveuptheirhairsplittingpracticesonbody-just as it was with a section of the a purely sectional character. Its delegates were democraticparty—Douglasornobody. The almostexclusivelyfromtheNorthernandfree New York Tunes, which recently advocated his StateB.and looked upon those from the South as nomination,isconfoundedandhasnotaword bogusandnotentitledtoseatsinthebody,and to sayforLincoln.is said the object of his present Tisit is to en-gageinahuntingandfishingexcursioninthe politicalfallacies,andtakegroundoaconser-vative principles. This is what the country willextendhisvisit. waitstoseetheBaltimoreConvention do; andNcrthandWest,anditisnotknowshowlongheTheCkntriermidMn- talkedofexcludingthem. TheconventionheldCabasCoffeeamount of eogagemenU, especially for I iverpool.so)d at ft^'e, and grocery goo<Js at 7o » » « « •w a squiet Freights wera sustained,with afairo«auon of affairs there were very* ^tSodontoaofOaa.Bsrraa,wso^ T * w «-<», ta« antfdsotod troablss, a sawviews, to be found within the party ranks. There san be but one result to such a fatuous course. The party deprived of intellectual power and practiced sagacity in leadership must dwmdle down to the grasp of the intel- lect that controls it, and both eventually dis- appear in the pool of demonstrated foolishness.WhMe the black republicans are thus making clear the path which must conduct them to de- feat, some signs of a return to common sense are beginning to develope themselves among the democratic leaders. The debate in the Senate resulted in a weak defence of politicalabstractions, and a turning up of a few oldScoich advocate with a vast amount of money.The accounts from Aberdeen state that the de- miiesaries to revolutionize the country andGreat Eastern, too, in course of timewill cease to be a wonder, when we haveother ships of the megatherium order, perhapsof larger proportions, floating in our waters;and the Prince of Wales will one day have aslittle interest for us as the Prince de Joinvtile, man a. who passed throogh the city s few days agoHere, in our very midst, the most astound- morning, and tie may receive her new» in timefor personal acrimony among the leaders, nor was ing corruption in almost every branch of thematerial effect upon the prosperity of the committee will be adopted.THB nrSH-IJ/AL B.BCTTO*.Anglo baxon wul probably.arrive at Quebec thisour afternoon edition. it kept up with that spirit, that many expectedBy the Kritith brig George Washington, fromGuayauilla. P. R., we have dates to April 30. Tbe on to the ground of the present and living is- cropn iron.weil Lur, although for a tine planters had sue, and the speeches of Davis, Douglas and slapped grindiog cane. Merchants were urgingshipments, sad freights were good, being 50c. on Mason, and address of the Southern Senators sugar and $3 50 on molasses. Sugar was worth and members of Congress, all exhibitfossils in politics, but it did not exhibit thatmetropolis, which will grow rich out of the abundance whereof tbe thousands of visitersto gee. The discussion, too, was not broughtlegislatures; in public corporations and inprivate enterprises: and in fact, it would be it brings. It is impossible that slavers could openiijg of the sensation season.-reached Utah, and t h e Mormons were much ex-cited about the turn affairs had taken at Washing-ton. I»r. Jacob Forney, the Superintended of In-dian Affaiia for the Territory, hid arrived at SaltLake City, and was anxious to meet the charges In view of such a contingency, there is an evi- in the extinction of the evil appear to made against him of presenting false vouchers, forcompany of observers to Chile—so that weshall obtain observations of the phenomenonunder the most favorable circumstances.This is a commendable idea. W e have plenty tbe citizens. They deem this municipal election oat/|7 47 a #7 74; Brandyvvine meal, $1 70 a $4 74. delegations. Mr. Butler makes some revela-weeks in May, have largely increased. The receipts for the first four weeks last year were $lf>1,600; for the first three weeks of this year, $222,257;increase, $60,656. Addan- other week's receipts at the average, and the amount would be $296,312, and the increaseservice, off duty, who, by education and taste, are fully competent to perform a duty of this character, and government could not employIIe#s pork and lard was plentiful. There had beensome light showers throughout the country, whichtions of occurrences at Charleston which exhi- bit a disposition on the part of the friends ofwas welcomed by the planters.WehavealetterfromourcorrespondentatSalt Mr.Douglastoeffectacompromise,whichwerethembetterthanintheservice ofscienceand Minhterathafather'scourt,and others whomadekte in the acquisition of knowledge relative to the acquaintance in former years, either in Europe or during phenomena of nature. We have a decided %a previous visit with the frigate La Belle Poaie a 1841.not before known. The fact is, events are tion of the anti-polygamy bill into Congress had plainly demonstrating that though the IllinoisLake City, dated April 27. News of the introduc-nority platforms In the Charleston Convention, and that the second was Chairman of the Ala bama Convention and leader of the secedingspeculators are of course greatly exercised and troubled about this business; and they may well be eo, for in a very few days the share* of the companies have very seriously declined. Since the days of the Schuyler frauds we have witnessed nothing to be compared to the ex- citement which nowpervades financial and com- mercial circles here and in Europe, in conse- quence of these recent governmental and pri-second in Importance to the PrnhdentiaL THB raixcs ci jonrrau.Tbe Prince de Jotnvi le, who a very quietly suyiai M toe National, though lees lionized than the Japaaaw, re- ceives much attention from General Cass, who was eastSenator can be a s,talworth rebel, Ms becoming one would give the electoral vote of half the Southern States to Bell and Everett, and throw the election into the House of Representatives.vate peculations.We have from time to time pointed out the on four weeks $80,874—an increase of fifty peradvantage over European countries, owing to our being in a more Southern belt, and we should not wonder if the United States expedi- tions produce the most intelligible and in- structive results.SOIR GRAPES.—The London Tones thinks that we are making an unnecessary fuss about the visit of the Japanese, and considers it a very insignificant affair, inasmuch as they areTHE l;CITBBHKI> U K E O* STBABWJnThs statement which recently appeared ia regard to the Butterfield line of steamers in the Gulf doss grtt' injustice to the members of the House committee, whounanimously reporrtu It. The ocmarttee weremoos in opinion that under BuUerfleid « arracgei with the Mexican government it could not be ti.rawn open'to competition. There are large numbers of hungry hangers on about*Ccegress who are determined :t sbal act pass unless tney are provided for.MlSCKULMTBOrS HATTLR4.Much interest a expressed to bear Toomb'a speech oaMonday. His principal (nort will he to defend the cotton States against the amaulta of Douglas aad anthe old democratic party to listen to reason. The Tennessee resolution, which was presentapply h g the remedy. Gentlemen who are largely concerned in railroad and other stock take very little more trouble in the matter than the purchase of their stock and in collectingatBitterSpringsonthe 18thofMarchbyaparty edintheCharleston Convention a shorttimeof Indians w h o pretended t o b e friendly. Fort Biidger was getting to be an uncomfortable place for the Mormon;), as several of the "brethien'- had been attacked there, and used in a very rough manner.We publish elsewhere all the particulars whichc^ald be learned yesterday concerning the attachedvessel Cora, now lying off the Battery on suspicion their personal claims. In the present crisis in give their proxies to the president and directors to the nations of Europe to take a part in theprevious to its sudden adjournment, but onwhich no discussion or expression of feeling their dividends. If the latter are paid they arethiDg is rendered stationary or retrograde 'goirjg to Eogland and other European coun-took place, is a medium ground between the satisfied, and think no more of their invest- Northern and Southern sections of the democ- ments till some ruinous defalcation bursts uponThe preservation of the Union is calculated to prevent war at home and abroad. The distries as well. It is true, we believe, that theyracy, on which all can stand, and which, there- fore, may unite the party; but in order to do so- both Mr. Davis and Mr. Douglas must abandonthem like a clap of thunder. They devote no memberment would be the sure preintend to visit Europe after their return to Ja- friends.pan, and we have no objection at all to their do Mr. Montgomery will offer s joint reso!uticn to morrowof being aslaver. Meanwhile the investigationin to vote for the reelection of the very men to her case will be brought on to-day by the District our public affairs neither of them has anyfray—an invitation which they would not beland as well as for ourselves, for which act of ge- nerosity the British government gave our Minis- terthathaDdsomegoldboxnowonexhibitionin Broadway, and we are not so selfish as to object to the Japanese Ambassadors paying a visit to England after they have done with us. and seen what a splendid country they have chosen to open their first commercial negotiations with. The affair is all rightArrivalortbe aVasjlo.gssom. FABTHKB Pourr, aWy 20— Erenlog.York.The Presliyttriaa General Aaaerabiy. Pirr*sr*;,Mty21,!*»«•The Ceceral Assembly heard toe report of tne Csorck Erection Commute* this morning Every appacaUoo for aad by loan or donation baa been granted, ana the fund mcreased to $lo»,ci0 Tbe Aatembiy aad Reformed Presbyterian Synod held a onion prayer awttig aa boar aad a half.Fire in Springfield, Bfaaearhaaetts. S r a w FTEIT., May 20, IMSThe Greenleaf k Taylor paper mill in ton dry wis to tally destroyed by lire early ttia morning. 1-oss esttna ted at $26,ot0—insured in fepriagutld, Harford aad ConwaycdicesforSib,'.00. Thecauseoftnefireisaa] known.O b i t u a r y .Lo!% >«, May 19, i mJoseph Berrol, commercial editor of tae Jtvnii lx nearly twenty years past, fiied this morning of paoumeAttorney,whenitwillprobably bedeterminedto the satisfaction of every one what the real charac- ter and business of the vessel was, and also the rea-sons which led to her attachment *Letters from our c-rrespondenta at Denver Cityright to make his personal ambition a cause whom they give this important power. of danger to the country, and both of themhausted energies at the expense of this fresh yourg country, which, if true to its own inte- rests, is destined to overshadow them all beforestand in the same personal relation to the odi- ous Kansas-Nebraska act which reopened this Pandoras box of sectional discuesion. Onecorrect these evils members of stock companies must take a more active management of the affairs of these large concerns, and alwaysgamer. Kates,and Council Bluff, inform us that the rush to the was the leader of the Southern fire-eaters in bear in mind the apothegm, Kespice fiivcm. the rising generation shall have passed off theK.tnsat-XtbraskagoldminescontinuesverygreatThe reports from the mines were still favorable. gineer and defender of the bill in Congress. It Lad been proved beyond doubt that thereWas gold in abundance all through the moun-tain region, but whether it can be made toInstead of giving up the important stageofexistence.- Butthefactcannotbedis-poor Pierce's cabinet, and the other was the en-guised that in this country exists a powerful they must vote themselves. They should not party who have nominated a candidate for thePresidency on a sectional issue, and that the tendency of this party is to shatter the Union into fragments, and nip the prosperity, grettThe conservative feeling of the country can-notacceptanymanwho,In.agreatnational allowtheirbusinesstobecarriedoninthethe quartz mills on their way to the mines in people is to oppose that revolutionary and de- that defalcations will recur. They ought tobud. It remains to be seen whether the con- servative interests of the country, includingfte pilot boat went out icr the news, but Roing too close to the steamer was store to pieces No lives were lost the news, which is one day later, cannot be obtainedoperation as soon as they arrive. It was said that structive spirit of innovation which would con-at least over one thousand persons a day passed' vert the constitution of the Union into an abo- and corruption, and adopt every precautionA a i a c t s .Cotton sales to day 7C0 ea'ea. . . . . . .Fort Kearney ou their way to the mines.We print to our columns this morning the speechlition into ainstrument, and great promoterthe government of religious andfor securing their personal property. We trust this great commercial city and the'other com until toe Anglo Saxon reaches Quebec to-monow morn-MOKIIX, hay 1?, 1S6S Cix-PTXAT. May 19. l*«u.mercial and manufacturing cities of the North will permit such wanton folly to accomplish its designs.THE Font POLITICAL CONVENTIONS.—It is a curiousfactthatthefourconventionswhich are to give to the country the respective can- didates for President and Vice President for the ensuing four years are divided into twoThese destructive innovations must be met;who is at present on a visit to this country, toge- and the sooner this is done the better it will be was aut Qtsar aut nidlus—Seward or no- That which has just adjourned at Chicago was ofof Hon, W. L. Yancey, one of the leaders of theSouthera fire-eaters and the originator of the sece. moral reioim, of woman's rights, the divi-sion of landed property, and the displacement of the family by social phalanxes The discus- sionof slaveryintheTerritoriesisonlyan abstraction, which, if admitted, leads to simi-that these startling defalcations will have a bene ficial effect in awaking voters and capitalists to the necessity of combining to check so ram- pant an evil.C h i t a g oC o n v e n t i o n .The Reformed Dutch church in Fifth arenue if it is not done, one-half of the Southern and deavors to put the beet face on a bad business. character, and made its nominations uponparticularly obligee to Mr. Wbitisg. manager of the N . r York cmce, sad his worthy aialstanu, for their maaifoUsno efficient service* i^ _ _ _ _ _ #The Boston Police and Recent Bobberies. BfWTOs,Uey20,!S60n Cr0W,k!i Middle States will throw their votes for Bell !£..tl !SL J******* «"""»« to wit-But Thurlow Weed, of the AlbanyJournal, the man Friday of Seward, was struck dumbbythenomination ofLincoln, andonH o b e h t n Ctty Kewi.A Doi-ioalhXK FKBKT BOAT-Mr Stereo ha. » i menctd toe collection of Umber end ether matenOs for anewferryboatfromHctokcntoNewYork Ita tsbtnfssthe ordtaat»on of Messrs. John Scudder andEv&fgthe constitution end a Union platform, with a national representation present from nearly everyState. ThenextconventiontoassembleLeonard W. KK*-, J - *_« _ „ _ _„7 mg areahortlvytotagus»*T«L•^^ oTM^*Utu„°,JVUUUCr H a »tolndu andMr.Kipp toChia4. Asermon waa preachedla, ^ p ^ R ^ Casto, asd after the oro^natto.h, tk, p ^ ' »chargeaatotheirfutureduties,j»,^ L '' Rev. Peter Stryker. The time for their departure has not yet bees decided upon.Saturday evening had enly sufficiently recov- will be that of the teceders, at Richmond, Tbe Investigation of the alleged robberies by members two headed Jeet to length. with two drekt. w th cabins* sales emBraced about li.we iofUxe.torsaUdhsguplands4lrro»v<r— -'•n- *a ' n ' ' l c ' : 'rades enere sustained: medium and higher qualities were «^*hateasier,ahMfhv*Lm importantchangesla~^££~>«*rd0De' TMhTMby a majority of them ai tantamount to the <wo great issues, of Union or disunion, each(nnnws «- >n O « R-W:n»£h J * ^ * R...,e..lto*.m ( e r r e i t e W . k r . •«« • t ^ / ^ ».a%>sti.tof.roa:•t.«tl T>«,r- *•««;»V. s ..and Everett, and a black republican pluralitywill carry most of the Northern and North- ^ J J J western States.men who ^ &'THE TRIP OF THE ADRIATIC—The steamship Adriatic,whicharrivedMereonSaturday, made one of the quickest trips across theered his speech to be able to say:—.It would be idle to attempt to disguise the dtowootot BieUwhichthepeople*fthisStateTeelatthetaltutoof the Chicago Convention to plate In nomination for Piaai dent the candidate of their own State. wwhich, according to the Hon. R. Barnwell of the police, was oootii.ued before tbe a!a?or until a on tbe upper one for patatngers. t* be « e e a e d b y £ £ late bcur Saturday n>gbt, when seven officers were beld ci.Dtd plsne. The entire * wer c<*cijs for toe • « • « • £continually practised upon the bankrupt Austrian government by some of the most distinguished officers of the army and the eman end to the slave trade. Spain is dependent for her national existence on Great Britain, but for whose interposition France would swallow her up; aad no one can doubt that if there were any sincere desire on tbe part of the British government to stop the traffic by enforcing the treaty obligations of Spain, that government could easily accomplish i t It makes a show of pbilo-niggerism by keening up a squadron on the African coast, which, for all that it effects, might as well be stationed on the coast of "\ an Dieraan's Land. Around Cuba and Porto Rico it might do some .good. T h e nobility and lead- ing citizens of England keep up a clamor at Fxeter Hall against domestic slavery in the United States, and they send over money andof the continent, and we should not wonder if hundreds are even now on their way by rail- road and steamboat,to get a sight of the Japan- ese, who are expected here this week or nextand extensive frauds ever perpetrated on anygovernment, whether we look at its variousramifications or at the high character of thedelinquents, several of whom, in the bitternessof their disgrace, have laid violent hands upontheir own lives. The peculations of Paul andStrahan in England are not yet forgotten; andthe recent defalcations in the Union Bank ofLondon must be fresh in the memory of ourreaders. The latest European intelligence hasjust informed us of the disappearance of aBut these sensations, like all others, havingenjoyed their day, will die out and be forgot-ten. If the Japanese remain long enough they Mat twenty four boars, which a occoatradicted, tostpublic eervice is constantly being developed.It is seen in Congress as well as in our StateMayor Berret, wtao tt a candidate for re-electitn,a !ik ly to be injured by too outrage* committed at the re-hard to say where the corruption does not exist, so general has the moral plague become. The gentlemen of Wall street are now in abe prepared for eea in Northern ports withoutthe knowledge of the black republicans. Oa THE SOLAR FXLH^E-GOVERNMENTOIWRRVA- Berret will probably be opposed by an independent den the contrary, it is well known that they are the TIONS.—Some of the European governments, ccrat and an opposition man. Two years ago It Mcharredcauses ot these lamentable periodical defalca- tions, but the parties who are most interestedcent This is indicative of the prosperity of the State, and is another argument why politi- cal revolutionary factions should not be per mitted to break up the Union, and arrest tbe rapid progress of the developement of the re- sources of the country by the arts of peace In civil war and war with foreign Powers, when the theatre of it is in our own country, everypersonal attention to their vital interests, ex-trig so, and shaking hands with Queen Victoria,now that they have done so with President Bu-chanan. We opened the Japanese trade for Eng- Consul General of tbe Kingdom of Netherlands at Newcept to look at the daily quotations, and theyThe President has recognized J E. Zimutermaa as Viosslow to accept They envy our prosperity, This is a very reprehensible practice. To andtheydesiretorecruittheirdecayedandex-act of voting to irresponsible proxies,reckless spirit which has characterised it in thepay the miner was a problem % et to be crisis, prefers his personal interest to that ofsolved. Preparations were being made to put the whole country; and to-day the impulse of past: for if they do they must always expect ness and glory of the American republic in the Queecetcwn ICth Inst., passed this point this evening.know that they are living in an age of fraudTHEEIKECTOFSKWARP'SDEFEATONHrsPASTI-s.v.vs.—The effect of the defeat of William H.Sew-ard, at Chicago, on the partisans of the grantchampion of republicanism, is most markedTheyareallsadandsullen.Withthemit distinctclasses—namely,sectionalandnational-to*ay. Floursteacy. Wb'Btquiet. Cornheldfirmly Oiher grans romlnal. WbtfVey nominally at 2Cc Caaal titiihte Srmer, caniers atkirir IHe. on noatr, 12^e oaAtu?tiC e m made Jet' havio« ac«onl- Therecanbenodoubtthattheactionofthe asectionalaffair;sxdonthe'18thofJunetherenr« by the steamer Adriatic, setar as a jU»bed U in nine days and seventeen , had a* perospOBto effect oa ourChicago Convention will have a very disss trous effect upon the republicans of this State, who are so identified with the fortunes ofwill reassemble at Baltimore the National Democratic Convention, which adjourned from Charleston on the 3d of the present month./•; a uh%i- St*pb« n Refers Strr<Jej -.'amr« liecetmu:.and Western brands of soar vara in fair demand, laatud-toff seme pwciosss tor export, and prices of common ^ w h T f c K ° " * TM*oo within nine Seward that his failure or success is regarded Qere, therefore, are pitted against each other taining uvioimanca as to tne iceutiij of tae bocy.doit, TheAnrit^ ?° * tfwithapartybehindit Inviewofthiscondl- itef WiUnotWQikto I4acolAasUterwould uoaof.ajfeLrs,itbefcoore*tbe wUto*; teaw-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tkUlWbethe ve el« ^ failure orsuccessof the party. CertainitIs,Isow St Montreal.aSo.vrMur.Ma/20,IBfO. r.tt lae ccc)*.»g/<^nc r%U'ta ,a.ia.-t-» »W'-^1 ***^ ^ *»**Utesttali.ifcwUntitled Documentthe President communicated to the United effectually put aa end to this unprofitable agi-States Senate an account of the capture of theslaver Wildfire off the coast of Cuba, b y theUnited States steamer Mohawk, with 507 Afri-cans on board—intelligence which we publisheda wf rk ago. On Saturday afternoon, at thisport, the bark Cora was attached while on her seems now complete, since it has been decidedinto our harbor. Her arrival will be the second scene in the drama of excitement des-tined to be produced in the metropolistbe summer—the visit of the Japanese being the first—and the early portion and meridian of the season will be very well occupied with the two. The Japanese Ambassadors and the Great Eastern will last long enough to keep the city in a ferment of enthusiasm until August, about which time the Prince of Wales will arrive here, and will become the centre of a fresh furore. I t i s impossible t o calculate the number of strangers which these three suc- cessive sensations will draw to the metropolis.we perceive, as well as our own, are about to that government exercised Its influence with employes state of feverish excitement concerning the men who embark the capital, furnish the pro- send out expeditions of observation to report in the Departments and Navy Yard to Istaoslatestallegeddefalcation. Thestocksofthe Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the Panama Railroad have suffered immense fluc- tuations in consequence of the sudden disap- pearance of the late secretary of the Steam- ship Company, who has left his books in atracts for the necessary carpenter work, sails, 18th of July. Our government is sendinglary of the Navy ateo directed that the marines should vote. The votes of the latter will be contested this year as illegal, if offered, on the ground that they cannot rots where stationed except for President Themen say they were defeated by government iniicfore, aad of coarse threaten, if the experiment a repeated now, that they will return the compliment when they gat posseesioa ot the government. The democrats think ton a good Joke. Tbe excitement is getting very high a-nnogtigging, and other outfit The agitation against slavery, therefore, in the seaboard States ot the North, is all gammon, and the Almighty Dollar is a greater god than the Almighty Nigger.INCREASE or BrsKEss ON THE CANAIS—TUBLESSON rr TEACHES.—We learn that the receiptsof canal toils in this State, from the opening ofnavigation, for oneweek in April andtwo of officers attached to the army and navycursor of and wouldbloody internecine strife, bold out an invitationto adjourn on tbe 12th of June next. It wbl pro.ably bs extended to the 18th.ID'.'.T h eRECEPTION o r T H E NOMINATIONS IN M.LA W ARE.WnjtiKbTos, Del., May 23, ISoS. One hundred guns wpre fired ia this city yesterday iahonor of the nominees of the Cbicaio Convention.jftepressofthecountryareunderimmenseobligationsto tbe New York, Albany and Buffalo and Western L'cioacompanies' lines for the superb manner ia wt:ch they • L<at,ll*c [on corn to New Y e t lake imports, were served with the doings of the Chicago CunveatioD.Not only were two wires the entire diiiance Cevcted tothe ntwtpapcr ccrpatches, trot the tolls thereon veresrcaijyrecucedtortbeoccasion,alifteraiityonthe—part o! the t i c u c t and worthy maraiera for extra Canadian. Wb* at in better demand sataa •£»• of the line which was nnvked. To M<*u-s busleis prime whit* Canaciaa at $1 6C, 5,at« b"***" ALSon Stager and J. O Raid, the superintendents Miiwaukieclubat SI 18; 6,0CC burbea do. joa *"£•? of the lines, and to their competent a*si*t&nts, tbe •errrs. Corn in goon demand salet 9,500 boshes l"»«" operatore,thepresserel«rgelyindebted. Theanointof atftc:1?.**0buebetodo.atWc.a*c. 15.100tMbe^ *oik done, ia Itself immense, seemed bat a emt'.l obstacle do at 6fc'; 6.C-I0 bcfbeli todnaa at «M» c. oats aaa totbetauter,andwaa{transactedinastyleaodwill,a barleyquiet. Byedull,wttlismalitalesofCanaliaa aspirit which were untlriig. The two wires derotca to tbe &ec Catal freights tteady at SOe. on Hour, ^ e ^ f a prepsworkedsteadilyendcontionaHydcrtcgtheCon wheat,and8concom. lakeimports,\*#? I'^T verticil,uotwitbfeianoiiigtnoprivatebusmen*ottbecom wbeat. Ianalexr*rtt-«d000bb».Hour,13AC0SJAeuqvirer is also sorely troubled, though it en- in Baltimore was, oa the contrary, of a national pai a e ti:itrcd not one lota. Tne press of New York i - e wheat, 44,CC0 busbeH corn, 1,etc osneUo-«Rbett, one of the leadbg men of South Carc- tlna, is to be at the South what the Chicago Convention was at the North-nothingelse thanoativa 5 vctici- s. It :* deaignei " * » * « * ' tt* *•*"* andmtstcommctiioua:erryboatnNewlor*FIBS Dsr^irTaKM - A t th? aaaua: meeUeg of ta» Trus- tees cf the Bobcten r.r* rvpartmeat Fexd, tfew eveaUgt Kite*-,totfoI3©wj|g tfw*rs were electedfartoe« a ^tation, which is shaking the government to its very foundations.way to sea, on tbe ground of being fitted out asa slaver, and a judicial examination is to takeplace to-day. It was, only the other day thatanother was seized at the wharf, and stillanother slaver escaped from New York to her off the Battery, under the guidance of thedestination on the African cjoast It Is evident New York pilots who have already gone to thatthetrafficisincreasingeveryday;andin Eoglandforthepurposeofbringinghersafely ^IwavartoA. MrDbnarywasatwill become of as little interest to the curious as our Chinese segar dealers—though the good effects of their visit upon our trade andDoughs ta willing that the June Convention shall tamer- pomte witt the Cincinnati platform the Dred 3cott De- cision, if that will sataty toe South. Many whoftsve heretofore opposed toe nomination of Ttooghs stoat toncommerce will endure for all time. The action at Chicago, think t e ought to be ]FJTbrts are being made to unite toe party at Balthaara upon a new man and a moderate pUifarsn. The sarins who have the matter in charge, and are srrangtag tot programme, hare not yel indicated who ths prateroverthrow tbe government, out of pure love tor the African race, who repudiate their in- terference and luxuriate in the maintenance and protection for life which the laws give them, and for which the white slaves of Eog- land sigh in vain.Tbe second fact which is worthy of attentionin connection with the slave trade is, that theslavers are chiefly fitted out in the Northernports of the United States, where the anti-elavcry sentiment is most rampant, and wherethe affiliation with British abolitionists has alocal habitation and a name, but where the will come laden. The programme, as we said, publican serensdes last night. Wealthy ctUsens say bet- slave traffic is connived at for the profit which is now completed, and we but await the ter police regulations mast bo maintained. If theseeat.However, though our summer sensations bebut brief and transient, they will have a bill. If that falls, then toe bill reported by toeofficers to Washington Territory, Labrador and the Hudson Bay territory—the former, we believe, start from this city to-day, and anotherThe steamship Anglo-Saxon, tram Liverpool 9th, viato answer criminal ptotecatu'c. and three ethers were ien;p;raj!!ysuspendedfrcmduty, thechargeienbrace petit lMceaie* cnly—the report tnat th» ar:used were ergeged in the late robbery of Grant {.Co * sius store, being unfounded^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^Another Wjaterj-.I'MBrrr, May 19 I860TLe bodv of a respectably appearing tnaa, evidently a seaman, w«h tie name of P Youeg ca the wa'eu poctet of biapanu.wastaken fromtberlrerSeretr>day. Tne itqueet is art< ysaee Uil Itoooay, for the parpote »r o'sThere was qu'te • accw atcra: as U!s -oca:it} '.ast ( ^wai a. a^utThere has bees a raxaor circulating about here tor toecoin In the next campaign.IDS luiTjMom onswnanoa.one of the members of She committee, has reported at amendment adopting too Senate bill. The firstwill be, when tbe bill comes np, oa adopting therages are repeated, they fear that the opposition ia C JOgreat will defeat all appropriations for the beneflt of toe David The city election comes off tae first Monday to Jans, ani- --. www.fultonhistory.com 