 -it was made up from the foreign regiater It was delivered to the Receiving Teller after it wasad a wUta an were la d»ag«f •! drowslafwkllomanoatofUmwater. Ittanotuliieo»Uo^'Of- thateiore. ihat»hilo ao Me only cmuM of oongratuii- MoaUtkls•oDoerfulioereMeoftrt-ie.I*"^"•''5?^.Toa dM aot awtaat yaaa«lT«i wtik tta IMIan as fail• plecopacy. Oa the first grooaiis, It Imp-Mas apej wbo takaa awa) tbe alas af Ibe wotM aad ia new 22rJi222S7a.aa^ ; '—leadat wraaff<aBT tMk fiaa tka fUlatUr sewrtfarlsadeaazeeatlSB,lo aaeStaphaaJ.Terhaas.aa« that It waa taken aader an attacaneat issaed axsiasibimwmtk feu tkat s re«l ABU-8l»r«tT M«1<H,great lalaiaad atlU detains-toBwna it«>kea we cm, but not te oi.treMoui^CTe>tioa,-ne see oolT tbo <ree «i>d In elUgent Eag- IMfimUlei »b<jthriTe upon lie w»g«i whlchtbejoavow aad to la«A IM^hy particiaar desiga of Dl-LAWIBM FULTON BANK DEFALCATION.we would adro- cato arery aieans wltbia raasoaable limits to quickenthese diamonds mostly cams in headand sometioies, p«rnaps, we reflect for a so near occurring. At the Femberton Mills thatIt was his duly to maiie entries in the bookCamden anddestructionmoment on the nattue of the disaster which was;;complalMs and insurrection In the rest of our States, anx'eiy. Tbe Cmpemr, Inspired by a deroti in which suspicious,rangeail the way from tlto $12. aadhigherThe Fan af tke Pembcrtaa nuk fVoM (As LoHd»n Tones, Jen, 30.Uhongh AiDcrica is the country of portentoua, ao catastrophe so dreadful as that bow re- Majesty, In the name of theCITT MABKXtS V0> TXI WBgX BVBIIS savaa XbaOns. Taala. Aaap, gamfc, would b ndcrowded darlag tha arhalaafw;ap tke blsck ibu'i Ick before ke mall dnwiM tuthegioryafiearaaaaaBd yawatder, ralaiag Ueus a which we shall tiiit bet leara to (hy M Mf Ineaeoltwibelee produce. Lord BEOoouiii »Be« pnly theS3l«bor»ri who. on ihe oUor ilde of the AUmUc,Blek the cotton p..d« In sleety. Lord BionoBAK de-Sorea that In <tiis tremeadout tvporktloB 01 m thoni- Christ our Lord. Instructed bv your te«hing, ao 1o«er f ooi t,i)d for apmtoal tbiog* an-i wbici coacern Caart af Oyer aad Termlaer—CaasHeaee* some of it had such an as that an ordi- appearanceVaaderpeel fordeleadaaLDedalaaaa COMMOB rLEaS—epiouLudthe prvBt foearaillioni of pouoiO at ootloa ttie Uoa't ihare ofThus, la the encveiical letter of the IS Ji of Jaaoarveach of usougbttodo energetically what depenled for aay calamity so appalling aa the dlsaiter on him to merit mercy rather th&n instlce.following gentlemeawereimpaa-at lAwreace. In the manufactuiing settlementSuch are the things wbich, among others, we an- says:" This sadoccurreace,which causes Jobs B. Ecsi, Foreman, $'Ji Ward. the and th««p.profound C. L. Norton, Otb Ward. C. S. Beardslcy, 9th Ward. On cross-examination, witness admitted he had Of the 3.250 fresh bullocks receired dnrtng thisao called, and sltnale on the Merrtmac River, swered to the ve;y great Emperor oftbe Frenchand sorrow to the Emperor, was anticipated for some John ClS'k. 20ib Ward. Ward.John b. Clapp, isib Vttji. C. V. Martine, 9th tranl. T D. Abbo:t,9ln Warl.The case wasIdentified anot.'ierWil'iams.; whom week,person. (Henry 2,341 were taken le thethe fol- tbe sup- kind of disaster was ac^alJy witnesjed. Toe pression of CVmvcre, Mgned by tiis Minister of thoRailroad,Aauwy Railroad,;five stoiles of the building l«ll m, one alter Inteiiorpublishestohlskanawritinganother, opon tbe beads of COO or 7uU work- people who were assemoled at their trade, and the living and the dead, with the fractured beams of the edifice and the heavy Ijoncvorit of the machinery, were p-ecioitated in one miss to theround. Hon many Inund their deaths on the instantI £piitwe coliec^el at Newark; ted the was butbroke'S concluded that t-e;sUll unknoon, out it isoniy too well known thatthey who did so we/e the most fortunate of the rlc- Church and of civil society are established.of the smallera nomoerthe work of numaLity to t>e carried on tbe The throughrtniuerv, heedless of the gnage was used, but tbe demonstrations against tbe paper; the defendant had charge of tbat; he received especially,Bnpremo Canrt. BIFOBB JD8TICE HOrFUkB.yards momlAgmenced early on that day, and belore night near.y t»o-tnirds of tne cattle, including about ail of tha better grades, had found purchasers at over He. ad-The tabtlc. It apptors, was unsoundi it was never ofprtMlecehsoracause to beaufflelent airength to support the weight deeigsed for OUT national tradltlona.unless It isTee mueh care eaaaot beecuted at Newcastle, DeL, for themurder of Joua W.waslo the nank by another bookkeeper, and enteredThe Ptriesuppreased.Art II. Our Minister of the Interior is charged with the execution of the present decree, which will be in-serted in tbe Bulletin (tee Laie, 7Done at the Palace of the TuilerRs. the 29lh 01eI.asltu^W^'t^ltShfihs^lVr^d^*^;,'^ '^„ on tbe lOtb nst p my last tJ.Mr. C. Rockwood. najsed therein, Newark Banking Co.; the iodorfementof the letter,were deposited with theM head of small Mlchlgaa cattle of 61t owL at 81ili^ All aold on Tueaisy.I. BosLoaa aoW, oa Tneadar. 14 head of fair 7 cwt. State cattle for W. D, McPBaaso-v. They brnughtthroughout expendedFKAMCE.denounces the efibrta of Sardinia toprereat tbe Savoyards from expressing their dealre for aaaexation.friends for their cbrn- no more lu this world, which u truthby of and that is In thenthoffor safetopsThe Bonne was •n 2d at «Tf. «0e.January, 16*0. (Countersigned)NAPOLEOff. BILLAULT,"o- 13 h oay of August IS59, near 8ed by the owner. Upon paying the usual it charges,ImproTlng. The Rentes doaedo'clock, I met handwriting»c. on aa araraga. Also, 17 Suite cattlefor Paaxrioa,**•Bappieaalaaefthe"CalTera.'*»HI rOFX'B nCTCMCAL IBTTIB. ^'^'VtuUHct af the Lonin Time:n— #7-,— Fasis, Sunday, Jan. 29, 1840. .iJp1-^!^7J"^'''^'" anencycUcal letter fromhe said 1 bad notis similarly drawn and In- teller when these checks weredisappearance, intrinsicvalue exercised the ordinary caro,heifer animal.ooald inaat, to orderpublio prsyanlafoar dloceaes.IChurch, addt^sscd to his venerable brolaera of thespiritual adviaen and guides, to the Lamh of God»* BxAoa * BkAT £old at Bers«i f" """^belongs;upon the Court, jury or temiiuuoy —being at peacewith all men. I ackoowleditc my grailiuie to Rev. evidence lo be proper and relevant It belagnawa ol the City and County, similar to hun'lreds of others each. And 16 Suto oxen, ratedlegitimateto us, to this Boly Seesover and, re! ar>ad&>*to our wishes and oar earaa. you hastened,ao absolute a M/e were Informed this problblrlon.ebinly wMehDavidThis wai; an ac'loa against tha defendant as Sheriffwhichverv fine Ohio steers of 10 cwt, which oroj^ ^j^^^extraor-that opposition. Vour Majesty will not;It, aad It aeeordtngly fell tn. All the superranlnc I em, wiih profound respect. Sire, of your Majesty mlsarlea atoae from two eircuaiataacea—tiia hour of the rery faithful and very obedient servant aad sut>-plaintiff onlypropertythe oeeurrenca, which enlnrlded with thetlBB of tite mill, and the accident of the fire, which, The Minister Secretary of State In the Departmentfendant's handwriting. Q. Does Itthe bank? (Objected to by Mr. Brady) Tne object to the wife's separatela tbe aatnral cenfaaloa of the aeena, la but too easi- ly iB^Ulgttato. A/lar the first eaaoalty, la fact, aU thehotTqr8.shoekJag aa they appear, might have been wttaaasM aaywhere. Let the calamity be a waraiogExeenilea ef a Mnrderer.of the ticket was te credit the persons entitled to thafendantG. C. & E. J. Genetfor defendantLlabllltlea af Wareheasenea. WBAT IS DUE DILIGBKCB7James Otren r». Anthony Thornton, el af.to maaafaeturera and architectsmaoe cut, for the purpose of placing tha credit was entered on a book belongingThe trade at Albany, on MuMlarlast was nltefor la addition to the large numbers wtdcb chaaaaa bands for this City, 1,100 were bought fat Brlghtf and oiher Eastern marketa.the world. on strscturee in which the Uras of hundreds are exposed day after day aalA tbe uaavoidable dangers of aiachiaery aadbrisk,madeworkingject BILLAULT,of the Interior."Tbe above report is followed by the subjoined Im- A tiiievi.AB, coNyEssioii—A waaxixa aoiutst proceedsestate.Tbe jury Immediately returned a verdict for de-mating weights was oa the side of the ssller, so that it Is quite likely a pertton of the cattle oost the buy- ers more for the dressed meat than they were ratedfiie broker.ly, having laid In a good supply one week agoof deTottoaaadlaTe wtaiokjwt addfaawd t* as. bat,levpect scrupalously oieerve. Batltaoeofaa»obitcehuntchem qaelkoaof faith, for tbe aetUement aaiaon^a< thePnueIseny attauluic wlH'a coolbrmable to Ika aacre4 canuos. andttlBir mwag ,gta piamealngs, HaltedStateaDlstrlatepiaroodniee,yoapoMlskedwiMmsfallofaoteaSa and of piety, oeleaolag eiMrgetleaUy th4 causa o oudWnk.nioat holylaughm, aad adaBattslaa tbala aeeord with the ualrefsal coaseat afnemarr: 'Baataaae e.eaa4 wtOfaipaverti 1^notb*Inaaa>>JCct to any Civil Power, he miyeiorclso ta ermpleta liberty, aad without hladr».ico thr»u«v oat the unlTem, the supreme charge of me Aposiolle Ulnuoy, which has been dirlaolv mtrusted to bim bys so glenousl; attscbed, says teituUI>'That St. Peter aid his saoeasanrs, viosri of lea'itCbriBt, and tbo whole Church lt»eir. have unlj receive*cus, with Bali. Black dt(3o., who testified thathad examined tbe jewelry seized ia taese cases, aud thatalinoat all ol the pieces had beea worn, thoui^incited by vour example. ttMj well-beloved cut .iron of;T. There aeemi to be condition, of every rank, of erery order, someUoae^a chance of its bacomlBg vona. If teaching to hundreds of thousaads, whleb, while ei- cannot prevent a free judgmentstsBdIng between the officers and tke younger mem-doaotseeourwaytoareme:Be^^ r""* P'Wk'CTCotrET.-JaryeaasasL aJ^.» .."'"~*^»"»a*<- TBBa.—Ksa. It. ta. K"who la already moTtag onwards In apiestiBg the mwt ardent seaiiiaeata of veneratloa and- Let us nut hesitate te express our full opinion.,"csiyiRS." The Ifsnifmr of Sunday, Jan. 29,01 the iKiok since he came to tbe Bank, in June, 185j;BergenErie Railroad, l,'<s;I ; Harlem 200 ;£b; snd on 31. footby foUowtngBudsoa Rirer RaUcMB, 1,981 ;lowing reportto tbeEmperor, relative;handwrlilng; it wa^ part oftbe business of tbeancounsel, defendant declining to do so under any cir-:;;obtained from defendant'spaperat the Wall street Ex-" Sias: The journal rCaitrerj h«5 made Itself In the periodical press tne organ of a religious party ihi^meaa it was a ;fashion ot tbe st"ckoperationspretensions of which are dally in more directAddressingVenice, recently,ers, even out of tno City;ilon to the rights of the btatetend to oomiijate over tbe French clergy, to alarm coneciences, to agitate the country, to uncermiue the fundamental baees upon wjucb the affairs of tnepaper payablewritingcompati- This open war waged against our mist .-indent na-state anything, as it might be used against bimnot have five hundred she would tell the officers where day.tlxns. Even this ciasb Itself was nothing inaoB with tbe second wblcb followed, as soon as tbe tional tracltionsis dangerous for religion iiself, which be ceded, nor sold, nor separated In any way from thenews of the cltasier got abroad, thoasands of peoplethe record of tbe cbarg'ng ol the paper to tbe bank to which It was sent was aiso recorded laYork Central transfer aRailroad,which are limited to onerushed to the rtscue, and for some hours tolledfuily, and not without success, in extricating suffer-ers from the mass of ruin. But a new and inoreshooklng alarm was presently given. As the early lul suDml.islon to tbe Holy See In the spiritual o>der. ever ofevening of Wlnlsr had closed in upon the scene, large The religious Pre:js has misunieratood the missiou It Is kno»n by everybody In Venice that this Ian- bonfires were lit in a circuit round the spot to enable of moderation and 01 peace which It bad to fuililLpatn-longGeotlemon,of Ic this lime,—in lessee of last week.at least le-leapecteaplaceItalypreviously sanctioned by thethatof his own; and that rates ofForandConsidering ArtHare decreed and decree as followsdecreeAugust last,o«t the foUowIng con-The foUosring eztraeu tram oar copious aetas32 of I7tk of February, 1892,the organic :of thew-as an action lo recover the value of a case ofsilk estimaled to he worth )S7I), toTkeArt I. Tbe journal ITaiecrs isIn riew Of .hegoods, alleged hare been lost while in the care of tbe defendants as warehousemen.theinunanimous approval of all theperial decreeNaroLxoa, by the Grace of God and the nationalwill Emperor of the French,To all present and future greeting.—On the proposal of our Minister of the Interior,LAOKK-BIIBOn Friday, the lOth inat., Johb Bowbk was ex- the credit of tbe party entitled to the proceeda tbat:BALOOS8.amount ta ;to the Re-its incessant eifuru"the defendant had chargekno« B, and from the Weststartait ahoifpiDnroefacuars metthem at arrout last fever increased, speculatiangd Bev.£ral oroveagf)e ytto-gork 9^\mt8, gtmr0bag, XcbrmtrB 16,iwtlbsaaaamMedrllegioua atl stjiPl^lBgLt a1cltliTkt One UnitaiSttann,aaSat tMCnureh.aaaksa sky^eUer »a(*by Gmz,e,eontmeedl^jemeby.Tt,CApiubdkaSIg.eU.mva..rkOende ftTayhir,oafbahlocbt-thleaedzaejanfdximimweataaIgssaaUaedtaUa<s,thleaai»-IrevBs'hy>Jusiice Cleite, a< las salt of Maassa.aa« t*dopkxe.We,«iidaaebuwe.who»refoQWa' sorerelgntyof\ba^tiimSCiarch.CoBataatiy ApoliUealquestioaaloneIsbareundercansMerm- TofoesFUa'-r'ecwheMlr,aaitothyfi<eii4aas-^aae.defeadlagthataaigiahuty, <*nmadeItaglurfte tlon.andaarhispomttheeompaiencyoftheCou-taicases were brodabt to a sudden termln^u.m tkia Sr79oUp.enTyhetakaecnU,onasIsstoantedic.lal beforjeaJdagsaaUaeastRomacovld not ua adaoltle* wtiaout dlstvuwiox ailrte trsdllloos of the Church of Fraiioe. The meraera- has been glTiijDtba Soiaaa PuatllT, m order that, hle aeclaratioa bf 168:1, ui which ihe namu of BossbsrTine PToTtdeaoabtbardlrtcU aad goreios all things, itREPORTS.The defeadants called asTiffany, of ibe firm of Tlftny * Co., ana Mr. M the Sa|,reaie Court aad la aot yetjouri|alnight £ltber liom ons of these, or througn some waininga given to 11, daily attains the extreme ilmiu Government increase, if possible, in boldness and tbe (JUcounted paper from the discount clerk, aod tbe.anexplaiiied, though not surprising accident, fire was of violence coomuslcsttd 10 the mass, and rapidly caught boldcollected paper from tho collectorof It. The >est we can hardly venture to descrihe. Imprlasaed in tbe ruins of the edifice, mangled byUie fan, tnit atili living and conscious, hundreds of izens.day, finding so few cattle oa band, this momln( hold, and before 3 o'clock, P. M., tne yards about empty. Perhaps the snow storm which aet tar^ membeitng the liability of a delsr ef cattle trains aafllasKScaiic- »?4C.«10C. 6c a 9e.mta and women were exposed to the most The tiue Interests of tbe shockingHungary, more serious.tbe en Ire entry of dlscouateJerty?Second— Did tbe defendant in tak- participateat noon tooay, hsstensouptraoaacUans, kutokarsas well as those of of dea bs. The flames enveloped them before the putiitc quiet, Imperiously demand that these excessesing aiid collectloDbills wss in radink; (witness proceeded to explain ing awayfrom the rcglsterthe mode of entries, andtheoolumos, tained a legal separation from him for alleged cruelthe adjacent Statea, the honor of the moat hare storybaeaIkoacalrahle. AtMew-Torkthepeoplelearnttbe Wa Dieca by ao that sueeeasiTe Inol- piece, ereryof those who seek to shake or religion againstdeat bad tlma to sink into tlie mind. First came theto the CCmveri the journal32d and hot before fiope could be weil fbrowd it wai cmsfaed to pronounce the sucpreaaion of that periodical pub-'Jc, -3 9Hc.Sc. ® «S«J. 7e. « So. 7c. a .Xc Ce. « »Hc;ceadaacy of the flames, and all the realities of the journal would llks to resuscitateaeeatomb. newMr. Hen, membar for Gateshead, has ua are not Mr. Cowna.Tbe PmI says the treaties of VlUafranca and Zurich are virtually annulled. The Western Powers hare commanded that 00 armed interventioa shall taketo ber with the plaintiff, and up to the marriagequality Poorest ouslltyeencrai sellingprlcoa.. fc. iSlOc.It la remarkable that, beyond the original fauitlnesswhole, as last week, although there were a few lots a deal ofevidence in relation to the purchase of of first-class bullock a, and a sprinkling of eholseIn the etiucture of the mill, no avoidable ordinary latallty can be traced la this terrible disaster.seconCcd it inshow yourself less anxious tlian youron M0 they pageto it are due those ardent polemics number. which lead infallibly to lamentable attacks upon its;Venre rs.This was an action in tres- vance from last week. 'The more tardy buyers of to-promisethem. It Is with thisPremium cattle In another column. Is there to indl- peared tbat tbe defendant bad acted aa the counsel First DiiaJiiylie10.. aiOXc.Hsjestyapplyplaced wife for a eate tiiat tke Bote had been received the baak and adviser of the plaintiff'sby;entry on page IGl of the register is In red ina,In tbe defendant's all tbe entrlafi on handwriting;page 149 are In tbe handwriting of defendant; scarplongtimeMedium quality;and tbe scandal of which is a source af deep sadness to the Clergy as well as to all good cit-AUSTRIA.There was Increasing discontent inprovocations,it was the de- fendsDt's duty to make record of the time of forwardfurniture. Tbe questions before the jury were —Did tho plainuff establish that this was hisFirstprop-objecteighth,;.toarticle of the decree of the 17th ofChurch,;in view that Itoof aa tbe day.which waswell malatained throughouta "tick mark wife, entry opposite.ap-tbe old Frenchopposed them; great Bishops at times powerfullyreceivingdefendant Uablo. unless thejurv believe he look some;com- propose yourCo.,i».<i»r.to principles consecrated bygoodthe furniture—the swearing it was bought by plaintiffnremidm beeves, which fouad ready aurdtaaais aiIrahatlob. ai.dnot tempo -al and civil tbl »<:)."Beat af tbe Trial afWIIiUsa J. Lane, Jr.,nary observer wuld not notice tbat It had been worn and that the amount of Jewelry was by ni means a,naueaa, porbHad state, ahaaU open her eyes«Ma, mcnta glre kersetf fair play by accepUng our•laiiTaa, aad aaadilnery, and, under tber aUmulujof a wko^Baome coiapatlUoB, should take to manufac- patrimony ol tbe blessed St Peter shall be preserved against it tbe mtrula ol many iodepeudeat men, who Ji?fP"^"'^''**"8"«w to a great extent aad thatiHlit "I>"a h large acala, then thete tbree mUiloas wU BOt he eaoogh. Fraace will be compeUng with aa latta foielga cotton markets, sttmaUUn^ '"UX."/'1"^ ;the loienin oaths which bind us, without ezcidng not give occasion, we are certain, to any legitimate Court and had mored to bare them sent :>ack to tbe duty Sessions. He was then notitied thst this case would be;tbat It was natural, therefore, for tke officers totion, and are firmly determined that no intervention shall be p<!rmitted.It was rumored tbat Ihe two Governments are de- termined to recognize annexation to Sardinia as the only true solution of the Central Italy tiuestlon.The Anstriaa Policy la Teaetlo.;Mr. Lane uad chargeat HiU came la the roatas:fo]lowi/!g language:learning quiteGsnTLXHXH:giveway;";drovesonthewetk's rates.they tiought of one another,cbaageo bands more freqaeniiy than shares of New-hopeso( the;Regis-Minister of the Interior.ABiin-orriciALcoaKiatontbclettxb. thatIwassick drankenoushfor antatbrought plump lOXo.The Consttrurionitel publishes the foUowiug article;again in and tookdorsedthat aad should nothadresponsible they were«_,, at 10c»iuJtc.aOTtn prominent typeI alio aod the »ec- obserred serorii me there la but ene hole through thara,law says" No bull, brief, rescript, decree, mandate, nrovtsion,did not wish to harm aim. We fought;this, TuoMas Fust, the baser, put a koife in my hand:sUgrr.». Al» "^ lirought lOMchange.record;and Diallers weredally growingit ?The it had ob- plaintiff's wife, appears,the authorities at;hear> market of last keeprear at hand, when the' state of the supply was bat:tberftJ.—duced bT •!>'• laoor. Inatead of tweotj-thrce mll- Inc. every means 10 lesUfy to us the saiae sanumeiits of a temporal tn'erest, but In tbe forms and w.trj toe Baaki ea tha flrat af saaay ladlecaeata family. With this testimony the defendants rested EeiuU B4metiet.—Qaemt'am be aasaeiad:lo the United States, mud has beenpro-the Catholic Church bare ia» en. aad are still alopl-It la tbe teuiporal Suvereian whoapeiaslu tkti niuielate Clerk te the Caahler of t«e Faltoa farlargeonelor such a family, eapeeiallyaMeai'^aaBbadt, Caere ra.He,, T». Bos,.—Default w—m tsHaae, the Dnifed fltmtei sow tout <u eight koadred Fnjm every partot t(.e Catholic world we have re and thlitr nKllioiu, and thli U all celUratad br celvtdlelter»,ibc number of which call sce-cely be aiaan. It !• Terr sad that thli iboald be ao, bat we counted, s'gbed by ecclesiastics and by Ulcs of everyparticular character which apaenaln ta the Hsadol the Church. 'There Is, Ihen.here, an abuse of juriadlct'na, which wlThuut dispeat<lhg us from a respectful defereace,their case.Tbe District- Atloraer thercupoa stated to the Courtvo. CoiwMa.—Moiioadoalsd.——EMbcBzIeaeat aaa Fargery.In tbe Court of Oyer and Terraiaer, Judge tbat tt was evident tbat (hare had been a misuadsrCaleBdar....TBns»aT, Fsfe. IfctS3»» Ja«Mi aliltk Um' eeasamptioa of cotton In England m>nires Btlons of your sentiments, aad of tbe seaU- a'lenkted from that unity of which Rome is tneceatra. llahment aad sukseqaeat cireamstaaees led them to manlMJlaied about thisjawelry, and moreover wkea CesHoB PLSaS far«L—Nas. 2]'l, SJI, Jji 5 loga"^Wrfn^ adTantages, eaa actually afford to take the Baagal cotton tiem the growers and send it bick to theia la yaiaa aad pieces cheaper than the; can make It as. So, alao, thooaaads of square miles In Chinaare eeycred by the cotton plantrelalvetothe rehellious p'ovlncea of our PoollBcaldominions, the very exalted Kmperor counsels us torenounce tbe post^etsion of those same provinces,findlrir In such renunciation the only remedy for the ing talmself, as lo the days of Boxirics TIU. andla- of the Bank, with latent ta defraud the Bank of the case any further. present disorder of affairs."erablsWednesday. Tbe yards were cleared oatBight, but a few hiudted more bollacfcs wouldless bare brought oown the closiag rates BsatatlaUr. As itis,;may ptrhapa repeat the same process there. Africa,Afer remarking that it was Impossible for Um to remsta silent after such advice, his Holiness con- tinues: _The DUtrict-Attoraey was a<-with SB acoiiittalef Ibe but goads,and some day weKocani XIL, the aibltrator of political Sovereignties!sum of gfilS 75.sisted by Messrs. Charles O'Coaor aad John E. Bur- rili, who hare been retained hy the antbonties af the Fulton Bank, aad the priaoner was defended Messrs. Jamea T-Mr. CutUng said that Us duty as counsel endednppUes of meat from the free purchases Us(opsosi- the Lieutenant of Austria, Count Bissaaoxn, used the the out of the City of Now-Vork tbeup4>n Ibis subject, sa:d to meAusiilan monarchy, nor detached from tho Empire as; tke entry on the book showed to wbotn the paper;defendant said he knew stie bad made some threats, but he thought she had notit compromises by mixing it up with passions un-worlhj of It, by associating It with doctrines irrecon-cilable with the duties of patriotism, which theFrench Clergy has never separated from its respeci- tbe actual system, In wnich there In no need whatso- cellected;As It the brokers made a chanced,as we have a musket to defend It"tbe Government will persevere wim resolution Ingreat European Practically such a condition isthe nothad noall the fumitura, but most of theera.absolute non-intervention.plaintiff'sDawun, at Delewarebefore his exscuUon he wrotechar^ied first In the dehlt cash book, and afterwards in the account—Thisfessionyou ia Cashier of tbeof tiansactioas tlu day, wUl gtre Has distant darlagreader some idea of the ebaractarof tbe sales:T. CEastaaa sold *» UUnols ataars for 1, a, Lowa- aoii, ^ good geab, rated 74« fta., at 971 eatih. The:letters show ma. marked 2 and 3, are in defendant's writiag;;;;(No. 7) also a check,he asked mewe went„_ sold 47 Ohio steers, of rery MMCity, inThe dsymy aged mother, relaUves and testimonydefeadants on keeping, and on the Ist of April, of tbe following year, were demand-am S?'',Ti,V°"'eT"'"^ 1'17„'*fort when Iin tbe fan the night of defendant, except tho signature,handwritingthattwo or three drinks together, where we observ-I waa paying:to tbe illusions and called in the Banka conversation with defendani after his arrestTory eyes of their relatives and countrymen, and con- should be put a stop to. A Government foundedsumed tbem wiiUe their voices were still heard and the national wLU does not fear discussion, but it U its Latest by Magnetic Telegraph to Galwar. aud the oraer in wnich they were entered ;) the date treatment after firat arresting and imprisoning htm. Taking the average of tha antlra transactionsupvnrecogalxed in unaraiUng shrieks for protection. As duly 10 protect eflicaciously public order, tbe inde- tlie telegraph flaahed the tidings of the cataatrophe to pendence of the Stale, the authority and the dignityFeb. 4.of the note referred to in tke Indictment, on pige—After the she ordered her furniture lo be sold arrest,ef this week's market yesterday's sales being iucludedahoek of llis aceldap t, tbea the dataila af the raacuaby the ttesh inteillgenee of the conflagration, the as- lleadoa. The doctrines and pretensloiis which that Tlce-Prestdeaey of tbe Board of Trade, racatad by that time was the Newark Banking Company the timeof the teparauon.,PoorFebruary, 1823,;tka name of our corresponding bank at Newark at prioramongmonarchy always energetically''the of the sale did not make the proceedsof all sales.... SJie.« 9e.LosDO.1, Saturday,No. 14S of tbe Regiater, ia Ang. 1, 1839, the by Uenry H. Leeds A Co., the ancUonesrs, as herIn those ol and selling down mose of to-day,ed severalThe Sovereign Pontlffhas just addressed an encyc- sorts of games or plays, and most of the ond'teller's checks are only put oa one book, leaving have been:persons;""acceptedthaaaMalaMlbjwa.e of lager-bler aalaoir%dllgbt wagoas,$tM,taaos. *a.It waake < the mind, nella the 'Oanc-Fek. IS. Baroaa^oaoa ania.laoasaaa presiding, tbecase of William J.^^^ S2, 5J, SJ, 4«, M, S«. St.in poiiession oMhis jewelry, to them seeostag to be of (srBaai Coti«T-CucniT -pjrt /^Oyw aa* tar- iM. 317, 4n, loi, „.2, 4,0, ^:\i?,- ,•??; *?•; gj; gfc;eign notes of Ihe Fulion Bank:he suted that he had won thesme,l, JOHNJ.BOWSN. pactagtmarkedLizert;eoHtaoimgjcwirt Tnoae poraaanee That wasHl\, 441, i2I.enge that truth In publlshMt writings. Tnean striking ixt the eccieaias'lcal power," that whole ns'lous vvere amount of (W.OOO had taken place la their estab- relucunce aad even Indignation at the Idea of being 608. SIC, If 58, 196, —4S4, 40e, 4M, 124, sit, 49moreover, established with much force and kao<v.- trims of the dcciaration of IfSl, Kings and Suvereigaa standingthe conclusion that the Clerk to tke Cashier,ofataaklBd aaes tbe globe, all of whom can be most of gold la the annals of the Catholic Church, have eneo fur such distractlous ever to arise froia a 'trasslng Mr. W. J. Laae, Jr., whose father, Mr. W. J. to assist tbem ia getting their baggage through tbe Ififig, 170B, 1709HMrthhanKtaeeof Georgia and South Carolina. Thekaa joat made Is but a slugle leap, which maf be re- menlii ol the fal'bful, worthy of all bnaor and of all TbabSs to heaven, we are no ionirer in tbe times1Iia«>ad.lBdtlUtelT. Tnete are a thousand mlliloas piaise, aad wbich will rsmtla lascrl>>ed la letters of acbbma and heresies;and our epoch Is too en'lght-them to be what are caUed in France commieeJ^ree,eoaUeitabiT ejad In cottoa. Erery year new trioea caused OS swtdi emotlan that we could not Inourjiy, mleonderstRndlng. was 'tha Custoas bouse, aad finding them suddenly chaaged guilty from frieads to foes, this naturally ncreascTthe gj,,m Tbeie Je oTary reason to beUere that the of our Lord Jesus Christ, tbe Father af Merer aad tude wbich has been forced upon Pius IX., under cir- party. Lane, Jr., was aeoordlngl^ arrested, his young men's IndlgnatiOB, aad out of this ttwSblsan-mmt aaw aatlens are added to the category of cottou- refiBlB &t>m crjinn out Blewed be God, the Father But U is lmi.o»6ible for us not to deplore the atti- Lane, Senr.,Cashier, wasLIVE STOCK B1ARKET8.God of ail Coasolatlon, who consoles us In our tiisa- i.tiOB.'"as- derstaaclng kaa arisen.alleged, Be farther aatd tliat the oIEcers stood ready ta re- WsMreaasT Bs agiaa, Fab. IS, liMLThe Papa tbea allndea to the Imperial letter** Recently, aa many of you already know, the Paris""toe, la aialaes na cotton. Dr. LiTiNasTo:«a found a coun-try la which the growth was indigenous, and whereAe dllefk were verr anxious to be taught ho^ to cul-tlrate it fbr an £uropean market. There is no lack of In tbe apostolic liberty of our soul we clearly aad af er the war of Italy, we find Rome bent under the" We hastened to reply to the same Eosperor, andcra hera with that comingBiady, la said of gold that no eiibstance in nature Is more adt.-eie to that counsel : because, considering our dig- Father Lacoanarax so justly considered a cause of Recotder Tallmailge.lads aad climate where cotton could be produced. It openly declareu to bim that we could In no manner Infiiience of Austria,widely diffused and more omnipretent ; but, unfor- nity and that of tbe Holy See, it was atieuded with dec lae and fall of the Holy See.Mr. Sedgwick, Assistant Dlstrlct-Attoraey, harlag called on the case,t(nteauchaGoTemmeataaours;thathe said this be supply,remained under the impression, wiiich had been his wbo bought droves on the way have recovered someef:cumstances when Tbe spirit of conciliation appei^od booksart if I' ought fo alloy itself so well with the augustcharacter of tbe Holy Father. Is it not aad to aoe In sured. His atyle of living, his fast horses, his ladles, peat their reralon of the occurrencea at the ateamor, The effect of last week's otersapfiy ef estaa,aadgnnly of this onlTa-sal necessity will for many yearsn{b eoaefall to keepptce wtth the demand, aad,la taaiatefestofthat large class of our eouatrymenIs wkoaa cocon ts breed, we mast conttnue to hopettm^ Bia United Statea will be able to supply tis la journal eautled the Mardtew published a lettRr of tka eternal cause of the Church mixed up with and low- were ceitalnly no proof of his guilt but went streng- but if tliey did ao, the Gerernmont would hare to day. The receli>ts far the week were 1,4M laas tksB T«aR w coDO with twice aa much as w« bought of Emperor of the French, replying to a le t«r from u«, ererl by inerests so Utile worthy of it, and associated come back to ilu qaealioB whether the jewelry Waaaarl his^ "I^attiaimisa opfaaother market," says the A.nti- to protect with b>s powerful patronage, In tbe Coa- oh'V maintained themselves by tbe arms of Adatria, agaloat bim. Six indictments were found by a former party ; that the statement of Mr. Gorozpe, who last year. Tbe geaeral weight aad qoalUr were aka Slpyary people. So s»y we all. We know rery weU grt-ssof Psris, the integrity aod In^iolabiiity of the and could not return there except at her back ? Grand Jury ef this Court against him, which were re- seemed to hira a perfectly fair, frank man, desirous below tbe prcrtoua market The daelias of laat waafc Oat fiiapoaslbUity of Krowlng cotton tsnotcon&ned temporal dominion of the Holy See. and to free It In fact one of tbe reasons given in the letter oftbe mitted by Judge Roosevelt to tbe Geaeral Sessions, only of tbe truth, must be taken as true ontkiapoiat was mora Ihaa reeevesed. Ihe agisaiMi aaAexamined,criminality,it isso grave a document as that of which we speak the his luxuriant domicile, filled with costly faraltire, and to ooatradict the young men in a groat measure, tke decline la was price,quiterlsihle la the ta- yar^aaaia yean past. la which we earafstly prajed His Imperial Msjesty with tbe fortunes of those Princes, who, in Italy, ly (n correboratiaa of the auspidoas aatanaloed meicbandise or the personal parapheraaiia of th>s last week—2.700 less thaa the weekly average afNew World. The plains of Bengal grew cot- from a criminal rebellion. Repeating In bis letter Pope for refusing tbe separation of the Romagna is, and tbe Grand-for the Gorernment had no meana of contradietuig it, ycaiartey Jury of Ihe present term, It Is aader- f?'j!? ^" '"* ^ "T that he thought It irastrae. to^laybelag Jie.0 3ie.Va ,aa Iba aMtaatad gsaaaadto tfeatoa befara Coicaacs was bom. and me, with our me- certain advice which a short time before he offerftd us that be could not abdicaie tbat portion of his territory^ day placed at the bar charged, oa one of the recent the Court to >pend any more time la Iwarlag tha alS- head this week would hare carried the rates la a Here we have, then, the Head of the Churcn mak- inoictments, with making a false entry on the books cers give their reralon of the atorr. or o»r.a»a—a-rliawac tih~a higher figure, but butchers have carried over et^tt-without " rfsrnmelit to the nghle of tke Frencee n/ /roljr, vkn have bem unjustly deepoiled n/ their djmaine."stood, have found over twenty more. He was yester- lie did not therefore, tntnk be was justifiea ia asklag waight OtdiaarUy, tbe assail aambsf at catbatula theoretical arhitrstioa, which lu our cay woulo be the most dangerous prerogativebe deemed it his duty as a ettlsea to aay that be Wifwd this cass wonld teach tbe officers of the Castosu hare to treat forelga-And, mark It wellfor Ibe Papa' y, is, by a straage contrast, only theIundeniable pro<if of his*de[;endeBcyfor, before asregard for their coDrenleace aad that decent respect which ought always to cbarac-the butchersowners who came oa;by aad Ex-have got just abora tbeir aeaded here have gone hoaie cause. Hit had aot been for ttils case, be should have satisfied with the advance reatlied, aad speeulatara—under that influence wbichR. D.Holmes,taaately.It is diffused under conditions which malte insurmountable diflicuitles, and considering our sa- We i-houlIt aaldoia_potstble to win it with a profit. 80 it Is of cred cbsracter, ai:d tbe lights uf tills same 8ee, which feel the san position assumed by tbe Papacy coniag Mr. Holmes to ment of foreigners by urbanity and kindness. HecMtaa. The conditions unaer which It becoiaes do not belong to the dynasty of any Royal family, forward to restore against tne popular will Princes objected the trial taklag place oa hoped that thuceforth there would be a change ia in rather more freely, but ts a market llltie better IhaB arailahle fbr our markets are not often praseni in the but to all Carbolics. And at the same time we de- who, hiring fallen at Soiferino, had no other refuge that day, the defence not being prepared. He stated tiiis respect He understood the remarks of tiie Dis- for come time past, a—nd large nombera areln tbayatds wffld cotton which our traTellars discover: nor are claud that we could not surrender what does not tbun tbe baggage-train of Austria. This position de- that a stipulation had beea entered lato by which trict-Attorney to mean that he desired a certificate of awaiting purchasers supply,10iyFrench Catholics who could notlie'ore, that this port was characterized ia its treat-tbe losses of previous weeks Milch cows hare eeaaaVeal calrea are In fairihsw la he immediately supplied. Remem'Mr thaef- belong to us; and that we perfectly uaderstooi ceirestre hopes of all those who would tiavo 111:0.1 to either of the six prerions indictments shooid be tried probable cause in these cases, and this be had no ob- but with a good demand, aad some of extra qualitytav whleli the Fraaeh hare made to produce cettoa that the victory which might be accorded to the re- fee. the Head of Cbristisnlty resume the presugt o'. bis first and all the six disposed of belpre any of thoss jection to, oa condition that other articles taken fromla Algeria, the enermoas prizes they offered, the volted of the iEmllia would be a stimulant to com- political power in bit union with regenerated Italy. Mr. Lixaidi, not embraced in this suit would bs re-Iirie<a at which the; bought op all the produce, tbe mit tte same attempts to the native and foreiga The encyclical letter will doubtless serve as a rally- recently found were take'a up. They wore prepuei turned. canWittwhichfabricswerepreparedfromthesecot-dlsturtiersoftbeotherprovinceswhentaeyIr^gpointformanypassionswhichharenotbiuKtogoon,witheitheroftheothersix,butwerenot TheDistrict-AltomeysaidhehadsupposedthePricesare2Ac.«ll7c.Vheadbetterthaaiaatweak. toaa at Booen and exhibited at the Paris ExhibiUcn,ao4 then Bote the miserable result after so asaay years of anttdal protection. It wlU come erentually; asIhaeottoawBLtaof the world press hearily aad more kaar*flylt mast come. We shall hare cotton fromladia, nom Chtaa, and from Africao*htr things, we caused it to be made ksown to wrongly endearor to abuse the authority of wis doc- the sanje that we cannot at>dica!e the aforesaid prov- sment and Its renerable origin. We do not fear that inces of our Ponilficsl dominions without violating they will succeed, for the policy of the Empero- canwas due to the officers to say that aitlcles, diamonds especially, hare got Into this country to a large extent without parment ofshould witness the success 01 tbe rebels. And, among Fiei'Cb or Cbrisiian about them, and which will rcauy u proceed with tbe otoers.counsel would abstain from comment, but afier he had It is diSicuit to the distant leader a clear idea eCUr. Sedgwick denied taat aay such stipulation had been made. The counsel for the defendant had but a few days ago pleaded to indictments found In thissaid whst be had, iigivethe prices at wbich sheep sold, as they are lumped ypoff at so much per bead for. a given lot, and the aiza, weight and quality differ so greatly that the prices Vforwithout dolce an injury to all Catholics, and, finally, for ten years bss never belled itself one single dsy, be called oa that day. Toe indlctmoat which tbe In just tbe way that this jcwe'jy oid, ani It was due itlll for aome extra animala. The best ire ehatMa de*«lo|>meBt. Wa would aot erea aak wbetaer to without weakening tbe rights not only of the Princes first counseled to tbe Pope reformn which might have prosecution BOW sought to try was substantially the to them to say that thsy considered the whole de- da ia lataadaoe cottoa culture upoa a large sea e into Africa ot Italy who have been unjustly despoiled of their do- saved the integrity of his domlnioas. Those coun- same as those whlca the defence were prepared to meanor of these young men to be an eadearor to con- to estlnute the lire weight which long piacttoe eaa*try, and tbetsfore they most be substaatiaUy prepared ceal the articles and to brlog them In unperceired. bles one to do pretty accurately, aad dividiag tha raiaed by alare labor. But eren Lori BsouaHiH Universe, who could not see with indifference the la- ahd DOW it seems no longer possible to lead bick tbe to delend It Judge Bcrrs said he thought there was force in that grou price by this, gives the price fl a., live weight.^tDaU be to secure that African cottoa would not be mains, butslsoof all tne Princes of tbe Christian sels ware icjected the evil has become ;aggravated,svaaM aot ask n» to beliere that there is any proxl- trod uciion of cei tain most We of the unless them Mr. Taiimadga contended that the prlsoaer could view of the case. The young men unkno wnpemlJous principles. popula'lons Romagna compelling being a of fairquality, aadforce. not be tried on two indictsaents substanHally the here, and taking no measures to make tiiemselves Thus, today, light sheepThe Emperor thousht that it was more advantage- same. knows by respectable parties in the City, aad aot weighing 80 to «0 lis. alive, sold for $4 sa«$5. aUne-growBcottonofAmerica.Ifthisbeso,ofwhat cortberecentattemptaatrebellionhavebeenexcited ousforthePopetogiveuptheRomagnathantore- Mr.Holmesarguedthatthetrialoughttolake mentioningthattheyhadthesearticleswiththem, makingtheprice9%,oflireweightaboatfiSfa. nas eaa 11 be te make irritating speeches in the House and accomplishtd at Bologna, Ravena, and other conquer it at the cost of the blood of his subjects by place In the Sessions, becauae If a juilgment against and being also young and feeling tbeir own Import- Others of superior quality, and weighing, say, liO ft8.«' lope that the free cotton raised In Atrlcawill, did not omit to observe that Ills Maje&ty was not Ig- > any reasonable time, drlTe out of culture the norant by what men, with wiiat money, and what suc-byof Lordaagatnata B<ate of things by which we are while the towns,of tbe whichre- In no-interrentioti. He said so to tbe the defendant should be taKen to tbe Supreme Ccurt. ance, the officers were quite likely led toforeign sincerely greater went or 6c. to 7c.Vgreat majoritypeople theya. Tits better araaiH ana of such illogical minds as to be incapable wise expected, and which they were by no means Chnich aadof Ihe Sortreign of Friace. Tbe Pope (Isoa^BAM) was a member, they would (lad one-third the young men themselves, there was nothing la the quality and the higher the lire weight the higkar wiltceateat to profit T Lord BaouaBAa and Lord Gtar mainedFather in a letter of tbe eldest Son oftbe GeneralTerm, for rerlew, of which the present Judge strictness. But he must say, that on the evldcBce of at$7'St9, worthythadatiaBa t Iret us create sew fields of produce If wefrequently both In the St&tes of Europe and elie-have the power to make her desert her taak of mode-Mr. Taliuadge said thay would withdraw their plea ot not guilty, and plead in bar of trial ttiat there was another indictment pending in another Court ofK. O. WHITB.our former repms, ana from staBsties gataaiad at; hat,eeawhile,it Is neitherjustnordignifiedeaatobay thla raw nateiiil from the Amerlcaas, aad to Wileflwm for producing it.where and no one could use it as a ;ration and protectien.AtRome ahe would stitl, ifall thestuplfiedat thoserisings,Holy*>. realized. A 200 Ik. sheep leadllr aaalhiilaiiia which stimnlates the produce of siare- And, Instmuch as the most Serene Emperor jects it Tke Judge remarked that the same rule wonld ap- allow these articles to cone ia without paying duty. eoBimaads 6cS9c. fl *-, aad often nrnch mors (TOiwa AaMtleaa cotton. They are neither of them, thought that these provinces were to be abdicated by We are far from contesting his right to do so, and ply te any case to be tried in that Court But, If fur- The jury thereupon rendered verdicts for the claim- Lire bogs are not arrtriag very bot thereofaadetataadiag that it is the demand of the English distMxed to follow. was at liberty to follow or reject that advice. He re- of the Court against them. conduct of the officers other than a strict desire not to be tha price ^ffW apprehend, so reckless or ao wicked aa to wiab to us, by reason of the seditious movemenrs which were we hare the conviction that tbe advice of France will nishing an affidavit, the prisoner's counsel would claaaaarfaetoriea aad throw some two millioos of excited there from time to time, we opportunely re- never be turned into meaace or constraint show they were not ready, ne would grant a postpone- oarmaaaftcturtag population out of bread. Why, to him that this argument hid no value, because Thus, tbea, the duty of France is fulfilled. The In- mentttna,ftaaeloconae^uentandtiieseirritatingdeauik- frtlpicrdovedtoomuch,assimilarmorementatookplace justicetowardsher,howevergreatitmaybe,willnot Mr.Sedgwickopposedanydelay.ants in both^casea. ^^^^^^ freely, ay- pears to be a slack demand, ao that laeNarwalk Baak Affair. adraace prcriously quoted is barely mslatslasd UNITEDBTATI8COKHIgglOirBB'SCOUST—BBPOBE Tbefollowingfigures,earefollyeomplladtroalegitimate argu- ment to reduce the possessions of a civil Governmentneeds be, defend tbe Pope against anarchyHenri) P. Porter, a Cashier at Adams' ErpreasCity yards, inclading tha cattle sold dlraet to batchera at Bergen, giro a foenparaare view ol thabut ifNeitherhareweornitedtoremindtbesameEmperor thepoliticalauthorityoftheiiolyFathereverywnere competentjurisdiction—Uie GeneralSasslens—for Company,teatifiedtothefactshehadalreadyde- pastmaiketsoniuesaadAowtha:that be addressed to us a letter of a rery different else is destined to through o'.ber ciiaes, the going for paper, writing a short letter, and handing It which brought us consolation and not afBlciion. And has done everything to obviato them, and which will sions, and enter a nolU prosequi to the indictment with a note for »3,(100 to be discounted, to be forward-resp.)n- kind from his last, before the war in I'aly—a letter slbllity must not full upon the generous nation whichtailed, respecting the person at the ask- calling office,tOTAL BZCXinS OB UTB STOCK AT AU, TBI WWW-from tome words in tbe Imperial letter published Inbe aiway a to readythat which is trusty supportpending there, so that every obstacle that might exist ed to tbe Norwalk Bank. He w&s woU satisfied tketo the proceeding with tkls esse in the Oyer and Ter- defendant was th»miner might be removed. During his absence the de- Detectives' office, after his and the more he" 3,2S0the aforesaid, (the Jfon>r»r,l we prayed his journalIgnoredtoday."grant ^^^^^^person; be saw defendant at thearrest, Brevioua week.. _ 4.690aU»u 01 bis own good and his own nenefit be shonidDeath af the Grand Dmcheaa StepbanU ef Bmden.Fnmi Galignani'a Meeeenger, Jan, 31.looked at him the more lie was convinced be was the man.completelcly remove our apprehension. Moved byyear 3,014of beeres for 18StI.iwa 3,afS t40this paternal charity, with which we are bound to watch over the eternal safety of all. we recalled toExpress ^^eekly arerage of beeves for 1856opin-We regret to announce the death of the Grand lea as to the guilt or innocence of the accuaad could the calling for paper to write, and to the fact that he Weekly averageChurchythat in consider-fence had consented to proceed with tke trial, and had already commenced impanneling a Jury.This was no easy work, for seventy-three jurors»,g«J S,9n 9,'.!92 IJSU »,6gl 6.9Mas strong as they could be" that tbedefecdsiit was the man referred to. 17,323. This is an oecrease of 3,Si9 wholly of bserefhas erer occurred wlthia the limits of theValaau Wedoubt,indeed,whetherIn anycountry,or la aay age, so many human beings hare ererpes' lahed so terribly by an accident of ordinary his mind that we all should oneUfa. War may produce parallel scenes of horror, a strict account before the tribunal of Christ, and ua-but Itw ajinala of peace may be Marched in Tiia deiKoamest severe judgment and tbat therefore, at Nice on Sunday altemoon, at l)t o'c'.ock. Tne and a half theSamedayhave to readerbe sworn. Both the prosecuiioa and defence cx- haoatcd their tiercmptory caaileages. In two hoursrespecting of beerea for lgS7one Totsi numtier of lire animals of all ktoda receirad\W.H.l'»ngl)aru.28th son-in-law of the I'hilo SchoCeld. lOtn Ward. Oliver Bryaa 31st Wari.VV'aahingten Vanda.Duchess Srsrnaiiia of Baden, which event took placehad In velope,hand a letter In a common yeUow en-week at the New-York (Xty yard^Ifenifear, In giving this melancholT Intslligence, aeled:be saw in a private room in the Post-offii;o. He saw Forty-fburth-streetmilla, as larg9 apparently iis the moat capa- you, and to the nhote Catholic universe, in order trial Grand Ducbess. had arrived on the orevlous evening; O. R. Ueb<>ard,aotn Ward. G.W. Rendrlcka.IOmWard. bim only a moment, however. He observed he had yards, at the terminus of the Erie Railroadla the State ol Massachusetts,^ stood several we considered ourit duty to communicate them toThe Duke ofcheater or Rochdale. One of tne&e establishments, God, ana fuifilUcg tbe outy ef our most Important the Princtss Masi, her daughter, suffering from graveIncif767 were sold at the ;cious stxuctuJts of the same character at Man- you might know more and more that, with the aid ofrather light hair and w-hiskers. yarded at Baowsi»o's; 41 at O'Baias'a, an Sixth-known aa the Femberton Hills, was founded some miiiisirr, we try all without fear, and spare no eiTurtinst, fiireet in conversation withThe building Is said to have beento maintain entire and inyiolate the civil.streetthis so far as weweek, could ascertam theirl.lOt operativesotlgtaaUy of bad contttuctionimpaifect, the walls were weak, and pierced b; nu- sions, and its rights, which appertain to the whole able, In rompliasce with her wish, to prescribe. Gen. he was a clerk, and which booktbe foundations werememu aperiuiea, which detracted still further from Catholic uiilveiseoriglBtalesmeitfrom the yarti-tiie strength ol the fabric As the weight or the ma- chinery wss added to that of the numerous work peo- ple engaged In the bubln^ss, it will not be thought aurpn&jng that the miu should bare fallen, but the rain was lenCexeo unspeakably hideous by toe (right- ful Incidents of the catastrophe,;c*use of the other Princes."with intent to defraud, It should be accounted for- , tectives'-office in the basementwilne*s then wentfrom Connecticut 29 from Xowa, U from Missaurl, anci 44 from KeLtucky. The arrivals from tne extrems West weie rather less than was to t>e'ext>eclei, sag they will aot b* liaely to tie increased under the im-;waaRoociT. Aide-de-camp to tbe Emperor, has left Piris Tbe statute provided that If any person should m«ke knew anything about It; they went together to theplorablywhen the mill wss peopled wi.h its bu-y complement to defend zealously and incessantly the Cithullat Ciit'Spplly,'tbc col^spM of the structure occurredat this seasoncattle for a particular market somewhst riaky, aal—ofhands. Itissotuncommon indeed,wearethank-ful to say it is comrroo—to read of accidents whichChurch and the lluly See, "as well "as tbe malii'e- Bsnce ol the civil power of the same See and of tbe patrimony of St Peter ;" and concludes by exbortiug tbem to ofer their prayers to Heaven for'the attatri-wih tbe warmof dollars' werth of fodder, and la a measure alsaia-We are frequently told of the fall of a staircase, or a roof, or of a ore in a tneatre, or of other calamities, which mlgtit If they hao happened ten minutes earlier or later have caused the oeatn of hundrecs. We read of railway acciceuuin wmcn, by Uie aarrodves: po^siDle chaace, a wnole train of passengers escapes ins'int1 have known defendant as clerk in the Bsak that he had ana denied that he had ds- any money,of athe shipmeit of Vt estem cattle for a few weeks toalight have reiulted in tragedies beyond belief.;Ished the teargreat searcity, wiii lead to issseajusticeirnt Dr. Costisibt to the Grand Duchess. ar,d he wastry in one of the books of the Fulws Bank, of whichwaswith reference toleiler taken from tbe Post-ofiice, he denied that he books, £07 head came from Ohio, S49 from tiew-;with him. and on being told itpovi er of tbe Roman Church, with Its temporal posses-andato acci-mpanT the mortal remains of tne Grand Duch- a lalse entry In the baoks of any corporate instituUoa, IIead-<,uarters, aad defendant took a seat in the De- Pennsvlvania, 6i from Canada, (8 (rem Michigui, Stand, finally to guaraatee tbe juitIlls Holiness then goes on to declare his readiness ess through France to the frontier of Baden."York, 284 from Indiana, 392 from lUiaois, '23 froaato suffer the severest trials" The danger of the souls In his troubled provinces, where pestilential writings menace each daymorede-geryceeded, in brief, to state the nature of the offence,thepurity of morals ;" exhorts those whom he addrc-sespiety,religion,:himW8B niarried In IfCG to Prioco Louis Fagnsaicx of am paying teller and assistant Cashier la the Fulton cbalr and stepped forwardDo you see thedays.Hahiltov,;Christum McDougall, Detective Police Officer, tes- streetBergeawas not able to join her; aud her otherto the by Mr. Borrill, Jurytified as to the arrest of the defendant on the 8lh;yarda,onRohlnsaa-openedserea yeais ago, and gave employment to nearly to defend courageously the cause of religion and of daughter, tbe PilncsssDs HoiUKzou.ia9r,on'7 reached wbo stated that the defendant was Indicted for for- at a bouse in Twelfth- streetthe same offence.Mr Sedgwick said he would go to tbe Court of Ses-were called before twelve who formed no hadCompany, repeated bia former testimonyposition,MarwUleson her way to iVice. The Emperor bid gery In the third degree, by having made a falsa en witness, the accused asked what bis business wasTbe deceased princess was c-iusln to NaroLsox III. Her maicen naoje was SrepBaais ns Bxacuaax.^is, and she wss niece of the Empress Josspuiks, and tneIn the third Tbe learned gentJemaa pro- ^ for Mr. Porter, who came to see If coulddegree. " identifyexpresses his angursb atthe the faltn and the scopte'l riaugbler of Mapolsos I. Earn in 1"8'J. she Donald U. Buchanan, examined by Mr. Barrill; I to bim, and referred to defendant, who rose from his fiuecee 01 last aeek's reports. Toe llablliiv to detea-Baden. Tbe Grand Duchess, at the time of her death, was in her 71si year,ITALY.tbe Bank is at the corner of Fulton street a'ld Pearl; I know the pris- oner, Wm. J. Lane, Jr.; bis father was Cashier oftbeand then called bis first witnessspikeon Mr. Por- again askingDank1 have been so 27 yearster if he recognized WilliBms, be "I think I replieddo ;" afterwards he said "The more^l look at him, theam convinced be is ihe man," W^itness denied;Banksmre June, ISSS;;he was clerk to tbe Cashier;be alaoposiiedtwo thousand dollars In a bank;he admittedment of these objects. The encyclical letter hears Thp London Post prominently announces that (sonducicd the greater part of the corresp-mJence of be bad given two hundred and fifty dollars to his come, unless an established adraace in the marketdale the 19ih ii st the Bank, especially the forwarding of notes for col-wife, and had bought two horses on speculation, butbringatbem forward.Tbe 3,l:.g beeres yarded at Fe(ty-KMn&-5lieet aadSZFOKI AKO SkCBZS FOB THE SUPPBESSIOX Or Tn< England and France are allied on the Italian Ques- lectionthe oooK you show me ts tbe rcg sier of for-had sold tbem againmoney playing at policies, in which he had won four hundred dollaisin eight months.tv'ni. H. Ltlfette, a detective offi::er, converred with the defendant, in the office, after his arrest, and made:againI kaiw the entry you show me lain histon Bank 10 oiscouat billsble lu the City of New-York, and In other placeshe told him (defendani) tbat be heard be had deposlte-l $2,000 whom I bad very recently the hoaor of coarersing try of Foreign No'es," which you. show me, In a certain baiik, about wblcb defendant refused to he told him his (defeadant's) wife had received two hun- dred and fifty dollars, and had threatened if she didDo not revolutiooarr party.His with of remitting this forei;a paper Majesty,wayboughttka "Venice shall never is the book kept for entsrlag the paper forwardedbelonged that bookwas kept; in the ordinary course of business, the en-trance in the book would be made from the originalo'clock to-day.— com- were in the on Tuesdsr saleshe would thee enter II ou tne register, and forward it In letters, to tlie correspond Uig bank; when they were forwarded,an entry was made on ibe register—pass for taking away snd disposing of th« plaintiff 'sTbe Tin»eaFridaywithgreatsteadinessaadanImprovement payee A. B. Dean; the deteaaant's name Is proceedstothedefendant,thecounselofplaintifi'sweek for oompsrisen, wo have the fbUowinsPow. It to the bank and credit It to the party to whomhighIt he- longed; the ticket yoa show me contains the two notes taataaiouat to as entered in the foreign register, and la in tbe de-JeD»wu.f In DeUware City, and he asked me toVo tbattioMdown in tbe lager-ftler saloon with him. I reolied the defendant's father tho Indorsement ia by defend-was found tbat the goods were aot in the posaeselonsolen, notwithstanding the care and dili- lical letter to all the bishops. We at brsi doubled persons were drunk.; I do not reniember of playiui? but one bole, while mine are put on two hooks, leav- gence of Ibe defendants.Also 31 Ohio calUe, bought here,of common ^^^TJ- quaUty,S».« « Ohh.wbeiherwe were legally authorized to puillah tbat with any of them, but was informed afterwards thit 1 ing two holes;that is tbe only way I distinguishCounsel for Ihe defence Insisted that In all cases*^i^1i Dawson sold »• '"'.toC-fairdocument The organic raw wbich regulates the re- did, 1 bad only a limited acjuaintance with Dewti.-v them tbe second teller wal lathe habit of paying ;tickets, distinguished from checks, to Mr. Laae, made out from the Foreign Register.where duediligence was exercised by the warehouseat I J»e. 52 Onio catUe, of rather cearaaIslioiishipof the political power ofour country wiiiI had no previous quarrel with him whatever, anl hadBfeera atavs Ac of common S"?'Ait? fofl'Huix,^^ G*T«f^d 4S "'^d of good Ohio""•uuii., auu_._ _i>k .1,^ A~..<«ii. « " *"<=« »nd In commu. and reselTea it negatively. In fact, Article 1 of that teen none then. Having no harm against Oswuvkeeper,unlessBlood, B Wendell.otbera, ordiaariea of places in .the Court of Rome leaves no doubt upon thisqiiestioo,It not been for some of theparty,therewould haveMr. O'Conor replied that as Mr. Brady had objected to the putUng these checks and tickets In evidence, irxi-eUittone) tram the Coort of Rome, even when only revol'or." 1 should not liave thoui;bt of a kni'e. This the prosecution were compelled to pursue a socne-rated 7 St cwt,20 country oxen aod steers, f«Y. Cutler for"for defoad- dress 2« cwt, and tbe other 2S cwt ThefMr ^woretaken by J. Harbis at about I2XC. Theybest klUlnit cattle offered this woe.k. and a"c^"«^^ celled by the prenrum animals of former ^ ^ gslfinatura serving as provialon. nor otherUocuoieutshe has ado not remember m liut I done with It- I making a variety of entries in the hooks of tne Bans, apalatisn,tiff;;IMkwere aaSMmaatly delivered inlearatTyotP^aonlafallof grief, withg^ioouussaaaddeidrfl aodefy In ITtaly h_i overwuheeilmm«^„ ^,.i,i.wihiat aenudoacioouas aado alTawmntuaia^bwl*a* a«c; s« n"tf revvooltu'ivwa.»TMdirected both against the legitimate Princes of th„ infringed it h»d not tbe moderation and tbe toleration In new of my departure, I now declare my willinK- stancen. We have shown entries that we say areEmmerson ft Prltchard and Peter C. A. Rapello and Mr. FearcePtiL^'-^four 1^Conaisto?, "J* fhivS whi^/^'^hi'ilH*coLceroing: privste Indivldnals. may be received, priu*-.- ed, or otherwise mad« public, without the permission of the Government"tor County, were very fiiie, »»•snd sacredevening, with ourtrithoiitlasaoftime. and with a laal indch nothing produce the Pontifical letter wlihout Imp'opriety.Itailaa States and theJoul 10 a merciful without resign iny God, any refiecUon eitherB. 'fumbuU — vs. James C. Wiltf.ltThis ensctment Is formal, and we could not hireof tbe Admlnlstratioe ttiovght fit to derogate from ners to suiimlt to the laws of tbe land, aodand which we will show to be false as so^n as false, of so.discharged, with the usaal cautloa, till tills moralag.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ACTION FOBWBONOrCL TAKIKO.D. U. Coi.vaa»«ld 16 Dutchess County o»'^|,j_„I and afterMr. Brady objectedto this sort of evidence aa irrel-foriand said lo me, " Look out for that Dswuswas the cause of bis anxiety ti get tha kalCe from me wbat circuitous course. The complaint relates to the;»^»J^ «f?l*%crostSe!-again. Inever bad any other knife (aa owner) except the little knife produced In Courtand tbe precise nature of the entries could not he shown, except by abowing the surrounding clrcura-Untitled Documentiunable toTheyalteue thit thegoods must were ii good fledi.and would Cress;allegingthey be prevent,;disappeared. Tbe of similarOae •?"»« She was a veryaice;;fi>r A.Cram plaintiff; Henryceiving Tellers department; tha debitof the bans making the collection; themarked No. 4, is indorsed on the back,of his the Cashier of The Bank at father,a cheek (Ne. C) Is in tbe handwrltlnt of ;be defendant;letter (No. i) istheydrawn were ibe second teller, notMcaaaT-ftquality, on their own account;thay palJ by byfor a lossGieriawe have an opportunity doingTbe Court beard further argument and decided tbecwt.10 10cwt,brought ''f-f'.irurti t"**otemporarles, tbst we might re-This letter is a declsratltm from the head of the Messrs. FsAKKusi. Spoiswnuo and Psiisoa, as mr later ho«r than usual for adjourning, the jury were already brought tried and reported. The corgplsln brought 10c- ^ , nindrr owaex^ ••;lo his custody.Ful- we discount paper paya-ineffectual effort t» get him to write a note forIBE CAITLB SatES TESTESDAT AKD lO-DAT. The trae In cattle tbis week has been- aftor thenego'jHble commercial paper, Iof ibe business of the Bauk to collect paper for oth- [marked exhibit C] and Identifiedandtbefact,be>!des,tbatthepaperwas liehadgothismoney It was toe defendant's business to keep tbepari, TherecatUe yarded at Forty-fouorfth-«shtrleeaW;;tkcre was no other boot in which tbe re^rd;snld thatThe cass was here adjourned till 1 1beiegarticle the funds own estate. &City says opened payers being Waldion, Hillsley k and the separate Leeds Co. paid over the— LaM vaakattached to the "wbo afterwards accounted to her for it It-ol-^-afterabill hadmaturedaudbeen collected by a corresponding bank, the next thing fordefenuauttodo In tha conrse-af his duty was to chargeactive part In the removalof the There was goods.;a filemtrkjroods December, 1M7,were lOMc Also,morning.wimessas Mr lair- Pennington ft Warren far ptalatUTi Bnwa, HiAthattbeofficersbadnotknows aaJr., waa called oa for trial, yesterd^, ea aa ladlct- that they were gentlemen of wealth, bat found tbem 44, 48, 4» 10, 51hair of St. Peter, sad the The adversaries of the Paoacy have alwiys re-iodignatlo* fell by them at tba andacioos acts acoom- pri ached It tor lla efforts tn overstep the splriluU do- meat chargiag bim with fargery in the third degree. greater value than Uie appraisemeat Bowsho«ed.aBd Biaer. Port ;f-Nos.2039}« i l» u* SMUa IM.love for us, and for thispIlBiied cert«lnof our priiviaeea, declare tnat the uialn which la exclualvely Its own. They bare raised It wlU be rememherad that durlag the FaU of last jewelty which te other than aa experleaced eye bore1inviolate In all its Integrity, and protected from all refused tbeir aubmlsfilon ex> ept In mattura el faith, it year, the officers ef tke Fultoa Baak, ta this City, •i5,/attack. Many of those who signed these letters hare, wss In wlrbing "to subject according to tbe very made tbe discovery that ambsziiamaats te the •buo or gl.OOOLsae, bers ol this family;C.this cisss ofall cumstanceswitness had a piece of;wbich h> papsr producedwas by another haiid.we characterized as foreign ;" it was so Caft. Walling, of tbe Detectives' OSce, testified to:that tbo twoyoung gedUemeu felt great"''' "'*'' tetumed to the amount of sometbat there was this further misunder-the officers first approached them, thoy had supposedIMS, 1640. Ifi47, 1648, 16M, lUl, UH, ISSS |tW ,ut Part 11,-Vt, IM». 3lii.in,4ti. ISgg, 1H],42^i^!h^w'k last Another witness, a messenger ef Adams* Weekly averagewhich rlctloiis werednringpastwitness asked Porter,man7" Hemadenoreply,andwitnessmore Ithis,weather,which has ieven milUoBB;Sjieir.took were;tioB by siiowrenders the forwarding of. Tbe Judge ruled, that artlnif as such counsel and7Xc« DXc•c a Site.as a good, taklag them ashim with bis own money, and doleudant showingrales. vestcrday;trunkdefendant adTilt- signature his, stated that the body ofchsrge. Toe wereigkhtlwyould over cattle:good killing stsera, the prsralllag to-day were lOcSlOKcaad nothing but ordinary beef went below tc As Is <»»• shew tbe name of clothes, had been bought with the money belonging ally tbe case with a short supply, any favor tn estl-the defendants, but tbat bad theyofdefeadants could notand lefuseil to become liable for theiraccount for theirgrade,equlvalsat prices.heespecially guaranteed; citing Schmidt »«.quality,could not be made responsible for ioaa, •This action was tried In the Oimmon Pleas, before Jndge Da LI, asid the Jury rendered a verdict for the defeadants.gherllTCaae.alleges Uiat on or abeut the 1st of June, 18i6, the det„ , ^:,IAverageThe cattle were notbyManyof the buteherabought spanag-wasthTbe dc<e«ea i« Uat tke araparty heloaaed. wkaaTOBK rxB. U.TUswsek140 4fi7 93 40-2 16« S19theh"e consulted before wrlimg. Ilis coa- 13 St>3. Total number receired the prerious week,P«r< tl.—Not. 438. vt -iU l-i TTi',17H, 410, «», IKW.have been sold at 7Xc. fl k., lirahave fal'eB off largely, aad the pens are cleared oat.and 31 at Cn^ataaxLAiir'a01 the 2,341 balloeks yarded at Ferty-finoth-from owners aodaud As thegccoxvxeiretdhinigheonly 2,300for T'uesdsy and Wednesday, mMta coiisequeat short supply of beef.RxBicxthem, fed by J. PAasor, of 80°"'^,'^/;", "jScvocieded.HaiaqyCar Hornuaweight SheepM were: www.fultonhistory.com 