 THE PEOPLE WHO WITH ENTHUSUSM. republtoan These are reiiaole estimates the dosno- crais vary bat little frosa these. Hon John Covo to, duoOaf syrat »»* UorreaptaauUstea STBSOTJBB, NOT. t,Ostr Kochester Correspondeaice. Rocitawia, Oct 31,1980.Jfonree County (henoheimmff^ Hqmbtkm*-Tme MttwbU- cant Bich nod the Democracy Pmn\irst-8im fe**tt pt$ the Union Committee'* Mcmsy-Thrte Republican MmbcntobeHeturnc&totheAMmUy^i.dc.Owing to ttto aesaoraltiei stoto of tbe democratic party ia Mearoo county, and the bad ainagementof MB leaders, UMrepublioBBB will, aooordtcg to present ladlaa- ttens, rxme oat of tbe ooBtest with front threetofosur thousand majority, wben la nality they bare act two tbowaa\ La UMfirst place, toe republicans have aU tbe tocaf i ffl ea—county, city and canal—aumbering over one bnndred, and bare made their assessments from 81 COO<towa to §18 Tbeyaave thus raJaad from 818,000 to 820 000 to carry on ths campaign. Mr. Ely, theircat, din ate for Congress, kicked against $1,000, bat was in- formed that unless be paid ever his ansae should act ge on tbe ticket, saw. he bad to c o n e down with tbe •'stuff." On the other band, UMdemocratic committee are unable to raise one thousand dollars. Tbe organisation Is ia Utedlum lor the lauding of troops 1 rom vaasels. At this a * Streets of Goabea with a rifls ta bis hand, *M tow Bavarai18*0. TJU r<*cn«aa* y J7«ij« ,*rwffaa#**^T*«j AepuMtcaiM tonepciment was for UM former purpose, the Commander was, of courre, fuUy prepared to g'.ve the apparatus every fair toot and privilege possible.DLXCKIrTlON OF THE APPARATUS.The apparatus ar raft consists of tare* pontoons or floata, made of vulcanised gntta percha by tba New York Gutta Percha Company These Hosts, aa used in UM model which was tested, were fifteen feet long by about twenty inches across wben aat infUted, sad about two foot In diameter "ben inflated. Wben ta the former condition tbey are quite flat, aad each consist of two perta Irmly riveted together BOas to form a kind of air bag not unlike a vary long air cushion The air to supplied by mean* ofbellow*, wttb a flexible nozzle or tab*, whtoh are eachfastened to a ralvwby menus of a screw aat There aretwo of these bellows va ves to each pontoon, and bellowsto match. UMBO pontoons are each crossed lengthwiseby flat span, ntaar longer than UM floats, to which theyarefsBteeed. On toe centre one is a receptacle for a shortmast, A canvass deck.nftoen feet by thirteen, Is toonthrown over tbe three pontoons, and fastened dowa to raid that be shot Wsad because hist them by rope* through eyelet boles This, of coarse, down thrss or foar timmi- bat tofastens the whole together, as tf it ware ta oae piece. testify to tba contrary for taat fBtoabnnl to availOeltxtttd, dc , ete.Tbe Unioo moveme t ts growing so powarfal ta thissect.** a* to alarm the republicans la to* country towns tbe utiii*>»U are very MlkuiMiit aod bopefaL Tbey w.i! make larg« gmiaa ta macy towns, ana eat dowa the republican mnj<* u> one b* f la toe ooaaty. A repabitoaa uirtn 01S>racus*ftownaaimmensefilllagoft Myen, repub teas oandioeto lor Asaaaaoiy, w l l undoubtedly to* v > 'sated, tad Clark democrat, etocted.Oar DuBMrk Currei|»oa<e»ti. DUSXIKX. bautauquaOB.. N. T , Oct SI, 1M0-Reaponslbtllty of Mew Knsrlainnarm Bhmwmwy.Sosttto-i-Uss BvpWWt w«*B) ttaaWgy kMBB* sal saavaj t^MBmaaaaWSsTS Lgj amsrimsrajaj AaaTV conveyed htm to Jail. On bts way to JaU he toll the am Stable that when be shot be inleaded to kill ha men, wanted to know if there ware any more of toe Wood I lyteft Hn would like to kill to* rest of them, heOH.'4W)W (\nmajr OMif the MemWcmn Stronghold* inthe Southern Ttar—Mr S*w*rd * Influence— Ihe Inarm* baacaaf the Douglas men, and the federal officeholderswhich has joat btea oompieted, shoea that the population President ai conteat of iL county baa locreaaed » 834 ainee 18M, or 4,062bote any one of the Southern tates by any Massachusetts ts a nisi God He ts just lo bis dealit-gs with communi- shipowner, unless in disguise, during the whole ties "or men as ••* !l ss wttb individual men If a commn- period tn which th" slave trade was lawfai under tta> n ty of men. from mercenary mottvre, does wbat tt be-pliehed toe valves are closed, aad four spars, each about lourteen feet long, are placet across tbe whole, extending jtbe raft l, the opposite direction to tne length of tbe pon-lare proi e-r 1 >• lashed 00. tbe raft is ready for touocuing, tbe Nor. i-Jthn Walton at. «Utn M. Walton —Thai salt,tor sucoeaifuliy carrj log oo a Preatdentlat campaign, aad ia done with it Mark the difference While the repubsons employer occupied about ten mmutes It waa thea plaint' retted oa, and "shau set forth time* aad places fastened to a "whip" or hauling line, aad cast overboard. with reasonable certainty •"' Tbe only atirgeuoas laCaptain Abraham Fowler volunteered to be the com toe complaint ta thai oaae at ait pertinent ts madder of ih- raft, and Mr A U , tbe inventor and seven tba relief aad UM only relief asked for, to wit — sailors jumped from tbe rati of the vessel upon board m a judgment of set aration, are tba 11th and 16th. Thaihe course of ten seconds, not unlike the manner they rst to a mere general allegal10a uf Improper conduct o*would have so done if tbe Bsrrtet Lane had beea reallysinking In a very snort time the command of "Cast tbe part ot tbe defendant; ta th* um of Beams aad oppro-loose the line" was glvrB.and tbe novel Invention, w th brious t pittuts toward* the plaintiff (without specify lago u r . l a h a i t o t r a C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . JoHxmowa, Fulton Co., 0Jt. 31,1880.Gov Banks, wlih his pooutor sympathies.could not he witnessed the experiment, taey could now see tbe ad judgment of separation asked for.ytbe reaoblteens:-ScboharM, BOO to 1000 psbttoBBS wtU have majorities. 11MFifth sad THE C4IPAI6III IE?• YOWL BMjorlty; Muntgosaery. 800 to 400 repubU . . , Fulton, wards, these open whtob the dsnaeerato are saoreto foond their hopes of MW«as, areentirely made up of German residcott.year the Fifth"gave over tame hundred, and lbs Sn about two hundred sad seventy five aVssaoaratlC majand a'tbounu ibep now ciaim aooopieof haadred tneiit la more likely that lbs deoMBraUa strength will m-eot j reduced, and the toto so somewhere about «vea.1carried to market by the snino smers who would carr»eB*u£Towest|sM«,aad bee* that trtrrethould be uo ry,*nation act to exoiu.de foreigners, The New Eagiaad-A M a w 1Yesterday a trial of alife from diameters at sea wm made at Sandy Hook, to preaorce of severalCapt. Ward .commander oT toe United States receiving •Dtp North Carolina; William M GriaaaU, Ess,of this city; a W. 0. Brown, Esq., of Ctoctaaati, Ohio; Captain Abraham Fowler, David W. Felt, as*.,Tbe in vit at ions were extended to Commodore Moore, of Washington i htajor Wayae, United States Army; Oaptaia Frester, of toe Board of Underwriters; Q*s. E. Ward, Hofl. T. Barr, Seaaaor Thompson, of Now Jersey; Captain Lindsay, of tbe ship J. J. Boyd, am.Commas tier Ward bad beea appointed by the govern-meet to Inspect the experiment as a means of saving liftat sea, aad Major Wayae to tost its capabilities at a me800 rrpublcan; Scbaoectady, aOO republican;ol tiia disuict, Washington countr, from 2,000 to 2,800 repnbJlcaa; Warrsn frasa600 to TOO rembitcaa; -Sarawf a, 1000 republican; Essex, 1,000 republwan; Hamnwe 8001" s ' ^ U M other baneVw'Ut UMIT <*UIc""**NEW4!ilMK aBRALD, SATURDAY |T«l^!lttl» ft IWB0,4OT^IB B Northrop, into American; Charles Las armour, ofMaryland, Siewart L Woodford, S H. Mix,aw-, are ac- V VIM Keher, who has brea a dsatocratto reprsaaalallsB nave StolH In tins elate of things, when tbs New EafKepuhlicati Losses and Urely canvassing this district, and the repablloaa meet tngs arexvery tnrge and enthusiastic HOB. Hotatto Sey-toad delegates in toe Cmrentioa saw taat ail the great slave Stairs were; untied la oppasitloa to navigation acts, bet wars dtrteird lo regard to tbe sonttaaaaas oftbevUMga. Onto*bold atin a publictared it aad swore that toeywhites out of toreatotntotoe part of toe good flogging.OB Saturday one of these blacks paraded toe BawttaTheDrm<K*ratie <*aiiis.Oar >>rato-», Dunkirk. Jonwtnwo, aUehCtfter nodi KuCaJw Carrt>f>*adJeav«r,from the towa of Boston for tares ssMosattve times ta MMBtnrd of ftjpervtorws, and w bu was UMdemocratic cauBi-ca»e tor SupermtcuOnt of tbe Poor last 'all. has todayaan draw large orowda. Bat UMenthusiasm seems to be cn»e out oa tbe aide of tbs mpubLonns. fhare to oo tie stove trade—that oath Caroltua wanted the doubt but that a large amount of money has been spent by alave trade, wbil^ Virginia waa BtroBSTly opposed to tt,mour and others are stumping on tbe democratic side,laraLug to some extent. I go to Oneida aad oouities to morrow to feel the poUttoal pulse tbsre.the republicans ta tats citv sad county upon the eleotMB. Tbej have ever* UUngmttMir favor Tbe city, county!and State officers are aU oa their sMc; they have been work.as sat tduouary, and tbay have had UM BMBBO to work w i l l . On tbe other hand, the demoorato are so unfortunate aa to have no office hoMers to work for them and are abort of cash. They committed a blunder by putting at the b a s j of their county ticket an Amerteaa, Sotomoa 9 Harea, as abetr candidato for Congress, for the reputttaaa nomi Bee and present member, Mr. Spalding, of this otty, is B popahtr MOB, with plea'y of money. Until within tan last few days tbe-e as* not maoh real baratoay eiisting (although there was vert little open hostility exhibited) among the Douglas and Breckinridge factions of the is snenraey. But reoectly tbe seoeal democratic county tietet bas been withdrawn, and there ts a complete union of all UM otoBMOts of Uw opposition on the local ticket, which will have UMeffect of adding eouetdarabty to UM Untoa strength on the general issue Tbs demoorato have no actuaTcaovessel the county The repubUoans bava, and tt gives them fourMM hundred majority ta UM coun ty and six hundred in the ctty, aaklni two thousand ta all; bat. altowto* for contirgenc.*s, It ts safe to caloalate from twelve to tfteea hundred majority.they go ts South Carolina and say, "\on want slaves, ana we wont a navigation act; cease your opposttloa to a cavtgatMB act; ejrpnnf* tbe artio o to the constttutioo mat ing a vote wf two tbires Btiesasary to paw one; aliew a majority of Congress to paw a navigation act,^od ws will *IOMwtth yotftn extending tbe Slavs trade from 180$ to 1808" this was UMbargaM. Aooordtagly, whrn the report oftoeooBimtttoe of one from each State, recom mendtag that Cofaress be ioTested wtth the aownr to aboliah toe stove trade ta 1800, rsmo up for BtotmameB, Mr PUMwy.cf South Cnrelloa, moved to strike oat 180$ and insert 1808 This was seconded by a delegate from Massachusetts, add wben the qqesUoa waa pat avnry New England SMto voted for lawt. Tbe queatloa thea ranw op on expunging the artfole making a vote of two- thirds of UM niernb. rs Of each boose of Cougrees necessa ry to pars a cayifstion act, when General Pmkaey, of stonth Carolina, rose and prefaced bis vote for expunging the article with the following remarks:—General Pmanqy Bald It was tbe true interest of the -outhern SUMS to have no regulation of ryommerce; but conrtderisg tbe loss broustat 00 the commerce of tbe tast- ern States by the! fo-vo.utlon tbeir liBaral conduct to warts the views'" of Sooth Carolina, aad the Interest t weak Southern States bad ta being natted with tbe si Eastern S'ai.s be thought tt proper that ao fetter* should be tmpo'ert on tbe power of snaking commercial refutations, and that bis eoaetitoeats, though prejudiced agatast tbe Eastern States, would be reoonottod to this liberality. He bad btamnir, be said, prefodtoas against UM Eastern States before be came here, out would ai knowledge that he bad found them as liberal and candid as any men whateverTO TUB BDtTOB OF THI HEBALD.Much has brea said recently ta our dally papers, by thoM who are only partially acquainted with tba facto tagrown w.th tbeu- growth and strengthened with their Toe three Assembly districts o* the county will send to sitts on the subject of the African slave trade at tbe tiBM We are compelled to admit thit responsibility offctrf! ttb Oo'isg bw earlier years be maided ta UM Alhanv repobltoaa members. Ia Uit otty. Pond, th < referred to knows that there ts not the shadow of a foun-<-f Pipulatim in %;x/r of the Demoaracj— Fremont Mm fvr Dmivlat— Why the Democracy Witt Mot be to Sue- ceitful-A U.nArrd rota for Gerrit Smith-Majorityrepudiate their assessments Ths Meal candidates refuse to pay to ore than saore nom inal sums, aa tbay Bay there hot U M slightest hope of an eltctioo, sad only a paltry dotiars can be collected from this and few prt/ato initvidual members of the party. Nothe case, of the responsibility or New England, aad partlcu tarty of Massachuaetts, for Southern slavery. Mr. Yancey to reported ta the New York Tinm to have said, ta -his Boston speech, a few days since, that during the tweaty years ta which tbe foreign slave trade w-s a lawful trade under the constitution or the United States, "Mas racbuaetu imported one hundred thousand staves, for whom ber mcrchatu received ton millions of dollars ''tf toey were BumsBrlta Tbs n u t suiting bis counsel, ka changed |>f tf tarty Four Thmaand far Ltmeom Snxas of the Is UtyuUuM* Brpruentatio* tmd Auembiymen, etcTbe republicans regard Chautauqua ooaaty aa one of thatRich to the history of the article ta the United 3tatas constitution conferring upon Congress tbe power tonboitsh the Airican slave trade, aa glv«n by President damson, a member of the convention thai formed that cons-Huttou I it to a true history we are cornrxlled to admit that New England tt rvspoesible, as partieep* erimini*, to ail tbe wrongs M the negroea, to the atavabotuers, to the country and to thaworld, growing out of the importation ot the 38,076 nave* that were Mnded tn tne port of t bar lest, m tn IMM 1806,1800 et>d 18t»7; and out of theFrom his own account he tried twice to take Mr Wlife Tbe first time the g*a snapped, whoa be tan tats the bona*, put oa aaotBer asp, aad thee aa mid, "Hati.«tr g.eat*-*t •troiicbolda ta the southern tier. Mr. aid can be ob Bind frosa the StaM Committee, and theAcross tats canvass deck to a network of rope for tbs pur-pose of persons holding on by or being lashed to la th scondition, but rolled up, tbe raft to put OB board UMship, and is reacy for use. Ibis, when inflated, wooldbe capable o' holding thirty persons, or bearing up aweight it e, have tbe resisting power) of from six toseven thousand pounds 3o small Ii the space Tbe particulars sf tba tragedy were furnished as swUnion aomaatttee of Fifteen to New York have put theirfunos for thai secttos of the StaM into the handa ofSbn. Jewett, the ex. United States Marshal, wnere theywil remain, (or aught asy one here w>ii kaoe M tbe cootrery These are the p nitrous of the respective <mni <a,and the republtcana having numerically and pec miarily It to strange that Mr. Yancey should bava mads such a tbe superior strength, aa well aa a faraajerlor or<entzt^«wfcrd'i early career ta ta part Intimately areoctttedwltn tie potitvral bistorv ot UM county. The peoplewere stroogty imbu.o with tbe aatl Masonic excitementwhrh, :t will b* nmrmbered, raged here tospoh a treateiWut n«Lj years ago, and aa Hr. Seward waa thenbefore l**m «* » candidate for public favor oo tbe tide<>f tU« antl Masonic interests, he becitne quite tn n car not, to tbe nature of thn gs, fatt to com'* out of statement as this in Boston, where every map at all atpetit, ar with the people of Una occuty, and hla the cor tea;, as I said before, with from 8 000 to 4 OoO qualntctl with tbe atato cf public sentiment in Mensacba- the eight years from 1800 to 1808, be toer dinary thirty-foot boat, holding about tweaty-flv* par- pop:. *r uy among teem baa, wltn bat little exception, snsjovity " J number 100 000 or more, or MM tnan 100,000. sers, six of these rafts could be stowed away, capable offetched tbe democratic BOBof a 0—h. "We abouid ataie that Mr Wood was not preseat at UMjoining with Vl-^tuta, Pennsylvania, New J-rsey andDelaware, mtrhi have supped tbe importatton ofslaves 'u lbOO] and that ahe g«ve bar votesin favor ot permitting its continuance till 18C8,for th>« porpot«- of secorinr. in return, a role ofat>d the aame libera: policy which he eitended had the army o* bankrupM here who am working z -alouslv for accompiisbed her object She secared the carrying tradeefltei of cemcDitag the fritedabtp betweea Mr Seward hia tlectlon ''without distinction of party." Opixieed to could ever have been admltU i into any decent society ta of tbe s'ave Bute*, and the proflttof that trate were aand i ne people since then, Lowerer, particularly withta him ta Col B. Trimmer, da nocrat and la wyer Tbe solo Boston. He would have been regarded as a man wouht ereat source, if not tbe great source or the capital nowthe tatt fee years, tbe character of UM population baa nel baa been in the Aasemby two terms,Ibut he Is a now be regarded »ho made b • money by piracy. There invested tn ber railway a, ber cotton mills, her woollenchairman o' the Committee on Cities and Villages tn to*Otu;..»'.:' The lioeral course Be puraoed toward UM aat* taat Assembly, dare sot come op for re election Tne Massachusetts. and can go bank in memory to the portaloo.ij.iy. and bad charge of the affaire of UM Hal! and LandX..-H vbtmiceo for him a Urge aueibtr of frlenda among repub Mans, therefore, nominated Lewis 4 Morgan, adation for It. Tbe writer of this article to a native nftbrm Wben be r u elected Gofernor hla poatttoa ia con- lawyer, wbo dtsttngutehed himself last winter >y loony tag or the liar k rapt bi I. whioa bia names dCS the 'J»when tbe Af> iosn clave trade was a lawful trade under the Unltod States constitution, and be knows that no unato at toast ke< p their beads above water.house There ber screams brought the neighbors to bar amtotaaae, who seised tbe ruffians before taey could es- cape, and were preparing to 1>nob them waan the rjherMft<ct..'n wufc the laud iaMreat waa tiled by Mr PaUaraoa, ernor would not stga. He Is, then, the nodidaM of the who had ever been engaged in tint intuitions tratflf •rs toe carry tin trar> ot ttiv slave States Ne« Gugtaud( han|ed iom«*hat, and with H in proportion the politi- negative sort of area, unpopular wtth hla p.rty, and calcompleatoeui thecounty, rhecenauaof tbia year, willbesmc4bered,most like'/,tnthe excitementofUMmills, and in every breo<*h of ber prosperous Industry toreasontobelievethatnotasingleslavewas Imported Butit,ere is awqrmattherootofallthatwealtn. GodPBOCE88 Of INFLATION. knew of his absence, and sought tn to horrible means afAs soon as tt to deemed requisite to use tbe rafts, a revenge.jman to placed at each of the betore mentioned bellowslandbeginsloblowaway wttb all his might,until the Tha tAnltnti-mnfhews Can*. limntwNM axe ea m thoroughly filled* When tola to ac -om- THE DirORCE SUIT BETWEEN THE LAPS MR.ROCHBBTBB, K Y , Nov. 1,1860.AND TtrCNw JEFFAEJM' MOlHBE. sir; ccn:R-araaALTxsjt Before Hon Jadge Sutherland.b'ace 186i In toe central !""U JJ of the ooauty, whomthe tocreaaehaa oeea aejan, the repub.iicana have had,aid aim have, a large art. .»nty ta every towa; Dot ta UMaortbern part and ou the rear line er aoaUterncortitu. the democrats hav* mala ooaaiderablegaina In the to«ne of Daaktra; aad Pomfmt, The republicans to this city, aad Indeed throughout this upon any of tbelr citizens detect d as participators ta are now gathering about our country there may IM con to five minutt s.tratton was passed a law placing s- me restrictions upon Tbe inventor slates that he to fully convinced that bad E-nth'iti-umofthe People—The Ccmffreuional Qinbat—Tht to see that Lincoln does take his seat, and It there is any power to prevent the increase of slavery." Governor the abuse of proxy votes. This tended to shut the gates aa ordnary number (tf theae rafts been used during theChance* of Chatmeef Tibbari—The Election of Mr. Mi* fighting going on, we are bound to sail In "thran/h whtoh the agenta were dragging their spous, late wrecks of tae Hahgarum and Lady Elgin, all tbe paa- it does state tacts 10 authoriso a decree of the naiirty efPfdiaeA—fhe Worl: That h Being Done, die.To one Maving the qaiet political atmosphere of Al- bany county aad coming into thai CaagresBiooal district it is I'.ke a simoon compared wtth a geaUe breeze upon the Pacflc. There tbe pelltiea] elements am la an almostquiet repose; here they sweep madly along, carrylag everything before them, and railing a spirit of enthu- siasm such u I bare not before seen Is the State. This U ot e of tbe most doubtful of the Congressional districts in t . e State Tbe opposite parties are so nearly balanced In strength that tt la almost impossible even to approximatetoacorrectestimateofUMmajorityofUM successful candidate.How fortunate It to that the Prince of Wales will returnhere In three years. It will be ao convenient for him topick op toe pieces of our broken and shattered Ualon,and by a little pottering and some coopering mould apretty little monarchy for the royal family of England. possible, some compromise, some plan, that wouldand, as wss to be ex lected, the earnest opaortuaity is sengere could easily have been saved; nor bad there beeatoe narnage contract, ami that tba plaintiff is entitled te such decree in toto action. Tbs complaint alleges that at toe time of Ute platotdTs marriage to toe defendant ah* represented to him that she was a widow; that ahe badround on election day. has been considerably misrepre- Tbe district bas been thoroughly caavassed by Hon. sented, Tbe Union men aad the republicans each claimyean V tbey could have obtained no more; but wben the bts business rbr years they have oeen about together separately InUMted In six tadIctmento charging them with declaring tea marttap ooatract wtia the ptatataT8'mon H. Mix, the republican candidate, who has for their ticket more or less majority. Tbe mostsays she wss aware that an improper intimacy existedStates by serving aa master and mates oc board tba American ship Erie la bringing negroes from one foreign country to another They were brought up to plead.fraud, or upon toe ground that ahe htd a husband living at tne time of ber marriage to toe plaintiff; yet, as th* ormptolnt ants for a judgment of separation only, with- out a prayer even for tbe other roller generally, the qaee- tton te, whether tbe fast that tbe complaint aBaamtoEvisited and spoken ia every town is the four counties corn. r.».sg the district Mr. Vibbard, the 8uperintea dent cf thsKewYjrk Central Railroad, the democraticbut without effect R ••ently the girl baa received atten- tions m>m a young man to Lawreno*, and became de- sirous of breaking ber connection with ber former em- player, having, aa Mrs. Hernandez says, been the meansTne United states District Attorney Roosevelt satd that, aa h. had been misrepresented unintentionally, he badThere are eome among us, I assure you like the .ilea.who do not dis-satisfy the Carolines and Georgia on one side,snd the determined ant! slave trade feeling ofVirginia and the Middle States on tbe other This committ* e rep. rte ss a compromise an article Investing Con- himself in Banoverstreet oa Tuesday, to now Ina fair gress with the power to abolish the foreign slave tradeprecauti. n been observed. Tbe inventor seeks no benefit be«a married twice; that ber husbands ware both aaad.to himseif, snd even offered bis patent to a aociety In thai The complainant then alleges that Ibe ptoiaiiff, aftercity free of aI charge, sothat UMseagoing humanityOstr B u f f a l o C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .Bi *i ALO, Erie Co., Nov. 1,1880.[from toe mwtoo Courier. Nov 1 jJoseph Bernaodex, who tried to kill Penny Mty and tunity to explain or ahow his models.lieves that snob representation* were aatrae, and made to deceive sad tavetgto tbe plaintiff into a marriage with bar; that she was married three times before ptoiatdTs marriage wttb bar; first, to oae Jeflarcs; aesmttts to oae Hamilton Morrison; Lastly to aa* Russell; and that at the time of plaintiff* marriage wltb her her second baahend, Hamilton Morrison, wai aad tofavorable calculations made by the friends of the Union movement give them three or (our hundred majority in the whole county, while the figures on UMother sidetwenty >ears Instead of twelve for the continuance of thetrade Tbta mr tlon was seconded by a member fromMassachusettt, and when the vote was taken every NewEngland Stoto present—Massachusetts, Connecticut andNew Hampshire—with toe Carolines, Georgia and Mary- of almost ruinieit him In a financial point of view. put what be ban to say te-day on the case ta writing. these last obligations, is aa BOSwar to toe defendant's de-Randolph even went so far as to Bay that be would soonerrisk the Union than Insert such aa article la the oonstllution. Tbe result of UMdebate waa that the article wasreferred to a large committee, consisting of oae memberfrom each 3tate In tbe confederacy, to devise, If toe people of the State. JAUKS 0 ACER, M. D.way to recover He has thrown up tbe arsenic, and the pbj Bicians 00 not consider tbe wound from tbe pistol shot a serious one Tne ball struck a rib, aad, glancing off without it junug any vital part, produced a flesh Tbe true position of Erie county in UM present canvass, general power of Congress to regulate commerce, to woubd merely. Miss May was on,y siigbtiy Injured Shel u l l e d S i n t e s s J i r r u l t C o u r t TBI CASE OF THK SLAVE SHIP KKIK.after the year 1810. thus allowing Ute Carnlinas and Tne Attitude rf Erie County—The Qermvu for Lincoln— Georgia twelve years to Im.ort negro laborers frocs The County Republican, <£c. Afrtoa, snd allowing the other tea States, under theBefore tbe Hoa Judge Nelson.Nov S —The United Statu vs. William Warren, Na- still living to UMBant* of Ohio, assuming tent these al-andUMsideuponwhichUMmajoritywillmostlikelybeabolish the traffic aftor that period. Tne Car •!mas and is a cousin of Mrs. Bernandex. and it waa at her tnstijrsGeorgiawould,>.oubtie*shavebeenaaUsoedwithtwelve fonthatthehuabandemptovedfannytoassisthtm10thanielGordonandDavidMall.—Taeseprisonerswere legations Martred,amatthaveanthortoedadecree vdld, ha* the iransiatosnl asked for such decree, tortha several offences of violating the tows of the United even for general ar other ratter, either npr-n tbe ground afarticle was under discussion, with this limitation, Mr. la tbe principal towns of New England. Mrs. HernandezPinkney.of South Carolina, moved, as an amendment,that IStO be timet out and 1808 Inserted thus allowing between them, and tried to procure Fanny's discharge,"-"-" .^yip •-jypipiiil1! •'WBEffBjppupsja^^ w"f»!!"p.»!':'-•J-wwmummmiRmmUicans in High Glee—Pooerty of the Democrat* andmu*onitt*—f%ey are in Debt ami .Almost in Dvhmor— l cited State* constitution IX the writer Is not mislo to feBr the vengraoce of God In 1787 New England be toons, which am tautened aide by aide. When theae aparslieves at tbe time to be a great wrong, it has tood reason Aew Movement* and Deotlopcmmtt—What i* Said About •formed, all the New Kogisr.it •tates, except Rhode Island, 1fved the African slave trade to be "ac infernal traffic;"mart and sal to being fixed up after the raft to supposed to have oienred from the wreca The Inflation can be madeand in otbara wbicb ahow a great increase of popoJaUoe,OMiamercial in terra ia Lave bad aa laapetue, aad tbe influxof emigration, OMWU; thi Irish, baa tended to iDcreaaetbe strength of tbe Otmnerasy The rremoat majority of1S£8 will be cunaiderably decreaaed in tb we more denielypo^uiaied diatncta There arc aoate of the lrtah wh» sol or fostenists here are a poor, poverty stricken, debt setts did not, during this pariod, partake, unless furtive •To this expressbJ Mr. Madison spreads the MlowlnR not* — cers ! As tbe bellows of UM pontoon were being taken on board It to almost too plata for emniy declare Uiat they win net vote with tieKuow laden party, with scarcely a red to buy tickets with. In ly, of the direct profits of tbe African stove trade, ta* "He aaeant the snsmaaao* to import slaves, an uadarrteud- hoard, tbe sailors loosed at them tn a vary singular man-thii county UM republicans have about one hundred Itia on ibe subject o Bavlgaloo and slaverv had taken plane Ber, try mg experiments by b o * ing through them long wrltor Is compelled to admit that if Mr. Madison's rt> netween those pans of the Cnlon, whtoh ezplai-'s the vote on before tbey * ere attached to the floata, eta , expecting,Disunion, afc- had laws in operation in 17SS inflicting severe penalties and yet, for a reward, she voted to allow Its continutuce or eight years May " oot be that to UMclouds whichwhtob was pending at tba time af tba murder of Mr. Walton, has BOW been tbs subject af tha fnatowtag OpiBtOB :—plaintiff, on the facts state* to the ao ipieiat, U not en- titled to the judgment af separation n bed and baard. He asks for audi judgmeat oa the ground that th*intensely republican region, are la a high state of rejolc ing at tbe glowing protpecU of Lincoln's election: aid tn truth they barb some cause to rejoice, for whits they have bladders of cash to elestioneer wttB, the democratsany way In Use foreign slave trade, and these laws, tt to believed, continued in force until the trade was abolish ed by Cooxresn in 1808realed a thunderbolt ef God's wrath, an l that it may strike—not where New England to expecting to see it strike, unon a humbled South—but upon UM proud aad lofty structures which bbe heraeiX has built on her own soil with UM wages of ber iniquity.TB> EXPKBIMKST—TK1P TO 8ANDT HOOK.At an early hour yesterday morning tbe boats or the U'lu-d States revenue cutter Harriet Lane, CaptainTbe ptotatlfl, by tba complaint, demands judgment af separation from bad aad beard forever There to ta tha complaint no amaamf for raltof genera ly. ar for any other relief tana Judgment *f sssmraiMn from bad aadNothiigaoo theUnloa ticket, because the principles ofthe American part, are eo deadly opposed to the inter©itsof .'oieijin bora eitii-ns; aad they a#s<-rt that they willge for tbe republican electoral tMCrt instead But on theether hand there are a tiuwoer uf mea whu were drawainto tie whirlpool o< th» rrcmoatrxcitsafaattBUM whowiiin>weuptiorttbefuatoa. utthetwothousandandodd. and ia grots amount the republicans bava amongvotes anich wereoastfur Fillmore, In some localities most themselves raised the snug suat of $16,000 or try arto'ng from the Importation of the slaves, by whomstance, the County treasurer pays 81,000 cash, aad aatog the United States constitution to to be relied 00, Mae much at forking over. So with many other offices; secbusettomay be justly held r<sponsible, upnrticratthe nomination Is an election, he does not grumbleof them will go t) the republican side, and to others UM tide will be completely reversed, a-> that It ia expect id the s.oow N»ihiDg voM w'.u be ahuut equally divided. The rt-j.ubiicaaaut tan reg: >u would have been better aatis fled if instead of Mr Lincoln, their parttoular friend, Mr -eward, bad been nominated; and the enthusiastic marcer in which be eat received when bespoke in Fro- coaia .aai week might be taken aa a pretty sore todtca- tit* that if he baa been iioaiaated for Ute Presidency icry v o i d have (t*ea him even a larger majority thaathey wil gl«e for the preseat repaMican candidate. Inthe central ponton of tne oounty the democrats are notworking any. for these towns are almost exclusively tn* ceived no relMt frosabroM? Yes, sir Eighteen bun The facto, an derived from the Madtooa papers, arepcbiican; out In the northern portion they B»ve been died dollars were seat up bare by the Com mttee of Fif- ttese:—In 1187, whoa the thirteen original StaMs of the active and have gataen some groond Yet among the teen, placed tn the bands of aa ex-United states Marsha ,ana ss hia Instructions are to band none of the money American Union convened by tbelr delegates In Philadel- ormocrau there ta a want of tne todiageatlole reqauttea over M any committee The elder Harry only knows what phia M form a new constitution, tbe StaMs professed to$29,008 for electioneering purposes la MonroeHow ia tt with the opposi e or fusion party9 Directly UM reverse A meetlag of UM Democratic County Cea- trsJ Coconulttee was held yesterday, and It was like a meeting of mourners at a funeral the financial budget waa op. ned. and it waa found to stand about as follows —Already due for naturalisation $500 Do. tor printing 200 Do. for music, fireworks, ftc 800Making a total of ••.$1,000one hundred thousand,or more or leas, that were toadel la tbe Southern States betweea the years 180$ aad 1808 He to compelled to admit this, because Massachusettt voted to strike out 1800 aad Insert 180$ as the time of investlrg Cor great with the power to abolish the foreign slave trade, thus prolonging the guilty traffic for eight years fir UM purpose of securing ia return a vote of South Carol ina which would give to New England ship*And not more thai that amount can be raised In thecounty for party purposes. Have tbe fatthtel here re- owners the carrying trade of the stove States,Tbta Is to of Monroe county, where the republican majo• material aid." ma one of wnich particulars thedtmo r tv will be from 3,000 to 4,000, and nothing snorter. nas and Georgia, desired Its continuance. These threea suspicion of the consequencesAt the last annual meeting ot Ute Merrimack Companycrats are totiflad. ft ts direct y the other way wtth UM Tbe naturalization of loreigners tn this city will gtre full States, lylsg oo UM Southern border of the Untoa, underrepob. icaas, aai haace they will he able to obtain the ad- aa many votes to the republicans as to the demoorau, a hot climate, aad embracing an Immense fertilevac u.-e still the 1'i.ioa ticket will g>t a good support, if not more. This baa been ascertained by actual lavea- uncultivated Territory, whtob could be cultivated, as per annum from the company. But the proxy votes wereat i it most not be saw that the democrats am MM. fbero their people said,only by negroes, ware unwilling to oe is a sort of -'nation " aaioog the republicans and demo- W7jat <do the republicans here say about disunion? I deprived of Ute power to import laborers from Africa, cat* y this place In tbm particular, taat they hold meet will toll you They seem to have just opened their eyes and expressed tbelr determination not to join tbe newtothepossibilityof disunionandthe erectionofagreat leagueifUMpowerto prohibittbestovetradeshouldbe sabstonUal Southern confederacy. Some tar:—'• Well, conferred oa tbe general government Accordingly, in let the South go—tot her slide for a year or so, and thea tbe Brat draft of tbe constitution, UMcommittee inserted she will want to come back, and we can dictate our own ao article expressly withholding from Congress foreverten parsons on board, waa shortly at the mercy of thewaves, over toe tops of which it wss borne as easily as a Irresistible, and be was reelected While J W. Paige & eork. Tbe mast was soon rigged and thaaaUshomted,mga on diilereat nlghtt ta the " repablleaa wigwam,"wbtrL is used one night by tbe republicans and anotherby the democratt Gjvemor ford, of Ohio, will speak tothe repabitcaaa Ibis evening, and the demaorata will hold teraan" Others laugh at the idea, and cry —"Poh pob! the power to abolish the slave trade- When this article ing Company 1. was charged that $60 000 bad Beea loat to a meeting la UM aame place oa Saturday evening. Themarisomeof the raMd abolitionarts In this county, and*ert!t smith will get about a hundred votet. Lincoln'smajority will be 8 600 eertala Be any get a few hun-be. How are you going to dolt? What's to become of the army aad the navy?—the public lands, treasure, ar- chives, buiidiofs, arsenals, forts, the frontiers? No, my oser sir—the Union can never be dissolved " Aad againNew England m miles tod their willingness to allow tba of bts son A committee of investigation was called article to stand as a part of the constitution tf the Caro- for, aad voted down oy th. same power of proxies. To a tmassed Georgia insisted;but Virginia sad tbe other rail for a committee to nominate officers, J W PaigeWhile it to true, however, that tbe people of MesseebnFaunee. were waiting at the silp aojoining pier No 1 to take on board the apparatus, investor and inspecting offlcard: .late, baa been Indisposed during UM most of the show from fifteen hundred to two thousand republicanmajorii> ASUMdecisive day approaches UMintercet oa land, voted Tor the amendment, while Virginia, Pennsyl- His business being ta a confused condition, be He tbeu read aa follows:—Tbe District Attorney stated murrer, that the complaint does not contain ta facts smaV-<ampe'gn, and has not mingled much anting thesove vania, New Jersey and Delaware stood firm for 1800 wished to retain tbe services of Miss May, who ttat, in tbe present condition of tbe publlo mind on tbe ctent to constitute a cause of action. I think not. Tbarergn«, and this may affect bia prospects somewhat, all siure i tensiSes; sad UM Queea City of tbe Lakes Is New York and Rhode Tsland were not present.though I flancy he relies nacre upon the lnHuenoe of t i e tiow tu« u.-»t-e of a political excitement, which—except Between tbe year 1800, when tbe foreign slave trade would have otssed if tbe New England States had joined Ka 1/oad to oarry him safely through than to auy personal mg UM e>. .••••vent which exists In Albany—to second Virginia, sad 1808, to whlsh year it was extended byknew all about it, till he could obtain another assistant. African question aad tbe oonseqoeot ltabl ity to miscon- defendant has not answered bat demurred. Sec- •he declined stti offers, aad insisted on an im struction, be had come to tbe conclusion to leave the tioo 816 of the Cods to: ' T h e relief granted to tba mediate t isobar ge Tbta was se eral weeks since, end from prisoners to piead guiity or not guilty on botn or either plaint it!, if there be no answer, cannot Baaaad that which that time Hernandez, usually lively aad cheerful, baa 01 the charges agaiuat them as they might be advised, he abail have demanded ta bis complaint; bat la Bapeaovert of UM district He It not an orator, and rarely, only loth-1 v i itad ta the city of New York—ss UM their nnlon with tbe Caroli a* nnd Georgia, the census in- h eu morose aadstlem, and it Is supptned that to one of witnout any unieratanding or comment oa toe part or other case the Court may grant bim aay relief consistent if ever, aUempts to address the people, while his competl Qacen City 14 tne second tn commercial Importance ia dicates tbe importation of aoont 100 000 slaves, who have these fits uf desponcencvj he att mptec to commit this toe authorities either here or at Washington. with tbe cans made by the namidstotpad embraced with-**^!!f Tbelr wealth must be eeautred, chiefly, at thr outset certainly, bi tbeakUl ana ifCnstry 01 tbeir hardy Bad eatoipitotag teamen act as they had little produce of toeirewn tn carry to toarttet,trMy coveted tbe carrytaf trad* ef theM soU. eouic not beonme nob by agrtoultareimportation of sjil tb*.slaves that were landed from abread to any part of tbe United »<*te* duringof room required by these rafts that in the place of an or-tbs brother or the deceased, Mr. Israel Wood, w1U James L. Davis, of 181 South street, New YorkANOTHEE ODTEAOI ET NEGROES.On tbe eight previous to tba murder of Mr. Wool, two negroes enter%i a house ta Goshen snd dragged a womanVi w England because It is clear that New England, byaoconvmooatir.g very neat '\ two hundred persons, withpower or allowing nearly as many M hang on by tbe sides,providing the parties OB tbe raft eould oaiy have time tofasten knotted ropes to the lasbings, thus enabling them from bar bed aad attempted to take bar into ton woodSouth Carolina thai would give to New England shipowuIf a raft were required capable of aolding fifty persons,the pontoons would be tw.mtv five fret in length, with a arrived, and lodged tbetn ia jail. Ibe woman's hasSaad biDBe in the centre of each of the lengtn wise spars, so as was from boms at the time. It to supposed that as be to double up for stowage was a well known democrat of toe village that tats*offices, oa each of which aa assessment Is levied. For In- port of the doings and debates in the convention for form the motloo depending, at well as the toaguage of Gen. Pink perbaps, that thereby,they might find oat the whole af conduct of tbe deteaoaai sine* bata*y aad others "Secret of th« Aa>tiuoaliy Co Crnw. Bankt. TO THE XDTTOB OF THX HKBA1.D.Lowau,Maas,Nov.1,1890 Your comments oa the slignt that eras put upon Governor Banks and lady at tba ball to honor of the Prtncs of Wales, la Boston, bare created an Interest in Massachusetts which Made me to give you a few of the facta pertaining to Ute principals in that exbloitton ofaaobbtry. They may be possibly of use If you have occation M aay more. " State street Lowell Mills fossils"yen bsve happily mentioned. Tbey are the key to tbematter. Them fossils are millionaires, col by their ownwealth, but by the invested capital of others, which theycontrol. In Massachusetts there baa been no restrictionupon proxy voting ta manufaeturug corporations Theofficer* have been to Use habit for years of bavtng theowners sign a proxy to them at the same time that theDividend is receipted for Tuts, being asked by a clerk, ts the >r'Lcipal °f these are eotira harmony of foeiiog, Leans am confident of victory and flash with cash, the be earnestly desirous of the immediate abolition of the) readily given by UM owners of the atook—whose resi- a h pe'ul proa^ect of success, and plenty of opposition is poor, disconsolate and almost dishearton «d. African slave trade, and only three, viz the two CarolI dences are scattered widely over New Euguuid—withouttalr before the expert Saent was tried.ShorUy before BUM o'clock the American (Custom's)ensign was hoisted at the gaff or tne cotter , aad aa BOOH aa aU the visiters were Oa board toe -'anchor waa weighed" hadthevesseltookitscoursetowardstbsocean.Tbstrip waa a pleasant oae for although the aua scarcely made lis appearance, still the weather waa agreeable, there being, ha Ute &seafariiig genU«m*n would express them srlveb, "a spanking breesa."At fi rst tt was thought b » i to try tbe experiment near Coney Island, and the Barrlet lame was there anchored; but tbe.inventor, Mr. Samuel B Broad, thought it woufd he a far more satisfactory trial If it could be made upon tbe "broad" ooesa, aad consequently toe aachor waa again weighed, and the vessel proceeded to and anchored outride of tbe Hook. Here toe sea was much rougher, ar.d those who know the spot will reediest that the surf breaks very h aviij sjeng tbe sandy beach.THX LAUNCH «F THK BAFT.At twenty minutes to one o'clock tbe inflation com-withber has bean such as to renSar ttproper for him longer to ashabtt wttotn cane of Auld against Aula, decided ay m i at Spectat form, September, 18W, that to authorize a decree af separation tor cruel aad lahnsaan treatment, "ten proofs should show either actual bodily vioMooa, or saob condort, ecto or threats oa tba part af ta* husband, as might reader it aamah for to* wife to continue to eeaabttwith htm; aad that tbe word ansa's as aaad ta the sta- tute(3dKev.Stat Sihed. »7. EH, sac. 64).1rence to bodily, personal tojury or vtatouc* a**health, aa distinguished from mere mentalwounded feasibilities;" citing aa authorities tor the'pre- poaltlon. Bishop oa Mar. aad Div , mjttoa aad. 4*8, Wan- fuUvs Whisfuii 4 bait, 217, Mason va atesoa.llaw. ch 378 Tbe proofs to eatabitoh tba bodily vtottaaa ar apprtbendad canter should at least be ai strong when the husband to toeoompisinaat as when toe v i e to tba asm piainant. Bee 66 of the statutes (8a Rav Stat.criminis, In all the wrongi to tho negroes aad to our coun soever Imported, and whaMver tbelr number, whetherNonsense The Tn ion will never be dissolved It can't came up for discussion In the Convention, delegates from tbe company by 01 e of its officers p'aytug it-to tbe handsMiddle States would not consent to this. The delegates to UMNorth ever since the gon rnment was constitute i. repelled the Idea of such ooaoemicn. Thev denouncedStated be bad the proxies of a majority of all tbe stock indred mora Reuben C Pen ion, the republican candi-date, will be elected to Onegreaa from this district com- others exclaim —'-D—a Ute South. She bas been a curse from Virginia, especially, ta tbe most indignant terms,his pocket, and be should vote in the old Board. He waaprising the counties ofChautauqua and Cattaraugus Hen- ry A Precdergaat and Hiram Smith, repabitcaaa, will be elected from tats county to UM ajseatbly.Her niggers aad her arrogance have become unbearable. I would assist tn kicking her out of the Union, and flog- ging bar after wards!""What," cried an Intense republican in Buffalo the other day, "they say Ltnootn shaa't take bts seat, do thevf I will toll you what I know of my own little crowd, We have one hundred aad sixty Wtde Awake names down to go to Washington on the 4th of Marchtbe African slave trade as "an loferoal traffic," and sla very as not only a dlaoouregement to arts, maoufac urea and industry in every form, but as a demoralizing Insti- tution, especially ta its influence upon the master, tend- ing M make him "tyrannical" and''to bring down tba judgment of heaven on the country" They therefore held it to be "tbe duty of the Convention, tnevery point of view, to confer upon tho general government UMCo. were taking about twice as much annually lor com' missions ss he had capital in the companyThese are not rare abuses, hut rather fair specimens of the management of these corporations oy the anobo cracy of B-eum.oiander Ward and Mr. G'innell, who, with a reporter, bad gone ashore to witness tbe landing, were quite pleased with UM I trial, and so express* 1 themselves Of course, as to all new inventions, great lmprovementa can yet be made in this, but, according to UN views of those whomore definite and certain It to matter of social atatn- tory regulation, ana tberefara I do ait think taat tha general provision of tbe Code an «to the question (dee remarks of Jungs Parker ta Wharfoil va Wniafoil, 4 Bart. 21$) It to plam, then, 1taluk, that the comptamtdom rot contain facts sufficient, tf proved, to authorise thasome of the owners wished to elect another man to thetbemj; In accusing aim of crime and of improper intima- cy with other women, aad to giving away to h u of rag* sad violent toaguage, ordering ta* psatatdTs friends ts leave the house Tbe l C h at a mare genera! auegauoa that toe plaintiff to constantly ta asnger from de- fendant and ber son, Obartos: taat "they am Btrivtag to deprive him of bis property, aad to do him bodily barm," without alleging aay tacts or circumstances ta show that toe plaintiff bad reaaoaaale grounds to ap- prehend bodily barm troaa the —>—«— or tbs defend- ant and ber BOB, or that tt would be anaafe aad improper for bun longer to cohabit wttb ber. The statute requires thee facts and circumstance to be states in tbe con plait,t, with reasonable certainty as to times and places.It to, therefore ao answer to toe demurrer ta say thatoffice held by J. W. Paige, who was taking about $36 t00Co. were taktag $86,000 a year from toto company, as selliag agectt, tbey were acting ta the aame capacity for eight others.snd the frail 1asset sped oa ft* way to the shore so rarndly as ta excite tba admiration of at tbe officers of tbe cutter, woo were aaxtoaaty watchmg tne result, ta cam nf accident* the sailors oo board were ordered to he ready to launch one or the boats to pick up the adventurers, bat tbeir serr ices were fortunately not required.THK ARBIVAL AT THK BBaCH.Tbe raft soon reached toe breakers, wbmta it rode over quite canty, never chipping a aingtorea. Tbe sailors s**d that no boat could have passed through the surf with out Banger of being ''stove in," Bor could a made ratto tbe whole sight they have sot probably one tenth as much mvested as they tase from them annually. At a meeting ot tbe stockholders of tbe Haadstoa Manufactur-himo w these shameful wrongs, aad under his admtnis tweed germ of a realty baeeflctol saviour of human life.But It to insisted oa the part of the ptointlff that, coo ceding the complaint does not contain facta sufficient a* authorise tbe judgment of separation assed for, yet thattaken fir revenge, by putting a vile insult upon the been lost stace 1841, with fourteen steam vessels pi v in jGovernor ai d h.s estimable lady, and through tuem noonThe Boston Lowe Tragedy.might be beo.fi ted, but could not get even the oppor- bis marriage to defendant, was informed snd be-ntnlttpileo by natural increase since 1808 to more than crime Dr. Curtis, who was cadec fl-stto the wranded the Judge ordered the prisoner to be arraigned and put in toe issue " Suppose I should give judgmenttor, Mr. Mix, a? favored la a high degree with all the the Empire State. It will be instructive to take a $00,000* man, states that he has been very nervous ot late, and in their pie*.plaintiff on tote demurrer, wtth leave for theto answer ta twenty days, aad tha defendant should sot avail herself of the permission to answer, snd shouldjtreceeaad talents of an orator. He has, I learn, already brief, yet comprehensive and dispassionate view of the atldresaed UMrotors of hat district thirty-Bine times, and real position of affairs, aad from the contemplation ofTo understand tbe motive of tha delegates fr->m New that on Monday bight be waited the streets all night.some tacts which cannot be oontrovertod, to calculate ol the contest. what will be the probable result.of th •act than the fast that she Insisted oa leaving bispleas were recorded and tbe prisoners remanied. appear to prohibit the plaintiff from having a deem* efMr Joechuxaaoa, in reply to s question from UM nulluy on this complaint, because the relief asked for bywill speak two or three times a day uatll UM terminationEngland in thus v ting wttb the Carolines and Georgia toextend the duration ol the foreign sieve trade for eightyears, it should be k o * u thai to the same first draft of employ. The foliowmg letter wa* prepared by Hernan- the constitution which contained tbe article wtthboldinc dez, tn exarctattoa of a fatal result:—says, that the complaint a aach a menced, and in consequence of the ignorance o: the per particularly "the nature aad circumstances ofbimeel an < ffloer of the "old Board," and J W. Paige a have gonn over them without u breaking up " Com the Code bai provided a mooe for saakisg the eosaptoiatany need of the tearful sacrifice of 2 797 lives, which havebetween New York, Liver xo! and California, bad a Ilk*Mr. Juactnmsaec appeared for the prisoners, andMies May says be ban no other ctuse for the commission pleaded not guilty to each aud all the Indictment*, Tbe never put In an answer, this section of toe code wouldju''ge. said be was nbt prepared to name a day for the ttto limited tea jongmaat of separation; and I bava blr Vibbard is a gentleman aad a man of high posltUm, In the Drat place, the rapidly increasing commerce of from Congress forever tbe power to atnsjleh the slave lqux V*IF*—Forgive ate f >r what f do. Li 'tt tor your trial shown that he would not bo entitled to a judgsBtat ofand trreapeotive of hla connection with the Central road, trade, there was also an article declaring that "eo navi- chliitr-n 1 have besj as man and wile for two yearsvery popular- Bat his connection wtth that company, tb.s Western emporium, sad UMgreat accession to the gation acts ssall be passed without tbe assent or two A COKAL QUESTION OP CAMEOS. separation, because UM tacts stated ta to* oomptoint amwhJe it will advance his cause among certain classes di- papulation of UM county, particularly by emigration thirds of tbe members present in each house " This ar with Fanny May. Sh.- baa been tbe cause of this. If Ell W. BaUty tt al., ss Augusta* ached —This was a not sufficient to authorise such judgment It would ap- rw ti > upon UMline of the road, will moat oertaMly mjare (mostly composed of the German element), has materially tide was inserted in tbe Interest of a>I toe great slave Mr HaU bad not inter:, red this wou'd not have hap- suit against tbo Collector for return of duties on toe lm* pear to follow that ton defendant moat have judgmenthim. and to a very sertoos extent, among the advanced the business sad political Importance of this StaMs, to prevent New England from monooolfzlog their pened. Mat God bless you, my ooor chit iron I can- portal ou ot cameos which arrived Dure In the steamship oa ber demurrer, but tba plaintffi may aauBdhaioam- inbabitaatt of SchoharM county, aid la UM towns of carrying trada by navigation acts, which wou d Impose uot live long I have born ruloed in buslaest by Fanny Persia, in November, lbf)9 ftie amount in posed waa plaint in thirty days, oa payment of oasts.tee counttss of Fulton, Montgomery and SoBeaectady, place since the tost quadrennial election. Erie has a! ways heavy duties on foreign snips and exclude them fr im May You will Hod some friends left whet I am gone. paid under prottat, and the excess, $281 69, to claimedaway from UMstore direct iafroeaces of UM company. been a whig county, having invariably given majorities Southern ports Tbe laborers lo the Southern s'ave States You reed not be aahamel of what I have done rbosd back, with mteiest, as an unjust exaction. Counsel for plaintiff, Mr. a O. Held; for dateadBBt,Tb» aatl Central Railroad monopoly feeling eaters large for UMwhig Presidential candidates, sad there to only a betog n«gro slaves, those States would nataraUy own but who have ruined me will have to go with me. Friend The pla>ntiff'a counsel, Mr. Waldron, satd that tba Brown, Hail aad VenderpoeLl> into tbe csorvasa That Is made one o' the Issues by £ingle instance wherein aa opposition candidate for Con- few ships, for ships cannot be manned with slaves fhe Sinter, see me deceotly buried. I am not afraid to meat right duty was four per cent, but that the Custom House therepubtMaas,andtheyaregainlogTOMBfortaair fesshasoverbeensuccessful.Underordinarycircum- peopleoftoeslaveSitusexpectedtobewhatthevhave myGod.Keepmeaalongaspossible,aadburyFaaay badleviedtwentyfourperoeat,betogtwentyperThe Kathai Jewsairy*rNITED STATES DISTRICT COCRT. Before boa. Jadge Belts.Nov. 2 —Tito Unto* Btata m. Oru Diamond Oold gnaspcause. TbepeoBte aay thattt M uosanehfor them to stances, acoordiag to tbe apparently established rule that been, an agricultural oeople, raising for tbs markets ofMat and I. Goon byeBosrcA.Oct 30,1860.Hernaaoez was corn to Savannah, Ga.JOJEPfloent in excess. He thea produoed specimens Of the gooc8 imported, ana called Mr Bailey, of PhitodelphM, aiu Mr ball, ot the firm of Ball, Black & Co., Mr. Orria and Mr. Bishop, importers and manufacturers of j-welrybear to s3pp»r« aba Saparinteodeat of tbe railroal. whitethe Preaideat of the same ooreorattoa wtU, awioaotedly,be e.acted M the Albany aattrtct Of eo arse the electiontTMr CoraMg ts by ao means certaia, but Ihavaretoir cratic majority In the present contest bat there totbe world tobacco, rice, cutoo, augar, &c— bulky artl cles, that would give e npl >yme t to an Immense amount of shipping; and they insisted that this produce shouldportion of mtoIsernMBla<*ue to im lortattou, and wbat p >radmits of oo question. 11M republwaa aatimatea of the deed, as recently as 1888 aid toft year—many or these tic* io natural increase? Sue* 1808 thn tnereas* of the ncrro ther establishin.-nt there. He managed to purchase a pi esumi d by the witnesses to be cut cameos.l-robabSe veto of tbe counties eeaapriatag tne • are oa UM side of the democra*y; bat within the last population has been wholly a natural toerease Mnre larm <>u credit, mortgaged It for $8,600, forged the farm- Mr WUcoxson, in bis cross exam ma, ion, asked themfu! that BBWlMBBMBsad.aad tbay have noueetie to see another coodttioa of affairs here which operates ia directNiwAKKXRS <WUDLBD OTT. or $2.800.—Oae of our Naw- and can.ee* ot this city, to prove what tbe articles pro Box ami one Gold Bracelet.— Counsel to this esse baringsummed up.Judge Betts, ta charging UMjury, reviewed to* tsatlmo-ayaadcircumstancesunderwhichtheJewelrytoquestion was brought into this coun try and expiate ing the sect:» af tbe act ol Congress under wbicn tbe suit was brought and which subject all goods under tbe denomination, of mar-hardforaacoess.Hon. Clark B Cochrane a very poaalav m»n. th; pre-seat ssssBbsr of this diet, lot, was slotted la 1S5S •>/ l,»'loattofay. over their owa^.?"0"***.*"• ••*•cfthevotoofMewBngtaedto*Mehwehavereferred,andfor which New Bnp'anu m»y *e 'airly retarded aaresponsibe. «fl"c*alrecordssMw 3*076 aegro slavestoaded from Matanzas, of the death of the followlag oamed seamanaa American citizens increasa In numbers the democratic element preponderates, this elty would give a demo-•the w»ol* n»gro copulation tobhe neiMd Statea lo 1900,the l^ooaMaa that osntsol Ute StaM Legwiatum traos- opposition to that rule. It to this A large portion—per- aonoriMsg to tbe eenstu. was 1 «P 402 aad to WH tt was 41 -d out or $2 800 by an accomplished scoundrel named ail give toe aame definition of cameo as a figure eat by lerred to UM fedtral aapttoi. Whether there Is aav 1,377,810. Tbe lacrosse in th" ten years (made no of tse natu- F tfmi'b. Tne fellow tn August tost went to Euton with tbe bawi of an artist oa any natural substance, such as groundtorthisobjectiontoMr.VibbardIdosotpre hapsnearlyonethird—ofthepopulationoftollcityand ralfaereateorexcessofirt'ihn<v*rdeathsoaUMsodand%%* biswifeandchildren,andtherepassedhimselfoffasa rorsi,ehellilava,onj»,coraeltoB,ametoyat,emerald, pose to venture an eptaioa, bat that UMobjection exiatt county is composed of uenasas. A few years sgo—in iwpo»tattots from Afrioa) was 376 368 ' r 37.6 per cent What Southerner, who intended ooenlng a large shoe and lea- sapphire of niaiacuite, The specimens produced weredistrict vary sosMwbat widely The more Baacutne year or two tbe wctimenU ot the Germans have been kavmg been no hnp^rtadoa*. aad the ITntasd fhatoa ers signature, bad the mortgage acknowledged, entered set eral times it there Was oot a difference between cut ebaadlse to be forfeited tf Imported by a party wttboat predict UMatoettaB of Mr. Mix By fiat majority -, battaoae sensiiess show that this increase hti been at the tt at toe Recorder's office, and then came to this otty, cameos and manufactured cameos, to watch they an-eatrtled M mora wesfbt are as feUowe:~aaben«rto ooaau. changing, and ia this campaign UM eloquence of proml- reto of onlv 17 5 per cent In Mn yearn A1 over 37 S pe* c*ut wn-re be made aa assignment of It to Messrs J. 8 BUu- paying the necessary duties aad with intent te defraudtor Vibbard from 500 u> OCO; Montgomery, Mix, repanu jent German speakers on tbe repablleaa side—Car then, hi the increase between 18u0 aad 1310. or I0perc-m velt, Ebernezer C. and 1 0 , Aber for $3,800 worth of a*ere.i to to* negative. Tbey said there waa an article tbe customs One of UMdimsulties la toto cam was UM•"Vtoftdriy set down M the result of totoorbwto; and thiscan. from fcO to 80S f ultoa county, for Mix by from 809 fbaria, Iredrick Haaaaareck aad their coadjutors—ha on 1 U01,*M wouW si«e ua 1 DO l«. or in round nambe.s 100000 sho s and leather. Everything appearing fair on tbeto 800 majority, and Schenectady from a tie to 100 re- smsnsnsjtorsjato Influence la cbaaglag tbe opinions o as the number of slaves imported into the United stats* be- fa*, Mr. A received Ute goods and left This was onpublican m verity. Thn wilt, if correct, stoat Mr Mix by • M y of the Ger nan voters, while the efforts of the mil 1 tween 1800 aad lalO. heme deduction, howover, must be m»oe September 18 In Ute eerly part of October, totth wroteabout aOO aaajority, taking the lowest republiaaa asti- ,c re w from tola on aeeouzH of lsmtsiana, which waa adsaluea lie. > from Harrtoburg to Messrs Aber &Go, stating that heBaatoB TBO beat desaooraiic judges claim the electl-m of havTLJS!" il *° » «»ts. and the money which they tbe ••Moo In 1803 snd had tn '810 41246 ejwrns* tbe greater had not been able to get the store In that place that beMr. Vibbard by trees *0 to U» BtajorUy. Kow itia aonie^asa^J*"*1*' hadtheir influence inworking, In partof»bnm.doubUraa.wereearnedthitherfromtheA.uthern expected to, andthat hehadnowdeterminedtopushonknown as limitation cameos, which were not cut, but mane of a soil material ia a mou d.-4-Tkia D e a t h o f S h e r i d a n K n o w l e s .*0 THE EDITOR OP THB HEKALD.designation of toe a- tides, as to whether toey were mer- chandise or personal effects at tba tlmti of toe r tmoorte tion. In c dfcr to exempt UM property to tbi* case tha party must bare it to actual use, and ahould prove that itwa*nothtoIntentiontodisposeofit;11wouldofcourse be very difficult for tbe jury to determine what ibe c'tim aat bad In his mindwbenbepurchasedtheseartlctos, ! m ato Mr.MIIIIBI Myors. • Jew, nf Sueoecw-ty, willaho,2^2228°***"»** UMrasa:;ofthn electionNEW YORK, NOV. %, I 8 6 0 TbesteamshipFoilonbrings OBBOWSofthe deathof>dedsH from Mr.YlbBaraVsvotetUivotes meat. ftS. **«t complete revolutiou tnsentitoNew Orleansand openthere Thisexcited suspicion InUMNewarkort, who want to Esatoa anf discoveredis raaaiH •• UM Brseklaridge candidati Ha baa wards of thaihardlyaabndoeofatrenxta.althoughitIsbeievedthath* aaoaey saay gam him some TOMB. The Urgett estisnati ot hat probable vote U 1*0, an t Uo srtlt btrdty getany saore. If Mr. Vibbard rone behind MB estimate, Mr.MyersvotewtUdefeatBiasandelectMr.Mix. MrMixsiprssssl B good deal of eoafldence, aad] be ts Hfjjnng have heretofore votM Tj n%£mmW&&& • * • the fouthern States, as tha number now there to oonreqaeneethey totoaa to roto for tmmm^n\\fnSt theyassignforthechangetothe£££2?l th**tw^J'2?|2SS5 Afrcamu>>uortot(Tiarl-nooatmedaringthefouryeanMeat, in Washington, from the United States Consul atw rwwa«ber wards rtt-noe toe estimate of toe Bomber of slaves imported fromii.7T" ° ** » are almost exoluslve- secure his arrest. Ha has, however, probably disposedtlla,!atherur1tbere will bea r « S S ^ ~ 2 * » districtsAfrica Into tba ratted •tates between 1808 aad 1808, from lOatoOto 86000. bat aa the whole iwsjro poMtlauonof the Imu*d Mates bas increased 360 par cent alr-ee 1308 It vtllshU giveaearlv300uOf,oraboutatwelfthpartOftbsstovesinof the goods before feto —^awor* Advertiser, frov. 1.O b l t m a t r y .Information bas beea received at the State DepartImmAn* U^t^"TM^*** «ni>nty-that Is Unionmet.ciatasatoMn^irtTT*neo*'»«*•«»*aoSBB/arlty; but bis competitor was not so pipnar or ludj- with the laow Notnings. Theruial atotriat. ie '?0<sr"B 1801 ISIS LSNU'diHiT. Wf have Been no offleia. recordor ot the Un ted States, viz :—Psora*I'BTBHSOB, ofNew Yorie and can vouch for toe truth of the same, as no douot willlBntMlasMr Ylbbnrd. N»r Is M- Mix quite as popilar publicsn, so that toe oaly h o ^ , ffi^ * l » P»'«- the lumb-r landed at New Orleans and other doutb*ra po ts Wm Ba .: i;a, ot Portland, aad 1. C BLBMIS.du-inr bete and the four prerecing years but tt seems 'earouaViie tosuppose tftnt it must have been at least equally •>ratoraayfrom40000to80«u0. mania/thewho.enam'erbe seen by Ute text arrival.WM- C. UtLLSELas Mr. Cochrane I bare seen one or twJ ro^Micta addh conflued to the city of Biffato^ mdeeT2?i!. S:? H aeetlags in UMdistrkt, aad the farmer aro city of Buffalo todtndVttw^ttterVwwr Masters T 0. Gorto, at one time tbe oaly short- bsndreportertntbeUnitedStates,diedtnBeaveroouatyIbytbematenthusiasm,andaremoretea maybesaidtobe within thelimits01tba^rardiT ripoa'nf la atss. I think Mr. Mix will be elecMd. Oa the Fourth, Filth. Sixth. Seraota, Eleventh aad Thirteen?h *t «il the DoiitSoru ports during the whole eifbt years from Pa., last week He ban made and host many fortunes'Naval :Intelligence.The United States steam sloop Hrooxiyn and noreshipFalmouthremainedatAsptnuailoatoegothultTbe United States steam sloop LanoasMr and sloop of-war St, Marys were at Panama on the iath ult.areGermanwards, atit ttta«<av*trwrtaln toatfoea^ totm)toUOtHxi-areaul.inacoiHKnifl wtd>taatobtaind acttheMoalieatofwhichwutdowninthe great SAonu t^.vfai VOM MMJ telios;l3f are UMflU|u.Uai nuJ; >>y of then (txeef l»f f --H« **« t'afcft ttttt9f\hj Utoin^ above by caicalation founded on the United Btatot oaosus multicaulut speculation, of which he was the head andUntitled Documentark Ira*— Messrs K 0. Aber & Co.—have been Swlo- duccd were Ui trade and commerce. These genttomeafcutes of the Union er imporW from Afrioa aftor 1893; for in1200,threeyearstofoeethepurchaseofLouisiana,theaeg'oslaveslathewhole of that territory were reckoned atonly18,1X0. If we all w li.COO for the number.of negroes in uoa- the forgery, aad that UM mortgage waa worthless. James Sheridan Knowles, tbe dramatic poet. This that point the Court woukt leave for toe cons1-ieraUoe af?fc&<*emocraticgalastnsomeoftbe hsaaawhenitwssaddedtotheUntiedBtat-ato1803.itwin MessrsAber&Co.areinaearcnofhim,aadbopstoto taoorreet, Tba Sheridan Knowlea referred to was a printer, mgaged by the Russian govern ment for the purpose of printing Russian pa permoney,andwhowaa drowned white00ail passage from Ball to Oroattadt, by the wreak of the Arctic,while ta sight of land. Ihave received torse news by some of his moat intimate friend* in this city,tbejury. Aftersomefurtherinstructionstbejurywere directed to bring in a sealed vetdtcLWUUamtburgCltp XeweFrag —Yesterday morning, BOOBafter tea o'clock, a i m brokeoutIncertainoutbuildingsattached tothevarntoh Btsncfs.-tory of Kiasam * Keeler, corser of North EightoandFourthstrceto Tarocgbtbeeier-iocsofthefiremen the fl. 1:10s were prevented from eatebdiog to toe mato building, where tb« re were a quasi ty of contbasiioie* tn tbefcraior sarnieh and otn«r materi«ts As u waan i«saidthatIUAre<*igloat^dfri-cahott'e0.tr'-*"**• blematerialbo-lmgover, toebuudldgwaa e«^J\«*- stro)tu, but toe lues is estimated at not more thanHXW, on which there a no insurance.front.of his repubUma friends taat be was looking nor J i Stba wonMf It ft to shoot some wtutetoto rtasaosrattoSOBofab-htoforelwelm o'clock thatto relate ha was not arrested, though hepmtedly made em of tba threat. Abouto'clock the same evening Mr. Palaces Wool wai. mi WM pasataggresboose,anbiswayhome,harmgarrtvsd lais to toe village The Bcgre wm aa to* outs.de, resaatmg bts threat tn a load tana, rifle in hand, when Mr Waaljoktogly remarked, "you had better stop year BOMS or 1 shall attood to you," and ooaiiaced waixtag oa, with bis aids in hto pocket* Be had apt, however, proceeded more than tea or twelve voces whoa the newrcdaatoerredtoe rifle at hmt, too ball catering the aeck aad panatag * through toe bead oaae out near the eye, killing tha antortunats mea tnsiaaUy The aegro was at anas seisedby tbe people, who ^^'y^ad^^f^traabtoghiMW^fight of tbe previous Thursday Bight, nor bad he aay- thing to da wtth It. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069v*www.fultonhistory.com 