 f » i\i V.'3NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, ffOTBMBER 20, 1860.ejrening the Oroton Aqueduct He artheat was banks. The Legislature of Georgia hasthw soon vanquished by the honest simplicity of the tion at that of bullying a fallen foe. If Caafx K NEW YOKA.—We see It stated that K NEW YORK HERALD. directed te extend their mains from -eveuty-se- far merely passed the set calling a State Conven American philosopher. At this day, Imwaver, counsels prevail the journals In the interest of John Kerrigan, the young man who was easv#purebaaing the brown stone statue in front of the ornet *. »• <»«*•* «' KXTO« AND MASSAC em City Ball, for the sum of $1,000, was adopted. AT/*7*» *.«»«* im a * a r n . Memm md Sfc swsfl wtf»e>a*4_»TrfS />JflT BKKAID fro <*•<* per «ewy, STpre for Hose Company No. 87, at a co*t of $3,W0, was;Louis Napoleon, from bis bluntnees and frank- ness In hie international affairs, is at mueh a mystery to the old school diplomacy of Europe as was Dr. Frsnkjln.Here we understand these things bettor, and hence the flattering receptions of Mr. L.odsay in every contact with our commercial or poli-Lincoln wtil modify their tone towards the **Boed to forty years' imprisonment by Judge south, which b daily becoming more and mors R°J*«lafew years since, on the charge of gar- m exasperated by tbe taunts heaped upon its rating, has bean paraomsd by Governor Mor head. If toe policy of the black republican f « t The pardon, we are told, was broughtventh street to Ninety-second street. A resolu- tion. The Governor of Alabama, who wa. J A M B S A O I B O H • « • • • » * » tion directing the Street Commissioner to parehase authorized some months since, in view a steam fire engine for Company No. 1, at a cost of of the present oonttageiioy, to do the s_me xorwR AJ.1) pguPRiiroR. f t ,800, was laid over. A reppr tn favor of thing, has announoed that ha will call thejournals is to help the secessionists, why not about through letters from both Judge Russet proclaim it boldly? If not, why do the and District Attorney Waterbury. The causerepor* in favor of purchasing a steam fire engine 7H>*-WtiCtIKLlYUHICKALID.mrttrjgreintitauhrtdr.d*-iffamti«LH£tr%Ufradopted.TherewasacommunicationfromthethoughItwoeUevedthatFlorida,Mleslseippiticalrepreeentativesandofficials.Hewillreof this request for pardon on the part of Judge Ruseel arose from his ascertaining that the tes- timony of Travert, upon which he was COB victed, was fame, leaving tbe youth guilty only ol assault and battery. This sentence, at the time that it was made, was tbe meant of break-•***• per cop* 9* prr mnnmm * « » * *«*«"/ P^^.W*^. Judges of the Supreme Court, respectfully re-1 and perhaps Arkansas and Louisiana, will seen turn to England satisfied with the results of Ida m'tJ'*w«prr WITT-" r-*•*"•• «»—;**—T f ; .*„, Vi- fu.fcp.rrt ••/' <»- Cmti.*** hoik Sut» < /<'*. } **l»9*lthe nonstrating against the resolution of the Board follow in the movement Texas, itIs supposed, visit, and better qualified, perhaps, to give a O,,, ,r-»* dtiHm « #*»!.< Hi* *«d 11* €*••»«* «**•-*••*»-»cti>'> V "••OP* <" » ' * ( * * '•"•'«•»• . which deprived them of the rooms in the brown will not do so, as the Legislature Is not in ses- r»* FAMILY UKilALDm UV-te-asw,*! /o-r *<*ts per atone building and appropriated them to the Su- sion, and Governor Houston Is opposed tocorrect reporf of the United States, their re- sources, thHr institutions and their people, titan any other European traveller from two months' obeeivatiofis, not even excepting tim Duke of Newcastle, the closely observing Mentor of the Prince of Wales.Soother*AfrttattoB.It le somewhat interesting to note the factVOL VSTAU r cvUMKijPOSDorcB «•*/»«•* **»«r^ fw,,- m-ti^ittd/rom ampqmrUrt^ the awrtd, if *Md\wUl B* I*. ro/lw }«W /or ft*'«'CA KOABJ6* 00**l^*SSJSltB *** *_•»*.tT-Vs.YtNVMID tO SKA.AU.UttlU AMPA«-perior Court The remonstrants say that they calliiig It together. have not even now sufficient roomtoaccommo-These are ail secession Stateaalso probably call a State Convention for the purpose of haimonlaing, if possible the views of the tar South, with which she sympathises.THE VAKTTT1 OF POLHTCIL ASTTBATTOSB— ing up the garrotingin this chy, which was at> u SOT1CM tolcm • /«« ,/,mdm*md Bmopmm tdtivm*. JOB I'JUJfTtirG.mrmtod wit*Voll _crvAjnwftftivn THIS ITHIIO.date all their Jndgea. The paper was referred tothe Committee on Repairs and Supplies. The reportin favor of appropriating the sum of $500 to pur-chase n portrait of 'ex-Chief Engineer Howardwasadopted. TheBoardthenadjournedtoThurs- withthepreservationoftheUnion. Theaction NettJkarat Jaavaallaaa «peo<iwo»ir»*»u corrMpo^faiiM. w« dome********<wr* * • « ; -dear********* (« ,^»*l 4» Ou WIULT Hsa_u>, F-AII-V HWUUJ. a*d«»fA*rr j!i*rikTISKMKJmru Urtl• • w f w f c . T m i » ^ - r .sion of parties which now seems to be ap- breaking of the compactproaching is of aa entirely new character. We The Chevalier Webb says, in one column of kings, and which enthroned in its bosom the• U U ft* THK PACtflfl.• • w V ork H.r»irt—csvlltorala Bklltlom.XU BAU Wii-wrtitr NorU> Star, t-pt. Jono«, wiU leave tik'A port W-aterniw, u eooa, for AspinwAll.terday morning, Joseph Lambert was arrested in come down to the real issue of the wisdom or the woods, near the residence of his grandfather, wickedness of African slavery. On this the in Weetchester county, on suspicion of being the great conflict has to be fought, and fhe States murderer of Mr. Kolyer. Young Lambert was which retain it as a wise and necessary part ofnd to Induce our Southern brethren to look at the truth as it is. This statement is remarkably cool, when we consider that not very long ago the doughty Chevalier declared that the South should be "whipped into submission," and thatof enslavement and suffering, are returning to that point of their history when their institu tions were most favorable to the development of their intellectual and material greatness. They have learned, as tn the fable of too bun- dle of rods, that union is necessary to strength, and that the force of a people Lies In the con- centration of the national energies. Hence, notwithstanding local prejudices, which at one time amounted almost to the intensitymay be found nearer home, in the general depre- ciation of public securities at the Stook Exchange, and in the general fall in the price of breadstufftbe made, and not much was aooomplisbed at that. Hour His propositions of commercial reciprocities, declined 10c. a :t>c. par barrel. Extra State sold down to submitted to the President and the Secretary $5 per barrel. Whtat was la the same rredtcament, sad.Mo. 394day nextThe Board ef Councilmen held a short aessionlast evening, and. after receiving a number of re- ports from the various committees, adjourned till Thursday. A remonstrance, signed by all the Judges of the Supreme Court, against giving the rooms now occupied by that Court for the usewhich these Southern State Conventions may take will probably be the following:—Appoint ment of Commissioners to Congress asking for a call of a Convention of all the States, to con- sider existing evils and propone remedial mea- sures; appointment of Commissioners or de-WATS* I nSK AX*rAIM*—tlH t BOWBBT THBATBB, B»w«rv.-Ti« "f^KJfBAJunnr* AJOWICAJI «u»atm, Bro-dir_y.-p-rMIBaTAirrv _U»OTH*U-*. U^-MJUS' H_O, tn Bro-4—»y.— lU'JMtvO. SOUOA l*-»«3ts. *C.—U*M V».Bro*d»t.» —»T_iori_» SOMA, DAM-*, B»AU-«0|». AO.— UOTI i Unevw-iOAjrrKBBVBV Ml'*10 UAUL, BlHM~WA74—SOJICS, ingmetyesterdayafternoon,andreceived a com- nantof the Lincoln party left Itisalready upontheoldideathat a State cannot secederesolution to subpoena him to attend a meetingwhich they propose holding to-day, at three o'clock •40. U N . P .M.Si BLOW fAASW* l'as —Ta*flHere.after seventy years of a progress un-exampled tn the history of nations, wo axe Bees but to protect the gambling bells and againdriftingonrevolution,andthedissolution bousesofprostitutionfromaUmtrusion. Both of the glorious confederacy built up by the of those institutions flourish under -heir protec-i n i i T M . STalWI • A rATHU.ere opposed to any change. A resolution was adopted directing the Corporation Attor- ney to furnish to the Board a list of all the suits prosecuted for a violation of Corporation ordi-nances since last May. The Board concurred to increase the salary of the Assistant Auditor of the Finance Department to 81,500.The preseBt condition of the country is ra- pidly tending te a state of things favorable to the consideration of the necessities of the South. We have lived fifty years of political existence and experience in the last six weeks.The old democratic party no longer exists, and the elements that once constituted it are rapid ty ranging themselves on new lines of partysays, in effect if they desire to go oat of theUnion, let them go. The Times Is not quite socandid, but its conclusions are similar to thoseof the Tribune. The heroes of the Minoio have the miserable demagogues and incendiaries been all along very brave, evidently antic! who eeek to elevate themselves on thedent elect The republicans have a great congrat- and placing a political party in power in every ulatory jubilee at Springfield to-day, whan Senator Northern State, without one single exception, Trumbull will, It is expected, develope Mr. Lin- and routing the conscience of the people with coln's views on the affairs of the nation.law Is a physical, impossibility. What chance would tbe United States officers have for doing their duty " quietly and peaceably" InoftheSuperiorCourt,wasreferredtotheCom- tegatea for a Conference of Soatheru mittee on Law. The clerks of the Soperior 8tates; sMktsageof resolutions foreeh*dowingCourt have been making strenuous exertions to tfce remedies and constitutional guarantees de-aid that the North can possibly give them, thetone of the black republican press continues tobedefiantintheextreme. TheTribunewarm-ly ppposee any attempts to conciliate the peopleof Sonth Carolina, Alabama and Georgia, and patriotism and eacriflcea of our forefathers. tion- In fact, a part of their principal occupa-sired by the Sooth, and probable action ot the Sessions, but the majority of the committee South in case of failure of these expectationsdisplace the Supreme Court and t i e GeneralTbe experiment of the ballot and representa- tive institutions would seem not to be capable of' sustaining itself, against the efforts ofgineers, having been ordered by the Secretary ofWar to relieve Captain D. P. Woodbury of thecommand of Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, arrivedthere in the steamer Magnolia, Captain Crowell, onbis arrival on cur shores, some two months ago, he has traversed the country to the extent of five thousand miles, has more or less elaboratedWilliam B. Morgan, Surveyor of the ( port of Havre de Grace, Maryland. <Jacob C. Hewlett, Shrtwyor of th* Spring,N. T.—compensation, fees.All the above ha »e been re-appointed. William Prlcbard, Surveyor of the Isireat Cotefor Newt*.the "th inst. The transfer of the charge of the for- to our commercial classes, at public or socialtifications from Captain Woodbury to Captain meetings, in thirty different places the pur-Meigs took place on the 10th inst Captain Wood- bury returns to Washington.poses and propositions of his mission, and.after a flattering official reception at Washing-ryport, Mesa., in place of Nathaniel Jackson, n.hwion ha* expired, and who deoUnrd a 1 compeniation four hundred and seventeen dollars.Th* President has completed writing his annualMAiL Aonan on t n racme COAST.|1 here was a panic la the market for grain and flour ton, be has returned to this c>ty, whence be willState GoBveBtion as soon as the eieotoral col- leges ehall haeecatt their votes tor President No other State has yet taken pnblio action,Greeleys, Raymonds and Webbs, to say nothing of the smal' fry In the rural districts, persist ia bully rig tbe South? Mr. Lincoln may as well begin to pray that he may be saved from his friends. -Ike »pecial Alderman'.c committee appointed toinvestigate the amount of interest paii on the citydeposit- and the security given for their safe keep- policy. In six months there will not be a rem- and softening of the backbone, falling backmunication from the City Chamberlain declining toDAHCAI, U«--«»«W1A _C. _____HOTPALHALL, B»ooklyA^Wo«_i*Z~^t*g*tTM appear before them, whereupon they passed a beformedoutofitscomponents; but thedivi to tbe federal constitution authorizing theThe mAtiA for CkltforatA - n i other parte of live P_ciflo conveyed to Brooklyn, and lodged in the Fifth their social system must receive, throughwill etoar at bat o'clock to-morrow more tog-The Kiw T oaa WBWXT HIAALD—California elltloa— eoAtAktlac U M - t e s t IeteUifeaee from all parte of the word, with » lergo «ea-tlt- of leaU awl i-welliaetiaemetier, will be p-Mttbee at erne o'clock la the mor_i*f. ShtfJe ceplea, —i •refpeae, rea~y lor _uUli_f, etc eaaA—ward st-tion house of that city. He will be taken before the Coroner 3 inquest to-morrow.The case of Alderman Russell against ex-Alder- man Wilson, for an assault committed some months since in the City Hall, was tried yesterday beforeamendments to the constitution, guarantees »n another occasion he informed an astonishedAfloate win pleeee eewl la their ordere ea early ae poe- a sheriff's jury, who gave the plaintiff 85,000On one point—and it Is a most important•la one—wefindtheblackrepublicanpressunited. ofhatred,wefindSouthern Italy voting withetWe,damages.Tfce Tammany Hall Democratic GeneralCom-mittee met last evening, and apppointed to-morrow night as the time for holding elections for delegates to the various conventions for the nomination ofThe Host. Mr. Lladaajr, M. P., Volunteer Commercial Hlastom to the1 eiftd states.It is not improbable that the practical results of the voluntary commercial mission of the Hon. Wm. S. Lindsay, M. P., to the United States will teach a valuable lesson to the offi cial graduates of the European circumlocutionmsnonon or laaaniit A » During th* absence ef th*Araorte*. the** Important duties win be Colonel Craig, chief of the Ordinance 1John N. Merrtam, Collector ef t town, E C , compensation S400.MALL8 FOE BUBOPK.It has been suggested In various quarters, North and South, that there was more feeling in the cotton States with regard to the hostile legfsla tion of the North than npon the mere fact of Lincoln's election. With a black re- publican administration, federal officers of the same stripe, and all other per- eons in many of the free States prevented by local law from carrying out the provi- sions of the Fugitive Slave azt, the South, it is alleged, would have no longer any rights In the North, and might be better off out of the Union than in It Tbe repeal of the Personal Liberty laws would, it is believed, do a great deal towards calming tbe South, because under those circumstances the incoming adminis- tration could not say that the federal officers were unable to execute the law In certain ritates on account of the opposition of localone acclaim its annexation to the Northern States, under the rale of a constitutional King. Whilst here we weary of the fraternal bonds under which we have become prosperous and happy, the people of Italy are content to make any sacrifices so that all tbe members of the great Italian family can be brought within the same circle of influences.But a more impressive fact still than tins as- sertion en the part of the Italians of the right of expelling rulers distasteful to them, and of choosing their own Institutions, is the emphatic approval given to their course by the English government in the recent despatch of Lord John RnsselL That England should thus dis- tinctly admit a principle which strikes at the doctrine of hereditary right, shows that she is prepared to make those further concessions to tbe popular demands in connection with herfbrTheIke Oeaard aallrteamehipPereii, Cbpt. Jedkiee, will candidates for city officers. A committee was ap-Mew Y erk Herrnld—JC-ltlon Keuwpa.•• wjorge-I 1 < 1 1 cI t 1 tpointed to prepare an address on the present crisis to public affairs.imret-ie porttoaMWrowtorUrerpool.The Earopeaa amUe will eiose la ihla city to-morrow•Mra-c at tea o'etaek.The EcEoraut SDmoer or tan __-ALD wUl bo puMiehed»t h-lfpeet o!ne o'clock Ui_M__nU_ff. B_fte oopiee, In wrapoere, «x caete.The oooieate of the Etrmonuii EDmowo* m _ - i s wlll eeaablae the aewa reoarfed by maO and telegraph at the o«oe durtnf the prertooe week, earn ap te the hoar ef peblieatloa.= . , Tfce Newt.We have no new reports of A atartling characterfrom the Sooth this morning. News of that sort yeaterdey. To effect sales at all heary concessions had to depart In to-morrow's steamer for England.James ktcFf trtdge, Collector of the Customs for Miane- sou, at Fttnbtea, compensation « 300.Alfred Palmer, Surveyor of tbe Customs for the port of Urbina, Viigtnia.Captain M. C. Meigs, corps of United States En- office in the true science of diplomacy. SinceVirginia willPARALLEL BETWEEN ITALIAN ACT AKEBICAN AKFAns.—It has been remarked by one of the most brilliant and forcible of English writers that history is but a cycle of events In which nations are broughjt again round to the point from whence they have started. The observa- tion, although somewhat arbitrary In Its terms, is just now receiving a singular illustration in the respective aspect! of political affairs In thisthat time quite prevalent and, therefore, proved a blessing to the community.This mode of highway robbery Is again breaking out in our midst, with every prospect of increasing, through the hard times that are now knocking at Che doom of the melrimiittt Several gentlemen have already fallen victims to these prowling bands; yet our police are per-tion appears to be to escort their rural Mends to see tbe lions exhibited In those houses oa their arrival in this city This may be oae of the modes that they have for retunrfag tbe favor of the rami politicians for legislating them into office; but It It not what the public, who pay liberally to support the police In this city, expect in return for their money.HiTsMiL CiPITiL,,«~-s»»-^_-»ybroken, and personal factions are beginning to without procuring the passage of an amendmentoccurring here, what spectacle do we behold in Italy? There,in the country which gave birth to tbe doctrine of the divine right of. Cblef A<oat to*. Wiatuaviw,Nov.IS,1SS8.It tt understood that information has bean rwatrVSi from the Governor of Washington Territory, that a Ion board an Amer*can vessel, which entered theof Victoria, Vancouver'! Island, baa bean taken from the vceael and set free by the Chief Justice of the Island. A pretty high handed measure tola.tn ausnonTO•moo.It Is not known by the administration that 1Waller will accept tbe mission te Mexico. Thewhich teavea New, Tork aa the Slat Inst will carry the information to bim. If he aoeepte, aaj aWtWatawas are toproceed to Mexico witboot delay and relieve Mr.tt appears from the deepaushee of Mr. McLaaeMexican affaira are in a wretched oandittoB, and he hat given up.all hope of aooompllahlng anything for oar go- vernment They absolutely 1 erased tothat would be acceptable to the Unitedhave cleared away the old lumbering and em-worst ecclesiastical despotism that the world considerable attention. About four o'clock yes- barrassing political organizations, and have everything in his power to allay excitement. has ever witnessed, its people, after centuriesThe murder at New Lotts continues to attractbis paper, that it has been his great object to doagainst hostile attacks from the fanaticism or misled conscience of the Northern States, or the Union must be dissolved.world that he would shoulder a musket and march, like another Bayard, against the seces- sionists.sates ooold oajy be effected at a decline of 4s a 60. per of State, were, we understand, most kindly en- theWestOurreadersarereferredtothemoneybushel.RedWesternsolddowntoSI22a$125,Milwau-tertained;andweareledtoanticipatethere-enactments.Inotherwords,theSouthbelievesowndomesticpolicy,theresistancetowhichbeenappointedrpectalagentofthatdepartmentforthein this city and at all the principal grain depots atMartin T. McMahoo, of the PoalOffioe Department, ha*article, city trade and telegraphic reports for par- ticnlars.The banks of the metropolis have come forward to the relief of the merchants. At a meeting of bank officers held yesterday afternoon at the Bank of Commerce, at which were represented the fol- lowing banks:—Bank of New York, hmnri-tUn Bank, Merchanu" Bank,Mechanics' Bank,Union Bank,Pheni- Bank,City Bank,National Bank,Bank of the Bute of New York, American Exchange Bank, Bank of the Republic, Metropolitan Bank,Shoe and Leather Bank, Continental Bank,Park Bank,Bank of Commerce,It was unt-imoQely "resolved, that the bank1) represented wUl mute in the purchase, 0)rough a committee, of sterling bills to the extent of! two inilliens live hundred thousand dollars, and nay for the same in proportion to their capital pro rata, upon the call of the committee.'' Messrs. John A.Stevens, Moses Taylor and Thos. Tileston were ap- pointed such committee. The business of trans- ciiaaion of the bills, A c , te to be conducted by the Bank of Commerce for the Joint accoont of thehanks interested.We learn from reliable sources that a very greatexcitement prevails among the officers of the navy in consequence of the present state of affairs at the South, and that so adverse are they t-> a i-olli aion with their fellow citizens in that qua '••,- taa: there will be an almost universal re«i£u„ti|_o uf their ci niniiwkms as soon as hostilities hi ik out. They will not imbrue their hands in the blood of their brethren.Henry Ward Beecher delivered a lecture in the Cooper Institute last evening, on the conclusion of which he treated the audience to an exposition of his sentiments upon the present state of the Union. Bis remarks on this subject will be found in an-other column.The despatches which we publish this morningfrom Springfield, Illinois, are ioteresting. There is a great deal of speculation just now as to the com- position of the Cabinet of the President e l e c t The names which were given hi the HKBALD of the 10th inst. and which are reproduced in to-day's paper, are, we are assured, nearer the mark than any others. Mr. Lincoln will vteit Chicago on Wednes- day, where he will meet Mr. Hamlin, the Vice Presi-was Irregular, with sales of 960 a 1,090 bales, 800 of which was ia transit Provisions were dull sad lower.Sogers were dcU and sales limited. Freights ware steady, with a moderate amount ofthat tbe State and federal authorities could and would combine to render the Fugitive Slave act null and void. The idea of sending a black republican marshal to catch a fugitive slave, where there was any loophole through which the officer could eecdpe from the performance of his duty, according to his oath, is extremelyIn conjunotio > with Lord Lyons, his familiar rich.bas hitherto afforded her the only real cause of anxiety.That which Louis Napoleon demonstrated in regard to France, Great Britain now fully re- cognizee in regard to herself and all other governments—that sovereigns for the future can only reign by the favor of the masses, And it It significant that, notwithstanding the practical illustration of this doctrine by the people of Italy, and its endorsement by Eng- land and France, the despotic governments of the Continent dare take no steps to nullify I t The fact is that they find their action paralyzed between two dangers. If they assume the of- fensive, revolution weakens them from OHhia, whilst at the same time they will be assailed from without If they yield a passive assent to to the new political theories which are being formulated by the constitutional governments, they will themselves be ultimately subjected to their application.Thus, whilst Western Europe is advancing in tbe path of political reform and regeneration, our government, which was looked upon as the grandest political experiment th at the world had ever witnessed, is disappointing the expecta- tions that it had inspired. We had hoped to teach other nations that republican institutions were compatible with stability and cohesion. We are now, alas! taking steps to convince them that they are the frailest and most uncertain of hu- man "ties.Pacific coast, and commissioned to visit and report aawa th* Indian tribes in Texas and Alison*. He leave1to morrow morning for St Louis, and will go th—rw tr Ban Francisco by the Butterfteld overland route.'TH* Praaldoatlal Election. TBB vers or CALiroaviA.WAanxmnon, Nov. It, IMS. Reliable private California defpatchee aay that Pewghwhas 3,000 aver Lincoln, and 11,100*v*r Brecklaridge THE VOTE OP ILLINOIS.CnicAeo, DL, Nov. It, 1MB. The official veto of Illtnou Is as follows:—Linoote, ITS S i t ; Douglas, ISO,649; BaU, 4 8+6. Breckinridge, 1,218.The increase tn toe vote rtnoelSMti 108,131.Tbe 111lnoia Banhi.CHICAGO, Nov 18, SflOOur bankers to-morrow, will throw wet the notes of th* following banks —American awBwAawj Bank, Slate Bank (Shawneetown), Bank of the Commonwealth, Bank of Raleigh, Cora Exchange Bank, National Bank and Bask ofAurora.BrnnrermcD, Til., Nov. 19,1MB. Tbe Bank Commissioners hare been in session several day*, and bave waned n oall upon twenty two banks of tbe Bute for additional security, la amount* varying fromthree ts eight per oaat of their clrcnUtlon, to be within thirty five days. The detctt ia leas than hundred thousand doUart- K* doubt Is entertained but that tbe banks embraced In toe call wilt promptly re- spond. The circulation of th* other banks of the State, numbering nearly on* hundred, is amplyT h e P h l i a o a l p n l a W e t n i y meat.PmLADBLPBIi, NOV. 19, 1SSS Our bank rteWment for the paal week show* tbe tot-kee club to SI 15 a SI 18, and t'hicaco sprint; to SI OS a from certain practical bee*fits to the merchant,SI 14. corn fall off from le. to 2c. per bushel. Cotton the shipowner, the ship captain, and the sea-their own section. Seward and the black re-publican party have proclaimed the bloodyand brutal doctrine of an " irrepressible con-flict " against the Institution of African slavery,which is vital to Southern society. The menof the South have seen the same doctrine pro- various other reciprocal regulations proposedcountry is passing. He does not perceive thatwe are at this moment in almost the same revo-lutionary condition as we were when tbe confe-deracy was formed. Here are fifteen Southern fine, with clear i iahi£, cold arid frtway-claimed years ago in France, and bow it swept with inexorable ruin over St Domingo; they saw it rousing the conscience of England, and remorselessly sacrificing the material and social interests of the British West India colonies; and now they contemplate the same fallacies appealing to the moral sentiment in the North,by Mr Lindtav are to manifestly the deductions of common tense good will and liberality, that there cannot be much difficulty in reducingthem to practice.Mr. Lindsay .has bad an interesting tour ofobwrvation in tbe United States. Aa a volun-teer comme/cial ambassador from John Bull toBrother Jonathan his enterprise was a novel tricts the execution of the Fugitive Slave one. We date say, nevertheless, that next to«he tour of observation amongst us of theGuicb miotnr bas also near); neasedVast quantities of qcarts for tprirg operations ar* fcett-K raised from deep 1> ads- The Provts<enat Legislator* arM0»r»i*d oa Monday and orrsntz* d temporarflj, and on the following day pertna- aeatly. Tbe Governor then delivered b<s message, and roth bouses«('joo> red < r t>i Mrmday. the 19th last8-rht exrher gr ,,,. NVw Yor* is tt S *; a S par cent p**- niiom, and on 8t Lnu<r at 3 a i% per cent premium.Tfce average 0i>eorsa of the gold now offering tt SIT r*r «>unee hi the harThe shlpioet.ts of tre»frrre th's weehjreaa follows:— On ih» linn msl. -v b>cek>e; A Co's Wrprees. 910 OSS: oh the 13th. uy the Calttnrcta Overland Central aad Piae* fVek Fjtp'<=» SfOOOO also this morning, by the latter mmp-oy M 900Two trams of fifiv four w*gons for Jones &Oartwrlgtrt, ard one team of thirty Ave wagosa, ft*r J B Doyle A f came in yesterday—in all, eighty cine wagon*—with VQ tons of goods _»»__.large numbers ef sipers and ethers are stLI snttlaf wt.fOTth* St Jman mine*. ^ _, «__.Col 8t Train armed on Saturday from New M*x*o He in quite ct c«d»nt that the **W d*w»»*rttS la that range will pnve vtry rich.Twenty w'lia have nearrv all stopped awjan* mostly on account of the failure of water by th* weather."Tn* Barest IWvewv* Cu Narunmia, 111, Bov. IBTo* proceeding* In th* Ba'Oh <»*•»• aatotaeonSnad to th* examination of ^**l*f*J!TM*__1to their qualifications ai jurort. A fall tSBSB] was BWaW obtained,consistingoftbe•oltowtognamedPf***:-**- J. Wtteox, L atnoro, B. WiUafd, P »»5j*"!Pt5£*»•"!• D Strnckmaa, William F ^ . , * * 1 * ^ ^ 0 * ^ ^ ^ ' . Hughft. A. E Barnard, H. W. Lyman sad Alfred Water, man. The Jury wan than sworn, cautioned by the Court to keep themselves free from prejudice, and discharge*. The Court toes adjourned till nine o'clock tomorrowthe uncompromising assertion that "slavery isan evil and a crime."' In this the South feelsthat honor, as well as its dearest interests,California, so far as heard from, indicate that the Is involved: and it presents to-day the specta to »he endr of peace and good wilffaefween theBy the pony express we have news from Sen Francisco to the 8th, and from Oregon to the 1st inst The returns of the Presidential election inPrince of Wales, this amateur diplomatic visit of the distinguished member of Parliament under review will prore to be more valuableMassachusetts, or Onondaga or S t Lawrence, in this State? What chance had they in the city of Chicago last week? .The Personal Liberty laws ought to be repealed, for various reasons other than the conciliation of the Sonth. They raite a conflict of jarkdiotion between the State and United States courts, and place the citizen who wishes to discharge all his duties and obligations between two fires. If thelawsarepracticallyofnoaccount,aethesegar drinking his lager bier and cracking his familiar jokes op in Springfield, while the coun- try is on the verge of ruin.Beispiobably occupied over hit lager and segar with tbe question as to how many of the endorsersof Helper's book be will put Into his Cabinet—a course which will tend to mcrease tbe exasperation tenfold— unconscious, we pre-sume, that at this very moment we are in themidstofarevolution,thatallpartiesarebrokenilectoral vots of the State will be east for Lin- cle of a community of twelve millions of people coln. A despatch from Washington, however, bandog almost with unanimity against thesaid to be reliable, gives Dongtes tflto pluraliry People of the North, who fester the hydra oftwo great, commercial nations concerned than al their cold and formal red tape reciprocities of the last forty yean.This misrion of Mr. Lindsay-an Am-waeew idea0iginatingontbeothersideofthebat been carried out In the truesyle. Dr. Franklin, at the Court of Louis XVI., was the founderoftideAmericanschoolof diplomacy, which simply consists i s a plain,anti-alavery fanaticism, that would crush out Oregontherepublicanswereveryconfidentofcar- theirsocialexistence.over Lincoln and 11,089 over Breckinridge, farying the State, as many of the Douglas men hadgone over to then* party. *It b said that the re-ports of the preparations for scene-ion in theSouthernAtlanticStateshadproducedbutlittleeffect in San Francteco, They had, however, re-ceived no advices from this aide of the mountains movement has, throngh her Legislature, called honest, straightforward system of dealing be-a State Convention for the 17th of politkalaffain having diverted attention from bo.. intioriied Its executive to talis by loanwithin the past few months the country has un-later than the ftth instTrade wist rather dull,tween two governments, as between two honestUntitled Documentmew. The Bcurbon Court of France, trained tothe arts of deception, overreaching, equivoca-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tion and suspicion, at first embanaseed,www.fultonhistory.compinees.At a meeting, of the Bo*?* of Alfjemea bgt on the suspension of epece paymentB by thenot that the South, as we understand it. claims any grace at the hands ot tbe party which Is now taking so impolitic and danmrona a ami.ideas than it bas experienced during toe whole morulas:.of its previous existence as aa independent na- •InnDnsnimousasthissentimfQtteinthe public mind of the South, it BeoeatarOy takes slowly anddeliberatelythee/orm of publicaction. South Oarolina, which is the most advanced in'Tribune says, why not erase them 4rom the up, all old political systems shaken, and thatmillion of dollars, and removed the restrictionsman engaged in the vast commercial exchanges between the two countries, of a highly gratify- ing character to all concerned. What they are likely to be Mr.Lindsay wUl most probablyof tlta Revol _Uo«—Public Sentl-t and Pmbllc Action avs Thai Far indicatetoth3 Chamber of Commercetoday.Developed.In contemplating the movements at the South*conferences with Mr. Buchanan, Gen. Cass and Mr. Cobb, as we are Informed, resulted in a fall and cordial understanding upon the seve-Under these circumstances tbe conservative press of the North has called for the repeal of the Personal Liberty bills, and this call has•care ehonld be taken to discriminate betweenthat which really constitutes the public actionof a State and those indications of existing ral propositions discussed; and we learn, fur-been met with scorn and contempt The TYioune states, in the first place, that the Per- sonal Liberty laws are practically of no account; that all the clamor about them is hollow and delu- sive, and that the States will modify, repeal or retainthemasandwhentheysee fit TheTribune bas more about the arrogance of the South, and declares that no halfway measures should be adopted with such people. The Post takes the same ground as the Tribune. The Times, doing the Blondin business, in its usual style, proposes that tbe general government shall reimburse the owners of the slaves who may escape. If the people of the State into which the slave did not begin till some time after, and would ally achieved, will find it becoming the occa- flees could be taxed for bis value, more of the never have been at all had the British govern sion to recognise the valuable services of Mr. fugitives, we opine, would be returned to ser-public opinion which do not constitute pub- lic action, although they may eventually con- trol itther , that this successful volunteer ambassador received, before leaving Washington, the foil consent ef the President and Cabinet publicly to make known the nature of hie conferences and the views and purposes of the administra- tion touching the several treaty stipulations suggested.The excited movements which have takenplace in Charleston in the last few days, culmi-nating in the raising of an independent flag,and saluting it with the "Marseillaise Hymn,"amid the acclamations of the people, Instead ofwith the once popular air "Hail Columbia,"bear the same relation to the spirit of the timesin the Southern States that the throwing of thetea overboard in Boston harbor bore to thespirit of that era. The War of Independence what he came to do, and of what he has virtu-I1 I1 S f 4 1Cr af« 4avb e l o1< ala cVb bw1111 OlwLi bi os BI Sw tnI 6C at kr Vment and Parliament rightly comprehended the public opinion of the thirteen colonies and the principles which underlaid it Bat in- stead of seeking to examine these, and initiatine remedies for existing evils, the policy of cof-T ^n was adopted and the bloody war and pi . • tnt consequences which followed are Wfll B-M'Wn-ta alLLindsay in the work of removing the numerous vice or labor.stupid restrictions and obstructions, in the way It remains, as usual, for the (.burin- to capof petty taxes, criminal prosecutions, A c , tbe climax of all this absurdity. The ChevalierFmm " •"In the South tidings come tous of a ^iu« iog state of excitement in the pub-lic mind. All parties, of whatever political com-plexion hitherto, are uniting in the universalfeeling of defence for the social organization of national law. In no event however, do weRTawafrom. Plhe'a P**k.FOR Kaananr, Nov. 19, MM.Two onacbes of the Pike'e Peak express, which left Denver on the Ifitb, parsed here tor St. Joawph at an* u'elo k yesterday afternoon, with full toads.By this arrival we bave the foUowing advice*:— Dnvxx Cm. November It, IMS.Anow atorm eetin on therveotogoftn* ltth, _. Iwted twrnty four hours In this city tbe ground wad* r>»rely covered at any rme.tbe aaow Taelttoc rapidly. AtGulden City It atalned a depth ofetybt Inches, at Gre- r»ry'• twelve inches and on the Dietoe, twenty five mt.ea tooth of here, twelve Irenes The f*n on h*gh rentes •pp*an> to have been rerv fceav?, and the wagon road* V" tbe western elope are. doufet.es WocsH up for the win- ter Tbe weather >eeierday aon this morning was varyWe will not undertake to anticipate further the contemplated expositions of Mr. Lindsay before the Chamber of Commerce. We may venture the opinion, however, that his intelli- gent audience, after hearing his statement ofwhich embarrass tbe operations of trade be- tween the ports of England and those of theUnited States.Of course we cannot undertake to pro-mise any immediate treaty comprehending tbe reciprocal concessions embraced in the programme of Mr. Lindsiy. but we doubt not that he has town the seed which be- fore long will produce the ripened fruit of inter-Webb gives an elaborate abstract of tbe Personal Liberty laws in order to prove, first that they do not nullify tbe Fugitive Slave law; secondly, that if they did the States bad a right to enaot them; thirdly, that it is tbe intent of the laws to make itdifficultfortheclaimanttoobtainthereturn of bis slaves; fourthly, that it would be as well to modify the laws somewhat, but that there can be no hope M for such repeal until the Fugi- tive Slave law itself shall first be shorn of its offensive features;" sixthly, that the law is now executed as fairly as can be asked, and if the 4 United States officers do their duty quietly and peaceably the law can be executed tn every Northern State, and we believe that under a republican administration it will be thus exe- cuted."owing:— iDe*ree**takiaM...-rvYTr~~~JAiiiLiDecrease tn deportta.JfStdM .^77r;7.Tr*_1 AM lasflM 104 999presume that the objections of our government and people to a free participation of EogLand in our coasting trade will be removed. That re- ciprocity, which would be all on one sicK must necessarily be indefinitely postponed. But thethat just at this perilous juncture, when thecotton States are ripe for secession, and whenthe conservative men of the South need all the country and in Italy.fectly silent upon It They make 1 but on the other hand, look on with difference, and seem to have •pating that there would not be any very great trouble in the South; but latterly the deliberate way in which the fire-eaters have gone to work nas frightened our quadrilateral contemporary, and he showB signs of weakness in the knees,mini of our national prosperity. To what their wicked schemes will bring us it is impossible to foretell. Who can say that out of the chaos Into which they are dragging us we can again resolve the debris of our in- stitutions into thei* original framework?States actually moving In a revolutionary direc- tion, under the coercion of eighteen Northern States, with grievances to complain of just as heavy as those under which the colonies suffered from a foreign government; and yet tbe President elect declines to take any mea- sures calculated to moderate the excitement which is driving the South to extremes, and already producing at the North the most disas- trous results to trade and commerce. Nero fiddling while Rome was burning is not an Ashtabula county, Ohio, or Worcester county. inapt illustration of Mr. Lincoln smoking bisWe have little to say in regard to the Courier's false logic, and only a word as to its misstatements of fact Everybody knows thaithe Personal Liberty bills do practically nullify a federal law which is founded upon the const! mtion; everybody knows that in some dis-statute books ? Certainly the republican parrycan afford to be magnanimous to the S o u t h - dergone a more extraordinary change ofWhilsteventsofsuchmelancholygravityare An Americam 8laiv* Set byaiXKsre-sein circulation MB. LINCOLN REFUSES TO SPEAK IN FAVOB OF Increane in speciePEACE—Mr. Lincoln, it appears, obstinately refusestosayanythingordoanything toallay tbe excited feelings now prevalent In the South, but coolly refers to tbe sentiments expressed by bim six years ago, when he was a petty looal politician in Illinois. This course of Mr. Lincoln very plainly shows that he does not comprehend the nature of tbe crisis through which theThe money market today Is easier.^^ ._ . _ BcvLaar, Vt., Nov. U,19tO. 9Flaw ttt Rwtlasad. Vt*-•-.-. .. L^i_ II m _tehHI 