 ifeet wide jaid six feet deep, through the middle of While, at the same time, tbe.cotton *old it a higher the *pae<i to be occupied by the dam, this/ trench t> pricef than ever before or since. In 180 3 the price be filled up with the stiffe&t clay ihatjcan be had, in England rose from sixty cents to hear a dollarlubricated. T«is is doneby a compositiou of wax views taken on this important subject Tours Jfppsar and grease being inserted between charge and shot, to be broad and comprehensive, lookingfor and aiming ' which at ihe sam< time tends to decrease what- •at the triumph of a great principle. Theirs comparative*-'. ever windage there inay be left. The material of ly narrow, aimufg at the advancement of anindividnaL•dischargi d ;in|to the sea by means Iof sluices, or which allow* d i twenty-five per „cent1,:m & s dtBt-xut from the coast. It appears, how-ever, that they were BOt the first European occu-pants of this secluded spot, for they found on tbeisland a deserted fort built of hewn stone from the America took on a very cosmopolitan characterwhich on imny estates are far in front of the the slave-trade in 1807 cut off the supply of labor EARTH. existing j Icultii ation, are in charge of some trusty which had been so profusely expended in the open- To the Editor tf TJu JX. F. Trtinm*.CKnerslJackson, or Harrison, Or T*>l>r. Conoeedeut and Rhode Island are balao« ed Now let uslook neix- er home, and see if there is not danger even here. OurSB»•far extended that the new colony was formally or- plantations should such ever be established, the wae conlini ed fo • any great distance. rang^o of 1,400 yardis. Any highor elevation in fieldganized with a Legislature and Courts of its own. means of drainage and communication with the Thete a$ first weie established on as island, about *ea~,•that town itself is of much more recent date.• In 1745, orie Andrew Pieters obtained permissionsea coast and of fencing out the ocean itself.The immediate inducement to the estabttshment' 4BBTX1SH GUEAHA «TA3 KESCUED three or,four English privateers off the mouth of -*{-•. •feet wid at bottom, with a step oi. parapet on established by the English. They pur<based also either si e of six Ufeet, the main dam to be five many Of the old Dutch properties, and though thet'HkftSft!***to the selection, by the Republican Convention, to Bo " the Hods >n was so named, or Fort of war, the commandeM «f Jf^pS d;eelared that feet and hi half high, and sixteen feet wide. Dutch laws and forms of administration were pie- patented material, <ialled " homogeneous iron/' of held at Chicago, of a candidate lor President, and hay*i»i»iwnri m r,< i. )! .'.""""'Jjfg••mpHiBnBi«££&?>*2*ffi * «wmir «$«•#UW - '-?Detteksm a**B«s<tyiibV w*ro*i*ken •po *Wi ^n Hquired pi rtcnlar cere both in its original coustrac- to share in the profits which the cultiva bion of the c'rcular, but hexagonal; the pitch of its rifling istion and s preservation. A little work on Practi- coaat lands' afforded. Plantations bwfore long; very near twice as high -as that of the ArmstrongV late^., ticnai < ftoad* t *' .ineeiic;' ».• ; Asa , ihe caoiocctrpyi which ti . 'Ko^h'ni .,.' **r*w*d ,; -fiontb;^ " wif-hrht"forbejf« »- when!„. ^resi<*« i atlons «• t n e 1'«<••'• Sontberl', *p«bl»rt publicad »*#• in I < awibject-' • ..iisjeoi»e , r: '• «nmeceetoward,r '-"-snd.tbfi'j . destrov. •.•.,-* Itmaij forBOmi lican paii r::*pocted \]• ^uch'm*: tC'*f a r«eT "valued,'moral'*?: eiasees cishmp»Mi«»l * -dassof Zi ' , •over:wi^apect^b e Ba^esor; DelawR•-< ported T> virgmia. llxsfouri- names JU circunuu wiSBty,fiito its saptW.tbjf , iadispehj>s Vice-Pxw:nsver LA and, how* he to t>-* f on* sectioOo*» v»: and the, D ander thi •waved &rTo 'mat lair [and i flaying Uiu •r John H . gentemeicedperau respecta.muhmf t To the T.f.iuEUZ 1 ! Ton (Eesnbj dent, and t and the gocolumstot eelyes of n Jformy o v from *h* iwhere froci £nd much, ciaely accoIn all•: hi "sating U/8prinmplee,[TMr*ATt*W) •F R O M T H E S E A .the Betnerara, foiIo<wd shortly after by t w o sloofoand pecuniary value were probably less than those •fone good sugar plantation of foe present day.longs to the Dutch planters of having firat hit uponthe idea of dyking and draining the low lands, aad ofcost for •;leir erection from fifteen to twenty thoursand do Jars, vvEth an annual outlay to work them, wronght-iron tubes in a spiral form, the upper-• • >;aotJoo * h i c * *he Dutch aotlwrHiee h « of tnebreaking oo^6f'JtK»t»lH4rt wis thea^eftraiwe of that thes dams should be not less th m thirty-six uj» with great avidity. Many new estates were•^^•^^^^•rt-'^^**^*'•RIBUKE, SA TCKDA Y ,MA Y.M-. *:•••• -.^v^,,4tEHE PRESIDENCY^.•'.>. « V *, •*»...'•••«xp7«*8ivename of the Wild Coast. A mere aW*m#BabJoiobe overflowed by the ocean to the deptiof three or four feet at ev«-ry spring tide, and due- at first with Wank cartridges, and, if th*t nag the rainy seasons to a still more formidable in- did not bring them to, with shot.' But, -if'lactation from tbe interior, the line of the *•** the ships relumed the fire, he was forthwithcoast, which forms at present tbe inhabited «ad cultivated port on of Britfch Guian v, did not seem toholdoutmanyInducement* to settiemeafc Tec as early as 15S(Dr-<otemporaneou«Iy with BaleigYsto hoist a white flag, and call a parley, *nd if they still continued to .fire, to pull down his flagaltogether. Thisproposedmockeombatnever came out After some discussion with a lieutenantimitatingla,seabeach. ' Thefrontand!back dams are always Blbjeota of anxiety, and need constant watchfuless*andattention. .Thes*?delines,so called, of two abutting plantations are consolidated into a siQgle dam, which series the purposedollars were advanced by English commercial houses for the purchase of slaves and. the other ex- pensesattendantupontherapidextensionofculti- vation now going oo.', The Peace of Amiens, and the feistora fcion of thecashirecoast. Theniwerethreeguns—a3-pounder, me with their favorita, to success[with anyattempttoplantacolonjrontnecoastofwhat:* ofoneofthesloope-of-war,whahadbeensentto BSJW North Carolina—a Dutch expedition from the them w t h a summons to surrender, the Dutch au-ports,weselecttbe•12-pounderasanidustration. mas; Isit*tothe party7 Youaredonbtkssj This gun was 7 feet 9 inches long, and weighed 8 ware that, in and about this'locali vy, there Is a strong .er8onal feeling in favor, of Mr. Seward, and repug- cwt; The common 12-pounder, for round shot,' is nance, nearly allied to hostility, agaJnst all otherd (feet 6 inches long, aod weighs 18 cwt. The "named as candidates. As times and politics are a little) these-dans, which soon become covered with a speculation. The last hatch of bibs which the ranges obtained w i n Wbitworth'jj gun were as fol- ut of joint and erratic, this state ol things is not very •province of New-Zealand, established a post ae*thorities, finding he would aire them no informa-i f of Spaniards and Indians from the S^au;sh set- conquest. A superior French force arrived soonprevails | on many plantations, consist of pillars of aggravated by a* severe drouth which cut off the The precision obtaiied by the Whitworth giin was have gone. Against Dou.las, I think it preposterous very satisfactory, and at least as Jgood as thnt of to claim for him fUinois and Indiana. Ir^oil feelingbrick wo rk, h:iviog grooves in which moves up and plaintain crop, the principal dependence for feed- and influence, the cry of toe W««t for her first candi- down a ijrood*n gate or door, hoisted, by means of ing the slaves, among whom a great mortality oc- the Armstrong gun in lateral deflection; as to date, will sweep those States l>ke the winds. * Iowaafter, and took possession, the French commander from their first position, they retired inland, and in his turn, proclaiming himself Governor; but attlements in what is now Venezuela. Thus expelledtook possession of a small island at the juncttoa ofthe HazaniT.i and Coyuni, the two gr^at tributariesthe peace ol Pans in 1783 the Dutch dominion was reestablished. • Tbe new colony of Deinerarahad by tb:s lime so <ar outgrown "ihe parent settlementa siaiple wheel and axle, as soon "as tbe water on curred.. .longitudinal variatiors, 'the experiments do not ad- will, on tbe e^me gr</ond, be in great danger, with; the chances against nim. Po< nsvlvanla is alwayswhich enter the Essequibo from the west, justhelow the heai of navigation, and s>me fifty of Es*equibo that the two were now united, andtreochH and closed again when the tide risesvto States curtailed < the extravagant profits hitherto^!»I**„i,.i nyowNlaadir-l Slaver; ttfribnCra»*e or Ne«w-Amsterdam had tee* plaoted on it» they had Lord B o a t ' s orders ,tojtake p >asewion at the 'tm. j The first step in the construction of served, the colony became every day more andadventurous Dutch navigator* had coasted of the colony,;njponthe»aii» ti»r^ whieh had been, shallow and muddy waters, traced the low granted to S t Eastat.ua, Th*s comuiuoication"£#xe*j and entered and ascended too principal having been tranirinitted to the Court of PoMcy of ^vers of Xh&Um/%t regies' to which they gate, tho Esseouibo, toot doogbjy body voted th*V ^ ^such a di m aftar lining off and oloaring the ground, more English. The rage for cotton pHntmgwaaenemy attempted to ascend the river, tbe command-ant of the fort should be directed to ore at th-m, peddled md rammed in, and this clay wall to be„ tbe pouDd. A t this rate, fortunes weie realizedthe gun is so tough that it will easily stand 3,000 rounds without any damage to the bore.Yon give Ins the arguments pro and con, in a spirit of • kindness and cordiality; tbey seem to use something, like threats instead. You give Us the names of many .the nver PomerooB, at the western limit of til tion as to the terms granted to St EusUtius, f a roxl.; The earth for the construction of colony to the Dutch, gave a sudden shook to this present British colony, and another at the moat thought it more prndeat to surrender at discretion.r#fI the Ahari Greek, which separates the pces- Accordingly they "signed a capitohttioo, by which eountry (former colony) of Berbice frompurprising, and it is probably fair to infer that soma few of those who are the most zealousJn favor of our local candidate are influenced in some, slight degree b yand five peep, Beside furniBhing materials for two millions and a half of dollars. Bills were the range varied IrOm 1,208 to 1,281 yards. At 5 tho hope of reward in some form for.then* exertions* Certain it is, that rewards in these la-Uor days are thothe damsi-1 th( se trenches serve also as the main re- -substituted on Dutch houses, hut on the^renewal-of degrees (where the old 32-pounder gives 1,940 motive-power in most cases of politicians, in or out of ceivingd.pinsfortheplantationswhichtheyinclose. yards),.it'rangedfrom2,298to2,342yards. At i0 office. TheLegislature, lately/adj-»ur»«d, has illuf*of Demerara. These establishments!, Hkethose subee^uently made at the miuih of the Had- war entered tbe Demerara, and the other sailed tothick cost! of grass, is mainly furnished from a planters had drawn upon on their Engl ah corres- lows: At 2 degrees elevation (v^nere the old 12- tbey agreed to give up the fort, the public stores, trench d\ig ju»t insi.de the damsi;welve feet wide, pondents came back protested to the amount of pounder, gives 1.000 yards), with a charge of 1 | ft,and all tbe shipping. One Of the British sloops-of-t«», hii not so much in view any schemeof cnUWatioB, as that of trading with soon arrived from Baxbadoes with troops onboard, Before t la ltd is brought into cultivation,.other months after, the colonies were again taken pos- degrees (range of old 32-pounder] 2,800 yards), it infamy. I do not insinuate that they have any pledgeeme Isdians, by whom the hack countryHas thinly inhabited, and who occaaionaUjrvisited the. coast. With the same object in view,another post was shortly after established on the.6\\igt two and a .half feejt wide and as"Director of the Three Rivers," thus for the first many de$p, leading perpendicularly {into the side which the bills on Holland were recused payment.averaged 4,000 yarls.' For higher elevations a 3- from Mr.! Seward, nor do I belw»ve they have any j pounder gun was u«d, with 8 ozJ charge; with 20 they presume, aid that presumption is founded oafacts which cannot fail to have a damaging effect oa degrees, it ranged from 6,300 to 6,800, with 33 and Mr. Seward, if nominated to which I shall refac,-ito take possession, o* Berbice Additional vee*e*sthe war between France and England, a few trated this principle in the acquitition of money andand tbe British commander proclaimed himself drainstime uniting what now constitutes British Guiana line trei hes, whose waters at every,ebb tide are These double protests, under the law of the coloniesunder onej^overnment.35 degrees, 9,400-i» 9,700 yards. The old 56- preeently.l. . -^west hank of the Eftequibo, near its mouth; batftfom this the rettlers were driven in 1506 by a par- The English, however, did not long retain their " kokcr to called, through the front dam. These protested hills,, increased the original"'debt one-the Executive and Legislative authorities for boththe Jevd of Ibe draining water. These kokers, realized by tbe cotton pianters.' The abolition of THE SUN'S DISTANCE FROM THE scholar, k statesman, and aigen«leman; bat he is ao>were established at Stanroek. iMost or all of the Dutch colonies established inSIR: On the subject of the exro's distance from the last three State Elections ate not very en-couraging. The last Was a victory that ruins the jconqueror. The last Sute Convention at Syiacnsewaa presided over by Mr. Ltfavenworth, tk«9were removed before long to another island, with the Dutch inhabitants. Many English fromknown a* Fort Inland, near the mou^h of that Barbadoes and the other English islands were at-nver, and not far from the eatttern baok. The tracted thither by the reputed fertility of the soil,appointment of the governors and tbe general and, although the colony was still Ditch in its alle-control of the colony was in the hands of the Dacca giance and laws, in. the matter of'tae\ownershipIVeat l»di* compsnies; but for a hundred and fifty of the plantations it soon became seajju-Eogltsh. water fo soon as that rises above the inside level.which, both invented by civilians, certainly surpass The remark may often he heard in the colony—in drainage trencies into the ocean, are liable to be in efficiency anything hitherto produced by profes- Peere, whs had previously attempted a trading set- reference to the dams or dykes by which tbe sudden'y stopp ad up by moving banks pf saud, sional artillerists—the Armstrong guU and theqmbo, were followed in 1626 by a similar enter- maise an the Berbice, undnrUken by one John T anThe outlets of thetlement n«ar the Orinoco, from which he had beendriven bythe Spaniards. To keep out of tbe way inroads of the t<dewntef on tbe one hand, and tions wit: overl low, an,d requir ng a great amount. '.' :\cultivated portions of it are protected fram thewhi<[hof a similar attack, he bmtt Fort' Nassao> some of the back-water on the other, and the elaborate jtirty miles up the river Berbice, just on the upper aya*em of drainage, by which alone the land is lerder of the alluvial country. The littie settle- rendered capable of cultivation—that nobody but ment formed round this fort remained for near a Dutchmen, accustomed to the dykes and drainagecentury, the inheritance and property of the family of Holland, would ever have thought of under- water on! of tbu draining trench and torow it over Whitworth's gun may well be doubted.of Tan Teeiey but during all that period its income taking such a work. The credit undoubtedly be- the damt. Thdse machines are expensive,- as they Sir Wm. Armstrong constructs his gun by wrap-having set the example of carrying it into practice. principaHy} the cost of fuel, of several thoa«JiAo^layer" laid on in the opposite direction to the lowerIn 1732 a charter was granted by the StatesGeneral establishing a local legislature like that of£s9equiho, and in the. general outline very similar I the banks of the rivers and creeks, where the which th are lept in operation, for they are used layers of wire. This system gives a very strongBut their operations were principally confined to11 his exjtnse varies with the period during'moreto that which now exists in British Guis«&. It was I drainage from the deration of. the land is com- as an a a>vut vhe thne of the grant of this charter that the paratiyely easy, and where the inroads of the tide- substitualluvial lands toward the mouth of the river first* water are more easily guarded against. It was afford duone, in the same way as gun*barrels are made frombegan to attract attention. A fort was bnilt at the mainly by the boldness enterprise, and capital ofjoscuon of tbe Canjee with the l|erbice, near the the English immigrants, that the much more for- losses attendant ipon a sudden interruption to the shot is of cast-iron, but eovored with a maotldofsite of the present town of New-Amsterdam, though m*d«.»>le work was ^undertaken of settling on the outflow iff the drainage water are thought fully to lead, which gives it a diameter somewhat largerwarrant Ihe exp<use. than the bore; this shot, along with the charge,'is In add||ttoiji t«> <he drainage trenches, there is introduced by the breech into a chamber wide frem the Court pf Policy, or local Degi«iiture ofj of these. sea-coast plantat ons was not the produc- it quired pantations to be cultivated in •enough to receive it; the explosion propels the shot Esseqcibo, to lay out plantations on the " unin- ,©tion of either su$ar or coffee, for which the saltuess nngar, #iether aod perfectly distinct set of nto the narrow bore, where the soft lead is pressed habtt4>d,nver Demerara." This is the first mention of the soil and the difficulty of drainage rendered it trenches tk> e<rve as a means of transporting the into the grooves, and thus does away with all wind- . niade of that river in the records of Easeqmbo, but ill adapted. Originally these plantations were canes to ihe suslar works. For this purpose two age while giving the projectile the spiral rotation and no doubt was the first move toward settlemeot established for the cultivation of the cotton plant— canals, B(ine fifteen feet wide and five feet deep, indicated by the pitch'of the grooves. This mode upon it. This new settlement was to be a separate a branch of industry introduced about the year are dog short distance apart, exteodiog through of pressing the shot in*o tbe grooves, and the coat- colony, but tbe planters of Essequibo were to pos- 3770, and which from tbe growing demand for,cot- the midd o pf the plantation from front to back. The ing of soft material required for it, are the charac- sess for two years the right of removing thither. ton on the part of the English manufacturers, had earth thr Jwn ou ;of tbeBe canals forma an entrench- teristic features of Armstrong's system; and if thein the artiold of coffee, which, from the growing take op behind it a second lot of the same extent, estates be ind those already,established on theconsumption in Europe had lately become an ob- banliB of mo De raerara Kiver. For this purposeand that being cultivated, a third lot, and so on un-ject of profitable cultivation, especially on.the ne<v til he was cutoff by some previous grant. Between canals w«t|-e duj—two on the west bank, andplantations established on the Demerara Rirer. every two of these lots and tbe next two, spaces a a third on l|he east bank—of a width of notle«s than' Tne coffee, which naturally affects a hilly country, few roods in width were reserved, known as " com- thirty feot, vlhere they entered the rirer. Exteud- ments at least Mr.« Sidney Herbert, Secretary of! Sua: Asy< •very one w.h: should be nom Republican CH: a few suggest «ubjecu; 'Th«K*pnbt members' fully chair that, i! t much' eonflus* many valtah4Setiledu: VVisceive their elected? WU< itician, and ne years .old,-;. W m . H. S o w If Mr. 8e\-ai oxertLon'a as tachedtoGiv. hut If you droj the Reput'i -a: huilt it ur. aid . warm-hxy of the id some oi 10m will ibenays one, behil tho stroogt and elected, ft the so-called 9 tbjeoountry parrogance atx4 *rmuent ia ov<would not seem to hare been well adapted to this pany paths," and designed to furnish room for com- ing from tiffs rive r at r'ght atiglee. they served as aWar, has stated in Parliament that a lii-pouader gun cf 8 cwt, with 1 lb 8 ozf of powder, gave a range of 2,460 yards, at 7 degrees elevation, with an extreme lateral deviation of three, and an ex- treme longitudinal deviation of 65 yards. At eight degrees elevation, tbe range was 2,797 yards; at nine, above 3,000 yards; the deviations remaining nearly the same. Now, an elevation of seven to nine degrees is a thing unknown in the practice ofmeans of drain 5 ge and approach to a series of me sun it <»a* necessary to plant rows of trees to joining plantations. Toe object of these cauals eitates fro ting: north and south, and commencing forai*h a shade. Tnus sheltered, tbe produce of was, first, to furnish an outlet for the water aback bf e river estates, which at these points the coffee shrubs, though liable to great variation accumulated during the wet se*son behind the had not go e beyond the first deph. A number of with the state of the seasons, was, on the whole, back dams; and secOLdly, to afford at their estates W6; established on these canals, most or allof wh&hfl«t, ailnvial soil. T o protect it from the rays ofpany canals, to be dug aod kept up by the two ad-<< , HA&L COLBY. the creature of the regro-"daviog Demo^racy,'ere slanted in coffee. Two similar these alluvial la^ds, though it lacked something in artificial harbor by which the produce of the plan- canals we dug in Berbice, but the growing at- flavor, was, however, well esteemed in certam mar- tractions the cotton cultivation, for which the. —Tbe famous eomet f Charles V., of 1558, ia an-noiinced by Bone, the utch astronomer, for August next. j.ern S'aue, except by tbo aj ivo, demrmmed, and un have hetn. killed. So ih<i htory g<K'8 'm scrupulous eil'orta of a 'Federal Aommw'ra^iou devoid' , -r-The subject of gas h dwoOt.aed.with macli anima- to it body and soul, as the true and prober basis ofabundant, and the large, fair berry produced on entrance into the sea a navigable passage, aod—We have an account of"a remarkable hail-storm inUpper Wasdale, in Great Britain. The first notice ofit which %ae received was a sound in the air like acontinuous volley of musketry. After the storm wasover, blocks of ice weie Ebufcd upon a tract.of hind ofnearly a mile in* extent So lir^e tbat, had man andbeuht been expoEed to tljem, they would/ undoubtedly be extended b*.yocd the prctcut limis tt the Sonta-tations nrght be shipped, and supplies be received,k e r . T ae» cultivation of coffee was about the same a communication for this purpose being kept up salt air and inline soil of the sea-coast were esteemed smooth-bore field artillery. The official ub(es, fortime introduced into Berbice.. By 1773, the eetUements on the Demerara; hai so A third object was to afford t'> a second tier ofmost favor ,ble; 8ppear to have drawn off attentioninstancy, do not go beyond four degrees elevation,twenty roJle* up the" river, but the oext yeir were'While th* colo lists were thus busy in their semi- guns woold be ^UBelens, from giving too bi^b. a linoaqnatic 6 rataohs, ra sing dams, digging treochas, of flight, and thereby immensely reducing the chance llon'at present. The water yaj made by the Northern society. • ,and bringiri| pewf tracts ot submerged land mto cul- of hitting1 tie mark. .But we have some experi- Lihertite G^s-works in Philadelphia is said to boa Can it be po«siVethat really honeet Anti«Slaveryby small schooners attached to the estate*.It may be aeeumed thereto)e, tt»at SuYery v<a\ never^Irom t b o einters rises, so that none of ihosa canals at which tbe 12-pounder and 0-plunder give aiary to the oil system, ratber than as aand tough material, though a very .expensive one. The bore is rifled with' numerous narrow groves, one close to the other, and having one turn in the length of tbe gun. The oblong—cylindro-ogival—Jor ilng the heavy wet weather, "and the gnar-But the supftrior drainage toeyantee th ly furnish against the heavy expenses andtion.In 1763 Berbice suffered' severely from a slave in- rapidly increased. The first experiments in the ment kno \m as the " middle walk," rOaembliug the reader will refer to the principles of rifled ordnance, Now, if the base and hypothonuse be thus testedsurrection. Fort Nassau was abandoned as ihde- reclamation of these sea-coast lands was made side-lines betwejn two plantations, and like those as developed in our preceding articles, he will agree 8emi-annua;ly, yenr after year, tbo above alt-tnde and ieiuibli, aod nocwitbtfanding assistance from Sur- side-lines aervin j as a road. Perpendicularly from that, in principle, Armstrong is decidedly in the zenith corresponding on both sides of the equator atalong the west coast of Demerara—tbe coast that tbe ssroe moment or mitnte of time, tbe earth and the inam and St. Eustatius, it was not till the end of is immediately adjoining the Deaaerara River on the these cei 1xal ca »als others extend to ward the sid e rigty. The shot being larger in diameter than the sun being on a plane, with their poles equidistant ateie'sen months, and by the aid of forces sent out west. So attractive' did these lands soon become lineB, bu; not wimmurjicating with the lateral bore, the gun is necessarily breeoh-loading, which, their nodes or equinoxes, tbe rules for t«etin# the dis- tance are both, mathematical and mechanical, alikefrom Holland, that the insurrection was finally sub- to speculators, and such were ibe ideas formed of trescbea, by whi<h the whole plantation is divided to us, also seems a necessary feature in all rifled sovereign'and incontroTJortibiy true.dued. A return of the population of Berbice, dated thtir productiveness, that not long after the resto- into fields Jof' from fifteen to twenty acres, these ordnance. The breech-loading apparatus itself* It must be admitted from tbe above facts, that tbeJune, 1764, after the suppression of the insurrec- fields beisg isgan divided into .beds by the small however^ has notbing whatever to do with the sun's distance is lees than 40,000 miles from the earth; mocracy 7 After all tbe oatrages perpetrated uponration of the colonies to tbe Dutch the whole sea- arid f/om r»p*ated experiments in takinj?' the mooa's tion, ga*e, as tbe entire number of inhabitants, 116 coast from the Pomejroon to the Corentyn was sur- drains.; X arge 11it bottomed: boats, square at the principle of any particular system of rifling, bat; altitude when it is in the'zenith of the earth's eqaator,liberty and law by that party, if the people of th« United States again Buffer ic to elect a President by a plurality of votes, there can be no'doubt that it will bo embo'dened in its pursuit of its Pro-Slavery policy, and it is equally certain tbat the opposition to that party will bo disheartened. The more earnest and resolute will per- severe; but the masses will abandon a cause which ap-ends, so: tames of iron, but commonly of wo Ad, may be transferred from one to the other; w e 746 slave children,-in all 3,486 persons,' showing sale by the Government. These lots had a narrow drawn by on or mules, are employed in convey-' leave it, therefore,' entirely out of our consider-her distance is lees than. 9,000 miles from the earth. Allow me also to s'ate, (hat we pass around the North Pole Star ODCOin 24 hours, and are on three sifles of tbis etar every night, aujl at the City Hall, New-York, at 8 p. m., 12 m., and 4 a. m., we have an altitude of 40° 42^, and the Polar distance in 49° J18'. Now. i«whites, 1,308 male slaves, 1,317 female slaves,, andveyed and laid off into lots, which were offered forthat the colony still remained but; an inconsiderable front on the sea, generally a hundred Dutch or ing the caies to he sugar-mill.ation.affair. *. Ebynlarid roode—each rood being twelve feet four . It was not,.'however, as we have already men- The range and precision attained with this new Nor had the more western settlements yet ob- inches English. The front pf the lota was thus tioned, wilh a vit w to the cultivation of sugar that gun are something wonderful. The shot was thrownthere any difficulty in coming at the truth of the ais pears to be hopeless, and forsake a party which is gov-tained any great mercantile importance. In thesemewhat under a quarter of a mile. With a hun-ihe sea-coast plat tations were originally established.The plant rs loosed to the cultivation of cotton, • 11\ I . I •to some 8,500 yards, or nearly five miles, and the certainty with which the target was hit at 2,000 ortances of the heavenly bodies. The altitude of th© North Pole Star is thelatitude of the place of observa- tion. Tbe earth's motion on.heraxis causesthe Dipper, or Great Bear, to pass ov«r our bead, and all the lixea itars appear to pass Westward, so that io truth, we look due north, due w<*t, and due south, to see theerned by Impraclcable leaders who prefer absolute defeat to a surrender of person*! preferences. Notbing is moie prbb«ble than,thai another Presidential tri- umph of the Sham Democracy will he folioweU by the annexation and em»ra»-'emenvof MVxico; audit is by no meats improbable that Cuhi wiU be purchased or conquered, at a cost of two or *hree hundred millions.If hurope shall become involved iu war, nothing will be easier than the seizure of Cuoa b» an unscrupulous" Democratic " President Tncse questivne ar* now in abeyance. It la toe ioterett of the party in power . to awumfi a moderate and unaggressive aspect on th« eve of a Presidential elecion; out if the nomvnees of tbe Charles'on Conven<ion auali bo tlectod in N'ovem- ber, the- efforts ana the a^it-itfoa fv>r the aequto'-ioa ' bf Cuba, Mexico, and Central America win De re- newed with tenfold vigor and prospect of success. If Mexico were'annexed under Kepobl'can. Auspices it- might be carved iato Free Suies; but under the cor- ruption and terrorism of «n A.dmiu;8tration wbich isperiod from '1745 to 1770 incliaive the total ex-s dred roods front, thrte roods back make an-acrepens oX sugar from Demerara and Easequibo Tne proprietor of a lot was authorized to go back which req Sired a lees elaborate system of drainage, 3,000yardsmuch exceeded wnattheold, smooth- boreamounted to only 53 263 hogsheads, an averagej of in the firet instance to a depth of seveu hundred and whicth miglt dispense with the navigation guns could show at one-third of these distances.hut 2,052 hogsheads a year, or lor the whole twen- ty-six years, not so much as the present aunual ex-and fif y roods, or about a mile and three quarter,trenches.Stih, with all the puffing of the English preJB, the' Ncrth Pole Star every n gbt.tuns unbracing an t-xteut of two hundred and fiftyports of British Guiana. Toward the latter awes. Butwhea this first tract had been brought rcclamatia i of tn s seacoast, another enterprise wasscientifically interesting deta Is of all these experi- ments were studiously kept stcret. It was never statsd with what elevation and charge these ranges were obtained; the weight of the shot and that of the gun itself, the exact lateral and longitudinal de- viations, & c , were never particularized. Now,,at last, when the Whitworth gua has made its appear- ance, we learn some details of one Bet of experi-The theery of a comnve.zoue of ethereal waters above tbe heavens Is found in Genesis 1st, 6, 7, and 8 veiftes> and is referred to by David in the 148f.h Pealm and 4tb vewe. Tie proof of this is left to ob- servation and tbe Jaws ol the firmament; as we ascend upward we meet insuperable density and frost. The great blue arch over our heads seems to be a mirror of fcuperlauve grandeur, retlociiog innumerable nebulous matter, and what we cali stars,, perhaps tto-y are elec- tric stalactic phenomena, from the ethereal frigid zoue. The sun and plateta and comets seem to have a circuit to pertorm, guided and governed bj a magnetic or a negative aDd ]K>sitive lavr. Let it be understood th*t there is no claim where nature or revelation cannot be subtaintd.p»rt of the period .above mentioned, a con- into cultivation, the proprietor had the right, uponset on fool of no inconsiderable magnitude. Thatsiderable additicn had been m a l e to the; export*,the pa>ment of a sum known as acre money, to was the bii pgiiig into cultivation of a series of newSimultalepusly with the earliest attempts at theH e first woik to be updtrt»kfn by the granteejemoved to Stibxoek, about a mile from the river's of one of theee utd^r-water plantations was to tivation, thl sho< k of the French Revolution began ments (quoted in Sir Howard Douglas's Naval comjlrte success, the cap jmo far materials b*iog only Savery party in power hy punj'uiag an impracticable.mouth, t&en first laid ous— the nucleus of thepres- cnt City of Georgetown.Js s t i e plantations extended, that same cry bf gan to be raised of lack of labor, which for twenty year*men will rnn the imminent riok of reiuetalhng.this Pro- Veinpoulder" it, that is to construct/a dan or dyke to be felt in A neric». When news arrived of Gunnery) with heavy ship guos of snooth bore at 37 cen-»s per foot. The. oj;y-hydrognu lime-Ughtis also .coursef Wnen the Anti-Slavery party h«*ve it per-about it in order to protect*it from the invasion of the occupalion of Holland by tbe French, the higher tievationB. The English long 32-pounder at tbe onttide water. This empoulder consisted of a planters, fijfOpng whom, as we have already mon- Deal, in 1839, gave ranges,'at 7 degrees, of 2,231 toput forw».id, and in Bucha shape that we hope it will fectly wi bio their pd\wr to elect men to oflica j'ho-front dam to keep out the sea or |tide-water, ati('Ded,_w"ij|>inaiy Eoglish, alarmed at the idea of 2,318; at 9 degrees, from 2,498 to 2.(582 yards..which ia an much superior to the ordinary lights used aspast has resounded so loooly/rom the same quarter. ^ back dam to keep out the fresh water from be- passbg un :er Vietich. rule, ' which, as in other The French 36-pounde;r in 1846 and M7, gave the electric light ia superior-to an oil-lamp tor a light- the Free States re&dtf to yoto with the Republicans forT h e planters, wbo already began to entertain very bind, and two sidelines extending the whole depth French col< aies, might endaDger their hold upon rongea, at 7 degrees, | of 2,270;'at 9 degrees,houte. The' Lconaotive e art* out with two small tanksJud^ o McLean, or for Judge Bate'*, who will not voto. itor any of tlie r^c<»gt\i)feor.load*rs of the Kepublicaa high notiot* of the possible productiveness of tne of the plantation to guard against inundation on tlieir slaves uWsajr'd fco the commander of the Eo»- of 2,636 yards. Ihis shows that, at equal eleva- a foot in diameter and thr se feet loug, iuto which the Sarty, who, in the course of debate aud controvexsy-colonyy complained bitterly of the saudl number those sides. To inclo/e a grant of two hundred glish naval ifild nilitary forces- in the West Indies tion's, the ranges of rifled guns are not so very supe-oxjgen and hydrogen have been ypreesed until the.and high price of the slaves imported.";in 17d2, toward; |he xlose of our EevoJutionsry needed. Tne front dam, especially where it was* a British fo:'i arrived for that purpose, and alongWMt England having declared war agaiott Holland,liable to excounter the direct waves of the sea, re-with it cam< a h )»t of English speculators, anxiousy<and fifty acres some loor mdes of these dams wereto take post ifteioa of the colonies. Early in 1796 rior to those of smooth-bored cannon.6 *•:.'" A? %;•;, ££&'**••was.5, 1860.ciA Plan! iship in British Guiana, recommends doubled in value. Unreclaimed lots wi re bought gun; the shot is,of n very hard material, withoutgTeat strength, elasticity^ and toughness; the shot is ing also noted the tone and spirit of various other jour*'a mathematically exact fit to the bore, and cannot, nals of much less note and influence in reply there. is rectm i leuded to bo the digging of a (reach ei^ht stimulated by.the largest crops ever produced; therefore, be introduced without the bore being to, I could not fail to distinguish the difference hi the)upon a single crop, and uncultivated l>ts, whichcarried i >to tbe bight of the dam. If the4am islikely to i© exposed to the roll of the sea, a pressureupon it 11 be avoided if possible, but which the en-Cioachm<»tof the aaa sometimes makes inevitable, ty, twenty-five, and even thirty thousand dollars. public in February last, when a series of experi- would like to succeed with any good man, not for th# ' it must have a gradual slope towards the Water, It was estimated that not less than fifty millions of ments were made with it at Soutbport, on the Lan- man, hut the principles; they' seem to breftr fafikYou have suggested doubts about Mr. S being able> to carry Pennsylvania, and other States which you sloices, iicobrd'ng to the old method, which st'll half. T&e distress of the planters was spill further range of 4,381 yards, at 32 degreea, of 5,680 yards. have nameU. I bejbev4 you are correct so far as yottthe ontsi ie ge B below the level of the water in theThe increasing cultivation of cotton in the UnitedHer papulation is peeuliar*old neg: ), who serves as watchman, and has a lit- ing of new plantations; though, under pertain,re- tle dwejing, nnd perhaps provision ground, near strictions, slaves sti'l continued to be imported from by: An tber method in use on many estates dis- other colonies down to 1823. By the peace ofearth, can any navigator or mathematician prove, byany mechanical or mat heoaatical mensuration or law ofarglesy and of planes, that the sun's distance from the defeated candidate for Secretary of Sute last Fall*ae>ghboriog quarries, with, the Portuguese arms As had been the ca*-e with the coionyof New Neth-earved over the gateway, but when aad by whom erlands, so the now rising united colony of Dene-evected, no*»ody knows. The headquarters, how- rara and Esseqnibo freely admitted planters of all pecses v,: th th s wat ihman, whose negligence might 1814, the colonies were formally ceded to the En-ever, o/ the Dutch occupation of the Esacquiho countries, bestowing upon them the same rights at times )e of very serious consequence. Tne die- glish, shortly after which commenced a series of astronomies! theories 1 Thr*-e great facts first meet the decided and deeerred popularity. It was no i*ultofcharge o! the vater is accomplished by means of a changes by which the system of Blave labor was cast-iron pipe of large diameter, with a self-acting first modified and then entirely abolished, and culti-earth is tbo 95,000,OOC mi'es claimed in the commonhis, nor fault in him. It was'pure and unadulterated question, namely: 4]titu«e, Zenith and Base line. prejudice. It was the resole of an unnatural and un* Tbe following, is a diagram of tbe earth,' with its. principled combiraiion. This combination and pr«ja*tropica and magnetic poles, and equatorial plane with dice derived much force from the f*ctthat Mr. Leaven* • tbe BUDin thje zenith of the equator, at a node or equi- worth was known to be the drm and uahjaching friendvalve, w ich the pressure of the inside water forces open as soon as the outside water subsides, and which clotjea a;ain by the pressure of the externalvation by free labor substituted forfit.shells, as I drift mud, thus threatening the planta-Whitworth gun.Sir Wiliiam Armstrong's gun had the advantageanother,of labor br the r removal, . Among the improve- of priority, and of being praised by the whole pressments in ;i:oduc(d since the emancipation,' and nowin use on many of the best estates, are drainiog ma-chines, hi whicl -steam power's employed to li't the to the French rifled gun; but whether it can beatON RIFLEDCANNON—IIInox, the sun s altitude being defined, and the apparent declination for a solar year delineated so 'that when tbe smi is ID the zenith of either tropic tbe poles of theof Sewardsa Beyond all thi*, let us not forget tae im- portant fac^that at that same election your city fell short in its vote rear 20,000. Wood was eleetsd Mayor mainly by these absent voters. Wo should also>There also came in a number of French A* notl ing is so essential to tbe productiveness of - . W e now come to the description of the two kinds Mirth will be ebangeq to, • and from the sun, 46° $5/, remember |tbat we had a popular State ticket, oa whichyears it made very slow progress.planters, to whom, after the catastrophe ofThese first efforts at colonization on tbe Esse- St. Domingo, very considerable additions were are amor ; the inost serious embarrassments, which moment contend for superiority in Eogland, andchan/zingthe seasons.were Seward candidates, giving local ana general strength, and enabling us, as it were, to have a coatest for. principle., W e were not lost, not quite.. Present Mr. Seward as the candidate, and all: the guns of the opposite party, and of the eamp-fo lowers^ skinners, jOld-Line" Whigs, Americana, and many others', now quiet and reserved, will be against him. Hie|record' will be called up and revamped: ao s, fayings, and doings, dead and buried twenty years ago, will spring into life as good as new. . Some of them will barm nim much in'certain losaiiriea. We Message as Goveroor, long ago, about tho division. of the School Fund with foreigners, which contributedto build up the American party, stands as his opinion :on that subject to oay, as will be alleged. It cannot be alte ed. now. His canal and fina-rcial' policy has many enemies among his own party His liberality ia supportlngjmeasures of public expenditures and appro- priations to private persons will do much harm. From, tbe past, they will b**cia'med to point the future. Hia prominence as a po'itician, the claim of his lealous, out indiscreet supporters tbat be 18 the heal of hia party arid the exponent of its principles, beget jeal- ousy, *nvy, and opposition. Taere> ie on* farther suggestion] I 'J, wish, to make 'in this connec- tion. Toe City of New-York h*s been robbed of its rights, i^s property, its Independence, and it h*B oeen trampled undei foot by tne Legisla- ture and lobby in s^ite of veio«8 and your remon- ttrances. By whom 7 Who had the wt>ol* power of l e g a t i o n 7 Then look at tbe 8t>.te taxes and their objects of appropriation- Democrats wi'l use thsea things; they have ar;ghtto do so. It^is no excuso ihat some Democrats joined in plundering the p e o p l e - that they aleo eold you all out aad put money in their pockets. Tboy will poii>tto Mr. Seward's party and nis strongest (profersedj friends. They will point to- the delegates at Chicago in his favor, who go thero with their pockets congested with tbe spoils of yourmade. the plant iis ha1 e to encounter.the land is goad draitiage, difficulties on th's score of bieech-loading rifled cannon which at the presentand official world of England. It is, undoubtedly, a highly effective machine of war , and far superiorping, round a tube of cast steel, two layers ofUntitled DocumentIts bore ia hotmatic. of honor and character, who are pledged to the groat«*-v not necessarily so, but merely as a matter of con- Six: Having observed and cordially approved tb4 venience and of faslion.: This gun is of a reoently- course of \jour able and influential paper, in refereno*| WHOK CANT WE ELECT? "T s ny coating of lead; and, if it is breech-loading, it To th* XdiUr */Tk* N. T. Tribune '•'ten years before might have been purchai ed for fiveor seven hundred dollars,reaoMy commaiided )bwen-. The "Whitworth gun was brought before the good and worthy men; they give us one only. YOTJseesion of by a British force, in consequence of12-pounder, ana* 8)-pcunder; from the long re-other. This is, at the least, fidelity to th*pounder, of smooth bore, gves,l at 20 degrees, amit of a satisfactory conclusion.doubtful and unreliable.Mr. S. does not potsess those elemen s or traits of char- acter calculated to captivsle their si >w fancy. He is a-•P?rst, tbe sun is in th s zenith of tbe tropics twice in cily. Mr. Seward must bear those things—aoijustly_——. ^ JA_i^.-.J _^__ J.l__ !J1 _*il. ilta vear, and twice in a year on tbe zenith of the earth's or deservedly, but becauee those bad men-xling to himiequa,.tor.,. T^h, e^ „d,i„s,t,anceJbetween the tropiesia 46J 5y, ror 2,815 mDes, geographically defined.Wben the txm is on tne equator, a sbip, bsizur on the our 8tate,may save; otherwise we fail most assuredly.tropic, either north or s^nth, gets a meridian altitude of Auburn, A'. Y., Aprl 26,i860. - PRO BONO. the sun 66° 32' 30" and;fin4is the zenith distance 23°'27'30". There being^ no declination, the zsniih dis-tance is the latitude of' the ship, or place of observa-.":'•„ " • •.A PLEA FOE SUCCES&To tho Editor of ThoN. Y. Tribune.Sin : I whh to say a word through your columns to- those Eepublioaus who insust upon tho nominaUon of " a repieeentatiye man " for tho Presidency, ana^who- are willing to risk defeit ratber than abate an iota of their uncompromising assertion of hostility to Slavery.Have th*>y reflected .upon the results which are>likely to flow from another triumph of the Black De-RespectfWly, yonni,be fully te&tc6\New York Central Rairoud has carried a lime-light,,are hnown to be opposed to tbe extension of S'avery; can tbey for a moment •he/iutfe to lay aside personalFor som i months a locomotive on theuring years past, have rendered themselvesobuoxinua, , gange shows a preeeureof from 70 to 100 pounds. to the Conservative Opposition of the South. The .votes of tbb) c'»*« of "Conservative" menaro essetiwal While tbo train is in motion the engineer can turn on to success in the border Free States. They a m s s W *The Whitworth gun, in almost every respect, is the light and light it; the regulation is entirely auto- and anxious to cooperate with u* in the election of meathe opposite of the Armstrong gun!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr Leavenworth ia a man of abdity, integrity, andin a manner to give him their nue and likeness. The So- •lection of eome good,, true, hotest man, away fromSI-very will be extene'ed to the/IsthmUs o' Panama.The Slavery propagauduia are well aware tmv; the idea-of extending ihe in«tuu(.on wth»n the present limitB of the Federal Terriunieo \%hop«lew. Ktasas ia now tree, which secures Frnodom tn all «.he Territories North oi it* Southern Itout-dary. New Mexico and Utah are nominally slayehelding but they have in fa?fc' perhaj.^ not a hundrTd slaves.-. Uoder ao Aloiiniftra- ton opposed .'to.the eX'enaion of Slaver> tboy would immeoia'.ely turn ,nbout and abo iah the inf ituuonv without tbe necessity tor CongreeB'.onal intervention.preferences?'There ar« tens and buodreds ol thousands of men hx, ,, •*•'« a r e claim of' htone jorUie •'ovnrjoo'kcd: one candidstion of ourfrom!the fu •esandidaxe < theory any of OUT way applied to t maiirr int Mr. Sewai office (wfiic-ofihisSt&u reference U . 2NTew-for!c.<iency be ta. there are aC the -V:CC-PJIn the first tributes a*) h Oovemmohi-of-which « whole count one of'her ; other of the itself cbnc?u losing this S enemies, xne the " Nati< theuereaa within' o-j-a cloudless ITew-Tork a pivota.1 S^ite this as well: this State th hope to del known to Ti Mug;.,by tl forms of en the expendi promise, wi« tion of third ^ National •;circuistion o Jby serving n known even ruptipn, and. at Albanr duInsifth :-vn Who, of all protect our p< lion of the hu for.theri^ht, which be » ue whom it otft Others until tl Need I say to papers that I•jGovemoT of •would bavs hUls, projecse of the most ej "^ajire-pullers i^resulted in pcfoirttetGov. Sfor nis talent) dignity in ia< his unwaverii jaeavena »h<>aJ www.fultonhistory.com 