 NEW YORK HERALD.j A I K I « o a O « l I I I I E T f . EOTTOR AND PKOPBIirOR.NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1860.the wbite man was placed upon a perfe-t and common «ense, which position, that of the biivir g selected ifce common dragoon pistol, was nals will be limited only by the want of car \*cotton picker in Georgia, or the cotton weaver compelled to abandon the weapon because of city to print them fast enough. Hoe made aTIJi; LAH RLACE C1TA&XA0PHE. ^ore Bodies RrcoTere*—«.ubs4-r1ptlons | aj^M «r tbe SnlTrrere—The toro.tr'. 1*. [From tbe Boston Advertiser, Jaa 14 Je*^OrWL'I K. W. e<)R*R* OF MASSACFUXTOn" ST9.Col. Webb, of the Conner awl Eiup&rer* tak- honor," b'ut according to "the duellist's coda,"ing for hi* text the recent challenge of Mr. alias "thfc gainb ler's code." Under which of the can make paper cheaper than at present, he has contributed by tbe SefWk Claw Some l«n- »uo>> haveisWASHINGTON HA _ „ Williamsburg ^ 0 0 0 * MuriTtM iwiortA* Bono*. Oases*, Aa.—Raw MAA CAUJ.tions are shared by the great body of the Ca tholics of the present day. If, therefore, he nods the Congress determined to strip him ef a portion of histerritoriesand to limit his powers as atemporalpriRoe, he will probably endea vor to raise a religious outcry against the Ca- tholic sovereigns who are repreeented there, in the hope of compelling them to stop short in the work of destitution. The protests of the French bishops were but a mild form of admo-nition to that which may by-and-bye be ad- ministered. The question is, whether his Holi- ness can gain anything by a reeort to any of theoldformsofPapalanathemaandexcom- munication. This is answered, we think, bythe progress in liberal ideas which for the last few years has been steadily manifesting itself amongst Catholics.day, when he called the republican party inthe House of Representatives "a large majo-rity," be mutt have meant that it was a minori-ty.* His attributing the duellist's code to theinstitution of negro slavery is too absurd forreply, when the whole world knows that It ex-isted centuries ago, and still exists alloeer Eu-rope, where there is no negro slavery whatever."All tbe provisions of the code ot honor," he much we deplore it, we could not doubt butenable us to strike off our paper at a greatly increased rate, and before long the circulation of a well conducted metropolitan journal will become as large in distant cities and towns throughout the country as its influence is potent at this day.CONGRESSIONAL THEATRICALS.—The House ofRepresentatives, so called, presents just at thismoment a curious spectacle, and one, perhaps,LAURAKKKN&'S THEA TRE, «M Broadway - J « A « Slenge of Mr. Branch is manifest, and Mr. Growbe refused to fight Webb to shatter his right««I!(VAMI -RMRKTA TO MORROW EVRRIRU.another fortune in store. For a lightning press seen received at Lew rence. besides donations of cleaning, nmic^neaadouwrarateka.wtdeahaeeasswwryaeeeptwhich costs Hoe some' nine or ten thousand able. The wants of the unhappy soJferers are mansfoW. dollars,bereadilygetsthirtythousand,because Agrantmany familiesbare beenStifrlisdofthevamainfcupport in the wwraiag anember father, another, brother he has the exclusive right to the manufacture, or sister, an the ease may be. la aasne instances there are large families of bttle children entirely bereft ofand whoever succeeds In producing machinery their natural protecaats These must be supported, at* which can accomplish more, may command the course, during tbe present winter, to say the feast, andtbeir wants are immediate. Fifteen Ihsisnnit dollars, are situation, as Hoe does now. The only mode are informed upon competent authority, is tbe lowest aaaa whereby we could print our paper more ra- Hfcety f angse for the ethjanpii • ef the naaasHm. Dana'pidly than at present would be by stereotyping measures will be taken tn open a place in tau city to re- ceive such an may be oflered.r a i ' * B 4 > t t -ROWKRT THRATRE, Bowery.—flnn Oowss—Ssniws F*MU.T. _ _ _ _ _ _ _bjpocrites— worse than those who crucified theRedeemer. .The Cavtholtr V I o w • » t§*e Psvpstl Cemeatlos*The Napoleon programme for the settlementIn this connection we should, mention that the report of tbe House of Representatives further states tbat on tbe day on which Cilley was killed, an Rgreement was entered IntoWYKTRR OARDEX, Broadway. OCKMMH>*BondRrratso»* • FRIKMB-.de la Cuerroniere, U llkcjy to test at once the true feeling of the Catboiic world towards the Papnl government. The Popes have been so accustomed to regard the patrimony of St. Peter as an inalienable appanage of their spiritual dominion, and to treat any interfe rence with it as sacrilege, that Pius the Ninthour forms, and thus multiplying our impres-sions; but in this fast country it would be diffi- jcult to accomplish that, for it is a slower pro testimony taken thus for hi somewhat oonAioting in reevw*W BOWF/RV THRATRR, Bowery.—Tn MAS- or t a But MAMOM—rnouc Of »M» FAIISS avaoouusraa.RROAPWAV BOUTtOlB. 444 HrneAway.-atAn> WW* MSdid right in refusing to violate the laws of God arm, but that not finding him there, theyand roun." He draws a distinction Iwtween agreed to pursue him to the field, and the mo-"the code of honor" and "the duellist's code." ment be raised his rifle to fire at Graves, Webbbon to tne probable cause ot the a a S m l n l i diaaster. There are suii quite a number of witnesses to be eiamta- ed, and It is probable that tt will take two or three days longer to complete tbe invoetigatou afaanwhile the work of removing tbe wreck from the scans ef th» aoa- deot progresses as fast as passible. There was quite a large body of men at work through nearly the whole efMllSIXttP AIt—KOVK 8»TH«*— VOMAM*WaiMS.which be says is "the legitimate cau?e or thewas to shoot him with a pistol, and then the party were to defend themselves in the best way they could. Tbe party, however, went in the wrong direction; and after the duel Webb inserted in tbe Courier and Enquirer a statement, drawn up by himself and signed by his two friends, which concluded as follows :—" It is unnecessary to add what would have been the course of Colonel Webb if Mr. Graves, instead of Mr. Cilley, had been injured: suffice it to say, that it was sanctioned by us; and howevercess than our immense circulation and tbe timewithin which we are compelled to work off ourissue would admit of. The time, however, maynot be far distant when we shall be furnishedwith such appliances of machinery as will Thoreday night, and slayer Saunders was up » t h * groundRARX* MS AMERICA* MUSEUM, Rtnedwe^.-Ailer- „ » , a n l i KvmUoR-TtGiit Rora AeoensKW—Rso RA»OBU.BBTANTH* MIKRTRRLK, Mniaalw' BAR, Wl Broad war- BtuJKioM, Roaoa, DAK**, Ac,-Joa*iiT OooLsa.KlBUVfi s'ALOOR. Broadway - G e e , CuatsjT-s Mm- wwmms m Boaee. DtMM, Real —nana, **•—««• !>*** Raw 1 BAS CAJ-IA roa » »COOPKR I»STITUTB.-I>u.fecvoDeVtLhmras ox B«A- ••mo Pamsraooo.CAJBV, A HuroooTnana AUDMOMor Woaaair. ______institution of slavery." He probably means fa ne doubt persuaded that the saute convic- the effect instead of the cause, just as. the otheruntil nearly daylight, directing the men whom be has em- ployed. Although be has delivered tha premteee to tbe owners, hefseems determined to see tbat nothing (bail be Irft undone that will tend to ascertain the exact extent of tbe catastrophe.Tbe amount of anxiety aad suspense tbat siil exMI at demonstrated by tbe crowd that assembles almost iniiaa- taneously in and around the City Hati whenever a body is found.It was thought on Thursday n<ght that by tbe end ef tbe week, or even before tbat time, tbe no: k. of removing the rubbish would be finished, but from present appear •noes it does not seam likely that tbe whole loss of life can be known for some days j e L It is a more difficult task than was at first supposed.The forces of men cow at work are thoroughlyor ganized, and tbe work is going on as rapidly as c.-cum•ear Iork, Saaday,is,UNM. =psays, "were intended to guard against the the extraordinary position in which he wouldwhich would be entertaining had the looker-onno stake in the interests of the country. The stances will allow. About ten o'clock on Thursday evenTbe Mow*.The Hungarian a r m e d at Portlandhave been placed would have warranted the course determined upon." The Committee of the House of Representatives denounce this asplain state of the case is, that a number of per-leg, tbe body of a woman named Margaret Turner was re- covered in a horrid condition, her head aad trunk being burned to a crisp. The body was identified by bcr st«tor, whotookchargeofit TheonlymeansbywhichitcouldwithEuropeannewstothe29thult.Arrangements were still in progress for theopening of the Paris Congress. Senor Calderon Collanles will I* chief representative of Spain, Benor de la Rosa decliuing to officiate. The Pope's Nuncio in Paris had notified the government that his Holiness could not send delegates to the body onleae the late pamphlet was officially denied, and Cardinal Antonelli had notified the Duke de Gram- mont that the departure of the first plenipotentia- ry of the States of the Church far Paris had been delayed until that time. There is nothing of politi-cal interest from England. A good deal of discus- sion was going on in Paris as to the exact interpre- tation to be placed on* the Napoleon pamphlet The prosecution of If. Montalembert for publishing as article in support of the Pope had been aban- doned. The Queen of Spain had been delivered of a princess.Cotton was steady and firmer in Liverpool on the 29th ult, and breadstnfls quiet hat steady. Consols in London rated at 9.3^ a 95J for account, e x divi- dend, on the _i>th of December .Our telegraphic summary, the letters o' our cor- respondents in London, Paris, Berlin and 8 t Pe- tersburg , with the extracts from our foreign filespublished to-day, record the latest events of inte- rest transpiring in Europe.damaged. Towardsmorningtwootherbodieswerefound, the Capitol, make speeches at each other, en- which were also almost entirely burned up Ose of th-m if it be not that, had Mr. Cilley survived the gage in Pickwickian duels, drop revolvers out was that of Mrs. Augusta Ann Athworfh. which was a it Utile more than a mass of bones. Tbe body was ileuti- of their pockets, drink eggnogg, proceed to fled by her bwbasd, The third body was in a similar••41* =pBranch to Mr Grow, of the House of Itepre- codes was Cilley despatched? Again, WebbRIBLO* GARD1R. Broadway—COMB'S ROVAI Aa- slightest ceremony. They are Fhariseea and•ays tbat " pistols at ten paces, and without aim," is tbe rule of " the code of honor." Was it under that code that Cilley tell!WALLACE'S THEATRE, Broadway —HV:BASV to of Italy, as developed in the pamphlet of ai-yesterdaysons who claim to have been electee] as repre-sentatives in Congress meet every morning at be recognized was tbe dress, which was but tittle,Advices from Caracas, Venezuela, to the 17thultimo, report the continuance of the civil war inthat republic, and the defeat of the rebel Sotillo atPao, in the prdvinue of Barcelona, by General Ruiz, conclude that the plan laid down in the La leaving 200 dead on the field. General Ramos, at Guerroniere pamphlet will prove acceptable to the head of the government forces in the west of the great majority of the Catholic world. the republic, entered (juannre on the 25th of No-Tbe remains of Mary Barrett, aged twenty six, aod Catharine Sweeney, aged twenty-two, were discovered in the ruins to-day. Both bodies were nearly consumed by fire.vember,and the rebel Fataon retreated towards Barinaa. The Caracas newspapers are engaged in a dissession OR metaphysical questions, and whe- ther government is a need or an evil to society, inWe are rejoiced to see these liberal tenden- ciesmanifesting themselvesamongstthemem- bers of a church which has been so general- ly considered stationary and intolerant in its1H-20. every State in the Union would be as free from duelling as that State has been ever Mneeknowledge the authority of the temporary pre- Mdiig officer. Tbey seem to think that the Clerk of the last Bouse has no authority whatever inthe wholetrunkof awoman.On the n<ght of the accident a little daughter of JamesBannon, ten years old, was pinned fast in the ruins whenwhich they exchange insults very much after the policy. Not merely in regard to the RomanBowery style of debate. A flairs all over the coun- question, but on others of equally pressing im- try, financial and agricultural, were in a most portance and interest are the indications of wretched plight Senor Rojas, at present residing their existence to be observed. In the struggle in this city, had been elected to Congress.the flames broke out, and seeing that there was no escape C i r c u l a t i o n o f rVtwupavper*— t r r a n g f the prefent Congress, and they pay no atten- for her, she took her due bilQ/rom ber pocket and handedOar Havanacorrespondentstates that the bark priestriddengovernmentofAustria,theCatho- J.J.Cobb,solonarl_fat«d S_ aalmagre.hadbeen licpopulationoftheformercountryhaveno- final!/ sold as a derelict. Immense preparations bly taken the pert of their persecuted compa-werebeingmadeinorder to prosecute the slave triots. Suchconductfaworthyoftheprogress trade of this year both by steamers and sailingHouse of Representatives. Immediately afterhedespatchedabulletfhtotheOburierand En- ance,untilnowithasbecomeanecessityall thefloorofCongressisgenerallyrecognized» $»equality With the flock, a-s a correspondentwho.'ends usthefacte naivelyintimites. We inMassachusetts,isthe preferableone?•itslargebore,"andbedescribesitasa"tricky and bloody apology for murder, without fenrof law," and not at all according to the "code offortune by hislightning presses,which throw off the sheets at tbe rate of twenty thousand aa hoar; and if any one can invent a press which will exceed that, or any onecall attention to this circumstance a<> one of the many instances of hypocrisy on the part of the abolitiou leaders, clergy as well as laity. They use the colored man for their own pur- poief, and when they hRve entirely used him up, they will throw him RWRJF without theHomily •** Col. Webb on DwelltBaj.Mr. Jov Cook to Lawrence yesterday $$,000, m eddttioa to tbe $2,0C0 previously carried up by Mr lhaaads. Tbe Boston mbscrlptktt • « • «M?»*i >1J.0<»i heeides « . « »their desire to see an end put to a system which reflected so much disgrace upon their creed. This feeling has not been confined merely to the laity, but has found very general expression amongst the inferior clergy when they could safely give utterance to it. It is not surprising, then, that as soon as a plan is propounded which seems to reconcile with the spiritual and temporal dignity of the Head of the Cnurch, the welfare and happiness of his people, lead-ing Catholicsahould at once pronounce them-duellist's code," he has grown pious and re- pentant, and is only in favor of a kind of duello in which nobody is likely to be hurt.abused the* Hon. Thos. F. Marshall, of Kentucky, in bis paper, he was challenged to fight biin in the State of Delaware. Webb was not only hit,in the leg, but tried and con- victed of tbe offettco of leaving the State ofselves in favor of it.the Hon. Mr. Petre.the head of one of the oldest and moat conservative Catholic families in Eag-land, protesting against the declaration of sym- pathy by which the partisans of ecclesiastical despotism are endeavoring to defeat the pro- jected reforms in the Roman States, we mayWhen one of the actors makes a goodWhen we find men likelist.«between the Protestants of Hungary and theTbe most complete list of dead and missing that has an. peered is contained in the Lawrence Scntmi, and figures ap as follows —Deadgave a most minute and particular account of vessels. andenlightenmentoftheage,and constitutes the whole scene. He describesMr.Greenasnot yet been sworn in, and the people in thegalleries might aswell beonthefloor,asfar Slightlywoundedas any legal right in the premises is concerned. Total dead and wounded 'By way of Havana we hnve later news from S t the best answer that can be offered to those Thomas. It is not farorabl e, as there was a g >od who profess to find In Catholic doctrines prin- deaji of sick—ess on shore and among the shipping ciples inconsistent with civil liberty.t h e r e . The Catholics of the United States have,Additional particulars respecting the recent above all others, a duty to fulfil in the present'drawing from therighthand pocket of his pan- taloons a pistol eight inches long, with percus- sion lock and half cap, and having a mahogany stock." "The drawing of the pistol," continues Webb, "and its being cocked and levelled at me, were tbe work of a moment, and owing to my distance from him when he discovered me, I could not close with and disarm him." This affair created great fun in the p *pers at the time. The order of General Green to the lieu- tenant to "march" was rich, and Webb's speech wasequallyamusing. Thewholescenerecalled the memorable "lutestring and cologne wafer affair" whose subsequent representation on the stage split the sides of so many audiences.Webb's first affair was a good somedy. second affair, seven years after, was a deep tra- gedy, though even in that a spice of the comic was mixed up. This was the case of poor Oilley,«-*shocking catastrophe at Lawrence are given in to-days paper, together with a report of the testi. •aony taken yesterday before the Coroners in- quest. The list ef killed a nd wounded ta positively frightful. Here His:—The natural consequence of all this is that Congress—the lower house, especially—is still more degraded than ever in the opinion of the people throughout the country, North, South,nsmtorr or CHARLES a SIDKROWS.Charles S. Storrows, agent of the Essex Company, tes- tified as to the sale of the land and water power at a nominal rate to Mr. Putnam, as the agent of John A.Lowell; tbe contract was that the Essex Company should, if required, erect for the purchasers of tbe mill a building of such size and plan as shoull be required, and give the purchasers five years credit for tbe building; it was not then supposed that theDMdTotal dead Badly wounded Slightly woundedM 107208 109 190to the Essex Company has only been tbe advance of a large sum to build the building; witness had never heard intimations tbat tbe building was unsafe; tbe iron pillars were furnished by Mr. John C. Woods; I think tbe cause of the accident came from the interior, and not from tbe walls or foundation, if from the latter, there must hive been large cracks: Mr. Cooiidge frequently Inspected the building; I should not necessarily think that one pillar alone would cause a fall, though thereby a strain might be brought on the others so great as to cause tbem to give way; one pillar was broken in the machine shop, tut it caused no accident; the gearing was attached to tbe southerly walls, and if there had been a settling of any part of tbe structure it would have thrown the gearingout of line.nsruuurr or jxnss PATmsoir, WHOWAS BraisD a THBnmss,I was employed in tbe weaving room: bad been therebutaaborttime,myplacewasontbegroundfloor,attbe south end; was talking when the accident onearred with Mr. Adams, near a column on the westerly aide; it was tbe last pillar but one towards tbe south end; there wa* no pillar netwetn me and tbe east side; I was near that pillar talking to Mr. Adams; be was On my left side; [there is a great drawback to the more exten- by J. Heiles as a billiard saloon. Loss about $1,200: mill; I said "what's that!" and that was ah- I insured for $1,000. Tbo billiard Ublea | did mot Jumped for the door, got my band on the latch, and cJuld*a— Total killed and wounded... 614 Between fifteen and twenty thousand dollars have already been subscrit>ed in aid of the sufferersby the disaster.The steamship Kangaroo sailed from this portyesterday for Liverpool, with 166 passengers and $47,632 in specie.The inclemency of me woather yesterday tended to check movements in some bn inches of business. The sales ofcottonembracedaboutMt bales,closingquietlyatun-Hisments appear in them; the taxpayers, the own. ers of real estate, and business men generally require them; but for the news of the day the metropolitan journals are looked for as eagerly in distant places as in the metropolis itself.The railroads form, as it were, long streets running out of New York, along which bundles of the city papers are dropped at every depot to the subscribers, just as the carrier delivers them to subscribers in the city. Along the Hudson River Railroad, for example, papersing his endorsement The House of Repre- sentatives is now exactly in the position of the French Convention just before the Reign of Terror commenced, and the responsibility rests with the black republicans, who insist upon Sherman and the .Helper book.Fires la .New York.MRE IK THR BOWERY—DESTHCCTION OF A FIVESTORY BUILDING.Between 2 anl 3 o'clock on Saturday morning a firechanged prises. Hour was moderately dealt in, whileholders were firm at pee vlot is quotations. Southern flour naturally be expected that Archbishop HughesThe first floor was occupied by T. Wilkins, npbolsterer,who estimates bis loss at $14,000; insured for $8,000 inthe Rutgers, Northwestern, Wiluamsburrh City and Ar-tisans' Insurance Companies. Second story occupied threw up my bead a little to tbe north end of thewas In fair request, whfe mc •derate sates at steady prices. Wheat was firm. The c h e f sals consistel of Chicago spring at II 20. Own was steady, with sates ofJersey and Southern yellow at Mc. a 90c Pork was dull, with ialas of old mess at SIS 12V,'afie26,newdoa«117»,,and primeat 111 64 a 111 SO. Sugars w ere quiet, and Bales confined to 400 —bids. Cubs muscovad a at fall prices. Coffee wasquiet bat steady. Freight! < were steady and eng agemeatsmoderate. It appears the t the total quantity of foreignsugars received direct _ t a New York in 1S69 amountedto 177,412 tons of 2,400 lb*. each, of which 1*4,616 werefrom Cuba, 15,967 from P otto Raw, and 8,168 were fromBrazil, making a total of si *ve grown of 168,746 Una, leav- blood, the tears, the groans, the agonies of thetog only 8,667 received _ o m all other countries; aad 31,- 118 tone were received, from Southern domestic ports, making the total imports) of slave grown sugars into NewYorkml8i«a»ottatto_»,e_toMonce made grave charges agjfnst an institution of Ibis Tbe building was owned by Mrs. Mary Hall. Damaged were saved by the iron work, ane* I have since seen them country, and afterwards was sail to n*ve received and in Richmond, New Orleans, and other about $7,000; insured. No. 13, occupied by H V. Tomp-faci'itee to the amount of $52,000 from the same institu- kins as a hotel and billiard saloon. His damage amounts theaslgle glance which I ca<rt up gave me the impreB- tion, and gave it his hearty support, he did poults at the South, the price is ten to about $300; insured. The building is damaged $160; In- tine, not tfcat the whole flw was coming dt>wa but i.ot ihiDk his charges were entitled to munh crodit cents. In Buffalo the price is from five to sured in tbe Broadway Insurance Company lor $1,000. Nos. that something was coming through the eeillng-from me; all this was as quick a? thought; M<\ A l a n s was covered in tbe ruins about five feet from me; the Instant I saw the break in tbe ceiimgr I sprang, tbe whole ceiling fell just as I got my band ou iLe latch; whether I raUed tbe latch or not I could not tell; the room overhead was Mr. Winslow's; two lines of pillars run the length of tbe building in every story, and K was ruiiiway between these lines, and not far from the south end, that the breaking came through the ceiling; I wt« not stann* 1 norAXD PRA-CTICB—A NEGRO IN DR. ner for which Massachusetts manufacturersCHEEVRBs CHCBCTJ.—Our readers are very well have been notorious any tune these twenty-aware tout there if a great struggle going on five years back. It appearB distinctly, from thebetween the chnrohfs of the Reverend Ifeary evidence,'that the walls were too thin, that thecommitteer of the Hoose of Representatives, appointed on the 14th o Mirch, 1S3-2, to inspect the books and exasniuo IUU. tbe pr.TctodiDge of the B*nk of th« Ui.ii> d StaWs. An extract from tbo rtport made by the majority of the earn mittee, and published by order of the House of Represtn- tatives, is hereunto annexed, in which it is slated that forcents and a dollar each. In the early mining days we have known five dollars to he paid for one copy of the HERALD, and the fortunate pur-no insurance.No occupant on fourth floor.Fifth story, occupied by.Jacob Lewis, fringe and tasselcrisis in the affairs of the Pontificate. Enjoy- ing themselves all the blessings of free insti- tution*, they should make known to the world how inconsistent they deem the pretensions of a political despotism with the spiritual attri- butes of the Vicar of Christ. If men, like Mr. Petre. deem themselves called upon to give ex- pression to such a sentiment, how much more incumbent fa it on Catholic republicans to re- concile the interests of religion and of popular freedom by a declaration which may induce his Holiness to concede what otherwise will certainly be extortedfromhim.stinacy of the minority, which will insist upon their present circulation, because they are es- forcing upon the majority a Speaker who en-To render the doss more palatable to therecalcitrant Pontiff, one of the suggestions of u spamphlet might be carried out here. All the of Maine, who, refusing to receive Webb'sbroke out in the five story brick building No. 15>£ Bowery. The fire was first seen on the third story In the premises are delivered every morning at all the of Peter Schneider, lounge and sofa manufacturer, Tne stations—at Carmansville, Manhattanville, flamesspreadwithintenserapiditytotheappnrstories,Catholic potenates being called upon to con- tributetheirsharetomaintainhisHolinessin the regal splendor befitting his position, It willchallenge, was challenged by Webb's second.Graves, of Kentucky, and on the third fire fell,mortallywounded. Thefactsaredetailedatlength in a report of a committee of the Houseof Representatives. A member of the HouseFort Washipgton, Y onkers, and all along the line to Albany, in which city the New York papers are to be delivered at eightand notwithstanding the exertions of the firemen, the whole bulding was destroyed.should send in his mite. Let his Grace, there-sentatire*. applauds the conduct of Mr. Growin refusing tofight,and preaches•••* long bosat'yon the fin and barbarity of duelling, particu-larly as practised by Southern men. It Is apity he did not think of this before a challengeof his owa, twenty-three years ago, led tothe death of an esteemed member of theHouse of Representatives. "The wickedness," between Webb and two others to arm them- be pays, "as well as the absurdity* of the chal-taking of life, and at thefcametime vindicatingtbe honor of the parties concerned," while" thecode of the duellists aims at the life of your a<iversarywithtbeslightestpossibledangerto an"atrociouspaper,"andsay,"Itisdifficult self." -The Colonel ought to be well posted onthis subject, having been concerned in two orthree "affairs of honor" himself. The want of encounter with Mr. Graves, and had the latter information, therefore, which he exhibits on suffered in it, it would then have been the fate duelling in Europe, America and everywhere of Mr. Cilley to have encountered an assassin." else, is very remarkable for an expert Didour space permit we could enlighten him amock ballots for Speaker, and then adjourn to condiiMi to the Other two, a n ' 66ul.i £ot be recognised.The monstrous political abuses resultingfrom the corrupt civil administration of theRoman States have excited se much disgustamongst the enlightened members of the church little. Now, it seems, after having experienced with the Cilley affair. We next findAt about half past five o'clock yesterday atternoaa r bold sessions quite as formal, and doubtless another body was found, whim appeared to have fallenthat they have not hesitated to express openly in his own person a taste of what he calls • tbe him tbe principal in a duel. HavingThe first * affair" of the gallant Colonel wasin 1830, when he was a lieutenant, and "senior New York to fight a duel. He was sentencededitor" of the Courier and Enquirer, as he loved to call himself. It was with Duff Green, and was described by himself in a bulletin in his own paper at the time. That gentleman hadsaid something disagreeable about Webb, whoposted himself at the entrance to the Capitol atWashington, armed with a bludgeon, wakingfor his arrival. Green, having heard of his in-tention, borrowed a pistol and hastened to thespot. As Webb raised bis stick Green drewout bis pistol; whereupon Webb proposed thathe should throw it away on condition ofWebb's throwing away his cudgel, andbeing allowed "to pull Greens noseand box bis ears." To this Pickwickianproposition Green demurred, and observedtbat "he would never descend to Webb'slevel;" and then cocking his pistol and pre-senting it, added, "I have no time to waste withyou; so you must march out of my path—march on. march!" Webb said he would pre-fer to go backwards. "Very well," said Green,"backwards or forward, as you like, but marchout of my path." Webb then turned throughtbe door, and ran up aflightof stairs into theto State prison: but his personal and political fiiend, Willinm H. Seward, being th«n Gover- nor, interposed his pardoning power, and let i.im off. Webb doe's not relish this kind of •luelliug wben he fights in his own proper per- son, and ever since he is a changed man.Now, notwithstanding the change in theColonel's opinions since be joined "the churchmilitant" we think that the more deadly aduel is. so much the better, and tbat if there isany sense in such combats, it u>in the duela la mort. We think duelling of every kind;jl>surd, but sham duels are contemptible. IfMI duels were fatal there would be fewer ofthem, 4)0d if every man who fought a duel ness of things admits of no doubt But what are utterly unrecognizable and the other three can only were hanged, like William Bennett, of Ohio, in e«n be done? The sovereigns refuse to ac- be recognised by shreds of clothing. One of tbe latter ishad been charged with corruption by a writerfore, at once commence a collection, in order in the Courier and Enquirer, under the signa- o'clock on the morning of publication. Butto show the Catholic sovereigns of Europe that when the occasion calls for it, Uncle Sam knows how to do the handsome thing.ture of the 'Spy in Washington." who was vouched for by the editor. A resolution of in- quiry was introduced; whereupon, says the report of the committee:—sive circulation of the metropolitan papers in other towns, and that is the exorbitant price which newspaper agents charge for them in large cities, and sometimes in small ones. Inbelong to Mr. Heiles. The loss on tbem amounts to about get no fuitber; the timbers came rushing, and when tber $1,000. Third story, where the fire originated, occupied ceaeed I was down flat: between the time my attentionMASSACRROF THEWHITESLAVESATwas called and when all was down it wss perhaps a mi nute; what I perceiwd when I first looked up was that something was cracking in the centre between tbe noes of columns; there was no giving way from beneath; my idea was that something was failing through tbe ceiling, andTHBLAWRENCE.—As fact after fact connected with the Lawrence massacre fa developed, the con- victiorr becomes still stronger upon the mind that the responsibility of the calamity—thevictims—must rest solely and entirely upon the wealthy capitalists who built and owned the mill, and attempted to patch it up in the penny-wise and pound-foolish man-In an Am*rictn Congress." These words, spoken byMr. alley in debate, were strictly in order, were pertinent to the subjectunder discussion, and "did n^t exoeedtbe bounds and limits ot his place an4 duty;" and thoughthey implicated a doubt inoonstoWnt with uablemUA»dhonor and character In the perron alluded to, yet Mr.Cilley was justified in the use of them, by a report of a not long since copies of it have brought fifty Wimple, window shade manufacturer. Loss about $100;Ward Beecher, in Brooklyn, and of Doctor foundations were insecure, and that the gene- •'sixteen moDtbs" the New York Courier and Mnautrer chaser would have made a small fortune by manufacturer. Loss about$600: insured fir $300.€hewver, in Union Squize, to see which shall rat weakness of the building was so far under- pay the most profound homage to the Almighty stood in Lawrence that many operatives re- Nigger. It is to yjn, n ^ , ^^ to Almighty fused to work in the mill at all, while some God, lb** the tacesmeofpr.yor»_i praise is who had been employed there gave up their offcwdjUfa to himtl^hymnti andpsalms placesthroughfearoftheirlives. Oneofthe are sung; It fa to nisi tha* p r U j 8 t ^ p ^ p ^ owners of the mill testifies that he did not bow the knee in «erottt adora_on. Latterly know it was insecure, and that it was the in- Brofter Cbeever has had rather toe better of tention of the company to make it as strong as the race. John Brown, having refused to en- pottible. He if obliged to confess, however, done Beecher, beeause the Utter only talked that the weight of the machinery was too much Sharp's ri__ for the slaveholder at a coosiie concentrated; and from his statement it would rable distonce out of h_._'t. way. Cheeverloaning it out, if it was made of sterner stuff and did not wear out too soon.The first floor of No. 17, occupied by Jacob B. Hoffman,as a finding store. Stock damaged by water about $200; lust five feet from me, but tbe rubbish wa» plleJ iu solidhas had the further advantage of a great deal ofajTRtnitoua advertising J.n England, where one#4* the sisters of his ehuvch has been circulatingextensively with a begging letter. Acting upon«ll meee pranfaeasnn English wntleman withcolored procUvitieR went to Cheever s ehnrchon Usw ^ahbeto, RenniRjteRterl by his family, their deMgbtful tnstttntions, including free and attended by a colored servant In 1 ivery. white labor In the Territories, and who helpedseem that the accident might have been caused gentleman." Graves himself then challengedThe agents can buy the metropolitan papers for a ceit and a half; now the cos! of sending them to Chicago in the safest and most expe- ditions way is not more than three-eights of a cent a piece, and to Buffalo not more than one- eighth, and so to other points in proportion. In fact, these papers could be sold even at the moat distant point for five cents at the utmost, and leave the agents a hundred per cent proflJaTwesides greatly increasing the sale; because many mechanics and others who would gladly pay that price for a metropolitanThe origin of the fire is at present unknown. I was overseer of the spinning iafjpbe Pemberton nasi at CRNTRR STRRRT—ARRRST OF TRR occcrAsr Millr, occupying the third and half of th« fourth ON SUSPICION OF ARSON. Stories; I was in the third story at the time of the acci- Between four and fire o'clock on Saturday morning, a dent; I was west of tbe west row of pillars, about eightyfire broke out in the lager bier Balxn of Christian Hanson, or a hundred feet from the south end; I was looking to-at No. 86 Centre street, corner of Park street. The police wards the north; I was starting up a frame, b a r d a were very quick at the paemises, and broke open the crash; looked up and turned round to the south anl sawdoor. They assert that a very strong smell of campbene the two lower rows of apianing frames goiag down; tbey or turpentine was perceptible. The firemen were very were twelve in a row, the roars running cresswise of thequick at the premises, and put out the flames before they mill; tbe two rooms, with the alley, made a little more than spend much beyond the bar, tbe apparent place of origin. fifty feet: tbe frames disappeared before tbe Boors above Circumstances occurring at tbe fire, and tbe immediate started; I thought tbey seamed to fall together, both theby a difference of a quarter of a cent a pound in Iron. The conviction that the white slaves of Lawrence were massacred In carrying out a sys- tem which wis supposed to be most effective in •"kate* t*e nae eld Boston gentlemen who Inrnfah the Bharp's rifles for the extension ofCilley; and though orftbe ground, as well asbefore, he stated that he had no animosityagainst Mr. Graves, but entertained "thehighest respect and most kind feelings for Mat,"it was insisted that be should fight to the deathunless he would say something that implied hehad slandered Webb. That, as a man oftroijir, newspaper, and consider it cheap at that, he felt he could not do, and he continued toexamination of Fire Marshal Baker, led the police to sus- sides and tbe middle; 1 started towards the north, andThe party taok seats in the body of the church, John Brown in his "worhy*,. quite Irresisti-When the colored man was ordered aloft to the ble, And so, while the white Haves at Law-gallery. Hfa tatrter, after a sharp controversy, rence are mourning over their khh and kinleft the church, shaking its dust on* from his slain by their philanthropic masters, the black size of tbat of Wiley's rifle. Now, according feet, and, taking Ik a u along, visited the chattels of the Soath are snaking merry withBut therance Company.P o l i t i c a l I a t e l l t g e n e c .ABTSB Wax Not SoorsoD.—If tbe organ of Judge__loh (colored) PrtobyteriRn churchf when their holiday festiviries. In the nam? of teu^article to a case in which a^cballeuged patty, tbe Union.selves repair to the room of Mr. Cilley, and IfNothing of special importance or interet occurred yes terday outside ot the Coroner's inquest. The preoeeshmfs beloie that tribunal are watched with great interest I k eto imagine what is here darkly shadowed forth,Such is the history of Webb's connectionmore spirited, in some of the barrooms of thefrom the card room, which was upon tbe fourth floor, as tbe body "was found In a Bitting posture, leaning upon one hand, with a card mashm*1 upon the lower part of her boily. H«r bead ani beeeet were burned very badly, and one foot and ber left arm were either burned or torn off. A man who happened to be near by when the body was found, thought he rccog nized it as a Miss Bartlett.Every day some new irstance of suffering or Bid be reavement is brought to light, and tbe humane contribu- tions tbat are constantly coming in are much needed and are received with tbe greatest gratitude. . »Among tbe persons missing is a woman named Dunn, who leaves three young children in a very detfit'iu- coo dition, who were cared for by the city. Another instance of a similar character is that of a Mrs. McCaan, who a si leaves several children in a very destitute oonlibouDuring the afternoon tbe safe was broken open and the books and papers were found but slightly injur-l The inside doors were not closed, which accounts for some of tbe papers being slightly scorched. Among the papers were aeqeral old pay rolls and some receipts which may be of service in making up tbe list of the sjfl-rem, but they do not contain enough data to make a full and correctWashington hotels.circumstance that we have spent a great deal of money in building a new hall for the popu- lar, or rather unpopular, branch of the national legislature. In tbat hall are capacious and comfortable galleries for the diplomatic corps, tbe ladies, the reporters and correspondents for tbe newspapers, and the sovereign people gene- rally. As many as two thousand of the latter can be seated at once in the theatre of the na- tion, to witness the performance of the comedy "Who Shall be Speaker?" The sovereigns recognise the fact, and throng the galleriesThen we have the furtherdaily.point the gods in tbe galleries cheer and ap- plaud him: when a performer is stupid or ab- surd, or a bore, they hiss him—so that Con- gress represents, for once at least, the senti- ments of a considerable number of our people who happen to be on the spot.Fouradditionalbodieswere also found,but tbeycan- Tbat these interruptions of a deliberative not be recognised.body are entirely repugnant to the eternal fit- There are now parts of five bodies at the City Hall; twoi i x n l a for t b e R u p i d S p r e a d i n g ot t h e tion whatever to his gavel. Tbey hiss the Ser- it to another girl near ber, and said, "Ton win be saved;Hews.With the immense growth of this country, andespecially of this great metropolis thereof, the metropolitan newspaper has grown in import-(n ant at Amis and accord no respect to tbe mace. This is not because the people have ceased to respect the institutions of the repub- lic, but it is because the debating society onI wiB not; give this to my poor dear father , and bid him good-bye for me."quirer, In which, over his own signature, he through the land. Newspapers published in as an irresponsible body. The members haveTotal dead Badly woundedtor206 IOS 19*514other cities and towns have become merelylocal organs,devotedto theinterests princi-pally of tbe immediate community in whichthey are printed, but they have, in a gseatmeasure, ceased to be the mediums for tbecommunication M)f the general news of theworld. VTo obtain this, recourse must be hadto the metropolitan journals. Tbe country East and West And all this through the ob- papers will no doubt continue to maintainsential in supplying the immediate wants oftheir own communities. The county advertise- makes only a shuffling apology, without retract- building would be half as large as now; the differenceMr. Cilley addressed the FIOUPOIn opposition to the reso-lution, in the couiae of the debate be said:—"He Icsew Chicago, for instance, the agents charget olhtog of this ediiot; but if it was the Birao editor who from five to ten cents for the HERALD; in tbe Firemen's Fund and Relief insurance companies. girls leaving the rooms directly under; they sat down, andten cents, and in more distant parts a still higher figure. In California the HERALD often costs tbe reader twenty five cents, andshowcase manufacturers. Loss by water ^estimate I at about $200; insured in the EreriU Insurance Company tor $600 j v*"was warmly opposed tolho Bank of the United Stales;tnat on the 26th of March, 1S31, and within less than ninemonths thereafter, the bank made three loans, amountingto the sum of $62,975, which consisted of noted drawnand endorsed by the edttors only, and that on or about the8ih of i a j y . M l l , it (thepaper) changed itscourasln charging so much for the metropolitan papers, as a carpet store. Stock etamaged by removal about $26; tbe gearing as soon to require attention; there were not favor of tbe bank." insured for $3,000 in the Park Insurance Company. more than a hundred gas lights H at the time of the fall;tbecirculationofwhichwouldbemuchgreater, ThebuildingisownedbyG.andB Beekman;damaged ttis my impressiontbatthedoorwasjammedwhen I Upon the appearance of Mr. Cilley's observa- and the profits to the agents proportionately about $600: insured for $11,360 in Astor, Citizens, touched the latch, and so I could not op-.'n'it.tions in the Globe, Webb sent him a challenge by Mr. Graves, a member of the House. Mr Gilley declined to fight Webb, on thegrowmd that he "did not choose to be drawn into any controversy with him," nor would he "dis- claim any exception to him personally as aAdriatic, Mechanics' aad Traders' and New World in-large, if a fair paying price was put upon them. surance companies. TESTIMONY OF SAStlEL W. JACKSON.cannot afford to pay ten cents for i tbody was pierced with a fatal bullet. The re- news agents did not see this until lately, anddon't think I got more than four feet from where I stood before I was throws back; no men at work on these frames are alive; some of the women are, among them Prudence Spread, Ann Dorrity and Julia Hartageo; I don't know the weight of tbe frames; there were fifty-stand as a target to be shot at by a rifle till hisport shows that the bullet wasnearly twice tbe ments by which the metropolitan daily papersto Webb, this was unfair; for be refers in bisnow two or three parties have made arrange- can be purchased for at least fire cents all overDouglas—tbe Chicago Times—expects to get the "Little four frames on tbe whole floor and ten muke the mules are heavier than tbe frames; ia tbe apace thatGiant" nominated by the Charleston Convention by ten mules would occupy sixty spinning frames oould abusing the President and tbe democratic party, tbe idea be placed; I was net aware the walls had fallen until IUntitled DocumentThus thecirculaU9tt of fe« tf«W X « kjour-of APTU will show the, awful bhmqer a. has perpetrate*,rH«", I. ta*fc my escape between, the lyxK aid OfthTbe news agents stand In their own light byThe nxstfloorof No. 10 Is occupied by James MoGrorty, of tbe south wall an inch, it would bare «j diaarransa>ddorsed the infamous Helper book,' and nowby Peter Schneider; loss estimated at about $3,000; in-sured for $1,020 in tbe St. Nicholas Insurance Compan v.Mr. Schneider also .occupied the fifth story. Mr. Wilkinsalso occupied the fourth story. Tbe basement was occupied by John MuUer & Co., dealers in wines andliquors; loss estimated at about $2,000; insured for $5,000 my idea was to get away from under it; there were two17 and 17)i,occupied on the second floor by Oakly &Craft.-- ran to the easterly ride to the dcor; it was ten feetPart of the second and laird floors, occupied by G Cmanufacturer. Lots about $300: insured lor $700 in St. hurt; I found mj self prostrate on mj fane; I coukl not reachNicho'as Insurance Company.Sixtb story, occupied by Mr. Martin, window shadethe wall; the bricks in the wall must fca\« fallen ia, aad not oat; tht rubbirh was saught against the wat! over me; I bad just room to by, and tbat was all; Mr. Adams wasinsured for $6,900 in the People's, Belief and Brooklyn In between us; wbeu the fail cam-: I did not f_>e! any sit:king surance Companies. under my feet; if at any time there had been a sinkingpect the occupant of the place of knowing something aboat the floor gave way under me, while the floortbe origin of the fire. Accordingly, officer M. McGhiire, above me shut me in; I saw nothing falling;or tbe Sixtb precinct, took Mr. Hansoa into custody and from above when tbe frames were goiag down. I wae conveyed him to tbo station bouse. Tbe aecuaod was conscious all tbe time, almost at the moment I was iL:. * -subsequently taken before Justice Osborn, who detained seek I felt something from above coming down; the ma him for examination It appears there was aa insurance ebinery etna in perfect running order; I don't know of $860 on tbe stock aad furniture la tbe """'tfrrn Insu- whether the gearing fell at the south end of tbe mil) ITBE L A T E S T P A R T I C U L A R S LtwRxifCs. Jan. 14, 1 W..:CONTIMTATIOK OF THR CORONRB 8 DfQURST. The Inquest was resumed this forenoon. l.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 