 SUBOFSIV IHTELUOENGE. ABBITAXi OP THB JURA.Mlaadvaad by tke same «»e Mm ilatant wkaa tbls paaple wfllkis,•f iBrymen lo avoid"*BcarbyoouldanbetBaaBlaatarad lT.mtjjji..ifD CWNTIM OF FOriNCES AND TRIDE.<abiadoatd Tbenocaa.OoounantB of theFall of PeUng.party of Fear In Pe-Tiwgifffhare notplay-'sendlDg out gold for the sake of fetoUag itIsamaadlaaly dearsa^^ WmAFFAIRS IN ITALY.be macta safer If we defer somewhat to their ex- peruuceia iketr own branch of trade, of which they Tartarof theu thoae roceJTed by telegraph•i« Mt a fromIt sbearrangementsdiplomatists IntooceasliasthatlataC^t tmiltrh aba brUga•the State so that tbe ;laiarlarge supply, will,pay captureofLordEuia,asaaacblevemeatwhich countrydistilols. Atew backtbeamountofexpression'^«»Uaxe byland, as an absolute addition to tblsitis occasionrealrelUfand riebtly urged,great oonfioenoe. Botltwobld be very basardous to assume that, SGould the dlsturbaaae snoside steadilytbe refusal totaxes Is beoomlng canersl In thelicted.Hooses and otherboUdlffswere ^daspoilad ifLondon journals one day the Pfrna.Uberty whichthe^ ">* OoTeramant telegnm, from wUek tte laiportaat InfSimatlon wblch we reealredtbeImpart wouk) put an end to the war. In China the aaddaystaxes remaining unpaid was 12,000,000 floilas,or aboutAssenslbte man, wbo would for a moment thinkIteMlowtwpencountry.throwing either toe Queea, or theof the enemy were Ttitbf^ in Peking. AllIh^itlllBiweraencampedonthewalls. LonLlMDi and Baron Gaoa were at Peking. UtHa iNfe waa entertained of BauAioir, BoulbtIntn^uotloa of foi«lgn capital. The aim of primarytbe Banks Is to give faclilues for the movement of thethe subjectthe Illegal<ttM nma^ CerreapoDdent), or the French officershas a bias Intlre laws of oar universal^ suffrage,-whichbaa The-weatherhasbeenfsToraUetfaepastWM,ft*-'at tke Hague, will shortly proceed to St. Pe-usuallybe a oomlderable surplus of bills over aad been occupied, as it would appear, without a con- Aiiti German demonstration in tbe theatre. The Ger- aw, liberty.asArabaaeadorattliatCourt.—BrMM C<Wt aa Ambassador from Austria, and it was beUwwi Ikat Count S'Asxauo only awaited the fall of <3arata te pnaeat hia as Ambassador of Italy.go from this countryand in that,"the Emperor," but the noisa made by the audience was so tremendous that hardly a note could be heard. The disturbance continued tuitll a Croat actor ap- pearea and promised bis fellow-countiymen that Intice be revealed— liuus- that the movement of Ideas, of sen-.In such uadertaklngs, tbe firstaaLT Tueo^ United States Consul, was glren tomeeting anyof those demands which areincessantlyto a maaifestaUon from tbeof theirlanguage tbe followingseveral howitzerstimente accepted by tbe Goremment of the State, batto overthrow the State itself—to oppose to the Gov-made om toe wood on tkewH^^ntala side or sumaltIarisingAustralia. Tbls is, for the moment, more than ade-to the and otherof ernment such another Govammeat—and to theof the anniver- dynas-to tke aafioa be tor by valley baipw. TUsisdcaeBaavaBAii, the actor, en the occasion of lils firstfrom some or quarter other,is tke from yield onlygold own pavilions tfae second wouldsteps yield onlystege. Duringnightwere introduced Into thebllaaaid to bare reached Paris, from the;gunscapital4aay ha laed for the sracuation of Syria by theOn the same dayan assault on M. vok Clxskawski,employe, wfao Is opposed to the introduction, of theout even of speakingno fiiMBJilliia for ike report that the French Minls- ler at ri—>aalliiinile had insisted on a prolongationNat tUl tka it again seen, aad Hidi peiliapa te IhavenottimetodiscussIt Nevertheless,ifI may someplaoeinaopesslbleatthatttma. Wteatkalofa be allowed to express my opinion candidly and with- are cut and by tbe ioroe of tbe lawa of gravttatiaBons ta sanender. In tbe event of a refusal, thatFVom the Daily News, Dee. 10.We have taken Peking—^we may say we have taken China. But we dont and ws,beforepla<)s<«a alao babealegsd.Tka fclMstiig have been appointed Councilors ofcommnnl^National Bank, of unimpaachsole credit, to fall backwaa( Peking,can't afford to keep China. We wanted to find a Government that would make a treaty and itmatter, as it has been In England, to define tbe deitog it absolutely necessary for somepoint which separates useful discussion from thatwhich Is to tbe Stilte. It Is an affair ot con- injuriousscience as delicate for a Napoleenlan minister as forUaataHpoir far SicilyLa FaatfA, DIreetar of the Interior.frsace. The Americaa currency system is in otherrespectsdefective. TheextenttowliichnoteIssuesare secured upon State stocks, which are incon-keep and the only Government tbere was has taken frigtat and nm away. That Government has been frightenedCeaaoti,vertible precisely at tbe moment when their conver-at us from tbe first. Fear made It refuse so to longsystem Press in Franceready any responsibility, in Interiueting the Press to make attacks on the State, under whatever pretext or with whaterec authorityThe coal beds on the:of Public Instruction.The nomber of Deputies to the Parliament of ItalyPiaiav D^ectorsion In the stock market. There la another conside-MosBisca u PRirn:<^om tike Ke^olitan ProTlnces is to be 114.rempfotT reAisal.Tbe Cologiie Gazette says that a perfect nnder-cur hanas. What can we do'witbft? There Is no- tion of repudiation is Itself indlgnantiv repudiated, body to fight us, nobody to make peace with us—un-salety and where, useful to allPreaa oii thein a of child's gameMWBasschange to tke rates of Sagar. Molasses, FretehlsExehaDgaa.ALABMIHG AGITATION IN HUNGARY. coDskictable term. Wkentime eaovgb for us to relax somc^of our caution.1 tie prevalent tinwllllogaesa to beUeve that A merloaIraaillttkA. uitred here l»»t eTenlng.Urcipooldiplomatic collectingtbe Prince Tartararmy, and tunili« all his knowledgespirit EogUsb legbda-Her adrtcossively, for a stream ef tbe precious metal Is con-amiawasIbis representativeUon, as regards the Press, may be thus summed up Complete liberty for whatever Is aa adrantaoa or aot dangerous for tbe Stote, and negatton of allflBerty ofthenortbera parts af tbls vallaystotn ef tbe middle ef tka noatb.that aa extraordinary amount c€ derastatloa was la-standlng has been come to between the Cabinets of lierUiT'Sad Vienna to take energetic measures against Den^HCkf relative to the question of the Duchies. The other Governments of Germany have been solic- ited to send inctructions to their representatives at tbe Diet to support the vle-ws of Prussia and Aus- tria. Tliey are expected to be unanimous on this question.Tbe 0*t-Deut»cke Post of Vienna, energetically op- to be made to New-\ ork bv the Peram created noless the rebels will be good enough to undertake thatDo not forget that the more exceptional tfae discre- quaking aipmiposes tbe propoeitlou to sell Venetia. Austria, it says, does not merely defend Venetia on the Mlaclo, but all the territories wliich formerly belonged to the Repub- lic of Venice, tlie ports on the coast, and Southern Tyrol, of wlrich the complaints may to-morrow at-"arid govern Chinazeal for the interest that will eoal ^discovered toere, toough public youvery promising** jrlsaThe propo-makes as to sell Venetia, is an abominable snare. In tions in foreign stocks.do not; if wishes are againsttract the attention of Victor Ehaxtel.sition," adds the Oat-Dcutsche Post, " which EnglandThe demand for discount at the Bank to-day wasdiscouraged. intend'^Thingsalwayslistening to it Austria would lose all moral considera- tion, and advantagd would afterwards be taXeu of her degradation to refuse the price offered. She would at tbe same time lose both her territory and ber money !"struggleA St. Potersborg letter informs u» that the decree emaaeipatlng tbe Russian peasEints has been signedAflTalrs In Itnly.interdicting quite as absolutely the same thing, South had been captured by the British ship of w-arwc cannot but be struck by the contrastwhich is to be remarked between the ex- Brisk, in the vicinity of Mozambique ; tfaat she cleared active and diligent to toeir unlawful calling. Several treme liberty which in our eyes is enjoyed by the on Nov. 5, 1859, at New-York for Havana, /rom which days ago. lour men, wito a wagon and three yoke of English Press and the rigor of the laws which govern pUtce she hailed when she was captured." I am rather oxen, went out for a night's sport a few miles west ofbe promulgated on the 1st of January. Various ru- consist of t)ars which were not wlthdra,vn from theFALEBMO.News has arrived of the arrival of the King inTbe statements, rather than arguments, whichdeputations from the various mu- nicipaliiles of the island.port,bored to deato with long sermons during the cold weather, for toe Sunday Tabernacle meetings are now- from eleven to twelve to the morntog, and fromhave been hazarded for some weeks past, with a viewness The most prevailed.interestingmovementsOn Sunday morning tbe first meeting of the Con-froB us ! Tbe Ume isproduccxi AKOTBZB PBOCLAUATION Br OABIBALDI.author, publisherNow, if we reflect that the judges nominated by theto the Englisb Mtot, thegold which was forced upproa.jhing when, as we were back, as it had been obtained fromlemation of has King VicroE Ekascilaaor of such a work. printer•T-''??l?ff"l^V^ >*' i^ l^ere the slightestSicily.Once agato toere is trouble Mint-masterhavingallowedtbenseofljj»»»cp"'eCrown were chosen from ameng the most zealous smallunder 100States, fleet as the wind, whicfa will laugfaa doaHs T Bri«*»^Y°"'„"?« arits return ! Again, whatcould be more '•thefollowingpartisans of the HouseUnitedatto toe abbreviation of toe word"ica Ifcaa, wUlst in tie throes ot a rinaiici^u panic re-GAaisAUi Italy and Victoe EmstrsLbe Imaeined whatwas the of the Press for the libertypresentcapture from the Coast ofcrimelieved herself a great prepi^uro l>y puttingThe Italians must anyaccouctabandonthlsprogramme.partisanstoe whole new bronze cotoag. is to be recalled and remintedand by from us at a momeiLt drawing specieolics or as theywere then ciUed, an 1 othercrammed with tlieir Africa.Poa- have allowed -'Britt" as awh>-n we ourselves were much straightened. Thence, witarapists,'living cargoesview canneat rapidity, our market underwent a crisis, and, aj the scarcelyunopened. have madeTfaosa wfao hold thissuJfficient allowance for all tfae men of ourenemtes last century,whentfae HouseofHanoverbadbeentoeMtot-mastermaythe scene of shifted from America to pardcconsolidated, thelong partyannihilateil,Bagland, "bl"ai"f we, in our turn, put a pressure upon America,!s mui hIbad sent, and much besides. Far tooa I Victoa E»AROSLbe atlegislation. Fox obtained from Parliament a bill ap- pl>lng tfae verdict of tfae jury not to the fact alone, but tothecharacteroftheseditiouspublicationorlibel,134 deaths diirinir whlcli127occurredof the Brttiakis laid, we the think, uponof anspeedy return of the gold which we are now dispatch- ing to America. The experience of 1857 upon thisthe sameto a T" and the offensive bronze pennieswould that back the so »^, brought goldwho wroteto ex-contravenes of the City certainThident " writes to toe Philadelphiaswiftly in subsidence, througn ex- hanstton, of the panic In America, but, andgentleman,but I w-UI cite two cfaar- which wiU serve to show inlastforbid the discharging of fire- works, guaa and pistols in1817T Firstly,weadmit,the1dlsposfil of the Govermnont acteristic circumstanceswhat spirit our neighbors regard-""*-. a ten per cent, rate of discount at the Bank of America, when in sore distress, bid hlehto slavery in upholdthe Press. on feast days or faoUdays. I the streets of this City1of toe remaining"About $1,200,000 ^wtaut instantly return. But we do nota ^SsiS^d'^ISSon^ »^£'d^»vored by the impopularlty of the Prince Regent—itthat a kind of doctrine happened, I say, republicanground toat toeirrelatiou to tbe and af Goremment;iMOMMa aia absentcaused serious uneasiness t j the authorities, and that juries, intimidated or influ-tfais City during over Morocco.toerejoicingsfor tbetriumphsofSpainit tionrapUnr.enced by thi- r.ew npinions,andusing largelycityb^means oland, in consequenco, a Uw was enacted indealing.'prospectequaliyofto Iteare ordered for al-anticipate the indlcatloiis of such an oc-wheat aiidaccident.pMfe bantttmx <t fold cannot be expected to occur sooffspringdwells, unfortunately, with thetotoem, by;consequently,aad in the expensed comitant evils—prostitution, degradattonWe think the mercantile will do wdl to push this line of argument to its logical ooatiailsil, irtich Is just tbls—tfaat America, as tfae MgbastbUder at present for gold, will keep, for tfae lime, what wa ba^a sent ber, and that our ooly meansof kuS-^w°wL'°"'/?Kf'.*" «b'sthe en- crown from appt>lng to Uie dellnqueuts tfae principlesduringwho coDchided to defaolt rather than scrlbers. payis by increasing our own bid forAS tbls contingency would be tantamount to a very tuiogaat money market In Et7gUnd, it will be appa-forcing'f getting ItItscourge.wtJi as those ofknow iruleiii liiat ttie hearts of the millions in our no-of thisthis island are urged torent that, whether theA luturn. there la at present a very great call for cau-ble c< as well ss all ovpr the globe, boat for the unlry,gold1 -n. Under this head we took occasion, onreach) mustbe neglected till it Is drlMi. either anii-i'L-ertv 'tf nution.s.We kno'v but loo well that if 4'0wi.-rp to take serviw un- compelledof tne laud, toe manufacture of toe producU ^i"Dec. 22. DIstorbanceand,thewith the con-fpreadicg In the country,stop in Americaor whetherU-t, to printout the error Involved In^oa would not be sh!pi>»d to America until thelately becoms, that many mirkebi have had bit der ibe most i'<spiCL*t.le Government, it was not withneighboring propose,'but toe' Vi-nttnfaLiour>oii us!toatgreat stressthat on tbe 5tb of March, IMl, tbe head of 500,000 soldiers.toe soberme'anchofv strain .""-""o"ble under present circumstances. What was it, we continuance of complaints i,,, i...VT„?i:coosld* milder. rabtyGovernor of this City,point, which has been cited, is sanguinelyinapplica-'•"="'ImatterI will not here dwell on details by enumerating thearms which the English Legislaiure has placed at tfaeITf ??i hJ5dls^rfbT ^„Tti- '^dffX'^^i,^your fellow-countrymenserved the cause of the Pope underburden of op- Everyonein Italy our heavyaswellasours,advantage arms to their hands, willfaavingthe rightform of i|*cle, not "'a nJSS^SiSSSSimstorST^^_ wMk sailtbe ezciiaage. bat asager^»»»gaatteB^^HwTisaJiaPieaaaatkeFaOafPeUa^. fVeat f*« Timtt of Oes. 10.•Uif_^^____^impo.ss^inbtltesTtoqumaalnlutflea.c,ture Intosugar atm^^aStasfa Is ato deride tbe whole operation, and to hold up as al-(i.,Zia some quartanMnBgawafoattaa^"^^o^Ml^ttMyWe may yet make ptabaHaa TOB tobtaU leaa towboi^ rm tbS^o^ banqMt,Crown and of tbe Gcvamaiiol added to the terribla^aipnal.armost RuUiy of fbUy tbe numiRooa mpectaUe Ameri-can boufes here nblob have taaea part in lu Surely alatolerablyavldeat^J^^^^^ ThistimetbesuccessWw Affairs la Haagary.tbeeo bousesengagedt^nxK0[tfMoney IsAPFAIK8 Hf I|VAH.own by tbe Ptrtim, waa taken. It is dated from Its pietent potat. Its afiiscts icill at onbe 'So- rotten tfaat tbe profesalolS of anas is despised but ;Nor. W, aad ooowa bom (he Britishwilt sdll be for Ume to come the most advantageous market for the employment of capitaland, as in the case of that who burned aU Oie books and castuasuUrplag Emperor thetoxes and tbe arrears owe. Tbe tbeylibertyIaaaaiaplaees,faUkairCuiyi WjH*"' «t that place-TwMtMtntm^ PeUngarelnoor hands. FiimBB^teeKMv* MbaMtnmed to us. Cnt.'tmttmmimiiU, Da Nquush bave died<ioaMmafcetaofIBtreaiinent Bnaiawan4Beviaraieunaccountedfor.Tka MBtBJue^fcSaJMwriirtane tea been taken aad—Ike one wbeta the mostated,ap<|i«|lB*i»l!iyaw aDoU.Tbe MikMbraM aed bto Tartvy.Tt* fiMwaMto winter at PeUng' and Tlen-tda. Twe AaitPfniora are at military head-quarters."grantingbeen to soma extaotingOn the 2d last the Cardinal Primate of Hungary mlstakea views. When tbey utter indignant Invec- slderable:UiB liMdui bito a trench,'stoabeen created In mostInst. Ina," says His Eminence,Paktaf Tfadendtothe AUles on the 13tli, yieUUng III IllHiiiWilina MiMiiillj waa ready when demanded.The Cartel army fled with the Emperor, and none exportation of which Is the grand means for theon tbe late conference ofagain.Or ate we to Imagine that they are wiU-and to over playagainA Vienna letter of tbe 3d has the following"The aituatioa beoomes more complicated aad taea years' with bard labor.pass away. If our sooLey market remains ealm ttiewhen some leader of and vigordoesing,adsantageof tbeagitattonprevails,Parliament anyor tbeAax^rlcanplaoe,revolntienary- parly has, besides, succeeded In eetehllshlng such a system of leiTorlsn In tbe country tiiat no one daresPress,which Is anar» to be picked up. Tbe mercanOle advices brought by the Mtaoeit Armun (tbe latest datalled so- oaonu as jet la oarpoisetaion) snow eieaily thetbe benefit of some other or dynastymollTesoftbeNew-Yorkbanksla doningtberestriodve polieyhithertofuQowed,andlatloas tUl tbegrassgrawsaeztApiSarMar.op In the country tbe vast stores of produce, toeas as there longcrops forassoonastheseranbeturnedinto ;pire, prefertberigtattoquarrelanddestroythemselvesandmad," unless be an theymoney, tbe country will be rich beyond all former experience.uglyOneoftheneahhislnafoim which cannot be converted intooper-partisans.Tlie London Timut has reason to believe that LordIiAna8.,Ez-MinistertoWashington,andatpresent market,tberatesinthelatterwillremainatanun- teriousthe nation than be.and of the Hungarian privilegesprincipaldifflcuitiesofAmericaIsthatherrafh save with time. The allvded to advicespeiforued. Tne march Peking—wUch baring betrayed" state, BO often depicted as an impossible achievement, and native country. The Count naturallyup give you.parties, all writers, really submitting to the consUta- on a new officer's first official actton.thatbillsOBEngland,withthebestsignatures, could not be sold above 103 per cenL, and express an an- ticipation tfaat, although the relief in the money mar- ket will tie followed more activity in the ExchangewhichheIsaIt Is a notorious fact that no one has more resolutelysociety,tofounded tbe throne of ttie apoliohs in order to make terday being quite warm. Tbe roadsbywriters, respecting tbe will of tbe French people, only weiedaubedoverwithblack desirethelioertyofthePressforthemaintenanceandmanyputlow as there will level,they have, ia fact and laof the Press In and the law England,oaMthe piles of gold which we have been in the habit of counting upon from America will bs withheld for aGod save;any case,sup-us the infliction of the which punishmentoffensive missiles. Tbe orchestra playedIkiagfofaith andby tbe terms of treaties. There are three parties in AooapUmentary supper, presided orer by Mr. Bit. served that, as no gold will come to the Bank of China—the Mandarin Party, the Tartar Military—life who can reasonably complain tfavorabto Lcsi'icns for siielter at nigbts aadconsiderable to come. And here it periodkeepingabidingdoiiic storms, ^tttithaatlesoriniti, of coarse, an eoa- should be used on tbe not to have their Ideas, their doctrines, and their sen- atructed tmaehaa. Next tka "di^tobe ob- England from tbe Continent, the only resource forUTetpooL'TniUali Oa^enment, requesting that ap early day point to tbe probable continuance of a certain degree tbe last haveIof stringency In oar money market.While this is (he position of affairs from the aspectfor,comparativaly even bed to sUda down, for If a log, wbee desoendtag, bits against aa tards,atthesametime,theenji^raentqftheliberties object.Itpitehesofteacleanover,andburiesItsdfta-in which It chiefly Interests us—namely, as affectinganImperialFreaoklnapa.The Paris Onutitatiimtl asserts that there is thecourseoftradebetweenEnglandandAmerica,axMi fromusbecome and Themisfortuneschools. Tbewere called out, and under their protecUod M. Tom CiiaxAVEKi was able to get to the railway sUtlon, There troops towards tbe Grand Duchy of Posen, and Russian forces have tieen pushed forward to the western fron- of Poland. The Austrian Gov-— there are many features In connection with the do- mestic or internal relations of the United States wliichgreator greater.is. that these three parties are to a great extent inde-Polish totothe languagepublictroopsof our country.As to tbe Instrumente which the law at present ex-the movement of specie between tbe two coimtrtesscrotably somewhere to tbe snow. deepare likewise suggestive of caution.these Is In Amer-;that theand to leave for Lemberg In a close carriage.Among the impound system of American banking.whensort of tbeatrlcal reuiect for, but a practical disregardhas been a movement of Prussian recentlytheyTke stage ot Gaels eontinued. A trial of the Ca- ica, at a time of confusion, the banks fall first. In for tbe Uteratee and that the commercial is os-of tli»n«aeh«ooQpatiQn.TaUl feaMHy tftimMt tke fortress bad been made with force a pressure Into panic The banks. In fact, tenutiously despised byout Ikat circumlocution,system,as anexcepUonal brought to the bed of toe eafion, toey are hauled awajteMMaarsat.Tke Pferia FUru says tliat the Sardinians await thewhich is at once so and so disastrous, so la- glertousmentable to Individuals, so costly to this country, soprinclptemanyon sleds to or to markedinstances tbls has been sufficient of Itself to;partybotlt Thesearetbedifficul-subordinate themeasure, to exiganeies Imposed bythe establisfamect of a new order of things. Is doubt-lead a oanlc, instead of staying It. Upon the present oecasioBavastnumlwrofbanlLs IntheSouthernandby applica-tion it is more frank and more slaeen than if It wereWestern States have like collapsedProrince havebeen received here that a great to be formed in the Danubian fact artillery, rifles, ammunitionBat then ai«card -houses.fall efCastabefbresummoningQiecitadel of Mes- Tbereisfartoomuchpaper,aadfartonarrowabasis ture.always asaaol specie. Intact tbe amount ofthe metallic currencv throughout tbe States is greatly belowthe requirements of tbe banks and the at large. There Is nothe Hanoverians. It is likewise Infinitely morein conformity with tbe mannera aad sitoadonof our country. It is doubtless a difficultforsai^tt,upon,Englandoflike tbe Bank ofor the BankThe Frencb GaTennaeat and tke Pi Count PxBSiOBT, Uinister of the Interior, hasenergetic,reniark, tfaat In the great majority of circles the no-of persons and of thingssurest guarantee of public lloerty, of order, and of theof pay. The ordtoary price, however, to trade, aadbut tlie mere word'has an ugly sound. It is one of America'soldsinsrecoilinguponher.we cinnot come away wittwut being ridiculous. We have lost our eneany, arid Ifwe cannot find one we must invent him. We are well aware tfaat there will tie plenty of advisers intionary power of the administration is over the press, and ptoe. The hottest bumijlg wood In this region ia noble spectacle, and it formerly I ha^ not liked true Ihe more should the exercise of It be directed bv a "mountain mahogany," of a scrubby, dark colcied, Lberty, 1 should have acqulreU a taste for it in tfaat cropuious good faith. Call to mind more particular- close grainef, hard nature, found, however, in batagainIatber active. There were very few transac-—oftbe Spaalsh Antbarlries—Yellow Fever.It is steted toat after to-morrow toe Pony is to take increastog toe distence between New-York and SaaTHE MONEY MARKETS.ly that it is IB the interest of the Stete and not of theFromtke Timee' City Article, Saturiay Evtning.The English funds opened this at aa im- morningthis awkward conjuncture.country.As England, therefore, ha.s preceded us in that ca-Administration tfaat tots has been powervery limited quantities.For several weeks past tbere have Iseen consideia-ble talk about, and some digging for coal in tbe ksaatwoof toe mountatos, er three miles northeast oftUseity. Asyethowever,toerehas,Ibelieve,beeaaot^ntiag bargainsletterless soldier retonis tbe beads of the aposdoctHne, frompreseat himself at the sales of fornitare, grain, aad that moment tbe liberty of the Preas would cease to gather up tbe remaiaafer tka a( ttair ^'paint,firoeptetrieityonwarningsbecomesadeadlatter. ThatabusesInMildenlythat he who made bad to treat with diplomatiststbeexampleofBnglaadtoclaimthetbeAtPraraaad Dtek aail 8prliw«<Ua,^ T^. aOMt'abovetlie demandagainstcommoditiesim-testTbethreat—thatnecessarythreatto sack theman actors and actresses were llot aUewed to per-form, and when they attempted to address the public societyormtheGovernmentbe thatthe exposed-Coaat Anoiui had presented his credentials at tne ported from England. The prospect, therefore, Palace unless the Imperialrgt>t IXm-tlptk tfatcg, gttftgbag, gjumbir «5.£a«ably nese party were content to abide the reralt of tbe;were condemned by the Judges of the Crewn,giadnaUybacoatet u^!q!S!iog to rtalise a lose corresponding to the expenses ofbydint of arms andstrategy—the Old Chbiese partytransportationAnd now, can any oae suppose that, if these judicialPrince's first rssistanca are the best possible judges. If we are wise, we skaU when tfaat was decidedNorman Inefficient, Snglaod race, preradA Ctae«« Wla4>at*rB>—OaalteProa Oar Own nniisafiiaiTanlatact as )l the goM parted with were parted with for a against them, they im-eraatSaftlaatacan conilnue to draw from us to tlie goldU demandedIt returns It will be quite cessfultactics of deceit Lord Eiaia bad thenbeing people,ted one, England, which in tbe past eaatory shraakex- ; Is good grouad for It.tbe 17thMarch, IIMO,<nd soGbbat 8au LakiFnrtker rispoita cdkne in of thn ilsainii doaa ^-stantly flowing In upon her from Californiait Isby short time, make a consideraoie addition to ber aaetallic reserves. Tbe receipt of a million of girid from Eng-i merely laying aa embargo upon will, laof thefor object the eflbrts of tke great majority of thenomises which, even if they had not the intaatlon, ject was 10 Inspire couSdenoe, aosd this had already they certainly had had the power to perionn. and toDailyNeitos:'libertyacoomandationmeans of thecircles that the Immediate object of the 13th October conflmu all was to relieve the paralysis In the marktt for sterlinghavingwill be tbe settlemeat of tfae questloa relative to aa electoral law, by means ofthetoe reputaUoa of being osaaUy aaA* sat^ectworst of the crisis Is past but their ;ooodltlons of lloerty possiblewbich the Dtet is to be constltutad." The venerable evente tbey calumniate English liberty.and at all Indeed,Athatta^ttedtaflieabore. It says In addlUon that bills baa been totally unsalable, "nie effect of this Capt. ANDxasoH and Mr. Ds N'oauair ;Pl>iH WligTainfor tbe acts offears of the Mandarin party at Pekiaa ws oae the reason to do ao, fer three- fourths of bis conatrymea tbe consolidation of a new State, or newerrtian whiofa bad become so ge,that coinplete producesponsiblecruelty perpetrated upon thatto theTbe truth Is Ibat the exampte of England proves toand destructive Tbe MormonUberally. Their general ob- aocompllshed,.a strong impres-polity, byplaces south, the storm appnrs t« hare also dd'ae e«»- damage to buliiHaga aad stacks, bat to aa such exteat as to the settlements norto of this dtr.northsm porttons af tbe Territory ha««Western and Southern States, it tended to blockco\ery of tho^e two gentlemen, whose fata still bangs in such tenible suspense.paid no duty is pubUuly sold by tbe peasants la tbe village!, and in more than one case g'«UarmMhavetbe extremeriiiiiliwaM|provement of an eighth, and manifested firmness totheclose. TheBankreturnwascon'>ideredsatisfac-tcry, and tbe knowledge of ttie large bdlpments about three wotild sacrifice theirreer, bydisquiet. The transfer-boois of Consols are nowprospectsandso dangers. Letus,you. by youronlylaist price from Paris this evening was 69f. 15c. ex dividend, showing another iractiwnai advance.dbeted by tbe !"•J"S'*2&*l*»*•"'"'«'•"taaC^the ItaU iaa Slates naMal a sUgbUyapwardanrsBaaL Breads<^>^aate>aarallyputTiS3«^^52^£3CstuAatHe«^Torkbarerattaeritsafl'««aelgbborhaoddifierid so vervmlrtiSSCEthatjuries. the — It^^Sid^ SS^SSTheThe shipments by tlie Persia amounted, according have been helped out of ao many embarrassmen'.sbetween tfae partisans of two rival dynasties andoitno opposite religions, appear at first to ex-to one aL-count, to £511,000, and acccrJiJi^ tu iinothcrto £620,000, each sum being of far greater ma^iittidethan any previous etiipment ever made to New-York.Of the total no less than £300,000 was taken from theLiverpool Branch Bank, and such wa^ the eagernessto thip that some amounts were put on boarrl as lateby the Emperor Alsxasdxk, and that it is expected to as 12 o'clock. A pottiou of the gold is believed to THE BECEPTION Or EIN'O VICTOR KUANOKL INapproachiag Camp Floyd from life West be stombled, fell, aadmors are in circulation respecting the essential char- Bank of Ei-giand. There were no gold withdrawals from the Banlfein London to-day.Palermo, on Saturday morning, at 9:15 A. M. He transpired, except the important fact that the personal Tbe drain of gold to Ameilca does not Interiere was received with indescribable enthusiasm. Tbethe question itself as to the cause of thispresente inclined to exprcbs my disbelief of tfaat portion of toe toe " skinnedacter of this great reform, but notliing certain has yet From the Daily Ntws^ City Article.it ;phenomenon, which appears so strange, and as it this city. During night toey bagged,"bursts forth at each page of the history of England, above quotetlon, which I have it.allcized, because I and dressed three of somelwdy's oxen, and by day- and at each article of her legislation, astonishment is have a perfect recollection of the sailing of the Sunny light toe next morning toe beef was safely housed iaUber^ of the serf is formally stipulated.THE FINANCIAIi CONDITION.with the rise In the funds. A fresh advance of 'i per people insisted on talkg fie horses out of the car-cent, occurred to-day, and was well supported up to the close ot business. The transfer tiooks are now shut, and tbe principal piA'chases appear to be de- signedtocoverpreviousspeculativesales. Thereis no doubt that tbe dealers, as a body, are largely over- sold in Consols, though holding an ample supply of New and Reduced Three pfir Cent Stock. In the Share markets there was not much business, but firm-felt thatlt ^ould have been so long the custom on the Conliiient to invoke the example of England, not onlySouth from this port, and remember my regret at tfaethis city, and no questions asked.A brown seven leet inches from tip toTRADE AND FINANCE. From, the lumdan, Daily Ntwa, Dec. 10.tfae mostdicts to this latter.for a caigo.perfectrecol-fallen snow, from which It could not extricate iUelf.to prora tfaat tbere can be no possible advantage in were an advance In London and Northwestern and sulta di Stato was held, in the rooms clothe Lieuten-sending gold from this country to the United States, Grand Trunk of Canada Railway Stocks, and the con- ant-General. Baron Possiowas chesea Vice-Presi- and that. Indeed, gold cannot go unless at a consider- tinued inquiries for Brazilian Railway and Uie New dent, and Signer MassAai Secretary. The principalbe true, and because the honor of tbe United StatesA youto named Gsoioi N, Saira, is reported killed recently by Indians to the soutosrn part of the Twri-able bMs to every one engaged in thelittle comment beyond that conveyed in the fact thatA from telegramber aad tbe 8tb of December the total to shipmentsItalylating liberty, and the provlnelal and communal ad-"operation,needLiverpoolthe steamer Pereia, wliieh left forof one of ber officials on this island, be attainted thereby.tbeiSteaaier Pertia on Saturday took the enormoussum of £020,000, and that between tbe 28th ofNovem- £e20,0«0. Had this intelligence transpired here dur-theof tbe Press, of books, of journals, of publications of all kinds, was subjected to tfae jurisdlctton of tbe com-with which Aiaarlca from Liverpool and Southampton have the United States are looked for.readied srttbia a fitw thousand pounds of one millionsteiUac. Facts of this palpable kind appear to havebe^ required to teach some amongst us that,howerei much we may be inclined to make becomes contracted, through the influx of the reve-must be steted that contrary to the stetute law, steamers drawing 8 Spanish feet," may be national- pieceshadtobeleoalled from eircalatioa toooasaabroad, we shall inevitably be drawn to some be counteracted by borrowing from that estaolish- extent within its vortex. The ramifications of ment. It does not app{>:u, however, that any appli-n,ust be Immediately attended to. the Undoubtedlythis law gives a discretionary power to the judgesofmodem commerce are at once so delicate and so ex- tenalTe tliat an agitation at one part of the chain isallthe time that the Bouse of Hanover bad in the interior Order,"felt to Its very extremities. If aderangementoccurFrom tke Star's City Article.Although considerable anxiety is prevailing aa tomunal must also be considered propertyand thean that of and violence—tfae period passionsilgorous rightOrder has been lished in the Government official paper here, unlessla its Immediate any great market,;Judges of con-o'clock A. no such M.)Royalpub-the soch bestben circulating me-is to contnba^ons upon every other market. The lateatproof of this was presentedproducoil by any great export of specie to the United Stales, tbe conviction is stillworst of the disturb-state of the dei Poveri and the prisons. Atbergmof written, pub- havingwhich has not asago, France which many maintained we bad no cause whatevernttacks on the Crown and the State,impression of this day,after a which Punch and ParUament borestruggle, iawhen tbe bullion of the Bank of — requirementsorlished printednot to fine, onlydiument parte, toe new flortos wereto trouble ourselves about—carried ooont frooi 4 to A per cent, within a few;I fear thisto the African Slave-trade, and lead to yet greater cruelties being practiced than have yet been per- petrated in the middle passage,—that wc shall finditmaybeasked,is nowtheperson themintage, andonlyit be in theyet been delivered to its subscribers."tendencya few weekslevyConsulia was to requested especiallyHe was most anxious to receive with deference t'le coun- sels of those around faim whom be bad called togeth- to assist him in accomplishing the difficult wora oftfae material and moral of the reorganization country."It is stated In a letter from Palermo that the proo-of the Ctowaup our rate of dis- days. Where,on the offence itself, but onMarine Instirance shares.•aimoimces that thespeakers were Signon Pica, Poiaio, lasaiAin, Avsl- ship- uso, LaoPAsDz and BAxnAccBiaz. FAsm opened themeeting In a speech, of which the following is a con-densation" la this season of transition it was impossible todo more than to to Southern apply1692, alrearly under Wiujam of Orange, to the fall of tbe Shuart party, in place of tfae peusorshlp which bad for seme time existed under blm, but which was amild measure compared to what followed,ments ot specietory,byNew- York this day, have amounted to no less thaning business hours, it would, doubtless, have stimula-the lawsregu-hereafter foreign sailing vessels imder IQO tons, and paddle- wheel steamera drawing 7 Spanish feet, and screwaxe not fortonate to the matter of their It ia coinage.further advices fromIn the discount market and at the Bank of England Everything must ultimately depend on tbe Parliamentted the eagernessthe demand was beyond the Saturday average, and5minlsfratioiu which are In foree In Northern Italy.mon law.To understand the character of that jurisdlctton. Itbut a few years slaca an Immsaas issoe of two-sblUlagnot much business was done belowper cent. TheOne of the principal duties of the Consulta would bewhich is the law written and voted by the ParUament,under theof tbe Mlnt-mastefs having oailtted tba lettan and admitted to the same quence "have been more Important than were considerablyvessels,to<;s burden,built in tfaean- ticipated, and purchases are still tieing made for theofliable, up to 1760, to dismissal by the Crown, itiTetban tbe experience gained in isi7 Amer- same destination. It Is said that these operationsmayof badso grievous is considered this H^BrUittoa*i.nmay probably be attended with loss, and that the gold may be expected to tie returned with the boxes innot on Vioroa Emakubl is the only Indispensable man in Ita!y, around whomof Greatto consequence. ywbich it was sent, 'of Stole. it wasonlyattfaeendoftfae tfaefact that the balance of trade with tlie UnitedIof the StuartsDuring twenty-two(November) ye'lowBritannlimm," just-country, and that there isand thatof the Catholicstfaat ondeatfas fromzas, and two in Guantanamo, and^-^ stSdSL. -Til "5*or be^S;rlKS-^f'?PSSe drvJ'"'^""^ ''" <»»« «" » deadIs still position—(Papacy)^ve found^Sirii"'.•"1°%" f-^P'"'TM « '^'TM ^I'e" ceased to be she continued to be prostrate, gieat,and Hill lies in tliat filthy sink, because the Ahnighty was pitaseil to visit the queen of the world with thatWo the deceived ones of ireiaud, as f-ltv— fn a lengthy edlturial article in toeL« fX^** '°'° hasfallen, ifagainstthisTAHio(the latter is ;) but what I care for, preferablesubjected,public.\(;mrvi.TURAL PROSPECTS.!his reasons, however, "proprietyWith t^^^Ti."" ,'f'"-*^-''"''Erprtss, Dec. 10.Nov. 28.made theon thein thisAn order from tbe Political^ 'he resu.nr^Uon of a me.ancnoly strain, t;ie Mai.iKjronees of fjx-lK arres a"which alteration naturallylegislationcliance ofsecondly, rains have incessantlow-situated localiUes7^dfor'barewltal,andhadit Inourdistress,webid SSf',^1^"^"P"-'"^«sowingofSprt;."Thenew MdchEsTMuaoSiaCApaxSA, Nov.12, I860.England fear thislead to bad resultsof the PoliticalGovernor will410,000,000'urionofthlrtf days,MdinthelargeclUes. SomeO.IOOiOlOwisbMmat.lil^W«lliaaddrewit backagain. Wereapanic ta mamImoai money market now there is not a 4BiM tb^tlia operation wltnesssed in 1857 would be ulliisauaagain—thegoldwehavejustpartedwith:;remunerative return; nearly water-loJ«2l ,h,^.of tbeKi«"°« *<"«> to hand as aloniouenc"a band of misguided youthsafter Fox's bill, when sawherselfatthe veryheightofpower,andonly thought thenceforth of enjoying her Ubertles in peace, it happened tfaat after a serious economical crisis, caused by the dearness of provisions and tfae faeavypprUoBloam on which Mr. Cosa badgtian an ex-»il„,," f7^'of ttr^'^w,^!;^?,*^'*Italv:Twenty-five yearsdisposlUonwas ^iP^ wjttrday,"' oW"""" "'"^«' upwards, withTheof and im- ignorance"" "«*only one-siiteenth is useUile by first-tiut weil.e Stateper,oftoe culUration of the soil, leaving neWheat rate mUlers, the bulk (while good foreign is wltldaand other countries;to"i*,"'*^';'*,'"'^''KnglishItaly;wbicfa fine and imprisonment, and, punished bydevote themselves solely entirely to othersclallv or naturally. So^onvloc-d of this havii fa-,n- decf iv. ,i Monday era ycutlisone It wa^ broachedwas anticloated In some q'lw- agiinst Mr. PhiUips fouul .uffi-supposing thatsmallofffr has aMr.p kep' prices wi.ere tland this was effected by meansaso '.i.W.Ui.i..\\\.\:\.:.-t: .-i:.?.' '^ifeelings .- ."'fe'letter has been received from Gen.Government paper of Sunday ordinances whichsupplies, and the redicUon of tiie quaiitliy un Ihe cu:'.M'Lt uf Uie Dra,re and generous I rHouse of PariUmenlIt iif\a% toeny ar.-, ,•.; ^I;Iperiod.fromsmall-pox, ciiy.IslesInsistsonbetog correct teratton.eotoaga,Ifollowingan Irish"Law GoyiB-iuMi Loah.— InJepao-Bnaiiulaak;^ Oneaeing, aa we are coaipeUed.-to ia, from a few wUl joyfoUr aad giaieA^ saa: "An Act tot better oa^tttoaoselastMl^as to theof affalis.ffaOfaUr.podlionwhea tbeof Fores ind athat tbereChina,king. Both meant to get rid of tbewas, party«oa^et0r-{hethe lavadiag armies, game of last year ; but the war party under tbe Tartar Prince proposed to do Itvlutransmlsrianandtkeiossaflaietestt ItwiUpreft- proposed to do It by delay aad diptomacy. The CU- critical every day In Hungary. What Is awst remark-Taku, and mediately brought Into aciioa their oftea-sue-Young which Is ardent Hungary,'Anglo-would be brought to a halt by mere theories f Cer- talnlraot Ever faithful to ber grand princlpla that,to deal with mereters of tbe swotd, and wbo could andertake for noth-mittees,oiganisadon establishedpoliticalduty. Untilsomebodydoesitpicperityofthecountry. IhavelongwitnessedthatItallied armies landed tapubtle faealta.dlpiomaHsU, who weranot mas-by the Omstltolionof If tofrom no means employingwbiaa choloe,it was to aeceasarypresentat 9 o'clock on the monlng of th* In tbe fiiat place, sbe does not rely upon us exclu- ss bis Emperor nomlaating his brother speak. Use startInK point of the completo en- la tecapltnlaUoB, tbe of IfteTh» Cqiuud tctew-fteanuhip Jura, Capt. Mctie, tant Is very ratoral and (hereing but for tbe formularies of tbe Chinese ofiljes. While tbe wasidefend theflyaastyof berwould not hesUateCrrr, PiUay, Har. M, am,If the country would onlyIts leading of taindelegated to it is natural that we should endeavor to ascer- my ministr>'. Let not your acts, therefore, shelteropen its ejes, and consent to see in tlito consequencesof own errors a '*wonJerful Provi-what moans sbe has succeeded inassimiiatmg usthemselves behind that but let on protection, tfaem,the contrary, be like mine, exposed to public discus-dence," what hundreds of younger sons in the kingdoms cheerfullyto herself the libertyof the which Press,enemies, excites so muchby a wisdom higher than our own that we cannot buthope to be helped out of this contrived to get into a pretty sloughriage and drawing him in. i It is calculated that up- wards of 4(0,000 persons had assembled in Palermo. His Majesty went first to the cathedral, where he was received by the Archbishop. On arriving at the palace be received immediately the constituted authorities, and afterwards tbedesecration of theStars andeagle, expanded wmgs,eightto examine the disorders which by had hand when circulation longcorrupitoathe common law unwritten lei nmIiz«dS('anlsb flag" andD. G." between ths words Victoria" Eagi-period is now at tbe usually been introduced into the Administration, and with re-Is (helaw,;cru(ii,"light of a commercial or financial disturtiance nue to the Bank of England. This process can onlv gard to organic laws, thoae affecting the communesmemoryployed hi tfae coasting trade of this. Island, or Porto ths ab- extremely excited upon the polat, athnbuUngRico." I know not tbe source or tbe authority under sence of reference to tka " Grace of God," hications have yrt been made there for the quarterly ad- vances now offered.jury;duringbutit must be somethe effecu to be likelyeonttouedIssue ofanyin some is over.theOther parties are not so;protract«l toe mostqoaners thatscourging and the pil-stroiganceThey assert that until political confidence is restoredimprisonment,promia- recaUed for a freskreliance caimot tie placed the return of commer- uponcial confidence, and tfaat we may expect an unsettled state of things for the next two months. The trans- missions of gold to the Uniteo States during the weekjurytetters "D.G."duly and two-*llltog ftcsfcsanguine.lory, but even to deathnotasno ona and that ,v,Royal Order" will give a fresh impetusexcellentin all:rigimeBythat by a"Right to a T.*—Onr neighbors of Bnghalelective principle must be intr9dace4 into the pro-tlic crown as regards the to be pronounced penalityw hich the Cuban Messenger publishes this"Royal Officialany connectionwiththsQuaea'atttles,to a deliberatsimpressionThe Nalionatitie, of Turin, publishesproclamation by:must rally. I do not care whether the Minister's name be Cavobs or Cat-sllily,Contraction foriiabit of using two letters P to signify pages,.in Canada and Australia, to out gosetforshut, and for the January account the quotation if greatnewsofthereactionarydlsturbaucesintlieKingdom vestmentInChinaisnotafavoriteof Naples, ai^d of the bloodshed thus consequent upon when ne are from Calcuttatkethe support given by France to the detbroaed was regard eu with more regret than surprise.them not behappen as the nationthem, the stream of events lare in their furor. We are in China, but when we shall ge:out, the wisest statesman cannot imagine. Already it is announced that the forces winter at Pekin and 'Tien-tsin. WeWhen we study the law on the Press in Enrlandfrom the periou of tbe accession of the House oflianover, we are first qf all struck with its extremerigor. The passions of the times and tfae violent The Slaver Sanny Santh Signlllcant Order more time for his jouraies ^ring toe season of snow,speculation just now, sending (regimentsKing, to keep the peace tfareaten'ed at Bombay. But letof their enemies, let us ol our rivals in glory and in power.tfae^ThUis a mleprlat, wc pre«im«AFFAIRS IN HAVANA.England.then, see how thi> problem 'has been solved inthe day was 92?i'S93 ex dividend. The lectors, m8gi^trares, anytliiiig you please, they may England, and like tfae Romans, who, constantlyim- prove yourdevotedness to Mm. Ice. AcceptF. DE PERSIGNY. itBhooldba JOiin UaEtiv.aom" has been reported.Wheat fetches $1,25 per buahel now to tbe stoies.toough it can be bought for tl for anah, and forthe same tempting Und of pay, flour can ba bougtat at ft per hundred.throughout but be Deimitte.i toserve tbe dear old country. In-provirr their means of fighting, adoptedeven example;I notice aseverity, by the same political preoccupations, and American Press, to the effect that tfae ship Suimy toen carried toe express to the Camp on footbutthe rounds of thecoqjaaluresAacttoa^el and y—„so keenly sharpened that it tniqiphed over •*• A Irish jury, and on their Tcrdlct two joumaUsts, gaOtr of eeoitions libels ( Joa> Moobbu, and Jobs Maohis') to fonr-of theambuscades. While tte dispaiohes fhim Peking Young Hungary party are tending both at homespake tbe most were peaceful language, tkereattackingEnglish Praia epjoTS so is,proe- lamations througfaout tbe coimtiy oSisring rewards forand abioad.Another alarming circumstance is, thatthe political and soaal iltuation of theswordareaeldiAnInaccord. Thearmylagenerally30,000,000t,The oceapters of farms, generally speak-whichof Oovsrnmeatfendng was destroyed, wkUaaflUr aad graia staato the exoepttoiia, and very rare anas too, wenT tkaaaoonduot liketblsTartarPrince,arevulsion takesthe advantage for all. But If any party should arise aad psopose to overthrow the Stete forwbichremainedaalajared.tke stock of ba^ was aaattmadJpniiBiiseoutyorar |ha country, and k vrMf Ume tba piaa^ la*a hat' taMaularina all theocwlemptwblch had In auletcattle, wbich are made by order of justice tor the noa- exist for Ibat party.pay meet of taxes." Thus when, whether ia Prsaoe or elsewhere, de-The(oUowingIs fromtheVianaaoorresDOndeatof claredenrmteaofanestablisbsdCTovenimentadduceaq|brtslock, some af which will kare to maaaga am Tlimes bean eastaban- tneiefore,bsafaonihimselfintUsdUloultpositiongponhiiprofession.—bleak the power of the other who old not la- party,aent InvltationB to one hUAdred notables to assembletives because are not aUowed to attack the tbeytend that the dUilomatlsts should do more than suti-serve their We believe It will be strategic designa.found that tbe Tartar Prlnoei and bis hordes are re-at Gran on the ]7tbTfae of the meet-Lord EuiiiNoof a sovereign wbo sfaould be loyally served can findfault with Lord Eloih for tfae oiergetlc measures be men in Uimgary, but he is now regarded withadopted to recover the oflloers wbo hadbeen so treach- aa eye of suspicton by persons who were for- to the of the State.man, however, who deservesto bebeen passive spectatorsweeks ago Baron Vat was one of the most popularwhich we have so often been for havingfavor of a Government ofmember,butN It the basis of our InsUtnttonsdeclared to be asreproached — as a march to Houasiew has; if those parties, those lent condition, wbich isai» la nxnrt advantage ef by totbeaugmentatiaaofeawsiythout resistance of accomplished any worthybeenserious mentloiL. Tbe gates ol that mighty and mys-takencity,Agram o< the thenthe lasttheir wood-pOes for tke Wlatsr.upheld whichin-thisdistantWesthas otthestreetsinbeing touchprobably held a sort of fabulous character, have longand on the 28tfa of November there was anStete,ITot that tkais absoliiteiir toaecesslbte to the Winter, for maayhardy parties camp oat to tka to mooataias,workatwereremains that some additional amounts of specie may —has been executed. Tbe Chinese have themselves tbey were pelted with rotten eggs and other equallywood-sHdes tke duringdeep snowtoconstwct igood "shaaty" ortwo,tn seean aad?|urutatlaeer supplies for some time. These considerations and In tlie ellects ofness of those parues, resiieet for aattonial will, pubUc slide aad lllilag up every koUow or abrupt daptaartiB ami a fraternization of the Poles and Rutheaes. Interest, and the law do not permit that paasioiu hos- and covering every rock oraartk prqjeetisA,thstJfcamayBut if there arewho topropose themselves,forcedseemed to be best Mandarins tbe ofupontimente, ofshallcommercial and inaastrlaladapted necessityto toaoh those obdurateawakencontrary oplnioiis, social, political,everywhereand the Commercial The first would Party, Party.future tbe Slavonicpendent of each otherdespise, but cannot control the militaryisting places In my bands bf tbe system of warnings,military,;prisonersgiven upacts of tbe Admlnistretton be discussed—thatgreater part of tke seasea afthat tbe Old Chinese literatesnext Summer Isfind aa efBclent have a leader,ties which have produced tbe condition of affaireOalida,butthereless Inas dictatorial as that foundedtheperplexing in ti,e present,thetu-dipOt PrlncipalitleB. Ac, have alreadydisguisedunder forms In tbe manner of judicialk want ofand so uncertain Inof arms Isgeaerallypersons wbo, frqmtoeir wood-piles cleaalong and severe Wlntor has made its appearance, raa-vidailr. Weber are being workel A road has beea made to them, throa^ the siitidaaa of the Territorial Legfalatnre, aad coal is aaw vague anxiety. Whilst one set of banks are " throw- when Mr. Baccs was about to take a formidable flotil- the Minteter of the Interior, 1 am anxious to make sult any private considerations, from whatever quar- offered for sale at the plte at $5 per too, aad Tiie Ooremment of Vioroa ^UAinrBL had oiTered to ing out*' other banks* notes, as the plirase runs, pre- la up to Tien-tsin, and knowing all tills we have man- known to you clearly in wtiat spirit 1 Intend to exer- ter they may come, in the resolutions I shall have to in this city at $2S per ton. This is cartalaly aDirector of Finanee. Soaiia, Director of Public Works.;sion would be most desirable, aggravates tbe confu-have us at PekingDec. 6. with tbe discre- tionary power which tbe law on tfae Press confers onration, too, which predisposes the public mlad toChargedtbey maybe on the other hand I will not con- made,nothing but fear, as Lord Eloih wrote home after signing the treaty of Tlen-tsin, made It consent to receive us there. Fear made it resistsowelltfaatnowwehavecrash, some very unscrupulous writers, in a not over- emment from fsax to abaadoa its capital. 'Wuat 1 have beenparatory to thc^ all descending together in one grand agedthe Gov- only Interesttake for tfae of In our purpose constantly favoring(W respoasSdefor ibat part of the Public Del>t of Romewhlekfalle to the Territory occupied by Sardinia.The Papal Cabinet met these overtures with a pe- tbe r^udiattoD of debts as a weapon in the warfare with this timid, faome-keepina nation was trade Tcise tfaat power. justwho may be oountry the aeRlimation, if I may use the-expresalan, where tbe liberty of of habits of free discussion.high price, but it must be recollectad that Saltrational maa wculd tielieve.between tbe North and the South. It is only just to The flight of tbe Emperor leaves ui with Ctiina onWood which 1 recommend to your attention, and which I of the year, toe quality of toa wood, and the ktadsenipuloua Press, have raised the idea of intxoductxigthatotujustly pieuAof their institutionseither to tfae State, the public order, or to theprices.raagas;:Paxis,compelledcertainly we have !vincialSlidcqamiual butwithtnwhatlim-' aftertheveroictofthe souncils,Laws re- gardiiig the public security, public charities, and com-supposeSpanish ""Its must be fixed by the Contnlta di Stat y.toDiviasinvestigatetfaeexercised tbe demning any person guiltyas we are ia the or twa forcinginstantlybackfromherthegoldwklchwelitMc<-ri.cpioipuctofitsbeingturnedinourfavor.andwhjatallItaliansmustInexorablydemand,is,opinion(demandingamodificationoftfaisrigorouseighteenofwbichoccurredinthiscity,twoinMatan-lettersrtosignifyfolloe.Whatevermayharebasegroaning.—were changed stsee the erigtoal wm&uHp- the ordtoance of saeasshm ef Soatb CaraUaa. This reason may havs opantad as atbara of the aak-peninsulathe last monththere were fever in ibis island,"GARIBALDL LXTTXR PKOU OAKIBALOI ON TEE IBISH BBiaADX.TheOasibaim byplain that it was Popery/.and not Ireland, which sentpubUshed in the officialV«%-nrilfovl^ S"'^ piesslon under which j country,ofto have Are-of thU ted s«il»albaftWho could everthatevilInsomuch disposed per-thinkthat were not deceived when theyiknows thedeeds tbe tboughtofpattlas,poweiful incattle food. Indeed, so low is thee* ihc couragtcusly cut off that caucer. Rome actmekts of bill, peventedh\s:':-. V,: .: ,.* ,.,t .:^:'.\ ;.i l,..-.Jsof bi tU_Thoo-l \yLAMoaioisas Tel^jWkobeen seatbystill meets with soLastly, inspire yourselfgreat examplemany Resident-^, col- uneatiriess, presents manybythe andbeassuredtfaatitis Emperor,weaponsprofit by;lock,community servvilce^aSbflre5f"o,r.,m"'i°"J 'process much is only Albion liecame great and prosperous when, Fox's often tfae J udges of the the past three days. Some valuable jewels were to redeem which willThis explain the high rates of town-made aminegroboth Stfrested.city, of tfae 15th instantPrensa newspa- toe agriculturistswinl?leTnI.f„SS'lPK°P^'"''°,'''<'"*'«'^'«''"''^ Flour,the to defend jurytoe rules of strict"'ee'tbehypocrisy,poor and misery.Untion,nttiitlesadDocumen;..:.>-., eslv.csciti.. .teaaeiUoeiswithIt establlshe.1tyraats. la t_aBlyaBanr li fetfiijallntfirl^Vild aallatha(bi«thei&ablebilt U the political be- antapaBlsmwhiobexlstetween tbe party ofand revulutioiiary, aad that of the Magaates, or oldaristocracy. In all meetings of nottblss, or of com- before a free it is necessary to be a uni-wereta bewouldtbe reAstabUshmeut of the cirU andthatfianalsement ef Huncary fr'om the sovereign au-thority ot toe House oc Austria. Noww that:bytha heavy wta^' It wooU seaaobtaineditbe,now Ifanynewperilmenaced State. tbetakearise, awl to which tbey ooatribute, to atoid paylnctke for kbid of Intereourse with tbe afdynasty or-bouies Id New-York and the producers in the rtacbed tbe re- nd Tobacco which has lished order, struagllng not like the Tories and Whigsfor, whilstit utterly disloeated the relations between the purrey- chance whether Capt BaAsitoa and Mr. Bowur fact, the state of things la Hungary is to all intenUpsralytls wasprejuilciallnsafetT of Mr. Paaxss and Mr. Lcpa and that upon tbe refuse to obey the orders of the Government In ;; hostile to the estab-;Peking depend our bopks of ultimato purposes revolntloiiary.salil.tiieLondonofattack- Preas, tbey act underPrelatewrites in adespondenttone,and he hasgreat as,ontbecontrary,aadInthemost maoner, striking*'*' objectState, If their tndignatipBls sinoere, tbey misunderstand the;but when we arrive at thepresent period, when nothing of the passions of the last century exists, and when, nevertheless, we behold the new laws inspired by the same spiiit ofPrem Our Own Oorrespoadent. Havaka, Tuesday, Dec. 18, 1800.days.plain this terrible legislation;freedomby the English Press, but also other liberties whichgloriouswas found a few la days agofor the of purposeclaiminggreatenjoyedofMill Creek caAon, struggUng to tke light freshlyThus, down to the complete annihilation of the par- of the Stuarts, tbe English laws oh the Press ap-thishimself bad beenfrom which he professed to hive retired with a com-BaioBAu does not wish to have his people evidentlylaw. In those new circumstances the English Parliament did not hesitate to give to thewhat view bankers and buslnesa asen will take of this sort uf practice, which heretofore has not beeaof the common Gove.-nn.ent lbs—wereever.recognized as quite wltoto;ezpedienu, lu coaformlty with the ceninsof tbe completelyoverthrow the throne—that is toof traffic Six are nations within tbe nation, liberty can be given to"ations appear to have been prudently and successfully unpopular that bis feiluw-counuymen openly the instructions which Lhave to If all prove. It Is evidently quite esriy enough to be d«waerously Tbe subsequent military entrapped.Cuimt Soschsb is so safetyAndnow,Monsieurle PrefetIneedscarcelydrawmerly his devotedto has beea accuse blm of " tbe cause of bisthe asexercise of force, aad tbey have felt that ex- Croatia. On the 20th November, aaothei — whatever the scraping snow, it fiUls, dowa tbe site ofto Imaedlate requirements, but there will be no ercise In tbe terrible cbaige of our horsemen sary of tbe Polish Revolutton of 1810, there was a ty dynasty then, maybe weak- tka; to be convlaced, and tbey will strengthen in thefr convictions as our commercial relaaons with tbem go on Increasing, and as tbe profits tbey derivealwaysbeen mostreadytile to established order akall be alive keptour Armstrong gunsin tbe ttaeatre atpoutical demonstration Leraberg,tbe studenU at Cracow committed;wood bare a maytier of tfaeernment keeps a watehfiil eyeIs no reason to beUeve that the garrisons in thattke homes of the wotiun. Such aa occupation, however, is too dsngeroos feoaextreme cold, avalanches and other to ba rsnsos, saiyfollowed.KingdomonIn tbe Sardinian Government to tbe Sulina.laabillty gonefat one-third of o^circular to the Prefects, onaddressed thethe wliich to be pursued relative to the am not to draw back beforecoming Into general use ia this city andfollowing oughta Hanoverian judgebut what I can say is, that if Ialiving among peoplesay,the enemies of established order only among degene-of toe Lower Em-rate Uke tbe Greeks nations, who,It Is "wiU make therightsA few days ago tbe German names topartieswith- any danger, all that retaitls ths fosion of parties In the great family of the State re-been reinforced. Information has defenders of the House of Hanover but In ;Lake is a great place for highthe Press is openly exercised, witfauut tieing a danger gbich. Monsieur le Prefet, is the order o( ideas from $0 to #18 per cord, according tu the seaseabeg you to take as your rule of conduct in all theparlies, appealed to and respected by ail, it forms the propositions which you may have to submit to me. for labor, is $12 for maple, and $10 forthesevere and most rigorous legislation inter- Africa,.—ries of tbe new institutions of tfae country. From ly to,lianover, and were evenamongst sion. with theoftheof tfae Stuarts, for the Jacobites, the Cath- tfaem, except it be in a calm, and wfaich will be;^"'''^ American:IfifOin case of a second <onvl!!tion, with transportation,(he author, pubil-her and nri .tor of any seditiouswiltiig against the Kii-g. the lloyai family, tbe Re- idea is by no means a new—Toossabit L'Ouverture," at Watertown, Mass., aagert. tbe Govemmeot, ihe ConrtltuMnn. and eithermany years agototheIslaid of .Tamaica.to erect central sugar ters,any iittemptclassofcruiserstosons!paragraph goingbroke tils neck. Masterwbo was.Soak, riding kim,Stripes, knowingas I did at the time her destination was the coast of tipI have aUon, too, that very soon after lier having sailed fi-omof BozalesI heard certain" stetemenU from a party whotypear to have had only a single objectnew dynasty against its political or religious enemies,and to interdict in the name of Liberty, as it were, petency, which stetemente I only now thus indistinct- one to two in toe afternoon. Ratoer sharp on tong- itie arms and instruments of Liberty to the adversa- allude because I do not wish to believe them to wlnded preachers.wblch remains tn theJudges, interpreting tfae traoitious of the pastto defend theengagedta ths African Slave-trade,,peisonthe Cuban Messenger of the 15th inst. I learn"near tbe Santo Clara.Kould,in theRoyal Ordter," dated Nov. 8,on.and " ''planters, howeve.,theirsutementothattbetbe saaie canejuloe of vartmusSBKnreatercleama«aadpi«eHMp|pi|!«kstowMeh cai.eiuloe on »»eil«»ei^ produced various ««aie°^-ibe «ala migtat be eSposMaV afs Tbu,t.•k-e-—scheme to beiareality,tbere is net at present any party, any their raatis aad Baay Wowa dowa. A great daal a(over- or the ConstHatloo, tbere Isnograandas there arefor the Ministry, but as tbe Jacobites formerly did, tothat, aslongparttos" Little Soldier "bistalled tkls chief, wiu is the head of but aband, as the great chtef of all tbe Indians near «"? place, aail dlsbibuted to him presente aeconUn^f.among men,V t^ji* wind-storms tiian ike soatken.and consciences oi^the privileges as Spanish vessels, provided they are em- na." The of ths oOmmunity bscama religions poitloB; thatanctfaatthus,politlcul or religious enemies—that is to s^y, during Paper, for up to tbe moment of my present writing (S Providence as tbe fouatala-bead of all royal rigbta.declaration of tfaetlie simple declaration on the factis such areissued wito toe embossed on toeir ifainiagtakingburdenoftaxattonconsqueptonthewar,andalsofa- makesthebloodruncoldandthenattributetbemto ioropletetbepayssentoftoaofibo^half,VoattadoWe bad an Instance or two of tfaat kind to'-- -whichand otbardid aatI have beard but of one robbery in tblsstolen from a house at tbe corner of and Cotn- $1(0 obligattoas only bnagObispoman and a posotela streets. The robbers a whiteabout tSO to toe market It remains to be seen, kow-Francisco to fifteenOn Monday evening, as toe Pony was1 d.- -.newspapen areiaaa Superintendent Dans wflkaad his baad. CoL Davu, itsaAThis,jaaloBS,ed wlto corresponding geoerosity. However this marurged, "biggerborderlagcUefe tnsC-ss- dnrtog follows to eagage ia tiie wood-sUdiiig bosiaaab But tbere seems now to be a fair praspect of cartThe cattle on our ranges are;fat and toe beef-thievespurpose of biUeUly-a deslgaThe high tory party took Wgh ground agalastand finally,MessrelinU** Co., $3,000,000 for themselvesMr. Wendell Phillipsdeliveredhis lectureo>IgaareU Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 