 iDDITlOIAL Our London,FROI EUEOPL Ptiii and Berlinwas agreat JUv atoh-shear a s awaeanaattaa a d are*PABAOVAT,-Truetxca—Bigh Prices of BaawsnoTHE SICILIANREVOLUTION.1Hegotuttioni for a Commercial Treaty Be- tweenFT«JAC«uid Pnu^M eLoanos, May 6,1M0.GwUty—tKe Re-Ooarthe pool have seetimes caught tripping. Net long ago I mentioned aa ex- inoatoourthtmlorkueartedgeof ths affairs or the warId tensive fraud piaciltoed am the reveaue by seess greatBaft-Sat Amtmttm Nern- tefTradewxihreturn Irotu Parts to London a similar gain has resultedLettersleavingPariaathalfpast sevenP.M.nowarriveto London a t half past six next morning, and instead ofntkntog the morning mails out of London, they now ar-rive in good tone to be sorted and sent on by allthettja-toad day mails, and, what chiefly concerns N e w York, lattow to be forwarded via Southampton. In future, there- are not mentioned as baring appealed. They were, no started a steam oommonicatiOB from the Uaitod States i sit fitastsdJ%ptl to Xtotok^Jrwiseal «Ctobsnsa.oaterupulooaly observed the clnb regntoasas, ta«a\tora pohato barroom or to drink hotors. AIinfnssfrn "- AM a*Estatesaim Americans care about aa moeh for Lord John's bill aa they do of the domestic arrangements of the early JUaraobaaai Itolemlealess, government seems rather ahy about accepting it, andhave n * received the overtures of France wtth that cor paradise or cities stands oat Uke the mooa when, as dia'ity which so well meant a proposal might be thoughtthough ber ports and her duties are concerned; and that though she suspended all diplomatic rights by ths treaty of November 11, yet she never delegated them toaccount* In the NEW YORK HJEBALD, believe there must be some truth In it, and are liable to judge wrongly.babty they will retain. The Frenchman cannot contend •actaWtUj wtth the Engttohmaa oa the ocean, though be doe* aometime* la the couaiiaghoaee and the manu-factoryThe fraada om the Auatriaa government, tu which poorchurches, with dome sad minaret and tower—its noble streets and broad avenues, aH interspersed with foliage glowing in all Ins joyous livery of spring, form s sight thatvention been cited to meet, aad fire times has a quorum chip of the same block.''been wanting. Those absent are the strongest support If I recollect right, you always advocated the principle era of Buenos Ayres. It is believed thai there is y e t to of friendship of the Uaitod States towards other inde- be, somehoworother,a dlfficaltvto be created, which pendentgovernments Well,sir,youwould do but jus- shall hinge on that Convention. What its character is to tice to this country and Its government, aad act to ths be no one knows, bat Us effect will be again to embroil true interest of our own ooontry, if you would do the the province with the national government same to regard to Paraguay Nowhere in South AmericaThe ofitoera of the aatioaml army who headed the insur- is the government no well respected and obeyed as here;rection begun on March 8 instead of being delivered up to this, the offended province, are ordered to stay thirty tesgues away from the border, or else choose a more dis- tant province for their residence.Veaatatn railway boada wan-ottered as a <l*ratr to Count Cavoar, but the ate .-a patriot declined to reap any profit at the expense of the publicThe Sicilian revolution is bs'.ieved to be a formidable one, though it la not auppoeed that the inaurceau are pre- pared for a campaign. Ihere haa beea a large and en tbuasaauc meeting oi Sicilian and Neapolitanexlitsand ayuspatbseis held here la London, at dt. Martin a Hall,'entlveear(hereshouldalwaysbesignsofexpiosivsmat- tor which might any day convert a atone so beautiful aad wondrovsly artistic into one of confusion aad ram ,value to itself, but Important in a strategical pointof view, and the posseesion of which would give France a ••natural frontier" in that direction. Instead of the imagi- nary line by which sue Is now separated from the notch'complaint, thaa, appears well rounded. Ths Ate lanto boats yesterday ware manned by mongreliPrtpara-It to wonderful that oar people, generally se very quick to Bad oat where a penny Is to ha mass, have aot patsteps* •* an Asarruait, 4c, 4cthePailaagarbaakCrandiaassumingadeftnitoshape. onlywtshMr.MorrisbadahotelaslargeattheSt. thatthegovernmenthiInwantofassistanoe,The Paraguay river to navigable ths whole year round AffairsinSouthAmeriaa-The WoolBmrvmHOreat forvesselsoffrtmfivetosixto**draughtofwater,run-S liUSt•"»to,aa.Be baa had aarerel eTarmaatteaa la the police ooort, pleada go»y, rafaaaa to employ togal enstotonoe, and ex oaerates aU others Dot hisneelf. Lytttowa, oae of the ss- tsetaateaehiera, it ia the felon's dock, aa aooaaad party;he geti coavlctod mat Int to be aeen. Ttff respectable pattemea af the Stock Exchange spade ao headway in finding any ana of their members implicated. They merely aad that aereral meabart haveNtohotos, at New York, and it would be certain to be aad willingly sees the subject ventilated. OertatolyBand.Who wants an American paper? The Londoa Astsn^aa,lian and New Zealand Gazette, aad a China Ma\% I have Invest his money now. Bat independently of thia, the no reason to doubt bat an American paper here can be continual preparation for wargoing on in Englani aad made to pay, provided it be well conducted It will toko France seems to prevent all parsons from having s a yndictous management to make any headway. That ex- abiding faith to the future. Mr. Oobden hi here working travagant moce of doing almost everything American, away with all his wonted enthusiasm. Ia his usual ophad debts due them bv Pulliager for "differences,'* and that aa haa paid them Taat'a all.if the management do not giro as something out of the only tasto the fruits or it for oae year, aad future wars treaty, aad says that let the people or the two oountrieslearned, but pro&ably the Royal Mall Company. W ay doLoietbe inissd States get up a steam Una to Brazil? You. under the circumstances It was impossible the ball couldIt to believed that Mary Tlrrell died from the effects or poison administered to her for the purpose of procuringas aad blood. The poor boy waa Doaasa tar nearly two hoars, towards midnight, aad h<JemnaVa|hleipsa^a>a*a\t*?SO^V%*Ha•^*aW•v*^>M•aiaBftaaenran,wflaAragTreatdealofnotesijrjVw^rriastrr aad Mito«b»l CZJ:.Z^rUe ^J5E*TM« «?.»hs8iBja» sawasoapt.g ? o r e ^ r t t t ^ ^ d J l t o b e " - t o " 1 berore Justice Humphrey!• * • m« • * .Notwithstanding the rare* of the exptostoa the shsoar the boilers w a s a o t materially injured, but the tastd* was considerably torn. The engine aad machinery all ss- osped damage. Ths rear portioa of the shod was ss- Bsortobed, but the loss wiU be comparatively sightTbe noise or the explosion was beard a great />****/ B w s s Baa the discharge of aoBaaen,aad the duttit oc- casioned hid everything from view for a few seconds »The poBeeoftltoTahMdlstrtotwsrs riris i l afew ni- antes attar the oocurrsaoe,«aad rendered every potnw BBS. -ln~ Dtckeaa' aovalt, and oaa of* thosebiota en Bngttsh school hft that makes one rajc reioteathatdo jjforehead, and other repulsive faatarea. But his tea* con-fidence is immease. and he speaks now with perfect aa-ruraaos. Hto wtfa'smaWeo same was Hannah Kimball HewasmarriedJan.It,18W,htowtthhetogsaghtaea yearsofage ShediedFeb.7,havingbeenosnOaedpre-tbe milliners have given up the effort foSweetotottteeeaaweekly, at announced to come oat thia wank, hot I have.the only effect at present has been to redans trade to a comparative stand still. Everybody is looking oat far "that good tana coming" when things are to be purchasedwith Spain—Protest-Convention cnUies Ahead-Inturgem ChiefsRefuses to Med-Diffi- Vhpu*ished~m0ikm*~where epidemics are unknown; Is last, I am warranted to add, one oT the healthiest countries on tte globe.K a parade for the purpose of taiagurattog The aavy a composed of tiufottowtosO a rP a r i sC'orrespoaadetace.PARIS, May S, 1800.O a r B e r l i n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e , BBRUN, MAT 2, I860.all who take an interest in this country, and will u k e thetrouble to inquire at the Department of State, or of theHOB. John S. Pendleton, formerly our Charge d'Aflairahere; Hon. Jndge Bowttn, or of his secretary, SamuelWard, Esq., or or any oypur navy officers who camewith the Paraguay Expedition, or of Capt. Page, BOwellknown in theee waters, wiU find my statement correct where the exercises were performed tosptie af the stor-bombs aad other mistiiee of destruction. ITyou doubt it, imprison me; sot when the hour of labor is over, and the men are gone to their homos, go and examine ia the direction Iindicate. M. Mpquarddid so, and the result was a discovery** so runs the story, of aot only a packet of bombs, bat a small barrel of gunpowder, bat large enough to have blown the sapper rooms and all its imperial revellers intomidair. Ofcoursethefactwaacommunicated"totheInformed on Dutch affairs, may take advantage of this de- sire to obtain her consent to his plans to reference to Luxembourg.Thsinvestigationtoregardtothe Weymouth poisoningcase has this week been characterised by ths most im paper of this republic, and bag to call your atteluoo to aa is a common flue boiler, fifteen foot to length, aad IsNEW*tTwtortrHERALD,In hand ef to saykh all a* « u amd•«MIDemayaeeu. ItteremarkedthatwhenevertheEmperorisssea drfrMA Yn9,weBSMtedISBO.-TRlMdlnisiYORK w»SATURDAY,jute read a paper on anew made of makmg paper from capital at half past oaa P. M , s i heretofore, now totstassssrs If it were aot tor these government steamers we would have to wttfl tag the sisw progress af sajttn* IS oome op from Baenos Ayres a ittotoaci ef only 1,000— a first class a.tide for any llttened to with great attenUoa, ima oa the high road to fortune. gettiag tae horse rail- id several eflha mostat seven to the morning, allowing time to forward Conttoeatol letters which snap hare arrived from " pool, Manchester s a l all parts of the kingdom, v instead of arrrivlDg mJParto on the following day reach the same evening at six P. M , In tinto not onwho had conspired to falsify the accounts, and were found I guilty Ott February 8 by the Crlninaf Ooart of Hal j Sersudt, which sentenoed them raspeoUvsry to ths psniboth to pofflaf aad detraction, will not go dawa hare, aad timism ho will hear of nothing that militates against theThe wool barvest for Sooth America is over. Four or five gentlemen from the United States who came here toIBS Aurora OUb. sf ]F. W. Robmson, coxswain, aad the omnibus,'six Joseph W. Coy, coxswain.TheIvanhoe,fouroars,ViceCommodoreDetoMalarThe lagle, nx oars, J. MoCWlock, coxawato. 'Emperor and Empress, aad at first it was thought that, public mind for the ••coming events that cast theirnotwithstandingtheenormousexpenseincurred,Itwould shadowebeforethem."Similartacticswereemployedtwo at Dublin to give the denizens of the Irish capital aaopportunity of seeing the first specimen of steamship ar-chitecture ever built for Irish foreign commerce. A geat'euaaa,whosestatementmaybe relied on,toldme that occupiedwithhertirewomanon theImportantsubjectof destined to undergo a repetition of this prooessv la a conversation wtth Mr. Mclver, of Liverpool—partner her own toilet fbla dress of the goddess Diana bothered or is the whole thing a mare's nest—a mere and leading man in the firm of Cunard & Co —hebe changed.When it waa first broken to the Empress she was bnilly question. Is the affair of Luxembourg and Llmborgstanding the high prices of building materials All houses out Mrs Cosugan has three children; two were at play, are built of brick, which cost from $40 to $50 the thou and the othsr, an infant about a year old, waa wtth her• Joat ttow making a vastmore nor less than aschool- «wa fata, msy strike a biow ia favor of God's vtoegereatThey are indignant at the want of patriotiam exhibited bythe Lower House in talking aboat the material lnterestoof the country, when the honor and independence of themonarchy are at stake, and expatiate most eloquently onthedutyincumbentuponeverycitizentoscrifloehisprirate feelingstothegeneral good; bat when they are calledupontoprovisotorpartorthe expensewhichwillbein been searched, but thevial "—«»«—ig the strychninekilling one of his pupils, a " bywhippinghimtostowed wNodaonTo show how strong the feellng Is to favor of the Pops amonglargemassesofthepopulace, Itisonlyne*sseery to state that the priesthood are every day receiving con- tributionsfromallquartersoTtheempirefor thesarvioa of the Pope There is, besides, an organized system iaoperation which makes aa appeal to every pious Catholic, and seldum without effect Tae government has become as- riooslyaaxfoasonthesubject. ItIsbata tow daysago that a well known banker la the Bee de la Pais,Mr.u o c , p t«*«ra,MGaJo.a, rapt corner. Joan Heme, wife aad eaiidj afTMfi'^ t *t, '' corner. «">»* Hero*,wire and eftUd;toaboettwwntygine aboat s i xshoot an engine, mors than what be ooald taara there. Hewasalsoemployedtodoing otherworkaboat tae premises. ^ _ V_M-#or a man could go downafiof aa inch, and tae bodycurred by the measure they se strenuously reccommend, they set up a desperate outcry, rave about spoliation, rob bery, communism, atheism and red republicanism, andE^airdttto^^ dentolto m^'iJ^&l^TM*tcannot be found. The hair brash and perfumery were, however, round in the bureau drawer, wtth other of Fran .re' thingsJ3*^! h M b * a a h»»eatod on a new warrant, charging%7~that a aster Can-toopeneloaa.He had no sooner token the than the Minlater of the In- declared thai if any to the enterprise, the go-•sirMrraata. ia_apabacisawitsssnaatafIkaV »«A..s*Ke..iai%J£Ju?£*b i n n ? t f f a n t t B B n l ^ ^CathalioChurA,• Jo«""aew B^^B»t!'L,!S»tttoltoBo",to this tragioal affair.isg about the capital la hia patotoa wtthomgnardaj or rally hushed up, especially when persons or rank are im-otter protecttoalhaa the twefraosttf who fit battled pboated, according to the maxim of Napoleon I -that it Is > grounds are ia glorious order, aad him, thnldttcovery and ineffective explosion of some osav best to wash one's dirty linen en famOle' Oa the whole,to opea for the season. ths KSW tare,and the ever peputa' Derbyfavorableor John Brown KmMo—i %SSSB* mwlsr/sfW OsBk Page's sap litis, a*., de.An oasis is net saere •sisosss Is the weary traveUe "•as has probably ooonrrad vary rensatry. Yantordayand today his Majesty was seen driving in all parts of his capital to a eeyawaatotttttttonj manner, hit servants be- ing only wtthhim.ire have just begun to eater upon,the new Pastofss regulations between France and England, b y which, fo- aa prectical purposes, to the transit between Londoacrtolnly, thers Is a higher tone of morality among lasPrussian officers af government thaa among their Ans-trian colleagues; hat, as aoccidento will happen In the bestregulated families, evea Prenssas employes are some- 4uoa your inset valuable papSt Is Is SB here. Once aThe Long amd Severe Winter in Pmrii—AwttXer PMAgainU A'apofeoa—Bom the Empress Received the Napoleon Proposes a New Commerdat Treaty viith Prus-fore, I hope to eosBsaanjanto wtth y e a a day later from Fnrto.Then seems to be an increasing tendency to the publi- cationofdebates,aadareportisindustriouslydraatotod that before 1S62 a far greater freedom Is to prevail la tats respect. Oa t h e commercial treaty i t hi oleardsnbt, ot opinion that thsy would aot be likely to make anything by the motion.Onr Rueaet Ayres Correspondence. Bensos Arias, March 28,1890.Rio de Janeiro, touching oomswtter. u» th* West Indies,from thence to Buenos Ayres, connecting there with.*m »ssasJtor teats to Asuncion del Paraguay. a a d Cuyaba, to theprovinceofMattoGrosao,thetoadofdiamonds,gold oosanjanw,u.«uoethestatementthaiboIfetm—lhe Quarrel ef tfapolem with the Pope—the sia—Bow Bis Ooertttrts are Received by the Prumia*. There are some people who have a particular knack in bringing themselves into trouble everywhere, and with everybody, and accordingly make themselves aad a'l around them mteerable; and if they find ndbody handy to quarrel wtth, they herald their falsehoods and sprl their Ire all over the world, through respectable newspa- pers—the BszuLD.for instance—which, being at a gnat distance, cannot know if ail to true that la written to them. For instance, your Baenos Ayreen ooirespondeBce or Oc- tober 22,1869, and published to the Hasuinof December 9,1869, States that" an English subject," who, by-the by, Is a native ot Montevideo, but claiming English protec- tion, aad who had been arrested with some tea or twelve natives for consoiring against the government,« had died In a loathsome prison.'' Now such to not theee*'. The person alluded to—a Mr. Csnstadt—was found guilty by tills government of the charges brought against htm, but pardoned hv the executive, his Excellency President Lo-my took of the weather a large number of ladies aad raa- tlemea assembled to Bltsorn the parade, aad ear reporter, who was as comfortable at to iosmble to a saal boat la rough weather, resolved himself, with the ktol asstatanco of Mr J. Van Kirk, into a sort of Hudson rrrsr express, periormlng the agreeable duly of sorrytog bouquets from the todies on shore to the •»"»-* seasan who pulled away to the boats. The UaBed States era peller Gov. Floyd, with Commodore Brolnaky, Van 0»a- modore Mitchell, ana Messrs. Weils aad tatnony, af thsPhiladelphia navy, aad a select company of ladies aad Philadelphia aavy, aad a select cesapany ofgentlemen oa board, attended the fleet, aad tseksd, turnedend veered to the manner eastern*-y to prosellers upon such occasions, never by any possibility ootaiag n sight of ths boats, except whea ths were (yaw open their oarsThe usual exercises, including the landing aad barkattoa, having bean performed, the boats started tor a row op the rrrer, bat the rata ooming on they retaraef st about six e'elocc to the city. The appearance at the fleet, whether from the river, with the grata shores aa a frame to the piotare, or from tas shore, wtth the glanemg waves and the doll haze shstttai in sad softsateg ths vtow, Was eery fine sad oonaissssi universal admiration. Many or the crews were slssatt perfect to the drill, and were greeted wtth applause. Altogether, with the rough wind 'an 1 Ode, the para la was a decided success, sad gives promise of a bright fatart for the navy.iMuch dissatisfaction, however, extols in various quarters on account of the appointment of the Commodore from a newly-organized club, and not from the Ataiaata, the oid- est club to the city, claiming, therefore, precedence sf the others to the appointment of ae important aa effloar. The Atalacta to certainly a fine club, and has dene mask for boating in this city, dating its existence from 1848, aad always preserving its position in the van. This caase sfBwmim Church en trance—New Postal Arrangement Between France amdEngland-The CMdes Treaty, 4c We are all delighted to find ourselves at length in viewOoi'trrment-DUtruttinth- Policy of the French Mm Caused by the Death of Baron Brack, dV;., 4c,unfortunately they draw too much water. It Is strange thgt neither England nor the United States has yet sent to these waters'one steamer adapted to the nature of the waters. They all draw too touch water. Evea the steam- er for the United States exploring expedition is one grand failure for auch purposesA steamer such as Is used oa the upper Mtottss ppi would be a great favor oat here, and It would be plenty strong for the river trade.of something like spring. Such a prolonged winter is hew mistaken people are In attributing to him ambitious scarcely oa record lis severity has not been excessive,bat for aabroken continuance few of its antecedents oaa views and plans or aggression against bis neighbors, Lootswttl be rellahed in America la aot for me to any, bat it laa meat elaborate argument la defence of monarchical la-etitaUoaa, baaed oa the bad working of your republicangovernment. It reada more like a Quarterly Renew art! compare wtth It. Now, though the wind still aeems treaty of commerce with them on the same basis as that c le thaa like aa extemporaneooa speech in the House ofNapoleon bas proposed to this government to negotiate a sunshiny days and oooaatonel showers, aad Parts which has just been so happily concluded with England.reluctant to quit Its eastern source, we have bright-Common*. He quoted De ToucquevUle, Horace Greeley, the Hew York lima, and various other philosophers, old t a a M * , tad hia remarka aad piquaut extracu elicitedaumerout- hear, heara," "laugkter," and at the cloae••load aad prolonged cheering. ' Whea Mr. Gregory Saidth«i the BriUth Reform bill waa exciting a great aad pain-ful latereat In America, and waa being read in everytiouaa there, ha moat have bean drawing oa hit im tglne-itoa. Judging from what I see la my American papers, daaaang whiteneia which the midsummer son imparts to to which French wines are subject in Prussia. Neverthe-At present the duties levied on Prussian manufactures ia prwttoafcr which presents her to the world the France are so heavy aa to amount to a prohibition, andgrrea daily promise of completing that toilette eumost ravimnle capital la the universe. It is la the •oaths af May aad Jane that the foreigner, desirous or examining her tpecialitis, should visit her . All her fair proportions are then presented to his eye, shorn of thatthere can b e n o doubt, therefore, that it would b e a great boon to the trade or this country if they were replaced by a moderateduty, ad valorem, which, or course, would have to be attended with a corresponding reduction of the taxThe Confederation has just completed a treaty withSpain, in which, among other tilings, it is provided thatsons of subjects of Spain shall be permitted to choosethe citizenship which they shall prefer at their majority.This Is contrary to the ces^e of Buenos Ayres, and she has pez, aad left here on the 17th of January to the Pa protested against the treaty. Ths basis cf the protest raguayan steamer Jessni, for his homo to Monte- •gainst ths treaty is, that as Bassos Ayres to not a part ofthem, and which renders anything like a comfortable sur-vey a sheer Impossibility Bat to May aad Jans thisI am sure every respectable American in South Amertsa the Confederation or any ether. A protest has been sent felt for Mr. Jauncey not being able to bring to a profitable both to Parana and to Spain. , end bto well Intended mediation That honor was re- Five times have the members of the Constitutional COB* served for General Lopes, son of President Lopez, and "aMr. OslrSsn la tttii m Prance, trying to asttle the detailsof the hue treaty, and tae French atupownaraareoiamoving loudly for their excloeive privileges. Theee pro- the lesser stars. Its palatial edifloes—its magnifloent reserve may be owing to certain rumors ofQueea of Night, she rises, and pales with her silver lightto deserve. Kmeo Danaot et dona ferentes. Perhaps this a project entertained by bis French Majesty forrectifying the frontiers of his empire in the north, which, If carried Into efiect, would occasion still greater clamor hero than the analagous operation just completed la theBams Break waa retail/ involved, are excitmg more aad will well repay the traveller, however distant the point south. There Is a strip of territory In Belgium, enclosed more attention in that country, aad, ia tact, ail over Eu- of hadepaiture. Pity it Is that where the aurfaoe U s erope. New arreata are being made about every day. It fair sad placid, as soothing to the senses, to the at- between the rivers Sambre and Meuse, of no particular la Mated by one eorreepondeat that £5,0C0 in Lornbardo-nowhere are life and property at secure as here. Para-guay to the only South American republic which achievedher independence without bloodshed. Nor was Ihere anyreaction. The Iron rule of the Dictator, Itoetor Fraacie, crews, the regular club saea, with two exceptions, re- kept down ail turbulent spirits, and saved bis countryThere seems to be an doubt a ample* was ia existence boring kingdom. The Belgian government Is said to betoeing to toko part to the parade under Commodore fat- finished now,toallappearances,bythesuccessful media- pleasantryadjusted,aad oldAtaiaataoneemoretakeherfortheEmperor'sdestructionoathenightoftheballgivennotwhollyaverse to such anarrangement, LouisNapo-in the boose of Madame de MentUo. It Is by ao meansleon proposing to Indemnify them by the Dutch part or at which funds and muni tlona of war were talked of and easy to get at the truth in matters of thia kind, ao great Is Luxembourg, which would be more than equivalent fortion oT young Lopez.Since the beginning of the^actaal government a new A match te talked of between the Eagle, of Hebekea,To give a proof of his friendly disposition, and to ShowPeople are too. at the publicitygivenbytheAireditotedtended nroprtotors and hast root growers at usmsrslsbsa, tosaUafied by MM NSW Yonx Hnnau), brought by the qutotlyBaskingtheirwayboreiaEnglandinvnrioaicall and Parts, twentyfour hoars wttl be saved, the intheprovlnceof HalborsUdt,bybriblagtheroyalexcise •agsBnBBStattrassftoiilhassplna te Beanos Ayres, aadare graiually andlags aad pursuits Dr. Robert Coilyer, of Rentacar, has second or day mail from London, instead of leaving thatofficers, who and to reeeiro the duty. The chief ac- , from there to this little capital, thanks to ths Paragaayan cused,Baron Kotos, sad tae bead revenue officer, Fissher,ton Wary lor two aad fbar fears, have appealed since to the Superior Tribunal at Berlin, which, however, has . _ _ _ of London and Lirer- distribution throughout Paris, but atao in time for—__ I confirmed the judgment atonounoed against them. An- ough practicability of his scheme, maanon that evening to all parts of the Continent. On the other owner of a large best root auger raotery in the sasseso dependeBoe to to be placed la then, betar irregu- larandslow,besidesonlystartingrroa greeide|>otrorBrasUianrJOliUo«iatrigues,and are gomg to have the railwaya totrodnesd at oaoe. Abillwillpa*tbTbad aystem of RatfJhJWtels'«no medlom between a (real and"cheap aad nasty '* sty is of knobs, asm mYork Hotel,' la Leteeeter street, LetoetwldtalaUs d'nsw aad a moderate steedtag to a goodly aomber of Amartaana, •^••••., rreauBand otnnr classes. As a place where Americans can pot upaadmeetagoodmanygoodfellows,learnalltheinsws, aad have ootnfortable accommodations at a reasonable rate, the "New York" ia getting a good reputatioa. Iprovince, by the name of Words, who was to he tried as anaccompliceIntheoffence,haslatelycommittedsuittoe to prison, whereby, I presume, tae proceedings to this disagreeable bostoess via he brought to a close. Thers were a number of Inferior reactionaries Implicated, whs had to undergo shorter terms of imprisonment, and whsvotod: whether they will be forthcoming or not remains the precaution taken to keep things aa quiet as possible.to be seen. It teems to me so be a forlorn hop*. • Given It ie, however, a fact well known here that attentats on the districts they would have to give op to France,and gone opthe Vermejo to Oran, a distance of three hundred fitting rank among the independent nations oTthe world. during the coming summer.(he long iiaeaof Hapebarga and the Neapolitan Bonrbons, the Emperor a life are perpetually occurring In some form the inhabitants of which, being worthy Catholics, are miles from its mouth. The other boat, the Argentina, bad Thia country haa steadily gone ahead, alow, but sore, ac- Doriag the summer the clubs will drill by squadroaithe Rothschilds' Jsawtsaaey, ia the farm of despotic mo- narchy throughout Europe, aad wtth theta vast ataadieg armies, the power of indefinite taxation, and tae posses tlou of all other power, and against them limply strug guag people,' with certain taahenable rights," and these people wnhoot union or concert, the moat of them both ignorant aad poor, aad with all this, the consciousnessiaal«bouki they be successful, the great powers ofEuros* weald cam bine as they did in the "Holy in in—i j . without the discovery of some design on the AUisaoo" of 1815, and restore both Hapebarga, Boar- part of the workmen to give it a tragic result. This time bens, aad what not, and aead the poor wretcbea to gal- a notion prevails that it was a speotos of Popish plot that lows, jails, aad exile. If a just God rales, then there was discovered to be en train.mast be a puastnment somewhere tor so aa of toe greatand powerfulLate aewa from Australia represents business as varydull at Meibourae, bat better hi South Australia aad New South Wane. New and rich gold discoveries had bean made near Victoria, and not tar from Sydney, and de- tcrlbed as very productive ia lota of dust aad ponderous nuggets The volunteer movement was going forward Buoceasfaliy la Australia. Hereahttle damper has been oast on the genteel recreatioa of volunteering, the Queen giving an order, of course at the suggestion of the very reapeetable noodle, her ooaain, the oommender ia chief, thatla'preeeahtttons"the"rank"ot voiuateeVoffljers'Ms not recognized." From taat it would seem that a major general will peas tor ao mora thaa a lieutenant, aad each of them for Just nothing at all, beside of one of the ••regular arsty.'' A meeting and a remonstrance haa been got upatLiverpool, bat theirprotest willnot amount to muchTheItkutraUdLondonNewtofthtaweekwillgoto you with a large view of the launch of the Con be bettor either to pot off the ball, or, at all events, in the case of Savoy. At first only casual hints ware naught,aadagoodportraitofMr.JohnOrel change,aslawyerssay,'thevenue,andhareitsomesrhare droppedtothenon-offlaelpapers,whichwerehardly Lever, MP., as a companion cut In aboat a fortnight else. Madame Taasher de la Pagerie was anxious that noticed at the time, and partly disavowed by the govern-theOoaaaughttakeshertrialtripfromtheTyneroundto herhouseshouldbemadeoneof,butatlastboldercoira- Ireland through the Straits ef Dover, calling for a day or sela prevailed, and it was determined that nothing shoal 1or other, notice of which never asanas before the public. exceedingly dissatisfied with the rale of Protestant Hol- been at this city for repairs, aad returning, met orders at Indeed, those bruited about are more generally Actions i Humalta, Paraguay, to proceed at once up nearly to the set afloat for a purpose. Bat. covered as France Is, land, and would greatly prefer that or Belgium, The Dutch village of Oran. The boat draws six feet, so that ascend-cording to circumstances Seoor D. Carlos Antonio Lopes fortnightly, aad public exhibitions will be given.found nothing to act upon whea be took the 1'residentialchair, only eighteen years ago—neither means nor men.He had to create both. Relations wtth foreign powers Another Steam Baller Explosion lathroughout its length and breadth, with secret societies, whoso passwords often defy all the vigilance of the most Rons to las world, It is well known that oa ao does a spectacle, at/He, or any public ceremonymight naturally be sspsntoa to protest most energeticallying in summer to a good oerufioato of the depth of the river for ordinary navigation. To send s o heavy a draught boat to explore unknown rivers may be wise, for where she cannot go others seed aot try, aad if she gets hope-whatever, oome off, where much previous preparation iaagainst a transaction by which they would be severelosers; but it is whispered that they are to be reooncillated by the prospect or a suitable compensation, and taat lessly aground, other craft caa easily relieve hey. The sooth ot "Bto," foundries, h e , aad the best disciplinedAn Italian In hot haste presents himself the day beforethe ball is to take piace, at the Tuileries. He moat seethe Emperor Of course that was aot possible. S>meconfidential person, thee? Could not he develops the na made over to Belgium, so that the duchy Is now split Into tore of his bostoassr No; he must positively see the Em three parts. One third or the inhabitants are Dutch, an- peror or one of his Mtetotors: his Majesty's life dependedupon it At last he was token to M. Maqoard. At theneighbora and dubious friends. Paraguay, Uke the rest of oT John F. Pearson k Bro., situated to Warren sweet,South American republics, has been the theatre whereEuropean diplomats make their debut, who, for the Bake near Bond street, exploded aboat two o'clock yesterdayhouse of Madame Montijo, secreted in the north corner orthe new banqueting room, preparing for the sapper, are her sway, and Louis Napoleon, who Is remarkably wellthis compensation la to be granted them at the expense or Prussia. There is a duchy of Ltmbarg, which, or the treaty of Vienna, whose provinces were parcelled oat among the various sovereigns without any regard to the wishes of the population and their historical associations, are divided between Holland aad Prussia. Ia conse- quence of the revolution of 1830, some portions of It woreexpedition will probably return or extend Its work as It may be ordered by the next administration at Wsahlns- toa.The probabilities are that Gen. Don Bartolomew Mitrewill be elected Governor to Buenos Ayres. He was com-and the beat equipped army, are his work—at the sametime working against fenrfel odds of Jealousand tarbotontother Belgians, and the balance Prussians The character and manners of the people, however, are decidedly Dutch. Holland has always wished to unite then under• sfB^dtoameofisaea take aa much pride la U oes to his rifle, or a setregiment ta h i s dritt. Wearegtodthatsohealthfulsadmerely srajnatsmtoWiw ta* purpose of i aquatic wish a great deal of spirtuud **•<* LastwteathePblladelphiaaaopenedtheLotses-Merchant Steanert-The Klmd Needed-treaty ning through a climate of eternal spring aad summer. aad, oa Thursday, the Hudson Nary, recentlyradmg the hosti named baton.not yet Been It There bemg a Canadian Neu*, an Austra- at a third of the price, and therefore no one is inclined te Their Gkmrmcter-Untte* States OmUrwtg KxpedUion- verned of all South American republics, offers maay ad- The Niaatto Club, of Brookiyn-Ths Kiaattc six ear.which are very much wanted hers; hat it that the right class of people wanted hers are alow to ooming, which I have no doubt is owtog to reports do- rogatorytothisooontry aadItsgovernment, spreadsy The egg of the Reform bill aeems likely to hatch, aad cariosity in Its way. It Is owned by a Jew, and, there- general amnesty has been declared, has token all people which prompts man in all toads has urged wool merchants persoBB ill disposed, having been foiled to humbuggingBiaaaJrawt fansjtof order, they will not succeed. I will be simply an impossibility.know aot who the parties are that have projected It. The news from Spain that the Comte de Montemolin has Talking of newspapers, the London Tateprapa Is a resignedallpretensionstotheSpanishthrone,andthatapurchase bare gone home.The spirit ef speeolatiaaV it daea aot bring forth a respectable rooater that will fore, we may appreciate Its " patronage" whea it speaks by surprise. The general opinion Is that Queen Isabella to pay enormous prices. The producer to South America theee simple people here, who are well guarded'by a wise Ths Wswsrtoy,stK asm, J. B. Utofafietd, osaawen.crow lueUj, it will be a chick that ia enabled to pipe a email tuna. Mr. Gladetoae made a good epeech ia its favor, and otbera made apaeehea aoanHagly aa goad ntpi^et it. Mr. Walter, one of the membara for Berk- •hire, aad principal proprietor of the Timet, made aepeech agaiaat the bill that certainly abowed marked ability. In tola effort Mr. Walter took a poattton that aut- prteed maay, aa hia former pat'tomnntary career haa beea a very quiet one.Mr. Gregory la one of the membera for the county of (J*!*** a young man, aad one who can ahlne even among the aamea of Welpoie, Peel, aad othera whose B»iiv— are memorable from former associations, or from position of their prceaat owneis. Whether hia apeeohIs "well oat of it" obtains about the same pr.ee for wool and hides that the aad strong government, represented to the person sf lis Ths boats are well built, beautifully psnttsd, aad try governed on Christian principles." Very patronising, The Kmperor is aboat to set oat for Nice almost imme- merchant does in New York, leaving freight, exchange, President, Carlos Antonio Lopez, the best heaasouth of the luxuriously fitted up, and the unlformt or tas essesthat" diately. The Paris season, as regards Its estreat, balls,After a long sad odd winter wa have beautiful aad &o., may be now considered to be terminated. It has, an insurance, ao., to be charged to profit and loss on thela a leader to day aad hopes It shall " long see this ooua-spring like weather at last, and everyboody seems to be eat ot dears, enjoying it.the whole, not answered expectations, and the general books of the exporter. Gorman merchants hare chiefly state ot commerce haa throughout seen comparatively been the instruments of raising prices here. Next year most tell a differed story or vast losses will be posted op. The steamers toade packets or, but still owned by this government, have filled nil these rivers with means of intercommunication. The Confederation bas two splen- did steamers in the merchant service, though still owned and at call for naval service. I saw them yesterday. peror—A Rupture with Prance Predicted—fht Stnsitwrt They cancarry four heavy gum sack, aadareswift, butThe sty oa Thursday presented that cloudy murky aa-the Confederation, she to not represented in this treaty, video. People at a distance, reading this and similarportentdiscoveriesyetmads,whichseemfairtoexplain articleheaded"LaPreasaAmericana" Youwillseehow As yet no tangible foundation can be assigned to these the mystery which has hung around the death of three purely American those sentiments are. Therefore Para-reports; they are mere hypothetical combinations, ex- pressive or the profound distrust to which the policy or the French Emperor has given rise; or they may be feelersthrownoutbyNapoleonhimself,topreparetheyoung women, and to fix the dreadful crime upon their murderer.guay ought to be treated by ber big brother with friend- snip and respect.mentorgans. Bydegreestherumorsacquiredgreater consistency, the tone of the inspired journals changed, the subject began to be seriously discussed, and from a newspaper controversy it speedily became a diplomaticher exceedingly. She had set her heart upon it—nothing feint—got up to amuse the profane vu;gar aadelse would do; bat how the exposure of the lower part or to put them on a false scent while some unexpeoted strokeher person oould be reconciled at once with her imperial is preparing to quite a oiffsrcnt quarter/ No oae can toll The reisicn of this jury was private, as were those of the dignity and with the faithful observance of classic autoo but the man who, aa M. Roishenspeger says, "watches previous one, but we are permitted to give the substance rity was the difficulty. It was while thus oacupled, her over the pulsations or Europe." There are some, how- oT the medical testimony.mind all fixed on the solution of the difficult problem, ever, who believe that Just at present It Is not the Wast On opening the coffin the body was found to a fair statemaker would do well here. A new theatre, on a large round by the resistance presented by the chimney, sad,the lot. The aide and front were completely knocked oat, leaving the rear and the opposite end walla standing Mm. Coetgan says she got dowa stairata some meaner, bat seat tell bow—everything waa falsing aboat her, and she was(Mclver) waa at red what he thought of the boata buildlag for the Galway service, aad he replied that oae oftheir firm bad been to ass them, and he most say thatthey (Cunard &Co.) had ao boata now running to equalthem, but that they haa some bonding that were qiite asgood. Now a days those engaging in steam commerce she was roused by the Intelligence above mentioned. but the East, that chiefly occupies his attention. That con- or preservation, with the exception of the face and hands. startled the whole town, and I dare say will be felt strong-must aot sleep, for if they do their neighbors will not. The trade to Sooth America" lataty is looking op amesmgty. The freight oat of the Portugal steamer on her last voyagattooted op over £9,000. The Pernambuco and Bahia railways are requiring such a large amount ofmen, iron, raus and 'plant" that the existing means of traffic are quite inadequate to the freight and passenger rviuiresaenla I understand, now the Anglo-Laso-Bra- aihaa Una-that the Portugal and Milford Haven belong to-is gemag mto a paying basiaeas, a large offer has been made to buy them off. with all their mail and com naeretol emtraets. Who the offer ia from I have aotFor toy part although this Oriental question li a staniiagrYestdent* W * "*** • * * • * •** * t o c t m - * This, however, was Itself a bomb quite as bad as any dish In European politics, I do not much think It will Be an abortion, or under the guise of medicine for that pur- more likely. The Spaniard implicated la that affair is a she been one root either way she must have been crashed.la-orasaniattoa?'' Strange things willIs to the Commons. The noble members of thesad at another time sixty grains of strychnine. He spoke tended starting from Oorrientes oa the 10th or 11th instant for the waters or the Upper Parana river. He, as weUfrom baa party deprived the other of Ufa, »thecasewillsesameHtoocriminalooortsMajesty waa never to greater danger than now. Say what onewill,thisqiarrelwiththePopeIsproducinga great effect on the public mind, but it is quite on the'earda that even tboagh anything tike an organised conspiracy may fail to tae ground, some fanatic hand, regardless of itsnumerical strength of the standing army, which will requireaoorreepondiegadditiontothenumberofofficers,whoartdrawn almost exclusively from the privileged classes. Ho was placed among a large number of prisoners batA r r i v a l s a n d D e p a r t a r e s , AJUUVALS.come off.falktogefAmericanaffairs,asmallpaperinIreland-ofthosegunpowdermisstlesherMajestyhadbeeadilat-broughtonthetapisagainjoatyet.Alltogoodtimeispose.IttosaidthatthewomanwholaidoatthebodyoryoungmanofgoodreputatioaandexcellentcreditatItseemshardlypossiblethateitherofthewomenoouM she Uaiway i*r»» grrea tta raadata, ia its Looi3n cor- the Emperor's motto. One great secret of his success is the deceased had suspicions of a similar nature, and a Baenos Ayres. A S a proof, be bad Imported during the nave escaped witheut any personal injanes whatever.respondence, a piece of rare information—eometaiua' not ing oa. Even the faintest heart took courage to protest that he never tries to do two things at once, and before herumor to very current that the family physician suspected past year more than $250,000 worth of goods, all bought Furniture, bedding, kitchen menstli and everything etas that cause of her death at the time, but our reporter on credit st Buenos Ayres, mostly from EogOsh honsss, •to the hoese were smashed ta pieces sad scattered al could not trace it to an authentic source and haa yet unsold nearly halt of them Nobody can un around—the whole presenting a shapeless mass of rotas.against the idea of aacriiicing so many artiatlo disguises, can take the Bosphorus to hand he has some little mattersover which so much skill and expense had been lavished; to settle on the Lake of Geneva, which may find their logi-found in Burke, Dodd or Debrett. Tbtt wise nntieman informs the world that "aid Lynlhurst" is "son of CaL topy, the Irish painter, of limerick," and "clanged his name to Oopiey, as more taking among the Cockneys. ' Everybody had believed that ha, or hit father, or both, arete Boatan aoya-a veritable Yankee family. 'The Bayers and Heanan affair seems to be growing moreqaiet. Sayera flada hhnsilf quite a hero at Liver- pool and other places: but some others are getting a mora unenvtabie oeiebrtty. The American Minister, ia his lateraooaaaasadattana tor prsaantottoa to the Chart or bar Ma-jesty Victoria, sent, or took down to Windsor, s coupleof the "rents" who are here in the train of to which even the god-Ulike minds of empre.sses we »mla be willing to ntnke any sacrifices to secure an efflcieat streets, when Mr. Alfred W. Cobarn, the clerk, recognized No doubt you know that the question with England and tots beyond and falling into the yard of a house occt- the Benicia Boy, aad they were received and honored bythe asmtosof royalty; whea, lo someone finis out thatoae of the ladrvtduaia has been ooavioted of felony, aadthat both are si »pry the aasoctatosof prize firfaters andthen It ttgravary and maskry asked whv the Soy has notil^£L^ ^t^^£^^ mbat as to ^<**0»wnjeotlo»» tontty.. . .maid servaat, Mr. aad Mrs. Hlil, aad Mrs. a. mil aai child,He Is in personal sppssraaos not very prepossessingbat dresses well, a a d h a s very marked characteriatica.ssrsseusrEsssrr•#,ygHebasdarkhairaaddarkeves, oneofthemturninj satso as render him easy of identiaCatioa. He alsohas alowssaiusssmvsvsasvsssO. fhKUtor , star L Mettahoa; KeearsC. norton t. Wena-'wall J^mter-MeKtaaon. -IteUsnaona Munbeed, Dr.rc«o, Mrs Alneler and emld FrmDeots de Are and frtsod;Bcasra J Warren. W Saaaa. —Fval, — Wydte O Batler. 1.I aderwood Mrs. Reyev Ja*. ttatr, - Oaiarou, Mrs Poole. «5orfty,saysth«Sprtagfleld (Mas.) M^utUom, that Mesare. T. Clark. Cant Keller. U. Moore. C. Hall, 3. Whippleupon the national resources, which they are e f n 1 winof the case, andthe fact that taeoeoesattyor sr.--w.-i ofreform*universallyrecognised,theymight beinducedtogivewayirthenobiUtywouldooito bear at toast a portioa of the burthens te which whole oaUon have to be subverted. Tata, howaver,pears to be out otothe question, 0»s fovs^toeni btA for IT.ba*ria,eiwH.jJeke,w!fa tod Infant ^waaaypaw,Seattle bonnets, and that the manofactares of New York < andConnecticuthaveentirelydiaeontinnedtheiriThis little republic, ths best populated aad beat go-Dtep Draught Boat—When theyareto Return-Oeneral vantages to mechanics, merchants and speculators. coxawato C. B\ John, aad las Ltada, toar oart w% Tobacco, cotton aad sugar, ths Staples of thisMitre to be Governor—RnuU of (he Strife—Independence country, offer a large field for speculation, as thsy Ths Atolaata Club, of Nsw York—The Tolasoe foarof Buenos Ayres, dcyet a great deal of improvement, easily oars, C E. TalfeU, ~ * — the Atatoala, eight oars, by intelligent aad atdnstrioas, eatorprlstof aad Oar Jessie, four oars.equator. I am convinced that all our couutrymen whohave ever visited these oountries, with the exception ofonly two or three Individ isls, were highly pleased withall they saw and heard. I have not the least doabt that pearance which hunters, fishermen, pugilists aad seat-men, sad ant tow persons asm, usually ilstars, the wad aaade the broad Hudsoa rather too rough, however, lav flnahed evolutons, and set the boats strongly a afters. After the dstots usual apoa such occasions, the sat* started from ths foot of Christopher street, crossed tot river, aad prooeded to a oove near the Ryssaa Fattta,The elections or the 26th toss, passed off quietly, andnine Senators aad twenty four representatives were from those terrible intestine wars the lower provtooes hill. It is to be hoped that these grievances, which stead elected, who will still sustain the government All jus- were distracted with for forty long years, aad only to the way of the advancement of the aary, may be tioesofthepeaceandother officers whooldnot sustainthe government nominees were promptly removed.place to theranka.their work. Capt Page, to the small boat Alpha, haa era has opened for this count?)*; which has assumed ltabe- and the Atlantic, of Brooklyn, and will probably be saadeThe United States Exploring Expedition are still aorsmgwere first opened b y him ; foreign commerce and trade, which were prostrated under Francia, were protected aad encouraged; railroads, steamboats, arsenals, ths bastBroohJya.A TBMBMXKT HODSB DKMOLISHKD, AMD MltACIXSfTSB6CAFB OF THE IMIATBS—BaTKBAX, FBBSONg IH- JTJBBD.The steam boiler to the Enterprise Kindling Wood Mfiamander-to chief opposed to Urqotea to the late war. It of trying their strength to diplomacy, and making afternoon: and carried dertrustion all around, and at*can hardly bo otherwise than that such a selection would themselves a name, which thsy come ia search though several persons were injured! bat oae, a anas,perpetuate the separation, if not utterly perfect i t Independence to privately talked of for Buenos Ayres.Should she declare it, she would be sustained by Brazil.The Waaaaowtas Poisoning Case* [From the Boston Traveller, May 16.]of when they oome out hers, never leavethose countries without having done some mischief, eitherembroiling theee oountries with their respective govern- The building to of wood, a mors shod, occstpying nearlySiatMibr sowing ths ssed of discord for the future a full lot, 26 feet front hy 100 feet deep, Ths pre unt Watowskl, Lord Ponsonby, Gore Ooseley, and maay pared kindling wood was piled to ths front part, sad others, are so many examples of my statementI enclose yonsome late ahatsasarste, the official news the boiler was located at the rear end. inside the shed. Itnearlynew,havingbeea manufactured for the firm ta October, I860, by Anderson & Mclnnronoe, of Now York The engine ta rated at six horse power.Yesterday morning it was decided to disinter the bodyoTMaryIirrell,whodiedontheIddayofJanuary,aadto Investigate before a Coroner's jury the cause of her neve, the cucumber season. The old crop of tobacco, pelled through the side towards Bond street, struts s death. Ataboutoneo'clocktheburyinggroundwhere hides,ho,hasbeensold,andweareexpectingthenew twostoryframehouseontheroarofthenexttot,and ths bodies of the two sisters were interred was visited, to come in, which win be a very short one, owing to a demolished It almost completely. The bailltog is swsad sadthebodyofMarywasexhumedbyMr.SamuelOar varyhotaaddrysummerjustpassed.Thefall,which bvJamesMcFarland,whooccupiedthelowerfloor.The Us. The spot where the two sisters "slept side by side" begins the 21st of this month, and winter, are the finest second story was occupied by Mr. William Cosbgan. wasinalittleruralcemeterybytheroadside,nearthe seasonsoftheyeartotheselatitudes M\-S McFarlandwasstandingatthetableintheback house or their parents. It to located oa a small bill, and A great many new buildings are going up, notwith- parte! the front room; her two children had just gone the graves of theee two were hid by it from the road.The body was taken to a small building between thecemetery andMr.Tirrell'shouse, andthere ai autopsywas performed.At a little past two o'clock the jury reatsembled, and the phyairlacs and Mr. Curtis gave ta their testimony.made here, and badly made at that A practical brisk- through one end, ana, entering the building, waa turnedOn opening the abdomen, the stomach and intestines were preserved sufficiently te admit of as easy examina- tion. They clearly indicated the presence of some in flemmatory disease, such s s would be produced b y poison. Ths cerous covering of the bladder, intestineser yet at Buenos Ayres. A few days ago there was arumor afloat of false $3 notes being to circulation; the completely bewildered. Her Intent waa thrown out late paper money of this country & government treasury ths yard and buried beneath the fal'ing rubbtoh. wnsre bills, and the three dollar notes the largest denomtoatton. it was soon after found by its cries, sad dog oak Ths Several largo amounts of money, all paid In three dollar full weight of the falling mass did aot come upon it, or t bills, by a Spanish merchant, called the attention first to must have been instantly crushed to death. It was pro-It so happened that at Madame Teacher de la Pagerie a, fidential communications relative to the state or the Eastwhose apartments are, la tost, in the palace, a party was in general, and or the Ottoman empire in particular, hareassembled, who wore busily employed in practising the been, aad are still going on between France and Austria,quadrilles which on the subsequent evening were to4pro and between France and Russia, is perfestly well known,duos so great a sensation; and great, indeed, was their and curiously enough it Is stated that the negotiation*dismay when suddenly her Majesty tare *• herself Into with the Court of Vienna have taken a turn more setts and spletn contained a crystalline deposit resemblingthe midst of them to annoonoe her tale of bombs and factory to Louis Napoleon than those wtth S t Paters sand, and of a coarse reddish appearance. Ths uterus, this person, and the govern ment, no doabt being aware tected by some cross beams and lathing, which prevsstai gunpowder barrel. Some almost fainted at the burg. Russia, I hear, Is opposed to all half measures. though enlarged and containing a reddish membrane,bare recite], and the fair Empress, who Is She wants Constantinople or nothing; and as Napoleon,contained nofcetog; but intheright ovarium wasa soUid yellow substance, which Is asualiy considered endanos of Impregnation The viscera has been sent to Dr. A. H. Hayes, of this city, State Aaaayer, for analysis.This inquest was adjourned unwl Saurday next.or the existence of false paper, kept quiet till they had the bricks and rubbish from striking it Ths child sui some due,which nearly amounted to positive proof; the talced severe injuries notwithstanding. Surgeon Ballad-never so happy as when giving fall license to what St. Paul calls that "little member," ran oa to her heart's content aboat the contemplated slaughter of the innocents, finally winding up by the announcement thatfaithful to the traditions oT his unite, refuses to gratify her withes in this respect, she prefers leaving Turkey as it is. and to bide her time, which she flatters herself will arrive ere long.Spanish merchant was arrested, with his bookkeeper also a Spaniard; and after a fow days imprisonment tas merchant confessed to having imported into this country false paper money, whlsh he smuggled through the Cus- tom House in a trunk with a false bottom. He confessed to the amount or $20,000; others say $150,000, which taministered to its relief immediately alterward. He fosad ito fane aad body badly braised, but the harts will set necessarily prove ratal. In Mrs McFailaud a aparteaeat the bricks and-timbers filled up the entire room, wtth the exceptiop of a small space where she was standing Hadbetter be blown up at once than not pat them on. M cal devslopement on the banks of the Rhine. The Prus We have now to record the particulars of new devel- derstand s s yet the reason which could induce a man of The value or tbe building was aboat $600, aad tas furni-Moaunrd was seat for aad referred to, aid the result wasthat efforts should be made to preserve matters ss theywere before the plot had been hoard of. But the Empress$0?ttmnZ'*?"**>** *«»**•«•. wss to provs alittle more than two inches above her Majesty's ankle waselan government is decidedly of the opinion, In n e t , netonly the government and the legislature, but the whole died on the evening of the Bofof May, which seems to offence here. I believe, and therefore little sym Some damage was also occasioned on ths east side ofvisible.tore with France l i unavoidable, and many regret that the occupation [of .Savoy was not made a casus belli, as thaa Prussia would have been sore of at least the alliance af Switzerland, while now,on the contrary, she will be ex pored to the dreaded onslaught without any allies at all It might be imagined that witn this feeling the country wouldOnMondaylast,John.M.Dunn,detectivepoliceofficer very young man, whoonly entered his house workinwhichtheboilerwasplacedwasaoattered of this city, taring a daguerreotype of Horsey, proceeded six or eight months since, having formerly enjoyed a shower of brick was Impelled across a vacant lot,to visit all the druggists' stores In the city, to trace to him ITpossible any purchase ha might have made.P l f 1 f£ i!!!!!y££*2Eh»J » Kntparor the wholethe confidence for several years of one of the largest houses here; he to pitied by every one, as having been seduced by bto employer.lately d<mohshiDg a stable and outhouse* on th* rear af- u found impossible.wheedled. but Napoleon waa immovable, the dress was altogether Impossible: aad so at last, la that kind of feverJona MoQarryto prsnatass.bto, her Majesty determined on appearingdomino. simply iaA aomber of brick were thrown across several raosst defence against the expected danger, aad that the men. the daguerreotype as the liketess of a man who had seve- Paraguay, in consequence of Canstadts arrest, is yet to pied by William Cook and others, shattorteg the grassOT coarse, I do not answer for the correctoess of an I have thus recounted, but I have e?ery reason to believe, from the sources from which I derive it, that it Is essen- tially true.sores proposed by government for reorganizing the army ral Umeevimted htostore abort tour weeks since. He rep statu quo. ' * arbor, and one of the missiles struck Mrs. Cask aad bar would be easily passed in both branches of the Legisla- resented himself s s a son of n Mr. Tlrrell of Weymosth. I am happy to infirm yon, aad through you Stater, injuring both considerably. Several caildrea wereHer Majesty coaxed andDuring the afternoon he visited the apothecary store of E F. & W. D. Miller, corner ot Hanover and UnionThefactIs,withregardtoattemptsontheEmperors »relnablowoaBto,thataverygeneralopinionprevailsthathis termofservicefromtwoyearstothree,aadaddingtotheandSsyers, weimposes fresh burdens oa the people by Increasing thebablytoavoididentification. ,v YesterdayMr.CoburnvisitedHeresytojailatDedham.opemento in regard to the death of Betsey Frances, who his standing to such an Infamous act, which to a capital ture about $300.nation, are firmly persuaded that sooner or later, a rua- directly implicate Horsey. pethy to felt for him. Not so his bookkeeper, a ths factory ia which ths explosion oacarred. The •ture; bat it happens unfortunately that the financial part who was doing business in Boston, on Pearl street At Toar millions of readers, of Captain Page's return from of their schema is as unpalatable to the Lords as the one time he bought some hair brushes, perfumery, 4 c , his expedition up the river Bermejo. Captain Page In-also in the yard at the time, but all escaped.Tbe exact cans* of the explosion doss aot appear. TM sngiB* had aot bean running tor ten annates before theFirst, berarequitesatisfiedwithItsofarasItonlyothavingrecentlytostasisterbydeath. Hehada asallhisparty,arewell. 1wishthemthebsatsuccess. heavy beard at lbs time, but has since shaved it off, pro-accident, ths engineer aad all bands-*on* tosta aast- ber—betog engaged to unloading wood In the front part « theshadBtosawhlto.ThetopTcockcftbeboUerhad been tried some firs minutes previously, and round t* containwateratthailevel. Thefiresaresaidtobar* been low. One or the proprietors entered the door jest as the explosion occurred. Ne one to the paws wss • • ianrwUfThe Basse of the engineer to Alexander MoLaoghto. Hsees St once recognized by Mr. Coburn He pretended at first not to know the latter, but when Mr. Tlrrell, who waa present wtth other friends or tae deceased, upbraided him for the enormity of lite crime, he bang his head for theme,sadpaledbeforetheaccusation.Arttl-D M Corwtae, wlto, child f*d aer»an^Mrs Hntfbt, sjonor Sloans Peruvian Minister to IfcrarU; Wm Chamberm, Secretary a Legation to Naw draaala; £.? M»*sy. «srged'AffBtrs; M Caat, adward Lowe, s T KThe houses of Mr. Tlrrell aadof Heresy's parents haveA^n^'r.11? !««»*»,•Pietroaontl,wifeand*:i Iff t cpeiacd, Capt Tttua aad wife, George thus.years of sge. and had charge of th* sn- months. H e appears to » ^ » •***!•«There to very little news of general Interest going on herejustsow.WeareinwhattheycallinNewYork,IbeTheboiler,whichwaslyingacrosstheshe1,wasim-sand,delivered, which to a veryhighprice. Theyare inoneofherapartments. Theforceotthebatterknockedscale, to in course of erection, and several other large passing through the front of toe nouee, waa lodged sesss buildings for shipbuilding, as mold lofts, &-c., are In work. fret distant in the yard, the building being on the rear ofActs of robbery, &c., I cannot give you; nor anything in the Harper s Ferry line, as we are a peaceable set hereI must not forget to mention to you an event which hasA-jf*TM^ ^r"teJstshl». n .-Meisrs Baiftu, J. Jones, A toflsoa, J. Meatotth, J. Walaey,»—MheesClarkandHutburt,A HaaA Hall, Mrs.Haand' tofortunatethatthedamagelaaosmallAFauam.BrosoaaBAnaotn.—OnSeaJay morning, turn,aadareatworkenadttusreatstyle,wtoee^wlnj metarsf/. Her death was very audden, aad has given about I r e o'clock conductor Cotttag, of ths Hudson River snoot. The coal Seattle style p-*-i-—-.-Mrs *. Webster,was seriously hurt.of which to the tost that visit I s N e w Yorkvaried, sot Beat aad serviceable—blue ahlrts sad toes- sen, aad heavy straw hats, predominatingCOAL Scrrnn BorasTs BarrDuran.-.Wa learn from ssed tJtotthearmyr?orgaoizatisnschemewillexpertohM-tbd ^es papers as Holy has to to Tsiuable sreai same fate in the Second.latebeeareadingreligiousbooks.Tasiwdaotioa three has donsThomas M. Tryniskito devote to his service. I he*?..Z Zl?^ . !••**leaked uo to aa on* or it> «•«• «*«.,/*«•KMI*L>M M #the equalization of the b a d tax has nsstt iarOwttonthf* templattsg connecting himself with a Church, and haa ofthe First Chamber, aad II to extremsly likely, there-fore,ikeCMcS^SSSto%Slbfl^5* Thedeathof Bares Brack: haacreated amostpmystery the death of these young ladies, is the Tact that after they were token ill they were speechless until death.years older settled the question A seceaesftJ^"*T"°"ta sensation here and throughout Germany, where he wasUntitled Document309 Soauth 4Fulton New York• Partt Baabtend»lv nmmnteetedla este er «13069www.fultonhistory.comifulthStreetnhas walked from the city to Doha's Ferry, and being ex ce*din«lv tirnd «tnU> a rtda. mntbttr eaaAaA ft Tn»» m i Urise to aaaay suspicions In connection with the death of tbstwoTirrellgirkfftossidtstoitIw*iyt»*ta^,ttstoOlhto«MTS^Railroad, discovered torn boys aadar a freight oar hang ing to the trucks, at Oreenbaah. The train had just ar rived from thta dty. Thsy wars ordered out, whea be asked them where they had o n e from. They replied, Msb'sFerry,andthattheyhadriddenoathetrucksofand disgust that there has been.adthe atUttaars aadthsy_ . „ -,---^.rest or sell no spring hssaasta et ell. W* thtac t— man oonld hero stood ths ridicule, aad weald ke^swnl- k)wed•hob'owndtognstatth*shapeless things,battasOne of the circumstances which have clothed w th snob tas oar tbe entire dtotance, ISO miles Oa Saturday they idea that Ihey make thetr wearers took at toast a,dsaaa 