 otoriety can b* w« axe Uemrt,Irvtty Mitca^ tot k»*w * * a ^ r*rbeia*ae^ freshing aaaer- d. within thtwea*>li*h*d a coh- ort that one of a number *flm that in th» HJblwhVa state- while at tho not seen, btftto know it, s'ich were the itchill. JXox** several of hyletteraad Jb-roselves, the *c&y aware ofknow. Their ih«\v assure the the identity oft > \ officers of failed theoa, it to be relief is untrue; but :pt by irnpUea- ton these veryadvertise, that •y will take no *nnah, becausearenotsent . Benevolent e dawn of thei:p-owners- are tne affairs of mon««y unless iinejf by going>ur President'* ocean in a don eight days*ued in St. geographical A r/d now thewhich took t**d, mainly by :a<* 14th, and if morning of mere, returned.so as to be 'in.1t., though •mpted in thePacific coast tifclioa before aaay jet betoe reception<— positively ite«t ;n Cali- cause the voteLincoln and and Breckin- Lincoln isatei however, >m: and it ishas gone for I and monetary stringency. This drain has been Erie Railroad line, is reported to have foundered near islature are nearly all gone to Columbia. The regular sion, as though dug up out of five hundred years decay,&& with * Y^tnrre. ambitious, loegg to the ii:fornia—that r. supporting Mr. Latham,'es "—that is, h*natives in fcey can noan OTertnrn Oregon;;; and :aat Union i£c -Railroad. uaJ> trying v South byihe North:>ropo*ed Newb; the South:!?s the estab-'with all the levy taxes on ' which are Confederacy. h**, imported :and; xr.id* we fear 11 not-prevail &aa it doe*» w t o n of XJ&* SotioruU'J ti«** doctrine in« anticipa- »ro Republic, * which Pro- wl upon th« people. W«TV drp*rt(!i>-ut of«*> of othvi. totritp. 'Ouid A,'juo*t Work >f our w a pnople: of, t&e .Sbitb *odlw»cot£i»> a. errttxirm J !-'>*• «leutb«rizics»? N ontxrro .bi p>-new b«5 trit>tit&rr *• ob would b« I* fvr .product* of */ui<i <»« too prcwon id b+ u*> KTtmt a*a * Nortn«ratio »otrrnh«iMpioa th «o 1'yaj! M wo with ta« !M>htt *ooo b*eona«fs^would not Pe fear that »t as mack »e<( in his new i;»'i«ts. P e r - - '.might Tpur- ; to the pro-ade, for in*(if U>T Al&err* it-; but we kiid ever be\. wr Law- ^we jjh«]| b**• may become necessary to cut off the drafts to dishnraicg officers, and postpone the pay of pub- lic officers here. As there will hardly be suffi- cient means in the Treasury next Monday to pay the milleage and accumulated salaries of mem- bers, little, delay is anticipated in rushing some relief bill through. $11,060,000 of the loan au-erich, C. W . Schooner Wm. Maxwell is. ashore above Sugar Loaf Point; the crew all perished except one.. The schooner Sacramento is ashore near Port Col- borne. The schoouer Tornado, with a cargo of corn from Chicago, is wrecked near Kingston; crew all lost and veesel goue to pieces. The schooner Enterprise is anhore at Ixmg Point. The schooner. Arctic is ashore at Preaque Island. The schooner Scallawag is ashore near Port Stanley, and has gone to pieces. The schooners Wm. Case of Chicago, and W . P . Goodell of Buffalo, were to-day towed into the river at Sarnia, completely, covered with ice, with every man on theFinancially matters are growing desperate here. A petition to-day is circulating among the merchants, ask- ing the banks to suspend. It Will be presented to-mor- row; but the banks nave now sufficiently contracted to be safe themselves,and they look rather coolly on such movements. They want to go through the ordeal un- scathed. '••.'.The Governor's Message is anxiously looked for here. ^':Wbr. Utaeoln at Home. SraiNOKiKLD, 111., Monday, Nov. 26,1860.'Mr. Lincoln arrived here at 6 30 p. m. from Chicago, to the delight of the reporters and a number of office- Beekera, who have been lying^iu wait for .him since Saturday.The President and party traveled in separate cars. No ovafiona were received on the-way on account of the rainy weatherA. C. Connor, Chairman of the Indiana Central Com- mittee, was awaiting bis arrival.Judge Arn'y of the Kansas Belief Committee was here to-day, and denies emphatically the report that Montgomery receivnd any countenance from the Com- mittee. He collected a la'rge quantity of provrsiona inBooth has our'earnest thanks, our enthusiastic admira- tion, and our hopes that he may do in other thingsspector, and Mr. Jeremiah G. DagaTfor Trustee. —The Fifth Aldermanic Republican Convention met; last night at Bleecker Buildings and renominated unan-«She was detained- by thick weather, There has. heen .cifuUnd beueuceat Providence," {eaaelea* rain here since the «*b lost.tmmkmmmi by a young man who slept in one of the frcVvt roo,uwM . , -, -m" t^^ilfSmmgiiJk1ieo deceived the public, is a frightened old dotard, un- the entire community, a sentiment that is entertained life and eagerneaa of . fresh actors and auditors. Many a young actor, who has attained just enongh of imagine a funny piece in three mortal (immortal or dia-worthyofcredence. HisCourthasnotbeenmolested; alikebyallclassesofcitizens;andthatis,thatSouth MadameFabbriisidentifiedherewiththecharacterof eminencetomakehisnamefavorablyspokenofbythe bolical)acts! Bythistime—10p.m.—thebewildered^Lake Michigan. Vessel and cargo totally lost.T "who commanded in Utah. They, were only The schooner Comet, with grain, from Chicago to Buffalo, is ashore in our bay. The crew have partly been rescued from her. The vessel will probably be./.• i ••In the event of traitors arising within the State after she shall have asserted her sovereignty, it is probable thathewilladvisesomelegialationinmoreparticubirlv defining treason to the State, and settling the puniBh"-grievously disappointed.of one of the very few honest men in the present Board, and is worthy to succeed him.T H E POSITION OF JUDGE W A YNE.fly in the Bower of Ferns." Up to this pout, the Sincewesawhimlast,Mr.Boothhasbeenatwork, sceneryhadnotelicitedanyspecialapprobation^buthere and his work has borne such noble fruit as can only be was a decided triumph—a triumph which might safely at Paris, delights to display. It may safely be assumed fully appreciated by those who knew him when he was rest upon its own merita, without the ungenerous fling the crude,.unpolished, but still startling and original of the management at the whole scene-painting profes- actor of three years ago, and who see him how, and sion of this country. Mr. Roberta's effort is oneof true note what gigantic strides he has taken toward the genius, and deserves most generous-praise;- but AJmy,He is nominated in placejBsptss£vrixn ^ern.W ASHIKOTON, Monday, Nov. 26,1860.I Important From, South Carolina.WINTER GARDEN, :.. I MR. EDWIN BOOTH AS HAMLET.dicioos and liberal dieftay of nether limbs. Almost everything of current notoriety is lugged in; the irre- pressible nigger, the Aldermen, the irrepressible nig-in coin, from the ordinary means at his com- afternoon, with a double crew onboard, all. of whommand, which have been diminished by the panic 'have perished.The propeller Jersey City, of the New-York andCHARLESTON, Nov: 25, 1860. The city is quiet to-day. The members of the Leg-of the piece given last night: A great Christian.fete-day—cardinals, bishops, magnates, rabble: a proces-rave and rant at the Queen like a drunken short-boy—he is the first Hamlet for many a day whose conduct in For School Commissioner, Henry (J. Leuuk; Sclicoi Iiupoct-* 130 to 123 heavy, recently, from banking and other institutions Dunkirk, and all on board perished. session opens te-night. - The Governor's Message"will Two or three propellers and a number of sail veseelsand* rendered beautifully vital, passes before the eye.that same scene would not justify the interference ofthird parties, on the supposition that he intended to•or, Alexander Lang, sen.; School Trustees, B#*ja«iin-S!ler»r©o4. William Huelat (to fill Tocancy), John. Marctt; Constable*,' Mark Lanigan, Samuel Cook.—The Fifth Ward Republican Convention for nom-NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, 4;c mmTUESDA Y , NOVEMBER I ii f • Sf .ACADEMY OF MUSIC.27,I860.4The official footings on Electors, as far as heard sition of Providence can avert it. It ia a great pity said of the ravishing "costumes, tranacendant ar- Thereisnotruthinthevariousrumorsthat from,assumingOrangeandSullivanCountiesashere- thattheNorthdidnot,anddoesnot,orwillnot,un-'mor,heroictableauxandprocessions,andallthe< iTudge Wayne has made any public committals tofore reported, are a*follows: £deratand the South,and her institutions in their true character; for if they did matters would certainly never have come to this lamentable condition.. The State ia making active preparations to resist any demonstration on the part of the Federal Government. Tenders of aid from other Statea continue to come to the Governor, and HOstrong and so universal is theaccessories such as the French grand opera houseeoneerning the secession movement in Georgia.All his sympathies are with the Union feeling,though he does not consider it becoming in hisLincoln ElectorsFusion Electors.........362,646 ,312,510that Mr. Ullman has been a long while • in making hismultitudinous and brilliant preparations:'importing thechivalric suit*—as they are not manufactured here—copyirg or improving on the. original scenery of theFrench Academy, studying " the business," as the ac-tionandgroupingsarecalledtheatrically,andperfectsing the imitations of the Parisian performance, auch asHal€vy and Scribe, composer and author,, approved of.Mr. Ullman is not scant in his premonitory advertise-ments, and the descriptions of theologians, dignitaries,and acolytes-T-knights, soldiers, horses, and grandeurs-of the church-militant—not forgetting the holiday suits true'genius who undertakes the character will develop Marshall outstripped the boldest of the ballet, much to V of " 444 " of the great, unwashed, were as soul-subdu- other and new beauties, or give the old a new aignifi- her discredit; the men were well erwngh for tbe little ing as the catalogue of the Versailles Palace, which cance, is doubtless true, Mr. Booth's Hamlet is, all they had to do. Before the curtain, Tom Baker re- the. verdant American traveler studies, previous to things considered, by far the. beat for many years. galed the audience with some delicious bits of the nwsicwithout their vote, and adjourned to meet December EveryJudgeontheSupremebenchisforthe 7,tocanvasstheStateticket..given, 70,000 aoldiers within ber own boundariesvfrom themountainstothesea,willcomeforwardtothede- fense Of South Carolina, and they all would sooner die, or see the State a subjugated province, than paaafvelyGardenlasteveningwasatriumphforhimself,anda Insuchapiece,notmuchcanbesaidoftheacting;Union, although much pressure of sectional senti- ^ jneot &** keen brought to bear on Judge Camp- "bell with a view of inducing him to resign, and thus second the secessionists in their scheme tocause ofjust pride to his many friends, whose unswerv-Maj. for LincolnThe Canvassers not having received returns fromposition, and in the excited state of feeling amonghis own people, to take any political part now. Orange and Sullivan Counties, completed the canvass feeling, that the moment the command shall have beenhighest tragic excellence. ' , Thome, Bengough, Sherwood, and their brothers, can- Mr. Booth's performance of Hamlet at the Winter not be brushed out by a fling of the pen..to the United States authorities will be rendered on Thursday.proposition.of some citizens.of Charleston to establiah a line of steamers between that port and Liverpool is favorably thought of." doing " that miraculous offspring of taste and taxes. Nature has bestowed on him peculiar graces. H3s eye. A subject Well worthy the attention of the traveler ia a miracle of.expresaion and beauty; his figure is On the whole, for a burlesque—if such is meant—theT h e C i a l e o n J L a k e E r i e . BUFFALO, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.is the prodigious invention displayed in the stage-illus- slight and lithe; his carriage almost always graceful, piece is bad; if for a ballet, it is bad; if for an extrava- trationsofParis. Whetheroftheminuteand private, andhiavoiceisone of singularly exquisite tone and ganza,itisbad; ifforanyrecognizedorderofplay,it or vast and public character, the merit is equal. The wondrous capabilities of modulation, and he-is thor^ is bad; but for an incomprehensible, aimless, plotless, only time we ever saw " Macbeth"! put on the stage in oughly master of all its flexile possibilities.. It is of// lief for the Treasury, upon the meeting of Con- lates incendiary documents, avows himself, an Aboli-gress, will, be necessary to save the Department molition of the casting hovute of Palmer 6c Wadsworthj tionist, or in any way endeavors to incite the slavea• from actual suspension. The present balance and which was in course of erection, being the principal to insubordination or insurrection; and that Southhension of the wierd, fatalistic, and terrible • character occasion testthose qualities, and in other passages it has the Old Man of the Sea did Sindbad the Sailor, tho*e which pervades it, was at the Odion, Paris, a transla- a sweet, melancholy tenderness peculiarly its own, and legs may give it a smart chance ofa ran;tion being given. The Witches were not like ragged which we have never heard matched. His readingsTombs " revolvers''—but imperative, volant, Fates, .'are'devoid of all straining for startling originality; no REPUBLICAN NOMINATIONS.—The First .Ward Re- messengers of deceit and perdition. The apparition of passages are wrenched from their accustomed signifi- publican Convention to nominate School officer^ which Bjtftono's ghost was not a piece of farcical materialism cance, and no words are violently twisted from their was to have met hist night at No. 52 Greenwich street,•:receipts axe hardly adequate to the current de-case. Carolina shall bind herself to take fifty thousanddollars worth of arms annually for live years, The marine losses, as far as heard from, are as fol- from Major Ripley, in accordance with the pro-^50,136S l a r r e E x t r a d i t i o n C a s e . i n C a n a d a . submit to a continuance of Northern encroachments onTOROWTO, C. W;, Monday, Nov. 26, i860. her tights.The Extradition case of a fugitive slave hamed . The Governor will eend in his Measage at 1 o'clockbut Mr. Burnett succeeded in keeping an uneasy audi- ing faith in bimis now fully justified. ence from revolting at the nauseoMs dose of niggerbreak up. the Government. He has resisted all Jackson, from Missouri, now in custody in Brantford, to-morrow. He will recommend that the Legislature •should, to aoine extent, foster and encourage directsuch attempts patriotically, but if Alabama 'should charged with murder, and escaping from Slavery, was trade with Europe and the Continent, by taking upon. proceed to the threatened extremity, he may feel urged at length here on Saturday before the Courtof itself a part ot the losses that might flow from thenot to be expected or desired. But that every actor of a bit of'' Yankee gal," in which she is very good;. Mis«Queen's Bench. The decision whether he be given up establishment >of such direct trade. To this end theJnmself compelled to.retiredTHE TREASURY REPORT.;.The Treasury Report will be a brief business doc-trment, merely rehearsing the operations for the£scal year, without making any special recom-mendations. The condition of the finances will The storm of Saturday and Sunday was the-most ment for that offence. It is believed that he will recom-i>e its most interesting feature. Immediate re- severe that has occurred here in many years. The mend that a law be passed punishing aummaiily and damage to buildings in the city was not heavy, the de- severely—perhaps with death—any person who"circu-desiring to fortify themselves with gold, and some- be read on Tuesday.are on the Canada shore. It is rumored that troops are coming to Fort Moul- without shadow. And so the keen-eyed dramatisttimes $600,000 in one day have been drawn. Moat of the fleet of vessels bound down have arrived trie.The Secretary will continue to redeem this in- safely, the losses being confined mostly to vessel* It is now evident that none will be sent to the Con- introducea his dark tints. Society, like Noah Claypole,^ton, and. with. bound up.debtedness as long as his funds last, though it The schooner J. S. Newhouse is ashore near Good-vention unless strongly committed to secession. always . requires somebody to kick, especially CHARLESTON', Monday, Nov. 26, 1869. in its patriotic, and theological moods. Moatdared, in this same scene, to conduct himself like agentleman, and not a blackguard. For all which Mr. nominated Mr. Charles Curt it* > as candidate for In-• thorized at the last action for the redemption' of Treasury notes are still on hand, but could Goodell more or lees frozen. The brig "Curtis Mann,3Viic mot be sold advantageously in the present state j of"the money market. Under these circum- • stances efforts will be made to carry a new is-sue of the Treasury notes as the only availablemeans of satisfying public creditors^ though they • frill not command par.T h e warehousing system is found to be a great drawback on the Treasury at a time like thefrom Chicago to Buffalo, is ashore near Gooderich, C. \Y .; crew safe but the vessel is a total loss. The Cadet of Detroit arrived at Gooderich safe; repprta seeing a loaded vessel in the Lake, running i^uder bare poles in heavy seas and thinks she must have founder- ed. The schooner Cuyahoga is ashore at Port Col- borne, and the.Jennie Mack, three miles above there. Three other vessels, names unknown, are ashore at Point Albino. The bark Sunshine and schooner Keno- sha are safe under.Long Point, but damaged. The schooner Marco Polo is capsized: near Long Point. The. schooners St. George, Mary, Wild, River,' present, When large quantities of merchandise and two or three others, namea unknown, are ashoreCentral Illinois.• •B a n k Suspension incan be stored and payment of duties withheld.This experience has satisfied even Mr. Cobb that s f it ought to be abolished. The friends of a Tariff have always been opposed to it as a costlynear South Bay, Lake Ontario.[Ellwood Waiter, «j»q., SecreUry of thtt Board of Undervnitern of tt»ia city, received the following dispatch lant eveniug:]BUFFALO, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860. It has been blowing.heavy from the north-west, and snowing. The propeller Wabash Valley, from Mil- waukee to Grand Haven, Lake Michigan, is ashore atMuskegan. Vessel and cargoreported a total loss. The propeller Forest Queen, with grain, flour, Ace, from Chicago to Buffalo, ia ashore in Bailey's Harbor,Geor&i*-~ And unnecessary appendage.THE PACTPIC MILITARY DEPARTMENTS.MACON, Ga., Monday, Nov. 26,1860.The Manufacturers' Bank of Macon suspended thismorning. Business ia prostrate everywhere. It iswhispered, that .there wilr be many heavy -ftilurea in Savannah this week.: •'•' .•Nomination for Mayor.: \ BOSTON, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.E. S. Tobv has received the nomination for Mayorof Boston by the Parker House Committee- •-»Tne Bnrcn IMvorce Case. SEVENTH DA Y .NAPIERVH.I.K, III., Monday, Nov. 26, 1860. Dr. A. Johnson of Chicago was reexamined, butnothing material was elicited. _ Henry P . Farnam was reexamined, and testified to seeing Stuart in company with Mrs. Burch at herhouse and elsewhere on several occasions.The Break in tne Canal. ALBANY, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.. Hamlet will be acted every night till the- publiccountermand the order, by staying from the theater,which we believe they will not soon be willing to do. 1 Third District.—The Mozart Covcntion, in the•The two military departments on the PacificEdward L. Murphy; XL Frederick Repper, Thomas J. Carleton; X. Aaahel Reed.have been reunited under General Johnston,divided to give General Harney a separate com-LA URA KEENE' S THE A TER.Third Councilmanic District, met hurt night at No. 12 Greenwich avenue, and nominated John Q. Haviland and Henry K. Blauvelt of the IXth Ward, John P . Gaw of the XVth, Arthur Ahmaoty of the XVIth, andmand, after General Clarke had performed all - the duty for which he was dispatched to thePacific.- and therefore, in the absence of regular revenue, Morley ran ashore near Kingston; Game Cock at Peninsular Point; Minnehaha dragged both her anchorsA new extravaganza was brought out last night atthis house—a fairy, diabolical", melange of pretty Stephen OHara and Wm. Baird of the XVIII& Tho women, dull jokes, and one magnificent scene. It is Tammany ites in this District have also nominated six called "The Seven Sisters,!' and is taken from a men, and a Conference Committee has been appointedDECREASE IN REVENUE. Information received here from largeThe Oale on I>aJke Ontario. OSWEGO, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.- Accounts of the effect of the recent severe gale are coming in from every quarter. The schooner J. J.import- ers in New-York states that nearly all' orders lor Bpring goods have been materially curtailed,from each faction to meet and make up a Fusion ticket from the twelve men.Congress must resort to a further use of public ' credit, temporarily, beside passing Mr. Morrill'sTariff bill if practicable.N NA V AL MOVEMENTS.and went ashore near Cape Vincent, and Marquette went ashore on Nelson's Island. Over 30 vessels, bound to this port, are still to arrive. The weather is moderating slowly. . '..-'.Dowling; Twentieth, Alexander McMullen; Twenty-The following vessels are reported as having met The officers and crew of the Cyane, at Panama, with disasters: •'',:'. , . __The Great Western Railway earnings for the week^ Medicine, and of Sciences in Paris. But here the ending Friday were $43,500, an increase of $5,900 over- divisions and distractions of nationalities prevent con-Another Convention of the same faction, meeting at the corner of Forty-second street and Third avenue, nominated the subjoined ticket: Twelfth Wasd,.Davidare to be relieved by the steamer from New- York, which leaves on the 1st of December. • TheThe schooner Forest is frozen m the ice, near rren- ton, in the Bay of Quinte. « ' * • • - ,the corresponding week of last year. • 'Weather at Watertovrn. WATERTOWN, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860. .The anow here is" from a foot to eighteen mcheBcentrations. A Crystal Palace burns down and is for- gotten.^The moat splendid of opera houses is put up, and the success and fidelity/of its illustrations- are hoBclaim to honored attention. A things are here sotransient, the public may enjoy La Juive while it may.Alder*The schooner Cascade has been driven to Sackett s ; officers and crew of the St. Marys at the same Harbor, disabled, and with sales gone. She is loadedt point will probably be relieved some time next with wheat. , ...is to a dramatic author (Daly), who is just bringing out a play, in which thoy become the actresses; and the representation of " behind the scenes," as in " The First Night," reveals comically some of the secrets of the stage. Before they leave, a lugubrious scene of execrable burlesque declamation is somewhati enb> vened by the arrival of Charon, with a boat-load of souls; one is a Common Councilman, whois doomed by Pluto to the furthest cornor of his do-minion, the.remotest possible distance from the cash-Costello; Twenty-second, Peter Conley. • m i . . .month.To tb» AModaied Yt***.W ASHINGTON,The schooner Jeannie P. Mack is ashore, with a cargo of coal, ten miles above Port Colborne, on Lake'The schooner Mary Selina, with lumber, is ashore in Cbaumont Bay. . . . , . ; *>;„ The schooner Comet, with gram, is ashore near BigThe schooner Queen City isashore at Kingston; has lost boats, sails, etc. '. ... •• A propeller coaster ran ashore eight miles belowdeep, and much drifted. (4 p. m.) from Borne.No trains have arrived yet .The steamship Kangaroo, which left h*re,fot Liver- pool on Saturday last, will touch at Cap* Race for lata advices from New-Y ork. Any communications' left with Robert Craig, agent of the Associated Press, up to 10 d'clpck on Wednesday morning, will, be daly for- warded.—Gov. Banks of Mass., called on His Excellency the Mayor yesterday at noon. These two were called,Monday,There has been no official notification concerning theNOMINA TIONS.—The^ncentrated within defined limits, outride of which the •whites will be undisturbed. A few intruders are still on the Osage reservation, but notice has beeaaerved to them to remove therefrom. The intruders on theA steamer from Kingston reports seven vessels ashore between that place and Sackett s Harbor-There is a blinding snow-storm from the south-east—The Aldermanic Convention for the Third District met last evening and nominated Jeremiah Bessori as candidate for Alderman. •• ^Horatio King has returned from a family visit to Maine, and not (as erroneously reported in nome of theNov. 26,i860.NE W-JERSE YITEMS.reported resignation of Chief-Justice Taney a? far as '• can be learned; there is certainly no such information<Rt the Attorney-General'8 office.By the recently ratified treaty with the Kaw (Kan-sas) Indians, the questions affecting the intrusions on> their lands have been adjusted. Theee Itiduins are now B a v canvas and boat gone; leaking badly.DEATH OF CAPT. ERAZEE.—Capt. William H.Frar.ee, formerly commander of the Sound steamerVanderbilt, and recently of the Francis Skiddy, died at dorsed the nomination. The candidate in oppositionSchooner Edith, of Oakville was beached m the gab of Satm day, a mile south of Stony Point Li^ht. bhe : Cherokee neutral lands have been forced to vacate had no cargo. Also, schooner Omar Pasha, with a cargo .tfaem through the energy of the COTnmismoner of Indian of wheat, from Toronto. Both vessebywent to pieces, but the crews were saved, except the coot oi tneEVACUATION DAY.--Tbe Jersey Continentals, underCapt. De Mott, paraded yesterday for the purpose ofcelebrating the seventy-seventh anniversary of theevacuation of New-York by the British. The FirstCompany,. Continentals of New-York, under Lieat.Maraten, visited Jersey City, and, after a parade and Ninth District met last night at Halpin's, corner of collation with their Jersey brethren,._ both CompaniesThe fire originated on the sixth floor, occupied by H. J .SACKKTT'S HARBOR, Monday, Nov. 26, I860. Two veswsls are ashore at Stony Creek and at Hen- derson's; names unknown. One vessel between Horse Island and Stony Island has a signal of distress at her « vetarrivedat'Washmgton. The old Senate Cham- mast head. The steamer Bay State ia going to her as-the aerial sprite, Cupid—and, of course, funny.AsafTrenchard and Dundreary (Johnston and Levick)arejevoked, and make unsuccessful efforts to be amus-ing. Thenceforward there is a succession of Tom andJerry and Moae adventures thrown together in thedren from suffocation. Considerable damage was done throughout the building by waier. The furniture of Mr. Winkle was damaged to the amount of $50.FIRE IN GRAND STRKKT.—At 1 o'clock this morn- ing a fire broke out in the bice embroidery and trim- mihgM store of John Bell, on the north-east corner of*"- Bewroeoers) from a vfcft to Hannibal Hamlin.*^^P dS5nbe« of Congre^are now in readme**proceeded to New-York.^PowellSixteenth street and Ninth avenue, and nominated Samuel T. Munson, the Mozart candidate.'forYbe Members, a very few of whom however have W thelmprovements having ^ ! & S 3 i S ^ S ^ lat it* December season.Messrs. Sweney, Bittenhouse, Fant 6c Co. quote ^ S a ^ n e y to-day at 6 per cent discount for spe-*"T'17ZA K 5 \ * , ~ Ri,«^,m« Court of the United States occupied by the Supreme CourtTHASKSWVINCproclamation, recommending the citizens of Brooklyntoabstain from their ordinary occupations on Thursday, that newly created district. ' the 29th inst., » and to devote it as they may thinkmost admired disorder. Of course, as this is technically i Grand and Norfolk streets. The stock was eutrrelva " leg-piece," tht;re is a march of young ladies, fo- destroyed before the flames could be extinguished, uudgot off, and the cargo saved in a damaged atate.The propeller Dacotah, from Buffalo to the upper lakes, with a full cargo of goods, was totally loat afew miles above here.Crew all lost.Stone Mills, Canada, and subsequently went to pieces his residence^ No. 63 Hudson street, Jersey City, onwas JameH Fitzgerald. There was terrible swearing in the First Ward last night when the nomination was made known. „The schooner Augustus Handy ,ia ashore in SouthSaturday .afternoon last. Mr. Erazee was. extensively and favorably known by the traveling public, and was greatly beloved by his more immediate acquaintances.box, until he has refunded his Bbare of the Japanese by the Duke of Newcastle, the representative men ofBall Swindle. [laughter.] Another is one of Georg« the United States.Law's Assemblymen, who isplaced on the "gridiron." FIRK IN LIBERTY STRjcKT.^-Laat night about 10[More Laughter.]- -The third is an ancient darkey (Mr. o'clock, a fire occurred in the six-story building No. 23Burnett), the veritable "irrepressible nigger;" but Liberty street, occupied on the firat five floors as offices.Pluto won't have him at any price, and imperiously Winkle as a dwelling, and waa caused by the ignition orders Charon to "carry him back," probably to Old of a bed and bed-dothes from a lamp ia the hands of aVirginia. [Laughten] The first act winds up child. The policeman of the post seeing the flames, —The Tammany Aldermanic Convention in the. with a | grand ballet, in which Peters is ran into the house, and rescued the women and Chil-sistance immediately.XI*e Prince Albert Outward Bound. ST. JOHN'S, N. F.:, Monday, Nov. 26,1860.DA Y .-Mayorhas issued his—The Tammany Convention of the VHIth Judicial District met last evening, and nominated Aaahel R. Herrick as a candidate for the office of Civil Justice ia>r spe- The steamship Prince Albert arrived from N«w-Yorkcie, and 3 per ...;. di^ouni rbr currency, and Sight at noon on Monday, and sailed at 1 o'clock for Galway. best calculated \o evince their gratitude to a jnor-the building narrowly escaped beiug burned down.Loss on stock about $2,000; damage to building $250. popular. Many a dull play hH^beou saved by a ju- The upper part of the building was unoccupied, exber*^ - - >/eent discount for ciExchange on Jfew-Yoric at 3 per cent^remium.the nwigaatioa of Ctie(-J<W* Tw*y.Messrs. Mason and Thomas give the second of their series of soirees at Dbdworth'a Hftll to-night."^•pmtw-WV* iA«M*mrnale-Zouuves, whose' jwrformances are .universallyI Special Dftpatoh toThoN. Y;Tribune.COLUMBIA, Monday^ Nov. 26,1860.." LAJUIVE.The Academy of Music is. dead! Long live theThe Government to-day received a dispatch fromMinister Clay, stating that he had, pursuant to instruc-tions, demanded his passport, and was.on his way ance to-day, for the members, and'other, persons in- Academy! Soon as a manager is rained by fat salaries last- appeared in this city, having, up to that time,^ suc- bigger, also the irrepressible nigger, and the colored per-This city has presented an unusually busy, appear-terested in their deliberation?, have been.'arriving to ceeded raiher in fairly enlisting the pleased attention ofwas promptly furnished with his ja^port, and thus all . principallv confined to the ordinary buainees of the tance, that is the next season, lending enchantment to admiration fro.^n the metropolitan public He was then fence, under the fence, m the wood-pile, and the irre- the famous a^ociation known as "the King." State, and no direct action pan be taken regarding the the view, he recommits himself to parchment in liquid an actor of greai* promise, with much power, compara- pressible nigger; the nigger who is toksrated but not !Tho«e we print in It«lk$_ are candidates for re- diplomatic intercourse between the two countries is secession movement, for the Legislature has already tively untrained, l^nch vigor, and individuality which f7 terminated. The amount of unadjusted claims against gone to the extent of its jurisdiction in having issued Italian whereon the singers swear notes and he swears laughed at; who is omnipresent, but not funny; oo ©lection next week. If they succeed, don t say Peru on account of the seizure and confiscation of the the call for a Convention. cash. Notwithstanding the fitful successes of last Beason, sadly lacked direction and judicious toning down. Mr. hand, but not desirable; who b a bore, and a humbug,A pretty reliable correspondent names Alder-menBoole,Tuomey,Piatt,Gtntt,Peck,Smithyhome. Shortlyafterthisinformationcametothe bepresentattheopeningoftheLegislature"to-maht. andleanaudiences,hedoesnotinclinetohemporgun-jBradj* i2*wif» Owens and Starr as composing Executive, the Peruvian Minister, to the United States That body ia now in session. Its deliberations will be powder, but reads The Pleasures of Hope, and Dis- the town th»?n in eliciting any tokens of enthusiastic nigger, the nigger in the fence, on the fence, over the»?e recommended them.THE LATEST NEWS, fourteen years.vessels Georgiana and Lizzie Thompson is $l5u,P0O. The Legislature, however, has" juBt read, for the and the predominance of defeats, Mr. Ullman has come Booth's, energetic temperament would never ad- and a nuisance, and who ought to be suppressed but first time, a bill to arm the State, and to raise $400,000 to.the rescue of the musical world. He is of opinion mit of professional petrifaction—he must more, in is'nt, and drags on inevitable, irrepressible^ dreary,Mr. Clay has been our Minister to Peru for nearly for that purpose. that a City of a million of • inhabitants, including its co- one direction or another-rh.e vnift progress, and ra- dismal to the last degree. One long sentimental scene-T h e K a n s a s T r o u b l e s . Spetfel Dtap^eh to The N. Y. Tribune.LAWRENCE, X. T., Monday, Nov. 26,1860.The whole country is imposed upon by the late re- which now agitatves the nation. The people have re-Out of the 167 members there is not a single man pidly toward the highest excellence, or toward the.who is known to be1 a cobperationist; evorvone ia in tangents'via the ferries—with an opera-house costing is introduced between Daly and Mrs. Allen, but it ha*favor of unconditional secession. It is believed that, some $400,000, and where musicians abound, should lowest depth of melodramatic i^umthing—he had; too no consanguinity with the piece, and leaves a bewil- if a single men\ber avowed his sentiments to be other- not be without a lyrical drama. Accordingly, the much, and too active propulsive poiver in him to admit dered audience more obfuscated than ever. Lager wise, he would be summarily dealt with.. There is • wrecks of the departed season stand the manure for of idleness or inaction. He, at the time of his last en-posed into muetudO, but.it is the repose of settled con- viction, ana calm, deliberate determination.ThereisbutonesentimentpervadingthemindsofRECEIVED BY MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.•p««DJo^ohtoTb©N.Y.Tribw*^W ASHISGTON, Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.THE PRESrjQEST's ANNUAL MESSAGE.The Message is not entirely completed yet, asI n its preparation, and has abandoned his usual contributions; no arms or munitions have been sent the State who would hot i\ave preferred that South and will from that time drown his love for his art, and the unities, plot, scene, dialogue, action, are aB blended Carolina could have been .'ponnitted'to ait. under the amateurs to hear the work again. And the same maymorning receptions for that purpose. They will them, a» reported. All their arms have been in the protecting wings of the pAreut confederacy; and be said of Mr. Stigelli as the strong-minded and strong- consequently his abilitv for high achievement therein, in one undistinguishable mass, and over all looms the, ; s i •' .i !::I,r| ; Ijiports of the Kansas difficulties, I abjure all to await |thefactsbeforejudging. JudgeWilliams,whohasexpensively mounted a»d illustrated work, La Juive. Zonave demonstration closes this act, and then comes The house was crowded with the customary elegance ever froiight with a peculiar peruV-ihe danger ofbeinglittle eaid here, however, upon the great question this, and the manager boldly began last night with an gagement here, had attained that certain professional beer isprofuse in the second act, and almost as irre-4he newsmongers have reported. The President entered Missouri, and never intended to; not one cent who deeply deplore the necessity that has. ex- Winter Garden was sufficient to interpret the forth revel inthe profuse flattery of the cliqueof toadies key, Prince of Wales, darkey, negro boot-blacksy > stm daily engaged at the Department of State has been given him or his men from recent Eastern isted for its dissolution. '.There are very few in all composer to the popular ear, and to create a wish with ever too ready to flock round a young and rising man, blackies, and the irrepressible nigger* Time, space,1>e resumed on Wednesday. The rough draft Territories for years, and I challenge contrary proof. the great heart of the State, as represented in 'the voiced Jew—certainly the moat vigorous and truthfultoay be submitted to the Cabinet to-morrow, or Ail such statements as the Judge has made are vile thousands of her people, has bled as she bas been com- of his delineations. " The Jewess," accordingly, being pelled to deliberately and conscientiously resolve thatdeferred till Friday, according to circumstances. fabrications that are doing our people infmite wrong. . abe could not remain another dayTOthe Union. But the borne on the wings of the applause it gained at Mr. I t s tone will be, generally, conciliatory, but de- Let the public charge it either to his malice or. ignor- question was narrowed down tothiib-point, that she must Stuart's theater, has settled in the Academy. Theance. It is. admitted, however, that exciting events either givenp the Union or give up all elements of her character of the Princess, in this second edition, wasin the muddy waters of ever-increasing vanity and zealous egotism. Mr. Booth, three years ago, was at just this point of favorable fame, and the two paths lay plain before him. But he was imbued with a love ofstalwart figure of the inevitable nigger—a monstrous, exaggerated Fetich, towering in the flies, m& sneported by a hundred miscellaneouslegs in flesh-colored tights. Sentiment, in the waistcoat of Mr. Daly, dodges in; eided against, the right or remedy of secession.A n urgent appeal will be made to the North to are upon us.own vitality; and the first law of nature demanded that she should protect herself. Therefore South CarcSna is now out of t**e Union as mnch as she can be. AB that remiiinstobedoneisthesimpledeclarationofthefact by the Convention -which is to meet on the 17th of December. No human power, nothing but an interpo--his work too deep, and'true, and ernest to believe in here and there, but for what does not appear; Dixie i* his own immaculate excellence. No one knew better eung a second time; the irrepressible nigger is finallythan himself his positive faults, his past artistic mis- banished to the seceded kingdom of Coney Island—and, takes,andhistendenciestootherblemishes.Heset havingnomoreniggers,thepot-pourriculminateeina himself anxiously to conquer them. grand transformation scene—"the Birth of theBtttter-; repealsuchstatutesasareconsideredobnoxious fcnd injurious by the South.'". Wvu HUTCHINSON. ••^'.TheNevF-YorlcElection Returns. ALBANY, Monday, Novv 26, 1860.done by the favorite soprano, Madame BiBhop, and that, of the.Cardinal by no leas a person than FormeB. "TheJewess"waa,if werecollectright,prom- ised for last season at the Academy. Much wasmands. The most active cau^e operating to pro- lows: position of that gentleman; and that a .negotiation; dace this stringency is the failure of payments The schooner Comet,. with a cargo of oats, is ashore be entered into between South Carolina, Georctfa. '—the nctorali alive with a daub of red paint on bia natural meanings, but all is smooth, elegant, and sensi- adjourned over to Wednesday night. •v On account of the recent loan, of which little in the Bay.more than $5,000,000 have been received. That The bark Torrent, with a cargo of coal, ia ashoreand Alabama,, to fix upon a site for the armory. He probably will recommend what' the Legislature has already anticipated him in, that "is to arm the State atbor, has gore to pieces. already, for, in addition to the arms in the arsenals,„ not come in as anticipated, the Secretary has A large propelfer, supposed to be the Dacotah, of many of which are-of-the most approved pattern, the supremacy of Shakespeare. So,too,,in the ingeniousDear Barcelona. .loan waa designed to extinguish and replace the The schooner Fanny Gardner ia ashore near the the earliest practical period, so as to jH-spare for theing into his chair among a company in- tent on the feast, and so ghastly and sublime in his apiritual sorrow that the genius and culture ofmasterly elocutionist, grafted on the appreciative enthu- siasm of an earnest student. . . - * _outstanding Treasury Notes as they fell due, but Comet. She ba* no cargo. first overt act on the part of the Federal Government.aw the receipts from that expected source have The propeller Forrest Queen, ashore at Baley's Har- It is believed, however, that the State is well armed France shuddered at the sight, and confessed theIn the scenes known as the closet scene, and the Ward; J. D. Costar, Third Ward; Jos. W . Hawks, grave-yard scene with LaCrtea, his rendering is singu- Sixth Ward; Charles H. Hall, Seventh Ward; F. E. larly and indeed unexpectedly quiet.- But with Mr. Halbert, Eighth Ward; Jacob Pearce, Fourteenth.• fceen compelled to redeem the notes as presented the New-York Central Kailroad line, ia ashore at existing law under which the military of the State is combinations andveriaimilitudea due the opera. Take, Booth quiet is not lack of intensity.Ward. .,'The Fourth Ward- Republican Convention met atNo. 35-1 Pearl street and made the following nomina- tions:Eighteen Mile Creek. She left Buffalo on Friday organized requires each man to have uis own firearms for example, the cleverness of the end of the first actHe is the first Hamlet for many a day who,in the closet scene, does not consider it necessary toThethe water will be let in the canal to-night to float the boats on the Erie Canal to tide-water.The €»reat "Western Railway. TORONTO, C W., Monday, Nov. 26, 1860.Fovrtk District. —The Convention meeting at No. 527 Third avenue, . nominated the following ticket:break in the canal a t the junction ia closed, andUntitled DocumentBut this is simply brilliant. It is sunlightIt isi. now about two years since Mr. Edwin Booth ger, the what is it, more nigger, Dundreary and theelevation that to young men of another tecaperament is pressible as the representative from a Africa. A grandandcriticismofsimilarovations;andtherewerethe satisfiedwiththemselves,andceasingearnestwork. act Number Three—Spirit ofBurlesque! onlyFcrt Scott has not been attacked; Paris, nor any other Carolina will not, unoW any circumstances, remr.in public, and his effects ever received with appreciative spectator sees only a kaleidoscope of nigger, legs, dev-in the Union. There ar e many men in South Carolina the Jewess, for up to this time no one else has performedplace, bas not been sacked; Montgomery's party has not who have been dearly devoted to the Uujon, men it. . The number of timee she gave it at the commendation is content to stop just there, and thence- ils, nigger, fairies, nigger, colored man, African, dar-That there should at this day be a rendering of Ham- solely by the capital manner in which he presented" that let that should be consistently original throughout, is irrepressible nuisance. Mrs. Hough had'archance to doaccidental melange, it has many a good leg; to stand a manner worthy the author, or indicative of a compre- great volume and power when the requirements of the upon; and if the irrepressible nigger don't serve it a*face.—but the bruised, blood-stained corpse ris- ble. His delivery of the aoliloquies; is the work of a—The Republican Councilmanic Convention of tb<* First District met at the Fifth Ward Hotel, and made the following nominations: T. L. Dougherty,, Secondcommit an assault and battery on his mother—he is thefirst Prince of/Denmark for many a year who had inating School officers adjourned to Wednesday nightat Fifth Ward Hotel.-—The Convention for the"Eleventh Ward last nighttruthfully does the intellectual J e w and bia' lovelydaughter—(who turned out to be somebody else's)—appear ae the articles kicked in this moving scene, and equally well.what a capital lyrical medium it becomes. For, amidthe tread of the multitude, and sparkling of the gala-day, and the ecatacy of a-triumphant faith, is heard thevoice of paternal love, and of ghastly fear of his re- performance as a whole, only show to better advantage.. District/met last evening for the-purpose of nominatingligious foes and persecutors, so harrowing that the au- dience, enjoying his misery, cannot restrain them- selves, and the claque is stifled- in universal approba- tion. This bit of music was written for Duprez, who loved the part. It deals in the highest range of the voice, in which he produced his most notable effects, and which broke his tenor prematurely. Musico- dramatic effect on the stage may be produced at too great a cost, as worn voices showj But Mr. Stigelli is in the fullness of strength; and-, however un- dramatic it may be to make the character of an old man HOvocally clear and "good, it is indispensible, for the wheezy dryness of age is not allowed in the circle of Apollo. In this intense dramatic finale, it must not be forgotten that Madame Fabbri shares his honors in this scene. . Another fine dramatic novelty is the secret celebration of the Feast of the Passover, most beauti-' fully rendered, musically^r-and exciting the Universal religious- Bentiment, making the audience sympathize with the oppressed.The stately robes and stately voice of Formes lends grandeur to the scenes in which he was engaged. Mr. Formes has the mOst expressive of any of the first-class bass-voicea heard here. Remarkable as is his power of tone, his ability to diminish his volume, so as to be heard with effect in a drawing-room isstill more worthy of mention.The stage display last night, was the moat ambitiouB and successful of any of the operas yet presented. Nothing public excites wonder, affection, reminiscence, or gratitude in. the City of New-York: extemporized and passing in its populations, there is no local, no intra-mural pride and glory, ;as in Paris and'other cities, to evoke and sustain any foundation or enter- prise, appealing to national tastes and municipal self- satisfaction. The Louvre is a French institution, though eclectic; so, too, the Academy of Music, ofThe audience last night was an appreciative one, and testified their approbation of the artist not only by ap- plauding heartily " in the proper place," but by calling Kim several times before the curtain. •Good as was his Hamlet, we predict still'greater triumphs tor him when his Richard HI. and his Riche- lieu are produced, and when, we doubt not, he will fully vindicate hia claim to the honor he has so weli won, of being now the finest tragedian that America numbers among her young men, and of. combining in his proper person all the gifts and qualifications- requis- ite to tranamute Edwin Booth, by the aid of earnest work, into the beat tragedian that America has yet pro- duced. •The play is very well done in. some other respects. Miss Ada Clifton plays Ophelia with mnch pathos and expression;, and Mr. Davidge aa the let Grave Digger ia quaint and excellent. For the others, not much is to be said..a candidate for Civil Justice, but being unable toagree, adjourned till this evening. .-.•.'".—The Thirteenth Ward Republican- Convention last evening made the following nominations: School In-spector, Lewis Witherington; School- Commissioner, Thomas Brown; Trustees, John Martin, D. Faulkner; Constables, David E. Carpenter, Anthoay Glastater.. MOZART COUNCILMANIC CONVEMTIO*^.—The Mozart Conventions to nominate candidates- for Councilmem met last evening as follows:First District.—The Convention met at the Metro- politan Rooms in Prince street, when the following persons were nominated:1Ward I. John Hagan ; II, John Tagan; V. Mortimer'Sullivan; VII. Thomas Smith; VHI. Harris Bogert; XIV. John Burk.Second District.—The Mozart llall nominating Conr vention for this District chosethe following candidates: Ward XVH. John N* Reynolds, Thos. Kane; XIII.:DEMOCRA TICmanic Convention of the First District met last*night at No. 70 Murray street, and nominated Hugh G. Crozier, of No. 218 Fulton street. The Mozart Con- vention came up from No. 95 Greenwich street and in-—The Seventh Aldermanic District Convention met last night at Jackson's Hall, but adjourned until to- night without making a nomination.TammanyThere are blemishes in his personation, chief among which is a tendency at times to attitudinize, but these are faults so slight as to act but as foils to make theimously John H. Brady, the present incumbent. . —The Republican Judicial Convention for the VHIthGerman play known as "The Seven Daughters ofSatan." There is no plot to speak of, the prime incidentbekig the rollicking adventures of Pluto's sevendaughters in a visit to that interesting portion of theearth known as New-York. The action opens in Twelfth Ward, John Conway; Nineteenth, RogerH ades; Pluto (Leeson) and his wi& (Peters) areenjoying a matrimonial breakfast . wrangle ; thedaughters rush in—a diabolically handsome family ofvixens—(Miss Keene, Mrs. Hough, P°Hy Marshall,and Misses Vining, Couldock, Wiiloughby, and Mel-vyn), and beseech him to let them go to earth; he re-fuses, and in' a fine picture of a dying girl, shows Armstrong; Nineteenth, Robert Geary>, William them the dark-Jide of mortality. But the mother per- McMannu8; Twentieth, ; Twenty-firsty Bernard mits them to go, and goes with them- Their first visiti iison,andlhenegro,withYoungSam,andtheirrepressible-for which he is famous, and was propeTlyapplaaded.first, GeOrge W . Meeks; Timpeon.Twenty-second, Edward *s, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com," .!.^:vw<-' '. '^'"'X'^' '•'',-•"• -1 