 A mfor the Relief of the Mail Contractors.*•*•» ***^ V w U *tie Coastnctke tothePacific.tar the defence of much excited, and Be Mid that tome of toe bleb were a n t to Kansas aad pasted ante sVpwsx ds, aad were stored ta Iowa, that a s was aoiasafeAt the end of tots period af service Mr. Pwnington re- signed the .overnoTSc-p and retiirBed to the bar. Preti genr Taylor appctoted htm Governor of Minnesota, whichThe City efheavy westerly gales.THE NEW-YORK HERALDWHOLE NO. 8549,Etoction of Mr. Pennington, of Hew Jersey.MOENIKG EDITION-THIJESDAY^ FEBEUAEY 2, 1860.TWO CENTS. °K BAYUTEB flOIABllwmJttf tWCltwTIE HAVER'S FERRY WVESTItWION, n«ht. He never bad heard a word ahontioaof farces far aaaawsstoa at Harper's Ferry at ISM,1 ,*efl1 of toe vote, and haters tow to oaariact the(ham bateortgianl artociaalsppnlntrd acommitteetowatt uaon Br. eandact ham to the chairMr. Penntagtau a a targe maa.of ftne •ixty \ ears of age. with good address and ta. Chair comamndart the suaaos of theSpauldiag, of New York. JVaser, of New York. Suaton,of Otoo.not sary upon the floor of the Hosne aad at the saatonf tbe doorways and approaches to the Hall, wherein the aajrhtata assrhwcocid be had. Mr. Beaaanjman address was wail dawnwd and ramrrad., Ha has had bat tligdtt e^pertonan to a geBbsrastve body, andHw/ca Mase p<jKrtk1* mc'taed to t^ld him.Giaham, of New York. Grow, of Pennsylvania. Gnriey. of Ohio.Hak, of Pennsylvania Bell, of PenneyIvasia. Baskm, of New York. Be'mKk, of Ohio. Hickman, of Pennsylvania. Hoard, of New York Huejpnrey, of New York HnuhiEE. of OhioTram, ot Massachusetts. Trimh'e, of Ohio. V<<ndever,of Iora.Van Wyrjk. of New York. Verree, of Pesas;ivaate. Wade, or OhioMr Smith, of North Carolina, in jasnee to the war. voted for htm.has IHSSBIIIOII SOBK of them aa<i by pruof that he sever was a Know Nothing.wBximsw m ran Baacnucaaa.Th' c.'T has been wild wtth rsyotetag daring the atght.grvai Bet'-eauity, gentiemi c.t'or y;ur influence in tte new Junkin, of Prcnsylysnla. Woodruff, of Connecticut the Epitcepal and Roman t-fr**~ aaarthnu will be of apuv-', aho bare suffered more torn snaacisJly from tbe eelay JI organizing.might speak aad act tor tte glory sad happiness of theirAwry, of leaaessee. Barksdale, of M>ssi8eippi. Parr, of New Y?rk. Barrett, of Missouri. Bocock. of Virginia. Bonhani. ot -ou^L Carolira. Bouligny, of Loelsiana. Branch, ai North Carouna.Burcb, of California, Burnett, of Kentocki. Clark of New Yori. Clark af Missouri. ClemeDS, of Virgitia. Cobb, of Alabama, t'ochraae. of New York. Cocper, ot Miccigan. Cox,OfOhio.Craige, of North Carolina. Crag, of Missouri. Crawford, ef Georgia. Davidson, of Louisiana Davis of Indiana..Davis of Mississippi. Dejarnette, of Virginia. Dimmtek, of Pennsylvania Edtmusdaon, of Virginia.Landrum.of inasiania. Larrabee, of Wiscuasin. L'ytite, of Wsrioia. LOgan, ttC Ilimois. Love, of Georgia. Martin, 0.' Ohio.Mar LI. , OT Tj-gmia. Macliy . of New York. MsBae. of Mississippi. Millron. cf Virginia. Montgomery, of P inn. Morris, of Illinois. Nelaon, of Tennessee. Niblack, or Indiana Noel, of kLatictiri. Pen-iietcB. of Ohio. Paytoo,ofKentucky Phelps, of Missouri Pryor, of Virginia. Reagan, of Texas.Biggs, of New Jersey. Robinson, of Illinois. Baffin, of North Carolina Rust, of Arkansas.Scott, of California. Sickles,ef New York. Sims, cf Kentucky. Singleton, o: Mtestesfopi. .Smiift,ofVirginia Stevenson, ef Kentucky. Snrwnrt, ef Marytand. Stout, of Oregon.Taylor, e f rTaomaB.of"Underwood, of Georgia Valiaadigbam. of Obio. Whitely, of Delaware. Winalow. of North Carolina Woodson, of BBhsnari.Wright, of Teantrseee.Leach, of North Carelina. tiallory. of Koatuck-y. Jtcore,ofKeateeky. Natean, ef Teanseaw. QvaeaT^F, Of n-Cttsttttdd.Smith, of North Ctroltoa irtokes, of Tennessee. Webater, of Maryland.Speaker Pennington aad Messrs HIIIISSSII sad Bukeompaa^ed by a large company of ciuaens and rmilsntn sf Ji Inatrtct wlUtrd's Hotel was thronged with popple. ac<i me <wE'i«eni* uttered by the Speaker and by Sber- mtc in.-. Hickman wore bold and decided against the ewwyj of the estencdon of sis >sry.r&e*er»uader3procaadodtotheresilienceofB.WinterThe Cuaa having stated that the - uest 00 pec ling wis tthe motion of Mr fherman, that the House prsoeed to vote for Speaker.On motion of Mr. Pnsxw, (dem.) of Mo., there vis a call of the House.Before dm proceedings cnd»r the call wer» -•oniylt'tdd, MrBocockmovedthatMr Clark,ofNewYot'<, beex- cused for nou attendance. He smted ttau a :.;:r.':ir oft) itpiive Mr Barks lale :f the Soor und«r these circum- stsn«tsMr Rtn!ii?Ty,iJt cududed his remarks, saying that if Mr MrCtemaad <tvote was nof increased at the manner sujg' ttcd Mr. PrnniDgion wiuld be ejected. as one gen-vt!<»oan 'Mr Brggs bad declared ho should in a certaifl;inucgt-tc>vutefurhim.Kr MAUJOBV (S opp ) of Ky , asked whether he un-*aboutUcranton,of Penusylvaaia. Sherman, of Ohio.Steatton, of Now Jersey.8t twart, of Pessaytrania. Tapptui, of New amaaashtre. Ttetyer, of Ma«sachusetm, Taeakcr, of Onto. Tjmpains, of (tea).ekal'yposition in whieh T am placed, aad I feel entire confldeuce I shall receive it at your hands. A representative from the Stat: Gf N w Jersey, upon whose soil so many brilhaat achievements were accomplished in the Bevoiutionary war, sad wheat tieople have ever been distinguished for tbetr devotion to the constitution and toe Union, 1 pray to he Great Arbiter of our (testiswo that I amy CMBOact to impair toe integrity of either, but that they, by wise ax 1 prudent counsels, peace and order may yet reign in "ir midst and our free institutions be per- \.tua- •! to our deececdants. I feel I have a nationa* heart, «mb'aciai ill parte of our blessed Union. Again tiiarktng jou fa? your kindnsag, I now enter upon the discharge of the a r ••!..<.« and complicated duties of that station, i.tppatese )Mr. PHIUS, (e>m.) 0:' ^lo . ,*?ic<T tbe oldest consecu- tive member, sdi.^at..o L.n »i*_j to the Speaker by request of tbe (Jerk.The members were Sten SWOT X by delegations. THEariasosGKI>BKOFTUBEOVSE.Kellogg, of Michigan. Ke.'iPgi., of DlinaiE. K^nyci.. of Nrw York. k.igoir Of .'"Jiana.Wood, of Peansylvinia.very imposing character. At Trinity church, m areadway, ar usual on ai.- gnat feast;' of thethere will be full choral service, and the otter exercisessad lessons will also be. of atnen .uwrost- By the Cubelies, however, the day will be cekteratad with the graaaespomp, ae with ibrm it it> cou&dered a holy say af osugation. end cue of the most sotemu rerc*>es fesova's of "toecateaoar. Ii u>ay be stated ateo ttau it at from toe an- cient custom of having the Catholic cn<irchea on tha- day lighted with a vast number of candles that tbe name of Candlema*, or Candle team, in derived. The fea 1 iters* is supposed to have origtoakd 111 toe declaration of Mmeon that oir Saviour was 'to be a light to lighten the Gentiles <* this dav all the cacUies and tapers, whii-ii are tc be burned m the churches darmg the whote yrar rotud are coasecravd by the priests 00 tbe altars, aad effiertogs for that purpose are ac cordingly made by toe people ot every parish t.i their pasters Many persons »ead trverni bji<* »f tbe nseat wits casdtes to the priests, white poor people make r-reaeatc of twoor tiirim camlU-s, aj-cordtet as tarir cir- ci.oittiiiicts u-xy lermiL The U H S of tiie ehuicii pre- scribeWSTcanonsas the quality to be ased. bitbya special diep Lsa»on gmati-d by Archbishop Hugnies,spermK- mecratingti ibute* (hi.- bleeeed tapers to the oardiaala and other kifericr Uigcltaries of the church, who carry thnaa in solemn pr<•<-??; ion tarooah tbe great ball of the Papal palace. A somewhat aiin.Har custom was formerip 00 served in England, bet m 1548 it was prohibited by an order te euonol. To tote day. however. OsaMirmas m made rrauukahie ic Eagiaad by being one of tbe (our termsfo<-toecctiecttogefrestsaad payingofinterest. It aire give? same to a law term in the Bases aawasry, be ginning onto* iteL of January aad -s^tag en the 3d of February High mass will be celebrated in all the Catto he charchcF jast s s on SundayCrrr IMIX'.TOK"^ 0>ncr—Matters so far as tte cisaa-tag of toe streets is eaaceraed, rsataiB pretty sntch toOaiu c a t - that A, (here is BOend to the dirt, and ao ap -pearance ot removing it. to this conditio* to* tars its arelikeiy to stop until tte Goasptro&er recovers from htadoubts or tbe City Inspector assumes the power withouttbe ccacurreucc of ate cflkial brothers. The clerks ef the uepartro. r.t are ta a great fever r# preparing Cot. reinran's report, toe mennacript ef which was asnarety destroyed st the tate fire to ABBstreet to about twelveiiuva it it heeed that the work will he completed rumored that tome oxeassm are to be maseta tbe jof the department, aad that the presentef the Fourth wnra are to be removed to make way for ethers.TBE PASoatau or Dn. KaaarS ancnt* tbete.;l:-U-iul•'•:•%Ctoti,SSJdtehave cftheiaieTr.Kanr amrag hta Aretki-cid yesterday b; Henry B. Herts, Jr.,auctioneerwere iiui me re LLat a dcicn persons pretest at tte sate, u. 1t).e ffisnina wbkb or finally cost fio.oSP, was soldto a Mr l->*i«i fer t H * The same geetteman par- rhattu the ,.:g iiah for toe sum of aA*. Tito ante did aet cccuj j noit itaa twenty nunute*.Firrmuiv v.v x BoiitcK —One of the boiiers of the balance dry deck, al The foot of PIkr atr et, exploded yes- «;eTd»r aft TT' ^n. about fiv? o'e'ock mating a total wreakby being in charge of an aottladthat Userequire bis attendance bare for New York m a day or two..TOhawsoStBOWstand*. Letm>: askthese samegaa- handledanteBSTsntsiu wiBsteethim. 1 hare said,asI aaergnalsed until tte lett of ths* month, when Roberttoey toiafc. by going for a mac who fa mated htfons, that I coato vote for him. Per general ap- M. T. Hunter was elected Speaker, John Quteeyr, sad who ia ar old Hue what. tarent reasons I could not vote for the otherhimself, they do sot demoralize cand-,oat#.. MT Sherman, and had I done no he Adaam te tbe meantina: having bean cheese tesapornrybefore the committee to day. Beeuaid am have been elected, to the vote I am chairman. On the 17th tte nwmhers of tte House werea.-.ui:? to gr»e, 1 desire tt snail be distinctly under eworn te, with toe exception of toe see membera frcmor afterward, aad did not know that Howe bad seat his totter to Browa.Rcalf says that so liar from Wilton hotof at all impiiask htm whether Mr. Pennington has given bim a pled?-? bow be will constitute tbe Committee ot w»ys and Means? Xaegentkmaa from Ohio (Mr. fJsnsaj) said the other day when slavery was profitable to a warm climate he would prove*;- sat if, accorosag to the republican thcorr slavery • wrong in saorals. It can goaowhere. landeranswer m the poaiu : manner be expected.THBroBTT-rorHTF tsn ns-u. BAILOI FOHTax graaxBniMr The vote was then announced as follows:—William Pennington, with Alexander C. M. Pennington, who wse sJen bora is New Jersey, sad was a repreeenta- tivc in Congress from that State from 1923 to less.Annlysis ofthe. Vote far Speaker. The following shows the vote for Speaker ia detail —rax an. rxxBonrrm.The exaggerated account of York money market slightlyThe London Dotfo Nhm dantectly ley did net come to Landca on any brought no prephtBtos whatever frets meat.commit any tBagsl act op to the tone when he (Beau*) man can get my vote to beat the ropabhesas, no matterleft him. Mr. Wilson testified that bo sever saw Brown who be is I vote for Mr. Miles. (laughter.)Mr. McCkmand. of nimcis, democrathat oaee, ia 1IM, at Boston, when Brawn remarked to htm, "Too are the maa who sifters in opinion wish m*;"to-day. and wJl appear to morrow atornaig.WiasuoKn, Feb. I, I960, Mr CUT , (dem.) of Am., ottered a ramiutioo caihsg on toe President for information in regard t. proposals forheating too Gapttsl, ACA message was received from the President sackaang a statement of the fees paid at the Consular ofltoea.rax 00 nxuxaax osnenaa.Mr. Haia, (rep.) of M. H., mtroiuced a resolution thatto inquire of aayiag the ssaman of the army ainstead of allowances.(rep.) of towa, moved an amendment toAdopted.sMaannmai ayfami.Mr. Pnthl lanalanaaa retaave 10 therspssrng «f acertain portion of the lawsI of Mow Mexico and Ui laid on toe table for toe piTauoaum TOTBS ractncMr.Swot, (dem,)ofCai,introdaced aWDgrantingtberight of way to a certain party for a iine of tategraph to BBSPiMll«Tan tanaittmi or naooian.Mr. Bant, (dean.) of Moan., introduced resolutions thatthe Committee on Territories be instructed to report a bill for too etaanaaaann or the Territory of Iwccian.ma soc5Suutna) on smaumA,Mr. GaaaB moved as an ameadaaaat that so much ofannexed to Nrhrasks Laid over.Mr. Brown* resananan was laid over till tomorrow •lbsWjjmiMQwm, Feb. 1, ISoO. 10 tan mnown oa oa>cn.Adams, of Massachusetts. Adrani. of New Jersev. AIdrich. of Mtenesota. Ailey. 01 Maassitoaaetto.K'Lunger of Penuryivan>a.Leach, of Michigan.Lee, of New York.Longnecker.of Pennsylv'aLoomis.of Cmaeeticut.Lovejoy. oftlliaois.Marston, of N. Hampshire-McKean, of Ne.w York.McKsight, of PenneyIrania. serioua iilncts of Jadge togersoU, who had sank to tew McPberton, of Pennsylv'a.The proceedings were opened with prayer by Babb:BaphneJL It abounded with fervently express*:! patriotic of tbe proceedings to show the eo)«»mo contract as laidand religious sentiment He implored Divine btatatag todown by Mr. Burnett, to die effect that if yesterday the House w*w!d adjaurn his friends would to-day vote for Speaker without Cher delay than t caU of the House 10FOR MX XCtXXXSAUDA l l e n , o f QL10. Janes, of Georgia.Anders is., of Missouri. Kunkel. of Uarytssd. Ashirore, of *-*th Carolina. lamar, of Mississippi-direct the Boons hi tte election of a Speaker who maym r the election of apaahwr. Mat parantoated m by all preside without favor and fear, sad that the members areeratai abetter all the democrats are ;rreBent; sad inthis tbe demonatic side acquiesced.Mr. BjHKso.iii-1-aiit he wan not viobuaig any agreementtc »p*ai;i!r. Tfap rote uad already bees uken.the CLSKX remarked that Mr 'Barksdale had buaied t»i. ;i>or ''j unaaimous ijssent A: nsai-3 h a ex^.tnst:jn. mat:wcre wreaadwd to WUtartfn by Withert Band, ac saTBaananai PUPJL&ATOKY TO TBS RATTJX FOB smiOMrir. He S"tg"**»rt ta Mr Ciifai tiat he was tardl; in oriercommon country. ed attention.The prayer wen astaned to with markMr. Wi5Rtm, trep )c" il«.. ;tfered a resolution that Divs but aid not und bim at hesae. They then) pro geatlemen were absent, and that ms motive _B making dprstord Mr Barksdale to *ay that Mr. McCternand could the rules of the Thirty -flftn Congress be adopted for thec<ir. *i ihojt one oclock, to tow residence ofMr «o-ym anJ ca.ied htm out of his bed, and be responded in a ij-e-r, magn. utalory to ate visiters that a republican S .'.**• r tm>i Been eleetol, and that the Union wan not O-MWT d He declared, to the mom mtmistaksahto tan f ...if<. dw purpoaa of the rapwhltoli party to epdois antf^y 'iam th.- fetntortas, and toprsaarre the gmaran tees of the s. netnatton aud ton Cntoa, and to elect a re 1>i . c . President that year.themotionwastogm>themusetoarrive.Tbe House deemed the question #? yeas and nays.Mr BOCOTK moved that all fortcer proceedings underthe call be datpesntd with, aad jemanded the yeas and aays.Mr. 8HXXHA3 said that these dilatory motions ware not to accordance with the agreement !ast night.Mr SniTB. (dem.) of Va., watted to ask a question of Mr. Mcrra. m Paansylvanm.Mr. Gaow rose to a pemt of order, that Mr. Burnett, is undertaking to speak for hts arte of the House y ester lay. had said that toe democrats wonid, without debate, coabeelect*i byacomoaiationc. thedemocraticaadSouth AiD-'ncsn Tot.^s*Mr BJRWI Aia— I ray i y rich a cnlon Mr. PeEaington can "••' lifii'atV'i.Mr. MiuoRi—Y-. E^ite ;our epJuon. Do you lay JOB kT.«w it»Mr Bi»BTWP.<tn—T ray as the vote rands nowMr MJIU'-HT—Can the •remoaats place Mr McCiernand in s piiaiiicE that he can ot elected by Sooth American vnusr- Mr. 3.iniH>..ix— H= can be placed i t a position to de- feat Mr rVanrntton.Mr -BTHM.N made the p-rnt that ail this iisccasicn wae out cf or<ier.MrBin»i,'thatMrKeittaa<lmadeaU-,c-rablechow for Mr. Femiiiieton.government 01' th:.-: Bouse, and ih£t a committee of five, consisting of the Speaker md four others, report from time to trme such amendments as they may think proper.Alter a rjnr.rag debate u e r»so)Utios was adopted. reav emes armomuTiosi BTU.Mr. PBXLP«« here asked leave to introduce a bill making appropriations to iupp'y the dedtienciea of toe Post Office Department.cautijM a r e allowed the sovereign poatiOin ' this province to performs tin- canseAU th- speeches were eatoastasttaalry applanded, and sent to proceed this morning u a vote. With this under- steer atter cheer were given tor Pannington, Sherman, Staadtag the repuoacans csaesnted tn adjourn.Mr. FnaTna, trap-) of N. Y ., onhred a resolution, that acommittee be ap|Kiinted to inform the Senate of toe elec English, of Indiana. tion of a -»peakTr and that toe Bouse were ready to Florence, ofHerman Grow, ItaTta aad taw Unton.swaaa-.r Cameron totrssniosd Saanton* Paaamgton to thepeople, and dtaoWgnished cttosng fromal pwsest sad rwtawstl » Snucuaanmr tanTbrHouaradjonrnednnW Friday, aaa npiMlmki da.fcrag to hotd -mogjCns K may1 sw issettto thosaatter of k vteciiadly ahead tor the«Jso#aow,of Saw Fork, wtllhafor the other (dneea there a n Baton uaemamty eatata n a m wan willAH (ha BKmaera of the Beans who rotod tor Mr. Fwa-1 ether elective oaaashi of that body.MrBt'axsTT,(deau•ofKy.,remarkedthatwhenhe asade the saggemton, he naderstosd there was a general acquiescence in it, *ith the understandtrig that before %Mj fijUtKHPAiB—Is Mr Hn.i—Ne.h eacceptable?proceedtobusiness.rax curesSHIP or mx norsn.Mr WISBI-OW, (dem.) of N C , said, before tost conld be done they most elect a Clerk.Fouke,ofDJtaote. Garrett, of Virginia. GartreH, ef Geerg-a. Hamilton, of Texas. Harris, of Virginia.' aasnan,.,,••, aaBoteler,ofVirsinta. Hardeman, of GeorgiaMayuard.ef Tennessee. Vance, ef Berth Camhnator Speaker was takes, there should be a call of lactrep' of Onto, nadeatood that there a representative of a alaveholding canansnaatey would beMr Sana, ofTa., moved thai John C. ABen, the lateCkik, bt deoMfed Clerk ef tte yraaant Congreas, aad Hawkins, of Florida.Mr B-utasn^ia said that if Mr. Penantaton was elected aa dtorwaawn ahen they met hers to Jay. Was retpoetiW* for «. But tn the vote of Br. DavM, ofmoved toe previous question.The i-maxxn SSHJ, a s Mr. Fenton s resolution w a s pend-ing, he conld not eatertoin tte question.Mr. nsuri iitaniki l.lhs! under the rules adopted to-day Mr. Allen nwuld contiaue UI a Clerk was elected.Mr Hoisrea—The law says what we shell do.Mr. Sassaux BBored, that when the House adjourn it betill Friday.Mr. Bt-asarr— Let us pass the Post Office Appropriationbillbeforew*eaten1ti-The Sraaxxn announced that Mr. Fenton's reaatotteais order.Various gentlemen on the democratic side hadBtodaaaa, ef Arkansas Hotmsn, of indtesa, BoostOBf c* AJBUMSBBBBS* Howard, of Onto. Bashes, of Maryland. Jasaacn. of Georgia. Jenkins,' of Virginia.FOX sat Adams, of Kentucky.ABUemtn.of Kentucky.Br stow,'of Kentacky. FJheridge} *x" Tennessee. Harris, of Maryland Batten, of Tennessee. Hdl, of Georgia.B stnetry en toe tq>iare that the gentle>hun from Virginia should span ep debate by propounding a question/Mr.Saamt ot Va..repite:mat?twas»«caas«gentlemen wareest sxaeily anthesquare, fir waaas 1tinask • anaaatoaMr. Bownua. (eat-) of A i t . sail be vasteruay ex preasjy objected to any inchA Teuna from the republican side, "Nobody here heard yon.1'Mr.Borrros—Thatwasnetmv anIt.Mr. ktosnus, (A. L. dem.) of Til., wished to know whether tbeee lemarls were te 11 ttequestion had been aemanded ?Mr Joan COCBSASX, idem. J of N Y , said !f that was not the general understanda c it was at least the aataananmeaan oa the r«put>;ican stie tor consenting 10 an m'tettranseal,aadoughttoberespected.The Baase deeded to proceed to a Tote.MiStorm,ofVa.,wantedtoknowwhetherhewaste order Or nstrTa* txanx replied ho thrnght the gentleman had aban doned the Sour.Mr. s-ana sant he had ant.Maryland, Mr. Pennington ccull not be atocted. That g-ut!rman, toe, was a member of tte American partyMr. Saaxauje again called Mr. Barksdale to oraer, and raid that ;f there was power in the House he should tostet «* enforcing it.There was much confusicn throughout thaw proceed lags. VMr. Mooaa. idem.) of Ala., began to speak.Mr.itoBBBtaa—Does thegentieaaaa proposetochange hi& vote*Mr Mooaa—Von have BOright to ask that question.Mr. SHXRM.I>—1 enter my sntemn proton against the grntlrman mating a speech.it teMr. Stiuizajuf, (rep.; of iduo, roee te a point of order.The Bouse, having ded ted to proceet to a rote, no one drawn his object*TM. It will facilitate the ballot.to get geatlemen out of difficulty. mingled with ertes far order.wna-rew tie motton.. PWtotfly *»»tJed.one inter fere with that order.Mr. Snrm sail these proceedings were all founded inBe meant te go en wun nis remarks.wished to knew whether the House bntattted to eneewte to) orders?Mr. SBBXBagam attempted to address the House. Mr. tteaausTof B t , esrsestiy called bim to order.mn^aauonasf panFt' Wheathe aaene efMr. Moons—I ask no favor. 1 will not be indebted to himTbe Cixax said Mr Moore could assign reasons forcna»<rir.£ his voteMr. Sanmu.T with, (aa*. understanding withdrew his ob-jectionMr. M W -, denied that those who had acted with •ad ta say degree contributed to the election.a republican. If rthera would agree he would sitMr tn Order a t ami Mr. HIU .reached, be rmv toMr.Btnmw, (**»ofCite,Bafttill the tth of March, 1M1, before he wouldbean oil tne Speaker's chair, but he wassot be. accompHtbed. He had the highestsect for Mr McCteraand, but dttfered with ltimonan im- portantquestion FromtheBBBBMBBBI,asshownhere. seated that h s vote with alt tte scattering ones could taMb.seta taSattfl- fm •-«".»* *T.7» * •«• Threevea:s»T" m*setterenineti|,*Ma *r-1 *605*Sf, * 9txm ceniegciu•.•uiistoal,esv.|r1jr ^rWr-T i'orBTXXXTH Si a%eocUtl >t--!e."iajpsrtef W C WUros/Bl _tcmbrr tK..-.5gtr-irtott %rsi FitierrtsY street, tsnt alas ton tests eaaange to MT KtleyStTbe«nwito the steak tacaThe fire U _ fataatetj in the grceahtnst.Fto* m Srnrtx 1 twelv* eytcrtt, t tweand a half rtcty of Me. 39 Ppiaeefertur. r rf tTSSk fiLutkii; the hyiS t __men exlir gutsaeSnto asmlabor. Ttie bwtMtea* wawnot, perhaps, Bn»reB»»ny detliuyed ayson tbojrelBd, tem^tW he cemlJ net proceed without wonM he toany contiageacy elect Mr. McCteraand. voted for Mr. Bnyce.Mr. Bara, (dem.) of Miss., Mr. McCternand, but forMr. FtoBsyns bad been governed by to votirg for Mr. McOeraaad.B evtoaxton te u » spirit of She a«reeiaeat . toroayMr. Ci_utx thentoe qiisattim of "slavery in thehe voted ior him as a (e*nv)efmto yee-eailed him to orderPray, gflntlemen bow do yea staad ? For sigh: w*tkayou have made an ettort to elect your soinuiat oa, af>t yonntaed. Ton failed ia your effort to adopt tan atoraUt-. eervativwgean ef any party. when my veto aueaf tMct, tat an of BsatSBser; tot a eeBSweuence of toetterk re rote. Yenwvreobligedtotakesownyonrmarwhoa*" with the Hoiper ussnphlet and adop a man who ;s in favor of the Fug-wv*ia order ante the gatorassent might be mueewd. tte time hat ante cease when I caa do so. Goreraor Pen- BtefWiB BOWhas oae hondred and sixteen TO-OS, ar I onefontof toeaiitteaam• ef tte fire New Jersey tte Bowsby the aflTiJauoaf The suooeasor of Mr. 611 dings supports hire Mr. iEeitt wanted to know waatter Mr. rVnnmgtee had riven Mr. Morns, of r^asylTaaia.at St.»c#, dan* Sr..vtd imparfyy to all secCiaa of toe country, that toonswho *?£ sonar** for the want 01' their joat dues may berelieved, **at the wheels of gr.-ercnient amy not atop,and to restate Peace and quiet to the saoatry. For threedays I have held the orgsnaatica of this House in mysaxd*. I eia t o kmger, if J would, take toar responsfbiliiy, bat I wsa deterniiaed to do so until Ihad discharged every honorante obligatton I had made.A*are of tie responsibility which 1 ansumn in «-» appointment toe aesate oondrmed. He declin. i that the 13th, aa** conxeuueitry ariasx one dayWayssad Means'' It was due to tte House that ir.-~ cratte partywhen they vmed for a member of my party- were sign •.,: by Geveraor Prnamgles—the '*bread sea!*' te ton Senate csnffber, tetredaeed hauelf, and m- question should be answered. The Speater t chair t u Mr. SmMb. ef North Carolina—and do not endorse sH the ef toe State ef New Jersey, easae forward and demandedthat be (Forbes? bad bees employed by not to be woo by traffic. The gentlemen from Nw> principle* ef the gentleman for whom I am about to vote.to go to Kansas to drill some forces ia 1*7 that Chrohna {Mr ^mttfc) had said that JT he shotT'd go late I am, as I have said from the first, an American, and a as their right te be eworn. This g»v« rise to a new andthe Speaker's chair it mast s o with his hawtfs untie-?.- an-' mt-mber oraee artless! American Union party, but l give * paid aim for bistraobte, that bis (Forbes) that toe sower or the House sbc-id BO: be w»n«d far" Br.y vet* to ajfmTrman whom I am assured will act feirfeThe11, arrivedremily mas starving ta Europe, aad that vat men ID tie benefit of any parheoiar interest. Had that pledgeb*«n gtvtn by Mr. ftaWOfhaVMr. Osxs»8 ao^.-tef » uterrogatiag the candidate c Ihe repnb imn* Be had taken a similar position, when gentlemen on the republican aide had 100101 to intern fat' the -randidate on his own.Mr. FxoanrrK, <<tem.) of Fa—Bat the gentleman from Sooth Carolina has sot asked the repabScan canuidate the samaaa.Mr. Craaanm Psadmg a vote so one has the right u ssbmi* interrogatories to anybody.animated debate, which lasted unti the 2tot. whwi the Heme cnupleted for orgnnisai'.-.n by tbe etectioc of a Clerk, and on the following day President Van Buren sent to his annual M»«ssg».here about ttorty -su York about Wednesday text.toe Last wholaaaaaoafbideatuaced Brown aad otter*.a a d contributed to pay bim. B emoney v a tas taken oat of hi* to aaa border diA- aad that Browa by going intohad contributed anna for dafeaee ia sat of Brown « bands, and pkias reliable men in that Territory, whoiyaamtfardefence. Be IT theasarms should he madtorfusts* purpose?it maald brrern aat men who bad contributed them ia trouble. Or.Howeaaaaaaaaaaywrotebackthaianorder had been sett ta Browa to deliver op thos-j arms. The matter pawed eat sf his sated, aad ho supposed alldoing, Mr. fkrk, I aow withdraw my vote from Mr. Mc riprnaad, of Illic.^s, and cast it for Mr. WUham Penning,koser, however, and snosher subasquect!y ten&rwi by Mr. Fillmore, without any sohcitaaoa, as one of toe' Judges to Etsttle the c'tiTPS under toe Mar--an tesnty.bt coaseating to become senndidare forCangrea--he yielded to toe wighes of his U tends. He was aieetod by toe "j-eopie'e party," asd repreaenMi the Fifth Ooagres tk>ESl district of New Jersey, whfeh H componed of the counties of nesex, Budsto and Cntoa, betef sjeeted m ISM over Jacob B. Wonenxiyae, toe ensssai attc eaniflaste, by the followjtg vote .—from snrope. _BT TSLSanAltT TOOjtBBmilllWW.Mr. Rrrrr—fbave not ashed theqeetrlOE of anycan- tan, ofNew Jersey. (Prooaged applause.)didate.Mr. axioms—as I didcot understand the questionSenator Douglas stood at the desk, watcuiug Mr. Brings ourtng the whute of his remarksImpaaeatenes af •• Proeiaim tlie vote."Mr. Sxaxian icse to request, in view of the ancaiii:e- wtvt row Bbo-u to be made, that there be no .lemon- strationa of •snMause., Mr Muaam. of Fa., wished to say, in tesfcee to Mr. caith. of Berth Car.unn, that that gentleaatt, IB eav ciiEiBg topar Jus a pledge as to how he would ounattaito the Cemmiaee of Ways and Means, said at the same time that be would givenopledgetoanvside. (Criesfrom •be <\fmocrahV. si e—'• That is right; nobody on tote sideA rumor m cut reat that the of February.Pi—, Ian *f«n toe Ifthwithdraw my objectionMr. Perm, (rep.} of Ind., renewed it.Mr. ajans—It is too mots' remarkable thing ia to-(laughter;—that it is out of order to ask whether BBharn a pleage or net.CmsfromtherepubtfcanridetoMr.Keittof"Goor" "(Soon. 'Increased coafeekta.Mr.rsint—I object toanypersontaking thefloorfor the purpose of replying.Mr. Finaas-T^-iry ooUetgoe (Mr. MorriflJ can reply when hw aame is called.Another rumor te to the eanet that ed his potitten at Stims.BMan*reportedthata treatyef concluded between FiaaneThe rentes have advancedattaf. 7*c *. 13 lateMr kxm— if i bad not been invited by Mr. Morr e to tbe prorrctire no! T He understood him to be for inci- make the inquiry T should never have thought of it. i dental pn tictAJo, but at the t:ui- the gentlemen tel notcated,itwaabewhopatitoatofthepowerofBrowato standMr.Penningtontotakeexactlythatground. Am- Mr.Pennington,ofNewJersey,repubL^ahi/thing to say, and toe proceedings generally were disor- TheCixBKItoMr.Moore)—Personal explanationsean- derlynot be indulged in except by general consent Mr.Mooaa—I.ton'tacknowledgetoerightofthegentle-man to interrupt me. Mr»nr*irA\—Iinsistuponmypoint. Iwillnotwith-draw my oojeetioa.Mr Mooaa- The gentleman has no right to be snarlinglwre.TfieCuax said Mr. Sherman had a right to object.Mr. Cex. (dem ) ef Ohio—I ask my coileafne to with-Mr Buwncuis said that Mr. Fenton's resolution ought to be passed. Be appealedtoha)democraticfriendato withdraw their objections.MrFa stta,(rep)of11L,movedthattoeBoast adjourn until Prater. »Mr. Kxrrr 'in a tone that could not mi! to be heard)— What's year reason for that smtion?Mr FtmeswoBajs—I'll not give m yrow am. OOTB OT TOnTR CASAtflUBXTiaaaTJOBnv i,(Am)ofX.T.(whowasoneef toetel-Jeetfor the purpose of changing my vote. B thatwrr^ '-—Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069m Irhtoy was carried by Ua repnb- eeaatThe SFTUsxn rapped repeatedly and called the House to order.Mr. Monma, ef Fa., moved that the House adjourn.Br. CLBsnen protested against something, bat what it was,waslostmstentoriancriesfororder. Hesubae- queotly said he mas eadeavortog to call tte Hooae back to a sense of lis owndtoadty. tt was a question of genlk- manty courtrsyMr. Bcaami salted Br. Ctomens to order, as a motion was pending to sajoarn. Therefore, it was not in order to debate or call bark tte BouOe to to) dsjBSnp.Mr. Srav»a rose to move that when thett be until Friday, when he was called to order from tte to •»IDCCTBVmilCmattfliThe Hmanna etotedCries of - CeJllhe roll." •• Cal^Jto rolL-Moore, of Alabtma.CawdtoY&xMr. Feinirngtos.. Mr. McClemand. MrGutoerMr. Smith, of N. C. Mr. Crawford... Mr.Mr. StovesseBMrMr. Miles...Mr. Boyee..ton nx. soTcs. IttrjArTrOATlOX.injared w*# »eaiatea taJ*',*m*t0f ^J^S? * who was tauaii-g- ° s e of the Iragxataas exmyself and counter, sad te foBtwatch Thave made, that TcenM vote far any sound can-telast, Thenrstas men of that Cnagrattstood that I do sot give ap my own party prefe-that early in stay. 11*8, Mr. Forbes came to hm say pteege how be would consinuts toe Cesrmittee on rences any more than did the gentlemen of tte demo New. Jersey, who, exhibiting on thair certHtoatot wtocfcasked it.") He merely wiahetl to say thai be did not im- -Ptnatogton.republican Wortendyke, democratU,atl t,»»aTbe London itotfy JTean (Oty Article)Court broke up without the annoonceanent ef anpugn the gentleman s prmci^les. so far as oaaaswted with :Pennington's maiorityPersons sboutd not confound tbe newly elected Spoaker, in the rate of discount.Whole nnmbcr present f233 Necessary for a choice . J / . . .117117 86 Mr 6:fm#r, of North Carolina, Souttero opposition... l« The announcement of the result was followed by ap-plause.Tbe CMBK declared Mr Pennington elected Speaker ofMr Lairs. (S. opp ) of N c . satowhsn dsmoeratein a mans vote tor Mr. McCteraand he would do so, but cot before.Mr. Santa, (dem.) of Va., t^ort T%bng, wanted topnt* Petuen to Mr Mbfri*, & Fenn. It was, whether theinterrogatory to Mr. Smith of North Caroima, as to howbe would constitute tbe Committee of Ways and Mean?,propounded by Mr. Morris, was sot made until after Mr.Smith had been elected? And he wahed to know whether their shoots of order. He said he desired to be heard, Blair, of Fenneyivania.the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Gilmer) had not and was agaia called to order is as load and deafening Blake, of Ohio. laid,stwasreported,thatbewouldratherhaveacua- tonesasbefore.Hewastedtoknowwhatthepointof Btayton,ofRhodeIsland. Mocrhead.ofPeansyfvanta.The telegraph between tte has been succestfuuy bud.the House.Mr. BrsDxan, • dem.) of Ark., rose to call toe attention Ashley, of Ohio.C i t y lanBSBBtojemee. wxiors it'jrpw or Jmes ISMBMJU—Mr.of the country to some facte connected with the election, but was met by Ir.mi and prolonged cries of" '-order ' He tasteted that he was tn order tbe republicans renewelBabbitt, uf Pennsylvania. Beale.of New York. Bingham, of Ohio.of Jucge Betn:, arrived te tote cny from New Haven yea- •erday mori<iig, and brings the aad intelligence of thelervauve republican for Speaker than vow for a demo- order they retard was, but the only response Was -'Or- Briggs, ef New York.Morrill, of Vermont. Morse, of Maine.Miiiward, of rennsvivania.Tut Wtjiaaa.—The sudden aad severe rhiago m tbe weather which we have experienced has been toe almost universal topic of conversation oncratMr. GnarsR, (3. opp) of N C—I answer with pleasureI sever said any surb'thiajrjb. a s a - I Tvta tor Mr. Medemand.Mr. BAXXKIUIX, (dam) of Mies , said be voted forder,'' '-Order/' Buffiaton, of Massachusetts. Mr. Gnow,(rep.i of P a , elevating his roiae to the Bvrlirgame. of Mass.that geaiteman, with the assurance that if the wholedemocratic vote was given for htm he might be elected:bnt he desired tu a y , in so casting his vote, that he hadno intention tn endorse Mr Met lernand's squatter sove-reignty views, for he believed it was the duty of the gov- of that duty, and escorted bim to tbe chair.ernment to throw around all species ef property ha broad •bield of protection He asked Mr Leach, of North Caro- ima, whether, if all the democrats vote for Mr. McOer uend. ail the votes of toe geaalsBBanw party would be green to tetorMr. IntcB replied be was sincerely desirous of defeat- ing the republican candidate. B e could act say whether his political friends would all rote tor Mr. McCteraand or net. It was the duty of tte democrat.? themselves first to unite on thai gentleman. In that event he would vote for himMr. Grurnt said it wag*utterly impossible bysucha combination to elect Mr. McOernand, and made the csicu- lat; -n to prove the truth of his assertion.Mr. nUaamuus replied that by a concentration of votes Mr. Peantogtan ceokl be defeated. Beatdis, Mr.Stall- worth will be here ia a few days, and may be to-day. tooer these circumstances would notthegentleman from North Carchna vote for Mr. McOernand?Mr. Gruren replied he would, bat it would do no good.Mr. B.4RK$t>.uE—1 understand the gentleman to state 1 distinctly tha be would not change b:s vote even if by I so doing be could defeat toe election of Mr. Pennington.Mr *iu XBR—! said no such thing.Mr. BtRKmiix—If Mr. Ponsmgton should be elect*! J on that boitet toe gentleman aad those who refuse to ' vote for Mr Medemand will be responsible for Mr. Pen-ataftea s etcotion.Mr. **L\MOI, (opp.) ef N. T , objected to the gentle-i ntea'siweeeeotDg.Mr. Hiii, lS. jjip } of Ga., said the result for Mr. Pen-sragton would be the same no mauer for whom the votes ! i>ot given to him were cast. The result would 09 tte same as.i* all the S'latterlng vot»>« -vere casttor Mr. McCUsrnand. Mr. Cotr*x, (rep ) if Ind., read from the official reportAnnaxes or an. PSSM>GTOT.The Srxaxxs* aatid a quiet that stirongiy and delightfullycontrasted with the excited and disorderly proceedings which previously prevaded. spoke as foUows:—Gnrnxms 0* m a Bocsa ot BarnanasT-iTrras—I returnyon my grateful acknowledgments for the <!fetinguisted ho-nor you have bean pteased to confer upon me in electing mcSpeaker of that Bouse. Coming here for the first time atthe present Beamon, to be aasnttatod with you as a member, no event could have been more untooked for thanthat T IbouId be called upon to preside over your delibera-tions: and my friends will do me the justice to say that Ihave not sought the posilteu, as I certainly never desiredit. 1 am, aevettheiesB, as oonactous of the dignity andimportance of this high office as any gentleman canbe. bet should hare been far better pleased had its dutiesbeen entrusted to abler and more experienced bands.After witnessing the almost iBsirmoantabie obstacles inthe way of an organization of this Bouse, I came to toeconclusion that any gentleman of any party, woo cjuldcommand a majority of rotes for Speaker, was bound indeference to tbe public exigencies to accept tte respunsibdny as an act at patriotic duty, whether it was sgreeahte1 1 Tin •• 11 nial BanftiigB m net As that ehates haaaaex-pectediy feBasSpen me, ! ha«e not heaitated to accept ii.In the esecutton ef toia high trust, my object will be to doDavis, of Maryland.Dawes, ci MsasachusettBDelano, of Massachusetts.1 men, of New York.Dunn, of Indiana.Kitgerton, of Ohio.Edwards, of N. Hampshire. &A vttte. of Pennsylvania. FJiot,otMsseacbusetts.kty, of New York,rarsswertb, ef IlHuciaFenton, of Mew York.Ferry. of Connecticut.Foster, of Maine.Frank, of New YorkFrench, of Maine.•jocch, of Massachusettsrsgh*gt often, said—"A Speaker having been elected, Bornham, of Oonnechcuu Mornr, of Pennsylvania. every side Batty remarks on toe state of thenothing is in order till be has been conducted to the chair. ' (Cries of ' Ibat's so-—"Let him Ukehia plac;.?'The CLERK sustained Mr. GroWs suggest:.-*), and ap- pointed Messrs Boceck and Sherman to conduct lfr Pen- nington to the chair.Burrougtjg, ef New York. ButteTiicid, of New York, (xmpbell. of Pennsylvania- Carey, of "binCarter, of New York. Care, ot Indiana.Colfax. ef Indiana. Conklmg, of New xerk. Corwin, of Ohio.Covode, of Pennsyb anta Curtir. of Iowa.Nixon, of New Jersey Ohn, of New York. Palmer. 01 New York. Perry, of Maine.1'ettit, of Indiana.Porter. of Indiana.Potter, of WscoBsmPottle, of New York. Reynolds, of New York. Rice, of Mass*;Hu«eu.- Robinson, of Khooe island Royoa, of Vermont. Schwarm, of Pennsylvania Sedrwick, of New York. Sonaee, of Maine.weather would be passed from one friend to another as they reeogniimd each otter in the streets, sad they would hurry en their wny, sextons to thaw their bands and feet before the fire. Tuesday, overcoats and fare looked out of place, and were really a burden ta theiraad everybody predicted a coriteanance of too t weather; bat, abut! for humeri b-->pae, the prophets wore sadly disappointed, mmA February was ushered in by a snow atorsi, bringing with it toocoldest weather we have had for a month, aud the sleigh bells again jingle in tne streets, and will until "toe ntlng; ef tbe street; " or the moesaact travel will coo vert waas is now fiovr ink) mud aad slush. At an tUustration of tbe severity of the change ia the Jtate of the weather we give the figures at which the theratoaaeter stead st aaT- frrent Ileum nc Tuesday end tbe name oa Wednesday 1— Oa Tuesday at 7 A. M. it stood at 36 degrees, at 12 M ta 46 degrees, at 3 P. M, at 49 degrees and at a F. M. at 41 ccgretf Yesterdav morning it was—at 7 A. M. 8 degrees, at 12 M. U degrees, aad at 3 P M U degree* Tbese obeer vativae were-all token down towa, whose aaa wind has not th.- same power to aftrct the mercury, but up town, worn- rverytttor " metre 1 taumd, the • s u w i j was as low a* six degreea, wfateb makes it toe col teat any we have had thin «inter, with the one exception of January 2. wbeu the merrarv stood at 7 A If as tow as four de meet EtilL the coil at present M mere keenly felt, to cousrqur cce 01 toe great contrast between yesterday and tbe day before Tbe change is received with joy by those woo have mvestru their spare funds m skates, as it will so coubt c&urc a return to that sport WUKL earEonabl; mild weather had stepped far toe uSae CuriAiMjts. est ran Pt'iurtc-irssw en a a s IBBBBBB) V Bbin—This day being C«o«lu»«n, or the Feast of the Purification of the Blessed Virgta, the eerenvwrfes atThese gentlemen at once entered upon the performancemy duty with toypartiahty and justice to all. IshaU have lrvtne, of New York.Waldroc, of Michigan. Walton, of Vermont WwannnrB. of Wissenajn. Wassfosrse. of ntioost. Washt ira, i f Mains. Wells, of New York. • tViboc, cf Indiana. WimJom. of MianeeotaMr. ara^Bsa. (rep.) of Pa.,obtected.The STSLUIXB satd a o legislative transacted until a Clerk was elected.businesscouldb eMr. Hutx—I What earn heMr. alien set as Clerk until one Mr. 6acw interposed a point of order.son art. n'otxamawsham,ef South CaraCna. Mdes, of Santo Carohoa.rox an STXVBSSOX. Boyee, ef Sooth Carolina.rox n x XTHxaniiE Gilmer, of North Caroima.rox nx. nzus. Keitt, 01 south Caxotiaa.torn ns. BOCSTUK. atfiCfernand, ef flmois.was electedMr. Cunsk* hoped that jreaUemen would aeats, and tailing to do so that tbe Chair would ate authority s a l Btaignsta gentlemen by name 1 oat of order.theirUntitled Documenthead, owned s y Mr. Joseph R. Basaett, was dnstroyed by \ begat teaClopton, cf Alabama. Curry, of AlaUmaMcQueen, of sooth Caroliaa Pugb, of Alabama,There• FOX M L CRAWTOSn\I.,UII'--;I-»MJIP:U•wps<«PRICEShe reports havteg seen sat very bstto tot.Tbe Qty of Manchester tett rjiiinnstaBt at 4P. M e tthat his death was momentarily expected.ceremony himself,after which he dts-ot thebcow TT, which*was rtecaswl Theonry]> 1 aa*kaDS* tbemesaawawc — ^_> _^L^irACiBfWT OlMsmc,--lheB^ht Of toe short t*,»ebeatetesawTow ^••"• * ** j lbaveaow diseJatafefi every ooatatae otrm me with. 1 «. ifr—— and gonaattency, tad asm Bsw m a tv trii ftfwww.fultonhistory.comIrwstt "am. Ateo, aha eawkst hsnssynfe. t^Jte- I a t Lot* from St.JSt tet»,OSS FaHy IWW.D».i<>ni ' m wbttn BBBB ia«» •— . . p ^ j ^ imr 