 -coun-.protectrightor TBI sciT, and they rightly apply to you, Mr. Prek- dent, who ff/one, as plaintiff, can direct its discontinu- ance.The Attorney-General makes other mistakes,as serious as the misapprehension I have adverted to-He confounds the lively controversy he is now enjoy,ing with the Mexican claimants of the New..\lmaden mice, and their friends and advocates, with the remon- strance of the people of CaUfornia against a poUcy de-society,.areandthe troops. These horses cost here from (26 to$30 per head, but when in China, will stand the object sought by the Legislature. Tliat'they are igno- even deny the right to become citizens. The Industry'advocatesofthe andthus,inthedinandclamorofthe rights and Interests of the State of whosescene of strife, are utterly lost sight of or sented.the Fnlton ^ Ferry,Brooklyn,everyUminutes.'yon Gave sei^ousiy misstatedState of CallfoRda, as laid down in' her leglslaUve resoloiioD._*.>>Ucyh»i reoelved a rade shock from a suit" '""'*-* Tukmmd•f Qalat — IwMMed BAearttr afis abroad for thelarltedfr^ constnictioii of similarworks, udttoBwurity oflned ferlt U the aetUedijoqi).>««OP» to InfTluence the decision of a Court ofjj^i-j^^arsri'ss?trom OoT dwil OorrwpaBd.n*.by theof the New-Almaden miners,Hellrffcr K,"^"8e»t. », alter a"hJf fTi^'iT" ^^ friends of the ittallr. als* the em-truly refreshing season o< quiet,-not had since the opening of the ports to trade a Ut-Il^^^ve seat a letter to the President, in irlilch Iat ."•"^'"ea. " JHi SBit or^^.a.WardV.'.'.'.--.-ng --^^^^ ifas M sot"H FAnTANNXHlLATofttictf torn i_jYeik.andhraldrani(la.j.B. nArrowam isoM AMD uvupuvwt. r*wsaAn a arfable preyanMea tttnmthe Government and a rel>el Prince who was onfied for a moment Enemies, and the lucharitable, afcconat for the A ttomey-General's conduct In bringing it, by insinnaUons of personal enmity, favoritism, or300LAire 1 09 sldenceisat wt^h to assemUe for mutual defence in caseton.L,!foreigner,beinglaidaside,of the prosecntion of tUs suit mean.<> and Inevitably must TlHalso OS . tfi30 4S fIMIO77^tondlMrfaneralT(Tu.'«?»;> ^Oo* 'JS'Sl-Kfohnofisnoand allJC^glslature, respectfoUyinvoicesyouraction,inamatterwhlcheoncernsmost mean,atotalchangeofGovern,mentpoUey,onasub- Previoiulraekaowledgedintluately its whole population, and aiTeets, directly ject, to them all-Important. Th,^ It Inevitably fore- ToUlJTlUlamsbnrgh.Ok- Monday, Oct. t, Airm ua^a^, youngest daoncghter ofX a"u H. and the laU I«-danger,to feel the storm that appeared gathering and •bout to break upon oa in some form, haslonger recognized,beginL.,cinda J. ffwurrr.,such a« they hareon;?''*?'?'"•laaf*^ "ir!a"rm^l"n?^*t?o*n'.eonghs aad an^!^1^—ofapproachingand almost1 oe a 09 200St. James' (Epis.) Ch.. lO. WoloStt." Newtown, L. I. .« SI Bef. Dotch Ch. New-his way to besiege usinevitable civil war—have all ceased to float, and are being forgotten. The revolver that bat a few weeks ago was the constant companion of everySxication of the Legislature of CaUfornia for a discontin- uance of the action against the New-Almadea miners, I respectfully beg leave to submit soue obserratioiu in reply tSO>e Report of the Attorney-General, whichBo»l SS,*^.? CongUSoc'j.Wii-_ cHhers "Yours. *c.,jiOHm Tiirfr nttcoinage intotry*—been a great falling off in trade within the lastthree months. No more fortunes are to be determining the ultimate rights to said mine.Legis- that they discuss, not his private controversy with these gentlemen, but a grave and.the superflux," white alike t How an tinskillful miner t,pingresolve the Court itself. parativelyHow judged on his merits ? ShaU ids poUtlcal principles or religious convictions be considered, or only hisbeing shippedrefused ItNor is alienage a disqualification to mine. Thou-mad*.shipsare loading with it and Jujcadstuffs forreport that the Injunction Issued In the suit is the grievance complained of, and tlie dissolution of it thesands of aUens are constantly employed In it, among whom are the numerous Chinese, to whom the courts"A Clear CeBpIe:doB » la Dealred by all La- dles. Use PHALON'8 * Snow White OrienUl Cream" TlUs article is without a rival as a beautifler of the sUn and complexion. Sold by aU druggists and fancy-goods dealerstotheUnitedBUtes. Price,Ucentoperbottle.Gentlemen's HaM—^all Style*—Bird, Na. 49 Kass&a-st..—Gentlemen's Hats of the Fall Patteriu, uniting elegance of stylo with superior fabric, are now ready for examination and sale. _BIRD, No, 49 NsHsn-st.Glasa Shades! Klasa I^hades! I OLAS.S SH.tDKP, of all sizes, tor covering clocks,circulatingmeocement was in things consumed by the Chinese,arespectfulanswer. Yet,althoughtheresolutionIsIs it possible that these words have beenSaa Flzturea.Nos. KS and."steady trade, which would have increased had not Cliina become involved in her present troubles. With civil war laying her waste within, and themy After expectation.SETHAllied armies besetting her without, her people are lawvt ine-skins iffriendly host, in his frenzy to shedcontent with the necessities of life without the .luxuries which the Japanese products were toIran Work fisr Baildlnca,—Iron Store andCAPTIVES OF THE FROMTIER.THE BEST STORY OF T^E DAY.123 pages, complete, only ten cents. FOR SALE AT ALL NEWS DEPOTS.OUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO tf o.vations, just themselves,ha' e ho treaties,* a much more brisk trade has ence to the question in hand. They are simply from it. Califotnians claim the right to mine on any land,publicorprivate. Themine,withthem,belongsto -een carried on than would have been the case the purpose. Having so strangely misapprehended the discoverer and worker, no matter wiio owns thehad such relations existed, and the business left the question proposed to him, it is not remarkable thatin their own hands. But now that the temporary he arrives at a conclusion adverse to the desire of the was part of tlie dominions of Spain—ever since it conditions exist which have made this Legislature. Once his attention is caUed to this error, had laws. It has been tacitly acquiesced in so far astbem, and, consequently, the demand has ceased.^ to the State.Shatters, Stairs, Vaults, ko. Kvery description of rine Irontrade unprofitable, these foreign go-betweensit is not to be doubted he will reconsider the matter, and, Itrust,cometoadifferentconclusion. Todoso,Uie public lands are coni.'ernedby five successive Con- gresses, and your tw o immediate predecessors in the Presiiiency. I-ung experience lias demonstrated its wisdom, andDoors AND Shoes for CaiLnasa.—CANTREl.L ha? a full of "feet-covering" fir the from themust turn their attention in another direction, and -invest their capital in things that will find a mar-missessu^pply to younff, "dancing slippers'' the "patent K'atherYoung America.FasKcu CALF-SEl!f BOOTS. Gentlemen experience nodifficulty in making their selections of promenade and dress iKX'ta at CANTRELL'S. His assortment is very iarge, embracing an immense variety.pEicis.—t ANTRELL sells cheaper and better boots, shoes, gaiters and slippers than any other dealer in town. LocALiTr.—CANTBEl.L'S is at No. 813 Broadway, be- tween 11th and 12lh sis., convenientof access to the resi- dents I'f the " West End," and the sojourners at all thefashionable hotels.Wood. Huccessors to 8. Oalini, arenor need he fearket elsewhere. These are found to be tea, raw for h& report has not even approached, much less dis-—silk and oil, and are destined to be the staples of cussed the question. It is wholly occupied in proving, tradebetweenJapanandWesternnations. The whatnobodyhasdeiiied,thatyoucanneitherdecreetl-.e Legislature of California protests earnestly against any acUon of the General Govern-former, as prepared here, is not in a proper condi- tion to transport to countries as distant as America or England, but is equal in quality to much of that produced in China, and only requires their mode of curing, which will soon be learned by the Japan- ese! It is now first taken to China, where the cur-nor dissolve an injimction, and" that you should not attempt, by any interference or action of yours, to In- fluence the decisions of a Court of JusticeThe Legislature of California, though not, as Mr.ment in conflict with it.Nor wiU that Legislature, or the people of thatEngland, is. 6d. per catty more. In consequencekuovi-ntothelaw,andcannotbetolerated. Itwould also the legislaUve wisdom of the State. Hence, necessarily arbitrary in its character, dependmated the cost of a single steamer load landed in use whatever influence you may have with the Federal China, and found that it would not he fet from Court to procure its dissolution.whether they toU foi;;^ a pittance or reaUze a fortune, the State, which is enrichetl by their lat>ors, traces aUher prosperity to the principle of free mining on the public lands.The ingeniou.* .eugges-tion at the end of Mr. -Attor-ney's report, that the mine . should be given away toAmerican has tlie merit of and is at citizens, novelty,$400 perhead. Therearenowaboutadozenves-it, would have been as preposterous as the second would have been w-icked. They asked neitlier. Nor is there any justice in the as.sumptioii intimated by the Attoniey-sels in the hartwr, nearly one half of which arechartered by the Commissary Department of theallied Governments. The English alone have un-der cliarter over 100 sail of other nations, the'Vnited States having the lien's shars. The ship-interests were never better than now in ths Kast, and fine ships that have been lying idle for months, at an enormous expense to their owners, are now d(rin( a locistive business. We arethe beginning and end of the pending war, as the English and French are fight-Gencral—inadvertently, I hope, and not deUberaleiy first sight plau.'iible but I fear, Mr. President, it wUl ;flowers, &c., kcconstantly on hand and made to order. ,Depot No. 32 Flatt-st.awaiting anxiouslyug two battles in China; for should they fail, I fearmoral conduct or skiU ? ShaU " miningWhite, the Hatter, has Intradaeed the HiawathaSoftBatthemostpopularhatofParis; alM, the Natioaal Guard Hat and Children's Fancy Hata, at 2io. US liiwttdwav, eppoBM dc. fatU'a Church.but if they succeed, it will be equivalent to a bloodless vic-borne until the advent of that "Barry's Trleaaharaas la the beatekeapeatthey would have to fight one in Japan;if a man be a goo*Democrat, buttory here.From about the 1st of June till within ten daysdivision of the preamble, are not theYou must long since h^ve realized the embarrass-to create a draft" of shake the superfluxheat.A Portuguese man-of-war arrived here a fewher repieeentativeof Congress theThe poUcy of free mining on th* pnbUc lands, Mr.of John A.RxswAT—LiiuiiLL.—In Newark, en Sunday (vsnlng.had to goawaybut he had no ships of war to back ment. From all the land legislationalimit: ''"'"B^eot^mtiOtA "CalifomU andpoUcy of the Oorerament, thatdissolve anr?"', Injunc-ThuraC»*r. '"'^ '»• ^'^The community here is enjoying ^ practiced critic Is to readily drawn off pn liiTfrom the true point of a controversy, what wonder (j^-it the general reader should be misled ?wU(^suit is based., Kakaoawa,JapM, foreignWhen a"JlegaUon that they areon and inmining pubUc land, Suffering Syria, acbww°^^ "* receipt of ''bers of th« General Society of Mechanloi iSd tJSS- winSJaT'SK'W.'VI"?*, t?S»«Sdhls talsSl^"Vasji Out,T^S^l^a-s*a*s**Msa.:awtr troe Knt-TfrkJustice," » "<** 122? " «ffiSiioti>5*."^'' '~' '" 'n*alt them by a mere.^llyy^' the yrew-AlBudenridenls, Oail, on the Case,"Inl««Tuesday'sTuai, fidencemining,dinflle imd evw<((^wAsn,Bi8nAivuLa,ile more than a year ago. The rumors of night af- have en>.l^avored to state the position of the Legisla- TBI Ojntin Statss, It U Oa. ^"^^ ""•* '" dan- Bosaie,N. Toeneeatrated caraS^lT .???«». speedy and oBciei.'taeka, both on the town and shipping—of«ut down, while peacefully wallung along thegerousandalarmingthe Kew-Almaden miners Is too evidently n«» f*TM" mencemen^ of a new and retrograde policy by tl><ture of Ca>.''^'"''da correctly, to which I beg leave toto California. against -a^T"^\AlexandriaD., Baltimore.... Bamoel N. Kl LewerChaaceTiKSTiLXltSdlLi;."; ChaacetKd, ._B.J. MJ.M.MFreads, Aofirnsta T. N. f'.refer you.»icna,. 3l0Wek>and the rendezvous is now before y^u. The case is one of unusual mag- Theyrirst OoDg'al Ch. and law, 8oc'y,8pr'nrd,Mass.57»ltW day,o'clock P.M., from th?«K'dence of he.«»'passed over. - It is koped no further troubletwill occur, but that harmony and good to refnsa that whichJu.^ted to attend ths fhseral, from tvw residence of her(Tnesilay.)t>ct.3. ^vnitude and interest;one of thesovereignStates of thepolicy.K.Shepaia; No. S76 Cmabortaiwdst.. Brookj/"' •tthent fartlier Buaianv.i-uItnion.Union, its speaking tliroughand all its prodoetlve The At- remotely, eacifles.torney-General, In advising yon to deny this leqnest, bartutUHj misapprehendadtti Batnie,aiid orgadyoashadows the Intention henceforth <o asseri the right anddutysftheGovemmeiittoresti'alnminingonall the public lands of California as wasiV : *ad they see in the Inauguration of this new po^oy a speedybIn the StS year oT hV age. neMendaandrelativesofthblsa'dlyareresptetfaUycure an aitomiimmeni if the suit wherein said injunc- tion was issued, if the same can be done withoutimportant question of pubUc policy, he says*' ;made in a day, as when the country was first These are grave and serious reasons of publicopened. The principal part of trade at the com- policy, and are entitled to serious coiislderananrairf agalH TTlirm,"- What partlfti- WhatageW? Whatfriends t^-storehouses, the country was soon drained of he seems to have most strangely misconceived or lost State, by the first law-officer of the Government, andClnmlars, eontalning schemes for thewill bebut Japan not having a very large surplus in herforth at length in the Attorney-General's report,deUberately written of the Legislature of a sovereign in an official communication to the President? Hasenchanters in tliis Ncw-Almaden controversy, that, Uke Don Quixote's, tiis imagination converts wind-^millsint similarfoes,andleadshimtoripopenthe(StBroadwarin addition te thdr large stock of rich goods, offer 16r-iM>%fti,.sight of its meaning. It does not ask any Court todissolve tlie injunction In question it does not ask ;'ll CO., WilmiBfton, Del,, or St Loois, Mo.articles most in demand in the neighboring empire,and,asaconsequence,theysoonbecame so dear, that instead of the two or three hundred.per cent, made on the first cargoes, at the end ofnine months, moderate profits were being realizedouiy. They were sufficient, howevar, to insure a or defendants—such a conclusion is expressly nega- his part He has so long contended with giants andsale a large assortment of CliandeUen and Gas tures of every description, and of the newest styles,— both foreign and domestis mannfactiua.Nxw-YoiK, Joly at, teu.Senator HanaMad an Sevrlng Machines." I take pleasure in saying that the GROVEB k BA- KER SKWIKO MACHINES have more than sustainedand, after four years' trial, have no fault to find."—J. H, Hammond, Senator of South Carolina.thfseCaUfornia sunk so low inunworthy motives may be deUberately laid at the door of bfer Legislature, by a Cabinet officer, without re- buke ? If not, the only escape or apology for the At- torney-General or yourself is a confusion of ideas onFix-anyonetosolicittheCourttodoso. TheInjunctionis mentioned to simply pointout andreferred to, and which suit you are asked to wiTaasAWtived by the proviso, but because the of a bringingsuit is in effect an uprooting of the internal policy and;AHP ABABPOM—not for the benefit 'of private claimantsJegislation of the Statebecause it tends to unsettle long-establi&hed rules of property sanctioned by localhisthe blood of his enemies.BEADLE DIME SETHNEW-HAMPSHIRE." NOVELS, NO. S.and in wrong impoliticbecause it iscause it is destructive to the interests of CaUfornia, and the assertion and exercise of a power dangerousJONESj OaTHB \;itself;be-Hence, when Mr. Attorney tells you that the gnmt- Ing or dissolving of an injunction is the function of a Court, and when he dilates on the impropriety of seeking, by any external soUritation or pressure, to-It is a curious fact, that these two secluded em-pires, who would have nothing to do with eachother, have been obliged to excliange their re-^pcctive products through the interference of influence a Court of Justice in its decisions, his obser- plaint. The private controversy as to title is indiffer- Western nations, and, though the two countries however in have no refer- ent to them, and they expressly ignore aU interest inL. JACKSON k BROTHER'S Irmi Works, U-av., and a*th-st. New-York.he will nothave to retract any opinion already ex-" ofpressed,any chargeofincon&iilcnfy,Attorney remarks,dtscUiog their Balmoral Ituots fur Ladies at 93 SO ; iluuae.JOUH T. DOYLB.^^ti?.- ??,r"?!?»/iP.=t- «. at « o'cKkpV.FUtyeentisbetUe,at Me. «• fceaii^ "**•»*..street, by the assassin—of battles fought between TO THE PRE8IDbJ*T OF THE UNITED general Govi'«mment. On nothing less can it be justi- 8.Y.T°'icai??.''^i.r^K?,i»?:'« MMSTAVES,Before you render your iZeclfilon oa the appli-.yon were nerer asked to graat.feeling will take the place of the distrust The mMake mad* by him, and a>e false 4«»aewUgh farewell to her hitherto unexampled pr.'^wperitjr and 'We are now in reoeirt jf oar Urge ImpartatiUni, inand prejudice which the Government have hereto- fore, and even now to a certain extent, seemed to entertain'towards people of other countries, and that the healthy operations of commerce will rience, less and less obstacles iill a perfect under- standing shall be estabUslied between Japan and the treaty Powers of the earth, and thafthis populous so long shut up, will become nothe4hus forces on the people of California, has been too readUy accepted by the public Press, and 6y thegrowfli.Hence it is that thethe way of COATINGS,TGSTINQS, PANTALOONEBT,M the IkmUy an invKM to Sw2!.Sf• '*'SS!Sl frostboresldenooor her father, attrouble, principally on account of the opposition of;ALL THi HiHiso KifTXRpaiSKSple feel that while it remains in Court, not one dollar of capital from abroad can be Induced to seek profit in their development* These are, in brief, the reasons wlilch moved the as indicated in theAn early Belection is respectfully recommended, as thedewater, aged years and 10 months.The friends of the family, and those of her sons, JohnandClarkson,andofhersons-in-law, HughHactarlaneof the Princes (who, bythe way, are.al- most independent) to any intercourse with foreign-large.and Dr. A.withont further invitotion, from the residence of her sis-^BomeJohnson, are invited to attond the taaeral,°ers whatever;so much so, that at one time a civilin favor of truth and soimd policy.Legislature, pre- amble, to their resolve, and they are reasons, the im-war seemed almost inevitable. The leader of theopposition, the Prince of Mito, who ,is verypowe5ful, and, I believe, three in line of the Im-perial family, has been effectually checked in hisrebellious career, marked principally by his insti-gatidn of the asEassination of the Prince Begent'lastWinter. Itisbelievednowthat>itwashethatinstigated the murder of the Dutch captains about'the same time.^ ''immediately represented bytheFAERAHr.—In Stratford, Conn., on Wednesday,The currency question has come up again, and the value which the' Japanese set on the Mexican.- ;pre- mises is unfotmded. 'They do ask ah ABAvaoEnuirr26,aged 64 years.• dollar is 25 longs to itcent, below that which be- per actuallyby weight. The exchange by Govern-of the miner on public land;OFFICIAL DRAWINGS. BY TKLEGBAPH. or TAB I<EQAIiIZBD liOTTERIBS,WOOD, KDDY k CO., MANAGERSof theOELAWABE, KENTUCKY AND MI830I7RI gTATB LOTTERIES,ment oftreaty for one yenr, was brought to a close on the 4th. One hundred Mexican dollars are equal in weight to 311 Itsibues, what we received for them while the Government were obliged to exchangeforeigncoin intoJapan,asaccordingtoquitebut the merchants will only allow 230 Itsi- bues to the hundred dollars. It is the Government thatregulatesthevaluationofthedollar,forit is to that the foreign money is to be taken for re-THEfor us;productive of injury, and i» ihe exercinr of a powtr strucUve of tlieir rights and interests. He goes into amediuift of thedress you, nor any body in their behalf, but theexpe-conflicting prlvite interests taTolmd, private controveray, California,Am'^veNiiivpiesTm.—Atlier resideace, Staatohnrgh, DaUhsasrepresentativesfrom the misrepre-For ran and Wiafr wear.ingston, in the tw year of her age.aremeantimeabsentdSSK? ^^'^^^^^'^OOODS. 2:il^'".*'*?i*t,1""'^;""*widowofMaturUUv-and that neither the magnitude of the cause, nor the exalted dignity of the tribunal, nor his own obscurity,demandisalreadyveryDEVLIN, HUDSON k CO..should deter the humblest citizen fromout Such a cause can neither lose nur gaip from the position of its advocate ; and I therefore feel warranted in as aNog. 2t8, 2» and 260 Broadway, Corner of Warren-st& WHsoa MaaafaetariBS Co.'a SETINO MACHINES,addressing you, simple volunteer, on behalf of the distant and injuredState of California.I have said that the Attorney-General has mistakenlandshavebeen2. 1 hat the object and effect of this exclusion havel)een to encournge mining on the public lands, where- by the protperity of CaiUomia has been eniianced andof which cannot weUportance t>e exaggerated.notice wDl be given in the papers of the time of fttoeral.the meanlne of the resolution.1. That from all Congressional land legislation, the;respectfullyminingcarefully exceptedManu&otaring Compa- ask the candid attention of the pubUc, and es-Tliedevelc'ped3. That the State laws of CaUforniahighest .commendations from aU classes of whether for the use ofFAMILIES,URESS-MAKERS. SHIRT MAKERS,theing properties are held ;i. That it would be oppresllve and a grievance tothe people of the Slate to hold their mines at the wlU of the Fet^erai Government ;6. That no distinction should be made betweenmines of gold, and of other metals7. Thai the stoppage of the New-Almaden mine byinjunction, at the suit of the United States, has been "thelocal regulations, constitutes the tenure by wlilch min-4. That, byState law, possession, according todangerous to the mining interests of the StatedForthesereasonsItwasResolved by the Assembly, (the Senate concurring,) That otu- representatives In Congress be requested, and our Senators instructed, to use their best endeav-lengthy discussion as to the title of the land in whichcannot be raveled, and that pre- sents the same appearance on both Bides of the seam—theand they only have we to blame. There has ors, at the proper department at Washington, to pro- lature of the Statestillstrongly attached,Read It.trueequaUytrue tliatonlyfamily are;BINDERS, MAKERS, oaAUTHOBIZEO BYThe anderslgned Comoilssioners, appointed ky thsSovemor of the State of Delaware to snperiatoad ths drawing of the Delaware Stoto Lotterr, do oorttfy thatelected with reference to specialCahilltheir knowledge of the law, may, without violence tothe of Governments, be theory RepubUcan75 cents to $1. A large and extensive assort- ment of Boots and Shoes for ladies, gentlemen and Hisses, Boys and children, at ma<terate prices.CAHILL k WOOD, No. 627 Broadway, between Bleecker and^Hooston sts.Trnaaea,—Dr. Ofarak CaBtiaaoa t* Apply kla radical curs Truss with success in the treatment ut Hsr- nls. Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder Braces, Suspensioa Bandages, silk elastic StockTngs, Belts, BaUiingTrasses and all surgical appUanoes appUed, A lady in attend- ance in the female department. No. 3 Veoey-st, Astor House, opposite St. Paul's chorcti.Bittekelar>a Hair Dve> WI«a aad TawMea. —Tills celebrated establishment is removed to No. 16 Bond-st. Twelve private rooms fbr the aDpUcatloa tiing for long voyages is conducted under the super-to the Chinese, and brings, by the last returns from must, as a logical necessit}', be deemed to embody be sim-to have been elected with reference to their knowledgevision of foreigners. The Japanese sUk, which is of and devotion to the interests of their constituents. men well known and easUy fotmd. The denial of a for the most part exported raw, is" superior even In fac,t, as they embody the legislative power, they right to mine on the pubUc land is not a punishmentlimiting the proposition to what affects their ownof the present high duties on imports, it is impos- State, there Is no exaggeration in the axiom laid down ing it, judgment and sentence would of necessity (asin the Aimaden case) precede accusaUon and trial. The people of CaUfornia will not (hold their right to. A temporar>' brisk trade is going on between recognised that the onus is on him to show it to be mine on the pubUc domain under any tenure so frailsible to bring foreign manuiactiues into the coun- whatever the byMr.Attorney,thatLegislature asks try to any amount. in that respect is to be presumed clearly right. He hasalacrity."Mr. Attorney-General has assumed throughout his___^^^__Thefirstoftheserequests,hadtheymade—that they designed Indirectly to influence by theirbe found impracticable. On the principles indicated in the report it would clearly liave to be given to theEnreka Sewtng Macblnea-Prlee S30> Can now be purchased and raid forIN WEEKLY OR MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS.the great industry of the State ;complezional disabiUties " be regarded in the proposed " shaking ofThe injvmction, Sir,is com- asmallafl'air—amereIncident. True,it throws some hundreds of industrious .people out of employment, but there are no beggars in CaUfornia, thank God, and these people wUl not starve, True, it raises the price of quicksUver, and thus taxes heavUy but tliis could weU be good time a-coming," which will yet make all tbhigs even." These things, therefore, though distantly alluded to in the 7th sub-consider-"aadarticle for DBEsSlNS, BEACTIFYINO. CLEANmS, CintLINS, PRESEBVING AND BESTOBIire TmCHAIB. Ladies, try It For sale by all draggists.Identifythe suitq>eaklngter, Mrs. Charles Berrien, at Fordham, at 3)4 o'clock P. M.. this day.Clabx.—On Monday, Oct. 1, Wb. Clabx, aged 40 "jt^ears and months.DuehisWoaxAix.—At Saratoga Springs, onSept SOiWAni; AarBcs, only eon of Wade B. and Caro- Une E. Worrail, in Ihe 17th year of his age.The relatives and friends of theinvited to attend the funeral services, at the residence of his parents, No. IH West 22d-st., this (Tuesday) after- noon, ad Inst, at 4 o'clock, without further notice.' remsins will be cot>»'eyed to Greenwood Ibr interment on Wednesday morning.It recites:;nythis and the English and French Governments. clearly wrong, and having faUud to do so, he mustBorne 3,000 horses have been bought by them, and admit that the original presmnption remains good, and any Federal officer, no matter how exalted. Many bis Hair Dye-ths best eztaat BATCHKLOR'S Wigsmovingit rained almost mcessantly, everything being cov- ations of the resolution. Were they aU the pubUc ment of distributing the patronage CoUectorships, The Palar Refriceratar la tke htwt'—s^eniijkered with mould and saturated with moisture. We are having fine weather now, however, and it bids lair to be as dry in July as it was wet in June, it being over a week since we have had a drop ofwould not haveMarshalshlps, Consulships, 4c.—already at your dis- posal. The offices you have bestowed have made you hosts of enemies, and not a few ungrateful friends,American. It was awarded the FIRST PREMIUM at the United States Fair, Cincinnati. IMO. ManatSctured by BARTLETT k LESLEY, No. 420 Broadway.the occasionbeen worthy of legislaUve intervenUon. The Legisla-Injury complained of,an occasion demanding remonstrance from them, wasand is the adoption of a poUcy by the Government this rich fifteen mUUon California plum to the mostSBwhich strikes at the root of the prosperity of Uie State, deserving American citizen, one might weU fear that days ago with an Ambawadpr for negotiating a and threatens to paralyxe Its chief industry. For even your tried powers would yield under the heavytreaty with Japan. Ihe XJovemment ia very reprivileges. Switzerlandtheyrefusedentirely,and restraintfromtheGovern- bringingsuchendlesstribulationinitstrain.the mass of the population of that task, and that you would ^ve up the ghost, deploring, hictant to grant any more countries commercial State have been engaged ha mining on the pubUc like Midas, the possession of a source of wealth,without lands, subject to no tax or effect.;ing a treaty excludedhim,andunfortunatelyenteredthecountryona mininglandshavebeenstudiouslyfourteen years backmerchant steamer, which was enough to Insure »ise and masterly InactlOT of Congress and the Execu- fornia, but by giving rise to a vast production of gold, WSAeipt ,Rav.J.P. Mr.Taos.H.R.Ban- o3f0,thkiys City, to Mrs. WKiAlsnonL,ixsau, of Newark.and wlU ere the tacit acquiescence of Congressreached us, but that it was ordered back to South- long be the second. CaUfornia has a population dou- In the extension of the general land system to CaU- the former ^ace^ ^^^Embassy's departurepurposehas fourthcommercial port in the Union,;express provisosand MASV K., only danghter of Dr. W. H. RockweU, of:by thePresident,has notonly beea highly beneficialUs" failure. The Portuguese will not be put off, tive, the State has attained In ten years a growth un- has exercised a potent Influence on the industry and TBAtCBia—Boexwsu..—In Biattleboro, Vt, on Thurs-however, I presume. The news of the Prussian paralleled in lustory. San Francisco Is now the commerce of the world. That poUcy has more than day, Sept. 27. at St Michael's Church, by Rev. W. 8. Sonthgate, Tbohas F. Thaicbse, of Kansas City, Mo.,for a similarampton. The Japanese steamer that accompanied ble that of States ten years her seniors In the Conled-- fornia, have protected it. It is conformable to thethe Embassy to Panama has returned, and ui an eracy, and polling more votes In proportion to their system of land tenures In the State, which Congress, DIED.excellent condition, her repairs in the dock at San numbers than any Slate in Uie Union. In energetic as a proprietor, is bound to respect The Legislature Bvp.txa.—In this City, on Sunday. Sept. 30, after a Francisco having hnprovijd her not a Uttle. We and daring enterprise wlUch only knows obstacles to and the people of Callforiua do not think that a poUcy shor< Ulness. Mr. CaaiSTLAa BcBLiB, in (ne 75th year of tiav3 not yet heard of the {Embassy's arrival atWashington,expectlect which springs frciu a anyequalpopulaticnonexcelbutto by the next mail. ^^^^^^ I-BBl-TA.vigorpert-ect manhood, theyto attend hit funeral, on Oct. 3, at a livited from Wednesday,o'clock P. M.,. his law residence. No. lU Eastwitbontfurther Broadway, notice.^A jury in Detroit has done a nghteous act intendering a verdict of «5,0D0 damages against Mr.has developed thisregarded by tliem as essential to their welfare, and itin both Houses of Congress, addressed you a respectful remonstrance and protest againsl the at-Yocses.-In this City, on Saturday, Sept. as, Roscnrs, SOB of David X. and Caroline A. in theHobeit Edwards, a farmer of Oreenfleld, Mich., for 'tempt byentitled to a respo'jtfulanswer. To pertinent putto attend the from the residence of hb funeral,accoBpUsUBc the nitn of Ellaabetb Heed, a girl <if- faen years of age. The best of It Is that Mr, Bdwaidi las property eaiouili to satisfy tbc veidict*change.HUlions of doUars have been invested in CaUfondaandinvitedparents. No. 048 4th.it., on Tuesday, Oct. a, at 1 o'clockoverthrow them, and in thecfand Intel-of such moment and so sanctioned should be changed, or subject to change, at the arbitrary discretion of anyThe relatives andlrteads of the family arerespectfoByIs naturai that Uieir Legislature alarmatthefirstindicaUono(ashould prompUy takethis New-Aimadcn snU to do so. They areta ntinlng ud its acc«««orte«, such v»"'V*i..-lntW.9Uy..o, s.t«d., ,T«l« sept a,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069bodytheglobe. Thepolicywhich Federalextraordinary growth may weU beitignMoa.1y3odunygeeasrtof hU age. Yoougs,The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully<litcUes,canals,ST,^^ff.^?5i.•^'iS^«rt?!i!iU^^^ffir ^feio>B0ar aiil^ »ic^^dams, and the like, au, e, t«. mm &»w. Capital' y,^g^4«r Ay teniae them .OM yen cannot coosctea-"'•«-" TAIL,Ibrought .jjjHisAttorney -General,toarrest the opera-**<^n« at M.-,'•rs.and*a* hsaifas n .*««la« im»a»lmost deserving.How shall he be found ?433Clubs wanted. snppUed. Agentstherefore, does notthermometer has been as high 91° whole argument of the Attorney-General, as based on ble to a generous .mind. Your vigorous constitution^ beUished in elegant style liu Saloon at No. SSi Broad-Tain. The asF. in the shade, but the average is between 86°agrosserroroffact.The act by which the people of CaUfornia feel ag-Itrieved,andwhichtheirLegislaturemightweUdeemway, is prepared to receive bis friends and the pabUc.and88°F. Thereach us here, and there issouthwest monsoon seems toand wtilch is said to have hastened prefermentjnit breeze enough through our temples and houses, so that we are rarely oppressed with theyourdistinguishedpredecesso"rs.Blareaaaapla BBparhiB*of theor ask its dlssoiuUcn, and this disiwses at once of theture,complaininjuncUon,to solicitation, ever disagreea- has happUy withstood so far the importunity for patTaylar'a Nevr 8alnan.WILLIAM TAT LOR having reeeatiy refitted and em-besidessubjecting youand aU iU la- publiclands,befree. Theoon- tni(>M br the hitherto aetUed adhanmce tothe anazMOTKmuoZ«ronagethe death of two ofBut if you had in addition toVkaI. ANTHONT, No. 501 Broadway. Catal<«a« sealro^cetpt oaf stuap.. PH0TOa&APEI0Iti3EBLU,a raaittsaiaMARRIED. Hssnsil—Rise.-In this City, on Monday, Oct. 1. byRev. Dr. Barcliard, Mr. Wiaaaa B. HssDSB to Miss MaM a. Kiso, both of this City.Samkis—Baibwih.-In Huntington. L. I., by Rev. Mr, Hsmilton, Wsakn B. SAuiis to B«SAi,ii Balswis,;"'"' "^ asserted, that to mihi '"" *TM-" "*» " CAuroiinA utoe fbllowlng sum* since thenaeqaaled "**>• sosOiJ^*notnor have the Legislai.'ire of California been so un- P. W. Elmoir, Sher- StaSntonrVaorninterest, but you canArmstrong; KA W»W .^'o-oftrace his pubUc coi-'duct to motives of pubUcDetroitbum 10 MTallraadJn, Benev.As' "a 00acceptcharitable or dlscoUrteo.'*^ as to suggest or assume Itu0u0!1 ^ liliamstoewn. MIaTsasm.They see that, int°<ontemplatton?.addressed itself to theFederalGovernment,and;aafced,notthat theIn- junctmnbedissolved,tutMa((ike <«>( whick tn.'Hiitei this destructive policy be abandoned and withdrawn for-ever.The dissolution of this hijuncUon, comfortable ai«dsatlsftctory as it might be to the individual miners,.ui^I^^ia- *^ t??a*t"An Injunction," saystheAttorney-General,"canI«glslatore,Engliahwilling but useful member of the Cnnily of nations. Hhich affects the vital interests of a State to which I CaUfornia. The suit, asserting, as it does, a change •f Fashionable Clotlxin^ for moD and l>OT^ It con- 7r:S2i8'Al.P^Mf.'."be iiydo-park Station on tMi arrival ol theempire,onlyaIn a case which concerns soa oflarge body people,would not content, nor even concern, the people ofto attend, withoat familyThe new order of things have, as far as we canlearn, given the present Government a deal pf' be pretiunpluous to endeavor to correct such an errorhave owed aUeglauce, and amby ties of interest and of kindred, I feel that it cannotof poUcy on the part of Government, on a subject of such vital concern, is in itself a STAxiHiro hiitacstotains a (Teat variety of nowlieie else.stylesaad fabrics to befouadtrain from New-Tork.TA»MWATxa.--In Fordham, Westohestor County, onMonday, Oct. 1, Mrs. Maetha L., relict ofand it isbe InsUtuted by a plaintiff, and to wiUidraw it is no less exclusively that plainUff's function." The At- torney-General has erred in supposing that the Legis- lature a.^k a dissolution of the injunction, and hencehis censure of their to in the applicaUon .yoiiTiMss,to the fact thatuniformly reoelvedafter a Sept. short iUuesii, JosxrH Fasianp, of this City,themineUes,theMexicangrantsaffecting-it, forgetting that it is not the mine-owners who here ad-thettalioviac are the numbers drawn this dar DELAWARE LOTTERIES.The effoct of the parties, their agent and friends, to sinkOFFICE NO. 006 BROADWAY, SEND FOR A CIRCULAR.the of title, is a moral circumstance^ question strong"BALL, BLACK k CO.,yourestimation that suchthatW.,explanationit,...ks Ata So "Ueatloal with that la tba asistiagand theOF thx'Statb, peo-AU of which we offer at extremely low psices. 81ahbe decreed a Court to dissolve it is not lessWkeelerSunday mosning.only byexclusively a judicial function." This is perfectly;"an action canWITH BINDERS, CORDERS, AND ALL OTHER RE- CENT IMPROVEMENTS.Ac, andthe stitch that is onlyapproved by families and manu-:The Legislature of CaUfornia aredown as the friends or agents of any man or set ofmen, nor do. they seek io sink the question of tiUe. To Work for bnUdlng porpooes, nunafactared at JAMES assert and vindicate the principle and policy theycontend for, they must and do assume the title to be inthe United States. That is the very gist of their com-land. Such has been tlie law of California since itState, be divertedfrom this remonstrauce andprotest Attorney-General's report, that the individuals against whom he has lev- eled tliis experimental blow, are of bad character, un- worthy of favor, land forgers, perjurers, contumacious aliens, and the like. If they have committed crimes, supposed there are laws for their punishment and they areby the plausibleinsinuation in theply on the wiU of the Executive officer, and in enforc-and degrading as a certificate of good character fromthe request of CaUfornia " should be granted with bad men might obtain such, and many good men be and Toupees have Improvements over alL This is kaetotheseatofwarinChina. A large amount of forage is consequently required,Governmentin five timesthatamount. Weesti- rantlyaskingyoutodissolveit, or,ifnotthat,thento oftheminersis thsUfe-bioodofthecommunity,andonlyplacewheretheseareproperlyaadsntoedaador shaU it be distributed to black andExecutiveofficer. Theyhave, throughtheir—potto be setto CaU-dsnghterBaldwin, Esq.Untitled DocumentIam,m^o^ei !'»^.,. j, , T*TMully,yourobedient^• 8lr,•servant, ^r JOHN T. DOYLB.Lata Tm»Ttmti»m», Met. >\They are the choioeetselections to be found ia the"111 take place tt St. James- M oS:^''^ ^"i- »"..Tu"d«r' ?<"• ^ atlto'cloefcFrench, Getnaa andWo also invite attention to onrriSiS.1, 5t?i ff"J«»The TTHEELEB A WILSONwoiUdpecially of that moreNsw-YoaiWILSON Sewing-Machine hasthe WHEELER k the,'SCORSET MAKERS, GAITER FITTERS,ia the stitch that only'm«»«*,ii_~**»-et tta^ MmBrtfereiw.The Committee for the ^lief of the DestituteliSSiS^'^^^*^ !"*•'•*•JohnSneid... .ISB0O0 JA. LBa.d.r.asd-su,. Thefrienv^SHOE VESTTAILORS QE.VEP.ALLT. LOCK-STITCH MADE BY THESE MACHINESTHE LBGISkATDBE.facturers of sewed goods. This fact being iKirne in every candid person must be convinced that tho WHEELER k WILSON Machine is the only one to pur- chase, whether for private use or for earning a UveU- hood by sewing for others.andhave three of tbem in optration in my different places,JONBS,Bank Fronts, Coinmns, Girders, Door Beams,OfficeBroadway.1tryingreturning others, 1FROM38tfa-st,THE BEST IN USE FOR FAMILY SEWINO. No. 496 Broadway, New-York,No. isa Fnlton-st, Brooklyn.Ladies' Balmoral Boots.These encerienl. durable, nest, elegant, healthy, Falland V* inter articles can now be obtained uL CAN'- TKEI.L S.OroTsr & Baker's Celebrated NOISELESS SEWING MACHINES.SUppefs.markets.very extensive stockNEW-YORK.Wltaesa onr at hands,OctOEO. 0. OOBDOM,JAMES DUNCAN., CornefgrTi lauajt.,oharge by sending to WOOD,EDDTSETIi^ JONB8 INTRODUCES/.."h.«i.,-4J>^JItS!*!Jt"^sspr^^^^'^^'^I'l^ie^mmmmmsmmind,Bitra Class No. 467, Oct. 1, UOt.17, 24, 74, 10, 28, 22, 66, 60, 44, 20, 60, 64, 34. Class Ne. 468, Oct. 1, 18M.19, 68, 6, 2, 61, 41, 70, 18, 82, 57, 23, 6S, 47, U.?s^/^aii^^-omMt S-ciox.-Ii*ro*tCvn,on S>^'|SJ*Lft.!**' » "«>« wM mneiB,AL3S«j:c«k».lnthe.^*i2SLS5J5'V^.^"...eotly healthy fWMa. VM^vttfelkiC&ty, on Friday. Sspt. M, MAasAaar li^,M. 'TheMendsaadrelativesofthe aremailed lyee of—-"»saThoreiativMaid K-lend. are "ShSiWJ"^"*'. '»B .thUday,_S:"«»«.—InFlatbush-L. L, on Soatfcr morAHig-'-""|t"(urWilsilngton, DeL, JOSEPH SEAL,HIMSELF. "Howdedo?Howdedo! AimfrightenedIhope;„ it's nobody but me,.^ .w^requested further notice. Carsiagei will be inltUKHAbr ^Eth:^am Vaii-I, i860. www.fultonhistory.com 