 *what perhaps is worse than either, any parties oi' 'Goyei,|nm»:nt to such on attempt against the law of na- partly imoirect.; The voluntd" rslanded, asann.<uaceJ, the two great mihtai'-y posts of the island. By this ernment aim its agents are persecuting indivi juals in *U»ur Kings oi Burope. Sticking to'the constitu:, Neapolitan soldiers who might be straggling about.. ; tions and of intei-nadonal obligations, its answers but, by order of the Sardinian Government, which was time he mu>t. be in iie'ssession of Palermo, or of such defiance both of law and justice, the persons Hying iion wjiich he hud tuf&ruto maintain, anl confiding ,4i The Intrepid accompanied us from-Paleruib, atid" "were at first evasive, and afterward amounted to informed of their intention, they were disarhied and portion of it as he rail hold without, command of the lrom the police may fairly be considered as soriiewhjtf in the laanly spirit of h\* pe>»ple, he was able, iit- early in the morning she looked into Trapani. -Day- proni|ees;tb prevent the expedition, so that the Roval prevented-from-further action." tea. liis friends do not, claim for turn that there has in the >ame position as, these who ai-e cs^apiiig fromlight also showed us that we were accompanied by Government v:-asauihori/-ed.in_noi. doubtiug the assar- 1 h'c Lbnaov Dailyjt\ev)H, also says: yet been any important defection of the Neapolitan' the lynch law ol a mob, ami I doubt whethcr.iuiy.crp~^foregoing class && benefited dSrecf A nubio r^abOBibib^utesfibjn; ,\vJilan was proposed wliivthe ••mk^-.2Mpasses bvei and up they are again marebing as orderlyas before.! Frigate and steamers now keep al.a re- Mr. Maday, and Prof. Palkovy were released from spectful diaauce, throwing occasional shot and shell at prison, and an amnesty for all those who opposed the workin : parties as they dear the mole of the lauded stores. Hirsts and carts have been pressed into the service, anju as they 'carry the thingsalong.the mole and up the foad to the town-gate they are otten einoth- ered.inidusifrbm a ricochet siiot,.but I hdlieve through- the lLCuii while,. a-Itui»sian aruiy^is siientlv assem- said that Mr." Ladislas Szogyenyi,..'Councilor of out the while all'air only oie man was wounded. The Liibg ui ihe South-oi Russia, the Caucasian army State, is to succeed Count Thun. If this should whole scent was one- of intense excitement; it was onepersons, Jeavir.g in two Larks the interior of the west aim of. the port (every accesstb which is "guarded py sentinels), went On'hoard Lm; conmiercia/i Sardinianr.d Loi!it)«ir<io (of the company ofout of Sicily, and hold his own there until he has^raisedNaples and chased 1the Bourbons from tiie Peninsula.h'-will he th-Tell or the Washington of renovated should have done so at once and openly—stating hia5-'KijCetSiofi of Savoy and N i c e t | Prance concnidee *w proposing,its approval by tbe (fhainbcr*, ; •>, %<taining arms, certainly; and ammunition, followedthe prrvented a previous understanding. The Euv much slaughter, and was in possession of the entire has been admirably chosen, for at the back of Marsala same direcdou, It is asserted, moreover, that in the;-'•:-carriedthetidings-ofGaribaldisarrivalallthepersons jfflfco hud taken part, in a very mild demonstru- I centration ' became evident of lta{jan emigrants i n made up.*•"u in readiness at T»mlou to 8<»il to the East. In * * * »Court Thura'8 notorious plan for' the organization of the Protestant Churches is soon to follow. It ishis dc'tcenr," up*n Sicily. Ever since that telegram Sayere. If he had made it a little earlier, the people of iiig, both were found full of couihustibldB, and proba- • England—lords and ladies, tinkers and railo.rs—wouldbly .amply provided with eatables. The captains were .', wrivi d ourrBritihh public has considered itself illj-used not "have.subscribed £5,000 for the petted hero of the absent, and Certainly the machinist of one, perhaps the . that the'next expected news loitered; > Uniortunately, prize ring."Piemonte: Giuseppe Orlando, an emigrant from Pa-V j however, Sicily is an island. Unhappily, the roads are leiii o, took l.jti place, [>art proprietor of a foundry iu j few and very bad, the mountains are very numerous,6TStfE BAYS LATER FROM EORIPE. **^$&m*m ^««•*»•**«{ £&£g$*• SATfiDINIA.i - The Treaty of Zurich has been approved in (ha a*»)M«*w.» aii^f^^wtf*^***^^* I HULL uniw wni».ii •»•*#•»• -tf-M•^•"^jySSW ofthe^3^t&t and the <S^ ofBaltimore».a^rtjuwi over th««>iwf «,,,?.Tliereport<>f the Committee|ibnr-tbe TieaWf «» 0rIMPORTANT FROM SIC I4S*>eCESSJE» OF 43ARIB i • . - _ ' , » • , ,, . . .ffceBcpeslof thePaperW.^ fce&secl. •GEEAT BtheSS* ah.,TM Qt^ustow ^ fcaceonImday. *oerr^^^^ ^ (<Jf t b e( f f ^^The following is the " Narative of Events:" •^ ^ stores. TheNeapolitan garrisonfledat once, and 'government, and was.obtaining a list of. the names ot • " MAv 9, 1S60.—From the 18th davof April the con-:'\'".'i'"/f/7/ccpunlish strong articles against the Garibaldi Of public securities. This "bill, moreover; wouW, estaWvented her news from re/*&>b»g us tiR Saturda/. Shep&^&w©iL-and of all|iizes, and tubmen descended in a most oiderly i liberty of traveling and absolute exemption from pay- politan corps, which had been sent against him; •manner,'^! boat after boat came alongside the ladder. i Bient. GariValdi, who wag known to be in Genoa, andr j± ^ £ foy jjtfc morning, and -wasissistedTiiESTATE OF,EUROPE.tance! brt board.that buch refngees shall hot bis ship, any pduiiealebW-.d sane j on £hore, and M. 0 i /h earliest opportuniw to sen-i safety cb.ewhere. Visfrom; Pi howe ,-er,, why the fact of i. i la*n^d this act of usual; hnp gover imont of the count: -v port, if the rnterests tit: ber fo a quire :ihatke should remaii; th«!„ ".THE EASTER:V "Bv.tXAVj May 2L—K!tgl-.a•conseit'tothe assembung of Powej s,for the settfement r f tTkf,"KjrfiHz Zc\tun& niy<k>ubtj tho correctness, ox fthei rM| notopX)seam eventual! iiii ithe CI ristians in Torkevf. publishedbn.'Saturday hu-t att itudje of %Engiand which v, atatempfr.: . \ . . j -YiKysAj May• 19.-4-AiirtH-are saidtoagree to the folle IviFirst As to the maintenam tOttonian Empire. j8ccoiidr Should a n innuiri- iEnropean.Christians.in Turkey.. •/but each time the royal troops took to their heels as soon-as they got sight of the rod blousosef Garibaldi's volunteers.The Hungarian difficulty is becoming more and more- threatening. Count Reehberg believed that he might induce the old conservatives to sanctionBy this tii|ie.the affair was g^t'ing very exciting; the : who at times"• bebaniO invisible and inipossible to be NeapclitaS i si bad evidently caught sight of them, and I found, at last fixed his re.-ihervce in the Palazzo Passu---were retaining as hard as tlicy .could come, and 4 cleared:M action too.' The frigate, too, was commg •down wi^i every sail set, right before a beautiful bieeze. »Jll certainly was a. splendid sight to see the cool ai.d sliijady way in which the insurgents got -into the beats \ to be paddled to the shore.- But now theTA ATITKW: OF TURK BY—GAR IBAl.DI IN SIpILY r'. RJEFOLUTJON IS HCKGARY.Ttirrcr; May 19, i860.aiiy information as to the light in which the Sicilian the tea and sugar duties were retaiued, was inexpedient i ho, at Quarto, and here in numerous bodies came rto- inwimction v,as ivjgarded by the other Powers of heywere-.boundtoreject.it. •; > :> ? j gether an (1were concentrated coiuinuaiiy/oot only .the E n r q e , and Cfqiecbdly by France? . ' The Duke of Argyle itsisted that its repeal was in I new arrivals, hot those numerous Genoese Whom ante- Lo.d J. Russell replied: " l cannot undertake to strict consistency with the pi incipies of finance adopted*t biic^arid Savoy to France, the insurrection oi Sicily, and Garibaldi's expedition; and now therefused the honor and responsibility of such a posi- the fri-ateijl which is by this time getting disagreeablyand without any eonce;umeni,, anus and amniunit-ion Sicilian insurgents on behalf of the Neapolitan Gov- were iaben to the i/alauw.' PuHsario, whieh wus thus ernment, [hear, bear.]",convtjrud into an 'arsenal. Arias and munitions of From The London Timet.'........... 90 14—101p r e«*«iuabbiesy-ha8 again set out tor Constat tinople said, .got his dismission. Mr. Zsedenyi, the Rev.il2'.V B o w is this to be ? Om. British public has been for ihe last week impatient ro know. It is only a veryreasons—and he might have retired with honorto bim- sei(f and satisfaction to bis countrymen. As it is at this moment, Heenan is Champion of Englandt ; Sayershae1%.tb secret iostructious. Prince Napole<>a is toetc; in ers.Pien.ohteKubaiviui-—that ie, the sasu'e to whom the CVigbai-] be-longed). The first of these .steumei-s had arrived few days sfnee it "heard that the idea of this invasion retired, and Heenan defends the belt againstallcm^ere. tiie day before from Tunis; tne. other was not, "to j had been conceived. We c<>n number the hours sijice This ie tantamount to an acknowledgement of defeat by leave until the'.mh for the Italian hue. Notwithstand- j Garibaldi >aiied from Gtnoa, and succeeded in effectingmeans to be instituted iaclu-j: facts givenby Ruesiayibutii; and upon tbe f;vets reported •,-.i-f«.Uuw vaa fii abent one month, and a French, fleeta ^iors and Consuls in the Ea«>\.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm'imm^mimi^mmm^^WW"tion, and their example was soon imitated by tworj£astern question^ too—the most formidable of of the Transyrvanian, one of the Croat, one of the fours, and|narched oil', as if from parade. Ah! thereDalmatian, one- of. the Austrian, and one of the goes a shk from the steamer—-short, by George!•ait European oiievtians—is again reopened. 'M. X*-»valeUe, distinguished'for the diplomatic skill by which be wa*» able to aggr/indize the, difficulty con-c- u.ii'ii the kt-ys of tee Church at Jerusalem, and could not meet, as was originally intended, and the Batig, hang, hang, gun after uu a abreast ofjltnem. ^Ho sirver star at Bethlehem until the Russian •institution -was again a dedd failure. This refusal whole' bro ideido -of grape .and canister. There is -war and the Crimean campaign grew out of these led to a ministerial crisis. Count Thun,. as it.is not a,man.Uo he seen; they are all down, the stormnaiVce; in this way iindptbe'i-sgiving- publicity' to the should be tied to Htree uno shot to death somewhere inthe mighhorhcod <d'Palermo, history will describe him don Morjting Pout says: -^. , ,.•'-' *• ,bSerb nominees. Thus the scheme of ReehbergThere goeii another; the men. on the mole dip, and itpasses ovlr them; again they march. But here'sprej arauonsaginnst-Sicily. The departure Of the ex- u If Stiyeis were equal to maintaining thejpogition of pedition u us frcqueutiy'put off; it was announced chat UHa'rubh adventurer. Jihe a thousand other namelesswas defeated; and the Imperial Council of State the fright', she has shortened sail and is pat-singit wbufd.'lie coivcviitrated in'Malta on the arrival of the vittin h, who had jiiVal without judgment and courage Champion he ought to have upheld it^as be has led the 5th of May. -G!u the afieroooii.<>f that day 1U0 aruiftd •without; conduct. If he should drive the- Neapolitans public to expect he would. - If, however, he' finds thatai.d tne stubborn, short-sighted policy of Vienna, the Neap(|if,an cruisers. The point of disembarkation defeat, Garibaldi put to flight the royal troops withis a vastfand almost impenetrable wood, where same way .were emba keu six rilled cam.on,-got to- pVrwr of. Austria etiil looks to Italy. He cannot north-w estem portion of the island, with the.exoeption little impjrer eion can be made by a regular army. gether •from' the. Ltinks of Nervi. By. daylight chef«»rget that he waa deceived at VilUfranca, when of ihe towns of Palermo and Trapani, upon which he The nudfoers who landed- are variously stated, at sreameis were s»^en toward ihe east .coast, and it is be- he relied upon Napoleon's promise as regards the . •was marching: ' [ S00 to 1,4$)0. Perhaps the former figure is more cor- lieved thiit tLi^y stopped at various placet to communi-rect. TI* expedition was commanded by Captain cate with the lain:, in his* statement; the captain, of zeat. ration of tbe Archdukes of Mod-na and Tns- f " NAPLES, May 18. Oilando,!* Sicilian, and among the Btaff of Garibaldi the An aid, bearing the royal nag, decrared that he hadthe great shapeless stone which, as we see in the map, conducted them to a decision that four of theMbmbbre the toe of the Italian boot is always kicking before it. whb have acted as orokers to Pulloiger, and have ear-y eany. He suppyirts the Pope and the King of " The NeapoUtan troops have abandouea the |rrov- are the vliji-known names of Uiloa, Oi-sini, Medici, seen them leave tbe.Guli «of Spezia distihettyj betweeninces of Palermo and Trapani, and have retired within biapiev, and he muat oppose the Pru-'sian schemes iie towns. ..•".'.' • '.Tiirr, K'llpka, and Arduino. 6 and 7 o'clock, lull of people. Among the persons on '.'• Therl is a report this m)rning that' another expe- board are pilots of- three merchant vessels, Palcrmi- ^fuiiincation in Germany, and thus he cannot " The provinces are in fall insurrection. 3,000 in- dition has landed at Melazzo, near Messina, whieh lans, who deserted ou the otb for Genoa.'1 All the in-from Palermo, at a seaport town called Marsala, of il— establishment which prohibits the meaibcrs tojltraasact renown for its wine, but now partially redeemed by busiin se for clerks without the knowledge of their em- ,ts cwnuection with this desperate enterprise in fa- ployers. By a resolution passed to-day, the Commit-' -vmandainiB can'afford to piay w< who will collect their cudoins i arises Ihe strange anomalyj of wtime they.collect for the <;hiiu se the ports, and pay them oyer salaries of the collectors, and tl jieror with the sinews of war. forwarded more than §1 )0,000, tion .by"British officirils enabdr pay up even the arrears vhieh ti war had caused to aeoifn u|aw. open ports, British officia Is, mnumer attaches of Lord Elgjrs jEijing from British ships, and forkvt •rial treasuiy, the very dtillarfj w tlie repairs cf theTaku f irtsji.airoad to Pekin. Thisstrapg? CotKong, will eidiice as an e::<un lb. It must; be prcinised.thut Sv at<fao^d,.\)\Z"mCtjbn wltu a denunciat.iou oftbe pr^'eednigs a&ascandaltoreligion,andobservedthattheileoodaetof[the Rev. Bryan King was, to say the least of, fc, officer has Ix'en appoiiitcii. [•'" cnfpably injudicious. The Ordiuai'y. !ie was",^orrv J^sa>', had not sufficient power to deal with these riotsIffltueh a feunmiary way as to put them down, akiioughthe. toleration of such disturbances was a moetijd-inger-oue precedent. If the present law was not! s'rotigenough tkypreserve the peace, he thought'th^i, someefficient measure'ought to be introduced for that pur-pose into parliament as 80oh, as possible.KBJydRR DAILY TttlBUNiS, MONDAY; JtfNB ^, I860.letter, written by a young volunteer to his parents Oncon Sicirfamous have Godpetted me* iddle, left,1country andthe captain ordered the Neapolitan.frigates to de- of health];!buttherewas .t/iat confounded semaphore i UJity way rest only on the authors, promoter;*, and ac- parents;; now, thecal) is from God and my country, I point—the privileges of that House, contrasted wS!compromising, tbo, tlid whole of Europe, the responsi-sist from flring until his officers should return. iwhtgmgl itearms about as if in a perfect ragej so the ! coniptices bf this barbarous invasion. The undersigned must obey the.call." ..hose of the House of Commons, m Ixird Monteagle warned their lordships %,& *L juestiontheywerecalledupontodetermine1was,nnt.'hethtirtheyshouldadopttliebillfortherepealof<lillion and a half of taxation, but whetber-tllis woukt )m ioisb the security for the payment of tJie'charj^ mtheConsolidatedFund;whichwouldstrikeattk&good geutij-.mau was placed in front, andordered to: -meantime repents the ae-mranees'of lis d.isUnguiShed The2?eapolitaB3ofceyed,andgaribaldi,takinga&- ^vaHCStriaghttotbesemaphore: Inabouttenminutes|"eonsideratiou.• "''',.." ' "GAUAITA.vantageofthisdelay,landedallhismen,and Itceased]romitslabor's; Anotherpartybought,outan : iudividuaj who was suiting as'a commissioner for the IWifli more in the same strain. The letter is signed "KiniildoArconati,"amereboy,of"anoblefamily. Of Kiich, stuff is the funk and file of Garibaldi's army' •aion a fe-rt •'weeks before. He was found, and his ! Genoa especially Sicilians), of Lombards, Piedmon- Of the French jiress, the Monde and the Gazette dc•way to Palermo, -while/the frigates fired their papers di|tjribateuin much smaller pieces than be hud i tese, Koniagnoli, and 'I'uscans, of notorious political%trbole ciedit of the country, and deteriorate the valaa has 660 steerage ..and €© xabin passengers fox New , broadsides most helically into the two -empty intended ^another party bpo.ned the prison gates, and ! ' exaltation,' and, more r.markbbfy still, ot that crowd movement; the former arguing that the attempt, even, lisb a precedent which no honest man would mb'tnte m ''York. 'steamers, abandoned by -tbe crews, until they *w I of Vulunteers of whoiii m the last war Garibaldi Icaling with bis cieditors. He moved to defer theThe Vanderbik ; f r t f m ^ ^ p ^ on ^ e 23d sunk one and captured the other.- The Were afterward distributed-among the regular forces, tkeMurexpressitgltr astonishment that the Powers of Second reading for six months. ^ !i I^ord Duflerin supported the bill.The year 186*0bids fair to become as imj»ortant the policy of Austria by accepting office; and, iteaiu<;isa!i'e how drawing well 'within range, and still th^re are It indreds to land; the foremost steamer stops..-t far -Europe as for the United States. W e 1aye al without asking their consent, he had the nomina- —how we Iwatched tliat' bow gun of hers! Whyon the part of tire Gbvbrnn.eut, which did not show it- told thai the ship sent by the Austrian Government to peal, and in suprp.ortingthe amendment he-performed j self, in the slightest degree aliccfed. • While the inten- rlie Waters of Naples has ber-n dispatched entirely for only what be d<-emed. a solemn duty, with no desire totion of six of them-to the Imperial Council pub- doesn't, sh|] fire? Hud she done so she. mig! it havere»dy-wit«essed the annexation of Parma, Modemi, Blaughteref them like sheep. But. no;.'she backs andTutscat.y, and tbe Legations to Sardinia, the cession lished in the official Gazttte* They unanimously tills, now jj|bead,.now astern, signalling all the time totion of eh'ecling.an.armed landing in Sicily, to -foment tlr*r protection of Austrian subjects. I do not find that eninanass the Government, still less to overthrow it,, the. revolution, was notoriously declared by public prot.Lclese.. Brjllvo, time baa not been wasted, they are alllanded, .ana as they reach the mole they are formed in........ JSl roxien............... VZ—193-gently albltf in a line witij the mole; now she s rightO'-ps* remains ubdimin shed, stroog enough to of those dm lung, brilliant affairs that only such a manbe the case, \se may count upon the withdrawal of as Gariba) U'could have accomplished. A landing Genua. Without-.being iiii'peded^either by the giptrd- ' the telegraph* in the.hands of the Government, and theot***ruu A ^ a Minor, and Priuce Gorchako, 5* is un- the obnoxious decree; though even such a mea- effected wi h 1,200 men, each aimed with.a rifle, a re-or l.y a Spanish ship of war.'or by two French steam- j has betn so very thoughtless as to 'and upon that pointoutsking bis oiplo«»»tic battories at St. Petersburg, by calling the Embassadors* of all Europe, with the e*«eptio)u of tfae Turk, together," and hivifeiug totUi totake the condition ofthe Christians iu Tuikey into coopideration. This is the first.stepsure comes too late to allay the excitement of the Protestants. Hungary is on the vcrge'of a fevo- tion; but no outbreak will take place before Aus- tria is involved in a foreign war. .ITALY.• GARIBALDI IX SICILY.The latest-news from Garibaldi is hardly explicit enough to be satisluccory. -One thing is quite certain:yblver, •an la cutlass; large quantities of spare arms nd ammui ition, and four field pieces; this was done in just on] hour and. three quarters, in the very teeth of a frigati and two' steamers, without hurry or disor-. der,'andv%Ithontreturningashot. Intheduskofthe frigate'B boats towed the steamer outsidedrriw more than i;6 feet. -f*;>|.'The Secretary of State has advised her Majesty to-fraht a free pardon to the Rev. Mr. Hatch, which will ejimmediately prepared. In the mean timel an order for tin- early gratification of the laudable curiodity felt forj'the immediate release of the prisoner Iwas dis-by his well-wishers here in England. patched from the Home Office on Saturday afternoon.lor kit'big the sick man, whom now even the skill , *< his E«.i;• isti frieads cannot 'save. JKu* sia andFiance bav« cumo to an uuderstandmg about aia»ir partition, as a basis for a revwion of ;;he ter-liionai arratigenients -of Europe. ' If England isWhen, .therefore, Garibatdi, on the 11th of thissUhmers to be taken as trontiies l>y tns prudent pur- Hall, Edinburgh, on Friday afternoon, MayjlS. •nAliitg to enter inCo this cooupact, she may have Tbe Neapolitan Government is systematically lying-, lay, they :|mndoned their intenion. Had they doneand lying in the most eilly manner, *bout the move-- t the first choice, aud the lion'* share ^ if she refuses, so ir woulB have boeu quite useless, for the insurgentsfWM'- Times City Article of Monday says: j 'J. - of those who passed through those terrible stfaite. In 1,•mems ax.d.fortunes of the insurgents. Dispatci.es pub- evidently lid not wish to use her again, Garibaldi and cOinpieted. before, sunset, and this circumstance, affect-tt^ev,»ikr^ill.bt>d«>ue withouther, andovenagainst lished at Naples and Rome s.'ated that the bands of his men, {considerably ree'nforced, having marched ing a seizure ol tee steamers, proves beyond doubt thatbvr. ] . I away at five in the morning toward Salemi, en route it was done by daylight. . -. -. • a hero should take.more than three days in overturning thei jburrender of the £ 1 ,o00,000 a year derived; from the •Garibald: had teen met and totally routed by the royal •for PaleriMp.", . ' . , " Jt is re])ojt*-d tJiai in moving away from tbe Foce, a dymusty or conquering a continent. The more fkkle papier duty, produced, perhaps, some effect on theeveningthe mote,theineurgi its had evidently damaged the' machinery before 'leaf her. The other was stiil hopelessly agnnmd, 'id there.she lies still,, perfectly ''gutted" by this time. The Neapolitans were about to lire uponfiles in the Btov.eS of one of the, two vessels, ' waited i to give motion to tiie wheels (operations which, at theleapt,.i require-an hour),- -.uni, taking the other in tow, left the port and anciiored a' scarcely a gunshot from the n.i.iii;;.ry barracks of the Foce. Here they wailedJdr.nnjnerons marine stores. and a considerable crowd of volunteers, enlarged by the'aVidition of the curious. The embarCation began under the direction and presi- dency of Garibaldi, those who were leaving following one another for the most,part in carriages, and accom- panied by friends, who cheered them. The embarca- tion, which Was in part effected froni the port, was notEUSSI ThcORUfisian troops in theid after dark the steamer towed her away;• The installation of Lord Brougham as Chancellor ofmonth, sprung asbor'e.at Marsala, leaving his two the University of Edinburgh, took place in the Music reported to have been placed mher .the following morning, but as they could hardly have dontjfthat -without doing unmeure damage to the English Mfctory directly opposite to which the steamersu« rs, be disrip[>ear< d from tne civihzed world. For awhile'we heard nothing at all. Etna smoked no higherthun usual, aio the ships of commerce and transit thatpassed the is'and had heard no morefw'onderful sounds to (jlirsuade him from opposing the repeal of the duty than iivall a^-s have been supposed to reach the ears on.tlaper. ,' v '.Aui-irni,too,wastohavegotashareinth5spar--troopsatCaiataFimi,onornearthe14thofMay, It 'AnoiheJletterfromMalta,says: whichhappenedabout6o'clock,oneofthesteamers portionofthepubJic.werebeginningtodoubtinGari- tko/u, accordnigto Napoleoa's sehemel He wi?salsostatediba't6,000Neapolitanswereinhptpur- "Thee!|:pedirionwhichhasjustlandedatMarsala tookintowaGreeksailingyesst1,made,likethesteam baldi. Somewentsofarastothinkhimaltogethera wistud to befriend. Fraueia Joseph; but Prince suit, of tbe beaten insurgents. 'It was even said that. avoided tfl icoast of Sicily, bugging the coast of Sar- eie,an arsenal for the service ol those inhabitants of Sici- •myth, and, as HoraceWalpole has disproved all the ac-Garibaldi was not in Sicily at all. The latest authentic dinia, and then making lor'a point-south 'Of Marsala, ly-who should follow the impulse. In the course of the cus;.lions against Richard III., and as Archbishopfunds;notsomuchfromtliepossibilitythatitmay necessitatemodificationsintheCabinet,astfromtho belief that the discussion on the point will lead to a recognition of the serious character of our revenue protpects for 1861.". IncQimection with Pullinger's frauds, The London Daily Newsofthel&'dsa}s: i'"The Stock Ejxcbange Committee have no;i Shrunk from the duty which was imposed upon themj through nierevelations made in connection with PulRuger's twinsaction?. Their long and laborious 'inquiry hasGorcbaki.ft'H autipiithy against tae ingratitude o/ wbtn«'e it]went to the islands of Forrniche, and from night of the 4tli,•Garibaldi embarked in.a launeh, aud Au(«<ria, wbieb is U-M by all the Russian armyy intelligence is comprised in tne .following dispatches, tbaVpointl]Snide for Muvala. From this it wt.-uid ap- j.:.tsed with otheis on T)o;iid the steamers toimake an 1 from which it -will be seen that, so far from suffering pear ^bat the. Sardinian steamers must have gone round mspectibn.-' Considerable and numerous packages con-Whately has demonstrated tbe non-existence of Na- poh or; 1., so it lie •ame quite likely that the Neapolitan Government would sucvieed in pereuudicg Europe that tT;.ere_Was in Sicily no such persoh as Garibaldi. Gradually, however, there came vague sounds from this i*Jaiid of Classical echoes. The power of the King of Naples over this wild, mountainous piece of earth is concentrated cbb.fiytin Palermo and Messina. Sicilyis" Great disorder prevails at Palermo., -agree with tbe plans of the French Emperor. urgeuts have joined tbe Garibaidians. • I hope-tonverify bclbro the steamer leaves. If this habitants oi-Genoa plight nave been eyo witnesses of vor of liberty. Soon after it was certain that Gari- •ee, solely upon thisground, have suspended ,|;hree of.TinaiL - The Engliah Go» ermnej formed the corps of. the Clmssettrs of the Alps, who if successful, must lead to bitter disappointment, and. a revolutionary'commitjte^.in the' present state of fljft'ai which ought to make-ajBriti*trfc., arrived at ^ 8 ^ ^ ^ g^-mlay mor»n^. The Italian hero toad already taken possession cleaned•oi'nicn, store's,, guns and ammunition, the latter and who, as-.-we are assm-ed, were recently and• e&- Europe ntund quietly by and permit a private individual | The Duke of Rutland hoped their lordships wonWAfriea arrived - A i^erpool on the V$th ufc. of the town, and hastened toward Monreale, •being laid along the mole to be removed as soon as both ''presfily dismissed the .service. . V V to treat interna/ional law with contempt, while doing not assent to the bill. • : ' a Nwtnolitan or in-ra.$iciji. -A.d*iatch"' &£&&&#&, May 21, say** where the forces of the insurgents were concen- The shr . VigiJam, oi Bath, hence for New-York. trated. He-met on his way three different Nea-steaii crs1 fere cleared. There appeared somo delay in i " This multitude poured onward by; sea. and by rail- >| Lord Cranworth said the constitutional ques+ion was getting hoiks to disembark the people from the steamer j way, where, according !,b a report, which, up to the on his own authrity what no State, however powerful, ibe which involved tbe House in great difficulty.general rule; and thereforeof such ship of war shonld-; o cal refugees, yet be qugbt' give j up airy who may reacaaground, but at length they arriv-ed in any i|iumbers, 'present time, has not been contested; they had absolutew..nld ever think of attempting. i| Lord Chelmsford said: If .the House had the power In the English .1fotiee of Commons, on the'22d of rind the right to reject this bill, there devolved upon May, Mr. A, W . Kin^iuke asked the Secretary for ibeir lordships a .corresponding duty, and if they be- Foivign Affairs, whether l,e'could give to tbe House lieved that the taking off this <ax at the same time that; cedenffacls, the Sbooting societies, and other eircum- aiowtr the quest ion|-whicb tbe honorable member has by Parliament. ".! siantes, pointed out as ultra Liberals. This concourse put to n-e us to wlifithe other Powers of Europe think The EarJ of Derby said the main question v/as, the awakt-rndgeneial at ent.ion, arid apprehension, except of tl e Si'ilian iusu?rection.: I can only say that I am abolition of the paper duty and the objection to its re-placards, by public subscriptions, theatrical represeurrt- any Of the Powers of Europe—-certainly neither Ans- jiAfter a reply by Lord Granville, their'.lordahira, tions, and Other ni'-angy open to all, in, broad daylight, tria nor Spain—intend to take any part against the dlyided, when the numbers were as follows: '•Content. (Pre^ci.t (I'r»xte«Preheat Not content j p£war freely circulated atterwurd through the city, not Garibaldi is a herd or a origand; all men of his stamp Mojoriry against tlie second T*-.c.iln%............89' -obeipngiiig.tb any n.ihtaiy department nor to the ord- divide the world in admiral ion or execration. If ho ffnk CHAMPib.NSiiiP.—A eoiTei-pondenfc of TJis Jj)n-THE GUEA T EASTERN'.—The outside of the tdiip has been repainted, and a number of men are employed in ship of the'.port, or by ibo Sardinian vessels of war, j railway* yet to be made., Add to this that Garibaldi ,scrapng off barnacles, her bottom having pecome somewhat foul. When ready for sea the'.ship will notj1 : (of the island which is furthest away from the Straits of hi fine, by the land battery, the aggressors lighted tbe | Messina and the coast of .Italy, and'which, although itels which were, there, or by the maritime arsenal; or, jmay possibly be best! adapted for his own immediate )uii«ntlytillthesu/aiiii<seandhadstrengthsuffiehmt |object,asbeingfu-thest.from.Naples,yetisillsituated'' 'V." .... •\jBLw position is really lamentable; . his army is . ." Ditches are being dug 'round Palermo to, defend be true] me Calabrias, which are rocking, are already these facte." j . ' baldi had landed neWs .came that he had held the peisons inculpated untd the annual election inthe city. The enthusiasm is general. up, or imftr.be so direc.ly. . - . . The official'.Picdmonlese Gazette, of Turin, May 18, the town.of Sarsala under a bombardment, that he March next, i. e., for a period of ten mouths; jjwhile in lions upon this China exseditibidemoralized, his adminiatration discredited, bis " AlAY20, Evening. [•'•"The jfesuvio has come in from'Palerino with .451 publishes an article refuting, the accusation of minis- had sent forth 1is outposts to reeonhoiter the positions bnances in the most distressing confusion, his " O n the 16th inst. Garibaldi put to flight the .Nea- pnesengeji:, all Sicilians in flight; 136 are without pass- of the Royal forcea, that he bad receiveu the insurgent subjects 0|>en*y d-?ly his orders, and still his pre- politan troops at Caiata' Eiini. He Was expected at ports. Ijftiave'been unable to get you intelligence by terial connivance iu the affair of- Garibaldi. The chiefs of the island, and that the Neapolitan Generalihe fourth instance, the sentence is three months' sus- pension. "We refrain from mention ing the names of tbeparties, pending the formal confirmation of the res-'Paiumico yesieiday. His troops aie intrenched in a it; it is cji'pectcd that Garibaldi would march upon the article say s: lad thought it prudent tocall in all his forces from the blution, which will take place to-morrow, when the Uuoio: i> are now as extravagant as they wore a Scaii-circle round Palermo. capital. jlPrince Isgbitella has been bogged t^Take the " The Government bus disapproved of the expedi- outlying,, posts and to concentrate them in Palermo. decision will be ported up in the Stock Exchange. Itv.ben MetWrMcb's talviita and prestige brought to bear the weight of the whole empire upon divided Germany, emasculated Italy, and defeated France!" The Neapolitan troops and functionaries are dis- con.maiujl but. positivtly declines to risk bis reputa tion and attempted .to prevent its departure by suoh Then came' doubtful and inconsistent rumors, how is understood that the Committee will also shortly pub- couraged. - •••",. tion; hef inks it all too late. -There is great.conster- means as j-rueence and theTaws woud permit. The Garibaldi had advanced to.Morreale, which is within lish,;ifbr general information, the results of then*'en-," Great popular enthusiasm prevails. naiiou h<L e. Signer(Cm-iifaand Mr. Elhot were both Sardinian smps-of~war bad orders to prevent a lauding, four miks of Pi.lerujo; that he was at Aleamo, which dejayors to trace that por ion of the money squandered | "' A rumor is enn-eut that part of the City of Paler- with Ba )n Brenier to-day: but could do no" more than the Neapolitan vessels, is twenty-live mile* from Palermo; that he laid been by- iPullinger which passed tanugh the Stick Ex-'mo is in the hands of the populace. U Fro i Messina official intelligence is to the effect which Were cruising in the Sicilian |\vaters. Europe -utterly routed at a place called Caiata Fimi, which is change. The «ask of continuing the investigation now " The position of Morreale, which "commands Paler- that the rbops on the night, of the 13th were kept iu knows that the Government of-, tue King does not hide still further away froni Palermo, and that tbe whole devolves upon the directors of the Union Bank, "who-, The parts played by the different States of Eu- mo, has be«n invested by the troops of Garibaldi. quarters and the British vice-Consul, had.given direc- its solicitude lor the common country; but at the same expedition bad been dispersed, chiefs killed, and flags are tryiug to trace bank notes which have; '.'.passed'Bands of insurgents are marching on Palermo. tions th.a tive English residents be in readiness to go lime if,- understands and respects tiie principle of inter-, an,d prisoners taken. Ail this was inconsistent .aud through-the hands of third'parties quite nncbnnrjcted '* Poj)ular luajuiiestations titko place repeatedly. . It on boar her Majesty's steamer. It was believed that national law, and neheve* u,s duty to be to make that impossible in its sequence, but by no means improba- with Pullinger or with the Stock Exchange."!];. rope have changed since then. The revolution of lHAti swept away, thu prestige of many time-hon-Victor Emanuel ascended the throne about the crived this morning, announces that the Neapolitan was sah , was up." ;'".'' . 'same time (December, 1848, and March, 1849). army has been totally deleated, near Palermo, by the The f llowing extract is from a letter dated Paris,soldiers of Garibaldi. \" Saturdaj May llJ; the defeat of B.ixio was subse- Each of them chose a different policy, and each of " A messi'ige, dated ' Palermo, 20th May, evining,' quently lenied:- •".•_ . --m ibeni has arrived at,a different goal. Francis Jo- slates that a rumor was current that Garibaldi had ob- "The b'rencn.Government has received a di-patch seph,victoriousinthefirstmonthsofhisreignin tainedadecidedvictory-overMorreale." annonncpgthatapartofGaribaldi'sforce,underthe° Italy, was defeated in Hungary, but by the aid of The King of Naples, greatly alarmed,-has determined commiin of M. Bixio, had been attacked betweento send (Sen. Filangieri or Gen. Lanya to Sicily, charged Mnrgala nid Piilt-rmo by the .Neapolitan, troops, andis believed that Paitrmo will sUortly be evacuattsd by -ored dynasties, and laid bare the weak points of the royal troops." ' J, •16r0pU-p rsoiis were enrolled on the part of the insur- gen'is. 'he enthusiasm wat| immense, and^SOO. yolun- Ueisinheprovinceof^l^ssinaalonehadenrolledprinciple respected in tue Staidj for the swfuty of iVhjeii ' bl- in its general purport., All the places mentioned .)The religivus dissensions in the Church of St. George'a- it is responsible." ;'•• are tn^^eoirect rout: trGiii *Utt«lrto Palermo. In in-tbe-Eaet have found their way into Parliament. In followingtt.atroutetheinsurgentswouldfmveto theHouseofLords,onthe£zd;LordDu^tgaunonRUMORLB MOVEMENT IN, THE PAPAL traverse a broken, mountainous country, new to them called attention to the continued, disturbancesIon each«>ery.kingdom. FrancisJoseph,Napoleon,and "PARIS,Monday,May21,2p.m.f*: A telegram from Naples, dated last night, and re- themseb es in the last few days, .The whole island, itistheoccaeionofnumerous~seJbLnssia he became once more the uncontrolledmaster-of his Empire. He then threw himself ••e^aiate Government. The news of this appear* to u It is not true that the iiugsian.Eiubaesadorjiit Turinwho have destroyed in every province the histori- applkd by telegraph to the Queen- of Spain, for as&ilt- /•It. ii said-that the Austrian Government, Jias de- cal rights and traditions, of the population, and ancti, in virtue of a family compact. .This aid waajfe cided TO nterfere in .Sicily. If BO, it will produce au tried to establish a new ceutrattzed empire upon fused, as will be seen by the foilpyrfflhg extract from addition I complication. -us reported ihis afternoon that dipiomatiij r,ela- the, foundations of tne JDivine Right and of the AJUidrid papera; fioiis'ha been suspended between the Governments ofA British bark haviug' c> l:i<: I..to ofler ;he-peopl« a general amnesty, a Viceroy, i*ui a defeated with the loss of cannon and'prisoners. HH"*tom-house boat, whose elm f-t ItCbtfo the hands of reckless reactionary adventurers, have had no etiect on the insurgents. TUe Kmg aVo had protmerely afked explanations oi the Sardinan Govicruirieht.' "TURIN, May 21, i860.11 A telegram dated Rome, May 20, has been re- of The mountains and dispersing the rebellious batMswounded. The captain of thjtl b for murder, but that indiCtrdi it changed to assau^lt with inSent >'Concordat;Thefirststepsseemedtobe'successful. The-£*//«««says: TurinatidNaples. The French Governmenthasnot , ; According to information which we have received, yet received any official dispatch to that, etiect. What An*tri»» troops occupied Aucona and Hamburg the Cabinet hasresolved to inform the Government of gave risjfe to the'report was that M. Cnrufa, the Nea- *tthe same time, and destroyed every vestige of Naples tlsat the present state of Europe, aud the m poihan Minister, had, presented a protest- to the Mar-To-day tbe.tide has turned, and it is the friends oT energy; a n ^ declared that, so iar as the law allowed^GaribaldiwhohavetheearofEurope. FromTurin the-policehadalwaysactedinthemostenergeticman-:sted.against the expedition oi' Garibaldi. HeEmperor'Napoleou. The Gendarmes had three;killed and two wounded."clared a regular victory,'spoke of flags aud prisoners and slain.all.iu the hands ol the Royal army, and told how the enthusiastic soldiery were driving the passesattempted to board the put • with the loss of one ChineWould withdraw hii motion. - •T|ie Bishop of London B«id that he could settle the mattjer if it were left in his hands, aud he strongly de- nounced both parties in the disgraceful riots, bandthe motion was withdrawn.Afjcoirespondence concerning political refogyea and Biitish shi],» of war, has been laid oefore Parliament; in view of the recent occurrence at Pdermo, iu Siiily>JKigbt years later, we-see hor defeated, bankrupt, urers in that kingdom, it will not undertake the respon- "•Signir-Carafa, the Neapolitan Minister for Foreign agitation at Rome. - '• • - l.'Hh and. Kith there was a tight, and the Neapolitan where the Amerieau Consul g^ivo up a Si *ilian|' moakr3 ue-Jiberty in SchJewig-Holstein and in Hessia. cessities ol'the service in tire dominions of Spaiu, wi (|iiis of JVillamarina' couched in very strong language,cany." j 1" M'AiUBixxKS, Monday, May 21, 1860." Advices from iCome state that Gen. Lamoriciere the city in agitation, and ihe p .pula<;e eagerly sympa-entered that city on .the 13th inst. On the following thizing with the country people outside. Close upon day he dispatched the 2d Regiment .of Infantry, two each other the telegrams now Crowd, and it becomesillprevent it from lending to the Neapolitan sovereign makingf the Sardinian Government responsible, for .Prussia submitted to the lead of Austria, and re- the assistance of J&3,000 Spanish troops which it had Garibaldi's expedition, and for all thefatal consequencesnoi.nced her pretens:ons to supremacy in Ger- applied lor." that miiy result from it." rtnany. Hungary was terrorized, and the world The semi-official Correspondancia also says:insurrection, 3,0Ud insurgents iu arms to join Garibaldi,"mally,cannon-, and detachments of mounted gendarmes. The evident, thai,whatever may be the true history ol the really believed that Austria was a great Power. • "Though olie Cabinet deplores the disturbed state NEAPOLITAN PROTESTAND "NARRATIVE cause of the movement was the march of the Garibal- affair at Caiata Fimi, that,contest was notof a nature of the Two Sicilies^ and the*attacks of daring ad.vent- I QF EVENTS." .'•• dians on Orbitello, the news of which had caused great to delay Garibaldi's-advance upou Pah rmo. On the,-despised. Victor Emanuel, on tbe other hand, in- sibility of counseling intervention which prudence con- demns.".beritcd iiia throne under the most trying circum-stances. Tbe battle of Novara h id crushed the ACCOUNT OF GARIBALDI'S LANDING.svvu The Papal Government was organizing an Urban hoop* were.driven back.. The .result of this was that Affairdj has addressed the following " Pri.test^^and G^nard,' and was making every provision to maintain Gaiil aldi seems to have occupied in force the villige of " Narrative of Events '" to each member of the Diplo- ordejuu Iconic/' . " . . . . I',. Moj-reale, which, »Bthe map shows, is situated upon a matic liody. Wo lirst, give the "Protest ": 'Concerning ihis movement, the Paris Pays contains hill commanding Palermo. If Garibaldi has any gunsit will not be uninieresting. 1In.fbetiiat of the letters, ''Mr,, Elliott, the knglisb ilini-iter at Naples, writes to Lord John Ruso^ll withSTATES.- .The following dit-putchvs speak of. a disturbance saidto have taken place near Moutehaseone:hary Stores thau the adventurers who had just come "Aconflicttookplaceyesterday,near,Moutehas- ashore.PrivatelettersfromPalermowerereceived eone, between the Pontifical Gendarmes aud 350 in- reciting rumors of successes of the bands of liberatorssurgents coming fi-oni Tuscany ; 2b of the rebels, were at places not to he found in the map,"but these seemed wound* d, and Lb kiii'eji, aiuontf whom was the brother hard!} sufficient to outweigh the two steady official of Orsini, ..who attempted the assassination of "tlie announcements from Napbs and Rome, which de-• .hopes of Italy and extinguished the ambition of The following brilliant account Iof Garibaldi's land- l ' , • ' "NAI'LKJS, May 12, 1860. thefoiiowiifg: .•'•,,', with him, this position must render the condition of the reference to a conversation.in the House of Lord*: object of tlie British Chcjyeriime it i • " In the conCreations I hive had with CaptL Pr.°re ing to collect revenue for a nation" A (deed of the most savage piracy lias been per- Neapolitan garrisondcsperuU of 0 1 l l ) J l VCharles Albert. Sardinia was at the mercy^of ing will be of interesi: ,"''/•• pcfratrd by a .horde of brigands, publicly enrolled, •,," Scvera\jourunIs have asserted that a detachment of rate. The oomruan ;er seemsVw $fc ,^" > I e expressed the ' opibibsC that it is actual if not clearh -defined' lw;.Austria; and bad Victor E,manuei yielded to the * ' * • '* , ," On" Thursday, the 10r,h of May, organised and armed in a State not hostile, under the Garibaldi's volunteers crossed part of the territory.of to have been of this opinion, iand to have sallied forth to •NWbuld be extrenielv undesirable to give out that politi-scheme is so uuiversaJly nnpoptj: fbl whether a jury can bo wlirj irjespasser, h'OAVeycr <3 aring be t:;t,got easier terms from the victorious enemy, and with Ithe most shameless .effrontery/ in Genoa,ual, the-ai-ms of the English hue been taken away also, in Turin, in Milan, in Leghorn,. .and/ iu Sienna, for of the press that a corps of Garibaldi's men had lauded quite consistent; If the news holds true, Sicily js lost asylum\mbottid her Majesty's ships, would"possibly EniDase^dorialjproteges and piapparent security for ht^ throne. But She Kiag of lea\ingthem with their Urge lactones and immense air expedition destined against the Royal States,-lost at a small port of Tuscany, aim, passing over the terri- to the Iloueo of Bonrhdn. The- obteetbjF Gai-il>;|ldi,nas be nCfiiiyAsufficient to-produce au outbreak; bu,t, on count for ijb important and'cond Sardinia refu»e.d to follow tlie example of ail the property at the mercy of revolntionisi.s or robbers, or no tinie in calling the attention of the Plfcdmontese tory of the Roman States, had erdered the Abruzzi, is evideiitly been to'get-posWssion ox-tbe more diituiir, of the other\and, it must be recollected, that while a gov- sii ce. probably' not moi-e.than teuiprovided bii'Oielf-wath a few guns from the small - iort which prV»teet* that station, and, eovelopedfib a thick fog, 'tiic^eded io making Cape Bon onrtbebridge with the captain or pilot was an eJEncbr iu a red had jlii hoard, when ihe too royal vessels oruiainff iu THE POPULAR FEELING.blodse, similar to the rest, and distinguished by a the rbighborhood opened on the aggrjossors the fire of •The popular feeling on the subject of the insurrec- culties and new combinations may be produced by this of each individual case. Ho states that,feather in hiFcap. ,This, we cobjectured, to be Gari- arhlh ry. The firing, however, was necessarily HUH- great gain to the interests of humanity is very possible. " Officers in command lire at all times enjoined to i If this foreign prtdeetorafe> ol-.*v•MMwww.fultonhistory.com:at about 9 p. m., we started lrom Palermo lor Marsala, eyes cf that Government, and notwJthstauding the "tb.ji; Suites.of th'e Church, in order r.oarrive at the king- dislodge his besiegers; for now conies our eroWL ...dom olNaples. We can affirm that this ihteifigeiice is tekiirum, which tuings down news to last Suuday'?fugee8 could fand a refuge on board his ship; but- Jt the'evejitjof sueb'a person presenting himself,.propositions of Prince Schwarzeuberg and of old~ in consequence of a dispute at the latter pbice beiweenJUadeizky, by abolishing the constitution, to which the General commanding that district and the British muent, ipromises received from the same Govertnuent, to pre- neichants residing there. A general disarmament of vent in The Royal GovernmAt,. having been informeden'irelv erroneous." '• 'On trie same 8uhje<?t the Opinion Nationalc says:night, and tells us tliat the Neapolitan army has been entirely defeated close to Palermo.*i^HKt t t t 0 b e lg 'ided by the ciivuu.staucea of the parf-.2fne ofien-repeatcd charge fli i XUe nation was not yei accustomed, he might have thfc- people had taken pkwMj, ana, wbat is rattier unus- oi 'the pi-epai-ations which were being made, . " The unlikely news given yesterday by some organs The chain of .tacts thus strung together seems to be andun&ment that political refugees could !tud a **** VraVigt^uient is simply ,tb provide H-twith tlie Chinese official*, aud]iviii • tie by bitle, to win4he aff'ecions of ali Ifcily; and two-Neapolitan steamers, sent to watch our proceed- ane'esj and atsertions ..-which arrived",""'couliruuug_the_ " The official journal of Rome, publishes an account army, butneitliel Pah-vino nor Messina is fortified with tain would drive back into the fangs of-his pursWs a all fears of losing their revonuy-..«*w-hflt sees himself at the head of eleven millions ings, no doubt* Ai about 10 a. m. on Friday, the 11th, character of the relations of a good undcrstaudiug-, and of. a victory gained by .Pontifical gendarmes over. a view to'defenee from au enemy coming from, the jtersbsr who had once got on bbai'd and appbafed^or it was simply formiug 'a ItindOl Br weanchoredoffMarsala. TheIntrepidsaonlyafter ofthatmutual'abstinencefrominterferencewhichwo>-300"Garibaldians,"wnohadenteredthePapalTer-. interior. IftheKinghaslostPalermo,Messinamust poie^fion. Aslarus1haveasceihiiued,1hecaptalff& •overthe.luiperialreyeuu?ssolfar of Itahazis, bt-l^vnd by bis subjects, and the virtual anchored about half way between us [aud the shore. always had the intention of maintaining.^The Govern ntory from Tuscany/, From information in our pos- follow, and there is rot much chauco of rec.uiqueot by of Ji'ar A.ajesty's ships have acted with the.uttnyst pru- ' •c-oncerucd; aud, so that the |ni|uidaKing-of all JLtaly. Even Mazzim acknowledges The two NeapohtsmB continued their journey, appa- mem rf the King has, notwithstaudiugZeoutinu'ed to - etsioii, we feel confident ih>tt when- me particuJ the present King of Naples. The impulse here; is torently o take a look further on the coast, or to acquaint watct overtbe uesigns of the factions whV^aj'e united ars of . rejoice'. A* the news pastes from man to man, oven deuce and discretion, and when asked, as souio' hava V'dollars, it was doubtless su'ppos»'d -thepolarityofthebrawKing,and, surrender- thisconflictariive,itwillbeseenthatthepersonithe Irigate, which Was cruising in that direction, with m Ge ibaand Leghorn for the object so well knowniEg Ma republican principles, fi^ts for Italian our arrival off tiie place. They had barely got out of and K is followed their' proceedings, an abridged bar-. whonl the gendarmes-were engaged, had no commis-. assmiblios e-fery* face lights -up with. joy.. No ono political refugees, their reply has been their sole dutysight when two other steamers were seel coming rativt of whicli in inclosed with this protest. ' •ion whatever from Garibaldi, but that they belonged cares to Whit antf ask himself to what this success can was the protection ol British.•iutereB'B."'Ibis kind would lead, of ooursti to of official intt-reourse; land 'the] l>r ceiving 0;ffidial rank from the' fc' might l>e Valuable eitheir as: agentsemergency of the case;might sevm The whole thipg, ho\|ever,' is iiluiity under the flag of Victor Emanuel. Garibaldi'* prov«rbiat good Io,-k has favored him" ft: eanwbile, in the flattering hope of seeing the de- •to the number of those whom'the General dismissed as lead, lie exulrsan; the simple fact-that a detestable In the second letter Mr. Hammond of the Foreign* partu e pi -those pirates impeded, after their emoarka- unworthy tpaccoujpany him to Sicily." ,-•.. tyranny is crumbling into dust. In these days, when Qffict-,applies by diiection of Lord J. Russell for iu- a bis present desperate expedition. Having left at passed close to our stern, it was impossible to mistake tion | ind been completed m Genoa aud Leghorn on The evacuation of Rome by tho French troops IB a nation must go as a strong man armed, am when no fornuuion as to the general instructions issued by the •who or what they we're. On the deck of the foremost three merchant vessels, two of which weroPiedmont- countci-manded. •They remain "'provisionally.*' Tho one cfcn krow what the morrow may bring forth, we Admiralty to naval'officers for their guidance; wb«u and smaller one, there were bup few men to be seen;. ese ui d one English, the lirst of the said vessels, leav- mustjudge facts as they rise{.• Thus fai- the removal of political refugees ask their protection.' •„ In the thuxlOrbiteHo a szcall forw, nnder the command of Zimbhucbi and of Siculi, t»> carry the insurrec- tion ibN\i^ the vRoman States b>the Abruzzi, he left on thfg,9sb Porto Talamone, not without havingthose that were visible, however, were nearly all counter order is said to bo owing to Gaiibalui's suc- 'the tyranny of this Kiog of Naples is, in itself, a good. letter Lord C. Paget replies th^it no precwe regulutionSj SoXarJ and|may at any tinio bt; brotestraight in from seaward kt full speed. A s | they ap- proached, they.hoisted Sardinian colors, andl as^ theymg.li ighorn: went in the direction of the port of fttar- cess.; ..-.,- v •: . ••' " •'•'diessed m red flannel blouses, which gave them some- Hiltt,ljvhere,mavmgarrive<l yesterday, without,showW thing of the appearance of-.English soldiers. On'the anv ffig they prepared to land the bands which the?AVhat it may lead to we cannot tell. I That we may have ever been imddbwn, it being deemed more ex- soon see tl-ePiench eagles circl'ng and swooping in pt dient to rely on the judgmeutand discretion of,offi^rs this part of the world is very probable; that hew diffi- ui command; exercised according to. the ciicuta8taucesTlie more hurnble assistants J u l .are taken from all natiop, and arebaldi himself. All the men were armed, and a hold- piece pointed out from an opening in the bulwarks justtion, gtithered from various sources, is strongly and Garibaldi may be mixing.up the elements of .that great avoid all possible'c*use of Oifense to the authorities of•were of universal applicatkiu, |'-S»'B arise; for in that: casei legitjumtb Wouldescapetbeimpositionsofthe) but uidbrtunately these ai-e 1^'fl as \vbole activity ot the new agents is leetingfrom foreign vessels.Several instances havo ow u rtj British oflieiakbad coliccted tfie p native vessebj. j Tbe|saniex vjesW.s by the Mandarins, and tor :M t amount oyer again." IvoMEj Sunday:currences took place) is r;ot f yet,asBritishshipsoftait:-.doei\ed here, announcing thai. iiO. Poatilieal gendarmes ..that lurked in the deiiles. This was the lirst llight ofhad encounterud >i,50 Garibaldians. on the evening of the litth intt., in a grotto neai^Monteliasc-'ile. A se- verecontesteiu-ueu,.inwhichtheGaribaldianshadsixtelegrams which came to us from the scene of conflict., ] Lord Granville denied .the imputation. of *fyant ofThecharge|of the Chielj-Jiii- !C Tory unfavorably upOp tho de;'?n< i?rdstriuiuphabtlyacquittedupi>unation. It was attemptedf bv n, fendant to goiinto tlfo ineri.ts t'rangenient. . Also, to" find putwar with- Great Britain or' not war exists,' hi* would claim fo t right/COdefend bis propert]' ivr•api aimed boa^. belonging t<) tin- e!i point* were overruled byj th« c vfas.any -witness allowed to u fcjaring upon either. It would V5ry sb'ongest |poiut8 of the del jpsexcluded, and yet, even then, A\ tsJL was the result. ; Ii is bard, ld spend(ff,to give time to two English steamers arrived enthusiastically with Garibaldi. Full confidence is felt European war, which even Lord Granviilo last night the porta which they may visit, and ip respect the es-there a. few hours before to take their officers, whocoastofTunis. Jb**BCeha returned toward£be abaftthestarboardpaddle-box. Theotherandlarger werbisbore,onboard. Ontheembarkation of these inhisultimatesuccessbytheItalianawhoare flocking showtdupinashadowy.pixiH}»ectivo;.but,-whileheis labJishtdrights,cuftoms,andregulatiousofs.uobTi**:western coast of SJC%» hut was perceiye^ by two vessel, however, was literally crammed with men persoi is the steamers gave a wide berth, and then only to the seaports in numbers too large lor tramtportation, lighting ugainst such atyrauny as that of Naples, we Their principal duties must be, undoubtedly, to attbrdlike herrings in a cask; some in red, some incould fhe firing be recommenced on tboee pirates, with-cannot refuse him' our sympathies, and cannot but protection to British subjects and to British injereete;deeiringtojointheia- leader in Sicily.The M o w i n grejbicb at his success.. . ;rand any shelter which might be afforded to- political- IV*Untitled Documentthese days, when we have been spoilt by telegrams, j*}!The fact that Lord Derby had notified, in answer we naturalh grow first indignant and then disgusted if to t^ie deputation, his intention to persist inljopposing,and well known to the Neapolitan; so'diery. It was eucceedmg Sub'duy in the Church of St. Geo,rgi?(j-in-the-highly probable that they might be attacked at a dis- Eautjand wovvd a resolution: that sufficient power and advantage, and it was certain that the regular army of energy has not been disjduyed iu putting them downthe King of'Naples would be better supplied with mil- and bringing ihe offeudeisto punishmeut. . fie nre-.a viduals whose interests ara anj;>g just finished.before the Su[ \ikkilled, among whom was the brother' of Oratui. and we have an announcement contradicting the official ac- ner ill quelling these riots. He hoped Lord Dungamionabout L'5wounded." The gendarmes had three killed, couut of the-Baitle of Caiata Pima. A telegram from The band had been dispersed and driven back to Tus- Palermo, con.ing dowirto the 18th, describes Palermoas in asti»te of siege', t.ite surrounding country a* in full• ;:<Jinian Obambers, by 215 against 16- votes. -"- * :<-.,ptist, upoii grou! oeptional m everyln« tanee. 'Lord C. I^aget fdrtier tint, on the Bubjeciwere cbntaii.e* nuralty, written byordeTiof In thjf letter, yvbbg i3 repru,falmereton informs t le lk» r!* His Ix>rdship is of opiirjgtit to receive anidj harbor war any person flying frc a charge,orwhow^,pg&pi courtbflaw. ButaBrith and everywhere l)eencions:dt for .pcysons of whatever c<» soughtfihelter:tmdeiitffe']IIi On amount of their pol|tic'»l <this protection'has bepnt- caquirefugee wag eecaping from tii >narcBichal goyernna«ntj o^ fmm: r •&fm&In the House of Tvords, May 21, EarlGraaviTfev rimoved the se<;ond reading of the ^per--3 >aty 'K^^ Lord Lyndhnrst confined himself to the practi«iihis aim is permanently injured, or that from any other "cause it 'a desirable that he should give up the'^elt, hoiOn Saturday, the 19th uft., Lord Derby received the deputation api>ointed by the la'.e meeting at St. Mar- tin's Hall to wait on him, for the purpose of ulktcuiptuig.CHEViTHE.AXLIED PREPA; V •Cctreqwnderioe of The N. Y. Trh: t-a« HoNc'Kt \C It is,U be hoped that tin: HEngland and France have sba bedoneinChina.,,. WeTOO are in the most comple te irae •week has been prolific of saijstores, and ere long the (while on hand with- such a fie ii as C saw before^ ^ Bat -eyen-;' omcomesj.next w Is there ro gland and China ?,. .,In .every one of the open { the English Embassy arejin the Palermo fs at the outer side of this stone. It became rijidjjpn speculative transactions on bis accoubt, have- mese Governments To-be su known at lust that Garibaldi had landed about 50 miles brdulght themselves within the scope of the rdfe of the ^j situation for each and erery onticnhfectise. Iu the pres- nt excited state of Sicilv, an'persons with an cmgthe most conservative.of English societies or been,' ..whether tht _> § would'• grant' an iisyjum. to* care litflewho collected them.! Al0 48:, It was vaguely reporter! th signed*a treaty on the lath p tiThe Bourse had advance C9f.20c?character. A generardveragejo.lbe decidedly below eveh amtsljum, Sdch officer Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069So fre^teat are the containo 