 paor^trwfrrrt. lollvr lofty Me Fusiontbis hasty , i. and pdoit Is and Dry yesterdayin 'i.i8 had n#orn to their papors.EI>.wrunningoa and stunxp- terreatioa..»pt*oftiTor- U.1..eocditiou, ap gulag* Savwc?>«"9: \b*">'»«••?• ti«*. t b arpie ot th«* I w i , »t>:..sutf IORUIS* * >ao»Utioi>* o>"v«r r*.trier ioat ltbC:»>ti:mioa.'. tit<Ujrth* l m •V»:M%7^ th»* t>*i. I•«.- abiding jy oooctrj H M -Kiifefc «ftmo ts.OM> ltf^t»fcic r»rtnc*p!* •.Fatri of th» m <t«'p«n«oM>t of .Territory whs** r<-trUorv w h-r»tvvbotaog coaa- j*tkawsry ap?o,u deauadmi by HCC^ p. r.i">iiioa .*} A.£>oiiJhaiits ofRtrxniirs#-t«s : \s(,'--\.t*M StKvirtA TRTHXlR 4J*CT OWiYTO.*p*^>chin the e 7th of July,s- •.! -.h be exetadeaton tha i>-:i*©ri*»» «qr ft»T- :«o soa->d ;. prohibit St*-. tba n«h: Loe»Ub- •a *£ itirtt»««:Cov- trtpukttitr* past ia* minsect yoa -;a «•»; to*xu:iat i£j c of tho p»apu» vcruaa^as for aaHeacesfi taefc.v OK iw; thor can •• sr.i.» Siaoo* so>v7> to jrobicHttb* tf:h*&it*ni*pl'ito+xoi L*yt*latmx ite *tfes«c own-it ^ v-.:asa*aU*».ia.e« to the samo . ho drevr-'andaccralic S*at*Wall.street p*nic with a view lICHT POLITICS;rrictverbatim,iatforat, with ta*v« aa eqc&l right • t> «r?»:>ijs«?d T*rrl- d*cs.«ion of th* !» rf/tfd SCOW,t th*'Conitt.udos K»**imr Jolting a*the GeneralKKJRT exa destroy tBtOtaa r«rrisj>rio*, ^ffw of'pr-fperty; j ,;h»r »p«cie*'©fa - e q c i i v . j D ,- n dj."-, o ' >cfynitiw e-.-d Exgc\iti*t ie~fee.isosrinatod by ly *»ii» i i'i» the » «d wh- yrxl r ' hoid tor+'jiT'oa »tti*e woowutor* •ti- ia *h» abor»; ta^ T»r:it<>ri9«great jubilee last week in honor of the tremendoussubject of complaiat.and of humuitation to Americans, that the Panama route, over which there ia eo much travel and iiaheportatibn of treasure, is left.to the pro-^roi£ itt- Ute I>«m-> U.ptiviag thl» bt»ta o of «ud Co&vt>»<i»Stwe-ity i-'--nn*« ea;ii :'•-*.--•-.*;A*i •f <"i*»»f git. in i h o Sir. IDA,, and that -•M 3to prttent the am by the Satianal•JOHNSON.I:-Northern and/ " W h y , as vre retd. Mr Greeley off* red to spike hta gena agaiost tho ' *iu and iniquity cf Slavery' for only $ 2 per annum!"[Expreaa.—No, Sirs '.You don't "read" any such thing in the private letter of H. Greeley to Ben. Johnson.Ni:w.ORT.i:ANS,Mor.day, Oct. 29, I860. The brig Nahum Stetson, from Tampico 19th, has ar-rived.Gov. Ozea bad issued a decree declaring that alldues at the Coatozn-Houses at Tampico and Matamoi-aa must be paid in gold and silver.TWELFTH WAKD.1. At TS McGann's Blooming-da'-e Read, near S€th at.2. On the e&i>t bide of 3d-av.,between 88th and 89th sta. 3. A t Charles Hahn'a house,ev< r ut'exed. [Great applause.] Mr. N. claimed for Mr. LiJEColn ability as well as honesty, and regarded bim ai tbe true representative of a party whose mis- sion was to nieaerve the Union, aid to vindicate the dignity of laUw.Mr. Nub'e was frequently interrupted by thein-msrcbirjg Wide-Awakes. He told eome capital stories that Mr. Grow, the author of the Homestead Bilk had by way cf illustration, and gave a good account of his so ably explained, the benefits to be derived from that• a--,--?';t^ JTOSJ*t»;cV.y,idea speech at \ ij n'tght. He j i. raeeting of ne- \;o, and made 1 > ouote as fol-:be color of tbs» akin tofvaow of conjfttioa- •d p*opI*-, »a a body. : truo domocratieif d&nmriBZ my'di»- w.blcb dtiaiiM to sa besween iaiirid- •r. c cirevuaataacecijfaio* of oar'in- ««ory of Aoaericaa t A.-.-'-.-ici: fibe.iyach meeting— %or anywherepects to make ve be has mis- 6f New-Yori*is in"politic* x . Of hiB own. . In his Di«- me two thou-xt^eH, A« the » a Democrat, Mx. Haven as ». Bnt many gement, and s who threatea- e from Harea, td to come outin Congress as # »al knotty qa««- «lecfeon» on thejffwexa to these :ertain rule an- ri «//, and then J invalidated bye of Pennsyhra- b vote in New- t whether a bet uM vitiate one'* ne other oflBcer, /•. not bet at alt, i.d cherish .noer« of the New- n to running it* <<>ogx*fM,in the tn re«pectiveiytshirt, cried out " How d'ye do, Mr. Greeley ?" At which there was loud applause. Mr. Greeley spoke of Mr. Williamson.AVoice—AsanadoptedcitizenIwanttoaskone yard w*;re biuned yesterday. Loss §15,000; insured ENTHUSIASTIC RATIFICATION OF WILLIAMSON- question. Is Mr. Williamson a Know-Noihiug ?an onslaught oa ;independent and influential mechanic, when menEke Gov, Cobb and other leaders of the Democraticparty rot only declare themselves Disunionistj, but the midst of thy temple." Next Sunday, servicoa willservice.Mr. Vi ill<AId ran ovtr ta* entirs stook very pfci*o iii^UU «%«'-f.,raptily.of th©F i r e in N.civ-Oricans. NKW.OKLEAKS: Monday, Oct. 29, 1860.«• t y IL th<i vain 1 a ?>e iK* jHM*ir>ieengage in a gigantic stock speculation iiko thebe held in the new ediGce.Mclear in their own minds as to their privileges;the stockholders, on the other hand, are probably him. W e do not object to their rejoicing; but we tc-night at Providence.Broadway.13. 1,272 Broadwr*v.14. 60S tth-av. . . TWENTY SECONDgood company. M-. N. a*gued this,point at length,speaker, the Hen. Giiusha A. Grow of Pennsylvania.pretext for snch a course, except such as is to be fwrod in Gov. MorRan'^ teatrcial poftsr—a policyJVEW-YORK BAILS? TREBLE, TUESDAV, OCTOBER 30. 1860. •: 't'S"!5bat dupended upon groat phblk condir^oast and inter- cstjjt which come into exietenc© and disappear a«taa- grWy &« the ban r^Bes and sets. Betides, the SMrtfc.i •1). /lsSWffi LITEOT KEW \rhich bas been dictated by a regard for the inter- honest citizens of all &h&des of opinion to unite to«.joy»U»ere»jctandconWewe^at«<** fa , o fbeiiknown. «i<rvotetMttrbrWnronC&». - tnets of the State, rather than for those of any cor-poration, and whitrb, in the two year* of his Ad- jniriistration, will have reduced the State debt by .$2,000,000, and which h«sincreased the gross rev- enues ofthe canals &om$1,800,000toover$3- 000,000,'while,it hasattfieeametimediminished1PLACE5OF.REGISTRY-Tlie following are designated as the places of "Kegle- wKh hia fo'lo«r-cirJzcn«. : • .• -, f j , , ^ North, rn the same.prlnciple that everybody goes to hiaRepublican party »n thi« region, and one of thethe ablest and the clcaTest-minded.'Yoric. Mr. Busteed addressed a Fusion meeting by his letter to the Breckinridge Committee of Erie8. 28 City HaJJ-place. A.123Lfccnox^-at.Busteed, lately Counsel to the Corporation of New-This ia provedCounty, pledging himeelf^. if elected to Congress, to Bell. None of the Congressmen dare to advooate 6.7 fiiulbeny-at,a t the Quarantine, in Richmord County, on Satur-day evening last, in place of the Hon. W: Hunt,whohadbeen announced,butdidnotappear. A7. . Bayerd-st.6. 86 lilro-bt.9. i»tJaijtic Gardfn, cor. Elizv 11. 249EaatTeath-8tttr, tiz. weeks were wasted ia the attempt to organize spoken of th© iesuee involved in the pending canvass,Mai e'ection into the Home of Representatives and *eep the country in a turmoil for months, instead ofBettling the question on Tuesday n e x tIt would be an interesting bit of political and .financial intelligence if the public and the stock- holderi of the Hudson River and New-York Cen- tral Railroads could be informed how many Demo- cratic politicians and stump speakers have been dead htaded oyer those thoroughfares during the" outside of any healthy political organization."The next Senate will convene on the 4th of Marchnext, and will contain thirty-one Republican Sen-ators, including the two from Kansas.—Does anythe couirmncement of the Presidential canvass is be- twfe.n six f.nd e«iv<»n millions. Nearly all of them were folded at tbe capi'al.B.eecker ai;d.Moiton-sU. 4. 12 Chrlstopber-Lt.5. 15 Seventh av.3d av., bet 78th and 79thata , south aide.5. a. e oor. 3 i av. and P5th o tAt the close of the meeting the Wi3e-Awake8formed[-poseewithout their consent, the question, we con- sider, is one not yet settled in the affirmative.The officers of the roads, no doubt, are verymight havereelectedtheirexcellentMemberofCon- gress, and not throwB away a district at this criti- cal lime. They had their own man in nomination; Bucks gave him a majority; but Lehigh defeated.Gov, CurUn of PeunfrYlvania* PHiLADKLi-iiiA, Monday^ Oct. 2f>, 1860.A report having been enn-ent here that the Governor elect, Col. Curtin, was dead, we-arehappy to assert its untruth. He is in good l.e^lth, ia Boston, and upeaks9. C and Fouith-3t. 10. 185Lewis st.11. 89 Avennw D.12. 2!5 Sixtb-st.13 336Eitihtb-»t.W 121 Avenue O."15 4i6.T*nth-st.16. 395 East Tenth-fit. 17. ;!3 DryDcck-st. 18. 217AvtnuoC.9. 184 Lc xtogtcu a v , hr. 33dst. 10. 4454th-av.11. 380 4th-av.12. No-.th-v-'uflt cor. 23th at. andpl-«nT8 itself Upon this ground ia empha-ic contradictionof the "new dogma." If this be.sectional, we are in honor dore bim, introduced to the audience the firstquite as clear in theirs as to the impropriety of smeb. a use of their pr. perty. 'Who, for instance, J gave Mr. Leslie Combs a free pass over both roadsa day or two ago? Why should he be entitled tojBave his pocket at the expense of the owners ofthose properties, while he is traveling about onJ>eha!f of Fusion ? At the South they hang menwho open their mouths on behalf of Northern1 ;'•.,,, do not fee like joining them.- .1. 252 8th av., bet. 40th and 4l«t-ats.,O-a.of8thav.2. 206W. 42d-st, bet. 8thand 9tb av8 , a. s. of 42d-at.3. 1/-3 W . 42d-st, bet. 8th and 9th avd., n. a. of 42d-at.4. 226 W; 44*h «t., bet 8th and 9th ava.,at National HalLwhich he said was the most damnable political heresy, hour, analyzing and explaining the provisions ox theTne•'•I' ' - . ' • • 'John E iUiller, Wm. Browne.Allen, C, F. E.Luder, J. L. Deau, E. Fitzgerald, L. Scoffer, J. tive from the hundred thousand Germans of tlie Wrt?st,Jbad of Cobb vV. Co.. to take such vengeance on their dience with the great points of the character. Mr. anciext foes. They ought, at least now that Fu-' Ccnldock was the Macbeth, and was warmly applaud- aion and Harmony are the order of the day, to have ed throughout. The other parts were satisfactorily filltd, and the play was very creditably mounted as to Scenery, abg-'rg, and auxiliaries. With Mies Cash- man here and Mr. Forrestat Niblo'a, Shakespeare will;be nobly honored, and the lovers of ' the legitimate"for the Douglas Softs. But punishing them in the have a week or two of the intallectaal feasting so; oftenof the Republic, despite the tbTeats of disunion mad'* by tbo •mail cliques of Seceaaiorijt a in the Sonth, and their servile tools of the Northern Spates, who sacrifice their manhood on the altar of trade2d. That we note with pride and hope, the assurance thatreaches us fioin sll quarteTBof our State, that Gov. Moxsan w!l'be triumphantly«u»tuinedby thepeople at tho comineelection,and iha'. both he, and his worthy ai-aociate, Lieut -Gov Camp:b-Jl, vful be triumphantly elected to tlie high and honorably,posi-tion* which thej have so worthily and honestly filled during the North, thus leaving it clear that 35,000 elave- pa*t two yeai*.4th. T'hat vve regard aa next in importance to the election of. holders controlled the whole country. Now Lincoln 8nd Hamlin the return of true and tried men, to repre- they were continually talking about leaviog th i seiit us in tbe Congiets of the United States, and that lsxowiag, Urnon; if you don t let u# have everytbiug our as we do, that in Aincr-J. WilUamfion we ahail havo an able, own way, we will disiOlve the Union ? And what faithful, and honest Representative In the Holla of Congreaa, w edo hereby indoisc and ratify hia nomination, and urge upon the sort of ariatccntfa wero thee© 'hot have been control t'kctoia or the Hid ConRresslonal District the necoaaity of using lirg tbe Govemmtnt of the Unit-d'. States 7 • Thevgiven them warning of their Final Dodge, before it was too late. It is surptising how merciless and nnforgiviDg is the hate of the Disunion managers"ority of slavthoidcrs over non-alaveboldarlTand a d the actions of men iu power as further evidence the Barze time the slaveholders .iu these high officestock market, after this style, is really too bad.A prominent shipbuilder, hitherto a Democrat,and who has contributed to the funds of the H., S.•fc T . Fusion Committee, yesterday declared* thatlonged fox by the now vensrable patrons ol* the old PiikTheater. ... . . -m .FARzwET.n SKRvic-ES.—The Broome-street Reformed Dutch Church h<ld their last BervioeB in the old place of worship on Sunday evening, previous to the removalEorLigo," by Mr. ChtBter was conventionally good. and pl»yed the part with due dibcretion and caTe, andevery effort to give him such a vote on the 6th of November a*wilV place it out of tbe power of our opponents to further repriv» him cf the position to which he w«a houeatly. elected byliia iVhow-ciiizena two years ago. l a tho recent pUtfoxm oprinciples put forward bv our candidate, we have' a rruvroDtythat in bis election we shall give effect to our principles, andsecure ut IcUit one veto in Congress from thia city ix. favor cfF:ee Homes for tbe People. Protee.tlon. to Amencan IiwhiBtry.no farther eitenc'on of African 6luv«i} to dcivti .oui tbo ftre.white iu-.n from tlie Territories of the Ui.ited Stttes." ami t i e«p*<dj cur.-!met1 unof a Railroad to.th*' Ya-Atir. Oceuu. It uunceceaiaty to dheuas the cboruotor ol Mr. WliliuKaeii in the :t'h.b 'jadeyf nat'c;8 smd people iv\ r.ot- illnw it«-.',f v> HidCoegte&aionalDistrict,whs:e.uewunowis,aud-wlt»re*ha be traikd acc?rdifg- to tUo cap?ic^ v>i ia^iY^^i.* -W v -v -<<~^ t«•••^ "lie could stand it no longer, but shoaid vote for.Honest ABE LINCOLN. In the judgment of.this of thecongregation tothe lectaie-roomof their•ne?vAgain we have to commend tb<- care and attention .that have been given to;ihe proper setting forth of allmeohHniculdetail», by ilie stage manager.. • , -. .T k Bcenery is u'ew uud g<;td; iadfeed," oce or two ofthe icenea rtlltcic OtttiaW ui^uit tft the uiticlo.Hen, Henry Wr, H'uliard of Alabama, who has «a- dearedhlmetlf *o the concern bjaloagaad fwthfalrsput them down. Tha only way to do this, in the present instance is to vote fmr L I N C O L N a ad H A M - LIN. That u just what cur Damocialic shipbuilder^K w # m U c« _. M u n 0and <nrieh a few political gambleba*tfetejmimd fto do.F r o mOtfobtr ft, .I8c0. FIRST WAKD.Wat.. J.32(?reerrwlcb-at.2 .62 0:etnwich-flt. ' •8. TIGGreenwich-et. 4. |3Cedftr-efc. 5.101Bioadat.Sncoxn WABD.D. T. VALENTINE,Clerk.FOUKTBKWTH "WAKD; 5. I4Ji%»ton-*C. • 6.174Grand-fit7. 200 M<.tt at8. 26^Heater-st.9. 188Moiberry-st 10.215Heateret.FiprnttHTn WAKD. 1..'124 Amity-fit.2. N- E cornerof Suilivwiand BleeckerB<B.3. 191 Murcor-ait. 4.129WaverJey-place. 5 115 Ebrventh-it.Key«« for Regb ter XV. R. Stew»rt f^r SipeTttcr TL n l v i i vBp Bcreo for Becerder, John Sf'dtMck for Cl^r 3a&*\ of the R. JaqrefiforSurrognte Berdewin VV,Boauoy for Jadga * . SupremeComt,anaJamefiNVWhitefarJvxiupofthe <WV 'V"J* Cotut,"and prcmite onr fellr.w-citizens that w e «halt m u * *«» • *V., WASHINGTON, Monday,Oct.29,I860. the exwnsf s of their management nearly $200,- Our riecd<», in the coraiog elsction, will see to A PREHDEr»CY FOR MR. BRECKINRHKTZ.SeveraletherSpeakfrs,amongthsmHermanRc-tiw000, thus increasirg the?r net revenue from $90o'- it that Mr. WILLIAj\i R. S T E W A R T , the Republi- It must have been surprisiog to many that. Mr. 000 to $2,2OO,0W>. that this net revenue Is not can candidale for Snperviaor, is not defeated. Breckinridge, though he has not the slightest hopewhichtMiid atalatehour,*i:u rousingcheeraiK* w^ o v . Mcrgixr, they must>be actuated by other mo-tivesthan regard for thegeneralwelfare. Itis"JPour.Viee'Pretident,HannibalI*urrtinr*'rf all the votes it can divert fcom Gov. Morgan fraudulently obtaining Germau Republican votes «are not more than made wp to him by the supportof the various French CiahS of the district.M. E. Farrano, Cnairmaa of the Central i&pnbiican Campaign Cub presided, and on taking the chair re- marked that two years asohe, wifchafew of birvSriead*. tha favorite of the people. But the doctrine of ,s let m^dft an appeal to the sentiment of justice and Jraminity wbich beats strongly in the breaatof every Frenchsnaa, iu behslfcf a can?e which, more than auy other, eex- bedies these principles. In looking at the great gather-of these who have admired his course since, he has been ia < fHce.»hat Stewait is sure to be elected. Do not let this dedge de:eat thi* Republican cisdidate.tbe dissolution takes place. It is supposed by them that Mr. Breckinridge will cairy the fifteen Scuth•i 5J4 White-at. 3. J!8 Leonard at,4. .4 Be»<.b-st.r,. . l£8I>naie.f-t. •.act with the Democrats against .the Republicans. Mr.Haven thus identifieshimself withthe Slave-humorone anecdotes, whieh created great merrixient.gentleman who was present sends us *ome passages Code and Disarion branch of the Democratic Southern gentlemen admit that if only the. North- L 68 E<&t Breadw&y. .s present position of parties in regard to the grsat-ef Mr. Busieed's speech, and we disfigure paity,whichistheonlybranchthatWillhaveaour pages with a Quotation, in order that our read- dietbetexuteoce after the election. In so doing,ern people w;"u\quietly await the action of the...djc- 2, if:5 Chprry-»t. Z.J?9M*di8onst.16.95Av^aneA. 17. 137^ Thhd-at. 18.J8GSenond-»t'•ers may have an idea of the arguments which are he exhibits his usual logical acumen; but those there will be an upr:?ir-g of the conservative 6. 173 JVladinon-et.used by tbe orators of Fusion against the Repub- Ameiicans who do not wish, with him, to become masees in the South that will sweep the disunion-influence to Slavery. After shaking of the! question of Congress and defended the rights of Northern men of the principles involved, be next showed that it waslican party:"J4> txivsd,«WO«£ri*adB«mpng tbe RepubUcana. Tbank God, I "have not <me. I bate them, every d&omed one of them; and if I was God/ Abacdgbty, the fir* act of my Mfe wonld be to send evcrv damnedone of them to helL"A Voicx—" They are all going then? now."Xmrxxn—'J krowfc: but damn then., I wouldn't let one of them hwt bii natwal term out."Slave Code Democrats, will vote for ABRAHAM LINCOLN.10. €82 Waier-et.446 Cherry-ot. '.-.;.H. ElOUTMWAIU) l e4Wooater-8t. -66 Thompson-at. 2 5Clarka*.8. 52 Dcminick-at.4 49() Greenwich-at. 5. 110 Wooster at.6. 141 LaurenB-st.7. 144 Varsrk-st.8. 181Varick-st.109. 2C3 Varick Bt. 1L 305 Spring-at. 12. 118 Cnarltor.-at.NIRTH W AKD. 1. 672 Greenwich-bt.2 462 Hud*cn-Bt.3. Btaecker Bnildlngs, comer 4. At house of Francifi Stacom.Gen.TjJlmao>.'\laidBn«teod,"Wv}hebaaists.oat of existence.ro'theAasodatedPreas.W ASHINGTON. Monday, Oct. 29,1860. The Tjiiied States Court of Claims has resumed ita Congress in 1854, only ten to twelve Sanatois s?Btion, after a long reoees. The nnmbcr of eases on t'^edecket is small. Renewed efforts will ba made to could he found to oppose it. Even in 1856, when procure an. amendment of the law establishing this tribunal,.so that awards not exceeding $3,000 maybe final, inste, d of bavirjg, as now, to be definitively—the dignity of free labor—and hurled back the de-fiant threats of disunion into tbe teeth of tbe assail-' for the interest of workingmen to sustain the Republi- ante ? Tbe Republicans of the North ! [Applause.] can party. NetaBellmanfromtheNortfynoraDouglasnor MiBoucher,CaptainoftheWide-Awakes,andBL Breckinridge man from anywhere, dared to open his Batchelor also made spirited addresses. Mr. BatcheJorWhan the Nebraska bill was p&saed through9. 228EastEighteenthafreet. as Unicn in6n ! [Cheers.] And it is worth theprinciplesoftheRepublicansarenottherightones, 10. »; w. cor 22d at and 2d av. more than "sounding braes and tinkling cym- but the feeling of cowardics was appealed to; appealsthe Missouri raids on Kansas were practically ap- proved by the Senate, only twelve Senators stoodac-€d upon by Congrtsa. .Tbe Executive Cooimit'eee of the four political par-13. a. e. oor 2- th st and 1st av. 14. B. e. cor. 2?d at and Ay. A.NINETEENTH WAKD..1. Garrey'a, cor. 4th av. and • 42dat2. 608 Second avenue.3. At the bouse, of Ed<vardParcella, ia 61at st,'bet latThe last cord can-now in.- Wkatevor results may be hee$ in any manner whatever. He also offered toe attained herd in this city—hotv ever large your majority same resolutions that were adopted at the'American maybemadebyanyandallapp'iaucfsofmoneyorpanic stand. Theresolutionswereheartilyadopted-—:he great avalanche of Public Opinion from"tbe ruraldistrict wiil sweep ii into nothiogness; tha now race of Northern DiBunioniste wju'd be extinct before their existence was reccsmized! [Cheers.] .If the people of the United States, according to law,cannot elect the man of their choice, and su^taiu him inthe discharge of his duties, the sooner we know it thebetter. 01 r. N. iovitea the old Democrats and old and paradtd through the District with fine effect. The Whigs to refresh themselves by copicus draughts frOa City Wide-Awakes honored as_w!th a salute and a ser-I'There was plenty more of the same sort; but thisis sufficient to show the spirit and the intellectual up to condemn them. Republican Senators wereTange of those who propose to carry the Presides-' refused peaces on important Committees only a any more printed material. It is-estimated that the ag-M. Farranc dosed the meeting by speaking cf the merits cf their candidate for Congress, Mr. William- son, and with the invitation to the assembly to be pres- ent at the Cooper Institute this evening, to ratify the nomination of F. A. Conkling. The speakers were frequently cheered.ties are closing up their bueinees, having ceas&d to ieaue few years ago, on the assumption that they were gregate number of documents circulated' by them sinceand 2d ava.ing up to this point is to be arrested here ?ptranoe is from a respectable source, and has been in duced by the recent occurrences at Fanama, as well as by rival and conflicting iutereet.3 existing with respect to the Panama Railroad and the prop sed commucica<11. f6Peny-flt.697 Grefnwich-ct.EIGHTH DISTRICT RA TIFICA TION MEETING-.Tho Republicans of Lehigh County,' Pa.y had a tion at Chixiqui. The remenstranta urge, as a great'78 Al!en-bt.2. 6!'./. Orchard-st. •>u, 52"E^BfX-st.4, iH.> Allen-at.5.6. 29 Bowory.Ei,EVBrrrH WARD. 1. 185 Staalon-atsweep of that State by the Wide-Awakes threeintendentchoosetocontributeoftheir own funds weeksago. Itwas a magnificent affair; yetwe ts<ptionofBritishmen-of-war,thoughtheNew-Grana-month of October. If the Directors or the Super-diim tr?aly impcfies.ecch duty on the United States.to aid the cause of Fus-on and to help break up cannot find room for our correspondent's accountthe Union, nobody can object, for that is one of of it. We triiat our Lehigh friends will bear with the Eaetern Dictrict of Louisiana, vice Kennedy, re-2. 229StantoL-at X 573Stanton-st. 4 90 Lewii-at.s "iS Hc,u»ton ht. 6. 20Avenr.»C.r- 7 Aveiiuo C.TWKKTY-FlRSTWAKD.1. 179 Eaat 27th at.2. McC»i>e'«,391;:d-av.3. 4932d-av.4. South-east cor. 34^h-at and2dav. 5. 5582d-av. 6. 59* 2d av. 7. 7512d-av.Robert A. Burner has beeli appointed ufarshal for us while we hint that if they had worked as hard signed ; and ^ n e a s Armstrong of Georgia, Lieutenant',/'their reserved rights as citizen?. But when itcomes to using other people's money for such pur- before Election as they have rejoiced since, they .in the navy..»249Tbird-at..a Union Hall, comer Aremie 8. £543d-fcv..You very well know better.gun which in your Whig State Address of 1847 you' solemnly, publicly pledged yourself to keep firingT Fr€»«ii JSi'azos.JN F.vv-0ni.KANs, Monday, Oct. 29, 1860.neighbor, Abraham Lincoln, triumphantly acswaringRights;" at the North the advocates of SouthernInstitutions have free passes. I t is only kanged- B-gainst Slavery Extension; but we never spiked $164,000 in specie, ;e l>e.'o w, coming up.addrees was received with great sati*faetion by hie vast audience. During his speech battalions on battalions marched* inio tbe equaie; and down the strtet toward the iivef. The square and all the streets leading from it were illuminated by tha torches of the Wide- A wake s.atatemenwin-wAxeafte to the great question bafore tho people—that of Slavery. The ^epuolKHWi party was hot an Abolition party, and they wished to have that fn;ly understood. W e at the North have no more right to go into a Slave State and liberate their slaves than tbey had to bring them North and force tbem upon us What we want, and what we murt have, is the Free Teiritoiits for Free Labor. To thia blithe various fsc- tions of the Democratic party are opposed, aa h^s baendead on one side and dcadtieadcd on the other; but the difference, revertbelesf, is a pretty wide one.any gun', nor offered to spike any. If you think it strange that we did not begin to oppose the aggres-,. tmFrom Denver CItv»1.- ICC* Broom«.-8t. 'Ii ?0 Attorney-at. 3. 37 Willet-st.4. I l l Broon;e-3t.Secretary Ccbb goes about openly avowing trea- sonable purposes, threatening Disunion and Revo-North River> a larpre gathering.of German?, including several German Wide-A wake companies from din'er-gives full range to that masculine vigor which is BO natural to h«r, aud she employed her powar* to the beet advantage, frequently electrifying the large «.n-haelbot none of its imprcrjiivensss, and ia now, as heretofore, one of the most striking and effective of all his.pereonatione."own by the Chicago Convention.2J. That we haU the returns of the recent Elections held iuPennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Maine, Vermont, Missouri Dela- ware, and even from far off Oregon, aa indicting the determina-gigantic honesty. This wan a most important electionbecause it bid fair to decide a question by which, forgenerations oLfcec-born customers wiH whisper with a nature waiTaped to wear, ;md alao of Ca[uaiu Isaiah Bync^re, Chief of the Window-^anashiog Brigade, was held at the Cooper losiituta l»st eveniog. At least one respectable and rehable mereantib house fa»ed to take up clean linen and go forth «t»o«piog iato the Stare, all in response to the call of a correspondent of one of the Union papers of yeetorday. Ws allude to thit of Henry, which was^there on all parts of the platform, presetting in all its roota and Icanchss arare spectacle of cbnetancy, fidelity, and uprightness.Bribido this noWe and patriotic clan o£ wholesale and retail patriots, the Hall held a very large audtauce, numbering no* lsse than three thotwand. The band of the firm opened traneactions iu » lively manner, wad with a prompttees quit* m the "buey season" way, Josh. J. B.introduced tht C h i m i n , the Hon. Jamee Bieekmen, whe briskly past-ed tte customer over to thechurch edifice in Thirty-fourth street. The.Rev. Peier Stryktr, pastor of the"church, preached from the text: " We have thought of thy loving kindness, O God, inYou have spiked theSpecWDfepatchto.ThoN.Y;Tribune.Many suppose that it is tot possible to elect two of |being elected, either by the people or by Con- '. 8 Tbe*tre-a ley. 2. BurlingSlipthetirkeL^w^'' . •• •** TBK PRFNC'ff MEETriCG.another million larger is due only to the fact thatibeLegislaturerentedtocarryoutGov.MorgaaV infmheraoftheBoaidfromthesamepolitical gress,shouldhavesacrificedhimselfandhisfu-TrnnwWART*. ,1. ]€0 Greenwich-si.In front of the Frencb stand, on Varick ttrset, were drawnvpinlinetbeLafayetteWide-Avekea,%ra- Earkably fire-looking 'bpdy of mem They hot* aIsrgebanr/erwiththewords:udvb JlApub'tcen rrnxcsii. C19 ^ro»d-waT \ "Jfcrat Pre»id«nt, Abrah<un LrWceto.policyinfull. Iffbetax-payersoftbe8fcitecan partyatthe*ame'time. Thisisamistake. Tam- tureforamerenomination. ButitappearsnowBee in these facts any reason* for voting against many and M< zart have each their candidate, and that he has been promised by the disuniomsts that 4. 8 Huduon-ut.itipd«j«igaed by the Democrats toelectboth,if •hejshaRhePresident,ifnotofthe UnikdStates,prs8)bie,inordertodestroythepoliticalbalance,atBeastofa.SouthernRepublic. ItisonacoountWt»rtElovt-ntii-ft.7. N. E co;.Wasblngton-ph<rB,November,beina:eatUriedthatanhonestvot«I*aRepublicanSri-oroph W e beg to aasnre the "Coloni'/era" and "Flyirg"Artil- lery,''thattheMayorhasofferedabundeddouo-r*apfece-for iihgalvotera—arewardwhichweintendtooaliforineveryca*e andHaaKa,werethewords:true that the Central Railroad controls a certain in the Boaid of Sapervitorsy and give the Demo- of -that promise thit he has not answered the Nor-1awrraber of votes; but we are very much mistaken cr?.ts the control of it. Tois is to be eftected by folk questions. Mr. Buchanan sanctions thiascheme, and he will make over to the disunionists for Schwarzwaeldex, repre*er.ting to the voters the archives, TreL&UTy, Army and Navy, as soon as8: 1« New Bowery. "•:- 4. ,1>7 Cherry-st.Ot?anotherbannsr,betweenportrsataofUixcoia. • ' ii wb*re frauds axe attampted on tbe bailot-box. , •' Free Howe* for Free Men."'The rezzJutions were received with loud applauae; The rest of the aseemWy was made up^meabenTHE BELT. TICKET IN VIRGINIA.News from Virginia is positive as to the election -most zealous friends of Fusion, i* Mr. Richard movement, Solomon G. Haven of Buffalo is by far of the Bell ticket, as Mr. Douglas will get at least10. 431West Twenty-fifth-fit •SKVEKTKKVTH1. 233 Kowery.2. 382 Houston-ut8. 164ScffoIk-8t.4. 32 oecr nd-av.5. 19 Sucth st, 6.N.VV.cor.6tb-at.andl*t-iv. 7. 103 Euat Twclfth-at.8. 206 Eaat Tbirteanth-fit.9. 208 First av.- One of'the-most d-'ttiosruished antagonists of the . Amorg tie few Americana in this State whoWHUB.ing before bim, he and his friends thought they had great reason for rejoieing. not only b'cauee the- seed they had sown had fructified to the profit of the princi- ple of liberty, bnt because they had vindicated France u; the eyes oi the world, and set themselves in a farorr ahl*lightbeforeciviliaedcommunities. After havinghave linked themselves with the Dry Goods Fusion.em States.V6 i'XJ~ Gieenwicii-ei." 7. "A Laiabt-fct«. 472 Canal-fct.S i w u tV'A3a>. 1. 1 Try on row.the people rule," xsircal popular sovereignty, were still tiiwnplant. Having exhausted the argument of "Abolitionist," "Nigger party,/ and "Sectionalism," the ".last card" was turned up, which proved to bo the oft-tried, worn out bug-bear: of Disunion! Mr. W, claimed that there was a Union party in this country—aparty numbering its friends in every State iu the 0aioa,whichcltimeditsinfluenceandvindicateditssaactityby pointing in triumph to Its record. When,1list W;n-i r»-'TELEGRAPH>VasMnsrton*twenty thousand votes in the State. Many Demo-2. bixth Ward Hotel, cor. Cen- tre BT.0Kt;nde-fctn.5. 82Centre-tt.cratsopposedtodisunionwillvotedirectlyfor'Mr.disunion openly."/ /v •10. 113 Eaat E l e v e n t h s . 'the Hcuee of Repreeentatives, there were threats ofdfsunhm be3rd day aft<r day from the lipe of section-eli&teofallstripes. ,Tbe great massofthe laboringclasses of the North were reviled and viiliued—our elcquest ha f hour's speech, gave a statement of theinetitutions held up to scorn and contempt—and yet, questior s of tbe day. He* fpoke of the ineonaistsney it whileDcnglasmenandBreckinridgemen,represent- wouldshowfoxEuropeans,whohadbeenformanyTHEFATE OF DISUNIONISM SOUTH.btthandWaiker-atg. SEVKNTH WAKD.12. C3Avorue.A,cor.Fourth-st. 13. 815Houatoit-at14. 268 EastThUtfeOiith-»t.15. 164-Eleventh-fitMr. Victor Faider wes then intrcdnced, and in an T•'..<usionisls and not stir the'.flames' by interference,4. 18K Cherrj-st. 5 59Pfko-«t.ing constituencies of freemen, cringed like spaniels be-fore' their master,' who stood up like men on the floor hundred years fighting for liberty, now to lend theirA togtnt lemonstrance bas been presented to this 6 48 Hamrnond-Bt.TWENTIETH W A R D . 1. 298 West 27th-st2. 209lCth-aV.3. 357 9th-av.4. 285 Wefit36th.st.5. 4!i0 lOth-av.6. 1£6 West 27tb-iit.7. 402 9thav.'10. 312 7th-av.11. 343 7th-av.12. 179 West 33d-flt. 13. 398 7th-av.14. 4357th-av.Government against the diversion of the Brooklyn and the St. Marys, veteele-of war, from the protection of7 82 Fourth-fit.8. 665 Budi-cn-Bt. 9. 18 Fonrth-at..-the political .fountains of ten or twelve years esade on their way home. ago, and quoted from Clay, Benton, Webster,Dix, and Bronson, to show" that the position oftheee .distinguished men "on the Slavery question,one believe that the revolution ao steadily progress- the Panama route, to other purpoees. This rcmon- IP. 4.Belhi'.»e-«t.FroHi Tampico.Bomeetead Bili, as introduced in Congress by the Re- publicans and defeated by the Democrats. Bis remarks w*re attentively listened to and frequently interrupted by rounds of applause. ' As he retired from the stand be was greeted with three cheers, which were mosrt heartily «iven.measure, that he would not advert to it boyoad saying'The .Steamship: Arizona, from Brazos 24;h, withhitton-at. ilnd Broudw»y. 6. South-west corner of l58th8'.. arid iOth av. THIJCTEENTU, W AKD.. at., bet. 47th and 48th-eta.9. E. S. of ltth-av., b»-t 48th ar.d 49{h-sts., about. 50 feetn. of 4&t£ st. onllch-av.10. 649 9th-av.,25feetn. of£0lh-at.. on w. s. of 9th-av.11. 693 9th-BV.,b*t 52dand 55th- »ts., 20 ft. H. of .53d-at, w . a.all objectiors brought against, him. Gov. Noble rTtat'it^fenned or-<vof the moat aubstar/ioj piauksin theclosed by. an earnest appeal for the oshdidates"; "His Republican Platform. He would eimply make a fewOMAHA, N.T , Monday,'Oct 28,1860.eions of Slavery before they existed, the public The Denver mail-cofirch reached this city about 10 5. 7 Goeick-Bt. —of9th-av. .12. W . S. of 7th-av., 25 ft.,9. ofo'clock last evening, 5£ days from Denver' bringing 6. 34 Mingin-at.The HOD. Churchill C. Cambreleng has been five passengers, inciuouig the m*s?eu2er of Hinckley 7. 14 Surl6lk-8t.: . :•'.-'••••' £7tb-Bt, b. 5dthand57th-nts. A song was then eung, amid the applauao of theatirred up to write a letter of sympathy to a Fusion meeting, in which he says:"for the firat time in our biatory we find a patty ao re*ardl«as of ocr Ur.ion a» to nominate candidatea for President aiid Vice-Pre*iden* both-from one aootion only." .>& CO.'B Express, with $25,000 in gold dnst; $7,000 8. 48. Cjaxiion-£t.r FoiriiTBKKTii WARD.13. W . S. of Broadway, b e t crowd, and64th and 65th-£ts., at thehouse of John Fesaelrueir. Horace Greeley was introduced. He was received—We kney that Mr.C.wasgrowingold;butwe had not suspected that the decay of his memory is a young merchant of high chaiacter,Who may beThreehundredbalesofcottonintheUnionExpreeeMASSMEETING IN THE THIRD DISTRICT.was so total. Why he—Churchill C. Cambrelengrelied on to resist all the corrupt influences whichGRAND GATHERING OF AMERICAN, FRENCHAND GERMAN REPUBLICANS.A roueing meeting of the voters .of the Third Con-Mr. Greeley—No, Sir; and henever was. ["Good," and cheer?}. Mr. Greeley went on to give an account of Mr. Williamsons success in life. He said that he would not go to Washington to make money, but to—-in 1S28 supported Andrew Jackson for President have prevailed at Albany, but which are now : doomed. It is seldom that a merchant of hisand John C Calhoun lor Vice-President—- ' both•"frcmone section only," if Mr. C. does not object to stamp can be induced to accept a nomination•.MUSIC, '"•*' .* •:•••.'•the grammar. Again, in 1848, he—Churchill C. Cambreleng—supported Martin Van Buren for President, and Charles Francis Adams for Vice- President—"both from one section only." If ho should live till 1863, we presume he will then sup- port twoiSoutheraFire-eaters; for beseems to give iforth and South turn and turn about, and to try the plan of choosing Ms candidates " both from *' one section only" every,twentieth year. But lowcanthemanwhorepeatedlydoesthisverything himse!f, eo coolly assert that nobody ever did it till now?Some of our sharp Democratic politicians, •despairing of success in the coming election, are tryix^ to make expenses by the practice of a regu- lar "letch" or "dodge" in the way of betting. For instance, a Democrat meets a Lincoln man,and says, " "TTho do you vote for this time ?"xeply i** ".For JUucoln, of course." " F o r Lin- " coin ."' responds Sn*rper; "Pit bet you .twenty *' you don't.. You'll cha*o;e your mind before Elec- t i o n day." The wager is insuspectingly accept- ed, when the betting Democrat goes in pursuit of anothervictim. OnElectiondayhewillchal-lenge every greeny with whom he has made a bet, and each one will, as a matter of course, not only kse his vote, but his money also. Betting is a very poor style of argument at best; but this peculiar style of betting is fool:shness personified.W e are sorry to hear that the Douglas leaders in this State have been terrible sufferers by the stock panic which Mr. Cobb, Mr. Schell, and their fellow plotters, have got up in Wall street Van Schaick, the broker, who exploded on Saturday, was the confidential stock-agent of the Douglas men. Their losses are understood to be enormous. It was toofor such a post, and we appeal to the substantial citizens of the XXIst Ward to thank Mr. J. by earnest effoits to elect him.The object of the panic got up in Wall street by Secretary Cobb ana his fellow- conspirators is to fiightenthe merchants of New-York into voting against Lincoln.• —Do tbeee traitors nnd ecamps suppose that the merchants olNew-Yorkaresuchfooisastowish to have this panic protracted through the Winter ?For what else would be the result of throwing the election kto the House of Representatives ?•to resign hie office and relieve himself of the oathwhich specially binds him to support the Federala contralto, with a tendency to the mtzzo soprano, rich called univtreal attention to the Square,and for a that Mr. Williamson should not be cheated out of hi*rubbed out Deacon Herriek and the haurfso^ae Dr.will not agree with you.The Republicans of the XS th Assembly District came also in the hands of passengers. The mining 1. 273 Mott-at. '« .14. S E- cor. of lOth-ay. an.4 with loud cheers. A burly fellow with a very bltck exhibited in their treatment of Kansas and Nebraska.comprising the XXIst Ward of our Ciiy, have nom ioated Mr. E D W A R D C. J O H N S O N to represea them in the Assembly this Winter. Mr. Johnsonnews is unimportant.'.2. 21 Princt-st.'i. 4* Prince-Bt.4. 179 Elizabtth-st.., W A K D .and examined the doctrine ,of H. V. Johnson that Mr. Grow entertained the audience for nearly aa " capital ehonld own its labor, instead of hiriug ic,"i^rare intelligence. The part of. tho Page is an number of toicheB and gome fine deeigne on tiieir ungrecions one for a debutante, the costume trangparencies.Meesrs. Ludington, Brown, and others ad-Jresssd the rified Democracy. Consequently they were gently meetirg, the Wide-A.wakes meantime forming and glaced upon a shelf, and a Mr. I>elap!aine, a get tie-marchingabouttheDistrict. .^ manwholivesinFifthav»nueandisverywe^Uhy,hsd moi *y, and waa-.wiliicg to spend it. The speaker said be had known Mr. Watemau for many years, and knew him to be a staunch, subttantial Republican, who had made himself the popular and talented man that he now is. He ia a hard working man, andusuallywornbeing,tosaytheleast,notbecomingtoFrom a convenient cart in the square a capiial speech wse placed upon the ticket. To be sure, he was a man...4-.^. II .—-• •4tryintEch Election District in the several Warde of this city, until otherwise ordered.etoemaker to buy 8h/>ee—notout of pnrs W e for Oka' bkcemaker, but odtof neeewsty.TJOspeaker was^mu<A distarUd by the iaceestol drummirgwhichWaskeptupbythenunfer»uaWi5*! A wake Clubs. ***"provalofth««eondidatcsbyalargervote thanw*Jeverh"** _^0«*t Jcr a ftepubhean County ticket £n the »e-*r\l..Wdrdec«vpoeingtb»»Third CongTBfisionslDistrict. •, °K $* £&*f Zcitnng, abl7 addressed the ineetZT6th Tba*.we urge Upontbeelector*r-fth*First,Third, •»«• Fifth Assembly Dis-ricta. tbe iiece«8tty of working eatnefitij' j°x tb©returnofourcandidatesforAafiemblv.aaon-toenextLev*" latere will devolve the duty of electing a "Uni^d fftates Seri«.t«.>t; and we do hereby ratify the terrainominatioa*of .foaeph J*- Gardnerforthe Fir«tAfi*«mb.T Dte-trict,Wildaa H. Gtaoa for tireThird,anaJohnJShawfortheFifth-:7tl. That w© hereby pledge on»n>lv*«j to'devote the time-be- tweentbisnnatheelectiontoiaveetSgntfncthuReghi'.ryli«*ihx onr re»p'eotlve election districts, and to canvassing every hotr»e>'2.<i(iEobintonsit.8. 25fi Gifonwich-at.ForKTU WA1;J>. X. 7] Jacob-fit.2.ShaiC8rj*ar<.Hotel,cor.Wii HVnriard'Doaio-sta.6. Melbannx's barb^r-alwp, 3 in the diatzict. so aa to be able to prevent illegal voting o -«he ^Ufi-of5. 45 Jamev-st. v B. t3 Cherry et7. 4SCatbarine-et.FIFTH W AKD. 1. 1?8 Franklin-st.'7 1 M ontgemery-st. 1 828 Cherry.at9. % Gofiverneur st.EIGHTEENTH "WAJCD. '1. 63 Union place.2. 292 Sixth avenue.3 70J W . 2-ltb at,, a e. cor. 6 av.4. a. w. cor 15th fit and 8J av.5. n. e. cor. 17th at. and 3d av.6.B.e.cor.22dst.and3dav./7. n. o cor. 28d ot and 3d av.8. n. w. cor. 14th «t and lit av. head! This,, said... Mr.. Noble, is our record said that it was not contended by the Fusitmiiti that12.1. of Broome and Forayth-Bts. -9. 255 7th-av.TBSTH W AKD.Ttiitb Ward Hcttl, corner 8. 525 8;hav.in 1848 and in 1850, was identical with the poaition of the Republicsn3 of 1860, and then asked if these posi- tions were section&1, or calcu'at^d to dissolve the Union. . Mr. .Clay's language in 1850 was a condem- nation of the " new dogma," that the Constitution carries Slavery into the Territories, or that it recog- nizes property in. man, stronger than that adopted by the Cnicago platform. " T h e Constitution,"1 said Mr. Clay, " neither- created nor does it smstaiu Slavery." " Y o u cannot put your finger upon any part o.f cud Constitution which conveys tho right,or power tocarry slaves from one of the States ot the Union to anyTerritory of the United States. If L-laves are volunta-rily carried into such a juiic-diction, their chaios in-stantly drop off. and they become free, emancipated,liberated from their bondage." Th& Republican p^xtjrThe Republicans of the Twelfth Ward turned out last night in great numbers to ratify the nomination of .Abram Wakeman, the candidate for Congress from the Eichtb Congressional District. They assembled a t a aearly hour, m their cewhali, between One-Hondred- aid-Twenty- Fifthjand Oue-Hundred-and Twenty-Sixth, btreets, on Third avtDue, filling the large room, not yet fin:ebtd, to overflowing. The following Wide-Awake organiz ttions were out in full uniform, with torches blazing, banners flying, and bands playing as they marcred to the scene ofthe demonstration. The STork- ville, Harlem, Moirisianna, Manhattanvilie, Tremont, Melroee. Westchester, snd Nineteerth Ward Clube. Thib iatter.orgaiization was preceded by ten men bearing huge uiau's ha place of torches. Mr. James Davis waa caued to the Cbab, and after returning thanks for the116th:t, one doorweatof 5. 219 W. 44th-st, bet. 3th and 3d av., south sidw, 9th-ava.4. At Wno. WanBfield's, north- 6. S: E: cor. of 9th-av. 46th-at west corner of 124tk st. and 7. 161 W. 46thst, bet Broad- 3d-sv. . wav and !)th-av.3, ]Soith-w«-»t corner of Man- 8. N. E.oocof8th av.and42d-'intheUniversity. 8F12Brialway.9. 148 East Tcnth-at10. 68 vVeist Thiiteentb-St. SlXTBKWTH WAKD.L 72 Seventh-av. 2. 102.«eventb-*v. 3. 159 Seventh-av. 4 2^'S?venth-»r.. 5. 302 Elghtb-av.6. 260 West Sereateenth-nt. 7. I l l Ninth av.8. 9lT«nthav. ••9. 166 Ntnth-av.79th-st. . - . ' • ' /.duced. Mr. N. comrnenced by. a humorous allusion to the efforts of the opponents of Jjincoln in thia State, to effect a unicn of all the antagonistic element* againstIn speaijiDg of the different Democratic candidates*. tht speaker thought that the B&ll men were a little the meanest of all; for while Douglas and Breckinridge eitherdeclaredsomesortofprinciples,ornoprinciples at all, the Bell nun fell back on the cry, " We are for " the Union, the Constitution, and the oriforiBrnent of " the laws." Is tb*re one man in the whole country who cainot say as much. Mr. Field closed by heartily indoxeing the nomination of Mr. Wakomaa.Academy of Music last night came to a close renders it tha Fifth Ward Hotel,-about the great liberty pole, • Mr. Williamson was the only candidate in the District great favorite in the Eighth Dietrict, for be was greeted necessary to postpone an extended notice of ." L?s k&t evening, to ratify the nomination of Amor J. Wil- who had made his money in a way that he need not with th-ee times tiiree cheers. He epoke for a fewHngutiots," A word must, however, be said con, lian>eon, Esq., for Congress. The lira and smoke of be ashamed of. Some of the others would find out moments iu a most humorous manner, keeping theceining the debut of Miss Fanny Heron. Her voice is that their policy was a very bad policy before they got audience laughing constantly. He ridiculed the way many tar-bafrele, for an hour before the meeting, through with it. ['.' Ben Wood."] Let them sec to it in which the Tammany and Mozart party had quietlyThe very late hour at which the performances at the gressional District was held in the Square in front of build up the country, and especially this city, by toeHomestead bill, the Pacific Railroad, and the Tariff. finally appeared upon the platform. He seemed to.be a.,Bradford, who were originally nominated in opp- 'Osition TO Mr. Wakemsn. Neither of those g^ntlemtn w«e on the r'ght s.de of ths o'clock, attracted much admiration, and hightened the a Williamson Rallying Song, which was yery wall " Democratic machine," nor were they willing to good, and her performance generally wao marked by a intensity of the excitement. They presented a large received: spend money enough in the District among: the uater-in quality, full in tone, and remarkably fresh. She has block, on every tide, the streets" were packed with election, as ho was before.a'so a eumcient facility in execution, and an excellent eager spectators. The Wide-Awakes, arriving at 7£ Three cheers were given for Horace Grseley.method. Her knowledge of stage ..business is very- Wm. Rose Wallace then came forward and recitsdAt 71 o'clock the meeting was called to order bymost women. In almost any other character, Mi?s AfJDBEW BL£AKLEy,-E<-q., and Alderman WILLIAM was made by a workingenan whose name our reporter v»bo had never- hten kco7?n politically, but thsn heHeron would have appeared to even greater advantagethan in the cne ehe lett night filled, and that, under the meeting. The following gentlemen were then elected. .• ' -^Attheslaud erected in Franklin street, toward thefirert of their Chamber Concerts, oft'oriDg a very at- tractive programme.^Ksithall. J L. Hancon, O. H. Kopp, J. Q. Dnckworth, N.ithan -Kingfiley, Joseph B. Tajlor. Dr. Fred. Hexamer.Theo. A. Ward, E Fanen.-, John J, Sillcocfc, Henry Dovid, Jo»vph W. Kel'.ogt:, Abraham T Kilitr, Frederir-k A. Goetze, James Winterbottorh,ing to order, and Fred. A. Goetze, eeq., was elocted Chairman. The resolutions, indorsing the ticket, ^-^re read aj;d unanimously approved; after which Lieut.- Gov. Ru?ch was introduced. The Governor greetedereryi'ee to return " Young Abe "to Congress.Mr. Wakeman nbxt toon, thejftgad and addressed th«audience for eome time upon looWmacters. He desired that every man who expected to vote iathatCon- gressir.iial District should know all his views and id*as u^on the great political questions ofthe day. He had i-oihir.g to conceal, but on the contrary hop^d tuat every man would search hia record while he had the honor to reoresent them in Con*ref*, and if they could find anv act of his ihtie that was not opan and above board he dm not derire their vote*. Mr. Wakeaaau wasiieteiedtowithevidentpleaourebyeveryone precent.When tbe ni<=*t>rg adicutued the various Wida- Awakf Ciubs bghted their torches, formed in line and parac'td the waiO.The mcetincr.was very intere*tvng throughout, being the b->t attended an<i addressea byb? tt.Kr s^e-k^rs than any ether political metticg held in the diauict during the present cump*?go.UNION AT THE COOPER INSTITUTE. Another ofthe commercial series of Union meetings,'under the auspices of that now famous firm whose tit!©Constitution ? But as he does not resign, is it not " OTHKLJLO," AT IVIBLO'S GARDEN^—Last night Secretaries.—W. F. T. Chapmar, Andrew W . Leggat, George the Germans of the Sta*.e of New-York as a representa-the plain duty of Mr. Buchanan to dismiss him at began the sixth week of Mr. Forrest's engagement, Sbipton. John M. Coata, Heury F.inken, C. C. Nott, Frederick and particularly the State cf Iowa, from whence heonce ? Can it be possible that the latter is willing on which occaeion heappesxed as u Othello," for the Diiernan, Francia S. Lambert, Jchn A. Ajrea, Victor B'aider. Mr. Emmons Clark then proposed tae following res-to be implicated in tbe treason,of his subordinate? lirfct time in f\>ur years. In the live preceding weeks olutions:bailed, where "German industry and intelligence had made itself a home. The great day of battle wasOf the gentlemen elected to Congress two yearssince from this City and its vicinity by the votes ofMr. :"Forrest has appeared in but two characters, Whereas, A crisis lias occurred In the domestic aflaire of the drawing nigh; only eight times would_ the and "Lear;" acting the former nine, and naiion. which demands the earnest aad unprejudiced attention sun nee and set ere tbf-y, the audience, ". Hamlet o! every citizen of the Ancerican Bepnbli>—a crisis whicli'arch would hfe.ve the satisfaction of knowiug that Abrahamthelattersixtimee.Atthepresentrateitwillbe agitatorsare,.frommercenarymotives,endeavoringtomisrepre- LincolnwasPrew^eucofthaUnitedStates.[Cheors.] sent as the fruits of the foundation of tbo Republican party, Abrithfi"' Lincoln was the speaker's neighbor; they callseveral monthsbefore.Mr. Forrest concludes his round while it i.sin truth tho r«>*ult of th*k own corrupt,abandoned andRepublicans and Americans combined, Messrs. of tragic characters. After t: Othello" is withdrawn, ineffictent control of the Federal, Stste, and Aluulclpal affairs for a man a neighbor in tbe West, when he is not furthermany years; and , than one or two hundred miles oft" [laughter]', and old Luther C. Carter, James Humphrey and Charles we hnderttand that eome one o* the iioe.old Romans, Whereas, W e are now on the eve of an el<*°**oa a* which the Abe is an honest man. Even Democrats, there, univer-H. Van Wyck acted generally with the Republi- r people ol tlti United St»too win De caliefl on, not crly to pmt" Spattacns," ".Damon," or '" A irginiQe,"Will be jeeV<«»<wii ' n tlie purty in power, but aloo to decide what shall bn sally admitted this, aud called him honest old Abe;cans: while Messrs. George Briggs and Horace F . nextjenactcd.' t^ie policy of the Government for thefature. Therefore, we, the bnt here, the speaker wouid not be surprued to le»rnClark went the other way. Which have had most reason to repent their choice ?...'Kepnblicanaof the Hid Congreasibnal. Diat ict of .the City of yet, before the election, that the same Abe hud actually-Trie honae last night was full, as it has been every New-roik, in mass meeting asseuibled, do nnanimoualy been guilty of such a thinx as killing little children. Iteuilte, lot, Tliat we will use every honorable moana .in ournight that Mr. Forrett has acted, and the audience pow«;r to give for Lincoln and Hamlin such a majority in the' [Lfcognttr.] From the same State a candidate hadwelt! moie than usually, enthusiastic. Mr. Forrest's" Empire State aa will leave no doubt in the minda of the people been'. nomuiftted, who was known as the Little of the other States cf this Union BBto our determination to UM« Giant, though what there w&a .of him of giant Miss CUSHMAN A.S LAI>Y MACUZTH.—At the Winter '•Othello" has been little changed elnce his last ap- ell the power vested in ua under tbe Constitution, to put a check nature was very small indeed;. Why could "theyp.earince at the Broadway Theater jeveral years ago. cu oiliciul corruptiou^puniah treason—protect Our citizens athome and abioad, and in ia. word to give vitality to the wi«e and not call him such a name as the honest littleeepeciallv in the calmer portions of. it; indeed, Mr. Conway is so much more impreseive when he is quiet, and is, when he. .chooses,' BO good an actor, that it is a pity he would notever abstain-from tie melodramatic cant that has so marred some of his'1star performances.Tiie " Caesio" of Mr. Chatles FiBher, ia a deliciouspiece of acting, like'all that gentleman's Shakespeareancharacters. Hia rendsriog of the repentant; sceneafter " CaBeio'e" drunkenness is most admirable.uMrs. Conway made a fine-looking -" Desdemona,"parts of the Federal Government tie executive*,' the law-giving and the judicial, there had bean. jaMefcrialMadame Ponifii as and excellert." A E ^ a , "was earnest, forcible,were an aTistocracy built on human flesh. In Gsr- j»ai.y aiittotrntB had some such piotiension. at least, as that Home i emote ancestor had travded to J mis' a gravft at Jerusalem 1 [Laughter.] The Governwext hud, by ue&i eof th« Missouri Compromiae, stolen thelaod which belonged to our children away from them, and ihxown it at the i'eet of these sa ue elav«dioldara. Tja rigir'ji to•awechvk.K tht UiiionjVlhs speAcir •'aVad u a t!\Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentTICKER was uhanimoaely elected President of the Vice-Presidents and Secretaries.Vice President**—8. S. W i ckofl, R. S. Gould, Br . Gutinar:',wa3 unable to learn.THE GERMAN MEETTNG.circumstances, she made, so decided a success, shows clenrly that ehe is an artist of great ability and much promise.A. Boyce, Piter Fil z. E P. Cowles, Cha3 E HoffmUe, John his election, the working n.an. The speaker concludtjd lution. Would it not be more decent for him first <This evening Meesrs. Mason and Tbomas give the Htckcy. J. It Richards, Lorin Palmer, Gt-orge L.. Ehle, J. P. GL-V. Rusch of Iowa. Dr. Hexamer called the meet- by urging upon every one present to put forth all theirwill be the be«t and only answer he need ^ to « uAnmSS. must enntkue, by virtus of the natural laws of trade. alandtrn pot forth by pehiona without cbaracw . . . ,whe dreadMapolarityandenvyMwfhigfrcbwraOvS*uo-WJ"'-». totrj-dehercottonandtobaccofortWbreadef15£c5th •Ttat we approve and indor'e <he norMasU*. -.i n i M oand were enthufiaeticaJly adopted.Lieut^Gov. Noble of Wisconsin was then iatro^11. n. w. cor. 23d at asd 1st av.12. B. p. ccr. 17th st and 1st av. bals." Commend us to faces.not masks.! [Applause.] were made which would disgrace their manhood toA Hermance.W.JMoir,Th^a-McCormick,B.F.Weynoutb,' entpartsofthedistrict,listenedtoauaddressbyLieut.- knowsthewantsofthatclasstowhomhelooksforGarden, last night, Mi*s Caahmau appealed in. hergreatest legitimate part—Lady Macbeth.. Thia part AlWaysvigorous and strongly marked, his "Othello" beneficent policy embraced in the platforrn. of principles laid giant ? [Loud 1aughter.] Evidently notbecauseof his in the fond brevity of the iai'.i&bj H., S. St T. futurefifty years, a democracy of the North and the South tion cf the people of all sections of our common country, to b»d been controlled by au aristocracy of slaveholders.Ti'o " tago" of Mr. Conway is a gcod performancv bring the Government beck to the landmarks of the early fathers To prove this the speaker showed that in the variouspresented only 8,000,000, 35,000 of whoaa co.wplotet ' controlled the rest, while there were i24,O<>O,0W of th-«-^^—he r»lated 1n reference to :he Fusion ticket severaEDaw.d Dudley Field wa3 next intrcduaed. He sailMr. William O. Dowling wss lordly called for, and www.fultonhistory.com.... .•'-- ', '.--.'•.. 