 bone'-men in North Carc4ha, who are bound for Ms NEW YORK HERALD. appearance in the sum of $3,60O\ A report of theCLOSEO*THSJAKOTv»W3AJtr*s--4Js1CLiKBor tohimofpreservinghisthronewhenherefused ;JAMF.« GORDON BEKSETT, FDlfOR AN*D PR0?BIEfOR.Of l tk N W. COBXEB OV N4SSAP AND FCXT0X 8T8HJ, of «V *«w<J#r Pc-to** i*»i<«P« ** r*c«»*l a» #n/»cr*|l«o»sermon, with a description of the reverend gentle maa's appearance, will be found In our columns this morning.Wehaveintype reportsof theanniversarypro- ceedings of the Woman's Rights Association, the Female Guardian Society, and several other asso- ciations,batarecompelledfromwantofspa;eto defer their publication.TUB SPOtlT AKD THK FuKDS.—The g M a t rtil^iOUS term is BOWfairly over, and the anmversarr bnsiness closed np for the present year. One or two societies, probably, yet remain to wind up their affairs; but the groat majority oft0 wsten to the wise counseU of his uncle, the Prfrwoflfrracuee.THBOviBUVNnPoNrEXPRESS.—Tbe arrivalof the first pesry e Tpress was made the occasion of grimt rejoicings k B « Frasmlsao, the last of the little animate thW^wotformod the journey1,1?«5? BAJI r KrUA tB two etntt per aiW. *T pel"J""**1iniquityuntilnextMay.Meantimewemay Consul^aidhishorse.Thev^ecityturnedfaSSdimo^wffleBrlsiatyna, y ^ j , posttrrcly thai they will reject them b » 7 ahooM they attempt admittance mm toeSaturday the cotton ssarkt* continued ftnn, with sates•S^wafiEv <*>»,»*!*'«»•''•» * onmpart cffrmU Britain, ofabout1.10Ca1.3C0bales,closingwithin therangeof The recent elections in Connecticut, Rhodeout as if for a grand pageant, aSK* •* *he arrr 1nmreetem orSi M)prr annumTWmtAMIir aeBALO on Wedn-tlay, at finer eodeprl l ' . c a l l t,'c. for middling uplands. The near market waslessboojsatrorStatecadWesternbreads, cad the lower grades were rather easier, while the demand wasIsland and Wisconsin, the decline of tbe annualreceipts of the abolition societies, and the lit-tle public interest taken In the annivorflarygatherings from the rural districts, recently ized by peculiar dalness and stupidity; the in-va o f the: steamer Antelope from 9a'cramento<with the pony on board, the enthtisiara D f thescene baffled description. One lady became soexcited that aha tore the ribbons from her i^n-net and decorated the mane of the equine hero* tyfour hours by with them. Thus accoutred, the little fellow P«r»,tothe cnect^ S t V l r f t U i r CVKJlBSPOXDBirCK, eonntintnej importantmm. Wfr#«i A " " *"» ymrter of Ike teorU, if need, wili be oh*flyforthe hosac trade, the purchasesfor expert beingi n rnflt wwW > w * » " U C * FOBBIG* COCaBSrOSDBSrS ABB moderate. Southern flour w a s held with firmness, whilerMncvLAtLT l i w a f u to BBAJ. u i L m w ABB r m - the dtmaud was good, chiefly for chipmeat to the tropical Xt»( «*ITT OSpons. Wheatwasleasactivecad boo;ant,while pricesThe anniversaries this year were character-JTOHOTtCMtakenofawmymvmt correepondenre, then rr>*t*3 commxmraevmmheld in this city, are all conclusive evidences inpointmarchedproudlythrough thestreetsofSan Francisco, bonfires blazing, bands playing, and crowdsshoutingathisheels. Henodoubt stretched himself onhis litter that night,proud- er than ever steed did before. If the Califor- nia people are not content with empty mani- festations of gratitude, they will lay that pony up in clover for the rest of his dayaJjWtwaamtatBmttwca. inbothH^o"u^sersererp^aiartaotaatoChicap.fc,,^^^;W*momot ADVUtTISBMBBTS renewed emery daw; mnHterthementt in-return ••ntei'xi eammtaUratitmt ._^n*4<•ikeWeaaxrHUM,VABULTHan*Io,cadfa(te atsteadypiices. Messpo»kwasfirmer,whileprimeua'yoff.<Mj»i»lM and Bm-aptm BtUtiom.tUJOB rUIMTUHVols XXV.AMCbdMBNTB THISt.*»••• f....••.134 BVEBIB9.AST) lOOaCA-Y ltb ef repubheaaUStates ef the neutrality sad security of every *—m cansonboard.ThecapturedvesselistheWild- routeexistingorproposed. SuchaguanmteetaputthewithMMM,ekei|»wwanJd>-was irregular hew mess sold at SIS12',' a $15 25, cad new prla»c at $13 90 * $13 06. Soxarc wore In good demand, with sales of aboot 1,500 hhds , chiefly Cubs refiniog goods,at steady prices. Coffee was steady. The cargo of the Sarah Haxall, oinsisting of 4,006 bags Rio, was sold on private tor ass; 400 do. Maraciibo, at 13 ' £ c , and 50 do. Government Java, at lOtfc. Freights were Armor. Among ihc engagements were cbout 35 ,COQ bush- els of wheat and corn, ctuefly the former, to LiverpxH, to bulk cad thips' begs, at 7c., a 7 tfc ;and 500 bb!s. flour atAOADUTT Of MUSIC, Fa«r«B«aUi street-UAMA* Ofi- BA-iotn W Idrrr.RIBLO'S OiRDBH. Beoedemy.-BatrsefnilH maroMr u e n - t u i l u n .provided the Senate will accept <will put all the treattet ai.• regardslnfvrooecalctransits. Utthey are ready to mewporate la every treaty a Urns tbe same, as article which shall secure free)were unchanged Corn was In good request, with salesThese,of daily occurren «\ prove the character and tendency of thep :ideal revolution that is now going on all o v c the country. In the South. as in the North, there is a reaction against the foolish agitatois who insist on making the slavery queetion an element in political action. This reaction is penetrating and disintegrating all parties. The coneervative feeling is aroused among the masses, and thepeople, everywhere,•Bemhmlea. Thurlow Weedscyt the wrft* a*.l«cards,andheisbound" - ilsj||BOWBBT THBATBB B * * * ^ 8 ^ 0 * ^5I^»IZ^tP" 12s.: and 1,000 bbls. flourfwere taken to London at 2s. 3d. look for the statesmen and the party that shallpresent W e give an account to-day of tits sad the property cad sas^sBssailsc ef"•*.<•• troops A* — —BOMWSON A«» Hw MOI<BST-C«ABLE»KW CoNvsanjB- felXIK* 8*BI*0 JACB. ,TheOalwaysteamer,tosailnextweek, has about com- pleted her cargo, included in which she has over 30,000 bushels of grain on board.comprehend the popular instinct, and present its platform and its candidate in consonance therewith. There is no other issue for them to-captureofa slaver byoneof ourcruisersoff andcnisensoftbeUnitedaecsc,toreturnfortiWI*TBB OAKDEJf, Broadway, opposite Bond street- TtOVATOU*.the coast of Cuba, with about five hundred Afri-tive s a d efficient guarantee e n she part ef the UsaedWAlXArK'S TBBATRB, Broadway.—OvBELAHnBOUTS. The Present Political Revolution—The day thanthe driving of abolition fanaticismfire, which sailed from this port on the 16th of right of such forcible or other, Istll i i d lis a i may beNBW BOWBBT, Bowery -BLACX CAT or CovEHtnr- I M I H IKWEBV—TWO I'OLTS.Rlclas; Wave o f Conservative Feeling. from the field ofpolitics and government, and If the politicians and public men who are to- nothing will prevent an overwhelming popularDecember last, for S t Thomas "and a mar-of Africa—where s h e took i n t h e valuable freightnowin thehands oftheUnitedStates authorities. By-and-by w e shall hear of the Storm King, which escaped from the hands o f our Deputy Marshals the other day in such a mysterious fashion, turning up somewhere with another cargo o f men and brothers, a n d , may- hap, running them safely into some port W e learn every day that the seas are swarming with slavers, plying a busy trade, aU of whichnecessary to effect the only object wtteh She Salted «mw, desires, viz :a free right of transit Of oonrse cay later ventloa would require tofbe made la accordance with caa- stittttioaal provisions, cad the treaties therefore cecld act beconstruedasinvestingtheExecutivewhhnewor tttn. ordinary powers. On the other hand, the terms ofgucru- tee could not be offensive to the Isthmus States, wnica aat«. rally object to a direct proposition to land armed CMS ta their territories for any purpose whatever. The semea- ments proposed are also aimed against the vicious pnaa- ple of money purchase of a right of way,whether through Mexico or any other State. It is conceived that the guarantee of the United States ol the security wbh* these States themselves are unable to give is a sufnoteet compeasation for the privileges which they concede,be-BABXTJYS AMBRICA* MV&BUM. [-Ho? PICKS*—Hot.Broadway.-Dayday at their wits' end to solve the puzzle of thepolitical revolution that is now going on every-vote to that effect but the quarrels of ambi- tious candidates and cliques, and their tying up ofalltheold political organizations withab- stract distinctions, t o advance their personal in- terest. A s the experienced mariner knows that of the great rollers which sweep across the ocean, the third is the greatest, and most to be feared, so the experienced politician mayknow that the now rising wave of conservatism, which is soon to sweep over the ocean of popu- lar sentiment in this country, will far exceed and surpass the two which have preceded itBBTABTrWIBBTBBL*.»**«**•BaU,«71Broadway- whereInthecountrywouldtakeaphilosophic 1 H U J N 9 0 , BOBO*. 0ABCBS. AC.-TBB STBABUS*.those societies which deal most largely in the antislaveryagitation:theAlmightyNiggerhas been almost t h e death o f them—they have taken him in such copious doses.We have prepared a table which shows that the receipts of eight societies with whose pro- ceedings the nigger question is more or less mixed up have declined over $73,000 from 1858 to 1859, while thoee of seven societies which at- tend to their specific business and let the nig- ger alone show an increaee of $117,000 in theBIBLO'S 8ALOOB. Broadway-One. CaBBTTB trmcu uf Soass, DAXCB. AC-BLACK BM/XDEU.M aview o f the past, they would have n o difficulty in comprehending its import and the positions into which they will be carried, whether they consent or not.For thirty years the fanatical abolitionists have been agitating their insane theories. Heedless of the ruin which the supremacy of their ideas, in the old French Assembly, and more recently in the British Parliament, hasMOZART HA1.I-, Bo. 68S Bro»dir»y.—OnftATus OBABT'S BKTOtAlHKBXT- MOOBE'S IjtISH MCLOOlBa,AO.OOOfEB I*BTITOTE.-BxHtBrno!f o r PBALE'S OataiSAi f AIXT.>- o* i u i COOKT or IhutH—D»j *M KV«UB«.COBBBB OF THtBTBBSTH BTBBBT A B D FOJB^H A T B B T J B — C A u r o B J i i A MXAAOBKIK.Hew Voik, Monday, M»y14, 1800.were fitted out in our Northern ports, and not sides putting the various enterprises of intoroceanic com-tear* B>«toti on Wednesday for IJverpootpute, growing out of claims held b y our citizeas, Let the domination a t Chicago-The Defalca- caused the administration to take steps which will probe bly brine matters to a crisis, unless she responds sattion in the l e w fork Post Office—The Cen- without delay, to tbe demands of our government. It tral Imerfean and Mexican Treaties -Fhe understood already that a small naval force has beea sen Charleston Convention and ill Adjourn- Intheneighborhoodofthosewaters,sadsosoonsiare-F O Bdia colonies, their aim from the beginning was to make the slavery question an element of po- litical discussion and action. With this purposefield of political agitation.THE NEW IRIMI EXODIS.—The English papers are puzzled to account for the fresh impulse which Irish emigration to this country has re- ceived. The London ffmes says that if the exodus continues at the present rate, Ireland will scon be left entirely to the English. This is a consummation which the English ought toneeds no comment. The following is the table of receipts of the leading societies which havejust closed their annual labors:—SOCIETIES WHOSE KBCBIPTS HAVE FALLBK OFF.1858-9 1869-60. Decr'e. Young Men's Christian Assoc'n $6,5io 2,000 2,900 American Anti-Slavery Society 35 967 14,237 21,730 Am. Home Missionary Society. 187,409 185,216 2,923Am. and Foreign Cbris'n Uu on 73.000 67,000 16,000 American Tract Society 883,000 S7T^if8 6,318 .ureiicanCongregaUonal Union 10,619 9,872 647 N. Y . State Colonization Society 67.COO 34,4:9 22,591 Am. and Foreign Bible Union.. 46,000 35,880 10,860Totals $877,495 736,512 73,869 socnniES WHOSE EEcmrrs HAVE INCREASED.1868-9. 1869-60. Jncr'e. Am. Board of Foreign M'JBIOES$207,043 214,872 7,824MAILS«%• ««w York Herald—Hdltlom Urn in view they flooded Congress with anti-slaveryKTTROPB.NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.Bmrop*.Th» Cuu*rd mad BteamaJwp Canada, Captain Lang, willschool children, which first alarmed the Sonth, IV* European mails w!U cloae in thie City to morrow af- and brought up the question of the right of pe- ternoon at Half-past one o'clock, to go by railroad,and tition. But notwithstanding all their efforts, theyat naif past five o'clock, to go by steamboat.The Japanese Embassy-Their Reception b ythe Government -The Relations Between United States in rigard to the pending questions it di»visiters. It is expected that the Embassy will ar-rive at Wathington by noon to-day. Their recep- ster—to the last effort of their expiring career- and it is natural that during the winter andrace of expounders—Calhoun, Clay and W eb ployment at any period of the year, tion by the government will take place on Wednes- The compromise of that year was accepted with early spring we should hear some complaintsing to pay for religion, and to assist philan- thropic movements of all kinds; but the con- servative portion of it will not support any church or any society, religious or philanthro- pic, which devotes itself to the mischievous agitation o f slavery: s o that these societies must either abandon the Almighty Nigger, or go without the Almighty Dollar. And very fewwas formally presented to the Ambassadors. The former man postage on American correspondence transmittedday, but the precise programme has not yet been decided on.Ourspecial Washington despatch this morning states that great excitement existed in government circles in relation to a heavy defalcation in the New York Post office. The amount of the defalca- tion is said to be abont $155,000.public joy everywhere, and the first great con- in regaid to it. A s far as the crops are con-servative wave against the fanatics rolled over the ocean of public sentiment from Passama- quoddy to the Rio Grande, and across to the shores of the Pacific.The Presidential election of 1852 was theshowed his commission from the President to take charge of the Embassy while in the United States. Captain Du- pont introduced Commander Lee an<l Lieutenant Porter as his associates—also t h e President's Interpreter. Mr. Led- yard was also introduced as tbe representative of the State Depart ment. He welcomed them to the country The interpreter briefly but Intelligibly responded. The ceremo- nies being concluded, and the treaty being uncovered and exposed to view, friendly intercourse tookvia Hamburg.Oar Washington Correspondence. WAsmrGKS, May 11,18MThe (M Whig Party Redivwut. and its Ticket of BeB and EtxTtU — Ditappomimcnl of the Progrmitt Omtena- tuts—A Fine Openingfor Bonner, of the New Fork Ltdgar—Old Whig Estimates of Bell t Election ty tin House, and Ms PotsMe Nomination at Chicago, etc.The Dutchman, who cut down an oak tree out of wax*to make a fiddle bow, and then whittled n away till heWe publish in another column a letter from ourKey West correspondent, giving the whole particu- conservative revolution. Party lines were in alars of the capture of the slave bark Wildfire, by the great measure broken up. Jackson and Cal employment for field hands in every district in latter for the former. United States steamer Mohawk, Lieut Craven. The houn were dead. Clay expired in June, whenliaverhad 530 slaves on board, seventy having diedonthetripfromAfrica.TheWildfireisaneatclipperof 337 tons, and was formerly a packet employedbetween this port and Vera Cruz, and was ownedby Hargotis Brothers. The last trip 9he made tothat port was in August lastpractical demonstration of the triumph of thisWegive elsewhere additional details of the news ranged the plan of the campaign. Weariedef them, w e opine, arc willing to sacrifice the plsce, and preparations for going aboard the Philadelphiacontrolled the policy of the political abolition- Bwtss question would be held in Paris about the ists, and led them to endeavor to counteractAmerican citizen goes into the Western wilder- the extension of tbe appropriate court isles of welcome, tbe roe&t at Baltimore. Houston was too much of an oid under the direction of the oflioers of the Navy Yard. The ine democrat lor them—be was not soond upon the oU.voy. It was thought that the conference on theness, he takes the spirit of politics along with grounds have been placed in the best possible condition, wtg goes.? (juceiioo ol a protective tanil, he was a hereticthe weakness of their cause by the personal Liverpool en the 30th ult., and was received with strength of their candidatey They put in nomi- immense enthusiasm, the multitude removing the nation General Scott, whos-l illustrious namehim: and as its resources, either in mineral or and no means will be neglectei to make a favorable im- upon the old wh g idea ol internal improvements, and he haa too recently etool up In Texas as the defender andend of May. Tom Sayers, the prize Sghter, visitedagricultural wealth, begin to be developed, pression upon tbe minds of the visiters, who will be con advocate of Mr. Buchanaa's administration, to sit wailhorses from his cab and dragging him in triumph through the streets. Rareyjihe horsetaraer, had arrived at Constantinople, and had had an inter. view with the Sultan. In Liverpool the demand for cotton continued goxl, and prices were firmly maintained. rcontrasted strongly before the people with that of his unknown antagonist. The veriest tyro in politics knows how that campaign was con ducted. Everywhere the impression was felt that i f General Scott w a s elected h e wtfuldcessor to General Urquiza, was regarded as hostileAyrea intended to declare its independence. The everywhere, and the powerful combination iucapitol, does not look as if it would be as easily nation.quelled as the Neapolitanjournals would have THS CHARlislOS CONYKrTHM ASO ITS ADJOTRXXK.NT TOgamn«, alter all Th.y count, not ^ M !n* r*uHea,i<u« upon the pertacueni oweolution eft i t * democrats; '•f!' at Baitinore upon A Douglas Cetaocrktic uc**"»l°* NormenequattersoTerfignty,aada&"u'.her»r-Pu,r.a t R io recentd e Janeiro, heavy rains,Bra/:', whichgive of them. They assert, for instance, that stoned by the psoplc to de a specific a?'., a*, a presentatlvee, even if cbe. repubtieaas wua spc- remain intractable B u t t h e undenting " " *the trouble is nearly at an end, and that only a cilied time and placs, and at no other time the calculating managers al that nomio*uon el >- *,The Rev. Mr. Worth, who tat been rendered •emtive spirit of the coantry, and his threatLet the insurrection last another month, and time. This is believed to he (he game of the Douglas and billiard saloons; seventh retail stores- the flames of revolt will spread to Naples, andsomewhat notoriouB on account of his connectionwhich, it was said, worn to Bid in ittfsabvMBg hsjto preventany other oomiaatien There i s , therefore, a a feet to appeal to tbe ssssatrscy by aevthepoliticalcampaignwasjustopening. Web- ster, withdrawn from public life, had sought rest in the shades of Marshfield. The arena of active politics was abandoned to the minor politicians who still occupy it, and these ar-There are other influences at work which, wemore republican than the latter expected, was conducted dent makers of the late Baltimore Convention. With the de- OIR STATES ANDTEKRITO«IE.S—GROWTH o*' withgreatdignityonboth sides, cod marked byappa- mocraticpartybrokentopieces,withtherepublicanpartyfrom Europe, brought by the Fulton, at this port, with countless intrigues, the democrats at Bal-and the Canadian at Farther Point The French timore, after a long struggle, united on an un- Rev. Dr. Cahill. Since his arrival in the Unitedpewa and Dacotah. Thus the ^republic grows Monday.apace. There are now thirty three Sates and There will, to morrow, be no formal reaeption of thegovernment were preparing measures for the im- known man from New Hampshire. The want provement of trade, agriculture and manufacturesjn the recently annexed provinces of Nice and Sa- of prestige which attended the name of PierceStates he has been writing letters, the tendencyof which has been to encourage immigration,by the attractive pictures that he hasdrawn of the condition of his country-men here. He has had the good senseto see that when they have failedto make a position for themselves, it nas been in which he lives, and seeks organization as marines and district military. The precis3 programme forentirely through their own fault, whilst for the Wednesday has not been perfected, as there are points of Besides, these old line oid fogiee of the old whig faith a Territory. When these five new Territories diplomatic etiquette first to be determined. The officers aave contracted a mortal disgust for military chtentios, really industrious and persevering the chances arc organized, and Texas is divided into of the army and navy hive been notified by circular that trom their bitter experience with'Tippecanoe' and Tjler are infinitely greater than any they can findat~> lou, 'end Gen. Taylor ana Gen. sicitt. Ine crashing defeat of four States, as was provided for at her it is tbe desire of tbe President that they be present at the < ,'enera' Scott cured these old wnirs of these military exhome. The testimony of the reverend gentle- aJmis8ion, and a new State is formed out of reception. The former will accompany the General in- pedients, and they now shudder at tbe bare mection of awhich exhibited itself in the Know Nothing in Ireland to any part ef the United States,having their natural effect. A dd to these ad-vantages the fact of the large sums which are and the new President seemed determined to carry 185U. The nomination of Fremont was due to constantly being transmitted from our Irishelections in Uruguay passed off without bloodshed,theNorthernStatesinfavorofFremontinBAITIMORK.out the policy of his predecessor. The Confedera- tion, it is stated, was never so disunited as at thepresent time.Ow correspondent* • « « 18, says the•Jrojmd the irowiag crops, have ceased, and the•*•««*** B«Wand for the last week or ten days is hwerytniBf that could be desired. The roads in She interior have dried op, which causes coflee to r SMto market fas larger supplies than usual at i is season. Fee severaljeaw past the plantations Bare increased and grown larger, and the crops never presented a more abundant yield than at present Busteess is improving.this conservative reaction, and not to the inilti fellow citizens to their relatives at home, as in- ence of the political abolitionists of the Seward ducements to them to come out, and we haveusbelieve. Atallevents,effortsmadebythe authorities to prevent information leaving theSome of the ablest men of the deuncratic party here, mocratic ticaet to tbe .Si/atb. They ealcc:*t* egam* ta» Southern ticket upon carry mg the 5taus of lKiawareschool, who proclaimed that it was made by a mob, and their leader openly declined to sup port itSince the campaign of 185b', the political abolitionists hare endeavored by every possi- ble means to make it appear that they are sup-explanation enough ef the extension which emigration from that quarter is taking.i sregard tbe adjournment of the Charleston Convdu'.im to starjland, North Carolina. <.*«npa and T^ia*^-^ xn l country show that the facts of the struggle do Baltimore, as Illegal in a political sense, and b >i.i ibu.the eo seriously to cct up the sapubheane in tt« North not tally very closely with the versions they Convention transcended its powers—thit it was cosnus as to throw tbe eleumb into tbe Bouse < shouldported by the popular sentiment Bat nume- teenth 'street and Fifth avenue. The ordertehry, tbe support ef fee rejmbbmms, U order » * • " "rous events plainly indicate that such is not the case. Seward's brutal and bloody speech at Rochester in 1858, at once alarmed the con-before the election In November; aad wbsa It mwtsNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY", MAT 14, I860.—servile w*r in the South, sad a crtH war in the Union, Spooner'a abolition exporinding of the constitution, brought forward with Seward's endorsement on the title page, sad detailing the whole revolutionarj P1** o f oparatiwa1 of thepoliticalabolitionists,hasopened the eyes of the community to the destructive tendency of their theories. The tide of popular reaction hasbeenswellingagainstthem,andisnow exhibited in numerous iorms and many places.Ia n dc imerousminorindicationsone of them in the South—a very remarkable brought upon the French and British West In- since the introduction of abolitionism ia the same period. This fact speaks for itself, and fact.munication, in all or which American cttaens are iaw- rested, on an equal footing, leaving their success to a*- pend upon their merits, and not on adventitious or per. tial government aidKXLATIONS BBTWaXSI THE 1 -VJTtD STATES A5D PWT. The indecent neglect end impudent aad besutting mea- ner in whim the Peruvian government have tieatad Owpetitions, mostly signed by women and Sundaycould not make the slavery question a politicalat ten o'clock in the morning. Single copies, m wrap- one. Parties were divided on the practical is- feel no surprise at, seeiDg how hard they havemply is received to tbe despatches transmitted a sho;t tisM since to aUnister Clay, in which the ultimatum of our go vernment was communicated in dear aad uantistak ess* Engbcb, and If she still persists in her insulting treatment, theremaybeworkforcprettylargenavalforceisthat direction.It is known here that the French squadron Is eithw at or near Callao now to demand satisfaction for their ii- suiting treatment of French claims. These aad other causes bids fair to lead to some pretiy lively times for tin PeruviansTbe Philadelphia left Portsmouth at a quarter pasteight this morning, .'or tbe Roanoke, with tbe Naval Commission and the invited guests. Tbe weather is magnifi- United States and tbe Thum aad Taxis pastel district,TheEciorsAjrTt>mo»orranHBKALDwillbepobishedf«r*,sixcentB suesofcurrency, tariff andinternal improve- workedto accomplishitbyproscriptivelaws,ment,£ cBttbcertBCiont and adTerHseraensi for any edition of the ments, and men would not trouble Riw Toax EMMXAIDwill be reoetrcd at tkcfollowinx places with abstract ideas.is Emrope —themselvesthe maintenance of a State church, and whole- sale evictions of Catholic tenantry.Thefirststepoftheabolitionistsonthepo litical platform was in the celebrated Wilmot proviso, introduced in Congress in the winter of 1846-7. Other issues had died out or beenThe contents of the IriormAs BWTJOS or m Hmutn practice; the tariff was settled on the revenueHerespeculationisequallybusyastothe causes of this movement Some ascribe it toAmerican Bible Society Am.SundaySchoolUnionN Y . Sunday School Ucion.... Am. Seamen's Friend Society....aampeonLow,3on*On,47LndgateH91.r, Starr * Co.L74 King Williamjtrect Tom... Uutsuut. Baldwin * Oe . 8 piaee de la BourseLrrmwom . lenctng, Starr &Co., No. 0 Chapel street. R *uart,10 Exoksog* street, EastHATBS Lansing, Baldwin hOo , 2 1 rue Oorneliie. l i n c u . ..De Obapeaaronge kXo.general reduction of laborers' wages, after a settled. The Sub-Treasury was in successful period of temporary prosperity, and othersSociety for Amelioration Jewso ft i eOarSpecial Wasblnpton Despatch. WASHIKGTOS, May 18,1SS0.ARRIVAL OF TOT JAPAKX8E EMBASSY I!T HAHFTO.V B0AD3—FTO gKjriATiOK OFCAFTAHf 0CP05T.About twelve o'clock last night tbe steamer Anaooctia, sentinel in tbe Bonds, arrived at Norfolk, announcing tnat tbe Roanoke bad arrived in Hampton Roads.wW cocaMnc the news receiTCd by null and telegraphat SBecBsso snrsaf the prerieoc weak and up to the hour of yahswHI—.The News.fhe United States steamship Roanoke, with theJapanese Embassy on board, arrived in Hamptonprinciple, to the manifest advantage of all, and the internal improvement question had trans- fused all parties. Under the guise of the Wil-motproviso,abolitionism obtaineda political existence, and the first fruit of it was the Buffa-again to the prospect of the Pope tracsferring Totals , the Holy See to this side of the Atlantic. How,as far as we can ascertain, there is but littlePOSTAGE anrwRBs rax rarren STATES AWD GSEMAYT Tbe German rate of prntege oa letters between theRoads on Saturday night Yesterday morning lo platform in 1848. From that time it raged Capt Dupont, who is to have charge of the Em- in the political world until lt<50, when the dan-tures:andas regardsthe last,theproject,if it exists, is rather remote for a present result of this kind.these figures furnish. The merchantsand cent. AtaQuarterpastnine it arrived attheRoanoke, conveyedviaHamburg,hasbeea recentlyreduced tocother conservative meu who contributed to wbote sails were furled and tops manned. Our band uniform rate of fifteen cents, the same as when conveyed played a national air. Captain Dupont, of tbe navy; Capt via Bremen; so that in the future the.ctngie rate of lettersthe funds of these societies have discovered per half ounce or under, between tale country aad the that the very question which is destroying Taj lor, of tbe marines; Mr. Ledyard, son in law of Secre. German States, under the direction ef the Thurn end their interests, ruining their trade, and drawing tary Oass, and Mr. Portman, Interpreter, went aboard the Taxis Post Office, whether conveyed via Bremen or Haa-Roanoke in the first quarter boat. The second boat con burg, will be fifteen cents—prepayment optional. Thethe country to the very verge of disunion, is ve>fd Commander Lee, Lieutenant Porter, Secretary single rate of letter postage between the tutted Sulci and Switzerland by the Hamburg mail haa beea reiuc** fostered and promulgated with the aid of their of the Commietioo; Mr. McDonald and tbe invit- from twenty-seven to twenty cent)—prepayment op-money by these societies, and they will no ed guests. The third boat took the reporters tional as heretofore—which reduction gees Into effect iav longer support them. The community is will- aboard. ID tbe cabin of the Roanoke, Captim Dapoat mediateiy, cad is tbe result of the reduced rate of Ger-There is some partial distress at the pre- bassy while in the United States, went on board gers to which the constitution and the Union sent time in Ireland, but it exists in the Ruaooke, and was formally presented to the were subjected by it roused the giants of the places in which there is but little em-416,011 436,956 20,945 26t,00u 311,764 60,762 10,8(f> 16,000 5,«M) 61,679 72,640 20,981 apprehensions of another famine, others to the Pres. Board of Foreign Missions 230,082 2i7;l-s2 .7,£G0$1,184,620 1.301,997 117,365 There can be no stronger evidence of the evil tendency of introducing the slavery agita- foundation for thefirst'1two of these conjec- tion into religious societies and churches thancerned, noindications asyet have manifested themselves which would justify any fears of theirfailure. We do not believe that asa general thing the Irish laborer will earn less this year than last. The country is in a pro- gressive state, under the influence of the En- cumbered Estates act, and there will be'milwhich agriculture constitutes the main support of the peasantry.are now progressing. The interview between the Commireioners and Ambassadors, although evidently much spoiled it, was not a more Barry carpenter than the Presi-departed fromthe odor o fTBE UNION.—The Committee on Territories of rent reciprocal confidence in each other. A feeling of think, will account more satisfactorily for the the House has reported bills organizing five deep interest pervaded among tbe spectators. The Inter-hanging loosely together, and with a million of indepen-dent voters awaiting hopefully a brilliant coi'j d'etat, tan*Baltimore Convention had only to put up the name ofGeneral Sam Houston, in order at least to carry the eiection into Congress against ail contingencies, and wan sgood prospect of an election by the people «r old ^ea Ja- cinto.But there was too much of innovation upon the old order of things, too much of enterprise and popular enincreased movement of Irish population in this direction. It is notorious that there are few men in Ireland w h o enjoy such universal and well merited influence over its people as thenew Territories, namely: Idaho—whose Indianname signified "a gem of tbe mountain." nowknown as Pike's Peak—Nevada^Arizona, Chip-preters of tbe Embassy mixed freely among the visiters, and responded to their congratulations in tolerably good English.Tbe Philadelphia will be in Washington about noon onpair of (.pautettes. But their hereditary, bom in the- none ba'ied of anything savoring of the democratic party, or democratic principles, or this democratic aomiQistre- Uon, was sutlidrnt in i«eslf to render a positive viotory te these old whigc, with Houston as their champion, less Je- .-lrab.e khan a certain detent tike that of I960, with aa oldice whig of the genuine ami democratic stripe ol Jobs BeM.Thete old whigs, however, iiattw themselves that whils the name of Bail w.U reunite the old line * higs and Know Nothings, some coD&Kerable arceatioc will be made te the ticket by tne Dsn»e of Edward Everett, through the influence os m a t widely circulated literary journal, the New York Ledger. In tiis view, it would be an excellent idea on the Dart of the Ledger to boat the flag ot Bell and Everett; for tf eiecieu we are sure aad cei tain that F.oben Bonner would only have to say the word to be crotnote<i to the head of the a-imiaistrauos organ at Washington, with Sylvanas Cobb Finn) Prre, ana all their aascca.e contributors, as members of the Kitcttn CabinetAM this, however, depend* upon the election of sad ticket. And berf wefetiekIn the mod: for i* i* ih»> ooewof thtce old ..ue wbigs tr.a', in pr-ip<irtiou i<> iheir numbers, they rejieeett H'.re pure soi.d wtaltb, more Nortaers *bij.<: eiid r*ct(^ri«a, ar ! c^ore .*>uthsir ^-laiitatioaa- "«*H Mocked with goo' tat nif*ers. more talrnt, more leanng, more respectability and tewer votes U»*n aa> political pajty *bicb ever has existed. doe« exist, < r w; I ex-< is btf country to»he <n« ot theworti. Su;o » part?, tn#7l l - H . which the royal troops lose two battles out of come, purge yourselves of suspected complicity w.th the roLif't.TTbnex- ol. , iuie whi^s, however, Usr»ioey 3»|-*>« «•"» to the Province, and there were rumors that Buenos and opposition triumphs in the local elections without trouble or risk of being cheated, are three, and which necessitates the removal of the New York delalcat on. Tne country await? your esnl* "dc'viiiiithely ' rhry are pii_,;ns » n u . ' n 'n * c , .The new3 from Mexico, given in our paper to- be compelled to submit to the influ-man has done more to dispel the prejudiceswhich bad been raised against this country b ythe Know Nothing agitation, and the misrepre-sentations of some of the Irish papers here,thananyothereffortthathasbeenmadetocounteract them. The people of Ireland feelfull confidence in his assurances, and it is rea-sonable to believe that his letters have giventhis fresh impulse to the movement of emigra-tion in this direction. Another thing that hascontributed to aid it is the establishment ofthe Galway line on a basis that inspires confi-dence in the seaworthiness and safety of itsvessels. When it first started, the incomplete-ness of its arrangements, and the accidents thatoccurred to one or two of its steamers, pre-vented the facilities which it held out from ex-ercising their full inducements. Now, the/portions of Tennessee, Mississippi and Ken- tucky, which the Tennessee Legislature decided upon at its last session, w e shall have thirty- eight States and ten Territories in the Union-Chief to the Executive mansion on that occasion. DCTAU AIION IH THE 5BW YORK POST OFF1CKThe developments which have just come to light in regard to the New York Post Office, is the universal theme of conversation. The assembled world at Wasb ingtonIsstrickenwiththecatastrophe. Toeamountof defalcation, as 1 learn at the department, is oue hun- dred and fifty fire thousand dollars. Astonishment prevades all circles. One trenchant blow has laid open the insatiable maw of New York politics, and the public eye gazes with a strange fascination on its ci-rion corrup lion. It i s known tnat t i e principal actor in this painrai tragedy, was some little while since Eummonei before the Covcue Investigating Committee. T h e question* p u t to him and the answers were published at the time in theday, h of an important chiracter. Mirauon was at the capital, and there were rumors of a change in theCabinet.Thenewforcedloancausedmuch excitement among the foreign population, though efforts had been made to (juell it by conciliatory propositions. A condneta had left the capital forVera Crux with some four millions in specie. Tiie yellow fever still prevailed at Acapulco, and several Americans had fallen victims to it.By the arrival of the steamship Motes Taylor at this port yesterday morning, we have news from Havana to the 8th inat The news is unimportant The British war steamer Racer arrived at Havanaence of the political abolitionists of the school of Seward; and it told withimmenseeffectatthepolls. Theelection of Pierce by a majority in the Electoral College which has rarely been equalled was the second great conservative wave that rolled over the ocean of public opinion.With the compromise measures of 1850. and the election of General Pierce, which was their emphatic endorsement, the country gladly b e lieved that the slavery question was excluded from politics, and confined to the lield of moralor ten years these T e ron the 4th inst. The Spanish Bank of Havana had and abstract discussion, which is its appropri-little more than a quarter of a century.THE LVSI RRECTIO.V IX SICILY.—Although it is difficult to get at the precise facte of the insur recticnary war in Sicily, owing to the jealousgingerly care the questions were selected, and it may now b e determined that o n e downright hoaeet thrust from Covode wculd have develops1 tbe astounding result! W h y Covode's strange pru- dence? Whence his restraint? What influences closed his lipa? Who stood behind the eoeoee anddecmsif d its line of discounts during the week ending Sth isst $235.36;). The steam ferry boat Ge- nerar Tacon was entirely destroyed by fire on the morning of the 7th instOar correspondent in Buenos Ayres, writing,ate sphere. But the Pierce administration was false to the trust confided to it. and, combining with Douglas, the whole subject was-restored to the political field by the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The first result of this great politicaladdition of scveraJ magnificent vessels to theline, the support afforded by a government precautions of the government, there are rea- prompted what quettion to ask and what repress. Tueselei LS. can aflord to slant for pr.*'•»,>.•*, bejsu** ;u kiibemila, excepting a tmtll psase cl camp foi^rers, are inaependeui of the spoils and vJuaoer. AB4 ea/e- astbirg tor the paltry talwifs of i»biu»-i p!a>js aadMarch 19, informs as that a new revolution hadbeen attempted on the 8th of March, but was mistake was the violent reaction in the popularsons for believing that the insurgent* are gain- ing rather than losing ground. A revolt iuinquiriec load every tongue; ani now the public is search-subsidy, and the completion of a system bypromptlysuppressed.PresidentDerqui,thesuc-mindagainstPierceandthedemocraticpartywhichtheemigrantisconveyedfromhishome Oovode.IM,ashavelightMessieurs,tbeCommittee,foreignmiftfous,maxnerespaleview,oaPrJ^rstisIPRooRE3s.-Themetrooolisrapid-opposhiyfi coalition, Norsk and Soath. _ till But the prevailing bepe among tbe chief i of **«'••"•MODEBXly extending up town. Tailors, grocers and fancy goods dealers are opening stores in Four-gal conventionn o w exists, o r c a n exist,President, elected by tbe Senate, te theodtos^of Pren- dre*, in deraott ef a a election by the Bouse, m tin • * £ vel irose February, when the election returns w:J oe counted in ih-iMccse. to lh« * b of Marco next, wsosie* Ccngreac wili close. . . thMThis is tbs old Ipif waif theory ef the elect;**, &us * * republican* tare, up thesr noses aad say mat BeD a • *»"on thefloor*or £ ? Senate that he Would reor-with the circulation of Helpers book in North I«j»» «bo federal courts was remembered eighth,'wholesale stores; Fifth avenue and politicians, which would give him the ntvautage o.' being QtroHM;preoca*dyesterdayattheShiloh(color-JHttihowsignificanceagainsthim.Helper's renderitimpossibleforthemercenariesiathetheonlywanplacedprominentlybeforethecountryti1•BnrjjTinusfinCongrat-Tkelarif—TheB*m*tmiBiU—ed)chorch,inthiscity.Attheconclusionofthe*»«*»*ofjewotatioaWfmpublimil6dV^A„. Fourteenthstreetwillsoonbefilledwith setvicesac<>Hectk)«wa«takennp,theproceedsof <***** c^bmjr^tn it was road bythe boardingbooses,saloonsandfancyretailstores.WAComoiox, Bay II. tsedroyalpaytosubdueitTheNeapolitanjour- ,twouldbeteelateforthepeopletomaacanyarra&fe- TkeTtrr+rialQun'ioninaPrmMieal OkJr-th*r*:W*M * * * » Browa s attempt to incite a The groat wholesale establishments are rapidly driving thorn oat of Broadway.nals may lis as they choose, but they cannot disguise the fact that Bomba junior is in a bad way. H e lost the only chance that remaiasdfor nominating another ssmtMntc If they cannot Uve Wbrt JgtMit Mr. Brows CatOrogwof Bito f*•** him at Baltimore, they will again adjourn, eoas Orgcmfacfawi ef Hern ttrritarim-mi Usyer the Ormiof extension in New York seems to be: first, farms; second, country seats: third, private city residences; fourth, club-houses; fifth, boarding houses and hotels; sixth, barroomsagain In June it may either do that, or adjMira tine sheUntitled DocumentFor the Isst tares date tbe t vbare beta veryu si nthem havesanctity, and New York is abandoned toits rfcarving almost as great h;0*0" " * • Romanhope for bright skies and vernal weather. which rarely greet us during the anniversary term, that period being proverbially dull, wot and dreary.terest which in former years attached to themseems to have.died out. Even the Garrisonians,whose meetings always attracted large gather-ings,lackedtheirwontedspirit,andhavefallenoffineverythingbutprofanity; andthestrongminded women's meetings, where peopleusual-ly went for amusemesnt, as to a theatre, wereo/eak and watery this year, in all respects,save that nice tiDeture of obscenity which thestrong minded of both sexes are accustomedto m i x with their preambles and resolutions.But in no particular is the decline of the an-niversary spirit more observable than in thethe woful falling off in the receipts; the goldenprops and pillars of many of the societies areshaken almost to their foundation; and if thefundscontinuetofalloffinthisway,theiroccu-pation will very soon be gone. It is alikeremarkable and significant, that the greatest ket"—the market, it appears, being the coast falling off in the treasury is to be found in9,00312,7833,783ACTIVITT OF THE AFRICAN SLAVSslave trade seems to be particularly active at through all the Isthmus S.*«ee forthemab, thethe United States and Pern-Seward and4 a ,4c.five Territories in the Union; but wherever the Japanese on their landing, by the government, further than ifaitsiaem in the name of Houston for these R>urbooi of tbe old line whig and old line Know Nothings, ruiisr.he desires a government for the location veyel to their quarters in carriages under the essort of the 'tpon tbe stomachs ot either old line whtgs or oid be* Kron Nothings.In the course of fiveritories will have also beconje States, and thenthe national flag will display no less than forty-eight stars in the corner. When w e rememberthat during the contest between Jackson andJohn Quincy Adams, in 1824, there were onlytwenty-four States in the Union, we can formsome idea of the rapid growth of the country.It will have doubled the number of States in a HERALD. It must then have been perceived with whatfew hundred insurgents remain to be pursued.And yet we have from another source the state-and place, and that, is functions necessarilyfailing to do it- ceased, and no lethat the Chicago Conveattou may pmJbiy *ep»r*i*de«to (all back upon him. oa the acceptable be*s of a peeer*ing for an honest Covcde to Investigate the Pennsylvaniament that the garrison at Palermo, though the people begin de twee and elect new delegates, if that party Is that they wla oajt the ekctam m»» the »/»••"•numbering twenty thousand men, are afraid to proceed into the interior.Unless the government commanders exhibitmore energy than has as yet been displayed, without making a nomination, thus defea'bg tbe the days of the Bourbon dynasty are numbered. wishes of the democracy and depriving them of theopportunity e f making a n y nomination in properTBADB.—Thedefunct convention had the power to adjourn to \\*> lStbof June, It has the power to adjourn to the very day tbe promotioa of the .Southern righto catiWate * r J ^enoughtogivOratify tbependiif Central•wiUhbes, save resell mtc4• here Bed. aa the third caadtaeAe^wiUewa"*** '^, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 