 Ui<4.pea i«V last tu«in ieni>*7 itod. |di»-of1-ft.re'a ion, my'fni,>or- .are >re,Ofi«*ir >n- *anidfcllonas aa>;/*«?rr bo 10 orwere almostinaudiblefftth6JReporterH'galleryf. MrJB[ALE'(Bep.f W ET.) said he differed with bothnotbe toleratedIna„ T^VP?.*^Government,V t s A i i ? T^f~l •ell the Senator from Virginia •'Now. a word aato our treatment while in WMbinjrfcon. W©aonfc 1npon the Secretary.Special M«p*teh to The N. T. Trftmno-W ASHINGTON, Monday, March 12, 1360. OUR RELATIONS WITH HONDURAS.fare; but the mode of using these powers is left to CoDgress These modes and regulations will be foundreading of the proposition, regarding it a3 insulting to Sickles, Slii;ms, SiDgleton, Smith (V'a.), Sptuner, Stevenson, the 7th Regiment.' Stout, Underwood, Vallandigbam, Vancev Woodson, Wright.-submit that the Senate will not hastily undertake to ex- ercise a power which is not sanctioned by the Consti-same footing with other witnesses who have already appeared before that Committee, andgiven testimony, he having declared his willingness to appear beforeMr. I1ASKIN (A. L., N. Y.) concurred in the viewsexpressed by Mr. Millson, and asked that the resolu-tion attached to the preamble be read. . It provided fora Committee to inquire how ihe $10,000 appropriatedfor the inauguration of the statue were expended.Negatived. •/;Committee would still discharge his duties aB best he Wherm: The honorable member who invited tho Seventh«ber of tbe Select Committee., Agreed to.Mr. MORRILL (Rep., Vt.j, fiom the Committee onWa^s and Means, asked leave to introduce a bill pro- viding for the payment- of outstanding Treasury notes, authorizing a loan, and regulating and fixing the du- ties en imports, and for other purposes. He sjid it was merely proposed to have it printed and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.j :1 on a charge of forging city orders, audjother mal- easance in office.Bank.TJTICA, Mondar7, March-l£; J860. Kr. O. B. BTatleaon, Preeident of the Central Bank in this city, recently removed by the directors of thatiThe resolutions offered on Friday were read, as fol- Our successors of the Senate next year, themselves be-, what authority R. M.Thompson ha ereceived $40,000 £*ed, and a large purabor of ghosts wore invited from differentlows: ing the judges, may think it nececsary to put to death. of their money. These Indians hav 'e always been on parts of the country, witboot any considerable numbers of the bills introduced in the Aesembiy, and wW*t <&&»the most friendly term's with the Un 'itod' States, and members of either Hoiwe being present ©» the oee&sion, appa- down from the Senate, were over eight hundred. Taore Whereat, Tiuiddwia Hyatt IKW failed witiVbotorily t» annwror This Senate not long ago adjudged it was neceeetary to rertly in cor»icquerce of their rot having been advised at the had beenreporied from the Sending CoromUte^H *:id the questions proponniie-d to hixa by order of t.'iw Sttoate, ond-'haa •puDish amanfos libel, and actuaUy. imprisoned him. joined onr forces in the Black-Haw. k war. A few arrangements made by ther jcint Committee herein referred to j placed on general orders over five hundred bills ?p toy•' A • -a r e about seven hundred more Out, paid as fast as they come in.whichwill bethe bar to the Common Jail, and if you establish inthis body such a precedent, it will b« a law in othercitees. JX it were conceded that to this body belongedall the privileges of the House of Parliament, I shouldnot say anything. But it is notoriously untrue thatwe have surh. "The House of Parliament was with-out, written constraint or constitution. Theirwho had committed some crime, but they had no power to send after and claim witnesses. They were obliged to make the best bargain they could to induce them to come, but had no right to com- pel them. This showe there ia no such, power here. In reply to a question from Mr. Doolittle, he said it did not exist in the case of impeachment auy more than in the case of theft. In conclusion, he said: I am aware I am wasting my breath; I suppose you will send this individual to prison, but I wish to wath my bands of it, and I should fail in my duty if L did.not denounce it as an act of despotism not called for by the Constitution in the exigencies of this case.Jtice, /{fggs RftbiriBcm (R. I.), nobtoson (TI?.), Royco, Schwarfz, Elections, roported a resolution fihat Mr; WiHramsoa, fc>OOtt, f cranton, &b^rrot>n, SicWe», .Sonw», i>pluxiei». Btanton,The Howe took up the Albany and Suequchanns. Railroad bill in Committee of the Whole, Mr. EC- SMITH in tbe chair.Mr. SLINSERLANT) ppoke at lernrtSkikrerof the•\•>Mr. CRITTENDEN (S. Am., Ky.) claimed that the Senate had the authority to institute an inquiry and to pioeecute it by the ordinary process of obtainirg the attendance of witnesses. When the witness refuses to attend that is contempt in the real interpretation of the law. The Senate decides to institute an inquiry, and to call witnesses to obtain information, and a citi-Railroad on the 35th paralltl of latitude, and bn'oOystated the re:isons why that State should have a mem- C'ty Clerk, were arrested yesterday and coewnktei to•«nsabjeot is specially assigned for consideration ow r XXXVtm CONGRESS. vwas, in fact, a dea* kilter [Mr. Pessenden'e remarks conv.''ctlWje as an A^coae for evading this duty, shoul^prevented the imputation upo* sold delegation aa contained In tbe folJowine exwaot from Tfw> Commercial .Advtrtuer, of th« CityofNew-York,ofFeb.ZT: •' To reorganize (he Aewflsmeut Bnreatf la $w Totk Ca^tari>eddlertfaK^Toric * * * * £ ^ ~Mr. Curtin, the Bepub'ican candidate for Gov-; ^. <he following vote towering passion, and tbe army officers deeply sympathized with f h t l 5 ° ^ T u w W n v e | e ^presses himself sanguine of stweesa in October.TROOPS FOR THE MBXICA* FRONTIER.us. .PersonalallusionsIwillnotrnaip,buttbeNew-York delu-pnticnhovelostcastewithabody_ofmenwhoaregentlemen intheir feelings and gentlemen by birth, who would have felt acdwould h«.ve deeply appreciated any kindness shown to them; bnt part of a member o i t t o j t o & r t * * * ^ ^ *timated that a careful inquiry will disclose the tbe resolution forming the Committee,' the witness hassanction of the Constitution or precedent. 1 don't stop here, but I point out in this resolution two capital de-fccti>. First, it ia an assumption of judicial power byMr. H A L Easkedwhat lawhad beenviolated.torrnplion. It was the best reading he ever heard. [Laughter.]Mr. BRANCH objected, unless Mr. Cochrane was permitted to explain. i.The CLERK resumed the reading, butMr. MILES (Deni., S. C.)' interrupted, calling theorigin of much corruption so persistently charged Senate to imprison an American citizen without anyMr. CRITTENDEN thought the Senator from Mainehad made this perfectly plain. Certain powers were proposition etuff, clap-trap, and demagogiem.this body without any judicial purpose or intent. Tins An interview was had to-day between the Min- Committee is in itself a tribunal of transcendent ister from Honduras and the Secretary of State, powers, hut without power of pnuiahment; it sits inand negotiations- which were broken some two secret-, like the Inquisition, with power to- denounce be fore the WOTW our fellow-citizens as felons and traitorsyears since are likely to be renewed between the If any such power exiits ur-dor the Conutitution, •Mr. ADRA1N (A. L., N. J.) said Col. Leffert3 had Mr. BAEKSDALE suggested that the House ad- in tile joint rules, etc. The Constitution gives Con- written a latter regretting that censure had been caa journ. Iniquity enough had been committed to-day by'[!.-'."JJ.WP• ,,.zmMMm&wm*8&-:•> ':,3i$l<i*JS&BS^w'•^m^mmss^ssmi^^sss^^^ss wgimmmThnraday nextTHE rENKSYLTAJOA ELECTJ/HT.Mr. TEX EYCK $Rep., N. J.) introduced a bill for a man for life on a m6re point of etfotfette; that ia ihe their conficiem^H agamfit the m ernor of Pennsylvania, is now in t o w , and ex- the more complete oq'aipVwQt of life-saving stations on whole of it. The real answer of Mr. Hyatt is that he ment.been brought here, and the Chairman now calls On theNEW-YORK DAILY tSSBOSE,' TUESDAY, MARCH 13, I860.:•••iff.;&§JIEST SESSION.SF.NA.TE~..WASHINGTON, Marchl2, I860. What the Senate now proposed to do waa to impri6pn becauEemen WJloxmd n v^THE SEVENTH REGIMENT. judicial duties of the Senate, hut simply in H the Senate has a right to make this inquiry, then it Mr. CARTER—There ia no oflense intended hy the the performance of its legislative " duty, has a right to make the inquiry effectual) and must proposition. [Calls of '' Order,'* from the DemocraticMr. Carter of New-York offered a series of re- lias the Senate any power over a disfant citizen which have the means of doing it in the same way that the sid^.]solutions in the House to-day, coinplimeht'.vry to the it has not over an officer of the" Government here ? powers of Congress are enlarged by granting to them • Ms. MILLSON (Dem., Va.) contended that Mr. And if it is in the hahit of treating theae oilieers with all the powers necessary to carry into effect the Sicklea's motion to tuepend the reading of tbe paperand provide for general vaccination in the State. t<?n&ion of the region, tbe Logrslavare accordm/riy Mr. COLVLS'S bill relating to landlord and tenant' resolv«d to extend it to the 2d day of April. The ap-was ordered to a third reading. propriatr.ons o* the oresent session are estimated at an. Mr. HAMMOND introduced a bill the better to exce23 of $5,000,000.7th Regiment, which were partly read, when consideration and respect, I do not see the reason why granted powers by law. Mr. C. argued that the objection was made, aid they were not considered a citizen guilty of no oilence should be treated differ- powers of Congress in thi3 respect were not confined by the Hou?e. Tbey were regarded as highly ently. I think he should be allowed to communicate to the Difctrkt of Columbia, but to all the States, andwhat he may know in snea a way as shall be most in that there was in this no infringement of Sfcafco rights. creditable to Mr. Carter, and as justly due to the barmony with his feelings,, and in which the rights of Tbey were all bound by a common law! and all should•various parties aggrieved. v all citizens may be protected. At all events, if the submit to that haw. / . Senate is disposed %>exercise any such power it shouldwas out of order.Mr. CARTER—The House has heard read for in-formation a charge against one of its members, and— Mr. SICKLES (interrupting) said he refused to yieldprovide for the punishment of frauds by trustees, bank- ers, and other custodians of trust property.At the evening session, the Senato considered bills in Committee of the Whole. Several were ordered to a third reading. Among them were the following:•Hfaval Sntelligence. NORFOLK, Va,, Monday, March 12, 1860.Tho United Stales Steamship Brooklyn, 2£* hour* from New-York, arrived hens to-day Iu costing up to t^c city she ran into a b:irk. carrying away the. uppor mainm;; ^.3 and yards. No damage was sua* ta'ned by the Brooklyn.From Boston.BOSTON, Monday, March 12, I860.Mr. Lanurgan, pyrotechnist, who was injured' soma days ago by an explosion in hia laboratory, died to- dav.Negotiations are progressing favorably for the e x - tension of the Grand Trunk road to Boston^ by a broad, gauge track on tho line of the EaaUjrn Railroad from Portland.Municipal, Election in Maine* B ANGO x Me.j Monday, Mirch 12,18G0.THE HOMKSTKAD BILL.By special assignment' the Hoinentead bill will be considered in the Senate to-morrow, and the House bill will reach that body in season to be actuwi uponhad never known of a day eo unprolitably spent, and (Miv SIMMONS (Rep., R. I.) replied, and submitted he, for one, would not submit to'there* proceedings.ment and other departments of the Canal from the Contracting Board to the Canal Board; To widen and improve Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn; To amend the Militia laws; To amend the act relative to the im- provement of Wostche3ter Creek.not he by virtue of a simple resolution, but ia pursu-ance of a general law which shall ha ye passed bothHouges, and received the approval of the President. I Hyatt be discharged from custody, and placed on thein concurrence with the House, without taking up tution or by reason, and which is obnoxious to ju^t tbenrvo! iintariJy.Progress was reported on the bill to extend York street, Brooklyn, from James street to Fulton. -ft1 -4the bill of Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, reported from the Committee on Public Land?.To ihe Awoci*i*d Ynta.WASHINGTON, Monday, March 12,1860.offer to appear voluntarily was coupled with an im- Senate, in the exercise of legislative, not judicial du- his rights as a citizen—that is, they shall confess" thatASSEMBLY.The Albany and Susquehanna Pailroad bill wascriticism, and, in itself, so vast in its consequences. Mr. PEARCE (Dem., Ind.) said that Mr; Hyatt'sIf j on send thia gentleman to pricon you establish .aprecedent for ail cases hereafter, and declare that the possible condition that the Senate shall recognizeOn motion of Mr. SPINOLA, the Senate adjourned.ties, mav ilruit uuy citizen irom the most distant partthey had no authority to arrest bim- Now this power,postponed till T o'clock this evening.t Mr. JAQUES presented a numerously-signed peti-of the Kcpublic, and compel him to testify, involving although not expressly conferred in the Constitution, An earnest and prooubiy successful effort is making ihe guilt of absent persona, and it may be,-of himself. haw been recognized by the statute law.You will liken yourselves to the Jesuits in the momentof T.r.eir rcont hateful supremacy, when it was said they Mr. DOQLITTLE claimed that the Senate had the wore a sword whose handle was at Rome but whose power under the.Constitution. Even the Senator fromby tits) Government, in .conjunction with the leading -telf-graj/h gent'.ecnen of The country, to insure the proin ot completion of a substantial fine of telegraph ^rona the Mississippi River to San Fraccnco. There are now present in tins cuy, in consultation upon thissubject, Hiram Sibley, e*q., President of the Western Truon Telegraph Co.; Zenas Barnnim esq., President the American Telegraph Co.; I*. K. Walker, en<j.,President- of the New-Tork and Raffalo Co.; T>r. Green. President of the 2»ew-Oileana and Louisville Cc.; Col. Bee, Presid«at of one of the California lines; Judge Se'den of Rochester.; T. S. Faxton, esq., of Uthca; Cyrus W. Field, esq , of [New.York; E/.ra Cornell. e«q., of Itbica, and others.The Homestead bill which pawed the House to-dayprovides that any oerson who 16 the head of a family,or who >»«•* arrived at the. age of 21 years, and in acitizen of the United States, or who shall have filed hisintention to become such a citizen, shall be entitled toenter, free of cost, 160 acrps of public lands upon whichaachpenson m a r have liled a preemption claim, or-vrbicb may, at the time such application is mane, hesubject to preemption, at %) 25 or less per acre; «0atree at $2 50 per acre. No certificate or patent is tob« issued until the expiration of five years from the<?«e f.f er>xry. and on T^vment of $10. R^ht* arc se- and at that time the qutstion was not raised as Lo the have tbe power to summon a witness at all, we have the And w W w s , nai3 regiment visited this city in pursuance of«t»t«a to «he actual settler to issue to heirs and devisees the lauds acquired, which are in no event to become l*itbW for the satisfaction of any debts contracted priorto Thei*?ue of the pa'.ent.W&iium D. Shipman was confirmed by the Senatea*« Lilted States Ihasrict Jud^e for Connecticut, in the place of Jn*?ge Ioger^oll, deceased.Th« T*ritf bill which Jfr. Morrill endeavored to re- port to-day, nnder a sngpenaion of the rules, ia the I*H)« a* rhat brought forward by him last year, but•withB~v-rriu modifications.Mr.Hyatt, in accordance with the order of the Sen-ihe raid at Harper's Ferry, and they all votod for it, duty from which we cannot shrink if we would; If we Col. LKFKEHTS.power of the Senate, nor were the term? of the reso- power under the Constitution, and it is co-ext6neiye tinol* invitation; and -whereas, tho members of said regiment;an associate teacher in the old Phelps Acadeuayat Andover. While nere he continuei his favorite studv, and gave to the publichis two volumes on Chemistry, and Chemical Agricul-{ . ,i.\ *It is not ncccat'ary that the Constitution should give Mj«j;r B. B. Frencli J. J. Coombs, Gr. A. HOI, and ppfCJfie words for everything wo do. According toMr. SIMMONS withdrew his amendment.fttfe, b^1i«eu lodged in jo.iLI » * J S c'cplume have been appointed the dejcga'es ofthe Dietiitx, of Coluxubia to the Chicago Convoutioa. The ca*« of Gen. Cu.h>ai, ex Clerk of the House of Peprerewitrves, cb;irg*-d in several ca«e» with cm- b^zV-sme*;., wan taken up to-day in the Criminal •Coor'.. About 40 wi'neases were called, some of vthona, foi the. United States, did not ansver. Guti. Cuilont v/4» present, wzily for trial, but as the Court preferred I po*tp< nement till next Term, the s^cosd Monday u July wa» imy)eratively fixed as the dayupon wlxin the case »houid be proceeded with.Mr. DA VIS thought- the plea a very, ahallow one, ol soia delegation, except the one who gave the invitation, wa» sbowiu" of the Senator from Massachusetts, certain that when a witne.fH is brought here for a great publi iiflvjaed of it or of any of tho arraucemeuU of the Committee, sopoint was in the most distant part of the globe. Youwill take in your hand a sword hereafter to be clutchedby any partisan majority whose handle will.be in thischamber but who^e point will be in the most distantpart of the Republic. Whatever be my course, I feelMassachusetts Lad admitted there wore live cases where they had the power. There was an instance of an attempt to subvert every department of the Gov- ernment. It was an act of treason, gotten up in Canada with a provisional constitution. Ho had had doubts whether it was necessary for the purpose of legislation. .Saturday, Feb. 38, I860.My DKAR SIR: I telegraphed you yesterday from Washingtonat the request of the Joint Committee of the Senate and House, charged with aarungiug the. inauguration of the statue of Wash- ington oil tho 22d inst. Every ov»e in desirous of the presence of your Hcsiment. ^t is necdleaa to say that not onlv are the cote-The bills relating to the election of Superintendentsof the Poor of Kings, and for openieg East New-York Mayor. The Ropublicans olect a majority of tho City-Mr. H ^ E - L e t me v. , b l i c Government to-day, weresbabbily treated throughout, Ouroftlcers were not decentlythe Senator from Massachusetts* and from Maiye. that we « t V J W » » J ^ v h e oMtoifiDM who eet up received, and the men seemed to have been seat for on a specu- J ^ o 7 l l ^ e y Jd selr^naal reporto.from * •f t hthe coast of Long Island and New-Jersey. Be- isready,andalwayswas,toanswer volnnSarily.'buthot Tberepolution.*^ere adopted!bj , ^ia< &hleT~ E .mferred. uponcompulsion.ButyousnyyouwillnothearUimv»l- YEAS—Mows.Ai^horrr.Bayard, Be«.>>. M„T CoDtMBftlAir. KING (Rep,, N. Y.) presentcrd the petition of nntaiily, bnt apply foice to make him answer, or oiae Blight, Brown, Corne °°:.fi ' ^ » Clay, Cu h. Fitzpa',rick,1the merchants of Jtfew-Yoik, favoring- the establish- yon will eend nim.to the common jaiL- He said there Crittenden, Davh», Do olittle, Foonenderi, Fhs.There will be four thousand troops upon thewill remain in Utah. The President expects the joint resolution, suspending the operation of so much longer term 4han the end of the session. .The Senator Eyck. Thompson, Tiumbull," Wi/daii; andYule£-i4. w . And lohereat, tbe members from New-York did not pay their» o t , FoBfer, Gieen, Or. TM". Ojrin. Hammond*,-*. K i n hovf&Mexican frontier before Jane—only one regiment ment of a steam mail line between Charleston and : was no precedent in the whole country for the itnpria- t«r, Joh»»on (Term.), 3oi*n«J»''(*>*j)) Kennedy, *- ^ifteli Ton Congzeeutvnal Committers." (Here the reading was broken condition of votes being cast for Borne ^herjexwure,Utah work will have to be commenced anew. While of the recent Post-Office Appropriation bill as relates Simmers, Sumner, Toomba, V ^de, and Wileon—10.to the printing of Post-Office blanks nntil the further sion that we inherit all the powers of the British The Senate then went inilo Executivo Session.-lie army remains there, the Mormons will keep action of Congress. Ho said it hud received the unani- House of Lords, or at least aa many of them as are •loumed.. . . . mraJJy frnewn, understood and believed, wore not recognized by Whereat, charge, cf official corruption have > « « * " ^ £ Ad- the Joint Committee of .Congress, or auy of its members, except made by a prominent Republican organ-7 ' » ^ « f S £ ^ h *tbe honorable member of tho Senate who rent bis cud to the acainst the official integrity of a JUw»)ican i ^ ^ l i J ^ S t ' National Hotel a shorttime before the departure of the lteghnent; charges would cot have been made without t'jrfitelent evidence, and. - *-.-f*:.:.". '.*;om1quiet. Disturbances are feared as soon as it leaves."mous consoD* of the Committee. It was read threenecessary. With ail respect, he asked if there was a despotitm on earth which would define its positionIt is feared at the Department that the new con- times and passed.thesa, *a& tbat the Government will either be of the capitol extension. ' . If Louis Napoleon had more than that, be thought he perpetrated on the Menemoneo 1 ndians by designing ed to to do by the Committee of Arrangements; andWJiereat, The New-York delegation could not take any active RTc»dted, That a Committee of five be appoh , ^t ?1 ,B r **t i5a *2 tractors, Moore & Co., will not be able to transport appropriating half a million dollars for the completion sary, and we are to judge of the necessity. sotting forth that the most sham. »ft* frauds had been seeming officious, th^ynot having been eitberinvlted or request- been committed by any Cana!Commissioner of tb « aWo oi x>ew-obliged to do its own transportation, or employ the old contractors, EusBell, Majors & Waddell, toperform the service. ,,THE TEXAS AND MEXICO REPORTS.Mr. MILLER called up th« motion for a- Cnnding brought in. Agreed to, ' we only judge itnecsseary to imprison a man for life. a Select Committee to inquire into k &e subject; and by duii»*g tbe session of CoDgiess. for which $10,000 was appropri- CV-mmiltee of nine, and tUted tbat fbe nwrabor ofThe reports about Texas and Mexico are all not purged huv.jt.it' of the contempt with which ho atuuds The Senator from Maine sayo wo have certain powers years ago they owned nearly »ii the Su \te of Wiscon- end. , . ; . . . ; - ..charged;: therefor*, greatlyexaggeratedfortwopurposes;first,asa'BeitRetained,ThattlseraidTbaddeuaHyatt-bocommitted granted.Whois-tojudge1TheSenate,unlesstheby tb* Sergeant-at-Arnis to the eouomon jail of the District o Supreme Court sends them a Bred Scott decision. The oasis for Presidential capital for Houston, and Colombia, to bo kept in olo«e custody until he. :>h\'il si<oufy hi Senator sajs we have certain powers- graated, and we/willirgnesH to answer the questions propounded to hint by th» are to judge of what is necessary to carry them out. second to influence the action of the Senate and Select Committee of the Senate, and all other lejral and propequestions that may be propounded to hhn by sard Co -nrnittco; Despotism would be the legitimate coneequenco of House in favor of the Treaty and Mr. WigfaH's ap And, for the commitment and detention of tho soid Thadden* such doctrine. He referred to tbe Constitution, wheresin. Bavhig been defrauded ost of thi'^ lands, they Whereat, A member of fiik House has hern cbargod with this time, and one hundred and fiffcy-efgbfc had been.havebeenreducedtoaverysmallreservration. urrtrulhbyoneottbemembersoftfcfaCommitteeofArrange- aciedon;billzbeforetheHonfeunactedpawerewx ment 6, an«I is charged with stating such untruth for the purpose bntdred and fifty, bewdes several to come from theMr. JL.ARRABEE (Ad. Dem., Wis.) de. wed to offe; of political capital for birnaeh*; therefore?,a repolution to amend, so as to call for all the corres- Kevolvtd. That tho Cowmittee eburged with making arracage- Senate; the Legislative Term closes in four weekar pondence on the subject. In the course of hi3 re- Trertf for the inauguration of the Statue ot Wainin^ton, on the tbe Genert?l Appropriation bill, the Canal Ap^ropr*-iZU of February, be and tbey are hereby directed to report to tion bill, & c , all takinr time, have to be acted'cm. Be*- nsarks, he Baid that Mr. Kershaw, who ca me here in this Horse all tho airaneemcnts ancfproccdLags conmrrted with s;ce these, the Albany "and SojEquehannaRailraad; Iberproprialion for T exas volunteers. Republicans will Hyatt, this rexohition stall be a snftic-lent wan-Ant. it says " t h e powers not delegated to the Ifmted Statesnot vote for the latter until the President takes the Hyatt in custody shall bo informed by said Hyatt that ho is ready Be thought that the adoption of the-resolntio n by theoourage.*GKX. JOllNSTOX AND HIS COMMAND.in eustody subject to the rorther order of the Senate. box would reverse their decision and pronounce sen- English parliamentary history, that on a certain occa against the irrepressible logic that breathes in everythere, • expecting to be elected a delegate to the- tived—82 against 112. any vote was had.The bill passed—114 agaioat £6, as foilows: On reassembling in the evening, the resolution to , YEAS—JIPHM. Adrian, Ashley. Babbettr Barr, Ernghanx* create a Grinding Committee was laid oathetcble.Mr. ROBIJvSON moved fax HQeven'ng seaaion on ' Monday next, to consider the bill for the abolition ofcaniUrl punisbmenf. Carried.Mevan. MASON and D WIGHT made attempts tohave the Excise and Prohibitory bills made- er.oocial order?, bfit were not succftntrfal.by Yeas, 113; Nays, CO., Sean, McKnigbt. Mcpherson, Iftillward, Morrill. MVrris /Fa.), Commissioners of the I>and offioe. re2pect ng ifce lease Mr. DAWES, (Rep-, Mass.), from the Committe8on Morse. Niblock, OJin, Pendleton, Perry, Porter. Pottar, Pottla, of W€jt Washington Market. Cirried.?xis command, but is to report in thi3 city. Hisfrontier experience would bo very .valuable in ';Texas. I-HrilF. rOST-OFFICE CFKTJFICATES.All the Post-Office certificate* are paid which have been filed—about two thousand in number. Therethe commitment of a witness to the custody of the despotic power. This individual is entitled to all the Sergeant-at-Arms, the Speaker, before putting the provisions of the Constitution, among which is one. question, volunteered to say to the House that they " that the rights of the people in theirperson38ha.il Hhould pause before they undertook to pass upon a not be violated." Yen, the Senate hue, without any question so material to the liberty of a citizen. That warrant, taken a man from Massachusetts, not accused very question is new before you, sir. Yon are io de- of any crime, and without form of trial, propose toim- cide on the liberty of a citizen, and I shall nut the ques- prison him. He referred to the fact, that tbey were tion to the Chairman of the Committee. Ifc is an un- often obliged to send from one State to another, or precedented faet. When you commit the gontloman at fiom New -Hampshire to Maine for prisonersBiake, Brig;r»r Bufiinfcon, Burcb, B-iwahsm, Campbell, Carey, Carter, CB«*S Johr- Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Cooper, Corwin,THE CORMICK AND RAMSEY CLAIM.contesting the right, of Mr. Sickles to his sett*, be re- quired to serve on Mr. Sickles, within ten days from the passage of this resolution, a particular statement of the ground ©fcontest, and that Mr, Sickles serve his answer on- Mr. Witliamf-on within twenty days thereafter, and that both, within sixty days,.take testi- mony in the manner required by law. The considera- tion of the resolution was postponed till Thursday.Mr. GILMER, fS. Am., N. C.), from the same Com- mittee, nade a minority report, that Mr. Williamson, having failed to comply with parliamentary usages, and not having proceeded with due diligence,. have leave to withdraw his papers.On motion of Mr. DAWES, a resolution • was adopted that Mr. Williamson have leave to occupy a seat in the House pending the contest,, and have leave to speak to the merits of the question.Mr. CARTER (Rep. N. H.) rose to offer a resolu- tion, whenMr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N. X.) said, if it had reference to the Seventh Regiment, the House was ready to reject it ad nauseam.Mr. CARTER hoped his colleague would- save his eloquence till he knew what the ievolution was. Its reading was greeted with laughter. It proposed a Select Committee to inquire whether there waa any violation of the order of the Housa in tho recent alter-Stout, Stratto/i. Tuppan, Thaywr, Tompkijio, Train, Trimple, Valleudi^haru. VBiidover, Van Wyck*, VeJre. Waldron; Walton, Waubbum <Wia.), Waahburne (IU-.), Waahlitirn (Me.), Wells, •Wilson,-.Windom, Woodruff;An attempt is being made by the lobby to revive the old Cormick and Ramsey claim as a DemocraticNAYS—Messrs. Adamu (Ky.). Anderson (Ky ), Aadersoa b'll, and Messrs. BUSH, ffiP. .1OHN-, and CCETCH- (Mis^), Avery, Barksdale, Bocock, Bonbam. Brabson, Branch, MA1S alto evoke in its favor. Messrs. DICKENSON, Bnstow, Bnroott, Clopt.ony Cobb, Garry, Dixvrn (Md.), Davis COONLEY, aad HOLCOMB argued against it. Tbe (Miss.), De Jainette, Edtnundaon, Elheiidge, Caruett. Crartrell, Eoise will probably reoort progiewron the bill to Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Harris (Wd), Hatton, Hill, Hind-power waa so omnipotent that it was facetiously electioneering fund. It proposes to take over one wid they could do everything, but change a man to aand a half millions from the Treasury, as damages woman, or a woman to a man. No such large powers mnder an alleged mail contract which was never are claimed by the Senate. All its powers are specific,and it cannot act in all possible cases. In summoning perfected. The claim has been decided against by a witness to the bar, and culling on him to testify un-the Post-Office Department, the Attorney-General, der pains and penaltits? if you have, the power you•the Fiifct Controller of the Treasury, and by the majority of the Judiciary Committee of the last 'Congress. To gain additional strength for it now, it is proposed by the claimants to distiibute to the lobby all 'over $250,000, for electioneering purpose^. T h e whole amount claimed is about $1,750,000. Here is a margin of a million anu a half. One of the, claimanti is said to be a special pet of thePresident.MILITARY SIGNALS.The Committees on Military Affairs of both Houses have under consideration the adoption of a system of telegraphic signals for the army, by which orders may be transmitted a distance of fiveman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kcitt, L.-vnar, Lfcndrun>-, i^eake, Xove, r^ahory, Manrn (Va ), Maynard, Mc- Queen, McBae, Miles, Millson, Mov>.tgoniery, Moore (Aht.), kelson, Noehj Peyton, YTJ^T, Pugh. Xengan, Rnlfin, Simms, Siugletou. Smith (Va.), Smith (N. C.). Stevenson, Stokes, ?Jn- derwocd. Vance; Webottr, Whit'oley, Woodson, Wright.Mr. HBS'DMAN (Dem., Ark ) presented the resolu-tions of the Arkansas Legislature in favor of a Pacificn hfc, but there appears little prospect of the bill going \* iough.Arrests for JTorsreryt. MIJUVACKKE, Monday, March-12, 18G9,E. L. H. Gardner, City Controller, and lit. Lynch,i to fifteen miles, night or day. As it is not expen- sive, and requires no extra appropriation, the Com- mittees are highly favorable to its adoption.MORE CORRUPTION.The same Committee of the House propose to in- quire into the evils complained of by the Secretary of W a r as attendant upon the present organiza- tion of the Staff of the W a r Department. I t is in-to Col. Lefferti;. saying.that the 7th Regiment wouldbe the principal feature of the inauguaialion of the Hoard, Humphrey, Hutcbin», Junkiu, Kellogg (Mich.), Kellojtg,••«*.'fflT h u:i ,erje on, Chandler, Clay, Cucorruption any offer, pronrise, ora£ee* ^ X l £ 1.we are under obligation to ourselves for any sport wo had, not to vote for any measure forfbref 0»» L e # # ^ ^ « Havana, via Key West. My. King also introduced a onment of a man by such a body as the Senate for a LntlarD, Maeon, Niehofcon, Pcarce,Rice, bebaslianvt. » • Off;'] Mr. CALLICOT introduced a preamble and reeola-.connection with these Indians, did so in dire ot contra- that occa&icn, together with an accoant of tb« mannorin whic3r"Resolved, That whenever tbe otlicer hnvluj» the s*id Thaddema " by, the Constitution, and not prohibited by it to the- vention of the wiehes of the Interior Department. the money appropriated therefor has bsen expanded. Tertonal Liberty bill, the jixei.se Amendment, and biUand willing to answer tbe proper and lesal questior* that may he " State:?, are reserved." This, heolaioaedj was conclu-responsibility of recommending it Tnis he refuses propounded to him by the said Committee, it shall be the duty sive that the Senate had not the power m this case^ Wisconsin Legislature, in one day, by a- flti"icfc Re-Tbe suhjeet was dropped. fco aioJiab capital puniehmort, all certain to elfcit de-Mr. LOVEJOY (Rep., 111.) cabled up the voieby baie. He saw no way to gee along wftnK>ul such a which his motion to reconeider the Homestead bilLwas ' Commjt-tee.of such officer to deliver the told Tb.tuJdeiia Hyatt over to tne He said this individual" stood here to vindicate'the publican vote, looked auspicious.to do, and the Texan Senators and Representatives Sergeant-at-Arms of the Semite, whose duty it'shall be to take birthright of an- American citizen. The Senate might Mr. WASHBURN, in reply to a remark of Miv Lar~ Tfifcrred to the Committee of the Whole on the Svate Mr. CONKLLS'G earnestly opposed the Comnnttee,the »aid Byatt immediately before the Committee before which-are very bitterly denouncing him for his want of he was summoned to appear., for examination, and to hold him imprison him and make bis bolts fast, but the ballot-of the Union. as a sink of corruption and disgrace to all former consulted on the subject, was because lie had goite io The question was carried—106 against 67. Legislatures.rabee's, said that the reason why the latter had not'JeenMr. SUMJNER (Rep., Maes.)—It was mentioned in tence of condemnation, on them. They could not Bland Wisconsin' to attend the Democratic State Caaverjfcion Mr. JORANCEf moved to lay it on the table. Rag*- After a long debate, the House took a recess beforeGen. Johnston does not go to the frontier with won when the House of Commons was about to order freeman's breast against thiB arbiteary exorcise' ofCharleston C<nvention, but be did not succeed-Mr. LAERABEE—That is false, Sir.Mr. WASHBURN—I don't kno w anything about iCMr. LASRABEE—Then you should uvt speak on Crtvode, Cnx, Craig (Mo.), Curtis, T)mlit (Ind.) Dawes, Delano,must and it in the Constitution, not perhaps in the ex-press words, but in the intent and meaning. Thereare three cases where the Senate has this power. Thefirst is in the trial of impeachments; the second is inthe examination of an election, and in the qualificationsof iis members; the third is in judging of the conductof iis members, and punishing them by expul-sion. These three cases are_ judicial in character, zen of our common country refuses obedience to the und also, let me add, judicial in purpose.Beyond these cases which stand upon the expresswords of the Constitution, there are two other caseswhich do not stand in the express letter, but so clearlyon reason and necessity that they may be consideredwithin the intent of the Constitution. First, in a caseof inquiry into an alleged infraction of its privileges; hear of nothing but sympathy for this offender, who and, second, in a case of inquiry into the conduct of refuses /v^edience on no better plea than that, the servants of the Senate, as in the case of its Prin- in his opinion, we have no such • authority. ter. These stand on that just and universal right of That is not the liberty of the American citizen. Obedi- teli'-defense, inherent in all parliamentary bodies; ence to the law is a higher liberty than thi3 wild sort aye, in every individual. Such axe" the live cases in of liberty, when every man takes it on himself to de- which this extraordinary power has been exercised cide, according to his conscience. Of what ought the by the Senate; the first three standing on the letter citizen of thisCountry to be most proud? He ehould of the Constitution, and the last two on the great say, "It is the law of my country,'and nothing but right of self-defense. All five are sanctioned by- " the law is to be obeyed; therefore, I bow to the law. precedent, and all five are judicial in their " Though my conscience and all my feelings are character, and also in puroose and intent. " against it, still it is my duty as a citizen." He It is now proposed to add another, and I find the thought there was no cause for the alarm of the Sen- power which is now sought to enforce this has noMr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) objected^ ? i « „ TM S , * ^ S • Negatived> 105 against 69—not two-thirds,. ' -8titution while absent, publishes a- defense-in TVir S" \ Utica Herald to-day, alfirming that his actioi*aa Pres-sanction in the letter of the Constitution, or in the right of self-defense, or in any precedent of this body, and the Senate may well pause before they take a step which may be fatal to the liberty of a ,citizen. Underator for New-Hampshire, and he thought this individ- ual had no particular claim to sympathy, except it was that sympathy for a man who believed, against thejudgment of the• whole country, that ^ I S conscience WUB right.order.Mr. COCHRANE hoped there would be no in-law on the ground that his"conscience will not permit him to • answer. Can any gentleman justify that ? This man, on the private "understanding of his oon- science,undertakes to Eet up the ground of opposition to the laws of his country, and because. that country, through its proper, tribunal, asserts its just power, weWindom, Woodruff.NAYS.—Messrs. Anderson (Mo.) Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,Barr, Bocock, Bonbam, Branch, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb. John Cochrane, Cox, Craig (Mo.), Crawford, Curry, Davis (Ind.), Davis (Miss.), Dej&mette, Kdmundson, Fonke, Garnett, Gar- trell, Buniilton, Hardeman, Hill, Hindman, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, KeHt, Lamar, Lau- drum, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Martin (O.), Mc- Clernand, McUueen, McBae, Miles, Millson, Moore (Ala-j, Ni-given by the Constitution to promote the public wel- Mr. SICKLES (Dem., N. X.) objected to the further black, Noell, Pendleton, Pryor, Puf?h,Ilea/ian, Ruflin, Scott,gress power to pass all necessary laws to cany out the on the Congressional Committee. . the passage of- the Homestead bill. .powers granted. He did not think the cooperation of Mr. COCBRAKE remarked that the reading On motion of Mr. TAPPAN (Eep.,N. H.) the Senate both branches necessary in a case like this. The Sen- of the preamble was offonsGive to common sense ana bill was passed refunding $140 paid into the Patent ate was not to ask the other branch to concedo by law decency, and to himself, but so- far as he was con- Cilice bv a crazy man.he power of making a witness ans wer. This waa a cr-med, be hoped it would be read to the extent the Mr. STANTON (Pep., Ohio) from the Military Com-power of its own. Each body has summoned wit- dignity of the House would pernpit. The time would mittee, reported a bill authorizing the State to sell at cratfc ticket was elected.two countries. say boldly it belongs to the other branch of Govern- nesBes. This has been the practice; and of course all come when Mr. Carter would regret he had in- •auction the Western Military Asylum at Harrodaburg,ment, who, having power to impeach, may institute an •he rest follows. If the Senate has a right to insti- troduced itBRANCH -MINT IN NEW-YORK. inquiry. The Constitution of Maryland provides thas '. ute inquiries, it has a right to pursue them. If a wit- Mr. SICKLES said the 7tb Regiment were satisfied' ApropositiontobuDdabranchMintinNew- herdelegatedmayinquireintocomplaints,grievances, nessrefusestoanswerinaCourt,heiscalledonto withthedistmgnisbedreceptiontheymet'here. Theyarid offences as a grand inciueet, and may commit any excuse himself;, and was it ever heard of that a wit- did not come hither for champagne and oysters, beingKentucky. The bill passed. Adjourned. Medical CrractataSes.., PHILADELPHIA, Monday, March 12, JSS0.NEW-YORKLEGKLATUBE.rTheJeilersonMedicalCollegecommencementtook: p ace today. One hundred and seventy students jfi-idnated, including one hundred and twenty-six fromYork for $200,000, has been made to the Secretary pereon for crime,1>utI doubt if the Senate of that State ness fhonld undertake to go back to the original causeof the Treasury, a much less sum than it was esti- would undertake tc txercise so transcendent a power of action, and eay, " This man has no right to sue iu 1'ou assume to inquire into an alleged crime, no matte-: this case; he has DO foundation for a suit at all"? mated the work could be done for by Philadelphia when committed or what its nature, whether treason, In this case the witness has turned upon UR, and in-murder, or riot. I may be peculiarly sensitive, but 1parties. stead of answering for. the apparent neglect of theTHE PACIFIC TELEGRAPH. cannot forget, as a citizen of Massachusetts, her own summons he had received, he says, "You had no bill of rights, prepared by Jbhu Adams, which express- "right to make this inquiry, and you had no right toable to get them at home.Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.) maintained that the debatewas not in order, pending the motion to suspend the rules. He wanted this objection to stand.Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) said the House shouldnot tolerate the reading, as the attempt to get such aSENATE....ALBANY, March 12,1860. There was but a very slight attendance, and the pro-ceedings were void of general interest.Eemonstrances acramet the Pro-Eata bill were pre-sented by Messrs. WILLIAMS and MA'G-RAW. ThebiJi authorizing the appointment of Canal Ap- praisers in all the counties in the State through which any canal passes, was reported for the consideration ofthe Senate.Bills on general orders wereconsideredin Committeeof the Whole, and several ordered to a third reading. Among them were bills to amend the act organizing,the Southern States.Municipal' Election at Belfast, JOfe. BELFAST, Me., Monday, March.12, i860.At the municipal election in this city to-day, Richard Moody, Dem., was chosen Mayor by 29 majority. Ti.e election waa on strict party groirads. Last yetur the Republicans had a majority of 200.•TIte Virginia I^egx^Sature. RICHMOND, Monday, M~.rch 12; I860.paper into The Globe was a fraud upon the rules. Cyrus W. Field and other Telegraphic specula- ly announces that judicial powers must be severed " summon me," and now it is expected that we would He'was called to order by the SPEAKER.tors are here urging the passage of the Paei'ic ii-om legislative, and the legislative powers kept sepa- make a soit of implied apology and direct him# to be rate from the judicial, that it may be a government of discharged. I suppose it is possible a man might be Telegrapb bill. The presence of these Atlantic laws and not of men. In the second place, I have a eo bewildered by his conscience as to disregard the Telegraph operators throws suspicion upon the broader ground of objection—that it provides for the constituted authorities and disobey the law; but if examination of witnesses, and now invokes the com- this, can be justified, any offense that can be Pacific bill, and wili have a tendency to kiU it. pulsory process, not in the- performance of the committed might be justified on the same ground.as a substitute for Mr. Mason's resolutions, tbat Mr.Einaliy, the further reading was dispensed with.MJ cannot go wrong when I lean to the side of Liberty.Bat suppose you feel you have this power, to call witnesses to take their testimony, but after ries of Vv Hshingtbn and tbe members of the two Houses solicit-avenue, were reported favorably.Tb> oil! to amend the Juvenile Delinquent Society act, /by prohibiting Sunday amusements in New-York, was passed.Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the vote onthe ground that the bill had never been considered inCommittee of the Whole, and would bear with tyran-nical severity upon the habits of one hundred and fiftythought and attention he was satisfied there were oi's, but the i'reaiderJt and his Cabinet; and not least are nil is it expedient io use • it on this occasion ? Nfw-Ybikers urgent that you should be the chief feature ef the It may be well to have the strength of a giait, but it is cases where it waR necessary, as in the occasion to ibe honor of our State and city. If the appropriation tyranny to u«e it like a giant. For myself, I confess a case of fraud in the Revenue laws, &c. bad been Miiriciaut, the Committer) would have defrayed, your If it is necessary in certain cases to call witnesses, it traveling expenses. As it is, they will provide you vrithprincelyleeJiug of gratitude to the witness who, having noth- quarters while in Washington. Lot mo hoar from you at ing ho desires to conceal, but anxious only for the belongs to Congress to judge of that necessity pre- vour earliest convenience, and if yon determine to como, lot me liberties of all, that they **hall not suffer through him, cisely" as a court in iis capacity ia ca'led to judge know the probablb number of men, when you may he expected,place this afternoon at 3 o'clock from the Church of thethough weak in body and en'eebled by disease, ven- tures to brave the prison with which you menace him,whether it is necessary for a witness to come intocourt.' And it is for each branch of Congress to iudgeby what conveyance, &.c, that I may have the. proper arrance- meutsmBileforyou. My opinion is that yon should not surfer this occasion to puss unimproved, nor any other that identifiesments in New-York, which was rapidly taking the He graduated at Amherst College iu 183-1. During worst features of Continental cities. He read fromand thrust forth his J«rm as a bolt to arrest an unauthor- for itself when that teatimony shall be eubmitted to it. your unrivaled regiment with the nation and its pride, and givesthe advertisements in, The N. Y. Herald to show the his College life, he made tho material sciences his spec- character of thc.ee Sunday amusementp. ial study. He had designed entering upon ihe minisized and arbitrary proceeding.Mr. FKSSENDEN (Kep., Me.) referred to the origi-It IKa question of fact, not of law; a question of dis- you the chief place among the volunteers of the country. I tolllight to inquire whether any persons outside ofthis transition aided it by counsel or money. the witness should be discharged.the lanau»g« of the invitation, "not least, are all New-Yorkers nrgpr.t that you should he tbe cbieffeaturo of tbe occasion, to the honor of our Mtatft and City." This language o' cours* included all thei Nfcw-l'ork deleK&tion in tbe House, and yet no memberpowers^were given, and so far as it is necessary to usepurpose, he should say that his conscience is too tende lar ns has been rscertainod: andWhereat, '1he members of »aid Itesiment, believing that theyto tell the truth. If the Senate should think proper to were invited at tho eaiuekt solicitation of the members of thisBrooklyn. By Mr. N. SMITH, to punish, frauds a mock auctiom.A number of bills were introduced, few of which if any* stand a chance of being acted upon this session' Among them were the following:Amherft College,.a text book ou Geology. Tkese'four volumes, and several lectures and paiaphlete,ott educa- tional subjects, constitute his published woiW,»Constitution gave certain i>owera,powers which were necessary to carry out the powers specially ^ranted. If they could not, the ConstitutionPaseenger,Parcels, 'passenger and invalids from the V. S,roa^ arrived last •»-«?««» evening.A f i i c a i ^ d t «*4.««wwand Alsoroad. ,To incorporate the New-York and Package Carrymg Company.Walke, from St. Paul de Loanda, Africa, 46 davs x^Lthem here that they need entertain ho fears about Bervilo insur- rection ; tbat the Seventh Keghnent alone can quell it, should it arise and their assistance be required. Please direct to nio inwith the Constitution. There is no limit putupon it. though bavin* cood reason/to anticipate a warm and cordial re-cretion, aDd no appeal to sympathy on tbe oi:o bund,Messrs. MILLER and CONKLING- further criticised try, and commenced and completed the ThoologiwiT.or ary.tbrcats of bringirg down public indignation onexcitement, when insinuations were made iu the pa- the other, should deter or drive any Senator from the full.at Washington, Wiiiard's HoteL 1 am truly yours,nal resolution; said it was offered at a time of generalpers' that the Republican party was part and parcel of performance of duty, not the tithe of a hair. It is a (Signed) JOHN COCHkANE.the provisions of the bill, which they denounced as op- pressive. They advocated the motion to recousiderthe vote. •';.'•*.Mr. JAQUES replied, deprecating the desecration of the Sabbath, now so prevalent in New*York.' The motion to reconsider was lost.Course at Andover, Maes,But ho soon after bocamalution very strictly scrutinized. Having no doubt of the general power of the Senate, he had voted for it. Rut now the qnestion 5Hraised, in the first place, whether ihe Senate has povrer to make the inquiry; and sec-The bill to authorize the Supervisors of Puchmond. ture. He then assumed the chair of materia* science* County to pay damages caused by the destruction ofQuarantine, was-pasaed. Also to incorporate the Ger- andmathemaUc^inMarieuaCoUege^hicv * W t h «inau Liederkraax Society of New-York. , College he came to Brooklyn, about twelve years a«xBills introduced: By .Mr* G0YE8, to ^provide for taking the same Profeesorslup in the BrooUyu'I'emaltt tbe pavroent of the judgments recorded by the membersof tne "New-York oldr Police Force; to prevent unli- Acadamy. Here ho i-evif ed his Chemistry, and ?osuedcensed attorneys from practising in the courts of New a valuable work on Natural Philosophv. Eight yearnYork; to authorize the Mayor and Common Council or" ago, he erected two large edifices in" Montague street New-York to regulate the sale of liquor in the city. Brooklyn, and opened in them the? Brooklyn Hi~bteBvMr.'H. SMITH, to authorize tho snle of tho wholeor part of the;Now'-YOrk and Erie Railroad to tho At- Seminary. He since added a third. This -ttwtitate lantic and Great Western Railroad Company. By Mr. bears a very high reputation. In this last period h«CALLICOTT, to tax the pedlers of New-York* and Tssued, in connection with the late ProX. Ad»ma ofception, in tacecttdaucu with the teruib of their invitation, were, for some cause, disappointed, wid expwsed muoh dissatisfaction ft? o. . , ^r< O 0 tt h e members of mMd regiment, as citizens of -tho State of New-York, expected to receive some atteutlou irom tl»o*e in whose ,1 ? m e ) a u d by whose authority they were ondly whether it has the power to compel the witness which of necessityjinnst exist, and is exercised by every »i«rteo, beiug toW, in the words of the invitation, that "tbay io teetify. He did not think the resolution wfts void State Legislature: He stated frankly that all his the Committed);can't do without you: you will be the princi-bv going beyond the judicial capacity of the Senate. doubts had been removed, and for one He should insis'- p a l feature ot ihis {treat occnson;!' and . They had a right to inquire into the facts, though on the exercise of this power by the Senate. If the HA/.r<TM, They were ur^ed to come at the solicitation of thewitness should say he cannot conscientiously give hie GoteiieBof\Wbnud.on'' the " Members of the two Houses he bad gome doubt as to whether th«y had a testimony, then he could not conscientiously say tha'. of Cougresu," ihe '• President and his Cabinet;" and again, inHe had given this subject his earnest and careful atten- tion, and had arrived at tbe conclusion and was satis- fied that this power of calling witnesses is a "powerwithdraw tbe power f/om the Select Committee toM-nd for persona and papers, he (Davie) as one of thatHouse from New-York, had |good reason to feel themselves nogreeted by snid members; anu, id,Ke»imeiit from N<w-York, at tbe solicitation of all the Depart- could. " » ments ol the National Government at Washington, except the Mr. MASON biiefly urged the importance of adopt- Judiciary, van loft alone to entertain the birjge number com- other ing the resolutions. Every man who could give in- prising said Steftiment.to invito tbuift to the Presirfent's house on IIMday of their departure, when he wade &spooch in which formation WUHbound by duty to his country to do so, he might have informed tho ltegimoct why the otUer raerabern and the idea that man can set up their conscientious ot tht, New-Yojk Uoiegatioa vroro wti orcijeat, and thus haveThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069To authorize the sale of the New-York and ErieRailroad to the Atlantic and Great Western Rail- The U. S. rtorc-ship Supply, Cbmmuiider HenrrUntitled DocumentMr. HOUSTON wanted to make a m.Oo;on.The SPEAKER—Do it.Mr. HOUSTON—I demand the Teas and Nays.I object to taking up the time of the House by the read-ing of such slanderous stuff.Tho Governor's MeeEa^e, showing that the firauciaL the State Lunatic Asylum at Uticaj and to encourage' exigencies o* the Commonwealth require afurthor ex-G o v o r nthe floor to his collea one.Mr. UNDERWOOD (Dem., Ga.) remarked that he To transfer the patronage of the Engineer's Depart-The document in full was read as follows:Whereas, Tho following iuvitution waa given to the Seventh ReKiiueut of citizen uol<!i«;rn of the City of New-Y ork:To Col, I<&FyisKT8: The Committee in charge of the inaugura-tion of the.Wivebirgton atatuo on tho 22d inst., are nrgent for theattendance of youi Eegiment. Tbey cun't do without you. tion for protection against unsafe buildings.Yon will be tbe principal feature of this great occasion. You The majority of too Committee reported against in- will do konor to youriselve3 and your country. Don't fail to creasing the dutie» on salt. The report was laid on couie. You will have free quarters here. • I will write you more tho table.fully. ISignodJ. JOHN COCHRANE,Coleman's Eutaw House, Baltimore.Igaiah Stetson, Republ'can, was this day chosen Council.BIDDEFORD, Me, Monday, March 12. 1860. Jonathan Tuck, Democrat, was elected M%yor of this place to day. The Republicans have a majority irV e new Council.—The late Prof. AIODZO Gray, whose funeral take*thousand people of the City of New-York.Mr. JACQUES spoke against the reconsideration, Pilgrims (Rev. Dr. Storrs) was born in Tovrashend,urging the great and growing evil of Sunday amuse- Vt., in 1808, and was therefore aboat 52 yeare of age„ Inl ion. home of tbe established ob&rgei were as follows: white-thread gloves, fifty cents; p»ataloojisbrBf>bed,fityoeots; overy- CrimmiPFiouen» of Jurors. k-n »„n«lfft-thb* tling else in proportion. The reaident New-Yorkers were in a M B b Cfrom Maine, like many others, labors under the delu- frAYS^Mfsm; Bingham, »*?on, Wade,, Hamlfcv . TM M » , respects to the members of the Itesiment, the latter, as it is gen- tion setting forth that ^ . „ <„^^i»HOUSE OF BEPRE SENTATIVES. "'.•."Mr. BRIGHT (I>e»., Ind.) gave notice of a bill mots strictly. We have all the powers neces- Mr. WASHBURN (Rep., Wi e.> offered a preamble,- part in the reception or entertainment of the. Iteguuent without and report whether any and what corruption ini<,ffi9*a*ac^vfn*frwould bo willing to give it up. The Houoe of Lords men, reducing them to utter destiti ition; and asking for Whereas, The strange spectacle was preeente<2 to the world of Mr. MASON (Dem„ Ta.) moved that Mr. Hyatt be had power to fine, imprison and put to death. To-day the national inaugxwntion of a statue oftb« Father of his CountryYork between January 1,1K53, ind January 1, I860.-.Laid on the tab'e. . \->' . .,Daeil, fiujiri, jEdgerton, Eliot, English, Kenton,. l'*rry, Florence,Foster. Kouhe, Krans, French, C'oocb, Gr-ham, Crow, GurAvy, ,Hale, 'Haskin, lielmick, Hickman, Hoard, Hohnan, Howtrd, Humphrev. Eutcbine. Junkiu, Kello^jr (Mich.), Kellogg (IU.), Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabeo, lisach (Mich.), Le<i,Lpjran, Loomis, pend the rules for the introduction of the resolution, Lovcj^y, Mruilay, MarHton, Mattin (Oh;o), McClernand, M<>-the subject. * Mr. WASHBURN—I believe, however., tbe gentle-man was a candidate there, but did not succeed..After further pioceedings, the House refused to sus-ation of the furniture of this hall. If so, by whom.; at YE AS—Messrs. Adrian, Aldrich, Anderson (Ky.), Aihley,ident has been perfectly honorable and for'thebfst inJttrests of the institution, and sharping ifiat Mrs. ^.anton, a New-Y ork director, atbempted ttr-compol him (ITatteson) to purchase a certain amount of etockr and that his removal from the Presidency w i ^ in con- sequence of hie-refusal to purchase'tlrnt atoclc. Mr- Matteson further ailirras tbat. he dooa not ewe too bank a dollar. The statement mc.de exhibits a VCT^ extraordinary process- of banking, aad if corrsttly set*forth exonerates Mr. M&tteaon.• Siiow-Storasi at tins West., ROCHKSTER, Monday, March 12, 1850.Snow has fallen since 5, this morning, and it.is now shout ten inches deep, and still falling. - The- wind in. blowing a gale.*» —— 2>eatb of a n X"ngii%etM%EASTON-^ Pa., Monday, March 12, I860. Mr. RStchey, an engineer on the New-Jersey i5entrat Road, was instantly killed this morning, a train run- ning over him. He was a single man, highly esteemed^ and considered one of the best engineers- on. the road.He was well known in New-York.Connecticut Town £teetiois#~ WESTFIELD, Gt., Monday, March 12,18(59.what cost, &c. The House refused to suspend the rules for its reception. ,Mr. CARTER sent up another resolution, first quot-ing by way of preamble, Mr. John Coshi-ane's let-.erBabbett, Bingham, Blake, Briggs, Bristow, Buffint/ui, Bum- hum, Burroughs, Campbell, Carey, Carte.', Case. Colfax, Conk- ling. Corwin, Ccvodo, Curtis. Davis (Md.), Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgertou. Elliot, Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Flor- ence, Fosttr, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gnoch, Grow, Gurley, Bale, Ball, Harris (bid ) , Maskin, Hatton. Helmick, Hickman,'(111..), Killinger, Leach (Mich.), Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallo. statue of Washington; that they would do honor to ry, Marston, Maynard, McKean, M.cKnight, Mcf'herson, Mill- themselves and the country, and haYe fre-3 and orineely ward, Montgomery, Moorbead. Morrill, Morris, (Penn.), Morse,quarters, &c. [Ijuughter.j Nr-.lson, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottlo, Rice, Rigg», Robin- Mr. BRANCH (JUem., N. C.) rose to a point of son, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sherman, Smith (N. C), Somes, Stanton, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, TompWnu- Train. Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, ve^-ree, Waldron' Wal- ton, Washburn (Wis.), Washburne (UL), Washburn (Me.),T» tenuire montilr reportafrom the h evr-York Qot-Mr. CCKKLrNG moved for fdlinfermation from the ;rAt the Town election here to-day, the whole Demct-*- www.fultonhistory.comnm 