 'of ibe Atlantic, the venders of news- principalconsequence having Indulged freely In drink. Suspicion rested upon Margaret MrHugb. who also boarded at the same place, as she; r-.'iMlTin BH litailililiitWl'AjhatenYetterdty morateg, at T Mkek, I aaai OSaer*etk be eaJRaf ((toWdMht'fc».bodyScott,allegad, waa mnfdaredcomplalaedtb*yHa rcwi mm of fke petttltioBa pmentad Iha I.«glalBtu«, tad eeamtoiaA upon Um «dm. WIHl*b*wooldBotcenran Ai fiiaBtttan k* Bott -i~"^ npon Um ii\|iutlc« of [tkeKsUnadtt* Aiiit In tlia duk. ThethoCourt—the curae of the law— Juit aad on the unjust, tlie wicked andnponfor tbe Oirooer's and arrival,;rtsoll of tee Saslury Sorvey will not tana aday.atSA.M " Lettei. abooM b* BWk*dk Ik*wen Bot known to team.the female relaUves of conrlcted men—their wives, sitlon as whin firstliving nncerground, tbe sanltaty coulltioa of tbe er eoDlain 17 acrea, making tbeabout M7 acres. Tbe estimated ent vahie>-«r'-New-Tofk.. .Ba*TO -ws^ii*::::::ma3!fi«<ltton«—become proetltnteadiscovered. Tbe qoestioa is. Why has not the case been sooner attendee to ?builtilngs and their appurtenances, and other things oPfarIhke same Is •l,000,t;00. The Committepeiealso lecom-Oeeaa Steaaen. naauaora.riba«Mbatj^)|>liii|lim by proof. He ItotldswaraoiBit^ tt>> BnUraidi u an oldtheir daughters, their sisters;__4|W,k*tw«aBpri*nto«aiarpriae and public power, wmt tamtti te th« tiM tanafita aaenred to the City •lAWata of Naw-Toik by Oia RaUroads offrom necessity. This Is no surmise. Tbe wardens, hour yesterday afternoon. Coroner Sobisicbb was no- authontlea and magistrates to cooperate with tbe offi- the boundartea a. dealgnated on tbe map prepared New-York tbe chaplains of our priaona, know this. They know tified and proceeded to iaveatigate the causes of Mrs. cers of the City Inspector's Departrnent in brlBging to In TnoMA. W. FlUB, £aq. Tbia will nontatn iJ) Europ*.,. under what cloud these people rest—they know by Scott's decease. Dr. GBOaai B. Bounm made a pott jDs'lce tboee who violate tb* wdinaace., with regard acres, US acre* of which are permanently devaoctreda Jobs Bell•^ Dutoa to tke great benefits said tolo the Ihrowlog af garbage and the accumulation of to the Ceaaetery of tbe Evengrcen^ 48 Edtobsrgh....^tffttUkifta«4«r««k>tt*nllfa*da, be deelarad them to be «Hti«(f*r«dI price for erery rod of land they ob-what temptatioDslbey are beset—and they kitow how noTltm examination of the body and discovered cora- to tbe fiiib In the sueeU, th* abeveliagaway of saow fromReservoir— ibe land to be Africa making**^^" ....{eb. l.-.JJeir-Tork....BIUS mBOSUdS.To amend the act designating holidays..Tas. Mclntyre, a boarder at No. 93 Lewis-street, had4484stolenfromhimontbe7thinsLwhilehe was insensible In toocroupas dropsy, once considered a disease, is now recog- nized as a symptom of some disease of the internal viscera. Croup was a symptom of obstruction of the respIralioD, and could be produced by many diseases, as scarlatina, diphtheria, acute non-specific inSamma-BZLPIK BOUK,"grain.Schr. D. B. Warner. Carroto. Charleston 5 da., wIfcfScottontoHcCreadr.MottACo.Schr. Bee, Vothew, Lclpsic, Del., 1 da., with eon t»To amend the Code of Procedure.^a relation to tbe Marine Court of the City of New- leak.To amend the Revised Statutes in relation to alien- atli by deed.To amend the Revised Statutes In relation to courts keU by Justices of the Peace.To incorporate the Brooklyn Medical and Surgical SastltBte.To change the stie of the Poor-house In Cattarau-grn* Cooaty.To amend the Revised Statutes In relation to thetaaan of real property.Tachaage the time of electing the Recorder andCUy Jadga of the City of New-York. Ujftunttl.Oar Albanr Coirespondeat. vsntnoR or cxim—chclaihxd DrriDisDS— SmCH B THT BIXATS BT MS. LAWBEKCX—IrelgbtB.ti.Iox.Schr. Edwin, Gordon, Newbem,lau"year in andcertain.AniCALS—CAOfiu aamwcbakactix,etc. Aiun,Friday,Jan.20,16<S0.Church and Worth Streets, with theirand dens of infamy, were once the fashionable (/uar- tirrgofourrespectedancestors. Yetsuchisthefact, but having pasted through a trantitlon state. Worth- street, from West todisease, as he had stated the previous evening, for various reasons, ameng which was the fact tbat he had seen ^c<-n this diphtheritic membrane in various localities of tlie t>ody. under the scab of an impetigin- ous pustule on tbefxposed muscles of tbe leg, 4c.at a liiieral discount. Singlecopiessentbymall,prepaid,onre-d.^.. *lt>- cotton to master.Schr. Waapoasa, Morris, Leipsic, DeL, lda„ vilbeoeato B. N. Fox. , ^ ._... Schr. Elisabeth Headier. CatocarC, JacksoaviUe.aUmolatT'hT^*the convict togood behavior, EMAmm.M.a ciaease shonld what these are. ^aytlie t>c!-t thiiics produced Collins, from New-York, brought Into*• aformationXef.'tulL"' give. The Si,te ro„Coronera' laqaeata.but was now inclined to thiuK that it »as diphtliereil atanyrateiiotsuchoroupbill, twotbe Ezecntive leams all that is "puted, seveial respectable gentlemenbrought„ ^, «„ Corinthian—ship, from New Orlrana fcr ABtw«r».lat.I^egtelatinre. irkatwaythemw^Vfeiber aroDglyurgedupoaWtBtfeaa*oe*iItyofataorongb orTan,>AJBUBo*'' *f Pardons.weuld not be a^sin employed. It acted like a eharm,Isecond, te build ap rniaKes all «Mtlh> State ; third, to enhance the value of land Vfeinfar isada ran. He denied the statement, that ^(H^ata be earrled short distances at the same aala per Bfle|u long. The experience of rtw, lake a^eaaaltransportatias,aswell:aaofalllandcon- noTcs otbenrlM. s^te can of way trains M« MMom fall, and always empty half the dia- Of tbe traiaa tietween Rochester andtwiHtUrds an throagh trains, all of ous cSbrts of Senator SruoLA in suoport of a provi-dccrsied was of dissolute and that her In favor of tbe land bounded Talrd-itreet, very habits, glectthemramanytimeaaatherearedaysinatwelfth porred byFeb U....H«v.Tort Feh.l» .-.Hew-Tork.. reb.31....Bostaa'MMCWfttkrtrack;Injuries bad been received by frequent falls while un- Flfih-aveLue, SLitn-street and Fonrttt- avenue as aAsia. ricaan Canada.tmftMM,carry •ne.thhd more cars than any way- Thlafmrru tkat wa^-fialni cannot be nin aa iraaarangh trains. Itiaalleged thattheca-MM diiMved of tbeir legitimate traffic by tbe rail- wm/u. 'B* daaled aa a principle, that the State baa aavBM* rIgM than an Indlridaal, wben It comes in napettUoB with IndlTldTi&la In trade. Mr. ThompsO!! ^tmiti fte rast benefits of the railroads to the com- ama of the Bute, and set ia a striking light the evU fiaaMetisgasd crippling them in the managementidiotic and tbe insane.Little reverence have the Senate of the Slate forbly-dressed woman, who bad evidently just died, wasstreet-cleaning will be resumed. ACADEBITOF MEDICINE.acrosstbeEastRiver,andisinfullv|awofRidgewoodPark. Thecostofthislandwillbeaboatt2S,-OOU. This report was adopted. Tbe plan, nawbareAragoJaa.Sl .Havre.—TliIs add resa was considered eflec- •••. AtItoeloaatheCommitteeadjourned.SENATE.AuAJrr, Friday, Jan. 20.Petitknia were presented for a Prohibitorysary Information to a complete understanding of the ShlpaBeaaUng, Liverpool, :Valoa^^tt Ikrir boslnea.for the extension of the\Chenango Ca- ; te amend the laws concerning protests, ahd forUfaer lawalAa nUef of Albany Coimty landholders.Co.; E. Cnihiog, Dixon, Arroya, Sagua la Oiade. iBgala c Caraian Psirtbor<i,D.B De Wolff.:Taaaar,Arc*.;Bebecqa, Maniaa^ ^^—AMt; nlatlTa to the aal« of baled bay, and relatire days to the country deprives itselfKing and Siowey arrested, in Church-street, two ne- groes,areforeign bodies,ligature, has shown that metallic su-water in24hours, or nearly 50 per cent, in excen of•» eatUag ice on the Hudson mver.Ula were introduced to enlarge the powers of— District-Attorneycreated quite a fluttering recently EncycU>padia,butitdoesnotshowmuchthatwould wuapltkbedoovfefr.conts,thaaltsowesrteatteidedtohpatIn abbunidles,toalnedn hehadarrivedattbepresentmethod,whichheoffers peculiarfacultieswithImpunity. Mennotedfortoelr•wrtaafOyer and Terminer, and for the establiah-amongt af a Board of Pardons aofRichmondCountytoraisemoneybytaxforSteamer Westcbestor, toIsaacOdell.;lafitef the uniformed militia of that County Itemelaimed deposits in Savings' Banks, and > the Revised Statutes relative to DunishmentsTke bill to compel the attendance of witnesses be- Are Committees of the Common Councils of cities vai nad a third time and The House thenpassed.Interest you, and nothing of consequence to anybody. The marked feature was the universally expressedTbey they twenty-eight shawls, and a lot of coats from two stores In Chambers-street, but could not tell the nimi-as a substitute for all ligatures, and after repeated trials upon the Inferior aiUmals, and latterly on sev-pugilistic propensities, when before a com- arraignedSteamer Ospiey, Kenner, Providence, wUb Isaac Odell.Steamer Patapsco, Layfleld. with Portlaad,and paasengera to H. B. Crow well It Co. Ship JoLaonca, (Brem.,) Voa Trusea,JBaij a>d Susquehanna Railroad.Aa attempt was made by Mr. Fowau to have recon-going,flourished,practicethoughtit ratherpro--mitting magistrate to answer some charge preferred for violence, have generally waived an examinatloo and given bail for tbelr appearance at a higher Court when wanted. There these cases have generally ter- minated. ButMr.mclo-drama of " The Discomfited Woodman ^isiiiJ the vote which refutes to create a select Com Tbe Tables Turned." Casube, in tills, has the diffi-running an Impossibility.whom were com- they—BITBTHXaiA usPBtVALXHCX.**Mee ca pmhifaitloB of Ilqaors,butthe House refused, ad taereaaed the number of the Excise Committee, tif adding thereto Messrs. MiBoa and Coax, friends of IwklMtiw.Tke Ull authorizing a doable railroad track In Biaoklyn and part of Queens County, was reported favorably. Also,thebillforrebuildingthelockonthecult role of the Honett and Scrupulous Politician, Some think him not up to "a high moral ground," butUrig George Downes. (of C-lHis.) JamlesoB, -GianC Turk. T. i.. Jan. 7. with aait to Metcail b Danean.Biig Prentiss Hobba. (cf Boston,) Eaton. CardeoaslO-^Oaaida Lake CanaL Fobsteamship Atlanhc, abaction of a City railroad in New-York, and also of a yesterday, at 2 o'clock P. M., for Asplnwall, withand consultations. seen none pf it.[AdTertisemeot.] CASEirS M. CLAY'S SPEECH.Schr. Plandume Brown. Savannah* da., vita cottoK^ <Mr. TGcxaa gave notice of another bill for the con."kill to amend the Metropolitan Police Law.sixCbite occurring in one bouse In a family in excellent speech Frankfort, Ky.Schr. Lane, (Br.,) Halsey, Fslmonto. JiaiBwiu luni, sugar, ke., to A. B. Solonoo. Badaaa*^ heavy weather. 9th Inst., tat. 2i 2C. loa 30 14, Tliri-"-aS 1 a Danish brig, workii.g thiooKh tce Gulf. ——By Mr. Savaoi Bill to exempt senring machinesftoat levy and sale under execution. BOig FASSID.^.^ Schr. Maryland, (ol I'erto Ambov.) cachcart, lAg«^a2 BLACK BIAHONDS. Dec. %, withlogwood to master Has experiesced vecv jTo alter the Commissioners' map of Brooklyn by line, left at the same hour, with less than 200 pas-certain sengers, chiefly in the steerage. On accotint of the•oa of railroads in clttes. To authorize the share- krtlera of the Lockport Gas Company to reduce the aaaifear of Directors.Niblu's Garden last evening, he frit a twitch at fhe ot Potash as a remedial as he agent,thoughtthatnotheavy weather, stove bulwarks and lost deck load.Schr. Sea Bird Smith, Wllmin^toD, N. C.,4da., wlMlS^^hi out aof a street. Tocaught a man standing behind bim trying to pick his wben in fact it was simply the result of nature. Tnat pocket. The delinquent, who Is about 60 v ears of In the greater number of cases it was a mild disease,age, was tAken Inio custody and locked op. He gave and irould get well of itselfBIAUOKBS. By Eoward A. Pollard, of Virginia.legalizedolags of tile Charleston Congregational Society ofg partXima. To amend the act relative to tbe construc- to a great extent, avail themselves of private enter-naval atf res to Jonas Sa lib * Co.Scnr. King Fisher, Caldwell, Baltimore Ucorn to matter.Schr. Senator, Weeks, Havana 14 with da.,-5 "OwayIke edieera apeak only when they are spoken evcafog a the Sullivan-street church. Tbe--Tke Ifstem cannot be Improved by the proposed akaag*.Bat the provision which authorizes Juages to dls- rlminate in passing sentences—which ab<^shes ailkaad periods of punishments forw*soaadgoad. Asitisnow,the^1* HaeMeed trarglar or thief can be made to incur theof bottles are now usedthe Cidted States for children teething, with never-•«vlctbeCer'"ff;'"'y-''^'«"'»"l^» makes full timeby seme light goods coming In contact with a debt and aiiiiual installments on tbe principal had seen several cases of tins disease, and gis thereof,and leather foremast and bowaprit- ?^J"i,#»aeept when ll'^JZ ""nth.and ^ aapirationof llS^te" l'''""='^"«'>light, and was eztlogul^bed witha few iiails ofwaMr ilir support ut the Alin5bou>e Department, the Hoard Eractice,pave Ilie history of them. He thought It[AeTerUaeBant.J—Central Park Skate EsfPORicx.to sail J an. •" Irom Jersev for London Eb^uiBonlh,andIs""?*'*one days diminution of histo suit.'kales everybody.English bags, shinny euclts,•.badfrom,HAGE- St-BVIY.City Hall,passion.,fattenbut continuance InTHE AN.tFAL "sle,:ve Biiiersbsll receive lenvaluaOleentiue<j' vJ)*:Home.—An^C",!- bark Essex, Bay,.flmprl«»Hne„t" ,itr- ». . ,tor twe„l\eipenees3i6. 192 ».'•of the rnemlicrH. He mklit thought great lightCoker, At'°a'? Rio Grande. Dec. 9. "^n Tv,i VorktnSds.: GazeUe, one; achrA.-M^.y'ajule?necessary,_,„,.« «>««.«» ">einsured in the>I Kilucatlon, Courts, ic rilyilel'^y-sirantjc gentlemen dispensa- ries bid even seen none ol It, that toe local ciianic-;offodaysfor^'^r-"' Gso. '^ » "°"»"'»^ were made by Hon.Deduct estimated Increase of tlieAtCuracoa, Jao t, brig Wilson, for New-York .Inn.°' "'^ ''"'^Corpo- applicable to City Government—skates juetA lot of fine'ntbers =s before--1 ,, lorinfueaw>«IB» f^:-> "pajgjgof«l*a«f t«D day. per momr;rom\?r ""d Messrs. Diib, Vak Msbtie and WAurosD, of taisCoroliiitteeDr. llvsLOP bad seen an unusual amount of thrortt•at keemih* lawyers »•*ea*d ftoo.and.fromltarth.r than this-givw pa«portloa of their earnings. Th- T"^Haix,and much eathusiasm ex-S,7!>i,0«0 00 dlsearcs, but none which be recognizuci as Ji^ilit'iertil.CASnrtlieatent]Holloway'b Ointment—To Mothers.—^This "Z-I^iV.-X'Un. 3. brigOr.«Hi..»f--. Do«iitr Ask any prison fc but one answer that he canrecent mutiny.or Ipuis"'••luftat for which It-yp*d kabiUments. It takes from the wife, or lbsof Uiis fuhject was madeoftbe <r>HE INEBIIIATES' FINKSt'in"uX will hold pulilic meetings at tbelrItpiomolesgreater wrong.A!.iIiIjPreeint. madetfr.lUcuABSDowiBO, fe Superintendent ofconsequence of toe sinktog of a ferryother and piuilshesK.of Sanitary InapecUon, and during the protracted illness"~T"lf.irther considerationthe special order of Du«ii««« ;he,o<^«« 'neeung.tioat which ran lUrlford. has lUst re- WSOOIBTT S4Cl.a«-n-ovionoithrMtwith bolt ir, or tbe daughter, the support whichlorA rcx.lutiop frr>m tlie I "•ncil- Uar.sferring $200between'reclamation».oT^''*"'«°<=«-weresung,of ir, but macMe'l only-TJJJJOv^ brig Jotn Datler. to^t^";/^-^,-*"|'I'r-.lii;,)„«.A<lJ(tl.,n;U.:«c<,r, rLo*.- T»I«1men I'he dlseo^t-w hetoer over toe whole body *Lose or ears.[Advttrtisei&fnL'lHiRRiHO's Patent Champion Pire-Proof Safes,No. 251 Broadway, corner of Murray-street, oppositeVo"rk"/o:''gi.-rfjBu"ri?n\n.J« AtP'.rtoPIatie,Jan.8,, '"^,"«=-Kcv.Dr.ScuDDiEwilldeliverhisclosinglecture at the Cooper InsUtute on Monday evening, and tieatl-;T,.,.Kli,n. .....nTa,,-. T«x.*-. *.»2_-'-^l 3_»5_^-I.M«ji *w,.i.jo«, .-,.:.j.U.IIof it seventeen years ago. and lir. UtL«Fn:>-"resentments, teachc, nri crime. s-ZWIFK-MDKBKB—ALLEGED NEOLICI OF COBOSEB OAMBLI.i.>lr goldto B. B. JENNY, at ine desk"mmieK Ne*Ji^i2^=Ewould have ' """"lpreparation'"^"withinayearorON ^8 ISTBand bar and till Puli'-ereturn to theHartford and' East covered l,2(^ 31, aad co«t£. fromka?a kiaadat]*a4QNBtaraaik«aB^i«i tka~ Ifceauehre*. MaaatMem9d«t«1*bBT*«a<tinb*|e Mt ta lb* MBMIIirai)BSOOKI.VW'UJummcm.i •am their Urlar-ifie. were«.if....t^.v» ..e(4.^a__ „It eaa be called. Bat .ft* reellalsT Could tbey and not feel aelf«OMletodf . Popular o(>lnioo eicladesOie relattvei of Meoa ftaaa tb*reqatreo (a FortT-aftb-.trset, dire below ElevfaibrBvemie, to held aa Inqneat aaoa thawouldof Mra.werelMa( legUlatanlia%Bii*.bargeHontb and 8oatb«« EasathrKaaliiatby Ka«tltarB«w*B.bytaoeietygood, and pbinlar oplnloa is atroog and potent.*•Greets, to-day,By dirvottoo o( OOeer be, there 1* ne aoeaaalattaa •! Uh** aad garbage. arle* DouglaM-.tiect,WaiblaglaD-avenue totbethe law cuts off f^oeo all hope of escape the just uponand such waa the excitementIt will notI>onglas»4treelexperience would be a bitter reproaoh to the Govern- ment that locks up the resources of a hoosehold, and makes n« provision for ita support.....Feb.to do iniachlef, and for that period serves the Sute wellby a large proportion of the members." The season " of -Ubany Is not yet a very bril-Bcedles, like tbe ordinary hair-lip needles, and ofda., with mdMi. to Udcapbo Wolf.Bark Venua. Atklnaon, Curaeoa Jan. 4, with alt,skina.kc,toBooncn,Graves*Co. TheVeaaawa* taioed at vnraoia from DecS to Jan. 41aTbe times seem yet to have effect upon the social movements of the first families. Entertain-any simplyWixaiovr has overhauled all of the complaints, some of which run back as far as lastliant one.PETTY SWINDLING.and their consists application"eiB was out of place among the audience. Te the stage be seems to have a preemptive (tndt his suc-a I do cess on tbe Syracuse boards) right,— rightfelt that so inimitable an actor as "our friendCao-'^ -JVoux verrons—Cagoxe CITY INTELLIGENCE.witr to Walsh. ds.. sugar,^c.I believe be is. see.we shall LEO.Common Council fur the Committee.Carverfc Cbaae. IBrem..) SachtmsBD. Porto Plaits Jan.8,withmahoganyandtobaccsto Gelpeka,KsotnaCalifornia.—TheCapt. PiEKSosf, of tbe North Atlantic Company, leftabout 700 passengers for California, among whom were the New-Granadlan Minister, General Hs&xan, and family, and Judge Deaot, of Oregon. The steamer .Vorrlk Star, Capt. Jonzs, of the VanderbiltIrregularity of tbe California mails, the merchants', d... wltkaugar aaAprise for transmitting their correspondence, and the vaiions express lines, and Mr. KxNroff, each find profitable employment in carrying letters, several tbousards of which went out by the .<t(laaf>c. Besides these, about ten tons ofnewspapers were among the (&sttrie came of Georue Wells, and, it is alleeed. Is well known to tbe Police under the alias of "Shenie."the besclt or intoxication.could beno differential-fapeis bavipg adopted the old line as the only suretion,a-dema and glotiials,bytraumaticInflammationN. 4C, da., withmode of rtlnv their " wares forward ge perishable" Inseason. Notwithstanding the vigilance of the police »bo have been sperially cetailedto protect strangers agaliiSt swindlers, about one bundled and fifty Uck- eiB were sold by outsice offices, at an advance of Iroin ttn lo twenty uoliars upon the rates current at t!ie steamship offices. Ond victim lost nearly three hun- dred dollars.from iDhaiaUons of steam,secretly left tbe bouse just previous to the discovery haps tfom direct wounds. Diphtheria deposits Itsnaval atores to Jonas SiDltb k Co.Schr. Ella Cannon, Brown, Leipsic, S ds.,witb eon t»B.N, Fox.Schr. J. Fender, Jr., Ellingsworth. Smyrna 1 da.,with corn to B. A. Fox.Scbr. Ellen Baker, Sdltaaas, Newbem. N. C, 4 da..with cavAi stores,Schr. C. J. WsisoD. Divla. Kewbem, N. C, 4 da.^ lalthnavHl stores to Jonas 8iotth & Co.Schr. i^vellce. Williams, Uilford, Del., a ds_ withcom toB.S- Fox.Schr. Emily, Smith, Charleetoo, 8. C, 4 da., wttbnaval stores and cotton to u. C. Murrav.Schr. M. H Banks, Wiiletta, Crystal Elver, FIa.,nds.. with cedar to master. _ Scbr. Northern Light, Carroll, Wllmingtoa, K. C.,* ds.. with naval stoiea and cotton u McCready, MotkOF THE Lgwis Massios.—The lo- Hall,to any distinction In the character ot the efluslon.In answer to various Inquiries^ Dr. Jaoobi stated that he thought that the disease-^aa not so rare as might be supposed by many stating tbat they bad seentills most interesting tnxik.SiuoLiTiOKcalities below the Park and around the City— jewels in their way blackwhere the ancient Knickertwckerslong since been removed to make room for theITS AilOUNT COVPARED WITH THAT OF LAST noi e in theirdiamonds.'"—KtvyYork Nact," Sketches amooget the most Catholic, and tolerantand genial we ever bad occasion to peruse. Toepro- gress of improvement, but until recently, the resi-WOOD SAYS ABOUT IT.dences of theheroes haveLevyfor 1860, as it hasfinally passedintellectionby merely,had good spared. threeRevolutionary the fortune to bemostly Within two or; but also by heart*Co. Schr.Sabine,Day.days one of these, and not tbe leastmansion in which Gen. Liwrs for aded, In Leonard-street, between Church and Broad- way—hasbeendemolished atthestembiddingoftheawaiting the signature of the Mayor, amounts in theever-onwaru-marcnlng Genius of Trade. It Is diffi-theyhadforgottenit whilediscussingthewritingsofof the Sabbath school of the Methodist Churcbjftbe second of the series.) was hold lasthe had not seen Mr. Dbi.ava.x, who,the existence cf this disease, diphtherite, had tieen dis-invasica to exit of the eriU'd, from th" theNo. 41 Ann-st., aad No. 440 Broadway.of the pure andand In the bow«ver moddy they mayThe OverIaB« MaU Ibr CblUhnla tsar**•very ak • A. M. MoBday aad TbMllaj.of theright: Matilda. Hcrriam, Pairaboro. D. R. De WoIffT jtbeholy.Andwas obliged to place aa officer In charge of the piemUea where the eilme waaThe lauer document will b* wot to thethence aortberlyia a line parallelml St. Joaeph."Departare of Oeea,a Mt9^" Part of the stolen desire togohence,"—leaveofabsencebeingasked bers.—where The method propoeed was by means of long slendersaysasked of the— kRelcbalt \the noteworthy—tbe warm, liiklndling recoilectluns of boyhtKK] audda. ,vllb lam-long period resi-passed bypbvsicians were ignorant of their own writingB, for Itto G. Boardman.ber ._..,.;which consists of about 150being present, who paid about «300 for tickets. It U the Tax Levy as it ishadheie an array of symptoms, fully and clearly des-Jan lat, 27 69. poo). 9,school, arranged upon raised ieata In the rear part of the church. The house was fiUed in every part, nearly eight hundred personsaocesblon.hands into the City's long pocket, Levybecame law,themoneygetdisease, they had presented not isolated cases, but, in the aggregate, many hundreds.«.to expend this amount in Saobatlifch<H.!loomofthechurch,nownearlycom-IfIt wanted the bard, bounding pulse, while ft—tlfUff <^ aarvi IHaiamorr—M. Star, at WaterforO. Arrwtd/rom FArrived from HavannaJl—Ub. Rhine, at leetwooa^ Amtfd /rom CAorfeAioa—5ih, Tamerlane, at Us*»-isbardeoed, desperate p eied. Rccltaiions and music the childrenby occu-at Liversool. 4ib, Congress, l.~specific ofieneea,werp MorLingStar,atdo.:t;th,V»ndall».atdo.iP'.fJ"'?''LondonCutbSaick.Tliis unrivaled Sauce,:. (diainantindocent. No one pretends that this is righu Almost costume worn a century ago. The dialogues aad Beduct estimated Income from fees ofM.noo 00seemed to somewhat resemble an epidemic New-England years ago,"^Me'm.—The bark Nlcbolaa from Ne*-0**<fci Curwen,•"ry Governor has recommended modifications, but •• have been heeded. The system, as it existed »~TM«ge. Is the of^JJwaiKi^i^l^^^jg,^^ provisions of thisbUl.singing convulsed ine audience with laughter, to-County ofliccrehalf toe price.IL'8.001 Jl It due to the gentlemen who brwught forward so rainy Tbk "Rxd Kaxgxr this Afternoon and Albert, fiom Savannah. , k.^.-• 'system to-day.about 7X o'clock, a Sre occurred in the00 full).tlrsciiibed and strouKly-marked «ases, called EvEniNO.—The "Red Ranger." w-liich has proved so At Naiaau, N. P.. Jan. 11. ahlp Loch Lamar.^The iNiBBiATg'sof the Inebriate's Friendration,it hull not been Dressed more ter»of uponthe atton-received. skate Also,aod llaguoa.Dec.ZS,was held lastwell-behaved, "h'e 'i,^ """«« *" "« ing in the Hall No. IM ChathatB-street. Addresses .\dd toiMiokss'j-aiie. on the ar*-, &c-. &c.*iMoua and e^'ort^-L":, tn-Societyeven-. . . . r.To be raided by taxation '.....uovtr luB.st s on taxes Total....ftcm!« eili-i'ed bv districlini; the City, and apiwlnllu^ aCONOVER & WALKER, No. 293 Broadway.City. Songs hibited.aiCAl-ITUUTIOB. iDc, B,,.Dr.WrxisTEahadseenagreatamountnot think it a new disease. liiso.^'n child had toothrash, crucKediaof tbe history of tbe British Empire India,with thetilrM 0.,,. .,t,;5S0j <-j,i:,,„ ,^1^ fj.-i;i.-^-, 1.,en.Dr. lIcTcBi.tst.B. of Brooklvn. h.ad seen^^ij— .Fu'f 'n-»\i„'EJ.-^or ador. -TIIK gCFP06EDCapt.' CociTZB, of the Twenty-second'<^ .^foiluwing yesterdayDeputj-Supeiiataiulent morning, relative to the delay iatie Ferry C-jm-ham-st.,on SCnDAYtndto fnrtlier interci-f the pcWIc to ttclrpupils,which calledthey diphtlicriteMilliona.Ion. UArn'i-ed from -Vetx--f>rie«n5—3d, LoailawaTjwasand when expendedevery of The svroptoms, while resembling croup and scarla- falling success. Relief is immediategether making an exceedinglyFirnc IM Blekckie-steit.—Last evening, at Add to cover losses on taxesshow wIqUow and of the fancy goods store. No. U4s lllcecker-slreet, oc-$3jSl^iob APPROPRIATIONS BY TlIK COMMON COLNCIL.»«V"^—Losn about tiSU "'"='' Company.Urooklyu Insurance adjourned meetingt5,MS,3J-J36wi.cn tome and at someHall Up!Acadian, "i-r"^pleasbig entertainment.To be raised Totalby taxationioi631,958~SSIAS-toaier,;Quackxbbusb.byEpiscopalsubjectBrooklyn, andor,betore Justicemitted for examination. Tbey gave their names as James Johnson and John Wilson.havetbat hebable that it was overlooked, supposed to be some other disease, and in mild eases passed by unnoticed. He was the more Incbned to this opinion from tbe fact tbat tlie children of one of our most intelligentThe hai noticed yeaterday, by Senator Fikko,Vamlding lor the organisation of a Board of Pardons,amalBtndaoadln the Seaate this morning. It hasa^a* good, some very bad provlalona, I class as bad met at the headquarters last evening, Mr. E. Diu- The Tax Levy was given into the bands of tbe that it had been In use since 1814, aod he-.irwith any responsibility. Inoperations, or careful dietetic treatment.LONG Jaa. a>. aaaaet—No lBWai«4NMi BRANCB,,I uponoffice, he expressly pro-regardsmoney expended upon_ lUllWlAMfrom Demerara for New- Havea.Jan. »-Arr. bark *na» —.».„I to theExecutive, convicts worthy of be-tials of and the delegates,of theEaglet, (pr . Sid. mh, au would forth tbat there was a new dis- 42 Fifth-avenue. At all other hours pri- viue, tDrBavaaaah, (not ltoatg«ni«ry. )organiza- were exclud- ed by vote of a majority of the members. Two delegations presented themwlve* from the Sixth rfadaflytatareoaiae, they would be constantly em- and Seventeenth' Wards, and a protest was re- BwIA QpUcatloas—indeed, their whole time ceived against the legality of the election in the in hearing applicants. There Eleventh. The Representatives from the Sixth,here berose inthefearthatit andthat Jagoforpardon. Thepracticehadbeen:t.l eATBTTY's IIBDICATXO PAPBB,Charleston. Below—BarkThia la all The nature tion of the Committee. wrong. veryuntil the budget is signed by the Mayor, that the lat-ter would immediately ratify or reject it. The Mayor,however, said yesterday that the document was one various members of the Academy said that they provided requitethrir conneetloa with tha convicts forbids thatvate hospital, where every comfort of domestic life is importantBy Telacraaia.AMdd^hCTestedbegetoftoomuch tobe of Importance dispooed summarily;reeeelaInalght. WindU«bt8.W.-f vaatherdav. |,-»|be ikvotltlsm, and that wouldheaded by Owia W.Buskah,were admittedmayand to official certificates from the PiuasiaBveasela in alght. Shipover tbe Bar at 1:15 ;wall at4,Bnd at Atlantic, for do. at«:l» P. M.;r1dliaatisiactlon. Tbe'to theiras were also theProbably It vould not be advertised for so long a Urae as someIn etlsarachthebest. WhenGov.Moxoxaseats,delegate, from thethe duties of bislany officer of a prison from signing an appli-the the street-cleaning,aalte in such requests. when anKow, applicationaaadetoGov.Hdeouiforthereleajeofuprisoner,and does, ask the officersprison questions,"vera to which inform him of the habits and of tke convict while under their charge. In; Jaus Kki.lt. Treasurer. The Comrailtee re- solvedloattend FrankP.Duua'sforthcominglec-tliem. He had no under the Charter to powerIsland. .„ ,present systemEleventh Ward, headed by Wv. E. DoaviA, and tbecontesting delegate, from the Seventeenth Ward,headed by TaovAs Linxx. Tbe Committee thea or-eanized by electing Dakul D. Coiiov.a, PresidentH. T. Clavzlahs anil Jas. CusBraa, Jiu, Secretariesdisease. To-night he bears that croup is not a dis-for officersBroadwayfast being transformed into a thoroughfare of marbleappropriations«d*.,M|k . Milford, 0«l..ld...fl^Vpalaces.Rkpcblican Ciktbal COMHITTXI.—This bodyEdward H. Dixon. M. D., Editor of theattends exclusively to operative surgery, and the more, WIKD-Sanrise, N. W.; aunaet 8. W.Balled. SteaiaahlsB Atlantic and Korth Star, tir*''*t^ i» which organixea the Inspectors, Warden, niu> Smith acting as chairman pnrrnii. Tbe busi- and Physician of a prison, as a Board to ness of the session was tbe consideration of creden-In the Department that has and m various localities.charge of the Street-cleaning, which cannot go on Dr. Rxisx hoped that the discussion would not stop hours from 8 to 9 A. M.. I to 3, and 7 to 9 P. M., at No. Bai k Fredk. Demlng. tor Para. Briga Oltve. <andis aperfection Reportersture in a body, and adjourned.Baiiuatu SciiooL Anhivebsaey.—An eiliibitionwUl be wltoout it. For la convealeat sale,andMaryGlover,fromNaw-Orleanfc , ^BrakoBt *e. rAlbatroes—ship. Weeks, tram New-Ortoaaalaf Htar-Chaibam-square, isDr. IICBUABB badin one family, of which he gave a minute description, and recognized It as a disease distinct from croup.•i^^^HNii^fWMg^Mg"mMJ <i«Hn AM l(cCaAaaD>toCaraeerOaaiiifthae**'to aottly blaVoxOoiAnaanMiff-'iiHiFdtur in a PAaani Oafeaa^Aa ad- of their datta*. B* told Ihea that if tbey j*arB*d BeeMac air tbe Park C**iaia*loaera wa* bald weald be dlMbargod, and l*et «»l1afc -wbaa Ihe 8p*eial Sob-Committee on Park, mhmitied a fioal report. Tb«y reaommaadfor !*«« •^FnaptM Park," with tbe foUowtagbooad-ia«iag^rado tlathi.aenUBie lU-earaiaB,SenatorE.A.LAwaxHcx,oftheFirstDistrict,maie theFerryCompanysh«uldstationanightwatchmanEdlabars-Dlybtherlte,PreraleBeeajid Scarlet tatloBof the contractors of the Water'Works—Messrs,WxiLXB t Co.—the Mayor, Aldermen, and a numberat the dock, to protect the lives of passengers. De- a set speech in Committee of the Whole. It was about ceased was about 30 years of age. The remains willaad DIITereBce trmmt FoTcr Bare Tbraat.tbe Governor's Message and tbe Republican Party— be kept at the Bellevue Hospital two days to awaitCroaptbeMetropolitanPoliceandtheRepublicanParty— identification J*a>Rxan,latelyaresidentatNo.Hiuia'B book and the Republican Party—the Regis- 40« Water-street, disappeared on 'Tbnndav moru'ng,of prominent citizens visited tbe pumping apparatna Theregularsemi-monthlymeetingoftheNew- atEastNew-Yorkyesterday,toexaminethepompthat conceived and the voice that uttered it haveotherwise been forgotten. The irreverent say thatsembledpartaken of, and remarka weie made by Mayor Pow- Bix, Mr. Wxixxs, Alderman Dattob, Mr. Gilbmt, and othera, the tenor of which was entire satisfacttob with the portion of the works examined. The con-now in shall operationTkvanhl* Teporti were made on the bills author-MacCauBly Clerks to enter satisfactions of judg-aati in oertam eases relative to the.dirision of politicians about election time. The Senate gives three len from their estsbllshraent. Yeeterday, Officers ofwith the lal>ors of thetigued Monday sight.day, adjourned- Uharies»o*,y. B. Baaia-"Webster, Bwineti,over to Give a day to freedom," say thewho. It 1.r^ her husband oa the night pnvloaa. Oa ealllag >t•be CorODer*. bona*, lb* doai*i4io told lb* oOeer that Coroner »akbu waa la bad.of>>"ttat he wa* want-. Aiun, Pridir, in. ao. Even the par* and good ahun tbe families of the *e?d.'f'o?r!tlhiwSi?t'ih at "t"bJe" wapJoyer SUtloe- Tb* City laapector'B amraal report, which will etiy line on MoBl«ao«iT-.to*et, tbeace Kutbwerterly aigned for it abwaU b* aaikaiTweaty-aeeoad WanJtte Pio-B>ta Commhtee, tcvday, Hr. prallatt* aad the ooaTiotad—making no die- honre. to ollleiate in ease of mnnlcr. 8b* delivered be sent lo the Coamoa Oooaeil next Moo- la artraigbtllaetalhe iBieneeltOD of tbe city Una LcTahlae."l (Ka.)*•: Aonbtuatin Mra. gDreaaWtBDSd'eal raopfortvaolfoabtlhe* ,«fPa^hkeep*i«. ipoka oa bahalfofthe erlBlaattoas, no dlstiaottona.,faTllbsealsUeenteneethoaf thermeeIsnsangehoaunrdarnedpoartheadlft.hatItwhaettCeodreaoilerdawyouilndvabien dinalyo,rrwoaMdIoncraMtonfthb-ebtrlcoetk,Tboeotwhe*anvenEuieg.htThiarnd,d vllle, eOivierStalatadLaMkaeOCaithye,mlaatv.eJ8a«.a Jthence easter- whom has fallen the penalty of the unjust. It doe* the minds of the other tenants of the bouse la oo-ise- Is bot Intended to b«, a reliable census of the Innaol- ly along Douglasa-streel to Watfil ngton-avenue, tbeaod quenre of the eorpse not been reitwved, tnat taaUof Ibe City, bnttiirlll famish Interesting statis-cumnilttrdnothing to make them hope—It throws out no buoy riotous havingdemonstrations were to he feared. Tbe re- Ibatniaybe,\;exitingIdComnion'CouBcllnFxtTiiuraday.cepended uponupon which tbey may float la nine cases out of ten mslns of ('eceased lie on the In the saw^ nnmlers crowded together in tenement hnuses, those of Flatbaab-avenne and the Reacrveta-, wUeh togeth-yet floor. pi-whole area of toeof tbe robbery. Margaret wasIn Brooklyn, and Justice Stbxes, before whom s^iewas taken, held her pending an investigation of the matter.CITY GOVERNMENT.THE TAX LEVY.TEAR—WHAT HATOK;The Taxboth Bocrds of the Common Council, and is nownegroly, intimately knows it notthat of last year, and, if the allowance thissympatoelic he Is in his delineations, we will let a lewtoKonhardtbCo.Scbr. Anna T. Rupeil, Hodgea, Norfolk, with oom fcryear, which was not made last year, is deducted. It is lesswas fully described in Old UirozBirooD's book, butcclfee,Ac,, , . .. .rlo5e of that fresh yearw-ere called forandmadetoprovidefor"contingencies." There Is no reason tn anticipate that it will be otherwisequarters, especiallyShipsFidelia tor UrerpoolCotnaMa, far\that It would be advertised Immediately in extenMO, La order that the public might see the figures, and that he desired that all who had any fault to find with them, should come forward and state itonly a new baptizing of an old disease, in thesame|A«lliaiUMMl.lr. X. GBAX7, ARCHITECT, BO. 56 WALL-STRUT., N.T.;B1GBI.ANB8, Jan. a). sunaet-No toward-jMaa% ;other documents. Asstreets had not been cleaner last year than they were nowwithallthe thatbadbeenpations, Government.,., ii__wrf.««.on thebe understood, was unwell since his (Mayor Woon's)r"..D!v»«had i:Isappeared since that lime tillhu* now was nfe. veryot 11, tbe nist of which he lip.d -uppo^ed to oe croup,York 800D.(&1 KiwARD.-LOST. n•s.«1.M »r>av thefnuitn seeu. case he hudTberewere to plenty waitingJan. 13 lat. 33 IS.Fred Howell-schr., atrg. E. N. E., Jan. 14,aIyesterday apprehended"nocsuuias » thi AinxBtT—pbitatx thi- cult now to conceive that the adjacent districts. by over $6C0,0C0. It must be borae in mind, how- EazTTOXAf, of France. He considered it a general I vol. 12me.. cloth. Beautifully printed, "5 cents. Schr. H. W. Godfrey, Weeka. Wilmington, N. C„squalor, filth,ever, that the estimates of last year did not carry the Government through to 1600, and that towards theOrCersshouldbesentInearly supplied ;their the Tax a wouldbe laIs afitting up the new ArPBOPBIATIONS BYiTHE DOAED OF Sl;PERVISOR.S, croup.a brief veryperiod.followingsummaryOnly 2S cents a bottle. rArtrcrtiseroeat.)a:..said it-rThe :Foreign Porta. [PXR CtnCASSlAB.)For County purposes. Including the State taxes,manufactured by Paiixi« Baoruciui, L^indon. can be discharge from the note, wantina in croup. It seemed this A. C. PABxaa, atof thepied eVfci.inj,., .-md. In one act, a company of abaut support Metropolitan Police suidbuildioiraQew to dider abo from the sore throat of sc^iriatlna, obtained of their ascnt In City,aa gnater panalty than the young and comparatively twenty of the pupils appeared dressed in the ouauit Court-house on tbe north side of the Park $3,60S,1»'JB 69 Ihouph itIvery ever there, is to tie repeated wreckolanlpRedwood. Bark.,ntino T...,-.-Y,lliruo'»j;ZT7SJ5 CITY INSPECTOR'S OFFICE., several cases'? J Vm a 3,1 av. c»r, New-Tcrk,BMOTAL OF ABI1E8 AND GAi BIPOBT AND SANITARY; as bunas m the habit ofNew-York.The owner of a horse which wan drowned ina prol.ini.h5ory note, oneliuuoLt, aod i'" -lollars^^Jfj nieni''TM^r«bov«cf Mr. DllATAB, Acting City inspector, informs ustbey ahou.'d hclduig tr.e inquest on the body of Mrs. S«orT, wii« bat not a sisgle complaint wi th regard to ashes and adjotuncil ^pyih !' M.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069P.irfe, In the.iiakaaBMBwww.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentfScalpel, thought obscuie diseases of tbe pelvic viscera. Rupture, tum are cured without the knife or ligature. OfficeWh«te ttay .!»?•}mmpart of it.^^^^ticstbe most to be pitied of all, for they are prostitute* As Ibis qnestloB remained unanswered uo to a late pertinent to tbe object of tbe inqniry. ofMrt.heOoPwuBUucre nend tbe adoption of tlM " Uidgewood PArk," wito VandeVrsbaial.t.... crmplams of the fiilnre on tbe part--JaD.Il....Ne«-To(k..Kldgewoodoften they yield to temptation, to necessity. Their prrsslon of the brain to have been tbe Immediate Ibe sidewalks, &c. Tbe Pollecaien are Informed of purchased for Park pnipoee. abont MO acres. Tbe Fultonanu aa croup,symptomindorsed byPress astobacco to Sturges, Clearman & Co.Schr. Julia A. Rich, RAichart, Baltimore 4 da<.wiA;only might, heis athU;bewith to the place of beginning—contalnlrig regard290 exclusive aeiae,The European mails tor the (Saturday,) at 1054 A. M.MaTCBWBta ofNoB-TtrkAmericacause of death. The evidence went to prove that the Their duties once a month—aad in the meantime ne- esilnaied coat of the land is $200,000. It alrc re- City orManehe.ter.reb.l48....B<Ni*iwt-eBT.VrkUvBUlit .m.«>w.will be at his office again In a few days. Aa sooa as Tbia land is located at toe terminus of three City FnltoD JPao-cJt; .Bavr*. thesupportofthedeafanddumb,thebUnd,the LateonThursdaynight,thebodyofarespecta- theTaxI.«vyIsapprovedbytbeMayor,theworkof railroaos,commonlcailngwithfivedtflereotferries OceanQaeen .-Jan.IT -Bavre. -i*«^ider tbe Inflneace of A verdict lo accordance of a year. When culprits are arrested, caught in the local and of acres of laiui at East liquor. act of violating ordinances, the Police Justice., hall park, twenty-fiveQaeenMr. Hakvoxs has introduced his bill to reclaim tbe with the (acts was rendered. The husband of tbe de- of tbe time, set them at liberty without adequate poo- New-York, in the town of New Lot!., to be takenunclaimed depoalta- It d>ffBr* from previous bills of ceased waa thereupon dtsebarged from custody. isbment. Mr. Dilavab, who has been confined to from the soutoerly portion uf land belonging to cne City of Baltimor. P*e.».-..IlT»Tpaal.. a simdlar dtataeter, in that it devolaa the proceeds to naATBs BT DBovninie. his house for nearly two mooths. Is oonvaleeoeot, and heirs of Howaad, deceased, for a parade ground. JohnBeU. .Glaagov...found In the ferry-slip at the foot of Houston-street, Ireland's piitron Saint. Notwithstanding the strenu- Coroner Jacxxab yesterday held aa inquest, but asmmaaa tiaaaa*aai.sicn to declare St. Patrick's a holiday, the amend- ment failed by a decided vote.body, application Legtalatureverdict of death by drowning" was rendered. To Snbatltnie for Ibe Itismtare for Armting neceaaary for authority to raise the money to defray i*><7 Hoak. * HI1 OOT.Idaad.741 a*B•no marks of violence were discovered on tbe body, a "to go be ore toe Common Council, aad, if accepted by aailHi.... TUIBaaeit.... «M|lf*aBatbat an to the wiU be isa WAiaa lata aax.the verdict the Jury attached a recommendatioB thatBcmerrhace,Prop«*a4byProf.Blaap—» expenses. TheBoardadjournedtoroneweek.of Ita Visit to the Water Works.—Upon the Invi-MABINE EVTELUGENCE. irXW-TOBK....rRIDAT, Jaa. M.Steamahip* Korib Star, Jon**, Aapinwall, D,try Law and the Republican Party—the Penonal and yeMerday hi. indy wa. found In the water at the York Academy of Medicine wa. ^eld in tbe small well, engine., englLe-hoaM, and all other matters len:Atlantic, Fearaon, Aapuwall, Nortk A~lfoot of Twenty-thlra-Mreet, East River. CoronerXev-Tork. vicinity. The Bremui, Gelrcke, Keatjen < Beiehalt.After the reading of the miimtes of the previous apparatus, was made by Engineer McEuor. Tbe R. WLiberty bill and the Republican Party, siui Mr. Law-aiaeiand the Democratic Party. It will show at of " death by drowning."DEATH rBOM A TALL.Ropes t Co.guide for the posterity aforesaid, when tbe wisdom worked in the cap factory No. HO Broadway, foil meeting, Dr. G. T. Eluott read from the proof-aheeta company, having seen ail that was to be seen, as- Barka S. W. Holbrook, Cnrtia, Geneva. Valerie 11great length in the ^Irgiu, that must publish it, aad be' handed down to the poeterlty of Mr. LAwaaxca as aFioelia.EsAi.New-Oriciins, W.T.rroat; Volga, Holm, MaMb-KJacxhab held an Inquest, which resulted In a verdictchapel of the liniveraity.on Wednesday evening last, the President, Dr. Watson, in the Chair.pertainliigCATHABm Pbbbbboast, a girl 20 yean of age, who.FMini Dndine,MerryaiaB,New-Orleaoa,N.H.Brig-from the third story through the hatchway a distance CO feet, and anatalned Injuries which resulted In herof the Edinburg Mtiicmi Journal, sent to tbe Academy t>y the writer. Prof. SiarsoN, a corresponding member.in the Engine-house, where a coUatlao washt m.Btlga Frederick, iBsaa. ) ColoBoa. Aatwen, ST. M. Hajbew, Harvey. Bertanda.two posterities may be thus favored, and that after death a few hours afterwards. Coroner ScaBiaaa Tbe paper claims to assert and establish a newk Hoadleyages may dispute as to which posterity would be the legal heirs of the brilliant periods and wise sentencesSenatorsthoughtandlistened—listenedandthought', and wrote letters and examined bills, and then, fa-held an inquest.^^^^^princi' Die as a substitute for the ligation of arteries—arrest- ing the flow of the blood from them, by what lie;JoneaaCo.: Ada. Snitb, AaptowaB, C. 0. D*Police Report*. KIOBOn ABKESTED rOB STXALntO.;Messrs. Barrett * Co^, wholesale clothiers, of No. 34 Murray-street, complained, on Thursday ,to the De- tective Police, that forty-two ovenxiats had been sto-the end de-pound of coal, and deliver to the reservoir 10,000,000 gallons In 24 hours. At a test made a few days ago, tbe engiiieraised 611,1183 pounds one foot high with one pound of coal, and delivered 14,200,000 gallons ofWilllamaon, Wuamore, Phllaaelplila. Jamaa Band; Miranda, Pbippa, Mayagaas. Dawaaa. OmbI**cu-pressnre.—Schri. Enterpriae, (Br„l 8obM, CorBwaDia. D, K. D*and the material for thenamed William Gibson and MelviUe Coles, on whether made of hair, catgut or silk. The experi- what is required by tne contract.having committedthethefLpresent daySusan K. Arrived.ofold offenders, Bd freely acknowledged their guiltsuspicionTheyWraSLOwhag;i—The Assembly was in session three hours. The staling that one of them engaged the attention of tbe tbat the healing process goes on around and over themand truly.authorising the Super- Journal is as thick as a folio volume of Appleton's clerk in charge of tbe store, while the other picked with little delav: and from the recognitioB of this factwasThe negroes were both locked up at the Detectiverecovered. Office, and the matter will be invesdgated to-day.eral ca>eB of amputation—one of the breast their success had been unmistakeable.of obtaining money by false representations. A PUCKET rt;LL or BOCES.Officer Howe, of the Twentieth Precinct, early on Friday morning observed tte front door of Mr. Aiier-eentdedoncerry, N. 8.. for New-York, and Faoar Ni ^" Emerson- for Philadelphia, aid. 7ch.The prisoners were takenETABBIKQ AFFRAY IN GBAHD-STBEET.Last evening about 9 o'clock, James Armstrongandboth residents of the Fourteenth Ward, quarreled In Grand-street, near Crosby; andsthaeirdeb,is desire was to teacshectarianism.Catholicism precisely aspropertyCeorRe Sweeny,afterafewblowshadbeenexchanged,Sweeny,whe purposecalleduponfellowspresentCiTT Court. Calendar for next Mondaywas drew a knife and evidently getting worsted,stabbed Armstrong In both legs, inflicting two severebut not fatal wounds. The injured man was takenhome. was arrested the Police and Sweeny byInched up in the Fourteenth Prerlnct Station-house. The quarrel originated, It is said, about some books loaned by one to the other.AN AOKD OFFENDER ARIHISTEd'clicumstances and of good general health, and in a While Juc'ge DrSBKBrET, of the Second District healthy locality. He gave the reasons why he did Ch 11 Court, was enjoying the circus performances at not put so much reliance as formerly upon Chlorate8,16,66. Jurytrials 76, to, 10, 31, 62, 70.annata 7 aa.. with yellow to Bearse k Co. ,-« pineBrig Gulnare. (Hr., of Btrmada.1 .Steed, Aax Cajwg^>Jan. 3, with logwood and coSie to ICcCall k Frith. - s:?ence of theAPlctterino.Potter. Providence, maater K.F.,C.A.DeWolff.tures canscarcelyforeigna class of law-breakers who have heretofore exercised their-^W^ iBThe at same paver discusses,enginelift 600,0c0 pounds of water one foot high with onetermsalength, the subject of the tying of arteriessired, the difficulty of closing and healing wounds by the first Intention, owing to the presence In the wound— be considered as bodiesdesired lengtharrived in this by Biartirg externally from toe flap or cut'.cular sur- June and sent tbeSelahjiaceaded tathe consideration of bills in Committee ments are rare,—festivities tt>e excet>llon, not the City a few days since, en route for Washington. De- face, thrusting the needle thiougb the muscle down That body has been in session now several weeks, aeaman died. Alfred Mttebell Ki oBesr. uadSofDustin, Detroit,;all lundarule. One oi these exceptions was on Wednesday siring to purchase a ticket by railroad to that city, upon the artery, then bending the point round the and their time has chiefly been pccupled in the exam- were left behind sick in ttie boapiui. Jaa. 4,Capt.be was directed to tbe notorious bogus ticket office.No. 109 West-street, which Is" There he was charged $10 SO for a ticket which Is anadvance of $3 on the regular price. Yesterday Mr. Dustin returned to this City and made a comolaint against Duffy, upon which ,be was arrested and heldpapersbefore the GrandJury. crew,bemg aick. Jaa ). JaoMSmt ft* whole.Tk* HUa I* reference to legal holidays, and to HellOat* FiMi, were ordered to a third reading. After a 4la**aai*n of the Governor's Message, in which r. l^amaaoB descanted on John Bkowm and lISLPxa, Aa CoBMittee rose.Tk* New-Tork Railroad bills were referred to the •aaallle* an Clttes and Tillages.l4i*oi*<iil to Moaday evening. Ai^uiLY.AuuiT, Friday, Jan. 20.Patmons were presented asking aid for the that he is now under engagement for a Southern cam- and souaht to escape. Tbe officer followed and soin first Intention : the ease of its removal, and at a very Han Association had done. Neither toe Committee achr. Isabella, of BaltlBDore. strg. 8.when Mr. Caoqu (our Parsa) gave an en- tertainment—novel here—being an amateur dramatic"Tbe drama of The Lady of Lyonsoriginal pointination of these old complaints, much to the gratifica-having partiallyevening,tion of all lovers of law and but to tbe con- order,performance.was rendered by several ladies and gentlemen, to tlienal surlace tbe closure of the vessel is made the bypressure of the vessel by tbe wire sgaiast tbe Inter- mediate tissue. Tbia, thus made, is generally tightusual, that everybody bad forgotten tliat little offence, committed six months or more ago.SrigC. B. Allen, fof BarnngtoQ.) Ray. Caraaaa 3, with salt to master Experienced heavy weaibet theGulf Splitsails.Ac. 'of at>out a hundred other ladles and gen-men. There was but one wanting feature. It was by Justice Cobbolly in $500 bail to answer a charge enough,More Agitation.—Mr.of^f-' —great delightthe St. Vin- Paul Roman Catholic -Association, yesterday applied to the Common Council Cominlttee, having in charge the Truant Institution at Flatoush, for per-onkept byPatrickDuffy.book—andBark llaria Morton, Savannah 4 B. Seraaton.vessel and it out passingmate and real of toe crewablBped eeven extra men aoa pmoeaded.near itsof entrance—thus Inclosing the vessel in a sort ofthought tbat there diagnosis made between it was not a disease but a —. .or lymph by preference on tbe pharynx, soft palate, (fee.while cynarche tracbselis prefers the trachea, &c appealsIt also to adhere mote closely ttian ordinary to ttie larynx than to tbe trachea, but Uiis was perhaps due to the absence of motion ol the parts rather thanhad suffered under it withoutof tbe nature of the disease :and If such well-educated men had not recognized it, he was confident that it;6C, da.,any suspicionaggregate to (9,M9,000. It is less by $315,928 09 than bad often been unnoticed. The English youth. How appreciative,pbyelciansstoresScbr. D. B. Barnard, Ell well, CalaU XseenseveralcasesofItoccurringSchr. George Fuber,Schr. BUen UatUda, Pettixrove, CalaU S da.. iBOfl^this year.Mayor yesterday. Tbe hope was expressed in some designated a disease which appeared at long intervals hsemorrhoios, fistula and concealed abscess of toe rec-The President said that this was not a new term,;tina sore throat, had both too much and too little for15.either of these diseases.it waa Inflammatotywas and Ithadthefree,offensive rapid compressible.;swallowing acid,per-tiie opiBlon goease about of a very fearful character aiui of which tor those who tha moieknewnothing. Hethoughtit wasnotso. Itwasmanner as the old-fashioned catarrh was called in-fluenza, and subsequently again went by the oitas ofIt was too much the fashion to take thefa;rnlcplpfeu.l names of European writers and cry up anewS SANDY HOOK, Jan. «, aaoa«t-io Inward ta«a » <»—ease to him croup tracheitis,UabtS.W.: weatheris and tracheitis is croup, and nothing else. He saw plenty of sore throats every day, croups and quinsies and catarrhs, but he sawnonewdiseasesuch ashebearsspokenofhere. Dr. J. 0'Rbii.i.t said that he thought It proper for himself to state that lie saw a good deal of disease,clear.PROVIDENCE, Jan. »-Arr. brig Daniel Trowbrldto,„It eore. and latethecleaningoftbestreets. Ifhehad,hewould andthatamongbisclassofpatientshehadnotseen ventspile*. Noonewhovalueshealthorcomfortregu-For the water-closet,luxury.pro-Off Hlghlaad Liftht, ahipa Saaaataa.. ftaaaas It was, he wasless. The City Inspector had not consulted with him Dr GAm>i>tt said that for the first time the fact of by ail Druggists, Fancy Goods dealers, *«. Depots,go to work and clean them;power- any dipthertte.packagos,fAani*auai*l 1VSS. WTHBLOW'S SOOTBIKS ETRUF.No. 15 Beekman-streeL This art cle is superior to the in some £> called the scarlet Worcestershire Sauce, and can be obtatoed at one-»leTct Hnd throat oi^temner, which attacketl patients variously, together, singly or al'emately. He thought.for Fieet'vfod is ashore near Fie, twood. l.tvEBPOOL, Jan. !.—Atr. today, Jameadiphtherite, that those deuyina the existence of suchin cotton, :iili:tcuve at llarnunrs Museum, and is oae of Havre about Jan. 16, waa taking onn*>«"^"»cupiedby Oejuioht.ThelirewascausedFor InterestontheCltv noteneagsdIn and admiresit. toe9th.having •"•-J"** City purposes Including Dr. Itii iiAina. although general this afternooii evening. Everybody wreckera en been rnn InK)to from eai-h. reportf'om It.c f'lnd to the building fiind, ap- general wa^SoNDAVneJ-'-prove! hv th- Acridcmv. After wluc:: Ihe Academy pany. Tbe case was tried before JudgeI *of the InebrlaM.'.:arntdreIeftitalobthaetereentt Ninth avenues; with Nlnfh-avenne to;(Brea.,) Taa operation ofthe pumping engine, and all tlie neces- 'Steamer Artiian,Foaur,SoatoAmb07,to the Water Works in that SieanuBip Co.;tract that the lequlresagainby bending the ends down upon the exter- sternation of tbe guilty panics, woo supposed, as cottDD anu rice to Wm. Bolkley,(if there is anvby tbe subsequent shrinking of the muscle it shonld be lound not to do, a figure 8 ligature or knot could be easily made around It, or a compreas migbt be viously placed under the exlremlties ifTiebnak,fault,it Is too muchso.) but IfBrig Alma, Brown, J<a«sau.N.P.,Jao. IL wither" aptnae, gc, to John B. Bacon. Briga Mile, bom iaa>'''fcnecessary. The advantages derived are, that no foreign bodyBrig kcta Ion. 37BratideDee.vMihlds*,children,not man's store. No. 287 Seventh-avenue, wide open. He Is left in the wound, and arresting by the consequent and morality. He claimed that he had the same rightScblesslBiier23. lat. 13 36 S., Ion. 36 60, signalized bark l^MHa, sT naderstaiaid him to have abandoned. Indeed, I hear was about to enter wnen two burglars rashed by blm irritation the successful closure of the wound by the to demand a bearing there as the Young Men's Chris- Baltimore, stg. 8. Jan. 11, la . 31 N., Ion. es, alaiMllaadpaign, and that be hopes to appear in Charleston about the middle of April, in the new and thrillingovertook them, as each bad filled his pocketswltb about t20 in pennies, >he weight of which made fastearly period if desirable, (which waa not very fully statea.) and the ease and rapidity by which it can be applie*!.The President, in annonnelBg the regular businessof the evening—viz., the discussion of the subject ofwished in the first place to obtain from Diphlberia—gentlemen present, attached to dispensaries and like institutions, some Idea of the amount of the disease In the Cltv, how prevalent It really was, and for thisBrig Norfolk, (of Eastport.) Imery. KiBgstoo, Jam.. Dec. 2S. with roflee, pimento, Ac, to LeayeraA b Co. Vessels left aa before.BrigComniDnwealto.lBr.JBUII. Halifax, K. 8., IC tbechildrenwerenowtaughtProtestantism. The ds..withoatsandfishtoO.R.DeWoUr.Dr. Jacobi stated that there were 122 caseson the books uf the Canal atreet Dispensary, occur- ring since this year came In, and about 76 lo bis own.-Other gentlemen had Dr. Krakowit£I:b gave a minute account of its en-"' ' ball^t»»:j**"practiceAc. to 8. L. Bitchill 4 Sons.Schr. Ospray, (Ur.,) Mnrfhy, SaguaS da,, . ia Tboa. James.demic appeaiance in one family in Brooklyn—greatMte^^ ~BLACK DlAMOhBS. pocket containing Ms wallet. Turning quickly, he unlrequentlv it bad tieen supposed to cure the cases, BLACK BIAMOBBS.reportedpre-Pollux, Kio Seehosen,mission 10 teach theSundays, religionb30, liBiialised Belgian btik- Stella, ttir. 8. 0*e.nor had Superintendentto hisMr. TtsasAiiany objectionCommittee could not arrive at decision satisfac- anytory to all parlies, and, at the suggestion of a member, the applicant signified his intention of petilionlng tbeif he did sot teachatPrice two cents. [Atfyeratttmnil J,BLACK CIAHORDS.BLACX SIAHOBSg.SrOOBB INLABOIB XniTlON WILL BX OCT OS BXCOBB BKLABGED IDITIOH -VIU. BX OCt ONtbe DemocraiicOBZ OP TBX HOST POWBBPCL BbPBSCaS OF BXGBO SLAVXBTBVXa WBITTtS.Chaiacteilzed by Abolition "members of Congress as ASorrsBT10tbs bslfikbook,""AS 0FP81I TO theANB "as TBB TI1U8 WOKSX-** ABB "as TXB times VTOaSB." ABB "as tab TIUXS WOSSB."This charge made againat tbe book on Ibe floor of tbeHouse ot Itepresentatives is abundanily refuted byWHAT THB nXMOCBATlC PBXSS NUB1H ABB SOtTTB. SAT,VHAT THE nXMlCBATIC PSB8S SAT. KOBTH ABB SOUTH."We can all au ample reward for the co>t promiseand tiouole of an acquaintance with toe contents ofThe letters are so manyto thely lightsome in it. It is a little mine fuU of promi«edsalveIstheeffectual ears,forr,;dand all Infantile disc i^espermissionBrigPorto Plata.Nos. Nos. 9, 12, 42, 71, 72, 7J, 74, 75,;The Tribune contains CissiDS M. Clay'sBrig Rebecca and Frances, (of Boston.)Monree,BavfC^BLACK DiamoLd Sketches and Stories of Southern Life.3nature the author especially knows, profo'ind-knows 11 not through the cold light of ethnological science only, but moat of all, tbrougbhow how tender and loving,—extracts show." ffevi-Orleant DeUa,SnUl BT ALL BOOKSELLEBf.Kewbem, N. end eotb n to Davis A Holmes.with aavalofceipt publiAhedonces.PcB.vsv & RrssBLL. Publishers,No. 79 John street, New-York- tAdTCrtlMmeDklwith jellow pine for Fairhi.ven. . . ,,,Schr. John B. Austin. Davis. PhiladelphiaiB^ i^-^l1>*« -Af IV.'^ht«' Superior Court, at Neu-ilsren.SOLD BT ALL BOOK.SXLLEBS.Sfind it to their advan- tagetoexaminehisvariousdesigns. Referstoma-Fidelia, for l-lverwol, naaed o* ateamers Xonh Star, tor -AntB-^Persons interestedny executed buildings, boto city and country, to his£Aai„, BOSTON, HoTMailJjmt I A e-^Tisubject. but briili-iut-Kum/ or confined to toe hea d'WolS J. ;^»n-n- -Jan. a..vaeaauaoPB.t J. A. Co.:J. T. Williams. Cnrtia, SavanBab, D. C. MurvavtonK. St»ddan, White. Washington, B. BkMoa;BamlttoB. Alexandria, Ogden.Maboa,&LJones,Providenee,wltb„_ Schr. D. W. Bayley, Sanford, Jaemel Dee. S,wiuaveaaala In right. Wind W. light :we«tber dosr.^ ^for do.Hto,„— Maria Hiaekley, fro* Tork-aoj—a^- dwf^•daffiwd kIMlHS *f—l5—*^it Aodreraen., Dec 11, lat.*S_..'4a,- AHimmm wmnOfia 