 5fe^Turn—The Text of Um MoLib*The General Markets were qtiiet.Braadstofis, ed,consequentlyforts of life were most widely diffusedamongsttsB,scTotwehad our parades and processions. The tiatifofthenegro—the discursiveessaysofthe.Jus- canSmlfih Bagioaeiits tnrned out over fifteen hnn- cision being, in his opinion, mere leather and pru- freedom. We have given the Anglo-Saxon get as many half dimes out of the private pock-Jl^—exercise their own judgment find out for—inclement weather, there was a good attendance last-pressesJudge into civilizedanybody corporation responsiblepenny, aad dock waixaais flirae pence. Th«a^~'-frombeingcommitted toanyof the other can-legally responsiblefor loss of time andSd. to 3s.par ;gallon-,'man,Jht'lUJltl'<tfscience,it hasbeenas 'Mr.Batis,we will be at once withdrawn.leave LivespoalilMwailiiiiiiiiIn To the actual state ofand He deoies that the Constitu- practice.partiestheir ordinary obligations. Any communitythis month— — to-morrow;tended to the Ist of June.has now bean ex-Ist of Oe- all arti-^^t# Tmw, pnblijlied"""so far fromtheability required in a President of the UnitedatirUehportsbawiaba daa abeat — •> •-Irequest, PigThe detainedatthebarseveralhemsfv.t"-'—and VhalrixNie were in moderateIran and Xead attracted considerable attention.treiCtedpreciselybouses, ought to be the last In the world toread the ruin of Jamaica in and dUi^iidationdecayofherfeudalgentiHty. ThediminuUonpresume,tiMKOfaiTtvad at aridalSU «r flT^rt-HuaiBoa udOe Pope—Encyc- af -ft* f»plj BuinmiMlon of rmnnert—Hmn ttm Raeoid of tlu Week,or Caoo—Ths Htalaiy of J. BcOHUt-tion of the assertion that negroes are not fit for day's market at the com- freedom. Before there were any free negroofas an exposed byalmllshlng the Cbarekotw waad gossip never runs below the numbered streets tor Sir O. C, Lsva aad other Ooxaaaat ^I or Cumn H. Cut—Dellrarad In thl< Cltf,4b TIMiau Riuuiov—So«ae< >t the Sentence of item Milch cowa are in little demand, withtrue, and it might notfai,ofatimetocome, when the dwellersft man-Snmn and Hasbr. well-filled pens of unsold animalsOMtaar Nodeei, PerMnal Fuagraphi, Ulenrr remain unchanged, all of the prime ones bringingarguefromtiiepasttt»iBMpi9eB!a illitttwsUMeUuMoiItans.rn<w tmr fe« bad >t th* eouiter. In wrappen,....Veal calvesvulgar poUoi,become central, at least to the ilite of the town. tween En^aad:laa^trIH-'«iittBf^fmymt- fan.c(vto(tooaaaddraufbT$10.for its ownpneaaA.'. Ftle« 4 eeati. Snbwrlptlon price,mandforcomfedanimals.helpsto refute thecahmmy. theRomanimported Terminu8,andplacedworship divinityPrealdcBtial Candidates.The nnmber of candidates for the Presiden- cy, especially on the Republican side, seems toAAUOr—OoTnaoK'iWm-JimTUn. berapidlyincreasing. Anappealhubeenis-,to reach the tUand's Northpole.t. KnnaftT—Ci»M ui Tawig*MCMOM—AflenwMItpmiiWnaov. lOoniooa.-Li Boitur >'nt Htnn Paitm Ui-UJu aDOon' LMiran A»was, however,favorable circmnstances.ties of a race, with any accuracy—or ratherwith the small amount of accuracy which is allthat is ever attainable in working out social to us to know, the negroes work well and but a pleasant Bummer evening resort and CastlesuedFtwTWTiTlB fnwn Dun, e> m poseTBXAnuC—Woinue—Di«i, tAaCommitteeby appointedfor thatWm. L. Dat-When a traveller vrishesTrinity Church,caU to mind pleasing reminiscencesElections In Gloucester asdrendered themselves notoriooj for hrlkan.tlia betakenbybaUoC^Tn loMAioa or *.pur-of the days when Bowling-green had as aristo-were of the most imperfect andday,Labor,both In— such kind that if the resolts they look for really againstthe fulfillment of even of the Governor. The first expires on the 24th ofIst of I86I. June,OnI liiii III- ,' tba weatliBT IB this City, was added the nnspeak- tion extends Slavery over the Territoriesitdmtansiajtd the American Protestant Associa- nella, possessing no intiinsic weight, and eaUtled to ttonibdot fire hundred more. The Veterans of no extraordinary consideration, either legally or po" ISU fitoi a natimal salnte on the Battery at noon. Utically.Vniibeii^of^e firqgaen collected at Laird's square, But Hr. Batssernor downwards. The play Is a peculiarly comic one, from the complications which arise between the'M kcriag baaa')ai»i, U Aimi^^miiW;Ju^^^[SmmaAnm. Negroes.ire bare been publiililnff, for «be last fiirse or four weeks, a series of letters from «nrohnsed by the ruin of tvrtoe as many {dut- semi-itilgiaaB inpidae of dsvaUaa to fVee-918 as ever flourished in Jamaica. Tba dem, and that we nil^t expect there-rains of their" country houses, over whk^ fore, to see the ptinciplBa and proprieties of Blr*<i\iiSkVskigaa the Democracy had tkair latSaitoit Dalegatea to the Charlss-ftature. Therewere331vesselsofallclassesin port.estodestroy. Thereisalargepar^amongst oftheAHmmcDowbTown.CTha omitstbeaaaeef dispatchprobably the Angt9-Bm)mt.itlM1in excess of a quite rainymencement of Lent, and prices declined about |c.were not all soldtheusury, isthe fact that Ireland neverquent gainsions about can Madison-squareonlyretaintheirThe even at the reducedper pound, net weight.yesterday,amount of beef 3,000,000 pounds, a decline of }€. per pound gives a loss to the drovers, and a conse-SicSlc. per pound live weight Sheep are scarce, ana worth about 37c. per head more than last week Swine still come La slowly, and com-but as the conflict wassabjeot6^.®6|c.scienceorpart, this was not a matter of much moment.that his face toward Harlem, trusting to its.ffinabmand Judge laiga^aad othac antpoatttoo.Ksw-Ba^aaioiu^^af Eingdom would have l>ee* cheaply pnr- ter, Hat Hwnaanila had goBotuaervadK*cattleprices. Callingto the sameto the butchers, of $22,500—quite an;inToif, and setting forth at length the manifoldreasons which commend liim to the support ofthe Republican Party. He was their candi- anddate for Vice-President in 1856, it will be re-membered, but jailed to carry liis own State. ed state. This is as as theNew-Jersey, nominatingcratic a sound as the Fifth-avenue has now ;Hia identification with the old Whig Party, and with the scheme of protective tailfis, is citedpurityment We needaristocratic now to imagine residence below thePark as ever been tolerable, 3ret we ven-ets of the people as possible, at the lowest pos- ish workman, and we are not dissatisfied with sible cost to themselves. If they exhibit falseWe areotiiet ceremonies appropriate to the occasion. At EzecuUve to discriminate between Free and Slave fore we shall be willing to place him in the same theiraifanbiy^eTedent, nor the Constitution, authorizes Congress or thenot a tothey right put uponIf peoplethem, that is tneir own look-out. They mustThe other parts, being amply filled, contribute to the perialwere lectures, toireet, reunions, andown—haveihem such letters as they choose ?Government In itsforsSga poBeylt tatoba comical perplexity of the dramatist's scheme, aadtin- eminently pacific and friendly ts all.3Phiiadelphia the military, quite as enterprising asOUT own, united in the consecration of a raonu- meatatBozbory,inhonorofBerolutionarymar- tTnlonrank with the least usefiil of our own citizensand In this we fully concur with him. The but such is the blinding effect of political ran- put faith in them and ride on the strength of applauded vociferouslyAIt was reported at the French War oOaaftataMtaLe NoTd the text of M. THonvsaaaili publishesas to Italian alUia, The only objecUoa raised is to the fbortb pmro*t|na. At Baltimore the parade, though seriouslypolicy which received the sanction of the founders of the Republic, and wUch was carried out by Jxrrxa- SOK himeelf, needs no defence, and nay dispense with eulogy.enjoy a run.ACADXHY or MusiG.At Boston the State ind its satote, to which the departing steamship Caiuuia teatxmded in lavish courtesy, adding atheThe fortu- natelyBnkeawayin'Waalungton before the day waaovaa. Ae moeesaioa, in which were thependent citizens.They are supposed to beannexationa strong appeal to the English nation against thaa>-saaaatocm wMal*raaMwit, Tica-Resident, and other high digni- Whigs who have not turned National Democrats."fiald na such an untimelv visitthe code ofHe has all that horror of Slavery agitation and all that r'evotlon to the TTnlon which dlstingalsh oldprocureThe Chicago Press insists that newspapers lastly, the Ming off of the exports from thetedKHMakoBtt} o'clock, and marched past wriWHwiial manrion through Peansylvania-;dler and buy a sham ticket, it is their awnThe Paris carre^iondent of the I^ndoB TViass ttftUithdaythe Democrat, u they were also soma weeksathe President or Directors of a Railroad Cor- poration responsible for anything.platfoim,.TbomabS. BoflOOK, ofsition for tiimself.This is not at all unreason-Neapoli-DTeDed loffhaiinltitade.Hr. GuBiAV Baihi, Mr. Coon, Dr. Gnansm, Mr.Of miscella- posedbywere reriewedtraveler who the interior of the country, and examinedtheconditionofthepeasantrywithhia hia sentiments are very accurately set forth by own eyes. He shows that the town leafier atto the annexation ef Savoy and Moe to flsaas Count ARiss had left Tuiln for Paris, chaigad wUkI '"'Iby was concluded.the Presi-hindmost," consequences.mission.Wardeels- a dinaer at the Onmeicy Hooaa last evening. Among thepervadedNaplaa,a*oftiie ofWAfHOrcROi^ginia, able, Pieaidant BdchavaspresumethatJudgeBatu winH^taenth by— Kingston, from whose habits and appearance and he will soon cease to talk about holdinglower tones it is truly grand, ^eThe cereaio-testimony penetratedevery intelligantPxxuBa and Hr. H. C. Tnai. the manyneous trifles therein eontalned it is not necessary toThe Interest naturally centred oa the drtv- Ourcorrespondentshoiddponderthesecom- tante. Mrs.BasclatpossessesaremarkablyfuUcon-,-;ist, which we regret;in favor of the Improvement ofso little favored by Pravidence as to see in this a reason for reconsigaing him and his pos-country,We don't toleratethe acts, a special interixdatlon of patriotie previousawarded considerable applause to both works, and—insisted on an encore to the rataplan a compositionwhich Is sertalnly more remarkable for^its appropri- ateness than its originality.On Friday Hme. Gazsasisa is announced to ap- pear in "Sappho." It will be the farewell af^ar- ance (in opera) of this great artiste, and will, of course, attract the attention of all true lovers of the lyric drama.CoBCiBT.—Mrs. Jaxis'H. Babclat, a pupil of Mrs. Siarm, gave her first coaoert last evening In flie CooperInstltuts. Theprogrammswasattraetlre,'^thajriotContwsaionaiCommittee lakeandrivernavigationbyUieGeneraleoremment i'tiia anaaseiaenta for the inaugnra-;first an overture, and then agrandpledge ourselves In a formal manner."The Bourse was without much floetuataln. Tlta., .ll'BdiiwiliTiu Statoe, companies of emphatlcaUy in favof of a railroad to the Psd&c, onany route which Congress may choosetostrongest argumentofnegroderive from the case of Jainaica, are the ruinBahinuire, with onrowa Seventh BapBwiti'ari dvSansfamtmisrable, sacrificed the eluas of private bnsinesa to those of patriotism,opposed to conaolldatlon of the mongrel populations of Span-terityThes.'avery.HlQlac^iMt•ndtoolraa Oub jonraey to the Capital.;rejectsthe motto ' No more Slavshia progress.willingtogive theRus-signalsBrifgsStates, in their application for admission into the;cor, that we cannot be got to accord the unfor-volveaplot thoroughly farcical,large audienceffitnted, waa notjnobae dbpCay of flag and streamer from every Such are the (pinions of Hr. Batis, on the relation in 1832 was bought and sold, and lashed like a It was up, doubtless, when the car-sig-Nothwithstandingforegone.timate yearsthanthirtytoava&abia and pole. A similar compliment of " ma^as shrewd, and as provident as a Tankee far- t'eaaspwnd with that which was bis former political assoelatiens. He is a Protection- mer, there are a great many people amongst usnal was first hoisted—and there is no law compelling them to take it down, though It would make but little difference if thereand who has ian States again vote in &vor ef Slg. Baiaxou, shall notaimexatioato thetgfQie Araiit, at hex dock in Jersey to their admission as States into the Union. Ter thebeast of the field, is not in 1860 as indiutrious,givenperfect cast,««Iebr8ti(Hi8 of the day were inaig-rest, his opinions are saeh as might be inferred &omthepublic'sbestappreciatedservants. Incommem-"at WaaliJiigton. In raaponse to theThis is a freeand man everySlaveryTerritories,organizationthe entranceofSardiniantroops. InrespecttoOSt,M.(heish America with the people of the TTnlted Statesin favor of governing our international relatloos bypoints In theagainst Slaverybeariag policementerfere with the private affairs of our inde-There Is nothing new of importance relativeto thethe of principleslaw, notbyto take care of themselves. If into a mock auction shop and buy a brass tates to labor to cultivate tham and watch, or fall into the hands of a ticket swin-neiaUon. It Is signed by twenty-foar leadingCMonatotKeciicle inclosing the statue. Wbea shall cease to set forth Judge B.'s opinions on island.fault:Hioaa wIh! were entitled to the honor had takenhis behalf, and calls upon him to define his po-To all of thesecorrespondent has addressed himself in the four letterswehavealreadypnblisbed. HeconfirmsI il{MnOnBev. Dr. Nadal ofiTered prayer, and after the delivary of anpoints, exceptthe our lasterence not so much to any movementof thepublicplratas.of the planters which followed emancipation the inability of those planters who still hold es-competent gotheygenerallytime of its appearance, excited general atten- of the black population at large, bears lead from Oov. Uoboax and Speaker PcNiciita- tion and comment. Judge Batis is by no the same relation to the people InAeBia,aaar Naples. Troops were sent and a state of siega p(«>claimed.The resignatian of Fruasraai, ttts NeapotUaa >!•>leaars. Gio. Opbtki, Wm. CdktisflC. BvA»I» and D. Dcdlst Field. Ijctters werebefore an audlencs everything may be ex- pectedinthefuture. New-YorkIsahardplacefor a beghiner, but with a voice like Mrs. Bakclat's thereMii««».ience inUr. FiLLKOBi in 1856.tb» eeeapatiniTh« GaOBOiTOWif Msiss has presented his Board of Georgetowa, (D. C.)SboQt eontrespectLegislature by'chooses to tell.emigrate for theNaturally enoughlaii Fabbsi—has ar- already, .Enquirercoimtry.The planters were sunk in debt before emanci-every purpose securingcantatrice haswonnotonlyEuropean but the warmer glories ef a South Americanand of sarea pence on In-Tba provisions of the FrenchThe Courier endthreatened, en its own behalf and that of thosethither fromsection of theInedibttt they were gansrallyibaaa beenmateiialy reducedfor whomis nontinatedpoiaaeLM iwiirr"~"*'—H—*- Icareer.ume and cleamaespure soprano,The MadridTher,Mt**(>t^inr and otkar articlea,XIm dijtlia ffi> tea and soaai are totheIt la that Austria refuses to 1 ccgiAtBedpttecipal ivopoaitlon af England terAbe 1 ~~We see no referencesonal attention to their business, drew largely^rfcranotkar Tear. The treatywithsuchartistsasHr.Maxxtsuhasnow probablybeaooeptad.Notss,Wm.experiencefrom tkelrwith abeen indisposed lately, resumed his place as one of to Sardinia, France and Englandand waconcede as much, claiming only the aelection the of his own time and manner for making such hasandmostartisticallyInterpretedbyMrs.Baxslat,- tanarmytothePope'sterritery asnaoeadtyttanexpoaitian. Still,we hare little doubt thatspeak.tralto voice.rich and responsive. At presentthis gift li unsteady and nervous, but with stndy andan oScial Theministerialfaatad AmeotlaiMn who'Tesponderi to the toasts were since by the News, in an article which, at the Americans form their notionmttTims ofJu the;andfreedom which thepartisansof The English joamals pobUsh Savoy.aodMdefiiilteandanflioilii^reeJVMitteftttm toaaaertthatthebleaabigwMahufcwj<t»^i^'fM^tnOemtoKaataawasm^uswhoareand naturally, perhaps— opposedtoexportscreased conaimiption by the people of the sta-cality which no one associates with any idea bat;—Batu himMif, of hia peUttcal c^ons baa proved (o the " ""'' toUingmUIlouafaeV^M-'- --laigely.every aigger hater" dropa a senti- New-England Uiis more promptly recognized Um Ooii ieiUott were aelectlBd, and resolutions Special Correspondent in the island of Ja^ mental tear, prove as much against and established (here dun in other sections ofTtaM BaOdiBff. tt«rttt»»>Cttji]KTIMBS(IMIr>UMMIiHICTWr abongijrIndoiaiattl»CincinnatiPlatform,and malca,whicherewellworthyofthediUgeat emancipationasthemineofFrench that„^,„itB(-Frloe Tvo ClRt. MartM «t U)f Hr. !D««auL8 u a candidate for the Presidency, and aacrfliiag the Jobs Bbowv affair to the Be- .XOBK nvKS mmt irMdr>-*BaaI>n. pabtieaas, were adopted uoanimoosly. The Con- two eerif loaB«aidni<kr VmBMUn. ealioD was large and of one mind. The Virginiaof who wishea for raloable ereiybodychateaux, the Western world. Wa fcix, however, wiiioh cover the country fro"m Bordeaux to of these have been muchThe few. It ia true, Iiave fallen, but tiis many that (he of Kansas does not differ.1(«Kto '(•iMlWiMr YaiLia Dmuu ;M<fc£Mi4r MMMIr ar aarr, «iB t« •••<!AUr<n]ni l* |«blkbad <m th« Vriw, ta vnppan, <tavfraaM.tb* Pabll«h«n Niw-.^l»KBKI.T VIMBS.the effect of emancipatioB from day—populationfrom(hatofallnewcommu-XIll]»^(«NU|r2-«m(heBesolntions adverse to a Sonthem Coaference Slavery upon the negro race. There is na siA- isDmuh a Ctopoaltioa met at Blchmond, and organized by add,Hr. jAJraxr, of Loudon, in the Chair.iiave risen into comfort andcertainly the last country ia the world inwhich peoide can be expected to blubber over (ba faded glories of ChaitUly, and the vanishedman, and a Prencb eitizea to boot Sat, overborne by better influences.ADahpxs.—^The Tribune will be toplacingwere adopted. The main business of the Conven- tion will be transacted to-day. The Wlacooain Democracy assembled at Kadlson. Besolatkmi strongly approving the course of Senator Dovolas were adopted. Delegates to Charleston were se- lected at the evening session.happiness. Thisvery essentiallypemsalinformation upon the moat vexed, and, we mayCaWs, prove the revolution many represeotaiioBaagainst of 1789. more roee-colored than facts wiB warrant andTcTOi «r th( iiKMFMHi Knured T(MH*mone of the moat questions of Important,which more momentous interest jeot possessesfor the people of these Statea than this, and(here is none which, to be discussed profitably, has more need to be discussed with candor and What its fate has been, however,The Stock daalisgs were mainly npon Hew- impartiality.Tork Central Tssterday, the transfers being re- in our Iiands, everybody knows. It has had (he the French political economist usHAii>u.Wela«aiar, nfe.aL TheBeyall(a!I«teaiBabipSiiropa,Oa^Ia£i^.openedimportant exciting politicaltheDividend. The misfortnnetohaveamost 7ebmary priceandbearing paidat aboot Ufrom Liveipool A. M. o(afterthefell about »91 ^ cent, on sales of 10,000 Shares.thl» morning, Other Stockswere steady in price. No alteration upon in Money or Exchange.bear thatoa Ibaone of the mosthighest compliment wa ever re- ceived, when he declared that nationgrievedMr. Buchasah has expressed the QaaeaKewaths llfll,«tf foilvwfaigday, arrival tfB^Mb -^hind ten centuriesto become themodem Brit-— rightGovernorandthelightlady bothforthematri-—isthenaturalresultofthein-" "Down town is a pliraae definite of a lo-The number of live animals offered at the cattle,for IheFtrmer sheep and swine markets during the past weeli the emancipation of negro slaTes, and they en- ple articles, and the diversity of employments tliat of wharvea, drays, and great warehouses.GREAT BRITAnr.were, beeves 4,447, milch cows 159, veals 430, deavor to help (heir cause by the constant itera- which freedomcreates. The argument against emancipa-Being " down town " is only a sort of negative coa- Ia the Hotna of Commoas oa Vab. ttr J, ' S,dltion, an absence &om up town. Convantional LAwnr't faUla toul of 15,411, or near 2,000 more than last week. Beeves werenaturallyfallacysheep 6,393, hogs 3,993, makingcommunities ia existence, this proposition ofbut whether it was or not, it was impossible to prove. It was ofExclamations of surprise are constantlyvoredit; buttheseeoBd readiag waa carried byavataaTwith the theses of the old schoolmen. It might b«coursebelongedcategorycoursemostfidlaclous tocondition of a race as to what it could possibly who feel an interest in thequarters at the cost of falling to the level of thehoi and when the Central Park willachieve in theone in which it was never intended that eitheraEmancipation in the British West Indies came at the nick of time to fiimish the experi- ment of wiiich we were so much in need. Itcommencedunderthemostim-To test the capabili-New-York isand out- alwayspolitical problems need a race in away,plainlythemselves. They have covered theBabel, seemed stillOn tbe Vftk, Inkths House o^ COBaoaa, Lori EsBOUlaidonthetablethetreatyofoDamanawtt. France.logicplayvery leadingof Cilfuture,respondent's letters.Youngward bound. It hasvery &stshouldexperi-ination. The People's Party in Pennsylvania, vices most hostile to progress, such as fear use our correspondent's own nervous—^in thisLordPAumsMn v<Ae agafaattfeaeallate principles, aad the motloa was reieeted iiy SI Istatsaaat. Ha stalatfor the better accomplishment of theirJk Weat Bmadway, and tried their engines. In the States.' He argues that neither public policy, prece- sian serf a hundred years more at least be- object, whose business is it f The cars are raasos as the mock Governor is confusedly great. considered in some sort the programme of the Isa-of—and if he is, he must take theaaegro dayloagerJamaicato rise to our own leveL If aoa. de proceedings were enthusiastic, and pro- means a taciturn gentleman, nor is he in the the interior that a Thames ' mudlark" DivoBCis I.N Eaksas.—Accordinglooiiad te lato tkemght. habit of making any mystery or tlirowiag any bears to a Jersey fanner, or a ward pol- resentations of our Correspondent, theineipisnt Opikatic.—Mr.MaxMaxxizix'sunprecedent-is definitive. Aalightdisturbance,causedbythe iililiaas oftikgreatness of the Condes, as as loag.grated. We can only hope that,in the eouiaeJacques Bonbomme stands before us a contented yeo^of time, their control be undermined and mayaontro-versies by which any country was ever agitat- to be most civilized in wliioh the com- opinion that Mr. Batis does not possess the at3XP.H.ofthaXH. 8hairfflMtt*attty«raw.-receivingPiDvisiaos, and Cotton ware sparingly purchased calm inVeatigation due to the working of a the people. We, who in short owe so much of Statea. If Mr. Buohahan does not understand Tliutaday."^igMaf_^ gtta Aauorasraa—Ctatinuttoa of ooi Bpo- tat former rates. Oioceries wereinqnired for. great experiment in social and ethnological all that we boast af io the absence of manor the minimum of talent which will answer for The seraw-ateanuUr fm* far MNi4||^,Ma i^t^ T*l* Cdlage oooiw of A<iloal- >Aiwiwi—Origta of Om ait—riteAnaiiM—Hoiu- lOv-^OBBbaer imEBgliad—Kx-Odmmon Beain, Hay, Hops, Linaeed Oil, Tallow,an irate attorney treats a piece of adverse testi- Otherbranchesoftradeexhibitednoreallynew mony,theeffeatofwhichonthejuryhewish-the who dees? postaflacife»4M<Vfc U- <' 5,^tion,SBifartan262 to 334. tidpated.On the 9th, lathe CemaoBB, Laed J«aa-«aHHt stated that no coaveaUaa had been aatend lata ba-exported so much provisions as before thefamine of 1847. The more she has since thriren the less bacon aad butter and beef has she sent abroad.Of the point on wliieh most stress is laid, that the negroes will not work, we refer allHr. DnsASU stf olbaiiTlM majority was sbuUsc tfeaa wasto our cor- Every line of his unvar-nished statementThey will not work for the planters, because the planters cannot afford to pay the requisite wages, or, if they promise to do so, are tmable to pay regularly. But contractors, who pay every Satm^ay night find more labor than ttiey need, and of the best kind.hard work done for cash, he hai as vigorous arms at hisNew-York, and what is of far morewenormal,savage,unsophiBtieat- ^untrywithliappyhomes,inwhichthehouse-Garden was not a of templethe revolnticmary gloqr thatabove its dome. Though itbut a relic ofMm Ht. GLAStTOBi rose amidst great etaeaiiag aad |M-jost necessary of the materials in a chemicalmay seem very un-growing year by year into hardy and vigorous one, at all events, which plants. For every mined plantation, they have by these gentlemen as reasons for his nom- has not been artificially degraded—in which the built a hundred smiling cottages. In short, tohaving his financial ture to express the opinion that the inconvenience ceededtomaker—TabtiwiMkOe.*!MntAonii. meantime—whichiainvitedbytheRepublicaas and and deceitlaziness, have not been devel-phrase,The estimatedsulng year were £n,10Bjm, aad tbm '-^—*-* ta-nnne fromBnadwar—Kmb orKmcall to sendtoChicago—pronouncesdelegatesin favor of Senator Cameboh, and will doubt- hold property. Nevertheless, the negroes onTmaiM.SA&LIBT—Kxniinoi or Pitniaoi. less urge bim npon the National Conven- whom the experiment of emanci[)ation wasI Bouns- tion. We doubt, however, whether thia made in the British West Indies were preciselyancestors, laboreroftheNine- teenth Century is to be compared to the ser&existtag ai^nieatba wvaddaaly 4M^n%-<a BBBISK—Xzaoinos o^-IUprnaian.fOSWm OF THB DAT.movement aims at anything more than of this sort. They were artificiaUy degraded by to promote the chances of his nomination for having been treated as beasts of bardea forthe and it is intended Vice-Presidency, possiblymainly to prevent the party in Pennsylvaniaseveral generations. In short, all thoae who really take an interest in this matter, not as a question of party politics, but as a great^oped bycruel treatment andbytheinabilitytomore to beto their slavehelddidates already in the field. The Chicago problem in social science, and all those who other injuries that may arise from displayiag baited like a horse with a way-side lunch and per gallonBstoe Kmdred and Tirentr-eiglith Anniver- Press and Tribune nominatea Abk. Ldtcoln, believe in Uie"of the law that on their cars the words Ball up," in order toflfh Aaat--j^ universalitymight, indeed, enjoyall the convenienca of'--; T^ Hrraf'OaUtt^ of WAgsniSTOi was perh^s in who was Judge Douglas' nnsuccessful compe- freedom notU-.rS^':v~ Ku^r leqioeta meh leia respectable than anj ofonly develops courage—'' '' Ik Jit^drtfa^oak Aa lain, proroked bj- a bouterous the Missouri Democrat, the Republican orgaa try, aad ends by converting a horde of savages It would be amusing, at all events, to see an ing, as now, a voyage from bome to office, which per, butter, tallow, cheese, onages, aiiliaais. aad.forsuch parentcircumnavigationoftheglobe.Beai>oard. Of course, to so general and per- Concerning the opinions of the latter on the the question to be derived from the peccadilloes as breach of faith and false pre- RiBPiiE.—QpiMBO Appo, the Chinaman who age on all goods exported and importadOaaaelumdtedModtwrnt^-serenwhichprecededtitor for the Sanate in the lastcanvass,atesacquisitiveness,andthus promotesindus-to find the ball dowTuVerywell1sthimlimitsofthesamehemisphere,insteadofperform--'-j- "'o«11i earf. wlmt, began to fall in torrents, Tisiting of Missouri, 'the aomination ofhave the satisfaction of attemptmade to holdVitt Ufattial bomitj naartr every point £rom Vkkh Information reaches us, on the Atlanticbeings,knowing that any argument for their view of'''~moeaedin^Batxs.awealthyis to twadutyof onepeany par pack-aiataot a "qoencher" no enthnsiasm couldbe proo4 and where the progiamme of•baamnee waa not wholly abandoned, the. crat says :the Demo- condition of the British West Indies tences. The thing is quite unheard of in thisThe stamp on newspapers is abolished. Fiance agrees to redaosvariousof thewas convicted of murder and sentenced to be pressed.is an a fortiori argument of the strongest community. It is not possible to enforce hung, hss received a second respite at the hands coal and coke in 1860, asd on flax, hemp, aad otterpolitical topics" He Is wedded to the cause of Freeopinionhave been achievedworst possible materials, and under the most which will tolerate the treatment receivedhe de- clares that Slavery shall not be permitted to enter—and6d. Theduttesaretobeaatirelyihnllihslaap»> connected with mud and snow occasionally lengthen into an ap- liquorice. Brekers' aotas are to t>ear a stamp •( aae- dria eolation of the streets, the legacy of the lastaaow sbmn. Something had been done to purge any Territory which was free soil when acquired by unfavorable circumstances. If men bom and every day at the hands of our City Railroads,ter than a reaieMntation of the Dismal Swamp, Coagress can plant Slavery on such soil ; and that the 'willt tta canal capitally reproduced in duplicate. Sred Scott decision merely defines the constitutionalreliant citizens of a free community, any menour correspondent speaks of.He must understand that the chief and of the•'comedietta called theduced here last night. It Is a tottenur of the times tlatlng this treaty. The army estJaurtaa aw £lijm,when women were marriageablethattheywouldtheremarrysomeonefromtheGov- tioawasfixedforths2OU1.FRANCE.;appear, theywith the—the portion of Broadway ordinarily used as the the tJnited States, or which became free at any period bred under the ferocious rule of British West would be greatly amused at the idea of com- WiKTiR Gardbk. An old but very agreeable factured gaods. The treaty ia to baia'fimafioceasitmsl snd military line of march. There-SHfadsT, and all the lateral streets, were little bet- subsequent to its acquisition; that no power bat Indian planterdom can be raised into self- plaining of such little misrepresentations asa Governor's Wife" wastea; pro- He defended the acUon of the Government inif tiiis can be dene,' too,- in tliirtyJBeTsnth,Seraity-first,Sizty-nintb,Eighthand ticeswhichaccompaniedtherenderingofthatde- years,it makesastill strongercase for Sixth-avenueRailroadiatomakemoneytodisposal;"who themselves whether the ball" is up or notreply;ofSavoy. ITALY.rep- is nothing to be feared.ne arrival of the Eurma at Halifax supplies concealment over his opinions upon any of the itician in this City to the selectman of a Mas- State of Kansas is a very heavy business ed season in Havana will terminate oa the 2etb lost. Pope, had occurred among the students at RoaM.Baiepean advices to Peb. 12. In poQtical doingmatters notUnc of Vary striking interest had tran- controverted questions of the day. He dis- sachusetts village. He shows that the taass in the matter of granting divorces. Every littleA portion of his superb company, headed by Mme. A foreign loan of fifty mlUlon francs was spokaaaC~ipirad. lb- OLADSIODa had introdued his budgst. cusses them all with perfect free—dom, with areany of the people ladHstriona, intelligent and fkyOT asked for in this matteraaems to bemake a tour of the Island ofCearasi, wUl afterward SPAIN.SVa fiaaadal zaenlts of last year are set forth as one who desires to know them and the edi- and that if will aot —very Cuba, and, on their way back to New-York, call at Marshal O'Domixu is created Onke of Tetoa•a.Theestimated : thriving, they bear com- granted and oftentimesour Soutbers cities. It is understood that{vlacipal snd raised to ths rank of a Giaadaa of•tMBlIfiatisiKtory.feSNCt9araiapotdomatoverseventymillion torsoftheSt.Louisjoamalsinquestionare parisonwiththeYankeesof *withoutthetroubleof anyevidenca,or hearing"IBlacaipAr'fttartyand>defficlancy is to be made up anto himwithout good and substantial groands for so doing.Ifew-England,tfaay takingaivzix wlU commence an eaergetic season at the Winter Garden. One of the new artitta whom we we<eInth«bataeoftha4ththe^ari*laaswastaa of- ficers and 711 man kOtod aal wbaaded.by won inc<»nas of one hun-learning anythingground capturedexpenditurespromptlyi^Bha. immediatelyaftertheI<entenseasonMr.MaxMa- badalsobeenpreaaatadbythe(jasaawUhJtethree-quarternet likely to impute opinionscertainly win with the Caucasian race in any part of Continental Europe, in all that makesmore about tiie case thanon which theitbolt" Ifmuch af the Colonial aristocracy of Virginia.to "not on the ground ofBarsdiffer-Theirwasspeaks, —Judge anypation.positionverylike that TheyHer voice is aha» already men valuable citizens of a freelived (hair means, little ifprinciple, sapportad beyond paid anyper- Thereckless and withbut because haunprincipled facility which the Kansas Legislature seems Inclined"irneettad. Itia confinBei to this charge in any of the jeumala which ad- upon their factors in XngUnd at exorbitant to grant all applications of this sort is s— haredtriunphsIn store for us.feet ofAV8TRIA.Itafy Iwaa xaeaiTad d- Tooate his nomination. It is probably tma, rates of discount, and postponed the evil day more or less by all new communities,aOftUttaAtL taaapppsed •ad win bAve more or lass influence, aapecial- which was sure to coma at last by frash some of our other Western States are very ^rJiaooiotaBpIatadifFiad-efTBaca)]?—tonaa touuuaaa Um MihanHna of Savoy. iy with that Teiy large class of poli- loans and mortgages. Their story is an old little behind Kansas in thisto the Water laid—one fire-plug to 86 and one nubile hydraat to 117HwU^pt&dpalpMporfapnstf ticimns who do not adopt the Courier's and familiar ene. The emaocii«tion from who obtain seats in theem the had not been received by 1 subjectof Prance.pipe. There aia Advices from Terona report gra^a^'^'.jteM^ia»n. ^^T^iSiJ^V^- So, howevei, to mean;»io</<^rw—and certainly geod govern- ly of the British market for their s«gar, was the tion, moreover, of all new regions is largely ment depends much more upon the character last feather that broke the camel's back. Ttiey composed of the adventurous and the recklessthe Boardwbich is four-Inch, thepipeatoftheSaBagMadoanieoaidal " not Men." not been recehrad. It ia acppoaad motto, PiinciidaB; rest six-inchwhosenowresumehar mediation bati*«M tke'modera Intenvetttion of those words, the managed labor they bad Ured, of course ds- moito in question is veiy generally and justly stroyedj their credit, aad brought on the day of•"'"^n|tev»^„M«*«' ««^«, organhSllSfof OesMn wiio wield its powers tlian npon Oie were utterly ruined, beggared beyaad redemp- —men who have emigrated frequently to es-on wUeh th^ pnftM to stand. Wewhich makes the arrearages per foot for the pipes laid azit cents, and per mile M,*^—Including all fire- plugs, hydrants, and eoatinganctea ef every kind.The Paris corminadaal «f Jsorts that udais have baaok aaal-JbiAall ^ to oecapy Tuacaay with it JgfKOtm. of thesest. waa i»ftbel'ennsyl«S,(W^'"°'*platfoRDS would muchDiicouraing peit (Ct,)Bridge-ttlfr^t.fl 'qiJpT^tinmarT^S^i«fli«r taw %foodhon waSfierce jdiaens-laii^r>%'*«''^ onthebestplatfonnetsrttWmUJ'bagsIt bu been goMnlly ooppoaed that the 4ayto«TNhMdHi,.^^Sj^--^^ -^v.>^>:;^^v....^..>-.ij^yj^ r*M:i^^<'^- *"*— '«d«^l^a^'?/»*fte'fcsttt toafc bUJJ Sjgj'^'^^^jwefated. and othertbaweference dentwltho«itman fcr Pi«ai- aayjJrtftion <^,^|f*B»jto^"*M>Untitled Document-a reokleaa, xammaf^m,aegroregard tor Ulchteti O^a on Batoiday,;>a^SMi'»P»°P<*"'** -^-' "~°"Indeed, under thraldom of those ob,forced and ill-respect for established institutions,.^TTAaHuioioif was chosen in " "laaaeting of poUtlcal pattiaa, otiiaTdDS in its effect Princiide has come the Colanial policy which gave Cbem a monspo- eral welfare of the commtmity. The popula-persons la the city. The cost has baen thus far Issued at propriety the anBlveTsary distmated as falsa in sentiment and very mis- reckoning. The abandonment by England of marriage, as a permanent relation, ta the gen- $MLMt. There remains to be paid for setting up the ef the day.But in due time we shall probahlyreoeirs (M with good sugar. We wOI fat Oot Teatoreiaa Impsrtaat SMwra sayThere is no use in denying it They dls-cape the iricsome restraints of the morals and mannera of older regions, and who cannot beas he can command in importance'when the Battery was not a miniature De<ert of Sahara,forhold virtues which bhuts are Slavery alwayswiselyto hoverthe of Jamaica (Creoles is no present generationgant price to be paid for the privilege of aristocracy. What a comfort it must have been to the mer- chant, then, to luxuriate in the delicious leisure of—foggy mornings. Then, too,£68,953,000.expaBdHnieatorttaat-compared Intelligent Englishof ATHELBTomc Or Athxliko.Tirtnons bat Terdmnt.A correspondent thinks that the President of the Sixth-avenue Railroad Company should bel eeomcaadeficitof£>,«ia,IM. TaUMInmthanthe— the breakfast table,•00,anGovernment cannot undertake to for- niah eyes and brains for the whole community. Every man for himself, is the only rule for a— freeandindependentRepublic, andifmisfor-tune overtakes the hindmost it can't be helped"the newsnobody has any right to be themon-placepopular politieslittle,army to pass the frontiers.A revolutionary movement broke eat lathe applicantare promised—Mile.rived, and awaits Hr. Hautssk's return. This dis-mencountry,ance which the more rigid laws of tbtir own States would not concede.are not generally of the class imbued with the mostMX cent perprofoundorto appreciate the importance ofSecond Austrian Carpt d'Armkt, <qualifiedTeroaa, ttat-JhydrsBts, cuapletlng ths repa&s of the streets, and February tlie whole of tbefor stationery and other smaU charges, t3JM 6f vince of Hantua, and he gev-tion.ai^eared from aociety, and sank into all sortsof mhnrable callings and ooenpat^paa. Bat expected, therefore, to have m^ vary maiked leatsttva la Coogreas fin Oaaeetieut, " eoattnnsstowofths Hooattat aa the capture of Tetasa, EngJaDd vrouldagaiaoAr her mediatioB f6r bdaglag about aj>eac8,and It araaUOne oMbs canters becameafreelahw«c,tndtheBrlt- forthesanctitiesandobngatiouofthe loadtbemalls. teUsasthattbattieiiikpoorwemaUetoawartiatfaaireeffiwaad maniagerelatioB. HSeianiaadiarrito themler,a deliver-tinguished laurels,O'Doaaiu judged It oaatoaa to Into the iateiior.The menfinalreportThere have beenthe Italian question, but theformaltry.andWATiaWoaxs.—-Capt.—nities, being very largelymade upof menwho can well be from the more very spared hare emi-civilized sections fiwn wWdi they6EIIBEU.etimeiu;imv 'a topic.uttered at the rapidity with which up town is get- ting np-er; and dismal forebodings are indulgedeither powerTo the more meditative of the older generation, for the prevention of bribery. Its pravlslaas era vaif^bilityhowever,stringent,Ur. DcBMOMBi moved that at ihairreversi-aimouneements like the recent one of.the death of a millionaire at his residence belowfnBameilmf WstaaeMi,wM«h>ai»resulting from the distance at which business men that thenow reside from their offices, is a very extrava- prodneed £70478,0(10, while the eqiaadBara ^ww^within five minutes' walk ofhis office, unhurried and undisturbed by the £1 on lacomas above £1S0, aad 74: as. (aaaasM thought of having to be shaken to pieces during an below that sum, n^ich would give a saiplas af aaar- hour's voyage in a package on wheels, whose ly half a siiUlon. Ths tea and sugar datiaska is»< likeness to FAi.STATr'8 buck basket, every posed to renew for another year. Hasense bears witness to, especially on damp and tlie provisions of the French treaty, aimid-day meal at the family table, instead of being ;rants, from ISa. 9d. to Ta.;but cre- induce skaters to go to the Central Park only his residence and place of business within the from 16s. to es.; on agreement itaapa, fw>..Mi Hg:AantseaieBta.tothat bore the general name of India, in the firm faithtba China war. Ttehe the might enjoyon brandy, from Ua. to 8l It on timber, bom Ts. M. to is^ as eaushippedany placeleaBudget was received irlth ehsers, and its rnaiHwaof the Time* says a eiraa- monial moment being impostors. Hrs. Wood as Leily lar will soon be Issued by the new FrsBch Feieigais and extattc, Hr. Jsr- Minister to diplomatie agents abroad, which may be especially Jubilantthe piece will undoubtedly order for theFrenchIn army ItalyreadyEngland's propositionsHiss Patti In " La Soimiambula." The Opera waa sltloa, which declares that If ths Central Ital-evening to enjoy tiie perfectly charming strains ofWemareeaux;and standing armies to in- exception of Hiss Patti) took part. The audience Rentes on the 10th cloeed qoletty at 89f. SBcwere.mustlookoutfor himself.the nuisance of having expensive courts, over- Garibaldi rataplan, in which all the artists (with theTboctihxi. oration of a hero's birthday, there was, between says:regardof unusual vol- her method petitively Italian, snd her executive powers thoroughly remarkable. We may safely anticipate|a season ef noTaltles and;her of managementtSfiHit79 fire- plugs, and there will be 106 free poblie hydrants tions there. Ck>unt DaoAams,;making the total cost ofthe eomplatad work $13,938 OS, amed by martial lew. ,'-,'-^'of theA*vertutr svan Oat Hr. Ferry, repra-troopa, aaata to ^~^ -aartera frotfranking privilege,theMthe measurepnqKwadThe Pariscorrespondent-,oppmtA ^k-andoperaticms bt Cfalaa, but aa oidlaaaea oa the 1had been Issnedwhieli settled Che basis afwith ings,andtheDuestianofaper^tnaateewysaaaiyofSir FnsBOT Kaur oMataed leave ta Mag taia Mlany portloaseaa titts^.annual Income had bean*?,«:< ^*^:to be march at a day's notice had been coantermanfisd.ooraalves beaad by- negotiations with Austria, aad wa eootd aat to-day, in presence of the stlpulatians of Tlllafiasia,of the sapitalof the French Army ef Italy having reeatvsd orders to be in readiness to move at ths first notlee has been confirmed. The older, it is stated, hasref.occupying1^* ,-^:?'i»Praaee relstiva to.1an buome tax to tta year af tta ItL'jmhethat the duttas would be reduced oaoa raisins aadhaving lOs. to 6s.; on hops, from 49a. to 14b,; am. aU0m%-000, Including £5,000,000the will reduce the duties onitems, from thetol>er, 1861, Francecles of British production to an a< valartm doty of la percent,andafterthreeyearsto%i>er eent Sag- land engages to reduce all dnties on FrancktotheTuscany in case Piedmont eoattaraM ay-troubles stillKing had not given up the Idea of srderiag MsasSaSMtarr, ha«ll|gvictorywaawas. FU^aaaMM at Tatnaa.^peea iinisiiidlatiiet*af.1|jg4'4Bopinloaexpose Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069U.iL ^m ^^iomM^smmwww.fultonhistory.com"-^ 