 if.name of the writer for his own sake. JCd. Tribtms,] TotheEditor ofTh*N. Y.Tribun*. .SIR: I am a plain, practical farmer, who hae been raised here in t h e South, a n d who has never aeen a Free State; but, notwithstanding, I feel, and agTeat classofourpeopleherefeel,towardyouoftheNorth. .SHORTMEASURE.—TheodoreHudson,JohnColvia, Andrew Hunseman, George Piedrick, Rudolph Lodl, John Trimble, Lewis Keieer, John Kansmaul, Mat* thew Befick, Jacob Heinman, and James Sherwood, wereallarrestedyesterdaybyofficer*oftheTM*-'•-wv.' i, .i •-i. ^*..•"'• r' . i '• fMMf~S ;:'••'•''Jballots. and on the 16th Feb., 34th ballot. "Ampletime[Iamnowq'otxngfromHildreth'sHistory]hadbeenallowedtoMr.Burrtobringover,Fnfhr spoke at some length, and" was listened to with ing erected a new high Republican pole, the first everSUICIDE IN USSTER COUNTY .—Wm. Constant Hank*, aresidentofWoodland,UlsterCounty,was"founda day or two ago in a barn i n Shaudaken, with b i s threat cut. He was alive when found, and begged t * bo left alone to die. He had cut his throat with a ra» zor. No reason is assigned for the commission of tha act. Mr. Hanks was about 50 years of age, aud has a wife and family in Woodland..•«.meeting the Serrate, tie House adorned " eitrht rules to offer a handsbme banner and flag to the two towns '" beobservedinthechoioe,ofa President,"withth»THE WOMAN'SLIBRARY.MARINEim • "•*<•:>•:' c ; Wm.Atw^UnrJkCo ^T.K.T)9^rm«Om.••&*.; figuril"*t 5 " above on fcft ^ed with red, V*t may be tinfed with other colors.intent, aa Mr. Eando'pb »aid (*s a Federal expedient), to starve or worry the doubtful members into votingT t e fin* **"* P"OTided that i n case no candidate shouldbareamajorityoftheelectoralrotes,the Boutewouldforurwiih returntotheirownchamber• • , / ^" A part oi the evils which Hamilton had anticipated Effingbam with great taste, all of which"shows the on-the reading-room from the School of Designfor Women,boat found on board,the Achorn could be use fortradlog purposes—weighing only about 3J0 pounds; I t woald carry about twentypersons;neverwasconnectedwithamerchantvessel;aboatofsuch a character as was found on board the Achom would not beBailable on that coast; she was rather lightly built; saw a vessel,the Orion, with slaves on board; never sailed i n a vessel withplaves on board; does not speak Spanish; one of the Spat iards onbeard the Achorn spoke a little English—about as much as wouldn,akehim understood; can't say If tbe other Spaniards spokeEnglish;onebelt,containingabout$2,400insovereignsandlialf-soveredgns, was found in a trunk on the Achorn; did not know ifthepartyowningthebelta»kedhimforareceiptforthemoney whiletherichmancan.make, withhisnegroes,threeof in Washington, i t wculd have run no email risk of being invaded by a mob."oOO Wide-Awaxes and in a ll 10,000 persons, yet the greatest harmony prevailed. Yates, Lovejov and Ful- ler addressed the- crowd a t Greenup with tbe greatestJuly. When we consider the favorable circumstancesOn the 16th o f February, "thinking that the timeunder which this reading-room was opened, and th e" ci.se of a discretion intrusted to him by the other then " Federalists with whom h e cooperated, Mr. Bayard " of Delaware called a general meeting of the Federal " members, and though some were sril very reluctant " to yield, it was finally agreed that Barr had no " chance, and that Jeffer- on must be chosen."the Wide A wakes with a splendid flag, accompaniedwith an appropriate address b y a lady, which was re*sponded t o by a Wide-A wake. The procession wasabout two miles long, composed o f Wide-A wakes o aborse-back, accompanied by their ladies, all well equip- sexes.' I t remains to be seen whether a reading-roomber) upon their plantations within the last month, andhave them at work in sight o f tbe capital; and this i sknown to all the Government officers about Montgom-ery. These negroes cannot speak English. Wherethey came froml have never asked, for it is enough for razor across her throat, inflicting a terrible wound. me to know that they have been brought here in viola-"fi^~,>M»i^M0nm,•V MI!•»y)'i-ii*»«^- ^<>'i«*a^at',»^t<Ji»t«W'ft«>fi»ii»r*•gsending tbe largest proportionate delegation; there. wiHie a Wide-Awake torch-light parade in the even- irgbytheWide-Awakesoftheneighboringtowns.—OfthetwohundredWide-Awakesandupward,whorecentlywentupfromDetroittounite:inthe*» •«*easetheHouseshallcontinuetoballotfor&PresidentAwakemovementwithgreatenergy,andthroughoutsubscribedonthespot.MissPowell,theladywhoTbey were locked up fbi the nieht, and yesterday morning, npon being brotght before Recorder Tilden. several trade* people ap- peared and made affidavits again*t the prisoners for having p w e d the above-named money upon them. At the time of. the arreststated that he would calrbn' them. Tbe Court held, upon the a»oyeto»Umony,tbatthetenderwasgood, .„.':••**, without interruption by other busii-esa, until it shall" appear that a President i s duly chosen." Fourth- appreciate t i e Republican cause, o r who a r e more« After commencing the ba!lotir>g for Prerfdent, the"Houseshallnotadjournuntilachoicebemade" earnestlydevotedtotheworkofachievingagloriousyifth: "TbedoorsoftheHou-eshall,beclosedduring triumph.AiAxoLBETTERa t 8 0 n k T * W M ® a d f o r Plaintiffs; James k Cratg for"the balloting, except against theofficers of the•"Hon?*."Onthe11ththeSenateandHouseofRepresentatives met, and the electoral votes were counted.5 There being no choice, the two Houses then separa- ted, and the House of R«pres«ntative«.proceeded in the manner prescribed by the Constitution, and. under the rulestheyhadadopted, to ballot. OntoefirstbiBot there-'wereeightStatesforJefferson,sixforBurr,and two were divided.The eight State* which voted for Jefferson included,all those south of New-England, except Maryland,3>elaware,andSouthCarolina. ThefourmandateKortiH&Wtern State*, with Delaware and South Caro-lina,votedforAaronBurr. VermontandMaryland feelinginEilicgbam,Jasper,andCumberlandCoun-were divided. ties, 111. He. writes fr<>m Effington, Aug. 16:Two or three members were so ill as to be brought.. A large and entbnsiastic meeting hasjust come offlong-contemplatedpurpose. Theinstitutionhasbeen incorporated, trustees being appointed whose excellence noonewillquestion,whenitisstatedthattheyare payingtherentcftherocmsinwhichthelibraryisto he opened.noon. tbat in no caee wae he interrupted the second time bywoman readers; that in the. Mercantile Library they The Achom was about one mile and a balf from the Mystic, lieve that the South is united to a man. There could of tbem agents for other peeple-^were fined $1 each,all the country there are none who moire thoroughlywas the au»hof of that.movement, has since then beensteadily working toward th e sccompliabment of her Welsh attempted to pa»s a small roll o f counterfeits to Mrs.—E.R.Reynolds,esq.,ofAlbion,wasonSaturday nominatedforCongress,tofillthe unexpiredtermof the late S. M. Burroughs. ;•—A strong Republican Wide-Awake Club has been organized in Montezuma.—TbeladiesofSt.Johns,Mich.,havejustpresented to tbe Wide-A wakes of tbat place, a beautiful bann H\[ThefollowingisagenuineletterfromanoverseeronaSouth-eraplantation,andisworthy of attention asanevidenceofagrowing feeling among the poor whites of tho South that theirwith staff and lantern complete..•.:>;• . .LA W mTELLIGENOK—^AeorrespondentofTheChicagoJournalhasthe followi»gpoliticalinfjrmation^touchingthesta+eoftile Library, the Society Library, the Apprentices''Li- UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE—Ar/o. 21.—as brothers. l a m certain that if people here would teenth Ward Police, charged with selling fruit from take a eecond thought, and study and reflect upon the wagons about th e streets b y felse measures. T k *^^;:,vVr":.^^^*^Hf^^f?7V>:' '.fW^Wt^^^WtfVipW"•>¥#ii*i° r*"''i '"'-. »•*.«-• •''•'''KI JSEW^¥ORK DAIL Y IRffiTJNE, WEDSESIMV"Tlomas Achorn," was resumed yesterday. •to the House on their beds. One who was. seriously >'re. which is terrifyipg to th e Egyptian Democracy. The advocates of a separate and dissinct Woman's Li- ' Lient Green, who testified for the prosecution on Monday,ill was attended in the House by his wife. The ppeakers were Loveioy, Yates, and Judge Puller. Twenty-eight ballots were had at longer or shorter Mr. Loveioy was often lnterrup'ed with questions, intervals* occupyirg.the House till the next day at which were answejed with such promptness and forcebrary, say that the fees at the Society Library ($10 peryear) are altogether too high for the majority ofwas again placed on the witness' stand, at the request of Mr. Donobue, the prisoner's counsel.The witnets, "under cross-examination, testified aB follows:These agitators would make theNorthern people be- than the required amount. The pris<»<n»-*efng moat" that while the question of the Presidential election" was pending in the House of Representatives, par over. Mr. Ten Broeck's man came over specially to are the best vindication of the need for The Woman's the one in suit Shortly after its birth, the parties disagreed,„"tieswereorganizinginseveralofthecities,inthe" event of there being no election, to cut off the leadingtake the stock. W . A. Dudley, esq., has also sold to Mr. Ten Broeck hisyearling colt, Knight of the Gar-general demand.band took tne child from her. The husband, in his return,set forth that the wife had abandoned the child, and that she was an' iooproper person to take ch*rge of i t The wife traversed th elight steers, old cows, heifers, etc., will sell a t prices only equivalent to 5-@6c. a pound for the net weight of meat;whilethebulkofthestockwillsellatZ^Sc., and the top o f the market, with a few rare exceptions, will be 9 c , and altogether a decline from last week, with a pretty fair prospect of a portion of the stock being left over unsold.The Committee for the Belief of the Destitute and •Suffering in Syria, acknowledge the receipt of the fol-lowing sums:W«tPoint ,..«>200JwnecL<-nox...........$000*** Feieralists and sieze the Government."In 1824, GeneralJackson, Mr. Adams and Mr. Craw- ter—the full brother t o Ruick—for $2,000. This is a The institution will commence its public operations return, and denied every allegation. The hearing o f the casefordwerethe.candidates,andthoughthefirsthadthelargest number,"he bad not a majority of the electoralvotes. The House proceeded to choose one of the three andchoseMr.Adams. Criminationandrecrimination annalsofEngland." followed. Loud compTaints were made that the candi- dateshavingthelessernumbershouldbechosen,andduring themonth ofSeptember,inaroomonthesecond-floor of the University Building, t h e windowsofwhichlookouttothewestward, ontheWashing-ton parade giound. The room is spacious, neatly car-wassetdownforSaturdaynext Inthecourseoftheargument, it appeared that at the time of the marriage he was a widower, and she a widow, each of them having seven children.For petitioner, ex Judge Stuart; opposed, Mr. Carpenter. DON'TWANTTOBE'ASOLDIER.In re Petition of H. R. Thompson.Petitioner sets lojth that in Oetobor, 1858, he wenta violent political struggle was the result. Such has ' been the experience of the House, in the only instances inwhichitnasbeencalledupontomakeachoice ofa• » •POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—But little business w a s Goodhue it CoI will «uppcse you are of a different opinion, and thatif yon could exercise an noreetricted choice you wouldprefer another candidate and another party: bat yourchoice is in the present instance restricted. You mustchoose between M r. Lincoln and the dangers andchances cf a gto uggle i n Congress wish i t s uncertainissues. All opposition to our candidate ceaters a t last good part. The banquet was eaten gayly and found uithis: to prevent his election by tbe people, not th±tTIVE COMMITTEE.—This Committee held the first of aseries of meetings at No. 23 Chambers street, yesterdayafternoon, when the fallowing resolution was passed:Revolved, That tbia Committee hereby approve the proceeding* at Syracase of the Union State Electoral Nominating Committee, and commend the Electoral Ticket there made t o t h e e*rne«t support of the Constitutional Union men of the State of New- York.No. 707 Rioadway.. PltOTO<IIlAl'H8. IVOKTTTMU, MiifUTtraxa m OIL. and DaornuuuiOTTrBafAdverttoement. 1tbe people may elect another, b u t that some one who has lees of popular strength may be placed above him; that this may be done by a jagglo of 33 votes, c ist *in a noisy, turbulent, and wildly exci'ed body, where one man from Oregon wields the same power as 33 from New>Ypric. It might or it might not happen that a re- spectable choice would be mace; that is uncertain, but it is certsdn that the process isnot safe.. _delicious. Vatel had surpassed himself. A hogsheadof beer was tapped and consoled the soldiers for the Awake Company, with the following officers: Cap-from a warrant of arrest, undor act of 1850, for collection of per: SOJIUI tax. The papers show that Scranton was served with the usual notice of application for this warrant, founded on the Re- cetver'8 affidavit, and put the same in his pocket, without think-. *• MILITARY VISIT.—The National Blues of New- each.man can beat fill. Kowuut & Wwjug, No. SOS BroadMray.ing for a grand mass meeting on the 31st inst., at Ithaca. Horace Greeley, Gen. Bruce of Madison, the Hon. C. L. Beale of Columbia, have been engaged to address the meeting, a n d Judge Wilmot of Pennsyl- vania, is also expected* The Republicans of Ithacaopening of bids for the construction of sewers inCherry street, Thirteenth street, and Second avenue, at Trenton during the session of 1059. W e understand that Mr.Cox refused to pay the note o n the groond that I t TM&,&TM? at the Croton Department, were adjourned yesterday under false representation* of Sogers of the danger of ate OW,.•' ,»••the motion. •**^j,;«L,'>^^superior colt, and, if no misfortune befall him, he will make for himself a name that will adorn the sportingHouse of Proyor, Newark, N. JMr».L.,thro*F.L.Win- Hton. I'nq... 7.T. R Hubbard..., 12 00 O. R. DM. L 8 . . . .10 00 fO O 9 00•one d a y less i n duration, occurred at. the begin- In consideration o f the time o f bis coming, the Prince popular books on art, such as are o f chief-interest t o would have to dine at KehL The Major organized a*'O.W.B..Bellville,N.J. 80OO 5 00 Fiaher Howe 00 00—Prince William o f Baden, who i s i n the Austrian service,wasexpectedtovisitthebridgeatKehl,andmMirt.». A . D'. 6B. by llamnie.. 100 00ning o f t h e present seesion. H e most be a carelees the students in the School of Design for Women, and a observer of what is passing in his own age, as well a s little banquet of twenty covers, and as the Kehl cooksan idle student of ihe history of past ages, who c a n are hot up. to'the times, he went and ordered the dinner good collection of works o n medicine. The Librarythink it safe to cast such a prize as the Presidency into will, "if the expectations of its founder^ are realized, be • surplus, and a Referee appointed to ascertain priority of claims to such an arena, to be contended for during days and lost .from the best restorateur of Straaburg. The next day a nucleus also for clssees similar to those of the Mer- the surplus. The reference is now.going on. It «eem« that thereport of the Chamber of Commerce for 1859 is one o f the most valuable documents yet issued for the count- ing-room and the library. Beside an official report of the proceedings of the Chamber of Commerce for the year, it presents careful statistics of Banking, Insur- ance, Imports and Exports, Prices Current, the details of trade in all leading articles, City Finances, Canal Trade, Marine Loesee, Domestic Manufactures, Assay-ferent occasions these premises have Wen broken into lately, and about $80 worth of goods stolen. These boys were seen to enter the place recently by a neighbor, and they were accordingly ar- retted o n suspicion. Justice Connolly ,corrrrnltted tnem f o e tiiol,,. iPATAL FALL.—Coroner Jickman held an inouestyerterday on the body of John Swallow, who died «t the wV>ew~ Yfork Hospital in consequence of injirirareceived by fatlingfreor won, according to tbe chances of intrigue, intimida- all was ready. The civil authorities were at the sta-cantile Library, and it is hoped that it will do some-thing in the way of advancing the interests and multi-has been a certain judgment put in evidence before the Referee, which judgment is alleged to have been paid by a co-defendaat on joint liability, but it is not camelled of record, and the alleged payment hi disputed The question uow is as to making the judg- ment a lien on the surplus, and the motion is for a stay o f pro-tion, endurance, and possible corruption and violence. Ail this one might be williog t o encounter, if i t were necessary, in order t o prevent a c*rtsin and greatertion, adorned wifh t h e insignia o f their >office; t h e military were drawn up in fine array before- the sta-tir a received by failing from tbe step* of his< residence, in Kffty-fonrth street, near Tontiaplying the pursuits of women.'. The principal patronsevil,ortocompassacertaingood;butasnomancan tion. Tbecookswereroasting,andtheStrasburg oftbeinstitution,thusfarhavebeen,Mr.Benjamin ceedingsuntilthedeterminationofasuitofthepartyallegedtoavenne." A verdict of "accidental death " reet near Tl ceasedwasanativeofEngland,94yeanofage.rendered. !>•-[Advertisement]Tins is the usual FAMILY HOLIDAY at BAR-XTM'H MvtiHW, when all the Ladies and Children resort there t*foretell which of the eight candidates will come upper- Vatel was giving orders to an army of subordinates. ;have been paid the judgment against the co-delendant who has H. Field, who has given'-$2,000; Mr. Joseph Howland, - alleged to have paid it. The hearing was postpoued until Friday.most in the scramble, tbe good is at the very best most At last the whistle of the locomotive announced the . Alfred Roe for the motion; D. J. Lyon opposed, together with doubtful,andthesupposeaevilistheelectionofoneof approachofthetrain. It'stopped inthestation,and whohasgiven$500,andMr. WilsonG. Hunt,who Weeks&.DeForest.Office,tionspaperanotherTrade, and all Scate Laws of a commercial character passed at Albany'bast Winter.. Copies maybe obtained of I. Smith. Homans,, Secretary of the Chamber.the purest, mos'« tfcoughtful, and disin crested men ofour time. T o you, then, gentlemen o f all parties, or ofno par-y, who take no further interest in nobtics thanto seek the promotion of order, fraternal sentiment, throws himself into the arms of the astonished Major. moderate councils, and honest govt rumen'.. I beg leave It was h is brother, Mr. William Weyler, whom h e toaddressmyself. Still,Ibelievethat,ofalltbecandi-has givan $200 to it; these gentlemen a r e among the trustees, and have done much to aid Miss Powell in hergives also a n W eightsthe passengers got oat. W t ere ie the Prin ce ? No PrinceCOMMON PLEAS—CHAMBERS.—Ar/«. 2L—Before Judge BRADY. • \MALICIOUS PROSECUTION—HEA VY DAMAGES.'James Castin, inNove-mher, 1855, was accused, herforeJusticeBxennan,ofembezzling$15fromMrs.Delany,enjoy the omoslng entertainments in th* Lecture-Room by thatappears.B u t a manpushesaway thecrowd, a n dpe L_.This place will be crowded THIS AmtHjroojf and Kvfsisa,keeper of a grocery store at No. 124 Houston street -The charge dates, Mr. Lincoln is the safest, as I believe he will be and who had sent him. the dispatch that caused the have added $200to its funds. Further efforts to in- was dismissed by the Grand Jury.- Accused sued complainanthad not seen for a long time, whom he did. not expect, the ttuest to the principles and history of our country. blonder. A t first t h e civil and military authoritiesfor n alicious prosecution, and the case was referred The ref- eree has reported that the orfpinal charge againut Mr. Cassin was malicious and wicked, and without any reasonable o r probable foundation, and awarded Mr. Cassin $1,000 damages and costs.DECISIONS; •;-Hillyer, & c , agt. Dean.—Order to show cause, «fcc,and stay proceedings, granted.CASK AGAINST THE RECEIVER OF TAXES.In re. application of Kelly, Receiver of Taxes, &c, to arrest Wm,fAdyertMementJGURNEY'S GALLERY.•elected; and that of a)l the parries tbe Republican i screase its usefulness and place it on a firm foundation, will be made as soon as its actual benefits shall have* .WSDE'-AWAXES.—The Second Warders of Jersey City, on Monday night, met and organized a Wide-tarn, James Wallace: Lieutenant, Fred'k S. Farrier; ing more of it The Receiver took his warrant of arrest by de- fault and Scranton applies for relief, acknowledging the neglect,knitted their brows, and seemed disposed to be angryat the trick played upon them. But the amazed look become practically apparent. of the Major soon showed that the trick was involun-tary, and that he himeelf was its first victim. .Then asmile came over every face. The thing was taken in•trouble they had gone to. The Major's brother is still proud of having been received with such honors.FROM PORT-AU-PIUNCZ.—By the arrival of the bark Ariel, Capt. Cbeesman, a t this port, we have advicess> .-.ifromthecity.otherwell-knownlobbyoperators,w«re»obpen»e4aswitnesses, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069U. - ' . . , " •boken soldiers a rousing welcome.town. /—The Bepubncana of Tompkins County are prepar- ADJOURNMENT o r THE OPENING O F BIDS.—The to have tw-en settled. Jt was brought by Andrew J. sogers, in many cases, if the execution was enforced, the appellant, if•'ii'atf^ii'.i.• v.\.\;>*-^»A>^'..'«w^!S6aSlS:;.<iV,A'i/:. '.' >!.(;•.*»V^'."i^>»^''.-.:i#;i^iC<#l?^Mlt^&&temAS±GZ.';'.. . _ .•rf.i"'.iiiujiL.oli^li..... :^ •.o l-.,J..i-.fr.)..<! *rj>^'.'i''ii.'.::'','.iOiSfei &&»1 ;x)cM*K*ikv;'''v-^*^M^^^:rnIt will be remembered that a year o r two since, a veryenthusiasticmeetingwasheldinX>T.Chapin's plnceduponthestand.. Thisis^altogetherprdbBbla."This action,WAB brought to recover.aatfunt of bill oxgoodseoId'W'plaintiffstodefendant. Defendantjri««d#tsPder.«••'~••—'STXIEIITCtKAKiCfC—Thecostofcleaningthe'street* lastweekwas%1,0fx*25iwgtj^jjgg^ ^mj5£j|2 when the expenses foofc^d np $4,631 25. , "CRICKET MATCHIS—Un&cd StaUs v»t Canada,^ The first o f a serien o f International Cricket Mftnhqr between the United States and sSi Canada will be com- menced at Montreal on Wednesday-, August 29. T b e United States Eleven, in which will be several Ameri- cans, will beselected!by the St.Oeorge's ClubofNew-York. Tbe Canada Eleven will be selected b y theMontrealClub.TbereturnmatchbetweenSt.GeorgeandEastNew- York will be commenced to-day o n the St. George'fThe evidence showed on defendant's part tb«rt he called a* piafa- ARRESTOFCorNTERFEiTERs.---AboitIto'clockon tlfls'store,afterreceiving»notefron*plaintiff/lawyers,and Mor^ay night, a yotu g man named' James Weish and Mm. Mar-, stated that he wished to settle bis bill, and that platetfff* *tatodthaWhitntr.keeperofa'boardins-bouseattin.206Chatham thatthematterwasinth*irlawjera'hands,andTcf*>7t*dMmto street New-T oik, were arretted at the'Jersey City Ferry depot, them. Tbe tnree witnesses on the pvt of plaintiffs *H testifiedandsogreatwasthefeeling then aroused infavorof««jorityoftheStatesinfavorofoneoftoera,inBach ranks-oftheGermans. TheyhavetakenuptheWide- theproject,tbatnearlythreethousanddollarswere teVyt$I-biTl«oftheMetacometBankofFallRiver,,Mais. thatMr.DeGraneDa,sfter.beingreferredtoplaittiffs'fcwyers,and loanediately proceed to a ballot; *and in ease np- demonstration at Ypsuanti. seventy-six were from the «on-fttefirstbaflottheTe shall nrtappeartobeama-hvOfficerVoladeandAid. Decker,charged;with passing noun- thatnot«*d*rofmoneywasmafotoplsJotiflis. Italsoappearedchurch to take the initiatory steps in the foundation o fa woman's Library. I t was addressed by James T.Brady,HenryWaTdBeecher,andSolonRobinson,:• ,^-.''': '•'•.• I " . * ' ',' ..'":, ' ' ' " ' ':,• ••:>-:t-.Whitner,andwasdetectedintheact TheRecordercommit- tedtheacco8ed"partiefltoja<lindefaultofbail.r m ' • ' ' • ' ' '••'•••••SUPPOSEDHYDROPHOBIAIN*ACAT.~A boyaboutwasbittenyeiterd*ymorningin JosephA;Condit,which sud- y new at om ana two or three.other persons. Tbe animalsity o r desirability of a library specially for women, frehended that she has been bitten by a mad dog, several having een in the town litely. The wounds on the boy's hands wereWHITE" OFtive number of books taken from libraries by men andwomen in the city. T h e Astor Library, i t i s wellknown, is principally valuable as a library of reference";thegreatmasscfreadersissuppliedfromtheMercan-attacked with tho hydrophobia.brary, and some twenty o r thirty small circulatinglibraries whkb we find scattered all over the city.BeforeCommissionerMqRKLi.. •, THE LAST ALLEGED SLAVER.The examina'ion in the case of the alleged shiverdreadful consequences of Disunion, they would recoil with abhorrence from political agitators and their doc- trines. • .' ,.measures were all brought into Court, tothe number of thirty or forty, were tested by the legal standard, and found to hold from one-eightlt t o one-third lesswhen a boat was sent towards her; the steamer My"tio was aThe House remained i n seeekm nominally without the same perpon. H e spoke about two hours, a n d have to pay $5 a year, while men pay b u t $2, from propeller, of about 400 tgns; it might have formerly belonged to not be a greater mistake. The people here are divided with tbe exception of Hudson, who, being a principal,adjournment for seven days, b u t after sitting oat the&nt night, the resolution not to adjourn was aubstiu-passed o\er the whole ground of Republicanism—the Brmestead bill, tbe Slavery issue, the course o f Judgewlich they secure not only the benefits of the Library the Cromwell line; did not examine the bottles to see i f they into two classes—the rich and the poor—-who are as was fined $10, and in default of payment was lockeel contained disinfecting liquor; the scantling was not put down onand reading-room, but also c f the classes; and that it the manifest; what was put down o n i t was lumber: did not distinct and separate a s the North Pole i s from the up b y Justice Steers. The police o f other W ard* know that scantling was sometimes used t o mean lumber; didtitdlj evaded by-substituting a recess. Daring the Douglas, h is Squatter Sovereignty, &c. Mr. Yatesnext four d*ys t h e actual tees'tons were very short, w*& quite unweu, and spoke but a short time. M r . is not pleasant to goto the Apprentices' Library, where not find one of the revolvers on the mattress; saw it taken out by South Pole. I t is' only when election days are o n would do well to examine the measures used by pad-only fire ballotiogs being had. Oa the 13th February.29th ballot; on the 14th Feb., 30th. 31st, 32d, and 33d much apparent interest. The Republicans this morn-the charge is $1 to women, while it is gratis to boys. another person; the mattress was opened under his obseavation; hand, that the aristocracy ever countenance the poor it was Mr. King who took the revolver from the mattress, theThe attendance of males and females at the reading- weight of whleh created h !s suspicion; Capt..Leroy boarded man; and then they d o i t t o get his vote. But poor the Arborn the morning after the seizure;-can't say whether men have changed of late years toward the aristocracy.dlers.''1 ". : : -knowndownhere. Theprocessionformedat11rocmoftheCooperUnion,andthelibraryoftheMer- CaptLeroysaidtoCapt.Parker, "I'mgoingtosendyoucantileLibraryAssociation,isnotedwithmuchprecision. totheauthoritiesofNew-York, where.you cameirom:;, TheyhavefoundoutthatvotingfortheSlaveInteresto'cock, and passed through tbe streets, bearing ban- don't recollect t h e reply which Capt. .Parker then made'does not give them clothing, meat and bread, and lands to cultivate; no such thing. They begin t o see that for every negro brooght into the country, one white man has t o make -room; not only in farming, but in every branch of basiness.ifhocould,anyoftheOppositionvotes;andmatof- ners,flags,boats,rails,&c. Themeetingwasheldin ThefigurestakenattheCooperUnionshowthatin oneoftbemenfoundinthepant.ywassaidtobeaservant;didfers on both sides had. been made to the doubtful mem- a beautiful grove east o f the village. A free dinner not see many vessels laden with palm oil; does not think thebers " subsequent developments left little doubt. »r>d supper were given and served up b y the ladies of spite of the considerable number of women who visit; Achom had any other balla-1 beside h»r cargo; did not think thebeganalreadytobefelt. Thepublicmindwasmuch wardprogressofRepublicanismdownhere. In1856, thereieagradualdecreaseintheattendanceofwomen,agit**ed by tne delay. Rumors bad been and continued scarcely a man had tbe courage to call himself a Re • which indicates that this experiment of a commonto b e circulated, eoarging the Federalists with t h e most desperate and revolutionary intentions. Jeffer- son himself, in the highest state o f nervous aedt ition, wrote to Monroe that nothing but threats o n .the part of the Opposition that the Middle Suites would rise in armsandcalla ConventionforframinganewConsti- tution, prevented the Federalists from passing an act to vest the executive authority, io default of any elec • tion o f President, in the Chief Justice o r some other high officer."Can you not see, my countrymen, that where a manownBlusone, two,'three, o r four thousand acres ofland, and negroes to cultivate it, that the poor whiteman of the middle class has no chance, because he hasnoland,andcanget none either forloveormoney; passage bence, July28,to Havrevia Southampton,publican. Last year 190 Republican votes were cajt,and to-day there are a t least 500 live, energetic Repub-licans beieon the ground, united t o a man againsttbe ' blu« sldm-milk Democracy,' as Lovejoy called itto-day. Yesterday and the day before the meetiogs atNewton, Jasper County, and Greenup, Cumber-land County, exceeded anjthing in tbe triumphalmarch of Republicaniem ever known in this part of theSt«tte, considering their distance from tbe rauro«d andd faculty to reach them. The people came in from all twenty-third in July. The actual decrease is some-Marshal Ryuders here entered the room and handed a tele- graphic dispatch to Mr. Green, which stooped, for a faw minutes, the examination. •' .-:Cross-examination resumed—Other money was found scattered in the trunks on board; 8>150 were found in one truns, and $250 in another; the belt containing 6200 was found on the person ofone o f the Spaniards named Senor Juan; all the money found was English gold.Re-examined b y Mr. Wilcoxson—Heard t h e Doctor o f the Idystlc say that the bottles found on the Achorn contained disin- "hadarrivedforterminatingthestruggle,intheexer-effect.TheladiesofCumberlandCountypresentedveryconsiderableattendanceofwomenwhichitre-fectingliquor;oneofthemenonboardtheAchornwasaPortu- guese ; thinks that Capt Ueioy told Capt Parker what the offense was for which h e would be sent to New-York; dcn't recollect the words then used by Capt Leroy; saw palm-oil casks on the beach, ready for conveyance to a vessel; saw such casks towed from the shore, but did not witness the loading operations; thought the boat found on the Achorn was built to convey passengers; it was not fit for merchandise, as it could not be stowed evenljr away; the passengers o u l d be readily scattered through such a boat; there were six or eight legitimate trading vessels on the Congo River, chiefly from Boston and Salem; did not notice that they carried the kind of boat found on the Afihora; thinks the revolvers were left on the ve»sel; saw the Orion outside of the coast; she then had no slavei on board; saw her afterward a t Port Helena, where she had a cargo of slaves; did not board her at that time; had boarded four legitimate, trad- ers on tbe coast; never s a v such trading vessels a t Kabenda Bay; there were three o r four African villages near the Congoto four hundred dollars to tbe band ?The negro mechanics, here in Montgomery, havemonopolized the trade; and the slaveholders want t o diesolvethe Union, and open t h e Slave-trade at the South, to drive all the poor white people out.Within four miles o f Montgomery, t h e capital o f Alabama, and two miles from William L. Yancey's Slantation, James Porter and others in Montgomery ave.smuggled African negroes (twenty-five i n num-passed Hurst Castle onherwayout at3:30A.K;f Ang. 7. Time, 9 days 10 hours, this being the best passage this season, by several hours.ALMOST A / DOUBLE MURDER I N RONDOOT.—•A shocking affair occurred o n Sunday afternoon in E o » dout, Ulster County, which has created considerable excitement. A man named John Crummy, residing i a Meadow street in that village, entered his dwelling, and without saying a word to his wife, who sat with her back towards him, approached her, and drew a$SY<Had Congress been Bitting in Philadelphia instead parts of the adjoining counties. Toere were at least what greater,- it being from 1,548 in March to 638 inped with caps adorned with ribbons, each lady dressed intended exclusively f o r feminine use, will be better The 35.h ballot, token a t noon on the 17th, resulted m white carrying flags. A t Newton the concourse of patronized. From the Society Library, a .very, largetion of the laws of the land, and nothing is said against it.The poor woman sprang upi and, rushing out of tho door, ran to her parents' house, a short distance from ber own. She was followed by her husband, who o aaf • •mlike the former. After in hour s intervalon the seventh day of the protracted sitting, the 36th b-Uloi was had. Mr. liorris of Vermont was absent, and the t wo Mary- bind Federalists, Craik and Basr, put in blank ballots, thus, riving two more States to Jefferson, wnich made a majority, and be was chosen. The letters and diaries of the leading men of that time show how deeply tne public mind was agitated. The'content, in reality,people numbered full 8,000, the procession being I£ niles long, composed a s i n Greenup, o f teams, six- horse and two-horse teams, numbering 48 yoke of cat- tle, carrying all kinds of industry."portion of the books taken are taken by women • t h e precise figures we are unable to give. In the Mercan- tile Library, in five average days during the present month, the number Of books actually taken was: b y women, 248; by men, 895; an averave of 50 taken by women, and 190 by men, per day. A very large pro- portion of the books taken by women from this L i- brary, are, of course, taken in the names of men who belong to the Association, very few women taking outWilliam L. Yancey will preach to the people, andtell them that the laws for th e recovery of fugitive the way cut his own throat. He arrived at bis father, 'lasted sixty days—from the middle of December, 1800, —Mr. A. H. Davenport, the well-known and popu-Biver .PERSONAL.:Blaves ought, to be enforced; b u t when it comes to en- forcing t h e Slave-trade laws, h e does n o t open his mouth. Here he is speaking night and day for Breck- inridge, and perhaps will be one of his Cabinet if elect- ed. Can you, in the face o f these facts, have any con-in-law's honse, and showed the wound to his wife. A physician WPS called, who dre«sed the wounds of both. They were alive a t last accounts, but it is doubtful whether either will recover. Crummy and his wifo are both young people, and have been married only about a year.A PIRA TE TURNED CONFIDENCE OPERA TOR.— Officer Whitmore, of the Eighteenth Ward, on Tues- day morning arrested a young man of insinuating ap- pearance, named William Augustus (alias George) Tompkins, who is charged with having stolen $58 front Dr. James L. Kiernan of No. 19 Stuyvesaat street. It appears that Tompkins fascinated the Doctor by bis suavityofmannerandrespectableexterior,andhoto February 17, 1801. During the greater part of thattime; Hamilton was in New-1 ork, Jefferson at Wash-ington, and Burr at Albany, a member of the Legisla-ture. On the 19th day o f December, Mr. Jefferson tbe former, North-Stamford, Conn. I t appears that books in their own names. Many, too, of the books wrofe Mr. Madison in regard to the alleged threats ofsupply tbe Mystic with oil; was a t Kabenda Bay five or six times; did not see tradingvessels there., Reexamined b y Mr. Wilcoxson—Kabenda Bay was about thirty-five miles from the mouth of the Congo River; i t miglt have been necessary for the Achorn t o have anchored at the place where she was found.I have been for fourteen years a n overseer in this State, on some of its largest plantations, and I think my opinion is entitled to some respect, from my long . experience and daily intercourse with the people. £ demand for them that Truth, Equality, Justice, and the Constitution shall prevailxpurs,forafreecountry, ,^V;MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Ala, Aug. 4,1860.CITY ITEMS.•: Cross-examined by Mr. Donohue—Saw a whaling vessel at Ka-benda Bay when the Mystic was there; the whaler came in to fidence in the man or his party ?lar actor, and Capt. Sluyter, met with a serious acci- dent one day laet week near tbe family homestead ofreading-roc m will in the end be hardly more success- ful than that made in the reading-room of the Mercan- tile Library. During the five months from March to July, inclusive, the attendance of women, as compared withtbatofmen, hasgraduallyfallenfrom one-four- teenth in March t o one-fifteenth i n April, one-eight- eenth i n May, one-nineteenth i n June, and to one-The steamship Vanderbilt, Capt. Lefevre, on herceives from the School of Design, this great falling-off only shows in a stronger light"the repugnance which women have to a reading-room which is public to bothi iit%actnally taken by men, are for women to read, so that w*gondownahill,whentheepokesofoneoftheofthereaders'furnishedwithbooksbytheMr.WilcoxsonwillexaminetheMasterMateoftheMystic,Mr.Mr. D. and his friend, Capt. S., were riding in a light"Senateprotcm,bywhattheysaywouldonlybea wheelsflewout,thewagonupset,andbothwere Mercantile'Library,fully one-half arewomen.The inquiry was here postponed to Wednesday at noon, when Isaac King, in behalf of the prosecution.the Federalists, " who openly declare they will pre- " vent an ejection, and win name a President o f them::- Wretch of the Constitution."Hamilton was incessant in his efforts. H e corres-ponded with Gouverneor Morris, Bayard, and others, almostdaily.thrown out violently upon a ledge of rocks. Capt. S . The number o f books from Apprentices' Library, SUPREME COURT—CHAMBERS.—Aug. 21.—Before Justice was reriously injnrtd about th e neck and shoalders, read by women, is very small. SUTHERLAND.DECISIONS.aidMr.D.,itisfeared,hasalegfractured,besidere- Thatthe*elibrariesdonotsupplythegreatdemand EliasFadeettagt.SamuelW.Taflmadge.—Motionw••.ceiving several severe gashes and cuts on. the face andon January 7 th , writirg to Hamilton, h e says: legs. of whom find all their amusement in books, while theTuesday,head of bullocks in the sale-pens at Forty-fourth street, the medical gentleman also retired t o his. O n Tues- and about the-same proportion of them, compared with,day morning, when the Doctor awoke, he discovered!beef; but there is altogether too large a proportion of that his young friend had disappeared. Ondressiog poor, thin, light grass steers and heifers. The weather himtelf, he also-learned that a wallet containing $58,Bayard held the vote of Delaware in his hand, a n dfor readhagwhich exists among women, large numbers—J. EHery Amory, esq., United States Vice-Consul corresponding classes of men find theirs in lodges and confirming report granted.at Calcutta, died there suddenly of cholera, on the 28th bar-rooms, is shown by the many circulating libraries of June last. Mr. A . was a s o n o f Col. Thomas provided by private enterprise. These circulating libra-was invited to spend the night at the Doctor's house." With respect to the personal quality o f the compet- ",itorB, I saould fear as much from the sincerity of Mr. " Jefferson (if he is sincere! as from the want of probity " in Mr. Burr. There would bereally cause to fe*i that u the Government would not survive thecourse of moral " and political experiment to which it would b e sub- " jeeted in the hands of Mr.. Jefferson."'• -fc Hamilton's feelings during the struggle were broughtto such a pitch that h e wrote to Mr. Bayard after thecontest—" I t is to b e believed to be an alarming factperity of these establishments show that the public $1,500 each. The filly Annette, we understand, is to libraries a t present existing, supply b u t a smallMr. Siem for petitioner; J. M. Harrington for the opposed. EAMILY QUARREL.In re • Geo. W . Melville.Amory of Boston.ries, as we have been informed b y the propii»tors ofpayment of $10, costs of motion.,A DESERTED WIFE.In re petition of Joseph Rosenthal.Petitioner claimed, his release from a commitment ona charge of abandonment. , His counsel argued that the cammit- - ment was invalid, inasmuch a s h o testimony was taken by the magistrate as to the means of tbe petitioner, j The Court held that it could not go behind the return aa to the magistrate's judg-ment on the testimony before him. . The prisoner could cake a certiorari to the General Term, where the whole matter could be reviewed. The prisoner wns remanded. It is alleged, in this case, that Mrs. Behrroan, the mother of Mrs. Rosenthal,, wa* posses»ed of some means; that the petitioner obtained some * 1100 or $900, and afterward abandoned his wife. Justice Bren- nan ordered him to pay $3 a week, which he did not do, andsome o f them, a r e sustained almost exclusively b y On the 15th of February Mr. Jefferson wrote M r . VL, and just a s h e was entering t h e hotel, a large women, the average proportion, of .men and womenMonre, two days before a choice was made:" If the Federalists would have been permitted to pass a law for putting the Government in tbe hands ofan officer, they would certainly have prevented a n election. But we thought it best to declare, one and all, openly and feirly, that the day such an act passed, the Middle States would arm, and that no such usurpa- tion, even f o r a single day, should be submitted to.—It is said that when Mr. Douglas was at Rutland,Irish woman rushed up and grabbed him in her arms, actually coming for books being about one of theto-dayhas been of that charaoter which makes men feel listless and indisposed to any activity; and that is just the state of the market. I t opened dull, con-tinued dull, and will close dull, leaving a pretty largestock on hand for sale to-morrow; and altogether thetrade has hot been as good a s i t was this day week,notwithstanding that was a rainy day, and this a clearone. Yet that was a business one, and this about thein bills o f the Shoe and Leather Bank, had taken tt* departure. The. Kieman immediately informed t h a police, and the arrest of Tompkins followed. A greaterand kissed him.,former to ten of the latter, although the names underpart of the stolen money was foand in his possession.He was taken before Justice Connolly, a t Jefferson Market, who committed him to answer. Tomplrino asserts that he is one of the notorious individuals wh» were connected with the brig Echo, a slaver, and say* tbathewastriedforpiracyatCharleston,S.C.How*which these, books are taken, are more equally divided Atchison .Alexander, esq., of Woodburn Farm, h a s between these two sexes. In many of these libraries—The Lexingtonsent to Mr. Ten Broeck two yearlings—one a bay filly,Observer o f the 4 t h says: " R .Annette, by imp. Scythian, o u t of Lexington's dam;Thisfirstshookth«m,"See. theother,abaycolt,byLexington,outofDucatoon,vakeofthebookisrequired.Thenumberandpros-hencetheimprisonmentdullest of all ihe dull days this year. Stock has soldat lower prices, although th e average is about th e he came through that trying ordeal h e does not rtatevby Wagner, andout of Picayune. The price paid was be returned to this country after h e r racing career isHe claims acquaintance with t h e notorious Capt. ' ried Henry B. Melville, in February, 1858. One child was bom, as it will be to.morrow if the same state of things con- Farnham of the Wanderer. 'the charge for books is $ 5 per year o r 10 cents per volume taken out; in the latter case, a deposit of the•JU-r*ssame as it was quoted in our report of last week, and Library,thespecialobjectofwhichistosupplythis andlivedapart Pendingnegotiationsforaseparation,thehus- tinuesthroughoutboth.days. Agoodmanyverypoor,portion of the great feminice demand for books, andpeted,andwellfurnished, andonitswallsinthe intoarecruitingoffice,inHudsonstreet,beingintoxicated.Hewas induced t o stay there two or three hours, but had no recol- ' orders were given to receive hiTM with all the honors space not yet occupied by bookcases, hang some fine lection of what sook place there. He set* forth tl at he had notengravings. The library has already four o r five been in the office since, but had been transacting his business induetohis rank. Time passed, andstill hedidnot thii,asusual. OnFriday lasthewasarrestedbyacorporal,on transactedbytheCommissionersattheir meetingyes-Wm. L.Haluted9000 Total. $J,fl»09' 100 00 Prev,ackjaowl«d«»d.. 1,713 00President. These were, however, its. earliest and bet- come. At last Major Weyler, who was in command thousand volumes, which Bliss Powell has selected a charge of desertion, and taken to Governor's Island, to be tried. terday. Officer Keed, detailed for duty at the Jeffersonter days. A great change has come over the body, in herself, and which she has been enabled to secure for The return to the writ set forth that the prisoner was duly en- Market Police Court, was sent to his Ward for post theeix-and-t-hirtyyearswhichhavepassedsince,the atKehl,receivedatelegraphicdifpatchasfollows: thispurpoeaatwonderfullylowprices,allthebook listedintheUnitedStatesArmy,andwasadeserter.Thelatter of these occurrences. I t then consisted of about " I leave to-morrow evening, and shall arrive at Kehl •150 members. I t has now 236. No longer filled with day after to-morrow evening, about 4 o'clock. Comepublishers to whom she has applied having manifestedthe caseywos adjourned to Saturday next at noon. outrage on the peroon of Catharine Murphy, on Sunday nightMH ;m?m;aM-•matheablestandmostconsideratemenofthenation,ittothestationtomeetmo.WIJU.TAM."Immediatelyasubstantialinterestintheinstitution.Indeed,theEx-RecorderTiitouundMr.Morroghfortheprisoner;Mr.dijmifcBed.TheresignationofOfficerCarloftheFif-wheresheianowconfinedtohnbedfromtbeinjuriessheanawhasdegeneratedinself-controlasmuchasithasfallen totalexpenditurethusfar,hasbeenbutabouta off' in ability. Twice within the last six years, it has tbe Major notified the civil and military authorities at thousand dollars. And yet the selection of books is a foundthegreatestdifficultyinelectingitsownspeaker. Kehl. HegaveordersthatalltheworkmenontheFrom t h e first Monday o f De ember, 1855, t o t h e bridge, and all the soldiers o f the engineers should be good one, mcluding much of the standard hterature ofVAGRANTCASE. teenthWardwasaccepted. Sixteencomplaintsthat tainedattheband*ofthernfhans. Thepriaoneraweretaken In re Catharine Forbes. before JuHtico Connolly yesterday, and locked up for exami-second day o f the following February, i t remained ready, in foil drees, at the time'of the Prince'B arrival. without a head. A similar interval of disorder, onlythelanguage,mainlyofthelightersort,insolidandand elegant binding. It is intended to add most of thevictionhadbeen61od Itwasalsoshownthatshewasamarried womrn, and lived with her husband. The Court said there were some serious questions in, regard to the law of the case, which he would examine into and decide on Saturday. •Theodore Stnyvesant for petitioner; Mr. Sedgwick opposed. CUNIN POINT.from one to twenty days' pay., CHAMBER OF COMMERCE REPORT.—The Annual Re- )«u d Geary. No. 150 W«»t Twenty-seventh street. On three dif-labor, aside from, their donations.of women, the largest benefactors o f the institution' thusfarhavebeenW.H.&S.C.Thomson,whorooir and !NEW-JERSEY ITEMS.H o wT o D o IT.—Merchants, wholesale a n dOrderly Sergeant, Henry Smith.0.but contesting the conatitutionality of the law, and the sufficiency of the Receiver's affidavits. The preliminary obje.jtion was made that defendant could not now object to the authority and the process that held him. The Court took the papers to deter- mine this objection.MASS MEETrNG.-r-Preparations are progressing for aratification meeting of the friends of Lincoln and Ham-City, N. J.-lin, in Jersey City, on the 5th of September.—ThemdDistrictAssemblyConventionofBrook-fromPort-au-Princeto6thinst.ThePresidenthad willproceed,bytheNorwichandWorcesterlineI Advertisement.]lyn indorsed Gov.Morgan's adminwtration most returned from histour to theNorth,wherehehadheartily, and paid Lieut-Gov. Campbell a n squal been exceedingly well received; and on his entry intcompliment, recommending the delegates t o g o fo r Port-au-Prince triumphal arches, fireworks, and publiPitiZE FIGHT:—Yesterday afternoon, a prizefightPOINT OF PRACTICE. ;/.£••'Trovers agt. Eighth Avenue Railroad Company. steamer VanderbUt, to Boston, where they will be re-HOYT'S HIAWATHA HAIR RESTORATIVE is thabeat article In the market for giving to gray or red hair * aUVltL«their re^nx>mination. They further .£««KW , That the i*te LegWataie of thl« State («dth bonotmbU, exception*) merito and receive* our hearty disappro- bation, and we oalt npon tbe Syraeoao Convention to repudiate is* corrupt action in oneqaivocal tomia.—The largest political gathering ever witnessed a trejoicings were the order of the day. Politically every thing was quiet, and likely to be go.i•.m'Marine Court, against the defendants, who appealed to the Gen- eral Term \vitbin the time allowed by statute, giving the ordinary S ^ ?L pa^rtalring In double the amount o f the judgment,remain in that city two days, and proceed thence to New-Haven, arriving there the 31st At New-Haven the Highwood Guards will in turn become the guests of the Blues. The excursion promises to be a fine affair, it being the first excursion ever, made by any military companies from separate States. The Boetonians areDELEOAT£S TO TH2 REPUBLICAN STATE CONVEN-AmoDg employesespeciTaollly oa that wonder of wondeTr*,. the OGiant Baby. 7 years ^, _nd weighing 857 pounds, the Wh«occurred at North Point, lyi»g between Jersey City and Hobo-ken, between n conple of biuiaero, named' Johri Foley and Mack,which was witnessed by about 100 persons. After pommelingeach other pretty thorongbly for nearly half an hour, Mack'sfightwasallknockedoutofhim,andbeingtenabletocometo riaintlttIssuedexecution.Defendantsthereuponappliedtoblack or brown.See advertisement i n another column. [Advertisement.]tune, his antagonist was declared the better man. >JudgeBrady to stay the execution until the appeal could be de- termined Plaintiff, by her Attorney., appeared and contested tlie application—under the ruling of the General Term o f theMayoM, London) is now engaged at FAHJHV PHOTONaxr-aic Awe , GAXUOIY (late Root'a), No 868 Broadway. Mr. F . aaaarea him patron, that the well-known »u periority of the picturo* from ths» establishment will be maintained.* i» [Advertisement.]REYNARD dk-Co.,PATKKT iiorBaKxwim'a Krru,Iayai.usm IKUBCT rowwos,A SDIT THAT OUGHT DTOT TO HAVE BEEN SUP- Common Pleas in Robert agt Bonnell, hi April last His Honor PRESSED;—Tbe last number of Tlic Morris Jersey-man remarked that the case cited undoubtedly held that there woano -TIOK.—Maduon County—Fixtct District, Samuel P . contains the following: - ' ' , . .. provision for staying proceedings in the .Marine Coart, on appealAthens. Me.,wascomposedofRepublicansonthe16th RussellofHamiltonandEnochL. Savageof George- •'Itisseldomthecasethat thesettlemeutrof alawsuitbythe toitsGeneralTerm;but from that opinion hedissented He x^akingpreparationsto givethe New-HavenandHo-inet. Tbe Hon. Anson Bnrfingame, of Massachusetts, was one of the speakers.parties can be esteemed in any sense a public misfortune, o u t a suit was to have been tried on Thursday lost, in this town, be- fore Cortland S , Hulse, esq., wbioh promised d«velopmentii so rich, racy, and important to the public at large, thatlt ought notsuggested that the Common Pleas obviouiry had control of th«esq., of/Newton,.against Mr. John B. Cox, of ^ « » TM % 2 i £ £ successful on appeal, would not b e enabled to coltect anythington-Bugs, Moths, Garden Inas^ta. Rota and Mloa. -and also beeanse Bogers did nothing, for Mm after he gotposses- onappeaL ' ' •" s •.-" Bf*^5?**««v fif-••>/"•-;. , s •'••>-••' .--•".',<''"• tiH the 30th inst*, owing to the ConiroHer'e absence sion of the note. Marshal Nelden, A H . Stanhurroogh, andGAS FIXTTJRES.—-Dealers aad o 1t wr r t w a n w No. 079 Broadway.www.fultonhistory.com/Onbehalfo fmade forrelief/B. Scranton, Executor.Scranton amotion i sretail, are ofan pwraled to know how to place their employe set whether this man will make a good aaleaman: that, a good ao- countont: this, a reliable and trustworthy oonfldenttal olerki that, acaahier, &c. A phreuologlcal description, o»W»ii<»- - ^ * - t»n out, would settle the question and indicate the axact piao«Valentine Deifenthater agt. Wm. G. Charetel..mi'„JHAIT6UST 23, 1866 — .-,-. *,,I.vt'.'-*rand w» had perfect arrangements tor furnishing a fail report, whichourreaders are cheated outofbytha settlemoutorthe matter. The bssis of settlement has not transpired; bmt there is a very lond whisper in certain ci'o'«s, to the effect th»t tbe witnesses clubbed together ana" paid the note, sooner than b e:COUBT—Avft,21—BtfomJwtio^HcCAaXKx.• :tgifpfi**acted in avery fwrocious manner, and bit the lad twice o n the.for precept denied. No precedent or authority to be found for enforcing a final decree, as sought by motion.•This is an action-in foreclosure, in which there was aMr. Morrison for Tax Receiver; E. Delafield Smith for defen- dant.mm *wmminterests and rights are sacrificed to the interestoof the smell butThere has been so much controversy as to the neces- hand. The cat bas had sore feet for several days, and it is ap- powerful class who- hold slaves. We, of course, withhold the Cricket Cfround, Elyaiau Fields, Hoboken.thatwehavemadesome investigationsastothe rela- 'cotout,andmedicalassistanceobtained.ItisfearedhemaybeJudgment had be+n given a t Special Term in the ceived b y the 2d Regiment, Col. Cowdin. They willjuojrment suit o f the Marine Court, and that he would certainly pi0 B efor1' A? «he deficiency in the constitution of the Marine Gen- eral Term, by staying tbe execution oh terms. He remarkedthat• .•••••' I »- •V aaxurvwmora**NEW AND DANGEROUS CouNTERmT.—The editor of covertheamountofapromissorynotegiventarlobbyservice "onl"ieadveiseparty,astheymightbetotallyirreupbmdble. Peterson'sPhiladelphiaDetector^endausthefollowing PrtucipalDepot,No.Ifi7Broadway.SoldbyallAfter heariagthe jjarties. the Judge took the papers, and! will . suggeit the form of a bond to bo given by- defendants, and there- upon staying all proceedings on the execution until the decisioninformation o f a new counterfeit five-dollar note, on[Adyertisement][Ady*rtisement.J ...-•=• i^A^XsI•i Siand o no nMEETING::••"••" iJEffDER.-/' -":•-.The note hi •'•'i.•'•' •FROMDA:"POOR•., THE SOUTH '.'-. BULL Is HE AD—New- York Cattle Market,James B. Welle agt. Lawrence H . Wells.—Order Aug. 21.—The market opens this week with 3,975 He was shown to his room aiw a seasonable hour, andJames Cangale agt. PatrickGray, &c.—Motion de-.Wm. Carroll agt. J . Devoe.—Judgment, opened o n last week, are of a good fair quality for retail marketnied, with $7 costs.The mother of the petitioner alleged-thats h e mar-OUTRAGE ON A WOMAN.—Officer Hutchinson of thocounsel for the petitioner desired time to traverse the return, and duty. The complaint preferred against Reed for re- who are altered to be of tbe crowd who committed a n inhumanShe_ applied for her release, inasmuch as no record of her con- considered i n fall board, a n d t h e delinquents fined>ARREST OFJUVENILE BURGLARS.—AndrewGov-ernor, John fli'cnr, and John Staples, three TOOMboy», were yesterday arrested and t«ken before Justice Connolly, charged with having broken Into the wooden-ware manufactory of R-'w^ceiving $7 50 for tbe purpose o f settling a case, w a s lant The unfortunate gt'l Uvea at No 236 w4at Fifteenth street,McGregor opposed.Thepetitionerinthiscaeewascommitted»savagrant. hadbeentriedbytheCommissionersseparately,were nation.Immigration, & c ,illustrated by clearcomparisons. Decimal Coinage,Trade witho n eUNIONo n theST A TECoolieEXECU-the Wnnttbest of all talented Juvenile perfbrmoea, the VVaair FAMrtr.OF THENA TIONAL•I t China;Haven commanded by Capt. Willis Bristol, jr., visit New-Y ork and vicinity on the 29eh inst., aud will b e the guests of the High wood Guards of Hoboken, Capt. John P . Newkirk. The Blues will be entertained upon their arrival with a dinner, after which both companies, accompanied b y Dodworth's full baud,make private examtnatlona [Advertiaemeot ] •DR. H . JAMES'S NEVER FATLINO RECIPE l o rCon-umpUon, Asthma, Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds and Nerrooe Debility, will be sent to any person on the receipt of a Sees* sUmp for return pontage. Addrea* O. P . Baoww it Co., Jeca<«explana- excellent and Measures;.•TitleandStatearmsaboveonrightend,blacksmith,anvil, patternsnowonhassl WaaWIS,PaCKfcG<N mmmtoum*the Manufacturers^ Bank of Brooklyn, N. Y .:Mr. Carpenter for plaintiff; Mr. Van Vtebk for defendants and. of-the Bank across t>ody of the note; child witih lamb to ©all at our great depot for Gas Flxtoroa A « a»^»f*iJ^'E. J.Wool*ey/:1000 00 W.A.BOOTH,Trewnrer,No.95FrontttreeC»NinlhWardy<»sterdayorreatedJameaBellandJatne*Foley,old, and welghicg 257 pounds, the What la It, AlWnos.Bea Lion, fee,aretobeseepattbesametimewithoutextrachargeMR. E. MAYALL (from the celebrated Gallery ofinata Bedboga, Ow The only truly reliable articles t o extermmaU-*0Sm  