 THE STATE OE Ow» Oerwtpoadwi*.depredatior s H wasvainly attempted to drcutnacriboandTObelievers; that the Chriatianajshonld no longer bepolicy is excluaively an Eastert one; he leaves the struggle of principles to the "Western Powers, and earea excluaively fox Ruasia'i interest and the extinction of the Turkishpow«r. But ths policy ef interests, as opposed to the j olicy of principles, ef the late Emperor Nicholas, csinnot be carried out without a French alliance, Auwria being too weak cither to assist or to frustrate sich schemes, whiletotters on the very brink of bankruptcy, but, some: how or other, the money is found for feeding an im- mense army, and crowding the fortresses of the Quadrilateral with rifle cannon. And Russia, where all the monetary operations of the Government have failed, and the national bankruptcy is talked of as a probablo event—where the army grumbles ia conse-. quence of arrears not paid, and even the loyalty of the Imperial Guard is put to a severe test, their pay baviog been withheld for the last five months—NATLES, Aug.I might now bave been writing a sad story of dis- flpters; bnt, thank God, we have well escaped a greatal of which have lost me the confidence of the King and hia Ministers, at tbe same time that they have.EUROPE.ceived in their expectations.Not a few of ttese, how-.nourjeir g from; the palace ef Palermo to this generous. TCRIN, jEngnat 2?, I860.Austria. Francia Joaepb, bov ever, agrees to re-counterbalanced by* extraordinary gold exports. to see at all. The f"tm of the condition it is true,tt>« vital interests of England and the uninterrupted Russia, nevertheless, is pouring her troops down toSARDINIA.WetranslatefromTheMilitaryGazette,ofTurin, morrowmorning.This,ofcourse,putsanendtoall.evidentsomereactionary blow was threatened. publishedbyThePresseofthecircumstancesaccom-tbe following details as to the military preparations in operations until bis arrival. •'•;".• Among ether things, his royal Highness urged the sup- panying bii> departure f< om Naples, and the order beingThe Carlo Alberto, Sardinian screw frigate, which pression of the liberty of the press,, the dissolution of brought to him by bia old tutor, General Palumboare,Piedmont: .. *\ has been going about between Palermo aud Me?sioai tbe National Guard, a change of Miniatere, more espe- are perfectly correct, with the single exception of bie" France has sent 50,000 rifles at a reduced price, has turned up again, after a short absence. Of a'l cia'ly as regarded Liborio Romano, who has been the having hoisted the Brazilian. Aug on hi* yacht. Heand is to send us more, as well as a considerable num- temptations which are within s:ght .of our soldiers from idol of tbe people, and who was at first recommended would have shrunk from the idea of replacing thoThe following letter was written by the King to Count dAquila at the moment of his departure: ." NAPX.KS, Aug. 13." My very dear Uncle : At the moment in which you are about to quit our.nat&'ve land, I cannot prevent my- self from writing a few lines to you, to give you, with all the affection you know I bear to you, an adieu. Icommunication,withIndiaarebcundtotheintegrity of the Turkish Empire. The Sjrian troubles may, therefore, easily gwo rise to m ^ e serious diffi ^ul- tie* and-it is under the adviee-of the English Em- bassador that the Turkish autioriiaes display anunexpected activity and energy The Pashas of - Damascus and Beyront have aire ady been dismissed and arrested, arid will certainty be executed, and the Druse chieftains, too, will have to pay for their cruelty with their lives. Before) the French expedi-. tion can arrive, Syria muwfc be ret tored to order, andtheBlackSea,andholds200shipsreaayatNico.-laieff, in order to embark them for Turkey. Theinability of the Russian Government to cope withthe slave question, the money question, and the re-viving Polish question, seems to have decided it totry war as a last resource .of national soporofiea-•the continent, none i* greater than that of this fine vee- to bis Majesty by the Prince himeelf; and, lastly, the' I'alian tricolor which was waviog over hia head'by any ber of guns of large caliber, powder and munitions. tiel, and no end of sighifg is there gpmg on on account exile of the emigrants who have just returned. Sus- 0 v er.j •themassacreof.thejChristiansrevenged. Suchis followingextractfromtheInvalulcmaybeconsid- ' t h e imperious advice ofEngland to the Sultan; but," er* d a fair sample: ' ..•'.'wo?kongun-carriage?andcarts;andallthisinaddition orswhohavelefttojoinourtroopsarerigorooaly gerandtobereadyatthesignalgiven,andforany amjereuadedthatyouwillaccepttheseassurances, to the great activity of the Government areenals, in sought after, hnd sent back if found. work assign-d them, and many were to introduce them- which proceed from the depth of my heart. I ask you,unfortunately, the Mocamedan fi naticisin cannot so easily be repressed as the Turkish Cabinet may wi>h. While Fuad Pasha is arre Jting and punishing the authors and abettors- of the murders of the Lebanon, theMetnahs of Baalbejhave renewed themassacres, and sacked the hah; tations,*4 The Oriental question has reached a s4age which is certain to keep it before the Powers for a long time to come, and, af» it now engrosses the attention of all Europe, it would •ill become us to leave it undiscussed in our column?. Tho?e only who are indifferent to the interests of humanity can allow this topic to pass bywhich the number of the workmen is at least tripledWithin a very few months, the artillery has been al-AUGUST 19.—Garibaldi returned yesterday'moming j selves; among tbe National Guard^, and do everything in the name of our mutual affection, to pend meauynews from Palermo. He only stopped for a moment at the they could to corrupt them, or to disgust the people by concerning yon, which you may feel convinced Iahail Faro, and then came down to eee tbje " Queen of Eu- their excesses. 'In,1 fact, many such persons have been alwaye receive with joy; in whatever position I may.them among his old brigades, Pianciani and some tbe first Mttine of the Paris Congress, were made to in-few republicans now found onj; that Garibaldi clude the following words: 'The rights of thewaa not piogre8sive enough, gave in-their resigna- ' xayahB will be protected, without prejudice, how- tion, andretu'rned^to Genoa, while Mazzini, who ' ever, to the independence and sovereign dignity of'the Sultan. Austria, France, Great Britain, and '.tbe Porte, are of accord respecting the maintenance ' of the Turkish Christians in the enjoyment of their ' political and religious rights; and they will request ' the consent of Russia to this proposition in the instrn- ' jnent of peace.' •no where less than two miles, in face of ten war steam-, thence. These representations, as I said, produced family took refuge in the Brazilian vessei-of-war ble distance without any accident, the guidesfor some months has lived on the } Riviera under dis-suise, werjt himself to Sicily. Gi iribaldi, when in-formed of p i s movement, said at) once that if M'az-arini came"to Sicily for his pleasure, and in orderto see how things were going, j ae was welcome,butif heconspiredheshouldJhave him shot.*4;Italy and Victor Emanuel," he sa id, *' i<- my watch- other sit'ipgs, as may be seen from the minutes of thedone.** word, arid I do not allow anybodj to raise any other *' flag." These and similar declarations have reas- sured Count Cavour, as well as thb Emperor Napo- leon; still, the latter wishes now! to precipitate the affairs of I aly anyhow, since he fei trs that in the long run even Caribaldi may not be ah e to keep revolu-tion within proper bounds.As far an we know, an important force of Gari-baldians hnded at Capo Deliaroiji, in Calabria, on:20th of Februarv, and of the ^'4r.h and 25th(of March. In ail this, it was cresirous of attaining two objects mutu- ally destructive of e-ich other—to preserve the sove- reign rights of the Sultan, and to place those of his Christian subjects under the guardianship of Europe. The Cor>gre8» altogether forgot that the same rights of the Christians,- which it .was so desirous of establish- ing, had been conceded over and over again by the Porte in its previous treaties with Europe—treaties which,.moreover, had already abolished the sovereign power of that moTia»ch, who^as Europe now said,the continent beyond the Straits. The position wasfavorable enough for such a plan. The north-eastern , point of the hdaud tapers off toward the Faro point, so that at Messina it is scarcely more than from live to sixties for procuring food and water. Besidee, the organ- not been for the providential discovery of it. the streetsization of 6,000,' which had taken place likewise by -of Naples would have now been overflowing withmeans of the Committee, had not the elements reqdisite blood. Now'se to the objects to be accomplished by for succeee. Garibaldi saw this as Bodn as he formed this murderous project. The Mazzinian Comitato hadover a eteep and long slope of snow. The two guides at theend of the rope made every effort in their power to arrest their progress, but in vain, and seeing that they were all upon the point of being launched. over the precipice, they let go the rope, forced their hands and feet into the snow, and stopped themselves as by a miracle at the very verge of an abyss, into which their unfortunate companions were immediately plunged. They mace tbeir way to the foot of the precipice,where tbey found three bodies in such a sad condition, as to leave no doubt of the fate of the fourth, and then has-tened down to Cormayeur, where they arrived soon after 8 o'clock. ' ' '"The foregoing ia the account given by M. Curie, the Vaudoia pasteur of this place, and almost in hia own word*. The only point that seems to call for ex- planation ie the fact of the travelers being tied together byarope,forwhichthereis.noneedontbiaside"ofthe Col; butj as Tairraz was a most experienced guide, wethe 20th, ater some six hundred nit-n ha.l previouslysucceeded n crossing the Straits I on the t)th, 13th, ought to be assisted in its maintenance. To establish a* and 17th. The main force of the pictator is, how- little harmony between these two contradictory points, the Suhan, while induced to issue the celebrated fJatti ever, still b i the camp of Faro, probably to make a Bumayoum. was acknowledged to have acted from bisdescent fur her north. •From Oar Or ra CorrcirpondeuL* LONDON, Aug. 25, 38(50.own.fr*e will and sovereign inclination. So he had to promise that he would respect and increase the rights ofhisChr'8'iansuhje^tg,andthispromisewasreceived into the treaty of peace, by way of guaranty for itsi-tion. The complaints arising from all parts of thechurches, The flames * quenched in the mountains rise more fearfully be- yond the Desert, and Aleppo, Grfa, and Diar- bekir may, at .- any lnomeii becomo the •cene of new 'persecutions, i One remedy might indeed he successfully: applied to this crisis, the erection of Syria into j. Viceroyalty simi- lar to that of Egypt. Abd-el-Katler would ortainlybe the fittest person to restrain Ihose communities,but the Algerine Chief is well ki own now to be a ' t o o l of the French Court, and hei is an Arab, not a Turk. France ha* an ioterestj in reestablishing the Arabian supremacy in the Ea st. But England, en the other hand, opposes Turk sh apathy to- Ara- bian restlessness, and fears lest tie downfall of the Turkish Empire shall endanger thepeace of Europe.Thusweeeeacloudrisinginthe|Eastthreatening a thunderstorm, while the West}»likewise seriously disturbed. Garibaldi's camp is!now the trysting- place of all the revolutionary elemc nts of Europe, and a o t only fall* tlje conservative powers with anxiety and fear, but alarms even the Cabi let of Turin Some ef Garibaldi's friends had planned an expedition tothe Roman States, underthecomiaand of Pianciani, Gandini, and Nicotera, and abodt Sf000 men were equipped for this invasion. I t w$ s not without diffi-culty thatFarini, the Atinisterof Jlome Affairs, couldinduce thtan to embark for SicDj, and in order towatch the«e restless bands, the Sardinian fleet accom- feing accorded for their fulfillment. As early as the panied them. The volunteers si>pped in the Bay 8th of August, 3854, when the cessation of hostilities •f Maddal^na, and declined to go fi^ rther, as they sup- was contemplated, the Porte was called upon to grantposed that Garibaldi himself would leave an equal share of religious rights to its Christian and Sicily onj the 13th, and meet them in Sar- Mu?su man subjects. Tbe same demand was raised bydinia. Bqt be disapproved* of! the Roman ex- the St. Petersburg Cabinet in the memorials of the 20th my, even of moderate width and depth, is always a se- December, 1854; and finally, the preliminary condi- rious undertaking; it is considerably more so to cross a pedition, carried the 8,000 volunteers to Palermo, tions of peace drawn up at Vienna on the 1st of Feb- stream with formidable currents and counter-currents | dissolved at once their battalions!, and distributed ruary, loSttj and afterward embodied in the minutes of of several hundred fathoms in depth, and of a widthoand monasteries of the Christianstaken in order to do away with such an unnararal state of things', forming, as it does, the disgrace of our century and civilization.eyes at it. At the same time the. order was given to} expected arrival of these, intelligence had been com- wardfor our families. I pray that you may accord toAlas!' Europe in this respect put her faith in words, napere, and document*, without any solid security"ThesameobjectcccupifdtheCongreseinvariousBefore he left, it had been decided to make a conver-sion of our front, and while keeping up appearancestowaidtheStraits,choosesomepointonthenorthernshore whence to make a descent to some.other part of pecure enough, but at the same time afforded no facili- on fox the movement waa in fact the 16th, and had it with him bis two companions, with the three guides,Jate letter as to the^ inevitable farther rise in the dicted, has remained a dead letter. But, worse than shore and in tbe villages along it. In the meantime quotations of the grain market. T le recent meas- this—Europe, in virtue of the new treaty, is deprived the teles de colonnes were directed toward the north.of allTight of legal interference, even .though the Hatti The first brigade of Cosenz went up by the little vil- men taken by France in regard to the corn trade Ilnmayoum may riever have been executed, and not- lages of Saro Superiore, Santa Lucia, .Santa Nicola,brings thai •country into direct c< unpetition with withstanding tne perpetration of the most horrible and Santa Giorgio.; The brigade Saccbi, which occu-atrocities, only four yenrs after its issue. Quite recently, pied the positions of.Faro Superioie and Ganziri, on the British corn merchant. You are aware that Russia warned all the Cabinets'of Europe that the the second of the lakes, crossed the ridge and wentfall, tbe expedition started. The exact point for disem- • Active measure? are now beingt&ken to find out hid-barking has not been fixed. It will deuend entirely on den arms, and discover all the threads of conspiracy,circumstances. But. as the whole attention of the Ne- for, though the chief has left, his coadjutors remain, apolitans is attracted in another direction, it is t*be and if they and their projects are not brought to lighthoped that the landing will be effected without obsta- much evil may stiljjbe donel Tbe Count of Aquila, cles. The course was. taken directly for the nearest according to the articles of his marriage, is bound toIf the.landing reside much of his time in Brazil, which it is now hoped succeeds, the intention is to make an atjtack to-day on will occupy him for the-re3t of his natural life. His re- Keggio. turn here would compromise tbe tranquillity of It is now noon; and no ball news has come, so we the country, and be attended with infinite risk to him-eelf. 'Thus the arniy is again widowed, but only for a short to the office I eaw,a telegram which had arrived the time. The second brigade of the Division Tiirr is night before. The truth is that tho wire haa been cut ready to follow in the same direction, that is toward .several times, but then it is mended directly. -In a let-there exist* in France a aliding a< sale, regulating fanaticism of the Turks had diminished neither in zeal down to Spadafora. The first brigade ol the division nor fierceness; that new outbreaks were soon to be Medici received orders to move up by the main roadthe import and export duties on irain, and that expected, although, indeed, there had never been any toward Spadafora. J•this sliding scale varies for the eig it different cir- intervs.1 of relaxation. But even then Europe was While thus a part of the forces threatened in thoseare hopeful and trusting to Garibaldi's s;ar. A sigualhas been agreed upon to show the aucceas of the laud-ing, but it is only calculated for the night. In themean time people have been sent in chat direction, aud labrias,:but the Piazza abounds in dispatches, with the the semaphores cautioned to watch whatever may fullest details. I was told on Thursday that the tele- occur, on the other side. .graph from Eboli to Reggio was inactive* but on goingcles which the whole country is divided -into with satisfied with the promises of the Porte, and indulged two directions the division Tiixr prepared for a passage herself in the hope that the guilty parties would be pun- lower down. The first brigade, which had gone to xespect to the corn trade. Now, by a decree ished, and law and order speedily restored. It need- Monte, Castiglione, and several otJhdr towns in the published in The Moniteur of the 23d inst., this ed the wholesale slaughter at the banc's of these Etna district to put.down some disorders which had sliding scale has been altogether su mended. The savages to effect a change in her opinions. Then at taken place there, received orders to move up to Taor- «tecree enacw that grain and flour imported by land length "Europe resolved to interfere, though not without mina, or rather Giardini, a village at the foot of it, su<n delay and circuml,pcution as would justify the be- wbile the second brigade, which had been before sentWe have no official news of importance from "the Ca-or by sea, jin French or foreign vessels, shall,' wherever they may come from, only pay, up to the lief that ehe intended to let the guilty ones escape. in the direction of the Faro, was sent off to join it.FROMMEXICO.30th of September, 1861, th^minioiuoc of duties fixed Everything was made to depend on the letter of the treaty of the 30th March, 1856; and, just aa in thehy the law of the 15th of April, 18.32; also, that ves- case of Italy last year, the sutferinOT of h people ae]a laden with grain ana noar sh; ill be exempt •weighed nothing against the text of a diplomatic docu-from tunnage dues; and finally,, that j essels so laden ,ment.leaving any foreign port at any date x revious to/the " But our opinion on all this is very different. Thesaid 30th of September, 1861, shal only pay the ' treaty of Europe with Turkey, in our eyes, guarantees Very shortly after Garibaldi's arrival at Messina seve- said minimum, and shall, be free from tunnage tbeprinciplee of humanity, religion, and civilization. ral of the most prominent patriots of the Pontifical dues. The minimum referred to, it 25 cents the If Turkey violates these principles, she alone brings poeeeseion8 came over here to combine a plan of attack hectolitre (allout2% bushel*). Consequently, while upon herself the interference of Europe. on the Pontifical provinces. It was decided that it" Entil the year 1856, the Powers of Europe, in vir- thould take place eimulianeauidy with the descent on F r a n c e m t i e years 1858 and 18; >9 sent more tue of several treaties concluded with the Porte, the continent, about the middle of this month. 6,000 wheat—2,014,923 ^quarters—and nore fioxii— owned a legal right of remonstrance respecting the men had keen collected and prepared for this coup, and 4,326,435 cw|.—to England thanjany other country, position of the Christian rayahs. To-day, however, an insurrection was at the same to break out in the i t will now seriously compete with JE ngland in the it may be.queetioned wht"ther or not this right hae be>en Papal States. The 6,000 men were to be taken in abrogated by the treaty of the 30th March, 1856. Has batches to the island of Sardinia, and then be fetchedled him to appeal to the women in the following proc- lamation:have by telegraph) is the fact of the Count d'Aquila, the brother of the King of Naples, writing a long ex- culpatory letter to the Opinion Rationale on the in- stant of his arrival in Paris. The Opinion treats thepurchase of grain m thb foreign marl >ets—the pro- by steamers from Palermo and (hrown across the main- visional suspension of the French aiidirjgscale afford- Europe resigned the privileges- of protecting its co-ing the wanted facilities for such comt etition. The religionists 7 It has if ft ever reckoned uponthe execu land.tion of tbe Hatti-Humayoum, of the J8th February; if The descent on the continent from Sicily was to betwo main markets of export which 1 oth England it ever believed that reforms promised are one aud the' regulated by the readiness of the preparations in Sar- »nd France find themselves limited to t re the buit<;d same with reforms carried out; if it over hoped that dinia, 8nd when these were completed the signal was States and Southern Russia. In regan [ to the latter the customs, passions, and laws of the Mussulmans are to be given here likewise. Last night or this morningting himself named Regent.I am (shys the Count, in aubBtauce) tin Italian atGov.. Vidaurri h^s enforced another loan on the for- eign merchants at Monterey, and with -the ultimaturnr thut they could pay in five daya or leave the State-."••mm-ragfNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY^ SEPTEMBER 10, 1860.J-Z.mmwk m^ M j•amme w*,.upi»i*n now transcribes textuallv from main oo the defenaive, and clawa no support BO There is, moreover, the fact that the bullion reserves might have been less effective than it is; if the letter th* two large 84-poun<5erB, she wtjl'be of greit use. La Cfliroliof Pavia. a rich, nchle, and beloved ma a note of tbe Count d Aquila's handwriting: •in the Bank ofEngland have, since 1857, not only not of the treaty ruled supreme. Europe, in virtu* of the 9th clause, has formally resigned her right of interfer- exceeded the average amount, but were continually ence in the internal affairs of Turkey; but even in thisNews arrived to-day from the little band which has tron, had four sons. • One died at Varese on the body of been sent across into Calabria. 1 Thev are all safe in an Austrian whom he had killed; the eldest, Benedet- the part of tbe main chain of the Apennines close to to, you bave at Palermo, scarred with the wounds he" A etropg loyal and compact .ministry".'" A proclamation at ooce firm and constitutional ra- which the mimVrv should unreservedly declare it*'at-long as it is Italy only which attack a him, since he believe* himself atrong enoufh to resist Garibal- di arid Victor Emanuel, and the Prince Kegeat at laat premises to bring about a h etter nnderstanding between Raasia and Austria thajn baa heretofore ex- ited! Thisi»inanbatancethekerbalagreementof Teplitz, to which all the Prince B of Germany willAustria remains stationary and despotic, while the other principal exchanges of the Continent, viz: sidering that thesituation of the Christians has notbeen fallen into tbe bands of the Neapolitans. field, crowned with tbe aureole of victory, and bleeeed "The destruction of the maritime and other meansPrussia represents progress ant. constitutionalism, Amsterdam, Frankjort, Hamburg, and Paris. ameliorated, but on the cont-ary, rendered worse than Ave. 17.—The last two days iiave passed Without even by tboee enslaved andipuffering peoples who have at the disposal of Garibaldi, if it be 'vriahed to prevent»' • '•This morning it became known [that'Garibaldi hadarrived at Palermo, and would be here to-night or toj- his tone was so decided in its change that it wasempire, and all ranks of Russian society, are con-' The foundries of Sweden, Belgium and England, as of the strict order not to touch the vessel.' With thq picions gave rise to investigations, and it was ascer-aequently, by Government order, drowned in the well as the most renowned gun factories of Europe, are crew and not a few of the officers rather disposed to tained that the Count had enlisted a number of men in bis Eerviee at, some pay, a piastre a-lay* and therefanatical cry of revenge for the poor, down-trodden at work for the Sardinian Government. The best have a share in the transac iocs here, it is thought that are those who affirm that tbey themselves were tam-Christians of Turkey. Day by day the Russian foundriesinPiedmont,amongthem those ofAnsaldo^ itwouldrequirelittlepereuisi'vefor^etogetpossession peredwithbythePrinceandrefus*dhisoffers.Capeandpress teems with illustrations and demonstrations as &, ^Robertson at St. Pierre dArena, have enormous or- < f the veseej. But the orders are positive. We are on ' nnifoimSof the faehb-n worn by the Nat;onal Guard were intimate terms with Piedmont; soi. the Carlo Alberto alBO brought into Naples, and a great quantity of arms. to ihe necessity of an intervention in Tuiicey. The ders. Other makers, especially in Lombardy, are at remains wiihin sight but beyond reajch. • Even the sail- The men were to be armed with a revolver auda'dag-been looking and looking acroes this narrow streak of water, examining the forts, watching the gunboats and steamers, observing tbe glittering muskets, -listening to tbe reports of mueketry and guns, enumerating the Bigtfal lights and flashes. The water-line was like the chalk-line which, once drawn, retains with magic at- traction the fowl placed before it, and no one ever im- agined that something else was taking place all thewhile, and tbaVthe plans were changed.Garibaldi had left but some sparks of his spirit hadremained—that spirit which organized the marches audcountermarches in Lombardy,' and which brought us toAlthough all precautions had been taken to create the belief that the 6 000 men. like eo. many of their prede- ce&sors, were destined for Sicily, thejir real destination oozed out, and# warm representations were made from Turin not to complicate matters by brioging inthe Papa) question before the Neapolitan is quite decided. Iuaeed, the day before Bertani left, Farini himself came to Genoa to urge the matter in person, while Major Trecchi came with similar representations on the p'art of tbe King. The former would probably have produced but little effect; npt so the laUer. As I nave often told you. Garibaldi hae a kind of chivalrous attachment to* the King as a symbol ofdecision of. tbe Council to his Majesty, who was, ofthe gates of Palermo.Tne passage of a water-line in face of a strong ene- Italian unity. The only representation made Was thaters, to which we have none to oppose, and of four heavy batteries, half a dozen gun-boats, and a force at least equal to our own alo'-g the coast. All these were just the circumstances to inauce a good geueral to at- tempt a descent on some other point, while all atten- tion waa concentrated on this one, and' Garibaldi was the last man to overlook this advantage.their effect, but as.the dispositions wjere, according to' By the.se dispositions a descent was prepared toward the eastern and southern coast of Calabria, to ward the western and toward the Straits.ter which Gariba'di has written to one of hiapartv herehe e x - , " " - ' '' presses his disappointment and disgust i at theNeapolitans, and declares' he will not make hia appear- ance until Naples has boon in a state of insurrection for a month. .These descents were, however, dependent on the operations which Garibaldi himself haa gome to super- intend; and it is time to say >sor£ething about these.tbe eastern coast, while the others at the same timev* ill make a combined movement on the western coast . and in the etraits.A • 0GARIBALDI TO THE WOMEN OF SICILY.According to a letter in the Pr'essc, ,the want of self-reliance and persevering energy of the mem of Sicilyhas occasioned Garibaldi some disappointment, and haa ring reports of Garibaldi's progrees, which von willDEFEA T AND FLIGBT OF M1RAMON. From tAt Ar. O. Delta, Uii intt.By the arrival of the steamship Austin we have re- ceived tho following news from Mexico:Adv.ess from Mexico state that the Liberals gained a victory over Miramon at Lagos, on the 10th of Aug.. in which General Miramon and hia second in oommana were wounded. Miramon wsis surprised by Gen. Doblado, in command of the Liberals, and aiter five days desperate fighting Miramon had to retreat, leaving all hie artillery, and many prisoners, in the hands oi Doblado. The forces were greatly diaproportioned, Miramon having only about 2,000 men, while Dobaldo had a force variously estimated from 10,000 to 18,000 men. Miramon, with his cavalry, fled in the direction of the city of Mexico. The Liberals are ia the highest state of excitement, and saiu'es had been fired at Mata- nioras on the arrival of every courier.the Rio Grande, awaiting some change in events, or in tho Government of the State of Loon. Certain parties in high authority in tho Suite of Tamaulipas me said to be Jurnitthing arms and ammunition and soliciting men, for the purpose of assisting the Revolutionists iu Nueva Lecn in overthrowing Vidarri.Tire threatened war -between Mexico and Spain is not popular hi Matanioras; because the people fear tftt(peoples, has been gained for Sicily, thanks to themanly resolution of the Sicilians, and. the generous aid veniently published at length, merely driven an analysis of their brethren of the continent. Liberty, difficult .of it, Ihe object of the Countyd'Aquila'B explanations to gain, if more difficult to keeo, as all Italy for ages is to protest .against tho double7 imputation .that, he has hae experienced to her cost. Sicily w such a country conepired againet the liberties of hie' country, and that that tuero is no need in her case to recur to foreign his- be contemplates supplanting his royal nephew by get- tories to fiiid examples of all kinds of civic virtues, andthe women there have at all times displayed a couragdcountry, the news as to the state of the harvest is of capable of a change. But, of conrse. Europe never was fixed as the probable date for this contingency, which hae astonished the world. From the women ofihemostcontjfadictorycharacter. Onbeonehand, was,nevercouldhe,ofthatopinion.Carriedawayby anditwaswiththisviewthatthepreparatory•move- Syracuse,whocutofftheirtressestomakeropesof heart,andIaddressmyselftoajournalwhichIknow'Manyhaveadoptedthelatterplau,andarenowonit is asserted tbat the harvest is moat >lentiful; on the belief that the integrity of the Ottoman Empire is ments were begun yesterday afternoon. Up to the them in the old Koniau days, to.those of MeBsiua, who to be sincerely devoted to Italy, and against whim Iifce other, thai henry rains and high i loodfr having a Mine ana non for the balance of power, she allowed present time this signal has not been given, aud conse- encouraged,their relatives to.attack a bombarding hoBt, have no complaint to make, although it advocates opin-damaged* ^h^ crow.in all p&rt» of the Empire, the tbe Sultan to enter into her family of States. /But this quently the dispositions are suspended. * there are valiant deeds of this sex in this island. The ions, which-are not mine, to help me to repulse calumui- was only accorded on the condition that Turkey, dis- The night parsed'.away qnieily and without the Vespers, abo, an event unparalleled in the history of OUB accusations. I am not,1it is tame, for the union-ofxoads and con i~fieJd* of the southern p -ovinces had severing herself Mm Maasuhnau traditions," sbooia be- slightest Qisturbanee-r-a thing which considerably puz- nations, p?hv fair islanders lighting by the side of the Italy except in theory, and with a view to tho time been greatlv' devnjgtuted by locusts, a scmrge which come European in her institutions; thata sword'should zled those who hud seen all the preparations going on. combatants for national independence. w hich, in my opinion, is not yet come.' But I am amade its first Appearance in Bessarabia, and whose no longer be the only law-giver between believers No ,ariug; no movements, and people went to bed de-•; *J zhveeli' (1 recall the occation with emotion}, in de- citizen, I know nothing finer than to live as a citizen in Que"a own country, uuder the protection of ixee in-%v •>•-—-^iaaaaiwww.fultonhistory.comv, "/•/. M mms*«" a ."^Kv:'#•Btitutiona; and I am so far from coveting the sovereign within a limited area by an army of 20,000 men the slaves of their, masters and the property of the royal ever left their ebuensfe rather precipitously this morn- people the humiliating pretensions of their tyrant. power that I s»Yfral times refused in the Brazils, when 1dfa wing a cordon around them. The ultimate ex- rayahs cease to*form the common piundering-ground of ing, when the sound of cannoii was heard from the heard a groaning repeated by the women who crowded several American republics asked me to be their king. tent of the disaster cannot, of course, be eatamated, MuEsu'mans. This, indeed, was the leidi^g idea of harbor. Imaginations were so busy with the descent the balconies, deep enough t<» turn an army pale, and I respect the crown upon the head of others, but I Europe in 1856. With all its wrath against Russia, tbe on Calabria, and the threats of Clary'to bombard the that groaping waa the death-sentence of tyranny. should detest it on my own. Ever since the aioeeaion but at all events it must tend to accelerate the up- natmal consequence of a sanguinary and unjust war, tovn in euch a.case, that the first impression waa that ^ Sicily is free, it is true; a single citadel only remains of my nephew, Francis TI.. I have continually advised Thesecretoi\th$T©aolaik>nstikenbythewardmovementoffoodprices.SomeLondonpa-,itdidpotreleasethePortefromitsprevious botheventshadtakenplace-sjjberewasageneralmthepoweroftbeenemy;butelevenyearsago,Sici-himtoTevive-beconstitutionof1848,andlpredictedPxiaceEeg^tJtandtte Emperor of Auatra perafancythatthedrainofbullioninseparablefrom obligations; but, on tbe contrary, demanded rushtowardtheMarina,wher>l,howeveralfappre- lianvalorachievedthesameresult;andjyetthatfree thathewouldbebeforelongforcedtoproclaimit,but at Tepbtx haa at laat oo»sd out, and fully large and sudden corn imports may be counterbal- a progressive improvement in tbe situation of the htneions were soon quieted by seeing that the cannon- land, through not having chosen to make a last'effort, too late. However, when the day of trial came, and anced in its usual effect upon the money market by Christian*. To secure the attainment of this object ade came from the French min of-war Descartes, fell back intoslavery, was trodden, once more under when what I had p-edicted happened, I did my utmost •on firms my account of a coaliti >n against Napoleon the gold supplies- from Australia. No notion was the only purpose of the common protectorate of which saluted tbe 15th OfAugustj mercenary feet, and brought to a worse condition than to make the constitution work. It was I who got the if he pm>uea lia revo'u?ionaTy ichemea. Auatria could be more preposterous. We witnessed, .Europe over the Porte and for this pricealone Europe Duringthe day the Qjueen of|England,:one of the before the g'orioue revolution. Dear and gracious wo- navy to ewear to it; when I saw that by way of re- yields the command of the Federal troopa to the guaranteed the integrity of the-Sultan's dominions. steamers of the Brazilian line came into the harbor. men of Sicily, here the voice of the man who sincerely planng the o'd Neaoolhan police they armed one halfduring the crisis of -1857, a lower ebb Without this, ne'ther tbe war nor the p°ace would Sre bad been bought in England jby Garibaldi's agent, loves vour beautiful country to which be is bound by of Naples against the other, and substituted for the'' Prixce Regent, who acknowledj jea the importance of the bullion reserves than in any similar epoch be- have been justifiable. Without this, Turkey would whh the view ol converting her into a man-of-war. the affection of hie whole life. He asks of you no- iGgime of sbirri that of bravoes armed with pistol* and ef the Italian poaaeaaiona of Aniitria for the defence fore the discovery of Australia and California. On never have been received into the family of Powers, She has on board sixteen rifled caunbn, and brings thing for himeelf, nothing for others; but for the com- dr»g$er*, I openly protested against such a dangerous •f Germany, and binda himsolf to» declare war former occasions I have shown by incontrovertible nor protected in the integri-y of her possessions The besides 23,000 Enfield rifles, which have been sent out mon fatherland he aehs y*ur powerful fles'Stance. Call course, and said tiwt th# institution of a nation*! guardfacts and figures that the extraordinary gold im- two conditions are so intimately connected that they on speculation. Although of wood, and strongly built, to arms tbe inhabitants of this island, and shame those upon a sufficient scale was the only means of honora- againstNapoleonahouldhe8UpportItalyagainstportsintoEnglandsince1851havebeenmorethan cannotbesepara*ed;••veryone<anflee-that,whowishesiheQueenofEnglandwillscarcelybeabletocarryallwhoclingtotheirmother'sorsweetheart'sapron-blymaintainingpublicorder.Herewasmypro->M>,the g» ne. However, if she-is botj able to accommodate strings. ' . gramme I t h e C'/ '' " * •»•<»«•• + »«- --' • •- JTfalling off. While they amounted in August, 1858, claupe mention is made of the Hatti Hnmayouni of the the Straits. They are amply provided with everything, received at Calatafimi and Palermo;, the third, Enrico, tachment to tbe Statute . to £17,654,506, they had declined to £16,877,255 18th Ftbruary, in . accordance with which_ the Chris- and have heaps of 'visitors. They have collected a lives, though hie skull was split"open in those battles; " The proclamation, if necessary, of the state of in August, 1859, and to £15,680,840 in August, tians are to be placed on an equal footing of right ? number of volunteers about them,|and every day freah and the fourth has been sent to join the same army ^oy siege, grounded upon the aggressions against the king- 1860. As the gold drain has not yet set in, this with the Mussulmans. It is but in harmony with ones come in. They had only one little skirmish, in that incomparable mother. Women, give us your sons, dom of Naples.be stopped with diflicUlty. . |Yesterday was a day of suspense, no news havingmmt X", ii*'i»'i'*> '-.'-'J?the laws of sound log-c to infer, that if the Hatti Hu- which one man was wounded. Another who has come your lovers 1 Few—the struggle will be' long ana *-t Reform of the lower" police and the substitution ofphenomenon may be accounted for by the circum- ;mayoum has been disregarded, the Oth clause falls to acroes likewise was wounded by the accidental d;s- doubtful, and full of danger for all I Many-r-we shall honest men for the adventurera without name or char-stance that the prospect of a failing harvest is only the ground. •, charge of hia own musket. Two men were missing, cor quer without battles; and you will see realized the acter,who are now in it. adhere; bnt which leaves the radical differences beginning to operate, wbile, till now, t&e rate of in-between Auatria .and Prussia atill in existence. terest has continued to be higher at London than a" "In vain Turkey now affects to quell the latest out- and it was supposed that they hud lost.themselvca m hopes of twenty generations of Italians; and I shall " The organization as a matter of urgency, of a na- break in Sjria. That outbreak was unavoidable, con- the night of the disembarkation, aud have'probably restore to you your dear ones, bronzed by the battle- tional guard.whatever be the individual opit iona of the Princebefore. Jn vain England etrives to prevent the interfer- incident, except an alarm which, took place on the night sent forth their sons to win back from you your coun-an attack from bim.i t The repression of excesses by the press.it Energetic measures against all enemies of the Con-stitution." The immediate dismissal of all public servants notContinental Europe exhibits at this moment a ence of Europe; it is just possible'she has her own of the 15th 16th, at our outposts toward the Cast'e. It try.J&egent. Aa to Rnaaia, it ia wel iknown that so loag very curious spectacle. France is known tolabo policy, ar d is swayed by political and commercial was a ITtie, after midnight'that the disturbance took Mctilna, Aug. 3. «a« Prince Gorchakbff remain^ at the head of the under heavy financial difficulties., hut she is creating motives,'tbe jns'ice and importance of which we do place; the firing lasred for.aboutj20 minutes, and sev-G. GARIBALDI.armaments on a s -ale as gigantic, with an energy not careto consider; but she cannot base her objections eral men were wounded and killed on both sidef. AFFAIRS IN NAPLES.Poreign Office no complete uncierstanding can bejoasibly eatabliahed with Auatxia. GorchakofPa as untiring, as if she owned Aladdin's lamp. Austria. on tbe Oth clause of tbe Paris Treaty. In vainEurope Every one ran to arms. The firstJ troopa whi;h were Corre«pondence of The London ^Tiaaes. /•devoted to the regime."Such, 8ay8tbe Prince, werethe principles,the avow-"seeksto conceal tbe fact of her interference, under the plea that it has been undertaken in consequence of a wish of the Sultan. We any that'all this is in vain;- and although Ilicn did not believe in the prophecies of CafBandra, we have at least the satisfaction of kno sviog that Ilion was destroyed," .ITALY.ready were sent off toward the outskirts of the town.Tee Neapolitans, after a number jof shots, retired aeusual, but our outposis, mcstly composed of Sicilians,had taken a liking to the work, it seems, and aould only danger, and it only remains for me to report what were drawn upon me the special hatred of th* Cama-most entirely furnished- with all necessary material of flard" and arrange matters. With him came from discovered, and I was witness to tbe arrest of one on be placed I shall never .forget, you. I hope that yourthe new model. • •" Three new pontoon equipages have been construct-kahrn?o Gen. Tiirr, who has passed some weeks at Monday night l&stJ Moreover, there were deposits of voyage atid jour future residence may b» ae favorableAix-les-Bains to restore his health, dud now returns to arms in several parts of tbe city, and, a* I have al- as possible, and aleo that of my aunt'to whom you will present my most affectionate compliments, and to my hi8dnty. Wih.che usual quietness which character- ready informed you, the Pausilhppo,' which arrived ooueine, whom I love with all my'heart, May the goodunnoticed. We. however, are obliged not only to re-late tr e details of Oriental occurrences, but also to al- ed, and the magazines are full of munitions; the in- izes Garibaldi's disposition, the affajbr of the rifles was •last Monday, had many muskets on board, and manylude to the eventualities of the future, especially as it fantry and *be cavalry are well organized. The artil- soon ended, and a heavy bill given to the agent on thej cases of revolvers,1 directed to a.French gentleman res- God and the Holy Virgin have better times in store for behooves us to show the publi; what measures must be lery is provided with forty- eight active ba'teries, divid- Pro-Dictator Depretis, at Palermo, (who will open hisj ident in Naples, and intended for the Prince; Of the, ue, for the good, above all, of our country, and after-ed into eight regiments. Bologna has become a forti-AFFAIKS m SICILY—MOVEMENTS OF GAR- diate adherents, started by land f[>r Giardini, near rio Romano, and General Pianelli.me the continuance of your affection; and. in whatever position you maj be p^fied, you may always reckon upon tbe constancy of my sentiments toward you. Ful- filb'ng the duties of a nephew toward his uncle, I give' to you with all my heart my adieu, and sign myself'arm the steamer. The prrsona were designated to car- munic ated to the Government, and they were seized on fied place; Placentia is defended by new works, and ry out tbis order, and are to set to work immediately. Monday last. It appears, too, that lists, of the names ** Consid*ring what acts of barbarism the Turks are the fortresses of the Becond order are in a good state of All this wasdone.in the cabin of theJQueen ofEngland of many who were to bave been sacrificed had been defense." . • • " in leHS'than an hour, and immediately after Garibaldi, drawn up and are forthcoming. Among these were accompanied only by Gen. Tiirr and a few of his imme- several of the Ministers, especially De' Martino, Libo-4allowed to commit, we are, in deference to truth aud justice, compelled to acknowledge that-Europe must be n«ld accountable for the origin and consequences of Mussulman fanaticism. We will not hesitate to speak ont frankly. What were the motives that prompted Enrone to engage in an unjust war against Russia in 1853-4? Europe herself put forward two objects 8a the grounds.of the Crimean campaign: One was, to tbwait the power and ambition of Russia; the other to prevent the oppression of Christians by theyoux'aflectionate nephew,• '' FRANCIS II." ,Turks. Europe, consequently, acknowledged the ex-- Garibaldi's absence. Aids-de-Camp and Guides, but istence of such oppreesiou, but in order to remove it, their horees even more than they, had a hard day of it,oftheway,waschosenbyDr;Bertaniasthemost ever,urgedthematterBOstrongly,promisingtotakedeclared-berdeterminationtomaintiintheintegrityof Turkey ss a neceesary condition of the- balance of power. The war being at an end, diplomacy began to busy itself with the means for the attainment of thisdouble object. The first step waa to receive Turkey into the family of European Powers, and to protect ber againt-t the overweening interference of any one of their nnoaber. This being easy enough of accomplish- ment, one of the two objects was consequently se- cured. But how is it w i t h the other? Have'any guarantees been given for the protection of Chris- tians against murder and every description of ill usage ?runningaboutandcarryingordersrx>andfro. Theconclusion could not be doubtful; the long-expectedembarkation was to take'place » last. This conclusiononce arrived atv the public took it for granted that' itmust be in the,direction of the Straits. J&vQry one has report on the circumstances connected with this affair.Taormina, where the Brigade Bixw, the first of. theDivision Turr, was in reaomess to embark. Tbe plot was eo evident that prompt and decisiveBefore relating the circumstances connected with measures were immediately decided upon, and all the* Yesterday afternoon there was considerable move- this embarkation, I must say a few yvords about Gari- j jdetail8of the infamous conspiracy were discussed inIBALDI. Correspondence of The London Times. ..FATAL ACCIDENT IN THE ALP3.The London Times contains the following accountment between the Faro and Messina. The 'command- ers of tbe different corps were summoned to attend on G*:n. Sirtori, who acts as G-neral of the forces duringbaldi's abeence. Dr.. Bertani, his well known agent at j 'the Council on Monday, which sat eight hours. I be- of a frightfnlaccident, by which three English travelers,Genoa, came down, as you know,! to announce that I lieve that there was eome difficulty in bringing the Ipet their lives:thej$K.00«men destined for the expedition to the Papal Ministers to a unanimous decision, as some were afraid "On Wednesday, the 15th of August inst., threeSiates were ready. The Golfo d'Orangio, on the east that they might hereafter be called to account for an English travelers—viz., Mr. J. M. Rochester and Mr.coatt of the Island of Sardinia, little) inhabited and out arbitrary act by the Parliament; De Martino, how- F . Vavaseour, both of Cardiff, and Mr. Bk Fuller ofLondon,l,ef^tth.eM>o„nt,an.v„e.rt,,nearChamouny,at5 o'clock in the morning, with the intention of crossing the Col du Gcant|'for Cormayeur, attended by three guides, of whom Frederic Tairraz, tbe brother of the well-known Jean Tairraz, who keeps the Hotel de, Mont Blanc a t Aosta, was the Chief; a porter carryingby h;s Miniatex 8. He asked permission of Spinelli to their knapsacks. The weather seemed favorable. Some time, however, before they reached the summitssee the Prince, hut it was refused, and he then wrote thick fog came on, accompanied by a storm of hall andto his uncle ordering him to leave the country forth- rain. The travelers'were extremely fatigued by thefwith, and expressing the hope of embracing him in long ascent, rendered more difficult by a recent fall of\ happier times. At the same time, Gen. Palomba w ^ snow, into which they saok up to their knees. This and ! sent by the Council to^the Prince to communicate their the state of tbe weather caused the guides to urge th»mI decision and the approval of the King, and to inform to turn back. They, however, refused to comply withIhim that, as Admiral, he was to go on a mission to Eu- this advice, alleging that thev were too tired to return, 'glaxd for the service of the Government. The decis- aud preferred proceed -ng. At about 4 o'clock in thoion was at first resisted, but his Royal Hignneea was afternoon they reached the summit. The travelers hadinformed that his personal eafety required it, that hia been tied together by a new rope, of sufficient strength,conppiracy was well known, and that, if he refused to at intervals of 10 feet; two guides held the ends of the • obey military orders, he would be sent to the Castle. rope twisted round their hands, one preceding theThe Prince then consented to leave under protest, aud party, the other following, while Tairraz walked: withbefore 3 o'clock in the morning of Tueeday he had em- the travelers, grappiiiic the rope from time to time. barked on board his yacht, while the Countess and her In this manner they descended for a considera-MESSINA, Aug. 15,1860.convenient point to assemble the forces, and with this tbe whole responsibility upon himself, that at length view the men were sent there in batches, and were to all acceded, to his views, and it was decided that.thewait till farther orders. Dr. Bertanji came himself to immediate removal of the Count of Aquila for Naples should7" be enforced. Do Martino communicated thechildren^vfho, some to Rxatai along the coai vaders.So far, tow by Waiaer~an store of a mere,imprisonment. Walker that h a robbery shoriwere left in Tin of whom Was t the others Sp;)nThe cau»?e o'f ; the fear that on forces they (the the fillibuato-r.fc Capt. Hopkins hostile force, uc joined Walker,, ican flag.He was bnsi Truxiilo,andw, reeoforcemeu'8 that a vessel wi since from Trnonading at £ attack.of the B: diola, Preside this surmise vre intelligence.]Of course th erable loss .riot < citizens of the I Carib, rcerchai bad forwarded '25 to 30 per c«i These gcods, ^n obliged to real ward cargo oftThe Carib. Jo rities havirg nil leave, tigned b? public of .Houdi of the place.. Thefoiiowbit Truxiilo by a n "Jncontrqm-himself of tins Itisn:-.i'.um|toi duras, with the combine to-errde tireiv dtserted, likely to be mad ten days. > i4'It"would no eminent to 6-frr.c tion of Americalis the ruin of all subjected to the;On Saturday of Charles Kim -of one of the encandle amop^ little damage w: with a few TJtile,A fire, the;ori broke out in t .street on S»turdof about |J 50. Mounter andjotl or less damagedTbe alarm Jof night was cau^j;< in one of the'ficA fire broke o the stable own. which was yitin house adjomhu;.FROX VIKIZClara B; Sutil, VCHaracaibo to tlpravious news r<interior, and theatHORSES AM) County Brtediilogue of SO pagi Albany, \>a; th« Hawk and Meat cattle, South D> swine. .The steamer with 210 pasacuit would'create trouble for Piedmont! if an. expedition started directly from Piedmonteee soil into the Papal S'atcs. The advice, therefore, was to transport the 6,000, like all the others, to Sicily, and'send them outmiles in width, while beyond that point it is even-less.' them, and this decided bim quite to givo-mp the plan been negotiated with/and it was agreed that, at. theThere was, too, the harbor of Mplazzo, to which the Garibaldi likes. All eyes were looking toward the who conceived it. I derive my information, not from steamers and boats could be brought'without being ob- Straits and the western bhore of the continent, and this hearsay, hut from high authority; it embraces the facte servedbvtheNeapolitancruisers. Itliesonthegreat was.jnBtthemomenttogotothesouthoreastcoast. onwhich the M.inieterB acted, and too much praise passage line between Messina and Palermo, and is an The two steamers arrived in the night of the 17th- cannot be given to the men who had the almost invariable place of stoppage for the'ships be-. 18th at Giardini, and the embarkation of matdriel and courage to accuse the criminal, and insist on hisIn a couple of hours of marching, therefore, the wholeforce could be on the other side, and this movementcould be effected witboutbeingperceivedby the enemy,in spite of his great vigilance. The great mountain thete troop's to Sicily. A thousand of |them, on board been set aside, some say murdered;' the Prince was to chain whi'dwinters'ects Sicily comes down to the village the Torino, were stmt round the. island of Sicily to have been declared ,Regent, and universal •suffrage of Upper Faro, arjd ends not far from the point, in a Taormina, whither likewise the Frintclin was dis- invoked as the wish of the Emperor, in order to decide round hill, crowned by an earthwork. Toward Mes- patched. The object in view was nothing more nor on the future fortunes of the country.' Such is a general sina the chain is rather abrupt, while on the other side less than to embark the Brigade Bixio of the Division outline of this abominable enterprise, which would it slopes down more gently. Thus the movements on Tiirr;-and go rightacroes to the south cbast of Calabria. bave cost many citizens their lives, possibly the nation tine side are hidden almost instantaneously. This was 6ne of these bold and quick movements which its liberties, and have put on the throne the monsterThe stale of the weather having not improved fulfillment as one of ita constituent parts. On theseconditions, the Congress, in the 9th clause of the treaty, tween the two places. Besides, there ie an outlet from hones was complete before morning. Garibaldi left, leaving the country immediately. In fact, he left . this case. The result was most disastrous. Theduring thi» week, a rise of 6 shillings per aack resigned all further interference with ;he internal affairs took place in the value of towi-made flour, at of Turkey.the lake nearest to the Faro to the north as well as to- this about 1 p. m. yesterday afternoon! and arrived at the following day, the Stromboli, a Neapolitan vessel- ward the Straits, so that the boats collected there can 4 p. m. at Giardini, where orders ware given to em- ofrwar, towir.g the yacht out, and remaining near until be taken out in that direction, likewise. The distances, ehe and the Brazilian vessel arrived at Marseilles. By; weather, no doubt, had been bad for many days, and much snow had fallen; but this did not prevent other parties paeeing the Col in aifety by tne veryaame. route, and on the morning of the day on wnich thi* lamentable acc:dent occurred a party of six ifincluding two ladies), of whom the M. Curie mentioned above was "one, aecended the Col from Cormayeur and re- turned here uninjured." On the following morning the judge of the diatriot, with other officials and a staff of guides, M. Curie*(who btis been moat indefatigable in hie exertions to investi- gate every, particular of thus most melancholy occur- rence), the Rev. J. F . Day, acting chaplain to the En- lifih residents, with several others, ascended the moun- tain for the purpose of recoveriig the bodies and ineti- tutixg a formal inquiry into the circumstances^ In the evening the remainBwere brought down, those of the English being deposited in the Vaudois Chapel. Yes-terday they were interred in one grave in the Protest- ant Cemetery, followed by all the English in Corma- yeur, to the number of 30, anda large crowd of sym- pathizing inhabitants, the Key. J..F. Day reading the burial service. The guide Tairraz was buried in the Roman Catholic portion of the cemetery, as close as possible to hhj unfortunate companions. ,."But has tbe Congress really obtained any guarantyfor the carrying out of the Hatti Humayouna? Have being small, the force could, therefore, be ready to Torino took about 2,000, and the reat were put on arrived There are many here who express somethiugMark Lan« yesterday, and orders for the purchasec f nearly ] ,000,000 quarters of p :oduce were at any effective obligations been entered into by the Sul- embark on either side. Appearances were at the same board the Franklin and two sailing vessels, which were more than surprise that the Prince was permitted to leaveonce forwarded to foreign ports, mporters share tan '! Of" this, nothing was provided. For,*althongh time kept up toward the Straits.. There were the two taken in tow. At the last moment GaJribaldi decided the country; that he was not aiTested and put on hia tri- now pretty Igenerally the opinion I advanced in a the.wisdom of tbe Hat*i Hamayoum is much extolled or three steamers iwith their fires banked up; there to go himself and head tbe • exped'tion, of which his al ; bub the answer is that tbe evidence against him is not in the treaty, that doenment, as all Europe, pre- was a part of the troops still encamped along the sea- eldest eon likewise forme part. At 7 p jm., after night- legal, though the moral evidence amounts to certainty.against the Eomagna for the moment., and to use tneae 17 000 men to'complete the work in the south. Imme- diately dispositions were made for the transport ofbark the whole brigade, in all about O^OOO men. The the time this-Preaches London the Prince 'will have alreadypoint, which is about 20. miles distant.TO THE SICILIAN WOMEN;Liberty, the most precious gift of Providence to loyal candidate for publicity just like an ordinary cor-Untitled Documentm^^m^i^^^i^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• "• .. •: • '., 'WwmW***'^K^,,. mm%m m./V" ^-^t**..v-. »j$J«w*<«:i?t •' VO •«afety,of tfcImgosiaavcfunteere-al said that, party. The| are enteiteu Texas fronti| Cholera has j ria, 100 aiiit Liberal ariaJThe fell* PrirmftofII Zuolag*of Mixanjo,i|decari'-g hit jrtacle t<> ltt| deney.The maii frontier to^ the bworg^n^ published tiTbe Bisl<: ladoandgotApronur l>een msd<- pi Villegran *w\ have beeo u pariy. TbA-Boirof'a slighta band oi toe* troop* of V:< ride.Carvsjal, chit is w^re ql those who -• jj and yet evefbrethren. Gusda'ajLiberal, forc*^ the dismay -.i soon b* WkTne City a The chams qjf put uron tto«f them more UJThe React Arcbbirh'Ji that have b-* ures, perh;i s merciai h«....<*. for the CArr-,., and discrgxni party, h>Jgosla bud Art*ag*. and c a i 8 t/i u.- •;<:.Tuxcoco w which,ljkeb form a bedy < plans.Theedi'or " Finally'parts of the a on the h!i> a£ the nauu k'ii.r o an<?a have «m prcipecta o: of the people, the result v.i: resolute men the juitice ef corBcioesnca* naliyhaitetyi bor thoie whe•on the sacredGEN.The bark C18, has arriv(concerning Vfrom The BosCapt. Hopk • received no n expected;1 Hitold, five or 3i toniane. Am< clerk in the S young man ecrirtion,*nigl with distilcti during the CrThis force with hew nn guard of eelrih ties of HndJui Budfan fromI congequence ol conjpbthed. J Thecity,wl , pletely ceeerte<18.the plans and inten'ione of another Prince of the House rilla, ana particularly of tbe Queen-Mother/ywhoee of Bourbon. My last letter will have prepared you friend I have' never been, whatever may be said to the for the subject orthis, and now in medias res without contrary, aid whose fatal influence in the affairs ofarrived from Garibaldi, except the order to send allsteamers immediately to Palermo, and the vague Im- any further preface. The altered tone of tbe Count Naples, I have always deplored. I have never other-pression that the coup against the Papal S'-ates could not. from one cause or another, be combined.of Aquila, who started at first on the Liberal—almost , wise coii8piied against tho State, and now that I amthe Radical—-interest bad for several years awakened the euepicions of the Ministers. But on Saturday lastupon French soil, I addreps myself to a candid adver- sary to retstablieh tbe truth.course, much distressed, but consented to be- directedwhich has long been here. continually urging the travelers to plant their Before this took place, however, the attack of the heels firmly in tne enow, and to walk as steadilyhimself and see what was to be council until the embarkation was known, were ing ridge by a muddy and slippery path, the descent of The disposition about the choice of Ithe place and all scattered right and left. So strong were the appre- which was, however, gradual. This path waa then the rest respecting the plan for reunion and starting hensions of the Ministers, that more than one/thought covered by fresh and eloppy enow to the depth of abouthad to be left to the Committee, as mora aufait of the it prudent to sleep out of bis house that night,, and, as afoot. t The tired travelers were advancing on this circumstances in Piedmont. The choice was not for- I have already told you, the city was vigilantly guard- path with unsteady steps, when all at once, at the very tunate,fortheGolfod'Orangio,out|>ftheway,was edandnatroledthewholeofthenight. Thedayfixed angleoftheridge,oneofthemslipper,fell,anddraggedprevionsunderstanding, made for a start from Sardinia,Veloce on the Monarca, in the port of Castellamare, as th6y were able. About 6 o'clock they reached a decided to go there were already (there, Garibaldi came off, and Ministers, who would have waited in place where it is necessary to traverse a steep project-and as the troopscry of " Viva la Repubiica," the creatures of the Prince were to throw themselves on the military, or in any other way create a disturbance; the King was to haveCorrespondence of Tho London New*;PAHis, Thursday, Aug. 23.The most striking news of the day (beside the stir-respondent, and finding his letter too long to be con-:/: :..,..;TO:;V' ':V;' '^>'•-., Mi.*,yi."'.,; V'i.; '•W$,*ffi-W:'-/ - ! •':•-vThe Count d'Aquila then declares that the detahVmust believe that be 8aw good reason for using it in•••;;• •>  