 f. i80—Roberts, Julia. 81—Ryan, Bridget S3—Ryan, Matthew C. 33—Shaw, Anna. 84—Shay, Banaah. 86—Sufflvmn, Brtaget 36-8ulhvan, Blewv>5rJ»F* Iconfinement of some five hours, asys afe feelings were of the most painful and Indescribable nature. The groans of the wounded and dying met his ear at every moment The sheets of the people without rntagiod with the tern- ble sounds within. When released, such bad been the pressors upon his person, that he was nearly unconscious.' expected to get out alive, and it is a miraclesearch was long and untiring. Every little nook wascarefully examined, and finally the lost one was found. from the ruins to the course of the day yesterday, but injaw was entirely gone—apparently broken aad then driven into the neck, by the farce of a heavy blow from some large piece of heavy machinery. A blue scarf on the neck, with a cross pin, was the means by which the woman Identified her sister's body.-I t*?'*dn__u •—IIWLUvB* OAIUaUUU91>*<UlibU* kursof thiBimteri— WHOLE JTO.,M.I I " 1 ^ssm___ __%JV"_env^t__m> -lesB-tamteu-nm Nardil __ete_mmm_efow_tm _ # f_h__n h-titafirmtifceT fikB__f **a» sa^tsn^^^^^m ^^* ^^a^ajp- ^^^^^Os^^"*^^JP ^^^e^TM *^^pmight be dehveaed from impending death. Hardly had togiveanideaofthe sheceasedutteringthtiprayerthanthefallingofawallher back, a huge bar of iron, one of the Iron columns, whichseems tousssawfactory or conclusive of anything. wassothrownoverthatitwasimpossibleforhertomove: Itbatbeensuggested—and,aswethink,withagoodfriends were among the dead or wounded, and the ave- ragenumberofcarsofwhichIheafternoontrainswen composed was about seventeen A large police force went up from Boston to afford such assistance as might be re- quired.Use DyeMessrs. TaUerson, Kevins, Glover and Shove, were fortu- nate in escaping uninjured. Bute few moments before the falling of the building Mr. Chan, the agent of the company, Mr. Clark, the clerk, aad several of the over seers, were together in the weave room. Mr. Chase all at once noticed something unusual and heard a cracking sound, when, almost instinctively, be started for the door, the only available mode of egress. Thto door, which it bad been tbe practice of keeping fastened, was opened by a boy just as Mr. Chase and his companions reached it, andthepartyhadjusttimetogethalfadozenfeetfrom the wall when it fell.Shortly after this a little girl appeared to the window of the northwest corner of the building, which was standing, and jumped out Shewas caught by some gentlemen, aad sustainednoinjury.twenty four hours previously this confused wreck, levelwith the ground, bad been a stately mill, full of ingeniousmechanism, superintended by hundreds of intelligentoperatives, and in foB tide of successful work, to order tomake the picture suggestive and interesting. Many of thevisiters picked up Utile pieces of the metallic carding, asmomentoes of tad dfotetrous occasion. & mat shocking tothink that the spot was the grave of so many human be-ings, called to their last account with a want of prepara- melted the stoutest heart tion that beggars tbe most enthusiastic description or the suduennenofthetosttrump. Indeedoneofthesurvi-1—Armstrong, Mary. 2—Bojuton,— (wound-39—Landers, Catherine. 40—Leach, Jesse. 41—Locke, Ire B. 43—Lynch, TT—aims 48—Maboney, Ellen. 44—Maboney, Ellen.«^M I 'M^OKilBe osuM not talk Bhgltob, aad no oae from JSwfflitV ^ W V ^ A ^ ^ ^ M A A ^ ^scene of the calamity as soon as discovered. During theB»l»wwfobefbejidBmeb.< •~ * ^IIHIMI«U »__•*« M J 1 M Tniii- 4__I Btot* later(itof vLawrence Fire Department at the brak2 t£SC engfoeen prsseal who gave their sat waeneer Dsmrell ef Boston.A 8CBMB fN OjMB OF TBB BEAD BOOMS.In one of the dead rooms on the lower floor, are seven*Us«%**eater%r-/mehar>»'%.*feWiifos%'«^^K8CRJPTBNIFHiPEMBERTONMILS.threatened Instant death. Almost panic ttrwken, abe the charred brains being exposed to view. The limbs of which was used to light the passage of refreshments to noble action taken by the Society ia regard to this matter. bodies which a n now ia coffins, or befog coffined for•WOTPemberton Mills.hi stillOf this character are the statements that one or more per- sons wen taken alive from foe ruins to tbe course Of the day yesterday—one of tbemataverytotehour,aftera long imprisonment inthe chimney. This, we believe, is a mistake. Altogether, about twenty bodies were taken554—O'Brien, Michael. 26—O'Brien, Michael, 36—Orr, Btae.DETAILED ACCOUNTS OP THE DISASTER. [From the Boston Bee, Jan. 12.JFALUXG (If TBS BUILDING AXD HOW 17 ORU1I- HlfD.ie Mills buldtaw,ashai already beea noted, fell v M mesduoos crash shortly after fire o'clock on Taeeday ItwasassuddenasItwasfearful Veryfew, V any of the operative* were aware of the impending Onager until it came apen them in the fall of giganticwalls, poaderoea floorings, machinery, and other nume reus oontcnts of the building It wae the frightful work ef sa instant Two scenes of wider or more painful con- trast could not be imagined. A mill in full operation, with several hundred men, women and children quietly per •arming their accaatomed labor, on the one side; as un- heralded destruction, producing devastation and the mos horrible of deaths on the other. Let us be thankful tha few such scenes ever meet the eye or pain the heart,the origin of the catastrophe** variously stated, hut that which appears the more probablefs a defect in the ftmndatioe wall, the mete partajoleriy in the upper ored scalp).8—Bradley, Bridget4—Burns, Elizabeth.8—Callahan, Mary.fi-Thild. wiibam.7-Coieman, Mary A> . 46—Martin, laaoelta.-O fiw_t f a f t""7 top, from UMStdea, aad 11"fatherland" had fosnd him.to the opposite side were thro girls, ail young andbeautiful, nut with ths odd band oi death already oaMe palletlaya «a»ce, knit with the Ctal, jet u»muriDur*g. Il-attutoty rnavail1tfeiftteree.*, wasatworkm tbe building, and cordanso with the found the bmMinftoasidedoor,andwasjustemergingtotheentry !t was crushed in. She recoUected nothing more , getting through a window and leaping to ihe ground, when she was unconscious and amok wounded. She was THE C O R O N E R ' S I N Q U I S I T I O N . taken to her boarding bouse, as was supposed in a dyingothersweregone burnedoffmone can,andtornoffto stjmeoftheimmuredoperatives. TheVery combustible Theannualdinnerwftichwasto have takenplaceatthe others. Thus was the floor paved with human corpses, materials of which the wreck of the mill ens composed Parker House, and for which the most liberalghastly, repulsive, horrible to took upon. It told more of course furnished food for the flames. Nothing cauld mente were made as usual, was not only depemtthese is that of Bridget Looghrey, whose name Ihaws already given to the bet of foe dead. Her foes, though badly asatihtted, was still preserved sufficiently to render ber ideattaeaUwu easy. Her body is inboxes contain tbe charred ttsnt ns ofbadly burned that bet for the position to which they found aa ordinary ebssnoi weald mot have they wen that they were remnants of human bodies. suspectedAnother coffin contained a body on which the fin had! committed dreadful ravages. Tbe togs w e n burned nearly aft The breast wee burned fo a targe cavtty reaching to the intestines, which seemed burned out Tha head was entirely destroyed aad the shoulder bone pro- truded through the flesh.In foe centre of the room was a mass or human toonesolidlumpAnother coffinidentified, bis clothes cleaned, apparently uninjured, but his hand crushed by heavyweights'aaddisfiguredwithnumerouswounds; and la another was a young female whose name has not yet been ascertained.Similar scenes1 may be witnessed in other rooms.The workmen arc still constantly engaged to letorerfos; bodies.LIST OF THE DEAD, WOUNDED ART) aflBSNG. Subjoined is a Bat ef tbe killed, wounded and n-eatog,•»eM|lBe%a*%«l#^s^*>•A^-rs#^_^•*»l*'^»'%**l**•*MTUtSTft& TESTIMONY OF THE OPERATtVES.ooaditioD TMs happOy proved a mistake. Itemphatically than all else the frightful calamity.TBB MVTSG LOOKING FOB THE DEAD.The Oty Hall wea filled with men and women, relatives jbe done but to let them burn out, and strive to save tbe but the members voted anaaawsaary l o g i n tbe surrounding bufotop. In the totter respect the efforts that would have been paid for the same to tbe suffc reris were successful. of Lawrence. Nearly SS,000 was subscribed on the spot,Withregardtotheoaueeofthefallingoffoewalkthen andtheylikewise appointed a committeecomposed ofatj mm I H ^ I,.nall.Everysecond(heheavyweightappearedtobeset- forethefirebrokeout,andwhiletherewerethousandsof samename,whowagkilled),wasquotedtousssauthori- volvedthelivesofthosenearanddeartothem.The closer sad cheer upon her. She saw nothing but persons exerting themselves to their utmost to save hu- ty for the statement that the moving of a heavy piece of train at 10.-45 took fifteen crowded cars; that at 12 M.. i awaiting her. Her feelings were those of the most man life aad extricate the dead, a little girl was discovered machinery in the filth story caused the wall to start took among other passengers sixty operatives from Wal-northern portion. Ft is also more than hinted that the ber of operatives, mostly males, who were in the weavingOne person to the fifth story came out safe; HO was, diearter, the season ef the day at which it occurred, and however, obliged to perform sundry evolutions, much to tbe complication of calamities caused by the breaking out his bewilderment of tbe Are, combined to make almost all effort unavailing. INCIDENTS, DOINGS, LIFE IN THE STREETS, AT TBE In this view of tbe case it is truly surprizing that so many(dangerous).walls of^the building were insufficient for so heavy aweight as was placed noon them. The machinery wasanusually heavy, while the floors were immensely massrve, sad in mis respect presented a marked contrast inproportion to the wails and foundation. It in net im-probable tha| Ihe action of the frost oa the foundation and thus raved"of which are reasonable and others are not. Those abovementioned, so far as our inquiries went, are nearest thekrueonee. The inquest which is to be heidwiU be thorough,and will, no doubt, bring out the real facts of tbe case. die. They struggled to reach him, but tbe flames sweptDBBCBIPTION OF THE BUILDING. around them. He was confined and could not resist them. The building was erected in ISM, by the Essex As the heat of the fire began to he felt, his horrible deathCompany of Lawrence, for the Pemberton Mius Com-pany , and was of brick. It extended north and south,and was eighty four feet eight inches wide, and 384 feet inlength. The oast of the whom, machinery included, was hope of aid ?ave out, and he drew the knife across hispresent, performing offices of kindness and Christian duty. from the neighborhood during the night, say that theA man was dug out of the ruins about eleven o'clock on houses were all lighted, and inmates were either hasten- corpse, and more, that her injuries were not fatal, but78—York, Mary. LIST OF THE NAMES OF THE MISSING.1*1.000,000. The workof huiidmg, as wc ascertain, iby the day, and not on a contract- I appears i considered fby competent judges of veryI for the amount ef heavy machinery, iit was ailed. The foundation was sank • twelve feet, and H was supposed to be goodthroat Soon after they succeeded in removing him, aad his self inflicted wound was found not to be dangerous, but he had 8' .ffered severe internal injuries which render- ed his recovery impossible. He was taken to the City Hall, but expired shortly after from tbe eSeets of tbe In- juries received by hie fall, and his sufferings while im- mured within ihe fallen walls.Not a few of the escapes are providential. Two cousins, females, worked in the mill. One left half an hour belore the accident, The other was taken from the ruins unin-flsnewt about salby builders, and of aQ oflheretofore where thesethe ktodweokl henrya staybeinthecastto1fnetsef the case can only be air investigation. The buiatteg was i reeaS The floors were of teesidoweUedTvTtoboards, also hudfrom Manchester, t a t from Bradford, two from Methuen, and one gentleman from Derry, N. H., and one from Brooklyn, N. Y ., who were passing in the care, stopped and volunteered their services, aad were untiring in their exertions.so walls were about two feat four making the rooms eighty feet in there tare twenty eight iron co- feet apart oee way, and30—Lock, Ira G. 31—MurpUv, Alice. 32—Metcalf, Wm.building very thoroughly, at the" whole was dewa.hthkhagwu.tt original.^ s ^^^ ^^^^^n^^a^aww ^^^w^saw'itoadmit of th:requisitemachinery, bfe lofty heiWaf. Wmtthshsj a few years has beea adeoa to she building. At''wawfJdt^feeTJi^waeWhilealarm of fire was sounded. TheITS HORRORS. !• iis.netlag, the- -lUt y ifitwfe- idtrWW-"*ar the bed of the river. A panic seteed those within the J, duriag a heavy gale of and those without. Up to this point -.veraiinchesfrontitsnatu- largenumbersoftbe unfortunatevKi thatfearswere them nairrmhiml far ttt couraging. It was now seen that no hope was About middle way of the west tide of the botid- scene now was hearV tfckemng according to everysavingi r y ,wood, »mfc*>4c.> fNCDW M ^ B_^*~«T_?y^*2rs5C& itttrtTf M i i n i w __f IsS m M i hcartfvntftaffKind hearted physicians m!tram tntu^nets'^eVnVringii of "there, foetr oflloee wito tear fni eyes, compassto_ate cw' all tbqgeatinaaw of tjsepatheUe wfoBn.Ike nations * u a poor German, aoanring eacrueverybody , to indicatesemryerery, bote as* crevice in this vaat tatmitiThe crowd suddenly surged, and 'he vaunted of the Manchester party C M inadequate toThey relied from the platform into foe dirtfight .SCARCITY OF REFBESHMBNTS.roxysm of fright. 8he recovered dnriniyesterday was raAcieatiy weB to stand n the doorway of her boarding boose.another young woman, also about twenty, whom woconversed with at her bedside, narrowly escaped an aw-room, which Is in the lower story, managed to escape from that room by crawling up from that room through a couple of low windows which were not obstructed. Ihe weaving room was partially saved by a heavy stone floor of the story above, and many in this department wereRUINS, ETC.We make up the following miscellany of incidents, do-ings, life in the streets, at the ruins, Ac. :—of tbe persons withia the mill have escaped with their lives. *,We left Lawrence at ten o'clock last evening. The28—JeweU, ——. 29—Jewett,jured).30—Jewett, J. M.31—Kane, EUen.32—Karragan, Kate. * 72—Vane, Catherine. 33—Kearney, Mrs 73—Ward, Eriza. 34—Kennedy, Mary. 74—Ward, Elizabeth 85—Kenney, James. 76—Ward, John.if****,. "jy .,;Sporitory for the dead bodies, which were brought from theat the Ore, thousands of firemen arrived frets other cities and towns dmful death, rnappritedof the fall of the building until the charge of tbe door, and recognizing the dead and manKl -d terrible catastrophe Hash* came upon her, she was at body of a child to the midst of tbe mass, clasped it, calledpeople to fay that straws esaei tegs anever been considered safe. A to the same charitable object t» fctoMQuptte interior aimIt is estimated that thirty thousand persons visited temporary hospital fo the City Hall had long been walls had something to do with it, a warm season sudden- Among the sufferers in the ruins at the time the fire Lawrence yesterday to witness the ruins. The streets emptied of its occupants, who had been conveyed to more ly fefiowtag every cold one. As before hinted, there are broke out was Maurice Palmer, of Rochester. X. H , an were thronged. The city has never before witnessed convenient and comfortable quarters. Not more than numerous reports as to the origin of the catastrophe, some overseer. He was much beloved by his friends, and anything like such an Influx of strangers. We trust it eight bodies awaited identification in the dead room. The67—Steven, Mary. (face in- 68—Spread, Prudence.seemed inevitable. Be was able to move one hand and draw his knife, saying he should commit suicide rather than burn to death. His rescuers pressed on, but hisWednesday, sixteen houn after the building fell. He was alive, and it it thought that his iujuries are net of a serious character.Tbe number of persons killed, it is thought, will reach the highest number estimated.No possible means of identification can be afforded for most of the bodies taken out.Tbe notes of the falling ef the mills led many to trap- pose it was the result of an earthquake.One of the operatives, named Margaret Hamilton, who was fatally injured at the falling, stoted, after she was taken to the City Hail, that one of the men engaged in the building told her on Monday, that tbe mills were un- safe, as the foundation was giving way.ing to the scene, or stent!ind by tbe roadside eagerly ques- tioning even body for particulars of the disaster. When the bright fight of the flames arose their sympathy and exclment were redoubled,The towns people worked manfully over the ruins, and many narrowly escaped destruction themselves. Some were compelled by faintness resulting from ths horrid scene, to desist from their humane labors. One of the operjStves, Miss Olive Bridges, of Calais, Me., after letting herself down from ths fifth story by means of the hoisting chain of the elevator, proved herself a second Florence Nightingale in her unwearing attentions to the sufferers during the whole nightThe phyaknans of Lawrence rendered all the aid in their power, and, summoned by telegraphic despatches,comparatively trifling.The heavy iron had met with some more powerful ob-struction than her body, and her life was spared as if by a miracle. Had the pressure upon her body been but slightly increased, or had the toast carelessness been al- lowed in extricating ber, she would have been another added to the list of victims. _, SINGULAR RECOVERY OF A WOMAN.In another spot near by, and at about tbe same time, tbe body of a woman was extricated from the ruins by some of her relatives and friends. The bricks and iron had buried her so tightly that no hopes were entertained of ber life, and when the body was at last drawn out, tne little circle of friends found their worst fears confirmed. Her husband took her carefully in his arms, and with a1—Ashworth, Augusta. 24—Jordan, Wm. 2—Allen, John H. 35—Keiley, Bridget 3—Branch, Lafayette (an 26—Kimball, Elizabeth,overseer). 37—Kelly, Bridget 4—Clark, Kate. 28—Lougerty, Bridget £—Conners, Catharine. 29— Loemis, Kate.were considered by jured.Over them were placed A painful incident of Taeeday night is thus related by and resting one of tbe engineers:—When the fire was beginning to10—Connors,Catherine. 34—Martin, A, P. 11—Furnace, Margaret 35—Nickel, Thomas.appeared injured at ail, andthey must have literally 'nested alive* It rotated by a gentleman who was early on the spot, that st one point of the rains be distinguished a female voice crying in distress, and soon another voice answered, "Is that yon, Lizzie? Are yon hurtiv'' the reply was another groan, and an appeal to God's mercy in her be-Both three girls were afterwards rescued.girl was released just before the dames bunt in answer to a question stated that the was afterwards appeared that her rifht arm was the wrist, but ia the excitement of theof deliverance from a dreadfml hartdren.______THE LAWRENCE TRAGEDY. [From tbe Boston Advertiser, Jan. 12.jBECAPITCLATION.raaup They were, at is osaa^beUt tion. Oonscfou* of the torturing death which * unfortunates whose suttrings had ncdeath, the byttandere w e n unable tosseakable satisfaction of flnaing those to whom they were interested safe and r.ninjured, and sometimes, alts! ar- ftmed upon the ground only to identify the mangled re ggVpL or to wait in anxious expectation until they shall be extricate- from tbe mass of rums.certain that the loss of fife ass greatly ex in the first accounts. The despatch of Mayor h gives the number of dead or missing as ued as 1 » , no doubt very nearly ap-fog hire, he, in his agony and despair, determined not to he nasted to death, sad so drew his pocket knife and out hit i$roet. He was* however,tokenout alive, and would have survived but for the self inflicted injury.TBB CArsE OFTHE FIRE.Various explanations are given as to the cause of theore. This it one:—A party of six or eight persons wen discovered fo a sort oi a pit at tbe east end of the build- ing, but tbe beams and machinery above them prevented their escape. They called lustily for alight, and a lan- tern was lowered to them, which most unfortunately broke in being lowered down, and the lamp, still lighted, fell unon the floor of the pit, which was strewed with loose cotton, which being somewhat impregnated with oil wasfostoatiyin a blaze.Js s n S S S r ^ ^SaTaad aflairtam?!?day to coifest acts nfeeirat to form aay6**apparent In therelief. The groans of the sulferenanguish in the hearts of all around, and toadded the frantic appear ofMae who k ^ j g ? T « 2 gazing on the funeral pyre of relatives and Mends, to whom ao succor was possible.BOW THE TOO. ORWNATSB. AttheUneabovementioned,apartyofsixoreightper- sons were discovered at ihe east *ad of thojmildtng, hutcsxe. They called loudly for a light, aad alowered to them, which uafortunately broke while a,and,mosthorribletorotate,the lighted, fell upon the floor of the pit, on1 loose notion, which, beingwith oil, was instantly ia a blaze.states ths* the rho werewhat thes^W'S^l^l^se^sB ji.istruth. We desire to say that we are Ihe case from the results of personal aiivn who were saved, who almosta knowledge, for the safety of a ceuipanieas in the same moms at in the same hoarding house. of twenty-fin operatives u are known to have es-^ ^ » a^tpavwae\aa^p v^^fjptsssaw11 awedissSo? "^j^,,"* *'TMwthe snath This gives *athw aere soon vkubie.as It were, Among these visitors were many friends and relatives ofweeping friend, apparently her father, and my heart wasrejoiced at the announcement by (be s+yeimaa thai abe sad wekei toSo great was the influx ef visitersof their fixtures,« itBOrwa* pot dangerously, though severely, wounded. Furthar on were young Ward and his wife, fSSU&ae73aV££ *""*'Still further, oa a pallet, was ay^aeg woman groaning,wi»peiB,fwn senraTbroken hones, internal ^ajunee, « aw • # * nJfWBan.. ABBtMIJaj A M s l em>tHflafa^P Ua1HXtwjr^Bj|pn^fB, I g l S a w i l ^ about bar meeting, for the anytkaaa haa said she«»fotin»|esrar Mtkhertntheir shops and•iate-An ante room leadtefnmthe.tjtu wae used as a «e»and got ont at the window. Mist escaped. She bad three a»- work in the mill; they all escaped, one of |h« sisters befog imsaured five hours in the ruins,FIREMEN FBOM ABROAD.Besides tbe companies who came from abroad toI impresasarebehovedtobeof forenoon,teefloorwasliterallycoveredwithcorpaesefthe butfinallyextrfcatedfwHhotrtseriousinjury.for the sufferers by that calamity, which win he known STJOBCnpOflllBinDO01OHana flew IorKlor oneyoungwoman,twentyyeanofage,whowa*at young,themiddleaged,as^afewpastthelatterneriodIt foxorsevenhour*afterthebuildinghadfalleninthe throughaileomtegtimessfoeLawrencemassacre.* I\tmnwdiate'y started la an opposite direction, but beforefoe reached this point the walls were crumbling, andtirely beyond recognition. Some were bent, with hands * came, almost impossible upon the occurrence of this now clenched, indicative of the horrible agony of their deathe. oisaster. It seems to be pretty clearly proved that the Some were frightfully mutilated, with heads crushed in, foe originated from the accidental breaking of a lanternnoon, ef the Mew England Society for the promotion of manufactures aad the mechanic arts, to which we call particular attention, it posses ting groat interest from thework in the second story, heard the tragi of a, portion of was a most shocking spectacle. Some, of the bodies wen Im broke out,sand once started, spread with fearful In another part of our paper today there it presented the Wilding, and saw porttona of it tumbling down. San burned to blackness, but little flesh remaining, and en- rapidity. All efforts to save the imprisoned sufferers be- a full report of tbe annual meeting, held yesterday after-theevening,and andfriends,lookingforthedead. Thecrieso*some,them deep mournings ef others, were affecting in the extreme,is ho satisfactory eindeit or direct • to the amaneria ation. We cannotfindthat any bad been expressed with regard the mill was built, before the dia-very influential citizens, to collet further subscriptions. The action of the Society is commendable in the extreme. u every turn the ear was greeted by some agonized mourner. One frantic mother rushed past tbe officers iaIn this connection we would state that the Melodooa Minstrels have made arrangements to devote the entire it has occurred there are plenty of proceeds ef tbe entertainment of Saturday nverrfng nestwork in the third story. She only knows that the whole it by endearing names, and wept only as a mother can•oaring above bar was precipitated upon that on which weep. It wss e touching scene indeed. All day were toe time U **M bu»U, us that he always thought the until*she stood, accompanied by a terrific noise She was none of tbe living could recognise—poor human beings,crushed beneath some machinery near whioh she was at so marred and blackened and deformed as to resemble Tit- work,herheadbeingpressedagainstabeam,seeming, tlehutamanoffleshandbene,oraheapofrubbish.exhibitions of popular excitement There were fathered stanchionsfeetintofinebricks. AnnaLeachsaysIMfloor thosewho,summonedbythetiesofbloodandaffection,sagaaUhig nature. She said that she prayed God that sheby a party at work in one pari of the ruins. 8he)ayupon There is, however, no evidence upon all these potato foam, who went to ascertain If their relatives andmadistant of the h w released her from the im shoo* her. With a presence of mind that exhibited genuine heroism, she struggled amid danger and death, and in time reached a point of safety. This was alter being in the ruins for upwards of an hour. She was, however, more Injured thanwas si first sup- posed, as is evident from her inability not only not to leave her bed but hardly turn her body. Bar physician some internal tnjuries of a serious nature,besides she had her arms pinioned by some of the ma-chinery wiring that had got wound around them. Herface was badly lacerated, and the humane individuals,saddened by the sight around them, proceeded to extri-cate the supposed corpse. After repeated trials at the and which might vary well have been silently at work,living hunting for the dead. Alas ! there were some whomrte*MJ*6eiH. Objection was made bv another person to tbe circumstance that the beams were not secured to the walls by iron nuts on the outside, bat limply by ironTBB BOSTON AUD MAINE DEPOT.In and about the Boston and Maine Railroad depot yes-terday then was, as a matter of course, fan most markedas abe described it, ash* her head would 'split in two atevery moment." Her limbs were farced in one direc- WONDRFUL BSCAFEB.tion, her arms in another. But one arm could be used at During the excitement, oa Tuesday evening, shortly be- osier. Mr. Branch, a carpenter (not the overseer of the latest intelligence regarding the general ruin which in-body of atarofiron,withoutbeingabletomoveitoff,astalwart underminingthebuilding,preparingforthesuddencatas- man, ia psssmg by, stooped, and easily lifting the bar, trophe, and giving no sign nor note of warning.hud it one tide. What was the surprise of the party 04 We might fill columns with the incidents which are re-[Lawrence (Jan. 12) correspondence of the Boston Tra veltor.]TBB BODIES OF THE DEAD.About fifteen or twenty bodies are still at foe City Hall,unrecognized. Betas of them are charred and blackened to font recognition hi difficult Others are so disfigured *mtobearnoresemblancetothepersonshvtog.Walking among the dead to assist a poor woman in dis- covering a tost one, I was shocked en raising the cloth which covered one countenance, to see that the under1—Oategnan, Patrick. 21—Mldgley, I 2—Callahan, Catherine. SB—Mulhnax, 1 fi—Colbert, Ellen. 98—Nash, Owen.finding the Utile girl alive, and not tatally injured, may ported of personal adventures, escapes aad misfortunes. conversed with difficulty. Her condition was pitia- be imagined but not described. She bad lain between Some of Ihe stories, currently told, want confirmation.Shewas intelligent and most interesting, and ex- some of the bricks and rubbish so that but little of the a thankfulness for being saved from so terrible a floor and falling iron bad come upon her.m a manner that Si truly touching. Daring the same evening a husband was seen anxiously A young man who was taken trees the rains after a searching tbe promiscuous wreck for his wife. The4-Cronan, Joanna.6—Dearnorn,John.e—Fokrs, Margaret7-Fosseley, Margaret S»_Orr, Fiton. 8—Fulland, Margaret 28—Palmer (overseer.and 9-H-miltoa, Margaret only one kiBed).10—Hollinehl, Bernard. 29—Roach, Ellen.Onefuted account of her escape from death. She wis on the secondfloorwhen the wall at the side crumbled away. Appalled with fright, i ran to the opposite side or the room, when the- was struck by the desoceintabove her, and tLrust agaiast the gearing or some macbi- nery, which caught her dress ami threatleui ed an awful death. The machine, however, Stopped suddenly just then,whemtheflooringburiedherbeneaththeruins, where she was saved aad subsequently rescued. She was much bruised.A maidea lady, about thirtyeighf, who worked in the 1 (dressing) room, was preekpitated to the rums (or them) below, aad toatsaii I no particular injury.Her escape la most extraordmary. She came among timbers, portions of the roof, bricks, machinery, Ac., but waaunharmed It wet oae of the moat wonderful of all the escapes of libit terrible tragedy.There were scorn of similar escapes from the most imminentandhorribleofdeaths. Thenarrationofthem by those who were the unfortunate subjects, was of in- tense interest. Their condition was one of inconceivable horror. Death Stared them in the face. Every moment they expected to be their sua. With many, ems! it was true. Until the cruelflamesshot through the ruins, hope was strong. Then it was that many a hope died out, and death in its most horrible form came upon them. Who can tell, who imagine, the agony of those thus situated? It was late dying twofold.Everyeffort which ingenuityand humanitycouldde- vise was put into operation. By means of ropes, ban aad ether contrivances, some seventy-five were taken out more or less wounded, and their lives thus fortu- nately preserved. Besides those thus saved, a large num-OWy the heads of those whose countenances are moat shockingly mangled are covered up—the rest are left un- covered to aid in identification., Irian,about Artyy e a n old, gives a con-The ruins In themselves present but few points of in- terest A large area of smouldering ashes, upon which five or six jets of wettr were constantly playing, masses of cotton bursting into flames at intervals, and a chaotic/all of them tbe vital spark was extinct. The aspect of these bodies, as they were bud out for identification at the City Ball, was most hideous, and we cannot under- take to describe it We trust our readers may never be- hold, even mentally, from description, the horrible sight ef roasted human corpses.11—Hughes, Martha. , 12-Jewett, Mrs. Job. 18-Keath, William. 14—Lowghrey. Bridget. 16—Leonard, Denis. 16—Manning, Ann. 17-McCann, Mary.1R-McDonnell, Mary.10—McKee.Anna.20—Metcalf,There are eight bodies st the Oty Ball which man notA brother and sister, Robert and Mary Moore, employ-ed ia the weave room, were buried in thefellingmass.They say the whom afiaur passed off so quickly that theyhardly knew what had happened. Tbe first intimationthat they had ol it was a orssh overhead and then atrembling of the building. Instinctively they both laidflat upon tbefloor,aad both came out of the ruins safe We t>elieve that everything was done that the circum- and sound. stances permitted; bat the extraordinary nature of the63—Murphy, Ellen. 64—O'Brien, Catherine. 66—o'Donnel, Patrick. 66—Owen, Bremen. 67—Peokman, Henry. 6e—Pottle, Abbto. 60—Ritey, Patrick. 60—Robinson, N. D. 61—Ryan, ——. 82—Ryan, Elixa. 63—Sampson, Augustawhile the d%giog was going on his voioe was recognized. may never again from such a cause. A heavy gloom vast throngs of visiters were dispersing towards theirHe was nearly reached when the Hemes broke out He implored bis friends to save him quickly or he shouldhung over the city; and nature, as if to sympathy, during homes. a portion of tne day briefly shed showers of tears.Mayor Saunders and the city officials under him per- THE EXCITING SCENES IN AND AROUND LAWRENCE. formed prodigies of service, neglecting nothing so far as The whole country around Lawrence was in a state of was possible to do. Tbe clergymen of the city were also feverish excitement Persons who came into the city36—Kenuev. Rosa. 87—Kieii, Henry. S8—Kodoliu, George.70—Watson,Thomas H. • 77—Welch, John.Thefallowingoverseers of the mills were saved:—John! iron, shaped something hke a r«g«>, and before it had stiiied the cries and groans of thoes Tattersoa, Messrs. Clark and Mttato. Mr. Winn, clerk in large numbers casts from the neighboring places. heart throbbing with grief bore her towards his home.12—Griffin, Mrs. widow).13—Griffin, Mary. 14—Gilson, Siriendcr. 15—Hewee, Martin. 16—Hewn, John. 17—Hickey, Ellen. 18—Hickey, Katy. 19—Ham, EUen A 20—Huse, John. 21—Bute, Martin. 22—Hickey, Dora. 33—Jewett, Mary.(a 36—O'Learin. foremteh. AT—Pottle, Abby. BB—Packard, - - » 39—Bonder, Bridget 40—Rolfc, Samuel (anoverseer). 41—Ryan, Dorah. 42—Rodin, Bridget. 43—Sweeney, Garritt 44—Smith, Margaret. 46—Sampson, — . 46—Town*, Liaste. 47—York, Mary.long, was placed apright, so in the nuns, be, with others, forced his way against thethe counting room, was also saved. The ltooks of the cor- Twenty-two came from Loweli, ten from Haverhill, sixA number of relatives were there awaiting her, and when they saw her lifeless form, cried out in sorrow. Suddenly the woman revived, and throwing up her hands, cried out, " I'm safe, I'm safe." She was receivedas one risen from the dead. She is now in a fair way to recover imme- diately.r, the apper end estending i the room above.smoke andflame,to try and rescue some of those whosevoices he could hear. Suddenly he caught a glimpse ofthree persons, imprisoned by a crumbled partition—twomen and a woman. He even caught one of the men bythe hand, and hoped to dnw him out, but the cracklingof the names around him, and the warning voice of anoflleer, Impelled him reroetantly to desist,and by a timelyretreat to save his own life. Neither of the three persons forty three yean old, aad hat left a wife aud three chil-ag these columns, ia useand lot that an ac-Utont of building. Hew oieto toti. The Coroner's with iron three> beams, two iporation were destroyed, and it hifoundImpossible to get the names of the operatives in the mill at the present tone.Mr. Branch bad beea connected with the corporation as overseer of Ihe carding room tor a number ef years, and was considered un excellent workman. Ho wss aboutAs stated vesterday, the City Hall was converted intoa hospital for the wounded. Mattresses were thickly' and unexpected recoveries.strewed upon three sides of the room, and upon these the sutterers were laid, while they were-surrounded by their friends who administered every comfort, and by the kind- bearted surgeons, who rendered all the aid in their power .Very few of tbe inhabitants of foe town retired'to their beds during the night. The store-keepers kept their shops open, ready to furnish anything that would alleviate the sufferings of the wounded, or refresh the wearied bodies of those who were tit work.TBB FINAL CALAMITY.Just when the work of rescuing the living and the deadfrom the mats of ruins was at. its height, the building caught fire, and involved nearly all who remained beneath in terrible destruction. Those who, imprisoned amidst the wreck, had hitherto looked forward to a rescue, BOW abandoned all hope and gave way to the most heart rend- ing demonstrations of despair. A sad episode occurred here. Mr. Maurice Palmer, an overseer in the mill, was so embedded in tbe ruins that he could not be oxtricatedthe operatives in the mills, who sometimes Lai the un before tbe fife, and seeing the dreadful element approach.STAMPEDE OF OPERATIVES FROM THE MILLS. About 1,600 operatives are employd in tbe Pacific mills. They (commenced running, ss usual, yesterday morning, with about one sixth of the operatives, hut in the courseof an hour or two all left, and the mills were obliged to stop. Other mills w e n similarly affected.WBAT TBB CONSTRUCTORS SAY OF THE ACCIDENT. Mr. CoolWge, foe engineer of tbe Essex Company, who bad something to do With the construction of this Mill, defends the balding against the charge of befog poorly built, but declines to give bis opinion as to foe cause of the accident, except to the jury of inquest, which sits to- day. He admits that he has an opinion ss to foe cause, but declines a positive expression of it Mr. Storrow, under whose direction it was built, believed the walk tobe safe.THE LOSS OF PROPERTY.The property destroyed was valued at between$<H'0.00O and 9700,000, Small portions of tbe building are still standing. Some 2,000 bain oi cotton, worth $100,000, are uninjured.LADIES AT TBB BRAKES.In many instances, yesterday, after the men at the en-gine brakes had got fatigued, ladies Insisted on filling their places, and many of the engines at different timet w a n "manned" by women.ATTENTIONS TO TBB WOUNDED.I cannot neglect at this lime to mention the worthy con- duct of Mayor Saunders and othere ot the city govern- ment, as well ss many private citizens, for the attentions they have paid to the wounded, the c a n they have mani- fested for their safety and comfort, and the efforts theyhave mad to restore the dead to the sorrowing relatives. The ladies of Lawrenoe have also beea assiduous to their attentions to the t u f i e n n , aad for this foey desorreall praise. ,The universal topic of conversation yesterday was the terrible catastrophe which overwhelmed the Pemberton Mill, at Lawrence, on the preceding evening, the sad tidings of which were spread broadcast over the land by means of the telegraphic dispatches in the morning news- papers. The telegraphic account was almost dramatic ia its succession of horrors, as it faithfully portrayed, hour by hour, the progress of the disaster. A whole day of careful examination has added little to the stock of posi- tive information contained in our paper of yesterday moraitg, although there arc a vast number of personal experiences, aad of stories, rumors aadsuggestians, connested with the -flair. Thousands of people visited the scene of tbe dimeter yesterday, tasking to their utmost the capacities of the railroads to convey them thither.Missing Total1 ••••«••.. 1% 47large numberthe mffl orAtworkingtittheemped;aadttThe friends of many of the operatives won kept forcapes is still larger,operarivfshad Bestion that several hundred from the fact that y 800 or 900; and turn-Many who escaped were lost among the crowd for awhile. and, when found, they wen greeted with the most extra- vagant demonstrations ofsatieties.Additional crowds ef people flocked to Lawrence from aH quartern Vesterdtflr. Inputted by curiosity or a desire to learn the tale of their friends employed in the mill.T O InBonton thegfrom the time the received through loffice was constantly thronged with people " j * « £ n J *themill was of a c*dent allowance was aeS tttefe tfe, the escape and tmmeonce from the scene, bat w How it wasssmfBli for-'room,intheup "to us her istated above son* it werecotei ._*%____-•her New I an elder sister whoof her fete.part or thebniwhom we alto bad She was working in theInsurance Company in reference tothe sufferers at Lawrence. Hon. Davidand Mr. I JenVton Cooudgewasdecided,without discatBtoiopened, and that thefond Society for theobaafo Arts far distributiontheir names for S3 000. and the""'^•^w -•MW~~*~~W* ^ W * ^S^WWWTW'WrW, ^ S W W WSWSWfog the paper fo the hands of Mr. A. A. furtbtr contributions.We understand that during the day foe amount wWlargely increased, to foe sum, at least of 010,000. M d before the week exptire then wfil teiaethteiny have beencollected an aafount of money which will prove a most substantialtokenofthesympathyentertainedhereabout* manyremainedailBight.vors, who was thrown out from the fifth story, told us, that she really thought nothing else than that the end of the world had come.were Indefatigable ia their efforts to rescue tbe survivors, to relieve the sufferings or those who wererescued,and to protect the surrounding property. The inhabitants or Lawrence and of all the neighboring towns worked with assiduous industry and with most praiseworthy zeal.Tbe overseen, with, I believe, two or three exceptions, were <n the part of the building which did not fail, and were saved.One girl, who had her hand caught In the ruins, saved herself by tearing out two fingees. She was otherwise hurt *MIRACULOUS ESCAPE OF A LITTLE GIRL.On Tuesday evening, before the fire broke out, while two thousand men were exerting every energy in rescu- ing the survivors from their living sepulchres, and the dead from the rubbish which buried them, a party came upon the body of a little girl. 8he toy apparently crushed beneath a ponderous block of iron, weighing over a thousand pounds, and which covered her body to her chin. Her back was pressed against a hugp timber, one of her arms was thrust to the elitow through a ring ia a piece of machinery, and she was completely wedged in by heavy iron gearing. Intent only on preserving her features and form as little disfigured as possible, foe men labored carefully to remove the block of iron without crushing her still further. Four of them tugged upon it,but could not make it stir.A;ter they bad made several ineffectual attempts a stal-wart and athletic man, in passing,caught hold of it, and, with marvellous power, sided by tbe excitement which the scene produced upon him, he succeeded in loosening it. Tbe other rubbish was then removed and the body taken out, when, what was the surprise aad joy of foe men to find that they had rescued a living girl instead of a9-Daly, .10—Iiavis, James.11—Dolan, Catherine.12—Doyle, Mrs.13—Doyle, Sarah. . 63—Moran, Thomas.Ihe Mayor of Lawrence, Daniel Saunders, Jr., Esq., (latorepresentativefotbeLegislaturefrom the Eleventh Essex district,) General Oliver, and other leading citizens,14—Doyle, Sarah.15—Fenneseey. Hannah.16—Haller, Henry.17—Ham, Damon F.18—Hamilton, Margaret19-Hannan, Ellen.30—Barney. Kate.21—Hayes, Robert.22—Hayes, Hannah.23—Hayden, Margaret24—Hickey.H.25—Hfokey, Helen.26—Hickey, Mary Ann. H-Sampson, Bridget 27—Hurley, Mary (five 66—Seavey, RobertISO.SIBIES FOB « B MMSTKG. ^ ^ tous,theproportionofea- houninastateofpainfuluncertaintyMtotheirfate. DuringthsafternoonaadlastnightMeyorSanaders'" our tipUntitled Documentcomewo men- oppora»?Sti«fnfatdiem duringin her room sealed to badly UM she noticed water spOUdJ nm a pail standing there only th- m-y morning of the dis were eager to reach the scene of death ana destruction,ay ondegree of probability—that the only rational explanation of the fall of the wall is to be found in the settling of the foundation, caused by its close vicinity to the river bod. This at a difficulty wtuch has been experienced elsewhere,by the Lawrence disaster ;— THEGREATCALAMITYATLAWRENCE. NAMESOFTBBDEADFOUNDABBIn turning over some of the roofing, in a pile of rubbish,she was discovered closely imbedded among bricks,iron, splinters of wood, Ac. It required some conside-rable time to clear it away, and when once the body wasfound the husbandtookthe supposed lifeless body away.It is only necessary to add that ere he reached home thelady recovered consciousness, and, with tbe exception ofa few slight injuries, is probably as well os ever. Numerout exciting scenes were constantly transpiring duringTuesday evening and yesterday. Many of the woundedwere horribly mutilated about the head and body, pre. debris of machinery, twisted and distorted from its primary furnace. Many think it oaugbtfram the gas burnen, which seating in several instances countenances hardly to be re-cognised by friends.Of the five overseen of the different departmeatsof themill,butone(Mr.Branch)waskilled.Theotherfour, wasnecessarytoforOSfoemindtorecallthatlessthanbeen recognized. They a n frightful objects.LIST OF TBB NAMES OF THE WOUNDED.shape, shafting, wheels and cards, here and t h e n spools of cotton half consumed by fire, made the whole rf the picture on which thousands gazed sadly yesterday. ItJohn Ward said be was engaged to lighting at the time the building fell. The story about the camphene lantern, and the bursting lamp, is undoubtedly the result ef a sur- miseontbepartoftomeonetryingtoaccountforthe sudden conflagration.•FORTUNATE E8CAPE8 AND RESCUES.There were some remarkable escapes from death by those who were barfed beneath the ruins. One entire fa- mily of five persons, all employed to the mill, was saved. One little boy wandered among the workmen, sobbing for bis mother, hit only friend, who was among the ruins.and who were frantic in their desires for the receipt of thebody 1TBB OBIOIN OF TBB tIRE.I still believe that the fire caught to some way from tbe87-SuBlran, Margaret 38—Sweeney, Michael.!*he was finally rescued, and the meeting wouldat. tsntto+amjtstotOne man in the card room, hearing foe crash, intothewasteboxaadpulledthe liddown,was not crushed, and he was got out uninjured, walking off as soon as tbe lid was raised.47—MoGbrty, fiMen, 48—McOormic,MichaeL 49—McGovern, Mrs. 60—McKenna, Ellen. 61—McLean, •wounds of scalp). 66—Steven, MargaretOther instances are numerous of hairbreadth escapesceitaln to regard to the fate of £ ^Many of thesTwen people from a « " f a » J » h 0 arrived, and wenfoteteABBawsnswoftheltteofls i t t e n endgiven which coald overwhelmed "**£&*•-1b -8—Conn, Thomas.6—Coleman, Margaret7—Cutting, ABce.8—Connor, Patrick.9—Connor, Ellen. S3—McNabb. John.A^3ftjQ»Sj+ t t t M t t l l l l "OUDOfHi ,. ,,will also add to the list. Many are mortally wounded.THE LATE8T DETAILS.Boston, Jan. 12,1666. Under date of Lawrence, Thursday BBorntog, the oorrespondent of the Courier writes that most of foe deal at the City Hall have been recognised aad removed to " respective homes to reoerrethe rites of tepultitrn,.1 those bodies in whioh almost a resemblance to 1was obliterated. They were placed fo preserved a short time, in order to g i n I opportunity ot clahnfog them u* noognttk instance prove possible. ., 4_f§2 *Letters and desr*tchemgBBfo^|J_kteBUStly employed in tbe ^SBfoSFfon Rifle, inquvtag after their fete, are contfimmUR hefog rsasrnd by ths Mayor, and to how many of tast»f^'amewer must be the sad communication of taotiremfimtf Ixpinsions of sympathy sad ft- kens of compassion have not bean wanting.THE COfiONEB'S INQUEST.twuest commenced this morniag in tawMayor's office at the Ctty Hall, before Dr. Wm. B. Cnvoner. The jury assembled at ntoe o'clock. At of the following gesdfetaen:-Jaaon H Stoddard, L. F. Creesey, W. H. P. Wright, J8. Plummerl i l • » • • • • • • • • • *••MiiiMI M»• • • • • * • • • • •• • • • • * %K>168 The number of the dead will no doubt be considerably increased as the ruins are explored, while the woundedW. H. P. Wright was 169—Stevens, Celia. 7o—Sullivan, Jeremiah. 71—Surrey, Richard. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 