 sober ht, t oshaH held Con-- f o r it b yHatj t h f o g». *f eachtribvi~Mr. TtttO-coai- ^oar^a-0311—fir* batwho Jention,mj&- *%% mmim.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1869.•'*"!' rXTffIsow, one or two subjects briefly touched, and.l quit,I have been allied what I thought it was the duty - of gland next Summer, in their military character, and of'further legislation for its protection, than the decision of the same Court in 1819, declaring a Bank Constitu- tional, established aBankof the United States. Now, • The: Richmond Enquirer and Mr. Yancey both ex- press great surprise that any Virginian should admit that^Slavery is a municipal institution.the States or the people.'' And Mr. Yanc-y arguesi that became power was net delegated to the Federal Gov*alter pa'sion has had time to subsidy becfeuse there is%these two black eyes of mine; look at my bloody hose." contemptible charge of being a Free Soiler or an Abo- h a p p e nIn 1827 Mr. Lincoln was a member of the Legisla- tureofIllinois,andtbatLegislatureadoptedresolu-changes of the South, and. what is of still more conse- quence, the Co» stitntion has not changed. Let us be satisfied to keep our shaves where they are; and let us demand, at all hazards, and under all circumstances, thatweshallnotbeinterferedwithbytheNorthernwith the higher obligations o f public I&w and OTUU duty. I do not mean I would literally go alomr wttb him; be would not expect such a thing of ^eJ baTT only mean to appeal t o tbe obligations of 4ntV H I statewbatIthinkweoughtalltodo. 5-T^no cause for it. Is there any haw of which they com- •eminent to destroy itself, therefore the power was re- plain 7 Is thereany man who is now disturbed by any?STII r* ' !a»k.'. You say, "my negroes litionist ' ^A VOICE—Hurrah for Lincoln, and then for Botta !MR. BOTTS—Thank you for my share o f it, my friend. Perhaps Lincoln will thank you for his shareafter the election. [Applause and laughter.]Now why did Mr. Jefferson purchase Louisiana, in violation of all constitutional authority 1 I t was be- cause the navigation of the Mississippi was essential to the interest of a number of the old States as well as to the interest of a number since formed. It was neces- sary to the commerce of Western Pennsylvania, Vir- , ginia, Kentucky, Ttnneesee and Mississippi—to Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and all the North-Western States.was. prohibited "in this State by law, and a billiard they are property, *ni you may find a manufacturer ofanswers as given.Question 1. I desire t o know whether Lincoln to-day stands,as n e did in 1854, i n favor,of the unconditional repeal of the Fugitive Slave law? Answer. I do not now, nor evor did stand in Javcr of the unconditional repe.il of the Fugitive Slave law. - E Q. 2. I desire him to answer whether he stands pled*ed to-day, ns he did in 1854, against the-admission of any more Slave Statss into the Union, even i f the people want them'? A. I d o not hew, or ever did s^tand pledged against the admission of any more Slave States into the Union. '••:,Q. 3. I want to know whether he stands pledged against the admission of a new State into the Onion with such a constitution' as tbe people of that State may see fit to make? A. I do not ctnnd pledged against the admission of a new State into theyou repeal the law o f this State to-monow which Union with snch a constitution as the people of that Stite may .see'fit to make. * / . ' , . "He paid $15,C00 000 for it—a miserable pittance to be below the"denomination of five dollaxe. In Virginia they seen in comparison with i?s real valce. are prohibited. They are not property here. Sap- Mr. Jefferson made a purchaee indispensable t o the pope there was i. law of that sort in Kansas, Territorial commerce and wellfare of the country. or Congressional, prohibiting the circulation of all bank But when we had bought it, and made for the con- notes. You Bell out your estate here, receive payment in bank rotep, and emigrate to Kansas, and cairy yourchoose to claim it; for,, if (you cannot punish, yon can- not hold them in subjection except by force, and I am not talking about force Lynch law, but Constitutional law. But they express surprise that any one living in a Slave State should admit that Slavery is a municipal institution. '.stnnd pledged to-day t o the abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia. . ' . •Q 5. I desire him to answer whether he st«nds pledged to the prohibition of the slave-trade between tbe differ*nt Stites ? A . I do not stand pledged to the prohibition of the slave-trade be- tween the different S'atee.do not mean to say that he is a DIsunionist, but he'has lent his name to a party which. had its origin in, and whose avowed purpose is. the dissolution of the Union- Still further is it from me to say he is an Abolitionist. I should feel myself dishonored to stand before you and bring a charge against him that I did not believeirat. The N.. O. Picayune saya of the fall of Gj»- 1(j)jfcr; dalajara: . - f^:Union. I now come"to the power to do so. Have you home. But in the year 1772, a man named Stewart -hepowerto eecede? Ifthe United States Govern- carried his negro,"James Summerset,there,whoranpower that I thick i: is, and that Madison said it was, away. He was apprehended and thrown into prison, : WP.S then carried before Lord Mansfield under a writ ofand which you find dnring the Admin scration of Gsn. habeas corpus, wno finally rendered the decision—as Jackson it actually was, I think it would be a very_dif- you will find in Howell's State Trials. In the opxmoaicait matter t o oppose o r resist the United States.There are 32,000.000 of inhabitants, indadihg blacks rendered, Lord Mansfield said:one charge against him. I support him not only be- the Government, making the announcement, is very stitntion from the position which itnow.03cu.pie3 as a What then? Free them til and keep them anions us as under- him because I know him to bea sound, national, con- that the money shall be restored to its lawful owners.ment, numbering 32.000,000 people, is clothed, with thepeculiar institution, differing from all other property,and put it on an equality with merchandise generally,and say because you have the right to carry your mer- Free them, »rd make them politically and socially our equals?perience in public life; and because I look upon the by the Rio Grande.positive law."Fourth'of July, making patriotic speecheSj declaring That became the common law o f England, and weanotber proposition, that|Congress may regulate.Slav-ery and the slave-trade between the States as it doesmerchandise. j • . . •. .L eLet-.us hold it as a peculiar institution, consisting ot both persons and property, and never agree to put it open a footing with common merchandise, for it. you do I do not know the 'lawyer--who could successfully dispute the fact tbat Congress would have the power toregulateSlaverybetweentheStates,asitdoesm reference to every other article of commerce. ,Having thus discuese&fthe issues made m this can-vass I propose now to say a word about the candi-dates and their records. I have no quarrel with-Mr.sider'that charge is not worthy of voting. He ought to b e excluded by the Cosxorisrioners the groundSaligny, by the Tennessee,, gave much disappointment to the French at Vera Cruz." From the capital we have but a repetition of the news we have for months pasi had to record—the! al- most total suspension of business; calling in of the neighboring garrisons; levies upon the rich, and anxie- ties o f tbe people—ail of whkh. in such a state eat anarchy and confusion, we can well believe to be true-. Itisalsostatedthatthetroopswerebeingcalledfat from the City of Puebla, which was to be abandoned to the Constitutionalists.'.'PROPOSED VISIT O F COMPANY E, NrirrH Utai- MENT, TO ENGLAND.—An interesting correspondence has paesei? between Adjatant Coppingerof the Ninth Regiment a i d Lord Palmerston, on the subject of a visit of Ccmpany E of that Regiment to England. I ktheletteradJreesedtotheMinister,underthedateof Angust 31, the inquiry is made whether a company of 100men.includingabandofmusic,oftheNew-York State Militia, would be permitted to band in England and parade, armed and equipped as a military company. The letter states that Company E, Ninth Regiment,; New-York City Guard, commanded by Capt. Williaaa Atterbury, is desirous of making an excursion to En-that the Government of the United States is able and ready to cope with the world in arms if necessary; and yet it has not the power to resist little South Caroiina.being the Colonies of Great Britain at the time, it be- came the common law of the Colonies, and i t was so recognized by the framers of the Constitution at theonf Applauee.} That is biowirg hot and cold in the same time of its tormation and adoption, the evidence ofthattherightofsuffrageiswithheldfromallmenof atswer I have to make to i$ ia to read from a papercalled the Selana Sentinel, a Democratic paper pub- lished in Alabama,, which says:breath—it odea not dovetail together well.A South Carolina orator will say the same of the Government, that the combined forces of the worldwhich i s t o be found in the fact that—in'fixing that clause of the Constituion which relates to the recovery offugitiveBlaves,andwhichistheonlypartofthat" B u t all this, to my judgment, furnishes no more excuse for permi'.t'ng Slavery to go into our own. free territory, than i t wcnld for reviving the African slave-trade.by rsw. The law-, whichforbidsthe.bringingofslavesfromAmis.,audthatwhich hr.B so long forbid the taking of them to Nebrasxa. can,hardly be <3inti:igui«he d o n any moral principle; and then-peal of the for- mer co\ild 'find quite es plausible excuses os -hat of the litter.' " I have reason-to' know that Judge Douglas knqws tim.Z said this.' 1 think he has the answer here to one of th^questions he put t o me. I do not mean to all'Sw him to catechi=^ me unlass'•Howfoul! The ^lontgfjmery sldvcrtiserBell with being an Abolitionist. V/e. are no defender o f Johu Bell and his party; but a more base'and wanton charge never was made against any man, than that John Bell is unfriendly t o ne- gro Slavery. There isjust about as much truth o r propriety i n charging. Abolitionism' against any gentleman o f Lowndes o r Montgomery Counties. The man who charges John Bell withcannot overthrow it; and yet " a retired philosopher " instrument which does recognize Slavery a t all—andon the banks of the Potomac can do it with twelve in- trepid Virginians.What is the power and what are the resources of the United States 1then it is only by inference, and not by express terms— for the word slave was parposcly excluded from the Constitution—that clause declares:'• No person held to service or labor i n one State, vnder When you talk about all the Southern States com- laic* there/,"—not under this Constitution—but " under the lawsDonglaBnow—I hepe none for thefuture. He is in a he pays back for it in kind. I will r.ot ans.wer questions onv! af-" being an Abolitionist, does it through a desire to lie upon hiabined competmg- with the Federal Government, i t in all moonshine and nonsense when you come to put it intopracticaloperation.tkere.of. escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged," &C , 4tcprogressive and improving condition. He is, as theyter another, unless he reciprocates; but as he has made this in- quiry, and.l have answered before, he has got it without my get- ting"anythinginreturn. EehesgotmysaswerOntheFt'giliye Siave law. ..••<».fellow man," ..This is as*plain and emphatic as it is true, and we'commendittotheconsiderationoftheBreckinridge oralorg and editors, generally.and not half so dangerous as the party Mr. Breckin- ridge represents.' iis to run away, n%t only before we are whipped, butbefore we are"even struck a blow. [Great applause.]If this was a large pzixate estate, to be divided amongas all, would you run away from it ? I f all the people tion over his case.• the only qualification required by the Constitution; first he has the Senate fixed bgainst him, the political we, in adopting that Constitution, have ^ As the Judge bad so flattered rne, I could not make n p m y complexion of whieh cannot be "changed within theestate,wbyattempt topersuade me tortmfrommy Congresshasnotexclnded itfrom'theTerritories,-nor public estate ? Thisia our Government; tin* i8 our has the Territorial L^ialature..Iwouldneverconsentto.the imposition of£laW thatwasexactlythe way to'treat akind,amiable,intelligenton our unwilling people in the Territories, and if they gentleman.' X know i f I had a*ked the Judge to >jhow when o r where it was I had «aid that, ifl didn't succeed iu firing into theUnion, our Treasury, our Army, our Navy; it all be-longs to us—why persuade us t o ran away and leaveWhat then? I s Slavery legalized there? I think desir^to have i t ' l would offer no obstacle to the ac- Slave States until Slavery should b e e.xting>iUucd. the Unionnot; and those gentlemen know not; otherwise they complishment of their wishes..; I.*«gftE5*£j? g j should be dissolved, ho could not have frliown i t . 1 understand what he would do. He would say, ' 1 don't mean io quote fromat is the Supreme Court. I would go to the thiBcity. Such visits have not been unfrequoa* be-'^;''i?^i~power to destroy reserved? It is prohibited m express•terms. The Federal Government was not clothed withthe power to destroy my person or my PTMP8rtv; <?gB&saysMr. Yancey, that power is reserved to the States or ment for the past sixty years. I know they think law. You undertook to whip them, and they whipped of the property, and then only on condition of remu-you i n self defense. If; you had- undertaken to whip neration to tbe owners.. I served i n Congress with ti£ people; and only reserved to the States or the peo- there have been several intervals, such as the admiuis- vSv- tt?Va,ia ll?ey tad whipped you, they surelyI to l)e called a traitor for obeying the Constitution of my State and of tbe Union ? She is an enemy to the States and to you. I owe no allegiance to South Car*. lina because she is a Sj|£e State, and I would as sooatfor plebecauseitisnotconferreduponCongress.Idotratioji8ofMr.Adamsandothers.ButCongresswas alive-hist Con- volu-Site.••.rt«ynot know whether the power is vested m you, the peo- . opposed to him and he bad no. legislative power. S o had the right.to do it; but you undertook to whip these not recollect that I made his personal acquaintance. man, no matter what his interest is in slave property, to Massachusetts to enforce another, whether the Fugi-ple, to deprive me of my proiperty or to cut.my throat; in 1840, we elected Gen. Harrison, who died within a negroes, and they whipped you. There is no law here He was a young or new member, aud did not take a as an Abolitionist, unless he votes the Democratic tick- tive Slave law or any other, or to reduce either to sob-the Democratic party has had control of the Govern- charge^them; for lean, only execute, not make the that power, except upon the application of the ownersers could recover them and take inem back where they great extreme and to a dangerous extent. It'is a deli- there are not surplus shipping and surplus money enough i nand whites, and I suppose about 28,000,000 free whites "Slavery is of tnch * nature thas it is inonpable of beiflg intro- own because the moment you propose to put it upon a in the United States.' dnwdon auy reason*, moral or political, but only by positive law,to me that systems of gradual emancipation might be adopted; but for their tardinesn in this, Iwill not undertake to'judge our brethren in the South. / ." W h e n they remicd u s o f their Constitutional rights, I. ac-knewkdge them cot greedily, bnt fally and fairly: and I would ;him, to regard that charge as worthy of a moment's had been taken by the British Legations. consideration. [Applause.] The man that would con- " The non-arrival of the new French Minister, M.We are in the habit of hearing gentlemen, on the and it is vo odioaa tbat nothing can b e ftufterea to sustain it but footing with ordinary merchandi-e,then may come mSay of persons who are getting over a spell of sickness, Markthewords,andrememberthatIdidnotmake Sva&cent; forIeawjtjatin.^?P^chliemade at Suppose*j on ail go out, what do you carry? Y o u tbe Constitution, I am only reading it as I find it; but Harrisbnr" Pecll., a short time since, he has come" Now. gentlemen, I don't wan*, to read nt any greater length.but this if the true complexion of all- ! have ever said in regardtotheinstitutionofSlaveryand theblackrace. Thisisthewhole of it, and'anythim: thit argues me into his idea of perfect •social and political equality with the negro is but a specious andfantasticarrangementof"worde,bywhichamancanprovea\ thatisthatinallrtJJ'peelsIamanationalmaninevery horse-chestnuttobe a chestnut horse... I willsayhere,while\upon this subject, that I have no puroose, directly or indirectly, }to interfere with the institution of Slavery in the States where 'cairy nothing: but you leave everything behind you.YonleavettePublicTreasury.Thereisnotmuchof gardeditaslocalandmunicipalunderthelawsof thatjust now, however, under Mr. Buchanan's Adinin- these States which recognized and protected it. T h eit is manifeet that the framers of the Government re-S S t o S * o n the great principle of protection,, and he SdfcepeopleofPennsylvaniathat tbgfdand^ had never received that share of protection wbich it was entitled toreceive at the hands.oiafoetering Gov-Now, In regard to Mr. Lincoln, I bare only to say. ifhew"»s.thepurest,wiseet,andmostexperiencedof aU, there is £u insurmountable objection to him, andpublic mind may. have undergone a great change inie'ration:butitiscomingio,bydegrees. [Laughter.], the-South,yetwemustholdtotheConstitutionasitis, ernment. TWsisagreatstepinthergh UijgYouleavethearmjitbenavy,thepubliclands,thefor-tifications, all the dock yards, all the public property of •and bear in mind it has Undergone no change, and that But what operates on me even more than that is thatevery descriptions, munitions of war and all. A n d the Northern mind has changed the other way; but be is a good Union man; and I am ready t o shake what have you got to figtt with ?senseoftheword,and1Could,undernocircumstances,It has been argued that when they so decided the power onto ehow bim that h e misunderstood the whole scope of my an speech, and that I really never intended to.set the people at war so there is another source o f protection t o the South. to come over to England in the Summer of next year,with one another. As an illustration, the next time i met bite, So that'if Lincoln vyere eleciea aud even prepared t o bringing with them their rifles, for the purpose of en-which WRK at Springfield. 1Ube-d thisexpreesidn: that I claimedthfof the Union were to go ia, and each get his share, whole case was thrown out of the Court, and that all how many do you suppose would secede and forfeit tne opinions pronounced alter that were nothing butthe political opinions of some of the Judges on the bench.ry from the Territories. Well, they have NOTdone it. tected in that way, we cannot look for it,e^where^ the States-, the Union »hall be dissolved.' , Now. J don't thinktheir share? Not one. Supyoae they all held theexercise it, Congress can noreimlatfl commerce among the States, ,or aiiy otoer£werTM S^we of the South, have is>o insist on and adhere to aoffer violence and outrage to the South, I would not beprepared to .dissolve the. Union. If he were elected and tering into competition a t the annual rifle shootingbonds of the United States for the moderate sum of 310,000 each, to l>e forfeited by them whenever theyOne other point pretended to be settled by the Su-no right under the Constitution, nor had 1. any inclination, t o enter into the Slave States and inteifere with the'inttitutions of Slavery. He says, upon tbat, ' Lincoln will not enter into the Slave States, but will go to tbe banks of the Ohio, on this sid»,phonld r^ommend violent and extreme measures t omeeting, there can be no doubt that they would beseceded from the Union, how many do you think would preme Court is that neither Congress nor the Territorial run away and leave them behind ? . "Congrejs^^iould not thiuk the time for dissolution most heartily welcomed." The matter is still underhad aJiifslBS% His recommendation. might b e r e -bbth branches of Congress;, but sup- consideration, and will be fine subject of future corre-igress adopted h is reoommendation. spondence between Adjutant CoppingerandtbeIEnglishtime for a dissolution then have arrived? I Premier, through Lord Lyons, the British Minister att, because this sacred little book, the Consti- Washington, and Mr. Archibald, the British Consul ia >f the United States, provides another remedy,true iL?preStion of t b e ^ ^ ^ ^ Z ^ o - and »boot over I He runs on. xtep by step, in the horse-chestnut Now, a you would not run away from your private Legislature has the powerto legislate to exclude Slave- forcementof all its provisions;•xf we cannot be.pro style of argument, until he shall have extinguished Slavery iu alljected to ? Is he not subject to the laws of Maryland ? •his record also. But I am neitber; and I read thus coxnnion honesty and by common BCnse. Go buck to When be passed the limits of Virginia, he left Virginia recordof Lincoln's without.infendipg to ...express eimer the Conhtitution as onr fathers made it. This is a new laws behind him. He leaves Maryland and gets into approval or dieapproval. for there is no reason wny i doctrine preached--that of forcing Shivery into a.Ter- Pennsylvania, and becomes subject to Pennsylvania should. It speaks tor itself. Let thatbe borne in mind. ritory where it is not wanted. It is not to be strength- That is just wbat tbeoo people propose to do. I am laws; and so on until he reaches his destination. H e I want every man to Btick a'pin there, that he may not ened but weakened by division. It is not for the pur-Ihavebeenasked,also,"SupposeSouthCarolina thinks proper to go out of the Union; what would you do tinn 7" 11 have heard some patriotic gentlemen say no Federal troops should ever cross this State whileaway and leave such a fine estate," and bis repJy should be, " Oh! I had a partner who every morning came to the fence and Bhook his fist at me, and threat- ened to take my estate from me \" [Laughter.]chandiseinto th9* Territories, you have the right t o cam* slaves m merchandise, he takes a very hazardous position! It is better to let it stwid as i t is, a peculiar institution, not subject toany ether control than ourMy own feelings will not admit of this; and if mine would, weknow that those of. the great mass of white people will not.Whether this feeling accords with justice and sound judgment,is not the sole question, if, indeed, it is any part of it. A uni»versal feelir-e, whether well or Ill-founded, cannot be safely ditf-' litionist. Well, I w.onld'not take the trouble to refute diligence, which was to leave on the 21st for Jalapa, regarded. W e cannot, then, make them. equals. It does seem, it; and I would not offend you, .nor do the injustice to^ws^^f&P*' ^:;!^ ' .^!<e^v>>'w^^^**ovWon that shall oonfliot with this perpetual con- [Applause.] And even i n my day, gentlemen, t t e erty. He says to Ms negroes; " Sam, Bob, let ue go election, in the course of three weeks, which we are the slave property, and divide it among the Statee and ^on.# ;W8l:it be Mr- Bucbamm ? No; he *rijf •*.. w l^^o^SeHt,byoppoeingorobstructingthetunehasbeenwhenhewhowasnotasubmissionist,toworkandcutdownthesetrees;letusbuildashantytoldbyGov.Wisewillbei(anovertactofwarfandTerritoriee,accordingtotheirfederalnumbers,anditWafhmgionandmanagothefiuancee,for-juWi!Comtitution and laws made uoderit. _ • ^ •* in tbe eenee i n which I am a Submj&sioriist, would and then cultivate th9 ground" The necrroes hear his that certain States mean to go out of the Union., I read would not exist twenty years in any one of them. seems particularly weU qualified. [LaugbterJ w J ? Ob^VhatI bad the eloauenceof your heavenly g.fW haye entitled himself to.-a cravat not mads of Bilk. orders, but they say, <? we do not feel like work to- his record 1 hat you, may flee and determine for your- The power itself would become so weak, and the I think i f any army were to mareb here i t woaM^iJ •-j*»neratedlather[turningtoasonofPatrick (Applause.]Ihopetbeeegentlemenwillnotpush day,''andrefusetoobey'him,;Heundertakestocor- selveswhetheritisjustcauseforadissolutionof.the antagonisticpoweroffieelaborsostrong;itwouldbe beadedbyGeo-Scott.(Applause.]Andihen/tffi Sf>r^ wbbeat oear him on the platform] that I the matter to such an extreme as to entitle themstlve» rect them; to coerce them; in so many words, he un- Union. llmean neither to approve nor disapprove the extinguished everywhere. Keep it where it is, and it came along on hie way to tbe South, it would d«L»2TMS7make my voice beard throughout the loogth and to it; but if they do. I tru*t such examples will be constitutes a moral forca which will always sustain it-, on bow many men be bad with bun wbat t^'wuSStJi£ £ * ? o f t f i W The Union would, w e I a made as will have salutary and effective influence for dertakes to whip them; but suppose they resist, aud in- record ofl/Mr. Lincoln, but 1 felt that I owed itto you self. Senator Mafoh said the public mind has under- " . ^ M f c P ^ t o accompliBh his object, uS£Sf£Pa&kk Henry, or he alive, need but one advocate t o iaanreitesafety. (Unboundedapplanse) _ .*• T h e p o w e r * n o t d e l e g a t e d t o t h e U n i t e d S t a t e s b y[Laughter.] What then? I a m . a magis-' before I presented myeelf before tbe }>eople to address gore a great change since the adoption of the Conati- suai!iet fie 0 the J5avingdiscnseedtherightandthepowertosecede trate. lou come before meto lodge vour themonthequestionsthatareBOsoontobedecided-— ButiiwiillN'o-uldbuckleonmyknapsackandSmtka^t»e.the future. [Applause.]stead o f h i s whipping them h e gets whipped. and to myself to become familiar with his antecedents b* ,^*ri^»v hija pafo escort ihrougb ' ^-« •»f r o m t h e U n i o n , I s a y w e w i l l n o t b e d i s t u r b e d V i t h c o m p l a i n t . I a s k y o u w h a t i s t b e m a t t e r — w h a t a n d ' I b a » e d o n e s o . a n d a m n o s t o b e d e t e r r e d f r o m d o - I t is* t r u e — b u t , u n f o r t u n a t e l y f o r h i m a n d h i s p a r t y d * T m lthe Constitution, nor prohibited by it, are reserved t o this ghost of disunion, and you will hear no more of i t JB u,ePaftxre of your complaint? You say, "look at ing full jnetice to Mr. Lincoln bv anv. ridiculous a n d North, the public mind has not kept pace with the Now, do not let us confound our peraoaal svmi»a«!^l11118 UDfederal law m the quiet possession of his property' a •• • ^iJ?^ ' -der what circumstances did theyserved t o the State* t o destroy i t . What were the h y y o u BR t b e powersreserved? Powersforaillegitimatesnhjectsot Therei«notalawonthestatutebookwhichtheDe- 2, rxT? '" y>"7refusedtogotoworkI iefiialatiott—y our own domestic institutions, for instance mocracy o f the Southern country has not pa»s*i w n e n i toki them, and when I undertook t o whip tions of. an obnoxious character to tbe South, declaring States. That is all it is necessary fornis to do; but in- if South Carolina declared herself out of the Umie«. —Slavery for one. That isa power withheld from toe They have had absolute and uncontrolled mauair«m6nt them for it they turned on and whipped me. I want that Copgreea had not only the right to anolieb Slavery order to do that you must first g e trid of Democratic what aspect does she present to tbe UnitedStatet?TiConstitution of the United S-atee, I t i s a power re- of the legislation of the country from the year 1800 to you t o punish them for it.". Well, I am a nn%istrafce in the District of Columbia and the slave-trade be- politicians [applause]—men who i n a number o f in-servedtous, the people whoown the f"^66; in% theyear1860. ^power to solemnize marriages; to esrtah iah the lawsrot So that if there is any law on the statute book thai* descent;toregulatetherightof raflragfc But is the oughtnottohavebeenpassed,justgetoutof the way 53SSr5^?#5£ thatheisawareof. WhatshallIdoBtances have not thebeart to feel nor the brain to con-ceive the consequences of their folly; men who havekept alive this Slavery agitation because it is the onlymeans by which they can obtain the favor of tbe peo-ple, and secure the power to themselves, by presentingthemselves to the people as the exclusive champions ofSlavery; men who never did own a slave on earth, andprobably never will, yet denounce me, who am a slave- Lincolnin1847;Iknowverylittleabouthim;Idoholder,andalttbeslaveholdersinthecountry,everymarchtoSouthCaroKpPfoenforceonelawasIwould-and we will repeal all those lawn for you. [Applause ] 1 House, in which he took the ground that, while Con- Some gentlemen seem to open their eyes when I sav with them ? I f there is no law to punish, I muBt dis- gress had the power, be was oppoeed to the exercise offiere,andwilldosowithpleasure,ifthereisanypun- tweentheSjates.butthattbeywereboundtoexercise ishment prescribed bylaw; but is there any Territorial that power, and Mr. Lincoln was one of two members or congressional law fixing the punishment ? He au- who entered their prot*st upon the records o f thesbeAijState in ihe Union? I f so. the laws must be ««_ fo^^fe the Union. Bnt if she is no longer a 8tate fait tb«$JOTOn, she assumes the position of a foreign en»«r tofHpCTnitedSlates,andabsotoVirginia;andamlim be asked to give aid to tbe enemy of the States? or aotbutsuch,powerisinyonorintheStateGovernmentmenthafterhisinauguration.Wethenhadbothto.Purnshthem,andImust,ofcourse,acquitthem.veryactivepartinthebusinessoftheHouse,andIdoet-whohavekepttbeagitationalivefortheirownself-missioniftbeyw« *-enoughtoassumethepodtieot But you say the^Constitution of the United States pro- not recollect that I was thrown into his company. Mr. 8because it is not granted to Congress; and therefore aL branches of Congress, and the President on our side. S S S £ * ^ ^ e 1 1 ' S ? ; h e r e 'is ^ e Constitution; where Gogcln was on the Committee with Mr. Lincoln, and, ish purposes, and. who will' kee? it alive, no matter of a foreign enemy ! me and mine. I am not a slavepowers not conferred on the Federal Gavernment aw But General Harrison died before Congress met* ?„ ?£P Mdthepunishmetat for these negroes prescribed I am told, testifies to hia high qualitieB: as a man and a what will be the consequences to your peace and hap- to Slavery, *nd I will not make a fool of myself t e reserved to the people or to the States. ^ and consequently nothing. was done during that piness, or to the safety of the Union. please fools. [Applause.]Let n a establish this doctrine of secession, and se-> period. When he died we had a Vice-President S J ^ « C < 2 a ? n ? ? n ? ' - \WfS*> b u t ih*Z told me the gentleman. • ' , . . [ . Get rid of Democracy. _ . „ South Carolina is a very epctreme State—Massacku- niu whereitleadsnsto.JustsupposetberighttosecedeandthetwoHousesofCongress:butTdoVredScottdecisionprotectedme."Doesthatpre-Of.coursetbatmadeGogginanAbofitionist.Mr..Butwhenwetellthemthatsomedemagoguewillsettsisanother.Idonotthinkitjusttotakeeithery of i/-«r;rad- th* eon- >nbyTh»•or** Ji»-t W- >lot» o rGen- to the she andnayIof laws>' t h e on* bcee.he the if it it asawfitno lawsu>dttthe'aioof:b* par-wil! of*.t-<e s e t .ion, Tea;" *>* "*dy of di»-OTOtf"boof ,<*£>,viie « »b-ui*si.tbo."apt for.78 reserved to each S.ate. As I said before, there, u not think Tyler had been there a week before he was scribe the punishment fir the. offenfle charged agamst Lincoln, however, might, lSce other politicians, plead tWnegroeB? " No; It]has only said I have thought the statute of limitations on what had occurred 23 yearstake the stand and say, Look and see what Democracy as reflecting fairly the conservative sentiment of either has done for the country!. See bow it has grown and section o f tbe country. Ther* is no more fairness or expandedunderDemocracy! \Vewerebatthirteen lookingontheextremeStatesoftheNorthasfairex>>something solemn in the marriage compast ol-tnese purchased by the Democratic party—a debt which they to bring my slaves into1 the Territories." But you ago in the Illinois Legislature, eo I traced 'him down toStates. Thewife,onenteringthemamagestate. afterwardrepudiated. Imentionthisonlyasahistor-8hatneitheralaterperiod. Mr.Benjamin,inthe.Senate,declared ouMeJve* t o obey the laws of the country, and tne things long passed away. We all know he deserted Us ^ S ^ S S S ? df* *. nor any a c t o f Congress, H was a sounder man upon the Slavery question than •Conrtitntiou o f the United States. Bat she has an to become a representative of the Democratic party; 3 a & 5 $ Terrdonal Legislature, nas prescribed the Donglas. But Mr. Benjamin was a Democrat—he ugly, crabbed, old husband with whom she become • ard when we had the two Houses of Congress we had punishment for them i n ca se they refuse to obey your could afford to say So. I could not, for that would es- dissatisfied, and she claims that »he reserved to herself,- no President to carry out our views; so they still con- ordere. Well, finding that your slaves are worthless'- tabbsh Abolitionism on me. Charity covereth a multi-inherownmind,therighttode3troybypoison, and withdraw in search of a more congenial partner. Someold-manhas»nuglyoldwife,andseesahand- some, rich voung woman, and falls in love with youui, beauty, and wealth,- and thongb he did bind himself perpetually to the marriage contract, yet, casting aside themarriagetie,andforgettingthesacredcompact, be says, Though I did enter into such an agreement, there were mental reservations, of my own [laughter] —certainreservedrightsbywhichIcanwithdraw, and fo'io another and more favorable alliance.• Now I would adviee ail the secession men to^ go over to the Free-Love party. [Laughter.]. There is where they belbcg, and there is where their doctrine wonld be appreciated. [Kenewed laoehter.]But, i n sober truth, what does this doctrine of the richt of secession lead ns to ?I n the year 1803, Mr. Jefferson purchased the Terri-tory of Louisiana from France, and through that Ter-ritory inns the Mississippi River. He acknowledgedthere was no constitutional authority for tbe purchase,and even asked for an amendment to the Constitutionlegalizing what he had done. And why did he do it ? table could not be used in Virginia. In New-York no more establishes Slavery in the Territories withoutbinds herself to obey her husband, just as we bound ical fact and from no desire t o deal unkindly with f S S ' c ?^ ! * 810tbe Constitution,pounders of the public sentiment there, than tbat South 3,000.000 inhabitants, and now we have grown t o Carolina is a fair expounder of the public sentiment oftinuedincontrolofthelegislationofthecountry.So toyouthere,yousay:"Comeboys,let'sgobacktotudeofeins.butDemocracycoverscharity.[Great?grownupandincreased.But,praytellmewhathad Virginia. • But they do not want to go back? and they applause.] But I was reminded the' other day, byit was when General Taylor was.elected, and when ! a y L N*°.:W e Wl11 niot ?°* *» Virginia you are a bet- readmg a speech of Mr. Winthrop of Boston, lately re- Democracy to do with it ?. Why, the bees go on andFillmorewastherewebadbothbranchesofCon- SLS^rT1—?*y?i$$fiwearequiteasgoodas turnedfromhisEuropeantour,ofacircumstance expandandincrease'theirnumbers,andwhentheyget oftheissuesinvolvedinthepresentcanvass.Ihave) gress Against us, so that in fact we have never had the you. [Laughter.^ Well, you come to me again to too thick thev swarm, and go out affl eeitle new terri- expressed them fully and freely, but I hope I have left control of the Government from the year 1800 down to lodge your complaint, and you say that the laws o f which? occuned while I was- i n Congress with tory. And it is so with us. The natural increase of no handle by which,-through misrepresentation, ear the present day. Virginia protect you. Mr. Lincoln, and the"circumstance to which Mr. Win- our people, with the great influx of foreigners, has adversaries will injure us. I have endeavored to pre-Well,ifthereisanylawofwhichcomplaintismade, thropreferswastbatasimilarpropositioncontainedinswelledourpopulationto32,000,000.Woulditnotsentmyviewsinamannerperfectlyinoffeneivetonmthey alone are to blame. I s that their just excuse for Yes, but you left the Virginia laws behind you when the resolutioDB of the State of Illinois in 1837 were of- have done the same thing under any other rule ? L e t candidate, and, I trust, to the feelings of all here pros*a dissolution o f this Government? I t may be just you came into Kansas. For if every man who comes fered in Congress in 1847, and that Mr. Lincoln offered us tr? it awhile. I am afraid to trust them any longer— enr. I return you my thanks for your patient atten-causeforvstocomplain,butnotforuseventodis- intoKansesbringswithhimthelawsofhisState,we asubstituteforthem,carryingOnthisviewsasex- solve the Union. Now, these gentlemen use a very should have the laws of thirty-three States. Which pressed i n 1837; but still this was thirteen years ago,aportythathasbroughtustothevergeoftheprecipice tion,andhopeIhavedoneasmushserviceforthe —88 I lean now over this platform, threatening to pre- Democratic party as the Democracy this morning ex- cipitate ue into the gulf of Disunion. pected of me.Tbeyhaveconetoofartorecede.Theycannotsave Gentlemen,Ihaveconcludedmyargument,tmi'% the Union. Try some other party, and see if tbey can- again express my acknowledgments [for the manner ia. --"c.not save the Union. At all events, let us content our- which they have been received.selves with the question of Slavery as it has existed At the close of Mr. Botts's remarks, there was onsspecious and plausible argument—one that is accepta- ble to the public, or one that seems to take with everyare we to execute ? and the statute of limitations might be pleaded to that, You want t o carry your negroe3 back to Virginia, so I1.rac«d him down to a still later period.andyouattempttoforcethemtogo,andinself-defense NowIamgoingtoreadwhatLincolnsaid.In1858, unreflecting man—that we have the power and the they put you to death. Your friends come to me and before he became a candidate for the Presidency, and right to carry our slave property into the Territories. iMs proved that the negroes killed you in self-defense. when he was a candidate for the Senate of the United Well, I am not going to tell you what I think ought to What is the punishment? None whatever. Now, I States, and had e^ery inducement to, be as stronglybe'tbe law; bnt I will tell yon what is the Constitution want to know if these negroes are not just as free Anti;Slavery as possible before the people of Plinois, it,and the law. The idea is that what is property in one there a e the white man, either under the Constitution seems certain questions were put to him by Douglas, (Slavery) to climate and production to regulate itself,[State is necessarily property in all the States. Bat i t of the United Stateey o r the Dred Scott decision ?from the formation o f the Government. Leave i t universal cheer, which rung througb the Hall, amd, and I only read the questions as propounded and the and there will be no difficulty on the subject. I f we being caught up by the outside crowd, was continuedlis not true.For example: A short time ago the game of billiardsAnd w h y ? Simply because they are not property under the common law, and you require positive enact- ment for your protection;' and the Dred Scott decisioncould change the face of nature and transfer their long,, cold Winters of the North to the South, and our long, hot Summers to the North; they would in twenty years become the Pro-Slavery party, and we the party of Freedom: :Well, now, gentlemen, I have said nothing person- ally against any of the candidates for the Presidency, because it is not my purpose to do so; and I stand here to-night disclaiming any intention o r desire to speak harshly of any one of them, or to glorify an- other. I know all of them personally. Breckinridge I know well, and I know him to be an honorable, high- minded, intelligent gentleman, and one against whose cbaracterj nothing can be said. Yet I think there iauntil it died away in the far distance of the suburta* The reporter has never witnessed more entausuuat exhibited in favor of a public speaker; and it was ren- dered the more impressive in this instance from tire fact of the very vindictive spirit recently manifested toward him by the leading political organs in the State*FROM MEXICO.The report of tbe capture of the City of Guadalajiby the Liberals is confirmed by news received at ITew-could not take it from him, but he could not use it as a billiard table, and therefore was not property that could be used a s such. So it is now with distilleriesEvery lawyer of intelligence will tell you it is a mu- where the Maine Liquor Law has been adopted. Y o u nicipal inftitution, protected by municipal law, and ifcannot carry your distilleries, to be used as such, in many o f the States. Bank notes are not property everywhere. As, for example, in the State of New- York, they authorize the issue and circulation of notesprovides a punishment for! your slaves for resistance to Q. 4. I want toknow whether he stands to-day pledged to theyour authority, your slaves are as free as you, if they, abolition of Slavery in the DintriSt of Colimbia? A. I do not one strong obj ection to the election of Breckinridge. I Orleans. The dates from the capital are to tbe 17ikI should like to know how they will reconcile their admitted Louisiana,as a State, how easy it wonld have bflnk notes with you into • tbe State or Teiritory of vote for Mr. Breekinridge, who. holds precisely theQ. 6^ 1 desire to know whether h e stands pledged to prohibit-Slavery in nil the Territories of the United State?,. North as wellas South of !ho Missouri Compromise line? A. I aiii implicitly, to be true, to effect the election of any man or the suc- if not expressly pledged to a belief in the right ana duty of Con-" The event which now seems to be fully confirmed is a most important one, and may be the turning point of the civil war. Guadalajara is the second city of tbe BepubUc, rich and prosperous, and has been defended with great obstinacy. I t has long been, moreover, tfce> principal etronghold of the Beacaonists in that part eC theBepublic, and its capture is believed to opsa tbft way direct to the capitaL -"•Our files abound in most touching letters from that beeieeed city, from which i t would appear, as might indeedhave'beenexpected,jihatthesufferingofthepeo- ple was very great. We learn, indeed, from aletter of GeneralOrtegahimself,that on the first instant,the suffering had become so great tbat the fire, upon that city was suspended for the space o f three hours, that; women and children might leave the town. H e w many actually left we are not informed, .but i t would appear that the number was smalL In all probability the poor people knew not wbat to do, and there for the space of at least twenty days, they remained huddled together in the center of the town, farthest removed••v,>-venience o f our own people a raagniticent trade, andbeen on the part of Louisiana to say, " I do nor like Kansas, you cannot use them there, they not being property. So with a great variety of things. Kace-same opinion, which is of record and must have been, gress to prohibit Slavery in all-the United States Territories. .Q. 7. I desire bim to answer whether he is opposed to the ac- eeen by them, for One of the first resolutions offered, by quisition of any new territory, unless Slavery is first prohibited him when he was a member of the Kentucky Legisla- therein ? A. 1 am not Generally opposed to honest acquisition of ture W88 as follows: territory :'»nd in any given case, 1 would or would not opposecees of any party.Another objection to Mr. Breckinridge is,' that he istoo young, too inexperienced, t o take charge o f this grea't empire and administer all its affairs, foreign and domestic. Mr. Douglas is a man of more enlarged ex-?.. this Constitution of yonrs quite as well as I thought I borses are not property in New-Jersey; that is to say, would. I think I can do better to set up i n businessas an independent State, and levy tnnnage duty on all racing i s prohibited there by law, and, although, you the produce that comes down the Ohio and Mississippi may cany your race-horse to New-Jersey, if you at-" Resolved, By the General Assembly of the CommorrweaHh such acquisition accordingly as.I might- think .such acquisition perience in public affairs, and a gentleman againstBivers." They would have said, " We- purchased and paidforyou,andadmi'.tcdyonintocopartnershipwith us; but since you did come in, you must remain per- petually." •'tempttousehimassuchyou incurthe.penalty"of the ofKentucky,Thatthequestionof SlaveryintheTerritories,be-wouldorwouldnotaggravatethe Slavery'question among"our- selves. 'Atasubsequentperiodofthe samespeech,he said be stould regret that any Territory should ask to come into tbe Union as a Slave State; but if the peooie thus asked admission into the Union he did not consider that a sufficient ground of objection to their admission. I n another speech, which I will read from, he says:whom nothing is to be said. But I think he deserves some punishment, independent ofmyoppositionto him on account of his Democracy, for his agency in the repeal of the Missouri Compromise. I t may be that we shall ourselves have to snpport him some of these dayp. I cannot tell. I "think the two wings of the party are, so far apart that they are not likely to get to- gether agsin, and the Union portion of the DemocracyHow wonld it be in the case of the purchase of Cuba? another man with a drove o f horses, another with Great anxiety has been displayed on ihe part o f this mules and another with regroeB—all wanting to go into Government" to-purchase*Cuba, and a minister was Kansas—the first three will go there without asking sent for the purpose of making an offer of $200 000.000 protection for their property from the Federal Govern-or $300,000-,000 for that island. Now, establish the ment. Bnt the man with the negroes will not go thereThere are some persons who. say that the Dred Scott decision went behind that—which I utterly deny—and declares that the Constitution ittelf carried Slavery, of its own force, into ail the Territories. It does no suchwithout asking protection. The reason is this: Y o u operate fn the event, that she be purchased. You ad- will have to learn,it some time or other, and you mighttheir situation. I f Slavery did not now exist among them, they, see where.they are going to; they must come to us; protected it there, Slavery would exist not only in .the would not introduce it. I f it did now exist among us we shouldlaw;, he is therefore useless to you for the only pur- poseforwhichheisvaluable.If you set out to-morrow with a drove of hogs,ing wholly local and domestic,'proj>&r\y plewhoinhabitthem."So much for that question.belongs•alone to the peo-doctrine o f the right o f secession, and see bow it willmitherintotheUuion..Therearereservedrightsonaswellknowitnow."ThercaeonIB,that.slavesaresurelynOtleB3.bindingintheStatesthaninthe'Terri-South.Donbtksstherearenndividuelionbothsid*-swhowould halfway."Whatisthereasonofthedifferencethatcomfortsandanxietieswhichmusthavebeenworsenot recognised a s property under the common law. While neirroes are not property your horses are; and ifthe pert of Cuba, and there is a reserved determinationon tte part of Spain. The day after the admission ofCubathisreserveddeterminationofSpainiswhispered youcarry"jourhorsesormulesintoKarsastheyare Statesbytheir'Constitutionorlawstoexcludeit,for bf-cometip-topAbolitionists:whilesomeNorthernonesgo sadaccountofthedemoralization-andnecessitiesof•*- into her ear. She is equal in all respects to the other protecrea by the common law; but if you carry your that would have been in conflict with the Constitution South and become moit ou«l slave masters. balance of. power originally between the "Old-Line the, soldiery in the town,, which must have added ten- v*R,-to be ls»id on sugars, for her especial benefit—it is de- 1772 a decision was rendered by Lord Mansfield which established the law on this subject. Prior to that yearCoratltntion o r laws of the State to the contrary notwithstand- ing " . . . • • . . ' „ „ ' ' ' '.And even i n Massachusetts or v ermont any citizen slaveholder might have claimed his property under the Constitution.doing what I should not know how to do myself. I f all earthly ter condition than we poor Whigs have. been. They pow?r were given me, I should not know what to do as to the have been kept shivering in the cold, without food o r existinginstitution.Myfirstimpulsewonldbetofree'alttheclothing.[Laughter.]Theywantshelter,andthe sKv«rs and K-pd them to Lih^ri*, to their own native land. B u ta moment's reflection would convince me that whatever of high only way they can get it is to come to us.' [Renewed hope (ua I think there is) there may be in this, in the long run., laughter.] •As to Mr. Bell, I know him, tod. I have beard butnied, and Cuba recedes from the Union. 30o you thiuk s'aves had been recognized a s property, and the rich Mr. Buchanan would have any difficulty in purchasingCuba if this were the establisned doctrine of the United planters of the West India Islands were in the habit of States ? I think an arrangement could very easily be canyini? thfcir negross to England when they visitedthat'eonntry. I f they escaped from them, they wouldmade with Spain to part with Cuba, if snch were the be apprehended and thrown into jail sothat their own- '•:. Let.me tell you that this idea may be carried to aits.sudden execution is impomble^ I f they were all landed •there in a day, they wonld ail perish in the next ten days: and^appointment of Gen. Ortega in his place. The note ofto what party he may belorjg. [But candor compels me thefi too, must hold to the Constitution as is. " Why hands with him and embrace all good Union men, at a It exists.,- I believe I have n o lawful right to do so, and I have to say that he is not more sectional than Breckinridge,did they use this peculiar phraseology ? Because slaves were not recognized a s property under the commonno inclination to do so. 1 have no'purpose to introduce political • . aud'social eqnelitv between the white and the black races. There ' is a phydcl difference between tbe two which, intay judgment,Vireioia conld not furnish clothes for her men. I thas taken all our money to hang John Brown and hisconfederates. [Laughter.] What do you propose to Constitution. It was a local law, depending entirely am inclined to think that the plan KOpoeed^brhun ., ing of perfect equality, and inasmuch aa it becomes a necessitycarry out with you ? Nothing. And what wdl you upon local legislation for protection, and Mr. Madison and which was established by the.Kansa ^ebraska that there must be difference, I. as well as Judge Douglas, am in £ght upon 1 Nothing. Alabama is in a state of actual favor of the race to which I belong having the superior position. starvation. ShehadtocalltheLegislaturetoprovide saidintheConvention'"hethoughtitwrongtoadmit bill,which,ifnotforonexhghtcircuity, would[per- "Now,1believeifwncould arrest thespread,and placeitm the Constitution Uuztthwc could beproperly in hapsbethebeetwayofssttlmg.tbequestion. .W*> . •where Washington, and Jefi'er*on, aul Madison placed it, it . the common necessaries of life for Eer people. I will -men.'' Now they say the Dred Scott decision has set with reference to the peace and harmony of the.conn- would be in the couj>e of ultimate extinction, and the publictell you my opinion on the subject. I mean no personal all that aside, and you have the same right to carry fry we should all be benefited by transferrmg.it to the mind would, as for eighty years past, believe that i t wiii in thedi8ieepect t o any gentleman. I doubt not, as Mark Anthonyjaid of Brutus, they are all, all honorable men \ men who are very" bold, cbivalric and patriotic, pos-course of 'ultimate extinction. The crisis, would b e past, and your slaves into a Territory as they have to carry any Territorial'Legislature, and. let them settle it for them- the institution might be let alone for a hundred yea-s, if it shouldotherproperty.Wbatisthatdecision?Itisnotworth selves,forthereasonthatifcwouldceaseto.be»aua, livefolongintheStateswhereitexists,yetitwouldbegoingheart upon, my sleeve, and if every political opinion I ment, as well as the whole British nation, would feef^ T l ^ w i t hlaw, and tbey d:d not mean to recoguize.it under the Sqoatter Sovereignty. I differ with him i n this. I will probably forever forbid their living together upon the foot-the snuff of this candle to the slaveholder. tiona! question and become entirely local :£^8 offset*. out of existence i n the wafcr best lor both the black and the sessing any amount of physical courage; but I do say, In tbe first place, the Supreme Court, which is the Tbe difficulty is, tbat there ia a ? ^ » * J ^ £ 2 f f i white races." •vnygreatpleasureatafriendlyvisitfrcmanyportionoaT the people of the United States; but it would not be con- sistentwiththelawsoftheUnitedKingdomthatabodyamorebase,unman!v and cowardly proposition was commonarbiterbywhich we must allabide,decided mentthatrequires Congress. to^egisTatsforMerrj Wehaveallhearditstated that he said thatif he never submitted to an intelligent people on the face of could not come into Kentucky and Virginit, he would the earth. [ Applause.] Wbat is their proposition ? I t that they had no jurisdiction over the case, because tones. Now, my argument is, that if the Constitution stflnd on the bank3 of the Ohio and lire into thesebeing subjects of the British Sovereign, should land fa the United Kingdom a n d move about therein. Lord Palmerston, however, would remark that if anyhim, pontically, on his doctrine o fgives to Congress the power to legislate for tne i w States.. Here is hia own explanation of what has been Series, Congress mu^exercise ^ S e r ^ d t h a l thus ascribed to him. He says: . .''' Before nroreedicg. let me say, 1 thiik I have no prejudice ,thing, in my opinion. .' If the Constitution carried it into the Territories, and achinst the S ;uthernpe'-ple. They are jn«t what we would be in acd ourselves must coalesce in the future. I do notTerritories, but in all the States, for the Constitution is not instantly give it up. T h i s ! beliave o f th* masses North and we must go to'them, or, perhaps, we shall have to meettories, and if it was established aud protected by the not hold slaves under any circumstances; and others who would now exists between the politicians and the people in th.an death itself. •..•'-.,...^'gladly introduce Slavery anew if it w**re out of existence.,-' Wo this State ? It is because there never was any bond ofConstitution, there would have been no power in the know that some Southern men do free their slave?, go JTonh, and sympathy between therh. The Calhoun wing held the " In the same letter Gen. Ortega gives an eqaafly«rfFJ•*»*- negroesthere,theyarenotprotected,becauseSlaveryoftheUnitedStates,'whichdeclares,asIhavealready"WhenSouthernpeopletellustheyarenomoreresponsibleWhigsandtheDemocraticparty,andtheDemocratsfoldtothenorrorsofthescene.In.themeantime,the'•••>*&.'%*aertoaia- ©s'b. oteae3She demands of the Government an exorbitant duty its protection. Why is this? Becansa in the yearStates of the Union, and with equal rights to go out or is a municipal institution and requires special law for stav in.for the origin of Slavery than wey I acknowledge the fact. When were afraid to trust them, and afraid to offend them, shown, that it i s said that the institution e»i«t«, and thit it is very difficult and from the first they have never given the Old-Line" This Constitution shall bo supremo law of the land, and the to get rid. of it in any satisfactory way, I can understand andjndpett i n eveTy State thall b e bound thereby, anything in the aopreciate the saving. I surely will not blame iheiri for not Democrats a crumb. TheDcuglaemenarein.no bet-line of the besiegers advanced night and day, and tber General writes on the 1st. with the most perfect confi- dence, that the city would be compelled to capitulate a£ '# an early day. "•''..•'l' The. news by this arrival also confirms that beforepublished of the action of the Constitutional Govern- ment in depriving Gen. Degollado of the command ef the army, for the seizure of the late conducta, and thereasel-Ihavebeentalkingabouttherighttodissolvethecamefrom,putthemon,boardaBhip,andcarrythemcatesubject,andthemanwhoproposestotakethein•theworldtocanythemtnereinmany'taies.tendays.causeheisthecandidate'ofmyparty,butIsupportsevereinitsreprobationoftheseizure,anddeclare* r1lings? Is it quite certain that this betters their condition ? I think I would not hold one in slavery at any rate; y^t tbe.point ie not clear enough to me to denounce people upon. What next?servative, Union-loving man—a man of enlarged ex- OIF We presume, therefore, it will soon find its way hithergive them any legislation for the reclaiming of their fugitives,which should not, in it» stringency, be more likely to. carry a unecund mind. [Laughter and applause.] The only fwe man into slavery, than onr ordinary criainol laws are tohung an innocent one." ' * - •- **- -ulybodyt—_—,~ . . mind that he meant to deal unfairly with me; so 1 went to work next four years, and the Supreme Court is agaiutt him, if the members of the corps which you mention werethem behind, I say not, only before we are whipped,butbeforewearessruckablow? wouldnotclamorforprotectionthere.Thereisnoex-tlement,therefore,bythepeopled*^J^fflfedSSyon,butthiswastheresultofwhatyousay.'Bat1havetheSupremeCourt.JpconldthereproclaimthatCongresstweenmilitarycompaniesoftheUnitedState*andthe5W'No, I will not run—I see no occasion for running— clusion of Slavery there; but they have failed to d o they must come up and observe tb« ^rms^preecriDea oy right to a*k, and 1 do obk now, Did you not put it iu such a form w\»at is necessary for its security. They have failed to the^Constitution, and obtain the . assent ol Congress w that an ordinary reader or liktener would .take it as an expressionand when the occasion does come, which I do not look make laws for its protection. The Supreme Court can- all their laws, as they have, done from the ^undationlor, I will claim ray own, and I will light lor my rights not makeJaws nor force legislation on the part 6f Cou- of theGovernment op to 1854. I propose ^readnow That is as much of the record of Lincoln aa I feel toWhat would you think of some rich old farmer, who law has been pageed prohibiting Slavery. Yet, who from here to-night and say, because I do so, that I am him, as about other men in public life, but I do not be lead who w|ill, I will follow. (Great applause.] But I two months, a t an expense o f $30,OW-$10,000<jC •Supreme Court'refused me redress, then I would say n the Union. grese—they «an only interpret law after it is made. No from the record of Mr. Lincoln-anklet no .man.go be pecesaary to read. I have heard a great deal abou "he time has come for revolution, and let him take thebad a fine estate in opartnership with somebody else. Will carry his slave* to Kansas under this Dred Scott a Lincoln man or have made a Lmcoln.speecb, as the Iieve anything I hear about any public man until it i* He had mse'e a large crop o f tobacco, had plenty of decision and without legislation for its protection ? Let only means which they take to ^ ^ A 1 ^ ^ S S proved to be true. I have good reason for it; fori wheat in his barn, and corn very abundant—enough of us test it practically. -s, , an argument they cannot answer, and destroy the e. have eeen ench frightful pictures drawn of myself that this worlds goods, in fact, t o enable him to enjoy all Now we will suppose some gentlemen here to go into feet o? a truth that may be crush n* to their /ondert aa- neither I nor any iriend of mine. 1am suit), would ever that a laxn/ious appetite aould desire—and he was sud- Kansas.; Mr. A B starts with hbj negroes to go into ticipations. I f to read Lincoln's ^record njjkj»»g* » recognize the likeness.never will consent to plunge this country into all the horrors of civil war; to involve your children aud my children; to inflict such a Calamity upon the nation; t o oppose brotber to brother and father to soniu deadly «onflict, I never will until I have exhausted everywhich has already been subscribed by eight membeti of the company. ' 't —M. D'Aiguieree has published Tabks * « * * A * *re»ult of ten years' labor. By these, the F°TMz£ multipliers and multiplicande of three figures" **?*?* inspection,andthusitiseasyto»«1*iP^aoJ^J*f with any number of figures by the use of a Httie add*, tion and subtraction. His simplifioations: « • ^ w greatdenly to quit his estate, his family and his crops, and Kansas, He starts from Virginia; where local law Lincoln man, then I am also obnoxious to the.charge^t the next thing you heard of him he was down in Texas, protects him in the possession of bis Blaves. He gets being a Breckinridge man, because I have r*ad fromJwj andsomebodyaskedhim,"Whatinducedyoutorun intotheStateofMaryland,andwhatlawisbesub- record,andaDouRlas,maikbecauseIhaje-tead^wjemedy provided lor by the Constitution. (Great aj> e *8' ^HR1 *Bo n e ^ " ' ^ AVb c a n «u*t,hia ourselve< plans**)thev are alive; but if I were asked what I was going tbat the squares of tbe hundred thousand first numbera,to do in such an event, the first inquiry I would; make which would otherwiae form a large volume of nine forstandinghereaidfigh*.ing/ormyrights.TheylandsinKansas,andthereheis,withtheDredScottforgetit." '"•"', TJ.,.poseofstrengtheningSlaverythattheDemocraticis,WhoistimingattheheadoftheFederaltroops?hundredpages,arecontainedInftUtUebookofIMcallmeasubmisfiionist. WhatdoIsubmitto?Isub- decisiontoprotecthim. Nowletusseebowfarity&to the Coortitutiva and the kwa of fay cowtfry.1haveahighandpatrioticobjecttoserttemreading partywanttocarrySlaveryintotheTerritories,but Whoisgoingtotakecommandofthe,troops? IsItUntitled Document Liiaoela? No; they will not wait for nia imiugura- than a hundred page**operates, and how far it protects, him ia hjs Blaye prop-to BtroDgthen ihe Democratic party ityelf.ri he P»^Sfeestion in, is there any remedy for all this upon,bytB^Constitution,byonrownconsciences;byStates, and now there are thirty-two ! W e were but33,000,000! Well, so have I grown up and expanded under 'Democracy. [Great. laughter.J My family have grown up and expanded. Your families havetbe South. ,If this constitutes me a submissionist, I am a eubatfe- sionist; but I submit to tbe Constitution and hiwa ef mycountry,andhewhodoesnotisatraitortoboth.ticket presented by the party to which I belong a s being the most national that' has been*presented to the country.. I have heard that the charge has been made—" The United States Minister, Mr. McLane, arrived at Vera Cruz on the ,17th, and resumed tbe duties of his mission.Mt ••2 'it was never made in my presence—that he is an Abo- " It is stated, from the capital, that every seat in thevote for a man who is a sectional candidate, no matterthe South to do in the event of the election of Mr. Lin-coln. Ianswernothingintheworld, but'submitaaexchanging courtesies with the volunteer organizationef—their' brothersoldiers"—ofGreatBritain. There-had no power toMteri'ere with Slavery, and demand bat justice and right should be done me. But, if theBritish I^ovinces, and the company hope tbat tbey may vet be allowed to visit England in a military ca- pacity. The trip, if undertaken, will o o c a p y S ? ? ^boldlychargesMr.we have always done. I have no desire to keep sesretfrom any man wbat I would do, for I would wear my* ply,-dated Oct. 12, states "that her Majesty's Govern-entertain couid be summed up in one word I wouldhave that word oh my breast that every man mightread it who felt an interest in knowing. His electionwould constitute ioreason for a dirsolution o£theUnion, nor would that of any- other ,free • white man. of armed men, org<<uiized a i a military body, and not A native citizen of the United States, 35 years of- age,fi.These are the opinions I entertain upon the subjeetfrom the shots of the besiegers, suffering each hour dis-l jJ-'.. i' . - . " . . .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street"Fulton New York 13069' . . ' * , . . . ' -t . y i. . .•.: . ••(!:,• .- ; • •.. . . ,•!'•..;,•':'•-' .,* J ^ '••••'••••„;•;.••;. .J: :M •• ••mu. ^ - • i .,.' • ,.---:J J,:,y •<:•-'>om^Vj.La±ftt3amwww.his record, looking, as I do, to the posaible eyeat of mQv« up /.„'. -, - *.'.-V • ' - ' V v ' " '''$M& Jajjsaila.^ai^jk.'/.-^:"-- ^:- ••<-:•«•****•-**?^«ju***M*L*imk'^".fvKTM.;;, ....*rr -•••••• --• " — )waw>. .:;_,. , . •.„.-.,•_-.»^.x ^.. .a—„-»..,BH.I. SB) tt'.'-fultonhist*oryf.c 