 wrta <ror whole strength the wieeaedre feel CMsecure as ©or toved toad'• serration.« M> toll, *tM lltiMll •'» death 1MB MB omr old ©onetituttoaai BeU, we bravely cnfnrl to our f n s ,mast attend it waer Ever it foot!BBBCKIKfiiDCE AND LAKE. Unfurl tba t u o n to the air,ruA raise the deafening shoot; We kovdM Dongi«e Hi h.i t**r,Acd pui biiu W»Uw rout;We'll seal tot Caw* where aba bleeds—Lot tttostttntloa reign,AM follow treta wnore'er It Weds,With 3.-c<iiund«-e sou Lane.Bring out the cannons—let UMa blase From etery btU and gton. >And let tttem thunder forth the p n i n (A prmc.pio —not metThen Jutn the throng—tbe nation's throng— Who will sot fight in Tata,Acd sweU tbe choro of too song tor Breck.oridge and La*e.A 80SG FOBTHB UNION. A storm la tbe Sooth, a storm to tbo North,Are regwg, this link* to s e w .But the sttew cl tot:, aad tbo strong arm of worthaay, oor Union abaU pertah—no nevn Iu _ Union sbal! perish—so never!Wboa we took to tbe East, aad wo look to (be West, Wbeo we view tbla vast country all over:Whoa wa aae a treat people ao happy and bleated, Say, oar Union aboil perish—uw never 1Om Intoa abail pot tab—ao never!Let dftsun ion lata growl, and fanatics rave; Let them fight oa like madmen forever,A people ao Lee, ta*ir country will aave, Day Union Hbhi. perirh—no never 'Day Union abail per ink—no nover tOar people ao free, nailed abail bo, toTkonn which no tytan sea sorer.Bravo BOB In tbo south, to their frieada ia the North, Bay oar Union thai perish—ao aovtr IHURRAH FOR LINCOLN. Tvaa—"Boataaaa'a Deaee-''hurrah did yoo bear the news' The democrat's hove gut tbe bl-tec;They're pwsxttd now, and al: afraid, Btinsasii we've nominated Abe.Thee snout, freemen, shout! Scout, freemcD, shout'Wall all uniteAnd bravely fight,For tne Star of freedom' - dawaiag.Bi! B*>' w*M pot them through, gplit their rails and haul them too; Hi' ho! we'll pot them throigh, Bpitt their rails and haul thorn too.la all their ranks they cannot tadA caadMiate to suit their miad;They kwK aad squirm, but 'tis ao one, Their game is up, their platform's tosM.Then shout, freemen, ohout! Snout, freemen, about!We'll ail ontteAad bravely fight,For the Star of Freedom's dawning.Hi! ho! ate.They know that they will lose the day If they take up Stephen A;And so to add f> their hambug swell, I think they'd better take op Bell,Then shout, freemen, ahouU Snoot, ftwaiaea, shout!We'll all uniteAnd bravely fight,For the 9tar of Freedom's dawning.Hi: boi*ate.I hear they've bought an old steaming, On Which to plaoe poor Little Dug;For Fretidtwt too late they've found Bis coat toll comas too near tbe ground.Then shout, freemen, about I Shout, trucmen, shout IWe'll all watteAnd bravely fight.For the star of fretdom'i dawniag.Hi I hoe etc.Well give them Baa enough this toll To satanTy them one and all;Served up in style qntto neat and plain, Joet imported from Old Maine.Then about, freemen, shout I Shoot, freemen, about IWe'll all unite. And bravely fight,far the star of freedom's dawning. Bi I he I etc.Hurrah I hurrah! we are sure to win,And the way we.'ll beat will be a sin;The oomtrg year's impending blastWill show that they have crowed their last.Then shout, freemen, about I Snout, freemen, shout IWell all uniteAnd bravely fight,For the star of freedom's dawniag.Hi t ho I we'U pat them through, Split their rails.'and haul them, too, Bi 1 ho I we'll pat them through, Split their rails, aad haul them, too.THREE CHEERS FOB DOUGLAS. Let's reiee the about for Douglas,For none need doubting stand; B e l l b o u n d t o b e t h e P r e s i d e n tOf this United land;Then three cheers for Dougtaa,•** The Giant of the Want,For he can maul out Lincoln, Without n coat or vest;Then three cheers for Douglas; He's bound to maul out Linooto, Worse than he would rails.Let's raise tbe shoot for Douglas, The people's chosen one,He's sure to go to Washington In eighteen sixty-one.Then three cheers for Douglas, The Little Giant brave,We'U stand by the Union, Aad oar dear country aave; Then three cheers for Douglas, Be surely cannot toil;C!d she must buy a new axe," aWU anO UVUI^S w*J wJjPsmb Vaffiao • aati.UNION SONG. Aw—"Wet ilheetnad a Flowing Sea."Jotio fnxi.ofTsQaieatw, And Krerett always true,Who goes tii r-t mate 01 tbe United Males,With a gallant Union crew. Chorea—Then let us sing this song,Come all ye bravo aad free. We are vatontrers lo a glorious eaoeeruler Bell, of Tennessee.Crowd every etttob of mil, Aad bend the gallant mast—Catch every brasje Tb*t akime tbnaeas,Oar "clipper's" cure and fast.Then let as sing this song. Ac.With tbe Union at the "fore.*The stars and stripes waving high,Rake aft and wide With full broadside,Make "tooofocoa" «y.Then let as sing this song, Ac.Fling oat oar essiga free—» Let all our shot strike well;Old IronsidesWill breast tbe tides,With Commodore John BeH.Then let as elrg this song, Ac.CAMPAIGN BONG. te nil ye Oowgiae aeon give ear.VnSMtasrsrl o'er the sand, I'm going to build n Douglas ahtpOar Union abail perish—no never I United we'll atand, a nation*! band,Endur.Bg and laatug Ibrover; Oar country we'll eave from thetare;Our Unioo aba!! perish—ao never 1 Our Union ahall poriah—ao never IDEMOCRATIC BANNER. Again la our banner flying oat,Aroond It are good men aad true; Again obi democracy's about *R SALE-TintT REASON 4BLE, A FIRST RATI «. rtaao, utgoodonerw «»»»», -—-M_a—e.,—._,rStrikes t«r*or to anarchy'a crow;To the strife, then—ouaxapUlng are food. Oar aoidlora are unshrinking aad bravo;Booed that beaner undaunted thoy atoodAnd braved dark bigotry's wave.Qur banner:—the aame that of yoreOier tbe carnage of battle waved high,When the •«;<] diauk the patriot'a goro, Aad freedom's young shout rent the sky;Not alone o'er U.e flold of the dead— When councils, distract.-d and torn,O'er the lead fierce anarchy spread, A rain'ww It rose o'er the storm.S e e t i o n a a n d p a r t l e a w e r e b l e n d e d .Like hues o'er the storm cloud above,Ti eoeona aad hv.t tons were endedIn a halo of peace-In,a union of iova;Our banner to oui—democmsy moves Like the surge of a wide swelling sea,for anarchy's reign moat be o'erIn the land of the brave aad the free.AN "OLD ABE" BONG. Traa—"Uaele Ned."there was an old Sucker, and his name was Uncle Abe, Spitttlng rs_i long ago, long ago;Be wore an old tils seven loot "bore de grade,Obex de hole whar do com Juice go.Lay down de beetle and de crow,Fiji up de gourd wid whisky 0,Too much goat tree for poor old Abe; He is up far a Salt river go.Bti legs am so long as de bole of de bean, And h_ heels am not worry abort;He danced all night float in' down id be drink ob ee com juice a quart.Tie up de flatboat to de shore,Dance and go home wid do gals no Jnioe hard to And up dar, Untie Abe, ror no corn grow on Salt river shore.i Old Abe won, Seward take 'em worry bard, i were run down like do rain;i Greeley-didn't look berry sad, be play de debU some again.Lay down de nigger aad de nil, Hang up de cooney by de tail,Uw opdograndtopoorotdAbe, Hewgo-agupnaltrirertoaeiLTHE PATRIOT BELL. Town—"Roata the Bnw."Dark clouds o'er our nation are hanging, Though traitors amy cry "All Is well;"Up, Union men, and be ready To vote tor the patriot BoU.To vote for the patriot Belli, To vote tor the patriot Bell; Up, Union men, and be ready l a vote tor the patriot Bell.There'a one, and but one, that has power The** storm breathing clouds to dispel; go's tbecboiosand thebonoor abenetloaTbe atatoamen aad patriot Ball.The snasnnn aad patriot Bell I, Tbe statesmen aad patriot Bell; He's the choice ani the hope of the Tbe suteemaa and patriot BelLla city, town, Tillage and hamlet, On hillside aad mountain and dell, Ail good men and true will be risingTo vote for tbe patriot BaU.Harti bark! 'tis the noise of the people, Now loud, and now louder Its swell,till nil the broad welkin at ringing With shouta for the patriot BelLfair Liberty a children are totting, Of Liberty's foemen the knell—Tbe death dirge of treason and faction Is sung by tbe voters for BelLSeceders and traitors will trembie, And toction will silence her yell,When freemen the polls have surrounded To vote tor the patriot BaU.0 , will not this be a proud story For thouaaads.unborn yet to toll,Our true hearted fathers elected The statesmen and patriot BelLHurrah for the choice of the people, A man that bat few men excel; Hurrah tor the hope of the nation,The statesman and patriot BelLCHARGE,COMRADES, CHARGE.Am—"Benny Haven." Tbe campaign opens brightly—Come fellows, one and all,Unfurl year banners to the breene UpontheouterwallBut ere we charge the enemy Upon the open plain,We'U shoot aloud oar bat He cry For Breckinridge and Lane!The Douglas holds before onThe aoattor sovereign plan,Anunvia would cheat us of our rights,The tricky little man.But weU teach him, a n he leaves Met laid, His trials are to vainTo takA the Presidential chairFrom Breckinridge and Lane!For we strike tor equal rights to aU— Rights won on many n Bald,By the blood of sires and brethren, By men who never yield.The Little Douglas once deceived, But cant deceive again,Now we have braced ourFor Breckinridge aad LanelThen charge him boldly, Charge every man and y o u t h - Charge for tbe constitution, For jontice sad for truth.The toe is fading fast away, Like snow before the rain,As fiercely on them fail the met Of Breckinridge and Lane."Harkl from the tombs n doleful We hear a mournful yell—Old togies cry discordant Mas* For Everett and BaU.And put to flight the train, Those (basil men are aow too old VorBreokiartageendLanel-flat Beater street, near toe Aweary1IU8IOAL CARD-MRS 8EOCIM. PRMA DOsTMAOF HI toe late celebrated 8*gum Opera Troupe, beft telafona her friends and popiu afiat aha aaa reeoaaed her fatsos wtoose Stodyieg forth* pkrtor ehorolLen Ladiea can also receive 'West T weety 4 n t street0 R0AM8T WASTED- A PERSON TO PSRrORSI OV a nelodeen in a chorea caotr, for a modenOe salary A tody wbo cab stag and pay preferred, taquire at 21» Moor**streetPIANOS, isfELODBOrlH, AMD ALEXANDRE OsMAMf, •tew and eeooad aaad for sale or to rent at great satnahw. Metodeeas astowsaJM^hnsa. ETa. Mentalysalved for either. BeatHORACE WAT,p i Ai l AJ Nf O O r P o On Rr l T E F O R R A L E . - S P L E N D I D and stool, what ooat «NBbut aineI t ^ t o n w J t o S K ?^.with i it8o lovers of the Union, And lovers of the right; And honest men oTeWy i AM with oi in the fight;A DOUGLAS LAY. In other days, with fiery hand,The Troubadours of Song, Cor the lyre's wild, throbbingPoured heroic strain* along.They toU us how tbe knights of old,Arms flashing to the sun, Fought o'er the Holy Sepulchre,Onthefleldof Aakalon.Bow the Stuart fought at Flodden, Bow the Doogln rode awayWith Harry Percy's pennon, Iron the EngUsh border fray.Bow the proud Iberian giants, Round their orange banner rally,*AS the people rise in all their might For Breckinridge aad Lane t ^TSX LAST OF A DISHONORED "BILL.'* Am—'The Last Ron of Summer."The flower of Aubora Left'AU hit hopes of the White Hoon Vanquished and |No Helper isiToconsole with his an Or g i n sigh for sigh.'bnwetAnd coldly they bid To AuburnThough uaiag thy platform Itshailder they sparn.AN OLD FASHIONED YENDUE. Am—"Going, going, gone."Messrs. Hunt, Brooks and Duerto the market boon oflnring to toU saen j '•They remind one," Quilp says, "Bow, to oM nwAioned days7 'were preceded by bell-sMB."Sweeping down the slopes of.Pyrenees, To die at Roncetvalles.Butheroofhe.oesistheman-re,«he Promised Land ©f Lift. Here of heroes is the mane a T M * * " • l i o n ' s stot -l i X t t U l m *• foUowed knights6 Preul heroic soul. 'nAgwatT^Lo.nl to mtnd, thnrhoraa-. „ . . To one of the kings ofmca;Such is the great heroic one. Statesman ana Patriot trueWho worahino Right, and aunt the w « » - Andnghto^ntod,toryooT"• TM *For nobler than the knights of old Be toads to Freedona^an" " * Ant fights a prouder, grandor fight,For uriTersa! man.• J l T * * *?*!*, * " *•* Mhnown to fearl Bain your bold, manly voices now,like surer trumpets, calm and clear. What though bat few your numbers seen:Look back at old Thennopyhe.Ismight as when, long ago.Wtth but a ram's horn7feeble stand,ttegood.which BOWL e t t raise the shout tor Douglas, Tkjs Douglas of oar land,For h* will wield the sceptre, And give eat his commandThen three cheenPoor Lincoln shakes with He'll have to bang hisAnd wait a tow more years; Then three cheers for Douglas, Bo's generous, food asmBe's sorry for petAnd Lincoln's party, to*.Let's raise the shout tor Douglas, With knapsack on his back,B e tramped Into the cwnatry,Andstilliaonthetrack.Then three cheers for Douglas, And let the welkin ring,Till every land and aaltan Shall echo back again;Then three enters for Douglas, The hero of tbe WestDo net weep repubi icaas,Y ou're tried to do your best.THE BiCK DEMOCB,ACT.g^awwaw^n^nr^It's got the goal and measles;The doctors say It can be cured; So my the people.It's been ailing all along•sen grewing weak and feeble;Tbe system has been getUng wrong: So say the people.At Charleston all the doctors met To hold a consultation;Some said phytic, some said sweat, Son* a change of station.•fcYoa long have h e n caren'd,And while m wisdoms path you trod,Our aaUoa ton i n n blest.But yoo have trifled with our r i g h t s -Have watered to aad fro—For this you're every »here daspts'd,Democracy my Jo. Dmscracy n y Jo. John,You've ran n wicked r a n *Oar eecred righto have trampled on,8e wickedly and base.Your flawing deeds, In freedom's nanHave been your overthrow;A traitor's grave awaits you now,Democracy my Jo.Deaaecracy n y Jo, John, WeclambUwhill together,A M while yoo plead for human rights We clang to one another;Bat now you're tottering down, John, Yoa'U noon he lying low,Your name will pertah, sink and rot, Democracy my Jo.THE METEOR EXPLAINED. Twee July tost, the twentieth day,That Abraham made a betAnd Stephen, standing near, 'tis said, Quite certain he could win,Took np the offer Abe had made, And boldly staked his "tin."And as the Mauler full well knew There must be no delay,He forthwith sot himself to do The business of the day.And for n beetle head be took A barrel filled with steel,Determined (hat each blow he struck, Tbe iron wedge should feeLNext, he prepared a handle new, Adapted to his strength,Which was about five inches through, And just eight feet to length.And nising now his beetle high., Blow followed after blow;A L L FOR «A0.-PENMANSHIP AMD AEITHMATIC- A t*~Tr-r"r-, T liQBimi murintf or sookawantoa. flat-£m!££EE»b Ladies' wriOn* teeaooa » . u K o a a . »AIHR»8 Mereaatlle Coile«e. to Bowery. Mew YerkawalFatten sweet, B i o n i / n .k LADY WHO TEACHES FRENCH AMD ffBEMAaT L wwhntestoeprivateLeaaoastojafamUyorechool.ton reference given. Address M C. letter boi Ml New TortA FSKL.grre serrate lessors to the French language for ft perquarter, at residence, 12 private leaaoas on tkeptaao by a Freaehtody fully competeat, and puptl to the a m ssasWi freeaPan*,fi6 per quarter. Address L. XL,stationD,Bible Bouse.A LADY. A 8UFJUU0E PAINTING TIACHER OP much experience, desires to snake an eagasemeat, ether to a school or aa soreness to this etoy or at the anew* Thebent of sssMsaastoJi given, n ilsisss care of Teaehsr, bos kWI Post ottoe, Mew Torn.AMERICA* SCHOOL INSTITUTE, Swt BROA DWA T - Schools aad raneflies supplied won aaaBeferenaes Facmttos of Kasaere' endDr. LoweU Mason Wanted immediately, superior tea" *" ' ^ - ^ ^ - ^ S T H r w t ^ M A M AOO. LAD T. OF MAMY TEAMS EXPERIENCE IN TEACH-Thus they quarrelled, fought and swore, Aad all that's good derided,The flag that braved some sixty The battle and the breeze.j*uuin*, deairee a •ItoaUoa to a geed aoaool, aa aastataos er would take a stwatioa aa principal teacher In as orphan ear lum, or any other Institute eiaallar No objection to takeACADEMY OF PENMANSHIP AMD BOOKKEEPING. SCI Broadway, comteoed by W. C. BOOGLAMD, for • awall rt of Otirer B. Ooidamitk.ifu•i2, Ppr"e*d*8*1 **4 taoronirh. Pupils taught day aad eon tag, al boors to sofc their own conresueoce.F1BBNCB INSTTTUTE FOE YOUNG OENTLEMEN- No. 48 Meet T went? fourth street.Boarding and Day SohooL Leasoas will be recanted oe September 18. OlaBates1 asd Ccmatercial instruct***, kojrliah, Spanish, Oereaaa and French otodiea: (17 teachers,; <J.ia< nasties and KaoAattoa. kernes of puptla and parents, refe- rences, Ac., to etosakin. Tbtrr hr a iirimarj ibiiiarlsnilProf. BUB CHABLla^Dsroetor.FRENCH AND MUSIC TEACHES WAMYED —I WUH to emptor a tody folly competent to teeea Freoca ani mnste oo Ike piano, wtth atoning. Address la Preach aad Eajrhah James 8. HaBoweUT Principal, Alexandria, Vs., Female Seminary.\ f R8 A. COCTAN'S FRENCH AMD ENGLISH BOARD- i v l tog and Day School for young todies. No. m Fifth are- nue, corner of Thirty-first street, will reopen oa Monday, Sep- tember 17,\ f ESPR8. LMBPTNABSE AND ARTEAOA'S TRENCH ATI day aad boatftiig stonl. Nee 117, 119 and IH CUntao place.reopens on Tuesday. Sept. 4. Classical, Msthwmatiral and uomtaeretal Institute. The juvenile eepartmeet is always under tie special care of Mate. -MADAME QIRAOD'8 FMBNCH AMD ENGLISH Pl- mate Instkoto wUl reopen n Monday,teepwssberla. ow- ner Oariton and Orenavoaaee, Brooklyn. The buildtogtos beenenlargedduringthisvaeattoa,soastoaseetalltoewank of toeecaoaLM€SMB. |L. DM GRANDV AL'8 FRENCH BOARDING fecboei, clataical aad oommercial, liudaon terrace, Uo-boteo, M. J7 Terms $300 per annum. Annual •reran becias eeptomber L ^ ^l Y X E . J. W. CAUCHOnP ENOLISH AMD FRENCH JXl boardlc g and day acaool for yooag todtoa. XS» Waal Twenty third street (formerly 379 West Twentyeeooed street), will re-open Monday, Sept. 10 A punctual slienitsnti of bar napUs on that day is especially newasto A A class oilpaiat- togaadtowrovedOreclaa art toojrht on Satnrdays by suae. CAUCH0I8.NATIONAL TEACHER*' IN8TITUTB," KM BROAD way —Schoolsaad hsafltos searing eoatpctoat Teach ere can obtain tbe best talent for any department Teacherswanted as principals senkOnto or partners la toe diflereat States. Circulars and terms of school furpup.lsRICK A ANDREWS.Then adjourned to Baltimore To ten ton cms decided.So there they met with soap and And surgeons big end little.n a m ,CAMPAIGN SONG FOB 1S90. Cone ail true democrats and joinThe cohorts of the free;Douglas aad Johnwn toad the wayTo certain victory. Cuoscs—Then clear the trackTbe patient t o n w as getting worn, So say tbe people.Bat here again they c a n t a c n e , And high they rain their mettle,And act the fool most perfectly; S o n y the people.There's some who wish to amputate Upon a Southern table;Some want n bench from otherJSutes; Bo n y the people.At tost they in n passion flew, Their own affairs to nettle,And pulled the patient quite In two; So n y the people.HONEST ABE OF THE WEST.—"Star Spangled Banner," or, "Bonny Blue E'en."0 harkl from the pine crest hilts of old Maine,When the splendor first falLt from the wings of tbomorning.And away tat the West, over river and plain,Rings oat the grand anthem of Liberty's waning. From green rolling prairie it swells to the cea, For the people havo risen victorious and free;They b a n chosen our leaden, and bravest and bait Of them all is Old Abe, honest Abe of the West IThe spirit that fbogUt for the patriots of oldHas swept through the land and aroused us forever; to the pare air of Heaven a standard unfurled.Fit to marshal us on to the sacred endeavor IProudly the banner of freemen we bear;Noble the hopes that encircle it there!And where battle is thickest we follow tbe crestOf gallant Old Abe, Honest Abe of tbe West!There* a triumph in urging a glorious cause,Thoue'.i tbe b . taof the toe for a while may be stronger,Pushing in. far just rulers aad holler tows,Till u» ' lessoning columns oppose us no longer.But ou> * the loud piean of men who b a n pan'd Through (K •• f • niggles of years, and are victors at last:So forward -••:>!•' ieare to Beaven the rest, And trust >.• o . . aoe. Honest Abe of the WestlLo, see the bright scroU of the Future unfold!Broad farms and fair cities shall crown oar deTOlion;Free labor tarns even the sands into gold,And the links of her railways chain ocean to ocean; Uarges shail float on the dark river waves,With a wealth never wrong from the sinews of slaves;Aad tbe Chief, in whose rale ail tbe land shall bo bloat. U our noble OW Abe, Honest Abe of the Wast!Then OB to the holy Republican strife!And again for a Future as fair »s the morning,For the n n of that freedom more precious than lire,Ring oat the grand anthem of Liberty's warning, Lift tin) banner on high, while to moos tain and plainof the people are sounded again: Hurrah for the cause, of all n u n s the best!Hurrah! for OW Abe, Honest Abe of the West!for Uttle Who's always eon to win;NlW YORK HERALD, THTOSDAY, AUGUST 30. 186».•V—•-- •IIi -"THE 60NG OF THE OLD A UOO- .POLITICIANS.- oath in his m o u t h -Peers andCom-Bow shall I travel? an old whig said,The lost old whig, whose party was dead; The old lost whig, tbe top of whoso head No longer by crops of hair was fed—O, the devil,Bow shall I travel fMy stage 1s upset, the eld democrat cried,My ship is a wreck, and the crew divide; Is there as wagon whoreon I caa.r'de r My favorite nags have all of ahem died.Alan, the evu,Bow can I travel*My friends have been scattered, the native sighed, No more I behold them oiote by my aide ;They havo wandered tor, they have wandered wide, O,aretheyliving» 0,wheredotheystriderO, the devil,Where de they travel rAnd a voice spoke out; I wilt toll ye howYoo all may travel, and safely, too—Bow to meet your friends in «jovial row, Bow to end your whinlngs and aad DOw-wow;Ac i this is my tale ; Come ride en the rail With the Lincoln boys, And snare their joys,For with them it's all fair weather.And the trio cried out—"We think it is b e s t -On reflection we'U go, yes, we'U go with the rest;Come, hasten, tot's all go together."DEMOCRACY MY JOE. Ten*—"John Aoderaou my Jo." Democracy my Jo, John,When we were first acquaint,Your nrlnciples were rigat and just,AndT free from slnrery taint.Tbe cause of freedom was your aim,Which history will show,T h e r i g h t s o f m a n y o u d i d p r o c l a i m ,Democracy my Joe.Democracy my Jo, John, The tables now are turn'd.The sacred c a n e you once n p o n ' d You've vililfied and spara'd,To oar forefathers' solemn words, ' You've prov'd yourself a toe—Free speech and tabor you despise, Democracy my Jo.Democracy my Jo, John, Baa bean a magic name,Its charming sound has kindled op Men's bosoms to n flame;No other name ben such n Bway, That vary well you know;Bat then art sadly gone astray, Democracy my Jo.theaoawrionigof their sneaetactnn far the neat **""• PlAh-Qfl TOBXMT.taut/**D??oefwa?'Jt!i!!ta,»t ftr many yearsam Teacher, BreoklraAnd never thus did sp'aniers Since rails began to grow.fly,Dog, The'Tailers" with their "ugly mug''Log after tog now disappeared Before bis giant stride,At d pile on pile of rails was reared Arour.d on every side.And n the sun withdrew its glare, Alt' night spread out her pall,Ten ihousaad rails were tying there, Split by that mighty mauLBut strange to n y , the steel confined Within that beetle's head,By friction, and the son combined, Glowed brightly, hot and red.And with a force none eould surpass— And power much increased,Abra'mnowhurlstheburning man Upward aad toward the East.Like aome tremendous rocket, thrown From catapult ic hand,This flashing meteor brightly shone l i a r o'er a n and land.Millions of people gazed with aws Upon the splendid sight,And knew not that tbe'bali they n w Was Lincoln's spreading light.Eastward with rush ing s e n d It fled, To And in Maine its rest,And flashed aroond our Hamlin's head A greeting from the West• SONG FOR THE UNION. B u n for the Union forever:Like brothers, united well stand. And palsied the hand that would severThe States of this God favored land. Buzza for the Union forever;Your bearto and your bands to it give United, there's none who can severOar Union—oh, long may it Uve.Then, freemen, arise in your might, Drin sectional discord away;May the stars on your banner be bright As the sun in meridian day.Come, friends of your country, arin, lend your aid In the glorious n a n ;Your motto exalt to the akin,"The constitution, the Union and laws." Wake, friends of your country, awake;To the n a n of the Union be true; For your leaden pure patriots take;Vote for BeU and for Everett too.Then, huzza tor the Union for ever; Letourflagproudlywano'ertheland;Not a star blot out—oh, no, never! But destined forever to stand.CAMPAIGN SONG. AIR—"Cocachelunk."Tell as not, to faithless numbers, That our hopes are but a dream.What reek we of Lincoln's thunders? They an nrt the things they seem,BeU is true, and Everett earnest, And the Union is their goal:To the car of Union harnessed,They wUl work with ail their soul.They're ben tried, and ever faithful To their country's n a n were found;When we take them to the White Hoage, Then the Union's infe and sound.WUl find they "can'tOar motto is, "the people's right To rale where'er they be;""Nonintervention" we proclaim, With "Popular Sovereignty."Ononcs—Then clear the track, AcThe constitution and the tows Shall always be maintained;This land with fratricidal blood Ought never to be stained.Cuoscs—Then clear the track, Ac.From shore to shore, from sea to sea, Make the glad tidings known,DouglasandJohnsonarethemen We'U e n d to Washington.CHOKCS—Then clear the track, Ax.is,'Let n , t h n , he np and doing,We will beat them, sure as Otto;While republicans pursuing, With a sent inveteran* onto.ANVIL CHORUS.Did yen see then fin the cannon For Breck., on Thursday night? There w u something emblematicOf his party in she s g h t .With powder to the swath, Like Bill Yancey overloadedThe seceders of the South. And w h n the gun war ready,An old fnsn w u hi, AndthennthatdidtheloadingHe dashed the walls of Jericho. Champion's of right! In coming years,Whn your herculean labor's dene, Your names wUl shine on Glory's nroUBeside the name of Washington!THEN SHOUT FOR DOUGLAS.A r W f f c B M *To right and left th; lerJgthenlng linn they formAnd ranked in decf array await the storm. Then rniEe the shoot for DougUs. gen*Deemed it best to "an." So, in next November,The loaders of Breck. 'fgua WUl scaredv light the ftme,Untitled DocumentHurrah, hurrah, hurrah!From ant and West, from North aad South,,To sail upon dry land.Chorus—Sing blow ye winds of morning,Sing blew ye winds hs-o; Three cheers for gallant DouglasThat laid Leoompton low. My crew ahall all be Doogtas meall'li hire no other iThey're able to atand before the mast And I can trust in them., Sing blow ye winds, A cMy snip to part of the platform, Brought from the Buckeye State,The irery plank that Ooeg. stood on. The only ones were atretghl.Sing blow ye winds, Ac. My mast was brought from Tennanejl;From General Jackson's farm, It's able to sail the ship for me, And stand the bardnt atorm.Sing blowyewihds, Ac. My clerk shall be from Michigan,With n biokwy in his naad; To keep a true corre« accountOf every Douglas man.Sing blow ye wtods. *»•The Pilot that shall steer my ship Shall be from Illinois;Be shall bear the Doagtes flag, For he's one of the boys.8iog blow ye winds, Ac. My mate shell be from old Keatuok.Hto own dear native land,To toad the ship with Doogtas menAnd start for Washington.Slag blow ye winds, Ac.In eighteen hundred and sixty My ship she wHl set n i l ,With all the Douglas men on board, With a eweel and pleasant gale.Sing bkw ye winds, Ax.No snags shall Interfere with us An we Bail on by toad;We'U atop at every port we pass andtakeonDouglasmenSing blow ye winds, Ac.My captain shall be Doogln, With a compass in his hand;We never shall cast anchorTUi we are safe to Washington.Sing blow ye winds, Ax.We'U escort him from the ships And place him ia bis chair; With bis cabinet by bis side,We'U lnve him thi re four years.Sing blow ye winds, Ax.H0NE3T ABRAHAM. Ttnra—"Washing Day."'Tis weU to have the people meet, And manifest their joy,By singing songs and talking of "Old Abe" otUIinois.Be is the only man, my boys, Of all the candidate*,Who's fit to be tbe President Of these United States.CHoaca—Hurra, hurra, hurra, h u m , F o r H o n e s t A b r a h a m ;Hurra, hurra, hurra, born,For he is just Uw man.There's Breckinridge aad old John BeU.And Uttle "Story Dug;"A motley crew, t to very t n e ,And each to a humbug.But Abraham, the people's choiceIs honest, frank and true, And he n n beat them all at oneAad be will do it, too. CBOBOB—Hurra, Ac'Mong aU the other candidates, There's not one of the threeWould raise his voice or hand to keep Our Territories free.But " Honest Abe" has always been, And is the white man's friend,Aad therefore d o n not wish the c o r n Ofslavery to extend.Cnonn—Hurra, A cWe'll send him np to Washington, To dwell the next four y e a n ,Which wiU no doubt make ' Shed " alligator tears."And in that famed «' Salt river" They had better let then faU,for up that melancholy stream We'U send them one and all. ' Caosrs—Hurra, burra, hurra, hurra,For Bones t Abraham; Hurra, hurra, horn, horn, For he is just the iTHE FLAGOFLIBERTY. Am—"Auld Lang Syne."The floating Flag of Liberty, Of freedom's son's the boast,Bs oton and stripes long may they w a n Upon Columbia's coast.The only flag that fredom rears On toad or o'er the s e n .Tbe flag that stood some sixty ; The battle aad the breeze.Tpjaid the trampled righto of man.The"foremost tn'the baitfe'snSC' It never floats in vain.The mariner when e'er he steers, In every clime he s e nThe flag that atood sons sixty; The battle and the b m n .If all unite n once we did.' With Lincoln's flag unfurled,Columbia then may fearless bid Defiance to the'world.Bat fast would flow the nation's tears ir lawless bands should n t nf were green In tbe end, as will shortly be n< tbe King of the Union, good Henry the Tniro,rooltoh commotion with sw row he beard, • hastily summon'd Church, Commons and Peers, beg'S their aesistanw to quiet his fears,)THE BRA VE, OUT-SPOKEN REPUBLICANS OF THE SL A VE ST A TES.Y e heroet to n tend of gloom,With your bright torches flaming high!Y e men with hearts of lion strength, And the keen -flashing eagle eyeiCalmly, yet bravely, p m s ye on, Until your glorious standard wavesIn the clear, balmy Southern nlr, Radiant above your fathers' graves.Where the red storm of battle roUed, With oar own fathers, side by side—01 there your glorioos martyr Girn, In the great cause of freedom died.Did they poor out their precious blood, Copious as gashing summer rain,That slavery's curse, which England sent Might here forever more remain?Did your b r a n fathers struggle on,Through toil and suffering, to their graves, That here their proud, luxurious sonsMight lord it o'er their crouching starest 0! could then noble sins reply—"0 ! might their mouldering ashes s p e a k - How would Fear's pallid. ghastly hueO'erspread Oppression's blanching cheek Go, read their thrilling words of fire,in that old hail of Freedom's birth— Those words that, since that sacred hoar,With joy and nope have rilled the earth. A ye, now, on fair Delia's plains,Those words of freedom echo loud • They rend the Boorboa heart with fear, like voices from the tempest cloud.0! ye are worthy of your race,Brave song of Southern martyr siresWho, spurning mammon's bribes and threats Arekindlingfreedom'sbeaconfires!While ye have slept, a stealthy band Of devotees at slavery's shrineHave screamed and plotted, night and day Your liberties to uttdemtoeTTheir fiendish work is well nigh done! -Hare FJI«» '««ht of speech to-day? Could such a man u Franklin spnkfAnd could John Wesley preach or pray?OOBGOOL1 English, Classical aad Cteaaaeretol Boarding aad DayIs not the boasted Southern pTen P In slavery's fetters firmly bounffBajnth the Austrian's kingly sway Can meaner censorship he found?Champions of troth, like Cassius Clay,^w „Ak»h«ttmnl«oftbe!resr *i God tortbe right! His arm of power0 1 w l .* A!w"»TMm•nJTtass, then,For Johnsn, too, hutnh. Ournomineesthepeopleplease•^ *["""•'' "' .:.»:•,-..jWTffc GREAT BBLL OF LTNCOLN.loo** town, n n o Kugtiehmon say, InvtoaVoosn»ethw*wMthewe*iltopay; . . tFbHrwt;o.a.-* wn*^i.,"««mBuVApP^aarnli»am6ae*n"ttatbweyr dared to rfwebeli, fAndlvowS tbey could govern themselvesi folto aiiwelL Now this town bad a name for wool, » « ^ ' M d * T ' But what ttey most wtoh'd, a n a man with a h e a d - A una of * * people, who could not do gooa er aarm, A sort of rail»plttter to spin thorn n yarnThe? made a great talk to g't ep revolution,An« also, f upset the old constitution;They vow'd that old customs they'd sweep clean away, And the South they would rule, without yea or any. Tb*y drees'd theawelvre up in a color called greenOrrtt Smith, Cerrtt Smith, Heavy parse and light wit.A f at, footu>t gander to •*»<*— By knaves by pocrlttoal,And sharpers prvlttMei,Who'd snake tbe poor man "run a Gerrttfimtth,Who'd make the BOOTman "ran aBreck aad Laae, Breck Trtoa and true are the t< Stansawn—act eputten ofWho, as cantata and naatoOf the great ahlp of State, The people wul ship toi"Fo what," cried the King, " w then Lincoln hoys m e n ,•tog my colon and taking up green* e tor all! East, Wnt, North aad' South,flowd my blood." With" Pray what do tbey want* Come, speak I I attend .'• The Nobles and Commons they bew'd aad they ken d, Bat stlaM were all. Then the Abbot aron,And tbe tip of hie thumb be applied to bis nose,Saying. ••Sire, If tbe troth yoa weald here hnve me toU, Whit then Llnoolners want, I think, is n BaU.Forrtho', n yoo know, they've a very high townThey have not any ball there, to ring out the boor.And the fault of the wbcle.n-ay I venture to say,I —that they do not exact!/ know the time of the day. So, it yoa would silence then Lincoln* \Pray give them a Bell with a very large"It shall be done," cried the king.saonen agreedThat a BeU for old Liscola would stand t h e n In need; "For in nil bells there's fusion—'tis what we require, And this Bell, no doubt, will stop all their ire."So the gret Bell of Lincoln was order'd thai day,Thi expense of the same, why—the neepto might pay. And strange to relate, at I U very first scundpeople of Lincoln came Hooktog around,ao i l i i i i d with the tone nofarentoln toll—each Lincoln man swore be woold ettok by the BelLSo (he country nil quiet, the good King at n o t .That gnat Bell of Lincoln e'er since bat been bless d. Then rtog out our Bell, let him sound far and wide, Andsoonhe'UbecomeeachLincolnboy'spride.THE UNION A RAIL TO BE SPLIT. Ant—"Sad. aad the Fate."Inst night I had a curious dream, I'U tell yea what It was, Sir.I n w a wondrous comic s e e n Way down io Illinois, Sir.In Springfield town I seemed to see Old Abe with heavy maul, Sir,I n w bis blown, remorseless. free,Upon the Union fat', Sir.fthronging host around hint d n w , Disun.. n'c wedge to drive, Sir—leir furious strokes fuU well they knew The South from North woold rive, Sir.The motley crowd was dark and dean, And mil more ctom'ron gre «, Sir,Tbe rails told op la Abe's old fence Wen backed by that whole crew, Sir.With papers filled was each nan's hat, And each did seek promotion;And Uncle Abe was punted thatB i s f r i e n d s s h o w e d e a c h d e v o t i o n .For every oflin, every job,Twice twenty men were cnllingjWhile loader, hoarser grew the mob, And every man wa* bawlingFew Southern men in that railed throng Bent down with eupple knee, Sir,They'd heard the taunt, they'd felt the wrong, And wore not there to see, Sir.Bat hark, that about! and hear that BeUI The Giant Train has come, BirrOh, Cncle Abe, yoo are not well— Your friends are carel aad done for.United now, the South aad North, Go on in peace together:So tot then be from this time forth, Forever, and forever.T o n Union men, let's work away — We've got theblankIn tight. Sir;Old Abe will toll on 'lection day, No matter hew they fight. Sir.Hurrah for Douglas, firm aad t r u e - Hurrah far Bell and Union;The Linconite* are looking b l u e - Hurrah for Doug, and Johnson.NOWS THE DAT.Am—"Scots wha aae." Now's the day and HOW'S the hear ,See, oh ne, dnwntor tow»r,All this toed feels Jimmy's power,For John C. Breckinridge.Who in this high North and Went, Whothat torn htohome'ssweetrent, To see his wife aad children h i n t ,Will not torn aad nee.Wide oppression every when. Threat'nlng all with civil war, Land sales sweeping to the mar,At proud Jimmy's wULAnd wiU not toy the young man down, Ere he g r a n oar country's crown, And we're hambled 'neath the throne01 hixnaatoatx.Up! ye Gcphen! np,I nyf On the all important day, Show you love America-Love the North aad W n t .Doogln to the man tor me, Territories wide and f r e e - Next November we snail seeDouglas President.ROW AWAY, BRECKINRIDGE. Am—"Tomblgoee River."On the Sangamon river, n stream now held dear, Abe Lincoln, when younger, n flatboat did steer; But now, etace the people bare found him n true. Tbey'U eke* him to pilot the nation's canoe.Then row away, Breckinridge, oyer tbe e n ,You're n near to the White Boose n ever you'U be; Then row nway, Douglas, for then Is small doubt Your craft wUl soon prove bat a Uttle dug-out.Democracy's minions are gasping for breath;Abe Lincoln is mauling the rascals to death;He'U give them no quarter, he'U rest not his maul, TUI Book, Breck and Douglas go down with them ail.CHOBCS—Tuen row away, Breckinridge, A cFree homes for the people, protection for tod;Fred speech through the Union, free press end free soil; Free schools for the children, and free churches, too, Are principles Lincoln la pledged to pat through.CHonrs—Thon row away, Breckinridge, AcThe millions that circle the banners we bearIs proof to the world there the honest men are.We I ear not the threatening, foul factions or Baal, With Old Nick at their head and Old Bock at their tail.•stones—Then raw nway, Breckinridge, fin.A SONG OF LD3ERTY. Am—"Bran's Address."Fathers! Brothers! Freemen—all! Obey your country's argent ceil, Freemen atand, or Freemen fail—Foes to Slavery.Who a Freeman could enslave, Deserves to fill a felon's gravs; He's a tyrant and a knave—Man's worst enemy.Keep our Territories free From the curse of Slavery. Let your cry of battle be,God and Liberty.Go forth, Freemen, In your might, Beneath this Banner, to the fight. Strike for Freedom aad the Right,God and Liberty.SONG OF THE UNION.Ding-dong! tbe bellTolls the death kneU LOTo disunion. Only,Ding dong! the beU.See how our ranks do sweUFor the Union. Ding-dong! the bellOn the mountain in the deU, For the Union.Ding dong! the marriage beU, Assures us that all is weUFor the Union. Ding dong! the church beU,Join to the anthem's swell For the Union.Ding dong! the ocean beU Tells n the ship is weUFortheUnion.• Ding dong! the steamboat beUTells n "there is no seU" •- In the Union.Ding-dong! plantation bell, Shows on how Lincoln feUBy disunion!PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS. Ant—"Ho! For the White House."Honest Abe, honest Abe,Yon ore only n babe,To dream of the President's chair •Not even BUI Seward,Whom Horace sent leeward,Could ride on the nigger in then,« _ . . . Honest Abe, Could ride on the nigger In then.Little Giant. Little Giant,Though bold and defiant,Your time for the White Hoon aio't come;U may ill n i t your taste,But for four years at least,You must play the squatter at home,_ Little Gtont, You must play the aqustter at home.Johnny Ball. Johnny Bell,Though the funeral knell .O'er the body of whigdom had sounded—Yet should hVrett stamp hard,By a corporal's guard f Yoa sny in defeat be Burrounded,Johnny BeU, Yon may in defeat be surrounded.Sam Houston, Sam Booston,You're something to bout on, You've put all your foemen to rout;Bat my dear Uncle Sam,Your party is a sham,The mere soldier alone is played oat,Uncle Sam, Tie snore soldier nlcoe it played oat.PANISH LANGUAGE—THOSE W1BHIN0 TO AC quire n Ihorougk knowledge of the above Language from a native of Spain, can obtain the eervtoas of Professor*DBl_.LOSA,Loroyplaee.Mo.7 (Hotel de U Habaaa).rpKAC7HER.-A WELL KDUCATKD LADT. HAVINO A toaght many years on toe old and new or^Hnoat, dearss a akasttoa aa governess to a private family, or would receiveday ssketon to n small town where toseatog la act ao teaera_ nwawtos the hngaages. she teaehes sanete and stogtog. Refe- reacea gtveo aad taken. Address R B., 191 Stanloa streri.ffTBl COLLBOIATE SCHOOL, NO. 71 WEST FOUR A leenth street, corner of Sixth avenue, now In its forty firstyear, reopen on Monday. Beptemqer A wtth every advantage for the education of youth ia both the elementary and Straw btenesntoaaetontand awnawAhweranees, bookkseptaiandall ot her departments of a complete school course. To osest urgent o!!e•m••e•a•as. f#oMrMi*ncreased asesJBBass•-sn-*to-n•-s.tIhke. awoka/oMollbtuniwllnimlngr has been ooBSteerably enlarged durtog the summer saasttoa. Tne Rector u aaauned by twelre experienced leathers, aad can thus Insure to each acholar a doe share of' ladlriaoal at toattoa. Pupils are received at all ages, and thoroughly pre- pared for coUege orQ. P. QUACKENBOS. Rector. TOBACCO AMD SKOARB.AT WBO^flBATjT^eaWAM^^^ TBC sat A Oaaa buyers ere on*eredjjs*t Inducemeeto.O. CHEEKS. V BroadsDAT BOAT FOR WEST POINT, CORNWALL, NEW- burg, MUton and Ponghkesesls—Tbe atearnboat ALIOA win leave Jay street pier oaily at 8JO A M„ touching at Thlr- tteto street aad arrrrtng at Poaghknpeis t i l P. M., leanag PoughkeepsleaJ J P. « . returning to the city at 6JO P. M. Passangsrs tor Albany. Troy, Saratoga or any point Wasteaa make s e n o n n e t t o n at PonghteepMs. Baggsge tranferrsfilT^_72J22i1?I..Ha**jrD AJ,D FOBTBAMILTOB.- J? TbelfAUEHONwiUrendaUythroagbtheeese^STEAMBOATSplendid blue fishing and aea bathing- V E , C A P T . MINER TUTBILU p . wUl lean Mew York for atony Brook and Port Jeffersea. L. L, from toe foot of outer street. Bast river, oo Thursday. Aognst » , at 10 o'clock A. M.; Saturday. Sept L •» 10if^JAA..M.;;Tuesday,,beptt4,,att1.A'.at:Thursday,Sept.A111 A. M., and on Saturday, Sept 8, at 11 A M.STEAMBOAT UNDBRWRI/KR FOB 8ALE.-IB m feet long,JS'^feet beam,9Htonsburthen,hasa48task cylinder. V foot stroke, has a new boiler, and is in perfect or- der for business Can be seen at the foot of Thirtieth streetNorth river. For terms of sale apply to W. DIOROOI. Us rroai streetAHtowiu nip usaTTJSUOaVA*.a OBSATLY 1MPAOVBD PUJOrOETTLLIGHTS! A BBADBTJtT, Manufacturer* ofA KsTW SCALEovEsurrBUNo B A M ,PiTKNT inSULaTED PULL IEOST FEAMB, QKAXD A*D K)UAES «AKOrOKTBS, Mo 411 Breams streetrTOtOSTO EEHT.a poernov AS TKACHER or MUSIC AITP PAJNT- Tor n u ; years. Address Teacbar, Brooklyn PoaToEe,,/ 1HICEJCRLHO A SOFTS,Manufacturers ofOBAf D, BQUAEB AMD UPBIOHT PTAMOaV. Wanronsa #M Broadway.C. A BOMS n v e been awardntawttelstt prim aiatoM larl^IRST PBSMIOM OOLDr..MEDAL PlaJfMioufacturera-BCH CKTZl A LUDLOFF, fill I tons warranted tairodirptaaowhtoLeoattaOO. IwttlseUA this day for HA MassM cent for learning. 8 M*AEST8IN, areas.be i--c e ^ t & t r . a a « r SSwS - ^ s w e ^ t l .of for tow that hal/ it* actual value u* i /. The piano u full T octave, eaagentavoaawA^eornorof TwatastreetTHE TROLODIAN -ADAPTED FOB BOTH SACREDlock. Pale*."* »*A Keeelved larrt MlTer^aeda^etJta fairUw profession. This toatin»eot ia peculiar!} adaptea far Lkiuubte. in sVrensmwntotosnnrehtontomWANTED IMMRDIATKLT- SOPRANO, FOB AIErtseopal church; salary $I7f. Apply that (Tharaday) afternoon, at EM4th av.WANTED-A POgmON. AS TEACHER OF MURO aad atotottog, to aa taetilnte, byatody who aaswaaw*AMD BOMSSchool, wtth fine playground and gymnasium, 47 and 41WaalS'atxto sweet, betweea Broadway and Sir. i avenue. Mr.ERNST, takes eaarge of a uatitod nnntberef boys Reopens September 10.EDUCA TION.-FEBNCH ANDbefore lottocs.tok rke for safety they will ran.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comOn.on.ioriBteryt~ 'Rmgsfcrthone battle cry; O'er hill and dale it pours along•w , W M a» 