 Ajfonafxim ram •mmia.!• A » Ovi w W 9L%—1» AS» OBJ «» " £ *Cut 0AW—Au.HAIXOw Bvn. B0W1BTIvsatag-Waun OBttnv-. - WUAUB TSU--ROBB ss' Ltroyed before the conflagration could be subdued. Utah advices to the 17th inst, by the Central overland route, have been received. The news Isunimportant and meagre. Brig ham Young was en- gagedins'artingschoolsandacademies.Among the exports of cotton domestic goods lastrepublic,andtheHouse,after asharpdebate, referred the document to the Judiciary Com- mittee.manner, and Mr. Buchanan, when elected, if he did not see fit to serve, might allow the duties of the office to devolve upon the Vice Presi-9AMBM, •roadway,WALLACMTHIATBE, Broadway ITUIATRS. OtciallytotheresolutionintroducedbyPennsyl- directappealshouldbemadetothecountry whichthesameclassofjournalshasreached NewYorktobepitWished.Thesejournalistaaro vania Covode, which called for a special com- Mr. Buchanan would be as enthusiastically sus- amongst us, conditions are required, which we all a mean, contemptible set, who da not scrapieM l Tnwra TotcrtMJi-Sr. BUSY'S Bvs—WiArtn. I n wBROADWAY BOUDOIR. Ms Broadway.—Afternoon and i HSISIAB-MUNCAL JUiAia«-Po»cuuriu.o'»BOASASDS.- A I M FBAIICAW. «M Broadwnv.-LivsB T a o a - I*PniUIllmiUI-ILFAUT40OHrO»tSSOITOU- IUTI M FlSaSB _______B A B K U 1 T 8 A S m B f C A * WTJROCM. B r o a d w a y - A t W •ooa u d B»—in Don Caein m UASAS—OSTHA* Or G* •iVA-Lrrisa Cvsiosrrss, Accoefined to about 400 a M0 hales, on the basis of quota- tions gtren la another comma, The foreign new* wa» mote favorable to breadatufls, and the flour market was firmer, with a good demand from the trade, white sales were made to a fair amount. Southern Hoar was ingooddemand,andpricesfirmer.Wheatwas more inquired for, and the sates embraced about 10,CU> b u s h e l s , i n c l u d i n g c o m m o n r e d S o u t h e r * a t $l 25, fair white do. at 91 60, And Iowa spring At S'I 20. Corn was also dim and in better request, withthetimewhenitwasintroduced,ontheground TBEASSEMBLY.—Thesixcity railroadgridirons hithertoexisted almost entirelybythe atten- factthatithasbeensent,andthatamplefunds thai its statements were vague and unsatisfac- were rushed through the lower house at Albany tion which it paid to class opinions and preju- have been contributed. The money bos been tory to the last degree; but it woe adopted by during the postprandial session on Thursday used on both sides to pay the expenses of the\io thefirstdegree, Is drawing to a close. Judge NEW YORK HERALD. Bossell sat in the General Sessions to a late hoarthe heart ofis poaring her cannon 'and the elements of war mouths.11 ••moo* B « M I T T - BNTOK AID monanm.I JSWSwawwSU SmSwW rw 9t*rV^KMt*Jf,lastnight,inorder to finishthe testimony. The •naming up wfll take place this morning, who* the esse will be given to the jury in the afternoon.The Polke Commisaioners met yesterday after-•ooa, aU the members present except Mayor Wood-Very little business was transacted, owing to theinto the Italian quadrangle that has for »o t In this sUte of things the attitude of the Pre-many ages been the scene of European con- sident U above oil praise. His message will fight anotbsr d*y; but to run away before th? TOfsd by royalty la the summer of ISoO.after which they adjourned. tr couMXsroirDEMcm, em**** *m«£**tbe fishy democrats and the black republicansreading of the bill to repeal the doty on paper/Has a n jnurfar•/ urnawrll; if «•»£,w k sjr. aV»oVs r » H W Counro*Dsan ASM.»«. OOA large meeting of republicans was held inBrooklyn last evening, for the purpose of ratifyingthenoiiiiijationofThoa.W. Field for Collector ofTaxes,JohnWilliamsforStreetCommissioner,and Disgraceful Attack tpomthe President— J. C. DnryeeforCommissioner of Repairs andSup-are conspiring together to tramp up false removes oil uncertainty as to the passage of charges and miserable insinuations against the the measure. The boon conferred by it on theoharacter of so able, so upright and so faithful working classes of Great Britain will be im- apublicservantasMr.Buchanan,andhisre- mediatelyfelt,inasmuchasitwillatoncemul-their opponents to defeat them. They say tirat money bos been contributed b y certain mer- chants of New York to aid the caaservativs cause, and the proof of this is to be foaad in thesecretcircularwhichbosappearediathe newspapers. Bat it is well known that the re- publican merchants ofthis city—those who "selltheir goods and not their principles"—have slot contributed money to their own party in Con- necticut and Rhode Island to assist thorn 1st the irrepressible conflict. The difference ia that the republicans know bettor bow to keepown secret, and are not so leaky as toocrats, particularly tbe Now England democratic editors, one of whom sent too circular book toOf AfOO»week were 187 packages, valued at about $19,000,to the Amoor river, formerly Northern China, now mittee to investigate certain vague insinuations tained as was tbe Hero of the Hermitage in 1832. do not expect to see immediately fulfilled incotton was very dull. wondrous to behold, Italy, the cradle and home Our correspondent at Aspinwall states the new of ecclesiastical despotism, the people that forNow, the Forney-Haskin clique, and the black republicans in Congress, ore pursuingand the resources for the developement of its enterprise. Of what earthly use, for instance. would it have been to make such an experi- ment in Washington, whose prosy journals are suited to the stagnating atmosphere of a city which is only stirred up by the powder expend- ed in an occasional Congressional brawl ?It will take time, as we have shown, to de- velope the full benefits of this inrprjrtant mea- sure. Once, however, English journalists be-gin to appreciate all the tobederivedfromit,wemayexpecttofinda HenryBWiesns,echedule of steam communication between Car-fifteen centuries has had no national or political with Mr. Buchanan the same game which tbeJohn Kerr, Edward P . Oowles, John 8. Boat, Thomas B Tower. John B. Bahcock. John Kelly,rot; KIWI IB Stephen R Bowe,Anthony J. Hal,Hugh SmiU Hugh Smith,Jacob Sharp, Peter B. snrseass B H. Marshall, Jacob HaysCharlsa W. Lawi John Kennedy, CharlssC. Clark, W a Baveatva, John C Thompaos,she ssrvtoe was to be performed monthly.The Chiriqoi gold seekers from this city are re-ported to have failed entirely in the object of their adventure. Coffin and Genther's parties have be- come disorganized. Of Genther's party one person (a Mr. Hennegaa, of Bloomfleld, N. J.,) has died,herself a'nation, groat and powerful, upon the Buchanan took* office, he found he had not revolutionary platform of Europe. It is the places for all the hungry beggars that sur- greatest spectacle that the age has seen. rounded him, and as they waxed clamorous orBut where will these progressive changes impertinent they were quietly set aside.interested more or less in these infamous jobs, and the statement has met with some credit from the public. Judging from the significant silence with which the passage of these bills is received, it would appear very probable that tbe charge is true, and that the newspapers of New York are in the same position that theJohn Stuart, James S Hunt, John Fay, William H. reck, Thomas B*aa,H O n T O SWm. MrDermoU, WBI. McCaSrl,Fits Greene BaUeck. Jay S Treat,Pica, via Monkey Point (Gorgon Bay) to San Me-guilito, on Lake Nicaragua. Preparations were tories to the present policy of peace with making to bufid a new city at dlorgon Bay, and a France, in the drawing closer together of Rus- large party contemplated leaving Greytown for that sia and Austria, in the sturdy resistance of theTJtNTIi AVKSCJ-: ROAD.purpose. Pope to the Napoleonic ideas, and in theJohn T. CODover, Truman Smah, KulusF. An Lews, Justin 1>. White, Elijah D. Holmes, Debs D. Wolf,Mosea Ely,Matthew T Breaaasu Blojnifield Usher, John MMUM,LeonardI W. lirauuM-ctThomas _absence of the Mayor. The resignations of PeterChirris, doorman of the Fourteenth ward, and B. waits her chances to share Use oonfllot and theof the republican army. General Webb is very properly in favor of fighting. It Is the onlyW. Tuttle, patrolman ofthe Second ward, were re- prey. From this rapid but exact view of theDorr isdoubt. Lot it be thoroughly understood that jority obtained by Mr. Gladstone on the second publicans, on tbe ground of foe moans used byceived and accepted. Several resolutions werepresented and laid over until the next meeting,course of affairs In Europe, it will be seen that in the last half century the progress of the revolution against feudal despotism has been great, though it is not yet triumphant The struggle for peace has yet to come.plies, who will be the republican candidates for those offices at the election on Tuesday next.TMo Special Message.The proceedings in the House of Represen-nomination and election for another term are beyond peradventure.tiply the number of cheap journals, and of cheap publications of every sort It does not follow, however, that because the experiment—CoixccsSOW BOWKBT TR1ATKB. Bowery-Rmtm nr Wo while prices were not quotably tower. Thesaleswereto betray their friends. The republicans ore and mysterious inuendoes against the Execu- England. more true to each other—their circular ban nottive. Objection was made to the resolution at CONSl'MMATION OF THE RATLROAO SWINDLE IN The newspaper press in that country has yet seen the light, though it is not the less aBBTArr»«mmBi«,Meehaades'Hell,<:tBro*dway- moredemgatratesgivent»anotherplace. Porkwas ., to.—wa UMU IIOI THA HIUAleading English newspapers have changedtheir political course whenever it suited theirfancy to do so, without at all endangering theircirculation. Thetruthis,thatindependentof areintbesamepredicament Asageneralamort**SOMADAMCSS,ACTRIPLE SHEET.FVndolDespotismtothe Revolution. The news from Europe presents a fair aspect ki-duy, but beneath the surface the current is running strongly towards a mighty conflict be-tbewhigsanddisappointeddemocratswasthe inallthesebillsisidentical—aflagrantrob- immense money power wielded by the Bank bery of the property of the city of New Yorkparty, and the outside ^pressure upon Old for the benefit of a few rapacious individuals, Hickory was tremendous. Party spirit has most of whom are entirely unknown in thistion. Amongsttheworkingclassesthepenny putes between the Jackson and anti-Jackson tant portions of the State. We publish in an- papers will undoubtedly find a large and im-tical despotism, hoary with centuries, which in- In Central Italy, as has been anticipated, the rote volved the whole of Europe in conflicts andmen were so acrimonious as to result in per- other column the names of the incorporators of sonal rencontres and street fights in several these six railroads; and we would ask- howcities North and South. No limit was put to many of them aie publicly known as responsi- the blackguardism with which the President ble men in this metropolis.to be as yet undecided.The Savoy question was causing the most in-tense excitement in Kngtaad and Central Europe.In Parliament tint House of Commons, after a the Roman Catholic Church everywhere.of enterprise and energy exercised in compe-tition with their old established rivals. It will the Presidential election, and if they triumph not do merely to rely on such support as tbe in that, it will be the beginning of a contentionEastern Russia.The cotton market yesterday continued Urule dull,U-v,i buoyant, with A tendency, to easier rate}. New messresentatives, too, who claim to reign in virtueof the popular will. Nay, more: this re pre date for re-election, yet he was compelled toof the scheme, the impudence of its projector,tatives on Thursday were of the highest im-We are aware that Mr. Buchanan absolutelyA destructive fire occurred at Independence,Mo., at an early hoar yesterday morning. The loss portance. The President sent in a message,, declines to be a candidate at Charleston, under of cheap newspapers has proved so successful,of property is estimated at 1150,000—twenty build- one of the boldest, most manly and straight- any circumstances whatsoever; but still the in a pecuniary sense, here, it must bo attended „ —AfHmoa»—FAIBT &a- ings, iteluding the Independence Hotel, being des- forward State papers in the archives of the sense of the country might be taken in this with a corresponding degree of success at theIn London cotton wan quiet The demand formoney continued active. Consols, 94} a 94} for entative advances the idea that dynasties must the newspaper press of the city were loud in money,and94}a94|foraccountInLiverpoolbefoundedon"satisfiednationalities,"and,antlyreturnedforasecondterm. mercialcentres,furnishing-tbo~opentuHitisnthagena, Bogota and the interior of Mew Granada existence, comes forward, and, by' the unani- whigs and disappointed democrats tried onwoe to go into effect at-the date of the oorres-poadence, March JO. Instead of a fortnightly mail mous exercise of the popular voice, constitutes General Jackson thirty years ago. When Mr. been said that the newspapers of the city areend? Will feudalism give up its hold on Euro- pean society without a struggle? Is ecclesias- tical despotism utterly routed? Abundant evi-Among these unsatisfied men were Forney, Has- kin and the others of the same clique, who call themselves anti-Lecompton democrats, but whoadvantagesthat areJob L Black,Joseph & Craig. BTRXKT SOAD8amwel S. Fitch, MatthewD.Hicow. Samuei Browa. Kreemaxt Fsrrla, John Bryan, George W. Deen,and another, named Finley, is in the hospital. TheCoffin party had suffered sadly by fever. Gold was dences are daily to be seen that the end is not are really nothing more than republicans of a newspapers of Wisconsin were shown to be inmarked revolution working itself out in the character and opinions of our kindred across the water.THE CAPTURE OF THE CORSAIRTHE SPANISH GOVERNMENT EN CUBA.—The Ha- vana papers are not at all satisfied at the cap- ture of the Miramon steamers by Captain Tur- ner, and think that the Powers of Europe will have to lay aside their Morocco wars, their troubles about Italy and the Pope, their watch- ings by the bedside of "the sick man" Turkey, and all their various little bickerings, and turn their attention to the settlement of tbe big question of the West, by putting a straight jacket on the giant republic of the North. A s everything published in the Havana papers has to receive the previous sanction of the po- litical secretary of the Captain General, who is ex-officio the censor of the press there, we may taketheeeviewsastheviewsoftheSpanishcolonial government in Cuba. It would be well for this temporary colonial institution to take a common sense view of this matter. Miramon and bis steamers were captured because they were a nuisanceajopon the ocean, and if the colonial government in Cuba persists in puttingfound near Escabana, but not in sufficient quanti- yet; that feudalism will still make a powerful dirty hue, part white and part black, with theties to repay the risk to health and trouble of resistance; that the ecclesiastics cling with latter predominating. They could not rule Mr.getrirg itOur advices from Greytown report considerable desperate tenacity to the remains of their tem- Buchanan, and now they serve Mr. Seward.excitement among the residents of that place, con- poral sway. These are to be found in the in- The republicans use these allies as the Popea recent railroad scheme in that State—that is to say, the participants in the spoils.There is hardly room to doubt that the action of tbe House upon the city railroad bills will bu confirmed by the Senate, in which event this city will be plundered of a large income, suffi- cient to defray nearly all the expenses of its government.Owen W. BrecQaa,Alex. H Dennis, Jamee Shaw.A V K t l ' S Li R O a O .sequent upon the new transit project of Captain trigues of Lord Derby last year with the Aus-manages his Swiss troops, giving them occa- sionally a little plunder, like the printing job. Forney & Co.'s hostility to the President is entirely personal, as has been proven by seve- ral demonstrations, such as the drunken spree in the streets of Washington, after Forney wasJohnF . IVvlin. Coroelioe Ruckle, Dsnry Clark,Wm. D.Marvin,Wm. P. Bnckmetster,* Wm. H. Hayes,W m 1 Hili, Bernini Smyths, Wm. A Herring, JohnV.Coon, Geo L Thomu, Jaases Murphy.trian dynasty, the opposition of the BritishCHBVALIKB WEBB'S ULTIMATUM ON THE CHI- Ex-President Mora has not yet given up hopes of changing difficulties that are continually elected, and when he abused the Executive CACO CONVENTION.—We publish today General recovering power in Costa Rica. - Accounts from gathering themselves in the path of Louis like a pickpocket, and drew down upon the Webb's manifesto on the Chicago Convention—Allen Bristow, William Eagle,BARCLAT CTMKT ROAD 4r Albert Van Vleeck.John Lord, Ellis Edwards.Leon advise that Mora sailed on the 28th ult, withtwo vessels and seven hundred men, for Guana- French Emperor determined to declare war unrebuked, tbe well-merited denunciation of Madame Bates into the list of republican can-easta Bay .where he expected to be joined by a large number of sdhertnta.The distnrbaaces at Chihuahua are likely to in-Napoleon and Victor Emanuel. When the House, which permitted such conduct to passhis ultimatum regarding the interpolation ofdidates for the Presidency, by Hon. Massa Greeley, and the intrigues of the two Blairs—oar government and the Overland Mail Company in coalitions against the executory legatee of the a tittle of evidence can be brought against the should commit so suicidal an act as to nomi- their Western operations is drawnfromChihuahua. revolution is reappearing. But though it President, perfectly aware that the record of his nate Bates, he will head a revolt in the nameYesterday being private bill day, little public of republicanism pure and simple. If the comes now wkh the same ideas as of old, it two-score years of public life is entirely im-business was transacted in Congress. The Presi- has new elements to deal with. The revolu- maculate, with their eyes open to the fact that party go out of its own ranks for a candidate,*dent sett hi to the Senate a reply to a resolution Douglas, as the rejected of the Charleston Con- of inquiry as to the authority under which the tion has created new allies to itself. Com- James Buchanan stands to-day entirely freeagainst Austria a year ago, it is reported that the leading journals at home and abroad.RBOPEMXG or BaaMU's AMEKICA» MI-SKCM —Wr, wouH call the attention of our readers to tbe fact thai to* Ame- rican Mnaenm, after having been closed lor a abort sea- son in order to repaint and redecorate It, will reopen a\ one o'clock today, under the management of ?. T Bar- nom,sesMsa byJohnGreenwood,Jr. thedjraauln company has been augmented b y the addition of the pub- lic favorites, Mr. C. W. Clarke and Mats Emily Meatay er, both of whom are well known to the natrons of the Mu- seum. The favorite drama ef "Boa Cesar de Baamn" will comprise the performance for this afternaoa. In addition to the new dramatic attractions, tbe Museum collection has received numerous additions, and not tha least Interesting ia a bunt of the pirate ana murderer Hicks alias Johnson, of the sloop E A. Johnsaa notoritty.s u n r a s AT NIBLO'S GARMW.—Mr aaa Mrs. Baraey WaOaass, the favorite delineators of Irish sad YsakM character, will give their second matinee at Kiaia's as twoo'clock thisafternoon—theirlastappearancetarthapresent. Tbe rnteriAinment will consist of draaahc per-his uncle, Jerome, the brother of Napoleon, On the other band, the republicans haveterrupt or destroy the trade with El Paso, and se- left the Palace in despair, exclaiming, " I fore- trumped up their committee, in order to make father and son—the one of Silver Springs, and riously inconvenience thefinancialarrangements of see that the times of 1811 have returned.'' political capital and divert the attention of the tbe other of St. Louis. It is very clear that thegovernment,bypreventingtheexportationof Yes,thetimesof1811havereturned,orthey peoplefromtherealissuesinvolvedinthe theChevalierwillnotstandanysuchnonsense specie from gonora. Most of the specie used by are, at least, near at hand. The era of dynastic coming struggle. Knowing full well that not as that, and that if the Chicago Conventionthe interests of the many ore beginning stitutionally reached by CongreES. So theythe Senate of this State yesterday. It provides for to preponderate over those of the few. Uni get up a mock investigation upon manufactured concern look out for a boltformances, interspersed with songs, dances, jigs Yankee and Blab eccentricities.A r r i v a l s * » d I » « p a r t a u t s . AOSIT ALS.s a drun again in spite of himself, and was triumph- and the alacrity of that body to adopt it, andsquadron in the Gulf of Mexico had acted in their merce has risen to be a controlling power in from the shadow of suspicion upon his public vention, will be the man for Chicago. But out any more such, it may come to be consi-dered as a nuisance on the land, whioh we shall have to abate also.Seward is his lean ideal, and if the managersof being sent to the dead letter office. transfused the ideas of the age; and dent—the only way in which he can be con- at Chicago should reject him for a Know THE POISONED CHALICE RETURNED TO THEIROWN LIPS.—The black republicans in Congress procured on investigating committee, on mo- tion of Mr. Covode, for the purpose of prov-Webb would prefer to see the pro-slavery oil letters returnable to their writers within thirty thousand fold the power of man, has elevated far as the enemies of General Jackson did, democratic candidate elected rather than Bates.late operations. Hie House passed a bill making politics; the tsteam engine, by multiplying a or private character, they do not dare to go astoys, if so endorsed, when not coiled for, instead the masses; journalism has penetrated and and bring in a bill to impeach the Presi-A substitute for the Pro Beta bSr was passed byNothing like Bates, then let all whom it maythe appointment of three commissioners, to confer venal suffrage establishes dynasties, defines charges, not so clearly defined as to be sub-with commissioners for s similar purpose in other Considering that the 0>uriei\and Enquirer is ing corruption upon their opponents in theBtates, to Inquire Into the expediency of adopting boundaries and creates nationalities. Gobden jects for analysis, but still creating a bod im- the special organ of Mr. Seward in New York,persons of Mr. Buchanan and the administra- tion ; but, as in many other cases where managon iisl pro rats system, and to make a report oh ^ V ^ ? 1 *• * • «ext LegWature.and Join Bright now touch the seat once filled pression. It is a very mean, miserable, skulk- tbe announcement of Chevalier Webb is suffi-by Pitt; Michael Chevalier, the leader of the ing, dirty political trick, whioh could only ciently significant. There is reason, too, in f^fSf*^ ««t*dinArizonatoa Frenchfreetraders,ifmadeaPeeroftheEm- Laveoriginatedinthesmallmindsofthesmall whatbesays;forBatesisnotonlynotarepub-smTTEi iL*** « *** day of Asefl with a view to forming a provisions governmentforthatTerritory. ^ ^ FTM»«UW«»liberateactoffelodeseonthe partoftheor- detailed account of the exeeation ondhicM'.»£ has been the progress of therevolution ogatast and his clique. Such tricks as these never ganization, which would deprive it ofChristianproposes andlice has been returned to their own lips; the corruption has been shown to exist on the other side. For example, the testimony of Collector Schell proves that in distributing the funds for% UnrtGod disposes, tbepoisoned cha-TtCaoa tt Monconnected with it wffl be found ebswhsre.The examination of Jackalow, the Chiifsmancharged wttn the murder of Captain Leete andbrother on the sloop Spray, was resumed yesterdayat Jersey City, before United States CommissionerVroom and Recorder Bedford. Captain Webb, ofthe schooner French, who took Jackalow on boardfromthe yawrboat,gaveadetailedaccountofthe Poland. ^^^^»^cmluuionwith Incidents attending that aflklr and of tb« collidingproceedings will befoundia another eolsmn.The Lhtloi J*fiits Shepard, charged with arsonof the Spray and Lncinda, which he hod witnessed.A number of other witnesses were examined, whenthecasewas sojourned until this morning. The u ZTf T ^ *""*^«ou ofunideaown district. Doubtless other developements as to the mendacity of the sponging clique which hung around the White House in 1857lpire, and Cavour marshals the remnants of theold Latin race, foil of enthusiasm, into theranks of the revolution. These men represent ways. The fault about Mr. Buchanan's course representative man of the republican party, or the millions in their contest with the feudal theo is that he has be<in too good, too generous, tooMeHeary, expiated his crime en the seaflhM i» t t .prison yard of the Tomb. y e a t m ^ S l . A ries, and the power they wield shows how great magnanimous with such fellows as Forneylier Forney, the managing man of the black republicans; and the testimony of Mr. Butter- worthehowsthathegave$500 toMr. Hoskin, of Westchester, one of the chief engineers of the republican party. Will not these cheva- liers exhibit a little more of their dirty linen ?THREE PRINCES COMING TO AMERICA.—It ap- pears that Great Britain, a respectable piece of landlyingoffthe coastofEurope,isaboutto send one of its royal seJons to Canada thia sum-mer. In tbe person of ibe Prince o( Wales, to ,-ee what kind of a place tiis continerA is. Tapan. another island of about the same exKort. Howard Gregg, Kdd i e * F-ii/geraid, Miguel ''^ossales, CurnaMusI Callaaar.SATASASAH-BMem-^atpIlortda •Mhstlonmder.mss '.Bar- ker, II B Breed. W Beeaell, C 8 Cherry S Olerk, nobert Crognrw. Mr snd F.rs Daniel Darlsaad child W H P«jbneUT.A A Iocs. U !• Fskisntas. Chas tagsa. i J forhy, c Ofay B Gardner, H B Gay and lady, Arosy Heoderac/ #eo A HjndrieAiMiaB Uopkioa, child and surss. II V~mlT W^jRmaVi3 toa'aSr^'f l % i S fi& Scramon, 60 steerage- Total 101 paeasnt'-sCuAkL*i!TO*i—eteascship MeahrtUe-^aon N B Mtdd!««. -'•rtwTsndMdyOBam-amuh, a K Bowity. oyer, B f IJvlngtOtt, Mis ^.oarbe. JTM Gravis, aad uitj u Uw steeragethe feudal despotisms.But the dynasties will not yield without asucceed. On the contrary, they invariablyrecoil upon the beads of their lnven-tbis. In the case of the present inquiry,the only evidence, so far, is against Forney,and others who claimed to have elected Mr.Buchanan. Forney, it seems, received thirty any other outsider, may* be regarded as thousand dollars out of the Pennsylvania fund, a settled point That William H. Seward and Haekin got five hundred to spend in hise t r ugeiminuting in Europe show that both si&streburial, and consign it to .endless night, withont hope of a resurrection to life. That such a step, therefore, could not be taken without a revolt, and the setting up of a genuine repub- lican to oppose the Missouri fossil candidate, orf gle, and the new combinations that arecreatetheti..^:'/1 FrWC** "* eeek8 t0Hebadalready8e0ured a ^ rfLy recent treaty with 8 p u m , „ ?lution is now pregnable only ^roxighJ « £ £ S , " ^will be developed by this committee, and the let bis fame for tbe great Pre?LdeuU?l ric« <»<men who get into Congre;» now-a days, when they ought to be sawing wood or making rail-lican, but hails from a party bitterly hostile to republicanism; and to substitute him for tbecouiitry will be gratified to hear the condmUntitled Document:1BP0. But if be or h s part*, how shrb!i fro-n !f*T, lying off tbe, eoast of Asia, at the ^ h e i ST. TnoMAS-Pfcrk,Teresa--Mr l , x s 8SW*". C»p«. Smith,i11 — -c—of the political pirates out of th?ir own——the Is*?*" *Md«- fesjthat will be the lostoftbeaa. If they aro <1«- princes to tbe United: State*. Thus It would feaied in the fight, they will possibly livd to **«tbot America is about to bo specially fa-flict, the German Powtra aro rnpMij donbUng command the admiration and applause of tbe battle begias, after challenging their oppo- their armed roreea, the Pope b atirring op country. It places him exactly in Jackson's nents, would be thd utter and irretrievable ruinecclesiastical resistance everywhere to the re- volutionary power, and Russia wotoheo andTfin NEW ENOLANO jftxenous—Oosammon ANDJRftODE ISLAND.—Thfsn sJet llumu araisfci will takeplacsin the beginning of next week—that of Connecticut on Monday, and that of Rhode Island on Wednesday- are increasing in interest oa tbe day of trial approaones. The victory ia both battles b otaimew beforehand by is* re-.position when he was renominated. And now,should this system of personal attacks upon theExecutive be persisted in, It will assuredly hope oftbe party. place Mr. Buchanan in the Held for a secondREMOVAL OK THE PAPERterm, when he would be elected beyond all ITS EWECT ON THE NEWSPAPER PRESS.—The ma-other side. Their number will of course be argely increased, and the majority of them will no doubt be able to sustain themselves. The message of the President refers espe- dent. At any rate, we have no doubt that if a But to attain the influence and the prosperitythe republicans, with the assistance of the For- dices. Had it depended on mere party organi-evening, in rapid order, with a haste and at an zations for support, it could never have be- stump orators, who are generally not veryney-Iiaskin clique. This disgraceful personal boor which, considering the nefarious nature of come of much importance. The proof ef this flush of dollars. Tom Cot win. for instance, attack"uponMr.Buchananhasnotbeenwlth^thebusiness,wasperhapsquiteappropriate,foristobefoundinthefactthatalmostallthecouldnotaffordtopayhisexpensesinstump-out its parallel in the political history of tif deeds like this cannot well bear the daylight country. In 1829-30, General Jackson being In every essential point these fix bills preciselyin power, an attempt was made to control his resemble the mammoth Gridiron bill of George administrationbyacliqueofhungryoffice Law,whichwasrushedthroughtheSenatewith beggars and broken down politicians. The a unanimous vote, but was defeated by the vir-rule, tboge who follow tbe profession of thw aMBLCSlALOOV,BroeSway.-Oao.CMAISTT'IMm.soilat$K8?K,andnewprimeat$1425a$1437£.Su-grandoldmansentthemtott|eright-about-tuousmembersoftheHouse,forthepurposeoflarsocialandintellectualinterests,andwhatfctumpenlistinthe'servicesofthosewhopayAAU—S0«<U,UAJWSS,to—fMTOODLSS. gais«erefirmandinsteadydemand,withsatesofabaut^facewithassmallceremonyafheshowedto effectingacompromise.ThatcompromisehasevertheylackedinconsistencyintheonewasthtmbestTherepublicansofXesjEoglandjtO A WO hbda. and 600 boxes, At rates glvea in another' "the British or the Indians. They then joined now been made by the passage of these sixKAYIOKAL O0»t*SRT SALOOW, fsikmnl Taeatre.- co'iHsa. Coffee was quiet, the firmness of holders tend- made up for by their steadiness in the other. come better up to their price than the demo-Oasua. DASOSS, BcaiArusas. Ob.OHMBtiOmt HAU-. 408 Grand street-Him Mm- were reported at prices given elsewhere. Freights were up a series of attacks upon the President, many cases the same names, represented in the lish, it is not easy to displace long formed ha- better hotels and better pay, and the valueing to ruck SAlea. Small tots of Jamaica and Maracalbo the opposition and assisted the whigs in getting bills: for we find the same interests, and in Besides, with a people so routinifre as the Eng- crats. They give finer living,, superior drink,iteAdy, with moderate engagements at unchanged rates. which kept the whole country ia a state of ex-m i i is Ogam OAHO-. M U N R A to.—Do** m AUL-lfXWvBK THKATRR Sewark-Woon'* MIMTRSLS :« The Condition of Europe—Resistance of citement altogether unparalleled. Allied with unnecessary to say that the principle Involved«ew York,Saturday, March 31,I860. twetntheolddynastiesandtheNapoleonic never run eo high since. The dis- community,andmanyofwhomhailfromdis-veryquestion;andperhapssincethefounda- tion of the government there never was a Stole election in which so vast a stake was involved, snd in which so fearful a responsibility rested upon tbe people. By a concatenation of irre- sistible logic, great events for weal or wo hang upon the result The contest in New England is the preliminary skirmish to the general bat- tle in November. If the republicans succeed now, the chances are that they will succeed inideas.WhenMartinLutherblazedupon Germany,a revolution was initiated against the ecclesias-The Sew*. TheArabia,whicharrivedhereyesterdaymorn-lag, bring* European dates to the 17th inst, being three days later intelligence.far annexation to Piedmont has been almost uaaai- coalitions for two centuries, settling down was assailed in Congress and by the oppositionmous. The fate of Tuicany, however, would seem finally in a partial consummation in the estab- press. The seceding democrats were led by Is it not a monstrous outrage for the Legislamediate circulation; but the circulation will only pay its own cost Their influence will not extend upwards, nor their profits from other sources increase, unless they work on a system which will bring all ranks within the reach of their operations.lishment of the new kingdom of Prussia, Duff Green, whose IWegraph answered the ture— composed, as the large majority of it is, This is only to be done by an immense amountsame purpose of Forney's Press of the present of men representing every quarter of the State, day. Even the person of the President was n at and only a small minority representing thisunder Frederick the Great, and the reform ofsacred, and the greatest excitement was createdLords in an address to the Crown on the subject of ties flattered themselves that they were now en- all over the Union by a scene on board of a in this shameless and unblushing fashion? The working classes can give them. They must between the North and the South which can-lengthy debate, adopted the motion to join the Hardly had this been achieved, and the dynas-thecommercialtreatybyamajorityofthirty. teringuponapeacefulera,inwhichthey steamboat,whensometoolofGeneralJack- AlbanyLegislature,foryearspast,hasenjoyed TheFrenchgovernmenthaddecidedonreducing couldlookafterthecommercialdevelopement son'senemiesmenacedtheoldhero. Allthese a most unenviable reputation for cor- the Chasseurs to the footing they were on in Is;3- of their dominions, when the first French revo attacks, instead of injuring General Jackson, ruption, ignorance and stupidity; but theTroops had been ordered to Chambery. lution burst upon France, and the European increased his strength with the masses, who present Legislature, which is black republican Bwitaerlaad had protested against the annexation continent was again involved in revolution, rallied round him in great numbers. His ad- through and through, exceeds any legislativebecomenewspapersinthetruesenseofthe notendotherwisethanindisaster;fortbere- word,and viewith their predecessors inthe publicancandidatewill have beenelectedonof Chamois and Faucigny to France.Germany was said to be preparing to organizethe federal contingent army.The accounts from Naples are gloomy in the ex-tow directed against the feudal despotism uponministration was sustained at almost every elec-body which ever sat in the State Capitol, for corruption and infamy of every kind; and both sections of the republican party—the radicalfield in the obtainment of the promptest and fullest intelligence. By pursuing this consee, they will attract a large advertising patronage to their columns, and with it, as a certain re- sult, readers of every class. Such has been in a great measure the career of the cheap neors-principles incompatible with tbe constitution, and tbe party are pledged to measures and to a course of policy which cannot be carried out and the Union continue to exist. The aw two— of tbe republicans in November will be tile signal for the disruption of every tie which holdsthefederalrepublictogether-thein- auguration of a reign of anarchy—the launch - lag of the ship of State upon a dark, unknownand stormy ocean, without a rudder, or com- or chart.P a r t t r s W h o O w n « * • SO* G r i d t i * « s . wing arc the blo«AsafamT~*»*msar trsaaSsrnS the >«** of this ctty ia the six rail roass,which its dynasties were founded. This revo- tion, and by a series of bold and brilliant lution has gone on, with varying success, for measures he routed all his enemies, sweepingseventyyears,butitstillexists. Thepolitical themoutofhispathlikesomanyinsects.The democratsandtheoldwhigsalike—seemequally paperpressinthiscountry. ItwouldnefverIn Morocco nothing of anj moment had occurred. order of things in Europe is not yet settled. grand result was that, although General Jack- devoid of every decent principle, or any pro-have succeeded unless it had been conductedin a spirit of emulation and indepemdemee which enabled it to distance Oil Its old itogy competitors, and win from them the pristMof public support and favor. But even these qualities would barn availed # jbjtrt Bttio, 5f ft ! bad not selected for its opemJjjsj£|£x*at opsV4 'The Moors had asam! •>- another defeat on the The dynasties still cling to the hoary feudalismson was chosen positively on the one termprinciple, and notwithstanding the fact that Itlift. Lis said thofc ror desires peace.frtr* OaJk *te, byway uf Alexandria and Kurra- choa,Basts days.of reigning by " divine right," and by «thetimid atfJhlood/' and the resolution has its rep-When tile mammoth Gridiron bill passed thetensions to shame, in their plundering foray upon the rights and Interests of New York.was one of the cardinal principles In his politi-cal faith that no President should be a candi- Senate the public were stunned by the boldnesssix little giidirons as in the one big one. It isbits, and it might be said of the family newt- paper as of the family Bible, that it can boast its place in the affections of successive genera- tions.they receive in speeches is in proportion.Bat independent of these personal and pecuniary relations, there is a great question at the bottom of the contest There is no localcity—to plunder the metropolis of its just rightstheir denunciations of it; but it is remarkable that now, when these tdx railroad bills, which are Identical with the Senate bill, have passed the House, there is not a word of denunciation or remonstrance from these quarters. I t hasthat body w a s saeb Indecent haste e a night:—BVBjrm Avsams XOA»politics, they addressed themselves to particuLrvirrooi-f teamrhJp Arabia—H Wrtkas and lady. £»auge, Capt Sldrtdge, T MSJST, J VUM«»*. Bartow'««H&o- iiia*, t » T a Swan, Mr Maaterta. B kadieer , J Oawia. l . Bach.<>xun>lFLtarweMo.MasterTBatien.MrUrd.J Stanley, Sfcenatoehner,Mr Suddta*. « . a Cam Mar- gsn, Messrs Oowana, Waterheme. HeOnUoee, Alhirtb Mr SkuUand and lady, O Brsy, W B B eaeaa. IJaaeaa, MrraaK fort, Thomas Qiey, A Ureenwocd, j Wj att\W Alexander eaujMATASCAB-Stesmakip Mats/.cas.—Mrs two daughters sad one ra, Brs Anas any of its representative men, would be a de- the election of 1£56, he gave $30,000 to Cheva- KaJfkt, Charles Kst&ht, H W Powers, C fwill be theConvection ishefchoutdnot, it will only be becatue he fkds!bis cheoc«=8 are too sm'ill to perm.< him t>) enchoice extremelyof theprobable. IfChicagoENGLAND—STEAMERS, AM>ing the States. Nor could Mr. Stanton be ex- pected to pay his campaigning bills out of bis own pocket Some of the democratic oratorsAU this will be difficult and slow of altera- issue. Thefightwill therefore be on tbe sla- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comC cox. | 