 7Y.1r o-fr.-tytoSh- i-Senate's Committees; c.i4, including 27 from the Assem-bly, have been ordered to a third reading, and 84 havebeen read a third time and passed. Of the bills intro-duced into the Senate, 35 pertain to the City of New- that if money could aot bs obtained, money's worththe aurrounding buildiugs.;WOMAN PRO'/JSN -TO DKA T'II—-A v woman named''1 'The-'Havat^been rather languid." Sugar .:took M Havana a8d>y . inideo honorably earned. Had ho done so, and invested CapeHatterao, making the Cape in 53 hours from thohis money, his fortune-might even then have.amounted Moro;. but soon after rounding Hatteras, experienced which induced tbe Regius prc/essoreiB C l a a ^ w Uni-. to millions by this time.. "iiuL his was not the:uatureto veisity ta conler the degree oS Di X** In 1^>8 he waa loadalifeofinactivity,andhepreparedtoembarkin heavy,galesfromS.S.E.toS.W.,whichlastedsix- licengedbythaPreobytery»fStiiCSngtopreachthe>GospeVbeing then 25 yeaas of age.. In 182G he be- came oue of ihe paat-ors oS Uie ©ullegii^e Rofonaad. Dutch Church in ?Sew-Ycric, in wdiich E©sition he r e - main»d tiU on Sep* 23, 1843, he waa striken down.by paraJysis, &om wlich tianc- hb; mouth, was virtually- shut as pasior. yor the iutcavalof eJxteea yeara, in.which he was silent, so faras *&& public wasconceroed, he gave a powerful eiampia of Christian patience!iyiderii~&oc:**»«r- Mr *uaho wrt \sa*he. >n-to raise sufficient funds t:>carry on the work open toeWashington National Monument during the comingAfter the adjournment a mass meeting was held,'com- posed nrincipaJly of members of the Convention, and the following resolutions adopted:An aet extending the time of the Commission to in- vestigate the claims of the New-York soldiers of the War of 1812. .,An act in relation to cutting ice in the Hudson River, requires parties cutting holes.in the ice to put up cer- tain guards to warn travelers of their dangex*.To appropriate the avails of the State tax for the support of Common SchoolB. ,CITY RAILROADS.As has already been stated, ttvetdy*one bills have been introduced into the Legislature—fifteen in the Assembly and six in the Senate^—for the construction of railroads in the City of New-York. None have as yet been reported, the Committee on CitieB and Vil- lages, to whom th's class of bills are .referred,finding i<; difficult to decide, in the multiplicity of applications for this kind of franchise, what bills to report. Bat it is intimated m certain quarters that the conflicting claims have, been to far harmonized that tho Housepeace, and the iniant 'Republic began *hai career ofprogress and expansion which iathe-astonishment ofthe world. Foremost in. the race was the Empire CiAy,which, be^an to xrow with great rapidity,,in proportion The Qviaker City brings the following:to which was the progressive hacreajfjein the value of The health of Havana good; weather extremely' pleas-qtcome through to-morrow morning. Passenger* via A desperate battle had taken place on the plains ofSwxsngton had not arrived at b o'clock thi* evening.absorbing topic, here, and the friends of the measure acter; aud it is said that the misfortunes, which a few have, to say the least, uraiiif.d nothing by the doinga in years since overtook some of his relatives, who were the Assembly during the past few days. Mr. Little- engaged in the grain trade, involved him only to a lim-John's statements in reference t<? the alleged writiug of ited extent."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069/[pair ofelephantahad arrived per steamer, from Neyv-Orleana, in fine order, for ChiarJni's Circus and from there not having been an ele|>^aut iu*tion of his money in real estate in this city. Here,, too, to. hair arrival at Sandy Hook. his calculations"were correct, and evinced the admi-«"32»h, nnd nalled/orNow-Orleannat 3 p. m. n m e da r'V—«. m-u'I t had previously parsed tne Hoase. The hill assure* a minimum depth of fifteen feet from title »ar to the •wharf.— «> >Storm and Travel .Eastward.P.03TOS, tfeb. ll>, l«60.The snow and sleet-storm incommodes railroad travel. The 3 p. m. tram from New-York yesterday arrived attended, Miss1 Adelaide Phillips receiving a benefit 14thmTHE LATEST NEWS,' RECEIVED BY *MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.From Washington-Special THtp^oh to Tb* N. Y. Txibaae.WASHINGTON, Feb. 19, 1860.KANSAS CENSUS RETURNS.Th© official report of the Committee on ElectionsNews from t&e I»aciStc..OF THE CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.with the IOAB o f 45 men. The authorities'of tbccsp*- a letter by a member of Assembly, stating that it would I tal, in conjunction -with the Ameri cans, had sent toFt ort ; beneceeeary to rafse $100,000 to defeat the bill, willPOLITICAL.complexion to Jbe result as recently announced bypurchasing 120 stage horses fortbe Placerville and P . P . EHcr, F . M. Cbristison, and J. C. Lambdin. A large meeting was held in Santa Clara on the 25tbrThe lower portion of tbs mam buiidhags which wae. S^-ate tends to lessen the regard for the aacredness of led to |T total reversal of his- policy. The election ofsaved, was occupied by, Francis E. Hathaway, boot huuaanlire. each-of-those Presidents was a gr*at tnamph7aad thetelegraph. That Committee consists of Messrs. Salt Lake mail route.ture and the Judiciary find themselves incapable creating a doubt upon mining titles throughout the of furnishing protection to Slave property under State, and a great deal of feeling haa been manifested by miners on the subject. Santa Clara is not the only the Dred Scott decision, then Congress must pro- sufferer, although several hundreds of her industriousthe Assembly, have been reported favorably by the are strongly indicative of the ehanicterintics of the num.. —^The result of the Montgomery County (N. X.)town-meeting elections is 7 Republican Supervisors,and 3 Democrats. In three of the towns the Republi-can -gain upon the last • Fall's vote was nearly 1,000.In the town of Sidney, Delaware|County, the party Mary Hayes was fennd dead near Port Greeu-»Park calling themselves Democratic- have regularly elected yesterday moruing,. having boMXfrozen to dectb thevide a remedy for the right there affirmed.THE VIRGINIA DEMOCRATIC CONVEXTIOX. by the injunction, and a clog put upon her prosperityfor the whole State "is affected. An enormous amoun The Democratic Convention at.Eichmond is re- of capital is forced to remain wholly idle and unprbducgarded here as a mass meeting, and of no political tive, still further distressing the money market, already too straitened for our lequixementa. Large quanti- importance. Mr. Hunter will have the Virginia ties of quicksilver are alao hermetically sealed up for delegation to Charleston solid. the use of our miners, and although new mmes of that THE WASHINGTON STATUE. metal have been discovered, and prove valuable, yet the stoppage of supply from those oi New-Almadenhas Ten thousand dollars were voted in the Hous resulted in the greatly increased value of that article, on Friday to inaugurate the Mills statue of Wash so indiMpenjable for the prosecution of mining. Agrievous tax is thus imposed upon those engaged in ington, and yet $2,000 were refused to Captaia, getting out toe precious metals, which has had the Hartstene for expenses incurred in entertaining effect of cutting down their emoluments, for the valuesthe Queen and Court when the Eesoiute was lestored by orcer of CongresB.cf gold and silver remain unchanged."From the same paneF we learn that—" The question has again reverted to the immediateconsideration of the United States Attorney-General, and it is earneatly hoped that he will consent to a dissolution of the injunction, if uot altogether withdraw the suiL"SAX FRAN&SCO MA11KETS. 1 Tne market continues rather inactive, though'not quiet. Movements arc watched with interest,, and a disposition is evinced among a few parties to specu- late,, but this feeling is deprecated, as any ill-founded inibiiion would work mischief. It the market bel leitto itweil it will recover in the Spring, buj shipments from New-York must he kept moderate to attain such a result. The changes in the market, are as follows:may be remarked that England, was, as now, our prin- cipal foreign customer for cotton, although the trade at that time was small, compared with its present enor- mous extent. To convey the article to the.port of any other European nation would have been equally ;haz- ardous. The consequence was that, general bankruptcy and ruin stared tbo cotton planters of- Louisiana and Georgia, and the cotton merchants of New-Orleans and Savsrnah, in the face, and overtook many.Samuel A. Parker; Attorney-General, Walter S." Burgeas.The resolutions adopted at the Decoy Convention denounce the Republican nonanatiohs.VTo'the .Associated Prow..W ASHINGTON, Feb. 19, JSoO. The House Committee on Territories, have under consideration the subjects of Territorial Governments for Nevada, Pike's Peak, and Dakotah. Bills, it is said, will be reported in these case*; certainly as no the last named. The Commbtee contemplate nothing farther Sox Arizona at present, than a Surveyor-General, and Judicial DistrictThe Committee on Agriculture have decided to re-port a Homestead bill, which will pass the House. !>ut its success'in the Senate U uncertain.The steamship DeSoto, Copt. J. D. Bulloch, from New-Orleans, via Havana, arrived at an early hour yesterday, having been detained by, fo# oritside thethe ruin of hundreds, tended to-the buiiding up for him bar. The De Soto left New-Orleans on the- morning of a colossal fortune. of the L2th inst. and passed the bar of the Mississippi ih.-The friends of protection are confident that the Com- Candles, weaker; Coal, .drooping; Coffee, lower,mittee of Ways and Means will soon report a bill im- Rio selling at 14Ac. Provisions are firmer. Clearposing »pecific instead of ad valorem duties., wherever Pork ^11* at $18 for barrels, and $9 50 for halves; ibe same are practicable Met*, $16 5*) and $830. Bacon, H&l2c. Butter andTbotw who have closely scrutinized the subject, say Lard and Hams arc unchanged. French Brandies arethe Bou^e are most equally divided on the •>>iAa*,ion r.f active, and domestic Spirits iizai. Raw Sugar*' arethe franking privilege, and the preponderance of feel- inactive, but higher prices are asked by holders; ing is 8gaiD8t its abolition. „ Crushed has drooped back to l ^ c , and Rtsfiuers' toThe Paraguayan Comn.ia«ioner has.met with a cor- l^.ir:. Quite a competition among holders of Coffeedial reception from the executive officer* of our Gov- spiung un on the 17tn, and sound Rio advanced to 18c,ernment. After the formal exchange of ratifications and 6w bag* of extra Java sold at lG£c. Otherfarti- •of the Bowlin treaty this week, he will enter upon C:CK are unchanged. • *" " fbis duties under the special convention for the settle-ment of the indemnitv due to the Hopkins Company. XixeVirginia Democratic State Con-This act vests in the bondholders or purchasers uponthe foreclosure of the mortgages of the Company, withall the franchises of the original Company, and autho-rizes them, with ench other parties as may be associated., was one of the provinces of Spain, and Amelia. Island, in the Collegiate Rcformedv.Datjrb Church,..comer of. with them, to form a new Company for tho completion'of the road. It also.authori'/.es the Company to manu-facture the native products of the region (to manufac-ture lumber, &c), and to mine the iron ores upon theThe House Committee on the Posr-Office will, at an early Cav, give Mr. Miles of South Carolina a hearing on tne &ubject of restoring to the steamer Isabel tb* regular mail Bervice between Charleston and Havana, -which is strongly urged by the merchant* of Charles- ton, Savannah, Key Wept, and New-York.vention.RicmroKT), Saturday,. Feb. 18, I860.The Convection broke up in a row at about 2 o'clock this morning, without announcing the vote on the res- olu'ien that it is inexpedient to declare a particularrocco] Freights were improving, sugar in. comingmore freely,, and several vessels were, loading.Susut—White, inferior, 12/Sl2'(c.; Rood tofine do., 12.1® i 3 c ; raper. Ido.,', 13V"3)Mo. COKUCIIO—Inferior, 8TivHJc.; ?;ood "to linoof the life of 3hr. Brovmlee^ He eaid that Wm. Caaig- Brownlee was the fourth Eoa of theliairdiof Tarferd, in the northern part of Scotland. Ha was bean inThe House Select Cominictee*appo;J3ted to inquire preference for any man for President, but pledgingit should change hands os continue his property. The reeult of the attack is known;, the British troops were repulsed, and New-Orleans saved. On the conclusion of peace, in the same year, Mr. Whitney, from beini? nearly a ruined man three years before, found himself poBBaesed of a fortune of $600,000.'the daughter of a rich aierchant in Giasgow. She had a brother in the Rtwal Na.vy,. wise was at. the battle of tbe Nile, and ker un-^kuDn. Jeffrcj, waainto the existing lawt and to report reforms in tne support to the nominee. This morning it was an- manner of execution and the prices paid for printing nounced that the vote was not yet counted, and a mo- and binding had a long session yesterday, Superintend- tion i? pending to take the vote again. The Conven-ent of Puolic Printing Heart giving many valuable hints from his long experien«-,e on that subject.The National Union Executive Committee have decided to hold a Nominating Convention at Baltimore. Tne time ia to be desij$u;ited nereafter._ -*~WasJiiixjjton National IttonnmeiU.The Democratic Convention adjourned last night, af- On the 22d of February it is proponed that there ter adopting a resolution to support the nominee of theshall foe an ettbrt made throughout the United Stales Charleston Convention.The Uniitod States Mail cteamship Quaker City,":R.W. Shnfcldt,. commander, four days and two hoursfromHavana,,havingleitthatportonWednesday last, .Ret?iu8 Professor of Acatomy ia tho-.Univeraity ofWASHINGTON, Saturday, Feb. IS, 1S60\year. Citizens in every part oi the country can con-tribute through the Postmasters of their . respective Vint, Thiit every »iisxeKtion of patriotism and policy favoritown*. About a thousand Postmasters h>ive boxes for the purpose placed in their offices, and have ra:se:i within the past four months more than $*2,U00kThere are nearly 28,000 Postmasters who have notronccntra:«id Statu BCtioii,.aa a m»a»urr. of accurity for constitu- tion*! S:atir* B.Jsht«. 'JStt&nd, TW. th* Ooneril A»*embly o! Virginia ahftuld respond favorably to tbc invitation of the State of South Carolina, by the appointment of ComniiMsiouer» to a United Southern Conference.realestate. Intheadvantages-accruingfromthis,Mr. ant.I'fheCaptain-GeneralhadLsi>ucdan.orderth.c10th BewaapoRsossedofaffue,natu-aldiepositLsin,badAfter the maes meeting adjourned, a crowd waited cooperate with the others. H they will conned to c:o on Gen. Srarke, Commissioner from Mississippi to Vir-great natural, endowment^ aa a preacher waa graceful, as it was rapid, and year by yearhG'addedto his gains, the Island after the 31st of December next, giving a« a perspicaons and imaginatJre, yet profound, 1& yTM* and increased.his already vaab wealth. reason that a efficient number had anivod (with those well read in polemic theology, m s a tLorongA contro^been heard from, and it fs to be hoped that they wihso, and >f the returns average only $1 •>'»per year, or ginia, who arrived yesterday. In his speech, he said12J<s. pur month, the work can be kept in progress. A Mississippi wanted the Contcrcnce for the Union and" Mr. Whitney was entirely devoted to business, 'm to-arrive) to test that kind of labor. Up to tiiat 4imethe transaction of which, though righi—never accept- versalm, a»d hire dowA'upoa hia iutagcaiste withvery slight effort made in each place throughout the -country would insure the completion of the juonuiuentm a few years. *Editors of newspaper* are desired t> c*Jl attentionto that patriotic enterprise.not for Disunion. The South would not go out of the Union, but if she were not protected by Federal authority, she would Beize the Federal property withinher .limit* and defend herself. The speech1 wa received with great cheering. '.they would be admitted o2 tolerance as they bad been holyyioleace. ing less tkan 7pe*cent—he was covrect, honest, up-. fo- HOiiHj tiSie pasli Also;to not interfere with the inter-Southern Conference. |The great Mobile Harbor bill has paesed toe Senate. I m p o r t a n t l Y e w * I r o n s C h i n u atinH a .port four bills or more; and it is further asserted that that Committee would have reported yesterday, had not the regular course of proceedings been interrupted by the privileged question, which monopoliaed the en- tire session.cialChairman of Ways and Means havingl,icxroCiKZTa.-Last nigk, D*tocti^ Baanett aunV According to the assessments on Mr. Astor, Coronao- Moffat, had been some days at Havana, saiUog for McDougall made a deacesk upon .U» gang of pickZ•rovemenl of Mobile Harbor. MO.STOOXJSRX, A l a , Feb. IS.do*a Vanderbilt, and other wealthy men, they are in Matauxas on Tuesday morning last. Pockets who mfo*| the city ca^ at the S L o f K J6:30 this morning. The Bay State reached Fall River of the Church party under Domingo Cosen, united with at 7 this morning, and her paseesgere reached Bostonlii-.'Jf). The paMengers by the Norwich boa?, will 'JOO desperadoes pardoned out of prison by Muramou.sorbed in the pio-raia question that.he has not yet pre-* to fcupervisiug the repairs which it wae found neces- called the Cortesi Opera Company, to visit tha cities ofbented his financial measures. saiy to make in the numerous buildings wbjeh hePRO BA T A. owned. Busied in this manner, he was seldom seen thejlBland, and thence through the United States bv ttke question of a Pro-Rata freight law is stUlthe on 'Chance. In fact, he was uot of a epecuAative char- the!way of Charleston.Pickpocketb at tho same place, and tb4y « ^ ^^ v e s determined to b^eak up the crowd of toievee who infest the city ears.£ £ young;r+-ARRIV AL...-,'•:••>''••• V;'.'. .'..'.•• . , ..... -\,'~}.1 rag^terribly-farmnflf^ ^ ^^^nmg \ X t WMNEW-YORK DAILY TItiBW* MONDAY, iqgggtA^f 10, i860-<cI years, one woutu-supposO the elephantine fever wotrlrfDavis for United States troops; .but, receiving n r certainly help to defeat rather than to pass it, unlessTheCalifornia Overland-mailstagepassedhere this lleMheAmericans left the city, leavingamillion o/ theInvestigatingCommitteemakeoutatolerablygocd p gTdflntifflcandidates,says:':' ;?*J n - -MTa-or'?- ST A TION, Feb. 18,1860.afternoon, brLigin^ the regular news dispatch from dollars wortli* of property to the mercies of the rob- case. And Mr. Hugh- Allen's style of knock-downar- rCo1 e ber?. Cosen, at the head of 1,000 men, was marching, gtrment willinost certainlyrecou. like the overcharged San Francisco to roan . «* *"*h ult.. and telegraphicadvices via FierbWgb's **"& up to 5 p. m. of the on the capital. The Liberals were friendly to the g«n, againfit'the party Usingthat style of war&re.mkdit ppeceed,-but also-that it would bejust as fruu- are upon the basis of $4* for.No. ^ J TM ^ " TM :less and u-ip^dhtable a victory as that, of. Harrisou ia- mains for.CJayed,^t 4irial^ with so TM prospect of de-28th ult.. Americans, but were totally unable to afford them any CAUFOBftiA. j protection.•"•;;.."• • ' ' CAPITAL I'omsKMKNTi [,A movement was on /bx>t to rffriucO the Legislature to move the teat of Governo»nt i'ro« Sacramento to San Francisco. Considerable al.wsi was felt o^u this account at the former place, hut the probabilities of removal were small. •Mr.Van Horn ofNiagara,ChamnanoftheSelect 1840,ortha^ofTayloria1848.'^ „-^/t.,v chne;viftisco^^ ^^IJJXL,, , Committee, to whom was referred the petitions- for the Our exceh^ut cotomporary fads to appreciate theturned from four townships J,111 votes, and a pop- vice between San Francisco and New-York,, to the Fire Department, ux thirty minutes both bodies, were The types mabe me talk, in my letter oi yesterday,ulation of 3>509. Y et, from reliable information, t h e registers show a registered vote exceeding 1,800, giving an additional population of 3,000. Atchison, returned with 963 votes, and a population of -3,723, has now on register 2,000, giving an addi- tional population of 4,200. Eiloy County is hot re- turned, in which there are 650, and a populationof%6CC. X#av©nworth County has returned* a vote of 3,415. and. a population of 12,122. Eeliable La- formation gives 16.000 as the population. The Dep- uty Cleric of Lylins 'County states that between three and four hundred votes do not appear in the report, giving about 1,600 additional population.IMorris,. Fotawatamie, and Washington Counties are only partially returned, and in some counties where there are six hundred voters only from fifiy to two hundred registered votes are reported. In the five counties above mentioned, a population of 1,718 is returned, and a vote of 664; in the aggre-gate, less than one third of their actual vote or pop- ulation, which difference, if added to .the population now returned, would swell the total about seven thousand.The Committee state that the census returns, as exhibited in the report of the Governor, show great neglect on the part of the assessors in many of the townehips, and some of the most populous counties.rstate of efficiency which prevailed when the mails dug from the ruins fbockingly mangled. Several of tho exxensipn of the Chemung Canal,1 instead of the Celflb; (Georgia, 10. J?he friends of Don gfce say that' T h e yDiekinsoB, McGee, Osage, Wilson, and Dora, for which the smallest estimate made is one hundred and fifty votes each, giving a total of 900 votes, and a population of 3,400. This calculation is not based on any large increase of population in those fertile counties during the last eight months. Tne returns reported by the Governor show a partial and incor- rect census taken in June, 1859, since when immi- gration into Kansas has been unprecedented.The whole population,'as reported by the Gover- nor at the regular session,was 71,770; to'which add the estimates for the foregoing counties,only partially returned, and-the total would be about 97,000 to the 1st of J«Jy 1859, excluding several of the most pop- ulous counties, from which only part of the town- ships were returned.THE DEMOCRATIS PLATFORM.The Special Ctonmrittee appointed by the Demo- cratic caucus of the Senate, have agreed upon a platfonrYconcerning the protection of Slavery in Territories, and are ready to report at an adjourned meeting. They accept Mr. Davis's resolution infind noreturnsfrom theCountiesof Clay,were c+rried by the Pacific Mail Steamship Companv. others were bvpwed, but no* dangerously.A resolution has been introduced in the Assembly Carter and Danton each loaves a wife and tliree write.. 'declaring that miners in quicksilver hold the same re- children.lations to the Government ae the gold miners uo, and on tbat ground asking Congressto procure the removal of the mjunctions which now prevent operations inthe New-Almaden Quicksilver mines.The question of a division of the State has beenmade the special order for Feb. 2.A bill haa also been introduced for a law compellingthe clotting of bazaars and saloons, and other places of traffic, on the Sabbath. Strong petitions, extensively signed, were in circulation urging its passage.About six inches of snow feE on Satorday afternoon•; r—Tkc Troy Arena aBUonwwathe fi*rt tbat-Ube Hon; and the- Montague ferry '.boat '* Ezchange," havingGov. Weller has published a letter denooncing theproposition to bring on the election of a successor to. declares he would infinitely prefer "the wilds of Kansas;Tzie Cttr 3AIT,KO ^5;—Thc-t uow-pk>w»-were kept- tion, appropriating $50,000 fcrlb&Terief of Virginia in. in motion all day Satraday, sua^d thus the snow waaSenator Gwin thitTWinter, a year in adva'uee of the propor time, as a contemplated fraud on the people, and of a most infamous character. The indications are that the scheme, which has n^yer been sufficiently matured to justify even action, upon it, will he aban- doned. 'The clipper-ship Don Quixote sails to-morrow for China, taking 100 passengers and 25,000 Mexican dollars.Tne barks What Cheer and Page sailed from San Francisco for Japan on the 24th, to obtain cargoes of fancy goods and other productions of that country, such aa have recently sold here at enormous profits. Some okilltul aeeigners accompanied the Page with the purpt se of furnishing Japanese mechanics or artists with models after which to manufacture articles better designed for the American market? the object being to get the advantage of Japanese ekill in execution for the manufacture of articles of furniture, & c , after plans designed by Americans. High hopes are in- dulged that such employment of Japanese labor will prove vastly profitable, and result in introducing into coaroon use in this connery many useful fixtures of household furniture of exquisite taste, beauty, and of moderate cost.The liev. Mr. Gable and lady wished to go to Japan as missionaries by one oi the "vessels named, but the charier parties refueed to take them as passengers, [on the plea that their presence in that country as teachers of anew religion might lead to trouble and hinder com- mercial operations.The new wcoien factoryjen San Francisco is in suc- cc?sfnl operation, employing eighty operatives, and turning out 150 blankets daily.A concurrent resolution paesed both Houses of the Legislature on the 27tjh, appointing a Joint Committee to receive proposals for the permanent removal of the State Capital from Sacramento to San Francisco, or Oakland.The steamer Pacific arrived on the 28th, with Ore- gon. dates to the llhb, and British Columbia dates! to the 24th.A party had been dispatched by the citizens of Port- land. Oregon, to explaiu and report coxtcemingithe Similkaxacn gold mines. The accounts from the«e miues continue to be of an exciting character. |The Uritiah ihip Sea Nymph arrived at Vancouver on '.h= 21th, wiih a large number of passengers, after a voyage of &$o days from England.The Britirh Columbia Steam Na^i nation Company have proposed to make the necessary improvements on the HamHOTi River. *to his present position._^From Mexico. NEW-ORI.KANS, Saturday, Febi 18, 1860.Vera Cruz mails of the 10th,are to_hand. Miramon's army, on its way to. that city, consisted of 6)000 men with 52 pieces of artillery. Juarez's foree consisted of 5,000 men with 250 pieces of heavy artillerv. Active preparations were making by the latter for the defease of the city.News from Brownsville, TPexas. NEW-ORLKANS, Friday, Feb. 17, 1860.very fast,,and within a;few days hi» owner had' de--vclihed to part with him-at t&e round ligure of $2,500,^--Hemy Ward Beecher,, says Thz- Anti-SlaverySta7idardt.iarQJiga.gQd topresseh to Theodore Parker's-•~The Senate of Alabama Jhavepaaaed a joint rescrb> paying the expenses of the Harper's -Feary aflair.kept c^ear of tbe "tracks, but bes^'ntig it up on either side, re a? tofiE'up the* grrfters OTtrtfrely. Coarse salt was freely used^en all the- roads, «»• tbat yesterday tbe» tracks "were clear of incumbrance! It was Sward nec-continued talltbe breaking out of hostilities with Great Britain, in 1812. During this period ne would have accumulated a considerable amount of. money, as his business had greatly increased; but, unfortunately^ or rather fortunately,.sis it afterward ti.r'ied out, he seems- to have been too liberal in giving credit; and after many years of toil, he found he had-verr large sum»-of money" due him, in the South and South-Western States. In fact, he.felt himself a ruined man. -Still, he did not despond, but. with the energy that has distinguished him through life, and by the exercise Of which, addedxay substantially that when a Territorial Legisla- Francisco Herald remarks as follows: introduced, and 74 have been .received from- the As- account: and the sagacity and foresight that he dis- " The effect is prejudicial to our mining interests^ by sembly for concurrence; 1U2, of which 27 were from played,.^ the means-employed, and the time choseu,—On the 15th inst. Ihe Bepublicans of Syracuseopened-the campaign of I860 by a rousing meeting} atwhicha-Cmbwasformed- of the foUowiag-eaccell^A the holder, which,, coming in- contact with the- liraXarge Fire xia Boatoia,TWO FIREMEN KILLED,P«U. * to i; N«w-York «nd N'ortbe^. &&. \ V? i S S T ? i ? 2 S in compliance with the prayer of the petitioners, ac- charactlr of th« two memorable events of which he Ori,M» jhort^ghL Site 6 ^ cent; U. 8. gold ^ 9 > J Z ^ LBOSTON, Feb. 1% I860. _ On Saturday nigb& a Bre broke out in the cnrled hairwith great clearness and force, eo wa'J that "of 'Taylorr and both would have beenampton,8^contvr»m. ••'*""'•',''*a„ i'''* StvtxmoxHEoipire City-from New-York, 5th, arr xro° a n n o a 7.vf the Kansas Legislature on the Census Returns A bill providing for the erection- of a 8tate building and feather establishment of Maiming. Glover Sc Co., That it is a great fallacy to attempt to sustain- the fruitful of great-and permanent benefit to the country, Do Soto, from Now^)rle«a»( 12th, «au>d for New 'J0***ina* Death Penaltv, on the authority of the Bible.has been received here, and gives a very differentat Sacramento had been introduce*in.the Senate, Nos. 49 North Market street, and 42 Merchants' row, That the fear of the gallows docs not diminish the- had not the death of the President in each case de- Mr. Crandall,an extensive stage manager, was about whoee loss amounts to about $20,000 folly insured. crime of murder, while the hanging of men by the prived the succe**ful party of its chosen leader, andJ3l«abano, for New-Ortomw, united >5tb, »t Z p. m.BROOKLYN' ITEMS.Mr, E. L. Youmaas gives his fourth ami clos P^T lecture to-night at the Clintdh^ivenue Congregation**and ahoe^dealer, whose £tock was badly damaged by 'J.'bs*the abolition of the death penalty, wherever itto give expression to the public feeling; created by the water; iJiehards & Lincoln, E. D.^Eldridge,"Hii^hr v been adopted, has been attended witt good resulta- fruits o¥it were lost only though an-event-beyond theclerks of the several counties returned, and mem- mines. Resolutions were passed declaring mat the in- •,. : * iii \ t *u^"«_« *„ix.--~x ^. „» ua<, ^oIT. •— ' - **e—arrodrhmnimnutioni of crraae m alt time past, in themen.—Delegates to? the Charleston Convention havejunction, if long continued, would destroy the business age bv water. Jasrs representing them, in both branches, that the energies of the country, and - impair the mining inter- andf5Gr600.countries of the Old World, as as mour own eonntryr and in o?ir ow3i day.been closes by t&ft»teen States^and it is stated that Church. Subject—" Linking'of the realmibi' matte *bju;r, ,, '— T W T T « A. i\ £ a t " 4.1.-.:.TM »a» «-'cou auupwo, nas oeen jHitenaea wii/n; SOQQ. resuitaThey State, upon information derived from the continued closing of the New-Almaden Qaicksilvor J vColburn and W. w. Avres, au shoodealersm the im" a_n_cJa_ -]„_,^tLc-.Lj.;^. '* „^J„ ;„ „n Z\L^^£l<r ;« TuZ controlofests throughout the State. • -. At 3 o'clock on Sunday morning,, when the*firemen-only partial returns have been received by the Ex- Resolutions have passed both branches of the Legis- had about elbsed their rabers, a portion- of the v*all fell m deference to the enlightened sentiment of the Dougla^, 109; for Gen. lane, Oregon, 3r for Guthrie,returns are very imperfect, and in many countieslanire, asking Congress to establish a daily overland outward, instancy killing Charles Carter and Charles peopled -•:•ecutive. They find that Doniphan County has re- mail; also, urging a restoration of the pceau mail ser- E. Danfcon, both, highly respected members, of-.the* •'•• A COREKCTIOK. vv.ij i\\.i,'. ••».-•'-.'. v \vy-:'-,:beeil'catrgbtoua3aTge>^W.ofice,>nu^^^n^ be axfcri-Brownsville, Texas, advices to the9thinst. are re>-ceived. Important unpublished disclosures'had been ter city. . ' . '.made aB to the complicity of the Mexican,authorities with Cortina, which, it was believed, would decide the question of war.—Lawyer Sennott is to appear before the Legislative Committee, at Richmond, in behalf of Stevess,- with aFROMFrom Oar Own Correspondent.ALBANY.: the invitation of Cov. Letcher, with the promise that | the subject shall receive his careful attention*. The Judge andthe Prosecuting Attorney who tried the-casewas adopted, as follcws:--" Retolvtd, That wo reaffirm the Cincinnati platform, the r«»- olntiMis of "She State Convention of'1850, andindorae-.tbe- Admio- iatration of Jamen JJuchaJiaa.". ALBANY, Saturday, Feb 18,1860.KECESS—WHAT THE LEGISLATURE HAS DOSE AND . WHAT. IT HASN'T.will unite in the application for mercy.—Elder C. Southwick of the New-York EasternThe most important item not forwarded from Melby'sStation is tho decision of Judge McAllister, of the Dis- thirty-seven bills have been signed by the Governor, to a thorough knowledge of business and uncompromis-and that there are >shalf-a-dozen more awaiting ing integrity, he has built up a princely fortune, he de- the main, defining and enlarging the fourth, so as to case, in favor of the United. States, of which The San his examination. In the'Senate 227 bills have been termined to turn even this untoward circumstance totrict Court, in the New-Almaden Quicksilver Mine[ somewhat shorten the supply of gae. The Sremen i were promptly on the spot, although, their- ce*vicea were not required, except to bc^in-readiness to-pretecfccitizens have been deprived of their means of aupporwas better than nothing; and determining in his mindhow it could be converted into cash. At'that time therewas very little money to be had in those States wheseduced, and that 6Uhave been received by the Senate; Mr. Whitney's debtors lived; and in the South eoliee their Supervisor for over forty years until last week.tion is now quarreling about the method of calling tne roil and points of order., Glasgow. Mr. Brownlee entered college at Glasgow* the 15th inetv, at 5 p. m., arrived last evening at this whore he procured the degree cf M^&*..KICHMONO, Feb. 18—2 p. m. The Convention, amid much noise and confusion, and without arriving at any satisfactory conclusion, haejustadjourneduntil4p.m. Possiblythiseveningeoroe harmonious result will be effected.EICHMOND, Feb. 19,1860." Possessed of this large sum, Mr. Whitney couldhave retired from business, and enjoyed an.eaao ho had ; port.I The Quaker City had an excellent runup to- ' He aft»rwarda wroie a pamphlet on Quakerism*The Convention did not express a preference for anyon* tor the Presidency. The majority favored Committee On CitieB and Villages are prepared to re-in papor and real estate down. town. These, of c»u,rse> during the present year; and to givo time for the Gov-he purchased at panic pricesNand when things were-re- ernment at Madrid to further consider tho matter.aire. In- 1857 he was taxad for a million and a half. The United States steamer Crusader, CommanderST. Lot'IS, Saturday, Feb. 18, 1,860. Mr. McManus and Mr. Jamee P . Hickmau, ^ m e n - cans who have just arrived in this city from ChihtiahuA, eouinn the information recently received by ;i Major Phelps of Washington. They Teport a most depIoraoU condition of affairs in the SUte. Not only the Ameri- can bnt the entire foreign population have been ex- pelled from the country/and theirpropertvconfiscated. The State is now being overrun by a considersWe forcepjOBOTtion of one dollar assessment to ton dollars of acttoal property. Estimating Mr. Whitney's wealth on this perfectly safe basis, he died worth from *10.00CL- 800 to $15,000,600. •The opera at the Tacon Theater had been well at- Broadv^uy and Canal .treat, and arroetad 8Lx of « £Tala-aauty on the 18th, The liberals Were defeated,VUliA-The legislature, as you are aware, adjourned overyeeterday afternoon till Thursday evening of nextweek, and most of the Senators and officers of theSenate ieft town yesterday to visit their families, dothe practical to the memory of -Washington, and con-eult their constituents on the propriety of establishinga pro- rata freight law and tolling the freight, duringthe season of Canal Navigation, which passes overthose railroads which are rivals to our State Canals.A large number of Assemblymen were obliged to re-main over until to-day in consequence of the protract-ed seesion of yesterday (growing out of the assault ofMr. Milliken by the Secretary of the Clinton Leacue),. in business, as a grocer, fit Coenties slip, in which hewhich kept them here till after the trains on which, they wished to depart, had left; and in regard to that matter of the assault and the action of the House thereon, it eeems to be a disputed point hero whether Mr. Hugh Allen apologised to the House or the House apologized to Mr. Hugn Allen.The one hundrod dajs which constitute the consti^ tntional session are now half gone, or will have been when the Legislature meets again on Thursday next, and by examination--of'the proper records, I fixld thatworking.material: . jPreaideni, Hon. E. Wv L^vven-woTthi lot Vice-President, John Hartahoni; 2d do , Nicholas PetorB-,! 3d 4°-> Gen. A. P . Cranwr; 4th do., John Wiliiiiaon: 5th do.1. E. T. Harden: 6di dO., »r- A.W^Bcot; 7th do., W. H. ShauiUnd; -8th -do., Thoa. Kone; Treasurer, Peter Barn*; :Correi)pocdiac 6ecrete7. Car- zall EL. Biaith; -EecorduiK- Secr»tarv. W . JL, Moselj ; EzecntxTe Committe»r Dr.' H. D. Didaiua, &.-F. Smith,- J. J. Belden, Geo.. L. Majnazd, John Kidder.—St. Lawrence County this year has oae newused for heating purposes, ij:>iited, and burned> until the firemen and workmen suceeeded-' in. smotheriiag'it. The damage to the gasometer will not exceed* $150. The value of gas which escaped wae about $2^* The gasometer is capable^of holding: 300,000' cubic feet- of gas. , Fortunately no- one \vas isrjured.Until the repairs are completed^ .the Company- will•w^MT. VauHojro argues clear7y and forcibly that the1 g$iowiB abouldbe abolisbed for the reaf »ns above, and their preferences for candidates are as-follows: ForHa^salton avenue [ferries bad to close Tuunhofg. J,The» Ckenemgo Canal,, as I wrote, or at least tried to he will get the Oregon^ T-enaessee, and Georgia dele- ehipp en the Brooklyn sM e were blockaded during the'.• '. ' gateo after the first ballet,- aflernjonsotnatthe beat a could not enter. Oae^of the South ferry boats floated about for some hoara,"PERSONAL.TSfte Mayper's Fearry E a M . . A —5Tic Henry Aronisw-ius, AssemblytKin fri?m tln> cuse State Convention one of tiUr delegates to Charles- csned. The Fulteto and Catherine street -boats n o *CHARiiKSTewN1, Va., Feb. 19. city, had* rather am- unpleasant incident befall- Jam on ton froitotfae Thirteenth- CbiigrssBMmal x^atriet'of this with tolerable regularity, atltbdugb their trips w e » Stephens and Hazlitt, the last victims of the John: VfedBesday. He hadrbwrowed £?horfiesa»d: establish' Sfatej ffas declinedtoaervdj and consequeatly, wSJnot sdmewbatlengtben^d. The ^vTlliamsburgb boats WW*and night.Clear and cold to-day.David L. Seymour, wbc^was appointed by tfee- Syra-Brown raid,, are kept in the closest confinement. Ste; present; himself before the Democratic N«iional C'oa- phens saya he feels more cheorfol and resigned than ment-fi«dm^«3*ohn Catlerr" of Albany,,- WiSh this turnout'not serioufiry' impeied. Thct e was a great -rush offne ever expected to bo, and remarked yestcrday~that tite ^consciousnesB of suffering in a good' cause- is- suffi- cient consolation. Kazlitt is -v^ry low-spirited, andpassengsrs to the Falton ferry \ n consequeoeeiAreulariurwasontheroed,going artarswiatgmgpace,' mention: Thereae^m'giyersrisythat-Mr.Seymourrath- when the. horse suddftrriySfcli dead. The animal was er favors the Hard'Sfeell Bido-of'tbe'D'emocratic pasty.4•'.congregation on some Sunday during the approaching* Jejfersonian to have broken loose at- the Democratic*Spring. Stats; Convention held ia that -city on Thnrsday week.and is quarterad at tho NationaS. He id ran downwtth'• Douglas ikctionatfor the choice-oif-Delegale»to Cbarles- invitations to sporting saloons,,and will, in a day or ton-j At first, parties ware-abowt! equally balanced; tworgive sparring exhibitions:- butthe.Douglasites final?y conq-aered.' The meeting , —Ralph Waldo Emerson too% an extra train, on organized by electing an Adminiata-ationioti A motion which he was the sole passenger, from Lafayette to to choose a Committee on Credeafcials by-ballot cre- Chicago;the othes evening, in linae to lecture in tho lat-{drag the cars along. Thc-City ±taEku.<d Company now 'sal] 25 tickets for ^5. Since the iStfc-inst., when- the Sew arrangement went int4>effect; life'' officc*h*as been, crowded, and the demand has bsea- *e great that the> cW tickets were exhausted zn the fircttrv ro daj«:'CJTY Mor/rALiTr.—-The totil nucitwr of doaihr at this-eity, lacs week, was 121^ of whiclr-43. w«readult»r and 80 cbildrea. Of the bitter, 33 vrexe nndor one)- year of agst The jvincipal', .diseaacs-' were: Con- sumption, 1G:. scarlet fever, 1% infiaiuTriation cf'ther lungo. 8; congwstion of'the ld«ge, 4; typ>oid fever, 2; hoopiag cough, 4. Natives of tbe Unified' States.'9(ir;" Ireland, 16; Gennany, 10; Eagland, 3; 'France,-ACOSUENT AT THE E. D. GSAJO-WOUK=>—At about? 11J4o'oleck on Saturday night an alarm of fire v.-as- cau«ed by the appearantjc of » splenditl-colurau of- lighted-gas, at least about 150 fee* high, issuing frci*^ated such a storm that it waanotasttled ,(in"tbe affirm- ative) for five hours. All the '' Buck" Delegates were excluded in contested- caeos. The-result was, that EEenry A. Wyman and Chartes -D. Janeson- (©ouglas view of obtainiDgra' pardon. Mr. Sennott goes upon men)-were elected' by heavy majorities. A-resolution—At the Convention1 held J3i Newcastle, Lawrence Co., Penn., to elect a Delegate to the HarrisbuTg State Christian Conference desires to say through T H E Convention on the 22d, Leaaui-e (Anti-Cameron) re-TRIBUNE to that Conference, that oa the 13th inst. he ceased to be a member of their body.ceived 250 votes, and Ferguson 210. J A-resolution was passed againBtthe e-xpression of a preference-for Presi-n ,-be short of storage room', which circumstance- will townj Waddington,. and the whole twenty-nine to woe-have elected Republican Svapervisora. There's- a-Re_ publican county " as is" Republicani.night previous. She had been employed in the jail- and223 have received the favorable reports of Committees; thins were generally made in cotton. But, how could The Republicans, on the 14th, elected every man on had obtained the priv.lege of lodging there occasional-York, of which 6 are for the establishment of new City Eailroads.In the Assembly I find that 461 bills have been intro-100 have been ordered to a third reading, and 85 Have paFsed. At this »tage of the .session lasL year, 498 bills nad been introduced, being 37 more thau tbia session; 278 had been reported favorably, 55 more than this .seuaiou; 81 had been ordered to a third reading, 19 less than this session, and 75 had been read a third time and passed, being 10 lees than this year. It is proper to t ay that a large number of bills in the hands oi Comr mitte'es have been considered, and are ready to be re- ported, and would have been reported yesterday had not the entire session been occupied with the question oi privilege, growing out of the assault on Mr. Mil- liken.Of the bills introduced into the Assembly, 62 have special reference to the City of New-York, of which 15 authorize the construction of Railroads."Of the 37 bills which havejbeen signed by the Gov- ernor and become law nearly all are of local charactercotton be made available ? In consequence of the war their ticket by an average majority of. 27. Milton ly.. It is supposed that-she waa-on, her way to that in-" But Mr. Whitney was equal to the emergency; and not of general interest. Among those worthy of and by his admirable management, that which provedmention are the following:An act in relation to Railroads in the City of rsew-York prohibits the construction of any more Railroads in the city without permission of the Legislature.To facilitate the completion of the Lake Ontario and Hudson River Railroac." As a matter of course, the effect of the panic was 6 hours and 20 minutes from- the city, and; arrived at purpouui of rebuilding S-jhool Hooae JSO. 13. Messrs-N«»tbup,Harris, and Cox, wer» appointed such Cooimittee.Company's lands, and to transport and sell such pro- ducts. Thi? act becomes void unless the new Company shall be organized witbin six montns, and unless it shall also within" eighteen months thereafter complete the road from Balaton to Scaudaga River in the town of Hadley, Saratoga County, and unless the road shall be completed withm three years thereafter to the south of Essex County. The time for completing the entire road is extended five years from the time originally contemplated by its charter.vannah, Georgia, and New-Orleans, for little more thanan " old song," sent hifi purchases to- Amelia Island,whence they were shipped to Europe: in neutral ves-sels. His returns were so satisfactory that he. was-in-duced to make ttill larger purchases-of cotton,, whichhe phipped in the same manner, and with unvaryingBucceys. lie continued this business till the cloae ofthe war. During the attack on New-Orleans by theBritish force's- under Sir John Packeuhain, in 1815, he-The Captain-General had issued a.proclamation call-ing for volunteers for the Spanish army against Mo- coarse, the preacher made a-hsief and -rapii statementUntitled Document" Be dispatched clerks to make collections among his Southern and South-Western debtors, with instruct tions 10 take whatever they could get—rightly judgr-ngwith Great Britain, an embargo had been-laid on ship-ping, and even if cargoes could be shippod in Ameri-can bottoms, from American ports, they would neverhave been able to enter any English, port,,even if theyescaped capture by the British vessels-of-war that from the Republican candidates, is as follows:swarmed in the Gulf of Florida, and were constantly Governor, William Spracue; Lieut.- Governor,- J. Raaaoll Bnl- crossing and recrossing the Atlantic. At that time, it lock; iSeeaeSaxy of State.. John B~ Bartlott; General Treasurer,stitution, and being, probably under the influence of liquor fell dowa, and thus perished; Coroner Horton held an inquest, and the Jury rendered-a verdiefc-ia, ac- cordance with the facts of the case.ATTEMPT TO Pxcs..* CouKTHP.FBr? BILL.-—A womannamed Mary McLasshMn- offered a live-dollar bill on (vu>- N « w - Hayen Banle, at a grocery in Kultoc street, on Saturday. »ighv, •wbickwaa found to be counterfeit. The.anaount of the-purcoase •waa nine ubillinicrt. SI:* handed tlie- croccr a. five collar gold piece, out of which hotcok hiH pay., and gave her the .ehaaga . Meaawhile Oflicer Waddy was brought in aud he ari^alod the woman, who wan leskad up for examination. The crccar not only kept the articles pnechaaed but also-She money.P r i a u c Scuoo.t No. 13.—At a special, meeting ofthe Board of Education^.recently ar.ld, the sabjoct of proeuriuc temporary accommodations lor th* pupU» of- No. 13 (£e*tJroy«a by iire^, waa referreJ-tt» the Local Committoe with povns. A r*s»olution waa also adopted to the effoot that a C<Munntt*e of Threw be appointed rt> wait upon tho Mayor with tile v5*w or obtafaiaK Ms cooperation in procciiagjthei'aum of $2^;90»ior th*Passed Sunday, 1 p . m., between Abseoom and Kar- tion of the war began tho cultivation of the arts of uegalt, steamersMosesTaylor,.Augusta^and YprktoAvn,rable foresight which he possessed.. With sho termina-Whitney was one of the largest par&ieipattss. The-in- •inst.jstopping tha importation of Chineeeemigrantsinto creased value of his landed property was as enormousright, and fair. In the-'&reat panic of .1837, having im-mense amounts of cash as his command, ho speculatedest oi those who had contracted for their importationA large and attentive congregatica hetonad to atamon.thtstored to theiz original, state formdhimaelf a million-—Fandemoaium is declared by The- Bangor(Me.)>—Tom. Hyer arrived isr^Waebington ou Thwuday, The conleetwas het%voeu L n e S n ^ S S a ' S jiessary, however, to put etrdoutfe- teams in order to-—Miss Siddons, a pupil of Macroady, and a lineal de- dent-b'y the State Couventiouj aad against the appoint- the immense* gae-meter belcngiag to tho W3lbimoi' Fcendant of the great- Mrs. Siddons, is shortly to ap- ment of District Delegates by the same body. burgh •Slas Company, loeated at the uorti.-weatf' pear on the stage, in.London, as Lady Macbeth. , —The Campaign Ckib of the Republicans-of- the comer cf North 35ghth and'Sixth- streets. The acci-v-officered; Qwing to the storm, one of the- guide platee which ;> PreBtdwit, William Kollocl; Vice-President, Angustug Weis- keep the holder in its proper poaition broke.-- By the -—In addition to what we published on Friday in Tenth Ward, formed on Thursday evening, is thus dent took place uiftder the following circirmstancec. *regard to the late Stephen Whitney and the growth of his colossal fortune, w.e gather from our cotemporaries the following additional items:xoan; SeoTtttai.y.'GeorstrOaiabo: TreaatirerrN. &; Dunham 5:DolegatoH to Central Club, B. F. Shaffor, J. R. havrrertf^, Thora** breaking of the plate the • helder was thrower tx> omef : G. Thornton, E. A. Yrmvr? Jacob M*»eer, X>avid 'jVliHor, J>.Donaldaou, H. II. Jon«B, C.'JS. K.ugler, H. Moore, jr." Tae deceased was'born at Derby, Conn., from which place heremovsd to New-York, whsro he startedside, and jbe heavy strain to?e away the guide wheels • and the crown sheets to which* they were xaatflaed, permitting the gas-4 > escape ia-a large volurte- from,Johnston ia the new Supervisor elect.—The State Decoy ticket, nominated in. RhodeIsland on the 16th, with the object of drawing off votesFROMHAVANA.to cheapen cotton to the very ^lowest .figure—^holdersbeing glad to get rid of the "unsalable commodity al-most at any price. But to a man of Mr. Whitney'smercantile genius, the way to find a market for tho ar- special-permit. She had strong, north-west gales and. -LXX.—l^nsi evening, the. Rav, Ds. Vermilye preached ticle, and that market an English one, was soon made a heavy head sea during the passage. the funeral discourse of the hue Rev. Dr. 3i.xs.wnlee, - clear. At that time, as our readers arefaware, Florida . The, steamer Empire City, had left Havana for N e w -having purchased immense quantities of cotton- a t SaCunajd steamer Karnak, froia. New-Y ork via Nitssau, entered port at the same time with the De Soto. The health of the city remained.good.an eloquent a^d well-finifihed sermon, in. .which th» Apostle waB commended as a. i'tu^tologjaiuraiher than, a theologian, and hence a gpod and great esemplar. for the Christian minister. . At t-l» couclusion. af tae dis-Havaaa in 51^ hours from New-Orleans. LeitHavana-on Tuesday, 14th iDst., at Oi, p. m., byFUKERAL SxSOl'oir OF THZ IuASS REV. DF .JER0WN-north of the Saint John's River,, was the boundary line Orleans. The steamship Quaker City, Capt. Sh'ufeldt, Lsihyette place and Fourth- s&reet. Ho taok for hia £ between the United States and Florida. Mr. Whitney, ,was>isi port,, to leave for New-Tork on th& 15fch. Tho- text, 1 Tbe8saloaian8,-iv., 1% 17, lSveEaea* After jjhad immense quantities of cotton in the city—all ofwhich depended on the issue of the struggle, whether do., y<i;.li<-.. Alaraoaihc, liWUjtC. Cotfee, btnt uuality, 15^5iCd. September, '.'793. Hia nio:.fc*r waa- Maria McDoagall,An act to authorv/c County Clerks to enter satisfac-tion of judgments in certain cases, provides that uponthe payment to the Sheriff of a county of the amountdue upon any execution in his bauda, issued upon ajudgment obtained in any other county, such Sheriffshall, if requested, deliver to the person paying thesame, a copy of such execution, and of his indorse-ment of satisfaction thereon, and shall certify thesame to be a copy, and shall be entitled to receivetwenty-live cents" therefor; and upon tiling such cer-tified copy with tho Clerk of the brat mentioned county,suchClerkshallenternatisfacliouofthesaidjudg-ment upon the docket, in the same manner and with still larger enterprise's. He invested the greater por- teen hours, veering into.N. W., hlowing terrilieally up the like effect as if the said judgment had been obtainedin such county and the original execution had beenreturned satisfied.iixohaiign—London, COdays, lJ$'££t4.prem.; New-York, 2*31. OJTE DAY LATER.bound south, they having aivchoaed inside tho jiook Saturday night in consequence of the bad weather.instl, the receipts of which were $2,000, she also draw-u Up to the time of his decease, Mr. Whitney de- ing] a prize the same day in the Havana lottery for iii(>voted his time to a great, extent to collecting renf,s and $0,000. A new company had been formed, to betmmUm-r';,:: •-, »r«..-^'-.) •in discussing ther eliauces of. -rThe Abend-Zeitung,"Wei believe.;indeed, tbat a candidate like Bates Matanzas^^O boxes^'ahist 9v\000 m 1859. PricesAblition of Capital Punishment, has presented a bill,companied by a written report, in which it ie shown; speakp. I The ?vi0*o»y of Harrison was complete, and prem.; *Teat1c«i dol)»r» <m»hlx» boanl, J?«r Lai * " « »OBU*Tand mind."• \-.>''.'• •* y.fi \hTITE F E K R I E S . — T h e EastRrveT was so M l of iceKentuolcy, S2; for Andrew Johneon, Tennessee, IX;for Jeff, Davis, M&eaiesipp* and'AlabannV A ^ for Mr«- yesterday tbat the boats of the Montagae, South and;?****« » * HeacX^arWS 2 ^ TThe sixth oue seemed ta'be a novitiate, and, a f t * * ^«wrgo Christy to t U aam« www.fultonhistory.com 