 iofcnrao,wfcom&ewke*"^^*&*£?- >,Mr.ICBtoTi,r«toft2fe idreferredHk*^?*iong after, he set ^ £ ^ 5 sfiaaee b y a n aaa**jj^3flooroftheH( one of our cityhe received is Lingkepthimraifc^ tgfor notoriety, beja[r. Lovqoy, whicV JeAy .with Mi'. Potter,is journal, in regard |^i ig duelists are weJLi\vi be repeated. ^ ; idicate themselves, wij^*>wu exceptional . Potter.acceptance of M r .ill b e condemned by i>inionhe would netnmm should know thatIa duelist, liacerely i >arbarism. Bat, son within thecanoni of j >r challenged him toIs believed that atake his life, and that, estipn whether he would! 1 rules, or, declining toto the hazard* of a ?d moment, after theupon Hickman,nown to him, induced sclined the duello, h e ion; and; therefore, hejma actuated hyn any mere personal whether a braver maa f-reliant courage thati deeds, that never actai hat moves forward to: ite estimate of u)ttniate;lhaving taken i t s lue^ H e felt that,was be:^ m&de tothe floor fi the U<mito dishonor and disgrac* J [the chamber; and thats^l \for the time, committed j onchs to be imperiled isfe] determined to meet thea^j very hazard, his own ridfe] coQstituents, and also, &{»dom of debate on theis. 1 which this pestilent Jjqur ra hadforfour month* fees.bate on Wednesday betaes tectiogwhat occurred ot& a a culminating point m&»e-d by the Chivalry upoiii ommencement of the sees*A^fli'* murderers,crtmmon current'of epi eduponthemforwedlhese assaults, with glowiq estures. Pryor, advana^ insolent nfanner, told ia the area, in front of fir i in a ruffianly manner it )iy responded, «<Yonj*That Potter thus sti, statemeutofwhatPlyluest:onable. A n d for tfcii ^d him. It is aQegel|f challenge was sentaffceri me ten or a dozen Bott- om Potter's colleague ml was expressed that Poteri er.ge. Ifthisbeso,&ft iheoft-assertedfactthai*out" a Northerner wises will respond t o his cafl. B igafc the valor of Kogeri. arts,andwhetherthe«£c conspiracy, or the n m d braggart w h o sent ifc » an attempt to bn^ ssible, disgrajce, every B»- sd a n d w a s ^determined** tte in the House. And mflrf :mpt been crushed b y ft* >hnF. Potterjit>re can be b|it one opinfet I le has been Peking a figfcer. Hehas hadanopf** *&equal terms, and xrafcf Cherished "code," and* tber. B y one of the rectf de, everybody is authorM onandacoward." Itif* atrons toattempttocreef irough t h e small crew* character of the weaponof Potter. • Knivea t m mutual dueling weapon, M e Mississippi Valley. Vfc ustominVirginia. Pot#the Mississippi Eiver, at* sode as construedinV^ >aaks of that river, g~about the weapon*,&r equal chance t o both I***.being secured, a tern ybody &ut the veriert f^.g and saying whafc T&*i fought Potter wift *f\ pretence of the JBGwlte ^liy charged Potter-. . w i i | m in substance # * * **Ji ! that h e wooW W »*aa*; 7or) would j*tf* &*»<** to, was told larF««««*10o eu&i&tS! TM****^ &* OewMoSng-an 1for Panama. The embassadors will thence proceed to Sailed from Tahiti Jan. 4, Bhip Modern Times for New-York;6th, wbaleship Massachusetts for homo; 9th, whaleahlp Splen- did for home; 16th, whaleahip Warren for home; 19th, whale- ship J ullen for the North.MARINE AFFAIRS.C„ynumaeas totko&M- m t o go, a n d promptijrbtedpriv3egeof^x»- snycreatuxe,afterpro- tosucuapotftaoo,^Uandinuuea4oe»tW0^lo^figbii^fo^*;: out that could be trroegJ*itbe canons o*fte«*; Heisadaiitty *W*^becausebi»finger*Ju* MJ; butb^basuosloiP^I mightresultin.la»lNip^ig that CoL Landet^-^ acting strictly w i t f e i a ^ soggestionthat thefeilixicipal had, thxougjB. hifeaid, Uwreupoii,proeeijlM| v . - . ha.To appease the wounded sensibilities of their TJte Constitution meanly reflects upon Mr. Cor- Southern customers, a number of New-York mer- win for appearing before the Post-Office Committeechants subscribed and paid over to Mr. Lemmon a sumlargerthanthevalueofhisliberated slaves.mra«Aspinwall, where the United States steamer Roanoke is expected to be in waiting to convey them to Wash- ington. •J \i»•Btg.vpom fi»e celebrated precedentof the Grave8 gangsofslaves,jmaleandfemale, ontbeirwayto a b -andCiEeyduel,heproposedTOfightPnorwithany Sputhem;market,drivenhand-cuffedandwithi - i i" -••"*—in j •nL-ju^iIJ-L. i ii-111.1J-..•. . . . . . .Weaponwhichtoutr^tidiouggentlemanmightwhipscrackingabouttfceir.earsthroughtheBtreets rselect. Whereupon thi* smokier for the tenets of of this city under authority of a new decision onJohnston,formerlyi aC o a g ^ J H e h a uShe code, this punctilious fPryCSr, n o t relianing t h ewhifttlbgofbufleisanymorethan thegleamingof ciates. Thiswouldbethenextthingtothefulfill-The Pony Express is greeted with great enthusiasmbythepeopleoftheValley,and aswehavehadbatasemi-monthlymailduringthepastWinter,theprospectplacoa of rerfSnw of the «}t*Z?* *J82fflEZ£Z£SZ ^ S ^ ^knives, conceived a sudden prejudice against jristols, and informed CoL Lander that he i*4 HO controversywith,him! Andso,RogerA. Pryor, aaottoputtoofineapoint upon it, whohadgone swaggering into this qoanvl, skulked out of it adoubiy-diagraced man.HOV9TON ON CONVKIYTION8.Gfov. Houston has published a long letter declin-ing to allow his name to be brought before the Charleston Convention as a candidate for the Presi- dency. Though it is impossible to read this docu-jaent without calling t o mind the fable o f the fox who stigmatized a s sour t h e grapes that hung out of his reach, atthe same time it must be Admitted that a great many o f G o v . Houston's points are extremely well taken, and very strongly put. The letter is principally made up of a series of pungent objections to the caucus system of Presi- dential nominations as it has been operated by the Democratic politicians. T h o General points out ibe effect of this system in denationalizing the party,ment of the anticipation-ascribed to Mr. Toombs of some day calling the roll of his slaves under th eof a Q^ctcammxuiicationwitu friends in the East is J aballbiVrtondaTi to prepare an3 u,rt*LfSSfflffiBndcuttingitup into an incoherent congeriesof thatjournalexultantlyreliesontheinfluenceofthe sectional and personal cl'qnea, having no common " almightly dollar"—" their greatest and mostthe Emperor's Council. They are accompanied by a the yew opened. Operators bare completed thoir parchMOMfor Attorney when he would move the truU. He answeredobject of national importance in view, but limited to the securing of office, power, spoils, and plunder' for this or that section of the party, and compelling all the others.to submit to, and even to promote, this"powerful god"—to quiet down the people of New-England and the North-West on the question of Slavery. " Even the clergy," remarks The Herald—no doubt with the New-York Methodist Conference,andtheRev.Mr.Kettell,andhis" masterly speech," in its eye—" are bowing down "to it, andbecoming eminently conservative. " Slavery most of them regard a s a sin; but a large "number,continually growing larger, considerit " a s a venial sin, a sort o f necessary evil; while " some go still further, a n d justify the institution " on mcral and political grounds." I n remarkingas it dees, in its first article, that it is Mr. Kettell, and men of the same stamp, who can alone save •" religion" from utter destruction, it must be the worship of the almighty dollar t o which that journalsionofSanJuanIsland,and that, inresponsetothe proposition of the British Government, the latter has by this time been so informed.Mr. Stockton, Chaplain of the House, the President, Speaker Pennington, and other members of Congress, being ainong his numerous auditors to-day, was so pointed in his remarks as clearly to imply rus Btrong condemnationofthednello. * JThe Hon. Wm. Cost Johnson, ex-Congressman from Maryland,diedhereto-day.The postage between the United States and the appropriate terms. They were also entertained at a Fruits unchanged.*arrangement.'mill bemade up of Squatter-Sovereignty Democrats, Don-interventionDemocrats,TerritorialSlave-code Democrats, African Slave-trade Democrats, with ialf adozen different shades andvarietiesofdis- union, secession and Southern-Confederacy Demo-crats, which last, indeed, may b e expected to exer- cise a controlling influence over its proceedings.The General alleges that the existing agitation Upon the subject of Slavery w as entirely brought about through the eager struggles of selfish and un-"stance of the tardiness with' whichjraetice is nteted out "tocriminalswhochancetobe-poesexsectofmoney,"be- comes the eixnple truth that delay bae- arisen merely from the fact that an- overworked District AttorneyThus,theCharlestonConventionprincipled Presidential aspirants t o manufacturepolitical capital for themselves, a n d h e alludes i n refers. Indignant terms to his own ostracism, because, fore-beBt quarters on board the Powhatan during the voy- age, and arrived in good health and highly pleased.The chief dignataries are magnificently dressed in embroidered silk robes, each wearing a sword of beau- tiful workmanship. They have conducted'themselves with great dignity and propriety.The Japanese Embassadors visitad San Francisco on the 31st uit., and have remained the honored guests of the city ever since. Twenty thousand'dollars has been appropriated from the city treasury to provide for them suitable entertainment. A l l t h e Corporation officers, the members of the Legislature, the Governor and citi-firmre*e. Bacon 12^'a/iCic. for best brands. NewButteris slow; sales of tbe best, via the Isthmus, at 27jc., though many holders demand 80c. Brined Hams 12c Lard leas firm; J Bu tt. Co 'u, b y the 50 cases, can be bought at 15Jc Pork in steady inquiry: Extra clear 4?2'i, and $ 1 1 for Mess, $ i 8 50 for Prime, and $15 50 for Foreign. Raw Sugars drooping; No. 1 China dull, at 8}c.; Domestic better maintained; sales of New-Orleans at 13c, and choice Muscovado at 12c. Foreign Brandies in specu- lative requeat, and rates advanced, but dealers ore doing nothing. Other Spirits are dull; American drooping. Wbiaky43®44c Brandj 4 5 c Pure Spirits 42Jc. Alcohol 75c Teas greatly de- freused. Wines unchanged; 75 casks of Claret per the ship Jeanarjeir are yet in first hands,3:30 P . M.—All kinds o f business much depressed. Pork andBacon Ormer, without much activity. Butter declined; bestseeing the inevitable consequences, he had refused Jo give his sanction t o the Kansas-Nebraska bill.The Democratic caucus system, as managed byNews from the City of Mexico to the 1st inst. do not confirm the accounts hitherto circulated from New-Orleans that, in consequence of the seizure of the Marin -steamers, a decree had been issued ban-The city is full of rumors as to when the Legislature will aojourn., and when it wont, as to vetoes,.railroad ment prevailed, and that a declaration of w a r w a s tolls, &c. I t is rumored that the Governor has vetoes prepared for the Albany & Sosqaehannah Railroad ap- propriation, and three city railroad bills. Other ac-the part of Ju£ge Taney and his. Pro-Slavery asso-,..;.:,,..'•.\-;•.>••':•: - — • »•; ••>:-.^ :•.:•-;;'.,..;•'IneSnthbo«partoftb«pooplo, «d hepropoaeatopropoundtothorn^ ^Sshadow of Bunker Hill.sion, Mr. Toombs might easily do that by passing Banker Hill on his w ay to New-Orleans and a market.TAs He>&d, when it remarks that " the devil.Tne tele?Japh 'linG is now complete to Miller's Sta-tion,30mileseasto\thijB <a*T»aixd an°®<*?m beopened at that point dunT^the present week. In twoBSJSSSZ& A ^ S S I „r. - f tneSS*TabaH hT.lloweTto him, and 1« thrt c*<» «pp"-Rev. Mr. Kettell, t o whose speech in the Conference we referred on Saturday, and whom The Herald compliments i a the same article a s a " sensitive,Owing to the derangement of the wires befcv^een Territorial Government this session.fcTloafl^ments would permit him to prepare them. J*ut thZZbin'* TMt yet been served, and to that fact, and tothat fact a*one, is uue tne aeiay in- ' — isdue the delay in bringing on thet h ethe. majority of the members, and by whom the ioneat minority is rendered powerless, and in factemployed t o give a color o f respectability t o pro- ceedings which they do not approve, tends at the same time to deprive the body of the people of theirdue influence, and the President so selected of his Miramon relied being on board those vessels.proper independence and the freedom of action Meanwhile, there are reports at Vera Cruz of aessentialtothedischarge ofhisofficialduties. In newmarchuponMexico,forwhichpurposeitwasihe formation of conventions, public sentiment is reported that the troops of the Northern ProvincesDot regarded nor expressed; b u t cliques and man-agement and chicanery are resorted to as substi-tute* for it. Instead of giving expression to the rially shaken. They still held the cities of Guada-popular wfH, which they pretend to be their object, lajara and San Luis Potosi, and no progress had est to go through over the vetoeB. One current rumor Joth the design and effect of these conventions, as yet been made by the Constitutionalists in their at-corrupt andsemsapbl&atftM"Who constitute 1ihey are actually conducted, is to control the popu- tempts to recover those cities. laraction.Nominationsaremadeandplatformsput -Ourembassador,Mr.M'Lanehasreturnedto forth, containii g in amb'guoua language stetaments Vera Cruz, and that city is recovering from the ef- lubject to different constructions in different parts fects of the late bombardment, which occasioned*f the Uoicn, and calculated to deceive, and all much less damage than was at first reported. Who will not snbmit to this dictation are pro-LOSS O rT H E SCHOONER ORANDirjr.Aiishingproperty. I t is stated, however, that great excite-Americancitizens,a n dconfiscatingtheirtalked of. The defeat of the attack on Vera Cruz is ascribed to that capture, the supplies upon whichon the 2d instant a grand public reception was given the strangers at the largest ball in the city, where the United States officers, both civil and military, with theforeign consuls a n d State the reception ceremonies.or merchandise collateral.SHIPPING NEWS.SAN FRANCISCO, April 3,1860. Since the departure of the Overland Mail of tho 26th.ult., thefollowing vennels have arrived:Arrived March 26, barks Rival, from Baltimore, and Trusco,from Sydney; 27tb, *teamer Golden Age, from Panama; 29th, TJ. S. steamer Powhatan, from Japan; 30tb, bark Rover, from Japan; 31st, ship Sierra Nevada 97 days from Boncon; Frenchwere-again concentrating. But it does not appear that the power of the Church party had been mate-On the other band, it is confidently expected that the Legislature will not adjourn till the city railroads are signed or vetoed, and that if vetoed they, with other billsthathavebeenvetoedandareexpectedtobeve- toed, will have Bnfficient vitality by a union of inter-Government.The Powhatan, on the day of her arrival, went toMary Island Navy Yard, all the embassadors remain- ingonboard. Itwillrequireseveraldaystoover- haul the steamer and take in coal, when she will sailPanama-Arrived March 31, brig Crimea, from Coronol; ship Gladiator,from'Alexsndria.Sailed Morch 23, ship Hindostan for Puget's Sound, and thenceis bound to Valparaiso; 29th, ship Ovodo for Hong Kong; 30th, EagleWingforNew-York. •>Sailed April 2. ships Expounder for Callao; 3d, Ganges and Atlas for Mazatlon; Ocean Telegraph and- Harvey Hastings, forwe deem it our right to ask that no more should be* presented m your columns.Very respectfully yours,JAMES T . BRA.DYtIndeed, after such a deci-WASHINGTON, April 15,1860. oppoeition will pair off with as a "masterly ' one—"a better defense of the Democratic members of Congress who are goingto Charleston, and will avail themselves of this arrange- ment to visit their homea, it is probable that scarcely a quorum, if so many will be left here to attend to the" rational, and educated clergyman," and his speech 1As anumbero ft h eligence:SAN FRANCISCO, April 3,1860. The United States steamer Powhatan, Capt. Pear- son, bearing the flag of Commodore Tatnal, arrived onthe 27th of March from Japan, via Honolulu. ShebringBthe Japanese embassy, consisting of two prin-cipal Embassadors,.Princes of the highest rank amongthe nobility of the empire, and two associates, who* f f i S f f i ^ £On this iniftlftwrote to McDonSk's " influential friends," *> wit: sar invalid brother, an aged mother, and heart-brokenHater, that the trial would b e brought o n rat April Bnt the cross interrogator^ were n<H• « » TM A ten days, and on our again, aarf on the 12th of JSftxcn applying for information, w e were advised that they would be served as scon as possible-They did not. come, but tbe wmroencement ot Jg»' elave institution"—though, to be sure, that is not faying much—'* than any delivered in Congress " during the present session."That the Rev. Mr, Kettell may understand the precise value and bearing of these compliments, w e beg leave to refer him to an article in a subsequent column of the same number of The Herald, in whichpublic business.David A . Burr, w h o h a s recently returned fromUtah, in a lecture last night, refuted t h e statement of Mr. Hooper, the delegate from the Territory, that the Mormons have no coinage of their own, ana exhibited some of their money which the authorities have forced into circulation to show that it isthirty per cent be-lowthenationalstandard.foreigners.NEWS FROM T H E SANDWICH ISLANDS.The news from the Sandwich Islands is unimportantThe schooner Emma Rooke of NewEondon, arrive at Honolulu on the 16th of March-.CALIFORNIA COMMERCIAL NEWS.SAW FKAKCIHCO, April 3—5 p. m.There is hardly a lingering hope remaining that thescribed a s heterodox, a n d sent out of the party. THE LATEST NEW& Legislature will agree on a Toll bill, and there is danger limited. .vsrorls "were set oif, speeches were made appropriate to tal, Capt. Upton, hence for Indianola, who transferred to theoccasion,andthebestfeelingwasmanifestedby usCapt.Baker.S.Baker,1stofficer,Mr.Wixon,-stew- everybody. ard, wife and child, of tho schooner Granadilla of Bos-The last hundred miles of the route were made in ton, which vessel was in a sinking condition, and thoJThttBthepeople find themselvesstrippedoftheir &H»t valuable political privileges, and reduced to J>ethemerepuppetsofaf«?wdesigningpoliticians.• At the same time, the candidate thus nominated is equally deprived of his individuality and his inde- pendence. He is the President, not of the nation,nor even of a party, but only of a clique of a party. And this depriv ition of political independence ex- tends not (nly to the successful candidate, it exer- cises its powerful inflaence over all who aspire t o thePresidentialoffice. Theresultis,thattheboldthatitwilladjournwithoutmakingprovisiontomeet TheBoardofSupervisorssentamemorialupto the liabilities of the State for interest on the canal debt, the Legislature te-day, asking an appropriation ofspirit whichcorrupted.the path of progress and enterprise. Surroended i>ytheminionsofaparty,tiedtoameaningless platform, compelled to consult the wishes of a fac-nearly all i t s contents. LOPS about $10,000; iaaured for $3,400. The fire originated in a bakery in.the building.—•Naval.NOHKOLK, April 15, 1860.An inspection of the United States ship Germantown tookplaceyesterday.Theevolutionandexercisesofvessel afloat, I concluded to abandon her, and w a s taken off by the brig. There were eightof us on board, allofwhomwererescued. Atthetimeofleaving there were 24 inches of water in the hold, and blowing heavy with snow squalls. April 5th, lat. 25°. loa. 7 7 ^ 40', was spoken by schooner Kensington of Charleston, Capt. Sebert, bound from Nuevitas, who kindly re- ceived nrvsell, the first officer (Mr. Baker), the stew- ard (Mr. Wixcn), wife and child on board and brought us to this port."TheGrandillais228tuns, rates A 2,wasbuiltin- Harpswellin1855,andisowned byMr.Delandof Boston, Capt. Baker and others. She is partly insured-YACHT LAUNCH.once cbaracierized o u r statesmen, is Politicians n o longer take the lead inaccept his proposition, which was not delivered under the advice of Mr. Pryor's friends to whomcall an extra session.The Utica Asylum Investigation Committee will re-TtfE CHARLESTON CONVENTION.,£his city for the purpose oi embarking with them for not carry Illinois if nominated. Caleb Cushing de- "Texas; but upon being brought before the bate clines jzoing to Charleston as a delegate, and hasJ u d g ePayneo nhabeascorpus,h epronouncednotified his substitute t o a c t . There was a move- ment on foot to make him permanent PresidentThe damage to the • Baltimore and Ohio Railroad is not of a serious character. All is in good order be- tween Newark and Bellair. The portion that was obstructed by the flood is between Columbus aud.New- arkv A lavge force is at work there, and all will be iepairedBQthattrainscanpassovertheentirelineto- morrow (Saturday.)The news from Oregon and Washington Territory is quite unimportant..them fit*, on the ground that the owner had volun-FROM CARSONV ALLEY .tarily' brought them into this State.r* quested the privilege of sending a commission to Mobile arid to California, for the purpote of obtaining evidence of their cli- ent's derangement of mind. As McDonald was possessed of con- siderable means, and was fortunate enough to be surrounded byA MEAN DISCRIMINATION.toied^^«f^ •————•The excitement in regard to, the silver and gold mines in this region is unabated. Hundreds are pour- ing in from all parts of California. Scarcely a com-RECEIVED B Y MAGNETIC TELEGRAPHcFrom Washington.Special Dispatch to T h e N- Y . Tribune.WASHINGTON, April 15, 1860.There is a strong disposition in the Assembly not t o levy this last tax, but to adjourn a n d g o home, after The city is still agitated with various rumors to having presented an address to the people, showing the effect that Mr. Pryor had disclaimed his sec- who are the persons who have prevented the passage ond'sactioninrejectingMr.Potter'sterms,and ofpropermeasureBforincrea&ingtherevenuewithout had addressed Mr. Potter another note, offering to resort to burdensome taxation. But rather than have the State go to protest, it is said that the Governor will$20,000 to be expended in entertaining the Japanese embassy.The attaches of the Powhatan are ordered on board on the 5th inst., and the Steamer is expected to sail for PanamawiththeCommissionersaboutthattime.'The Powhatan arrived up from Mare Island to-day, andagreatmilitarydemonsiarationwas taking place when the messenger left.The Japanese steam corvette Candinamarruh h a s been in the Dry Dock at Mare Island Navy Yard and beenputincompleteorderfreeofcharge,Commodore Cunningham explaining that while he had no actual authority to render this accommodation, he felt sure hewas but carrying out the instructions of his Govern- ment in doing for the Japanese steamer all that he coulddoforanAmericanman-of-war.eight hours, amd the courier states that even better time h a d been made over other portions of the road. We are not advised where the express Which lefs here on the 3d inst. met this one coming this way.Tbe next express will leave nere Tuesday next, April20,at9o'clockinthemorning.•Fire inViBceniies,Ind., THE PRYOR AND POTTER QUARREL.themessagewasallegedtohavebeencommuni- portto-morrow.TheyhavefailedtofindanythingThe Legislature is occupied in considering the San the crew weie highly satisfactory.Francisco Bulkhead bill. The contest is exciting, pro- The Dismal Swamp is on lire, and the flamesare portionate to the interests involved. The result is raging with much violence.doubtful.cated. Another is that Mr. Pryor had signified his wiliingnees to meet Mr. Potter in common combat,decisive^s to where the patient received his injuries asthe employees of the Asylum aTe said to have testified dent,withalltheauthority conferred uponhimby with sucharmsaseithermightchoose,outsidethe differentlyfromtheirstatementstotheCoroner'sJury.tion rather than the good of the nation, the Presi-The Counsel for the Asylum who appeared before the Committee managed to rule out the testimony taken before the Coroner on technical points. I understand the evidence shows a waBt of interest on the part of Dr. Gray, and that the attendants of the Asylum have been selected without reference to their fitness.Senator McLeod Murphy's resolution for the appoint- ing of a Committee to inveatigate the affairs of the Central Park, was passed bast night.The Senate aleo adopted the Assembly substitqto for the Bankrupt bill.There will be a fight in th e Assembly against th e leiesies of each and every faction composing it, these reports. His friends do not propose to pub- Commissioners of Records appropriation, in the city taxlish the correspondence now, as the main facts are levy aspassed by the Senate, and it is doubtful if theThe Weather at Halifax. HALIF AX, Saturday, April 14, 1860.the letter of the Constitution, is reduced to a mere puppet in the hands of those who made him.frequented walks.These rumors have as yet no foundation in fact,The State Capital seems permanently located a t Sac- ramento, $100,000 having been appropriated for the commencement of a capitol building, which is to cost, when complete, $500,01)0.Wm. B. Garrison and others are negotiating for a m. Aurora last night from N. E. to N. W., with strong•"• What independent man," the General indig whatever purpose maybe entertained. They doubt•Ingereoll the boatbuilder will launch a yacht of 13£ day, a t 5 o'clock p. m .FOR EUROPE.The splendid steamship Adriatic, Capt. Coinstock, left this port on Saturday for Southampton and Havre with 197 passengers and $605,000 in specLe The Brit- ish steamer Kangaroo, Capt. Brooks, sailed at the same time for Liverpool, via Queenstown, with 35- cabin passengers and 150 in the steerage. She takes out $50,000 in specie. The Hamburg mail steamer Ba- varia, Capt. Hcnsen, also left for Southampton, Hairrojantly asks, "would be such a Preeidenb? With •* the Constitution for his guide, h e should be tram- * meled b j n o party pledges. H e should enter into•* no bargain with political cliques o r party leaders,** whose corruptions must be cloaked, and who must*l DSretained in office, to Bavethe party the odium of4• * erposure." Whereas, the nominee of the Charles-less led to the arrest of Mr. Potter yesterday morn- ing. Mr.Pryorhasnotbeenheldtobail,anddoes not intend t o put himself immediately within reach of the authorities. H o was in the city, at the Kirk- wood House, on Friday night, in company with Messrs. Miles and Keitt.line of propellers to Japan. M r . Garrison goes East in July.The Hover, from Japan, brings 2,700 tubs of rape- seed-oil, 300 bundles sea weed, 200 bundles cuttle fish, 1,300 pieces of plank, and a miscellaneous cargo of Japanese products-The steamer Golden Age leaves on the 5th of April, and will take 400 passengers.The Ovade, for Hong Kong, takes considerable flour, 200,000 feet of lumber, and $350,000 in gold and rflver. The Eagle Wing, for New-York, takes 19,000 hides, 70 bales of wool, 60 casks of California wine,'andother.dometticproducts.The Legislature wUl adjourn April 24.The Andrew Jackson arrived on the 24th ult.,98days from New-York.The news from the Washoe mines ia about as here-tofore reported. Emigration thither is increasing. The foreign summary of the news was sent by mail,via the Busterfield route, on the 30th ult.The amount of gold bullion deposited in the minteast wind.THE CASE OF McDONALD.TotheEditor ofThe2V.Y. Tribune.Sni: I n reply to the articie headed " McDonald theMurderer," in' your issue of last Wednesday, which baa just come under our observation, wo aak leave, in order to prevent misapprehension, to Bubmit the fol- lowing statement:Ion Convention, would b e expected t o indorse theMr. Potter had arranged a fortnight ago to go home this week, b u t will remain in consequence of-anlakordeofmenwhohaveheenstriviDgforyeirs to denationalize the Democratic party,. until understood by the public. They are, however, per-Governorwillsignthebillunlesstheitemshallbe stricken out."Wisconsin Election.MIL W AUKEE, Wis., Saturday, April 14, 1860.The official returns, up to the present time so change the figures that the vote for Chief-Justice is considered1. The caption'of the article is unjust. The law pre- sumeBMcDonaldtoboinnocentuntilhisguiltis andHamburg,with185passengers.fectly willing the other side should. Col. Landercalltd upon M r. Keitt on Friday night to under-stand whether his presence as the second of Mr.Potter was any longer desired in connection withproved.You do not know whether the the act for which heVESSEL ON FIRX.The British bark Jane Frances, lying in tbe North River, and bound to Kingston,.Jam., was, on Satur-thjy bave redue d it to a combination of factions,, w-juld stand with their eternal cry of " spoils," in tha way of every righteous endeavor of his admin-istration.But though General Houston would Bcorn to ac-ceptthePresidencyonsuchtermsandfromsucha source h e still stands ready to serve his country in that office, provided the people, without the inter- vention o f any Convention, should call him t o i t Jn tha$ ease, h e intimates that a protectorate over 3£eadcd and the construction of a Pacific Railroad woiM be t i e leading objects of his administration.1^By far the most important decision made by theCourt o f Appeals a t the term which has just con-<cluded, was the affirmation of the judgment of the tions arrived last night. M r. Douglas's partisans after the Legislature has finally adjourned. Supreme Court in the Lemmon case, a result indeed are moBt active and noisy here, but will be less soVrhicb. everyb*Iy expected. This Mr. Lemmon, it at Chaileston. They have not full swing, however,wul be recollected, brought a number of slaves to for Ike Cook openly offers to wager that he willis now confined was committed by him consciously orunconsciously, intentionally or unintentionally. It is day evening, discovert d tol>e on fire in tbe coal hole.this affair, and was courteously assured it was not.Manyof Mr.Pryor's personalandpolitical doubtful. ThefriendsofSloanconfidentlyclaimhisnot just, therefore, to assume that it was done with malice aforethought, and thus constituted a morder.The crew of Harbor Police boat No. 3, with the aid of tbe crew of the vessel, extinguished the flames before any serious damage w a s sustained. T b e fire is sup- posedtohavebeentheworkofanincendiary..No arrestsweremade.•GARROTED IN MKRCER STREET.-—Last night, a s Albert Sully of Brooklyn was passing through Mercer street, he was accosted by two girls named Catharine- Buckbee and Mary Ann Wilson, who aekod him to give them fifty cents, wherewith to get some supper* Mr. Sully refused the request, and was about walking on, when one of the girls seized his cap> and with her companion ran away. M r. Su-ly followed them very quietly, but had not proceeded far when,three men suddenly arrested hi« farther progress. One of tbe men seized his arms and the others wero about rifling his pockets when the approach of some, citizens frightened them, and the three escaped. Subse- quently the girls were arrested by Oflicer Crosby, and one ot the men named Thos. Flynn, all of whom, we*k positively identified b y Sully. T h e accused we**locked up in the Eighth Ward Statnn-Houae.MISSIONARY MxETiNc.—Last evening a jaiwioaarymeeting was held in Calvary Church, corner of Fourth.friends entertain the opinion that he unnecessarilyelection. Nothingbuttheociflialcanvaeacandocide.•lastweekwas2,994ounces;,andofsilverbullion, money coined was §236,000, mostly in double eagles." out in this city to criminals w h o diancc to be pos~ " sessed of money."We wLjh in this connection, to speak of the insinua- tion that by. means of money McDonald has been en- abled, thus far, to postpone his trial. We cannot un- derstand why this insinuation was made. T h e truthpressedassumedfollowedbound to accept any weapon that, was proposed.Others fustain his course throughout, but obvious- as to give an opportunity to the Democrats to attendthis a n u pquarrel attitudeon M r . in t h ePotter, House,a n d having which w a s b y a peremptory challenge, h e w a sFrom Albany.ALBANY , April 15, 1860.NEWS FROMOREGON, W ASHINGTON, AND COLUMBIA.BRITISHly against the current of opinion.the Charleston Convention, and meet and settle up the butiness before the Chicago Convention.The bark Glimpse, with a cargo valued a t $200,000, 88 wrecked near Victoria on the 15th of March. T h evessel was insured for $16,000, and the cargo for §10,000. • bgkSan Juan island was in the joint ocenpancy of the American and British troops.It was ealimated that 3,000 white men and 2,000 Chinamon were engaged in mining on the Fraser River.have purchased delay if it had been for sale. Prior to hie commitment he was in the receipt of a salary as cleik. That salary terminated in the Spring of 1859, and by July its accumulations ha all been expended. Since July he has beeu in prison, and has been sup- ported and provided with counsel entirely by the voluntary contributions o f a f e w personal friends in Mobile.3. After giving your version of the occurrence, and stating the commitment of McDonald and the placmg in the Houee of Detention of the. two girls who were witnesses of the transaction, you sav:'*After some weeks bad elaps«d, during which timo the younggirls had remained olose prisoners, McDonald was brought up fortrial. of the girls was taken; they wer» examined The testimony ~. . .,..,... ., „and (Icross-examined by counnel until everythtngthey knew or thecase had been elicited from them and been committed to pa?er. o bad been elicited from them and b*en committed toA large number of Eastern and Western delega-The dispatch in the New-York papers, dated Buffalo, communication with Mexico, and yet applauded 11th, in regaad to navigation, iB an error. Two pro- pellershavemadeanattempttoleave,bu£havenotto advocate Mr. Butterfield's project of mail steamermThe Wa&hoe-minea excitement iia still Influencing tte country ries were prepared, and that they wooIC not be pre- pretersand fifty-two subordinates-—making seventy- trade,keepingstocksdowntoalowpoint,pending thechance paredun-ilh©hadtimetopreparethem. Thiswasalltwo in all. :•>• that the large emigration to that region may work when th the promise or information that was giverr to us. ana bpiifig fairly opens. There is a more healthy demand for. goodThe Powhatan arrived at Honolulu March 5, and from regular dealers. The country trade hots run bare, and 1 we nave now no knowledge when the tr.vu will beafter Tuesday next.honor of the prompt arrival of the first pony express child, of tbe schooner Grandilla of Boston, foundered at from San Francisco. The city was iUumioated, tbe sea. Capt. Sebert reports:DEATHOFHOft.W.C.JOHNSTON.'FROMCALIFOENIA.Success of the PonyExpress* snow on the »ountains.William Costfrom Maryland, died suddenly to-day. been Hi, bat was supposed to be recovering.DOUGLAS HEADQUARTERS.The Douglas men here have their principal head- quartersattheNationalHotel under theleadof Mr.Richardson,ofIllinois.fc.WgjjMj;J%Z?tl!AERIAL OF THE JAPANESE EMBASSY. THE BJL STOR A1TO GOLD MI#E&ST. JOSEPH", ihTo., Saturday, April 14,1860. The first messenger onv^e Central Overland Pony Express arrived here at A o'd6$k ye^rd&J afternoon, with California dates to April 3, and Carson Valley'• has* got in?o the Methodist Episcopal Church ernment of the United States and that of Prussia, This messenger came through in ten days to a min- dating as far back as 1840, that while Prussia has" North," intends no sly allusion, we hope, to the evinced the most kind and conciliatory disposition in ute, he having left San Francisco at 4 p. m. on -April 3,MM tOIntonSuorfM ontho p*rt*f** ^J;**£**£££Ohio delegates,like Mr.Faran,claimthey c a ncarry Mr. Douglas unless M r . McLean b e nemi-nated.at Chicago, who, they concede, can beat him.T«theA«»ooiate*Preu. ~~~ *weeks the line will be'>£ operitioa 60 miles still B i S b m S : to «»«••*«* * e«T*«pondta* farther&c Theactsalreadypaeeedprovidefora tax of2$mills to the dollar, and unless a Toll bill shall be passed it will be necessary to meet the State liabilities to levy a farther tax of 19 mill, making the total tax four mills.crew taken oifby the John Chrystal."Capt. Baker reports:"Tbe schooner Graodilla of Boston sailed hence onthe 21st inst.. with a general cargo, bound to New-Or- leans. Onthe22d,inhit.37°,Ion.739,encountereda violent gale froaa the north-west, during which the schooner sprung a leak. On »he 22d, a t A{ o'clock p . m.,thebrigJohnChrystal,Capt.Upton,henceforIn- ~ -jp. Finding it impossible 'It has been agreed on by a number of members of the Senate and Assembly to introduce a joint resolu- tion to-morrow toadjourn over until early in May,soThe Bteamer Brother Jonathan arrived on the 3d,with Oregon dates to the 26th ult., from WashingtonTerritory to the 29th, and British Columbia to the is McDonald had, and has, no money, and could not 30tb. ^The resolution will be coupled with the provision that no new business is to be initiated, the object being the defeat of the supposed design of the Governor to kill the City Railroad bills, by leaving them unsignedW88Baltimore andOhio Railroad. COLUMBUS, Friday, April 13, I860.The mining accounts and n e w cuggingB have place*.from beenthere a r e encouraging, discovered in variousThe Buffalo Harbor.••/.., WASHINGTON, Saturday, April 14, I860.It appears by the correspondence between the Gov- dates to the 4th.Although the weather has been onprecedeniedly &>all j £ e individual cases of compulsory enlistment of naturalized American citizenB in the army of that Kingdom, abe does not manifest any desire to surrender the principle involved.It is hoped that Congress will give this* eountrya I <#&: promised to serve them just as soon as bis otherhere and St. Louis, the reports were delayed until tvtis morning.i NEWS JPROM JAPAN.By the Powhatan advices from Japan are received*7It is said the Administration adheres to the posses- suite of sixteen officers. Among them are three inter- hae been more palpable, alithnoughi the market U not yet nettled, that it would not be moved until tbe cr oss-interrogato-Grand Duchy of Luxemberg, by the Bremen mail, has beenreducedfrom^2to15cente,prepaymentoptional, so that the uniform.rate of t h e latter amount is now chargeable on all letters conveyed in the Bremen mail between the United States and the States belonging to the German and Austrian Postal Union.The Pryor a n d Potter ©iffieislty. W ASHINGTON, Saturday, April 14, I860.-Mr« Potter has been arrested and given a bond of five thousand dollars to keep the peace, and especially not to light a duel. The officers are i a search of. Mr* Pryor, who will be similarly bound.Gunny Bagi improved to 14c. Malt Liquors without improve- grand ball given by the officers of the Powhatan, ex- ment Moloshes and Sirup* are losing their late buoyancy;jL&fest d o i n g s in tUe Special DiBpatch to The N. Y. Tribune.£.egisldtfuiirc* ALBANY, April15,1860—11p.m.Eastern 22Jc Sugars dull and declining; best ChinaZ'a)^.; McDonald be now perfectly sane, and behavee Hke- aRUMORS.Eastern crushed 1 5 i c Coffee firm; R io 1 8 c , Java MtfWtlc Fordgn Brcndiea doing better, with considerable sales Do- mestic Spirits drooping; New-York brands 45-2)460. Whisky 40®42ic Alcohol 75c. french Wines lower. Flour declined 25c ^bbl. All kinds of Domestic Produce dull. Money for thequiet, intelligent gentleman; that does not necessarily snow in what condition hi3 miud was wtienthe un- fortunate Virginia Stewart waa shot; nor s»n yoKior the public possibly form a correct fndgmenV as to tiie> nature OT degree of responsibility devolving one McDonald, because of the poor girl's melancholy fate_ until the evidence, which we have in good faith • and dilgently undertaken to obtain, shall have bc«n pro- cured. McDonald and his counsel are and long have- been anxious that he should bo tried, and we are no* fearful of the consequences to result when I»« case- comes to be considered by an impartial jury. Tint, w ecounts are that he has not, and will not veto any of these bills, but keep them to die natural deaths, in the event that the Legislature should adjourn to-morrow or nextday.participatedis to the effect that the Legislature will take a recer-sfrom Monday to Thursday, so that members can attendthe Syracuse Convention, and the Governor have timeto consider the bills now before him. T h e farmers inthe Legislature are very anxious to be at. their plows, they express their wish to have her detained at |Pana- and I think it doabtful if they can be kept togetherremained there till the 18th. T h e Embassadors werecalling for supplies to meet tbe consumption. Heavy rains hove fallen within the week, which must again obstruct trams for a few days., Boots and Shoes are much depressed Adamantine Candlesarequotableat19c. Anthracite Coalis^lS®*1450$>> tun.Coffeeunsettled. Rice,n^lSJc DryGoodsstillvery heavy; Drills firm at 9}c.; Sheetings 9 c , with but few selling. Fith quiet; old Cod i» a drug. Fruit, in tin and glass, declining:brought on.In view of the foregoing facts, your "g'aring in-pressinggreatdelightatthegayandnovelscene.FastBo*tonsellsat20c.;largerpackagesaremuchlower. KaUsTheybring$100,000t odefraytheirpersonale x -quiet; 1,800 bbls have come in, which need transhipment for a market. A large lot of Bape Seed Oil from Japan will need a similar disposition. Cinaeed, Lard, and China Oils are dull andwho, we are informed, " have had conUanfr emptoy- " ment furrished them, during a long Whrtwr, by a'• sewing-rxa^bine."Their detention was not osked for b^ McDonald, an<3isamatteroverwhichhehad no contrdl. If ithad, been in our power to f ccure tbe liberation o f tbe girls, by admitting their testimony to be correct, o e in a n y other maimer consistently wit* a due regaro? fo* the rights of our client, we would" have been very happy to assist in setting them at liberty. W e regret, in every view of the case, that they have b*en sW long incarcerated. But this is in no degree our faultsYou say that McDonald "never betrays any of those" evidences of insanity set forth by his ooanseL"' -IfThey are so well pleased with the Powhatan thatPrivate hospi-2.Youobserve,hiscase"atlordsamostglaringin- theamountwas7,000ounces;andtheamountof "stanceofthetardirj&eswithwhichjusticeismetednowsellteirat^Oper 160pounds. lumber Isworth I £ ^ " J ^ ^ ^ & t S ! ^ thintjsaretellinginproportion. topovr.^nVth^WcU^ly,andthatr, dedroa oner.Theweatherisstormyio-day,withaheavyf*Hof toravj, w.i.t.bhintto«n*9WW*W"*«tjfSVLuTI? conn»©I oopf«« of the er9t^ntanagUonfm^aion.. .,„maybemade to tteftnrtff *;•tponement of the trial of tW*indictment' •.postponement of the trial of tW* indictment.In compliance with this order, the counsel for theprisoner served tbeir direct interrogtitericB on the 24thday of October, 1859, on the Diotriet-AttOTney. To- vere during the past Winter, the road over the SierrV this day tho District-Attorney ha» not served the crow Nevada Mountains has been open for travel the entire J .'utenogstorie*. H e h a s been repeatedly »Liated>season. | itfb. verbally and by letter, to serve tbenv, and has a sfurther east, when the time ?yill be reduced to eight days from St, Joseph to San FraniCsco, by telograpnic dispatches.to the 15th of February. The Government of JapanFrom San Francisco w e have the following intel- bad icommenced stamping Mexican dollars, making that the crow b^rrogatories ^oxAi be*wv«dw£hiatrialthem i\egal currency in that country, thus obviating' one the next 10 * £ ^of the principal difficulties in prosecuting trade with , at the preflent April Term.The market for tbe past week has been devoid of w y of the tbefljetfortnightInMarch,hencetherealdub&eaaoftradesinceare nobles of nearly equal rank. These four are of <peculative operations which have characterized busixiKM aince April {era did. We attended it, and asked the Distnfcjthere received with all formal honors.talitieswereextendedoneveryhand,andtheKingand Queen held court at the palace for the reception ofthedistinguishedforeigners,andwelcomedthemin alargedomesticcropwillsooncomeonthemarket. Dried cannotpossiblyfindtimetodtuchalgewiifrpromptnesspenses,although the embassy is invited at the soleexpense of the United States. They were given the unchanged. Olive Oil still rules higher. Provisions are gainingaens generally have paid their respects in person, and steamer of tbe 5th easier: quotations at 2 W cent on good nameHauthorities,The Japanese carry an immense amount of baggage,i nhis conetantly-^ccumulating official duties.4. The remainder of your article is calculated toexcite public sympathy forthetwogirfawhoarede- are heavy at 33c. Naval Stores inactive and nominal. Oils tained as wftnef ses in the House ot Detention, andare apprehensive of editerial articles in journals oC includingmanyboxesOfpresentstothe United States shipJeanBart,fromBordeaux;30th,steamer Champion, from influence,tendingtothepre-judgmentofhis-case,andGREA TREJOICINGS A T T H E SUCCESS THE PONY EXPRESS.O PThe schooner Kensington of Charleston, Citpt. S&bert,,from Nuevitas, arrived at this port yesterday witk-ST. JOSEPH, April 14, 1860. • Capt. Baker, the mate, the steward and his wife and' A spirited demonstration waa mad© here laat night inma to convey them back to Japan on their returnfrom the United States. They purpose spending aboutamonthontheAtlanticaule>althoughtheirtimeisnot citizensparadedthestreetswithbandsofmusic,fire- April5,lat.25°,long.77bW,spokebrigJohnChrys--VINCENNES, Ind.. April 15, 1860.A fire last night destroyed Eastham's Block, with dianola, came up. Finding it impossible to keep thoWind N. E , light and oloudy all the morning, withsnow from 12 to 3 o'clock. Thermometer 42° a t 4 p . tons from the foot of Rutgers street, East River, thiaINTERESTINGappointed." H. C. Lay, Missionary Bishop of the South Wwt, pre- ore where they anticipated to find it. Tne mineral This statement is entirely incorrect. McDonald hasregion extends for one nundred miles in every direc- never been pnt upon his trial. He has never yet pre- siding. After the usual evening services, addresseeN E W SCARSONCITY,April4,1860. Tbedefenseraisedthepleaofinsanity,aodMcDonald'scounselBUFFALO, Saturday, April 14, 1860. pany who are prospecting have failed in striking rich innoenUalfrienrJs. the request was granted twd the commission Avenue and Twenty-first street, the Right Revevendtion,andrichdiscoverieshavebeenmadeoverone sentedbisdefence. Hiecounselneverrequestedthe weredeliveredbyBishopLay,theR«v.Mr.Vaa BattheStateofVirginiatookupthecaseand thespeechofJohnCochraneonthesamesubject. yetbeenoutofeight.ThevcanneithergofurthernorhundredmileBuptheHumboldt.TheSpanishClaims,privilegeofsendingaCommissiontoCalifornia,He KleekandtbeRevMr.Chauncey,andstrongappeals^causedthepresentsuittobeinstituted,inhopes,by' Thisisitscharacteristicfairness. getback. Theiceisfirmlyanchored,andthepros- t»i*uatedwherethemines were first opened,were waBnotpossessedofconsiderablemeans. Hewasnotpectofnavigationopeningisbutlittlebetterthanin yielding$20,000perday. Groundiachanginghands fnrrourdedbyinfluentialfriends.Thefactsarethese: madeforaidfortheChurchintbeSouthWest.Tbea decision i a Lemmon's favor t o establish the prin- TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH CHARLES- midwinter.at from $100 to $200 per foot. ttThe Meno Lake and Walker River oountry is rich inThe usualpreliminaryinvestigationofthecasewasBishop spoke a t some length in regard to the field of labor in tho grwi't South West; and showed tbe dif-TON. .ciple that a Southern slaveholder has the right to hold slaves in this State if brought here not for theotherSlaveState. TheSupremeCourtfirst,andnowtheCourtefAppealshasdeniedanysuel.right.The ease, bowever, is yet to go up to the Supreme ment, there will be difficulty in getting full proceed- bridges, Dythe recent freshet. Freight and passage tearing quartz are being made every day. Machinery not guilty. His indictment was-^uen remitted to the STAiiBKD.—Last night Don Stoninj, an It&r\au, w aTelegraphic facilities between Charleston and purpose of remaining here, but of pas«ing on to an- here are only about one-eighth of those betweenLarge Rise on theOhio River. PKTSRSBUKG, Va., Saturday, April 14,1860.ficultiesbored. At the close of the services a large oaUectioav inaidofthecausewastakenup.< f every description is on its way here for the purpose Oyer and .Terminer, and the trifji set down for the 1st stabbed over the right eye by a knife in the 'janda of a <icrushing,smelting,&c. TownpropertyindifferentMondayinOctober,1859. Onthatday,hiscounsel ruffianinCenterstreet. Thewounxl,whi'jhisavery ocalitiesrangeBhigh. Manyfire-proofbuildingsare appliedforcommissionstoe/xamiuecertainwitnesses uglyone,wasdressedbyadoctor,attlu>.SixthWardWashingtonandNew-York, so thatunlesstheprincipalPresseH unite insomecommon arrangetrains are running regularly both ways. .Fire in West Troy. •trader construction. The population is increasing very On Saturday night a large lire occurred in west fast, and it is thought that in two months the popula-Troy, destroying N. L . Dann's cooper shop, a wagon tion will be 50,000. Society ia very b a d . There are from thai court Should the approaching Presiden- expresses the belief generally entertained here that factory, a grocery, eleven dwelling houses, and tour no laws for the collection of debts or the punishmentCourt a t Washington, and there are great grounds ings of the ^Convention, there being only two wires tfapfffetamemrastowhatthedecisiontheremay tosupplythewholebubiness.THE NOMINATION.tialelectionJesuitinthechoiceoftheSham-Demo- the contest will bebetweenMessrs.Hunterand cratiePto-gdverycandidate,weshallexpecttosee DouglasatCharleston.z*in Mobile, New-Orleans, xtud several oities in theMiddle States. No previous opportunity had been Station-House. No arrest.afforded for making such Application. T h e order w a smade on the 17th of October. 1859, crauting such com- John Edwards was caught last night in the act of missions Themostm^xterialpartofthatorderwasInthese words: j picking the pocket of Michael -^aiith, ia oae of th*"Auditl»fartherorderedthatwithinnixdaysaft©rthoentryISixth-avenuecais. Hewanlookedup.l>e. Smeelhe Dred Scott case taere is hardly any extravagsjooe in favor of Slavery not to be expectedTnov, April IS, I860.Mr. Toombs returned to-night from Georgia. H ebad before the Coioner in August last, and the tw o minerals. Hundreds are prospecting in that region, «irls were then examined by him, but were not croas,- nd generally with good succesB. Ore is now being esamiwed. Then McDonald was committed to await The Ohio River at this point, 200 miles below Pitts- hippedlo San Francisco for smsiting. Five difterent the action of a Giand Jury, and the two'girls were burgh,istwentyfeetdfcep,andatastandi<Boatsare ompaniesaremakingarrangementstoshiptheirore committedtotheHoueeofDetenjion. TheGrand pleutyforalllandings below. Nodamage has.re- ssoonasconveyancecanbehad. Theoresentyields JnryindictedhimattbeAugustTerr*oftheSessions, eultsut«SheBaltimoreandOhioRoad,ontrackor jrom§2,000to$2,500pertun.Discoveriesofgold I85y,,andhewa*immediatelyarraigned,audpleadedbarns. Lossabout$30,000;partiallyinsured. The Axba Read, steam-fire engine of this city,; prevented evenamoreidestructivegonflagration.ofcriminals,andmurdersandfightsareofdailyoccur- rence.FreightsfromCaliforniaareveryhigh, FlouriaUntitled DocumentOn k*» 28th of February last we were informed• «*fc New-York, April 10, I860.E.H.GSANT1IN, C. A. SEWARD.underwhicht h e ministers there engaged la-' « ^ 2 ^ / » 2 l ^atorlM ^rrogatorioa,3aji I ..]AL.in..>j.r^«M.Miiu*»•roBOTrtasatiaVLft sssyfitandthatthetrlalofthi»can** day of D#o*nJb<w next. A ndb«po»tpoM«wi until tooflratM oo- h* tx>»toowea until tnoin^I •••?-] fIThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069< ,. ***ww**) W<M«urf^.- » * 1 W J g ; ...^,:..,!-»vy,.>.T>..T^!g^-rr-^f%^rv/??y??r)*w**»»«s«as*»;www.fultonhistory.com 