 II•to work along until relief be obtained from Con- TheLiberalscertainly.seemtohavenowa gress.Thepressureforredeeming Treasury There is only one ground upon which the ad- much better prospect of success than ever before. notes is somewhat diminished, which affords a That strenuous efforts will be made to signalize ity of blind and doubtful practice upward to an vocates of the perpetuity of Negro Slavery in our But the fate of war is doubtful, and in Mexico comparative relief, and will enable the Secretary<«.•WsiauL ABOTUXX.Messrs. Book, Skinner &Co. •»!*> had sne of our Safes, which faith that one triumph for Human Liberty has a t greater or less degree. If we regard science as look out for themselves, not only succeed in pay-'.I.Th^•d. :fl8' owallcitiesandtowns.East,West,South,andSouth-west.WHEELER & WILSON'SSXWIBO-MACHIBXS, W1TBIMPORTANTIBBXOVBXXNTS,ATRBBCCXBPRICBB.Notes. Thesedemandsshouldhavebeenrejected, butwerenot.Mr.SecretaryCobbinsisted,in the face of all reason, that his deficiency was buttemporary,andthatmeasures of temporarypredictinganeclipsetheastronomeronlyrisesto a larger perception of the same immutable order.ofevents..Scienceandcommonknowledge,then,port the superiority of the white man by legal lessee of wharves and piers, and that he voted props. This state of things, he observes, should for the Yonkers Eailroad bill. Of the latter weFbre> •**>•YOBB TBIBDBB. .We cannot undertake to return rejected Communications.;r*IbmCTOXLremoving Hoarseness and Irrita-*JfsV,by heat, theamount ofthe ascensional forceand//</«/.»!,/•//.thechimney retards by friction,arepreciselydetenuiuea,una.u.v<>«.».«*,t\t& nf v 9nleadtoawarofextermination,theWh.ie.h IlA Tf»fjnT/\i> ni» 'JluuLiAri. ' -• .whichami/edone,inmyop«A«n;is.to.wfd'inincroas-»•?From Wawhington.(Special Dispatch to The N . Y . Tribune.vRstaiL—K. ANTMONT, HO. 501 Broadway.Catalogues sent on receipt o f stamp. Photographic materials•^prsmateorsandthetrade. . 'Imports, previously framed and submitted atmosphere and thus causes the smoke to rise; ment. It is difficult to perceive^ln what respect percentage, for loading and unloading their ships, a long private interview with Mr. Lincoln.i-'.:-/.-m>• •AT E*AHS\\ROBIW HooDTRirWasorNortiWOKAKYtbeDuxoomewoostlo» raiment) hasjust been completed and is on exhibition at our ^tabHshnwnt, for a nhort time previous to being seat to En- *TMTMrrTM ^ . BAIX. BLACK fc Co.....The Homestead bill ought also to pass at thisinvention of ,ib% thennonieter, .by wfiiohf for theby th«> notorious^Henry the Commonr Council 'has managed to accumu-An| met.-impot; 11*'idav.j$OTW<JtnW n«6lon ~2fteCtin?In*aftdbooi)KsVklTh« woo<i (oebx d asbor*TlwtXHJton' thecTdemurof tL-The Inst, aSutra. rnntExcb Xcirnn,premitt! Th*-tm**ul•The ithrewn day. intoa fc' The«: S«T<cent gen a*Tlirf-terday.TV theArklivett K. ,Xe*e CWedproc*-*-teni«>f.' Ann . 1855; Sfnarand onpret-erentatXbBtx» Ftoey and Black AHIfcenewirtyleaofVelrot CtofeandCaahaier© •*•••••••••»•»*•We trust there will be no further resistance to where; it is the proper product of time and 200 to 8 00 Her right arm was frightfully eaten by a mass of Scrofulous the utter Abolition of the. Franking Privilege. effort, the signal of our advancement, the verythat t h e besiegers, in attempting t o force their way into the city, had,by the explosion of a mine, been repulsed with heavy loss.last*year.•ai7suming that a cause for separation exists.Mrs. CobbandfamilywillleaveforGeorgiaon!Tkoowu. from Covx>." Bsown'splastic to their will and an. anti-Republican majority in either House,, to favor the passage of an actdeclaring *£&rjfche Federal Terri- tories open to slaveholding".appropriation and settlement, is morally certain. Still, we lack evidence that they generally desiredependent upon the existing circumstances of theiralmost inapplicable and worthless in the walks of mutual position, but a natural superiority,, wliich property, and, its transfer into the hands of indi- The South Carolina delegation in. the HouseeincethBxoinafasuccessfully carried out,willbelikely to beat- a final flourish on the national stage beforere- tended, if w e m a y judge b y t h e example o f tirement into local obsjeurity.THE TREASURY.The following is the'weekly statement:'i'mi.X'v^i-ji***^atit<•?•H -: '•'--•- a i.. .jTHE LATEST NEWS,gixoiuegg yotktg>"*-1- •frrTHE SILVER%£&&&SSwK Hanufactored for t h eMXTKR FLCII>.—Coiwumers of gas having wetmeters will have veto it. The Western pioneers, still suffering ured. The laws of, chemical combination, fol- &c. AA to the relative fitness of the two candi- tbem filled with the Patent Non-freezing Fluid by sending theirorderstoNo.592Broadway. Itcostslessthanalooohol,andwill from the effects:of successive bad harvests, lowed theintroduction of the balance, and al- dates there canbebutoneopinion.No*. 68 Axt> 68 FtrtTOK-w-.......«..**<»*©$" »B i ^ n a Ftacy Bwm M*e*»*Fw<>yKk>t......-.—....«....«.«• • • » t» -18 00 <feMtt** P*eoh»m, F«K, Sola**, *«., *«.... 3 2$ tonot evaporate or freeze. .,Sudden changes of weather are very trying to therirgently need it to save their quarter sections chemy passed into chemistry.. T h efrom therapacious clutches of Usury andMono- of atmospheric phenomena followed the ad-W»Ck«odFancyClothTheCabinetheldasessionoftwo-and-a-half' for t h e inarch upon Guadalaxara, w e have been hours to-day' o n ' t h e Message. T h e President Promise. True, M r. Buchanan vetoed the half- precision and assumed the scientific form by the without any clear or satisfactory accounts of has modified some of its features in rogard to theprogressofaffairsinourdistracted sister therightofsecessioninordertoavoidadirect Eepublic. T h e information received.of the prog- rupturo with a portibri of the Cabinet,', but pre-QOMBlackClothFrock* FinoBUei. ClothFrocU gaper Btack Cloth Frock*.•••••'.. BKABACHXS and all pains vanish when they are used/because theypurifytheblood. v'SoldatNo.4Unionsquare,andNo.294Canal-st,N.Y. Prioewaymeasureoflastsession;butletushavethe whole-souled Republican bill now passed, and see0—ttoooco.Pilot,BodBovrvr Bwiwx* Cost*. PAHTS.Bl«kDot-kia,Clotku4<Waw ^K^'Cutisxirp, Hlot,andBcanrer »•••»• «•3 S0t* 15 00ALEXANDER'S SILAMEAU—For. restoring the nat- what he will say to that. W e trust no Carolin-Science, then,-is nota foreign body lately intro- duced among the knowledges—a huge bowlderress and results of the Guadalaxara expedition, serving the main position. It will n o w , ^was vague and contradictory. Now it was ru printed immediately, and distributed to the pru> 4...«..-U.->.««£*• *> £>Vam.THE RESIGNATION OF MR. COBB.1PAIX AH»WINTER.For tb» b « « eat, beat made, boataVaaaorticoent of FAXX and W u m u t CLOTHIKQ, FUK-Gives a beautiful finish to the Linen.CAUTION.—Use less than usual, as it is very strong. they persist in having some men's letters and is first dubious, labored, empirical practice, with go. I t would appear that the forces under the 16th of January, which is to shape her fu-HECKERS'FARINAJELLY,adeliciousdessertand printedmatter transported bymail at other its{blindrules,wasteofpower,andnorational Marquez,whichMiramondispatchedfromMex- turerelationstotheFederal Government. H«fittWQoooa,&ad CHIU>RXK'I CXOTHUTO, and at prices le«a ajtttny other eatahttihmwt, go t oB .afeorointheolty.CSBO-DREN'S F U R S retailod a t Wholesale price*,GmnK's, N o . 513 Brondiray. j:F^OTtSiFURS, F U R S , Fmt8, a t Wholesale Prices,Totalled by Gawiw. No. 513 Broadway.'MINK, MINK, MINK, MINKFURS, retailedat • W a p l e a a l a p r t c e a , b y G r a n a , NO. 513 B r o a d w a y .TO CORRESPONDENTS.So notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications.inthewholecircleofhumanactivities,thereis• • • • • • • •A Marvelous Cure of Donna Inez' Goinarez, aRer. 3.J.P.AAtfiutaov,St. JAmis.44 tionoftheThroat,socommonwithSrnxXMktBanddoubtless be the confiscation of the Church mond has sent here for his accumulated pay.l commonlife.vrhisisaverygraveerror. Science existsandever mustexist, andwhichatonce viduals. This measure, shoulditbeatlength willprobablyattend,astheymaydesiretomakeStuart illne»* friendly H berFani JBiirchw;.'! "whoputiMr. Staa with .fo way; nhim >t jauiou vte intli*-li Stoartof akoaftvi ofMi>.I houseon society a whole totenmi witli liladayeves portio'.:The-li* •plvinorcrimiti.di waivedC:il -dl Hallovtwith wentin for hiri| 5ngme I the dc*-*-j•m y riii.icwere irst brOutrJ'tGroee- Jinjt i'.t] «oocbi'i«eoinetn own; thine inthelit went to thinkt wetBui aboutSt forhimi met hiiu neverr&havetarthe ha butqui! mesf«t:s* s u c h <* c t*>vvft-e when M; mention* have rt«t fre<itWn'l hoiis*-; ;t: ting«>iiw ab<-attbia» UM-J^Sabbat:» while ni nProfessor M. STACTJOHSHOX,La Grangs, Go.,Teacher of Music, Southern . JKemale College.BwrwmftTUOCMMM. efieet 1 think they will be o( permanent advantage t oB»owx's Rer.E.RowutT.A.M., President of Athen'• College, Tenn., Tsoonxs. SoldbyallDruggistsatTwxxrx-nvx CX»TSABox.WATCHESANDJEWELRYVX»TLow.•Also, Sxrrxxs and FIATXX> WARS, FAXB, tee.,At less than usual prices.G. C. AxjdtK. No.il5 Broadway,One door below Canal st.SlXOUa."and thepositive knowledge oftheunculturedare justifies andmakes necessary therelation ofmas-not radically and essentially different; they can- tership on*the oneside andof servitude on the not be separated in nature; one is but the ex- other. Thenegroes, we are told, are capable of500to 800W°°to 14 0015 00 to 20 00 25 cents per box.assistancevances. //'.-'.'variousmeasuring'contri-1 00 to 300healedit.KINGSFORD'SOSWEGOSILVER-GLOSSSTARCHflowering and fruiting of thetree ofknowledge. In the order of nature and time, the-sciences are-efhabioaable, tarty, andthe best substitute for animal food, enriches the tables of the Astor House, and all the principal Saloons. Heckers'Farina Boilers to prevent burning or scorching; sJelly Molds, of vari- ous sizes, forms and patterns; for sale at the establishment. No. 5 New-Canal-Ht., near East Broadway.ico to the relief of Guadalaxara, had succeeded is urged to this course by friends, who contendfected at this Session, we cannot decide; but an siilts. Locomotion has escaped from the bondageeffortshouldbemadetoreduceourAnnualEx- ofalowart,andtherevelation,ofitsscientific consequenceoftheirsuccess,thecitysurrendered. positionascontrastedwiththatof1853,byas-BAUVWUT'S, .'No*. 70and72Bowery.600RUSSIANandHUDSONBAYSABLEFURS,at BusinesslettersshouldinallcasesbeaddressedtoTHBNBW-. /SATISDKUUXJM ' DjutASX*OUT Cowncas. VwriBwut LACK.B e s t FSJKXCH BKOCATKX.UC.351'-Itxcm OoKTAjsa! NornXOKAX LACK OV&TAIXS1351351i No. 351 Broadway.351Rnps...$150,usuallytoldat$200 "75,usuallysoldat 100 •• 1 25, usually sold at 1 5 0samemanner. TheywillconferwiththeirCoo! grcssional delegations before finally deciding.THE TREASURER'S REPORT.7Service should be put on a less expensive and blanks where law is intermitted. Whatever w e the recent departure of the Embassy from that The Message will not be delivered to Congress"WUTDOW SKADK*—buff, White, and Gold Border, made and pot up.o'clock. The mails close at 10 o'clock, a. m. Single copies, in wrappers, ready for mailing, for sale at the counter. 'city. This step indicates the recklessness of dis- much to be.done;. but that half of it will be ac- nances . of nature are either to be obeyed or vio- position on the part of Miramon. However, heuntil Tuesday.Mr. Cobb's report is nearly ready. H is greatAll reduced 20 per cent, Fuocsox BxoTHXxs, *more efficient footing. In short, there is very do and wherever wework, theinexorable ordi-BROWN'S BRONCHIAL TROCHESThe mails for Europe, by the steamship Citytually accomplished atthis Session, we can hardlyarelikelytobetheorderoftheday. Soletus ences,butitisoffarwiderapplication. Edu- robbed a Conducta belongingtoforeignersto ceiptsofthenextsixmonths. TheintelligenceCough, CoW, Botmrsmtusm, lnfi**n%*, OMy Irriia- ' ing CovgJt T» Contwmption, Bronchitis, AtlA-Cwtitmor SorcatwM of Iht Thrvai, iUlinc the Hack-ma, and Catarrh, (JUmrmnd give strength, to (he voice ofTTTBT-IC SPXAJCJBUa A.VD SXMOBHS.be thankful, on the whole, that the Session can- not be other than a shortone.... A R T . . A ^ D S C I E N C E .cation presents itself in the same relations, as anenable them t omarch uponGuadalaxara,a n dfrom commercial circles, in New-York is extreme-- 'Few ore Sfware of the importance *€ chocking a Cough or •*Common Cold" in Its first stage; that which in the beginning would yield toA mild remedy, if neglected, soon attacksthe Lena*. " Brow*** Bronchial Troth**'* containingdemulcent in- jgeSBMits, allay Fnhaaonary and Bronohial Irritation.art and a science. At first an affair of blind now ^Miramon' robs .the British bondholders to ly discouraging as to Spring imports, and theprecepts, arbitrary rules and groping practice, it enable him to defend Mexico. H e has also present political monetary and business derange-is beginning to be found that law reigns here imposed a new forced loan, and has issued a ments render all speculations for the future un-T&OCHSS.BKOWR'Sthere,is no doubt that it will prove alike stormy of scientific inquiry. As we get control of agen- tail hereafter. and eventful. That it will be more crowded cies by a knowledge of their laws, and as it isis likely to be decisive of the fate of the Church paid in when due, the Department can contriveand the army.more so than- anywhere else. W e wish it were to meet accruing obligations for several weeks...booms.«»•'"with'excitementandpassionthanfruitfulingood theofficeofsciencetodeterminewhatthose Works, it requires no prophetic- vision to foretell. laws are, it becomes our guide from the obscur-';'.''..THJEBASISOFSliAVKBY."ThattroubleinmyThroat (forwhich the" Tro- whisperer."N. P . Wix.ua. " I recommend their use to PUBLIC SJ-RAKXKS." Rev. E- H. CHAPIW." Have prored extremely serriceahle for HOAXSX-There seems hardly a branch of human thought also, and science has commenced its elucidation. proclamation in which he frankly avows that the certain. If the remaining portion of the loan," Great benefit when taken before and after preach-tog, as they prerent Hoarseness. Krom their past any such triumph. South Carolina is determinedSpain, with very beneficial results. The remark- able impulse which the industrial prosperity ofMURRAY-STREET FIRE.NXW-YOWC, N^ov. 26, I860. on the 18th inst., and henceforth the places that,A. S. MARTIN k. Co., knew them (as legislators) will know them no (Successors to Stearns & Marvin).Wo obeerfuUyaddoartestimony tothe value of your Frax- more forever—;as they now think. Others will Twx>r SAZ~ILXA*0XKSA/M,asourbooksandpapersofeveryand the general success which follows shows cent message to the Legislature •of South Caro-that the operations have been properly lina, does not seem to have any very implicit would not be without indemnification for the Members are beginning to drop in. Mr:!.Doug-reserved allits contents perfectly, ..«*rtinoate from whom will oe pwhiiahed-length been achieved in our Confederacy that the such an acquaintance with the order of nature ing to their masters a larger rate of hire.thanTOWER CLOCKS, EEGULATORS, AND OFPICEP»d W airtsnoons; Black or Brown. Factory, N o . 81 Barclay.X. SoJa^ad applied at BATCHBIOX'S Wig Factory, 16 Bopd-st. Means, passed the House triumphantly, but'wasnobility rested for their basis.. In like manner Mr.Meminger of Charleston, that ofthe only twocharges that canbe brought lyreceivedasanoldacquaintance.WILLIAM TAYLOR'S SEW SALOON,^ ^ , No.555BXOADWAT. Roiresnaaevcofallkindscanbehereobtainedbyladiesandjaanttomen, a t a* hoars o f the day and evening.beaten in the Senate, though every Republicanm 'spa»siiii* Ms4*V ", n**^rr<i r>±-»&*£&!$£ $«&£&ent temporary embarrassment will work a signal and permanent National good.RECEIVE!* BY GBNCEMBRE'SPATENTNON-^FREEZINGGAS- session,eventhoiigh;thePresidentiscertain•"tofirsttime,thermalforcecouldbeexactly-meas-late-enough^tojceepafasthorse,afastyacht,,MAGNETICTELEGRAPH^uralcolor ofthoHair,withoutstainingthe Skinandwithoutapreparation, just received and for sale by HKOKMAN,.CLARK k Co.,Nos.lbl,399,511,and7C6Broadway.ian antics will be suffered to prevent the passage ofaperfectHomesteadbillatthissession.driftedanddroppedamonglisfrom,,nobodyknows moredthatthecityhadbeentaken,andagain,cipalcities,withthedepartmentalreportsas250to 200to 600 7 00 to.Cuban lady, residing in New-York, by HoLLOWAT/a OINTMBNT.» • • • • • * • 150 to 500 Sores; yet, within three weeks, the OINTXBNT . completely The Republicans might have done this at the lastname and address o f t h e writer—not necessarily for publica- t i o n , b u t a s a g u a r a n t y f o r h i s g o o d f a i t h .o'clock.TVOR M E E T I N G O F CONGKE8M.The XXXVIth Congress re-assembles for itssecond and closing session at Washington on Monday next, and, though that session is limited'i.tobreakuptheUnionanyhow,andwouldevi- dentlyregrettohaveherexcusesforsuchaction diminished. HerRepresentatives(notherSena- tors)arecomingontoWashingtontopockettheiberalpayallowedthemfordoingnothingsince the last adjournment; buthaving securedthisand the generous Mileage allowed to members, they will be seen marching grandly out of the Hallpanded andperfected form of the other. The nothing but,of mere rude labor. Thesagacitytosamefacultiesthatareinvolvedinthesimplest putthatlabortoaproductiveuse,thestimulusto Spainhaslatelyreceived,andbymeansofwhich Receipt*.,...$2,517,-<2191!l>TaftijiiMiu«ML .3,ti7&,87913!Netbalance.2,236,571Hh 1,709,143.5Sy W n i i i tfifWfo**il)*ff;mmm warmed^ a r e inanity ^o^pW^^^^j^^^^or the science of heat, only appeared with theWY- K & .*:health,, and especially to the delicute. But in B KANDUKTH'H FILLSistheremedyforthem,uswellasfortheUlcerated,theBilious,and the Rheumatic Remember, they take out from the bloodtheblackandvitiatedbileoutofwhichcancerousandothertu-mors are made. Their energetic use cures inflammations andfevers. They,infact,enforcesafely,butenergetically,thegreat of work, may well regard it astheir Bowof of all these subjects before; but itgrew into curative principle of purgation.MEXICO. •What-Monday evening, b u t only' in accordance with The hews of this defeat occasioned very great previous arrangements, and for domestic reasons.' description were ALLnuMXKVxn in oneef them during the in- doubtless follow in their footsteps, so that we of common knowledge. If we say with Herscheli tice prevails, it seoms, in South Carolina on the :*eo*e are of last night. Indeed, the contents of th e Safe are allIn another column w e publish a card signed by several well-known citizens, who have, at dif-W ASHINGTON, Friday, Nov. 30,.I860. TheStateDepartmenthasreceivedadispatch,fromf^*atwehareleftofourformerbusiness,andofcoursewecan Mn% mflmsle atpresent thevalueithasbeentous.Our&»!»stood in the hottest place in the building, and fell through to»ka first floor, where we recoveredit.E. STONB & Co., No.29Murray-st.,New-York.partof,8lave-owriersofallowingcertainingeni- compromise is ready for passage, there will be ically arranged and digested so as to be ob- ous and capable slaves to hire out their ownpropriety of raising the Tariff* M r. Cobb said thatthePresident was^posing theAdmistra- tion. Last Winter, to^~tbe Republicans beingFurther and closer attention, taking the furnish,inproportiontotheirnumbers,quiteas apersonwhoseclerkheoncewas,andabusinesspoly;, thetensof thousandsattheEast,whom vent of thermometers, ourpoliticalpanichasthrown,orwillthrowout ters, andelectroscopes.barometers, hygrome-Much wasknown eversincetheconcentrationoftheLiberalforceseverisintendedforinsertionmustbeauthenticatedbythe cificRailroadtobuild,andoughttocommenceit hardlyanartorpursuitthathasnotbeenmoreOKMW**, NO. 513 Broadway.OVERCOATS! OVERCOATS!! ..Superiormake,.*5to**>• ''? AtQxo.A.HrMTBXkCo.'av Mammoth Clothing; Warehouse, Nee. 290and292 Bowery.351CURTAINMATERIALSATPANICPRICES!351containtheMoneyandMarketBeporte,Marriagesmencanbefoundtofilltheplaces. Scoresoforderlyadministrationoftheuniverseontheoneupon-$900,000inspeciebelongingtoEnglishassigned,unlesscalledbytheirStatesinthecollected at least Half a Million cheaper than^it here indicated, and which has been verybondholders, and/ deposited for their.benefit with Domestic News since the sailing of the last steamer. up. The Army and Navy onght each to be sub- other. W e live in the midst of an organized and the English Embassy, but on account of theandDeaths,andallthelatestimportantForeignandThe steamship Ariel will leave to-day at 12 jected to a thorough overhauling. The Mail orderly scheme of being; there are no breaks nor risks of transportation left behind at Mexico onLand Offices, nolonger needed, ought-tobe closed hand, andtheprogressive nature of manon theBstowir's <Ke»"are a speeilio), haviug made me often a mere by the Constitution to some ninety days in all, or activity that is not affected by the progress This thought we propose to develop more in de- approaching, struggle in the Valley of Mexico which-was extended to the 22d of December, beBnowa'sTSOCKBS.MR«T. HxmtT WAKD BOXCRKR. Almost instant relief i n t h e distressing labor o fBmowWsTXOCHXS.Bmowafsof South Carolina from the Union, with the threatened and not improbable secession of several otherSlaveStates,willbesubjectsOfmostgen-stitutes a body of knowledge by itself—peculiar, being negroes, were white men, however igno- try. Butit remains to be seen howthe various' rant or degraded, the institution would continuetoexist.breathing peculiar to ASTHXA."ROT. A . C. BOOLJWTOXit by a new compromise, a peace-offering ofexact knowledge of principles and a correspond- Southern States do or can base the maintenance" Contain n o Opium or anything injurious." Dr.A.A.HATU,Bnowv'sXsoosna. " A simple and pleesanl combination for COUQHS, already well known. That the certain secessionofthatproposition. ThemostultraamongthemThere is a.prevailing notion, that science con- do not pretend that, if the slaves, instead of restore peace and quiet to their distracted coun- mands that can be postponed at discretion.. . CKsmUt, Boston. Jte. .*Dr. G.F. Bioxtow,Boston." Beneficial in BRONCHITIS." Dr.J.F.W,LAXX,Boston.Northernconvictions toSouthernmenaces,isingincreaseofpower.certain that the triumph of the Liberals would Meantime, the gates are shut down on all de-"I b y » proved them excellent for Wiioorure eral concern and attention,, all know and feel. Rer.H.Wr.WAKRBJT, - ThatitisinthepoweroftheFire-Eaters,jwithBnowVs • Boston.TXOOHXS. COCOH."" Beneficial when compelled to speak, suffering the outgoing Federal Administration entirely. Lah<eign province of newandrigid methods, which arecallitforth,must comefromthewhiteman. sivelyhigherandmoresystematicexerciseinthe Thenegroesmakeexcellentslaves;buttheyareDraft*paid..concerns of common life are called into progres-she is 'gradually recovering .her position as a greato fthesescience,••-•:If M r. Cobb resigns, as expected, he w i* place his withdrawal on the ground that Georgia ure.Itwill—andoughtto—damagethemif de^lopcdoutof.theircorrespondingarts-Thereveryfull,seemtobeauthenticasfar,astheyrequireshisservicesintheStateConventiononsession; they are mainly responsible for its fail-At length w e have accounts which, though notmen's expense. W e trust the last document will guidance; then the Unfolding of scientific princi-befrankedatthissession. LeteveryOnewho uses the Mails pay for the service done him.Whether anyother comprehensivemeasureofRetrenchment and Reform can, or cannot bo ef- \ eritific principles with immensely. improved re-ascending course ofscience. Thecommonest notfittostandinthepositionoffreemen,orto giventocultivationandtradebybringinginto partment. Inaddition,thereareabout$1,500,- actionsofdailylifeinvolvetheregular play taketheleadinthevariedoperationsnecessaryto the existence andprogress of civilized society. active circulation the large amount of property 000, subject to the call of the Secretary^ butof the mental mechanism; facts are ob-served, evidence weighed, inferences drawn, Governor Gist, however, to judge from his re-formerly tied up in the hands of the Church. Should a similar result follow in Mexico, sherarely drawn upon, applicable to mint purposes. ARRIVAL OF MEMBERS.performed. There is no true definition of sciencethatdoeshotmakeitalivingoutgrowthfaith in this view ofthe case. Indeed, he states sufferings andmiseries through which sheisstill las is expected to-morrow from the South,,requisitesanction. Hencewecherishanabiding getting"ridofSlavery. Theseslaves,thusleftto •knowledge "is organized, and systematic to ahadadvancedto-withintwelvemilesofPekin.Th« Emperor of China at first refused to attach his seal, butBUOM TX8TS SPKAK VOX THISMELTM. .A large assortment onband atour warehouses, at lo*r prices. victors will not proceed to recant and profess as will enable us to foretell occurrences—such they would obtain in the ordinary way, butA . S. MARVIN it. Co.,No. 335 Broadway, New-York. No. 57 Gravier-st., New-Orleans.CATARACT W ASHING-MACHINE.The best ever invented. NoRvBBixeandsoWXAX.SCLUVAB &HTATT,NO.4WBroadway..SQUIRE &. L A N D E RbareforsaleRXAZ.GOLD JXWBXXTandEBOXJSK STKBLINOSIL- VXXWARR5percentlessthananyotherhouseintnecity.No. 97 Kulton-rt., near William.thc/xnflolves' sorry for.This ought to l»o a very busy and a very us to see boforehand, and predict in whatMinisterHarris writesthattheglowingaccountsof in addition accumulate money for themselves. for Alderman in the Seventh District, and if any the Japanese Embassy of their reception by the Gov-a familiarity with her regularities as will enable beneficent session. The public interests urgently times, places and conditions, effects will takeernment and citixens of the United Stat©s bad reached Yeddo, occasioning great delight to.th© officials there.The Customs receipts from Charleston have largelytion as delegate to the Georgia Stilt* Convention.THE STEREOSCOPICEMPORIUM,Wholesaleand abillincreasingandreadjustingtheDutieson that heat disturbs the equilibrium ofthe olina,in'theplaceofintellect,merit,oracquire- publicauction,andletsthemoutagainatafair canExecutiveCommittee,washereyesterday,andhadCfcOCXB the most accurate timekeepers'ln the world. 'form of observations, experiments, and rea-Srx«xx k Co., No. 487 Broadway. much stronger than in the^preceding Congress— ' Mill ..... . . . ,—J- -•.Vpieasai ha\-ebee busbar «U directly Byrehs* fre\nvui visit w!,4 yemei! >©together thmkSt therint sick. Mr while 1 1 calling'*Dinvt At my.anddais BurchSpauliin to my j Burch - •Stuar::i<wife11ej ;Jsigwa»l«oi<* fanal.^ oflv<« 'by Mr.Morrill of Vt., wasrevisedand. thatanelementoftheairentersintochemical thisdoctrinediffersfromtheoldfeudal notions tomerchants,amongwhomheiswell-knownasAt hist a New-Yorker has arrived, in the pewon of the Hon. Hugh Whit©, ex-Member of Congressfrom Sara- toga disU-ict, who reached here this inorvmg. White, having served simultaneously with Lincoln, was hearti-"SATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE.—Reliable, harmlesss reported by the Committee of Ways and union with thefuel; producing combustion; that upon which the exploded systems of European a wharfinger ofindustry and probity. It is cer-est form, scienceadvancesto measurement.\It plea of inability, yet it is very doubtful that he ie first qualitative, then quantitative. T o pur-penditure for objects of permanent utility on the"Court-House, and equal places in the muster- " field and the hustings." It appears then thatMairliio IMsaiHter a n d TAOHH o f l<ttfe. y ALEXANDRIA, Va.,Friday, Nov. 30,1860. -some facts notvery consistent with it. A prac- passing.TotheAssociatedPjeea.cherishajoyfulhopethat, by-thetimethenew that"scienceistheknowledgeofmanymethod-no majority left in either House to give it the "tainableby joue," we cannot deny that all time—*-a sort of first step, as it were, toward ferent times, been members of the City Govern- concluded a treatywith China. The combined forcestestimony can have weight this is worthy of the strongest influence.The Times of yesterday morning, in an article inrelationtocandidates attheensuingmunici-leave this matter to be regulated by the natural pal election, referred to M r. Darrow in termstionmetitsfirstCongresswithdomandsof onethingfollowsanotherininvariablesequence; inferiority7ofthenegroandtheassumedsuperi- calculated,whetherintendedtodosoornot,todefensesofNew-Yorkwillb©orderedtoth©super-It appears that slave mechanics of this class not unfrequently set up establishments of their owncallforprompt,decisive,efficient legislation..place—thatis,prevision—still, itwillbefound andevenhirewhitementoworkunderthemas In the first place, the National Finances are in tthat much of ordinary knowledge partakes of this journeymen. Governor Gist is quite unwilling todiminished,ascomparedwiththoseoflastyear. Aboutsixn.illionsoftheten-uiiJHonloanarepaidia. Lieut. Morton has just returned from the Cbiriqui.a shameful condition.. Theoutgoing Administra- quality. Theearliest lessonpf thechildisthatexpedition,andtheauthor ofthereportontheharborADAMS'SEXPRESSCOMPANYmakecollections authority tomakeloans andissueTreasury thatwaterwillextinguishfire,,thatpainwill orityofthewhiteman.HeappealstotheLeg-Increased fsciHries for manufacturing, and t h e curtailment o f• litigation expenses consequent upon recent decisions of the relief would suffice. 'Congress must have knownnotbepermitted. ."Theremustbeadistinction 'between the races, as marked as their differenthave disposed already. Mr. Darrow did not vote for the Yonkers Railroad, and only failed to•TailedStatesCourts,justifythesaleofWheeler&Wilsonjbetter,butrefusedtodobetter.Eventhen,the M a n u f a c t u r i n g C o m p a n y ' s S e w i a ^ - M a c h i n e s , w i t h i m p o r t a n t i m - • R e p u b l i c a n s p r o p e r l y i n s i s i s t e d t h a t w o o u g h t t o psovemeots, at greatly reduced prices. T h e superiority o f theseMachines for family use and manufactures, in.the same range of take steps to increase the revenue instead of purpose a n d material, i s attested b y tens o f thousands Usingspring from the same root, and differ only in'thedegreeofgrowth. Butwhiletheuncultivated "colors,anditmustbedistinctlyanduniversal-voteagainstitbecausenotiinewasgivenhimtototheProeident-elect.Mr.Lincoln,liketherestofthem.$40. -Office, No.505 BROADWAY, New-York.PARKERSEWING-MACHINE. $40.running deeper a n d deeper into debt in a time of profound peace and average prosperity. The Presidentconcurredinthisopinion,buthisCabi-objootu anil occurrences, it is the business of knows just as well as the philosopher that thesmokefromthefireit is kindling will ascend,Governor Gist, it would thus appear, does not because the public are prxme to suspect anybody basetheright of the whitestobemasterson whohasanythingtodowithcityaffairs. Itis superiority of intellect,' merit, or acquirements. quite true that M r. Darrow is a lessee of cityriRST-ClASH DOCBUC TBRBAJ>. •Rapidandnoiseless. UnderpatentofHowe,Groverk.Baker, net didnot. When Mr.Buchanan urgedthe• Wheeler k Wilson. Is now selling at *40. Agents wanted. VXXXON k Co., No. 469 Broadway.that the fire will consume the fuel, andpresently warm the room and boil water. He seems tacitly to admit that the negroes may wharves, a regular business, which he took frominjure him seriously in the public mind. The followburning,andnightsucceedday;whilein islaturetocome'-to-theaidofnatureandtosup- realchargesagainsthimare,first,thatheisa*Ltainly a strong evidenceachangeofitsform; thatthechemicalaction inhisaddresstothecitizensofGreenville,seems againsthim,one.isafalsehood,andthe,otherathere is no real destruction of matter, but onlyin M r . Darrow's favor,supportedit.the Democratic majority there insisted on au- by conduction.. through ,the iron, by convection periority of white men. H e undertakes to alarmInsteadofraisingmorerevenue,Jwillgiverisetoheat,whichwillbe propagated toputverylittlefaithintheallegednaturalsu-maliciousinsinuation.( J e o r g i a Miu-KOOEviLLE,Ga..Friday,Nov.30,i860.The Legislature chose Presidential Electors to-day with the following resiu>' ( ^ o r the Breckinridge ticket, 173;fortheBelltick't,54,'andtheDouglasticket,8.where in regard to th© circulation.of THKTUIBUNK, TheBank bill pissed theSenate tiiisforenoon over TheSecretaryhaspostponedeverypossibleex- willtakeplace;then,theiramount. Initshigh- "whatistokeepthemfromequalseatsinthis andcontainsapopulationof31,121.Thenumber/of'BARRY'STRIV>PHEKOUSisthebestandcheapest thorizingafurtherloan,whichMr.Cobbhas,in throughthewater,andbyradiationthroughthearticle for Dre«ing, B^tiTjkii Cleansing. Curling, Preserving and Rsetering tbeHair. vJaies, try it. Sold by Druggists.•;the citizens of that district, where the white pop- ulation is largely predominant, with t h e idea, shouldtheslavesbeemancipated, ofanegroTHETRIBUNEINPENNSYLVANIA.-CHINA,GLASS,CBA^JSUZ^S fcCy at a xi sat reduction for cash.PLATEDGOODSthe most bungling manner, effected. But, as•this air. The germ of positive knowledge in theloanwasrequiredtopayoffTreasuryNotes commonmind,thusexpandingintotherecog-fallingdue,theGovernmenthasderivedlittle nizedscientificform,evolvesintostillhigher migrationfromthericeswampsoftheseaboard positive relief from it, and the Treasury is now maturity. W e have, first, certainty; then, • com-No.483,490^ ^o^^^SVCUREFORHERNIAORRUPTO**. «fcc. WJUWCSFATWTTLmrmnTuoss.'*WBITB'S PATKST L* TICK TKUSS. V"* W m r s ' l PAWOIT I/XTXK SLKVOHTKR. Wjfrrafti PATWTT LKTXK SnrpoKTxx.Ar«madouponsIMJWprinciple. Are icsdo upon a new principle.AndIs 3vrx JtMAt 1*WAHTKD.Ctll sod s*« thorn bototo purcha*ing. Pamphlets gratis. GxMOXX k Co., Bolo Proprietors, So. 2 i B.,»d-»i.to that more healthy and eligible region; andin a most dilapidated, seedy, exhausted condition. pletenesB. First, the. kind Of phenomena wliich with "equal rights' and equal numbers," he'asks, Thie county forme a part of the "Wilraot District." the GovernorV^eto by 95 to 13.votespolledattheNovemberelection was6,021. Of this number, 4,754 votes—nenrly four to one—weVo polledforLincoln.••ThereareOVEUONKTHOUSANDage. W e devoutly feojpe that ho *r,ay not be able and pressure of the air, the rate of its expansion to maintain the white ascendency would only Democratic Districta, the very beat missionary'work wore killed by fallhvg from the mast, and another diedsuetheillustrationalreadytaken,notonly will»»nnt of bim off hand in satisfaction of. their the rarefaction of, the air by heat cause the and "equal rights," the negroes would prove acanpaythe»largesumsthattheMemberswillclaime to* cou^nsation for the recess and Mile- smoke to rise, but in the last stage the weight fair match for the whites, and that any attempt ployed to bring about th© above result. In hv^ly reports having experienced terrific gales. Two seamenonthevoyage. Thecaptain'swifediedatSombroro,XliePalestineOutwardJSouud.-•: PORTLAND,Me.,Friday,Nov.30,1860.The steamship Palestine, will leave this port for Liverpool viaLondonderry, at about 2:30 p. m.to- ffTSTe. Koue cansnow itstruevslue until they have te-ted it. better Tariff unless it is improved. Let itbo with thefuel, butexactly howmuch will be re- the XVIIth District is Mr. Win. Dunning, 23dofNovember. Hewasborn inDutchess County, morrow. -DispatchesforEurope to boforwarded bymakt.- o. the deft Btt£gest« orad'-:tlCi>JleacW twemv n.eafl wife vr* jnywiif Ilea«iThe thetlHPERSONS AFFLICTED WITH THE FEVER ANDAovashouldnotspareotohortime,trouble,oxexpense,topro. to paythem, thathh>capacitytov»rr0wisrare Vx. tUmrwrnaV* celebrated B^TTXKS, v/ho-e b«uHlc*&t sMooi*uponthe»jrstetuharebeenclearlyprored. Totho««whois predicted. N o t only that oxygen combinesWhen aU others have IWled, these Birnots have restored the understood that there is no money for Congress quired to consume it, what quantity of heat will N. T., and had always resided in tbis State. He was this opportunity will be received by Mr. ,Stoker,;N»»^exhausted, and that the Members must go unpuia '%•*» been strlcxen down in a «hort space of time by this dread* till they pass (substantially) the Morrill Tariff.mgthecirculationofTHJEriani/Ns:H. Y.*iWoBree.-wfcoeecheeksarewsoandmeager,andwhosenight*; Therewasneverabettertimeforthisthanthe theupwardmovement,or.thepowerofdraught, are sleepless and restless, and whose eyes are dim and sunken,—EnoaMarsJvttf,aged106yoare,9months,and9 dixys, diedjjc Covert, Seneca County, N . Y ., on th©with forth staring them in the lace, this compound must provo afill)milIMirit*'"><"ffthem,asitwere,from themouthofthe present,andweshallprobablybelongwithouta•*'suffererstopiistinehealth. TheirpopularityinalltheWestern dealer in building materials at"Manhattanville. asoldierunderGeneralGates,andwasatSaratogainend Southern parts should introduce thein to ail huuihes. Hold until the Custom-HouHes supply it, and the pies- | bo goueruted, how much water boiled aud,space This nomination appears to bes unexceptionable. l>f dtaggbtM and dealers generally everywhere.1777.7 Broad street, New-York, to 1;30 p, m» of the sum* ° day.'0 oVloik boio<>*. V .:t*.*:k&bM *h&^^^^emtsi^W^i^A::.',.'. •:,. ^0:-M^Mkii'Kwww.fultonhistory.com.v..-J. .*.<«'.I_Ji^ Ii '-'"^y•in M r . Meminger's opinion, with equal numbors copies of T H E TKIBUNE taken in thin cotmty, and theac, withOrganizationandWork,werethebeatmeaus©m?nebrigCrocus,CapuHerbert,OfGardiner,Maine, nas arrived in thirty days from Sombrero Island. She»Untitled DocumentTheRepublicancandidate forAldermau from\;^^^0^0j^6^0M^i• : Forweeks,indeedwemaysayformonthspast-,,WASHINGTON, Friday, Nor.30,M$»% THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.in reaching the vicinity of that city. They were that unless he takes part in that movement he and a command of conditions. Stock-breeding; joined by the troops of the garrison under Cas- will either be ignored in the future entirely or foragesacrudeart,isnowpursued initssci- tillo,anda great battle wasfought withthe beforcedintoasecondarypositionbythepromi- besieging army, under the walls of Guadalaxara. nence of others. H e will endeavor to lead the The Liberals were t h e conquerors, a n d , a s a secession scheme; attempting to justify his presentples, economical short-cuts, multiplied resources,What became of Marquez and Castillo does not appear,orwhethertheysucceededinsavingany considerable portion of their forces.vigorously next year. T o these, ends w e must or less renovated and reorganized by steady and havemoreincomeandlessoutgoforcurrentex-persistenteffortstoelucidatetheprinciplesbyalarmintheCityofMexico.Miramon,whoin MESSRS.FLOYDANDTHOMPSON.penses. TheRevenue from Customs ought to be which practice should be governed. The law spite of the reports that he had resigned in fa- The President's friends maintain now that nopenditure. payoff,andshouldbeaboutit;,wehavethePa-principles has revolutionized civilization.And so,W e have a very considerable debt tovor of Eobles, still remains at the head of af- sufficient reason exists for the withdrawal of aily developed in the writings of Herbert fairs, wastakingthe mostenergetic measures, Messrs.FloydandThompson,'evenifMr. Cobbis,andmaybebycuttingoffsinecuresandreWill be ready at 9 o'clock this morning. It -will diicing salaries to the lowest point at which fit (Spencer, is universal, and springs from the of defense. Among other things, he had seized should'resign as anticipated, and for the reasonsThe Tribune for Californialated. Theprinciple here stated .is sufficiently has the example of the Liberals to keep him in point of embarassment is in estimating the re- of Baltimore, will close this morning at 10 j hope. Wrangle and jaw, threats and criminations, discernible in the material arts and physical sci- countenance in this act of spoliation. They sources for the enduing fiscal year, and the re-MESSRS. CHESNUT AND HAMMOND.independent, not vitally related to commonknowledge,andwhichmaybepursuedorpassedby at the option of the student. It is supposed gument entirely upon the assumed fact that the side of the Liberals will bo able to agree among ton, that Messrs. Chesnut and Hammond will be that,inenteringuponscientificstudy,weleave negroesarcaninferior race,overwhomthe themselves.. intheirseats. Bothunconditionallyresigned, the domain of common thought and enter a for- whites possess not -merely an artificial superiority One result of the triumph of the Liberals will and would have to be re-appointed. M r. Ham-Theysupportthemselvesandtheirar-local chieftains and military leaders whom the present struggle has called into the field on theThere is no reason to suppose, notwithstand- ingthetelegraphicannouncement, fromCharles-._.>:?:?;This margin is only about one-third that power, seems to be largely dueto the. impulse necessary for the smooth working of theDe-ment, and who, not having forfeited their goodnames thereby, are all the more worthy of beinglistened to. These gentlemen testify to the char- finally yielded tothe demand. acter andtheability of Mr. Darrow, candidateintendency ofthe Washington Aqueduct Works. Thearrival'ofLieut.-Gen..Scottisdailyexpected.The President Elect.SPRINGFIELD, 111., Friday, Nov. 30, i860. YesterdaybeingThanksgivingday,quiteanumberof 1country people wore in town, and paid their respects m i n d s e e s o n l y t h e s i m p l e , o b v i o u s r e l a t i o n s o f " l y u n d e r s t o o d , t h a t t h e w h i t e i s t h e g o v e r n i n g i n v e s t i g a t e i t s c h a r a c t e r . T h e o t h e r c h a r g e i s A n g l o - A m e r i c a n m a n k i n d , f e a s t e d o n a r o a s t t u r k e y ,and,havingspecialcausetothank hisMaker,attonded divine service.'The President elect feels greatly relieved b y t h e prospectofapeaceablesolutionoftheKansastroubles. Mr. Stephens'* Union speech was read by Mr. Lin- cohiwithgreatsatisfaction. Heisreportedtohare said that the best item of news he had received sincethe6thofNovemberwasthatofMr.Stephens's©lec-many persons superior in these respects as the which, if honestly followed, is as honest as anysoning, extends these perceptions; it is discovered whites. T o be white, is to stand, in South Car- other. H e hires these premises, when let at George G. Fogg, Secretary of th© National Republi-"race, without an exception, and without regard merely an illrnatiired insinuation which the writer sciencetounfoldanacxtondthem.Thechild"todisparityofintellect,merit,oracquirements."couldhaveonlyhopedwouldtellagainsthim,WKLLSBORO,TiogaCo.,Pa.,Nov.28,1860. IwishtoeaynfewwordstoRepublicansevery- About70members-^dnotvote./Minister Ward, Btating that England and France have'SSlfCtora*.iu Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 •-..'••w..•••>:•••.?•"•'-,-».•.»:••.. . , - : £ .