 \„ri>edatbyanimpartisi i**t. W M * • **&£* S?*£ «h o D ^ •ornpound remedy / £ pre~/vLg ana! l^atifyinr the hair, and Wnggray hairtoIUoriginalcolor,anothelockstothebald- •' ithout tiesitrtion say Frof. O- J . Woon's av*eded,Ve ahould w advertisement in another column.—Senate. The Chivalry will then take their chance in theHouse,and,that failing,,theywillprevent an election there, and Lane, who will meantime have been chosen Vice-President 'by-the Senate on the first vote, will be President in fact for the en- suing four years. Johnson stands no more chance intheSenatethan.LloydGarrisonwouldifhe could get there. If, then, the Douglas men con- sent to run composite tickets, they admit that theyPatrick's.yesterday on the -political state of Italy, especially of that portion of the so-called.States oc the Church -which/has recently severed its political connection with Rome, and chosen another rule instead. This incites comment, which we shall strive to make clear though brief.TheArchbishop,seemstousexceedinglycarefulthan to have them eonfiued to herself.IAW AIS» JLXQUOK.The Court of Appeals on Friday decided fjljiat " any liquor of which the human stomach can cori- "tain enough to produce'intoxication" comes with-intheExciseLaw.of1857—JudgesComstockajnd^W '>'J»l'» —Bsetncni jDkrnrt*. -ir-*r»rw»»%s%^,n ^ W_H_JSUMMER STYLES. *M>hs*»nowonhand*nin>m<;iwvarietyofaQthelatestJSjIS&MSKg ~S£S^?"+^ 5 ^ PL .1 ^V-itm^ I1•tjlaa of SummerGuaixxR* S u m ,ORO» DW LAINX Sbm»% ' P ADDED LIXKS Sorr», DUCK SUITS, DRABD'ET*SPITS,L e a n t * St%r»,BATH is*. Srrrs,yYACHTixe SvJT», i c , &c,MinistertoSpain,andfinallySecretaryOfState), wonderfultravels?Tothesehappysixtymor- whobadsolongheldthemdown,andeffected;afa BaltimorebyseventyDelegates. Ofthenc,,.thirty- Will be ready at 9 o'clock this morning. It will has, >ince his recall from the Mexican Embassy, tals is restored a' traveler's privilege, which the time when no French or Sardinian force was within nine formed the impregnable phalanx whidb obeyedawl a oozoptote stock. In *v«ry variety of latest styles of Tie«, Cravato, Summer Under W W , Shirt*, Sec, fca, all of which'The Overland Mail, with San Francisco*dates of Peihops we should add Mr. Soule's organ, The of facts, however wide that may be; for to their turn upon us with a plump denial of the-right ofxeadywith hi* Indrpmdence £1AT> for Y*<<^'%****,»l**<>votectneususiapproiAmericana- T h e n«forfiwfor** aeveryreasonto everything else•y to remindthoSdMfaMjfcottlsapper, andonthwwuoU»tl c B rMansr&etnred by H. C SrAi.oi.vo fc Co., No. 48 Cadar-ftt. Post-Officeaddress,BoxNo3.600.authorities in no very friendly state of mind."pressii g necessity, and the idea of reorganizingDR-CT-I*?, HCPUOX si Co., No^25«, 259, and 2G0 Broadway.pledged, not to run on any such plat-THE FOURTH OFJULY.—This day,sofullofpatriotiaia, seUia>*nt. aetaation, a n d tire-cracJtera, ia close athand, Kaox, Uie hatter, corner of Fultoi and Utoiidwdy, is S. Senator, died at MarysvMe on the 6th ult.FOR ZEFiriR UNDERSHIRTS,Beet New-York Sairta, Linen Drawer*, Szc, at popular priced,fifth street, was shot down in cold blood, and with has yet been heard from, while we know that the_results of her civilization ? How clear mus have changed him—peaceably, unanimously, JOHN Kut,i.y, ISAIAH JR.Y<>I>KKB,wholesale or ictaL, cad atrSKKIlo's, No. 61 Nassan-st..and No. 381 Broadway.evident premeditation, and died in a few hours of his wounds. T h e flying murderer was pursued aThe Union (Nashville), Tlie Avalanche (Memphis), ,this be to the Japanese mird, if he has sufficien egitimately>—and that Victor Emanuel:j is EDMUND DUIGOU, and other leading journals, are out for Breckin- faitb, and how entertuining a book would be writ- to-day their elected king by a clearer and bfetter John Cochrane,'Aefson J. Waterbury,THE GREAT EASTERN A GREAT WONDER.—few blocks by several citizens, when, seeing; that ridge. From Virginia, we hear of one paper com- ten hy some clever man of the Embassy—a book title than that by which any Pope has ruled them WM. N . MCINTYKE, f'.dtcard Cooper.TTalu auection* lor use. and several valuable recipes for making- loo-Cream and Water Icoa, accompany each Froezor.tends to let the People of our State have some Although the Special Committee of the Board of out for Breckinridge. Wehad supposed that there of our. distinguished guests. Tho men we have. crime. Such is our view of both the principles voice hereafter in the legis'ation enacted in theirFor wu*> by all the leading Fan.Inhit.- Stores. MIW i.vo vtavxn.Three quarts Fonrquarts Ffvoooax't*"—tt>2 oOj tight quart*.. | . 8Oi-jFortrtwncharts. . $ 5 00 *.'.*.. 10 00E. P . TI>KKK\ Manufacturer antUPatentee,, Jio. y riatt-staTNew- Y.ork.REMOVAL.4 OviTwenty quarts P. S.—A liberal discount to the truoe.arbitrary exercise of power by local school boards but there will not: Breckinridge will carry it. being a well-bred and courteous nation by the equally explicit and unequivocal. in future, yet by a happy chance the pay-roll of We cannot speak so coofidently for North Carolina; manners of those with whom they have been in theA RIGIXTEOI'S- lHBUIfHrOW'.The Court of Appeals of our State has reversed thejudgment oftheCourt belowwheVeby actsXOCX-STITCM AM> Sai'Tt-kX SKW JM, .MAIKI.SK.^.W. H . COLLINS No. 380 Broadway.A NEW PATENT SELF-TESTING PRESERVEJAJT_—The aabaoriber in now prepared to oiler to the public what baa so long been neeued, viz: A FKK&KKYB CAM or JAR tnat will gxve oeitain indications whether the truit contained thereinhas been pr»perl> yt«paxed, tuid can be d«pe iOed on to koop, before the saute cam have lime to leruteut, aud thus ruin the con- tents—tor botli fruit ana sugarin auca cases are wasted.It is aluuOitt incredible the amount o f maturiaJb lo»t, either by Jars constructed on wroug principles, or a want of care iu doing up the !.uit, aud « hicn liexelolore could not be detected in timeto remedy the difficulty. ... Trade •applied on lioeral terms.They compare' with that>EnWARn f. Tonniev, No. 9 Flatt-st., New-York.$1.—COFYTNC P R E S S , with B O O K , & C ~ for Linn and Marion Counties, where the anti-Lane o r1 all diminished by the results of the Crimean/war ,copying business letters, dec, instantly and perfectly, Is oent, Douglas Democrats voted for Logan. Could the po-t-paid, by moualactorer, for (M 27. Ageuts wauted. Ad-ire.W-Y-OKK.The friends of the "National Union Movement'' with the noise, of a public reception; b u t what instead.of assistance from Russia, England mjjjghtareas,withstamp, J.kL ATWATKK,Froviuence,R j BATCHEJLOR'S HAJR I5YE, W ig andFactory. No, 16 Bond-av Private entrance for ladles. applied LQtha sky-light rooms.BARRY'S TRicOFtUiJtOUS ia theheat and cheapest a r t t f i ec l l oe f f o o r r D D r r o o s s as r i n n , g , B e a o r i r y i r . g , C l e a n s i n g , C u r l i n g , P r e s e r v i n g ,MMl BostortngthtoHair. Ladies, try it- Sold by Druggist-.SPALDING'SPREPAREDGLUE.*• Zverybody should ha*e a bottle."— [Tribune. Foa S A U ETxxTWMxxa. -a'e summoned to open the ball by a State Conv^n-rather apprehend a cooperation on her part v^ith It is extremely doubtful what direction the ap-3SId»^B«^The former is also ably edited, but hasma odifaiihllfCOn«n ii'.iMarehabunU:;i • offici il .< orgai!/-: an el*ct« coToajrvrwar, :<::*MONDAY,JULY m1660. TheTribuneforCalifornia/morning. N o further Indian battles o r depreda- killed in the Carson Valley region by Indianswas publiclyform. The thirty-one stiff-necked Delegates have published their protest against the rejection a t Bal-timore of the Southern anti-Douglas Delegate* who bolted a t Charleston, recording their nnrnes as fol- lows:amounted t o eighty.Jodge H . P . Haun, late U .GreatEastern. ThenewsfromSicilyisquireuc- onthemanipulationsof"thelittlejoker,"who porcelainisarudeproduction;andtheyhave B. T. BABBFTT'S Concentrated SOFT SOAP.—One t«sfactory. By way ofRome we have a statement will 1urn up under the Dean Richmond thimble known the ohips of civilized nations for centuries.itct. .trh<-! ton.fcjssr, Mak4e0sg4allon* be«tt»o& Soap, by simply adding hot water,PIperboa Liberaldiscounttogrocers.No.70Washington-*!. thatadispatchhadbeenreceivedthere7fromNa- wheneverheshaUbowantedthere; Heis.fxiak*WHISKY.—S.T.SUIT'SKENTUCKYSALTRIVERB O O R H o x , s o l d b y a l l D r u g g i s t s . H W . K M . V N . &. C o . , Nos. 161, W9, 511, and 756 Broadway, N . Y .FOURTH OF JULY.Should Napoleon succeed in establishing an inti- the Court had been mooted in Congress. Doubts -Mach'iof-the*- ontside of the houses and the inside mate alliance wir.h Prussia, and in putting entirely are entertained whether he would accept if theTHE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM."ITftDT one »iw«lo.a s k"« ? <>P"uon,the unorganized Territory of Arizona. The Presi- dent is quite exercised ab tit the choice.•DECAPITATION OF DOUGLAS MEN.There is to be a thorough deCapifeatiou of th© Dotiglas officeholders here, and .elsewhere. T h e President and Cabinet have conforred.fully ou^hes u b j e c t , a n d o r d e r s w i l l b e i s s u e d a s s o o n a * t h e - blueklist-hasbeencompleted.M I N I S T E R T O < J U A T K J M A E A .The nomination of Churchwell, of Teuaessee, as Minikter toGuatemala, was not reported back from Committee on Foreign Relations in th o Senate, because it would not have been confirmed.AN EGOLESS MARE'S NEST.in the case of Nevin against Ladue, that "ale;iud" strong beer" are included in the term " strong or"spirituous liquors," as used in the exciselaw; ridge and Douglas withdrawing, is entirely ex-K. AJTHO.-II, N o. 501 Broadway.Rioadway.r MAKMI contmues to apply his RADICAL CUREKir g of Naples has dismissed Lanza, Letizia, andthree other Generals in Sicily, and has exiled them.JLfr.A!T x r ^ w i t h s u c c e * * , i u e f f e c t i n g c u r e * o f H e r n i a o Tr RI t u u p p t t u u r - e . aoaS w lLadieewaited uponoyafemaleinp.ivateroomsi Bathing Shoulder-Braces, Sa»p«;nsoryOITT-DOO*. Gxotrw TAXJUT. w n t m o u rproclamationt h eforfeitureo ft h efoimer has an even chance with Lincoln in theHaiX KBaTORATlVB. See by ah Druggiots. -Depot Ho. 444 Col. Medici had effected a landing there. The rLouisrilis JouraaL SoldTheassuranceswhichtheEmperorNapoleonhad Tm«-v. Sojprt.-r,, sho-.iur-BMCIM, ^up-^wj.Bandages, attheBadenBadenCongress,ofhispeacefulgiven,ofenunciating,orevenindicating,'hisideaofthe Denioonly,dissenting. TheopinionoftheCbftflis tundamental basis of civil government. H e is given by'Judge Welles. The case was that oflihe• w S ^ U w t l c StVckingi., Knee Caps, and all surgical appliaucea, b yMTasH t Co . No. ^ e s ^ - ^ y N ^ o j r p ^ s f t e Si. PaqgaCharoh. .intentions, had produced, apparently, a very sooth-MEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, MONDAY, JUL Y 2 , 1860.to the friends who share his secret oOnfldence, thai hi has eeen more thin he "ever dreamed the world haviDg been generally in $he minority i a i t s o w n contained; a n d those who have imaginations u n - party. ItBeditor^Mr.Forsyth(sonofthe Hon,temperedbyageorknowledge,howwilltheyrevel—that neither France nor Sardinia had anything to do with the recent throwing off of Papal au- thority b y t h e Romagnols, b u t that i t was their own voluntary andallbutunanimousact,conse-leaves it in a. perturbed and feimernting a state m evor.NEW-YORK rVOTAVtmt.New-York w as represented at Charleston andMissouri.never exerted a controlling^influehee ih/Alabama,John Foiryth, who was Senator from Creorgiaf in the remembrance and the narration of their quent on the withdrawal of the Austrian troojpscontain the Money and Market JReports, Marriages been an ardent Douglas man on personal grounds, world has lost for several centuries. They a hundred miles of them—that their choice in;jl859 the nod of Dean Richmond and thus produced there- ]and Deaths, and all the latest important Foreign a n dDomestic News since the sailing of .the last steamer.and the Democracy of . Alabama sympathize are possessed of the eminent advantage of Victor EmanueLfor their sovereign w/k:jassuits which th<i country so heartily delight* in. T h e " unit rule V was the wand whereby the eliiief ma- gician evoked his power. Had each Delegate- votedas he thought fit, and each' vote counted, inthe Convention, the Platform of Slavery ProfcetVm r e - ported by the majority of the Grand Committee would have been adopted by- the Convention, and Mr. Douglas's nomination thereby prevented, as heA steamer will leave to-diyat12o'clock. Single neither with his preference nor his reasons. of which Feroam •Mendez Pinto availed spontaneous,, as.unanimous andasheartyas-ithecopies,inwrappers,readyformailing,forsaleatthe iVeshouldjudgefromtheindicationFthatreach himselfsolargely; fortheir journejiags have ArchbishopallegesthechoiceofthePopjeto<-.counter. ''• •us that Alabama would give more popular, votes been in unknown regions. They are under no have been b y their ancestors a thousand yearsfor tbe Breckinridge ticket than for all others; necessity of Jimiting their narrations by the circle dgo; ;but then if the Archbishop should see fit toh«i»«mannflkctttT»dMrith great taste, will be sold at the lowest the 9th nit., passed Springfield, Mo., on Friday Trite Delta, at New-Orleans, to the list of promi- hf arers it has a boundless horizon. Even to the the Romagnols of to-day to choose any other^rujerfigwrea._ . ' • ' •nent Democratic journals in.the South that support narrators, it must seem that they have tasted ouly than the Pope, wo should have had our labor jfor tions had occurred. Tbe total number of persons Mr. Douglas; aod those who will may count The " of the substance of things hoped for, andthe our pains. W e do not, of course, assejit to hjsLouisville Democrat in that category. If there be "evidence of thugs not seen." Did they not; statement of what he presents as history—we hold any more, we do not know them. In South Caro- even at the last moment, as they were embaiking the facts to be quite other than as he represents lina, there is nojournal that even tolerates the idea in the huge ship that was to take them back to them; but until we can have some clearer indica- ofsupportingDouglasinanycontingency;inMia- Japan,observeasteamerfivetimesaslarg-,which tionofhisvitalprinciplesregardingthematter, sissppi, we believe the state of the case is the had come from the parent of the nation they had we need not multiply words. Briefly, we; holdA double murder was perpetrated in Eighteenthwearer*oftheYMi.tyofalltherestofw* patrioticenjoy streetonSaturdaynight,nearThirdavenue.Mr.same;inKentucky,-wehearofnoDouglasjournalvisited,andathousandyearsolder? Mus,fcnotthat theRomagnols hadanindefeasible TUNISGBKJWKN,^P£ *, P <>*lYJolljr »i«"* nenerally. B u i na«fizzl«daadiaoed.Kxox'a HATH will «t»:AI;OT;STI;S P en KM,,BKX.J. F . EnsAr.r., .WIIXIAK¥.JbtnssKU* •-GJHROR BRACK,HSNRV STAATS, DAV»D L SKVM X/R, AkKX. If. Bt'KHANS,EnAJ>T(JX.COKN!N<l, JAMRS C.'SPKXCKK, ALONZO G. P AIOR,J H^ STRVKKK. OROKOK. BARTLKTT. SVDNRV T. FAI*CHICD. HRJOXT'IX BARTO, Simc^m B. Jewett,John Walton, a wealthy distiller, living ia Twenty-but The Danccrat aforesaid; in Tennessee, none that tlder nation be five times as wonderful in al right to change their ruler, and that they Htrow McL-ACUiiLiy, W/jf. MlKKK,•ThegreatestwonderU,howcanLANDOX,ofNo.274Hadson-st., hewna;indangerofbeingcaptured,heturnedand ingout»forDouglas,butallweseear,etheother entitled "FromYeddotoYankeeland," which forthelastfourhundredyears. By-and-by,they SAM'I.K. JbiriTKRWonTB,sell «o cheap. 'l«pe»»rie«, ?>; Three-pry, 7/; IngraW, 2/6, 3/, 4/; Oilcloth*, 91, 8/t>per yard, feilt Shades, $l»pur.TORREY'S PATENTKo( K-MlNUTK IOX-CMKAM KI;KK/.BKI".Those popular Freezers, that hav«. been newly improved since last season, are decidedly the moat rapid a n d perfect Freezer i n naoGovrcrneyr Kembl-e,fired upon his pursuers. Mr. John W-Matthews,: way; and they include the mouth-pieces ; of should tell, not so much wh»*t they, eaw as wha may make a different choice; and we hold ithat EDWIN CHO»V.-KI-I-,Betttf constructed o n strictly both atu<ple ana effective.scientificprinciples,they a r ea raMroad conductor, received the charge fullia t h ebreast, and sinking to the pavement, expired beginning with TAc Enquirer and The people of books, at least not of books of travel, rule thus conferred will be valid; and if the «op'e —The disjunction of the names of Erastu* almost instantly. Suspicion points very strongly Examiner of Richmond, and JBGrvclading and we bhall never know what they say of us. of to-day or his successor shall undertake to coerce Cdn&ibg and John Stryker from those of Dean towardthemurderer,butasyetthesuspected TheSouthernArgus,Norfolk,TheArgus, Wheel- WeshallLeverknow'whattheysayofus,and themintosubmissiontohisrepudiatedsway,we RichmondandPeter Cogger, presents anew man has not been found. We print full particulars ing, The! Sentinel, Alexandria, <fcc. We believe probabty it is well, for we are a people-whoso, hold that he will bea murderer, and that whoever- phase in our political history. It would almostseven-eighths of the Democracy of that State, they thought they saw. They are not, however, a their right to do so is clear, and that the titi| to JOHN C. OKVEKaAVX.[ThoHc- placed in Itaiict were " Barnburners" in '18.Jtheir nil ing :.ov Wlll *<* forn;..•' •To tfcje A sT%*- Ti •wer*r tin tbe !fc»nall r.-r-d: IJ«B?'! t: menbep Biieoft TUiid^. rl benefit cthere are at least seventy-five Democratic journals epidermis is of the thinnest. I t would be dread- shall contribute men or money to aid that nefariois give ground for hope that the Central Railroad in-in tbe Old Dominion, of which at least seventy are 1 procedure will be an accomplice in his gigantic fully scarified, we fear, by the truthful observationsEducation on the dismissals in the Fourth Ward would be at least a sufficient vote for Douglas in been entertaining are, the chief of them, gentle- and facts involved in this controversy; when; the. name. 700 onlyrecommendaction which shallprevent such thisStatetogiveitsElectorstoBelland Everett, men;andtheywilljudgeofourclaim,tothe.titleof Archb'shopshallspeakagain, w^etrusthemaybein another column.thatWardwasnotsignedbyoneoftheInspectors, butThePress,Raleigh,Journal,Wilmington,and closestrelations—the menwho,inseveralcities, and has been referred" to the Finance Committee of Banner, Salisbury, are out for Breckinridge, and have had charge of them, who have made of themNAPOJLEOJYA « »GEKMAIVX;'The B iplftcL?The jealousy manifested by the English journals signed by the Governor after the adjournment InTtoartngtheiraidpremues,cornerofBroadwayandMnrray- theCentralBoard.Theymeetthisevening,and nonewithinourknowledgeforDouglas.-Evenin apublicentertainment,whohoveconstitutedthem-inrelationtotheConferenceatBaden-Ba^ejnoftheLegislature'werepronouncedinvalid.Byea o .hJ&AJLL, bJLACK & CO.,*t-, will close for a few days, preparatory to opening their new Store, corner o f Broadway and Prince-st., o f which d u e notice wiflbogWon Now-York, June 14,1360.The numerous casualties arising from poorlymade KimrwoitKa should te*cn consumers to purcaase only the work of a sup*rii-rci«.i. Enwx's work is of this superior clastt, and can be uncoined in large or small quautitiea at his depot, No.have it in their power to inquire into the legalityof Maryland, where the Douglas men divided the selves their hosts both in •private and public. If between the Emperor Napoleon and the Ger||ajn the decision of the Court of )a#t report, the Gov-theappointmentofthenewteachers.'.If,asisas- Delegation,tbejdonotseemtobesustained'by theyhavetheacutenesstosee,aspossiblythey Princes,professestobebasedonapprehensionsof ernorisallowedhi«fullConstitutionaltermoftenserted, one of the Inspectors was present and voted any considerable portion of the Democratic press; have, the uses to which they have been put to designs entertained by the French. Emperor |f:ja days wherein to consider each bill sent to him bywhen the old teachers were turned out, the Fi- while in De'aware, The Repuhllcan, Wilmington, gratify the inordinate vanity, the inordinate greed! damagii g character to Germany. After all, how- the Legislature, whether that body shall continuenance Committee and the Board can declare the goes decidedly for Breckinridge, while it is not and the inordinate folly of those with whom they ever, it is perhaps quite as much fears for England, in session to the end of that term, or sfcait mean-dismissals void, and refuse to pay the new ap- only the most influential organ of Democracyin have chiefly come in contact, and if they" believe as fears forGermany in which this; jealousy-"hiajs; time adjourn without day. The contrary ruleOffice I) Pofctlmfu- ingrato olo;! wh yance c raU-e ofimproveB'finti-.lvelopc-a -. F i' Hie <pajHTi <!the '.'ta • Kotbi Pony-E men w<fromC Finney an e> r.ti•pla'< •'.. mtcnxhi Kus«rtU.- Suice' JUD« WCI\ 1 beenhiLast StJBWiaXlev -ri fk*d t*n The"'for ^ ip "; A ' :i.beenp; Tho1neededof frta't;< ! J < ; ^•Senac ot \<a tri.vi pIJudiu''iF.:: % & ' •i Itt.Lfmail i e i n • • <>'the cJe |Jack £*; I1 elet.1..«l birSta Th*andhche-'iTieMt-XlCiervws. hold! •'-• 'lber gnai.e v»,'ece' g i?ncUe i u TWhe th smugg ^Ilv' r lnaito;\ CThe' g i v j j'.Ii anir't"! Prbvi» char u*net- acti^e pl«.A j l gi"'ft-<'Tl.e B. <:<eouvaieh:ma* sailing r e i ' T f : 7K't vf c«p: •.iHr.fan.-;!y ccvi-r.31r.nmii itSo •bor. Ti.«turn.<tenq't-ithe « juigneflTitei Tbe byti>e lar^ two g;m av<The Jlavaibo>< •*.172 Jbroadw^l, corner of Maiden lane, pot* and poor goodsbeware'of spurious de-WHF.Ai.Kh A. WlUSOJH'S SEWING-MACHINES. *WepreferOu*mroxfaudl}ase."—[Trioon*.•**They«coth*fcvoritesforfauriHea."—•[Times.Oth«», No. 606 Broadway, New-York.tbe State, but located just where Dotiglas shouldaccident,andnotbyanyvirtueinourbungling bestrongifinanypartofit. Downatthelower thewholepeople,thenheavenhelpourreputa-would Compel each Governor to sign or ve^o all the more important measures of each Legislature— which are u»ua)Jy crowded into the hut week ofC i R O Y E R& B A K E R ' S N O I S E L E S S FAMILY SKWIXU-MACUIXXH.TH* BKST In U » K .No. 496 Brottdway. New-York.system"of education, that there is a power of re- view over this iniquitous proceeding.••>-end, which sympathises with the Bay Counties of Maryland, he stands no chance.tion in Japan wrhen these sons of hers get, home ! But let us hope they did not understand. In thepointees.Itisonly,however,bythisfortunate-thatinthesetheyseereflectedthecharacterof itsrise.AnxiousastheEnglishundoubtedlyjirie for tbe preservation of the peace of Europe, theydo hot by any means desire too-good an under-From OREGON.we have, by Overland Mail from indications as yet; but Arkansas is the only one ofG.B.SLOAT&Co.'sCELEBRATEDELLIPTIC California,thevoteattherecontStateEloctionintheminwhichDouglasismhaseverhadanexist-tryimpressedhotonlywithourmaterialsuperio-No. 182 Folton-9t., Brooklyn.two Southern Couotiee.of last year as follows:I860.Logan Hep. Shiel, Dent. Logan, Rep.-'Stout, Dent.Jackson... ....463 Josephine -...137ence, and here it has been decidedly in the minor-ity. Sam Houbton is likely to carry Texas; ifnot,Breckinridgewill. Mr.Douglas may carryMissouri, but w e do not think he stands an evenchance to day for one other Slave State. Shou'dfacts transpire placing his prospects In a more fa- wiser ihey would have little to be thankful for. O fTogether....600Shiel ahead .028; Stout do. 645.vorable light, w e fchall fairly and promptly present them.almost all that an intelligent traveler would like to be informed they have gone away as igiorant as they came. They hare been dazed with the glare of gas-light; blinded with th e dust, and deafenedCo.voitKss.1859.'sions of the Emperor, aud all the arguments of the Frenchpress,iiupressesitself everydaymoreand more upon the English imagination—suppose.sue a quarrel to arise, where could the British lookjfojallies ? Certainly not to Russia, w-hich, thoug somewhat displaced at this moment by France from its standing position of British bugbear, still remains an object of apprehension but little if atRECEIVED B YMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.From Washington.Special Dispatch to The £L £. Tribune.W ASHINGTON, July 1, 1860.THESUPREMECOURTVACANCY.The vacant Judgeship on the Supreme Court Bench cannot be filled til December, the vacancy having occurred during the sitting of the Senate.8;*o 218 663 211r2i>8 411. 1,128 429 1,074Stont was elected last year by 3£> majority.—This looks well; but we presume Shiel is elected. Our great gains last year wore made inthe session—almost a t haphazard—at all From Florida, Aikansas and Texas, we have no • simplicity of their natures arid manners, let us and across the Rhine. The position of Great Brit- without reasonable time for consideration.ples, giving details of the cirpture of two steamers,o n e b e a r i n g t b e S a r d i n i a n a n d t h e o t h e r t h e A m e r -ican flag, with 25,000 muskets, 32 cannons, 2,000,- will bold tbe next State Convention a t Schenec- life of these thirty millions of people—how ttieyirg about on purpose.T h e s u p p o i t e r s o f S a m H o u s t o n f o r P r e s i d e n tp r e v e n t e d b y t h e s u d d e n p e a c e o f V i l l a f r | n o i - j e c t i o n s t o t w o J u d g e s f r o m o n e S t a t . ? , a n d J u d g e are lodged; how they are fed:- how they cultivate ilorn bunting out into open hostilities, he wotjjd' Grier insists upon verifying the JefTrrsoniatt.000 pounds of powder, a considerable sum of tady, onWednesday, the 18thinst. As theydom o t e y , a n d 8 0 0 a r m e d p a s s e n g e r s . I t i s s a i d t h e t h e e a r t h ; h o w t h e y w o r k i t s m e t a l s - a n d i t s s t o n e s ;then be left unembarrassed totest, if hesaw! jit,' maxim.D o n ' t b u r n y o u r s e l f ; b u t i f y - i n d o , u s e D r . T O B I A S ' S V K N X T I A S ,IIUMSISVT, and if it does not care yoa quicker than anythingcJao, do not pay for it. Only 26 cents. Sold bv all the Drogglsta. Sardinian Minister demanded tae restitution of the it presented. We doubt, however, their ability to how-they prepare the skins of beasts for humanhot run their ticket to sell, we are curious to seeFOURTH OF JULY. twosteamersandthe800passengers,astheyhad use; hewtheyweavecloth;and,,aboveall,howthe discipline and courage of the British vdlttn-, eers,andthestrengthoftbenewBritishfortifica- tions- for which so large a sum of money has justTHE CONSTITUTION IN N E W HANDS.Itissubstantially settledthat The Constitution is to pass into the hands of Mr. Breckinridge'sMany are apt to get the Dj sentery, Diarrhea, or Colio, about frame one at this early stage of the canvass.this time. Ls« Dx. ToBi.va s VjsxaTi.t.v LI.VIMB.VT. It wiU owe passports for Malta. The English Embassador had. Quite a numberfcf decayed politicians of diverse they educate their children for all the varied dutiesyon,andonlycost26cents.Nopayifiteverfails,nomattersupportedthedemand.Garibaldiwaspush-antecedentsarebusywiththearduouslaborofoflife,in/schoolsandcolleges,,onthefarm,inthebeenvoted. . i friends,andthatMessrs.BowmanandBrowneare Sow bad you are. Sold >>y all the Druggists. . It is ho doubt true that Germany might see in to retire shortly. Their succesors are not yet d e -ing forward warlike measures with his negotiating a grand junction triangular anti«Lincoln works-hop, and the manufactory,. Against theSpurious imitations of " ARTUSAIRON, or Creamof la*tar Substitute,* bavii-g been put into market we hereby characteristic ,energy, with a view tomaking an ticket, to be composed of Breckinridge, Bell,oaucion the publicaguiostpurchasing the daugerousadulieration*. attack on the. main land of the Kingdom. The None geuuL-e unless bearing our trade mark:, ''Artusairon."termined upon. But a Committee have the subjectin ceargo, who are now making the necessary in- <n that ground alone, be inclined to interfere to- quiries, and who propose to have a competent aud theopportunitylost,whichwillnoverrecuragain, preventit. Butitisquitenaturalthatthe'jiEu- vigorousorganforthecampaign;. Itisalsounder-SACXISTT, BKLCUKC &. Co.. No*.2band30lieaae-st.,N.Y.Mr*. WINSLOW,An axpecionc-ewNnrse aud Female Fbyairfan, has a SOOTHTXO SuLvrrom.Caiu>iun>TSXTHIKO.whichgreatlyfacilitatesthei«f Teething by softening the gtuns and redncing all in-and Douglas, men in equal or other proportions.18th of June had been fixed upon for the levy of If ttey want any help that we can lender, we trust apparent, they have been sedulously- guaided, andmen furnished by the conscription, and the 20th of they will not let bygone differences prevent theirJuneforthedepartureoftheconscriptsforPaler- calling. Wefavortheirech^emeformanyreasons, ofimpressingapeople,eagerintheattainmentof giishshouldprefertostandratherinthepositionstood that The States, which has heretofore been pmoandCatania. Anotherdecreeordersthecol- batprincipallythatitwillbeanadmissionbythe theartsofpeace,withthetruesourceoftheof defending Germany against invasion than of»n—will allay aU pain andis sure to regulate the oo-wels. lection of horses and military stores. Cannons Douglasites that they ate not only dead bat know Depend upon it, mothers, it win give rest to yourselves and re-lief sod health t o roar infants. Perfectly safe in aU cases. had been cast,- and pikes by the thousand had been it. A composite, teseelated ticket can have butthe party will he repre cnted at the Capital by dis-' assistance from them. Hence the English journals,, tinct organizatiOL-s and separate organs, having no much'as they deprecate a continental war, do riot common sympathies- and avowing most hostile,Miili-ti« of bottles are told every year ia tha United States. placed in the hands of the inhabitants. The evac- one purpose—that of throwing the election into how much they hnve lost, and how little they have It is an old and well-tried remedy.PXJCX o * i.i 25 CKTTS A. BOTTUS.Kane gnaudne oulesa the fac simile of Cuxru St Tx&xim,flew-York, is on the outside wrapper.Sold by Druggists throughout the world.uation of Palermo had greatly discouraged the the House, whole Breckinridge has a chance,.but gained, and that they have been unduly impressed•^secametetuaandv» ,,S A:,J> Viaws a» R J » » > . " * ^i-tary and naval establishment, that England should, biorership to run the boundary line between Cali-royal troops. Garibaldi had opened a national Douglas none whatever. H e could not get thesubscription on behalf of the war, which the Arch-bishops and noble families of Sicily responded to. by means of thet>e split tickets, Breckinridge andwith the parade and glitter, of which everybody contemplate with entire complacency the establish- opinions.vote of four States there in any contingency. If, it on receipt of Stamp. Photographic materials The convocation of a Sicilian Parliament, to ratify Lane can get into the, House and Senate, theelse was weary and disgusted.A B E . H U G M E * OJV- 1 X A L T .nient of too firm a continental peace. Since it is impossible, while France keeps up her present mili.' . ; , . T H E CALIFORNIA BOUNDARY.The two principal candidates for the Commis- /i.vtherights of the Bourbons, and the union of Sicily to House, while Lane has a dead certainty inthe report of the lecture of Archbishop Hughes in St.decreeingthe Kingdom of Sardinia under Victor Emanuel, was shortly expected. An insurrection in Calabria i« reported; as also that 2,000 Garibaldians under"^IIFCUKEFORPILES, &C.—Anewremedy ingeffect. ThecivilwarinTurkeyhadcom-.havegivenuptheghost,whichwillmakethecon- charyofputtingforth,anystatementofprinciples BoardofCommissionersofExciseof•TompkinsforBloedtog. Blind and Itching P.le-. Scrofola, Salt Rheuoi. etc.. A Uouid warranted to cure; if not, the money wtU b« refuaded. £Jl~!£d by HBMKV». FOWL*. Chemist,No.71Frmce-»t., SSton! & wbole«b, and ret.il by H w a * * * * Co.. Broad- wayVaodbyalldruggisto. Cortificateswith*achbottle.DARING BUKGLARY WBROADWAY.—Shortly before 7 o'clock on Saturday eveoiog, Officer Jourdan of the Sixth Precinct observed tbiee wnpicious- looking young men at the corner of Broadway and Franklin street, and on watching soon saw them enter the store No. 368Broadway. After remaininginthestoreafew* T n c p . u i t s , © n e o f t h e m c a m e o u t w i t h a r o l l o f s i l k ' velvetunderhisarm, andhailingastagejumpedin. The efficer followed andarrested tbefellow,anda momtz/ alter-saw hi* two companions come out of the 'atorc W$&a «nall tioxk and a package of thirty man-meneed toward the end of May. The Druses were thevictors,andhadburnedseveralfinevilhigeson MountLebanon. TheTurkishsoldierssenttopro- tect the Christians had joined the Druses, and par- ticipated in tbe massacre. The remainder of the news is- devoid of importance. Breadstuff's dull. Consols93&2/93$,foraccount,ex-dividend.test easier'-for the Republicans .throughout thewhatever. He does,indeed, tell,us, with evident County against James B. Taylor and John C. ;tnia* Tne officer stopped tne stage and attempted tothe unusual delight with which they commencetheir homeward journey. Tho_ representatives of their rulers'? .. Does he, or does he- not, hold withTOECANVASSIIVTHESOUTH..The fincal year closed yesterday, a n d t h e bal-a n c e i n t h e T r e a s u r y w a s % J 0 , 0 0 0 , 0 0 0 l e s s t h a n Mr. Cobb estimated in December, although the unexpendedappropriationsexceedthe-averageby about .$5,000,000. This item usually readies about $12,000,000, and is carried forward from" 3ear to )ear, now it exceeds $17,225,000, many largo appropriations, like that for the New York Post Office, having been deferred for one p r e ^ tended reason o r another. As the recent loan whioU Congress authorized is specifically restrictedLI n a n n o u n c i n g , o n e w e e k a g o , t h e n o m i n a t i o n o f DouglasandFitzpatrickatBaltimore,weexpressed our hope and belief that they would outrun Breck- inridge and Lane in the popular vote of the Slave States. Our anxiety to seethe Yanceys and Currys of that section'well flogged by any party-or factionno corresponding right? Does he ord<>es henot rule:' '.'-.'-, K -,.Jefferson that " governments derive their just pow- ' prisoner, but otf eeeing their confederate in custody, ^ that "keeps step to the music of the Union" in certain degree, in the Arts and Sciences; refined "ers from the consent of the governed?"—thatanee'tubem, he at the *ame time holding on to hisan early civilization,' of a people cultivated, to aand dignified in the graces and proprieties of social prisoner gave his name as Creo. Leonard, and had on judgment in the premises; but the declension of life, they are the first of their living countrymen—the people luiv.e a natural, indefeasible right to liquid to produce that ehVct, us is said. .to be the .caserhev dn>pped their plunder, fled, a n d escaped. T h e any and every contingency, may have warped o u r his peraon, beeide the velvet, a set of lock-pick* and an Gov. Fitzpatrick was a very serious incident whichchange o r abolish a n existing rule if they thinkthe first of their countrymen for centuries—who best? We cannot learn from this* discourse that- have voluntarily goneabroad toseeotherlands, hedoesbelieveanythingofthesort—andhissilenceWith spruce beer, ginger beer, lager bier, and some others" " ' ' ;]/:'J- 'This opens up a wide fioW of inquiry. Therejare•ek-Kantgoldwatdtu Hestruggled hard togetfromthe Iflitor, but failing, attempted to induce him, byanofferof$200,tolethimescape. Onexaminingthestoic, it proved to have beea entered bymeins ofalock-pick. ThebuildingwasoccupiedbyLewisgotebacberand Meyer Rosenthal, both dealers m dryoooda, and the property stolen was taken from their We exchange with most of the leading Demo-human stomachs which'can contain enough!-of to the redemption' of the outstanding Trea- sury notes and no other purpose, the Secreta-premise* It was all recovered, and the prisoner was taken before Jnstke Welsh and locked up for trial.cratic journals of the Slave States; and amongthem all -we recognize just tw o of establishedcharacter a n d decided force that support DouglasandJohnson. TheseareTheMobileRegister andThe St. Louis Republican. The latter, though tilldesire to reach their homes, to meet the anxious and fearful friends thoy left behind them, face (;o face, and tell ^em not only how groundless all their fears were, biit what marvels a n d portents their eyeshavebeheld in thestrangelandsbeyondthe unknown seas. The least imaginative, the leasttitle of those rulers to bear sway..Now it were idle to attempt to discuss such a topic Without-some definite understanding a s t olager bier produces intoxication, or that stomach, also human, which can take in eight or ten^galions of t h e same fluid daily withoht' inconveuioujee? Oristheaverage human stomach tobetakena81Mr. Cobb entered office that he has b«eu com- pelledtocarry onthoDepartment upo;* itsown proper resources, and the country will s e e m De- ' cemberhowhesucceeds. $61,000,000have beeu expended during the hut three'yea\* over the ao- tual revenue, includic g the bah».nce lofc by M r.Pierce'sEXHIBITION OFTHXLONDON FIRExjpdon F i « Eecape, imported b y Gen. Graham, and S b y him at the disposal of the Department, w;U jnxhibiteriin th*ParkUHUJ,**'* o'clock under thedirect ofHookandhuUlox CompanyNo.12.essential facts in the case^—might show that/theEacArE.-Thewe did not then foiesee; and the subsequent develis most significant. Indeed, from what he does say aboutpeople'sbeingoften-diS/Satisfiedwiththeir rulers, we infer that he regards this as a matter ofthe growth of other civilizations, tho character, the fromwhatweanticipated. Inshort,theaspectsof manners,thearts,thescieuees,thesocial,thepo-spruce beer, ginger, beer, or lager bier, to prodjuceintoxication,andthereareotherswhicha^e;;|c88;sensitive even if more capacious* What pawtca-opments of Southern opinion have been differentry must now rely entirely upon the receipts from customs and lands to meet the ordinary expenses. They are expected to fall far below his last revised, tstiinatfs, which reduced the figures in Ids annualthe Southern canvass are quite other than we then anticipated. .litical, and the religious institutions 'of otherpeeples. Withwhatardentlongingmustthey course,whichdoes'notand'cannotinvalidatethelarstomachistobetakenasthestaidardhulaaustomach—that stomach wherein a siugle glass of report .<:5,000,000. This is the first ti*»o simoerecently Wing, is able and influential, and its sup- demonstrative, and the mest experienced of thorn portgivesMr.Douglas a chance forthevoteof all,willconfessnowinlissoul,andwhenathomesovereignty of the Romagua was never conferred tbe standard? And if so how shall we strike theon the Popes by the voluntary act, of the people average 1 We fear that this decision of the Court ofAppeals, instead ofsettlingthebeer question,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069AdminiHtiaiiouiu th eTreasury.This*:TB«standing between Napoleon and his neighbors along trust that they ha^e gone back to their own coun- ain is already sufficiently is lated. |f!rity, but believk-g also that in all Christian graces, inthe amenities of social life, in the refinements of persooalgoodbreeding,we areimmeasurably their masters. In their case, certainly, ignorance may be blisp, and also o u r good fortune, for were theyhave they learned of our institutions except that ourBaltimore split have been known in Oregon a tir>natUtica,onThursday,the12th inst. Some cities arelarge, that therace of ourTycoons France, shethreatening India, while Napoleon pointmentwillfinallytuke. Mr.Cunning'snameinmonth ago, it would have gone Republican, as it will overwhelmingly in November.is distinguished by having the head placed awry those of men who have been laboring in the vino- upon the sioulders, and that ten thousand. Amerijard of the " Soft" Democracy for years, and weof the names signed to the call,' w e recognize a sthrows a French army across the English Channel. this connection was not presented by bis immediate As to Austria, at present she would' seemjtj) frieids, but was suggested from another quartercan's are supposed to drink, in one evening,ten t h o u s a n d b o t l e s o f c h a m p a g n e ? T r u e , a n a v yhave her hands quite full in keeping her'bwMflijre n t i r e l y , a n d i t i s k n o w n t h a t w h e n h e w a s c o n -B y t h e s t e a m e r A n g l o S a x o n , a t F a t h e r P o i n t o nSaturday, and the Adriatic at th:s port the same year. They may put up-Bell State and Electoral yard, a printing office, and a glass factory, have to pieces. Moreover, the conduct of England m. filling the place, he advised a-postponement of anydo not believe they mean to do otherwise thisday,'we have European intelligence of the 21st Tickets; bit, jftbey do, they.will never vote for been opened to them. But.they priat books at relation to the affairs of Italy has left the Austrianinst, being five days later than that brought by the home,tlurogh not in our manner; our glass to their thenL Cudous citizens will please keep an eyecompacted and dissatisfied empire from tumbling sulted after Judge Daniel's death, in regard-to- immediate selection, inasmuch as there was noevents,SupposeaquarreltoarisewithFrance—:acon-THELATESTNEW& tingency which, in spite of all the friendly profes,torestthosefeelingsofjealousyandalarmrojjiscjd- <fferwasmade. ThePresident'spergonal desire them,buttheyhaveseennothingoftheaverage ihroughoutGermanybytheItalianwar,andonly istoprovideforJudgeBlack,,butthereareob-of the.shops of lour large cities has been shownacquirement of all useful knowledge, except in a the success of a French- invasion of England julrj-;lew rare instances, which make the rule more mtite dangers to herownindependence, and might,regarded in the interest of Mr. Douglas, is to be- wealth and power of Christian .civilization. But being defended by her—or having the Germans come absolutely so by purchase. Both wings*ofJet us hope that the Japanese have not found outlooking to her for assistance rather .'than,of askingWepriut ekewhere th'.s morning, a condensed be entirely free from apprehensions, she preferscomplacency,thatthePapalruleovertheRomagoa McWhorter,wlroclaimedthattheyhadarightto dickerontheparj;oftheSofts,letitbyallmeans•originatedintbeabandonmentofItalybythesellstrongbeerwithoutalicense..IthadbeenhfeldNorth-West. So, if there be any inclination, tobe encouraged. ' Eastern Emperors, and the consequent invocation by the People of the Pope to become their protec- THE JTA1PAHESK OUTWARD BOl^D. tor and ruler. That seems to us a very legiti-T/IK Ha aid's mare's nest of Messrs.. rireckin- clusive, no other paper can have that news.TheNiagarasailedonSaturdaywiththeJapan-ese. H e who has felt the rare pleasure of turninghisfacehomewardafteralong absence,"strangec o u n t r i e s f o r t o s e e , " " w i l l r e j o i c e w i t h t h e s estrai.geTsthat that pleasant point is reached intheirtravels. Nevertheless,Avecan only imaginemateandvalidfoundationoftitle. Butdoesthe andinthecaseofThePeopleagainstWheelock,Archbishop hold that,though the people *ot Romagha,a thousand years ago, had a right to make thisc h o i c e , t h e R o m a g n o l s of t o - d a y h a v e n o e q u i v a l e n t ,iholdthatthewillofapeople—oftheactual,living people—has any rightful* potency in the choice of-"Butonesafeandsensiblelioeofdistinctioncanbe drawn bttwctn ihc difl'erent kinds of liquor con&ining alcohol, in order to deteimitjO upon wnich of thetnjthe statnie was intended to operate; ana that is, betwfcen those which are capable of tajosing into^icwiOn imd thoso'containing so i-mall a per cemage of alcohol that the human stomach catnot contain sufficient of thefirst principles.W e might expend a column in-provingt h eArchbishopentirelywronga s t otA eUntitled Documentfornia and Utah are William M. Browne, of The rather t o share these appiehensions with others Constitution, and S>lvester Mowry, Delegate fromit was even held that the word " beer" comeslwj rli- m the statute. The Court: new. however, from! in- d e p e n d e n t c o n s i d e r a t i o n s , l a y s d o w n t h e f o l l o w i n gTHETREASURY.?<* [www.fultonhistory.com 