 .\6Four Days Later from California.NEW-YORKDAIL YTRIBUNE,m ,--*Ktrf*«*~*"')r-"TUESDA Y ,would notalter,the day of .departure. There will bo, (Civile innubordintttion, fmrnrreotlon » * . " » « * « > "JL_.«£* *-JUBETV AIimO F TK&> \ ATLANTIC.interpreter, and also instructed the officials on the fal*-"United"States Consul, had two interviews with theand to assist.., Everything, in fact, was done to carry Captain on board the frigate, but no arrangement C)ur Minister 'is desirous that they shall go direct to lie iutegrity of tbi*factor,• :• The steamer Atlanti« arrived on Monday morningutterancetotb-ir loyaltyto,andIOYVfor thefrom AHpinwall, bringing us, through Freeman & eteamers could not run above Vancouver. «'" IUar so, if I did not feave it oa'the^ble, v)her91 pat, at I thongbt, all my mone7 in my porte^onnaie." So tbe table, and ev*ry other po««bhj or probableCo., later dat«. from San Fr*n«ifseo, in the short sp&se of 29 day» and 20 hears from the latter port to this.TU-ltSIft's KXTOKT—STEAMSHIP ATLANTIC.The North Atlantic Steamship Company's steamer Alton tic, JR. H. Pearson commander, left New-York Dec. 2**, at ?i o'clcck, and: arrived at Aspfctv&U at 6J p, m,, Dec. 27, making the run in 7 days and 4 hoars.The Portland Oregonian, speaking about tho action ; nit.}, in a second conference, the matter was arranged, return to this port and remain until February, to pro-PUBLICThe Pacific Mail Steamship Company's steamer So. nora, F . R. Baby commander, left Son Francisco Dec "W at 10 a. m., in company with the steamer Orizabagress of the United States, praying the passage of a law making appropriations, either in money or land's^ner B. Hubbard, Andrews Peterson, and Wm. Thomp- son, were drowned in the Amoor River, 24 miles from Nicholassky. on the 28th of AtiLfust last.The captain, mate, and four seamen were on a wliale,t carrying an anchor and chain, the anchor slung outside' Mr. OWENS opposed it, so far as railroads were con- cerned.Mr. GKNET stated that be was suffering from a cold, which he was informed he had caught in consequencethigh, and was e Howe was arrt where l?e baa sinpulco, passed steamer Certez, bouad tot San Francisco. D e c 31, at 9 a. m., 858 miles from Panama, saw steam- er Uncle Sam. The Sonora arrived at Panama Jan. J, at 3 p. no., making the passage in 12 days and 5 hoars. The' passengers and treasure arrived in Aspin- wsll the same evening; also, 12tans gold and silver ore, for New-York.'' The Atlantic left Aspinwall at 12| o'clock a. m. Jan. 2, with-254 passengers and $1^788,6€6 19 in treasure, and arrived in New-York Jan. 9 at 6 a. m., making the ran in 7 days and 5£ hours. ".The following is the treasure hst of the Atlantic:the bow> When ihecham brought up to the anchor, a est way to get to a fire was to take the nearest rail- "Y«, though not very c'oe*ly, be^auee I did not heavy one, weighing 850 pounds, it took tho boat down road. But they found that when the snow was salced,OroW.... »•••»•»! *>2,800 Scholie k. Bro....$34.«)0ing the forts for an empty form, which waa moreovernot put in writing when the arrangement for the pay-ment of the money was made. The mon*y being paid, from whom we have obtained the following details:a pleapant little anecdote yet to tell connected with it.Hi 'Mr.-'res *m\2di»eU'a,figh«; < ' trjButchor is. HroTin*. G. Hand it Co...5.000 J. Ernitein it Bro 2,000 Ja*. Patrick it CoThree days after its loss, we went out of town oh .the\ SlKolKn#,l^o. 9^ JC. U.Qrtu.tk.Co. SLO. k t d l i Co B. Cohnfc Co..Dover Plains train, and on Lbc way onoof the passen-Mr. SEAGKIST moved to lay on the .table. Lost. bi: 1»d eevctt.1 othe:..•J. I>. "*OI*»..••.•••»••• J. H. Cojhill........... J. RtrwM, Bro. it Co...T. Nickoroon it Co..... Tuner BroaA.Rich it Bro......... W . P#Kgor,«xi it CoT « f » , MeCahiH it Co.. J. K. JSVwton it Co.... y. Cw'-ii k Co 1 Dekhaxn It Co... ....... K«rl»y,Bynio It Co.... R-cw*. faleonor it Co... TMro. J M f r e r . . . . . . . . . . . . TreadweD it CoOrdrr......Jwcoo H»eht. Cro«. &Co. Wm, T. Coleman *. Co. DoWirt.JKittJoitCo..J. KeBor fe BxoD. Hamburger..........J4.G2Cr iS*ji«ricCo-16,800 Juaninzu k Browner... 66 228 Amoriean Ea. Bank.... 17,000 A M. Behoont it C o . . . .arelaiddownasbeingbuttwomilesofffromthe.mainW . H l U e r i t C oi»••»•For the next succeeding four days, Capt. Blanehard, with his cr«w, endeavored to fcave all the cftrgo and portions'of the wreck possible, at the'end of which time a steamer hove in fight, proving to be the Russian war steamer Japanese, commanded by Ca^fc. Scott,.posite ? j Very weli ; three oajs ago she occupied the Thursday, when the Standing Committees will be an- same feat, upon your morning trip down, and after-, S60 Eogeno Kelly it Co.... 2,968 til.,ldonfc WiUiam«i....the seat occupied by Mr. Barry wa« receivedtThe protest was referred to a special Committee of gers called that model conductor to him and said, with •M-v~20,500 Conxoyii O'Connor 1,300 R. MrjuW k O. Adama. 6,#>0 EocenoK«:jy k Co.... S.500 J. Parker «ii Son.2.200 American Ex. Bank.... 5,300A.HRj«<ubaarnkCo.of "Viator":" Business having lately taken me into the county ofcaused uJl the trouble, Gen. Corouado, was' dying a miserable death at 2 o'clock. •morning of the 4th, after baffling winds and rain, and during a strong breeze and thick weather, they ran upon the rocks adjacent to the inland of Okosi, in thefive.A communication was received from the Mayor, &copy of which will be found in the proceedings of the Board of Councilnjen.Mr. COHKEIX.:moved that the Message bo referred totheCommitteeon8<iWrie«andOffices.A Special Committee was appointed on the Tax Levy. iA communication was received from Judge "Welsh, stating that the apaitments astigned him in the City Hall.weresodamp and badly venti'atedthathohad given tbem up to the Mayor.a serious tone and,grave look: SiJij VBanta, I am going to enter a complaint against yoaabout the sweeping of tfce care."Banta looked astonished,."Why, whatisthematternow? Thebrakementell me tbst'they take out tt-ese mats and thoroughly SAvecp out the cars every morning."Just tben, the man who did the sweeping cameinto-jfesr jttA -vuta Jiving oye r £tr.'<rV ..'ihe-afiT»y. T h eKj>pbi*cr k. CoHC u»«««r fc Co.........A. "K. Tilton. ...........J.OeUsmkk tc»BktMg A\ Park '......... 4,000 Robert*, Morrison & Co.^Tepic was attacked by Lozado, on the 7th inst.; atheparticularsoftheminingoperationsupontheFre- feverefightwascarriedonwithinitswallsforseven Japan-Sea. The&erocks,inCapt.Collineoa's"Chinam *R'\v»te. t n « street, -w 57,0m Richard Patrick 2,000'JL Von Hoffman k 9,00CBalli>.k Sunder...of therebtilt of my inquiries may not be uninteresting aifiair, and that hundreds have perished. On the 7th,toyonr readers. the town was delivered by Cordono to Lozado. Coro« island, whereas they are now proved to be from six" I visited the celebrated Josephine and Pine Tree nado <lied a day or two before from tbe effects of an and a half to seven miles distant. The strong currents,juries were not c xence was not m jJ^J;worse, howeyer,57,000 Duncan, Sherma* k Co. 54,200' Bnab k, Corn<toek 15.298 C W. Crotbj8,400 HarboakkCo72,113) Alphou» Hardy k. Co...7.S00 M«tropolfraR Sank R.405 Amerisan Ex. Bank.... 8,858 Chaa, A. T ownMnd . . . .2O,«0jCHa». A- Town4end 8,000 Metropolitan Bank.v. 8,k00 W m . Hlo,ge & Co.:j ,. .'rt .•?;«.ikeetketoof thknedy wasarreeteJWow which end«, ;»nflici<utly strong85.000, WelU, Karjco k 35.000.Weii^Fmxgo W.mlNWUdtwr Bxo*„....S,500J»"re«n>an k Co.... ... 1X.00O h'T+enuuik CoSUMMARY OF THE NEWS.FROM WESTERN UTAH.A telegrmfrom Genoa dated the 18th inst., says:" The first Legislature of the new Territory of Ne- who consented to lay by long enough to take off ihaward discovered that while Bbe had her portemonnaie op*n the must have dropped a $2 50 gold piece. Tot* day, while eitting book in hand reading, some one pass-From Oar Own Coxroapoadost.SAR FRAKCISCO, Dec. 20,1859.tbe efTemiDase entomological bill-stick*r»inyour winter- frozen and sammcr-burned cBmes."R.H.DanahassotyeisailedforChina..The schooner Page and bark Onward arrived from Japan on,the 18th inst,, both bringing cargoes of Ja-panesegoods.I have the best authority*for saying thatthe ore fromminerals to the patentee. This was enough, one would, to draft a memorial to Congress, to expedite the forma- . Capt./Blanehard was received with the greatest pos-have thought, to appall the stoutest heart, and to repress tion of tho new Territory. The Legislature then ad- sible hospitality on board the steamer, and with histhe most determined.energies. But, nothing daunted, journed until tbe first Monday in'January. The snow men, arrived at Hakodadi on the 11th, but not before sition was adopted. -Opbir works. Tht>te works were, by the recent de-rocks, where he arrived after a tedious passage of ten entitled to the tj>-n»-.fit« of thi* duty. Political communities are The men and what fragments of the wreck they bad reach and cover every class of persona without distinction.gathered up were taken, off and carried to Hakodadi. Nearly *>very city haa some individual characteristic, and reliea aintii)£«Jby the old masters, including Diego Velae- npon some peculiar advantage. Nev/-\ ork i.s emphatically such uez, Sebasthrn Bourdon, Bure#hel, Rot lenajrxjr, Bat*which he has since obtained possession, he is runniugstamps, which are kept goingnight and day. These 72 by dispensation of Providence, of our esteemed dele- and family, and his efficient meobures for their welfare streets is, in the main, compo»ed of strangers. A very lirg« pro-arrived here «•«"« and, duringtiie watche* and oilpancy were tbe workmen of the Merced Mining Com-ment, until Congress should giye us justice and pro-tection. Since our election, we have been deprived, The warmest commendations are due to Mr. Consul a citv. It may be called a cosmopolitan oity. The movingTins ill lnck c . . and in Pacrame:pany when the aforesaid Company were unablo topay, and in consequence turned over the mills somemonths since to these men to run intil they should ob-tain their does. They bad considerably lessened theamount due them from the Merced Mining Company;yet a large amount in the aggregate was still anp<ud,m consequence of which they declined to give upRice for his kindness toward the crew, Capt. Blanehard th/ong which gives »o much life and animation to our leadinj toni, Murillo, and others. AJso a large number of mod-.wind, be WUPal committed b^ h «un against Lis foot. He wasC o : . .152,000 32,000 29,400 21,700 4,472lanyards w ere the iide.cut and themasts permittedto goover»Kk.Co...Co..veins, also the several mills in the possession of Col.the mills upon the demand of the officer. They uekedtime to consider and to consult with Col. Fremont.. $12 a tan.. The are is very uniiorm in its yield, and ismade by Judge Cradlebaugh to establish the United the arrival of Com. Popoff with the fiag-ship, with coming and going to and from New-York, to whdm the bulk of in New-York, being ua iovtrcase of 71 ixpoti &<*previouf i ai#? unhappy lady,which was considerately granted by the Under-Sherifi.They held a meeting, and appointed a committee offour for such consultation. The conference was held,and through the magnanimity and generosity of Col. value have been , opened up by other par- Fremont, the arrangement was effected, and the prop-States District Court .in this district. Coming among whom the decision remained. Capt. Blanehard arrived our people axe unkuowutind of whom we know'notMng.us as he. did, with tho prestige of his noble stand here on board the Emma on Friday last. •* This great aggiegate forma avoluable staple of pecuniary profit.against Salt Lake legislation, we at once yielded to. Thoee who subsist npon iuoustry derive largely from the advan- him and his Court -all the respect ever accorded in any The Hesperian was two years old, and belonged to tages of tlii* itinerant mass. It hus formed one of tho. chiefiant expectavo: united to her hi .about twenty-i_ .. l>ody.The following IheCityof >'ewerty at Mt. Ophir delivered to the Under-Sheriff, and ties; these will probably be leased to the parties in possession, and I am probably below theBoston, where she was owned by Messrs. Blanehard resources of trade, and may be said to have become an indispen- community, but notwithstanding all his endeavors, Sherman & Co. She had a yearly policy of insurance sable commercial reliance. For tho time nciujt. this mass of backed by the good wisheB of the people, the so-called strangers, while here, must bo considered as a portion of the pop- laws of Utah Territory, have proved to him an insur- in that city, and it is supposed that she was partially ulation, entitled not only to equal but to additional protection toby 'him. turned over to it« owner. Col. Fremont, by mark when I say that the net income of this magnifi-this arrangement, agreed to pay the Merced Mining Company's indebtedness to the men, amounting in the aggregate to some $7,000, although he (Col. Fremont}cent estate will eventually amount to $100,000 a month. Tbe greatest difficuhy now to be overcome is in con- veying the qnartx from th« mines to the mills. This ismountable hairier. We have now en route to Wash- China trade. ington ns delegate to Congress', to represent us and ourwishes, John J. MuBser, unanimously elected by thenicipal regulations demands more care and instruction than areafforded to tboce who compose tbe stationary part of the com- Lead 12, and heart 2; bcarlet fever, 44—typhoid 3, andtmunity. Justice and humanity, as well as sound policy, there- typhus 3; heart disease, 10; hooping cough, 6; inflam- :,, !?-vi; •• <A i\The officers Of the .Russian war-sbip in oar harbor have been well entertained here. Thev went, on the evening of the 16th, by invitation to Maguire s Opera House, to hear tbe English opera troupe. The orches- tra played the Russian National Anthem, " YankeeDoodle," &c., ami* great applause.Four hundred Pitt River Indians spent several daysREMOY AJL|superintendence to Hi. R. L . D'Aumaile of San Fran- here last week, on their way to the Mendocino Reser- cisco. !,vation,-whither they have been ordered by the Indian " The mining company of Castillo Lanzas, has out,ernment under that distinguished statesman as we over had;.and would much prefer him to any one of theJANUARYmere, attended with two Government officers and aiqv the GoVernor, accompanied.by Mr.JMilter, "acting tw^vCommisrtiohert and " sc,ventyftwo ntt^hdants °ff "rSmfnMnd whea*««najltte5 wJtbln the State, w•&•» tee. .V-->:-.W^-'.'t ^fc^atNo.^6 ago, npon her morn.from N*w-York, w h i t h S . ^ J;*if advice will J>>^0, enable iH tb« stance^it being the first that has occured during the' next day they mot on board the American clipper praise for the manner in which he surmounted an oJd- rotiolvc.d to maintain the one, and obey the other, our cordial other •bfllfog*, in woe of the money^pendin,, w a ! ^ / V ' gnmrMtiort, thewrecked'people with tbe Government schooner Ono-,, the British frigate Amethyst, Rosales, the Secretory $ fCITY ITEMS.THE LOST GOL» l>ixcj5.--"Oh inwher h icut, in the fullest,sense ol the word, the terms of thoj Whatever could be arrived at, and the Amethybt.kept Washington, and stop at no other point; therefore the peopJe.lNrirth and South, will rullyto tbebanuer of the Oon-he people, Ki boil with «lad- Jxipaneee-Aoierican treaty, for the protection and as-1 the jpbrt closed for three weeks. Capt.' Grentell then California standsin danger of not being seen by them dilution in *» ort of om glorioua Union. v> «Tbi*was tbe question trfa r « W f g S. .sistance of onr countrymen in distress. They seemed', proposed a-conference between himself and the Gov- —a circumstance which Oalifornians will much regret. flue!IS J*ys asd 20 Bows from Port to Port particularly desirous to show their zeal in this in-; ernorin person, which- the latter, agreed to, and the: Our Minister, Mr. Harris, deserves the ^eatest trfotf*mbyfnun<;niea»seinbHe«ofoar Northern brethren, and«. • I$1,788,634 IN GOJLD.we tender to all union mm, under 'he ConatJtotton, who are jurisdiction of tbe Governor of Hakodadi, since the Sparkling Sea-—there being present also Mr. Cortez, establiebed law—that Japanese should never leave the (nrjnpothy and cooperation.been by tbe Hariem Railroad, conpend ibo§e a3K*f t r e a t y . " • <-•'.•<>• •• • .'•• • :; • \ - - \ • Mr. Aleua, Mr. AvellarOj and the British Consul. The Island under pain of death—and in having Japauese lietolved. That we resp*»'ctfolry reqneat tiie peopilo of trrvrj amply provided a&oot the time of the holidays. - .. . TWe have dates from Portland, Oregon, to the 7thinst. >. ::.; -';.-•;•'• • ] The Columbia River was blocked np with ice so thatCaptain speaking Spanish very fairly, most of the visit America before any other laud, although greattty m jveniocicy, ana m. cfiB'tue other State* of tn«Union meeting*, without distinction to arty, and giveOf conrae tbe answer' wa*-^. | :'•** Ho, I have not eefn it; have yon loitic Vx ' *V•^iBijueei ye«tcr<Jataken by the late Pacific Railroad Convention, held in this city, says:"Oregon is more directly and deeply interested inthe Pacific Railroad than any State in the Union, and ment in bis Consulate with military honors'," &c.yet our officials and the party in power treat the whole, "Three days passed without any steps being taken jubject with indifference and ridicnle. That apology by the Government to pay the moneyv-nlthough Capt. for a Governor, John Whiteaker, has refused any ae-tion in the'matter.place i where a' little yold coin coald bide about the The Board of Aldermen met at 5 p. m., the Presi- bonce'was fcarchf.d; but the timing face of Libertyiaet, sufT^ring fi | j>een mflicied by the Coroner **'.;f^v%fB# '€timd On 1a^> street, -where d«^He found it necessary, at last, to fix a period in which The passengers and newspaper express crossed early ' A. J. Thayer, District-Attorney of the United States the money,had'to be paid on board, andno attention•^''fntoxication- CI "Why, Mstry, bow could you loseit? Can yoa r' " f&Ad tbe Istter ifor the Districtof Oregon, has ioiwaraed bis resigna- having been paid t.o this, be brought the Amethy it be- tion to Washington." • low the battery, and prepared for action. Great was The Portland News Rays: . the excitement that now prevailed with the people on . " A petition is in circulation in this city, te the Con- Bhore? who could not be. persuaded before that the captain was in earnest, and what they might have done at leisure they were now obliged t<> doinacouple for the purpose of constructing a good wagon road of hours, if tbey djd not want their defenses bomr across the Cascade Mountains, said road to commence barded. The money was at last found, and deposited Dec. 23, at 8 a. m., 774 miles from San Francisco at or near the residence of Mr. P . Foster, on the west in the French Consulate, as the British Consul refused spoke the Company's steamer John JL. Stephens side of tbe mountains, and to continue to a point in the to receive it w^h the knowledge that Capt. Grenfell bound np. Dec 26, at 4 p. m., 118 miles above Aca- Walla-Walla Valley east of tbe mountains." wanted to have it paid on board. Mr.Cortez went onon tbe morning of Dec. 28, and left Panama on the same-?ay for San Francisco. The passengers of the North Star left 22 hoars afterward.under command of MOSOH W. Lay ton, who, with Tur- punishable by a fine of $100 o $250.out money?"" Ob, no, for I mi*«cd it in tbe car?. I wasshowhigUncle my money, and as soon a* I took it oat, I rev" ^ ^ s qnarrelsoc t-v^itoiter ;-which 0: yfsi ^^smi^^The Legislature at Washington Territory organized board jnet in time to prevent the firing, and obtained at Olympia-on the 5th of December. The following another hour's, respite in wbich to pay the money on are the chief officers of the Senate: President, the board through a Mexican officei?—the captain refusingWe have dates from Victoria to the I2th inst.Gov. Donglaes has dissolved the Vancouver Island Assembly, and another house will soon be elected.This is, in fact, a direct tax on the miners.NOTES OF A VISIT TO FREMONT'S-MINES.Vlion, » addition.Hon. H. J. Maxon, of Clark County; Chief Clerk, A. to receive it from him either on shore or on board.J. Moses, of Olympia; Assistant Clerk, James La Due. " I n the meantime the Governor wrote a letter to The House organized as follows: Speaker, the Hon. the Captain, remitting tho certificate of deposit in the J. D. "BikB, of Clark County; Chief Clerk, J.T.Turner, French' Consulate^ and refusing to take the money on of Island; Assibtant Clerk, D. F. Newson, of San board the vessel. The excitement on shore rose to a Juan.by the bow with a run. j . The Russian authorities took charge .of the. vessel.road companies carefully washed the feet of their sboep, a fjhawl, or an umbrella, or a parcel, because all rGov. Douglass has issued a proclamation, fixing aduty of twelve shillings ($3) a tun on all merchandiseshipped into Rriush' Columbia, from New-Wcsiminstcr. common humanity, which would not admit of bombard-Mr. OWEKS continued, his opposition. •railroad companies, but a poor one for the people. .* Imove the previous question.. *Carried, 10 to /.The ordinance was then passed by a vote of 16 to 1. The invitation of Mohawk Engine Co. to the Boardto Attend their balJNvaa accepted.The protest of George P> Bickford in reference toSo it was given np as lout, and no one interested iaita value thought more of it. But we have not doneyet with the story of that little gold coin. W e harp i f v - .stamps, from the best iniormati«jn I can get^ will crush H tuns of quartz per day. Treated in the usual mode, the ore averages about $23 to the tun; with Thayer's amalcanoator, which the Colonel is rapidly adopting in all his mills, the average yield is more than doubled. The coet oi quarrying, carting and--crushing is aboutgate to Congress, James M. Crane, whoso whole ener-gies were devoted to the best interests of our people,during the six weeks of their stay at that port.' They would have been taken on board ,one of the Russianportion of thotewho may be daily found npon our principal ern artifits, in all some 200 valuable works of art thoroughfare (Broadway) are non-residents or new comers. worthy of notice by connoisseurs and others.Every clime, every nation, and every part of our own country isupposed to be inexhaustible. The Josephine vein is 60 l?et in thickness, and is said to be one of the most valuable in the world. Beside the Josephine and the Pine Tree, some six or seven other veins of greatdvd not owe them a cent. Such voluntary assumption a laborious and expensive process, and it may prove in people to fill the vacancy occasioned by the decease of THE REAL SENTIMENT OFSOUTHERN fore, dictate that proper facilities should be afforded for its pro-tection. . Provision should also be made for gianting Information, mation of the bowehs. 8—of the brain 4, lungs 33, facilitating the progress, audrendering agreeable tho sojourn of allwho toa>« among us with good motives. We would' thus en- stomach 4. throat 2, and womb 1; infantile marasmus, courage t luiptitioa from abroad of. the industrial chuseu, aa wellas induce the mere opulent from ail parts of the world to a«ck 16-, measles, 10/ palf>y,4; small-pox, 3; teething, 4;of debts of other panics to get possession of one's own is somewhat rare, we opine, bat it was done, and* , '..?;"..•i-. •done more, we suppose, to amicably settle the loog- by constructing a railroad of five miles in length.eddtoing difficulties in that propexJynamed Bear Valley . than for any other reason. Bat it may be said at last, n o t e , t h a t t b e s e i d i f f i c u l t i e s a r e , t o a l l a p p e a r a n c e , e n d e d ,FLEMINGSBURG, FLEMING CO., Ky., Jan. 2, '60.impossibility, such is the wild and broken character of unexpected at the time of our late Convention. The titoiul, u/Untie, and social development age, 9; poison, 1;. premature birth, 6; accidental•-.-.bad weather impracticable to keep them_ninning. But the lamented Crane,and in whom we have the most im- Col. Fremont is preparing to overcome this difficulty plicit confidence. ,PROPERTY-OWNERS.Ifo. of mdo p«ri*.ot ' jR^fexuAlejMtie^taAgent, though Gen. Kibbe, their captor, intended tosend them to the-'Tejon Itcservation, in the southern avei aging about two marcs to the cargo, equal to about in'tbe first steamer.part of the State. They were placed on a sail-ing vessel here, to be landed at Mecdo- metals contained in the ore. This metal is put on boardwas soon to go to. Japan. Winhiiigyou the complimentB'of tho neason, I remuin, truly, Sankolinsin, the hero of the battle of Taku, has ad- youTM. c. P. MITCHELL.1 •«a "..Xreudy for shipment, about 4,000 cargos of silver metal, $65 per tun for the silver, exclusive of leud and otherhae in the Powhatan, and was to start for Hong KongThe British war-ship Cruiser was at Shanghac, and Buchanan stamp. .by Michael Rhine as a junk-shop and dwelling. The fire originated in the rear part ^of the building, which was stored with all kinds'of juhk, and, before it could be extinguished, the stock was badly daraagod. The alarm of lireinthislocalitycreated no little excitement,see them while they were hi Ccunp at North Beach. Th*v did not think there were so many people in the world.decided that the Japanese Government will send Com- from the Amoor River and Hakodadi, hriugingCapt. Ci ptain Stone left surveying for the East, their head- missioners to America, to start on the 22d February**Capt. Blanehard d*rfres us to particularly speak tressing time, who. by the request of the Ajaerieanwill then be free to tho-public. It will oaose consid-erable extension of telegraph linejlj, and yill give rise teagco<|dealofoomi>etition,;;/.;V'-.!•<,;.-r?ffneeeHebrewSociety,EobertGordoa,oftheStAifc?MUWJjugurn,wno,uy wierequeir*w.w«?AU*K>Li<*on. Consul at Hakcxladi (Mr, E. & Rice) furnished ship- Ir.•v. jUntitled Document'*,' ,^S8SSEI ii*tf :lx low the old works.conversationwasneldbetweenhioiandtheGovernordirect,5 and the basis of au arrangement was arrived atafter many hours of discussion., A day later (the 29th of the Japanese is a fixed fact. The Powhatan willoxMtit'ition andMEETINGS.through the Government paying, or promising to nay, the moneyj and the Captain withdrawing some of the conditions first demanded about. Mr. Allsopp's reinstate-tect Americans. Mr. Ward and the officers of tho Powhatan speak in the highest terms of the Japanese, and are loth to leave hcrej evoo temporarily.From The San Franchco Alto. California, Dee. 21. AltRIV AL OF THE E.M.HAT-NA1UUTIVE OF-T.HE.XIOSSGrenfell delivered up the captured vessels on the 30th.OF HEK CAPTAIN, MATK, AND TWO SEAMEN—GEN- ent.. '':•"'•''. .'.:•;'.>,EROSITY OF THE Ri/SSXAN GOVERNMENT.—Theschooner Emma, Capt. Luut, arrived yesterday, in 52days from.Japan, with a cargo of rice, oil, isinglass, sented. '•'.'' < /.It wa» » i \ . . .high degree at this time. Shops were closed, doors barricaded, and so forth. But time passed on, and night closed in before anything was done. In the morn- ing, the captain agreed to receive the money from the hands of Mr. Cortex or his clerk, on board his vessel, moved, no doubt, to this alteration in the conditions byand steward. Capt. De Fries, who has lately been through. '•-., '; ''coin found in tbdjcluft, would naturally become a peTrhe did not woi reopmmitited u>t* Gran^^Jory. TJ ^5 jeers of age.the port is now open, and the Amethyst at liberty to Tho bark Hesperian was on a voyage from Sbaug- The Democratic Standard of Sacramento publishes continue he'r coasting trip. At the time when Mazatlan hae, by way of Hakodadi, to the Amoor River.fcThey the foJlo'wuJg as a communication over the signature was tbjifi near being bombarded, the man who had left Hakodadi on the 3d of September, and on the.»>JMariposa, curiowty led mc to make some' inquiry intomont Grant, of which I hadhenrd so much. A report days. All accounts agree that it was a most bloody pilot" (a Standard work of reference for navigators),fr-f' -them*^e Chnrcamputation of Lis left leg,in which he had got severely Fremont,aswellas the Mount Ophir Mill,formerly wounded,aswellasinotherpartsofhisbody. Tepic owned by the Merced Mining Company. By the final has cost the Liberals the lives of Pena, Valenznera,'anddecision of the case entitled' * Bidale Boggs agt. the Coronpdo, all three brave men, and the loss of whomsubject tc tbe changes of winds experienced there, together vitb the thick weather, was the cause of the disaster. 7vada, met and organized last evening at the house of J. crew, but could not stop to'saye iny property. Upon B.Blaie of Genoa. O. H; Pierson of Curson City this, Capt. Blanehard deemed it prudent to"take pas-was elected Sneaker, H. S. Thompeon, Clerk, and J. sage in her to Hakodadi, to procure further assistance.A. McDougal, Sergeant-at-arms, The proceedings Seven of the crew refused to stay by the wreck; and met with a;great deal of enthusiasm. Governor Roop took passage aleo in the steamer. The remainder,fonuAxx mosjketoe*, however, will bear more cold than that a patent of the United States carried no right in the. were passed, and a Committee of three were appointed, steward, remained in charge. -BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.The Board met yesterday afternoon, Mr. JONES, the ing, accidentally knocked the book to the floor. SheThe wsaiher continues clear and pleaoant. We shall of bis property, which was confirmed to him as early soon stand in need of rain again; we have bad none as 2856; Already embarrassed with the expenses of litigation, almost the whole grant in the possession of - nnce tbe 29th nit. A few days ago I killed some mas- adverse claimants, his credit was prostrated by the ketoesy nyisg a boat, in my bed-room, which has no fire first decision La the- Biddle Boggs case, in whichit was mitornearitandaJwayshastbewindowsopen. Cali- m«8tstrangelyheldbytbeSupremeCourtofCaliforniaPresident, in tbe chair. The lobby was crowded to excess with the friends of the new members.stooped to pick it up, and there upon the floor, just.... .••. .Fremonttoiledon,andatlengthfiidshisunparalleled exertions crowned with complete success. . He whom this unfortunate decision apparently beggared |s now in the jiossessicn of a principality. No man deserves more to enjoy the|fruitof hislaborsthanCol.Fre- mont. His very enemies must admire the fortitudeMIdisappearingrapidlyintheValley." experiencing a typhoon on the Strait* of Soongor. TheBrooklyn Ferry Lease*.—The resolution laid ' The following is a copy of the Governor's Message: wbich swept tbe Japan Sen, reached the rocks anq over at t^ie la*t meeting, directing the Controller not *' Having been duly elected by you as Executive of wreck, completely destroying the latter, ani very to take any farther proceedings to effect the sale of theis disastrous for the Liberals in this State;"Mr. Reicke, of Augsburg, Ricke & Co.,.who hadTbe bark struck between 2 and 3 o'c ock in the morning, while it was yet dark. The rockB were bold; arid as she wex.t bows >n, hOr stern was in deep waterA biK of The N. Y. Mentor of $185 for advertising the official canvass of the late election was referred to lbe Finance Committee.Merced Mining Comoany,' Col. Fremont recoveredthe Mount Ophir Mill, and by the judgment of.theDistrict Court in 'Fremont agt. Crenshaw and others,' again been imprisoned l>y Coronado, in order to ex aid no possibility of getting an archor out to heavebe was adjudged to be entitled to tbe possession of the torting money from him, fell sick while in prison, was her off. She immediately commenced leaking, and, $617 60 as the moneys received a« fines for violation of 4 Black Drift/ from which the Mount Ophir Mill was carried t3 his house and died two days afterward. despite the pumping, was full of water by 9 o'clock, Corporation oidintjnces during the month of December.at which time, tho weather huviug cleared np, the land to the execution of the process of the law, I am happy been great, and although of a weak constitution, there was in night. Finding that she was h* cling off shore," Then," said the gentleman, " you are a very honest sweepei, and would not pick up any Jittlc thing that a person bad accidentally lent on the tloor.";ThtnJturningtotheconductor,hesatdr"B::nta, do you see that young lady in the seat op» sdeath, and Dra. 1 tern Examination thatdece«»«l ca thebraincaused.of the blow witl by the Coroner i in tbe affray, an< he having been: Tbe Coroner's jnirning. The tyears ofage, an ja wife and four*A SAD QnKrry Btance,illustrs'i3 terday (Dec. 13).ateemer Oriz«ba search of her hoi ard Burfeed,CJB< IJ. Barstow, law Mo«rr had left mouth* agoi stuci him>y JOT.wife iand, after wairinabsent one, tbe J - in search of her • that some cuiatherefore, to M Tfngemcnta for Withtheintrodifed. Although come resistance was at first threatened His moial sufferings during the last six months haveThe Controller sent in a summary of expenditures for 185$*, $6,699,44$ 89 on city or Treasury account, and $12,322,072 15 on trust or special account; total, §19,021,52104.;The annual report of the Public Administrator was received.• to hear that better counsels have prevailed, and that theColonelisnowinpeaceable and quiet possession of what has been adjudicated to him by the highest tribunul in the land." Col. Fremont is well known for the indefatigable perseverance and indomitable etergy with which he bas'prosecuted bis several Explorations. These were but as child's play to the obstacles which he has en- countered and gallantly overcome in getting possessionis no doubt that his death was precipitated through theoutrageous treatmenthereceivedatthehandsof Coronado."About 600 of the Liberal troops, and a number of families from Tepic are now on the road hitlier."and likely to slide off the rock into deep water, theerty, we held our elections, and made all necessary ar-rangements for the formation of a temporary Govern-eand who carried with him to the grave the kindesteffortshavebeenmadetohavetheminEnglandfirst.Documents passed yesterday by which tho departure Union of the United fttatea.: "'^J>x»»^ His.steamers again, but owing to the restrictions existing mav find representatives theie. It is not an exaggerated state- God.' other influences are operating -continually to fill up and to keenveyance can be obtained,.Capt. Blanehard preferred to filled up, this great metrcpoiiB with those who c&nnot be called " Within the past few months, an attempt has been take passage in the schooner Emina, rather than await ciiizens. At least one hundred thousand parsons are dailywishes of us all, and who should have inscribed upon in the Russian navy regarding the admission of ladies ment that one-fourth of the persona at any time in New-TorkCITY MORTALITY.—The Citylns^ •;- rci>on« u^a* \ftts» v;^:.:-^iately renair.-d ' .ihe news to herhis tombstone, '• An honest man, the noblest -work of on board their ships even in distress, if any other con- arc non-residents. Business, pleasure, curiosity, necessity, andduring the past week 90 men, 81 wo/..*., 135 boys,and 151 girhi, a total of 457 person*^ departed this life'**»,;"••,'•ner possible. I her mind, tbe in"•We take from San Francisco papers the following letter and memorandum of news:CHINA.hereexprested. But we h'ope and believe that they employed.by tho Mayor could bo transferred to the new office, thus rendering the additional expense trifling compared with thewould administer the Government juatlj- and fairly— incalculable advantages to be derived.giving to each State its due weight, and administer the I am confident that upon a careful investigation of tho wholelaws fairly and equitably. *ubjcctj the Common Council will unite with mo iu believing I inclose you the proceeding's of a Union meeting/ thr.t the proposed bureau will speedily become a permanent andt.--r;;.;--<10, 1860.f IilffUinoralofluxiseflgittBDtthe peace and integrity of too WOThighrankintheEmbassy. ' , „ practicalevilmuj revolt. afaooM be ponfched a« »"<•»«"«• ,h-, ,ite*'*geen anything of that t'w^cjr^'jUiag'g^J' TJ *** • ^fjoielety.Dff'ectoraeolflHt Borielr. Notwithrtwidir.^ " chuitwr which threatenthe iutewity oftb*' Government, wo believe toe grca*_ body orsppenc«a. as an evidence of tbla, lfae>eeeat' manlfoataWon* of pa-BOARD OF ALDERMEN.dent, Mr. BECK in tbe chair, and all the members pres-did not show iteclf n(H>v that parUcular imprefsion «ftyncle Sam'« steam pr«« at Pliiladelpbia.lObt.A petition from J. B. Taylor and 2,000 others, againstthense of ealt in melting snow in streets, was pre-and tobacco. Tho Emma left this port in May last, Mr. GENJCT offered an ordinal, ce making it an! offence think? Did you drop it a£y»vhere whenmailicd.tohim that a twenty-shilling gold piece' wag- the'bow and the chain circled in the stern. The of the salting oif the street'& He didn't like the idea n-i»riog." .^ ;"echoonerhaving touched on ;t sand bar, these,prepara- of the abolition of sleighing.tions were made to heave her off. The chain, in being Mr. Pr,ATT said that if the rai roads were excesptedpaid over, got tho run, and the men trying to st>p it the ordinance Wonld be almost inoperativebad not time to cut away the anchor which was fast at Mr. ST AKE crated.that firemen found that the readi- th«re?" - ..^^^'tlje^sickneM* F ^it froze their feet, or made them so cold that they think it pwfcioie, tbi«tl bad dropped it. If I did, of -«« CG a o ittack. of di--iicould do nothing when they got to the fire. The rail- conrvc it is lost. I should be able to get a pair of over*- . decea<!cd came tThe Emma brought Capt. Blanehard of the bark horses at the end of every trip. Cartmen said that it such tbings/onnd by the car hweeper are relumed' to> 3&s&&&Ot and delinu Hesperian, of Boston, which was wrecked near the injured the feet of their hordes very much. -.•^-TOCeiTed.at the coast of tbe island of Jeddo, and his wife, children,' Mr. TUOMEY was in favor o'f putting this right the office at'Twenty s'xth ttrcet.. But a little gold •.-,-, prisoner, who isrunning a Bteamer on the Amoor river, and Mr. Wey- mouth, an eugineer, also returned on her.PARTICULARS OF THE LOSS OF THE AMERICAN BARK HESPERIAN.—On the arrival last week of the Russian squadron, we. published the fact of the loss of tbe American bark ,Heap«rian, in the Sea of Japan. By the schooner Emma, just in from Hakodadi, Capt. S- Blanehard, of tho wrecked vessel, came passenger,quisle of tbe swwper. I never shall see thatcoia. Mr. BOOLE—The gentleman is a good talker for the again." •Geo. H. Purser, Corporation Attorney, reportsAfter unimportant business tbe Board adjourned to nounced..•'•:where the book had fnllen, she found the lostgoldcoin. delivered^'is message. Several spirited resolutions including the two mates, two men, the cook ana resolutiontoinstructthe OrdinanceCommittee^when Astheearnhave been carefully swept,itfollows,of .•;J.Salting- Broadway.—Mr. ROLLWAGEN offered aappointed, to report an ordinance againstspnnkling course, that the sweepers are honest enough not to di«iturb any little trifle lifcc that, left by passengers on the floor. They leave it for thenv to pick op thcneelvee, thenexttimethey,make'atrip-" I '•There was a laugh at the expense of tbe sweeper,salt on Broadway and other streets and avenues, as at present bracticed after a fall of snow. The propo-facv.or property; we had. petitioned Congress for relief the holes filled with salt water. Thus tbe crew re- aggregate to $19,021,521 04. The paper was receivedagainst tbe unjust and illegal attempts of the Mormons mained for eleven dayb, and would, undoubtedly, have and ordered on file.to force upon us laws and customs obnoxious to every perished had not the natives, from the main island, Corporation-Attorney's Collections.—Mr. PURSER for oilicers of the Twenty.-first Ward Republican Asso- }*„ , Brooklyn ferry leases, which expire in 1861, until and altogether it was a funny finale to the finding of the Provisional Territorial Government of Nevada nearly sweeping off the poir fellows who had re-Territory, and deeming it my duty to address mained. Theyclambereduptothehighest peak, and- furtheridstrpcedbytheCommon Council;wascalled thelostgoldpiece*2you upon the eubjeet of our separation from the land were many times swept down by the violence Of tho up and a' dopted.of Mormon Ifgislation, I present to you my reasons seas. Drill~J$ooms.—Tbe Board granted to Company C. Merchandise ha* at last established itself in Bond]the Comstoek silver lead in western Utah pays $3,000 with which he has borne his pecuniary embarrass-on an average. It is brought here at acost of $110 per ments, and the vigor and energy with Which he hasten, and smelted at a cost of $412, making $522 per tan pushed, his fortunes j under the most adverse circum- would, at the present time, be impolitic. At the time whatever remained on the rocka to eat, save what Jefferson Market.of expenses, exclusive of tbe costof digging. There stances. One would imagine that tha embarrassments, 5* no other silver mine in the world that woold pay un- the doubts and the trials to which he has been subject- dersuebexpenses. Andtbeveingrowswider—itcould edmighthavetendedtorafflehistemperandembitter not. be richer— as the workmen get deeper into it. ' his feelings against has opponents. If such be the caae,the feeling lies too far oelow tho surface to be per- The Marripoza Gazette gives tbe following account ceptible to the common observer. In the course, of awhy an organization of the Provisional Government When the gale abated, it was found that nothing 79th Regiment,' the u*e of the room and armory at street, oncejsar excellence the aristocratic quarter of we were compelled to assemble in our sovereign ca- scraps had lodged in the crevices; and what was still City Financesi—The Controller transmitted a sum- the city. No. 16, formerly the residence of Gideonpacity to endeavor to rid; ourselves of the theocratic worse, the rain water in the little pools, which had mary of expenditures on City, Trust, and Special Ac- Lee, ha« been metamorphosed into a store. ruleofMormon,wehadnoprotectionforlife,limb, previouslysuppliedthem,hadbeenwashedaway,and counts,fromJan.1toDei.3l,1859,amountinginthe'' V-'of the final settlement of difficulties between Col Fre- mont and the hostile squatters on his ranch." Our political rights were entirely at the will of a the kindness of the Japanese authorities in tne dis- dered to be printed in the minutes.sephine and Pine Tree Veins in Bear Valley occupied of his property, he breathed nothing but a spirit certain ciiqne, composed of those who were opposed tressing time. Everything was done to carry out, in The following Mensage wa*received from the Mayor, Coffin, Vice-President*; John Webber, Recording Seer.side «oe for Mr. she commonicH$ promised to xni her assurancesferred to the ob8taele|s he had to encounter, not a word •' Under-SherhT Howell, with a writ of restitution, of reproach, or even complaint, passed his lips. To- on the 14th host, proceeded to that portion of the Jo- ward his neighbors, those who have kept nun outber last, a* penalties for violation of Corporation or-Capt. Blanehard desires us particularly to speak of dinances. The amount recovered ia, $617 50. Or- W . Griswold, President; Efsworth Eliot and A. M.by the Merced Mining Company, and took possession of kindness and liberality. Col. Fremont is an on'the same without difficulty orhindrance, and turned energetic, firm, and most liberal minded gentWman. the same over to Col. Fremont, in accordance with the During his troubles, the Colcnel managed to ob- order. Tbe. Under-SherhT then proceeded to the Mt. tain possession. of the Josephine vein, and theto the first principles of our Constitution, and the free- the fullest sense of tne word, the terms of the Japan- . and 2,000 copies of it ordered to be printed. ese-American treaty, for the protection and assistance MATOH'B OrriCB, NBW-VOKK, Jan. 9,1860.dom of the ballot-box. Under these cii'eumatance«, of .our countrymen in distress- To the Common Council: *we endeavored to relieve ourselves from these imposi- . Capt. Blanehard proceeded with the schooner to the GEjrri.n;Mi:x: It is the duty of Government to provide for the tions, and believing that a Provisional Government protection of the people. I h e interests of all clauses are alikeretary; Charles T. Rodger», Corresponding Secretary, ind Spencer Kirby, Treasnrcr.i tainina ns to his . 3t>le. Upon inv« ' the misoing mamento papers,&ince, and the u -'"contair-cd on Thmill of eight stamps connected with it. He had built cisionoftbeSupremeCourt,tobeturnedovertoBid- upontheMercedRiverawatermillofsixteenstamps, die Bogga, lessee, under Col. Fremout, of 160 acres of and he has just completed, at the same place, what I land npon which the mills stood* The men in occu- am informed is the largest and finest mill in the State,of 48 rtamps. Thus, exclusive of the Mt. Ophir mills, ofThomas Joyce has on exhibition at his "Gallery of • wouldbestassureusprotectiontolife,limb,andprop- days. bodiespolitic,inwhichtholawsandtheiradministrationshould Fine Arts,"No.;63NewBowery,afinecollectionoflong and confidential conversation, in which he re-American; we hud no Courts nor county organizations save those controlled by the sworn satellites of the Salt Lake oligarchy. ,".'..kindly visited them on several occasions, bringing sup- piies of fresh water and food. 'sent hi a stutement of moneya collected during Decem-ciation was held last night at their rooms. No. 435 Fourth avenue, wbich reunited in the choice of Almooweek. The excesses of New-Yettr'* Day, probably,had something to do with this sudden rise in the mor-tality bills. The princip»l diseases were: Bronchitis,12; congestion of tbe brain, 12; congestion of thelungs, 17; consumption, 67; infantile convulsions, 43; insured. She was well calculated for the Japan and that which others receive. Their ignorance of our laws and mu- croup, 33; adult debility, 9; dropsy, 6—in the cheef J," The recent discoveries of gold, silver, copper, andThis, to an unsKillful observer, would seem to be an lead mines, has caused an influx of population, totally MESSRS. H. GREELEY & Co.— Gents.: AA my sub- our city and enjoy itr. uurivnled advantages in scientific, educu- asphyxia, 3; burned or scalded, 9; casualties, 4; old?t h e c o u n t r y ; b u t t h e C o l o n e l ' s s k i l l a s a t o p o g r a p h i c a l n e w e m i g r a t i o n i s c o m p o s e d o f t h e b o n e a n d s i n e w o f s c r i p t i o n t o T H E S E M I - W E E K L Y T R I B U N E h a s a b o u t " W i i h t h i n d e s i x n , I n e c o m m e u d t h e e s t a b l i s h m e n t o f a n E E im ifor which a Te\ Dtum should be sung by the whole engineer ha« here stood him in stead, and he has laid California, of men who are disposed to pay all due expiied, 1 inclose you a draft on my factors in your grant and Strarper's Protective Uureau, and propo-e to oonauu<ect suffocation, 2; suicide,!. There were in all 10 cases'Total*. Treated at dwe^iny T J o . a t D i » r « n » a r i e * Prltoexr vaccinatiot Bev*rc3natl<yn» .... "Whole >'o vaccuiatHo. of adulUJio. ofoLU'rea.... Vo. native paJircTft Wo foreign patirut Kos aent to Hoipiu yo. of death*.. rrWpfBdt«p«n*«Duri»gthe>eai-: .;. Vioca, TfttfCiSatioa,rniversal community. The men formerly in the em- out a road running along the sides of hills and over- obedience to laws which extend to them a reasonable- city for renewal for two years. it with the Mayor's Office an a part of this d«-p-puurrftme«ntt-. The of violent death. Tbe nativities of the deceased were:ploy oi the Merced Mining Company have generally hanging precipices of a dkzy depth. This road isbeen taken- into Col. Fremont's employ, and all are nearly ready IOr the rails, and when it is completed it protection under the circumstances.power of the Common Council to udopt an ordinance for thisI suppose you thought, as I lived in a Slave State,' purpose may be found in section 2D of tne Charter of 1857. This United Statee, 321; Ireland, 90; Germany, 23; En-provides that tho Common Council may " establish such oth*rsatisfieo, and peace, and, we hope, prosperity, reigns." will save about two dollars a tun in the transportation Delegates have assembled in accordance with the call that since the excitement growing out of the deplorable '*bureaux as they may deem the public interest muy require, and gland, 10; Prutsia and France, 3each; and thcreimain-" But lew memhers of the Council and the House ofEdward Norris was shot dead in Contra Costa of the ore. raid of Old Brown, and the folly of Goy. Wise, I " assign to them, and to the departments and bureaux herein der scattering.County on the! 14tb inst. by W . C. Pease, during a for their election, now, therefore, I? Isaac Roop, Gov- "created, such duties as th*y may direct."ernor of the Provisional Territorial Government of could do without THE TRIDUNK. I generally act This bureau, if created, should bo undor the direction of a per-quarrelaboutailandtitle. "IheardagreatdealofThayer'samalgamator, NevadaTerritory,believingittobethewishofthe accordingte.myownsciiseofright,andtakejust ronbeyondreproach,withcompetentassistant*toaidhim.Alexander Corrili, City Marshal of Yreka, was which seenis tohe coming in general use in the Mari- Tbo*e in charge should be able to speak, write, and translate altHtabbed in s«rv era! places by some Mexican* on the posa mines. From the polite and accommodating gen- people sfl)^ to rely on tho sense of justice of. Congress, such papers as seem best adapted to give information, the European lacguages, and be suHici«»utly faoiilitu- with the acknowledges having received valuable contributions'and that it will this session relieve us from the nume- night off the 14th Lust, and severely wounded. The tleman who hae charge of it in Bear Valley 1 gathered rous evils to which we have been subjected, do pro-without higgling at what may not precifefy jbo inlaws and city ordinances, a* WolJ as the several city department* and institutions, to bo uble to give a quick response to inquiry from any quarter. It should be open ut all houru of tho day and. 184,418 p«»on*.* A lar»t« Bam'**.. Q4ar»utiu«.accordance with my opinions.Cortinas in Texas. Corrili shot one of the Mexicans, ers. It is termed 'Thayer's amalgamator and chemi- claim the sesaion of the Legislature, adjourned until I have my own views about Slavery as it ex.'3t* in night, nud its exL fence, together with tho rale* and regulations,Mexicans were at the time celebrating ihe exploits of some paiticulars that may be interesting to your read-wounding hhn dangerously. cal process. The process is kept secret, but.its great- good citizens to support, with all their energies, thebt> made known in the cities of Europe aa wed as of the United as follows:' States. Frcm.Manpoea i» a place where the law is played " low est {>eculiaritv, I learn, is that it consumes no quick-down." The Star my*: "The trial of Dbagherty. silver, the original amount used being returned with-accusedofgrandlarceny,in stealingahorse,resulted outtheslightestloss. TheproprietorsmakethisveryLatheacquittaloftheprisoner—theevidencegoingto fairandliberaloffer:TheyagreewiththeowneruponThe details of the plan npon wkich I proposo to organize thi» Leavitt & AllenFrom.M E R C H A N T Soften pmatied to xs> SULKwillmakeag» h»bUsandtruxtvrcrt nolotfcal de*cri; «io <JH«w<i«ti, nnd iudi< Pro£ FOWLKS, No. im& tfnmm f«xU wrti*ethe mill, and are satisfied with one-half the additionalthe first Monday of January, i860, and call upon all laws and Government of the United Statee.the several States, and you have yours; and I am quite as free to accord freedom of opinion to you as I am to exact it for myself.v0*.....Vols..12Total-Also, 100 copies of "Mrs. Ann Taylor . HamaaPhysiology ''.from Mr. George F. Coolidge, all which have been to*tay committed to the charge of Mr. Chac Sutton, Warden of the City Prison.the streetPKOTXCTXOK TO EMIGRANTS.—At a meeting of thev Board of Deputies of Benevolent and Emigrant So- cieties of the City of New-York, held at the Cooperever come—see such a numerous band of savages. i£t f o be landed at the Carochilla rnineH, and the work- moval of the superanuated general who has the com- ng precludes their publication entire. A portion of the women, who would not; in all probability, have other- Institute, on Saturday evening, Jan. 7, the following" Dono at Genoa, Dec. 15, 1859.ICo.....show no intention of theft upon bis part, lie had the average yield of bis ore; they then take charge of The Washoe Indians are dying in,scores by cold and would immeasurably rather trust the Republican party The rooms heretofore occupied as a Police Court in tho south-JMaron &. Brothers.., A. S. Barnes k. Burr;starvation.*low hand.' He was discharged from eu*todr." the amalgamator. These wonderful works are within LATERFROMCHINAANDJAPAN. sent from the views, many of ita prominent members under the eye of the May»r. An interpreter and one clerk nowhired 4he horse, and upon getting involved in a gamb-ling transaction, went' that maoh better,' and held the amount they can extract by their process for the use ofIt is said thaitCoI. E. D. Baker intends to remove to a few miles of the road leading to the Yosemite Falls, Portland, Oregon, and make bis home there. and are well worthy the attention of the curious trav-T. L. Horn «-Co., imoorters of cigars tend tobacco, eler." failed a few davs since, but have made an assignmentwith their creditors for continuing their buniuess.' / ' ' j • t£ ,to connect them by a stairway with this office, ao that tho Eml- sands in this State, who, at the same time widely dis- grunt and Strangers'Protection Bureau may bo more directly231;&>&•'ISAACROOP,Gownor."weshouldvery.slightlydisagree. At.allevent*,I indraftingasuitableordinunce.than the Southern Democracy,'and .so would thou- western corner of the City Hall arc now vacant It is proposedbureau will be cheerfully communicated to any committee to Onthepoliticalcomplexionofthesubject, I expect whomyoumayreferthesubject,andwithwhom!willco-operateSamuelS. Wood •••.oo Annon RandolphBy the arrival of the clipper bark Onward, at thisport, from Kanagawa, Japan,.we areplaced in:posses- held in tin's village. I think you will agree with me, fishing that which 1 anticipate, it can bo abolished with little1.'tv/- . ••'••'• :•-; *i-e-.-•••'.•;. v >i...,,--:-t .^ ...indispensable necessity, if, however, it should foil in accomp. A correspondent of The Alta, writing from La Paz, sion of letters and papers from Shahghae to Oct. 26, that they are in the right temper and spirit—far better lose end no injury to the public interests.FROM NORTH-WESTERN MEXICO.Lower California, under date of Nov. 3, says: Which came on the United States etoamsliip Powhatan in thie respect than your groat meeting in New-York," Don 3L AJsua, of Gnaymas, has determined to to Yeddo. and were furnished us by Mr. Charles'H. of which so much lias been said. We have no thoughtOK ASHES.—Althougherect a refinery at the soda mine discovered and de-nounced by"him, near Adair Bay, and has offered theSmith, who came passenger by hor../ • this way of giving up tho Union or of following the The Powhatan arrived at Shanghae.on the 12th of violent demagogue's,-either of the North or tho South, October, from Kanagawa, and was to start again for in their threats of dissolution in case of the election of Gov. Seward to the Presidency. I should.look for justFIRES,— — 4iTwohrw UketHNM*/*! <>h**pe«t,pii5tu iv» thtiir nrirato optuio or oca&th ; no oh HoxMxn's ITxiox ( Movie, No. ?1» BrT>». BANNnciSI Bl^oekor-at., IV «uro of Hernia, ^ e prwred B&ACJU. I •'T H E G E N UYeddo on the 26th of October.The United States Minister Ward arrived at Shang- »» wise and conservative an Administration of the Gov- half shed No. 71 Park Btreet (Five Points), occupied; . •'*MtS8«Wcino. San Francisco will probably never—un- snip at on expense of about $15pertun. A steam en-til the downfall of our civilization, if that should g ne and quartz crusher, now on board the Jeanhetse, dressed a memorial to the Emperor, requesting the re The length of the printed proceedings of this meet- and tho street soon swarmed with bloated men anaThese Pitt JUver fellows are an ugly, dark, clirty, big-headed, hrpad-sbouldered, deep-chested, small-limbed Tais will be the first attempt to use machinery m younger man. Sankolinsin says this is a time when anwise left-their dens until dark. Thieves and repro-Societies having joined tho organization, viz., the Ger»race. Mtaay -of them have the reputation of havingcommitted various murders. They were exceedingly L >wer California. The mine is very rich, but owingenergetic man is wanted to protect the coast.. / J A P A N , . .KANAGAWA,Japan,Oct.11,1859.—TheUnited States frigate Powhatan arrived from Yeddo yester-bates of every variety and hue were also on hand, out man Benevolent Society, the St. George's Society, th<? j-eal sentiments of Southern property-ovjrnora, aa distin. kept at a respectful distance, owing to the l*«xe policetc bad working, had caved in, and tho former owners astonishedatthes%htofBOmanypeopleascameto werewithoutmeanstosinkanewshafttotapthevein**•;'"Woabhorwithindignationthoeffortsofindividual*,(joinbinatioiiri, and Stuteu to deprweiato the value of the Constitu-'v^ti^ < 5 ^iftg of those mines is to be prosecuted vigorously. mand of the count defenses, and the appointment of a resolutions we are glad to gire aa au evidence of the-• hi e; ' ,/WawaoTor. bettei . yt V Poln>ODio coxplain5 • . ducttoa of Mr*. M." A portion of Captain Stone's party have been em- day, having on board Com. Tatnall. Mr. Ward, oar tion and the Union, or to destroy their integrity. Among auohtOJa RciM, AMD O".pi >yed surveying up the Qulf of Lower California side, Minister to China, returned to-day by land. It is now' <lfortawe characterize intemperate and indinorkuinata denuncia-navian Bcneyolent Society, and a .majority of tbe same versity, at Middlotown, Connecticut, proaouncea the: being represented, the following officers were elected;-^Mirt«l«aU to hoi •} ff yorntnatiooM and iMiHions of B» o Bxkvr teem nowThe schooner Emma arrived here on the 16th inst. be tween tbe.mouth of the Colorado and Loreto. SinceBlanehard of" the American hark Hesperian, wrecked qu arters have been at M.ul*ie. Their labors will soon next, in the Powbatan{ which will convey them to ding their citizens from exeouting the la>vn'of the United StttteaWilliam Jollinghaus of the German Society, President; Eobert Waller of tho St., George's Society, Yice-Preai- dent; Joseph Stuart of the Friendly Sons of S t Pat-ty rickj Treasurer; Philip Pritchard of the St. George'^ Society, Secretary; Solomon I. Joseph of th« Porta-;>near the coast of Japan. The JJta, which publishes an account of the wrecks, pays:Panama, where they will cross the Isthmus.and take a i i a grievance of which wo have a right to complain, not omly bo-be concluded above, and in December they are expect-: . ,• .•:- £' -<of the I16th ult., and published in The AUa, sayas: j America in tbe best^aseaason of the year, aind also be or politlcala opinion should bo ao guarded a* not { to work a direct injury, and that opposition to Slav-(i'InthebeginningoftheblockadeofMazatlanbyIpresentedtomembersofCongress—notheJapanese ery,whoaexpr*5i>«*}inword*whichtoadtouvatigsie :••:- '•:.ed here." • .©/the kindness of the Japanese authorities in this dis- I. i private letter from Mazatlan, written uniler date leave in Fobruary, in order that they might be in legitimate government. Wo. believe that the expresaion& ••SKs-SSSft T*rtbya«lieGovernment steamer to Washington direct.Our Minister was desirous that the Japanese shouldyaffil:,:':::M .:•',:'.-'. • .:,".'.""•./fuishedfrom Southern politicians..%,' [Ed.force present. Rhine's loss will not exceed $50. He St. [Andrew's Society, the Friendly Sons of Sc Patrick,the: St. David's Benevolent Society, the French Be- is insured for $300 in; the Jefferson Insurance Company. ;nevolent Society, tho Swiss Benevolent Society, the)T H E W E S L E Y A*' XJNivERSiTr:-—A .dispatch from Portxigueee Hebrew Benevolent Society, the Scahdi- :^.'rTO*TAarn-IiOA»JB.<<<A.f';-T H O U S A N D S^S::^***^*^tion* of whole miction*, thua confounding tho innocent with the r uilty, and alienating the people of one sention from another. W e feel also that the hiwn panned by aome or* the tiUtea forbid-Jotepb Cummings,. President of the We&loyan Uni- letter in our paper yesterday, bearing hk signature, a. H Ic anno of tbe intended injury to the people of one unction in regard to their property, but becaune nuoh l;iw« are rebellious and revo- lhtionary, and tend to the destruction of the whole fabric of' •iTbellerse Telegraph patent expirei in 1861, andm, ' .-• ' ' . FERNANDOWODD,Mayor. .The Board then adjourned to Thursday.L A S TN E ^On Monday noon, a Gre broke out in tlie «Lory-and-a-• , - . • - • • • ••• .u Oh, then you must have dropped it in the cars, aa4of courtO will never see \t a^ain-^©id you look, foi it ,V" '•V:*et&eriiig frcai n<light the lamps, and was appealed co.'.' Yea, Sir; I did it myself, this morning.""What! thiacar." *" Yes, Sir; I took^out all ^io mats, and swept all & - JH:.out." ,• ft, JOfi Jackmsn emmdT W E N T T - F I K S T W A R D REPUBLICAXS.—An election' Mr. BufiteeS t ., -.. Bax8tow.. with i» «of books to commence " Tbe City Prison (Tombs) library," just established for the use of the prisoners,THE TOMBS LIBRARY.—Mrs. H. H. Starr,herebyYol*. 1« 20 15 t Kiting icKellogj;...., .,..15 Other friend* of tho object.. 1*D. Applnton icKooLockwoodit Son ....29 Wm. K. Cornwcll Collinu&Brother 21Am.FemaleGuardianfo'y.T H Ecleaning appropriations have been exhausted, and the work stopped, the Controller, • in view of the nuisan- ces which, would otherwise bo created, has consented that the removal of ashes and garbage may be con- tinued, until tho new appropriations are made, be find- ing, meanwhilo; tho funds wherewith to pay the scavengers.. . •• »••-•.'..:'," •'.;,,£'.'post mortem c^a**V«i*««ri». B A R T H O L F ' ^ C mThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069S BI•fcW*»jW*ia,V ..-.;:'/.,-.= mi*.*^T*3* •www.fultonhistory.com 