I?is tils proper laureate, fiaeliioD, howsomanyages. Thedeclineandf>HofSt.TaUa.iNot a yard of calico, or flannel, or broadcloOi,allow tbe armed intervention of ttiia country is to grace the person of a Southern knight describes :found in St. Valentine's Day, and theplace in the Senate, sitting clothed in the calm hig Cupid. BoWLAXD Hill, too, that Luther of Ist*;? Iup commercial andgreat sys-spokeninSeveral meml>ers who were atisent and and were excused.yesterdayf-rcircular, waa issued a fortnight since.The examination of Jamxs S. Williams, in con-forgotten,neighborbsodfamanufacturing has become of late years, at Washington, a No in this country has ever ad- appeared at the bar of the House, made ezplanatloBS,1knock AB-s letter of aooqptaaae, it pnmwaa the doctrins srewed the DeneeistteKJtSaHlittife ILtOBX. WKDHBtPAT,fnely&Jt P><7^^fa Oliin. M_AfOM_l_afAity UiiM^ CotuMB Biaii£,ylsatsra. HotooetBathoosaalkasWB,oroanats maay. kjtsw, whstker tka oottoa ks asttda to market Is ordl-"noUestofOmIfsaifiyear. Taqif.tf*i May-day ,__f2tak.Mtrark-nw,8»«»o»lH«» Thewarii3larg«ttUg;vlkeaMirinH«a^''-.i'luj i aw.TomiHoise,"-la TUa BTealDC-IiASCTlXXirX'S IHKATBB-J«A»i« Vmun, 9» ID ailLOV SASDEN-Oooni't BoTAi AnBBaAtunoors.mV aOWKBT TEXATBK—Pout JoiDiH—Wa>-Ithisandallothertrans-continentaldifficultywithoutanyohargeaofintcnUonalfraud."point honor to be ready. In case they cannot havetheir own way, and wliat tiiey consider aIN£VrS OF THE DAY. *Tfaa treaty coneladed on the 14th of December between Hr. HcLahs, as the American Flenipo-zens of the United States resident in Mexico.towns, cities and villages of the SlawCtates.are anrelyaiistaken."The business habits of the planters he thnsthe horrors of civil war andshould not be fully carried out. If Ciciao gotand the Foreign Secretary of the Juarezly wrong mind, though theCrii^ happytenltoiT,Ouwimpent of Uezico, ii g{Ten elsewhere in thearch-conspiratorlaugheduiidertheiraddedburdenonthat day.Tnmthe tkoe (tf the casaalty, preparing to sail for New-dom of trade, we are to pay Mexico the loom. In sight of every plantation is to risecan tell you how to make a crop, when it should beserves up his notion of tbe best way by whichand St. Valxbtoii will subride ere againon of the Univers, the jonmal tiideoaswOI be asperformedat this moment,i'ROM ALBANY.nppreeaiiaftheinterestsoftbePopeatParis. TheMoni- arenowatrophyenergies raises her fromand steadfast as thetineAyrea papers of Dec. 10. The total loss in killedttansport.Committees of Conference, and all the compli-cations of legislation, weeks may elapse before final action can be taken on it. In the mean-to have exceeded 40. The Indian invaders 'of tlie North bad been driven back by Gen. Flobxs. Bumors, however, of fresh incursions from theyesterdayappean8^te.^^-does not w"B^to ^|Imib4 aad takaa a - 3m.pm lempeatooua plessnre la ohaoa aad oalaailjr.qaaUtr sf tkeir markalabto proAiee as Iks osthw«Maaloa te dedaie, wilh4hat InteaM e>f-«»n- lUtaoe wUeh ohanwteriaea lU hi* ottoraaOM,that tiie•mi* and tntned toTHa.15.Bsry, good otdtaary,ralddllag. Not aas in gatheredtoo aiachMfmtrepresent-imchangeable whichwaslaidsolongagoupontheheirs"S!II niinTfniiti a. OAar andapUto -N fwUhthe at speakenwaa deathopinion aa to tbe meet creditable method offkranekM l»f>- asiJUled n» vRT baporiatt ekaaflM;of tiadeoftheae deridederSouthwerecurrent. Gen.Lopiz,themediator of the recent treaty, iiad gone overlandto Asuncion. Gen. Cosbmait, the new American The jealous Colonial system of Old Spain, ever seen have been notorious for driving hard Envoy to the Argentine States, arrived at BuenosAyres on Dec. 6.inliis testimony to the late ex-Senator's virtues,to discharge his conscience by an expression of doubt as to whether the manner of Mr. Bbodkbick's death did not render him an unfit subject for tbe posthumous laudations of the bodytowhichhehadbelonged. Thequestion,"which was un- der discussion, it seems to us there is no difil-time, manageshall^unite upon in order to perfect oa£ onloa. WeThe Chaiiman the. havm| presentedlys red cap from a Christian when he could get of suspense of Mexican liberty has proved. Mex- it thirty per cent, lower from a Jew, orwould have made com- meml>ers, will be defeated, at leastWyandotte Constitution,Mr.SawASDmovedits referencetoharvests of the Mexican wealth than the long ico, as she must become within a single lus-trum under theregarded,to one reliable man in onlythe Committee on Territories. Mr.Hissisaippi, proposed a resolution instructuig theShould the Senate pay a tribute to a man who had will fully risked his life inpulsorythe billsin the State Senate, were the followingAn¥»gcises on men's actions, we are confirmed inBrown, whether the instrumentof theSheikb-itl-Islahrejecting to buythehe said, was,violation of the laws of God and man VCongress, grounds.onmerelyandtonto-day.^^^^^ SENATE.Committee toconformed with thebill. Mr. PcGB, of Ohio, objected to instructing the Committee. Messrs. Mason and Doolitile sustained the views of Mr. BEOWif. -The gavewaytotheorderoftheday andafterthedis-;of business, Mr. Beown's resolu- patch importanttions were called up, and Mr. Hals entered into aTicdication of the and attack- Bepoblican dogmas,waresdear ones of a true believertechnicalinquire requirementsof theoperationpt such influences ascheapreported favorably, yesterday,For com- pleting the Canals of the State, to appoint a Com- missioner to provide a monument for the Walla- boQt Martyrs, to amend the Revised Statutes con- cerning proceedings for the recovery of rent. The latter Deing an Antijlent Senator Hah-ofand those limitedally,Union Association,** assembles to-day at Biogham-ton. The call, which is in the form of a secret will,have ning to cultivate its cotton in an inefficient and the American Continent will slovenly manner. It has a virtual monopolyassoci-inCavorof the fro Rata bill, with saaddltloBS.aad _ment K.Q.9km.Serendnewwitneaaeawereex- winaof fliis articlelus such as no industrial enterprise has evernection with tite Norwalk Bank case, waa contin-to curse the shallow sophistry which sacrificed the future ol miUioaa of mankind toand the mnch lessthoughned before United States Commisiiioner jTMleidajwere of a socialantboitsingthelaying a doobls raOroad track labat little was elicited tending to inculpate thedefeadant. Thecaseisstmon.icind, to refuse to testify to Mr. Bbooxbice'b meritsThe Wallabont bill was Martyn'amine^rude laborreportedfater-Tlie meeting on behalf of the American Wo-isrose to the height of a responsibility, than plant requires. Slavery beginningParaguayanyears, has been virtually lost to the world. know that the greatest fanatics the world haspriatelytookoccasion,concludingto and theascan withouttheirhavethe movement fSi)?ned,J:objectsfaction,sider as duelingsomething meriting reproach.ifanyauctioneer sellsgoodsonder a falsereprsaea-Mr. CoLTis then proceeded to speak at length, incensure of the Governor's Message. Several mem- Treaty, won with so muchwhichthe Kan- Caribbean into Castilian lakes, was less effi-bargains, for concentrating their attention onmay,to theprobabilitythat asalutary1 |> Conunlttse. fto convert the Pacific and thesasquarrelwasrevivedinallitsmalevolentvigor. cienttoexcludemankindfromthenatural ler. WehaveneverheardofaCardinalbuyingIn the United States Senatethe price, and shutting their eyes upon the sel-Englishsubjectto the amendment bas been that it would prevent immediate ac-ed the Dred Scott decision. In the House of Ee- doms drifted to the shores of thepresentatives, IJttle was- done. After an ineffec- tual attempt of the Bepublicans to compel a vote on the Printer, theTost-office Deficiency bill was called op, and tbe Senate amendments, with theyearlyvice-royalty in the stately galleons of Cadiz.It has been the reproach of Bepublics, eversince the and narrow of her petty spites greedsrivalStateslaidGreeceatthefeetoftheMaee-of thatwere concurred in. The House declined to aboluh fiankbg by a TOte of 60 to 112.dodge,profiisely supplied to us.Apart, however, fromthe influencewhichurged,by WABBBcam, Illinois,exceptioiabolishingthe frankingprivilege,madeof whosepatience, and after so many years of trouble, uncertainty en from TOting or proxy waa ordered to a third and discouragement, may rely upon it that theygardbers of the Assemblydeeired to be excused for ab- senceonMonday. Thebilltoprohibitstockhold-so far from able to build beingtheirleadinr. Little else ofpUahea. The Pro Rata bill is the special order forA convention ofdelegatestoform a "Balance-of-!publicPower as an to the "National party," adjunctvery names of Democrat andaheady begin- his On the contrary, itimprovesiwas addressed by Mrs. Bux, Jaxib T. Braot,Esq., flz-Jadge EnxOHDB and Thiodobb E. Tok- days t>een laid upon the representatives of thelanoB, Esq., all of whom vouched for the worthy American States.skill and economy of the free workman to itspieceobiect of the organization. In the Court of Generalaid.clumsy, stupid and careless, ^ut it is making tbeto affect its action in any way, it ought to be pleteness. It is making the duties of publicAfter a sharp skirmish the astka pnfaOadbr*fore Becordercharged, under rather singular circumstances, with stealing furs, valued at $150, from a Polishtowardsmemory of dead ones.body must undergo a radical change before itlegislation perfectlyBabxajq),livingSessions, yesterday,be-master reckless and careless of iiisown in-U aadthe14, Pridliat aMtt^ thsdecM-Jobs was Costilloduelists, and not towards thesecondary, in the view of our representatives, to the exigencies of parti-vote of 14Ing vote for reoonadttal.alle offence to sing hallelojaiis to the Union, nrinciMjt,^^® court-room. The evidence of the not that an honest patriotic laudation of thequestionsWas iiprote'' *''°.»>ad turned State's evidence,^ ment,.5s?ov^i^edb'^vT^'°-'' ^T ^^^^^'^^ malverdictof«^4\alJl"*""*/' co"""!-"5^-cargo.wiU be renewed asfoond, wtentbe " Counter •? "^f,TM indictment is""^ '^ain becomehave beento denoimce ittheobeervedofallobserveiB.Tbe stock market yesterday „..of the public, if Mr. ofthat he was a kind andsaint as ever"oonstoppedhence goea on to remarkCity also,obligedbishop,open questionbut all the world is agreed, we be-oori State sixes and New-York , Cen,°",*rfO'-__ lamand on.aereralBorope for the iUta waa enppUed at loss^wlf °° London up to the close of 'Change hour, but ,?° latest disposition was to advance the ratenext mail, owing to the Uglier value of monev i^ Londoa. advised by the Portland steamer.should not be better pleased with the attempts of conservative men in this' fendered, but the trial should bein spite of Uiemselves," andMr. Fostke's well-meant, but ill-timed pro- test, however, might possibly have passed un-brought up unnecessarily the qusstlonthat the people of ttte Territories have flM <power to settle their own aAire In ttsirCOBt. Pacific shares rose l n„ shares bya matter^f profound regret that our Southern upon tliis' subject, and we must say that a Georgia,waasteady. Eailway Jieaciiptions. Theeir?,.his fine abilities ridiculous, of which he alwaysmwas heavy and lower. Wheat, Bye, and Bar- not toy, ware inactive. Com wts plenty and depteaaed.in their banda.Here is his about oottonopinionplant-rapiditylife,rappingby.bales, part(rojuitti, at unaltered rates. Flour ^eis Utogether with ouraelvea. Tfce Avalmtdte, few. U itseif somewhat at fault in the mat-bond^Yn "^^"S *?'^ °^'stronger argument againstthe of feasibilityown ascetic heart was never suffered to indulge. The martyr of Claudicb haa played the Friar tofor thlarno condition in Ing fiom ths CtaidttaaM ttiUatm aal Mr. Baaasa-Tbe sales of Cotton were confined to 1,250 and to maintain fraternal relatiOBS with it ;butof ano ast ofwho take as little pains sal ean to ia-batequal dooUefirmation orof this pains;imjustifiable,soughtoanyWe haveM^^^Mexico, it will be seen, cedes to ns in per-ttoroutes, and to guarantee their neutrality. Ports metaphysical, corresponds, we suppose, toprotectidolizing adoration, though rather obscurelyAs to the picking he says "I havs often seen ths handi onofIsthmnain transit not intended forieo, and the free transportation of the malls IsplantaUona pickingdeposit ;are established on both sidea of the no duties are to be levied on articlesand we whether it isit to onrcotton vrlth sacks that would hardly holddivision of the to plunder,fire a pistolfla Mex- BABIIUM'BXCSKTO—AAsraoonandKrenlnc—Thxexpresslyguaranteed.ThetransitoftroopsandingtheUnionitself?change byBm*—TB>n FAtf Km.ion " towith theirfor idoliz- steps.clared his intentionFA.T OUDOrR-^OooB »« Eru^NATomi ahd riimiiiiii T¥i Tovao Xataua.military stores also is provided for on equitable terms, and in the spirit of the most enlight-style which he and his associates think best, to lay hold of some "pillars" on which hisconsequence of the feeling which prompts ttafeobservsnce and the; poetic light which gflded themorning of tlie lith of February in allyoongsyesconsumptionThs were with baskets, too,the and great and glorious an institution as we bear Slavery to the golden hierarchy of Commerce than she be, we have yet to see it inspire the devotion ever enjoyed in the palmiest days of the Coun- and self-denial which the Catholic Church orwill breathe her from this new upon;objection urgedAldaht, Tuesday, Teh, It. Quite a large number of remonstrancas were pre- sented by nearly all the Senators, against the reaioraltreaty, will rapidly assume a far more brilliant rank inIf this bereallythequestioncil of the Indies, when Acapulco was the mart of the Southern Seas, and the price of king-the Mahometan creed have called forth.South would have us believe that Pro-Slaveryopinions raise men above all the weaknesses tribute to BsoniBicK's memory because ha have been adopted, and the bill put on Us pas- tween Rivethsad, Sag Haikor and Gieenpoct.conqueror,that in their councils the*rejectiongreat andto thewhich the they hope,interest was accom- are the of their industry, is really unable to carry on success- passing upon reputationp^gn. partyrecognized and approved mode of pariiamenta- vanced such clamorous claims tory warfare. No member of Congress whodoes this is ever condemned by the majority of lic affairs as the Bepublicans, and we doubtiBepublicancolleagues.whether all the small help which they may ob- tain in the coming canvass from the use of Congressional names to compel the peoplecouDtry and their own, aa well as upon the instrument before them. Long after thefully those branches of agriculture of wiiich itIt is not only unable tohigh- ttsin the course of ordinaryhis position,bothhis amongst politicalthings,have cause to remember the fate of this docu- of the marketin in his own ates and societyl>cenathome. For men in whose eyes the assault on into paying thein sometion, or to bless the masculine wisdom whichyet simple which thepaltry pointpoor game;to show mea's Aaaodation at Hope Chuwl last evening, wiiich none more serious has in these latter itself wanting, and Is tacitly calling the care,sbly.because he fell in fight, would have been a and the paltriness of their performance. The Mr. Coivix, ItoB the Jodfadaiy Coamittss, re-An Avalanche on Adoration.A recent number of the Avalanche, a paper terests.inCountess," caUing herself Pilaoia Glksbkoi, contempt of the Union meetings which have Southern ports have, as the world knows, ofThe Canal Apptopristlaa bO waa ia»octsd baek Congress and from the Committee with iniiilsliii iir the nilsiiil—Memphis,^>ng with a number of " yotmg lady boarders" at been held at the North. Our terrible contempo- late«o. 656 "Houston-street. The Coimtess,"beingyearschargedsand,WM '^^^^ and ?h handsome,to attend to their own affairs and to The fraud iias to such an ex- cise to which it ia not accustomed, and the make Presidents,resplendentiy dressed, all evZt ^y^*^re, not only of neighboring, but ofia an exer-publishedoverwhelming ii)Europe frommemliere ofisits The biles of cotton^sent toUnion is objectionable of itself, but because the mouths of demagogues and notoriety-seekersless,withand force that an indecent libation of praise;greathappened to be killed in a duel, when at leastbeen one-half of those who occupy seats in that mentary on this objection, and on the sincerity for the incorpontlon of Religious Socieiies, allowlagthissigns of relenting their overseers. The seemed employerWe cannot, therefore, record, without a regret and dissatisfaction, the nndeaiable 1Nothing can bemofeoerUla ttu thatdeath in a duel"man could dietm*good ohl eodeia* Hiertf was, hdit"meetings" have gone aa fiu In defenM dred speads oas bODr of each day athls gia t« fianiag reqiect for onr leadeia ',to treat Mr. Tooua' howit hetit, to aaam, «tlr MriVUnion of Southern Instltutiona a* oould raaaonabljrNa- Mr.-_,ft—^(TOiliia-FzlMTwsOHM.MmAMUM ttonalTreaty,inadvanceofitsofficialpublloa^ passions with these eloquent gentlemen, Hereisthemannerinwhichthe ginningis ancetohisnotionofthebestmodeoflivingto hisvenerablenamehasserved. Itintllht<1ltiil|l[flMjntW-TOBK mOB IMU•••*.Ball^SixDguiM•iwr.CuBBUio,Mr.MoLahi,and and"and beother orators of the like tbe contrary, may very leafy and dirty."of them who attach sufficientinduce them toweighaeriooslyhis viewsaasupia-loDsrTDfxa(aMi-w««Ur>-tnM«»they notoriety aeekera,"demagoguesHl^iV- Mwt^Ifefclhn^TOBX ifiMfM*<*••••<*•toOMiMiwi,fei**Under suchclrcumitaneea.howeooldther*bat^toaM»UrNi,ln1«aniD«uAis. la*"tok«aMraMitoih« aw-Teunufc beenconductedbyourMinister.fill theble indignation. The Last Minstrel ofroB oAurranA• •(VHTlfiaitaaBar. Pito(,lavnn«.lthemostskepUcalofthegravityof siderthesethe interests which are invoived, and of tbe that, though poor theaot- wtlkstandlng this, they never take any pains to ae«>convinceskill with which this great negotiation has the North has toto fiMrtid«mack ss tbree hundred to tta« bale pouadscapacityto be foundventilatingpecu-singinginUs seJuuMsa!>«things, and try to bear in mind ";aad,tton. The andconventionalarticlea toinformthemthat Treatyare"" done:throughcelibatedevotion,hehaa^ae^and " that theirgloriousofmost interesting documents will, wo titink, loathing." We hope the Avalanche win recon- with tbe motes tn ghmlog. I ksve mrself welgted ss ablermOtuui.^) IM •>••«• toaMadtTCM, larnraLTaDouAMi be found to-day In tbe columns of the Timib. transparent humbnggery, and the people spit planter knows, that after heavy ralss, or evsa whea revehl, that it should be possible in the year wouU fuUynegotiated with Mexico byin- Union isWhat affect* us"singleblessedness"asthenow confirmaUon by the Senate^ wiJl awaitingcesaant panegyric of thebecompl'.lnts of ths qaility oT th« sUs>ls seat toA careful perusal of the provisionsthese upon it (Qt»«r' —panegyric or Union?) with there has t>een no imlo, a vast qusntltv of dirt fallsdisciples of Haxtrcs with SbWAum'give. hope by somethingWe are likeencouragedadoring idolatry ;proper into thecontemporary ";powder-magazine,upthem-quarrelneighborsin like manner, in case the Tslentine'a days, we may be sore tliat BOBS will tnecottonlyingontileground.Indeed,aomeover- afiair<ofthiscountryarenotconductedinthet>e. AnniversariesarelessthecausettaaUwboots and shirts in the dearest shops is thethe creditors of the Government must is to advise and consult upon wiiat final action weoffac- beforeenjoyed and eveninthecontemptBrooklynaadNewtown mostoftheleaBlse. ocenpylngsingular pointformally.We find in a recent number of the New- noticed byof aGiaourbaldly Theoneof human nature though;this fact of it have not abound, proofsat once. It is a somewhat com- Mr. MASiBBaa introduced a bill to amend flie Ast singularofferingremoved ss fast as it scciimalates, to in make room for more. In fact, I have oa teveral oc- caaioosmentionedthisfacttoplasterslopresenceofths Mow, a«l«t» InfUTrovindignant reasonable forquitepeople who idolize the adol«tion of the Un- lewputstalks, theylilt aad"; advisory supervision and, eoDseqnsntly, when bis merchant writes him that ingsThe conventional articles attached to theout of when he saw Catilihe patiencetreatyin Ms perfect-postmasplay- ten, iias recorded in black and white the fut tliatonly twenty years ago the mails of Engiaadin case such intervention should be found ne- or dame which, on this side of tha Atlantic cessary to secure the the full enjoyment at leaat, has passed through'fiis tainlM hands" How many cotton planters Uve in their gins, or even spend half their time there ? Not one lo a thousand, Coutatoasampleofcottonandshowitof consummate impudence, jmd in hisbut, assertions ofsagehonorable body are willing to incur the very with which it wasrisk which proved fatal to him, or to expose others to it whenever the occasion may arise. The Senate as a body does not con-we know that immediate self-interest exer-Mr.lead was followed by the Bepublicans gener-that tbe further consideration of the bill be postponed till the election of a Printer.doneantrivialviews of expediency which the French most our opinions about this non-intercourse ques- On every side of Mr. Fosxaa, when he spoke,tion by what we see, every day, of the eco-The members of the House have tatkin of ttielr valoe, or sella goods bythe piece wliioh Bepublicanthere sat men ready to kill him or any done themselves no credit, and we should do not all liold out equal in value to the sample, ksa "policy," hare so often over-ridden the plainest nomical disadvantages of Slavery. We deny body else who might afford them the recog- beexpressively stigmatize asvillage-steepledictates of and suf- that it is possible instantly to convert a slave- far-seeing statesmanship,gladthey andaJjo a of tlae lialfofwUah m<Hiey, pay ftne $Si,HOKD, who was on the Reporting Committee, fered the most critical moments, instinct holding agricultural community into a manu-n ized conventionalopportunityof doing so.moved for ita recommittal, a disposition finally madeofitafterawarmdiscussion. Billsforthe—to facturing and commercial one, above all,One-half, at least, of bJs colleagues not only and frivolous at once an act of wayor Justloe, hsvlBg criminal joiiadlctifle, the la powKwith thediscooiagement qt mock-auctions, to provide for slip by unimproved.' The Senators of the when it has to meet the competition of a com- even of clubbing, battering and bruising peo-tbe encouragement of 'religious societies, and twofor New-York City railroads, were introduced.United States nowthe con- munity of energetic free white men at its \&tj Mexican doors.More than this, we believe that the South,perativelyTheya scandalous re-American HuBsom.^^^^^ ASSEMBLY.AixAST, Toesdar, Fab. 14.undeveloped goodofcenturies,approve of dueling on the open ground, but simple honesty and a measnie of im- enforce tbe penalty or Inprison the affnder.deliberating uponple who differ from them In opinion. To conceal a weapon in one's pocket, and lie in wait with a cudgel for some other* member, and assault him for wordstem offoreignhas amagnanimous principlemonopoly.weave its own clothe, but it istestlmsDy—s of the entire world for the saleexpenses of parti- san campaigning, will copnterbalance theBeing General Order day, the Hoaae waat taleCoaunlttee of tte theWliole, dlscnsaleB of tte hUa a stimu- monopoly applyingpostalgrowntent that the Chambers of Commerce of Liver-pool and Manchester, and we believe of thisbe," it is aU tbstthis IsLove ralMUM eouit, theAMI am ..i camp,g ^at of the beneficent provisions of the treaty of Abolitionists. The Soutbtn seaports are to the planter wbe^e visits year dty tliis Winter, least forbore to announce openly to the con-of tbi* morning. It will be found to verify the Miiiinrj of ita stipnlationa originally given in tkeaa eohunna.Ike aleamship Bohemian, from Liverpool on thelit tost., toncbiDg at Qneenstown on the 2d,reaChfed Portland yesterday. She reports the lossof tbe diip Sndymicn, of this port, by fire, on theSlst nit The vessel was lying in the Mersey atloag altogether from his mission of matrim<my, govranentirelydestroyed.IntheHouseofCom-comparatelyinsignificantsumof(4,000,000,tbetallchimneyofafactory,andthecunningplowingshouldbedone—watchesillsmanagerclosely aChristiancitizenoftheUnitedStatescanbackintothesterilecslendaiofholybach-nMna, taiquiiies had been addressed to Lord John one-half of which sum is to be retained- fa hands that are to weave and spin therein are to tlirough the growing season. But when picking be- depart from this life. This best way simply elore. We shall bid him foieweU witk neitself.- Such is the balance in fa- to become great centres, and to be ask him to class aad with fewwUI knowand others his what would he tiave"thoughtofthesablime HisvotariesceasedtobepoetsandbeeaiBSbatheavy ijnportiifexceptions, theyit,it Ordinary Good Middling, or probablyscriptviews on public affairs,Then came theLower" Empire ofAstuima.—vor of the United States because in fa- entirely managed by Southern men. More-call—vor of civilization and progress, dont know the quality of what he himself produces,—^wiiichMr. over,thewholecountrysouthofMasonand nothingofthenomenclatureofclassificatlanatallofandhisinto vulgar vehicles of silly caricatnie, and inde-ofMcLahe has had the wisdom and the iortime Dixon's line is to be studded with manufae- rarely ever examines it before it leaves his gin. What ing treason within the Capitol waUs.pleasant missives were ihigiaia4and culture of the cottonSlavery has not simply made tbe slavegress into mere par^ conventions working for law of landlord and tenant so as to meet If it is right for the Senate to allow dueling caucus purposes, is fast culminating to com- Hr. HAaaoni moved to refer baskbeen foundrary thinks ttiat it should be made an indict- to a degree wtiich bas made a practical difier- morals or religionsan tactics. Ourtend to our inter^ts, nor to make laws, but"overanybody's grave.withence of several hundred dollars in a single The discussionplain canals, and with tks iar the JMs SMsopdatteasand other canals rednced.The Oovemor'B Message was takui op In Cooaadt-tee ef the Whole.Mr. CoLvn at to tbe remarks of Ba»- replied lengthator BAUoRn, contending that the Gcvenor-hatyetTheis, side,a koa- asBSOo aevar sses the ooltoe after It i* un-li Bw MwaaliitWe are oaee more enaUed to lay before onr return of gratitude to Mr. O'Covoa and .speetraen very white aad elaan, wtaes, perhaps. It, on seiloua diacusalon. There are probably not he must have wonderad oftao, jaAf fitP* Ul**••«MMta.(IMIr) «i f>«**«»WJ leaden the draft in fiiU of an importantpoorfioBsadlstaaesof a kundied sad the shnffliog yards, dsolareshonor of am Tka Saiieaa Treatr.have been expected of them, and it ia alesi he happens to ride aear th« »td[<AAtiid looksoff iUi mortal ooil to thehtpw.. . y**itgjgi *aurprlssd, concluding sentences of the Ava- the oveneer declared he oevsr had ttis motes remoredin one of tbepetuity the right of way over the Istlmias of lanche'* article, which assures us that, " if the at all. Mow, Sir, add thia three hundred pounds of sessing the closest resemblance to those of all in these later yean of ths lieiugiiaat Teboantepec by any roatea which shall be South has on* object of idolatry on earth, it is dirt to tbe quantity neoeasarlly bloirn back by the of the most notorioas pirates and buccaneers. which made Valentine's Dsy|a geatle, <was no difficnlty in recognizing them as pos-irliiilOKV THKATBX—Tki Boi«ai«o» or A Fo»» judged advisable. Both Bepublics nndertalra adoration to a Constitntional Union." This bmak, and joa will have some sUght soloUoa of thia These gentlemen always make It a of festival to oorforefotbren aad forentothers thniiah.The South and Non-Interaonrse.Xtra Stooaoi's Turu. modified freedom of trade, under the erentnal Slavery. Cktodaof all kinda are to be imported of dirt, in this way malting their task easier. These bring down upon thirty millions of human be-how invariable and how genial a theme ids peaeflX0>up, some dirt muit necessarily come with It.throughsomany hundred yean of Chiiatiai Us.W BBOAOWAT—M. Dc CoAiuii'a AmoAa c'ol-enedpolicy.BightsWken gsthcring In wet weather, the hands get Into tbelrimaginationhasmade theto Bepublic rest,of way are also secured from tiie Bio Grande to the Ghilf of California.The South is threatening vigorously to an- nihilate th« North by non-intercourae unlesswere so torn and full of holeson the ground sad gathering up pounds sf dirt at everywornseers do not foibld tbe banda emptying their cotton on(ha ground when their saclts are foil, aad aome theydlatancefromthebaskets. Whenthlicottonlatakenbottomsremaining, havingt>eenliterallyout,andBKOADWAT—Mosu or Beciprocal commerce is to be fostered by a it speedily altera its opinions on the subject of baskets with muddy feat, and thus tosi in some pounds in a common ruin. He is ready, in short, to very remote day that the keeping of tlila sessoanSUra BALOOR—OMS9I OMBian's Iliranns. of our own Govemmeut dfaeetto Horfolkand Charleston from France things are never, or rarely, seen by the proprietorrAIiAOX SJJSKH—Yab AmuUK k Oe.1 MnAuaa. Beligious liberty la assured to all ttM citi- and England, aad thancedistiibntadW all the Ids cotton la a little dusty, he says liow can It be T you er than that the Toomlw views of Government Cruikshank's Comic JUmattac, can well naiabar -to secure. And at what price ? For all these tories. Tbe hum of the cotton-gin is to t>e other class of men know so little of tbe quality or Having thus treated us to his notion of the cent impertinence. On this side the water, weadvantages, these rights of transit, this free- sweetly blended with flhs rattle of the power- value of their own producUont The cotton planter duty of a patriot, the Georgian Senator nowfear, this descent has reached itsirrevocable tana,Toifc. Ko fives were lost, but the vessel and car- plowed, when hoed, how deep or how near theItiii— 1 1 in reference to the annexation of Savoy our own liands for the satisfactton of claims be the bands of docile and dntelous Africans ;gins, he takes his gun and dogs and enters the chase, consists in being mnrdered by a Judge of the light heart; for when the Chriatiaa • Saiatto Prance. The Uinister stated in reply that rep- of OUT own citizens now existJay- nfidnat the unlike the white opeiatfTea of Hew-England in or else amuses himself in aome other way, leaving Court wiiile to murder the has left us it may well be thati had been made to the French Gov- the most important portion of the year's work to s Supreme attemptingI tbe point ; and it might be proper in a Mexican Government, and beqwathed from this, thatlhey win be contented with their lot, man that cares for nothing but ths quantity of cotton Judge ; the cause being, an expression of for universal snfirage we shall reviver days to lay the papers before Parliament. Hr. the anarchy of the past !umaMara liad acnounced his design to introduce ashamed to believe it necessary to enlarge tbe picturethe bMteet on the 6th inst. In regard to the San for a moment on the merit* of this most to be ^aaiuuDcalt;, the London Timet states that theare a basis which admirable Treaty. It stands almost alone Hie Mgodatigns proceeding nponfitness for liis office. heathen Lupercalia in which yonng men 'tllirtadWe are almost and confident ationt their future. To complete he ean Iwast of having made. Often this man is un- doubt as to the:All these are scrupulous, sad often positively dishonest. Proba- mighty enterprises asJudge'sWe now know Mr. Toombs' views both for the names of youngmaidens;apnelicein the liands of Southern men. bly he has a conditional contract with tiis employerneither poetically beantifhl, nor oae> practicallylodgedseheming, conspiringYankees are to be;gtU <o mnajt dollar* /sr all k* maket ovtr a trtam of public and private duty, and we com-ful,and fitonlyto be claaaed;vrith ;thoee oikimcan haidly £ul to be accepted by the United States.Oraat Br&in relinquishes her claims to an ez- amongtieina eaaterly, and the United States to an ex- tory, for the simplicity and scope of its pro- and the great web of industry that ia to cover eMt kind, k* may add status, if tkty 9kould abound in utters them is not an obscure fanatic nor a unsexing womanhood; and feeding all that istreme channel waaterljlike a rich aad wiiich it involves. To Mexico ia to be the work of Southern handsntigkkorkoodj*;diate Uiie, which leaves San Juan to England, andsunny South, whose contemptgorgeous 'veil,mere pot-house politician, but the representa-tive of a sovereign State in a council of sov- our national character and ways.and fix an Interme- uponthsIf ttiis be tbe manner in wiiich the rudefor the children of Ham labors of the plantation are, according tothe mnaining islands to this Goverzunent. The consequencesit offers the only—of weav-least reverent, least dignified, and leaat ia eomdymoat impottaDt announcement from France is the hoperecoveryereigns, and that he is not there by accident,the documents of onrvisions, as weU as for the of the the magnitudeofin wliich all herfrom the ersdiplomatictiis-drivendeliberate choice of a free and pow-wasting away.nqipresMd paper, to dissolve the neces- life into her veins, and unfolds to her once We have always had our doubts, and have tures, for attention, skill, care and exactitude, world is rapidly progressing in civilization but.'butbytbeIttwimry of the doctrines advocated by the her present condition of anarchy, infuses new of Canaan, the bender of knees."ofpublicists that society in all parts of the A BaIance-«f-Power Party Pre^eetod.tear, in announcing the fast, gives as a reason, theerful is constituency. Itonethe theories ofalliance between religion and thebe met under such a system ? We leave the;aaiyinatitiitioiis of civil ^vemment ;raaaoo, liowever, heme the publication of the enemies and the friends Of constitutional to the great wrath and annsyance of various.more apossible and a glorious future. The frequently expressed them in these columns'wenomena as Mr. T00MB8 win prove a serious ob-the immediateadvocates of non-intercourse tothesehonestlyPopsfa raecBt encyclical letter. Preparations are government in Mexico alike await in anx- sanguine Southern editors, about the realiza- facts at their leisure, reminding them that thehastening in Italy for the consolidation of the Cen- iousSltuo been refused an audience. kingdom, havingAnother victcny had been obtained by the Spanishthe definite action of our tion oftralStateswithSardinia. Alessfavorableis gtyaauleJ by tbe Hungarian question, the dele-suspenseanygreat many more,candidminds.Party and the Poat-Officn.The Senate's amendment to the Poet-OfficeGovernmentashake our faith in the influence of immediatein tbeand to wiiichuponthischarteroftheand agood dealwill give, in all human probability, the signal everywhere to the definite conquest of the cen-"anarchy, demand that the McLane Treaty isms" drive people, the folly of buying theircompelleduse,ani& in Horocco. The right wing of the army had at once for the retirement of Mibauok and for profit and loss upon the operations of trade.respectively. Appropriation bill was rejected yesterday in the House by a decisive vote—the Bepublicansor vaw-TOBK.attacked and gained the Moorish positions in its the general advance of the Liberal forces We know, both as a matter of experience andfront, with a loss to the enemy of 2,000 and to the victora,of200. Therumorofthedeathofthe Hem Sabib appears to be confirmed by the latest advices from India.Detafls of the terrific explosion upon the Argen-Gen. Outram, reach us in BuenosToombs' Holy Iiiving and Dying. TbeannoimcementofthedeathofSenator Bbodsbick in the Senate on Monday, besidesof the decesised, led to a small discussion be- tween Mr. FosTKR, of Connecticut, and Mr.Toombs, of Georgia, upon the subject of dueling. Mr. Fostib somewhat inappro-DBAS Sibtionai UnioB Party. It is Important that yon ahoall secretly make straagementB la your eooaty aad a>- pear yooiself aa one of the delegates, or that for se- curity the credentials of the delegates bs counter- signed by you in jour own handwriting. The objectonlyplace religious opinions is the mir- boring people torn and tortured by years of follies into wiiich crazes, and theories, andtral authority.ofAll considerations, then, alikepiiilanthropyand ofpolicy,ofAmericantheirpoliticalorshall be carried at once into effectMexico,asshehasbeenforthelasttwenty lasttotakepossessionoftheirminds. Wecurseaspectsent to the Emperor, by the Protestants of Mexican destinies, and its ratification better arguments than we have yet heard, to natore of the men, but in tbe systems of laboras a matter of history, that thethe world to which men do not readily carryingenerally voting against it.Southern testimony, how,weshouldliketobeinformed,wouldthe rigorous demands of commerce and manufac-whatever inansweringit.We can:wheleanma of fashion, but that it ia growing leaa—fancifulthanofold a nobmmilekathese sacksfear that such phe- such viaion. It will take main difference between a Yankee manufac- stacle to its successful establishment with allturer and a Southern planter resides notwhich are >heyto education has accustomed themNsir-yoai, Jan. 28, 18NL It iias l>een deemed adrlsabla in ooasal- tationwitnotiiera,thataConventionoftlireeDeio- gatcB from each county, composed of thoae wiio sus- of the bill. It must now back to the ported tbe l7nion ticket in ttijs State, meet at Blag- sage go hsmtoB Feb. IS, at 10 A. M., at tlie Exchange HotM, statesmanship and of humane regard for a neigh- ket-place. We know that amongst the many calling forth the eulogies due to the character Senate, and, with renewed discussion and to leorganize our State in coojunetiott with the Ns-cuityhardly imagine anything more ludicrously ab-surd than a refusal of the Senate to pay any to be said on eitheraScxMEB,still indecent, assault Hickman, legiti-on mate business transactionswhich will be excited in all right-minded men by such contrasts as this act offers between the purity of their professionsof humbug and hypocrisy very much too barefaced even for our day.convereion of both houses of Con-practical ported a bill in tevor of Iks anti-reatsts, -^*-g*it thadragging scarcely anyand blowselvea and everybody else. Mr. Toombs de- commended. When all days and aU aaaaoaa tmdigestmanyimport-sphere,atth»''atiaBg»'dMi''*Uek'to thebeet mannerof dying.btaUilBrHmdooa. His riiare in the teU unitiimitheNew-OrVsass aad other mtrt* of the trade? Every most is the unpleasant fact which his efiiisions could it be set forth1860, for a person of Mr. Toombs' unquestion-hisliar assortment of ethics on the floor of theSenate of the United States.His notions of the dnty of a patriot hetreated us to a few days ago, and ttteratiiii|iaijaudacityToombs,Georgia, loudly declaim- foons,mtmber of baltM : tktu kavimf nury Hufuemuitt (« fut mend to the attention of the country the of customsLeap-Year which tlie observer aa^ home to their native rocks and sands, 19 a*wivehUafttnddirt,or,i/'ktitone of tkedithon- fact that the person who holds them and sees even now growing upon ear rural pc^xilatiaa^pullingthemdown, involve us alltory,madethewholeyearbrighter. Itwaaataoonfor this session ofe^chCounty,severalbal- ance-of-power Ameiicans hare gone u; to Blagkaa-tion on the bill ;whereas if members had beentoabout which thereRivertnga. Also,alargenumberagaiasttheProRtubit;.willingforegosubject,of the Eaststeamboats from their present laad-confess ourPBOCEKDUfiS OF THS LMIBLATCU.• AUAIT, Tassday, Feb. Ifc Thefollowinghasbeenveryprivatelycircoiatad aaaoog those believed to be eattaralr rsUafale la HmState:AXXBlCAir BALAJrca-FOWXB FASTT IV THa SIASMThe effect of^his rejection will be to delay indefinitely the pas-;get along countrythey must beevery reason to expect liearty concuznace iapay,best itmeasure of reform, the adoption of which on itsownmerits,publicsentiment,ifpublicsen- timent wereJ. L. SMITH, ERASTUS BROOKS, J. T. HEADLET. ANSON SHERMAN', CHA8.B.FHEEMAN.JIn accordance with the call, which has been seatneeded Beform. governed, nnquestionably, byliave been Hr. IfAKiuas introduced a bill to ottarter Ckaadvantages franking privilege may givethe discussion ofover debate, opponents in the coming Presidential cam-The composition of theoften- - can decently preach a homily on either our Senators go to Weisbingfon now, not to at- of the Chenango and fts esHflattaa of the CkaM-perhaps, temperofor but a simple priest, still remains an his annual message. The Democratle Party haUof suchit says about them in its present the better.simplySt. Talentlne's Day.Whether the good St Valentine was a burlytheMis- is not the way to preserve the Union." It is Orleans Pric& Current a letter. from a planter it had not unfortunately given Toombs, lived, many th—at power. Ths DsmfwrsBs Putr"greater portionone of those opportunities of making ity became the unconscious patron of emotions Congress shall not latatfae wUhgentleand for his deeds of love and char-which we are unfortunately bound to believe hia "* Baveqrkt'lta '\-^-' "-^-^-"-l-Uta -arl ilariitlhMrtiw.amIof an abeurdity, or the discharge of a —tiirice five hundred- years a friar most Christiana piece of rant, with aa mnch chimsy and democratic—disdainingcontemporarysection of the eoimtry, to assure the South of than this gentleman imconsciously furnishes in The Senator from Georgia hastens to the perpe- all the Bomeos and Julleta of Christendom for ably and beUly vtafcated tta doeWae «f the pepa-non-intercourse we could not possibly have,their sincere desire to sccore it in the foil en- describing the manner in which Southern men trationsovereign^ of Oa people of tba Tanllntss. qaat-joyment of all its righto under the Constitution,manage the business which they already haveas a duck to a pond. Onthis occasion he waa not content at the hot ot the peaaant .and at the palacemukventuretotimidly niggeatthat the fiwlter'a"Taets probiblyNorth and nut and Wsat.. tSpertars 6wn It mast diseowaes sadjudgment an:^orioesiofUiBmsn eagaged In aaywith teaUfylng caicx'B personalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069prince. carrier-pigeon and official worth, bat took eantadea ; the dadder of locksmiths has invokedHs attaoksd the DseMoraU whs a»aaUntitled Documentavailshimself withsuchextraordinary avidity.that ths daettiaea of the RapiAUeaa Fartr wan dia- malriealiy Gppaaad to these pAelglaa. Ifr. Cuvnlieve,Slaveryforming ao ezosfrtlaa to twith anto his aaoae of Mr. Baea- of tbe He lias been the af l^rty—that>« Sooth, *"* freconciled,asin new reality, notliingthe amendment couldHt. LAWBiacBpresentedapetitianfor aferry be-that a was them to hold real estate whose annual ineon» shall motionnot exceed $IS,00O.Ur. GsAn introduced a bill to araasd the revisedstatutes relatlre to mock anctioBS. It provides thathave dona their shaU forfeit tlM goods to the buyer, pay tnek tksto believeparty no service, by defeating in this small shall go to tbe informer. He gives any Judge, Kayor,themin the conduct ofMr. Fjuaua, from theCommittee, sab taken before_» j ^ifewjutJ-J^" ***'^'*'*» ForLoreisBeavaaaadHeavenlsLeva.'thie is a notplies, we foncy, not that love-makiagla-ieiag eataltogetheraigB,fbr it iaa.begangenerallytodieoat. ThoMornswtonasd anarchy, rath- to hang delighted over the wonderfnl fagas ofPro Ratapub- mitted tbe balsoce ofCommittee. ThisreportcontainsMr.Coas'aths.par^.ia scriana BtaMli%>a. ^Blaveiy la i www.fultonhistory.com 