 I Ii U « ala reoaatyearsthe progress of inten-tthe ofthe Missouri compromise to thoPacificiif the "more perfect adoption of the con> josed to extend to the lirty-six degrees, thirty legal on the southern on tho northern side—a but the extension of that which savedtiMfcountryfrom civil convulsionfortyAs by thin fWision of the territory the North would secure two-thirds free forever from slavery, and Hie South would have only one- third for the extension of its institution, thethoroughly competent special correspondent Tho institution itself hi quite new.If we are not greatly mistaken, thefirstspecialcorrespondentsdespatcheduponveryimportantmissions were those employed by tho New Torkthe secessionists are tired of their experiment they will come back into (he family circle of the Union of their own accordCONTBREXCB or THE BORDER STATES.—There is en irregular line of demarcation between the North'and the South, running across the centreIn tate respect all parties teem to be united,erats are nearly as bitter ia their expressions administration as the republicans, and the feeliidirectice to hourly growing stronger. Unless aIn the pTiicy at Waahington to made soon, a moaUinot imm away wtUwntaeetnf a eattad rre« m thto tee* »• ty. Those who have defended the rights of the So«U Ijam •>*AND im'RTETOB.Mh> wC JnMicansBaeavaa, Ac.•car York,—0*c#nfcocr JO* X9oO-PiCIFIC.ment was so much exercised at being obligeddog a bad name," Ac.; and what applies to pri- those on the north side the border free States. terestiag. LMtkjohn to on hand, and to keeping on*^ :ir-v? «.'"» NEW YORK HERALRp;eoB*^on,>-';jb^^i».HWfftfcMfcs-»«tSSftt ?*hoforo, and was repealed by Con- ceive or the Jieart can wish.fj Js^^^^^t fnttTwT- WiMWF^B"*yv~ ft^ and*nw ber o r ^ again. TW.objec- beHovethat the special repr,AMl'SBMENTS TU MoKBOW EYIBIBO.Washiacua is u&tvaieaUt < ^ > M ties. There are a^w- •0^^^^*' ^^ Wsa pV -OAU>BB\ fK i t Par—%KHOLAt MwKuunrTBSATRS. Bowery. Ttoora. M c v n u orWAXAACXW beosi"*w » J * r f t J * i f l 4 B * » in theHo%of Re. healing measures, might be made the hssia of by night has yet to be described. Atmay be lost unless the President elect shall at once interpose in behalf of peace.the tret necessity, and Con-ardent aupportera of test, and they are fall at aev Mr. Buchanan and ate advKEW BOWKBT THBATBK, Bowery.- STarae—VtttUT Coasum—Mrsiaatae OJBABBTM 8 AXBBiCA* KUSKl -Turn Me* ftt ~to thoBO ft eJsojj^pwWErreiting thorapidly spreading satrit oJWftunion, and restor- ing that ^domeatfo trBJtejpility" which was oneof affairs hi Europe. The great Pow- ers are evidently preparing, for a coming struggle. Even England is arming Corfu and Malta as they were never armed before, and tho already impregnable fortress of Gibral- tar is being rendered doubly seauvehythesub- stitution of Armstrong guns of the hfghest cali- bre for those formerly in use.Austria, of course, is fully equipped, and at a vast expense that can only be sustained by a speedy war and victory. Meanwhile ruin threatens her, and it is that which is most likelyexcitement he must be careful to keep his tem- has the constitutional authority to confer. feeling that their course has stirredper in a sort of moral refrigerator; otherwise and that they who have defeaded he is liable to make serious blunders, and mis- Thus secession may be left to a fair trial with- ciple cannot longer do it withoutlead the public. A rare avis in terris is your out provoking a warlike collision, and whan denunciation of aineteon-tweotietha ofR m Y o r k H e r a l d — C a l i f o r n i aThe House Crisis Committee yesterday agreedto recommend the admission of New Mexico intoborder State Congressional t address a letter to Mr. Lin- coln, respectfully soliciting from him any pro-ooiumns ia length. TN a n O'CLOCK P . M.The newt from Washington this evening hat InfiitanmlMatanzas,from Matanzaaportent for the S o u ^ a s x for the North that the uewspapeqArrespondents should have every facility tofcj-th.e discharge of their-dutios. T" 'been deposited for him with the commlttoe at S t / L o u ^, also that the movement at St. Louis haa been delayed on Van. of Hartford, and E. A Warner, of Springfield, areaccount of there being about to be sent from three to five stopping at the Metropolitan Hovel.hundred guns from Kentucky for repairs, a fact of which Senator Mallory, of Florida; Senator Wilton, of Massa- no one was supposed; to have any knowledge, chusetts, Hon. J. H. Beynolds and Lansing Pruya, of and that this would make quite an addition Albany; Boa. John H. Beagan, of Texas; Mayor W. M. B.Hartley, of Hartford, and Dr. Jewett, of New Haven, art to their stoek If captured. The tetter says the commit- stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.tee expected to have the assistance of a largo number of Captain Oliver Qdridge, of Massachusetts; J. M. Bil- Germans residing in the neighborhood of the St. Lewis lings, C. A. Smith aad J. W. Fitch, all of Philadelphia;arsenal, and most of toe workmen employed In the arse- S. D. Fay, of Baltimore: John Eendall and wife, of nal, and also that one hundred men are to be sent from Washington, and H. Vandaaer, of Charleston, & a , erastopping at the Astor House.Chicago to assist in tote enterprise. Many other details Jcetofa Shall, of Mohawk: J. D. Manny, ot Valparaiso;are given, disclosing great familterty with the internal Mr.*Bottand, of Hartford, E. Emerson, of New Hamp-HfTkLKi. In a i f *.'!><£•MINSTBsLs, Meshaalas' Hatt. OR B road of thewar.—Be «.—Dwss WHOOLBY A CAMPBBtX'H MINSTRBX*, KIWoV wqr.-ntanorua Seeea, Daneae, Beeaaaaoas, Be.—BKW ISAM.OaWTKBBURY MOWC BALL, SO Broadway. p u t u , Bvausuosa, So.MELODSOK, Bo. HO Broadway.-Sowos, Otaon,a»t*>must be in half a dozen places at the same gress may keep the peace by recognizing tem- se<^s8kitisU and the admin iatrattea at Wt akiaftoa « * , moment and should have a dozen eyes and a 4*tfditlon.The mail steamship Artel, Captain Mater, will leave this acceptance of fhkr arrangement on the part ofport on Monday at noon for Asp awall. t. the South would be extremely liberal By ThemaltsforCaliforniaandonerparteofto*Pacific thedecisionoftheSupremeCourtofthewill ctoee at torn o'clock on Tuesday morning. - Tha Nsw YOBK WmoaT H w n n CaliforniaUnib^UPoirfes in the Ored Scott case, every older has a perfect right to go into any part of the common territory and settle withthe army is being similarly perfected, and all the central conservative body of the American Litttejohn-B party teem to be pteytng a game of brag, appliances necessary for transport arc rapidly all important points, and the true history of people. We are not speaking of the first two and rely in their eftbrts a great deal upon what they CM the uprising of the European peoples is to be or three lines of counties from the Canadian aider the invincibility of their tMsMJJOa A ramsrcontaining the latest tetsUigeuee from all part*world, with a large Quantity of lOMt andmatter, will, in coeeeqatacoaf Tuesday beintjnaw Year'! his slaves, despite of all territorial legisla-advancing towards completion. found only In the files of the Times and other frontier of these border free States. They are haa bean started this afternoon that the two ooaIky,|»publishedatAree'etoekealatsjfiptfealng. tionandalllawsofCongress.Theconstitu-Agent* wMlTaenewnfrom WsaUaftonmAnother break ia the Cabinet is iiiiutmtoll. Mrof War, yesterdav resignedthe sake of peace and harmony, and the North ought to be content with the concession for the sake of the Union, which is worth far moretertain any proposals for tho sale of Venetia. placed on the general staff, with the rank classed with tha New England political section All Europe knows that the Italian-Hungarian of Mater. Subsequently, when the cor- of the Union. Wears speaking of the people_j six cootsby the Supreme Court, la law of tho land. The South wouldthis port, put into Norfolk yeaterday short of coal, fere with it till a new State, on admission intofine had experienced aaevere and continued gate the Union, prohibits it by its constitution. Yet,of wind. She was to leave for her destination lastin violation of these principles of justice, the Northern members of Congress in 1819 refusedXlitti M*I(MU8 /luaafl IMOYtqrtm%06a*dhMs^ wMr**lteerotis popthat the life of a newspaper wWMissouriComprotiilljns was m¥lk mmkim^tM IhntIIISBII of bath eeottoa*ejected all oom- that am J** it ami si seassv ,*tenrrf it; and if it nnuTly foils there, on appeal ami aft manner o* swoet an*ought to be made to the people ia felT sove- euwt things. As ft rule the tru The principal of these propositions--the ex- reign capacity. It is not all that is needed, but quite the reverse of all Otis. The lifetension of too Missouri Una of oomnropise— "special" correspondent, w it would go a great length to arrest the pro-the recognition of a seceding State as an in-nation. What, then, ia to ho eVteot {JjJ-jfS!tional right in two-thirds of the territory for key to all this in the refusal of Austria to en tive of one of tho loading papers being tion ideas, that they can be only properlyrimaeet. atan eatwhich to being fuUy veriSed ItI notice that quite a number of Matteton's party had their fingera in fan aches*war which threatens her ia the ensuing springrespondents had ventilated the corruptions, of these border free and slave States whosethe Italians and Hungarians are to struggle London Times—precipitated an attack upon to got lid of slavery is to permit it to expand. will therefore be of the most vital character. Pekin, which movement resulted in tn%capture By diffusing it over a largo surface it is diluted Meanwhile the dissatisfaction which has of that city and the destruction of the Empe-and weakened. By confining it to a narrow prevailed at Naples since the entry of Victor ror's palace. During Garibaldi's reoenfoam- compass it is concentrated and rendered more Emanuel still exists, In the absence of those paign the correspondents were attached fo theGov. Morgan's message will not be teat ia to the Leato- dings of these Congressional lature before Wednesday noon, as be does not wiaffto oea. Let a committee in eprive the members of tbe privilege of entoyiffir New Year by listening to the reading of a itimiiui s u nthe Union as a State, with or without slavery, asher people may elect. The proposition received compact If slavery be an evil, it is aggra- material benefits which the army of disbanded General's staff, and were treated*with the positions of compromise which he may think the excitement here. The only' tostn, totted of at tatthe support of all bat Ave of the republican mem- vated tenfold by increasing in any locality the officials had hoped to acquire by the change of greatest consideration. The NKW YORXH^RAII) ' bers of the committee.. number of slaves in proportion to the whites. It regime. On the 3d instant the audience hi one had correspondents at the battle of "vwltarnoThe South Carolina Convention yesterday was is humanity, on the principles of the republicans of the theatres insisted upon the "Hymn of and at the siege of Capua. v 4f ^i otote to the coarse that the administration will take ianotified by the Collector of Charleston that ail the themselves, to permit slavery to expand west- Garibaldi" being sung, whereupon the Pied-A large number of members came to on toe evening trato, and between tbe secession excitement and the bot- tonholeing of candidates, Albany presents a livelytion adopted an ordinance authorizing the pay- labor. Thus the mistaken policy of the re- at tho point of the bayonet sustained the longer compelled to wait for the dry official from the President elect Or, cannot the The contest between Litttejohn and Sobteaon to ex- ment af duties in bills of the banks of the State, publican party really tends to perpetuate and people, and put an end to the interference of despatch, tinctured by prejudice, favoritism Illinois delegation bring him to the rescue? ceedingry close, but the chances to-night team In favorrevenue officers had entered tha service of the' ward, where it is destined to become gradu- montese troops attempted to clear tho place. respondent has become one of the most import-State, and that he had commenced receiving dn--tf« and transacting other business. The Conven- ally extinguished by the competition of free Just then the National Guard appeared, and ant requisites in modern warfare. We are no fail to command a full and respectful answer especially at the principal hotels.instead of specie, as required by the federal go- vernment;strengthen slavery Instead of diminishing itthe Piedmontese. This shows ft bad slate of or routine; but we have the clear, fresh, vividfeeling between the two armies, and it will notSuppose they try.' " ".'•MM ' Me>of the former/ Bets are freely offered that LitUejoaa will be Speaker, and they are quickly taken by the other side. Tkemdiee««»aroemtPren«ergTa«w1HlioMtaa balance of power. Hto forces will ia thajend be foundAs far as the abstract right is concerned itIn addition to the occupation of Fort Moultrie is undoubtedly with the South, and all the ter- be a matter for much surprise if we should of which he was, and aB of which he saw. Inand Castle Pinckney, and the Arsenal, Custom ritorial legislation of Congress since the forma- hear shortly of a collision, which would have this country the labors of the special corres-Hoase, and Peat Office at Charleston, by the secea- tion of the constitution has been aggressive the effect of giving increased strength pondent are even more onerous than in Europe. The Secretary of the Treasury has refused to accept aay aionists, the Treasury Department waa yesterday to the Mazzini faction—a result much There, if taken prisoner, ho is considered as a of the bids for the late fire million loan which demandedUnprized of the seizure of the revenue upon the rights Of tho Southern States. , In- to bo deplored. Garibaldi, it is said,more than twelve per centum interest. Thus leas thantwo millions are accepted—an amount about sufficient, itH a r k e u T rHILADBLPHIA STQCX BQABS.PsaaTaABHaVsaaA. B O * ^ Stocks steady. Pittaajl a State &'s.l i s nneutral Power, is well treated and released.is to bocaptain,whotoanativeofthatState. TheNavy commontreasureofallthe States belongs entirearmyagainstAustriaintheforthcoming country,amonghisfellowcitizensandengagedcutter at that port by the authoritiesdependently of the plain principle that terri-Railroad, IT*; Morris Canal, toM] York>»aXpercent.commander-in-chiefDepartment waa also informed by Lieutenant equallytoall,andthatcitizensoftheSouthern campaign.IthasbeensuggestedthatItFfanois in apeaceful missionof observation and in-of South Carolina, and the resignation of her tory acquired by the common efforts andof tileHere, when he imagines himself in his ownis said, to pay the interest on the public debt due on the t%\ Pennsylvania Railroad, MX.Foster, commanding the slaver Bonita, which was States have the same right to enter itwith their carriedtelaCharlestonasiprize,thathisprisoncr, negroslavesascitizensoftheNorthernStatesquiry, hefindshimself (as in tho case of one of our South Carolina correspondents, whoseTheRepublicanannouncesthereceiptofaletter,datedChicago the 13th i n s t , addressed to the commandant of CotTe quiet at 12>»c. a 13cthe captain of the Bonita, waa taken en writ ofwith their hired labor or their horses and mules,. •* PUTT ,nrrnjfc fj^c ISSS.habeas corpus before a State Judge, who remanded there la an express stipulation in the treatythe United States Arsenal at St. Louis, which details' theproceedings of a republican meeting for the purpose ofaidingtheKansassufferers. It then gives anaccountof Cornscarceat6Tc. Whiskeysteady atlSn.a secret meeting of ten persons, daring which a commits. „ Tan CHABLBTO* Qatfrtowwn vs. T o Hjjrrrons Co*- tee of three was called on to report what assistance had varaw.-ilaasaehusetts, the old Bay State, which re-ipgeea sent to Oapt. Montgomery, and what had been fused to allow one of her militia to leave her territory todone at St. Louis. The plan developed was Jo Cgbt against England at the war of 1812, la now, accord- take possession of the United slates /rseoalat St. lKmifl and also of Jefferson Barracks, and remove ingto dhr despatch from Boston, to full of fight that theall toe property to Kansas. The committee reported that to nnTinraitn lasryyinrTrn thousand men at once to some point at the SouthWbere she can whip somebody.of violence at the hands of the mob, the ship, he waa forcibly taken from bis custody of the Mississippi, that therighnytndimmunities events promise to be very exciting in Italy a man comes from the North he must necessari-Ffcttr firm at *5 12% foraupernne.3,001 bushels red at f l 3Qa$l 36; white, SI 40 a l l M.him on the ground af want of jurisdiction, andthatwhileconveyinghiaprisonerfromthecourtto withFrancecedingtheterritoryindisputewest tosuch.*decisiveremedysooner. Onthewhole, whoseemtotakeit for granted that becauseby a mob. of the citizens occupying it should be held in-The steamship which passed Cape Race on Fri- violate. Now, It Is not disputed that one of day last at eleven o'clock A. M., showing No. those rights was to hold slaves; and as a treaty7,912, was the North American,fromLiverpool 20th becomes the supreme law of the land, equal in Via Londonderry list last., hound to Portland, at authority to the constitution itself, prohibitionwhich place she will probably arrive aome time of slavery by Congress or Territorial Legisla-for some months to come, and there is no tell- ly be a negro thief or an instigator of servileto-morrow.The steamshiptures cannot legally operate in anypart offor the Louisiana territory. No power earn inter-Tun CITY FnuHea%~-The national financesseem to be ia a deplorable condition at the pre-sent time, between (he robbery of the'IndianTrust Fund bonds, the repudiation of tha Trea-sury loan bids, and the enormous rates whichthe government are compelled to pay formoneys and our own city finances appearto be not in the best condition either; hot thegreat difficulty is to get some one to keepthem safe Anew City Chamberlain has justbeen appointed, confirmed, and has givenbonds for the faithful performance of his du-ties. To the gentleman appointed, Mr. Devlin,there can bo no possible objection. Be Is asuccessful merchant, a wealthy man, and is ever, will be equally as well performed The not a politician. But the system of keeping press has become so important a power in the andmanagingthofinancesis highlyobjection- land that it cannot, if it would, shrink fromPersonal IntelligentII. can be expelled from Gaeta in the interval,it will bo weH* for Victor Emanuel to declareNaples in a state of siege, in order to put an narrative we print elsewhere) in danger end to the incipient anarchy which prevailsthere. It would* be dangerous to have recourse1stofJanuary.Reported Aid for Cant. Montgomery. Sr. Loins, Deo. 28, I860.Flouractive andfirm, HowMUaSaetandjKjfsa for superfine. Wheat firm at f l » a SI SO Bar red aad U. Si a SI 00 for while Corn buoyant I ar Ahite at 62c. a 67c ProvtototH dull anding how they may end, or how much their re- sults may influence the future history and map of continental Europe.insurrections. It will bo, aswell for us to know whether we are sending -out correspon- dents into a hostile or a frienoDyTcountrm In either case' they will*l! sent, and will la!a/lo> discharge their duties faithfully, without pre.The journalist is the historian of the times, and he must.* have his material, even if he is obliged "to >sedk it>at tho cannon's mouth. Heretofore, both at home and abroad, the journalists have been found in the front of the battle. And now, if we shall be obliged to the test resort of nations, and to draw the sword, the duties of the special cor- respondent, although more dangerous than^aayforSoatitemaanarsinadvanceofthemail. tbemarriageofAlfredC.BUfcbsnanits,Secretaryofbody of the ansa supposed to have beenmurdered near Calvary Cemetery, Long Island, to admit the State of Missouri into the Unionbecause it would not prohibit slavery, and at further been ateeavorad catoalated to afford a clue last they only consented to Us admission onhas aot yet been identified, nor has anythingto the unravelling of the mystery. A few dayssfter tha discovery of fibs body of the man A sbody of a fowl was also discovered. It was hi a lying north of tUrvynsix degrees thirty minutes,all the appearance of having been also in the This led to the supposition ^m^^^g' .apism*w ^pw^^sm asm ^^aav j^^paaan'^^^M^Baasm m^^virasterday,with I from tha trees. The aaka *-iTrrani 4Woat use., sad at the alma maw haiaaa deThis was therefore'a compromise which was extorted from theSouth by the power of theNorthmCongress. , j'NewMexico;andtheanti-slavsryagitationwas•nunin i nCtenanu ancaawaa,Oonn.,Dec.2&,I960.\ foawisaji to all death* - Wo aroT a x j u a } ^ territory period,and(SjjwrsdaA Are was discovered about one o'clock this morning, fellow citiaen, Charfce MeoaJotaaffis*.., , - o w ** ia Beers' building, corner of Water and Gilbert streets, street, was .the scene of a brUteatt coarocttiea of i any and aB of its responsibilities to tile public in a room occupied by J. J. Dontop as a hoop akirt facto- men aad rate women. They wire assembled m hotthe condition of ti»e South surrendering itsright to emigrate h#b any pkrt of the territory brown feathers on its head slavery being prohibited north of that line.of the St. Louis arsenal.shire; John B, Fanner and wife, of Providence; W. C Whittimore, I . L. Vulte, Jr. and J. W. Colbura, all of New York, are stopping at the Albemarle HoickAlt the Court maybethata contrary of the constitution may bo givenUntitled Documenttheirelopement w»in Grand street,hail In taaawiitSif Sail fir Jet*received a valuable acoatahry la theShe ooocer** aad aaatnveS the pteaa. aad made all neeet- tary pre-paratlona far a ^"laatl^aaBmiaBiaaV t*a- fortunr.teiy, however,Mr. Won* leoelvwi wardlof the ar- rangement end succeeded in interceptmf tiw fagaivea«i OK. ferry. After a aattofactory exptaaetfcn regarding the 'jttentkma of the young gentiemaa, the prtocipala • « •marrkd with the consent of aB eoncercsd partKt, M iForinstance,theamountofmoneyhanded over to the City Chamberlain is over font mil-ry.Beers'foundrywasconsiderablydamaged. His andbuildingtoabout*3,600,farwhichheisDualop'a loss is about $1,600, and he is also inBetftoaLegationatWaabjajma,*>MtetLayh. onlydaughter offtea^fTMacateater, af teacityagain revived, and reached a dangerous crisis lions of dollars, and during the year some South Carolina, through the regular forms of ain^leoO, when the South offered to extend theeight or ton millions pass through the lands State Convention, has repealed her acts recog- of this officer. This money is lodged in one nizing tho constitution and generalgovernment of the city banks—in (ho present case of the United States. She has issued variousAbout two tjamjaj atetaaad Nos. 7 and 9 Wall entirelythis morning a are broke oat •tore of Booth, Peck*up, which in the Broadway Bank; and the only sawUTt^ given for Ite aafekeeping is a beted of dollars, in whiohxfourordinamwhich S40,000 is in- burned. Loss buildings werethat he is worth over a hundred nodoubtheis. Bat wointainly beyond (bo reach of danger wl> Some better system adopted. Why not retaininaklndofThe cityreceivesdeposits; so that is lodging it inMtet Kisaam Miss Lane... alias Lewis.... Mist Paul' • I f *-T* ..iMa 'St «* I-udicial department Ict Commit** t f a * tfeje, \j • u i t N L U U ana^ \/i*s»* lending journal, either jn London, or Paris, or aha wffl not bo cuibreach beta*(Aft the cannot be repealed. All who deajro the pes- worthy tho name anywhew else Ms ' "agreed to report to Pftuation of tho Union and to save the country honored and petted over and above all ordi-to 4 m r up measures at* ptoniise a part of the constitution, so that it New York—and there are really no jeurtsss^sf** * rromindependence by fee JDiaitedLjftatos; Wery flie Senate on Monday next that they had been from civil war ought to promote this compro- nary mortals; that his journeys are after the has made no provisionunable to agree upon any basis of •attaament'' mise measure; and notwithstanding that com- manner of triumphal marches; that for for the coercion of a seceding State; but it is Th* is not unexpected news to us. The ex mittees of Congress hare not adopted It, a last bim the fatted calf is always killed, and equally true that it makes no provision [forJmHWXmM 1 by John Colrane and gress of rerotation, and, with one orteroother culties, its tedious journeys by day and vigils dejure, in the Union; and yet we fear that fall diftercnt portions of thepMUjP iliirtl H I,- '^rwhjswjwpi by rarioug Ambers reconciliation and of permanentstep the "special" is encountered by the inso- lence of office or the rudeness of the mob. Heof Coagreea, in modified forms, houses, and submitted by Mr.Sena)immediately bye to be voted for Inlaboth the ,andpeace. ' SIONB or THB Turns IN ECIUnion" < stitatioftt. It was Pacific tike line miniside of it andagainst the raid of the aboHtkmteto sad republicans ameignporarily the seceding State or States in that ptetelydisarms these who bare stood a / ' t o t t o S m S i wi hundred hands. In the midst of the greatest attitude.of semi-nationality which Congress heretofore, and makea them powerka* beA ** *be bfttw 'So•correspondence^ publishedas a tolerably complete view of the;fact, it is the nniveraal remark thai the**tthissWua SItached to the army and navy, and the govern-Kansas. The States divided from each other by labor to protect Southern institutions at long at they* remain in the Paten; but do not teem to be toatteette*Thus it will be seen that the newspaper cor-Vice President Breckinridge, of Kentucky(the native State of Mr. Lincoln), could hardlypicture by a man who describes an event partAve thousand dollars worth of arms had been sent to judiceto any party or fiction. It is as im- C*P*- Montgomery, and that ten thousand doUaanj^tIs SOUTH Canomra OUT or TUB UNIOX?—Vice Regent of the "" tyfaan*Lane.. NteeHopkmafor Pita..Betrofl Grtbow. UOwOtul KortrigU. ;.wh^DooVU-^U. MDr. Ptaceatt.$$Pi^jk3test&^w^mm^ymmmthis line are called the border States—those on fight their battles when arrayed against the raallllaUta, to rum her. We know the proverb, "give a to receive the news of the operations of its the south side being the border slave States, and The otateat for Speaker hat already l a t a d e e t t s u y f c jthr-Vm*. She can only be cut off by. tt* recognition of Jnor.Are we to have civil war! Wo hope not jffit. i j y Deor»to Ae Union,aeene still remains,i^JT^S^^S^t^L. " " • f e m m a i c s sar u a Sf lasmamsMand New Orleans journals during the Mexicanwar. Some of these correspondents were at- of the Union from tthe Atlantic seaboard to ready to do ail they can in the same direction and wtlSunvate credit and reputation applies equally to forces through such "irresponsible" sources as Tho former are Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, rooms at the Di-teran, the headquarter! this winter of a* JUSTthe newspapers, that it prohibited officersthose of nations. France is steadily preparing Kentucky and Missouri; the latter class com-of the united service from contributing tofor any emergency, and her naval forces are their columns. This action did not, however, prises New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, There are only about one-half tt the members here ytt,being brought up to the highest efficiency, remedy the matter. We received the news as Illinois and Iowa. Tho inhabitants of both, bat Rcbineon teems to have the inside track with than. which is saying much, for it is generally ac- before, in advance of the government During these classes of States, living contiguous to But no positive oonetoeion can be drawn at to tee m i knowledgedthatsheisbetterequippedinthat thememorableeventsof1848,thoLondon eachother,constitute,withthecityofNew- strengthoftaatwocandidatesbeforeMoaoay,waa respect than England herself. At the same time journals employed special correspondents at York and its immediate surroundings, the greet there will be a full attendance.RussiahasregainedmorethanheroldBritishjournals.DuringtheCrimeanwarthesoforremovedfromthedividinglinebetweentoatantowereabouttofmsnanisilwitheir«i*masm eteswgth since the , Crimean war, and Germany newspaper correspondent was first recognized H. A. Prendergrast, of Chautauqua ooanty; but a* tha is an anxious spectator of the moves on the free white and black slave labor, and so tho- gentleman is an active Weed man thto may be ooneidere*therefore bo giving up Its legal and constitu- I political chessboard of nations. We find the by the military authorities, the representa- roughly impregnated wish New England aboli- as simply a dodge at iittlejoBn t frimuto to weaken Beb-is inevitable; and the consequences of such a abuses and general inefficiency of the Com- intimate social and business relations have are here working teahmaly for to~*tuae of t h i s s f f I K e part of Mr. than all the territory.It is sad to think of the government founded collision are so uncertain yet ominous that the missariat and Quartermaster's Department, brought them into a happy political accord card that the member from Oswego to ptoytnjin ear telegraphic despatches, by the patriots of the Revolution being dis-an ineffectual attempt was made by Lord Rag- lan to snub the newspaper men. During the late Italian campaign, ending with the bathewith each other. seating the contest as being a fight between the &xm*{) Jourvl and the Tribm*, or Weed verti Seizing upon this idea of harmony between ley. Should the dfeMon of the roreea i s •the border free and slave States, our Congres- that totue, there to no question of thefor to aplentiful hi Lombardy. The London News sional peacemakers at Washington, represent-of Charleston, and in this demand slavery could ever be established north of tho of-war before Gaeta. This act has been forced ing said States, had a joint conference the Greeley will net have force enough to buryed by the Secretary of War. The Missouri line. The competition of white labor" upon the Emperor Napoleon by the false con- states thai a correspondent of that journal and haa decently after the battte laclusion arrived at by the King in his last cir- a representative of the Nxw YORK HEKAUJ, other evening on the crisis, and from the to the point that the fBtontto of Bobinton have to fearto disavow the action of lla- would oust it more effectually than any laws having ventured within the Austrian lines, proceedings of this first meeting the move- more than anything else.pying Fart Sampler, and that could be enacted by Congress or Territorial cular to his ministers at the European Courts, ment looks encouraging in behalf of the Union. The Qerk of the Howe to also warmly contested. Thefederal forces in the position Legislatures. On the other hand, it is folly on where he stated that France was more his were taken prisoners. The French correspon- But in this connection we have a suggestion to prominent candidates for it are nklwuteta, of Albany the abandonment of Fort tho part of the North to attempt to pre- ally than his personal protectress. That he dents were not permitted to follow the army, make, which, if adopted, will most probably GiBtapte, of New York; SchofteU,of Uttea;Oeit,of Living-vent the extension of slave labor in will make a desperate endeavor to held out but the British and American journalists were be worth more to the ends of peace and har- ston, and Beynolds, of Niagara. •tenthe South Carolina Cammissioaerssolved for a mere abstraction, which climate,necessity of being prepared for sudden events is universally feltof the President, as an ultimatum, the soil and the natural laws of migration haveThe last shield of Francis LT. is soon to befthefederalforcesfromalltheforts practicallysettled;fornoonebelievesthat withdrawn,bytheremovaloftheFrenchabips- ofSolferino,newspapercorrespondentswereconsultation lasted six the territory lying west of the South- till spring, when the contemplated war of the always found in the advance, taking notes & & Williams to oa hand again tor the oOtee of Ser- mony than anything else that could be devised. geant-at-Arms, and at he has made one of the mast effi- resignation of the Secre- ern States. As the republicans disclaim any Italians with Austria will leave him some room with the sang froid of men who had Abraham Lincoln, the President elect of the cient offlceri in that capacity that they have ever had to the lower bouse, there Mliitie doubt but that he will be United States, hi a citizen of Illinois, one of retained. The opposition 10 him does aetaeetn to amountof War was accepted. It ia stated that theia preparing a special message, which in the Southern States, they can gain nothing Austria is victorious, not only will theintention or any right to interfere with slaveryfor hope, we have not the slightest doubt. If smelled powder from their infancy up. Duringtiie Chinese war, which has just ended, the cap- ture of an advaaoa party—one of the membersthese aforesaid border free States. Our sug-to much.The claims of all the aspirants will be settled in caucanew monarchy be overthrown, but Francis II.it events ia Charleston. The appearance such a policy there would not be one slave the will regain his kingdom. The stake for which of which waa the special correspondent of-ttfe5 ^u^cUBo, b£ be invited to participate by letter ionefUuUetpansure. ! ^be sent to Congress to-morrow, in reference by circumscribing it in a small area. By will be looked for with the great- less. On the contrary, the most effectual waygestion is, then, that, without standing upon aon Monday night, or the evening previous to the onanise--warnd to save the Union, and who knowsat something good may come out of her own use. Every breeze from the cotton States s e e s *roth? A* letter, for example, from Mr. to strengthen and consolidate the feeling against them.The buiII M lI I *T l i e G o v e r n m e n t L o a n s .W ASHUKSOS, Dec. SO, 1809.witoUtttetohn.|p T' * r ^Weed repvbtieaos. Bobmson, hn chief opponent, to atOocgTem Hall, an* to also busy pimUim kit otetharegard to South Carolina appropriating the revenues to»Mr. C. W. Thomas, of the L'nited Sutes Army; Jaited StatesSalomons, of Baltimore; S. Emerson, of Boston; & J.A BITLOMA TIC[From the Philadelphia Pram, gee, SB.JWBDDI.S'O. OnThursdayarentnglasttheresidenceofour<••••»»•••.Count]lilts Wurts.... • • 1 • • # • • • • .Bichaxd O/btn. ,or that a republicanPresidentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069would ha obtained by keep-www.fultonhistory.com 