 THE MVIsltN f F STATES...whichwasdeolgsedforUMp-oteeitnno'»\ racesareequal,thestove,toj fersgftatton against toe aootol nystem of the pre ^ment^wd. radicate htf <• impeace sad nssafety. 8b",what obje«*oftoo«epe!B*>B8,aadofth«telaVwtitth thanasaskvt,slaveholder oduus ,„ .___ ,_ sataatoblstn *all Nerthera toaw, aad of the whole e«v,'i -. • • »r,MSsens*of a looked directly to a moral war, to ho wafedre of toe c*a of the Btotea, against their peace aad safety. In de-af too coai-titotamv toey proposed to eWtohalevery to «te- arsenals, m foe tocfc yards, to the Oatnctof Caoaah*, aad, worse tkaa all, toey proposedtoftoettaa the store trad* betwoaathe Stotet, under s.*c»oapreteite that evils accompanied thai trade, as if too sameevils might set he found to cooneotom with eml-gratfoB from abroad; ao if forced amigratioo,either of whites or blacks, whether oimsotoaiil by toe•eceerwks of poverty or by to* will of toe master, wo*Mact be accompanied wito OTB, aad with occasional semteeof dtotreta. and yrt, air, say body who has studied toehistory of the paw, cannot have failed to observe that ittototovery operation which h u enabled UMbtock to im-prove la Ms physical aad moral condition so rapiily In proeip'ea ot right aad toe greet maxim of "do as you distant, seems to hove passe 1 away from toe recollection day to defend their name from tho foal reproach? for the sBftmchmg i and eaha eheerfoinsst nana•»«ctk*r iMporUiitHe Utwlnwda 0»epif, one tf the Har-totffiff.per * Ftiry Qiiltwi,8EVAT0B HUBTER'8The denial of thto reqoaitioo, aad numerous deaces of wafrtoadbT feeing which are ' dailybyalargeportioaoftoeNorth*raevfa ana toeirliiiwoed. i fIowa,A * ~wouldbedose by." Mr.PrcsMeat, I atssWWtedfBthe truth of this maxim,and properly interpr*ted, nvindicates by its wisdom its divine ongto; but when miapphod and misrepresented, it may be made the means ot tofinite mischief. If I wrre to doss I would be dooe by in hto cast, I would probably set free the murderer from toe jailwbeiem he was confined; but If I would do as I would be toev are the real cause, is ss far remote fron ruth as light to might of a noble cause, and expel too intruders from the Shy Sf aacpticg prompt, energeticmeasures to pretest oar rights, secure dirw •»• iebmanufactures,sadthusachieveBhMjJsnj dence Whenmraholdingthehighestoffiotol•toe frt* States, "fool" sad "express adaMa a moderate aattmate to suppose that there are from threeMfourmillionhamaabeset***toeNortheastern who owe their livelihood and subsistence to thenow in alliance with too English, were to send sush emissariesasthisHelperintotheEastIndies,tostirup civil strife, to produce domestic insurrection, to sow thethus these States would not have near toe share of the profitsarisingfromthisvaluablecustomthattheynow enjoy, and, if that be true in regard to the old Southernthe equality between all the members of that race was ao completeandsoperfect. Thereneverwasanyschemeor society in which it was so safe to try the experiment—Imarket for their produces la of immense value; and I know, too, that to that asarkat must ba credited the supplies which they turns*, to those three or four miilioa peopleBritish government to India, bow long would the entente ccrdiale last? How long before either shore of the chan nel would resound with the roar of those immense enlalive capacity to accumulate wealth would be greater when our territory was settled in a mode which gave ber customers without a rival, than if that settlement werefree labor as it is practiced in toe non-slaveholding Sums, the experiment which they have commenced, will be murh apter to succeed if associated with a s than if toeyor affirmations or acknowledgments may be taken before peared that b e had fallen from a carriage while intoxi- any Justine of the peace, of any State or rerntory, such cated, aad received a severe fracture of toe skull, which,»y%*««^••It I*,indeed a fact." saidUeteral Raex,aMowBagteadBMM. after returning- from a visitto the OMtern eountry, 'teat my country. .1 will yet hope that toe great army of representative men towards toe Sooth akhtsxesare too ostensible cans*of the •ommo ion, but tout Northern democrats and conservative* will artee in the of domestic slavery, ought to impresstfsnI tSPEECH.bebeve be is, then experience ban show; j N Iest relation which y o u c a a establish betwsxaad toe white is toe relation of mm*TM***"-then, rtr, by what authority BtottMlWB hsMWattoa which all governments hove fwaad »Ssaary,«d whtoh has hern common to nearly all toe nations of toe world, » now !renounced a naaao a crime? * toe voice of expe- rience to go for nothing? Are its teachings without value. Bat w s are told that slavery to contrary to too abstractbeen eminently conservative, and has assisted too son-cesscftoeir«!rperimei.t8ofsr. I believe, too, that nothingooul«) more help the future success of tb-ir experiment^P». MMcontinual asswctotoia with a a-.heme of society those who disappoint them of toe deetiay which would teclarta it was "reheard to setae extent af as g ,«f Mr. iiougia*, to netr ict toe OmnMteo oa MM Judicnry» (•(.«!» s ^ to s*a*ct sach State* sad Territory of toe that the very hoe of direction which the law of profitfrom darkness. The people who are the inmrgenta have neverpaidanv,orbutverjlittle,toxea:Buitoevseetoeweaknessof government, they feel at ones tieir owa poverty, comparedwiththeopvulent;\ dtheiro«hfores sadtheyaredeter-intied to make rise of the latter to order to remedy the former.Their creed is. that the properf of the United States has been scheme of government as this, freighted, as it might haveObm aguaM mvaatoa by UM authorities or people of u i »u.«r tenia or Territory. Mr. Hnrraa said:—would give him * that which H best for his own happi- seee and improvsment, for it taken him to a chmate witch tomorecotgrniai to hisphysical wants andnnnatn't. It was tons that slavery baa been transferred from toedone by to the thousands of innocent people on whom he would thus be turned Ijose, I would not aid his escape. If Iweretodoas1wouldbedonebytothisease, Iwould, ptrbart, emancipate ths stove; but If I were to do aa Iteats of power I will trust to toe influence of truth, whoreempiretofelt in everyhnssan heartwhenooceit bastoncbedit 1will potmyforthhigheryet—mProvi- cence-for it cannot be that God will permit such athat ia UMaortoeattorn section, roaipraort of UM North- cursed of man and God, and as sustaining institution* aasasra tree Motto, there exaus a virtual aaoaopoly of UM which are incapable of pa iation or defence, feel mat they aavcaiag aad aaaniifartiirmg httereOta of UUs oanfedera- are justified in attacking as by all toe means in their power, no matter what may be the consequence? I know terest M raise Irve stock aad provinces, aad that the that gentlemen have risen here to daclaim all sympathy aaathera Smtee, owing M the nature Of their labw and the or approbation with that attack, and I do not mean, by toaasMtsoaaof slavery, find r. most profitable to plant, to any means, to impeach their sincerity; but it is to b* re- tsaas toe great staples of ootton, saggar, tobacco aad nee. matked that In noae of the non tlaveholdtng States where the republican party have the predominance have theGovernorsofthose States, or,asfaraaIkoow,the I/•gtalatures, proposed any legislation wbch was calcu-youtheconditionswhich are botictteiu) to us,anlwe I find that there are symptoms that Um feelingtherefore propose a separation." Sir, m y word for it, ii which prompted and instigated that rebellion, whichthe proposition were to come from toe North to shown to have been so formidable to iuem States, based on such ground, there would \> day, and which required to be put down by arms,no rtEistanco in the South; and I do not know but m a is still alive. In the correspondence which was GswTunru or ma Sasara aao Hoi sa or Dsuec4TSB— possible separation there might be some system of a coa fonnd in the possession of John Brown to UMtotoHarper'stbem, have been faithfully complied with The Stiatona people ask lor nothing beyond their sssaanwaawal rtohts. and 1 trust tbey will be satisfied wito nothing less It to time, therefore, that e a r natthsia brethren should u n - derstand thai tbe only means of insuring too perpetuitye y , that the Northwestern Mateo had a moat to their In-K i i k w o o d S e v e r e l y D e m i t W i M k . Exscrnva IisvaRTaa.'cr, Feb. 18,1800.UM Santo; becaoee, when hat numbers press on toe means o f TObetofeuee, a a d times a r e likely t o g o hard with htm, toe tow of profit intervenes, and he to trans ported to a rountr* where his labor to more profitable, aad he gets a large i-bare of toe product in return; and it so happens, by a Beneficial arrangement of Providence,of many of oa—I mean '-Shay's Rebellion " Let as see what it woo ttmt prompted it. ana b y what motives toey were governed who carried it oi:—Mr. Fretidem. when I thtak of what It is that amy ba de- stroy eo b y this narrow spirit of sectional bote aad bigotry. I torn away fron tbe contemplation with a fe-hng of almost indignant despair;hotIwill sotasyetdespairofbelieve hews* governed, a n l which he met the consequences of hto failure."that toe French government were to mate their dipko malic communication with the British governmenttoe means and medium of taunts and insults for the crueltiesslaveholding States, is It not manifest that toe relative shareofpoliticalpowerofNew Englandwouldbegreater for that txtensiou than if the Union were Increased bypugilist, was pssstag through Fifth avenue, Bear Thir- teenthstreet,hediscovered deceased lyingtothomiddle) of toe street, and, supposing he was taloricated, took bintNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1860.-TR1PLB SHBKT.thai at the State* on UM Pacific coast w e and another an idaaVeatgreatparsuit—I mean Ummining ofgoto. Itwill be perceived that, owing to UM peeuhar eoaetitutiotiof Saataera moor, these intereata are not hostile aadrtvai, but •tiUmdnry. Finding a mere profitable to applytheir labor to the ptontmg interest than to navigation oraaaaufacterea, toey become a great people of customers other House a man who bad endorsed a book which unions in tho nature of a treaty—a treaty which might slaverv commence? Met when man subject* ma fellow toOoppoc, who bad been engaged hi the Harper's Ferry raid, and had fled from justice. I had satisfactory evi dence ttmt the fugitive was, at UM time, at UM residence of his mother to that State, and subsequent events have folly confirmed Um accuracy of UMinformation, the Governor refused to grant UM requisition, tor reasons as signed to two letters which accompany this communica- tion, and to which I invito your attention.aad ant of rivato to UM northeastern interests of naviga SMB sou manuiaetarca. Taa BUM may be salJ, to a great aiMal, of UM proviaton raising States af the Northwest. aae tana it at ptam that, owing to taw vary constitution of twenty, wo have a collection, not of hostile, but 01 sub anBUTinterests. Now,sir,UMprectoevalueoftan •satoim asarkat to UM Northeastern States 1cannot est.preached precisely what John Brown practised; whicn secure to tarh ot them the united strength of all in re- bondage, lib. oo, Indeed, this is not the worst form of slavery.recommended that they should get up servile war an i diversion between toe different classes of wnites, in order to disturb our peace, a n l to injure our scheme an>f our system of society. Nor, sir, will it be strange if ton Northernem::sarywhogoesinourmidst,carrying: Helper'sbook,whichhastheseobjectsinview,shouMIt) THM KUITOR 09 TOE NSW TOMJsaasT Cm, Feb. 18,1860.'which a op. aed tor UM manufacturing interest, I can aparexlmstotoasonxwhat nearer result. Ifwetake DeBow'saosiaasia nf 91 Oto,000,COO, to round aumbers, as the annualtatoa of the maaufacturmg product in I860, and if we to put them in motion r Bow many manufactories wouldand still practice upon tt, and if I bad time or taste for the task, I could go into a still closer comparison and show you that some things that you denounce s s evils of sla-the nineteenth century—nothing more than a marine aaete- ton approximating to toe shape of a long clipper ship,900/ leet or lets in length, 40 or 60 feet wide, raaeed to withiolated to punish anu repress such attacks in tne t uture; and it is also to be remembered that the republican party at this eemioa chose for its candidate as Speaker of theTon surely <!o not ro against State rights? and admitting tola, then the elate Mates have the same right to hold slaves eon stituuoiiallv that the North have to prohibit it. Where doescotton and the great staples of the South wore no longer produced to give them freights? How many loom* would be idle when the cotton was wanting which was necesearyPresident who signed the bill, by the Supremo Courtwao decided the famous Dred Scott case? And if it be ofi, cotiotitolioral right, by what authority, moral or politicalseals.Tbe object of a notarial seal other than a scroll canbe stopped when the rich markets of the South were dried up and exhausted and closed to them r How many of their own people would be forced to emigrate or tocan you prevent our thus extending the social system «i very ate to be found in what is called voluntary servitudeonly be to give the document to which it to appended ad-ditional authentii it>, and to show, by UM sanction of an a few foot of ber water line. Now, suppose this sopor*aappoae the Southern people to consume in proportion topapulation, and the people of UM Northesewen States toeoatributo u Utetr proportion of lour fifths of the manufa >•area af the whote Dnfcm, we shall find that at that day too starve? How many of their homesteads would be deso terest have you in preventing us from cxtendingthe social parallel in toe other system to the Old World, and if therestructure, formed of iron pistes half aa inch thick, bolted together very neatly with Iron rivets, sad the whole co- vered over with plank, except, perhaps, about one third]Msntoera 8totea consumed someutlag more thau 1360,000, late ? Sir, if they were to attempt such a thing, it would 000,andwhenwscoaaetoaddtoeprobableincrease,rating notbethreemonthsafter thedeedwasdonebeforetheir Mataftvpercent,whichto a small addttton when we ownpeoplewoulddrivethemintothesea,iftherewasnocuments tosupport ItwiththegreatsealoftheState, cayedtugboat. Theframeworktoofiron,similartotoe)gives greater authenticitytotbesignatureofthenotary pilasterused inbuildingstores,ax,onlyexceedinglyfrailthan the notorial seal can possibly give. By the seal of and delicate; ia lac:, the whole fabric m safer hi its autotitheStatetoenotarytoacknowledgedtobeaproperoffi- cradlethanitwoaldberunningonetripacrossUMHudsoncer to administer oaths—to be such an officer as be de- when filled with floating ice Whatever may be concealed]nature technical."Tbe secend reason be assigns (and thto he regards aseaaapare a with toe annual increase at former decennial other mode of escaping the consequences of their sets. Itperiods,wefind thatnowthereareprobably some- toimpossiblethattheycoulddoit,eveniftheyhadthe notonlythat,tutwillitnotincreaseyourrelativecapa foundinwhatiscalledthefreelaborsystemoftoeOld toiag like MbO.GOO.uOO of toe maaufacturea of those political power. Why, then, keep up this war and thi* city to accumulate and to acquire wealth? Suppose the World, where population does press upon the means of"bateseoaouBMdtoUMSouth. Suppoaethatonehalfof MMI represeau MM wagea of labor, some $240,000,000, aad allow eighty dollars (which to ao immense estimate) paraeadforeachman,womanand child,aad this con aaaaptioa would represent a population of something like •area million of people It a to be remembered that IagitationrIfitisdesignedforanyend,thatistheend;but their own interests and their own safety would prevent it. But does any man suppose that such a warfare can be constantly kept up without leadingto aseveranceand dissolution of this Union? Do you not virtually invite the Southern States to secede, when you offer them wrongsSouth,insteadofhavingthismixedpopulationofwhitesand ii. gro>s, was peopled entirely with the white race,would New England have as great a relative share ol politicalpowerthenasshehasnow? Weshouldnorepre-sented tf>en in exact proportion to our population. Nowwe are represented only according to a part of it Suppose the South, again, were filled enti ely with whites, ment* We know from actual trial that oar system is ca-clareshimselftobe—andthatthepapertowhichtoeofficer has given bis certificate to such a paper aa shouldbe received and acknowledged to be authentic The Governorof Iowa,therefore,badsufficientevidencetojusti-fy ttie issue of bis warrant for the arrest of tbe fugitive.Indeed, be seems to have considered this reason insufticient, as he follows it with the declaration that "it to in its fence, even ss the worm taraoth Into s gorgeous butter*nave sot added to this the popuattioc which to supported and injuries, because of their association with you, whichoat of toe pronto af capital, toe popaJattea which to sup- you ctMld not practice towards them if they were sepaported out oi the earnings of freight, or UM population rate and independent States? Is not this a virtual invitowhichtosupportedoutofthatpotttoaofSoutherncom- liontothemtoseoeder Arenottoewrongsandtn«u.ts saareewhichmnowcentralisedatNswYork,aadbutfor whK-Kyouareofferingus,inthemselvesacause ofwar, MMUnam would have goae South. I say, therefore, that as between independent nations? Suppose too French,would New England enjoy her markets as undisturbed by pable of great social, moral and political developement. rivals as she now does? If the South ware peopled only We know that It is consistent with stable government, andfly. Yours, VERITAS- Inqneats.tossed, other markets of equal value oouli be foundaaasewhereelseintoeworld. Iarofaru to toe numberwho are thus sustained in UM Northwcatern suttea, I haveao aaeaus of estimating. I only know that toe Southern which have been practised and connived at under the adding free States; and is <t not just as ptam that her re upon other social systems. I believe that the system ofwho are sustained by UMSouthern custom in toe mana- gines of destruction which each nation has been taxing iteCactortng aad navigating States of toe Northeast. So^lhat ingenuity to invent and construct'/ And is it to be supwe see, Mr. President, aa I said before, that owmg to toe posed that a similar and worse grievance can bo kept up power to extend the social system of the slaveholding ble interest in a political association with the Southernahrpper to transport his products abroad; toe Southern that toe South cannot dissolve it. This might be provoking eaosumer usee toe Northern manufacture, and owing to if it were not so absurd. We probably number nowrable extent of toe market of the cotton States for UMpro- uiagLdficent territory. Is it ncesiole that suuh a (leopie with an argument against the present Union. If there be this anything, or whose own labor or services are worth any-toe constiUiuoo of Southern population, these northeast something like thirteen million people. We cover, as was-era producers and there a market to which they are un- said by the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Toombs) the othereaturbed by rivals. The same may bo said to a conside- day, eight hundred and forty thousand square miles of the fuither extersii n of toe slaveholding States, but it is only. Almost every man in the community who is worthsuch resources could tie coerced into submission ? So fa^j irrepressible and natural hostility between the free andgrant toe requision, viz:—That "it is not stated, unless ttbe inferentially. that Coppoc committed the acta chargedIn the State of Virginia." On reference to the precedingparagraph in his letter, Governor Eirkwood aaas this Ianguage:—"Mr. Hunter states that from information re-ceived by him from certain persons condemned and executed to your State (Virginia),and from other facts which an inquest yesterday on the body ot Charles A. Shultit.Yauona of the Northwest; and then cornea the gold pro-duct of California, contributing its Immense amounts togtre stability to thatsystem of credit In which all are iu•arested, and gieatly adding in themselves to UMgeneralaaasa of the wealth of UMcountry. But what now, let me ports through which foreign nations were to obtain the waruu each other. It can only succeed when it is found- own it. So it is with the land in toe older free States; It aafc. has been toe operation of this government on these raw material that keeps alive their starving population • ed on the affection of the people. But if tt is to be is owned by but comparatively few people; but there are aeeuonal interests? Why, sir, a to notorious that UMna- But sir. President, suppose they could subdue the a source of eternal strife, it becomes worse than an ill a great many who use it as tenants, who rented, and thetal, from injuries received by a bale of cotton falling ason him, on Tuesday last, at the store of hto employers,42S Mater street. A verdict of accidental death was ren- dered.vigating and manufacturing interests have grown ap under South—soppose they could whip it, what would they do theshadowoftoeprotectivesystem. Thefishingvessels alterwarda? Wonidtheyemancipatetoestaves" Ithink to this day draw bounties from Um treasury of toe United I have shown that they could not do so, except at the sa Maw*- So far as the coasting navigation ia concerned, entice of interests which are too dear to themselves UMAmerican—whichmeansmerelyUMneriheastern— Whatwouldtheydowiththeseconqueredprovinces? snipping, has by law a complete monopoly of toe trade, Rule toem as such ? That would involve a change bothassorted marriage, and the sooner the parties separate the same thing is to be found in regard to the slave labor ofbetter. But,iathere,intruth,anysuchnaturalhostiity, theSouth. Therearecomparativelyfewwhoownit,but aidingandabettingJahnBrownandothers,who,onceris there, in truth, any such innate antagonism between the there are a great many who hire it; and it would be as tain days, in Virginia, committed certain crimes, and that at WestOarringtoD, Conn., where he had gone to set up socisl systems of the two sections? In order to answer much against the truth of political economy to say that from information recently received, he verily believes that some machinery in the paper mill of Messrs. chaw h Co. ibisquestionIpropose,torabriefspace,toanalyzeand themanwhohiresitdidnotderiveadvantagesfromit CoppoctoafugitivefromjusticeescapinginthisState."Ac Deceasedwascaughtinarevolvingbelt,aadsoseverely compare the two systems of society, and see whether, in as it would be to say that the man who rented laud did cording to this statement of the allegations contained in injured that be died In a few hours. Hto remains were)as foreign alliances are concerned, who does not know that cotton is king—a king who caa command alliances with the fleets of all the civilised world to keep open thethe slave States, there ought to be no Union betwaen them; for this Union can only promote the happinessot the i*op!e when they entertain fraternal feelings tothing hires for a limited period the services ofa stove; and if save labor be profitable to toe owner, it is also profitable UMman who hires it; and I know many practical men who say toey believe it more profitable to hire than tohie both to sasster aad slave Itaecemphshed to European societywttfacat injury to say oae, coavatomisfetor hirg no anerest m society." It thefreeetttes,wherethemosttotesUgeatlaborersandtoo ssecbarto w - e gathered; and afterwards whoa the pre- dial laborer, the rerai serf,tosvosaed to atettto;enee and virtue it became proatobte to itoMwtopols him too. M aw , sir, tf toe negro race be equal to too white race, oa UM abolittoetom maintain. tt will vindicate its equality b y i « improvement, and the saaae process will take place, hat if, on tbe contrary, be be an inferior, aa I msatfato o»dtoe people may sota- of^ho*WJCNPT WJahaWOwJCWtJOB, I NESS ISriwS^^heads and upoa toeir eoaaetraces wtfl rest the that he may be arrested and hroognt t AtoSJSM.bibty for the tin and Ms cons*qu«eea « r . to that event A f*wds)s ago I received toe "to*Mr.PugmiwrT:—1have called uptoeresolutionofUMaaauMf ( oau Ulnea because It opes* more (ally than anyether srtpeaauannstore the nwntttfce sans of UM U W O North to the South. But for this, if he had been pent rip, would be done by to toe millions of whites and blacksM » q .fi«o of slavery, laoeed, air, a«aoomjaentary as was proposed, it is manifest that not only be, but toe who are interested in maintaining that re atioo, I would prelected from confine*-Mm by the joint exertion* of ail, and, been, with tbe highest byvpee of humanity, to be wreckedpatby"tor those whose characters arecrime, and whose has a are stomas' wtth tooaccent and uaoflendtog cttiatns af toowhen toey soirmoly declare that they therecentunfortunate aadMoody per'sFerry''—wemustceasetobe theconstitution,andUMtowsrBBt ... _of Keerty sad property, (ItoisasrSsd. saatunsrs' atat•nantoe tone,* »peaaarohuteawiukiniMetf;ror wnattoit out a propesaien to sappresservh war between UM jtoats aBreactttan10preventarmed mvasioa byUMpeopleof OM*ftheumiederatedStatesspanUuaaofanother•Ma,itMoatbe remembereda foundeduponso i aa/j UM*. out apaa aa actual event of repeatoccur- It a Doturtuaa M aa ail, thai UM stevehokLvsg are arming— araUag a u to repel foreign ia-white who waa aacocitted with him, must have retro- co nothing to disturb it But, sir, tf in truth it be such a therefore, ought to be common to ad and be tost attempts to the wild orgfos of madmen aad fanatics Bat, Mr, kf Igraded. A child of toe sua, it would seem tost th» l»w, sin aiid such a curse mat the conscience of any large pa< tyahke of bis happiness and of his progress, con»i«n d in hia IE toe North cannot enter toto compact or bonds with it;constantgravitationtowardstoesourcefromwhencebe thattbeycanhavenoconnectionwithit;thattheycannotsprung But,sir,as this partyincreased, It proone.led carryouttheguaranteesandthetn:.illations of thecon-to take still more dangerous grounds; and wo heard it stitution which look to its protection, then 1say as honestboldly announced that the guarantee* gtv«n to the slave aad honorable men they ought to propose a separation; time:—holdicg interest, to regare to fugitive slaves—and if ao, it for it it fair, is it honest, to lake everything in toe com General Knox ass jus* returned, and his report, pounded on tabltob for themselves a confederacy which may become upoa too siaveboldtog Btotea sternly aad aaaaaaany; saw..fortheretoaodangerOfthat;nottosu,-mustbethecaseinallotherrespects—wereannulledbypactwhichbenefitsthem,andtorefusethestipulationshaownknowledge,farepletewltnmetencnouyInformation.andremaingreat,gloriousaadfree;andttwillbetothattothisendunionandharmonyar*latlMpssashlstosao- pr«*a detaeeuc Insurrection—there ia do preaent appre toe obligation* of a higher law How toey pra'used ui>on which were mace on their part for oar benefit, on the A majority of the people of Masaaehuaeita are to oppo*tono to government that I shall then look for toe protecting sha- cess. We most bave a united Snath Necessity and dair heaaweafthat;battodefendtoesnwlveaagainstUilsprecept,wecaveseenmthelistofshamefulevasionsgroundthattheirconsciencepreventsthemfromcarryingikeuovernmeaieomeoftoeleaner**vowthesuoverstonofdownnderwhichImayreposeInpeaceaadsafetyfortoourselves,andtothosewhoareIdSBMaadwithSBha arssee invasions from UM people of other and con of this constitutional obligation which was given us the then, out* Wou'd not the honest course, on the contrary, it to be their orjeet. together with toe abflUUoi of deb's, tee tbe remainder of UM days that are allotted to me apoa interest sad sympathy, alike demand tootherdaybymyfriend rrom Georgia (tlr.Toombs),in toecourseatbismasterlyspeech,whenb-ireferredtothe pergonal liberty laws of so many of the non slaveholddivBionofpropertvanua reunionwith'ireatBritain laall theKfhieruetatesthesametemperprevail*moreortea*,and will certainly break forth when lb* opportune moment may arrive. The makontenU are to close epnneeuon with Vermont,saseraMstales,aadtopreparetor UMevent,if ia their•platenKshouldbeoosaemoatnarytoseparate frontUnaCawa, Now, sir, I propose to ask what to that Onionwhose value uvea are now mlrnhttog ao calmly an 1 too Mates of tbts confederacy. Mr. President, is it sur-aaairyr What are the ossnutuaat atoauaa Which com prising that these bitter seeds of ctectional hate and aliona quires; we cannot for conscience' sake aid in repressing ment of Csnada. In one word, my cear tieneral, we are all aaasat WhatMamovingforce*r WhatbaabweaUM ttos,whichhavebeensownsoindustriously,Bhot.ianave oonvfticinsurrections when theslavesarisetoassert Indireapprehensionthatabeginnhigoranarchy,withallits Moult af UMpoeajaal aottaa af those fonvs apoa the dil born* their bloody fruit iu the raid of John B'owu;' Is it tht ir freedom; and that being the case, we feel that It is eslamiUra i* made, and w e have no means to Stop the dreadful toreat —etnas of tato ooatederecyr Why, sir, we know surprising that men who were taught to look on us as ac neither proper nor honorable tout we should exact from work.- Jf«.-.«A«iM> Wiwhinytoii. col. 2, p IS.earth.theUntoa,satarsusbyoar fathers,hasatamansjsaaa mentod UMrespect sad aawetiaa of UMjnoatocf ytrgatiat and they bave always been sad still are ready to sustainbetoccmeforwardandsay, "ourfathers have madeabardbaigainforus,onewhich wefindwecannot keepconfristently with conscience; we cannot for conscience'sake return your fugitive slave as this instrument re- and hat distrlet, it is beiieved, is in uegoOatioo with the governin manufactures, in commerce, and m navigation; and never was any orgsnisation of human society in whichDBam or A TOIHKULX—NBQLBCTm ASIiof toe tooth, and who bat tor ton commerce seecs of distension between Europeans of the half andof Slates, is it not true In regard to any extension bereai'ier speak BOWof the whites—of free labor united with freewould either bo forced to emjgrate or to starve, unless, the whole blood in the British Indian empire; suppose to be made' Ir we should extend, by increasing the government and universal suffrage; Such a political or- executive authority of any other State, "and Shan, more- Monday morning about one o'clock, as Thomas Hyer thamade entirely by a free population/ Upon what calcula were to cast loose and separate themselves. If Iam right, tion, then, is it that you can say that it diminishes your the laboring classes of the North have toe deepest possi-oaths, affirmations or acknowledgments may be hereafter owing to the want of timely medical assistance, resultedalso taken or made by, or before any notary public duly in hto death. The jury rendered a verdict of compres- eonetuutioo of .Southern labor, here are these vast inte- here without leading to the consequences of severance States, and that it increases your power to extend the States. The association with such an influence must be to appointed in any State or Territory." This act undoubt- sion of toe brain, the result of a fall. Further, toey re*rne* which are not hostile, but of mutual assistance to and separation on tne part of the South? I know, sir, it bag numberoffreeStates? 1askuponwhatsuppositioncan everywsybeneficialtothatclasstotoefreeStatesIknow, each other. The Southern planter employs toe Northern been said that the South would be whipped into the Union, you make that declaration, except upon the belief that Mr. President, that those who are not acquainted with ouredly recognises notaries public as proper officers before commended that better measures be taken to provide]whom affidavits can be made, in all such cases, and com medical attendance for persons brought into toe stationpletely overthrows toe reason assigned by toe Governorof Iowa, and makes tbe case so plain that argument aad booses to a condition similar to that of toe deceased.illustration can add nothing to it. Faiix Aeolian —Coroner Gamble held an inquest ot]Tbe Governor's second letter, dated the 24th of January, the body of William Bishop, a native of England, sixtw assigns another reason in justification of his refusal to years of age, who died yesterday at tbe New York Hospi-there is a natural and eternal hostility between the free system, insist mat it dwarfs the n.in slaveholder, toeana the tin* e States. If that be true—if there be a natural poorer class of the whites. On the contrary, it is as bene- and irrepressible hostility between the free and the slave ficial to him as it is to the stove owner. If there be anyStates—it is not only an argument with tho Norfh against profit in slave labor it is not derived b y the slave ownerhave come to his knowleago, he believes toot Coppoc was a German, aged 35 years, who was killed on the 11th inst, aadalmosttoesamethingmaybesaidoftheirmanufac- oftheconstitutionandthegovernment. WouldtheyInv truth,theymaynotbemadesubsidiaryinsteadofbeing notmakemoneyoutofhisleasehold. Nortoittruethat theaffidavit,transmittedunderthesealofthisStatetothe broughttothiscityforinterment.aariag iuMreet, which has grown o p under a system of troduce tbem into the government as they were beforeheavily protecting duties. We all know that heavy duties By their mere tai inertia they could put a .slop to the ma have been mid to past times, not merely for toe pur- chiney of toe govertimedt. The South now, without leaving pose of revenue, not la order to enhance UM price toe Union, could paralyze this government so that it wouldantagonists of each other. Sir, in the free labor system toe institution of slavery makes manual labor, on the part Governor of Iowa, the charge is clear and oistlnct that the of social organization, the family is the unit—the family, of the whites, despicable in the slaveholding States. There crimes were committed in Virginia, and that Coppoc is a composed of parent and children- In the slaveholding is s o country on earth In which honest labor, as I believe, fugitive from justice.system of organization, the household is the unit—the is more respected; and of tots I am certain, that every These are all the reasons assigned by the Governor ofAPOPLECTIC FIT—John & Allen, residing at 30 Eighth street, died yesterday at tbe New York Hospital, where) be bad been admitted on Monday,suffering under a stroke ofapoplexy. Deceasedwasatoaetimeasuttiermtoo•ftooforeignproductaomuchthatMMhomemanufac- beworthlesstoailwhowereconcernedinit. Supposeitshouseholdbeingcomposedofthefamilyandoftheslaves, wfeitolaborerintheslaveholdingStatestomorenearlyon Iowaforbigextraordinaryconductinrefusingtograntturer might and his market horn Nor to, this all, sir. State !ig jslatures were to pas* taxing laws—and they could who arc united to the head of that family by the obliga aa equality with every other man in the community than tbe requisition asked for by me In the name and on bo- United States army, at Tamps Bay. Tbe Coroner was no-We had something of too same operation to regard to toe pass such tows under toe decisions of the Supreme Court— •iocs of ownership, and the yet gentler ties of constant every white laborer in the North is on terms of equality system of credo aad of foreign cotnmeroe. I acknowledge which, in fact, shut out Northern trade and commerce; intercourse and familiar as'ociatioo. In toe free States, with every other man to the North. I say then, sir, •hat when toe I ntoo was once estabitohed aatarnl causes sappese toey should make personal intercourse so dan- these families are divided into two classes—the capitalists unlegs there be some motive of sectional hate. would have concentrated toe foreign nnmraauu in toe gerous and burdensome tost It would cease; suppose its and the laboring cla^s. The laboring class sells its serbair of this State. In m y judgment they foil very for short of a justification.tified to hold an inqn'eet.FaTAUT BTBSBD.—An inquest was yesterday held by>Coroner Gamble, at UM New York Hospital, upon toe) Northeast but that event was certamry homed by toe members here, feeling that this government was an vices for a limited period to the capitalist class for the some bitter hostility against ua, some belief thai properly mads for a fugitive from justice "it shall be Um body of Hannah Levi, a girl fourteen years of sge, who)favoring operation of thk general government, (or when instrument of oppression, were to choose to use their ft determined to take bank paper is payment of public power under too constitution to obstruct and to thwart it,to thai, toey located to toe Northeast the United States to engage to such s contest, victory would be worse to Mnanee, and sometimes starving him out altogether. In by nature, an antagonist to theirs; on the contrary.it Bank which had so large a control over banking credit, yon than defeat; because if you conquered you would toe Southern system of society no such difficulty c m oc- makes our interests subsidiary to theirs, instead of being to it not manifest that toey hastened this process of coo destroy toe industry on which you yourselves depended; cur. There too laborer to sure of shelter, of raiment, and hostile and rival. It does not diminish your power at all; oaaiisltoaf I speak not of these things to toe way af while, on the other hand, if toe South constituted a sepa of food; for, if the profits of toe master do not enable on tbe contrary, you have a larger share of power when I am giving » mare narrative of facto. But rate and Independent confederacy, you might still enjoy a him to give him these, toe master must use his capital; the increase is by slave States, rather than when toe in- 1 would ask, what baa been UMinnuenoe of Southern portion of that rich commerce of which you are now de and if neither hto profits nor hto capital will allow him to crease is by free States. Why then, sir, to toto war kept tor an wo have aad power, on this government? riving the fruito. I ask then, again, why this agitation, do it, then be must transfer him to some one else, who is upt Why sot, for toe interest of both sections and allOnes, what woo Mas oat aa endoraesaenl of credit,whichwaabatarapteaantottoaoftoe erodit, which, ao tar ao UMfederal reveaua towhen would yon get your House organized, your appropri atombiltopassed;andafter toey woreintroduced,who would know in what shape toey would pass? Sir, thissuch notion as this is harbored in the Northern mind, I cannotfortoelifeofmeseebow,onanycalculationof interest, toey should object to the growth and toe deve-to be arrested and secured, and notice of toe arrest to bo giventotheexecutiveauthoritymakingsuchdemandor to tbe agent of such authority appointed to receive the'funewer O a u may be" so great so to enableto meet and surmount toe difficulty; M l I m a nuncertain, s a d remains a doubt a n ! ifltor if they have succeeded so far, toey have only ban UM advantage of never having been exposedtitf accusing vote* of human battery will ring through all the ages to tttptach them at UM bar of posterity, far bav- fog oestroyri too noblest aohiBM of asasflinMrnti horny which too wisdom of man Ins over cevtoed; aad upoa that foarfol toaoe each of the sucoeedtrg generation* of men will record rto verdict of guilty agamsttoem Their own descendants will heap reproaches opoa too names ofGcveraor Eirkwood, of Iowa, and to*to the recent otaatteacss at llai par's • clearly toot hto f.eHags aad sympathieaon toe ste* of *.bn Brown and hn i - While be SLqoaua*dry coadessns UMact, yet "hewoader at the recent unteftona'e and bloody one*at Barpar's Ferry;" while be dees not Jostifytt,this difficulty and this trial, but they have been asao to their general sovernment with this other scheme of socety, and I beheve that the toflaaaco of this lastDasthas founded, and wboeo mfluenc a mast he thus just aad thatimpartial,torettllng*whatovercoatestsanddiaVmltios mar ottos between capital and labor.have been tbe richest inheritance that one generation eaa tbe mtods of many, by toe fact tost toe blow was iMr President, to snow that I am tednlgingla a o faaov sketch, that I am getting up no fictitious alarms allow m> to refer to s a event in history which, although not veryof the constitution; upr>n what onasmevatfoB o f rofortoa o r philanthropy; upoh what calculation Of interest, samara! or sectional, toe fatal deed waa tfoae. where will too satisfactory answer be found, and who shall arise in that"While toe grest mas* of ear Northern people utterby eondesMitoeectof John Brown, toey feel sad they Saw prers admiration aad sympathy for the dtootoresasdaeso of purpose by which tthoey behove ho was s m w a i •»<(ganisation does not shake or disturb us. We go on with regular advance, undisturbed by anyofthose contests which shake and convulse governments which are foundedover, produce the copy of an indictment found, or affida-vit madebeforeamagistrate of anyState,"&c,theex-ecutive shall deliver him, kc But toe Governor of Iowahas foiled to see that by an act of Congress passed on UM to the Eighth ward station house, where he waa cared for 16tb day of September. I860, tt to provided, "that to all as it uador UMinfluence of liquor, li subsequently ap- cases in which, under the town of the United States, oaths.1L* rw**A\Z?iVL.\Z.iw»rapvurya*topresshopethatbythat timetotstolpMoefsW'appeal ion to this creed is an enemy 11 equity »nd justice a d shcnld fail in these bopes, I may then, indeed, despair nfought 10 be swept frem toe face of the earth."—iforaWf* H'u*M«£f««,ruitiirie2,pagelietheUnion;batIwillnotdespairoftheabilityofmy con sUtcentoandofmyfellowcitizensoftoeslaveboidtog S'atestothrowoffayokewhichwill hodoublyaccursed and galling for hating been had by bands that ought to have been friendly: nor would 1 doubt their ability to es-ColonelLee,amember ofCongress,drewtoefollowing picture of the condition of the Bastern country at that_a..——-,feoerary of confederacies which would secure some, but Ferry affair toeie is a letter which could not bat strike Shortly after I entered upoa any executive duties, I of UM Untoa to to exhibit a proper respect for too rigbus not all, of the bin-slugs that would lol'ow this Union ad- me. It is a letter written by toe brother of one of those made a requisition upon the Governor of Iowa for Barclay of toe States, to observe the nissfo toes, taasati hat towmihtotered properly, according to the spirit of justice and theconstitution. Itwould probably separateintosome three or four smaller unions, and these perhaps might be united by some looser bond, closer than the European syttem, but not operating, as the prevent constitution doeti, upoD the individual, and operating upon the severalmen who perished In that affair, with the evident intention afdissuadinghimfromengagingtott Andwhatdoeshe say?—and deal justly with their brethren of an sections of th« country. Suchacourseaatheirpartwillrestorepeaa distracted country, wih reunite the severed ties of i tion, sad revive UMreign of fraternal feettcfoJly, JOHN The Floating Battery atssase with precaMa; but 1have the data which wiU enab.o soon be followed by others who bear with th»m Sharpe'x aaMreachaoaaaapproaimaiaresultswhich1thinkwillbe rifle aadthepike, b itnotmanifestthat, a'toe startBng,aadattoastwithinUMmark. 1und,byastate teachings of that book be carried out, it can lead • a n t irom the Trsaanry Department, UMI toe porttua of to nothing else than the iepetition of such assaults as those MM toreiga export* whicn were produced in the Soutu that we have lately witnessedr Now, I will ask for whatview hat to make toe Institution so odious, so uncomfortsum which tosy annually derive from Southern commerce csy t Would not the British experiment be repealed; and right rnder the constitution? If we do mako toe claun. have no right to denounce this system of society as wrong. this Commonwealth, and bis signature was acoompaOtod coarse too monster must writhe, foam, flap aad floundef far tosj navigating Interest, probably rangiog between what would become of themselves? How many Northern has it D-i been asserted to be our constitutional right \ y I have ibown that it i>- the normal condition of human so- by a scroll, in precise conformity with established usage ore It to delivered from UM prison tost has so long con- MurtyandfortymilliondoUara.IaregardtoUMmarketshipswouldbebuduptorotattheirwharveswhenthetheCongressthatrepealedtheMissourirestriction,nyto•ciety,thatalargemajorityofmankindhavepractised,andtbedecisionsofourcourts,whichrecognisescrollsasfinedtt.Inthtogulchorbasinwebebeiitoewonderofpurpose is this warfare waged on us » It most have some end in view. It cannot be agitation for the mere sake of agitation, for even toe abolitionist would pronounce that to be wanton cruelty aad reckless wickedness; and if it has any end in view, what can that eno be but the aboli- tion of" slavery in toe States t What can they have inanrteg tha tostiscal year is estimated at a200.u0u,v00;an>ta has aiao baea given to me by one who is well calculated,by h a prartooa pursuits and atadka, to express aa opinionaa that subject, that too value of the freights opoa thsso•aperis ranged from seven to eight per cent on toe vaJoeaf the cargo, sashing samstbaig Mae SU,ow>,OQn apoasi perm The value of UM freights opoa UM return tbeeetrau* ha snlnslrs sad I acknowledge It to a mere esti able, so dangerous as to force, if they can, the whites of right to interfere with it there, and wa do not claim toe pow- ment with an influence like oars, Wito a scheme of society — ii ii s third at that upon experts, which would give the Southern Butes to emancipate the slaves; and yet. ii' er to ao so, but you insist upon extending this institution of similar to that which baa been introduced toto toe South- asmittiiag ate iweaty oae or twenty two mi'lton dollars in toey had the power tomorrow, they would not dare, (or slavery ana carrying it into the Territories of the Union: ern States. But, sir, I am told that all tola to wrong; you MMfrsightaoftoewholeforeigntrade;aadaeveatenthsof if toey did theywould soon be punished bytheirownhung so long over tost partof Hobokon, I started earlw on Saturday morning, hoping to get UMadvantage of < naodores, generals and carpenters.I arrived just in time to see toe wonder ofcity, and must honestly confess that I was greatly dnap- pointed. I expected to behold SOSM beautiful spoctmeit of the handiwork of maw sranothtog saw, wonderful and] strange—calculated to frighten half; if not all mankind* Imagine a long trench or canal, about oW foot to length, andfortyor fifty feet wide, scooped oat apparently by nature—oneesd,however,walledupbyartificialmeans. A rude dam protects toe basin on UM river side:wereproperlyadministered—subsidiaryinsteadofbeingrival and hostile; if our institutions be, as I have shown,foondni in necessity and can be vindicated upon any viewof law, moral or divine; or if that be a matter exclusively the very constitution of human nature. 1 mention it not ter our own consideration under our system of oonfederaThe courseoftoeGovernortothismatter,considered bythetotegale,andthedemolitionofapartoftoetig*to connection wito UM views presented to his inaugural fence which hat prevented toeargus eyes of meddhnggos* message m relation to toe occurrences aad actors to U MHarper's Ferry outrage, force upon my mind UM conclu •Ippersfirom penetrating toe mysterious cloud that hnftion. and has been mace so by the constitution—I say, if all tins be so, why keep up this war, why continue this agitation ? It is said by some of those of the anti slavery party who are the least extreme to their views, "we ad mit toe propriety of much that you say in regard to toe institution in the States; we acknowledge that we have soBy way of reproach. Kvery wise and prudent man, every statesman must know that toe human breast to instinct With certain passions; and statesmen and wise men, in stead of ignoring them, most prepare to restrain and Pidethera. Now, I say. that-with an experiment whichslon tost bis action was taken, if not with toe intention of permitting Ooppoc to escape, and thus shield blm from just punishment for crimes of tbe most serious and aggravated character, committed against tbe sovereignty and laws ofitistherethatweresistyou.itistherethatwearedeter opprseitsextension,becausethesystem itself, yousay, minednottopermityoutoexorciseanysuchrightasthai towrong;because,inyonropinion,ittodoing mischiefto which you claim under the constitution." But, Mr. Presi toe world. If I am right as to the past, if the teachings otFirst—That the affidavit "to not authenticated by toe notarialseal"oftbenotarywhoadministeredtbe oathto tbeaffiant. Thenotary before whom tbeaffidavitwasSan.hasays,betoagstoourownnavigatinginterest. TtiJ constituents,)fortheir ownsakes,tosmane.ipatethese•easing trade, m which they have a monopoly, probably negroes. What would be the consequences if they did ?ytsMs ihtm nearly, if act quite aa much more—autking a Would not both races decline- Would not industry de- dent, do we claim anything in this regard which is notour history, if the experience of man are to be trusted, we made was duly appointed, in pursuance of toe tows of and aa this to UM only outlet to too sea, oCthe slaveholding Spates? But, sir, I am willing for (be present to lay aside the constitutional view, and I desiresystem of the stavenoiding Stales ii to the vacant territorj are cases where men to slavery have to submit oftheUnion? Isitnotdemonstrablethattodosowould toeir persons and their wills to the arbitrary increaseyourrelativeshareof political power,yourre will of another—so under toe spur of necessity, lalive share of the voting power of this government, and, the pressure of poverty the same eases may beofficial seal, that tbe officer hugTeater authority than a mere individual.to discuss it as a mere question of piopriety What infor wages in the crowded States of toe Old World. There to not a mischief that you can name in this state of society, growing out of slavery, for which I cannot find you aIn this case, the Executive of this State, having the ap-pointment of the notary, has the knowledge of bis official towards the stern, which to left entirely open, exposing siation, and by authenticating the requisition and the do- the hold, that to as empty as an old bailer of soon de-by whites, to It not obvious that rivals would Withfreeinstitutions,sofaraswhitemenareconcerned. growupasfastsscustomers; thatwe,too,wouldengage Wito us,soforastoewhite class isconcerned,thereconclusive)to,thatthedemandforthe requisitionshoaldbeaccompaniedby"UMcopyofanindictmentfound,oran affidavit made before a magistrate." the act of Con- Coroner Gamble yesterday bent an Inquest at the New gress which requires too rendition of fugitives from jus- York Hospital on tho body of Robert 8 Collins, a wed tice waspassed intheyear 1798,aaddoesprovide knownrepublicanpoliticianoftheFirstward,-whodtodoa that whenever the executive authority of any State, fee.,The evil commenced when one man b? etnoJovtng a number •( bis fellow*, and be nlmseif lived Ofc the profit* of their labia-. rbug, toiling ye»r after vear the laborer become* mare igno- rant and Dcor, the employer more wise anl wealthy; and by Bad bve the poor man become* an easy victim to the eapkuty oflb*aristocrat WhatbefirstreceivedpayforheatMatU •bilgedtodofornothing. Nowletamlaydownarulethatpelling foreign invasion, and might secure, perhaps, to allof tbem some of tho present advantages of trade and in-tercourse, opening up to them the means of developingtheir own systems in peao and safety. Bat why, lass,lotceustothisalternative?IfIamrightintheviewIhavetakenofthegreatindustrialinterestsofthedifferentiect one, if in truth they ought to be—if this government shalidoaway with slavery, let eaeb and every men produce tive m its intercourse with this Commonwealth. while reading the long catalogue of disasters SBSSStosaalwithmanuallaborwhatheconsumes. •So that we see, Mr. President, that the same leaven to still at work, and work it must, bejause it proceeds fromexposed to such dangers, it seems to me there could not fee a better tiling than to associate it in the same governsubsistence Iaskthen,sir,whyisitthattheTerritories of the Union are to be occupied only for toe developement of a scheme of society which as yet is a mere experiment— anexperiment,ittotrue,which I hopewill succeed,bat whose success to yet doubtful—and that ours to to be stinted aad dwarfed and excluded, which to no expertunderUMoldplankamidshipsIwasunabletodtooover, as I did not wish to out every cord that holds the curtain of mysteryoverit,buttoemyth (pardon thetarsi)tosat onflnished, uncouth specimen of naval architecture that poaeibly may In time change toto a splendid marine do*means of subsistence. That bargain is bard or easy, in there Is to he an irrepressible conflict be- duty of tbe executive authority of toe State or Territoryproportion as toe supply of labor is greater or less, in tween the two systems of organization—unless some to which such person shall have fled to cause him or her died from the effects of burns received to toe house of he*employer, at 114 Fifth street Deceased was engaged nearthestorewhenherclothescaughtfire,barningbee to such a manner tost death ensued.P o l i c e I n t e l l i g e n c e .oo Bbxuao BALIS.—Frederick Hubert aad JohJjproportion to the demand for it, on the part of capital;andinperiodsofscarcityandofommercialpressure,toebargain on the part of the laborer is often hard indeed—waathuspatooaparwithspecterAndwhenj coercionofwhichtheyspeakisimpossible.Ifyouwereitgivinghimfrequentlynotenoughforcomfortablesublopementofourschemeandsystemofsociety.Ittonot,gttive,endtocausetoefugitivetobedeliveredtosashand why this war upon us? I am told that it is because of things? The slaveholder jowning slavery to a sinful institution; yes, sir, that the institutionable to provide him with these comforts; and thus, in any event, toe laborer to assured of the physical comfortsclasses, Isy down your arms and pot an end to tola war- fare against us? Suppose It could he dene; suppose the government of this Union could really be administeredwhole country, the offender should not be permitted to Kelly were arrested on charge of stealing four biffiard escape for mere technical objections. Comity would seemto require that the act of Conferees should be complied halls, valued at 820, the property of Fraakhn Burns, pro*with, and that the Governor should "cause blm or ber to Prtoter of a billiard saloon at 698 Broadway. Tho SB* be arrested and secured, and notice of the arrest to bogiven to the executive authority making such demand,'7and suggest the defect in UM requisition, and then iftt not been eminently conservative^ Most it not be ahor.representsbota,aadtototoreotoatoasin,andabhorrenttomanandtoGod.Hannotex-andnecessariesoflife.Batunderthefreesystemofsointoespritofjusticeandtoeconstitution,whocouldas-securedtodeliverupthefugitive—ifnot,todischargehim.SlteEL7W^P0-""*°"rfJohnSlcs,who,Tilitoboth;and,therefore, beomasainao perience shown thatwhentoebtockandthewhiterace cietythere aremorewaysthanontobywhichtoelabor- r, so far as ho hat tnntmnoe, to settle are thrown together, if you establish toe relation of mas- ing class seeks to obtain the price ot its services: for it roanoaaotolsadlaborwhichoccuria terandslavebetweenthem,tostsuchasocietyiscapable seekstoobtainthemsometimes,notmerelybyvoluntaryevery ahfilamd BJIIIIO—| Batof, m UMSouth is, a or a great development, morally, socially and politically; contract, but if it have a share In toe government it car- that such an organisation to best for the happiness of both ries this contest toto the halls of legislation andjjeeks to set- races; sad has it not been proved, b y actual experiment, tle it, sometimes through the forms of legislation, or worseAndBuchwastoecourse oftbepatrioticandenlightened tSTlLtwJPSi. "5? to wnntm ataaaMntnta Ha- Executive of Pennsylvania hi UM case of Edward Dert and Re ly were committed for examination, aad Bazlett, who was demanded by the name of Deboswaaheldonachargeofrecoivlng^ten^codi^. -.^ iaTtof a groat to-industry decays? Can that state of things bo wrong which leadstothehappinessofbothraces? Canthat be right which inflicts on them irremediable mischief and injury? Bat by what right does any man undertake to say that aprofits of production come to be distributed between labor and capital, either through too forms oflegislationor through the sword, toe government declines and industry decays. These consequences are so much dreaded thatontoe16thult,andoffered to disposeofthtsaaaaataofiaooaataaaiyaaaaited,aadwhichitoanonlyedbyGov.Wtoe,underbispropername.that if you destroy that relation both races decline, and still, by physical force and the sword. Whenever theof discharging bim, be was remanded to jail by UM the house of Mr. Peter Fischer, Tl Went Thirty first street, .lodge, and there held until a requisition could be award-political tootttotioo which can be shown to be the normal with statesmen it has always been an object of anxious condition of human society, sad which has subsisted as care so to constitute their governments, with check and long ago as we have human history, is a am, when there balances, as to prevent these contests between labor andi ^ ? ^ . * ! a L * L * S ? « • » " • » Ssahslrss7m neeay circumstances. Mr Fnchar gave hton 887 tha bargain being that he waa to return and take hto pack £ r 87a. He fatted to keep hto engagement, and waT "2 5 4 - 5 • * \ w * hf "»d, to obtain toe means to feed d tw , u to rtceeded la arresting Iphinaa Huso, aaoehFolks. Jameste, SU2s «»r Ji?' ^ «•*"**••°« ''" *»»' g^a^sffgL** *»— wtMsrarbnflha*_suspicion of having been engaged fat tho tghL Ana chargea that the fatal btew was strwakby Husojaad EUvthat he struck Mary Stewart one or more blow*, Tbe Cotroner h a t taken the ess* in hand aad wfll coat-teem. B«. «r. twtsM*at,to owr system of soctotvis ao •<**»daoger. H i neatest between oapBalanalaborMrwhoateldsUMpowerofewvamr—^ ^ ^ •••"*•»• to fohor aad espttaJ, aad it S t o hwto both >woreto|Jy, wfto the go* t^aatowt, m I MMtiaJif to aettting thee* «<totos«ht ia in this eouatrv iloBS thattempt to sane a aynam offtanltBd HrVOtlassuireae,*w«Ofset esjwwMBt whteh I Miaowied** i f aa «»tMr*>«t which I bane to d*ot«»4 to agreet*ttoB>*f. Iwwfc* mmm-i ItiUwhere the crime to charged to have been committed." Since I bave been to office I have executed this law, by giving the required information to the Executive Of Ohio. Thk • the comity required between friendly sister States, not tbe action which will refuse to arrest a flagrant offender, shield him from Justice oa frivolous pretexts, andthengivehimnoticeto flee.Such could havehawprompted by ao other . _ the criminal and tbe crimeOn reference to tho Code of Iowa, chap. SM, p. 488, un- derUMtitle,"FngttrvesfromJustice,"ittoprovidedthat MaryAnnCswesm 9m fl^Jp*FT|HII§l* W J f * * itastea ***** to pnm >» fhe autoes of 1LhstntBrnnnw AcLtsaar Local Tiurn —The Corn I x - change of sajtimere are charging the BaHlmsi uaad Ohio Railroad with dh*wrmtoaiiag agaasn toe trade of tint city to fovor of toe tbroegh trade. The Legntoture baaa imwaffiM to investigate toe chargea. AO rrom railroad lines to the West seem to be getting istotrouble from the same cause.lnr*thov<,lM4*v«|Un4/alaAtfUWMMJtiMJ*** TM mmw &M9 or*j»MsjUntitled Documentsignthelimitstoour future growth? Thattheyexistsomewbete we all must know. Wherever they are, theywoaldbefoundfar,farawaybeyondthepoliticalhori-zon which bounds oar mortal vision. Sir, when we cometo see what we might be, and how w e might become toemaster influence ot tbe universe, If this union were pro-perly administered according to UMprinciples of justiceandtheconstitution, the imagicationhaltsatthemightyconception, and toe mind, rapt to the contemplation of toogiant shadows of our future progress, aa they sweepacross toe perspective, sinks under UMeffort to realizethat glorious pageant of human grandeur aa it passes be- Secured, and notice of toe arrest given to the Executiveof Virginia, he actually published in UM newspapers of his State, as I have reason to believe, bis letter addressed to me, and be!ore I could have received it, (hereby giving notice to UMcriminaltomakehtoescapebeforethe requisition could be amended if it bad bean erroneous. I have also reason to believe that a message waa depatch- edtogiveinformationtotbecriminalthattheagentofthe State was inpursuit of him; hot Whether thai message was sent by the Governor or b y some other person to whom the fact had been communicated, I am not ad-Ibtonotyetjweeeatortasstoreslavery scenesofsufferingoftenensue;aadtheseareonlytobe stablegovernment,buildsapdynastiesandempires;tho vised.to not a respectable nation to UM world that has not at periodofMoexistencemsinlainedIt? Thereisnot " system of civilization known to history, or at U M fcssant period, whose foundations were notcapital from disturbing the course of legislation; and so muchafraidhavetoeybeenofthemthaiinfewgovern- ments of toe world has the laborer been permitted to have a share of political power. In toe British governfore toe view. Mr. President, are we to be disappointed of such a destiny as thto, in Um mad pursuit of abstrac- tiOlsand universals, conjured up by moonstruck theorists andcrasyfanatics? Haspoliticalscienneyetreachedthe dignity of a certain Science? Can toe politician, like the mathematician, reason to certain and to safe results fromyeaterday. Justice EeUy befo htm to answer AHOTHxaMt'SDKa—FATALAmur r*TnoaisOa Saturday evening a drunken brawl took place to a hn* den.sttuatod at 41*Thosaasstreet,eeeaptod by btock* aad whites of the most degraded character, rssultiag toy ttie death of Mary 8tewart, one of the tomatos, yeaterday. It to impossible to ascertain toe particulars or toe origin ofthednturbancs,theaffrayhavingbeen,throughBoons saesns,kept fromUMknowledgeofto-—•——*»-*-- foatioa of tt having reached Captain endinfor" fifth prectoct. for tbe first time oa of Whoa the affair became known, offiu- , _spatched to the scene of toe affray, where hetliat such person committed the offence, Issue a warrantto bring the person so charged before tbe same or someotherJusticewithintheShtts." ITttshallappeartoHtoJustices that there is reasonable cause to bobeve that tbecomplaint to tree be shall commit the offender to prison,and shall apprise tbe Governor thereof, "who shall there-upon communicate tbe same to the Executive of the State GrtJtths,colored,and Ann aytos, a white woman, onof domestic slavery. That ment,wheretoolaboringclars havesomesmallshareof abstractformula?? Sir,toestatesmanishewhoderives toe ease to regard to too nations of antiquity, political power, the danger of such contests has been a his philosophy from the experience of UMworld Tho that UM European nation* commenced, constant subject or anxiety. When the laboring popula- theoretic politician to b e w h o would force the world to •systemofcivihsation oa toto institution, tion increases faster than capital accumulates, fearful conform its experience to hto philosophy. Tho one foundswe ourselves of oarTheVirginiatowuponthtosubjeetprovidesthat,"when- ever any person shall be found within thto State, charged with treason, felony or other crime com mitted to any other State, any Justice may, uponprevented by affording new outlets in which toey mayeoJontooUMsurpluspopulation,orelsebydiscoveringaadSC*5i!!? • 5 * •"K" * •"•"Mr; " d to do tbto baa beenS L K f i * * * •»«*••» care and forethonght of theBTtoth «<^aao for the last three centuries, to accom- mghitosucb. hands as these* Is it possible that such aotherdestroys social thstttatinns, makes revolutionaad leaves anarchy and confusion behind him. WIU not too intelngecoe of the North save our government from foildestiny ss oars might be is to be consigned to such keep complaint or oath, or other satisfactory evidence,log? Sir, I know that there to a noble army of Northern democrats and conservatives who, true to tho constitution andtotheUnion,aredoinggallantservicelatoecauseof both. There to not a patriot in the land who does not re- spect and sympathize with that gallant band as they fight bravely en.in the face of proscription and defeat, and who *•-* — Wa up his bands to pray for success for suchhat alas? we all know that victoryto not s awarded to the side ofJ virtue and tatelhgence tt^{£!!i!l^£ * * 'n'-baean l»rty dcaaiadeed UMpowerwhichit claims,and initshandsmayMary Stewart, toe oaly one that bad been severely in-m**-.Af¥a.2!!*Vt**•*• "»T <*P P*" .threads of ourtakentotheawait UMaction of thttaking pot and aboutupoa the plea that tt folto under toe barTof w; whether toey will do nothingtoprevent of their people upon oar ssean to oae that govern ment teg enddottroytog oar peace, ourear Uvea; ana If tiny believe to sees that toelaw of right aad of"wbenevera demand to made upon tbe Governor of tois State by toe Executive of any other State or Territory, m saycaaeaothorhnd bytht BSBStMotioa sad laws oftoe United States, far toe delivery of say person charged inrsof toe United States orrf'toto'state, he warrant nnder the seal of toe State autho it who makes such demand,either forthwith e as may so designated in toe warrant totake aad tiaxsjort such person to the line of ttus Stalestchildren,andhvadoa goodwith!r-a•*—--,— • • •-W W SBBBWaM eTwyfowW—aam ass• it i •*• nB*lexcept at MM seat of the Untoa Itself.^ ~the expense of each agent, aad r<quirea'lpeaceofficers to ' the executioa thereof' cruet* tbe duty oflb*atea rl*socialmireekingthemeansofaao toeir hoaor, andtotoleaftoBecepttof fa*-—.. .-„,party, toot tf these ait»maiiv«a are t . QsMI asms M H S I B m OtaaawraJQB W aVmsaafW aM B •JBBVI TuaT IsM) CnAaaaaBaVaananaaaaaanBaliVstonVaBO*ri" whether they will do it or act, is South,whentberataldeedtosrasiBBto....,. ajcaawtban. AsBasilarsnowstead:bequeath another. BatwtenMtoaskedapoawhatview for_freeeom,andsetforaav 'fteeoxsn.assiatofarslBOMf.*' anSaaforthsrsays,-*OUR IBrEESTATE RELATIONS. and defend tt. They have ever baas toys! to she atssMts tins, aad wSatog to render a promptand cheerful ea Important Message ofGoveraor L*tetter toahtowspassedtopursuancethereof. Theirobio n t h e C o a r s e vt t h e G o v e r n o r o f I o w a to their sister Mates to toe surrender of fugttlvtIn Refusing to>Surrender Coppoc-Gov. justice,andindischargeofallotherdutiesdevolvingopoaTbe reasons assigned are, to my judgment, exceedingly frivolous,andsuchashavetonopreviousinstance,to myknowledge,influencedtoeactionofoayStateExecuI noticed in the Hmuin of yesterday tint your repartee? was foiled In his attempt to pet a peep at toe forntidabkf steambatterytoHoboken. Havingmycuriosityexcitedthis State, effecty e t witoa certainty thatIt mosthave thatBe declines to grant toe requisition, In hto letter of the 23d of January tost, upon two grounds;—shall demand a person as a fugitive from justice, of UM Tuesday under somewhat pecu-tor rtrrnmitanfoa OMThe act of Congress provides that when arequisitiontoagent when he shall appear " Comity between friendly sister States would seem to require that, in notorious cases like tbe present, of aggrhvated offences known to theAlbert HazieU. But when toe prisoner swore that OaTanraw MOSBT UBBSB FALSI rssisaiSM 1 Foousfl hto otme was not Hasten, but Albert Harrtooa, instead PracnusSB.~A peddler, named Abraham Levi, called aHow different baa been the course of UMGovernor of Iowa! Instead of causing thi&oftender to be arrested andhis pack (which be represented to be very valuable), for 4 , S ttrampled upon, w e moat mast tote spirit sf sspjresatonFatal ArcmssT TO a hUcHisrsT —Coroner Gamble heldjured, wss cared for privately by mttirastii sarttos P o-liceSurgeonKennedywaacalledin,andloans herlaadying condition. Officer FteW, after much trouble, eue- dying condition. Officer FteW .after much trouble, suc-St'MSWB DT Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com?a*Wir law^WWarp^powawajp e^aaawr. •awpaBBSBBaassv^sssyss BaaFW p^^T •!w m 