 [After vtpeat M! attempts to eflejt .an election had been mond's facts, as reported in that letter: resentation of the Northern Democracy. In the-lurgi madt* jvitlvont sU'-c*ss, several members of the Free- RAYMOND'S THEORY, RAYMOND'S FACTS. cities; as New-York and Boston, and in the mannfac,k*"•'•*" J^-^j^y^j^t^fcHfer?^w' -. v'•• •«•ij /iI >' )»I*Iin nominating; candidate* for ofji.ee, iehat tu '•tm-jone' to ami a vote for the candidate that should be nominair consider is simply what on fhe whole is the' i rest of*6i • 1.' 7, ft • r 8 v> - -.t ~»"***~**J>- &kmm6.w>-A-i*.'MEXICO.•••••••V '•.''\ ^>FFICUI» DISP A TCHES FOB W ASHINGTON., • llieinaife of *bePocAhontaf" arrived at New-Oriean* - - «*tb«-2£d inst., bringing detail* of tbe Mexican news••Jiwbrchthetelegraphbaaforniabedaaoutline. The • Temelleft VCT*Cra*on the J6«h inat., at which place the U. S. revenue cutter Dodge, ivhicb sailed from ' Ottivfeion with Mr. Elgee, the Secretaiy.of Legation,*• bearer of dispatched, had not arrived.m• LA TEST CURRENT MEXICAN NEWS. , . , Prom Tht Xe%o-Orl«an$ Tieavwe if (ke'^d.Our correspondent at Yera Crnz thus sums »p briefly ,j tlte latest current neves from that city and. the capUal:iRALLYING SONG OF THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN CLUB]BT TKAVK J. WHITE.SONSofFreedom!sonsoflabor!Ye whose«n«*> with patriot sseal jFrom tbe plowshare wrought the saber, Bravely crossed with British steel,!Round your standard swiftly ^raily, Strong in battle for the right; .Truth your watchword, Gcjd your ally, • In the camp and in the tigti',!Though your hands are rough with toiling, They are true in time of need;wmm a <?«<i«i pledge to Seward, were taken out of his smous difficulty '«Y principle in lending .itself to any mmetf, and tbe herrefrts that may then result could have done nothing had hot the delegations to fcheme of SodtheiTQ aggression? The 'real difficulty partisans, is of little consequence to thehajnrlk ai^d. on the third ballot, were carried over to which I have referred concurred with him; and they has been, that this time the representatives of(}'thje largo. The question still to be considered is Li!j»«fflru Wetlimk ;itwould be difficrilt-to'piekouttwo« • •H#'.I. Gen. Ampndia, the successor vi Parte Arrwv»>, a?. Minister of War, is rapidly concentrating rfce<>nsti- tmicnal forces for a combined attack on the C5ty otMttxko.II. It is rumored there is to he an important change In Juarez's Cabinet. Lerdo will probably resign, and Ocampo and Zamora come in. ' ,III. San Luis is in p<>esession of the Liberals, nn- derGen.Uraga;and^en.Diazdela"Vegaisbadlyconnection with these charges, but, as they were sup- ed by'that Convention. But the nominal represent^ the country at. large—what is• the principle solvedported by a hundred other men, most of fhem dele- tion subserves the purpose had in view—it g vex. th4 in the contest between the two parties. If gat<ea,;andall men Whose disinterested Republicanism semblance of a. national party, and is of a piece with should he made in the putting up of candi tcsj%. couW not he Questioned, the-ehafts of slander fell ha*m- the charlatanry by which the Democracy made itsel| office, we may not, therefore, withdraw fro acu'vift,appear in the lost Presidential election the patriotic] participation in the canvass. The questiori «ti r-ecurt le.«-8. No one man could have. p; oduced the reedlt stay of the nation against the raid/if the sectionalMM Shall we he better off by the success of the oth party?' 'as.crilied to Mr. Greeley. When the nnanimous testi- publican party. ; | ' No honest man should allow personal piqneto terfer*. mony of the delegations.from tbe pivotal States is ig- .It is quite'essential to these conscientious rcpresfen with tie proper discharge of a great public du • U,* nored, a small cause may be assigned for the defeat of fatives of fhe Northern Democracy, that they flhojif^ Seward btmfelf has fuinishid agood prc<yde: in higshave a profession of faith tbat shall admit of an bi»rfj letter, published rirue the nomination ofVLr. vincoltL Mr.Seward;butthefacts.astheyexistedbeing pretationcorrespondingwith,orat'leastnotuttx^rly TheChicagoConventionissaidbyitsadve riestod therefore given notice that it would wait no longer than tbe 10th m»U It was generally believed no largeanmastiff' }b d# 'of ., ,,,.,,,stu miopal Government to its rcpresenuttive at Wash- ington.The lost, we understand, confer upon Senor Mata full power to make, on tbe sp<^t, tne changes in the-streaty a»>ktd for by those members of the Seiiate who iave hitherto opposed its.ratiiication.^vTLe pioposea changes are principally confined to the eighth article,'and have reference to the demands 'which otb«rr countries may m»ke, under " the favoreda»a*Jon clause," for similar"treaty stipulations.The dispatches to Sihor Mata"also extend the time within which the treaty must be ratified for the periodof two months.Mr: McLai-e,.we understand, is well, and confidentof the.tpeedy triumphs of the Liberal Government, eepeciaijy if tbe treaty ye ratified.Mr. E..L. Plumb is in elu;rge of these dispatches, 2nd will leave for Washington iu the evening train. The Pocahontas will await ma retarn here.H^alt, Recording Secretaries; and Benson Ferris, jr.,Corresponding Secretary. It is^ proposed to hold a rratification meeting on tbe.5th of Jane, and fo hold a weekly meeting thronghout the campaign.. The Re-cidiug the choice, and thence- forward tiie only apprehension ou the par; of dij!«g.»tes seenie.d to be that th»-y would not he T^gi«t^r«.d i n tho winning side. The final concentration upon Lincoln wois then maiiily. in myagainst the will of the people, and that military force should, if necestary, be employed for that purpose— another part, holdjing that in^.'ead of penal laws and an armed force, the whole matter shall oe regulated by the decision of thelUjnited States Supreme Court in the Died Scott case, it being understood that no future de-jmpney*.: Some letters and some remittances ai-i jfrpipri bim at first, then nothing came, and there'blank of several yeais. Tbe wife thought herself jBerted. .Thefamily, whose good opinion of tiebajtid bad not lately been so often published asformej told her that it was cl-aiiy a case for a divorce. Wj leu i\ I had b«.-come well accustomed to the sound of i his tinlpleaeaii- word, the discoiisolate wife was thrown;J-JZOM THE RIOGRANDE.dressed fle audience, the clear tones of hit* voice tiion. As Mr. Lincoln's nomination, finally, was a It displays, indeed, a remarkable energy on the partsounded [forth to the extremity of the crowd, who matter of impulse," it must be evident to the meajuist of Mr.'I)ougla8, arid it singular power'in the adroit tMt he. had remained single for her sake. could al|h<|ar with perfect ease; while Mr. Douglas, conversion of the interested motiveB of politicians, to tpqnght nourish«d her affection, and at because M ids hoarseness,' could be heard only a few understanding that i,t waH'not, a.matter of Greeley! his own advantage, that he was able through his shaj;, obtained a divorce from her husbs rods irom.tijO stand. . He first took up the lissuea Mr. And how obvious is the adr<;irnesB of ;' Mr. Lincoln's friends to maintain-j ah. apparent superiority over all ;WbJpj had' deserted her, aud remained abe DouglasMimade, straightened them out,alndbrushed friends," who ".made the arrangetru nts for the Con- other-candidates against the jealousy of the many as-them awa|) pike so many cobwebs; and then entered vention," to have provided a J " cent tgious impulse" pirants for the Presidential office, and the decided hos- beyond the time allowed by the statute. This acccinto amasurly defenpe of the Republican principles. tility of five of the Southern States, forming a strong wished, there was no barrier between her and. the He was,|.rili ike Mr. Douglas, courteous and gentle- for their chief! contrast with the jeehle tenacity of the ostensible, chamc of her voitb. Sne informed him tbat sheBy the .Arizona, at New-Orleans, we have some later Rio'Grande news. There had been a di^tres^in^ jwant »>f rain during the season, «nd the farmery were sufiTering much loss. The Rangern, under Captainshjs forever, when he should choose to claim her h; pealed ^sorely to the reason of his hearers. tributedtohim by-his too partial little hiographe|r; fi>r The Charleston Convention has broken no flagrante Ilcnfeelings cannot have be<:n pleasant to learn thiit,, i •,.;..,.r•^ i v l There is a distressed state of affairs at Mexico, Spurn the traitors who are seekingknown, the outcry against Mr.-Greeley seems but a repugnant to the general moral sense of the pcopld of T(prefcnt a sectional party. I know not uj what all brethren of the bntif;;,mnd a.Vrisis i» impending. .V Gabriar, the recalled French Minister, is at Ja- : &pa^ seeking an opportunity to come down to the coast^ f . 0 Miramon has left the city with his troops, marching toward Guanajuato, to fight about 5,000 to• 6,000 men, in command of Uraga. _VII No condncta coming, as- a week ago promised. V1IL The Trait £ Union has been suspended for•wawtwf printers. j . IX. Another forced loan of $480,000 has been levied at Mexico by Miramon. He has also issued a decree exacting 40 per cent duties on goods passing through*Jaiapa,in.«teadof10percent,heretoforelevied.X. Application of Zulongn. for the Presidency to i G«n. Miramon declined. Zuloaga subsequently takenalong aRprisoner by the latter.X L E x p e d i t i o n a g a i n s t P u e b l a b y t b e L i b e r a l s u n --• der Gen. Miranda. Departure o.f Gen. La Uave to as»i*t in raising troops for the Campaign.XJI. The schooner Virginia Antoinette leaving on fb«16thforNew-Orleans.I To dissolve our-happy lies,. "Cloaking crime with patriot ppeaking,Gilding wrong with glittering lies. Leave them to a nation's scorning,'convenient vent for disappointed and selfish maligaicy. fhe North; while they'hiivebeen quite willing t/> biyre principle it ran be so called: when freedom bfi opinionrerplte of the patronagt •« honored. Tbe sorewdc-ie a tb*t ever drove l^trgsun in- ^eseon from the accompiis Msco^nas appraises t ie maH in i.i« pictoraJ broer^jttWM Uwd to do in the last genfor next to nothing, bca veitised the tailors. Ary fron buxteringold I/>I;!H (S;-'PIX I I L Arrival of schooner • in*.Col. Lester onthe 13theta;ement respecting the movements of the friends of Licut.-Gov. Raymond in the wet-tern part of the State, to secure his election to the United States Senate! in the place of Mr. Seward. The statement wste. perfectly authenticated to us, and we are sure it was perfectlyJgc,} of August 27,1850:" ^he Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, the regular Demo-Yorker of Republican principle* has lost his chancesentirety of the Union. 1 : But the time has not yet come when freedom ofperous administration of our Government. . Tn is not too mufeh to say that the p a r t e m braces' rViAn differing;THE DECISIVE BATTLE.. From the City of Mexico, we leurn that Miramon left Kbe capital on the 10th, ut tbe head of all the forces at bis command, for the purpose of giving battle to Urag-.i,for national promotion. The political power of thecrati|nomineefprUnitedStatesSenator,waselected nationispassingtotheWest,andthefactsuggestsre thoughtandspeechcanberepressediiianyS'.Jitje •w-idejyuponmanymeasuresofpublicpolicy.,Thus110.000 N.C. Stot«6d J.OOOMiceouriSt&ti6s.. r..,;\ 3,000 T«5r.r.e*8e«> t-», '20. mi mwho was rapidiv advartcing, with much confidence and true. W e should, however, have added that thev L _ I . . J I i •'. d.i ~* : * i . . . w , :• i i . _ . i - . , ^ » ' withalltheusualhyperboleoflargestlibertyinthe: wellknownthatitrepresentstbe'great.m?^sof theostensible faith avowed by the Democratic party. Bujt.Kwealth, intelligence, and induKlry of, .the North. The4.000 do I .-ml * 1,000N<rw--York'Curt6» .<a•a 1,000 Kri«R.R-lrtrKtj:.bs.l0O 1: 1,000F.H.3K.R.3dmtgJlw. ilurn ,»•..!....j...'•;?.* •' 500 Mich.'So.Jdint«.'b#. 47all tbe r-resiige o1 bis la'e brilliant victory- The num-ber of Xfiran on'»troops is pnt oown at some 5,000, alleounted, while it w believed Urajpi b«s npw».rd of6,000. Tbe Censtitutionalititsare also believed to be . County, some time before the Chicago Convention hadmay ch&uengi com- 3 /Eeat acdiikms by the capture of that of Gen. Vega, Governor. It was in those earlier tfnd lovelier days,.1Democracy are contending for, the creed of that party would become speedilv concise and intelligible. /that prevail in the country- at Jarge. . I^eidtbe r|mem-fore San Luis Potosi.liered tbat tbe mot-t a<;t.iy,e politicians,are. those] who I hardly know what is the constituency of the No,rtriT bave'souietbing to gain individually", ana directly, by isbedjjofobeying the resolutions of. instrncrion passed theory-of Mr. Seward's discomfiture, with Mr. Ray- cm delegates to the Convention styling itself the rep- the^ucress of the parry. Bnt the greAPbedy.qf theThat» general engagement will be fonght, aad a de- when he liad still no doubt that,, with the aid of. ci*>ive baitle for Miramon at least, there can be but lit-,-He doubt. In all probability, indeed, it has bren fought 'to bring abtmt the nomination of Mr. Seward.•re this: If Miramon is victorious, hia power will of Thus establishing himself again in the full com-star/lijn Slavery, jmd the determination which he ch»T- leave to exhibit, in parallel columns, Mr. Raymond's hy r| ci last'legislature in relation to that subject.72 '> I2.000 MtcJi; So. Ut'astg. t>*. i'; Wtour** l:e somewhat prolonged. If he is defeated, it is ; .believed that.-his reign is over, and that'tbe Conxtitii- tiouaftat* will at once occupy the city without opposi-munion of the Republican party, and sealing his return to it by the great speech he had elaborated for the oc- casion, he had reason, perhaps, to expect that be mightT«E " Co^'.vK^TlON " n o IT. THE " Con VENTIUX " DIDN'T DO turing towns,' there is, indeed, a-large "body of Irrs" S«;il j apy. l>elievii)g that there was an attempt on the ••'The mniTi work at th<i Chi j IT. ccadj'iitofs of Southern slaveholders., Aside ftoni tbij5.0t0UCr.&.M.L.G li. It is ,17 Hoatj of Commerre 241j80 Fuclf. Ml. St'mghtip Co. 90tion. |It is stated as a curious fact, that on leaving thecani- pet to tbe-Senate. It has beeD generally supposed thatdoiwnmn consequence of his opposition to the introduc- of.Gov.-..Seward; that W.-IHtho finally irlndo -v/ut\partly an acci-tion cr \Slovcry into territory note free, although not only epecitic'wid dibtiuct object dent, dejridi'd'far inoro by Iho of such account! as to induce the election ;of Caleb a fonseof obligation to bforaote tlieprosperity dF thocoijcijfrhig wiljj hiiu in political opinions, voluntarily towKid -which in.conBcioutT ef- hhouts aad applause of thu vast Cushing as President of the Convention. It may bef nation. If the success of the party isattaiaablejonly. tal fvr tbe bead of tbe anro, Miramon took Zuloaga , along with him, iiaving gotten possession of lis personby stratagem.THE NEW FORCED LOAN.his failure to receive that distii-ction in 1857Jcaused in his eouli bat deep disgust, with Republican principles which k-d him to leave the party; what then could hegaveHfflui their votes, amounting to ten in the House of Kepr^senti.tivesand three in the Senate, which secured his ele |t»on. It was certainly an act of magnaninoity, which cinnot fail to be appreciated, and particularly as a fr^jejyrill offering (from men who areni an oppos-N. Y. Contra! RR W0 , do10O do G ' d o .forcedloanofnearlybullamillionofdollarsontheWealthirst capitalists of the city and vicinity, in sums his elevation to the Senate, to be followed of course incoherencetoprinciples heldin-commonbythem withof $1C0 to $6,000. Tbe list before us, filling some eight eolnmns of tbr Progreso, is truly a formidable one to look at. Aiuong the best names we notice the follow- ing: J. B. Jecktrr & Co., thr well-known bankers, for $6,000; Jo*e Pacheco, for $6,000; .Jose" Maria Rincon,due time by the Presidency i^elf ?. But alack ! " The best laid schemes of imce and menGntjgaftafjlee."There was a great deal cf crockery broken at Chi-of part y {distinction—Aititizen of Roxbury, Masp., who was present at a discission between Messrs. Lincoln and Douglas at Ottawi Lasalle County, 111., on the 21st of August,18l>8,v|iiesanacconntoftheaffairto TJic Roxbury Join ?u Afi'er referring to • the personal appearancetho Chicago Conv«»tion."arose from tho ten thousand per-sons conarepiited in th»t Wig-wam, upon the preselection ofhis name lis a i;andidat«j—and by'he «-cho it received from thestill ter<7«;h'gathering in the street exponents—is said to be infallible. Its faith, then, outside." I$6,000; Francisco Itnrbe, $6,000; and Manuel Escan- cago Irests not upon aniy individual, not even Thomas Jef-: fer.«onhimself, who,indeed, haslatterly been rather unceremoniously put aside, though with the admission tbat he said some things that were very well. But while the most eminent of the Democratic leaders have made mistakes, the vision of the Democracy itself has always been unerring. Thus the one principle; abovfe-don,$6,000.W e notice also that tbe French house of Lubadie &Co. is down fof $1,500, and one or two other houses with English namts attached to them. So there would aeem to be no distinction of nationality;—Mr.F.G.Boguc of No.77 Cedar street, New-"The arrangements for tbe Convention were in the hands of Mr. LIn iolti'tt- friendt, and th-y bad I ee» made with' special nference ;n securing the largest possible c )ncourse of his iinwe- di»te n"i :hoors and political support T J "PERSONAL.J-' jatnne sums each.THE GREAT CONDUCTA NOT COMING.an ox-goad six feet hi^h, were on the platform.Speeches were made, and resolutions adopted indorsing corrun •lift ns or brilliant scintillations of wit .to elec- credit whirh holouga transcend- i-vcry vot? given f >r hii.i.im- ated to itself extensively the vision thereof-There waa a good deal of market tbie morning at the ope of the upward movement apj ?hen tbe foreign advices byeived, jond the decline in >urage to attempt toarresim iweU-turned or .finely-rounded periods; noJournal assails J udge Bates as " a renegade from our Yord and Littleton, had reached Goliad ou the I5th ranks," and is grateful that he was not nominated atfectively IpttDouglas's personal allegations; and when have plotted an accident^ inspired " a \ ast cOncourse" soluble unity of the party, and the clear and unanimous passion for ber- in the waves of time, and that at the he walked ikto Douglas personally, he shaved him to "thundering shouts" for the ma:i whom he op- perception of the Democratic principle—some expres-with a kec.il and polished blade.- He was not destitute posed, invented a "contagious impulse" to,defeat his sion of which, if we may judge from former precedents, timeldf lier handsome offer he no longer palpitated fpriost., and were-discharged by the- Commissioner, Col: " MeKnight. The following letter explains itxelf:iKBATXJHAltTKKH Ba/>WNl»rttt,B Y.XVKTHTJOS, } JfOHT KKOWX, Texttm, April 28. fiSHO. ],.Opt. J0H5 S. Foan, Commander of (be Juo (Jrande Squadron Tcxa* Kanger$, Brotcntille Texas.' CAPTAIN:,Learning from the Commissioner of the' State of Texasjthat your sqinwlron will be withdrawn from the Rio jGrande, I "with pleasure make use of theChicago. •:•''. —The Democratic journals of Minnesota aie in arage because their delegates at Charleston were not as true to the cau^e of Douglas as they ought to have been. Political death, they say, is the fate of traitors.Of wit, a i d Ms ready and pointed turns'told on the. ears of h a audience, whose frequent response was, own favorite, and have beguiled a sovereign State to' H i t him iajain! ' He had' greatly.tbe advantage in "clutch at the honor" of disappointing him!the debate; jMit that was partly owing to his being inThe lesser Bennett, who flew smiling-to the arms of the asceudeiMy. The upturned faces of tho immense Mr. Lincoln, and crouched, moaning, at the feet of Mr. 'auditory-fvanousl'y estimated at from 15,000 to i.'0,000 Seward, and who now proffers .his treacherous courte-—showi'd;ith(;ni them to be, iive to one, enthusiasti-cally litteniig to his words. And when he. retired sies to the party he has deserted and deiamed. ought towill he-devised, wbijclj shall be as perspicuous as the herJij; In fact, Barkis was not willin'. As if all tlla oracul.-.r sentences ol] Delphi,-that is to say, which shall. were not embarrassing, enough, who should turn | p . he equally appropriate for all possible* opinions andsourcesot•policywhichmayhereafter,byanycontin- butthehusband,whomadehisappearanceintheform"—Mr. James A. Nisbet of Georgia, an original opportunity totreturn my sincere (hanks to yourself, Douglas man, lately made a speech at Milledgeville,Democracy.The late debate in I the Senate would seem to show!Capii. LittietooL,.and the oHicers and meu under your eomaiand.abandoning Mr. Douglas because he thinks that gen- tleman cannot receive the nomination at Baltimore.from ih«- stai||d! thtVy caught him upon their shoulders,and the lutjt we saw of him, his tall form was disap- can enjoy " the sympathies of youth who deplore" that Mr. Douglas bad the advantagelas far as respects pearing hij'irfje| distance, apparently seated upon the ihe. defeat of Mr. Seward, and yearn fir the elevutiou precedents in Democratic platforuis, resolutions, andI -wish to hearwitness that while operating with mycomniand,theeonductofthe^an^ershasgivenme —TheChicagoPressandTribunehearsfromevery great saiisiactii-a. i Jb&vv always-found you prompt in part of Illinois "the welcome news that the merrwhoobedience to ordurs, and your companies have been permitted themselves to be drawn into the Fillmoreexpressed opinions, of]prominent men in the party;!bnttbo-froitkr;fThe concition of the Rio Grande frontier is no bet- Lincoln in '60."Suite forthe nominees of the Convention: It would, I let'gyman was'summoned, a marriage was perlMarshall is an inmate of a hospital at Buffalo, diseased down to the last moment, with jnst as much earnestness and miserable, and abont to die. Intemperance, of as he opposed Mr; Seward; and that Thurlow Weed,'.••'•..i••; '•'*aouxse, is the cause of all this."3TOLITICAIfar ajs we know, to influence a single vote. Tn spite of one a»an was better than snecess with another, that that hetons the supporter of popular ritrhtf in Ka,n*an— the controversy between the two Te»dTngparl: OfTftfr. iis3ft'bor, a large number of delegates who came here other being a sound Republican. But Mr. Greeley would it not be award to suppose that such a'party had country, the success of certain mdSvidualsin <•because rbe favorite son of New-York was not nom- inated ? Had tbe hopes and wishes qf the North-Westhe could laty a roll to hr< Stf. VIn the ranks of justice foiling Plot of crime and tyrant deed!This your motto—" While oppression Stains our else united land,To the sin no base conc<:KKi<>n,To the man a brother's hand." •.Leave them tainted and alone, Shunned and loathed, a hideous warning,less war of words be ended'! A plain duty is before spbynx-like utterances of a self-glorifying Democrafcvl j it was because freedom of opinion and action is pro^' those who sincerely cherish Republican principles. la of the devices of the. Jesuits to 'rid 'themselves of all i ecjrihed in those States. Is ?J,probable, nty, uit pot, tbe party to he sacrificed to petty jealousies ?. Is Mr. unpleasant questions among themselves when sbarplyj;. riblc. that there can be no difference opinion\ theretpressed by the Jansenists—it is the pouvoir prochainA^ Yet. the whole South are dragooned into one opinion Lincoln to be defeated because Mr. Seward does not —a form of speech that should per se constitute oriliq-1 by legislatures and mobs. To charge a ] rty ag bear the banner?. Is the favorite son, of tbe North- doxy; every man.was left at liberty to construe it |aa| sectional^because it has no representation-fri n monfe West to be received with cold words and averted looks he thought proper.,, .- , • ,. i of those States, is as decorous and consiaten as the A darker parallel may occur to one who is famiharj judgment of a justice of the peace who lodced his with the history of past ages. A despotism existedjot doors against a defendant, and then entered hia detault1Rome under all the forms of.the extinct Republic, for not appearing.been disappointed, and NewrYoiik been gratified, would Augu8hi8 was nominally Consul, duly elected by tie It is mv opinion that the Chicago Convention was,,potNew-YorkRepublicanscryoutinamazemeutif.people,whileinfacthe'heldapowerindependent,jofjin'thefnllestsense,National inrtscbaractef. Caa 4the North-West, had said, as has been said here in New- them, and which he used in direct hostility to popular] there be a question that delegates from;Soutfi (farolioa rights. Yet was he as much the representative of t^ie' would have been patiently heard in tbat bpdy|in snp- Y o r k o f L i n c o l n , L e t t b o e e w h o j n o m i n a t e d h i m e l e c t R o m a n p e o p l e a s M r . B u c h a n a n h a s b e e n o f h i s ; Eo r t o f t h e p e c u l i a r v i e w s e n i e r t a i h e d I n t n a t l S t a t s ? him ? It may be well for New-York politicians to pur- Northern constituency. Will it be wo much to siy [ational disciif-sion, instead of proscripejrfh py mob sue a oourse that will'defeat Lincoln, and thus enrage that if there was not a necessity for the aid of .two or. violence, is the very element of this,consejryativl party*i-eThat no age will, call its own.,Struggle bravely and untiring!To the crushed give Freedom's.light!Soon j our foes will fall expiring, Conquer*dbyyourheaven-bornmight!Stainless then, as brow of maiden, The escutcheon of your land.T r e m b l i n g l i p s . w i l l o f t , p r a y e r - l a d e n , 1 Sweetly bless your gallaut baud, ivaljuc of a penny, for hescheme was brought to the notice of the gentleman who revealed it to ns, and who resides in Geneseeo r''count rU/incitherfusa|j if a small portion- of the Democratic members to bent Mipi-lirtl wiih artillery, to which they received cast a blight over the fond dreams of the ex-Lieutenant- sirpjiyrl him, the pretext of their opposition being the5,000 N. Io. lstxirtg..: MS 1 SIR: So far as Mr. Raym ond's letter from Auburn for the Presidency, and that Illinois and Ijidiana It w<mld, perhaps, be improper to look to th< dple— 3.00f» Iii. Cen. R.K. bd.«....'.'4 2his fond friend, Gen. Webb, he would be ableH. It. bd*;..1,000 JS\J, C«;«. Utaiix. bt,lp 96more fitting than that the renewal of his allegiance and- Before le&viag the capiuJ, also, Mirumon levied a of his po«erful advocacy in 1860should be crowned by iiigpoljtijoa) organization) to Mr. Hamlin for his firm'ntestYork;that he has ju6t " attended two ratification meetings— one at Muttoon, wbicii called out the entire population,writesus from.Muttocm,ColesCounty,111.,•'.A young lady, beautiful in person and attractiie in manner, who resided in the immediate vicinity of Bos- ton, was sought in marriage some years ago hyiitwoS9 do..50 do00 N. Y. Central RR 50 do...'.": •ft a!0 S<» •<) 82J :s blO S2j i 0£**mmclear that. Lincoln will sweep the entire NortvW est."—On Friday evening last, the Republicans of Tarry- as if (jermined' never to loosen his .grin. Hea root, pulling and tugging town and xicitity met and organized a Lincoln Cam- is, hov^-•<yer, neither logical nor rhetorical. He1 II - ~ ~ --itoo happy, frowned, and tbe man's riches took -w;ie features of the market undi •»8and beavinessi At tbe .$< ws etill exercised an si'dyei nding the favorable coara/ ;ent. The bulls made no er)eicee, preferring to wait Mil verned the market to-day !.a< d the under current of g»-D-iperation which parks t|l!e pr eircontrol. 'The quOtatioTilay 1 V- cent. Therej if 1 at matters are in a worMd c»n ian has been $uppo?ed, and U :ood, have been quietly pei n\e already 4>een paid ori 40.ing^iOjOOO shares. Central v i about 821. The. ifn:.o iliat the May receipts wi I"the early part of the mam:i, $li>0,0C0 increase. H ut|n well sustained at 49^ .oiid Mortgage OBond*, •?ry smi!<fevctoril)% Nea illions hn* been already,e«-ire hoW-.-rs, wli<in callirlt next month, to bring tipr . ake the extension prop^jW'1ale of reduced Farmers' -ipon he^Wostern shared there Vga»'9 ithsafair amountloi' buiiiie^' Awi, the markeit was jgenena« no disposition to pre^s kceM lendmuairfkccetismn-,wrtli|>ut."jj|»s$d Government st^kfi airel u is of 1874 are held!at lOJ.jiit :«ilroad bonds are- in conside-.v.'o r descriptions arfe| miprovjir-J. re: United States! J5s, '71, }^-i 'irginia 6s, 93i^i91; Teuu^st>uri 6s, 84f«84j;i Canton Co c Mail, 88^^89; Of. Y.'.wend Eaiiroad. 21J *91i; Hud oxl; Harlem Railroad. 1.3-aPj41; BJoading Kailroad. 40||: ;«iiroad, 53i«5;^ \ Michigii:liana fcailroad, U|«ll) ; Ho. ( a Railroad, : 134^1^1:;pfoad,63£®64; Gtdelaaand Cbi^:c ^Cleveland and Toledo •Railroad; 'itock' Wand Railrojad', ?0^3T0i:;-©91^; Pennsylvania Coal {Com war^anA Hudson Cpal Cod>.pa!:y BurKnglou and, Quincy, 17m ??h\x thj^ Foreign Bill wamet'•cbange, but Sterling is"ecart|jo!y i--amooat of money would be sent.O F F I C I A L DISPATCHER FOR WASHINGTON. lai^n Association. The Hon. Theodore H.Benedict ASin thenogaT1JJE XEW TREATY WITH MEXICO*.In addition to. the mails, the Pocahontas brings up PowJfs, Peter P . Cummings, and Jas. S. See, esqs.,"'important dispatches for Washington, both fryun .Mr.McLane to toe Secretary of Suite, and from tbe Con- Vice-Proridents; Gilbert S. Greene and Warren L.appeals*» it to the intelligence of those who listen, tocjver to hi» own judgment;, but he taunt«," On the thinJ. ballot the ont-sider» haH it all th«-ir own ivay.JJpon the first c^ll Lincolnlackedonlytwoandahalf vote*' allowedtodolas.l.lieypleas*-—apart,oftheConventionand used them in flight. Thereupon the husband I |wpnnduphisbusiness,put his wife and.childrej, iWJKOni there were two, at a comfortable boafidute, and then departed for California in searwas elected President; B. F. Cornell', Henry P.repn'4><h ijandbrowbeatshisadversaries. He hurlsalusiveje litbets, indulges in personalities, appeals toheads of tho crowd— The h'mitOrleans Delta says: N"To unjtje stand Douglas's weakness in his own State, it mint (to remembered,that in. his late contest with Lincol i, though he succeeded, by stumping.everyWihhk'gyou ail^iispeedy and happy return to your give in their adhesion to the Chicago nominations.". Legislature]!, was in a minority of:five thousand onnoted for their good order and discipline; HJSO when mndrr trying circ«anstances on the Mexican side of the river.THE ISSUE OF 1860.BEARINGS OF TIIE QUESTION UPON THE FUTUltS POLICY OE THE COUNTRY,dency. There is too |much of practical common s<.Mise, too much affinity with the opinions entertained at th« North to satisfy the politicians of the South wha have virtually the control Of the Democnitic party.cor n|el w ith herself, she jiacked her trunk, weeing th«t her wardrobe was unexceptionable, and.came to tbtt inetMnolis. She met the comhig man on his arrival^" T h e FillmoreRangersof'5C—AllRightfor Abecountry may be affected. So far as my remarks shall ocratic or Pepuhlicau. but can hardly secure a single Cal foknia and its loneliness, and took her to his heart!t e r than it W-»s in December, and there is little pro>i-pect of any in.-med*ia«e iciprovement. True, thjro are —On the 24th inst." (Thursday); a glorious ratifica- four cocpauk* of UPWV<3 vStates Cavalry between tion meeting was held- in St. Paul, Minnesota, by the.Targs; -.br. Z»!i,.im,*.i of the seroeot-eltt'.ching eagle, by •Xbrnesotian and T'vaihs fays the meeting was by far tbat memorab ;e result. Now, Sir, I was a delegatejeioovi-'gtbe bot»»daries of iMexico eastward, he witl the best ever h«£d in the State. in that Cony eii ion from California, and took pains to• Brol^r>sv)lle^a2d Rio Cxxande City, commanded bybrave^ind efficient o£iee«i, rendering it unsafe for out- sided, and made an address. He was followed byfeelings of re t, the personal controversy that has been in progr Sbetween yourself and some of your broth» r edhf if to the influences that defeated Mr.Mie. Betsey Jones died in Do Ruyter^MadiBon Co.^ "on the 9th ins'-., at the advanced agoof I0fl>l'ublic attention has lately been occupied with the Chicago Convention. -That there is serious disappoint-nomiiiaticai of candidates for (be Presidency, aud it ment on the part of Mr. Seward's friends cannot be —Ijpra Armstrong, a colored woman, diedattbomight be supposed, upon superficial observation, that disguised.' I agree, however, with Mr. Greeley (und Dub hyw County Poor-House on Wednesday, aged HIV the strife was simply for the success of certain promi- this i« indeed admittedjin tbe letter of Mr. Seward yfiar^.l I^ist Summer she enjoyed good health, and nent politicians in .the accomplishment of their aspiror himself since the nomination of. Liiicoln) thatno. hiaii supported herself by gathering herbs and selhng them tions, and the rewards which would be tit the disposal' has a claim to office.'. The only question is, who willof tbe victor among bis adherents. A n fleeting mind be niost available for tbe public advantage. I do iiot thro igi the streets of Poughkeepsie.•hesitate to say that I am not one of those who would —Mr. John Greene, a veteran actor and manager,will, however, perceive, that theie arc underlying all compromit, or in a^nv degree put at risk an importanttliis htritggle for office, principles of vastly more conse- principle for tbe siike of success. It would be more died in Nashville on Monday last, in th*e 65th year ot quence to rbe country than ail the gratification of per- congenial to my habit of thinking to bo defeated in a his'ai<s: Before'Tyrone; Power came to this country,.friends of Lincoln and Hamlin. Gov. Ramsey pre- tbe kind of warfare that Cortina has chosen to adopt. xm>ny other enthusiastic speakers, including one who-Union. .. .both the Democratic and Republican parties.I propose to discuss very brieflyl the' action of the yeai B,|3 mouths and 10 days.iaws to cross in large bodies. Suon, however, its not-He has »*vorn in his wrath" that, since he cannot ei> •addressed the Germ&ns.in their own language. The Seward at €1 it ago, and the part Mr. Greeley took inof outside bills is moderate; St.-rii :not allow Amerieaaw to enjoy any privileges in the val- inform mystfti fully as to the opinions of delegates and i * Jtey of the fcio Graatde. it in very esisy for bis guer- —Senator Slide£l has publithed a letter addressed to a outsiders geiiorally, and believe.I know what causes15,000 bush. .Whejat in bulk at tush: Com at 8d. in'-bulk.and St Oateat9|d. ^ t>0 lib. Jo'ls-n^To Glasgow, 1,000 bl-I.v tuns Tallow at 25s. To Brer 1f on private terms. To Hamb".. <r Jc.;50 tuns Measurement U.HX 350 tuns to Cronstaft with 50;) his casks Rice at i».; 20 tuns Meaaifork and .a in* [Three vessels tor C<rin ship}>er's bags. BarkMaulc ICorn at 7|d; iii siupper'aj b-t^id Flour at 2s. b\31- The bbip- jhorn to au Atlantic port ohpr The business of the Sub-'l'rya 139,600 72—for Customs, $r i,0 S16 67; Balance, $6,975,750 : > /The April' earnings of the i^ payment of all r.unping e:qx v^rilla banes to carry. fc» tbreHt»* into execution. Sucn is pronsinent Democrat in Louisiana, of which the follow the nature of the cotaatry that no military force is suf-ficient to prevent tbe«e guerrilla, iijcursions across the vag is an extract:contributed Mr. Seward's rejection; and that tboeecatihes were; in motion by no one man, or small priver, and Americans will not be,safe ou their rauehos " Had the Charleston Convention resulted in the har- body of men ly own feeliugs toward Mr. Seward2&*$3 other steps are taken for their security. A fiict monious adoption of a tfound platform, and the nomina-gonal ambition. contest w h e n an important principle was at stake,from the high respoct I entertained' The late Convention at Charleston was t n act in the than to obtain an ambiguous, success bv puttiug up ban ct'?is on the American stage. • jopinion, have been: Shall the Union lie preserved or destroyed 1 Mr. Lincoln may be, awd probably is, as hostile to tbe institution of Siuvery u*iMr. Seward, but his record on that subject, which I have not yet had tbe opportunity to examine, is comparatively obscurethe peculiar lie . part representIN wmmimitJ •'4I—Ten years ago, when Hannibal Hamlin was still a mem her of tbe Democratic party, be Was reelected to tie L7. S. Senate under circumstances which are fully,/TcgaKiesboasted6f,dorngX,.'>U by the morit adroitly clor-COMMERC1*PI1.000UnitedSUto»5^,•Cd.tOi! 2.000 Virginia Stat»i 6».7,<O0 do..... m- 5fromthe •8n it does the- heated iron on his anvil,th<- pivjni the pa'rtpj •seemed to false light and as ac- tion of dil as a poljta•jes of his.adherents, and grossly caricatures iid the principle he assails. His whole effort Je to bold up.Mr. Lincoln and his party in a as seekers of the' dissolution of this Union, :cates Of the social equality and amalgama- ting races. We could regard,his effort only il tirade, which might be indulged i.n by aof a nomination Ohio w p the heingof opinion that Slavery must be maintained in first to clut-h at*he honor of do-, the Territories bv |the Federal Government, evenlfelves. • He approaches bis. subject :LS 1 >XV8 up blow after blow; or like atbroughou . the at-cond ballot the effoits of other States to resist the cnrreiit'which deluged the Convention from without, «r«re but partial\.y successful"1accomplished at the instance of Mr. Douglas, for thereason, be (Judge Broueon) says, that it leaves the people to do as they please.Tbe Charleston fConvention have? however, discov- ered tbat though the repeal was the right thing; yet that the Democratic principle was that the people shall not beheart, and his gold smoothed the rough places in! the human'path. Fortune, feeling that this couple v\ ereh,d< grip, ''IVistifit m*:*V&fit" ifa^VT:'C&'Sr*--.!;' IJW|! ,-were arrested for the eric •been sentenced; to dea-|h where the-murder took, t tenced to ten years' pcr;i complices; theyiarefur?-A taming to the island, ai-^xpen^es of the posecuti'' r ,-of the inHTitered man wi h—They have a myster been ft und on tbe paveu; inUniensrreet,tlm>n^jhL Pine street, to the door^o .f upon there has been ex<it baying together of policeni<—•The London corre>»pv».'< hion has some curious |>"» : allcgeoVmeanness of H. \R.toward artists:'"Growing years are 1with increasing partiality i to Broogham christ»-oir|^ Lord Barry was asked if;' an adept at the screw. • In rious prcK;livitiesare depHfc inconsistent with the Me. uions to keep up, and doW thongh tbe priofescion p|k 'for a 'commission' is a \*rt gratultttion,butofcbBdbfci¥ %w&NKW-YORR ©MkY TIHBUNE, TUESDAY, MAY 29, I860.m|n|df r^qrial strength and standing with theipinty, who may certainly be supposed to have known what was South have insisted upon calling things by their rigtyt w<!re in tlie Convention, as weak as these <»on proved be&t for their own States, and to have had honesty Dames, and the Northern Democrats nave, found, it em-the great InterestH of the country arc to be s. OWjIftf- It is rcrtain that there are many adherenti of|tboto|b«i. Mr. Greeley had no weight with the strakhtN<rW-York was as blind and unreasoning aa devotion could be.. So they failed, and the nomination was an event which neither had foretold, and which •pleased neitjher. It was made, not became of hostility to Mr. Se4kfaj'4f) or because the Convention failed to -recognize hifl|great services, but because Mr. Liucoln was sU(i- potfjd to have ihe clearest, and most unexceptionable teewd, to have popular attributes which Seward lacked, andjjtd have, also, that admirable combination of quali- tii ffjwhieh would insui-e in hint a President <>f{the old- fasnBbned class. The delegates were men of nerve.and cenpiehee- They did not act without canvassing the whdle field—weighing the chances of each candidate as dispfissionafely and calmly as possible. The-result'is beloe the world. The popular sense of the comtry, whit-h is -more acute and sagacious than the keenest noli ii'-ians, has pronounced it good. But for it neither HotbeeGreeleynorThurlowWeedistohopraisedor blaned.'.' .' / . -|.. ./•— The Knoxvillc (Tenn.) Whig,- a journal conducted by the SKev. Parson Brownlow, thus describes the Rep tblican candidate for the Vice-Presidency:V Chough a Senator in Congress, he is said to be a free negro—ru most appropriate man to run on that ticl><t. Tie is an Abolitionist of the Seward-John- llroira-rlelper-Irreprcflsible-Conflict School. In, all the acquirements of niind, manners, morals, features, coni]ilc.\i<m, form of body and limbs, shape of mouth and nose, wooly hair, with kinks, he BO much resem-bles t negro, that dressed up indifferently., he could he sold in the South for afield hand. He claims to be partPoi-fnguese,butthesobertruthis,hisbloodisthat of tl e Niggergee, resembling a free negro, more than any Wan living who claims to bo a white man, either i n w a o l e o r i n p a r t ! "barrassing to he deprived of all.the' juggling pretencsb Republican party who feel that there has beei enoughtotellthetruth..Besides,Mr.Greoleywas bywhichtheyhaveheretoforepretendedthatthcparjty promiseofprincipleingivingupMr.Seward,acom-opimlins he entertained upon- the subject of the.exte.7i- Mr. Greeley, I do not propose criticizing k; but I beg op1,000 da... : 10.000 Han. ic St Jon*phoftbetmen, he says:"Mr, touglas's power as an orator, was niuch less than w j|bad anticipated. There was no nice disfi'rim-b«) 22 1 1 '' - ' M oThe various religioas and educational societies, coa- and one at Charleston, the county seat, where the inifti.cn the point at issue, so developed and defend-vints/colleges,churches,oratories,congregations,dea-Gourt-Iloueewascloselypacked.Rails,wedges,andedasu see.nandacquiescedinbythosewhoheard,INSISTSTn/TOlCBELEYDIDIT.ATTKIBUIKHITTOA"CON- spokenofseemstpbelikethd"simulacrum,'.'orim-men.Oneofthesewaspoor,andamechanic!thoI50 Erie Railroadtorr'u-f, an'li-deaconries, &c, are also down for nand-" With the g«r»*,roMty which TA« OI;K IMJ»U&S».M belongs to hi* (Mr. Greetey'B) " It v at eu>y to see that the noturr, lie awardn to AthniB the thundering shouts rvhich greetedage of virtue which, the old philosophers talked of, though it doe* nop appear that, any one sect appropri-other was rich, and not a mechanic. The w< Mved the former; the family off the woman likedl tho ljifjer. As is tbe caj»e in su«h affairs, tbe woman mar-,a« we'.diction,the ticket, with a-'heartir.ess which showed conclu- tiify bils slidience; nor any deep-flowing pathos, to ently to hini»e)£"In the menn time, it is stilted from the capital that sively that the prairies are ablaze. Coles'is a border take 1: d of their hearts and-to carry them away-tbe merchants, fearing for its safety, or dissatisfied.with the hard terms, were backward in making up the conniy, and Lincoln carries the people with him. It isSomised condncta to V era C r u £ The Government early yet in the campaign, but the indications are verypretu*d tie convictii>Ji thut he Judge Bronson avows that he has always perceived,was the onlv man with wh )m since the Missouri Compromise was got tbrough by r|ed to please her friends. Having thus "sold jaer--sMr Sowaid,coiild be defeated., the Democratic pajrty, that the true principle was con- eilf," she oogHt to have been miserable, but she ra» Vfrn3ont\'a« the first to catchthe coiitc'ffi-'us impulse—aud tained in the repeal of tbat act, which was finally rj|<t. Her husband's unaffected love subdued heranticipated. There was no elegance ofnot allowed, to express his opinions unquestioned or •unassailed. All the abusive things that have since appeared in print against him were repeated adhad.in view the advantage of the whole Union, and not a mere sectiomilraterest.I say this with deliberation. The favorite allj, tion2 m public speeches and resolutions of the Denirgaeandidiiic eomparafivciy unpledged, and , im !wbo at all event*, is far inferior in qualifi^tions for be fcoffice of the country. I am dispo*ed, howi ver| to refcedn in this way, and there are, doubtlees, trtaiuuwm at Chicago. He was.'accused of hypocrisy, craticparty, has "been, tbnjt it represented all tfie Stitjgfi who may need tfie suggestion. The auestio-,•disappointed ambition, personal malignity, and all tbe of the Union. True, there was a representation ofother mean and malicious motives which are now even the New-England States in that Convention; j no or the othr may have. In the selection n hfngot. cluwged upon him. His statements were weighed in One of which could, however, be reasonably expected that sort, should be regarded. What we have now to*In conclusion, let me ask, Is it not better this use-t equally subject to an interpretation that will mjeet and discuKsiou is the distinguishing element! of 'that the exigency of the South. We are reminded by th^ue party.- So far as Southern States v^ere tlnrepr sented,XcurYork, May 26, 180U—TheN.Y.TimesaffectstodiscreditourrecentexplainedinthefollowingextractfromTfie Augustaassureasanchacourseispursued,thelas>t,New-moreofthishollowpretensionofregardfortile,I-conflictsofopinionasshallresult;jnia&^adjaridpros-in.both 'Mouses of the Legislature on Thursday last.W e pngrawlate the Democracy of the-Scate upon theresult. ^We rejoice that the question has been finallydisposed of.hi a'manner conformable to the wishes ande>'^j;tatim>8 of a great majority of the Democra'ic].arty OfMaine. The failure to elect Mr. Hamlin at aneariKJirjperiod'iji tbe session was occasioned by the're-flections that may well he heeded. •Kete-York,May28,i860.RAYMOND vs. RAYMOND.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.where it is not inferdictx;d by law for the perpetuation difference,.it is, however, conceded, shall be no bar toA . A.S. of a domestic tyranny. Hence we are still entertainell a ufiidn for the general welfare of the nation. It is 2,000 <io. ....j.......'. ;'®ritiithe Republicans of the great and growing West; but three Northern States to secure the ascendancy if) I I term it conservative, because it allows the 1utmost Southern proscriptive principles, we. should have r, o d'versity of opinion, and seel<S:«o fco!hanhonpe the«nle« at the j4t<Krjudgment, i matter of impulse "ractitioner at' the bar, but, entirely unbe- While Mr. Raymond thus vehen ently asserts his cisions shall be regarded, and that this particularpubluj-ns ol Tarry town ate going to work in earnest. ihiid-raxe.—4* A Seward man" writes us from the Susquehanna Valley, that the nominations of Lincoln and Hamlin, are received there With joyful enthusiasm, not unlike that which followed the nomination of Gen. Harrison, twenty years figo. . ^ '—A beautiful banner inscribed with the names, of Lincoln and Hamlin, was spread to the breeze at Mid- dlebury, Vt., on the evening of the 22d inst. Remarks were mace by J. W . Stewart, esq., E. Ormsbe'e, and W . F . Bascom, esq., to a large and enthusiasticcrowd. Vermont will do her duty in November.— The Petersburg (Va.) Inldligeucer calls on the Southern Democrats to come up and'vote lor Bell and Everett, as the only way of defeating Liucoln. Per-haps they will come.and tieVci to their prejudices.. He preserved discrimine to re-assemble at Baltimore, aiul when ir.. si ice, his rejection by her aud jher marriage to another, —The Washington Correspondent of The, Louisville his trmpeji- Merfectly, and replied with humor and ef- it may well bc-dqnbted if another mar; ives who could meets aguin we may!expect another proof of the indis- •tie ijunromantic hewer of wood had drowned alecoming ar"tained to rjtjnatorial'dignity. \ theory cf Mr. Greeley's refponsibility for the defeat of overruled by the same iCourt. The residue of thenot to be looked for'in one who had at-, decision shall be enforced, although if. shall hereafter be As M •. Lincoln arose lo reply, then began his eye Mr. Seward, he innocently cstablis kes the fact that Convention consists of those who hold wiih Mr. Doug-to glisten]; snd his countenance to beam with intefli- Mr. Lincoln was the spontaneous chcice of the People. las the right of the people of the Territories to deter-gtnee. LAa he there stood, ' he was higher than any The People, therefore, we maysupj ose, will not feel jnine for themselves whether they will have Slavery} Snip ti'e society of tbe mechanic lover, now prosperous,.. of the ||C'>J le from lvis shoulders and upward.' He but, in my judgment^ these constitute a minority of the was selirpjjJicgeesed, and perfectly at ease. As he ad- very bad about Mr. Seward's rejection by the Corive.u- Convention.^r.rt still unmarried. The memory of her early, ijeal ijjvecame upon her, and She believed with a secret joyn.anly in] a. his references to his opponent; and to Mr. Greeley may justly feeiproux of his success, friends of Mr. Seward in the late struggle at Chicago the princjNles which he combated. He ap- if he, indeed, achieved tbe wonderful triumphs at- for his nomination. I . •a section of ihje State where his party was largely jnc-fj k]letter, announcing that he had accumulated a dafc*(zlijiig' pile of/wealthy that he was on his way home,' actually thought by all the members of the great aiJdi|;hat she was to meet him in New-York. The let*tei-awO chid her for neglect in not writing to him fcjryeir|, and it was clear that' he had sent assurances <|flo\e jand also material aid at intervals during his ab-tex cej- w-bere these had gone, no one knows. Hera, D.-c.s. Ipredictthatallthisjwillconstituteaslenderguarantythiolwastrouble.Nohusband.nolover.Theon© for the accomplishment of his aspiration to the Presi- sh« lad divorced; the other had refused her. Takingdelusion of 1856, whereby Fremont was defeated andBuchanan elected, aro making all convenient haste to portion. ofatth State, in carrying a majority of the 'To the Editor cf The N. Y. Tribune.botues, 1 remain, v*trylx.ujy, yoar friend and obenient the populan servant, . S. P. HKIVTZKLMAV, —At the Republican ratification meeting in Phila-But enough of this Convention. The subject is dia- and tfld h!im the whole story as correctly as site, nat* Siu: I need hardly premise that I an not a partisan phanous, and may be'seen through by any man of com-Major V. S. Infantry, iCommtaiiins Drowo»vilie Expvdition. ^ delphia on Saturday evening last, a large body of men popular and It a Legislative vote, it is plain that nn- left* some ji erjy reuiarkable and inexplicable changeTAe' ifmrtcns-e-tUe iFUtf, of the i7ih hint, takes the c&ane down from one of the urper Wards,-drawn in should taker |<e Douglas could -fellowing cesponde*C view of the state of affairs on an immense car, the sides of which bore the device/ against the I uhlicausI need spend n^> time upon the nominations of the it. e husband scowled, growled, looked at tho American party.at Baltimore. All that can result will- cha n|ngface and the becoming toilette, rememberedRESULT AT'CHiCAGO.16 Republicanit accords with my convictions of what will bo sound by some'of the Southern States, and would have con- oj;ci veonnecled with th*-se valley raucbos,; not generallykno'A u in tie interior States, is, that a field untilied tor t w o seasons becomes a chajparal thicket, too dense to Jbe penetrated in any way «ave by a grubl>er. It ean- not be plowed, and tbe original labor of preparing- it Sop the jjb/W b** to be done /oyer, so that the labor of yefcss ja all lost by two years of neglect."TJWB EWJBCW oy DKI.VXV—John D. Ddfreea, writing to Tii* fjtdiazuipuli* Journal, myjft » /'*Tw-ejpty y^ars ago I was a looker-on ;ut the doings -of Congress. The two men who attracted the most attention were William Cost VJohnsoa of Maryland, and Thomas F . Marshall of Kentucky; They were the most briKiaot orator»—tbe *observed of all ob-ago, apauperandanoutcast,nnnotJpedandmaht- quote: Mr.Sewa/rd-•|Mr«Greeley'sviewsIlearnedbyfre- country. Woulditnotbeaatraitfedcons-ructionto Wecannotundowhathasbeendone,andevenifIjnented. Tbe papers, a few days ago, ioformnA us that "The truth is that Mr. Greeley opposed Mr. Lincoln., quently hea.>sMjf them expressed. lie concurred with suppose that, a party which elected Mr. Polk against Mr. believed that the late nomination had been effected by , -04 of the chief clerks in the Busine* Departxtion of a man pledged to carry out its principles,. I may bejudgj would have preferred that a direct issue should have on' every ball. been presented to the people of the Free States, by thenomination of Mr. Seward That issue would, in myretire ,to "the elbows of (anew) Mincio," where hes.n. ofMr.Douglas.ifitwere vot.that Pennsylvania muftbepersuaded!''rconstituency, of this Convrnlionas heretofore, that the Tariff is the principal object hm parison vilh the people ofany-agein view in the election of the Democratic candidate, ,of the particulari? above nam^d. -,, •> i • /t% ,'• ,frelates to matters personal betwejen Mr. Seward and must be satisfied that Popular Sovereignty i« what th& •gates' iberriPelveB as representing', wholly the opjinioais1,000 Chic.i-N.AV. B, F. b«. 7* 5,000 CLic.&N. TV.Aatmtjf/W43»portance tbaD any public purronage> '.'Thoy desire to> part |wphe Democrats opposed to Mr. Hamlin to' cut-hint coco Coi vcfition WUHthe detest •'The nomination'-'which it it would be difficult to say what other element there j havea Government which thall be a^minisu;r(;d Inder150do I........b30 <u.i w do... ....V^O ;*, f,do....!. ...'.J. «10 tM !f>do.:.....'.. 1 c ;>fi-/lw Cumb, Coal Co. Pixf... Ii 'M1 fortfl were directed."enneourse *hi':h dominated tl>e deemed an illustration of the catholic spirit.of the by a barter with aspirants for office, having in. view Convention, than by any directlaborn oiytny of lhe dele?- tes." Democracy thatftbe honor was .given to Massachu l.tl'e en oliiment to be derived therefrom by uemlelves'"Ihavo Raid above that the Setts,-which never cast a Democratic electoral vote. • ijand their adherents, what advantage'has been obtpnedfinal g'deciion of tiuooln a<i thecardidat^ was a matter of acci- dent »GrEEJCBY DIDN'T DO IT. "Wedeemitonly,justto '*ThefirrtdiBr.in.jtimpressioi':-'i• W R»|x SI..b30 f.2- »'V- V MHii .'.';]...'.bjl> SJi X bbO friI "J.^BC0^i••p.-i */r; • t j,'00 >\ Y. Centra! 6*...'... f?;t X 500Mich.So.2dMtBd*..4'A ••M.<>,000 do 4*i 100 5,000 do...........f.b30 47J :<t0 5,000 Gal. 4c Chic. 2d Mt. B. 50 K)33 Bank of Commerce 101 1 0 50 Del. it Hud. Canal Co.,lWJ '30 50 <hio.v Bnrl. tc Q'y RR. 72 • 0150Pocif.M.St'sliipCo.bSO90•IO 5^. do *'..-..', 89) .X)0J1BBI.BT DID IT.Mr. Gri«-ley to'award,him th? iu Lhicolli'sfavor was made by ion. What the; one.principle is.which it has always lip 'develop the fata' tendercies already in operaition the gr(U\ mass of the people of t/ie North, irrespective ' full credit fox the main renult of tho tremendous appta.ute. whiuh onfended for has been wisely left undefined, lest, by Innder the Democratic regime. There will be tint3,000 N,c. st«t*?6*But another plan is now presented. The great iv/Htto-nalparty, that modestly proclaims its indissolubleurity and undeviating consistency in the support of'one ire more fur-reaching than is generally" supi sed, andthesameprinciple,isrentbyadifferenceofopin- jevenbyreflectingmen. 1shallnotatpresentat:Jrnptprivate interpretation, it might be perverted to the per- fore the final crisis to review the questions that plexity of many. But the Democracy, in its corpo- m brought to a decision by the popular vote a;reity—that is to >ay, the representative wisdom of itscoming election.iA. Hgency, be imposed upon the party, and tin's expressionw ill be found to be a felicitous utterairanee of what wasO.e. As the President is elected by a —in other words, that I have persons1lly nothing to mon ohservation. ura prejudiced in favor of the defendant, could tellgain or lose by the ascendancy of eith )r of the greatnever carry Illinois parties, other than as the general welfare of the be the diminution of the vote of the great parties, Dem-seem to c >incide with the action of/ffarty, it will be for the sole reason that to that, extent think, have been otherwise if Gen. Houston had been. formeji, and a new volume in their life's history wnominated.' Be would probably have been sustained SIH: 1 ban teen reading for some days past, with policy, looking to the interest-of the entirety of/the centrated very largelyj the vote of the discontented inTo the ilditorh $AcN. Y. Tribune.om the fact that I gave him my votefor the cbamc - of the man, and from g>atitude for part, I think, is now developed which itisttuiportant to fully represent the views of the great mass of.tho partygreat national drama which is now being enacted. One what is called an ava.Uble candidate, who should not vices he has rendered to the State I in observe, via: that the scheme of Southern loliticiaus is of which he is made the'candidate.Tliij Troy blacktmith who made 2^0 sbbos in teA> I as been beaten. James II. Simpson of Pleseis,. cja County, turned out in the short space of eight-3 horse shot's, which were pronounced good. Bon. Asa Whitehead, a distinguished lawyer- the ". doubtfAl Wate*/! that Mr. Seward could not he tation, like the Cincinnati Platform of J8b(i; but there in putting him aside for.tho sako of getting a candidate and c tj :en of Newark, died at his residence on Satur-to coerce the Democratic party into an unconditional' ,There is no necessity that 1 should withhold my own But I was convinced, before the avowal of Southern /views. It is no lo iger to U-. a private opinion. I believe that Mr. Seward would first ballot, y conversations with the Connecticut, c'-ompromise, nor even an enigmatical disguise, nnder have been rhe best representative of the opinions Pennsylvania;! ew-Jersey, and Indiana Delegations, pBibignbna phraseology, admitting of adou do interpre- generally entertained at, tbe North, and there is a riskand incomplete; his election, espe«'ially if the contest nominated, and bat his prospect of an election was must be a full recognition of the right of t ic South to more acceptable to the doubtful States, taut we shmT day e r| ling,- aged 65. be complicated by any division in our own ranks, the support of Slavery in tho Territories, or, in plainer realize tbe old fable of the dog, W1K»dropped the meatwould not present as absolute and unmistakable a test Wry slight, placed in nomination. The delega- terms, to the appropriation of all the territory from he had in his moutlh in order to get hold ot the shadow. of Northern sentiment as that of Mr. Seward." tio^s from < ifh of. these States declared they which new States are to be formed to tho exclusive ad- At the same timi I do not,'admit 'tho/rigfttof Mr,•Catjf.-Gen. Don .Francisco Serrano Dominguez, Count H San Antonio, tbe present Governor-General•r-The Chicago Press and'Tribunc says that a cer- conld not <a ;y their States with Mr. Se fftrd. vantage of the alaveholding interest. [ _. Seward, or of any!other man, to claim an ollice as be- of CubjI'iBthe 105th incumbent of that office. The tain notion of late somewhat disseminated respecting That this attempt was not successful is, n my judg- longing to him by reason , of any desert—on the con-They 'Aict&iii no other candidate, though most of ment, riot attributable to any antagonistic principle trary I hold that the nomination to office should have first (Mrernor-Genoral was Don Diego Vehisquexservers.' Mr. Johnson died in -Maryland a few days the nominations at Chicago is a stupid blunder. W e them h£>d- prfcfijirences, but all united in opposition to based upon a disinterested regard to the welfare of the BOIO reference to public advantage. whose ilministration lasted from 1511 until his death S WW-in 153L'lClay, making the issue in Pennsylvania that the former Uio combination of candidates and their friends whowere jealous of the ascendency of Mr. Seward, I xnen't of) he Cuban Gorernmont was recently aaaa»ii1 Untitled Document'the delegations] from these"f?tates as a question of pol-though working industroualy, without doubt, failed, so icy, and e x p r u w scouted the idea, that defeat with and which afterward elected Mr. Buchanuxj, claiming' ! should still revert to naowiniporUwitconBiderations. In siuatec tiie Cttlle del Prado, Havaiuu Je'iye met%- ' • r~^:., _••.^tjLiv^AvMrf^w ^ ^ ^ v w - ^ ^ ^ - ^ ^ ^ ^ r . W ' f>i, ,M ^•ir!W«i* yr ''' .-''"V'^ ''**-'r':-,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069was the supporter of the tarifl and the lYtftor opposed, were jealous of the ascendency of Mr. Seward, 1jby the country 7 , .. • , ••,,,«i ;; •,f The consequences involved, in the presentW0«W0 . J.00dodo. do..lMr. G l w a s regarded as the best representative of Irishnist^kflg• of our artist*, Landseer aj-i 1 have duriyed from our coin :, -<hateboetry and baintir t5.161^5.153. --\ , Freights—To Liverpool. 3|000 www.fultonhistory.com 