 •Slavery question by recommending to Congress anyKansas-Nebraska bills. He may not preside at tttePresidential dinners with the ease and grace which dis-tinguish the "venerable public functionary," Mr, Bu-chanan; but .he will not create the necessity for a holding .community, had made him illustrious, as a e v e r (the imperative^ duty Of conservative men, of all he got out, of the wagon and told the boy to wait for taken up this work in earnest, aided during the samet•plished this task, Mr. Wilson devoted hiuibelf to reor-ganizing the Benares Sanscrit College, -which hadfallen into decay. In 1821 he returned to Calcutta.The appointment to the Bodcn Professorship of San-scrit in the University of Oxford,.Which was offeredMr. Wilson in 1833, induced him to return to England.He was Librarian to the .East India Company, Visitor joined together by straight lines' which have length ,df all the scrip issued is now in the hands of the people] to the East India College of Addiscomhe, and Presi-' without breadth, and hence are no,t easy to stand upon. Of the Territories, and that three-fifths remain still iui;iiiiiBates in St. Louis, and the general disappointment, the quire no indorsement to convince the people of Penn-)fabrication, designed to put the young man out of the which may be collected und pmd into the treusury for the pur- way JIBa dangerous rival. pohen ol education; to devise and udopt KU.-1I principles rifles and restitutions; in reference to aidiin; ciuididates i.ortue ministry'us they Bblill deem proper and feasible; to receive and disburs«5 - —" The Friends of Human Progress"; are to hold funds raise.d witbm the bounds of the Presbytotiun GtiuichorN.1tify er we we U'iiting? J\la/ we liot reaaoiiably expect I »P-°» audienco in thiu city; complctelv dioguatB it.' thou- number, would tuck action' be valid ? A.wwcr*-. Tlie United'Statee sJoop-of war Crane an-ived utSa^ Untitled DocumentV"Secondly, there was Edward-.Bates of Missouri" North-W st. We regard this nomination as perhaps (cheers) a gentleman of blameless life, of .distinguished the jtroj; [jest one the Republican party could have ability, whose public and private career, in a slave- made. 1 \ this view of the case, it becomes more thaninduced a young brother of the hioy to accompany him larger and wealthier than ours, and which has been in a ride, and, driving some distance from the house, longer engaged in this particular work, last year aided 391 Students; while the New School, which has justv»hxm rs about 180 men, all told. Two years ago, sl« i treat them with decent respect. A V* i.-iosTt K <-r;>cy: between a party which seeks an understanding In Virgini it tak.-s 40,000 in one place to "qual 10,000. —They use strong language in Ohio. The Herald vote in the election of elders; and if ,»o, wui that right Ava^a school ship ano was at that time nnumed hj•chnretta, and Benjamin T . Eamcs of Rhode I s l a n d ^ POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. delegates to the National Republican Convention), we encountered the letter of the Hon. Henry J. Raymond, •ressroxnu'FioxsINST.LOUIS—SPEECH datedAuburn,May22,i860,whereinvanousmatters, politicalandpersonal,aretreatedinthe^el-kjowa„ OF P. P. BLAIR, JR. ^ym^poDdence of The N. Y. Tribon©.ST. LOUIS, May 23,1860. JL KepwbHcan ratification meeting was held in this city Ia*t evening, and, in point of number* and enthu- *ia*m. -was the largest and most spirited political ax- •embiage we havo had for many years. At a reason- .' ' able estimate, there -were eight to ten thousand on the ground, attracted not by the sounds of martial music, but by the interest of the occasion. Frank P . Blair, fr.f was the chief speaker, and was received, na he al- ways is by the masses of the people, with exu^ront manifestations of favor. He alluded in appropriate terms to the common disappointment of Missouri at the failure to nominate their candidate the Hon. bd-A Presbytery may not act without a quorum, but if |fiiVy should, their action would be valid until pro- i, • tiounced invalid by a higher court, before Which it naA < been regularly brodght by appeal or complaint. The* Opinion or decision of an individual member cannot CINCINNATI,May23,I8G0.' fenderKUCTIproce*din-_'void,howevermanifestthenj-fcgnltir.ty<d•)'•'proceedingsmaybe. ...[ . The American Baptist Missionary Union closed its. The Lord's fcupper wa« celebrated in the evening,/^o cut off the words 'Judge Douglas said, September, 179b. He studied medi< me, and in 1805 J. R. Osgood, Indianapolis, Ind.; Cornelius Thomas, Hastings, N. Y.; James Maclay, Chicago, 111.; Charles C. Colgate, .New-v.ard Bates, but avowed a cheer id submission to the* agreed on all hands that the final Lincoln roar, outdid action of the majority. He passed a warm and elo- all the Seward shouting; but.it is equally agreed that— The New-Hampshire Statesman,quent paxegyric on " Honest OW Abe,'' as the man of.' the Seward men raised th'e Jirst shout, ana therebyterday the meetiBgi «o waiuedto"trahTTth¥ .churches to benevolent contribd-i j'jr] U Sen.ii:ary of Aubnri belongs to the Church, while £l -Branch were held a. t|"Twenty-seventh sr:ijBrooklyn, and' weithe tailchallenged}he frieuds of other candidates to favor their owi\ lungs n*opportunities presented themselves.tio'iiK- and thoughi the immediate pecuniary^ return] (the Scu.ii.ary- of New-York is a dose •corjKiration.-.doubt if he ever indulges in any games of chance. He is jarticnlarly cautions about incurring pecuniary oMi- gations for any purpose whatever: and, iu debt, he is never content until the score is discharged. W e pre-sume he owes no man a dollar. He never speculates. The rage for the sudden acquisition of wealth never took hold of him. His gains from his profession have been m*>derute, but sufficient for his purposes. While others have dreamed of gold, he has been in pursuit of knowledge. In all his dealings he has the reputation of being generous but exact, and, above all, religiously honeBt. He would be a bold man who would say that Abraham Lincoln ever wronged any one out of a cent, or ever spent a dollar that he liad not honestly earned.Bis struggles iii early life have made him "careful of money, but his generosity with his own is proverbial. H e is a regular attendant upon religious worship, and though not a communicant, is a pew-holder and liberal supporter of the Presbyterian Church in Springfield, to W-Iiieh JUrs. Lincoln belongs. He is a Scrupulous teller of the truth—too exact in bis notions to suit the atmos-phere of Washington as it now is. His enemies may and revered lor ail the virtues that become ano adorn say that he tells Black-Republican lies; bat no man the man. He has a countenance which bespeaks theever charged that, in a prolersi^ual capacity, or as acitizen deiding with his neighbors, he would depart benignity and beauty of a noble SOUL My eyes were• SEVENTH DAY—AFTERNOON SESSION.PiTTsnt'RGH, May 24, 1860. keepers would have their bttsineea and enter upon ajnever visited with a' virion of a human face in which gentleman ol modest means and simple tastes. A good- more transparent honesty and more benignant kindnesssized house of wood, simply but tastefully furnished. were combined with more of the intellect aud'firmness surrounded by trees and flowers, is his own, and there .which belong to masculine humanity. [Applause.] I.'he supervised -and corrected an edition of Mills's History at some length, lie said objections had been madefrom the Scriptural command. At home he lives like aof India. Professor Wilson's wife was a daughter of against the society of the Synod of New-Y ork and New- cious estimates of a Government omeial, and calumni-he lives, at peace with himself, the idol of his family, and for his honesty, ability, and patriotism, the admira- tion of his countrymen. • « , '.If Mr. Lincoln is elected President he will carry but Dule that is ornamental to the White House. The country must accept bis sincerity, his ability, aud his honesty in the mold in which they are cast" He will not be able to make as polite a bow as Frank Fierce, but he will not commence anew the agitation of thewould trust my case with the honesty'-,and with the in- tellect, with the heart and with the brain of Abraham Lincoln as a iawyer; and I would trust my country's cause in his care, as its chief magistrate, while the wind blows and the water runs."—In his brilliant speech at the ratification meeting in Faneuil Hall on Thursday, last, Mr. John A. Andrew of Boston paid the following tribute to Judge Batesing in harmony with the Assembly's plan as it is. tl.ough compelled so to- do by the inertness of then 1 his Synod is an important part of the Church. Of pre-per defendei s.Covode Committee and 'the disgraceful revelations of Cornelius Wendell. He will Uke to the Presidential chair just the qualities which the coantry now de- mands to save it from impending destruction—abilityheart\ devotee, of conservative, yet thorough, lirm, de- parti rS a id all sections, to combine together for its j ^Iu> 0u1 *n c a t e ^e heard him halloo to drive on quick-cided and true opposition to Slavery. [Applause.'] final overthrow and destructiion." ly-toward him. It, was not long before the signal wasthat no nutfi can question, lirmui-ss that nothing can man—and they were neither few in numbers nor smallif the Synods or other societies could be persuaded that >nFriday for Fort Ripley,Minnesota. They .will t —One f the largest and nost enthusiastic meetings affray. In'explanation of this appearance, he. stated the Assembly's plan would be for the general good of,overbear/honesty,that never has been impeached, and patriotism that never despairs.mVERMONT AT CHICAGO.To the Editor of TheS. Y. Tribune.iu the stature either of their intellect, or.'tbcir influence —desired to present him to the people of the country, as the-standard-hearer of the campaign,-with the idea resting firmly upon their minds, and grounded upon manyysolid "facts and arguments, that. !• would be enabled to collect a large, a very large v<.U: from theever held in that town took place on Wednesday evon- that Day had met and attacked him, attempting to cut the.Church they.would give up their own organiza- Mributed between the• diflerent companies now; him in pieces. In evidence of this, be showed several tions and cooperate, without feeling that they were tjliit post. Lieutenant J. X>. O'Connell, U. S. ARtvl^ of the pv-Lientenant-Governor. Now, 1 wish to Ivetcorded in THK TMT$*M the fact, that tf.eaeOne of the chief speakers reviewed the action of theChicago Convention, and congratulated his German proceedings hereto-day. The exercises were opened; wl en interesting addresses were made by Dr. Nelson,. fellow.citizens upon the incorporationjof the fourteenth at 10 o'clock this! morning, with prayer by Dr. B. £r. Brainerd, and Dr. Wisner.walls tieniblcd beneath grander volumes of huzzasthan wl en last night Boston hailed the names of Lin- S e m e n delegate*expressed the utmost indignation, coln aw: Hamlin. No sketch win' portray the enthusi- ^ u n m i x e d with appropriate contempt,a the. idea asm wj) #> animated the assembled thousands, breaking * ugbuo be imprwJfW Mr. Raymond, that they and out. in Repeated routuls within the Hall, and echoed their colleagm s, after four days ot the most, anxious back bfl'ftbe multitude outside. To those who are con- consultation-four days spent in the very anguish- tending [c.niscientiously for principles the meeting wasStow ol Massachusetts. A Committee on a Place and section ini.'o the admirable exposition of Republican Preacher for the next meeting \Vus appointed. Theprinciplefc adopted oy that body. He gave brief sketches Committee, on Enrollment reported 12 annual and 200EIGHTH DAY—MORNING SESSION.• . prj:T«rir;R.0H, Friday, May 25, 1860. jj iJr Huntington of Auburn opened the'debate thttof doubt and fear-went into ' the Wigwam to haw their opinions howled away from them bvacongregationcfoutsiders—bythat Chi- cago mob," as I heard a prominent New-York delegate term it. So far as the mob power went, my very clear recollection tells mc that the New-Yorkers bjid fifteen hnndrtd tlironts in their service from their own State, and large numbers from Michigan, Wis- consin, and Minnesota, to toy nothing of the resident population of Chicago, one half of whom were elearly interested in Mr. Seward's success. It seems to bemost.gi-jijilying and hope-inspiring, and to those wlioof the lives unii characters of tho Republican candi-dates, pronouncing them entirely won.hy of acceptance mittees, on different sections of the annual report werej wvrki'gs, especially in reference to the. TheologicalPorbaps this is a small mutter. Perhaps Mr. Ray- part 4 [upe meeting were some of our most honoredmond's insinuation that four hundred and sixty-six del- citizeUJi why have hitherto kept, aloof from the Re State,tostrengthenthecauseoffreelabor,and-hastenegates,representingsomemillions-ofconstituents,puldilInparty,butwhomliloveofcountry-buscalled jn|'o action, .and who' lind that the" oilly truly the downfall of Slavery here; that, although outsiders went into lie Wigwam to have their deliberate convic- again olsis'tent, well-delined, political organization,had no right to interfere with Slavery in tins Sta'e, yet tions blown to the w^nds On the breath .of a difference live liepublican party. We welcome these men intodeclared" that he hoj ~iaudiences, drawn -.. lecheswererarelyifeverdeliveredhere.Bothfavorolagents. Jrecied.andtheHeviewsaid,tohaveno.connectidm V-•^deyetitm,ofcurios-jr*no one would question the right of her own citizens to is n.<* wage war against it, and it was a contest never to be between'the Lincoln and Seward shouts, is not calcu-ij-.e .Sen.inaiy, and liop'.-n it might ever prosper; but Uve ben.iuiry should not be regarded aa the especial i|<iiiiiaiy or the New-School Church. He was de-ended until the curse of Slavery MI as removed fromthe State. He noticed the fact that the Pro-Slavery degree. 1 will only add a remark made hy Mr. Claftin. power of the Slate had disfranchised half of the citi- in ibis connection, which was unanimously assented tozens of St. Louis, by so districting the State that two by the other delegates in our company, to wit; that m votes in the city were only equal to one in the interior '"the resn't would have been the same if the Conven-counties; but be thanked God, freedom of speech was tion had been held in Fori land or San Francisco." yet left and preserved; and, though in ol<her Slave AN OUTSIDER WHO SAW IT ALL. States ihe gibbet or the chain awaited those who dared Albany, May 2(1, lWO.to s-peak of the blessings of Freedom, there was no • —In a speech at a Republican ratification meeting at fetter for the tongues or freemen here.Thiswascertainlyanunn>uidtoneandsentimentto HarrisbuTg,onFriday evening, SenatorCameron, be heard in a Slave State, but it met a hearty welcome while declaring that he had hoped for the nomination—A large and enthusiastic meeting of Republicans was b :|d at ilavcrhiJ, Mass., on Thursday.evening, to ratify die nomination <>f Lincoln and.Hamlin. Numer- ous iiiflresees wore made, a band qf music was in atu-nlitnee, and every one was in the highest spirits. A cor espondt.nt writes:lated to impress the public mind in any considorabUf our rjiand approval from the thousands who surrounded him. of Mr. Seward, described"Mr.. Lincoln «'is '"a candi-H r . Biair is a bold and fearless man, and has the.calm date less known in public life, perhaps, but who, on all publican ticket, if not needed, as an agreeable.pastime' ter will be known in a few days.THE' OREGONself-reliance which inspires confidence and respect, and indicates the formidable leader of a party.A squad of Douglas men attempted some interrup-occasions, when demands have been made upon hiszeal and patriotism, has home himself bravely and hon-totlnfeWho have for a long time refrained from the cxer fee of the right of suffrage. The conservative and the ' (Quakers' will be brought out this year, sure."—Of Mr. Lincoln's New-York address, The Toledo Blade- eays:" 'We publish to-day the first half of the great speechbv the payment of $100, should be .continued; orwhether the churches contributing to missions shouldSijSiK: The Oregon .and Wauhington war debt baa beenccasionally alluded to in your columns, but no notitjoi tions and occassioually questioned ihe.-peaker, but tuey orably. In regard to the great interests, of Pennsyl-employing for the accomplishment of these ends the basest means."—Mr. Andrew ofBoston,whowcntto Springfield 111., in his capacity of Chairman of the.Massachusetts dele- gation to Chicago, ^hns describes the impression pro- duced on him by Mr. Lincoln:i necessity, he turned his attention to the preparation ofsuch a work. It appeared in 1819, and met with ahearty reception from scholars.' After having accom- Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune, j '•" At. JSpeingfield we saw him, a\jd all there was ofhim [laughter]; and it was no dimcult matter for anyman to catch a right of that honest and intellectual there ears and years. We promise a hearty sup-tereeted in this subject, and there is considerable di-j lilt is alleged, in objection to payment, that the so-ir* is;in the hands of speculators. That, is, that the value]face; for he stood, like Saul among his veterans, head and shoulders above every man. [Cheers.] I tell you, fellow-citizens, that a man-six feet and four inches high, is to he found seldom anywhere off of a prairie. It is a way they have of looking up and peeking over, for thev are always aspiring to look beyond the hori- zon. l)o you ask what sort'of a man is Abrtiam Lin- coln? I suppose no man here asks that question who has read his speeches—one .of the leading men of theWest—as a couneelQr. and barrister standing firstSome of the nice1 points have been discovered and jiy, The undersigned, however, know from personal know ledge, and are prepared to prove, that four-fifthaamong alibis peeii—as a citizen, admired and loveeon this point, and all the Presbyteries take hold of it, the Education Society in Philadelphia would come into it also.tary law, ana that tbey have already waited four yeara for payment, their case does indeed teem a hard onoJ Tlie injustice is aggi.avatx'd by the fact, that after aj cjjniniitgj.on appointed by Government has visited their!Siu: In.hi&lettcr from Auburn, which appeared in son rages of il c people in the Slaveholding -'States, andbeen the slightest apprehension on the part of their state-mar, that wonderful old man, the Richelieu ofconstilutents that they could do otherwise, was the first the Administration of General' Jackson—Francis B. meeting a St. Louis, Frank Blair drew the followingTho Secretary called the attention of the members to' to convene at Washington to examine and report np<The Times of yesterday, the Hon. Henry J. Raymond, among many other very foolish things in reference to the causes which led to the defeat of Gov. Seward at Chicago, wiys:madcL inj lading one from the Hon. Simeon Browii, mutual com hat, and showed what purported to be let-ceijtaiu improvement^ recently made in Colt's wvoJ ing lii-eaims. The Hoard will'consist oi the followijofflcrs:Citp'ains Maznadies and Davison.even be able to carry the Electoral College of Missoui i. Edward Bates \\as the candidate of those whose first idea, in this campaign, was to intensify the nationalism of the Republican p»rty. [Cheers.] And, gentlemen, he leceived the hearty-and able support of Mr. Greeley " Vermont, whose delegates would have been of THK TKIBUXK. fFresh cheers.] Aud his support- peremptorily instructed to vote for Seward, if there had ers were led by that most powerful and most, sagaciousthe duties of the permanent Committee, as laid down in the plan; which are as follow:meet him on the spot where the supposed 'affray hadii;gs, but it will give a larger vale for the Republican taken place. Day was arrested; but it was not difficult tend tin- wbohi i-uuse of education in behalf of the Assembly; topictu e of )the political effect of Slavery:quoted, Mr. Raymond betrays a total ignorance of ." The intrigues of interested parties, the plots of des- is- the nit nber of Keprestmtatives you send to the public sentiment in Vermont on this subject. Although perate political gamblers, even the hopes and aspira- State Le islature. The population "of the City and Gov. Seward has no warmer friends anywhere than in tions oj other wise and good and true men, did not pre- County of JSt. Louis entitles her to twenty-four liepre-Vermont, jet there has for a lung time beeu a strong vent him from receiving a larger-vote than any other scntautjvcH while tho number, under the Constitution{e'w-Mexico to Texas, and will commence their line i ma[-ch toithwith: Comptiuies 1), II, F, J, and K.. Hold and 3d Infantry. Companies F, G, H, and {to catch the contagious impulse; and throughout the Blair of .Maryland. [Cheers.]" second ballot the efforts ol otUer State* to resist the(< r'Jjlhe f i-st and most palpable result is that the slave-their ninth annual meeting at Waterloo, Seneca Coun- ty, N. Y., bn the 1st, 2d, and 3d of June.elst'wlu re, und, when so directed by the donor*, to invest funds lor the purposes, of' ministerial education; to t«ko the generul oversight «1 such beneficiailes as receive ansixluj.ee diiectiy frr»mOf|hc 1st Cavajry, left Fort Riley, K. T., on the lot 1cunent which deluged the Convention from without, were but partially successful.,"— The Louisville Courier is now confident that Mr.Guthrie will be nominated at Baltimore. In fact he and ;ire very day. attempting to disfranchise them.OW1K rs hit e the non-slaveholders [Cries of' That's so'), I simply wish to say that in the sentence above ought to ha-ve been nominated at Charleston: Look at ,'our own great City of St. Louis. What—The Rev. S. P. Bucklin' died in Marlboro, Mass., the treasury; ot the Committee; to make a full annual report of iilltba . has been done .so far us they can learn, thrOTjobout the on Friday morning, at the age of 76. He had preached ( huix-h m b»hulJ of education for the miuistry ; in a word to do to the game congregation for nearly 52 years. Among all that is pioper.aml necessary to tho development of »n educu- some of the other long pastorates of Massachusetts are tioiiul npiutaud activity throughout the Church, and the success- b n .v01lV !° lhi« great and important -cause of Christian those of Dr. Lowell of Boston, 5.4 years; the Rev. 4 It shall be the duty of the Seoretar>- of Education to visit, «Binst, , under the command of .Major Sedgwick, V. S. X U> strengthen the Pawnee Fork garrison, Arkansa Cbai{anies K and K, St!i Infantry, havo been desh natvd to form the infantry garrison at Fort Butler.A w York, M&y 23, lWhTHA T CHICAGO MOIL .To theEditor of The N. X- Tribune.'' .$• Times, ti Democratic journal of Toledo, Ohio, in aburing a Republican meeting held thoro, says that»Hbtigo'of the Chun-h i« the law; if dissatisfaction is felt,SIR: Passing over the Great Western Railway of Canada, on Friday Umt, en route from Chicago tothief who hasbeen quartered upon the State, at theOf .the enthusiastic ratification meeting at Boston, Boston, in the entertaining company of Ensign II. on Thurfeday evening, The Atlas and BcemyBiCanal Weighmaster's office; ) , as is ever, his wont, wJBLeilogg, Lemuel Hooper, and' Wm. Claliin, of Massu-.Xl^-*'-"'H. Maya Prosbyterj not having a quorum proceed" It was the lU-jji meeting in Ncw-Jiugland to ratify im ber» into their body, and sit iii judgment on one of brunches of heavy and light artillery,is but twelve. Why is this? why is it or.e exception,-and but for the adjournment to Balti- that it tuk I'S tWO' Wv,hite men in this county to equal onejThe .Japanese war steamer CandinnuirniD. has beethoroughly overhauled at the San Francisco NavXfcelmg prevalent that it would be Unwise to press Lis candidate.before the Convention at Charleston, with Of MSssoii raominanon at Chicago, for the simple reason that itwould be uunojx. 'ihe delegates from that State went more, his nomination would have long since sealed the wl.iuAbraham Gashee of Dighton, 57 years; the Rev. Joseph Richardson of Ilingham, 55 years.—A request is made to all who may have, been inti-t , TM b,''i U,° Vy "ud8< a n d ^»e*byteries. und Churches! 1/ate of sectionalism and gladdened the hearts of the friends of the Constitution in all parts of the country."Slatenot, vi( o lcp.s and .Vn.uumes vvU-re young .me,,, aided by tho peruwlieBit comniitlce, ure puMuinv their smdies.for the purpose of nniji-ah, by the citizens of San Fnuuisco, previoust eh , »'i.l'Vi e.uc.°"r»K' >»ei,t, and of pieseutiig to yom g men tho—The i;liii>7>ic drs VolIces, a radical Gertnan journal Shivtll-'Stu ee, where the slave oligarchy is strongeracquaintance or by correspondence, to furnish such items of intelligence, especially letters written by him, as may be-wuitable or interesting to enter into liis hi >o-. rapliy, which.is now being prepared. Those who havoChurches, and collect ftmds us'diieuted by the Assembly's Com, nnttee .and 10 make u quarterly lenort, in writing, of' his Uborx to the said (.omiuutee. l«56.the,.f h inst., for Yeddo, via Honolulu. The Candid niurinl. is a very pretty little ship, bark-rigged and nopublished at Chicago, accepts, though it does not ap- prove, the Republican National ticket. W e quote:than we hive permitted it n> become here, it is even worsl.l li i the City of Baltimore, a city that contaiiiH' om-lijjilf o vffhe entire while population of Maryland,The plan was.original rted in 18.)G, adopted in 1857,moKvibamBOO tun* burden.wajfer, andjs 250 horse power.siwtjjof eight btass guns all cast in Japan. Her cronto aid in keeping in longer possession of the same, the corrupt and rotten Democracy."ful in their remarks, except the mutton-headed Jieepaltering their mode of procedure. 1fence female mem- bers have the right where the Church agrees to it, and that right may he taken away bv agreement.wer»|se'nt out expressly for that purpose by tho Dut|-h' Government. There was also a section of Dut|h artillerymen stationed in the Japanese forts at/jimwm. .,m mmm ufMt MMm^ NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1860i .! !I•Ithe nonligations made at Chicago, and it was thegrea*e»tcarapaighas that tdd Hall been marked «»y"agrander assemblagethat the example of Mexico will he followed, nnd that the enslaving of white men will be retorted to 7"-— In SynicusCiOn Thursday evening, tho German Republicans held a Lincoln meeting, which was veryANNIVERSARIES. SECOND DAYr3Praacisco on the 5t| ^•^as^rderedto San l-'i| v"'80iB^;repairsdonebii.;-;5!hecourt-maniniStates Kavyl, commeni i ton l^avy Yard. Tf'injjOfficers:-. C*pt. S-lj • Court'., Capts. SainJief -Jamee L. Gardner, \V ,^Tohn|j8. Misriroon, i"Wbsiow, all of theTHE FRIENlA th e last, but hot ••'•^anniversaries—the i-'tbis.wcek. Tlieprelifii /tba'i-is to sAy, of thTM •ofMiiastors and EMofitscitizens,orhaveitsarchesechoedtonoblerwords,<i)patriotiflmandeloquence. Neverhaveits largelyattended. Thegreatestenthusiasmprevailed.sptcuTiji Id upon the probAbiliLtcs of success, it must, 5> '.ruinousinthelushestdegreasrepresentativemen.andasexponentsofthegreatpriiui|'lesf«'r the success of which the Germans arenow prepared to give their best exertions. He alsorenin did his hearers of the difference in the treatmentof German electors by the two great parties; with toe in o'fyB, nntriotic and enthusiastic audience, -than Democrats, their only use is in the voting capacity;alls to overflowing last evening. Tne cn- with the Republicans, they are called into council, mid thusi>itin||that was kindled, will spread throughouttho c<> iiitry, and bear Lincoln and Hamlin in tri- awarded the, position due them. •uniph|i b'l the goal. It would he impossible to describe the <•)'fctjrical sympathy that, existed heVween the Bpenktraand[the audience, and the " irreijrcaailil^" en- thusijiiWi of the multitude. Among those who tookha\ e lij peaud aiupict rec. -imBoston Dnily Advertiser says of the samenicetimt:GMivOUfily has the campaign opened'! Faneuilpresented, none of which were important. The reportRail rf< h$>r rocked under the feet of a larser, a more:ks, to share with us the labors of the cam- paign n'id the glory of the victory."— Wte. Rev-Orleans Bee says of the Republican Fthe Hon. Abraham Lincoln,-delivered in New-York be allowed to elect annual members who should control as been taken of the statements made by the Pacific : ofnem nations: last-Winter. It is mainly a vindication ol the Repub- the mit-sion funds. j • delegation before the Military Committee. A euirory- " me predicted long ago the defeat of'Seward in the lican doctrines on the subject of Shivery, and as such •The committee to whom the subject was referred, r,eruH>-l of those statements (herewith) would show'theChi go Convention. W e saw that he was opposed is the most .complete and successful effort ever made, reported early in the afternoon,; proposing a sort ofmeeting as a demonstration for the Republican/ticket sylvania that their interests will be perfectly secure in bv tf.' |jo redoubtable antagonists—first, the conservative and one to which every liepublican can proudly point, compromise measure, providing for the election of life >i;juhti<e which is being done to semp holders by HOJonginvariably got a '* Bolanu for an Oliver," and soon vania, the subject of projection to labor, his record istired of itVOn the whole, considering the popularity of Mr. clear, emphatic, and beyond suspicion. He will re-w a s highly successful, and I should not wonder if the his Lands. Himself a laborer in early life, he hasname of Lincoln should prove a tower of strength to s rnggled -with advem'y until he has reached die orouo the Republican party through the State. Of one thingyou may be sure, the political tempest of 1840 was tame position he now occupies, by the single aid.of a str.-ngand insipid in comparison with that which will sweep purpose, seconded by an unyielding will; and it iijj not over the North-Western States this Fall. Mr. Lincoln in the hearts of Pennsylvanians to doubt such a man.efen out B of his party; and next, the. power and influ- as at the same' time an exposition of his candidate's members by the payment of $Iu0, :as at present. Also, •withholdii'g payment of a juht debt, incurred for de- enc< [if the W«:st. The former combatted his chums principles and a demonstration of his ability as a states- allowing any one to constitute himself an annual mem- fejite of a aistant territory against the iucarsion of7Bthe people's man, and he is the representative, not so much of a policial paity, or of abstract political princi- ples, as he is of the great, heart of the people, and thegreat heart of the people beats responsive to his own. LINCOLN AS HE IS.doub j'ul States. The two influences combined provedsuMtent to eiiect his overthrow. But the ChicagoCoiif jtjntion did not complete its work when it eliraiu-tited Sluwjird. The-snbsequetit nomination of Lincolnthey are securing their own interests, let them elevate was; master stroke of political craft. Mr. Lincoln coln, including eight or ten which supported FillmoreFrom The-Chicago Pres* and Tribune.Ito the highest place iu their election gift^Abraham Lin- coln, a workingman like themselves."beloiiys to the moderate wing of the Republicans. He was! E rmerly a Whig member of Congress, and thenTen thousand inquiries will be made as to the looks, tile babil3, tastes, and other characteristics of Honest OldAbe.Weanticipateafewofthem.Mr. Lincoln stands six feet four inches high in hisB ightly tinctured with Anti-Slavery notions. —Under the title of "Destroy his Fangs," Thi Out p dissolution of the Whig party, he joined theaid having employed about a year in the investigation, nlf.de tlnrii- report-. Tin y had carefully examined into' rnighty'mctropolis: a v[• tongue and people tluout : -of our inhabitants knonof the Quakers,'and "?;• I isbed in minihers -ei:i'have l>een speaking i.* make even a momei.tan itiafsee of humanity a! -•Nor ia the change; altoFriends therm-elves no tenacit" to those peciof demeanor which <K eharacter in*the eyes <t h e m e m b e r s i n th<-'i wont to speak of a.- I could not be thrown d-.-wi the inroads of a world U ' wither and destroy th»: - lneu. The 'strict surve overseers once maintah.e Ix.-enmuchrelaxed. .^i.injfioroe even of those <-x r"no longer regard it as an „ assume the" traditional b ioug, beards, and eveni Been in alarming proiim •'synagogue, and the surv were brought up in stri< -order,! and whom the pre ammediatelv reached, h.x^annual gatherings,- a- it some traces of the weL-p of their youth.We'suppose there arc tV- not at some time'atter<ie"<•have ;not an idea more and general pohty of the s few lemarks upon' th>--e..interest.The Society of Friendstheir origin in the p.-::o .activity which ensued hi estant; Reformation. J)> Pope, of Episcopacy, ot tl -order,; and proclaiming• afaith the doctrine that <. •» ', his w-}ll directly to «-\ -t[i -Beemsto.be tlie PriKesUirt ...iveloproent. Macaulay fo:: ?• •abused the office oft he hic-t*. acter-of the early Qua!.': r. and sarcasm; some of ti er ion ofjmankind has h«'-;; .sbenefactors, he ha- .-' _ most persistent misfepr t- known, notwithstai'di: i j! -and remorseless assailant. anywhere of fidelity u long-sulleringheroism, c- ti tian forgiveness of inj" r the anhals'of tins p.-acr.-,' •!The proselyting spirit -v -./si'ssed,; in common wit:; ;.ministers forth it.to ev<.;;-' American continent^. U-> a; home of numbers- of ii.« ; They continued .for more i with much rapidity. Ti . > ^ional martyrdom which 1. of the Puritans of Xew-i.i it is not so well known ::.. in the early history of h :: apprehend that mo^t ol «-••surprise that the now tu; nina was as long ago as i a Quaker Governor,, J^ h:ernor. Deputy- Governor,'! Rhode lsl.-Mid were'chos« i first yearly nueting e»tabj|. Kew-Knghiud, founded, ;;,- Burlington, since iransn-.:. in 1681. The vhit and l; i'j ica, in 1072, contributed-_gj i gether of the ntemhi i> : throughout the country, j rcgnlarly-et-til'li.-hcd u.v-^ u.tlie nineteenth century ti_-- : ycaily fine tings on the v ii:ing« am entirety inde, c-i jnaintaiiiitig the m<>>i fuei "each is Supreme within Cy tion, and has full contt'o! , 4Uid monthly mceiii'igs vl j yeaily meeting is held f« ;portsfr^mthesennvii'•.•.••• .and of making such eluu, Ihi the church discip HUA;. 'hxte tribunal known to :h.t oceupicd with hearing awho deem themselves ug ilochl monthly meet'ui.u^.. 'other business meetings '•;; .-members OXthe Society./ The men and wonic;-; meetings, each having j" jind in fact being iiiuV.fithat the discipline can:: •united action.•,VJ.*-JNO more perfect exenipt shanocracy is to be founditoeeting of the Friend-stockings. His frame is not muscular, but gaunt and gan, thus discourses:spict !>us oy the zeal and ability he displayed in the can- lias added materially to its own prospects of success." Dr. Bright (JM. Y.) offered a compromise measure, j This report was examined by the Secrewiy, who, inThe laboring men of this aluie ever cont ol the ballot- box when they arise.in the majesty of their strength. Let them go to fJbe election next Autumn, ind, while— E v e r yin 1856.—In a leader on the Chicago nominations,^led by the Territorial Governments "luring the Indian I war in Oregon and Washington, and authorize him ft> sepd a commh-sion to the neat of the war and ascertaini» newr brisk. He steps slowly and deliberately, ion that man is Horace Gre«:ley"of PHE NKW-YORK triun phtd, he had confessedly in Lincoln afoemanalmost always with, his head inclined forward and his TRIBUNE. His base, ungrateful desertioii of Mr. Sew- wort liy of his steel, and ever since that memorablehajras clasped behind his back. In mattery of dress, he anl and his friends—bis mean and contemptible resorts, strtigMe the Republican sheets of the West and Nortb-campaign. A large' meeting was held on Friday even- Baptist Churches in good standing, who are to have ing to hear the report of the c >mmittee on theproposed the right, to vote only .-o long as they continue to con-oy no means precise. Always cjean, he is never before and at tlie Chicago Convention, to defeat theWigwam. A miniature model of one was brought for-ward by Mr. J.-W. Hill, hexagonal, and with circularroof, to be buitt in true Western style, which was 'Ihe following officers were elected:nomination of Mr. Seward and his friends, deserves ner he is remarkably cordial, and, at the same time, the execration of every true Republican who regardssiuiple. His politeness is always sincere, but never honor and gratitude as virtues, and dishonor and in-elaborate and oppressive. A warm shake of the hand gratituoe as base and contemptible. His fangs and and a warmer smile of recognition are his methods of power for evil should be destroyed, and wc hope everygreeting bis friends. At rest, bis features, though those Republican will help do it. Cut him oil*! "Report presented their reports, which were adopted. President, the lion. George N^ Brif.'g«; Vic<j-Pr«Hidentn, thoHon. ha Harris.JN. Y., and the Hon.'J. |W. Ewart, Ohio; Corjro- Bpoiiding Secretary, Ol S. Stearns, Mann. _ 'MAKAGKK8 FOR THKKB YKAKK.ers of scrip have in vain solicited the payment of their elainih adjudicated upon and confirmed by the Govern- ment "Ccmmitsion.'Two years after the report of the Commission, & resolution passes the House referring these claims fot a<ijustv>ent to the Third Auditor. /|nother year pji:ss;es, and in 18G0 we have the report of this official}, lite gees beyond the question referred to hiiii, enters ii]:oii the causes of the war, makes a clean sweep Of the 'investigatiotis of .the Commission, and takes upoa bin.self, iu his office at Washington, to reduce the* pi ic s ot beef, sugar, hope-feed, and horsey and evervj- thing else tor which tlie scrip was issued during the war, and si aves down the amount ol* scrip in some inj- bUuices iwo-tbirds.| ;\\ l!»-n it is remembered that the Third Auditor never visited the Territories, and tftat the Commission, whos® jn-dgment he reviews, spent a year oir the spot when !the war was carried on, and patiently investigated every account, it would seem extraordinary that anyattention should be paid to his report.i[ Unfortunately an active influence has been used to>fashionable; he is careless but not slovenly. In man-of a man of mark, are not such as belong to a hand- tome man; but when his line dark gray eyes art: lighted up by any emotion, and his features begin their play,.he would be chosen from among a crowd as one who had in him not oidy the kindly sentiments which -women love, but the heavier metal of which full-grown— The Missouri Democrat, t h e ablest and most de- voted advocate of the nomination of Judge. Bates at Chicago, comes manfully up to the support of Lincoln and Hamlin. It eays:f . Unon this The Palladiumhum thus clearlyPERSONAL.—The death of Horace Hayman Wilson, M. A., F Lawmen.—N. P . Mann, Boston,: Mass.; Hon. T. W . Newman," W e confess that we were not so purely unselfish men and Presidents are made. His hair is black, and, as to rejoice at our own defeat in the person of. Judgetutior speakthough thin, is wiry. His head sits well on bis shoul-ders, but beyond that it defies description. It nearer lor every daw to peck at, we .keep our feelings to our- resembles that of Clay than Webster; but it is unlike selvts. But our great desire now ia» the election of either. It is very large and. phrenologicnily', well Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin, a<id our great proportioned, betokening power in all its developments. duty to labor for their election. * * * * We.areA Hiightly Roman nose, a wide-cut mouth, ana a dark identified with a united and powerful party, whose complex ion,- with the appearance of having bven plat form is a declaration of the noblest political princi- weaihw-ln-aten, complete the description. ples ever enunciated, whose lofty standard is embla-In his personal habits, Mr. Lincoln is as simple as a zoned with the glorious -mottoes, Freedom, Union, child. He loves a good dinner, and eats with the ap- Suites Rights. Tne- enemy, on the contrary, are di-petite which goes with a great brain: but his food is vided, discordant, and belligerent. The irrepressible Slain and nutritions. lie never drinks intoxicating conflict rages iu their ranks. Demoralized and an-qnors of any sort, nOt even a glass of wine. He is archical as they are, their overthrow is inevitable. In not addicted^ to tobacco ui any of its shapes. He a few months the world thall cease to witness thenever was accused of a liowwtiona act in all his life. He strange spectacle of the best form of government that never uses profane langua^. He never gambles; we has ever existed, prostituted to tho basest ends, andBates; but as we do not carry oar hearts iu our sleeveswas coni, eded, we believe, on all sides, that Lincoln (bndnctej the canvass with distinguished ability, and that no o her man iii the Stale was so capable as him-man of French extraction, hired by the lady's father as Our Synod has tlie young men under its care, "and they need assistance; the Churches can easily understanda farm hand. . In order to put-bis rival out of the way, this and are willing to help them,while thev care very and some of his supporters in the Coicago Convention: self M e lcduntering the intellectual 'giant' of the Gebo bethought himself of a singular expedient. Lie little about a plan. The. Old School Church, which isThere were those who, in admiration of the circum-. — The Chicago Journal says: " We have Mr. Iin- given, and on reaching Gebo he found his clothingtorn made to work well.stances of his career, the services and talents of the. coin', aut lority for saying that his name is Abraham." and his arm bleeding, as if he had been engaged in an A member from Michigan said that he supposed that'i ,j. i *V .detachment of recruits left- Jefferson Barrackpublished Concord, says that both Lincoln and Hamlin have ad-bew ||e his candidature would frighten oil'all who man. Let any man calmly and deliberately read this ber by paying not less than %1, and any chuivh to elect wei not fully committed to the ultra d ictrines of the speech, and then say, if he can, either that the Repub- one such member for every $100, contributed. AnyrvagCH.. . .X>\ the 18tb of August, 1856, Congress directed. thoSecretary of War to examine into the expense incur-part j| The *Ia«ter'. considered that he was decidedly licans are wrong in their political faith and policy, or wefJ] iin the West, and could not carry any of the that Abraham Lincoln is not fitted to administer theindividual, church, or local association, supplying the fHnds for the support of a missionary or missionaries. to also have one annual membership for each $100 paid during ihe year. These amendments-to' lie over to another year for action upon them!After a discussion, conducted in utter disregard of parliamentary usage, the report was adopted, and the whole subject thrown over to the pext annual meeting.Great amusement was created during the debate bythe irregularity of the discussion, and by the* persist-ence ol one member"" in speaking put of order m spite of.repeatedcallstoorder.Goodhumorwasmain-!piecesandchumsandn-jectedallH<-;-i[>.whichgecmed tained, however, so that ao bones were broken. • tojtheni in any degree over-charged or illegally issued.butBeesays that' ' i nthus acting,BlackRepublicanismDetroitDailyTribune,aRepublicanjournalofMichi- rani!VpftheRepublicans,andtookaprominentposition has.evincedbaseingiatitude,butcraftyandprudent iri-tMtilparty.. He rendered himself particularly con- policy. It has treated its founder most vilely, but itvatti ast year for United States Senator from Illinois, which he gave notice that he would call up another tionedtto his body. In walking, his' gait though "tirm and thus gave him. position and influence, in our opin- addi!< pking the people alternately. Although Douglas Brooklyn are wide awake, preparing'for a vigorous stituted by the payment of $100 b'Vj members of regular1 his report of 1857, relerred to" it in terms of just coin- , mendalion. Ii T i e faiih of the Government is surely pledged to th ) ra)'nient of the war exj enses in accordance with the. rl-port of the Commission appointed by the Govern- ii'iuit itself. It is not pretended that the Commisiopwiry; his arms are long, bat not unreasonably so for a " If ever any man deserved the condemnation and|>er8t>nof his bight; his lower lirnbs are not dispropor- abandonment of thoBe who nourished him into life, whea Hie and Douglas traveled throughout the State, —The Republicans of the Seventeenth Ward of year. This provides for honorary members to be con-r]hjuve placed Lincoln on the list of aspirautsfor 'licago nomitiatitm. He is a man of agreeable . s, a ready and forcible speaker, self-made and ght, and'pejsonally popular among the hardy[the West."—p'/,l' Netc-Haven Register, in common with otherDeni< criitic papers, gives circulation to the infamous mutilation and misrepresentation by which Mr. Lin- coln iiujiade to say that he meant to "throw missiles into lie itucky, to disturb them in their domestic in^ti-tribute-to the funds of the Union. \ >The various Committees on portions of the Annual was incoinpeteiit or fraudulent, vet the unhappy hold-Government-the principles of which he so ably ex- plains.";Oppositionpaperhi Indianasupportsadopted, and the building conttacted! to be built. A committee was cboj-en, consisting of J. W. Stearns, E. O. Taft and D. McDonald, to make arrangements about organizing a Wide Awake Club.Minixters.—Rp.v. Gfclorge W . E»ton, D. D.. Hamilton,Rev. S. W. Adan;e, i). li, Cleveland, Ohio; Rev. W. \V. Everts, D. D., Chicago, 111.: Rev. R. Jett'ery, Philadelphia, Pa.; Rev. J. W . Sarlcu, Brooklyn..N. Y. ;Rcv. A. P/[Mason, Boston, Mass.; R e v . W m . R. RolliiiKon. Elizabethpprt. N. J.; Rev. O. b. Stearns. Newton, Moss.; Rev. A. .Pallurd, Taquton, Mass.; Rev. Wm. C. Richards Providence, R. 1.; Rev. J. Storer, Concord, N. 11.Iowa: Hon. Alanson AUrii, Fair, Haven!, Vt.; Byron Oieeuou^h, p has been guilty of the contemptible rascality R. S., Professor of Sanscrit in the University of Ox- Portland, Maine; E. Barnea, 'Dayton, jOhio:'Hon. George W.of .ir|i rilg the garbled.quotations found in Thc'Rcgis- ford, is just announced. He was bo-h in London, in PreNCott, Minnesota;Hon. J. H. Dunlayy, Lebanon, Oluo-.Thos. ter of st night? Who was mean enough and b.ise Corii.t-11, Rondnut, N. Y .: Thomas A. Tayloi, Philadelphia, Pa.;enou| iUutq le ving what Douglas said to stand as Mr. Lin- coin's owal ? Who did it.?-- Did you,' Messrs. Edi- tors f Thc Register ? Because, if you did, you are simi • / arx ! If you do not deserve that name, you Will fctinct what you have said, and publish the entire quoti tin i from Mr. Lincoln's speech. W e demand \i of y.< i-ih honest men!"—M -c ^-respondent. in ' Montgomery County, Pa., w r i t e 3 t l os:" T N tmee of Lincoln and Hamlin met with' thewarn reception in this vicinity. Lincoln's Whig pro-clivil. est adear him to.the hearts of many who cherishand e fjpcosii«se the principles so eloquently and forcibly•pjd|ll by their idol, Harry Clay. Cameron could expoldjm ncjl'ev nt have received the support that will be given Liijcoln. Hamlin we have seen and heard. I i-emei (ihe hearing a member of the bar at Pottsville, in Schu; lkil County, say that Mr. Hamlin's speech there durin k.tlij i last Presidential campaign, was decidedly the. n bst flloqucnt.and logical that had been deliveredpas-sed as a member of the College o:: Surgeons, soon York City; Geoiqe W . Chipinan, Boston, Mass.afterward receiving an appointment to an office in the The Committee on Place and Preacher reported Calcutta Mint. While on his voyage Newark, N. J., as the: place of the next annual meet-induced him to commence the study of the Sanscrit. At every turn he found himself crippled by the want of a good Sanscrit English Dictionary; j and as the most satisfactory and speedy way of supplying hisfinally adjourned.he-volunteers should have entered upon a successful. cjanpaign. while they decided to remain in Winteruarteis.To this influence we must, attribute the erroneous Cpinions which have been entertained hi regard to tlie Indian war.port 0 tl i; ticket, and Montgomery County will show a v.-fe 1 fill •d list of voters who deposited their votes.for Linc<iln a id Hamlin."V. O. Crescent says of the Chicago nomi- frhnenlatform adopted bytheRepublican'Cortven-t'on X C; icago was, comparatively, so moderate in its chan Cite*-that we predicted the defeat of Seward as the i Unii ee, and the selection of sonic one less radical in hi l n<jlions, like Bates, Cameron, or Lincoln. The hainc tit:':ihci-of The. Crescent.. which co.ntaiif.ed our jVred ctioi recorded also its verification, and .announced that he <onveritioh had chosen as the standard-hearer1 p] rty the Hon. Abraham Lincoln of Illin *>(th: )fIllinois.I,'jinc iln ill chiefly known to the country by l/is purtici-liitioj), h' the great contest in Illinois two years ago, 1 ;wheifin ;e and Douglas were coinp-5tit0i'8 for a seat inthe I nite .1States Senate. It will be recollected thatan active, canvass of the whole State was made by thetwo and dates, both of them speaking at every prom-menu poi t, and'tackling'each other upon the stumpufterjfthe ashion that prevails in the South. When theunokle of the battle cleared off, if was found that Doug of two persons—one a young man named Day, son of Synodical Committee is doing a great and good work-. las v IS S iccesslul, though by but tf slim majority. Ituatiotps:ct rdent of the Royal Arabic Society. The scholars on thecontinent displayed their appreciation of his eminentservices by electing him a member of tho Imperial In-stitute of France, and of the-imperial and . RoyalAcademies of St. Petersburg, Vienna, Munich, andBerlin. Beside writing miscellaneous works, illustra-ting the mythology, history, and traditions of the- East,the hands of original holders. 'Lin-TJicN.O.and report all expenbc-H incurred.I'A proper ebmmistibn proceeded to the Territories,Now all this ii ck'.- vincial town, increasi.' Tl«ebes, or Romer~t.<:to India he com- ing, S. D. Phelps, D. 1)., preaclier, and C. W. Flan- menced the study of the Oriental langnnge8. The ders, alternate.work of Sir W. Jones, which fell untGeorge Siddons, esq.,, of the Bengal Civil Service, J-ersey, but he thought without sufficient reason. Theyoungest son of the celebrated Sarah Siddons.ated ty a jealous military clique, indignant that they members of that Synod supposed that they were work- should have taken up arms in their own defense,— The Cleveland Plabidealer relates the followingsingular case: A. young lady, the daughter of a farmer . the $i.04,000 raised for benevolent objects,: §113,000JAMES 15. BONO, SHER.MAN STEVENS. 'INTELLIGENCE.living near Canton, was the object of the tender regard came from this Synod. Of the educational fund last two thirds were collected,within its bounds. Thea neighboring farmer, and tie other, .named Gebo, a^ The Assembly's plan fails "because it is only a plan.ARMY AND NA VYms? at I awrence, Mass., when the nominations.'of under ecclesiastical control.Lincoln a id Hamlin were ratified. The City Hall was severe slashes in his vest pattern and a gash in his arm. Mr. Whittaker hoped the plan would remain—tliecrow led o overflowing. A number of speeches were He.further.alleged that Day had challenged him to Churches are in favor of it.COi^manvled the detachment.: The Secretary of War has ordered a Military Boajform'ijrly the Lieutenant-Governor of Massachusetts.ters written by Day, one of which invited Gebo toLaw, enci] was 'the banner town of. the Knovv-Notli-3. The .liitics of the Assembly's Committee sluiH be to superin-Provei-Col. Johnston, Major Emory, ai!3|he' following companies have been, ordoroifroj 40;than was ever cast for Native Americanism candidaie | than was ever cast for Native Americanism.-4-1n Li admirable speech at the recent ratificationto prove the letters a forgery and the whole story aappoint a General Secretary, to determine bis salary and direct hie movements; und also a Treasurer, to'luko eliargo of the fund*in another county ?: Ttnhey who framed that titution did it to suit, the slave oligarchy, and view of giving to the dense masses of free-.''..("^ '0 ", .0 , ";l , o m 'd s ' l o r V'*' Purpose o« awakening the interest Ulllto Chicago nmracneieo by. ins'ruaious,and lree to vote, and prepared to rote, for the man who, in their"insuit against a State, wbete, if he i« i,ot it-aiiv a na- u* but the choice between a conservative Republican titled ! It requires ucveii or. eight white men in the them to Otis Clapp, No' \i Beacon street, Boston, '1 he following overtures wore answered:tive, he received his education, and should 'th'ereforo candidate, and the candidate of the reactionary Deuio- CitvflBa! l.iuiore to equal one white man outside of it.' 1. Have female member*; of the Church a right tomeniiiyoiointhegovernmentofaffairs.Inothermatewiththelate.Rev.GeorgeBush,bypersonalMoimsoftliemnistrynpoiuhen.:toprewntthecause'tothe theirdepartureforhome.TheyleftSanFranciscoo" AA for the nomination, Mr. Lincoln is not ourchoice—he i;- the choice of the conservative wing of theRepublican Convention. But nothing now remains to tlVCffJjlllHtt itd of seventy-live, to which thev are en.-.' such 101(01*8 or items will confer a favor by directing byterien and the Permanent Committee.She draws, 10 feet o Her armament conlowed but one Senator and ten licpresenta-improved in 1859. and tlnow*ail'the work oil the Proa-BAPTISTCorre«pondenec of The N. Y. Tribune.mojn'ing on Kducation. lie thought that any platt' life menb-rs present. The reports of various Com- wl,]t ii the ASfcCiui ly adopted ehould be impartial in mScm-naiies.V.-.vh'Seminaryhaspeculiarattraction*, on agencies, which was also presented, created con-] and should make the most of intern. But the Assembly^plan should not favor one more than another, ifxj tidei able discussion! as to the expediency of increasing; Jhcugbt'it now did. The Synod of New-York andthis means of influence. The report recommended a New-Jersey appropriated $120totbejr studenra m their the number of agents at the West, where Seminary, while-other students receive less. If thisther says: .).*. Backus, 1). Di, J. E. Warren, I). C. Uaynes, V. iPr*nhyto riaii Cl.nnli, and ban agreed to ignore thosuo- " I t was often remarked that two more powerful Allen and Bro. Bond of Indianaalso took ground m |e«.toi church government. Tins htafdment Was cor-atdressed the people of that city and its vicinity. It fur- might be email, the ultimate result wouldI be glorious..; pH<r literary organ covers Xew-Englaiid a» well as tJicgpeec_... liyitb the New -York .Seminary. were productions addressed to the understandings ot 'IheP.v. Drs. E. E L.Taylor, Edw. Bright, and Ifyrith tl'men, and both left a permanent and salutary impres- E.dw. Lathrop, of]New-York, and N. W. Everts of I)r. Huntington thought well of the Review and ofase ot iigents, sion. The address of Mr. Lincoln, just preceding the 1 nijioi/^TOke'agajnBt-a further increaslast election, was irresistible-in logical force and power, , . | t the West. They were n()»t wanted at CX( ( pt t Dc aaudit was no marvel to those who heard it that the th,- I ,H , where the pastors-could and sbjiuld do theirauthor had acquired such reputation throughout the work, as some of the ) asters were already doing far- igl.Ud with the appearance of Ghia Assembly; itsyrA* Great West as an able, indomitable, and intrepid de- more effect! velv than agents. Utilized with Western New-Ydrkj it i« larger thain fender of the Republican cause.. Before it was even , The report was finally returned to the committee, lie'Assembly before the division, and is a rebuke of drean ed that Lincoln and Hamlin would be the*nomi- with directions to strike out the part proposing a de- be osciuding act which fell so-heavily on that part It nees of the National Republican Convention, they had crease of agents at the West. Ihe meeting then ad- the ehurch.here been set down as men whose power before popu- journed to the afternoon. -.•••- Il Mr. Field thought the difficulty was not that tho lar assemblies could neither be resisted nor disputed." The afternoon was mainly occupied in a very irregu- plan 1Himpracticable, but that it i« unintelligible.—-The rnmor gains strength that Mr. Everett will lar dei-ate on the question of amending the constitution. l:tThe Buhjectwas referred to a Committee to reporthial beautyofdieyonn; these occaj-ions in \ft>. A, 4.rietA. To'these worj- i ourj citizens who irih-"-i •enffieient to inspire uprogress of the beet w thoae in strict, comonut •fcions. jThe business r'o/present week, comm< i .<• The lyearly meetiJmportanceto.thosee'tt their intimate coimectio shorn ojf ite ancient v of the present'centurv into our streets at yea tingnibhed by the j»tc:: that the very character«•dergoalchange—-the r>-.-i w-ere perfectly familiar rence, arid looked forw a of drouth, tutd With appit i« a well autheritic:; in our markets, thro Slumber of consumer; with which city Frier •country cousins, exr,-.'lis-fM vance. ;li Tll'e best spirit prevails in reference to the nomina-tions?pthall,especiallywiththecbnservativejelement; declinetheNationalUnionnominationfortheVice- Variouspropositionstoamendhadbeenmadeatthe nexty-ar..and it 'how looks as though the " latent vote" of Massa-chusetts would be broughtout in support of the Re- Presidency. Probably something definite in the mat-last annual meeting, and some of them strongly urgedby their friends. These, under the constitution, cameup for discussion this year, and were referred to a com-mittee of nine. The main question was, as to whether fo th< Editor of The S. Y. Tribune. the present plan of life membership, open to anybodyCLAIMS.er Mr. Wilson's In the evening addresses were idelivcred by a num-eye soon after bis arrival at the scenes of his labors, ber of returned missionaries, after •which the society and other military-gentlemen, who are indignant thatGENERALASSEMBLYOF THEPRESBY-TERIANCHURCH,N. S.The afternoon was occupied by the discussion of theWintei campaign, provoking Indians to destroy theiif business and devastate their settlements.Report on Education.' The Assembly is very much in-versity of opinion as to the practicability of theirN. Y .;present plan and tlie modifications it should undergo. Oil an obligation depends upon, the party who -may bold]Dr. Brainerd objected to the plan .as npi being suf?ficiently practical. It ouhgt to define more carefully theduties of the Secretary, la he to preach only for thepurpose .of stirring- up the churches, or is he to raise who were engaged in a defensive war; that in many funds for this cause? If some changes should be made; insiames they lurnished them under a threat of mili-The Rev. L M. Sherwood addrbssed the Assembly Tjirrhory,.aud submit ted every account to a rigid inn vesligation, they should still be subject to the capri-Lieut. Rodman's monster gun is now at' Fort Hon roe Old Point, where it'will be thoroughly tested. Thisimmense gun was cast at Pittsburgh, Pa., mid is the| hirgtst ever cast in the United States, its weight being 50,000 pounds. It is made of the very best iron,time 300 students,, mid the cause is in a very hopeful' 10| feet in length, and will throw a shell weighing3 state. The. plan requires very slight alteration to be neurlv 300 pounds.Yard at the expense of the United States Governuieu •i< co.K-.-iitnitinpilK-energies of the whole Church; to visit the A graiidpnrty was given to the otlicers oftte Canditbe taken away ^ Answer—The.right to vote arises a donl-le crew, composed of Japanese and Dutch sail. iroin the regulations of'each particular Church. The ort<'|;|Tho Dutch crew were on board for the purposeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069with.the South, and another which preaches submission on tlii srn shore of that State in the Legislature.to lh<- South; and as we choose the least of two evils, It is i 3 MOwherever you find an oligarchv, suchwe prefer, in the present emergency, to help the con- us tluitiuiu fcr which Missouri now groans, but frombervative-Bepublican element into power, • rather than i • iii h » ultimately destined to free herself. The " the speakers were all courteous enough and respect- the Church may be called together for the purpose of of showing the Japaucse how to work ship, etc., andw h i c l our Siate unist look well to their rights. freerafeh ofIf the k|xi«j Jnce of 100,000 slaves is sufficient, to di100,0(]0j fre ) people of their constitutional rights, what.,may l|ask, will be thenextptep in the great diatnatMay ire net ask, with a great, degree of candor, whith whenever he ohtrudeshis low-bredjackMsictd brayings to transact hu*incs», and if thev should receive mem Nagasaki, in 1858, exercising them in all the differentoppose the claims of Oregon creditors by Gen. Woolli It has been alleged that; the war was a speculation! jj-Tbat is. that a community of farmers, and shopiWhen it is considered that the scrip-holders furnishledtheir goods and their provisions to -tlk-ir fellow-eifiz< ?na•'''•_;"&? www.fultonhistory.com 