 ansatoebast * «•**• '•*"' " "*", » l l M i _»*U«r w w Altera!** bfl v M i a t t h e r e * • •_iBfIbSI•>—'"•£lirtw efbothS*rt"» the ssarseoratoea aed bu'-aee A'ir«s, 9k**ey•*** *°•»"••oregwsy• «»•*—*fy*?r• t o r e s e a a c w a i w a , a a e ° * w » » • —— . — . . . - - »m CHAIUESTOI cdivnnoi What the Gossips Say of theChances.EFFORTS OF DOUGLAS' FSIBHDS.INTENTIONS INREGARDTOHUNTER,TO FU&DESr DECLWHI 1 RISOIHAf]0I.•TO thr«and r«tos *miteansssiTahul hi ttw Mat etosoen. will s o t He aatoaticd a r thetr cianaa oenmdered Tbe pant form wnl besetatod at the reaamaaatmsat of ana pro ceedtop thb tbne, aad rxfire any haasttogs are nad.T h e r e s a b i c a n s a r e v e r y a c t i v e i t a p p o a n g D t K i g l s s . aad to ratnikag ail sarto of eartoaSeward's friends eocfem that a* DongasIbey wiH be compelled to seeept theMTOICIPJLL AFFAIRS.Thve !few Tarsi Tax Bill as U J L e s j l s i a t a r * .BOASJ> OT AUibBBBW.ThtoBoard met tost erasing, Praahsast Pack to thetransit itung » copy af tbeto raise atoney by taxation, and in regard to funding tksHeatingdebtaftheanyofNewYork Ittoas'olkvwa -Alt ACT TO BSASta BBS STPSSVIBOBfl OS TBB OOTJSTT OF M « TOSS TO SABS BOSST BT XaX FOB CUT rUSKMSH,nVrrestssOfliceia' a n aaad supplies far county4CCwC 27,6*3 16,060} , & £ > , a c t6,*«* 10.000•iff ASJMN)MMUEHAL OPTHE loan AJEEICiS. ONE D A Y U H R NEWS FROM EUROPE,mml •unwTiilPtsrosm,ar*drrtuegthepuoix. aw.aJIMI TO nit,: LATX TBE Bxpsshrrt'sjiKrxrsG TUBBOAMD m errsxva>oB£ or TUBcotnrrr orTOSATOISVTATABFOBCOUNTYrTBPeSSB,ASDTOLATS TKB SXPBHWTTM THSHBOF, ASD AISO TO BOBROWaOSST BV J.STHTFITION OF THE COUBCTIOS OF SAID TAX,AMD TO KSCS "COC1TTT BBVBHOC BONDS" TSSSSFOX, to pursuance of law, and for losses of taxes en PASSED Ana. 17, 1810, THUS FIFTHB BBXSU 1MBSS.I1The peoplesf theStale of NewYork, represented toLiverpool on the 4th art. atPortlandateighto'clocktosteveningbovaScotian. from Paruhnd, arrived at Lrverpool on Thursday tbe 6thitotberer—thta eives npot, tbe eomslete tucccaa of nhitntion The lattowasf oruar of . saserrait —La^roduciary. by theliiftii. Jr.. tsaay. Frana'in Wil*vBate daoitc readinj MSB Item.casay,J HJ. C. R-oak-eThe Mills House, with a capacity for the accommoda-tionoffifteenhundredpersons,a thusfaronlycertainoftheTammany Ball delegation, oommiuee rooms firtbe Kentucky delegation, and members from Tennessee. about the sentiment of his own State. He bad been in Obio, Indiana. Ulinoto, loam and Maine. Mayor Wood Washington a day or two, and said that he had not beenSec. 2. The amount so authorized to be raised for the the tights of this city during the late session 01 the LegisraeegBBJMWi of W B ' ,three Tneatriamare_^MJ paviiBBSiihi TaekmSenate and Assembly do enact as follows :—Sec 1. TheBoardas*Supervisorsof theCounty ofNew Varaareherebyempowered,a*soonasoonvantontiymav beafterthepassageofthtoact,toorderandcausetobeofIaf las aabipa,aainquiryaraa amasatrto-Cbtof,aadbwss*r»r-Hiiy «•»•••"•«••*»•*•»•»»w d Fara.Mnan't HthSMMMats-MMDmtcratk Stateabawwhea IkeJftnd-rntrOwnBunat« P*Hqt tf Bmtk CaroH»»—South CaroJtsadai N* taxation according It law, of and within tbe city and tcuj.ol.tan Police district, and the said sum shall he da in throe cootie Tsssato, two Americaconvmat 'or » faraa. ,»ssteadatCity DtMBBTKPeace only bGlLaSOT — AS aadofleyears,waarowtogAqueduct, repairs a i d improvements Almshouse ItopartissBt Almshousebuildingsandrepairs Belgianpavement.Board of HealthCharges on arrears of taxesCharges on arrears of assessment*City contingenciesCity Inspector a Department, contingencies Cleaning marketsCleaningstreets$2.5015 uO 689IS 10704 250,0035,f0 2 00 2,00 80,00 18 008,*on 300,000ndease «f Franca Merrto aad Mr «•tkaBMIrrrsr,ac*»snmatedtyantator,Mety the waves mi tankti eaM aad hat, and by• reastotog the abore aad farmers' hi•floHr tetft Be reporto in*' tbe baa*.ever aboat hair p u t i n o clock Wednesday sheahawityoungSbMlwaD,he washolding aato0kwas pursued by hto own troops.ha will be captured The troops betheir subrntoaton to the Queen.Tranquillity reigns to the Balearic Isles.Perfect tranquillity also prevailed throughout lbs hk,AlltheDeputies inMaorid hsve of devotion to the QueenSWITZERLAND. kXTBAOBDINABT POWBBO TOTED TO TBBcouncil.. TheNationalCouncil,byavoteoflog 8,the Council of State rnianlawiaaly, have voted the dinary powera demanded by tbe Federal Council.DISTURBANCES IN NAPLES.Manas, April 4,1M0.Factious persona attacked the troaca at Palermo, but they were disperses, aadthe©toy than baaaasa Waanail.A11tksto give aa anwili- gibat accooat af what had occurred, fta«v whea the alarm wasgivenaadboastaaatoutanto*hay,aotracewastoha fauod of the nsJortuaafts tod. H a ratoer aaad*tossir>a»carta*theday.aadwasableto0a4hatooLoaf Uiaadenore,aawFlashinghay.ha*tooboathaaaoibean found aadtbefateoftheladtoyetuncer•am A tbaerman of Whaaataae ataaaa that he aaw a Mayor Wood mnrshahi haa rbroas Tka aofta are marshal. tcbeoa#r go to the aaat where yoang StdlweU t uHeace,asyouareaware,ithasnotbeen the custom to South Carolina to hold a State Convention having refe reneetoaNationalConvention ortosenddelegateseven to a National Convention Generally there have been teundattheNationalDemocraticConventionssomefew SouthCarolinianswhoharebeenpermitted tospeakor vote for the State: but this has been more out of courtesy to the State than from any right of authorized delegationNow it to deemed proper, to view of the sectional ooniast at issue, to give all the direct aid possible to the dexocratic party T at there are, I find, a great many in Printing for departments the State who are opposed to sending delegates to Charles ion—manywhothinktheStatewouldholdabetterandmore dignified position by adhering to itoformer practiceTheextremewingofthe democraticparty,orthosewheaave been called Becesstontoto, areopposed to sendingdelegatea to the Charleston Convention. They are in the bridge.deficientappropriation,suchamount or amountsssmay be deemed necessary, from any other appropriation or appropriations in which there m ay be an excess? or tur plusovertheestimatedexpenditureto beaaadefortbe current year, on account of which the said tost mentioned appropriationorappropriations were made, aadthe amountoramountssotransferredshallhedeemedand takesthesame,andmayheexpandedtothesameman ner aa though tbe same had been originally embraced u. such deficient appropriation.Sec. 8. It shall and m ay be lawful for the said Board of Supervisora of tbe county of New York to borrow upon the faith and credit of UM said county, in antici- pation of the receipt of the taxes levied and assignee by them for county purposes for the current year, such amount of money aa may be necessary to meet the expan enuresundertheannualappropriationsforsaidyear,be fore the said taxes shall have been collected, and tojudge and appropriate, as security for tbe payment of thesaid moneys so borrowed and the interest thereon,tbewhole amount of the said taxes soas aforeaaid leviedand assigned, and 10 issue bonds or certificates of in railway works are progressing satisfactorily debtednese for the moneys so borrowed, whieh shall betan MOT, and about the tlaaa whea ha waa crying tor help; that tbe acfaoooar dropped bar jib aaa the peak of tbe mainsail, aa If baiting for atnsepur paaa, aaw tnea within a tew mraotos batoting them aadtown pat: fort acboyter tuoUi« Sound The blowing freso from the north or aortboast at , aa-) inis aiay a part accooat for bar not etop- tf[«*•haatakenapteatad. domusthaveopes on board if the v n better to heap him warm aaddry aa tka board tkaa to ex tea* htm by landing himthearcnmalaamahavegivenhopetoaaafflictedfrtoads,ed at present by Crosweil,Q>rninf and Jewett The latter are perfectly sanguine of their satire admission, to tbe e x tiuaton of Wood s ueiegates. They base stocked lbs carJa Tbe Chairman baa, it is said, issued ticket* of adminsioa tothesofts,aadassrefusedtbemtoWool'sdelega- tion. That will produce trouble, for it is is direst riotaon of an understanding between Mr Stonily, theaentLands purchased f<ir taxes and aaaaesmeata Old claimsPrinting a n d advertising for Common Councilaad ikey hope to aa* haa any mtormauaa that any Chatnann, aad Mayer Wood.ii.Gaotaia Beimer tnforma as that hatbe Azores to eoai. She will • say* coal, aad with ana aid af tbe aula a88,000 26,000 16,000120,000 50,000 42,000 20,0008,000 239,000 116,000 4,000203,1903,000 20,0002,300stock; and the resolution respecting the issuing of addi- tional stock waa returned to the Board of CouocilmenThe following members wore appointed by the Preei dant as a committee to attend tbe Sanitary Convention to•xptctodu>staketbe •art at tbe Allairelutionshouldbeinauguratedbythesuccessoftherepub Supplies for a n d clsaatog public officeshe held in Boston—Aldermen Starr, Cornell, Plait. Owtog to the closing of tbe marketa to morrow aad Fri-reremuaas aad a Linaaurs af »am m. Shea «*rv amaarb ;aaataaiy nay Ttbrnam asrmpttoa HertamefromOtddkptotbelastaadaf Casey band aad i>*ck to her Bsnrttof place a s s ana' aad arty mlnwea Owtog to tbe lisntneaa ot ibe mi n> trai at aaamt wan had andar anaiiau.tkaantbftiaaiaawaaailTkiiisany,Mthmat. he b wall wnrthy <ata rMttotosae woo a n totoraneaPnDjonATaaaii SonsTT.—The tank aenrrersary of tkktwas aahtirikid aits appropnats exercises last, al lis nhSHfnl lnnntj Library rooms, comer ofl aranae and Bsreath atreet. The aanonncaanwxtmas Ban.Caleb Lj<m. af Ljons-iaie, would Jeitver an amass aans the aanwton drew toejatber a torge and aadMane,oompleaelyffiknctbebailtoasalmostMr :.jon, ;>o«-Ter did not make am appearaaoe, es«uned b, ...osaa R»v Matnew Hale Sm.nto wsjsab- mcuico a place of Mr-Ljon, and acqoiuad biSouthern institutionsatthemercyofpopularmajorities qutnhlannicr per'ect. • aauafackiry to hm auditors araanntoea>oimselr. somuck aothat aootHirst tne aoeeeee of Mr Lyon. Tbe yauagtbe t o o t? wno ami Uopaftsd m tbe ex«r acquitted a«Bs*»t»ea *oi> , an I tkr Philomaibeaos ifor feeding and lodging the multitudes that are exacted to it the democratic candidate. The feeling against him is almost universal and very bitter. When I said I underaanaas afatulnie arot pnbbe as were Chas. H. , Rev Matbew t, poam. J. Larrie MawLizawPatttanlaward upon this city like the locusts of Egypt: but as yet the public have been slow to come forward and aa thonse their names to be entered in the hotel books, to aeonre rooms and board.stood there were some of their public men friendly to Iwuglas" nomination, they expressed their astonisnment snd said it would be the political death of any man in tneir istate. They spoke kindly of General Jo Lane, felt proud of him as a native of North Carolina, and believed be would get a larger vote than any other democrat.abbasi for 0u Owaaatiab aa^fctbaffow* a / A c HdfcJHeme Keeper*, RumitUcrs, aad JViwi at the North. They reason thus; they are tar sighted anc Wharves, piers and BlipsBoole. Genet, Brady snd Farley. Theramof$3,800wasappropriatedforplacingadd;tidnal backing to the brick pure supporting tke liuiaia of Tompkins BarketThe Comptroller aent in a comrnnnnation transmitting a certified copy of an act of tbe Legislature, passed April 14,1800.autborrxinKtheCorporationtoborrowmoneyto extend theCroton Water Works Ordered to be printedThe City Inspector aent to a communication giving a atatemtnloftheexpendituresforthequarterending31st of March, If 60, by which the following items appear —day, the commercial sews herewith forwarded a as tote aawillgooatistheAmericaonSaturdayLIYBBFOOL COTTONBAHKBT. LrvsarooL, April 6 Its*.The Broken Circular reports the sales for tbe tost few daysat40,000bales,ofwhich1,200balsaweretospecu- lators . and 7.000 bales to exporters. The market will be closed tomorrow, it being Good Friday. All quali- ties have ahghtly declined, and inferior qualities are very difficult to sell except at irregular prices. The sales to- day (Thursday) foot ap 7,000 bales, of which 2,000 bales were on speculation and for export The market cases atearly, with a fair demand at the followine quotations —Hart'era.a*W»aaoatNicfrotosS3,<0a Thebaiklaig luckyaadMichigandelegateshavesecuredtoeaomforus a Mored >w 9* 0*0 m tbe Sasxnal aad 14.000 in the v inat nouae.sylvaniadelegatewarnedtheDouglas"olowers' notto bondsoftheCorporationtherefor,intheusualform,the girlsstrewedPowersbeforehimandauagaaoagofwei tame to be payable at any time during toe year 1861,misrepresent him tn like manner, thto gentleman—a from ihe taxes and tae revenues of said Corporation ap- 00me. One of those girls to BOWMrs. Chesnut.Kirtoy, tbe Boston girl, who waa supposed to be tbe vic- tim, to living with a family to Brooklyn. Bar trunks ar-N'-» York fc.au lbable lsauraaca coeatmutas 1'nc buitdiag Kc ick Wawr sUcat m asQied torfct.owO to tbe starlet kisaraaor Cam aao t Tae toas of Jonas k Co., flour 6>ai err No34"Prflatrrset,willbeab>atasnO toanred forSBa.uajO, as toitow* —Marset, $$,tmO hVraaaaa and T-auera", S? aaw; Sesarny, tlO.CCjU; Saw YorK Bquitaok, ti M*> aad Coattaentai Ss.lHO W Jackaoa k Son v a atartd far W,0w> to tb* sasarsoaa Kacbaags and Mechn aaa aad t r a i l s ' laanraara own tanasf'Aiuas or ran S a m Lorn ttrasn —The above corpssneer th*command of Cnpt J H H Ward, aamaermgaboutthirty&•*aaan,aeooaapanaJ bySbaiton'abrasspersonal friend of the President—bad an interview withbim wciie In Washington, and toft with the impression board 01 Supervisors or other body authorised to levy ware of Virginia, Hon D S. Beid of North Carolina,Hoc. rived on tbe nVmington boat oa Waaaeasay morningaaau, pnraawd Wadaaastoy afternoon, u eatohrahe the anim-iari of the baatte at Cwrro Oardo They aaaassbtod atone retained thet>- regular boarders at old prions Tbej H. McVicker. Esq., lessee snd manager of the Chithe CtiTtitioi.O o nA W T AX 0¥ TBI DBJIOCSATIC HOSTS—COMFIDaWCkOFTbSDOUGLASMnW—BCNTUl'SCHANOSS—MR SCCHANAN DbCLlMbB A EBMOIUHATIOM— PBOB18LS IXULCblON OF THk HSW TObk NATIONAL DKHO- CSATBFBOM THICONVWTIOH—THk TKMFOBARy OBLSJBMAJiSSlir,kTC,BTC.I, April 19, lfifO. Delegstea aad rmbaaViia are arrrvtof by the 1hasthelargestonuidepromare,andhafriendsatmsctmlJfsrtAOmokmm—Stn. J».LametProspect* Bright-Mu rtpreumtmtiom vf DougUu Wvhmgitm Organ—Mepudia dmofDtmffkuastheSmUh—TK*St-xuBoute atI'Mum Ha-lU EtttmaUd Cat, afe.Therebtohea State ConventioB here tomorrow tc senddeiegatfStotheCharlestoc Onnveabhn onthe23d, but this city shows no outward signs of such an event la nay of the etths of the North there would be a erowc of delegates aad politictans and a great excitement on the eve of such a day, but here tbe usual quiet of the ptooe aadtberegularbusinessofthehotels remain undtoturbty be rawed by epeetoi tows), a sum not exceeding $4,477, 719SO,onaccountoftheCorporation of thecityofNew Yoik, for the following purposes, that to to say — Abatementofnuisancesof talartta ot the police force.Sec 6. Ana thesaid Board sf Supervisors are hercbr empoweredsoeaaeetoberaaedsndcollectedinmanner ae a>cr<said, the further sum not exceeding $80,000 to meet as. pay whatever sum up to that amount as may be found doe to the contractors with the Commtostonen cfRecords oftbe city andcountyof NewYork. The Comptrollertoauthorisedtopaysaid amountwhenthe HIM thall bejudicially determined.Sec. 7. No portion of tain respective sums, or Of any other sum or sums of money heretofore appropriated by the laid Board of Supervisors, to or for any speeihed ob jects snd purposes, and ratoed or to be ratoed by tsxation or received from other Bourses, shall he expended for or applied to any other objeeto or purposeswrungfromthembyhorriblemodessftorture. li:lecturerSUPPRESSION OP THE REVOLT OT SPUQf.MADSXD, April 4, lata. Whea the troops found bast Gsaaral Ortega baa as-served them as to the object of the recent mm assail, they refused to march to hto cry of " Ftse la "nnn"' Taw General seeing the torn aflairs bad taken took flight, aadaad nkufarm afterwards , hot the Oeafsntion will netstandthat. candidateputuponItTheplatform will heeonatrnetod aadtheBothaatogattossfromNewYorkarrivedthatereningNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.rha>wttl gat the neaamnttoaPTakmbte Ixeimuai if the Wood Delefttw DougMs itoes fians so takers. Bo seems to haveForestimateddeflctencvtotheproductoftbetesaed. arising from abatement remissions and oar recttone, made by tbe Board of Supaivtourt, of the beat, aad appeared to he eonadeni that ha toik confidently , hat thai confidence a adhered to he sd. A number of delegates, it to said. wtB arrive to-night Contingencies. Mayor's offlse Contingencies, Comptroller's office16,000 tr.au those specially named aad provided for in such a pIt a baitered Hunter will hare nearly the combinedaaa amy eoaamaatoate » ! • a* thaakfnlly reoeired oy h atalker. 9Uaa at atOlwail, TkrogNeck, Westdhestor cotutty, Mr. Bocuck of Virgins, will, it is understood, be minority, and have been overruled by the n&ttonaJ de Salaries Legislative Department.Waa • atk. permanently Chairman of the OonTecuon. He a a mocrnto in this Batter. Salaries Mayor's ollieeSalaries Department of Finance23,830 known and distinguished as county revenue bonds of the 13,000 county of New York, and payable within one year from 07,000 the date of the same, with interest thereon, at a rate not 76,000 exceeding seven per cent per annum. Said bonds to be 30,000FINANCIAL N E W aBY TELkGhAPH TO QT^BMBTOWB.tkui I * " OFt n S m u B B f l n QaoaTsaoa.—Yaatoriay strong Huflter aaan. ataaaatkaitaamartoftkerwharf footofPaaibstreet,andMr Orr to spoken of as likely to be chosen the Preei Salaries Street DepartmentLOHDOS, April 6, ItoYJ. The London Daxly JVraa city article of yeaterday awatog aays —''To-day there waa a further ii thefundsofaneighth,buttotbeafternoonthey1to yesterday's prices. The supply of money 1liberal, but the high rates continue But little buaueaa to dose batow 4?* to 6 per cent."The London ftoaef city article of tost evening says I therebaabeenafall to the sharesoftbeGreatWs and Canada Railway to consequence of taetton of a dividend.niinoto Central declined on the announcement af a call. Consols closedonthetabatMXatajf tar aaaaey aad M * a 94*. for 1COaf.HERCIAL MEWS.LrvssFOOL, April 5, lMOtdawn tka hay aa a trial trip harms aa board maf tksN«« Tone Slate Colocuzatioa Socie- ty,asdtrwasaadgietaa akewasbuilt; aaohkara>President Bucnnnnn has written a letter, which to new to the hands of a delegate from PennsylvaniadentofthisConvention,aad thatseemsprobable,as be oae taken an active part In the movement to hoi1 one, and to one of the most prominent men of that wing o:SalarieaCrownAqaeductDepartmentSalaries Law DepartanentSalaries City Inspector's DepartmentSalaries of Commissioners ot HealthSalaries of Legislative Department, including compenned >n to the members of the Common Coon cii tor their services, at the rate of $1,200 a year each, which shall be in lieu of aad include all charges for carriage hire and other expenses ss such members, commencing on tbe 1st day of January, 1860, which compensation the Comp trailer of the city of New York to hereby directed to pay, aad which the said members are hereby authornwd tn receiveSalaries of *ire Department.. Salarif s of Board of Assessors Salaries of city courtt Stationery and blank books Street improvement*26,760 88,500 4,25004,830 33,500signedbytheComptroller of tnedryandcountyofNew York, countersigned by the Mayor of said city and seat ed with the common seal of said Board or Supervisors attested by the Clerk of said Board provided that th aggregate sum of all the bonds so issued shall not exceed the sggregate sum of the said taxes so ss aforesaid levied and assessed for county purposes for the current year and that the same shall in so case be disposed of by the said Board of Supervisors at leas than par value.Sec. 0. ThiB act shall take effect immediately. TBI ADDmONAJ CXnTKAL PABK STOCk.On moticn of Alderman COBSBIX, the Committee onFinance was discharged from the consideration of theJokaaaa aad Dusbar, of ajarorhv, bar owners, with positively and peremptorily declining the use of h a the party who have called the Convention The matterSivarsi oa orad citueoa of MoaroTta. Xha Saab Ursa mier a s s batlt by Mr Henry Steers, aad will oast, when aakrarad apan tka coast af Africa, about %18,000. She a M TZ toss r iwter Laaslk of ksat M feat, beam 15 feet • aches. Depth af hoM 5 fast 2 insbas. Nohas aparaa to aaaka bar a aanataattoi aad km aaaaawtd to pty oa tka coast aa a mail i AKkooca aha a ao aaaail, Captam, whohaacontracted to aenv»r her at Monrovia, ha the falkat confluence to bar qnatiUea She •. harms bestoes bar torn and aft anta anaane far rennnuantton.Douglas friends are circulating a report that U e levtor contains a Otof at tbe " little Giant;" but taere a sot a word of truth to a.having been determined upon, thore will be no division of the Omocraiic party : those who were opposed to holding it, as well as those wno were for it, will enter the Convention aa delegatea It toamtotake to suppose the people of South Carolina generally are secessionists pn- te. .aert are butfew such, but the whole population, to a mac, would be aeoesstontotB if the equality cf tits ^aies under the guarantees of tbe constitution, cannot beOn Saturday quite a number of Northern delegates preserved . if the States rights federative principle o.in that city an hour before he was surrounded by has token apartments at that house. The proprietors ha Dougias agents. He waa surprised at the activity andLIVERPOOL PRODCCE MARKET.Pot ashes quiet at zto. a 2Se. Sd Pearl ashes quiet at 33s a 83s. 6d. Sugar quiet aad declined 3d a Ad. Col. Fred. W Lander, who to stopping at the Metro- Coffee steady. Rice quiet Cod oil, 3da a 3&s. 1inansitwill beaeededThe NorthCarotinsdetegapayment of such judgment or judgmeu s and the legal monstrabobs by the people, especially by the ladies A day night which tends to throw further light upon tinsInePaTihon Ratal can quarta- 1,000, the Plantar a Bote! M e. aad the American 400 Naaher of tone* bouses hasanyengagenectsthusfar.Oto boarders at tne Mills, the Charleston and the Plan tar's base chosen to go tato private beaming hour-.'* rather than succumb to tbe demand of to per day la, ihrThe Pavilion, which baa five outside houses under lease for lodging rooms, sad the American, which haspw bed*intoOddFtHows Hailandanotherbuilding,hawplicable to such purposes for tnat year, and the said Eon. George Biddle of Pennsylvania, Hon E W . Bcul-latter house a ehgibly situated an King street, and yourGeneral Lane. "Hunter or Lane,' tney say—Hunter If cieay named and provided for in such appropriations ;at Otetr armory aboat S n'ntoak, aad tbaa proeaaded aplrsni>wny » tweaty tbsra atreet, dawn Pourtk awanue readers have aaan apprised of ito terms of board ibrouga enough about him for tne North, where the brunt of the tion bo made by tbe Mayor and Common Council ofsinger, are slopping at the Lafarge Houseas tbaar aauy asaa of sefeanag nan.Tbe PresMent has written a totter to heCharleaton Canventten positivery declining tkeosabsiTraalc-SUtc eta*af Ux etc.,asalldembatkatmayhnseaxbkad «• thai point are at aa aad.regardinghis vtemThere seems to h e a atrosg, deep feelias;, a n t h e part of tke Northers delegates to Charleston, to favor of Guthrie Jos lane has a good many frtonis, sad they ieave fo- lks field of battle feeling quite sanguine that their favsfor the purpose of erecting suitablethe accommccatida of the severs} courts of the county gior.ooo.Oar Callbi* Coireipoadtnes. Oeumnia,a C,April U,I860.and to-morrow moraisg still there will not he more ex- citement probably than en the ordinary mooting of the legislature The truth to, th. people of this *tate attend to thetr ownaflbira. and toko hot little interest in federnlConlrogenaee, Street Department ContiEgenciea, Crete* Aqueduct Board. Contmgenctoa, Law Department. Donationsproprianons; provided, however , that to ease a n yTask af the Southfinal nasJL Hunter a friends want tbe aomtoattoa first, matters beyond that which directly concerns them Errors and delinquenciesbut BOone attempts to predict theElection expensesour government be destroyed bythe complete substitutionot the theory of government ss held by the black repubdeans, of consolidation and government by popular majoritits. The people cf this State love the Union and w a nto remain in it, but they reason profoundly, and say itwould be better to be out of the Union if they can Streets, repaving and repairsmeet to confer in regard to the course they Intend to pursue.Iraato aad New Terk will vote aa a unitOnw Charlestoa Correspondence.CBUBXBtoXW, a C , April 18. I860 1can party aad republican principles, trading to consod Supplies tor Police DaparbneBtdatton and to centralised empire, placing tbe South and Society for the Reformation of Juvenile Delin-7,000 propriety of toauiag additional Central ImprovemsntofnWfbaamaajflaCJhaansbsaaad conservative. IwtohthemassesoftheNorthunderstood ihtasnnsi Te ArtuU at Work ss well ine theory and nature of our government.Appropos to conventions—and Una to the country aad Sketehtng Ansa tsaimbd asm the fkii inbw •ibsain- age a: conventions, from tbe nsaaatonl woman's rightsWaterpipessndlaytagWells and pumps, repairing and cleaningFor estimated denctoncy in the product of thesaxes aaateaed.arhnsg from abatements, remis atoassadcorrectionsmadebytheCommon Council to pursuanceof tow, and from losseson taxes on persona! estates, sayLegalexpensesandsBtborsementt incurredbya special committee af the Common Council on police investigation in the year 1856, to be audited and allowed by the ComptrollerCoenties reef, blasting and removing.For regulating, completing and paving the publiccarriageway across the lower angle of the Park, in accordance with tbe resolutions of the Com monCouncil,approvedbyMayorTtomannJan. 6,18*9 and D t c 3 1 , I860, the'sum of.CeAcra fanaPtiietJbraenkmsniidtoKeeptheJntssaSa as Order, etc. TheOonrentknbthegreattopicofconTeTsattontothiBcit;. at tbe present tbne ; and essrybody, from the hotels to the fruit aad cake abops.from the occupant of a houseandBloomerconventionstothoseimportantgatherings that control tbe pottttoa aad daatuij of the aatton—I no tkedonmywsyfromWeldontoRaleigh,NorthCarolina. tomething of a crowd of gentlemen get into the cars, and had the curiosity to inquire if there had been a public meet ing in the neighborhood. I learned that there had bees a aatrjet convention, or meeting, in that part of North CaroOn account of salariesDo. of cleaning streets Do. do. markets Do. contingencies$21,544 48 77.0-.7 04 2,070 0U 3,4014: 70 40with one spare room," to the proprietor of the largest Una, ot the old line whig* aad Americans to choose dele boarding house, from the drtoktog saloon, curate ed gates u the Baltimore Convention.Thinking thto a good opportunity to ascertain the views of theSouthernoppositionpartiesonpoliticalmattersana Presidential candidates, 1 entered into conversation withDo.abatement ot nuisancesdemocratic Headquarters," opposite Institute Hall tothedegradedconcernthatdeadsoatwhtotey,sureto kilat forty rods, is calculating to make enough out ot tbe these gentlemen. I found they were strongly for GraTotalOrdered on file.A resolution from tbe Board of Oouncilmen respecting Mobiletbe organization of an Emigrant Protection Bureau wae referred to a special commiiteeThe Mayor sent a message suggesting that suitable preparatiors be mace to receive tbe Japanese Commis eioLers Referred to a special committee.A motion to appropriate $25 000 for the expenses incident to the reception or the Japanese Em sassy was laid over.Aid FAKLBY fdtered the following —Resolved, That tbe thanks cf the Common Council be and are hereby tesaered to those members of the Legto lature of the State of New York who ao masfully defendecDemocratic Nakdnal Convention of 1300 to retire from beabBSse.The h'-oeto bare made most extensive anrangementetan: of their Stale, aa tbe Baltimore nominee for Presi ci. nt. Tne.. were confident they would carry the election in North Carolina tor him or tor Scott, or any other good man of their party, h y a large majority, if Douglas shouldThe said Board of saperviaors arealso required to raise aad appropriate sufficient sums to provide for the psy nif.nt of the law expenses of the Metropolitan Peiict De- partment, incurred to maintaining their righ.fi and autho my under the provtotona of the act entitled ' A n act to es- tablish a Metropolitan Police Department. and to provide tor the government thereof, m the year 1857.For Seventh regisnent. National Guard, First divalon New York State Mibtia, for complete set of camp equi page the tuna of $5,000, or 10 much thereof as may be ne cessery for that purpose, when certified oy the Coionet o the regiment.6'..d. e 3 16d. The ttock in port to 000,000 bales, of which 708,000bales are American.not be protected in their rights, and if a political revo-Sewers, repairing and cleaningtnthecarsfromPetersburgtoWeldon,Imetadele gate from Pennsylvania totheCharlestonConvention,a very intelligentgentleman andevidentlywell informedlature AdoptedunanimouslyAid BOOLBdesiredtowithdrawhisresolutioninregardFran ci lam• cask Wednesday morning a fire arose oat to therear of the third floor of the buttling No. 100 Centraareat. seetipwd by Henry Hansen aa a pianoforte maaa-betory , The flames qiiekly spread to tbe upper flora,aau b«rore tbe flie waa exuBfriuah»>i tbe apper part oftbe»<- •. tif aas -.>ta y destroyed Mr Hsoaon ssatomaas of a hundred cot beds into the upper hall, and nave a witness present during his interview with them»• 't«s si a out $ifl,Qto .nfture: for JJ.WJ0 tn the St. rented a tower bail to one of the Ulinota delegations for a leering they might publish him as a Douglas man,bai k a aa : Ku a>r« iasu(aao« oomaaaisH. Tbe ftrst floor committee room. Tbe Milto haa three other outside build he bfing anything but that, and remembering how they Sec 3. The said Beard of Supervisors are also hereby politan Hotel, will leave to day in the steamer for Ca!i oil; 2&s a 28s. Od. Rosin dull at 4s. 3d. a As. ad tor • <xc-^xii by Jaa>t> Koeblor aa a Bi !iard saloon, toes oy togs, one of which takes one hundred and ten single bed*. claixnou everybody and everything. He bad just heard empowered and required, in case any judgment or judg- tornto.waar sb>'ui $ SS—ao :us<iraoce rue baaanaeni a o x uSraaaa—Between two aad threetc reducing theaaaryoftheAuditor ofFinanceinthe Comptroller e department, as he had ascertained that that gentleman wae not (as he had supposed) lobbying agem&tring leased Hiberaian Hall building, have put upwards ubiquity of these people. He took the precau taxable lor such purpose, lying, and being within thattain, and told them so, to have a friend asportion if said city which tne Common Council thereof have designated by resolution or otherwise, or m a y here- alter designate as the " Lamp district. 'PereoaaU Intelllsjen.ee.IbearuGov.DunningsaybeforeIleftWashingtonthai the .statement published in theStates was not true; that itidmoneysafromtimetotimemayt>e:.-c-siary forthe Trenton,andwasreceivedwithtbemosterthnatosurdehasof£Trendwenk*naaotaohenryasatfirstsopaaeed Their Urn* on r..uof a a ; maebiaary wtll aot axaasd$18,0COinsuredfortl3,»-0i.«tnthefoliowincumn lionhastokenquartersandacommitteeroomwasanoutragetomisrepresenthispositiontnthatman costsandexpensesincidentthereto,andwhichthesaid"trmmpba!arch"waserectedonthebridgeoverthemysteriousmurderoftheunknownwoman.Informa-aer, and that he should go for Gen. Lane as soon as bersace eonapaniea. m—Mercoana . Sa,Qd0. Jbaa, of at the Charleston, and Alabama, Tennessee, Ken felt sstaned Douglas could not be nominated. The Penn- Corporation may be gable to pay, and to issue revenue Assanpinck creek, at the entrance of which the young tion haa been received which tends to tne belief that Maw.thai ill Buchanan was favorable to the nomination o! <»eu Lane.tbe taxes for said city for th.. year 1861 shall include an amountsufficienttopaysuch revenue bonds so issued, with the interest thereon, in the annual tax levy for said 1ear, in addition to the amounts provided m said levy forT. W Bartley of Ohio, Hon. C L. Ward of Pennsylvania, JudgeMasonandGeneralCookofMaryland,aretoWash- ington.Nothing was.found to them but weartog apparel aad aa m» anwary. and tata as tbe fark. Aftor a abort rant bayagaintookoptbasr itoeafmarch upB>oaJwayto *ar hasaajaanars. ahera taay osaelniiid tbeday with a ^^•"npMMasBsa CO*nws**Oaal. Pw*4 ^BBSJTBVA) M a r ssawV OwtoannsflaWQ' *JaWl*««a»** attention especially aa Broadway.^** absasABD Oa»w*-- taaa m a w —lbs first aanl they osnid sketch the lodgers when they get orten<:ed. tor they say they bad no idea of a convention amounts as may oe deemed necessary from any other Metropolitan Hotel yesterdaywhoee clothes were found on tbe raft at 1three weeks ago. She may haveand murdered there, aad a barrel sf patohone of tbe Brooklyn wharves, aad then token to a rafts- man a boat aad sunk where itwaa found, aatbe rope toad around her nook waa a "raftsman t ksat.''INVESTIGATIONCiMPHsaa AocromrT—Shortly aftor eleven 0 clock oa Tuesday night a alight Are occurred to the third story of booseNo.14 Newarkavenue oocaptodbyoccasioned by tbe bursting of a campbeae h a p . flames Bet fire to Mrs Soden's clothing. Mr taddawas in bed st the time, Jumped up and attempted ha wife out of the window, hot. failing In thto, be 1 through the window ana tended upon toe ewamg a twelve feet below At thto tune officer Ward tend the apartment and tore toe burningfrom the woman's body. She ' coonderaniy burned about tbe back. Tbe Ore wasdamage waadone.BOLDRojnuurr OnTuesday ewsnhatawell««—TW*»ry ofthe Barcnard Aaaaclttmn wss bald attksThmssamaimiPrasb?aarmn^''onr*'•»J nad a asngthy aad sscy laaareabng report af tka***dlasa af tbe stasnsiaiii Addraasss a s m adawnradu* to tbe mmstog sad search to vain for their own atasayof themwill, theirIkssceneslor tbe purpose of secession, snd that the first resolutionoffered to that effect—"to consider thenecessity of secea•toe"—waa voted down by a unanimous vote. Theywanted to confer on the best course for the Southern last mentioned appropriation or appropriations wereMr aad Ms. W J. Florence have arrived home,and arestoppingattheirprivateresidenceinEastBroadway•7 b»* Dr Itowbag aad Raw Dr. Smith. was am a vary avpa aae. The aaaaahss blbr a n oetoekTne audience adjournedajisnd s p , yartisatorry to a crowd of three hundred, and shades or opinsen are offended with the Old Dominion mmany BOWsuits will be likely to ohansje wearers— through con»f quence of -his rebuffthe work on toe State House at Columbia to•Wm tAi osnss Pouca-Taere waa a Uvntytordny aranad lbs Comptroller s office, II,libIIIIII byslay aad oseaty omenta aanmbhag there for tbe pa sfrecsinng nock pay toe to ton owing to tbe dm g*""1* • V " 1 tow* A » « t steTan anndrad of toe fwros STJt?**-^"Tmtm *T«*•CbyQmmbariato The ••sthJy pay of the tores naunatt to $70 000etsaanjrms kxasaa n TsuaasAfm-Taa a a * spa totos, eaaanstmg af a hwgs Mssanby hsU, tatod wMb ah.**,•b-chhasbeenarnstodtotheParkfarnannor •as. afiesttag in saatbUSy of a ptao for strfiras firsto»a by ah-f-awh, wui ha trad on s e n Monday *• the aiaag maaa aril] hare sees tally um i •AGtoxnaVnnssim Dau'm.—Margnrat •wesadahalfvsnraold.dadatN» •bastyaattiiaay. from the aaVeto af b _•*****> • » her fitetkaa catohasg fire a t t h e atowa »wM^atyy absence of her pareatt from tkslast Tsurrrpocara ymawdaya* No l*iTin. appropriation herein0*;ore provided and author-LuwelLtheadvertaungcolumnsoftheBSSULD. trass New York pictorialoat:itwinbe:ifnot,Lane,wholasoundandacceptable, and whohasmore elementoofpopularity Thereare many however, who areoffended with Virginia andMr Hunter from the result toutb Carolina received irom thetudcityshallbefound insufficient furthepurposefor whichthesamewasmade,itshallbelawful torthesaid Mayor andCommon Council, and they are hereby em- powered, upon tbe recommendauon of tbe Comptroller,daughter,arestoppingattheStNicholasHotel.Hon.J.K.Hawtoy, ofCalifornia,Hon F.W.Lander, anc lidward Lander Esq.,both of Salem, Maasachusetu Oil. A. G. Cartin. of Phdadeiphia Mr. Dearing, of the United States Army, and P H Watson, Esq , of Washnewspaper*are the various objects of interest oonnectod wi.hincluding the lodging rooms with <>td l>vminon to its proposition for a convention of douth to autcuriae, by resolution or ordinance, a transfer to tbefrom oae to three hundred beds thereto. If era States Even the moderate men of this Siai« are credit of such deficient appropriation of such amount or ingtcn, were among the d&tinguishsd arrivals at theaf anajaarraaaypaa at tbe lower the detectivestoembraceafew to. An extra panes force of flit, m engrano and beautiful one. Thefigure to a parallelogram wi-b imposing protesting porticos on each side, and with abroadflightofstopsonon-aidefortheentrance. With the exception of these porticos, and the columns and or Laments connected with them. the building is a plaindeclared lawful for the Mayor and Common Council to authorise and make, ar cause to be made, any agreemenu or agreements, contractorcontracts forcleaningthe tuteia of the city of New York, a v i to which the said or kaidreu appropriations apply, for and during a tornColonel E B Alexander, U & A.; Hon Wm. Preston, Ky . Gen A. G. Carter Gen. Simms La., Hon. John Ross, CherokeeNation.Hon.Wm.Wright,N.J.HonJRan dal.Hon. H, M Phillips, Pa . Hon J. C. Bather. Hon D L. Seymour, John Clancy, Henry Wlkoff, P. Cogger,andgenteel appeering yeang aaan called at fee boose af F C Thatoaaa. at No aOEasex street, aad while 1 in eonversauon with the •ervant girl, a n a stered the baaeatent by ibe oaafc aaor, and 1SrrytogawayaboatMoworthofsurerCoreatn' laqaFAXAi.CAMVALTOMI.—Philip Richest, ployedonBonner'snewbuildingatMo.DJ while asient-mg a ladder Wedaeaday morning. step snd was precipitated from M s fourth to floor, and was killed almostbeteaainquestupoaMsbodyaf Accidental death Deceased was aandwssfortyyearsofaga. A Portuguese Iboard the brig A. fell from aloft Wto obligee toaBTthkaadwtU rsasve ever aadfityvotesoathefirsthallot. Theyas wial gofer ham from the first, aad aeMarybau;that Tennessee anilteatow a d'oppad.aad Virginia aa a w atog hi i t s water at the foot of South asgbtb street yea tardaymorningabout7o'clock,andwasmooredtothe askbyoaeaftkaemployesaflbsferrycompany,to awaittbeCoroner whowssaottfied tbebodybade-rt- ccatty base to the water a oonsi lerabie time, ss thereI*Yheavy pilot or pas jacket, which was ctoaerybmvCom pb oilerSec.5TbeBoardofSupervisoraoftheOosatyofNew Yorkareatoeherebyempowered,asnoonaaeonventoat- H may be attar tbe passage of thto act, to order aad oaaar toberaaed,bytaxaBtheestate,realaadsaraaaal,aab- wct to taxation according to tow wtthto has aato county, and to he collected according to taw . to addition to tbe aevoial sums beretoakre autnorised to be raawd »y fP*CM\ law k sum not exceeding tS,2»0 406 91, for tbe wwauai county objecaandBBrpoaea withinsaidcoasty,to*tt^-J#ttfiw*itf.oas aVtsBIt to said b y fwstakBBaaai ^ ^b sutof the wsyNorth Carolina, etoorsianbaataaaariyNo. SL d beat T ^ V ^ ^ .^^anas heretofore bttowTy hostile n him are a o » M ha aaaaag am fraads fit to aa*u ibat tsaretons for the Mexican wane. She a building far Mr F.T«a) at.d Dumb Asylum•taction ex,«na»s...,.Baikto brit ge (newrl •raites fey tax on the Chutes, real and persona!. subjt-ct toFlaggingsidewalkssadfencingvacantlota Fue DepartmentThirty thousand dollars of which shall be used fcrthepurchaseofsteamfireengines andappa- ratus connected therewith. fireandpolicetelegraph InterestonrevenuebondslampssndgasLands and placesLands and places—Mount Morris square improve2,500 100,00015,000 236,000 *ds5.60020,0CO20.000eu.oot 100,OOC 60,0OC 2O,C00130.00* 175,000 40,000Public buildings, construction and repairs RealestateexpensesRentsRoads snd avenues, tAO.OOO,whereof $10,000, orAUSTRALIA.STOSBT,Feb 7,1M0.aomuchthereofjswmaybenecessary toputit tn good order, shall be expendea on the Kuige- bridge road, between Tenth avenue and KingsGreat floods hare destroyed muchproperty.TJUUtsoF, i r oarrHO-forperrenai estate, l a y $>*.561 SI. a a d also a further sum. not exceeding the aBto of •it.fti by tax en the estotea, real and personal, subjeat to taxa ttonaecordisgto tow,within thesaid cayandcounty,nad tobecotiecieoaeeordtog to tow, to he applied towards defrayingthelawexpensesanddisbursement*!connecte*: therewith incurred by the Board of Police for the Me• niaiiinaaab s Jbdtriet Cowsaaaisa of i^antocol Aani county of Ntw York, aad to be collected according to bursed upon tbe order snd receipt of the Treasurer ofthe an Oldenburg bark, the coolies hadan JTertk Cambas View qf&mtkem ' pportKm Mem o law (in addition to the several sums heretofore authorized said Board of Ponce, to the same manner as toe payment a nominal consent to an eight years angageaaeat in Cubaentirely under within tne last few says.17,500 35,000 6,900 26,000 30,000 20,COOorigl found irsuffiaent for the purpose or purposes for which thesame waa made, it shall be lawful tor toe said Board of Supervtoora. and they are hereby empowered, upon the reoortiniendanon of the Comptroller to authorise, by reF a k e s r a s a , p a y a e a t a fPaaee, esatiagsacna af Deputy cRepairing i•aawiaawSakwtos, Ex-witrre aaptrtmeni...°alariea JudictorrFor a aurwy of tae Harlem river w h a stowu . ' a ..sf aaa*naitiiag whether theaTaaawl^psweTM'C• • • • • • * • • • » • • * • • • • * • *—Or BOtouchthereof as maybe af .-• pervisors are directed toLegislatives s l appropriation ao made b y said Boardshall b e3,000 solution or ordinance, to transfer to tbe credit of suchexpensesofthesaidCorporation,whichareormaybein-curredforcleaningstreetsinthatpartofthesailcitylyingtouthofalinerunningthroughthecentreofFUtyseventhstreet shall be assessed only upon the estates taxable forsuch purpose, lying aad being south of said line. Andtheamountsoauthorisedtoberaisedtopaytbeexpenses theCommieCouncilmAlbany Theresolutionwaawith Theholidaybaaproducedquietnesstnthemarket. of lighting said city shall be assessed only upoa the estates drawn, and the Board adjourned to Monday next.of me case or Gov Dunning, an Indiana delegate, who bad ments shall be recovered against the e~id Corporation atbeen po.iAhed to the Douglas organ at Washington as for Mrs. Mary Cheat ut. mother cf tbe Senator from Sauthcommon. Spirits turpentine dull at 341 id. unimportantIke Charleston Hotel can provide for twelve huaired,taw—no j»tartaee Ike Out dmg a owned by M- Wolf; but they pack away three hundred of these istrj one hall Dou^ias "3:at, last and forever,' when it was known IsriO shall have been levied by said Board of Supervisors, Carolina, has been appealed Vice Regent of the MOUDtn- t>\ Jobn Rieta aa a mrn^r bier aatoon, damage aooutany time before or after the annual taxes for tae yearu is itaafMl aboat SS.-uo—fatly maorod. sad u-f xaxed a the dryad ro».«Tbe are, u bon Hayne street. It will be a deligntful lodging roomandbeforetheannualtaxesfortheyear next succeeding shall have been levied, the said Mayor, Aldermen ana L*.i.imonaity of t h e City of N e w l'ork a r e authorizedVernonAssociationofthatState. Sheaeightyfiveyear* of age, and had a personal acquaintance with GeneraNews.thaiitinniLg hailsopenchantfortbe"LittleGiant,''and •ui.o biraM. ram him tbe moment he had conscientiously four:w«c the instructions or h a State Convention, and aeJersey CityTHE MYSTERIOUS MCRDKK OF A FEMALE—REWARDOrFKREO. NothingaewhastranspiredtracetbeinquestoeTues-particularly If the weather should increase In beat, be-rV^maa PjiSTtrnua or ran TWOTTTsmnar Fmn— The cause there ventilation c m be permitted, aad soon as it tnuuid appear Douglas could not be nominated. t- Dorrow upon the credit of the Corporauon such sums Washington In the spring of 1789 Washington visitedHere, and throughout the South, Douglas to repudiated.Now and then I meet a man rather favorable to him, butsuch cases are rare, and there is no "blowing" about utiler purposes, snd the same annli be collected to the Hon. Zadoc Pratt, of Pratiaville. N Y , has bees electlikenessofa female. acting Superintendent the matter.Coroner Moms wasaaatfor by Carpenter to confer with b o b tobim The imp*»«»n a that he will fall Hatter at Charles ten than any pouueal man ao prominent evr r fell before, and that be aot only cannot gettbe nomination, but will have no power to influence it. I mink this impression a correct, and next week will show it to oe ao.manner provided by law for the collection of other taxes. Bee 4. No portion af the said respective Bums in this set aa ned, or any other sum or sums of money hereto-ed an honorary member of the San Francisco Mechanics Institute.fore appropriated by Ihe said Mayor, Aldermen aad Uommonalty ot thecity of New York, toor for any specifiedooj-eisorpurposes,andratoed,ortoberaisedoylaxatML received from other sources, shall be expended forparts—I find the opinion to be in tavor of Mr. Hunter or or applied to, any other object or purpose than these spe- cago theatre, and Mr H. Squires, the well known tenorAmongthepolitic*!mennowatthisplaoe—andthere are several editors among them from Charleston and otherJ. Zanaga, aad family, from Havana, are occupying apartmentsattheAstorPlaoeHotelit would be safe to run ban, if he haa popular elements p-uvided, however, that in case any original appropria-appropriation or appropriations in which there m ay be an excess or surplus aver the estimated expenditure to be madelorthecurrentyear,onaccountof which the saidYouxg John B. BrownJdw, son of Parson Browakm. of peculiar interest. These arbetoa will get States to take in the present sectional cr sis Men of an maile. and the amount or amounts ao transferred shall Tecnestee, who recently killed a fellow student in ab< ceemed and Uikrn the tame, and may be expended m •aeice, has been tried for the oflence in Virginia, and ac Uii same manner as though the same had been originally quittedembraced for such deficient appropriation.Hon Chares R. Train, M C , of Massachusetts, a inprogressing rapnty. There are over five hundredThe aasssra histill dknaehaad to welcome tbe Conven men at work at the building and at the quarries ized fur the cleaning af streets, thall apply upon any au Mr Butts wasdecidedly snubbed tn the Richmond Clayaad would oreftr Baaaabsj to the nomination of I* a said the reof will beon by October next Thees thurtzed agreement or contract entered into therefor for ce ebratwn Hewas noteven invited to attend. timated coat to three miluona This structure will be a any term of years not exceeding five, and it to hereby(Br MMeoavsattoa term, and eili assist figure, with straight ground and sky lines. By the ori- 01 years net L> exceed five Ihe appropriation hereinbe- j. C. Spencer, United States District Attorney, Now York,tbeordinaryhundredaadfiftyofficerstopreserveorder Vary opportunely, a fellow was aaateaeed iast nkturdnyginal design there is to be a ateeple, or what the designer callsadome.Theretosomedoubtofiteverbeingputup. aaa I hope the government of the State will nave gooi i w e enough But to put it up It would be worst* than aloie provided and authorized for making and repairingo madashall applyupoaanyauthorised agreementordetract entered into therefor for any term of years notwtre to Washington on Tuesday.Gen.LewisCasswssborninExeter,hewHampshire oa the too day of Ocu.ocr. 1782, and to therefore now inexceeding five, uui it m hereby declared lawful for theto he assay, for highway robbery to this city L n otner superfluity. it would be an execreaonee Though the Mayor and Common Council to authorise aad make, or the 78th year of hto age. It a said that Gen Cass aeverntof.fnWasrnWW"OF DOCOTAS— OAISS CLAISUID BY H IS FbUHkaW TKB ILLIHOIB DBtkwATIOlt A tTaTT—THK BSTC1LJCAJI8 TO ACCBTT TMX SALTUtOaB NO«IN» IFbOCOAvASWtCEIVEBIBBBOktDiATtOa—LBTTSJIbunding to cal e l a Kcrman-Connthian one,it la almost cause to be made any agreement or agreements, contract had an overcoat upon his back but once in his life, snOFH IrnB8IDE>TTOU KKADATTBBCHtBI.B»rOS ITC.,hTC>Cortninian, andthettntaarenotbroken enoughtoadmit ofaRomandome mueblessthesteeplelike thingpr> ,. »ed to surmount tbe structure This glaring defect a apparent to the Cnpnol or Stole House at Nashville The material, a beautiful light, earnest white granite, which a quarried two or three miles from the city, to well adaptedu>thsbright,sunnyclimate Ontbewhole, there will he few more costly or more hesntlfs! buildings. ifthesterpiebenotpotoa,tothecountrythantbeStats SouseatOwombtoorcontracts for —»¥~JJ andrepairing tbe roadsoftbe cityofNewYork, wadtowhichthesaidorkindredap- propriations apply, fir and during a ter.r of yearn aot to oxceeu five.The proposals for said contracts thall be advertised to suchnewspaperssamaybedesignatedbysaidCommon Council, and tbe cnatoact or contracts shall be awarded aa lathejutgment oftbe MayorandCommonCouncilshall hefartbemeitestoftbe city. Theworkundersaidson tract or contract* shall be performed under the super?i tain of tbeCity Inspector, tbeparty orpartiestowhominstancethatoccurredtwomoniesago,during aaaomeni of partial bodily pioswauou. Thetlratdropofintuxi eating liquors aever yet passed h « lips.The New Ortoasfl eorreepondeat of tbe Charustm crataja-Gea Geo Btoktoy. "»*!»TM*<?Jr? en/by Maj Jo Howell, and who P""""'*"'? vestto.VftbeKntgb-Mjfthe« * ^ , ^throughout N C,tosaidtohare •^^«^iaao«t^,o^^""^aatoa? toS" TkovoW^oawttrtxt^t bea,WIBBMIIIHII, aprtl 1«, i n a asfunofililai-TiTtoChartostoa. The•11 of initiation toea iwerw m - imposter, or he would nevei• aaveiwu*»« n»,t^ . tofavoroftbatr Iocs* DnowHSD.—Thebodyat*aaaanwasfound float- •neb surety as may be prescribed by theMayoraad outackanraaworexpaaiauaB^^ ^ ^ ^withWtlltaaasbau-sr CityNews.uckcontractorcontracts may beawarded,shallgived eD thegreaainsult "W~£!*8bV B&urta*-Mr E.F.wmtosnahas * frame athayard to Grwaafiatat a ottat boat of 96 tons, for tbe SanayBook mtoto, desagaad expressly 'ar speed- Mr. Williams tiMi'fceia ftea IPoogtos' preapects to a few days hi reaaarkabto Maay a W a a w ^ a a a ^ T h a s l of a clipper batk of about 360 County cobttngeacies»itiuever, directly or mduecUy, to tbe support or far tbe river open tbe •btaeat sf aay religtoaa * acker, society, ahmah or deno I tweatiroeuti ^^^^'^•^JTT^L^ySLWma a aaaail iBSBSbbbst for tbe Hariem river, af 100 tonsS £ £ L r - r * » « T - * . * " 5 *^ E ? i rf a a^ .*?*ir*at U»? : V Iasare is Hartford, f»>r tae support ofsf thI "trail.r, w38 bo aa eosastt aa regards ass ItNuobt detofitea \7 E- WbKleatoJP^ab?} toying, th* h*.«J of a tmV. y « - H, Sf '.V '!• U_*- C w•'0-*^"to akb'ra^Ua.to* tlto«k*—"* *-***•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069«*/-*abBtoatton,aa asaasasB af revsraag the property to tiV I waas albrttll 0v*r*** "•'"• ^ VAd-.tiiaagUntitled Document$163,76334Jfaasatop.6%<LAt the meeting of M e Jersey City Commas Council, on Tuesday night. AJdjsrman Hardenbergh onered the follow- ing resolution, wkasa waa adopted —Resolved, That tbe Mayor h e requested w>offer a reward of S2M for tbe apprehension and aeiivery of tbe party ar parties guilty of the murder of fee female found to the watersoftbeHudsonriver,neartheCanarddockTO THE BDtTOB OF THE HERALD.Kan Voan, April 10,1800Tbe body of a female found in the water fronting York Capv. G B Cornish, of the ship Emerald Isle, and street, Jersey City, may possibly be that of the ~Baron Guido de Grabsw, Prussian Minister to Washing ton. a stopping at the Bre voort House.Wway of *1*^* Z, - t ^ s a r o t o A N e w Ortoaaa under"2^w-Taa.prSSVT"toST'atabn^anua^ t^L^S^^ee^BBBbe putinthtorumorthantbe if"** Iftl, Khtohts of the Golden Chcle, which 1 {Tkavebetagottenupoar,asaYankeeswmdto.Wax Cass SBTTLBD—The anil Sf Stiles Park. bat validity o< which waa caput* J, hta 1 by tbe =upeior Court inI'toton atNorwich.Coon TheamountiTorred was tas,wM, aato a provataa sf tka will decUreuthat aaae of tbe aaaaey abnakt ss applied to aay m innerMa baby. FOCSDVerdictto—Tbe body of a manANorth river Wednesday so doubtaatothe Coroner Scbiraaer held roasr JaekmanraoatringbytheFair.7d.STATEOFTBADEATXAXCHSSTKH.The Manchester trade report says there has been no change since Tuesday There has bees a steady business in cloths at full prices.LIVERPOOL BBEAJiBTCrFS MARKET.Messrs. Richardson. Spence & Co. report tbe marketNew Orleans,„ 7?4d. 7UO.Uplandsfor breadstuns quiet b u t steady.LITERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.The Lrverpool proTistoc market to inactive b a t steadyHopes are <••BWW www.fultonhistory.com 