 fo*rney," bymi •CHMrfcy^ ^ gNEmitORK: m m ?l*l'fTRIBUIPJ, SiTUBPAr.«~iii»on, th« latter notea by Diw •nrely praise* lofthrilling>wnuntilwe narrative • £thafortilwfci*coveredfat ager contri- »hcd for th* i edittoa «Conttre*y«• and confirmcare'sgrand* fhi*pap-sr^ newsofthat Sied shekas jtwtooW ttingth*h»- ays. At tit*Kendriek ide-^-a frag- discoveredrot lintel of av *eatStrait- tcealediathei wring cleseil haW{»ear***established* aiag o»od a s vegetation ind retica Woldostaadirx.<ts in Franco ^crarj meau a late vi«i*at which, varies, nana seat " Acad- p-wouldap- re.Ja collection ash,apubb* the present held inro-enlighfceaed, ^rodaetioae^ >ythelatab t raveJers ctum"AhtSo great k ] tat-r? editio*Glaoiera, the irav- xoaps aad1-rongHoat •*i as a'push*voluminous- l i r a , " "Wild jssrs. Chap- tely a n d l a - Eribations to i. Month a t rare of Meat T-; taken aatod that the effect is " a s thoagh another Nineveh h a dCITY IMPROVEMENTS. i ^ S • • ••••:thehalf .ore*.of Mr- Scattergoed a more aar- viiliers,** a the famous v.*il acquire -feet extant ireantOeand owing for a coiiHtracUr* ost farorabla end in a col- mdl Bowly*^—A very earnest, if not a very lively, controversy have already been erected thereon. Scattered throughhasbeen'keptnpforsomethreeorfourmonthsbe- Worthstreet,Leonardstreet,Franklinstreetandtween some of our artists and art critics, on the subject Walker street, are pcveral ftately edifices, which con-of nudity in art. The female statues of Palmer, aud- trast strangely with the old-fashioned, peaked-roofedAmong the New-Yorkers Who have built mansions " Terra Firma" to conclude that if anything in. bis arid improved grounds here, w'ithin several years past, Greatcareistakeninitsconstruction,andastheBank pletelyremodeledandconvertedintowarehouses,ata communicationofMay31wasnotrepliedorreferred, maybementionedthenamesof.Mr.Ball,ofthefirm of.Ball, Black & Co.; Mr. Aaron P . Jones, formerly of the firm of Marsh & Jones of Wall street; .Messrs.iiairrationa nnth of Mahea for tone ud the roach. ledical prao- ir_'con t o a ci"y temper- r-^iner that<fv'tthemla v«-ral thooa- i -uttribut-':h a Londea II riO-abliMhed b y lebaak D i a - >rtfolio,"hyi«-r writer*, ?! isfoundto rijdged and ratircprint- [novelswfcat&on the t&fe'J1 *riou» timess even mora ce than the writing—soon be la*.i unnoticed n'a Ilerodo- estabhghed»r work ©f csan People goftoewords, l a . abic mano- rnvtl to the •eseatday-—that in the rinsofearly l a d t r i b e * o fEuphrates, languages, an Arab ofiBviromaa- **rvatk>nof into Arabic, tM&tlOnS SOU natation ofbook* thenV >m ajperiodt h e e r a o f its earliest ud ths re- rorld. T h e we three—Katbami pying aboatPoison*/* - < eats from aiof the Sua -inaathori- iitforded b yi«in subjec- Cherolsoft yi *appose* or jdtepberd;. To non- ior inyeeti-iveniaaa rktian. Re*-aitd appsvwith the tk scholar stmberofiuipoeeihle Ucrasetre^32 feet front, and 75 feet deep. On Nos. 22, 24, and 26in the same street, A. T . Stewart has erected an addi-tion to his warehoupe of 75 feet wide and 80 feet deep,with marble front. On Noei 58, 30, 32. 34, 76, 73, 96, mands of business, and its site is now graced by a 98,100, and 102 fine stores, with marble.fronts, have$40,000.The building corner of Broadway and WashingtonIIhrehneas as well as seriousness. Lord Haddo, a Scotch Presbyterian, has brought the matter-before the British Parliament, in a resolution intended to prevent aude models being used by artists. Happily for the cause of art in England, Lord Haddo's prudery was laughe-i' e a t of countenance by bis more sen*ible fellow mem- bers of Parliament. A s Th*-London Examiner very polity said, the same nicety that would exclude a nude model from the artist's studio would prevent the dia-has been bought up by some of our far- seeing merchants. On lots Nos. 18 and 20 Reade street have been erected two stores with marble fronts six stories high,Messrs. Thos. Snffern' & C o . a r e about erecting a marble-front 'store, 40 feet front by 100 feet deep, a t a cost of about $80,000.' Workmen are now digging the cellar.-v! >structed on the outer line of.the city grants, necessarily gave the right to make slips, &c, beyond the city'i'; 5C4%.almost as much time in their demolition as some of the ing-snloon and gambling-house, has been completely'.'• .«r:present day might take some valuable lessons as to the substantial manner in which a great proportion o these old buildings were constructed.Within the past five years Broadway has been im -about$50;000. • •''•"''I •'.'•• Dr. Bostwick ieabout erectingon lot No- 504 Broad-end T suppore your confinement will tend t o aggravate yowr illneffi. I trust it may not grow serious, and put your life in danger, for we all want tolive a few years longer to see the over. throw of our great enemy—tiw Slave Power. I applaud your-•ll.^l..«l,.»li1 V7www•fLjia»tu ^"?ii_••)'w,-.«j»f-^...." i.^I*" J ' " ' '11. j.. " wmm& •'Jftiaalated-depoaatsofa^esandriwnfromUsashesto•^eaadisiaterred. o r BabyIon itaelf had cast off Lheaooa-:•ge&dmitsplaceinthehistoryofthewoild.".,t*^sT» Walter White," andaanounces a new book " All JUand theWrekia," from his osual pabliahers, Messrs. Qbapman & HalLand Dey streets, on the west side, increased facilities for business, and without delay purchased the moatdisplay, is stillinthe hands ofcontractors, masons, aheavypediment. Thebuildingist50feetwide,and carpenters, cellar-diggers, and hod-camera, and there SCOfeet deep, extending to Mercer street. Itwillcoflt'.' Mr. Hyatt's course was a wise one, then his legal"counsel,Mr.Andrew,Dr.Howe,John Brown, jrli permiesionto fillin earth,tank piers,makewharves;4< and Mr. Saoborn were wanting in wisdom and slips, & c The only object and d^ot''iihe].$ca&ia'to "age*,'<>'for, of course, itis absurd to assume^tbAt give this permission* If this peimiesion is given di-45fea» a n who " has traveled a good deal, read a good deal,Alittlehigher,ontheoppositesideofthestreet,;the l> their rights, quite as respectable as.his," ^ ' mCo., the public may confidently look forward to a de- aghtial book of Sommer reading. T h e author has keen fighting since 1834, often single-handed, panthers; of the struggle on this point. I f I can b e of any service t o yon i n, your imprisonment, command me in a n y way. It U potrible 1 of tho city grant. If so, the legal presumption is. .;•,•.affippggg5 and'woodj with- roof in the French style. The orna- front, in the Itaiian:B^Ie.1^Ithas:fiiye:stonea-; the* first THADDEUB HYATT'rlN CONTINUATION consider that the giant of land. under a n d ahove wa- mentsand.letteringontheoutside.are;mthemfr consistsofsixarchesrestingonironcolumns,^the.two TtttoE^tfTtiKY:Tr<biuu. teraremateriailydifferentintheirnatowa. Ofthe^»» ^>»>• -,<*.+jm+m-m*~*m*fo+******** *mt+********y*Vj <r^«o>«wfW^V%<>^iMW»^wry»^t*»w»rtyi»(.w^^«v^w , -*••.•-••v •.VT~-*>fi "*-»WW •N'l•f the habitual subordination to a very limited range of new locations, yet little time elapsed before the bugle feet* and ideas; thus the writer speaks of " American notes of the March of Improvement struck upon the Dissenters," is dissatisfied because there is not a " little, ear of numerous other denizens of the low, narrow, more Greek " in the lectures, (like the country congi«- and dingy down-town streets,-when they too fell into gatioa ** who paid for the best"), and can't abide the the ranks. T,he easy means of communication-with wet*" AngBcan" applied to language, because ^wt the various transportation companies, which had their are so accustomed to ic in a purely ecclesiastical offices mainly on the west side, was now seen and sense;" theseandsimilar fktuitW are evidence admittedgenerally,andnoemailproportionofour•afs "prentice hand," who is scarcely competent XA merchants were seized with the migratory fever.jprasp the profound and varied scholarship of M r. Beibro' the grading of the streets above; men-for a month past, w a s a very substantial structure. the neighborhood and a disgrace to the street.—Ia. Capt* Sbakespeare's " Wdd Sports of India,*tjraimy thus to imprison a fxa« citizen, and it will soon call up menselyimproved,and,onthesitesofoldandfamiliar adepthof-200feet;Thebuildingwillbeintheformof ihepopularindigustion.agaiuHtthosewho areresponsibleforitelegant warehouses. - F o r nearly three-years there newprintingfromearlysheetsbyMessrs.Ticknorand wasnorelaxationintheupwardmovementamonglandmarks,elegantandcostlystructures,havetheir" anL,withafrontof62feetonCrosbystreet. Itwill ButjtistnowthepeoplearenotAillyarousedtotheimportance. theexteriorstreet,whichtheyjustyconsidertherecently been erected. O n lets Nos. 69, 75, 130, 132j •eetkm of a naked subject in a surgical college. The , 134, 136,138, 140, and 142 Duane street/ marble andstately store of fine architectural finish. The property is owned by James R . Whiting, esq., who expendedpurchasers, who have located themselves, for the mostgreat fault of our own artists is, that they draw too fittle, and noi too much, in what is called the " life aehoeL"brick-front stores have been put up by various parties, eachbuildingcostingfrom$40,000to"|;60;000.Avery handsomeblock'ofbuildings,withwhitemarblefrontswhite-marble front is in the Norman style, striking in cost about $40,000..itseffect,andpresentinganaopearanceofgreatsub- Averyelegantmarblefrontbuildinghasrecently grant.Towhich,"TerraFirma,"inhissecondcom--iroad,thesuccessortotheestateofThomasPowell,of stantiality.Thebuildingisintheformoftheletter beencompletedatNo.758Broadway,designedfor municationinTHETRIBUNEofthe6th,announces,inIriversteamerconnections.Airiongthesemaybemen-—A great change has taken place in the migratory and of the uniform bight of five stories are rapidly habits of our landscape artists during the past few approaching completion on Worth and Church streets, Summers. They resort more to the sea-side and lesa on the site of the old church. The block comprises six**>themountainsfortheirstudiesthanwastheirwont, stores,commencing onWorthstreetattheMoffat and there is a prospect of there being " water, water Building and terminating on Church street. Messrs.erverywhere," by-and-by in our exhibitions. Mr. Paton <fcCo., W. A. KeUletass, and Messrs. Walker Bradford of New-Bedford, whose marine painting in & Penman have nearly completed three fine stores onthe Exhibition of the Academy this year has excited Leonard street. All of the buildings on these side considerableattention,hasgonebacktotheBaystreetsare•constructedinthemostsubstantialandsubsiance, tliat the law of 1803, -which gives the City'] tiond the names of Mr. Butler, the author of J" Flora The quaint structure at the corner of Broadway and the right " to fill up, alter, or amend any public slip,?.?! McFlimsy;" Professor C. S. Henry, formerly of theMIGRATION OFTHE MERCANTILE COM- •-'-MUNITY.^dievalstyle,.and,thestructureis.eqneidered,byj-;aa^ archesinthecenterbeingforshowWindows,andlife SIK: THETKIBUKEeaya"anumberoftrii n>st^therecanhene'>i6<K*povtetsui—no^a«tial3«Wy itectetobewithoutexceptiontbe^xaoetbeautifulofthe othersfordoorways. Thewindowsoftheupperato- '*weresummonedtoWashingtontotestify,"; *'som ofsekin. 'Piactjcally, itisasintangible-asa fran-V v ~-Mr. White, whoee popular Autumn Tonrsin va- WJDENXXG O F STREETS—JBltECTION O F MARBLE kind in.thc State. The building cost about $80,000. riee are also- arched^ and have ornamental cape and ^responded to the summons," "others declined chise, andin and of it/self, as land amle^rwaferrgaiA>rly xkmapartsofEngland,"TotheLand'sEnd,:N<'York- PALACES—REGENERATION OF BROADWAY.; ' Broadway,whichisacknowledgedonallsidestohe' architraves',andterminateinmolded'8in-<K>ursesiwhich "maketheirappearance^" "Mr.Hyattneither.stay yaluelees.Theveryterms,grant oflandunder, iifaUr.ahhe,""B«rthambermad,«'anduTheScotishBor- Sixorsevenyearsago,afewofburwholesaledry- themostelegantthoroughfareinanycityonthisside extendacrossthebuilding.Thefifthstoryterminates "away,norappearedtotestify,butwentforwardj? arecalculatedtomisleadasifitwereadeednofa •er," have had arach sneceas, no^ appettra as " T h e goods merchants discovered in the widening of Liberty of the Atlantic' in point of architectural beauty and with arich iron cornice of trusses and medalions, and (befoxe the Senate),", V and refused to ansvyer.^ : | W hbnse or % farm; whereas it is nothmghut aKfi^e «feligible property en thoee streets, selecting lots as near is not the'least hope to be entertained that building abouf$90,000. y%V&0irt&4^ %0M: . • \Broadway as possible. While the widening was in operations on this street will eyer cease. * Immediately adjoining, a first-class building, extend- V the three different courses which have been* taketi rectly, does it not obviously amount to the same thing 35»gKahLangnage"inthela»tnumberofThe Satur- progress,theycommencedtheerectionofwarehouses Insomepartsofthethoroughfare,oldbutsubstan- ingtoMercerstreet,isatpresentbeingerected. It "canallberightandmanly." I*We.believeth^ aswhengivenhadirectlybymeansofagrantofthe!f~DnepraieeMdoy Review. The, writer appreciates-the value a n d noveltyofthelecture*,andspeaksofMr.Marshasaproperlygradedandpaved,anumberof.elegantly- places.Manyoftheedificeswhichhavewithstoodsodthoughtagooddeal,"andacknowledgesthe finishedmarble-frontstores,adornedthenewthor- theelementsforhalfacenturyandupward,occupy buildingNo.'474,formanyyearsoccupiedasadrink- THE TRIBUNK havingthushandsomelyindorse^markable specimen of " provinciality " of mind, and tions indulged inas to their probable success in their which has been under the care of numerous laborers voutly wished for, asthe place was foftnerly a pest toon a more liberal scale than those they had long occu- tial buildingsare continually in process of demolition, will have a marble front on Broadway, arid will cost " sense of what is due to themselves is quite as keen, land under water? ^piedfnriherdowntown,and.erethestreetswere, andcostlyandmagnificentstructuresgoingupintheirabout$50,000. ^ ^ l_=• i "theirjudgmentastowhatitwasbesttodotoassertTheCitydefendsitsrighttoitspiers,wharves,and slipsonanotherground.Ithasbuiltthemonthe State grounds under a contract with the,,Sta%j in which the State gives them the wharfage a n d shpige in consideration o f t h e expense o f building. 5''"T! wy|have thus become the private property of the City an-j der the sanction ofthe State, and cannot be taken a? -ay from it "without just compensation."The City defends its made lands, because the St ate gave it permission to fill in earth upon her land under water. Thegrantoftheueeofathingwhichisriecesr tarilydestroyedintheusing(e.g.,articlesoffood]is a grant of ihe thing itself. This is a truth obvJpoito common sense, and recogriisced by cc4nnaon Iaw» .Bill- inguplandsunderwaternecessarilydestroysthemaslands underwater; and when the State granted City permission so to use/ them, she necessarily gdve them to the city.The Harbor Commissioners report, tbat t&« City filled in a large space a t the foot of Dey street, bey-oughfares.Those'who migrated were pronounced by their friends modern buildings do in their erection^ The old build- remodeled, at a coefof about $8,000. The change; in witnesses. Let us then first consider Mr. SANBORH'Sthese gentlemen, I introduce them as unobjectionable; deringthisjustice,thereview,iainmanypoints'are- crazy,andmanypredictionsweremadeandspecula- ingonthecornerofWhitestreetandBroadway, thiBbuildingisaconsummation'thathaslongbeende- OPINIONOF;HYATT'SCOURSE: . !!{isarty earnestness of the hook, arising from a thorough andexstanding of, and love for his subject, While ren-tioned w a s completed, both sides of eachfrom Broadway to Greenwich street were lined withway an A 1 warehouee. The property has a frontage fmrpote trcr TOviBt.x> to tho Senate / land *m sure they will Rive | of 47 feet on Broadway, and extends; to Croeby^stroet, up the point if you insist upon your position! I t is a monstrousbusiness men, and the Third Ward, which, only eight orten yars ago,waseschewed by merchantsand abandoned t o private dwellings; boarding-houses, andfoundation.cost in the neighborhood of $161i000.At No. 538 Broadway a five-story building, with a:- .. K---'mF . B . SANBORN. /. t ; .iand tigers, wild elephants and bears, bufialos and hotels, was taken poasefsion of completely by the zantine style. It was laid out for Insurance -offieea,hoars, and adds an odd dash of devotional feeling to the mercantile community. The extension of Park place, and cost about $28,000. . [•/ "-mereusual mere "Gordon Cummingsh-love of slangh-ler.'* O n Sunday, h e telle u s , " h e never kills a n y through that venerable* landmark, Columbia College On the southwest corner of Broadway and Fultonanimalsexceptthetiger,'andhedevoutlyexpresses grounds,offeredeligiblesites,whichwerepurchasedat streetamarble-frontbuildinghasrecentlybeencom-cost of about $40,000. .".-.The magnificent marble-front, building on t h e south-west corner of. Broadway a n d Prince street, which wascommencedbyBall,Black&Co.earlylastFall, is nearly completed, and will probably be ready for oc- cupancy in August. T h e material is white marble,,The above letter," it will be observed, was written.hie gratitude on one occasion that he had been the ** avenger constituted by Him who ordains all things, toalmost fabulous prices, and the Dutch-looking, peaked- roofed, dormer-windowed honees^—mementos of half apleted a t a cost o f about $10,000.. T h e frontage onand about a fortnight before his own troubles. Nowj- let us hear what Mr. Sanborn has to say after his fight atConcord:. / k''-•';/ CONCORD, April 80, I860. | M r DUAR SIR: I ought before this to have answered your good and cheerful letter of the 11th, b u t press of business must be m ythat the title of these made lands belongs to the State. Theywerenotappointedforthepurposeofdeciding this question; they evidently had not examined the. subject, and their opinion is worth just a s mach and no more than that of any one of five hundred gentie-•laythesetigers,andtosavefurtherlossofbumaulife." centuryormoreago—inVeseystreet,Barclay-street,His experience proves the extraordinary tenacity of fifeinthetiger,andthattheyarestilldangerousand capable of killing a man with their skullsshattered and their brains peneyated with a rifle ball.—Three candidatesfor theBoden Professorshipof ingfromthelatticedwindows,andoccasionally,during deep.I t presents a front ofSanscrit, vacant by the death of Prof. II. H . Wilson,axe spoken of—-Prof. Max Mailer, M r. Monier Wil-ham* (author of a Sanscrit Grammar), and Mr.Bal-huatyne, Principal of the University a t Beuare*, au-the Summer and Winter evenings, there might have '•'•', On the site of the building comer of Broadway and-portico. The building from foundation to roof, is in to perpetual imprisonment for a principle, and that the most cacr<>d known in our politics—the principle ot individual freedom every respect fire-proof. The beams are.of wrought —I do not see how you can be kept where yon arc at the risk of out- iron, between which are thrown brick arches, the. raging all honest public sentiment. But for the present, the quar- reltomepoliticians will neglect both you and me, and I wish youPark place, Mnrray, Warren, and Chambers streets,betweenBroadway,Churchstreet,Collegeplaoe,andGreenwich street, have given place to marble andbrown-etone-front edifices. In days long putt and ing erected by Mr. Willonghby at a cost of about $50,- gone,happy,smilingfaces,mighthavebeenseenpeep- 000. Thebuildingwillbe25feetfrontby100feetexaminationexpressedthesame. . i•'NEW-YORKERS ATIm '•NEWBURQH.been heard the sounds of revelry and mirth—ITie mnnic of rweet luteo,'And the murmur of low fountains."Murray street, now occupied by Messrs. Ball, Black 6c i Co., an ekgant building will soon be erected by the Importers and Traders' Banking Company, at a costwhole being supported by iron girders. T h e flooring wcro as much a t ease i n this regard a s I am. 1 am glad you a mwell, wad find so many sources of amusement and occupation.'' X\ -of late by a considerable number of prominent andlosophy.** York. ' Now, all is bustle and confusion, and great are vacated by B., B. <fe Co., the work of demolition —The library of Alexander von Humboldt, after all stacks of merchandise meet the eye in every direction. .will commence, and it is intended to commence thevaults in the cellar will be devoted to the storage of ances of vermin, and tho like. With much regard, believe me'everyourstruly, F.B.SANBORN. northernpartofthevillage,wheretheslopeiegradual,silver ware belonging to persons who are about going to the country, or making a foreign tour. The base- ment will be used for the reception of goods, and the first floor, which forms one large apartment 51x100,will be used as a jewelry store. The second floor will leave for a concluding arficle what further I have to and magnificent landscape gardening of the residences be devoted to clocks and bronzes, the third to gas fix- say, and also what others of the " Martyr Family " and grounds of so many wealthy people concentratedhooks are of the moei valuable and expensive de- soription. The sale, piecemeal, of the collection willhe made toward the end of the present year.With the panic cf 1857 came a cessation in improve- ers and Traders' Bank, and the remainder of the build-turcc, the fourth to the manufacture of jewelry, and the fifth and sixth to the manufacture of silver ware. The cost of the building,'when fully completed,-will not fall short of $200,000.have said about this case. Washington Jail, May 30, I860.THADDECS HY A TT. | . \ ,.. IARTITEMS.The large building adjoining the Metropolitan Hotel, and for many years occupied as a racket-court, and ,33^ feet on the former street, and 100feet onthe latter. club-house by a company of gentlemen, has been com-——•—r 1 mnew town has gro-wn. >fhe Venuses of Page were tbe; cause of this agitation;and how the matter baa been decided, or whother therehas been any d«ci«ion a t all in regard to the merits ofthe ease, except by the not-at-all fastidious public, on the north side. Numerous fine buildings have been whkh always likes anything that is goaduntil April next to complete the structure. The base-ment floor will be rented to Insurance Companies, andall the other stories, except the first floor, which is tobeoccupiedbytheBank,willbearrangedforoffices. thatwillcostupwardof$75,000. Thelotis25feet The estimated cost ie $80,000. • *and beautiful, we do not know. But,the subjectofnudityinarthaslately been discussederected in Chambers street, opposite the Park, and in other streets on the east aide, but sites- on the west side of Broadway seem to be the most songht after forThe adjoining lot, No. 295, is a t present unoccupied, butarrangementsareinprogress,weunderstand,to build thereon shortly.by100. / ',<-A four-story marble-front building has just been com-in a very high quarter with a good deal of eligibility, and property as'high up as Bleecker streetpletedatNo.650Broadway,atacostofabout$20,000. The building corner of Broadway arid Bond street On the lot in front of the New-York Hospital, has been remodeled throughout and now presents a front .on the former thoroughfare Of Albert freestone. '. At No. 680 Broadway a neat; marble-front store, 25x50, has just been completed a t a cost of $30,000 orlands under water, and take the wharfage and slipagei' sculptor; Mr. Charles Downing, brother of the dis- thereof..'.. g .-,; ..;.-..';. ;;'-'i: -'.' '"';'"'- '':~ '.'.|;;;-ofc| tinguished horticnhuralist; the Hon. D. B. St. John, Second .• That each permission is in effect a grant-of:; formerly Superintendent of the Banking Department the lands under water oh which such lanct, piersi aridj of the State; Mr. Priest, of the firm of Wilmerdinge, slips are made. . • ' ; "..--'' jjj| Priest So Mount; Mr. Delano, of- the firm of Griunell,The first position, was first suggested by "Terra? Minturn & Co.; Hv. Doming, late Pre*id«nt-~of the Firma's" question in his first communication—Whether^ Union Bank; Brownlee Browne, esq., who is known the.right to. fill o u t lots a n d Blips gave the City the; »to the literary world; Mr. Gordon, and Mr. Clarkscra.In lien of sinHiDg faces are to be'seen sober, calculatingfoundaticn during the month of August. The structureT . HTATT.-esq.- ' < ';: yet so steep that street behind street rises with unob- The fair-minded reader will thus see that my friend structed view,, has been almost exclusively settled by-fte bootless talk about securing it for America, ha*seen definitely sold to Messrs. A. Asher &. Co., thewell-knownbooksellersofBerlic. Itcontainsabrat.thither;andinplaceofrevelryandmirth,wenow frontof25feetonBroadwayand100feetonMurray 10,000 volumes, and many of the presentation copies of hear the great swelling roar of metropolitan traffic street. The first floor will be occupied by the Import-Sanborn has not /by even his wise course, which'Tux;TRIBUNE so heartily applauds, escaped thejeers of thej them. The town of Newburgh has extended itself unthinking, or the msmuationiB of groveling minds. M chiefly in this direction; and the unique architecturemerchants and'clerks, in eager haste passinghither andwill be of marble, partly lire-proof, and will prceent_aments generally throughout t h e city, but, during the last two years, the march has been again, resumed, and great encroachments have been made by onr mercan- tile community in the Fifth Ward. A ll th e eligible sites afforded by the widening of Peade. and Duane streets have been purchased, and many fine storesing devoted to offices.!in a rural ne ghborhood constitute a fit monument tothe life and labors of the lamented A. J. Downing,houses alofrg side of which they stand. -Reade street, on both sides of Broadway, has been widened 522 feet, the extra width havi»gT>een taken from the propertystreet, Mr. Astor is about erecting a first-class storeright in supposing that the argument as. to the legalright of the City to the made lands rests upon: two •positions: : . -;'!, First.- Tlsat the Statehas authorized 'the City to fill in, sink piers, and make wharves and slips upon itsBarclay and It. E . Skeel, recently retired merchants^ Judge Sherman, for some time prominently con- nected with the Cumberland Coal Cornpany; Dr. Sheltoh; Judge Brown of the Supreme Court of the State;, W . E . Warren, Deputy Controller of New-York City; H . K . Brown, theHotel," are now being demolished, but the plans for Maine,andhasalreadygiventhepublicnumer- thestorestobeerectedontheirsitesarenotyetcom- deeper.turned to the Bay State, and i s sketching in the neigh- borhood of Hin£ham.—Mr. Thomas Hieks, who painted a portrait of M r .Seward before the Chicago Convention, has now gonedays. Mr. Sheel has an elegant wooden house,*darkl colored, on the other side of the lane, very much i:Priday.—Mr. Leutze, who has been spending a few week*)b e e f f e c t e d t b e m i s e r a b l e d e n s a n d g r o g g c r i e s o n t h i s street which have long been a pest to the city will beS . D . B a b c o c k , a n d . p r e s e n t a m a r b l e f r o n t a g e o f 7 2feet on Broadway, and 176 feet on White street. ' T h estyle of architecture is Italian. The sill course of thesecond ttory is ornamented with panels and balusters,5 0 , 0 0 0 Trudeuruen'8 Bank...... 80,000 Dr. Bosiwick......;.:.. 161,000o f s l o o p s a n d o t h e r v e s s e l s u s i n g t h e t r a d e o f t h e O i . ( y l & 'and also, at their own expense, to cause such andkso]many other basins to be.formed and completed inthe'said. City as. they may deem necessary Jor tlie trade1n o r t h a n d w e s t o f t h e m o r e t h i c k l y - s e t t l e d s u b u r b s , a n d has a massive and enduring-appearance.Coming back toward the town, we pass the Powellfe» Fredericksburg, Va.,ba* taken a room at Cozzens's, broken up. 'TI.OB. S»CWli &.: Co 80,000 No. 538 BrottdWay JfifficD R . Wbitin{, eBg..200,000 Ball, Black fc/Co Broadwny and Leonard, Irving Buildiiig.south-east comer.... 15,000 Mr. Astor..Mr. Mbffoi ]20,U0f) No. 650 Broadway4/»,000 .200,000 20,000 75,000and will spend the Summer months at West Point.' —Mr. Church evinces almost as much invention in bestowing names upon bis pictures as he doe* in pam£* » g t h # m . " Twilight in the Wilderness," the title ofOn the lot corner of Howard and Mercer streets, 30thereof,and to take to their man use ttiC slipage and20,000 wharfage arising from the same." ' Ti ton bouse which has not yet opened; within threeHeart of the AJades;" and there are many who think the new picture is the better one of the two. It has, • w i t h o u t a d o u b t , m o r e p o e t i c a l f e e l i n g a n d u n i t y o f design, and, in certain parts, has never been excelledManors. SuflVrn & Co.. .140,000 Mc-hsrs.Lordit Taylor .100,000Total.ane, Leonard, Canal, Mercer, and otherby any of bis previous performances. Now, that he marble-front ntore tbat will cost about $15,000. ''AnizoNA CONTRACTS.—Oar Arizona correspondent,writing from.Tueaon, says: "The Cov.ode Iuvestigat- to till out beyond their.grantj reets, first, upon the a u | isprole, formerly chaplain of the Military Academy a thas finished .this picture, he will probably go to work npon bis studies of Icebergs, which h e brought from Newfoundland lastyear,andgiveusacompositionof Ocean grandeurs worthy of a companionship with hisAt No. 19 Mercer street, on aiot 25 by 100 feet, Mr. S. B. ^Ithouse is erecting a first-class store, that will cost,whencompleted,intheneighborhoodof$25,000.in^ Committee would do well to turn their attention, while., in session, to th e swindle upon the Treasury consequentuponthenewsysemoflettingcontractsla-thorny given by the act of J813, to till out lots fronting! West Point. v .\paintingsweredestroyed.: — W e understand tbat Mr. Evans, who has beenabout$45,000. , etbre75feetfrontby100'feet deep, and-the cellaris awardedallthecontractsforsuppliestothenewposts, lirut proposition—that the-'State hasauthorizedthe dridgc,ofChatham;Mass., Mysthe.decea^^ OnthecornerofBroomeandGreene,streets,two nowbeingdug. Itwillpresentafrontageofmarble undertheseinstructions,whichwillgivethemtheWis- Citytofillin,sinkpiers,andmakewharvesandslips' dentlysomelancholyastohemsanaiiandpersisted,eoon bctli streets, and will cost from $130,000 to burfe'ement of over half a million of dollars during the upon its land under water, aud take the wharfage arid long ashe knew anything, to ..wfh^/ioj^^^a liv marble-front stores are soon to be put up at a cost of tlius seventy-eight days, except that during rhehv-,nection with that picture. A most interesting collec-tion might be made of his earlier paintings, which wouldhaveapeculiarinterestasshowingthemarkedchanges in his style, and the effects of his different been determined upon.with great anxiety by his relatives, and they ft entirely certain tbat at no time, either by night or b day,didhe receiveanynourishment,exoept^asabov*preme Court which ia no authority^ and oniy entxtjedl staud; and excepting also the;teld% of^a^gle ter toropect,asweare'informed;fromwhomitcomes, spoonfulofnourishmentintwoorthreeinstarii-es..methods of eoler. H i s earlier pictures are among theOnthesouth-cast corner ofHouston andGreenegroundalonewas$200,000. Thebuildingisfivestories peopleoftheTerjitory, it.may well,bo questioned inhight,.fronts85feetonJJroadway and100feeton whethertheSecjetaryofWarcahresorttesuchuojustof nearly all the property on Howard street between Broadway and Elm street, the sites being deemedRECAPITULA TION.toIBinoisto paint a portrait of "HonestOldAbe."HeleftfortieresidenceofthenextPresidenton desirableforwarehouses. Assoonasthepurchasecan completion. TheyareownedbyMathewMorganand Mr.feam'lWillonghby..60,000No.474Broadway8,000 soastoformabasinforthesafetyandaccommodation^ perchedonthetopofahighhill,somedistancetoth^front fctore, which will co3t in the neighborhood of $41,000. / ."ments, in keeping with the general style of the struc- ture. Bothbuildingscostabout$150,000.Metthrn. WW'lock «nd La- No. 724? Broadway. 42,000 throp it. Wilkinson.. 20,f00 Wm. GiWon.......' 40,000As to that branch of the first proposition which as-'Adjoining, on cither street, Mr. Spies Is alxmtto put' his new landscape, is almost as good a name as " The up a store which will cost about $10,000. The buiding as Thomson's Saloon, has been re-modeled and con- No. 891 Broadway . 40,000willbeinth'eform ofan L,with 40feetoffrontage on Howard street and 22 feet on Mercer street.O n a l o t 1 8 f e e t f r o n t b y .60 f e e t d e e p , a d j o i n i n g o n Mercer street, M r. A. T . Stewart is ab«,ut erecting averted intoawholesale jobbing-liouue. It is90feet deeper than formerly, and extends in the form of an L , t o F r a n k l i n s t r e e t . C o s t $ 4 5 , 0 0 0 .On the north-east corner of Broadwar and Canal*/streets, half a dozen buildings that have'withstood the elements for.the last half centuiy, are now in process ofdtmolition,andseveralelegantstoreswillbeerectedstreets..2,000,000- ...$5,134,000outpiers at rightangles.to theexterior streets,are deemed conclusive. V- 4;' T h e o t h e r b r a n c h o f t h e p r o p o s i t i o n w h i c h c l a i m s , for the City, under the authority of the State, the rightInconsequenceoftheimpetus given bythisinflux of wealth, a new Presbyterian Church, very large m d i m e n s i o n s a n d a t t r a c t i v e i n a r c h i t e c t u r e ; h a s l a t e l y been completed, and is under the care of the Rev. DT.On the corner of Broome and Mercer streets. Judge will cost about $40,000..ocratic politicians therein named, and pay no attention !.*and amend all public slips," it would seem to follow ;o bids from other sources. These tw o gentlemen, it that, the City hue the permission of the State tofill outCONCOR», Mass., March 21,1S60. MTDKAR S m : Thon«h I scaro«ly c a n claim aoquaiittauco with you, I know you will allow me t o do so' now when you arocouldjbe,madeastowhenthebuildingwouldberazed, thecellar,butoperationshave,withinthepastfort- yourcase,andyourreplytotheSenate. Ithinkyouandyotm counsel have put the matter, so strongly that the whole countryj and in order to save time the walls were pushed down night, been suspended, ae Mr. Gilsey hasopened ne- will prexent.lv nee that you are, in the right. I am surprised ttfcin detached portions after having been ujidermined. gotiations for the adjoining property on Broadway. Fcssenden and others taking the course they have done. Mr,} Sumner's sceech was worthy of himself, and Hale also' spoke!Inthismatterwewouldaddthatthebuilders'ofthe TiebuildingtobeerectedbyMrrGilseywillcost, well..IsmsorrytohearfromMr.Steamshowunwellyouarc|;'Men \yere*at first set to work",picking off the bricksone by one; but^ from the adhesiveness of the mortar(notthemortarofthepresentday),nocalculation Gilsey. Workmensometimeagecommenceddigging chusetts;atanyrateIshalltrythequestionheroiftheSenate!During the past Winter the Messrs. Suydam erecteda fcuratory building a t No. 92 Broadway in the By- ; front of Albert freestone, has just been completed a t athe City has doneit in pursuance ofthe anthorigiven it "to fill slips and lots fronting on the NoKiver, and the burden is on the State to prove tl nine days after my committal to the " common iail,^"; trary. t These Commissioners also express the opi^Broadway is quite email, b u t nearly 200 feet oh Fulton street.t h estructureextendsA portion of the old hotel building, corner of Broad- wayandParkplace,hasbeendemolishedtomake roomforamarble-frontstructure,whichisaboutbe-thorof"ChristianityContrastedwithHindooPhi-Howchangedtheonce"West-End"ofNcw-approximatingto$120,000.Assoonasthepremisesthroughoutwillbeofmarbletiles.Theextensiveshouldchafeandfretinaprison,eveniffreefromyourannoy- wealthyNew-Yorkersastheirplaceofresidence^;TheOn the north-west corner of Broadway and Reade street, the directors of the Tradesmen Bank have now in course of erection an elegant marble-front building, in the Italian style of architecture I f will be four stories and an attic high, and will present a frontage ofTHESTATEvs.THECITY—MADE L^NDSaroundwhoseextensiveandartisticgrounds,andthe'A.little further up, the Broadway Theater, after a brief existence of 11 years,, has succumbed to the de-plaee, for many years occupied, as a confectionaryfalbon,.ie bfiDg remodeled, and will be arranged for a right to go beyond her water-grant7 To which it Was| This year there has becn-a new influx of real, estatedry goods house. • • ; AtNo.724Broadway,preparationsforbuildinga over$200,000intheerectionofthisstore.The store25by75feetareinprogress. Itwillprobablyrejtlied: that the right to fill slips, sink piers, Sec., be-;yondtheexteriorstreetsoftheCitywhicharecon--; part,onthehighridgebackofthevillage,adjoiningandnearto.theextensivegroundsandstatelyresidenceT, with 75 feet, on Broadway, 75 feet on Worth street, stores and offices. Cost about $42,000. and 25 feet on Pearl street.' The extreme depth is 175Thirteenth street, erected by William Gibson, decora- street, until recently occupied by the Appletons, ie u n - The owner designs extending t h e building duringNew-York University; Capt. Strong of the U . S.State to resume his sea-aide sketches. Mr. Gignoux; workmanlike manner, and add greatly to the appear- On lots No. 371 and 375 Broadway, M r. Moffat ia streets by 24 arches, of 18 feet span and 30 feet high applied to slips within the exterior streets of the City,' acres in extent, slightly elevated above the road, suxvwho hasmade some very fine studiesof coast seenerydownEastintheneighborhoodofMonnt Desert, goestothesea-shore againthisSummer. WSbam Hart spent the last season on the coast ofanceofthethoroughfare. aboutto-erecttwo.marble-frontstores,offirst-class. abovethecurb. Thestructurewillbewhollyof mayormaynotbetrue,butitamountstonothingun- Thelotsare25feetfrontby100feetdeep.Costof brick,plateglass,andiron,andpaintedtorepresent tilitisshownthktitappliestonoother. ;||roundsthemansion,whichisoneofthelargestthcrei- about,andiabuiltinthemodernpointedstyle.Op- posite is,tlie residence ofJudge Sherman. Thence the residencesofthegentlemanabovementioned,intheir order, extend to the distance of three-quarters of aSeveral buildings on Walker street, east ef Broad- both about $120,000. The intervening building, the Normandy free-Ktone.To show how full and ample is this power given to,the City to build wharves and slips at its discretion, asway,whichformerly'formedaportionof"Florencefoundationofwhichis'only10feetbelowthecurb,iaSeveralotherimprovementsareinprogressalong the line of Broadway in the wny of altering stores and adaptingthemtothestyleofthepresentday.We understand that A . T . Stewart has purchasedthe entire block bounded by Broadway, Ninth and . plan of laying down two exterior streets, one on each'j street turning not far this side of "The Great Bahm Tenth streets, and Fourth -avenue, on which at some river, on the outer line of the city grants, was' adoptwt | (of Gilead) Tree," which, from its wonderfal'.-dimesi- future day he designs erecting a magnificent ware- aud that it relates to slips and piers hereafter toheij sions, has been a landmark both among visitors a n l house, to which he wm remove his business. made. Of course they must be made beyond the cityj residents from time immemorial."In connection with improvements by our merchants, grants:- - • Mr. Ball has a large place and substantial mansiou we would mention that the lirm of Clatiin, Mellen & th Whereat, frem the great exteusionand increase of on a lane near the water. Tho woods arc so thiefnow being shored up, and the wall carried nine feetto size and locality, I will quote at large the preariable andfirstsectionoftheActofApril2,1806.Letitbej.milenorthwardalongtheriverslope,thelastbeingthjous evidences of the earnest study which he bestowed pleted. On the south-west corner, of Broadway ana White npon thatrocky and picturesque'-region. Dix devotes Commencing at Canal street, both east and west of street, the preeent fine brown-stone five-story building himself wholly to the sea, and Mr. Suydam ha* shown Broadway, numerous buildings wluch were erected is undergoing material alterations and improvements his love for Old Ocean.,in the numerous views he has between a quarter and a bidf century ago, are in pro- by the lessees; Messrs. B. F . Whitlock and Lathrop <fe given as of Narragansett beach. One of the closest cess of demolition. On Canal street,.near Elm, on the Wilkinson. It will hereafter, be used a«$ a jobbing- shservers of sea scenery and moet successful delinea- site of the old Catholic church, Mr. Mathew Morgan house, and the cost and alterations will.be' about tors of coast scenes, is Mr. Allen Gay, whose unob- is about erecting a store. lOO feet square for Devlin, $20,000. * •'.',trusive pictures in the present exhibition of the Acade- the clothier. It will connect with another store onmy have been greatly admired by those who are ca-pableofappreciatingtheirbeanty. He,too,hasre- frontageonbothstreetswillbeofmarble,andthe BroadwayandWhitestreet. Theywillbe-14by100 propertycomprisesfifteenlots,-andthewarehousewill safelyofvesselsofdifferentdescriptions;now,there-,Mr. Wm.'B. Astor is about putting up tw o first- class Btorea on the property on the south corner ofCo. are about erecting a store of mammoth proportions on West Broudway, Worth arid Church streets. TheCity, its trade, and inhabitants, it has become nerepsary to provide addditional wharves, piers, slips,! and undisturbed as almost to remind one of primeThe building No. 359 Broadway, formerly ocenptedmake piers, wharves, and slips beyond their grants, 1 mented with every appurtenance that wealth can de -this act and the act of 1798, giving it the right to run viee. • • / -outhidetbeexteriorstreets,asfarintosaidriversas Further up, in the same street, a warehoase is in on their sites by Mr. Dickie, who holds an extended the Arizona section of the military department. I al- may be deemed expedient for promoting the health of/Niagara,IdsHeartoftheAndes,andhisTwilightia courseoferectionbyMr.E.H.Gilligan,-whichwillcost leaseoftheground. Webelievetbattheplanshave ludedtothiBfraudiumylastletter,andshowedfrom theCity;and,second,,upontheunlimitedpowerof becommencedthepresentSummer. the Wilderness. - about $60,000. The lot is 37x100. The front is of not yet been perfected. One or two other persons be-, official^papers tbat the increased expense in the corn filling np slips given to.it by tho 236and 267 sections—There a r e several very excellent * pictures of the white marble, in the Grecian style. I t will be occu- side Mr. Dickie, are interested in the improvements to contract alone was nearly $3,000 for last year. Since of the act of-1813. If, as I have shown, tho State hasBelgian and German Schools in the " International pied by Leavitt &. Co., for the book trade sales. The be made in this immediate vicinity, and the coat of the then, instructions from the W ar Department have given to the City the right to make slips beyond itsHONEY ritox BUCKWHEAT.—It has been ascerj JfcrtGaUery,"No.694Broadway,cornerofFourth talesrooininthesecondstorywillbeafineapartment, buildingsto.bepnfupwillnotfallshortof$200,000. reachedFortB^charmn,.requiringthe_Commissaryof •grant,'andbythe267sectionoftheactof1813itgives tainedbyexperimentinGermany,sosaysaWrite*with a high ceiling, and all the woodwork id to be of Preparations are in progress to erect upon lot No. black walnut. 391 Broadway, a first-dugs marble-front store, whichSubsistence to let the contracts to two prominent Dem- to the City the unrestricted /power " t o fill up, alter,.that an acre of buckwheat in full bloom wiH yield fourteen pounds* of honey per day.street, whkh have not attracted the auention to whichthey were entitled; and they would have remainedmuch longer unnoticed, probably, but for the circum-stance ci a fire having broken out in the Gallery on Mitchel will soon commence the. erection of a ware- On the south-west corner of Broadway and Grand appears, although both rion-reeidents—one being from beyond its; grant. Tlie three acts, therefore, of 1798, THE STARVING CASE AT CnATiiXK.f^Tto*BjtrMt<*iThursday morning. Unfortunwely several valuable house with a front of Albert freestone. It will cost streets. Messrs. Suffern & Co. are aboat erecting a Maine and'the other from California—have been 1806, and 1813,cover and warrant the whole of the bh Patriot, referTring to the death ofiMjr.vErii^jgn Eleflfhtbiting Page's Venus, is making preparations foran exhibition of a collection of Page's works in con- $80,000, by Mr. A. Arnold. The lots are 75 feet front $140,000. • '•*$;••-"."'•[ '• ;•'...-. present year. Were th-jee contracts let to the lowest tlipage thereof. . I week of hislifehis friends\gave Mm a teaspoonful oby100feetdeep. .,In several othere of these streets on the westerlyOneofthefinestimprovementsonBroadway,isthe bidders,therecanbenodoubtthatthousandsofdollars new store of Lord & Taylor, which has recently been would be saved to^Governmeu», xmd whenwecou-In replyto thesecond propoflition—rthatsuchper- ricewateronceanhour. HisCasehas beenwatchJmimon transfers the legal title—-"Terra Firma" offers side,improvementsar?talkedof,butnothinghasyet completedatacostofabout$180,000. Thecostofthe s'.dertheblightingeffect^thiasystemwillhaveupmthe noargumentwhatever. HecitesadictumoftheSu-most briUiaat mxumpltm of color that he produced, •treets, Mr. S. B. Althouse, of the firm of Althouse & Grand street, and is constructed in the Florentine style means of rewarding pftrty favori'es. If this corrupt and under what circumstances, of all which in thhi easelib stated that for the first^twenty-five days, hisfleshf<whilesomeofh»laterworkshaveBOchangedthat Co.,hasrecentlycompletedabuilding100feetsqnaro, ofarchitecture,elaboratelyornamented,and'.almost movementissufferedtopasswithoutinvestigation,itjweareleftinignorance. Heseemstohebefog^Sl awaybutlittlenthey would hardly he recognized as theproduct of the for manufacturing all kinds ofplaln and fancy wroughtentirely of Eastchester marble.At Nos. 443 and 445 Broadway, Mr. Nicholas.Lud-lam has nearly completed a store with a white marble Untitled Documentwill lead to other acts oi'fraad, which will greatlyre- tard the progress of frontier enterprises^ Ilost his taenta by some technical notions about passing ^ % of l| in-jland. Perhaps it may help hixn out of his difficuity W* gLmove himself at aU.tIe "same penciT..iron-work.The structure is composed of brick, irofi jThe property on thenorth-west corner of Broome street and Broadway ie about t o be improved by Mr.and the style purely Corinthian.51 feet on Broadway, and 100feet on Prince street,,and is six stories in hight, the elevation from the side- are accvtcd.of seeking, but which we wonld both so gladly avoid. Yet 7believethecauseoffreedom iaserved,andwillbe walkbeing100feet..ThefirststoryonBroadwayhasstrengthenedthroughyourmeans,andperhapsthroughmine;three arched openings, each of which is 9^ by 15 feet,end for that comfort can put up with a newspaper renown, and the' goosip of the world. I admire the conttancy you thow, and must think you will soon find yourself at liberty, in spite of the im-; pudentindifferenceoftheSenateandtheRepublicanpartytoyour,is in no particular haste to remove, the builders have cost of $15,000 or $20,000. It is known as the " Irv- to, it was not that it was admitted or was unanswer- V-'*;y " -s.rf,•Theand will contain a single pane of plate glass.frontonBroadwayisornamentedwithaCorinthian realposition. WhenitisonceunderstoodthatyouaresentencedjThetownofNewburgh.situatedonabeautifulslope in full view of t^e scenery of the more mountainous part'of the Highlands; where the Hudson finds its way between £wb frowning promontories, has been selecteding Building.". able, but because it was not deemed worthy of a reply, On lotNo.625 Broadway, extending to Mercer or notmaterial tothe question. ''Terra Firma"is:" in those4 gentlemen a s in Mr. Hyatt. W e believeimprisoned for the name cau>>eas that which I haye adopted. ] l£ I were in WashinRton Ittippcte Ithotddbe committed to the tame jail! But I doubt if the power of the Senate reaches into Massa-jwish to test i t I read with great interest t h e t w o debates,on),may toon find mytelfin your petition.-Yours, truly, TflADnEUSHTATT,esq.,Washington.apology. I have had my school and my garden, tq.work inland along list of new correspondents to answer, for the events of the3d h&ve given me.a taste of the same notoriety' that yoriemd% «.men equally respectable, who has hastily and-withoWtA little 'more modesty might perhaps have ledjdoes not give the City the right to go beyond hergrautitive artist, is rapidly approaching completion. Thisdoesnotmeetmyposition. Admitting(which;!'Army;andProf.Green. Newbuildingsareinpro-f e e t . ' • '..-':...'•••The large building corner of Broadway and LeonardiheSummersoastocovertenlotaofground,andfront to gobeyond theexterior streets,the lawof17981J dergoing material alterations, and will hereafter be which I had in view, does soexpressly. The assertion!occupied for mercantile purposes. The alterations notonly on Broadway and Thirteenth street, but also of "Terra Firma," that the law of 1803 authorizing willcostupwardof$15000. ".'•.'. onFourthavenue.Itwillbesupportedonthethree •theCity"tofillup,alter,oramendANYpublicslip^"Howard ttreet 50 feet front by 100feet deep. Thedesignsaresaidtobeveryelegant. Thecostofboth feeteach,andwillcostjointly$200,000. Thefronts preeeritafrontof100feetonWestBroadwayand ...<;1.Beitenactedbythepeople,^c,thatitShall keepingwiththesurroundinggrounds. Mr.Clurkso:b u i k i n g s w i i l r e a c h a b o u t $ 2 0 0 , 0 0 0 . . *m b o t h s t r e e t s w i l l b e o f w h i t e m a r b l e , h a n d s o m e l y Negotiations are on foot, webelieve, forthe purchase carved, and the design is of the Palladio school.Two large stories fronting on the north-east corner ofBroadwayandWhitestreetarerapidlyapproaching B'wcyandFultoii,s.w.c. 40,000No.447Broadwayfore,a n d m a y b e l a w f u l f o r t h e s a i d M a y o r , A l d e r m e n , a n d ; i s s t i l l e n g a g e d u p o n i m p r o v e m e n t s a b o u t h i s p r e m i s e sCommonalty, a t their own expense, to cause piers to> the building, in the center, being a large, elaborate!be sunk and completed in such places and manner ris! planned, fine brick mansion. Mr. Gordon's dwellin they shall think eligible, between the Whitehall-slip"!by60feet,Mr.A.R.Euoisabouterectingamarble- andmost'ofthewindowsaresurmountedwithpedi- .ty1K.B.A«tor..........200,000No.680Broadway......30.000arrow-flightsofthelongdock,theresidencesofMilRnmedell on the bill, and Mr. Alger (formerly DowniC h u r e h s t r e e t s , , a n d 2 0 0 f e e t o n W o r t h s t r e e t . T h e building will cost about $400,000. . '.- >Mr. Suydam $2{J,0 Nicholaa Ludlam$90,00050,000 andtheeast,sideoftheExchangeslip,inthesaid''City1 isthehighestinthe neighborhood roundabout. ItI m p o r t e r s &. T r a d e r s B ' k 1 2 0 , 0 0 0 M r . G i l u o ydo not) that the law of 1803 does not authorize the City)gress in half a dozen spots.- Dr. Shelton has purchased the residence of the lateCol. Isaac R. Carpenter,, and improved it very much. Aremarkablysmooth,greenundulatinglawnofmanyobserved that this law was passed eight years after the!) cosy little cottage of Mr. Brown, the sculptor, at thiid<and basins in the said City for tho accommodation aridMatthrew Morgan...... .130,000 Clailin,Mellen itCo....400.000 sertsthattheStatehasgranted totheCitytherightto iug'e)oppositeandontheslope,bothofwhichareorna-No. fl. >9 B r o a d w a y . . . . . 45,000 'MntthHw Morgan .200,000 Mr. Dickie, and otbcrn. .20:0,000 Buildings on Reado, Dn-••••••••on the North and Fast Rivers, which are necessarily,A movement is n o w on foot, which, promisee to h» successful,forthebuilding ofa second Episcopal Church, the operatioris on which, it is probable, wil)lWSB&rcastellated residence of his successor (Hr. Alger) thoof Mr. Ramsdell, formerly Presidenjt of the iSrie Bail-blind, and was•i -/tThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 