 I i••IIi*'.;iAnklet*, and all surgical appliances vcientihcaily applied, by Thousand or over for one cent per copy; and the Thou- MAX** a. CO., No. '£ \ c»ev-*u, (oppo»ite ot. Jfaul'*Cnurch)H.xLNVAUDS, TAKE IN'OIICE.—-A bookofabout100 sandmaybemadeupfromthelistabove£iv«ninsuch page*, giving »och inforxustiuu a* will lead to a restoration of quantities of each as the buyer may desire. In smallerdefeated on that ground alone.W e learn that heV*>•*vVxxvCAKtni.TO Unx Ho OTMXR. Whoiessie «nd iittsii Depot. £o. Mi BROAI/MTAY, N. V.Revolutionary Claims, reporteda bill providing for thowttlemeut of the claims of ofii«ew J d soldiera of the 1 the Unitea States been treated by the House of Bopco*.x*•'9i <some sums forthe rent of their dwellings.In hi*RECEIVED Br<:,>•',.InhisMessagetothe Houseof Representatives, Mr, Buchanan says that the time is approachingW a s h i n g t o n . THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.jrla««is into he Union, He deeixed on *Hat an early day.s m S S S & t i , r* * ** *****rjBnsinesa Notice*.AN ARRIVAL FROM CALIFORNIA.QtnwnoxASDR»X.T._Br JCUA Cjuurf RKMHAIU>T. W tut i» the newa from th«s gotdou itaui 7Flow JO»H»th* iir*»t Pacific stand?4)0 bwr rook*, and nanda, and her clay* vitdd gold, Aa thej did la the bouuteou* day» of old?TheGoldenStatekeep*it*oldrepute, Andtheaoortdof th«»rockeriasever mute. Her Water* »tii! flow u they did of old. Andheratre&mawa»hdowntheaparkliaggolJ.YonKladdenmyhearthythenewtyoutell. Fox 1 tov« the iand, ana love it well:Are hex boja, men andmvdtn* i*ul blithe anda And her mothers and wire*—tell me, how are tliey1OUT women are happy in household joy*.And our,atalwaxt men and oar ruddy boy*Are all clad in the clothe*which the great SMITHsend*, Ti» enough; give my love to all absent friend*.gent, and by education a good deal more cultivated, than a large majority of those who pay those hand-those wbo rflW in fl»<»r*i<*.Mr.-KOYCB {E«#, VU, fr«a t*> Committ* «*Foreign Affaijp, report*! ii*i tfreo** Jfow^a^batMr.GROW{Rep,Pa.),firomU»Comm<4** MT^ ritor*es, reported back t.h« bill fotthc JS£*iL %wsstettvec i l?enn*ylvai%&#}<•>*& fojiowin w^ ,especially t, ,4{.wlaccural rtt VHonse havedescription and pattern, and furnished in the most appropriate man- ner. A general assortment of HOTS' and YOUTH*' HAT» and CAPS, LAMBS' Riais« HAT*, tc, kcWAKJTOCXk Co.,Hatters, No. 519 Broadway, St- Nicholas Hotel.HUNT & DUSENBURY (Successors to Leary &Co.) T H » DATin-.ToOBCo a new style of Gentlemen's DKKSSHAT, for young men, price FOB* A>«>x.i«*it», ,^ At Wo*. 3, 4. and 5, Aator House.H I S T S ABOUT HATS.—Before making a purchaseof Tonr Spring Hats, catf en Kxox, at No. 212 Broadway, corner Fnxton-**. His pr*aent style is just what any man of nice tast* would aeiect, ana is calculated to add considerably to the appear- anceofthewtarer. K>ox"s Spring stockofCap*, a*well as B a t s , * varied and extensive, among which will t>e fourrd somex>f the choioettt novelties of the season.every new Sauce brought before the public seeks to establish MoKKLof IOKSTIXXAN'S DREW H A T for the Spring of I860, itself on the merits of Worcestershire Sauce, thereby giving un-of an explanation..•. • »been thoroughly skinned down to the primitive gran- the Constitution bearing upon this power as the submitted to and ratified by a fair and honest vote of ules, and covered with a new cuticle of another hue, basis ofimpeachments. When Mr. Craige of North her people, ehe should have his support for immediateGentlemen are invited to call and examine aCONSUMERS OF SAUCE will please observe thatFAIRBANKSSTANDARDSCALES.MOttSTllAxOKKHc»J>*B» ANOFIXTTDurrKBHicT S«JW ANX> STTI.«S.Adapted to every branch of busiae- where iJ^miot_wal;*"•**» Scale is required. Call and examine, or send for an flmstratedcircular.KEQUISITESaction. *•• ••; •'••-•••.;•ger proportion of that class, and in his manners much their superior. He is an ordained clergyman, whosebusiness it istosavesouls,moreorless ;ef- fectually, to which duty he is undoubtedly faithiul; andhislife,wearequitesure,withouttiltingitfor granted that profession and practice inthat callingprice $ 3 30, and it will be found to excel in fineness, durability willing testimony to the unrivaled excellence of '•' LKA & P B R - ter or official conduct of the Executive. If theto the use of money at elections. In answer to the yet—farewell, forever, to bleeding Kansas.. and elegance, any Hats for wbicn $ 4 i« demanded in Broadway, R1N*' WORCX8TXRSH1RK SAUCX."conduct of the President is to be examined by the naught, and, unlike the fox spoken of in Scripture,Espxaonxm, Manufacturer of Gents' Hats, No. 113 Naasau-st.L A D L E S the Spring time of the year is coming,JOHS DUNCAN & SONS, NO. 405 Broadway, Sole Agents for the United States.House, says Mr. Buchanan, it can only be donehe has no hele into which to put his head. The im- general character of the resolutions, he cited the Mr. GARNETT (Dem., Vsu)said it was well known Democratic example in the XXXTVth Congress, that the English bill never would have been passed maculatewisdomofourConstitutionalparentsmay ht8ditnotbeenprovidedthatKaunasshouldnotbead-andifyouwishhandsomeOAITBKBOOT*,from12/to20/; SLIP-Boy»\ Misses', and Children's BOOTS and SHOKA or all kind* and prices. Patronize MU.I.KB. k Co., No. 3«7 Canal-at.T H EC H x A r x • TandLAXSXXT EMORAVIXO STSK P r n u s a a ntor *1.Let all wvllw i*h*rs of the Oospjtx CATTM*.and Parent* who desire to promote Tux JUMJUIOUS W x t y A K KofTHXIX F AMIL WS,B a y t h e G r e a t P i c t u r eoiCHRIST A S » HJ» APOSTLKR.vSlc x n A r - S C H O O L U I » K A H Y . XXX WAT TO XAISR OKK.Weproposetoaollourbeautiful.EngravingofChrist|andbis Apostles to Sununy-School* at a discount, so as to enable them to itneU them at tne regular retail price; and we have already found that, in a school of a few tcholars, sufficient copies have been ksold, trom tXe profit* of whioh ha* been raised a ^largeHorary of book*.9 4 U- will insure six Pictnw*, postage free.In ofierlng tiki* woikot art at ^ I we are convinced that it is cured by the use ol Dr. TOBIAS'S VKNKTIAN LIXOIX^T. Mil-within the reach of every Minister of the Gospel. Twelve cents required to prepay. AddressDA TTOX k. Co., American and European Engraving Warehouse,No. 31 r'arxrow, New-York.FIRE-PKOOF SAFES.STXAXXS AL MAXVIX,No, 40 MCXXAT-ST., N. Y.OvSlNGEK'S£*k> % SwrUix-$i*cJ*in*>SEWING-MACHINES.Government has, hy money, patronage, orother improper mews, *"'«(5Uf«HVtu iullutnce the pat-en*,'* o! aoy law appertaining to the'rightsofanyStateOTTerritory;andsecond,aWotoinqoiiv*Luto£*o.IScfl*rlxLg-MAchln«The Family Sewing-MscMne....*•••• ••*>•••••*•«*>••money out of the Post-Office printing job for the positively from engaging in""commerce, and prevent come. support of pauper Democratic newspapers like himfromlearninganytradeabovethat of awhite-THE CORRUPTION INVESTIGATION.GROVER * BAKER'S NOISELESSPAXILT SxWINQ-MACHrNXS. THX BXST IN Usx-No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 182 Ftdton-st., Brooklyn-A. W . BOWMAN, " Old Post-Office Building," comer of Front and Market streets, OTTCMV/A, Iowa, will supply oirr friends in that city and vicinity with THK DAILY and WB.KK.LY TRIBUNB in advance of the mails.«Two documents of great interest respectingif he dies we bury his black ashes apart from the paper. One is a careful and complete account of white dust of his fellow-mortal; and we believe thatportant evidence or to try imprisonment.THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS.United States. In such cases inquiries are higbly proper in themselves, and belong equally to tho Senate and House as incident to their legislative duties, and/Kansas, will be found on the sixth page of this• 'J ckerieh Gracious lie: -protected me malice will n<PARKERBROS.LONDONCLUBSAUCEisjustthe„ Co.,Mr. CRAWFORD (Ad. Do^G*.)*** Mn*^,,rFAIWBAJKKS UNo. 189Broadway, New-York./••,JSEW^TORK WLXI TRBBUWE, FRIDAy, MABC0a.-mi'<•£.Fox THSTOXTXT.MHS. S. A ALLXX'S W o x i n ' 8 HAIR DRBSSINO, OR ZYXOBAX^SAMCM,Has been acknowledged by ladies and gentlemen of taste theonly article worthy to adorn the toilet of the refined. Its beau- would consent to it, be kept in office beyond histhough black, he is learned; though black, hois this House, from doubt ae to how they shall vote upontexts, is discreditable to the office. The whole tone important measures pending here. To relieve himself-who*"*1"th* « otRer ianP acticn .<>f »?dry, to remain in any position desired.xtead the following from the Kev. W . R. DOWNS, Howard,New-Y ork:andthough black—black as the ace of spades—he is altogether a man who, had he in his early infancyKansas should present a Republican form of Constitu-triumphantly reelected by the people ?" Your Zylohalsamnm has no superior. It certainly serves to the idea is a queer one, and stands much in needvindicated the power of the House to pursue the in-vestigation in every way, and cited the clauses of under a valid law of her Territorial Legislature, aadbcauiitul."Half-Pint Bottles, price 37* cents.M r s . S . A . A x x x x ' s W O R L D ' S H A I R R K S T O R K R t s N O T A D T K ,and will not soil or stain. " " • . ' ' TheonlyreliableandharmlesspreparationthatWILLrestore"With very solemn asseveration, the President m a i n t a i n s , i n t h e p r e s e n c e o f G o d a n d h i s c o u n t r y , thathehasneversoiledhissoulbydabblinginlegis-would long ere this have lived in a house three par- l o r s ' d e e p , a t a r e n t n o t a p e n n y u n d e r $ 1 , 2 0 0 a y e a r , havehadthebronchitis,andbeensenttoEurope,adrniffston, whether she had 93,000 inhabitants or Carolina inquired why the inquiry bad not been not; and at the last eeesion, when the bill for the ad-make him display his colors. Lieut, Turner, havingneed thee© steamers as tows, took up the quarrel,and poured a broadside into the^contumacioussteamer. LieutT.pleadsveryhardtojustifyhis walkandconversationheisquiteequaltothelar- ^MAGNETICTELEGRAPH;Iwhenhewillvoluntarilyretirefromoffice.WhatWASHINGTON,Thursday,March29,1850. The President's message, protesting against Mr.foraH»gtbydiscussionuponit. H*\rl^7< minf0o><gentian were niaderip. H P SSjL*^does this mean ? Are we to understand by it thateto afford .HDopportune,y of testing S o T S t S ? ^licanPreeidentbyforce,anddoeshesuggestthat isofasound,pureblack,withoutanyadmixtureof Presidentpleadingjurisdictionlikeacriminalatthe anuttercontemptforthateqnivoealposition,\rhiebSMITH BKOTHX**' One-Price Wholesale and Retail Clothing tifying properties are such as to call forth bouts of testimonial* regular term ? Or are we to understand that it only gifted with eloquence; though black, he is well-bred; of this document is conceded to be weak and puerile from any suchjx«jttion, be depired to say that when xgre?«, bo. *"" Reel*," orjtnight havo.the offense ^ t o the act£• *>geaortod# "« i **age, or otl fe' boundedb ..* circle of letri " p a s s a g e <-f "StateorT tain to the riWareroom*, No*. 123,13« and 140 Fulton-at., JNew-York.CHILDREN'S FANCY HA TS.In obedience to a growing demand for a high order ofJDRXM HATH TOR CKILUXKX,webavejnBt opened a new, select, and beautiful aasortment of cleanse thoroughly the hair and scalp, to removu any narahuesuor dryness, and always products the softness, sllkiness, and nat- Tecent importation and manufacture, comprising every desirable ural gloss that are requisite Wrender the human hair perfectlycanoidate in 1858 before the people who Have hoaorelfrom all who use it. It cleanses the scalp, imparts a healthy,lustrous appearance to the hair, and inclines it, however harsh or depends on him to be nominated at Charleston; and though black, he is moral; though black, he is pious, in spirit. Mr. Sherman briefly, but effectively, him with a sear, in this lloxxne, be *aid,nbat wheneverAny way,gray hair to its oiiginal youthful color. • .The Rev. J. WXST, No. 6 Washington-place (Paolfic-st.), lative and electoral corruption. How about that with an addition of $5,000 to his salary to pay his the judge of its own propriety, and desired no in-what law or The«e mi^it such exist' dHad Mr. L House wbctl •violated h-H particular ac a single rc'.e Sincethe?fir warrant*, h« gland. Tho peaching po? hear a word_ »ation agains act. Th*y e•of the. Preg charges ag:-tii ficnof"Ivar-ordinate br^i ing power, tl tion even in" but without i olutior.8 nr><?< •In the matii against tbe s self no great of the Unite thalbeeb«Unature auu order to esalThere are -not lea; sac •protect everoffense. Th^ inetitctedby Executive hi -dent alcne b principle!}, w liberty penet Executive alfellow- citizei him justifies who, before t apprehended to the aggran •of the ExecuI again de< for no reason respect for th the boDor oflived loag in •"Officesandh< Amid all thepassed, the pi -been mad«-, u official intetrrapproaching service of oij there is no pi the strictest'NotBing M good namBrooklyn, say*:" 1 am happy to bear testimony to the vslue and efficacy of this famous note signed " J. B." which was uuearthedpreparation of Mrs. Allen's, in the most liberal Bense, and also by the Navy Yard investigation last Winter 1 ' thankfully acknowledge the use of it in curing my baldness andgraynesa" * •Be sure to get the genuine, with "Mrs. S. A. Allen" signed in BLACK ink, to the directions, and in RED ink to the outside wrapper*.expenses. As it is, his bronchial tubes are in per-fect condition; no pieus old ladies of either sex areconcerned lest the dolorous wheeze of his drowsypiston, which may come of fat, is caused by inflam-struction from the President.Mr. Bocock attempted to break the feeling ex- having, in his judgment, substantially complied with*The President yesterday sent a Message to the Circulars and wrappers copyrighted, according to law, and Mrs. House of Representatives protesting against Air.cited by the Message, but without attempting toserted. Mr. Covode informed the Democratic side gentleman and as a man of honor, he was bound no tovote. Having said thus much,andleavingherhemS. A. ALLXX'S WORLD'S HAIR BXSTORATIVX, New-York, blown on large bottles.3i5 Broomestreet,lessthanhecouldearn,asawhiteman,bythecure power of the House to make any iaquiry, whose of bacon; his talents are naught; hia eloquence isCovode'sInvestigatingCommittee,anddenyingthe result may he unfavorable to the personal charac-that the resolutions preferred no charges againstnaught; his piety naught; his morals, his manners, the President. His Committee was raised to inves- man from Pennsylvania (Mr.Grow),bkilled as he was,.toe, in civil obstetrics, he now bade farewell—a word his manliness, his culture, his faithfulness are all tigate allegations made by the President himself as that must be and it has been said, that makes us lingerthroughtheJudiciaryCommitteeandbya pro-TKXH, TTKK, and TOILXT SI.IPPKK.«, 6/ to 14/ per pair, w ith article long needed by the publio, to ta*e the place of the many ceeding in the nature of an impeachment. On this have so arranged our social and political institutions when two members were expelled upon charges mitted until ehe ba3 a population of 93,000. A legis-inferior sauce* which have enjoyed a monopoly and been sold at less specific. The whole effort of the Democratic lative compromise binds nobody but those who vote for exorbitant prices. Superior and cheaper to all others in use, the point an interesting debate occurred in the House, that " the black man has no rights which the white it. As a gemVeman and a man of honor; he could notgreat sale it Is now enjoying is the best test of its merits and popularity. Sold by all respectable grocers, and by A. J. P AK- XXR, No. 15 Beekmas-st.TEHEUMA TISM and 1S EURALGIA.J. R. STATToxD'a OLITK TAB,AND IRON AND 8t*LPiruR POWDXRS.At once relieve and finally effect a cure of theee truly painful diseases, by a timely application of the Olive Tor to the parts attected, and by a strict aaherenoe to the direc ions contained in the Powders. The Powders purify and revitalize the blood, en- abling it to receive and diffuse through the system the vitality imparted by the Olive Tar. Thus the disease yields to the be- nign infinence of the medicine, and the patient is restored to health. Olive Tor, 50c per bottle; Powders, $1 per package.of which a full report will be found on another" man is bound to respect," but we nevertheless can side was to assert the sanctity of the President vote for the admission of Kansas until the condition!Sold at No. »15 Broadway, aad bill Or irgi sis. :Scott decision. The first exhibited the Executive* corrupting and bullying Congress; in the second the W e spell negro with two g's, and justify ourselves Barrett's seat by Saturday, after which the Com- tion of the following communication from the Preei-$00.NEW SHUTTLEMACHINE.$50,SupremeCourtattemptedtousurppowersbelong- ing exclusively to the Legislature. Mr. Buchanan's memory seems to be failing.thereby in inflicting upon the "nigger" every possi- mittee wall form and report its judgment to the dent:THEPUESIDKNT'SMESSAGE.T axIntroduce to the public their Manufacturing Muc.hino, ShuttleStitch, high speed, strong and beautiful.Office, No.-169 Broadway. VKRSON&,CO.ble contempt and social wrong. We exclude him,as we do dogs, from all places of public resort, tol-House.P ARKXR SXWINO-MACHINX CCMPANYTo (ht Houne of lUpretciitalivc*.After a delay which has afforded me ample time for reflection, and after much and careful deliberation, ICroop and Whooping-Cough are immediatelylions of bottles have been sold. Once try it. and you will neveras a coordinate branch of the Federal Government, to protest against the first two clauses of the first resolu- tion adopted by the House of Representatives on theFRLDAY, MARCH 30, 1880.The Constitution and The Pcnnsylvanian '/ If he washer,—for which he has a paradoxical proclivi-has not yet read that evidence, we hope he will do ty—and holding any higher service than that of a pri-so at once. After that he may desire to modify vate coachman. If we tax him we deny him rep- subscribers to the fund in New-York, by whichL U. SIXOXK it Co., No. 458 Broadway, N. Y.No. 150 Fulton-st., Brooklyn. R e p u b l i c a n 8 t a t e C o n v e n t i o n STRACUSB, April 18. some passages of his Message. .or refused to pompel tbe execution, of any law thereofI confine myself exclusively to these two branches resentation; if he commits a crime he has not even Pennsylvania was carried in 1856. As the Com- of the resolution, because the portions of it which fol-a trial by his peers, but is compelled to submit his mittee has the power to require persons and papers, low rebate to alleged abuse in the Post-Oflics, Navy- cause to the judgment of twelve men who hate him; Mr. Schell may be compelled to furnish this im- Yardp, public buildings, and other public works of theR e p u b l i c a n N a t i o n a l Convention..CHICAGO, May 16.L! I,.— ^ — .erating him only on the platform of a car, on thetop of an omnibus, in the baggage car of a train, on the calendar will be put aside about the middle of find myself constraii-ed by an imperious eease of duty,the gold region of" the Pike's .Peak country. The when at the last day the eheep and the goats are se-tion, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work. It i* the tion* in aid of the circulation of the cheap edition of Helper's the House of Representatives at Washington, in portion of the resolution are extremely vague and gen-and by all DruggiaU. application.pottage.at least each has aright to demand justice of the other. and Sprague precisely as they look upon thit counts which had previously reached us; but it one cent, finally passed both Houses of Congress yes- The caui'o of complaint inthat the constitutional rightsSINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES. Ax EXTIRX Nxw STTLX.Helper's Impending Crisi* of the South. , PRICE REDUCED.Mr. Grow has reported a bill for the admission being necessary to enable them to diecoverand provideDealgasd foe all manufacturing purposes, noiselen In its opera- ^The Committee having received sufficient contribu-other is the report of the Territorial Committee of parated bythe Divinejudgment,a stillfurther division of Kansas, and the Senate will soon have the op- appropriate legislative remedies for any abuses whichbest machine ever produced. Price only $110.I. M. Sixexx k Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N. Y.JFINXLE & L YON'S SEWING-MACHINES receivedthe highest Medal at the Pair of the American Institute, with the highest Premium for fine iJewing-Machine work; also, high- eat Premium as the iTair of the Franklin Institute, New-JerseyCompend, we are now able to supply orders, for gratuitous distri- favor of the immediate admission of Kansas as a in hell or heaven. In one placo only in hin equal may make many ugly faces, but it will swallow the eral, yet my sole purpose in adverting to them at pres-" W e prefer ih«vaior family use."—[Tribune.J " They are the favoriwwfor lamiiiea."—{lime*.Office, i>io.505 B/oadway, New-York. WrILl>ER'S P A T E N TQ t r i x x B X O T X X X S ,No. y« Maiden-lane, N. Y.Also, tea »econd-hand Safes KOR SALIS LOW.SPALDING'S PREPAKED GLUE.UsxrtTL IN RVXRY HOCSX.Pox SJLLJC EYXKYWUXKX.Maaofsotnred by H. C. SPALDINS k Co., No. 48 Cedar-si.Post-Oihce addres*. box Ho- i o»X>.BATCUELOR'S HAIK DXK, WIGS, and TOUPEES,exercise upon him their ameliorating influences. lation of Arizona to be about 12,000, exclusive of mitted. Indians. '•' sreunnvaled. Tii»-y are light, ei*y, duzabie, uud tit to a charm. XAx LINCOLN «f Illinois—at the Cooper Institute, New-York, the best in Uie woilct, the only niiuV.*,h* audreUaoie Dvxknuvttuliness.Mr. Williams, from Jefferson, gave a statement, showing the necessity for a Territorial Government. Heestimatesthevotingpopulationat8,000.A G A R O E N IN W I N T E R ~ ~can be obtained by planting all the choice Evergreen*." tfnVlT IN JU'X.MXKwill grow sbundontly on well-selected and weil-pbmted fruit tree*. JfLXASANT WALKSWill not our Kepublican friends aid ua K> "circulatethe documents 7" Now ia the time when thousands of between Buckingham and Seymour of Connecticut— leaves us as much in the dark, as ever respectingterday.,'XXXVITH CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION.and immunities of the Executive have been violated in the person of the President. The trial of an impeach- ment of %e President before the Senate on charges prefened and prosecuted against him by the House of Representatives, would be an imposiog epeota- c'o for the world. In the result, not onlyail the growing year can be enjoyed, when the finest deciduous viction. Terms cash. TXXXS AM> &HK0WSSENATE....WASHINGTON, March 29, 1860.Mr. CLAY (Dem., Ala.), from the Committee on his removal from the Presidential ofiice wouldmeet the eye and masse* of fragrant roses scent the air. Fox ail these tni* i*,th« planting season.HA.KJ>Y OKAI-IM for vineyard*, and EXOTIC GRATXS Jor houses snould now be choaen.For CaUio^u«« of all these, and every plant for the garden, lawn,orconservatory,applyatNo.'dNassau-»t,ortopARitox* it. Co., jKluaning, L. 1.EUREKA CELEBRATED SEWING-MACHINES.FRICX *50. W A J U U X T S B TO GIVX SATISFACTION. PAXT1XS NOT HAVINW JfPLL AMOCNT A<:COMXOI>ATXI>. Orxitx A\O. 483 BROADWAY.It a'eems that Miramon has accomplished nothing will everybody outside of Rhode Island esteem it a get the same eye blackened twice ? Or did Dr.be involved, but what is of infinitely greater import- Commerce, reported adversely on tie petition for the ance to himself, his character, both in the eyes of theprt&ent and of future generations, might possibly beAexNT* WANTXO.—Liberal tdscount allowed. D. J. LXVY, Supt. and ordering Americans sent out of the country.PARTIESABOUTIIEFITTINGTUKIR HOUSES, AX»THB Ft'BLlC OKNXRAtLr,are invited to examine our new and extensive Sprinx i>tock of FKXXCU CHINA DIXNXX, TXA, and TOILXT 5XTS-GLAXXWARX, diLvxx and PLATXJO WAXX, MIRRORS,Bxo.>ixsandFANCYGoor>«.CKANUXLIXKS a«d GAS FIXTCXRJJ, Oor atock ba* never b<*«-n xaviv complete or attractive than at; *» , ••.E. V. HACOHWOCT k Co., m^_m^m^m____________ Cor. of Broadwav and Broorne-sit.Gou>, SILVER, AND DIAMONDS,identified as the mate of the sloop, and the chain of time, and to ultimately reopen the African slave- is, that the Charleston Convention shall nomi-nothing to the expenses of tbe Government.Messrs. BENJAMIN (Dem. La.) aud GWIN (Dem., of Missouri, in 1831, after a careful review ot all the"STODART PIANOS."T^niortreRablePlsao and pronounced by the Profeaalon and over 13,000 JUurdiie* who have them in u*e inn B«iTw- MHU/KXx* now nude in the United State*. ' **** **Meloy's Station early yesterday morning. Tne DR. RIGGS'S TRUSS OFFICE, for the radical news is unimportant. The excitement respectingIsland is still on the side of Freedom, Justice, At any iate, let some arrangement be made by. ^ j Wareroom*. Wo. 501 Broedway.Slave-trading mocracy.and Slavery-extendingSham De-This petition was referred to the Judiciary Commit- ee. Such has overbeen deemed the appropriate Com- mittee to make a similar investigation. It ie a ettaduig Committee, supposed to be appointed without reference to any special case, and as all times is presumed to be On motion of Mr. GRIMES (&ep. Iowa), a joint composed of the moat eminent lawyers in the House,dirsct aupervisisiou ofDx. JAMS* R. CHILTOX, CHXXIKT,him to leave the State. The Sergeant-at-Arms, haviugno power to act, and being afraid of getting into diffi- The Rev. Henry Highland Garnet differs from culty, did not press tho matter, but reported the factsThe Senate then went into Executive Session. Ad- journed.f it is the ocdy preparation that can be >ately relied on to effect a peroasment ane speedy core. W e have never known it to'fwi inIt varies scarcely any from tbe accounts alreadyHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. The House passed the Army Appropriation bill.bution, for 20 cents per copy; $18 per 100; $1<J0 per 1,000. If State. It offers a most conclusive argument on humanity recognized—if his neck is to be broken it dose if necessary.ent is to make the broad line of distinction batween the accusatory and tbe remedial clause of this resolution; The House of Representatives posse?s no power under the Constitution over the first or accusatory portion ofordered by mail, eight cents each in addition must be tent to pre- pay postage.CXAXXXS CCOXOR'S Union Meeting Speech—Dec 19, '59— arguing that Negro Slavery is essentially, radically jast and hu- mane: T o which are added brief ojpbdoBM of many eminent menon the subject thus discussed.that subject.. E E O D S X8X,AIO>.is permitted to be done on the same gallows as if it were white. In short, as far as we can control them, neither Christianity, in its highest expression,Campaign Documents.L THE IRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT:ing to consideu the Arizona and Jefferson Territorial the reeolutionj except as an impeaching body, while This State is all aflame withthemost intense nor civilization,nor ait, nor science, nor know- bills. .-.'•" overthelast,mcommonwiththeSenate,theirauthor-SiaiePair,dec,kc. Agent*Wanteo. Ofiice,Ho.503Broadway.WHEELER & WILSON'S SHWISG MACHINES. fxwAxn'a famon* Rocheater Speech of 1858; bound up with political excitement that has ever marked its histo- ledge, nor manners, nor morals, are permitted toIII. THE ADMISSION, OF KANSAS: GOV. SEW-political issues of the day.IT. NATIONAL POLITICS; Speech of ABRA-Republican, millionaire, or anything olse that willwe shall never begin to solve it till wo bring to bearand an active Democratic politician, Mavahal of that 1 alone, is he responsible while acting within the sphere State, in place of Mr. Robinson, deceased.minds can be reached and influenced which, three months hence, will be hardened like flint against con-namely, as a contest between the sound conserva- the part which the Hon. Dr. Fitch of Indiana had, tive Republican party on the one hand, and the or may have had, in the melee. According to one Pro-Slavery, Sham Democratic party on the other. story, he also gave Clingman a black eye; was this And, as Padelford or Sprague shall be successful, so a mistake 1 or did Clingman get two black eyes, orGov.win or buy votes. Mr. Padelford is the regularh o *hi}nkii;g, nor turning up behind. UATCHKtox'g HAIR DYX, Feb. 27, I860—explaining and defending the position and views of Republican nominee, received his nomination in little common sense. A step will be gained when aBracea, Suapenaory Bandages, Silk Elastic Stocking*, Rnee-Uaps, sixteen pages. They are sold in quantities of Oao that he is plajing a double game,,and ought to behealth, xoav be obtained free by inclining two postage stamps,' Mad addressing Box Mo. 2,341, Beaton, mac*.quantities, $1 25 per hundred; 25c. per dozen; singly,is the wealthiest calico-manufactnrer in the Union, champions were Messrs. Clay of Alabama, and telegraph companies will refund entire tolls to parties No bill can become a law without his approval,aa repre^ forwarding any message which fails to reach Califor- senling the people of the United Stales, unless it shall and is using the most unscrupulous means to obtain Clingman of North Carolina, and that the fiery and nia, or vice versa, in .advance of any other route; and paes alter hi» veto by a majority of two-thirda of both.. . IRON IN THK BUOOD.J>rsrxmiA, ScxorrLA, OXXXXAL DxBiLirr, NXRVOLS Ar- per 1,000. If by mail, one cent each in addition inust be sentsas, in the German langnsge. Price 5 cents; $ 2 50 per 100; $15 The PXRCVIAN SYxrp, or rrotected Solution of Protoxide of to prepay postage.XXCTIO.N•. Iron combined, sold wholesale and retail Dythe Jfroprietors,of the contest. It is simply to assure the Republi- person which has so often been an object of admi- express.If by mail, one cent each in addition must'be *ent to prepay State looks upon the struggle between Padelford gallery. TMBagrees with one of the imperfect ac- reducing the postage on town aud city drop letters to ward each other with rnutiud forbearance aud respect;A. JU. CUIAR i. Co., iSo. 429 iiroadway,A famphlet, on the importance of iron ia the blood, had on-•',.'To the Associated Press.W ASHINGTON, Thursday, March 29,1860. Tbe House Committee on Territories met this morn-'.;ry. Ordinary business is almost suspended, while its teenung population have turned their attention to the pending election. What creates doubt andfew Kepublicans, not liking the nomination of Mr.Padelford for Governor, have united with the Pro-Slavery Democracy in the support of William ties which environ this Negro question. But oneMr. Otero, delegate from New-Mexico, consurrei in It is solely in reference to the first or impeaching Mr. Mowry'8 statements, and testified that the organi- power that I propose to make a few observations.zation of Arizona is regarded as a necessity by the ariox: Speech of HENRY WIMON of Mas*.—In Senate, Jan. anxiety in regard to the result, is the fact that a to the condition of a beast and complain of his beast- people of New-Mexico.n. THE DEMOCRATIC LEADERS FOR DISU-J8,1860—showing by oopious citations that the leading Democratic orator* and politicians are fully resolved to destroy the Union whentheycannolongerruleit.W e are by no means desirous to deny the difficul- Axn's great Speech—in Senate, Feb. 29, 1860-Hrumming up the Sprague, who is National Democrat, Conservative thing in regard to it we are 'perfectly sure of—thatTbe President has appointed Major Elisha G-. En- Government, he is their equal. Indeed, he is the onlyglish, a long time member of the Indiana Legislature, direct representative on earth of tbe people of ali andTbe President's protest took the House by surprise, of his constitutional duty; and notln any manner to no intimation having preceded its transmission to that the House of Representatives.body. The people have though proper to invest him withat Vera Cruz. After bombarding the town six days clear victory for the one or the other of these Fitch merely assist in his medical and not in his erection of a certain pier in Delaware Bay.He also reported a bill to provide for the iutroduc- hequit,andwentbacktoMexico.Adispatch,parties.Mostearnestly,then,doweentreattheSenatorialcapacity? LetthefactsbemadetionofH.J.Rogers'scodeofmarinesignals.dated City of Mexico — inst., states that after the Republicans of that State to vote on the fourth day. known! capture of Marin's steamer Miramon sent a decree of April precisely as they intend to vote in Novem-tDrniehed.Thedisgracecastuponhimwouldinsome Mr. GREEK'S (Dem., Mo.) joint resolution for an degree be reflected upon the character of the American people who elected him. Hence the precautions adjournment of Congrewj from the 20th of April to the adopted by the Constitution to secure a fair trial. Onto the Capital confiscating all American property, ber next. Let them weigh well the consequences21st of Mav, was taken up. sueh a trisil, it declares that the Chief Justice shall pre Mr. ANTHONY (Rep., R. I.) moved an amendment side. This w;is, doubles*, because the framers of the that the two Houses adjourn sine die on the 15th of Conttitution believed it to be possible that the Vice'June.• Presidentmightbebiasedbythefactthat,incaseof Mr. CLINGMAN (Dem., N. C.) opposed the recess, the removal of the Prusident'from office, the same shall and oilered an amendment for an adjournment sine devolve on the Vice-President. The preliminary pro-die on the 1st of June. ceedings in the House, in case of charges which may Mr. GREEN advocated bis resolution. It was well involve impeachment, have been well and wisely set- know,thatduringthesessionsoftheConventionsno tiedbylongpracticeuponprinaiplesofequaljustic*The Exjness gives a grand hailing sign of dis- of going over to the enemy in this momentous crisis tress to the Charleston Convention, a faot from ofnationalailkirs. ThesuccessofMr.«'Consorva- whichweinferthatitsschemeofathird party William Johnson, alias Hicks, the supposed mur- " tive Republican" Sprague will be hailed by every does not wear a promising aspect just at present.derer, was fully committed for trial yesterday by conupt, Slaveiy-extending Democrat in the South-tbeUnitedStatesCommissioner,onachargeof ernStatesasthetriumphofthepartyuponwhich Binghampton movementoftheHon. Erastus robbery on the high sea*—a crime equivalent to he relies to nationalize his accursed institution, to Brooks having proved an abortion from theprewTLl, and the prices ba.c bvtu UXed at the LOWXJBTFOaaiJBLX piracy, and punishable wifch death. He wan fully conquer new. territories for it to blast in future very start. What^ T7ie Express now proposes xiouxx.business would be transacted, and an adjournmentwould be made every three days. It would addboth to the accused and to the people.Tbe precedent established in the case of Judge Pecktrade to.supply these new fields with victims. Onthe appearance of the broker who changed his. the contrary, the triumph of Mr. Padelford will The Express agrees to go over to the Democratic;Cal.) opposed the proposed adjournment.The amendmentswerewithdrawn,andthe resolution voted down by Yeas 12, Nays 29.former precedents, will, I venture to predict, stand tho test of time. In that case, Luko Edward Lawless, the accuser, presented a petition to the House, in which he sot forth minutely and specifically inJcauseacircumstantial evidence was rendered complete bynate Sam Houston for President, in which caseBongbtforcaab, byGxOKOKC. ALX.IS>, No. 415 Broadway, onedoor be.ow Can*;-.'.. WaWh*s, Clock*, and Jewelry cleaned specie into the bank bills which were found upon cheer the heart of real Republicanism throughout parly with all its followers. We trust the proposal and repamvd, In the best manner, by the finest London andOenevs workmen. 'The bill supplementary to the act to authorize pro- of ccmplaint. He prayed that the conduct acd pro-yth.inst, and by telegraph to the 10th ingt., reachedcountry are upon you!instincts tend to carry it, into" the bosom of theday week he would call up the Pacific Railroad bill. He had lost all hope of anything being done in the other House.e m e or Hernia, i« removed to Aster H o w e , entrance in Barclay-si Surgicalappuancw*tor\axicooele, Froiap,u*.hUwoorrhmZ. theWashoeminescontinued,andaproposition was HEITMANITV-AIYJtt HOUSES WA1YTKI>.On motion of Mr. DA VIS (Dem., Miss.), the bill to prevent desertions and facilitate enlistments in the army of the United Suites wan taken up and passed.A JExlsrgod Veins, ice. • "••» THE UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS which haTforthe last TV»,ITI YXAXS attendedDx. 8. P. TowMSXXL'S SARSAI-AXILLA,before the Legislature to annex that section ofcountry to the State. The reports frcm the newgold fields in Southern Oregon are also of tbe mowla a morning paper of a day or two ago we find he following advertisement:"W ANTED TO RENT—By the Rev. HENRY HIGH-—The Harper's Ferry Investigating Committee had another meeting on Wednesday. Tbe Sorgeant-at- Arms, who has been in search of John Brown, jr., hasthe Union, and will be received as proof that Rhode may be kindly considered, and, if possible, adopted.tection to citizens of the United States who may dis-him.The California Overland Mail, with dates to tne Peace and Honor. Friends! the eyes of the whole which that able journal can go where its nativecover deposits of guano, was taken up, ameuded, and ceedings in this behalf of the said Judge Peck may be passed. inquired intobyYour honerable body, and suchde-cision made thereon as to your wisdom and justice Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) gave notice/that on this shall seem proper. . .;l-esolution, removing oertain restrictions upon a grant'.We have the official account .of the Vera Cruz or eoloied people." Tim snusorib»r dosiroH to know ii'tliorw la tee and Congress, and says his friends will not permit the Committee on Finance.from ditterent portions of the Union, whose acquaint- ance with judicial proceedings and whose habito of in--haduces as to call the special attention of ali th«M« who aire ainict-•d with say ahtssse truing from impomie* of tbe Wood to the exciting character.great aupenority of THIS ».\X*AI'AXII.LA over any otner prepara-Uonjof tne same nsEtore. It hssbeen tewted by thuuaand* .uiferiugjTocaSoxojrcLA, SALT RHXVM, JfcyxsCT* ov MXUCCHY, KHKI^XAT»M, COU>H, COCOXB, and many other complaint*, with themost beaeoeisi erfects. A* is 1* now ootupotuidoii unoer tne affair, furnished to Capt. Jarvia by Capt. Turner. awer favorably at No. 52 Laurens-st."of five section* of land to Iowa, was taken up and passed.f•tKo vestigation qualify them peculiarly for the task. >a>Uiiin i£.".l.0. Thi* geutiurnan has called at fifteen houue* having Ohio, but refused to be taken. He defies the Commit- bills on th*rn, and Fins been invariubly assured "' not fornigRoruHouse, passed a tecond reading, and was referred tothe nature of things, be more unpartial. In the owe <M .; udce Peck, the witnesses were sekfl'ed by the i^om- niittee itself, with a view to ascertain the truth of the cha/ce They were cross-examined by nun, a"* everything was conducted in such a niaauor, a* to afford him no reasonable cause of complaint.In view of this precedent, and what is of f-x greaterimportance, In view of the Constitution and principle*ofeternaljustice,inwhatmannerhas thePreaxd'-nlo. oi ewnimjM«w, ~ -not help feeling that this-particular black man—^theabove the Honse, and reaffirm the odious idea ofof the English bill shall be complied with.page.In his Message of yesterday the President says the rule, in his case, calls for the exercise of more friends are willing to join that' issue before the Kansas, and this would be consistent with bin political\that the Legislative is encrouchiag on the Execu-tive and Judicial branches of the Government. Heoverlooks the Kansas-Nebraska bill and the Dred-Mr. DAVIS (A. L.) of Indiana, said he should vote Rev. Mr. Garnet—has some reason for feeling that despotism that the King can do no wrong!" Our at the first favorable opportunity for the admieeion of•<:patience and forbearance than can be reasonably country. The Message has gone to the Judiciary life.looked for even in one of that self-denying and hum- ble profession to which he belongs.Committee, where it will be thoroughly overhauled.THE MISSOURI CONTESTF.D SEAT CASE.Mr. Blair will close his argument contesting Mr.Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.) proposed to postpone the consideration of the bill till Wednesday.Mr. BARRETT (Dem., Mo.) was prepared to vote now.Mr. Buchanan has had nothing to do with thethe forward deck of a steamboat, in the third row the ensuing week for the purpose of taking up, the decay of public virtue having related exclusively of a theatre, in the "nigger-pew " of the church. Tariff bill, which will be discussed until disposedteen year* before the public, and it never has failed. Twoncy-five and fifty cents per bottle. Sold by all the druggists. Depot the House. Does he know what Mr. Laroombe lished reputation ; exclude him from any fit educa- No difficulty is apprehended except from Massa- lowing words:corruptions of Washington, his famous letter on theRheumatism and Pains in the Limbs are cured to other localities. Perhaps he hasn't read the tes- We shut him out from the school, except of a lowerbe without it Price 25 cents. No. £6 Ccurtlandt-st.Sold by all the aragjrista.Depotof. Two appropriation bills are behind it, and will 5th inst., and published ia The Congressional Globe quicker by Dr. TOBIAS'S LINIMEKT than anything else. Thir- timony lately taken in the Printing investigation of grade ; forbid him to enter any College of estab- stay there until a vote is obtained on this measure. on the succeeding day. These clauses arc in the fol-'No. 56 Courtlanat-st.and Mr. Wendell testified with regard to the per- tion for the professions at home, and deny him re- chusetts, which urges some objections to any " Retolred, That a, CornrcHtee of five m<*uib»rs be appointed by tho Speaker lor the purpose, nrst, of investigating; whetaersonal action of President Buchanan in getting cognition in them if he gets/ it abroad ; debar him change at this time. I t is hoped they may be over- the President of the United otates, or any other orhoer of theurn iirii tirmiTMTHE LATEST NEWS, Rcvolutkwary tunny, and Um jrhtow. and' children ofF r o m SpecialDUpatohtoTheN.Y.Tribune. >Tomako prii^ples the practne must revoit Mr. Coved uroee-exaT.i before bioia me,andf*-r thePresidei gation whic was vsgnehemightbePresident,ifhechose,longerthantillarealwaysinaccordance,illustratestheworktoCovode'sinvestigation,createdintenseexcitementmoving-tolayI***billontbetable/* W*****,byMarch4,1861? Doeshereferto>anySouthern whichheisdevoted. Hediffersfromthemalsoin intheHouse. HehasdonenothingsofoolishsinceMr.CLARA? (Dem.,Mo.).wantedtulToead*,,^ prepare a minority report.' J •scheme for defeating the inauguration of a Repub- this, that the coloring matter beneath hjs epidermis •writing his Pittsburgh letter. The idea of theMr. VALLANUrGWAM: (Dsut.} Chip), «ud h*b** by some operation of that kind he could, if he a dirtjish white. But. though black, he is comely; bar, and seeking to avoid inquiry by technical pre- sometimes jrives factions importunes to members of• words in wl •i' • qvire, notmade through the Judiciary Committee, Mr. ShermanpromptlyansweredthattheHousewasm i s s i o n o f O r e g o n w a s p e n d i n g i n t h i s H o u w . h e s a i d wheneverKaasasshouldcomeasOregonhadcome—-mation; his salary for the cure of souls is probably justify the extraordinary doctrines which it as- as to eeenre her early admission in*o the Union. As aT H E T A R I F F .I t is now understood that previous business onand iuvestig&teAvhfcther anj officer or officer* ot the Government Augustus Schell appeared before Mr. Covode's have, by combination or otherwise, pre^Jfcat^d or defe&ted, or attempted to prevent or defeat, the execution of any l*w<>r Jews now upon the nUlute-bo<fk, and whether ths Preaidect lis* faiiedCommittee to-day and failed to produce the list ofwill send the black man to a negro-quarter, either portunity of exhibiting its disposition., The South may be ascertained. Although the terms of the latter"flld and grand my const •tion scarcely"*my life, dared honorable pro it had never person, even j•citement, wo free, with 1 urnan oe.jglanguage ofgreatest pred •" such exagj " scarcely oe " faulter, or eI dp, theref name of tnerpiotest 3gairLS resentative*, 1 of a coOrdkat and subversiv cause they a.rt para&itee ar! ex parte Cove•tions between from their nat material fcr 1- -of the couii:n or timid ma;, influences, i:i noyances; be<-ous action loi maintained, betweentie: and finally, lish a precede•successors, ;o .attached.Wa»hin^tor.. IMr. SHER: United States •calhistory,aitional' powt:8tion all\ the cc .am willing tin into a Comm or not it ii^sbe done by *«n; •eminent. Bet the Presidentsubordinate un tion of the I or any civil offjtuoved from o for treabou, or also declared tl impeaching. power to inves to this, from 4he House. % this power, e ehallwe found. liminary projl has violated 1 by examining wav. It is v>n byinquiring,t any officer o: duty. HowUnited States mere runic is, in the newspap case implies tinthese ourselves eated in'grave right, in this things;andifpeach the Prt Senate, and n< duct of our o1 body ekje, and Speaker, a: every ees^;on officer has b« is there betvv of this House tional right thousand"peo] the same com And so of »ve: no exception s Sir, this doc* rl doctrine under thousand yeaxt no wrong." executed, bee* I.wenttot>w was not above executed. Wthe Presideut the very w ura the fotmdatu>sMr. CRAIG gumeut of th.< T h e Presido-xt to inquire in' d falls to the vrt admits the lio the justice ofAs far as in us lies we make him a savage, and then reproach him wifch his barbarism; we reduce himExcept in this single case the Constitution has invested the House of Representatives with no power, no juris- diction, no supremacy whatever, over the President. In all other respects he if? quite as independent of them as they are of him. As a coordinav,e branih of theupon it first a little common, humanity, and then athe Republican party on the subject of Slavery: To which 1* the usual manner, and is entitled to the support of respectable and educated black man like Mr. Gar- The managers of the principal telegraph fines, in tho moat honorable, responsible, aud dignified office in added, Hon. JAXXH R. DOOLITTLX'S vindication of the Republi- connection with the overland pony express, have the world, and the it dividual, however unworthy, now oon* of Wisconsin from the chwge of Nullification. every Republican in the State. Mr. Sprague is, nett can be tolerated in a decent house in a decent agreed upon the following tariff for private dispatches holding this exalted position will tako care, so tar asV. LAND FOR THE LANDLESS; The Son. GALU- politically, we know not what. The Providence neighborhood and not be compelled to bring up his to and from California. For ten words from any At- in him lies, that their rights and prerogatives shall *XA A. GROW'B Speech—to the House, Feb. 29, 18G0—in sixposi- Post, the organ of the sham Democracy, call3 him family in those sinks of material filth and moral cor- lantic city or other telegraph stations to St. Joseph, never be violated in his person, but "shall pass to hiswhoare despicable,either because they are poor, or Line to any part of California, or vice versa, $2; while against any unconstitutional attempt, come from what the charge for expreeeing the messages, without re- quarter it may, to abridge tbe constitutional rights of becaune they are wicked, or because they are black. gard to length, will be $2 45 each; making the sum, the Executive, and render him subservient to any hu-total from any station in the Atlantic States to any man power except themselves.station in Caliiornia, $6 90 for ten words. The charge The people have not counred the President to the ex- * It is now eaid that in the recent combat in the for each word above that number will be 70 cents for ercise of the Executive duties. They have also confer- Executive session of the United States Senate, the the entire distance. The understanding is that the red upon him a large measure of legislative discretion.Apply at the Factory, reatvveU to Ho. IB ttoud-st.B A R R Y ' S T R I C O P H E R O U SI* the Debtand cheapest article ior Dressing, Beautiijiug. Cieaxn.ing, Ourling, Preserving, and Res.orlrg the Hair.Ladie*. try it. hot sale by Druggists and Perfumers.D&.MARSHconanuestoapplyhisRADICAL licLandsinlimitedtract*toActualSettlersforthebarecostof "asoundNationalDemocrat."TheConservativeruptiontowhich,inthisvirtuouscity,webanishallwordsfromthefirststationontheCaliforniaTelegraphprecedent.Hewilldefeudtbeuitothelattextremitytlon and advocacy of the Republican policy of granting the Pub- Mo., or vice versa, $2 45; for a similar number of successors unimpaired by the adoption of a dangerouarorvsy and sale. Republican, a journal extemporized for the exigen- —Bach of the above is printed on lair type and good cies of this, bolt, denominates him a moderate,Crxx Txus^o with success, in effecting permanent cures of Her-nia or Rupture. Ladieir waited upon by a fom*le in privateroom*. Also, T « i w « » of every kind for permanent re-tention of Jhupture, Bathing Truss**, Supporter*, sJhoulder- paper, forming a large octavo double-column traoi of Union-saving Republican. Our own impression is,success. For that reason he should be rebuked by vindictivo Clay not only gave the elegant Clingman that they will also return to the sender any moneys Houees. In his legislative capacity he might, in com- IN GXRMAX.—Seward's late Speech on the AtJrni-non of Kan- all honest men. a " sockdologer " in the eye, but severely pounded paid for dispatches filed in season to overtake the ex- mon with the Senate and the iiouee, institute inquiry4 cents.press at St. Joseph, which, through any reason, may to ascertain any facts which ought to influence his But our present business is not with these aspects him in other parts of that graceful and well-kept fail to reach that place before the departure of tho judgment in approving or vetoing any bill. This par-ticipating £i the performance of legislative duties be- The House bill, authorizing publishers to pruft on tween coordinate branches of the Govornment ought to Grow's Speech. Price^ 5 cents; $2 50 per 100; $10 per 1,000. cans of Rhode Island that everybody outside of that ration on the part of the clustering beauties of the tho papers the date when subscriptions expu-e, and inspire the conduct of all of them in their relations to-IN GBRXAN.—Land for the Landless: The Hon. Galuaha A.W e are not surprised at this, the wonderfulLAXD GAUKBT, pastor of th« Shiloh 'Presbyterian Chtirrh, a ool.oti'd sentlemaii, a small, geiiteol HOT/HK. at H rent of not more returned, and informed tho Committee that he is in The Army Appropriation hill was received from the tribunai, from their position and character, would, lumifficlunt religion, huinnnltj, and courtesy In New-lfork to nn-most others of hia fellow-creatures of this city whoany of the above cases, lfyouaresimilorly ariii^ed, rryit, a^doe lire upon the Saratoga, but up >n a couple of amnll live in houses renting for $500 and upward in sev- consideration. They will meet again on Friday, when Mr. FENTON (Rep., N. Y.), from the Committee onpublished. It appears that Marin's vessels .lid notsteameis which were chasing hiuu up, in order to eral paiticulars. He is by uature quite as intelli- tho matter will prolmbly be reporiod to the Senate.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ae above to tho Committee, who have the matter underUntitled DocumentmMr. Mowry proved by conclusive evidence the popu- ity as A legislative body is fully and cheerfully ad-tion, framed by a Convention awembled and notice^Pheee) pledges he proposed to make good. Kansas wa« heretheee several conditions, and upon all motions made ia good faith,whether direct or incidental, heshooldso voiato the motherly nurture and solicitude of tue gentle-Further proceedings were interrupted by the recep-each of the sovereign States. To them, and them iwww.fultonhistory.com 