 , m 1R 'aw*k"ZJ^ *d»w»-rAmpromi*^ jto> ooo- •theF*giti*# SUnr»ta.it*formsof^ro-IVeww from South Carolina.GHARrBSTow. Thnrwiay, Nov. 29, 186^ AnothermeetingoftheBankDirectorsWftJ$heMthfeslight failing oflT?n work. V; Among those who make fine carriages fbi* fine Southern gentlemen, fresh ordersarearriving<2$ily.;Thewholesaje.carriage-ticnranditseemsonlywieeandpropertoaw'iitthe TfcenotoriousGregoryTejedorhascontinuedtofitouttbe abundaiv?e ofl>er harvests, and what is wanted im- mediately to m?tk^ such contributions available to the StarvingthouBano^isfunds,topayfreightsontheseCITY ITEMS.V .-thorn feeling* »*J Sklent,wiH-WMJur©the Liberty law*, ^4 lalh jflCtd o^rmaix^tlytoretirefrom.Coo-er, noonecV»with, irhyforhi*desireb» toraiionofprao©>and »**veredcountry.'.Jtt mnst applaud; butn discus* hia Coro,*« that South Oaro- Statea a r e wtHing fc<> >tn a n d t o return to> A. st:tntion, j Then wt» ^ ^their alleged griov/ »e*tion of a recaedj. nxr'srf'a scheme will u>d rather untiaaeiypeculation jutat now jether Virginia will t<>nStates in. the: edaracy, or whether on.Anintelligent mmtrct argues thatjrevolutionists,ae- cclude her negroes $ >r>ply the fenaatf « from th e cheaper v ; t h t h e m , V i r g i n i a , *<ion oftheir mar- line ofthe Africa* fcree in these aug» apply to tbat parif £be Alleghany •f the State thera re*Mling is byaost ofthepeople, •a Confederation ur*e. while a State cannot consisted]/bodyofitsciti- V and organize awives.1 NEWS, 2GRAPH.Nor. 29, 1860.C O B B .tiling effortsto took the Cabinet the President, pursued. B u t proceed from a it of secession, *cause. Mr. $ T r e a s u r y i s acondition can n o i ed estimatesor obey,., which th eproved ruinous, y vaults, a.beg-*ebtforanysua-^J^B^ v for ninety days. W [•HON ASV FLOYD,bed b y t h e advise*-gardtoremain- edwilleonsuli M>st, Home otherE'iA"hf>N.S uth Carolina *-urprisewhat-} -?ition which jiad previously endeavor t ostes into a co- rnier moredif-re >-mjd, except knehts in vali- dly defectivethe Degroofc Ice, and press- [political infla- ted"tobedis-•f success,and idized orai-Congress.of feeling in ?e. The peo-•/ineoln'selec- In their dutytolookaf;er ficfa is byno or eight votes? lerStanda. I f secessioa o nand others. iie Presidential nog that this j*-d long ago,h>nationwa» % resistance i aThe whole;'v. 29,1860. iy divides tb* |Nnje for'Mr.h brought t o |t majority fjr opinion ot%{rvtu iafor-indignationSjvwKrvAiGlent. I**adow Bail-\l.lijio'clock rh Jfeivfer by rS.Farron Smiti vfluctor, vv^rtf fi^Otdeep.exemption Tn*rt> <HU)UkUM»danspecje. 7 andsellingaslargelyasthis^imeayearago. Lo- darkerhadactuallyarrived,andrushingintoperils .comotivos ;ate being manufactured for Southern wlith prudence may avoid.Itisdeemedpro!*bloj>ere.frominformationreceived roadsasextensivelyasformerly.u^r,tno 8'>m'J Jnadditiontothesereasons,it.seemstomeweshould lo^ay,thatMr.TwiCeywillbeappointedbvthe*Ala- destination we"aremanufacturing ^dges,gas waittoLearfromtheNationalExecutive. Itishis tonm Legislature the Commissioner to attend'the Sotuh works, cotton gins, .cotton pressed water Works: dufy to lock not to Maryland alone, but to the entire Carolina Convention. almost as freely as ever. The parag.^apbs set afloat Ui.ior. B e is, doubtless, correctly advised as to the8€ rwillnotgotoseato-day.FROM- »»i01 the exiled Constitutionalists are beginning to turn . t h e i r f a c e s o n c e m o r e t o t h e c a p i t a l .N.KW'GYMNASTIC FKATS.—-The Oriental Gymnasi- u m , a t N o . 4 8 B a y a r d s t r e e t , i s m u c h p a t r o n i z e d b y youngmenwhodesiretodevelop theirmuscle. TheyW . PorcherTifites b.oes to-morrow.Ordnance and ammunition hav© lately been landeddence succeeds. ' . ', : \ Skating ]has become sb "rpcognized a n institutiontheir congregated wisdom, will give aid to the National Execntive; and that wine and temperate counsels will prevail,.and proixjedings be had which will allay much vf the unkind and unnatural prejudice existing betweenfrom Bchoonerft at Fort* Moultrie. Some of the army j here that one ofttbe clubs, which numbers over 300 (officers.say that now Fort Moultrie is almost impreg- members, fc:O05Y Mdiog quite amexpensive club- the* different sections of our once united and happyjsabie. house at Fairmbunt-Pank, above tbe dam in the The disposition of the people is decidedly to resist ScbUykill, which'arrtft^ly affords such unrivaledthe landing of more troops there.FROMMEXICO.FROMPHILADELPHIA.axes, and floats, with which to rescue those who politely mac^** D u t 8ball bold myself ready to act break through the iqe, but witball modern appli- promptly whe.'1 * "^an" believe the honor and safety ofappears that the battle decisive of the fate of GuadaGKNTLKMKN: Onthe21stinstant,oneof yournum-given way—it tells us that w e must conciliate ber placed in my hand a memorial, signed by you, sug- ions he entertains:grown weak in the knees—its backbone hasthe South by wiping out such laws as may be convened " to comider of the present momentous crisis,, T o MeBera. Z. P . ALBXANDKK, JAKRB K. DATIK^, and others,nostil*tothat *um of all modern villainies, the aiidprovide,ifpracticable,someremedyforthethreat- ni»:mberHoftheGeneralA»8eniblyofArkansas:Fugitive Slavelaw. Butweshalldonosuch eneddanger." Thoughthememorialpresentedno GKNTI.KMEN:HavingpubliclvannouncedthatIhadjorwardwenotonlysumibyourrights,butonour try,andsofarasmyinfluencecouldextend,Ididallinability to maintain them. As au abstract question, my power to defeat him. But he has been constitu- tionally chosen at an election where we all presentedIbelieve,first,thatfromtheadoptionoftheFederal Constitution to the present moment the Southernpeo- -ple have never had lees cause to complain of our Gov- ernmentandthreatenitsoverthrowthantheynow have. If the most experienced and enlightened states- men of other countries could witness theuniversal pros-mean time, some five millions of other specie, belong- ingtomerchants,paidtheexorbitantconductataxitisquiteclearthatpublicsentimentthroughthe onrfavoritecandidates,andtheSouthisboundinhonor North has become so thoroughly educated on this to recognize and reepect the result, as we would haverivedinLondon.On its arrival the Brriish bondholders expressedquestion, that the law is now a dead letter, and can bo enforced only by the bayonet. Bat the North isrequired the North to do had either of the other candi- dates been elected. So far, then, as the cause of ex- citement isconcerned,I cannot' but think it withoutmuch difsatisfaction that their money had not been for-Hotcontentwiththismethodofrenderingitnugato- jestfoundationjy. Itdemands,notarepeal,butasimplemodifi- „.Identified,asIam,bybirth,andeveryothertie,somuchofit.isonthebrins.ofdisruption,theywould owingtothekindnessof Gen.Sirtoii,whogave lost.c a t i o n , g i v i n g t o t h e s l a v e h o l d e r a l l h i s r i g h t s u n d e r t h e Constitution, permitting him t o catch his slaves, 3xotcompellingu&todothefouldutyibrhim.All argument on this question is idle waste of words.w i t h t h e S o u t h , a s l a v e h o l d e r , a n d f e e l i n g a s w a r m l yfor my natrve State as any man can do, I am yet com-b e ; d r i v e n t o t h e c o n c l u s i o n t h a t a g e n e r a l l u n a c y h a d seized upon the minds of tbe American people.h i m o n e a f t e r t h e t r o o p d h a d a d v a n c e d s o m e t w o A.H t o t h e r e s p o n s i b i l i t y o f t h e a f f a i r , i t o f c o u r s e l i e s n.ilea, that the Brigaaier w as mounted. Every with the Government of Mexico, if any such thing can horsewasseizedbytheItalianofficersofthearmyof befound.ThedepartureoftheBritishLegation,how-nothing in the bare election of Mr. Lincoln which Public opinion all over the North and West has been would justify the South in taking any steps tendingaided by the intrigues of the Southern disunionists,.as They might go and'buy for themselves at Naples or tected behind, can scarcely be excused. . ncriustincation for a thought of revolution. Elected elsewheie, where enormous prices were, asked .for THK COMING EVKNTS. undertheformsoftheConstitution,thosewhowould worthlessbrutes. Butthegreatestdifficultythathas InconsequenceofthecaptureofGuadalajara,"tbewm* mwM^8W•imonttn^andallHKreedtosuspendimmediatelynot- maker8.ibrthe-South*eolraoreslackness,butno rlewillnotfailtoactwithboldnees,whenitbecomesrecifsary,beciu.sewewaitedwihpatiencethetrue hasnotpaidallthebillsof.hisship,theUnitedStatuecountry.jj^/eving that all should act, or decline to act, as cir-vided, not oip^y with reels, cords, ladders, hooks, fotmation of t n e wishes of the people, and great de- liberation' j aspect fully decline to gratify the request socnrrp/£iices may render proper, I must, as at present also a huubah^ JSociety, a s tlib building is t o be pro- advised L V my "own judgment, founded upon much in-skating ground. ; J^eside being,a.skating club, it is!THE K W D O F COMPROMISE-rNOW AND HEREAF- ances for resuscitating the partially drowned ones. Maryland requn'* ^,e t o a c t i n %e premises.city. There the relieving army, under Gen. Marquez andadetaebmeht.under Gen. Castillo, numbering in all some 10,000 men; were met, attacked, and utterly .routed by the Liberals, under Gen. Zoragbza, so that very few ever found their way back again to the city. The generals only escaped with their lives, leavingpublicly in this city since his return from Europe, and the occurrence of this opportunity to meet and welcome . him, upon the broad platform of Literature and Hwtory,, TER—MONEY A N D MANUFACTURES—SOUTH- ERN PAY—SKATING SYSTEMATIZED.From Our Own Corr.-poi.dent.PHILADELPHIA, NOV. 28, IdSO.For this latter object a complete surgeon's room willbe fitted up. By using these precautions, havingthe means of rescue always at hand, these clubshave saved hundreds of persons from drowning. LETTER FROM Evcryyear the skatingground ismorecrowded withTHOS. H. HICKS.ALBERT RUST.ThatwasnoblyutteredbyTHETRIBUNEyes-skaters,andtheaccidentsareannuallyincreasing terday, that " the Free States will not be in number..'Thesubjoinedletterfrom"iV'PenoftheHon-Albert ou8and2,000prieoners,inthebands of tbeenemy. The fayette,"tbeBostonpapersspeakveryhighly,andwe prisoners,'however, were soon after set at liberty, on may gafely calculate upon seeing a crowded hall and«'bullied,"andwasworthyofitalics. ItmeetsWith, hearty responso from thousands of sturdy LETTER FROM. GOV. HICKS. . tain members of the Legislature now i n »ession,|and his farm, and cultivating his garden. The man who iearts among us, and it is the only true position REFUSAL TO CONVENE T H E MARYLAND treats upon the great political question \?'hich now so might be, after the King, the first personageof Italy,to be taken and maintained. W e thank you for g i v i n g o u t t h e t e x t s o e m p h a t i c a l l y t h a t a l l m a y Understand. Theonly Kepublican evening paper iere hasmiserably taken theback track. IthasLEGISLATURE—HIS VIEWS ON SECES- SION.E x i x t m v K C H A M B E R , A n n a p o l i s , N o v . 2 7 , 1 8 6 0 .To THOMASG. TKATT, SPKHW HAKWOOD, J. S. FJIANKUN, N. H. GKKK.V,LLKWKLLYXBOY LB, and J. FIVKKXT, etqi.Vcanc orai absorbs the pnblic mind in a spirit of equai ^ ?<*p a t r i o t i s m . ; I t i s i n t e r e s t i n g a n d i m p o r t a n t t< > a ^ o nthink his. honor, would allow hiin to remain at the C o u r t o f V i c t o r E m a n u e l . H e m a y b e w r o n g i n thinkingthatthepresentadvisersofthe Italian KingandservingInnviews;-butnobodycandenythatthere "Thenewsfromtheinterior issoimportant and so each have little dressing-rooms, wherein to depositis something grand in his retirement. decisive as to the triumph of the Constitutionalists, their street adorning* when they don the garb of gym-' Almost all of Garibaldi's general officers, except that. I expect to return in a few days to the City of nasts. During the last few months these students of Medici and Coeenz, will, I hear, follow his example, Mexico.''andresign their^commissions. TheHungarian Gen- Anotherletter,ofequalauthority,says: health have suffered much from thedepredationsofgesting to me that the Legislature should be forthwith ROCKY WAY, ARK., Nov. 12, 1850.One of the prominent causes of the excitement now oi Mr. Peek's paper, and this would be an*abuse of hisI the Italian officers, which has shown itself in continuedattempts to impair the efficiency of the English.Though Home of the men were literally without shoes(those they hadbrought from Englandhavingbeentoo light for campaigning, o r perhapa well worn beforethey arrived), every application for new .onesWas re-fusedontheunfoundedpleathatnonewere'instore.On the last day's march.Garibaldiordered before start- and export duties demanded, was safely shipped at ing each man to have two days' biscuit served out. Vera Cruz, and as before recorded, has already ar-jnineO to maintain undying hostility to it. Com-promise on this issue has become a n obsolete hope. pervading the Southern States is the unfortunate result courtesy of which I will not be guilty. I shall content Thedayforcompromisewitha people who never oftherecentelection,whichhasraisedMr.Lincolnto mvselfherewithstatingmy position*, andawaitan-under loci and'key, at the City of Mexico. In the erty stolen the young rascal bad presented to an esti-decision of our nearest Southern sitter, rather than run theriskof<lashingwithherby;hastyaction—ourpeo-Bowers, and has one now in port ready for vsea—theWIWTERGARDKW—THEArosTATZ.—Bringingu*» contributions,thattheymayreachthefamishingwith- forceeveryaidofhi*unquestionedgenius.Mr.Edwiawithstanding the most of them canpay dollar for dollar prcsiX'Ct of discharging hJ*nds, as they are making time for action, instead of becoming alarmed before Consul has been applied to, to stop the vessel, which out delay. W e understand that measures are being a :;Itisnowconsideredcertainherethattheordinance ofgreatnumbersofoperativesbeiixgdischarged trueconditionofthecountry,whosechiefofficerheis,THE NEAPOLITAN REVOLUTION.CorreapondenoeofTheMandbeaierGuardian.kingdom,hasleftNaples,heartbrokenandpoorashe KanFas,andtheyoughttobesoldatonceandthuspro- came. Yonare,perhaps,awarethatafterthep.'cbiscite ducethehandsomesumof$1,000. Eachpersonpur-andmusthave meansofjudging correctly as.toits Of <««<>nwdlbepassedeitheronthe17thorl§thof fromthisclassofestablishments,arealtogetherun- condition,farmoreextensivethantheseatmycom-'NAPLES, November 10, 1860. Garibaldi is gone. Tiegreat manwhohasDecember. true. Thesefactsgotoshow,that,thoughsome mand;andofdecidingproperlyastowhatmeasures Mr.HammondhaswrittenalettertotheGeorgiase- classesintheSouthdon'tpayupastheyshould,yet are.1estsuitedtocomposeournationaltroubles;andI Ce»nocmeeting,sayingSonthCarolinawillbeoutof thereareotherswhopayalltheyovye..Ta.keital- will,say,thatJconsideritbutrespectfultoawaitthetogether,thepresentweekgivesevidenceofa*much recommendationsofthathighfunctionary. therjnio.n,high, dry,andforever,byDec.18,atfar- more hopeful andcheerful feeling in the pvblic Congresstoowillbeinsessiononthe3dprox.,and thest. mind, The panic proper has subsided, the reason- coning, as its members will do, from every section ofneverfinditsredemptioninthecompanyafpresent engaged attbeWinter Garden. From ourgeneral clemency we desire to except only Mr. Lingham, who undertooktoactHemeya,theMoor,bntwho,not having in bis costaa>e <Sne «?£!& afticis belwjging t * the Moo^j, dress, and wbo, withal, was too dainty to color bis pretty face of the Moorish hue, looked Uk» an idiot throughout the first and second acts...I . <m •••The Hon. CHAS. SUMNER is announced, we notice, tn deliver his lecture on fafoyctU's Life and Character at Cooper Institute this evening. With the single e x - ception of bis speech last July, when many of our citi- zens were out of town, Mr. Sumner h a s n o t appearedOurrepresentativesareleavingforWashington. ingfacultyresumescontrolandanimprovedcon^- thecountry,itisbutreasonabletohopetKatthey,'inchasing one of these tickets will receive in the Way of amusementthefullvalueofhismoney,andatthesame time may feel the consciousness of having done some- thing t o protect helpless women a n d children from starvation. M r. Hyatt has already advanced $1,800, while he has received in contributions only $1,100^With grout reapecv,\ J am, your obedient servant,Boteld'Inghilterra, whete he had taken up his quar-tets, with only £ 0 0 in his pocket. H is secretary,Signer Basso, told one of my colleagues that this £60was all the money the Genetal possessed. " But howwill you live?" said my friend toSignor Basso, "whenatCapreza?" " Well, we live as wo did before 1859 —cultivateourland,cutourwoodinourforest,andfiftypiecesofartillery,alltheirstoresandammunition,Mr.Sumner'sliteraryefforts.Ofthelectureon"La- then carry the produce of our labor to Genoa and sellNot. 27, I860.As an individual, I will very cheerfully sustain himthepoliticalcrisisandwhereitwillend. Butun-benefitedbyaconstitutionaladminiHtrationoftheGov- andpatrioticsageswhoframedtheConstitution.Onr tribunalasentenceoftwomouths'imprisonment. withintheywillfindanarmy,whichindefenseofitsAssortsofopinionsprevailamongustouchingto seduce the men, and has received from the militaryance^beforethewallaofMexico,tobesiegeit;but acquaintancewithtbeBrooklynhudysimplybecausebeare oppressed by pecuniary stringencies. The rais- ingofmoneyletsdownthespirits,andthisdepres- sion tinges with forebodings the whole energy of the man. Y et it is not to be disguised that cool heads *vith pockets still undepleted grieve over the exist- ing embroglio and wish that we were out of it. N o one would take back the election of Lincoln. T h e«3eedhasbeen bravelydone,andbravelywillits conclusions be enforced. This is.the unanimous sen- timent, no matter what convulsion may follow. B u t taking thingsastheyare,notaswewoulddesireacts of some ^Northern Legislatures in passing laws vir- Whatever moral influence I may be able to exert. priscn; and if they had been Italian soldiers they would Cyes a last and decisive encounter betweenthe nationalCUT HIS THROAT.—James Commerford, of No. 20S East Twenty-fourth street, on Wednesday night cut hig throatwitharazorWhilepartiallydeitinged.H^eWM conveyed to Bellevue Hospital, where it is feared be will,not recover.themtobe,thecloudwhichoverhangscommerce, Weknowthatthereareverymanysound,Union-loving•4'm• Counterfeit$5-billsontheRocklandCountyBankStocks, and money, cannot fail to discharge Decisionalexplosions. A s one bright streak of light appears on it,it wiBsuddenlyclose upintogloombysome telegraphic dispatch, from t h e South, n o matterwhether it be the truth or.a lie, so' much do ment a k e counsel o f their fears. A single factory dis- rarely fails to arrive a t right conclusions,-will, I finialy charging its hands will vmake a new sensation, trust^ecuretherepealoftheselaws, nowthat theirfjion has been so distinctly drawn to their_ evil the filing of a heavy firm another. - T h e newt. „_.ects. Already we see that propositions for their re- of the first disunion cockade was nuts pealhavebeen,madeintheLegislaturesnow^inses- l i e alarmists, a n d t h e lies, (Udd .a&out t h e sion, and we are informed that similar propositions willjfemous Palmetto flag were equally rich in-re- beintroducedintoallofthem when they meet. Let sults.SpeciewillflowinfromEuropewithinthirty usbecarefulnottoweakenthehandsoftheseConser-whichoughttohavebrokenyearsago,willoneofthesedays break entirely,andthence anotherIright, of which the telegraph will be sure to makethe most. These shocks to public confidence must the effect of increasing and reviving the excitementlie looked for ot every turn. Men must be pre- now pervading the country, and now apparently opparedforthemuntilthecloudliftsandmovesaway. thedecline. Itwouldatonce_beheraldedbythe When that happy moment will be, no one can now sensitive "newspapers and alarmists throughout. theforetell. Events arein a transition state. A countryasevidencethatMarylandhadabandonedalljnighty revolution in the whole policy^of this Gov- h'-pe of the Union, and was preparing to join the t) aitors to destroy i t .ernment is a t this moment taking place; a contest of Is such the trite position or .wish o f Maryland? I principle; and no great principle either ia politics think I have bad very full opportunities of learningOnMonday,Nov.26,at11,a.m.,abreastofCape Florida,passedsteamerDeSoto,hencetoHavana.ThehealthofHavanawasgood,andtheweatherfair,—TheHons.PrestonKingofNew-York,J.Wood- ruffofNew-Haven,O.S.FerryofConnecticut,andtuallynullifyingthepositiveprovisionsoftheConsti- willbeinfavorof.theinaugurationoftheelected hadthirteenvears. tution in reference to fugitive slaves. There can be.no President and the enforcement of the constitutionalarmyandtheforcesoftheDemocracy..Whowill have tbe honor of being crowned with the.lHurebj of victory ? That alone lies with the omniscience oftwo opinions in Maryland as to the outrageous charac- ter of these acts, for Maryland has been a constant suf- ferer from them, and has lost more of this. description of property than all the extreme Southern States com- bined. Strongly insulting to the Southern States, they areintheplainestoppofciiiontothedecisionsofthe highest Court, and the letter of the Constitution which these Legislatures have sworn to support. But, gen- tlemen,theselawsdonot,inmyjudgment,expressthe oj ir.ions of the great conservative masses of the North.laws of the United States after his election.I conclusion, I will say that all I am, and have, andGARIBALDI AND THE VENETIANS.The following is an extract from a Turin letter of God.men at the North who are utterly opposed to these fa- ed authorities, carrying out the will of her people, natical measures, passed by demagugues who have should be different, r will yield to it a mournful acqui-Captain of the Seventh Ward arrested Abner Young for passing one of the bills.been temporarily placed in power by the agitation of the Slavery question.escence.JUspectt'uUy, yoar obedient servant,A . RUST-HAVANA.But the eobef.second thought of the masses, whichOn the other hand, the Constitutionalists are equally eagerforthe fight. In bis addressto.thearmy after thecaptureofGuadalajara,Gen.Zaragozasays:•...— mthe dining-rocm property a t tbat establishment. T h e officerrecoveredabout$25worthofthestolenarticle*, andhasawarranttosearchseveralplaceswheremore of tbe articles are supposed to be concealed. Dixon was locked up for examination.F I E T H W ARD.—The.Mozart Hall Ward Convention of the Fiftth Ward have nominated:•ForSchoolCommissioner,,Janie«K.DupigDAC:Inspector.A. V.Dalrywplt);Trustee.ThomasF.Www,Churlo*tWdhoffV to fill v£eancy. Chariot* Copping; Cou#tabltv<, David Jackson,North and South, until they shall crush out all hope of perpetuatingourgloriousUnionI?,-,.'Icannotbutbelievethat.theconveningoftheLegis- lature in extra session at this time would only haveHis Royal'Higness, at theplatform oftheSouth J.K.Doolittle of Wisconsin,Lieut;Fleming and D. Henry Wnt,€>rreligionhaseveryetbeenestablished butatthe thewi»hesOfthepeopleuponthisquestion,andI have 11,Si'&H?rialu;NOH.12and14,9'a>9$rial«. Muscovado**—None formwithLadyMount-Edgecumbe, theHon.George cost of corresponding sufferings and sacrifices. no hesitation in declaring it as my opinion that an im- in murXet. Stock of Sugar on hand in Havana and Matanzai),Fifth-Avenue Hotel. ;• '4£.CO0r against 61,000 boxen oame date lant year. Edgecnmbe. Port Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, Our Revolution w as achieved through grief and mense majoriyt of all parties are decidedly opposed to MoLASBBn—Rut few iniall lot* offering at 62lc. •|v keg,- clayed. .K.C. B., Aamiral-Superintendent Sir ThomasPasIey,the assembling of the Legislature at -this time.EXCHANGES—Sixty daya sight on London, VA*'ti)i4>.tycent impotent in describing them. Christianity itself been in circulation for some time, but I have thus far preni.; Pari*, if&J\ <p cent prem.; Spain. 5^?/H> -p.cent prom.;losses so intense and crushing, that history has beenFftKJOHTs utill continue inactive; but few v«e«elK taken up.Major-General Hutchinson, Commander^df the Forces intheWest,&c.P r e c i s e l y a t 6£ " o ' c l o c k ; t h e R o y a l t r a i n a r r i v e d a t t h e Windsor station, where the Windsor "Rifles formed a guard of honor.His Royal Highness the Prince Consort came to the stationto'receivethePrince.Therewerealsoonthe platform Mr. William Vam-.ittart, M. P., the Mayor (Mr. Henry Driver), the Rev. H. J. Ellison, Vicar of Windsor, the Rev.Henry C. Hawtrcy, Mr..HenryStevens, Mr. Robert Blunt, Capt. Turner, &c.The Viince. proceeded to the Castle amid the. hearty cheers of the inhabitants, the.firing of a Royal salute from the corporation ordnance, and the ringing of joy- buB- peals from the bells of the Chapel Royal of St.George tmd St. .John's Church. |of Nashville, B. C. Cross of Philadelphia, M. D. W .Loomis of Cincinnati^ and Andrew Brown of London, Hone Elmer, Will he given at 3 o'clock afternoon, and TJ- eveaing.least just before the suspension. I think I neverieard of more savage rates for a day or two be-fore, being.all the way u p from one t o five per cent» m o n t h , a n d t h a t , t o o , o n c o l l a t e r a l s o f t h e s t r o n g -est kind. Much of this grew out of the effort tocarry stocks. At this time there is a hopeful let-up,tV;r, and their «ilence, under the circumstances, shows that they see no such necessity for immediate action.To my mind, difficulties multiply as we proceed with the consideration of this subject.T h e C o n s t i t u t i o n o f t h e S t a t e p r e s c r i b e s b i e n n a l s e s - sions of the Legislature Of limited length, and author- ity is given to the Governor to convene the LegislatureReyn'ee Bron. it Co.. •Reynee Bro.-». i: Co...ReyneH Brow. Sc Co... 40,000 Ouiwt, Savoy k. Co O. Renaiid &. Bachem.Pe«ant Bro«. & Co....A n t o . M . H.-:."Jtiviera it-Bl'-MT otal.....SSITt, ^ t h * r <"*«»»<''' o f peculiar importance to the m>x<»«. N o . 658 Broadway, cor. Bond-«t.. New-York. From 10 to 2, a»d6to«, evening. Om»uUati<m enFranyxi*. C.D.HAXXOSA, M.D. m_. {Advertisement.]EDWARD H. DIXON, M. D., Editor .of TheScalpel* and Operating nod Consulting Surgeon. No. « 5th a v .though the general want of confidence in the future only on extraordinary occasions. If I were to do soOfliee counulttttionu oa the more obacure dweaawi of the peJvi£ vl < rB u ,ur pmakes almost every kind o f business extremely aluggish. There is a prodigiousdulluess in the shoe and leather trade. Shoemakers have been dis- charged, not in very large numbers, while those atiii at work continue at lower wages. The cloth- ing bouses have discharged a good,many handsen- gUged on Southern work, not because their South- ern customers don't order goods, but because they do or4er and don't send the money, for credit m that qutwter is pretty much cut off. 1 could name otherware*nowpiledupandreadyforthoseatthe jSouthwhoorderedthem,andwhohavebeennoti- fied that they waxt be paid for before shipment.now it would he necessary to. ban-ass the people in COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL ANXIETY FOR• f. i? : i? P «>. »««- Varicocele, and Fistula, ntatoallv c»red withouttheknifeorUgature. Officehour«from3to9,Jlto3.. and.7 to 9 eveningw.Memorials, similar to that which youpresent,have* \ a d e d t h r o u g h s e a s o f b l o o d b e f o r e i t g a i u e d a p e r - r e c e i v e d b u t - o n e , a n d t h a t s i g n e d o n l y b y s i x n a m e s ,jnauent foothold-in the. earth. I t is too early to although, I learn,it has. been presented to the peopleform an opinion. of the city generally for their signatures. The \vinnes Char)**Mayer..'Moneyhasbeenfabulouslyscarcewith,us,at ofthepeopleshouldcertainlyberespectedinthismat- IteyneHBroH.&Co...England, are a t the St.'Nicholas. •—Lieut. T . H . Larned and T. G. Bayler of the Uni-• '[ AdvDrtiMMuetrt. ]ffljg.^3I-be-s'ppret:sJ€d„yti0rt who admire tb* ^scholar, ship a n d rhetorical finish which always characterize,Y TRIBUNE, FREDAY, JTOY^MBER30, i860.Ruet, a member of the present .J^ ^ of Representa- it." It seems almost a romance, but it is nevertheless tivesfromtheState-ofArkansas,is,addressed^tocer- truethatwithinaweekGaribaldiwillbelaboringonLyra—clearingfortheCanaries,butastheconsigneeBoothisenabledtogiveacertaintragicinteresttoti* takenforapublicmeeting,toplacetbeconditionand characterof"Pescara"inRichardJUiIorShieh)'super- necessities of Kansas properly before the people of this latively wretched play, T h e Apostate! With thi« city,which,itistobehoped,mayresultinaffording single exception, a performance morethoroughly suletantial relief. In the mean time, those who wish deepicable, more inexcnsably bad in every posuiWe to contribute in a moderate way may do so by pur- particular, was never presented to a New-York paMie.chasingticketsofadmissiontotbeAmericanMuseum, In.mercytothemiserableactors,wewithhold theirWhich are for sale Jit the counting-room of THE TRIB- names. Tbe play, as written by the author, is so bad securedthe-unityofItaly,andwhohasgivenVictor UNE.Mr.Barnumhasverygenerouslyplaced4,000 tbatnothingbutthehighestorderofactingcanever Emanuel9,000,000ofsubjectsanda magnificent ticketsatthedisposalofMr.Hyatt,forthebenefitof remieitfromthecontemptofthepublic,anditcanA private letter of thehighest authority at Vera fectwhichthatpositionenableshimtogivetotheopin- areacting underthe pressureofthe,FrenchEmperor Cruz,eays: ' '.accountoftheofficialpositionofitsauthor,,andi^eef-eralTtirrLadalieadygentinhisresignation,,butit "TheoccupationofGuadalajarabytheLiberals,and somepersonwhowasinthehabitofgettingintoth«ir pointswhichhadnot been carefullyconsideredbyme ceasedtobeacandidatefortheUnited States Senate, ^vannotacceptedbytheKing. ThedepartureofGari- thecompleteroutofGen.Marquez,areconsideredhere dressing-roomsandrobbingtheirgarmentsofsuchval-debasingthing. Thesentimentonthissubjectis beforeitsreceipt,yettherespectablecharacterotthe forthefranklyavowedreasonthatIcouldindulgeno fclmost universal here, thatitisforthosewho signerseecuredforitmymoatrespectful attention; hopeofsuccess,Imightwithproprietyabstainfromba?dibasproducedapainfulimpressionuponhisarmy, a*,tbebeginningoftheendoftbecivil,war. TheCon-ablesasmighthavebeenleftinthem. Thus,Wm.J. HughsofNo.49 Wall street, lost a goldwatchaud chainworth$70;Wm.G.BellofNo.13Rutgers streetlost$130incash;RodneyN.Curtis,aclerkia tho Metropolitan Bank, lost two watches worth $100.taliation against an enormous outrage—and that cover the necessity or the propriety of convening the his opinions and purposes in regard tothosegrave q ues- too hard npon them, but I am sorry to say that some in all to $900,000. The Spanish Embassador haa pro-When this law shall have been shorn of its atro- Legielatuie of Maryland at the present time. tiens. which youjpropound for discussion—questions cf them did not dp-great honor to-England. Having tested, in;thename of the diplomatic corps, against this A young man named Thomas Corbett, who wasinc i o u s r e q u i r e m e n t t h a t a l l w h i t e m e n h e r e s h a l l b e - ' I h a t t h e t i m e s a r e b i g w i t h p e r i l , I k n o w a n d ' f e e l . u r o n w h o . e e s o l u t i o n d e p e n d t h e w e l f a r e a n d h a p p i n e s s a k e d o n e o f t h e b r & c e r s t o e x p l a i n t o m e t h e r e a s o n s a c t o f v i o l e n c e i n a> t h r e a t e n i n g t o n e l T h e n a t i v e t b e h a b i t o f v i s i t i n g t h e p l a c e , b u t w h o w a s n o t a p u p t L comeslave-catchers,itwillbequitetimeforthe Thatthecrisisdevolvesuponmefearfulresponsibilities ofthewholeAmericanpeople,andthehonesofthe whichc&U'edthealmostentiieciisbandmentofthereg- Mexicanandforeignpopulationofthecityhavealikestruck the first blowto m&Kethe first atonement andsofar.asmvpowera.ofthoughtandtheengrossing anyreplytoyournoteofthe10th.mat., addressedto •—•thattheFugitivelawwasdesignedly made a natureofmyofficialdutieshaveenabledme,Ihave/ myselfandanumberofgentlemenwhoareconfessedand}donotthinkthevolunteerscanbehowinduced torem.^a.186Of co.* * the English regiment will melt away likestitutionalarmywillmarchatonceonthecapital, Wheire, as.youwill see,Miramon, in hisdespair,is resortingtoeveryexpedienttomaintainhimself."devoted mynelf anew to a fair, frank, rational reexam- candidates for the place. Vindictivethingforthedeliberatepurposeofex- inationofthesubjectuponwhichIhave'thehonorto Feeling,however,thatitwasnolessthedutyofaInreferenceto-theso-calledsackingoftheBritishIWperating t h e North—that whatever legislation be thus addressed. This renewed consideration has not man occupying my present position than of one aspiringIhelattermayhaveindulged in wasmerelyre- hadtheeffecttoaltermvfirstimpressionsoftheqnes- tothesame,orahigherone,inthepresentperilous ti<m, and I have to consider myself still unable to dis- and threatening aspect of public affairs, to make knowntheothervolunteers. Thedisciplineofthat regimenthad already been shaken, and half of the men had dis- Legation, a letter from the capital says:bandedthems'-'Jves. It.ispainfultothinkoftheending "MiramonhaebrokenthesealsoftheBritishLega- and$10incash;theproprietorofthegymnasiumlost of :thi* affair of' tbe English volunteers. I will not b e tion and taken therefrom the English funds, amounting a watch and clctbiig worth $50.and delicate and important duties, I am fully aware. votaries of free government throughout thti civilized 3STorth to repeal' iis hostile laws. This depriving That I am bound to meet those duties and responsibili- world—I promptly determined to respond.the viper of hisfangs must also be done by ties,IalHOknow,andthatIoweittothegoodpeople TheeditorofTheOld-Line Democrat, "knowing voluntary motion of the South, who did ofMarvlandtodecidewithcaution,andactwithpru- thatIdidnotexpecttoremainhereuntilthe"ensuing ihe original wrong, rotby forcible action-ofthe dence,keepinginviewtheirinterestsandsafety,!feel week,"kindlytenderedmetheuseofbis columnsforMnsibly. It is with a full view of all these considera- the puipcse. But I found upon the very threshold of North. So long as the former is satisfied with the tions that I have arrived at myconclusions on this mat- the argument which I proposed to submit in support ofbloody code i t has enacted, s o long a r e w e deter- ter. my .potitions, that it woulu more than occupy the wholethe l*residential Chair. Personally I was as much op- other occasion, when I shall give the " reasons for the yet made one but to bri;ak it, has gone by., Hence- posed to his election as was any other mau in the coun- faith tbat is in me."iment, he furnished me with a statement which I now procetd to condense. , •'...;Whilethereceptionofthebrigadewassoenthusias-ticonthepartofthepeople^NationalGuard,andexpressed their profound indignation at the act." was suspected of tbe many thefte, but no evidence From this it would appear that this a«t of violence against him could be found. On Friday evening, Mr.Thebrigadereceivedoneday'srationsforthetwodays.Afterwards, nothing but bread and a small portion ofcheese was issued to tbem, while the Garibafdiaus hadfull rations. Garibaldi ordered horses to be sent for warded also, whatever might have been the cost. A n d the staff, but not one bad arrived when the this distatisfaction will in no degree be diminished by asuniversal,thattheGovernmenttowhichweowo marchfiomSautangeiocommenced,anditwasonly thenews,whichnowreachesus,thatallhasbeenperity enjoyed by the people of our own, and at tho sametimetnefear,ifnottheconviction,whichisalmostvinced cerouchpresentsas.shehadreceivedfromherlover,. andtheywererestoredtotberigbtfc!'owners.At Corbett's boarding-house, No. 240 Broome street, wasfoundanumberofpawn-ticketsrepresentingva- rious watches and other property which he had stolen and pawned. These were aSso• recovered. Corbett,. whoisnotquite20yearsofage,isthesonof veryIrecognizetheelectionofMr.Lincoln,byless,-per*pelledbymysenseoffairdealing,andmyrespectforthe Constitution of our 'country, to declare that I see, baps, than one-tbird of the votes of the United States, the South, and none could be found for the English. ever, for Jalapa, leaving such great interests unpro-towardaseparationoftheseStates. Afr.Lincolnbe-ing elected, I am willing to await further results. If reisist or defeat by force hisinauguration would commit been thrown in the way of the br:gade arises from a " second city ofthe Republic," and the advance ofthe respectable parents who reside in this city, but fromoutragedbythissanguinarylaw,andtherankling arritantmustbefirstremoved. WethankTHE TKIBUNK again and again for its unconquerable ut- terances at all times, i>ut t^u-n^iiy lyYiv in telling US that •«•the Free States will not be bullied. "derlyingallisaconvictionthattheNorth,being ernment,if,onthecontrary,heshallabnsethetrust firstremedy,underaFederalaggression,asinthecase Someofthemenwereunfortunatelytakeninthefac$ principles^andconvictions,hasalreadymadesacrifices couldtakepartofhismealsatherfather'shouse,andguiltless of wrong, has no atonement to make, and • confided to him, I shall be found as ready and deter- of the Missouri Compromise, which was pronounced by of having participated in the plunder of the farmhouse and submitted to suffering with a fortitude that enables thus "ea*eup" on his board bills. Ho was yesterdaymined as any other man to arrest him in his wrong the Supreme Court of the United States as a nullity, is near Calvi, and were ordered to be shot; but General it to still stand ready to shed all its blood before it will taken before Justice Brennan, and fully committed to willnotbecoercedintoanyhumiliation. Ithas courses,andtoseekredressofourgrievancesbyany anappeaLtothissameCourt. Thisfailing,us,'our Garibaldidesiredthattheirlivesmightbespared,and submittodishonor. Greateventsarethereforeabout answer.eaten dirt enough aforetime, and is so sick of such and all proper means. . . . . only resort is revolution. T o do this, whenever an the Colonel kept them prisoners, and handed them over to take place in the Valley of Mexico; the people ofNutriment that it will eat no more. Those who The other chief cause of the excitement referred to aggression is attempted by the Federal Government, I to the military tribunal at Caserta. They have been this Ibeautiful city are soon to witness many a <?rand,leaver in their faith or firmness are those Only who in your memorial isthe unconstitutionaland disgraceful am ready to commit myself. sentenced to two yearp' confinement, in a military blocdy spectacle. They will soon see with their ownhewilladministertheGovernmentina.properand thehighestcrimeknowntoourJaws. cliqueofdisappointedEnglishmeninNaples. Someof ConstitutionalarmyuponMexico,"thefirst,"thepatriotic manner, we areall.bound tosubmittohie 9 No one who bun ro«d the debatex upon the Constif vi- thete, who have been endeavoring to' raise corps of acting President, Miramon, had issued a proclamationA.To/jr.ijrtH.Ti'Ar,, rrnuh «s» we VOAJ have opposed his rion and the cotemporary political history of our coun- their own, have offered bounty and high pay to desert- declaring,a new forced loan of $300,000. The procla-whomhehadbeenestrangedbybisbadconduct.•He has been living the lirVof a fast man and gay Lothario ontbeproceedsofhisvillainy. Heseemstotakethe whole matter as a joke, and says'that he kept up hisrelection.try will maintain, I presume, the constitutional right ers. One officer, who professed to belong, to Colonel mation says:of a State to secede from the Union. Such a pretension inwelldoing,becausemysuneringcountrywillbe is,inmyopinion,aninsulttothememoriesofthewiseDunn's brigade, was arrested in the fact of attempting " Numerous forces are about to make their appear-hope for, are identified with- my adopted State, and I the 12th: 'Fellow-ritizens^spiri^constancy, a few more suffer- am ready/to involve them in her destinies. " The Venetian emigrants, whoso numbers increase ings, one more sacrifice for the altars of our country,EUROPE.whichgavetotheKingof.NorthernItalytheseprov-inces, Garibaldi requested Victor Emmanuel that thedecreesofbisAdministrationshouldberecognised,andthat the commissions of his officers should be confirmed,after the examination of a commissiun d'cnguelc. /Forsome reason Or other, Victor Emanuel—Or, to speakmore properly, Count Cayour—refused to grant whatGaribaldi had repeatedly asked. Garibaldi remonstra-ted, and spoke openly to the King; but all was of noavail, and thinking himself wronged he came to thedeteimination of leaving Naples at once. Before hisdeparture, however, he sent to his friend VictorEmanuel the resignation of the rank of Marshal, and thegrand collar of tbe Annunciation which bad^ been b e -stowed upon him. He then left Naples with his son Me-notti andthree ofhis intimate friends—Guiniaroli, Fras-cianti, and Basso. Tho ex-Dictator of Naples left the lajaxa, took place actually about two leagues from thatiecapitulationofthecity,whichwasthenecessaryconsequence of tbe battle. hearing a brilliant historical lecture on a subject wbiohIbis new turn in affairs bad bee» the cause of great itself is unusually attractive. chooses to return tohismnnble life, for he o0£3not rejoicing throughout the country, and the more ardentTHE SHIF ASHORE.—The ship reported ashore on I believe that .if the opinions and wishes of nine- daily, have organized committees in every large town. and we will hope, in faith, for the future happiness of Matchepungo Shoals, near Smith Island, in yesterday's tentbsofthepeopleofArkansasarereflectedbyher TheprincipaloneisatTurin,andlasteveningitheld Mexico." edition,isnodoubttheBremenshipLula,reportedrepresentatives.at Little Bock and in Washington, her a meeting, attended by all its members. After some Elsewhere the proclamation speaks, of the war as a ashore some six months ago, with all! three lower mastacourse in the present political crisis will be temperate andconservative. IfI-shonldbemistaken,and,inon- position to my humble but honest and earnest counsels andremonstrances,heraction,throughherconstitut-discussion on administrative matters, of no interest to " war in defense of religion, a war in the name of .the anybutthepersonsconcerned,oneofthemembers army,awarinthenameofsociety;"butfromthestanding.INTERESTINGFROMA THIEVING HOTEL WAITER.—Officer Duffy of the Fourteenth Ward yesterdayarrested a eoloredman, named Dixon, who has been for maay years a headThe U. S. mail steamer Quaker City, Shufeldt, com-mander,arrivedlasteveningfromHavana,aftera announcementofthisvoteandanaddress." yourenemiesliavemadeanypreparationforresistance,very boisterous passage, having left there on Sunday, 25thbust.,at12,noon,inaseveregalefromthonorth-J have confidence in you that you are ready for a lastTHE RETURN OETHE PRINCE OF WALES. combat,inwhich youwill forever break thechains,Thecorrespondent.ofTheLondon Timesclosesa thereforgedfortheopprestionoftheMexicanpeople."The next news from this distracted Republic, there-fore, will, in all probability, bring us something deci-hive as to the fate of the capital at last. The ultimate is trainmiring here. A s the latter will assuredly j by the agitation of the Slavery question. Shall not Nov. 17, at^2 p. m., on the outward voyage'of the His Royal Highness landed at the Royal William fate ot\ the.RepubUc rests upon other and higher con-clavs, but with it w U come intelligence that "all vatives by adopting ultra measures at the South, which east, which continued, with a very heavy sea, during long account of the tedious passage home of theEngland is not only astonished, but alarmed a t what J always aid the Northern ianatics, • who can only exist 48 hours. •occasion pani•c there, so the new—s o-«f•such1- a pani:c~ that conservative class have some kindly consideration Quaker City, in a severe gale, Thomas Mana of New- Victualling-yard, where he was received by the \ Ply- siderations.there will stimulate new alarms here. Some bank, at our hands ? or shall we regard only the ultraists, York, seaman, was washed overboard, and lost.mouth Volunteers,:under Major Duperier, and a guard of honor of the i2th, commanded by a field-officer. A t thestationCol.Lambrickand100Royal Marines formed a guard of honor on the platform."N e w - Y o r k a n d N o r t h e r n p o r t a , I) a ' 5 $ > c e n t p r e z n . ; N e w - O r l e a n g , yd'A ^v cent prem.We annex the specie list of the Quaker City:5 2,250 Spoflbrd &. TileBton15,Zi00,$7,55<) 39,212 J0.G31 6,000 6,092 537 3 5 0MEDICAL.—The undersigned, pupil of RICORD,. tedStatesArmy,M.McGenigleandL.W.Boyceof tbecelebratedSexnajSurgeonofParin,andofProf». C\nvoi:v*.n •theUnitedStatesNavy,andG.W.WilsonofMich- andY.M.OTTofthincity,treat*.»ucce*»fuliyNKKVOHBDKBIUTT,4,301himuii. Viana. 3,400 Joli/s M. CeballaB.. 8,000 Order.2r),.')00 Rohauld, Francois i: Co. 7.0B9 Carrington &. Coigan, are at the Metropolitan. '—W. Kelly and W. H . Skelton of Englund, and Mrs. Lett and child of Paris, are at the Everett House.—The H o n . H . E . Royce of Berkshire, Vermont, and Coi. Roes of Rossville, N. Y., are at the Stevens House. •..—The country residence of Mr. Isaac.Hoibrook of New-York, at Greenport, Suffolk County, was badly damaged by fire on the evening ofthe 26th; lie. had given orders for its warming preparatory to a Thanks- giving visit. It caught through some defect of'tho flues of the furnace. The inside was entirely burned out, and the valuable furniture much injured by fireoutsidewasbutlittledamaged. Thelosscaunot'full escaped,butthopolicewereonhia.tracksandexpected shortof$7,000.,Theproprietorarrivedonthe27th tofecurehimduringtbenight.1 , 6 1 5 J O I I M i 3,264W h i t e $.181,891-gomepartsoftheState,justrelieved fromanexcitingcanvass, with'^lections to fill vacancies, at an unusualand inclement seabOn^ Any session of the Legislaturewould be very expensive, but an extra session, of itn-Lmiti'Mlie•ni'th.would beespeciallyso,unlesstheex-ample of tbe last session of this body, which almostemptied the State Treasury, would .serve as somerestraint. . . .. We have hud in the past week much to disturb our and clothing before next March, unless they obtain aid- • . . . . •From Our Own CorreHpondent.You, gentlemen, favor an-extra session only because financial condition and' to agitate the social surface, .in of the importance of the present crisis; butt)- tare tbe news brought by the last etcamor.Others whothinkof"theirown interests ratheV thanthoseoftheState,whowould befound seekingto InCuba,it5Bnoteasytorealizethejusticeofrevolu-monopolizetLevaluabletimeofthebodyinfurthering ionarycommotionfoundedu»x>ntbelegalproceedingsofREASON (IF RECENT NEWS FftOM THE UNITED STATES—SLAVES LANDED, AND MORE SLAVERS FITTED 0UT.THE FAMINEINsKAN8AS.MoHOKit.—About 11^ o'clock last nn^ht, two m e a named John McCauley mid Patrick Ke%; Inula fiifht at the rear of the residence No. Sl.VBYoui street, Brooklyn, when McCauley stabbed K«*lly to the heart with u knife, killing him almost instautly.John Tamany, who interfered in the tig^t, receivedaseverebutnotfatalstabintbeleftgroin. McCauloyH.'hemes of personal advantage, which can well afford the people in election of a chief magistrate, according Over 120 townships are in a state of the most fearfulwith some companions to keep the 29th, but foundtin ngs in a sorry pi ight for hj» reception. He is insured rick Gallagcr for killing Hugh, Kelly, a t No. 12 FrontinNew-Yorkoffices. " street,threeyearsago.All this is not owAng to any hostility to the to await the meeting of the regular session. ;• to the Constitution and laws of which you boast, and suffering, many ofv the families having no food, noKelly is the same man who.was indicted with Pat-South, b u t t o coffiiMou sense business cau- You speak, gentlemen, of Maryland's peculiar posi-tion,justastheWestv.ustreatedtwoyears tionasaiiorderSlaveState..Thatposition,between towhichthee-xceptionifltHwereetjualparties.The ago. Besides, it is known that last year's Southern (he extremes of North and South, scorns, thus far, to ' subject causee much discussion here.clothing, no money. • Gov. Seward,'after having visited Kansas, in a speech delivered at. Cleveland, Ohio, thus graphically portrayed tho unprecedented failure of thehave kept sectionalism from her councils, and t» havefcalanee*arenotpaidupa*theyoughttobe. Yet inclinedherpeopletomoderate measures. Butthere OnaccountOftheincreasingagriculturalinduntryof•. . / . . . •Thousands of the inhabitants of Kansas are in a starving condition, and must perish,for want of: foodHAVANA, NOV. 26);I860.-TENNESBE.—TIMJ complete voie of this State THANKSGIVINGDAY.-^Thb/annivenMUrywasgeneral, foots up as follows: Bell, 71,142; Breckinridge ly observed by the citizens of Brooklyn. P&<** <>r arms have the money behind them. T b e demand these questions as Maryland can bW$ which ought to be commensurate therewith, the importation of negroes " Winter wheat sowed last yoar vva.j plowed up, and 66,780; Douglas, 11,170. - Bull over Breckinridge, bofiiness were closed, and the streets were thronged by.JMit curious to remark that all oiders for fire- are other border Slave States as much interested in Cuba, th»s demand for hands of labor continue*—and crops in that unforluuate territory:for shooters of ail kinds has been and continues t o i onsulted before we take the initiative in this matter. from the Coast 6f Africa. ' the.ground sowed with Spring wheat. T h e Spring 4.362. pedestrians and target companies, preceded by baud^ offeegnat. Jbopetheymayturnouta/profitableto Ib*HevethatneitherKentucky,Tennessee/norMi^-fcuyei* as U fleers. But m all our great iron estan- fOtiri ha« taken anv such action. T h e Legislature oflisW/.ts thereappearstobeasmuchi tbe.greatStateofVirginia,whichbasbeencalledto-jug going on as ever. In some shops, engaged getherfor notion as to her works of internal improve- of Africaeince 'he wiu>.«>»»' triul in the CityofNow- wheat, which UIPO proved al'ailore."music. T h e churches wer* well attended during the LOUSUNA.—TheollicbtrvoteofthisStateis,for forenoon., IntheeveninglargenumberscrefwcnltheBi-eckinridgei 18,388,1 Bell, .15;m- Douglas, 9,010. river for the purpose of steading places of «nu*>tvi*vii> on bouthero work. there hm been a very jiwnts. will have theseshatters under their considera- York, tuui landed in Cuba over *& bimdred Africans.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The West is. contributing generously., Ligrain, t'coiu Breekiniidge over Bell, l4tH^,wont. ;wheatWUKplowedup,,and.sowedwithcom.The Pelletier, noted in conncctiod with the American bark corn proved a failure, and was followed with potatoes. Ardennes,has;madeastjccessfff) trip totheCoast The.potatoeswereblasted,andfollowed bybuck-Untitled DocumentPrince's sqnadron, as follows:during the stay of the Quaker City. . Business inHa- Devon Railway, received addresses from Mr. Wm. Harlan of the United Suites Navy, and E. DufoumerLoficombe, Mayor, and the Magistrates and Corpora- vana,ofallkinds,hadbeengenerallyprostratedbythe tionofPlymouth,andfromMr.Ryder,Mayor,and ofParis,areattheAster.news of the financial derangements in the United States, tbe corporation of Devonport. With the Prince were tighteningthemoneymarket,andcausingastringency theDukeofNewcastle,theEarlofSt.Germans,Gen.—The Hons. Tom Corwin of Ohio, aud Justin S. Merill of Vermont, Gov. Sprague of Rhode Island, / Mr. Englenart. T h e Royal train started from Ply- C. C. Washburn of Wisconsin, A. Mackenzie of Can-Bruce, Maior Teesdale, Capt. Grey, Dr. Acland, and news. o,uotatiouii being an followo: Whites, low to middling, 1.1 mouth at noon. His Royal Highness looked extreme-in all transactions.TiTM SECMH market had alao been diHtnrb«J b y the forepcoin^'SYZ rial* %* arrobe; do. fair to tine, 12^0)13 rial*; No*. 10 and ly welb. and before departure conversed on the plat-ada, A. Mitchell and J. G. Inrush, esqs., of Milwaukee,and L . B- Frieze, esq., of Rhode Island, are at thefrom the contributions of those more fortunate thanthemselves. We' have testimony which la not to be and water. Owing to the exertions of the firemen, theiquestioned; that, in consequence of.the continueddrouth,thecropshavebeenalmosttvtotalfailure.The A*eio-,OrZeon# Picayune,From the accounts which have reached Vera, Cruz, iFromKov. 35.wwnotcommittedbythepopulace,orbythe"rob- bers,"butbythePresidenthimself,oratleastbyhisJohnJ.Shawwasrobbedofawatchworth$50,andit was then determined to arrest Corbett. Officer'Goldcn took the young maa into custody, whereupon he ex-Piedmontese,theyhavemetwiththegreatestcoldness authorityorapprobation.from the great majority of the troops of Garibaldi's The money stolen belonged to the British bond- army. There in a paltry jealousy among almost all holders, and was to-have been forwarded to Englandmable young lady in Brooklyn, to whom he expressed theutmostdevotion. Thisladyhadplacedimplicit confidence in all of Corbett's statements in reference to hispecuniaryafjfairs,andhadpromisedtobecome"hi« wife. -When sbs heard of hiss arrest,, she refused to be- lieve him guilty; and his own confession alone con--by the la*t steamer, but M r. Mathews, the acting Charg6,. was unwilling to accede to the onerous ex- actions for the protection of the conducta down to V era Cruz. T h e money w a s , therefore, retainedcool manner in which the coming combat is spoken ofasatheatricalspectacle,weareverymuchmdoubtwhether it be not looked upon by thesemilitary leaders made their appearance about the city last night. Tho as such in reality. Their, profession is war, and thebloodier the '• spectacle" they can present to the peo-ple, the greater will be the ""triumph."proposed Garibaldi as honorary President of the Com-mittee.Themotionwasreceivedwithunboundedap-plause, and adopted unanimously. It was also decidedto transmit the minutes of the sitting to all the localCommittees, with the request that they also would ap-point the ex-Dictator of the Two Sicilies their honorarypresident. The proposition will be received elsewhereas it bas been here, and in less than a week GaribaldiwillbethehonoraryPresidentofalltheVenetianrefu-gees residing in the States of King Victor Emanuel,A deputation has been named tocarry to Caprera .the tal of the Republic. Its gates are open to you, and if waiter at tbe Metropolitan Hotel, on charge of. stealing-" Soldiers, you have now the way clear to the capi-FIRE IN HUDSON STREET—TWO MEN BURNED.—At 3o'clockyesterdaymorningafireoccurredinthecigar store and dwelling, No. 207 Hudson street, damaging- thebuildirgandfurniture considerably. Twomen, named George Caterwell and Gerard KWptner, were M> badly burned tbat it was found necessary to sendhem to the Hospital. • . .•••»"'•'•'[ Adv*rti«>tn»nt. ]BAUKUM'S MUSE'UM was visited yesterday by ' —Ex-Gov. M. S. Latham of California, E. W. Sehon over 7.000 pt?ri<on«, and tbe Aztec Children, What I* It, Aquanfc*Mcai-ter Teu ot Mammoth »rpant», HnppT Family, and tho performance!) in tbe Lecture Room, delighted everybody. T b « o,rUe nov«lf^"wiHbe»«*-uto-dayatallhoar*,andthejjreafplaypressedconfessed to having frequently robbed the gymnasium students, and said that within a year he had realized $1,500 by so doing. A considerable portion of the prop-greatindignation.Eventually,however,h eher thather was so.S h ethen gaveto theoffi-••. 1M www.fultonhistory.com 