 paup space in your columns by retailing all the infamous plana which only cowards could meditate. They paidcosting a thousand dollars, accompanied ths rich thanks of the eloquent statesman. Thus waa saved to litera- ture the moil memorable oration of the American 8ea-mlM "mare. Hurst paid $225 for her at Haine's sale, two his side, causing his immediate death. The other b urrelyears ago; and as she is ten years old now, and stiff was directed at bis wife, but mitaed, and ahe ran off and foundered, Mr. J. Nelson Harris of San Francisco into the woods, and had not, up to the last news, been•IFFrom Our Own Eeporter.ftIff -tANCorrespondence of tbe Chicago PreBB trad Tribune.LE Rctr, McLfan County, 111., Sept. 18,1860.I am induced by afr'.end to send you the following account of my recent experience in the Democratic State of Texas. I am a German, and emigrated to thiscountry nearly fourteen years ago.in Texas in 1856. Something over two years agoS8covered with blood. I also saw w.hat'I was informed- a pair of fabulous ears stuck hie head out of a ptock carwas the dead body of Evan." about three-quarters of a and cave vent to a long, agonizing hee-haw, that fairly bis appearance in the private box asnigned to him, aII»wri»«»«ii»«.»""\dfing Squatter Sovereignty out In parcels to suit cus- tomers, has disgusted the old Whigs. They arc men • generally snpp"sed to possess some smalt share of.intelligence, and the impudent falsification of history, sad birefac-.d inconsistency of the candidate himself, bave spread distrust far and wide. If a man can act- thus before an election, what may we expect immedi- ately aftext ^:•PORTLAND, Aug. 31,1860. Tbe Hon. E. K. SMART: Dear Sir:.'Ham id. Mr. Macdonald note says that " Mr. Hamlin's eating it. It had never been buried! This was the within amileoft.be derjot.. Complaint, has been mads the cpera company, already dreesed f »r "M-irtha," led*fm><**it«*. W W•WffM W * ^«i im iimiin' —mill!*n»tn» m»mi« win n in HIin mi—Mi I, I ,.i.,il«W»HIIWff •<»»>«'««••SEBfti-•T".i 11in <ij rtft i"ltiniiiM»•HP a*BHBWMTM?—gaBBRggTWELIJ6ENeE,OTE CANV ASS EST NEW-YORK. ^ : W , f i m n ^ wittspeelca*. Friday, Oct. 12. 2%zB>««t....--• • •• .Saturday, Oct. ]&>PV^JJD..........-•..•••'•• TB«*i»y, Oct. KJ.OHIO POLITICS, of Tie N. T. Tribune.CHIX.TCOTBX, Oct. 5, I860. Before ibis reaches your readers, the results of them sJattlnun in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana, will he ftjmwn. It is not »*le to staled much in the way of jvep&ecy so close upon the event itself, but, judging frcm what lit.le I have wen and heard hereabout, -we Bepublicax8 cannot promise ooraelves an easy victory. Strange as it may seem to you,-the fact is that the con- servativefeelingcf S>uthemOhioleanstoDouglaeiam. Had Hr . Douglas retired with dignity after his noxni- natkm to tie home in Illinois, he would have taken the eatire conservative vote of this State. But this ped-1 1 .ittttV^'^'""^'*'^ '^ ^'"^' **that sort. f IFTheCommiBskmwasextendedin1851,Marcb 3>;orcn^ of them Bad I had uttered Abolition sentiments Then came up the question about my.leaving, and Ithen learned the good policy of giving it abroad tbat I should:go to Cuba, ^pme- of, them£ said?, thjit I ought nevertobepermitledtoleavethecountry,fori would go North, and.-do juftt^whatTam now doing; that is, to publish their villainy to the world.» Then came a cooly deliberate proposition to assassinate me. . To car- ry out this design it was proposed to raisa $1,500 to which one of them, a man worth $60,000 proposed to 8dd $1 000, making in all $2 500. On the night of the 16th.I discovered "at my door the man, Murphy, who waB the chosen murderer, armed with a Sharp's rifle. This was after midnight, between 2 and 3 o'clopk. Supposinghe,intendedtosnootmethrough the window,when he is a week old. :•..;--.- ••y;:^'^courtesy and delicate ftoljngwae stOl more agreeable. Ixrt 22.--Juli6t, a ^e^Kyear-old fdly-j was rput upThe Philadelphiana never, had feirer ground for self- Withdrawn becatise no one would bid, recalled to a bid gjatnlaiion. They; cannot he better satisfied with of $75, dragged at tbat awhile, and fioaDy, wHsn aFROM PORTLAThe ProfeesoT and their natural Bhare < wandering diemallyxt'OvlM Bead, toe* ^ aloop under way v starting w w moderabidriientoftg^J2 miat, which mad« tot01y€iddehffrom where to, <«teer. T heavy sea aroused D Aftiet and the Assyr on deck- The only •waves and the driv & edhooner ahead, p selves. We were*a;aix -or seven miles ft thought not 'far fr,i I>Und.We followed the 1 length caught tight 0 proved to be the FoJ to the shore and prei within a narrow ope now dimly peTCei^-dthe chart* and uxkn< that as the schooner low, and it was not a atoms, with our u this time had got hit coals, ready for geti entrance of the harta huge black rock ri This narrow chaz that I went below t leaving the Skippei hows vigilantly scai and looking out aha they occasionally ga ceeded by consider storing. the sleeperswhen a tremendous companion-way to 1A terrible and y< As the sloop was st harbor, the 8kippe• aheadofthevce*e!. helm hard up, and ahifting tbe boom, squall struck, the 1 over, hit the Profes the spar, and wae ca while at the eame- Pilof s hat. To th old man had a speci by the long aeries o his venerable hea< made a deepera^ he caught er while with the q which the Professc clinging to the re same time gave a \ it hard up,' but mis toppled incontinen some into a basket bench, which runs eombuatib'le mate: great energy; cthi neath the bench to others, yet falling gushing up of stealThis was precise my head out of ih< Artist and Assyri smoke and steam t with tbe howling 0of the black rock il to which we were 1 our heads, were wt to our nerves. SoHon of the dangen really exciting, th< the droll attitudes i . knocked oar friendThere being aeve so low in the warei leaning over the « and the elocp havin ence in the way ba< she cleared -with asailed into the ha water.This harbor, ae v pit Harbor, from tl entrance, which t have likened to a p " pulpit rocks" oa havens I ever sa w, narrow entrance it sheltered as an inla about half a mile, J sloping gently to tlhills wsre covere< and grassy slopes c few fishermen's hoi schooner we had fo small: fishing vesselWe anchored in t site the entrance, tl turbulent sea wiU abating, the rain b finished breakfast t-where, I am sure, . peaceful scene of 1 the exquisite freshgroves that bom d« ful and natural looked a* through over the black aac thence across ten.a•the picture*queC* summits in full vi from the shore though shott and i fifteen hundred fe*t lie directly oppoei^To complete the ( large fish-hawks. could through grove of tall pines, their wings wide e. watching a schootoccasionally deson carried to their m screams cf triumplAbout the midal membered the echn He locked aroond nowhere visible. about the fire-pcik ing to the. deck, hegoing ashore for strokes oi his oars he hj|d done with U" Schnapps," re water, and. eviden got into now. Schnapps. 'There hi And he came alon to remain, and fo head as if lost inn member nowr -I I cooper's shop at me. I shall dih And stepping into the Skipper he won' and make trial oi \ While they w««fished. The water 1 caught cod, haddot land sculpin, a han back, aad sides an< yellow and white.It seems strange that the old enemies of the Democ- racy should thus show an inclination to coalesce with, the worse end of the party. Bat the f*ct is, men likeCcrwin, Ewteg, Stanton, and others, find it unpleasant, to say the least of it, to train under the leadership of G'-ddmgr, Delano, and SpaaMinc:. Tee leaders of the erfttservattves see the ahsurdity of peekinarrefage under the wing of Douglas, but the rank and file do not. And then Squatter Sovereignty is a popular cry—the wore so that it really means nothing.These are unpleasant facts. Bat you have courage enough to look the facts fairly in the face. So I do not he*hate in writing them.I hawe just returned from visits to two very dissim- ilar gentlemen. I refer to Gen. James P . Worthington sood Col. Wm. AUen. The old Worthington farm is well worth a visit aside from the accomplished propri- etor. It. is the model farm of Ohio. Old Governor Worthing?on, a very remarkable man in his day, with much earnestness planned and improved the property,and his children seem to possess the same pride in agri- cultural pursuits. Driving some two miles from to wn T en turn in by a beattti ul artificial lake and drive up a- romantic road dug ont cf the hill-side, where the grand oW foresterees s aad untouched, and the crows caw all day fcng in their kafy tops. The mansionj deeply embower* d by ftult-trees. is of stone, rough and mas- sive, built by Gov. Worthington, and ia its style im-the least.Yours, respectfaUv,^ | ^ g ^blooded cattle ia virtually paralyzed by the smolderingcattle disease in New-England, the stock at Albany . brought low prices on Wednesday, the 10th inst. The auction had been attempted just a month previously,but the cold, pelting storm which then ill-naturedly fell .kept most buyers at home, and chilled the ardor of thosewho had ventured to attend. On Wednesday, more fortunato than before in -weather and choice of place, the "Bieedihg Association" gathered a crowd of about 200 on the Washington Parade Ground, byvirtue of liberal advertisement, and sold off agoodpitr- 'tion of their animals. Considering the lateness of the season, the fear of the cattle-disease, the rough coats of the atock, and the .quality of the animals thamaelves,Lot 33g, ,a filly by Vulcan, nearly the fame blood as lot 23£. but a yew younger, for $190/There were several other sales of yearlings and suck- ing colts, which we will pass, and come to the stallions, of which two only were sold.Lot 60.—•Ephraim Smooth, a two-year-old pacing colt, aired by Gray Prince out of Lady Buckley, by Flying Morgan, a mare which trotteji in 2:35 as a five- year-old—"for particulars of whtih overhaul yourTurf Register,; and,, when found, make a note of it." The stallion was in bitting harness and looked rather stiff and awkward as he was moved up and down; but George Charles had to muoh to do withhim, that now he would not desert him in the pinch, and bid him off at $500. \\ ' •- press's one as a monument of the part. It is, I balieve, eign Relations, and on the next day Mr. Mason, thoI'll strike the harder, take my duesCut nohler, and the loss confute From ampler heavens above my head.' ' ix* .-.'."My king, King Victor, I am thine!SomuchNice-dust,aswh*tIam;(To make our Italy) must cleave. Forgive that. "---Forward *ith a sign ,Be weht—You've seen the telegram?>-«sawS e only bouse in Ohio having any historical associa- tions. In a queer old cabinet the present owner has the privilege of turning over and reading to his friends and children great packages of yellow-paged Tattera written by Clay, Webster, Calhoun, Case, Benton, and many others, on whose names much of our history hangs. They are letters on politics, business, aid playful offbaxd scribbling* that realiy lift the curtain that shuts in the private life and give us a real insight to eharae'er.Sot the least attractive memento of the past is atomahawk, present? d by the great Tecumseh to the Commiesion was closed, viz.. Jaly 1, 1852. I must belikeMr.Cragangotmares—suchaslikePauliae—for undervalue;andprobablytherewasnotone—good,two hundred dollars that- they' could sell within a bad, or indifferent—but that could be resold at any time month for a cool thousand. If the gentlemen who for the money they brought on Wednesday.late Governor, while on a visit to this very place. They smoked the pipe of peace together, little dream- ing how soon it would be dug up, and bathed in Wocd. . , 'The Worthington farm is a beautiful place. The pretest owner pointed out to me some three hundred seres that he wishes to sell to same one capable of making an agreeable neighbor. I should suppose that' it would not long remain in the market. Some one of yeur .u*eTcbant princes would find here a noble refage. The building site overlooks the rich valley, and the stone in the biUrside affords the best material known inOhio for budding purposes.The place adioms Blackberry Hill, the residence of- Col. A'len. I found the tall orator in his library, sur- rounded by books. He is a bard atndent, and after the toimoil of a noisy political life, finds pease and contentm this digiified retirement, where his lovely daughter, hooks and farm, are bis sources of happiness. There was a ttTong disposition on the pan of some of the del- egates to the Charleston Convention to bring forwardCol. Allen as a compromise candidate. I have been seemed, and have no reason to d ubt it, that his name won'd have been aowptab'e to the bitter opponents of Douglas, and had he been brought for ward, we would now be contending against a united enemy.in error as to the time I stated that he read it to me, as the second session of the XXXIId CoDgrees did not oc- cur until December, 1852. From memory I should fix the time of meeting Mr. Hamlin on his way to take tes- timony in the Fall of 1852; but as ttie evidence would be put in before iiliog the argument, it must have been the Fall of 1851. I /Jf this conclusion is correct, Mr. Hamlin's attor-neyth ip before the Commission teas ended prior to the County, of which Binghamton is the shirs town is with which the streets were hiied *were too muca a'o- In ore thing Messrs. Hurst, Slingerland, Bull jck, and the leg. Her calf, Master Sno ?vden, taken to Califor-But Washington McLean, the King of the Commons. lished myself in the merchant tailoriog buaiuess. Dur-here, crushed out the man. It was Douglas or no- body, asd will end in their having both.if you like this sort of stuff, I will write you again from Cincinnati.ing my reeidence there, I always bebayed myself as a good citizen., and was dilligent and attentive to my bus- iness. Feeling it to be to my ioterest to keep on good terms with the people, T was particularly careful not to say anything to any one against Slavery. I never ut-tered one solitary word to any human being while there against the prevailing opinion. I was frequently talkedever, was held in open air, the better to enable all to see the stock at all points, and the horses in mo-Jolly's boll,~was sold to Mr. Bleecker for $97 50, and the venerable imported Fla!tery. by Fourth 0uke of York cut of Florentia, being past her breeding days, waa sold to George Charles of Albany, for $l00^-aVINDICA TIONOF 3fR.HAMLIN.Fr4m The Waihington Intelligencer.WASHINGTON, Oct. 8, I860. MXSSRS. EDITORS: All who know Senator Hamlin personally are confident that there is not to be found amore honett and faithful public officer. With them,refutation of accusation of dereliction of duty is whollyaumeecfsary. Bat The, Constitution newspaper, on4be 30th of August, having asserted that " the chargethat the Black Republican nominee for the Vice-Presi-dency accepted $7 000 for his services in getting a bill. through Congress while he was a Senator thersof, hasto about Slavery, and when pushed about the matter, a number of their campaign songs. After the speech, a arrival in the United States; hardly inferior in proprietors remarked that the aninals had all been ser her, was sold at only $77 50, to T. Roesdeof the Dela-Hon. Geo. P . Fisher, Commissioner of the Brazilian Claims, of the 2J>ch of August, is not only a perfect refutation of the slander, but an evidence of the high. sense ofjustice and disinterestednessof character whichhave marked the whole pubiic and private life of Hanni-bal H&mKn, for it is here proved that the passage of the1D1 referred to for extending the Commission for thesettlement of the Brazilian claims was asked fordragged into lalkitig on the topic. But he was not delegation of Democrats would, pass through aV a cer-sotve of February 28,18o2, and it was unjusifor me human being whom I might casually meet, but I felt so •to aU.Ttbv.tc his efforts JOT the passage of this resolu- utterly indignant that I boldly and recklessly de-momentary expectation of a notice to quit.INTERESTING CORRESPONDENCE.PHILADBLI*HIA, Oct. 10, To M'csBTB. RENHTS, SMITU iiTowwsKSD, New-York:Bngnoli, etepp*c*"tforward to the foot-lights. At theopening notes of "God save the Queen," theauditora price Mr. Batbga'e got her. He can sell her as afio* to private inter(st." Toe cua-acter of the Senate ST'-old setin to demand the publication of these two letters, as many others were engaged before the Com- mission for the allowance of claims in which the Uuited States bad no pecuniary intere% whatever. You will, thereto; e, confer a favor upon ah good citizens of allparties by the insertion of theae letters, and much obligeYceurob<-«H«rx>t servant, NA THANIEL, HA TCH.From Th< Progressive Ag< of Stpt 1Z.DOVER, Del., Aug 29,1860. Dr.AH SIR: Ton wish to know of me my recollec- tions respecting the claim of the Tarquin, prosecuted by the Hon. Hannibal Hamlin before me as Coaxmis- sior.er, j&c. I proceed to gratify your request so far aswhich was to he distributed among certain citizens of copies of the committee's "two reports:"the -Haired States who, anterior to the negotiation of " 1*» tbe case of F. Amtbor. referred to the undersigned Com-1060.wilh one accord rose to their feet, and remained stand- ing until the close. The first veree was suog by Mias Paiti, of course witbouf the suspicion of a foretga ac- cent in the pronunciation of the English, worda. Toek1 second was sung by Formes. no . with leas resoaau ;effect, but wiih an unctuous, roel ing G^m-tn utter-driving, maxe for $600 in Spring, or we are much mis- taken. vIcanabso. '„opinions un'uendly to S'avery. A committee of five ing that wo remain, as ever, jour sincere fri-nds, .wasappointed,-beforewhich1.appeared,armedwitha By the treatynegotiated by Mr. Todd, our Minister d»gg*-r, and fortified wit^t the'purpose to sell my life a*. Kio, in January, 1849, the Government of Brazil dtarly if they should attempt any violence. On the agtecd to pay the United States some $326,000 in globo, trial they proved nothing at all. The following areFULLER, 'KINfG ii GRAYSON.•—The Taunton (Maos.) Gazette publishes the fol-lowing interesting remiuiscence in connection with afor in the act, and, at the request of the Hon. J. M.coixjiai'iiity.J M. DODSON,A. J. 8MITH.B. T, MCDONOUGH.'.$1 W0 Bulls, 8.. 1,800 ( W i ,Clayton, tfcen Secretary of Scale, I agreed to acceot the . p'ace of Commissioner under the treaty, supposiog theERASMUS REDWINE,JanuaiyO, 1P60."" I. Thomas W. Tatec, one of tho'Committee chosen by P .300one year. Toward the dose of the year for ^Mchitwas extended it became apparent to me that I oouldi^q^^se^y^boniPwitbur the^xtendedperiod,2nd s o W K to the Secretary of State, who com-mmjdcaSrSe information to Congress.^Thejleere-tarv I think; recommended another extension of ninemonths. This was sot act'-d upon until about theclose (say 24th) of February, 1852. It was. necessarythat haste should be used, lest I should, for want ofan extension, be left without authority to act beforemy labors should be completed. When I found theSecretary had recommended nine months' extension. Irequested Mir. Hamlin to say to the Chairman on For-eign Relations, Mr. Mason, that I was sure I couldcloee up all my work in four months." This Mr. Ham-mi communicated to Mr. Mason, and the term was only-extended four months. I also requested Mr. Hamlinto see that Congress should act upon the proposition to vate a way as I could. By being driven off m_this' ; • • - - '. h&W$&& ; - ' t - •'•• '•' :-:< •••.. H<Bbenthisheadtrponhisbreaat,' = -•; :• •? :|extend promptly, lest I might be left without author- ity to act. • He took the part he did in reference to the extensionsolelyatmyrequest. He hadnoiaterestin so doing on account of his agency for the Tarquin. Ou the contrary, as I have before stated, tbe claim of the Tarquin would probably have amounted to a larger sum than $28;000 if the Commission had not been ex-tended at all. .At that time it was a common thing for lawyers iu Congress as well as out of it to prosecute claims before .Commissioners, and I had never hea'd its impropriety, hinted. My friend, the Hon. John W . Houston, the a a Member of the House of Representatives, prosecuted a claim before me at the same time, and I am sure henever suspected that he was doing an improper act. It bad. nothing whatever to do with Congressional action, and any interest he might have in a claim could not have affected his conduct as a legislator. Both Mr. Hamlin and Mr. Houston, in all th*ir intercourse with me as Commissioner, never acted otherwise than as gentlemen of the highest honor and integrity should have acted. My acquaintance with Mr. Hamli * com- merced, I think, about the time I was appointed Com- missioner, and his honorable, manly tearing won my esteem and friendship. I think—nay, I. know—that•the miserable charge made by Messrs. Smart and Mac- donald against Mr. Hamlin is idle and absurd, to saycowardly manner I hsve sustained heavy losses. This is a plain, unvarnished relation of deeds, |b.e infamy of whichneedsnocomment. • •-• ,, , .A Deputy Marshal of the United States resided in Hendewon. I applied to him for protection, and he told in'ehe could do nothing.: This I'B the protection afforded in a free country to an injured citizen bjr a Democratic Administration. FBEDKRICK AMTHOR.• ...—The Wigwam near the City Hall, in Brooklyn, was packed by a dense crowd, on Monday evening, at the call of the " Banner Bepublican Clib, of Kings County." The Chair was.occu ied by MV. HENRY H. LLOYD, who made some stirring remarki, and intro- duced E. DELAFIELD SMITH, of New-York. Mr. Smith was received with loud cheers. He proceededin a compact, eloquent argument of up ward of an hour, enchaining tbe attention of hie auditor*, and illustrating his reasoning with historical references, and a variety of rhetorical and humorous illustrations. . His effort was heartily cheered throughout. E . F . HOPKINSON, of Boeton, OLIVER T. BEARD, and others/followed in able and interesting addresses. Singing by the " Irre-pressible Wide Awake Battalion," of South Brooklyn, ,and election returns from Pennsylvania completed one of the largest and most encouraging demonstrations of" Perhaps men's wisdom is riot craft; - . ,; Men's greatnefis not a selfish greed; . Men'sjustice, notthe.saferside,j*$&mPerhaps even women, when they laughed, "Wept, thanked us that the land-was freed, Not wholly (though they kissed 11s) lied.Jfei/r thai I have misled, you, and have done tnjus-ticeto Senator Hamlin in my letter of the 16th ult. Toremedy any wrong, I now send you the result of myexamination hTT/k Congressional Globet of the na?- the evening. A .boat will run to convey the Wide- sage of the resolution of February 27, 1852, extendingwe think the prices were not bad at which the cattlesold. A s to the; horses, w e may simply remarkthat the very best animals brought the meanestpricts, and the weeds-went off to most advantage.How jodgea of a good horse could stand by and seesuch brood mares as Caroline, Princess, Sontag, and ing purposes is cheap at $1,000. Mr. Hurst announcedtbe time of the Commission under the convention with Brazil.On the 18th of February, 1852, the President sent a message to the Senate setting forth the obstacles which imi eded the conclusion of the business of the Commis- sion for the distribution of. the Brazilian indemnity. This message was referred to the Committee on For-Awakes from Haverstraw, Peskskill, Sing Sing Tar- rytown, and Nyack. The meeting will be addressed by Gov. Pennington, Hon. James^O. Patnam, Hon. Daniel Ullmann, Hon. H. J. Raymodd, and others.—The Republicans of Deposit, on the borders of Broome and Delaware, and near the Pennsylvania linevh.eld a splendid meeting on Wednesday evening, which was addressed for two hours by H. B. Stanton. Mr. S. was followed in a short speech by-an influential ironmaster from the Keystone State, who the day be-lf%rahadcasthiefirstanti-Democraticvote.TheWide- Awakea of several adjoining townB, including more than a hundred from Pennsylvania, were present, and had a grand parade after the meeting. Large numbers fresh from the fight for Curtin attends?, and the excite-Lot 63.—Logan, a dapple gray, by Henry Clay out of the fine gray Ware Sontag, is a stallion of much promise, and to any one who wants a horse for breed-Chairman of the Committee, reported a joint resolve extending the time nine months.On Feb. 24 Mr. Mason asked for the consideration of the resolution, and tbe Senate amended the same by giving four months instead of nine.On Feb. 27 the amended resolution passed the House. Under the resolution, the Commiesion for the distribu- tion of the indemnity expired July 1,1852.From these dates it is evident that there are state- ments m my letter of the 6th ult. which are incorrect.Mr. Hamlin must have filed his argument before the' ment was unbounded, the proceedings in the hall andpostage of the resolve of Fe.b. 28, 1852, AND IT WAS UNJUST fcr me to attribute his efforts for the passageone of the interior Birongholde of Breckinridge- : Dan- iel S. Dickinson, and the rank and file of that wing ofgorbed by consider at ions of election results, and, inp,'me parte of.toe city, of peraoval safety, to give espe-their aesociates,madeagreatmistake. Their sale was ad vertieedf. r l l o'clock,and should have commenced with reasonable punotuality, but to make a crowd of bid-nia has done so well that her owner has refused a $2,500 bid for her, but the cow herself went to Mr. Yates at $100.of this resolution to privateinterest.M. MAQDQNALD. .j.:Y onn, truly,the par'y, deibutce fusion, and declare that the Dry- ; cial thought to'the presence of even so distinguished aGoocisticketwillnotget500votesinthecounty. pwyofviaitera. PrivatelybowlingiuaGermanclub- herswailintobg-wearinessthroughmorethantwo .Lot9. RosaBohheur,aniceyoungheifer,incalf»DEMOCRATIC INTOLERANCE.While pur. Stanton was epealdng, the returns began to come in from Pennsylvania, and were read by him, eliciting rousing cheers. i;1 bouse on Twelfth etreet, and secludedly dioiug, a ; theContinetital Hotel, t^e Prince passed tbe evening. . Onmortal hours before the auctioneer mounted the wagon,, was more than " a decent j.egard for the opinions of their fellow-men" could countenance. Procrastinationto Neptune, was sold to Judgo Harris for $75—very cheap.Lot 10. Tabmaloo, provoked some bidding, which seamed likely to carry the price to a tolerably high figure. Fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, and ninety, were called in rapid succession; but it stopped with, another $5, and the heifer waa knocked off at that price to C. I. Hayes of Otsego County.ILLTNOISIAN WHIPPED TO DEA TH—A MAN'S EXPERIENCE IN DEMOCRA TIC TEXAS. |as I often was, I always evaded the subject in the best way I could. . -The first intimation which I ever received that I was in any way obnoxious to the people, originated in this wayl A young man from Illinois, by the name of Evans, came to Henderson, and while there was in- cautious enough to say .that he thought Free States pref- erable to" Slave States, and that bethought Slavery was wrong. These statements; so far a.a I heard them, he made in the mildest manner, and that only when pressed into the subject by the 3oune men about town.toicBligbt procession of tbe Wide-Awakes came off, and a general gctne of rtjoicihg occurred over v.h<* glo- rious Republican victories iu Pennsylvania, Indiana and Ohio, j" •.; ;•[' .••>'.-'sparkle end glitter to the memorable bnll at AI<mtreaI, and far euperi >r to that di«pl«y in the digaified' a\d «Tacef\il bearing of the multitude of participators. The farfltlees theater -was iilltd with an audience of prob*-!ected or bred with great care, and without regird to expense, and are from the best strains of trotting blood in the country, with here and there a dash of the pure blood of the race horse, which gives those lasting qual- ities so desirable in the fast trotter roadster—quali-ieavan House; a g'od bargain.Lot 28.—Ficella, a very fine and famous high-bredcow, by Grand Duke of golden memory, out of Fay. Sbe was started at $200, and rapidly bidden up to $520, by two competitors, at which pri JO she was knocked down to J. N. Harris of San Francisco.. T?ua cow was bought by Samuel Thome at Alexander's aale in 1858, for $600, and sold for $900 to the Albany breeders. It was intimated to us, that the sale of Fiuella, and that of Florence to Mr. Harris, were not real, in which case, the other bidders by law would have the optionof taking them at their highest genuine bid.Lot 45.—Bloom, another old and famous imported"'cow, was put up at $100, but withdrawn for want of competition, and v«ry properly, since she is not a breeder, and fit only for the shambles or a musaum of curiosities, ^Lot 49.—Perfection, really a nice cow, although about old enough to vote, was started at $100, and run up briskly to $325, at which price she pasaed into the hands of Mr. Haswell of Bethlehem.Tbe bulls fared badly. Old Xeptune, for whim the Association paid Thome $1,000, was only run up to $180, and Mr. Hurst was allowed to buy him in at $200, aid keep him " for the gcod he has done."lot 5.—Henrico, a nice bull but rather dusty-nosed, was led out, but almo8t immediately led back again/* when a solitary bid of $50 indicated the value which\ Inot been disproved, nor has there been any serious at-tempt that vre have seen to answer it," may justify* I am ratisfied that he never said or thought of saying Abe Lincoln." • ' . -tome notice. This slander, it seems, originated through anytbir g except when conversation on the eubiect was —A few days since an extra train loaded with jack-forced upon him. • , • asses was transported/ over the Louisville and New a letter of the Hon. M. Macdonald to £ . K. Smart I had but a slight acquaintance with tho young man, Albany Raiboad.' The telegraph operator at Stiem, aduring the late canvass in Maine. The letter of the but I told him that he ought hot to allow himself to be boy, g«ttiog wind of it, set afiiat'a rumor that a largeTcp by imported Diomed. Caroline, beside being acareful. In December lust this young man was takenout by a mob, without any trial of any kind, and whipped to death. The Henderson New Era, a paper published in Henderson, justified the infamous murder on the ground that Evans was a common thief, anJLbo- lhioniet, &c. I was shown the whip which I tdn in-/ formed had be*"n the instrument of his death. It wastain hour. Rpmor, increasing as it flew, said that many eminent t-peakers were aboard, and tint bauds of musicnccompanifed the expedition. Immense crowds of en^huBiHrtio Douglas men repaired to the depot, hatsdriving, but the starting bid of $100 was only topped once with a single $5, and at that beggarly price, Cn's W. Bathgate got her for hia Westchester stud.GER-throngh the message of the President, and took mmey mile f/om town. It was so decayed and swollea thatl shook the hills around, consf-ernauon seized the crowd; little burst of applause ar.f'e, to which he re-ioon'iedout of instead*of potting money into the posket of Mr. did not recognize it. The hogs and buzzards were and in two minutes not a Democrat was to be seen by bows. The curtain was immediately lifted, andfirst occasion upon which I was even incautious. Iattorneyship was ended prior to the passage of the re- had no tie binding me to Evans more than to any other ;to the Superintendent against the operator, and he is in by ArMina Palti, Miss Fanny Heron Forme*, andnounced mob law, and at tha same time said that Evans had been a fool for not keeping his mouth closed on the subject of Slavery.RESPECTED FRIENDS: It. becomes our mehnch-^Iy of mob law. I might well have known it. Seeing duty.to inform you' of the andden decease of your friend Mr.1 soon learned that I had offended the secret demon,that they would scon be upon me, I araied myself for a Cerberus Fusion, who departed from thia transition scene lastdesperate resistance. On the morning of the 9th Jan- evening, after a Bhort hut F©vere iih ess, wtii.;h, it is feared, waauary, between one and two o'closk, the mob came to much apgravated hy tbe i^jixiiciouB treatment of his physicians.Lot 4.—Rose Alleu; was sold at the previo as sale^ ';' •> was about to be placed on him.Lot 14.—Lincoln, by pedigree on the dam's side her day has taken the road from all competition. She. rathtr a republican than royaPst, was started at $50,have b«f11 tied. During the day, I denounced the das- tardly atfmpt in vehement language publicly on, the £tr*et, and oVfied them to prove that I had ever utteredpill* be procured for some lawyers In this city. After these out- lay a are made it is feared that there will noti be muph estate left. Our feeiing* overpower us, and prevent our doing more than add-the curtain p. 11 into its place, so aLo did toe Prince and those who accompanied him. Bedde him, in the front row of chairs, were Lord Lyons, Ea.-l St. Ger- mans, and the Duke of Ne svcastle. Jucit bebiod were Gen. Bruce, tbe Mayor of tbe c'.ty and daring a pari of tbe evening Lord Hinchingbrook. The othw m^m- bV:rs of the euite occupied the proscenium box just pppotite. •Austin.Lot '9 —Sontag, a first-class gray mare, dam of the Black Bawk trotting stallion Logan, sired by Ezra Aidrews'a Hambletonian, and out of a Hambletonian maxe, and'i8 actually worth $700 or $800. Bat the half sister to the Sontag that beat Flora Temple, sold for only $185 to F. L. Yates, although she was war-snotice of Webster's reply to Hayne:u the treaty, had pressed claims against Brazil. An act roittc*', undercharge of uttering abolition geutinwrits, we rep;rt u It-will be seen from, this interesting narrative thatranted to trot in 3 minutes, or no sale.. Lot, 9,—Ruby, a fine, large, roomy mare, bought forof Congress was pats* d March 29. 1850, to carry that that tbe evidence submhtecj to. us is not sufficient tqr"authorize :JH trtaty into effect. One Commissioner was provided in regarding blxn as dangerous to our interest as a ulavehoIJiDgThe operas, "Martha" aad a part of ' Traviita.''were better than ordinari/y pr:duced. Iu t i s first,Mi«a Paiti, birdlike and dainty, seoored, abundantmai.'ifettation cf princely approbation., Mr. Briguoli,too, \n &(< comL-en.aied tor the harrowing neglect he ex- of a fast tr -,ttii'g mare, and is said to be able to do herB13J4MAKV OK SAI.KS.there waa a time when Joseph Giles stood aloue amoog .Congressional reporters; and to still further illuatrjite his position in tha^ line, we call to mind what we once beoid an intimate fries d of"Mr. Webaier say V,e.ow«d to him and hie wife with re^srd to the celebrated reply enthre butintee would be gone through with ia one Axnthcr. dt»ent with the mivjoiUy, and aijk tjr the said Amthor to to Hayne. AIee)in#r the Ma.sachueetts Senator an hea worker, for $250, waa sold for $130 to John Phalea. Lot 12.—Pauline, one of the best mares and cheapest bargains of the sale. She is by Bridge's Emperor, outHorset.Cattle.$S15 J'BL 2,643year from the date of my appointment, that beiog thetime limited in the a;t for the ter» of the Commission.I think my nomination was confirmed by the Senateabout the laet-of June, and my commission dated July be let alone. The men.who made this first report were tbat tihte were pressing; hut he ventured to take ao Phi'adelpbia—who should be better known, and soon 1- 1850. I at once entered upon the duties ebjoined by among tbe firet men,of the community, and would much time from them. Mr. Webster., however., direct- wiil be—sfc'ng the part of Nancy with exceeding clev- the treaty snd act of Congress. Those duties were, doubtless have been glad to have seen me protecte!. ly afttr met Judge Story, who si>id that he thought the erness, and acted it even better. Iu th4 single act. of 1st, to decide what chime were valid, according to the But they were powerless. You may judge. of Mr. time had come to give to the count' y his vj<? we on theleave within three days, agreble to hi« own offer. waff going to thevCapitol on that'morning,-Air. Giles "THOMAS M. Y A TES" manned of him bow lopg he intended to speHk. Aboutgoe'dpJlfifSlej^^!&bt';.-:;.'W' herein his lion heaTtlay sick:^— • '* Perhaps we are not ill-repaidr— Perhapa tbisia not a„truo teatrj '^0^.Perhaps that was'hot afoul.trick;r••|I got out of bed a^ d with a loaded pistol m my teeth, crawled on.my hands andfeet to the window with a determination to meet the scoundrel, but be discovered me and fled.. On the 18th of January I left in as pri-: Ignited, there may disunite, ; M- 'M'Ai/d both be lawlul as they think. Perhaps a patriot statesman, dear i _- For charterin)? nations', can with right Disfranchise thos* who hold the ink.* ,;the campaign in Brooklyn.—The Republicans of Ebcklatd County hold a massmeeting at. Piermont on Saturd*y at 1 o'clock; also, inthe Btieete being kept up till 1 mg af'.er midnight. The border line between the two States is all aflaoie with enthusiasm. .':'.'F-^cmeThe^.yiM*J>endait.j''BY ElilZABE'TH BARRETT BROWNING!.Csri^a^a^pe; Perhaps none wronged and note betrayed.THE GREAT •J LB ANY*STOCK- , -SALE,;:••:• $ .-• m \ *>•- ' ; ^ &0%M 11 PeThn'ps the people's vote, whiich here*v^Happily the aitcie'nt mythology rseords no patron saint for' auctions, else might we suppose that he was neglecting MBdutaes this season." On Mercury, god of thieves and merchants, and Mars, god of battles, must jointly rest the repponsibilfty for thelo wprices recently obtained at auctions of blooded stock. For in Borne,more than two thousand years ago, was established that system of public sale to the highest bidder to whose chances our leading breeders are willing, and sometime* forced, to intrust their fine animals—the auction being first held for the sale of military spoils among the soldiers, and a spear stuck in the ground taken the accepted sign of the seller's authority. As a means of disposing of blooded stock it has been ratis-The little house my father knew, IP The olivea^nd tho palms of Nice." ^s'1*A .v.- .• :•:•; ; . : . . He paused, and drew his sword out slow, •Then pored upon the blade intent,As if to read some written thing;While many murmured, " He will go MIn that despairing sentiment, ^9*t^J " ^ And break his sword before the king."He, poring still upon the blade, ;Hi^ large lid quivered—something fell. *' Perhaps," he said, " I was not bornWith such fine brains to trfat and trad^.— And if a woman knew it well, ;Her falsehood only meant her scorn.VII." Yet through Varese's cannon-smokeMy eye saw clear: men feared this man/At Como, where this sword could deal Death's protocol at every stroke.And now—the drop there, scarcely can Impair the keenness of the steel.'.. vra.V So man and sword may have their use; 2P?sales, and hence it is "not surprising that at might see her gait; and the bidding commencing at ana reason of the year when long months of Winter feed- even $1.00 went briakly on until $260 waa reaehe*, when the pretty thing was knocked off to Mr. Bath-ing a.Te to be passed, and at a time when the traffic in gate. This gentleman also got-And if the poil beneath my foot In valor's act is forfeited,sm ,X'3xPauline go for the price cf common dunghills, and thenpay as much or almost as much money for curbed orspavined brates, we do not see. But here, as else-where at horse sales, there were not wanting men whoinvestd their money without any defir-ite reason forthe faith within them; and here shrewd horse dealersthat he had refused an offer of $1,200 for him last year, hut nobody wanted him except E. K. Bradbury, and he got him for bis first and only bid of $500.Taking tbe list of horses aU throughout, we think they sold for about 20 to 30 per cent under their value. Some of the very best went 100 to 300 or 400 per cent—The friends of Lincoln and Hamlin held a moetenthueiastic meeting at Binghamton, on Tn^Bday ev«n-icg, which was addres»ed at length' by Henry B. Stan-ton. A crowd of Democrats were present. Broome would otherwiee have been given him. The crowds him for' 'his $500 bid ":. without a contest.|-The political excitements here on the evening of the litile income of two or three thousand a year, Prin^e'a «rriv»l wi'h^r^w mucb of tbe atteulion whichWedretday morning, many offerings qf entertainmentTrfij-iD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT OF NEW-JERSEY.—The awaited him. A few of these—perhaps the hundredth such as this naturally threw the tail end of the greatRepublican delegates to the Convention fo/ this Dis- part—-he was able to accept. He visited Girard Col-trict, comprising Hudeon Citfj North Bergen, Wae- lege, one or two public schools, the Eastern Peniwn-hawken, Harrison and Bergenr "Townships,. met at tiary,: and the Insane Asylum, and, in the afternoon, The long buildings in which the stock were housed onH - H . Newkirk's. Hotel, Hudson City, on Wednes- witnessed the horse-races at Point Breeze. But the gen Township, for Aesembly.—Tie Irieh Republican Club of Syracuse now num» hers 214 members and-accessions are daily made.'—An enthusiastic meeiiwg of the Republicans ofRahway, N. J.,s was held en Wednesday evening reserved its choicest efforts at attractive display. The sale commenced with the first lot on the cata- good price for the beef in he carcass. •to listen to a speech from E. S. Cleveland of Connecti- It was certainly a more imposing demongtration logue, after the usual statement of the terms and areai- Lot 24.—Snow-drop, by Lord' Eryholojp 2d, out of cut. The Arbland Glee Club were present, and sang than any the Prince has encountered since his ingof'th6 preliminary remarks iu the catalogue. The Zephyr, with the bag and. marks of a good milker onsettled at Henderson, Rusk County, Texas, and esral day, Oct. 10, and nominated M, J. Vreelaad of Bsr- moit agreeable and remarkable event of the sojourn purpose, being those used in a recentfair by theLot 14.—Ellen, a Kentucky bred cow, the pedigreein band, ready for" the expected cheers.. Wneo the / Tbe P/ince entered the Opera-House at 8 o'clock, the train thundered in and an ag- d ardveriera^Je owner of audience having a!l arrived a shoit time before. UponLot 2—Queen of May; had turned blind, and was very tuck; EO *he was not offered,,Lof- 3.-^-Princess; was a very pretty 6-year old sorrel mare;, round, Ftrong, and serviceable as abreedw, for w Mch purpose she is worth $ 1,000. Sae was sired by Gray Prince, the aire of General Darcy, who trotted his 'fifth heat in 2:31 as a 5-year old, and cau herself trot at this day in 2:50; But her capabilities; parent- age, and looks wens for nothing beyond $225, at whichmurd* r me. They ssnt six men to my shop to take me He has left a will, in; whi h Mensrs. Donglus, Br^ck'n- idg«, and ance that transferred'his earnest words of homage,Lot 6 —Dolly Phelps; an old brown mare, that iuU of Morgan and Goldfi'nder bieed, and has such tre— and sold at $70, to D. S, Rainaford; and Lof. 16—Proout but, finding me wide awake and fully armed, they Bellarenaujedas oxecutora, and he has directed that full »uitsshulked away. In ihe, morning, when I went out of of mourning he purohnsed for them out of hirf estate. It give^my door, I found a rope which, in.their flight, tha cow- me pleasure to add that the stuff for them will'be procured fitards had dropped, with wrich, I suppose, I waBto jour shop. He has also ordered tnat a~supply of anti-biliousmend.;U8 strength of hind-quarter, and. subsvancefrom their intended object to an apocryp ;al " Prince ofOils " In the chorus the entire company joined. As bss done her mile in 2:40. She soldat $210 to ThamasBono, a tolerable roan yearling, by Neptune out of Croton, went to G. Stra'ton. These, with Comet at $70, Albanian at $45, Masterman at $70, Bon Ton at $80, and Champion at $60, were all the bulla disposed of.By this time, the sbadeB of night had gathered about the fcant hundred persons who still lingered on the grounds, and as it had grown too dark to even see the print of the catalogue, much lees the poiuta of the ani- mals, the sale was cloeed, leaving all the sheep and swine, msny of the cattle, and some of the horees, to be disposed of at private sale.«;.core, brought about by perjon&l exertions of tbe I had hoped that after the report wae made, I should half »n hour, wee th«» reply. The editor'a dnr,ies »tt noble guette. An American contralto, Miss Heron ofTEiumu.E TRAGEDY IK LOUISIANA.—A recent ter- ribl* tragedy occurred on the Black River, iu he Parishprinciples of jostiee and equity; 2d, the amount of each Yates by the fact that, when in Kentucky, h?» was fore- Constitution. To th a preposition he assented. Mr.4Tiaviata," Madame Colaon bore tbe triumphs. Tbe Prince remained v. nntil the end of the performanie, appe«ring rather more interested than is usual with him upon public oceasionp, iu all chat passed.In fact, the- interest waa by no m^anif confined to the stajie display, the occasional eplendofa of which were always ecl'ipLedby the unvarying magnificence of the,, spechclo in the front of the house. I think chat, in ppite cf all the easy nonchalance of the Prince's patty, there were sometimes indications which could not be mietai«n of a delighted amazement—not precisely at the display itself, which may be often enough more than rivaled abjoad, but at BO dazzling a proof of the possibility of such an .event in an American city for which supremacy in matters of fashion and taste hadDelta, who had a very handsome wife,by whom he had told for $225 to Charles Miller. She is badly marked /had thirteen children, recently employed a yOung Ken-in her lega, aa if she had beenfiredfor curb and spavin; tu<kian as an overseer. Ilia wife was a Creole ofclaim; and, 3d, after a«l the claims were adjudicated, man of the Jury which acquitted Mat. Ward for kil ibg then having ascertained what per cent of the aggre- yxuDg Butler in Louisville. After tha trial, I had in- red claims the indemnity paid by Brazil would jusli- timations that I could rely on that, although acquitted, I awarded accordingly to each of ih& claimants. •by the Committee, the mob was not doneVisa ms. The claim of the Tarquiu was the 01008'. of all the My life being no longer safe, I gave it to be understood claims included in the treaty. It originate a short that I would leave and go to Cuba. I am ea'.isfied that if I bad given it out that I would go North, I neverwould have got away at all.Gales ttok up his pencil, unaware of thi9 new arrange- ment, and aluce unconscioua of the lapse of time under the enchantment of the orat-^r, and consf.quHn'ly he wrote on un-il the close of the epell. Some days pa«s- ing away and the ' proof' of the sp<jaeh not appear- ing, Mr. Webtt^r called on the reporter and made in- quiry. I have the notes, said Mr. Ga-es, and r-hey are at your service, as I shall never find lime to write them our. This Jed to some veoiouztranoe and persuasion but the over-taslced editor stood firm. Taeu Mfs! Galfs came to his rescue by saying that sne thought she. could decipher her husband"o chort hand, as she bad formerly occasionally done so. Mr. Gales doubted feeing that it was fifteen years, since sue had tried it! But ah© had heard the speech, and ae the resistless sw'et-pof ita argument and the prorg»ou« and mnasivebut the auctioneer said the marks had been made on Bhipbcard, which may or may not be true. She coat $1,000 in England, and Mr. Hurst says he has been of- fered that money for her here.May Thorn, a Mambrino mare, of Samuel Thome's breeding, had got kicked before the sale, and was not offered. :•'-;Let 17.—Lady Austin; a stout sorrel mare, by Waxy Pope, out of a common mare. She is a great roadster, and a very stylish driver, and went very cheap to Capt. J. Hilton at $130. 'Lot 19.—Black Hawk Maid; has trotted in 2:30 inher time, and ia by the original Vermont Black Hawk,grandson of Justin Morgan, out of a Hambletonian-very great personal attractions, and It wan soon ob- served hy the neighbor? that a suspicious intimacy had sprung up between her aad the overseer. The hus- band Was informed of this bv Borne of his neighbors, and for some time he would not cred t i;. At last he determined he would satisfy himself, and, accordingly, notify fog hia wife of his purpoeo to go to the city, he left hia honje—ard, rtturniog at night, pkcel himself in a convenient position to observe her room. It was not loDg before he discovered the overseer enter her room, and on looking through the wiudow discovered hia wife in the embraces of the eaid overseer, Btie baing in her night-clothes. Waiting until the guilty parties had separated, the infuriated husband, having provided a double-barreled, gun, saw the overseer come oat of the room, accompanied by his paramour, aad ki»sing her, and was about to leave, when the husband roseup and discharged one of the barrels of the gun intotime before the separation of Brazil from Portugal. The correspondence between the two Governments, showed that the justice of the claim was not denied byIn order that your readers may have a true insight into my condition, I will give one more scene which evar/e the responsibility by shifting it upon Portugal. was to me one full of anxious and thrilling interest." Brazil, but that the latter Government only sought toI thh k I apprized ISr. Hamlin, very soon after he had filed the memorial in behalf of the Tarquin, that I bad no doubt as to the validity of the. claim, but should have some trouble in fixing the amount, and shodid also have to obtain some information from the Brazil- ian Minister at Washington before I could finally de- termine the amount of the claim, and whether Portu- gal or Brazil should have paid it. It was never neces- sary for ths settlement of the Tarquin claim that the Commission should have been extended beyond itsoriginal fiodtation. It would have made that claim a coe to < have closed the Commission early, andout other dtims. Mr, Hamlin knewOn the night of the 15th of January, 1860, a companyof scoundrels, the leading men of which were fcqvaMarshall, Texas, held a conference in*Henderson, in anold house which had been a law office, at which also agood many planters, living near Henderson, were pres-ent.. The meeting was held at midnight. . Gettingwind of the matter, and being satisfied that they had abe rft^istfdin.uniertaking the difficult work." Inmet to consider my ease, I determined, if possible, 'to doe time thereafter the fair manuacript; eiune to Mr. never been claimed. In fact, there were those who learn their purpose* I went to the. building.' crawled Webster's hands for final correction. Scarcely a word declared that in no foreign capital could a worthier rep- under it, and overheard everything. I will- not take needed to ho changed; and soon a set of diamonds, resentation of social brilliance and popular refinement[feteso; hut, Hks »honest, honorablezeckkM »an, ao4 might Jdfl someher.'Xbt WrJ^VhiHi" - >$'«lwae sold to Ch*.Bathgaten>»gioficence of it* imagery were yei vivid in her mindat the Academy of Music, which was publicly regardedby tbe citizens as a fonml reception of the Prince,and for which, in consequence, Philadelphia had tion. rtdy ureqnaled brilliancy, even in Philadelphia, whereHaute, " Abe Lincoln, the great Rail-Splitter —I own brilliant auokjtcts are by no means nucprnm^n. Of. known to and designated by horsemen as " bottom."—Hejschel V. Johnson said, in his speech at Terretwenty boys (negroes); any onecan beat bioiana diy'e the thoueands prescmt, there were probably a hundred work splitting rails, and give two hundred.. I would not in full evtning drees. The galleries were no leesradiant than the lower parts of the house; distinctionsof poaiiion having been, for once, overlooked. Toseek for verbal illustrations of the surpassing splendor • the race bone, put of the thoroughbred mare Nettle- of the scene would be vain. Sach assemblages are aorere that etandaid^ of comjarisonfail. It ia quite suf- veiy pretty roomy mare for breeding, can trot in ficient to pay that dm ing' the American visit no oica- about three minutes, and- is worth at least $500 for tion more emphatically memorable has at any time oc-curred, atid tbat under no probable circamstances canany more acmirable representation of Bocial graces andexcellent popular taste be shown.prefer one of them i'or President, so help" me God, toLot 1—Caroline; is a smooth, well-made, strong, eight year old mare, fifteen bands high. Sha is'by Bridge's Emperor (out of F*nny Pullen. dam of the twenty nrile Trustee), out of a daughter of Six Walter,pojienced at the Montreal concert, by a determtuedmile in 2:-15. She was bought by Mr. Cragan, the dealer for $220, but he says he can find a customer at $1,000. . , , •be presented. The freedom from intra»ions, from lm pertinent scrutiny which the Prince enjoyed, were great*' than b* had evet found even among his loyalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069did not get a very great bargain when he paid $200 forheard of.PROBABLY SUICII>E.—Louia Deltas,an aved German,was found on W ednesday mornlat tyag doad la his room, at * »Untitled DocumentsKttermggayety it presented, theconst4ntevidenee ofthemselves than all rtrangers -were with t'aena.decent man was called to show her ofT to the'crowd, was sold for $120 to B. Harper—or about what she is worth. - yLot 23.—Flora; a three-year old filly, [by Gray Prince, the sire of General Darcy; out of a'half-bl**! mare, was shown off to good advantage, for, although the ia warranted to go in three minutes, she his a very bad curb, and was well sold at $200, to H. Bl*eoker.Lot 23£.—A Black Hawk filly oolti by Vulcio,' out of a very fast Vermont mare, and with three creeses of Black Hawk in her, was started at $75, asd nt hed up to $190 by three bidders, at which point there was a lull, and finally the hammer fell to the bid'of Mr. Bathgate. . '%%$Lot 25.—A sorrel gelding went for all he was worth"- $100, to F . L. Yates; and the alight stir he made was quite eclipsed by the interest felt in• • ' •"Perhaps no more than this we meant,When up at Austria's guns we fl«-w, 'And spiked them, with a cry apiece, ffig%pE and profitably in Great Britain. Outage influences Phelps. She was moved up and down, that the crowdlbtt such chances on Wednesday will take the troubleTHE CATTLE.Palermo's taken, we believe.THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WAIVES. find mares in tbe pasture lots, kept for breeding, that 1855, and full sister to the Duchess of Albany, thatthroughout, that it ia not difficult to believe that shei.**& attheprevioussalefor $300. OnWednesdayhewat of the affair is thati^chanmng as waa the picture of• offered $300 for the colt she is to have by Americau,.1 Lot 13.—Empress, an imported and thoroughbredmare, now ten years old and in foal by American, waa of Lafourche. A plan'e'r, says The Nep-Otkans/Lot 26.—Black Maria; a beautiful trotting filly, by factorily employed in this country, but more generally Henry Clay, out of the great "trotting mare Dolly'Italia."—Yet a dream was sent:—«|,-^Sgg^- have almost everything to do with the result ofLot 3. Of the cows, Red Rose, calved iu May, are no better than some they saw sold, but have coat went to California, at $400, has a good top and a goodsometime to visit our great breeding farms, they willi a thou: and t-ach. And one of these days, when, per- haps the fame of You. g Logan's performancas fills PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11,1860. tbe public ear, and he ia bringing bis cwner a neatbosom, but fails in the rump. Sie was started at $40, aid, after a brief Sfasm of bids,' knocked off at $95 to H. Bleecker.PHILADELPHU. 'Lot. 4. Ta*a8entha, by G»n. Scott, 527 out of a they will feel some • regr*t that Biadbovy got good pedigreed dam. Her head is well set, and she has a good fore-quarter and bag, but she is coarse iusale far into the evening, and ultimately brought it to a forced conclusion before the lots were all disposed of.Wednesday were spacious, and very excellent for'thewas the opera'ic performance, on Wednesday evening, Albany County Agricultural Society. The sale, how- of whose dam went away back to Strawberry byStalHoDtr. 2Marcs, 1'Three-year olds. 2..Two-5«-or o.d*. 8 . . . . . . . . 1,165 Heifers, Yeailtags, 8............. 785Total for Horset $5.0M)•mi*nTotil for Cattle.. ..$3,15U www.fultonhistory.comissssssasttft 