 •The War Department baa received a heavy mail fromthePacific.C;l.Wright,commandingtheDepartmentofOregon, writing from Fort Vaocoavsr, states that vnrjthing was quiet at San Juan. Capt. Heat had been re-stored to command, asd the island was in the joint occu-pancy of both goreiamenta, Matters re_ain, ttertfnrs, uEChacgerf. Io>r«orto—S8£00 bushels wheat. 114.044NEW YORK HERALD. * A a at* IMIKUOI • * " 1RT»,tisratioe«fiaeK'tgitan OevsramsAfc etyfromtheoldladle!ofExeterBailth«nfrom skilfully and scientifically for that object.Of/it*. **•*•.oa-AS or aT-TOP 4KBWASSAt*8T3.TJTA'Jtf" ttth **. ' ef"i- AVwF-..%.ii'itt" f: If '.a .T*v }'•-r;*7*«-picture papers—the former being in astraitforanitem and thelatterforacut Assoon &sthe statements appeared in New York officials- The Mozart aad Tammany sections ofthey were promptly contradicted in the HERALD, the democracy, it is known, are tremendouslytreated everywhere in the United States. With (heir ownfaction, they were really helping to' all these facte before them, some of the London elect the candidates of the enemy. Nothing fs• «r 88 I*** •*»"•• **» Bvrsswaa •HMO* •«••_ — *,JZZm*d2mm.urn«*»i* »*&—«»•»•>*«•»»**"*«n'*" lower. Thetotalsalesforthe week were—5,650 beef cattle, 114 cowa, 771 treal calves 17,2s7n o l e e s t h a n t h r e e o f o c r c o r r e s p o n d e n t s b e i n gen the ground, while the 'special" of the Lon-don Times waa idling away MB time at Baltimore. Subsequently the Duke of Newcastle ticians, both of Mozart and Tammany, weredeclared, not. once only, but many times, that cheating their own friends on the county ticket;the royal parry had been most courteously while pretending to support the candidates of haw York atpar. ^ ^ ""^ffrShfr)nliikt D ^ w a - a s * * . ********F_:i_U>_LPBXa STOCX Be 'EX9- P-o-Dtuma, Nar. 14 1480^'^U^i'xSSrtMti •»**«** wAfa aaeaaar. Btoepeesisnitfe-—»fc* ________sheep and Lasl-.•», and 10.SC2 swine.The cotton m*rk?t yastenUy, no4er the In^ueace oft_e r*r«iff- caws, w atenller And more Act!re: the i*les footed op betwena 5 000 Asd 4,000 bales Floor WAS iftl-er he«Tf, hot the rorelga »»teii:gence leaded to sosuta prlcea, while the sales were moderAie aa«t prices uachaaged. Wheat was more active, hot prlcea -e*e withStocksfartread, IT*; Morris dual. BS: Long k 'land Seine? 11*f; Penaryr-aaa BaUroad, S3 eight ensnege eaV o l a iI I V .AMI:««.-_!•-» TBI* BVEXIXO.. H o . 3 1 VShJllfB •AK~-». *rw_way.-M__jAS»FACJI- oatcha_|tofmemsntthetransactionsembracedparoeli HA„.. t i u •»»_".paperspersistinattackingtheSouth. After easierthanforthesmartmanagersofthere- d«'\enddecline*#e..eiBeaTi.torfatrtofl«ffair Molasses r e a 80c The rest of tee market una tangalw ; > r i k OAKDCJi. Bwalf AS» Jwurf.AroadwaT.latrAfSit,onthespotsadonspallation. Oo-owasrather bett«f aad aore aotlte, w>th aales of Weatera mixed afloatjwd in store at (>».». a 7lo., Western yellow At 72 5,the grand ovation wegave to the Prince,and publican party to premise the same place inMoarta,No? lg,» 8«> ^ C o t t o n s a t e s t o - d a y MO b a k e , . t 1 0 \ e a l i e . a * a i d________ RO--KT TH«ATBB. Bowery.dllng. 8atesoflastthreedays1,200bales;receiptaft i . s*r__• Taours WALLACE* THEATER,FtEE ___BOGUS ro_addoat71^'c,aiidprimeKarthCaroilaawhiteat to prove to the world that the Italians« _ - _ . - Cottoadoil._ _ . C w A S - n - o * . K o r . 14, U s * Bates to day 1 000 bates.!,U'RA K-RNIce VHEATBR. No. • ! Broad way.-Par- tic **»F_iK«r—Tooaua APATHEE.Sugar*wereheavy,hotaaehanged,withsalesot700a toperceivethatFranceisatpresentfollowing,900hhda. Coffeewasquiet, a small lot of Riosold at rather than directing, in Italian affairs. TheWiththelarge amountof patronageattheir MlUafit38,OhioteofferedatBSCI*. Wheatdulleaa lower: red, »1 30 t 81 84; white, 81 40 a 81 40. Oan* commandinthefederal offices,afterthe4thof baoyaot yellow,74a.aTicProvisionsquietandsteady•KBW BOWBBY THlAfU. Uvi3_E Ooosa—Deems* » " *150. Freight* were Crmer. aad oora aad «heet were'.—C_r_a*Era— engaged,inbulk,at lSd a 15>_d;wheat,Inb-_and Cbnsfifufionnei may trace out programmes ofTHX FALSE PROPH_TS OF WALL STREET—BE- March, and the city offices, if they should carry saeaa pork, $1* 40 Lard, 12c Ooftee dali. WhiskerWrrxTic a 81c. Pork was doll and cheaper: sales of messwere'mad* at $13 9* a 119, Aad of prima At f IS 60.are still in leading strings. Events have,however, advanced too rapidly for people notf o r t h e i r a s s i s t a n c e , a n d t h i s i s n c d o u b t j u s t t h e game they wiii play.aUxnwaa. Nor. u , UBS. Flow -all and Sisrsssii: Howard street, U 44; Otareported thirty three dead, " with still a priation of a millio- cf dcllan for defensive heavy 6ick list. The town cf Belize was quite purwoees.ment cf her rights.THE CHARCESOF THE Font Hrxr>r:i:r>.—We arevery much relieved in our minds on being ableWe hope that they will read over the stock list attentively, and then lie as quietly as possi ble in the beautiful bed which they have made for themselves.A BLACE REITBLICAN ScmE.—The black re- publicanleadersandjournalistsarebeginning torecognisetheforceofthewhirlwindthatis rising against them, and to seek fcr palliatives and remedies. The silly Times thinks it has found a cure for its black republican evils, and tells the world that "it is simply to provide by law for paying to the slaveholders the value of their fugitive slaves, instead of restoring them."This is the old fallacy of ''emancipation and compensation." It is entirely bey end the range of the mental calibre of the Tines to touch the results that must flow from the logical derelope- ment of its proposition. It proposes that the federal government shall p a y t h e compensa-healthy, the yellow fever having entirely disap- peared for more titan two weeks. Businesswua very dull. A large number of passengers and a large quantity of specie came down en the packet v,hickarrivedonthe10th. Amongthepassenger-. »ereWm.H.Coffin.C.W.DnseldorffandWilliara Ijianey, all of whom came down to look after U eir commercial interests, which were endangeredi > v. alker having taken TTUXUIO.lYesddent Martuiez. ot Nicaragua, in a proclama-tion thanking ihf people for their patriotic efforts during the recent filibuster excitements, urges the ii( rt ?_ty ot the five republics ef Central America besoming consolidated, for their greater strength utid security, under the title of the Republic of C'-ntrel America, and offers, for his part, to lay ilowi all his authority at the feet of a central go- vi raiiicnt.Such are the salient points of ihh remarkableOn the 4tk of last month the American barkHenry left Antwerp for Savanneh, with a cargo ofvnioui productions intended for exhibition at the« eo: g'ta State Fair. This vessel, the Pricurseursays, is the first of a line destined to carry on direc t commercial intercourse between the Southerninltcd States arid Europe, and her departure onthat account Attracted considerable attention.A; ong the Articles are products uot oa!y of Bel-gium, but of several German provinces. The car- we carnot hope to escape through this impend-Dr.To expend itures o t the conunittoea oa— TnvitattrE—(Isaac _. Brown's bill) Tickets andfinance—Sundrybill* Reception—Sundry billsUcsin and bouse—Scadry bills 1 lecr.raUoLS—Sundry biUsSup! or and Coor—Sundry billsPolice aad carriages—Sundry billsTo proceed to CanadaTo proceed to Washingtoa3}- tbe Secretary (clerk hire, printing, ata-"tionory. \c.)Balar.ceTotalTo enclosed check for SCO 65 sent to .\u a of the$65 CO 60S 84 144 BO6,410 00 7,644 4 312,466 00 845 63nil ail.sistence there this winter, as well as in other places. The arracgement of the dispostt'en of the public lands proposed by the President will te entire y satisfactory, and is the meat judicious that can bs made. The crops of wheat and corn are net equal to the probabla con- sumption.A??C':5T5C>-n.Alva H. Leslie has been appointed by the PresidentDeputy Postmaster at Newcastle Pa.Lieutenant Colonel Gardner has, is the cruiaary routineef businees, been relieved of the cemmard of Fort Moultrie, asd will be succeeded by Major Anderson, who Is next to tim ia rank in the First regimen: of artillery.The Praaldaxuial Election.the permanent one, but answered the purposetarwhich tt was intended very wall, aad in thirty-two aiautes from the time the train entered it omened at the west approach Tae return waa made in nice minutes aad tha enthusiasm of the laborers (who left their work uasltended to for the moment) to greet the passing train was hearty a~d ably responded to.The grand and imposing appearance of the tunnel was the theme of general eomaent, and the places where the arching and brickwork are completed were loudly pratesd by the c;-.c:*f»;: as well aa by the uninitiatedAtrainwasrunthroughyesterdaymorningforthe oosTealeaoecf any who might foal curious for the trip. AI! enjoyed tha trtp exceedingly. Thus is opened the great Bergen Tunnel.Tha Testimonial to Capt. U lUen Additional subscriptions received by Messrs Bowand .'< Aspinwall for the testimonial te Capt. John Wilson, ofthe brig Mtante SohlSar —re is in charge of two pupils of the HighBclool •!CommerceofAntwerp.At the meeting of the Board of Education last •, LiUog, an appeal of Mr. Hurst, the principal ofing ordeal without a serious shock to the finan- cial,jcommercialandgeneralbusiness relations of the whole country, from New York, the great businesscentre,tothe remotest boundaries ofdo with these emancipated- fugitives.would b e n o need o f their runningthe cold climate of Canada; many of theTotal fotal.the u.ale grammar school in the Nineteenth ward, j the Union. Already the business relations ofirex the deciakm of the local board in that ward,The straight Douglas ticket carried just enough votes from Messrs. Vroom. Wurtz, Con diet and Brewer to de- feat them. Messrs. Brewer and Wurtz are defeated by some 1^00, while the others lose it by from 100 to 80S la some parts of the State the peo; le voted as though the uew6 of the fusion had never reacted them.Take all the votes together, there is a majority of from 3,000 to 1 CC0 against Lincoln.030BGIA.Acac3tA, Ga , Nov. 14,1SB0.The popular majority agates* Breckiartdge n tnU State is sear:- _,0C0.INTIAiSA.IXZ . A 5 A X 1 J . N O T . I t . 1 8 6 0! m jforty -serenta annual meeting ef the above society took place on Tuesday last, at noon, at tha Reformed D_to_ chureh, corner of fourth street aad Lafayette placeAfter the reading of a portion ot the Scriptures, and rrar ;r by the Rev Mr Roche, Mrs, Post, tha Qeccrdlag Secretary, read the annual report. Mr. Roche ti.es de- liveredaneloqoent addreas, after which the Treasurer a report was read, which showed the receipts of the past year to be 8£,1E_ aad the expenditure 8il,72S 73, teavlns; a batenos in band cr 81 •- 7a. The following efflsers, with twenty three managers, were etected forOil:—Di recUesses, Meadaam J. Skidmore^S. Brown aad ShaSar Treasurer, Mrs. J. S or bran—re elected. Record tng Secretary, Mrs M. Poet -e elected. Correapcoliag Se-! the people cf the Southern States with the North icr.ed to the newly organized Committee on A p- t have fallen into a very unsettled conditionROYAL PHELPS, Treasurer. Wehaveexaminedtheaboveaccount,have foundpro- per vouchers for every Item, and we declare the balance ot $11,260 in favor of the General Committee to be correct.MATTHEW MORGAN,!C.-ai'ssing him without sufficient reason, was re-:.**'«-. The <*cmmiuee on Salaries and Offices re- ! crted in favor of paying the salaries of the illegal ty dismissed teachers of the Fourth ward from the u t_ of May, the time of their -legal discharge, till :Le nth of July, when they were discharged again w th rather more formality. The report waa aiopt- fj. after a abort resistance oa the part of Com- u.ja.ocer Waterbury and others, and its adoption pets the Fourth ward difficulty finally at rest. TheCommittee oa Elections aad Qualifications reported iu favor of concurring with the local board of th3 i crth ward in appointing Thomas Fitzgerald a trustee in that ward in the place of John Oliver,| from the prevailing disunion excitement, whichwhose office w a s declared vacant of his removal from the ward.in consequenceL et us weatherhope that Messrs. Boole &,Co., who got up aball ostensibly for t i e Japanese Princes, b u treally for the delectation of their rowdy con-stituents (whom Peter Cooper & Co. strictlytabooed), will be good enough to let us havetheir little bill, so it may be squared up beforeNew Years Day. Peter Cooper & Co. havegiven Boole & Co. a good example, and w ehopethatBoole&Co.willprofijbyit.Andone word more, especially to jou,Bocle & Co.Y ou could n o t fund a better auditing committeethan that which approved the above bill. Ifthey approve your account we will warrantthat it will be promptly paid, and you will notLockwood L. Doty, a gentleman 1stxcept.o—able inevery respect, and deservsdly popular with all parties, tsappointed Private Secretary In -lace of Mr. Buss Mr.Doty waa Deputy State Treasurer, from 1810 and 13SS, damaged about 9M; insured. and has beea d i e ! Cleric c! the Executive Department forAn interesting lecture was delivered last evening at the roonaa of the Hbtorical Society, before the members af that body and a very respectable and appreciative Audience, by the Hev. James C. Fletcher. The subject was "Brasd and theBrazilians. "The Board of Supervisora met yesterdiy after-noon, bat transacted no business of importance.A oommunicAtion WAS received from the Comp-troller ahiwing the condition of tLc county finances,The balance in tha treasury on the 8th last, amounttwo years past.John H. Ltasiey, now Lepsty Clerk, has bees apx'lnt-ed Chief Clerk. *^ Raportad Illuass of Senator Douglas.Frsx *i CBTAS eraxrT—Shortly after five c'c.ock teati i Jradiates from South Carolina to Virginia, Mis- sis-ppi and Florida. Before this condition of things can b e improved it must become worse; for w e cannot expect to better it until w e shall have passed the crisis of disunion.Assuming that, through the pacifying agen ciesiofforbearanceandconciliation,theUnion will) pass the crisis unbroken, we may next loos;, for its future security, to the spontaneousrformation of a powerful C nicn party, Northand South, and to a great and decisive nationalTHOMAS TII.E^TON,jyOi the Finance Committee.ed to 1674,501 The Board adjourned tai Tuesday ! Adthinistration at Washington In reference tonext.Ti.e Emigration Couuuisaoaera held their weekly ; the threatened secession of South Carolina. Her people are wild with the idea of an in-meeting yesterday afternoon. It waa decidad to ' dependent government. Let them be treated have all the old furniture and other stores remain-three lending factions—the Mozart democracy, the Tammany, democracy and the republicans— the ether little cliques which sprang up likenrby the banks.Twofirmson market street bare suspended paymentTUe BartfaDlworeoCase Postponed. NAramvoua, Nov. 14,1880.By agreement between the counsel. tha trial of the dl-Toroe case was fostpoaei this morning until Monday next.ThaconsentofthacounselforMrs.Burchtotha Capt e,ofSafsnanah:1 withdrawal of the St. Louis depoaitloai relieves the caseof cms of Its most obnoxious features. It Is saA thatameng the great mass of depositions still on file, the ad-miselon of which wlU be streucously contended for, aremany cf a character equally stBWMSBB to Mrs. Starch'sattorney, aad ea,ua_y dangerous to his success if sub-stantiated.ing at Quarantine removed to Ward's Island to- day. The matter of the payment of the rent of Dr. Gonna house at Quarantine was referred to the President aad Counsel of the Board for their opi- nion. The number ef emigrants arrived for the week waa reported to be 1,619, which brings the tvtal since January 1 op to 93,3i>2. The sum in the hand* of the bankers to the credit of the Board at present is $14,861.At the investigation into the Kolyer murder at New Lotts, Queens county, held before Coroner Wood yesterday, the two Sprotta—father and son— whohadbeenaneatedonsuspicion,werehonorablyJapa-.discharged, and the evidence adduced was sup- posed to implicate another man named Lambert.The icquest is adjourned to Saturday.lhc tpAnkh stras&iftla BtlWUtU, C?&_£_,*Southern Ocsaa Steamer Moramaata* BAVAaaAa.Nov. IS, i860.Theateamship Augusta, from New Yorky arrtvad at Kbee at twelve o'clock, and at the wharf at hair-: set fiveiaaRerneoa.Flra at Sarala, C. W .SAKTA, C. W , Nor. I t , 1334.Intehtgecce Las ;oat been rece'ved tiiat the North- weatern Mr tag Company's warehouse at Eagle Parbrr. Lake Superior, has been burred, with Vj& w'it:r suppiles. The machlsery was asTedsh'.psi bag?. at IS J.d. a 144., withfloorat Z i. P1.; to Lontide election, the republican party never had soNEW YOKE HERALD, THUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1860.guBvsj, And cxrrita Z90 men. course which the FxgHeb government will purjfmAsdWAAgood,andprime OAttle Lrcught fall pi--e*. Other kiadi were a shade lower. Milch cowajwere firmer. Venla wereinder_a_d at full pricea. The market for aheep and lambs was Ateady, bat prices were 20c. a60c. per Lea' lower. Swine were plenty, and common were a shadesia,Prussiaand Spainhave,happily,exercised DO toLuene* opon it, and in declaring that it oees no reason to llama the course pursued by the King of Sardinia, It lends him a moral sup- port which ecableB him to treat with indifTrtrenoe the hostile demonstrations of the other Powers.Bat the chief value of this document lies in the fact that it imparts renewed confidence to Italy at a time when France seems again disposed to play fast and loose with her. Backed by English opinion, Count Cavour will be emboldened to persevere in the independent course which has hitherto rendered him the master, Instead of the instrumentofFrenohpolicy.The interference of the French Admiral at Gaeta may not mean more than a desirewithth'simmenseinfluence theywillapproachhe further reco*. mends the repeal cf the penal Italy when the tide of war is rolled back into laws of Georgia, so far as the citizens of the Lombardy. It will be then her time to insistjust now, a great deal darker than any of us care to confess.oflemding States m&7 be concerned, wherebytheir property and their U T M in Georgia willbe left without any legal protection. The however, whether Italy will be satisfied to sub-Thisisthesolemntruthaboutthematter,and it wears quite another aspect from thatwhich Booth, Knapp i C c . predicted. They regard to Pike's Pes_, showing the urgent necessity of a tend, and closing in Bsflh'o on Monday next. The arefalseprophets,andhavehelpedNorthernTerritorialcrgaairttiosforthatregiesItisaid:rstoocoperalessenwillbegtaiaPbiladolphaontheevenGovernor, next suggesting a general conven- tion of the Southern States on the disunionmit the arbitration of her destinies to a body whose members have neither sympathy for herthe President will recommetfl suet a measrrs '.r bis m*s- srse to Congress.KB. U a C i i a ' S CAEIY3I.There is considerable tail here a>;.t i a _ Houston.Joan Miser Belts sad Andrew Jackaoa Dcz&soa, as Soctheru members fcr Lincoln s Cat.- x.ALUGXT rourncai. p«os(3C?ro>.It is said that charges are preferred at tha Navy De- partment against master machta'xts ts Northern navy yar-'-athattheyopposedBrec-iaridge Memberswho havebeendefeatedarenowclamorousfcrthedepoaitiosof the delinquents.THX rxrx coarmoif a? AFFAISS _•• EAJHAS.GOT. Madary, of Kansas, asserts that the crops a nshort in that Territory, but that the stories of destitutiontig cf the 26th. Miss KeUogg has mads a genuine sac- cess, and, with a little mere stage experieaoe, wti, h e , they say, a capita! artiste."Ia Julva " wit! be gotten up very finely at the Acade ay of Musichere It is expected that the manaceaact will b e ready t o commence operations o a Wednea- day, 2LatOrctT-c c? rax Ba-oxa TISBXL —These works are evi-dently aprroaefatsg completion. Y esterday aftcmoo;,abcuthalfpea:fouro'clock,thefirstlocoaotlv*,withitstetre?aadacar,pan?dthrooghfromendtoaid.Atthe time na_>d, F. H. Berdeii, Etc% , the Preaident of the Lcag Dock Company, with Colonel Alien, enter engineer. A. 3 . Se; mour, Esq , contractor; several gentlemen con cected with roads that will pass through the tunnel, a few stockholders tad all the employ 6s that could get ac- eonmodatcd, rtepped oa te the ear prepared for the Initial trip, and the train sloe ly but steadily entered themegeage. It is net a secession document, per to present to our readers the following clearae, but it u brimfull of revelutionary com- bustibles. Inconnectionwiththedirectdil-and satisfactory statement of the cost of thegrandballwhichPeterCooper«V.Company utionprogrammecf SouthCarolina,and gaveinhonorofthePrinceofWales.Thewith the sympathizing movements initiated in rjlcrida, Alabama and Mississippi, it would be folly to attempt to dieguise the gloomy and threatenlDg clouds which cover our whole- Southern horizon. In Scut- Carolina what we hav0 to dread is not disunion meetings, mani- festoes, speeches and resolutions, nor is it the declaration by her approaching State Conven- tion that South Carolina is an independent re- public; but it is some violent collision between the State and federal authorities aftei the act of secession. This revolutionary collision between the State andtheUnited Stateswehopewill be avoided b y the utmost forbearance on both sides. If thus avoided, the Union may not only be saved, but it may be restored to something liie its original harmony in all its parte.whele number of subscribers to the ball was fcur hundred, and forty thousand dollars wereBut assuming that in the way indicated we shall escape the practical first blow of disunion,By amount received—From the four hundred members of the Gene-ral Committee—$100 eachFor UUrty three supplementary tickets issuedby order of the Executive Committee, atSlaeachFor proceeds of articles left over from thecommitteeE. E. NEWYoa^, Nov. 12.1800fifty per cent to the slaveowner. The unequal TUX PROBAELZ KBSULT O F T H E ELECTION VX tiEW M-Jtaai Benefit Life Insurance Compasv or Newark,triuanph cf this party in 1SC4.this storm, and we shall hear no more of dis- union In the South, and c c more of the "irre- pressible conflict" in the North, as the policy of the general government; for a great Uniontion to this State. The world is rapidly learn- ing that a state of domestic servitude is the wisest state in which a large negro population can live in community with the white race.THE MtiiiciPAL ELECTKN—A REVOLUTION INp a n jfaithfully to all the compromises und compacts of the ccuititutio:. will restore a sense of se- curity to t i e South and a spirit of concord between the two sections which we have notnight a fire was disc.rsred on the eecard rabr of thebctldiag No 28 Cedar street, in toe p.r*r box maacfao- tory of Selgmcnd Schwab. The tames extended into tha thirdfiocr,andLeforethefirewasextinguishedthastock was nearly ell destroyed The loss will assoant to abottwill cometo therescue, and,standingPOLITICS.—ThepoUtioiansa r e busypreparingf*i\ifj*3 fcr taif a C*::tar!'Meantime we rely upon the discretion of thea wonderful revolution in city politics is about __with the indulgence which the crisis demands, and within the month or mora intervening to the action o f their Secession Convention, t h e "sober second thought" m ay begin to work among tkem But should the Convention de- clare South Carolina an Independent State, hav- ing no further connection with the government atWaahington.etill let forbearance and kind- nees b e the policy of the administration W e doubt not that this will be the poUey diaclosed in Mr. Buchanan's annual message to Congress and it is to b e hoped that Congress, and the re- publlcan party in Coogrees, acting In the same spirit, will seek rather to reconcile South Caro- lina to the Union tkastc posfeher people to open rebellion.items, a t a n y rate.nese bill hanging over us any longer.up, Messrs. Boole & Co., and a very good morn- ing to you.THE PRINCE'S VISIT AND ran LONDON PRBSS _ _We perceive that some of the English papers,following in the wake of the London Tunes.are publishing very elaborate attacks upon theinstitutions of the South, founded upon a falsereport to the effect that the Prince of Wales hadbeen insultedatRichmond. TheBritish jour-caiiste take the ground that the alleged affrontsoffered to the Prince and the gentlemen of hisUntitled Documentsuite are evidences of the barbarism of slave-holders, a n d thereupon t i e j preach, long homi-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069no account whatever. There is no national question involved in the coming contest, nothing touching the politic, of the country or the State, no President to be elected, nothing at issue but the spoils—who shall have the dis- bursement and the plunder of the ten millions of dollars which the unfortunate taxpayers are to replenish the treasury with is the only pointTJ:e \..n tiallou af HaiOa^-Impa******D * " lies, which would come with much more propri- that they are already laying the wires mostThe Caaada a t BA.?»_.•oawoi. fcor, M*-U P. M..r I t A .ia. arrived at thi* port laate.eoing fromHavana. Shecamshereforrepaint,ABJwillpro-cetJlto t_e N»?y Y»rd, Br«»oklya, where she wit!betafLeaentLedock. TheB_rccgi.el» naouati57 MinisteratTurinM%atrestaildoubtastothe journalists. Thefact aboutthe matteristhat republican President in power. After thethe Emperor's intentions, but it is clear to theFORE AND AFTBB ELECTION.—We have printeddull.BARNUM'SAMERICA*MUB-rjWBrOBdway.-pay,-and doaa_ea*.WASengaged,labalk,At151,aadflourat4a.simplestobserverthatitisCountCavour'atodaythecelebrated"AppealtoBusinessmuchpoweroreomuchmoneyasnow;hence*Te^i_c-A_wo <*iu>Mir—Lrraw Onncsrnav *c.-Bosa Euw- ^_.B-T AlfTV MIKIITKKUi, aTeehaalos' Hill, 471Broadway.- Bvxuweom •<"•• r*Aaem, AX.-USAB Ur.lTI2I/y» rfAI.OOB, BTo_twej.—HOOIET A Cucri-ix's M-»»rasu in -tuioriAS Hoeoa, D_acas, Bc__t*»r_3, he— Ltris imecnmT h itdie So»i_—Mcsaase of Gevsreer Brown, ot Georgia.We dare te a considerable poitioa of our avail-able apace this mcxnlng to the extraordinaryviews, and not his cwo, that at present shape his course.The object of the Emperor in throwing ob- stacles in the way of the annexation of the Duchies, the Marches, and again of Southern Italy, waa not so much to prevent the consum- mation o? those events as to secure the meeting of a general Congress, which, in concert withRussia, has been his pet project ever since theMen,'' which w a s issued o n the day before elec- tion by a number of prominent merchants and bankers ofthis city. It wasthetheory of theseProTtolons qalat. Whiskey dull at 22c a t2).e. AuiAsrr, KeT. 14—4 P. MCAKT-K*UAI OOKOK-T SALOOJt, MB ftro_dw_y.- message of Governor Brown, of Georgia, to the Boss*. LUJi~_, BVBUUMn*. AC.tion cf Lincoln; that if the vote of this State deed, and the temples deserted. Both these buihelsat 88c for Westera nlied. a£<at Barley lataLegislature of that State, on the eubject of her .:».£>. »r HOW OK) ». B>OT-_l_. H©»,M M B . KlOEXaCl e x i t i n g federal relation*. This document, itshould be given to the fusion ticket, and the choice of thePresident thereby devolve upon Congress, w e should have a winter of disaster, and eo on:whereas, the triumph of Lincolnactive sales10.000 bushelsat75c forOauadAWest.48c. factionswillbeabsolutely swept away. Fer- fCTtoorcweiStale.7Ecto'lonrroweddo,63cforwa-nando Wood, the father of Mozart, and Elijah ter Whiskey—L'ghtsalesat20aBr-rAio,NOT. 14-1PM.COOPBB iMRTrttjiB-AtoBass o* THE PiCIfK Rill- iv« Unit ACS <t«»Sl-tvNew forA.Th.rMlA V , I w i m b i t 15. ISftO.T_« Raws.The Account* from the South thia morning Atehighly i-tereatlng, bat we have only space to refer <or readers to the despatches in another part of to-day'A pAp«r for pArticulAra.Flour dull and uncsaoged. Wheat dnli: no sales this morning; sate* >eu«-r<Uy afternoon, 1S4C0 bnahete No 1 on thesame boat for a voyage up Salt river, Cbleetospringat680 Corn dull sales S,0O0 br.Hcete.Canal freight* stoedy lave moor's 10-day—21,980 bate and all their followers will be shipped off with flnur, 113Obushels wbnt. 14X00 bushelscorn Canaleipcns—ISCCCbushed wheat,42.000bcBheisoora,15.340 b_>heis oats. ,BrrvAio, Nor. 14—4 P. M. floor oulet and nachanfed. Wheat qaiet; ta cons* ',u?sce of tlehteesi of the money rrarket nothing doing.NEWSFROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL. Cor*:cell snrt l«wr-r: t-altaIf,fC4bustc>at47c Oata ttiady: »al«s 11,CC4 bushel* at .ic. Canal freights steady atlie.oawheat,SfconcontoNewYork Imports— 1 CCO bote finer, K!> (00 bushete wheat. 88 Seo besEMsa f-rr. 1 COO barbels beriey. Exports—167,008 busheteF.cursteadyat4880forextraSUte Wheatcaster; taiea 42.000 bush, in No 1 Mi:«rankre clnb at 41 46. 4,044 ouahelB do. at 41 03. 4400 beab. Is red State at 41 IT, 8£00 bushels Oansriaclab and 2 2(0 t-shels white Canada on private term* Oner trains quiet. Canal freightsheld A meeting last evening, and adopted an ad- dress on the exciting political topics of the day, totheBreckinridgeandLaneelectors.Thedocu rcent is given in another column.t_i*3 up Massachusetts and her stringent crimi-nal legislation against the Fagitive Slave lawof tporgree?. Against this legislation of saidState he pre poses, should any citizen of Gecrgia hereafter suffer from it in the loss of a ful war rather than to enter into a Congressvtiieat, Si- CCO bcrhel* corn, 8.0C0 bc*heiE citsOnrsGO. Nov. I t - 6 P M JThe Young Men's Union Clnb met at their head-ciiArtiw, Broadway, last evening. It was expectedt! httheHon. Mr. Billiari], of Alabama, wonldad-dress them on the gnat issue of the day. Thatgentleman, however, was prevented by pressingbtiiine?s from attending. T h e meeting w a s a d -d:ev<*edbyex-MayerSwann,ofBaltimore,whoen- them,butparticularlyagainstMassachusetts, urcd Into the qucsticas now affecting the Union, be not only proposes the remedy of reprisals, .<ndittommeudtdacoalitionoftheconservative but!a discriminaticg State tax upon theirconveyed in Count Oivour s recentspesch, that six months would see a change in the opinions ofthegreatPowers in regardtoVecetia.was not vaguely spoken. Neither have the enormouswith Secretary Cats to cay. respecting the matters cc_North attempts to bully the South, and the nected with his visit to this eocstry. It ia understood he bushels wheat, to CCO r.uste's oora Sllpaeato—1444a.en cf the cuuutry for t i e i tn:iion rights.preservationof our1857, and the results will b e consequently much^ I m p a e d m gCrist*- T h a Nortfca a dtics of the city after the Charter election, andwill b e cbaervid, preaenta, not the remedy of cisnixicn for Sonthera giiera-ces against the Korth, but the policy cf reprisals and legisla- tive! z-eaaures of retaliation against any and evefj State cf the North whose existing lawsPurdy, the father of Tammany, will be shippedd":?regard and violate the Constitutional rights these twr Powers shculd alone be the?of ©ecrgia on the rutject of elave property.gainer? The Warsaw Conference was con-venedTLe Rational Democratic (laneral Committee tie Northern n_liifying States complained of, ia reality to secure an understandingGovernor Brown, ae a flagrant example offor generalas to a Congre.>-». T h e same jealousy and dis- trust which had before so frequently defeated it againcauseditsfailure. Austriawiselyre- solved to encounter all the hazards of a doubt-The Republican General Committee held a meet-ing lAet evening, and after a long and stormy dis-cussion adopted a sarlea of resolutions with refe-rence to the recent election, by no means calcu-lated to allay the excitement existing In the South-ern States. The resolutions referred to may be tiietfull value of said slave cr slaves, and for And war she certainly will have. In no other loond In Another part of to day a paper.WASZISOKKT, NOT. 14,15C0. rr: iiczio neat THX PACIFIC—Anana AT _ur itu* ISUJTO»late cr slaves, that reprisals b e made b y the Stage of Georgia apen the property of citizens ct Jklaasachu-ette, wherever it can be seised, towith a sovereign whose traditions of the politi- cal arrangements of 181" constitute a legacy of vengeance.boabeisrorn, 6.800 baeitees barter, 8 000 bushels oats. la the same condition as.they did under tho tiaL-ccUons S^CO bushels |xa« *Tat<.ris—8.986 bote floor, 84484thei indemnificatjon of the owner thereof. way can Franc? compel the vindication which In addition to Massachusetts, the Northern she has been so long seeking. The intimationfrom Congressional broils. <NQW, however, the matter is directly before the people. Tneira LIXD3AT'S M33;os 10 tax romr STATIC.Mr. Lindsay had a protracted and friendly interviewStates guilty of nullifying the Fugitive Slave laM. specially enumerated by Governor Brown, are Vermont, Maine, Michigan, Rhode bland Connecticut, N e w _"crk and Wisconsin. AgainstSouth retorts by declaring for secession in any does not ccme tn any cScial capacity. The matters at V; Is flour 60,000 bnsbets wheat SC COO bos—' t corn. JOCO bcfLcs oata Sight excLaage oa New Yorkevent. This state of things naturally alarms issue having bees thoroughly discussed by Mr. Lindsay •carce, at 2?£ a S per cent premiumgrounds. SheseesthattheattackuponVenice r__rufaciuree cf twenty-Eve per cent ad is but the question of a few months, and she is21jottlfdbutadvancedytpercentpremium, • C?IAAHC MATTSSS.—The association of Italiaa cperaUiartists, which lnelcdee Madame Coiacc, Wm Louisa Ztt- Irjf. Slgnori Brlgnoll, Ferri aad Sosioi, has been very successful ia the West Tne association has give- tww concerts is Pittsburg, three concerts aad an operatic per- formance (<'Dos Paexrnale") in Cincinnati, tw o eoaotrte asd twooperaslaSt.Louis,sndthanest_e tour waa to be extended to Chicago, Detroit, Csvs-Crimean war But the other government*, Sar-dinia included? preferred encountering any would settle the whole question, pacify therisks to errtericg upon n e w territorial arrange- meuta. in which it waa clearly intended thatSouth and promote the commercial a n d manu-facturing interests of the North. If anybody isin a condition of ignorance as to the realresult, so far, of Lincoln's election,the means of enlightenment are closeat hand. So far from pacifying thecountry, Lincoln's election has alreadycaused a political panic at the South anda financialcrisisattheNorth. Hadthequestionof the succession been submitted to the House,the contest would have been confined entirelyto the politicians. Lincoln's defeat would havebeen certain, and in the meantime the countrywould have gone on in the same way as ever, forthesolidinterestsofthenationneversuffer disputeareadjusted.ostensiblyobjects,b u tupon the Congress which she has hitherto sovainly labored to bring about It is a question,W.C.JewetthasJuitarrivedhere,andhaspacedia the possession cf the admlnistratioa Important matters inpaid in to the treasurer of the committee.now reports as follows:—H eTHE oxsBTtJ coji—rrrsa or THE RALI rs HONOE OF THBfi.:.>Cl OF WALES Df AOOOrST WITH TK TSAA8CXEA.aad starvation repcrtel by Hyatt are new to the citizensofKansas. ManymayfinditdiCculttoprocuresub- eastapproach. Thatracklaiddownforthistriptesottour hundred members of thOr.committee$41,0Co~66 12,280 0040,000 0049600611 65$41,0CC65 3y 'nalai.ee brought down in favor of thebearing cf this scheme is one of the least of its objections. It did not occur tc the silly Tunes to ask what thefederal government wouldJ E B O V .Tnasric*. N. J., Nov. 14.1360.baU Tc'alThere off into.87,17$HENRY GRINNELL, BKNJ. H. FIFED,A. T. STEWARC,Theaaamasaoueaade,fromH-<eax,tsstgea-ei, *», a*»i has already . *** tt'tj'mpited OTar the wtnsWaa ft«n»ta * »' Ctesa. Waa. A\_)_,r . B.-tnsico:., Nor. 14,14%~B*tHewOrlHMBr*a«statesthat'aptJ.?wtn% devotedfrteMaad««iv»«wneompastnoinarsaofu* of the minor journals and artists of the the city will be at their disposal, and lateGee. Wm.Walk*r.sav'fA oaIteKbinstaa;i«u«schoonerJohnATaylor,fa'Iruxiiio,-;taa*Wto«%- Ula, tf pnanbie, the r-n«_w <•< Gsa. Walker f*r an te- therinNwn-me.Sailing of ttie JSatopa..tosnuK, NOT.14, U*oLord John Russell's despatch to the British persons who account themselves as enlightened They have just won one election ancT put a wSl antvaapfe Portbea—eea oae e d t-n a. at a»-the Prince wasnot insulted at Richmond. The 4th of Marsh next the Custom House, tne Beicfcettiewerewtrjplentyyeuterday,batthesueinregardtoNaples.TheprotestsofRus-storywassetonfootbysome attacrJ$ PostOfficeandallthefederalefficeeintiemanyexpressions ofsurprise anddelight withwhichtheaccountsofitwerereceivedby t h e v e r y h i g h e s t p e r s o n a g e s i n t h e r o y a l p a r t y , this conduct on the part of a few bigoted and ignorantscribbler*isimpertinentandabsurd.theCustomHouseorthePostOfficetctendif-ferent greedy grogshop politicians in return teres days, 11,800 betes Storftas 105 a 104CiscurxAi*. Nov* II, 1840.1 Flocr unchanged at 44 76 for •operflae. -Wheat dad and buyers demand a redaottan Whiskey dell at I8>(c, militarypreparationswhichFranceisnowen-causeswhichhaveledtothepanicof13COoftheoh.ectecfhisvisitandwhathepro- MenporkTerydnllat81675a917.Hogsverydan, pcaea to do before be reached here. It is though for good are <-"-red 86 40 a 84 60, for present de- are far deeper and more important than those extremely doubtful, hewever, whether anything will be livery. Mcsev In Unproved demand Sight exc—sagegaged in been undertaken on mere speculativewhich brought about the revulsions of 1317 andis too much absorbed in ho:ae s'a'.n tc tc_ch this sub- vutorem. Should they still continue derelict, arming to dictate terms to both Austria and more disastrous. The future of the republic is, ject cow.\\< have received a letter from Belize, H>ndu- iin, Jjted S«»ptrruber 27, which states that the rcl-Ji w fiver had broken out on board the British slip-c a: team? at Traxilio. Eleven of her men andmo cf her officers had died with it. and a great0L_ny ir.ore were down with the disease, amongthem Captain Salmon. She subsequently sailedfor .'aiuaicA, And on Ler way up was spokeniv the British mail ateamship W ye, and question, concludes b " calling fcr the appro- sufferings nor an interest in the re establish- fanaticism to bring ruin upon the republic.132 A t ' s a u * KUJJJI—•-..The P.ussian Minister waa with the 3ecr5tai7 of statetor some time this mom ng.a 7 7 A 3 3 A T :-ZU\: rXAZ.business men in both sections, and therefore we are on the verge of national ruin. Thebefore the Chamten of Commerce of New Tcrjt, Boston aad Philadelphia, the goverxment were fulry aware1,076 10 tion, which means that the money shall be 12,360 00taken in part out of the pockets of people inthe North, and part out of the pockets of thosein the South, to make up a compensation of12,260 OSAasstAacE 8ccan—ASSTAX Marnsc —IkeJThis is all very well. A fair and square poses, but even that will net entitle him to holdstatement. We have danced; the fiddler hasbeen duly paid. Peter Cooper & Co. haveshownthat iftheywerenotquitean republicanismisevincing,theadditionofafait to matters of ballroom etiquette, and thoh-and free negroes a year to the population were incapable of laying down a secure salta of cur rural districts wculd soon bring about tory platform, they are well acquainted with the passage of a law prohibiting their immigra- the financial aspect of such matters. Now weGOT. Morgan'. Prl-ata Secretary. _L3AXT, NOT. 14,13«0.Geo. Bliss, Jr., has resigned BJ Private Secretary ofFr_tatBsanmi BniEt —Betweencluesadteno'clock last night afireoccorr - in the basement of the bjfidlag No. 76Beeknun Arret, •.-cupied byI. N.F.ermaui asa boarding houm. The £ -a was caused bv Bra. Hermans, in some accidental r_ai.tr. with a ta.d temp. The fiamea were extinguished t>elcre thefirespread beyond the room is which it originated. The damage te the furniture will amount to aU at 96C0. Inscred for 44.500 In the Oo&tlaentai Insurance Compasv. The mnldtsg iasuffer at the polls. Otherwise—well, as theFrench say—that depends. Let us have your mushrooms during the late ftawipatg- being of_ .an assignment. Their liabilities are not stated.Mr. P . O Brigbaoa, of the Cnitad States A r m / J t T « sahlea, of Providence, R. I ; E. B. Btgeiow, jar 1 acdMeaara.AM.HarmonaadP.CT.'Wsat,hathefteaW e don'twantthatSo hurryNorthernnegroes from their limits; and the laws of the ftlave States prohibit emancipated negroes from remaining or returning to them. Even New York State, under black republican rule, thinks a negro requires the addition cf $250 to make him as good 83 a white man for voting pur-Statesalreadyexcludefreeoffice. We incline to believe that in view of the little., love for the negro which blackEighty-three count.es (official) give Lincoln 1&X.0CI;Dcuglas, 84^61; Breciinrtige, 11JK; Bet, 5,003. Ltn- cola'aplurality.2,600,andwillprobablyreach28.:O0. cretary,MimC.Brown Majority ever all f.OCO.fcr the municipal election, which comes off nextmonth; and judging from the results of the No-ArcTSTA, 6a.,Nov. 14,1960.ItIsreportedthatadespatchhasbeenreceiredfrcm 8600or8700,saidtebeInsured, ThefirA>morteoccu-vember election,and studying the aspect of atsomeplace,probablyinMississippi.affairs around us, w e are disposed to think that!•allures la Baltimore.to b e decided at the polls.of an excuse to bring the almighty nigger into the field; the almighty dollar, pure and simple, isthequestion.Now, from allwecansee,and from theresult of the recent election, it seems exceedingly pro- bable that the republicans are going to sweep every effioe under tie charter, and we leanC Vibbard asd wife, of ABaay: IB. WteBter » d mtfe, of Brtdgenort; R. SaHh, ef Waahteatoa,J>. C : a B. French, of rrederteksbarg, aad Col- R- s..Bak», arv stop- ping at the St. Nicholas HaieLThere la not a ghostW. Thoapaa aad wkn, of WatajieA_J.Jp,. f r.ack aad marty, cf Baltimore. E. ?. Gray, of 8W IAWIS; t- G. Smith, of Cuba, ana Menus John A Tardy, jr<> an 1 V. M. Graham, both ef the TaMei Statse A m y , are etc: r'=f atUteMetropolitanHotelEoa.CM.LagetnoUandBoa.W.E F.cae. ->-- HawHaves;D.Oaaaroaasd D.Grf'a.hotfcofGte=f*-a Mrs. Ceator, of Wacxwte: Judge Sairmao. of Hartterc Coan ; E. Read, James G Wtiaan ani w.'4 ac^ " / Bowd, all of New York; T. f .argstrctt:. .cr P6''*i« phia, W. James, of Albanj, * . . C o Ec_i.-,. -'*- tzrv, ar? atoprtej at the Aler-'rie Tcte'thegrogshoppoliticians,whousually electourh o s t i l e t o e a c h o t h e r , a l t h o u g h n e i t h e r o f t h e m is loyal to its own section. We know that in the late election many of the grogshop poli-Tha Ex-oca aatted at etereo o'ek «*< with twaatyauat p a s s e n g e r s A i r L t - e r p o o i a n d e i g h t e a * &* B a l l ' a sP-ttAi^LPinA, Nor. 14,1344 flourquiet;superfine,M37%a$648,%'.Wheatdsli— sales 4,004 bushels at 81 tT a $134 lor red, aad f 1 40 a we expect to Bee a total revolution in the poli- 41 M for white Corn dall—sales 2.000 beshals at 44cFlour steady. Wheat, to lots, at $140afl 44for to find the metropolis, body and bones, in the white Mtahifea, fl SBforrodState, 81 16for Stateaadfalse prophets that the peace of the country hands of the republicans. Then the idols of 6,000 basketedwhite Gsaada afloat, oa prrrate teres could only be preserved by securing the elec- Bye—SalesS^BO beshalsat6Sc CatsBra sates14044 Tammany andMozart will be overthrown in- bushelsatS6K' f-"- *tete. Corncarhanged: sates4640them, making a precious cargo, which may the Gods protectoften. Scott, and will to remain until the qcestioaa inbushels wheat, SI 6C0 btuhetso >rn. 4.980 boshels barley CTJOAGO. NOT 14—4 P. MFicurdullMid10clower. Wheatfirm,btrtlea1.•»> lower salts 6S.0C0 r.nshels, al 82c for Northweatsra dub.70c a 80o for No 1 ai:d 77c a 78c for No 2, all ta atore Cornfirm,sax*18,000busbcte.atRec aZA^i*. ,ta Cats firm, at ITc ReoeliM—6 840 bhta flour, 84 004accomplished ucder tb_ admmlstrat!on Th? PresidentK. JW. Matecaaou, Esq , of Portland, IrelandThe sXcial vote cf New Jersey is now In. The follow-ing persons are elected electors—Wm. Cook, democrat: JoelParker,democrat;TheodoreRunycn,-emtcrat;Jo- Previouslyacknowledged r*p_ C. Bornblower, republican; Ubarles E. Elmer, re-publican; Edward W. Ivies, republican, and Ieaac W.Scudder, republican. The three Douglas democrats are electedlyfrom£,OC0to4,000majority.8Se« £1Q0,OCT Morgan. New York.It is eaii he will resume practice or law inMllledgertUe, stating that Mr. Douglas Is exceedingl- tilpied by the Gotta Percha Roofing Company: some slight daraagewasdcaetotheirpremtembywater. Thebuild- tag is damaged te the extent of about 8' 00 some eottoc battingoathasecondfloor ofthebanding, No. tl.occ pied by W. H Romalne, dealer to brown goods, caugt.BAiratoBr, Nov. 14, 1800.to be developed. T h e city b n o w divided into The money market is Tery tight. There is no discooi*- fire. The property was tbrowa Into the street, asd thaFailure ._ _^_l aEtstner _ Fisher, flour <.:eaters, have failed, and made stopping at tlu Brevotrt HcaM. .Cincinnati. Cmcnnun.NoT. 14, I860.Personal Entclllaance.The Right Rev. tbeLord Bishop or Torocto C. a . . teheary. rVnaayl-aata State 6'. % 94: Bs-tUc- » «_, . M_WO»UU».HBT. I4,ia»Cottea-Sales to day, ..OOO-beles prices **m uav; mim checked by the dimcaHy of pasaicg e-chattt' SvajarCity Intelligence.fl re extagunhed The stock waa damaged about ISC; in- ured. The origin of the Ire te unknown aft prsseak. t is asder lsvesttgatlcn by the Fire marshal.Lnitad States Coast Survey, are atoypptag at tha fifth Aveasa HotelBaltimcre; O. W. Wlloax, of Spt_a4eld, sadj B. fSmae aad wife, ef New York, were among the arrrnate at the Lafarge House yesterday.- CT7wsat,ha4l www.fultonhistory.com 