 wey. PMwi w w x L » w i sees——WW—eQtog the Constitution sad the rights oftheir machinery accordingly, they ware enabled to in- the Teraitories, at Mr. Calhoun and other Southernfluenceitamovements,andtoruleorruintopartyaffairs,menBadcontended,aadthussettlingthegenerally doing the last when they failed to accomplish ever, for all those who propose to abide by t&*0 prudence,industryandfidelity,buttoriseto ^furts'-non ofthegreatprinciplesofconstitutionalI «f ESSafl. w k a T l » g1*'»admitted them to seats; cheating delegations who trotted vutive psrtyof the people had the coastitutjpo, the covin- them; cheating aperybody sad everything with wham they came in contact, except Mr. Douglas, their nominee,to not coooaded, ti aa a mere matter of ever, lhsso € electoral votes,°'»i IMrmjpA snchharmoBioasacttos,thedemocraticpartySBsarran thelobbiesofStateandfederallegislationtopurchaseof John C. and won the highest confidence sad gratitude of the chartered privilege aad immunity by corrupt ap-ftw(tri»w»i«wi«»<w*»«*ii>»***»w»*«*»<»**«l***"*l*****l*****l»**0nation Messrs. Breckinridge and Lane. The remaining fraction, made op chiefly of delegates from republican States, whose delegations were the authors of the great wrong, deprived of their head and without a democratic body, proceeded to nominate Mr. Douglas and Fitzpatrick, as we were informed, amidst tremendous enthusiasm- Vermont and other New England States, and the whole Northwest, were pledged to Mr. Douglas (subject of course to a slight incumbrance, .held by one Abrahamgreat and generous party yield to their impious lemands from time to time, rather than to see their treacherous arms turned against the democratic encampment, while its hosts were engaged to a great periodical battle with ita open enemies. As the great conflict of 1860 approached, it was obvious that New York must be the battle ground over the constitution, and bear a conspicuous part to the mighty struggle, if indeed her potential act did not decide it for good or for evil. In viewdectokm Thefterritoryacquired,toacquired*yth«peoptooftB«TniteJI tates for their common and equal benefit through thaw agent roperty ef a _' eGooatztaaon. T VTerritory is openedto settlement, both eater it with their reapectirewave rights define:and limited by the Constitution. Congress has ahas s o right to prohibit the citizen of any particular State or Stalesi f.rom asakingtheir home tbere, while It permits ettlzena of otiother States todo so. Nor h_as it a right to give privileges to on<e class of citzone which itit refuses to another. The Territorytios aequtred forw.' •'.;!'' iiHWHOLE NO. 8715.Wn&»VmERCHEERS.MORNINGEDmON-THTJBSDAT, iof theJULY 19, 1860. MxnJ- ofsf trasfree-PBJCE TWO CENTS.tototrodaostheprtociptoofBOBintervention aadqwai. Bed popular sovereignty Into Congress for ths govern ment of the Terrttories. When itaa doctrine baa been regarded with disfavor it IwhenithaseewetaBty. Thatto.withthsrightofthepeo ttotate in hamany wiih tha rnravTimka for their I savor was an advocate tor or a believer to, the doctrine of squatter aovweigaty, aad boldLatter, turn FfwMat Buektnu, tee sVaee4 -tlag of the deawcrsts of thisiareinfavoroftheetoetionofBrooktortdgeand m the Pnaldsasy and VMMPresidency of the United ; ia the lower hall of theutoe of the following call — tnoVJUBKBrae.aetug vlthwhilst their infidelity, Itions, is equally glaring la fact? To maintain its doctrinesparty wars shaken. From that day to the present «le-mente theretofore unknown and unheard of to the historyof the party became rifewielded by <political gamb-lers. ' Since than caaenses have been run by contract,principles of the constitution, the catholicy of its conventions have been packed, sad the manage- qualifiedform,proposed,asshownbythespeechwhichfol creeds, for its grand radical analysis and its just aad ment of the party machinery has been assigned to its lowed their introduction, that ths Territorial legietoliontolwmiijIn. Stfiwt and Chirlei rTvior,The democratic party for its steady devotion to theGIN. L Ad tOft Of(Portrait) JOSEPH LANE.portraits with the following mottoes\wfmtmmtmmw1can trace for say man. His scholarship, statesmanship, perfect fidelity to every trust, public sad private—in a warB, sraty ajrosaaaaaaaj of his life sad character, pro- claims him the man for the country and the times. Gen. Lane is no las worthy. (Three cheers for Lane.) BeResolved. That the true constitutional and democrat c doc-trine to, that the Territories being the common property of allthe States, and all citizens being thereb;y joint owners, all havean equal right to settle in them with whatever property theymay legallv-poeseRs: aad, as the rights of property are notderived from Congress but are inherent to the people of theseveral States, therefore Congress cannot intervene for thepurpose of establishing or destroying the right of propertyin the services of negroes or say other description Lincoln) with deafening applause. Some flatboatmen of this, I early determined to countenance no divisions|% fstaW-l^iasWisBlwaP*iwMsBwlcome, New Yoik would have been prostrate, and I and my friends should have been charged with producing it. and good satured credulity abroad would have believedt PCOJWTlTlTflOM.tors take possession of the sssesablail National Convention, a greoAhaohrJ ed-* political trade sales isgurates her slimy andL Instead of a*/ofibsekKfjaBafC. BXBCEIXKIDOBTO THE MNKTTXO. QWaadJWKsa •SBTKBPshunned them aa they would a contact with ths plague, though atfirst,regarding this clique asof the citizensritoricswitbthere besition, rPropoeed,astrictlybelongedtoshejodi.—,,, toleaveittobedecided by the courts, to which he readily assented, rewhen there is a Union to save; Lw*h swongbearteaad brave.First see, then pity, then embrace.Hereafter, when democrats or others abroad fail to un- derstand what they term toe tangled web of New York politics, let them understand that nine-tenths of the "tangled web" and embarrassment to ths democratic party baa arisen from abroad, because this same clique of ••political gamblers," who make politics a business, have been enabled to fasten their fangs upon the party organi-COXFBOVJSB BXtavnas or I860.The compromise mensures of IBM.were based uponAxa msuao rawbenefit, and if open to any, i must be ual and the same terms. Every etttsen haa into the Territory any article ofpprc-theirasari serect-saent hi the deersight ef the polioy which requires a thorough union of all Tspoil with that keen instinct given to all birds of evil omen, and demanded it as their lawful booty. They wars •political gamblers'by trade, and pursued their avoca tion with appropriate and shameless desperation. Ad- ministrations which have known or ought to have known their bleared and blackened htotory, which knew or should have known their occupation, and should havenon-intervention, and it was as 1 Senate, but was, near the close of the i tableintheHouseof1rence between Mr. Calhoun and ;then or at any other time,the bill shooki i ys; nvrasTsv MM qcinav A* poasrsLB, w m i i> Uoa sad the laws, they will elect Breckinridge aad Lane.l a v e thewight to form a constitution with or without slavery,' as the majority may determine."swore they werefiddlingand dancing to every house fortheir rule or ruin policy; I knew it was. loud to its profes- sions of harmony, for foreign consumption, and to gull themasses,andIdeterminedtotakeitatitaword— (cheers)—to discountenance all divisions; to obtain aa fair a selection of delegates to the National Convention as poesirle, and to make a last final experimental effort for union for the sake of the union. Events at Syracuse. whither I went to promote reconciliations and prevent disruptions, gave my voice a potential influence. I ex- erted it to bring all elements into one organization, which should represent the Empire State, and though the effort was censured by some and resisted by others, and criti- cised by mole eyed vision, it was substantially success- ful. I appealed to the masses throughout the State tolaves as property, and tp ledges Bee federal iniuinnissl to protect it and Congress cannot exercise any more authority over property of that description than Itmay conetttuttonally•toe(— kin/ TheactofGem exerciseoverpropertyofanyothergress, therefore, prohibiting a'euiseen of the United State- from taking with him slaves when be removes to the Territory in questiontoresidetoan exeretoeoftauthorityovernrtvate pr•operty w~hich is not warranted by'the Constitut [the removal of the plaintiff, by ato owner to that territory, gave him no title tofreedom.Now, if all had acquiesced in this decision, like good citizens; bad yielded willing and cheerful assent aad obe dience to it as an authentic construction of ths funds mental law, by the* highest tribunal, the question of slavery to the Territories, would have been at rest, and the democratic party would have been on its way reOBacanvassinfrontoftheplatform was thetoscrip-CAUSES Of DHRriTIOS—THE AtnUOBS OF IT. Waiving all questions of the merits or demeriti of Mr. Douglas as a candidate, bis pretensions were pressed upon the Conventtoe, sometimes under the pretence of s platform upon which be could stand with convenience, sometimes in the admission and rejection of delegates bythe pi ocess of machinery and management, and at other times to the direct presentation of his name, beyond all precedence or bounds of courtesy or reason, to a mannerXA A . ym+± of the ptetfbrsB ISM *ti*»t»tm*>»s+4)*9**»+i»—******+****»*&SBSBBWSSWS *»***••»*** +*+***»*>++***—*>#»>?****«*—***t*mm&happy to believe that they will prove themselves to be worthy of the momentous trust. In this view I hail with sincere satisfaction the Mashlishmiml of the National To- lunteers, aad cordially wish teem prosperity and useful oees. May the kind Providence which has watched overoar country from the beginning restore the ancientMBsbsrsof and UnionYours,veryrespectfully,JAMS BUCHANAN.eovnKOft 8TEV¥N8'|p i••XATIOSAI. PWOOATK: Basconvn OOWMUins BOOMS. ) WAsaxsatoa C m , July 17,1MD. iIbaretoexpressmyoMIsartonsforyourkindremembrance ofme.assjmressed•jjourtavfiatiootoaddressthenationalIres***thatmydutiesherewillnotleavemeatlibertyto bewihyouInperson. Tanaresmnsarsltagajsreatsstrtoe for your State and country. The timeTIAS come for patriot* msurely achieve, of sestortng peace and permanent harmony to our country, defending the constitution from all assaults, and transmitting unimpaired the priceless heritage of this Union to our children.to subserve their infamous schemes. They were there charged with high responsibilities by a patriotic and confiding constituency—in a crisis of unusual interest in the history of the party and the country—they, in an evil moment, held in their leprous hands the destinies of s noble party and of this great country—they professed tpsuch falsehood. I could have joined others, and have miniatered to the just but profitless revenges of true andevtryfavorablestandjagpointwas- SssBB^fSSSi "S*j"* ivsnaa* A A * ^ «si wsn**^** *^Institute, Baltimore, on the 23d of June tostMr. Russell'svoicewasnotequaltothetask,aadthere were many good humored shouts of " Louder," " Get a bora,""Wecanreadthemtoprintto-morrow,"he.,at:.The lattersuggestioncommendeditself tothe sense of the managers, and so the further reading of the resolu- tionswasdispensedwith,sadtheywereadoptedon faith.The HOB.DA.NL.&DKxmsos wasthen introducedto themeeting,andasbepresentedhiasmiling,venerable countenan.e to the audience, he received a perfect ora-the unity, and harmony, and success of the democracy. (Cheers.) Theyproclaimed,personallyandthroughtheir accredited organs, that in their view the Southern States wereentitledtonameacandidUe,anddeclaredthatit would be theirfirstpolicytosecondsuchsuggestionsaa weremadeinthatquarter,andsupportsuchcandidatess should be named by, or be most acceptable to, the South; sndwithsuchprofessionsandfalsepretencesontheir lips,theywenttoCharleston.Butfromthemomentthey enteredtheConventionatCharleston,untilitwsstbuuly brokenupbytheirbassconductandworsefaithatBaltiexpedition to attain , to minister to far-fetched individual hopes; but < of these would have left New Yorkpowerlessforgood^and oldline democrata seem- ingly responsible, and Idetermined to give those who badpowertoruleorruin,andadeterminationsuited tothe occasion, undisputed power to rule,after asso- ciating with them all the good influence I could com- mand. Theyprofessedtodesireharmony,unityand conciliation. Iproposedtotakethemattheirword, without saying how much or bow little faith I had in their professions. Isaw theywouldhave the power. I determined they should have, so«J*Hart,JohnJ.Cisco,Cap*. the Street DepartmeatA- Westervelt, Stepbea P. PhilipW.Engs,GeorgeVarian,Georgetbouidor to Aoulder in adroeacy and defence of our cheering most enthusiastically for several moments. B e •r-rajrtrB^^ h*£2.waspresentedbytheChairmanssths"favoritesonof New Y ork," A stentorian voice thereupon finished the sentence by shouting, "And of the Union too." (Chows.)SPEECHOVDANIELS.DICKINSON. Afterthespptonsehadsubsided,Mr.Dtcamsoitproveryactwastoopposethewishesandresisteach,any, and every candidate who would be acceptable to theState theywouldmeritandreceivetoecoasmea- datitn of all good democrata, aad that the party would be compensated ia the results which would follow. I knewifbytreacherousschemesandgamblingresorts theybetrayedtheirtrust,andrepeatedthecheatsabroadcelebratedrampaigadebatewithMr.Lincoln,previousto the Dred Scott decision, in saswar to certain uasatknn proposed by Mr. IJaotdo, Mr. Dougas asswrrad ss foiThe next question propounded to m e by Mr. the people ot a Tenitory, In any lawful m wishesoitheCwtedStates,excludeslavery frow prior to the formation of a State ooneutnttonJ nhetlrsHy.asMr.Lincolnhasheardme timesfromeverystumpin Mtoao. thatho. saeaoalfalrhour fathersfought,amiwhichtheybe- ceededtoaddressthemeeting. Hesaid—,inthemost whichtheypracticedathome,theywouldexposetotheforlJrjughm^tht-*&s3SEga&J*^DBAGOOSB.—6m. i We mast organise for that purpose, thoroughly and per- \ fectly,ineverypartoftheStateandnation,thatwe map present to the people the nominations of faithful and truemen, worthy oftheir confidence andsupport,forevincedbythewritingsandspeechesofitsleaders,isdirectly Douglasstrengthisestimatedtothesameway. or indirectly to destroy the esses*tic tnsUtutioss of the Sou u,sud to place the fourmillionsofnegroesnowinthiscountry,upon a legal and political equality with the whites, lending toQt>tM*mmt>*tnt0mgmttwMB*owns*MHWHW*—swwwaeew*Qinst.bytheNationalVolunteersofNewYork. Inthese » you are pleased to say that the speech delivered by me on t»+*4»t>t*—*—»*H* WHWIWWIWltWMIWW* W W — M W I N .«4 the.night of the 9th inst., when serenaded by the ratifica-the portraits of Breekenrwige sod Lane bong a iwith thistoacrrpttan—countrytheformsanderrorsofmonarchicalinstitutions,by creating artiflctol castes and classes In the place of those broad, palpable and natural distinctions which the Creator has stamped upon the human family.wsswellknowntheywouldnotacquiesceinhianomina- innomination. Butasingledelegatedrepresentationwas accomplicestomischief,openlydenounceditsaddefiedit tion, that they would not support him if nominated, and recognized at Charleston, and if that delegation had dis- as it is wont to do all legal obstacles to the coosummatioi. that he could not be elected without their votes; pressed, charged, nay, if it bad not grossly violated ita of its owa distempered idea—demagogism infittedI taeif—aajtrjum or szaxtofore been true, now to truckle, for the sake of supposed popularity, to the imperious demands of anti-slaverytom, are causes for serions and profound alarm, and should startle each citisen of the Empire State, which has so much at stake ia this Union, and cause him, without regard to old party associations. to buckle on the armor of truth, and go forth with the shield of the constitution and join the reorganized, indomitable and un-intended, to break up the Convention or force it into obe- the Union for the democratic nominees. When and all these combined together, Bought to deny to the dience to the behests of a combination. (Cheers.) The the Syracuse Convention *of 1869 approached I citizens of the slave States the benefits of the decision. authors of this outrage, whom we should hold accounta- could have remain* d at home and permitted a division, either in theory or practice. (Cheers.) I repeat, the which I saw wss almost certain; the division would haveBreckmriete {the grandfather of oar^^ww^Wnnsnsejswna»*l i ^ W Jnee) mtrodueed "renolu-regularity with- fromfor all time to of our If,therefore,the m , falls short of,of the constitution by any miaint«rpr»titicn or oversight, It is only iniroasaii forblinks the main tosae, s a d seeks to ride into power upon a dogma which impliedly .-oncedes to abolitionism the vital ele- ment of its political power, to wit: that negro slavery Is unjust,at Charleston to April last. There was never a time when such confidence was'more wickedly, wantonly and shame- fully betrsyed—when reasonable expectations were soceived a taste of official favor, aad were willing to barter principles for place, and the acquiescenae of good natured weakness, the foul scheme was ccwummated-todividuus to know it to correct it. <itotofldehtyto the ~ oppose the blackIt is upon this vital principletines'hosUltt**^*"**fltm<Btt whicb«°"monlWW**,)"* madlyblastedasintheresultsproducedbyitsaction.aleobtainedplacesadthsmoralfoundationsofthsittobeanoutaadoutabsurdity.ForitmakesthetowsHis frtowta'stay deny this construction, but to m y mind It isUr sovereignty doctrine is in its bearing on the slave question. No one cares a fig about it except in this single connection. In ^ i * ! 0 * ? b * u % " * ^«edadtiedahstiwctton. unworthy of amoment'sattentionandIncapableofattractingitevery elective office to every district. *The following letters were received from PresidentBuchanan and the Bon. Isaac D. Stevens, of WashingtonTerritory, Chairman of the Democratic National Commit- tee:—THE PMSIMtNT'8 LETTER. WAmoGtOK, July 17,1860a mature of races and consequent social equality, by which ihev would reduce our glorious country to the condition of Mexico and Central America, where ruin, degradation, decay and death have followed this experiment, and they would thus, under the pretence of freedom for the negro, render freedom for white men impossible.Resolved, That we reject this debasing doctrine as abhor- rent to natural instincts and right reason—as insulting to the laboring masses, whom it is thus determined to degrade frommen are eaBsd upon as stand ap as an Isthmus moree*p«»«avllj»x.ibothe totaceeSHBorand unelyhidsfenoeofthe eoua«7of thesovereignSUM•ofoureonfederaej-.sim-pserstoe constitutionalBreck-nrwbto**.smmeMI must, a s s party. — .Hon of negro slavery there Is .very there •onfavorable action byThe defection of aunder cover of advocGeneral Cass in 1848,moeraticpartyinthewere yet standing, or professing to stand, on principles or doctrines in direct antaeytotoai to each other, there wsr those whoadvoaUedacoahtionofaectiona.andadivision of spoils, for ths purpose of securing oajtaasah sad o •' beating the whigs.'r Regarding it as rnxat^hamefully demoralizing, I resisted it with all the force I could sum- mon, and all ths arguments I could command; but thecheers, s a d Mr. Augustus Shell's with mingled cheers and are triumphantly regular. They stand immovably upon hisses. There w a s otuch good humor mani rested b y t h e(cheers)the unbounded precedents and principles of the constitu- tional democratic party, and have ever stood there, and their nomination Is regular if accepted and ratified by the masses of the national democratic party. This conflrma- tioa Breckinridge and Lane are receiving daily,and will continue to receive it throughout the length and breadth of the land. They are already con- firmed in the hearts of the masses of (he conserva- tive democracy of the Union. Any other pretend-,edratificationiasimplyconventionaldictation—there- * gator ity of demagogueism—packed primarily, aad packed ultimately. It is anti-democratic, abusive of our rights,and not longer to be submitted to by freemen. (Cheers.) That the Convention which was formed by the withdraw- ing delegates from the Douglas Convention, grew out ofthe necessity of the ease. The delegatesfromthe demo- cratic States, and several from other States, driven from that Convention by its factious and anti-democratic pro- ceedings, claim regularity, because their new Convention was national ia principle and democratic laUpon the spur of the moment more than twentywere represented by fall or partial delegations, and Hon. C. Cashing, who had abandoned the chair of the Douglasto preside over the deliberations of Convention. Some delegations their constituents—they oted upon their earn con- B the well settled policyI have already said,Being once familiar with its face,S? the musei satire desaocracy of the country. of Breckinridge s a d Lane were a fere, •ajjaaaj democratic pisiform, h> gishUIivary" settled judicially—and are sustained by right n. They rest upon the rook of the constitution— simJar portrait of Lane, in- they will preserve use Union." They are regular, andDeited States of etttosos with thesir piroperty, as recognised bythe federalconstituti<>nandtheSupremeCourtof theCrntted theConvention,asitshouldhavedone,andaseverysen- States; sadthatwealsodenysaiddenouncetheassumptionof sible mind aawitwould do,and I commendwith my the advocates of ''squatter sovereignty that, ihough eachcitisen mav have the right to go to the Territories with his pro- whole heart ths spirit, and approve the conduct of the perty, yet that the Territorial governments organized under President, General Cashing, who refused longer to preside the acts of Congress have the power of such intervention, as over the tyrannous cabal and of the delegations who, un- equallyuntenableandunconstitutional,andthatitinvolvesthe derthesamePresident,reorganizedandplacedtonomi- contradiction that citizens may have rights, which rights, bythe action of Congress or its agents, may be impaired or de-stroyed._ of a Scott decision by theuusjsmi uos,of property,butthat itIsits bounden duty,\whenneceseseary,,to protest the rights and privileges of ail ctt'usrus. with•out par-tiHflty, during tn'e Territorial condition, and "that when thenumber of the inhabitants of any Territory justifies it, the each half hour passed the house again, and the boatmen people thereof, in the language of the Cincinnati platform,then-equal and open to all, upona right to take withtax*is a self made man, honest sad capable. Most of his life has been devoted to the public service, ia the Legisla- ture of Indiana, the camps- of Mexico, the Territorial go- vernment of Oregon, the delegate in Congress for that Territory, aadfinallyUnited States Senator for the State. Ha public record is a long one, free from stain and fault- leas. His character is highly and justly appreciated. If the people of the country mean to maintain the const it idescending theMississippi,inratherajollymood,passed a house on the shore where they werefiddlingand danc- ing on the piazza—the boat fell into an eddy and oaaa inin the ranks, for any purposes under any circumstances. I knew that divisions, no matter how arising, would produce certain and inevitable defeat. I knew that thisweconfirmthem. (Cheers.) OfMr.Breckinridgeitbe- comes us to say His ancestry is of as pure blood and as loyal to the country aad Ma constitution as her historythefirst.Thustheybecameformidable,aadthusdida tionsndlaws. las ofthai to*.-Siup to destroy harmonytodtoosfonsadtodtoastersIt a simply beeaaM the falsenegro slavery is wtcked and unrefutedto array State agatostState, setegatost man, brother sgatost brother—to ktodry relations sad light np thefiresof end strife, to end in battles ofcagers threwewerboard its greatha Bad too plainly principles, bopbf thereby to conceal Its eardencies, its tme theories are belched by theths Cheevers, and are reduced to plasties by its Browns. (Cheers and htoees.) It disturbs and embitters the social relations—it severs the holy ties of religious brotherhood—It breaks ths hoods of s common political faith—it biota sot ths great memories of ths revolution- it destroys commercial Interests sod ths interchanges offr«a trade—it degrades us as a nation|before|the envious monarchs of earth, and deprives ns of our inherent power tovindicateourrights. Itsowsbroadcastthsterrible seeds of domestic strife sad passion, that ths people may reap ia da* season s harvest of ashes aad desola tion.nra DEuoaurjc BAXXBUL cojivsjuua—rrsuc sxracxi iw».Bewtotl strength?of SB permeiO'ia s object can bethereto hot ' amlthsttobythis^rar^_So£^±L^h Oed eSssaxrebets oV SSrAle.'and blackaaity. Ittofos Is prejudice anda hundred milea on the shore of the river—while they Resolved, Thattherealaimoftherepublicanparty,as badbeenrevolvingtoaneddyandhadseenbutone. Thenra m _t<AQim*.»«w«rw<*<w<«wwww<w«w»*»»»<»w«w»«f<wjOjtnd oa either side were ahaihtf stripes with theseJin-t***+t*f*»r—4*****—** **+0»4M*++*—********+»+*++BaU-SpitttershaUnotSplittheUnion."0* -eOIsaacLawrence,Esq.,theresolutionsadoptedonthe12thtywithaninferiorrace—andasanattempttoengraftuponthisnearlyonehalfoftheStatesoftheconfederacy,whenitelectingthemostimportantportionoftheticketplacedevadeit.Rampantabolitionism,moremanlythanitaGavnaasm—Ihavereceived,throughthekindnessof theproudpositionofAmericancitizenstoanunnaturalequali- andtoaspiritandwithafeelingwhichspokedefiancetopopularaddresses,andthedemocracyrespondedby joicing.But,everykindofmeanswasresortedtotoThisthe mtaopoavthatin iheinstttd- ever which calls for As right of the whitesirsgftpamwaaamwsf ear rspnjbpe; if it be trasTTSe black rfpnMtrsa itrnlrtostos trrasnnsWosai aasSiwllia fsTlsTj-l^^fr^Si^.^fnrS^^n^JfM!dJ?tkJ» Bw,*¥ n solutions of IseO, and u> the report of the Committee on Beso-lutiommadetoourNalkmal CoavwoMsn at Chsrieskm, be iBMuptothtopoint. Ihey meet the edgency beuood by all honest add senable men on either side.I am at favor of Breekmridge and base, because theysa. H e confiding expectation than when it Was shout to assemble me, and under the ministrations of some who had reto the services r^c^or'htoa, in every moral U Ui.propostuonbenottrue,«ohmestmsnoughttodeThere was never a moment la ths history of the demo-cratic party, or a time when the masses of the peoplelookedtothesittingefanationalconventionwithmore necessitiesofoffice-seekingpatriotamweretoostrongforIts proceedings l a d no parallel in disgrace and degrada- tion line* the empire of the. New World was sold at sue tion for money.of a Territorial I^gtototor* to override the eoastitatioa of the United States. The resolutions which I rntrodaeed in lW.rjropostognon-tatai iwUsatothsTwiltertosaadaag- getting the principle of popular sovereignty, in sties with its poOtkal adversaries; hot, in i L end, it has foaodvtrtoeinthemassesequaltotheemergency.pubhshedmBarjxr'iMopaane,wa&hissubsequentreplytoloftyconservatism,hadwontheconfidenceofthemassesthiefandassistantengineers,withasmuchprecisionaadshouldkeeptoviewsuchconstructionaashouldbegivenfetany man who doubts this read Mr. Douglas' argument a s• may bo difficult, sad, Judge Black in defence ofUiat article. Slavery Is the staple and wrong unwilling admirationfrom its hereditary oppo- regard to miautlse, as ths running of railroad trains. to the constitution by the Supreme Court, andtofBusteinbat we believe too people of h a whole argument The phrases and postulates o f i h eupon the subject, abstraction, which it maybeenattemptedtobeengrafteduponthe mSSbJgsS aTa^AXSonit H^tformTnT. -purposes. BatIhaveendeavoredto keepabolittoniamalive,asapowerintheState,forfuturenents, and all good men looked to it in this, the evil day of When a corps of hands were wanted to falsify domestic harmony with and to declaratory obedience to it. Theyhistory at Washington, and calumniate faithful democrata and honest men, they were in motion with all the alacrity of police detectives who start to arrest sad punish, notcannot be regular, in the line of prefer- ocratie party, whose doctiiaes violate of the Supreme Oourt.be he nominated by what faction be may. It wore better to dissolve the-raticpartythanforittoelecta Presidentwhous to be directly at issue with the highest authority to the law—that authority betas; sa supreme, inits sphere, as is Congress ia its lawful legislation and the executive la the snfonj—sat of the laws. (Cheers ) We then, for ourselves and for all the membersofthe democratic family who concur with us. meet solemnlyagainst t i e nosnbmtteaa of Mr. Doaglas and Mr. i, as neither democratic or national. (Cheers ) To be regular, the caarltdatw must Da eligible by the rales we have laid down. TnThis respect otfi* nomineesmischief. The platform of Breekinridge and Lane assails the hydra In front, and aims to slay it outrightWhilst I am thus with you in sentiment, and to the enent ofm y htttt»w«,Powers am ready to aid in your object I cannot£*"rT«o*raterrse.whoareopposedttotheelectionofLUincoln. Umcurnng with that eminent and patriotic citizen of Pennsyl- vania, «Tiilam B. Reed. I believe that there are three can dklates for the Presidency preferable .to the one-waom every abolitionist or anti slavery agitator in the land supports."CH. O'OOXOB. After the totters Mr. Green read thelist of Vice-presi- denuof the meeting. The names of Charles O'Conor, Jamas T. Brady, and John A. Diz were received withtheBeneficentBeingwoo hasvouchsafedtoas,saapeo- ple, so many blessings. The whisper of beauty is hushed in the galleries—the aged bow their gray hairs to sympa- thetic and deep devotion—levity la humbled in silence, andevenlurkingfraudisabaahadandpowersforshiding place. But the prayer to ovar, aad ahsad of conspira-thereadrillsergeant andafileofmen,toserveInemer- upon tbefcommitteechargedwith a gencies. When an office wss vacant or a job of deple- Clayton Compromise. I proposed, and 1 tingthetreasurywastothamarket,theysnuffedupthe ed,tha*thebiDabouMbeSained!our coantry, for deliverence and safety. Its conventionassembled at Charleston and organised for business. Aholy man arrayed ia the robes of his sacred office, withrsisedhandsandferventsupplication,invokesthefavoro perpetratajxand. Inabort,theyusuallykeepstationed (Cheers.) In1848Mr.Calhoun,myatChief Magistrate of thistheboard ofa public p*TM,proceedings bear evidence of _.rishsd design, of a combination aadminorities against them, and leavefor them, and thus attain by fraud or force a particularresult, regardless of popular sentiment or of consequenceswhich might follow. The ruling faction had snuffed npthe scent of four hundred millions of spoil, and for themthe administration or Douglas was expected to rain milkand honey, snow powdered sugar, and hail Moffat's Vege-table Life Pills. (Laughter.) Under nearly two weeks ofthis application of the forcing process the Conventionproved unequal to the emergency, and paused forhealth—a portion of the delegations withdrew, and theresidueadjournedtoBaltimoreforaperiodofsome zationsathome,frombeingrecognizedandclothedwith thehonortostatemypositiontherehiaspeechuponthe six weeks, for ventilation. The public had reason tohope, that separated from the influences which surrounded them, and no longer breathing the contagionsthey engendered, but inhaling a healthy moral atmosphere, they might return and discharge the duty whichthey had undertaken. But abstinence only edged theirappetites, and their last state was worse than ths first.audience at the difficulty which Mr. Green labored under ia making oat the names; sad, finally, be was induced to skip over nine tenths of them, and retired amid much laughter .Mr . SOLOMOS t h e n r e a d t h e l i s t o f S e c r e t a r i e s .The nominations were ratified as a matter of course. Mr. Srsraxs P. Rrsnix proceeded to read the followingresolutions, as the expression of the sentiments of ths meeting:—Whereas, it has been necessary mors than once In ourhistory to pause and solemnly assert the true character of thisgovernment aa a republic of confederated 8»ates: and whereas,the democratic party organization has been perverted, and anattempt made by unscrupulous men to make use of its ancientprestige to endorse an unconstitutional and anti democraticdoctrine; aad whereas, it Is the duty of every citisen to adherewith strict fidelity to the obligations imposed by the constitu- (A voice—"That's so."') The same drilled, packed, ma- their ordinary pursuits and looking to popular senti the laws of nature or the laws of man: and. for all ths pui tion as the only hope of preserving this Union; and whereas, chine majority, met again, composed of delegates from poses of the present action, I will nottoqWre what they are the equality of each ehtoen is exprnssto guaranteed to that In- ment to direct political affairs. This cliiueand ita ac- in either respect I will stand upon the true principles of eonstrumentwhich,tothewordsoftheimmortalJackson,"pro aportionofStates,sadassumedtosittojudgmentupon complicesandsympathizersprofessedfreesoildoc-Intervention, to the broadest possible sense for noo-intervea lion's sake, to uphold the fundamental principles of freedom. and for no other reason, and will leave the people of the Ter rttofieeandof the mates to such rights and tn+vtages as are theirs aader the aonstkiaiisi and lavs of the Onwed state* without addttiou to, or diminution from, such rights by the action of Congress.Thstocto all and grants favors to none—dispensta* its blessings Use the dews of heaven;" and whereas, in order to preserve thisttatoa It recently became necessary to reassert in con- vention the glorious principles upon which it w a s founded, therefore.Resolved, That this meeting cordUlly approve the platform of principles adopted by theBational T)emocratlc Conventionthe rights of regular delegates from another portion—to punish them fbt some nonconformity to the majority standard or other delinquency—in short, to deny to sove- reign democratic States the right to return to their seats at Baltimore, basanas they did not occupy them for the whole period of the protracted sitting at OisThatm a question belonging entirely to the constituency of these delegations atoone, and with which the National Conven- UoaTatd a s baBtoess whatsosvsr . And not only were these delegations expelled under such pretensions, bat bogus delegations, made op to suit the convenience and necessity of the occasion, ware put to their places. (Hisses and cheers.) A decision so abhorrent to every principle of common fairness—so replete with outrage and usurpation divided, dismembered and broke uptrines until they were universally repudiated and con-demned by the democratic party everywhere, andthen, without the least inconvenience, professed thedoctrines of toe ' democratic party with equalzeal, and probably about equal sincerity. Though Iopposed their recognition as democrats by toe party solong, as they refused to stand upon ita platform, yet they^^SE&XSXto«Jatw»6f-J&^upon thiajieclaration of principles, with a sincere- and heartyBeaulved, That w e deny and denounce the doctrine of the republican party , thai Congress has the power and right toin- vent the emigration to the Territories of Ltheallegiance again to ita principles. Tiany' oFbie^ow'freesott wing have proved to be among the most reliable aadfaithful members of the party. But I have looked uponall the movernearto of the particular clique of whom Ispeak with distrust and would gladly have seen them per-form quarantine before landing. But they had sapped andminedthefoundationofthedemocraticedificesolong pronouncedafterunui that they knew its weak points, and having perfectedResolved, That the growing strength, unconstitutional de- too, In a tone and temper, and with a dogged and obsti- duty, the State of New York to this great fanaticism foamed, and trimming cowardice shrunk mands, and the tendency of leading politicians who have here- nate persistence which was well calculated, if it was not contest would have been the surest State to around it and insisted that the question wss not decided,tion meeting of. the friends of Breckinridge and Lane iathis city, is so clear, paternal and statesmanlike a remon-strance against the spirit of disunion, "that your associa-tion accept it as an expression of your own views." Forthat token of your kindaess, as well as for the expressionof your personal regards and individual esteem and re-spect, I feel deeply grateful. I am one of the last survi-vors of a race of men who ia their day were the faithfulsasrilams of the constitution sod the Union, This sacred conquerable democracy which, under the leadership of Breck- sad corruptly used it for the disruption of the democraticwith this duty baa BOW descended to a new generation, sad I am inridge and Lane, has undertaken the mission, which Swill party to endeavoring to force it up to a fixed point the asseverations of those whose vocation it is to verify>be sober second thought of the Amerleenpeople m ple under heaven but ourselves, and exceeeding in inter- especial adherents had just aided toe republicans in theeren now worktag ooToor diOiyerance from pre- estsad importanceanythingknowninthehistoryof M. We are stsndmg _nrmiy ia the ad- goversmentsamongstmen,civiltiedorsavage.electionofaSpeakeraadClerkoftheHouseofRepre- sentatives,twoofthemost influential and commanding portions in the government. (Cheers.) Those who ruled, and dictated to, sad wielded the vote of the New York delegation, through the fraudulent process of a unit vote— a rule forced upon a large minority of this delegation to stifle their sentiments, while small minorities were re- leased from it to others to suit ths purposes of the con spiratore—willhereafter be known bythenameplainlyths responsibility with it, aid they had both. Tha Mr. Lincolnkne»anulhadpower they might have exercised so as to have gives life, ^*ail over the Stata*in"lS*! it healthandjoy,aadunquestionedsuccesstotoedemo-Ihasnoexcuseforpretendingtobetodoubtssof froth. A good ProTldence will not fall«MUyWidirect»Trwth,|*Wf^'*Ig*tt^ljy*^*Ibidyoutoodehe«r . LsTotnot be dis BV for the conaotuuoo of corIBSDSJfOCRATlCrAETV. ,Upon preceding similar occasions generally, it has been. on thai question.After the Dred Scott decision had been pronounced andP Iai*" ^^y^^^^SSBS^^^^S^^^^ " ^-»••-onslavery. Its relations to the Territories and todued and fertilized new territories—we civilized, educatedforaiinwhichthisperpetuallyrecurringsubjectIshere ekmed as an element of *rir>. The controversy in all its pnettoilbeartBgs, Is merely this; How to negro slavery to bem m l , pottucai, legal sad.andmarlytrebledtienumberoffreesovereignStates.(Cheers.1 C^rartaa^owlaf, innnopoliiiitg, unconstitutiocacracyfledfromsuchcontaminatingapproaches? Rome, whose proud hangar once waved triumphant over s con- quered world, degenerated hi the pursuit of sensual de-democratic pnrty forever, Soi totally abhorred as theyasto asserted by Mr. Douglas, the natolintHw and thethe got d fortune of that great party to which you and I belong (cheers), of that party which has swayed the destiniesof the country and shaped its policy from the days ofJefferson to the present moment, to staid natted ia prin-cipleandpurpose,andmovement,likeaRomanCohortinthe best period of the mistress of tae world. Witt branded upon their guilty foreheads at Charleston—'•po- sash•arpassa,sankprtooMaas.guuhaaMsd•statu,aaj liticalgamblers"—ascreatureswhohangfesteringuponcratic party of the State and nation. But they Jchoee toexercise it to an tpposite direction, and now let thempreparefortherespoaeibility whichtheycannotescape.They have, that they might advance the selfish purposesOfacorrupt clique,with malic* aforethought,wickedlyandwantonlycommittedthecftme—letthemstandnpin thetoKfulmeaastototroSuceorexcludettastheyplease,for ths world s-pillory snd suBsrlhe penalty due to falsehood. that slavery as nasi extol a day or an" treachery,ingratitudeandbaseness. (Cheers.) When1 tosupportedby*only b e Ike total UspwaaureTM threw my whole soul into aa effort to unite the demo- ire o f .Ible, and who are justly and directly chargeable with it, were the ruling majority of the New York delegation. They held the balance of power, and madly and selfishlySouth were satisfied with non-intervention, awaiting in good faith the decision of ths oourts before this adjadica tion; aincs the decision, they would hare bean satisfied with non intervention, aad ths acknowledgment, aad practical execution of it according to its fair sad equita- ble spirit.m oBJionox or n x s o t m to a x BOOSLSS.The South did not object to Mr. Douglas because of hisprinciples of non intervention—nor because oT his doc trints of qualified popular sovereignty in the Territwies as is so orten and so pompously alleged, bat their oppo sition to him arises, to aay nothing of his unfortunate coo troreray with tha admmtotrstton, from his advocacy of whattheyregardasamostrank and mhxhkvousjerror the squatter sovereignty horary; contending, as he does aswehavealreadyseen,thatnotwithstanding thadec; sionoftheSupremeCourttotheDredScottcase, holding that all citistas with their property are to be saaplttad thereoaequalterms,stavepropertyincluded,aforrito rialLegislatureamy,byitsenactedlaw,exatadaslave propertyfromtheTerritory—thusvirtuallyinvestings TerritorialLegislaturewithpowertoannulUttsBfWVBMou of the constitution as construed by the highest Iribuiu: known to the low. These are ths articles of creed proknew that if they fairly and faithfully represented the posed hy Mr. Dougtos. to which the South object latheResolved, That it be recommended to the democracy of theState of New York to organize to their several districts for thesupport of John C. Breckinridge for President sad JosephLane for Vice President on thebastoof the platform adopted be governed by honorable considerations and to desire (Cheers.) I could have i tided others to some Quixotic by the National Democratic Convention, held at the Marylandmore—conduct which secured them the designation offoUowtng- aB portions of an extended confederacyto standtogether tion of applause, the whole audience standing op sad politicalgamblersuponthefloorof.theConvention,their far aa I could control it. the responsibilityalso. Iwith- teatous as a heritagemore priceless than rubies.MB.Passmanxm av Pmxow Cmsmrs—Ever floating time hasbroughtusupon another period prescribed by theconstitutionfortheelectionofChiefMagistrateoftb> great[confederacy—apopularstruggleknownto no peo-,theycould wasatopenworld their ownperfidious naturesanddestroythemselves forever, aad defeat their further power for mis- chiefathomeaadabroad;aadthatthedemocraticpartyofNewYorkcouldaflbrd unbounded compensationforaconsummation so devoutly to be wished. In short, I saw people of a Territory can. by lawful saei thejwouldhavethepower. Imeanttheyshouldhave FromtheirIIspatriotic aad independent. They require of menand out uponthe repudiatedupon whom theybey confer public trusts to exercise not simplySouthern Statesi, aad their eve ofseason,byuni*guh.t«aaid»b,y»*,-_. SouthernStatesacandidatewhosecreed aadcondemned;acandidatethey solemnformandwithrepeateda notandwouldnotsupport;acandi warwiththedemocraticadministration,whobadbuta single supporter fa the democratic Senate, andwhose•we-Presf-K will not be to my toiling masses—it bore aloft oa its banaer the sacred pliances; who thrive in its" fatid atmosphere. cratic party of this fctate. I determined if it was finally people are Banana to slavery, they wBlelset rentej appointed to be beiu word equality—it plucked hoary headed prrrilege by theevening, at the Cooper Institute. beard, aad arraigned error and pretension before the open offal; office brokers, who crawl and cringeHoweverdeeplyhIstobedeploredthatrivalplatformsand greattribunalofthepeople—itwasradicaltotherefor aroundthefootstepsof power,andbyfalse pre-rival candkiaie* are presented to the democratic party, threat matton of abuses it was conservative to the preserva- tences procure themselves or vile tools placesiitstuvnaUianddeliver*over«*aneauyprey tionofallthatexperiencebadapproved—theconstitution of official trust sad emolument, that they mayanefforttounitethepartywithsuchmaterialiait Haass,nomatterwhattiedecandnofthe•isnrnnu That effort at union would nave been crowned with com- Court ma* be on that abstract question, still the right ef the peopletomakeaslaveTerritoryotafreeTerritorytoperfectof t imams, yet, mmh being unhappily the j we pbSorma. Uke every politicalt tknes, derives s l f Os sicaMoanee from the sub-earn their bread. (Loud cheers, and a voice, -'Go it, old .oversbtg them Is merely incidental; it is merely and absorbed their barbarous or semi-barbarous races, man.") Oh, how has the once noble spirit of the demo-plete succers bat for them, far the ranks of the party and complete under the Nebraska bill. I haps Mr. LtocUi had closed up, and the mimes hailed a deliverance from deems my answer atonfsetary on that pototwas Its pillar and its cloud, and progress was it* watch- pack and control caucuses and conventions at the ex- word. (Loud cheers.) Under its benign policy our bor- pense of the people they defraud and betray, whileinternal division and strife, as a proud day to their If it be true, that the Territorial LegtohUure can. by an country's history. Btt, they have torn open again itswounds to subserve theur own selfish schemes, aad now act, exclude ths citizen of a fesmwlbhsara States, with histlet division be the order of the day until these faithless slave property, from aB safersnails of, sad pnrticipa ''politicalgamblers'*aredrivenwithoutthspaleofths tiontothecommonterritorialpropertyofall.thsState*ft .;ders extended from ths Atlantic to ths Pacific—we sub-honest men are engaged in their industrial avocations toand swell to obese proportions, lite vulturesuvt_s to that body who will, btvy onfriendly ' eftbotua: unsuccessful, because of the bad conduct of this trading ly prevent ihbe Introduction aotf it ! If, on to*combination, that 1 would never again make is, they are for It theto legislation will favor hsextenfederal banks aad protective tariffs, those devices o lightsto a band of tiddlers and dancers, and the demo- are, thatwe shallsooner attainsuccess withoutthanwith deciaiOBSoftoeSupreme Court, aad thecraftfaad fraud, that they might substot upon thsfrailsof cratic party of New York, founded to the spirt of Jeffer- thrm, and we have proved now, to the satisfaction of all. and property thereare the playthings ofaothers labor, have, alter years of conflijt with the demo son, and emulation;, for many years, the noble efforts of a how vain the attempt for a party to repose upon such rot tot are, to be pet up and down—to be given orcracy, finally been driven from the field sad extermi Jackson aad a Tompkins, has, H the hands of "political ten foundations, and hereafter their power will not be at pleasure. (Cheers.) Par'these doctrines ths Boatheri. noted, sad the only great work left them to the present gamblers," been degraded bw^fractices which would dis- courted, nor their neaeasSities. rewarded by desaocrati; States refused to sccept Mr. Itougiae as a candidate, and era* la to vindicate ths supremacy of the coostitu honor the retorts of a Psten Fan* in cast off clothing; s&utoistratktns. No, I shall hereafter make no effort! who, had be beten wish sad of those, weald have done that and the equality of the States. j«a pre cheating the sentiment of* the people of the State and for union where they are to be recognized, but war opo otherwise. B»att whether tlm Soothers States were reasonfeat administration by a wise and wreseeing policy wss quietly advancing the- democracy was in the zenith of its triumphs. (Cheers) If to-day that great.oonser-cneating a gr^at and confiding party, whose prin- any faction under their reacherous rule, and cothinable cr capricious ia the Mr. Dougtos, Ihey had! ter mature ooBsJdefUiioi coiiBtry aad was « some pro-exeptivoaad Jtoriaaors. so fares thatera Banes, and to this sjasst dtonsaaabwd sad thaw adjourned Charleston. aadfinallydivided aad hi •ore. It was of all others sa oa drvduaj preferences abewid save- es -S^BTBSBB^to^el^p r c 3 ^ m ^ < ^U abecanse ia aa evil aaaaaat Ma ine.asnTgfeU into theheadsof the•etflsfa,corruptsadvaaal,whohavebs>_«., dividedit coaflKtwithforces upon ths en*pues chsara.)and then lamenting through their accredited organ, fromday to day, that the. Convention had not remained to-gether so that they might finally have cheated him. has bees much mere tu-.d krpoa them than has been un- acceptab'e candiThey have overthrown the deaoocratic masses, bat derstood by those who hnjve Said it. And it would be on the Pacific, were• W o to the riders that trampled them down." Political welt for the political magpies who chatter so flippantly yet, managers of the lamblm: pea have breathed your contagion throughout upon the subject to learn their (eeeon before they prats it. tiace and coatoiBssteas, thedemocraticcitadel,andprofanedandpolluteditsva- (•-That'strue,"andcheers.) Thetwoprinciples,which protractedsessionssfthsthey put an as s disguise, for ths purposes ofenabling tbrm to cheat; cheating ths Convotion whichbut faction will follow Twice have I to peace.butl e o m e w i h t ) _As leader seeks 9 0 Slead,can Alpines glen.b t ^ a a d b o w ! Ifas. (Loudry walla. You baps defiled Hs holy phvoasby yourjsar-rupt Jig presence, andean beasts fold m the area of itatemples, and filthy reptiles have inhabited the saactuaryofitsgoJs. !ls towering eagle of liberty has fied for abrief Mason, sadBjal ravens crash for prey sad whattheir bloody benkaaad dirty tnleasupoB Ms sacred altars.Untitled DocumentPt t eel gamblers • yea have perpetrated your tostThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069really haveao relation to each other and are entirely dif» ft rent, have been strangely and unpardonably confounded; but 1 win state thefrwad>aaifaatoofeach separately. NOB- intervention means that ineret should be so interveatioa to extend or prohibit slavery In the Territories, but that the people of the Slates acq the Territories rhouM be toft, white a Territory, te enjoy just such rgbta as to carry toge Coaveattnp at it ap SAMBBH all mere -Amonsterofsuchfrightfulmiea, ThattobebatedneedsBut10beseen,have usually realized the humiliating illustration of thspoet andthat the South had such estire confidence In thethat they were willing to stand upon non-intervention. and await a judicial construction of ths coastitattoa and of their rights to the Territories. The position of Mr Calhoun has since been fully vtodistted and sustained by the Dred Scott decision.power, and place, and patronage abroad, and that they have been recognized aad rewarded abroad, for the al- leged reason that they bad power and position at home; which power and position they gala by the very patron- age placed to their bands by those having ita dispensa- tion. This enables tasm to drive s profitable trade in political affairs, when true democrats are prosecutingfloor as follows :—were bargained in, and I could do so no longer when they*»^hrwfcj|-nw1|\wf>rj ideanj_clique of politicians bad abated not one jot or tittle of pert; which the Constitution of the United States recognlz*ogue of wrongs; but I pre- ferred to lack forward for the benefit of all rather than backwards to gratify jui-t resentments of the few.faithful men for a long <Much has been laid ufW the subjects of non interven tiooand squatter sovereignty,as it is termed, and therewere never brought to a vote, because pract involving the precise question came aader soon after their introduction, aad for no <the same non-intervention idea, and while they ware un der discuss**) to the Senate of the United States, I hadNow, sir, I wish tossy, onee far aU. that Kis not say tetett tion, either directly or toaireeuy, to favor, by votes or vote, the extension of slavery, or the restriction of slavery lathe Territories, by Congress, or any interference with the subject whatever. Nor am I tofhtsitcad to tatocoaclanion bythetoeal laws of the Territory In question, either natural or artificial,'1ciple which had awaited the judicial%published,Mr. Douglas states his positioa thus:—It matters not what way the Supreme Court may hereafWi decidesatotssahstraetqasnsDn, wtniaerBtamjmaynrmay not go into a Territory under the constitution, the people haver» www.fultonhistory.com 