 kfttr] mightI7t*fc. brkf I e«y keatof*x"*••' Hiotro*&*>>tnoat itbotft [WaiehM i 'swillusr.I860. •appli- P-ieni'aim* lik*Era- th U»» They >&astheWil- led ^ by ici fick- le de-pro- toHby her*rnaad» >gAieel*y t> |aragua d and uteirbat he.hoped that hereafter the Admirnstratkra WOUP* contractonlyMichdebtsasitsfriecdscouldvotetopay. Mr. HOUSTON replied there was scarcely an item in the bill to pay debts contracted by the Administra-tion. Congress itself had incurred the obligation.The bill paseed—79 agahsst €3.The Housewent intoCommit"«e of theWbote onthe Military Academy bill, as returned from the Senate, with the amendment authorizing the calling into the field the mounted regiment of Texas volunteers. >Mr. ST ANTON (Rep., Ohio) eatdthsre are indica- tions of Indian diaturbiui:eB at W » h nfrtoo *°J k*"" ftrnia, as there are now in Texas and No w-Mexico. Therefore the subject of the orotectkm of «he fiontwrs » one the House ought to take into serious consiaera. tion, and come system should, if practicable, be adopt- ed to afford adequate relief. Tae depredations areCONTENTION ^efiaicnal Distriot select two delegate? and*two alter' nates for their respective districts to the National Con-TM CHABLESTONCONVENTION THE NEW-YORK DELEGA TION;-—; » •\ITS BTDDPFBBIlifCE.Delegatesof BcgniarOrganizationsonlyAdmittedAN 0VERTITREFROM FERNANDO WOOD. : -••• • • ...SOUTH CAROLINA AGAINST DOUGLAS.THREEDAYSLATERFROMEUROPE. Such a violation is to much the more flagraiat front - liaving beenaccomplished uponthemorrowafter ttoi •**'^:A>ths* .i cos forcu?sion on the Eighth District affairs prevented its presentation. It would have passed 10 to 1. Mr. Seward's name, when mentioned, was hailed withand bis set of claimants.Judge Smiley, Chairman of the Committee, willfAmeri- !thor- >us oftreaty. ;not be >x-d t* 11 t u a e1*30. .favordozemthe Slave raLar[on therea- Mr.Yeas,Mee- t*keaMiuoa.feJ its'.Aionrelief tojlution wish tar•solution into tieat. eolationtion of ae-^eexi Hewouldsertaln :hahge by po->rds of. would ve he ie ex-could f im-Mis-ildat- ratioa .•0 8U3- refore > reso- lution,xhxoo as the ::d theOte by *pdaysan ad- jected[las. a mend- ze theOre-t this ;ot in- tuenta Arded >f the ; >r the 7jjitedwo old iities. ip to his:••theirwith, bill to Will- ie tod i t t of*v>mothere scome/&b did from lO be- •XT- theixi the ion ofSen-4 thelemon >u the be de-oV.feat biiitjr. Car-u>t re- at» toe edforie bill, a c u d ,Mr. HAMIL TON (Bern , Texas) defended th9 peo-ple of Texas from the charge of lawlessness, and the greatest enthusiasm and the delegation is forIn the House of Lords, April 2, the Stamp Duties ieeue tickets of admission to the Hall under this bill and the Income Tax bill were read a third timerule, which, prima facie, determines the right to and passed.••v. --"*> #-•:-"irPilOTESrOP JlIJSTRU AGAINST THE AMEXA-. &•JIt2>y the ice.to preserve this pncelefs inheritance, not only lor thew•••,v,\. '*•mBOSTOK, Wednesday, April 18, 18(J0.The Royal Mail steamship Niagara sailed at i>:.'*0 I cannot doubt that it is the evident and unanimous them a clause calling upon the State mid Genera! Gov-Frlaoy'« p:iee«, being a tritie undsr the currency of tula day w««>*.LONDON PRODUCE AM> PROVISION MARKET, April 3.—SVOAKH rtut. Corvzx firm. RICK quiet TAIXOW quU>u aA.C6"/ U d . •£> c y / t . , o n t h o K p o t . O t h e r u r t i c l e K u n a l t e r e d .LiVERroor. COTTO> MARKET.—Tne Bales of the-thu-e duya weio 15,0u0 balett, inciucin? 3,W0 On apecubv.ion BHOV for <xport. Tbe market cloned dull, w ith but iittlo inquicy, «nj prlcta weak, nnd iu *omu cake* ilightly lower.- - 3%•mounted regiment.Mr. OLD* (Rep., N. Y.) said the accounts from the<oommitted by mauraodiDg parties, and there is no suchthisg as kn open public -enemy, bence the char-acter of the defence would partake of a policeservice. A settlement could no more be protectedfrom occasional depredation than a city oould from oc-casional burglary. All that could be done, therefore,'would be to pursue and punish the offenders. Thereare 2,600 federal troops in Texas; this is sufficient as tothe number^ The infantry there are perfectly nseles?,and the proper mode of protection is to convert a- por-tion of tneminto mounted tropa, He referred to tbehLttorr of the disturbances of tao border to show thatxhe Indians need protection as much as the whites, bo Dudlt-y Field and Gen. Nye, and by some legerde- cause Me lawless, white population is disposed to com-MESSRS.Prospects ©£ Mr* Itouglas.»Special Diipatch to The N. Y. Tribune.CHARLESTON, Wednesday, April 18, 1860. Yery few delegates and. strangers have yet ar- rived, and the impression is there will be no suchjait depredations on the neighbo>ing Indians. Tbe descript'on of the regiment now proposed was not the proper kind of police required, unless wo desired to exterminate tbe Indians.Mx. CURTIS (Rep , Iowa) said that this was not a question of dollars and cents, but life and death. He was in favor of additional mounted regular*. It woold beaUotg time before the Intactry could betauzht )iorsemasehip. The Tex«s rangers were essentially s«eee»ary to the protection of the frontier*, accus tomed as they were, to Iudian warfares Bec»use a $»w white men have command depiedtUioiuj, it was B© reason why the people should not be protected. To restore peace it was necessary to pursue asd effectually chastise the .Indians. He favored the amendment be- cause its object was recommended by the Socretary. ofwe notice: Mrs Gen E. Y. Fair, and servant; Capt. thousaud, and private houses can entertain one J. Seymour, U. S. A.; Baron Guido von Grabon, and third more. Madame Gomez de Waloweka, prima donna to theI War.Mr. REA0AN (pern., Texas) referred to official doc-timente to show the utter inadequacy of the federal 8 troops on the frontier, and earuosUy advocated theing of April 3.The Susan Emjjy, from Cardenas, t» New-Orleans, justice encouraged mc to aupur well of our destinies.Texas frontier werehighly exaggerated, for iater-stedpurposes. There were no hostilities except on thepart of a few vagabonds, and it was now proposed to lature, was drafted, but the length of the dis- employ the men who commenced the disturbances, tohunt them down. Volunteers ehouid not be employedto discharge the duty belonging to the regulara now inT exas.GREAT BRITAIN.•the Cbancelor of the Exchequer. The Stamp Duties bill was read a third time and passed. The House shortly after adjourned.'showed tbe necessity of the adoption of the Senate's amendment.Tho Committee rose without further action.Mr. BONHAM'S (Dem., S- C.) resolution was readSeward first and last to a man.To the Associated' Press.SXRACCSK, Wednesday, April 18,1860. The Republican State Convention met at Corinthian Hall at 11 o^clock this morning. The attendance was large, and embraced very many of the leading Repub-In the House of Commons, April 2, on the motion cf Lord John Ruepell that upon Thursdays after Easter, and until Whitsuntide, Government orders of the day have precedence ol notices of motions—S r J . Grey moved an amendment to addwith the Albany Regency by having himself ap- motion the words, " and that notices of motion havepointed one of the Delegates at Large, and dividing "precedence of order on FriCays." After some dis-for information.J'ridav, it be to the 30th inst.seats, like the Governors1 certificates in the House of Representatives.It is said that Mr. Wood offered to compromiseThe Court of Appeals decided in favor of the con- Ittftuiionality of the Metropolitan Police bill, passed atthe recent session of the Legislature. );strict -*.name out and put Field's in its place, was negativedThe South Carolina delegates, elected yesterday,her Majesty had been advised to recognize the recenthave to discuss tbe most urgent measures, aud my ;farenat tie' 1New-York,-TWOMAS C. PLA TT of Tioga, and HIRAM W . HASKELL of Genesee, Secretaries.The Time? says; This great University boat race H. Seward and John C. Fremont weie enthusiastically Dutchess County in opposition to the selection of Del- as a breach of faith after the action of their Con- came off on Saturday, March 31, with all its customaryM'nifcterB will prepare the projects upon which yotr will have to deliberate for the second period..Parliament, is adjourned until Monday, the 16th of thanks to the Convention. His allusions to William A series of resolutions passed by a Convention in friendf, who regard Mr. Breckinridge's candidacy Apnl. . . 'dollars.gressional Districts, was presented. ton. If the South unites against Mr. Douglas, his HERTFORD, March 31.—This afternoon a warrant A vote of thaDkB to the President was passed, and defeat is inevitable. If divided, tho North will was grantod to apprehend Thomas Sayres and Johnmust no more be left a beJd open to foreign ambition; but it must, on tbe contrary, be the Italy of tbe Italians."TBE FRENCH OCCUPATION OF NICE. NICK, April 1.—To-day the entry of the Fr&noh. troops took place here. The attitude of the population was cold. This evening disturbances have been sup-pressed.SWITZERLAND.GENEV A, March 30.—The landing failed, and the re- sult was ridiculousPerrier and his band of Radicals were stopped on tbe lake by the militia, and brought back prisoners to Geneva,Ziegler is examining them. He has full powers from the Federal Council. Public confidence is rastored.GENEV A, March 31.—Col. Ziegler has written to the Federal Council 10 tbe effect that thealiair of Fruitier'* Society is without importance. About 30 of the par- ticipators have been brought back as prisoners to Gene- va. Their trial bad commenced.-ured. J•Murder Trial.Tbe pilot boat Moses H. Grinntll, No. 1, reports that on the 15th instant, at 7 a. m., off Nantucket South Shoals, caw the sieamships Adriatic and Kangaroo, both hence. The latter was about seven miles -ahead. On the 17th inttant, eighty miles east of Sandy Hook, picked up two dozen new water pails, and saw a num- ber nioie drifting about. There had apparently been a collision. On ihe same night saw the heel of a vessel's mast, broken olF by the deck, and other wrecked stuff.The schooner Alabama, previously reported ashore on New-Inlet Bar, lies well upon the Bar, leaking con- siderably, and is now lightering cargo.REPUBLICAN CENTRAL COMMITTEE.—The YoungMen's Republican Central Committee met last eveningDODWORTH'S HALL.—The strength of the infutuation posses*ing that man who fancies that there is any-thing amusing or attractive to the general public, iu*' Shakespearean, and other Recitations," is too great sion to unite your destinies with those of the variousIt is thafwhen t3he House adjourn on " ^to theMr." W ASHBURN (Rep.) of Maine, and others oa the Republican side objected. Adjourned.Tbe BaltimoreMetropolitan Police licans of the State.Jiill Constitntionai. JAMES KKLLY of New-York called the Conventioncussicn, it was carried by 100 to 126. Some further The debate was continued by Messrs. Sherman, the city delegation. But the overture was declined, ditcossion ensued, and the House again divided uponBKI.VIDERZ, N. J., Wednesday, April 18, 1860. The trial of the Rev. Jacob S. Hardan, for the mur- der of bis wife, is going on bere. A jury was impan- neied this morning, when the caee was opened on thepart of the State, oy James M. Robeson, in a speech fcr the proeecuiioo, of two hours, after which the Conn adjourned till 3 o'clock, when witnesses will be examined.lamation to the Tuscans, says: \ " The King understands the importance of his mis-J'irst Arrival from the Upper flakes. tbe beautiful .plains of Kansas and Nebraska;NAPLES, March 27.—No military movement has yet "fantastic delusion on the subject of elocutionary exhi- taken place. The King has granted several commer-DUNKIXK, Wednesday, April 18, 1860.but they have thus far been saved by our efforts andour bacrifices; and our successes in common with those day, with a carge of wheat, from Milwaukee. She of our friends throughout the Cnion. But the workThe t«chooner Three Bells arrived here at noon to-made an attempt to reach Bulialo, but ww prevented beyond. [Great applause j We alone are smugglingbitions. For two evenings he has essayed to attract anaudience, and on both occasions the. failure has been asad one. This resultmust be attributed, not to any in * in the three Calabrian provinces. ability on the part of Mr. Lawrencei and hia young pu-pil to do all they profesB to do. but to the fact that theentertainment they offer is one possessing not the slight-est interest to the public. Mr. Lawrence is himself acareful elocutionist, and Mr. Richardson (a boy of 10)possesses a fine voice, and has been taught to declaimvigorously and effectively. W e have no criticisms tooiler on the oratorical style of either gentlemen, butonly beg to assure them that no public declamation Ofmemorized scraps of orations and poems, will be likelyto ever attract a larger audience than that of Tuesdaynight, which consisted cf uivc persons, all told.• •Fire.PROvn>ixcr., Wednesday, April 18, I860.White laborer of the North and the South, but for the at their rooms, No. 618 Broadway. Wm. H. Fry,poor and oppressed of every kindred and clime. This who had been advertised to address them, was unableconsummation is to be attained only through the in- to do so, on account of severe indisposition. A seriesAUSTRIA and ITALY.,HTMVyl*»»lW (*»•»**NEW- 59nomination of Mr. gemurd. O B E A T E N T H U S I A S Mvention.A Committee of eight, one from each Judicial Dis-trict, was appointed to report resolutions, as follaws: FirstDklrlct,JohnT.Flojd;Second,GeorgeOpdyke;Third, Augustus ToJt-a; Fourth. A. D. Palmer; Fifth RichardHurl-bnrt; Sixth, Luc-.iuK Itohinson; Seventh, Theron B_ Story, Chairman; Eighth, H. A. Pendoigabt. !.AieceKBof an hour was taken to enable the Com- mittee on Delegates at Large to make up their re»AKBIVAX OF THE ARAGO.f-'—• 'peace of ViJIafranca and Zurich, of which the « w » »** - condition was the restoratioa of the legitimate Princes. Induced by all these motifs, Austria profcato Inthe most peremptory manner against thia moet iueg*• •Special Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune.;To this end, at the same time that this protest is for-warded to Turin, a copy will be furniabed te all theforeign Cabinets, to whom also a crrcular noie is ad-dreeued by Austria, in which it is said " tbac Aictri«," in confining herself at the present time to protesting<;against the s*5d annexation, hopes tbat Eiro-pe will " recognize in this proceeding a most convincing proof " of her moderation, and of her desire to maintain ih» " peace of the world."AUSTRIA and SAVOY.•SYRACUSE, Wednesday, April 18,1860.*y\T10S TO PIEDM0JVT.The Conventiou has passed offmofltharmoGiouslv port. •-.,to-day, with a slight intemxptioD, which at ond time threatened to involve it in an interminable war of words. The report of the Committee ap- pointed to nomitate delegates at large, and to harmonize conflicting views as to dele- gates from Congressional Districts, called forth a fierce and effective speech from Mr. Sherman of Brooklyn, who denounced the election of Gen. Nve from the Eighth District as delegate, as the work of politicians, and not of the people. The delegation was divided between David''..,- -•The delegations from the Congressional Districts,excepting in the Vlllth, Xlltb, and XXVIIth Dis- tricts, reported their selections for delegates and alter- n a t e s .Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Resolutions, made the following report:Retolred, That tbe Republican Electors of tbe State of New- y ork, represented in this Convention, present the name of Wm. H. Stvt-sjd Im-rourioiiH appliuiae, lasting for tome minutes J to the Chicago Convention for the office of President, not only in obedience to a universal lind unbroken public sentiment, but because they rt-gard him ap eminently the representative of the prixclples upon vrbich the! Republican party is based, and to whose bunds all the greatintereBtsof the nation may be safely committed. [Applause and cheers for Seward].This report was adopted, and subsequently the reso- lution was earned by an unanimous vote, and amidst applause and cheers, the Hon. T. M. Pomeroy and H. C. Goodwin, addiessed the Convention.The Committee of 33 reported for Delegates at large, William M. Eyarts, vPrcston King, John L. School- craft, and Henry R. Selden, and Alternates, Isaiah Herman, A. B. Dickinson, Martin J. Townsend, and Jacob Beyer. Also Delegates for the Eighth, T welfth, and Twenty-sBventh Congressional Districts. jAn exciting scene now ensued over the Delegates for the Eighth Congressional District of New-York City...The Committee reported in favor of William Curtis Noyes, and James Nye.Mr. SHERMAN, of Kings, took the floor and severely condemned the action of the Committee iu selecting General Nye in preference to David Dudley Field. He said that the delegates from the District were di- vided between three men evenly, five to five, and that the Committee, by. a close vote, had unwisely taken Nye and rejected Field. He charged that Nye was supported by mere politicians while Field was urged by men who were Republicans from principle, and who were not office eeekers. He moved that the re- port be amended by substituting the name of David Dudley Field in place of that,of General Nye.Mr. JOHNSON of New-York defended the action of the Committee. He sail, in the course of his remarks, that he knew Mr. Field not to be a Seward man, and that if he was sent to Chicago he would merely give a complimentary vote to Mr. Seward, and then, as he had expressed it, drop him like a hot potatoe. He Baid that he knew that Mr. Field was a Chase man.«—A European Congress on theSwiss- «Savoy Question.REVOLUTION IN SPAIN.main, facilitated by a report that the former was a Chase man, against the earnest efforts and de- nials of Messrs. Opdyke, Northrup and others, Mr. Nve was put [on the ticket by the Committee. Mr. Johnson defended the Committee, and asserted that Mr. Field said he would drop Mr. Ssward, after complimenting him with one or two votes. Mr. Northrup defended the soundness of Mr. Field, and advanced his claims upon the party.The Nye men were very noisy and boisterous. Senator Dickinson and 'others supported Mr. Nye, and appealed to the Convention to support Mm. After a slightly acrimonious discussion the question was put on substituting the name of Mr. Field for that of Mr. Nye, and wis lost by a small majority. The iemainder of the ticket was unanimously in- dorsed.crowd as was anticipated. The hotels have pre- and 400 tuna merchandise. Among the passeagerj,The New-York delegates will be established at Ita'ian Opera.A resolution, repudiating the action of the Legis-A. B. Dickinson, Northrop of New-York, Christopher BALTIMORX, Wedneeday, April 18, 1860. to order, and on his motion the Hon. RICHARD HUKX- Morgan and others. The amendment to strike Nye'sdoubtless with a full convnjtion"that hia pretansions the original motion, as amended, which was carriedwould net be tolerated by the Convention.Tbe House of Ix. J. Levy & Co.l Mr. Guthrie is to be presssd earnestly by his Mr. HURLBCRT, in taking the chair, returned his vacancies that might occur, was adopted. *PHitAnrxphiA, Wednesday, April IB, 1860. L. J. I^evy Si. Co.. the lirge reta'il dry goods house, who suspended in 1857, to-day paid $50,000, the last instalment on their extension paper. The whole 3 amount of their indebtedness was over a million ofi> Kgreceived.The list of Delegates was called.On motion, the Chair appointed the following a com-mittee on permanent organization:Fifit District, Jaxen Kelly, Georpe Opdyke; Second Dktrict, Cbw)e» Joueii. Alfred Pout; Third Uintiict, H. J. King, John M. Fwker; Kouith District, P. C. Hitchcock, W . A Dan : Kiith District, John P . Wooster, S&nford Co'«?: sixth District, Lucius JkoMcton,James&>.Glover;SeventhDistrict,ChzJttophorMor- jciD, M. H. Lavrience; Eighth District, A. G. Conger, A. G. Price.The Convention took a recess till 2 p. m.On reassembling, at 2 p. m., Mr. Morgan, from the Committee on Permanent Organization, reported the following officers:The Hon. EX.IAS W . L E A \ JEJS[ WOB.TH of ©nondaga.Vice- PretiAentt.egates.toNational Conventions by State Conventions, vention and his election to the Senate. dclat. After a.very severe contest Cambridge won.Conviction of 3IcI>anie*.Mr. LeavenwOnh responded, when the Convention adjourned with hearty .cheers.DISTRICT DELEGATES.' FirstDistrict—GeorgeW.CurtisandFrederickW.Lord. Al-C. Heenan, in order that tbey nrghfc be bound over to probably concentrate, and thus compel his nomina- keep the peace. It is understood that the warrantBCRMWCTON, Vt, Wednesday, April 13, 1860. Peter McDaniel, who was last Fall tried and con- victed for the murder of J. 0. McKeen, and subse-tion. His supporters are clamorous, and claimwould be at once executed and the parties required to find sureties to a heavy amount, as tbe magistrates are determined to prevent, if possible, the fight from com-quent' y granted a n e w trial by the Supreme •was to-day convicted of manslaughter.Court,everything, but tie result will turn entirely on theSect nd District—Jas. S. T. Strtnahan and Henry R. Kent. front exhibited by the South, arid that may be off in Hertfordshire.Delegates to tne Chicago Conven- tion.SACO, Me., Wednesday, April 18, 1860.A t the Renublicau Convention of the I»t District, lolden at Biddeford to-day, Leonard Andrews of Biddeford, and Mark T. Wentworth of Ktttery, wereAlternates, Wm. Pect and Horace N. Warner.Third Districts—John A., Kennedy and Amaiiah D. Barber.Alternates, Joseph B. Taylor aud Joan L. Hanson.Fourth Diutrlct—Owen W . Brennan and Robert T. Haws.Alternates, James Kelly and Robert Irwin.Filth District—Thomas Murphy and Charles M. Briggs. After-rratee,,James F . Freeborn, ar dSij,l»iaucd KaulTmon.Si nth District—Joseph C. Plnckney and Marshall B. Blake.Alternates, Wm. E. Duryea and Georgo F. Steioham.Sevt nth District—Daniel D. Conovor and John Keyser . Al-ternates, Washington Smith and Isaac DaytonEighth District—Wm. Curtis Noyes and James W . Nye. Al-ternates, A. Oakey Hall and Ezekie) L Lock wood.Ninth Dist ict—EdmundJ. Porter and John G. Miller. Al-ternateR, Jeremiah H. Stedwell and Geo. F. Shorman.Tenth District—Ambrose L. Murray and Wyukoop Krersted;Alternate*, Stephen VV. Fi liertonana C. V. R. JLiu ldington. Eleventh District—Marcus Schoonmakor and Hexuy Green.Akouates, Peter Crbpell, jr., uud Reuben Coffin.Twelfth District—Albert Van Cleeck and John T. Hogeboom.Alternates, Isaac Piatt and R. McKinstry.Thirteenth District—John W . Fret man and Abram B. Oliu.Alternates, James Whiting and Gideon Reynolds.Fourteenth District—H. H. van Dyck and Henry A. Bingham.largely affected by developemnts in the Convention= A leading Democrat of this State remarked to-day that he was indifierent whether Fred or StephenFRANCE. .choten delegates to Chicago.Tbey1*o unpledged.First Distriot.EI>GAK KJKTCKAM,ciples.Po»tma8ter-General Holt and wife arrived to-dayfrom Florida. Mrs. H. is improved enough to re- turn by slow stages to Washington.• —, , Mew-York Slate Politics.TKOT, Wednesday, April 18, I860. The New-Y ork and Brooklyn delegates to the Syra- cuse Convention on board the Francis Skiddy, laso night weie addressed by tbe Rev. Dr. Cox, in an ur-gent speech. His creed was the Bible, the Constitution,the election of Deputies in the provinces claimed by Switzerland have rcsuJted in the return of five partisans of France and cne of Switzerland.On Thursday, some persons from Geneva made a menacing demonstration at Thonon, and hoisted the Swiss flag. A steamer with armed people leffr on Fri- day for Ihcnon.The Patric states that tbe Savoyards, being col- lected in some foroe on the shores of the Lake of Ge- neva, have energetically repulsod the 300 persons from Geneva, who had arrived in a steamer with the inten- tion of attacking ChabSsiis and Faociguy.P/.ms, Sunday, April 1,—The MoniUwr eays:**The Government, under exieting circumstances,Committed for Contempt of Court.BALTIMOKE, Wednesday, April 18, i860. Judge Krebs of the Circuit Court, to-day, committed Thomas B. Gaither to jail, for contempt of Court, in refusing to surrender the papers and docket of the Court to the Clerk appointed by the Court, to fill the vacancy caused by Gaither'a election having been setaside. Tne Governor has remitted the fine.Delegates to tne Charleston Con- vention.Puii.ADT.i.rniA, Wednesday, April 18,1860. The steamship Keyetone State sailed lor Charleston ibid aiurnoon, with about niaety passengers to attend tbf National Democratic Convention, including severaldelegates from the Western States.Soutli Carolina State Convention.COLOMBIA, S. C , Wednesday, April 18, 1860. Tbe Democratic State Convention reaffirmed the Baltimore and Cincinnati platforms, and the D.-od Scott decision. Tbe proceedings were conservative.The. Convention adjourned yesterday (Tuesday].Fire in Chicago.CHICAGO, Wednesday, April 18, 1860. The roundhouse and machine-shops of the Illinois Central Railroad were totally destroyed by fixe tais marring. Pour locotnotivee, and a large number of lathes, forges, patterrs, and machinery were alsodestroyed. The fire is supposed to have been kindled from sparks from the copper-room Loss $150,000, covered by insurance in the Liverpool and London Company.• — Railroad Accident.STUATFOKD, C. W., Wednesdiy, April 18, 1860.A collision occurred last night on the Grand Trunk Rai road, one mile east of this place, between a freight and lumber train. One man was killed, and four or five seriously injured, and several others slightly in-E. T. SKAXAJU*,Lxrcirs C. ASDKKWS.Third DistiiotWlIXIAK BKNTftX, JOHS M. PAKKKR, VVlIXIAK MASTBK.Fourth District.JAXBS M. HAXTOK, 8. Baxniwo, . A. C. BKOTTN.IU'RT of Oneida was made Temporary Chairman, andLLCIEN BIRDSETE of Kings, DANIEL E. GAVIT of by a decided vote, and the report of the Committee are deadly hostile to Mr. Douglas, and their resolu- acquisitions of the King of Sardinia as forming part ofGBOKOK OFPTKE,Second District.A- G. THOMPSON, LEVI DIXMICX,JOHX ADAXK,Fiith District.PBTBK M. W A a a K S . Sixth District.J. £ . ALLABIX, JOSEPH R DIXOX.Seventh JDistrtct.N. J. McrxiKMX,T. R STROSO. Eighth District.Washington's Farewell Address, and E PlurousFifteenth Di»trict—EowardDodd, James W. Schenck. Alter- Unum. He said he had twenty grandchildren, and by considers it to be its duty to recall the following arti-Tho Government condemns the attempt, which^ has aho been centured at a popular meeting attended by 6,000 persons.BERNE, April 1.—The Federal Council is about to address another note to the Powers who signed tbe Final Act of Vienna, endeavoring to obtain the assembling of an European Congress to examine tbe following question:" Is it in tbe interest of Europe that the road of the Simlon, whish. according to Article SOof the Final Act of Vienna, ie to be possessed by the King of Sardinia, should be coded to France, who by this road could penetrate injo the very heart of Switzerland ?"BERNE, April2.—In reply to the request addressed by Switzerland to the Powers who signed the Treaty of Vienna, Russia, England, Austria, and Prussia have pronounced tbemselves in favor of the immediate assembling of a Congress.To avoid discutsion, all the members of the Commis- sion of the Federal Assembly have adopted the pro- posals of the Federal Council.SPAIN.The Patrie of April 3 has the following:" it is announced that a revolutionary movement ha*taken place in Spain. Gem Ortega, with 3,000 men, has proclaimed the pretender, Don Carlos, King."PORTUGAL.mLISBON, March 30.—The Cortes, by 123 against 12 votes, have granted to M. Salamanca the privilege of constructing the new Portuguese Railway.FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.The Timet city article, of April 3, says: The E n -glish fund« opennd on Monday with a Treah decline of i, bat *. rally occurred in tb« middle of tho day and we* nidintalved to- the clo.o. The recovery wan attributable to a alight improve- ment in the quotations from Pat in.There waa no bunion operations of any Importance at the Bunk.THE TEA TRADE—April 2.—The deliveries in Lon- don«>»timatt'dfortheweek,wtre893,084IB.,whichi*adecreaae "7,34116. compaied with the previoua atatement.Tbe following IBfrom The Times city article, April 4: The i.UU-.m«nt of Lord John Ruatell la*t evening, regarding the recognition of the new Territorial of the King of Sardinia, and of the probability of a fioni'ereno* of the Fowert to arr*«j$« the SwifiH p u t of the Bavoy qne«tion, oaoaed Consohi to opaa buoycntlj thia morning at on advance ol* an eighth, mad «UM»- qnentjy rxperirtced a further rine. ContoZ* were quoted M to* ofliciai clone at SMJ'a'J. , , . . .Although to-moirow ia the 4th of the month, there wa» & much better nupply of money in the diaoount market to-day.Foreign StookB have been rather active, and iu sev- eral ca»f° an advance haa token place, the cloaing prioe* of th» Frpt-ch Tlnee & CenU w u CSf.SOc. «howing a riae of nearly »q°I?tfa« Foreign Exchange. thU afternoon the mtc« oh Pari. and. Amsterdam wirr -lightly hi«b«r. while .Hamburg declined.HKXKY SXITH.JOSEPH H. DASXINW, L. D. COBB, JACOB BUTKK.Secreta*ic*.Fim District. AM>RKW WILLIAJMOX. Second Distriot. LUCIA:* BIKDSKVB. Third Di»trict.J. J. V A X ALLKS. Fourth District. SAMLEL A S M . Fiith Diatnot.B. N. HonOHS.Sixth District. THOMAS C. PIM.TT. Seventh Dist/iot-N. T. STKVKNIJ. Eighth District. JOHX T. SMITH.the master or the slave than the falling of the firma- ceived, published, printed, or otherwise put into exe-PxTMt TowssKxn,Mr. LEA VENWORTH, on taking the chair, said:GENTLEMEN OF THE CONVENTION: You will please Twtrnty-eightn District—Wm. Scott, Stephen P. Haight.to accept my profound acknowledgments for the nonor which you have done me, in ca'linguponme to preside over the deliberations of this numerous and most re- spectable Convention. I cannot but feel deeply this renewed manifestation of tbe kindness aud confidence of the Republicans of the StAte of New-York; but, unfamil'ar as I am, with the discharge of the duiies of a presiding officer of deliberative bodies, permit me in advance, to bespeak your most indulgent support. We are convened here from the various counties and districts of this great State, to take the first step in opening the campaign of 1860—a campaign iraught with consequences of the most momentous i import to the cauee of Freedom and the welfare of the Republic. We should not for a moment forget tbat the organization which we repre- sent, is the only barrier which interposes the slightest obstacle to the spread of the dark and desolating curse of Slavery overall the Territories of the glorious Cnion. It is not too much' to say that, but for the saccassive victories wiich we, the Republicans of . the State of New-York, have achieved in the years that are passed, the black and piratical flag of Slavery would now wave in triumph overAb>rnatejs E. VV. Packard, Alonzo Gray. , Twenty-nirth District—D. D. S. Browne, Alexander Baboock.Alternates, Samuel P. AJien, Ezra W . Parsons.Thirtieth Dlttilct—Joseph H. Darling, John H. Kewperty.AliemateB. W m . W . Smith, Charles Barton.Thirtj-first District—Wm. Keep, Noah Davis, jr . Alternates,J. D. Cooper, Dan. U. Cole.Tbirty-tecoDd— Alexander W . Harvey, Joseph Cander. Alter-admits the importance of Lord J. Russell's last speech on the annexation of Savoy and Nice to France.is not yet done. Other Territories in embryo still liecial concessions to the inhabitants of Sicily, and has decreed the construction of a networik of public roadsThe Woolen Mill, situated on Williams's Wharf, strumentality of the labors and efforts of the of resolutions, denouncing the action of the late Legis-N^wpert, was destroyed by fire last night. Insured great and good men of our country. W e lature at Albany, in passing a number of bills in de-VIENNA, March 31.—The Austrian Cabinet has re-solved to protest solemnly against the annexation ofTuscany, Prirma, and Modena to Piedmont. A noteto this effect, dated tbe 24th, has been directly ad-dressed to the Cabinet of Tunn. In this note, Austria demand for Cotton continue* limited, and tbe aalea for the two liist establishes her positive and incontestible right.to day. bur«-ly reach 11,000 i>alea;3,0b« on apeculatiou aud for e x -in this city for$10,C<jo.Deatn of Henry I*. Xooey.nave come together here to-day that with fiance of the Governor's vetO;, called forih considera-such prudence and wisdom as we can command, we ble discussion. The Governor was complimented for may tlectthe men who shall represent the Republicans his action in the matter, which was considered to beTbeie wan no withdrawal of tiold from tho lian*. Ameiicun Railway 8»'curiUei were steady.(J)and TrunkofCanadaadvancedlucent.of this State at the great national gathering at Cnicago.Henry L. Tobey, of The Utica Morning Herald, And Dothing will more conduce to the success of our that of a good Republican. The members who votedUTICA, Wednesday, April 18,1860.died tl»:a morning of congestion of the brain. He had labors than the fact tbat the Republican paity is com- for the Railroad 'and other swindling bills were de-oppoee an act which, in despoiling legitimate Princes port. i*ric«-»irregular. •posed of the moet homogeneous material*, and contains nounced in unmeasured terms. The resolutions met within itself no element which can interfere to disturb the approval of the Committee. Resolutions expres-this mrrning,iwith 55 pasECigers for Liverpool, and 15 for Halifax. No specie.L a k e N a v i g a t i o n .of the States guaranteed to them by European treaties,would also destroy the rights of succession and rever-been ill only a few days.•Sailing of tne Zttagara.sion which these same treaties secure to the House of*tho harmony of our deliberations. I know that I do notmistake the sentiment of the Convention when I say thatwe are ail moved by one common sentiment and feeling. Impending Crisis, was lost. There was attached toHapsbnrg with respect to tbe said StateB. AuBtria mid btvvrui tbe fuU prloea Ol tnhi day week, the slight reac-sentiment and desire of the gentlemen who are hereassembled before me, that ho who has been our cham-pion in so many hard-fought battles; he who so long, Several members thought that the Republicans of thisa n d s o a b l y , a n d s o f e a r l e s s l y , a n d s o w i s e l y r e p r e •c i t y h a d f a r m o r e o c c a s i o n t o . r e b u k e t h e l a w - m a k e r si- \iB w r a i o , Weoneoday, April 18, 1860.The two New-York Ontrai Railroad propellers, tribunal, the Senate of the Union, shouhLbe selected as Mr. Worth wus imprisoned. The Committee^ afterwhich left *Jbe harbor a week ago to^attempt to force a the exponent of our opinions, as the com axon stand- piu»«8ge through the ice to Uie ports above, succeeded ard-bearer cf the united Republican hosts. [Ap-. ingeumgthroughabout4o'cWkthisafternoon, and jlause.] We who for thirty years-past have are»Out of sight. The ice haa closed in again, shutting been familiar with his calm prudence, his wisdom, hia the narbor as close as everi ability, his fidelity, and his patriotic devotion to dutyST A TE OK TRADE.—The aaviceb from Manchester are. ncaseoftheextinctionofthemaleline,uponthethird favorable. Themarketwuquiot,butt>u>&dy.sented our interests and our principles in that augustof their own Staie, than to question the laws by which the transaction of some trifling business, adjourned.TOMATOES—-How TO GET THEM EAULY.—Those who have no hot-bed of their-own,' and can not get hot- houee plants, should sow Tomato seed in boxes iu thei annot hesitate in our choice, nor relax in our eifoitsRAILKOAD ACCIDENT.—Yesterday morning, on the for its accomplishment. Tiiat we may successfully ac- house.. This may be done any time from the middle of•• " la it possible you charge three dollars 1" " 1 have told you so twice."ton of tho Emperor Francis and Maria Theresa, whom jt was designed to unite to the grand-daughter of the DukeofMocena. .;,: . .LIVJCKEOOZ. BREAPSTUKES MAKEKT. —Wakefield.No»» it Co. report Flour dull but «tevJv ; Philadelphia and Balti- more aS/OTTl ; Ohio VlftWrj;. Wheat «ui.<t but Ntoady; Red 10/3-alo,9; White lv/a-wtt/8. Corn quiet5 Vt-Uow Mjt»4M/*,complish the.work which ha? assembled us on this oc-train due at Rcme at 11:Si from the West, Wm. Abel casion and forward the great object which we have in- March to the first of May, in this latitude. If the seed Downs, son of A. M. Downs of Seneca Palls, New- dividually so much at heart. Let us proceed, gentle- is planted in. inverted sods, cut in pieces two-inch'"Y on should have asked theprice, Sir, when you., Sardinia, explicitly confirms in favor ot Austria the but »tcady. Laid honvy a>id nominal, and for arrival buyer* dw-York, while on his Way wi'-h his mother to Boeton, to dom to the diftcbaige of our important dunes, and lay-came in, and if you didn't like the terms you should the plants rooted in them. The proper time to set the hav'e gone elsewhere.";LIVERPOOL PRUDVCE MARKET.— Sugar steady^**ith his mother.Kr. Tobey, one of the editors of The Utica Morning Congressional District to select four delegates at large.Herald^ died yesterday morning.Purser Edmonds of the sloimahip R. R. Cu)ler,'aa4 treaties which he has signed as a cirect contracting Pui»hrWiU'luaol',ti»eiaoitda,tViMu8<»v»nnah, btum U* UM JAUJmen, at once, with calmn-ss, and prudence, and wis- tquare, these can be taken out and planted withri"hts of revertiou etipulatel by-Uie treaty of Aix-la- mond kirductionoi'2/ 1 allow in but litUe iuquky, and prioo* cEapelle, datod the 2uth May, 1815. These rights of weak. CJovvi»eed <1'J11a»«i nominal.go to schoo1, in attempting to pase from one platformto another, fell between the cara, and bad his left -wrist march directly forward to tue accomplishment of the plants in the garden is about the 520th of May. The Of couree, John paid, with the best grace he could crushed by the car wheels. He was detained at Rome great and paramount object which wc severally so bed should be previously prepared by forking it over command; but relating his experience yesterday to aing aside all personal and local considerations let usCotlee »t.-udy. R$..-w dull. BptuU Tuxpe»Utt«> noavj. Rojja. ateedy. Put Atbm quiet at M/7; Pearla quiet.'CONSOLS.—Comjol* clo*ea on Tuesday at JH^JMifor money, and 04M*9c^ for acootu.t.papeuoi Uitttoitytti batuidAT1***was adopted unanimously.A resolution empowering the delegation to fill any tions condemn Squatter Sovereignty emphatically.hie dominions.QUKZNSTOWN, Tuesday MorniDg, April 3." In entering upon tbe new order of things, and without. regarc»ng tbe old political parties in any other way than remembering the services rendered to the <xrnmon cauee, we call for a noble co5peration and the expression of every sincere opinion, in order to obtain our principal object—tho welfare of the people and the greatnerB ot the country, which is no longer theAlternates, Berjarain Cannon, Augoatus Elsvood. Twentieth District—V. Kellogg, Henry H. J"ieh.Alternates,try like the voice of the thunder and the speed of the ligbtnicg. . "Ex Mayor Slocum and Messrs. Duer, Ogden,cution without tbe authorization of the Government." tJbe following:John B. ilwood, A. B. Cady.Twenty-first District—Giles W . Hotohkins, BenJ. Rexford.AlternattP, Edward li. Edwardw, Cyrus B. Martin. Tweniy-eecond District—Samuel T. Gater, Robert Stuart.Altwn*tes, Seaward Arner, W m . D. Manchester.Twenty-third District—Isaac H. Fiske, Carlos B. Scovillo.Altern»teB, Aionzo MaxBon HeramPorter. Twenty-fourth—Ylriua W . Smith, D. C. Greenfield. Alter-rates, Win. C. Gardner, Darwin E. Hurd.Twenty-fifth—Alex. B. Williams, Theodore M. Pomeroy. Al-ternates, W . P. JNattiugbam. A. M. Green. Twenty-bixth—Obsoiah B. Latham, Charles C. Shepard. Al-ternates, tt-'m. J. Knox, Cbarlei J. Folger.Twf nty seventh Distriot—Wm. W . Shepard, George W .Evening—Twobatialionsof theSchuyler. Alternates, Aaron Hawley, J. B. Wiluams.nates, Philip H. Bendar,' Uriel Torrey, jr.1! T"hirt-y • third—AUvzo Ken•t, Delos E. SillA. Pieudergast, John W ; Meer&erean.Alternates, Henrylivered by the Rev. J. B. Walker, and the President, pro tern., responded. When the Convention was per- manently organized, on Thursday, W . P . Mumford of Ricbmond, Va., was chosen to be President. Various.committees were appointed, and the business of the session began.The accounts from the agricultural districts are not The Paris Flour market was firm last week.The Moniteur announces the presentation of the Budget of 1861 to the Corps Legialatif. The receipts are estimated at 1,845,000 francs, and the expenses atMARINEAFFAIRS.CENTRAL ITALY. FLORENCK, March 30.—Prince Carignan, inhisproc-sive oi sympathy with the Rev. Daniel Worth, now imprisoned in Norih Carolina for circulating Helper's3—A moderate oonfumptivedetuned w-oa experienced for Wheat then proceeds to demonstrate that Sardinia has partici- tion noticed ou Kriday being recovered. Oata unaltered. Barley,.ernments to take eome action which should secure toAnderson, landed in this city two or three days ago, oa a visit to seme relatives, and to make himself preventa- ble, Btepped into No. 10West street, where he got hishair cut. The operation being over— :' . -" How much is to pay,'" he asked, putting his handinto his pantaloons pocket for the change. " Three dollars.""Three what?"" Three dol'ars.."(ithe postcurion of Tuscany to the House of Lorraine, in order to indemnity this dynasty for the cession, of her ancestral heritage.T h e n o t e O f A u s t r i a f u r t h e r r e c a l l s t h a t , b y v i r t u e of the treaty concluded in 17T>3, by the mediation of George II. King of England, and countersigned by him in his quality of head of the House of Esto, the right cf succeeerion in the Modeneee States was oouferred.all citizens tbe right of Tree speech thoughout the land.much admire. [Hearty applause.] several times. This mixes the manuTO well with the friend, ho was told that he had been awin.dled, and re^-A Committee of one was then appointed from each earth, and warms it, The'.plants will grow in commended to call at tbe Mayor'B Office. He did so, ing the annexation of the ltahuu Duobiea, openly vio-moderately rich soil, if the earth is loose. Woods It was resolved that the delegates from each Con- mold is the be«t eoii for tomatoes.lates not"only the public troafes of 1815, but also the party with Austria.Untitled DocumentGUTHRIE ANDBRECKINRIDGE.pared abundant accommodation for six or eightthe Mills House. Messrs. Corning, Ludlow, Cros- well, Barto, Devoux, Stryker, and others ara here already. They express no arbitrary preference, but a readiness to adopt the most available candi- date, whom they are anxiously seeking. The dele- gation will meet on Saturday night to determine their course. .-The purpose is to cast no complimentary voteawhatever, ibut to make every one tell hia preferenceby bis vote, which will indicate who is supposed tobe tbejnost available candidate, and if he fails, it the former became a total loss. will be an error of judgment.treaties of1815.The National Committee have adopted a resolu-tion to admit Delegates representing regalar Demo-cratic organizations only. This decision will ex-clude Wood and his followers, aud " Ike " Cook Tax bill passed, after pome explanation on the part ofand in favor of selecting them in the respective Con- The indications are the same here as in Washing- • THE FORTHCOMING/PRIZE FIGHT. Italy of the Romans nor that of the Middle A^es. Itternates, Chas. W. Goddard and Robert L. Moeks.Alternates, B. H. Miles acd Lorenzo D. Collins.nates, John S. Masters, N. E. Sr.eldon.Sixteenth District—Oilando Kellogg, Wm. HesLding. Alter-nates, Balph A. Loveland Erastus S. Mead.Seventeenth District—John H. Wooster, A. B. James. Alter*nates, A. L. Fsf-b. E. D. Brooksiighteenth District—Henry Chnrchill, Thomas R. Horton.Alternates, Thomas Payne. Abram Hees.ISineteentb District—Borace N. Buckley, Samuel J. Cooke.the judgment day, might have a million, whose hap- pineeB would depend upon the perpetuity of the Union. Tbe destruction of the Union would no more benefitcles of the Concordat, viz: that no bull, brief, rescript, mandate, provision, or other document from tbe Court of Rome, even regarding private persons, can be re-P A WS, March 31.—The Paris journals publish a tele- Douglas was nominated, both having similar prin- gram dated Chambery, March 31, acsording to whichment would benefit the plantation. He hoped theUnion party would succeed and go through the coun- PARIS, April 2.—The Montour of to-day publishesBrown, Halsey, Bodine and Roberts spoke. Gen. and met with an enthueias'ic reception by the popula- Tallmadge also spoke.. A large number of delegates tion, who went to meet the troops; and strewed flow-are in town.Mepsrsl Burroughs, Brooks, E. R. Jewett, and J. DePeyeter Ogden of the two State Committees are here.sev-ers on their passage."All the houses were decorated with tri-color flag*.The Paris correspondent to The Times eays: Public opinion, in the financial and commerrial world, is greatly agitated by alternate hope and fear, in conse- quence of the uncertainty which prevails with respect to the future position of the country. The Govern- ment has made extraordinary efforts to restore confi-MEN'SCHRISTIANYOUNGenth Annual Convention of the Young Men's ChristianAssociation of the United States met in New-Orleanson Wednesday, the llth inst. A good number of dele- dence, but without succeps. Every commercial manto be comprehended by the ordinary niind. By whatraceB who have elevated him to tbe national throne. I shall respond to the :conficence of the King, whose firm resolution is to achieve your happiness to the fullASSOCIA TION.—Thegates were present at the opening exercises, but morewere to arrive by several river boats, that were some-what behind time. An address of welcome wa3 de- favorable.jae&ns a cultivated gentleman has been induced to be--fieve that euchan entertainment would command at- extent which your conduct has merited."tention and patronage in New-Y ork, it is difficult to guess. Mr. Lawrer.ce, who gave on Taesday evening such a programme, is evidently laboring under someNAPLES.annexation made by the King of Sardinia^ and appeal* The Arrest of Sayers and Heenan. to tbe conscience of all Europe on the subject.VIENNA, April 1.—CouLt Rechberg has communi- The Purser reports tbat the Arugo sailed from"* cated to the Clutrgt d'Affaire* of Switzerland theHavre at 9 a. m. April 4, via Cowee and the Needlee,definite reply of Austria to tbe protest against tbe an-and arrived at this port last evening. Experienced nexation of Savoy addreeeed by the Federal Coaaml to the Great Powers. In reference to tbe annexatioastrong westerly gales, and rough Winter's weither of Savoy, Austria declares that, after having awer-most of the passage.The Arago brings 163 passengers, the usual malls,taiced the views of the other great Powers, she could not abandon the paetivc and rvzerwo attitude whioh her real interests demand in the afl»ir. As regards the- neutrality of Switzerland and tbe neutralized diatricis of Chablais and Faucigoy, Auetria declares her readi- ness to join ber good offices to tho'e of tho other great Powers for the fulfillment of the legitimate wishes of Switzerland, tbe more because the circular note of VLThouvenel, of the 13th ult., promb.es beforehand to reopeet the guaranties granted to Switzerland by the1April 4—-I p. m., 40 miles from Havre, passed steamer V anderbilt, bound in.April.10—Lat. 48° 46', Ion. 34,° exchanged signals with the English bark propeller Jura, bound East.The America arrived at Queenstown on the 1st ofApril, and at Liverpool Api il 2The Vanderbijt arrived at Southampton on the"In a very abort time an invasion was repul»i»dt Lombai dy was freed by glorious deeds of herobtm, and Central Italy became free by the marvelous virtue ol.of its inhabitants, and thus to-day the representative* of the rights and hopes of the nation are assembled around me." For such a benefit we are indebted t e a magnani- mous ally, to tho valor of his and our soldiers, to, the ashistance of volunteers, aud to tbe perseverinr con-cotd of the people." Tho gratitude of present and future generations iv-due tc Fiance for the welfare of Italy, ani for consoli- dat'ng the union of tbe two nation?, who have some community in origin, principle, and destinies." It was necessary to make some sacrifice, a u d i have made tbat which was dearent to my heir*. R e - serving the vote of the people and the approbation of Parliament, and i eeervmg also, in regard to Switzer- land, the guaranty of her international rights, I hare concluded a treaty for the reunion of Savoy and the eurronnding territory of Nice with France." Tbe provinces o'f Amelia have been arranged as ut former tunes; but with Tuscany, who has her own laws and ber own rules, a special temporal provision was neceesary." For tbe 'firat period of legislation you will onlymorning of April 4.T4ie Australasian arrived at Liverpool on the morn-was in collision with the Shutemac to this port, andIn the House of Commons, March 31, the Incomeby 142to 117.In reply to Mr. Hennessy Lord John Russell said" N I C E , Sundaysecond French regiments of tbe line have arrived here,1,844,000.' ^LONDON CORN MARKET, April 2.—-Tae,market was.iteady at tb«-irnprovem<;nt of lant week.LlVElU'OOI.C'ORN AND BREAOSTUrKS MARKET, Aprilpated in the engagements contracted by France, who, Pr»K, and Beana were each beld for extreme rutea, which rather A SHABBY SHA VEIL—A Connecticiitlad named John in consideration oi the treaty of 1735, has. guaranteed checked »ale«. Indian Com found buyer* to a fair txtent oaI think ir, steep."told Id* story, and an officer was dispatched to the bar- ber shop, who recovered%i 88 of the ambunt.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'brOPENING OF THE SARDINIAN CHAMBERS— THE KING'S SPEECH. >TURIN, April 2.J—Hm Majesty entered the ball of the Senate amid indescribable applause, and delivered the following speech:" Tbe last time I opened Parliament, amid the troub- les of Italy and the dangere of tbe State, faith in divineWith respect to tbe Duchy of Parma and.Piacenzo, WMla 3.'/ </3i,. ,tbe treaty of the 10th Jane, 1817, concluded between LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—Beef uulet but Aubtria, France, Great Britain, Prussia, Russia, and Ktcady. Pork Arm , »ak-a of old at c.Ueme price*. B W u quiot.oi ijucca, iuoueun, x unoauy, oaraiuia, and Thus, then, the King of Sardinia, in accept-SARDINIA.LivEKi'oon COTTON MARKET, April 2 and 3.—The ^fswww.fultonhistory.com 