 > IOL.X.—WO.2^51. THE ELECriQN.Llocoln^t Done*COKJECTURES ABOUT THE CABINET.ftMkhiit'» PoMey to fce G»wv«tlTe —MiiuioB SNDted.IfettJ^lxrek ^EW-YORK,FRIDAY,NOVEMHER9, I860.SeuiiiBent of the Southgainff*Ibte of Feeling «i tbe Katknalby diiiens. Eloquent replies were madeadj^ra^ouffl elected, they wUl coll a Con^(MMbiehave two waysbefore as. in one ofwhich, wlietherIStates, byVnixpiH. Bbwabb Snioii CaxESSs 'KuiAirC, B1TS8emeutes, rebelUoot, with submission, iatbe beginutaw, to all, and at all tkates, and cenfi'-caiioa aad slavery iu the end. The other, it ia trae, has MadMeukiesandTbe Plata oa Foat Ib WasMascaa. From the Pennsylvanian,FOB UtnaKaBT OF TBE IHTBBIOB.pos- pledged newt» Liscoui. CoiuIderatieB may prevent any decided overt actJon .JtxLL ....... ireads the aews this moinloa—thatbe Ir now called on to decide for himself, his children, and tUs children'svihethtr he mil suJimitrmrmitcud •» account of hit haitUity to Aim and orwhttkirju Kill make a ttruggle to drftnd hit rights, kit inktrttmnce, and hit honor.A SECOND ARTICLE OH TBB SAME STBJECT. From tke Constitution, Xov. 8.the ancient rood way, and walk in It.''see which la theHe then referred to theS^IUILIB 0<A>aXt|Uf»i>iican majority in.ment in that State. All business in theDepartments, save tbe prepara-j^-J4Jiiy.iiii.;ij,ji^jpwrww^^"S??"mvI .J - jj-ii ..^Bpiippippiip^nispBpw^iP*HOW THE RESULT IS RECEIVED. BcHOBfitraiions and 8p«caUUiMi8 at templated.RiouKOin), Thursday, Nov. S—P. U. oftheState,asfarashea.-dfrom,organ-beanow.Disimioin.present,or underBocbaraji's Adminis.Cbxsn«t and BemAM. Mr. CBassori;!.fi,"TMvl^r"''' ?f"P'«8oith'c2oltoa.trBi5toFr«l«M« Ctvse tf Sostken FHeral MM-lltMers,honest auui and a patriot, butrInespondenij. £aroIto,,wfthttl^bS£Si these Stales; at firtt we found ^iSSStC«mntc>t8 of tbe Press tween and Philadelphiaorganizationthat he would be from far, very far,"*,V". aNortli and South.IBBRMIULELECTIMRETURNS.tfMA Siqpatch to ik* BTrw-Tork TIim*. SPBCianiu, ni., Thondaj, Nor. 8.willprobablyRepretemaiives of^ Georgia<he asrare the peonleTennessee, FOB 8BCBXTABT OF WAS.openright,CjmhibM. (XatFOB romiABT>R.OBMBBAI..Indiana.consent or the to meet the Istue on the authority of the very——yon. . . ,:KeatDcky.A Charleston mfrcbant told me to-day that his interests com- peted him to support the Union, and that a largeCHiJiDLBBFOB BICBETABT OF TBB KATT.Mmm KinoB Boris Virginia. FOB ATTOBHBT^jmKAL.bSBT WonxB Oatis Maryland. ttia haped that the Union Ckngressman will «Mtk with the Bepublicana, tbaa aecnring • tbe House o£ B^resenta-of these Slates will not exist on the 4£b ofThe eflect of the election on the people of this cityXr. Lnooui ia continually receiving applica- fiam Boothenwra for ofiee, and every trainto agitate, to disturb the peace and endanger the lives of Southern people.Capital.EoiinKi> BurriN spoke last night. He saidSouthern independence had been his life-longstudy, and he thought it couM only be aecored bytfa«aacaarioB«(6aathCaroUna, Bis ap«adi«iaBrapturoualy applauded. Other stirrini addtsMs^ f^^ _____ were "wade,as a representative of tbe people in the balls ro?i5?e"«x"Xiir^^s^'SSSiresignation of tbe Federal officers in Charleston, Bl^eealctioD is rife among prominent poUU- is not credited.spirited addresses.A dispatch in the Courier, fromPeace, hope, Independence, liberty, power, aad thewe go out first, there is some doubt whetheryoo willintimate with tbe President elect and tttetefore to be well-iDfonned aa to his eoarae. The compoeition of his Cabinet la freely canvasced, and the following are the»imr« meet prominently mentioned FOBSaCSKTARTOFRATE.The Governor of Georgia has issued a mesaagemaking numerous suggestions for Southern protec- tion, the protection of slaves and the enforcement of the Fugitive Slave law, but he does not advo- cate secession or disunion. He thinks a very criti-the of {he from which they light glorious past,tell might you that it Is a work that requires the courage andt:Kew-Tork. Pennaylvania. Virginia'.Vnitm art tntitltd toflag,andfiredasaluteoffifteenguns. ^ Vnifin; andthatIkefuturepolicyoftktFedtraiGov canforeshadoworperceive,buttheyarenotequalinand for South Georgia Carolinatofollow.to take thelead,Michigan.conservative body in the State agreed with him.about a Boston ship arriving in the harbor with the thinks the constitutioiuilTbb DiMABsa or tbe Caieia.—When we receivednow before the country. That issae now was:shallMarch nextMr. Lixoouf receiTea his thiiila freely at the Biacative rooma, but visitorBHMltallriMBt atnlaa.fbr a grand demon-iteallBB in Springfield, with illummations, a of this morning, has the followingFnpaiationBprogrese'poUtieians.Large majorities BJoes,cominginBtate goinghad passed laws making it criminal tn their own citizais to do that which the Constimtlonbill authorizing a tax of $200,000 to be raised tothe expense of arming the State, and giviag the Gov- ernor power to appoint two Commisaiooais tnm each county, withcoarseare inhim.In regard to secession, the Kichmond Ezammer, meet unjuat aggression and nnconstitational oaehatweeB p<rfHical parties, bot asoneoa ths Issueant events now and he came them transpiring, amongpowerto determine thea mass meeting and speeches.It is believed that Mr. Luicolh wUl be States. The attempt to coerce one will lead to aparties.cooaarvative, even at the risk, of offending Ms own generalrecommends the enactment of laws author-sporsibiUty which every public man In South Caroli- now this tax from the na should be to do. He spoke of the elec- collectingreelgnirg thtir podiiicns, saying that it is'Ko troops have recenrly posts,There are 70 counUee yet to bear from, which gaveprevailed.shortest notice. With thia preparatioo for defence and with all the hallowed memories of past achieve-Speech hy one of Mr. BncbaBaB's era.Carolhia and other SouthernSpeakerof the Houselaat.nigia re- event of Southwise, promptia sure lor the Bepublic&ns, and tbe Senate the disastrous catastrophe of war. We entreat all Georgia,perfectto tax them as she deems He have to meet. We have notclai.-nconstrue tbe Constitution of the country and admin- ister the Government in their own hands, not by the law of the Instrument itself, nor by those fathersIvful attempted tjbeenforced ia any maitreror shnpe.y(t>bably,whichinspiresconfidenceinthere- Virginianstopatanendtotheseangrypartisanpassagegoodsflection of Senator Tbcxbull. The State elec- flon is highly important also, in view of tbe effortsconflicts, and to take counsel as to the action they must pursue."can thwartongs Insuring ownblindccmtclencesandcrazybrain? Theycall unitarylaw.«f tbe Bepublicana to secure a (airao that a majority of the popular vote will give aExpreii,of the Old World and the of this. profligatessafety freely give buth0.,jR.Alaraa at ^^KsbiBctsB—Silence at Preatdent BaebuwB—GcB.I.wieKldlealaatbeIdea•f Secesaiao—No Reaicnations.yaaial Dispatch tq. tka Vsw Terk Tbnts. WiaBnaieir, Thursday, Nov. 8.There is evidently great alarm here at the fcaition of affairs in tbe South, tbe most serioushave thtir way."The Petersburgb BuUelin dissolved the Union gia,houranyer at defeat iuataioed. that we can look for that'prabaUH)^from tbe resignation •f Federal officers, particularly those connectedmight, and at the ballot-box demand their enactment.The attempt to distort our remarks mto a recommend- ation qf disunion it as unjust at the ejfort to hold othersour is In the language disreputable.diprecatfdtfficaity being apprehendedare on the brink of a revolution, of which noneof inSecretary War, company'^"^'ha^d"fcession is an ianputation upon the intelligence ofcompromiseof the election to tbe of a sec- rrcbabllity Presidencytest wa.uponus, andbut ".«^ostfitSouth," or any other quarter of the world, eiiept tothe Bouihetn Stales. humored as if defeat had not cratic Party.have been accustomed to give their candidatesand weI1A!:8 meetings IN SAVANNAH ANDCNIOM RKSOLnnONS ADOPrED. SAVuniB, Thursday,The mass of the citizens meetlr^gmeai-urcs which, if carried out, willstiny our equality In the Union, and ultimately reduceI am happy to announce thatdency.Nov. 8,dated deNpotism, to be governed bv a fixed majority in Congrefs hostile to our InsUtiitJoDS, and fatally benten ilio Tronbics Ib T'exoa aad UioBDiaB.of the wheels of thecey,corruptionto-nightremaininsession,andtaliesuchacUon ^'wr'^WAHM^'ofCamdem,resigna-Several have been arrested and severe punishmentmore than to the influence of the Slavery queatioo. SON waa chosen Pre.'iidenl, and CHiRLON H. Way, arise.Conn.to theiaae so—Our wliole population condemn thespeechdelivered there Gov. bynot even Cons. SecretaryWould that liad to meet its conse- by Capt. T. 8. Barton, seconded Col. IIenbt ronsequences, I would earnestly recommend that. Inoutragp per. patrated ea the Era. office by a few outlaws.;awaits them.Dispatoh to tbs Associated Press,Q.We, the citizens of tie County of Cliatbam,ing all party names and issues, cordially unite in the:apportionment,titute'They claim the dogmas of the Dclaration of Indepen- dence, as part of the Constltuliuo, and that it Is tbclr right and duty so to administer the Govenirnent a.s to give full effect to them. The people now mustchocso;act of ourof the Legislature. The present appor- which says :with Gov. 8rE-justlyJudge Douglas, had given him the future motto of the Southern States. Tosoon discharged every ingthe great of State Rights, and of pnncipU.He looks as calm and good- overtaken the Demo-exhausted,ofInevit^lyde-the result. In eromenwtitwhadsranwoatl. In spite of atnhys fnfpty lh?eats of 'Oot^LAS at Norfolk where he pan- defed to the Black BepubUcani, could not be pre-there is no proba- Federal Governmentand to tbewas the largest ever held here. Capf. John W. Anoeb-upon our Lejiislature a.swillpreparetheand J. D. TaAPSwiu., of effective efTortB.; asin- ma-whether they would be governed byaverted. But If that hope, so dear, so precious to of a brave man determine to live anj die as became cotton crop Is not yet paid for, and to tbe alarm ofcan say what the issue- may be. Let us hope for 4rith the collection of the revenue. The Collector the best."of responsible forsilent boui of the night we gave express! jn to the bon-of the port of Charleston has already tendered his ratlgnaticn, and the Department apprehends thatThe following I take from tbe Richmond En-of this date" It will be seen that the South Carolina Legis-lature is now in thethe Conatitutional of our country threatened with wrong and danger. R. BAiuiiisu,RiiiTi referred, In thrilling tones, » Hon.of bad faith to the other.community to a sorely ples:^ed by the curtailmenthis suboidinates will do likewise.being guiltyrapidly ilpening. They were not deadlone I" seems to be a with"tlie — puzzling questionAdminietration and, strange to say, Mr. Bu- CBAXAK still maintains an unbroken silence onAny violation of tbe compact relieves all parties.\ CoiDMBIJB, S. C. Nov. i, 1660. 1"withoutGist.EXIOmvI DtPAITMKNT,they have beenaccustomed toWhat's to betheir spirits,their example, called us to rite to the level of the riod. But wre woiild make one suggestion, wbich;but there is authority for » ithcut foundation.teers be immedlatrly accepted; th«t be ized and drilled officers nhosen they""" OOlee-haM.At the same r.nilroadabove. W. F. Coicocx, Esq., United States (>>UectorbeansenttoSouthern nor is any movement of this character con-______^_Tba FerHagiB tbe Sonth—The Seeeaaioa Sen-are bowcitizens io Johnson's^square.liberty and baued of tyrannycelebration referredBicDt Ib SBBib Carallna.I SpecialDispatchtotheVsw-TorkTlmea.BALTmeai, Thursday, Nov. &Members of tbe Brokers' Boaid here boddispatches to-day f«>m promhient parties in Southfor and assurances that thel^frcm Bouth Carolina. PnapeetattbeSMcariaaatSoatbOatwHaa cnrcBed.that Ifintended to do, ha fcedeved.States, which gtre will be no seeesaion or dla-Lefl'la'ure not taunicn attration, nor at any other time, unless overt acta are committed by Mr. Lixoouf.Ttis ezciteisesi ia cooling down in Yirgbia. The general 8«ntilB«nt is iniuTor af awaiting tbe iasne, and testing the RepnbUcan Admlmat^ttioa Tb6 a&me feeling gahia strength everywhere in Maryland with all parties.I have indirect information from Charleston, to tbe effect that the steamer Keyttont, running be-eorpabi tbeby spokeMessrs. in sub-ofontbe latter city to-day, waa met at the wharf by an delegatesef a corps>of"MintiteMen."by passingeicited crowd, and the captain waarequestedtoMessrs. BOTCX, BoKHAii andcall for a Convention and immediate action.with enthusiasm. The officials returned thanka in bam LiBcoLN has been elected President of thecided. Hesolemnly thought,in all human""nf/'f, ""*', °"' "f »''« Union her probability, WlU follow [.\pplaufeo We met onp^eNeutral in politics, the Petersburgbthis date, has the most sensible article ofofbroughtproperty,bnt we are no' willing *o tnrrender ap our rroperty, liberty and lives to an uneonstitDtieaalCbarleston,artivjug ]nunder the Influence of antke setting of to-morroui'asun, in all human probability, tke dtstmy of this Confederated Republic would be de-HiLLBDOBVULi, Ga., Thursday, Nov. 8. Got. Bbown, in a special message to tbe Legislature, thinks hut few States will meet tbe Southern Convention, and does not recommend There was some excitement in Charleston, to-day, the appointment of delegates from Georgia. HeAll knew the result. ThirteeoPalmetto flag flying. The people done to conciliate good will.it was W.have been violatedholding States to tbe extent of justifying, in the judgment of civilized nations, tbe adoption of any measures necessary for the restoration or the futurethe Issue that had beenby Carolinians t (Cries, "Yes! yes! V'j This cov-«icd all which now press for immediate so- questionslution. ThatItIsthesettledpurposeoftheNorth-ern States and vrlU of Congress under rule of theBlack to them in all cases Republican Party governwbatsoever, in vioiatlonof tbe Conatitutlon and with- out their consent, was apparent from the past con-duct in their multiform claims, arrogant pretensionsTbe 8cattBi«Bt ia TirclBla—CaianeBta sf tbe Prcaa—N* Pr«baUllt7 mt Amy MBveawBt (•wards Beeeaalaa.Special Diapaleh to tbe Ifaw-Tark Tlmsa.authorized a to Gov. triegram"The idea of eeceesion is scouted here by sll the Union will at once prevent any reunion of the izingpartisan success or personal Interests. The crisis bat come. A sectloual majority of theparade,The denial .of therightofany State to leavemeasurablymoney North have proDounced judgraeut, and we have al- tion of a Black Republican Speaker, of the Dem.> In that Statepoor aad rich aliie and a portion of the citizens of Madisonand that he will administer the Government wllkont regard to his election by our section.the issue, Is to mils- crimlntUlyBut Ihe now was would tbe South sub-party,It is best that the men of theLet no man think that he or his State can lie idle and avoid this approaching conflict. Fi rm, The Btate returns Indicate tliat tbe lower House resolute and action can alone avertpublic opinion.RicBKOas, Va.,Nov. 8. for Bbbokuc-forearnestlyand give oontmued peaee and happlaess to the coun-try, aad we deplore withTaxatlan far DlaaBlaa Restated la Alabaaa.areand two to one is bet on tbecivil war, and that onceman can pretend to guess at its direction or its re-regard danger citizens of Georgia. Be recommends resist tbe evidence of our senses. To mis-state, orsults.mtjorityMcaa ent is un&*«rable to the Republicansatancfd in 1868, when Mr. Limooln received a.jority over Mr. Docolab, but failed to aecure the Statesmen and patriots must now come forward erties and properties of the citizens of the Legialatnre. Mr. LixcoLS appears to take more and take cousel together upon public affairs. This States where such unfriendly laws exist. He interest in tbe State retnms than in his own suc- is no time for heartless politicians and crazy fanat- says, in my opinion the tune for bold andcal horizon Is now apparently bounded on all sides dark and lowering clouds, portentous of coining tem-The FiDBBclal 8triB|;«Bcy. The Charleston Courier attributes the"dropmetsphor, the people must now con-Should suchtual, he recommends the repeal of all parts of thebyTosider what iheir interests and welfare require themsupposedbyHe refera to tbe patrioticin the origin of our GoTenunent, and traya the series of imconstitutional and unfriendlyacts. Subsequently be is pointedly severe on Maasacbuaetta laws, and aaya if tbe laws of Mas-sachusetts cause plunder f^om Georgia citizens,Thursday,under the therein,and the faith:tlmatlrn of every sincere patriot, transcended im- in the way of counsel, andthe re- coln election. The tax-gatherers of Alabama aiecommenced,nolina BascKiNRiDCX and La5e with a feivlegislation prove ineffec- to do in a criris big with tbe fate of the Republic- penal and civil code, protecting the lives, lib-ics and Infuriated dedaimers to be permittadto decided action baa arrived, and he la un-worthy tbe confidence of tbe people of Geor-who refuses to vindicate her at power anyof heated exultation at a or of plated, to withdraw them, ft was their only safety. victory won, Mr. C. favored separate StaU atttan, saying the restmarks in conclusion :" The election of Liacaui will, in allthe two "paragraphs:jtiircr:in tbe of the measures which were now so inclpiencvsomewhat look, are, nevertkcleM,callingby those who deny the sovereignty of the States.Gentlemen cftke Senate and House of tttpreientativei :messageany member of his Cabinet. In Cabinet meeting result none but He who watches over the desti- legislation concludes thus : For the purpose of— even the anbject notexpressing an opinion topursue(.'cnt shall be appointedon the next after the ruled the North, or whether we would, like men Tuesday bySeatlBirBt IbThe UbIob TirglBla.to-m<aTOW it ia anticipated that he will indicate nies of the world, and thua far has vouchsafed to puttingtbe Btate in a defensive condition as fast aswithbyseparateof of the threatening aspect of affairs, and the strong cieased with the necessity for "»«";='''« „J''!f.?""and fairlyyielded him the hearty and zealous support theyI— he would have rallied to his standard a host that would have borne him triumphantly into the Presi- To the Breckinridgeltes, led on by Yan- of the Buchanan Ad- miniatration, we attribute tbe election of Lincoln,reply:iatothesupportdhchargethotehfr as a member of the Union, and eaca as every civ-they onlybut these will fall upon the country andin response to selres the mode and measure of redress. My own remarksquencesupon each individual citizen. We pray heavenIn regard to the recentInthat the country and they may pass them un- BCathed !"of what the Convention should do are of lit- tbe following:Mr.tor of the lirpublican, in a card in his paper, aaya foUowing resoluUoQBIgnor-Glass, Postmaster of Lynchburgh, and Edi-express Ms opinionsIunmlelakable language, roan can feel more•he will not bold oiBceITumerous letters, from respectable sources, term, and if tny Lincolnite wants it he can United States ought not and will not be nubmltted to. declared that she has the right, peaceably, toits.ecede,WASaixsToif, Thiu-sday, Nov. 6.any longer than Buchanah'S u» m the Preridency andof the Federal Union.The Statehas,greatwhich acontinue to be received by the Administration, have it by saying «o.- Tlicre arepunished.of said—and upon a proper occasion. (Great applause that there werecommunicating statements respecting the con-dition of affairs in the Sooth, and asserting that,according to present indications. South Carolinahas l)eenRepresentailiescom- th« Governor Ui caUlnaMayor thinkingcertahily secede from theout to the letter,PryorinjuredwasUnion. Asand therefore no course ofin tbeLiKCOLK'B election hasunclouded possession of his greatfacuUlea But iletter had^»illthere has been no formal consideration of theand effects were belnaEightkragt.^ ?yet,regardless execution. I•he shortest. X^tolval, That copies of the foregoing resolution Xrery BMP tn ths State, betwesn tba i(as of dghteea organize that Court.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•object in theaction, in view of such a•<*<'I>ted, Notwithstanding the reserve of Cabinet in case LiKCOUi doee cot conmit an overt act, i;that wt all threats made !o re- It has said it will adhereCabinet,4. Rtiolvti,Lenlliatiire to take Immediate steps to organise andAnd, moreover, indifference uponcontingency,Ifarm <>" forces of the State. , .of l[oTobkuwniJtehrscalm applause.]onwho would take it. The much talked ofand Aldermen of the one timeInmencedyesterday. encampment.Therewho wereandfrom what I can;[Concluded;aboutsovereign people, opinions are about divided.gathersecession from theThat we suggest to the respectfullyCavalryencampment fifteen companiesto determine on the mode and meafure ofredres'.S Rfiolvei, That we respectfully reoommend the Leilelature to take Into Immediate consideration thedecision of the Convention,mav be the and ameiiraebplresetnotinogdayiDBton our venerable leader, In the enjoyment of bet^ter health than he has had for many years, and in thearethe sovereignty admiilstratlon, he carriedDutch,News from for.''yof Georgia was raised this af-Penr»,.d a|general preparation. I wouki also iLR n ore. 1 feel, however, the com .Iiimer,."!2. 'i*^-Lktcbkk a majority of 325.ftlB safely of our homes and firesides, we can obnfi- < eiitly appeal to the of all human events.from igan, Maine,considered,u-tse ; that the and them to the des-repealed.enemies ora blight will yet appear and the danger be ern themselves. For himself be would unfurl the spot Palmetto flag, fing it to tiie b'-eexe, and with the spiritcost,andmaintainherConstitutionalrightsatHe believes the legislation recom-belowWith this number of tbe paper tbe publication the ties of the Union of the States. It willculty.Ifadjustmentt>e Itwillnotbefoundposterity,andtheGodofJusticewouldstandbytheir dentmen,therefore-sotoshapetheircourseastothismorning,butindoingsodissolveditself. Vidtevery hazard.mended will tend to strengthen rather than weakenpossible.Is force, nor in precipitate .'acts of hostility. It willbe found in the statesmanship, and sagaci- patriotism,— andtrustinGod. In their side perilall, pasttimes,altars bad tieen altars to a well-ordered and enlight- ened liberty ; It behoved them to rescue their liMidmeet tbe shock with as much aal jw lit- preparationtle at i-take as Thi^ has led to the shorten- ixissible.cf the BullcltR will be discontinued for the present sectionalTbe Federal Union in effect no longer exists. It to a contest between individual States.destroy the issuepermit,spy sacrifice rather tbun destroy a Union and institu • tlODS which have been the soun^of so much hap- piness, so much prosperity, and which, if preserved,and resolve upon the great event, and Ifthtymoney too. Itis tbe period when we wrill be out ofwas virtually dissolved last Tuesday, by the elec- if thetion of a Black Bepublican to the Presidency. We mends that tbeHe saysSulke lor the green graves of your sires, God and Gen. BoHBAS followed In a spirited addrees,in whichdebt to them, and'lt would be oest that we shonld not have an account more than square. Our crops are comii'g rapiaiv fui ward, and are bringing good prices.South CaroUno istofl;e foiirt and to our venerable senior It w'ni rf'^ 'oTliC votegives Breckinbidgk a majority of 2,065.by by thentsclveii, aolThere isfrsmIkeGavernorBfCicerKia—N«illsvo electionofLincoln.Weareallwidtingtohea Alargeandenthusiasticmeetingwasheldto- -Disposertafely trust our cause in llis keepingWM. H. GIST.for Itc port of Charleston, rcsponderl to aplimentary to SouthilneBr^oC crBcrally Fapalar—lUeaaageverylittleexcitement now about theAoaosTA,Ga., Thursday, Nov. aI;Iaad—they asked that fhe d«es mt.nd to secedefro^ the Unim (Or^AerlaaattbeFederal OfleehaMcra, &e.ATOBADAMS AND •TBIltS.The CouvBiA, 8. C, Thursday, N«t. 8.CBBSNDT,B. BABNWEU.(8. €.,) Monday, Nor. S, 18M.controversy,and narrow downLegislature peoplelaws, should rise in theirthe of human tobeyond power Imagination conceive. beour righu, we shouldThea committed tlopalcandidate,by partyno«|h.gCoiistltuiIoQal on obligationsrestingI<ecl«latare—Wraigaet Gr*M WMa-Awaha PeaiaaawadaB ta beMad*BBXIT, GOT.Theceived a dispatch frtmi Virginia, tendering the ser-paalalDlvatoktaAsITaw-TorkTlmaa. - HAamaa, Thursday, Nov. 8.CBBSNtrr,Eep- BoaaAH.and tome membereof the Gen-|1u '.?"'•'feeththeyWlUvotefor"' ElectoST^vices of a volunteer Carolina's secession.At a large and enthueiastte meeting of theoriglBal Wide-Awakea, held thia evening, it waadecided to make the Btate demonatration on Wed- He thanked them for the cordiality with which nesday evenhig, Kov. 14, to which every Wlde- they had received him. Often be had spokenlkno«w?n»>t,hJaJt LI*r*s'c"r'i'R,"i's*'EfforU were made yesterday in tbeto wait for Sonthem coopeiatiOD, but iaBed. A State Conrmium it to he tailed. The election ofbe ordered on the 4th of December, and the Convention meet on tbe 17tb.unmanlydespair. Before^CBAausTON, Thursday, Nov. 8. A large body of cltlzeiu called on the resignedlines of our enemiesSatorrtav) that if sbe goes out of Uiesays secession.The bark James Gray, owned by Cdsbino'sBoston Line, at our wharves, under instruc- lyingrekindle the dving blaze of their own altars.witdemof Whfp vruwork 'hat is worthy of you. If you undertake It. pre-tions from her owners, has hoisted the PalmettoI tell you the best plan iysofuorofalawtaxingResolved,Thatwerec-imDiendtoallcitlxensaDd/ree- ca:edwbatcourseorpolicytheSouthoughttopur- ofthecountiy,orbythepracticesofthoseadminis- rcenoftheStateofAlabamatodoasivehavedone—:alte sue VI lib a view to redieeslni; her or tered seventy years ago, but by rules drawn from their H bold and legal stand against the enforcea^nt of thisadvisesthemerchandise twenty-five per centum introduced after the let of January, if manufactured in, orandMassachusetts, Vermont, Mi<:h- Hhode Island, New-Tork, Wis- any, ccnsin or other unfriendly States, and the tax to be remitted when the unfriendly legislation isfails to enact"now stand on our arms."s^tUeanxiouslyThe cclonial fladterncon on Green'sin tbe pr^^ ence of an immensedresses were made, and great excitementCi pt. BABtOW, Col. JioaaoH, Mayor Jo.ves, andIn addition to thisreocmnifrd that the services of ten thousand volun-WUtyaSotping at thla point in consequence oftions. Many promised to resign, but none have Yakcet and Bdcbanan have done the deed. Secretary. The following resolutions were moved be obtained on a question involving such momentous At a railroad celebration In Savannah, Ga., on lowing skct. I. 01 abyR. Jackson, and supported in au eloquent and pa-triotic speech by Hon. W. Law Bell, Elector of the Stale at Large, and were adopted unanimously with great enthusiasm.a toastMa-MAToa: As one of your constituents, I thank l>e, should you for havirg brought togethertshoe many ofoctcheasiclotnl.-am xens of South Carolina upon presentHOCRTOS;"proper.attempted to sug- gettwhatthatconductoughttobe,norhaveweinJl-lookedIplau-begbe excStld*',"*^"'"-Legialaturafollowand sustainSoutk Carolina.^rHeWashington,opinionas to the eventful restilt of mouthers, still In the rear of this procession there isGovernment and build I up another.equality in thtcal moment is at hand, requiring great wisdom, Jameb Conreb, District-Attorney, has re- tmment akaU be bated on active deadly hostility to the magnitude. One is beset with hunuliatlon, dishonor,forbearance, &c., to prevent the disruption of the Confederacy,and thf insufferable encroaclunents on sacrt4 Southern rights.Bofaraa Southern feeling canbeasasitained, there is a positive division of opmion amongst the people of the Cotton States on the absorbing qnes- tion of disunion and secession.signed. Misers. Colcook, Collector, and Jacobs, Depaty-CoUector, have notified the Presidsnt of their reaignatlns.MeasBge af the OsTenMr at Georgia—Be Oa«a Nat AffwUTa aT CalliBc a Saathera CoBreBtioB—laapartaat ReeaiBBieBdatlaBa.SmUkandher inititulions. What tbe effect of that verdlat, immediate or ultimate, will be, we do notin the land< We can understand the effect along the path. Hope beckons you at the end. BeforeGeorgiaprotection of their rigbta.decided by that pet^le of the Northern States, and the manner In which that action was like-spiritpor-tion of the annual reports for Congress, is about eus- They had broken their 'that Btate must be compelled tocompeosataenjoins as a duty. DeepsoUcttude was felt here andrightsofpeople tbe United States from the 4th of next March, we Never." Never."! Or shall Carolina begovemed sameof theseveral non-slave-they believing yeatnJarIto-day. learn that the'otbera,totoast com-they\aibe(ffieers, it is known that, on the rfistlnctlve le;.' is rtt to the people, the Union men will be largely le rent without delay to our Senaiors and Reprewnta- and fi.rtj-five, should be well armed with the most to and if it Is rot ~of Ftceps ion, they do not all agree. This .'n thernforred. it niii _ , .quosticndifference among ihe.n has revived the rumor t'l tBecretarics Cobb and TnoiiraoN are on the eve ofmajority.tlves In-Uie General Assembly of tne who are Stat«,' "• whI'i.c^hl'.I"'a"r"e"*^ffCrlent weapons of modern warfare, and all the available means of the Slate used for that purpose.:thry have not calledupon ihe nr,.,^.^•'eca-ise»•«''»aoy reFpeetirely memlwrs.bef»re the Iloojea ofAlrake Bepublican Club of the State ia invited. of the and Legislature,fievciA conpaiflea from other States will alao be ^somedmes in primary as- sembles, but always with the eamestsen and convic--" 1hey will," and appUu^J We h^^e^*!^"^ tn South>Nevr.OrIei Nsw-OBLaANt, Tkursclay, Nov, 8.divisions ofpressed upon blm. If he did not speak to them with ""f /,')«' Srcund to hope that tketeatJZFsr»aaisa a/MI«fete9(eBPlacards are posted about tbe city ealliikg i.obligationssentiment; but now t belim\^Convention of those favorable to theratrrolZl^nal, t}<hat,•^«»«' of Sooth joint resolution declarinir that the60CTHSRN SENTIMENT.^l,'"l'^^"''"i"^!""* '"'«>*'''(' sentiments of h^peopleWe tee it all—know it all—feel it all. It was evident we had apparently overwhelming majority, have rendered ariived at the iDitial point of a new departure. Wedefeat. Tbe of the Northern peoplethe bravest and most Intelligentantheir verdict on an Issue fully made up, and after full deliberation, and that verdict says that tkey dmy thatpeople. rilsfolve this Crlon. yon will undertake aJtftttn'Ctate* cfthtWe see in the immediate futuregloom and stoim, and much to chill the heart ofevery trials, but no disarace. Hope, duty and honor ahineWASHiaoToit. Nov. 7. Wednesday.1 could startle you with infermation tbd'IIntnut 10 prophesy.pa'riotthat.willbeproducedineverySoutbemmildwhenbe dfCialBg,consider well the aodent and sacredmaxim,sess iu regard to the men who arechildren,tamelytothe rule of kit,until Liscoui's inaugurationbut the latter threshold ofhisyiU'-Kngtandersthe indisputable evidence early yesterday morning tution, without their consent—bind Carolina and deter-that AaaABAM Liiicoln had been elected President of the in all cotes, whatsoever? [Cries of v*'tinefor •• peopleis The very strong.anticipations of the slave popnl^slated brieflyofa ofthe actico majorityare believed to becourse with free negroes and disguised Abolltioaiata.to be viewed by the people of the South.We have watched the progress of the contest withcareand solicitude. Wewereenabled anxious deepprettygenerallyeorruntedbyInter- A distinguished military man now in this city haslyGist, of South Caroli- na, tendering bis sword m aid of a aecesslon move-We only htype that course and and claim thecool and us inferiors, semi-civlllzed barbarians,and rxcitifnent. and take counsel only from their sense ofjustice, their honor, and that patriotism which every trvf-hiarted American mutt frel.We are not without hope that, although the politi-fflst,her safety.Ri sclr^d. That when our State requires rsarand Mves in de'ence of what we may consider her booor ai d the of her citizens and their w* willpolicy u illprtwertybe wellmtn u-ho u.'ill have to act %mll discard pasatmi, anger right to possess our lands to giveThe Governor entertains no doubt of theeach Btate to decide to act for herself. So long aa al ei-t impulses of a heart full of sympathy with a secUon bined Southern movement, that would inevitably be gitimate purpohcs of trade.the States abiae in faith goodengaged considering question The light of secession for cause was onlv dfeniedgreat duty before ut. That duty he had long coun- H ems to us apparent, and that it, that our bisloexs seled It was to escape the fanaticism, the injustice, accustomed to too entirelvona Btate Convention with the view of measures for seceding from the Union and arming tbe Btate. Other States will doubtlessof adoptingmen baie been relytbe greed, and the thameless eSrontery of our foes, Bank farilitles for their permanent capital, ant en-Thea similar course. What will be the final Uvo pages. A full review of offensive NorthernThe Act of Congress, passed in the year 1846, by taking our destiny Into our bands. The question ploy too little of their own means in their business." enacts Ihat the Electors of President and Vice Presl- to be decided was, whether we would submit to befills oc- twenty-two closely printedrightnecessaryI'he commeicial of this city, althoughbyobligations, no State can withdraw from the Union Treaaan ia 8«nth CareHna—Meeaage at Gov. to the illustrtous deceased, with whom he had acted grea'er extent than usual of those faeUiie^ to wluctiin which they are to be appointed.hia views. A rumor current on the street this us peace, prosperity and happiness, can foretell. poaaible, and preparing for tbe emergency which meeting of the Legislature of South Carolina, by a fast by right and duty. South Carolina bad a history among others, were adopted : "Let usis the evil thereofsufficient for thehopedayfor the beat' ;must be met sooner or later, he recommends thatimmedistcly ap- propriated as a military fund for the ensuing year, and prompt provision made for raising such por- tion of the money as may not be in the Treasury,is so Inst. I have considered V had nurtured a people brave, IntelllgenL of immacu- hitcled to the Southern Statos that they can dragthat the President had already deter- I raiacd to isane a proclamation, has no foundation fai troth, aa I learn from reliable authority.Qen. Lahb, who ridicules the idea of secession 01 disunion, had a long interview this morning withtheTEiis. The General claims that a suspicion of se- the nomination to which he was entitled, and bad demand for further concesaion orftisilh Monday is Novembermorning,"the sum of a million of dollara belate honor, of unsullied integrity. Sbe was to thisher Into a common destiny with them, no mUtor whttis afouluna aspersion Commonwealth,a gross insult to her people.liisolvid, 1 hat we veiUy beheve that nint-ttnths ofThe Itichmond Whig, speaking of the result, says:people."—constitutional provision, wlU not take place until the —had bred a noble race of statesmen and patriots- Hesoli ed. That the allegation that Virginia"It now seems to ue clear, too, that if the Dem- as fast as theMillions dent to which this Sute is entitled.Ex-Gov. Adams showed that every class of ourpeople were equally and vitally interested in the de- tkf peojjt (f this State unll be opposed to resisting theocratic Convention at Charleston had dealtUnder ordinaryyour duty(i'nertil Govemmtr.t,longpublic expenditure require.for defence, not one cent for tribute, should becircumstanceswas. to try the viriiieas it be admiHistered mayfirst Mondavof the month of November, of the year and freemen, resolve to-govem ourselves. Mr. RiarrThe annualAtof the citizens of Virginia,myduty,undertheauthorityconferreduponme,to convene the Legislature on extraordinary occasions, to convrne you that you may, on to-morrow, appoint the number of Electors of President and Vice Presi-cotmtiy what Athens had been to Greece,andsheherItmay be the dejirc ofon this noble oldCHlumay andcould be the election of Electors represent- the choice of the people of the State, but in viewcision of this matter. His advicetoin conformity to the (Constitution, and the common bene-argumentAC0U3TA;"-DIS- the Southern States to mere provinces of a consoli- rfi.^e. of force their1. Ritolvtd, That the election of Liscols and Hah- i^dsmint. is the secession of tiouth Carolini from theofof this bottle piolsnnVicc-Preeilencynow, 2. Ruolved, That we request tne Leglsl iture to an-plentyIhat wereAs to the had been reported atof others nounce this opinion by resolution, at the earliest prac-ticable moment, to coomiunlcate to our Senators and of the lessons of history, the Government thehouse-bumlngE.it fourteenpassaee of scchbeen confirmed, and unufual embarrassinent of commercialanyof the ofimrhaiardssurroundwill to and to tbe respected Mayor say yourselves,and Aldermen of the of Charleston present, that Citywhat that Court hat deUrmined she nuans to enforce.itsruin, I would tllat the respectfully suggestGot. HoBstoBfoUowcd in'That an expo^tlon of the will of tbe people may Hpccch from a Jndce af the SBpreaKiIn Congress, aad to coapcrate with United States should attempt coercion, ir inU become I am to thank you,Mr.laws as win be Ukelv to alleviateinterestsSlate conMonent upon tbe present poUUcal emergency.may; our landsUntitled DocuWhatment,.that wniild also respectfullyitsrecommend thoroughre-State foranyemergencythatmay thiscity,A corre?pondcnt of the Galveston IVeict, writing from Independence, Texas, on the 21st, gives the fol-complimentary idency, a Convention of th€ p.opie of this .State be im- Supreme Court of the United States aad to Cnief-Jus- mediately called, to consider and determine for thz-m- tice Tasxt, Judge Watbs, one of the Judges, madethe the event of Ashaham Lmcoui's election to the Pres- 2d,raid and incen'liarism he said it had been exaggerated and misreine-opinionstle momentwhen every one, however humble he maywho had some time since sent a certainThefact was. there had be—en but one white flWA kiM—^ in Texas for incendiarism HiJUmoiv, of Henderson;but, believingthat tSie time has arrivedeballaage.Inconstrained to say that the onlv allimative Irfl,m myin their society than I pleasure ofdo, and none can congratulate the communitiesa orranlratlon of the mUlUa, so as to place tbe whole mUltiitT Mice of the State hi a poeition to be uaed at noUce and with the greatest eiBciency.la vahOB,Ie. ] IMonument, Johnson's square,multitude. Ad- holdfhemfelvesinreadinesstobecalledonuponthereculiariy gratifying, t-^pplause.jn.ents with cur love of addressinganiounencecrowdof andwlihtheknowledgethatweareoontendtnitforIi'.IiI'IIg night for the formation of a club of minute men. Bpitit d addresses were made, and a large numberspeaking 1dm what South CaroUnataaBartfari.C«i«MiiA,serenade waa given to Senator,DrtBOBatratlaB at tbe Cayltal at Soath Cara- liaa. rcBLioMBEnneatColombia—bpebobbsbtben-thanks, andRepublican Party, he went on tostance as follows;tion whieh bseaaM aanever had he spoken to tbe ear of his countrymen with that deep tense of the which nowtbeKUTTurge Caaiawata at the ExecatlTC Orgaa an tbe that the Kepubliean Party of this country would tri- met on Wednesday. On Monday!^;lower his colors, which he did. This seemsdoubtful. No prominent citizens participated.The South Carclina Legislature has done noth-ing definite yet regarding secession. The rumored Federal officers last night. They were greeted are forced to the lamentable conclusion that Abba- laths of these starched men of livery the years, and have not yet o'ltalned what wre want IfElcctlSBatUaeala. Trtm the Coiutitutkm, Ilov.7.umpheiit. In that event, tbehctm to be closing around us, but tber mustperover(wewill receivethe onUnited States from the 4th of next March. of sovereign States may be draped aa chief prosperityfend the message to us. It Is no easT matter t<fWa declare thisBuCBAHAN will resist nulliiication, but not yetteiday with sorrow which has no source In partydown one pallto judge, separated as we have been from the excitedcoateslantsof both sections, with calmness and un- tbe formation of Societies they nave continued pended,bitterhaa been rejected, and that ths present crisis has been;perndttedto occur. We knew what vast intereststhem. He advises repriaala, aad aaya, let ua were invalved io the atruggle. We regarded It not aa throughout South CaroHoa as to the great and Import-State legislation with just retaliation. He of which depended contlderatlons, which, In the es* to take his share ofthe seizing of such amount ofpreparedor property of any citizen of such offending and crallc 1 ready staled now the men of tbe South will be likelyaorrow that our advicepropertydelHyto rend aMinder which, the true menfaithless State for indemnifying the losses of the to that decision. To ignore tbe is to had been separated from the untrue. South Caro- resolved to resl^t its collection. Here are their reso-legislation rather toto drive the manufactured articles of such understate,ing States from Georgia.as they may be, squarely in the face, and guide ttielr right, as soon as Northern goods are brought into future conduct with a knowledge of the casetrue men of the Northbyherside.offend- leadHe says Georgia has the North ard of^ibe South should look the facts, startlingquestionnot,; If stand still cer >ouare certain to meet death.Republican Congress, which willthe right too 'evrry friend of this country and its institutions. Is to our glorious ancestors, and ring the clarion notes of numbers of citizens of be reaUxed, It Is not by the continuance of the taonto, largeSouthern States in Eu-feeUng,hope and addresstngthem Slate*• l^in'^ture meet, onwhich oncloadedu^illthat «X»llatiOB «fan undoubted procpcrity alone can inspire, he trustedin the election of Liroolh as Presi-Wednesday send a mesaeik-Union, Georgia wUI stand beside her. We do not want From the returns which have reached us we be broken. They might see in the hurried to tale the fl'st step. We have waited ten. twentrlUheral cortege of the Constitution of tbe country.you go out first, it Is certain that we will join too Ifwe must tread in the event of tois ; for,lare for If danger.yon advance yon wlU meet dan-we wlU orUsue, there would be no repose. In both lie dangers, difficulties and troubles, which no human foresight" Standfearless conduct of the American Colonies elgMy-fivesubmit to tbe of inaugurationway—when the British undertook to Mnd themyears ago,down without theirBritish Constitution.free and Indmcndent States were ushered into the family of nations He alluded to the insignificant cau! es of that Revolution, as compared with the Issue;—avowed toithmU the Consti- enemies,and avowed intention. For years, under fortybiased observation. We have endeavoredand feilhfnlly to counsel that action on the part ofthe VI hole people which we felt would allay the strife omatdhse, bCyonsteidtuctinong, and keeppilnigghStoeudthern Last Winter the Alabama Legislature passed athreats, and boasted possession of superior numerical defiance in the ears of an insolentfoe. Hethenspoka rope and in the Northern States. These travelers it of the undoubted right to withdraw their delegatedstrength on the one side, nor by hasty, pas.<^ionate and pow era. and It was their duty. In the event contem- estimates spend annually $300,000, The Caurtcr re-inconsiderate action on the other. It is not la thewouldflocktoourstandard. Theyshouldbejusttowisdom and coolness n hlch alone can devise a suc- in destroyConfederatiaB. IfIt does It nut,.thecessful adjustment of the present roomentoos diffi- thenuelves,^ just to the great cause hand, just to will certainly shake it to Its centre. It become* pru-ty of the American people, who. If honor and safetywill will use every exertion and consent to from the relentless foe, putof tbe time on which drafts would be taken on Northern acceptors. In case of difilculty, it woaid le better ttiat should nut have the cotton and me"be recom- promise to our country a career of power and wealth your native land." ,aside all minor conse-quences, and tbeir fireside". tiue, stilke for their altarsingNoand two negroes:andthere never had been a vial orState action. His falthln the d.wtrine-rf all the Statet.Ke.iolred, That Virginia owes no " duty to tbeto the presenrcov •ilized community owes to every otherfrom w batcvcr quarter they may be aftsoiled.with unanimity, Charleston and Savannah upon the completionenterprise more than I do. The forbearancejudicial and that w-Ill be 1and no power on earth can rlghtftiUy preventIf In the exercise of arbitrary power and forgetful ing much that I would otherwise say,of the Supreme people, our soU»n wha'eyer of the United States. This week I left in Wa«h-a Convention of the dutv to meet force by forces and Cityof Savannah, forshanty or shed in the outskirts of tbe city htirnelbe accounted Tor the burning of that by the careless-of the State,esithiT tribunal, It shall, during the reraahider of mynets of thethere at the time.He 'aid that thisgr« ally injuring our coun'ryloungingofficer must obterve will restrain me from say- that the others,pimlsbed,wereunju^ygov-present scarcity of money in the South to tbe fict that the^MiPlliPililppipiiipilli^Aresentatlveeral Assembly, this evening, over one thousand ihe'c oSf^^.h.' f session. As soon as U iitomeettheiragentsandoontrlboteMahamMeailte whichtheStateshouldtakeiatbeavaatefthaUa-any,andlutionsRtiolrrd, That we, as freemen, abhor the MIHtarr Lawpasttd h> our and nnw,iD this pablic bmb- L«giKlattire.ner. ti, noitnre Ihe laic as unconstitutional. and tubverncesupported:who standmit to a Blark Republican President and a Blackdelay mthe assertion of tke separate se- Both the North and Europe must have our cotton, cfsswn of the State of South Carotmafrom the Federal and if we will not take their p per they will bring ns Vnton in the contingency qf LincoMs eUction. Hei their money i-and the Banks will soon be in a oonil- action would. In his judgment, lie the signal of a con- tion to extend all the facilities for tae le-crowned with brilliant micccss.;as soundandreliab^,at thisdme,as atany other pe-a recentsoil, and in any event called upon the country to stand in Rockbridge County, the following resolutions,veiy happily ridiculed tlu idea of any invaMion of 3urmeetingowedher in this sovereigntyIt to herself togreat crisis in behalf of regulated liberty.interpose.1',i'^^7i^7JS"' "."n" •*"'"',""lor Mr. BccHABASai.d intolerantLegislatnrt.presentCarolina. Afterof thenor the son of ayo,"|o remember that it Is only my own lS»l<iSopinionOur ^Legislature meetson the sS ofN^JSJ:prnohet;but I know tWs:aSl t^'is defined A^ila- Istratlon. As there are no more elections to aOect.people may begin to believe, presently. I asmreof my belief, founded on good reasons, that the Uniontlon are not less noticeable, that they were to be freedimpression prevailed among the negroee of Georgetown and Alexandria. Tbe slaves In r*< (iwruCounty,together,solaBUiJy;Ala., have assembledfourlibtrltfs nyfrtemm.Rt..ohetl. 7 bet ic u-ilt reeift thisr/ifdn*. let it be militiry tOM by aUanh1erthat she has the ability and resoluti<m to aiointain rights,Texas, of 'that man sented by tbe lettersoftbe brother, be .'aid. of Rooia A. PaToa, of Tlrgiita,retnmhig his coming triumph of thefound in tbe of— possession anyother negroes In this Sta'e thus intimating very clearlyhouses bumei Court the City of AOsttn, when in fact, there was only afeltpttaons from other States were afraid to imiaigiataeverywheredepreciatingsay"»you couUl impart confldewe to mvassuring South CaroUna me'sage"y-Paioa,Dallas,':and sro^dng; MSHIwww.fultonhistory.com 