 6NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.1 INTlt\ATJ A M B SVnUlTO O I D O IWT^IR.AT DB B I I i T T ,itl9AJit Bal **** "*nel ftf t w othe electoral vote cculd b e divided between Bell, Douglas and Breckinridge, according to the proportion of the electoral tickets cast headed with their respective names.nam.Mm*-ml hfmma mil! btatf**had boen made ont of Park material. The erid?^ •showing plainly that thf>s* that have ***** raiwn* theontrrragainsttheromm'^^opersarethep<r- aon« tha' hare b«»en trying to appropriate the Park materials for,their own use.In this second protest the President repeats tween two great parties, it is to be a sort of gue- undertaken admits that he has been disappointedorroftAKDnuKraoro&.from Panama. T h e community o f S a n of New York for President, in 1856. wa«: -terest t o t h e whole world, although, from much trouble—having no more favors to ask of by the application of our scientific and mechani- was the '-lalla Rookh" burlesque, altered t o suit this presentappearances,itisnotlikelytoresultinit,andnothingmoretofearfromit,norfromcalknowledgetothenaturalresourcesofJa-localitybyMr.MortimerThomson.ThepiecewasaE.ICFranciscowassomewhatexcitedbyreportsForrYemont,republican278,007 195!s78 124.604596,489c! anticipated Indian outbreaks, and precautionaryneaaures were being taken. The British BountiaryCommissioners were movjng u p th e Columbianver. The American party had left Ccriville. A d -vices from Japan to t*e 3d of May had reachedFor Buchanan, democratFor Fillmore, Know NothingTotal popular votea general war, us England and France have had thegoodsense tokeep outoftheItalian complications.•I••III!II ....————*————^PARTTSAV POI.ITKXKHS.—One can"t help beingany other party—Mr. Buchanan is free to pursue hisowncoursefortheremnantofhisterm.On its expiration be will return to Wheatland with something of the grateful emotions of a be-pan. T h e present Embassy will carry back with it a due appreciation of the superiority ofour different systems of. manufacture, and it is not to be doubted that steps will sooner or later be taken to confer upon that country the ad- vantages which have been madr so manifest to its representatives.cess last sea&ou, and was received last n .^ h t with much favor b y a crowded house. Mr. and M rs. Florence w?re receivedinthemostcordial way,and will undoubtedly have a most prosperous career.Coroner's Inquest*.Bcr_\*i> i t ) IIKATH—Corooer ScbirtaerBan Francisco. They report that country as in an Republic.nDemocraticKnow Nothing, or American.Totaltravellerescapingfrom aAheld an'in<jiie.-t on Sunday evening, at No. 264 Tenthat'-eet, upon the body o f Patrick McMenou> , a clergyman, ahaA committee from the Chamber of Commerce"wore levelled. This state of things was observableat Charleston, but, then it was accredited by plished a triumph in the defeat of these two zart Hall men can look on and laugh at the subsequently revived; he did not state how the are ongiview of eliciting sorb information in regard tot h e p r o d u c t i o n s a n d w a n t s o f b*ic p e o p l e o f t i i a tempire a.-> would prove of value in our future com-mercial intercourse with that nation. A great num-ber ofqtie».tions were propounded, and mneh vaual-bic information gain-d by the committee, who some eighteen hundred: but there was a defi- will continue their labors by drawing up a seriesoffurther questions in waiting.h e a t o f t h e w e a t h e r , a n d t h e l e n g t h o f t h e t a - vern bills which delegates had to suffer. W e find, however, that when the scene of the con- vention was moved to a city further north, andthey will have discovered their mistake. T h epostponement of the concessions demanded o fthem will only increase the amouat they willultimately have to yield. They can no morew i l l g e t n o m o n e y f o r t h e n e x t e l e c t i o n . A sthere is no prospect of electing a democrat andS i t t i n g u p v e r y h u e a t n i g h t r e a d i n g a n d w r i t i n g : h e w a g subject t o tits, and from t h e marner in which h e w a s burned, together with the position of the body wheat found, 1 suppose that h e wa= attacked with fits, upset the candle, and thus set fire to the phu-c; 1 heard no cne« forAs we go to press a tremendous fire is raging inAnnstreet,atthethirddoorfromNassau. Theadjacent streets are crowded with firemen, and theonly some 23,000, so that allowing this reserved vote to the republicans, there was a vote re-1 element becomes more prominent than b e - of public opinion. Should they be infatuated We do not know how many heads may fall be- verd>a. "Death b y burus aa identally received Jun 2 4 ,lSCO." Deceased w a s a native o f Ireland, and was 4 4 fore, and that theNorthern menareeven enough topersevereintheirresistancetothem tweenthisandNovember. Truly.Tammanyis yearscfage. Deceasedwas former'y aKomanOaiuohc•teamenginesareatwork. Frompresentindica- servedagainstthemofnearly70,000.tioosthefirewillbeveryextensive,astheefforts Tims,itappears thatinourlastNovemberofthafiremenseamtobeofnoavail. Fullpar- election,makingafaircomparisonbetweentheticulars will be given in our evening edition. vote cast and the vote of 1856, there was a votemore pugnacious than the fire-eaters. If the codeisadheredtoineverycase,wemayexpectthe effect will be to virtually throw the govern-in a bad way.priest, but renouncing the faith became a lTuteatant and onejofthemostbitterenemiesofthechurchofRome.P*I adjourned to Tne»day mntilnjr.hundred,aadThe most remarkable feature in the proceed- j too many cooks spoil the broth, so too many ing«. of Congress yesterday was the second pro- ' candidates may ruin the campaign so far as the•moi H. v . CMtm or KA&UC AJTD ITXTON trs. five sliillinga. for a Mr. Hanley; aWothat four quoitsHt*<* liftn7St PAa TMMMAIDMMt*mmmnmm,f7•*••<stronger than their sense of duty to the country. NewYorkisthekeytotheWhiteHouse,and if not seized to shut out Lincoln, it will b e used to Kt himin.andenlargesupon thegroundsofthefirst,inobtainingamtimtionundertheCommission- sented b y no less than four candidates, with a ers. Hence these complaints. W e want t h e fair prospect fora fifth. This multiplicity of •Central Park finished a.=soonTjspossible, what-candidates complicates the game of the poli- ever it costs, aad these pettyfquabbles about a ticians very much, and they will need all their alight deviation from the original plan, andthe skillwherewithtoplayit Weshall,therefore,jexpenditureofanextrammofmoney,arevery hear less of the personal merits or demerits of ] childish and contemptible. That there will b e thecandidates,andfewerstoriesastotheir,«>mepickingsandstealingsaboutth»Central youthful peccadilloes or maturer sins. All the Park, as well as every other public work, must nominees are now pretty well known to the ** expected, though they may notamouattoT0JT WKJUir BZMALU, *~ry tmi* eat:* not - Ainfay, at **rrillawarfarebetweenhalfadozencliques,repre-Wahte^f-rg, mm mm 9* mmum: tfkt*Wttrmmam Emtio* amy w*tnr--*v.ag&instHousemi mm I t i r nun jm mmmmmartaf wr*at 8>-'M»«I,in#r5»<..»Vr^W «TOM(V<WCaU/jrm%i**nmmmtm\mmdmWlf mw rmm, «r 61 50 jwr{T*mAU*y**v»tmmm month at tU ***V*^ The OWja faaprrtor, hi carrying ont*the pro-this*Covode smelling committee. TheProgressofKurepranFilihnatertam—J.p.-^n^.infull,inconnectionwithourreportsvifions ofth> law ot the State in regard to the • • * w l sag** (tM<hirths. Isfollowing upthi doctorsLI llSJLUB, ami *•«*• mrt*i intk*Want HHIH, VAIUTtitWAMTLTHKRALDcmW< ,atfouremitjmr mm, or Mmrmmmm. -m^OLVfttAMT CQMMXSrOirifMHW, 40|a^iNMrfl*4ain 4MMT flNVVVN l«Vr«% mmtd/m-. mV~O nFi«TirVLAjU.t I W l i i l M 10 tiCAL,, M » narr e*.AO HVTlCMmhmaf rwv*-»rr*«lmimmmmmkJOB ruurruntmwA%«i«m« XXV.AMVSKKTEKTS TH13 EYKNINQ.,v L m mi mw 'Jr**Pm Jof yesterday's Congressional proceedings, o nAbrgjcriMMMJumthat, dnrlnjf the month of April, r>M b'rtha were registered, and daring the month of May, 1,781, and this|aonth there will be a still further corres- ponding increase to that between the months of April and May.«—>„•-,__. («HI»fOIDI»WJUllwithcniupojidablezeal. Tostow how*rhis LOTTO AJTS PpOK- effortah*1fe"be«nsnceeHffu! we mention the fe<*tand Central Italy is of the most complicated and interesting character.European filibusterism. under the load o fGaribaldi, lias triumphed a t Palermo, and amovement of the most hair-brained and despe-the arguments on both sides of the question. That the President makes out a clear case of an infringement of the boundaries o f his depart- ment of the government b y the House of Bep-unscrupulous partisan malignity which has gov- erned this Covode investigation, n o intelligent•ndcfe-people, and the campaign must b e fought onthe merits. T h e leaders will see the necessity and stealings of the Corporation,A stirring scene occurred at the City Hall yester to.1T7 day,whichnearlyresultedinafightbetweenCooncilman Hncan and Alderman Piatt. A rcpor of 'he affair will bo found in another column, to- gether w ith an account of its origin.According to the City Inspector's report, ther wer 301 deaths in the city during the past week BOWfllT THEATER, Ik>wer> -Jum—VIIXAGCBJ—Two a decrease of 29, as compared with the mortality ofBO«I>TCA«TUW- the week previous, and 21 less than occurred WIKTKR GARDEN. Broadw*y. opposite Bond street.— during the corresponding week last year. T hOLD PUA«TATI©*.rate character in its inception may yet rock thewholeofEuropewithitsresults. TVpopular agree;thathiscomplaintsarcjustagainstthe ofextremecaution,asthefieldofbattlecannot' OneofthefirstactsoftheCentralParkCom-•TBI/VK QABnm*. Broadway —kU>T Or n i LAM— On.: ATIC Vttiirae-Divtcruakaajrr .eatler can deuy.Nor can any doubt be enter-the thirty-five electoral votes of New York from on the temporal as well a s on the religiousLincoln,whichwilldefeathim.Ttie wlmle electoral vote of the I'nion isOf which the vote necessary to elect the President is. 151affairsoftheworld. TheChurchofRome themselvesbeforetheworld.Bowman,ofthery, vital and commercial statistics and govern- mental system of that empire that has a s yet beenpublished. Itisonlybymakingourselveswas very 1 v'ht and blowing from tha southwest, the boats were almost two hour? before roundlnp the buoy off Bob- bin's reef light, when the bi -"*»•• freshened and they madeafineruntotheFlakelioatoft"theclubhi'ise, which was the only time during the day when the Ka..'u^ qiulit.esof the vessels wer< a t a ll tested. TheNia^ira W;L=thefirftvep?e]ofthe<5<v-ondrlassltortvindthebuoy, and the Content was the first vsael of the third cl*i<=sThevoteoftheNorthernStatesis The vote or the Southern States is18: andphilosophyofancientGreeceandBorne.rTwo Jyenrs later (ia >7) the popular vote forGovernor was,in round numbers:—unsettled condition, a large and influential partybeing opposed to intercourse withforeigners. Abattie had been fought near Jeddo, and a princekilled. The captains of foreign vessels at Kanaga-wa had been notified to prepare for an attack, as thegovernment might be unable to protect them. The 35.000. a Know Nothing reduction to the extent used by Congressmen, such as "liar," traitor." news from Honolulu is to the '.'th. of 60,000. and a deficiency in the total vote ofMr.Fitzpatrick,whoreceivedthenominationfor thehtimt'amount.Vice President on the Douglas ticket, having de- clined the honor tendered him, Mr. H. V. Johnson, of Georgia. has accepted the invitation of the com- mitteetofillthevacancy.was for Secretary of State, and the results for waited upoa the Japan Embassy yesterday, witha thusofficer were:——Showing a republican loss of nearly 30,000 as compared with 1856, a democratic gain o fusually obtain among gentlemen in political as well as social intercourse. The playful epithetsthe two Conventions at Baltimore has knockedwith the Derbyites, has compelled its with- Tammany Hall all of a heap. The Sachems do next to me- this morning about twenty mnutes before*In 1859, for State officers, the Know Nothingsabout with a degree of looseness that must haveprobably lead to a fresh organization o f the of the pi ops and pillars of the old Wigwam extinguished it with litile dirJu ulty; deceased w as t und are for Douglas, and some go for Breckinridge, lying on the bedroom tioor; he was immediately removed Manchester league and a series o f violent de- toa front room, whrre he remained until he died a; fourmonstrations against theenemiesofpopular audbetweenthetwotheremustbedireconfu- O'clockthw1'.M Dr.WienerJwho'livesinthebouse,at- tended deceased and did all that co>ild be done for him,-PARTY CONTESTSI.\ ENGLAND.—The resistanceoffered t o Lord John Rjussell's Reform bill b y CONTUSION IN TAMMAVgHAi.i..—The action o f was t i m e d t o death on the jreviouE night under the fat-the rump of the ohl whig party, in combinationdrawal for the present session. This, with the not know what to do. and the General Com- three o'clock I wat awakened bv the cry o f "fire" and adense smoke in the room; 1 got up and found that tha 'scoundrel,-* and similar gentle phrases in which defeat of the Chancellor of the Exchequer's pro- mittee is in a dilemma. Who is to b e the man room occupied b y doceagod w u O L fire; the alarm wastheEnglishlanguage abounds,were thrown positionfortheabolitionofthepaperduty,will forTammany—DouglasorBreckinridge?Some given;whenthefiremenarrivedandforcedopenthu door the> found the hack part of theroomJ*fire,but.247.000. .330.000.. eo.oooCi«Jti.TM*\3 0 1Constitution newspaper, and Rice, formerly of the/YKnsy'rarwm.have also shown themselves to During a l l t h e dark ages that followed be mere hucksters in the spoils of office. T i n ;12 iwhole batch have proved themselves such a nui- acquainted with the facts, grouped together inthe irruption o f the barbarians into Southern articles of this kind, that a proper estimate can sance that the administration has suffered in giv-necessarytodefeathim,exceptwiththelossofNew York. New York is thus the key o f the piled round the old Church; and to-day Euro-Forneyandallhisanti-Lecompton brethrenwho have been warming themselves in the re- rate these prospective benefits. They will find it fourth classes to pet borne within theappointod time; thee election.inferior to ours, and apparently so primitive in their habits, can ever become great producers or consumersforourmarkets.Aperusaloftheto have been aw.irdcd to the winning boat* consist o f a handsome silver tea service, silver castor, coftae urn aad decanter stand.Shouldthewindprovefreshtoday—Tuesday—itis probable the contest will be decided, such being one o fperformance will help to clear the political a s tionelectoral ticketNewYorkmay bewellasthereligiousatmosphereotEurope,butIn order to show that by a combined opposi-receptionofnewstothe5th.Businesswasbrisk,with a declining tendency in prices. The news is carried against Lincoln, w e turn to th e the great principles of government and religion the wind. A s for the administration, it nowadopted half tho democratic and half the re- been perfectly charming to a spectator, but not publicanStateticket. Thebruntofthecontest quitesoagreeabletothepersonsatwhomtheyFor .tones, democratic and Know Nothing vote Forl«aveaworth,republicanrights. The opposition think they have accom- sion. Meantime, Fernando Wood and the Mo- he w a s in.. nsibie when h e w a s four.d. but h a rated • the gas was turned ofl at eleven o'clock last nightTotnl popular roteThe majority of the union vote for Jones against the republican vote for Leavenworth was onlyOar special telegraphic despatch from Baltimoregives seme further interesting facta and develop slaughter-house sacrifice of W. H. Seward a tmaata growing oat of the Baltimore Convention, t o Chicago h a s alienated thousands o f men fremarnica w« rafer the reader. Our correspondent re the republican cause in this State—thousands forms and candidates before the people, we may cueata u* to aa? that Mr. Jones and the otter gen- of old whigs and republicans, and thousands ofUomea u charge of the telegraph a t Bafeimora good Catholics whose hopes were centred uponhat e treated him with tb a utmost attention and hia nomination. 'i anted .tames Murphy was takf a into custody b y Police- Too Mi'CH OF A GOOD THING.—The leaders of as a compliment due to his position and talents; man Thompson, of Uie First ward, on charge o f p kingOf MajcJoaed teWkon on the Pitt, after aaontiag to suspend fighting each other than the Kilkenny cecumrooafctDtiocalreforms aad wiling a reaoaa.tion did everything which it ought not to havedone, and left undone the particular duty forwhichitwascreated. ThecontrastbetweenCharleston and Baltimore is a very strong one. do to leave him out. He is not asking for a•a^^^a a a / vaa^aa^pjpV aaa^p aaiBiBaiPm a # a * * » ^v^aaiawiiw ^/SMBBwaB^waaBj*bull, of Illinois, and others. But what is going to b e done with Massa Greeley ? I t will nevertion. Wright, the person aJkjged to nave beea Implicate* inthetransactice.sailedCarfcropeashorttimeago.pahluh elsewhere aU the Important items of news, aad anarticlefromaiof the Coart Iff Over aad Ter- twitajr before fadga Goatd, bat there not beingi*m%mMei*W^*m+w*09m*:buaineas interests are so seriously involved In this contest They could readily produce a millionofmoneyinbehalf ofthecombined electoral ticket w e have suggested. A State convention of each of these parties concerned, appointed a t the same time and place, could a r -n*& Uw Ucfcet, K tfopw, * eucce^uj, Mmen who led th e opposition against M r. Polk nowstand ready to canonize him aa a saintComrt CaUeaMUawTmU D a y .S e r e n a COCTT. Cnurrr.—Part 1.—Xc*. 12JL 1025. da*, 13«, 13*3,1S79,13«, 131, 813, 139&71399,1401, tionsofconscience,theBaltimorepatriotswere thatletter,writtensixyearsagotoMr.Seward, 140S 1407 1409,1411,683,MB.13KS.539,If.9W.But how is this combination electoral ticket to be managed ? It cannot be managed by the silly stump politicians of the Breckinridge and Douglas factions, for they arc no more disposedgated to do a special act. Owing to the per- dant and a man named William Wright a quantity o f ae- There is no dearth of able men in his party at gats, in payment for wluch he took the note of Messrs.H. gonal quarrels of theparty leaders the Conven- the North and West. There are Chasea n d Van Allen &Co.,of Logansport, Indiana, for $736 45. pay- able four months after date, whxh aubaequeoUy provedCourse of the Italian ttueatlon?The state of affairs in Sicily and Southern reference to which our readers will obtainand heroic leader of Italian liberty embarked with a little more than one thousand men inbe brought down to the limited space of one or < missioncts was to clear out al! the Irishmen andwas the preserver o f the science, literatureiThe President a n d the Cornde Committee. ' to think it an uncomfortable surplusage. * A? not get that po-rt there will be some (rouble inthe camp.cur suggestions, we shall know that their spirit connected with his administration of the affairs rangements for the Presidential campaign. In- g^at piece of folly, and ought to b e aban- ofrevengengtiir.fteachotherhasbecome ofthegeneralgovernment. steadofbeing,asusual,apitchedbattlebe-doned.ThepartyatwhoseinstigationitwasThe Central I'ark Inve<:tiKaUngO«TnnT.:tt«»* met a tti.eirroomsattheAstnrHonitcje<trrday.»j\dwerein »«»*i»jonfl»e hour.*. The oaly positive fact* provedwuathatoneoftheblacksmith*tltathasssincebeen 'OldAbeLincoln"canbedefeated;andifCo\odeCommittee,touchingtheconductofthe TheactionofthedemocracyatBaltimoredi-icharged made a carving fork and stelle, worfh the parties opposed to him refuse to act upon Executive in official briberies and corruptions an entire and most Important change in the ar-J charges laid by ex<fcmttii£rioner Hogg, Is aThi<= is the cn'.y remaining expedient wherebytest from the President against the inquisitorial proceedings of the House in the matter of theterrified democracy are concerned. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE Cosroio CAMFAMK.capitulationtablegives2deathsofdiseasesoftheWAM.ACX'STlTE.vTR* Broidway-LALLA ROOK.I- hones,joint-!.ftc-.f^Ofoffthefbrainandnerves.7of beenachievedinthefaceofinnumerableacci- searchesandcuriousdiscoveriesofthisCovode tacticiansandthefineststrategistswillhave4was impossibleforboatsofth?first,thirdandfourthD00T«« Ob'V JATAJICSS RjUAJST.vew»eln,10ftofthelung;,throat,Ac,2fofoldaire, andconsignedallitsparticipant*todeath. A triumphantlythroughthisordeal. Myvindica- with complacency. Outofthemouths of a thembythecommittee.-*FEW BOWT.RT THEATRE, Bowery —0}R.«TCAI» R»OTBinw M of diseases'of the skin and eruptive fevers, "still- single man-of-war met upon the sea might have tion is complete. T h e committee have report- multitude o f counsellors, saith the Scripture,This club n o w numbers about o n e hundred m m - bers, a n d possesses a t t h e present time orer thirty yacht?, measuring more than three hundred tons la all. They have recently erected a n e w clob house atthe foot of Court street, Brooklyn. It Is two stories high. T h efirstfloorw iateodod for member?, and i s fitted with room* and lockers. T h e second floor i s for the use of the ladies and friends of the members, aad has u verandah from wiiich can be obtained a s;i:• adid view of the yachts in the linrbor, and down the bay as far a- the Narrows. Thecourse laid out for yotterday for vowels o f tho first class cs'un yachts, with p*ff topsails, WH* from stake boat oil t h • cli.b lions*, t o nad around tha Southwest Spit, and Lack to place o i fetart jig—«dtflaacsof n'M'ut thirty mU'*.cVessels o f the second cla * were sloop risked, a ith jibit t o t h e southward a n ! westward; thence to th" stake boat of! the club house, turning it to the northward aad eastward, three times round, makine the race a distaaoe of twenty nuio.The time allowed for first ela--. y:e -it- was according to dis>). :icemetit: for feeotid, thin: an;! fmrth class yicote, was two minutes to the foot.—hftOKZE Ks«*lT —KtlKFVl T«ACK»T IV THI K.iaitTH AVE- born ard premature births. 473 °f diseases of the l>0>BARNTMS AMERICAN MUSEUM. Broadwav-Day stomach, bowel* and other digestive organs, 36 ofsunk either or both of the fragile steamers, a ed no resolution looking to an impeachment comes wisdom; and from among allthese can- surprise on a march, the neighing of ahorse against me ; no resolution of censure ; not even didates we shall be quite sure of getting a Pre- during the strategic advance on Palermo, a a resolution pointing out any abuses in any of sident. Meantime the country is safe, and even stray thot. carrying off the leader and soul of the executive departments of the government to prospers in the face of the ruin which the poli- the expedition, and almost any little adverse be corrected by legislation." But still, in the ticians predict. The only real sufferers w e event,mighthavechangedtheresultandde-nameandastherepresentativeofthepeople knowofarethecampfollowers,whoareagood layed the march of events for years to come. and standing upon the ramparts of the consti- deal puzzled to ascertain under which banner Even now the course of affairs is not beyondI U kteoiuc—RAKKIT, m a HA*O>—oca U u t Cooam—la»- U6 CeuiuKinu,Ac.BRYANTS' MT*HTRR1.H. Mi-roanim' Halt 475 Bimdwar - B n u M t a , N, ii..>, DAM-IS, AC -scant* AT EAXMOsucua.MraiiO'H SAI/VOX, BMHIIWIT -U*O. CBUSTT'I M m - n u u u aoaaa, Daxcaa, bvaiaautma, AC.-JA?A»IS« t u t t igeneral fevers. I of disease of the urinary orran , andl It; fif.ni violent causes. The nativity taM" gives 21R natives of the lnitc.1 States, 7G ofjlre- land. 11 of Germany, 3 of Feotland, 3 o f Kngland, and the balance of various foreign countries.BATTOKAI. BOMCX r » n c u .rOKCERT RALOOB. Kcnua**si», Ac.KaUooalroeaire.-tution, he "solemnly protests against these un- precedented and unconstitutional proceedings." This protest is well applied, for the manner inthey should enlist in order to b e sure of a chance at the spoils of victory.EREKCn BHEATRE. m BPOadwiy-HooutTftCA»- IIU'I MlKtTkU* Ut BTRIOflAJI E!»tmtAl*«t»TS. i „ .TRMfl.E Or MAQIC, «tl Broi1w«y —Soimn E*»TAS- tuiwa IT fsor. JACOBS AKO OOBUX hruGiiTLV.the reach of accident in liberated Sicily. N a - ples still holds the strong places of Syracuse,f ALACE OARDEV, rmiTWnt!i HO*— ROSJ \Xl BALLCT 'tUOVTT—BAUOOS ASCKS-ft>.y Ruiee doi-fc, turnir.jr i t t o t h o eastward a n d Kwith- the Sardinian government hasofficiallyan- aswouldbethe trial ofamanbeforeagraud betaken down andstores erectedonitssite. ward;tin-neetothebuoy offRobblo'sreeflifcht,lumiaifCORKER OR THIRTEENTH STREET ABD FOCRTII ATEMTR--CAUro«»u MUAGCKII..TRIPLE SHEET.That immense efforts will be made to resist that the question at issue will receive at the is about to sweep away Niblo's Garden andlew Vork, Tut^A), JJfOf IwOiM e a n t i m e , w e a p p r e h e n d t h a t t h e p u r p o s e s o festablishment by Constantine.and which history this Covode investigation have ceased to exist. and the Winter Garden. In the course of time No. 4 W .15 Minor . 34 feet • inchesHAILS FOE ETJ20FE.ThtHew York Htraid—Kdltion for Karope.^ e (\in»r'! Rtrnovib^i Niagara, Oipt. Millar, will leave Bosloo on W«dnosday for I^n'rpnol.TV m».> tor kurope w:U d . « m this city tbii aft«ni<X)a •1 oue o'clock to go b> r»nio»'.l, aud at Four o'clock to goby mtmmboat:Tb« Btmonuji Somos o f TBMHpuxD will b e pubiiaiiedBiaglecopies, in writers,firmer, w ith more offl-ring. Among the engagements aero K-.000 Ixa-h^l-of wli^itt, chiefiy In bnlt; ar.'l shijis' bags, at75id..«ith small lots, iu ships' bags, at SJ , floura t 1= W-j't .a'i'l eh^so, by atennvr a: W-. To London and Giasgow fli>ur ..ad ^rain wero in^a; A on terms givenin another column.Liiuoln a n d tlie Presideney—New York the K e y t o t h e Election.With the disruption of the democratic party,the only way in which Lincoln etui be defeatedThe committee and its '-drag net" were created under the- idea that the democratic party and the administration would be a unit in this Pre- sidential campaign, and that thus anything and everything that could b e raked a n d scrapedthese houses also will have to give way to the march of trade, and retire up towards Union S' ".are.r,S feet3* feet 6 inches 26 feet 2 tcches 25 feet 9 inchesTH.'RD CIUS-9 Eliza S. Hiliyer 30 feet S inchesat tea o'clock la theawning Oixoeots.gold spoons discoveredOgle, of Pennsylvania, about the your 1810.rorirni CI-ASS.26 feet 11 i:nhec... . R OoartUndt. U6 feet 11 inches J Morse.The Excise Commissioners met yesterday|}andgranted five thirty dollar licenses.u Tbe" cott«n|marlc«"t(|was| qutct|*vr-st^rrlajr.'»tnmthe ab-seccefrf"pri'.atc|lcU< r. ^bjf hejsteaiier Miie(a,sal-s]werer' -tnc'"<J tn 200 cr^Wwle^.Jjrhe {transaction>Jwere tool u n t . V t o aPTord a r> liable bae*- for <juotalif»n«. Middlirguplands were qiK;lc<J at lOX' •, whiii' dt<mo brokcrsfcrawea ranpe of10?»c.a107ic. Hour opened tirnier*iinderth> :nf!uei:feof the lie* 8, but i n ensequ^nee ofjinvatoatvl<•-til,-marketwas l.ssactive,butat5c.to10-.'.perbirr.-1 higher, especially for Jroir.m in lirands and iasideeTtr.i Whrat was in coo', erport d.marrt, withjftir sale'sat an adrancf- in some <iescriptn>iis i;f 2c. a Cc. p rbushel. Corn wnsBrmer, with pretiv free salesfor solidation ofthekingdom ofNorthern Italy, tionwhichitdemands,butwhichatthissession intovast stores,extending from Broadwayto fli:; rvnt er.>ii and for foreign exTv>r!. Pork »n* ilnn andactive, wilU s;sl«s ofn w mt*s at $18 50, and of prime doa t $ 1 S 0 2 ' , • •» $ i a 7 5 . S i u r a r s w t > r » ' i n f u r d e m a n d a t t h ec'.^ini; rntfsof S'ltnrdny, with silos of f\l><ui' TOO <\ 880hhd?. at rates pi\iiHiu another cohiinn. Freistht-' wereMessina and Agosta, and on the main land no which the President has been tried before thisand mainsail. The third and fourth claasea were cat MOVINC UP TOWN.—We understand that after neged. Tho oe-.rK'" for the second, tli rd ar.d fourth rIvan* the close of this season Wallack's theatre will wr.s from stake boat off thf cinb Lou«se to a stake bo»t offresponsive movement has yet taken place, whilecommittee has been about as fair and legitimatenounced that, a conspiracy is on foot in Tuscany for the restoration of the exiled princes.jury for a high crime, and that, too, in advance ofthebillotindictment. WehavenodoubtWe are also informed that Mr. A. T. Stewart, who owns the property under the Metropolitan Hotel,the further advance of Garibaldi, and the con-we cannot doubt. T h e struggle la t h e has been denied.everything under the hotel, a n d convert themd e a t h s t r u g g l e o f t h a t t e m p o r a l e m p i r e o f1 " t o n s Ki-own rr.v-i.the Church which claims b ^ tradition i t s concedes to the series of pontiffs from Adrianfi R.ii; howth AFirstto Hildebrande.The successofGari-7. , lasara8. A . Partridpebaldiwhole of Central Italy, and Rome itself cani nSicily mustinflameNaplesa n dt h eKo.It will thus be seen that while the SouthernTheCityofNewYorkarrivedatthUportyester-StatescannotelectthePresidentwithouttheEuropeandNorthernAfrica,whentheancient beformedoftheadvantagesthatwearelikelyThesteamerJohnL.1/vkwoodwaseh.irteredfc>theday afternoon, bringing flies of European papers to the 13th inst. Her news, although four day.- later than that by the Asia, has been already anticipated by telegraph from the Melita, off Farther Point. The reception of onr filoscnabtesus to give copious RetailsofimportantEuropeannewstothedayof •ailing.Advices from San Francisco by the overlandroute to the 4th inst. have come to hand. T hfailure of the telegraph a t Yiaalia, prevented theaddition to their strength of thirty-two vote^from the North, Lincoln may dispense withthirty-one o f the Northern electoral vote, a n dstill be elected. From the present complexionof things he will not lose the thirty-two voteslights of mankind were extinguished, the Church carried them in her bosom, but she knew not what they were. From t h a monastic cells that harbored them sprung modern civilization and philosophy. Luther, b y their light, gave the firstblowtotheaccretionswhichcenturieshading them any countenance whatever from the moment they began to chaffer and wrangle over the spoils of the public printing. They should all have been sent off to Coventry with Forney.to derive from the friendly relations which we have succeeded in opening with the Japanese. The habits and bearing of the Asiatic popula-committee to accommodate th<- l.-ly P i<m 'sof the meui>erB who were desirous e f witnes.-tnij t h e rice. Abort twa hundred ladies and pentlemen availed themselves of the opportunity, and though many weredisapr<oiated .i! not witnessing a race, the excellent ha*d on board ax-ai"*! to make ample amend*, for d.i.ictnj was kept o « with Kreat ppir:t durintr the whole o f the afternoon. Th" pas- sengers on board the sio.imcr disembarked alxmt halfp.ist six,«-ituasiir,;*'s«nbleforW^solsofthefirst,thirdandpean filibusterism comes to finish the work. I t s publican kitchen a t a discount in the market.The republican party can d o without them, will not want them, and will whistle them downdifficult to understand that a race so physically second claw vessels, it wa- expected, might b e able t o do so, should the wind freshen. The prizes which wereinteresting. A suit has been commenced against results of several of our late elections, begin- will remain purified a n d unscathed. These comes forward to the judgment of the unpre- facts contained in the article referred to, will at the rules of the Club. once convince skeptics on this point that therethe steamer John L . Stephens, for carrying ning with that of 18,r)ti, which brought'the re- changes and possible complications will make judiced historian. Relieved of the demoralized•a excess of passengers on her last trip publican party into the field. The popular vote the coming season in Europe one of intensein- and disjointed party which has given him so is no limit to the trade that may be developed theatre last evening for the summer season. The playimpressed with the delightfully urbane mannerin which the leaders of the rival cliquesat637.000 Baltimore observed t h e coi<re;!ances whichkiwiec: CH-cumsiancr-!!:—B. \ \ Stirea, being duly sworn, deposed a s follow* —It h e instituting,proceedings prosecutingo fa n dt h e supportingesentatives, in the matter of this Covode Com- mittee, we think every dispassionate reader willmuch-certainly not as much aa the picking*next session of Congress that serious considera-It w.ts said some time ago that a new theatre was about to b e erected on Union square, some- EuropeanPowers.Eventhiscansavethetempo- tooethersmellingofspoils-corruptionsonthe whereintheneighborhoodoftheUnionPlace10. Zifiga11. Wild Wave12 Lillie .* IS Contest....14. Surprise15. lu.ma16. Isabel17 A. Carriugton..be saved only by the active intervention of the29 fwt 6 mches 2S feet 9 inches 28feet 6 inches,.2Sfeet6 inches 2* feel 3 inches 2n feet 2 inch"* 2S feet 2 inches 27 feet 10 inchesral power of the Pope but for a few years longerpart o f t h e administration, would b e o>oodHotel, mid we should not be surprised to see allfrom t h e inarch o f European progress, a n d political capital against t h e powerful demo- our principal theatres centred there before long.then, if not now. that venerable and time-worn empire will expire, and b e decently buried. I icracy, like the White House'silver teapots a n dIn a few years from now Union square may be- come to this metropolis what Leicester squareis by a combination electoral ticket of the par-TbeooateataoftheErRonwjtEDITO*ortarnUKUIS>tiesoppos^*tohimintheStateofNewYork.willbeentitledtoagreatfuneral,andaskinga istoLondon—thecentreoftheatresandexhi-20Mon'taitk26feet10iitchea....WoodkOofna.will combiue the news receireJ by uutl and telegraph a ' the offlc* duriiif the previous week, and up to the hour of publication.The Bears.Both branches of the national legislature ad-journedyesterdayatnoon,leavingmuchunfinished bu-sineftp T h e Post Office Deficiency bill w a s parsed by the House, but the Post Route bill was lost. Another message was sent in b y t h e IVesi- tlent. recapituhitins; the grounds of his protest against the proceedings of the Covode Committee.train of carriages as followed the hoarse of Bill Poole, b u t th e only hearty mourner i n this country will b e Archbishop Hughes.But all this is changed now. The powerful bitions of all kinds. democracy have gone to pieces, and such swift26 feet 10 inches 26 feet 9 inches23 feet.22 feet 10 inchesH. Bmeliey. t*. I/nii. nt;i. W . 8->«er. J . Mctireevy.eight hoars; hours. T h «thereb y one Puul P r yNo. 18. K Pinodley 19. Mary Teresa21. Kmrenie 22 Nancv 23. Mvstic 24. Losee1'irPt class second, thirdsents the most comprehensive view of the histd- club ho-se a t 1 1 A . M.; second, third, an<l fourth CIB-Sat120V.M.Thewindatthetimeofstartm*Thereposed to the republican party, and this majority,upon a joint stock electoral ticket In behalf ofBell, Douglas and Breckinridge, may take away This event, will produce, a marked effect degradation, have only convicted and disgraced pers' New Cyclopaedia of Commerce I t pre- first class yachts left t h e stake boat o ff t h e fis apopularmajorityi n thisStateo p -witnesses for the uses of Covode as Forney and Wendell, in their shocking testimony o f moralth'R TRAM? wrra JAPAN.—Elsewhere will b e found an interesting article on Japan, from Har-yachtsa n d fourth class, flv«We give thewo small steamers, ran the gauntlet of the nu-merous •Neapolitan navy, made a strategic ained that the hostile majority of the House, doubtful, a n d th e result cannot b e march upon a city held b y 25,000 veteran which has prosecuted and sustained this inves- predicted with anything like certainty, o r troops, and in thirty days the city has surren- tigation to this point, will sustain it totheend. even probability. The smallest accident maydered, the army capitulated, and a government Mr. Buchanan, however, is not without his turn the scale in the most unexpected direction.So the battle will b e one in which the best took place yesterday, but owing t o the wind fillingforfreeSicilyhasbeenorganized. TMshas reasonsforexultationovertheindefatigablere- shortlyaftertheboatsstartednoracetookplace,asit LAtRAKRESE'flTHRATRE.Ho.«21Broadway.-<J9ACS: thegemiative'jorgans,|lQ'|of?tbepicartandfblood dentsthatmighthaveoverthrowntheenterprise experiment. Thus,hedeclares,"Ihavepassed theadvantage. Wecanallaffordtolookatit classestosailoverthecoarsewithinih'timeallottedThe dissolution of the democratic party places tions are so unfamilar to us that contact withour present visiters may lead many to under-wilderedthieves to the shelter of his own roof.nest o f252,<*-'4261436someoldfogies,whocalleditdisgraceful,tothemeasures;butbeforeParliamentmeetsagainfun.Buttheworstpartofitis.thatTammanyasusual;diceasedwasinthehabitofo-in?acandleand ,-,n504 090where the hotel keepers have more liberality avoid a cheap press and the extension of the time. Besides, Mr. Buchanan may find it ne- D R. Thoma on and others corroborate'l the teetitaoaror the previous witness. The ca^e was then given to the1856. of 9? 000. The republican deficiency was than a t Charleston, the cursing and lighting franchise than they can set bounds to the march cessary to remove some o f the office holders. jury, who after due deliberation rendered the fotiowvogciency in the popular vote, as compared withmentintothehandsoftheManchestermen,for to hear ol as many as a couple of dozen duels no Ministry will be able to retain power for a growing out of the Baltimore rencontres. W e single month without their support. As the re-ABOYDaowxsr>—CoronerSchirmerheldaninquestat OLD ABE'S CABINET.—The friends of Old the foot of Sixteenth street, upon the body of a negro boy namedThomasHJones,whowasfounddrowned;sthe Abe Lincoln, considering his election certain— North river. I-e,-cased had been missing from his homeNone of the bodies of tha persona shipwrecked held in reserve, which, if rendered in according opine, how ever, that the quarrels commenced at sult o f their labors during the present session, as perhaps they have some grounds for doing for over a week,and when h e left h is parent ' bo x ; b e«• the United State* steamer Walker have as yet to its party complexion, reduces the republicanbeen discovered. It was supposed that many re- party in this State to a minority of over 48,000. mainedintheholdoftheveaael.aaatthelatest SurelyBell. Douglas andBreckinridgecom-accounts from Atlantic City none had beea washed bined can retain this outstanding majority, es- aahore.pecially when we consider that the ignominiousBaltimore will not be settled in any c ^ e by a the Derby-Disraeli faction may ee-nt on their under the circumstances—are already begin- expressed a determination never to return 'because of a chastisement he received at the hands of hi-: father T h eresort to arms. The combatants will take it out own future exclusion from office and the early ning to arrange his Cabinet, thinking that there usual verdict of "Found drowned v .a rendered by thaofeachotheronthe.stump,orinthepartypa- infusion pers, which should be especially lively beiweeu tration. this time and November.ofradicalelementsinto theadminis-isnothingelsetobedonenowafterthedenoue- ment a t Baltimore. I t i s thought that M r . Reward will b e offered a place in the Cabinet,jory. ____«____«___-_Police IntrLUgenee.A* AUJIEO PioencirKT rv CcwrowT.—A young leUowPOSITION OK M E . BUCHANAN.—Now that the inharmonious democracy have placed their flatthe democratic party were very much blamed and if he djoes not accept it—wmich he proba- ) ockets on board the Btaten I--and ferry boat Huguenot. A number o f the i^ssetigers had their watches and :wcketby the masses for the absurd way in which they bly will not—he may be tendered the mission oofc stclen during the upward trip cf the boat, anJtho managed matters at Charleston. The delegates to England. I t is probable that Mr. Lincoln risooer was Migpeeted of beitis impl.eated "> the thefts.ustkc Weth committed h.m for examination.were chosen for the express purpose of nomi- will endeavor to get some man from one of the CHARGE OKFoHccar —Abraham Parr; h, a grocer, doingnatingcandidatesforthePresidencyandVice StatesontheSouthernbordertotakeaseat bav.nesfinTh.rdavenue,nearTw^enty-fiflhstreet,was Presidency. They were entrusted, like mem brought before Justice We!=b on a charge o f forgery, pre- among his constitutional advisers, in order to ferred against him b y William CampbeU, o f 8iag Sing, republicans will now turn their batteries agains bers of Congress, with limited powers, and dele- give a tinge of nationality to his administration. N. Y . Tte complainant aHcgi*; that be gold to the defen-Douglas a n d Breckinridge, a n d leave M r. Buchanan to the fiiture historian. When his administration comes to be examined by an un- prejudiced and capable critic, its record will becam. Butitmaybemanagedbythepowerful foundtocomparefavorablywiththatofanyof feoa. aad adopt mat of the United Provtaces. W e commercial classes o f this metropolis, whose Mr. Buchanan's predecessors. The very £menatformly forwarded his matter with ponctmlity add promptitude.We have aewa from Buenos Ayiaa to the 17th felt Tat OoavBBHoa which aaaemhtod a r t u yreasonably expect that the partisan war wbich baabeenwagedwithsomuchmalignityagainst the President will b e suspended. T h e blackAs if attacked with th e most severe compunc- place—he never did in his life; but we know b yThatwillbethecasewithMr.Buchanan,and notsatisfiedwithputtinguponecandidatefor thatbeexpectsit,andalwaysdidexpectit, «*, 727,746,9ST,203,11»7,ST3,613,1121,U8T.historywillsaythathisadministrationwas thePresidency,buttheymustneedsnominate thoughhewastoomodesttoaskforItUntitled Document characterized by eniinent ability, wisdom, pru-two.ciency, butwe believe that the friendsof Meai*. Douglas and Breckinridge already begindence, forbearanceand moderation—prime r e -(uigites for practical stategmajiehjp.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comSome people may call this a genteel suffi-463, 22*. « a . 121». 122L Part 2.—(Held at Tammanf Hotel, second atory.)-5os «M.V>. **,HO.» . »*•two doubtful States.A s matters stand n o w i their hogs from th e Park grounds, a n d theycould not do better now than to turn oat this last Hogg, who appears to h e grunting and grumbling over his old ground.nearly all the States are more or lessCrosby street. After this season, then, these theatres will have to move up town, and the m o s t d o w n t o w n t h e a t r e s w i l l b e L a u r a K e e n e ' sNo.1 RestUpf2 llsideoa l a r l y H i r dKNTil IKS. FIRKl CL Atv'.20 tons1 IT tons..lohn .Jooea. P W. Ostrander O . A . C o o p e r .W. Boberts. E . Pitcher. K. C. Th'Maaa.D . T . Ki?U>«. W. IVtne.E. Hillyer. J. I^ooi. W. W. Head. Wm.Morris. J. D. Fowler. J . InmouJ. E. Wood. J . Ellerby. J. B. L*ggett.securing any spoil, the usual contributors ofcourse will not come down handsomely this help, my attention being first called to deceased by theWade, of Ohio; Banks, of Massachusetts; Trum- to be forged 1he accused was committed for examiaa-Part 2 Adjcnrned for the term. UMTDSlainDarnerCocar—Noav37.S4.SSto4*. PrrsaioaCorw —Part 1—Koa. 475,233, 467, 413, 4JT.If Old A be does not know the place Massa Greeleywants,wecantellhintHewantsto112,640,6tt,64«,&W,WI*GW*<fam* be made Postmaster General; find if ha does tec o'clock 4. K.THE Ofcynut PART LVTESTTOATTOX.-The in- vestigation into the affairs of the Central Park Commission, now going on before a {Senate committeeattheAfterHouse,andbaaeduponThe Brooklyn Regatta.The fourth annual regatta o f the Brooklyn Yacht d a bft VVhistier vfire and smoke. awere allowedWAIXACK'S TmcirriF.—Mr. W . J. Horence opened thislive a t No. 201 Tooth >troet. d^e.ised occupied tha rjom  