 .--*.«^rf--«-^-th« IiMto ,J». C. B>«4ei1ck."" which connected them. HiEX'g Democraticright. 1of tkese. aad has ever since been eonsldared one of -ihey were wrnonogl.T .at.t.riih_oiJ-ojd"competitor was Dah. SicklesA'Mv weelta tfaiee I gave the readers of the Dave, Dan and Hike, were all elected to stay at i^dtW-ToML^teatomerecollectionsoftheUte home,andrespectablemenweresenttoAlbanyBbodxbick now joinedofber af our {ashiunsble ariatocrata took Oremoroe wore they'*'.|bXB^Ma>.;—forces to those'Later taiUfe," writes one of his numerous friends, "really writtenbyianddM^M-ytUiieattr foraeveial years;(of politics.oftheconceding of all Federalbouses, built tmder hia direction, and which u« improvement on tliat of the kiAitui*. Tbe reve- written to Vara inquiry atntdemptedalways refsrred to as models of fp>o\ taste. lie lived hi a world of art, and It waa the study of his life bow"n^^"wfcom I had known personally and to fol-in their stead.This demonstration waa Bkodxeick's last;I.,egislature,tore the veil from intboaeclassichauntawasbynomeansavi^Ue amannerneverbeforeand I promisedInr Umoi with a aimilar sketch of his old crony andGwinnotices of him, have brought hj» name and fately«iice more to public recollection ; and I seize thisoccasion to present some incidents in his historfas a Hew-Torker, hitherto uopablished, before haof her situation, the Queen receives individuaU ofArchHeetnre did not wholly eai^ase na attentloD,As matter of reereation, he Indulged In literature, Timet, in whieh that jonmal reetHnmended him by seHishDeaa and thfaily iMe< br-. jr ..- , ,;~topSiteiiand Itave done him better justice and giveh to the State, with such marvelous resources of wealthNorth,in-listenediequaltmmt t0 ^be Ifeto-l^tfe WMNEW-YORK, SATUKD.*Y. FEBRUARY 25, 1860.the same faction for the State Senate—the Sena- around hira for a desperate struggle, which lasted Already be bad aiade deslgas for several public pcct of London, and as I have akeady said, Evil; torial district Mikk'b Ward, the Fourteenth, and for seveial successive sesKions of the Legislature, btiildtnfs. sad before be bad attalasd his twen*T-fi'st many of the provincial town* of S^gUod are as•EMATOR BBODBBICK.!k •A«W*b« mad ValMeal Orecr af Brodibick'b, the Ninth, as well as the Eighth, TheThey were rigneT^Xl continued until the time arrived for yrar tba Depot la Piovldei.cc w*s erected from on* bad, il not worse. I am not now speakiag of tlie i,»'^^!ai^u?l*'":Arn-other UntortuSate." tflf— l«r'any notable importance) in New-YorkICK the abtolutedisposalpatronage.reprAonJSfctE right direction, and had they beea coatimMd^BaZIfWtiUlHUMiui, D. C. Bbodebick. An accident The elections of the nAt Autumn, which elevated Bbodkbick took his seat in the Senate ;lations of a gossiping Court-miliiner would aston- ishacuriousandinquiringsage. Still,theQueen goodmightpossibly:«MA<BnUedme for atlmehasUithertopreveutedTATLOa and FiLLMOBito the chief Federalaim of hisBnttlieAiei^r thttmr.organization of the new Territoryfor theduced him to join Senator Douglas, and throw— and the threeMany llil(rijfln"«flla love for that which to him vras so of devotion." Several public boildmgs in State, were carried by the Whig Party almost with- St home in his place. He was too sensiole and Massachusetts, and at Richmood, VirginU, were ef his death, and the accompanying compUmenta- out a struggle on itt part, on account of the nearly loo sensitive not to know and feel his de- erected by Mm. But bis ambition tempted him toThe formal an- which was made last week in the Sen-offices, of thetobest promotewurUiysets anexercis^ a great influence in restraining license.Either, however, from ignorance or tbe necessities tbe devil escapee ahamhag.1fc» ftilfiUment of this purpo«>. aovncementand Hamilto]) Fish to theGovernorshiphislife.He never feltexcellent example, which has undoubtedlynal was closed to the suddenlyhisGwiM, the two having been previously opposed to be defined and supettoteDded the erection of na-and it wasearh should aid the other to secure aeach otheragreedbetween them that majoritymerous•dlfiees, public and private,Biany ofschool power hypocr'uy and Ithethe fruit turned to ashes onthoughgreattheir opponents here, between ficiencies. Be never felt himself to be Aie higher aehievmants,division ofCabs and Van Bdbxk. And before this event, the aspirations and plans of Brodkbick had taken an-other direction. The announcement astoundinglull bare passed into the obliTioo, or at least gen- (at first discredited by most considerate people) ol to yield thst entire control over Federalready appoint-withfriends and in this oa the snlr public journals coontryeral inSffenitice, to which all such persons tend the of in caused a rush ments in Calilomia discovery gold California,which, through his bargainpriDcipally coninlng himi^elf to eorrespoadeaeenever toshowhisfaceintbe House of Lords again, ss probably never bedn* exialM ia'i —"-] ijdle of their greatest successes and their from thisand all the Atlantic States of innu- withhe Hehad secured. jcct of Art in Enrope—in Rome, Taalce and Fioreaeeand more than suggested the darkest Crimea as tQrDaodver tUhBeD aroaBn. JsaguaoaMO wad a dfiaiinthote wiih whom he found himself associ-equal,fitness forated,—nor old he find the Administrationgreat favorite at Court. After an artiel* in the of tioosness, begottenwwlth tad waaL andifiering from them not the least in theory, how- with a quarter of a million in a verj- short time, the glory of foreman's helmet anil scarlet that Sir Criewell Creswell ought to be able to degreeinnumerable places of resort for the indulgence ofSenatorial of duties,both sexes with whoee names scandal has mad*and in toBaooaa- thegraocfolspiresofchurchesandattractivebut al- life was accomplished,be effectedthe Timet had been accomplished, aodGwm,readiness to recognize, encourage and aid him in Yoix TnOi will nowmber many interestiag letters, in thegaUery th. l^rd. aetaiUymansIka federal Capitol on that occ^on. They mani- ntss. He, among the very first, jierceived the Administraiion Senators, upon whom he would ity of aim, inssmnch as he believed he would benefit survived the obloquy which was rained on him in without present hope of amendment.kigkest triamphs.like unto him in tliat dreary destiny are most ofwalla«themotabandonedprofligacy,theifport«W ...a ^.^^duwewboexhibited their bad taste in absurdly^" il^ihefound most sympathy and^'WwldanipteiaTorableimpressionofhim. andpower. Heimmediatelysoldouthisestab- himselfintoopenhostilitytotheAdminis'ration advocatedtheestsbllshmentofaunlvwsalDecimal provement. ItwaswithreferencetotheUarquis ofHr.NobmahWiAKDandniaasaaejataa,iathaI'.l' Bw)»XRiac and Walsh, although strikingly alike Jiabment, and being unincumbered by any obliga- on the Lccompton question. He made a brief Cuirency'or all civilized nations. His views on this that Lord Bbocgham is said to have observed to matter of transporting passengers and gsodaoaarJBtkeir rise, progress, career and fall, and inti- tion of business or tie of family and kindred, and effective speech, which wag published, subject were altcmtld at length by the leading jour- Lady Palmebston that it was a pity he did not the almost boundless expanse of oar Weatam i^^"" andmately associated for some years privately and packed up for California. As he was descend- and which gave him a celebrity and moral dignity nals in London. Pails and Brussels, many emi- content himself with simple adultery, "for which, zen rivers in steam-propelled cars or siaighaL Ihapublicly at the start, were widely dissimilar in ing the steps of the Bank from which he bad that equally gratifying and novel to him.aome of their most prominent individual character Dstant drawn all the deposits of his little earn- For this step, both in Washington and Califor- istics. Both of them clumed to have been bom ings, amounting to but a few hundred dollars, he nia, he was carressed and complimented by thenent statesmen entered into correspondence with him you know, we could hardly blame him," added extent and amount of the Winter ^rnnmanu Aaain this country;both were the son* of Irish- was met by a gentleman who knew him, and on ItepubMcans, end denounced as a traitor by the^VhileslayingatVenice,inDecemberlast,hewas campto His the Duke of Cam. RoyalHighnessthe ice for at Ifive months would render such a project fnaaililaiBen, and were probably natives of Ireland brought exchange of the ordinary salutations, he told him Administiation wing of the Democratic Party. The attacked with liysentery. Be ore he was fairly recov- BBiOGE, whose morganatic connection is well has excited the liveliest interest amoDf th* eoaa-country ^in just adding, impressive repaired Florence, only conspicuousearnest) aspirants to the Presidency of the United tone, "I am going to California, and I shall retnm clared bim to have misrepresented them, and re- with a violent fever, and died a few weeks ago— by his gallantry, but even sinned within the rules riers generally.States, which made it necessary for them to ap- Dnited States Senator." The boast na urally quested him to resign. Uany of those who had cot without the attentions of kind and sorrowing and precincts of the palace itself, the Queen did not Tbe popular excitement naturally waned ; hot pear to be natives of this country, on account of caused a laugh at its monstrous audacity. Its sub- bef n long associated with him, and had aided in friends, from Providence and Boston, who were so- avert her countenance from the handsome and ma- the projectors of the scheme have been hard at the constitutional exclusion from that office of the sequent realization, after the persistent struggles lis elevation, ji'ined in the hostile movement journing la the elty of Tasso at the time. His friends ture offender, whose silver locks could not save him work, and the great question—will ii go?—ia veryforei(jn-bom. W^isa was apparently the more of desperate years, is one of the most impressive against him,— among them, his old intim.ate and will ever warmly cherish' Us memory. Tne public, from the popular expression of derision. When soon to be tested. On Tuesday next tl» firstto tills in childhood. Both were good what he had done, in an I/egislature ol his State, by a very large vote, de- ered he to where he was seized known, had not rendered h'lmself mercial men of the Northwest and ^'^^T^irnfa cax-arrears or rather accumulation of matrimonial with the sisters,had better uses for himself^ and he had too good in regard to the means by which he accomplished level, and as his finger spasmodically pressed the hatreds and disgusts? It may be observed ble England were formerly surrounded. When reveal one &ct at least—that they have allas opinion of himself to throw or fritter bis life his purpose, and relative to the circumstances and trigger too soon, the untimely bullet buried itself that many marriages which come before yon hear a young lady taxing her brother in al- studiously considered by the inventor, andaway in that manner. His indulgences in such immediate causes of liis death, I will now state in the ground, and he stood a perfectly unarmed this Court date far back. It is nothing most slang terms with his devotion to the ballet, factorily provided for, as far as engineering jodg- tilings, although apparently heedless and occasion- without reference to any local, partisan or person- man, the harmless and helpless victim of Tibbt, unusual for ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty- and his attadJment to the Argyle Booms, it is sug. ment, caution and expedients can provide iat ally extreme, left him still ultimately master of al interest. who deliberately shot him down without the least five years of yoked misery and disunion geslive of a knowledge on that yoimg lady's part them. The body of the car (the whole eonstrac-timaiiiL With the same self-confidence and arro- On his arrival at San Francisco he devoted him- risk or discomposure. Within a day or two he to plead for ^e healing balm of divorce. In Amer- which might well liave been omitted from her tion being about the size of an ordinary |gant ambition wlucfa possessed Mikt, Ddvt was self, with all his characteristicless disposed to trust merely to fortune or imagined and vital object of securing to himself the" died as a fool dieth." Shiblit's solemn lines ica yen ca&-haidly estimate the blessings which education. The " fast " damsel of the present day car) il a boat divided into numerona atr-tighl <destiny, and, therefore, deliberately planned theseries of actions and advances which he ef-:longftcied by judicious naturalandgraduallyacquiredpower.the soil at the rate of millions of dol- Leaving to the common mass theyour brow,Then boast do more your conquering deedstie. for.reportsof these novelty newspa-with raisedseveralfeetfromtheicejncaseofdeepsnow,^d:Withouther character, I wouldskiUIul exertion of hislubility cases areof themarriage eagerly sought will dieveryall.that she wants virtuous style bloom of reserve in wliich there is so nine charm.great largest possible quantity of the wealth which was rapidlykmomMt in bi aMMoa ordinary means of propnlaiao, it is provided appliances enabling it to pull itself oat of ths water upon the ice again. The car can bedrawn out oflars in a month. perilousandhealth-destroyingtoil ofdiggingandof theTheIn time thelittle of the Diana or the Minerva about her atenergy,to theThese two rowdies, (for such they not only ap-peared, but were, at that time.) made us a greatdeal of tiouble, from sixteen to twenty years ago.TVhen I say " us" I mean the Whigs and Clay-men keen perception a promi.«iDg investment of hisof tboae days ; but I may very properly extend this fast-increasin)r original horde of New-York sav- was not a man of real reliable physical courage; Divorce Court to sit with closed doors. In thethe runners allowing onlyto offer theirre-thesands, he foundmetal more attract-persthe cases ol notorious or distinguished personages. I am glad, indeed, to understand that a motion isgreata femiwashingive" in city lots, speculations of all sorts, any kind of gambling included, and whatever offered to hisTo the cold tombOnly the actions of the jcstSmell sweet and blossom la the dust."sistance to the snow.— and that is true of the remark to those of their own political party like ings. His great knowledge of human nature, his"willtrilBag The steering apparataa, as far as tan be anticipated, embodies all the neces- To revert to the million. Courtisanship sets sary requirements. The car is warmed by steam ; the fashions. " Mauve" crinoline, hats and hoops the ice collecting on the driving-wheel after thaws were first adopted and patronised by the frail sis is loosened and disengaged, or may be prevented by the heat of steam, the driving-wlieel aad itsseem t-ppropriaie here,thought unworthy of such a comment" The wither on garlandsbe this Court affords. What if there be scandals 1 is a new creation. She is not the Diana Vernon of partments, Many of them have grown out ol the very iiwUsso- sixty or a hundred years ago. Indeed, there is to itssinkfaigUpon deata's purple altar now.See where the victor, victim bleedsAll beads oiuft comeand thefind room for them in—:bringthepistolto itsproperdaughtersthoughthe incidentmayaway, only occasionallytions, the philosophical politicians, the refined rad- huge crowd of reckless and ignorant men who on their side, with a surrounding crowd in their a game of whist with his wife and two ladies of lemale citizenship exercises a larger influence the provisions of safety and economy that can beicals, of the ETcning Post school, were most thor- were soon and constantly pouring down from the favor ready to cheer and aid them, and to hoot whom he had divorced. This, I imagine, was an than is commonly attributed to it. Dancing has thought of in advance are compactly and simply embodied. Whatever may be the result, we be- oughly and mercilessly beaten by the Subter- mines, loaded wiih bags of the precious dust. No and discourage the unfortunate opposite party. invention of the lanatic bi'iots, who would only become a mania of young Englandism. The lord- lieve that few other new schemes have^ been eo.exposuresOf him I will truly say, as I did of Walsh, he about to be brought forward in Parliament for thewhole class of animals to meantime, there is no doubt that the Divorce Court leihood, and thence gradually reached the deni casing being hollow, and connected to tlu! boilen ; them, genuine Loco-focos of Tammany HalL In ccol sell-conlidence and long experience of life in its which he belonged. They never assail without is an immense boon to the British Dublic. There zeus of the drawing-room and the occupants o the feed-water is melted down from ice scaped the Fall of 1843, for instance, at their primdry elec- worst phases, gave him a great advantage over the assurance of victor\% without all the advantages is a ^Jlory told of a Benedict in Berlin who played pair horse carriages. Thus the "Fourth Estate'' from the surface by the motion of the car, aitd all— "raneans tome of them in the physical sense. At pile" that he could touch escaped ids hand. Per-"that lime the Post gave a long and piteous narra- haps no man's pie was free from liis ambitiousIn a street in a hreinan's row, at the head figlit,with its two hun-allow half-a-dozen divorces a year, and tli3se in the highest circles. 1 do not wish to see thingsling and counter-skipper, the lawyer's clerk and and studied oa thoroughly intelligently out, fmr,sucKuig barrister, the elegant of the Stock Ex- before involving and risking capitaL Bhoulo itstive of the outrages and indigiiilies perpetrated on linger." Huge fortunes were made such as he dred volunteer outsiders, Date Bsodzbick was arrive at such a inby pass England;change, and the exquisite of Regent-street trip itsuccess not be complete at first—we see no reason""ol n No.Inge Company 34,the respectable members of that party by rulHatis Willi astonishing celerity. Jim Bkckett came off quite a hero in his proper original sphere. In it either likely or possible. I do not exactly think on the light fantastic toe, in a manner and to a to anticipate a signal failure "" heretofore unknown in England. There arewhich too oftenever much they might in practice, or practices of and returned to die in New-York before he could flannel he seemed terrible. His charge at the pop his night-capped head out of a second-floor this taste. Notorious women of the town give balls, retards all maimer of engineering progress.this unpleasant character. "The notorious Date get a chance to spend any appreciable part of it. head of his battalion upon a crowd of quiet elec- window and pronounce a divorce a vinculo, or w liich they advertise in the new.-ipapers. It must be Bkodsbick" was in that article bitterly and furi- "A shorl life and a merry one,' was the motto and tors at the ballot-lioi, or a meeting of peaceable even a judicial seprration over a couple demand- quite a puzzle to Ihe nniiiilialed to read these, ously denounced by this style and title. The gangs sentiment of many of them. A short life, and a citizens assembled to express and discuss opinions, ing It at 2 o'clock in the morning' in the streets. considcrins the aristocratic names which these la-dies adopt. The ,\rgyle Rooms, open nightly, of desperadoes who had been supported and miserable death, was what they generally real- was irresistible. There is a medium in all things. But I believe present the features of a curious social institution.cheered by those who directed the ized. BnoiirEICK alone seems never to have lost In personal figure he was the superior of Walsh, that if the tie can be more Evening PosiCoontiT Clergymen and natiimoBr. A WOBD TO THE LATHKIT.Td Ute FMtor of tke Nev>- York Tirmt :were shutand contributed to it, were now found to be more sight of bis one original object. He never as far as stature, bulk and strength were concern- misconduct of either husband or w'lfe, wives and two years since, as a sacrifice at the shrine of pro-yourpa-brokendangerous to their employers than to that portion swerved from that unity of mirpose, to squander ed. He was deficient in the humor and jocose, husbands will behave better to each other, and I priety. Every now and then a ra:-:ia is made by Clergy of America." Belonging, myseit, to that cof the community whom had been theythat wealth that was dear to him as the instrument genial disposition for which MlEK was remarkable, also am ofto molest, insult, assault and drive from the pulls. of attaining power and high place. In the very anS was altogether a more seriously-disposed and de] endent upon his partner for the comforts of•*Thua bloody instructions returned to plague the first movements for the political organization Of calculating person. home, even lo the meal which he eats and the sorts of immorality, is attacked by Messrs. Dog- The laymen of the Church, as has been oftaa re-organizedopinionthat the mechanic who is soinventors, and even-handed justice commended the the community, he made himself master of the The lives and deaths of these two notorious clothes which he wears, and the mechanic's wife, berry and Verges, of the Magisterial Bench. In marked, are too apt to consider theh- pastors eadmrsd "poisoned chalice to their own lips." "primaries" by his experimental familiarity with New-Yorkers, these two genuine, unaffected Dem- who has no legitimate consolation should her vain;the remedy is hypocritical, and the outcry with the peculiar faculty ofliving oo sifliai'.* Ae-"they"(meaning Thisisafact,overwhichitisuselesstepoodar.Fbb,Hisa Walsh being, by unanimous acclaim, the New-York system of doing such b'lsiness ocrats, abound in lessons which I shall not take husband treat her like a brute, ought to have the dishonest and tyrannical. Mr. Bionell, the pro- ^ordingly, when they are reminded that ths qsartarly"" President and commander of the SpartanArgyle Rooms, considers himself a payment Is due, many of them have wnttimg to giva>andSubterranean" Clubs, Datid C. BsooEdiCK was States were baffled and confounded by his quick lators, in the shape of admonitions or warnings. chased by wealth, and which luxury has hitherto the well-dressed and quietly conducted women) "do ink and paper liave already l>een rapeatedtyUsd, batof in which Uis Secretary,peculiartalents andchineryof fraih! and violence was at hisface, that our emmtry clergymen are obllgad to lirslainthat of his compee|r^WALSH, 1 observe that while were likewise unattached to the BroderickKiKl waa disinterested, honest anil maijnanimons in money matters, heedless of pecuniary profit-disdainingareofthecommunity,andleft no improperindulgence. OnSundayevenings,Lon dance. I do not say this as against the nrofitahlefor takecounselGaosplaot haveMoveiclose,as a females necessary consequence. Reputablewife to share bis trials andthat ol hisMere childrentheir abolition. Thev are but features of the age.its license and its style.place, it makes If pteasaater for himself, pisaaaatera "job" as he did a bribe—liRonaiucK covetous, acquisitive of gain, anil com-Kepreseatative ihp 26th, 27lh and 'i^th Congresses. BaooEB- I'.K rose gradually, became a member of the Leg- islature, a State Senator, and President of the Sen-thebetterportionone with wbom to beavenialMmr morality or intention of the proprietor, but Much more Coes be need an affsMoaate aaslMaKwasparatively cautious in his expenditures.tained hunself in what was to him a comfortablr'«njoyment of life by the receipts of his business.Although he had served an apprenticeship of fivojears to the trade of stone cutting, (which was who looked to him as their chief andone human to mourn for him. D. 1". B. don is like an out-door casino without music. It , beinglooked tomeans of subsistance. The "grog-shop" Although liislected of his own free choice as besthebe had devoted himself,father,) he never afterwardsbusiness was that which he seems to have se-not the ellect of of thewill the sect were nevereoagregatla^ aad does away with aU rthoasit as aArbitrary measures bezmning atfor theto bia genius and most likely to yield him prompt re-merely to have banishment, hisworse. On the other side the stylishtuna. His first Cornmeifce-street, iir a house toits erasuretroduction ofcufis, nightlyname of '• The hemovedto the place beforeattraotad the no-tmokingappropriatema«e Taiutr, bywho was Coart, alsothinas should not In concludtafT•' reataiks,' IvSaHabya^ofopening" in this linebeforepunity and often withof well-dressed girls,quiescence, or the foundation of an illicit intrigue.» doinlatoa_to ijWlpublic."In1847,hebecameacandidate for theto remam on anotoflieGreekaad reserveandmodestymnst,however,begreatly'mtOm a&ish 11www.fultonhistory.com-jS,^ ^an ^_—^laaM.At Welhr's terra in the UnitedproceedHe main-is as ilCremornc Gardens had overflowed ther anil hnpsasaradaptedprofligate,Mr. Tsrrr sailed or smartly dressed gent," may accost with im- feature also m LondontaeiDselves iamatrlaoiiy. Is. that the charch i« '°°^f(7to saaaeitwhich he gave named, "Theaaors quarrel Srassnti.n the families of worldly awat AitMi Itaaaawas inheand beforehim. Inearlysuccess andtheAspiruig politicians from other parts of the Unitedpains to present to their numerous ambitious emu- same redress, at least, as that which can beof morals. "If Sreineftaocrtoofrthspubliccontent withthesubordinatebutresponsiblepost and dexterous management. The whole ma- NorshallI further moraUze their uponselfishlyclaimedastheviciousWhatever be thetonoavail. Thestemreality"— loon or grog-shop," on the corner of Hudson and vious reasiii.s, ignored, lie rose to high inllurnce as ited by their evil behavior and lawless actionsCSbarit<m streets, where his set, and a throng of rapidly as ifaf- the Unitedaloud forwror in himself an elevator of they are found fault with by every one. Each reqoires g deeming publicyears. The two Ilepresentali'ves» ife and children, hath given hostages to society,"spoilt or neglected beings.ChurchCongress faction. Kexmost was succeeded ui the Senateas a*Men of the world findJoii.s B. a Weller, previouslya mlnirter of tbe toa'e. The formation of the teiribleniillee, with its acts of vinilictive retribution, es-whole metropolis.peciallyfor there exists no lon- places. I cannot say that I would recommend ried beforetheSubterranean,"whence limewasaKentuikiannamedhad ,the promise of a fine careerboyhood hia taste for architecturetice of bla friends, and he waa placed underthecannotnotGaily dressed daaut or demtiselita ic etmMoirtheir attractive lebks toare aelected for iaaclnateandiddachaimRe-him a Judge of the Supremesuchfurther than idle flirtation.p«nnltted Assem- the expirationsubsequent revision.or ratherMaidenlyStatesSenate,became a prominentRomaa elaariu, with other braaehes ofeUeglita imperiled bysnch conduct, whichthewaydirectedaadpsainathlamkasr- pnaar that flMyataaMbaagainst the ^jiflians and felons Jir^tor, had permanently retarding kis course. name was put upon the original list proscribed, the most favored of whom weretheir cl.oice betweensocial acience. for Europe. He was then in excellent bealUi,tha.k^^of themInsnchcircunniaiices. wby«iau<Hfea*'alinaaawealth causedwas served with notice. Among hisLittle morethan threeyears agothronged by both troope and myriads sexes, where coffee is a substitute for spinta, andreputedcreatures retained on the fatal scroU for someof Bbodkbickmade, an opportunity for the itodythe gue<t^ Aboat threesince twot»t)MjM«ne. remanable lettersJJ^'^Tp^-srstSifrlS&gSKfeCiffgfi: Eetiar argnaMBts thaaha has a|ina«sitam.Ma Inlh af bis obaervatiaas, itmrald ksiMlMr Maje. w. .VigilanceCom-consequently they reputationson K bom bixblv importantparallel command, courses and twin fates, further than to denounceappanage revelations of the Divorce andpriety was, and is, indeed, strictly observed, andstiU tto staresasIsgradual new acquirements found exercise. Hi.'« and ui a community where the antecedent history as largely responsible for the vices of their lives, Police Courts in respect of British matrimony, the " Duchesses." There certainly is the finest music, the poorest and plainest manner, in order t* keep wpoccopation was that of keeper of a drinking sa- of every man was by general consent, and for ob- and the horrors of their deaths, all those who prof- streets of London, and, indeed, of every town in and Mr. Biomell may, after all, not be so very even appearance of respectability. Critleised by all,blasphemy. He, rather than Hike, was their but one political denominatioa among such a the New-York Times to protest here, (in the ii;ime ah<i erii'l. TiioHsant:^. it is true, are driven into war' I. storefl to hiiii, and there is more decorum, I)o«s the brother then ask " why it is that the coii» teaclier, "guide, philosopher and friend," and people. All were iJemocro/ic by force of circum- of many who feel an interest in public morals and the ja'.vs of ihe jiaiiited hut shastly iniuotaur, iittier music. an<l more brilliiint gas-light than try clergy of America is so easily recognised iiy Itsfrom thewhich be constantly took with his stances, whatever might have been their previous who desire to discourage the production and exal- which, like the laliled monster of Crete, de- e\er. I am inclined to agree with the proprietor, air of poverty?" or "why it is that Ihsir hniasi arc that he does more good than harm.' The evil mustpainsown education, naturally and easily obtained over associations. tation of characters such as I have here faithfully vours annually a tithe of the daughters of be remedied "by striking at the root. Hend the Euc^ uncomfortable, dreary, uniavitiag plaassi" Itthem that ascendancy which the rude and igno- In a few years lie was ostimated or supposed to and impartially described from full knowledge,) free England through the medium of stark code of morality of the man of pleasure, be heIs only to point him to the evBs I havealready mot-rant iiit>en&ibly and spontaneously accord to ;i su- be worth several hnndred thousand (l.jllars. His against the conduct of those Senators and Repre- poverty and the desperation of want. Thou- nobleman or retired paietot-m^iiCTperior and sympathetic mind. He employed an in- lavor and mtluence were sought, as highly impor- bcntatives in Congress who, in their worse than sands fall victims to the corrupt blan- wages of the seamstress ; do not crush, kill, and looks.;Miuctor (someto attend at his dailyto the success ofeulogies, extolled this man as a pa. disliments of weailh. But there is something complain at the same time. Make your reform I know not In wbat relation the aotiKiror the artieleplace,givecandidates for office. portuniticsemployedhold hermight, bowever, suppose "thatpoor i>rholar) him lessons insuperfluous thsn a magistrate's hypocrisy or an In-tant, if not absolutely essential,He league togetherpartyan exemplary schoolboy, to the acuiuisition and bold and unscrupuWa, diRering on no pomt o,tiiot statesman, and thus presented him as more liian this. There is a wide-spread demorali- dfeper spector's duty.refened to stands to the matrimonial alUanos. Oosanda thorough English and general education. At theall theseand facilities to make friends lot him-allop.Letyouth of New-York and America, by rendering to branded and lost, although .in accident may at any small, bleeding, womanly head ;the- of branchesbe belongs to tfesan exemplar and a model for the aspiring zation, which comprehends a class not publicly agis between the policeman's truncheon and a cies Bachelor." At the mere supposition of soeh aappointed hour, on the appearance of histor, he regularly retired with him to a remote room mo'.i interest ain the upper part of the house, and surrenJerodhimself, with the dociity and pa«^ive obedience of the Sou' hern Party, composed of men equally unseltish lo\e and pure devotion, the highest pow- there are an immense number of young women boni Casino, as it is called, less stiff and fashiona- bring in the marriage tie, and speaks, we tiUok, toorecitation of his allotted tasks. He liim- subjectedHe was Hot successful immediately;this case,there is nogroundfor even the poor- gratification of their vanity and illicit passion";, i i- in :igalleryit was noticed that be brought lorwa'd butargu-precep-self,and tolieroism interpose on tne belrtif of erring ministry ibould ungrudgingly deny themselves theprinciple.seU to this levere course of study ami mental dis- and cii the organization of the State Governmenttiilutes of insincere and unmerited praise were many without inquiry or hiu'lrance. The dunce, ;il the .\ri}.'e. Then there is Mon's, near Port- into the hands of Poverty. Now, if such is indeed land Place, a later and more fashionable resort, *lhe case- and there Is but Utt.'otiouitol the truta of uHered in considi ration of the l?elings of mourn- the theatre, the Sunday walk, the return home Iruin where " ladies " attend in evening dress. In the txiematttr—IsilnotadarkEiaioon tne cbaracter of ing family or relatives ; for he was kinless, and work, if cmiiloycd or apprenticed, affjrd at other places I have named, women dance in their the Church? Is it not a sname tbat a mlnisier of the of choice, alone in the world. " He who hath once the temptation and the opportunity to these shawls and bonnets, and men with their hats on. gospel, cne who has devoteJ himself to tbe service of Christ, should rot receive sufficient support from the ti» enable him to provide for a wile andcipline, accompanied and loUowed JullN C. Fee- by appropriate he was still found in a minority.reading, until he was Beii^iied witli his progress, mom and William M. Gwi.i were the first United and able to complete or indefinitely continue his States Senators, the former drawing a sh^irt termeducation unaided and self-tlireried.Parsllinglbe parallel between bis character andof a few weeks, and the latter a long one ofb> insixThen there is Caldwell's which, in ray opinion, is far moreby the bond of a com- of his own. This was soon known as the New-York Party, in oiiposition t;ihanging aador to the less attractive domain of"life-indeath is the in- aUniatatsBkay notonltehim honors due only to the just, the truly brave mcintnl cause tl^e loss of tritnds, occujiation and ' 'it is too late inland. Besides the .\rg\le rooms, there is the Hol- world to come. In such a sacrifice be en-earors toto be unencumbered in his selfish warfare against tims to false views, bad training, lax morality and 'gurlsto haveDeath of Thamaa A. TelTt, Esi|.We have already announced the recent death, atFlorence, Italy, of Taos. A. Txrrr, Esq., of Richmond Rbode Island, at the early age of 3'i—a man who. ifbad lived, would have achieved marked dlstlac- Uon In the special department of acience to whichYou do not now see or hearo the artful old procuress waiting for the country wagon to delude some innocent or stupid girl, asIIImayreputarion, andwhich causes the loss oflosing of.encipatlons. ; r 1The autbor of tbe artlcls rcfmed to is tits ooIj' P*cin theferior to few genialsister-branch of Uterature,wrong end. The Pharisaic*• raaaatuition of Messrs. Taujli» 4 Bcoxu!r, dence. While vmder their care be Ibond,of Provi-True, in some cases,I hope tbe'and would have proved in-the passer-by with brazenIniCan-not amend the evil. It ispetty jealousies which are to creep lalo tiM nulsh aptbly in the Legislature of this Btate, at the sametime when hia friend Hike waa in nomination by candidate for the place, and rallied all his friends stody, and gradoated at Brown Oalrertity to ISU. to a fnture Upae. Bach is the Cyprian at. appeared in the Loodon 7V«««, od the '" Social Uspeac*.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Docopaveayeanument•-*>*»». *.*T«^^<vacancythe election sleo of a successor to Senator Gwur. the baadsoniest edifices of which that elty can boast. higher, or even the middle ciasaee. When a num- his admirers to TnaAcCKELK^AT. M.^^MS,ontbesubject. Atthetimeofhisdeathhewasen.gaged in the application of his principles to the sys- tems of European weights and measures,naively liis veteran lordship.Again, when Gen. (Jemhi) Hacdokald, aid-de-proposed, together with the fact that the iwho old not know bira, have lost an ornament to their " "—an unsurp-issed prolegr, Jutlge Txbbt. common country, of whom it be that we consider the amount of foreign profligacy machine will lie started by railway from Jenerimpulsive, reckless, overbearing and violent of the facts in the romance of historytwo, more ambitious to lead, direct and dictate, instance of what may be accomplished against On his return to the Pacific coast, at the ad- if there were lew equal to him, there was scarcely which Her Majesty is compelled to welcome—from City, where it has been Ixulding, for tlie Vageraad had manifestly a far larger share of the gilts hopeless odds and incalculable disadvantages, by that attract attention and win favor from the rab- n resolutely, boldly and unscrupulously ambitious ble or populace of a city. lie had genuine elo- man of stiong mind. As specimens ot a host of qnence, such as stirs a mob to enthusiasm and his co-emigrants may be mentioned Billy Mulligan sometimes to uproar and riot. Bbooekick never Wooley Kearney, Charley Duane, Yankee Suliivan, figured much asl an orator before popular assem- T. Belcher Kay, Chris. Lilly, Jim Beckett, Jimblies. In a small meeting, as of a cluli or com- Turner and James Casey. Tliis Ust might be pro—mittee, he could make his power felt could or- longed into a perfect galai^ of names equallyone superior.Tbe New Blrarce Conrt—Rerelatlans of should be over-shadowed the of her rivers of a boundless region the veryin the time of Hogaeihger such an evil necessity. accost'licentiousness.chester and other manufacturing towns it is even;oicr In tbe Arst settling Say parish.might truly said,journment of Congress, he was met by a furioussterm of reproach which he faced unflinchingly.He joined in the ensuing canvass for Governor inopposii io.T to Wkllkr, the regular candidate, but to SOCIAL EVILS ASD CRIMES IN EfiOLlSD, who sunound her, with but few exceptions, we step in a most novel and important branch irf intinno effect—the Administration party triumphing bycannot but lament that the virtues of the woman communication, which will render tnea His large majority.activity duringthatstrug-by hypocrisy XileeBtlensnesa la I<«ndoii—PreTalenee af State, and do not wonder that she for the re-way" of commerce—a track whose conatrm^tiaB— and repair account is footed by Jack Frost rival-theleading partisans;tirementBalmoral,him into several violent—Crime Dancing Saloons, &c.with and he received several challenges to fight, which he answered at the time by a general announcement that he would give no man a hostile meeting until after the elec-sighs and has more thangle broughtdisputesof WilleroncelilFE IN I<OI9DON.Rajah steeped in iniquity and crime—when we condition.think of the history of the Ministers Should tbe experiment succeed, it is the firstofhinted how gladly she would, were it possible, re- ing the Great Eattem in novelty and Talue to tire with her husband and children into the sereni- Americans, at least, and filling up a breach in o«rThe Court ol Sir Creswell Ceeswell is at ty of private life. system of internal improvements, which, in Bbg- tion. Accepting then a call to the dueling ground present the most active in England. The bank- With regard to the middle classes, as they are land and France, could only be filled byfiom Judge Tbbbt, alter what he considered due ruptcies of Hymen are numerous, and the details called, there is undoubtedly a great deal Of sub- and francs, in the shape of embankments, eatt prepcralion, he met his antagonist. He had for are by no means such as to advance the cause of stantial good left in old country families, and in and expensive superstructure.years practiced with the pistol until he considered morality. The learned Judge himself has been certain veins and branches of social life. Still, I That the nndertalting wiU, succeed ia, as fiu as himself a skillful marksman. But when be saw heard to denotmce his own Court in no measured can observe a marked deterioration in style among we have heard, the univided opinion of aeisBtificganize, driU and manage a fighting-gang or faction brilliant in politics, law and morality. Co.nparing—^was less demonstrative, less fond of paialiog this band with any and every other hitherto leav-Umselfbefore the public for mere egotism and love ing or hereafter to leave this City, it must be ac-of diaplay, than Walsh. Ue was industrious, pa- knowledged that " take them for all in all, wetient, podding. He was fully conscious of his ne'er shall look upon their like again." It is not mydefideneies of edncation, appreciated the import- purpose to trace in detail the Californian career ofance of folly repairing them, and gave himself dil- Brodibice. The attempt would involve an amountUgently to hard systematic study for that purpose. Jjf labor which I cannot expend upon such a task.Although apparently as free and unrestrained by "Even the-leading incidents of his life there would the eyes of his ferocious enemy directed on him at terms, such as I am unwilling to repeat, and surely young persons of both sexes in a superior grade of men. Upon recent inspecrion, we foand tka ma- moral and prudential considerations as any of his fill a large book. They are part of the history of that briefdistance,with a concentrated tliis high priest of conjugal and marital dissoliition life. The toleration of such writers and chine entirely completed, except in a ftw arfaor publicterriblyprofligate associates here, in bis habits and mode that State, and most of them a matter of public hate which is the natural sequel of alienated ought to be considered an authority. But then instructors as Albebt Smith has done much to details and adjustments. A prolonged aad ciilieal«f life, he was not the man to become a victim of record. But what I do know that has been hitherto friendship, his nerves failed him utterly. His fal- should we not make an allowance for the festering break down certain barriers of decorum where- examination of the various conditioos of aai alus^mnkenneas or any vice ruinous to health. He unnoticed in what has been spread before the world, hand could not teringand wives of and varieties of possible obstruction and accHeut,. respecta-From Oar Own Oorrespondeat. LosDOSf, Friday, Jan. 27, 18W).etisilybytheTlieyup byKingitOm, cryhe had filled with honor the most im- fortlirig them material aid and comfort therein, while The " social e\ il," as it is cabled, has reached a lnt>rals and taste. '' I teach them to behave as an equal share of tbetr time and attentisn, and ail de-kindred spirits, habitually congregated to luxuri- portant places in the City from whicl^he had emi- expressing a coldly-cautious «U<a['proval of the ],ilch in this— countryimprovcmeut.a Lucvo in " Sloa- ladies," ho boasts, " and I have the best orchesfa mand tbat, in face of diiapldat«d parvoaaxesaad-aslf-whichate in bad liquor, "Democracy," obscenity and grated. There was but one party there could be same. But. iiiconclusioii, 1 respectfully ask leave ol sun- lor Measure could look on without horror vidual iriuniplied uvcr his oppresi-'ors. His license and eloquence of their more favorei city brethrea."onlythat can be had for money." This spirited indi- pald salaries, theymustwltti ailpreach the Isrvornor do I believe—result is ready ac- an acquaintance doesis freely indulged in. I with this substitution, but I fearGardens for aand the ladies there nsnrped the amnsements of the ladies of anotherpMeentthe villages of the Slate (Rhode Island) will tw found class, the outward demeanor of the fail totindets creduhty of the journal. Their VrStWWbnightsProcl^ed the tact. Thesa' lettm awarand to his anbitae- completetnral edncation, he resolved to study the cathedralsand tea>Dlas of the greatest masters in tbe Old World. sad havoc. The Karquis of Claibicaboe is a sent reign of the andabla (nSCitymerable adventurers, among whom were many ofthe class to which he belonged and which he was.accustomed to rule. At that moment flashed be- his new position, moreover—mora reed Democracy signed Ferioies," wtdeh speared In this j^maal take down a word vU by him, by niTi iiiiirrtii iiiiil milsupposed—more In 'Eogjisfawanm have a tw»4eld eiMtSea:companionshippardoolar.sin t •teimuught and disptoportioned eulogy of liim in fore liis mind's eye the vision of his coming greal- in other quarters than among the Southern and durhig 1SS9 With a versatlUty of talent, bat uniform- consent. But the Conrt smiled on him, and ha ilization, and the evil is ^paraatly antIhstly Itnew little of liis real history and character; character of the openmg field and enterprise, and most naturally reiy for support. These circum- bis felluw-helags thereby, besttacked the abs-ird and fiery flakes. Ere long he brought forward philan-A Locomotire oa the lea.Thepublicwassomemoothssince oftbeintention,andto someextentoftka|yet he had much real merit for which they gave the prospect presented to daring and determinedkimDOcredit. LesspraiseaiidmoretriUhwould meninthestances, with a natural preference which hia posi-tion and Mm oj-ionions gaveanno} log system of currency prevalent in Englandthropie measures in tbe House of Lords, and wasand Heisnowa applauded.the readers of the Niw~" *-—-'-wiiitnn « ji_ii -i ii masked wahtcii—t i**^—fiIn thisway.and In apampfalet dlstingnisbedand on the Continentfor the luddlty of its argument, and at least as able as those of Sir Joua Bovamo on the same subject, he;of reftiaad —" *— *•'" *" -co"m"l•i*i"o—nto, reporteddistinguished nobleman in the van of social im-the paTTcnues of the Parisian pave to an Eastern Mississippi, where the ice is in a moat Cavoiabfeassailingsay she has lost thebodypur-ofthefew. notcomehere,wherearetheytogo?"hesays. Pro-I learers of an honorable and ennobling ambiiion. In who intrigue for dress, pocket-money, and la-: ble ui the iirolligate style, where smokingis allowed severely with legard to the mlnisrers o tne gospel*•«:.nd wise, who com-ecrate to their country, with anliunie. In London especially, and its vast suburbs,!Merry Eng- pleatures of this world lor tbe bepe of the joyt or tiieabove. Here the nightly crush is tre-shallow, common-place apology that these hollow seine few cases without e.vciting suspicion, and in imi.di lis. and Ihe dancing far more vigorous than ment against this, and that was tbst It plunged toamIt is altogether a slate says Lord St. Aldans. Broderick had given no of tilings which must be seen to be ap|ireciated. such securities for good behavior. He preferred Sirtue is held cheaper than ribbons by these vic-Dancmg Academy,Iyoungisistcis. Alascause ofevil, than the Casinos, because introduced there to fast life, under theit both wives with whom theybe seen at Caldwell's withouttheir lose thatthe local about magistratesthe police upon the most unfortunate of the unfor- of indiridnals, I would in aU doe hnmllity beg tunaies of the street. Every now and then one of to answer a few of the inquiries of its aatkor, i the least offending, in point of conduct, of the re- as he states, with disinterested benevtdeaos.1the female frequenters of the Casino behave likeCharityprotectingspe-to follow. After these, I might enumerate scores of dancing1 lers marr; log;in test, thaeat asety Itth«much amended by these modem haunts.be thus. these few—increase thethese furnish tbe tbe eflsets of abick dry sermons, sleepless nights aad meiaashotvpernicious,familvpleassntaad praAtabte majrcoonsallancard plea of recreation and instruction in th- to worl*y affairs. Way. iben, may it not be s^aaltyof ayonag.namanled mtolrer.successful correctors of immorality. A new We seeLOsB, ooacluslveiy, that only whymorals are.^^^^ y^yman''*aMBp»ttanalah»aWsr:itonal'VseiMi. TiiliiiiM^ well as curiosity shrinks from the tMB^ tttf ItaiI have touched.upon •«!^.^„ der to proclaim the sad tmth nUTiof these realms, there eilat» a wU»annatiiveirtrtenhg. TS^t^^pSdr^S^SIS:thickness and smootimess ofwhich render it*case it should break through the ice.will certainlynot be owing to that reckless, immature, lialf-permctedscheminghumbugsthepublic aadI in a late edition of noticed,valnal>lf>per, an articla entitled " A Word to tite Wanld-betlonedare cause,.fact my blood luna wld. He has truly said tliatlet femile men tbemMlvea to work of tM youEg devoting theuutiBg themselves In the bonds of iredlock. Parnapahave ever heard apeAIbb acatastUais-Poverty," have his fI^it''  Inifcan