 NEW YORK HERALD. ere-The Cosu-ee Be* ISM l a i a a to Take.fleeting Thote of our citizens and Bojoorn«« *{? *" not behind the scenes of the poUtical ^entrerentloa af harMlata la «aplee. announcement that Sardinia is about to send an army to Naples wk take no one by surprise. Matters were haftening toward* astar at all, no more than our city star-gazers can get their oyw'on Venus In the dazzling sun- shine.J A M S * O O B D O I B « M *ITT,TherejectionbytooAlbany Regencyclique of the fuatod beaut arranged asd accepted by their own appointed sub-committee, demon sir itf i. beyond the possibility of a doubt, thatPartj •* tW 14. wUft tatt fetnaJH,,iDtioB AND mmaxtm.OfHCt *. W. OOBKW OF »AaSA0 AMI TVhTOX 8T8.were astonished on Tnunday night last by animposing demonstration of the Wide A ^ B J O * point which threatened to involve her tn another THE WsstEBv DBMOCSACV—MB- SawatOBma» «* «< l%eTHE"***ir "'f^&J^ZjZ&^LriyMW/«r. «9-bn Now OtMMmra ui aa*»V e iBlasts.aatCStJtBKTB TO-MOBBOW 1TEKISO.The turnout of Thursday was, however, asmall affair, compared with the Wide Awakedemonstration which u to take place in thiscity on the evening of the third of October.There are in {the Northern and Eastern j States revolutionary movement oat of his hands. over four hundred and twentyj&ousand votersdown ;"' that "we do not intend, under the cry Oagger, who, upon the evening prtviens, stated that theyWALLACE.* THEATRE, Broadway-1•OWXJTTB Canaur's Mac A MMA corresponding spirit of brotherly love famanifested on the other ride, and "traitors," person bat DougteaUes* To which Mr. Oagger repiMdLAtJBA I B A T S TBBATBB, CM Mtmi Bov- T oallow them to go back of Ike CnawssttBa aadgatoaaap that ttafswrad them to put oa the electoral ticket sag Thee, say the onmsnsitee men, we are te aaaeratsodno* r«ot*Mrf *» « • * * ' >p*<•'-m >iQtaiu conroatoa among the national conser- vi.in- iutereeU of this State, in order that its rir- otal vote may be thrown for Lincoln by the black republican minority of the popular Tote.-SATAJT O* t A t f a - M fbe dragged through the mud wherever the dogafter Mr. dagger's state. of the General Owmiuee, M ^ pry to the aaaatiea af a ajajsjj w, if thai Nsotata* weattAMMXICAM MU8TOM, *W«**^-^"**BMTAMTT MTMSntBU*. Sonus, UA»C«S, ACBall. 471 Broadway.—-WllTS ' u u ABUT. i n wsingular coincidence that whenever Dean Rich mood came to New York to talk about fusion, Thurlow Weed bad business which called himfaction. Of course, under this condi-tion of things, "old Abe" will make a cleansweep of the great West The Vermont andMaine elections have settled the question forthe East and the only living chance for the de- upon whose shoulders rests 1 aa empire, but he wa« ajoctBroadway-Hoots A OSAMTHU't KIMTUU » BVmoru* BOMB, BnuuMViliiOOOKATlOftBAIA.mysterious msneer during the entire morning, l:<e 00ar Xsion passed up Broadway, between flevB* o'clock and Midnight, the scene presented was a meet extraordinary one. As far as J o eye could reach fhece was a line of vivid light, not straggling he^e and there, as is frequently the case with torchlight parades, but as aWalght and regular Is the company parts of a crack regimentof<jitbensoldiers. TheWideAwakes have evidently bees drilled by capable officers,and were handled by their commanders with thorough military precision.renounce her policy of inaction. Garibaldionce master of the two Sicilies, the stipulationsof the treaty of Villafranca In regard to Venice, the followers of Mr. Breckinridge and the disci-, at /ear <*««» p*"and the promises of protection made by Louis Napoleon to the Pope, would soon have to be classed amongst the political impossibilities of the day. Working out his objects by the aid ofthenon-interventiondoctrine,ithasbeen Garibaldi, constant study 4 avoid anything that might afford a pretext for its infringement He had less, however, to fear; from the govern- ments directly hostile to him than from the equi- vocal conduct of France and Sardinia. What was to be apprehended most was, that they would endeavor to take jpe control of theTbepreeeaiowaanofths_TM p^„„m secret dmibarasia. oearty all day yesterday at the St. Nicholas Hotel, ooMiaarlag what they aheaid do wHh their new poGBessioas, or rather that which they hars b r resolution,andrormartyeoatroUedbystrategem.VariMsj city aad State pettttBtaBS w a n fluttering aboat the hotel in the morning, to see what was to awdeaebytae managers, s a t although it wax ike general Impress,*, that something woatd be done, yet no one knew what.<Aeples of Mr. Douglas, there is just that harmony existing which prevails at the high carnival of the belligerent factions of a Donnybrook fair.For instance, Mr. Senator Bright of Indiana. inoneofhiscampaignspeeches,declaresthat the Breckinridge men "do not intend to be written down by newspaper editors; nor slan- dered down; nor do they intend to be bullied^/vSTs*" COMMMSrOfDMlKM. ill li I f Aw**"* There are facts and coincidences in recent '%i0the public eye, and which should be remem- Mm. W bered. It baa been evident from the first mo- ment of.the split at Baltimore, that if the con- a^tvBtrtw^atereets here could be honestly ACADEMY or MUSIC rounseata a*set,-itAUAs on- united in support of one electoral ticket, the voteNif New York coald be iriBLO'8 dABDEir, Broadway.-' taken away from the black republicans OABDIW, Btyadway.-ruav Cta«.B-Uw by a majority running from forty thousand to one hundred thousand in the popular rote. With this conviction in the public mind, Mr. Seward has been confi- dently declaring, everywhere from Maine to Minnesota, that New York will go for Lincoln by a plurality of eighty thousand, the Albany Btowwry.-A*TOBV AS* CUOrAtSa- clique meanwhile, vibrating between Albany and New York, professing to be endeavoring to effect a fusion of the conservative elements against the black republicans. Bnt it is aerects, while the negotiations for fusion were rasvwJeViL*TaUi.-rTBsarorsetoluiiau.Lames*a»r»« pending,thatshouldnotpasaunperceiredbyChathamOAKTBBBCBT MUSIC HALU MB Broadwej.-Boxsa, satisfied politicians in town. Now that the de-featofLincolnliesinthethreeCentralStates aswiseafterspendingafewhoursaboatthehnetaa those assuming lam hapattsans Oagger wasflyingback of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York. and forth—first in secret session with Bichmoc i, thee Indeed,fromthe present complexion of the con- walking the hall with some of the valuetears, and the test in the first two of these States, we may say aext minute off in search of James T. Brady, to me what bargain cauld be made with him. The volunteers and their friends ware moving about larger thai Ufa. coa-NATIOBTAL THIATU. DBAD SHOTstreei.-Viaeis:iis-olas, he has been one of the most confident andsigns of these trading politicians have become manifest, the repeated declaration of Mr. Doug- las that "the next President must come from Illinois'' attains a new and important signi- ficance.Central Committee on Friday were in session yes-terday at the St. Nicholas hotel. They rejected Regency clique have made it manifest that theyOAIB« w Y ork, Mi Meptcmbcr 16, 1S60.The New*.The Bab-committee appoiuted by the Dougla3that the whole weight of the battle is thrown upon New York Here we have the means and the men for ihe work, but as Dean Rich- mond has constituted himself the chief engineer we cannot be very enthusiastic, for was be not the dictator of the balance of power at Charles- ton and a't Baltimore?the proposition of the volunteers, and declaredcan never again obtain admission to a nationaljourned, and marched in procession, with torches And mtufo, to Newark, where they were ably ad- dressed by Hon. H. V. Johnson, candidate for Vice President, and J. M. Harrington, of this city.administration through a fusion of all the great Northern railroad interests. To obtain thi confusion of the conservative political element^And what is the "highest phase"= cthe brief telegraphic account of the disaster thathas reached us, we learn that fire persons were ral ticket as circumstances may render killed and twenty-five wounded, several of them politic. By this act the certainty of cast-seriously. The names of the killed we give in our despatch.ing the electoral vote of the Empire We publish in another column additional parti- State for Lincoln and Hamlin is secured.It now remains to be seen whether Garibaldiwill allow the glorious missioi which he hasthus far accomplished to be passively taken outof his hands. His myslerioui disappearancefrom Calabria is in all probability owing to bis expense to the advertisers, usually, however,culars of the loss of the steamer Lady Elgin, in- cluding the testimony, given before the Coroner, of Captain Halott, of the schooner Augusta, the vessel that collided with the steamer. The totalThis defeat of the wishes of the great conser- vative elements in New York throws the rate of the present struggle into the States of Pennsyl- vania and New Jersey, where it is to be hopedreferring to something lost or requiring imme. intended diate publication, such as the stoppage of notes suddenly and checks and so forth: but an instance occur-number of bodies recovered np to the 12th inst. a more honest and national set of politicalwas fifty-four. managers will enable the conservatives to tri- The Prince of Wales tarried at Niagara Falls umph. The final result in those States willyesterday. He critically examined that wonderful depend on that of the Pennsylvania State work of nature, and witnessed the extraordinary election on the ninth of • next month. If feats of Mona, Blondin, who walked on hie ropeover the Falls with a man on his back, and re- Foster, is elected there as Governor the#it is to be hoped that the proclamation ofhaving received news of intervention by Sardinia, andturned, for the first time, on stilts. The Prince protested against both these foolhardy exhibitions, tutfinallyyielded. Subsequently the Prince com- plimented Blondin on the success of his perform- ance.in another column may be found interesting de-tails of news from Honduras. The correspondencefrom Truxillo clearly narrates the proceedings ofthe commander of the British sloop-of- war Icarus,in compelling Walker and his band offilibusterstoevacuate the fort at that place, and the subsequentmovements of the invaders until their arrival atLuna.4. Walker left the fort secretly on the nightof the Slat ult, with about eighty men, all well whose only aim is their own profit, withoutabolish the army and navy altogether. As statement comesfromthe foremost man ininterval that must elapse before this can betaken would suffice to mature;! the Dictatorsarmed adB in good spirits. On the 23d he had abattlewiththeHondnrans,inwhichonemanwaskilled andfivewounded. It is believed, therefore,regard to the great national interests at stake—and through which all the money contri- buted to defeat Lincoln should be disbursed, inkindled there, and in all the commenlboth the Lincoln organs there runs a visympathyforthewretcheswhohavem<Texas the just reward of their crinuFive passengers were killed aad twenty fire worn led, some it is feared fatally.the names of the killed by the collision on the Racine and Mississippi Railroad last evening —Mr. Baker, produce dealer, of Deiaran. Wisconsin Morgan Seaverns, or DarieaMrs. Daris, of Sharon,A son of Mr. Call in,and a son of Mr. Stopful, o[ Ijelavaa.The train had on board a large party of exenrsionitts, returning from a county fair at Hkborn, several of whom were seriously injuredhis objection to the propoaition offered 00 Friday ta writing: whereupon Mr. Cagger sent the volunteers u.? following letter —Nxw YOIK, Sept. 15,1860 Jvo. T. Hasxr, Esq., Chairman. \c —TheDemocratic8tateCentralCommittee whlb-ettrem ly a&xiots to make concession within its power t > secure die co operation of all who are opposed to the •:••;:, of Lincoln and Hamlin, are unable to accede to the pro^ie: tion contained la your letter of the 14th tnsUat. Very respectfully, yours, P. CAGGKR. SecretaryTo this letter the volunteers sent the following reply — Dsas Ricaaoao, Esq., Chairman, &c. .-—We have to acknowledge the red ipt o'rour cote of t:ia da e, deeiininp the propoaition which wc bad thy bonw of submitting to you on the 14th tnstaut. Wi.i you pie*** notify cs if you have any proposition to oi- r whuai «U1 tend to unite the opponents of republicanism. Wsare, very respectfully, JOHN I. HENRY, Chairmaxthat the report of his party having been reducedto twenty-five men is devoid of troth. It is re- order to prevent its being diverted to the pur-meanest and basest in the calendar of feloiThe plan of the Northern abolitionists, evi- helpless condition to which she is reduced, forportedthatColonel Henrywas killedinaprivate quarrel, and quietly buried at Truxillo.The smack Whim,of Throgg's Neck, Captain McOraer, having a load of oysters for this city, was ran into on Friday night, at about six o'clock, atHeltgate, by the steamer Empire State, of the Fall River line, while on her trip to Fall River, which resulted in the sinking of the smack anddrowning of Captain HcGruer and one man. Another was rescued, but is badly injured. The steamer proceeded on her way. The collision was said to be purely accidental.poses of the enemy and the profit of a few trea- cherous leaders. An honest and shrewd vigi- lance committee, appointed by the conservative Union meeting to-morrow night, with power to direct the use of the money to wherever the truefightmay lie, may yet save us from the de- structive political agitation and chaos with which the country is threatened.THE MrsTKBioraBarriaH MISSION OF Ma. LLND- sar.—There seems to be a good deal of feeling created in England about the reported mission to this, country of Mr. Lindsay, M. P ., as well as some difference of opinion as to the proprietynothing short of the consciousness of utter powerleasness should have induced her to look to Sardinia for protection. Ifshe is not, and takes no military measures to prevent it, she equally confesses her weakness; for unless she makes a stand now she will have all heirij dependenciesthat between her dread of revolution and her fear of French aggression, she Is completely paralyzed. She has persevered so long in wrong doing that she has neithe| the courage to retrace her steps nor to stake [everything on the defence of her traditional pollA FtsioN VACAXCT—MrTHKBEAtTVO|F THE LAW AS E.VPOCXDE0 of the German Douglas tic organ ofMuacolar Christianity had another illustration lastevening, at the Musical Hall, Brooklyn, on the oc-casion of a complimentary benefit to those mission*ariea of the order—Jim Cusick and Jack Mac- of the mission at all. The London Tines de- donald, the trainers of Benicia's child. The "Boy" nounces special missions altogether as unneces- himself was present, and "put op his hands" with sary and the following up of a bad precedent, Ed. Price, a distinguished member of the fatemity.Brown order.as they will, but the facts and their own wordsare against them. This admitted, the question wrested from her. one by one. The truth is, recurs as to whether or not the government ofthe country can be entrusted to a party w!leaders avow such principles as those wlare embodied inj the speeches of Sewardthe Lincoln organs. The conservative volof the Central States must answer this qition—oneof the gravest importance—atpolls.M. SoLOKox, Secretary. NEWSFROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL, To this letter the volunteer^ received uo reply, aadA watch waa presented to Cusick and a ring toMi odonald, aad the proceedings were enlivenedwith several good specimens of "the noble art ofself defence," and embellished by the charms of tion and coasting laws. The shipowners' soci- music.M. Leon Schisand has been recognized by the PresidentasConsularAgentofFranceresidentatNorfolk. Thedi- wouldagreetosubstituteBieckinr,dgecandidates:">rtheThree steamers Bailed from this port yesterdayety of London have pasted resolutions regret-ture, enterprise and social position, from different fo- reign nations.ticket: we decline this proposal and consider the aege-av tsathma closed unless you have some material amend- ment to make. J. T. HEVHY Chairaaa.for Europe—namely, the City of Manchester, for ting Mr. Lindsay a visit to this country, and Liverpool, with 147 passengers aad 1111,391 in declaring that he does not possess the confidenceM. SOLOKOS, Secretary.By the course they have pursued the Albanyfall power to make and unmake a State electo-and objects particularly to the selection of Mr. Lindsay, upon the grounds of his qualification fortheduty,which,asourreadersknow,isto induce our government to modify the naviga-this city, the Stoats Zeitung,lias withdrawn as one of the electors of the Douglal and Bell coa-lition ticket. The reason appears to be the refu-sal of the Dean Richmond committee to explainwhether the ten Bell electors on^jatd ticket aregenuine ducks or wooden decoys^ Now all thischaffering of the parties concealed over theelectors Is very ridiculous. Whftji we want is acombination to defeat Lincoln^ This done,whether the thirty five votes of row York shallbe cast for Douglas or ten of them for Bell,,with some for Breckinridge, will be all the same.upon one State aad electoral ticket, which proposal > « that you would agree to give the Breckinridge party sis names on the electoral ticket BustttvsK. and four mjre of these were that number af resignations also that youspecie; the Bavaria, for Southampton and Ham- of the shipping Interests.burg, with 109 passengers and $160,000 in specie, On the other hand, it is stated that Mr. Lind- there was an error in the form of the coC. Edwards Lester and Count Taaistre appear. REiuBx or . . . tsaaoow.lir. Trescott, Assistant Secretary of State, arrivedHubbard, however, remained is setsos, debating the great question at Issue.The intervals during the ommumcatiocs that passed between the Volunteers and the committee was spent by the bitter in arranging matters for the State canvass; aadaad the Fulton, tor Southampton and Havre, with say, who is. we believe, a shipowner himself, 85 passengers and 9442,040 in specie.* The Kar- and represents the coast town of Tynemoutfa innak. which sailed yesterday for the West Indies, the British Parliament, is not about to visit thisalso took 941,009 in specie—making the total shiy-ment 9808,341. country in a strictly official capacity, but onTite cotton market «u ana, muter the taQaeaee of the private business, and has been furnished by the foreign news, aad the sales embraced ahoat IAOO balesgovernment with all the necessary information o.thebaa*of10\cfarmiddlinguplands,andat10c' andcorrespondencerelatingtotheviewsof for ITorida middlings. The complete statistics of the the two governments upon the navigation laws cotton crop for the year eadiag S e p t a l , * * * .showsment, which ahpuld have stopped with word vagrant Subsequently the police an. ed an Italian woman, on a charge of vagran and she was sent to Blackwells Island, husband of the woman asked for a writ of beaacorpus,makingoaththathiswife respectable woman, the mother of three dren, and that when arrested she was onMr. Douglas will not go into thejiHouse in any here on Thursday, with his family.event, for the three highest candidates will be orx anriBRK TO arasu.that it reached 4,«T5,T70 bales. Aetna in*- this statement and coasting regulations adopted by both way to market Mr. Justice Sutherlandput tbrth by tit* 3ki„m* l a * te be comet, the crop, countries. This would argue that he possesses the prayer of the petitioner, and the w<Lincoln. Breckinridge and BeQJj But aside H|r. Appleton, our MuUater to Russia, baa reached St. considering the question of making vacancies, Mr. Rich- Petersburg. Mr. Pickens, his predecessor, was to leave mond took up the several Congressional drttrietaaad re-from this question, are our dty and State the capital of the Csar immediately, on bis way home. viewed the vote endeavonng to ascertain the real str*o«". . * spoilsalltobethrownaway?WithMr.Often- TheelectionnewsfromMainewilladdtotherigorsof oftheDouglasandtheBreckinridgewhigoftheparty;be dorfers vacancy judiciously f^led, and let even a Russian winter for Mr. Appleton, and hasten the could not however,findany district north or west ok West- Dean Richmond stick to his telt of keeping Journey of Mr. Pickens to aid In patting South Carolina in chester county in which the strength of ths Breckmrtdg* Booby Brooks outside the door, and something order. party waa sufficient to increase their vote by dropping aat the * of foO per hale, would g , ^ the confidence of his own government It may of BBWfTss.aee, of which we have exported be that frequency of special missions to foreignwas brought before him. The officer w h o - the arrest swore that his prisoner had asked alms in Water street, whereupon counsel defence moved that she be discharged, quoted the previous decision of the Courtgood may yet come out of Nazarep.POLITICAL STAB-OAZERS.—For the last two or111 MON OF AKnicAsr DiPLoaum is icaon: Douglas!te for the purpose of fusing. The strength of Towards the end of August there was quite a pleasant Douglas was so much greater than Breckinridge ta all ti.s reunion of American diplomats at Hamburg—Mr. Buch- Congressional district* north aad west of that coun- ty, that it would weaken the ticket to displace friends of the former to give room for those of the batter. He would like to give tbea tee men, but be could sot find districts enough to make that number of vacancies The only names that he could3.TT4.000 bales, of the value of f 188AOO.OOO, and retained la the country, la steak, or rtaasuam aad bent at the era MS bales, of the value of »48,sW.i50. The! to cheek safes of breadstuff! and to of floor vera aaoderate, aad fromcountries where her Majesty is represented by regular Ministers, entrusted to unofficial person- • W us* that of Mr. Cobden to Paris, Sir Wm. ^OuBtoytoWasluhgtonandCentral America,anan from Copenhagen, Mr. Wright, from Berlin, aad Mr. three days groups of people have been gathered Appleton, en rwtt to his post at St. Petersburg-to talkee. to IBs. ear hkL tow a^a ts ^^^* IMMA U£ LIM JM-LU and Lord Elgin to Washington, is causing some alarm in,England. Butwe know that Canadathe sky to get a look at Venus in her daylight Fire editors in Michigan hare been nominated for theCourt held, however, that the commitm. costume; every one is pointing, and every one is Legislature. What a fall. They could not ears their salt And that would answer to take off would be the West-** in this latter case was valid, and that in the straining his eyesight to the point of blindness; probably la a decent newspaper office, else why wish to cheater county elector, the first and second distrtsu ofper beat*! tower, hat tt was active at the decline.former it would have been so had not the man been described as a prostitute as w<but not one in ten of the stai -gazers can see the star. It hi just the same way with the people all over the country in the present} Presidentialdescend from their position.TBI DBATB OT MRK UAIKEY AT FAIMThe death at Paris of Mrs. Barney, wife of the distin gulabed Cenesal, waa quite unexpected to ber busbaadthe SUte, and three from New York city, making alx is all. It was reported later in the day that six vacaae'ea bad been made, and aa above.It moat be admitted by the most prejudiced miad thaiCora epeaed heavy aad tower,sales, bet etoaed at ahoat eec aer, mix*, «u at wo. aw Waster. „ti*w.i"orfc was coeaparetirelr ejeJet, with liaited sales, hi- r.adtac a e . atom at 91» » a BIB W, s*4 aew priaae at • : t WH a » 1 4 t o 8 f r was steadr . good . T p r t a e grocery fooda were scarce, and ceiled over * . better;chants lughly approve of Mr. C o b W H « B £ o f so fortunate as to have been arrested as canvass. They are all staring into the political and her numerous friends here. The Geflferal. as stated the way Richmond looks at the question br coaaidertn/commerce wth.France. ttUrtLyonsVwOU strumpet, was s*ot back to prison, while sky endeavoring to see (he b I particular in a former despatch, expected to meet her tn France very the relative strength of each wing in the several Cou-cthe sales embraced ljap hogsheads Cuba moscoTadoeJudge retained the papers and took some log to accept the services of a i w c n ^ Z ^ . to ruminate over the singular predicamentstar of the Presidential cam soon, and waa only awaiting the settlement of his aflatrs grcmiooal districts, is the only practical oae, eoup.ii* the planet by the War Department when this a.i: ictiog intelligence this with the universal expression made by him thro «pthat is to shine from the White use for four arrived. Thus do the moat severe private griefs mingle out the day, both to Vol un tee re and others who c a ^ lyears to come; and not one in ten »ith public concern*.f them can TH« i-Kurr-urr AID THE WKATHKS. upon him, that be waa ready and anxious to safjrfr Uul-revbts were steady aad wttaoat ehaafe of moment >a men, wu* shirsaaBtj of wheal were largetoiarerpooimission, provided he is the right man in tba right place.jurisprudence, and we respectfully request thjit shall by no manner of means be omitifused condition of things. So|t Soldiers' Home. lion which he coc'J »xeptm uuuee t-i tbc Tijcg'as r i ' e wiseacres The weather here is gloriously bright and inspiring If in the State. A'.i will have to ad-ult the" is tlr.* he *•••»with miaiMamhlo « * c Aw West-in his negotiations with our a d n u n t ^ Zwhich he found himself.We submit tbla caconcerning the navigation and coasttoTuwrNEW YORK HERALD, (SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1860.- _ _ " " T " _ « . J L W _ Treevchveey of tfee Vtbnay Politic.; Trad. THK GBBAt WlDB AWUCB Da^OIiSTtJjBOM.--TVlt.iea Italian C©ooaeawp»IlKIeattlaeawWa--Ar.raBa»ee*« later- by the politicians thai they cannot find the realTHE FUSION MOVEMENT. ias%a><aa^iajaaBBtWBWsfBja>a^sajiBjga^%a^>yenrolled in the ranks of the Wide Awakes, and it is purposed to have a general reunion of the clubs, and a grand parade, in which delega- tions from all the principal cities and towns will participate. The committee haviug the matter in charge have received notice to the ef- fect that sixty thousand Wide Awakes will parti- cipate in this affair. The only trouble now is as to what shall he done with this grand army of the black republicans. Each man purchases his own torch, cap and cape, at an expense of three dollars, and the cost of entertaining him to the city also, and during the recent con will amount to as much more, so that the whole ferenceeoftheRichmondcliqueattheStNich expenseofthedemonstrationwillnotfallfar short of four hundred thousand dollars, all of which will dome out of the spoils in caseThis was the object of Farini's missionto Palermo, and it is j with a similarpurpose that the Sardinian government ii about may choose to run."to despatch General de la Marmora with anarmy to Naples. The pretext assigned for thisstep—the prevention of anarchy in the event ofthe fail of the reigning dynasty—is an absurdone. In thefirstplace, it is a violation of thepolitical doctrine to which Central Italy owes and orators against the Breckinridge that you can put oa Lincoln mea, or any other personthat they would not, under any consideration, take convention, and this conviction may lie at the order. The line of the grand parade will be movement they have mads use of himBny of the electors at present on the Breckenridge root of their plans to secure as much plunder compressed, of course, but even then, allowing up to the point that has served theirelectoral ticket. A full report will be found elae- as possible through connivance with their new for a margin of ten thousand men who will fail purpose, whilst he, on | his side, haswhere. to appear, tb|# Wide Awake torches will] blaze availed himself of their aid to advance theSLAVERT FEBLIXO.—William Lloyd Garrison cordially endorses the nomination of Andrew as the republican candidate for Governor of Massachusetts, because "he represents the highest phase of anti slavery feeling as yetHis resignaUoa was, however, accepted, aad the vacancy declared open for a Breckinridger.There was a rumor industriously circulated during the forenoon that Secretary Oobb had written to Mr. Butter worth, of this city, requesting the Breckinridge men of this State to eater into any fusion they coald with the Diuglas faction, to refuse the offer of two electors, bul to take any number over that which they could get, and if they could not get any, to vote for the Douglas tkket as it is. This, however, we be lieve to be eas ot daggers canards, got up for the purpose of forcing the Breckinridge men totake anything that they might offer; we cauld traca It to no reliable source, Oagger being the mom industrious cir- cnlator of the rumor. It is, beyond a doubt, one of the species of fawning characteristic of the Douglas demo- cracy throughout the campaign.The sab committee went into secret samfcm betweea twelve and one o'clock, leaving the outside pressure under the impression that there was te be a fusion at once, and the proposition of the volunteers to be accepted without demy. The first question under consideratioc by the sub committee after organisation, which waa effected by the election of Richmond as Chairman and Cagger as Secretary, was the proposition of the volunteers that was laid oa the table the day previous, which was that twoof the State candidates and ten of the electors should withdraw, and their pisses filled by a like number from the present Breckinridge ticket. The volunteers state that they had received assurances from Mr. Oagger, arter the adjournment oa Friday night, that with the exoep- tie. of one or two names, the propoaition was acceptable To-day they rejected it almost as soon as It WM taken up.The sub committee, after considering the question, sent Mr. Oagger to the rooms of the volunteers aad informed them that they could not accept their prjpositioa, and asserted that there waa a great difficulty in creating vacancies oa their ticket, hat finally, after considerable controversy, proposed that gabs volunteers- should name two of the State officers and aix electors, and psrhatM another name for the State ticket—via. the Smta Prison Inspector—but requesUng that all the names pror»sa4 should be inch aa were already upon the ticket nominated by the Breckinridge party, as they did not wish to reoogAn enthusiastic Douglas open air meetiag was allien They have seen and tasted the fortunesheld at Boaeville, near Newark, N. J., on Friday made by railroad combinations in this State, from Broadway to Forty-second street^ It is night. Senator Wilson, of Trenton, addressed the and the power they have conferred, and now claimed by some of the Southern papers thatpatriotic objects that he has in view. It is now a contest between them as to whether the work of revolution is to be carried: beyond the ex-pulsion of Francis II. or stoppled there.baldi declares that it shall act be arrested at this point; whilst the good faith of France is pledged to the maintenance of the statu quo inassembly at some length. The meeting then ad- they long for similar spoils from the federalthe Wide Awakes have been organized for the purpose of repressing any opposition thai may arise against Lincoln's inauguration, in case he should be elected. We apprehend, however, that the only object of the leaders of the newGari-was necessary, and for this they have labored.There were between fire and six thousand persons They still profess a willingness to avoid such a organization is to control the local electiouk and Venice and the protection of the _Pope. It ison the ground, and the crowd did not retire till long after midnight.A shocking railroad catastrophe happened on Friday night at Del*van, Wisconsin, by the col-disaster, and they have secured from the Doug- las State Committee the vesting of a sub-com- mittee—of which Dean Richmond aad Peterseize upon the (larger share of the federal spoils. -41certain that as soon as he has acsomplished his task in Naples the Dictator will hasten to com plete in Rome*TEe work which circumstances compelled him to leave unfinished in 1818. Therefore it is that Sardinia!has determined upon assuming the direction of the Neapolitan revolution, and that France reinforces her army of occupation in the Roman territories.Imoa of a freight and a passenger train. From Cagger constitute tie working majority—withNB less than forty six hundred men paraded inconflict with Austria and united Germany, thusBRIGHT OK MR. Douous, Ac—From Ohio to Kansas the wrangling democracy am BOmuch absorbed In their family quarrels Chat they can afford to give nothing more than a secondary importance to "old Abe Lincoln." Betweenmilitary arrejf, each clothed in uniform, andKM.fcxond.Cogger ft Co. are determined to each bearing^a Waring torch. As the proces- and therefore it became necessary for her toits newly acquired liberties, aid in the next the very unanimity of the feeling in favor of annexa- tion which exists on the part of the Neapolitan population excludes the possibility of any trouble such as Sardinia affects to apprehend. TheauthorityofGaribaldifonceestablished would be fully equal to tip suppression of any excesses on the part of the red republicans" honest Old Abe'' gets into the White I louse. or lazzaroni. •»As the republican leaders are quite sanguine ofsuccess, theyi will undoubtedly raise the money The simple truth* of the matter is, that both to pay for the Wide Awake demonsttption, the French Fjnperor and Count Cavour have which will be, apart from its political Signifi- become alarmed at the groMj|ng influence and cance, one oil the finest displays ever s^Ben in power of the Dictator, and fre now try big to the metropolis. The procession of Thursday shelve him in the same way in jwhich they thrust waa nearly ft mile long, marching inj open him aside in the last campaign. In the presentthat may sett year fancy.Says Mr. Oagger, we have a right to fill the vacaastaifrom any party that we may choose to.James Brooks, of the Japress, was moving aroead u afldent that something of great importance would Iran Bf ire The same Btary, that something satisfactory would be done, had been circulated so long that everybody he- came impatient aad desired to know what that somethingThere was considerable excitement smnagst the Gar- macs on account of the resignation or Mr. Otteadorfar,THE HIOHB8T PHASE OI POLITICAL Avn- who had tendered his resignation upon tbeeletoral UoketTHEevents in Texas—the alleged poisoningby white and black scoundrels, the buthe town of Henderson and the con.panic throughout the State—have elicited remarkable comments from the Lincoln oiand orators. Among these the most imjare those of Mr- Seward, in his speech at Lan- sing, and the articles of the leading black re publican papers in the metropolis, all of which we have reprinted in another part of this paper.REIGS.1 OF TBBKOR IXTKXAS.—Theendangering ber newly acquired possessions,Seward, Greeley A Co. will ber duly noted bythe conservative voters of the Central States.Mr. Seward declares that the army j and. of the revolution before the arr|Val of the Sar- we received a regular business advertisement navy is maintained solely for the protection dinian force, all pretext for its (disembarkation announcing the sale of blood stock, all the way of slave property from the raids of abolitio lists would be removed; for the annexation question from Lexington, Kentucky. The value to ad-combinations of the spoilsmen and fa- like John Brown, or the Northern agitators who vertisers of a place in the columns of the Hs- natics will be defeated. To prevent such can only be disposed of by a plebiscitum. and it AID must be considerable when they can afford a result, and to divert the aid of the New are now inciting the negroes in Texas to rise that free from the presence of a formidableYork merchants from that contest, will now be and murder their masters. And ic order that controlling influence such as an army of occu- pay telegraph prices to forward 'the adver- the aim of the Albany Regency. For this pur- such agitators may have free scope, he won Id pation would present. The time gained in the > ement from such distant places.pose they will delay, and negotiate, and per-haps endeavor to throw final action over untilafter the Union meeting to-morrow night. It republican party, it must be taken as a d<SHOCKING RAILROAD ACCIDENTtherefore becomes the more incumbent on theconservative interests that will be representedthere, to appoint a vigilance committee towatch the course of these trading politicians— Texas, and that a consuming fire may easii;fire Injured.This statement of Mr. Cagger entirely changed the pas' The ban* past four P. M. passenger train from Raeiae to tion or the queetioe, and the volunteers did not considerFreeport was run Into laat night at Deiaran, Wisconsin, that they had any right to go outside of the present Breckinridge ticket for names, and rejected at once thebyafreighttrain,whichbadflaggedfromRaeiae. offerofMr.Cagger,andrequestedhiminturntopresentate exposition of the principles ot that oi zation. The Tribune takes the ground germs of servile insurrection already e:projects in regard to Rome and (Venice, as wellas to back them by such a force as would en- F i r e P e r s o n s K i l l e d a n d T i v e n t y- Diss the present Breckinridge State Centra: Committee,dently, is to exasperate the Southwestern States. with a view to secession on their part, hoping that then they will Be open to raids of the J*They may deny this as earnestly;iOUR Ji DOES.—People who keep the run business in the Supreme Court of this dis must be considerably puzzled occasionally the very remafkjable way in which the p ' pies of the scSeUce, which Lord Eldon cal the perfection of) human wisdom, are laid.de by our judges. A short time ago Mr. JusiSutherland ordered the discharge of a wo: who had been committed to prison a s a i grant and a prostitute, the Judge holdingOtteiporfer, editorWAJHIM.TOJV, Sept. 15, 1980. vwr ornet APFODTOCKar.twelve hundred dollars.FRE5CH OOBSri. 1KCOC.TIZBD.aad 000 hexes. Crtse was Iraaly held, with a»derate•AIM sealers were awaiting sales to scene of aext week. we do not see any objection to MTlSdaava as one of the most curious in the history j discern Mm In the present clou d aad con- The President has spent the whole of today at the mercantile intereets if t!»ey would only make a. |rci>>»formed resolution to anticipate it Could hebut reach the capital and complete the triumph red yesterday of a more remarkable character:able their populations to successfully assert their rights.A question suggests itself in connection with this contemplated intervention by Sardinia, which places Austria in a curious position. Is &he an assenting party to this step on the part of her late adversary? If she is, it proves theand bad therefore decided to reject all names now in nomination on the Breckinridge ticket.at the different street corners gazing up into over matters at home and abroad. SDIXOIS OI M1CBJUA.V.of disorganization, to have Stephen A. Douglas and his cohorts crammed down our throats,had the power to da aaythiag that they pleased -tuler tea rawlatloa appalallag taem, aaw informed partess asking far Ike iaaertion of the names of Breoktaridgenolens vokns;" that we do not intend that the sew that their powen ware limited, aad coast old radical true democracy shall be placed in do bet ttttta. This totorprelatton of the power the position of "a backet tied to a dog's tail, to coafierred apes them with that reaotetiea m ear'bolters," "dfeunfonists," and such like com- plimentary terms, are the daily expres- sions of our Western Douglas journalsdeveloped."according to Garrison?. "Ne union with slave- holders," and "down with the federal constitu- tion" as "a league with death and a covenant with hell." The Massachusetts republicans are getting on. The Rhode Island irrepressibles tried one of these "highest phase" John Brown candidates for Governor last spring, and failed; but Garrison lives and labors in the Massachu- setts vineyard, and there his friends expect to do better.ADVERTISING BV TELKORAPH.—Fresh instances occur every day of the value of our advertising columns. It has frequently happened that the telegraph has brought us advertisements from different parts of the country at considerableCHICAGO, Sept. 15, IS30.after waiting two or three hours sent to the committee another communication, as follows:—ST. NICHOLAS Horn., Sept. 15,1163. DSUKBiosmoBD,Chairman.Ac:—DEAK SIR—Our committee have considered your verbal tyons, Wayne county, New York. The salary is over proposition made this morning with a view to a fostoaBe la K. Streety has been appointed Postmaster atoffices of Lieutenant Governor and Canal Oommissivner. rect trade contemplated between the South and Europe but that all of these names so substituted shall be new makes these consular appointments sought by men of cul- men aad not any of those now upon the Breckiartdg*.* *> places in the Census Bureau, among these the names of through unofficial conversation. Richmond, Caggar aadgTBI CBSSC8 BCBBAr APPOIimrJWT9.Several of the New York literati are applicants forThis ended the negotiation of the Volunteers, exceptTVLetaJtftttt from the books.and so on. The poor people are me to Bell. skies he would regret that murky l.iudoc t- his metro so befogged polls.taken a zemible vi.-w Tie entire >'iy t'WsM witt>ct furciafaiig a fusion ticket, bu( stiti it »a» give*Untitled Documentpoint to Lincoln as the star, and sj< lord Renfrew cou'd see Waahiogt* unler these clearThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 