 NEW YORK.HERALD.tie accused t u discharged from custodymagistrate, however,decided to hold fee partiescharged with keeping gambling houses to answerin$500,andalaorequiredWorrytogive bailInthegame amount to prosecute. The trial of the de- fact that Northern men will not betfendants was aet down far the 15th of November. the South is earnest in its fears. Steeped inThe cotton niarket m steady yesterday, with aaiat of prosperity, they cannot believe that anything •boot 2,500 a SOW Dales, closing •» the Basis of 11'ie.Conditio, .t t h . fceherf« Claaaee.As the weaker class of stocks are.tbe first toemitted to; call them together fa pnhUc, meetings, oneiS(Of wb§ch * * tjtajf whold to- night, and explain, to thorn the dangers which^httess pat ateutbecafrfes^sJetojaavveutioaa in motion upon the %awUhfn o r * * w»Jon; but white we .know they sriti raamasT"J*O O R D O Is n w AND nwnuwai.7orNOB v. v.rto»*< rmmTUB DAILY BMMA TUB WMMJU.Taimor$i toamoyy. or Wjwr —MI . £VOi VjffAKrcOBMtSPOlTDMXCM,AWB NAS8AC STS.•Inertwith a portion of their means, and live on tbe fer together—they in the loss of business and remainder; but laboring men cannot Htw f cgpiml, p^d tho latter In the lose of work, fol-will he sosucsd only with the defeat of Lmaola. 4 •('Jf,.<*»«•_£ j*<^>«aiMt£arqpemmkMo«e,***70,000 bsles on hind only by 13 bales, entire for so]last year, wfcUe tbe stockcan realize to themselves the fact that the Southwasexcludedfromtaostatedineergiventothe treat our efforts to do honor to ourXT HKMiU>, FAMILY"Troa PBlJXTim em**d vi* matnm, timpmmamdm*Western grain, witUs the brands were irreruiar. Mixed lot* of rather easier, while extra brandsand see if they and tceir leaders are in earnest.Do j o u .beUevo that Lincoln Is In earhwt ina Lammer was to bo heard in tbe most of them Able bodied and skilful mechanics and ship carpenterswere idle, or wore compelled, as best they might, to seek the means of subsistenceMitchell 1 the Prince! to tho Stale generaUyimatek, •Vol vane XA V. •• "*' -• ll"2 «•••'•"' ' jt-:.*^V « . t « ••••«<THia •TJNM9P|£*.**~*demand. Sales wore tolerably free at fell slave and half free?" P a you believe that prices, especial I« for tbe better qealitles Cera was doll Seward is in earnest in the numberless utter ami easier, with tales to a fair extent at prices given ances of his waging an "irrepressible conflict" elsewhere. Fork was less buoyant and aettve, with with the South till Charleston and New Orleansof mesa at $10 a 910 12*, awl prime at »U S? ar:The inclemency of the weather tended shallbemartsfortbeproductionsoffreelaborfor themselves and families in other temporary pursuits. Real estate could not be sold except at enormous sacrifices. Houses and stores were v»c»mtand bills oh themtoletbjhundreds. Manypersonsleftthecityindespairandsought asylums in the cowifry.nor's conduct has a single apologist Mr. Ed-win D. Morgab, | from very small beginaiogs. - Tbe beat proof of tbe beneficial effect arkigh*BABimrB ABmBTOA* «U8BrjM. •reeinc—SUMMS Trim, Lirua Cmuosinns,BEY AXIP HI NSTRKLS. M « * » ^ Ban, m , ION* DAJBM, *C-DI UB Laan.American Union," and that it the South goesTho Imminent Peril of the Day—Are the out of the Union with it she shall be broughtgovernment house had been prepared for thoGcvernor's residence, he removed to i t and gave believe feat next to tbe reforms which fee ano-BeaxsMtoe I AIIAJT OBBU.oajrriaBUBT DiMcas. Braiasans.wow Yew*, Wswpomfy.T o r k HoiThe, mail steamship Ariel, Cane.port to-morrow, at noon, Bar AsptoawelLI • • taneViis* lean l ^ e l n s s sassB stasia m e m jpsn ant31. I860.Lanesmarked courtesy, and always asked him to feegovernment house on feative occasions. Whenwe recall tbe fact feat the Governor-General ofCanada to the immediate representative ofwUioiossa*traoJ«lookt»awrrowBtorabai.The Saw Taaa WBBBXT Btouia fnittbmJa edition•MUtamg tho latent IsAeUigeaes frusa all pane of tb*stored confidence and prosperity, feat have continued up to the present time. From former revulsions tbe people of this country, with all sections working in'fraternal unison,sentable and agreeable members of their order, than those of say other sovereign on earth, can-•*, and they intend to do whatever they can to da- not well be imagined. It is to be doubted, bow- 'feat Morgan. They also have resolved to give ever, whether snob a visit, undertakenMr. Mitchell a grand banquet, a splendid sent time, would bo productive of all 1 asaffair, to come off soon after fee election. wife which it would bo attended twThe hotel keepers are perfectly right In yearslater. Toimprovetheconditionofthepeo-ilkIs,W1U V 9 pODIUewOJsl pat saliMmesa, m wiapjesa, ready Bar mailing, six ooate,eW HBs)^ F ^ " *^ss^s^w^si asm awsveM w'•lit' r; • ",'.'„ • • «^^ssa* jsassi >^wspatriotism. Union between jou cannot con- have by their persevering industry soon re-tinuewithsuchfeelings,andyouwilllearntoo covered. Thesilentbuilder'strowel, theship late to deplore the loss of the infinite blessings carpenters hammer, fee hum of cotton spin-B K . U S T T ,peril that involves us all? It comes.L .- D v « i*"*** firmly hald and. la proclaiming that 'this Union cannot exist halfBy the arrival of the Star of the Went at this Stewart, the bitter and fallacious speeches port last night, and the De Soto at New Orleans, of Lincoln, Seward, Wilson, Sumner, Lovejoyof Texas, be would have undertaken to hanghouses, we learn on inquiry, give employment to sacrifice their stocks at a loss of from four to fee character of his reception as in to from 20,000 to 30,000 operatives, in- six per cent, and so combined to do themselves fee disparity of condition feat attracted cluding males and females. During the out of several millions of dollars. A s Webb ids notice. In Canada ther*' was always some height of business many of them pay in sententiously remarks, "swindling b a crime drawback on fee warmth wife which be should wages $1,000 per day! Tbe people they em- which assumes various phases;" and the mostformiddlinguplaods. II*taeatpltt*!***•**•*•••>*•4090 ta 18M Tbecanshakelisfoundationsordrynpitsfountains.Knowing nothing pradlcaily of life in the without employmentlowed by all tlie gloomy contingencies dtten- dant upon such a condition of things -AGOVERNOR MOROIN AJTO TOE HOTEL KEEP BBS.—Wo have alluded already to the circum- stance that Mr. James L. Mitchell, of Albany.The Prl.re or WstUa' Amertca* ».*._ E Wett 9]* ••** ssnBSaSjas^BlSpmPm; f* * v Om hSft yperceive, altering its totbe reception given to the Prince clet of September last bare tTM**]?'*?^?*'04$ ,000 for tie same pnris*t a t esparto hat* rsecbsd *4*i •*»*•» **>m ta l f W realize the ffara that follow even the ffulsper- aa4 100,000 ta IK* • * * * oe head 499000 be'.es,aplnat aW^li «••. «« WssI I1cS CIs•31 feadmac Stth is ofwitr€1ta In N<it aljCita OI In SB I" wInviaib<arthncgl03ax oh an In ski tie e»tb w re mi INth fr ntui - Mti aiacP' Idin tt I ai U d. b thtb to Si tb &el til 1c31 eCii t! ti t* eEi<0v St tI I11 1 I Ithus far, are 100,000 ba'.si below thoseThere is buti n fehi country. T b e sneering, tUprespecv Quartermaster General in the Governor's staff, ful manner in which it was dnqmatd towe have advices from Havana to tbe 27th inst.. but and hundreds of others, all of which are circu- every man that attempted to stand up againstthey contain no news of importance. The sugar lated in thousands upon thousands of copies the general government He taunted the Southmarket was unchanged. A slaver: with four hun- negroes on board, had been brought into Havana by a Spanish veesel-of-war.among approving multitudes. Yet not one with its weakness, saying that they were hut sentiment of these that are so unbluahlngly one-fourth of the American people, "and mise- uttered by these political leaders in the North, rably poor at that"—that not a Southern Statehave been greeted'—at one time arising from tbe unpopularity of tbe Governor General in cer- tain localities; at another from the ancient feuds of fee Catholics and Orangemen. The feelings of loyalty and hospitality which should haveAccounts from Porto Rico to the 12th inst. havebeen received. The canes were looking finely,and with the abundant rains that had fallen therewas every prospect ot the new crop being large. single approver in tbe South, one single man in more danger to be apprehended from themploy comprise poor American, Irish and Ger- curious phase we have ever heard of is this man families. There is scarcely a tenement last operation upon tbe Wall street stock gam- bouse within ten mites of the city in which the blers, who, in " order to save the Union"—we needle is not plied and the click of sewing quote Webb—have absolutely thrown their machines heard.The old crop is all off.The steamship Illinois, Capt. Tprry, from Havrethe 11th and Cowes the same night, arrived here yesterday afternoon. Her news has been antici- pated.By the arrival of the overland pony express at St. Joseph yesterday we hare advices from San Francisestotheafternoonofthe17thinst.There was but little news of interest stirring. The poJi- ticianawgereanxiouslyawaitingintelligenceofthe resultofthePennaylraaaaStateelection.It» stated that it was generally conceded that in the event of the defeat of the democrats in Pennsyl- vania California would go for Lincobu Tbe SaaFrancisco markets exhibited no change. Tbe rainy nity; nor that they believe that Lincoln willHeasonhad Airly commenced. Brevet Brigadier General Clark, commander of the military depart- ment of California, died at Saa Francisco on tbe 17th, of chronic diarrhea, after an illness of two weeks. Heserved inthearmyforty-eight years,waa promoted for meritorious conduct at tbe siegeof Vera Cruz, and not long since, by his energybination of tbe savage Indian tribes in Oregon.tbe John Brown school to carry civil and ser- day.the poor white people?—for the suffering women meted out to the prisoners by Judge Gould appreciate all feat was really enjoyable. Andand children pinched with cold and hunger at. will bo likely to have a salutary effect upon•"*!!? tei^«^^*»»*-ntidtt of a servile community, they cannot ings of rebellion, nor the terrible devastationOne ot the first effects of tho revulsion in 18.'.7, caused at that time by the break down Of the South, was to throw large numbers of persons at the North out of employment,which led to much individual suffering. We recollect walking aloog the shipyards of the East river at tho time, and they looked asW 0One of tbe moat alarming symptoms of the eight republican members of Congress who dangerous temper of tbe times is the levity andmalous condition of feat vaatempire demands, the visit of its future sovereign wowW prove•IBWS BALOON. Broedwej.-Hooi.rr a CAnreeu.'s indifferentconcernwithwhichnearlyallclasses endorsedthesesentiments twoyears sincearea dinner to the Mayor and Corporation, of whichbodyfeehotelkeeperwasamember. TheGov-ernor-General treated his former landlord wife the most effectual check upon disaffection andu m e e u i» Bemoruji Boras, Bsaxnwwss, DAKCS*. Ac— I i n r n uof the community speak of tbe probability of disunion, and their persistent blindness to the terrible results that must inevitably flow from such a catastrophe.It isnot many jean since the expressionin earnest? Do you believe that Wilson, Sum ner. Chase, Lovejoy, Hickman, Sherman and hosts of others, speakers in and out of Con gress. who are untiring in their denunciations of slavery, and of the South for maintaining it in its social and political sj stem, are in earnest?rebellion feat could be devised. What a mag nifieent spectacle would bo fee progress of tbe young Prince through tho Indian dominions of his mother, receiring tho homage of tho petty s9 sovereignsandprinceswhohavebeansubjectedof an opinion adverse to tbe perpetuation of Are you yourselves in earnest in supportingthe confederacy was looked upon as treason to these men as candidates for popular suffrage,the highest interests of tbe community. A few in sending them to the federal councils as yourfanatics in tbe North bare for years howled representatives, and in jour desire to elevateroyalty, and always travels with regal sur-roundings, the conduct of Lord Sydenham tobersway.tndexaniliung Into fee conditionforth continuously their anathemas on the Union as being "a compact frith hell," and an equally smallnumberoftireeaterslatbeSouth hare babbled of tbe power and glory of a Southern confederacy; but the sober sense of the great mass of the people spurned their teachings everywhere. It is only ten years since the compromise measures, which were wrought witb somuchtoilandpainbytheunitedeffortsoftbe second generation of giant intellects that ourcomes out in rather bold relief against feat of tho populations released from their oppres- of Governor Morgan; , sions, butstill ground down by tbe exactions of The hotel keepers of fee State are naturally British agents. A finer school for tho educa-to the | young republic has given to tbe world, were17th, and fromTera Crnato the 2tot loat., are pub- I accepted with an orerwhelming approval in ance holds oat to your children.dles, wife the cheerful songs of labor, woreagain beard on all sides; while real estateadvanced and wages improved, and fee J found, deep, philosophical articlelished in another part of to-daj's paper. The city every section of the country. Two years laterof Guadalajara had fallen, after a nearly three weeka' aiege, during wWch the citfzena auSered every kind of hardehtp and- privation. The cap- ture of this city is Tory important for the Juarespoor Pierce was elected to the Presidency by the same wave of public opinion, which left to his political opponent, who Is tbe most success-SENATOR WADE ox THE IRREPRESSIBLE COX whole country moved forward with renewed cent panic in Wall street W e need hardly sayauthority as the jealousy of English institutions will accord him. All this is of course denied to him until he comas of age. Until then heful and popular military teadar now living, He was the first to throw down the gauntlet to come—and the danger is Imminent, according soonerthanmightharebeenexpectedotherwise,IonlysixapprovingStates.Nomanhasever theSouthbyannouncingInhisplaceinthe tothesignsattheSouth,thatitwillcome—willmoreespeciallyIfthevictoriooaOrtegashouldcut doubtedthatthisfailuretoelectGeneralScott HouseofRepresentativeslastwinterthatthe provebeyonddoubttheworstofall. Itwillo.lMarquez, wh) had marched to the relief of Gua- was mainly due to tbe suspicion that he was eight million white inhabitants of the South differ from all former calamities or revulsions by dalajara with a force which Wramon could badly too intimate with Seward and the abolitionized would bo found no match for the eighteen mil- its permanent continuance. Let but a singlespare, and certainly could not afford to lose. The leaders of the Northern political party. most important item from the Capital i i the factfact, to a declaration that Mexico is in too North we see a powerful political partyad- demoralized and semi-barbarous a condition to vancing hopefully to triumph, with a mottoof our oracle, the friend of Palmerston and LouisNapoleon—the Chevalier Webb. Whenever we will employ his time profitably in visitingarealittleindoubtastothecausesofanysud- othercountries, instudyingtheirvarious densocial,politicalorfinancial,revolutionwe formsofgovernment,andincomparingtheirthatMr.Mathew,theBritishCharge, baldbeenor- dered by his government to demand his paaaporta.for the post of generalissimo of the Northernmerit any respect or attention, from any foreignpower. In our correspondence will be found state'meets of barbarous and inhuman cruelty on thepart of Miramon, worthy only of a Tiberius or aemblazoned on its banners proclaiming a dead- ly hostility to tbe domestic organization of fifteen States. Its leaders boldly utter the most revolutionary and destructive theories,But it seems that the abolition Senator of Ohio desires to bo considered a competitor of Hick-settle permanently upon us like a dark cloud far more dismal than those of 1837 and 1857.We were not satisfied, however, about this mat- ter until we heard from Webb, who knows all about banks (be had fifty-two thousand and odd dollars worth of the old United States concern),bad an opportunity of contrasting fee opera- tion of monarchical in close juxtaposition withHowdifferentisthescenethatthestatesman contemplates in tbe tone and ranging of partyHickmantobeconsidered tbe chief candidateWhether it result peaceably or civil war follows, tho result will be equally fetal; the The reasons alleged for this j step amount, in organizations of the present day. In the army whenever the irrepressible conflict wtald present union and prosperity of the countrysignedforit SomepeoplesaidtheHERALDdid it, others feat it was created by the Pennsylvania election, and a third party that it was owing toand which convey an evident satisfaction to could afford to keep five thousand men in the tbe ears of their Northern hearers, finds one field for six months, and that there was nopublic or private station that dare utter them than from a lot of three year old children. mere, or one single reason for believing that, Echoing the sentiment of a preceding speaker, if they were so uttered, bloodshed and ruin that if Lincoln was not to be inaugurated on fee would not ensue. v 4th of March next, there would be two hun-own money into tbe street This is the most overborne all these influences were whollyIn the South, on the other hand, we behold dred thousand Wide Awakes who "would know 7all political differences subsiding into one com- the reason why,' Senator Wade boasted that monfeelingofthenecessityofselfdefence theWideAwakesofthecountry,almostasusually busy in supplying work for the South- trust, therefore, that no lover of his country erntrade,whichcommencesinthelatterpart willfelltoreadtbeChevalierWebb'slastandon an entirely new world, where, if everything was strange to him, it was at least dashed by. no unpleasant associations. If he met with no servility, he was greeted wife a warmth and asinceritythatmusthavebeenasgratefulas they were novel to a youth reared in fee atmos- phere of courts. In fee course of a few weeksubiquitous as the northern lights, were every- North. Itisnotthattheyfearthattbearmy whereorganizedandmarshalledforthegnat andnavyoftbeconfederacyIBtobeusedfor battleofright;andheIndulgedinthissignifi- cant prediction,that secession would be "a universal edict of emancipation all over thisgreatest work. It is one of the finest pieces of rhetoricthatwohaveseeninmanyaday.against the danger that menaces them from theof January or about the 1st of February. Theynow,toaconsiderableextent,refuseap- plicationsforwork,andmanypoorpeopleare already thrown out of employment and depriv- ed ef means with which to meet the rigors of tho comiug winter. If Lincoln is elected it is to be feared that some 15,009 to 20,000 of thesethe immediate loosing -of four millions of an inferior and degraded race upon their commu-CRIME AMOXG THE YOITH OF THE METROTOLIS. -The proceedings of the Court of Oyer andTerminer on Monday afford a painful evidence be got rid of more prejudices and acquired of the depravity of fee youth of the metropolis,and fee rapidly increasing habit among thatvile war into their now fair fields. But theyWe bare dates from Turk's Island to the 1Mb know, and the whole world knows, that all of A GREAT RELIEF.—We perceive that tbethat he did enjoy himself we have evidence is their confreres in crime who infest fee drinking his dally course of lite, as well as in the strongsaloons and sidewalks by day and night and terms in which he expressed himself on leavinginst. Salt was selling at 9} to 10 cents,and getting these things are in (he logical developement of executive committees of tbe four Presidential the North? All their love and sympathy are forvery scarce.Accoonts from Southern Kansas state that UnitedStates troops, under orders of tbe Indian Agent,have been driving tbe squatters from tbe Cherokeelands. One account states that seventy four booses ance by a political majority, and its Instalment hand. What a merciful relief to the people! civil war and bloodshed.had been burned and the occupants rendered home- as tbe ruling policy of a federal administration, For months past the whole country has beenless. It in believed, however, that the reports a n and that tbe results which all should contem- flooded with this worthless trash, which nobody The revolutionists blasphemously set them-greatly exaggerated. A meeting waa held at Lea- plate with dread are as certain to follow as the reads. The mail trains have been weighed selves up as tbe vicegerents of God uponvenworth on Monday evening but to devise mea- night tbe day. sures far tbe relief of the Buffering people of Kan-Hence do we see In tbe South that which thedown with it, and there will be now some earth, and proclaim their intention of doing chance of people getting their letters and news- what the Creator, in his infinite wisdom, failed papers through to their destinations in some- to do—and feat is, to make fee blacks and feebeen given to the gallows. A s it is, however, the law has condemned them to perpetual im- prisonment in Sing Sing, where they can do no further violence upon their fellow citiaens. andand of his general satisfaction wife the c ountry. It is no doubt to fee communication of the opinions formed by tbe royal party that wo owe the striking change that has taken place infee tone of fee London journals. The flunkey- ism of some of the leading English papers is only equalled by the bitterness of their anti- American prejudices. It is a fortunate circum- stance for the good feeling created by thesas. and it waa proposed to take up immediate aub- scriptiona in the East hi their aid.terday, the resignattea of A. H. Stootenbnrg, aae- tioneer of tbe deportment, waa received. An order was tsanad by tbe Board to hare the returns on tbe nighteffjheeMsm tiligiijlii to headquarter*.case of Hurry, tbe Wail street financier, Quick and Hfor words of hopeful counsel from lars; but the conscientious and economical traitorously and lylngly betrayed to their ruin.^d public mea, or for friendly tidings Aldermen demur at paying the little bill, in tbefires of fanaticism The conspirators, in the form of subsidizedmake over to the disunionists tbe archives-treasury, army and navy—as soon as the dis-a powerful influence to back him up—tSat Mr. Chanter, in fact was brought out by and is the special protege of Alderman Boole. This factetasja* A i.r M.Mraaa . * . ^ ^ State, as the only ark 4 The pulse of theat fee threatening aspect of our politicalmand redress, they will "call upon fee moun- affairs. W e do not apprehend, however, that things will prater Mr. Cochrane. And so lotthe theory that "slavery is an evil and a crime;" that after the proclaiming of the idea the next step in its triumphant march Is its accept-mous decision not to send out any more cam- paign documents, as the election is BOnear atare willing, without any possibility of benefiting his condition, to ruin their own white brethren, North and South, and involve the country inwbo are almost always armed and ready for mischief upon the slightest provocation.Were it not for the late death penalty law, which leaves the Court without power to passus. To a lady in Boston he said that be was so pleased with the country that it was his inten- tion to pay it another visit as soon as he could return without his " nurses." Nothing could betho Union in thishe* wm disbursement of that fund themselves, andreaped a glorious harvest of yellow kids andany Southern State will, in the interval to fee itbo.4th of March next take any step requiring BE Sunn Yocr Ann REGISTERED.—This is the < tbe intervention of fee President with the last day for the registration of voters. Lot all army or navy, or treasury or public archives good citizens who intend to cast their vritos ner'.^tr-tupontttao»»ryqiisateexf^l5C white hats out of it In this case the Mayor Wa fear it will not, unless our citizen. .w. had tho handling of the monej. ThatThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069themselves from fee wrath of those they have so outrageously wronged."V...Untitled Documentwtthwhica they*U the difference.We understand that fee large mannfecturingclothing houses in this city, taking pity o n fee What m a j follow the inauguration ot" Kr U n Tuesday in favor of tho Union and the constitu-flashing on all sides of them.A2d whence comes this indiffVrencfeel a financial eonvuleion, so are tbe laboring await them In&^Bralt of the present elecOk; some time for their deliberation,, w e k n o w W 1 clasies the first to suffer from tho same cause. and to tell them, if the revolutionists succeed, what they may go. It is enough to anew.Capitalists can attordtomBbesacrificea-topart both employers and the employed will all suf- for the present that the safety of lha Uatta 1that would attend its thundering*.time last year. Tb» exports are one way in which tbe republicans of tho Northfor the earn time Itat year is in earnest, before the destructive pros* comeHoar market wse less •eayeat sad irrevocably. *>t «hem catechise themselvesbecause It happened that Mr. keeper of tbe hotel wherein on the occasion of his visit The matter has been very by tbe press throughout the country, and we nave yet to find that fee Gover-vtung visiter has given P'awto^Wfesjsjaerloftj and beccmicg consideration of them. It was to s a j the least of it, in fee worst possible lava) lor tbe entertained to disparage tbe frank, car- dial hospitality of the entertainers. Bat let that pass; we are not disposed to bear ouliee when the amende homoraUeM made.in sugars, which were confined onlyv DoyoubelievethatGreeleyIsin"earnesttoaboutin bafts. The market TO heavy, with a tea when be declares his •'eternal hostility todency in tovor of purchasers. Coffee was firm: asmall slavery wherever It may exist?'' Do jpu be-lot of prime Rio sold at 16c a 16*c. The stock was reduced to 1 ttfl bags of Rib in first hands, 19T do. Mara-caibo, S10 do. Ceylon, 800 matt Java and 2,000 governmeat bap do.; total, 1,098 packetes. Freigtate to tagllahporta were Ana and active, with •sore offering for the habeas corpus by a federal court? Do you be-Continent. To Iivsrpsot about 199,000 bushels wheat lie ve that Helper Is in earnest in declaring that Lowell, in Massachusetts, indigent factory girls ware engaged, in ship's bees, et 191,floorat Ss. 91, andcotton at Xd. A fair business was also dotng for London,Glasgow, Antwerp, Bremen and Havre.managed to make himself a wealthy grocer and asuccessfulpolitician,andcertainlyitwasnet for him to slight a hotel keeper to whom he hadM of a general ofifeer. Wetbe Prince's warm reception here has produced inEnglandis,thatitisnowincontemplationto Mod him to India. It h justly ergaed feat bf ibe results of these royal journeyings bare proved so satisfactory in the one case they must prove doubly so in tbe other. If. in aKorth mad the Somth tm Kevrateat.'back without it? Do jou believe that thvsixty-lieve that Spooner is in earnest In bis wall knit argument that slavery is unconstitutional, and every slave entitled to the issuance of a writ of|cuntry where aristocratic institutions t a d no was for some Ume the guest of a gentleman who place, and where all men stand on an equality. -the motto of the black republican party 1* "theabolition of slavery and tbe perpetuation of tbewere discharged by thousands. The Boston Courier of the 10th September, 1857, at the commencement of the panic, said that within a brief period two thousand five hundred hands bad been discharged from fee mills. Thus hundreds of operatives, by "this stern commer- cialnecessity,"werecompelledtoleavefeecity. "Our population for the time is diminishing; real1 estate is depreciating; houses are being vacated by their occupants, and nearly every de- pertinent of business will share in the present de-tho hotel keeper attended fee Governor-General in person, and labored tomake him as comfortable as possible. After thodraw closer the ties o f consanguinity and friendship which bind It to England, what may not be hoped from Its effect In India, where the prestige of royalty i . *,mr<*lkthem to the highest posts in the government of tbeland? Youareinearnest. Thenmosttbe South be in earnest too; and God save you both in the day of tbe terrible conflict, which must come where such earnestness exists, if yon do Bot now listen to the voice of reason and ofvery indignant at the slight put upon one of the tion of a ruler on whose empire the sun neverit baa brought to yoa, and which its continu-" " " ' I I . . II I I I ' • • ' I 'FUCT.—The redoubtable John Hickman ofPennsylvania will have to look toMs list sisenergy.But the revulsion of 1860-61, when it shallthat this wonderful document comes from the penland."Mr. Wade, in his threerepublican institutions.condition of the people of tbe British provincesTamerlane, and which might well justify the allega-tion. In a country where men and women are and their bearers laugh and make sport of the South with the power of the great West, and gave alone—feat of the wholesale clothing manu- movements of trade, commerce, the currency unpleasantly, as it does every Englishman whoflogged to death for little or no cause, barbarism is evident fear and alarm of the listening South. warning that if any section of the nation should facturing trade for the South. There are a and finance. So we waited for Webb, and we crosses tho line which divides Canada from not a very unfair charge. MinisterMcLane reached Its literature is found in tbe incendiary compi- attempt to execute the threats of secession, it large number of extensive firms engaged in have not waited in vain. Here he is, as deli- this country. In the one he found stagna- Vera Cruz on the 17th in the Pawnee. The new lation of Helper, tbe revolutionary logic of would find a sleeping lion in its path. General this business, whose capital invested ranges cioosly absurd as ever. Webb declares that a tion, poverty and want of energy; in the French Minister, M. de Saligny, had not yet arrived. Spooner, tbe pure abolitionist writings of Alvanparties at Washington have come to tbe unani- the negro a thousand miles off. For him theyNorth looks upon with real or with feigned in- thing like proper time. We blow of no greater whites equals. Christ said feat the EthiopianThe long litigation m the so-called anti-rent snite difference and disbelief. Everywhere tbe peo- relief the public could experience than this de- could not change fee color of his skin. They from which it is to be hoped neither executivehas at test reached a termination. The Court of ple are alarmed, and the slaves look forward to cision to stop the flood of stupid campaign say they can make,him a white man, both in clemency nor political jugglery will release Appeals having confirmed tbe judgment of tbe some anticipated jubilee of riot and unrestraint documents. akin and brains. To elevate the negro they them. There is no other class in the commu-Supreme Court hi favor of tbe landlords, the latter Men on all sides band themselves together to tribunal yesterday directed an order that the land- meet the coming exigencies; mothers hug theirpropose to pull down tbe white man. They nity which needs a severe lesson so badly as THE PRIXCK OF WALES' RKCEITIOX Bn,r..— recommend amalgamation to others, but never our youthful rowdies.lords have execution against tbe tenants fordamagesandcosts. Thelandlords,underthisdecision, can proceed at once to teme executionsof the judgmeate rendered for tbe recovery of the »t their evident alarm; tho public authorities dispensation of the people's money. Tbe re- aware of the gulf to which they are being led amounts claimed, and also tbe coats of the rlMatstu take measures calculated to organize and de- ception of the Prince of Wales, which every by the "Jack} with a lantern" blue light aboli-babes closer to their bosoms in view of future dangers; children look wistfullj to their parentsWhat a punctilious set of individuals our Alder- men are, and bow scrupulous about the honestadopttheadviceintheirownfamilies.The poor laboring people of the North, notAWEAKINVENTION'.—Oneoftheveryweak-Prince'svisitfeattheonefoolishinfluenceactioae. fend tho State; Legislatures and conventions one admits was a very handsome affair, cost the tionist, arejib be pitied. They will find, per- in fee event of a black republican victory in Mr. Cbanler, fee Tammany candidate forAt s meeting of tbe Police Commissioners yes- |°«et to discuss the peril of the time, and all lis- moderate sum of four thousand and odd dol- haps when it is too late, that they have beenthis Presidential election, and that "he will Congress against John Cochrane, is not withoutrunning up whereof they fortunately bad no presses anddemagogue orators, intent alone onsolution takes place." All gammon. ThePresident kno«s bis duty; be will dis- should recommend Mr. Cbanler to all our taxcharge it; but even he may be well alarmed payors who are in favor of fat Japanese jobsand rich lobby pickings. Those opposed to suchall looked hand, or it would amount to twenty times theplunder, are more to blame than the people — UOW sum. With what eager haste these same gentle- they overthrow. And when the working class- • • • • w Yorhv tho Empire men passed the appropriation for the Japanese es tarn with withering scorn upon them and de-reception, though It amounted to $105,000, la-time to stead of four thousand; hot than they had tbe tains and hills to fell upon them" and bideof hope.www.fultonhistory.com•!'P'.... i.pNllliu., ,Uhey now do on Sunday, or rather worse. Not Prince of WaDuring tbe panic oflnw^tbjngs took the same turn, and it only differed from th*t of 1837 to duration. It lasted long enough, bower**, to throw thousands of helpless females and other laboring people out of employment At1have heard of a caae in Canada which may; bebavobear connection. When Lord 8y- Interesting indennum oame o w as Goverho^Gene^al, heLot this occur, and what is to become ot our laboring classes in this city, to say nothing ofTbe difference in feeTaylor was bis beau ideal of an executive officer.for If that old hero had lived to bear tbe throats cases probably reaches nearly $1,000,000. These by a patriotic desire to defeat Lincoln, agreed this difference was as strongly marked in"^|l'-;;;«Ht.. r —.—. y • m^vj+mwrnw^zm1V "kept a hotel In Toronto. Very frequently the effect of this act of courtesy has been topression." TheHERALD,inthemonthsof Octo-ber and November, 1857, gave lists of thou-sands of discharged laborers in ail fee depart-ments of trade and manufactures in this city.Fortunately for them, wbile the Western tradewent to the dogs, fee large crops of cotton atthe South brought out a large and active South-erntrade,whichdroveawaythepanic,andre- mostpopular,and, weareassured,mostpre- sets,andwhoseresponsibilitieswillbe greaterJwith tbe utmost anxiety. A s to the panic among lion free people of the North. This entitled State secede, and no man can see the end. the brokers, we have heard various causes as-pass from the arena of debate Into that of war. can never be restored—a secession would tho secession utterances from fee cotton States. as bis experiences on fen continent He hasman for tbe command.hour speech at tbe Brooklyn Wigwam tbe othernight, was quite bellicose. He menaced the other sections? Take one branch of business stocks, especially Morris, and fee great and of fee United States must have struck himple of India the Prince must be released from the tutelage of those by whom he Is surroundedhave printed elsewhere a vary remarkable, pro- He must go there under circumstances of greater independence and armed wife as muchthis matter.THE CHEVAUEK WEBB ON THE P ANIC.—Wealways wait for the Chevalier Webb's opinionInfluence on fee welfare and happiness of fee masses wife What he has witnessed in fee United States.Butof allthathomayseeandInvestigatein tho course of his travels, nothing else will leave on his mind so deep and profitable an impressionfrom $100,000 to $500,000, and hi some few number of Wall street operators, being moved other activity, enterprise and comfort. AndOwing to fee present agitation and fear ofwonderful case of public virtue that ancient orforgotten in fee vanity of Individuals or in the jealousies of parties.modern history affords, and it has been left for Is elected, many large houses are not giving one of the greatest publicists and statesmenfinancial troubles at the South, in case Lincolnout work. At this season of the year they are of the day to chronicle it in proper terms. We bad he set foot upon our soil than he enteredproclaim tbe liberation of the four millione of•laves; nor that thwwderal courts will beat Ohio Senator, we think that he is a little ahead unfortunate people may be thrown out of em-once BOorganized that writs of habeas corpus of John Hickman in his claims'to the position of ployment, and thus greatly augment the ex- class of the use of the knife as a weapon of tutors could have enabled him to do. will be issued to every negro in servitude; commander-in-chief of the army of liberation. penses of the city in supporting the poor. They assault No less than four persons, and all His quick perceptions and admirable tact ena- norjetthattheyentertaintheconvictionthata But,intbe meantime, whatsay thecitizensof willbounabletopaytheirrents,whichwillbo youngmen,woreconvictedonthatoccasionof bledhimtosteerclearofeverythingfeatmight black republican administration will openly New York to this programme of civil war.' Lot followed by a decline in real estate. But what homicide, in throe cases the knife being fee in-in view or these warlike enunciations of thea greater store of valuable knowledge than a life of training under politicalwound tbe susceptibilities of his hosts, whilst at and skill, promptly suppressed a formidable com- countenance and defend the efforts of fanatics of them give their answer at the polls next Tues- do the black republican revolutionists care for strument of death. The exemplary punishment the same time they placed him in a position topoor Gorman sewers in their employmont, havecoin hi quite another thing. His election will tion take a little extra pains to see that theresentence for murder in the first degree, one at more expressive of his keen appreciation of tho least of these young desperadoes would have freedom and independence of American habits,est inventions of the enemy is the fabrication that Mr. Buchanan is identified wife the South era dlsunloniste and their plan of operations,should be so promptly corrected by the other.A JAPANESE CANDIDATE.— We understand featWhat a contrast did be find here. No sooner.,;-.:  