 •1 IIII*•• mTHE mhTOM PUC» r*MFslfe, lewtwct,ft&,OLDOu> Pout CONTORT,Va, Jely H , 1M0; "WHampton Roads.PIERMONT.PiKutorr, July 10,1**0.Um to Beach Piermmt—Cedar Hill, diehmostofyour readers are familiar withthe id location ef Piermont, still, perhaps, few bare ,andfewerstilleverthoughtofita*a place f resort. Still, It h a s many attractions, some which I will here enumerate. Of late it has be quits assy of access by means of tbe Northern ef Maw Jersey. T oo can also get there by the aaeP.Smith. Perhapsthabetterwaytsto cartfromJerseyCity,which,sincetheyranon E r i e g a n g e , " a r e u n u s u a l l y c o m f o r t a b l e , A r r i v i n g a t Piermontdepot,wehavethechoiceofashort hill through the woods, or a circuitous route bylUa>* (improvements aTM *1 l b e T i i l t *r 8 ° T * • • P p e "eeut season- Among the* mar he noted a seat hotel Intheplace. It Is kept by Mrs. C.M. Pitts. Thegins. These electors, if elected, will vote for that demo- the novel, and, to m e,by no means trifling, pleasure of•JA% n \•t.*- < * sQotd—AdditionalAccommodation* ef PTW*k*-Hnda.POINT COMFORT.fteOtfVillage of f)xi.fi<ld—B«JV'ew Fort—R* jl«!»owiry—Quiet— PnttyUff^t^^-Army-Schoolm i'kuetdc.,dc,stc.T h e H > g e t a - e o s t y l e d b e c a u s e t h e g o d d e s s o f h e a l t hholdsbateunceasingreign—open*thepresent under aajfptcee themeet promising.fromand Ih-ivn and Attraction! Generally of a Sew England Settlement, dc. ItisstrangebowfewNewYorkersappeartobeawareBy tho countsenclosure"ofallthegrounds around thehotel,Inclttdmg those reaeutly granted b y t h e government t o the proprie- tors. 9*1 the chief improvement is the erection ef a neww ing wsae 100 feet In length, which will largely Increasehoaae is beautifully situated on a plateau near the sum of ahiU, commanding a moat extensive prospect of beautiful Hudson. From the front piazza of thiswo have a view of from seven to eight miles of theieffectread that blessed spirit "on either shore, aad through-watering place » a t h e continent. N o mountain retrdai—not oven the famed White Sulphur of Virginia— i« hdaitbier than Old Fomt Comfort.A u eat nittlake made by ihvae who come here is that thejfWre itjust al the time when 11is most pleasurable t o !>» h e r e P r o m t b e l s i h o f A u g u s t t o t h e 1 s t o f N o - V- •r (durum whirb period the company is compara- t.v llnn) ismuchthemost desirable time toboaiOldPo It Comfort, In September and October the climate isMaroa CHUNK, Pa., June 25,1310.WHTTMTOXK, I.. I , July 15,1HW H'hat can be Seen 4nnmd Mauch Chunk—Dclyjktful and whirled himself rapidly like a wheel, heels over head,rmonspicuously mark the shore as you pass through Cue mad.Thislocation is inevery way fine, andtheprospectficent views attract the eye. The winding river audmountainsofvariousformspresent a scene sublime audmagnificent. Next wecome to Bethleiem, anoldMoraviansettlement,whichtsamongthemanybeautiful natclyno evil resulted from It;andthemeettnuslyex-predecessor of the young Prince who is coming amongst us,andheboratoinheritthethroneuponwhtcnshesat, andsittingtherebestowed herpious gifts right royally upontheinfantchurchof this ournow free and happy« • Weler-the ac^modaliona. During the past season hundreds river. From the higher rooms there is a still more ex were tufaed offfor want of accomodation. teadlee one. We have n breeze here whenever there is,bewelcomedonothergrounds,andwe,ns cltizms, mayalsojoinin neb a welcome. But we advocate an aads arewide and level, thetrees old and thriving,the he was, they pressed around htm, beseeching es&Mgndumsf fhe ren&tts**g* from (he <*unA,a*cality|soneofthemostbeautifulonthaseaboard.Nearlyallaroundityou have the broad waters oftheChes»!*take Bay and Hampton Roads, with the constantpawiii« and repassing in full view of every class of sailthai o f Mr. Lord, late President o f t h e Erie Railroad; o n theneighboringheightsaremanycountryscats,and therewillshortlybemanymore,severalgentlemeafrom New York having purchased land there, among others Mr. Oould. Our nearest neighbor on the right Ia Mr. Loqis Caylord Clark, so well known through the pages ofEpta<opaland Presbyterian churches, and within a quaiterofnmileoftbeSound. Itisneatandquiet;suppliedwithalltheluxuriesof NewEngland gardens and mar-kets. The domestic arrangements of the house bear the would "walk" at live o'clock—if not then he would do soldtter commendatory from some prelate, if not the pri- control over all tbe made land on the opposite (bore, he mate himself, of the Church or Eogland, as other Eoglish- low lo • water mark, and it may b e that instead of thecraft, r^om the tiny skiff to the lariest steed merchant- th© Knickerbocker Magazine. Directlv opposite, couldmark of a thorough and competent housekeeper, whose appreciation of tbe requisites of polite life is not lost upon bergueste;andalthoughtherefinementofeatng tomu- sic, and transferring the lights aud shades of the twenty-at ten this morning. A t half-past four th e rain ceased, and many a heart bent freer, and huudreds of faces were materially shortened. I n n moment all was hurry and bustle—loaded omnibuses and carriages were hurrying toward Suspension Bridge. The place which Blondin has selected, and where he has stretched his cable on which he performs h i s wonderful feats, Is Immediately below Suspension Bridge, directly over t h e boiling and foaming torrent, which looks as if it were angry that nature should inflict so much torment upon a river whose course is so brief, and as if it were anxious to hurry away to re pose ou the placid bosom of the lake below. At five o'clock thousands of people lined each shore,men do, addressed, as such letters are, "To the Right Rev- erend the BishoBe, and the Reverend the Priests and Dea- cons o f Christ's Holy Catholic and Apostolic Charch in t h e United States of America:" and setting forth that" Where- as, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, having declared his intention of vis .ting your country, I do, b y these presents, testifv that he is a full and faithful member of Christ's Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church in Eugland, and for the sake of cur common and all glorious Head, I do beseech, oh behalf of the said Albert Edward, a full measure of all the means of grace a f your hands and every token of Christian fellowship and love." Such a letfer as this. We say, the Prince may not improbably be provided with; and sure we are that it would everywhere be heartily responded to. But be this as tt may, fieiseminentlyentitlednotonlyto"afoil measure of all the means of grace" at tnt hands of our bish-persons in poswwion of this land being ob.igcd tooay taxes on it to Brooklyn, they will hare to settle on Uua side.A DB&ntABLK FLOOR. FIVE ROOaTR. A L L COITVB. nleoees, to ltt, at 791 Klxtk avean*. eeeoad house abor* Forty fifth street: If wanted, the fnruiture ean be purcoaasd.also, raid Mouse and Lot for sate Price »t1500ACHANC*-TO LET,JTHFOEKISHED, BELOW FOR tieth street, east a l e ; a :our story brown stone; gas, bath, water closets, bells, tnbea, Croton basins, butler's paulry, dumb waiter he.: rent S30per mo thand board reademaa and wife, « h o «|iil occupy a n d furnhk o n e third atorr room; no objection to boarders. Addreat Home. sUUoo V. Post office,man ifcd man^war. For health it Is unsurpassed.formefapeninsulabythemeetingottwonarrow necks sonisbeforeyou,aroworasailacrosswillwellrepaythecrossed the threshold of this charming little inn, those who love good beds, airy rooms, clean appointments a n d an excelleut table, will c o t err b y lounging a few weeks awav at Fairfield. We have a homeopathic aud allopathic physician, and are but two and a half hours from the city. The house is the resort of several New York and Philadel- phia families, among whom are a few young fair ones wbose attractions would render any place a heaven, oven were tt a hotel at Newport. *Rich g, driving, fishing, bowling and walking up green swards ai.d gravelled walks are theoccupations that while awaythehourshere,andaswehaveroomforafewmore quiet and sober people, we will, as soon as our house is lull to the roof, tell you further who we are and what we arc about.MAUCH CHUNK.of Law} »t tbe point where tie waters of the Chesa-trouble.peake i.ii Hampton Roads commingle, the breeSfls that ¥ you prefer riding, you will find many charm- ing ones in tbe vicinity. One, not the least pleasant, U swtenLver it arefree of the malaria of the adjacent to Tappau, once so famous in connection with MajorAn-main, Lv,u^sbeen certified byallthesurgeons of the mi liur) I>J»\.Thtiftiath a t OW Point Comfort is peculiarly curative, ana, fcr rheumatic a!lection% almost a speciac. During the Uk.scaion there were several remarkable examples Ofitijetneacyinthislatterrespect. Tocorrectanerrorthat •> » u that in all tide waters of Virginia bilious fe l ajue prevail every autumn and Mil, It is right toThe Housewhere hewascoufined isstill preserved, er thetitle of the "Stone House of '7«." Hereyoube shown the room where this gallant soldierwas laed before his execution; and a walk of a fewminutes will bring you t» the fata! spot, or his former ve. A house is also shown here where Washington hisheadquarters. Wethinkwehavesaidenoughto convince you that Pi*rtnont is a pleasant place to pass a few weeks. Even if we thought we left the matter in doubt w e would close, for certain savory odors toll usthat dinner is being served.and an average of tw o filesone end of the bridge to the other.Blondin appeared on the cable from the Canada side, walked out a short distanceand went through some of his morecommonevolutions,suchasbalancingonbishead and lying down, as If to prepare the minds of the specta- tors for the terrific scenes to follow. At the middle of the cable, there was s slack rope or swing, the ends of whichwere ahout fifty feet apart, extending down twenty five or thirty leet. When he reached this he let himselT down Into it as fearlessly as if it had been suspmded from the ceiling of a gymnasium; but when he bung by bis feet•A\with regard to did Point Comfort, in the rccol- >f the "oldest Inhabitant" here, these complaintsWnown.invle truth is that for health it is not surpassedship and love" from the church at large. The clergy and Room, two Bedrooms, to the new boose* juat sniatMd. wuh©<it, anJ, sure enough, there sat a boy with a pile of Fagtaud. Thrammm.tens of thtnisBw*. of Southern ppt» c< n maad four thousand votes in the 8tate out of the mae before h i » , which were gotnf a t five cenU each almost piawouldvisither. 8h*wouldbeonlyashortdisuaoe iy houswndthatwillbecast,whilefhedemocracywdl asfastas,af'Whoursbefore,theyflewfrom theprssa.'oik, u < l S t doubt • vast number who cannot unite ©a one etsctoral ticket, composed e f sounA m e n ,ew York would visit the great ship were she to who will notbe pledged for either Breckinridge or Do* I sprang from the car, and in a moment t was enjoyinghe 1a coming fresh to our Q>»*«-tha* *°«TM* M. *»rcitv wh rh is so eiDresstr a church tn.^t- StoTand te which our owuTTwell « our Mother Smrch"an never he too grateful Oaford itself, as we ourselves have good reason to know, takes a war•i m- terest la the American church. It h a never omitted any opportunity of doing honor to ouch of our country man Ml bad earned the privilege of enjoying the de rreee and distinctions which It has to Its power. a.« a great institution of learning, to bestow; end o w p i r ticular'.y to the dignitaries of the church. Bishop Potter could doubtbss testify how cordially h e has just been r e celved within itsvenerable walls, and how deep is th?Christianrespectandaffection towardsusbare been manifested through him.beenwellremarkedinoneofoarownpalpiw, _ on record for the advastage of both mother and ter institutions—"Remember ing our common origin,our common church, oar Book of Common Prayer, never. never let a s contend for any inferior object than to spread either shore, end throogtooat the wottd, the spirtt ofMM and generous requital, t h e Messed aad ever e ngspiritofgodliness,rmaaeouaaaas,henifleencaend ^" There tsoathiscommon ground, then, b e a t o f a U f o u n d a t i o n s o n w h i c h t o r e s t e a r a r g u m e n t tho coarse we woaM wish to see pawned by theontbeoeession of the visit of thePrince of Wales city. Soch s course as that which has been sug- -amplified and illustrated in its details as might h emt Ham- lort * * * ltL»geOw»*ttlea.eriwatfs c o w T - s T i c u i n z * .Before Hon. lodge LeooarifnlAe e/ a'tfim County Cmnt-hn eppiicntiwterwMsmUeaarajteea writerprohibttion.te restrain the County Govt of Kings county from the tor. ther prosecution ef aeaeUoefOr the mredovoreof ansort- gage. B) the papers oe which the applies*'/^ to founded, it appears that, by the Laws ef this State (R.a , part I, chapter I Title J), theboundaries of the respective coaa- tisaaredefined,and thecounty ef NewYork,ismadete extend to aad along the line of low water marlcoathe shortsefWestrhester andLongbland;andbyTitle« (original Title 6) of the same part and chapter of the R H.. dinning t h e boundaries of the respective wards of the citv all the river wards are also asedeio extend to the sameline of low water mark on the opposite shoreCede o f Procedure, s e c . 2$, aahdivimoa a . ttvcourts were given jurisdiction to foreclose mortgages upon propertysituatedwithintheirrespectiveeeaatS On theBrooklynsideoftheEastriver,ahugeareaofland h a t b e e a m a d e b e l o w a a d n o r t h e r l y o r t h e k m watermarkoatbeLaagIslandshore,byflk tag in earth, maktag wharves, b e . a party m Brooklyn holds a mortgage epos land thus made, and bare commencedasunttoforeclosehiemortgageinthe»mtv court of Kings county, ft to objected by the parties ia possessioa of Ibis land, among other things, thatthe same, being clearly within the boundaries of the county of New York, as established by taw, the County Court ol Kings county cacnot eatertain JarHdioUon t i foreclose this mortgage, and Mr.Hanxay, ttnir counsel, baa pre- sented this application for a prohibition, and the Judge has graatcd an alternative writ, returnable on the first Monday of August, requiring the Conary Court of Kings to show caus* why it should n e t b e saade absolute.If this view or the counsel be maintain* i it will raise Some most important questions o f jurisdiction bet wean tbetwocities'otNewYorkandBrooklyn,andmaywake up our Supervtobrs In respect to their rights of pj.itieclnot Mild her to Bampton Roade before the retumstS F.verett%urty will run an electoral „tlflb*t which WittFleatantWateringPlaco—tU Recomnendatiom, ry, <tc , dc.Gent-Scenery,dc.scores of eyes turned away unwilling, to look upon a sceneBOfearful. After reaching the Americanside, where be tnaniffftatum of its respect on si interesting an occasion.meocedintheyear1319,andisnowcompleted,saveiiix.it, the Rip Raps, or Fort Cilhoau, which rises ually grand. On tbe opposite shore ofthe main, northclose toapublicperformance,alreadytoofearful,andtoresort to such means as that to accompliih itt Porta land. It wiU not the first time that a Prince or Englandthebosomoftbewateraboutonemilesouthofthe andisannuallyprogressingtocompletion. Aspa- tire proof brick build.ng for ordnance operaittoos hasix*ea completed, aud U under the superintendence of etcelient manud officer,Cap*.Dyer,of theord- e Corps. The for* is in command of Col. Diinmick,imthis,jutsoutThrogg'sNeck,("Frog'sNeck,''ofthehasbeenintheseUnitedStates;butitwillbethefirstoc- casionthatonehasbeaninvitedhere—invitedbythe President to pay a friendly visit to him In his federal capi- tal;and invited by the "merchant princes" of our own great commercial metropolis to come and see our great- ness and partake of our hospitality. Oh' on such an oc- casion, let the church at any rate show that, whatever others may do,sheat least can realize thecharitable and dutiful sentiments of her reverend bard, who says:—rnear Eighth street, eoalsmtag all the saodetnwill be ranted at a bargain to a responsible tenant.the North American Fire Insurance Co., Mo. I Wall street,ae to the -Hygeia" during the month of July and re- Having written the first letter that ever appeared innow nulahing, in Woooster street, between Bleeeker aad Houston, for a manufactory a n d show rooms. A goad buM-ain for a week or tw o preparatory to the regular sumer tour. M!There are now about six hundred visiters, and fromlynonehundredarrivalseveryday.Thehoteliskll, yet thenew comers and some place to sleep, and Iter..-iaalwaysenoughtocatfortwice thenumbernowere Welaveherealltheamusementstobefoundinacityyour columns from this picturesque village, three years ago, and having every year since sent y o u m y annual scroll, I now consider myself your "regular correspond est"fromthisplace. Thegeographicalexpressionof Stratford, like the sweet, smiling, facial expression of her lovelydaughters,challengeone'sadmiration. Commeuc ingatLakeWheeler,neartbebanksofthetortuousHou-rancHy ofVisUert alCapeMay—The Cam—Hotel nessOverdone—Politics, <f«.Busi-one in the county who dared to touch tbe pole." " fhere were men enough to defend it,'' kz. On one occasion an old resident of the neighborhood w a s assaulted because hehad.declaredthatthepolewasanuisance;andon another, threats were made to ride upon s rail a gentle manlivingnearby,becausehehalspokenSouthernsen- timents freely in Occoquan. Letters were published in theWheelingIntdligencer declaringthat *'thepeopleiu the county wanted the pole removed, but had not tbe heart to do it."This raised much feeling in the neighborhood, and at a meeting at Brentsville, some time about last Court, itwas Sgreed that the dag was an insult to the people or Vir- ginia,andincendiaryintbeobject itwasraisedtopro mote, and should be torn down on Friday, tbe 27th dayorJuly.tfcis•*a.,onoftheyear. Thesalthatlisare celightful, satonic,youhaveadelightfulsailforsixmilesbeforeyou"Thegloryof Cape May hath departed," is theex- clamation that greets you on every band; not that the waves have ceased, their song, or that Neptune hat been withdrawing his trident and left only a domain of sand subject to the foreign laws of New Jersey, but that tbe numeroosVenusesseen risingfromthesea,amidthed bes.iies going to tlio bath houses, one can, after sun wn or before sunrise, take a surf bath in the roads on •actsideoftbeFort. HamptonroadsandHimptond Mill creeks abound in hog fish, spots, trout, shoeps xand other varieties of fish, and many of the guests ndeverymorningtisbiug,goingoutafterbreakfastin e iarg? sailboats, and returning to a late dinner, loadedreach the lighthouse at the mouth of the river, which rises like a gigantic sugar loaf from a high bluff, aud com uiands the finest marine view that can be witnessed from the Sound coast of Connecticut. The oppo.-dte 3hore of LongIsland,stretchingalongformiles;CharUVIsland,TOLET—THETHIRDFLOOBOPHOUSE1STWESTOu» ftnn. Vs., July IT,ltM . j [<njrA'aMCsrt ef rintrn—7V -BigOwn"—7bmt iHamftm—Yevfsrb M M />«MK—Oreat Eastern, rfeOur country dreads not theskeptic's puny ban is, Whilenearherschoolthechurchspirestand-, Nor fears the blinded bigot's rule.of paying respect to one to whose ancestors oar church] took the women away from around the object of their at-tented by th* wealthy, gay and fashionable from lection of the country. If the accommodations lofflc:.'ntly large there is no doubt then would be at th Umetweireorfifteenhundred,mstendofsixorsev<aadkwa vtsiters. j Th*-bi«gun,"the htrg>«*rin the.ountry, ofotthavahsartsassneh. has been safely hutded at th; 1visitedtheUrgevessel andgota goodlook iitwas hmsad. 1will notnowattempt togiour tHawjita lissailatisnof its magnitude, but may after it has been mounted and tried by the boardfiffimlaa for thin" purpose ' Near th is tha ntsaasnt tnwa I o* H»Tipton.by than* ss assfcih *f kaalth awl pl« "m\wB kept hatssi aithat nsta. ntasatsed ta«arrivalofs*aa» ofy* y ftteaJs. •—• Iwn has iaareased in wopaUtioa•opttlsttsa w a s a little aver l.30»— \ acradtsg the surroundings, it esnMMs 2,i tartng gained shout TOO t h a c«mtaT<*djaoeui is u s idfartheCertilityoftheml.hsa'thiaMsand.»:J itety. Sat thrift—a thi« nl**» is Si#w,wrii»asw*,e aratsd asthepoiatat wluo thJearly *J.'.1*S oi' th• aajwhile within a few rods of these are the Methodistchurch, Post Office, Town Hall, market, several stores, aud agreeable to those who are here, as we are batter fed, youthful, member of our Mother Church, but as one b>r,it<tCYI Q ELM STREET -FURNISHED FOB At half-past three o'etoek the Prince William Cavalry snrtahle for young housekeepers; gas, Ctoton.abassaainf Jaut?*towa sad s u t ag to. met Cast. Xew/irt, with fwtf «*ws for thCa-hartneMarkettlEat8SiA*.,Sprtegatreei. *"*%£ terbythewarnsofSewporfanew*Point ftij •IV « « of ihsInwt harborsaw«fahk theat*»i tvJaa^ It-r« theCroatKtstern **\U be«(WmMr, Qx-y-ifx s5ii drew thirty fi*t o fRomans,whorwshedsosavageryupantaeSabine«to fays ageoe: but.puttiag s copy of *K>.-i.l's Art" hi their valises, act npun its precepts.Thepmiticaikmmm hereislassctoadtasathan*wua —~.ih••• mth*M,»ofa euaarvvaliw. *fc» B»U »-*,»intetetabteaaisances,heatsaddust,havingbeenabated.Untitled DocumentAtaibaoy,afterIhad s.aU-4 myself inthe7JOtrain M«b»what,a^oarsweresuli»u>greeted withtheThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069peculiarposition inwhichourchurchstandstow. thatofhisownkiaglom,andvc*n scarcelyfailtofeel taw-rest to her accordingly.the Prince rilt present himself to ns,moreover asInmu bavin QTRRBOSCOPICPICTURESOf RESTDFNCVOBOaSJ*"*Tiff*.nvxt.ordered about race, and his company marched off, sainted as tbey went b y mingled jeers and applauseDuring the e.ening there waisome excitement, and a personalrencontretookptaeebetweenCM.Brawnerand JosephT.Jaaaey,in which the tatter was considerably Injured.Thecrowdclearedawaydaringtheevening,andatto Cedar Bill Mansion House, byfar tbe bestchester 1was told that Btoodin was "played,out; tout I ItlandSoundbetweenNo*YorkandNewHaven.After sawnosignsofityesterday—ontbecontrary,Ihavesel- leaving the State line there a r e Greenwich, Oarien, s u m dom Witnessed such a manifestation of impatience and en-fbrd, Port Chaster, Norwalk, Westport, Southport, Fair- thusiasm with regard U any public performance. It jwas advertisedthathewould commence atfouroclock;j»Me n d":t,we feel well neenred, woald certainly b e t oany air stirring. The neighborhood is quitegrass green sad strong; the perfume of the trees, grass,him to "walk," ram or shine. Even the ladies were the body ivhich hK sprung from his own waltmal church. anxiousthatheshould goonatalleventi, andthoum- idwMcftcontinues, andmu«everremain, in elmem and brellas and shawls which they were carrying about In •lied eommwnto* with her—that thmxh which must yet beI o» watering places in the land can boast of so manyadvau ages end ettractW as Old Point Comfort, which to the summer residence of Mr. Roosevelt, tbe cole and invigorating. The Fairfield House is a pretty littledesirabie. B u t s short distance u p t h e road has bee* called the BiarriU of the United States. The lo- •rated Wall street banker; a little further on w e tinlearth and flowers combine to render the pure air freshcountry inn, situated upon the main avenue, near she their hands showed that they were determined to see theicd on to wse his country from anarchy and eonfu- m Let as show him kindness for her sake— aCatholicminded,achurchman'skindness. Itmay be—as it ought to be—thatthePrincewillcomewithawe only see so far, we would recognise tbe gablesofSufinysidc. If you are inclined to water sporu. the Hud- four hours by dissipation and drinking have not yetWHITESTON'E.testry of Trinit>i church, in an especial manner, will show kttemon and respect to the young Prince. It is not only that Trinity maybe consideml as our cathedral church, hut A has been so much indebted w the English crown-in the forefathers cf (he Prince himself—for its establishment and tts support, that common gratitude wiU dictate someevery oourenlenee, at the corner of Houston aad Ihompsea atreeta. Inquire-as a'»eva.RMSHKll HOURK TO LET-IR TWESTT SEOOMDstreet, near Fourth avenue, to a private family only U rooms; tn perfect order. Appby to ft. C. BEAD, ad Sam Twenty second street, from It to 7 Y. M.ORANGE, NEW JER8EV .-8IITT COUNTRY SEAI*. Tillage KesHrnee*. Parma ami Villa stt<>a, a rraat rarta tv, beautifully altuaW, one hour from Oarttaa<tt strset Far rent and for sate by HENRY B. BLAUKWKLL, M WUnaai SUvet,]New York, from 9 to 11 A M. UMata street. Orange. ltoePsTEADV STBAM POWER TO IB.- LABOM AND small rooms well heated. 499 Water street.STOREHOUSE TO LEABE-M PERT BT SO, rgRi Strong, new Boors, A*. Mo. U* Woshtartoa street new Bectrr. Open daily from 11to A Apply to A. B. CLABEB, s U Broadway, rooms U and 17, up stairs.When the grave question came up for solution in oar littlefamilycir:le,"Where shallwego this summerfor aretreat"andwhenthesubject wasdiscussedproandPerhaps it would not weary, and be out of place to the numero'js readers of your valuable journal to hear a voicefromtheLehighValley. Leaving NewYorkatsix o'clockbytheCentralRailroadofNewJersey,Iarrivedwas received with great aoplause. h e immediately walked back to the other side with bis feet in willow basket?, tinula;-insizeaidshapeto ordinarypeachbaskets. In the bottom of these were fastened slippers like those generallywornatgymnasiums. AlthoughthisfeatmustDid trinity will, therefore, b e foremost in a I arrange- taient ihat may b e made for showing our Christian regard for the illustrious visiter. He claims, as an English churchman of eminent rank, our esteem and goodwill. \JIeitnotonlytheheirapparent tothethroneinourmotherSTRATFORD.STRATFORD, Coua , July 18,1860.Description of tke Scenery—Politics, &c.feet, where we are hauled up like the first, and tireGermaniaOrchestrawillfurnishthemusicfrom6to orator.box1,580Postoffice.TO LET OR L1ASK—A NEW FIVE 8T0RY BDILDIN'J,TO LET—THE SECOND WORT, NO. 25 TOMPKIS8 street; four rooms, taopantr.es. croton water on the Awr, »l80, very | M apartments, ready furnished, crowa water aad fas;lentwillbetakeninboard.Applyonthepremiss*17ompktns atreet, near foot of Delancey street.ITK)LET-ALARGEANT)COMMODIOUS HOUSE.OCT- 1 booses, Ac., with three acres of lawn and garden, on East river,nearSeventy-fourthitreet;convenienttocars;rentMM.J. J. SMITH A CO., 760 Third arenas. TO LET-RENT REDUCED—THE SPLENDID FLOOR*through, containing five and atx Rooms earn, wardrooms. drawers,Ac,andnearlyailthemodernimprovement*.of house 255 Ninth avenue—bill up. Also to let. AnartmeatSi threeronma.No.431Ninthavenue.Iith the spoils of the deep. The garrison of Fortress three miles east oa the left, embracing forty acres eighty surf and breakers at the anti prandial hour of eleven, served for him at the Atlantic House. ]Intelligence or this determination soon reached Occo gas aad gas fixtures complete, uaeaceotionable reference reionro* parades every morning and afternoon, ana every r eveningthebandplaysontheparadeground. H»des these wehave billiard tables (which, by theby. areecrabie/. tenpin alleys, a pistol and rifle gallery, and, port harbor, Black Rock lighthouse and Point-no Point on and although a Vulcan or two may be seen before sun-r those whoindulge, anexcellent barand—a tiger. toreover. there are fast horses to be had for the eveningive.ItisworthatriptoOldPointtoseethefortandthe ip Raps. This last is an island, formed b y throwing;quan, and on Monday night a republ'can meeting was held theretodevisemeasuresforthedefence of theflagpjie On tb e following morning Mr. J. C. Athey visited Wash- ington, sud sent to Governor Letcher the following de- spatch:—We, the citizens of Occoquan, are threatened with invasion byanarmedmobofthreehundredmenfromadistantpartof the county, on Friday nex , at twelve o'clock M , aad call upon youforprotectioninthisemergen*)',otherwiseweshallhave to defend ourselves. W . C. ATHKY.quired. Apply to SMITH AHEAD, 179 West Tweuty aw:* street,cornerofEighthavenue.rpO LET OR LEASE—THB SECOND, THIRD, POURTB 1 andfifthStories,arrangedintoseveralwelllightedamass oneachfloor,efthenewbuildingNo.81Massaastreet,tatscity;alsotheWoreofsaidbouse,MSfeetdeep,aad Hae*meat of like death; the heMtasont would make a ane bitkardruoa; thehousehasallthemodernintnrovanMnts. ApplytoFRAB* CIS BTRHJ, MS Massaa street ^* 'shelledbeachoftheMilford,twomileseast,withBridge-nelissusceptible of being dyed, arepositively scarce,thewest,togetherwithinnumerablecraft ploughingtherise,apparentlyinsearchofsomesuddenapparitionofones into the water, where it was twenty six feet deep,, lows, which of itaelf is a splendid aviary. On this Vulcan was himself placed—a udumpacfu.n. tiltheyappearedabovethesurface^ Wallsofrough embankment,twomiles from thelighthouse,i<athe Mother Church of England, of which the Prince is one i day.itishoped,tobe,asaKing,the"nursingfather," whileatthesametime itwelcomes,inareligiousspirit, so interesting avisiter toourcountry Andwecordi-Oa behalf of citizens. r LEASE-THAT BEAUTIFUL HOUSE CORVEE TowhichtheGovernorrespondedinstanterssfol- FifthavenueandTwentyfl.thstreetextendingtoBroad«we'rethen built,and thus it remained for many . the island gradually sinking. When it was found t the subsidence had ceased, the first ru te walla wereilarge farm called the i.ord-htp. fomerle own»i Butthisstateorthings,attheconfessedlymostagreea-byCaptainSamuelNicholas,sprivateersman in thewar ble and rational watering place in this coun-lows:—way,opooalu-Madisonsquare, builtexpressly"orahrstcam boardinghouse. ApplyatoraddressWorthHouse,l.*ttJii avenue, New fork.While near her church spire stands the school.GotliKCongregationalchurch,beneathwhosetapering beenoverdoue,andthereisaconsequentreaction. Then tbo^e who have the means of real enjoyment now seekwomenlefttbevillageaadtheplaceseemedquitede- serted, but no preparations were made for defence, and a memorial totbeColonel askingprotection wasprepared and numerously signed.-t,twoMocksfromthepremises.Inquireontnenre-thedepotbelongingtotheNewHivenRailroadCompany. A mile westerly from these structures is Hard a HiU,whichnearlytakestheproportionsofamountain. From thahill,marly five miles froa the lighthouee above mentioned, you get the same marine view as fro n thatpoint,togetherwithasptendi1prospective,Inwhich J*«*tMe«e,Or«a* Meadows, Fresh Pond and a oeckered ~*****l*arepleasingfeaturesinthescene. Standingon !**hlb you can see the citv or Bridgeport, three miles SS wiL?00*waU*m * northerly directionaahain of Zff-yRJ**1 ** **»h isolated trees and cattle, with«a of gram at their bases, greet the lover eftermed the 1st picture of what Washingtonprettkat vuiage in New Eagland," in arfliud-, when i bis tour to Boskewj which teehjaaoe durum litT h ^uueiag hw incumbency of the exeoutive chair, M«JQssigiin«_ which has er«r character mediaeCaptain Thornton commanding, entered the village and'hedks aew msttrsmis. bed knee, be., wtthHate,asH three ")* BRIDGEPORT-DAILY UMtPARE " " J ^ S S . The steamer CATALINE, Car*. I a A. Vafi, wtf * • "Oliver slip eTery day Ml 12 o'clock, soon. r»2!?BlLt*s«! ttonwttatae ffasaatanto Baitooed. The eie»m»#IW"»^2, PORTwtlleave Peak ahp every Monday. Wednesdays* Fridayatxto'etoek,neon,irnrtmtoJane •"^ff^^SyonrgladiesHeaL—The "International"—Body dc•**"""twoestodraintheeburUtPerformance— / h fof (he Performance—Cmolt Xew foundTS^T^TaTm-her?,wnTthcTe^^ iT?* T°t** • "cratic candidate who shall have proved himself the moat popular n t n before the people in those States in which two democratic tickets are run. The democracy unitedreading the HJERILD one hundred end fifty miles fromborne at tbe same moment the carrier w as dropping it atlose the State beyond peradventure.At Rochester, where 1 stopped a few boore, 1 badthe good fortune to meet a party of friends, Whowere also bound t o Niagara, a n d I Joined thjwn.A few miles this side or Rochester, one had s fine view ofthe ecBpse of the sua, for which w e wore ialebtel tOjtheforesight and politeness of onr conductor, w h o furnishedus with a smoked glass, none of our party having takenthe precaution to bring one. i Themostnoteworthyoccurrencesinceoararrival• thefourthperformanceofBlondinonhisrope,whichtook p l a c e y e s t e r d a y n f t e r n o o n . W h i l e I w a s s t o p p i n g I n , R o -field, Stratford and Milford. Bridgeport is a noisy, dirty town,anddoes notenterthelist,theprettiest of which is Fairfield, whose fame extends back to Revolutionary days, when the British burned it, with the exception of one solitary house.shortly after neon n drizzling min set in, and tt wsa veryapparentthatunlesshe wouldperformintherain therewould be a very great disappointment, as it is saidtherewere more people in town to witness this performanceconvenient—wouldIndeedThe principal street is studded with pretty villas,the^*M\NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1860.(with n B •1 and Ever.-tt ticket in the field, tt. -rehy my door hi Mew York. drawing largely from the republican forces), Liocoiu willFAIRFIELD.Faiarau) IIocs:-:, July 19,1390.•i*•o f t h e c h a r m ID g l i t t l e v i l l a g e s t h a t d o t t h e s h o r e s o f L o n gT#o and aH4fHomIT e*sCOM., our good stars guiled us toja conclusion, and w e de- at Easton at ten, passing through the finest part of the have been vcrv difficult, from the biekets interfering with country, but'he is a distinguished member of our Mothertot .reasibly delicious. Youstrike all the while the terminedonthisplace,which wefindtobeexactlytoour StateofNewJersey,withitsbeautifulsceneryandfarms thefreemovementofhislimbs,aswellastheirnotshaping iChurch; andwhile weallshould hate a filial affection forU: medium so favorable to health and enjoyment; the to llo- rope like the foot, yet it was quickly done, and ap- the one, Trinity, we repeat, must bear a special feeling ofhsl aie in the height of perfection and abundance; the u»ii«issplendid;thebathismoredelightfulthanever, wh there is no more danger of diffuse than there woald be Hie top of the All Thames. The months of Septem- h? aud October, indeed, are tbe two months for a sojourn al >d Point.>r go.Ml living no locality has superior opportunities. ides tbe surrounding country, it is axeasibio in ala? hours to tbe Richmond, Norfolk and BUtimarkets, while Tor the great luxury of the •riter, good nab,it is without a rival. Here, m Port Monroe. Thisimporunt public workwaswishes and wants. , Of all places within fifty miles of NewYorkcity,commendmetoWhitestone. Ourim aginations had fancied something propitious in the very*, for w e thought of the "white stone" that ^5t Johnin a fine state of cultivation. At F-aston w e come into the finestcountryoftheeasternsectionoftheState,sadas perhaps this place is already familiar with most of yourparently with ease; and just before he reached the oppo- sitesideheplatedonebasket upontheother,and balanced himself for a moment in that position After removing tho baskets from his feet be closed the perform- ance b y walking backwards to the American side. Upongratitude for the other. Fur, s s a poet or our own church has sung of the now sacred soil where Trinity rears its holv head—Until the good Queen Anne reign 'd, It was a heathen sward;t "Whitestone," I suppose, has nothing to do with that,sessors.1 should weary here by attempting t> describe one-halt of the interesting objects which go to make up the tactionsofthisplace. ButI mu-tnotfail to notice t w e are only at a very short distance from Willett's at,whichis over against Fort Schuyler, andwhich become so famous in partisan politics, especially in connection with a certain "investigation" and a certainhigh Valley Rulroad is one of the great high ways that bring the mineral wealth from the mining sections of this State, and Immense trains of the black diamondareconstantlyontheroad. Nextarethepros peroc.s towns of Allentown aud Cataaauqua, with its iron works,someof themostextensiveintheState. Onwe come, and the Lehigh Water (Jap comes in view, and here tbe scene is such that itcannot be excelled—tbe Blue Mountains on both sides, and for some distance, the viewllqurr store hi Nineteenth street; is a (cod location forlox Al cagiuecr of the fort, is also acting engineer-in chief of w1*' army.re is now a school of artillery practice here—the ocfcuaeinour militaryservice—establishedbythepre- s>at Secretary of War, aud the post is garrisoned by eight co|nrrates. Ofcoursethereisalargenumberof otucors stationed at the post, who, with their families, constitute a jmo,t agreeable society. One of the appurtenances ofschool of practice is a due band of music, which dis pens', gratuitous metody in tri weekly concerts during the summer season, while, of course, there are, daily, all the oxu.onions of a large military establishment.j*. plan was once assented to by Gen. Hankhead. and ap- ved by Mr. Conrad, then Secretary of W ar, which v.'<i have put the Hygeia almost beyond the reach of ri alv. li was annulled, however, by his auccoasor;a t'jouaand pities itis that such wasItsfate. Had it a carried out, as designed, the thousands of Southern -» auu gentlemen who every season leave their homes the watering places, and w h o dare not g o North with - r"ii.r«*d dumtwtK-s, would; have found at the Hygeia irople-t accommodaton-;. health, pleasure, recreation. » safety they c a n uud nowhere else o h t h e scabo.ird.HTIKIA HOTEL, OLD Ponrr, V a., July 16, 1S60.rjtomin Puli Glmc—Ainiuemtntinf (he \~ui!kr.<—Sail tropolis—the financial and the commercial ranks being aliove town is Mt. Pisgah, opposite East Mauch Chunk, a good season,) by more than a week. From the Atlantic)jri Sh tring, An-jUnj. dc.—Th< Big Gun at Fort Monro*,t s lue heighth of the season here. The fashionables foe say arrive at the Point between the 1standthe ;h of th.s month, and rarely remain longer than Uih of August. They then migrate to the WhiteNow pray w e for our mother, That England long may b e ,The holy, and the happy, And t h e gloriously free!Who blesseth ber is blessedt So peace b e In h e r walls'.And joy in all her palaces, Her cottages and halls!Tbe Troubles at Oicoqnan, Va. LINCOLN A N D HAMLIN POLS CUT DOWN—SCENESAND INCIDENTS,ETC.the Alexandria, V a., Gazette, July) LET-THE NEW STORE MO. 178 NINTH AYENtTt,readers1 will only give it a passing notice.It is a regu-the angel once give to "the churchssin Pergamos." larly built place, and situated on commanding bis arrival some of the more enthusiastic spfctators at-But then they made i t s virgin turf An altar to the Lord,rYork eit» and Barn and CarriagwHiousetsss-tached to the premises, anad half an aere of x*rivx,uand; t'%from Jersey City;hasa wallselectedvariety of fraa andShrubberytpossessiongivenonthetatofAarast- Annty toCUARUN MUSK,entaepremises. StagesleaveJersey Chy every boar.tempted to bear him away upon their shoulders, but he hills, at the junction of the Lehigh and Dela- declined their assistance and esctped out of their hands. ie place taking its name from the white rocks whwh ware. In comtnff up the Lehigh Valley magni- At one time, when he-was near the middle of toe rope, some oue outside of the enclosure fired a pistol, causingRENT-A NEAT TWO STORY OOTTAOE, WITHRE tension, pleasantly situated at Greenville, M ew Jersey, this "good Queen Anne," let it be resiembered, being a fram which is fine view of the surrounding •ountry. HewplacesintheinteriorofPennsylvania. Itiswell built,ild people,) at whose point standi Fort Schuyler in its and contains a female seminary carried on by that wror- but that which nature furnished, was realized. After thelive grandeur; whilst farther up the Siuat, in the tby sect, and it has certainly that air of nicety and neat close of the performance w e returned to the International, istant view east, ts seen City Island, or surpassing ness that is seldom met with. Nowwe come intothe which, by thewav, may very properly bestyled a modelLET-RBMTLOW.TILLMAT,A LARt story brick House, N o . 10 NeUeOa>uty, now celebrated for its cultivation of those dell- beai t of that grand scenery that the Lehigh Valley ishotelMr. Coleman, the proprietor, is too well known to N ew Yoi kers and to tbe public generally, and h is Astor House reputation is too fresh in the recollection of all, fir him toincdanypraisefrommypen. Suffice1ittosay,that, however true it m a y b e that a t other watering places travellers are swindled and discommoded, a s long a s t h e International is conducted on its present plan, n o guest can goaway dissatisfied, or feeling that he has notgot the worth of his money.justlv celebrated for, and at every turn the tourist sees derjtae command of Col. De Russy, who, besides being dnd bring large revenues to the enterprising islao i pos- some new point which is not easily forgotten. The I>eof Si* St'coui artillery, fhe engineer department i* un- iiouB bivalves which rejoice the appetites of epicures,O LET-A LARGE STORE. AS A GROCERY AMBHon. Somebody, who figured therein, and who also morerecentlyfiguredasanimportantwitnessofsociallifein appearstobeentirelyshutup,untilbydecrees,asyou Iunderstandthatthebodyofanunknownmanwas Washington. approach nearer you see a slight opening, which gradually found today floating below the falls, near the CanadaLET-8TORB8, WITH BACKROOMS A N D K^OMS Kitchen aud light Bedrooms. In tae n e w house h o e MHost Napoleon Hover, at whose hotel we are so nicely increases until you getthrough, and then you see ou the side. Whether he went over tbe falls, or fell Into the quartered,hasthreeNapoleonicideasofmuttersand othersiderecedeandcloseasbe•'ore. Allthewayupto waterbelow,Ihavenotbeenabletolearn. thingsingeneral,andallhisappointments are unexcep- thisplace the sceneryiswild andromantic,andatthistionable. Everything is in a style, truly rechtrchi. H is season of tbe year unusually beautiful. Mauch Chunk isroTOCK, tn the store.tbe capital of Carbon county, and the seat of f ubstantials, and more dclicato luxuries. Possessing the tbe mining interest of the I*high. This place con-MATTERS AND THINGS AT NEWPORT.2 3 without bloodshed. A special correspondent or tbe Gatable groans, as tbe phrtse is, under the weight of choice[From the Newport (R. I.) Advertiser, July IS.jThe visiting season has set in in goad earnest. The number of strangers in the city, among whom are not a few of tho distinguished class, is larger than w e have ever known before in the middle of July. Nearly every desir-gilt ofsecond sight, he anticipates all the wishes of his coinpiny. nor needs any outside hints or intimations.That grand and essential item ot enjoyment and pro inoter of health, the salt water bath, is not wanting. The benefits of this arc now assured to the guests, and they depend not, as they did the m-evlous year, on the caprices of the equinoctial or any such thing.tains about 4,000 inhabitants and is singularly situated in passes among the mountains; and in many placescut out of the sides of the mountains, like parapets, are resi- dences, among which is that of Jno. Leisenring, Ksq., Superintendent of th e Lehigh Navigation Company, a n d also St. Mark's cburcb, Episcopal. I presume your read- ers, if they have not visited it, have heard of noveltette visited Occoquan yesterday, learned all the particu- lars orthe aftuir, and waspresent at allthe transactions. From bisreport we make the following summary or the proceedings:—rTK) LET—A HOCSE I N JERSEY CITY, RENT LOW TO A 1 good tenant, within three mlcutea1 walk of the ferry. Mo. 167 Washington street, between Wayne and Steuben atreeto.: •..we understand that the number who hare taken rooms Our fellow guests, let m e say ia conclusion, are truly of give them some idea of it. About a quarter of a mile there exceed that of last season, (which proved to be apointmente, with all modern improvements, and large restau- rant, 69 rooms to perfect order. Beat moderate; poaseanoa immediately. Apply to C. PALMEB, ol Pin* or 26 East Four- teenth street.gravity or switch back railroad; if not, I will endeavor toan association and agreed to erect a pole—to bear aloft aflhg with tbenames of Lincoln and Hamlin. Tbepolewasaccordingly erected, the following persons participatinginthepole raising:—JohnUnderwoo1.W.C. Athey Hobert Curtis, Oliver Underwood, H. W . Rives, J. W. Miller,for rooms are being made daily. The other excellent Wm. Davis (boy), Stephen Hammill, John Taylor, An A t>-seventh street, between Fourth and I-»r> gton avenuM.the first order of nature's nobility, and bail from the me-mainly represented by the gents. Never, a company plane, which is 602 feet in elevation (2,332 feat), is a guests is ahead of any previous year, and that applicationssenarate borough of 500 acres. Here, at the foot of a we learn that up to the present time their number ofm* re sekct and distingui. The ladies have the entirecontrol aud administration of the sociable features of the stationary engine begins to work, and w e are drawn up, summer boarding houses, the Bellevue, the Fillmore, drew Underwood, Marion Grigg, T. O. Coulter, Jameshouse, aud they do the amiable most admirably. Their while a safedy car goes down. W e are at the top, and Aquidneck, &c., kc , are filling up. we understand, as fast Oould, Thomas Rives, Jr., H. F. Duty, VV. H. Johnston, T.pleasure car, and as the conductor gives the signal thePossession immediately Inquire C. PITT. Jr ,N o ft) Lata; ette place.rLET- THE BXCG THREE STORY HOl'SE 111 WE-T Krosdwaj; the three story and basement Hot*! No 6 taricfc street; dwelling part of Horns 110 West Bros 1*a-.Immediate possession of all. Apply at MB Wilham street, rocm No. 1.• *^——^ — — »—.^—.—.^——.^usual drawingroon entertainments are one of our great sources of gratidcation.We have this sole drawback to mar our present enjoy-ment—the fact that days and weeks bpeed swiftly away, the little town and the Blue Mountains, and Lehigh Gap BOPS, RECKPTIONS, MCS1C AT TOE FORT,ETC.while the conductor loosens the brake let ns rest and ex as usual. From these and other cheering indications, tbe amine the panoramic view before us. W e are 800 feet prcsiiect of a first rate season, all round, is every dayLi Pelecman, John Wright, Wm. Western, A. A. 8elecman, E w d . Roberts (Englishman), Tasco Harris (free negro), Jim Snyder (free negro), Albert Harris (freenegro).above the I«high, and at the base is the winding river, encouraging.jph^r Springs and other watering places in the moun- and that with tin-close of the geuial season there euso.es in the distance. This must be seen to be appreciated, Tbe necessary consent having been obtained from head Upon the rasing or the pole, the pole raisers wereau^ a m ay be that a course of salt water bathing is ce-isary to prepare tbesystem for thereception ofmiu- watets, or,perhaps, the bathing is requisite to give votaries ofpleasurestrength toundergotheroundof i>aUoa they must pas=. through in t h e mountains. »t,»rer maybe the cause, the effect is that hundredsthe inevitable cease of the social oaverse, the cheeringmusic,thekind reciprocations of friendly contact,the andanyattemptatdescription would betotallyunjust, quarters,FortAdamswillbeopenedonceaweek,(Thurs-unwelcome separation, aud long winter's piuse. and still be looked upon as exaggerated. Well, w e are day afternoons), during the season. From the great ready, and go without any motive power at the rate of number of splendid equipages in town the driws to thearmed with muskets and made quite a military demon- stration. A meeting was held at which black republi- can speeches were made b y W. C. Athey and J. Wright,thanonanypreviousoocaslon.Atfouroclocktheram ttheworM."'Weintenditto1*,inthU particularhad not ceased, bnt it looked n little brighter. About thattimeBlondinmadebisappearanceintheefflceofthe InternationalHotel,andassoonasthecrowdlearnedwho, an exclusively church matter. ThePrinae will, doubt-human spider traverse histiny web ifheshould seefitto doso,inspiteoftheelements. M.Blondin,however,an nountiedthat Incase therain should cease intime hehim to turn hisheadsuddenlyInthatdirectionJ Can itbe that anyoneissodepravedastowishtoseeatragicpressedwishofayoungladythatweshouldhavenofallextended from In a few minutesable cottage or bouse has been rented,notwithstandingseveral n e w and splendid private houses have been addedto tbe list during the last year. From the Ocean House some sixty reside in the vicinity of Occoquan, institutedr LET-A DESIRABLE COTTAGE, EIGHT MILEB from New York; can be reached every hour; owner wants a respectable tenant: will aeoommoiate a large fanv.r; twenty miles an hour up Mt. Jefferson, a plane of 400 Fort will be unsurpassed this season. Helmsmullcr's en the latter or whom, a new comer, is sai 1 to be quite an hsa tire stable. outAouses, Ac.; rent SfiOOper annua. Adlramthrough Panther Creek Valley, to Summit Hill, where we examine tbe burning mine—which has continued so for the ast year—and go over th e different planes and inspect the extensive works of th e Lehigh Navigation Company, and returning by the back track road, going the whole route of eighteen miles entirely by gravitation.CAPEMAY.Cti'S ISLAND, N. J., July 18,18«0.l7 P. M., at thePartde Ground.The Fort is now in charge of Ordnance Sergeant Smith,a very gentlemanly old soldier, who has seen "some ser- vice" in his dsy. He will do all he can, to accommodate tho public on the above occasions.The ladies at the ()c?an House will continue the recep- tions, inaugurated last season, every Saturday evening, from 9 t o 11 P . M.AttheAtlantic,receptionswilltake'placeouFriday evenings at the same hours.Wednesdayevenings have been appointedforthere gulur hops at the Ocean House, and Monday evenings at theAtlanticHouse.Helmsmullcr's Germania Orchestoa performs every morning al 10 A.M. in front of the Ocean, and at 4 P. M. and 9 P. M.every day in the house.TheGermaniaBand,underCarlBergman,performs regularly at the Atlantic every day duxmg the season.We are informed from a reliable source that the Hon. StephenA.Douglas,isexpectedtovisitthiscityabout the first of August, and that apartments have been re-. Many persons in t b e neighborhood opposed t h e erec-tionofthepole,believing ittobea standing menacetotbe peace of the county, but at first there was no indica-tion of an attempt to disturb it. Tbe republicans when, ness location. Uquire at 178Weoster street. spoken to on the subject, answered that " there was noL-.The Prince of Wales to be Exhibited In T r i n i t y C h a r c h . |KromtheChurchman,July38.]Theapproachingvisittoourcityofthisdistinguished Sound, compose this grand view. From the light thebeautiTulseanymphofhis fancyamidthebrine,hi3 young Englishman—the heir totheBritish crown—has been already adverted t o b y our English correspondent a s house westerly, for three miles, thewatery roar speculationendsinwhatacountrylawyerwould call- anoccasionof whichthechurchmayvery properly beneath a high embankment, perforated by s«val under the peculiar circumstances in which the aaid Mr. take advantage to make manifest her filial feeling towardsfeet from the level of the highest tidal mark; the whiteclad in all the hues of tbe ins, or, rather, of which flan-of 1812, but which is now the property of Horatio N. Wild, try> is really more suggestive of grave reflec- ally concur ia that suggestion. We do so as American ci - Orders will be issued at once lo Oeneral Huntnn for the pro-laVC" down, and are now being replaced by substantial! ex-Councilman of your city, and who is known as the tion than passing pleasantry, and certainly there ti/ens,and under a deep conviction, as such, of "bowl frroagntgranite. "candyman." FromtheLordshipyouhaveasplendid is no place where onecanphilosophise more goodandjoyfulathingitis,brethren,todwelltogethertection o i your ciUzena JOHN LETCHER.Thatatblggun,"theJohnB.Floyd,wasbroughttothePointlastweek,andonSaturdayitwasgo:tenonshore.Tourcorrespondent isnotby any means a smallcinanhutbecangethisheadandshouldersiathemuzxewilth] whenmowedinaugust,arecoveredwithsnipeandyet ease,andiftherewasanecessityitw.wMbeeasyfor11LET-THESECONDFLOOBOF113EAPTTRrB- Uett street, between Lexington a n d Third avenues ree- sisUngofta-osquareRoomsandthrc«Belruom.vwuhwater andgason floor. Forfurther particulars Inquireoathepre-drivefor twomilesvillageward,before youcome tothe GreatMeadows,onwhich over seven thousandacresof blackgrass(saltnay)arecutannually. Thesemeadows,undisturbedly,ifnotprofoundly,than uponsome lone, "seagirtshore,"orontheboardsofa"banquethallde- serted.'' Why isIt,then,that where fromyeartoyearinunity,''aslikening ourconditiontothatof thehillof Sion,where, tbePsalmistadds, 'theLordpromisedHis blessing and lire Torevermore." Fair are we notall brethren? Bath not God "made of one bloodthoutaudocongregatedatthistime,andmanyhundredsma lowlegs,plovers.Ire.Amilefarthervillageward(north) ofthemostrespectablepeopleofourcountryamong all nationsormenfortodwellonallthercondavenueandThirtiethstreet. Hashotaad«o*dwater, Ki, including chandeaters and natures, water eUssts,warnya,laundries, kitchen, Ac,complete,toemastouaiiaaWB dwellings in the citv for such small rent, for auaeil reaeseuMs framilIilesa,aasuchonlyneedapejrly. RentlistotXperm— Apply to WM McEVILY, 137 Eaat ThirtyCourts otreet, < theaieuJeea.tocr»wiuptothetouchhole,pro,id*tthorowassoms-jbod» to pull him out. The muscle Is dftoen inches indimet.r. and the gun at themuzzle five inches thick. Tn< and as round or circular as a circus ring. Thouih this dozen emptj oues, and in phtic of the "song and the harpfularchargeofpowderisfortypounds. Itwillprobabl. used for throwing shells, for it would b e a waste oi ttthrowsuchsolidshotaswouldbereqliredtoniboreSecretary Floyd is expected at the Point in a few davsjnd quarters have been fitted up for him outside t h e fort] • the house where Majur Chapman committed suicide t f a l l . G o v e r n o r L e t c h e r i s n o ar a t t h e H y g e i a . T h a eitherduringthedayiswarm,butthenights tread>LET-FI/»OR8THitOUOH,POURANDFIVEROOMS,-htfully —numberedmorethanthreetooneoftherepublicans.O n t h e n i g h t o f T h u r s d a y s e v e r a l o f t h e w i v e . - o f t b e residentsatOccoquan,fearingbloodshedwouldoccurtheisFreshPond,abeautifulsheetofwater,fortyfathoms deepinthecentre,amileandahalfincircumference,them, you now see only one or two htlf filled hotels to aface ofthoearth?" Buthowmuch moresointhe churchas'^brethrenInChrist;"and,moreespecially,as being such under those ties of Catholic ohurchmaaship which yetsubsist—and we trust will oversubsist—• between the English and American churches. It is in this pointofviewthatwewouldhumblyseektohavethe question considered. The political, and even the social!in those new brown atone houses. Southwest earner af se-pond is called Fresh Pond,thewater is verysalt, it*saline properties equalling those of the Sound or OjeauOnemilefromthispondisthevillage,whosebroadstreets, graceful elms, palatial residences, aromatic gardens and sheltered walks are unrivailed. On the common stands the academy of l'rofesgor Sedgwjpk. theEpiscopal ch::rch andthedistrictscliooitoOTb. Tuac h u r c h i s a s p l e n d i d O o l i t i c s t r u c t u r e o f w t j Q p , a n d t h ebrick(district)scboolhouse,standingasitwereinjux-taposition, reminds one of tbe quotation in Professor mer resort. So that excuse fails and falls, Oiney sGeography, the author of which lives within a fewHvatu Hanx, > rod.- of both, in a fine brick mansion:—TDTLUAM8BURG-T0 LET. FROM isT OF hVOOfT. House, No. I S Ainstae street, camammg eight room*. «****a r a Ac, marblemantles,gas«adfixture*,water ^«» * *' Lipleasantyardofarborandvinea,'rvitttreesaad«w«r».ans paved walks, wtth wood and wnshbraseta>th*TOUTnrtnew. a very desirable reetdenos to s deareWe tens*, ,w**»andthedance,"longvisaged,prayer meetinglookingde- nizens of a public tavern, upon the most cousplenous co- mmitofwhichisstuckanoticeof"DailyPrayerMeet ings Held at this House."Some oue suggest?, in the hope of meeting the objec- aspects of the case, w e leave to be dealt with by others.!tion, that Atlantic J-ty has drawn off the crowd; but an- Ours is not a political journal, and. we have neither party! should be defended to the death, unless the assailants fTH) LET, IN WTLUAMSBURO-THE COMMODIOOTother,andaladyofniceperceptions,from Phihtdelphii. t o o , r e m a r k s t h a t i t o n l y c a r r i e s o f f t h e e x c u r s i o n i s t s a a d othernuisancestotheresident populationofasumnorpoliticalobjectsinview. Ourcauseisthatifthe!c h u r c h — t h e o n l y e n d s w e a i m a t a r e t h e p r o m o t i o n o f h e rinterestsandtbeextensionofherinfluences.AnditIsinaccordance with this view, and in furtherance of this ob next day, attempted to demolish the pole In the at sea, whh stable. Injoirc of FTEIBBAM. 157 Broadway. ject, that we humbly but carneastly commend to our au-and still nobody comparatively arrives here.Still, tbe 'principal hotels" anticipate, from day to day,great accessions to the participation of the general enjoy-ahlenesstbeysosumptuously provide, without realiza- owes something, and whoishimself, inallprobability] tack.tionblendingwiththecolorofhope.The truth ia, there are many and various operatingdestined, inGod'sgraciousprovidence andiuhisgood time, to occupy a high and responsible position in ouifOnthemorningofthe27ththi republicanshoistedthe American ttag ana the party ensign, bearing the names ofTwohundredrods above theseedificesstand*thenew causes,oueofthechief ofwhichisthattbe businesshas motherchurch,asthenationalestablishmentatthatpowj ''I.incolnandHamlin." Duringthe morningmostorthe uiin«ea'walxfromtheferieaoffbyGrandat.stares"*«•«Th•*fashionable wateringplace isnow crowded withtisitemfromnilpartsofthecountry. n»largermmiherarefromtbeSouth,theGulfStatesbeing wellrepr spire three more "schools of pedagogal cart-" stand; theretiracyofcottagelife,evenatwateringplaces.erfulrealmwhosecrownwillbohisgloriousearthlyinhe-though lessjostledandsomeofuscanhaveroomsonthesea inherit asupreme authority within herpale,atanee'amBut all this rea'ly readers a sojourn here now the moresideofthehouse,wheretheeyecompensatesusforallluhedinstitutionwithinthekingdomwhosesovereignheisrangedthemselvesintheneighbwhoodofthepotaThev,complete;rentlow.Applyasthointeriordiscomfortsand drawbacks suffered bythe other senses. *There are now about 1,000 persons on the island, with acebmmodationsforfivetimesthatnumber.PohtK* are dull, aad there te no interest felt ia the sue- ce*aofthePresidentialcandidates,iuconsequenceoftheir respective prospects being cut upinto so snull lots a* to leave little hope of there being a coneupon any party.n4W*dker-~Nm Scitpte—lUomdm'sand Enthusiasm—Descriptionand SurprisingBtlme Ike halts,After a delightful sail up tbe Hudson and w pleasantfliditovertheNewYorkCentral,Iamnowssjfely quar- tered said the rear of that "world of tumbling waters," Niagars. Forthepastfewdaystheweatherhasbeen dcljn-ieusiy cool, sad showers of rain have bees fre juent,tobe,thatwethink ourownchurch's regards arkduetoheii with a special and most friendly invitation to do so. W equite agree with theremarkof theBishopofOxfordin his "History of the American Church," that''few sab jects can be more foil of interest tomembersofthe Church of England than the history of the ;hnr.!i iu Ame-goodly number wdl cope hiiher andewry hack eachm,kc. Thty turned back; sad thfopdnt h»sal wia^Tw^sswjt not nci like the rhifeleljhitas, »r u £ renrii-rWigrailroad travelling unusually a tractive—its two this asof other countries, can** bat be aware of tat9, and pier Mo.iNerthriver a t ? * J h« »^ehw*'. Rwkawer at« P. m\, stopptog at the Seaside Itouet eeea w*. Farr Wvents eata war.being a concentration of votesIndeed," be continue*, "thecharch in everyNIAGARA FALLS. Kuo*RA,Julyis\ 1860.At the word of command, Jan. W . Jackson, of Fairfax, a stalwart yeoman, sprang forward s a d gave t h e firstFor* Papsrs atfVc« Cents Mach—Tkecall out oar affection for this child of onr old arefFall of interest is tt also to watch tbe upgrowth ofsuoh a body amongst institutions s o unlike o u r o w ntonoteitsvariousnourishmentandwell proportionedin-crease ie thewestern wilderness, into which it has beeariven wings to fly." Such are the sentiments of one of ground a d shivered. Instantly the crowd gave three the most eminent of the living prelate* of the Church of cheers, when the "republicans" responded by three England Andwe would fain nope that they are senti- cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin. Allware qnick1v at work ments in which the Prince of Wales fellv participates oa the fallen pole, and in leas time than It takes to tell it the Bishop or Oxford, from his intimtte Intercourse witli wsa chopped op and the pieces carried off. The Bar was the royal family of England, must have had mxsy opp>r- sent to BrentovlTle. tunitiesofinculcatingthemlathatquarter andthe 3osoonastheflagpolewaslevelled,Captain Fltxhngh Prince, as an intelligent and accomplished y<iuor manwww.fultonhistory.com!ritance.A it, then, we repeat, not only as a distinguished,Jwere followed byacompany aboutforty stroar.under he is pleased to come among us. in courteous compliance command o f Captain M. Fitxhugh«and Major Carter, w h oI T E A M B O A T S .DAT BOAT FOB WEST POIMf. JSBWBUBOAMBrica.daughter nation has large claims on the affections of themother State-and ether circumstances hereombine tdStrengthen the strait bands of Christian love. Our long!neglect of our bounden duty, followed as it h:u been byGod's merciful axeptanoe ofour latest service, may well wow, others followed, "redoubling stroke on stroke.well read, as we may readily believe,4a MwhUtWofb ereadt!t oTHELET-THE LOFT8 OP MARBLE STORK MO.IM Chambers street, a t very low rants, to Mar 12. Inqiiire a* rrRACg, BIAMCHI A CO., S 3 Broadway, 6> J. atoMM-desirabled " a spirit o f kindness and generous requital;" a a dops and clergy, but to "every token of Christian fellow- APABTMKKfS TO LB1—IXINSISILKQ OT OK« *OOM, two Bedceoeas aad Kitchen, our Room, oue Bednoa. nan[FromThe Occoquan difficulties ended yesterday, happilyOn the4th orJuly last the black republicans, of whom>mO LET-FRONTINGJ. class Boarding House or small Hotel, complete to litasTheGovernoraccordinglysentordersto\GeneralHun- ton, whodirected Colonel Brawner to hold a troopof horsein readiness togive such protection sswasne- cessary.WhenthedespatchwasreceivedonTuesdaynight from Governorl«tcher,great rejoicingwasmanifestedbytherepublicans. WhilstinWashingtonAtheymadearrangements withcertain republican! to furnish forty or fifty firearms of approvedmake,withammunitiontherefor,whiuhwereto be sent to Occoquan on Tuesday night b y wagon. The dispatchfromGovernorLetcher,however,inducedthe abandonment of thia plan. At the meeting at Occoquan and amid great enthusiasm, it was resolved thtt the polertempt, the wife of Mr. Duty was seriously wounded b y sthorities in the church the hint that has been thrown out, |blow from ber axe. The men gathered however, and V¥ thenews^pi^ytwostoryaadau^Boaa^yC^agepsying no attention whatever to'the horsemen, qnietlyformed wards.in a hollow square around thepole,racingin- *Poeahkeeple-The staswbatt d*ilyalA»a.Whilst this company wsa surrounding tbepole, Mr.Jo- seph T.Janneyadvanced tothe OapUinot tbetroopof horse and| claimed protection for his property, upon which the pole stood.. Poogaaeeaeael IP.Mjreturningto{hecity'.troy,"*)UihavMUnm*stBaggage traneferres free.During this time there was no interruption, save the re publicansaadotherswhostoodatcornerstearby,would eryout, "Aiut your axe doll," "Hope vou're having a goodtime,"be ins fewminutes,however,therewasa cry of "stand from under," aad the pole came to the]TTeither. Rent moderate. A»pty at 111 fftateeath street, be- tween First and Second avenues.Ttor Iron •nutters, and large plat* glass (rent. Apply laJ AMU M. WELLB, No 187 Ninth avenue.M feet deep, with basement and vaults eSBBassnfi, tovelr.rand K Crosby street; | taad Croton In house. 1« Forsyth streetMoobjection to ltt for a genteel boarding bouse. door .Injure asxtUNIONBOX ARE.A FIRSTrTK) LET—THE DESTRABLE HOUSE, Mo 6S E vST TWKJf-Twenty first street, constating ef Ave Rooms; Oretoa water,1 StoreandDwelling,inthecentreofthehueutee*penof W i i i a m s b u r g , N o . W A O r a n d s t r e e t , s u i t a b l e f o r a d r y r o * J e , groceryorotherbusiness,havinggoodcellaraadlargeprtbeexpress iralna.J * * ^jWRLBl A Age**-,BOURSES 'Very atasaewty furmitailPaitor andrR RfH^KAWAT.-THK «»AMBO*T CRR1>JJTU|mutn daifc trip* as thaw fuadayJ^f^tTrtrrS JApply w_ ^ ^• a*,Ji«,t «tf 0 ^ « | . tram rta.d « k u l 1 a « 4 . a rM> aVeadway. a. v.sundown all w a s quietnot tm an ther note on the same site. •O atcuta.es!SANbs tlawtew«thteeloedoajSreeerople Oasapaay.ear* Wea BallSAAlreetThe "republicans" any they wiUMOMjT , c.ttle,faaalygroups,ac.u****,JOB* . 2 