 Ti* :i1I>f IMT- 4MA-'ftf^^ ^^}'!"I- m *S¥itrvert is a port of t 03D, which has com! «md it means an •• icw Mr. Lincoln •waruponus. I<lJ do not intend toTin con rt-itutional a d much better, and jBut as; long u* t&ioxild be hsft to>.xIn giyihg this o/i tution of my count) Unco In ain man ei Aid man. But thu*sovereignty is exercised by Kings and favored classy listeners, and gave his opinion with considerable brar maintain the Constitution. Many of us have sworn to lion and the lamb lay down together—every man in the have advanced as we have ? I think not. Well, then, This piinciple of popular sovereignty, however muck"V>dy. Many of the rash and impetuous mana- vado, " that even here in Louisiana, a negro had as support it, Can-we, therefore, for.the mere election Senate and House from Massachusetts and South Caro- let us be careful now before we attempt any rash ex- derided lately, is the foundation of our intotioM, ger*, who are now figuring in the secession "good a right to vote as a white man." This impu- to tee Prcridency, and that, too, in: accordance with lina, I think, voted for4 it, as did my honorable friend periment of this sort. I know that there are friends Constitutions are but the channels through which the ;the prescribed forms of the Constitution, make a point himself. And if it be true, to nee thefigui*eof speech, whose patriotism I do' not intend to question, who hoDular will may be. expressed. Our CouHtitutioa mckeme, went there with the avowed purpose, as dent assertion threw the crowd into a state of violent of resistance to the Government Without becoming the of my honorable friend, that every man in the North think this'Union a.curse, and that we would be better came from the people, Tney made it, and they uloaai « & A repeatedly declared ia my presence, of excitement. He was knocked do^n and trampled breakers of that sacred.instrumentourselves, withdraw that works in iron aud brass and wood has his muscle off without it. I do not "so think; if We can bring can rightfully unmake it.&ihis administration would keep the South quiet until the Senate was Democratic it was for Mr. Breckin- may be, and it may not be, but the great fact that we ridge.] Well, then, continued Mr. S., I apprehend no have grown great and powerful under the Governmentthey could fasten their iron bands more securely around man could be justly considered untrue to the interests as itexiets, there is no conjecture or speculation about the sinews of the Southern people, and that for these of Georgia, or incur any disgrace, if the interests of that; it stands out bold, high, and prominent, like yourour rights, interest and,honor at every hazard, and to the last extremity. [Applause.}What -is this policy ? It is, in the first place, to ex- clude vis by an act of Congress from the Territories w.ith oUr slave property. He is for using the power ofij.{: worn tLh» \ b*f cr;h'e-Uty V&MU «h.tuie ior a S Ctll to meun dr feiRepublicanrule?Isaytoyouandtohim,asaGeor-. underthecommandofsuchspiritsasCom.Porter. gian, I never would Bubmit to any Black Republican Now that the coast is clear, that our commerce flowsaggression upon our constitutional rights. I will freely outwardly, we cannot well estimate how itthatwouldbesuchanactofaggressionwhichoughtto willofherpeople. Theircauseismycause,andtbeif be met as therein provided for. If his policy shall be destiny is my destiny; and I trust this will be the ult*4nHt/.•».f» .,K & $immediacy , ^ r :#«&&44tlitf#$?jf• SECESSION<**ancient land of eloquence, poetry, andsong. [Ap-33&S i300E SECESSJSrf MOVEMENT.**Delivered in the Hall of the JJov^ ^ jupresentattoet of Georgiafragments of ancient V o ^ of art^-temples with orna- ments' and inscript^jjg that excite wonder / n * admifa-.Suppose it were Great Britain that bad violate some compact of agreement with the General Govern^ merit, what would: be first done? In that c«se oofThe revolutionary plot hrSouth Carolina, andmine to separate herself from the Onion, we will by; allcoln's election, or of the Republican success, tr»*» either been very indifferent observers of «roctt8, or are easily duped by superficial specu-ingallthe proceedingstb© immensecrowd swayedto and fro with great excitement; not one word was ut- tered which did not advocate the immediate separationattentive hearing. • :. .1 rashly pulldown and destroy those institutions which Myobjectisnotto stirupstrife,buttoall-yif; uo' gotoseaandlearntomanage ships. We had at thelator*. What was admitted the other day by a of the Union.impulse of pnssion. I wish to address myself to yourcenter of political power, and extinguish thetered—that their eyes would be opened^—and that they would become as gods. They in an evil hour yielded —instead of becoming gods they only saw their own nakedness. •-'.' -•?^Si^M^S^pPBKisi^^•'Descendants of the.same p^^eple inhabit the country; fending Government, to give them an owwrtopfty ^ errors, imd from W$f$& P P | | ^ ^ S | vet wba^ i s the reason of this mighty difference ? >r in redress the wrong. Has our State yet done tius j j« iWk Wrchimte who baa orders for goods at the SPEEGHOFTHEHONvX H STEPHEN^ np this model P ^ l i ^ t b e best which the history oi tbemidfctof present :oVjgft2Jaatfcm we see the glorious think not. ' . • ';: • t , _ ,rj •ie• r i ^^S^^tb^fe^^ "ntimerit ' H I M L H. STEPHENS SPEECH. t h a t t h e N o r t h w i l l y e t b e a r t h e c r y " B r e a d o r B l o o d , "« « %. _A» x.l~.u «,tl1 lt/i al\innan f/Y Qthe truth of which I can vouch for, having had it from dispensed the patronage of the Government from an eye-witness. Alfred Hennen, esq., a lawyer of thislast hopes in the Union as it now stands, andgg^ ! ^ l f«rZv at Gheraw. Papers are being circus , Mn..STXPSEHB ent/;<ited t h e hall at the hour of. 7 Vg gAwf *hoe merobante are sending orders to•«K>V,USTOHBR'S TJBTTERi•'.. m m I S S S of persons pledging tbemselves nj.,and^asgree^wiUllong andraptoon8 ^planse dennotion nere M-nigbt7-PrnB9in,or ^^mtior—the *emflir/„ 0f a once high order of civilization•wi.i< h have Oatlived the language they mwko—upon Minister would be directed in the first instance to jnine.. '• w ••• . • « » • i. . .Last week the city was thrown into a state of con-sion, ' W e went into the election with this people.siderable excitement upon hearing of an alarming dis- The result was different from what we wished; but the election has been constitutionally held. Were wctomakeany dictation or direction 1 Who proposes to cheat thepeoplebylettirg'themspeaktheirownuutrammeW views in the choice of their ablest and best men, to determine upon all these matters, involving their peace,I think the proposition of my honorable friend had a considerable smack of unfairness, not to say cheat. Hi wisi ed to have no Convention, but for the L«gislatnirto eubmit their vote to the people, submission to A tiou rule or resistance T Now, who, in Georgia, wot vote " submission to Abolition rule ? " [Laughter.)Is putting such a question to the people to vote oa fair way of getting an expression of the popular wi on all these questions 7 I think, not. Now, whoi Georgia is going to submit to Abolition rule ?Mr. TOOMBS—The Convention will.up hereafter against us. •But it is said that Mr. Lincoln's policy and principlescider and younger Adams. Since 1841, there No clue has as yet been obtained of the actors in the let UBbreak it because, fornooth, he may. If he does, that is the time for us to strike. [Applause.] j I thinkare against the Constitution, and that if he carries city, who has a plantation at that place, discovered them out it will be destructive of our. rights.; Let us to the end of Mr. Van Buren's Administration, concealed in the cabins of his slaves, about seventy not anticipate a threatened evil. If be violates the •with the exception of two terms filled by the stand of arms—muskets,.' bayonets, ball cartridges, &c. Constitution then will conie our time to act. Do notI look Upon this country with our institutions as thethe adoption of the Constitution in 1789 downyv n i#'.* "*.?-. .;.** teSfOH ,?$ €i1&ski,-fc.,-..-./': ••.•:i$m $<iOf"HP,TO-;•****;y-vw*'. \ \ •' yif-ww• '. j.•••.-. o» fFedfiw^ WoVm 14,1060, ., —.„ ,, 'fflffiBS*^ FEixow-^.ITT7ENg:xappearbefore,you to-night att h e r e q u e ' b e r B o f t h e L e y ^ t u r e a n d o t h e r srft of mem _.vva «•(#* W - **~ *^--— - -TM——#,~ ~r.T7 '•*» *tiKtfj-organized under the'Constitution of the 'jCfaihern. by twenty-five Yl^Presidents. One portion of the stance. It is «ot to gratifv desire of my own that I tration of' Southera Presidents. Well, these fishing fgreatness meets the eye of the traveler throughout theseven bills now, the same soil, the same natural re-TOE TRUTH OF THE CONSPIRACY. Rights Association, Dr. Gv A. Nott presxd'ing, awaBted -now. I do not u*yvv appear before you atimyownin- cigut years of our Government was under the adminis- sources; nature is the same, but what a ruin of human for retaliatory measures, such as the Governor ha«•0W»OOTTWpOttJ*ttt.-amhere. ,Jb%uIconsultedmy.ownenseandpleasure; bountiesbeganundertheruleofaSouthernPresident,suggested to you. This mode of resistance in th« Union is in our power. It might be effectual, and if. in the laet report, we would be justified m the eye* <* nations, not only in separating from them, but by u&gforce. % '• • < P S [Some one said the argtuxeat was already ex*hanstcd.] . • " '.;•;_Mr. STEPHENS continued—Some fn«nd says thnvthe argument is already exhausted. No, my friend, it ^not. You have never .called the attention of. the Leg* Matures of tboi>e States to this subject, tbat I « ^ aware of. Nothing has ever been done before' thta year. The attention of our own people has been called to this subject lately.WASHINGTON, Nov. 21, I860. 1 Constitution read, "That if any "Southern State deter-any effort on the part of a. Black Republican Adminis- best pOBcy to be pursued, I an: here. Vor these rea- not. and I have nothing to say in its defense. But the It.is.the destruction of her institutions that has caused fcey -who suppose it to. be a result of Mr. Lin- tration to coerce her back itfto the Confederacy." Dur- sons,fl'iid"these only, do I bespeak a calm, patient, and reason given for it was to encourage our young men to it; and, my Countrymen, if we shall in an evil hourI shoxild ndtlbe before you; but, believing that it is' the duty, of every good citkon to give his counsels andeifibt years ever set his administration against the prin-*tti€T States is by no means unexpected, aud means in our power assist h.er ir» her resistance against views whenever the country is in damrer, as to the it was a wiee policy in the beginning; it prooably was difference 7 .-man's views of the policy of these laws and my pwn sufficient cause shall take that step, that, instead of lave been six Presidents, three of whom were affair. _ * it would be injudicious and unwise to do this sooner. do not disagree, j We occupied the same ground in re- becoming greater or more peaceful, prosperous, andSouthern men, while Pierce and Buchanan have On Tuesday evening, Nov. ,13, a meeting of South I do not anticipate that Mr. Lincoln will do anything lation to them in Congress. It is not my purpose to' happy—instead of becoming gods, we will become de-been even more Southern than the South. It Carolinians was held at the St. Charles Hotel, which to jeopardize our safety or security, whatever may be defend them now. But it is proper to state some mat- mons, and at no distant day commence cutting one an-was largely attended. The meeting was addressed by his spirit to do it; for lie is bound" by the_constitutional ters connected with their origin.mattered not how this election terminated, the checks which are thrown around nim, which at this One of the objects was to build up a commercial:^..^.-? j.to appeal to your passions, but to your reason. Good tiE.e but a small navy. It was thought best to en- the patriotic band of our fathers labored so long andcourage a class of our people to become acquainted withseafaring life; to become sailors; to man our navalgood sense, to .your good judgment, and if, after hear- sliij s. it requires •practice to^walk the deck of a ship, eimilar results will not ens*e? Let us avoid it if weGovernments can never be built up or sustained by theus and the world who can venture the prediction that ;leading member of the Legislature., of South The meeting was addressed by men of all parties ing, you disagree, let us agree to disagree, and part; as to pull the,ropes, to furl the sjgSj to go aloft, to climb can. I trust the spirit is among us that will enable «s we met, friends. We all have the same object, the tie mast; and it was thougWffW offering this bounty, to do it. Let us-not rashly try the experiment, for ifCarolina, is really true. Thin so-called crisis is with the same sentiment, urging the necessity of in- sameinterest. That people should disagree in Repub- » legitimate cofwequ^rtoe of twenty years' educa- stantly preparin g for withdrawal, either by force of lican Governments, upon questions of public policy, is tion »»hatred of the Federal Government, The arms or in pe&e. In a few days after the organization •natural. That men should disagree upon all mattersa nursery might be formed in'which young men would become perfected in these arts, and it applied to one section of the country as well;as to any other.;it fails as it did in Greece and Italy, and in the South American Republics, and in every other place, wher- ever liberty is once destroyed, it may never be re- stored to us again. [Applause.]they may he all referred.Let the sovereignty of th*The result of this- was that in the war of 1812 ourpresent generation in that State have sucked in of the. Association, nearly two thousand namsa were to science or human conduct, is natural. Hence, in sailors, many of whom came from this nursery, were There are defects in our Government, erroi-s in ad-treason with their mother's milk, and have added to th/j roll. £;>' :: free Governments parties will arise. But a free peopleequal to any that England brought against us: At any ministration, and shortcomings of many kinds, but in rate, no small part of the glories of that war were spite of theee defects and errors, Georgia has grown to gained by the veteran.tars of America, and the object be a great State. Let us pause here a moment. InLincoln is cause sufficient to dissolve the Union, Son* think those other grievances are sufficient todiwiohr* the pame, and that the Legislaiure hasthepoHVer Una to act, and ought thus to act. I have no hemkuwy^ savin* that the Legislature is not the proper !>^y to©bncixious laws ..a XJnKn. Give tl ei f^k all-Statef ScatI am IbrexLaunt fcefot e ttking tit- hThe Mirmte Men, who are a separate body, have al- should express their different opinions with liberalityconnected with human investigation, whether relating*oi&ly waited a fevorable opportunity to make and charity, with no acrimony toward those of theirjood tf»e threats of TebeBion which have hereto- ready nearly a thousand members, and are rapidly be- fellows, w*hen honestly and sincerely given. These of these bounties was to foster that branch of the na- 1850 there was a great crisis, but not so fearful as this,fore proved impotent, or have been restrained ing drilled as a military company. A new military are my feelings to-nigbt. tional defense. My opinion is that whatever may have for of all I have ever passed through, this is the most-l y motives of pooey. The same feeling extendspoe«to say aught to wound the feelings of any indi- tinned—the reason for it at first no longer exists. A nees and deliberation. arise. An honorable and distinguished gentlcuw:, :3Ir. vidual who may be present; and if in the ardency bill for this object did.pass the Senate the last Congress There were many among us in 1850 zealous to go at T R R. Cobb), the other night, advised you ,:<> ;.il»•«f all tie other Sot| got beyotid our c znsy v.CXbe the c:-si| selyes j[cheen>L l u ©perat^n of all tiwcompanyhasalsobeenformedunderthetitleofPelicanLetus,therefore,reasontogether. Itisnotraypur-, beenthereasonatfirst,thisbountyoughttobediHeoh- perilous,andrequirestobemetwiththegreatestcalm- sever our Federal relations,,if that necessity, onH1 SouthCarolinait o portions of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi and A large hardware house in this city rcceiyed yester-n^eri accepted as the law -and -the prophet*. ing words: "Abe Lincoln is our President; we \ippe convictions. There is with me no intention to irritate with honor continue his connection with tho Govern- same great people that we are to-day 1 It may be that must wait to hear from the men at the crossroad*, «nd he will please you as well as he does UB." The invoice or offend. .' ' • • . S ment, and that his eloquence, unrivaled in the Senate, we would, but have you any assurance of that fact? ven at the groceries; for the: people in this country,Every calm and intelligent observer of the wttBreturned with this reply: "Neither your Presi- The first question that presents itself is, shall the may hereafter, as heretofore, be displayed in .having Would you have made the same advancement, im- whether at the croB»-road or the grocery, wh«-f-her nt proceedings of the late Democratic National dent nor yoxir good* please us; they will be reehippod people of the South secede from the Union in conse- this bounty, so obnoxious to him, repealed and wiped provement, and progress in all that constitutes mate- cottages or palaces, are all equal, and thewarrytta quence of the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency off from the statute-book. rial wealth and prosperity that we have ? sovereigns in this country.. Sovereignty is no*, v. U»Florida, whereto either South Carolinians have day an invoice of goods from a manufacturing estab- with wljich I' shall express my opinions, I shall say', migrated, or the tioeories of Mr. Calhoun have lifih'mcnt at the North, to which were added the follow- anything which may W deemed too strong, let it be greatly, hut it was not reached in the House of Repre- us together. Now do ybu believe, had -that policy%Vreaking up that Convention, rendering a haraio- upon, amid cries of "Hang him!" "Hang him!" ounel^esfrcm it ? strengthened by the,protection of the Government, that about a correction of theee evils which threaten—and Would we not be in the wrong? Whatever fate is stimulant-was''given by his vote, end I believe every I am not without hope that this may yet, bo done—thisMr. TOOMIJS—I am afraid of Convention*.-,sious nomination .impracticable, and, through a Somebody procured a rope, which was thrown over a to befall this country, let it never be laid to the charge other Southern man. So we ought not to complain ofdivided party, securing the success of the Re- lamp-post, and Mr. Strought wOuld have finished his of the people of the South, and especially to the people that. •; •.'. publican candidate—who they desired should be earthly career in a rather ignominous manner, if sev- of Georgia, that we were untrue to our national en- Mr. TOOMBS—The Tariff assessed the duties.appeal to go out. with all the provisions for good that accompany it, I look upon as a great, and I fear a fatal temptation. .Mr. STEPHKNS—I am not afraid of any Conventii^ legallychosenbythepeople. Iknownowayto<1* '••.tereftii>theUiuotby representatives of the people. The Constitution of When I look around and see our prosperity in the United States was made by the representatives o( J£r. Seward—with, the ultimate design of "pre- the crowd. Upon hearing of his arrest, several of his others. If all our hopes arc to be blasted, if the Re- nimity voted with the South to lessen them, and they everything, agriculture, commerce, art, science and the'pe'ople. The Constitution of the State of Georgiaeral policemen had not appeared and rescued him from gagements. Let the fault and the wrong rest upon Mr. STEPHENS—Yes, and Massachusetts with una- **eipitating the Cotton States into revolution," as public is to go down, let us be found to the last moment were made just as low as Southern men asked them tofriends came to give bail for him, but declined doing so s< anding on the deckwith iha Constitution of the United be, and that is. the rates they are now at; If reason JKr. Yancey was candid "enough two years when they heard what sentiments he had expressed.: States waving over our heads. [Applause.] Let the and argument, with experience, produced such changesevery department of education, physical and mental, was made by representatives of the people chosen at as well as moral advancement, and our colleges, 1 the ballot-box. But do not let the question wbkhEago to declare to be his most cherished object. The case was postponed, and it is stud that the more fanatics of the North break the Constitution, if such istheir fell purpose. Let the responsibility be upon them. on the subject of the Tariff, may not like changes beterest, remain in the Union, it is our duty to ourselvesand to posterity too—let us not too readily yield tothis temptation—do so. Our first parents, the greatprogenitors of the human, race, were not without a to cheat the people by calling on them to elect delegate like temptation when in the Garden of Edeu. They to a Convention to decide all these questions without were led to believe that their condition would be bet-These motives are, however, subordinate to the eerious charge of tampering with slaves will be I shall speak presently more of their acts; but let not affected there bythe same means—reason, and argu-grand inspiring idea which animates the present • conspiracy. Long before this election, it was foreseen that the census of I860 would shift thecovery that had been made at Pontchatoula, about a point of rebistance to the Government, and go out of influence which has controlled the policy and forty miles above the city, on the Jackson Railroad, the Union on that account, the record would be madement, and appeals to patriotism on the present vexed question; and who can say that'by'1875 or 1890 Massa- chusetts may not vote with South Carolina and Geor- gia upon all those questions that now distract the country, and threaten its peace and existence. I be- lieve in the power and efficiency of truth, in the om- nipotence of truth, and its ultimate triumph when properly wielded. . [Applause.]Another matter of grievance alluded to by my honora-ble friend was the navigation laws. Tins policy was Eden of the world, the Paradise of the universe. It also commenced under the Administration of one of may be that out of it wo may become greater and morethese Southern Presidents who ruled so well, and has prosperous, but I am candid and sincere in telling you been continued through all of them since. . The gentle-s that i fear if we rashly evince passion, and withoutbrought against him. the South, let us not be the ones to commit the'aggres-other's throats. This is my apprehension. Let us, therefore, whatever we do, meet these difficulties, great as they are, like wi&e and sensible men, and con-Jfc might possibly be postponed, it could not be their State to the fullest extent. Resolutions were unan- President of the United States' is no Emperor, no Dic- is a great arm of national power. This object was. may attend our action. Let us see first clearly whore Georgia Platform. Under tbat there can be no Abo««bom of that domination was sealed, and, thoughMr. STEPHENS—No: my friend, Georgia-.will nerei Bonner, esq., and others, who indorsed the action of chief. This shows the wisdom of our system. The clusive carrying trade < between our own ports. This rider them in the light of all the consequeuces which doit. The Convention will never secede from thoSOftSy averted. imouslyadopted,tenderingtheirpersonalservicestotho Ambitious aspirants, who. bad been looking to Governor of South Carolina, promptly to be renderedtator—he is clothed with no absolute power. He can accomplished. We have now an amount of shipping, the path of duty leads, and then we may not fear to litich rule in the General Government. I am not afraidMessrs. H. W . Conner, the Hon. H. M. Hyams, J. M. time renders him powerless to do him any great mis- American marine by giving American bottoms the ex-The House of Representatives is largely in the majori- fhe White House for years, saw that the inex- on the'invasion of her soil, or any attempt made to ty against him.do nothing unless he is backed by power in Congress.not only coastwise, but to foreign countries, which tread therein. to trust the people in Convention upon this and a! puts us m the front rank of the nations of the world. I come now to the main question put to me, and on questions. Besides, the Legislature were not elected England can no longer be styled the Mistress of the which roy counsel has been atked. That is, what the or such a purpose. They came here to do their dotf- • arable logic of free population/excluded their coerce the State, Copies were left at the office of. In the Senate he will also be powerless.; There will- Sea*., What American is not proud^ of the result? present Legislature should do in view of the dan- as legislators. They have sworn to support theCon-Gladden & Seixas, to be signed by those South Caro- Jieuee they, and others with different purposes, inians who were not present at the meeting.be a majority of four against him. This, after the Whether those laws should be continued is another gers that threaten us, and the wrongs that have been stitution of the United States. They did not como less of Bigler, Fitch and others, by the unfortunate question. But one thing is certain: no President. done us by several of our confederate States in the here to disrupt this Government. I am, therefore, f<* disEenfcions of the National Democratic Party in their Northern or Southern, has ever yet 'recommended Union, by the acts of their Legislatures nullifying the submitting all these questions to a Convention of thokave beea airing their zeal in an excess of Cn- Last eveng another meeting of the Southern Rights States. Mr. Lincoln cannot appoint an officer without their repeal. And, my. friends, efforts to get them re- Fugitive Slave Law, and in direct disregard of their people. Submit the question to the people, whether Aesociation was held, which was, if possible, more the consent of the Senate—be cannot .form a Cabinet pealed were met with but.little favor, North or South. constitutional obligations. What I shall say will not they would submit to Abolition rule or resist, and thatfhmuasm for a Southern Confederacy. That is largely attended than the previous one. Tho meeting without the same consent. ^ Ho will be in the condition These, then, were the true main grievances or be in the spirit of dictation. It will be simplv my own let the Legislature act upon that vote ? Such a COUTMtte inspiration of secession; it is the reason whywas addressed by Dr. Bard of Ouchita County, La.;of George III. (the embodiment of Toryism), who had grounds of complaint against the general system of judgment for what it is worth. It proceeds from a would be an insult to the people. They would haTe to to ask the Whigs to appoint his Ministers, and was onr Government and its workings—I mean the admin- strong conviction that according to it our rights, inter- eat their platform, ignore their past history, blot bri compelledtoreceiveaCabinetuttedyopposedtohis istrationoftheFederalGovernment. Astotheacts ebt8,andhonor—ourpresentsafetyandfuturesecurity, theirrecords,andtakestepsbackward,iftneyehooWMr.Toombsnominatedhimselfasa "candidate JudgeColton,J.J.Michel,P.W.AdamsofMiss.,••for the White House of Georgia," and why and others. Arrangements were made to invite ex- views; and so Mr. Lincoln will be compelled to ask of of tho Federal States, I shall speak presently, but can be maintained without yet looking to the last re- do this. I have never eaten my record or words, *c4.the Senate to choose for him a Cabinet, if the Democ- theeethree wCre the main ones used against the com- Fort, the " ultima ratio regum." That should not be never will.-ethers have sought notoriety, expecting honors Gov. Mouton to address the Minute-Men and all South- racy of that body choose to put him on such terms. mon head. Now suppose it to be admitted that all of looked to until all else fails. That may come. On But how will it be under. *ad profits in the new political El Dorado. ern Rights Associations on a future occasion. The He will be compelled to do this or let the Government these are evils in the system, do they overbalance and this point Lam hopeful, but, not sanguine.. But let us i«bould vote to repist, and the Legislature should rea* When Mr. Calhoun failed to attain the Presi- greatest enthusiasm prevailed, and at every sentiment stop, if the National Democratic men—for that is their outweigh the advantages and great good# which this une every patriotic effort to prevent it while there is tenable with this vote as their instructions? Can anyi e n e y a n d b r o k e w i t h G e n . J a c k s o n , h e c o n - cocted the scheme of nullification, and pursuedfavoring separation from the Union, the cheers and .name at the North—the'conservative men in, the Sen- a t e , s h o u l d BO d e t e r m i n e . T h e n , h o w c a n ' M r . L i n c o l n yells were astounding. Dr. Bard commenced by say- •obtain a'Cabinet which would aid him, or allow himsame Government afloais in a thousand innumerable ground for hope.w a y s t h a t c i r u i a t e d ? H a v e w e n o t a t t h e I f a n y v i e w t h a t I m a y p r e s e n t , i n y o u r j u d g m e n t , h,man tell what «>rt of resistance will be meant ? Oo«m a n w o u l d s a y s e c e d e ; a n o t h e r p a s s r e t a l i a t o r y m e a *ures; these are measures of resistance against wrongfee ignis fatvus of a Southern Government to ing that the time had come whonall.true Southern men to violate the Constitution 1South, as wefv $ P 9 B ^ ; grown, great, prosperous, be inconsistent with the best interests of Georgia, I and happy, nnuTrtKsopWation ? Has any part of the ask you, as patriots, not to regard it. After hearing—legitimate and right—and there would be a^ manf .renceLie. ;Ti eWhy then, I.say, should we disrupt the ties of thisU n i o n w h e n h i s b a n d s a r e t i e d ; w h e n , h e c a n d o n o t h -ing against us ? I have heard it mooted that no man tional power and greatness, as the Southern Statesa r e cheered by the same ambition. And if that of them were not born on Southern soil. He said that could hold office under Mr. Lincoln. But, I ask, who all its defectB?- . „ the Legislature present.. There are, as I have said,should speak out, and that those who would wait for l a s t d a y s o f h i s l i f e . T h e c o n s p i r a t o r s w h o s o m e n e w a c t o f a g g r e s s i o n f r o m t h e N o r t h , h a d n o tnow trying to put on his cast-off garmentsworld ever shown such rapid progress in the develop- m e n t o f w e a l t h , a n d a l l t h e m a t e r i a l r e s o u r c e s o f n a -,Sute»^o tie ^«-consummation could be achieved without involv- Jag serious perils, the experiment would be well •Worth trying, in order that the world might see,m all their naked deformity, the struggles and jRvabies of those who sought in disunion nothing fcat the gratification of their own pride, prefer-wenfc, and vanity. South Carolina would not•remain two years in such a Confederacy, and . aae would secede from the Cotton States, as she w>w proposes to secede from the North, when- ever they refused to recognize the complacent jaretensiona to • superiority which I her leadershave alway8 assumed.Whenever the point of. real danger shall come, Ike Southern States themselves will find a mode «fextricationfortherebellious member,which, Jer tiie third time in a quarter of a century, has revolted against the Constitution and threatened defiance of the laws. The true policy for the Worth to pursue at this time, is to let her se- Terery alone. Keitt dc Co. would die out in a week, bat for the notoriety they gain in the Aewspapers, by these contrived paroxysms, in which they threaten. to stop the course of the planets and to tilt over the earth off its axis. I>et them rant, and fume, and fret to their hearts'content. We,whohaveseenthemdoso before, are not in the least disturbed, and sleepsprite as well as Mr. Webster did after Gen. JBCayne had discharged his battery, and knocked lam, as he and *B Carolina •apposed, into flinders. Since Keitt has been left eat of Congress, he thinks the Government ought to he torn asunderlrom "turret to foundation,*' and believes him- -eelf the ordained Samson who is to pull down fte pillars of the CapitoL Other excited patriots jbave thought so before, and yet two additional wings have been built, and a magnificent domei s lifting i k i d ^ spire over the mighty pile, cverioolfi^ (pfe fery shrine where £he bones of Washington Wst, and where pilgrims £DTages to come will seek refreshment and consola&on, with . ike flag of the Union still proudly floating over their heads, and with superadded stars to in-4area$e tae brilliancy of its glorious field. EXCITED PEELING «NT LOUISIANA.yCBWyoodwKS of Tb-i V. Y. Tribune.Mr. Lincoln was a talented, shrewd, calculating, appoints to office 1 Not the President alone;. the Sen- Mr. TOOMBS—In spite of it. great dangers ahead. Great dangers may come from ate has to concur. No man can be appointed without Mr. STEPHENS—My honorable friend says we have, the election I have spoken of. & the policy of Mr. fanatical lawyer, and. that he was chosen by the Black the consent of the Senate. Should any man then re- in spite of the General Government, that without it / Lincoln and his Republican; associates shall be carriedRepublican party because he v?a$ fanatical, and had fuse to hold office that was given to him by a Demo- suppese he thinks he might have done as well or per- out, or. attempted to be carried out, no man in Georgia learned that difficult task of holding his tongue. That cratic Senate ? IMr; Toombs interrupted, and said if haps better than we have done this in spite of it. That will be more willing or ready than myself to defendly j?evert c. l i e ^tz«.^tr, in ere* tii tipoi. the tela oi v xr.ottov.1'our Su»Vp r e m i s e s a c c o r d i n g t o y o u r o w n c o n v i c t i o n o f d u t y a s true Southern blood in.their veins, and that two-thirds in the State of Georgia, who is true to her interests, have under the General Government, notwithstanding patriots.i;; I speak now particularly to tho members oft t t i i i i d s y m j a K jreasons he was to be more feared than if Soward had Georgia required it, to hold an office under which a Stone Mountain to which the gentleman alluded in il-been elected to the Presidential chair. If, said he, hell Breckinridge Senate bad given him, even though Mr. lustrating heme facts in his record—this great fact of the General Government against the extension of ourl l eeubttaxi n*seiavates«MXf>-ioi Stutesfcctjiiai. ilIfctULCfcld Of f»^plvo^o^in their Sonovtojmi.et\iBeie^Sa ta*;g» ocrii»frto Lite -Will i-Ceringi ot ci uevotioL to C<mC, hiiugint;coui.«yscaate, ioinuH'ioi-'^'Tflitnot t « ^ of t is e*?,***Judd«. **i~ent Ol, |naj«*ty."had taken an emetic, jt could not have vomited forth worse characters than, Seward, Horace Greeley, andLincoln should be President. [Prolonged applause, our unrivaled prosperity in the Umon as it is admitted institutions. Our position on this point is and oughtmingled with interruptions.] —whether all this is in spite of the Government— I trust) my countrymen, you will be"still and silent. whether we of the South would have been better offswerd in hand by individuals without the authority « haw.Wendell Phillips, and if. there are any persons in.this I am addressing your good sense. I am giving you my without the Government—is, to tay the least, problem-room who are writing for Northern papers, let them views in a calm and dispassionate manner, and"if any atical. On the one side we can only put the fact Congress should exercise its power against this, then I God. lives, I will take it myself."put that in their pipe and smoke it. He urged to some of you differ with me, you can on any other occasion against speculation and coniecture on the other. But am for standing where Georgia planted herself in Mr. TOOMBS—I will. [Applause on the other s:J<-{give your views as I am doing now, and let reason and even as a question of speculation I differ with my dis- length the necessity of immediate separation, and said true patriotism decide between us; In my judgment, tinguished friend.1850. Theee were plain propositions which were then Mr. STEPHENS—I have no doubt that my houoraoh laid down in her celebrated Platform as sufficient for friend feels as he says. It is only bis excessive ank< the disruption of the Union if the occasion should ever that makes him use" such an expression; but this yriS come; on these Georgia has declared that she will go page off with the excitement of the hour. When ti< out of the Union; and for these she would be justifiedthat, a8 sure as there is a God in Heaven, if Louisiana I say, under such circumstances, there would be nodid not secede, he would move to the gallant little State possible disgrace for a Southern man to hold office. No man will be suffered to be appointed^ I have noWhat we would have lost in border wars without the Union, or what we have gained simply by the peacepeople in their majesty shall speak, I have no doaM that he will bow to their will, whatever it may t«j upon the " sober second thought." [Applause.]Should Georgia determine to go out of the Union, 1ofSouthCarolma. Hisspeechwasreceivedwiththe doubt,whoisnottruetotheConstitution,ifSouthern ithassecured,noestimatecanbemadeof. Ourfor-greatest applause.The other speakers discoursed in a still more fierystrain. Mr. Adams of Mississippi, said that when the time should come he would leave everything,.'put on hisknappack,shoulderhismusket,andifneedsbe, shed his blood on the soil of his native State in defense of the constitutional rights of the South. The President said that due notice, through the papers, would be given of a large mass meeting to be addressed by ex- Gov. Mouton and others. The meeting then adjourned with loud cheers for South Carolina, and several hun- dredmorenameswereaddedtotherollofthoAssocia- tion.Yesterday morning, a duel was fought with swords out at the Qaks, the favorite place for settling affairs of that kind, between a Frenchman of the name of Lasalle and an Orleanian, Oscar Blasco. Mr. Blasco was dan- gerously wounded in the right breast, near the nipple. Mr/B. has figured somewhat conspicuously in affairs of honor. I will close my letter by relating a little cir- cumstance that happened to come under my notice.About twenty young gentlemen of this city, wishing to display their Southern spirit, determined to wear no cloth but what was manufactured in a Southern State; so they bought some pieces of Kentucky jeans, had it made up into suits, but. too late they discovered that the Kentucky jeans had been made in Massachusetts.SOUTHERN OFFICEHOLDERS. •'•It appears by the following that a number of theSenators are true to their trusts, as I cannot permit myself to doubt that they will be.eign trade, which is the foundation of all our prosper- ity, has the protection of the Navy, which drove the filiates from the waters near our coast, where they hadnow, if Mr. * have told you t h a t l do not think his bare election sufficient cause;-clerks and others in office at Washington have deter# justice! Yon may Helect tho widest and best men forTheir development is the result of the enterprise ofonr people under operations of the Government *and insti- tutions under wiiich we have, lived. Even our people without these never would have done it. The organ- ization of society has much to do with the development of the natural resources of any country or any land. The Institutions of a people, political and moral, areand it is in disregard of their constitutional obliga-tions that they have passed, laws which even tend tohinder or obstruct the fulfillment of that obligation,theyv havfet vfaintitA their plighted faith; what ought violatedwe to do in view of this 7 ^That is the question.No, there is no failure of this Government yet, ** have made great advancement under the Constitution and 1 cannot but hope that we shall advance hig^» still. Let us be true t o our cause. > . ,Now, when this Convention assembles; if it shaljwcalled, as I hope it may, I would say in my judgm^mined to resign—as soon as their present term of office- expires:your legislators, and yet how many defects are appar- ent in your laws !•"r\.M ii in ~o in our Government.. But that this <; < rve n :u mi t. • if our fathers, with all2defects, comes 'nearer the obj* «tB of all good Govern-What isbe" Theundersigned,occupying officesunder tho Fedwould harticlewithout dictation, for I am conferring with you fr*»;era!GovernmentatWashington,deemthatItisdue mentathananyoth»ronth«'faceoftheearth,ismyto their Southern friends .to.say that under no cirenm- settled conviction. Contrast it now with any on the.•rtances will they consent to hold office under Abraham. face of the earth. ["England," said Mr. Toombs.]and frankly, and it is thus thaC I give my vie\«»>x u uNzw-OiaifAra, Nov. 16, I860. lies, and the news from South Carolina keeps addingfmmk lo the fire. The blae cockade is seen overy-John W.HOMIYot MiMouri•£. J. Hugglauof AlabwUA; Cb<u.in the streets, bar-rooms, and even in the R. JRxifM and Thom&M C. Br»oew«U of Georgia; Hn&« R. Ours sprung from that, avoiding many of its defects,istics of development and greatness. Look at Greece.There is the same fertile soil, the same blue sky, thesame inlets and harbors, the same Egeun, the sameOlympus; there is the same land where Homer sung,where Pericles spoke; it is iu nature the some oldples, have the right to commit acts of reprisal on these grounds of secession so far as the election of Mr. l^H; faithleea Governments, and seize upon theirproperty, coin is concerned, and I have no doubt they wouW*»J or that of their citizens wherever found. The States that the constitutional election of no man is a suiS***? of this Union ttand upon the same footing with for- •ause.to break up the Union, but that the State a»J"[33ie most intense excitement is felt here in all cir Lincoln. Stephens—England, my friend sav«. Well, that iBthenext bett, I grant; hut I think we Mve improved upon l«e, B«^J-S. Hovrurd J. B. KcoU, Edmund L. Ytit»», J. (A*1- England. Statesmen tried their apprentice hand ontaking moet of the good aud leaving out many of its Untitled Document•\ £BblodJe*, tWrm«. Ji. of<it/Yow«re«tf»i, H. C. Woxrthlinfglton, H. A. KJlnwmn^o,.Greece—but it ie living Greece no more. [Applause.] we are equally bound, before proceeding to violent»••»t.«a**>«»•<• *»*TI •s» •:fiaBasfc^^^Ks***^, r ^ .„ violent jBeajures, to set" forth **"" •*-* — K„?.^. .V.. ^*Mr. 8Txra*K8—No; 1 did not eny that.•:•'•The *My honorable friend who addressed you last night(Mr. Toombs), and to whom I listened, with the pro- >een buccaneering for centuries before, and mightthan.allIchabodiswritten-tbeir gloryhasdeparted. "Why |a this so 7 I answer,their institutions bavebeenbrine the matter to the attention of that cin**~<Astotheother n| "pUfA retaliatory me ancewiththeC<nM think they can berioweui uuv ~- o_ enjoy Uoveromem>, wc M/<*V**~ .».r—development sprung, and when once the institutions of be the course toward a foreign Government; <md to. tion. To the Coinwhen not a single bale of cotton will be shipped to' a to e m U of matters of the deepe<0 .interest tnat canrzjfl .othinp—no question or - ubject connected with nV is a surfeit of liberty, an exuberance of the priceless rower that can bring back the Promethean spark to mend the same course. . r.#Northern,r ort. It is firmly believed, even by the con- pofsib ty concern us all of an earthly character. There Arplauee.] I think that one of the evils that beset a people have been destroyed, there ia no earthly wards a member of this Confederacy I would recon*. ter ought to be refJMEETINQS.^jto jgovtfeero Pre*s oi* tfce Crisis. the action and follow her example. On Saturday, are now, indeed, 8urrouv'de4 by evils. Never since I ernment.tm New'-England, I aVrirginjg about a pi lliredidGen..I)*. E e cid'not reconm vitb France, and £c*»tion. and it v, jnoc<-y which she xepi ihi.ls. It WH?> tluk, Uxerefore,th extreme mea*me> make ptesentHrio!:. je6w;n/;and jud^n« apeaxen Should n<tv «cmnit rejiixala. C3*esora civilized v ^rfcat yi-ur grievanj to jgi\e us oiu* rilCOuitl>-j, lAould ol the tied'of tLL;.Ui"i lMy own oj,ir.)«. and they are inlet u the** S;ate« willlet the responfci: them. Another i ..Jdo: fieaffirm the ii|plark in if. L people sneak. Some think that the election I of Kr. oWi^i.:ion on U.*iservatives, that when fkmth Carolina actually with- B blet sings for which we arc ungrateful. We listeneddraws from the Union; Louisiana will instantly indorse ;.JR life—that concerns afr*"^ people so intimately ^ to wy honorable friend who addressed you last uigut kindle them here again, any more thau/in thatLet us, therefore, not act, hastily in thia matter. Ls» your CommitteeontheStateoftheRepublicmakeont- a bill of grievances; let it be sent by the Governor to thofe faithless States, and if reason and argument (•ball he tried in vain—all shall fail to ktdacc,pw;m to return to their Constitutional obligations, I wonld bafhatoftheGovei-nmentu".,derwhich they live.'.We (Mr.Tcombs)ashe recounted the evilsof thisGov- Nov. 10, a meeting was caBcd at Armory Hall, r ^ entered upon the public stage has the country been so rst was the fishing bounties, piud mostly to theenvironea ,with diflicv*i{.ie6 and dangers .that threatened Tjhe fii:the public peace ap.d the, very existence of society as saiuorscf xsew j^ngmuu. <J«» W4—fr ,..rbflieve. No one of them during the- whole, forfcy- cngtb and breadth of that most down-trodden land1Why have not the people of that Heaven-favored clime ciple or policy of them. It is not for me to say whether the spirit-that animated their fathers 7 Why this sadtlfiufe.]The tame may be said of Italy. Where is Rome, oncef" the n.iitrees of the world ?. There are the sameso hard to build up, and which have done so much forI was in to which my'.honorable friend contributed once out of the Union, to disrupt every tie that binds this course—not to wait to hear from theorc**-*.^and groceries. I say to you you have no jtowe? MIeet down to the zeal with which I advocate my own sentatives. I trust that he will yet see that he may been carried out at that time, we would have been the You must refer this question to the people, an•! yo* ' fa<e cl the.civilizedaction. It is ceru Convention at Charleston, who was not en- on their arrival." . of the United States? My countrymen,. J tell you The>next evil that my friend, complained of was the . I notice in the Controller-General's report that the legislature. We, the people, are the sovereign:, 11 tear this Goveruigrossed with the •partisanship which ruled The mere rumor of a man's having views favorable frankly, candidly and. earnestly* that J do not think Tariff. Well, let us look at that for a moment. About taxable property of Georgia is $670,000,000 and up- am one of them, and have a right to be heard and «B here lor that pui ixj fi>e factions so strongly, must have foreseen, to the Lincoln Administration is enough to stamp him that they ovphf. In my judgment, the election of no the time T commenced noticing public matters, this ward, an amount not far from double that it was in has any other citizen of the State. . You legish (>», 11 to be united ii ttamnn, constitutionally chosen to that high office, is question was agitating the. country almost as fearfully 1850. I think I may venture to say that for the last sreak it respectfully, are but our servant^ YJU awl purtue';the policy an I did, the inevitable explosion which as an Abolitionist. A man by the name of Wm. sufficient, cause for any State to separate from, the as the slave question now is. In 1832, when I was in ten years, the material wealth of the people of Georgia the sen-ante of the people and not-tlieir mahten, j efctcu.d.•ecurred there, if he had any knowledge of the •Strought was arrested yesterday, and arraigned before Union... It ought to stand by and aid still in main- college. South Carolina was ready to nullify or secede has been neaily if not quite doubled. The same may Power retides with the people in this country. • « • In tliJU way our Recorder Long. The accused was a stevedore, and taining the Constitution of' the country. To make a from the Union on this.account. And what have we be said of our advance in education, and everything The great difference between our country and«U •to act with us, antempers of the Southern delegations which se- point of resistance .to the Government—to withdraw eeen? The Tariff no longer distracts the public coun-' ceded, because they were not permitted to dic- had been residing in this city for several years past. from it because a man has been Constitutionally cils. Reason has. triumphed! The present tariff was tate terms of submission lo the majority of that He got talking politics in a public place to a crowd of elected—puts us in the wrong. .We are pledged to voted for by Massachusetts and South Carolina, Thethat marks our Civilization. Have we. any assurauce others-inch as France, and England and Ireland-*that here there is popular sovereignty, while thewS'at'ttt'oi Ncw-V( the otter."W ett'e;nj tuics to recede fica do iot: TLehv.it Jftw-Etghicd il HA Y.OICK is i\ •out.Wr. 'STrP'HEN.-—they ibote to fci:;.y that the<* Nortj.trj, in mwalactuief, \in the sentiments of Massachusetts from 1832 to 1857,comes before the people be put to them in the languagethink, in the face of such an exhibition, if we canwithout the loss of power, or any essential right or in- of my honorable friend who addressed you last night,Will you submit to Abolition rule or resist ?;Mr. TOOMBS—I do not wish the people to be cheatei Mr. STEPHENS—Now, my friends, how are we goingbut if hiB policy should be carried out iii violation of speak for one, though my views might not agree \ti& foundest attention, asks if we would Bubmit to Black have been still had it not been for the American Navy any of the principles set forth in the Georgia Platform,- them, whatever the result may be, I shall bow to drtnever consent myself, as much as I admire this Union for the glories of the past, or. the blessings of the pres- ent, as much as it has done for the people of all thesewould have been under other circumstances. The in- fluence of the Government on us is like that of the at- mosphere around UB. Its benefits are so silent and un- seen that they are seldom thought of or appreciated.a free people is civil war. ^ f 1ler tjmii-tt >a i;nail«iit»rivn'? JJo, ti ai.k G»<i, eo i- to le re*< tjio ohtujg »u i»vvvto »uo JICJttcot.ic^^<* « foiWiai.ee »« ©uot.ndi.oyv d. ctltbtt.t«ioat «•» jior tua-tmittt.^ foiiHittlO forevfor tCC IMOUle'ticuvlthes^ f o i W t i c u r 0 °. emta-ionj o u r h<afe til f : T tiivt.nov, t» Vraveof Kort». ©i faitwvll vvt *udforCoiiHJ Ktuieml^rltill \ ou, tlcM •i^e, ' I W"^iueretCfoietj• ' B t ^ * ^ ot iJljsOkJoaluYOK«*«»v«ib*« TotbeKgiu. EouLem iuve ^ it|. Utfder t > i > k e i * a i * to the ie«»*X.tWtl 04 SOfonaaerce, ai**:States, as much as it has done for civilization, as much :.;. We seldom think of the single element of oxygen in gia Platform, and .upon every plank, and »ay if those pressed, the whole State will present one unanas the hopes of the world hang upon it, I would never aggressions therein provided for; take place, I say to voice in favor of whatever may be demanded j &t* submit to^aggrecsion upon my rights to maintain it the air we breathe, and yet let this simple unseen and you, and to the people of Georgia, keep your powderlonger;andiftheycannotbemaintainedintheUnion,- unfeltagentbewithdrawn,thislife-givingelement-be dry,andletyourassailantsthenhavelead,ifneedbe. believeinthepowerofthepeopletogoverntbsa standing on the Georgia platform, where I have stood taken away from this all-pervading fluid around us, and [Applause.] I would wait for an act of aggression. selves when wisdom prevails and passion is silent.from the time of its adoption,'! would bein favor ef disrupting every tie which binds the States together.what instant and appalling changes would take place in all organic creation IThis is my position. . #^Lcok at what has already been done by them W their advancement in all-that ennobles man. Tbon is nothing like it in the history of the world. Loo! abroad from one extent of the country to the otherIt may be that we are all that we are in <"spite ofof Georgia in this Union, or I will look for new safe- the General Government," but ii may that without it speak. That is the course which this State should pur- contemplate of our greatness. We are now amonguvI will have equality for Georgia and for the citizensguards elsewhere. This is my position. The old ques- we should have been far different from what wo are sue toward these Northern States, which by their legis- first nations of the earth. Shall it be said, then, tha - tion now is, can they be secured in the Union ? That now. It is true there is no equal part of the earth lative acts have attempted to.nullify theFugitive Slave our institutions, founded upon principles of self-gov- is what I am counseling with yon about to-nyjht. Can with natural resources superior perhaps to ours. That law. I know that in some of these States their acts ernment, are a failure Tit be secured ? In my judgment it may be, but it may portion of. the country known as the Southern States, pretend to be based upon the principles set forth in thenot be; but let us do all wo can, so that, in tho future, stretching from the • Chesapeake to the Rio Grande, case ofTrigg against Pennsylvania; that decision did Thus far it is a noble example, worthy of imitation-if the worst come, it may never be said we'were neg- ligent in doing our duty to.the last.My countrymen, I am not of those who believe this Union has been a curse up to this time. True men, men of integrity, entertain different views from mo on this subject, I do not question their right to do so; I would not impugn their motives in so doing; nor will I undertake to say that this Government of our fathers is perfect. There is nothing perfect Hnthis world of a human origin—nothing coniieetedwith human nature, from man himself to any of his works.. You may se- lect the wisest and best men for your Jndges, and yet how many defects are there in the a^muistration ofis fully equal to the picture drawn by the honorable proclaim the doctrine that the State officers are not The gentleman, Mr. Cobb, the other night sakl it. h«*and eloquent Senator last night, in all nataral oapuci- bound to carry out the provisions of a law of Congress proven a failure. , A failure in what ? In gro** Ties; But how many ages and centuries passed before r—that*the Federal Government cannot impose' duties Look at our expanse in national power. Look atthese capacities were developed to reach this advanced upon State oificinkj—that they muet execute their own population and.increase in all that makes ape . Btagc of civilization ? There these same hills, rich in laws by their own officers. And this may be true. • But great. A failure ? Why we are the admiration'J ore, same rivers, siune valleys and plains, are as they still it is the duty of the States todeliver fugitive slaves, the civilised world, and present the brightest hop*« have been since they came from the hand of; the as well aa the duty of the General Government to see mankind.Creator, uneducated and uncivilized- man roamed over that it is done. ' Some of our public men have failed ia their aspii*them for how long no history informs us. It was only Northern States, on entering into the Federal com tions; tbat is true, and from that comes a great port* under our institutions that they could be developed:. pact, pledged themselves to surrender such fugitives; our troubles. [Piol nged applause.] " •the Government of England, and then'^urs was made.wait until he at least does some unconstitutional ^^ Mr. TOOMBS—Commit some overt act.me and others whom you have advised with, act in thedifferent ideas as there are members on this floor. B«rt i s t a u c e d o n ' t m e a n s e c e s s i o n — t h a t i n n o p r o p e r *ewaof the term is resistance. Believing that the fanes «•quire action, I am for presenting the qneBtion fairly Wthe people, for calling together an untrammelod Con-vention, and presenting all the questions to'thotfwhether they will go out of the Umon, orwhatconn*of reiistance in tbe Union they may think best, «wthen let the Legislature act, when, toe people in ti"tfmajefty are heard, and I tell vou now, whatevertbtVConvention does, I hope and trust our people yfjfsbide by. I advise the calling of a Convention wH4the earneBt desire to preserve the peace and harraoajof the State. I should dislike above, all tilings to artViolent measures adopted or a disposition to take tS«» toloie i C«-ti aii «*"r- -weshouldtakethelastresortofnations. ThatwoS[ liewiselorthisLeto be, at all hazardsj for perfect equality between allthe States and the citizens of all the States in the Terri-tories, under the Constitution of the United States.' If give me the sword, for if you do not give it to me,Hcide great questions affecting fundamental laws exceptthat Ihey-would r tLib wotld Ns my 1 2didok ai.u Weo'*' ieabt La\e an uuq rj'rt^ive, for m;-m:will exhaust eve equiuiiy in it.' M; llitt, the maiut eqiitliry, tbe stemin the .Union; tut Union, ihtu I urn: out ci if. >iext. the land of my t u common count -y. the lepcitclt; wl v l i i h l never «;.d. tvlile.c^uijtry, J»CI HxiA tLeeii-.-1 tisioij, oi Ltr prd fcei meuo, wbku J Trttei-f time by Alex.eraiion. lxs\ ScuiLetnStatewni Hei i oeiaon now sre^t to Uits Southfcttu a«;OTt<d by ^tat'Jtf. Now 1 v* ihi.t ilatioim, wLi»;b>Lvvvn to be II tJl t! is -hi, tion ci ko-ovs ingtl^t j.uiiutitu. coihii. Stephens co t o , v. Livh ai e o gixal fcllhiufce.inIKArCUttA" GufSaturday «i»i jmu Meeting :.'*txe< eion j cle in that cthe obtusion, ai.d Utn^tiefollowin llLI-OVf-ClTlZBei.Ci.th ti.U i:oC 1oi.iclifcion's l-ki pfcUiviit tLout u cmui*- of won-' u t i i f C t V J i v u ; m ir.eito."lhe SoutMy honorable friend said hist night, '"'j ask yon WK. ituiceton, carried out in repealing -or modifying the Fugitive mate course of aUL The greatest curse that can befc^ . T t i e o i uer >clSlave law, HOas to weaken its efficacy, Georgia has de-clared that she will, in the last resort,' disrupt the tiesof the Union, and I say so too. I stand upon the Geor- will of a majority of the people has thus beenNow, upon another point, and that the most difficult, .and deserving your most serious consideration, I willits the matrix in which the germ of their organic structurequickensintolife—takesroot,anddevelopesinform,nature, and character. Our institutions constitute thebasis, the matrix from which spring all our character- and in case it be not doue, we would, by these princi- which distract the public mind; should view &BV*wuuvv, o6n.wuv»iv,ouu1UVUUV SCO lUQ.h It HUOUlO.be otherwise with respect to the States,of this Union, should take into consideration all those q « ^eign nationw iu this respect. But by the law of nations nationsBut, as I said, let us call a Convention of the pexo>ppletejL let all these matters be submitted to it, and wheir--ard. v.ilh the \^rijpeal to the god otapph»ute.] Bht ;eponicn of our r<^»the South, thut .t , LcnoroUcmii.trrc I Lave teen none frrimmwar grievances belore the of-^ -,^'--,.> ..•..,<K\ wmm rnniiiiiTilifnMi>mw%•.'••']'.".-• ••^-^^•',.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York: •^^••':' 13069www.fultonhistory.commmm^M• 