^'^m.t kA to the.--or.' .i' .edafinereput«UoaforthenaUon«lpo«heiw»tilll9ffeat«ftke«J^N|^y|B«i ^1!lpt^Prajertr-?***"LiviBFOoi., Wednesday, Oct. 10.' ThesalesofCottononMondayandTuesday heranchor.J1.L- 1*J'WJ w "! RIOPE. UTBIESTMOFB0nWEROSAI-•"f.||H 'I »^^IPR"^ J J.LPi!i«ful "ir-w" *" «» iL^iwiw^iiiijpppwppipisipp In ym-jMi mm^ ^sk^nt^im^iiHHim S«TM*"'»^ «wSAt WgljAYSLAmFiOM^9no Great'BrttaiBi- m aad Haawa -^.!'?^k"''"»•»«J>tm^ioiBOWIOWSto vv„- . %*f—PnsMCfs*moat disastrous gale that occurred at Buenos Ayna, on the 29th and 30tb of AugustThe British barks Crutader ani Rectprontf eaaala contact,andsunkeachotherIntheouterroads. The TheEllawanhSOLE J.'H.BBUNDAH BURLIN6-8LIP.flooded—in short, a really great On the 6th inst, a band of Indians crossed the river present storm."catastrophewas appropriation $15,000.cattle and made their escape.Philadelphia is not remarkably dull, owing to the variety of things to be done for the corvettes Rosa, of Lima. The loss of the gas is specially de- Jamestottm and Saratoga. There are about 400 men employed in the Yard, and the disbursements for labor do not exceed The St.within 12 miles of Santa Fc, going in the direction of Galhsto. TheGovernorandCol.FAONTLxaoTareat loggerheads in regard to the tearing down of an old adobe building.No news from the Plains of special interest.The storm occurred oo the day of a festival of SantaAre a solnble preparation ot inn and Identicalwiththatexistinginthebloodofaper- eotly bealtby person. Uniting viththa digerted toad,A ^lig^t.V of emigrants arrived from XHah Saturdaycoramis-ion, and will leave for Ncw-Yock in a few days. The Sujitee is on the stocks. $10,000 was con- sidered a sufficient sum for Portsmoatii. The sloops Macedonian sj\d i/^arj-^n, recently relumed from sea, arc in the river.Flara TenpleFURTHER PARTICULARS OF THE STORM.CaptureWhen 1 was in three Winters since,, -and6ear(eKI.Fatchen. RocaiSTia, Tuesday, Oct 'M.chusetts,toCbbihtiamaSxiHirxR,ofthisCity. CiiAMBERLAis—HcinKS.—In Brooklyn, Oct. 23, at St. John's Church, by Key. Thomas T. Guion. D. D., Jaues L. Cmaub£elain, of Alexandria, Va., to Helen Amelia. UROPEAK VESSELS DESTROYED — MILLIOKB the Pcnjffco/a and GrrmanroUTi aflord \%Oik for a fair yovinj'cst dantthter of the late Samuel L. Holmes, ofBate.ITcw'Ttrk. ivar Se Umkm^•'. /.''•.- ...inAIRSDfTHSPIPUSTATESCICHASaED. Captataandmateoftbe:er«»»i/Twere lost , _aadltaNowCorrtifondmce of tBhBelldlag-Polltlee at Callese.ffev-York Time,.CoLuei, Monday, Oct. 22, I860.Mother YaleEllsworth estate, which has been so-nam, rjaa^^t^ PAIH!S*. Joan, N. F., TuMdar. Oct 23. The Kail ttMnuhlp City of Wathington, which left Urerpool Wednesday, the lOth, vii Queenstomi llth, paaaed Cape Race at 7 o'ckxk this evening, and «ullitereeptedby:^news yachtof tlie AssociatedntedateBbytbeCi^Q^ Wtukingtm are four dajrs laMrlMayerilraMa.The British barks Margartt laden, and British brighas at last got her share of the long in the Courts. By a general compromise between all the heirs, theTOrNG OIEN>» CHBUWIlll^ ASSOCIATION.Tke tUid Lectue TJOHN S. wiUbedsUrerrtTHUISDAT EVESms, Oct at thePlymouth Church, Birocl^lya, ooauMaeUk att'erdoek. TickeUwillbe forsaieat 8wayne's,ln Folton-«t.r»adalsoatNos. 182 and 181 Washington-it.. Brooklyn.Female Sopporteri, Shoulder Braces, Improved suspen-sory Bandages, and instmsients for physical defoimitles. HHHH HHHH Setting forth all the strong and weakHH HHWllleaz & Glbba' SewlnrMaeMae HH HH points of character and dispoaitkiir,disa^sted bybrig .4(^ra<, at Palermo, but.watgot off; the brig Alma,the Hamburg bark Pietiola, and a Buenbs Ayres brig. The Dutch brig rSaip and the £ra«<( Oeor^c were ashore about one mile north of the gas works, nearly up to the railroad track. The Daiilsh brig MtUa, the Sardinian brig San Anbmio, were ashore at Palermo, and the Danish brig Cimconlia was ashoreUunuamd taken priionen. The forces of GAaniun near St Isadora. The French ships A'li and Smgalh»t from 1,200 to 2,000 men. No movements have taken place since the balUe, up to the latest advices.ne ,';Iteaaiabip /are, from New-Vork, arrived atCutrthe well-known house of MARSH & CO.. No. 2 Yeser-ft.. Mew-Yoik, devotes special attestion to (beV.Terpool on the It);;. OatalUi'ofthebatt'eofVjltunwhavebeenreceived, (Lnbec):have beenadaptation of bis Radical Cure Tmss to all casessofrgloal rap-ture, however complicated. A visit to their establlsb- meut irill satisfy patlenta or their phyilcius that he Is prepared to treat all cases regoirlDK mechanical sargo-nwaa•BoatprotractedanH bloodyrtroggle, NeapoUtaa aimyaltogether.but the was finaUy driven back in great dla- oiderto the Fortress of Capoa, with an estimated loaa'of over three thousand men killed, besides five^of.no* in Europe purchasing newwith akill and snceess.of afiiUrs in the Papal States remains witliout any change of moment.CaamerctKl luelUcenee rla LiiTorpaal. UVntFOOL GOTTOH KABKXT.shipping were, that the Dutch brig Snip, after parting her chains drove across the bows of the bark Dawn, injur- The bdg,) hooked ner t>est bower chain and parted it The Vo- lante lode out the gale with the ^mall bower, and es-all finished in the most convenient, and oven. e-x.raammilnunenedemrosirgentedh,anmissionardyiffereCnotnsktiandt^Aitnonoofifp.lse,wlnr- twenty sewlnjmachlne», and alter some six weeks' experienco with WILLCOX k GIBES' Patent, he has purchased one of them, as the brtt adapted to the wanu of his family, and as the Uast liable to require repair.HHHHHHH what to encourage, and what to rc- HH HH strain,The posiUcnHH HHHH HH HHHH HHHHEEEEEEEEEF.Eamounted to 22,000 bales. Including 7,300 bales to During the gale the water of the river rose so high svecoiators and exporters. The market on Tuesday that it was ttiree feet deep In the lower stories of the evening waa firm at extreme prices, closing with an new Custom-bouse, doing great damage to theinter- esting article on his specialty, The Library of Yale College." Williams College is very appropriately represented by a description of the " Physical Geo: graphy of Southern Greenland," by one of the stu- dents just returned from the Greenland expedition oftheir Natural History The number Society. openswith an elaborate article from a son of Dr. O. W. HoLHts, of Boston, w ho is one of the Harvard editors of the Platoidc Philosophy.F.E And bringing their moral and intel- Are theosly machines thst fuUvmeet all the wants of EE EE lectual powers into the ascendant,upward tendency.goods stored tn them. There were a great many valuable goods stored therein, such as fine hardware and German and French goods. Some of them werebility <br the loss.The sea washed away the north and south walls ofthe Gas-works, and inundated the whole of the in- terior, doing great damage to the works. In conse- quence of this, the city is without light at night.A new fort which was built north of the gas wo^s, was likewise destroyed by the sea. About two miles of the San Fernando Railroad track, which was ready for laying the rails, was completely effaced. The sta- tion-house, which had been recently commenced, was washed down, and tlie wreclts of two whale-boats were landed on the ^t^ All the lower buildings front- ing the river on the north side of the Demada were injured, some of them being completely washed down and others gutted. The fronts and insides were allfamilies an4i manufactorers They make lock-stitch EEEEF.EEEEEE feams alike on Iwtb sides, withoat a tidgethat can bethereby qualifying them for.SELECTLVG FBOPER PURSUITS,In which their abilitlft can be used to the best advantage, and tiielr de- fects most effectually overcome, thusManchester were favorable, withironed off—thesticfa that wilt not raveloffice No. 605 Broadway, New-York.The advices^th apwa*d Mgiiraicy for Cotton Goods and a slightadwne on Yams.tmae^oh BBE^DsnTm iubsbt.^ LiviarocL, Wednesday, Oct. 10. BreadstutTs g^erally had a downward tendency, and all qualities had slightly declined, except forCoiB, wbich la steady.LITXBFOOL PROTiaiOIT HAJIKIT.LivsxFooi, Wednesday, Oct, 10. The Provision market was generally dull.LONDON MONIT HABKIT.Loinioa, Tuesday, Oct. 9.(Consols closed on Tuesday at 03H for money, and 93H@nH for account,LATSSI.LiviBFooi, Wednesday, Oct. 10.The sales of Conoii to-day will reach from 15,000 to .20,000 bales. The market Is buoyant[Here the telegraph line ceased workine east of St Johna, M. B., (so the operators report.) We are con- sequently withoat oar fbll commercial and news re- port from Idverpool, as well as tl|jk-one<Iay-later re- port from Qneenstown.] .^*^-New* fraa New>]lbide*. lasamsaaci. Mo., Tuesday, Oct 23.The Kew-Hexican mail with dates to the 8th but, arrived this momlagr *The companies against flie Nav^joes had been goneabouttwoweeks. IntheirabsenceabandofIndiansoame within eight miles of Santa Fd and run off 33*mnlea, belonging to KLLsaaas fc AHsaaa. A company gale that has occurred in Buenos Ayres for a greatonlyC^BA A A AA A AA A AAA A AAAof thirty soldiers, under command of Capt. Gisss, went in pursuit but failed io overtake tliem; a com- pany of Mexicans and Puebias also went and recov- ered sixty of the mules. The balance are entirelylost, which will be a heavy loss on the owners. About impossible the same time the Tnriians succeeded in running fromthe Government herd at Albuquerque 100 beef cattle.They were followed, but the Indians killed all thethe ilitnhnoersoutgahiswanted. No. SM BROADWAY, New-York. ,sThe trot between Flora Temple and Patchcn took place this afternoon. Two thousand people were present Late rains had mnde the trunk hea\-r and there was a slight fall of rain just as the horses started. Patchn,wonthefirstheat,Florathesecond, tliird and fourth. __^___Rohbery an the Plains. BaowssTiLir, N. T., Monday, Oct. 2-.;.entirely fall on parties in Europe.While on the plains, Gioasi WiiBmoas was Not one American vessel weat on shore, nor did rubbed by Allsh B. Waebis, of $300 in gold—his one sink. Two, the Dawn and the Waltkam, were earnings for IB montlis' labor in Utah. Wabres is un- slightly damaged, but, as far as 1 have heard, noparttopher Grant Perry, of Newport,DIED.Dextsr.—In this City, on Monday morning, Oct, 22. of disease of the heart, after a short but painful iilDess. Anna J., widow of the late George H. Dexter, andAt Wa.ahingtun llie inacliinery ul the Pensacola second eldest daughter or .John and Margtvret Hunter.der arrest.others.Eighteen European vcs.<^els an'l one Buenos.\yTes are either laid up aixjvc ordinary high-water,or are sunken in the some of tliem harbor, havingGrit.Col. Saikibl Colt, Hartford, Conn.OoL. COAS. Mat, D. S.' A.Bit. JosasA Lravitt, Ed. /MfajMadoU, H. T. Rev. Eswars BsiaHT, Ed. Eramsiur, New-Yoifc. Rev. D. W. Crons, Agt., Am. Bible Union, N. T^ Riv. O. F. A. Spinkihg, Bnttemnti, H, Y.The lilndall Hotel.St. Loins, Tuesday, Oct. iJ.The friends of the family, and those of her brothers, Harry and John A., and also of her brotbers-ia-lsw, Geo K. Thoiupflon and Amoi C. Woodruff, are renpect- of fully invited to,attend herfuneral from the residence her father, in TOth-st., near the North River, on Wednas- day. Oct. 24. at 11 o'clock A.M. Bloomingdale staijos, from 32d-st and (ith-av., pasn within a block of the door.Sackett's Harbor and Marc Island adtiiing of interest mouths.is goias on. The friends and relatives of the family, the members ofThe Lindall Hotel ^^s been leased by the Le- cargo on board. Several lives were lost.of the MetropolMn Hotel, New-York, for IS yeaS- It is one of the largest hotels in the United States, accommodating 1,500 guests, and will be fitted with every appliance of the age.Bailer Ezplaslon in Nei^A>rIeans. Niv-OaLZAKS, Tuesday, Oct. J3.The loss of goods of various kinda on .'hore is also great. The gas works suffered largely in the brea'<i»ig in of walls. The whole Lower Town, called the Boca, was submerged, and much loose property float- ed off or T^^is otherwise damaged. Tiie doorways of the Custom-House were wasiied away and ttiousands of dollars worth of good.-- dashed from side to siae,the Wasldngton .-staiion would seem too liberal. The laborers al Pensacola nre mostly idle.uiq>lPrivate advices from Mexico have beeu received in this city, stating that the Liberal Army, under Gen. Ooasoi, had c^ptoiedthe city of Guadalajara,The CdKwha far New-Tark. »«w-0»iiAH8, Tuesday, Oct. 23.A peace, almost uninterrupted for eighty years,has made of tlie United States what the South Ameri-can Republics feebly desire to be, while they havehardly in a century had a peace for as many montiis.But as there are indicalions now of a somcw.^at spectively, that would have pro\ti ir.structive ami settled state of things, all the world may rejoice ; tor profitable."New-York, vii Havana, onthe 25th instOUa Bteedam.Ciacnnaii, Tuesday, Oct 23.In Oliio, BBISKSSHOrr'B official majority for Supreme Judge Is 12,903.tions. There are in port to-day 129 foreign vessels, of GxxsLii and Mr. Lutlejous, 1 take very little inter- which 25 are English, 12 American, 14 French, 32 est, never having voted the Republican ticket, and Spanish. 11 Sardinian, 11 Dutch, 4 Brazilian, and the having no sympathy with the party. Still the above remainder from \^rious German-speaking nations of extract deserves to brand the author, as all that your Europe. The average tonnage of all the vessels m correspondent puts into Mr. Lirfttyjn.'i's mouth as port Is as follows: English average, 264 tons; Ameri- said at Oswego.that such a place Ip chiefly re- lulred for Spanish or West Indian families who mayoily,;boutFebiOHT ACCCMrLATl.VG.—TliC Hc'-rcit .-iuVrr- 'St Louis, ARMC'A lilNIMKNT-I.H-It further specifiesEvery ine.i.is oi tr,i:i»por- tation for freight from thi.- point is m.iue u-c of, andWilmMo._lose a member idurtnga transient residence ir. theBISRTAUXSTAUMf.'LiSiiF.—The momentthis baUamicnmmf^ WltmUMtsetara I Wnan'S be. Work*.irfglM»4 Cl^t tarn af ed>CMHMMlal«rtdeaeralIatelllce«rttwe we to possestion of. advices from Buenos kriVtt ••^fn^L^J** jTM«»nrer of BuenWTyres «rl.^miafiuchgoodstotheretailer. «, „TM^.. B7tb«KTiv|l Mtktoport of the ship iV<*<, ..Jr^'^J °k}^ comMTciai life ia Baf&a*, «OaMkfatad N0I8BLE88 SKWIXO KACBIKsa.lhe«hult TheDtffUit, fttm Montevideo for Buenos Ayres, about 'M^: mllM below th« Utter .A FULL SUPPLY QPARANTEED OUR CUST0MK8STM«lost her rudder, before going ashore.will was set aside perty given to theentirely, and the bulk of the pro- famUy, leaving $«0,0(X) to Yale, andForaiKi spoke theUnited Statest commerce of Rosarioplace.We are todebted to Capt LairoSTOir, of the P«i«ia»._. A iHii »wrUtrBY WILKIE COLLIHg, BY WHJCH COLUKiwere drowned, and part of the crews of each ves«l, eleven In number,Ertate-The Seleatittc Sebaalfc 00., NOS. XANITM»and Jmnt, Boxana, Cul- Jme Hudton, all went ashore. One of them struck on a wreck in the outer roads andYaiis*u*b^b"t.a'c'ti,al','j'o"'u•t.•hi,,"b"yk'^,J^.'THE 43aaBtmTHE OBOSBIDTHB CH088X» PAffl!"bark Betlkmen had been in contact with anotlier vessel, and iwas totally dismasted. She lost everything from her deck, such as hawsers, boats,The Britishand bulwarks.The Prussian brig Urania aad French ship StdOUOH.galleywereThe following vessels also went sihors—FrenchFrancoitcollision.were ashore up the coast.The only casualties among the Americantpoostsheession of their new build- College by Joeira E. SaxrfixLB, Esq., ,it a cost of $40,000. The rooms areing her bows and bowsprit, but net seriously. same biigtn passing the Vtlante, (AmericanJuly?., I860._OLIVER CRAVE.WILL AID YOUNG MENJnst starting in who are full of life,zeal, strength and courage, and yettmhurt After tlie subsided shecaped gale recoveredday, and seems to be a very good number.KE Wbeelcr dc Wllaaa IHaaaraeturiaa Caa- IE Epany'aSEWINGMACHINES.With n'mmers. Binders Corders and Markers,intended for export up the river, andSend for a circular. ,I. V. Silleck & Ca.> Camer af Faltan aadWilliam Bts., otTer for sale at retail a large assortment of' Fall and Winter Fumiafalnc Ooods, ooosistlng of Sebaatkse'r knit lambswool. silk, merino and cashmere Un-unfit for the Buenos Ayres market, were a total loss to the owners, as the Government has denied any responsi-The low btiildings south of the Cus- tom-house also suflisred very much. The whole of the town at the Boco had to be deserted, the families being taken away in boats and carts.Great damage has likewise been done at Barracas. Nearly all {he barracas were entered by water, and the hides and bales were much damaged.Naral IateUi(ence.CONDITION or A»FAIBS AT THP. NATY-YARDS.Matters at the different Navy.Yards, notwith- standing the number of vessels ordered for sea, are comparatively dulL This arises from the small ap-SSSS SSS3 ssss8SS»8 SSSSlarge and small, with full instructions bow to cultivate and direct every faculty and emotion.destroyed.Sold by all the druggists.SSPSS8SS SSSSplored, as it will be several dajrs, perhaps weeks, be- fore the gas-works can be repaired.probably $30,000 montlUy.Laicrencc frigate, flagship of the Brazil squadron in Harvey, Esq., both of New-York.The performances at the theatres were suspended on the days of the galo.D. WAaaai' and Mast Adgusta, daughter of Charles R.The lx)iler of the Chemical Works, corner of breaking catks and prems'.turely opealut boxes. Theour account of thethe Fif^b Company, National Guards, and the members invited to attend the funeral from her late residence, onfor intermentTurner.—In this City, after a long and severe Illness,which rhe bore with CThristian fortitade, Rebecca Stet- son, relict of WillUms Turner, formerly of Boston,Mass„ aped 69 years, 9 months and 13 days. ;The funerni will take place from the residence of her son-in-law. Willi.am B. Bordman, No. 112 McDougal-st.. notice of the time of which will appear in to-morrow's paper.Wallek.—In this City, on Monday, Oct. 23, EuzabethWallen. 102aKcd years.The tuceral will be attended from Dnane-st. M. E. Church, this day, at 3 o'clock.DoxOAN.—In this City, on Tuesday, Oct 23, Fredebioe Berne, son of Francis and Hester A. Duncan, aged 4 months and 16 days.The funeral will take place from the residence of the parents. No. M) ist-st, this afternoon, at 2 o'clock,CoPFiN,—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday.THREE-PLY AND INORAIH 0ARPETT3.Julia and Fulton atrerts, exploded to-day, demolish- ing a portion ofthe-wtUof the building and injuring two persons sever^f.B«sMv Weekly Bank Statement. BosTox, Tuesday, Oct 23.shore boat>, which are very numerous here on ac- count of the distance of the shipping from the shore, were every one either sunk or thrown on the shore, and mo>t of them hopelessly damaged.Tlie damage will require millions to cover it. For- tunately there never was a time of more vigorous and healthful acUvity» The country will soon recover its loss, and the Insurance Companies affected must be widely >;catter«d.The precautions of the Police to prevent robbery,and the increased force parading the streets on ac-count of the absence of the gas light are highly cred-itable to the foresight of our Police Department Asfar a-s 1 know not a single case of loss 'uy theft growof the Naval that almost with- Board, showingWednesday afternoon, 2tth lost.,Her remains will be taken to Cypress Hills CemeteryCapitalLoansand Discounts SpecieIhKfrim other Banks Due to other Banks DpnoBits SSS^onV. •.;.;..»37,731,700 64,213,000 5,195,700S'SSi'JSS''ISS'ISS 20,606,000r,9««,sfloIHt. lilttlejobn. New-Yoxx, Tuesday,..._^^_^_^^___ NoB-AnlTal af the Canadian.earedFatbxx Poist, Tuesday, Oct. 23—11 P. M. The weather is cold,' calm and clear. No signs oi the steamship Canadian, now due off this Point,yourcorrespondence dated Oswego and SvTacuse, :—with Liverpool dates of the llth, and Londonderry of ^-IllrS Airt) SHIPl'lNO MONZTAKY ASD COMMER-—E^CAPI OF AUEEICAK SHIPPING EIOUTBKKAt Norfolk, since the departure ol the Richmond,Bosr, Fihali WiAXHaMMWOBTH OS PEOPERTT LOST. C^rrtspondtnce qf the Niw-York Times,Bdikos .\TnES. S. A., Tuesday, Sept. 4, IfBO. The results of our recent storm are not yet fully known, but 1 send you some indicatious of its extent per Fararta. chiefly to assure American capitalists and insurance Companies thai the lussci, will ulmoi-tforce. The Merrimack steamer, line-of-battle-ships BriMiklyn.WiLUiTT—Clark.—lu Brooklyn, ou Th'.Trsdav. Oct 18,out of the disaster.,Oct. J. Corns, Esq., in the 7Jth year of his age.can, 409 Dutch, 202 ;"Spanish, 183 Brazilian, 241.;has not been done, 1 beg to say that the Church has the Buenos Ayres and San Fernando Railroad, hnd sage of any bill.—ndow lades are 52 rials;;;GENERAL INTELLIGENCE.community tOswe^o] who enjoys a higher character for personal integrity tlian Mr. Lixtdjjohn.' Every community of couxse erects aiid graduates its own standards of integrity, and there is no objection, so long as it does not attempt to thrust them on otherThe relatives and friends of the family are invitod to attend the funeral, from his hits residence, No. 306 ne- graw-Bt, South Brooklyn, en Thursday afternoon, at 3^ o'clock. His remains will bo interred In Greenwood, CetmetrerHyu,dson and We,stchester County, ,N. ,Y., also ^CalCIAL—NEW ENTIBPRISKg, AC. Crresjmitdince qf tke Xeu^York Times:BcENOS .\ir)txs, Monday, Sept. 3, IS40.The steamship Cahawba sails ftom this port for here is gathered the commerce of all commercial na- As regards the political differences between Mr.the 12th._af Guadalajara. Naw-OaisAKB, Tuesday, Oct 23.French, 342Sardinian, 248Mr. LiTTLZJOBK's character at home needs no in-Lobby that has been around .Ubauy the last six or seven Win- Allow me a little of your space for the purpose where. In the late gale all light vessels that could es- ters 15 one can be found that ever even approached of explaming the subject of the Receiving-Vault of caped>> the shelter of the river Tigre, a little river Mr. LiTTLuoBX, directly or inlirccUy, as to any pe-The ReeeWlBc.Taalt af 8b BteyheD'a Choreb.dorsement, and 1 doubt ifamong all theDELAWARE,KENTUCKY, AND MISSOUBI STATE LOTTERIES,To the mnoT oftht New-York Timet:The inconvenience of this port is known every-beingThe saladeras also suffered very much, as therewere great quantities of dried beef piled up in them. is building behind the marine barracks. The YoHda-Ua occupies a large gang, and so does the Wabatk, which is sUll in dock. The Roanoke, North Carolina,» ABeantlfklCampiexlaH ladealradbybBAll the salt in the barracas along the Rioclnielo weredestroyed.On the whole this has been the most destructiveBeUeTlng at enee any pain or eppreiUaa, and healinganyirritatioaorinBanunation.number of jrears. The wind during the was well galeto the eastward, which tiirew a very heavy sea on the city, and which was the cause of the damage.Mississippi The Colorado is in a state ofisinhands, readiness for"The Tribuna, of the Ist September,"It issea-going preparations;nearly her oldEnreka Sewlnf MacbiaeBi PrIeaSSO.WREKLY AMOUNTS received in MA- payment.CHINES RENTED if desired. Office 493 Broadway. Agents wanted in ever? city and towm.Tbe Stereaaeople Eospariai WHOLESALE "'andReteiiL E. ANTHONY, No. 6S1 Broadway. Cata-senton of 1logues receipt stamp. PHOTOORAFlilC MA-TkRIALS fbr amateurs and the trade.MARRIEO. Warees—HAavEV.—In this City, on Tuesday, Oct. 23,by Rev. W. Nye iiarvey, of Mllford, Conn., Thkodobesaysto state at present the extent of the loss. The shore is covered with the fragments of wrecks, and of houses bloiA-n down, the gas-housos destroyed, therailWayto SanFernandoimpassable,warehouses is the;ACTRORIZED BY THB LEGISLATVBE.The undersigned Commissioners, appointed by the St. Stephen's Church. In order then, to state whiU about 23 ndles above. That port is the terminus of cuniary gain that should result to him for the pas- eovemor of the Idtate of Delaware to superintend the drawings of the Delaware State Lottery, do certify tkattke following are the nambers drawn this day : DELAWARE LOTTERIES.Extra Class No. 606, Oct. 23, 1860.1.;, 63, 40, 27, 54, 36, 61, 59, 21, 58, 52, OJ. Class No. 506, Oct. 23, I860.U, Ti, 13, 4, 7, 37, 3, 76, 71, 28, 21, 72, 5.not asked to "reopen its for sim- when fhat road is completed, and it is already half In regard to the charj,'r H. G. makc^ against ^Ir. L. burial-vaults." theple reason that it tias no burlal-vauita to reopen, nor done, there must grow up there a town of some im- and focatus hi Chicago three Winters ago, there is •has it petitioned for the right of " interment" m or portance. ItwiU be the best place for loading and not oiie word of tni'Ji in the whole paragraph. Mr. around the Church. The Corporation Ordinance on unloading for all vessels less than about 400 tons. Limsjous having never bee.-. In the City of Chicago, interments, (page 478, chap. 49,) forbids burials in- During the month of August there arrived here 07 nor in the State of Iliiiiois, could not have been side the City limits, except in private va.j:t-. But W€ ,.ssei5, and there have departed 34. The charged wi',h any crime there, lit ha-- never been in-have not even asked to use a private vai.;'. for :n;e.-- rottionof the imports from the United Statjejsehaatvere dicted, nor was ever any rcqc isitiyii made on any Wltssss our bands, at Wilmington, Del., Oct 23. I860,jnent. Wehavesallcltedpermisjionwnly-.ctakecare bornep.KKl prIcesVI maypartteuiarizericaes,re^ed GoMvre.rnGoerxzolfsthtiscSotualtdefornic;. ha-e learnedtheseOE9RGEC.GORDON, JOSEPH SEAL, JAMES DUNCAN,of the remains of'a parishioner occaslo.tnliy whea .-.facts before publishing such a c:il^.Tiny, .lal 1 deem •1 h< -real compe'JUon for freight to the SUtes has this denial due Mr, L,, toth :is am.ii. cr.u :i friend.petition ing-Vault,";t.»rei.s ifje bought for that marketThere weres j^.ar. woolen pails, brooms, lard, lumber, bearing very c;t-'ly.eniuaerati\e prices.states expressly that the vault is a "Re'-4;\- >ir" lit ih.- rates down. This also is the season whenin and that It is to be used only teinprr,ir;.y.,^,. .,. c.,.*^,..„has not yet been decided whereto inter .'ir-..will bo EDDY * CO.,reme-animals last month, and lor 1.500 increase.^WOOD, i ngton, DeL, or•-lit.; :»o:^ui,ih-nore-.htnumberswillnotmuchI1-,0<«I ;.,.v. roiu' to U;e States this month. Of wool;•20,000 toWabashnationals la the sale of cotton— PXODQBWtreasurr I goo-'i of the tarifl^to anUclpiwfed i" ' •-fallen off gre« rihe opening rf BuenM Ayres'foMheTor^malSH0D8BH0LDJOnl^SFSo?r'.tl*?E°'i ^ ""? coimact of Novembi*, . the first six months of &b period the III-. ^rw«o g^iajlO (Spanish); tba exports wS» Jliw HWHIHI*!Aniy- forlatecopiesofLmTribtma,andforparUcularaofs •WaaWi)tethebaifjambamMevaiaibbarla uy atwuwWK.«.iipMUT.awaAT ALL TOOB, BTTHKThemated at half a mllUon,) except a few legacies, wouldhave come to Yale had the wUl been contested andallowed,butitsprovisionsweresocomplicatedandrestrictive that the College preferred to take only afifth of the sum,rjlng the matter into the Courts, where the willOustzad's place. Isphilosophical appar- atus for the CoUege. The CorporaUon appropriated *2,600 for this DUrpose, and'RicuAan S. Fii.u>w«s, Esq., of New-Haven, added »500 more. The Scien-ing,elegant manner, many of thorn being elaborately frescoed and ornamented. Tlie lecture-room will seat three hun- dred. Here the annual course of Agricultural lectureswill be held next Wmter.The Vnivtrtity Quarlerl)/ for October came out Satur-tific School are now inUtely presentedThe to _h»s BH HHCoUegc.whole estate, (esti-;D^pdt aad Halei UfUce No. iw Oreenwlck-st saleatNo.812Broadwaj,andbyalli;>rtiggists.hampered with no conditions, to cir- mightBadicalaCHerala.-Dr. 8. N. MAB8H, ofset asideLooms, who takes Prof:GiufAS, Esq., our Librarian, has an" exceedinglyEEEEE EE E EEcourse, are not known, though lie is supposed to go infor the"Vicar of Bray."Rrjaire. ye Hnfferem! RIac, ye Bed-rlddon Cripiples :—Dr. TOBIAS' VKNETUN LINIMENT can now fic procured. It is warranted a speedy core for cbroDlc rheumatism, colic, cramp, cats, pains of all kinda, or no pay. Do not suffer when yon can b« in- stantly relieved. Price 2S and 90 cents. D6pOt No. K Cortlandt-et., New-York.madeAt New-York, (the sum granted for which was $20,-Batekelar'a Hair Dye, WIca aad Taaaeea.— This celebrated establishment is removed to No. 16 Boad-where theto are properly understood and mada.'^propriationsby (ingresshardly anything doing except on ships.apnltcation of his Hato Dye—thebestextent BATCHBLOB'8WicsandTo«- peeshaveimprovementsoverall. ThisIstheonlyptooethere is launchlng-waysIts hal- haaltng000,1Thetouches, a sewer isarereceivingafew <ini»hinjPerry, Braniiywineijuo.and willFInlile dt I.yan Se^n^-lUachfaie Go.All machines warranted to give better satisftictton thananyotliersinmarket,ormoneyrofanded. AkoqIsvros Ssaan, It itonubeing sunk,and a smallshot-rack<•Ladlts. Use PHALON'8 Snow White Oriental Cream," TUs article is without a rival as a beaatUer of the skin and eomplaxion. Sold by all druggists and fanoy-gosda dttlenhitheUnitedSUtea. Frioe,lloen(iperh(3tla.nrM(. MrtncJaal Tube* mU tis Iumgt.mil ths iir-CMs ofand Potopiac are in statuWniaOuviTaxis rAxuan oneqnaled sootbing and healing syrap Ut oesgfasandallthroatdiseases.WuB Oun Ta> is Aprim, it micnetleor eonoentrated curatiTe powen rsnder it a noil speedy and efficientPAIN ANNIHILATOB.Olies Tarit nat stickf—doa not duoeltr.Fifty oents a bottle, at No. 4a Broadway, N«w^ York, and by all druggists.J.R. STAFFORD'S mOM AKD SCI^PHUK FOWD:At Boston thebe reported ready for further orders in a few weeks.in the up quarters,the "Virfrinia remain as they have been for years. is little other than ship work on at theThe Bostonsame state;the franklin takeswaitingconversion" process,and the Ohio andthe hand.'' of the Yard for a short lime recentiy. The sir.OOO given for work atNaval >lonuraent occujncdTIi« Fulton is the only vessel likely to jive them anythingChicago to me that their Governor (Bissell) had sent on u requisition to our Governoritfworasthe surrender of Mwrit.h.LtTHraudcaitN and pawrte-paeople.prominent Republican complainedifornia papers please copy. _Landox.-.tt Rhlnebeck. N, Y,, on Tuesday, Oct 23.after a lingering illnes, Habbiet C. Booaedus, widow of the late Eilwio R. l.andon. _^k .Welsh.-AtBengal,Bulloi'.tCouDty,Oa.,on T^-sday. Oct, II, of congestion of the b-.aiu.Misii P.,, daughter of Julia F.. and the late Alexander F. AV'elsh, olthis (Jity, on ber I2th birthday. on „, j j e .Btbon,—In Vevay, Switzerland, Wednesday, Sept, 36, after a short illness, Mrs, Isabella Btson, wife of Mr. John W. Byron, bf this City, in the 13d year of herHer remains will be brought to New-York for inter- ment. "OFFICIAb DRAWINGS, BY TELEGBAPH, OB THE IiECAIilZED I,OTTERIB8.WOOD, EDDY b CO., MANAOEBSof thener, and not complied been, might perhaps have been favored with a comparison of mc Oswego and CLicago standards of integrity re-dry do. 55 nals tiser, 01 Saturday, says:there is an insufficiency. Pro^lice is .i-.^umulat-City. I may add that there are several such receiv- (rscs f..i Eo-j.: l-i^std off ^,U00 arrobas been taken ing for the East, in spile of the uj.-i-.erous steamers dy is applied to a sore, n hrui.se, a wound, a burn, aing-vaults in the City, and that they are frequently for >'rai.f. ,icficd to their ut-au abrasion, a aecald, ia ailayi-d, thJeisliOcvHSastmimona.tionsprbaeignins to subside the painand the cure commences. Us healing properties are al-'.!!*: iron.:."' \^at83to88 yetat about 10 that are constanily plying, andwM-reused by the different undertakers. Furthermore, the rtnlsptr p'nir.U. -N ..tria skins are abundant at 15 most capacity.ri'.i Nme steumcrs aresa.ei.-.'skina haye chieflyor a Iracture.!.hiy make kidgloves,bodies »hich we are caUed upon to take charge of cents each, itaf ? ve»y low In the bank, col- sively in the Lake .Superior trade, and yet shippers most bcynnd belief. In rheumatism, and all piintul dis-do not exceed three or four each year; they are gen-inlunions are easily mmk'; and'mon'ey'is abundant^'1 no railroad 11have foiind themselves obliged to charter siil vessels to relieve themselves of the pressure. .K few dareeases of the muscles, glands, sinews and bones, it givesease, enablini; the sufTorer to sleep whenimmediatetightened coffins. You see that I have not offered to t'". r.^K'^i,,.';'''^''.'!. •^""'- ''- "''OS. which wUlim- since, the propeller that the dispatched. opiates have been triederaUy embalmed, and always placedanything Ukelywhich no one1 he resources ui tli.s''''"' -^-"--t-" P-tion ^CwSbe on her nexta.Liig wr,;-,. ,,,.,1 is toon to be eitena-to Interfere with the pub Ic health, mcn-eU m, rca.sc .he .,;. .,.• i-.y „< produce offered for ^M' we understand propcllor .Vonffo-ncri/ man-st. Price •a cents.donor violated any of the City ordinances,is more anxious on all occasions to respect ana obey."""'31 __^__^"^"'"rw'^'uMMlNGS, D. D.. Pastor of St, Stephen's Ch'.irch,HAM'S ONGrENT will force the mom'.ache or whis- PivuMeat Bmckaaan for the Ledger dara kers to grow on the smoothest face, as if by mapic, in a writ""" biws his hats from the ^tter GlliJ WUITK. few wet'ks, and won't stain or injure tts skin. Prioe $1, Sold by dealcn gcatciUy. B, C, SEAUAJC. Ko. iC?Twenty-eighth attest.ash, 876 bales of wool, 96 pactj-ses hor»e UaU 2;;!)»c-•rh is the truth, of cdursc ;no fiction, thai ho. il6 Broadway ia Uw E»P»ri»a «I nsJuou,K»eM»-6t,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069<="«/"")•Wabash lal.'rv was arrival here from Buffalo.''m vain.Depot No.Beek-sale. Jl^e'uniT^l^.a^^^!'""^c.miry are not so nearlyKAHD F(Sr~THK~BEAHDL,F,S.S.-GBA.Yours, rcspectf'ill;-,i .u. D.ClrcuUrs, cr ntainlng schemes for the mouth, oiailcd free of charge by sending tofor•t Twelve torthe private roomsgoing premises.Daaixi. C.INFoster—PaiMisa.—In this 1857-8-9; and the steamer mn-.r.ton, are the other City,:f 15,000 also forThit RinuLin isn PtnuFT fs> BLOsa,craftinthestream. Phliadeipliiagot the year's yard expenses.engagedc.\ciu-Untitled DocumentThereColuinbus, Nnv-York, (not lauachei,!.) Pauisylvania,Dealware, frigates Raritan'And Coiumhai are inordi-nary. The Norfolk yard has $6d,0U0 to dispose of in Oct 13, by Rev. Mr, Roberts, Mr. Monet Randbll. ofthe twelve months end^g next July, Harrington, N. J., to MIssLabelle FaANOAisE.younjrest Xi Portsmouth there is little Joinj, and little dauchterof Mr. Jonathan Randell, Sr., of Newtown, L..1. La Fabor—Peret.—At Newport, R. 1,. Oct. 15. by Rev. fiinds to do it with. The corvette Cumberland is in Wm. O'Reilly, V. G., Mr. Joan La Faegb, of New-York, to Mlas Maroaret M. Perkt, daughter of the late Christfollowingmanyotherwell-known prominentis the chief busines.sj going on. The removal of theTuOBP.—On Monday, Oct, 22, of congestion of the lun^s. Amelia Aluiba. beloved wife Samuel S. Thorp. Jr., atid to do, $10,000 were laid a^ide f«.<r this Yard. At daughter of the late Morris Peets, ased 26 yeai-s and 8^BK8T IK DSB FORFAJOLYBBWINO,iattaatadatrtaperMMate ahyaleal eaaa> nofneasmaabnylko-ttaetrainngghhei.iimUieastodlsatare*ogtfit WLeowektarphysical endowments at an eitr. mely adTanced an, wull admlrs the anom- aly, and wcold gladly lnh»rR hU*undeiMlw ^tSitT.••'«a«SslKi!?riSlJf feediiig aad purirrins the foaa- tall)yiofhe»Uh,merlu the respect aSdanpiiLe of ttworld a* a benefactor, and such Is Hrs. SfA. ALLKH, Who H«r''»''<««^S'Kj,^5,«»i}»}i,'ha^^d^^^wirti«l. andZTI.OBALSAMlmPREVENT TH E H AIR FROM FALLING OUT, ASS BtSTOKX TO IT TBICOLOR aNU GLOSS OF YOUTHand tbej eflect this by an alliance with the natural laws, •nd not in any Rpurlons or falliicioaH manner.AGKMTS,sriylk and Usie thread elasticAbo, a lafrugrevasrsiorotmment of •toekings veins.Yale has entered into the excitement of the politicalcampaign with great enthusiasm. We have a Yale dershirts andj^rawers. Half Hose. Ac. Also ahandMme AAA securing the best results of their AAAAAA efforts,AND GAINING HONOR AND HAP-PINESS.Democratic Club, and a YaleRepublican Club, too;selection of Curdlgaa Jackets and Travelinff Shirts of various colors.ParUcnlar attention given t4 SIdrts made to orderthe one of a hundred and the ether of all the rest oCthe College. Our enthusiasm, liowever, will not from measure.amount to very from torch-anything practical, apartDD DDlight processions, as the Inspectors persist in Shirt and Callar Denar, Nas. 87 and 89DDDDDDDDDDDD DD tions, and, when desired, DD DDall students the to revising M'llllam-st*, t>DC door north of Malion-lane.DDright vote, unless they can prove that they suppori themselves. If it were not for this, the Republican vote in New-Haven would be largerSuperior flttina Bhirts made to order.Shaker FUnneT Undershirts and Drawots. Scarlet l.an>bs-wool Undershirts and, Drawers.by a hundred and fifty. I forgot to mention that be- Shaker, Knit, and Merino Half Hose.sides theRepublicans and Democrats, we have oneofDrCcisiDg fRobes. Blankets, etc. U..SHh.awls,TRACY & URANNIS, Agents.DDDDDDDSSSSSSman in College who takes the Herald. HisFULL WRITTEN DESCRIPTIONSArc made, accompanied by a book orpoUtlcs, YALENSIS.purely yard.work.J.K.BTAXTORS>SOriIT8TjUt.JAS. WILLCOX. Manufacturer.No. soil Broadway, New-York.EF.EE have little cxi>erience EEGOVERNINfe THEIR PASSIONS,on]T, by Rev. Thomas Hastings. Robibt Fosria, of Massa-by Rev. William Alvin Burtlett Samuel J. Willstt.ui New-York, to Miss Emua S. Clark, of the former place. Randbll—Kandhll.—At Newtown, I.. I., on Saturday,FALL IMPORTATIONS OF CHOICB STYLXS The Washington correspondent of an "enter- of Lafayette Lodge, No.64. F. and A. M., are respectfully MEDALUONS, VELVETS, TAPESTRY, BBUBSBLB,prising" cotemporary says (thatAND AMERICANBest styles English VELVETS, $1 2t te «! <« per yard. Best styles EngUsh TAPKSTBY, 80c to $1 per yard.doingsout exception none but line-of-battie ships would bewas founded. When the official report appears " Jen-recommended conversion info forkins''steamers, will ind that he is mistaken.un-Oct. 23, ISCO.I cut the following from an article wliich ap-To the Editor of the Xea-York Times:in the Tribune of to-day, over tlic dgnature of H. G.," which article seems to be a reply" to lettersp *'of Oct 20" But we are told that'there is no man in this23,Fri:debick .at o'clock. 114ENGLISHOIL-CLOTHS, fco., feeWednesday,Oct.TKn.iiivi,» KimsT *d thi Nutoss Thxt Dmseaxn th> Lrvai,Tbit STuneTHiB tm Diaamos, m Text RiaciATi lai Saosinoss or Asp abi a Spxcino rox allPrioi Oni Dollar a Pacrass.At 112 Broadway, New-York, andall Orageistl.A PA]fTBLETCCNTU?rT7TO TrsmtoffiALs nuMi Cm; also for, rt . «.QBOWbLlX'Bnmi,AA•^rlI^RREMolOQICAX EXAMKNATIONiiv"A AAAA DDDDDDDThese examinations are given ver- DD bally, with all the candor and faith- DD fulness of confidential communica-S3SB SSSR chart with illustration of the organs,SS83S SSSSSSFOWLERNo. 308 Broadway.:^yfc WELLS,Wan Oun Tab n muas.tamle cdora ire bronglit la direot contact with Cbt lining membranes of Uieandpersons, win be sent to any address, yWt kf aunZ ;Geo. Law, Esq., Eth-av., New-York. BiuROif Dbapir, Esq., Banker, New-York. Thvblow Werp, Esq., Albany, N. Y.ficY, Dr. Lionau), Exeter, N. H. BEND FOB A PAMPHLET.KICH CARPETING.SMITH & L00N3BERY,No. 4fi6 Broadway, near Graad-st.Durr D. O. Grbrs, Washington,mlphBr, www.fultonhistory.com 