 NEW YORK HERALD.«H^^^1«H«%11*»-JUKI OORDOI IIUKTT,wdiVW^er.feat act aetiTa, with sakeofaidaaetaatUSMASU64,M»do at»IT3S atlT M, ofct prime at til OTH a $11 TO. aad at $19 forand considerable sums have been remitted di-plete political revulsion at the North. termination of the South is fixed, tad H is no longer a secret of the future what it will do.All we can say is what the doctors tone- times eay of a patient when alarmingly til: there appears to be a slight change for the bet- ter, but not out of danger. If there be any real improvement any convalescence in this case of poUtical insanity, It is not of such a nature ae to warrant us to rely upon a final re-Helper's pamphlet waa deoceof Mr. Grow, toUberak.The advices received there fromtbe recognition of theto take place, have, imeat Jhearmedaaeawhoharefane,and are preparing to goSeeth, may have other i view.pr be m expectatioa of a ceil far Mexico.As the protest of Mr. aVsLeae afahwx the Tnoaba-ai aacre mat with no response from Miramoo, eo theof the latter agatast the raoega-toaaf the Jaatam, ment will receive no official notice from oar own.Iks official advices from Vera Oresabout the coming of the French aadLooking to the preseo t unsettled condition of interference from that quarter k apprehended. report emanated from the Frencb Legation, m former one, it is looked upon here as a part of the j of Oabriac (the French mintok-r) toacuooists at the expense of the uberele.A curious state of affaire la the City of Mexico to en- ticed. Formerly only prominent liberals weretot] titers, bat now ultra raaattoakta are siatuariy |owiaf to their respective pouttcal opinions.ma laiamnamm or atocorr n MAU. The Senate Peat Office Committee have under <mittee have also under consideralios other postal rem of great importance, with a view of making the ment self sustaining.ARMSoananao eonra.The President has ordered from the Nationalax Springfield, Mass., one hundred and Ifteeamuskets for Southern use, to be stationed at Charleataa, 8. C., Augusta, Ga., and Baton Rouge, l a , and nine I sand rifles from the Watertown and Watervliet.for Southern use.Lrrraas BY THE ovaaLAXD sun. TO CAUFOBITIA. The Postmaster General has issued an order tomasters in California to transmit overland all letters s a t marked with the words "by steamer." To or from an. Louis and Memphis, the semi weekly lines, aad New Or- leans by way of San Antonio, which is weekly, the pont-i r r m». w. orr i a u cAND rcttonr*JiJM, *M* to •_»->«*,«wrnop*<rHMy •«•»•PraatdemUai 1 Decide ItJla toIn the^otcjrfTmr commMBroxBMirmADrtMtvamximthe word union in one sense, and that is, to kill or rule. Dividing nearly equally between the republican and democratic parties, they con- trol the officers of State at Albany in one par- ty, and the sachems at Tammany in the other.When a straight-out barnburner ticket, likethat of Havemeyer and Tilden. is nominated.they raise a hue and cry, as if no two otherhonestmenweretobefoundinGotham.When,from motives of policy, they place in the fieldof their own volition a national Cass democrat,they do—as it is charged, without denial, Mr.Havemeyer did—vote secretly for a black re-publican. Whether in the republican or demo- learned from Forbes that Brown intended to cratic party, tbe game is the same and played use the Kansas money for a raid into tome of with equal success—that hi, to keep the old the Southern States; that Wilson denouncedMr-* fa ft*Wallffttf»IZ3TV«*J tort* republican candidate for President, endorsing the Helper book, which advocates interference with slavery as it exists in the States, disunion would bo haeritable, and the South would con-• number of milHary aaaa have written la Vaa to the truth of tbe report that IkaJaareahas invited Toruntoera from the United States,no official or any other aathority to sustain it, norAMCBBXBTN THIS BVnMJTO. MTBLO* OARD**, Broadway -coosasno-a*f i r m Li»au-QAIDER,Oeroaoo*. o* Urs way eewoeM'SoadWAIAA0*-|i r i o t f t f u n .LAOTU. KXEXTt THBAfM. SBt_ BOWntT UIWCUH, Rise or C~vaaanti-slavery barnburner element in the ascen-Haw Yea* mr>.m.EUwaa.irtUiwUl be received at ihefoUowtng plaoeaDESP A TCH.SALOOB. Broadway -Oao. Or Bin*- -Ttt* Mocio-anas, DAMtm, BaiiBMiiaa, a*. ______declared repeatedly that none of the black republican leaders knew anything of the Brown raid. Since the Senate committee was raised the Tribune has been more quiet, and we apprehend that the testimony of Realf, Sanborn and Howe wilfput a different com plexion upon the inception of the Harper's Ferry affair. When the testimony is all in it should be promulgated to the country with- out delay. We want the facts, and the Inves- tigating Committee offers the only method of getting at them.We have news from the West Coast of Mexico dated at Qestymas on the 17th of December, and a copy of the letter of Captain Porter, of the United States Mary, to Governor PesqoJers, on the snbject of the late outrages committed both on our Con-ept out of harm's way, and all be- cause co rdly politicians have allowed to run uncon adicted for years a dogma as false as it is opposed to all teaching aud history,Sberman, but, like all the former efforts, they have failed. Tbe Americans have been canvassing the entire democratic side to see whether they coaid unite their forces upon such an one. Gov. Winslowseems to be least objectionable, and it is very probable the de- mocrats will give them an opportunity to try lvrn. Larra bee, of Wisconsin, is also mentioned. A majority of thesular flag and citizen residents in the town. The manly language of Captain Porter brought the Governor to bis senses, and he subsequently visited the St. Marys in a very friendly manner. Pesquie- ra meditated some extensive commercial and finan- cial reforms. The claim of J van A. Robinson to American citiaenship had been denied by Vice Consul Aldan. KNo' wotsder that Confidencequail. Mr. OConor has touched abolitionism in the raw. As to the Tribune and the Evening Post, they are avowed abolitionists, and their raving is natural. As to the public at large, they will find out, if they have not already, that the whole of this anti-slavery crusade is merely policy with the scheming, a bnsircess affair with those who trade in it, a football for the politicians, an affectation for the brute who wishes to assume a virtue he has not, a religion for the atheist, and pew rent for the parson who seeks, like Beecher, Cheever and the ilk,bringing John Cochrane forward. He is perfectly accept able to the South generally, and would receive a rote larger than any name that has been suggested.The Edinburg,fromQueenatown on January j, arrived her* yesterday morning. Although her news report had been anticipated by the Anglo-They have decided to change one part of their programme. They have heretofore remained silent, and reflet! to )«• drawn into debate. They will hereafter lake part in ae bates, and discuss issues before the country.Chicago Convention will be adopted. As fai as the list ofdelegates that *iii be selected u- coucertied, there is no r.«e<i for a Coiiveriiicn;the Ref;eDiy have made up their l.-ite and all thai the CoiiveoUou will nave to do will be to to: aidily ratify U*e selection already made. The idea that ihe people elect de-'.egates to tbe Chicago Convention is !« rfeclly pre^uttcrejus—they have no mere to do with it IL:VL a mai in Wiidaoaian. Weed and Schoolcraft have al- u-afiy cone that long before tbe delegates are elected to the O uiity Coijveuticts. A set of men have been selected that wil go to Chicago as ton's of Weed: men who will not .1i.ro blow their nose until they have obtained the consent ./! ib» r master. In thus making up the siate particular rare lai been taken to keep tbe democratic portion in the '•. e i i u i i D d , ior tear that they may desire to declare•L.-ir independence upon their arrival at the field of a- tion. Knougb, bowertr, have been placed on the slate to show this ta< non that they have not been entirely for- Gf/lten.Tbe breach between Weed and Opdvke has been heal- cd: patt grievances have been forgotten, and they are lioib slt-epiDK under the same political blanket, quietly isiku-g o \ e r their future plans. It is seldom that Weed rr.alrrs op wi'h an enemy, but in this case he has fouad it necessary: tno influence wielded by Opdvke and hto trends in the re pub Mean parly in New York has induced him to take a iltrfcrrnt roorfe than usual, for fear of being ciowikd out bo&eeif 'ih.a course has been pleasing to • ipdyke. *bo has aspiration tor tbe cubcrriatorial chair,nnet was. therefore, willing to make friends with the p- f}.t"Ciy.Lfr. Capp. of the Buffalo Bxprrti. bas been here for the iast two days on a mission of peace. There has been aaresting extracts relative to the chances of the non- can cotemporaries against the very stupid assemblage of the European Congress, with a course they are pursuing in hammering awayslavery only through Northern spectacles know nothing about. There are the ties of mutual dependence which each feels in the daily incident? of life, the feelings of affection incident to a contiued intercourse from the cradle, and on the part of the slave a perfect relief from the fear of future want. The ope- ration of these ties was strikingly exemplified when Lord Cornwallis, during the Revolution- ary war, marched with a triumphant British army through the States of South and North Carolina and into Virginia, proclaiming free- dom to tbe 'negroes who would join his stan-Every effort has been made to-day to effect a union upon Laxrabee, of Wisconsin. Be is counted the only ii^an who would carry all the Northwestern Iyec-nnptan and anti Lecomptoa democrats.^Mofit of the South Atne ricans, it is said, nave agreed toVote tor hira, because ho announced to tee House a few days since that he would vote for an American if it would prevent the republicans irom electing. According to his own declaration, Larribec represents more foreigners than any other member. This fact prevents 6orne of the Americans, whose eonsketch of the work.to be done by the diplomats, ii they do meet, and other matters not heretofore publiahed.at this disunion idea. They are advertising and assisting their opponents' plan of opera- tions, and helping to roll the stone against theReportafromthe Sandwich Islands are dated to door of their own political sepulchre. This the 6th of December. Mr. Xeilaon, Secretary torevenues from politicians as well as from stituents are bitterly hostile to foreign influence, fromthe King, was still in a critical condition, owing to his wound. Another guano island, named Williams Island, had been discovered, and the traffic of the new American company was very brisk. The ag- gregate of oil and whalebone bound for the United States would show a huge falling off in the take of last sossonA correspondent in St Thomas, dating on the 31st of December, says:—The past month has been an unusually doll one in all branches of trade. We are fairly supplied with almost every article of import, there being no demand for export Flour- Stock light Meal—In barrels,,wanted. Beef and perk—Good, wanted. Fkh—Market overstocked with all kinds. The market k entirely bare ofwhite and pitch pine. Freights—Very dull. The health of tho island is good.Late accounts from Porto Rico an very en- couraging as regards the crops, which promise to be fair. There will be sugar ready for shipment early in February.cry of disunion and secession, forced upon the North by the black republicans, will most surely place the next Presidential election in the hands of the Southern democracy: and if the republican leaders cannot see it they are greater fools than we take them to be.saints.THE STATE OF THE UNION—PHJUC Omiox NORTH AND Sot TO.—In this day's HERALD we publish several letters from our special correspondents, describing the state of the Union, in consequence of the antislavery agitation, and public opinion and its ef- fects, both North and South. Every sign of the times forebodes approaching revo- lution-either a bloody revolution of themost fearful nature, or a salutary revolution ofpublic opinion—a revolution at the polls,which, like the thunder storm purifying asultry andunhealthyatmosphere,willbringpoliticalserenity, health and repose to the country.One or other of these two revolutions must hap-pen. The indications from the South render itcertain that unless a moral revolution take lin and eight others.soela, to January 10. The country still remains in made a thorough examination of the mills a dktracted coadition, and fights between the con- which remain standing at Lawrence; and withr.'u&d tt-at ,i ho attempted to enter the wigwam thestitntional troops and gangs of marattders were fre- qoaat. The crops in that section were Indifferent, markets tmn and produce scares).Oar anackl rlenamtchfrom Albany informs as that the iwawkkeaaatN bestirring thosaselvee la that city, boauy *»,•-*. ^ ^ cue,^ oonvea. tion and 'rreagl*. the State cajrvaas for the Guber- tatfttiel election^a,*^. ^ ^ „the exception of one, which has been deserted by its operatives, and which, it seems, is like a reed shaken by the wind, the general im- pression seems to be that they are sound. Our correspondent prudently refrains from giving big own impressions, and we sub-in a body. What our Richmond correspondentwrites to the Post Office Department in a very touthiug p<».).= that be would show him the hole the car- pi.:Ce. h.-.v.rg obtaiace* full pardon of Schoolcraft and atobeDoewytx^.a. tkaraaawx«e*nsedby tho John Brown aflak has destroy* the harmony for- merly existing among the party.vmo significant facts in relation to the retirement of the Yankee girls from the mills, and the Influx of foreigners, which change, it appears, Is owing to the sew-need not cite the many elements of interest andAn interesting sket .h of the Hfe of Richard Bealff irajahed by oar Haw Orleans correspondent, -mbe found In oar paper this morning. Realf, it wil ing machines, against which a greatland are taking the alarm and recanting their bi.s route, which, by an order tmm tb: depinaa-ht, I -m M I ' opinion they will have to overcome; but there republican opinions. But the question is, can hitherto been applied to the rajmert of . jet:.ic'.or.', AH.1 H f<:I..!, ; rri.oi.ria-' upon her by the Court of •ii/ of the county of Albany kr-.-r i nx-nt for hie In the State prison at Kb. r.n of the county of Albany to therebyn rt;<. the said «uuy Hartuag to the State deikinou a prisoner for the terns of herbe recollected waa old Brown's Secretary of State. andwaslastweekunderexaminationbytheSenate In fustigating Committee at Washington.The Rev. Dr. CshiU delivered an instructive lee t; re at S t Mary . Catholic church, last evening, oncry was raised at first on the ground that they wouldreducethepriceof female labor. The Pe*°Hhas been exactly the reverse of what was presumed by the old fogies.bw famiiy from staivlng, and to procure ck>i:.mg to jTO interest of the manufacturers prevail over the tect tbfrDJ fittr. cold, aud ec<ig by declaring that unlc-a fanaticism of tbe rank and file of tbe republi- h. Ip orm» P shortly, he ma«i rerigc. This letter is ouly a two hundred thousand natives of the free States, can party? We hope that in the Middle States fair ppecimcn or mary whkh are daily crow led upon Uiuiir •..-• i i <-;r: in.. !.!.- 11. \. »x introduced by tbe friends ofOurBoaton correspondent shows np the &w old the "Word of God." flat church waa densely Boston gentie«teawho QOnttQi ^ co^^tionaa great reaction will set in like a flowing tide,crowded, and mack interest maaifaated in fateser-rioea bytikesaeneaoe. A report of the tectare k " « ^ *******on the beach, a stranded wreck. But whethersistersandfriendswhostillresideintheNorth- thesameresultwillfollowintheNewEngland, St.Louie,acetachmentofsixtyrecruit-hastwnortiercdHimm3tates is very doubtful.of moi-ited rifiea at Fort Alb.iqnerqno baa beea orderedl kg watjhnwni i l m l ttt k iinstoreclosedstiff,onthetartsofHdll. From other aourcea ktherelieffondmustdepaj*^that _£and Hickman. The subjection of the North tothedestructivepolicyoftheblackrepublican offorce,andarevolutionattheballottne same post, win proceed to Fort Maury.ByspecialordersfromheadquartersofthearmyatSan-11He.faranlilagu,>kuwhvtbe,uv ma'kat fw 3a«r. wmk a dediaad gca*-aily asoul *c-persona who are in no w., eoJ^L partycannotbeachievedbypeacefulmeans.taFe,New Mexico,isconsequenceofthogreatscarcity hersintheirteiestoftheattir- f«. on,torepealeer»Pork 3followers of the abolitienists. Mr. Hickmanbad l>etk«r see if hi. own dtetriotte rekdyto f fight snd_Job. Sherman would do well to team tbe sentiments of the Thirteenth CongressionaldinrictofObio.Tke PoMtt<"lane ana BHueeSke and tka •agrees *,•« tko Faajr Africa. IConfidence Cassidy, Cagger ft Co. undertaketo assail Mr. O'Conors speech. This onlyproves that the barnburner of the Atlas hasbutchered, as might have been foretold, thesue its present course, aad if there as not a com-M .et>M m the week* Mies for MOM OaoriptocM The truaaettons embrae*«t too a KM ahda freights * » « needy, aa4 engagements fair to Liverpool aad LondonSugars ware outer, tad etosed at tfc per tb. 4e-One of tho moat important poiate struggle which is HOW going on in Oongroes— nominally for the SiHMakersliip, but really for the Presidency—is the bold and determined attitude taken by the leading politicians of the South upon tho qnsstioa of eecessioB. It has been adopted aa a finality by the Soothern ora- tors, that in the event of the election of a blackbunker lamb of the 4rgru*. The politicians of covery, unless some more decided symptoms the Buffalo Platform school only comprehend become manifest. Bat while there is life there.»o.»Si aideritselfforcedtotakestepstosecedepeace- ably from the confederacy. This doctrine has been promulgated in the House by ae-eral speakers representing all sections of the South. Mr. Clinguian and other Senators have pro- claimed it in the upper branch of Congress. Tbe Legislature of Louisiana holds to it, and all the popular meetings in the South endorse It So far as can bo ascertained from thoSouthern presses and politicians, the facte.all go to show that the Southern people are, almost to a man, united upon this subject The effect of this Southern sentiment has already been felthisplans,aadoansayhowfartheywereknown to the leaders of the republican party. One fact he has already related, aad that is that Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, wrote to Dr. Howe that he (the Senator) hadAJfWAY aXWDOIB, ete. BweSWay.-Otra BAV- by the traders of the North; and as yet theI . M or Lroaa-Aeraassor Au. Wean.STMKM TM taall-BUeio t o n . i l w f c l Huaeaaa to On_ Han, OT Broadwey- Danes*, AC.-JOJUKI QOVUB.Gi—t Murriae _•» ear©- B—aiuna ui u n u . that It is the democratic, not the republican, or- neither of which will assimilate with the black FAXKIV0T3V HALL, Temkera-Wooa'S MtMrRSXS W ganization which is the party of disunion. And republicans, and which together demonstratecourse has resulted in effecting, to a certainafterward.We allude particularly to this testimony ofRealf, because it corroborates the Forbes' cor-respondence, which was denounced by therepublican presses as false and malicious. TheTribune and other journals of the same school •ton of money and valuable packets by mau. Theaooa.OtOPIR IWTIWn-Bt. lonanlLlCTWI 0« THB Southern representatives, and argue from it mont two candidates were run, by partiesj T U H ) n u Sonne, DAJICI*, AC—raraa Pirsa Parrsa ronesU U A I T BALL, Sewerk-Dearww's Panto* Oram*- B n o i Ouvnat.Haw York, Moadny, January «3, I860.they attempt further to bully the South and to force the conservative citizens of the North into assisting them in their work. The South is to be whipped into submission. That is the plat- tonn expressed in so many words by the IWotoie, Albany Evening Journal and other abolition prints.Now let us see how this game will work. New England, and some of the thoroughly abo- litionized Western States, it may answer; butthe strength of the conservative feeling. The following table of the vote of the free States in that year shows the true condition of parties in the North :—CONSERVATIVE VOTE IK 1856—FREE STATES. Uuchaoan 1.226,352 Fillmore 394,675lows :—TOTAL CONSERVATIVE VOTE IN 1856.MAILS FOB EUROPE. The Hew Y ork Hern Id—KdltlouI,fi21,027 279,513 In the Southern States the republicans had no ticket in 1856; and as the leaders of the par- ty have completely abolitionized it since then, the South has become united against it The total conservative vote, therefore, stands as fol-~_» Canard steamship Europe, Cap*. Lcitcb, will leare Baeloa on Wednesday, for Liverpool.INTERESTING FBOM WASHINGTON. age is three cents on a single letter—the dtotaace these points being under three thousand miles.Son k 00., 47 Tjadgato Hill. y«, Starr k CJ. , T4 &—g William atreat.Laoaiag, Baldwi- k Co,, 8 place da la Boartt. Laastag, Stair k 0a., »o. 9 Chapel atreatB. Saaart, 10 bckanfa atreM, Eaat. Laoaiag, Baldain k 0»., 21 rue CorneHlw.Da Chapaanroaga k Oknta of ake ftrao-ua EDmoa or n Rauia • Ike nawa raadrid by mail and telegraph atIke praTtoaa week aad up to the hour afTHETREATY OFOGM-XRCBBETWBBBf T B I (JMIT_0 STaTSB AND nuunm.low.A>rInTotal Northern conservative voto txec-fw OTor Fremont's voteTie European mala will cloae in this city to-morrow af- they, unfortunately for Greeley, Seward, WeedT h e T r e a t y o f C o m m e r c e B e t w e e n t k e United States anal France—The 9peak> ciship—Dinner to William H. Seward— Affairs in Mtxlco—Tronbki of tke Hall Contractors—PoBfal Htformi-Arms to be Stationed South, &c., «Ve.teroaoa.atuir paat one o'clock, to go by railroad, and atthree o'clock, to go by steamboat.The tenor—» Kwrow of rat Hknuu> will be published<fc Co., who are now in a tremendous^hurry to clutch the federal spoils, do not hold the ba- lance of power in their hands. That balance is in the hands of the people of the great Central States, where all the commercial, manufacturing and financial interests of the country centre. In these States there is a vast and busy popula- tion engaged in buying and selling all over the world. Their business transactions with the South are far more important to them thanNEWS FROM ALBANY.Movement or Politicians—W*ed and tke Regency —Buffalo Editor on Hie Knees Before M>fd - Mr*. Hartung-taU- R e a U i a Before tke "LegUlatai solnttona Inquiring into tkiof tke Buffalo Saving* Bank, &c. OCB SPECIAL ALBANY OE3PATCH.the mor-jmg.aaaaoifcatlnni aad edverttoementa for any editkm of theat am o'clock in •U eeate.Single copies in wrappersN1W YORK HIRALD, M»H3i>S*Y, JANUARY :2B. MSIMclaims secession as its inevitable resort in theevent of the election of Seward orany other candidate representing the doctrinesof the Helper book and the Rochester bly as large an aggregate vote as it will evermanifesto. The black republican journals obtain as a party. In that year the entire voteseize upon each new avowal made by the rust for Fremont was 1,341,514. Against Fre-any political question whatever. In fact,they are too busy to pay any special attentionto politics, and very rarely take the trouble tovote. They are beginning, however, to look at sider what would be their chances it, by their these matters a little more closely than before, violent and incendiary course, they compelledAIBAST, Jan. 21,The politicians are bestirring themselves in preparation for the coming campaign There has beea a large at-The Hewo.DeffktclMW from Mexico, received at the State and we believe that there is a gradual but the South to secede. Mr. Hickman, and not aDepartment at Washington, confirm the report* of steady reaction in favor of the South among few of his fellow disorganizes, brag that thoformed, would rend asunder the bonds of our national Union. It has distracted and demo- ralized the democratic party, sent out of being the old whig party, brought into being and then dissevered the American, and given birth to a party now contesting for ascendency in the House of Representatives, and declaring "higher law'* for its guidance, and 'Irrepressi- ble conflict" for its action. It has resulted in the sbeaainj; of human blood and the swinging of deluded] agents on the gibbet, while tbecould, without doing Injustice to either, be made to work more reciprocally. The duty on tobacco is not only heavy, but burdensome, and ought to be reduced Frequent ef- forts to this end have heretofore been made, aad they will undoubtedly again be renewed and strongly urged by our Minister.— —»••••"»Various propositicnB have been talked over andthe sale for tbe canvas* is found to be no easy task; there are disturbing elements caused by tbe reaction from tbe John Brown raid, that have destroyed tbe to harmony.Weed bas returned from Washington, and is again i tirg and trimming things around tbe A'bany lobby, whitewashing the wigwam of the Regeacy. Be to finding plenty to do to keep matters straight Tbe election of Ihe delegates to the Chicago Convention to just now claiming bis attent'en. There has been quite a rush of polttcnaaour most influential business men. Tbe effects of that reaction will not be felt until the Presi- dential election, when the democrats and black republicans will come into the field with theirfull strength. That strength does not includethe floating or reserved vote, which may be es-timated at a million of electors. They take noactive part in politics, are attached to no or-ganization, and are not partisans, even in themildest sense of the term. But when the ques-tion is put to them as it is now presented bythe South—no Union with a black republicanPresident—they will come to the_ polls en•masse, and vote for the preservation of theUnion and against the Seward agitators. Thequestion has been presented indirectly already,and the result has been against tbe republicans.In the present aspect of things they would beas badly whipped as the French at Waterloo.The floating vote would be given forany candidate to keep the Union together.Saxon and Circassian, our files contain some inte- In this state of the case we warn our republi" strong ties which those who contemplatethe recent victories of the Liberals in that country The adricea received from Eagland favorable to' the Joarei government, brightened the hopes of the Liberals, sad they anticipated a complete auc- oess. The protest of Mr. Mc Lane against the mas- sacre at Tacobaya had met with no response fromNorth would whip the South back into the Union. To do this it would be necessary, not only that the black republicans should possess a large majority in the North, where, as weOCR DESPATCHES FROM LAWRENCE — AID dard. When the patriot forces were scatteredvoting for him.It ts reported that all the Anti Ijecompton Democratsnot voting for Sherman, expect Reynold wilt vote lor Lar i abee, but I have reason to doubt it.There is a report that if the Americans cannrit make a coalition with tbe democrats upon Iarrebee, that they will then make aa attempt to coalesce with the repabh cans upon Pennington or Corwin. Neither attempt seems likely to succeed, but I think a movement is on foot which Will produce ASpeaker this week.OB account oTt-ercfusal of the Clerk of the House todecide questions, a suggestion has been made by s ims ofthe members to appoint a temporary Chairman unh! aWA*mu>FORTHB RKLIEF FUNO.—We printto- day several interesting communications from our correspondents at Lawrence and Boston, apropos to the recent calamity at the first named city. Our letters of to-day will be found especially valuable on account of the great massoffactswhichtheycontainwithregardor destroyed, the number of slaves that he was able to seduce was incomparably small in pro- portion to those who preferred to remain in slavery with their masters.What chance has the braggart Hickman to unite the North to imitate the British example of Cornwallis? None whatever. We haveSpeaker is elected. Such an omco would have no ulaei < yen warfare between him and tee Regency sine? 18*7,to the mills at Lawrence, other than the Pem- demonstrated that the Northern majority isDIXTnK TO WIL—UN H SVttAlU)A dinner was given to Mr. Seward at the National H<;U 1 II .• i< . \ w w if tbe (»ld Wigwam, and onoe more ait aroundherton, the wages, discipline, nativity, moraland religious condition of the operatives, andnumerous other interesting facts collected on Brown. If the black republicans insist uponlast evening, and was participated in by ex Governors Pennington, Corwin, Bingham, Crittcnd n and Anthoify, and Senator Doolittle, and Kepresentttire* Coha*. PeakWe Bawa edviees from Puerto Cabelio, Vene the spot One of our special reporters has creating the irrepressible conflict they talk place at the North, a physical revolution willTUB IROl'iMKf cil- THB *AI! COSTKAni>RS.A contractor on one of the maJ routes in .New Vo: .innoveryenvUbtolight Itappearsfromhis adequate to the emer-7-^f »T* TL* * * • *y the Pwnbertonto leavo JfcflruHoe bairacki .or Te:aa. The detachmentwith the manufacturing interest Twa.tj.a-, Before the North can march against the South,hox. All depends on the action of the North. Tbe South baa already made up itsor com, and high price of forage of every kind, rations Tor horses and mnl« b_Te beea reduce a tclaporarily to t^ntan r<T itns o, the Revised Statutes Tueeebilte are totro- d HA •by o.jitrnit partes, and cae-fe bill only strikes at ono srcticn of the Re v«ed Statutes, and at those in which the^rba^rtlfwsesrty alldeeeripUwa TaarewssswLj*t, aad aaks wet*as Umited as HermtiC.wh^hola^ndeasaadedsssHtsasrates.Cera Krihed,andasmuchmoreiswanted,inthis bloodwillflowinitsowncitiesandfields;therectly to bin,And now. as the gitVawtsrt-,*The de-ture/s of New England arc not wfliUtg to bury Englandtheir dead and take care of their wounded, we call on tbe metropolis—never htckward In any good or charitable w o r k - t o eonwihute) freely. Let every one contribute according to hi* meena, seeding donations, large or small, to Mr. John H. Watson, No. 106 Broadway.Tk* Cowae-watlwa Mavaaea ot tko Cnwiatry— Tke Irtwrnvwastkie Conflict Bfemrna Olwtk War in tke North.Mr. Hickmsn, in the seal of bis new conver- sion to the abolitioaised black republican party, undertook to handle a few statistics, and, be* aides bungling the figures, he drew from his pe- culiar arithmetic the deduction that, as the Northern States greatly exceeded the Southern States in their total population, if the latter undertook to find peace out of the Union the formerwouldeasilywhipthemintosubmis- sion.This is one of the impudent declarations of the black republicans, who assume to bo in possession of the entire North, and able to carry it intact and united into the brutal and bloody conflict with the South promulgated by Seward* preached by Helper, philosophically postulated byTheodore Parker, and practically inaugu- rated by John Brown. A few figures drawn from the census returns of 1850 and the Presi- dential vote of 1866 will demonstrate the utter fallacy of this assertion, and demonstrate thatif the bloody conflict which the black repub-whole matter is in its Initiatory stages.Such, then, are the facts. The South pro- oome in the shape of a civil war in the Northern degree, a timidity even on the part of thelicans aim to excite should really occur, it willStates, and not as a conflict between the North- ern and Southern sections of the Union.hunkers and old tine whigs themselves, and as a consequence the seeming perversion of public sentiment at the North—a consequence rather due to the silence and the cowardice of politicians than to the lack of sound judgment in the masses of the people.The truth is that not only abolitionists, butpoliticians of all parties, more or less openly,have assailed negro slavery as a sin per se—notonly against the natural rights of man, butagainst the laws of God. Instead of meetingthis false dogma as Mr. O'Conor has done, witha bold and manly denial, men professing to bepatriots, statesmen, and even Union democrats,have admitted a proposition which, if true,should have closed their months forever, andconsented to appear as humble apologists for agovernmental sin against God s laws and hu-man rights. What wonder , then, that afternearly a generation of this poltroonery we arereaping the fruits of the planting ? Politicalabolitionism was first taken up by small dealersto catch a few scattering votes; it had after-wards prominence given it by being used as arod of personal vengeance in a Presidentialcontest? It was set up by atheists and infidels,who, discarding God's revelation, must needshave some image—the more brazen the bet-ter—to worship. "Humanity" has provedgood enough for several elections. Therebycertain weak brethren and sisters of thechurches, wiser in their own opinion thantheir Master and St. P aul, after havingbroken up every religious denomination, ex-cept the Catholic, Episcopal and Dutch Re justly ard unequally towards our citizen?, and whichThe republican party obtained in 1866 proba-tion a plan or system of greater security for theConservative votr :n thn ffoo States Buchanan in the slave States.. Fillmore In the slave States....Total conser vati ve vote Fremont vote in 1665Majority of conservative voteThese figures demonstrate the utter impossi-bility of the abolitionized black republican party becoming tbe controlling party in the Uuion; and we therefore need only to con-tendance of tbe faithful here during the last few days; especially is this true with the republican potiUeians, who are preparing for the Chicago Convention and the Guber-have already shown, the majority is nowlargely against them, but it will be imperativethat the North shall be as united in pursuit ofabolitionism as the South is united against itThe instinct of self-preservation, the domesticaffections, the love of property, the lessonB ofhistory, and a life-long practical knowledge ofthe capacity and impulses of the inferior race,form the Southern white people into a compactand fiim union in defence of the existing social sacred^swell as profane. institutions there; and this union would finddiscussed within the last forty eight hours, witha view of concentrating the elements opposed to fiem the country to this city, who came hereto meeta strong support from the slaves themselves. Apart from the fear which all communities en- tertain of sudden and violent changes in mat- ters that affect the social relations and condi- tion? of the people, there exist between the slave and bis master in the South great andCassidy& Co.opposed to his ideas, and those of Seward, Helper, Sherman, Theodore Parker and Johnabout, that conflict will come, not be-tween the North and the South, butin a civil war within the Northern Statesthemselves. The true division betweentake place at the South, and ihe States at theother side of Mason and Dixon's line will secede and pitiful strain, saying th»t for more thus six !_• ui. i i : t This BcCalo editor is, therefore, to a tight1,621,027 611,880 480,0392,712,939 1,341,614OURSPECIALW ASHINGTONWASHTTOTOjf, Jan 2 2 , 19001,871,425The instructions of Mr. Faulkner, Minister to France,having been completed, he left here to day for his homein Virginia; thence he will proceed to Xew York, with hisfamily, and sail for Earope in a fear days. Judge Mason,at the time of his death, was earnestly endeavoring toprocure certain changes and modifications in tbe treatyof commerce negotiated between our government aad(ranee in 1822, and which it is well known operates un- naiorial contest for next summer. Tbe arrangement ofthe attempt as an insane one—whereupon it was dency, the old line whigs being served in the temporarily abandoned. Then it would seem one like the hunkers in the other. This can, of that Brown, stirred up by tbe New England course, only be kept up by either secretly or abolitionists, made bis incursion into Missouri, openly, as the case may be, pandering to the carrying off some fifteen or twenty slaves. The anti-slavery sentiment This long continued Harper's Ferry affair occurred some monthsprincipals jmonths he has not received a cent of pay for se> says of the Virginia Legislature is true of the vices rendered tbe United States, although be tm-rard M acmusnee which the doorkeeper Weed refuses to Le !.o;, he is m a dilemma. What to do is one Of Ik*the parties lies here, and not in the South. South generally—that the lines of party are travelled within that time about twenty eight hundred rp:ei -(» b;,t be L« unable to answer this morning.Btr • ttl- was dote m tbe Assembly thia morning. ThoseThe conservative majority in the Northern obliterated, and all are united in the common miles. He says that bis credit ts exhausted, and be cannot that i.i!<a>ae<] here evidently did so not because they get a dollar on tho strength of his pr.«pect from tho go to, but for fear that their constituents would*States must first be whipped into abolitionism cause of State rights, defence of the South and vernment, the people having lost all conQdrose la pay g:- ri 1 • >f ihey art jonrned; the session was a short one.A ifc'i'i nun.b-r of potitioas, however, were ottered: from the department, and they advise hiso to abandon ame I f> U>. m was one froaa twenty tour sextons oftheroot*andgoatsomethingthata;\Upayft>admits€'•un!.. n\n»York,askingtooeexemptedfromJwwAlready war is declared against Northern that Congress may have failed to maire ...i;>r^r,'. ,r;on, L <t di" • fStates of the rights of self government. We commerce, and the manufacturers nf New Eng- *>n- i • r-ilto inti xk"*«! was o • tothat there is an abundance of money in iho Pud t/iiioc* cu !)• I =li il<-' .-ny UarUng, which prov.tea that thoby Hickman and his associates, before they retaliation upon the North. foQad mithisfactatothepublic.TherearewillbepermittedtodeprivetheSoutherne. : :is one element which ramifies through every they, change the mass of tbe people? That is he sees Co reae-'n «hy it should not &t::i V iLi <•*£? rj.. S»'j .- r jNorthern State which they have entirely for- tke knotty point to be- solved. Will tbe self- prays and supplicates for m»oey to krt p b'tr. i^ 1 d ;gotten. The census of 1850 show* us that there arenowsettled in the slave StatesmorethanWe.tr.u.. wi:< ..,<• g.\en up:»(• hopes of obtaininga uuii'-n fnm tie Governor. There to, however, i;»N ' i: .! t.:r}; i. ;M- bill, and it to looked upon by aOT nn ait. i..r t iy tbe Governor to rtiirk aH ftrtore retupon- ahi.'iiy LJ. tl^t .jutition. What the result wfll be after a <te.n.>u>, eusricn nocDe at present can tell.Vr ( < jcr u-trcduce'd a tr»fl to incorporate the Oraega C.uii.) ii:.. Association, for the purpose of constituting Jairit li iioi'hi. HenryClialsey.JamesKennedyand EevtL ctbor.- a body polMr. by tbe name of the Oraago County titik Aisrciatjon, ot the at# and county ol haw Yot k. for tbe pui rose of furanhmg and auayrytog the to habitants of the city of New York and vtcmity with pore and « hole seme milk—the capital atock to be one hundred thrusard dollarsAnumberofbiliaarefeeingintroducedby111oaraneeB-whose Interests are bound up in those of theSouth. These have their family ties still in the and Kweep the republican party high and dryPott Office JJepaitu'ect.KOVfJ1B>-l.s OVTE'JOrf.By rpecial orders from ehc nuadquarte-s of tiie arm" _tNorth; and the affections of brothers, p % r e n t o )ern homes will form a powerful bulwark againstthe incendiarian of Seward, Helper, Sherman Thus the fate of the Union trembles in the to Fort Staunton, aad a detachment of Tuird lafantrv, atabout its intentions. As sure as tr-morrow'swas Uary, «_<j tout at SCe for Jeraey and Socthera pel city about four thousand dollars have be#_ re- 'irrepressible conflict" wUl break out here be- sun will rise and pet, eo r-ure will be tho eecos tan bean jorUcred t: m Fort I ow:> t< I on & is.ect.erat-Te rf.t-rr» of »te r r'-mt taws. The hJ tntro- ai.i-«d t>> Mi Bi.j.ltBj to Ja> is o ,e ol that cia—s.i Ai. a:.ark vr. rr_r•.-<• at ': IUII of B-ffik, today.'•:••f-• so;i,s*.>t.r•; ,IT, ,tbv M,.EllsworthdSara••fe", t r. :uj env. tAfe££ Iito. tuiotLcT BOTyct-cw wt^rh waa aaetlbe,featwJBi rather moredotag atceived by the ageat ol the Mayer of Lawrence,tv Untitled Document«en the conservative masses and the fanaticalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iiKU'EE'e HOOKlaratiutl^rUi.TC. ii'cza'^ a-. <v .•%•..• ••• A r •lhalancebetweentworevolutions—a revolutionthousand dollars have already been sub seceding under tbe instinct of self preservation, nund, and there is no doubt or uncertainty pounds per dty tor boras ar 1 r, m> for m•"•>*, cr.; r« ci n decisions of the Court of Appaals hare been againstis hope.SECRETARY REALF ON THE JOHN BROWN RAID.—Our special despatches from Washington yes-terday informed us that Realf, who was Brown .Secretary of State, was examined before theSenate Committee on Saturday. Realf wasBrown. " Secretary of State,'*' and, as a matterof course, is acquainted with minute details of they be accepted without the concurrence of.Father Weed en bis return' from the troublesome camp at Washington, to console the old gentleman in h s fraiUeas abors at tbe national capital. Wadsworth, Opdyke, and several others, have been in consultation with him as to • be plan for electing the delegates. Weed declares that the Convention shall appoint a contmrttee and give them full authority to seiect tbe delegates This is the plan Americans will go for him. There i.« considerable talk of that best suits the Albany Regency, for the reason that it centres in them more power and puts tbe uneasy men of tbe i-arty unotr their control. Weed, there- "eie, insists that this order shall l«e obeyed by ail of his The republicans are determined to adhere to Sherman. si 1-orcmates. and every corporal that dares disobey will i;a\ e his commission cancelled at coee The power of tho Ke j-ency is so great that there is no do ,bt best this corrupt ai d undemocratic mode of appointing thrUelcgaUs to thepower abave thatexercised by the Clerk, e x e p . to d«-cUequestion.?, and thereby facilitate the election of a Speaker.the table with the faithful. Re obtained an interview with J. r .-i'i'<.. irraft tbe financial a^eat of the Regeacy, aad trea.-nieret the aut* Central Committee, who forgave bun tor all bis past offences, and decided that be should be a'uitud n lull commnmoB with thorn, aad partake of Hi Kegem-v's bread and wine; but upon calling on V < i <!. the latfr refused to see him, and gave him to ua-forthesrraererj-onOMnp«nyK.•+*Ki.t<"<v'r-s,jthe?t<iatu. IL;ui»wmjtbr^hopetoremoveadt^»eb-tt will become necessary to call for the aid of. troapa la too contingency enggaksrt by Mrwhen it was said that Weed turned against tbe regular tick, t and r.'fciU/d Mr. < lapp. the nonum-e. for Secretary >tSIM. t;. cnppwassettiorbyhisfriendshere,whoii.<.> i ht ibi.i ihe> saw a chance here for Mr. C. to get an www.fultonhistory.comdonofalltheSoutbcraStatesiftheNorthp^r-Tarn, 