Hi^^^T5Jf5II J 1!• I mw>pja(TMp^iw»!W!"^""~if|p^P^"^"^^W»W^^"«^«^»««P"i^P«»P»»i LJII•' il'.J«>*li"ii^wnMip*y <*•• '^^HPWP »^^^^""^smniiiiiMHiMii ;23,000,000[Applause.]while he avowed these sentiments, he hoped he cher-upon it as prejxwterous, believing that a pany which not the?OL.X.-^0.2838. mPRSSIDIiliTIlL CAMPAIGN.|ijetofl!0tk afimel. NEW-VOKK,THURSDAY,OCTOBER..'5, 1860.iZrcat BcpnbUcan Meetings Hamlik.Unicn would be In dai.ger. He was not in favor of aIarmy of the United States into the South for tlie dlsentfaial-89««cke«Gov. Kuio. he Was tbe first Re- Up«>n the acquisition of California, Mr. Clat waslute men believed were better thanat Binchamton.«f 6«T. Seward, Hon. F. P< aantoo, aid Geo. Nye.fail from thetable of the Bell privateaside ail inarchingIpnerosnoenal amblUoo, ail grand patnuUcSouthernOx-BoastandClam- Bake on Long Island. .O'iifiici" fellows.foughtParty,would give them the causes and consequences of ings." So tlie Democratic principles had been oatohed Dimoci sis were fightldg first tbe Black Re- equality, civil, religious and political, of the AfricanSepnblicanRomans In the daytime aadof C>«v. Cliase Hon. •ina then referred to tbe historical glories of tba piause and laughter.] Mr. Caasi told how he anl killed in tlie latter case. [Laughter and applause ]ot^ct he declared to be the ccippling of the Govern- ment, and the annihilation of all its usefulness, so thatBnraaunos, Wedseadmy, Oct M.nera was m gnat gathering (rf people here to- threaten dissolution in the event of Lisootii's election,4tij, Including delegations from all the neighboring but they were willing to hear others make the threat tawna. Tbe speaking coininenced at 1 o'clock, and in order that they might profit by It. But, said Itfr.mad Else^vbere.of the facts and knowledge arguments presented by a staMe•oatbined through the aflamoon and cTening.Mr. SiiriBS was the ftrst speaker. He was re-SrAimH, these are small matters, insignificant in com- pariton with the great error committed by the Demo-tl^emaelves on the defensive, anddorsement of men of all parties of ttiat day, agreeingwas to prevail? What sort of President and CabinetDemocratic friends, who denounced the members ofmanagement of the great Kansas •elTcd with much enthtisiasHi, and commenced by question. In 18S4 the Democratic Party had repealedplantsayhi the Territories. He denied that they were tained a clause providing that no candiJate for officeagitators. The agitation was forced upon them. He should be supported who was ulsposed to disturb that [Cheers.] Adherence to it was the secret of our suc- admit that they were wrong aud you and I were right.'openbyrightsdepositories. rivers, plainsIt was his habit to as- andmoimtains. HeHe would, however, that the sayRepub-MossHXAn,supportidaw which had arisen there—Judaism, Christianity aadMohammedanism TheNilewassuggestlTeof eWUtartnn, qwnlaneons and inezhaastible. The north-tion of a better principle—the of the riglitthemselves to the fair operation of tills principle.. «Bi]l«dlterTanaan was the seat of Liberty,and its seeds Mr. Staktoh proceeded to show how completely thethem just at ail declared that the;starlight go to bed." [Laughter.] On the 19th of No-and the highest Court in our State liad refused the ships habitually there, when sne is at her reatdeaceslaveholder the right of owning tiis property the mo-Mil Jlngeied there.•f aa ambition, less for power aad empire, than counting the events which attended the so callednothingRepubli-The Seine waa the theatreJTtlonartery of trade and intercourse—the ErieAbohtioaists, Slaveryanduntilthisbadover to the and Republicans. [Laughterat the North to take the reins of Gov- proposecontemplation, 'thefi^sh arrivals, made aclams were baked, and eaten, and more speeches old man. He wouldn't steal a nigger, although hegreatninggone applause.]would buy them and set them free. And if ail theAbolitionistswouldacttliatway,theSouthwouldnotcomplain. [Laughter aqd applause.] Mr. Libcolxparty"rg'*'"' wanted friends, and looked to us In her need. mained last night, and proceeds thence to Fredonla.country of time, by the aoqui.>itioa of which eaa Bckel T. Jokaaoa tella wky the Daioa la la been Sc^uth in a number of years. tend edMto appeal to thefr patriotism and not be Territory,But tbe real phenomena of the day was the Republican Tarty. It was misunderstood by everybody, and byand now there was a coalition of at this point, and returns home. He ridicules theDaager.Ml. LiKcoui had said that he did not believe this to their fears, when he told them that he only acquired ^uth of the proent Southern Uae, she would have received, under that compromise, count! y could exist half-slave or half-free. Now tbe really believed there was danger. 'The election of every thing that was gained. Mcrehi i.e refused to be a•Tciy other party«arselves. But great phenomena always took the world by surprise, and he advanced the advent of Christ, the Reformatlon,and the American Revolution. Tbe Bepubllcan Party was thought to be accidental, transient, fanatical and revolutionary. Its opponents Hioaght to frown it down—trample it down, ridicule itfree. I'faere were four doctors who had spoken in wcrth ? What would be the value of debts between with the;perhaps imperfectly understood bymen.place on the cast of a party die ? Let par- af Itation, in spite of his pleuges aud the engagement,IUmnfpwtilIMipatehtotk*H«w-TorkTIbm. reareditshorridcrestandbrandisheditsfieryweapontbey ever read of a people willing to sulnnit to tbe destruction of so much prop-partyinpolitics. Hethenwentinto anVI9B-iWAK6 BEIMgTIiTION.adopted. Hebelievedttiatthispartyertyunder the form oflegislation ? [" No, no."] Leteverywhere;they,Stastoxcommencedbysayingtliathepresentedhim-self under the disadvantage of following the distinguishbered when the was for the advice of Mr. Clat in that crUis, and Democratic Partysion. In the in South, particularlythe cotton States,ed New-York Senator who had just spoken.influences :—they were now about to hear theing of an ordinary shower. eduponthemeritsoftbeRepublican[Applause.] He liad^ead how thethemonopolizefemale is standfrig, and then there IsnointermptioB oftbe downfaU of tbe Democraticprhicipal speaker was Hon. Hobacbof KnoxvUle, Teim. You will remember that heH who, during debate on the Lecompton Con-It might become an easierdesigns. In the days of Jaoxboh it was democratic to resist the influence of those malcontents in the South, and Gen. Jacksoh had threatened to hang those dis- turbers of the peace as high as Haman. Now disunionof fifteen Slates of the union in 4,000,000 of slaves,of the formation of thethem fix thefr minds upon any one article of property Uons. While on this branch of his subject heof spoke the Know-Nothfrig organization as follows :and the Democracy was silent, if it diJ not actuallyof t^e that peoplewas in the of our «1th a roarof ayes.Gen. Cooaas was glad to see thatat them. [Applause.] And this was theI do not propose 10 give like a anytitingapprove. Northern.Democrats did not themselvesthere was not atraitorintheroom. [Applause.[posi- tion ot the South. Tney would suffer exterminationcratic in its Partythat free labor should have itsto stand by the Compromise. This sUpulatina con-would we have if the higher law should ! Our prevailit v.iUi such vindictive and almost strile— n.ailgniutingdown. The several parties tried it, and broke before Hon. A. B. Meek closes his campaign speeches Mr. Coopia tieing chosenhlniaelf thcie being now no Territory to gain whrch can be made available by the South lor the extensiun of Sla-It is the attemptthem all in the last desperate hope ofKo woiKler that men did not forsee its supremacy. Few, Indeed, were they whoi labored for ultimate ad- rancement, and who' looked any further than to takeand all such churches would scatterteeth throughout our land. [Applause.] The elec- Ihe Died Scott decision, withoutguing for a doctrineadvantageofexisting organizations,events and cir-;verytion was at hand. Were they prepared for the con- w liich all theia more than half of the Union,opponents thought to study its resources oq elements,and BxicxiBUDOi even proposed toSmi more strange was any despondency on the part ofJersey as good for Liiioou by ten thousandHon. Datis Kilooei, author of the Chicago Plat- form, made a most conservative speech a few even- ings since before the Republican Association of thiscouLtl)JoBB Bkll. He hau evidently not ^Hld au iiu ioreodedIt was nofrom the acorn seed of necessity. Ix>ok liack forand Secretaries was adopted, and then the ChairmanCity. He pronounced the political Abolitionist a rarity introduced the Speaker of the evening. Gen. Lxsui and we must do it. Well, St. Paul was as muchRepublicans.sapling,but asturdy oak,ot a gentleman as Mr. Sbwabd, and he sent a fugitiveslave home. [Applause.] It was remarkable that AboliUoblsm was allowed to unfit them towhich awaited them. After dniner otherand adopted policies based on the interests of the day. Such parties must necessarily give up to newQ.ttoD of the condition of human life.;ieparatetl.the at the ballot-box.Universal educa- «aq prevailed, and all the standards of education karebeenadvanced. Steambadmadeinternalcom-||{Johnboth were Siamesetains and coulj not becertainty.POUTICS IN MARYLAND.awnication general, and easy in all directions. In aercn of tbe original thirteen States Slavery had been aboMtlMHli and It liad been excluded in eleven Ihadbest office within their gift.ewwould say nothing to offend anybody now, becauselows. [L.'.'Ughter and applause.] I«'eas,andhedidn'tcharRCanythingTheseSave States, preaervlng their original featuresadopt the Idea,Territories against Free Labor, topation, because itand when itcalling Such a one I was easilyMr. SxwArnalarm for the safety of the Mt concur with the oftional he had been ship,Heaven it would be due to him.When he [Laughier.]SPZECH OF HO.N. H. V. JOHNBOH.to ha« recenUy been with fresh zeal, and are, really, muchbe proeeived by any bonds Heaof KKdal life. Those alarmsJosxsos was received with renewed after applause,sfrengthened,hope. Last night they heldwithin the South, were[Laughter.]was a Union man and that was enough. [Applause.] He only wished Yabcit would preach his sermons^iiltIndependence it-Gov. Cbasi, of Ohio, was introduced, and received cause he was told that It mi^t be in his power to addover again down South.o [Applause.] He felt com- He thankedNo one knew what trouble was brewing on the ques- speaking. He wuuid not speak, only that his nameendangeredinducedthe morethat It tookplacetheirdeprecated aU attempUat creating an[Laughter.] fdllowing in their footstepstoattend,easilythis and city,should take a ground soikat now assumed by tbe Democracy, and yet that ao new plrty should arise to check them ? But that party had ailaen, and was the Republican Party.Caafiederacyabsurd astion of the admission of Misfouri. been annouiced.whose stronghold is in Memphis, by bringing YA.^cxTas ifI narrate tbe incidentsThe announcement of the name of Hbbscbil V. me, however, )o remark that the Breckinridge men, ofdestroyingIt.idea of Sasdies having offered to Mr. Yas- seriouslyciT the Vice-Presidency on the Douglas ticket, and thinks the editor of the Conatitutian has l>een badlythan fire and brimstone. That was worse than burn-fiothe[Applause.] How was this Union.to tic preserved ?A Voici—By defeating the RepubUcans,preventour occu-;was completed,could not take libertes with his friends, who and theharmonious soltir as itgreat system, would be forof several massmeetings.political power.The friends ef Mr. Bbbckinbidoe inthe Union must against the rising necessi-Union,up. [Laughter.]Beforeattendingwh.ch came from absolutely oppoMd to thecommenced with him, Yascst wasspitting fire and blood, but, his last Boston speech was which the candidate for the Vice-Presidenc'y s*p^oke as as gentle as a sucking dove. Yascct foUows:Tennessee,arebynomeansidle. Themajorityof thefr labor, however, is being performed by commit- tees calling on the voters, by the cireulaUon of docu-ument-square, whichsmassmeetinginMon- was largely attended, wbUst "National Democratic Volun-one of itsished a suitable regard forunion of^ the States.extinguishit.That wonU not do alone, the work miist extend tothe lowest offices'. Tliis spirit of unconstitutional in-t( r.'erence with the South must cease. So long as ready, acjoumed to partake of the " barbacued" meata they tolerated these intermeddiers the senUmeul ofsixtyyears. Then we had four millions of people—sow publican could be found who would interfere withour forefathers had not set all their niggers free that Massachusets should tiavc voted downthefr duties. Why should perform theyspeakerssay,|{Kentuckyof the old Wasliingtonian style. [Applause.] He 4tand up like a Kentuckian and shake off these (el-of the Declaration ofmiU. Could It be that aU parties of Uit with three cheers. He had come here, he said, be-some twelve hundredfor their greeting, and thought ments, Ac, and It is generally understood that they teers," cos-.umed in white c.-ij.es and red caps, bearing"tion of LiHCOui and Haxub. [Applause.] What- ever may have been their differences of opinion here- tofore, they w^re here now to redeem the State ofchance than the fireBnd brimstone. applause.][Laughterand [Applause.] Let them rally, to fight the devil Malloit, of Florida, had, under oath declared to be unijeceEsary, and beyond the duty of Congress. Hesold" by Mr. Baxtib.Maxtis, who carried the Lecompton Constitutionwith fire. The Union was in danger, he was looked this claim made the Souftieropatter- Mr. Siwaas had descant-gentleman to attemptsa seat so a long aspreyto tbeir treasonableThe last resolution was one on which be wished avote of this meeting. It was lie ally as follows Rrtelvtd, That, as far as it depends upon us, we willaajiBg that they were all acquainted with tbe sdenca the Missouri Compromise. He (Mr. S.) as a Demo-ofBecromonles-^sciencebasedonthefactthatideas cratfromTennessee,votedforthatrepeal.Hebe- defiedanymantoshowthatagitationintiehalfof Compromise.cess,andeverynoteofdiscordhadbeen«cca-iooel Whereisthefoieignelementto-oay?Whyrthe by a departure from it [Applause.] Wiiat guarantee Chkags Platform tcUs jou where it is. Go and readwere assigned toaodsteideaswithanoeiated with Palestine the three great religious turbing the Missouri Compromise, was the substitu-was it at the last of t The meeting Congresshad they that Mi. LincoLn would not swear toUiat Anil-Know-Nothing plank, insened at tbe fri-lieved himself right, but did not no IV to de- proposefreedom had ever obstructed the public business. HowBeing requested to give the names of the signers.fend the measure.only Justification—the only plausible pretext for dis->oThe Democraticrepealing tiiat Compromise, had solemnly pledgedcontrol their own affairs.Party,inptialanxes youngisDemocratic Party had falsified all its; aad the Thames was wedded to the idea of adoption of the Lecompton Constitution, and the;can Party was not aggressive upon the rights of thegjio^Ikeaxtension of power rather than of liberty Incirciunstances wlilch and precededand called upon every lover of his countiy to make dissolution of the Union." And he had tnen pre-common cause with the In the dicted that the platform or tbe Union wouti be8LATEBT QCESno.N.But he regarded questions of policy as having beenevent, *i»*ini nymoQtb Back was associated with of theand;RepublicansquesJon of Negro Slavery, a question which he argued was introouced iutu Ameri-to«%i>ons amtimcats and ready InTention. The people against thefr will, after they had votedparty, and that if Abolitionism was to be engrafted on tbe'•in danger. [Voicis— NoDemocracyHodacn, with an energetic pushing ciTlUzatlon, and at a fair election to reject and repudiate it.Hon. Jobs Covobs was the next speaker. He dwelt Whig Party he would^ be no longer a Wtdg.'* [Loud upon the corruptions of tbe General Government, and)prolonged cheers.]and ascribed them to.Ihe control of the Slave Mr Clat went a step further, and if hewas the battle-ground, and upon her soli let the vic- tory in favor of the Union be achieved. [Applause.] He who saw no danger in the signs of the times was blind.can politics by designiog politicians of the Deaio- known as the mischief-making "Atherton resolnuon, drawn up by see R. Babbwill Rbxtt, of South Caroiina, a genUeiBsapro-platform anyttilng wUk mitt and cloud, led to dreamy re- condemnatory of tbe outrage perpetrated upon Kan-power,making substantially the same speech which ne re- was alive he would give his support to thatftaIlisaisBippi with concentrated and eonaoUdated agiieaBiual power. The Susquehanna and the Ckeaaago valleys, with their hills coTereddelivered mWhile th te things were occurring within the Wig-man who was untainted with and ' That's so."] Had ever seen tlie time whenwho hasfigured very conspicuously in Souib Catx>-accompanied tliat dwelt with much severity on the attemptand concluded the by urgingties to the contest had in its presentUnion. [Applause.] But, they were told tliatRepub-open enemy of his Guvenuaent, seeking to procure its overthrow." Tbe adoptioa of Uiat resolution, as the twenty- first rule of the UooaeParty.[Laughter.] They were darned old stockings, [tp-Jew>. thereappearedto be more oftheir numberI1iManMW,force that Constitution upon the;" "Yes."] AUthatwasneeded w as for New-Y'ork to do her duty. New-York cratic Party—by the resolution nowHe ceeded to remark that the Republicans were the only party that had stood up for the fair operation of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and that it alone of all ttie par-sas. He charged upon the Democracy the iniquity ofawliich Democratic Senate had beenguilty.ing to admit Kansas under a Constitution framed inofLikcolb,tberewouldbe propertyto pronounce themselves martyrsGovernment.lina would probably accede. Alabama had already In continuation of bis discourse, he denotinced tbeBaUiead lyened up the outside aifairs of accordance with the popular will, and wound up by a were delivered.upontheem Confederacy. Tb|enlfthatwastofail, there would untU now it Is to be feared••world,andcoreredthemwithhamanityentire.Bnt tills was Etlll a place from which to contemplateIke phenomaaon of the world. The great phenomenonatoai day was not the Prince of Wales, or his visitTkatwasvalneteaa, except as a sign ofletuiulugaalty and fraternity. Itlmparted tbe idea only that^;stirring appeal in belialf of Lracnuf and Hamuh.His speech was followed by one redundant in pith and humor fivm Gen. Mti, of New-York City, andAROTHESmnORHEETIlVe.hadtwo merits. HekWasborninoki goodbe an appeal for separate State action. South Caro-the festival closed a great Wide-Awake hrprocession, TkeFaalon Forces atChar- fighter. That would be a- saving grace if LiHCOLa been loledged through her Legislature to go for seces- repeal of the Missouri that itwhich was addressed Hon. Mr. byof Howaxs, Mich-was saved under tliese circumstances. sion, and had voted to Compromise, denying [Laughter.] money defray military exr was a Northern measure, but holding thatigan, and Kx-Cov. Fou, of Ohio.Mr. SiWAss went to Elmira, where he quietly re-IiCsUe Coabsi of Keataeky-Hon. Her- lyMr. Cooaas replied Noto produce a state of things that would Uirow this possibly make use of, and in the eourse that Mr. Lmcout bad not whole In a state of eooiUct. He in-:_________ P0UTIC8 m WiSHOICITON.C.pledges, byre-in theanswer to that branch of the question."people1 heir see where tbe CaUiolic Irish element is t It enough for me to state one singie fact to answer Governor of Ohio, and, he believed, of liad that question. That is, the wile of Stbhebb a. Dooe-In refus-grand tonSillght parade, theernment? [Applause.] But was there on the temerity'. ^;^•• ''./^.Sbethe constitutlonal progress of Anti-Slavery sentiment tii'U so bad thathe went out 6f office with tlie uni- gle ; ttai the very existence of the Cirerumeut wasuPRICETWOCEvTs.whCTe they must perforce hearSPEZCH OF BON. F. P. BTAKTON.After Mr. Sswaxd, the next speaker was Hon. F. P. going sbout like a beggar, seeking the crumiw that uercrsityaims,layniangcumstances. But it was strange that, when, after ta Kansas, is here, and denies tliat Judge Douglas New-York from Black Republicanism. [Applause.] nigger for breakfast every morning. But Mr. Sbward had got off the platform, and thought that 3,000,000party with the view to save tne Union, he ioiAedsBly six years of organization, and daily increasing Itnew anytliing of the trick. Propably upon the State of New-York would depend slaves were better thanla power and prestige, tcday It was actually in power A letter from Speaker Pznkikqton puts down New- the retult of the election, and upon the election might had thought Sbwaxd was rather dark then, and liadHe would notpander to the prejudice of any audience, and yet could not save itself from splitting cuul iall for BucXHBinoi.REPUBLICAN BARBfiCIJE.plause.1parties in new exigencies. To suppose that theties of 1800 or 1820 should survive to-day, would be Ox>1Ioaat and Clam-Bake at BmshTillc, liongabsurd. Since then there had been a great ameilora- Island—Addressee Got. Hon. of it.par-round, and having drawn a knife, cut Hs.>&EadOR atiout after a silver dollar, and to be on the dia, leaving a devil's hole to put the snaice la. the hist'>ry of the past. The Union could not stand tlie t'Ody. so ttiat liver and lungs were buth hacked,Chose.The Republicans of Queens County gathered ina FABMBa was, imder tbe cfrcumstanoe*, leftgreat forceSzwABD was Captain and Lincolb was onl}\Lieuten-ant. [Laughter.] 'There was danger that ^r. Ssw-by CoTode. and Others,p^fertoin a beautifulviUe,L.I.; devouredanox,whichhadbeenroastedwhole;listened to speeches fromdistinguishedmenBreckinridgeDemonstradoo la Bald-papalailon, needing room. It was crowded from be- Jamaica, SmithviUe, Glen and the ride the Cove, Miimeola,onlyand all should recollect that were her head in the St. Lawrence, and took a shower- they bath In Niagara Falls. [Great laughter and applause.]From Onr Own Correspottdsnt. SriVEHsflH, Jackson County, Ala., Oct. 18, 16M.beautifullydecoratedwigwamand out doors tiad ;were Ms them. [.Ap-Speech by9Iayaard>of Tea*yesterdaygrovenear Brush-in aan old-fashioned clam-bake, and made anight of it generally. In the morning, companies ofHob. Horacencaaec—Political Quarrel aad a 1.1ft I.oat.ones, itretchlng across the continent. La-kor bad been exalted, and made the controllingpower by universal suiftagc- Tliis was an expanding Wlde-Awakes from Astoria, Flushing, Hempstead, The present question before the people should Over- foot in the Atlantic, the other in the Lakes, washed|dayand afor wanted to be loftfrom Its hiyh place of poorer, aad now was reduceto In which tie country was placed, and enf .rceiuie1ofStaktos, once of Tennessee but now of Kansas. Mr. and Everett Party. [Applause.] He remem- Item to save the RepubUc. [Applause.] Such wassimple cause of theSouththat " Never, never, never, would lie consent to the The Union, the Constitution and the Enforcement ofment he touches our soil. In the event of the Euttainfrjg these principles, was it a rash assertion to say that the people of the South would not submit toit? Before God and his country he said oiight theynot, andwotildnot. [Applause.] TlienwasiheUnfoii;peacetriumph,partypredicted thatwould fallow ItsRepnblinns present " Partycrisisthe District to send Mr. CAsna to cheers.]of Congress. [Loudswallowed the up byrich man'sthatHon 01 the £< publican candidate as a cause for seces- crowdwasso that when tbeFreedom, and In those days lie was proud to stand it couldberepeated now with advantage. He''>'I'''JINew-Tork.wam, speeches were made at a stand erected in thefanaticism,not the man pretending to be a Whig who opposed thetbeythere was so little threatening at the South f Such anominous silence? North Carolina wss silent, butcentlylinapoliticssincethattime,amiw'ois nowOxoasx W.Wide-Awake forces, laraely augmented bylicans were not Oiaair SiuTHhad AboUtioolsts, yetmfrhttherenotbeafixedresolvetotake thefrin thefr own hands when they find that a sectional of Represenutives hadCcsns, Esq., and Mr. Co-^».*^veisal rcni-eht f.f all Si had at stake, because II it should be deci.ed who had juoported him.puipote than be charged with appealing to thefr fears, i,'Idiscuselons whence masters, boldly declare thatthat a State it been w Ith Mr. BocBAHAif. Why wai this failure of could nuiii^«u act of Congress, anarchy would en- the ' irrepreFslbie conflict" doctrine, and wound Democraiic adn.intstrations T It was because the i^T Mr. Clat wanted the aid of KeniicXy In that in behalf of Lnoout and D< morrailc Party had ceased to sund firmly by Its "**'!' "S. .'lfTMl'l° •^ "SSU! Mr.Coiasa was pnsciples, and had become the instrument oi^tne pioud that Kentucky had .t,53>ist ao ever since. Slave Power. That Party had for tills reas>o fjlen [A] rlauFe.]Mr.CLATSletler further set forth the danger1 hiremade a passing and jocular allusion to up with a strong appealas cancer to the Union if iheie was danger ofthefr owners sad John Browns abound Eastit. Their in former maee this appeal to the army of odice-aeders of in the event of the election of CApplause.] principleswHhbad times were just what the Republicans stood bv now— Ntw-York-the 40,000 of them. [Laughter.] LetLli)Coui,the Southought to secece. No doubt the question of secessionwuuld be presented to the South In such an event,and a perilous struggle would ensue. What woaldbe the result Le could not spy. Tbe inevitable conse-quences of the inauguration of the KepoliUcao Party,stands) the utmost ordermark on the great silenee and theHere I wooH re-Theywitnes.<ed the overflowing of tbe Nile with alHtsCsrtile brought the Democratic Party low. Mr. Chass re- ohe man run for each office, and then they woulJ de-li nl Iksilliiii have been compelled to notice at ail Ote SouthernmassmeetfrigswhichIhaveattenJed. Mothrm sacrificelated Dean Swrrr's story of the black silk stockings ft at the common enemy. [Applause.] Let theminand it was their infidelity to thefr principles that had which the oM lady always wore on holidays, andwhich cotton so often that were darned withprivate diBerences, and let there be but elect any one who would defeat these " Irrrepresslblewhich Ithey had vet still Jewti'.sinstallation in the Oovemoient,would logicalandhe ceasedtobesilk,andwereentirelycottonshe would " bring me thera silk stock- fingl;t each other in tbe night. Just so thesay, Jenny, Republican;the speaker from hisMr. Stah- set often tiiat they were nofat all what they used to be. publlcsns, and next tbemaelves, and like the'Theold Democracy, which derived its descent lineally wtio, beHeved,—their former policy in re^rd to the Public Lands- such—[Applause] how they had stood togetherthey the negro, thought dilterentiv were entitled to tnofrGovernor of New-York-[Applause]Repuhlieana. alluded to he trusted the first of a long succession of Nt.rth orof tbe to secure the Territory for onestitution, hfriled that the idea ofsweet-scented opuiioii. [Laughter and applause.] The (as of constitutions) to the people was objectionablefromtbeoldJelTersoaian He publicanthe Southsection. Underthosecircumstancesbehadsubmitting qoestkmsprepared granting preemption to actual settlers, and opposing the Compromise by which New-Mex- some resolutions for this meeting. [Laughter.] Ttiey graluating ico was admitted. He wanted it to be borne «e>e not onlv for that occasion, but also specially ap-Kepublican doctrine would make the black man ellgl-'and adverse to the policy and idea of our Ga*«n-reducing the prices. He then commented upon their in mind that Clat, Basnm and Wsasna, while plicable to this occasion.MEETING AT CeOPEII MSTTTUTE. apposition to that policy at tbe present time, leaving they ciffered from theas in theory, agreed with Mr. Clat's letter sntHnltted to him a series of reso- tbe advocacy of the great Homestead measure to the them that there should not be anottiar inch of slave lutions, which that honored statesman wUhed to seewho would deny thaythis was tlie logical sequence of figure for Lecompton, aadRepublican doctrines was either a fool or a knave. alUiough from Uie next stand, yesterday. Gen. Baa-[Luud applause.] If the Republicans should succeed. Bow declared that constitution to be " an frdqnUy,"mPolllics in TcBKctsee, Haryland, by the fire-eaters or disunionists of the South, whoseOhio was more than the majoritylately given for tbe Republican ticket. And, U There was but UtUe hi his speech which It wooldthe negroes had been kept in a subonUuate pay you to print I tiierefore cuU from hisplace, as they should be, doubtless Ohio would have paragraph or two, taking care to express tlie whole of cast her vote for the Union and the Constitution. each ic ea.[Applause.] TheRepublicanPartyannouncedthatall these States must become either free or slave, and KB. MAnrAKD'B SSKAKEg. _now they were to settle tbe question, and to meet The opening of the speech was devoted to a reboke this ueciaraiiou of war acainst the property interest of these men wlio content themselves withif del. LMlie Cambi aid Ion. lenebel T. Jikaion.could not be extended into New-Mexico and Utah. tbey go ments, and he called attention to the defection of the Mr. Btimn concurred with Mr. Wasarsa in this. Indivislbk—now and forever. [Applause]Republican Party. His next point vras the Jack- territory. Mr. WxBsna had taken the ground that adopted. They were in substance as fallows:It would be considered proper that ttisfr daugtiterashould be led to tbe marri"age altar by Sambo. [Ap-plause, and a Voice— 'Fhat's so.'] Thethis gentleman, standing on tiie same platform aadfrithe same party as tiie oUier, did not ' express hU regretunder the existing physical and organic lawrs. Shivery JCooJi'fii, That this meeting is firmly attached to the soniaa policy on the subject of Internal Improve- Union of these Ststes, and that for it—one andvote of negro for tiaving voted for that fraud.Democratic Party from their original action in tills re- gard. He attributed this defection to tbe gradual in- crease of influence in the Democratic Party acquiredRtstlwa^ Tlut this meetiDB wuu.d be most happy thatcr-ntroverted aaestioa ot Slavery within tiie Territor- should never forget how he had heard Hxitst Clat ies recently acquired from Mlxsourf, »liuald be wttlL-d la say in Congress, "There is no power on anancersatlsfactury toall parti&-,aiid that whatever itearth that shall induce me under any cir- mu' be it could afford no Just cause for a dlssointiuo. cumstances, to consent that Slavery shall be Jc«iih>«f, That this nieetitg believes tliat thedidsolo- extended over an inch of tesritory now free." Mr. tionof this glorions Vnton as a remedy far any evils, BxBToa had lived to verily what he (Mr. Cbass) was real t>r Imaginary, would tie prnductive of fatafcunse- now saying. Here was the origin of the Republican quei.ces, wortie than tbe evils themselvesMr. Clav took exactly the same ground, and he theremarks a—and again apprehensive of an endeavor on the iianJ,Those whoParty. He had nothing to take back from what he had before said against tlie basis of settlement whichail attacks from within or vmbout, and against ultra- ism, whether at the North or tbe South.beenmadetoorder.Ithadarisenoutoftlieoorietion Theresolutionwasputtotbemeetingandadoptedworth Had t3,20O.G«<i,0CO.at that time washad arisen because the onestion of Slavery waa not stand by and support and uohoid the Union againstthen settled. pn perlywere much mis- veryin tire North, and imagiue the South an effort makingTheytaken who supposed that the Republican Party hadbriefly ^omeanandcowardlythatadogwouldnotbark AKXBICA.NISIIASOUTBKBKDuCrBI.VK.way should not be extended beyond State limits,Slaverycivilization. ThepartyproposedsimplTttiatSlaveryhistory or delaU of the organization that subeeuuenUy anse He had seen Mr. Clat in great agony of mind for belcre they would submit. [Loud applause.] The cujing the year lti3-4 called somtUmes the Ameri-rightsnational pi ogress was due to our written Constitution. if ti ey fcould not in the candor of a secret coofeaioa,air.voBi. The afternoon was thus spent, and in the eve- told him that ail bis officers and most of the privatesapplause briefly. He thanked them for the honor of choosidg oned rat dies, in its hole, that was a worse remedy—AVoicz InCasxvBa'schurctL [Greatlaughter.]him to preside. This was a meeting of theSenators of the United States, save only flict ? Were they organized ! ["Yes, yes."] "The mate- Bec«m, of Mississippi, JoB>boii, of andsay tor him, or he would have declmed to speak. In walking through our streets it seemed to him as if alltions, iftherewasaconflictbetweenfreeandslave labor, they would have abolished Siaverv^ut theydropped over Slavery In the South. What was thehad appeared in the North ana South he had remain-ed a private dtixen—ever since the death of the gal-lant HAsar Clat, by whose dying beJsiJe ha stood.spitted. At 1 o'clock, its demolition commenced, and [Applause.] It was to fulfil a duty that he was here. over the mountains, of the Union men go-with- out general education, without internal commerce or lannfactures, with no need for expansion for tbe nextearlyTirginia than in Kansas. They wanted to ahnt'~'the vestige of it. Its devouring, however, was conducted as a certain gentleman liad—he would allude to him Kentucky was Mars, and New-York was Jupiter all aback. The result has;grove.disheartened forced to makethe recent news from the East, everygether—marched in procession to theThereare exertion, even in that State, conceded to Bell. The informationthousands of were assembled around'the in- peopleLet ber take Pennsylvania by the> back of the neck,byproaches, politicalexcitement, unanimously, responded]fearol the probable disruption of the bnion, but thecan and sometimes theIher than to Know-Nothlng Party any fhr-Comoiomise of 1890—passed by Democrats and Whigs —highe—rsay that the doctiines upon which ttus or-had saved the country, and he was standing upon;hold-).anjzaUcn waspredictedareuu^trmes which ibave:investigation existing poUtical organlaa-and that Instead of thetry, the people shoukl rule it.Mr. Chass recited the provisions of the Republicanplatform en which the party rested. They did not that platform now. [Applan$e.] Mr. Clat's namewast force or disturbance. They only wanted to »as signed to a stipulation which received the in- V^ hat was the use of a Constitution if this higher law >ouUi, and I am very much mistaken to-day if ourslave-powier rulingthe coun- [Applause.]Republican party proclaimed areleri nie to tliis question of Slaveryccnvicrions of natural right and natural justiceing that that law was paramount to tiie Censiitutioa. ever urged as Identified with the best interests of tlieGen. Coombs named Clat, Cobb, and C. S.licans nominated tholr man, and when they fourid and said that was enough, as he stood by Hxnbt tiie Constitution with a mental reservation, provided stance of Mr. Cabl Schibi, up<,n w iiich he has beenthat they could not elect him, they Immediately went Clat. [Laughter.] He thought these events of the It does not interfere with the higher law r What haranguing the people of the North trom the time of for Gov. PzsinHOTOH, who could be elected. Tbey past would interest them, and he had no doutit this would become of the rights ^f the people the Chicago Convention until now. That will show did nut obstruct the public business. They only audience would respect the opinion of Hikxt Clat «nd of the States? There were now nine you where tbe German element of the foreign vote Is.;awake for that. CApplause.] Mr. Chass examined the if any one had asked him, " Watchman, what of tbe refused to deliver rutitives from justice, who were im- LAs, a most excellent and estimable laly, to be chances of success of the Fusionists,and pronounced night ?" he would have answered, " Ail's well, bright pUcated In the John Brown raid ; [ Shame, shame ;"] sure, is a member of the Catiiolic Church, and wor-stood firm, like tbe solid of the men on these subjects. [Applause.] Mr. Clat seemed to States which had made it penal for a slave-who, when brickbats were thro wn him aiw ays on duty, like a soldier on thehe saw ^ound him battlements,owner to seek to recover a fugitive slave. The Indiana,,at thenf, never broke ranks were too wile with shouldered arms. .After the ofthey compromise li^iM,vember, lUO, Mr. Clat had made a speech exclaimingCity of Washington. That tact is a sulBelaittbe I^aws;" and he would be a member of thatHe Itnew Giaarr Satra was an honestat that time inoffensivepart of the South to adopt ex reme measures? He be- not interiere with the of others, the ckaaceKentucky and married the daughter of an old Kentucky Indianing at the slake. He had himself run the guantietcltzens of New-Yorx opposed to the elec- an ong the Indians, and he would rather run that rial aid was flowing like water in the rural districts. Arkansas,depend the fate of the country, [.^.pplause.] He advised him to speak in GinniNO^ District, and so he plurality. would not detain them with a speech, but would gave liim a tiottle of brandy and sent him North.Beepin the Free States, ailS said that no respectable Re- CooHss, of Kentucky.Gen. Coombs was received with a storm ofproperly lie oividel f The great questions of divisions had been settied. Wehad thefr A CITTTING AFFAIB.but I wasthirty millions. Then the States were isolated, se- Slavery in the South. This speech is regarded by pol-qoestered, and unsocial, and all east of the Alleghany iticians here as expressive of the views of Mr. Lia-Moantains—now they extended from the At- ccui.laatle to the PacUc, with canals, and rail- Gentlemen who arrived this afternoon from Rich-soads, and telegraphs. Parties were then or- mond report the impression as general there tliat Vir-ganized with reference to existing exigencies, ginia will vote for Bill. In Richmond, the feeling is down-town was going up when he was going down, send its slaves here to compete with wbiteiabor.w ere no longer divided upon the great questions, and The pleasantness of th^no existed hut this meetingquestion of Slavery agitated mainly by the RepublG en in tiiecans of the North. The agitators ot the South would placesoon be silenced. [Applause.] The everlasting boro', Nelvillx Hskbebsoii, son of the editor of tbe theme was negro, and crocodile tears were Dimocratic paper, and a Mr. Fabhbk, a iieli man,with theOn motion of Mr. Gcist a list of Vice-Presidents(Roars of laughter and loud cheers.] Mr. Sswabd w as a pale man, "and he would just advise them never to try to drink down a pale man. CLaughter.] Mr. SiWAan had said that Slavery must be atwlisbed,proceedorganizationof themeeting.and Virginia proceed. He finally proceeded with his speech, as and secured the extension of Slavery twenty years.and several minutes before he could plause, elapsedfollows:As to Sxwabd's irrepressible conflct, i[nApplause.] it nonsense. they Kentucky thought Ttiree-fourths ofwas somewhat dissenting ques—tion harrasslng maired py an untoward circumstance wiiich had tak-SFBXca OF our. leblik coombs.Two resiaent- of Murfrees-up-;gone.tbe voters of Kentucky were non-slaveholders, and He had something to say which no one else could they had had three chances to make State Constitu-morning.hadtiecntogetherdriuidug. Perha]tstheyhaddrank a great deal too much. In the course of trieir conver- .^ation politics were dij-cu.-sed, and by fome words of- fence was given. Farher walked u'lf qi.ickly, when hLNLXKbuN drew a revolver and shot a: him lie hadwas abolished, the South wouldand all up-town going down when he was going up. And, as Mr. Lihcols'b State would not admit free ne-hands off, non-intervention. LetSlaveryaloneeverywhere. [Applause.] Stand by the doctrine that the people of the territoriesto bepoint gettinglookingjustand the bowels left fr^m the bo ought all to know that it this perpetual agitation. Let them have peace, and protruding ry.WtoenHe wouldspeak in the country .where they didn't know so much[Laughter.] Theywas ridiculous to talk of separating capital ind laborI lelt the town deatii had not but it resulted,spontaneously bestowed upon liim the He was a natural Whighe was in favor of fusion, and had lieen South fighting plause.] Thealone. some of these parties with whom he was now allied. The remedy was with New-York, who bathed oneOct.hind from Europe. Six of tlie original States were Ashland Artillery—numbering about SOO men alto- American citizens. [Applause.] Until these clouds Ail New-York had to do was to be true to herself, anl The "tinkle-tinkle party," of Tennessee, almost As the time of the Presidential electkmpast i23, IMO.those op[.o8cd to him do not relax much in their efforts.Thoughbnndred years. Lands could be ptircliaMd cheaper in an hour later it would have been difficult to find a He tiad not been sowing devil's seed along tbe North, ing to the polls. [Loud applause and laughter.] of Pennsylvania's vote struck rank, file and leaders elevated to tlie Chief Magistracy of our Union, stillclosure in which the ox, 890 weighingpounds,wasand there£»q., called the meeting to order, and Vice-chancellor W«i. T. Maooaa was called to the temper the'umes, or oouid not Chafr. He briefly addressed the meeting, predicting athroughout IJaryland, appear regalvanisedL.Republican triumph.RicuAXS C. MoCotiacK, Esq., read a list of Vice-Presidents and Secretaries, wUch was adopted, and thenMaup,plugging themof success in the election of a Congres.'-man. He paid a high tribute to Hon. LitTBxation paiised twice tiirougha little to the"prospectClat had endured at thatdence with Mr. Clat. He held a copy of one of Mr.Clat's letters in Ms hand, and he would read ao ex-tiBctfromit,whichhehopedthetakedown correctly infthelr notes, of his Kentucky Democrat and a national man. [Applause.] The Murtreesboro', in Rutherford County,was chosen asheaded by bandsshow. There was considerable shouting and demoa-; by-and-by—for he was a friend of ills, and if a man and it would be as easy for a planet to disarrange thebeen the Immediatewith excellent orderas many as could squeeze themselves in as-sembled in the Wigwam, where, at 3 o'clock, R. While the traitors had been lioring holes in our na- Uilon. [Laughjer.]devil could he take liberties with?one of these States to effect a dissolution of theAt the conclusion of the General's speech he was on my chosen route toward tills spot.greeted with rousing and prolonged cheers, amid w hich he retired.He had re- fiimied Yasoxt, and if \abcit ever went toit, allowC.He WHS glad to hear that there was every prospect ofsurc«-s. Th<-30,0C0 votesmt n. That town has long been noted for the ampleishness,insistedonreplacingthembynegroes. It omhi^it; .""^lP*°Pleunderstoodthattherewasoaf qcuoenstirounctwieonreonfotalslettlseordt.?theonf,itpwaortuileds—leadtotlie sitHioen.wasHelehaaddymtoadaeddtuhcisefactstosupporthisproapnod- pisrosvaisd,ioannidtaIlwaysmakestflioartpaotlintoicalgathoefrtihnegsS.tale inridgeDemocarsatchye,whoseshouldersarecbarmoead,boroI«ok at tbe issues titoae Democrats tendered.They20,000 orThe letter was datedswelltheprocession,^tthe uniformsdeclared tbemselve* in favor of removing the Indians,Congresswas thenUniondanger.the^laceaad with an Inooosisteney that proved their self-'"'r^d that aU would come up the^r ?Pnr?t'? '?*"'" «*"«' wiU in the electionthev would overthrow speedUyVoicy-NotIt isBrecl^ofnot"^e[|i''''jwhich he would read an eitijctDec.yet,a thousand times, to leave tlie Indians ak»e, and take care of tJiem, titan harass the countryabout tlie African. To avert the calaik-country heart,patriotic work imposed upon everygeograph- of foreign and domestic concern was subservientannouncement before,thejudge Uuly. placebe convened, aweresuch Ir^^^'^V''^^peo- supportingtbenaUonalcandidate. ["No.of Tennessee can alarger meetingCustom-houseInstrumentalities.Invidioust)etter,^"^ Repuffioih Party had S^hSi nlB^rt country with -^ 'honest platftrm, andattempt to frightenCompro- felt that sustained the repu-throughwith this• Wes wtiich the Demoi;raticThe ConRr^J'' V^^i^r"'^""woulfie'be'"a'o.^'crytheplatform. *at least I, Includ- and exclusive for be it understoodhad settled on, the Reput^an Party was formed, and Its formation was *>e ta an exigency wiiich required of all men who bad **« interests of the at to arouse ^em-selves and do the**I*en of the confederacy by a dangerous conditionwas^t^,^?^'^TM'^ *"i mand^es M^ p./.c/hang some of them. fLaughterand the Southern States applause.] ceive the warnings of those who, like him, saw the and "Giant-killers" of tiie North,Partycan President andcheatlniapublic aiiBlrs. Mr. BiyiAMD proceeded to speak of by a majority of aU the votes cast-had an adminlstra-Cabtcs, the Republican candidatefor the District.[Applause] Hecould,atthesametime, asa speakofenthusiasm. WhatlielKd to materiallywas the factwere gratuitously presented to those who wore them.couldin this State, and yet elect Mr. LlH-Feb. 5, ISJU, and in the midst of theRepublican Partyspareriflerateddiscussion of the Missouri restriction, and thatlftbacom^bef^^fc'iTM-. S.IXid^ce^fti"""''" ,"""»"Ponfinermade or a finer barliecue be ar- up,personsalsoassertthatagoodlrnumberofBellandEverett supporters, including several Douglas boys,and asprinkUng of Lincolnites, Insinuated themselvee" "into the Volunteer's ranks, in order to proctire an—tlx-v hart h,A „we had a Presideift by the name of Asnasw Jacksos. It seemed as if they liad heard ofhimthe Union which had to proved equalelerted Mr. Pou, ind afer hetheir faces against him bl^a^^'''h'e^,i'";>„ "?l^" Little Giants,'ctita thewho was electedthough, be it rememfiered, he'^a compromise. He had a letter from Mr. Clat on this occasion, fromP?o-Slavery byAnd the frouble was settled againbyproud old ship of State in danger. If he came to point parade weU-drilled mHltarycompanies, bearing thevery large nlur^m;'allow us was a great strug- safety, should be not rather have credit for an hones) their slaves to be present at political gatheringsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wmIt was datedout the danger, and lead them, if possible, to a port of armsand<»r,munir.oaofUie S»leand they;le,1S33,and stated that "bejprespeech. " thatreporters wouldstrarioDswas inAical parties, [applause,]—and that every other subject had been charged with anfor the first the Bell grand mass meeting ofat all.IV'fi.J"^ .•;?. Ithinted " Uncle Sam," a kind relative ofall t xpenses. trappings in question quietiyon the samdhim in a coimtry where they might tiave had a littleit, andwouldwith. He was tiimseif a slaveholder, and believed itMr. StwABC badspokenplatformwithfightingtopreservepreserve It,didn't, ifSlaveryt remedy why,[Ap-and Ohio by the waistband, and stand bywhile men. Heto be In bis section. right[Laughter.] He was really liewUdered with the numlier gioe!), they would send New- York 150,000 niggers as shall regulate their own in.'iUtuilons in their own been :alliing with. Theball hit a pa^.s^ r-oy, wound- the share of Illinois. [Laughter and applau^] Mr. wav. [Applause.] Were not the people the best him in the hand. I'hus aiLackel, I'asmba turnedof people who appeared to be doing nothing. Ani yet SiWABD's speeches in the West, and in the/rienate, juries? "rhal was his platform. [Applause and ingthey were ail doing something. Every man appeared appeared to have been compiled from an encyclopae- cheers for Docor.An and the L'nli)n.] Let t.lem look at[Laughter.]as they did here. [Laughter.] He was no office- [Applause.] Mr. Sewabd talked of doing iiway with When Mr. Johbsok had concluded, Mr. Hblme de. at liberty.seeker. He would not accept the best office the Presi- dent could give him. [Applause.] The people ofthe aimy and navy, but thatwas riJiculous.\Yet Mr.clined to speak, and the meeting adjourned. P0UTIC8 U TENNESSEE.Asn would after Lincoln waselerted.keep CaptainTheie would not be so much danger if Ltkcoln wouldGraadBiorc—Condition of Parties—Ootrmg;e onIhe Repnbllcau IIead-qaArter»—^oaihoia Seadment.From Onr Own Correspondent."United we stand, divided we fall."^i- continues to iueraase. parties and factions have pretty generallr made up thefr minds that Ati»»ii«i« Libcolb will bewould Kentucky,be a voice like' an earthquake which wasallthemmissioned from HmaT Clat to do his present work. that the lateness of the hour ought to prevent his are to make a grand effort to convert the Douglasltes, lamt.s nassed through various prominent streets iaThis r .wly-forped Assoda-torch-right procession. in tbeHeknewwhatMr. hadwas oftime, from special correspon- most momentous consequence to tills country. He to that place to reply to the LitUe Giant," who speaksintomise bad settled this froublesome Question. The no."] He he was making thi« announcement ranged. Yesterday's proceedingsprocessionnext trouble was in 1633, when the South took lu to a people. who were strangers to fear, and he would tation of the people. There must have beenHeanewthatMr.Clat's pleturn in kicking oat of harness. [Laughter.] Then not dishonor them with such an effort. He appealed five thousand wliite people upon the grounto that question."Untitled Documentfor every hour of peril.to that loveEternal," if they did'nt obey the laws be would would bail the trusty pilot, so should the people re- that In Ueu of Uie WIde-Awakes,"can be the Wide-Awakes," or Bell and Everett "Minute Men." I am nawUUng, however, to suppose so unkind a nwson[Concluded Eighth Ptge.^[Great applaoae.] He was determined that, before. [Langhter.3of some seven hundred negroes "outfit, "whfish,slight ""bytheAs thetempest-tossedmariner;The canvass presenttnemeetingof music, and made anstjoare. ImpoMogsteod before them a national man and a Democrat.there o< the 24lh frisL THEB^LLMEKTIKOATMtmFBEESBOBO'.w ACBABAH LlSCCLlf.sayanyState wuiild regard tbe elec-aad speaker* tookA Veici—He will not ti^elected.; thatafree Is negroto heHe would rather see that resuli than hear tell of it elected Vice-President of the United States and ;thatdissolution i.f the Union for theelection of Mr. Likcolb. [Applause.] He could not ment of the blacks.[Applause] If Mr. L»o«lii sliouM be eiecied the! All If intends to march the LiBcoLit, elected,Thethere was a large body of men who did believe that the stands (there beli« a speaker at each of tbe threeauobe lie disturbance of the Union, Tbe 8«quence of Uiose doctrines was thenegro, and the American wliiie man. The doctrinemeant that, if It meant anything, and he was a hypo-crite who denied it. [Applause.] In bis country was thebie to the highest office In the nation, and any man ment. He went the entiretodestroylu IftheNorthwouldsubmitUwouldbeists of New-York ?Slavery.Aye,dragon'sliansas being lost, he was willing to rest underlaw in direct meaning thefr'procetsion yestertiay good-humored,imposing,Otelieved thatanappealforaSouthernConventiontoformaSouth- haobeenthefr continued increa^e of numtieTSCooper I^titate—aeterlaUeaadHanoroaaSpeechofGea. AVoicx—HaveyouseenLmoolsinKentuckylate- penses. Howeasywouldit beforafewdaringmen under it the South had got aU they couldUnder the auspices of tbe Cooper Institute Com- South was not likely to colonize in New- England. So LiKCOLH would cost this country $$00,000,000 in the party to the "you tickle me and 1 11 tii-kre vuu " gamemittee of Fifteen, headed by Josbda J. Hxbst, Esq.,this language meant that the South was to be made depreciation of property. What would stocks be which amajorityof the other Bell orators areplaying He spoke oi Dulolis as the another fusion meeting was held at Cooper Institute 1H8. He would not tread upon any one's toes, for he the two sections? Were the.' e fearful results to take man respon^iDle for the recommencement of SlaveryBIr. Yancey and the Tlce-Prealdency-The last evening, and although the hall was not filled, the fcund tiimseif here in strange company. [Laughter.]Lecamptan Comititatlon—An Exposition of Mr. Lincoln's Tlews> &c.ty go to ihe winds. [Great applause.] Letthem be sublimely superior to It. lor what in the election of 1832. was a miserable party friumph if purchased ptrpleSpecial Dispatch to tbe New-Tork Times., Washixoton, Wednesday, Oct. 24.made a that speech wishing— speeches and the enthusiasm were alike worthy of trying to mend the matter. Gen. Ntb was there heof the Democratic Paity and the insfructions of thenote.At ffo'cloek Mr. Wiison G. Hcmt called the meet- to the united Democrats and Abolitiouists, and then aby to the conservative men of the country. If they were ^liim. Hedeniedihat it was a practical question, and men let them strike for thefr alt^irs. [Loud proceeded to sho•w thai Uiose wno are most loud In Republican requiring it and nU the rights of the South," areto order and nominated EnwASS Coopia for Chair- man.perfectionist clergymanall the friends of Slavery would be driven within a waJled place, and nre and brimstone scat- tered over them. [Laughter andI'hen Mr. Sckkkb raid Slavery tnust die as a p.is-cheers.] Where were the bloated Republican capital- those who have no Interest in ForWell, at Utica, in 1848, they had one of tbe doctorswlionad been carrying the bag for Mr. SiwAan all*3he ductrine of protection was next referred tothrough the West. [Laughter.] Nte made a speechat the price of our country. [Applause.] He appealed,ejectionand the result that they will c<»trol theas upon by section long of the Democratic Party as a mere design of partisan as he coulrl. [Applause.] The South did not inter- men to rile into power upon the preju-Jices ot Sooth- fere with the North, and did not wish to be interfered em men. As to voting for the can lidatcs uf such alet agitators be overwhelmed by lar condemnationverdict of popu- [Applause.]frig eight politico-mUltary companies,with sported"/ amongalterations,if therecommencement to bis close, or be, but by a single shout of applaose.,isprevailed.as an and avowed figtiringgivenpersonsto lie an evil, but who, guid'ed bv conscience, wouldDouglasuniied.In cone usicn he paid a brief tribute to the worth ofwhen he closedfor dinner, he brought himself to a [leriod, and his au- dience, 88 the auuitors of the other speakers had al-;but as it was after the hour longsetBaltimobe, Tuesday,the fewwho believedas weU with regard to numbers as Inwaa C. M. bwww.fultonhistory.comSM„tu^m^ 