 Vsatisfied. Meanwhile, Mr. Winter's John Thomas The Pope ought to confine his attention to his is probably far on his way to Louisville. But spiritual duties, and let the Italians have a gov- the fact remains that a man hasbeen kidnapped ernment of thHr own choice? but who bolieveBA number of South Carolina and Georgia without theknowledge or connivance of United Russia wascrowded back from the Danubeand Mr. Grayson announces that " natural rightsand send it to some widely-circulating newspaper, Charleston Mercury stating their intention to re-fti^w^i'tt ''• •"'Untitled Document•.•.'.''•"'•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.;:;i;I jever is intended fbrinsettion must b e authenticated bv the name and address o f t h e writer—rrot-neoessarUy for publioa- I tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.9 Gwnoa Cd*»to tttRfataMtaprtlMt •^•k<iv.«bjg|gg^g[ Businessletters »hould to allcases be addressed toTUB Nsw-. YORK TBIBUBB.that Louis Napoleon foresees everything, directs;I\PBOVV'*BaowWsBno**T'» SKOCSOM. BaowaTi TTMOKSB. Bao'ins's.»•*I btww proved thorn excellent for WKOO?IX*> Cocao."A serious fire occurred at Laconia, N.H., on part o f t h e place, including t h e Cerra Gordo.latter event 'should prove well founded, and he dare not protect the Pope in the possession of promptness in this matter at the coming session. inward feelings too delicious to be described. can retain power until the advent of a new Ad.IiNOTICE.—LEAKY & Co.'s Suewssore, HUNT & Georgia Legislature have passed a bill calling a T>T!«Jt.HmjK-r, havinar had about 300 of their fine fashionable DRKSStion in Hungary. Louis Napoleon h a s beenwidely reproached for his bad faith in not keep- existing, he would have attempted to construct was vouchsafed, but who still went on originat- there are opposed to any disunion movement ing Italy where she was left by theTreaty of the system from Bible history, or to prevent to ing andsustaining Slavery in themost extensive until -some unconstitutional act has been com-rtFURS, FURS, FURS, at Wholesale prices, at inst. TheKingofSardiniahadenteredNaplesoncerely regretted and sought to obstruct the march neither afford to send his own legions to dra-». iVthe late proceedings in Itnly of his " ffYj (jour to avenge a political defeat. It overshoots tho "sen" aforesaid, it is certain" that he could not submitted by the Convention.to a fair vote of the nantly. " Therefore," ho might have, added,BOSTON. Wednesday, Nov. '^I,18<W. ThemachineshopoftheNauinkeagCottonFactorywandestroyedbyfirela*.tnight. O,C.Smith,L macliuist, susUdued a loss of $8,000; uo hxeurauo^f-recently owned by a Mr.Winter of Louisville, Ky., was sent by hismaster to an agent in Ev-ings and find himself well on lus way to MunichOr Jerusalem.after arriving at these comfortable, conclusions, amount of theproperty which they left behind, and which heBttBinxse jRTotinttr*.« Buows's BRONCHIAL TROCHES.parties;andtheofficerseleoted receivedcertifi-; "purse,and,going tothemarket,J-shallbuy" all, the black men that T can—jtf'at to siu>w that " ffitC^^g^^^^^. ; n f a poor; $»|«1; b u - " man being, j n a state of Nature."But if Mr. Grayson has no confidence Jn Na- admi88ion is unexceptionable; only in so far as j ture, it will be asked what is there that hohas confidence. in ? W e c a n answer that ques-someofitsorganswouldhavenabelieve.A tm' "* *'-T1K*<*\*>.\ •THE LATEST NEWS,mscEtvujy BY MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.•\d M o r gtmr+n* of the Thr-xU, Relitzt th« Hack- . -mfCom<rhinC<m**mpfion. BrvnchitU A*tX-bearing of the French Emperor with regard to the Wn notice bt" b e taken o f AnOnymous Communioationa. What- .become so thoroughly rooted-in t h e public mindM MCo***** *>'rrtrv>ftoffes****/give trrertyt/i'•..-•'••jJ ' ••i .. TO CORRESPONDENTS.>man. In form and substance this application forJtCirtmxjc traxxxas AXD I H H I M .its constituting Kansas a Free State is calculated othermanwouldbe regardedasproof ofimpe-r tbmakeitoffensive. Butwehopethat"thetime'0 Jfa*r saw aeMmwM o f u . * jn ~.«uinv o i o&cckinf•••>-J* **".«everything, decrees everything, that what in Any,t ••'•S 3 w f e j , •UmrPulmonary and Broo«Wi4ft«tt«*W»- . , utBm«w»|«*^» -T* a spedfe),b*«r ««•*>nwon*B* "T>W e cannot undertake t o return rejected Communications.Gustav Lindenmuller, cemvicted of violating theI'Vom Wattliin£lon. •*f4vW ASHINGTON, Wednesday, Nov. 21, I8r)&. iTHE RESIGNATION OFMIRAMON.The Government has received no information tiondoesnotappear,becauseitcannot. Louis sufficiently prolonged? Whycontinueto.,make •'"tions"inawetblanket; he«mMtihi»,"in- exceptthat containedinthepublicdispatchaalNapoleon is' no longer arbiter of Europe. His trouble about a matter which can never be ^stinctive sentiments" to sleep, as a good Chris- nouncing Miramon's resignation and RoblesYtm* changed? W e hope that the Republican side of tian should; and then having bought a.Bibleaud cession to the Presidency of Mexico. If ^ d•rywUi^wr." K.P.WtttWU «l«e**nm««i «*•*•**»• ^ ^ E . H. CKAFTW.•»"' Jtor.ftjRfXTWA*i>B/KCnTO. -jklio^IiMtMt n ^ f t o U w dirtre-lng labor of«*Contain noOplom oranything injuria*." Dr. A. A. HATXS,is irrevocable; and it must be, sooner or later, in Slavery. Hethrows his " natural sensibilities" was yesterday sentenced by Judge Gould to pay' their prepossessions. Still, the expected revela- quietly acquiesced in. Has the struggle not been out of the window; he wraps his "natural emo-ker,WheelerVWilson.Agentswanted.•VKRNONStCo., No.469 Broadway.Now WITHIN REACH OF ALL, GROVER &, B A -xxv's CxucnKATxo NO>»K*.K-(B KAMII.Y .Sawixe-MAcnixK?.J*rk+* **taU%*h<d jor tevm year*.-$40 a*l upward.No. 495 BROAOWAT, New.York.TBBiCHARLESFRODSHAMWATCH.THTXAWT k. Co., No. 550 Broadway,Sole ApenU in New-York.Pers^ne wiahtog t o procure this ao<it reliable pocket time- piece, tbe celebrated WATCHIndorsed b y the British Admiralty,Distinguished by the first awards of the London and Paris Ex-position*,And more recently by the Graud Russian Medal of Honor,Can onlybesureofagenuinearticle by purchasingatthe above-named authorized depot.WHAT TODO.—Upon thefirstfeelingofpain,ing his power and lowering his prestige in Eu-agedtoletMr.Vailknowhiswhereabouts,andonTuesdaythatgentlemansawhimthereiuthe dureit,forhisholdonVenetia andtheQuadri-LibraryMessenger. Mr.Graysonisoneofthe benefit,buttocallgeneralattentiontothedis-profound* »t and least intelligible gentlemen of hisXTHV&SLW*NOVEMBER 22, 1860.ers appointed b y t h e Constitutional Convention-— progress of events in Italy. The impression has the Governor of the [ Territory being its Chair-' Chrmi*tt Botton.44 A ffimpto and pleasant combination for CocOHa, House, the Post-Onice, tw o newspaper offices,He reads the Book of Genesis and is enraptured.on the House bill to a vote on its merits. L e t He studies the curse on Canaan, and is the hap- between the tw o Governments can be satisfacto.M Bcau-ficial in Bxoarcuma."Dr. J. K. W . LAS*.Boston.ally. He dare not.side .openly with VictorEmanuel and a united, independent Italy; jfor diate admission, of Kansas w as one of the planks " eludes Abolitionism," he refrains from those committed itself to the Juarez concern, while *U"Ben«flHaI wbea from COLD."andthesentenced—thelatter t o t h e Penitentiary.Sing, distinDr. O. F. BIOKIAVW, Boston,and thetelegraph office.SBTwo notorious ticket swindlers, James En right and John Gordon, who have eluded the grasp of justice for many years, were convicted in the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday,all amendments be treated as intended for em -"ROY.H.W. WAMHW;Button.compelled t o speak, Buffering Rer. S.J.P. Axomsox,->.St. Lonttr.T»oc«r«a. *ZJTKCTCAX. In remorlsg Hoarseness and Irrita- gni8hed character, Billy Mulligan, whose name3xo*mrition of tb« Throat, ao common with SPXAKXRS and Trofeaaor M. STACT Jomraox, 'fha- Grange, Go..Toachor o f Mnale, Southern Female College.is synonymous with cowardly assaults upon u n -wary people, w a s convicted, after t e n monthsear of the Senate.A N K W PIOLOSOPlTtr.The tendency of a certain class of Southernwriters seems to be to muddle themselves withPeter and Paul under his protection. Standing Mr. Weller will accept theMexican mission,forwith ono foot upon the Rock of Reason, and the the satisfaction of being removed in March.other upon the Rock of Revelation, he defies There is no practical inducement for him. to go,•TnooBiea.^delay, of a felonious attack upon a policeman, and toip, as ther prerent Hoamene—• From their pant committed to the Tombs to await his sentence.. " 0-rr«t benefit wben taken before and after preanh- T^ocuxs. eft«et Xtbizik they ^ H b e o f permaoent advantage t oB a o v s * !everything and everybody to disturb his center, of gravity. But what, it may be asked, is Mr. Grayson doing with "Reason?" What does heThe i| ftan)C«' Trythe • ~tf hewillT•VktdfijtiteufjT!.»' Oft ae<Rev. E .Rowucr. A. M.,. ,.... Fretident of Athen/B Collei^e. Tenn.. TkootoNL-j SoldbyaBDntfgi«UatTWBMTT-VXVSCKSTBABox..FALL AXD WnmER.after Mr. McLane's failure.THE NORTH-WEST LAND SPECULATIONS.When he repealed Natural Law,he also repealed they bad faith enough in the North-West to ISlavery,beingofDivineoriginandtheresultofdi-rect revelation, is so utterly repugnant to the unre- Reason, so that one of his colossal legs has al- enter, largely into tho land speculations of ihat §generate man that he must be argued into its ready slipped from under him, and he is left region, believing it offered a better field forBxowjfsNotwithstanding the secession furor of Mcssm.jt^-though of small aeeount in Paris, to-day holdsallbutunanimouslytomakeLouisNapoleonPresident, whereby he was enabled to make him- Ofall»i2e«andpatterns,constantlyouhandandforsaleonthe selfEmperor. Andwhen.hewadedthroughallowed to come to a'Tote in the Senate at all.Thomas Jefferson, and Of Benjamin 'Franklin, State of Georgia, a respectable man was mobbed, menced operation* in KaiiKta Jijgum by hanging andJt es*» be thoroughly ai>d satisfactorily explained to any ono m fifteenminutes.A.*S.MAXVI.VX.Co.,S<«)eManufacturer*,CM! favorable tern**.HERNIA OR RUPTURE CURJ:D.A- S. M. St Co.Carnage and perjury to his despot's throne,Succ*Mixori« t o STKARNH St MARVIM, No. 335 Broadway, cor. Worth-at.. N. Y .tory of over 101),000 souls. Are American citi- ture Man had nothing, was nothing, could do correspondent told us in his letter that under zens,tothisnumber,whohavecompliedwith nothing.Hewasfree,tobesure,inanatural thenewsystemabouttobeestablished,"thanks every condition requisite to entitle them, to the: ptate; but he.was therefore exceedingly unhappy " to our peculiar institution, which you hold inSeveral days ajro, letter* were received from iv.spoii Bible sources, addressed to the proper.authority, stating t, that Capt. Montgomery has a force of probably five*P hundred men, with plenty of arms, ammunition, andP.i KOI AR and FIKH-PKOOX SAX3«. (Wilder*s Patent.),-•' WHITS'* PATXNT I,KVKK'TKH< U radically different inprinciplesxdactionfromanyinime.1st XAHJXM TO/nt. PAPATTIRXWATPLBAISUKX. 2d. M«WT rowxxKrr. OR WKAKXKT«-ONTRIU.I.>«I».3d.CoWHIBXO1BWAKOABOUVWARDALTKRKl'. 4th. N o pad on the bnck or under pre«4iire.. . 6th. Does notwork outof plnce, is cleanly.Sth. Tbecovereanbewaxhedut-pteMOTe..7tb. Isaelf-acttog,durable,andeasytoweitr. '.Bole propTietom, ORKUOR\ St Co., No. 2 i Bond-st. Pamphlets gratis.the Clergy and their Ultramontane disciples right of sovereignty as a State, to be dented th;it and dreadfully degraded. It'Hs astonishing what " such holy horror, ye deluded men of the North ! other material aid, andthat from time to time warlikewerehismostprompt,unanimous,enthusiasticright,withouttheslightestshowofreasonor agrudgeGraysonhasagainstNature.Wemight"weoftheSouthwillhavenothing.tofearsupplieshavebeeureceivedbyhimfromtheNorth.be Wii, from his dogged and cruel hostility, if it "from the popular turmoil, extravagance, and The writers also say that the demand to adjourn the ofsome915,000entitlesanyStateoftheUnionto werenotforhisbrilliantpamphlet,toinferthat "confusion,leadingtolicense,endinginari- hindsaleswouldberesortedtoasamerepretextforman applauded his most tyrannical edicts—such The only htintediato p«:n-reliever for Burns, as-,,'that.'of chaining the Press abjectly to thetion properly formed and ratified, is that it Man existed, we do not know, and we are equally its evils as is possible; but certainly the pecu- Gov. Medary has recently communicated some im-l^POt.No.50Courtlandt- »<., N4^-YoSk. TPri.;e25and50ceuts.tylva.uianmust know, a Uw-uiddrng people."• V t ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^ ' -The State Caavasserr*. AI.KANY, Wednesday, Nov. 21, IStfO.T.IftAWimloR's IlUR DYE?—Reliable,- hannles»«"SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.- Everybody should b«ve a bott!e."-fTribuu«. Xverynoajsu EVXRTWHXRB." ble standard of truth," says Grayson. " I find" ture," says Grayson. " I find I very often deliver us over to the' tender mercies of a mob voles on the Electoral ticket; bui the returns frotnManufacturedbyH.C.« ^ t . f c ^ No.48Cedarst. Post-Olbce address, BoxNo. 3.8W. » JfcFlRKLITKiKTfcENTHSfKJWlT.—At11O'clocktllifi laoriiingafireoccurredinanlabloiuThirteenthetwee, j»*r Avenue B. Vumuga tuning,.•••'••<& A , '/^vffe'; . i •• •*--•• y'«F-Httesfai'r .£>'-J.w- - -' »*•• •-*•••:,<••-!•';.• •if 2':2'V',*L.''P',<si^i«#(»«*r; "•v^ -^--. v'•••-•Sunday lawagainst theatrical representations, afineof$250. Thecasewillbeappealed.everythingistobecloarcdupinaccordancewikhformert o . Sing AnotherWe continue the publication of documents, lot- tery, & c , relating to the sectional movement at theSouth. Gov.Letcher hasissued a letter in reply to one ridiculing Secession, in which the Governor says Virginia wjiil act as mediator— and an armed mediator, if necessary—in thecheap metaphysics, and to flounder in a sloughot dubious dialectics, This social system of mean when he says, " I appeal to Reason ?." Toombs, Orr, Boyce, and other tropical patriots,catastrophe for months if not years. AustriathelarsjeatajMK»traentofFAI.I.andWijrrmCLOTIUVO,KTTK- presentcrisis.Hesayshehasbeentenderedarmstotheteeth;sodoesFrance;yetneithertheirconclusionsfirst,andthenwanderuponaFer tbe beat out. beat made, beat fitting, fashionable, taaty, andju«Miso Gooxvs, and CHILOXXS'S CLOTHIXO, and at prices leaa titan at any other eatabUahment, go toButifSlavery,doingviolencetoNaturalLaw, ofthemisreadyforagreatwar;andanew wasexplicitlyestablishedbythelawofMosesTbm largest store in the city.F. B. BALDWIJI'S,No*. 70 and 72 Bowery.Arkansas, states that three-fourtha o f t h e peopleHAT* slightly injnied b y Mnoke from the recent fire at the Astor House, haveset th*< name a>!de to be sold at a redaction in price of $ 2 per Hat, for a few days only, at No*. 3, 4 and 5 A*tor House.State Convention.it is clear, if w e admit the Dartmouth theology,he did not manumit his Helots, what could heCALEB CUSHING AND THE SUPREME COURT.. %tRomagna into rulersRUSSIAN and HUDSON B A Y SABLE FURS, atOS»IS'B, No. 513 Broadway.The steamer Palestine, with ono day later Eu-ropean , intelligence, arrived at Portland yester-day afternoon; H er latest dates are of the 9th of Revolution beyond the Alps; but he couldduced in all its power and purity unless human been no Divine Revelation to [the 8emi-barbarous is thought the President ought now to conferbondage be simultaneously introduced; because Greek,^commanding him to enslave the victim of upon him the vacant Judgeship of the SupremeGod has just as much at heart the enslavement war; and therefore Greek Shivery was without Court, which was measurably promised him forofblacksasthesalvationofwhites,andthere- theDivinesanction. How,then,didit'exist?By hisservicesasPresidentoftheDemocraticCon-fore the whites cannot be saved unless the blacks the law ofNature ? Then it was altogether wicked. vention. Judgo Black is his principal competi.are at thesame time enslaved. And this condi- From this we infer that only Christian nations tor,' for whom the President desires to maketion is themore vital in the Lord theology,be- have the right to hold slaves. Hence it follows provision before his retirement. The ladiesofcause it is of direct commandment from the be- that Greek and Roman Slavery was sinful; that Charleston are preparing a testimonial to Mr,ginning, while purity, temperance, charity, and Cushing, which is very proper, considering he slaveholding is a, sin n o w in Constantinople a n dmonogamywere notpreached until thecomingof Morocco; andthat a manmust bea memberof spoke andvoted against tbeadmission of Arkan-1 Christ, about four thousand years after the crea- the Christian Church in order to be a consistent sas because of ita Constitution . recognizingQmiftu'n. No. S13 Broadway. CHILDREN'S FURS retailed atWholesale prices,OKWI.I'S, NO.513Broadway.MINK FURS, retailed atWholesale prices, at. GsaJiN's, No. 513 Broadway.WATCHES AND JEWELRY,At reduced prices; also. . SlJ.YKR AJ»I» FLATJSD WAXB.TAXIS FAWS, CARD C.\sas, PORTXOJWAIXS, Sec, k c SIXVITR W ARK TOR WKDDINO PRKSKJJTH.For «ale by the snb«criber. at much leas than the usoal priees.the 7th inst., in company with Garibaldi. Greatfestivities took place on the occasion. It issaid that the dissolution of the Pope's army ispositive, a n d that h e .will have only a guard of3,000 men left to him. The British Legion atNaples were dwindling away on account of thedisgraceful conduct of its members. Therewasa rumor that a treaty of peace with China hadbeen signed a t Tein-tsin,- b u t i t w a s doubted. Fine Gold Hunting Csse EnglM! Patent Lever, full jeweled, The Prince of Wales had not arrived, but twol&caiat cases, $80: »*ual price $100.Fine Gold HnnHntt Case Patent Le*er, foil jeweled, 14-earateaMMt, $70; nxual prut- # WV,FineGoldUuntinicLepiueAVATCHKS.4holesjeweled,18-cs.ral wereseenoffPortland onthe8thinst. Theree****, $25; unual prii •• $36.' Fine Gold Hunting Ca»e, Detached Lever, full jeweled, 18- was but little inquiry for breadstuffs at weakgoonTuscanysubmissionKine Gold Hwnting Cji*«t Knj<!i^li Patent Lever WATCHBS, ToH leweled. 18-carat rr.tti, *8fi: nnnsl price $110.tion, a n d about nineteen hundred years after Abraham flogged his first negro. Hence, having made man,jthe Creator immediately turned His attentiontomakinghimaslave; andif.Hehad failed in this—we make the supposition without irreverence, forthepurposeof the/argument—, slaveholder. Commending this to the next Synod South, whenever and wherever it may meet, w e take our leave of Mr. Grayson, wishing him all man- ner of prosperity and a little less logic. •.Slavery.the command of 200 Virginian*. All the Banks in Richmond and Petersburg have suspended specie payments.The Bank Presidents of Baltimore have alsoresolved to suspend specie payments. Theretrograde search for their premises. Thus it isvessels, Kupposed to be the Hero and Ariadne,The Virginia banks were glad of a pretext for suspension, andhence seized upon thepanic Their notes fell ten per cent here to-day. It itearatcases,$30;u»ualprice$42. prices.!. Consols,:'.:$3f<®93.i, formoneyandac- toriestobewrestedfromhimbyinvadingarmies, Watches taken in nxebange. Watch«M cl<*anfd andcepaired inGENERAL NOTICE.—Tho Archbishop of New- not improbable now that the outside pressurethebe*tmannerbytbefinestworkmen,andattin-lowegtprices. count. Gao. C. Axxxx. Importer of Watches and Jewejry, N o. 415whiletheFrench garrisonlookson,curiousbutliemusthavefailedinthewhole projected sal- YorkTegretstbenecessityofannouncingthatitininipo««ibl<jfor will compel thoseinthisDistrictandMaryland him to attend to the busiueus which letters from a distance wouldvation and civilization of man; so that if Abra- impose upon him. These letters come from different countries to follow suit. T h e South Carolina banks wereBroadway, one door below Canal-»t. (formerly No. 11 Wall-st)WHEELER & WILSON'SSlfKI.tU-MACUINK*.Orwox, No. 505 BROAnwAT/Nxw-YoRx. 'Increaaed facilltie» for manufacturing, a n d t h e curtailment o !Etisatlon expens«s consequent upon rwc**nt dnciaion* ofthocontent. If the Pope had a few more such A curious fugitive slave case hasjust cometo. scrupulous champions, such protecting armies,he—•„. it *Ignited Statea Courts, confirming the validity of the Wheeler St ansville, Ind., by whoin he w as shipped as a The present complications cannot last. VictorSlavery appears to Dr. Lord tobe exceedingly beautiful; and he proceeds, with polemic.fervor and sanctified zeal, t o c u t off from t h e comforts, ofChristianityallwhodonotreceivetheGospel according to John C. Calhoun.should inquire into and have regulated forthe benefit of tbe'.rsur viving relatives. I n other coses, a s i t has happened lately, i nlongsThe object of this notice is to signify, once for all, that he can- not attend t o such matters, a n d that t h e writers o f such letters may not deem it any disrespect if he ha^s nottime evt'n to ac- knowledge thereceipt of them. -_• '•WHson Manufacturing Company** patent*, enable this Company steward on a boat plying up and down the Ohio,to furniah their Sewing-Machinea, with important .improve-ments,atgreatlyredncedprices. ThesuperiorityoftheseMa* hiswagesinuringtothebenefitofWinter. JohnEmanuel's recent vast acquisitions ai'e b u t frost- work,,whilethopropercapital ofhis Kingdomchine* for fiuaully useand mauulactuxes to -ho same range of Thomas, tiring of his task, betook himself to remains in the hands of his most embittered ene*porpose and material is attested by tens of thousands usingthem, and the moderato prices at which they are now ««ld Canadt't. aud thence came to New-York, wheremies. Evidently, he must have all Italy or hecannot hope to retain three-fourths of it. LouisNapoleon cannot abide the existing condition,which steadily alienates a n d embitters millions onThe Catholic papers of theUnited States arid of Great Britain Among the disciples of this eminent the-* and Ireland will confer a favor by giving this notice at least oneinsertion in their respectivejournals. ologian and philosopher, w e must now New-York Octave of All Saints, 18C0.-plaoe them within thereach ol all, and obviate all exenae for tampering with those inferior and low-priced Machines which bare s o moch prejudiced the Sewing-Machine Buatoesa.he engaged with Mr: Vail, in Broadway, as porter, serving him for some months. On Monday night, by some unexplained means, John Thomas w a sthorizeConventions, itwillbewithaviewofa " papers," wepublish the above notby request general Southern Conference, and for the pur-jgpftP ARKER SEWING-MACHINE.$40. taken to the Grand Jury room in Chambersmillions of Ms subjects, and is palpably diminish- sissippi, yhose discursions upon. Slavery are1Rapid and noiselesn. Under patent of Howe. Grovor & Ba- street, by some unknown personage. H e man-XIKST-CUASS DOCBIJC TURK.!*).08e of voting down any such scheme there.THEPRESIDENT'SPOSITION.some information o r other desirable thing advan- ing, that t h e doctrine w a s unconstitutional. H« tageous to yourself or to those in whose behalf now dislikes to swallow his own medicine. If ? you write. Many a man in this City has hundreds these tw o members believe Georgia aud Missi*§sippi in earnest they will bolt.Mr. Floyd has no idea of participating m anycustody of some one,whoexhibited a powerofattorney from Winter to recover and return thefugacious John Thomas. M r . Vail on.Tuesday gotawritofhabeascorpus,whichMarshalmustbeafreshresettlementoftheconceded Ryndcrs yesterday responded to by producing intreatise,rights of Nations and.of dynasties; and how that court the body of a John Thomas, colored man. is to be made without first fighting, wo cannot This J . T ., however, was'another person, who had perceive. Austria ought to sell Venetia to Victor been in jail as a witness in a murder case since Emanuel) but she seldom consults the dictates of Marchlast. TheJudgedecidedthatthewritwas policy when they conflict. with those of pride.from refutation.to demonstrate the Theory of Gravitation; it re- of these impertinent and obtrusive letters inflictedculty is removed. How much severe itiokness, how many lives, States court-room, and carried out of the State of the1 humiliating Treaty of Paris, wherebymontane,a si t sadversariessneeringlydesignatehalf the peasantry and more than half the. ruralSince that time, a census has been taken iiiofficials—whichshowsapopulationintheTerri- ture,whereastheGraysontheoryisthatbyna-prevailingexcitement. Andyetourrespected duringthemonthofDecember.supporters. *'Our very dear son iu Christ "Jesus,"wastheaffectionatecharacterizationstainedthiefofaNation'sRights;andnoFrench-andthatallthathasever yetbeen insistedonScalds, Wounds, or Contusions i* Iloi.ix>vrAY'it BAI^AMI'C OIBT- footstool of his throne—more frantically than theMBBT. Its power for exrtogulshtog pain is ahnost a* instantano-ons s*it» healing propeitie* are marvelous. ** never r«il*. Catholic party. / / Univcrs, the able and thorough-. J should possess that number of inhabitants. T h eportant particulars relative to Capt. Montgomery's re- ported alarming movements.OrderswillbeforthwithdispatchedorderingtheUnited States troops hi Kansa* to such points aa maydoso.withouttheexpresspermissionofLouispeople,andratified bythem. Theelectionfor'•whenNaturetellsmothatitiswrongtohold;•mark,wearcsure,insupposingthatitsNorth- ernreaderswilljustifythisspirit. TheDetuo-Villafranca: but. how could h e ? With Austria,be the duty of the Church to "establish it; while way? If a poor Spartan had been asked why mitted justifiying resistance.heEmanuel and Garibaldi that any invasion of t h e Pope's dominions would b e promptly r e - sisted by his garrison of Rome, cooperating with the army of Lamoriciere; and this the Pope would seem to have had reason to expect. It seems absurd to keep an army in Rome ostensi- bly to protect the Pope and uphold his temporal authority, yet permit three-fourths of his terri-mighthave donew a st o warnVictorrope.FinaJUy,theAustrainKaisercannoten-lateral is butfrail, while thecost of his inevita- ble armaments is constantly plunging him deeper and. deeper down th e abyss of bankruptcy- There* Naturalwho denies that tho-shortest distance from point to point i» a straight lino who is the safest-seu may benuite certain that some natural outlet of the body isIn some way obstructed. Take at once a done of BKA.VDRBTH'XPIVLS. and persevere for some days, if necessary, until the diffi- in the streets of New-York, confined in a United that he will 1 Czar Alexander wants a revision spect, like Sir Isaac. Scorning all other civilians give you what you want. If it is informationliiipiisps^^^ '^T^^^^-^^P^^^':. •••-<*-,.•,. g ••- •,..• ,'• • -%S5^NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY NOVEMBER 22, I860 I'g-'ifejp".;•»!,• BMS—MBSMSSNapoleon, a n d highly probable that h e would HotStateofficerswasparticipatedinbybothpolitical "slaves,I shall immediatelypuimoneyin<rny craticparty7of-tbeNorthisnothalf so-bftdg.b e a l l o w e d t o d o 8 0 a t a l l . ••••,•The civilized world i s puzzled b y t h e recent cates o f their election from a Board of. Canvass-ham had never owned a slave, weshould never inEurope.'andfrom differentpartsofthe UnitedStates,solicit- ing, politely, that of his charity b e would find out the residence light in this city. John Thomas, a colored man, would probably wake up one of these fine morn-, have had the New Testament at all. Of course, of"persons entirely unknown to him; or,in other cases, the his- tory nndcircumstances oftheir death;or,inothercases,tbedoomed t b e moment t h e revolution began, thoughthey n o wbrought about by their reckless politicians in alarming t h e public mind, a n d impairing confi- dence as an attempt of New-York to coerce thea into submission.NORTH CAROLINA A N D LOUISIANA.The Legislatures of North Carolina and Louisi- ana will make no movement looking to cobperi* ion with South Carolina now, and if they au-would b e saved, if thia adviire were faithfully followed. KXAKI>XXTit•*Ptixs.25cent*perbox,withdirection*,at No.394Canal-st.,-andNo.4Union-oquare,New-York..~CmNA, GLASS, CHANDELIERS, PLATED GOODSfee., at a great rednction for cash.W e arr*dot>?r:iiincd to veil, and will make it an object tor thosewho»•L-htbbuy.E. V. HACOHWOUT St Co., Nos. 488, 490 and 492 Broadway, cor. Broome-st. •BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUS isthebestandcheapest i4the "Vicar of Christ!" Such are theterms, life in it but a little longer. On all hands, the teemed a tolerable state paper in its day,and for your ignorance or your needs. The Archbishop W ASHINGTON, Wednesday, Nov. 21, 1860. article for Dressing. Beautifying. Clean-tog, Cnrl-sig, Pre»c.rving rather energetic than flattering, in which an Irish portents of commotion and change.arc unmistak- many years it did enjoy uncommon respect; but speaks for himself only, and speaks to the point; The Postmaster-General to-day "ordered the prepa-C- !i ^od'nee thutn before purchasing- Paninhlets gratLt.tStatesMarshals,Deputies,Commissioners,Dis- trict-Attorneys, or Judges.compelledtodisarmontheBlackSea;and,if "naturaljusticearefalseterms"—that"theDe-he be but patient, he will not have to wait long forhisopportunity.'TheOttomanEmpireisin the very last stages o f decrepitude a n d dissolu-Prelate addresses hisImperial Majesty Napoleon III. TheCatholic prelateB of Prance uselan- guage, more circumlocutory and polite, as French manners would dictate; but the difference is purely verbal. The alienation of the Catholic party of France and of Europe from Louis Na-able; and we shall be disappointed if the yearabout to open does not witness great and san-guinary convulsions. H e n c e t h e premonitory.in-dications of a general Panic are not'-.irrational. ric: Caleb, Cushing buried it under twenty tuns fully to heart. ,cent, stamp in justa position with the three cent stamp fis complete,a n dapparentlyfinal. ThatTheseenvelope*willbeorderedbothruledand«n-ritlcd. •.••••• .-' ..•_^_IN 1861.poleonhe h a s cajoled, deceived, a n d betrayed t h e Pope,to the ruin of his political power, is felt and re- under the Wyandot Constitution ! Our readers "respect to rights in the social state, back to the city or subjected him to a coat of tar and'before it for the admisaion-rof Kansas as a State'' ings of the Declaration of Independence, with mansion up town, and compelled him to leave " the writings of David Hume and Voltaire and feathers, on account of his long and unsparing"TOWER CLOCKS, KKGUI*ATORS, AND OFFICE adherent. And the Catholic"•party—the Ultra- Representatives quite early in the'last sessionof "the French encyclopedists generally." The sin letter iu favor of Secession in TITE TuruuNE of The Government but*just l**en officially inft*ruiedC10OCX9—the most accurate thneke*>p^r« in the world. • Si'XKRV « Co., No. 497 Broadw.i'ay.DERBY'S COMBINATION BANK LOCK.(Patented May 18. 18W.)Tbe strongest, simplest, and mo»t durable Locx in the world. gentry of France in its ranks. This party votedCongress, by over sixty majority; butwas not of: these gentlemen, and of John Adams, of, Tuesday. Butonly the other day, in his native- that Capt. Montgomery ;u>dbancompanyhave com-tion with much satisfaction. He has confidence foroppositiontoKansasonthisgroundisgone inChristianity,andinthose''supernaturalman- SpecialDispatchtoTheK.Y.Tribtmo.tence and vacillation in him, excites only per-plexity and an uneasy impatience to see just how by. Whatever may happen, this is a thing which "festations of Divine Wisdom!" which he finds•Italian policy drifts with the tide, because that a black man,hejoinstheChurch, and experiences Tuesday night, destroying nearly all the business tide is too strong to be stemmed by him. He- the Senate Chamber, at least, will act withhis entire domain; for that would expose him Let every effort be made to bring the questionto the intense and active hatred of nine-tenths of piest man in. the world except. Dr. Lord. H eministration, an accommodation of the questions,the Italians, and of the party: of progress gener-rily adjusted. This is not practicable, however barrassments to defeat the measure. The imme- looks into the gospel, and finding that it "ex- with the present dynasty, which has,di»WBcayJthat would place him in still more open antagon- ism with the Church and with the,other great European despotisms. S o h e rides' uneasily a t anchor, because h e knows n o t whither t o set sail —and dares not launch boldly forth upon seas of unknown breadth and of certain peril.This suspense may be broken at any moment?we think i t will b e broken next Spring, thoughthat does not seem Ao certain, to ue as if evi-dently docs to the great majority of. Europeanpublicists. True, a cannon-shot on the Minciomay at any moment disturb the echoes-of allChristendom; butthebankruptcy ofAustria,thevacillations of Prussia, ihe coldness if not pecu-niary inability of Russia, may postpone theforeign Governments have heretofore recognizedof the Republican platform in the recent can- objections which ho would otherwise have ad-vass; and the result of the election is a popular vanced, and accords to the Bible the certificate Miramon as the regular President in possession verdict on the subject. The country has de- of his entire approbation. Helearns that " Christ, (f the capital and archives."through inspired Apostles, legislated for th emanded theadmission of Kansas at once. Let THE MEXICAN MISSION.the voice of the country not fall unheeded on the " regulation, of,Slavery," and he therefore takes As all outfits are abolished, it is doubtful ifstanding upon oneleg—the legof Revelation.Rev. Dr. Lord had not found Slavery alreadytheTthr <xedediacceptance by prosy pamphleteers, who make -investment than their own States.ARKANSAS. Boya!Judge Greenwood, Commissioner of Indiaa war in Italy is likely to be a signal for insurrec- not in the nature of things to suppose that if the and the Law.of Christiany, what becomes of Affairs, who hasjust returned from a trip throughHand France mutually bound to let Italy alone,herunitaryreconstructionwasinevitable.Itis thatslave-tradersarethetruemissionaries,and haveanswered?Moses,wefancy,wasofbuthighly probable that the French despot has sin- that the Christian religion can nowhere be intro- little authority in the Spartan Courts. There had vessel at Charleston to hoist the Palmetto flag, ita n d expelled,t h o detestedtodays, nor to let Austria do it. Whattheir" o fothernumber Mr..W.S.Grayson ofBenton, Mis- brought to us by a late number of. The Southern—AsTHETRIBUNEisnotoneof"theCatholic of Archbishop Hughes, nor particularly for hisaehiMij;a n dh i sPro-Slaveryintituled Contradistin-4* gniahed,"a n d h a sMoral againPhilosophyconvincedu so fI tquires no head whatever to assert thai/ Newton onhim everyyear—most ofthem bypersonswhorequiredincalculablegeniusnow i t may be regarded as the most thoroughly- but w e trust the whole innumerable tribe of refuted document in history; Calhoun trampled information-seekers, autograph-hunters, & c , will upon it; Choate scorched it with red-hot rheto- give his request a general application and take itration of envelopes embossed with a one cent stamp from a newly executed die representing the headof Franklin to he used for circulars and drop letters.letter envelopes will ahso be prepared with a oneof cyclopedias; and now the Benton (Miss.)Phi- I losopher has disinterred it to doit new dishonor.to facilitate the necessary prepayment o." thecaxriera fee on letters taken from L*mip-not*t boxew or other stations in cities to the Post office for traoasjiortatioti by mail. •We have not heard that any Vigilance Com- •WhatwilltheSenatedowiththebillnowIHesays; "I.think-1amabletotracetheteach- mitteehasyetvisitedMr.W.W.MannathisKAIS8AN I N T H E HKNATJB.was, that, instigated by David Hume and the and with difficulty saved from lynching, for a killing their opponent*, and thrxnitenino; to compel an Kansas by Federal authority—through Democratic Devil, they asserted that Man had rights by na- few words questioning the expediency of the adjournment of the land sales advertised to uike'.placejustice *? Letit notbe forgotten that a populationunder which Pope Pius addressed the blood a Representative in Congress, under existing laws; Nature had done him an injury in stinting his al- " archy, which are inevitably before you." W elowance of brains., A s for the Natural M an, certainly hope that the new Southern Republic by th e most strenuous, .with regard to a new Grayson holdH him in profound contempt. A t will enjoy all the .blessings which can dignify State applying for admission, with a Constitu- what time in the world's history this Natural and ennoble human society, and be as free fromraising an armed force, and that the real object of thU lawless organization is a raid, first on the frontiers of Missouri, and then on Arkansas and the western border,.' to avenge tin: punishment of Abolition emissaries.ignorant, of his personal appearance, his avoca- liarities of.its early: stages do not seem to justify "THE r^rEREOSCOPlCKMPORIUM, Wholesale,and-goingUitrainontaneorganinParis;especially presentpopulationofKansasislargerthanwas tions,hisdress,andhisdiet. Hehad,however, thecheeringanticipationsofitsadvocate.' ^ ^ ^ o V ^ ^ l ^ T 7 ^ ^ ^ materia approvedthePressfetters; andL'UniterswasthatofanyStateoftheUnionatthetimeofits(see. Grayson), " a l l the bad propensities of ouradmission,except,perhaps,CaliforniaandMiitne "race"—hewasnobetterthanabrute—his "Thr,.V<:nv.*\jlvoi)iandoeswronginadvisingthecitizensoffitlystifledbythemindueseason.TheGazette " T H E GRKATEsnTDlfCOVERY ()!•'TtlB AGE.—L>r. de LVOH, the latest oracle of Ultramontanism,TOB^JVVXBXTIABL.BIHKBT,forthecureof fy^^T' hasin.likemannerbeensnuffedoutbyhimonationofFloridaatthistime;althoughthelatter"ties."ButleavingtheNaturalMan,Mr.Gray-Pi-DUiyhauiansupposes,itwouldbowrongtoattemptacure propertymenaced,iucludiugPortScoit. by hanping. That remedy i» not iu vogue for insanity, llexide-;for amateurs and the tn*<fa. ^___lJ .-benecessarylortheprotectionoftheLandOfficersin sofa?/and almost twice as great as the popula- "-human feelings" were mere "animal sensibili- Kow-Vork t« either send THI:TjttiBt'KK editor to the luuatio the perfoi mance of their duty as well as the publicson proceedsonce 'more to assault Nature with years. The/present application of Kansas is open all his might. " I look upon*Nature as a falli-we don't hang men hero to lunmiii-posts We are, as'TAe JP</m-has been a State of the Union for fee last fifteen to no objections of a technical or legal nature,charge of coutumaey. To-day, the CatholicChurch in France, a nominally Catholic country,ha*! not n tithe; of the privileges it enjoys in thisUnmri, where religion is free and the Catholicsscarcely more than a tithe o f t h e population:indeed, if the Pope wished to set before the tion was held by authority of.an actof. the "slide into vice and immorality when I give heed is fraught with the slightest danger. It is a Ncw-x\>rk andseveral other counties nothavingbeen. W e are not at all apprehensive that this cun- such as were urged^ against those which pre- " that I very often do right when I stifle Na- ning suggestion of The Journal of Commerce to>ceded it T h e Wyandot Constitutional Conven-pretty: strong, evidence, however, of the moansproved.by'theGovernor.TheConstitutionwas "noconfidence'inNature,"saysGrayson,indig-thatpaperwouldbegladtoseeresortedtohiorderTlie^uumkea^CottottVuctoryFire.French people his grievances and his views of Legislative Assembly of the Territory, duly aip- " to Nature," Bays Grayson. " I have, therefore,received, they adjourned uutil to-moriow.those nations t o whom neither Scripture nor L a wcourtesy,, the injustice, the positive indecency, ofthe prevalent and growing habit of thrusting is fully sustained by all the Cabinet but Messrs. one'sselfupontheattention of.some,utter stranger Cobb andThompson, though his arguments are through a letter which hasno other objectnor substantially those used by Mr. Cobb in 1851,painfully theiuvumerabilityofabsurdity.Itisthemanpretenseofobject,thantosecureathisexpensewhenhemaintained,withunanswerablereason-waswrong;andthomanwhoshoulddosowould mustknowbetterandoughttodobetter. Itis findnoonewiseenoughtocontendwithhimfor noexcuseforsuchrudenessthatyouknowno totheSouthCarolinamovement.amoment. Mr.W.S.Graysonis,inthisre- oneelse,evenbyname,whoWouldbelikelytoand casting despite upon all other philosophers, that you a r e after, Write a brief advertisement, officeholders here have published a card in Theinclosingadollarwithit,and.settingforthclearly signonthe4thofMarch. Thisisacheapway the address to which answers are. invited, and of making a virtue of necessity. W h y not go youwillbe"prettysuretoobtainwhatyouseek. now,whenthoseStatesaresummoningtheirab-%" claration of Independence is a infidel produc-"tion,"andthat "itmanifestlyconfoundsnatural"freedom with moral obligation." Alas! the At all events, do not bore utter strangers, w ho sent sons ? .NKUKOPE"Robber! take your, clutch off the throat of tion; Western Europe can.keep the mockery of poor Declaration of Independence! It waBes- have doubtless quite enough to do already, with To theAssociated Press.and Restoring the Hair. Ladies, try it. bold by DruggieCATARACT WASHING-MACUINE.The best ever ii»vented. No KVMRIMWand tiO WliAR.SCU-JVAK At HYATT, N o . 4D4, Broadway.CURE FOR HERNIA OR RUPTURE, &.CWHITR'S PATBXT LKVXR Tnpjta. WHJTK'O P A TXNT LKVXR TKUHS. ^Vu^T^t's PATKNT LKVXX Scin-OKTRR. WHITX'S PATXNT LKVKR SUPHOKTXK.' Are made upon a new p-inciple. Are made upon a nuw prtouiple.AndIs Jr»T WHAT IS.WANTXO.HVesIi Trouble* i n KaiuaH.GfcK«oRV St Co., Sole Proprioton,, No. 25 Boad-t't. sented wherever the Roman See has a devoted will remember that this bill passed the House of WASHINGTON, Wednesday, Nov. 21, 1-S6U iRKjluni, orhang him on a lamp-post, if he is amaniac, as TA.-_^_InasmuchasCalebCushingtelegraphedtohiiBANKS SUSPENSIONS.denouncet h emonetarystringencyThe, President's position in regard to secessionruptureforanabstraction,andisopenlyopposedCHEAP PATRIOTISM.The State Canvassers methere to-day to canvasstin..•..-'.. ••"'-'' '- •• • ;' •  