 \^ JI Georgia. If ho succeeds as well in that business as he has done in conducting t-he affairs of the United States Treasury, the new Southern \ Con- federacy will be hopelessly broken down in about sixty daysfrom thepresent date.JSicMtoixe'a PATUXT CHAKPIOX SAPV. purchased from y o n a f«*wyr+r* nine*, ba* j>i«t j>a»*ed through the fire which destroyed our•toreonthenightofthe21»thint.,anduponopeningitwefind ofthelongcareerof•theDemocraticparty! •11 OQTbook*, paper* and money in .an good a state o f preserva-tion M when pat in the safe, not a sign offir»>on thorn, although After thirty years of almost uninterrupted pos- it w»» not (tot ont for fifty-eight honrs after the firo commenced."We can chew-folly recommend your aafea as being all theyclaimtobe—theCfiampionSafeoftheWorld.^ O R R j>Aim Tmmm, fishermen, whom he soundly berates for the tri-fling amount paid them in the shape of bounties, of which the motive is well known to have beenMOMMY; PEOEMBEK ia, im>allow these outrages to continue by shifting the state his case, what could he WJ&vmxicB* $fottrc0. FIFTY-EIGHT HOURS IN THEFIRB !HitRKiNw't. 8A?K TRKCHAMPION !CHICAGO, Nor.24,I860.He***. HMIXIXO & Co. 0*-iitJrni«-n:Itgive"usgreatpleasureto informyou thatth©responsibility from one to the other 1^Tfce r . goctbjndcpei the' Co^ zci of Ootoi^l Itfjfbl''•• Vietorij civil wj#»rncyfirewi ] of thA •jnenoi;^t>est mi m M - lion fO. K. FCIXKK & Co.Hbaauat&* PATXXT CHAMPION SAPKS. the most reliableand Treasury exhausted. It certainly is high timeFrom, the shipowners and merchants, Mr. Toombs passes to the manufacturers, represent- ingourtariffs,pastandpresent,assomanycon- trivances to rob the South, as though the South, in steadiness of supply and ultimate reduction of price, through domestic competition, h a d n o t beenonthe3dinst.,bytheReverendChaplain,Mr. clarethatthere wasnomoreharminelecting Stockton, who, with the pious and pleonastic1 Mr. Lincoln than in opposing the admission ofteryEmperor;"opinionsa r eporfe<%tI/freof • j| 1perfeet protection from fire now known, cau bo purchased only Of the subscribers,. . HxRxixootCo.,No. 251 Broadway, corner of Murray-st.,New-York. KARKKLC, HKKKINO it Co.,t o ttaJLT RSTAII,newspapers. Nobodies w h o were- once Some-cated, emerge with their little sheets of advice, Texas was rendered tolerable to many, who at•rbeopreparingitforsuchpurposes. ForsalebyDruggist*andGrocersgenerally.equalityoftheSouth....ItwastheNorthern Jery,thequestionarises,whyhasnotMr.Con-onthe26thult.,insteadofwalking aboutcon-, goldweresaidtobepotentinfanningthefiresbravethemadnessofthehour;andaveryintel- ligentandinfluentialSecessionistassuresusthat,ai . . . — — •GAS FIXTURES, &C,. ,ito defend himself and his section as against the machinations of the Abolitionists.it, and were not at all knocked down by its the Union and of Self-Government. , W o recol- shouldnotMr.Law,whodidthesameeight originality. Wehadreadtoomanyjustlikeit lectparticularlyanextract(pretended)fromTUHXKRJ.VG AtCo.. HXXBINO it Co.,Philadelphia.New-Orleans.broughtt h ecountry intoi t spresentcondition.what renewed energy Prof. Trapier might again tackle to the Evidences of Christianity, and how calmly he would sleep o'nights, with his " pard-ent Emperor h a s brought h is voting machinery to nearly equal perfection; but our "Southern "brethren" are a step ahead even of him. TbeyChicago.* 1.000 reward i* still offered to any person who can prove that a. Hmni-sft'ii PATXJTT CHAMPION SAPK over failed to preserve itscontents in an accidental fire.MISSES!, BOYS', AND INFANTS'HATS and CAPS, in great variety and elegant styles, at lowost price*, to suit the present season.THOMAS RxTNoi.ru,No. 303 Canol-st., three door* w©*t of Rroadvay.N o. 6 MAIDEN-LANE,POX THITT PAYS ONLT, ' WHOLKAALN STOCK O POREKT ANCB8.prosperityo fthe" ner" by his side, and his progeny arranged in are producing*an absolute unanimity in favor ofKANCT GOOD*.TOMXS SON it MKLTAINK,in Europe, with his slave, without molestation, vate life, giving private views of public affairs or violating the law . H e might go thero, no confidentially communicated to be printed in theors and journalists, North and South, have been pected of lacking dovotion to the "peculiar in- teadily asserting and reiterating that Great Brit- "stitution." Thus w e hear that an eminentain impelled by the ruin of her West Indies popular teacher of Astronomy came near be- hrough the Emancipation of their slaves was in- ing lynched lately in Louisiana for oppos-;HA'i8poel«Mr. Coxnnthorizi'-^ notes ft : Pcpar:.:i years,B remain!I .last sw^o plain it) t aa a t4>in the expo MorruTimeans <•Con; Hitintin*>a to be ten It is sn'.c teno*.Cafrfc. rano;:n, of theamong tl 'ni;;The i* election tlOUK tocotton ! Would h OpenedMr. ih> the pr<that *and .t'l fcatmen. v> nc ,into n vcWhole » queues•, upon -.No pur Commissi , der Stafcare roaki any prec Tepre-.^nASH tempt V*until : hap»not eerted wiAccoi presentabove H\ menls r rolled• Mr.S patrick, the' reeedemn«d respects diate. seAir. J:Iftanslup and hi* change t hyMr.] order 01 mittee.Mr. B and:it1 promiscijustinVd and <*ha Theseo'l *poiU « imendingAn aw, reset;'.ftPugh, l>i comproin gaged aMr. .1 politic^Thereside {<•> ] defiiiiti'Vi questionraised < lookingA «•** ii Baliuno sow' ei beretoftNear!Con.auMr. tl: not '"e bcr rt- still a' are a^"An « ielesa1 yrioHj meinbttemV iail.u\lluher-Attention is respectfully called to the advertise-meat in the auction column, of the largesaleof CHINA AND GLASSWAKK,on manufacturer*' account, b yBXOWNX k NJCHOX«.CONCENTRATED LEAVEN.bases his Secessionist principles upon the action he stands greatly in need. of the very first Congress that ever m et underthe Federal Constitution. .After all,it is notthe Abolitionists, if we are to believe Mr.and sweetly imagine themselves to be Somebodies again.Gov. Houston of Texas is in danger of being- first revolted [against it by assurances that British lynched by the Fire-Eaters of that State for notOXOROK H . BATXS, Wholesale Agent,No. 183 Pearl-st.CATARACT WASHING-MACHINE.The beat ever invented.N o ROBBINO and NO WXAB.SvLLIVAN it HYATT, NO. 49-i Broadway.use, at. the Battery, is to be enjoined and com- pelled to ' undo all that he has done, whyAccording to M r. Toombs, the unfor- years ago, also be brought up with a round tunate Southerners have been ' from . the turn ? True, the Controller fenced in the en-templating the looms and the self-acting mules, of Republicanism, and sundry extracts (forged of of ink in writing a private letter, to be printed red organs, exulting over the anticipated successin The Constitution newspaper. W e have read of the Republicans.as insuring the overthrow ofState with polite curiosity, yet Senator Dougia*, should he attempt to speak there, could not be protected from violence. So we see by the Nevr- Orleans papers that Arthur Robinson, a journey- man printer of that city, has been arrested,STXPHXN PHitnxy, No. TOTBroadway,Offer* for Sale, a i RjsnrcxD PKICBS, a splendid Assortment o fGAJI FIXTTXKS.before, to be severely smitten. W e can give the London Morning Chronicle, which assorted thatprescription for these Union-saving letters. Here Monarchy could not be safe in Europe till Dem- charged with Abolition proclivities, and willPlvmbing and Gas Fitting attondod to ai uxual, at No. 331 \\h- people. It would seem from his version •t., and No. 3 Actor House, Barclay-st.SQUIRE & LANDERmdl RSAL Oou> JKWKI.KT and EXQUMH STRXLINO SILVKRWAKR 5percent,andDJAXO.N:>S10percent loosthananyotherhouse Is theCity. No.97Fulton-st.,near William.A CHRISTMAS PRESENT.WHXXLRX it WILSON'S SKwiNO-MAcniNX, UITX1XPOXTANTIMPnOVX.MKNTS,ATXICI>l'CXl>rRICK», will prove the most acceptable present that can bo oflered to alady during the ChristmasHolidays.OiEce, No. 50T» Broadway, New-Y ork.tion and the Federal Government have never beenand ruin—appnlling—price of stocks shaken—wise moderation— .gates of the Staten Island Ferry, so that the flag, Bsttarsaand stripes—blood and durknosa—madneua rules theNow WITHIN REACH OF ALL, GROVER <fe B A -XMK'n CXLKBXATXO NOISKLKSS FAXILT SxwiNO-M.iCUZNKS. "they have steadily pursued that policy to thisbut Law could deal with New-York, in regard rage the dictates of hospitality by refusing to party which, to the best of his ability, he hadPriemcitabiistudfor sevenyean.$•10 and upward. No.495BKOADWAT,New.York."Tho Mayor delegated one o f his oHicers to see this man and hi* toherferries,,ashedoes?Wouldanyoneelse served.verybadly,butwhichdoesnotlikethatcatchandreturn.thefugitiveslavesofthefamilyaboardofa.steamboat,uponwhichhowasshippodtoand insUntaneou*; Black or Brown. Factory, No. 81 Barclay-This,andtheotherslightadvantagesgivenby our laws to American ships, but most of which, under treaty stipulations, a r e now , dispensed with, had for their end ho national advantageand influential among them have been laid before have-besought people to understand that howling our readers. They differ, of course; but not oneX-8oMandappU^datbATCHKI-OK'SWigFactory,16Bond-rt.RICH GOODS FOR THE HOLIDAYS.A. C . BaKKDicr*!* (>T.D STAND.Estublished at No. 28 Bowery. ii\ 1818.We begin to despair. For a long time weA splendid assortment of WATCHK* and CHAINS, JK'WELKV, SU.VKX and PIATKD WARX, inc.one oftheriiholdso u t awelcoming,encouragingbut What was thought then, and is pretty gener- Bo\n Agent forLocis KioiAxn's Extra-tine Ruby-JeweledLK- ally thought now, by all whose heads are nothave advised the political Heraclitus, over and hand to the Fire-Eaters. So far from having in- over again, to wipe his weeping eyes, to putup trigued' and hoped for Secession, it is plain thathis everlasting pocket-handkerchief, and nottO the most of tbem have not believed, and do nottake it out again, except to blow his nose. TheAll good*at very low piicei', and warranted as represented.Vans,averydesirableWATCHfoTthoxewhosobu^inea*require PXXPPCT TIMK.A. C B-xNKDie-r, No. 28-Bowery.' HOUSE FURNISHING GOODSAT PANIC PXICXS. OurusualSouthernSalesbavin*inagreatmeasurebeenstop-ped by reason of the present political troubles we are prepared to #€for for CASK$100,000 WORTH opCHINA, GLASS WARK, SII.VKR PLATXO Goons, CKA.NI>KUKK.«,BKONZXS, CLOCKS and FANCT GOOD*.At prices heretofore unknown in this market.abletothetreasury ?of New-York did, and L a w succeeded in doing, with their astistance, what he never could haveWe Invite an immediate examination of our goods and prices. E. V. IIAUOHWOUT 4CCo.,it. They feel insulted by the assumption that theywould, wink at tho revival of the African Slave- ntheattitudeofprayerJ Would notanypa-Tradeinthehopeofthereby savingacentperient of the least spirit contrive to kick with his- pound on their cotton; they scout the idea of uninjuredlegawayfromhisbedsidesuchanin- Europeanacquiescenceintheabsorptionof•he immortal Declaration of American Indepen- dence. If our correspondent has anything to sayinconfutation ofthatdoctrine,weshallbeappy to hear him. Briefly—weknownorightinheringinanjrtheymayfindInHoeTKTTKK'jtB'TTICKS—amedicinethatcannot anyenactmentofCongress.NoristhisNorth- be taken regularly without giving vitality and elasticity to theXystem. A t this season, particularly, the strongest man i» not ern industry of ship-building, which so much proof against the malaria, in certain sections o f t h e country. I nhand for six months; but that official has not yet taken the first step toward sustaining the rights of the tax-payers.In course of time, finding it to his interest to close the Peck-slip Ferry, Law does it as coollyMexico and Central America by the Fire-eaters in order to increase the supply and reduce theState as a State to secede from the Federalall case*of FeverandAitiie. thePi'.terainmorepotent thanany amount o f quinine, while the most dangerous cases o f Bilious Fever yield in its wonderful properties. Tho*e -who have t.'ied tho medicine will never use another for any of the ailments which the HOSTXTTXR BITTKK* profess to subdue. To tho*e who have not made the.experiment. we cordially recommend an early application t o th«- Bitters, whenever they are stricken b y dutease*ofthedigestiveorgans.Soldbydruggistsanddealersgenerallyeverywhere.FROZEN G A S METERS.To prevent this annoyance have your MKTKSS atonce filled withthoPATK.NTNON-FKKUZINGFLVJO.SoldonlyatNo.592 JJroadway. Callandexamineit.. «JSJMONDAY, DECEMBER 10, I860.TO CORRESPOSDF.KTS.Jlo ttotica can b» taken of AnonymousCommunication*. What- everUintendedforinsertionmustbeauthenticatedbythe nameandaddressofthewriter—notnecessarilyforpublica- tion,but**•guarantyforhi*goodfaith.Business letter* should in all case* be addreaied to Tax Nxw- YOXX TXIBTTXX.WecannotundertaketoreturnrejectedCommunications.T*> A d r e r t i * c r * .Alimitednumberofadvertisementswillbere- ceived for insertion in T H E XKXBUKE ALMANAC for 1861. Price, $7J per page. Addressdrouth whicli prevailed in Kansas throughout the " their business, and should come out of thoir late growing season, will be held in the great "pockets instead of a common treasury;" Such hall of the Cooper Institute on Wednesday even- is the gratitude of M r. Toombs for the great fa-Union; we do not' think a single State can weu*THE TIUBLWE, Xew-York. 'Ameetinginbehalfofthethousandsnowsuf-to quietly appropriate to himself. First in order "andlessenthedangersofnavigatingourrivers. istheBatteryPier,south ofPierNo.1Eastspecimen of-the Rev. Paul's style:. " I verily be- "lieve,"sayshe,"thecausewearethusaboutexertions to break up the Union and swamp theand involving questions now in process of solu- .put out all the lights, sink the light ships, and tion, vital to the unity of the Republic. M r. tumble the light houses iuto the sea. Suppose Black sees no legal way in which the territory they cut the buoys adrift and allow the channelscf a State can be entered by armed Fed era of their harbors and rivers to fill up and becom forces except in aid of the regular Federal officers obstructed. Suppose they pull down the marin. an the State. And where these have ceased to exist, hospitals, made especial'/;' necessary by the yelamd their places cannot be filled, Federal troops low fever and other epidemic disorders to which thoi «5an have no mission or pL-ice therein except by climate is subject. O r suppose tisat by any coutri invitation o f the State authorities. T h e authority vance they would impose the support; o f these estab- to enforce the collection of the revenue heas- lishments on the ships frequenting their harborsDerts to be the unquestionable prerogative of the Yet who, after all, would pay in the end? Th Cteneral Government, after secession as well as more expensive it became to visit a Southern Jbefore, and until Congress shall remit its control port, whether.owing to greater risks, or heaviosubsequently broke down, and which ho has could he manufacture. He accordingly deputed —This is a first-rate idea, and wo take the can swallow "a rumor" that Mr. Lincoln has liberty of suggesting Robert Toombs as tho most since run, owing nearly a year's reut upon it to the Rev. Henry Dana. Ward to do him that been telegraphing to Jeff. Davis and assuring him proper person for King. It is true that M r .the city; the other, to South Seventh street, friendly office. The Rev. Henry Dana Ward that he is preparing a letter that will " give Rhett in South Carolina and Mr. Jefl*. Davisiot Williamsburgh,.he has run for two years, with- attempts the soothing system. " Cheer up, brother " entire satisfaction to the South," must be Mississippi may think they have claims to theout lease, and of course free of rent. All of "Trapier," says the excellent Ward; "cheer capable of buying the moon at so much per pound , urple equal to those of tho great revolutionist these franchises and gifts he got through the Com- "up, and try the Supreme Court!" " Again, I as green cheese, calculating that ho is to make of Georgia, but tho matter might be compromised mon Council, in direct violation of the Charter "say," he continues, "submit your cause to the his everlasting fortune by drying and .selling it. by making them princes of the blood royal. O r, which expressly provides that they shall be ad " Court; and having obtained a judgment iii your But there are fools so utterly senseless as to •n the South Carolina priuciple that the minorityvertised and sold at public auction. "ffrvor, your cause is gained." Unquestionably. swallow such trash; wherefore let them beguiled, i ught to govern, tho case might be submitted to But, then', this only shows that the Rev. M r. and let The Herald perform the operation. T in the people, and the candidate having the fewe*fcever the established ports of entry in the seced- ing State.insurance, or higher tunriagc duties, just so muchhigher would be the rates of freight to or fromsuch ports," 80 that, after all, who would have to Common Council and . the Mayor conspire toi—What a conclusion is £hat which we beholdsession of the Government, that party retires fromofficewith-theRepublicsunderedandthesuppliedn oinconsiderableshare.that a new party, with new principles and new. men "should take the places of the. combined weakness, treachery, and incapacity which havevolubility of a Chadbaod, recounted our"na- " tional blessings, civil blessings^ social blessings, "spiritual blessings, all kinds of blessings, un- speakably great and precious blessings, such "blessings as were never enjoyed by any other "people since the world began." Which is allgreatly encouraging. W e suppose it would have required a modicum of ingenuity to have made in a Housc-of-Representatives-prayer a like opu- lent catalogue of o u r national nuisances. Among these we certainly reckon private letters from persons in private life to other persons in pri-" if any one votes against our Genera^Arkansas—as the Brigadier Gushing did—if theywould but perform this act of mercy, think with Of course tho unanimity was perfect Tho /•««-8ECE8SIOIVXSTThe speech of M r . Senator Toombs, deliveredbefore the Legislature of Georgia, is a very choice specimen of enraged Secession oratory. But it is valuable not merely as a rhetoricalpecimen; it lets us a good deal into the actual views and real motives of the Secessionisteaders.The Slavery portion of M r . Toombs's speech seems to be added as a sort of make-weight tothese moremarkable thing in it is his assertion, that he. can go to England, or France, or any other countrycots aroundhim.BS' AWJEBICAIY POLITICS IN EUROPE.For the last twenty years, the Pro-Slavery ora-Secession by the simple process of tarring, feath- ering, and expelling all Northerners who d o »>/>* swell t h e treasonable shout, a n d lynching o r legally arresting even old residents who are SUA-fishipowners andshipbuilders,theNorthern mer- chants, the Northern manufacturers who firststarted in the career of aggression, and against derbilt, for simply sinking a pier for his private whom Mr. Toombs seems to be full as anxioHSJFKUCCK BXONXXS, PIXXCT IXPOXTATION, consisting of MANTB*. start an oppressed, abused, and plundered trance to the pior, a month or two ago; but he OXNAMXNTS. STATCXTTXa, OXOCPS, lNX8TAN»S AC.doubtless be exiled without law. The Delia goea on to say that"Thenamemorning,Meem-n.Bcrrennh.Smith,ofPs»*Chri«- tian, vbited the Mayor, with the following letter in thoir poa- lu'i.fiou: ."'ThomasGny,havingbeenconvictedofbeinganAbolitionist by the citizen* of the town of P<uw Christian, and by them «%«- tencedtobotransportedtoaFreoStote,heUnowinthehand* of MeFMr*. K. F. Berrean and L. 1). Smith, with instruction* to carryhimtoNew-Orlean«,andtheretobehandedovertotho Chief of Police, with the request that ho be forwarded to a Fre» State. H e has been provided with sufficient moans to defray n u and family's expense*—say ir>3«—which will be handed to youbjr Mr. F.F.Berrean." Yours, respectfully, F . B . HIERN," ' Chairman Vigilance Committe*.*anything elsebutaNorth to r6b and plunder the South. " T h e in-"stanttheGovernment,wasorganized,'• says Mr.Toombs,"attheveryfirstCongress,the " Northern States evinced a general desire a n dAgain: itwasassumed byouranti-Republican press that Great Britain would eagerly favorthe establishmentofaCottonRepublic,wouldthrowcontrivance forenablingthehour.This formula is digested from the ex-President'sbulwarkofdefenseagainstforeigninvasion.Peck-slip Company, and compelled them to joinmaybeadmitted. Thetimesareoutofjoint;but what would be thought of a surgeon who bluster, mere windy eructations from the sourThe requisition that vessels to be American their fortunes with his own, L aw took possessionmust be American built, Mr. Toombs represents of the Peck-slip and Grand-street ferries, andas securing to the North a monopoly of the for about a yearvhas run them without payingshould approach a case of compound fracturestomachs of men unaccustomed to yet smartingThese "Complete8ets." 257 places ofFrench China and Rich business of ship-building.. But how ? A vessel one copper of compensation to the city. W hy fhzt and Engrared Glass Ware are still further reduced to $65.is just as much American if built in Georgia as he has not been held to a stricter account, weventive*ofdisease. Wearenevertoowellarmoredagainsttheassaults of *' the ills that flesh is heir to." Such an iirvi^ojator industry of her workmen, and not in the least to the Corporation Counsel has had the case inif built in Maine. If, in point of fact, the NorthEven those who are. in the enjoyment of perfec.' has a monopoly of ship-building, that is due en- ened to bring him to a settlement; but he seemsiions, his tremulous hands now dropping thein-cannot learn. The Controller long ago threat- healthfreguentlyhaveneedtohavereeoumetotonicsnspre- tirelytohersuperiorsea-coast,andtheskilland tobestillasfarfromitasever. HesaysthatNo*. 488,490and492Broadway, cornerBroome-st.excites the spleen of M r. Toombs, without itsadvantage to the South as.well as the North.Our sbip-builders employ great quantities, ofare assessed, unendurably to meet the extrava- O," amiable rector! but what cause? How are gant outlays of our City Government, while the you going to "make a case," as the lawyers say ? The Hcv. Paul ^Trapier et M. VS. The It is now certain that Mr. Secretary Cobb footthe bill except Mr.Toonibsland hisseceding assist such men as Law to deprive-the cityof .Peopleof the Free.States, would appear prettily her legitimate revenues.. How much longer in. on the docket, and sound sonorously when calledMr. C.A.Li Lamar ofSavannah writes toa se-cession meeting in South Carolina'.that he hopes wave!by his works " t o prove bis sympathy for our" common cause;" and that if by any accidentGeorgia should not. follow the lead of South Caro-lina, she " h a s brave and gallant sous.auflScieut the ArgentineConfederation is oma more a unit.•••»will a t once leave hj« offi<M- and go home' to de- mote his talents to the Disunion resolution inconstituents? N«'.vt, M r.Toombs fall* upon the Northern thia' euwrgenoy, will Messrs. Jiuws and Broiwon | by the clerk j but when the Plaintiff <iamo to-••'~'^rThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069aHHHgMH|||HHBit2Sa?>is..« H M—Tim 2<r.C.A.L.Lamar w theownero( Wo have a small sheaf of thest" epistolary the yacht W'^^-rer, and the pioneer in tho r *gleanings; butthis is sufficient for tb,« present. opening of the A^can slave-trade. seamen. Of the men whomanned our navy in well off in the article of blessings. This com-j If Pierce and Gushing arid some half \"»;'.*>««'theencouragingo ft h efishery,accordingt o t h eJLITBBAKYSUPERFLUITIES.policy of other maritime nations, as a nursery forThe United Stateso f America a r e exceedinglythe last w a r with Great Britain, a n d gained such honors for their country, the Northern fisheriesfortable fact we have always recognized, but ' others, who are not soft, as the Reverend T r a - never so fully as in reading a report of the neat pier is, would seriously and in good faith s^ateprayer offered to the House of Representatives the case as they know it fairly to bo—would de- question of making the first >TMparte toTM^a large gainer b yt h e manufacturing North ?progressandancientgrievances.T h e mostr e -I. 1'»'«ITW •j *•-•'-—-••Mr. Toombs goes a great way back of 'Mr. doubt, with his slave, but, if he attempted toLincoln's election. H e goes far behind the re- bring the slave aWay, he might get some hints of bodies, whenever politics have grown compli-No. 6 Maiden-lane.New-York. cent agitation of the question of Slavory. He European law, of which, to judge by this speech,ing Secession, though a Bell-Everett Kon- up the American -Union. The Annexation of tuckian, and strongly Pro-Slavery. Tho*trollerHawsbeenequallypromptwiththatotherBattery trespasser, George Law? If Mr. Van- must waste a sheet of paper and a tea-spoonful course) were paraded in The Herald and kind- though Gov. Seward might be heard in thatocratic freedom w as crushed out in America— knows perfectly well that L a w immediately ob- "MTDKAR SIR: Apprehension—patriotism—fearful crisis— whereforo that journal went in for Lincoln'sit is: ofourhistorythattheFederalConstitu-tainedaccesstotheferrylandingthroughthestrangedelusion—impendingcalamities—financialembarrassment electionascertaintobreakuptheUnion.fenceamounted tonothing. Thetruthis,thereisaninscrutable mystery*' pervert its powers for sectional advantage,and liberty to take, without lot or hindrance. Who into the unsought shades of private life by a willing to transcend' the Law of Nations and out-surrounding the dealings Of George L aw with the corporate authorities of New-York. Itepistle,whichendswiththeprescriptive'allusiontothe"Godofourfathers."ItprovesthatMr. overittheeegisofherallianceandprotection,Pierce h a s waxed in melancholy a n d waned in" purpose to use it for their own benefit, and to would seem that whatever he covets he is at wisdom—if that wrere possible—since he was sent ment of the Free States should they prove un-"day." ••/ .AmongtheseallegedaggressionsontheSouth bepermitted.tomakeaferrysliponpublic itshenchmenshouldbebothweakandwicked. Yanceyempire. OurGeorgia correspondent,TOWER CLOCKS, REOULATORS, AND OFFICE thus early commenced on the part, of the North, property, as he has done at the Battery, and This letter is a neat ,letter—it.is unquestionably W. W . Mann, was especially delighted withCLOCKS—the moat accurate timekeepers in the world. run a ferry for eight years, free of, all cost, • SPXKKT At Co., No. 487 Broadway. Mr. Toombs enumerates the monopoly of theafter the regulation pattern—it has good points, this aspect of the anticipated consequences of THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM, Wholesale and coasting trade given to American vessels. But without molestation from the city authorities? and particularly that unexpected one about the Secession. .J|#*a-ii.—E. ANTUONT. NO.50*Broadway.Catalogue* sent on receipt of itanip. Photographic materialsfor amatoursand th* trade.—S*S ••i I.I—!•••••ii • ' i. iiI- iiiii 1 ^- • ' ••lie is mistaken in ascribing this monopoly to the Would the corporation of any city, save this, " God of our fafhers," in which Divinity many Well: w e have at length the British journalsfirst Congress, as it was not established till aftermen appear to take a warmer Interest than in their own. --BATCHELOR'S HAIR BYE.—Reliable, hannlesss the close of the second war with Great Britain.full of cotton, the national object of building up our American commercial marine, and thusAllthisthecorporationfurnishing the means of providing a navy as a effected without it. Having broken down thetimes are troublous. That, for once and all,even yet realize, that Secession is possible: they regard the Southern clamor for it—as the North diduptotwomonths ago—as mere gasandhaving sold a ferry franchise, as in the Peck- slipcase,forthelargesumo'f$30,000,forten years, under substantial guaranties, turn right aroundandgive aicay,contrarytolaw,adjoining slips to a rival ferryman, upholdhim in breaking down tho legal franchise just sold, aid him to the uttermost in ruining the paying tenants of the city, and rendering valueless a lease so profit-which announce and comment on the election of V . Lincoln; the strictures of'the most conspicuousto build a bulkhead. 200. feet along the BatteryStockmarket,togiveawordofcomforttothe; general rupture, and ho has had the ^ood sense to letthin-s re-front, which w as given to him.Common Council alienated the Battery from the" wisdom—of self-defense against aggression—THE LATEST REPORTS FROM WASHINGTON.peacefully Into the hands o f South Carolina."By this act thestruments and now lifted, witli' his white eyes,'< to precipitate n e r into a revelation, a n d (fay sentences about " wives and e ^ d r » n " would ''wilfdo it"excitelaughterinthebarandireTMthe }>°ncb-riguing to abolish American Slavery or breakagents were actively working to thwart it; andWhat sane man under the canopy would give throughout the late*Canvass, British intrigue and assembled in spite of him to call a seceding con-THE FEBBf SQtATTKB.The Pilot Commissioners having woundup Mr. ten cents for the opinion of Mr. Franklin Pierce American Anti-Slavery were represented by thefavoring Secession, and the Legislature is tob*A much more wholesome artiole of Bread, Roll*. Cakes, and Toombs, who have been the first or chief aggres- Cornelius Vanderbilt, after a very brief siege, and vention. Thus in South Carolina to-day no voiceJPiea,areproducedbyblendingMessrs.EDWAKDCUAMBKICUN sorsupontherights,property,andpolitical tc Co.'* (Boston) "CONCXNTRATKD LKAVXN" with the flouruponanypossibleconjunctureofaffairs? And Cottonjournalsasstandingintherelationof israisedagainstSecession,becausenoonedareput an effectual stop to his usurpation of thoBat- yet Mr. Franklin Pierce, being atLowell, Mass., cause and effect. British influence and Britishand would undertake in its behalf the chastise-Cairo,careofAbeLincoln.ThereisastrongSouthernfoolinc aroufced in New-Cj|leansat laut, and Abolitionist* will soon loarta whether or not they can continue to disseminate their IncondLtfy doctrines, and tamper with our negro population With thatimpo- nit.y they have heretofore enjoyed through tho inertness or ig- norance o f our citizens."—Please note that " tho citizens of Pass "Christian"»havonotevenchargedGuywith speaking t o - a negro, much less "tampering "with our negro population." That seriouscharge is fabricated out of whole cloth by The Delta. But he is "convicted of being an Aboli- " tionist," and "that is enough to banish him* Hail Columbia!8E€ES8IOIV . ."A Reader," writes us in deprecation of whathe considers o u r heresy in affirming " t h o riglU "ofaStatetosecedefronrtheUnion." Aswe know no such right his arguments are superflu- ous. What we have affirmed, and still maintain, with a face like Werther's, with rivulets of tears under a party defeat,! But,whether Secession be is tho right of a PEOPLE to frame and modifyrunning down his linen cheeks, with his shaking a reality or a sham, it is clear "that the British their political institutions in accordance with their head predicting decease in solemn semi-revolii- do not sympathise with and will not countenance own convictions of duty and policy, as affirmed, inand tear-shedding, and apostrophes to the "God of "our fathers" will not save the Union. W eof them evinces any eagerness for Secession; notufferable driveller? Good Heavens! to thinkthat these maudlin cheats] these fair-weatherfellows, these holiday pilots, should call them- price of tropical produce. It is perfectly clear get out of the Union; but if the people of seven selves statesmen! As if it were not the business that the journals which mold and reflect the or eight contiguous States shall pretty unanim- of statesmen to encounter and defeat difficulties, public opinion of Great Britain do not at all ously resolve /to secede and set up for themselves,Southern timber which otherwise would r o t u n -used, butfor which they pay handsome prices; as though he were the great Tycoon himself,and and then to be calmest and clearest, coolest of sympathise with the Secessionists, do not desire we think they would do so, and that it wouldand they are also large consumers of naval stores, which are one of the staple products.of NorthCarolina.The establishment of light-houses on the South-ern coasts, paid for out of the Federal Treasury that an old-established ferry, like a great high-New-York an integral part instead of an.outly-ing dependency of Japan, and compels a wholecommunitytofollowafterhimtooneofthe igencythemostinexorable!Wecanpardonthe vilest localities in the.city. W e had supposedhead, stoutest of heart and steadiest of hand, nor anticipate a disruption of our Union, and be most unwise toundertake to resist such seces- when the hour is the most somber and the ex- arc fully determined that the Cotton Republic or sion, by Federal force. Why is it that those whoEmpire—should such be carved out of the UnionProfessor of Ecclesiastical History in the Theo- by the eloquence of Yancey and the sword of attack on something else?logical Seminary of South Carolina for being in away, could not be closed atthe will of oneman. bad state of mind, for being, in fact, broken civility and tolerance at the hands of Great Butithasbeendone;avaluablefranchisehas hearted,whenwritingon.the21stofNovember Britain,andshallnotbeallowedeithertoab-is paraded by M r. Toombs as another piece ofrobbery perpetrated by Northern shipowners and sorb Spanish North America or to reopen the inst., Col. William Gregg made some observa-merchants upon Southern planters. " W e pay," been wiped out, and the slip already seized upon to the Rev. Henry M. Beare of Flushing. Chap-for commercial purposes, apparently without at- lains to the rear with the baggage, is a standing African Slave-Trade.explains Mr. Toombs—as though all the paymentsout of the Federal Treasury came out of the tracting the slightest notice from the man to military regulation. But lay gentlemen, withSecessionists which merits general .attention. H e So much at least has already 'passed from tho said:planters'pockets—"wcpayamillion ofdollars"per-annumforthelightswhichguide,theminto"and outof your ports. W e build and keep up,whom the keys of the City Treasury have been great passion and small aptitude for political bat-tles,shouldbe—senttotherearalso!The South Carolina Professor above alluded toDomainofSpeculation intothatofFact. Con- trast itwiththegivings outof Pro-Slaveryconfided.word of censure from, that; officer, the Common"Governmentwouldnotdureto'placeherhanduponSouth Carolina,forMr.Buchsuoninwellawarothatthefiratdropof journals and orators throughout the last cahvass, Southern blood spilt would create u. blaze that will light up th*In likemanner, without^excitinga"atthecostofatleastanothermillion,hospitals Councilhasvotedawaytothisgreatcorruption- istheRev.PaulTrapier. HodoestheEccle- andyouwillhavedatawhereontocasttho nevertoreturn. Wehaveproofofthiahithefactthattheist franchise after franchise, interest after in- terest, by which tho city has beeifrobbed of manyArsenal, containing a vast amount o f United States srmi a n d miumriou* of war, is in our possesion. The Government, find- ingthatrecmitHcouldnotsafelybesenttheretoprotectthat vastly valuable property, very graciously placed the estabhUh-STREET. mentunderthechargeoftheGovernorofSouthCarolina,when* The Herald occasionally intermits for a,day its it will evier remain. H e also «\poke of tho fortiflcation* in Charleston Harbor—Custle lMuckney, Fort Moultrio, and Fort" fidelity—of Scripture against man's perverted last comiscation: .. main ax they are, and thoee establishments will, doubUeaa, fall" for their sick and disabled seamen when they"wearthemoutandcastthemashore. Wepay" half a million per annum to support and bring"homethosetheycastawayinforeignlands. afewofthe"bigthings"thathavebeencon- theUnion,andthatuponthewhole,hethinks " They demand and have received millions of ferred on Mr. Law, or which he has been allowed that he shall go with her. W e must give athousandso fdollars.L e tu sbrieflyrecapitulate"public money to increase the safety of harborsfering and dying because of the unprecedented " All of which expenses legitimately fall upon. River, which he took, and subsequently the right ."to embark our all in, is that of God against in- disconsolate bulls of Wall street. Here is its attempt to reeuforce those points will lead to bloodshed and asiastical History, and throws into the bargain ChristianEvidences. TheRev.Paul writesto say that'South Carolina will cut herself off fromhoroscope of the proposed independent Kingdom ofCotton."and that for us to shrink from the contestmaintained inviolate a s a public pleasure-ground Httlvutory measures must at thin moment of peril b e regarded a«Two thing8are specially worthy of notice inWASHINGTON, Dec. 8—Evening. ingofthisweek.Itwillbeaddressedbyseve-cilitiestonavigationwhichaccesstoacommoncity,thetermsofitscessionrequiringittobe"wouldbeunfaithfulnesstoChrist,aswellas Theroisatlaatagleamofsunshine.Itmaybeillusion,butallthesesignificantsentences.Oneis,thatSouthral of our prominent and worthy citizens, and treasury has enabled the Southern States to ob-effectivemeasureswillbetakentosecureacon- tainattriflingcosttothemselves,andwhich,by forever,onpenaltyofitsreversiontotheState. "than treason against,ourcountry. Yours, perhapsMonday.SouthCarolinuandFloridu'maynotborepre. ableproperty"oftheUnitedStateswithoutcentration of benevolent effort commensurate with diminishing the cost and risks of transportation, .the great and urgent need. W o beg our charita- have diminished the cost of every pound of mer- blecitizensnottomortgageWednesdayevening chandiseimportedforconsumption,andincreasedFrom his miserable single landing at James slip,heand take the double slips, at the same paltryw a s authorizedt omove t oRooseveltstreet,to any other use than that of attending this the value of every pound of produce exported for rent; there, breaking down Peck slip, he seized dignified name of snuffle. What a needlessly overwhelmed by tho power of tho incoming AdmiuUration without proper garrisons, in order that tkey maymeeting.sale. Thereisnotafarm-houseoraplantationin all the South which does not daily enjoy in money valuethebenefit oftheseimprovements,whichupon that also, and held it. rent free for a year, meanwhile getting the Common Council to give himtherighttorunaferryfromthatplaceto Fulton street, Brooklyn. His.old ferry at JamesThere ure many mattors of moment in abeyance, winch tho alarmedProfessorofChristianEvidences!Who countryatlargemayregurdwithsatisfaction.beseized with little difiiculty whenever thoee who are engaged in destroying tho Uniou m ay choose-• * >wants to harm Prof. Trapier, or M rs. PaulTrapier, orany.of thelittle.Trapiers? ThoThere is vo more Union sentiment to*ni<iht,among pron:inent andeminentclaesen,thanA«»beenrecentlyexhibited. Kveryone now hopes for the best, and better things will ocalr within a fort,,We pnblish elsewhere the letter of Attorney-General Black to the President on therightof Mr. Toombs charges as a Northern aggression,amiable man! He concludes the P. S. ofhis night than themost vltra ofeither side anticipate.fiteceesioh. He states his views with much more and which, but for the Union, the South cer- slip was, by the same agency, mado a ferry to missive as follows: " Do remember me most There is a rumor here this evening that JeJ'erson Davis of Afu- A writer in The Columbus (Ga.) Times pro-*jgor and point than the President in his Mes- tainly never would have enjoyed to anything like Hunter's Point, at the old nominal rent, though, *taffectionately to your daughters." The Misses bissippi has rcccii'cd a dhpatcli from Mr. Lincoln, the President poses that the now Southern Confederacy shouldas that is to be the terminus of the Long elect, stating that he (Mr. Lincoln) v:a« preparing a letter forpeare should feel uncommonly gratified to thiuk publication, defining his position upon the questions now distract- not repeat again the useless and disastrous ex-Island Railroad, the privilege was mani- that at such a time the Rev. Mr. Trapier remem- ing the sections of the country, which will, it, in taid, give entire periment of republican government, but as soonsage treats the subject. It is a historical docu-ment of great significance, coming as it doesfrom the highest law officer of the Federal Gov- eecessionists triumphant. Let us suppose that inBut Ifit lis suppose M r. Toombs and his brother ernment a t a most critical period of its history, their sacred rage against Northern aggression, theyfestly far more valuable. Going further up theEast River, we find him in possession of bothferries at Grand street, one of which was soldfor $15,000 a year to the Company which he earnest letter, that not a line in reply to it Virginia-five, and Tennessee ten. Any man who-the same extent as now.Jeff. Davis—shall receive nothing more thanCOMFORTPOItWJIXI," recreancy to our wives and children, no less providential. Tho Committee of States will meet on Tueaday, Carolina intends to appropriate tho " vastly valu- Heated. The Clmiiman of tho Committee, Governor Coiwin of" affectionately, PAUL TRAPIER." NOW this, in Ohio, indiapoBedtondvanceconciliatorymeanuron. paying for it; the other, that Mr. Buchauau has any less man than the Prof. Chris. Evi. in the 7 he feeling of conciliation iBgrowing more and more preva- connived at the designs of the Secessionists, and S.C.Theol.Sem.,wouldbecalledbythoun- lent.GovernorSewardinnotdisposedtoyield,buthemaybe haspurposelyleftthefort*inCharlestonHarborWe submit that it is high thno the rights/of Ward is what, iii non-reverend circles, is called its vocation. the city were looked after. Honest tax-payers ••jolly green." "Submit the cause!" Certainly.. .votes could be proclaimed. Still, on that princi- ple, Toombs might carry the day. W e go for him. Huzza for Robert I! Long may he• •-„„,/Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comi\satisjaction to (he. South.as the States are out of the Union, should atbered them.The Rev. Mr. Beare was so overcome by this to put up Central at least two per cent to-day, tional Monarchy.?SaccharineThat last touch is a stroke of genius. It ought once proceed to organize itself as a Constitu-.*-." Soldiers.'" said a F r ^mand, when they were a.**"* t **•"atoncebeshotattheheadof therog^ont"wanttoconfutethisdoctrinealwaysmaketheirIn a speech at Hamburg, S. C , on tho lot tions on tlie course of Mr. Buchanan toward thewhole South, and carry «vcry Slave State out of th-; Union,Sumter—stations that required 5,000 soldiers to man, now havLuj collectivelyonly200men. ThePresidentwellknowsthatanyAfterheavy outlay for coercive and defensive purpose*,muchill-feeling,somebloodshed,a n d a.bColonel to hm com . to v o t e o n'* K.  