 THE N E W YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 85?4. ±SUNDAY M0KNI1VG, JANUARY 8, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.AFFAIRSINEUROPE.Omr London Correspondence. Luwnoa, Dec 7, I&63.Greattkapmrt Termini—Sew Steam LineJ'n.jtcts— Oeokrn* <mf AierrrreJ— Improvement in (he fwte of the Emolish and French Press Towards 9och (*her—Arrival f Fred.Douolass—AapluAEstimate ••/Chtever—FiualAc- cident ...n B^ard One of the Galway fSeamer*, sfe , dm.The commercial importance of the Great Easter* tolooming op to larger and larger proportions. Some of fjfc shares have been sold,I understand,as lor asseven sod six pence (par twenty shillings); but that is an ex ceptioMl case. The Chamber of Commerce of Southamp- ton are going to give a banquet to the Directors, to whichFEOMWASHINGTON. (battherewasanyapproachesataffiliationbetweenthe THERUNAWAYSLAVES. ofCevelopemcntelsewherethathisbeadlookedlikea Scuthorn opposttionJsu and t h e republicans. - H e wouldAt we rattled over the road, sft-r our brief dinner a tda,- frtaul IeJ«eU»ti •ftbe fton-aliy Bale-lMt»er ate** tor 9p«ak<TheEastern—JRailroadsinBnpfrwd Silniwf<mM o f^•^•J^^^^J^pw© ."Cbeb, cheh, sirf cheh!"teredbySoutherngentlemenincertaincontingencies, "Isyourfatheratborne?" rowforCoflee,whenbeistothemidstofhisbestfrwnds?Oar Special W a s h i n g t o n D e s p a t c h . WaswxpeTon, Jan. 7,WO.•net caoscjjntAnaai or a mxa. oorrtucroia Ql'ISffin,BC.The most perfect abacs reined in the House to day There are no rules, hence no order, and Is* proceedings ar* conducted in the most undignified manner.andbe,asaSouthernman,wouldnotlookupontheelec- Fmgislwe Slaves in Upper Canada. tion ofa back republican to the Presidency a s a cause APPEAL TO THB EXETER HALL PUILANTHEOPISrS—"Cheh,cheh,father?cheh,cheh:" "Yes. your ratherr""Cheh, cheh, at Borne, tab? cheh!" "Yes, is your fatter at home?""I guess §'•>—cheh, cheh!""Whatis thematter with yon,Bill?WhyshouldIpretendtosaythat thatappearstobe the raggedett, the meanest, the worst condition of humanity, wnen the papers a r e conatan i y lauding British philan- thropy, and holding itopas a great example,to whichwe must "bow down and worship?" For my own part, a< thoughthepleasantfictionoteeeiogCuffee ;Iotn«*i,ed<i-eated and Cnristianized seemed to be somewhat obscured to this^::mpre ot his real condition, yet I hope be will do well uixer bisnew owners; at the very least, I trust his berry crop will be good, and that a benevolent BritishtomhineU wea thrown into the Boose by Mr. Stoles, of Tesnetwee, an American, which damaged the Lecompion- ,%,*generally aad tee squatter democrats to partteilar. B developed two important facts—First, that the only jtmer >can who can be sleeted, if the democrats will' unite apec tun, Is Mr. Gilmer, and they declare that they would act vote for him for the two reasons, that the republicanshave voted for him to some extent,, and that be is s good enough tariff man for the Pennsytvaniaaa, second, that gheooSy man upon whom the democrats and anti Le- eemptomtes can unite is a squatter sovereignty democrat, and such a m an is denounced b y Moore of Kentucky, Stokes of Tennessee, and otiftr South Americans, to beThe Rev. WILLUM TROY, of Windsor, C. W .,a coloredimmediate relief extended to the creditors of the govern, fugitive population of Canada West, addressed the huts that were roosting up on the bare rocks around us, old negro, a hostler, in Nova Scotia He was from Vir between the company and the builder, which will soonantheirbanners,hocHgnortitcit—then underthisago. we'll conquer.To this must be added at least one million for Islands in the Pacific that are not included to these figures. Here is an export trade alone, not of to-day or this year, for now it is far larger, but an average yearly for the last Six years, and we have £61,283,774, and if we estimate the imports as the same, and they are to reality considerably larger,thetotalcommerce,willbe£102,667,548,or,inMr. ELIOT remarked that Mr. Cobb did not say any thing aew to Massachusetts or to the citizens of that State. Baere were not more constitutional nor conservative con ssttuenciesanywhere. Fromthe landingofthePilgrims MUBOWtherenever waaa bodyofmen whosaoreas- suredly , directly or promptly stood by the laws and coti-whether or not it be lawful to make merchandise of him? look upon his soul!notunderanycircumstancesvo» fortherepublicancan- didate (Mr. ^nerman) but he called upon the democrats tjvote rorMr. Gilmer, anddemanded why that party had not concentrated their vote npon that gentleman be- fore. The Southern oppositionists and the republicans would never affiliate upon the slavery question, although uponotherimportantquestionstheymightageee,suchas on the tariff, and is a mutual conviction of the corruption •nd incompetency <>f the present administration. He waa opposed to the disunion sentiments which bad been ut-SSteJI&uw£fLta.£^ fm5d^.bo,',0fABiUZ» •"« Dw'aCastle,Icould notavetd a ipervadingfeeingof uncoBtrol^ble seasn of the comic, (hat would break o u r gietn and etaapnototmmt, to sptto of' the balmy air asdof lisunirn.Mr. Rrar—Would you vote for Fred. Douglass as Pre- sident?Mr.STOSTSW—TheQuestionwasirrelevant, '"Mnriwhas the Supreme Court had ruled that a man of color could not be Pres dentM'MBKK OF FUG1T1VB 8LAVK8 rN CANADA, BTC. [From the London Star, Deo. 16 ]On Tuesday evening last a public meeting, very nume- rously attended, washeld in theIndependent chapel. Grosvenor street, Manchester, In aid of the mission of the Bev Messrs Troy and Mitchell to this country, to collect funds for the erection of chapels and schools at Toronto and Windsor, Upper Canada, for the religious and moralWhat are yenMr. Rim—But the gentleman knows that one of thefirstthingsproposedbytheblackrepublicans,iftheyget benefitofrefugeesfromslaveryintheUnitedStates.Thelaughing about?""Cheh, cheh! I don't know, sah—cheh, cbeb!""Weil, take out the horse and put in the pony; we wantto go to i i zzencook "and was anxiou* for the organisation of the House by the election of * Union and national man as Speaker, so that"And this," said I to my companion, as we looked from the doorstep of the shanty upon the spiry tops of ever-forpecuniary assistancetocompleteacommodiouschapeland Davis, of Indian*, who pat Mr. Hamilton in nomination. in order but to proceed to the election of a Speaker or to school room, which had already been commenced.however,wcskirttheedgesofcoves andinletsthatfre- quently break in upon the landscape. There is a chain of fresh water lakes also along this road; sometimes we cross a bridge over a rushing torrent;, sometimes a calm expanse of water, doubling the evergreens at its margin, comes in view; anon a gleam of sapphire strikes through the verdure, and an ocean bay with its shingly beachthefourthasalsobredbytheKingofPrussia,by"Impe rial War Eagle"—no mention in detail was made of their pedigrees, and no inquiries as to this important fact were heard. *xl,at U i, and of the North western at V7i,. The secret ofthe difference in the prosperity of the two concerns, yon see is in the difference in their goods traffic, almost entirely; In other words, the Northwestern has a great port for steamers and other vessels at the other end (away fromMr. Douglas soaaned quite anxious about the result o f t h e ftsdtotadjourn.-Mr. WKSLOWsaid that the plurality rule could £ot beadoptedtor a very long time, and,to his opinion, never. Mr. Hicxxux would not abate one jot or tittle from bisThe Rev. Dr. MCKBRKOW, in proposing a suitable reso- lution, commented with much warmth upon the treat- ment to which colored persons were exposed at the Ame- rican embassy in London, and on board British steam(Laughter.) But the impression seems to be that are God's.'' (Great cheering ) retotheUnionandlaws.Themenwhodissentedfrom growing that this condition of things t? AfterabriefaddressfromtheRev.ARTIRKMCRSELL,> spirit of those resolutions are the men who would be intimidating the enemv, and producing dismay on the the meeting adjourned. I standing side by side with the secessionists and dis other side of the House—(derisive laughter from the re-couldnotparticipateinthegeneralmirth."Mrs. Deer," said I, "how long have you lived here?" "Oh, sah! a good many years; I cum here aforerow.Thebackofthecoatisalsoornamented withgold thantwoandthreefourthstooverfivepercentlace, the whole making a very showy appearance. The Let this movement concentrate at Southampton, and the above corps have but lately been organized, and num Great Western, the South Wales and the Milford Havenpublicans)—and as the impression is also gaining that the of the South. They were not the republicans deveiopements here have broken up the abolition pha-F a t e o f t h e F u g i t i v e S l a v e s . CONDITION OF THB NEUKOES IN NOVA SCOTIA.I bad Bill, dar." (Hers William flashed in the pan ber about forty. They are composed of leading citizens people may hang up their fiddles for the next half cen-• order loving democrats, but another class ofjmen al- together. One gentleman w h o addressed that meeting ia republican, and bis hearers sympathized with histhan chaste, more strong than parhamea- cats the integrity of my antecedents, and to 'show that Iheld mytonguehithertoforthe more vigorous than courteous denunciation [ reason that I bail no deeire to throw any obstacle in the denunciation, against those menwhocame wayofharmonizingthediscordantelementswhichpre- vail here. When I consider that the election of a Speakertwice.)"Where did vou reside before you came to Novaof Miiledgeville, ano' are said to be the onlv Governor's horse troop in the State.tury. Thejkiuibampton merchants at the Chamber of 0 minora- banquet are not going to flatter and feast Lord Palme reton and the great ship directors without an objectto sav that Iwould perpetuate discord here. (Sensation.) [ nanttments there declared. We have, he said, heard more I But, "sir, I am powerless to do so.* I b u t desire to vindi"Where did yrm live?"''Oh, fah ' 1 is from againi"Didyourunaway?"SALTISH IHE STREETS TO EE STOPPED.—Mayor W ood in- in view. British jealousy, and a fear that Jonathan may reap the lion's share ofthe trade and profits, willbefrom the North, representing the feelings andplant them in the desolate regions of the North, to starveor perish with cold and disease. We give to day a descrip-tion of the homes and habits of the unfortunate fugitivenegroes In the British province of Nova Scotia, from Mr. was after me putty sharp soon asItravelled." (Here Mrs.satisfaction.not have steam packet etations attheir seatermini,viz, the Eastern counties, the Great Western and the South Wales, only pay from two and a half to two and throe- fourths per cent. The only exception is the Lon-' is merely a part and parcel of that final question that is to ermcjples of the North as embodied in the reslolutim* 1 come before the country, and which I look to as the final fast read. The time Is not far distant when the sceptre action which isto place my people beyond the pressure win slip from the hands of those who hold it, ami pan to which now threatens their very existence, I am content to accommodate gentlemen on this side of the House by yieldins; and if the Americans unite with me in supportDeer and William Interchanged glances and indulged free- ly In mirth.)"And which place do you like the best—this or Mary- land^"•Why, I never bad no such work to do at home as ICoroners' Inquests.A CORPSE FATES BY RATS.—Coroner Gamble held an in- don and South Eastern, and that line frittersether and stronger hands, and then we hope we will find ear Union loving friends shaking hands with t | e n e * that will have the power of the government: and ey propose to administer it according to the constitutionthe Union and the laws which sustain them both. Mr-COBBwashappyto beartheexplanation. Hedid i produce the resolutions with a view to say anything the Massachusetts delegation, but to ascertain whetherof Mr. Hamilton. I will vote for him cheerfully.quest at the Jefferson Market Police Court prison yesterday upon the body of an unknown man who was founddead in one of the cells. Deceased, it appeared, had been Wells, and small towns in Kent And yet this railwai committed for drunkenness the day previous, and died pays an average of three and a half per cent What ar-tj were genuine.Mr. EUOT said toe editor of the Barnstable papsi was a Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, democratMaryland?" death had been caused by disease of the kidneys. The"Oh! de work here is awful, gTubbin' up old stones and Jury, in rendering their verdict, took occasion to call the As for Liverpool, it is fast being done up. The loss ot•ion loving a n d Strong constitutional democrat, repre ng a high office in Barnstable."But which place do you lite the best?"lanx, I entertain no hope whatever that such action as 1 favor or my people favor i3 to b e produced by the or-H<Mk>nal FactsoftheFugitive*toCanada Appeal to Inland Condition*>r tbtFifftJvci in fOfa Scotia,Pmrettvyleand<scua-p.aer£iTrhe.oeldW'raeggeedahbaodesofwreteeedoess seemed to be too clearly defined—-to stand outtoorairu stvely ageinrt the bright blue sky. But why should Ifeet"Cheh,'.h.h'z'ncook? Yes,sah;"andso.withthatfa- blanketortwomayerable himtoshiver outthe WinterWhen the House m et to-day the unprwjnti prevailed into power, is to reform the Supremo Court, and to re- Rev P. Thomson presided, supported by the Rev.Dr cetious gait and droB twist of the elbow, Bill swings him- safely, if not comfortably. Poor William Deer, senior, of they are going to Invite 'lord Palmerstoa, aad the nobteUwi the South Americans and anti Lecompton democratsweald atite with the democrats upon Mr, Hamilton, ofmove this disability.Mr. STOKES did not know that He was a Union man,McKerrow,the Rev. Arthur Muraell.tbe Rev. A. Thomson George Thompson, BBq., and other gentlemen. Two fuiri- Uve slaves were also presentself against the boms and unbuckles him in a perpetual jingle of merrimentDeer's Castle, was suffering with rheumatism in the next apartment, wbik> we were at bis eggs and bacon in the banquet ball; but Deer, of Deer's Castle, Is a prmce to his neighbors I shall not easily forget the brighteningPremier has signified his acceptance The affair is to come off. during this month. A general meeting of share holders Is called for the 16th inst, when a warm timeltias. that gentleman having been elected npon an mde-peadent ticket. Before a ballot w as readied a terrific the business of the country might be proceeded with, and minister, who has labored for some years amongst the greens in the valley below us, and at the wretched log eye, the swift glance of intelligence in the face of another may be expected. There M sn arbitration now pendingmeatA rtgt van on n a rwniuw nets.Mr Wissiow, (dem.) of N. C., moved to proceed withthe election, and demanded the previous question.,Mr. Hicsmur, (A L. dem.) of Pa., said he would move, as an amendment, that a vote be taken o n t h e pluralityrule."this is the negro settlement?""Yes," be replied."Are all the negro setthmente .'n Nova Scotia as mise-girua, and adopting the sweet, mellifluous language of hisown heme, I asked him whether be liked best to stay tell the shareholders the condition of their property. Bwhere be was or go back to "Old Yirginny?" "Ob.mas- is understood that when the ship commences ber com-al" said be, with such a look, "you must koow dat I has mercsU career, it will be cither from toe pert of South- de warmest side for my own country!"meeting on the state of his brethren in that districtand asm In the States. Mr. Troy is a youngmaafluent and graceful as a speaker, and, though notpoesessicg a skin of the " deepest dye," bears rable as this?'' uumist&keable indicationsof his race. The Fugitive Slavelaw of i860 was sternly denounced, and many illustra-"Yes," he answered; "you can tell a negro settlement at once by its appearance "ampton or Milford Haven,How does it happen that corporations almost Invariablymanage their affairs so much worse than the generality ofbusiness firms? Now no corporation ever bad so good aa "Prinee." "Favorite," " Soiyman," "Earl (or Irl) opportunity of increasing the value of their property SBtions were given of the cruelty and inhumanity of itsAftercallsfromdifferentsides ofthe hall,the rollof operations. Practically, aman ofcolor could not now sake,thatmuch vaunted British sympathy andBritish SaleotStallions atMew York TattersalPs.the House was called over. enjoy liberty in any of the States ot the Union; and, a tMr. Hicuux wanted to know how long this spectacle ihe passing of the act, many who bad been living in the world than the prospect around Deer s ' ,»stlo."was to be presented, and he was anxious to show to the free States tor many years, and bad amassed a com-fortable competence, were obliged to give up everythingti>y possessed and escape t» Canada The friends or freesentiment on the democratic side. They would remain dom were frequently met with the taunt that In the tbo announcement Of-Mrs Deer that "Nathfn' waste here until the 4th of March, 1861. before they woull con- slave States the slaves were perfectly contented, and had do house 'ccpt bacon," and she "reckoned" she "might tenttotheplurality rule. Hecharged the republicans nodesiretothrowoffsyokewhich wasnoburden;buta haveaneggortwobydetimewegotback fromChizzu-country who were the disorganizeTM.Mr. GAJLVETT, (dem ) of Va., replied that he knew theNotwithstanding the very generous bouquet spread be- fore the eyes of the traveller on the sign board, we were compelled to dismiss the pleasant fiction of the poet uponKing," were sold at auction by Chambers * Fairchud> auctioneers, of N a 113 Nassau street, at New York Tat tersalTs, yesterday, at 12 M. This was a sheriff's sale, and accordinglyrapidly despatched. Theattendancewasnot large and the bidding not spirited. The stallions werethe Great Western Railway have at this moment unquestionably the finest railwayto.the world, and with one exception probably the moat costly. The whole e x - pense of their 716miles was£28,280,263,or to your currency, $Ul,0O0,OC0. The London and North-and South Americans as being disorganizeTM, one party in reference to facts would expose this fallacy. The m m cook."5bad as a republican. The ballot which followea verified opposing the democratic candidate forSpeaker, the other ber (/fugitive slax*» in Upper Canada at the present time "But you have plenty of trout here in these streams?"I prediction of the despatch in to-day's BSULD, that it in putting forward as candidate a man who had endorsed i<w 45,(XX>, and ttey had been reaching that part of the "Ob, yes, plenty, sai." each represented as full blooded horses, bat their pedi" western (from London to 1Jverpool) cost £38,226,228, orthe Helper book. brittsh pmeuttm, tince the enactment qfthe Fugitive Slam "Then let Bill catch some trout for us."a atterly impossible for the elements opposed to the re- Mr. Hicxjujr was ready for the issue. Let the respon- law, at the rate tf between 1,100 and 1.200 annually. And so the pony being strapped up and buckled to the to say, although all of them—"Prince," "Favorite,"pebiicans to units. Mr Hamilton did not receive so many sibility rest on the heads of those who seek to prevent an Having made many statements to show that the moral wagon, we left the negro settlement for the French settle the same, amounting to £2,200 a mile yearly on the Great votes as Mr Millson. organization. and intellectual condition of this unfortunate race was m«nt They are all ia "settlements" here, the people of " Soiyman" and "Earl King"—were represented, the Western, and £2,214 on the London and Northwestern: but•Mr Cianx, (dem ) of Mo., should insist first on a vote such as to eniist the active sympathies of the people of this province. Centuries are mutable, but prejudices first as having been bred by his Majesty the King at Swe- In goods traffic the Great Western has only £1,130, whiteM w as whispered about on the floor of the Moose on his resolution declaring any endorser of Helper's book•tat Hamilton w as n Douglas democrat; Hence unfit for SpeakerMr. SraxTon, (rep.) of Ohio, said the republicans hadreport was partially Termed by the'fact thatSenator Douglas wason the floor consulting withMr. Mr.SrsTES*,(rep.)ofPa.,contendedthat nothing wasthis country, Mr. Troy remarked that he had been sta- tioned four years at Windsor, the terminus of the Great Western Rallroai, at which point it was found that mostnever alter in the colonies.But we are again in the Acadian forest—a truce to mo-den; the second by his Majesty the King of Sardinia, andthe Northwestern has £2,660 a mile. The average divi- dends annually for the last five rears of the Northwestern havebeen£6 2s.,andoftheGreatWestern£2 14s. Thepresented by that potentate to Miss Ella, a young Ameri- sixteen Americans refused to vote for him. This noobjectiontovotingonall tncpendingpropositions.In slavesarrived intheirflight from theSouthern States. ralizing—letusenjoythescenery. Theroadweareonis canequestrienne,nowabouttojoinNixonkCo.'scircus;order.Hiscircuitincludedeightorten different stations,untha butatewmilesfromthesea shore,butthe oceanisbid-population of 15,000 etcaped slam, and he wot now seeking den from view by the thick woods. A s w e ride along, the third as bred by his Majesty the King of Prussia, and shares of the Great Western (par £100) stand, DecemberThe declaration of Mr. Gernett, which was enthusetsti-•any responded to b y th e democrats, that th e *Ui of Mr. BIXGHAX. (rep.) of Ohio, asked if th e republicans packets in their passage to and from the United States, curves to and out between the piny slopes A t last w e gray, said to be fi years old and-15.3 high. H e made a London) of the road, while the Great Western touches theMatch, 1S61, would find the House to its present dtoor- fastzedstatebeforethepluralityrulewouldbeyielded, may induce several members who are disgusted with the present state of affairs to vote for Mr. Sherman.The pressure from the mail contractors for an organiza- tion is not so great now, since the principal of them nave •beamed an extension oa their paper for sixty days, being assured by their democratic friends that the organization oftheHousewouldprobablybedelayedthatlengthofconsented to vote for Mr. Clark's resolution, would Mr. Clark afterwards consent t o a vote being taken on t h e adoptionofthepluralityrule?Mr. CLARKwould make no such arrangementand denounced with great eloquence the un Christian pre- judice against color which prevailed amongst our transat-lanticbrethren.reach the crest of a hill, and at the foot of the road is an other bridge, a house, a wharf and two or three coast- ersatanchorinadiminutiveharbor.Thisis"Threevery good appearance, was docile, strongly built, and badevidentlybeentrainedtothesaddle.Thiswasthestal-lion that was presented by the King of Sardinia to MissElla, the well known American equestrienne. Two hun- Now It is not true to say that the Great Western Railway dred dollars was the first bid made for this horse. The cannot afford to carry goods between Milford Haven ($85by a large number o f his friends.T T - S I X T H COVGltEWS.wmst sassiOH.WasncsBToa, Jan. 7, 186%Ibe Senate is not i s session.arrived when there ought to b e an organisation, o n e " white" person. (Loud expressions of disapprobation). groups, surmounted with snowy tufts; and hero and there then $350, then $400, then $426, then $464, then $476, five miles further from Milford Haven than it is from country had become weary o f this protracted struggle. Another fact would turtber illustrate the existence o f this clusters of light purple blossoms, called laurel flowers, b u t then $5( o and then $626, then $666, then $676, then $600, Liverpool, while the latter port is at least sixteen hours b yNo. party in opposition to the republicans could elect its prejudice amongst the professing followers of Him not like our laurels, spring up from the bases of gray then $626, then $660. "$660" going, said the auctioneer—particular favorite. H e now nominated Mr. Hamilton, amongst whose true disciples there were neither '*boud rocks and boulders; sometimes a rich array of bloodred "$76" shall I say it for you—at "$76"—"$700," shall I steam and from one to three weeks by sailing vessels fur-H e • f R e p r e s e n t * t i r e s . WASBBrerrow, Jan. 7,1360.a BBULI .vcGenf or n n u c Turrm rao* a t^cBTSBTro, >xr> AS Aiisaaa nun's on>io.x or IT,Mr COBB, (dem.) of Ate., asked that an article em a-aattog from Masaachusetts b e read, wishing to know fromthe dedication of a fine building for public and divine wor- ship, a respectable colored man bad been forcibly remov- ed, lest bis presence should give offence to wealthy and fashionable white people, who, it was hoped, might buy or rent seats. The pastor of the church assembling in this building made a high profession of anti-slavery prin- ciples, yet the hateful, impious, inhuman spirit of caste was, with his connivance, inflexibly maintained. Every colored person who entered the church—no matter whatfloral white radii, tipped with snowy petals, rise up pro- fuse and lofty; down by the ditches hundreds of pitcher plants lift their vetoed and mottled vases, brimming with water, to the wood birds who drink and perch upon their thick rims; May flowers of delightful fragrance hide be- neath those shining, tropica] looking leaves, and meadow- sweet, not less fragrant, bui less beautiful, pours its ten- der aroma into the fresh air; here again we see the buck- thorn in blossom; there scattered on the turf, the scarlet"$700" going, going, gone, down he goes. Same gentle- men—James Bevins."Thenext animal vcotnatcd was"ErlKing," a light gray, 6 years old, standing 16 3iiigh; be was also said to have been bred b y bis Majesty t h e King o f Prussia, and said to b e a splendidly trained hunter. He had very good action, was finely limbed, b u t w a a evidently verv vicious, as bis action in bis stall proved afterwards. T h e flist bid made for him was $300; the second $360—"$350. $350, $360," said the auctioneer. The bidding stood at $860 for some time—"$'76, shall I s a y it?" said the auc- tioneer—"at $360, going, going; fair warning, gentleman, bid or sold; down be goes, at $360 to Mr. John Bmely."ful calamities from shipwreck now so alarmingly frequent in the approaches to Liverpool.Suppose the Great Western Railway should s e e a first class steam packet station rise u p a t Milford Haven, i t would inevitably give a permanent rise in the value of their shares of fromten to twenty per cent, or in the en- tire value of their road, from three to six millions sterling. Only five per cent of their capital would complete!? estab- 'ish a packet station at Miltord Haven, and put on a per- manent loondation two lines of steamers—one to Portugal, Brazil and west coast of South America, and one t o N e w Y otk, Aspinwali, California, British Columbia, Australia, China and the Pacific And have you any idea of the vast trade that would be brought within the range of such a steamship connection? T h e comsneroe c o w existing between Great Britain a n d these r e -• raddressed the Clerk, and said— Sir, I am perfectly willingto vote for Mr. Hamilton if the Americans who voted his moral character, his intelligence, his piety or his partridge berry; then wild cherry trees, mere shrubsposition.The first horse brought out w as Favorite, a dappleFor the main question Augamst itwhich Almost every American appearel to be smitten, One thing Longfellow has certainly omitted in "Evan.108 and which had infected a large number of our own coun- geline"—the wild flowers of Acadia. The roadside is ail bid stood at $200 for some time, and was then suddenly miles) and London at a price that would bring foreignMr. GBOBGI TBonnoir, who was loudly cheered, ex-Fathom Harbor."We are within a mile of Chezzen-e • e esea a t t h e inconsiderable town o f Milford Haven, t h e worn outtown ofBristol, andtheoncelively packet stations of Plymouth and FalmoMh.The yeas and nays were now called, on the motion of pressed bis gratitude to the preceding speaker for the cook.Mr. Window—will the main question (a ballot for Speaker) fidelity with which b e h a d rebuked the colorphobia with e *be put? The vote stood as follows:—rule, those voting for the mam question being against i t OnthisquestionMrAdrain,ofN.J.,wastheonly anti LecomptoiLte who voted with the republicans.108 trymen who had emigrated to the United States and fringed ana tatselled with white, pink and purple. The raised to $300, and the horse knocked down to Mr. James This showed the position of the House oa the plurality the British provinces. Within the last three weeks be wild strawberries are in blossom, whitening the turf all Bevins for 9300.trade to that port Robert Stephenson declared thai any railway could afford to build a special and separate track: onwhichtocarrygoodsatonepennypertonpermile; and it has actually been proved that goods can be carriedBefore a ballot was proceeded with—had received from Boston an original pew deed, confer- ringaproprietaryrigbtjnapewinoneottheBaptist churches in that city, upon a member ot the congrega- tion, in which there was a provision that the pew shouldthe way from Halifax to Chezsetcook. You see their starrysettlementthicktoeverybitofturf. Theseare the silver mines of poor Cuffee; he has the monopoly of the berry trade. It is his only revenue. Then in theThe next one brought forward was Soiyman, a dark gray,7yearsold,16bandsbigb,saidtonavebeenbred from Arab blood, by bis Majesty King cf Prussia, b e ia a very handsome horse, of fine action, and perfectlyABRIVAL OS SETATOS SSWjLBD. ,Senator Seward arrived tonight, and has been called Mr. Dave, (A. L. dem.) of Ind , said thatthetimehad not be transferred to any other than a respectable swampy grounds there are long green needles In solitary docile. $200 was the first bid made, then $260, then$300, at a farthing a mile. Besides, London is only seventy-(dem ) of Texas, as a conservative man.Mr. DAVW, (dem.) of Miss., withdrew Mr. Bocock'sname as a candidate, and stated that that gentleman had paired off, but if present be would east his vote for Mr. Hamilton, an out and out UnionistTBI TWISTY EIGHTH BALLOT FOB SPEAKER.While the ballot was being taken, Mr. Prun, (dem.) of Ala, who persistently threw away bis vote heretofore,nor free," but all were one and equal. In New York, on berries gleams out ofa mass of greenery; then again great say it—"$700," will you give it—"$726," do I hear it—at ther from e\ery part of America. And look at the dread-against him change their votes.Mr. HILL, (A. opp ) of Ga.—Tttat would be one againstChristian usefulness might be—was ignominiously con- signed to the "nigger pew," in slavish and sordid defe- rence to the evangelical slcfn ocracy of the white wor-only, in full bud; and around all and above all the ever- greens, toe murmuring pines, and the hemlocks, the ram pikes—the greybeards of the primeval forest—the spicybow many?Mr. PCGH—I am perfectly willing to vote for Mr. Hamil- shippers. It might well be said in the paper which breath of resinous balsams, the spiry tops and the sereneThe next horse put up was "Prmce," a bay stallion, 16.2 high, with fine limbs, fine head, splendid eye, and said to have been bred by bis Majesty the King of Sweden, and brought direct from the royal breeder Tor the im-ton whenever there is a prospect of m y vote producing a contained this exposure, "L et this fact be pro heaven. Is this fairy landr No, it is only poor, old, bar-result. I have been from the beginning willing to vote for claimed to the honest abolitionists of Great Britain.'' Mr. Boeock, if there haj been a reasonable prospect of elect- Mr. Thompson bore his testimony to the loyalty, Industryren Nova Scotia; and yet I think Felix, Prince of Salerno,if he were here, might say, and say truly,too,"In all mylite I never beheld a more enchanting place;" but Felix, porter. $200 was the first bid made, then $300, thenPrince o f Salerno, must remember this is the month o i $400, then $460, then $600. T h e auctioneer strained forJune, and summer is not perpetual in the latitude of forty- $6:16, but he was at last knocked down to Mr. David Big gions is over five hundred million dollars annually, five.t delegation from that State whether it was a forgeryornot ItappearedtotheBarnstablePatriot,from'the inghim,butasthisballotdisclosesthatmyvotecannot andpeacefulhabitsofthecoloredpopulationoftheCana-effect a n y good—(a voice from a democrat—"It might do dian provinces, referred to the rapid spread o f anti slave- Bast, where the son first rises on our globes Ir it be so")—in order to maintain the integrity of my position ry opinions in the United States, eulogized Mr. Garrisonandthesymmetryofmyrecord,Ishall castmyvote,as heretofore, for Mr. McQueen.genuinebewasglad thatalter searchingamongrubbish be bad been able to find in Masaachusetts a singlewhich should be shown to the country.l i e proceedings of the Union meeting in BimsUble on the democratic side of the House to see if I could not downfall of slavery. In conclusion, Mr. Thompson said:—Mr. HILL—I think it right to state, in reference to myvote, that I have been approached by some kind friends whose martyrdom would not fail greatly to accelerate theWe reach at lost Deer's Castle.Pony, under the handsThe sale was then closed; the terms cash, 26 per cent more than doubled within ten years. In fact the usualaid in some degree to effecting an organisation. Perhaps The blasphemous idea that man may be the property oflong travel up bill and down. When he pops out of his purchasers planked their money, and the crowd dispersed. harness, with his knoceftnees a n d sturdy, stocky littleframe,helooksverylikeananimated sawbuck,clothed in seal skin; and, with a Jump, and snort, and flourish of tall,heescortsBilltothestable,asiftwenty miles over a rough road was a trifle not worth conside- ration.some think I exaggerate, let as see the facta a lotto more to detail. I will take the exports first, the average annual exportsofBritishgoodsforthelastsixyears;—were read, declaring the duty of obedience to] the oon-stttwUon as the supreme law of the land, condemning I conferred with them, and I am willing to do so farther. native and essential elements of bis nature to anotherCity Intelligence.Fms rs Hovsro.v STREET.—Between two and threeIonmypartmadeasreadyadvancestothem. Iconfess man,andthekindredliethatoneman isinferior intheButitdoesnotoccurtome,withthenighrespectthatI man,mustbehuntedthroughtheworldbacktothehell entertain for Mr. Hamilton, that I would b e forwarding from whence they sprang. (Cheers.) W e must demand£19.633 690 6,228.346 8.672.209 AsavoryodoroffryingbaconandeggsstoleforthfromstreetTheflamesalsospreadintothepianofortemanuAustralia 10,7R8i88«Brown'sraidandhissympathizers,andthosepreaching or mating insurrection as guilty of moral or actual treason,bis election b y giving h im m y vote a t thistime. Myopinionis,thatitwouldhavejustthecontraryeffect. If I bad no higher motive than merely policy, IMr. ELIOT, (rep.) of Mass., asked that the call for the should withhold my vote from him now, and therefore I which they now exercise, and that man, whatever be themeeting be read. cast Hfor Mr. Brietow color of bis skin, shall stand where his reason, his re- Mr. LEACH, (S. opp.) of N. C—I voted for Mr. Hamil- sponsibility and his immortality entitle him to stand. Mr. COBBsaid it waa not in the paper. B e loved Union ton, under the supposition that the'whole democratic When Christ was upon earth, he was questioned by the sneesing?, but he wanted them to declare such sentiments party would have voted for him ; but as 1 find that they Jews if it were lawful to pay tribute to Cesar. He said, as have been read. He believed that many abolitionisis have not done so, I withdraw my vote and give it to Mr. " Show me a penny;" and inquired, " Whose image andwere simply for the Union. Let the motto be, the consti- Gilmer superscription are "these >'' The Jews answered, "Cae- Mr. PTGHaga:n got up, and said:—My constituents are sar's." Then said Jesus, " Render unto Caesar the things tatien and the rights of all sections, and let thera inscribe indifferent about the organization of the House. That is a that are Osar's,and unto God the things that are God's." resultinwhichtheydonotconsiderthemselvesinterested; Hereisanegro(pointingtoacoloredmanontheplat-o'clockonSaturdaymorningafirebrokeoutinthepatent shears manufactory of James H. Roome, No. 736 Houston*vthat men stealers and slaveholders restore to God—andhisassociatesoftboAmerican antiSlaverySociety; and, referring to the Harper's Ferry affair, spoke in terms ot sympathy and admiration of the heroic Captain Brown,nailfor$600v andwithfirstclasssteamshipfasihueathistradewouldbeScotia ganization of the House. If I had it to my power, I am free condition of the fugitive slaves in Canada, showing the "Sahr"Cozzens'book, "Acadia.'' The author says.—"We are now approaching a negro settlement," said myeompagnon de voyage, after we had passed t h e Acadians, Mr. LKACHagain changed his vote, and said—As it is "and we will take a frtsh horse at Deer's Castle; this isaway its profits made on the eighty miles of direct track to Dover, on two hundred miles of side and branch roads, to su<di paltry placea a s Canterbury, Tunbridgeindicated that? am an obstacle in the way of harmonious action oa this side of Ihe House, I put myself out of that position, and now say that Mr. Hamilton shall be Speaker oftheHoute (Applausefromthedemocrats.)rough travelling." In a few minutes we saw a log houseperched on a bare bone of granite that stood out on a isn't women's work. When I w a s home I had only to the same evening. Dr. Beach found that both eyes, th e gument do we want further than those facta and compari- ragged hill eide, and presently another cabin of the same wait on missis, and work was light aud easy." (William nose, and a great part of the face and neck had,been sons to know that the only salvation for a railway that kindcameinview;thenotherscarecrowedificeswheeledin sight as we drove along, all forlorn, all patched withmud, all perched on barren knolls or gigantic bars of gra-nite, higifup, like ragged redoubts tf poverty, armed atThe ballot resulted as follows —Whole number of votesNecessary to a choiceMr. Sherman, of Ohio, republicanMr. Gilmer, ot North Oarol.ua, Southern opposition. . U or barricaded with beards to keep out the air and sun- Scattering 8 shine.quiet.) eatenawayasifbyrats,givingthecorpseahorribleap- TUBSfromthegreatmetropolistotheseaboardhasinthe establishment of steam packet stations and steam com-All the democrats voted for Mr. Hamilton, with the e x "Y ou do not mean to say those wretched hovels are oc- •r.COBSdidnotcarewhatofficetheeditorheifl.He ceptionofMr.Jtdram,andMr.Clark,ofNewYork,who cupiedbylivingbeingsr"said1tomycompanion.was the representative of true doctrines. He hoped the voted for Mr. Reynolds, (A. L.dem.) of New York. Too "Gh, yes," hereplied, with a quiet smile; "these are "And den dere'sde rheumati/.."South Americans who threw away their votes were Messrs. your people—your fugitives."sentiments declared would enable all sides to profit by Adams and Anderson, of Kentucky, Brabson, Briggs, "But surely," said I, "they do not live in those airyitem. He wanted his constituents to hear the glorious Bristow, navia of Maryland, Etneridge, Harris of Mary nests during >our intensely cold winters:-'"But which place do you hike the best, Mrs. Deer?'States, carrying sixty seven cabin and 1,482 steerage pas srngers, while in October there were seventeen ships, carrying 183 cabin and 3.670 steerage passengers. In October there * ere 2,620 Irish passengers, while in N o- vember there were only 901.oa«fsaid,whenitcouldbeshownthattheirvoteswooSd |settlethequestiontheywouldactefficiently. Heproposed i the anti Leoomptonites help the democrats to elect ater. Let 'he Americans take the two next Sert offices'the anti Ucomptoattae the remainder, and divide5Sw£,ABAbay.a«5dsteta,LBrock..EPgrt»»S-_£P <;r»ea Cant W Beed, W Bceeatball, Jno fcan,Miri C Beed,lite«tAllen.KUsage-«*«»»»*fJU?Mer,?*or ???*&' Mm MMeCarnv. Q Peaaey. Rev J O Rice, J M a OrtewoM. n W Gerry. Hliwler. Jno Moore, A A Bease, R W Stewart •tad wife- ai.u U hi tUe auerage.Vim* Fare, » the Sa k P ftenviuE—F Btard. B Bstavard, Vbodycaw.""Ye who listen with credulity to the whispers of fancyand pursue with eagerness th e phantoms of hope, who expect that age will perform the promises of youth, and that the deflciencita of the present day will be supplied by the morrow, attend to the history of Rasselas, here in his happy valley.""Now, then," said my companion, a s this trite quota ttcn was passing through my mind. Thewagonbad stopped in front o f a little weather beaten house that kept watchandwardoveranacreofgreensward,brokenever andanonwithaprojectingboneofgranite,andnotonly f e n c e d w i s h s t o n e , b u t d o t t e d a l s o w i t h v a r i o u s m o u n d s o f pebbles,someaslargeasapavingstone,andsomemuchthis Williambrokelorthagain insuch aseriesof platoonflashesthat weallJoinedin withinfinitemerri- ment.)"Mis Deer,' said I, recovering my gravity, ' I wantto ask vou one more qHeslion.''"Well, sah," said die lady Deer, cocking her head on one side, expressive of being able to answer any number ot questions in a twicklkg."Youhave,nodoubt,stillmany relativesleftinMary land?""Oh,yes!"repliedMrs.Deer,"allofdemaredar.""And"supposeyoubadachancetoadvisetheminre- g a r d t o t h i s m a t t e r , w o u l d y o u t e l l t h e m t o r u n a w a y a n d taketheirpartwithyouinNovaScotia,orwouldyouadNJBLO'SSALOOX—The famous George Christy's Minstrels are doing a fine business here. The revival of "New Year'sCalls,"snexceedinglyamusingpiece,hasproved veryagreeabletothepubli;.* , ' J I M -patronage between them. So far aa he w u ^cou- Mvneta. J Feresand son, B Foils,Difficulty—Spiritualism. Before Hon. Judge Leonard."dh*waswillingthisshouldbedone,forthesal •rgaaumg and securing a national Speaker.Tnar«aiTherortncSOCTHKBScewcwrww.M r . 9 r 4 t » , ( g o p p ) o f T c n n , s p o k e o f t h e r • p u b t s i m e jpnraBTVBBst. For Fcuibamptonaud llfcvre. ia the steamship Arajjo—Mr H fciein A Dui'»»<i"!S''. Mf» L. Mcdthsau. Mrl^uia NcGaae, MrasdMrswJBunker.B V;MrAKPCooper, ar"AJaekeoo,MrandMrsOatGWWlay,VHA; M r s v M B o d i n g Mwa T i n t e l m , M i s t D a n s . M r a n d M r s \ a v e r t•adfourchildren,SiteBaselyVilrert.BHteebws,MJssiBerelator iu this case obtained a writ of habeas corpus for thedefendanttoproducethebodyoftheirdaughter,a c h i l d a b o u t e u h t y e a r s o f a g e . A n o r d e r f o r a n a t t a c h - mentagainstthemotherwasalsoobtain.d,ontheallege tion that she was about to leave the State.of a national nature that h a s transpired in Austrian o r Italian affairs was oa the banks of the Mincio a few days since. TheAostrtonshaveonebankandPiedmontthe other. TheAustriansoldiersactuallyhadorderstofire acrosstheriveratanyandeverybody that approached near the opposite shore. One day an innocent Rehan came down to the bank of the stream, while near byweresome other people,amongwhomr U e n S a > r o o f to? MwB.T?' t ' " -warning, an Ansuian soldier raised his rifle andfiredat to Chicago. In the month of October M at Mrs. Holmes the man. B e missed him, but the ball went further aadPoorteesyMr SBMn> c« (SM to crand a r* recce to thebantampony,that,underthesupervision of"Bill,"washimselfenoughtosay,MW^*«^^***jL SH^Slhe rotted over on bis back, P-» TM , ~ J f c " ! - ? . * ^eyes, sad twitched sad jingled ^ hkHbesrrt ooatent. 1Untitled Document»ae d»aaoerats, who were spJK into fae-land, Batton, Mallory, Nelson, Quartos, Stokos, Webstar, Gilmer and Hill. , , ,The House adjourned at a quarter to six o'clock.Atrivals'and Departure*.ing in William's mind seemed to be entirely quenched by this remark.)avenue, by being caught by a revolving shaft. Deceased's right arm was broken in several places,, and was so shat-fa legs that there yet live in the North and in MasgacbuM S men who are animated b y the spirit of our Hevotu- ; fernery fathers.rKorosKDorranosorm SPOIL*. J.r. ruvn, (dem.) of Miss , occupied some time to showthe Southern opposition should co operate with theracy in the election ofa Speaker against their com- tee. 1> MQor. Mrs M Gorbam ai^<dajd. O W Oobb, a D work. There they are in their cabins, just as you see "Oh !" replied Mrs Deer, "de difference is, dat whenBoabes. 1» O Mneaail aad family,,sOss MGary, Mtm f Oara- them—a poor, wo begone set of vagabonds, a burden I work here I work for myself, and when I was work- enemy the republican*. The anti Leoomptoa) man SaTBCtowea, V miapp*tbu<-B> h R •eoser and family, h upon the community, of no use to themselves nor to any- ing at borne I was working for other people." (AtYou ace that the good effects of the Lever hue are con- stantly appearing m the improvements In the mailpot inside the shafts sad buckled up to the very roots o f rcr KorfoBi. Petersburg and Rkaaaaad, fn the stwrnibip tne harness. This BUI. the son and heir o f the casteUen,another arena, and spoiling aoroe voom* <*% rThe authority usurped, not given,the door as we sat, in the calm summer air, upon the stone fence. William Deer, Jr., was wandering about in Iront of the castle, endeavoring to get control of his un- der lip and keep bis exuberant mirth within t h e limits of decorum; but every instant, to u s e s military figure, i t would flash in the pan. Up on the bare rocks were the wretched, wo begone, patched and ragged tog huts of poor Cuffee. The hour and the season were suggestive of philosophizing, of theories and questions."Mrs Deer,''said I, "is that your husband's portrait onthebackofthesign?"(therewasa.pictureofastagfactory of David J. Van Winkle, and the staircase manufac tory of Charles H. Blackhurst Considerable difficulty and delay were experienced in getting water, the hydrants in the vicinity being frozen. Mr. Roome's loss will be abou $2,000; insured for $1,000 to the S t Mark's Insurance Company. Mr Blackhurst s loss will amount to about $600. no insurance. Mr. Van Winkle's loss will be about 5100; insured in the St. Mark's and St. Nicholas insurance companies. Tbo building is owned by A. v 8. Bussell.ChinaPortugal,Cape Verde Isles, axT otal./.2,081,060 2.37S,«73£60,283,774but as no question which I favor or which they favor is form). Are you in doubt to whom be belongs, and with antlers on the reverse of the poetical swing board,It is damaged about $500, and insured for $1,500 in the lederal money, $51^837,740. Bring a fair slice of this inWe published on Thursday an interesting account of themisery, destitution and recklessness In which they live Intheenjoymentofthat"freedom"bestowedupon thembyMaryland. '(William at ittends during the coming week to issue orders preventingthe only thing that will prevent New York being a ''ailinginspite ofbis grave endeavors to putt_mm-elf underguard. It exhibits* itself in his motions and gestures, inthe flourish of his Bands as he buck'ea up the pony, »the looseness of bis gait, the swing of his head and the so much for CufiVef Has he not enlisted to his behalf rollofbiseyes. Halvery language waspregnant with everyphilanthropist in Kngland? Isbe notwithinten mirth. Thus:—"Bill 1""Then,'' I thought to myself, "I would, for poorOuffee'sphilanthropyhadsomethingoettc-rtosfinwtoanadmiring Pursuanttoadvertisement,thefallowingnamedstallions,either intended as a pictographic pun upon the name of "Deer," or as a hint to sportsmen of good game here- abouts).Rutgers, Hamilton and Excelsior insurance companies.A NEW Sorrmrns CNIFORH.—A new, rich and costlysteamers through the ]>ort of Millord Haven, and a cor- responding portion by sailing vessels, aa the two are euro to go together, and see what a vast trade there will belikely to be affected by anyfailure to organize the House,I shall not throw any obstacle in the way of any movementwhich is likely to lead to a final result, as against therepublican party. (Applause from the democrats.) I do inot believe that my constituents, or the people or the Staleof Alabama,wouldbeaffectedin anyway,even ifthegovernment itself wastocome toa dead lock in its'operations. (Laughter) If the statutes which have been j Tell me, whose image and superscription are these ? Y ou as to dat, h e ain't good looking to brag on, but I don'tthink he looks quite like a beast, neither."At this unexpected retort Bill flashed off so many pansother,surmountedbysixtyheavygiltovalbuttonsrun haveolraisingthevalueoftheirproperlyfromAveto panion also enjoyed it immensely. Being an invalid, I ning down in five rows, the coat buttoning oa the centre ten millions sterling, and their annual dividends from lesspassed for the last ten years were obliterated, I am con- answer, "God made man In His own image; in the likeness atitution, and every right, than those same men Who m et vinced not a m an in m y district would know it or of God created He him." Then, I say, " Render unto Ce- togetheratBarnstabletheotherdaytoproclaimtheiraile- feel it,unless they sawit In the newspapers. sarthethingswhichareC&sar's,butuntoGodthethingsput in operation ere long, and carried o a t And see what lace covering the breast, crossed from one side to the a splendid opi.onui.ity ihe directors of those two railwaysFrom different natures marvellously mixed; Connection exquisite of distant worlds; Distinguishedlinkinbeing'sendlesschain; MidwayfromnothingtotheDeity."Why," replied Drs. Deer, an old, tidy wench of fifty, pretty well bent by rheumatism, and so square in the low- erhalfofherfigureandsospareintheupperthatsheap- pearedtohavebeen carvedoutofherown hips,"why,uniform has just been completed in this city for the opened for the Great Western and tiouth Wales railways, Governor's Horse Guards, Captain Du Biguon, of Mil- between Milford Haven and London. And you are ledgeville,Ga.,andcostingintheneighborhoodof$2,000. not uninterested spectators in Ibis move. This Thepantsareofadarkblue,with a redandgold lace combination of routes, this vast commercial strip down the sides. The coat is also a dark blue, gold scheme, I *ave good reason for saving, w l l b eatoncethatheseemedtobeaplatoonofmilitia.Mycom-theshamphilanthropistsoftheundergroundrailroad,who steal them away from the comforts of a home and "Yf8,*eah; I left when I was young. Bill, what you in regard to this matter. Mayor Tiemonn always fa- ways here that run to the seaside where there arc steam211 10*108 every window with a formidable artillery of old hats, stumps; taint fit for women (William much impressed 89 rolls of rap, quilts, carpets and indescribable bundles, with the cogency or this repetition )laughingat?Iwasyoungonce.""Were you married then—when you run away?""Ob, yes, sah' ' (a glance at Bill, who was off again.) "And left your husband behind In Maryland?""Yes, sab; but he didn't stay long dar after I left. Hevoredthethrowingofsaltduringthefallofsnow.The packetstations,withoneexception,payfromrivetofive present move of Mayor Wood will no doubt give general and a halt per ocm annual dividends, while those that dohave to do here, grobbin' op old stumps and stones; demfested. thinking, and we sec the result in a vastly dec lining trade. DuringthemonthofNovembertherewereonlytenships FATAL ACCWKXT TO A MACHINIST.—Michael Bauer, a ma- under the Emigrant act left Liverpool for ths Unitedchinist, died at the N e w York Hospital, yesterday, fromthe effects of injuries accidentally received on the 20th Scotia best." (Whatever visions of Maryland were gleam ultimo, at the corner of Thirty-seventh street and Eighth"Yes," replied my companion; "and they have a prettybard tune of it. Between yeu and I," he continued, "theyare a miserable set of devils; they won't work, and theyshiver it out here as well as they can. During the most land? Here you have to work so much harder, to suffer tered that amputation was deemed necessary. Soon alterof the year they are in a state of abject want, aad then so much fium the cold and the rheumatism, and get so the operation was performed, deceased commenced to service. Now there arc to be weekly ateamarn theyarevervhumble;butinthestrawberryseasonthey littleforit;*'forIcooIdnothelplookingoverthegreen sink,andfailedgraduallyuntilyesterday,whenheex carryingBritishmails,every Wednesday,fromIa%tov make a little money, and while it lasts are fat and saucy patch of stony grass that has been rescued by the labor of piled. Coroner Schirmer held an inquest upon the body. pooi to l'oit!aBd, eaeh calling at Cork on ttiarsday, for* AKaiVALfi*From Charleston, !» the •teamaMp Naybvflle-T* Bggiee enough. We can't d o anything with them; they won't a quarter century.the 1-ondon mails of th e preceding day. t8JP>T write here in I> ndon, at noon on Wednesday, the stop is weigh- ing anchor a: Liverpool, and at ninetintirrening the tetter leaves here for the circuitous route,fir swntrafl for Hoiy- head,DublinandCork,toiwawBtoesteamerthereto- morrow. When the Gsdwytolsmsrsarestartod-asGal- Wayissomehoursnearer""dosiby railaadone day nearer America by stassnsr—we shall hare a still tanner acceleration of speed.There is a bettor tone and temper to the English acd French press towtrds one another, and alto- gether Continental pontics a r e n o t to quite a s preca-Jan. 7.—WtUiamHolmes w. CharlotteL. Halms—The rious a state as formerly. Ihe mast outrageous actiasectieea!party. Hebaddoubtsastothenation^Uyj\ _!** 5?*acT*c7. and was prepared t>» susta'n thisjop:. Ju:ea<.'oasahu.B Gallant J Uartet Louis Rock, L F i.eaeux. larger. This was "Deer's Castle " In front ot the castle vise them to stay where they are?"MrsRBeatty,MrsJt:teaity.Mrb Bnes**.Vaatotee,J M C a r v a i b n , " a r i l ; Mr M e l b a r d o a n d s o n . H o a d a r a s ; Mr G u - aiDaoo. J G* Vapas, P«wghkeepsle; J Ctoneas^lto andMrsJJT..- "?*' (d«aa.» of 8. q . said this was cwel extrbor * ieaaader and ehfid, BrTpEoeoae, CMarnn, DWottJ Oerflt amwi.1 dl-Lllr'''•'"'> wss B(jtiQ tail fellowship with the k KauiBtaa. LoutiYill-i; CamU* de Potimsc. J Raeimi%n«cot; toT^Jl******' Uteughnexpressedhissenttmesti. BearerofDespatchestoRussia;»WGaiteau,IsaacpWUkm-r ^ T l ^ / ^ y **« U>« deawcracy was split and fc>rn • n Bra J Howe. A Blum, L Koch. Beery Drencher, h W b ^ 2 r .• *•* '^ouuaera oepoaitioa oald not oxan WlUtena. Mr acd M» B Cornell and cMM, Mr and Mas Beauxaxdfoor children, Mrs Williams, Cwasaswingsian,withaninscription;—W P H s m D e e r , w h o l i v e s h e r e .Beeps the beatof wine and beer, Brandy and Oder, and other good cheer; Ftea. and ducks, sod moose., and: doer,fMrs. Deeratthis looked a longtimeatWilliam,andW i l l i a m l o o k e d e a r n e s t l y a t s i s p a r e n t T h e n s h e c o c k e dher head on the other side to take a new view of thequestion. Then she gathered up mouth and eyebrows ina puzzle, and again broadened out upon Bill in aa odd kindofsmile:atlast*bedoubledwponefist,putitagainsthercheek, glanced at Bill, and out came the answer: "Well,sah, I'd let 'em take dere own beads for c a t " I mass) was given tote her custody. S h e came on here, and h a s confess the philosophy of this remark awakened in me f been residing with her mother and step-rather, Mr.into a most obstreperous laugh. As for Mrs. Deer, she Holmes arrived and obtained the present write, which will be reprieved. Fred Douglass Baa arrived, and grej5?*- ***5*«*d tneWashingtonStatesand ChariekmItappearsthatsometimea^othepartieswereresideno f T r o y , a n d M r , H o l m e s b e c o m i n g i n f u s e d w i t h t h e m a n i a • w e r e s o m e w o m e n a n d c h i l d r e n ; w i t h o u t a m o m e n t ' snedfckandservant,CiervkaeWheeler,MrsJeaakertaadchild,Cansatortbetiathewoodsjuathere. WttaTcutKta or stoaka, as will appear; NTf you will atop you need not tearBut yon will be well retted by WUnam Dear, a ndV Mrs. Deer, Madearest deary dear.proceeded to Chicago,and obtained awrit ofhabeas corpus from Judge Goodrich; after argument th e chillmortally wounded a woman. Whatcanbe expectedof such a state o f things, a n d what kind o f neighbors d o such people make rlucre at a good deal of talk here wepecting the case of Jchn.Brown, and hopes are unirersaMy expressed thatbrr«*ad themselvee standing between t h e fci.iouB n , torSa*aaMk,Inthetteamsh'pAugusta—N B Patten, Mrs Iquotefrommemory, Tecprecisewordshaveescaped trainofverygrave reflections, butmy companionburst Christy,in Brooklyn, ever since. A few daysagoMr.• UateTSir* •* » * owmervatlve party. Tfc»y Ionise S»»f :?•JUKJroiaut Mi-» i ougfia, iamual J Craigaadms, buttheaboveisthesubstanceofthe sene,andthe metre is accurate.,waZT-K!?'mi ***"dboretodayasUnion mca. »tof seoesstoo in theSouthern State*.•*re,lha^esHCarman BCRagles,Henry Rater and wife, It. mMSberell. rVi-jamin HtereO. CH Kmg. John B rteua- dorseratd wife, w » FUmfog J M Iterin*rw WMayrafaat, l>Iiewleu.M«aaMarthaKe-JettBBCrane,WsftCrane aad two ikfania, MiaBaun* Crane. Mte Dora. Maw B> 8 Brown, J r Benfdsley.M *» WTufta, J I P Freeman, Mrtoa, Mies K h » Ward. John Budd, JSeaaBar. M WcOff.TOotbab,BBrewster,HGabb,CWHooa.J<eookWbBe aad wile. Wm A Heetog. L Suhn, BusBrockaMCJArk. MVwlyjXand wMn, • ndservaut, C U. Genung. J McCoaker-*shook her old hips as locg as she could stand, and then sat down and continued, until she wiped the tears out of her eyes with the corner of bar apron. William oast him-were returnable this morning Mrs. Holmes came to the Court with her child, bat was told that the Judge would not near thecase, andsheaccordingly left SheprtparatioBBaremakingforaaemsnstration to ravor_t» the oppressed slave aadI the "question tof the howl, 1 bear it sttatotetedd that neither Mr. Spunrrggeoenen, t.ihntecongrS« such doctrines since he came " **dthiscamefromtondemocratic_ " todee placed Mr. Gilmer in a pes-"-ata refused to support e l C; M r. Wmatft, (dea.>i»? ) ofArk., andseveral others, **tefforMr.uiiBMrthatheWasrepabttcaas.<W one of nts own party;» anand conservative i »«iM take the democratof th e House, b eIt was alittle weather beaten shanty of boards, thatduns;likeBakestotheframework. Ashowbox ofaroom, papered with select wood cute from Punch and the self down upon a strawberry bank and gave way to the was subsequently found. On being again brought to tksn nor the English r*©P * generally, take toe slig^ mutate* Lmi*>n JV«m, was the grand banquet halt of most flagrant mirth, kicking wphis old shoesto the air, Conrt, Mr. H. W. Robinson, associated with Mr. J. W . trneteiert in ihe row between Cbeever and his^mthe csstie. Ann indeed it was a castle compared with thewretchedredoebtaofpovertyaroundit Herewechangedana fairly wallowing in laughter and btossoms. I endea- voredtochangethe subject "BUI.didyou catchanyGreen for defendant, stated the above facta, and asked for apostponement,toordertonavetimetoembodythedo cisionofJudgo Goodrich,ofChicago,to Mrs.Holmes' answer to the writ.«Jodf« Leonard granted a postponement until Tuesday1(He is looked on here s s a fanatical, onarreisome1w»^ry nobodv,withnvithtrtemper,tastenormanners,^, ^ IitCU>rato*. He ts only known by his frayjgtfiat no- "nigger" ptoi'sinto iHjdy re;horses, or rather we exchanged our horse for a diminutive troeff" B waa some time before Wilnum could «»troi(William utters an affirmative flash.) "ButwhichplacedoyouHxethebest?""Well," said Mrs. Deer, glancing at Bill, "I like Nova"But why," said I, "do yen prefer Nova Scotia to Mary-Yoratr wn-Heury B Mas era and lady, A CMateU, B W Goa- was a good natnred yellow boy, about fifteen years of age, did not ask Mrs-Deer any[maw ouastions; but there M a morning—the child in th e meantime to remain in l b ? by "edi»ing ' them. When aucb a man P Smiles oi either the British nag or Acedia? Does not the Duchess of Sutherland entertain the auUMress of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and the Black Swan? Why should I sor-grees were not mentioned b y th e salesman; and strange 8100,000.000. The passenger trasto on each railway is aboutof Bill, seems remarkably cheerful and fresh after his down, and bid to be kept open till money paid down. The rate of increase is over thirteen par cant annually. LastplaceforthesteamersintheopeningupoftheAustrahan, citybyprivateparties.Greatcomplainthasbeenmade CalifornianandChinatrade.Allofthemetropolitanrail-thesaltingofBroadwayand otherleading streets in the"But which place do you like the best—Nova Scotia or pearance. A post mortem examination showed that munications beyond seartwo large passenger ships, with over eight hundred attention of the Ten Governors to the condition of the pri- lives—one of them a steamer—within six months—son, and recommended that some measures be takento directly on the coast and approaches, has "And de winter here—ah! it's wonderful try in'." exterminate the vermin with which it appears to be in- set travellers, as well as shippers and merchants, toDonaeatlcSCPBEME COCBT—CHAMBERS.of spiritualism, left his wife, carrying with him this childmmTo the United StatesCentral American States and the West Indies.. South AmericaThis to pafl. Joan Seaaot, Bichard Sberman, Biehard Tate and iaiy, M ibaw, C f BXgsa, W Dezenche-aad U tame steerage-,with such a developement of underttp and such a wantmoral in the story, enough for a day.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069custody of ber mother.violent banos en, or even touch, tne ww—www.fultonhistory.com 