 "'8^ 'Si0^ot?v^ TORttf*ifransaeaonsnMrt^d.!•Wkbu* tteteaatmate th« elovMBoe of Judge Dovolas, or the.,.theorythatitbelongedCitybodyBut the Exchange finds another flaw in the scheme:are not without South.jnEW-XOBK.SATgBPAT, VBXMBW-TOIHPT. 17. IBM.Hops, TaUow and WkUtjr. MMiiM ttOr new this extent, in additioninotherbranchesofTheQnettioBofBecoMiom.The idea of a CoDstitntional ri^t in theof hto think that he^B^ ^confident thqr wUl riseweJe.«,'a.eeS*^ 'riMlibii la t>>* '"** '""K froBtlBC the OltrmFwk-rav.Bprae*wadKawraita.TheDiriAoftke Owitii;AD TUOS (D»tij) li fabliited aTery na«tW-TOBXStates to secedeon ita teceans. ButtheUtterare too shrewdtoapply Union throagji certain portions of the ponement,howgreatmustbethewonderof Th*generaldrtftofSouthern so sentiment,Pkik..iiom the Union, is an ab-nfnliu »ii'' sradiW—'r<M*«oOnm,nnredat iDisurditystance to a deelBTation that the of a have precipitated a revolntion. It is to be de- quent ex-candidate for the Presidency ity we devote ten millions to adorn the Oity towards a bifmventioa of all the Blsve-hoUingn^MTwMk nalM Six DotUH mTSU.^^Knr-TOBKTnna(SMi-WMk]r>-TMBn Stateareundernoobligationtoobeyalaw,luiif^: two «••«*•-•'*-•«»' 'ilTiSS!''^ize the value of Dr. Faust'slay claim. If they were really actuated by He will not understand that any paper, even bellishments, but remove a most shamefhl re- em State ^iparently Aran laiVirginia,that sentiment, they would Post- of average Southern compel everyHIBIiO'S OASDKIf—lu thai SinoM IS m Beoit AT na Swav.termination,atrong fetlinf thejealosy StateaGeis— LiAKA UKfS'S THXAXSK-^Bmo An rAin-and inviteof the South to follow their example.chancely appointed estcare,armedwltti the science, andFrench and English services.growing up tfaemadreK OairorOn.FAnnuios.NGWS OF THE DAY.country.We haveThepoitaace which we have this morning isance.the Uniononlydisunion indicaticHi of any special im- a dis-and we areCarolina, has a deeper interest in its preserva- tion than any other. We think so, for thespeech, setting forth his views in reference to the necessity of maintaining the Union, andpolicy,of China must eitherof all was held there yesterday, whichpronunciamientoarmy. If he continues obstinate, hisparfeetty a ,of them on the southern side, and appearedbe undoubtedly entitled to very wide atten-tion.In quelling the secession spirit of the Cottonbut their value in fonningaa estimate of the tendency of eveirts l| thedol- peopleploredthatthereisnotasmuchofsensitivedoes notobstinately o^if a majority of them were opposed tokBTe no more than the resolutions authoritycfaikntM.Sp«olB€aiiBBbentenraid«<MOPlI«tlaa. mentofactsof whichare THX mas FOB ClLirOBNU to pnbllita* en the Congresshonor the amongpreachersof treason astheydiscovery. million which would not onlyadd to ita em-posedto such aconrae,birt'every it.oiherSooth-ro«» (•ekljr)-Two Douam ay«r; two €«»« !««»»«*»»! '"'i?^^°^ pused in pursuance of its provisions wouldproach fiom our public spirit?The Third CUaa '#ar. strong, anythfafIn addition to our own very interesting let-iL l3w-T«BKing is very that if ii^ be dooat %\ tadL, AtV \mwu •» •*« «nfysr»»-hfthe unitedacrttert, «,»^«<^nUmOuJMmm» *wwThe <tf a pabUcofwill insist also from the of the nrdeirti rtiMiwIaia in VirgMa mnm theeoinymrtawrtTw'ee]^ and WiMt%MnttoCl«mT»««ttfc.U»J«« only claimed the right of resisting the enforce-i.meeting.The Nullifiers of 1882ter, which we pnbiWt this morning, we copy special correspondenceLondonTimetai^iaphli descriptionotthecleariy deputare of erery MaU •teener. Pitoe, Im wnppen, onconstltutional, but the Secessionisto of theters' ofthe Cotton^freni, to decide thia iaaoe far tfaamselfaa.•reeanU tor dngVe eoplcf.Thud—Ouh iuTifUblr la tdraaie. AI11ettantobeeddiee«edteB.J.RATltOin>ft CO.,PncdetoaoftheNir%-T«wtaai,Mev-TarkOltr.present day insist upon an imqualified rigtit ofsecession for cause, or for no cause. They anydislike Ur. Lucoui's polities, and without waiting to see whether he wjjl InTade their constitutional rights, they propoae to secedeof and talking incessantly,claim apractice. But we at the Baipe time have ad- nnrBOWCKITHXJlTBE—TnOounAx>—Val- mittedtheinjusticeandinexpediencyofhold-ownAn> OBioa—Stoe'a TonaUvoufBOWBST THEJlTSE—SrAUuaa k Boaui' Cuova. confederacy equalforce. This a is.firom their intrenchedways and means of effecting it. ern Convention1lad Krenlac-irHAT U Ii ? ISTIO (teLSUH—Bosx EUOK.ingto his ovemastercamps,•ARltmrgIt may or may not be.were generallyKUSEinC-DtyHOOLKT k CAHFBELL'S, NIblo'e Saloon—EihiopiabIf itadopted by the people of the North, it woiddtheir earnest desire to meet all the constitutional demands of the South, even at a very considerable sacrifice to themselves. It would signify their willingness to do all inpositionbrieftosist the—KMT»»Tilla of reciprocityand benefits.It wasmainder of the forte thenandof the vrtioleseparate secession of Soatk.CaitdiaalimiT».Carolina vrill be Convention, whether sheingunanimously favored secessionawaittheactionofotherStatesbeingvoteddown reason tothenattireofherSouthernThe Baltimore Exchange discovers strongrianfact that he is noparties —resolutions torights.chart ofat some centralofspeciaTlegisIation. TheBepublicansofMaryland jorityprerogativewish, shared in common with all those in thisthis incessant musketry-fire of small-thirty-flfCTjmfsthe bnsioessthe^tate requiring— in a State—atConstitution of the United States is also aThisWefromunder- nullifi-Thg^and hindrances to immediate changes of the;Gko. Gist, with a large body of men, is r^eatedin COT Baithnoie dispatch this morning, on the amendments may be made, are variousanendeavor, by force,but strength of a telegram received in that city. There they generally require, as a preliminary step,against served with all the appliances of logic. No or toEmpirein order to civilizewill(toubtlessbesome to knowwhothe " curiositypop-gtm feate of his, however dexterous, can icy that is notmerely pursuedthe recommendation of the Legialatnre, which promiiMnt New-York Captam" is. Everything must be made a two-thirds vote. Thisreao^BsquietattfaaKationalCapital. Allappre- bytheirperformance normmmembers of Congress are beginning to zirrive and lar vote, and if a are;fittingcharacter of ing, the people themselves. Thepreparesfornothing.Thesamehaaaiooappearstohavediisa out. Meantime recommeiidatimimustbesniwMttedtoaforthe makethecitybusy.approachingsessionwillsoonpopu- majority of,suffrages20,000 men behind them, will wring from theprepaiationsgiveninitsfavor,thechangetakesplace. It is certainly not asking too much of the States that these formalities shall be rigidly observed.processAn interesting account of the visit of the Chi-nese rebels to Shanghai is given by our correspon-dent in that city. On the 18th ol August a large In some of the States the—of amend- ever heard any complaint on that score.Emperortheyde-were fired upon the English Guards. They ing the Constitution is stUl more complicated bytoward they or more faithfulthen passed round to the eastern suburb, which than that above described, in order to guard" propositionwe have no doubt that asuch shrewdness and experience must fore-kindly disposed fiiture,they occupied, and demanded admission at theeastern gate, which demand was answered with ashower of grape. Notwithstanding the unwel- passion. COBM character of their reception, they made nobelligerent demonstration against the city, theirWe attach no great Importance, however, to theStates,politician of in their observance ofThey answered thatputtingdefend it.rel with the foreigners, and subsequently with-drew entirely from the vicinitythe South which no North-—merchants, and the opportunity, of coarse, was availed of for murder and plunder.unquestionablyYork. This State has never passed what isstyled a "Personal Liberty bill." The at- four years from now, the good opinion of theWashington,secession.Georgia, it would seemvalueshebegto inform ourcorrespondent thatfonnation of the capture ofGuadalajara,— butobtained all the concessions and thetheyhad noquar- presented in all the Southern States. Thethe secession He conspirators.and in bearding the lion in his den, and telling the Southern people to their faces those dan- gers into which their madcap politicians are—expected byagainstintimating, how-inequally prominent station enjoys; for their improvement in the art of war dur- the columns of your widely circulated journal, theever, that were they so disposed, they had a force suppoUers of Breckinridoe to meet them onsufficient to capture the place. The Allies seem it. In all the more Northern of these StatesNow, Mr. Editor, will you please suggest, thiougkto have behaved in the most unwarrantable man-ner in their defence of ihe city. Two of the sub-urbs were burned down by them, involving a ance of the issuethatto the popular vote, and the Territories to.be gorenied by the decision of the majority, ttieteby healing the wounds said to have been inflicted on ttie Soatti by the election of Lncoui, as I think the saoM is Qiegreat loss, not only to accepted. the Chinese but to foreign and the Gulf States it was.To begin with, the Exchange is mistaken onwe learn that the LiberalWethis is precisely the question wliich has just— tension of Slavery,ceived inGovernment have as yet received no authentic in-doubt upon it.head of only two thousand men, one report said in the direction of San Luis Potosi, and another inl^ftthe at the Capitalthe one side, and theof China on the good understandinga few days ago.Jap^ have been received at the State Depart- States and those whoprogressof the Board of Canvassers is witfefaedment. He gives an account of the arrival home offinally,the Southern tour of the late Democratic can- didate for the Presidency should warn him notto himself too often or too exposeitterofingtheconpatlied the Japanese Embassy to Stn Fran- respected should be made to respect the rights cisco. The coBunaBder of the steauier. accom- of State minorities, whose ina question of dollars and cents to the South.Itisaquestionofproperty. ButiftheyiFtpanesetheWasliington, on the occasion of the inauguration oftwoGovernorsofForeignAffairs,hadpatfed l)y the secession schemes it is ca&sd on Ki. TTin^imi, by order of the Tycoon, to—insistouslytothegazeandreachofvulgarcrowds.OcRCourtRooms.—Anygooddeedofthe Ifithadbeen,thecorpsdoubtwhetheranylackoffrom thereception at Ban Francisco, had prodneied a livelyEmbassy, containingfull accounts (rf theIt seems th^t public opinion in those chival-—comer ofbelieved that the most gratifying results would of subjection to the Federal Government and ;follow, more especially when the Embassy should reach home and give full accounts of all their ex- perience in the United States.There are •• '" at the feelingsNorth, aslending to collision and strife," was the means of CTeating many friendships wliich have not siuce been disturbed^ofactment Thefrom the Union,theltatsterStatesknow and weigh his opinions.That his motive in these Southern travels is good one, we feel no inclination to question.only to protest, and chiefly for his sake, against these intermittent but most violent attacks of speech Which seem ta over- take him at every railroad-station, and utterly;stftogers,as yet sufficiently real- wkiianewParte; Whilewebalkatthesin^States.SonfliOanriiaaseemswereiMlgn, •etresIte two Stateeto «*ie^U^btm^'SlS^fSiMj^^,prejoitMr.Lmooui'.inangura-•—^-totheotherbnrdens weightnaoe it amounts in sub-the test to the pocket-nerve, until they shall Southern States. Perhaps it is that the elo-who see with what cordial liberal- far aa we^san judge from the latest advicea, isConstitution, thus interpreted, would be a mere rope of sand, and the lawscirculation, would place master to throw up his place, at whatever his thoughts eventually, and in permanentand otherBorder Statea, pa»tfcalai1j,the feel-We have alrea^ attempted to [wltat out the onreasonaMeness of this doctrine, and'the an-tached too otirselves" to the Sepublican Partysrtves areB» «p||^t'M«re8tita en^to bearciiy to which it must neoessarUy lead, in we could not (Unk of accepting any such com-of thetheyNorth. ThialailIfii'lliof secession,—bnt the finmer win render it impossible for them, to agree npon thethe Statesor by the Oenerml Oovemment, "significant"andon the 2l8ttogether byof .States, wiiich enteredinto a union with the expectation of enjoyinggestion that ftagitire slaves should be paid Jrightspresumed that they would be gradually moreand more assimilated to each other, andthefew 8c<»e, or even a few himdred hearers. These are mere talks, not argnmento theycapitulated, possessorsthewould bein the bonds of friendship, rather than of;immediate result of theportant consequences cannot be muchdesires it-or not. the qnestioa is one of common ia-bound©OCPIL'S GALLBKT, Ho. 772 BrMdirey—ADAH asd force. If for any cause this beneficent^! their power towards removing grounds ofSCHAtTS' GAl^LERT, No. 6» Broadway—Tsil MULLA" PiOTcaa."ClN-thattheyperpetuallytogetherivictory;its more im-Etx—Thx TurTATioic ass THX Bzmuioii. &,nrpo8e has failedhadthey will favor a recommencement of negoti-to assign any reason whynot easy should not; if the UnionOANAIr-STSXST—No. 38E—WBrnooxf Fan Gallixt 'ceased to be held together by the ties of?' two sections of thethe present, and that ations. These negotiations can only lead totheytogether as to the properhasj complaintinterest and friendship, we confess our ina- little expectation that it will be regardedthus take counsel course to be pursued.the North—we believe the Republicans much more likely to think well of it, than those who have claimed patch from Mobile, Ala., which states that a meet- that the most disaffected of the States, South to be the special and exclusive champions ofwhereas, if heNow we a Southern regardbility to see any good reason for its continu-with favOr anygeneralbyone end.matum from which they will not recede, andWe have no doubts about the utility ofto change itspleasure.Thetheir observance of treaty stipulations, and are utterly regardlesstempertobeso. Forthesenationalpeculiari-;clearlyopinionEmperorgrant "theirthat, owinglation, she is the weakest and most helpless ofsafe in his ownlonger capitalConvention of intelligent delegates from aUthe Slaveholding States.Here is one of them One thing will at once strike the Southern reader, states that there was nothing of interest to tele- the States. But we concede to her people the which is this, that as it is the North, and not theand withdrawn. A dispatch from Augusta, Ga., gr^h from important Southern centres. In fact,from our and newspaper ex- dispatchesobjections to the plan. ":judgingtracts, the secession feeling is rapidly narrowing allyor Clay wouldwithin aem States, and will mostveryis ofexample worthy imitation.circumscribed portion of the South-rightto think otherwise. If are theySouth, which asks to be released from the perfor-mance of a constitutional >< u tke NortK alone duty,which should make the proposed compensation* Uponthe theory that the South already pays an undue share and of the national revenue, the remuneration of thesion of the Senate of the United States. ThisleadingPowers of we have never Europe,andthat they cannot enjoy an equality of rights inceased to doubt the wisdom of force to usingcompel an exclusive and barbarous people likethe Union, and thatto two or three of them at most. It will injured by the Government which shouldtheirWecan assure the gallant Senator thattheCliinese to abandon theireven in8tincte,for the benefit of commerce andareentirelybe seen that the extra session of the Virginia tect and cherish them, we win not defend theprolnblysoon be confinedtheyoppressedpolicy, habita,andpermanently impressedLegislature, for which Gov, LIICBXS has issued right of the Federal Government to hold them justment, large part ofaccumulating any fiilthat a war like the one nowhis proclamation, is simply called one week earlier than it would have been in the ordinary course—inas a Butit is notthethe Constitution intended to guatd—or defbrenoe totheframsrs ofall loss upon this accavnt."objection direct oppositionhave issued a manifesto, through the gentlemen .who Muii/VuiT candidates for electors in the latectection, i^'wMcfa they strongly advise firmness part of the Constitution of the several States eontended that the duty belonged to the;and wHiesion to the Republican principles. and to throw it off, therefore, all the checksentertain BO fears for the ultimatesalay of the Union. The atatament madein our letter from Columbia, S. C, pub- State Constitutions should be scrupulously re-perpetuityconquered province.against comes a little too late. Inmillions ster- this mean ? Is it experience, tiiat theperhaps allegiance,majorityling.lished yesterday morning, that a prominent spected. These provisions in the State Con-New-York Captain has offered his services to stitutions, regulating the maimer in which passed in 1860 and now in force drawn by apoliticala transientallstrug- Chinese are faithless inof thethedemands or see Pekin occupied by a barba-"celestial eyes will soon be rudely opened to thegener- with the ideais the course which Wbbstxbhave pursued under like circumstances, andofa barema-^pmdence,the distinction which Mr. Buchahak isstood to draw between secession and cation ?popu-;it, pol- everypro-slaveholder, as the Tutxs. proposes, would still leave much the greater part of the loss of the fugitive slaves upon that section, and anyhow, by this mode of ad-— there is nothing invidious in this advice ^nodesiie to prevent hisamount of capital he may be able to gatherclosely and aretakentodisclaimanagainst the effects of sudden gusts of popularIf these tests of the settled and permanent hend that their Southern irethren do not regari this astreaty stipulations,convictions of the SouthernFrom the 19th to the 22d they contented them- upon, we doubt if any State except South which compared with theandthey wish to violate the treaty to which theyare now to compelledofthe Nev>- York Times:object seeming rather to propitiate the foreigners.peopleare insistedsuspect that the extremely small loss &om escape—selves with merely showing themselves before thewalls, without firing a shot or mating any effort toattack.when a message was sent to them stating thatthe Allies were in possession of the city, and would Disunion, in case of Lincoln's election, wasaggregatespeech,to-day^Carolina, would vote itself out of the Union; In the recent elections the issue of Union orof this do we say to diminish the appreciation of thosefriends of Bell and of Dot olas challenged tliehopescesses, and not altogether without reason,tlie latter could not be goaded into the accept-ingpast yearEng-;tiiatthe election. With reference to two aeata in Congress, two or three seate in the ^ iiismWy.the andthe Oe Registership Snpervisorrtiip,votes which apparently dected BepnbHcaasare close,andavariationofavery perilouslyfewfiguresinthereturnsfromtheseveralelec- tion districte may turn the scale in fiftvixr of the opposite candidates. Such variationa are;while in South CarolinaInSouth Carolina, we are sorry to believe that a a point of fact\i||i{Ito be a little more considerate.talking everywhere, very seriously hnpairlng his capacities for public usefulness, while utterly destroyingasorable to thethe Chinese fought withThey cooaaeia, excladed.|recentlyelitetroops were driven|I\J:|\A South- win be indispensable to Taku forte was carried by assault. The re- any action ; 'Virginia and Eentael^ win re-deserves well By the latest official advices from Mexico re- large majority of the people are in favor of as it supposes on the statute-book of New- Nevertheless, let us suggest to him, as heBut insome- that a decided majority voted against Bbeck-what detailed accounts of which we have received iNRiDGE, and thus indicated their hostility tofirmi other sources. The latest correspondence of disunion. The same seems to have been thetempt has been made once or twice,been submitted to thethe election of LntcoLn. ex-the New-Orleans Picayune also throws soniecase in Alabama, and we doulit.if Brkckix- jiiDGE has carried a State, unless it be Missis-Evening which Northern journals have to pay,that he and in-Misaxom hadPost,journals quiteshould at once abate thesippi, by, a majority of the popular vote.Before the States are permitted to secede, the admission that thepresent po- reputation, better for his lungs, and better forother;vote. And- the cause of the present disturbance at the Sonfii lies in the fact that the Sonth was beaten onthe direction of Guanajuato. It is apparentlyrather a difficult matter to keep track of him. Anattempt made by one of his Generals to plunder the severest tests of public sentiment should which slave-property is exposed from this the British Consulate at San Luis, where $100,-000 of the money taken from the coniuctaDegollasq had been deposited, was prevented bytive submitted to thepopularbe applied. school areThe politicians of the secessionsource is smaller thanerty sustains from other casualties.Certainly, JudgeGen.—Gen. Altabzz. We receive a confirmation of the norities. They should therefore be compelled unquestienably true but it does not agree of men as rush out to him or—it voted on again, but it would be with therepeat that a new diplomatic movement was on tu the foot, in which the Prussian, British, Spanish and respectof the greetminorities among with the general tenor of Southern outcries him upon the platforms of railroad stations.American Ministers would act inconjunction." Familiarity," as the proverb says, breedsgainers. Visit of the-~Albany Bnrgesses Corps ^„favorbut not otherwise. We see no neces-retirementof Ministerfromthe the|BritishUnion. Itisamaximinthe Courts Chancerythat whoever demands must be com- equitylamation one would suppose that the slavehold-inginteresthadbeenirretrievablyruinedby thataSenatoroftheUnitedStatesmustbe- --Capital is known to be permanent, as a part of his legation cameinthesteamshipTennesseetoNew-Orleanswefugi- above reach of this proverb in ita vulgar sense, one of the recent incidente attendingbygreatsticklers for theof mi-then privilege. hadbeanraceivedinSanFianeisco,andparticu- AMaitkrokUo.nor— Theymustgivesomeweighttotheconscien-ezprassthethanksofhisMsjestrfortliefriendlyand byconfiscationanddeath. cordial:yt^edatewithwlilchtneofficersaadmentheymustconcedetousthesamewisdomwouldhavebeenshown. Youare peculiarclaimstorecognition. outoftherecordwhenyou^ay"ithasneverbeen—larly for the lepgin of the steamer at Mare Islaad ^The conduct o/ (he tious scruples, and perhaps stUl more to thewas recordedby way of asserting their independenee, all theery.well as at the—and ilits present accommodations are sub-rightsrightsThe them who are anxious to continue in the on this subject. To judge by the current dec- "—sity for repeating that experiment.pelled to do equity. There are oppressed mi- the refusal of the North to surrender Dixpatches from Mr. Habris, our Minister in norities in the States as well as in the United tives.Washington. lb the Editor of Ihe New-York Times :" Allowmetosayonewordinregardtothe un-vnise proceeding" of the Albany Burgesses Corps al- luded to in your issue of the lith Last.clamorously insist thatAndwith alldue deference to thewith an interest second to onlysteamer which ac- the rights of the Federal minority shall be Exchange, we do regard this as CaTuOnatnarrah,dae to' Northern merchants, have been com-the Canada, and brings the second edition ef the pelled to resign. But the Postmasters, it find it best to set aside their feelings, orjurors and barristers, but as it renderingof citizen soldiers of the Union, not as partiaans, orphysi- " that Judgethis port last night. She sailed one laterday tnanPo8sit>lypartiesLOBdon Times of in Saturday,which we findseems, although swearing allegiasce,like the are ad-inauguration people.eoaldHtmv^Otaa-mmthi^e-qoarters of a mOion doUars. A tax tott««tenedto Monbyftece. 'W'erather biliousneigbbwtliinkswe have"at-army, equipped with thelatest invhntions ofaisoogQiem- iiaenifeal«^>7«IthoaghsignifySooth compeUed to go into a generalissueHe has been both the companion and combatant of the men who EnglandPacifylag the Sonth. TenssiT, Nor. 15, IMS,.see an easy victory.are now loudest in mouthing all the treasonable 20,000 men toacquiescenceproposed to secure OH treating it as a matter of feeling,Althoughpromiscu- the next President of the United it is not;far.etpul poMI CwQiaes for leMttiuiinoIlBMlm td^i«lir-e<6-pMMnaladdress,weeanaotbnt ThosamoetvaderiiaHeaa*<i^Tthfit»eiy ««ioeSaM.whichthe aecesslott experimentpattinghimselftomuchneed- madetothose UWsdelays, wMcfc^np^^»* tlopswhichhavenowbeenmade.willuponthepeople,mightopentheeyesofagreat lesstrouMeiniheqnantttyandfrequencyof thesoulsoflitigantsinanffersbly. Ift^'POVtmany to the folly and madness of the politici- the speeches he is delivering in favor of the of a new building is the only ground of post-cost to the public. But their inconsistencyon this point shows a which mercenary spirit,form, before a larger number of readers thancould possibly be collected within soundin this matter, it mnst be done actionofaOflkej^grieredpartiee. Xhemoatwe could never have looked of honor.in men so fullhis voice,on drugging the market with them, are mat-The Fnfitive BUre Law Acain.We beg our friends of the Baltimore Ex-Ttiatchangepaper betrays a lamentable lack ofthe jealous sensitiveness of the Evening Post," whenitspeaksoftheTunsasa leadingRe-publican journal." As our amiable thoughcopied by his present coursebatSes that haveevery one anticipated, haa been highfy fav-oUticmfagStatea, or^oae of right to participate in all snchnot readi^ consent to beand causes of between the hostilityfighting enoughforwhich does not touch the realWill the people at the North never compre-Do never a question merely of dollars and cents 1 theyEditorhence In the extract from Ez-Uayor SwAnf*8value of slaves, is less than any other species of property, perhaps, isissue of I see he wish- your paper,forspeeches,, BMMHrtflMMMer,—denonnee fli^'Beheaaaentitled to any special attention,of theas theThat able journal, however, thinksbestows.plinientaiy epithetsExchangeit would those whom /all uponis conclusive when itbeing waged bytotheto the Northern States alone to frame lawswho were his friends in the lategle, and who now begin to fear that he willsoon have to go a-begging for an audience, if of international law it theirfor the surrender of fugitive slaves, the Southwhenever. suiteIt win be noted, too, that nothing whatever has been done even by South CsioUaa to pre-for that eventualpare nunifioatioa wliicftFederal Governmentever had upon this subject was framed ex- pressly on this basis. The Fugitive Slave Law—Southern Senator, advocated by all Southernmen and pressed daily, year after year, uponthe North, requires the General Government, representing South and North alike, to as- sume the labor, trouble and expense of returo- iag iHgitive slave*. The cost of that opera-—which has sHmetimes exceededtion, 150,000for a single slave, is paid by North and Southkept up. Tbeyin commonand never, until now, have wewouldmovement thusThese are aU negative indications ;and every law we havetalk be'rank him ties there is, perhaps, no other remedy than to— would be borne with cheerfulness, as it always was borne, so long as insult was not added to injury, anddefiance to wrong ? It must not beTimes, that while the legislation of the State of New-York, with that of almost all the other Northern States, man of in the matter of fugitive slaves, remains on the statute emthorouglily.exposed to from the casualties xchich belong to eachthebook, that any pretence of respect, on their part, for the Constitutional rights of the South, will be listened to for a moment."forthhas a foothold;—there is no suchlegislationof the South and only way satisfyingthough vigorously supported byasthe influential, it—frequencyof hispeople, and-deeided by Hie increase andand otherhas never met with success.or it> reaction and; ex- clusion from new Territories, wa»the alteraa-suchNavy-yard. Tue reports of tlie officors of the Federal officials in South Carolina and Geor- innate, unconquerable repugnance,—of every shape of a resolution assigning to the Su- part in the inauguration ceremonies." In 1856 theCarCitTtamarrah, together with the letters received gia presents a singular question for casuists. man at the Northaand met at Washington their military brethren from alarmingJlassacliusetts, J<e«-York, Virginia, Karyiand and quency, in one case unseating a BepobBeanagainst seizingpanting for deliverance, and sending hirafugitivesensation, especially among the nobles, and it was rou» States can no longer tolerate the thought back to a state of hopeless and perpetual slav- Chambers and Centre streets apartments "bothWbitea seat on the bench of the Superioror l—ater rather to cease making it their main object tomay soonermay yetlose hisregardforAnglo-French arms.bnposefa)oursug-12th of August the Tartarquestion at"the Chinese understand well that it perfectlycrease theIn the next place it is worth while to note litical addresses. It will be better for hisEmperor he is on terms ofanyother kind ofThis isthat issue. would doubUess like to have Tbeypercent, ofloss towith all and as the favored nation clause is;in our treaty, no possible advantages can be obtained or conquered by the Allies that will not also accrue to America. We could not desire a more favorable position, for, in anymainlyBurgesses hare contemplated visitmgprop-telegrams from the seat of war, inmg some additional information relative to themovemenu of the belligerenu. The Irish Papal vised to hold on to their offices. The reason regard the question as one to be adjusted on forcible intimation that accomplished jurists voted against him at the late election, in doing us mocracy are sedulous in their attendance openceived with enthusiasmby their countrfmen.It is much explained by the fact that the ^tranmission easier to legislate for property than for feel- meagreexchangeIn the Court of and Oyerbe.salaries"attached to judicial positions be construed to be "an menace," or aug- fortunately or unfurtunately, the Board isoutside of Bank, advanced to 12 per cent, on mer- cantile paper, while on call to the Stock Brokers, there was a fair supply at 7 per cent., and the wants of the Street comparatively moderate.by which the fire-ll eaters may get their lettersnecessity, cither politicallongeror economical theWashington— QuisiiosABLE.^The Art-Critic of a coteSB-Italy, contain-—and tomajorityothers, to the Federal Government,£iiga^ had arrived at Queenstown, and were re- for this toleration of Federal Postmasters may the basis of dollars and cents.TlieTerminer yesterday thelast. At a late hour last evening, when our re- n»uch as it derives from portscamein,theJuryhadnotbeenabletoaTeeof honor or " That the Tiais begins to feel that a dangerous repay the sacrifice.to the corpt and the .Wministration will each be left tobut whichbly give justice a partisan leai^ng. WhereTheExchangeconclaietitscommentsthus ordinary interest were disposed of. Tqohas iioR- iomething, caUed honor, ler which heroes have crisis in National ai&lrs bas at length been reached. Isreward in the serviceIt is noteworthy, in connection with thisadminister justice,errors are so possible, andmay impercepti-HUTOH, the Jury in the case of Coofkb vs. the fcUtes to a question of dollars and cents. Theand influence, uiould be deemedita wanderer, and is to seek for accommodations. seemed to us, upon its first announcement,strongfor the side of hnmin aatare. priiticalMnor,4c.,foundaverdictof$750for theabilitysatisfactory,The Supreme Court is also obliged to confine objectionable features. We need scarcely re-plam-public spirit revolts at the idea of wearing theneed not, for a moment, suppose."postage.It is thus apparent, at last, that the intangible:nothing'•standonitsownboltcm." Yoursrespectfully, HALE KINGSLSY.AlB.c^l, Nov. Jj, lt:«0. Com. of A. B. C. •In the Court of General Sessions several cases olT0», a receiver of stolen goods, was convicted on died, and about which plainly manifested by its putting out tUs feeler ;the testimony of the thieves from whom he re- poets and philosophers even If it came from that this proposal,errors sotrample on the feelings of eaeh other,impliedentire day was occupied by the trial of Mabtix of the mails through these States costs the ings ; and if anytliing practical is to be done, health and life, as well as the thorough attain- ment the hostility which is likfly to greet the In- strong in ite Democratic partialities ; a bentHauisah, for the murder of his wife, in Augu«t Federal Government about three times as it most be done in this direction.ments which such positions exact. There is ^omhig Administration," as they sincerely hope that which may not pervert it from the desire tothe undividedbutchange,that torender it feasible, anotherWcthis e-xplaiiationwithpleasure, pregnant withmomentousthepublishceived them. In the Common Pleas, before Judge have written, has been reduced in the seceding North, instead of a single journal, do matter of what Court, that of the General Sessions, has become as it relieves the proposed visit of what temptation to* connive at them is almost tooffisinto other Bnt journals.he isand win Indeedthere is athateagerness wlilch a great portion of theconrage, without theof among SUvaheUingAmericanpeoplehave heretofore evinced toslightestaWe havetqr hare aas^^nat the iia to aaltafa ftvorfarago knows themines a Convention held consisting of the Northern and Southern States for the settlement of the disturUag question of Slavery, propounding several questions, among which the following appears, viz :" The equal right of the South to a tiill partlcipa- Uon in the occupancy of the Territories."rushing of thecontempt;"ahdthoughtry to have faithAldermen hasentirelyunless he public interest, and as such areinWe do not want from one in hisjudgmentpersonal appeals adaptedandare unworthy of the man, and fritter onlyaway those energies which he has provedhimself capable of putting forth in maayeriti-cal Hehas whichwe emergencies. powersvery regrettoseewastedinfutileaddresses,wheretheycandobutlittle good;though wouldprepareandmatureonewell-digestedcharacter, education,loeality of aAllies became virtualcountry as far as Tien-tsin. This is theas a direct blow aimed at them and ;deliver this as his finalone result.intrust fhe ftie of the Unioa toor he might then safely retire from the peripatetic oratorical role, and not allow himself to beonlyas the amongstalone can makeheavy battle-field. Histake swiftsecession a reaUty. Theshonld be of parkstaken amoney was r^sed, no tax ordered, no loan anthorized, no army provided. Nothing what- ever was done but to caU a Conventiaa. This—with abundant ammunition of facta and handsomelysingle step in this direction. Noadmiration andtheir and proper placewhoseof disunion.Such as he they are,;yearamazement,inNothing efforte which Mr. Douglas is nowthem, country.may yet think he has public and the amount of telegraphic billsany prospectsto last, and we have privilegesthat we demanded. Mr. Ward is In a positionto arbitrate iietween the Western Powers onthoughtfulnessthe patience of the public.Douglas should be above receiving any pleas- ure from the cheers of such handfuls or scoresbrown-sfonefree from all the sanitary objections t<Jwhichcannot be expected to give infor the they have heretofore done, the members cannot see the investigations ot the Board. Whetherhow *' the to can announcement of tjieir intenUon go"buildingat tlieon thisofBcials whose business it is to collect tlie the matter is to be settled on that basis, both ject. The change is important, not merely It is scarcely necessary to ay, that tlie corps, if joi-ities are so slender, may have a taste ofThe steamship Teulonia, from Hamburg on the revenue, or to enforce the payment of debts must be taken into the account-as afliecting the health and longevity of suitors, present at the inauguration, will attend in the capacity the same ill fortune ; and in the hope1st mst., and Southampton on Ih* 4th, arrived atSouth,subject;the two Congressmen whose ma- Bepublicanartillery, suppliedfor eminentconcile itself to the duties of the tribunal. President of themen, and will not Republican candidate, but ofof the is, Court, and that Mr. Kevskr may be disturbed corps,callypossiblelegaltalentto re- theThe^port of the Board wiU be awtitei aa if yoke, so far as it compels the pay- We have not fallen into any such mistake. ifscU" to less commodious quarters. The time mind the gefitlemen the corps that public it were a sealed codieil, which may after ^Hlederal in ofThere was a feverish market for Stocks and anafeiage fall of 2 per cent, yesterday. The Foreign ment of ta.xes and debts ; but as a matter of We don't suppose that anything would be is evidently come when a new Hall for our affairs wear just now an unusual aspect, and defeat the popular wfll.Exchuges were also much depressed, and money, temporary convenience," City Courts is a no to be that a military visit to to attendat the expense of the United the badge of servitude becomesespecially at the ,ent interpretationporary speaks in most exalted terms of the success " "satisfactory" which should settle this matterfranked to them, and deprive the South of a grievance. They postponedIn a short time, so rapiddifferent law dc- be al-Government of trans- if themoTement in Breadstnfis, aaft restdcting the de- Georgia is about three times the amount of the may be, in any more effectual way, it will cessary places of public business ; and be construed into a direct or implied defiance known in the local idiom as "parater," the whickStates treasury, would probably reject any such proposition, no light and easy. matter from what quarter it might come. Butreceive a South,—Exchange supposes tlieyfor considerations.inauguration,wouldvery generallyis thecan ever secure partmente and public offices, it willvery differ- what would have been given to it at any other time. It seemed toWhich has attended an eminent animal painterGreat difficulty was expeiicneed in sellingSterling Exchange billa. Bates on fieight ad-Taacad. These riicwmstsncea chackwd the export porting the maUs through South Carolina and better terms, or gain their object, whatever it most impossible for the public to find ne- us desirable to avoid anything which could tlie \Ve8tern wilds there dwelleth an animsTheto thein fiuisliing a group charming ambiguityexpenselaUd far: tte ptinc^ idMs, depreaeed piiees. receipts ; and if their postmasters were all to probably become wiser as it grows olderUntitled Documentdispersion of thefromof buflfaloes. There is a about the announcement. Inevery village.of the same month the most of the importantpoint,While we have never doubted the issue of a again heard or seen of men until the next ses- trial of strength between China and the twoOne point cannot have eecaped attention ia the action of the seceding States. Aot a tin- gle instance of retistanee to the lamt of tke United States hat yet been committed. Amidst aU the excitement and turmoil w\aA are said to pervade the South, Sie Federal law has beenSpecial painsof violating the laws of the Uni<m. What doe*diplomacyround him for the campaign of 1864. It is a the Allies will cost themappearsMUne root la wifldn the r*^ "^ P^^s- concuned With ns 1. this mrtterTS Waretaka* placepnthebanksofthePei-ho. TheTesoK,uoaportantrecentlyicivilization.The argument in favor of peace-fastidiously obeyed. thon^they foughtof ultimate success against a splendid-composed Thecampaignwasbriefanddecisive. Onthelonger delayed. ItisprobablethattheChinesehaveterest to aU the Southern it is States,The Allies have proclaimed an ulti-Cojiveiltion as certain to increase the stability of the Union. In snch a body the whole subject win be dis-know,coste a very great effort, even for nations likeThough skin and de-ordnance of theorations, they think, we did, two years ago, at the Bogue forte. Legislatore adjourned tine die wUhont havingThis But it is quite a different matter to make warfor reprisals injuriesinflicted.amake up for the loss of dignity incurred in act of Government, but is interwoven in the commite the State to nothing decides noth-that betenanta of some Southern tavern with agapeis itshould waste breath in setting the bar-room English and French Envoys, with an army of thing is tme of the other States. Governors'words, duly pondered,Chinesemand.have been obtained by force will not make the Chinese moretheir invaders in theall the concessionsBut the fact that these concessionstochangeinFrance, to send an army of To thePekingand if asubscribe, they will notbe deterredthe Pei-ho. Their nationalto their aid and excite of future suc-byrecollections of their vanitydefeat on will comehas drawn from bothfusstiomthelish and French officers the most marked ex- pressions of surprise and admiration.We have no cause to the course that regretthe United States Government haswith regard to China. Our policy has beenleaving Slavery Tours respectfully.one ofpeacefrom firststare at and every event, we are bound to be theunderstanding that they would abide by the popular decision, if it happened to be in theirA Close Cosim^-Th«Citt Casvass.—TheStates, true, as announced, that a formal resolve has been adopted.Oneperior Court a suite of rooms in the Bin'gcsses attended tJ}e inauguration of Bcciiakan, found to occur with tmusual and fie-yesterday,in the usual fororganizedbodies of thiskind to take anygreat-iatereato^as mmupursued where it is.the District ol andColumbia, the meeting, instead of Assemblyman, supposed to be safely elected.It is of course quite possible that eitheras Northern" or Southern attendof aAresignation of Judge Pierrepo.vt was a I believe, politically opposed to Mr. I.i.lcoL-X, and in his posecssion of the Registership, the De-quite out of (!ie Question for coups^l pf ,tliose liot-Uead« at the South who bare ii eiTuncnt for vfradty ; yet jt is quPstionabl»Indeed,ascussedon ite meriteand snch a;rtiaannninacan havewilUngtoWe amandMessages, Legislative resolotiona, and paUie speeches, make up the whirie trf'the Seoassionpropriety of submitting the settlemmt^isUf^t consequences,. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•"***«=.'«&-jet»~a»<.. --'«.-;www.fultonhistory.com 