 v atpotenttery, to *aafc-t at the A anaer II kt itoac waad h-aaVcesdeht nslioa. These gentlemen, in their rep of the Czar bit Utla of a popular Minister, ia a rake p-MattM «» wb.ch his louieuce bad been no stranger, M Ms-ta*« rseeetativc character, have always stood up for liberalt o t b e ( h a r l r i t o n ( o a v t a f f o a . [prom tbe Albany atlas and Argua, Jan II J NEW TOES AT CHARLESTON-Hie PJeteamd Bajwwu , ia .articles about % w York than words. Tbe Prime Minister of Austria th.okst*a prflltfcs which evrnee an ignorance of matters in this State., TBB riBST r u n e i BJtraatgaafTATiTB.He scon became alarmed al Use ajrtMi c h a w w tX. tbe re voiitbon, and waa o iliged ta grant promuea of a canst, titles, but, driven by all the highC-ergy,"he definitively departed from bis liberal progre**, sad oaded bis place u the Mmistar atamiaui la'ceasing to be the Misieesr of the Pope, Cardiaal aatoneUi continued to be bis prtry oaasssl bw Mad tbe aovereiga direcwr of hi* policy It era* by bimi that Pius IX. corresponded with Charles AlOert, by htm and bis friends tuai he caused the Uws reg ilating tii *bj tbe ciiwaf •iraeaea, aod from 1812 to I8i4daaa4aye«a hberal zeal, whtoli Ferdinand tbe Seveolb nerertorgavebtw He was arrested imamsiatwy af*»r thereatorsiwn,aad«e>btic sack ho was cast into a aahs*ffaae*a «**°A'*'*-and, conatatitly refusing to countenance *u tnn"itoa» p ocedure, be »a* *i«e.l for fbar year* m one w ,•1«'"T',,dim of Afriea, deauned for gaVy elana The wo'1 "0 ^of Rie-go recaiied bim U> Madrid aod to the Cwtee, *>••' -*1fri^utof amenaci-.g aeuiocrscy^ his liber*It*»grew C-MJ. correct list Of their names has bees made public. There Fie. with bis friend torpi.0, onderoned thu ooosututloo »r ran be no doubt, however, that much of the Ueraiag, 1812, as being too republican, ant thereby lost his popuUri»y He was, seme time a'terward. agatn e x n d hy For^ statesmexeliip aad Ciplomatic skill of Europe wit) bodinani ia 18?3, wh-a t*-e French arms bad re-estaMtahee gatberrd together in Ibe halls of the Congress, aad ciw.i the throee He then visited Pome, and a/terwardswent w zation throughout the world will look ou al the proceed Par ,s. wbcr„- be' rest Jed for eight yea-*, rec-i tag many ings with the utmost attention and anxietytvidonees o: th* esteem of all the members of "W liberal( u u d AisvujrMHi J'mura COV>»YA Waucwaxi' ipoliiirtea, senator and Mfafalsr, who has beenr.Tv-1 by lb* Eaap*r»r a* flr*t plenipotentiary to ih» *"TMK RKPRKSKhTATIVBS OP THE MINOB POWERS Have all been selected from among tbe most talented aad expert men of the varwu^aaUonalues, but as yet notbe restoration of the banished dukes forms the priaotpal duty of tbe Congress, bat, in our humble opinion, the principal aim of the Congress ahould be to secure, as far aa poaeible.juoiversal peace and.traeo/jilhty combined with tbe repose of Europe. Will that end beattained bat»« re- storation of the duket or aftke Umpvral powr of tkl'Pofe* That is s question for diplomatists.Dota-yer) cedaabto te aay paper or politician cainaag rupee table joosjuon alludes to the possibility of l b * ad safeejon tea^a tote the Matton**CoavesNtrmcf oatpaaart ' f tbe regular detegatirm from this State, appointed ba- the Democratic Stat* tionventioo held at Syracuse in Sep tetx-ber laat. aad of making up the residue of the rapre AiBUtru from th* behmg dVlefe'teBs betaf apfslit >• uifer Fernando Weod'a dictation by hrtv kaota of dtear c*nia*r« m tbe a»v*ral Congressional djatrttM. Tbe ate Chater can .-pare itsetf the eaaouawoe of any see* q«waOf I alaBn tbe tki ter1I Lair?toiLtfan*ws4Cot ,.ee». waa barb on the tifa of May, ia the j a w Ills)Br j tbe aoo of a Polaader, and after having manifesto*ft pveosctoas tctrvltw af lastrllgeoee la ha education. hi »i to be elaborated; oa his choice be nominated Statemr.-it t) L» doa al tho eg* af nineteen years to undertake o --p-t.alkms ia ftnor cf Poland with the moat emi-o*tt t.tatetmeo of England who afterwards remained iafriendly relatM-as watt bim. After the revoluttea of Julybe * *f honored by '-he frlendaoipaf tbe Duke of Orleans'and bad great prospects of rapid1 advancement in tbearmy, (a whic*i be held th* rank of captain, but gettingtired of the idle life of garrisons, be aanlied'for and .obtainedbis disouawai. Be eight alao have attained c ontiderable of Rome, wbo wished to see the Pupa, aad protested iaRIGHTS OP NEUTRALS ON THE OCEAN.(From tbe Inado* Post (government organ), Dec 38 ]Tbe late war with Russia gave rise,after a long interval, Cor> We ray ber", on •* for *ll, In'behalf of the d emacraeypolitical dtovwi on through thei.ewspapari aad by liters (tore, (or ba was well known at that lime to l'ariaiaa so tietj as a man of the world, a publicist, and a dramatic a-_Ui»r. Among otber Works wb*h be produced might booted 'A Word oa the African Questiou, (1837-32) and Ibe English Alliance." He Was one of tbe editors ard founders of the Mettaatr. In theatrical circles behis name, aad la the aaaae of h-s sovereign, agatost the new government. H« wai then appoiated secretary of State for the Court of Oaeta. On the 18.h of February, 1849, be addressed collectively, to tbe representatives '» Austria, France, Spain aad Naples, the circular which de-manded from the whole Christian world the re establish exiled himself to Par's, where the Regent (Rspart-ro) catties which has hitherto prevantel th>} gorerammtment of the spiritual sovereign on tbe throne of St Peter, notwithstanding be treated the Ambassador of France with a certain degree of hauteur, aa t coatiaaed to protest his respect for the statute Oa the 9th of April, whoa thepassed aa tbe coUborar of M. Alexander Dumas latbe piece called •M*4esaoi»eUe de Belle-Isle,' of that French troops had already disembarked st Ctvtt* Vaccina,After ths restoration or Maria Christina, he entered the same which agitated the mind of tbe immortal DanteNarva* z Cabinet, and did not leave it until he became Pre- when hesitating whether or not to accept tbe emoassy tosident of the Council, in February, 1848. That Rome proposed to him by the Florentine government. and it is highly satisfactory to know that, white hostilities met at Syracuse in September—called in terms, not onlycelebrated trench author and novelist (1*39) He Boon after published uuder his owa name, " L'Ecole du Monde, ou U Coquette tana le savow, ' a comedy in are ana, to which the actress Anais Aabert. according to la frame Utttrmre, which gave her S angular qaauaoaiien, •BUM have rendered very important assistance. This piece was represented In the Theatre Franeais ou the 8th of January, 1*40, and was bat partially successful. The • t i n e year ML Watewsfci entered Into the diplomatic career, at Thiers became Preside*! of tbe Cabinet on tbe 1st of March, and acquired tbe Mettager, but gave its editor a mission to Ivypt Under the Ministry of M. Ciuisot, at. Walewaki also received, several muyatoas, and be was attached to tbe legation of f ucnos Ayrea when tbe I evolution of IMS broke out.After ibe election ot tb* 10th of December. hl.« formerrelatx-oe witb sotue of Iboee men who were most devotedto the 1'mldcut **rved hja fcrluat* In 1S49 he was sentto Flarex.ee with the title of Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary, whence IK- was remov d to Naples. Ia 1864he was appointed president of a apeoial eommisston charged with briaging ta church reforms.Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Cardinal Anlonelii, lar Spanish romances M. Martinez de la Ron is Secre- who, since that time, has carefully guarded that high t> > - tary or the Royai Academy of Spain and President of the sition, displayed all the ardor of his new centra revotu- Council of the University.lionary a*aL Ha #ould not permit the carrying into eff -rtaUo over the nan,pro .8 cokf. rences which look r,ta<-e, ,n Parr*, to arrange the*detain of the application offairs, Count Buol Schaunstein. His f a t h e r , Count AlbertFrjncis, of Rechberg and Rothenloewen, was one of reforms in the ecclesiastical gevernment. The utter1n> suetiipi- wbich have siare b e n maJe in some coua tief in -*ft i;;> tngu* dfl'gaV-- on the pr,-teme of friendshipaidedc :,Jesuits, and entitled " Secularisation and Reforms," ofwhich I propose giving you a resume in my next letter Itis stated that to case of the Papal Plenipotentiary meeting you upon this broad grounl; if jou will tut :-.* • u " t! «-• r **'..arity of the Syracuse Convention and the|elegathe treaty of Juiv, 1**6S. Ccunt B'alewaki entered th«* sin, and wounded by a potgnard. At the Paris conferenceshostility of the priests to any government innovations is of the many hundred petty German sovereigns called free openly demonstrated in a pamphlet just published %j- theHenate on th<' 2«lh ol April- 1945. He was from the 3d of Count Cavour made known the grievances aad complaiats December, 1843, a grand officer of the Legion of Hwor.As the principal exponent of the views of the Emperor on of Italy, and tbe affairs of tbe church seemed abo it to b:imperial Counts (Jrrie /feicAjpra/eu), wbo lost their sovereigntjUi the year 1803, in consequence of the Freach occupation of all the German provSuces on the westernr>in>i*Bn affairs, his n m a r k s will be looked for mXh great ittereat. •»*brought before all Europe, but the Cardinal, to whom all the complaints were directly or indirectly addressed, en trenched himself behind tbe consent of his lovereiga, and thus successfully evaded the question. To rough thewith opposition at this starting point be is to withdraw with us upou those terms, we must, owing t) t'-i •• v< '" tion 10 Charleston appointed by it.THBSECOND FBEVCH rL%\rPOTBKTtARTis the Prince I-aroi R D AI VKKCMS. He is also a prominent intluenoo of the Cardinal railroads were i traduced intoRechbergs (the seigncuries of Dorsdorf, Weissenstein, vernment of his Holiness would trust not to be coerced BoUeckircbea, Ramsberg, Wirsmgen and Klein Sussen, in into compliance with any decisions of the Congress detri-The proposal of America, it is well- known. •• • uo'. 0 cepted; we believe, indeed, it was not seriously e:.tei iaustatesman and politician, and a man who has carefully tbe Roman States, the streets of the Eternal City ware lighted up with gas, a handsome suspension bridge wasntoaifiJ tbe compltentioBS of Ettropeaa government. He thrown across the Tiber, one of the noblest vialuetsmental to the temporal interests ot the church, anl rely upon the materia', means at its disposition for the preser ration of it* remaining dominions, if not for the subjugawill be a valuable asstotant to bis snore experienced conin tbe world was constructed near Albano, and fac- tories of cloth and paper have been established n M -vice to the cause of liberty- and human enlightenment TBB FIRST SARDINIAN RMPBB9KNTAHVB.CAM.LLK, Count of Cavour, the Italian atatasman, who bgurad so prominently in ibe late European war, and whos s appointment to represent Sardina in the Congress at P<iri3 baa met with the dtsapprora.1 of his Majesty the Emperorcommercial enterprise, insure safety of life and limb, an 1 the supplies of men in the present emergency to counter- m question. Whether the notion was first derived frCU* than aty other Northern State, mcept Califhrr.ia, to cast bee.strong opposition, and which caused him to be accused of Anglomania. Ia 1852 M. de devour broke from his colleagues, la Foresta and d'AzeJlio, to unite with the advanced party, and f r a time hit left the Ministry. He returned lo it as President of the Council. From that tiaae be eofettaotly remained at tbe bead of affairs, sua- j tainei by a compact majority which gave him greatof February, 1854, and left Paris three days afterwards von i«teu, and functioned as per ma ue at President of this He has smce been the Russian Ambassador to the Holy body. In this very important position he showed himselfWe must ask the diplomatists of Washington and tbe mer- chants of Bremen to enlighten us upon this point, for, so far as we are aware, it exists only in name.of that bod\ should summon from a dignified retirement, to lead the democratic bests, such a man as Daniel S Dickinson, or ary other -atr-otic acd gi'ted ; juof this State, it would be mere affectation, it would be positively UDgrateful in us, or the uemocrats of tne State, to concealprinciples proclaimed by France m 17W, for tbe libertyo( ibe preea, of worship, of industry and of cemmerce,Russian representative at the Paris Congress He wa< bora in the year 1789,and was educated ia the Lyc->u*ii ofSince that time he was regarded in Germany as the most ifeclried antagonist of Prussia, and his recall from Frankfort may therefore be considered as a sort of con- cession made to Prussia iu regard to its political ialiuence on tbe smaller States of Geraiany aad on the interior politics of Germany In genera'for al! tbe individual tights guaranteed by the coaatitufen of 1848; but he opposed th» rights of the State Zarskoe Selo, where the poet Pouschxia was one of histo the privileges of the clergy, and proposed and companions and fellow students. He made his d,V<' inLe tried to turn tbe enmity of Russia to Ausfii to the pro fit of Italy. lu the Congress of Pads be exposed the suf fer-ugn of the provinces subjected to Austrian occupation an-l t" tbe Pontifical government. If European diploma:/ wan declared incompetent to receive these complaints, he at ieaM carried ih>- votce an I tbe complaints o! Italy into the Council of Sovereigns*, aud lb* whole of Hily recog c xeti bis efforts by eolemn maotfestations of approvaL The most remarkable act was the opening of a subscription in all the liauau towoa Or the armament of the citadel of Alexandria. Ai,it»'a protested ajaitut th> menace of war, and Clplomatic relations were sus- pended between tbe court of Vienna and taat of Tuna. But It Je Cavour diu not show aav dispositiou to give wav. depending upon the aid of theWest} and >.rengtheued by'aatioaal feeling, of which the elections of 1857 hid b«-ei s new proof, he prepaiedj, without fear or imi>a- tieuce, for all the eveatt of the tuturi*'. h,s diplomat)j c s r e i r durtng the war of France; an I Sardinia againsttialloos ibe title of Privy Councillor, which, ia the civilhierarchy of Russia, corresponds to the grade of L.eneaaUGeneral., Daring the political events of 1848 ant 1849, MAlex. Gartschakoff preserved a prudent reserve towardsthe German States, which enabled him, as a plenipoten-tiary, to ttold very moderate language to the Germanic the secoaci Pknipotertiary. He is asoc of the '.ate Primelows,—Eric engtargernentOtwego canalCayuga and Seneca ...: Champlain locks I Black river canalGeneeee valley canalGenesee valley extension Ec^iDeering, ten per cent Contingenciesland carnages$535 626 SO 116,575 26 107,302 35"5,970 00 69,430 00 24,874 90 15,800 00 93,607 88The truth is, the attempts to lepresent d. virions in Uaw State of many years ago. as still continuing, are only made for mischievous purposes, and are most infamous. The split which ex'sted in the party in the State in 1848 wa* closed by a union of the two d.visions in 1840 Another division occurred in 1863, which was enly settled ia 1856, after the Presidential nomination The two factions during that division wareVienna, and became Minister of Foreign Affairs, in place of Auttria most be still fresh in the re membrane • of oar M de Xesselrode. On the occasion of the affairs of. Na-Count AUIBRT OB POC-KTALM is at present tbe Minister Plenipotentiary from the court of Berlin to that of the Tulleries. To become the representative of a great foreign Power to one* native city is certainly a rare destiny; 5et this has been the fortune of the subject ofreaders.TUB SBCOND KKI'RBaBXTATi'Va OF SAUDIS!AIs the CaavAUUi Dasaasatiw, a gentleman who has played a somewhat conspicuous part in ibe struggle for Italian freedom aad independence. Tbe Chevalitr is a man of letters, well versed in the political history of bis owa country as we"! as of Europe, and will no doubt be a valuable aid to the sagaoi us and talented gentleman »Li in be is to assist.VROt-AELS KiPRRSRNTATIVr OP BOJtl. Gtat-uno .VXTOMXLI, the OLiUbrated Italian Cardinal aa<< lit.,SBB'u.»asbornatSoainio,uohrTer-acino,on the2d cf tf-U. Uto, and St dcticcaded ttom an »ucieni family r*fples, be created some excitement in Europe by a circular in which, retorting upon France aad England the princ'ple of the independence of nations, he boldly opposed all in- terference of the Western Powers in the interior affairs of the Two SiciliesOn the Erie Canal, tbe Report says, seven feet of watertions, at the same time the matter was cautiously brought can be secured the entire length at the opening of naviga presentatfves in the hands ox an endorser of th*teUors and auditors—to short, it was oa his recom- mendation that be decided to replace M Mamiani by a clever but unpopular minister, Pellegrtoo Riaat, waose dootricary moderatwa had acarely Ms place in fie m is' Of tb* oxtreme faetions wbiah .livtdel Rome aad lu'ySee.TrjrS SECOND Rt'SSIAN RKPRKSKNTATIVE .A u a i w n a MicaaarowrrscHGoaTscHAKOKF—cou-.a to tb* two renowned generals of that name, whose tactics in theto be a very shrewd and taleuted diplomat!*!, rulaingalmost entirely tbe political Influence and power of Prussia°.n tbe German affairs, and keeping up the intereet of his of the government to make bay while tbe sun shone. ButWe do not for a moment question the abstract justice ofthe proposal now made by the Hanse Towns If thev can the gratification which such a selection vrouli a(TorJ, orstrength agauiet all the cxUeme parties. In questions ofthe iotetior. he aiwajs profesaed profound respect for the Crimea wtere the themes of universal wonder^—is th? other Schochausencaused to be executed tbe property of Martmain, andfwcibly added to tbe religious corporations thij mjnopoiyof tbe inatrucuon. That policy, approved by KingV.ctor Emanuel, and by the nation, drew up>nPiedmont the thunders of tae Vatican, and M.Cav.Kir, without being alarmed by tbe menaces of thecourt of Rome, was forced to adjoin*n tbe projects of. lawrelative to civil marriagd and to tbe definitive emancipa-tion ot lay society. The capital question was now thatof independence and tbe unity of Italy. M. de CavourOr«nly hoisted the national tricolor,on which, iikeCbarlesAlbert, be placed the Croes of Savoy. It was to assureto Italy the aid of England and France, wnlch induced theKing and the Chambers to unite wah tbe Western Powerstii opposing Russia. After tbe close of tbe Eastern war Wuitemburg He received in recompense for these nego married, -n 1S34, the Countess Barbe, eldest daughter i>fdiplomacy at tbe Congress of Laybach and of Verona, as an atfacVr of the stafT of M Nessefrode In 1324 he was Secretary to the embassy to Ix>adoc whsre he gave bisAlthough the Count Re-chberg is now over fifty threeyears old—being born in ISO*, on tbe day of tbe battle ofJena—he is. not only in his character, but also in his exterio-, rather a young man. His influence on the youngEmperor wit. be the greater tbe more his character is likethat of his master. Both are rather impetuous, both very strong was this uttered, and so unanimously, that itthe sickness and death of the Russian ambassador gave hi m great influence. In 1841 he was sent to Stuttgart with theFrance— both despising and bating the imperial "parve- uue" of Paris, both men who do not yield even before tbe mest jreaoful consequences of a general European wartbe Congress issued, and the period more or lessfixed, when Cavour, who seemed more or leas forgotten, at last was brought forward. It is -im In the present condition of our canals and linances it is atitle of Ambassador Extraordinary, and brought to a happy termination the arrangements for the marriage of the Grand Duchess of Russie Olga with tbe Prince Boya'. ofCount Jean Rechberg is, by his wife, connected with one of Git- most eminent noble families of England. Hepossible to say who took the lead in the matter—nay. the manifestation was so spontaneous and unanimous that itrequired no leading or agitating. The discussions in tbepapers give only a faint Idea of tbe earnestness with whichthe subject was taken up, and tbe moral pressure whichthe nascent public opinion exercised. In the polemics ofthe journals the personal side of the question was too prominently and disagreeably evident, while in tbe popular mind the sending of Cavour was only looked upon asthe appointment of the right man in the right place.Popular instinct pointed to him as the true representativeof tbe Italian cause to the Congress, as the man fromwhom most could be expected. and who was least likelyto yield, while he bad given so many proofs of boldnessthat there was no danger of his being intimidated. Total This unanimity showed itself chiefly in the newagainst such scurrilous accusation, then we know not is above tbe suspicion of unsoundness.w h oDitt in regard to the reaction of 1850. It is sail, al->, that his presence at Stuttgart had something to do with the ab dication of the Fmperor Ferdinand the First, of Austria, in favor of his son Francis Jtveph. The Eastern questionMioifitir of Austria, who i:ed at Vienna on the 11th of June. 1359. After the disruption of relations between Frai.ce anil Austiia. Barcn Hubuer, Who was then the Austrian Mii.iBter at Paris, bad to take his departure, and160,000 uO(00,000 00 kaown as ••hards*' and "softs " Fernando Wood, iathe Komagi a, wh . In the alter«a*ors of aplendor an., uf the subject \y President Buchanan in one of his annual varied resources of his mind, as well as bishour and grain were coiiounuu, cu .,g a loss to the mill of $20,000. and to the contests' ofilots, ccmated atnoag iss members iuriaooasutts, historians •bad highway robbers. One of" bis parents was coudeumoo to death aad exeontad under tbe empire daring the Frenchoccupatica. Some sag that bin f a a W waa a simple wood cutter, while others affirm that bs Was an opulent leaded proprietor, wbo, m the honorable pursuit of t-ommitrce, reabawd a hanebamc fortune and Sig-hiotself oa vanaaa nameiase by bat loyalty Aeration to themessages. >*er;•- Ctdlantes made a brilliant speech In tbeSpanUh Cv.-rtc-g ia defence of the Integrity of tbe countryof his r- -in As a Senator, Senor Collaotes is remarkabie for sound Wgical argument in debate, while his stylediplomatic tact. Belonging to the nameer of statesmen who have always desired that Prussia thoAiM take an active part and on* worthy of her rank in European affaire. M. de Pourtales, chafing at the period of-r about $10,00*. *. The building and machu-ery were infu-e.1 iu the iCtaa Ia-b» atudiaa at tb* groat inwaHry ofbe waa•«« " - ^ «*ar»d- ordew, a* S-retory XM, whow^ n^ .to tbe Superior Crissssat i«a«aaJ, o ^ .liriato, to Titerbo aad ^muLi^uuitbe consent of the Emnr-ro'*. The first thi-g to be the asseissBl, to all ol whom she was a total stranger,done was to convince the King of the necessity and she greeted the children of Guthrie as her oaa, and theyThe fire commenced in the roof, aad most of the goa** were taken out.The Timet gives the following table of losses —index Secretaryof »m%»u»m^J^^trecoad Treesurer M 1844, and ;a she b«owmw ***^smlT r e n ^ r of the two A p o s t o o e C i ^ ^ J J ^ TMtancu) at the Place da fbsu, 4 abort baWaAW h i * «23d that the Emperor's assent was given., and tfak led to Cavour* reception by the King yesterday.,,be that deceased wife, the other wife began to upbraid the pany unknown.children for not telling her that tbclr mother was Uviog. Tots! insurance.Tbe real mother (-for such the stranger waa) assured herthat the children were not to blame, as they, a* well as Total loss &wNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, JANUARY 1<3,I860.Alter tbe aasaseinatioa of Rissi, tbeCardiaai ounstlle 1sad directed the light of tbe Pope, whom he s u a aft»r-wards went to join at GaHa (November, 1848). There h Jebowed himself in favor af tbe ilea of Austrian inter /eu- «Dtiiled, '-Abeo-Homeya; or, tha RewBtt of the Mwrs Uon, repelled tbe deputies of the provisory com nissi mrights both of tbe belligereut Powers aa 1of neutral Htatesi Great Britain then, for the first usee te her naval history, reuouaoed the exercise of privileges which she bad ever before maintained, as well in theory as in practice laea*tan Qonu* tit)- bi it* nton dulgattt} rajnkwlg odectai dele pufcw. ev if wall wot fV rvyrwtfrtf a f a R Th* qaesttori sug- gested by th* A>c>t><rcanaa»botevea awtertaiaed.We 80 not suppose that ev%n the persntent and audaAfter lbs capitulation of Rome ha advised the Pop<tosae great reserve in his communications with th • French,and by no means to hurry his return into K» n- MOD, and in 1868be became Prime Minister agaia. Be- The trst repressive measures which disquieted tbecity were attributed to hie inspiration, aad tne Rimaasonce more felt themselves under the power of the "RedPope"—that is, the Pope Cardioai. The svsa propno ormanifesto of Pius tX to the Italians agaia passed for ItU ^(Edipe," '•Marayma, la Conjuration, de Vendee," "La work. Whan Pius IX. had consented to re enter fflle a la Mai^on et U Mere au baL" beAute* a great num- Rome (Aprilia, 1850), ha appointed bis faithful servant ber of other pieces. He ia* also a fruitful author or popu-aad Monsignor Berardi, Uader Secretary oT State, will dl rtct the helm of the Pontifical government during th* ab at-Dce of Cardinal Antooelli. The departure of th * Papal plenipotentiary Is fixed for the 28th of the present month, aad the recently purchased Papal steam corvette, The Im- maculate Conception, will be freighted with the important burthen, under the responsible command of Captain Cteldi.aad it may be argued thai if it ha 1 lasted longer and spread wider a oiilarent result might havofollowed. But, so far as it goes, our experience of the working of the new st stem of maritime law ha* fully answered the ex- pectations of Ms authors and promoters in obtaining for the ooatmerce of the world a larger ahare of freedom and security than it ever enjoyed in time of war before.of the promisee of the matu proprio uniil two years after ward, in 1851 On the 10th of September he oust tate1 the ministerial departments by two edicts, esttb><sbel arial advocates, to keep the plenipotentiaries straight ia legal matters; and a professed theologian, Moasiguor Ar right, for the tutilage of the spiritual interests of the church. Mensignors Capalti and Frauchi have both been named ss destined to accompany the mission; bat tbe reippcsrsto bo unfounded, and tbe offl;* of seconl Eiotentiarv will probably b5 reserved for Moasiguorni, Papal Nuncio at Paris.Tbe lay members of the mission, besides the Cardinal's personal retioue, are Signor Barluzzi, oae of the principal emplovestn tbe Secretary of State's office: th? Cardinal'sparty to the very important alterations ia question. The quietly fell back aad waited till this dagracefal eoeoe course taken by the Cabinet of Washington in the matter was over. This outrage finished Mr. Wood, aad he waswas indeed somewhat remarkable. At the outbreak of at once deserted and frowned upon bv the delegates who tbe Russian war, in 1854, President Pierce distinctly re bad been disposed to act witb fats*. The regular OoaveaCouncil of Suite, and m the two following months re»r BERNARD, Count of Bechberg and Rothenloewen, who was ganized, on less liberal bases, tbe administration of provmcea and (that of communes—a reorganizatioa which, born oa the 17th of August, 1806. He was Minister Pleni-i1bar die coa (SeW * y . efl feci of 1 boa the ehx bat>AgenSocBCO pro bowT No**proi1W 1*6> leafTt *r 9mot) mori year1-1 etrnttPOID Car i) taw 1 vineyou you, mter you, area rsy thai any Whi Apel tbej the con1 the tion atlMwill boc boc IL :. to be 1 thai lore ctal peoi of higl wis! riKt Li*. of11moi rule bav the that W ill te 1 Coo the ir« fOT( tor liveour eve lies tea trm wor avei r«P*turn pob ter|youtry oat tilU1 aral IT I1 for tbavui B<athe doift Tra rtr • >: oftHJ*rl Of ter • »V) sar ca tJO of. eat •^nr,us aa « i da tb< ib. tat1r*ad Yc ai ft. ti a# ITM I" w« 1+ fr to,«a •)through the fault of men or the force of circumiuacss, resulted in the ruin of the finances, without hope of loaas, the annihilation of commerce, toe destruction of scipotentiary of Austria to the Germsnte Confederation, and Prefticrent of thrFederal Diet of Frankfort since the 12thbe became amba.- aador tu i. rent Britain. On the 7 th of May,1*64, he waa called to tike the place of M Drouyn de ence, brigandage unpunished, estate of permanent ategt, of October, 1855 His cousin german, Count Louis Rech younger brother, Count Angelino Antoaelli; and, finally,party [ to the declaration issued by tbe EuropeanThe violent and disgraceful movement of Wood excited intense indignation among tbe delegate* and o i l and fattbl"F?n> s.wbo resigned in his favor, is tbe Ministry of Foreign Affair* and it waa he who hvl th* delicate missioa of ar ranging all- the relations of France with the different Powers* of Europe, during the latter period of the Eastern a i r , as well as the honor of presiding as Plenipotentiary of Frarce over the conferences at the Paris Ooagre*1*, aad «( slge.ng the treaty of the SOib of April. 184. lie preand universal discontent Hostilities against the all-pow- erful prime minister broke out from time to time, and penetrated even to tbe bosom of the Sacred Cull*ge, alarmed by the extreme measures of their chief ia the affairs of the church and of justice; aad the action of fo reigu governments was not wanting In the spring of 1865 France and England,excite! 0y Piedmont, addressed their rcmooatrancee to the Pope; but the Holy Father refused to otsrmss bis minister. Two months a'terwards. on th ' 12th of June, 1855. tbe Minister was assaulted by no assas-berg, is Chamberlain, Lieutenant Colonel and Aid de-'C*mp to the King or Bavaria. During the Italian warwhich was recently wagedln Europe, Gaunt Rechberg wascalled to Vienna by the Emperor Francta Joseph to re-place the suddenly dismissed Mmister of ,Foreign Afthe official Interpreter.It is, or course, difficult to k m * the exact instruction*!which have been drswn up for, or rather by, Cirdinai sntocelli; but the known tenacity of Paparpo'ky readers itprobable that the reports in circulation here cannot be farPowers st Paris B t it will be remembered that she ful democrats wbo were present. Hon. Daniel 8 Dictate-lapublic opinion of the country, in the voice of Italy, and soopened a new career to the diplomatic activity of M <*mthe conclcslou of peace, Prince Metternich was sent to Alexandre Go:tscbakoff. Being appointed Ambassa-replace him. The A istrian Fmperor seems to bare some falta in the name of Metternich, and if the sou be as clear sighted and vigilant as the father, there will be some dial$1,<579,8*6 69whose behalf and to favor whose bolting schemes impute tionsof unsoundness are now made against such men as we have named, was a "soft " So was Aivord,the Chair man of his bogus State Convention, u d on* of the two delegates who aohered to it. The other—Hiram C. Smithdor to Vienna In tbe place of M. de Meyendorff, inJuly, 1864, he waa not successful la tbe conclusion of thetreaty ot tbe 2d of December. His representations to bisgovernment would at least have had tbe effect of an ac- cuity in entrapping him into any views hostile to Austrian ceptation of the four points and the Implicit conclusion ofprovinces which owe so much to the ex Premier, aad which are more and more taking the lead ia the Italian cause. When the supporters of tbe present ministry began their crusade against Cavour. public opinion was roused to resistance, and took so for- midable an aspect in face of the coming elections tint the ministry thought it wise to show. at any rate, a disposition to satisfy the public voice. Accordingly, about three weeks ago, M Negri, who has long acted as private secre- tory to Count Cavour. was sent to Leri to open negotia-The estimate presented in the State Engineer's report last year made tbe coat of completing the canals $2,900,540 87. Tbe estimate this year reduces this? L ¥ ° L 1roe—was»"freeBoiler" of 184S aud a "aoft" oftbe Treaty of Paris. He was recalled from the embassy tiTheItaly has given berserf on to r»vold de la R.*A WM T.*<IH • member ot tbe Legratetire W W nrMteoks and tbe progress of modem ideas. The iod<* tranquility or tbe universal cordiality of ideas whichexposition The poet minister at this tlsae caused a pieC4 :o be brought out at the theatre of th* Porte «*.' Marti-,,NEWSP APERTHE POPE'S BBLBOATB8 TO THB ONORBSS— THBTB IN-under PbiHp Second " The revolution of 18W *f ^ re- called htm to ha oatire city He was at Ibe head of the Spanish Cabinet from March, 1834, to Juoo, 1835, an t watACCOUNTS. STRUCTIONS AS TO POLICY- AND ACTION IN THBprttHega the waived dming the war, and she finally and cioua false bonds wf tbe New York Hews (tbe pereoaal or cioua tab«hoods 1formally abandoned them at it* termingtim. Tae famous gan of Mr Wood), aided by tb; always reoklceaa-xaer dec aration appended to the Treaty of Paris was in fact a tints of tbe Hasum—whtefa wewtter Precaeot te IBM,new code of maritime law. It contained two innovations aod to evidently preparing to figure a< Uw organ of aa op of th* highest importance to the interests of commerce, position party in the great struggle of 1Mb--can mislead one of which put aa ead, we trust tor ever, to tba barba mteUkjent political men of other States ia relation to tb*tbe promoter of Ibe famous EsUtuo.Real. The revjlt ol In spite of all the contrary reports hitherto prevalent, the Basque Provinces on the occasion of the sappressioa his Holiness has finally detormiced to entrust the interestsfavor measures of sanitary reform, owe their origin t > anded property. Count Jean, the second son, laherite'l balance the disaffection of the indigenous troops.him- All who have approaoad his Emiaease have been struck, with bia fascinating manners, sparkling conversa- tion and amiable disposition.THR FIRST RUSSIAN REPRB3RNTATIVK.the despatches of President Pierce we are hot aware: ->u^ vote for candidate of the Charleston Convention. Th*peedeoee of Portugal has always been with them a o, 1— ttea ot paramount importance, anl it ta on this ground, pat-nape, that their government has seleoated them te be iu representatives in the coning Congress.retg-oti throughout tbe country. Facts are mare stubbornof tbe French, waa born at Turin in 1809, and is tbe son of NtcHOjus, Couat of Kisseleff, and brother of th> tom for the younger sons of the noble Catholic families of •no's troops, whether foreigu or indigenous,and the con- whtiher laden on board of neutral or of enemy's shijis, paten to Seward or way eater candidate rf the "irnprettibU celebrated Russian General of that nam;, is a Germany to do. who regard still the Emperor of Austria currence of a French force to accomplish tbe submission should cot be liable to capture. It is sought, in short, to conflict' tchod, if the democraU of the Union 00 operate with• merchant of Nice, who was created a uoblenun by Privy Councillor and Couucillor of State m the as their only "suzerain,'' and despise, therefore, to takeof the rebels is a contingency no longer to be hoped for place ali private property at sea on precisely the same thof of our State, in ttriving for the great prize of the thirtyCharles Albert. When the reformatory movements of ordinary service of the C u r t of Russia, a a l1M7 were manifested, Count Cavaur, In connection with was in 1856 Envoy Extraordinary aai Miaister Pleni aad "young" German Slates.potentiary of that Power to the Holy See, and was b->rn in the year 1800. From having bem at first the Secre tary of Ibe Legation to Berlin, be was eent to Paris in » similar position in 1829, shortly after Polignachtd becomeA voluntary return of the revolters to their allegiance is fc*>ting as private property up on land, so as to exempt it st.il less to be dreamed of. What, then, remains to be entirely from seizure and confiscation.looked to but the Congress? His Holiness, however, m-.variably makes most explicit declarations to such personsCount Balbo, founded the constitutional paper called--/;WUargtmemto, In which be treated economical questionsl a 1848 he occupied a very secondary part during thecontest of Piedmont with Austria. He then felt himself Minister. In 1838 he followed the fount Poazod*. Bargo Mettercich tor several very delicate missions to theas obtain audiences of him, and are of sufficient influence to enter upon political topics, to the effect that he is under no engagement or promise whatsoever to the French go- vernment regarding the nature or extent of tbe reforms which he may or may cot consider expedient to grant to has subjects.IMPORTANCE OF COUNT CAVOTJIt'S PRESENCE IN THE CONGRESS.[Turin (Dec 24) Correspondence of the London Times] The Pope, Naples, Spain and Austria were known to be busy negotiating about a common course in tbe Congress, and it was to be supposed that these negotiations were by no means in favor of the Italian cause and its champion,Cavour .But it is true that all private property oa land is exempt from seizure in time of war? We believe that in theory it is so; but the practice, even in tbe most recent times, his been, we fear, the other way. The late war in Italy affords no example in point, except during the brief invasion of tbe Sardinian territory by the Auslrians at the commence ment of the campaign; and whether the latter, during their short sojourn on the western bank of tbe Tic.ino. re ligiously observed the rule in question, appears to bebe cemmeacement of 1861 be was entrusted with thetoricus that private property was not only seized, but Union which its representative* ia the Convention may be wantonly destroyed, at Kertch and other placet, by the prepared to recommend. Should the latter deem a nomi-invading forces. We fear it w.ll be difficult, if not im003si bit, to prevent such occurrences wherever au invading nation from the North more advisable, tne representativeeto London, as Counsellor of the Embassy, and in the fal-1 smaller courts ot Italy and Germany, and spent severs .aiirpaaaed by tbe democrats and most enthusiastic partinans cf Italian Independence. After the disaster of N"o-vara aad the fall of the democratic party, be entered theChamber of Deputies in 1849, andkoon after be succeeded which the Emperor of Russia contracted with the Bank of Aiter the war Prince Schwarzenberg, the Premier, Santa K«sa as Minuter of Commerce and Agriculture. At Frauce in 1847. When the revolution of February broice called Count Rechberg into bis Cabinet, and employed hisAfterout, M. de Kisseieff, under secret instructions from his services in the most delicate and complicated trans- government, conducted himself passively toward the actions with the M uister Manteutfel, which finished solowing year returned to Paris with the saui; title.the re .-all of Count Pahlen, he was placed at the hea 1 of the Legation as Charge &' Aff'aires, and negotiated the loanPortfolio of Financa. He was forojed to repair the losses new republic. He was elevated to the rank of Ministercaused by an unfortunate war and to re-establish the Plenipotentiary after the election of prince Na-equilibrium of revenue aad expenditures. But tbe dim poleon ito the Presidency, and in 1853 hecutties of tbe situation did net ppsient bJm from advancing was accredited to the Court of the Emperor Napoleon in b a country In tbe adventurous ways of free exchange. the position of Ambassador, and took part in all the con-JHe fallowed the example of tbe Ebguah government with ferences which preceded the rupture betweea Russia andan ardor which excited against him In the Chambers very the Allied Powers. He received his passports on tue 4ta (Bundestag) at Frankfort, replacing the Baron Prokeachservice :u Prussia, Bavaria, or some other of the smallfive electoral relet rf Rem Yerk Th" democratt of thit State 'nutiUaU<yj-,rtto manage their internal party organisation in their our. way, and faction mutt not be encouraged fromaliroadThe delegates from New York will go to Charleston a* unselfish a body of men aa ever exercised delegated power—wtbout disposition to urge personal or State pre fercDces, sod only seekiig such acnion and such a nomi- nation as will secure the triumph Of tbe democracy of the nation, and consequently the prosperity and perpetuity of the Union Fully recognizing the claims of tbe South to the Presidential nomination, thev* will be prepared corAfter a service of fifteen yearn he left the army with the title of Colocel, and entered the diplomatic career. Beirg a man of high education; of most refined manners and of a very pleasant exterior, he was used by Princej e s r s at St Petersburg as Secretary of Legation. Ia tbe goeat. revolutionary troubles of r848-49 be shoved bis loyalty by retaking military service, to defend in Italy and Hungary the vacillating throne of the Hapsburgs.BODY,ETC. M „ (Rome (I»ec. 20) correspondence of the London Post ]of f ome municipal rights orftttros caused his rsU, a a l be of the Holy See, In tbe ensuing Congress, to the abMwss rep'aced by Toreno. Imrtng tbe crisis of 183»- 4<) h? bands ot Cardinal Anton dli. One of tae principal diffl rous practice ot privateering, while the other secured ia legitimate organization and the true representatives of tbemaintained bim for s«»ioe time in the position of Ambassa- from deciding upon this step has, doubtless, been the dor He was also ambaasalor to Rome ia 1842 and 18*1.time of war the complete inviolability of the neutral dag, democracy of New York- There is really no contest ar unless ft waa employed to cover contraband good*, or unless question,except what originated fat ruffianism and ia nmit was found attempting to break a blockade. Smce the turned simply by tatetbood and that is too ttauspareat Paris declaration was made there has already been war and thallow to deceive any fair minds Tbe case can bebetween three of the Powers which were parties to it, stated in a word—The usual regular State Convention was the most illiberal period of his political »& w cW«w? a?«o cM wi>" The dimcaKy of Aiding an basted, the provision* of the new maritime code were to nominate candidatee for State oncers, but ala 1 to delife. He afterwards undertook the mission to Paris, again, equally energetic alter ego to remain at Rome during his scrupulously observed by all the belligerents Happily, in a critical period of Spanish affairs, and In 1857 he be absence has, however, haen got over by his Eminence, indeed, the rec;nt contest in Italy was of short duration,termine the time and manner of ctnosing Seiegateoa te Charleston, ano to appoint them if it sliouH so elect after discussion of the Subject, it determined, by a large ma JOTity, to appoint delegate*, aad appointed themMr. Wood having made a violent effort to secure the control of tbe State Otrveutoa, aod flading that be wa* utterly p*werl**s, resorted to one of those ssapsiate tricks which characterise tbe man, and with tbe aid of bullies snd fighting men from New York, attempted acame First Secretary of State ia the Oabinet of Armerosides being an eloquent orator, a courageous citizen, a politician esteemed by all, Martinez de 1* Rosa is also a poet and an author. Among his poems are bit "Oeuvres ai!terai^eB,'• which contain, among other dramatic wec^s,THEThe first Austrian representative to the Congress is JBANfused to join in the declaration made by Franoe andEngland, simply and solely ou the ground that the UnitedSutes-couid not consent to abandon the right of privateering. Ot was alleged that as America did not, tike thegrealenaritime Powers cf Europe, possess a slantingnavy, she could not relinquish this ancient mod-of war-fare*. It was for the same reason that she declined, impudence and humbug can be inferred. at the termmjtion of the war, to become aFIRSTAUSTRIANREPRESENT A TIVB.tion was organized, and al'. bat two delegate* elected U it—Mr. Alvord, who had officiated as Wood's chairman, and Hiram C Smith, of Monroe county—took seats In aad acted wdfa tt. Mr. Wood's pretended organization, there fore, onlv represented two out of oae hundred sod twenty eight delegates From this fact something *f iuwrong.tenfiary goes to Paris to demand tae restoration of the Legations, as a sine qua rum tor the iuitiation of any kml1 ii-.iiura, " • - rn'dsU'v u-njeil a card p'otenting ajrainst the outreg*The tenor or tbtse is, that the Papal Picnijiofrom all other share in the Congress, and simply demand poiition and circumstances of our country, m i . i . u ^ banks of tbe Rhine. The large and rich possessions of the bis passports to return to the Eternal City, where the go maritime law of nations as it at present standsaeWe caution our democratic friends in ether States sgaiDtt accepting tbe conclusion that New York cannot be carried for the dt-mocralic nominee in the approaching PiesidenUal campaign. Taat struggle is to be a might/ one between fidelity to the Ctoon and the constitution, and treason to both. The sentiment of tbe people of New York Is conservative, and in such a struggle, if the itthe kingdom of Wurtemberg, and of Mickhausen, in Bara-na) were left, after the death of Count Albert Francis, tobis eldest son, Count Albert, who was, according to the tun of the revolted provinces. Austria and Bavaria are now a forma! proposal from the Hanse towas ideatical in treated im (he preliminary eontvltaticnt -and arrangementt/rer*, and both togetlier will doubtless render great ser Rome. Many other public workJ tending to proante feudal laws still existing in force, the only hair of all the the countries to which this government mainly trusts for ito terns with that put forward by America in the year with thefairnest due to herpantum, vr soy a*e it nxort KMyThe goveromeBt of bis Holiness has accepted the pis oiler of the CoDgress in the present emergency on awount of the failure of every other practicable Solution Of the difficulties in which it finds itself plunged. The restora-New York frtppfie of tbe 9th tntlant, •oncedes that the State is doubtful, and onlv to be carried for the republicans by a most desperate effort Our people are fully aroused and heartily ahve to the necessity of a combination of alonly a small fortune, consisting in a rent, yearly to bepaid by bis brother, and a "seigneurie"' bought for bimby his'father in the kingdom of Bohemia Having enjoyeda" very good classical education at the Universities ofHeidelberg and Erlsngen, he entered, in his teeatietti tion of the Papa) sway in the Legations, et et amis, ap- posal of the American diplomatist*—viz:, that in all fu patriotic men in favor of the faithful observance of our \ ear of age, the Austrian military service, aa it is the cus- Stars to be an undertaking beyond the power of Pio tur»- wars ail private property upon the high seas, constitutional obligat-oas, and the rote qft*>? State cannot h*gloriously for Austria aod so shamefully for Prussiaby the so called Convention of Olmutz. At this timeCount Rechberg was one of tbe intimates of the youug It was a difficult position even for an energetic MinistryEmperor, and was specially protected and patronized by willing to send Cavour I suppose there is no necessitythe almighty Count Gruae and the Archduchess Sophie. to prove that the present Ministry is by no mesne energo hostile armies. We'ear that the practice was decidedly, cratic triumph.Through their influence he was, ia the beginning of 1865,tie, but it was not very willing either in the beginning The ea-Premier bad retired to bis country place under a cloud. His position witb France was spoilt: the King bad never forgotten that Cavour bad forgotten himseir in the inter view at Monzambano the day of the peace of Vitlafraoca. Tbe occasion was too tempting. The first place was vacant, and welt might the idea occur to one or another membertbe otber way. as the annals of Spam, and Germany andRussia can testify. At what period of the world's history, If with tbif e ends in view, tbe choice of the CoQvenlaow then, wa* tbe rule in question scrupulously observed"' should fall upon a statesman of New York—if tbe wisdomsent as Austrian Plenipotentiary to tbe German Dietim;>ena! master with such fervent impetuousness that in one of the sessions cf the I>iet he drew his sword against tbe Prussian Plenipotentiary, the Baron Otto voa Biamarkttlis idea would probably never have received any consist- ency bad it not been for tbe pressure whtcb came from th* supporters of the Ministry in Parliament. It is but justice to say that these latter espoused the cause of the leader, and worked without, and perhaps often against bim. They got up the polemic agatost Cavour andRatazzi, aad one of them, a member of tbe Extreme Left, went so f a r i n a newly founded journa:, '.be Slandardo Italxano,that tbe Minister of the Interior shut his doors to bim.Tbe difficulties, therefore, to Cavour's mission were by no means trilling Every oae "was overtly or secretly against him: those wbo were not against bim, at any rate,persuade the great Powers to adopt it they will render a most Important service to the commerce of the world, sna they will, no doubt, d'mintoh the chance or future wars. At the same time we do not see that there is at the present time the smallest probability of any general agree- ment of the leading maritime Powers upqa the subject. The latter must naturally be disposed to maintain those rights which, whether erroneously or not. have been long regarded as essential to success in naval warfare It has ever been the policy of weaker State3, on the other hand, to advocate the curtailment of these rights and the com mercial freedom of the seas Tbe time may come waen the arguments of the latter may prevail, but that time has certainlj not yet arrived.The State Engineer** Canal Report. The report of the State Engineer upon the canals of th"to fail to recognise tbe weight of obligation devolved upon us, to ratify it by the electoral vote of the 'Empire State " Such a preference—subordinated to the peramount late ests of the party and tbe country—we may honorably in dulge; but beyond ibis tbe democrats of New York will have no local or Stat? wislu3 or inte-ests to press upoa •heir brethren of other States The p.-egent is a crisis fo»- tbe sacrifice of a 1these upon the altar cf the countryWe should impugn the intelligence- of-f.romment polii, ea! men of otber States, should we suppose It necessary to defeLd the regular democratic organization of the State and its delegates to Charleston agatost tue imputations of abolitionism flippantly uttered by such reckless sheets a> tbe New Yoik iVerrr, Richmond Bngviror and New Yoau* HKRAIJO. If a delegation, corup. ii>:ng among its member*, and its leading friends such men as Dame! S. Dickinsoa,Edwin Croswell. ErastUd Corning, Da*id L Seymou:) Judge Parker, Horatio Se;. mow, Heman J RedflcU, John J. Taylor, Augustine 0. Danby, Job": Striker, Augustus Schell, and a host of others of weli known sentiments, Leeds to have the nationality or its principles defendedattention prmapaily to the study of foreign languages1330 he was Charge d'Affaires to Florence, and was for thefirst time in 1832 attached to the Legation at Vienna .where talented; both by family traditions decided enemies of carried the day. Scarcely were the invitations forthe late The mas Jones, Viscount Ranelagh, Baron of Wa- rou.THEPRIXCK MKTTKRMCU has been chosen by tbe Emperor asSECONDREPRESENTATIVE OFA V3TRIA.interest.THE FIRST PRL'SSIAN PLENIPOTENTIARY.This is a new feature in the reports of Engineerspast experience has been an increase of tbe estimates as 1tie work progressed.Ali the work remaining to be dene is under contract, except to the amount of $301,170 90.Bat all these pact divia.ons of democrats of this State were long ago settled, acd those who now attempt tor? vive them do It for mischief, and are enemies of the par ty—many of them secretly aiding anal co operating w*tu the republicans. or, like Bcynolda|(eas of Wood's federates), trying to place the power of the House of Rs..oar sketch. Born at Paris, in 1812, he was sent thitheras Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary ofthe court of Prussia. The Count de Pourtales, enteringRota to act in that capacity, is Senor CALOKROK Coituns* 1 a tlie-i plomat.o career at an early age, worked from As tbe polemics of the followers of the ministryTHE FIRSTIn consequence of the refusal of Senor Martinez de laREPRESENTATIVEOF SP AIN,one cf the most prominent scholars and statesmen of Spain at the present day. In feeling, aa well as ia poli- ties he is a strong national man, and on the occasion of the cxuteisent concerning the purchase of Cub* by the l u u v . sia'.t which arose out of the reference made to1S45 to 1848 in the ministry of foreign affairs, where he attracted attention by the extent of his knowledge and by bis command of thy two languages used in the German bureaux. He was afterwards appointed Minister Plenipo- tentiary of Europe near the Sublime Porte, and thus enjoyed an early opportunity of employing theattti continued^nay, became more bitter every day, it i* not surprising that the ministry got the credit 0: sharing the opposition when it had given it up in reali ty The public voice demanded clamorous!v- fa- vour; if it was refused, whatever came of theCsogress, people would always Lave remained under tbe impression that something better m 0 h t have been got bad Cavour remained—if nothing was obtained it would have been the ministry who would have been blamed for it; while, if Cavour weut and failed, no one could acrtuse the miniatry. Besldee, there was the consideration that if any one was able to make the Italians swallow a bitter pall it was tbe ex-President.F i r e sthat t;were lukewarm, and no one at all supported bim No, l a m wrong; he found a support in theforward at Paris. Warned by the regency question, care was taken not to compromise tbe ministry too far, and to leave the question for amicable discussion. As none of tbe Plenipsteiitiaries were as yet named, there was no ne- cessity for precipitating the matter.tion next spring, and the whole work can be done by the spring of 1861—if the funds are provided by tbe Legisla tare. The report says the canal maybe completed be tween Albany and Lockport, and aeven feet depth of water (Without the full \v,.,ih of channel) be secured from Lockport to Buffalo for $274,250.On tbe subject of lengthening the lock*, as has beer proposed, the report thinks it inexpedient, at least tii. the eiiLvigei-.e:.: is finished an I .Is capacity tested.S t r a n g e O c c u r r e n c e a t a F u n e r a l . fErra th•• fhu,i;.*n Timet Jan ;;t JOnecf tbe6t.angest occurrences happened yesterday at the funeral of Michael Gath'ie. who was accdenf ki"edtiic day previous on the Northw.-ternwiden we have ever been called noon tofam*'» or *fr. (.'uthrie, corsteting of a -antfe aud three children, had *e„ade •xteut.ee arrangements fo- the ac cctuai ta*on of the frieD's *i the deceased at the fuoemous sentiments of Helper's book*. The democrats of New York frown upon sjl these efforts to distract their party organization. T h # are faithful to the coaatituttoa of their country in all ij* parts, and deem it the duty of all patriotic men to usffc, shoulder to shoulder, la the ap proaxhing confliCfcfa*teed>of ettcottraging .'action.is plain, i k-asrag aad unaffected. Beside Martinet de la reaction on which Prussia entered in 1861, was with • Well, all these reasons having convinced the ministrv, ral. A l-'ge number of carriage* and a numerous as tbe crowd had left tbe s- • of the find. to a different partRosa, there could not possibly be anv better selection drawn from service at his own request. lb ISM, when if not its followers, the negotiations w^re carriedjon with sem'o-y of mourners were* present when the undertaker, of the city, tbe large brick oaldicg occupied by Heusley,made from amosg the diplomatists of Spain, to undertake the responsible n*issi. n of represeuting Spanish interests on an occasion of so much impm unce to the cause of liberty and human progress, la view of any ulterior change* that may be made, we also append tbe biograpb v of Senor Marlines de to ResaTOB SECOND BEPKESEKTATim OF SPAIN,?\>n AIEJAM'RO Mox, is a native ef the province of «Astu-ri.i3, in Spain, and has for many years been one of itsmost pt pular representatives ia iue Cortes. He is a bro-.ther in-law of the Marquis Pedal, ex-Prtme Minister, andduring the Pr *al Ministry was Secretary of the Treasury, whkh regenerate diplomatic bo lies as they regenerate the thirg too compromising was avoided, ao that it womd be addressed by his children as their mother. She knew Building of Mr. Whitehead; loss (no insurance) .... 20,000 which post he has o<*cupied audi:: three other ministers* social body, bad vacated important diplomatic posts in impossible to bring home to this latter any unwillingness. berstlf to be their stepmother, having been married to Hensfey, Roasell A Co ; toss 30,000 on different cccastoc*. In this department he has exhibit Prussia and Uits circumstance assisted the recently es- Whether because tt cannot be proved there really was no their father in due legal form, a: d in the fall cenfif. ,-nce Heneley, RUKCII '. Co. insured $6,060 in each ofed great tali.nt, as a *0 as In the parusmentary schools tablished regency, and enabled it to address foreign dbinchnation to admit Cavour, or whether this was only a that his first wife was dead. This s<ippc5iaon being now the following St. Louis companies—Home MaHe Is bow about sixty yesrs of age. and belongs to the courts tii rough new representatives. The Paris mis fetet, I cannot say, bat it was only ia the evening of the overthrown by the sedden appearance of one ctaimlse to tuai, State Mutu-J, I-aciac, Union ao>* one com-sjetuK* Pb» tbe Ninth gave him tbe eardmai-^ *J*V!?~ mederodo school of politics, with strong t9ndene,ies to tfc sun waa in the hands of an eminent man, alcf Jus»f ISdT- At that period ML AatoocH. - i Z S v T bitnaeU by bis Uberai opinions to tb* !h*mettte» rope, -tbe vtradty of bis charaater,by tbe most arable maaaera, sawsbrer tb* fsstttff wbtsb soon bissms a regularBe was a member, ai Minister of nuance, of the first es-Ssxfl f MsskSari astablsbed by Ptaa tbe Niath (i4t*» of * m e , 1847), aad .be waa, besides, aaosod Prosaf tbe afasafs** Asamlbam, a sort of ex-absohitttt prmeip'es which mark *o many of toe leadin, occe a itaeJoua patriot and a sincere friend oft h e cause given by the Ministrv for thVdeler te that it would have been indelicate to name Cavour before tbethe tWental question gave Prussia an oiipcrttiDtty to com- France. Well knowing that the decsion was in the hands Mr. Berry, arriv. 1 witb the hearse. Abuut the same Ruiis.tseilil *&.-rCv>o., «w-bhu..lin.v*.... comiaiesioft and grocery mar-bat the preteusioa* of Russia, M. de Pcwrtales returned to public life, and evrted an influence highly favorable to be Western alliance. It is well known that neither henor his political f, tends succeeded in ;heir plans, the sysof the Emperor, the direct official negotiations witb tbe chants, Den.iuggray & ."•>., bankers: Bees '; Allen, attor- time, another carriage, containiug a woman richly aadF>erch Foreign Office were more formality than anrtning fasliioi ablv tressed, was driven to th; door. The woman neys, and Dr. Suits, **as burn 1. The building was osra- etee, while the real negotiations were directed toootain alighted aad entered 1 he house. To the astonishment of ed by Mr. Whitehead, of Tennesseetern of strict neutrality lor Prussia having prevailed at advisability or such a atop, and, through him, make the In torn adcWifl her as their mother, manifestingthe royal council. M. de Pourtales then again retired and fibaperor inclined to listen. It is scarcely necessary to tbe greatest joy. minuted with surprise at seeing her. Earl tt Bunting. Metropolis Flour Mills; toss SM.OOStook part ia the reformatory movement, of which the observe that there was no direct opposition, and there The wife, on the otber band, was confounded. She Insured on building, (jEtna Co.) 10,00*Tea^ibv*,* ot Berlin was tie organ, and which tri- umptei on the incoming et the regency. Old age and death,osald not be anything shown to prove that the Emperor knew not what to say, nor what to think of this Insured cm grato, (Hartford Co.) 5,0*0 ass not from the first disposed to admit Oavoar; nay, hi sudden and etrarrs appearance of one who claimedthe negotiations with the French Foreign Offl>e evjry- also to be tbe wife of the deceased, aod who was Total loss over insurance 15.000. riincc. V is probable that if ail the ambassadorsmen of Spaia. He was lately mhister to the co-art a;Rome, and wiH earrw to the Congress great ability as well had been cbaaged, the Pari* ambassador wo ild have re- otber plenipotentiaries were tiaaawdgaMJ the people no their father, had reason to believe her dead. She had Hemingray A Co., beakers. Rc-es & Alien, lawyers,•a a etrong fe*aJfif to the Papal Hvasj. RSTRBSEXTATIVB OF STAIN.mained at his post, for )*, possessed the exact qualities ne- than; will uproot the idea that tl 1* delay w«* owing to an deserted her husband in the city of St. Louis, where they and Dr. Sales loss S,0M c * * * f 7 ) ° . m * , n ' , i m • I*00*1 «««eratandiug between the unwillingness or siugg.shn.-ssouthepart of the Ministry; lived, and shortly afterward caused aa announcement of Insurance 1,0** courts of Prussia and France. But death doused other- whoever has followed with anything like atient,oo the her death to be published in tbe newspapers of that city.the rnirersRy. ft J t j ^ ahsrwr rraasdbvased has^ ^^ajcb SpanKhCeaalt u m u ROSA, th* politician who wise, Count HatafeU bavins repaired to Para at tae com peaoeedings of this latter during the test five mouths But she wa* not dead. Leaving 8t Louis, she had lived Total lossas one of the Spanish representa- •* * e Paris CoagresB, was horn at GraasdA, in tat * college cf hst native of nineteen years he obtainednienceaieut of the Italian difficulty, without having bean wsn only see a new proafef tadecwJoa aad timilily In It hi Chicago, not knowing that her husband was her* until axcAPm-uiTTox. recalled, died suddenly m that city, universally regretted. However, BOmatter th* delays, for they led to a first she saw the account of his death published in the papers Loss by the twoI'aris was one oi tbe most desirable pasts, and one of tbe triumph of ipmuhbfltici noptfinaieon, sad this triumph te a pledge for yesterday morning. She bat come to reclaim her chil laeuraaceta'* patriotic tribune, asmof tberrrx saoojro rar-aux is Barcm Schlemits, a Prussian^^XBM9mrtMSamm^n»9rtOKrCBkliaaueattei memof PublicIJunta of OsJix to pro- her* of the presentby Congress, OSMMM- hoi again tKe Ittlian neral assemblage. Tbe friend* who had congregated tameat daucnit to fill. The q<ialilkatiuaa of Coon! do Pour tbe^fnture. «F tales, who enjoyed the mure confidence of th* Prince Redren and to behold for the last time on earth the form of Ibftpret* u rJtr begtn*i*pofa their father.Total less above insurate*.t, naturally pointed htm out, aad this selection pro- /bsw ere te thsIt to a revival of the Italian lulledtosleepbythetimidpedantry hte acceptance bv _. feelings towards Italy than •,orwhetherHatthesummoningofthe tmliaster to Italy tb* unpleasant dose toCadtbehappiesteffectinFranceaawellasinPruasia. The social position which M de Pourtales occupies ta fate country a the more important smce be is married to aire demoaelie de BetbmaanHewtor,whosefather,Minister/i<U*whin),kaTheappearanceofthestrangerindicatedtaatshewas one of that numerous class of abaadaned women who sail along our sidewalks aad attract the gaae of licenuoas men bythegaudytrappingsoftheirtrade.B may be well supposed that "a scene" followed theannoancement of her relation to the deceased! te that fu-TH*Coftbe PolishP e r n i o s ,SCTBBiOB COCBT—SPBCIAA Before Chief Justice Boaaaortb.boat UvABAOsa sad the Vbooaal I * Patra, bath of are well known in Portuguese polities as bright aadtights. Although neither ofa* any eery extraordinary displays in the arjSTAIXBD.tbe consent of tbe Emperor to the carriage They obeyed, aad the carriage wa* driven away. The hearse left tbe house shortly afterwards,Untitled Documentof dtpiomary, at.11 their legislativeability are geoaralry _will support te the Coabearing the remains of tbe deceased, but sot a single OP THE POPS ROT TO BE mourner to follow tt On arriving at tbe oametery it wasgantimiakuhmd. He waa one of the reserve, well known fiat proved; the Bttuatton was critical enough to require that first reeerve. Whether it will be sufficient time alonetb* ex Premier to expected to leaps is a few days Not unlikely there will be some more powrparim between tbe two Foreign Offices; bat this will not alter the fact ofJAB. 1A—JuUa ta Kootka tt Ed. X.case, whieb has been already reported, wberete tbe pteia- tifi sought Co compel tbe defendant to aecoant Car- tb* be ueas of an alleged partnership, the Court decided that Madam* La Xooska aad Mr Ftokiag w o n rjartoars in •the dental bokineas, aad ordered the oaa* before a 1to take an account of the business matters of theThe Bautucket Patific Bank te rjjpLMf *. ay Judgment for tbe plaintiff. $ a » A S 1 aadmeat to nnntete special paaianons.Same Plaintiff m tam DefmmuMt —The same todg rejoined by tbe carriage «««*»*"^ijt (he saw found moth r meet in this action as la tb* former; OPINION ON IPOBAL PODITTY OF THB CONGRESS—opinion of AuMriationary ideas, but we have reached the eighth month of her freedom without the poasib ty of denying herKaoIsVsta of the Carrnpv Alba awateareaaesyto much diplomatic discussion respecting the marinate of (bis State, that u mU b>Wpreaenfcaf entire m *V CkaHetThe perfmnel of the mission consUts, besides the Car- It will be borne in mind by the greater portion of oar premature orgaa zation of the Cfcn-eotion The defecate* dual himself, of Monsignor Massaai, one of the consisto readers that tbe government of the Uaiied State* was ao at large, not boteg rufflaa* disposed to engage te a Igfat,accompanied that refusal by a proposal of a very extra son. Wbo was in Svracise at oaee scented an Invitationordmarv character. She sail that although she would to appew before tit* regular CooUeoiion aod address it let,not, lu the pres at state or the question, relinquish ther g b t r f privateering, she was willing to abaudon altoge-ther tbe right of seizing the got)ai of an enemy on tbehigh seas, even when laden on jboard an enemy's shio,proriJed the maritime Powers Of Europe would agree tothis novel proposal We cannot, said President Pieaccede to the terms jou now Oiler; but, if you cbooj • 1abolish the old rules of maritime law altogether, a . 1 1 f. r Vr r>,ekir*> n have made tt p>oprr 'or r-s to say—aa give to private property at sea the feame privilege *•:> 1 we-r»ve 'out- ou bra authority-—tb at be repudiates all in time 0! war it Las upon land, we are will.ug t> m •••'. su-.ii pr-'CeediD-rfc as disorganizing, and fully reragaiseaed by the representatives of thesigned the treaty of Paris ia 1866.attracted notice in another quarter; at ail events we havethai tbe proponed" code of maritime law which has lately emanated b o m Bremen is identical in character with that which came from Washington in 1866 is beyond dispute Tbe Bremen merchants have, in efrect, repeated the proEuropean Power a « u o Bat it appears to haveextremely doubtful But durtng the Russian war 11is no dially to sustain any selection from that section of theforce encounters any serious resistance. It cannot be pre from New York will consult with their fellow delegate-.,tended that during the last great European war private property was, as a general rule, regarded as sa< red bycontrolled by the s i n g e pur'ioae of making such a aeeig nation as will, in the larg •«: measure, command the coa fidoDce of the raticr. and coctriout,- to a brikant demo-State was sent into the Legislature yesterday (Friday)document of much interest to the public. Tbe State Eo- fBa-sjpr (giirnates the cost of completing the canals as fol-amount, after deducting the work done since the last port, $46,039 69.repay tbe last rites to the dead, suddenly changed their minds and refused to follow the hearse to the cemetery. They aJao declared that the wife fahe whom they bad sup- posed to be the only wife) shoukl not do so. Thestranger offered to pay the carriage expenses of the family, but the friend* would net permit H hi the mida of eon^demble coofoaten, tbe stranger invited the thro* childrem into her•den'occiation o* the violence whieb bad beea resorted to Heat--! F<l* ti Cr.~6w.-i', A.igusiusScueil, and others, is-wbKh faa b»en auempto*. *•:31•etaworth, K a n i s a - L o u Orertso.ooo.even worth Timet, of the 9th inst., we tears destructive Ares had occurred bj that place. occurred at the flouring m't of K.'•«* A Bunting,southeastern part 0! the c . y . T V mul aad - ""*sriraoce Company for $l«» < ~»\ acd the grain in the Hart- ford for #5,000By tbe second fire, *-• 1 'a commenced .inmtdiateiy after Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comffltam tbe InvaliJe> Oonat (Meohbeeg, ot Vienna), Dec 11)a Italy 1toaad her children, who, witb the sexton aad undertaker, • lUiisasa at burial Than the children were conby their mother te a saw home where we know idvantStH«*a*«ML4-- u_ •- •—n—B. Lmurvnct as. John Wood* —New trm! de- Wat B, ftmgm the Be* TmrnkVkit* be not mistaken' ForD Di%ttem»4othert.^Jmittm 