 f, ^»f"~ '-y-t^-m;«JAt(f ttUVS tk« BhettoB of Freii-try or Beix? Is the danger ISBIDOK, or Douglas,—and boast of their own adherenceJ i i;« - ^ij*t'"-v «^'"^°dS;*»>^£^^ll:i^sd£-*-VpobBliirbalMrworse than Lincoln. and [Laughtercheers.]popolar passionsuppress»POTioiria KOVSMENT. dangerof Distinion now, that danger must growand -wea position all these men will oc- splendid politicalcupy in the contests that may divide the countrytbe much more PeopleFusloniata say that the struggle shallhe|6i|R. m\That is tbe broiad, the the solid,which the Presidency of this Bepnblic rests,—and:msios platino tsfo'TBiri£un>a "ow tUKIOaiBM^-"I"generalfties,spiritofX.—wo. 2823.NEW-YORK, MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1860.In ncmination for any office. [Applause.] What ecutive. Gen. JAOXgON Kda that be represents venerable President told tbe world some three 'PRfCE TWO efiNTiri^>^# '^ifr<«* ttekit eiigreu.votere-openmg the African Slave-trade ;—or by leaving but they vote for all the parties and all the candi- tlie lov altv of the people everywhere. Now, what Navy-yaid contracts, the Zflcoinpton ConstitutionItopla,ad*tinga slave-codefortheTerritoriesandbysatisfiedtoforonecandidateandoneparty;ItisthiswhichcommandBforHtherespectandirg putchsse,theof the Dlsvntonists.of our Government and theConautotion. K cbsnges tbe whole framework of onr Government. It gives to Florida, withon tbe CliaracteraadPerils9ttbegoHouse,theBepubUcans^ecch»rXr.B. CoaUtiontand ? howling passions'tid gi^ng— [Ap-mstory^omt negotiation,J.BayiMBdof the roost agohewrotea litter toon which these do partiesagencypeople.tary political principlenot hold sentiments utterly hostile to eachCan any reflecting man—-studious of the publicwithout and apprehensionDo thatthemenwhonow First-avenue, you supposea Eleventh-street, tf'calmness, gwaaure at government or a single feature to their hands sothey committing directly•Iher. They are not agreed upon a singleA constitutional sophism.by endeavoring to elect some man who shall have a less number ofpeace,—contemplatehorror, the scenes which would probably beof Bidilie policy. Yet their great endeavor, the sole object of their efforts »nd their ambition thus far in the canvass lias been,—not 'to convince each ottjer or the country of tbe truth of their princi-allegevides two modes for electing a President— one? threaten•^^-s"V#^''y^-^ys*'-^' ^^^o«*Jbntsoto assigntbe places onthe electoraltiieKet, that each party should be content with its from that day to this, this implied intent of theSuppose the Fusionists, out of their profound regard for the public peace, succeed in defeating an election by the people and carry it to the House of Represen- tatives. What will happen then? The election is to be made by the present House. The members are already chosen. We know their position andplea,share of the spoils, and that all might vote to-Theyacting, therefore,outsetofthevoting,itwouldbecome —Has not this been the buraen of their Have not their organs, da^ after day and week after week, insistedupon this as the greathad livedlong time. Frequently the woman would'KMid ds^In dissipation, and but a day or two sinoeSia^ wm. imprisoned for drunkenness.Yesterday momlag her husband went ftoaa iame, andshetooktheopportunityto makeacannfarnVtr.gether aia« ?1election, sinceand hazardtemperate habits,miserably togetherprinciple.alition is always a suspicious proceeding, when Buchanan, the Electors have been"of their efforts T [" Yes," yes."] Now a co-objectqoestifms of principle are involved,—for it alwaysarise in which compromises arepledged,Now, I maintain that, while this is in accordancewi^theformsoftheConstitution,it violates andits and It isnottruethat nullifies spirit intent.theConstitution has provided two alternative modes of electing a President, between which a party, orcan predict their action.The vete, as I have said,delega- vote shall betosomeextentasacrificeof But principle.theyMrs. EusA Tbmt, win Uves attttaSfffl'** mimgriiiftfii maynecessary compromisespledged,candidate.acquaintance,the same they hesitate to plunge the House into a general fourth floor of the premisesfor tbeBut they must beto attain their ends 7 As the enned. Tvan went;^good.baseduponsometliing, havingsome selvesfromthenaturalbutvindicated them- distrustofthebonaand, being somewhat Intnateatad,—for their foundation. The par-under the the Constitution,make its choice. It provides only one mode, and then it provides for thepossiblecontingencyofits&ilure. Itprovidespublicpeople unjustacting, conformitya coalition ofparties, mayas New-York with S3, orfight if necessarycontest progressed, moreover, hundreds and thou- sands of citizens from the South and the North,— from the Southwest and the Northwest, wouldcommon principleties to iLem may waive for the moment some ofandaswith theorOhio with 23.ont of questions inTOlving principle,know on what gronnds the danger is to be warded ofl. If that Pnsion ticket should ruoceed, la the coun-j6em.tgpp«iiqi)^tptheBDuae'ofXui I cmmire every considerate manto be saved by the gospel according to BascK-denounce their opponents for political inconsis- Union have a share m the election of a PresMent. by die whole history of his Administratkni. I<et a choice.which threatens the country to be averted by!Most men aietbe the Willett'sof the Fort Snell-thing at loose ends, havingthe no policy on any question, dealing solely inthe Stales. This ia a wideseveralseveralclaration of princi^ea »n*^ _,m1861, and «Vijnjij Southern irufid^or a secesslonHfOnAT" so very general that they don'teven " glitter," trusting every&lng to chance, and SouthernWimtxbme, fellow<itizens, to.leaving the ship of State to drift, without helm or compass, over the wide sea of contending interest*State thinks of such a fusion. ofpublic money.Montgcmery, Ala,,that ticket, yon voteforit. us,first,!,iTtkxctrt, of H liiliMa > oneofJuatheascendsBt,ifweelecttheticketvote for al) these principles at once 7 Must the country go to destruction unless I vote for threemillions and a with quarter. California,exposed his plans, and cast a ':~immediatethe Constitutionof the distrusted theThe framers of steadiness, thetainly be larger than that of any other candidate.Do these men then, to disregard all the propose,lessons of experience,and to brave the consequences"strug- gled for by the same fierce and relentless foes?the feared to trygood judgmentoftheandyesterday aftetnoog,larsuffrage. ought that,in strict ac- coriunce with the Constitution, when they con-tiiqii difTerences, on minor points. They inay safe-]t and Ixmombly stand together, provided theyAwl Mae-common ground to stand upon. We hadan instaaee of this in 18S0, when dangers supptosed plause.] Gov. Hunt is all right on the point of each electoral district to be impendinK over the country led the leadingiI'Alabama1 California 1I Florida I'Georgla1 Louinana.'.ascertained wlMTd Ids wife 00^ Imen of that day to lay aside their peculiarviews, and unite to pass what have since beenknown as the Compromise Measures. But states- of the People, constitutionally expressed,ami, instead of political gamblers, were at' the sovereign tribunal of the land, supreme alike overtheir share in the election in addition to the district to their size orby casting votes,thatnothingpresence representativesremark that he could get his own dinner if he waHlirta knift. aiat, any. At this FcsLii produced podketpnldwtoo late. That —and decided against him. The willthe—heaJ of that great movement. Websteb and Congresses and Courts [cheers]—-byPresident. Thisistheprinciple —governsit,Cas8 and Hxiirt Clat [loud and prolonged ap-the left veatneiay the heart, in the confusion incident to tbaf!plttie,!They\itSt : 'bcMti ^settled this[LoudDissensions,of all who desired withweretheleadersthen.dtdnotbase distribution ofverycori- spirators wouM have the guasi sympathy and tol-comprop^Mthem the defeat ofcandidate. If Lincoln should be attention of the other tenants of_history ; he construction has been decided— mob, snd.^, .-^.^,—bow to Sivide an electoral ticket among Gov. H CRT may to believe that the thirty- professTotalHere are 15 States certain^nt, notoaog^ng elaiinants,->-not whether this party fi^e electors on the Fusion t^ket will go to Albanyto vote for Ll.vcoLN, certain to vote for Bbkcki.nbidoe.had seen the morderer leave thaaiz electors and the other seven, Ili>> ihmiM htT seven and the other six.and 12 equallyafanWIriI—They drew up a «f nriiKiples upon wluch all could a surrender <k their own convic-for some single candidate, on motives States. The whole ba- «on, while Bebckinridge Bepresentatives voting by"id upon principle.ments,solelything. They will be there and then, precisely what are here and now,— men. Theythe election is and this fact delegr.tion from Illinois consistsof 6 Anti-Le-the Constitution, and would encounter the resolute until the arrival of a of the BevealaealB poUcemMiiHaSLT^* vld^tion of their political integrity, r^Eaia.1 Awi whatever may be thought ol the willto be alternative,—that no party has avote for Douglasif his r.ams shouldinto thetto he held Coroner SoDiaiiaa te^ay. bywSaSi e* flieii acdon, no man can impeach the honor or the patriotism of the actors themselves.BntwhatdoweseenowT Does any one of the^partiesto this Coalition abate anything of its pecu-has oppositionwillvoteforBell, butcouldnotvoteforBbeok-Arkansas haa oneor Theygencylaying aside their party commit- the President shall be elected by the House of.,.^_. Lincoln will thus lack but two votes of an elec- his inauguration would be in flagrant violation of tstereeneth,^wthieerte die came upA,with Urntaad.mhsHnManitIIchanged:that the two modes were notand wouldof all other parties. The Constitution will Ward, by whom the prisoner wasii,yor(yrespective party right to choose between them,]i,partypoUtical ruin. [Applause.] A freeman, holding to avail themselves of this provision. That, I as- Illinois cast her vote for Breckinbidob.to ^ end,'"they voteintendedfor ihey cannot in the other as its party interests may require. Theof byHcufe as one of the three highest candidates, the Disunionisis will havetheexperiment important,ofof ", thwarting the public willHistory afforded no encouraging precedent for it, and they were too newly released from the princi- ple of hereditary monarchy, to feel safe in castingthemselves at once the full fireedom ofupon popu-byvotes than he ?WHO can be elected in TBI BOUSE AND WHOenactefiand have been elected solely becauseweremaioritjrto aAt the very outset, in the very first election held—with its one member,has preciselypariicular[Applause.]witha vote which menaced them defeat, and wouldframers of the Constitution,have done ever since, in strictforms of the Constitution, they asserted their sov-but his owntiamme of principles on which, for the sake of conscience, may change his political views and the Constitution. [Applause.] Take an analogyBar Have drawn up any pro- I pretensions? theyto the and intent of spirit— INBIDGE in any contingency.end would probably vote for the former, rendering more votes necessary to his election.and savingthecountry,theyarewillingtounite,and hispartyrelations,byKothlng of the kindkind. beenof the kind has evencase. There is provisionof a President by Republican'thus been saved. Well, I am in favor who broke thetighten,Democratic Party at Charleston,highesttheypersonally vindicated before the world. But no m a President ;—and that in case of his death that Not only has nothing of the roan can accept from a party a place as its repre- power shall devolve on a Vice President. This isThere are men engaged in that movementbut been aiiempied!precisely an analogousndventurets might divide;for DouotAB.ten Bell men I am not soihore aident State, and he would lack but one. Oregon, patriothave agreed that the coun- solemnlywith evident honesty of purpose, he may stand that the E-xecutive power shall be vested providesDouglas Democrat, thusin New-York on Monday nifht.whichtry shall be governed in the evv"* of tb^ir success ?!Kentucky, Maryland and North Carolina«- HON. BU7AB WABD ASBAULTBD BT B.done,peculiar vitws—hilling each other vrilh all theirlollow the electionthe If I had access to that assembly Iuicient cordialii) —an.itime, as gumijlcrs at the cririt table watch eachpersonaltingency ijeing not onepecplc. all such men to weigh CEhnly the red should askOn Saturday Ust, when Hon. wasm front of the City HospHsI^eWa^ *»« *»Other for fear of k,ni„gCapital, precisely They may possiblvharmonizethey propose.Haei, Simeyor^* <^°»"''V l-.uvi- msbaUhave see,,, auotlurone vote.f^"".^'^ head with •Mr. WA» 1^«~-faib-bsnk. [Applaube.]WHAT DOBS THK Fl.SION TICKET r.2pnESlN;eachplay coln wouHbe elected.gives to the Senate the designation of an actingPresident. Putting out of view the [Applause.]watchingand in the Disunion party wliicli he represents. theynature probable,sufficientlythe Fusion move-right to create the contingency contemplated[. Well, now, we are told with mrat esvUatio!ithe lingering remnantsthe ten lostof the old Know-Nothmg to still another clause of the Constitution, which[Applause.]ano temporary disturbance in some' of theSouth-l.y the organs and agents of this lotty eui«;rpiioe, th;it it has been successful. Th^y ii&.-juro us lhlii theorroiiiJation, rcpresenlingas is now without .someunpeuduig commotion•^\ three opposition parlies have given th*' pro-jrauinieeither of the smallest States, to make Mr.Lincoln else, butever tookthat c,./,?„„, an^ the I'fi*- of iheir mutualf.ienuly greeting,•'"°^^„V'*'^J??' Slf''*°I'^^',>^'' ftnpfre-StateforthePresidcury. prcri-civ as needy BIDGBihoterv, or as gamblers mijht tiwr'- th. hazards of a sureto be attb passing11;.chn.i, ,.; „, ^lot-Of thefo^they have reaU, poUtAndsome stillo chancedrJiasthe and so ar.'? you. We are allupSquatter Sovereignty,—and tm votes for'"'i^;^;'"I ""country,1^, I have uo doubt, to do, anything Billr will permit, and the emergency votes for FusionBnt —practicalthe action of thus to the Preadencyto determine now is.which time and deslii.y t'vesiniplr agreedsemblestant any action is to be Uken,provision,self of it ? Mr. Pbtob, of Vhrgmia, seems tothink How stands the case with Lincoln?He the votethe event by people the one hand, and carrying the election to theapparentlyWow on the side o. the TMmay%9$ any great peril which.msy menace BIBCK and eighteen for DonoLAs—shall take The Rcpubof thevonld Uke to know first, what causes the peril, relenting war against everyrUnloti%p^~poeceforehanset entirelyconntry. jnd next by what step^it is to be averted.all,the/menPreodent,[Applause1.^]«" ^TM of^heoiTOimunlty. Tl^But we If therewho haveha* ever professed and every manthe basis and tenure of the Presi-denttl the of our Beprfilic, the part, I should dread the day which shoiild stake.«>''' 'h«mUm-»^'>.>.-s^4- .~;&^,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com'li«^^. 5'^..-no officeresponsibletonobodysert, is not a conformitywith the BepubUcans didate.Di.ed tbat the wound is qnesttoa jdissolve mto itsment vrill onjrinalHouvse of Representativeson the other. I have noblow .lu,,c,-.. the iron raiimg.o^.ariy«t„J~Tr ?.,byMr.1^seven Breckmridgethe eighteenDouglas men wdl vote thisLincoln, —of the Constitution its full effect. for him, that would give him the voteof that desire to sneerat an honest of Dis- apprehensionMr. Hakiwh wheabe was seizedno are political wanderer8,-likeand create a ^ibe'.- office of Vice President, in order to give— ;in aand forI come now to a much more seriousrable by^\,tl".'s "".;^in^-ife,r., m wA;/ vai/ot a<are under many the proprietthoerisr,aia.g-euniitfso,ld 'ef'f<or"ts^'to;"s^er"rZa,^and;|:vKEETT. gives.^crcn to defeat the election of President by the People,within itsgrasp ;—but it does not accord withthe>'i-"l':„''.''}'",\h'ti Ucans '""°^ *public,4 -K^NtW .it'^no and opinionsA»OPINIONWOBTHRXADINO.dent the not of the represoitative,People,butof hecan,theliteraltruthofMr.Bucbanan'sletter.ma^directly than Congress does. Be is chosen l>y tlie Pee|>Ie voting in the ratioyeais ago, that money was corruptly naed touifluence the elections and the legialanon of thisferredlives.territorial squatters to regulate their own af- dates hut one, whom they find in the field ! fairs and ours also ;—or by leaving every- plause and laughter.]dees the Fusion Bovcment to do 7 To de- proposemode ofthe patrcnage of the^dvemment, and doubt, if—the dissolniion of the Vtatm^^J^tg haf» Jtike same which have fewer white Innatritants it the BB^obUcan Head^qnartMs of the and upon perfisctly good and substantial grounds ? tfoum m bed after Oug han* tpU at •*, tmijjjjIday rUf^ilbai, in IhaoVlyn, to a large and intelligentthan the two votion to the public good. He ^ves them credit [Langiiter.J[ Can the Union be saved only by my ner us, /or jnar*. [Applaasa.1 It Is a Mew-York States of Saw-York and Pennsylvania :—yet they for a degree of self-denying patriotism to which haafans, but to advised of^its keepU^ ^SMetldi, afOBing' PifgUH^iticaitTiss. Acopridetable portion and absolutely false ? And how about candidates ?Idea, originating in local boatiliUes and interests—which has into sad tenls to migrated New-Jersey,would weigh ten times as much in eiecting a Pres-ident, tlie which the Fusionists are en- open planAre men He is toowho protesa to resjpeet the fundamental principles slightest risk when I predict that there isinfluence its comnsels, and tte members, and to shape its imnoawTV^^'^ seatMnSk^M '•*'pttiU an^ piespects of the pend-— one of if acted would eachother, any which, on,[Ap- plause] But I fear he reckons wiUiout hisinoet.—otd tibeii Itagaat^:,'__an extaodad leport of that part ofol his country, if the country demand the sacrlfiec. —calm the storms ofvoting for three platforms, diametrically hostile tomakes not the himself. slightest preten^nrain the country, unless both the others are utterlyIt originated iinoe the BalthnoTe Conveatloa, "deavoring to carry outaccomplishment of their:plai» mHafbtrlMaikaame Lmoouii"suad(.n_ BszcKiNBiDGK President? No! sar both the,.^ ,.. ., _^ ,1 all these evils t^Ol follow on tais electionmotcnient, ntioiriTAn States into a Betolutioh." Atf-tftfeviVsilW iniiliiiiliiHiiiMiiiri liilrrn jiliirr in the past common, and that is, hatred of the most upright, How about South Caroihia T What of Alabama ? in a minority of about 25,000 and that, in fact,Congresswilltheyes-hirtory of onrBepnhllc.BMUtto, said lb. B., all our Presidential con-—Abbabah Lincoui,What of Mississippi t There is no fusion there, it is war to the knife between the Union-savers on both sides. [Laughter.] But np in one or two doubtfulStates in the where men are toNorth, given bargaining,and ukere political principles are only the counters laid dou-n on the gambling board, there they can make bar-verymajority popularno objection apparently to having a President elected by seventeen States, with less than one-fifth of the aggregate population of the United States. [Applause.] Hehasnoobjectiontonullifyingthe three millions of——tion ? Is it there that high considerations of the portunity, ^which should give faim the rhalwa- l-The coun- t>y Ktii been divided into two or more iioUticalteats have been contests of principle.applause.].principle is based.puties,havingHere, then, is my first great objection to voting for the Fusion ticket. I do not know ichat or who—good men in Congress, men competent todevsied in and which tbrar are concert,deavoring to coerce the _peop of_attHltc eanieailythat of allduties, thedutyofle Stm-Y^Ai.]its own ofplatform —principleseachwithjta ean^iates representing them, and eachand to elect those can- honestlygains and/use customers.to save theUnion, [laughter]—willttieL'the national councils. In the last principle.if itIt rests uponand into full carryingdMajMyfigH>esake ot giving its' principlessucceed,peopleratifyinggoverning impulse eSecttfAfpbfLaie'buy m cheating tlieir opponents, or in betray- President ?by [Cheers.]utteredenjoyed ment of the Southern Democratspassionshaveeachadistinctive platform. Oneassertsthedivisionofthetkket thefriendsofthe amonghas avowed, and distinctly, more than once, openly— oppoitmi^,;but his own in Presidential candi- theory having anyhi^theoryThewholeaimof movement—the-tbne ofjMmtion parties in this State is to form good electors who will exercise their ownunless it be Abbabax Lincoln.rest of his life.and at the end of the term Gen. Jacksonevery attemptthe clearest and most flacrant Lincoln should be thefctJUpiyivfoUowets.[Applause.]if that movement aimsonlyto chooseNeither Bbkckinbidob, nor Douolab, nor Bell hope for,—swept long contest it was felt that the countryotwatfaw.a Oo^Uion,—to fiue,pi electedby people— lidwt. We bear nothing of their principles, no happens it that every one engaged in itThei :nottoinsistevery Territory, and that when there the Federal insincerity—as a matter of historical fact, Iprinc^lethat the Constitution carriesSlaveryintopeople,giveelected,eighty.3The other denies and denounces this doctrine, and asserts the right of the people of the Territories to admit or exclude itandjudgment, it is one of infinitely more importance would again crush all that were instrumental in upon the legislation of the land, its control over Party.Government must protect it.at pleasure. The third asserts the supreme, para- to the And this wasapplause.]moont duty of having no opinion on the subject, and of ignoring utterly every political question im-to create a difference ofportant enough opinionamong the people. [Cheers.] There is not a soli-nearlyveryGovernment, certain that Mr. Lincoln will be "at the head of and its general guidancepilotage when thisonlyhonest, patriotic and Union-loving candidate of161,000few of our Presidents have had an absoluteif humanscheme which should afford him his dnind ^*4#>them allThat is the whole Fusion moveme(ftof IlUnoisvote. And he has—public good alone rule the conduct and the coun- ssks, could it possibly have deneDean! 1866, we had on the one side Mr. lic policy. I do not know in the least what meas- the and ures it would adopt, or wliat candidate it would ^ resenting principles policy select for the I am not willing thus—of them—without elevation of character, either na- bythat these blesentiment,andtheirownselfishinstinctstheir foundation,—UiattheSonlhempeflpMiflatL|2T0-i}laTery Democracy as it then ex- Presidency. ;theextensionofSlaveryintofree tocastmyvoteutterlyinthedarkastoeverytheI'I think the honorable gentlementheir assent, will regret It when it Is too late. I will do anything that is nonorable to aid the election ofbetray pas-sion cannot swerve from the path of honor ana of amine the grounds on which a Sootlwnrar'^succeeds. It has no basis inin New-York by the vote 47,000 Florida. His respect for majorities does not take that direction. Th» fact is, the ma- jority principle enters but to a very limited extent into our institutions. The plurahty rule ia much—themselves men whom nono solid foundation ofpub-who have it givenofin—whom Hr. Raymond proceeded at some lei^th ta>« could into indecorous violencem Ooii.l?»wmOT, [land^ipianse,] rc»resentii«the IBSTHIOBTTHATILEOTOKSADDNOTTHXFIO- psoelnictiecaolfqauecstoimonm.on[Continuedapplausies.] Inthbeutpraes-r pracisely'Wluitand wliom he was for, votingonlyconvention of unpledged, uncommitted, irreponsi-in the choice of Mr. Banks,resulting [loud ap-a broad basis ofregard generaljustice, truth,and aileUsion. Welavlaattie other aide point on which votes are expected to tell.vote, or halfa vote,/or men with whom I differ enemy, politics silent,everyhas the most votes for any office,greatestnumberofpeopleapprove,—shall fill it.All our members of Congress arc chosen uponthat It obtains in nearly State In principle. everythe election of Governor and members of theislature,the choice of Presidential electors. In an Georgiatheir habits, trained to consider reckless rage a no-apprehensiimsarewithoivt v,pdoaiilpiB of omtosition totiie extension of Slavery «ad.fr« had Mr. Fillmosi, representing the party wliHB-legtHdttd foiogn Catholic influence as threat- iwlimlhii iiinntimininf IIIPLK ABB TO CHOOSB A FBXglOBNT.But we have a reply to this objection. Gov. Hunt, whom I regard as the author of the Fusion, as he certainly was the earliest and the most zeal-as It is ame to vote for men in whom I have conSdence per- sonally, who I suppose will pursue those views orfriends l>elieve to be and to right,law. These men will come there freshto take so a important stepwitnant., vist'mmiiX^danger to the resistance to it the cardinalpolicy« that electoral ticket. cohpbohise. ^at now Hiis has all been chanced. The politicalhas been violatedbut once in the of a Pres- choicefor theof the P' separatet tnnmoa[Applause.]TBB SEAL OBJICT Ot TBI COALITION.But, fellow-citizens, there is another aspect to this movement. Gov. Hunt knows very well thatAsambwas chosenplause,]aevoted for this ooalricw akd sotand the other in that of Mr. Pennington. Whatwasthedemeanorofthiscalm, deliberativerights good,presentcountry,warrant thedicti confident pre on;longquestion—flushed with hatredmy aaClfMcii^aMdecreed and the of ous laborer for it, has set forth, in speeches uid extent 1 will support JooN Bxllanarchy in which men of such a stamp find theirbest for distinction and advancement. opportunitiesbut I will not voteto Mr. nor other i>» iiinJiaUli ite principlaM"«l itself.. The lines the People should elect a President. They were I commend those sentiments, gentlemen, to theParty,were to choose the Presi- dent, wSh whom directly the people had nothingpeispecUse,jbledelegatestheyThe bare prospect ofelectingaRepublicanSpeakerrousedthesemen of violence to the utmost pitch of reckless fniy. In these cases the contest was protracted forBepnblic. Widelybattle-field presents an entirely different array of whatever to do. Nowecntendiiu; forces. We harcL it is true, four par- HtJKl'S opinion, he has departed very widely fromlies With loar candidates and foar platformstlia Bcpoblican Futy is the only one of them all date at all. What business has he to support Bkll the issue of this canvass. He, and those U&t stands its grotmd and maintains the honor of and Etkbxtt if the people are only to choose un- who are acting with him, know very well its Sn- rAppnnse.] Tlie leaders of all the others pledged electors, and the electors to choose the that no PresWent will be electedin of one electoralsupport — discretion in the choice of President,or dream of, an election by the popular vote. object of this fusion movement, therefore, is <o de-eUctum President thefeat any of by People.The whole movement is based on a profound dis-like a whirlwind. Col. Bbhton, m The result was a caution to all ipublic men againstakdiealian of tlieir distinctive opinions and pur- f^wT^ lillilin liK Sfrlasinniiii ciy, the oSspring parity af tear a^ paMly of hate,—the ignoblestry Elector pledged to one man or another ?all this feverish anxiety to secure a satis&ctory"future attemptsNothingbut the selection of committees, thethe Constitntion, snd to crush ereiT attM^t toofthehumanheart,—foraunionoftheirforces and their votes. Tet these three parties three Fusion candidates for the Presidency ?peopleHftue of RiTTtsentatives. Tbe principle of Responsi- pointment cai ruin and personal humiliation attend the viola-pettySootbemftnl llili fai t—from the Bepresentatives.or endeavor to be["That's it," let and 1824, who is not at the head of the list, and theif thatreallyis Gov.And if this is the theory of the FusionThe Administration neverfieely— ;how has his own Presidential candidate 7 Why is eve-thecommenting upon that election, declares thatState two and every strong[Loud on which theof theobject which only convicts the parties concerned of to the House ofBut,uponthispersonal inconsistencyandThis ts the issue : and in my majorityofof 30,000 office holders of every grade for establishing the Government npon tbe misconcede the truthGov. Humtimes would deterand the Democraticofright. ^The Constitution does assign the choice ofthetheory.isimitation,prin-President to Electors who are to be chosen by andanysinglethwarling the public tcill.^^•few, if the election goes to the House, it is veryrepresent people. provision inserted, as we learn from the Federalist and the debates of the day, for the very purpose of remov- ing the choice of President from the direcj andfoundations of ournavy andnation—how will it beRepublic,of the!absolute majority is required, and in South Caro- fiieirMlHatf' eCbits. Each party was true to public addresses, the theory on which it rests. He for Douglas defeat Lincoln, for any lina the electers are appointed by the Legialature.Twice in our recent have we had South will suffer no inrasticeandreefiM i historylessons pregnant with instruction on this cation to secession at bis hands. He cthat this was tbe bestpoint. We have Imd two contests for Speak- possiideBiiDi^StarifaeiT leading object Mr.tells us that the Constitution never intended that purpose. [Renewea applause.]"But the rule is everywhere imperative that theman who has the of votes shall be elect- pluralityed, rather than one who has a less numlier. Thiswere clearly and distinctly dtewn, and every manto choose electors, who should elect a Presi- careful and considerate attention of every honest dent for them. The Electoral College was to be a Bell man who proposes to vote the Fusion ticket.—er in the House of Bepresentatives one settlingthe sectional controversies—and ;ident.1824,by(rf'tfae 'the one to be without any warrant in tikt>( 'tion, and the practice of the other to ba i ^^ weeks, and was marked by all the incidents of adequate to the political emergeiiqee at Qi£i civil commotion. Members went armed into the he regarded both aa always and evarywbraaTWhytogovernPresidentml elections in the^i- officers, aiwlor overthrow it.Disunion, tbenfOR^ wSpeople,so momentous a task. 1 The fusionistsButGov.Hunt to know claim to beConstitution has beenThere has never been athe Constitution was adopted, conducted upon thatIn everysingle instance, from the elec- ticn of Geobge Washington to that of James—list, that hishnsbana, consequenceabsolutely solitarypeople, according provides, in order to avail themselves of the second ofthefriends andunftloinchtihnegly labsytin the choice of their ralers and made thegatherHavingereigntyelectors the mere instruments of their will.— chances to one that street collisions wouU occur,and abased bar te bar I did not bear his fanlt-tndbig vrlOi patlenae, her irritation she pushed him away ftom 1 .questionerationtheshould be over, all parties would make common[Ap- comes with his Constitutionalone elector chosen for and the States are to haveDelawareplaceonlyjust seventy yearstwo votes each, without reference This is the basis on only which the Constitution rests the election of abut theof Federalof thefoun- dation of the Govcrhment to the present day, has1 Virginia 11_1 ISof the wcispon havbig penetrated rence, Fi>ij;t ran down stsiis for the |series of "from the precedents,rurujingPennsylvania Rhode Island Vermont Wisconsin.1^that the most reckless and desperate of theaof office. The question with them applause.] That precedent will be followed now.uponand settled it for ever.I'he however, had noise,null and void.to defeat a choicetheythusFor Lincoln.ConnecticutIndianaIowaMaineMassachusettsMichiganMinnesota 1New-HampsliireNew-Jersey l;Oregon 1 New-York r I'South Carolina I Ohio ITexas 1must be provided for. This the Constitu- and cast their ballots withgut regard to their party tion does. Whenever that emergency shall occur,in pursuit of tdm. She faUswad fata cause against Disunion—and any attempt to resist to Avanoe tbaaeeconnections,will lack The five.—of the public good. They will do no such sistheirThey dare not do otherwise,candidates.and take the one orun- rages in the House,which, however, there is but little chancteh.e wBaurt&re ibeforms of the Constitution on their sidefor——and the friends of Douglas and of Bell will be de- terred from open resistance against them, because such resistance will be construed into complicity in the election of their can-Police of the Eighteenth Precinct the scene oi the murder, and Buoi lie girl, named Hsaut, both of r^obligations, and be- tray their party trust, without personal dishonor andfor a ;—the Fu- contingencyder no circumstances whatever, afterMr. Docolas at the South, couldsuch a case violate theirConstitution provideshereafter! With what admirable grace they can of representative po^alation. All tin voters of the country. That he told the truth is fully proved them to refien well npoif {.oKn (be'<^B»aqoencesortaaitency,to one line of political conduct'p<q»lar basis on any man read the devekmments of tiie OoDgren-will allow1 should not like to see the election of a President the brought within the reach of a corrupt use of theGov. it [isApplaushea.s] said that if the elec- Hunt, true,Perhaps youread to you what an eminent Union man in a theoryDatib, Maryland—[loud|thespread.since the nomination of Mr. Bsu. ObI[Applause.]complimentary, half. I run noVjho1let as make afusion to beat Mr. Lnooui "—not to elect Mr. Biu.byja (andI nowliisskaB «mi€,wisay both the other twowhich now rends the country, and in every way lon with his neighbor snd sacrttee ttem on the altar ccmmand the confidence of the American people1;he is ainunite iher"*. ^very gentleman the SouUiouahttokad iliiailj beat done so often and so clearly bytha cadMB^jentleiDen who had preceded him inthis ilnieb^Bieetkigs, Oat it was comparatively the extent of ten votes. There is not a single political sacrifices, and yet show no desire themselves would be in thelution.'^says liiiiiaiaiaai) He Aotdd ask their attention to a of;yetsupportdai^!fives,present party liiviaiaBa, ,_featnie oT.tiie pending canvass wliich waspdntharmonyagreement,princi-thrralenliir the fold at ail. Ohfuse in New-Yorkdissolve the Union. They propose, therefore, towith itspresent temper of the public mind, ahaS bacaBllto i^—which distinguished it, in a marked andnotverycreditablemanner,fromallthePresi-and or Permsylvania, for there they are New-Jersey,— ;cates the most important functions of government,ask thePresident by a constitutional majority of the Peo- he could possibly desire a better oithe other bothgivehim theiirtodown In thatway;argumentstormy times, duties?ofhishighI ask yon—and I wonji /(be to i.uaiidoD his wtllInKpoUtiesl dtvartMesofopln-If they sow tbe wind they shallreapthe•''•'mymim'r -^^ -andTet they intend to vote for him to For when the struggle irfor life or death, for peace or all hurtful agnation? Could any President thus the extent of eighteen votes. Do yon intend, civil war. It is out of place to allow poHtica] oiviaions elected, no matter who he might be, have that'then, ,^0 Ko! sayloyaltyelect Bell tins ticket? of opinion, to keep asunder lovers or the country. AU strong hold the by electing of over- uponOVBBPBISBltTATryBSWOULDBE.Now look for a moment at the real nature of tlie lect satisfaction. He needs now notUncbiIft: KAnton said ha did nstpnq>ose on thisMCMimfo enter tjprai any stateinent or vindica-^adtatepitac^ilea1^tbeBepublicanParty.That HeabandonstbeSouth,saystheone heabdi- rulingnecessityoftbecountry.and of the regardeksential inboth Bkeckinbidgx and Dodolas. parties should be merged in the pnaeoce the whole Union which will becontest they are invoking. The country is in a "opportunity" to strike scmsc soddsa.,and their Gentlemen, I am disgusted at the suggestion, andMar.JcBS Bill to the [Great / Presidency. applause.]justice. morecommon.Thedoctrineis,thatthemanwhoturaloracquired—intemperateintheirpassionsand limitstorhidourmakingai^ad.BiwttlnotgivethelietoallpoUticaltruthbycasting«—whom theofpolitics, my duty requireshighestfrom the Presidential canvassof their opponents, and eager for that reckless Mr. Lincoln's character and pcililKaTthat I andvote against all who are opposed to them. To that—and in State but two, I believe, in everythe and neeesaities of the positiontion ontheresultofthiselection. Let dependentme stale, therefore, a little more fully, the various considerations which it involves.of hot and to be contending passions,electors to be chosen by theby the House of Bepresentatives;and the otherdissolution if Lincoln should be electedherhusband,Fiiut,wUlehave aperfect rightthe could prevent such a result? At the pistolThech-cnmstaneesorthe case, aa:theto tbe first of the two methods which itspireIbr a—these methods.firmly''—and if he does it openly and which will illustrate this point. The Constitution—there is friends of Fusipnto be ameetingof theman's death. The prtsoner Is a I years of age, aad a carpenter I9 <sentative in a Congress, or a Convention, or an Elec- toral College, and then betray that trust withoutand political degradation. [Cheers.] And soeach other aU the itwill be nowi These electors will vote at the these are two modes of filling that office, between might in an emergency vote for Douglas,nothing[Cheers.] Retaining each hisdivided between the Americans and thehcut-.l, ther=e volunteerto as-for a short time in one room. But the in- the second for the sake of availing him- should, moreover, he would stdl lackEmanhilB.o^^fj^j}^'as they will vote at the poUs*which man take his cho'ice ? any mayHas one a ofthem could possibly vote for Bbeckinbidge IfI should ask them to cCHupare thechancer of| disturbance offered m either case,—inof Lincoln's election the onhomeless, friendless and forloni,-- no solid and substantial party, butthat,carryingNo such change in the em States. greatscvkmg some one willingto take them m. But criminal nature of the act in the one case, which pmrer o/two mbh, one from Illinoisbalance of powerfor Bell. [Applause.]authority, riie South aiidna ,ftat Bekchsbidqe ishd^s tbe Constitutional doc.rine, eiglUeen who sion ticket casts seven votes for BaEC«lSBlDO«, a to defeat an election of President by the People,be the grand result of this great Fusion'.poUtical taken the imperial sceptre from North and West,Igreatihcn—asthe South must surrender it '•:'^,. but a-i tiic i^-.i.-,the only candidate who— Every Douglas man, therefore, who voteswith the Constitution when they conspireand than Mr. Petoe would be in conspirmg to make a is to prevent the American people from'I'fZl^n ni:i Je no return of the case.helieve in Dopolab and Squatter Sovereignty, and biave code, theten who regard Beli. and Everett as the oiilycivenittothc influences will tiike^y us, and same resistless i^romNBW-TOKB AND PHItADIfc-who can save the Union. And ang is to be held in New-York on MondayandvacancyNow this it is„A STiiMsmp LtHB.—Itis a singularfsct,and«"•massi.tO ratify this bargain, and to rejoice that the vot,es .thiat.^t^i'c^keyt-, ca's^t"se"? Breckinridge mannationalization of Slavery reopening of the African Slave-trade,—two memberstheten votes lorelecting Lincoln, in order thatof Congress may have that privilegedmay be their mode of saving the Unio^butnot mine. Itmay suit the purposeaof an Admin- luctantly, as is natural,cal home Th,yin the ware, Florida, California, have but oneprobabilityvotes for Briokiic-shall be miplleace. the peot-le, in'^'^*twenty-five waged ceaseless and un-or the welfare of the American For my people.byin strict conf-rmay'''..'•'^V'^" "'.J- thteUmforprinciple itthe BellPartyoffke.Ja theog FresideBt i* chosen by tbe People andir Ex- suchaOBMBton*restiltsuponsuchahazard. eOur^iritrtT the Constitution.hasevernutmethe Fu-formity-'''assa^wa^«5^Sls,*arresult.;steadyionai Ccmmittees,—ui^BaiAnd whenwhich should lead them toabsolutely dischargeand "precipitate the cotton Statea !£»men make ansubordinate their individual opinions and lay themtotheGov. Hunt has more than once declared that itIn order to induce others to make to make them, I say it is a cr*'y of wolf, with no wolfto such a that the election of a Bepnblican pitchmeeting on Monday "to have a President elected by less than a majority of all the people. He seems to have forgotten that Mr. fused on an Electoral ticket. [Cheers.] There is weak!" How about Georgia? What does Mr. BucBANAR|iad 377,000 less than a majority—that onesolitarysentimentwhichtheyholdin BBXcxntsiMisaytothat? HowaboutVirginiaT Gen.Taylorhad less—thatMr.Polkwasor ofeitliei inple or candidates, among these men who havethat the Constitutionpro-near DAHixiiwas mmdend—and thatto choose between the two.would him to lie elected permitbybe electedthe United States, and by the several States, act-that the President shalling together. The people are to have their fullvoice in the election, through ;ipointthe population.Mississippi IMissourltroops could protect—an unbrokenifin aPresident—even thatshouldgrasping his wife by the arm, he stabbedheria tte The wound almost Inslantly proved fttel, tiieWiMwhichthis the degree and measure of the Sovereignty ofthePeopleoverthatgreattransaction. But this provision may, in certain contingencies, fail toprove equalits accomplish object.negligence,caping.elected by the people, the moment the contest Ises, and a woman named Hastdefeat an election and to save the country from anarchy that contin-conspiraciesorcoalitions, may:Republicanofproves conclusivelycompton Democrats and 4 Republicans,hostilitystand him and the people of all parties will stand to the Station-house, where hesionists propose to create that contmgency, in orderwaged upon Tennessee 6 members and 3 Democrats, andmatter from beginningliy, and held to give their Later in the aitemoon a ;im(iUie body waa mads bypeople,bythePeople,by atthetenementbouseNo.IW£astFo and;theyCANNOT.But let us now go a step further.the if menaces, House,.orblows,orthedaggerbyFor Breckinridgethat!qnoteHanayapplause]—demotedtoaeriticalanalysisof Doyonintendbyvotingforthattickettomake —obnervethepbrafc,"tobeatHr. because whichlieatthebasisofourinstitutions,willingto singleRepublicanStateintheUnionwhichwould properopportunitythe of Peopleno dinner bad lieen prqjared;DamectaticBttiaK from any synmathy vdth its prindElasegrlend Ihenselves to such ata UiMUl in Mt 8tata,*-ai)d a preaentation of the ionists and is worse than Likoolk. [Cheers.] are Ihete dangers, the men who cry out against them to take away from the people the choice the House "of Eepiesentatives. Those who throw YAXCETledthe movement toconsaitjAfJas this.? vote for Bell, underOe ^^^pMCoalition rfthe three parties oppose* pougig, and Bell men,—he represents 'the Disun Is that going to do Mr. Pili ? C" That's It-'T If tnare Will they aim delBierately and intentionally, contingency, if the (lection should l>e thrown into,-. -.What goodconspiracyany circumstances, or uiit there, must take the must cratic Party into a great Pio-Blavery fr~—^~,anywhich this Coalition, If successful, threat-Tettheyintendtovoteforhimtotheextentof oughttobeconsistentintheirproposalsforfu-lon; it of a Fiesident, and confer it upon tlieHouse of Pisresentatives voting by States? Is this the wCy to preserve the public peace? Is ttiis the way to elect a President who coul4responsibility. Theyrot ask the Republicans to save them from the consequences of their own wicked and naallgnantnotsomuchwith of aa hope sncceaa, i_dMC**ens to Mat^^yon the eoaBtry.seven votes. Well, then, do you intend to electMr. BnKcitKxiDtiE, Mr. Docqlas, and Hr. Bau. ought toAs tAia topic just now onpfwitfin a large sliaxe of public attention, weNotraitor to his party, the author of the agitationand •<*' plans purposes<i.__DouGLXS 1should lie carried into every Southern State!;gentle- thesestate of feverish excitement. Accordinf to theirown representations, sectional hatreds nave risenabout the Constitutional power of the£3ectorai College has no practical bearing u[>on their preferences. Every man in Congress who^thhalls of legislation; intimidationthat theelection of Presidentpatronagethan canvass.other [Applause.]present Its decision touches moretreaties andPowers,the peoplewas the dailyoadata&na, Union,'for filling an office, and then provision for the con-of its vacant. Would you say that Democrats ;—and although one or two of them—so, playfor he has threatened to the part of Bru- lacks but two votes. Suppose one ofelements. Themen will vote for BaicxiN- tus and assassinate Mr. in order to give Illinois Anti-Lecompton Democrats shouldprovision! very possiblyDela- memberunion, however slightmay that the election inXther blow, gentleman wlstillmay gq further,vacancy fairLin- Thus you seethe elec-it in Ihs and one from'v,n they will find themselves compelled, has nothing to do with the analogy, and the argu-probably !place the changemust beof wealth and tion Mr. Wiw.it i>1 fheir assent. Upon the electoral tickefof thi^ 1" spite ol their inclbiations, to be ostensibly ment is just as good in the one instance as in the President They cannot elect anybody State there are to be seven electors who bclirve lioiicst and votemovementtin the Presidential office.Bell and the rump of the Know- TBE FBZSIDEMT TO BECOME a'bEPBESENTATIVE OFsiirrender it give "'who votesforDoCGLAS,credit Is doe,STATES UigTCAD OP THE PEOPLE.Bo much for that point, which is one of theory. istration which has made Itself infamouslypeace'.lru.lait;i'o,no ol cons:gr;eatfor it isin and devolve that function upon the House. It piinciples of our Government, nor consult the willAnd Boll man who objection to this conspiracy, everynothing else,Congress, bringThe Press and the toI-->-..^r- l:i^^-^^:a,ife^; •Vi^-.^>..j:.i4fe,i^.^.^^-^rl^iHij^gatf^^J.Usntjhntitled Dtocu—and to make the Presi- stroy^this basis ntteriy,in and theCongress, gcnnP distributingi:!;Ijtors rather,who,aim(tion should—and ask us to standing foiesMist among tin rising statesmen of weight choosing President, New-York with wotld vote tor Bell, and thus elect liim. This tors is Wm. L.IfusioninNew-Tork" Thank heaven, it Is not a80,000, giXt-rGioovterlnsomro.fthCeoBn^sibdlelreiangPatrbetyd,iolnigtelnicepanrdtovfethhee-put Are we towhichsccomplished gentleman, a nan of honor, andsince,thuEfsetforthhisopinionsonthisquestionof inhabitaatstooffsetPennsylvaniawithItertwoto therepresentedTueploln uihiehatthemwe in thedsy-inaspeechmadeatBaltimoreafewdays 8,000,000: ItenaiblesDdawarewithher70,000 showsacharmingdegreeofconfidenceinthe:baleful light the npon,idea Bot deal with poUtica in that way ia Marylandmonths. In tbat pendent to remain ia theMarylandMr.j?.J.BatmobsmadeaspeechonFri- candUateswhodetesteachothermostcordially, danetmakttargmmsinlAourfoHhealtfftmtnttmdHe millionsI TherearetwenWStatesofthisUnion howabsolutelyhecountsupontheironselfishde-;kaasaa, with 180,000offiseU Ohio with tvr'o traitors to thewe dowcoutweighs Ifassachnsetts with a million, and Ar- mence with which he has denounced tbat as partyevients of tt» _ letter he ezhottad Hr-In House ofandas he differed fiomalthoughbodylas and tbe Bell — the parties, h<Adincd ''*Ur. Bepresentativestakention from each State deciding bow itsis to beweight with 27,Pennsylvania And the vote will standbeon learning that deceased _equallyin and effect of the remedy which company with Mr. ABim.K Wood ""'J^'-^-*^^Jf^But other. The Fusionists are no more acting in con- they 5an elect Aim.' [Applause.] This, then, is to made.is imperative and it^•.te^people,Constitution,it isddightfolto findihighest degree dangerousple,wouldinvolvethecountryincivilwarand thanwillbepresented,iftheHonseoflthe over Gen. Jackbon, he had but 84 Electoral votes, while Gen. Jackson had 99. But public sentiment avenged the wrong done to the people by thus disregardingaided the restilt was either banished from publicoffice, or rendered in tbe highest degree unpopular. Even Mr. Clat suffered for his sluie in it all the—threats of violence weremen. Bothwere characteraad pledged, byoneGentlemen,aof theby States,cast, and each State casting but one. Florida,dqiarture from theoi of the Sonthefla'a population of less than 60,400, preeiaeiy tbe sameEach ol these policies is in a as act^^nd zealoos of tfaearisn—tional animosity by so doing ?Representatives the chosen seat of calm reflec-ingenuity had been taaked ta ihilli^' a,.'Leg-'"i'ii"^i''^"argu- more than the public confidence and proved a signal failure, once blows were given, and through all thatcountryshall have inintestine strife. And yet, what was then at stake ? parties, pledged to maintain the aa^raaMf eC-to choose theirownrulersandmaketfarirownlaws.Gov.HuntbUUrintbe'uouseIsnowwellestabUslied,andpoUti- themoraleffectofaBepoblicanvictory.Bow extinguishedupontrust of the ol the abilityof fifteen or twentywill it be when the Presidency—^witb its vastnullifyof the coalition is to take away the tion of the will of the State. No man could be electedtutes a. moat iitvoiableitnow,choice of a of the nation. The lesson of theafter the of experiencemillionspublic money every year,itsap-issue involved in the ciple our relations with other itsHr. R. for an honr and a hmU, and waa '^pokegreeted with repeated cheers at the dose.theand will affect more profoundly for weal or woethe prosperity of the country, thananv the list." His vote in the Electoral Colleges, other ques- whether sufficient to elect him or not, will cer-i1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1at the camtal to watch the struggle, snd tosee fair play. Would there not be a hundred went to thefolly. whmwindp^ riaii|il|ilii—< iif fdm[Applause.]WBAI A OOSTIBT rOB FSUIDINT IN THK HOUBI!throw the election into cspetheatmosphereofpassion,theheatsofsec-cils of the assembled delegates? The questionHunt,Biobkokd, the Bnpihighestou both those occasions ?ie|— ;as well as tion, by|IMi- ta'i~'''^stood on the verge of anarchy and—and enormous power its control ofiiiijidi wUdt^'M have never had before and may never faaTCaMlkevery —1pointment."\Is the House of^. '£-'«'- "' -In^Gov.sounds like mockery. There are wise and of the Assay Office, and Jambs BvOKaj^ai'!j'Youallknaw, j[~-'^-r— "Tt'f'TlLTirlifa fn j tbe Eornhemlutes a OUtt^-dVBtiWSmBK^r^'^'|on to elect a ofisButtherearealsomenthere andscores apprehended ofLdiooui%jand the broad foundations of thein section of the country, its absolute veto Bqnditencommand of the and armyof theA 'Wire Mnrdered hy Her lEtaBtant. office shall be thrown into the same arena BE ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE, BUT "te PtTBSnB A»CAPTUBBDBTAWOMAN.great.>»policeoftbeEighteenthWard,areasfoDiJiws: 19»- ly evident that Lincoln led the van, that his ceased and her m of itkair te>veryvotes headed would standhim, at everyextremity, and that if any man should be elected it must be Lincoln. Would not the ul- traists of the South seek occasions of collision ?meansseek toWould they not by every interruptthat the House would be invaded by a lawlesspeople electingleft breast before anything could be done to prevent bins.to theIt must be remembered, moreover, that duringemergencyall this time the contest would be. undecided, andBreckinridge andonly four are from a sincere apprehension that civU disorder may BtetKrhsMe 9*vmem tmmmmmTsiippcse he should vote for LINCOLN.if the Fusionists succeed intion to the House, they vill simply putThe whole aun and of this great coahtion objectand bye theTliepul;i-iTin: LlTEBPOOL,memo-its to control corrupt use of public moneystitutionandthe tionalgoodrequire. [Applause]man)—B. BABKthe basis on which itrest. I concede theNovember, if it results, as I believe it will, Republican victory, may occasion local excitementofgrowth population,SwnSue& aiTheofthe other elements of'ittotheWestalone. Wemust?by the result of go the Constitution. But while the contest detained pendingperfect-. 5 <;'i5yearaji regularol his secretThere and at Baltimore he led ttiemcnt, and thus clove in twain tfatt which, in its national form, presented mountable obstacle to the aiends. ThusfareverythinghasmoriuiMM'.f^^ .-i;; ^S>Premdent theUnitedBpi^M<t^ .:rbepie of the South themsetves.aoiiand-^^ac**--m the event—bnt ofpeople ; thia part ofperative reasons,and ttiateverything wel^their to dissolve theBetween 1 and 2 o'clock,woman named Hxbtsb Fislit, residing somewbars hatm, has in»v\nrkeiJ acainst hsptsJeaaasi his popular line,'' except one, have t**"-w hhUtliat all the Summer, andtne(, .rICapeRaceduringthepastwas alene caoeed by the prevalencev-xa^'i .^^^ "*»*•;vAsra the' anndaifeia- agateaboat HHajjlWiiaiu-tB«Ia/BlltahSwa^1i^ea^aa^avSii. "1^^^^^^ 