 10TS8 QTIE GBE4TPCIIHCAI ^ys.-*3k,AkaOtHtr 8pc«*]. from SenatormSTtonthsarmyaxdnavytodefend -.gaganetforc'gn « * * * * ThOr* H H I I wation on ttekMJ^wiia ear os* of these free;-,,.«^ if tneyemancipated negroes in(he free Btefet vwy <*y aa£fc- iw'i t'« Tie Amy aad Navj of tie United trodece teal toar snio tb» itose State, aad ,r>;n .,- :Vir, >/publican eaawHdatsg for Governor, comes o_ff a. .t .twhe capi, tot This incident excites considerable interest. There are besides a number of other arrangements tor this week, which W.U keep the State in one continual cocdi- tioa of political fermentation. Thus you see tte canvas* is being conducted with a great deal of energt and indus-i ^ithtsx o'ctook tote evening a strong delegation of Djstjtsa desoocreta left theoity for aa excureloa toSaoo, where* crasd rally of tea democracy wee te eewieo, bearing ad-•^^smv^talv * ' * ' P * ^ * TM TM " i*»»emwaBa*»B>3w»mftUvIMfcImpcn&Li and Vital Issue, to be Met by Dci^Ufc, Beil and Brtckin-ridge en the 8ta»p.JHttriete Coming Out in Favor tf Lam *n& Order—Be* ptraieEfortt oftheBepuMicant—AQunp Meeting,etc The campaign la ibis State, new fast approaching; iUto take place to Hgw York, and until the empire state speaks to the matter it appears to me that it wm remain mstainquoantea*7um- Douglas'aspirationstothePre* sideatial chair a-c not unfavorably received by the pea]aThe "Giant dabs" turned out according to pramtos this ever:eg, batthedisplay wasnot*verygiganticaffair after ail. ' Considering, however, that tea f isgsi ware tbe stpporterg of Dsofata, it so not surprising that they should be rather 'small." Tbey mads a good deal ofwhich legalises tbe sate c« Amertosa wameeand protects the tofaasag practice to hailthe Union. the;'yeawhoprafew-totcketbeChrwt-,sa toe rule et your faith and practice, sad a o . , . . before tbe world identlied with partem wheh .T^U tomn the nivmeeemmamd, -The* shah not <*,.;irailroad polat-a little fllage called St.thepartywasmetbyadeputationfromdonotgivethefieldtotheslaveholdersandtheslaves before free men are at liberty aad prepared to enter it.among the farmers, artisans, mechanics and laborers of for very shame, would long ago have reluctantly given of pyrotechnic devices. On the large common in front ofCanisgeswere in attendance to convey the par-tythere. Thereed Mof the corduroy type, aad progress Tea, thea, came to the great question of Ibe lrrepremi-mrenitef toirtya?"*"""^!-* they have brought m^ra-Jteaaad•faadayof it,and wards by Jacob M Howard, the able Attorney General of fied by some mysterious?power for which they cannot ac- daughters io te see • IheState. count No barm can come of so harmless a belief if thewould certainly have been loudly cheered. Mr. Smart friend to Mr. Bell a abort time before bis «.*vmsa wary hanisnsrr They Cll look a t if they were i evening:toowsSseqoaiated with fever aadagee; fromtheir j Gov.Sewardaadpartyleaveearlyto-morrowmorningcandidates. Bat it Isaswallto know that the powerful op- quire* hut a very little exertion on tbe part of national reply to toe position ef hi* opponent, bat he piled on thesppferaace eaeweald uotbeindated tochoosethisIforJetseen,enrouteforKahnwaroo,underanescortof sa> of farmers' wagons. Wide A Wake coaapaeiea, aaral mer phtce.the republic at this day. The ag.utwn of the tic vol* of 2,600 The next year, when the republicans abstraction of abolitionism has lost all its votedalone, theyonlyimi a majority or2,310to theof the m en for whom they : ware called upon to rote, otherwise, the •liscnsaton was perfectly useless, if not absurd. The day was very warm, and theaansaoaeof tbe Commanieners of Pubtte Charities.DEATH OF CAPTAIN OKM.SS**, OF rBOVin* - . * , * I.by young girls dressed In white, and wav . iwhichtherailgpitttinfctperatioaisbeing Oce team of this kind was drawnMR,DOUGLAS'CAMPAIGN.The Providence Journil of Thursday a r t >tJ.oesua charmsforthesolidmenoftheStateswhosamedistrict.Ayearlater,1866,thepopulartidesetforthwithpiercingrays.Howsomanypeople—nam deathtothatcity,onWednesdaymora:ng.--Jos*BaV nave ntat duties to perform an the theatre of hu- la against them so strongly that their majority wag re- herlng several thoiiaaa.:s—could consent to stand tor aen Gnashes, Esq., President of the Union I its, of ttatby tap yoke af aaea. It game from .Dewitt . Dor*,feelightcteoftheJjtohsjWwjMatVaft*«^«'HisKeteptidltandSpeechatIlartisburg.wagonbysquattersoTerelgntyhatthewheelwagsopjman lift. As a novelty it attracted considerable atten- duced to tbe miserable figure of 93. Now.if there be nearly three bears to beer a rehash of republicanaad tion,butthenoveltybaanowpangedaway,and,likethe anyrealrevulsionoffeelingamongto*peopleinfavorof democratic principles,which thenewspapersbaresocity, snd of tbe Manufacturers' Insaranae . .r.paty. a tne81styearofhisage. Hewasforthirty•\yearstte agentofthe-Etnatosuranc*Companyof1•..ford.St wasinearlylifeengagedtothemercaat..^rr••>k*firstvoyagewasmadetotheLastIndiesintneemploya Messrs Brown & Ives, of Providence. Be •••• :*•tee is follow tne sea for about a quarter of acer- -y dunag which be was one of tbe meet dtetinguiebea r .psoasUr* of the par* from wfakb he sailed.TOATEUXUvns, Feq, oneoftheCity• in)olva**u OB*.djrauted There i sfrfo* B Ol b , ft*ght n i * . ining,t> —4 repubxican ante etoe* last year of 2,937.far stands republicans, 1~5, demooraU, 11—a republican\ o m i » » H o n Cm;_ WAinaiows, Sept. T,I860.jmtfhyttab,,*35ownT**' ***sl•of isr*a*t*|-t sad eur ommtry tha* ammed*,* iT"'sy 3 ^ m * m m ^ m m m ! m £ £ * ' likesad .^SDpiaoss.)v y , for what* Aa order met iU-HJ meg mot into thefree, m+i uuv rr<*d ~ IHIXRISBCRG,Sept.7,1860.piied by a Jog. The whole thing is very funny and very ' Mr. Douglas arrived on the noon train. He was met at seektog to walk I* tbe good old paths of their venerablethe First and Sixth districts. In tbe former the republican feient State committee* Tbe merits aad tae pros-majority of 3.031 in 1864 was reduce.! to 1.439 in 1866, Sects of the candidates bare not been any way affectedaad to 466 in 1868; aad in the latter from a republican y the oratorical display. The partisans of either can-aad whig majority of 1.6M in 1864, the figure fail to 936 didate cane to the ground perfectly prepared to see inI860,aadto493In1868. IntheSecond,Fourthand theirmanwin,andwhetherbe-wonorpotitdidnotal-ridlculeea It was estimated that there were 10,000 pre I; York by the Chambersburg Rlfls, acting as aa escort. sires, so that tbe toad ought have rest, not like Israel, for sent, half ol them being of the fair sex. for forty years, but for all time. Heaoe the doubting There was a large crowd at the depot. The reception was crowds in tbe rural districts; hence the rising strength of Therewereseveralstandsfromwhi*speecheswere quietandimpressive Hewasreceivedbyacommittee theopposition;hencetbealarmandtrepidationoftbe scadsbylocalpoliticians,butthechiefinterestwastenIaudescortedtohisquarters—Bashaw'sHotel. Anad- fanaticalcrew. Maineisgoingtospeakwithavoiceliketertbecase,foritwasaforegoneconclusionthathemust bee,diedoatbenightofthe2iinet.frm •leneire-dress of welcome was delivered by Gen. Roumfort, to lagofprejudiceagainstanymanforanydilerenceof re' •whichtheJudgebriefly replied. Tsemilitary piradedfriends of order and the lovers of Union to expect that theenemywillbetotally routed on this occasion; and completely driven from the field. Tbe indifference of themany long years, have given tbe enemies of the constitu- heavy losses on their ranks. These are tbe facte oe which Mr. Smart's demo;ratic friend* regard Washburn as a per. fertly used up man. They think that he is now politicallyligwuc or political opinlona. He had not a word to m y 1agaiast the conduct of any politician. He wanted to speak I o'clock- The crowd was very large. Canaoos were fired uoly of principles. The great work of humanity OQ this J and rockets and other fireworks displayed.asatiseat was the organisation of a nation. Within the 'last two years they had incorporated two new States, and ' President. Mr. P-mglaa was introduced by Gov. Packer within the next ten years they would incorporate four j in a neat and appropriate speech. Mr. Douglas com-a. It was practically of no importance to any imenced his speech by a glowing eulogy of Pennsylvaniation time and opportunity, not only to strengthen their tbe conservative part of tbe commojuity found their dead, aad that Snaart has driven the last nail into his oof ed to repair to West P*iat. N. T7, and repn: -r dcty toof all those who heard him whether slavery_ voted up or voted down; but to their posteri- ! interest in the L'nion. Her Interests required the foster-ty It was of much consequence, as the attainmsat . ing ban'J of government. She had not received that sup- af independence was. They were all ambitions, I poit from the national government she was entitled to. however, that the nation which they would She had the whole I niou for a mvket. Her mineraltirg fight. They have taken their stand upon tbe broad tbe political atmosphere would warrant us ia believing now sorely exercised as to tbe pmspects of tbe eiecliou, at Chariestoa, S. C.. as assistant to Cnpta a ) •. Fotter,basis of tbe Union, the constitution and the enforcemeat that tbeee republican majorities can be ia some instances will doubtless snake a good deal out of this. same department. Lieutenant 8. H. Loite. . Corns of of all the laws. While they renounce every idea of ex Itill farther reduced and in others obliterated altogether. The prospects of tbe candidates for Congress and for Rngieeere, Is assigned to doty as ssvtetoet t< •apta.s w. teraal interference with their State affairs, tbey are Trthere were nothing beyond mere local influences to af- the Governorship of tbe State at the election on Monday H. C. Whitney, same department, at Savant; •. 6a honest enough to give the same right fee very other fect the election, there would still be hope that the enemy next are the great theme of conversation here. Tne A general court martial ia ordered by it* ' T Iiepart- State. They are the mortal foes of sectionalism, whether would suffer to the conflict The peculations of Elder Douglas democrats express their positive conviction that mem, to assemble at St. Lonia, Mo., on u s 10u mst., for of Northern or Southern birth, and they da not wish to Peck have so alarmed the people that they have begun j tbey will elect their Governor and secure the State for tbe trial of such military delinquents ss mar >e Drought bear aloft any other banner than that which can alone to open their eyes to the danger of electing aay more re Douglas in November next. If tbe republicans are de- before It. Colonel W. W. Loring, MouaiedWri*,wJI pre-as an empire within herself. She, as a State, bad a great!• '5E5 ML,;W!i§ip.!"! IMW^'p^miJBP;*iJ«i*^*teia^{'M*1»)A'f,A^rBBfBER;•^''M-MPMI'"SHEET.•..- _ , .. yrr-'*»« Vennowt State Electlant.-• BoxorsGicw, Sep*. 1, iMs> Return* from 143 tow as give Fairbanks 14,746-ej—-—I *J-" ' --•-'»-•-to bepresent,amongwhom approachofeteet.ondayart>rand danoftoe republican Buaager* artflowingaltoysMftsjgtttfcatcyMamarbusotto are mentioned. * Pttoal stream, s t f i l to thought that by tomwrow ev«uam being made to carry oat this toe, when tb» grand republican oataoattratkm to to asms in a manner that will "fright tbe soua cf 0 $ the city hate, will be tbxtcjghiy choked by tbe Amt- tearful adveaariea," end Tuesday e;enitigie being loo*- • iag crowd. K-age and banners are brag hoBf ant fromFa* beaks' BBBjerity will undoubtedly reach 22,000.T h eed for with much interest by politicians of every shade. I •very pole to the city, acres* tfce'**eeU, and* to tvery , as danger, and yet we are keeptig an Se&atsisun*aimoiit!yrepublican,whiletheHousethug OaWednesdaythegreatdiscussionbetweentbeHra owvetioa—arimewtortofthecamevtfBelland£vereu,i aweremteaijfWrtjn en*-ay, Ae «>•*:*«•* fVen'tei- <«r»»*«*States to be Abolish * i s angsinii from England, France and Spain. Tbatistoe tse republicans of she Twenty third districtof this try on both sides, sad if the Union oooatituticnal party •ax,d at a late hour. The people of &a*A» were traaaaortei^Coma 2 y e a waa have hitherto stood ai.«f ^ma B4J»aoi:sITTITCBSTOT i e SU%ery Qof>tiwB to be Settled by acfourarmyandnavy. Save1not,thee,*that i would rawer have no armya*Jt,eoaavy? That I would rather not wring fnm tbefreemenofTheDouglasandBeD-Everett maaareat*Utuggingat ifthelatteroouldaoanygood bytheclatteringoftheir holyenterprise,basanseitsleaderspyaseatM ,-Z\ fopremise to take tbe stump tbey will be . ertsia to draw a wiihoettbereay beoomieg eaenmsttees aod*^ largecrowd,andtbepeoplewillhaveaCbaaoeofhearing tea crimeof enefevto* m!lnbns of yonrc the whole history of this creed from tbe mouth* of aama ose*. sa* help ee wipe out tbe deep icfaaiv »t-totheirmoneytosustainthearmyaadnavy,Tory influences w r a p t paolic virtue? Oer-eachotberaears. Bothpartiessaythattbcyareaax-ioea thai Lincoln should he defeated; and yet, instead otcoming to some reasonable understanding by which that play to morrow night w ill ocagvip everything ef tbe ktod ' Come ? you who mtswtsr at the alien of e-r desideratum can be attained, each is looting to the otter ever yet attempted in Maine, both to point of numbers sad aid o* to srrntteg a pehtteil phitfejm on a* for greater canoesslona than either is whang to give, and eatLsaiasaa. If they get all the speakers they can stand, aad acttorthe nrssaallsa wfyoar c«atainry; that is my duty aa a patriot What, 4hee are m§? limits?amply these: The constitution of the la-.tad 2*m yon and me a sovereign over tse Territories of me fcr their good and for tae we! ;are of the Theyarevacant,unoceaoiel,unimproved, if tbey are left exposed to the cupWity of Ue slaveand the slave merchant before toe* men can m e t thereianemberstocovertheleadwiththecsiviltxattonof taw white maa, the slaveholders would enter the Territo-and bence tbey can oome to no deesite settlement, whitetimeis snsnrtingoneagles'vagi,aadtbeperiod for the determinat.on ot tha atomaoteas qoeesion draws naar.TbeyarelookingforwardwitheonslderaelesaxSUssVW BlWr^PnAn*lee>eujpea» ssa^saseWB****** v»••VgJIBnaVse>awag)THE C0HrE8T IN MAIKE.Oeur P o r t l a m dPoaTLasD, Me, Sept. 3,1800.Mreparatiow for a Determined Xmgghf—Activity of the Oaamaaj m Jtstac—Shnpntoe £^pechwtone of Swx-ets—triumphsitwill notbefortbewantofastronglyorgan- withueiight,andvigoreogly(toweredfortheUnionefthe \ toad opposition, and the victory will cocaeqaenuy he a States and the constitutiog. Tbe menand women are more important one uiii ted to a common desire to defeat the republicans, and' * * • "on^rstm (E. R. Smart and laraet Waahbume, tlhwe democratic and r a - ^ and others Ttooate* sxd Johnson, sad Ltocolaaad Hamlto.TheDittamniitaAlarmed Important*eftheEUUion—The Union Sentiment Gathering Strength—the Marat . iety to the grand Union demonstration which is expected thai: sea hew all this grand floarishiag of trumpets tar-•crisis, is the most active aad determined that hag waahth with the horribly stale doctrine of squatter sove-always to demoralise its whole people, a&4, grand aad unanimous rising of the people in the assertion most oi this nauseating theme; but it seems that the lees tbey a n ahaet i t s h e better will be tbe chance* of theiraad marched op to tbe Town Hall, where tbey badagood time generalry,m' vma^MbjraBaxattto* parties from your Ged-giwottctoate to toe maasgement ef a«5ttcaj *? - H grea«^a*tdthegtobfyoor naeejigfT1pri*B^»Isalt weriamat of laying the fcanoiJZVi j fi^Twhiic.h not sex nor cotor. bs»awf*>:orxt^*JMtmjm^jrvn lypieieJUlU-I.yvn whose hearts are y •'.»»/»-..ihnputeeeof uncorrected youb. AdtelH andardentseal, mttuar5**strange to my, it turns them all into spologitts and ex- of principle has never been known. Kvary day end every candidate.SPEECHOfMR.DOUGLASATHAIUUS8UR6. aad defenders of slavery—a principle whi-^h, I am night there are meetinga, processions and harangues. The weather in Portland M delightful. Freeh and be ao.totereatiag affair.unto thee."Cornel you who. oo scoowat of your gex1• toconfess,baabeentheraleafaotionamongthe Themeetxfinentialmanofthedemocraticandofthe healtoybreezessweepoverthecity,anJthemedicalrepublican parties, as well as a goodly sprmxling of others fraternit) are having a rather dull time. Several new buildicgs are being put op, and the nsav City Ball, wh»oha* "931* Our A w g.people for forty years. It is that we do go levaANOTHERABOUHOV MtWESTt* peace,thatwedogoloveharmony, thatwe doso love whoareattachedtoneparty to particular, butarcda- isnownearcompJetioB, is well worthyof thespiritofArer%fi, Maine, Sept. 0,1860.1% Hyubttcan Demonstration in Portland—The Ditau- sim. Betweenthe TwoOandidfUttfer Govmm »Wh»Msec-Petri/.%**rss>>j->j<^ik*km0iil**mmr»*******>*•fraUrnity with oar fellow citizehs, the', when they will catftfftopanerrorwebecomesilent,iaordertok<wppeace.voted to the onward and prosperous march of tbe coun- try, are taking the field to right earnest,ro do vigorous battle for the crises to which they arosalistod. Thethe citizens.Tbe expected visit of tbe Prince of Wales is often{Applause.) If General Cass had been able, at tne limeTHE CONTEST «M MAINE, be laded in supporting the great policy of Michigan, to men of the DoafJsg clan are as active as beavers. Their Prince will receive a right royal welcome. The Port- etCfdje, . . . u tolaflhrt tothat we may have toebepptoeas of beqtm* rgtotMhare; but itmust he confessed that tbey are tiredtotbem with slaveholders sad slaves. Theinfusion of slavery tato a State ha* OMI sees here for a fong time. Since the fear 1810 such • reignty. Douglas' supporters are trying to make the njias to the street*, with brazen mstromsctg and dram*, bis master tae servant which Ie escaped from ,^~,gpokenof,bat electioneering aCkirsquiteovershadowit for the present. There is no doubt, however, that.tbettunonMondayXext—Chant*s ef the.\aXcnal leaders are putting forth surprising energies, add if suc- landers have not yet quite forgotten tbe diaappcintment, Ts*re|*foliOBJidJgjBtayw*tcbto^torn introduced e a a thomnad slaves Into t h e circuitaround me, Michigan would have been a slave State forfortyyearstocome. Thatiawhathasdonethemischief tionnevertoyield,theanotonlyareall theDouglasde- usedtopokeet them—but theyarequi* satisiiedtbat respectworthyofabetter cause. Attwoo'clocktothe Toall whodesire to seeslavery gpeaduyaudMR.SEWARD'SWESTERNCAMPAIfiN. inTexas. Texaswaaopentoyonandme. WeleftTexas officialprogramme. to be taken by slavehoideri and slaves, and :cr the sake himself might begin to make arrangements for-atbenewCityHall,atwhichexcitingalliaamswere happy—youngaadoto.—•-»*••••••ef peace we agreed to let them hate five slave States the transfer of hat crockery to tbe White House.P0RTIJ1.VD, Me., 9spt 6,18«0.jour efforts with ours to .this Divtoe txtemiu to 'expense aad trouble to which tney ware subjected to to* Portland, on the evening of Tuesday last, was m every cess depended on peiseversnce and a dogged determina- easa of tbe Greal Batter*—nor tbe fun which tbe HEIULDmocratic candates returned, hot the "Little Giant" tbe Prince will come, as the arrangement is a part of bis afternoca a crowded aad enthusiastic meeting wss held fully sbolished, and our nelovel country free, -...•mt-York, and Hon. Joha L .Swift, of Boston. Thai mail tegtaaia, white we thooght to save one free State in Kansas. Bet all la act gold that glitters, and those who lUpubliian Journals Soiling with Rage at the Deurtiem lasted until late in the afternoon, and soon sAer its dis- tbe slave power, and ptoee Justice on the icr.«*. taiOrcat F a i e r Amoagj tkte ntcbisjan^•biKaai-Spcccbof ThereIsnovirtueamongue—noreliance,orgood,ormo-vetaawthemostooafidentofatriumphantissuetotheirfromtheirSank*—TheContestinikeFirstiTktidandpersiondelegationsbegantoarrivefromallpar**efthehasgiven ustoepower; we oaly teak the +***,-toe wilL The bloody institution held* ita <••**»] rality, or troth or justice that is equal to our patriotism, hopes might find in lees than tea days hence that there Sixth Gongreisimal Districts—Confidence ef (he SepuKi- State. At eight o'clock «torchlight procession began in today only from tbe divisions to the rau..» vt mmourwillingnesstosurrendereverything else,underthe, threat thai If w e de not give up right, truth,can*—AttitudeeftheQmieroatiou—The Defalcationof Congressstreet,tofrontoftheUnitedstatesHotel,then Elder Peck—Local Oenme at Work in the Contest—Jm- np to State street and through all tbe other principaltow*.WeaimatUnion. OurpurposeIstopr»-t,"tt*I,,publicaplatform oa which all tl . the genuio* ••mmk *freedom can stead, side by side, without ti.« —-rlfctf principle or of boner, seen contending w.to i.» was.ismanyaslipbetweenthecupandthelip.The republlcana are beginning to quiver in their bootsthe show, so that the streets were crammed to every part.LeachaadKellogg,membersofCongressfromthisState; appreciatetheinterestofhisState,unlessneowesbig enoughtofightandwinmanyabattlebeforetbeelection toglikeapackto*servile idiot*. Thereactionthatis TheWideAwake*masteredstrong.Tbeyworeglazedblack crumble,andItsdestructionshallheas**•-•-a4aaLureuH^JUch.,SepCS,lMa. There is a great dem:&stratioa here la honor ofJitr9eward, whose course thus far, or pilgrimage, as j ustice, liberty and everything else, this great ternmenteEnthusiasm Amongst theMasses,etc , etcstreets ef the city. It was fedesd a very brilliantaflair, and reminded one of a small matter o f New Yorkat tbe appearances ot things. Tbe prosyact is not alto- GeneralNyecallsit,hasbeenonetrlnmpbantprosesmon. pie af liberty will he get on fire and consumed. gethersopleasingas thescenesInIndiaofwhichBishop All the enthusiasm a displayed for bimseii* petaoaally, I have co hope of the people of the United States unless Heber sings. They have yet many ihances in their favor;Gladtiding*forthecan**ofnationalunity continuet> flow in from tbe interior of tbe State, and the intelligence acnefcrtherepublicanticket. Mr.Sewardsadparty ssitgrowsaadisinspiredbysympathieswithsuchpeo- buthowlongthesewillcontinueisaseriousconsidera- fromtheEastisassatisfactorys*canbeexpected, the were aeecmpanJel from Detroit here by Messrs. Howard, pleasyouare. A man cannot be a free man, ant cannot tion, and tbey know thai right well. There is time republican journals are getting grossly abusive sad revfiremen, there were about three thousand torches, of his cantos, and thoa to gather np that vani ...rut jcoloredlanternsandUamrpareecieetotbepreoegstoe, tcMtercdaaddormantsateetevanrfesitog»ctoamgad the Whole city, male aad female, turned out to seeHa.JaeobM.Howard,Attorney General;Mr.Bams,of owelead. WhatIsthatman8tforasacitizenofafree comesoff. Therepublicans inthisStatemaylose half takingplaceistoomuchforthem. There*aregularpo-icapssadcloak*,andpresentedaparticularlysombreap the Dttroit Tribum; Mr. Bacmer, State Printer, aad country who la willing that another man shall own him. their chances before the day of tournament arrives. iitical revival in progress to the rural districts, sad tbe pearance sa they glided along beneath the gllaasasrtog others. SenatorWadeandex-Governor Patterson were Yoomaysaythereisnomansobaseasthat. Iamsorry Alreadytheruraldistrictsarebeginning towaver. The republicansaregoingoverbolilytotheranksof censer- Hashesoftheir flambeaux. TheLtocoiaguard werered not *f the party, but will probably joia it in some days. to my that there are agreatmanj; but I have «och con- faithful aad constant voice of the conservative pram, vattsm at Ellsworth, Saco, Biddeford and other ptoses glased cloaks, sad looked pretty terectoo* e t thai. A Mr.Orrleftforhome,totheregretofthewholeparty, fidingtrustinhumannaturethatifyoubringthematter hackedbythepowerfulappealsofpatrioticorators—who Allthisspeakswellforthepatrioticspiritof:hepeople greatnnmherofbeadswereengaged,andadd* OBTuesday. At Owosso, where the traia stopped for fairly home to any right minded man be wcild much are now speeding with toe haste of steam from town to of Maine; bat there is maeh work yet to be done before derebfem the eflb« of the scene. Several of thepic*eastiltriumphha*hithertobeenhaughtyaad•». swtible.Frteadg of the npprssesd. let ear fendeet ij-,pt« to thea realised to vour hearty response to th.- • .<emmm a aew sad untried field of conflict with the ti»<*p*ew.tobehalfoftoeConvention,JOHN FBBPCerr Preside* &Fcax*a, C.B.Obitatstrp.DEATH OB ISAAC BnXL, 8Mb:OK.senior, sa old aad retired me--"beatfftksj city,died< Wednesdayevenmg,atSar*:u*Sfrsm,Mew York, to h is ninety fourth year.That maeh respected genHsmss waaa astir* of fem- ford,Connecticut,andenmsMgrnsdhatcart* , ttemw, havtogmadeduringtheearlyperiodofour<»•ibnsm- meroewithChinaseveralicyage*tothatcot:r»aalaa- sequeatlytoEurope. Howtoapersonofre*a mostinteresting memory, reachinghacku.u*of this nation. General Charles Lee was^-t, .lytate bis way to Cambridge, to the year ?» Us aalsm Washington, and waa oa familiar terms wi:i i etef tte leading federaheto. among thea* was Bur. ;<*, rut whom he watted daily to the aaaratog oa thewhose character was an especial object of b - •'•wj.enl ratten. Inasterlifebe becameth*ownerofmany having establiabed. to company with other macfabigjuniors,thelinetoHavre. Ofaa i.-.ivenad, mott urbane temper, sad easv. simple, a *• bmsmt-tare,hewasregardedand tofeomhegreawsinterestingltok'betweenthe,«stauttepresent. Opulent sad siagdarly htoatod by .••revreemj ahis•.«-,. rtic circle, and Tree from those p * J ons sansdisturb the current of" IB*,he passed a-'oe- -t isswtoloveliness, gad sank tote lie grave in a .-*item,shappy instance of tboee value each prereci now. en- joyingalt.itgivesand soustogIta*toleas*-atoat will be cheriabed amour the moat »;«v,-.. ttown—ie beginning to make aa impression little antici- we can be positively assured of a concluding victory. of republican residents ware artgbtly illuminated, aad pated by the republicans. They were looking forward to Certainly the chances of the republicans, which before the residence of the Hon. Mr. Brawn, fronting eh Stateamaer, a large crowd of eitiasea had sssssassai to wel- rather say mat you might make a slave o* him ratherecme Mr. Seward, s a d addtemes were made b y h i m , than fix your manacles on any man wilhin his protectionNye and Howard. and under his care. (That's the talk.) It is, therefore, an easy triumph, in consequence of tbe long continued locked very bright and bopefu1, are now "growing small street, one of the noblest private structures in the State,the Bute capital, is some twenty-two miles a matter of the highest consequence whether slavery ia apathy and carelessseas of the slumbering maesea. But by degrees aad beautifully lee*." They themselves, hut wa* enveloped to a perfect sea ef are, ceased by rockets,voted up or voted down. Be sore, therefore, that you the saddea resurrection af a mighty national spirit Bengal flames, transpareeciea, blue lights, aadsil Kind-.Maine has caused them to start with astonishment at thepower o f united patriotism, when once aroused b y t n e bleconflict between freedom andslavery. Thosewho voice ofjustice aadof doty, the disunionists are,in-thehouse rocketswagedischargedtoshowers.The whole procession marched np State street in front of t h eAta villagecalled Dewitt, teamilesCram thinkthatanationeaabewiseandprosperousandhappy t,acavaicaiiefsesaeeightyyowagmen,inthe thatretainsslaveswillhaveanotheropaortunitfatthedeed,visiblystormed. They seethat thegreatballof popularsentimenthasbegantoroll,andtheytrembleto thinkoftheproportionsitmightattaininitsrapidevo- lutions.bewarmlycontested. , .„'.»' Tbegranddemonstrationoftherepublicansforto-mer rawnight isaemgorganizedwithcontinuedindustry.HannibalHamlinwasstandinghatbemidstofagroapof friendaatthestatemrtraaee. 7biawaathesignalfor rnagfiattarrouadofapplause,sadrtaawa.farLtocotoaadWideAwakeoaJtorm,mettheGovernor'spartyaadaaastesdtaamtoIissang Theywereaccompanied byaewai • a hwaweaa, aad as the proosssion saoved atewf ttwaa irresawJely suggestive of a grand travelling aaona- the eyes of the whoto world are eat, will gerie, Seward being the elephant that all were coming toelectionftosecurethemachineryby it can be done. On the other hanl, all of us who to this great civic contest, on whichThiseveninganewbannerera*presented to oneefthe Hamlin. Thegreatestenthusiasmprevailed. EveryoneupallhopeintheFirs*,ThirdandSixthdistricts.TheDoogtes rsnHitttwmalntsto that they will be victorioushere without a shadow of doubt. Tbe other districts will residence, and it W** soon aseertetoed that the Hon.Wide Awakeehtoe by a young lady of Portland. There wanted to set a chance to look at Mr. Hamltoand to snake The intelligence from the interior of theBute that many waa a good deal of external ahow on the occastea, aad a bands with him. Tae proceedings were coetinoed untilnumber of speeches were made. The republicans say pest midnight, whea a special train, on which 1embarked,republicans are staggering under their iaeomprebensible fttlth, and are lustily crying out for some interpreter ofthat all tb e vaunting of tbe democracy will come to started tor Augusta, the capital.gas, aad Nye being engaged to do the comic business. not sufferdif?ren<%t among cumin* or any ei/ter catae to mysteries which only designing politicians can resolve, naught, for there are no actual facts on which to baa* Tbe damocratic and republican masses made a strongthen find that a!l we have to do is to take cattthat we do Lansings toagspeech,wastredoffat dnkUta,oMonetiaaUadminutratimieiUie'.iUthUqtuis-has shaken the confidence of some of the ablest leaders of that sectional party. Accustomed as they have been for a long time to regard the democratic party sa a dead ortheirsuppositionthattherepublican majoritywillbere- duced. They further allege that tbey will have fram tenrallyhere,attractedbytbejointdiscussionbetweenthe Haa, Misers Washburn and Smart, the rival gubernato- rial candidates Tbe discussion took place on the SUteby the Mayor of the city, for Lansing, withitsthreethousandinhabitants.Hiacity andhasaMayor. willbe those very States that will confide in us the awawdsad Nye had to reply to thU battery, aad thentheravaJcadewasparadedthroughtheprincipal-jtreet^atejEaawy amAfornoer. Those who aow fear us the mostlongest,andwillthankusfor havingat last openedup ganiiatiou—agalvanized corpse they didnotfearany guinethat,ifthisbethecase,theywillcarry everyone republican principles, reiterating all tbe old ar- tothemthewaywhichleadsthembackintotheAmeri- successfuloppositionatitshands;sadInthistheywere oftheCongressionaldistricts. Howthisdefiantlanguage gnmeatsafsherepublicanswithconsderabieeffect. c a family, restores to thus the fraternal aitocMoa of right enough, because the opposition which is now rolling can be made to accord with the manifestations or tbe He defended hut party against the charges whichThe great feature of th a campaigo is the Wide Awakes. 1viUage has its ooapanies. The members iyoeths, andtheyjointheorganizationmorefor^he novelty sad excitement of the thing than fromanypJ^Ocal consideration. Lansing hatneverm itsbrieftt3tMt^ of twelve years seen such a crowd of strangers speech. The meeting was next addressed in a most of the democratic party try to persuade themselves that be a very difficult matter to obtain a partial if not a com-have so frequently been brought against it, aad contended that the only solution for the evu* which beset the coun- try is to be feaad to tbe general extension of republican ideas, Mr. Washburn spoke to oeep, hoarse voice,theresultofmuchspeakingwithinthe *. Maay of bis remarks were sharp,their brethren, sad secures to all of us the respect and confidence of mankind.up, like big waves of the ocean, In the depths of the pise forests of Maine, to tbe cities aad villages, ia the moun- tains and on the teacoast— is . not aa opposition ofEtrong Union spirit now plainly apparent throcrhout the country is a problem which can only be solved on elec- tion day. Judging by the actual figures—which, likeLoudapplausefollowedtheconclusionof Mr.Seward's thedemocracytoblackrepublicanism. Thebrokenranks mathematics,cannotUe—itdoe*notappearas ifit willr toe meet pie..at ita streets? i* awawAag.il' all the faroiers within a amntisg tad eloquent style by Gecaral Nye, and after- plete victory- By consulting the returns of popular ma- caustic and effective, and if it bad act tshsxlbai tbe crowd tJen* or the many who bad the happiness > bssfttetoeighteen,irnottwentythousand, majorityfor Wash- groundstofrontoftbeconsinu>ria!buildtoge. Mr.Wash, burne, their gubernatorial candidate, and they are san- burn, according to agreement, led off with a defence oftheir old aad corrupted creed hi befog purified and revivi- jorities to tbe six Congressional districts of Maine, since were under an interdict not to applaud on either side, he number of his friend* Than inquiry pre t. isdsdtvito iu*advanced years, he ascribed bis tort ty tangs- larity aad plainness to living, aad total ab- tobacco,gegsrsaad ah tindsefWahHucus ami >•>wt IMr. Bell aever identified htoamtf with any -f oarar- cantUetor charitable tostUiUons.and at his de*:n wasast- There was no particular Interest attached to tbe arutr, posed to be moderately wealthy. His retat <-« are <;,» inthisStateiathenaturalresultofthejudgmentofthe Thugtherepublicanandwhigmajority inISMiathe excepttoesfarasitservedtoinstructthepeople,ontbe numerous;smongthemislameBaB,Jr..ofrowcity,aw seughborhoodas his residence. Thep«ces*on iemade• abouteaahuadxed mountedWideAwakes fromthe for- people oa tbe momentous questions whito divide Thirdcongressionaldistrictwas5,010,againstademocra- eveoftbegreatcontest,astotbecharacterandprinciples amemberoftheBeardofSaperrtsore.anda •^-eotawdetails of the otiences and ^perfections of tbe republican taagighto. The men are n?* *rj •**!vortb nor tte wo There wssa torchlight procession aad fireworks in the grand result ia accomplished—the defeat ol tbe sectional trine* of the republican school, and that it re- party. There wag ne attempt to tegiebl reasoning in hi*positionwhichatgrowingintomoreactivelifeeveryday men to overthrew thesectional platform altogether.agonies on the backs o f t h e black republicans generally.aGsretaetaeExahsitbeirtnio,nitomAumsterihcaewtoilklenotlonEgueroWpea.ltogether, ThepeopleofMainearestandingho*toLiewayandtheUnionandconstitutionalliberty,thisfragmentarymajoritymaybclblownawaylikeafeatherAndsowithoftenexplained,seemed tobeoneofthemvster.esof politics. Everyonewhowenttohearthediscus- sion seemed to have been well paid by thediftredlaMr.Seward.Hedeclaredthathehadnotafeet-i theroaringofmanywaters.Itwillbeto*muchforthefifthdistrictstbeyhavecontinuedtohildtheirground,win.Thus,therepublicanswilltellyouthatsmarthascornedbytoefallofthestageoatheEspJa•.ieJ!itathattheywillsucceedincarrying tbelastthree named [ inthe afwrnoon. The meeting wag organised at eight masse*, and tbe rottenness of tbe democracy, during Congressional districts after a battle that will entailThe meeting was organized, and Mayor Kepnermaleforces, hut to fortify themselves in a strongly entrenched camp, from which it will be bard to dislodge them.Nor are tbe conservative men of this Ssate blind to theimportance of constant vigilance and an iaaccouunoda-expectations, and none but toe republicans themselves can deny that they stand upon a vary firm foundation.fin. Mot a single proselyte baa been made on either side, bat democrats aad republicans left the field as firmly wedded to their respective theories as though no discus-the Professor of Engineering st the Military ademy. Lieutenant G. W. Snyder, Corps of Lag l>: -*, » order- ed to be relieved from farther service at w K.. :*.-yleave to their posterity should be as great, : wealth trag nexuaustibie, ted Worth more tbao mines 0 I bring prace to the whole republic. publicans to offices involving the peril of the public mo- feated now, it will be all over with them on tbe 6th of side, and Gapt. S. Jones, First Artillery, wiii n g Judgeaa glorious, as ever the sun shone upon—a nation in gyld. lie pitched generally into Congress and the gene-ralgovernmentforthe past few years. HedenouncedTic camp.igfi uis now nearly reached tfgdimat, and ney. This circumstance has also led them to scrutinize November. Ail kinds of devices are, being put into re- ! Advocate.asthedayofflectiondraws nearer,sodotheexcitement morecarefullytheantecedentsandqualificationsofevery quisitlontosecurevotesforeither side. TbeIrish willI Ateaveofabsencebaabeengranted by -'.<• WarDe- andenthusiasmofthepeopleincrease.Ineverytown candidatepresentinghimselfforpopularsuffrage,andit bodilygodemocratic,audagoodmaayGer!partmenttothefollowingofficers:—ToLieulactJohnwhicheverysaaashouldlivesafely.-Therecouldbenoaeteal tree republicanism ia the world when all the the government as p&talyziug the interests of 1'ennsylva and viiltge gigantic efforts are being mod* to overthrow is certain that this will exercise a potent influence on the mans, who hitherto voted with the repub ! Llwocd, Firth Infantry, for tbe benefit of L.» i.ealth, six snsmhsrs o f society were n o t free. He showed the ne o;a lor several years. The government had railed to per- the republican candidates, and thus mr tbe aews is cheer- coming struggle. Tbe republican journals have been and 1 leans, a r e going over t o t b e national . months: to Major G*orge H . Thomas. Bscoc.i Cavalry,form the toacttoas for which it was created. The sys- ing, although tbe first accounts, through republican are siftl asserting that the defalcations have been made cause. This will make a big hole in Oil Abe's columus, i twelvemonths; to Gapt. P . T. Tursiey, <** eremaer's cemtlty of an emigration of free men In buiillng np a tem of governmeut must be changed or disaster would sources, seemed far otherwise. Steady ggiog farmers, up and that tbe State will lose nothing. but the demo- aad may tend materially towards bis defeat? at all tbe j Department, tore months: to Captain A. A • bam, Ss- aatioe. aad asked what would be the result ftlf such em i who scarcely ever trouble themselves about politics at cratic organs have flatly denied tbe statement, and urge villages between Portland ani the capital there are sigas j cend artillery, four month* A a extender, f leave ofoccur. Miber it must reduce the expenditures or all, are now warmly espousing the national cause. They in rebutter that tbe facto are being kept in the back- of an active canvass going on. Party speakers are conti- i absence has been, by the same authority, r ^ ted toCap-gratioawareprevented, foreignnationswouldsend!l&eruisetheievenue. Theonlyremedyisaproper their convicts hate as they had formerly done. What tariff When the tariff was proposed ia Congresskind of tabor would they have then—such labor as their it was always overslaughed by the interminable negrohavelivedtoseetheentireabsurdityofthesocalled grounduntilaftertheelection,tothattheymightnotaf Duallyoathestumptalkingtheirthroatssore. There-|tainD.Woodruff,hinthInfantry,sixmorrt*toLieu-ancestors had w Sooth Caroima and Georgia? Theyweald*have African laborers, brought here by Boston and protective policy, e?i>ecially aa regards Pennsylvania's'•Irrepressible confiict" between labor aad capital, as feet the chances of the republican candidates This is, publicans are having a serious tussle with the dea-i de- j laid down by the philosophers of the Samara Sumnor however, nothing to the purpose. Whether the defalca- mocratic party, and it does appear strange that a party , school, and tbey will not be humbugged by i« vain spe- tions be or be not made up. the fact cannot be gatosayed so healthv aad powerful as tbe republicans allege they j culationsany longer, Anumberottheso intelligentre- thattbeydidoccur;andtakingtheargumentoftbere areshouldfinditnecessarytogetupsuchabigfight presentative men, who have for some years voted with publican* themselves, that a party is responsible for thetenant 6 . Williams, Eighth iElantry.sn a..; -t Domestic Mews Items.THSCASAL a OBDSX—BOATS Bcwsrwi.—v.r^rehappy to snnounce, says the Rochester Union of tl r -•>•-& x.-i., that tbe Erie canal is aow in pretty good r..i n,sg order hereabout.-: at all events tbe level* are uy * tar a- we can learn, aad loaded boat* are moving Tr-levels be- low were pronouoced ready last night, and rx-<ii) darted. I'P to eleven o'clock this forenoon .-ever ty c:«i- had passed the weigh lock eastward, aad the .. .aofihem gotoffthislevel. Boatswerecomingupqu;!<--reefyirons the Eart, Indicating that all i- right below, roe tieet de- tained here snd bound eastward has been > i umtiy in- creasing, aad tt now extends for six mik **•* of tbe city. Notmorethanfiveorsixboat*p»-rMarcanbe weighed at the lock: and if there coeld be, u. s is about a? great a number a? can be passed tbrougt .oe lock-to the eastward. It is probably better for • Iconcerned toat tbe boats detatoed boreshouldrescachereuntil they can be property distributed below. At .a. of that nectoore than 150 boats ran pass ia twenty four boors, w* shall not see the fe*t of this crowd befor» " f«dayRopaxBvotAPOSTOvira.—The Pest otter atCocoes.K. Y., was broken open on tbe night of tte i i wet, aadquestion. Hewent intoauargument defensiveofthewith an organisatiou that is dead and buried according to j York merchants. They had got this free emigre interestsJim tbe question will never be settled till the the republican party, have now severed their connection actsof any one or its members, it is at oaee 4seeh that a their own showing. The republicans believe that their |with aa organization that gives open countenance to vio grave rseponsib lily is cast upon this organization forlence, robbery and murder, and for the future will cast gross peculation in the State Treasury. That this ear involuntary servitude should ever exist in sted. Be censured Cwgress for neglect of legitimate their votes 'or tbe sacred integrity of the national cause. is the doctrine of tbe republicans of Maine, and,demonstration in Portland has struck terror into the ' hearts of the democracy: but the democrats m y that they could tf they pleased get up a display that wouldbecause in 1717 their fathers declared that neither iutermiuable negro question is thrown out and repuli-aama State; they a r eincompatible; there is anthat organization. " We do not," says this paper, "object bard rob between the national men aad the disunion ists.'• arrepresslbiecoaflict 'between them.(Laugh-duties, to stray after raise gods. He referred to the In the city of Portland it Is confidently expected that therefore, of the whole party, however m u m outnumber this by thousands if they had a mind to do ao.theTeif'toryofMichigan. Wasthereamawnowintin.*Stale w h o would wish to hare a Have bare.' (Cries of ettiwts of ton last three years to peas the Pacific Railroad tbe democrats will be triumphant, but it hi right to say tbey m ay seek to dodge its applicability in tbe case of but that tbey cannot spare time to play music snd marchbill. Thiywerealwaystolditwaslostforwantoftime, thattberepublicansarejustascontinentofairiumpbaat tbeHarper'sFerryriots,maybeproved bytbe dictum aboutwheathereissomuchwork tobedosetosecure •No, no. ) abwery aad freedom cannot exist in the issue. The democrats say that when they were badly of tbe Portland Adrerfteer, one of tbe most outre organs of the defeat of treason and conspiracy. It will be a veryso it will be with to.s an 1 other questions till the negro organised lu the spring they beat the republicans at a.{uestion is thrust out of Congress. He next refer- city election, and that now that their force*are in bettor to party; we are not insensible of its Uaportanoe, nor do They are both coming up with heavy forces, and both red totheedbrts for tbereliefforoldsoldiers. order,theirchancessofsuccessmustbeinfiattetygreater. wewonderaadcomplainofattachmentthereto,aorua- makesomuchnoiseabouttheirsuccessthatwecanoalyter.) Introduce slavery, aad yon expel freedom; They could uot pass the bill ia their behair The republicans defy them to prove this on the day ef williagness for light cause to break away therefrom On patiently await the day of battle to see which party shall msrodoce freedom, aad slavery will sooner or later die. election, :md there the matter necessarily stands. In the contrary, we commend this rigid adherence, not only conquer to toe strife. Ia tbe meantime people here arefor want' of time—the negro question ieterfered. tbe meantime, bosh sides are working as u* for very life. as evidence of tbe strength of party affinities, but as evi-seriously awakened to the danger of the hostile position Ttiisstateorthingscannotlast. Henextargued thedoc- Tbe State is ringing with speeches of every form dence also of devotiontodoctriaerecognizedandmain- of tberepublicanparty,aad everymanwho valuestbe •honto be a free State, and I mUfamr at toag a t / trine of oca intervention. He made a gallant defence of and complexion, and a good deal of money is tained by the party itseir. It is to the character of the importance of the Union of tbe States will be oa band tnIt nee been always my policy to take care that every uewwttamtheUminofcotutUuHanml actio*,rite ieertau the latoa aadconstitution. Hedenounced Buchanancoming into circulation for tbe purcaue of votes It ia said that t h e republicans a r e "shelling out"ratherfreely,astheyaregreatlyalarmedattheTf I am wrong ia prouotiaciag slave i yea will of coarse accept i t Whea didall the letters taken out s a d opened snd c o u n t s takes, SOCTH—POLITICAL ANTI-SLAVERY COTfBNTIOK IB together with $26 or U0 worth of stompsi ea thsfssatumtt e t saaawssa, and which atil1 laay vestige ef slavery, that dees not to-day ooafessA great democratic demonstration waa held a t the new Bucftaaaunaoavowedthesesentimentsbeforeelectionhe CityHalltothiscityon Saturdaynight. ThetargebailwottW not hsve been troubled with the administration of was crowded to excess by an assembly of persons a* in-the government. Hereferred to theConvention at telligentandenthusiasticasanyyoumayseetoNewYorkunder similar oircumstancts. The utmost order aad de'waters over the treasury peculation!.tembernext,atteeo'clockA.M.Tbe object of this Convention is to consider the pro-priety ef organizing a political party upon an anti slaveryA aoaaj> I*f m~*efdomesticlaanmetioof awittof*aCaatltoai,a»idN'ot oue.There are a number of other circumstances concerning i thefocaladministrationwhichwillbemadetotellagaiast tbe republican cause; but their prospects will be tar moreSouth and So. W. mails » A * . «-!«,'» P.M. Baatern aaall, by railroad.. 6A.M. Mrf; r a ttato them to keep peace ;a the state of Mmhi-gaa,<wVewTorkorMassacbosctta? Dowe mam-tieaseas*electorsatSergei-Job*arbaatersadtenG.w, a"big"display. They areto have long pVeoeasionTofparty whose constant design it to overthrow public pros 'party, to tbe doctrines Itadvances, and to thesealone,to which reference i s now made. A democrat, o f course, unlessbedisowntbeconnection,hitoberegardedassspirit is so thoroughly aroused that nothing b u t heavy editor sets out b y telling us that "two or more individu- the democratic party to a protective policy. He has bribery and wholesale corruption can check it ia Its re- als cannot unitefor whatever purpose without creating *do his duty to bis country.o/ Africa* ilar#ry in ail the Stt'et.>•)ThatIsshewhalequestion,IfIamwmag, stroytheUnion.HepitchedintoSecretaryCobb;re- possibleresultoftbeelection.Theyknowthatirthey memberorthedemocraticparty,towhateverisdoneandBreckinridge inseveretermsasconspiratorstode-•aaa 1 am sgregioualy wrong, aad you may abandonme ferred to bis speeches in 18^d. pledging Buchanan and lose Maine the game is all up with them, and tbe Union by tbe party he is to share responsibility." And aa the A NEW "FLAM" FOB THI 8CBJCGATION OF THBsince abandoned that idea, proving recreant to his pledges formatory program. The republican orators are there-to the jaopie. Mr. Buchanan knew Cobb's duplicity, yet fore kept constantly at the ears of the people, endeavor- iever reed erase of a State peopled exclusively by appointed Mm his Secretary of the Treasury, sad ever ing to seduce them by lair words and gentle promises,party," it meat to the end b e resolved that every mem- ber of tbe party must beresponsibletor the acts of theseTHB CITY OF WOBCE8TEB, MASS.Aa adjourned meeting of the Political Anti-SlaveryPOSTAL OimXCTOBT.JmfeMe.OP OXOgDto AT TMB KBW TOSS »•• NOB. ...Berth—Albany,BuffaloaadCatr«.i .,3;iP.w. Berto aad West way mafl » A.M. Westernmall,viaErieBJt..*A.M.tcd3!^f.M.to aay onager at ho«e or abroad?Is there a slave State, or a State that ever was a Breckinridge now sup;arts this ruinous policy. If he sadwhile tbe matter of fact money ageat is stumping tUe State and only speaking with a golden tonga*.two men, aad these two or mwe most be responsible for Convention, which met in the city of Boston on tbe 29th their own and each other's acts, so that there is but littlepersonal responsibility after all in the ranks of the repub day of May last. will be held to the city of Worcester on lican party. Hence the desperate efforts to close the dark Wednesday and Thursdsy. the 18th and 20th days of Sepsiuce has worked against Pennsylvania's interests. Mr.Charleston. H e was terribly severe ia h is denunciation corum prevailed. The galleries were tilled wMh beautiful a/e»pikesaniipilmaadspean,eiamosd£**1ff£».oftheactionofthesecessionista.Considerableapplauseladies,whosmiledbenignautlvonthesterner'sexmus-seriouslyinjuredonthegrandquestionofnationalissues. byateassbeat.....«,rMease tit . _ waa eUcMed la this part of his speech. Tbe secessionists tered in thick flies below and as an indication of tbe per Sssfetotto/atawfMMMt,toffkOepanic^f'.iatmrreetim-. ,hadentirelyabandonedtheprinciplesoftheCincinnati vadtogspiritofthetime,thewholeaffairwasagratify-interpretation of tbe United States constitution, with the Atnoformerelectionwithinmanyyearshavetoepeoplej avewedpurpose ofabolishing slaverytotbeStates,atregarded the contest with a raage of such wide import Iaace. Tbeconstitutionalist*donotlookupontheStrug wellemTerritorieseftheUnion. Atitsformermeeting gle to tbe light in which they have hitherto viewed their , resolutions setting forth the great principles of libertyfnaaarMAitg..OnSundayallmadscloseat:t•<Sea at IK P- M-ing The Mayor of the city opened the proceedcaoil war. ftoamea back to you moves* mate. Kt*. • platform, to which he adheres and with which he would togs to an appropriate speech, aad waa followed by K. O. State electioaa. They aim at a higher principle than aad equality which must underlie and permeate a politic*Oai.meesu.By steamsUp .oaTue»KV aawafhaL I Ithe freemaa i*toiefeuii fmlm, mkkmhe*\ *mkorswan. Thedoctriae^)f thesecessionistswascoo- 1'errin.ofTennessee,whomadeoueofthemost etfectivomerelyto defeat tbedestructive party onState poli-ties alone. White thea* will exercise a veryj movement,toentitle ittotoeconfidence andsupportofimportant influence on the popular vote, toe questionof the friends ef freedom, were introduced sad discussed.H i m. M The Overia'ad' Mali''tor''dasEeerW ieavea * . Lotusevery MondayandTbnrwiut.-.tA.S..,_ assess**tatyeea.'«>theHakeandr*r<thei'«« IaspeVet at freedom. Not from teaiwgs of cruelty, batforthesafetyaftheState;sadwhatdowe taaw but gpat that aaw -Slate, still newer ,hat having, at she thougat. tenfold the af wealth sadatreagth aad prosperity, is eon- ief slavery being broaghh totepartiesefbarettMdag- Batyea win have yea to do snth u>:s- why inierfsra ma way sat adopt the opposite policy af aoe i, aad let these wbe Mke slavery have II aad like freedom have freedom^ I will aoawer s:mply. T ea mamuia aow aataadwg army af aboat fifteea thojsand mea.aad a (teas mg aavy erhlaha very large, though not vary effisient. Can aay mil see what we matetata theeo ftrf Do wewyto reason,common sagasaadto violation ofthe sjsseahes ofthecampaign. His impression, gathered iltttnoc PennsvlvaaiaHrould never support sece- during aa extensive tour through the State, Is that tbe national cause is sure to triumph. H e attacked the doc- trineoftheirrepressibleconfiict.andshatteredallUs flimsy pretensions one after another, ia a meaner go simple, snd yet so completely, that the qeesttoe wasmade easy to tbe meanest understandingThe Hon. Geo. F. Sbepley also made a Strang national speech, which was very favorably rejeived. It WM ' *» e«ablisbed by tne fathers of highly satisfactory to observe tbe enthusiasm of tbe large concourseofpeoplewhentherewaaanangaaltotheirLet-eradesignedforUshoeUlen- .*e'0»er-land.vlafei.Loua"a.LAxaCr*v.The Overland Mall from St. J.-»^r< itaitorAttLakeCUT.leavesft.Josephe»er».ncda*»«d Thtirgaay. at 8 A. M. Letters at -w •• • e marse* 'Overland, via m. Joseph."Be. PAOirsi.-Bv sieamssis ea T. *'*•>.Bent U »• A * . BASAaA BHAJrm. .Oa tbe day after tbe errUt.1 •• -*. t aftw- nate Cunard packet at this FOCI. '*«*•****month, the steamer Earaak wiR l* < *toateaea withmailsfortbeBahamaU:>o•<>to:«seto at Basaan. B. P .Sjoa*rs......By steamahin VaaderWtt, far * •amptoa AHavre, Saiiirday. Sei-i it)-, -' *•TfMB OF CLOSrNO AT TpB LOKDOK Ml FrCE.stoBSAratomiooisistnJ traitors. HecomparedBreckin- me republican party, both ttediag in the same ,;*•» «fumate dissolution of the Taton. He « • ii—iii?T ****'*** aatogy on the Union, expressingnational unity will have an overpowering effect. What- Ibutwithouttakingactionupon themtbeConventionad-uaolweah*rVi«t£-U> , U B d Q7 '* final/, resolstely amisentiment which pervades the country, more than to anymalfeasance In tbe Stole admlawtratlon. The conserva-tives will meet toeir country's Iocs, and call them loan •the President and Chairman of tbe Business Committee.la discharging the duty thus devolved upon us, we aow make sa appeal to you. fellow cttlsene, lever* of freedomthe rcpttbhrtmscceant for their violation of public righto, and on thaiplatform, if they can, tbey will defeat them. This is toe of both sexes, in behair of four millions of enslaved coon -at the eloee of the — «&c U e e r e ware given tor ?\>«gJae, several re^etT^ *** -trueirrepressibleconflict—acoaflictthathasexistedever trymen,who,tothenameofjusticeaadaoemmonbro-,M,i m t o l h e lr toe u8 struck up, and U e Hna»^!!I? v * . "»'' «a 'Cainoe the creation of a good aad evU principle, and whichwill continue to exist until right shall triumph overwrong. Another cause that will tend to strengthen the yet slavery at still triumphant over our whole toad. national party hi the feet that toe population ot toeState has been continually increasing, and with the Influxor new ishabitaatt the conservative ranks have beenextended snd strengthened. A great change moat haveV. . «.ontBtoH SUM «vn^rn*7;; tins*.„country was riearer to them and"'theT;"r^^ ?h.^?3 of the dangerous abstractions <ini\ M^S%^lSm!tFrom half peat seven to past eleven toeorewTett te^S'fectorder, endwhea tbeydid separate, Mwas m'th*mask; of the Union. This evening there is a W . W n !demonstration of tbe "Giant Club" and all xhmu aKnotioedtobeonhand. »"»»» areno-Untitled DocumentThere is not yet a single foot of soil In all tots bread republic on which tbe escaping slave eaa stead and feel that he is free.TbeOverload Mail to Bombay-}- •*•>*'***! eatosaonto. Via aouttoaastea"••^itatoering slowly dispersed.commencement of the present anti slavery agitation, audWm**BivmtJoasram smt? ..« The Bell aad Everett State Convention h*M h«LThereisnotyetinexistence a political party (ifweOALCgTTA.. S i0th. l»h. 2Cta, via Mane'•••»% <**, tob Bka.Jito.viaaoatbampton.tochoosea*electoralticket, selected the foitewtoa° ^sens can have no interest in supporting the projects of a ' which does not shamelessly avow the parpoge to wield tbenationalswordtodefenceof theoioxlyslavesystemgsasesa tth and tote.AseraAUA, .TieMarseUleaand SuetonireU•<aacptor and Sues, lath MABHITIOS...TieAdenontbeetbaadXrtoofto<•**•.VuKouthAtapiooonthe*thofuseu(<t> aarThrMarseille*m«iUaredeapat--bedoeirr- '>-'»TMu w <C o m vaa follow*.-YU Marseilles oa tfcs • .u \*h\ htbe year 18i>2. tt will be found that conservatism has been gradually asserting ita sway over the rabid doc-followed,tor one mortal hour and forty minutes, with thealthough not without considerable loss, and it teexpectedhad a deuced sharp thrashing—that it was madness to supposethathecould cope with Washburn,tbe "Little Giant of tbe East," and a great many similar thing*.city, during the display of fireworks.Ami) Intellisren< r.Lieutenant W. E. Morrill, Corps of Ehgda& >. is direct-dresses freavS O. Petrm SSM otaars Tbey were accom- panied by a vary Be* bead, and paraded tbrotigb tbe streets ia brilliant style. They retcmad by rail to Pott-tongues, our destructive friends would bare to bunt opBan yenwtMse*srwsiu^aptoawhtefa a ^ ^ allie* somewhere. Tbe republican* threat** that the dte ally just, politically ccBsatteat. aad pe*awa.tyoftbeleadingapostlesand,defeadaraofthefaith.WeTbe discussion at Angaria, on, Wednesday, promtosstof ^ u i T S !delivered by the Baa. C. Fetvendea, Judge Culver, ef Hewtally agate wo aay. ecu inp to thto Oeavcrt^B. n S lTbe aext thing to be considered is whether the state of sion at all had occurred. The partisan journals, who are Academy, aad is accordingly directed to re;, -t lor ustyever advance may he now made in favor of Union aad !journed to meet to the city of Worcester, at the cell of conservative principles will be due to the strong nationalTH*LatestAboltHonManifesto.therhood, demand their liberty a t yonr band*Nearly aa entire generation nag passed away since thetakenplaceintheCongressional districts by this causeIalone during tbe lam few years, aad as the newer citi I except a meagre local orgaaiaation in a single state), Onm*. Ac. Vu MarseUlea on the 10th ai<? » • Via Swr>.-• \coversyearchurches,fortheirsupportvi«,•icftb* rottea fear, of oaTear children, a national patrisaoay which }U„ « g Q tensh to accept at oar heads as evidence ^ a i .>« £ |thaaaquarterofaeenturyotseedsowingbu-sed uoBSsatrate to one grand. c*attono.:s. ->» seeault upon the citadel of slavery, until ita •**.* sna army and aavy to ke*;> out civilwar itutoivft ia tie free Stat?*- S>A tl a*!. DovePrltchsrd. Thedistrict electorsareG.M <lleb«ry;A.S. Hyde, of fc. A:baas, and J. W^Tr***£ratiiebon>'. Ibc Convent**) was tbtoiv au*r.i*,i104 theWideAwakeandContinental^utoTfromaliteui 2thenecksofhishelplessvictims. Wehavehaddiscussione upea the character of slavery aad tbe sources of itspower, till the whoe subject is thoroughly understood by eaapatehed tbefoBowtegeveem*. . *GoTuesdayeveningtberepublicansaregoingtomakewhereveritexistsunderStatejurisdiction. Thechurch theirnamesintberanksoftbe conservativeUnionmen isstilllbleaguewithtbetyrant,withbothherheelsuponoftheState. Theseareinbriefafewoftbemaay rea- ef tbe State, toroogh the street! of Portia*.!, shcoinnluBiiS sons which can be given for predicting a wholesale cutby bauds oi music, torches, Srewo-ka. cacawn. .v5r!S , : , • , . „ „ . - f l l , « — . . . 1 . 1 : •'Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069a»i«. Shouldanyof ibawe dates fallen Surt»» heawl •www.fultonhistory.comperity,itmaybereasonablyinterredthattbevwillenrol 