 ''Jzxonx's, have jtutbd^ addedtothelist ItistruethatthesalaryofDepoty The Royal Hail steamaliip Armbia, Cayt. Bioirg, iaihe twe bodies referred to Is not enarmcms, but the It ie certain that whea the Union was traniferrod to Mr. Hbj., of Georgia, (American,) suggested that the {entleman from Virginia seemed to suppose it the wganlatthm of the Honse. If I had it ia my frayi Llverpaol at(-J* A.M. eatbaSMhaf Seceabai, faaitlon mdonhtedly gives access Indirectly toother.should be forcedform till be had learned whether they were to have'-~n. 19saaT<»L. filp-Ka 3S90.0fk ffime NEW-YORK. MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.tat*laHtfmembers <rf thetiUed, are net rich, aad the obligation under whfch they are placed to make a show in theMr. Euioi remarked that Mr. Cosa did not say anything new to Massaehasetts or the citizens of that State. TherewerenotmoreConstitutionalnorCon- aerrative constitutencies anywhere. From the land- teg of the Pilgrims till now, there never was a body of men who more assuredly, directly or promptly, stood by the laws and t;onstitution and every right, than those same men who met together at Bam^able the ether day to proclaim their allegiance to the Union aad laws. The men who dissented from the ylrlt of those resolutions are the men who would be land standing aide by side with the secessionists and dkulonistsofthe SontlL They were not the Repub- Meaas, nor order-loving Democrats, but another class •fmen a'.togettaer. One gentleman who addressedIhan chaste, more tlianstrong parliamentary,justandcious advice.for tbosc who wouldgive such atro-ing, did not*at meeting was aand his liearers ympalhized with his sentiments there de- clared. W^e have, he said, heard more tersenevermaintenance. If France meditates now or at any time an occupation of Lower Egypt she will easilycapitalRussia into combined hostlUty to the Porte, does seemthemostirrational tbatcanbeImaglnad. The Tniu,whichhashithertosupportedttie PaunerstTnkt[padquestiononly Anti-Lecomptunite who votedEurope,rights of ijs people."Bole.BALLOT FOR 8FEASE1L woald 'HMTRffi Ma*,peopledo notobjectI refer to fhefraifaentRepublican,and to only followingtheexample of the Americanauthorities,repaythe cost of itspeimanentere Tlgoroos than eoarteeos, denunciation after de- BanclatioB against those awn who come from the Monh, representing the feeUngs and principles of the Ilnrth as embodied in the resolntionsfavors, perfectly willingIt appears, moreover, that the aggregate of the ac-cost undertakingherofthekind. Andtoread. The Hae la aot &r distant when the sceptre will slip frompenalty to that ofence) only a want of due care andAa buds of those who h<4d it. andiiaaMer hands, and then we hope we will find oarpoint to be considered.IL A party on trial cannot be convicted of an of-fence he is not charged witii. Major Wvsi wasconduct unbecoming an officer and ato other and Vll -B-loving friends shaking hands with tlie newparty tltat will have the power of theaad they propose 'to administer it accordiog to theHe neverhim God. [Applause.] He asked If Mr. IIiu, ofGeorgia, would vote for the plurality rule.Mr. Hill, of Georgia, (American,) would answer forhimself,aadhethoughthecouldsayforhisasso-ciates, that they never would vote for itThe yeas and nays were now called oa the motloaagentleman**charge dlstinctiy, expreasly,andex-mier found It impossible to drag his colleagues alongCoBsUtntionandthe darlie them both.Mr. CosB wasdU act produce the resolutionsproper penaltydlatlnet charge a Court-martial must acquit or con-vict of the offence charged. They cannot resort tothe 9»th article to evade the other articles of war, or sistance to and contempt of the law. Marshal Mat- ofboth in France and agree in retard- Englandhappyexplaaation. Hefuture compilcatlonfThe consultations of tke Cabinet Committee cm tbeInevitable Reform somehow or other seam not to till,were lastUnion,andthelawswhichoa-personsing Mr. Lisair*' scheme as likely to prove a nesi-eggto hear the withview to saybut to aa-Mr. KuiOT aald the Editor of the Barnstablewaa a Daioa-loving and strong ConsUtution^l Semo-ctat, lepreaeating a high i^ce in Barnstable.•Mr. Coaa did not care what ollce the editor held. wai the nfreseDtattre of true doctrines. He tlie seatlmoat* declared would enable all sides to froit by Aem. He wanted his constitnents totain control of thewill be toM. RsissiL, a ParisianKInedt, and the penally incurred. If the speclficatioas fractory American, commenced his speech thus:aaything to the Massachusetts •ertala whether they were genuine.Government,reform thelawyer, employed bythe re-19 the ^IrlfDf our revolutionary fathers.Mr. Davis, of (Dem.,) some Mississippi, occupiedon the previous question.Mr. Wnsiow moved a call of the House.Mr. DAvn, of Indiana, (Antl-Leeampton Dem.,) saidpasstleman's own hand-him by some of his friends.or had beendelegation,Supreme Court, and revise the decision in regard to of Mr. WuBiow—:will the maha question (a ballot for negro citlzensllip TII':'VGOWrOBBSS.Yke JKertts of IVorlkem Vnion Mr. Giiaia, and demanded why fiat par^y had rottp—lal St^alak to tk« Vaw-Tork Ttaus. WiiMiWM,Saniav,Ma.8.• ovubINm win be caUed far and •ifoiaMf aao from Tennessee resist his inangtiration T «ikMi«|«tett*wtale wMrt** Meutiw later. , Mr. anass referred to the decision of Ihe Supremeaot take aay mUr advantaga.II or feel it. unless they saw It in tliesiVvaae by na- ^ll^ tin eVetiea of Pijator i> prapomd in th* tfae deeisloa of the Supreme Court, would the gentle-IfHDNfiiBT.AdifferentAid-Cbamberlatns, Ushers, -Wd- Ushers,and a Printer will not b« cbosea aatll Massaehasetts, had declared that twoyttn recentlylanz, I enlarlain no;aftar this committee has reported. could not be enrolled in the militia.Mwmmui hj Wubiu,pert yesterday, tn-flu afternoon.aaarees of gain, aa it does in all countries. The tinsmuA, at raUe to be agreed upon by arMtraionandit likely that some man could be fotmd on the Repob- sponsibility would rest where it belongs. .\11 he da so I but desire to vindicate the integrity of my Vigose««s to be aiipraaehlBg when the Emperor may' be Uverpeal lor PhlladelphU abeelntely certain that he has none bst Mends in tbaIneanalareinaopTniisoeunsruM.] WiaanaroR, Sunday, Jan. 8.is, and if any diversity of opinion or of order commodate geatlemca on this side of the Honse by pointIstobeattributedthe Inthe principal partt» be paid only to the original clalnwnts, or their Senate, on the one that if the hand,fight lasted twanty minutesato supply a charge not on trial. It is the office of thecharge, as distinct from the specificatioBs ef fact, to out the legal ofence—to Indicate the law vie-iiAO was present in the Couri when the ease came up.cais. The Anti-Lecomptan men had said, when it point•cnld be shown that their votes would settle the ques- the motion for a ballot is out of order.Mato be I him.*•*""S. steamer sailed from Rio on the The C Ckamfionrupt and very conservative. Mr. Fitisotelected, but the n«m<u.r.t. ..A..iw< «n «..,.his physi-firsthis election there on Tory principles, and with diffi-elected,votedMr. Hnx, of Georgia, changed his vote from Mr."'South Carolina, (Dem.Mr.Wtisar,spectacleHamutoh to Mr. Baisiow.willing to vote for Mr. Hamilton, supposing that heKth amounted to 3,400 bags.Stock on handlightgreat agecultyar.Sis^^'.'"andwhole Union are awake to theviewsupportedto the organizationof the House on apropertystated at $Xl,243,e00, ol which only $14,243,697 is in slaves.for War.Democrats refused to sup-side, will allow thiscountry, that we will hold up to the gaze of annant country the of a sectional at-andfor Mr.light pneumanlagainedtmy tongue hith-erto for Ihe reason tliat I bad no desire to throw any The steamer CircMttion arrived at «alway on the M. Macquaas, the very able Secretary of his Ka-llcan side who would be willing to accept the otGr« If Bdnua la elected asd girei the work to othnjwr- of President in preference to a negro. (Laughter.)caredpaperMr. 810118—I do not know thatSpeaker) be putt The vote stood aa follows For the main question*Against it:may be by the Court to applied anyother that ch^geparty (D«a.,)md several others, gave as raasons for not Helper Book, until an indignailt people shall rise inf"°"of hisown i_'*L?!!°?,5^'"!ll°*^« par-tionai but when he saw on the Dem- basis, gentlemenocratic side voting against the noi^ea of their ownfact was that thehad wound itself in such a way about tbe flag-staff^; but if called to choose between a sound conserva- theDaBUiciatand«KapiibUcan.h« should take thearising out of the conduct of the Clergymen of theBeaot^t. WlthrefsM^lotheorganlaatkmofthe Maasf, be denied that ttera was any appK)aebes at aieii."""'^^^ "^' theirwrathandhurlthemfromtheseatsofbyeveryDemocratandwithainUabtlakd.Theaggregatevalue;)'"*"'• " **'• J^""' •' Arkansas, tempting to put into that ^lT^S^!; chi^yneFauia- Prince'smalady,bythereporithatablackflagwas ictPaiLorEarlaxGxzr,whoisnowUnderSecre-the Republicans. He would not, under any clrcuui, stances, vote for the Republican candida'e (Mr. Suial KM), but he called upon the D> aM>c at< to vole fodawa the prerioas qucsUoa would be to postpose • ballot from day te day.for the gentleman from Peaasylvania to make his mo> tlon, if be could get the loor.Mr. LiACB woald hear the gentleman.Mr. Pcaa again got up and said : My eonstlfoenls are iadilTerent about the organlzatiea of the Hoose. That is a result !n which they do not consider theat- selves tnterested but as no qosstioa which I faver^NEWS FKOM EUROPE. nify a death In the ImoerialfamUy. The people IMr. WASBanaas, of Maine, (Rep.) tlMught the effect would be to leave the question the same as if it had concentrated their vote upon that gentleman befoie, nerer been demanded, aad it would then be in ordeiARRIVAL OP THE ARABIA.to have the forgotten fact.The majority of the immense number of oflcerscomposing the households ef theand other Emperor, EmpressTlie Southern and the Oppositteniatsor which favor is theyImperial ftmlly. aitboubhRepublicane waold never sfiillate upon the Slavery qaestloa, al- thoagh upon o^her important questions they mightbefailure to organize the House, I shall not throw anyThe Clerk read from the Manaal, to the eflfect that :0bstacle In the way of any movement which is likely acree, such as on the tariff, and in a mutual convin- since the question was put In the form. Shall the to lead to a final resoH, as against the Repuslicaa Otm of the corruption and incompetency of the pres- main question be now put, the effect of a vote in the Party. (Applause from the Democrats.) I do not •aat Administration. He was opposed to the dismdon negative waa to postpone the vote until the end Of behave tlial my constituents, or the people of tlieState of Alabama, would be aSected inMr. HicaJiAa said he gave notice some days age of even if the Goveniment itself was to come to a deadlock In itsoperations. (Laughter.) If the statutea which have been passed for the last ten years were Mr. SnrauTOV said ihe people of the North held the previona qaeatioB. He had given that notice be. obliterated, I am convinced sot a man In my districtknowmerleal strength they should elect him, overriding was the determiaatlaa of Ot» majority that no Speak newspapers. [Laughter.] But the impression seemsEicMragiBg iepMt of tbe Italiu which society'In they move, naturally creates a tightness In thslrseallmcnts which had been nt'ered Southern bythe debate on that and no day,any way,NaFolcoaIII. madthe appvMMk- these is eneaaahcgen- tleaen in certain contingencies, and he, as a Southeralonger..not look upon the etactkm of a Black Ra- his purpose to move the pinrality rule as a proviso poblicaa to the Presidency as aiaaaie (br disnaion.- aad that he presumed isas the reason ior the call atag Congress.fkatFuD.DonotiBSIsacitizen aad causehewouMR [wmMDISIIKRECnON ISquestionmined in some shape or other, whether tiiis body liM, then Wiasiix will at onee enat BowHAjTboin Mr. Stokss would not dissolve the Union in will elect a Speaker, or wketlier it will permit a mi- .ft* Cm)tlilatit», and proaacote hiaito refund the mo- case of the election of ^ Black Republican, nority to tliibuster away the time of the House, andlaportaat places of tbe Admlnistratian.President's let-Jlfi attorneys or aaaignaea. The amount Involred is ter of acceptance had not been construed in favor of tion.;ry Department for sealing the various items to the Ar- my studard.ttialtaiown that Senator TooHBs, dnring the Con- giamliaal reeeas, has earefnUy prepared a General Baakinpt bill, but its presentation is prevented by the aasatUed political coadlUon of thc,coiintry.Bccent information from Oregon and Washington akews the last appropriation has been sulEcient to laMaia the Indian Service, and, as a consequence, ftare is now in tliat quarter an entirely peaceable aaadiUen of aibirs.' BOT78E OF KEPEESENTATIVES.WAsaneioit, Saturday, Jan. 7.Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, (Dem.,) asked that an uflele emanating from Hassachuietts be read.which should be shown to titeit had not been constMcd against Popular Sove- who signed the Helper book Is fit for Speaker, and the Democratic side.)and twenty-eight degrees below freezing point in then tossed up for the damageo swoid. bavtiurkaow from thesnd spoke for them.Mr. Davis—I have no desire tofrom tkat State whether it was a forgery or ,Bot- It appealed in the Barnstable Patriot, from the last, where tiie sna first rises on our globe. II it be genuine, he was glad that, after searching among nhbiah, he had been able to find in Haasachnsetts atities to form a nnclsns for a whole dieet of and ice,to shore.SincelitliU, toIsgle jeweldelegation,and substitute myself chicanery.endeavor todefeat it by legisIatlTeThe Sara Canal-Praapecta af the lag8eaaloaafParHnmeat-DeathVf Fltzray-PoUtlea af Sixty Tcara^^laae.From Onr Own Oarzaspesdent Leanos, Tuesday, I>ee. tt, ifx.The proceedings of the Union meeting in Barnsta-ble were read, deelariag the duty of obedience to thethebeen upon this floor he hadpaitnsent,Christmas, prepareCwilllnllcn a* the supreme law of the land oral er actual traason, Ac.At athe be Is "trialofMajorWtss, convictedaf mgmng BullalonlanandadenuUac Baawa'a raid, aad hia sympathiser* aadvote oa all qoestlons aa theyroeetai ParWaassatary esder.Mr. Claix said the Republieans could not escapee /aUe otrtificost of transportation" la regard to a iaundress/but ac<quiued of signing the same **know- ^gly,^ and convicted under another Fpecification, oftbaae laaathliig «r Iscitliig taaamctton, as gailty ofthat expression. He bad not Intended tothing olTensive to bim, and he attributed the remark to bis impulsive feelings.thoughtsto ihe exclusion of otherHi. »iiwrfee call for the meetiag be read,bis point againstvoted on the by Mr. Snyxns ana decided," " knOKingty,'' orsign-.asskating possible.of Massaehasetts,asked thatalreadya like certificate, but ofmalso acquit hini of Ihe charge ofMr, Cms said it was not in the papers. He lovedUaiea meetings, but he wanted them to deolare sucheatlsaents as had been read. He believed that manyAboUtlonlsts were simply for the Union. Let theotte be, the Constitution and the rights of ail sec- tions,andlettheminscribeontheiroaimers,"Hoe theremark. tigno vmeit ;" then under this sign we'll conquer.givenopinionthe coursefamilt/given persistent horror of appearing masculine, have just(Rep.,)signing ing itagainacquittedto inciudt a member of hitinfluenceofcountry.areernment of all eeaeemeded until afterhave left town to country reaidences.and most of the:aaytklsgto wooad the feeHafS of aay aad gMtleman,be certainly thought tlie gentlemaa ought to rseaUhowever, thus plons, far,eoa-Coar^aartialin tlie Department of Oregon, iaeach in liis ownRussian. The ladies this year have recentcould readytoactthe SouthernHouse, that no vote can be taken on therality rule In any form until there shall have Mr.Gilmer,ofNorthCarolina,(Am.,)centigTade scale. saM:Tills is not finished." The Count Da H., antheyelect,893 HAmLTOs, with themove theTheVery serious irregularities appear in the proceed-also, that of all tbe legations of the United Statesmpplauaeconstitn-.taryThe town has|beenfull of tales of scandal, recentlyhe could not have carried agentleman from Pennsylvania had aided In embar- The hsilot resulted as follows :the heart of thecountry, six paints below the bulb has been attained—brought but ttiree to the .field,and it feureignty,Slate. He was to this opposedsingle Southern cheating and Icingthat resolution. He now notice to Whole nomber of votes cast gave thaf Necessary to a choicecity;wliile at certainpointsin thethe Count These facts sbow theofdegree perfec-cheated. Whenever the Democrats would showrassinggentleman, and to the Republican side of the211 106tion to wldch fencing is taught tn Franco. Whenthewould elect aMr. AnairF, ofNew-Jerseyhad correctedthat'gentleman disclaimedspecifica-on their hands.firsa, neither to quit office nor to retiact what he has offi-Speaker.at a loss toer congealed in a sheet, but for two or tiiree small patches of tee which positively do not coneThere seems to have be.;nfor the gentleman from New-Jersey.Mr. Abbaih said, no doubt the substitatioB wouldMr. Staitop, of Ohio, (Rep.) said therewasnoob- jection on that side to meet all the questions.Mr. Snvass, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.) said the first question that could be taken was opon Ids qaestloa of orfler, and that no resolutions of any bind are In order until after the organization of the House. He could not agree 10 take the vote on all questions 1> the order In which they Maad, which w«uM be to OTcrride bisquestionAKMTIMTKUUIGENCE.Trial af Aray OfliceTe—latereatlnf Order.thus ais why the ice should thus eommenee to fwm Inbe angoes. [Laughter.]soainaAL no. 28. aaaaas,Wax DzrAalMxar. AsJUTAar-GinaAL'sIkeimprovementfar as personal appearanceMr. Davis would consider suoh sabstitution as dis- honoring himself.Mr. ASBAi!)anything oflensive by that remark. As long as he hadWaiBEioToa, following ordara,hopedgentleman did not intendMr. Davis hadthe Antl-Lecompton men would fake, founded onof order raised him.The American ladies, naturally moreling a suspension of the works at the Isthmus, at tiie avowed instance of England, places our Government in a very embarrassing situation. FoAn PasaA is encouraged by Sir Hnai Belwzx to remain andhisto these lent Intent imputed to him in the matter. 'Tne Court open sports than the French ladies, who have aas towhat had been said on the floor, and the gentlemanthe pubuc account," which was the fraudu-fromwith some rudeness. Asany intention of rudeness, of course he withdtewofficerand a under which the fentleman,"now something morenew chapel in the Rue dethey have organized a Fair for the sale of fancy arti- cles in aid of its fund. The sale will close this even-Mr. Sioxis said it was demonstrated with perfect clearness, that it is Impossible to elect a Democrat, even with the aid of the twenty-three votes of the Southern Opposition, and, therefore, it was not fair to ask for their votes.were not Abolitionists, and had nothing but scornare,and has been aTheyties to elect the gentleman from NorthCurtis,Tucker, Robert Walsh, Frankt^portuni- Carolina, Mr. GiLHia—an upright honorable Southern gentleman, the owner of slaves—and why did they not vote'lor him? Eight Democratic votes would hare madecome, aad probably not dnring the entire Congress. He had better permit a vote.Voicz—Tliat is, the majority must submit to the mi- nority.Mr. HicxaAii would not under any circumstances abate one jot er tittle of the ground he had taken.Mr. BixoHAa, of Ohio, (Rep.,) aaked if Mr. Cuaiwithout such expressions. But if are theyhim Speaker.Mr. Rust, of Arkansas,when he SaiaiiA!!said that saw tlilrteen men who had voted for Mr.fDem.,)voting for a Southern man, it was suflicient for himTrotter,Jamesto withhold his vote. Nodrive tiim into the ranks of theHe believed further, that if the Democrats voted for Mr. Giuux, those men would havevotes.see to say he would not go for the dissolution of the Union at all.Mr. Faio. Douslass tifother day, the Republicans would vote on his resolu-tion they would then vote on the plurality rule* V01C18—No, no.Mr. Claxx—I would make no arrangement withMr. Stoess read from his no'es thewould not dissolve the Union under any conceivableplacetben probably find (though tkey assign an excessiveMr. Stokjs said it was in )iis own Government, so long as It was his sentlmcnu it made norirculatioB of sentiments whichputinjeopardy thecharged withmeaning of which is understood to be, that the Pre-pluralityprovisotoofin this matter enforced by reason and authority, hai^ been repeatedly expounded in the General Orders of the Anry. As in War Department Orders Nos. 7 anii 6 of 1856, No. 5 of 1867, and No. 18, U^M.youin that of Paris is the most sensitive to thew as thektar the glorious tidings that there yst live in the the call for the prerloos qoastion, in order that he with the Republicans.Hgtth, aad la Massachusetts, men who are animated might more that amendment He called for tellersBefore a ballet waa proceeded with;say.that was what he intended toeveats.An American citizen was lately notified by theFrench military authorities that he must attend on a certain day at the office of the Prefect of the depart- ment In which he lived, to draw in the conscriptioncircumstancesMr. RoiT Inquired if that correction was in the gen-writing,suggested to Itand-writing, but lives of hisview of the matter, to-day prepares to give way withhimintotheEgyptianditch. Thebestinformeddiifereace whbsuggestedorwroteit HehadalreadysaidthatFaxn. DocsUBS was not a citizen.Mr. Rusr—Don't you know the fact that the firstthing the Black Republicans will do when they ob-people.ould do soit helpclusively under the 83d article of war, which pre- for seven years' military service. He naturally re-sisted the demand, and was arrested and carried'be- fore a military tribunal on the grave charges of re-fact Sir.to proceed t* a ballotMr. lIiciHAH, ofDem.,) said that he had given notice that he would106 106be framed under the various articlesmay of war,After Mr. Wisilov's niotlonthen the charge stated is useless to theand may be mischievous to the defence in mis-Pennsylvania,Anti-LecomptonThis showed therality rule, those voting tor the mainagainst It On thisApriate to the charge. A false certificate Is not a miere(rule as aballot and he hoped that the House would vote downof the House on question beingspecification, moreover, must be appro-was that there a moUon belag alreadyGAaiiXTT,;considerablehouseholds, Alds-de-Camp, ChaMbaiWH'jSltttt,ftMBce U Um MMbatKn of the proCto damif tte la«t Court, that anegroisnot aciti2en,'and hence could willing to meet anindignantpeople, here or elsewher^ eans] and as the impression is also gaining that thealready provided for, ab8 VzHoiz, the first of the- Emperor's household, andthe second of the Prin»nat occupy the Preaidentlal chair. Got.from thatindignationtakingdevelopments here have broken the Abolition upover them, he asked what would be theirBi-CODfreatmanJakssHdohis,ofIndiana, tioniftheUnionweredissolved? TheInstitutionof sbooldbemadetheHousemightdeUrminethatqua*- yieldinghungcondi-the Clyde.that Opposition would beMr. Sherman, ef Ohio, (Rep.,) plu. Mr. Hamilton, of Tezas, (D^n..)1C3 according to the indlcationa of thefight was over, it is leported that M. Dt GalutbiBuns,aa thehim, he thought,Theirhad had two1. It is not nccessaiy in military charges to allege " "political influence could Republican Party.to the best of hissuch ignorance and disregard of what he certified as made the certificate an act of bad faith ? In that find-ing of the specification, It sustains the charge. But are the Court negative the charge,'and therefore rejectHe understood theWould he oppose the inauguration ofgentlemanfromTeimes-the gentleman from Ohio.of negroesspoarefusal,gentlemanVirgipii^jplia- whatever that such actionMr. Datib, of Mississippi, was ready to assure thegentleman that If bis party would come over to theDemocracy, they would then be ready to unite and numbers. He intended to press it in every shape andover them a man who recommendsright to speak for the Anti-Lecomptea Democrats, or very foundatieofnhiosf this Government and at the per-rem.,)ofNew-York. TheSouththrew away thefr votes were Messrs. Adams and .An-pending. reportNew-Jersey, (Anti-Leeampton Dem.,) said the gentleman from Mississippi had nofrom the factthat,to snbstltule himself in the of one placesonal safety constituents. No man liad a right to preside over them who violates the ConstitutioB ofthe eeontiT. If the other side wanted to them come up and vote on his reselutioaDaVis, Maryland, Etherldge, Harris, of Maryland, Hatton, Mallory, Nelson, Quar es. Stakes, Webster, Gilmer and HIU.of them. would know where the Antl-Leeomptonmeaeed, and there has been no fall of tlieter—float down, covering nearly the whole sur&ceMALAKOFT. AFFAIRS Dl GREAT BRtTAIIf.The HouseDemocrats stood, when one of their own numberthermome-____^^_carcMIy avoided sayingof order.WAa DzaanHXXT. Dee. SI, ISSB.say any-—joint of the other protestchanged theirmagnifygo beyond thefacts,inwhich theyremark that hein which it could be reached, and he was left ta grope his way aa best he couM.Mr. CiAU said he was bound to preserve his self- respect and he could not permit a member of that body to preside over him who had recommended theto the motionand rule of law necessaryVirginia, (Dem.,)—If I luiow, the «crat,roseof the until The House adjourned at 5!^ o'clock. river,finally they catch in tuffieient quan-er should be elected, even daiteg theUeim of this en lire Congress, he would be willing to acquiesce in that determination of the majority, and he would.be as'torbe growing that this condition of things Is intimi-dadag the enemy, am', producing dismay on thehopeit was agraod that If Bowiua the question of the gentleman from Mlarisaippl was might assume. He declared ope^y that he meant to 30wer, laaiftaetesay tkati wdcM perjietaate dis- arrived at this VWrioctad Seaate Printer, Wxnau waa to 4o the hardly predicated on a suppoeable case. He thought bring atmut a ^Mudition of things, when the full re- card hare. CSaasatiaa.] But Sir, I aa iwwerleas to The steamer leftand if the Americaas unite with me in will be. If he has not already been, tendered by the Slavery was surrounded on one side by water and on tion as they detiSnnlned all questions. He had ao port of Mr. HaauTeir, I will vote for h'.m cheerfully.fietMeat the appotatacnt to' the racant Jadgeahip of the other bv the Free States, in most of which purpose to disguise, and only desired to. know, and Mr. LzACH-As i: has been intimated by AmericansAVVAIKS IN PRANCE. RISbtaafAnerteaaCltlseBelaParia—Ilk thegreatsuceesaoftbeseason.'erehewillacceptofit iftheUnionweredissolvedtheSlavewouldbefree majorityweredeterminedtaerganizeornotHewas fliewayofharmonizing.Iwillpullmyselfoutof A M)li Kceatly i^isdaced by Senator lAyi, proride* the moment he crossed Mason and Dixon's line, if perfectly willini to sit here from day to day If he that position. Believing that Mr. Hamilto.i Is a true fW (he acttleawnt of the Oregon and Washington that were the boundary, the North were between the could get enoagh to eat and he thought his friends mat, a native of my State and citizen of that State to wtf debt of 1815 and 18S8. According to the recom- South and Canada, and the eifecr of disunion would would not let him starve, till he could ascertain wkieh I look for cooperation in resisting the final ac- tlen—aresuHwhich I regard a? inevitable—and i>e- Uevlng that he possesses sufficient spirit and man-I ought to menttoo, in justice to both ^at parties,the wound of tbe Marquis de Gaiupxt, in the 'lata duel with tbe Count de LicxnroH, was not so seriboaquestionshould bare beenrefused,as Itmight be, ifpurebased the screwbeen a voteon hisHavre they have eighteen inches, and in the centre of France nearly as much. The Seine is frozen oyer atfairly, and.aotconnectionis madewithtbeshore. Thequery little floating patches, and not in a solid shoet fiom OtoreAB>»<ae5- HearyMr. STAsna was ta williagstyle, are a taken to the Ice in large numbers, but only in hand-The Suez Canal aSsir seems to have their occupiedresolution. TheHousehassleds invigoratinggreat the conduct of the Porte inagainstmanismistaken. Themotionwastoon ordtrand" tniiitory diicipUne,"important Berryvery productive one. I believe Ibargains.He wasthetine and manner—count was correct and true a laundressthananJeisey,; This appeal had the desired etfect. The gentle- wliUe Lord Jouii Rcssxll and Mr. MiuixaGBBtMl heat inan. who was a Louiblanian Creole, was acquitted the party who are ta favor of tbe former. The Poor- with an apology for tfae error—as In fact it was. Law Ministers, at whose head Mr. Vilukss has beea Prol. McCiiuavaB, of Columbia College, New- officially placed by Lord PAUoaarox in the brmatloaunless upon the House by the power ofScatteringThe Democrats voted for Mr.toand bloodshed for the Sooth, who would strike at theAmericans whopresiderapiaeas weby Majesty join regioMat Africa.VojcxB—No, no.Mr. Gaow, of Pennsylvania (Rep.) The gentle-"resolution,itlay your reso- upon the table, and that was defeated.them, ofThe War Department Is of opinion that 'these find-ings entitled the accused to an acquittal, andin legal effect, an acquittal, and therefore avoids and annuls Ibe sentence.:or "knowingly." A specifieation of fact is goodalleged, and are negatived by the Court in their verdict, then the inference from the fact fails, and the accused being acquitted of the intention, is acquitted of the offence. This Is certainly the legal efi'e^t and mean-ing of such What other was In tlie finding. meaningmind of the Court, is matter of doubt. They findthat the accused did not "ing, probably, that be did sot know the ccr- tificale was false. Then did he sign It in goodlutionMr. CLAsx^The non-slaveholders of the Southto theunder which they are not laid.help,cially done. The Grand Vizier latelyhough favorably disposed towards thiscouatry, (in which he long resided as Ambassador.) perceives the peril to be inmrred by seltiog at defiance t.'ie wholeof the Continentalhumoring Lord PALMiasTo-i for to this in effect it comes—notiody else appearing to care bow the point shall be finally determined, so It be determined peace- ably. ButLordPALHiasTORhasalwayshadasort of craze upon this subject Many of his colleagues have at various times pronounced the strongestions the other way, and it is inconceivable how Mr. GLAnsTCKS, Lord Jobh Russsll or Mr. MnxxK GiBsoii could assent to anything like threats of co- ercion being applied to the Ottoman Goveimaent to prevent the making of a great specniative work, which may never be completed, and wiileh, if Com- pleted, would, in the estimation of very competsntcontemptmythe lady patronessei. Madames N. Berry, John Blgelbw, Dr. S.—ontions areconduct unbecoming.4. -, . ,,,thatcould be. Be had ao fears ofthat particular shape, form and complexion, which aa i favor, or my people favor, is to be produced byfor now was to have the deter-' antecedents, aad to show that I held on the S2d of December.prevent an organisation and consequentThat was precisely his purpose, and ijler the previoustheelectionofaSpeakeris merelyapartandparcelahlpM^fat,pool, which was ahandoaed at sea.aese af Ex-Kiac JeraaM—Tkeatrieal.From Onr Own OorreipondentPaxis, Thniaday, Dec. 22, 18».If I say a word to-day in regard to the weather, it is because the cold lias acquired an intaosity whichdaring days, fight and tlie Marquis' was beat so tbat they bad to dent of the meastire now In progress at the Treasu- single Northern State ; and on the other hand, that If notice that he should press his resolution, that noCman I cast my vote for Mr. Hakiltos. [Applause on the the Fahrenheit scale has balanced between eighteen stop and go to a smith's Aop to straighten It They^idafiaa of the Military Commission, who spent twelii e BODths in the examination of the claims, tobe to bring Caaada so much nearer to the Fugitivewhether this determination of the South was to be preserved; and whether. If they cannot get a majorityIt was just serious enoagli toslave.State,He found the Democracy disagreeing in hiskoodtoresistanyaggressionuponthe ofhis rightsconstituency ; and for the purpose of producing har-mony in this movement t'oough I have no idea that it aikeat fire a4111oat. The bill is altogether Indepen- Popular Sovereignty, he could notjhave carried a Mr. Clasx, of Missouri, (Dem.,) said he had given will in any way check the progress of Abolirlonism,,',gmitd agalaat speenlationa,themoneyli proposedanddisagreeing here. It was said in Iheofthe infavorof peoplethe disorganizing legisla-disorganizing can get a majodty in favor ofUnion, theyorganise honestlyletMr.WinsiowassuredMr.HicniAjtthattlie timetobring in ills plurality rule had not yet arrived, and inhis judgment it would not arrive for a long time to that the acts were done maliciously," or willfully,":would for his sayside, thatoa Monday, er someMr. H1CKMA5—I ask neand will makenoPress, they declare that from the execution of tiiis martyr to a great cause, dates tbe overthrow either of Slavery or the American Union. Their wishes are naturally for the abolition of Slavery and the preser- vation of the Union. But they seem prepared forfind a that will pretext.pluralityresolution should come atup anybeing counted in the of a slcx soldier. 'The Courtpositionthe plu-leadingit.Mr.AsaAiv,of New-neglectduty.justthe time had arrived, in his opinion, wltea this House lags of the Court The Court everrullng the eicep- tims taken by the defence, admit fat the prosecationMr. GAaanr, of•ferate with the Democracy in the election of a tion of order, and said he would press it if the gentle- weary and restlasa under this protracted straggle. of forgery, in place of the voucher Uself, a copy and in electrical batteries. It has been shown to many of statistica to prove their President's case,—the object BVeaker against their common enemy, the Rapubii- man from Pennsylvania insisted on his proviso. His For five weeks he had uniformly east his vote for his one not proved. The Department desires It may be the scientific men of Paris, and naturally elicited being to make it appear that tbe numerical additieauaderstooil that necessary proofs, to be exhibited to a first choice for^peakcr, for an Anti-Lecompton Dem- on their surprise and admiration. The subject will soon to the constituencies, by(Dem.,) rase to aAatf-LMomplMitat hely the Deowcrats to elect a Botios to correct the Journal, and when that came choice. What he said oa this occasion was upoa hisMtakM Let tke Americans take the two next best up he Intended te move the previons qaesUon. He own rsspoBslbility, and without consultation with•eai aad ibe Anti-Lecomptonltes the remainder, and gave notice that whenever there waa a proposiUoa to any gentleman on that floor. It was apparentdMda the patronage between thera. So far as he was ballot, so long as he was able to maintain his seat he to him, and It seemed to him that it must Special Order No. I, from Head-quarters of ike world. It is believed to be from the pen of the author discuss the question in all Its details and coaaequcii. caBceinad, he waa wllliag this should be done, for the would endeavor to prevent the plurality rule from be apparent to the House, that no one party Army, dated Jan. 4, I860, directs Captain Nslso:i H. of the famoas pamphlet, Kapoleon III. and Italy, and ces. Hr. Nkvkabsch, the well-known actuary, puj- aake of organiiing and securing a naUonal Speaker. being cut oiTby the previous question. standing in opposition to the Itepubllcan Party could Davis, Second Infantry, now on leave of absence, to its statements will be regarded as foresiiadowing the iiahcd, some months ago, la the transactioBS of .tiieMr. Stoeis, of Tennessee, (Amer.,) spoke of the Mr. HorsTOST, of Alabama, (Dem.,) suggested that elect their particular favorite for Speaker. The Demo- repair to Jefferson Barrasks, Mo., and report for duty. basis of the settlement of the Romagna question, or, Statistical Society, a paper, in which he computed thatiiAe to show why the Southern opposition should co-Virginia,ques- ought to be organized. The country had beeoaae written statements not sworn to, aad. oa the question York, is now here, with his wonderful improvement of the Government are busily engaged in preparingrentalocrat. He would pursue that course five weeks longer be wocured by application to the Judge Advocate of come before the Academy of Sciences for examina- would be so great as to overwhelm tke veieea lloB they would act eOdeatly. He proposed that the Mr. Hionua said the pending question was bis if he supposed by doing so he could get his first the Army. JOHN B. FLOYD , Secretary ef War. tion aad discussion. of tbe upper and middle classes aUsgalhsr.pending,Conrts-Marlial, when file in the bureaus here, maysix-poundfranchise,•pnbUcani as a sectional party. He had doubU as if Ihe previous question were not sustained, it would cratic party, as they called themeives, had t>een bal- Upon opening of navigation in the Upper Mississippi in its wider sense, of the secular power of the Pope. the total addition to the borough franchisee by a six-ta the of the nationalityand it seamed to him River, he will join his Company at Fort Ripley, we are informed that the they could Minnesota. ATreadywould not exceedin HHd to sustain this opinion. He quoted the Wash. Mr. HicxiiA!! said It would enable him to get in his not now expect to be successful. On the other side, By Special Order No. 130, from Head-Quarters of tKe right off the people In the revolted district—a land and Wales. Bst his figures are now contestedDemocracy, and was pre- only postpone the ballot te the next legislative day. lotingfor fiveweeks,pamplilet supports pound rating list187,000Eng-JagtM «ot«« and Charleston Mn-cur*, Democratic motion, which was all he aaked now.Mr. HoDSTOH contended that it would whole subjectthe American party had been balloting for the same Department of the West, a General Court-Majtial is fact which would make us almost doubt that it pro- by Ihe Poor Law authorities , and, acconfisg to them> the length of time and had been unsuccessful and the appetated to meet at Fort Kearney Jan. Id, for trial of ceeded from the source indicated, since that source, the rental would treble. The existingM«n, in proof.r- "nJ* «' Southpostpone; such before them.slz-poundsnumber of voters in the larger townsticular pains to sift and compare vrith statementa,Carolina, (Dem.,) said this «« Boat eatra«adln»ry. The Mercury was not inAntl^Ltcompton Democrats,as is well is known,inspiredTuiieries. ButI have takenpar-Mr. Stamtoh, of Ohio, (Rep.,) thought the gentte- fWI Mlowshlp with the national Democru:y, though BDsn from Alabama was right.Richmond. Va., oa the momine of the 3d Instwas manifest they could not get their choice. By Special Order No. 116. Department of Texas, icy ol NaroLioH III., and it is not improbable that, and I think you will find tliat when each is debated iaIt eapreesed his sentiments. Mr. niciMAR thought it was as well tolb. 8*oaaa replied that the Democracy was spilt ballot until they could get tfae plurality rule adopted. must yield some of their peculiar opinions in order toRomagna' Partiamentthe Emperor has put forth tiiis pamphlet either as a and uncertain. I happen to hav^' had tile neaas ofaa| term into fragments. The Southern OpposiUon He wanted to fix the responsibility where It belonged, effect sn organization, he intended in good faith to *^ into Actions. They found themselves standing spectacle to be exhibited. he understood to be a aational man, a national Demfeeler or as a shaper of public opinioiK collating my own conclu8l»BS''with fliaae of Mr.between the North and South—a national Mr. conserva-a conservative and for none other would man,'oftiva party. They want a Union party, and stand here sentiments of a number of gentlemen on ttiis side of be vote under any circumstances. He presented theprevent anyCom, First Infantry, is extended six months. Q.with whom he had been proud to act, had also been balloting, and Itprisoners as may be broughtFirst Lieut. Ed. H. Dav, Ttdid Artillery, died atfrom theit is impossible to comprehend in advance the pol-veryeealan in the Soutltern Stataa. He had heard•(Kh doctnnea slace he came hare than ever be- to be adopted. I desire further to say to the gentleMn, and this came fiwm the Democratic side. The man from Pennsylvania, who wants to know how Bococz. Preparations for the Schiller Festival were ma)dng the Winter's season, would have been ruined, or at latter, it is thought will give another vote to the Op- *a«rtcans have twice placed Mr. Gnan In a'posi- long this side of the House, meaning the D3mocratic During the voting Mr. Puan said it was useless to among the German population at Rio and elsewhere. least obliged to make immense sacrifices. Tbe position. Lewes is a small seajiort town, very cor-t»4ay as Union men. There was a sentiment of le- the House, we will remain in session until the 4th of name of Asnazw J. HAHiLTOa, of Texas. [Ap- They contain little of interestmore March, 1661, sooner than allow the plurality rulethis resource. CertainMr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) withdrew Mr. northward, had not been brought houses, which have made Immense preparations for called) and in the representation of Lewes. Thespectacle to be exhibited to the indig-vote for Mr. HAaaroa,power— laughter}—untU tlia people of thewouldbetruesigaifica&ce-of this Black Republican organization, with whom thegeatlemaa and his associates afflUate. [ A|q>lanse.]Prince's residdnee.Thetri-eolorbut convictlaid,prejudict if goodhim,conductneededandlikely (0alfeeied by anyqther side of the House—[Laughter from the Republi- —exception of Mr. Abxaqi, and Mr. Claxx, of New- this point, andVmk, who voted for Mr. Ravaoue, (Antl-LecomptonDec.receiveii from the War De-tempera-31,pahUdbed for the information aad gov- :This case presents two points wUch the Depart-namesofHere they are Bigelow,allies of Tiirlrey for the sake of —ment desires f> have properly unde:stoOilfaith,sense of tbethat specification.and belief?or inBy order of the Secretary of War.£. COOPER, 'Adjutant-General. iSpecial Order*.There appears to-day, however, a pamphlet en- As the sounds of tbe altercaUon get overbtard titled Tike Pope end tkt Congritt, which Is looked by those who stand vrithout the argument is takea forward to with great curiosity by the political up in louder tones, and Ibe Press alieadyknoiringly" sign;mean-Warden, Dr. Beyiard, Thorndike. Jr„ Thompson,The French Press comment very generally on tke execution of Joaa Bmws, and in a tone little compli-knowledgementary to American pride.With the disposition to—a —accuracv neglect ef duty which is the second great*' —ascribes the of that oBence. On suchOmcx, I8MI.comnKnccment of tills Siberianprosecution,)theture the lakes of the Boisde Bologne have been tbe resort of the faskioaabls people and tbe idlers of the town, to see and to enjoy the skating. The Ameri-an indolent recreation, as fas removed from the{In view, then, of the furtlier fact that some leave of absence granted to Second Lieut. A. F. desirous of sustaining the people of the both will be ihrown aside as faliaeiaasFraa Rl* de Jaaetra.eaWaotebaie to the aid of the Demacrats, who were and to see how long the other side would allow this present a gentleman as candidate for Speaker whom TU IVPCROB AT TEC NOSTB—BD811II8S AT KIO— The dangerous indisposition of the Prince Jiaoai BziasT, respecting Msnchestey and other places ofTBI SCBILLH riSTlTAL.Our files from Rio de Janeiro extend to Nov. 17BoxATAXTi was the occasion of a great alarm to the importaace, and I find that they agree In arriving atThe visit of. the Emperor and his family at the crowd of who live plause.] to a close. peopleof Woods and (as it Is aow Wo^sparty,aidinghe did not think he would bethe organi-Mr.Newbyhas decided that it is l>etter,'•underthatonly tbe dark-blueseen,andthis beingtablished Church,Mr. Hicuut oMaiaed the floer amid great conlb- zation by voting for him. He had kaewa Mr. Gaaia existlag circumstances," not toMcQ*as!i.17th for Talcahuano.Qnotatlons of coflee were nominal. Sales on the;and it is somewhat remarkable that at biswho endorses the Mr. LsACB, of North Carolina, (Am.,) bad been The Fif/ing Ctcud sailed for New-York on the ISth. he should have passed safely through tbe disease, He and then a Whig. The post he held In thajld-BLATutT of assessed—in the SUte of Maryland isQoite a panic was created the third evening of the floating at half-mast over tbe Palais Royal, tbemlnlstratlonwill,it is thought be oflfered to/<)iie8tiQ]i.dlOcVaty asfkr'asPolitical, Conmureial ud Fiuseial In- ttUlgeBce.are thusobstacle in (he way ef harmonizing the discordant aftemoM of the 23d of December. 8be had on board jasty.whohaa an uncontrollable mania fortbewrlOncelements which prevail here. Wlwa I consider that the crew of tlie fromStJekasforLiver-ef dramas, has just fumtsfaed to the Porte »t. Maftin Theatre a piece entitled La Tireuse do Carlo. It laandno,he cared not what.in the Union at all hazards and to thelast extremity. there was a majority opposed to it, then it would be place my peofde beyond the preesure which now steamship Auttralasian for their fleet, which is being la the style of that theatre. To M. Mooonaan, a)i«, If the^ had difficulties-if gloomanddarknessnow timeenoughto consider whattheelfectofthatvole threatens their very existence, 1 am.contenttoac- aagmeatedbyeightnewhe would the Unionfurthermore never—dissolvewritiBg of the play, the Fnmu Adultire, which was signed by M.Dzsaxar,andhadagreatsoccesslastjtu, ALxzAanaa Di:vAa, Jr., has gone to Rome ta spendMia Winter, and to repose on the lanrels of the Pert Ptad- •e Cout of Claims, asd there la every reason to be- laws exist for the reclamation of Fugitive Slaves, and know officially, from the proceedings here, whether tlie aid American Bewsi>apers that I am the obstacle in The latcaae Cald at Paria—Winter Sraita— igue, which eontbiues its vogue at tlie OymmM^ aaMT kahae adraaeed, oa the grooad of nidation of a4>>niii iiiDl fall to gire the coastdermtien fornever, forlegislation.never— anything, [Applause.) He was for stayingof that finaltry, and which I look to as the final action wliich Is to;sup-qneslion that is to come before the coun-however, as theaeca, one of the most prolific fabricants of tbe drate*Tbe Cuaaid Company have steaB8rs,B0wbHilding uponplayed,productionofM. ViCtOB S»-entitlesittothedignityofanevent Forfive"14 AtParisthereishutalightlayerofmow,whileat oldduelist,whowaspresentasompire,"shouldhave:Thederson,ofof iKentacky, Brabsan, Briggs, Bristow, tnm any break-up—since the cold has just oom- poerrdoerr,edand hias Lieutenatnot of htibae Spabis, hIans beeacaas,EngiUh,Rusilaas have carried off'airV explain.efliict that .W.a process which scientific men areand theinWm. Borel, Cruger, George Cranch, J. B. D.T. N. Dale, Depau, Dr. T. W. Evans, Dr. T. S. Evans, Fagnani, George W. Giles, J. W. Giles, Jules Glaenzer,E. Green, H. Hutchinson, Hutton, Jones, Dr. Main, W. T. Moore, Edward Pepper, Wright Post, James Phalen, George T. RIcharJs, Sargent Shapiey, Kennedy, Smith, W. H. Townsend, Hon.give youfirstnotice ot ttiis Fair the"Gentlemen' yeu have committed a most grave errorinarrestingmyclient. Heisnotonlyacitizen, but waa born a citizen of the (^vemment which ofail others with the most and the most protects energyjealousy its su&jects. whether in Europe or elsewhere,whether be full or only subjects. I warn they partialkeptpre- year.surfaceofthewaterisnev. dayssomegnmod learn to-day, Marquis, who is an ordoanance officer of the Em-tbeall the honors in this healthfal exercise. The cliam-for boapitaliOes at•elrcommercial world of Paris, since the death of theEmperor's uncle would have stopped all the courtfestivities for the season, and thrown out of employ a which took place on Saturday, creates a vacancy InuponPrince's disease was acians were MHsrs. Ratsx, CacvziLHizx and Hzlisco,the Departmentwas to beAdeai Bedt, mistaken for black, gave rise to the iapert la ques- malicious inventions, but several others to be buVtoopubliahJkaasr, a St^utL We see that Mr. Newby announces tiaa. Under aay drcumsiaaoea the black flag, which weU founded ta fact We haveflsandal affairs. To obviate thispossible, tbe Emperor favors all plans by which aa in-crease of their income Is to be attained, botthere tp little honorable that it is a w«d-der thenomination and election of tbeae peraoae as Oie Gev-erameat candidates to the Leglslstnre aad the Ceaa- clls-Genersl of the Departments.veryportioB of the oOeanof{be Mastei»dr(fcaHorse, etc.,two more, M. na CLziitoaT Tanaixa nUl M. tat-elc.,as at first reportedrender the chances unequal between the adversaries, and make it the dDty of the seconds to declxie ibe eombat at an end. Thethe Count's swoid was broken in two tbe-;replied to this remark of the Mairjuishas been conducted honorabiv, and if it Is to raeom- meoce you will have to take me." Reports, bow- ever, have continued lo eirrulate to theai GAUJrxT was not satisfied, and that another flgbt wasfor tiltstheThe meetings of the Cabinet have beessispaiiil Minister^subjects less of a sunk pur- sue a course of policy that neither Prussia nor Piedmont can support and tbat drives France and.as close as those of theirbedecessors on the same subjectA warm controversy is going on within the wails of Downing-street as te wbctiier tbe suffrage In towns shall be fixed at £0 annual value, or at £3 rating to the relief of tbe poor, which in most towns would be higher than an £S reotaL Hon. Cbaxlis VoLiaas and Sir Chab. Wood are understood to advocate tiie lattermuch more moderate resulti.The death of the Right Hononbla Himv Frzmt,retained his after he became first a Peel- positionEs- some of which have been found to beSir, the fighttopics. ThePowersforcibly compel-appointed,c^in-tbe; aSllatloa between the 8«ath*ra Oppoeiuonista aad cMr. STAaTOR sagtested that Ui* only elTect of Tetingfar years.Mr. Piaa-Held, hold.Honaty it the Bttt Toiicy, in two voluaes.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069is oaiy astd by pirates, wasld not be hoisted to sig-Untitled Documentnow a case of a dif- ferent sort that attracts much curiosity and inJlgaa-www.fultonhistory.com 