 THB tATB M17BDBK AT KBW-t^l^TH.ja^itm^^miB^ 0m& mm^iU'i^iKi>«cn:ireT BCSPXCTEDSan deceasedwas ;Eenlenced imprisonedtoa be pay B'naf dollarandto"*had tlien flown. When ths"'.which leavesps'ew-York about tiiree, or aquarter e,intheafternoon,butcaimotexactlytell; thinkor rar xtoOktry IfoiUCROEBEft ISOAPSS (O THI MOnf-aad the Conrt in conslop.ratlan_or the proToanSoB In bad reoetred,TAINS—THI TKSTIMORT fktVS BEIOBC' TWB SaJfti;iST^iL and thsl he was goiogSauri Attorney.COilONKE.1iieezc1tetD«Iit attending \tw murde;- and r«l>-jrUlJnje home by seven o'clock;mft^ deceased saUU*mm^- 1 talked vntlh deceased (br abont fifteen mlaat^ tietr of J. O. CkKUM, at SHt New-York, on Mond«r 'S&mI lefti deceased remained when I leTtNo. ai2 Divisiona*eet, kept by Fredericknlgkt Int, hsi rather fauieaMl tbaa dunlBifbed br SSlotwtbpremises. An «iann was given, and uponnaent (tevrtepmeati. Hie(romtbe firtt, poldtd'^Qy^ rtrengly tow»Tds aTW^ftvanuoned'ifQaxPB t.»M«»aii «« theall efforts'aC tba raltee 4o-t.rrest him have thos far|K^3lS?%Mney%l looad itithe ftleafc of the acmmjJ.colflMiiBd'Wtth the ineffldeBey of par- aon* who lam bren necessarily hit/Qsted with the«BBC«ioii of awne-oftta^lans laid for hia arrest.T^BSSpS'' s itt._4)een thwarted,tbronghthe-coanlTanceof''^'~' fcj*" 'wjjtlosBaiKBAHcommittedthemto pending prison,aaSallaats. Foe this awtrant waa teaed ;fbr hi! arre8ti*ut never waa ttrmd, althoofh <tterenponl^'«agerju3& llial algw ; lamhart. wtwa to lafuig tlie door opea it was found that a fire b vi I fetDdlsd in four dlfferedt places. The matter atwooe brought «o tne notice of the Fire Marshal.caused the arrest of Ffeund and his wife, andV, who aasuivd themibat he wasaotd them to desist, as their presahrM- «itaiMiy"iignre awoasan to the jionse who «—* > ba oagdted. They neglected to search tkalJoim Spears, sworn—Reslues at^ew Lottstakes hishaving inaugurated a great taste for the French three- ball carom game of billiards. He gave his last exhi- bition in New-York at PaxxAn's, on Saturday even- ing, and excelled himself in the brilliancy of Us fancy and massi shots, before a audience. HeIsa far- saw deceased at -Bhrmt .10 oainutes t>eibr« 8 o'- clock Monday night last, -in J. Tlerney.'s store ; did not see him snow any money ; at about 10 minutes to 8 o'clock tie left ; left myselt at about 9; saw two men In the store who looked Uke father and son ; they ap- peared sober; did not see them drink; they left the store about an hour before deceased ; have not seen them since, but think I ^would know tbe eldest if IIs son of the;Jiard-player^lepartureto-day,mer;could see him again. Tiiomiu T:trney sworn—largehis twenty-fifth even game with professional players,by beating Br. WHirr 58 in 100. His victories over—— professionals whom he has beaten every game have;Gestlihis: Before leaving the Imperial City, I beg-of you to receive the thanks which, n'om the bottomof my heart, I give you for your brotherly hospitality since my arrival. I thank the gentlemen of the Pressof saw him last In the store,atabouthalf-pastseveno'clockonMonday evening ; he staid there about an hour ; saw two straiigers come in, but they did not speak to deceased ; they called tor bread and cheese, which they ate in the store ; they left befoi'e deceased ; how loag I can- not say ; changed a dollar bill for deceased, when de- ceased remarked that he had some more left ; de- ceased was not in liquor ; should know the two menthe store, and knows deceased-averaged-the first train to. Brooklyn passes Cyoress Hills depot at six - o'clock A. M. ; Lambert left in a hurry, but not in . time for the first train ; the muss was a charge of cut- ting somefcody with a knife i Lambert had worked with Mr. Collyer for a few days about three months.ago;Tiemey'svest be usually wore, and put on a good vesttha.djstance from Collyer's bouse tostuie is about one-fourth of a mile—from my house, about ihiee.-quarArs of a mile ; I saw another knife with Lambert; it had a white handle and a long blade.THZ rOST-UOBTEX EXAllIlrATION.Oeorge H,.Ki99atn, M. D., sworn—Hade an examin-overtke posterior part of the skuU ; beneath theseationofdeceased first madean ;gatltypar1r< ^';proprietorand bis victories in 21 dis-if Fshooid see them again, but have never seen them for their generous assistance, and the gentle-before.Sarah Van Sice sworn—I was at home lastmen whose daily visits have encouraged me. I also warmly thank the celebrated Professors of Bil-evening, at Cypress Hillsself, my husband, my daughter and Joseph Lambert, a boarder ; we had tea about seven o'clock ; all the— estofallofthem,Mr.Phslan bywhomIhavebeen;family were preseiu at the meal, except Lambert went to bed about eight o'clock ; my husband went to bed before me ; Lambect, who had gone out, returned about twenty minu'Les to nine ; was told this by a rel- ative next morning i saw Lambert that morning about aix o'clock ; have not seen tiim since ; he had nothing with him ; he had not been at wosk for about a month or two previously ; tke wee not in the habit of getting up very early ; got up on the morning in question a little earlier than usual ; he uaed to pay his board every week ; previous to tlie occurrence he had not paid his t)oard for tiu-ee weeks, -but he paid it the momingheleft; wasnotpresent,anddonotknow it of my own knowledge ; never knew that he was abouttoleavethehousetill hetoldmyhusbandsoMonday my family consisted of my-—andliards of tbe United States especially the great-not there whisnIwL •< <Mi H miEht have been ten minutes beforebW aCliard laberreceived as a brother. I feel especially grateful forthe chivalrous self-denial exliibited by the Americanplayers, for laying aside their pride, by playing with me my own game, on my own table, for my special ben- efit. Gentlemen,IshalleverconsidermyvisittoNew- York as among the most delightfal moments of my life ; and I now bid you farewell for the present, ex- pecting to pay you one more visit before taking my departure for my native land.Board of Caktassers.—^This Board was insession a portion of the day on Saturday, but nothing ofinteresttranspired. TheantinipaAedcontestabout thereturnsoftheFirstWardwasdisposedofbyaffi- davits, which settled tbe dispute to the satisfaction of the Board. The Twelfth Ward was canvassed and found to be all correct. Ditto the Nineteenth W^d, with the exception of the First District, which was laid over on account of the protest of Dknnis McCabx, IleDUblican candidate for the Assembly, which protest was made the special order for to-day at 12 o'clock. The grounds of the protest are that the returns are certified by only two Canvassers instead of three, as the law requires. In the Eighteenth Ward no errors of importance were discovered, but the returns of the Eleventh District could not be found, and are supposed to have been accidentally mislaid. The luspeclors of the Third, Eleventh and Twelfth Districts of this Ward alFO failed to return the poll books to the. Board, and the Comptroller was notified to withhold payment until the returns were made. Some slight corrections were made in the returns from tiie Second, Third, Fifth and Eighth Wards, and the Sevceth Dis- trict of the Fourth, after which the Board adjourned till 10 o'clock this moming. The Twentieth, 'Twenty- first and Twenty-second Wards only remain to be canvassed.A Mam Shot without Cause—Unfortunate CuaioBiTT.—Yesterday moming, about 3 o'clock, a young man named Tbohas Bckki, having been at- tracted by the noise and laughter within the lager- bier saloon of Ciiribtiaa Hxtuan, No. 249 Delancey- street, stopped at the window and looked in to gratify his curiosity as to its cause. Hitmaiv saw him, and oonsideribg him to be an Impertinent Intruder, he pro- cured a pistol, without informing any one of his in- tention, and fired. The weapon was loaded with buckshoU several of which lodged in Bu&xa's face and head, producing wounds which it is thought he cannot stirvive. Hithav was arrested, soon after- wards,byOfficerWnsoN,oftheEleventhWard,andexamination of thehead,anddisooveredsixorsevenlaceratedwounds havingbeentakenbeforeJusticeBaisNAX.attheEs-he badno breakfastat the house that moming ; asked him it he was going to have break- fast, and he said " No ;" saw him once have a knife with a long blade and a spring at the back ; he left a vest and valise at the bouse ; on tbe day previous he had taken away some «ther clothes to have ttiem washed. [Veat produced.] This is the vest he left when he went away ; he said be was coming back on Saturday ; don't know tliat he ever worked for Mr.Collyer.JoJm Van Sice, swom—I iive at Cypress Hills ; Lam-bert paid me a five dollar gold mece and fifty cents in silver before going away on Tuesday morning ; he owed three weeks' board, less by some little jobs he did for me ; when be left the house he turned down towards the railroad ; said he was going to New- York ; took nothing with him except what he had on bis back ; saw a knife with five blades with him ; it was a large-sized penknife i went to Latnbert's room ea(ly on Tuesday moming, tiecause sister-in-law told me he wanted to see me before I went to work Lam-;bert said he had been to a lawy«r about the muss he bad at Woodmfi's old house, and he told him he had better settle it or go away for some days, (a stab- bing ai&my ;) 1 advised him to leave as soon as he cotild ; said he would ; got up, dressed himself, and vent otrt, saying he'd be back on Saturday ; left the;tliat morning;;wounds was a comminuted fracture of thepart uf the skull exioudini; over about one-third of thewbole^ull, there were also two longitudinal frac-tures, extending along the base of the parietal bonesas tar as.-he o» /ronru, or foreheadthe scalp, I ibink.iseven in number, measured fromtwo to 611 inches ic length ; they were directly overthescalof fracture; the substance of the brain wasbroken up ; these were lacerated and cjulused to I am not come toposteriorthe wounds inwounds.; the -edges oi the wounds would show that destroy the law or the prophetsthey were inaictcd by a dull or blunt Instrument the destroy, but to fulfill." Thought would natnraliyturn to the destruction which is taacled to threaten the t nion. and thus Dr. Chapis treated the sjbjectTheinjuries about the face were some contusions upon the jjght cheek, a contused wound^^ "• '"= °^*^^ fk''^-'?^'^ , angle .of ihe right eye ; the glotic of the right eye was ruo-Lnlon, if founded in truth, cemented in truth,"'}^ 5em the anterior portion of the neckthe lie truth, cannotoverthrown. Notliingturedaide, hetnieen the angle of the lower jaw and.eaUed the jidam's apple, ortra>-,hea, there was a punc- tured wound one inch in length, two inches deep di- jecUon obliiiuely downwards, inwards and forwards dividing the sub-maxillary giand and entering the' larynx; thereweretlircesuperficiallaceratedwcmndsservjuRnot founded in tnith can stand.;over lb»Anletlor aspect of the neck,on the leTt what iscanNothingthus foundedthese wounds were(he WMSdon tbe side of the neck, they seem to have_B"ril~l. Hedim.£artila(«isuperficial,butlike(,,beenmadabfacatting instrument,thoughmore gadia appesimnce : these were all the wounds thatthe wounds on thO! skull were suAeleat to produce immediate death, under any cix- cumstsBces. (The grew knife produced, clotted with blood, and a quanti^ of hair adhering to it.) Such an instrument Is cMft^lB of iniUcting eonsiderable dam- age, but not of doing SQcta terrible injury as the liead the blade could not have produced the clean cuts I hare referred to ; I wa< as- sisted In the voat mortem by my son. Dr. George Kis-Bsm.This testimony was corroborated by Dr, George lUa-sam.T, Van Wyck swom—Resides on the plank-road op-3, Discharged, cured or relieved ii Died 2Remaining at daf^ 175Males, 231; females, ai.Dr. Cheeter's Culrcii a.nd British Aid.—nave been dlseovered;;of the deceased exhibitedhas caused so much trouble in Dr.relative to the sending to England and SooUand for aid in the Anti-Slavery cause, and that of the Church of the Puritans, having expired, a meeting was called on Saturday night, in the lecture-room of that churchforfurtherproceedtags. Dr.CbkvmbeingabsentIn England, a motion to adjoum indefinitely was pro-;pertinent allusion to tbe fears which are entertained of the threatened destruction of tbe Union. The textover the cricoidHospital—Weekly report to Nov.jag-whShe eame In he said he did art1cook on board the on bis ownreeognisaacaintbs. Enrique discharged of the Districtatorelfowlir >l4M at 7 o>ek>okthei*, the deceased. Spears, TaaWy* rind Oi do'^Hremember of any one elee,«zoeptXrimes Shuteri. reaalned there abont tweuty nlnnwa; was getting Mme graceries at the counter ; heard Lambert call•Bsamnlnation. When the accu'cd were first seen alter the discovery of thefire both were fully dressed, and •each had about iheir persons jewelry, clotniug Slid other articles, which it does not ^eem likely that•liAiimaneKaed for a*jw months »n the armr, tu»d•waaMberated*shorttjtneagothroog*theiaflu«)nce Recessed,andsayhewaatedtaspe^tohim,butdoat tlieywouldhavebeenabletosavewithouthavingbad•t areUtl*a;«kutnottaprovedl.yipUne. In Best NeW-¥oik he waseiaploywlTor^a a watchaan, by 'toe Jamaica nai*»r«d Compa- -By,q>eiKl^ Ws'»oney freely, wHen he had any, atthe backceunteraargroceiystoreain thaaelghborhood."hissaw aooe Company, and at the time of Ills arrest he hadIMcle Saas dlacl-;beaid L«nt>eiit -sav be waoAed toa time;deer^ased ^sald,Tads dent ;property Intureu lor $iOO In the Wali-street ln«ur-know what ha saidke bone by T oHslodtlook like 1t-^;«a will tare to be of pretty soon deceased pull his watch oat ta see what o^cleok it was, and saw I.asnl>a(t loak at'it j'don't know wtiethersatple time in which to them Freund hal pack up.it vns agaM«r ailvaff watch; ^mbert ttMa «tarteii;0ie policy with him.A OBAZT DISUKIOMIST.On Saturday moming. Officer Phillips, of the Sec-for borne, tkcough ttie back doorI thea took my gr»-A ahort time befcifs the morderte had -a qaarrel w(tk 'oarles and went home decoased was in tin store ond Ward, found it ueces.^ary to arrest a young wo- ;two Iri«teien,'Wa3ch ended to a igiit,*LA«BMi sa*«8 w4>en I tett ; did aot see him have any moaey ; heard man whose strange antics in Fulton-street showed 'hlmad/ from aerere pnalafcmaat hry asing a dfafc-halfeaobody adk htm (or a'kianof money.^Tmimnty o/Jtenty Lantitrt, rrand/atker ef J»tefklLamtert~l restdent Yorktown, in Westctealer Coun-plainly that she was Insane. She was neatly dressed, the otily remarkable thing about her being her bonnet,attached a red flagwaa ao want '«ropportaaMy*odo«o. Ontheoiehtaf last tiftie 1 saw him'was on Thursday night ; was not geometrical figures worked in black. As she walkedthe mardirlfc was In Ttamar'a atoro, where Ceuna close anuwrh 'to ^peak to tiim; think tae came to aiyaside, and. «ideaTor«d tobomnr maney of mat. Ba Thursday den't think he workei: toanyvtteatboys,she 'favored a dissolution of Ihe Union, besides ex- pressing her views on other political topics. The oSSrBut it appanrt that )ie ^<^ act go there at>that tine,before he left ..he was sitting In the room when I went to bedi don't think it was as late as eightwhom vhe stated that her name was Jane Doe; thatit iB knownm^zact Vmr. he reaeiied his bwrjdhng-lanue'i* not ^pesi- 'Itrely knvwn, batitwasbet«a)eneandU<)>eiook,'P. M.The ba£y bad beenln bed and aaleap before ha ar- ilTcd, atd tlielr UMa as to-ttie time is not««iy daAnlte.aaed amlelt her home in New-Halnyshlre toMartadinthatdiraotion. Thetboogb o'clockrecentlyon an extendedHiiaili i>-<*6Krtr^aaeai£„ tiM other charge against him be woaid go back toM:Hia.L. 'ffliebut he wouldwhere hepoUoe, anderstaadlBc |«lianeter-«f.tpiairtta,eanekided«bat he-M^! >IiaBg Island on the roadwould doneither,staywas.ty;knoFwa perMniamed Jcseph Lambert jtUnk thetlaough the stscets, followed by a crowd of hooting. promlaed <«e te In hie 'boai>dSiig.|iauM attkat hoot. 'd««>t knowwhere he went to ; aid aat spe<^ to hhn cer conducted the poor creature to Jusiice Wxua, towaa last OB*^ alive. 'He ooonreraed with dcoeased houac on Wednesday moraing, and staid «lt nightstayedileft the "Mbre at abo«it7o<elack, aaylagDMheJiad wUtt me tUl ilbont seyen o Ciock Tharsday erealag ;'waridng;;he -waa^about tlae farm, where the aiea wareshe endeavored to them the reasons why give: felt 'Mnwell aod went to bed ezpecthlBWrtjen I saw him on Wednesday i think he was at my house about three montlH prerloasty ; did«>ot ask lias 'What brought him there ^ ttwoght it waa on a visit, as on a pcevTous occastos; be said be had got linto <a scrape here with a man on the road, and that his friends had advised him to keep away till he 'could settle it; did not ask him paitlcalars; did not hear him say, at that time, to any persoa, wkat caused 'him to come there ; at another ame I said ts him :tour, andthat tiie"The officers were here lasttt was about the middle of the day I saw him ; under- ) stood him to say that he arrived at the village the evening before (Tuesday) and staid there all night; it was on the following day he came to my house;ttmmtmrvmaaKrpawaanbaiaeCaroiMiWses,baatiofupon don'trememberwhetherIsawhimornotyesterdiw,Ma«aiB^ Tka jniy on Satorday last sidjoomed until wednei^T next:THK TS8TBI0RT.The jnry impanneled by Coroner Woos is com-poaedafithe(oUowingnamed-persons:. John J>enton, Peter De Bevois, Jacob Denton. C.S.J>e Bewois, John Be Bevols, Herman Bacchus, Joseph D« TouBg, Hewlett Hendrichson, G. U. Bedfieid.DteMct-AttMney Aaimaaniwi has, fsr the most parti ttastn<inestionedthewitnesses.but it I did it must have been somewhere about Mr. P^mer's woods, with a gun in bis hand, as if out shooting ; did not see Joseph Laml>ert with onenow I desire to tell the truth tola officer Frost if I could have caught him. I would havebroughthimalongwithme; butonTuesday, be the weather hotor cold, if I can only arrange that other difficulty, I will have 1dm here ; and if he is gailty, let him be ptinished ; he said there was a re- ward of SStM effered, and -that If they would give him%iO he would give himself up, and let the $20U go. TotheCoroner—1 iKvertoldtheofficerthatifhe TimaUtf-McCttbt,sworn—WaaatTiemey'sstoreon -wofildgivemetherewud,Iwouldhavehimarrest-penny about him:;Ied that is not the way I make my money.; ; — saw;Monday evening five or six persons were thereknow a nun named Lambert, but not before to-day he was present, drinking ; Tom Seymor, Mi. Greeneand Br. Spears were dHnkiog also ; Mr. Collyer was tiiere ; Collyer treated ; I called for a glass of t>eer, and was|)aying for it, but 'Br. Collyer said, *'No,-l aay as well pay for that as well as the rest ;" there was dice throwing about iialf an hour alter this ; Lambert stood behind Be Collyer all ihe time ; Coll-jer palled oat a bill, 41 or |Q, and the boy said liehadnt tne change ; Lambert said he would change it,'and Collyer said he had money enough to pay for bisown drink, without cbanglag ; he put the bill backIntoIds'poeket; waspresentwhenCollyerwentoutjbat left Tiemey's t>efoi« I^amhert ; saw two half-dol-lars in silver witn Lambert ; he wore a black coat andcap, bat didnt notice his vest or pants ; it was about I understood there was a reward of $250, and that if Ihalf- past d^t o'clock when Collyer left Tiemey's ; Lambeit called Collyer aside ; cant say whether to ask the loan of tlO br not ; Collyer said he was soing home then to take some medicine, and bid them all good night ; at the time Collyer put the roll back into blapacketatTiemey'B,Ilb<ughVltwasmoney; don't know where Lambert -is -at presentcould get it I would give up the boy ; but if I did say so it must have been In fun.GEITERAL CITY NEWS.—M. Bbrger's Farewell. This celebrated bil-for Boston; amnethlng awav in a white pitcher (beer.)Collyer took;;To a Juror Never lent Joseph any monevhim with a silver watch, with a black ribtwn atuched, but not a chain ; heard another of my grandsons say he had seen it on the occasion of Joe's former visit, that it was a nice watch, but did not examine it my- self ; the last time Joe came up, my other grandson*'Joe has his watch ;" heard him askedobserved thatthe time of day several times, and heard him say the watch was right by New-York time.To the Coroner—Joe never asked me to say nothing about the watch ; never knew there was a reward ; if I ever said I would give him up far the reward I musthavesaidsoInaloosewayoftalking; don'tremem- ber ever having said «o ; if I did I must have forgot- ten ; think I might have said to Constable Maimy that56 points in 100 countgameswithamateurshaveaveraged70points in 100. He made the iollawing speech, and was greatly applauded :sex Market Police Court, he was committed to awaitthe result of the injurieshe had caused. He is a na-» of tive of Germany, yean age.Bet. De. Chapin on ihe Usiok.—In his ser-a>on of Dr. CaApra made brief but yesterday momingw as from Matthew v. 17:" Think not that I am comefall, and all trials are only processes of fulfill-ment, not of iie.sti uct^on. Dr. Chapih thinks that Lib-erty 18 w-orth all it costj. and that we must expectinais anu earthnuiike -shocks, since the millenium hasnot yet come. New-York16.1660:Remaining onlNov. 9 Admitted to Nov. leThe six months' adjournment of thehome Lambert ;,;early{ did notlecturinglooklag for you arc accused of killing i man ;" he i0d to be taken by surprise, and said he had heardig of it, and that be was aetgnilty of the of- ple. The conductor, Mr. T. S. Lewis, informed Saud--intK ; told him if there was aay sucb charge against ers of the fact, and told him that he must either get] it^iiiiu iai iimmfc' 'B5, not to be staying there ; be said if it were not for off -or ride on tbe front platform. He said that he~"ni^ht,West Broadway, which happened to be— Joeone dedicated exclusively by the Company to the use of white peo-*boat on Saturday; this was in answer to a question 'he put to me shortly after coming to the house as to td trma aaarehing the house lor Mm baw long he Intended to stay ; don't know where he isnow, but suppose he is waiting somewhere in tbe -naiahborbood, till I return to ascertain whether the edKi business has been settled or not ; when he came .^ ttiere he had on a black coat and pantaloons and a t tkat tiiM. The oaoen of this city, aoaa; dark vest ; did not examine it; think lie had on a[WlMt flwir Stag Sing irlusls had done, laM Mask hat—something like this <helding up a lo ' - •trad to the idace, sad earched.tkar? «rs»Bedblackfelthat); ttdnkhesaidbecameupbythe^-'fymmiVSMSitinWestc^eaterwftor place. They Tisitedbojawaald cetne to Long Island SBd give himself up an ers by force, resisted,'4lrt*iBed the aid of some 'I 8Ug to keev a lookouttbe charge of murdersad get Uie other afi^air settledhlBi In the wagon to the vlilage, so as to meet the him to answer a charge of assault and battery. He~ ";did visit -the hoi Wednaaday nlght,i«nd theopeaia,stated, in extenuation of his conduct, that his employ- er had sent him on an errand of importance, and that he had no time to wait for the colored peotile's car._^ ctto the booaa white he waiithaea^.•get but the latter andit became hewantedmetocomehome necessarytocallanofficer,whoarresiedhiui. The:question which Cukever's churchplayedon,,hive to go, too. very soon : Lamoert then wMc^ tMli«rlsiog from the lager-Mer saloon in the b:ise-the englBe- house, where I stayed for of suipiclon ba«, ^a • did aot go twck ; did not tee deceased wlwife,Germans,sleptin.Iknijatllile frooeadtafk oeeai k/ttiB «>derstood tkat no ti ^Uatte maiter «ata the mom of \Ititf JOS BIS -WITE AMMXBttD FOK .kSSON.Kutlovelock on Saturday morning smoke waseight or nine inches l-ju, whereopoo Ifortaa drew his Eheath-kjiifemd sr^bS thaaaipKto bi tte leg.Wijpfand Uswhoto which she hadcovered withshe hadengagepresent political aspect of the country was to bo her theme. She offered t* present her views on sejessiou and kindred topics then and there to the magistrate, but be did not nave time to listen, and she waa sent to the Lunatic Asylum.IS THE WHITE FOLKS' CAB.On -Saturday morning Charles ganders, a young colored man, got into a Sixth-avenue railroad car, inhe sent word by ene of thethat if he could the other affair settled, he Consequently, the conductor attempted to eject Sand-;wanted me to take prisoner waa taken before Justice WiLse. who hel-i;Untitled DocumentThejttiy buMo tne prisouui taili* ,~ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 