 <itduet jQspicioDhis wife's sickness excites: our City Bailroad schemes —a fine set of teeth.tnt.-)to Virginiaforpossessingpopulation. breathed the invigoratingEastern air ofAugusts>-'cent, on some of the Bailway Shares followed late in the afternoon.years,com- yond the line of the City limMa,asthatooontryharse everpoeseaaiiriu^orswould around the of the lands themselves. It would be unjust and op- pass;'icompelledhu^ands1coverthe cars overhang them on either sidehaveOov.thoughtthecoohiess, and pertinacity,teedom bam tte da.IFortunately, however,purchaselandstlicy—Themistake> when it asseits that the New-Tark^^^B,,|HiilifcrTw«tl>«lMM. Atf and a reaction of i^l ^The market closed unsettled. Exchange firmer hearing;public opinion,ssen in this*7^|£i MUiiement of the clrculaUonoAhe inquiredvictiB.—The heira of the late Arananra E. J^tarof Philsdelphis, have performed ao act vrfai^ i» very ezttaocdiaaiy in these dB.ys of contastsd wills. They have written a letter to Dr. I.»i_'^li»k»t jjaabggt imperaUrewhichof The man^taM^tioBwe are inclined to think the Legis- lature has done the City more good than harmtures ofA. E. K. J.UooBB. Itiaa.^idKaWMftnati.lopiesevening, in the Church of the Puritans, by Rev.country ours,discussion goes on tnces- thespecially representthe prewint moment so rapia »» totakingtheir fustian for the^1^^ dlflyj„^gili moment. Announcementafioanoialitsit ought to- belong to the City. The Stateought to give it to the Corporation. But, onfor-„,i(,V the office befofe the adf^ntaaeeVlaim.BeyondSetacaa^which fiul to nine o'clock P. M., loae aUlaypeople'sCityhas ato right paveits streetsof their notic«».JMiiiiiala iH«»Tr»lBt OTWraiO—IPninun.|jlevy uponCityaiga»- A. Jtmvr, and Olaba generous act and a good «««~^how accurately the policy of the Frenchwas to be they were, in all,from them less than a thousand; that.fast on the axles, slide andbyequity and economy require it to be adjusted tions." It is not exactly clear wiiat the gentle ob-rnvtCbjfinperorthroughoutvote. The occupation of Central Italy by the »r-nies of HnrfliT>i« has been completed, divisiom ofapprehendedofwhomnotfifty were fightmg-me»; that th^ ii„^n«„ >,p igrind upon—andfirst thethe territory, and then we have tlwand thecontroversy,everybroke upon Hr, Babnbs,save in gentle undola-is porsned;troopsflangefriction iaalsogreatlycOtB^ whose q>pointment as General-in-Chief of raise theappreci-more elastic and steady thaa a city carparty.th*Papalattract the bulk ofservice, less, (lie fare could always be kept loaaz: remember that he can't read.aimyj has been repeatedly reported, has State',negroesininsurrection,andbeingof than And, since their working expenses wotdd be does the same thing. Besides, the Tribune muststrong inpily -wife's deatli, in which he deplores the prospect of possessorI A „ J'lM" ^^'^*°* ""^ *"* continued of with to-day. mencemeat the disturbance, couplsdof ourthananyotherby our indulgent Albany•was held lastChurch. From the tBUUBl report iniodtalde braaa, aa wellwith m aaetUn, iie»iowacharacter.Mr. Bell's is personal integritystreet good."The aggnva- ons, aai hie agethroughout of hisA letter wasguilt. producedexcept'Cooit, written by the prisoner justto his—Mabecomingawidower,inlanguageofdeepgrief BBd pious resignation, strangely inconsistent with kis behavior towards her during her sickness, as^A.Bangor paperclaims H(hl Jobs F.CbaabeiZ The TM Qovemors, through Mr.fill thetheme we have no timewhich thesuspected personal live partisans thanof late has sel-missions of the chivalry of the Old DominioB, Messrs. JOHB FbasbbAof Charles-^^^^g^ betweea trfpsttmvmerwUeh the ConmiiHiooeri proceeded, m rung on thisinvitingnot more as: nuisance. To be sure, they do notwhich it has He did the businesswas will unmedis'.ely to beginm^" The«anpe«y with the CompfroUer,issmnr iinsanasinn nf thr property there, conkded3"° engagedception connection of" intimate described as weighing nearly 200 pounds,forts t»snbdne the flames, received serious inju-ries, oiMkvr.BEltJAJiiN Brown, being badi ycut ingreatliiscrfditable.It wasregretted,condemnedcars.the with the Grand Trunk Bail- citythe head of a tribe of Habts, big and Ut-'he head accidental blow bjr_aaof Canada." The fiahy region of Newfound- patriarchialb.«k, Biidsnotiielby feUing from the to the upper'"verdeck. The erJginof the fire 13 not known.but even the Virginia delegation Mr. Bell himself. But there is bo reason inevitable straight lines, and they can leave land is also agitating the hyof appropnaUng ile, welcome for His49children, grandchildren,'.. AnDiversary of the Protestant J'>eEpUconal *^i»ureh Missionarv Society for Seamen, in the Citvexaggeratingits importance as an index ofhe wiU make war upon North America ISTperewiB. The patriarch throne, is M.12. 'Sl.'^ New-York, *" AWa'Bowherequestioned)—no one doabts hisfidel-aurelyaa he is crowned king.It ia,aie accnitomed to refer.to •vidTCa, to hare tliat hoar tlie lateat for the ia afieided by Gov. Wisb'b letter of the idth^^MArmimt t^B^lMi quiteSuchare poetedGen. Cuuin's army having been posted iif theBnaiigns, Parma and Hodena. Bologna, BaTBo- peuo,pul<e.iu ""r'*""" •;*tion. On the other hand, he will re^ on a straight line, lasUy, on a good the are as heavy as it canprevious"editedbyhisson,expressinghisviews Republicanmembers,isprobably"betterfitted, forthe improvedomnibuses,andit is almost cilityto the to islan^mindfromapathyit,,-.. _!il 6wa« wUlthe No0r,t^o«nmfro» 10- Money not so much an ob-rily, welTaa were bnt VMn..t^^^com- W«twideforthet o'f mendtoantheranting,ravingorderofdema- polittcalcareer.—^ToH MiBsatiii. has beea leetniiac for tk*ited,portand beware ofthe cheers anduproargivensnbject someatteationaay that it than four or ftvo mil-,Mr.^ofB.NicnaoLMW,hiscoP fortketnnefertotike CityefaUludsalonglastyearorUrvktOltoBaeWaaor-th»««i^^<Ptlw Tw* Obri. Mnai at UH Dr. Obutb. He was vehement, as usual, in his deBnadation of the servile ^system, and arguedportion^"^•^"^^•^••t" WP"the ooBiliu-r )(«& l_t-«.t."lt J. KoBTOir, D. D.. ,^ ^on both sidee, whois a manmake an efficient officer. He washasBierthowever, very poec surfwaa Tbe' .MnfMar asfapreached ItoBmraal aannaa.The Hercanfile Element and Influence of Slav-to theWe dobelonging;» firwHoc tt« Ottr ery, asd the Hethod and Duty of its Ecnancipa-to themisrepresented by the Qstea te the foul abase which ben with 463 vessels iernment.Deliverance from tke OridlroB.that the local Qovem-tiiecannot be worth lesshelplessGot. Wise—a Iieeaom foi Agltatora and Ulttaiata. .travagant languafe and reckless behavior, on aa important to the adTortiaera as the part of oaadidates for the Presidency, thangreet approvalexpression or lasting.that adTertiMmenU intended l"ne ehonW be sent in at the earUeatUona of didlara.the StatCK-and in itseondition the State is not likely to President of tikecom- the Bbsolute wortblessneas, in an of claaaification under the head* alectioBeerlog point of view, of violent and ex-Theie could not be a more instruetire mentaiy uponsee,conrse is marked by average common sense and that his principles will bear the sober ex-amination of the fireside three months their promulgation.StateIiegisIatioBfortheCitr<Albany log-, this time-honored custom> will' not protxtbly be made illegal before the nextof Battual mr that it was the intention of theirprovision to that effect been havinghis final withdrawal of bis name from the list ofaremuchmere to disposedhisexpresseddesire. TheletterbeanOeinst to the Virginia delegates, announcingthefor an undue proportion of the public burdens, Jaascr,At a period when so many polit- caladventurersareinthehabitofplacingtheirthan to surrender to it money or property of anysorteoBqietitors.as four-fifthswere in every ways, contemptible, that no real-- If its discipline is relaxed,and the wheels of cars perfectly crossings. Again,;his with death, remarks,dangerconsiderationof"oa and Ferrara are garrisoned by the Piedmontese. calmness and moderation, and not powder aad E .^~.,.Impfrovementp•e~'rfec-bear.highlydesirablethat itball,ta^ai France and England, the MoaittTir statesthatkbasabeady begun to exercise a stimulating fidence and tranquillity.is fact, speak, check- memorable service, and to win for himself a ia tka most outrageous vehicis known, except^ it win be compelled to pay, for lands which mated, by cliques and jealousies. He says that h(«-opon the business of Southern France,orable men who love the game are overawed by "apaekef laartdliBg parasites, intent upon noth-capturehighHs not a nuisance, but rather a general convenience, it is probable that aU the railwayofone-fifthin herofpeojde<te yeBHgoty gtmc0, JUgnbttg, ^ycll 18,tkat the aeeietykadfJipiMithia' prudent et^' its ocRdUi fpMft- ily to a IMponaible pvHio . tn;al,<Aad his Mor-Btate I4ui4s to «he Citr* Ife pobilah in anoOier eoloma the acttioos endnnd io these. Us eatiy yeaa, wB-ba •tion and aoquiesoence."ne noelpta, however, The moral of all this wegy, enterprise and iataH^alKB twve bo«B«h-piy tato vindicated by his baiineaa aa well npMBOd br tiw I^fWatwe at iu late aeaaioa, piOTidivanfident pravocattoB far any exinaa of vWaaeikwere $8,165;^ " p'poaipo-seaesa"earnestlycesaantly; where the pros and cons of every.tWX HUM («««lW«»My>-T?wPW- at much length in advocacy of his- well-known event are known in a few hours after it in the performance of Us duties.IS MJhr-TORK HUM (WMUrhJtw MttlM •and radical views.On the Stock Exchange, on Saturday, after theofaa well as greatest, can always have a fair ersthe old one.Theand are thusbryiiant a^ eflactive e(active business at the Board, pnces were easier.theconUnentwhere the 'meanest provement uponbold office for fiveCommiaeion- created by filling ont into the rivers be.OvingorafaM.Busnraas. be called in emphatic terms to the swift de- ined at leisure. Many who were at first sup- diameter of with the wheel,at the North had nothing aonbecinse he ia incompetent or indisposed toj augmented, Bnt aa omBlbos, with loose upon the easiest terms which the State author- duIatioDs of " storms" are, bnt we-pgjij^gj ^,0 grave and responsible dutiaeaa.A)o!fl wheele all round, run* as eaaily on a ourveas ities can be induced to grant The burdens of right.supposeit is allto do with the movement than the mnuiaMiof JT __jji—A chess-player in this City writes to hk brethren in St. Louis, (who are holding a Chess Congress,) that the progress of the game ia Naw-in ^EUn6g.l-a.nTMd,; that, in short, good sense, V^rjE?!, .^"J e^JAtever.^nd,track, the omnibus could be lightened atCity already quiteseas.for himself, however, though hapcattleas many theyfor his fellow-citiz'jns,proud the Richmond En-companiesto a flat rail is the bestlay kindtier of tob« gooo.of anorgan"io justiceto do.SihkonDbafeb,one of therail.Now,quirer,concerning both himself and the rest ofmankind.he was thecanbethe flat of tramshe has devoured, her teeth oughtfan^csjandWith regard to the new commercial treaty be- were aU that were needed to restore con- :tion of the force may confer. He baa^ndi an leas* quarter. short,theKorth and Eaatgeneral eommentsThe aet anthorizea a Mirrey on behalf of the Those who remember hearinf hiataiMieyMisai* happens through the length and breadth The new organizattoa is a very great im- State, of all the laada which have been >B this City, will recoOMt hin aawa of tkm%gogues,ing fiercelybuild up their own fortunes. He who runsthe Press is and free,league,trf"sterling character,to the the subject is oneand will introduce, we eaanot doubt, valuable iif«T«i7>!tllilMiaMr. P>in,ia«nmwi,* The General Markets lacked animation. Ploiir continuance. Let the storm rage ever so fierce- and greatly needed reforms in this important City,Ttillipil„JTOB OAI0C!BMU ll paliUAidoatk* at 109 on London. Money easyand sible that a panic, or delusion, can be of long cheap.—graata which the 63ty had >o right toBoce speeches at theThbanMds w«rAgkwere in very good request. Wheat and Com were in moderate demand, asbeyondeiaiaple. Butheis1 eoafimedjSwtea Confederation. The Federal 'Coun-cil of that Bepnblic has just}, addressed afuah.inrcnlaronthesubjectolSavovtotheGov. armorytothelastdayofhistermofoffice,he themetropolisoftheUnion,andtiie greatest i_te^e^ifcouldbemademoreconveBientbyhaaf-Mlaeellaaeoas. —The rriiwK telle a tale of areached him of John Bbown's seizureofthethe most important office inonuubus on agoodtram-way.The vehicle'public eagerness K? -Oan.Obcboa,whomadetherecentpitiablefituco andliodytoinducingthepeopleofVirginiato combinetomakehis whatthe Now.weresuchomnibuseswellupholsteredIn bcbalf oi Doh Cablos, bad been degraded from post preciselyM« ailitaxy rank. He is still at large. The affair believe that large bodies of armed men were man most ambitious of serving the public hon- and ventilated, and divided into distinctbutis CompaqJ[ greatly elated'kisBaBds DO excitement in Spain. Gen. Lamobx- wailing in the Free States to invade theirwould covet. If heates bis opportunities, and realizes how muchby partitions or arms, the very fact of theirthat he is aHe Bkss to wear a collar and follow a master him-orably and well,jBSl hes> gazetted to that position. He had beea treat all the white inhabitants to fire and more he can do for the public and himself, by a eaa be. wouldonly provesdoggeddevotee oti received at the Vatican. The diaturbance sword, and that the whole North was affording iuUM ly..anvkoalT mentioned as of recent occurrence at them countenance and aid. To support his'hVUiiBMi, proves to have been a serious affair. Itwas only after an obstinate conflict in the streetsaad houses that the insurrection was suppressed. ed out the militia, proclaimed martial law, urgently needs an effectivester bridge report that horses do not slip on Pony Express of April 11, have come to hand. matory speeches, exaggerating anticipated failure. The attempt to prevent its i)ecom- don. A curved surface like a gutter rail is1^«"<'»• at Uessinawasstill uprising,The Baluead party interpret a recent vote in the dangers, painting the future in the most horri-As bothto causeis strength of his jndgraent,jtheory and aggravate the excitement, he call-:unrepress-•ed. Australian advices represent the state of the performed the unprecedentedly ludicrous feat of Police Department.probablytheof thedull. The firm of N. * R. Guthkeidok, railroadlildarado County, and Dr. W.H.Stohb. The lat- to excite hatred, discord and distrust between for the \< ^ar was fiUaHy shot. The mining operations at the two great sections into which the Union is sought the placelike diamonds set in eboay. He was tak- than it has yet become in this country. A letten en from Seymour to LouisriUe, and there lodgel which we published on Saturday from the London in jail, to await the requisition of his proprietor. a curious mode which thaa~ i -Onssn's have been much retarded by bad ' Talleyt.* inallwr. The population was rapidly augmenting,divided. When some silly medicahstudentstrafficking took the place of partisan struggles So much for the streets not yet stolen by Timti, mentions very by It is not often that the underground railroadbf the ramoES of bloodahea and%nucby, arising'Jr- * ""harangues to run away from excellent medi-wisely abolished. The experiment is aban- right to lay railroads in some of them, but weThey agreed to deliver cattle at so much a head inNew-Orleans boasts of a beardless, be-interesting ladyeighth hus-ance 185JT°'mB As abaolnte want of governmental control. 'The cattle were driven in atoneout at an-in order to ThefaUlofBev. Jacob A. Habdkn, for the mur- very bad schools in Richmond and Charleston, <derofluswifebypoison,isstillproceedingat insteadofrebukingthemfortheirfolly,hewel-gate and around the city to the first gate,This was married on the Sth instant to*(he idces of provisions were enormously liigb.doned as a failure.givenvery much doubtitspowerto authorizeany—cal schools inPhiladelphiajoinAnd the Legislature hasHantntunuisance not strictiy Becessary to the pur- and counted, driven throughcause female Bluebeard.allthat we shoold aobaetibe for aoahafteaed aa-Africs^to be rather 1 handl^to say more.But we have the consolation of now record-beep sharplythat John Ekown ha3atlttcttm. Pf'*°"s who were in ef- militia well back on their farms, when tlie nounced that action at the time as unjust and advantages than they now have over the rail-and Liverpool. saiUromLiverpoolJune5,andthe new law.to themThe steamboat Bunehbaek, belonging to the ing, for the honor of Virginia, as well of theleagues, and likelyto bebyequallyBtaten Islandaftermoon, at 5 o'clock, while lying in the basinpublic spirited ingenious appointment ofin their new The phians are learning to dispense with this re- posliion.Wt as the establishmentof direct trade and ;New-Yorktook fiie yesterday^between the upper snd middle lai^ings, and be- device has faUed thoroughly and miserably, asthe Prince of censured, on account of his generation may see steam in our streets, aad tke Portland papers insist upon a revision of theFerry Company,Aanerican people in general, tnat thisISaac W. has finement of the old-fashioned traffic. Bill, Jr.,Anothermade in Canada for torturingWalbs,next towill please take notice.the flames could he su'jidued her entire to upper it deserved fail,progrfonme, in order to compel that poor young merchants;fl,ere is living in Massachusetts a stoatfrom an axe orwaynumbering U great-grandchiWreo, and one youngsterT» fifthandWisxheea the Presidency pass to steadiorhands. Not only ta he not Ukely to get the liy. the public, andin the ap- when it does, the improved tram-road andfeatwockewere destroyed. She was finally scuttledaod harhnll and engine thus saved .'rom total de- not been three months in his grave, nor the pointment of City Registrars last Fall. We de- omnibus mentioned, will possess far greaternomination,is not unanimous about Us deservingproprietyof theaccordingly formallyevening, ih the list of candidates, and the" organ,"It is an ill wind that Wows nobodythe aait. withdmws his name from forpassengers at the curti-stone positing "$20,000toget upa"stunning"ever does get upon generation,—BBikinga highly reputable total ofooit wiU be because mined by passengers while passing jointsot theLegislature.at the bar ofparatively independent of politiaal Influeaces, line is defined it» charters. These pewerof swaying an aedience, or showaaianwho wishes tomust above aHLegaUy itis the property ofAfter all,eitherdeephold of theIt is ment of thisthings,— afterto fsthar to be-itsWinter'swork. Attentionhasbeensomain reliance in the struggle for the topmost absorbed by one or two very bad bills, that we railroads. Let us relieve our minds once for;pie especiallyfancy that by pander-and will aa active of Mr. Havbiiitbb at the last etisc-Rivers becanaeheaps apsM everrthsg and everybody io the Biorlhein BtOtoa. The tronble vrith him fethst ht ta fwrpeMOydmkof tlie boortion, wem-tfaa of a discourse delivered last read it. It is that in a like where tiOB, and is understood to eauae it is aerionalypasaionsthey maymay supporterSuae.of the vtmoetthis, importancethat the tIckatetoMs laUeaea eeuldby•ABDX>—BaiAL AKranaiiaa E«BBeTBua places o( the Republic upon the use of frantic de- have had no thought for other laws which have all, of the common and absurd error that a to acquire this property upon favorable terms.aiSDKM—AiussAnao Snuxu.*.— Of the amount of paper consumed by a.wgjg^ aVWaST THXATBK—Boam Hoo»-R«s Gsoxs struction which has come upon the ambitioaa posed to be dead are then found to be only abnormal flange friction, which largely increas- pressive to compel the City to pay tiieir fiiu to paper every inch ofBg^e^uire quite yeanIexception es the resistance to car wheels.fw» ^nq TTAiaioa— aanVB mmVlf—Anamsoawounded,value for these lands, after it has created themis this : so at its owB expense or that of its- grantees. confidence in^^1The Spirit of the Times ha* very UtOaHnaaASD-ETsnlBj; DumTUfE:formso national calamitiee.ftto aathori- to contest the ofJbami Bbaw. -PaAu'a Ceou ai Diaib.alarge portionofour morescaredthanhurt.The Kailroad bills were bad enough togreat fact, however,narrow is the gauge of City rails, thatTheStatemightexactthis,andthe would CityHxBHAa'8 the winninggreat inter-to-dar< * Charleston. FvOl delegations State in the*tlnion are present, with, how. IB nnuBnally slender attendance of outsideoutoftheoccupancyofthem. Thewholeaim startedina village like Philadelphia. gwH«i«_ and effect of tke bill is to save the City from tke Camden and Amboy road is bat a snafi akaig-Iment of full value for the lands and of all the setting fire to their stores and dwellings in the back rents due upon them. We can understand most heartless and undisciiminating manasT, aad7«tBOthiDgbreeds, and with which every- ever read of theof theBut other measures that have been passedhdnca Opmiotupurposeofseekingauthorityforacompromise sixty-fiveyears, died,age strength,speculators, specUtora and regulators;corruptioarailways, is inversely as the diameter of the double lines of flat trams, say nine inchesadjustgrowingMoiiM heretofore current regardingpeck of level with the and no simply between such a settiement and pay- troubles. Some unknown incendiaries pecut 1miilimiiliilnii rfeaaralsurreydedsive. 1^ a majority, is,pavement, offering fic, twenty-fomrpassengeronmibusescouldThe belief that he lacka the strength necei-uponof such a lawbut we do not perceive the afire when it has started. The Mayor liaatily;:Tan Tama.CBaan*! MnMmKi. tT.T.JBT—Eamamo»•» Pamiw»8. Jaaa eiuaarsaddest -and silliest events in our history. means of their passage, and will prove most to be top-heavy and unsafe. The omnibus the most money into the State Treasury, but prize-fighurs aod gentlemsa of the P. B. geMnUy be traced tolALOON—Cioaaa 'Seventeen men, led by a fanatic, seized on oppressive and injurious in their effect upon body, on the contrary, is between the wheels, it would be at the expense of the City, which bmlaoywsare the demoializing eSiscts of the obliged to saSSet.and others, who were among the Oibalsa, oa lai lent of all the agitators, whose gyrationa missing, prove to have been a good deal The—four Hanhattaa Island.HoiTs xooa Uacia? most truculent and turbu- hopes of the.<Ma:Ab«ntBT-Ko.M(-WBneaK'8 whole band had been killed. The objectbe for some time to come.ties have resolvedthese acts. We understand that very vigorousdraw ancar wheels, on a given surface, is about one- gency." Pressmaboutto all the—Kxaiamaa n Tuwraat. ed by the leader, JohnBeowx—thevalidityand contortionsnational fight. It says that he is defideot ia "This gentleman was but four or five months half-a-dozen Legislatures with odium. They hence, either the wheels must beCHAPKL—MAaiOAi. gaTaamamata.an»TH-8tBK»T-«o»ai. of Kme 8»i»«o«'B Taxna. ago reveling in ecstaeiea ever one of the were corrupt, alike in the motive and the small, or the car-body must be so high as questionably such a mode of sale would put tereeting to know that the loose rhsrsflsis oTI-KBOHAFXL-^aa.verythe people of the City. the Bjoming defeaded it until nearly the the rails are not yet laid,an undefended building in the night, a«d la.be of even diameter largeravow- emancipa- tion of negro slaves—excited, owing to theThethey likely Cityinto hands. private^atFaBRoraa.AOASUfT «F PKMgJfflRIBHATIONAL AEI INSTITTrnON—Eianinoa extreme suscepftbiUty of the South on the and effective measures will l)e taken to re-4tyAM»nroi.NEWS OF THE DAY.ThaHatlonalDemocraticConventionassemblesfrom exaggeration.buy vf>subjectilieve the Cityoperation,—of New-Yorkpapers." Our Trojan friends are aaof Slavery, a great deal of alarm andhalf that required to draw a car of equal weight, since the resistance at the axles is as the diameter of the axle multiplied by the number of turns, or divided by the diameter of the wheel. Mobii, HABDma and Scott Rus-poration, at anand that Involved will be tried in the Fed- We have very little doubt that, if is rigid andthorough,every arrant absurdities, saw danger in the merest one of these biUa can be vacated, upon thepriee. It authorizes a compromise and settlement, by the Comp- troller, of all elaims against the City growingindignation. Bnt,it was wild, unreasoning,questionsclever, (iathe English 8enae,>tWt itlike aU popular excitements,theeral Courts.much morecredmloua, prone toIt tookfor granted the most thewoold be a pity to a rival to be permit agenerbehind andtreasonineverypeddler'spack. Ithad,the extortions It called forth just those exhibitions of fero- can be chosen which will either Legislaturetrifles,found AboUtlonistseverybush, inpavements, good common roads and ordinary andfraud. Andifthepeopleare lands,by the publicans of Charleston. A cious selfishnesa and barbarous Injustice which repeal these acts entirely, or so inodify themwide,resistance to anyvarietyordirectionoftraf-of the coming contest reveals asfear taking possession of great multi-as to make them valuable and acceptable toThe fact that Ur. Douolaswe believe, conceded on allgreattudesalwaysbody is familiar, whe hasThe that the protesting or Anti-Douglaa S.*»tes lepnlsive than meet of such sad reveUtioas of 35anges in the Police Commission are fer theto a two-third vote ia also gemeral, and it is leagbw "^pto" <rf •»>»*p'y i •^^^^fJJ, "?""*, TOll prove beneficialin their operation.quired for twenty-four passenger cars on a wisdom of denouncing or contending against summoned a meeting of the Coundl,and that bodyCity railroad.-af (ba South wiU not accede to the nomination of hnman weaknsas, beeauae it derived its chief better. The Board has been reduced in num- Again, the omaibus, by reason of its Qc nWimlj statesman upon any condition. Aa sopport from the hypothesis, that nearly oae -^heis, and thus increased in efficiency. Re- outside wheel connection, is susceptible ofit in the interest of the City. Gov. MoBGAN in his vetoempowered him to offer a revraid of flJMIO for the stated detection of the culprits. To judge by the fierea-ness of editorial diatribe, the tempersiaeet of the people of Nashville is nearly as comboatiUe aa their fatases. The place must be exceed- ingly unpleasant in the Bummer aeaaoa,Mmm, Vta and Huntib luve both practically kak of one of the most civilized and ChristiMiMessage-that the title to this property was in Courtcan no longer be evaded by. a most convenient, elastic, and even senn- wUkliawn from the conteat, there is little doubt nadons on the glol>e was bent upon bringing "being divided. The Mayors of New-York and tive system of springs. These greaUy de-Alt (Mmt Kt. Douolab or a representativa of faia aiawawillbethenominee.^, . The America, which reached Boston ;laat'•reniDg, with European advices to the flkh,boot the massacre of the other half. ItsoutbreakfoundMr.HbsbtA.TTiskOot- eraor of Virginia and Commander-in-chiof offound—AvetenutnamedEzikixlBabsis,whodieddspJ9 Fiance, through universal suffrage. It is note-questionBabhbsnotto see hisfrom theirinvestigationgroundequitcMethepeopleCity.why the State niight object to the enactment there is not water in the town to enoughthat their enactment was the^to enable it to acquire these side of the lightning train of the ^"^v^ Btver all clums out of its Railroad. The latter would runacar to Albanya and back before the former could get aa iu aa long time, New-Brunswick.anda deddancr probably due to the astonishing short, all the characteristics of all great panics. true to themselves and their rights next Fall, a wheel. Now if our streets were paved with illegal occupationnor aremayPhUadelphia Bulletin, is very madicoB-Ration venal or inefficie.t, it wiU be curves, iieaclear and much to losethe City has nothing to gainhe permits it.its vigilance diminished, its tone lowered, and beingthe continuance of thepaper, noticing-faithful and fearless—^he judges aewspa-made of powerfiil enongfaaction asone of theSupervisorsThey can turn out when necessary, not we have no doubt, persistenUy damming up the streets with theirman to go through the horrors of a "Municipal re- who ish"o"•n"o"r t"h"e^It seems to usBfaanld avoid the addition to them of some mil- Tork checked—ih so toopportunity to render the public a high and City car is a centurylioas of dollars, wliich without a compromisethe steam railway ear on fricttoareceived. Prof. Delabdb has been ap- parentiy the very last things whose restoration dom offered to any man in this country. A roUora. It is, therefore, certain that one doisvln,were pointed Besident ^sinister at London of the he desired. From the moment the newslarge ordera for wine and spirits havingtranquillity'lastingand enviablereputation,upon groundsof to equity oughtbelong to itaBnt confidence andap-as is sd- petkaps.term of service, accumulated powers, a horse ceuld manage a twenty-four passengerlongaadindnli _yielding colleague,withsuCdentcansttdty. Bsralaj Sctpublieaa theNew-TotkChea*Ctab^1emmenta consenting to the General Conference. seen!.s to have devoted all his powers of mind for reform and improvement, iat the"body'afoot lower between'the'wheele.| ^«' "''» " ^"^ regulariy toa >sw»«tand for the beund to purge iiaelf aTtUs<performance the most zealous and efficientbyhe can give this City what it specially and—psrs, like everything else, by the sense of smell snd the stronger the scent the clearer the case.supposedhas been found in practice adequate tomade itnth between lb. Beu., an Assemblyman from and fustiaa and a good pair of lungs could do was equivalent to an election. Corrupt men even if there was, it would injure horses less in Austria is a little more systematic and scientific ofIf thestnot eacounter occurred at Sacramento on the candidates were sure of success, a nomination kept clean tliere is no danger of slipping, andState Assembly as favorable to their views. A ble colors, tmd doing everything that bombast ing partisan, onlycorrupt.morelikelyslipping.•way -=—<'"- -?—^head aibiseker tof itsits jobs and its patronage, and bargaining and York rails.their feet in theof New-terror,us instead a small Commission,compact tobeefficient,andholdingpowerinexcellent selection of Commissioners. He has divided the Board equally between the Repub- jjcan and Democratic Parties, as he was boundandrequirementsofrailroads. Andother-gatewhere they were counted again,profitcontracts,thantwistingtroughsduty, partyloric engine yetthenewpsttera,! to do the 1andjnining interest as encouraging. Business was escorting a solitary criminal to the gallows In the' Department of Public Charities the trams. The engineers of the new Westmin»: rather aose, that the Tribune is before him. We —A box was forwarded from NaTena.. by Adams' Express, to the care ofo Coffin.ClacianatL Onreachingwith a small army, including cavalry and artil-A few additional particulars by the Overland lery, traveled to and fro, and delivered inflam- service. The Ten Governor scheme was a the flat trams laid there and elsewhere in Lon- and a good Bepublicaa dogcontractoisontheGeelongRoad,havefailed.Legislaturehas rendered the City a similarkavent theslightest doubt that he is a good dog,•T^^jUlAiMUda pomhg in fr(»n California, undeterred had become safficieatly bemuddled by his for ascendancy and power. This has been the Legislature. It has, indeed, stolen the Army contractors plundered the Government. misses its connections.independent._^ "Am I not a dog and a brother ?" isIt may be aald that horse* will slip oa tfcei exeiaiaation that rises to his tail when he sees, or purposesaasi|.rollers;least,» made ia hb; each year one husband dies, but the widow loses nesaes ware examined on Friday and Saturday, comed rhodomontade, £uch a way as to be made responsible for its since it can be mathematically proved that the the same cattle had actually been counted five no time in filling his place. The finger wiiereaa but the evidence developed no new facts having a ended a course of unparalleled foolery an-l exercise. ordinary form of rail is a. nuisance, and that a times I The contractors also sold the hides :— she wears her wedding rings must beat soms re- <lifferent bearing on the case from the general tenor turbulence by threatening to invade Ohio and The Comptroller of the City has made a most flat tram-rail, which can be laid at the same but unfortunately they could oflly deliver the hides semblance to a curtain rod. It is said she ksaJBeMdere, N. J. Ten or a dozen additional wit- them in torrents of and enoughposes—and so on until«ftheevidenceheretoforepablished. Thetesti- mony bears lieavily upon the accused, whose con-Britishvesselsonthe Unhappilyhadreceivedpaya little ahead of but we are a young people, comparatively, and have a wonderful fa-—unnecessary to say that they should be permit-.xrK.*«Mtifled to by Urs. Rahsat, Mrs. GlABT, and Its constant laudations of him from the com- his intimate practical knowledge of the whole ted and encouraged to run on the gridiron so It appears that when the Clay statue was un- and when he attained to man's estate, married agenerously provided '•I Vt %;^Ae-Bew Board of Commissioners of Public fervid recommendations of him as the oaly man, to perform the duties of that post with fathers.by his energy and activity, and especially bya " stoical"veiled, the people of Bichmond regarded that work Uaine lady, his own cousin, and then emigratedrangeCity charities,He for or making it a bar to all future usefulness,instead ofde-them in puddles ia the middle of the Royal Highneaa. If the Prince Solokos is still nget-Integrity,—theirdeposit manure to blow about the streets and intopeople's mouths and houses, but ttie Philadel-the sld John Brown.tually.intosunk,effec.universallycol- efficient andIhstBepublieinveryNot content with the preparations already Charleston Aug.Untitled Documentcost,nothing prepossessingpersonal appesraace Judging Irom the aus-falgfaly probableheartsthat his public without the interference of thepresentatsession of our valuable Legislature.relinquishalldoubta Inas a vehiele, the behindtheomnibus. Itof art with " apathy." Our Bichmond cotempo- to Wisconsin, where he has improved in estate as President, and Mr. Isaac person who could properly fill the Presidential fidelity and success. Moses H. Gbin.vkll, the There is another fact about City traffic, that rary considers this fact a parallel to the reception and bodily presence, not to mention '•plnck," inchair in the great crisis in national affairs other Republican, is quite as widely known for would be of the highest importance were we of a certain distinguished actress, who tried her the freedom of Western life. Mr. Pottkr's fatherwas John PoTTHi,and his mother was boraCABO-id on Saturday, by the choice ofThe Board consists uf I vritfa Messrs. Moses H.GsLSNKLLprettiest to get up some degree of enthusiasm in aIn Phila-4 *.f». -^o Damoeiata. The ceremony of taking the explanatisn of his froth and fury. The man and will bring to the performance of his duties delphia, for instance, steam street cars are Virginia audience,-oetta eCoffice had previously ftss Jndga Bomr,theonly per-qualificationssuccessfully working,highlygen-been performed be-of the Supreme Court atwhoof character and of advantagesand areandwhich wasfurnished a plainintelligence andpublicspirit,speaking of any other city than this.just approaching, squelched Jon.N Brown wasenterprise,Fos, Sen., of. has dawned.son who could «npei»r,efiiBCte,andpapen|totheneworramza-anwouldhavetooccupy.OfthemanychangesTheDemocraticmembersarebothmen-ofun-day,andtheymakenosmokeorother"artist"whosucceededinawakeningtheVirginiaofpnackets,anad"f"ast-sailing packeu are,ffJtfiiitamm. SieEOLSOI. two Republicans and'of Johnmillenium—ear population, thoughofveto mesaage of tke Oovemor.Catholiche is not likely to make any unjust distiactionthe Preea, and in thebylands hava been formed trader graats from theare thrown and the let and dency of the legislation in regard to the City profits, aad nnder which, ia many cases, pri- an.. He stilt open light in. law,it isimpos-splendid faculty of speedl tban he. Ifliaw! effectiTiewas unsettled. State and Western brands were ly, the blue sky soon reappears, the shatters branch of the pubUc service. The general ten- give, bat of which it has been reaping the has been for years, a settled sadouiet Southern gradesattempt., however, te make vfere likewise the principal kinds of Provisions, and justice, and humanity, and reason resinne has been towards the cOBcentration of power vate perseas now hold poseeasioBv 'What aad deUver JBctnre., but they are sU the iGroceries, Hay. Hops, Spiriu Turpentine and their sway. Let all ambitious stump orators, and respoBsibility ; and it is in this direction quantity of land is in this predicament eannot mal fsUares, and only eihau stUI mote eoBsple.Whisky. Honey was briskly sought after, mainly when are for export. Seeds, Codfish and Linseed Oil were theyaloBe that we can look for any marked improve- be until the survey just ordered hae uoBsly the shocking ecUpse of splendid tale^brbadfor. The freight engagements were lim- take warning by the fate of Hbnbt A. Wisk, ment in the various branches of our City Gov- been made ;—but competent judges who have tiMd^iadhighsbUoflashingpassionsintofury,Jtnowntmiately, the liberality of the State is not will, they take pleasure In goaraatwiag the venient and feasible, for our local Oovemment Ukely to take tbat^rectioiu Our Legielatnres ment of an suBual sum of ^800- ia Cnthataaee otso to pave our streets, and for our omnibas owners so to modify their vehicles, as to re- ducethecostandincreasethecomfortofCity travel, irrespective and independent of the Citybeing the case, it is not only possible, bnt coa-pay-ferocious and extravagant threats, been enacted. It is never easy to tell pre- It ought to have the first ofi'er, if it is to be daily journal,, the outsiders bane a faintUea. paper annually employed in. the publication of THBAIKI—Pooa OHnimAS-A Paarrr right that the attention of the public sbstild the action is over, and the field«an be exam- trary, it is wholly a question of surface and to be very far below the actual value of the the Nbw-Tobx TiKn, if cut feto usch atiipa,.nunciation,ijiVCA gMMMW» TBiATBS-C»uma Biwa. and wilful and labored exaggerations, it is but cisely what losses have been sustained until cost than an ordinary flat tire. On the con- offered for a fixed sum, and the priee oughtflanged car wheel runs with less power ^d —Thetimes anditwould ;veryEarth's waist aboot 1*and the latterthan at present. The effect of this is thattowith wheels of twice the average diameter of Itthe power requiredomnibus,The act in question provides for this contin-Stock of tks Camdsn and Amboy BaSxoad, and make it simply a Uewspaper Bailroad, carrying no passsegers aorbut usedfreight, exclusively for the traoapoitatiaaresult of sell agree that the resistance to rolling on heavy expense, —sponsibilityuse their seats at the Mobm fBroekljn can no longer crease the rolling resistance.th«^ thatatninemilesanhour, avehicle onand that the Statethe case, or to anticipate the judicial decisionthatmightbe reached. Unless we are mis-taken, however, all proceedings in the easewere stopped by mutual consent, for the very utively. and cherished one vrife of his bosom for,ttjB. ^.Qgotom^«L. - ^W^^ schemes. Mr. Bowbh, who is at once Preri- Igood pavements ran vrith one-half the power re-bgogrdforno intelligence of ipoment. The TaAa her army. He was placed from the first mo- J ^^^^ ^^ Board andfluperintenient of the qfiired without springs, when the ordinarywagon-springs were applied. Whether City cars have any springs or not, may be deter-and when he at the ofaimounces tliat in the conrse of a fB^ ment in possession of aU the evidence mexwt-; the inhabitants of Kice and Savoy were to be ence regarding tiie strengUi, plans and expect.. pennitted to express themselves upon auBexatfan tioDsof tiie conspirators. He saw thattiiey^a p'olitical machine,'p^^g„t ^-^ r for itsand practical woikings.his wife survived him. reason of By^^^siWelived,onlygreat-grand-^^direcflypersoially If it be-and settiement of tb»90,Ur.children, but without ever knowijg a sick day. Arunthem with lesspowerthan that re-eatpot;would thus be to compelledtheat an eDormous price, or suffer them to fallthe interest of the authorizing the sale of these lands to the Cor-u ihMo^o «,»n „,.H»i.f«^ moiBaiBg papers. It says that he carls his tafl—^Tbe Bordentowa Mmhi*<;travekthaathoseoftiierailways,aadatapayingrat*witfaaLself and he naturally prefers a newspaper that at their vAirks at Newark. This is the ^Their totalfittingly politico-military, position City years erally approved. expenses Co., shippers, ^are 15PiaeimT. their late President, surrendered all position which the successor of James Buchan- dom been able to enlist in its public service. per da/, against horse-cars at $10 per have a hard time of it in that region. The only ton, make public «««'">«"'.?"' tkeuTth«ey'city—'..mJJ w,^protectaCity, byasfor from the Government. This is.....„:_MoboanCity, and be-(hat no ofia At all events, the City ought to be permitted science. s .no relief.lands shorid be sold at pnUic auction. Uiv- moralizsig effects of repeated blows." It is ia-of them for soupon fair and easy terms. The alternative ia The citizens of NashvOte are in aoughtnot to interfere -vt^that the hands The law of the case isatthewhen the Trilmne is placed in his mouth. This recently completed a first-class sogBr-caaa afor s gentiemao of Cubs, which is now bal|^ 1 tached to a twin 48-inch Ericsson caloric < manufactured by the Nevrark Machine CocontSBptuoualyTian,a^We think, on the whole, officfar t:—but we can't.recentlyinOhio,voted for eoasse sixty-nine yearsJaBofcjo. laiiwily^biii B^|paaa^notbegivaa sway— persoa any seU-iespect wfoMwhichhe has beeomTtWAcademyqosath a legasy to that bistitatioo; bat that,ofthesumnamed set apart for the relief of poor yovng studeiAClevelandgreat originality, that tlie storms of life neverto bethelargestpisntations. ThetwinSi-iochsay tko boanewspaper tke which ataittd the N, aadeatthetown,her band.Shehasmarriedeveryyearat learning.One of the Richmond papers takes credit POTTIB as a Maine boy. Very early in life heto the editor her want of success in that little endeavor. Artists of all ranks, according to these frank ad-aFox, daughterand afterwardsdeploredLiHi Bangor.—The Soutiiem" at that Mainein furtherance of this conspiracy is theportfreight carried fornothing.The urged oW gentlf man, one Capt. BOLOKOB Habt, seaport. plea a strictoidinary planters.temperance man and a true Bepublicao, who is1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com-s^ 