 itl?"« ?,f «« ?rounds, in one of which Morton Wc Michael of Philadelphia, m as stirring a speech as was everX6w•..»».. ^^M5aa^3=aBBcigBwaaaBZ/T-JSAAXP.work would l a anally prepared for ias press before^rled;B|ifae$iin© o^flte^n^f^om-'Sydney': to Paria-the pvVfeatkm was commenced (and the high charac- —"Robert Bale Owen's **Footfalls from another ter mamtafaed bytbe pnbhehing house is a guaranty V C T M " has be«n one of tShe most succasarul books of lor its truth) sai nnintfnnpted issue may be looked for-x a n d ; , ^ ^ ^ • At^the last* accbuiitey;|air.the#a*lieatdisciplespfthegreat.critic'."inthis,country., —PaulMorphySestayiog,attheFifth-avenusHoteL A TRIP TO DELAWARE COUNTS1in wici rae*.t l t e g a l W K* Th*N*tiroi ticket, as f^»o EUetona* iJXkrietKI*SHOVC-I Kjo re*ent*c w» « tare, ard vo*e X804. The l«infioencA tadJndge JHrrt o • gewlwaaft jsjfllIt is f stim* eight bu&dfi 4 j&ot in the lea X>oogia«'» proextinguish* ... —•The EUrxtorchlight pm Wedneed«y $i 8>tic pohticni ( It was the vj Western Ma^s tbe popClar mi s&cceM. s - ^ WUfca, D. J). a o d J . L . S « i people were a—Gen. K.I been nomir^.t the XXV m a preeeni Morab—The y> it ieward of I 0 anilegal «'..•« conMqucocni cbeeked on tfa did not dare i<eyce of the i Awakes of o< to wstcfa 'the'l—A larg*••• Putnam Com in great sum noon, and ;. j- plsce bad L d speecheewtr aod ethers. : torch fight pi aamber of • {, —The Eep n«ted' tbe To< Cornwell ; * Hicks;. Cir>x Seiiunv—Jo—On Tn« K:ght*eiith }>:ie j* ri k'iy. as their ot« district inciu' and Fol on « the two lart t—^The Rep\ Cooxty bi»v4 sembly.1 —Onihm-: dreased U.-0 Sva»e, It, ti u Cot of 0*::a5 meet eathv.>ij tbe orator for—Th* K*^p on Tho *Uj fer/snd J« ^*»—The Con can aaeeting that a hete of was receive c tlemen nanuk the list.--The Cominridge Comt body that in eoci«cy. to- nniil N yrern wiih hior, or flaence. lie Canv tb*c».n —The I n pabUahes.thc Duncan, ot }i the S.^ath. a:-^•ceaaoB. Arjov« ^ thousand <»pies have been sold fe this sonntry, and ifce attbx>r has taken advantage of * visit toBngland to prepare a ne w copyrght Eng ieh odii&ftv revised, -with additional matter, which has just *•«• brought out by Messrs. Trtibner & Co , withward to, which would complete the work in about three. Tears, even should the veteran bibliographer himself—now approaching his ninetieth year—not sur- vive to wi'nesa it. .: V.;;;'V"'ing the^existence, of j^oW, may very likely do much to Club with his old antagonist, Mr. James Thompson, att n a '•/.<,* •KH-* ••'•<'V- 0/fri SitfTJKMBER-.%,1860;—The Pbilobiblon Society have just printed, under •very prospect of its meeting with a la»ge demand* tfce care of Earl Fowls, hie descendant, a manuscript—•Our book illustrations are not generally of a cliar- 'French Govejnment.^; able chess skill has suffered no diminution since last majority of yptes; but.wide-awake Republican* whoacter to call [for special commendation; but now* and 1—Letters have been rec jived from Albreoht Roscher, • year.''.•/.•>',';',.:,,;vV. /:rr''--' \ •;' 'St "'••'•' $^<< have canvassed the different districts can show feet* and figUTestbat foreshadow a change for the better ia then an example appears which* deserves particular the intelligent young[Central-African explorer, of ^.•/^'~^6^ei»';VOwmes'vof;.a.-x»ew; and complete edition in the politics of thepeople hereabout., B istrue, tberomention. Such, for instance, arei the outline IHustra- •whom mention hhsfrequeutiy been made in the col- ^^j^^^^^^^^^J(^^i &* novelist, have are, here and elsewhere, men who wear the collars ua» tions by Hoppin to Bayard- Taylor's Quaker Tdyll in nmns of THE TAIBUNK; He was still on the shoreo of lately sppeared"at Stookholm. ;i > scrupulous men.haye riveted on their necks, and they the October jnumber of Harper's Monthly; They\ are the great Lake Nyaesa. After narrating the ill-treat- >»-rrA jneWyfever, lately introduced from Europe, is would vote fork ticket nominated in Tophet, if the okf93M three leading literary men in England • at this mo- jsent, Dickens, Thackeray, and Sir E. Bulwer Lytton, »rs all -very much interested in the spiritual manifesta- tion*, & c , to which the book relates, Dickens's fre-by the famous Lord Herbert of Cherburg, hitherto un- publv-hed. Itis a "History of the Expedition tothe Iele of Rhe," undertaken for the relief of the Hugenots, 1627.; but which failed of success from causes other tr an the want of "valor in hie countrymen and com- panions, which Lord Herbert vigorously defends in his narrative.- •;'•-The new book of Dr. Samuel Smiles, shortly to be published by Messrs. Ticknor & Fields, " Brief Bi- ographies, a Series of Lives of Eminent Persons," with five portraits, has never appeared in England, but is prepared expressly for this house, and printed from thefellow in black who keeps the fire office was the chief candidate. I reached Shookan in time to witness the performance of a female mount* bank, who walked a tight >ope stretchrd from the mill to an Oppoeite b l c A This unwomanly feat was performed in the presence ofGEOGRAPHICAL.r-In a recent paper, by the Rev. J. E. Woods, on terrible rfave wars m the vicinity, of the Nyaesa had sons, and engraved views of the places, are^theu .pro- effort; but his stirngtb W88i<H>nexbjws»ed ^SA^ M\qaent testy and impatient aDasiona to the subject show its prominence n^bismbld," while Thackeray, to judge from the prominent position given in the " Cornhill Magajdae"for August to the article "Stranger than Fiction," must be desirous for its investigation. Both facte gentlemen have expressed to Mr. O wen their grati-generally in quarto or royal octavo, is purchased. Alist of all persona and places mentioned in the work iscarefully made, Autographs and portraits of the per- | ried man, attempted to followher^ahand-over-haad;.' fixation a* the tone and spirit of bis book. Mr. Owenthe tertiary rocks of a large district of South Australia, produced great scarcity and want. . The breadth of the lying westward and southward of the River Murray, lake, at the point where Roecrier was residing, is socured, inserted in the proper places, and the whole is breaking his arm in two places, and brulsfagWeetf so badly be is not expected to turvive his injuries. A afterward elegantly bound. The engravings, if too Wide-Awake Club has been formed here, and, "withwill be accompanied on bis homeward voyage to ibis eenniry by Robert Chambers, of the world-renowned firm of Wm. &BL Chambers of Edinburgh. Inda- pendentry of his services to the cause of public enl'ght- enment and ihe diffusion jof knowledge in this oonnec-several remarkable caverns are described. The writermentions, among others, " a series of caves in thevii'inity of Mt. Shanck, and between that and Mt.Gambier. They all resemble each other in one partic- able him to oontinttevhiiB apventurous joarney in the di- country are those relating to American history. The cently made a stump speech in favor of Lincoln, an4 ular, and that is in the possession of water"at a depth rectKn of Mozambique. These supplies we are glad to fifty quarto. impressions, printed by Mr. Putnam' of he echoed the American sentiment in that u^igbbor- varj ir/g. from 70 to 100 feet, dependent on the hight of learn, were forwarded to pirn in abundance early last living's Washington were nearly all bought for this ho< d. At S^msonville (the capital of the tanning tradeand the heac qaarters of tbe Napoleon of leather mauu- the eminence upon which they are. One is just March, by the liberality of some of the merchants in purpose. -Upon one copy, which we have seen, several factTyrers) I found General ^Samson and his irmy oflike a round [hole, about 100 feet in diameter, and the Zanzibar. So great is the interest felt in Germany ia hundred dollars have already been expended for auto- workmen ready to vote- for Lincoln and Liberty- patsagetothebottomisby.awindingfoot-pathtothe thelaborsofRoscher,thatBaronKarl von^derDeck- graphs,portraits,andviews,anditistheintentionofthe Shouldyonbearthecraehofatempleofiniquityabon1; water'sedge, 75 feet below the surface. The cave en,aHanoverianofficer,attheinstigationofDr.Barth, ownertosoenlargeitwithillustrationsastoswellthe theearsofthepoliticalPhilistinesin thisvicinity,yonservations on the Iocarial and Pre-Incarial Monumentsever been explored. In a cave at Mt. Schanck, thewater is so deep that no bottom could be found with Russian Asia,'Gustav Rac de, conservator of theyMu- work to find that one or more portraits have been cut i«s inhabitants, I found the friend* of Lincoln andphases of ait visible among them, were objects of hisspecial attention during a very successful explorationof the famovB Hnacas, or ancient graves at Hilo andThroughout the whole region explored by Mr. Woodd,comprising a tract of country 290 miles in length by 70 for publication an account of his extensive travels in pool, has discovered six letters written by Hermippus than at Andes. The name of the place may possiblyEastern ^Siberia, and in l: J63will under*ake, at the in- Eumenidee of Berytus, hitherto, togjtber with his suggest the idea of lurning mountains, bat the temper- in breadth, the water in all the caves, at the time of the • ance reform is so popular here, there are no eruptionsSpring rains, had a perceptible current uniformly set- stance of the Imperial Act demy, a scientific of explora- many other writings alluded to by Saidas, supposed to of. the crater on the faces of the people. Thia beauti-tinginthesame direction,and'seeming to provethe tionoftheDaghestan,whichwill employhimfortwo havebeentotallyloet. Theyareofacotemporarydate ful villsge is cradledintbebosom of'aquietvaHeyvexistence of j a great natural system of underground or three years. wiihHermippus himpelf, who was born in the, y^ar and vealled about by mountain elopes, checkered wita fields, meadows, orchards, gardens, and wood lots. I aoftheage, andthough it—An exhibition ofpicturesby modernartistshas recently been opened in Manchester, Eng,, and amongla to connect with it the name of our expected visitor. —Mr. Bottaert's new work on South America is en- titled 'Antiquarian, Ethnological, aad other Researcheson New-Granada, Equador, Peru, and Chili, and Ob-—The " heroic" school of paintiDg, to which Haydon «f the Peruvian Nations." It is a valuable contribu- sacrificed bis life, and many other artists have sacrificedtion to knowledge of the subject, derived from ma-terials acquired in two visits to the Southern Conti- continental artists at least Small pictures now mo- nent. The relics of the aborigines, and the remarkable nopolize ihe paronage cf connoisseurs.' A painting bystops further progress very near the entrance, and it of London and of the Brit sh and Portugueee Govern- bibliophile. in connection with this subject is the lican Cub, embracis? the leading' men in town; andXrica. The collection of aocient pottery, idols, cotton francs. A litis picture by Chavet, whose "Interior of y>viwoolenclothes,&clmadeby.Mr.Bolleart,isnow aCafcV'in-lhecollectionofMr,Belmont,isfamiliartoin the British Museum.| He saw golden images andfigures in the poesession of a native, but they arerarely found, thongh in the very land of the preciousmetals, and in -no quantity that will bear the least com-parison with the discoveries further north, at Chiriqui. golden age is c7o*e at hand, whatever the Chavets andMr Bollaert's work ia just published in London by .Meistoniers may think of the matter. When poor Trubncc &. Co. Haydon eaw the enlightened Briish public rush-ing past his exhibition room in the Egyptian Hall••—M. Faidherbe, the geography-loving Governor of 74, and died in 162, and are addressed to Horus this magnificent ctthedral of nature—the trees now/Senegal, states in a commmication to M. Jomard, that Hepbsestionides of Alexandria, in reply to sundry tinged with the colors of autumn, blaze in splendor,—MesFT*. Rudd and Carleton have in active prepar-ation editions of the! first English translations of felt that his time had come, and hurried home and.The population is 2,500,000, of which 900,000 are de- scendants ofj the Spanish emigration, 1,400,OOO.are deTMichel*VB famous books, which have breathed a new severed his windpipe with his razor. If he had lived to life into the stu<y of Natural History. "The Bird'' 8«e the public running after the dwarfish pictures ofauthor's own manuscript.voidable and gratifying, is that American publishers can afford to pay an English author a price that willgreat that the largest and most powerful canoes reach small, are either " inlaid" or " mounted," that is such live men as Harvey Ladue in its ranks, yon may Malimba. on the opposite c^ast, only after a sail of a either set into or pasted upon sheets of the size of the rettaseured of a good report at the ballot-box. The day and a half; Roscher was awaiting suj.plies to en- volume. The favorite works for illustration in this Hon. Martin 8chutt, ex-America- .Assemblymen, re-• special claims of his own as tempt him to original composition, and so widen thefield for remunerative employment.t k n , M r . B Chambers s matt of science w dial recognition iaartists; there were two by Decamps, the celebrated m*»y a man has been hung on less evidence than there French artist, which were painted just previous to bisfjSi not fail to meet with cor- ica. His work on "Ancient fed him one of the most accom-ARTITEMS.Sea Margins? hasplashed practicalgeolcmight not be courteous seek to raise, too suddenly,the Tail which corneals iincognito author of " Ves- them are 246 works by French, English, and German tiges Creation/' it stay be saf«ly asserted thatdeath; but there are no American names mentioned among the artists who contribute the works for the ex- hibition.is so deep as to appear of a deep sea-blue. The cavernis seen to continue in a fine arched passage, high abovethe water-level, to a distance far beyond whatharyou will be*r the the thux.dtr of their victorious cannon m November.burg, collected more than 80,000 zoological specimens. trator. .' Senavr Burhaus, a Breckinridge D-rnocrat, but a rerrtheir reputations, appears to be nearly extinct, amongMefrrionier, measuring only eight inohes by six, which contained nothing more than the head of a mwn looking out of a window, recently sold in Paris for 20,000tion of the papyri in the Egyptian Museum at Liver- a more spirited and determined band of RepublicansToe inference, at once una-New-York eight^seers, representing a " student cuttingbis pencil," of similar size, sold for a similar sum. drainage. When works like these sell for such enormous prices,true friends of art will not be apt to predict that theto hot;or Tom Thumb by their presence, he—"The Character ofIChrist" is the tifle of a small for the following remarkable reasons: "The public," days are frequently inteneely hot, and the nights damp occurred three years ago in the south of France.he says, " sneeze upon the pictures, and the saliva and chill. The water, through the entire district it of Bridges and houses on the Veina and other streamsand elegantly-primed volume about to be published by runs down the pictures and positively eate away the the color of strong tea. The patches of ground clearedC. Scrioner, from the pen of Dr. Horace BuahnelL were swept away. At Eidsvold, only the second sto-It forma a, portlcm of his " Nature and the Super- surface of them. One of the most valuable of Mr. in the forest and devoted to a rude agriculture, yield ries of the houses were above water, and the railroad ; aatural," but is a complete treatise in itself; and has Mnlready's pictures was covered with the coughings but a scanty subsistence to their owners. trains were compelled to atopat a great distance from > been so much admired that its production in a separate and sneezings of the public looking close at the picture —Tbe Prussian expedition to Japan was to be at the the town, and send their passengers and freight for~ and langfcing in the presence of it." This certainly mouth of tf'e Peiho in the middle of September, and ta ward in boats. Stromsc,, built upon a-hight, was little volume for presents, *fcc. A substantial new surpasses anything that was ever invented, even, of sail thence directly to Yeddo. Baron von Richthofen, totally surrounded by a little sea. The hamlet ofof which only a few copies were .printed, comprising came a few carriages and riders as messengers bearing news of the approaching crowds. At an early hour of more than 10,000 volumes and an index of 108 volumes. tbe day delegations from some of the towns nearest the city made their appearance. These fired the first gun, but before the sound and roar of shooting had ceased, the more distant precincts began to pourinto the streets of. our ci<y vast concourses *of men, led by bands of music, and bearing with them rail cabins, smith- shope, forges, rail-splitters, weavers, and repre-sentations of the various industrial pursuits of the country: banners of various and signiticans devices, were borne through the streets, and tne rail was every- where conspicuous. Old Conestoga wagons, with their anciesnt-lookinc- boxes, and each drawn by several spans of large, sleek, and steady-footed beraes, theof each science in one division only, when most sciences truest indices of honest industry, roll*d their heavy-*form wifl gratify many who desire an unexceptionable .work on " Christian Nurture," by Dr. Bushnell, will*—Mr. Van def Weyde, Professor of the Natural Sciences at the. Cooper Union, has drawn up and printed a new, classification of the sciences, differing greatly from those of previous-writers. Mr. Van der Weyde claims to have avoided one cause of the unsatiir factory character of all former schemes, even those of such men. as Bacon and Leibritz, namely, the placingthe expectorating habits of the people of the United StateB. Mr. Cole also states that some of the sculp-semblance to the forthcoming treatise. (whatever that may be) from the indecent habits of the visitors in handling and rubbing them. Even the por-the geologistjo'f the expedition, left Trieste in May, Skien was destroyed. In Drammen the water was and proceeded to China by way of Cairo and Singa- several feet detp. The hoties on Muse Island, inhab- pore. As soon as the political andfdiplomatic objects of it*d chiefly by laborers, wore totally submerged.. Iui '.also shortly appear; his former bo jk on that subjectbeing so much altered arid enlarged to bear little re- tures in the Museum had become "quite grubby"; —Mr. Thomas Ewbank has just printed for privatedistributionapaperjread|byhimbeforetheAmerican tobaccojuice,"coughing!"and"sneezings;"atdthe expedition were accomplished, Richthofen's inten- tions were to undertake a thorough geol^gica* explora- tion of the coasts of the KForthPacific from the Amoor rpgionttoVancouver'sIsland- He.willalsovisitthe auriferous tracts of California.Mjoeen the rise Was 22 feet above low-water mark. The inundation lasted for several days, and a very large, amount of property was destroyed. "traits ia our City Hall are as jet entirely free from Ethnological Society,mtan enlarged form, enti^ed although the bronze statue of Jefferson in the Gover-—Charles X V . , the present enlightenedSweden and Norway, whose topographical maps of Sweden, published while he was Crown Prince, are v<ell known to geographers, has presented to the uni- versity of Heleixgfors in Finland, three folio mapsmay properly be classed in two or more divisions. Thin?,geologyisnotonlyapositivescience,butmay JIIBO be classed among the historical sciences, being a narrative of the formation and growth of the earth.weights along the streets, and from the strong voices, ofthehundrede.of.hardyfarmersandmechanics,who crov ded them, there went up such tremendous shouts 88 cities seldom hear. The morning was Consumed ia receiving and quartering delegations, and making gen- eral arrangements for the parade and meeting in the afternoon. When all had been received, assignedplaces, and refreshed, they again appeared in tho' streets, snd, at about 1 o'clock, the procession began to move. By this time the streets had become so denselyLsiurjA,to:* if OfB*.Man:m^ .M Inorganic Forces ordained tC supersede Human nor's Room is somewhat corroded, it is not in the least Slavery." As the produc^on of an acute and original " grubby" from beir g improperly handled.—A very late Italian official publication gives an ideaof tie growing commercial importance .of Genoesecommerce. In 1859, 6,191 Sitrdinian vessels, with atunnage of 387,495, of which 990 were steamers, en drawn by his own hand. One represents the forests, —The printing of books privately, or in limited edi-'U)lt4K '-*! or *ngar >{s tborjgt.t <•* dare too m»'ij in tneb is:-j cannot n± uno better <ot xeej-ects itsfi sume m rv t a Soother n'lthinker, this n a ^ t o ^ attraited much attention. Iffy TJ*» • *i .j***• Cwbank's well-earned leisure is not totally occu-—Pago, the artist, will take a studio in New-York for the Winter.,; • '"''—We learn from The Cincinnati Gazette that the Marquis of Cbandos has given commissions to the Ipied b y subjects of so grave a mood. According to re- brothers John and Godfrey Frankenstein "to ptint for him views at Niagara Falls," and we learn also fromtered the port! The foreign craft numbered 7,851, with a tunnage of 809,343, of which 615 were steam ves- sels. The number of passengers arriving by sea was 46,683. " ..—A map embodying the leading results of the re- cent Russian astronomical and topographical ex Sedition to Choraeean is published in the last number of the Journal of the Geographicti Society of Berlin. Start-another the iron works, and the third the orography of Sweden.tions, is now carried to an extent in this country whichport, he is engaged on a; work, " Three. Years* Resi-would have delighted the soul of that most ardent bib-r crowded, tbat it was with dfiicolty one proceeded, save as went the crowd. As the long line liomariac Dibdin. The Seventy-six Club; Jhe,:^jFadford of vehicles of various dimensions and curious style,dence at Washington; OT. Reminiscence,a of Men and The Gazette that " Godfrey has long been associatedMatters in the Patent Office," which will be pretty with Niagai a." We have no right to question the cor-—iHermann von Schlaghotweit states the longitude Club, Mr. J. Munsell of Albany Mr,p;Janw's' Lenox of surround by a V88t concourse of people,' was movingsure not to want readers,—Dr. Andrew Wynter's new book, " Curiosities of"Civilization," presents so attractive a table of contents that it will probably be selected for reprinting by Bornerectnees of the statement made by The Cincinnati -Gazette, and we have no intention of doiogso; but, considering who and what the Marquis of Cnandos is, w e must take the liberty of remarking .that his givingof Mt. Everest, or, as it is styled by the natives, Mt. Gaurieankar, the highest peak in the Himalaya group, and consequently in the wcrid, to-be 86° 58' east fromGreenwich.—The production of the vanilla bean is now carriedon upon a large scale in th 3 island of Reunion.plant was first introduced from Mauritius in 1817.ia well known that, the process of fructification in Mex- ico, hitherto the largest producer of this article, is ef- fected by the aid of an insect. When the plant was can ied from Mexico to Java, whence it spread to the Mauritius, this insect was not taken with it. Conse- quently, alr.ho.uph the plants flourished vigorously inthis city, Mr. J. Carson Brevoort and Mr. H. C. Mur- through the streets toward the place designated for phy of Brooklyn, Mr. Riggs of Washington and Mr holding the meeting, it was announced ^iat a delega-0 lected froa. i tion, asd to i th*re will lmof our publishers. The articles comprieing it have commissions to American painters for pictures ia very ing from Aeterabad, near the south-eastern extremity—Xothirg, perhaps, give* a stronger idea of the Marquis of Cbandos, the heir to a dukedom, has knowledge of the Central-Asian topography are of state of civilization in Ireland, than the fact, lately as- been industriously trying to make both ends m&st by great importance.highest style of the typograpicai art, and.confined to a 1,700 were received in procession, which then movedcertained, that there ex# t at present about seventy anting as Chairman - of railroad companies and otherchueettp, in 1640, are all that are known to exist, and He introduced to the people Col. A. G. Curtin, the Re- publican candidate for Governor, who was receivedcommercial enterpri-es, and it is understood that his without a bookseller's shop, and stranger still, that six vitit to this country was purely of a business nature,—On the 23d of April, Duveyrier, the Saharan trav-eler, -was at Biskra, to which he had j ast returnedfrom an interesting excursion into Southern Tunisia.HIB observations had enabled him to correct many re-markable errors ill the best maps of Tunis: He visited dition, has published in Germany a series of works, thither near thirty learned and pious ministers, edu- made in this county, adaresded the people at jrreafctowns—containing from 10,000 to 25,000 inhabitants—one of these was recently sold for $786. Prince, the amid the most deafening applause. While Col. Curtia antiquarian and chronicler of New-England, thus was speaking, meetings were organized in other nor>. gland," and of his " OwnlTime," had descended to the possession of the represen ative of his family, then a respectable tailor in London, who actually complained to.a casual visitor of the'mass of rubbish which wasfirmer at Flatlands, Long Island. Art, like Empir$.takes its way westward, and this curious piei>e ofsculpture, which has passed from a Roman Pontiffthrough 4he hands of European prinoes and nobles into noticed by tlie gazetteers. It contnios a population ofin that year, and had the honor of being the first work pjinted in North America." -•ded cemuiUijities, and rousing tlie hearts of the most phlegmatic disposition. When the staid and aober- miudfcd Germans of Pennsylvania are aroused, evi-anxious to be relieved. TJhe fact was not long in reach two hence maygrace thecabinetof a.. 'nativenian colony, and who opoakapure Greek, similar tohas established an agency at Kauagawa, JapaU, at the head of which, in order to comply with the regulations of the Japanese Government, which "admit to tradinggiant asleep and huBhed the clamor of the timid; these can no loi g«r avnil.Carl SchurzuddreMOd the Germans in the evening. He andrested himself to the unilerstandiog of bisau> diiotsina plain and argumentative sneech, aud the rounds of applause elicited, gave ovideuce th*t the thought and philosophy of the German, to the G*r man, Wore proceeding from and penetrating to the brain even to the moving of tb* heart.Pennsylvania is thoroughly aroused; the people are at work and a good acct unt may be expected from them, first in Ootobe.r; secondly ia November; thirdly on the fourth of Mafvh, 1861, when Abraham Liucohi shall-be inaugurated Pr-.bioeut of these United.States—*fog the knowledge of a bookseller, who purchased the whole for a small price, arid then, - after disposing of aSandwich Islander.—Fine Art journals, which flourish. like green bay and angularly free froin barbarisms. There are eightder s i aaetion in London,;! in 1838, when a large sumbeen able to take deep root in our light soiL There engaged in th!e manufacture of wine and rilk. ',have been repeated attempts toestablish publications of —Tbe greaXItalian geographical dictionary, embrac- the kind, but, eitler from lack of ability or lack of a ing classical as well as modern geography, now in proJean Jacques Rousseau, an the receipt of a copy of man. thelatter!s diiseitation ent: tied "Has the Progress ofw a s realized, though many had irrevocably perished. ;documentsof greatvalue•remarkable. It is not long since that all the art treas- ures of the palace of Stowe the noble seat of his father, the Duke of Buckingham, to which he wasThe Itsmall number of copies for distribution among their friends and'public institutions. Mr. C. B Richardson is now printing on large paper fifty copies of Bancroft'sonward to the Commons east of the town; and a most\iImostly appeared in The Quarterly and Edioburgh Re-views, and will be remembered as among the mostamusing portions of these more erudite than entertain-fog mifcellanice. Theyitreat of "Advertisements," heir, were sold,to pay the debts of his improvident pro- Araxes, completely encircling, the great salt desert of «*Focd and i»s Adulterations," "Rats," "Lunatic genitor. The noble family were literally sold out of Northern Persia. An uninterrupted net of triangula- Asyiumi','! "Shipwrecks," "Fires and Fire insur- house and home. The greatest collection of knick- tion, of more than 2,500 triangles, was formed, and ance," "The Police andtHhe Thieves," "Mortality in nackeries in Europe, some of which found their tho bights of over 100 points astronomically ascer- Trades and Professions, "jjecc. way to this country, was then, dispersed, and the tained. The additions thus made to our imperfectbam at the sale Of the effects of Horace Walpole at mentsfor visiting the territory of the Taareg werocain lies the isolated GrSek-town of Stenimachoa, un- piled under his fbop-board, and from which he was the possession of a Long Island fanner, a century or 10 000, who claim to be descended from an early Athe-lin Geographical Society an account of Miv Dn Chail companied by a map.PERGONAL.—The Union Horlogiire of Chaux-de-Fonds, one o? dently eome great interest is at stake. Deceptive the largest watchmaking companies of Switzerland, promiieB and'audacious tbreatenings have kept thoportion to the University df Oxford, sold the remain- trees in England, France, and Germany, have never churches and[nine schools. The inhabitants are chieflypromote a Spartan brevity and decision of speech has kind, but it does not seem to be in a flourishing con- . —The French Government! are about to. publish a bees exemplified in the late dispatches of some mill ary dition. It occasionally contains, however, some ad- decree conferring nationality upon all the colonists of commanders, who have Indeed (since Csesar's " Veni, mirably written articles on the subject of architecture, New-Caledonia, and bestowing upon new colonists the vidi, vici"), been, adepts!]at the art of compression. which have sufficient merit of their own to give char- privileges of French citizenship without the necessity Lord Clyde's telegram aflier his successful siege, "I" acter to the paper in which they appear. As there is of any formality. The produc;ions of the inland aream fa Jxusk, now," is a fair example, bat even Cflesar no subject coanectfd with the arts in which the publicMIX/W AUKRE, Sept. 17,1860.Tho Breckinridge men, or National Democrats, asthey style themselvvs, m^t in S ate Convention in thiacity on tho 4th inet. Despite the ridicule turowaupon it by the Douglas press of the State, ivt was notonly respectable in numbers but in the character of themen'who conipoeed it. A few members of Uie 0pa»veution endeavored to procure the nomination of »yields to Sir Charles iS'ipier, who, after the battle of M*anse, communicates the result in a single word; " Peeeavi," L e., / have siim'd (Scinde).of tbe United States needs enlightenment more than in that of architectural embellishment, we have noticedalso to be admitted to the ports of F;ance free of duty for 21 years, iThis South pacific island u 225 miles in* —The long-expected nv4 edition of Burnet's Manuel Crayon with great satisfaction. The publisher of. <U$ LiUraire has at last potiin an appearance," by the—A Southern man, nettled by some remarks made byj»snc(oftheffa»tp*rtcf*vo|aine 1, from the pros? of. pose in.sustaining his.enterprise, that we should say plantations of cane and coffee in the interior.' Whole you of the esteem with whiclx I am your very humblewngement, A— BibUotheit in 464 pages, double col-Bams, showing an enlargement of aboot one-quartervere, or he would not have held out so long. Mr, Still- twelve mil« s from the shore. Trepang, so much^ used —The late Mr. Adani F. Weston of Bombay has man, who was the originator, or one of the originators, by the Chinee'e, is fouxd* in great almndance along the leftabeqne^t of oyer $700 000 to the town of North.Mobile. •••''• ••,...•'•• .,;' i • ;•••:. '••• ••• combined'vote of the "two factions, hence there wastothi»gtobeg*inedby euch fusion. -It is now vieu—Jacob Greenwood of Starkeville, Ga , who claims known ifiat at lea>t two, if not three^ of the electottlfontbeDOOKWtwket.preferJBreokinridgejand.shouldf there be no chance to elect the UtUe Giaut, they; wov*Untitled DocumentofTheCrayon, abandoneditafterabriefconnectioncocstfl. Coal]exists in large quantities, an importantAUerton,inYorkshire,Enilandjofwhichhe:wasatobeaprophet,-predictsthatGaribaldiwillnotsurvivein many more that I have not described, the water isbeautifully clear, and where deep of a sea-blue."He has just gone to the EJack Ssa on a brief scientific tmr. Upon his return to the capital, he will^repareworthy and respectable man, paid a merited complJ- ~>Dr. C. Simonides, who is engaged in the examina- ment to Governor Morgan. In no place have I found—A work on the geography and statistics of Peru, by G. Davilk Condemarin, lately a professor in thethat mock tbe glory of art—tho morning mist ascendeof the Caspian, the. expedition proceeded by a.circuit- dns route i-hrough Meshed, Horat, Kirman, Jezd, Ispa han and Teheran, to the Russian boundaries on thecheering sight was there witnessed; 20 000 people -preeeinsr eagerly round the speakers stands, to catch the: first glimpse of, and hear tbe firat sentence uttered History, and 100 copies of the Private Diaries of by tbe great men announced to be present. The meet- Washington, from October, 1789, to June, 1792. A ing was popularly organized, by calling to the chair our•*'V;.,NEW-Y6&K. j DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, I860.""V" •^,;•..tion of a Botanical Museum for the Northern Counties Stillman was with Ruehm, in England; "he was*one of ma The Governor is a French nay&l officer, with a ^ E n g l a n d , ^ _„..;_,.-................ ........:;.;..-.••.;•.POLITICAL INTEIIIGENCELand he wrote'-the review of; the last volume of '»Mod poeeeisions^ntfo Pacific^ R c c e n ^ c o v e r i e s indicat- Seme games lately contested at the Nsw-Y ork Chess Corretxwajdeoc^cf Xbeljf. Y. •Ctibvoae.ernPainters)" in tke, September number o f 3 p j | At-lantic Monthly. ':'" .;•''.":/.': \&?; -^K~<-:-kS.£$X\"\, ftcifitate _the colODizatioi> so much desired by1 the t h e W ' ^ 0 0 J M * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ y ^ * his remark- At^^Wocdstock,Ulster''Co ,the Democrats claim %.beautiful in! drawing, and exquisitely tender in the nice perception of the Quaker character which they embody.now ragirg among our literary dilettanti. Bibliograph- ers style it " BlustTating." A single case will illustrategather from it the following statistical details. The control were constantly undertaking expeditions to the area of the republic is 43,800 Spanish square miles. interior. Lieutenants Mage and Pascal returned to St/for he is said to.have a decided turn for affairs, and among bis ether offices be fills that of Keeper of the Great Seal to tbe Prince of Wales, the duties of which are probably not particularly onerous.A curious instince of the dangers which the pa-pers of distinguished med are exposed t->, in the lapse av. the g-eat sale of Stowe, was the famone silver oeH.of years, has been revived throngh a recent inquiry. made by Benvenuto Cellini for Pope Clement VII.,No lor ger ago tban the yiear 1837, the manossripts of and which Raphael has introduced in his portrait of that Tellimin he found two more—one of which bears the the localities of tbe events occurring iu the war of the this work especially to the • Rev. Mr. Weld, and the and mechanics from the rural districts to leave, in thisBishopBurnet,includinghislargecollestionsoforigi- Pontiff. ItwaspurchasedbytheDukeofBacking- IUSmeoftheEmptrorHadrian.Dav*yrier'sarrange- UnitedStatesagainsttheJBarbaryStateB,tobeusedin. Rev,JohnElliotofRoxbury,wellacquaintedwith busyseason,theirwork,andcomeuptohearsomewhatwhole counties are found 'without either a publisher, bookseller, or circulating!! library. . In Scotland, the number of hookeellers asicompared to Irelaad, in the proportion of the population, is nine to one.—Wilhelm Heine, the artist of Perry's Japan Expe-" By 1636 there'were come over—Among tbe celebrated work s cf a^t which were.soldnal documents, letters of the Reformers, &c, and othermaterial for his histories!of the "Reformation in Bn- Strawberry Hill, and it is now in the collection of a .'nearly complete.the decorations of the Capitol at WasViagton. the Hebrew, and the Greek also., .They finished the concerning that which thus moves them. Groat qtee- tions Jyiug, at the root of Constitutional Governments]—Dr. Barth has published in the Journal of the Ber- Psalms in 1640, which were first printed by Mr. Day are agitating the country, penetratiug the most seclu-Gassa, a town built out of materials furnished by Ro-comprising a complete narrative of the operations oflength, on the vital issues of tbe campaign. At another stand ex Gov. K^edcr held forth in a telling address.—On the northern slope of Mt. Rhodope in Bulgariain a receps formed by two projecting spurs of the moun- Iu'a important explorations in Equatorial Africa, ac-that spoken in the Peloponnesus and Western. Greece,—The following letter, translated from an unpub-lished original, was written by Voltaire, while residing privileges..only the citizens of sach countries as have at the palace of Frederick tho Great in Potsdam, to made treaties with Japan, they have placed a French-—John C. Weber, ore of the oldest merchants of Philadelphia, died very suddenly on Wednesday even- ing, at a prayejrmeeting, in the lecture-room of Dr. Barne^e Church, Washington square, of congestion of the brain. ,—The Key Wett Journal of the • 8th inst.," eays:. ' Considerable excitement has been manifested by cer- tain parties in tljis city, who have been <tn the look out for a president or director of one of tho baukiog institu-tions of Havan'a,. who recently absconded from that rity with funds to the amount of $1,200,000. It i« thought that he may viBitthie place on his way toNew- Orleans, should he escape from Cuba, and agents are here for the purpose of arresting him—if they can."fuirion ticker, takit g two or three of the Douglas elec- The Commercial Advertiser on the peculiar institution,. tors, and filling outwiti* Nationals^ This propCsitioah«8 written a letter to the editors of that paper promis- met with no favor, it being generally^conceded• gf* Messrs.Dedot.Itcomprises,inthealphabeticalartheremtu»tbesomeencouragementf»himtoperse-forests'ofthefvaluablesandalwoodextendtenorandveryobedientservant,;., ."VOLTAIHE.".ing,tohangthemtoaChinatreeiftheywillgotonearlyallthatLincolnwouWcarrytheState,overthe,the Sciences and Arts Contributed to the Corruption or the Purification of Morals V-' This essay, it will be remembered, had just obtained for Rousseau the prize of the Academy olDijon: o %the occafcional appearance of, the criticisms in Tlie states that Nunua, the seat of the colonial government, bookj.it appears to me ;hat you/defend your causenow Btyled Port do France, contains a .number of will admirable wiedom iufc I am not a proper judge. I confine myself to tlie task of meriting the marks of The Crayon has manifested so much tenacity of pur- dwellings, and that a few colonists have established friondahip with which you lonor me, and of asauring—Anecdotes of tbe electric telegraph and its place for sucb periodical interlopers in our journalistic ce.-s of publication at Turinj under the title of Dizio-Uses have had a wide currency since the appearanceof Mr. George B. Presccltt's excellent work on its ence. The Crayon has now been published long has reached its one hundredth part, nearly completing **History, Theory, and Practice." Its tendency to enough to teet the necessity for a weekly paper of the the letter H. ; /literature, none of them have enj;>jcd a healthy existnariodi Gtografia Universale, da F. C. Marviocchi,"PjTspAsi, October 3,1750. "SIR: God bless you tor a verse-making philoso- pher! I, who have male too many verses, also wanted to be a little philosophical, but for a long time now I have limited my philosophy to the belief that two and two make four, ani that the three angl«s of a triangle- are equal to two right angles. I disbelieve everything which is not.su joptible of this plain proof, and I unceasingly repeat vanitas vanitatum et meta- pkisica vdnitas. If anybody can give me light in such length by from 30 to 60 in breadth. A late visitor profouud dwkness it is you. I tnank you for yourWill New-York second the motion ? *PROM WISCONSIN. Correftpwdehco of The N. Y. Tribune.J. a. s.additionalmatterfor thisneweditionintheabovespace. An it was officklly acaoanccd that the whole with it, and left it to the sole management of Mr. Dn- fact, since the ifiland is situated in.the route of tho'in- native. The whole sum is to be devoted to the fouuda the 6rBt of next January.. ..,;>,' ':' •*'''• ::.i... -••••••/•fit;•:ment which be endured it the hasds of his servants,while he wss carriedj wo m out with the fever, ia alitter on his long journey from thexjoast to the lake, he the pathology of .the epidemic. A valuable boCk, saj s: " M y affairs are for the rest progressing finely,and my epirits are good. The whole country as far asMozambique and Cazemh 6lies' open before me." Thethen seems to shelve away to a great depth; but no has determined to jom the intrepid traveler and par- five volumes of the works into 20. The result of this may pnt it d<.w« as a fact that Samsoa has shaken the morei is positively known than that, at 18 feet from columns that supported it. A pleasant stage ride throughticipate in his future explorations. Baron von der fnrore has, of course, been the *itabb8hment of houses a phturteqoe country brougt't-mc to Ma^garetsvifle, a tbe tide, the!soundings are 60 feet. At another cave Decken left Europe last April for Zanzibar, devoted to the sale of matter adapted to the purposes ofnear this the, descent is very sudden, so that the water thriving vilJagc on tne banks of the Delaware, directly under the auspices of the'. ioyal Geographical Society the, illustrator. The only matter of regret to the oppoeite Mount Livingstone. There I found a Repub-ments. He took with him an excellent collection of in- Btruments and ample meaj is.frequent ruthless destruction of old books to obtain the engravings which they con*aim Nothing is more com- mon than for the purchaser of some valuable and costiy—During a journey of aeajrly five years (1855-59) in120 feet of line. In every one of the above^-and eeum of 1he Imperial Acalemy of.Science of St. Peters- out, undoubtedly for the benefit of some ardent illus- Morgan preparing to organize for tbe campaign. Ex-questions respecting ancient Egyptian hieroglyphicsSenegambian country and the central regions to the and tbe Kings of Egypt and Ethiopia. They will be vrting ihe offering of grateful admiration, every' moss*he is unremiitiDgly pureuing his efforts to open up thelike the smoke of sacrifice; every rock is an altar in-University Cf Lima, has just appeared at Turin. We east of the Province. Tii'e army officers under his published with as little delay as possible. cuehibted back a foot-stool, chal engiog the knees to—Dr. Livingstone, the African traveler, after many bend in devotion, while the streams shout tbe chorus of praise and thankisgiving. The inhabitant* are princi-entreaties, is to have a >new steamer, to replace- the pally Scotch, consequently a reading, reflecting, intelli- Louis in April from a sucossful journey to Tagant and worn-out one, which he has hitherto employed in his gent people, who will never consent to have their Bombouk. aCapt. Vincent at the same date had quitted explorations. The ierds of the Admiralty have just weird and beautiful city become a hunting-ground for scendants ofj the original inhabitants, and 200,000 are tho camp of the King of Trarza, who had ordered the ' dispatched frOm Woolwich, after a thorough refitting, slaves, nor bow tbeir necks to the yoke of politicalblack and mijxed. The army consists of 600 men, and Aleb tribe to escort him to Adrar, whither' he had tyrants.. On Saturday afternoon there is to be a maas-her Majesty's screw-steam sloop Pioneer, of 350 horse- meeting in the village, and a torch-light procession on safely arrived. Lieut, Lsmbert had been ordered to power, freighted with victualling and other stores for the evening of that day. For a wonder I found an 'fcom the skillful 1and <jjf Dr. J. W. Palmer, to whom abandoned, he would doubtless have been maddened mental income averages about 18,000,000 piasters, and the month of the Rio-Nunoz, a river emptying into the the exploringparty. It is to be placed at the com- orthodox minister here who is a Democrat, but I will not pass a harsh sentence upon him, for he was brought up in tbe City of New-York, and was formerly a law- yer, and he has not been in the County long enough to/L'OiseauJ, and «The|lnsect" (Ulnsctc). They areM. Mkhelet's " liove"jaod " Woman" were indebted by the eptctacle, as he was by the popularity of our the expenditures 16,000,000.; The national debt is 44^- ocean in north latitude 10° 30", and* was to go thence to—British tourists in America make loud complaints •of the expectorating habits of our countrymen, and Louisiana, where he was a naturalized citizen, and often with great justice, it must be confessed; but it admits of a serious doubt whether we'are half BO. nineteenth century. He has a family connection with America, his father-in-law residing for a long time in.GREA T MEETING IN PENNSYL V ANLLmar)iedaSouthernladyl Beforeheleftthecountryhe emancipated all his slaves. Similarity of sentiment guilty in this respect as our British cousins. In a re-JL.,.LANCASTER,Pa,Sept.20,I860.the French school, while his own heroic figures werethe navy corfsists of eight war steamers. The govern-for their presentable Ei-gliah dress—a matter of no native American homunculus. The more sensible plan 000,000 piasters. Peru possesses enough guano to Fouta-Dialon, and return i>y way of Faleme. Intelli-mand of Dr. Livingstone, immediately_upon its arrivalsmall delicacy, and effected, strange to say, to the per-fect satisfaction of the author The forthcoming woiks public taste, and, instead of painting heroic figures of of 260yearsj i : • „ . •in the waterlPbfthe Zambesi.'areamenabletononeoftheobjectionssometimesurgedagainst the two "last-mentioned books. They combinethe highest y ^ of iscientific investigatiou Wiethebrightest and tenderest traits of an imagination, which [ pubBc taste, the next best^ thing for him to do is topeeves that if Mi Michf let were not one of the first bend himself to it. V'-fcistorians, he would be one of the great poets of the—In the southern part of the City of Ningpo, in China,occupyingabuildingstandinginthecenterofawould have been to ada^t himself to the exigencies ofallow of the exportation of 100,000 tuns for a periodgence had already been received that he had progressed as far as Timbo. The Governor expresses his determi- nationto "wipe outthewhitespots" onthe'mapsofexperience a political purification, nor in the ministry long enough to realize tbe fact that freedom is one of thenand-maidsofgenuineChristianity. Iwilleuggeet to him that tbe Democratic party is the only peny that is not Democratic—tbe party ,that hates the " higher law"—tbe party whose special mission seems to be to defend Slavery, and perpetuate Slavery agitation. The Republican County Convention is in session to-day atDentatustopaintpigmymenlookingoutofwindows.It is bard that an artist cannot f >libw the bent of his o wn—Thegeographyofthenorth-easternportionoftheRussian province of Nishni-Novgorod, inclosed by the those portions of Africa ly ingwithin his reach. Lieut. beautiful garden,' is the private library of the Fan^ ^ h e j y ^ m U c a m o t b a n d ^ rivers Volga and -Vetlug^., owing to its distance from, Arietide Vallon has laid before the Geographical So- any great route of travel, has been hitherto almost uh-- ciety an interesting narrative of bi3 surveys of thefamily. It cofitaios,, according to the catalogue, 4,094works in 53,799 kieun or thin volumes. It was foundedby the Yung family, but was subsequently purchasedand greatly augmented by its present possessors.When the Emperor Kienbung, in 1774, desiringto in-crease the Imperial library^printed a catalogue of itscontents, and distributed wpjfips of it among the literary Cone»poadence of The N. Y. Tribune. menofChina,herequestedallwhoreceivedittosend1 nown. But Mr. Archangelski, iu'a paper read a few rivers between St. Louis and Sierra Leone. He ex- we*kp fince, [before the Imperial Russian Geographical plored the Salum, Cazamance, Ketafine or Cassini, Society, has described its physical features at great Pongo, and Mallecory, some Of which he was the first length. It isi covered by illimitable forests, interrupted European to navigate. He gives many singular de- hereand there by the thinly-scattered hamlets,of the in- tails of the ethnology and i atural history of the regions; habitants,apoor'andneedy,raceofpeople. Thechief throughwhichtheyflow.Delhi. Lo. w . B.One of he largest and most enthusiastic political meetings ever held in this District convened here yes- ture, and an intnes ing account of his career is given by Mr. H. Cole, he urges the i>ec98bity of inclosing the but more often sandy. The Climate is ten degrees the early part of the Summer, was the scene of kn in- they received in return a set of the Ku Kin Tu Shu terday. From early morning until la*e at night ourin the introduction to UQiseau. pictures and prints in the Kensington.Museum in glass, colder than the surrounding country. In Summer, the undation .scarcely less extensive than that jwhich T&i.Ching, o r " Reprinted Collection of Rare Works," usually quiet city was moved with excitement. First-made him the confidential friend of Toussaint L'Ouver-port recently made to the British Museum Committeetrees are fir and birch. The soil is sometimes swampy,—The region abont Lake Mjosen, in Norway, duringthe favorable soil and climnte of Reunion, they bore no fruit until the Creole Edmund, a few years since, in- vented a method of artificial fecundation, by means of. an ingeniously' contrived instrument. Both species, the ct arse and the fine, now bear abundantly. -still more important work of the same publisher, is own distinguished statesman and most honored fellow- fifty copies of an'exact reprint of the Bay PsJm ciuzen, the Hon Thsdcue Steveas,who, in a short speecheet forth the principles of the People's party. Mr. S. ia Book, the first work printed within the limits of th* the unanimous choice of the people of his District,United States. Four copies of the original edition,. there being no competitor for Congress in the field printed by Stephen Daye at Cambridge, Massachu-. there is hence no occasion for a defining of bis postiionl•'J. Wimberley Jones of Georgia have all printed i u- .preesiens of valuable historical documents, in thetion from Philadelphia had just arrived at the depot; pealing shouts and loud hurrahs rang along the line, and forthwith, our city cousins, to the number ofexit*me £>o i r;act#. !Tb:* > great fear ih the Democil yincietire de of both winj Everett in iteelf ioctiLS n.ot to ' I of the coun^ Xiincoln but' Doualss, yr; in 1840, in a. Tber«is osn« this S'ace > ticket only .. It is'COLceii Douglas can obtain a jpa*$ opinion, t^ef • Lb »ell psrfj peoi>le ufci'e tbej can b* 4 barmony, yti and strife" & with such .jit meciat* ly >ifi —if there be property tnuj xrempure;iA) the apprer.et tbi^ con^n j« wral is to b* to i t dis»olv\ potitt.tion* .i.MACHrMT of Faicmooj proved m»d siade know?;some time b* ebont thrte t wide (on th bight. 2Sfe«r piece, and tk tachedto a pi beld down ! other by a stpieces allow along the tr,ps*sitg' at the* otteris folded < athe orduii .laid in the sqneeced orbulk. I n t l attaching th head to a" three inchei the bolt ..'a head.Ar;.bead where and'rollers, back the im requires bu machine, to: made for ubrulerofsame exalted principles of scripture purity in religiousbe wae enabled to decipher and copy a number of un- peared at Liepzig. The same writer has lattly written worship, they set themselves to translate the Pstimp, Grow, Wilmot, and others also addressed the people.man ruins in the vicinity, and in tho streets of whichthe Expedition, the third a id last of which has just ap-kno wn Roman inscriptions. At Seagi, another city, ,hV dug up. from the earth another Latio inscription, and ata volume entitled " A Summer Journey to Tripolis'" (Berlin, 1860), whither he^veiit to make drawings ofand other Scripture Songs, ioto English meter, as near as possible to the inspired original. T«ey committedCertainly, it w no ordinary matter that could induce so vast a number of the quiet and industrious farmerssuch works as jwere not mentioned in it to Pekin. TheFan family sent copies of 696 Jare works, for whichThe Fan library is accessible only to members of the family* . ;speaks of the book.cated in the universities',of England, and, from the'.•0>5 &M&<a crowd of spectators; and one of them, a young m * r -In Roxbury, a quiet, rural town, noted for fta excel- lent bmter, its capital Actdemy and the intelligence of :.i •."Mm mm-:•'IiiiinMMiiiiMiiirii i IIII mimwww.fultonhistory.com^ak....Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 