 ; >•'aight, could have fearlessly awaited the attack ofCentralization would kill them, federa-»tion of Constantinople, and domination over Eu- choice. The French in those expeditions to the stations further from the coast. With the rapid wear rope, from any point whatever, is now the dream3|iA* the first, «rfpo«*My nttfce tamefene the hat ^cfc^f^W^S^aiiisk'wwr in Morocco hat BOW beenCHINA.i i•Marshal O'Donnell to march an army along thesea-shore for a whole month, and to accomplish inthis time the immense distance of twenty-one men to hold it; but this is evidently much exagger- by Theodosius. • It was by this marvelous central-J "--.^~«—„«..— -•.- .•I5jBZMtoxisn WAR.^ I.—1H>IIII s» '<*.especiallythroughoutjaocceB*./T4makeM. tN«iin^rov*rementabene- thatindividualcas.-Sdjofhardshipariseunderthis ofrestrictionsuponmternalcorranercetherealroadto I ficial and productive, the countries up<on which they law, I hol&the^ thereis seldomCan unhappy mar- an extended intercourse with' 'other'""rations of* tba course. formanexception.)|Even for^the•Christianpou;* are.fcuiltmust.betheabodeofmduatry. No'people riagethatVas not originally an unworthy one— world. With us,the great obstacle standing irithe But this,he might^d;0ubtedlyhavedone. With lations ; of Turkey the thnebas gone l*y\ to on earth surpasses the Bulgarians in: la^oribus- hasty and heedless if not positively vicious. And if way of domestic commerce, is found-m those large* ness; but no industry' no agriculture can ever people will transgress, God can scarcely save British capitals which, as we are now officially in-if .fr-*>>,a member of a Greco-Slavic confederation it would know and love, and who does not thus know and great changes that have since occurred. That such is any number of Moors. Bat a division could have tion will foster and encourage them. In federation lose its sting, and become a mart for the commer- IcfVe you, yours is the crime, the shame; yours be the case, is known to all the world, and yet I find noand respected eitixen* Generous, warm-hearted, energetic, and* « » g ^ 2 ^ £s|§jiEWiTM^ troopswereyoung,ananot»^4^omeato'•St^^l^^^^^^iS^eaemy, it took Marshal O'Donnell not less thi>;aa month to bring his troops to within sight of thatGreek, Roman, or Byzantine. Crude attempts atThe various elements into which the Turkish Em- federation resound from the Helleno-Ionic past. York, and which only pennits divorce in case of adul- cultural products are high in price, whilefinishedcom-pire must dissolve are already surrounded by cer- The Tartar-Turkomans covered with desolation tery, ; Jhe writer''falls foul of that- "semi-barbarous" modities are cheap, and that the country become more peoplcf,theJews,andtheirlegislator^Moses,whose richandindependentfromyeartoyear. Wexeraseto tain bodies which will facilitate their crystalliza- lands so sacred in the philosophical history of the law of divorce Mr. E. D. Owen professes to quote grant protection, and therefore do we sink deeper intion. On the north are the Principalities and Ser- human race. They completed the ruin of Asia. verbatim from Deuteronomy ^xiv., i.: " When a Colonial vassalage from day to day.bia; west and south are Montenegro and Greece. The day is dawning for renovation to succeed to man hath taken a wife and married her, and it come to Foreign competition in the domestic market is, how-paes tbat she find no favor in his eyes, then let himThese States, wholly or half independent, would death. The remains of the highly-endowed Semitic write ner a bill of divorcement and give it in her hand ever, as we here are told, indispensable to improve^paralleled slowness of march; and it is plainwas as eager to get to Tetuan as any of his soldiers; ke has *hown bravery, circumspection, coolness, aad other soldierly qualities. If it took him amonth to arrive before it, how could heTetuan, its retreat was far easier than if it had been encumbered with baggage and field artillery.O'DonnelTs progress from the Montes Negros,which he passed almost without opposition, wasthis is Marriage, and that other is something else. Testament. But I should like to know, and I ask you,have done the same thing in a, week ? quite in keeping with his former slowness. ThereChristian denomination—uniformly covenant to do. I distinctly remember that my marriage covenant was *'for better, for worse," and "until death do" part." I presume yours was the same. \omit the pith and marrow of a law against which he directs his /assault. -O'Donnell - had two ways before him to bringwas again a throwing up and a strengthening of re-He cannot be .^>^.^^...hai^;a<b>pDtete|d|this vcatefafefoai^IkwighttftntHi *** aaalltb© detailed official everymancarrvj^.ft^^B provisions,withallhis receive the directions of ci^izaiapa b^y order,formed,constitute"thegreatrrigtrrunentsofwarfare* against the competing capitals of other countries, and are the most essential instruments now remaming by which the manufacturing supremacy" ofEngland " canbe maintained;" and in protectmgW people against•gemcrtshave arrived,we mayonce more return «• the subjectmountain gv^^^-perhaps a battery offieldguns, from above. Give them^ liberty, ar^ they will and as many ^ r e * as he could W r y on the backs retrieve theinmanhood. Restore i ^ n i to their nor-flourishundertheputridbreathoftheTurkomans. themfromconsequentsuffering; and do not think The irresiBtable current of events, sweeping away you or I can.pitfefpondeao*ofTb«N.7.Tribwi*. HONG KONCSince the startling affair at £eiho, matters have seemed^to t »or* of half quiescence, though so has prevail*d with respect to w neit move, that every one is reament at short notice. It is or.1; present mail from England that new allied, forces being sent, out tliajfwd;and,evennow,wearea? knowing what the forces will do I f an advance upon Pekin is in v upon the threshold of the mo:tmal conditions, give them sejtf-government, destroy Saes of Ceuta, in order to advance'upon Tetuan, , from fjeu t e i ^ 5 approached Tetuan as quickly as forever the possibility of, n regime of Fanariotes,..• Yours,New- York, Marcb 11, I860.HORACE GREELEY.OB the first of January the Spanish army left theof bis m u V a n a horses, he might have marched off"the Moslems from Europe, may extend over AsiaMinor, over regions which were for countiess cen-possible. Take all difficulties into consideration, and these population-Greeks, Albanians, Bulga-«ay time seriously attacked, or stopped by the eight miles a day is certainly little enough. But say rians, and SlaveV«-will each in its own circle at Minor was flourishing in many of her variousthat most destructive " warfare," w« are but follow* Sin; Your paper of yesterday, 12th inst., contains a ing in the direction indicated by the most eminentwhkh is only 21 miles distant. Though never atturies the womb, the home of civilizations. Asia To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.five; this would give four days marching. Say twodays for engagements, although they must be poor iewn. The absence of roads, and the necessary victories that do not imply a gain of five miles of caution are not sufficient motives for this un- ground. This would give six days in all, and would includealldelayscausedbytheweather,foran that the command, of the sea possessed by the army without a train can certainly do four or five Spaniards, was not utilized to the full ex- miles a day in any weather almost. Thus the army would arrive in the plain of Tetuan before the pro-once rush to work, and cultivate the rudiments of order and civilization. /independent portions before she became Persian,letter ^bearing the signature of Bobert Dale Owen. French economists, from Colbert to Chevalier. France) Afte? eulogizing the doctrine of the New-Testament,•v?bi#4 is carried out in the law of the State of New- has protected her people, and therefore is it, that agrf,»p his troops. First, he might rely chiefly on doubts, as if the best organized army had been' op-the communication by land, and use the ships posed to him. A week was thus wasted, althoughsecond line of communication with Ceuta, opponents. The Spaniards appear to have behaved maintain that the basis of their Janguage seems to nseful, but anything but indispensable. This very well during this action; of the merits of the indicate a closer affinity to the Latin than to theCRISES- THEIRCAUSES1 |merely as auxiliaries. This is what he did. Heorganized a regular land transport for his pro-visions and ammunition, and took with the army anumerous field-artilleiy of 12-pounders. His army for the construction of such a' camp one or twowas to be entirely independent of the ships, in case days ought to have been sufficient. At last, on the•f need; the ships were to serve merely as a. 4th, he attacked the intrenched camp of his Black Seas and the Danube. Some philologistsThat Jesus of Nazareth, in opposition to theplan, of course, entailed the organization of an tactical arrangements we are unable to judge, the immense train of carriages, and this train neces- few correspondents in the Spanish camp dropping sitated the construction of a road. Thus a week all the dry military details in favor of good painting was lost until the road from the lines to the beach and exaggerated enthusiasm. As the correspondent had been constructed; and almost at every step, of Tht London Times says, what is the use of mythe whole column, army, train and all, was halted, describing to you a piece of ground which you until another piece of road had been made for the ought to see, in order to judge of its nature ! The next day's advance. Thus, the duration of the Moors were completely routed, and the followingframed by immigrants. The Albanians are not of the utter and flagrant violation of its essential on good terms with the Serbs and other Slavi condition by the other party.around them. About 200,000 Albanians are scat- —And now, allow me to say that I do not see tered over Greece and the Peloponnesus, whitherThere are some general chai and its affairs which it seem.s stood mthe States; and for v atandhig an immense amount omarch was measured by the miles of road which the Spanish engineers could construct from day to day; and this appears to have been done at the Tate of about half a mile per day. Thus the very means selected to transport the provisions neces- sitated an immense increase of the train, for the Jonger the army remained on the road, the more, ofday Tetuan surrendered.This closes the first act of the campaign, and if the Emperor of Morocco is not too obstinate, it will very likely close the whole war. Still, the dif- ficulties incurred hitherto by the Spaniards—diffi- culties increased by the system on which they have conducted the war—^show that if Morocco holdsCriticisms must seem for the mbetter than they now obtain for two ? Assuredly^ j of place. If we go to the mo «ay that England has no. rightagainst such opponents, simple field-works would have sufficed; he couldnot expect to be attacked by any artillery equal to six of his mountain guns, andANDEFFECTS.course, it must consume. Still, when, about the out, Spain will find it a very severe piece of work. Constantinople with all its recollections of past18th January, a gale drove the steamers from the It is not the actual resistance of the Moorish irreg- coast, the army was starving, and that within sight ulars—that never will defeat disciplined troops so , of their depot at Cenia; another stormy day, and long as they hold together and can be fed; it is the one-third of the army would have had to march uncultivated nature of the country, the impossibilitygrandeur and with all its indestructible Circeancharms and seductions; its geographical position Jesus, and his unquestionably correct averment inferior quality, his vocation did not nourish, and both he and the spare to go into the business of iron-making for a living, and notBut you say that, if my position is sound, I make back to fetch provision for the other two. Thus it of conquering anything but the towns, and to draw saying is not very well substantiated—that .the pos- " a sweeping assertion" against the validity of theby side for a few years in the shop-windows of Paris, if the duty to which cutlery is still to be subject will permit it, and we think we may venture to pledge ourselves that the French workmen will show themselves in due.time no way behind their English rivals. W e may expect the same result to take place which has so much astonished and puzzled the friends of protection in Sar- dinia, where the removal of prohibitions and pretective duties hasspite of the competition of European iron-masters who have ta bring their products three thousand miles to find a market."To all this you would of course reply, that " finan- cial fluctuations" created monopolies, and " n e v e r broke their hold;" that men of " akiil and enterprise"were not generally rich enough to compete with sucli rivals aS The London Times,- that domestic competi- tion had already given us " cheaper ways and cheaper processes" than any other country,in the world; thafc the freight of a sheet ef paper was as nothing corn-spared with the cost of editorship and composition;~ ~,,.-. KV—1—^^^^p1tent. Nor is it an excuse that a roid had to heja&de for heavy guns and provisions. Both should visions it carried were consumed; in case of need, prevent chaos from resulting upon the expulsion of and Arian races have preserved the germs of a new and send her out of his house." Now, I would re- ment in the modes of manufacture. This being really •which have yet trangpired. If,. 1the steamers were there to land fresh supplies- tiki axmy, provided with a week's provision, and during the march, as they actually did. Moroccothe Turks, and facilitate the formation of new mem- bers of a confederacy. The Tschemogortsy, or in- habitants of the Black Mountain, who have been in- dependent for nearly a century and a half, are called robbers and marauders by the Magyar liberals. But this small tribe of Serbs, singlehanded, reconquered its independence against fearful odds, and main- tained it for a time nearly equal to that during which about half of the Magyars willingly recog- nized Turkish supremacy. Turkish Croatia and the Herzogovina may fuse and form a unit, or join Ser- bia and Montenegro. Bosnia, although inhabited by a Slavic race, is more than any other portion imbuedwithMohammedanism,andtheBosniacs are generally unfriendly to their Christian country- men. But their return to Christianity will be al- most instantaneous as soon as the Ottoman rule dis- appears from Europe. Bulgaria is another Slavic unit. Roumelia is inhabited by Greeks and by Slavo'-Bulgarians. The Slavic region will fall nat- urally to Bulgaria; the Greek to Greece and to Con- stantinople. The Albanians present an ethnic andspectfully ask of Mr. B. D. Owen, how is it that, in so, how is it, my dear Sir, that France has so very tions be confined to the captiu Europe is to' give them a vitalizing impetus; not, transcribing these words out of the Bible, he has left much improved inthe Various branches, m which fo~ of the forts at the Peiho.out* and altogether omitted the words "because he eign competition has been so entirely 'prohibited T apology from the Emperor and ihave been principally carried by the ships, whilelife, like the seeds found in Egyptian sarcophagi.m other guns than the mountain artillery (carriedon the backs of mules) could have reached thebights above Tetuan in five days at the utmost,and waited with the Kios division, which then, aswell as three weeks afterward, could not be pre-is no worse country for ground or weather than Al- geria, and the French have done far more there inthe midst of Winter, and far away in the hills, too, without any steamers to support and supply them. Once arrived on the heights of the MontesNegros, and master of the pass to Tetuan, the communicationhowever, by the application of antiquated formulas, hath fbund some uncleanness in her," which form an How is it that Belgium and Germany have so far su- but by putting them in condition to germinate, to integral part of the first verse in the twenty-fourth perceded EDgland in regard to woolen cloths? Hoveveated from landing at the mouth of the Wahad elJeml The battle of the 4th of February might with the fleet in the roads of San Martin was safe,cleanness," is throughout Sacred Scripture invariably need to express illicit sexual intercourse. Vide Leviti- cus xviii, where the word occurs several times, and is renderea "nakedness."Into the argument on divorce it is npt my intention to enter; and as it is not parliamentary to impute mo- tives, I must not say that Mr. R. D. Owen intention- allymutilatedthetexthequotes,leavingoutwords which folly prove that this Word of God, through Moses his servant, so cavalierly, not to say unfairly treated by Mr. E. D. Owen, is identical with the lawof our State which he praises as derived from the Newhave been fought, and probably under still more iaverable aspects for the Spaniards, on theand the sea formed the base of operations.' Thus, with a little boldness* the period during which the army had no base of operations but itself, wouldIndiana:you. yourself are, is it not time that you should open j native troops from India, it rein*your eyes to the fact that it is to the stimulation of do- I fbey compare with the Mongols <mestic competition for the purchase of raw raaterialey f tain is it that a new enemy, arid4Kb or 7th of January; thus thousands of men have been shortened from a month to a week, andand for the sale of finished <x>nunoditie8, we must look for any and every increase in the wealth, happiness,, andfreedomofourpeople?The more perfect the possession of the domestic mar- ket, the greater is the power to supply the foreign one — T H E TRIBUNE being enabled to supply its distant subscribers so very cheaply, for the reason that it and its fellows have to fear no competition for home adver- tisements from The London Times., or Post. "This* principle," as you yourself have most truly said," Is common to every business. Every manufacturer practices it, by always allowing the purchaser of large quantities of hi* surplus manufacture an advantage over the domestic consumer^ for the simple reason that the domestic container must support the manufacturer, and as the quantity of go«d« consumed athomei is very much larger than that sent abroad, it is the habit of th«i manufacturertosendbis*surplusabroad,andsellatanyprice, so as to relieve the market of a surplus which might depress pricoS at home, and compel him to work at little or no profit."Admitting now that it were possible for The Loadors Times to supply, on everyJWening, a paper precisely similar to yours—forcing abroad the surplus, and eell-ble than any which has before »'p; in these hardy Northern Chinese is good reason to doubt the op freelyexpressed,concerningRiis assistance being at the servicei t is a fact beyond dispute that, jlocation and gunnery" much has| npt badly learned, from foreign j tby of note, too, that, in plae^ oftest through sickness would have been spared, . .aadbythe8thofJanuaryTetuanmighthavebeenthe bolder plan was therefore the safer of the two; forthemoreformidabletheMoorswere, themore the slow march of O'Donnell became dangerous.taken..This seems a bold assertion. Surely, O'Donnell And if the army had been defeated on the road tohistoric problem.Slavi and the Greeks, stretching their roots amongThey are hedged in between the!Yoar%*FINANCIALA SEMI-BARBAROUS RABBI.the latter.ancient Epirots, perhaps a new combination of the various tribes and races which dwelt or roved in Roman times and until the dawn of the Middle Ages between the Adriatic, the Egean and theThe race is mixed; perhaps a remnant ofHI.ideas and usageB current in his time, alike among Jews and Gentiles, expressly declared Adultery to be the only valid reason for dissolving a Marriage.In Albania Proper they may number about 1,300,- our standard dictionaries define Marriage as I do 000 souls. All these reasons give to the hardy and deny the name to any temporary arrangement; mountaineers of Albania the right to form an inde- you do not deny that I have truly stated Christ'splying the material 10 be wrought or the faculties of the arti»anwho brings it to a useful shape. The ores of the French minesyield metal of an excellent quality, and the French race is one ofthe most ingenious and dextrous inthe world. In all manufac-tures requiring tne nicest precision and the greatest delicacy ofworkmanship the French may be said to excel the rest of man-kind. Out of the most unpromising and apparently intractable you would. v materials their skillful hands fabricate articles of use or ornamentpendent unit.That part of Greece which is still groaning under the Turks will find its natural center in Athens and in the kingdom already constituted, or may form a State by itself. Above all these countries towersdoctrine on the subject (whereof the Christian cere- monial of Marriage, whether in the Catholic orProtestant Churches, is. a standing evidence);I am willing to let your criticism on Christ's state- ment pass without comment. So with regard to Moses: I am content to leave Moses's law of divorce to the brief but pungent commentary ofof the most pleasing and becoming forms. What, then, is the reason that their cutlery is so much inferior to that of Great Britain ?" In all probability the reason is that which at one time caused the silk trade to languish in Great Britain, which at one time made the people of the same country complain that their glass was both bad in quality and high in price. In both these in- stances the competition of foreign artisans was excluded; the British manufacturer having the monopoly of the market, there was nothing to stimulate his ingenuity: he produced articles ofAddressing such arguments to your British free-trada fi iends,they would, however, refer you to the columns of The Post, begging you to study the assurance that had[there been given, that—"Whenever the course of financial fluctuation shall h a w broken the hold of monopolists and speculators upon thymines of iron and coal, which the Almighty made for the commou use of. man, and whenever there shall be men of skill and enterprise t«1interchanges of trade; and The an styled civilized nations, t our ships and all our citizen? a: gooi grace may American e-d English interference.But wtile we are as much ii 4jnite as unwelcome too. ii" it stricted entrance to the count flock to the <Spen ports for danger; while our vessels sail nacoast, which but for the Br so swarm with pirates that nc "Utileweaw-gatheringthefi ^-UJK. «.ug,\andT and not aiwjaste or good manners in re; 'nnd not ourselves, has sown; i gland is shaking the treeiuatiling the apples as lustily, sui ^can don to keep still and ncJhemanin the tree.Your correspondent is awJecttotrus opinion, for it is f8 oldcwmtry, and sometimes sthe present case there are but! JEither we must set the exam nese alone, and going away• cease to complain of Enghyu -through which we are the i;n proper sketch of Chinese chai *he limits of a newspaper aprominent points must b*' home writers to criticise j««t or American "ffieials in Ullies* briefly:I. The Chinese are not ariintensifies the halo surrounding its name.Napoleon is reported to have said—although thisthat "from the beginning it was net so."community were dissatisfied. So with regard to the cutlery of on speculation, who shall set their wits atIt to find out the best France, the difficulty has been the prohibition of the foreign arti- ways'andthe cheapest processes, it must be that sueh an abund-cle. Let the foreign and the French commodity be looked at side ance both of ore and fuel can be made to yield plenty of iron, izzsessor ef Constantinople was the master of Europe.marriages now existing in Indiana and other di-supplies even from them; it is the necessity of dis-persing the army in a great many small posts, which,after all, cannot suffice to keep open a regular France, and with far better logic. Fourier con- people in those States—I.trust ninety-nine hund- caused a hundred different branches of manufacturing industry tow a s that Marshal O'Donnell managed to promenade 18,000 Spaniards along the coast of Africa for a whole month at the rate of two-thirds of a mile amaterially shortened the length of this unparal- of the force be sent to escort the convoys of stores The activity, the conditions of EuropeajB social; po- remain faithful until death, and they are fulfilling their power to study both aides of; this question, Ivorcing States. O no, Sir I Nine-tenths of the communication between the conquered towns, and siders Constantinople as the future central phoLms- redths—were married by Christian ministers, under DEAR SIRFrederick the Great said something similar aboutday. This system of provisioning the army onceadopted, no power in the world could have very which cannot be victualed,'unless the greater part tbrc. Napoleon's dictum is not sustained by events. the law of Christ. They solemnly covenanted to the Union Bhould, as far as possible, have it withinleled march; but was it not a mistake to adopt it. ataJQ?If Tetuan had been an inland town, situated twenty-one miles from the coast instead of four miles, no doubt there would have been no otherover a roadless country, and across constantly re- j litical, industrial, and commercial development are that promise. Your easy Divorce laws are nothing here, as you see, lay before my readers your latest ar-appearing clouds of Moorish skirmishers. It is no longer concentrated about the Mediterranean. to them; their consciences and their lives have no gument against protection, thereby affording them3M3EI8IHO*OTIIKV*TWunfold their innate characteristics, and to rise to achapter of Deuteronomy, after the sentence, " find no favor in his eves," and before the sentence " then let hinj write," o&c.is it, that American newspapers have so much im-genuine self-culture.MARRIAGE—DIVORCE.To the Hon. EOBBBT D A I S OWBW ofDEAR SIR: In my former letter, I asserted and(I think) proved thatI. The established, express, unequivocal diction-arymeaningofMarriageisunionforlife.Whetherany other sort of union of man and woman heor be not more rational, more beneficent, moremoral, more Christian, than this, it is certain thatwell known what it was for the French, during the Besides, railroads, steamers, and telegraphs have part in those laws- Y our t State might decree that th at opportunity of-judging for themselves which you that all these latter costs were, inthe case ofthe Britishfirst five or six years of their African conquest, to revictual even Blidah and Medeah, not to speak ofreduced, almost to nothing, the strategic significa-any couple may divorce themselves at pleasure, and still those who regard Jesus as their Divine Master and Teacher would hold fast to His Word^ and liveso systematically deny to the readers of The Post. Why is it that it is so denied 1 Is it that the British system can be maintained in no other manner than by such concealment of great facts as is here so clearlyjournals, paid by the domestic market; that " the do- mestic consumers supported the British manufacturer;*^ that the quantity of journals consumed at home was so very great that their producers could afford to sell abroad " at any price"—thereby "relieving the mar- ket of a surplus which inight depress prices at homo, and compel them to work at little or no profit;" and that, for all these reasons, it was absolutely necessary to grant you 'such protection as would give you thesame security in the domestic market as was then en- joyed by your foreign rivals ?interior of Algeria found the same difficulties and and tear of European armies in that climate, six of a lunatic. True it is, that the past seems to jus- according to a "higher law" than that revised and obvious? While enlarging upon the deficiencee ofrelaxed by you. ".,.•'• French cutlery, as resulting from protection, was it I dissent entirely from your dictum that the necessary to shut out from view the important fact, words of Jesus relative to Mairiage and Divorce that under a protective system, more complete, and may have been intended to have a local and tempo- more steadily maintained than any other in the world, ral y application. On the contrary, I believe he, Prance has made such extraordinary progress in all textile manufactures, that she now exports of themor twelve months of such a war will be no joke for a country like Spain.tify to a certain extent such speculations and pre- dictions. The Byzantine Empire accomplished wonders during an existence of nearly a thousand years. But nine-tenths of these wonders are due to the circumstance that Constantinople was the focusovercame them in the same way, though withgreater energy and quickness. The English inIndia and Afghanistan were saved this trouble bythe comparative facility of finding beasts of burden will naturally be Tangier. The road from Tetuanaad provender for them in those countries; their to Tangier lies across a mountain pass, and thenartillery was light, and required no good roads, as down the valley of a river. It is all inland work— of a most powerful centralization, commenced un- unlike Meses, promulgated the eternal and univer-The first object of attack, if the warbe continued,the campaigns were carried on in the dry season no steamers near to furnish stores, and no roads. der the Roman Republic, and developed and per-sal law, founded not in accommodation to special to the extent of almost hundreds of millions ofdollars annually—supplying them at home and abroad , our producers of cloth and iron, coal and lead ? Doe*only,whenarmiescanmarchstraightacrossthe Thedistanceisabout26miles. Howlongwillit eonntry. But it was left to the Spaniards and to take Marshal O'Donnell to do this distance, andfectedundertheEmperorsprevioustoConstantino. Under his successors Byzantium became 4L still bet- ter-perfected focus of centralization, which it con- tinued to be after the division of the Roman worldcircumstances,butintheessentialnatureofGod socheaply,thatshefindsherselfnowreadytosubsti- thepolicyyouadvocatetendtoplacetheminapositionand Man. I admit that he may sometimes have tute protective duties for the prohibitions which have successfully to contend with those British manufacturera withheldtruththathedeemedBosauditorsunable solongexisted?Woulditnotbefarmorefairand who"voluntarilyincurimmenselosses,inbadtimes,irsj •anddefensiveweaponsareorhow many men will he have toleave in Tetuan ? He is reported to have said that it will take 20,000to comprehend and accept, but I insist that what He did set forth was the absolute, unchanging fact.order to destroy foreign competition, and to gain audi Ithe fearful ingenuity of lore ^ienwithrevolvers andMIDhundred Chinese with pik^miles. ated. With 10,000 men in the town, arid a 10sal ization that the Eastern Emperors subdued the mil- But I did not cite him to overbear reason by au-• It is evident from this that both appliances and brigade in an entrenched camp at San Martin, the ideas in the Spanish army are of a very old-fash- place should be safe enough; such a force mightHuns, Avars, Saracens,,and Bulgarians, for a timeand the will of God, and because I believe what Heare indebted for the financial crises whose ruinous ef- , are now being used to " enable a few of the moefc fects you have so well described 7 wealthy capitalists to overwhelm all foreign competi- ]Why is it that the French people, while so successful tion in times of great depression"—thereby largely with regard to Bilks and cottons, are so deficient in re- adding to their already enormous fortunes, " before spect to the production and manufacture of the various foreign capital can again accumulate to such an extentas to be able to establish a competition in prices with:twenty: and if open warfare gtance'to result disastrously t for what the comparison of i Jess deceit and treachery xr; everything else. In these follow the natural course, w. vith overwhelrning power. $r the special characteristic spring from one grand sourcettinctlve aversion to foreig may talk of the willingness Chmesetoadrnitiforeignersmay talk of kind, receptions aionaries of the Cross; soui* lingnessofthe Chinese tojuid another.This is well enough so tariaythequestioncould besaid respecting Marriage to be the very truth. Can , iened character. With a fleet of steamers . and always take the field jin sufficient strength to dis- victorious, were ultimately subdued. This central you seriously imagine that your personal exegesis onsailing transports always within sight, this march is perse any Moorish attack. Tangier might be taken administrative organization arrested the first and perfectly ridiculous, and the men disabled during it by bombardment from the sea,, and the garrison fiercest onslaught of the Saracen force, beforewhere they happened to encamp. T o the rear, have much to learn yet in warfare before they can blow to the Empire. They impoverished the coun-His words should outweigh the uniform tradition and practice of all Christendom ?the Moor» might any day render it impracticable. compel Morocco to peace, if Morocco holds out T o carry a message, or escort a convoy back to for a year.Ceuta, a division of 5,000 men at least was re-quired. During the whole of the march, the com-municationwiththat placewas carried onbythesteamers alone. And with all that, the provision." itecempanying the army were so insufficient that before twenty days had passed the army was on the point of starvation, and saved only by the uteres from the fleet Why, then, build the road ataD,? For the artillery ? The Spaniards musttry, destroyed the centralization, and thus prepared brutality of an insane, intemperate, or otherwisethe way for the Turks, who finally ate up the East- brutalized, infuriated husband or wife. I do not being here accompanied by restrictions on domestic prove that the more perfect the security of the manu-GRECO-SLAVICFEDERATION.ern Empire piecemeal. This centralization subdued even the Church, and preserved an uninterrupted concatenation of Greco-Roman culture,transmit-admit that even such peril can release one from the vow of continence which is the vital condition of marriage. It may possibly be that there is " temp-commerce of the most injurious kind, an account of which, from a work of the highest character, will be foundinthefollowingparagraph: <Nfacturer in the domestic market, the greater is the ten- dency to that increase of domestic competition which tends to increase the prices of raw materials, whileIII.Federation alone remains as the normal, the eas-leeseningthecostofclothandiron? Donotmen,ev-ing.it to Western Europe. But this could all have " tation" involved in the position of one thus legally " By the French law, all mineral* of every kind belong to the erywhere, become more free, as that competition Chinese Empire, Shall tonrentage or the perpetuation and increase of thesatillery, and that their own rifled mountain guns selves by inborn, vital affinities, and by cohesive portance of local institutions, and palsied the life Human Race. To this end, it is indispensable—at accounts most fully for French deficiencies in the nuning were superior to anything the enemy could bring force. The people and the countries must be im- and growth of the populations at the roots. Then least, eminently desirable—that each child should and metallurgic arts. That such was the case, you against them. Why, then, trail all this artilbry proved and civilized. This labor is possible only the Empire fell. Centralized governments, as was enjoy,protection, nurture, sustenance, at the hands knew at the time you wrote your article, or you did under communal and municipal institutions, and the Byzantine, are easily destroyed by a victorious of a mother not only but of a father also. In other not know it. If you did, would it not have been farJttve known for certain that the Moors had no field-and cadis, they will spontaneously organize them-ganism. Centralization annihilated the political im-along with them, if the whole of it could be carriedby sea from Ceuta to San Martin (at the mouth o these are more or less preserved in European enemy. Local independence engenders those pat- words, the parents Bhould be so attached, so de-more fair-and honest to have given all the facts? If you did not, is it not evident that you have need to study further, before undertaking to lecture upon ques- tions of such high importance ?Turning now from French cutlery to British glass, I find you telling your readers that the deficiency in this latter had been " in all probability" due to the*fact,W. C. BRTANT, Esq. Philadelphia, March 13,1860.ORANGEHENBY C. C^REY.COUNTY.voted to each other, that they shall be practically hours?Foranyextremity,asinglebatteryo corner-stoneofsocietyandofmoraldiscipline,is totherootbythesoullessmechanismofcentraliza-separablebutbydeath.Creaturesofappetite, field-guns might have accompanied the army, and obtained in local communities. These checkered tion. Nevertheless, Constantinople remains a pre- fools of temptation, lovers of change, as men are, Ike Spanish artillery must be very clumsy, if they countries will easily find each its own center and eminent strategic position for the regions around there is but one talisman potent to distinguish be- the Black and the Egean Seas. While the Turks, tween genuine Affection and its meretricious coun-the Wahad el Jelu or Tetuan river) in a couple of Turkey. The maximum of civil education, this riotic feelings so often nipped in the bud, and frozen—•—— .* CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribtm*.MONTGOMERY, ORANOXCO., March 14,1800. The election of town officers yesterday returned Mr. Rapelje as Supervisor by a majority of 132 in a totalvote of 644—his majority being 15 more than last year, though the vote is 25 less than that of last Spring. All the Bepublican candidates were elected (except the- CoUectorljV^0^^1*11^511*6^01 51 to «»—•*- erase on all elected, 84. i, _I? S.—Charles Thompson (Dem.) is elected Super- visor of the town of Hamptonburgh by 52 majDntv. The remainder of the Democratic ticket has 99 »*)•DKATH OF WILLIAM BKACH.--.The P ^ r^ W S hension expressed in yesterday's Journal W S S 2 i but too soont Mr. Beach expired, at 4 o'f ^ y * * £ day. Intelligence of this event will diffuse gtoo*~J** ~^_-J^5 «t—1« !,»«. ami at Auburn, of wrucacould not march it over any ground in the world focus, from which light and amelioration will* t the rate of five miles a day. radiate more efficaciously than from a common however, during four centuries, awed Europe from terfeit;1 and that is the solemn, searching question— that " the competition of foreign artisans" had beenaoThe Spaniards had shipping to carry ableast one Capital. Centralization may extend over them adivision at a time, as the landing of the Bios di- spurious semblance of cultore, but never reformConstantinople, other paramount conditions consti- " D o y o u know this woman so thoroughly and entirely excluded. On the contrary, my dear Sir, itwas due to restrictions on internal commerce, glass having been, until within a few years past, subjectedjrom Ceuta to attract the Moors to that place be regenerated. Each of the countries and nation-of operation as rendered improvement quite impossible.£eJd-works, such as might be thrown up in a singleteristics.These can develop only under congenialbor, similar to the German Hanseatic towns. As rush into a union with one whom you do not thus free, domestic competition grew, bringing with it thecity he was a most active ~-~ -~~( :conditions.is their salvation and the promise of a better future.Their civilization is to evolve from within them-selves, and not be superposed from without as aWe ma/, however, doott whether O'Donnell would cold, hard formula. Aspiration after mental and Turko-European inheritance. Then only can mod- find a Divine law adapted to its requirements, andtrated by^^3toe*s which led so rapidly t o * » « SSSnafion. .Mr. B e a c h . w a s m t h e p t o < * g * M £tuted their power; Those conditions have vanished, and the possession'of the Straits andof the country"love her so profoundly that you can assuredly " promise that you will forsake all others and cl8ayevision at San Martin proved. Had the attack them to the core, never generate a new, healthykeen made by English or French troops, there is no life. These populations have been ground for cen- on both sides of the Propontia, cannot save Turkey *4 to her only till death?" If you can, your union to an excise duty, yielding an annual revenue of morefrom crumbling in pieces. The possession of Con- is one that God has hallowed, and Man may honor than $3,000,000. To secure the collection of that rev- doubt that this division would have been landed at turies beneath the most degrading oppression; and enue, it had been found necessary to subject the manu-j^nee at San Martin, after a few demonstration? first of all, the self-respect, the dignify of man is to stantinople would crush any small or large sover- and approve; but, if not, wait till you can thus facturer to such regulations in reference to Ms modeseignty; but the city, with a convenient circle of pledge yourself to some one irrevocably, invokingfinch a division of 5,000 men, entrenched by slight alities of European Turkey has its special charac- country, can be erected into a free and neutral har-. Heaven and earth to witness your truth. If you From the moment that domestic commerce becamecial intercourse of Asia and Europe.Such seems to be the normal, most healthy, and,He represented the Cwugasadm7*» the life-long penalty. I do not think, as men and mention of these important facta in this article Intended friendship. 1ability in the Senate from 1850 to J»*-been landed everyd*y, if tie weather was favor-***eJ&edto«q^^^^-:4S^BOJMtoaniso- physicalculture i*inborninman. Now-a-daysthe preciselywhatwas' Bought toha donein Francs by daybyhisbrother-in-law,SpsnW 8,f&Mffi <£*'able, and thus the army could have been concen- trated within sight of Tetuan in six or eight days.women actually are, this law can be improved; when we reach the spirit world, I presume we shallfor the readers of ThePott. Would they not, my dear Sir, be better instructed were yon to permit, them to see and read both sides of thw great question ? *GuROWSKi.proved, while being cheapened? Have not these laefc These words, omitted by Mr. E. D. Owen, form the an entire monopoly of the home market? Would it gist of the whole law on divorce. For the Hebrew word be possible to print a TRIBUNE, OX a Post, in England,II. That this is what we who are legally married Mr. Editor, what degree of confidence and considera- tion can be due to the assertions and opinions of a dis- —at all events, if married by the ministers of any putant who, protessingto quote verbatim from a book so well known as the Bible, "somehow" contrives tolocks or gingals, with which the erto been content, muskets, a:.d no means scarce among them no calisrly applicable to this lo^ili; Week, greater or lees quantities sold at public auction, and invar Chinese; not unfrequently pistea hundred pair, being brought h derived from personal observati the feet that a war is ramie seemfc to a looker-on strange t h; plyofweapons should be afforde ever, it IBa strange countiy <-v.< Urifcihfleetbombarded Cantonthat your second letter successfully assails any ofandpolitically, the most practical transformation of theern improvements, ways of communication, rail- to our moral condition. Here I am satisfied with $§jf^^0^^mli^0is0!^^^^ British glass, is TjMnarried. His remains weretaken^toAtfwn«>-latedattackforpossiblythreeorfourdays—bisveryatmospherehourlyevokessuchaspirationsin roads,beintroducedwithsecurity,orwithhopeof thatsetforthbyJesusChrist And,whileIadmit ColbertandTarget,bothofwhomsawintheremoval ^to&rmsnt. Untitled Document{AJDbsny^renwgJoarMl,l5th,China. i&ugdom in itself, differun#uage, style of dress, a iaps it may be trulv s:iid|ME. CAREY TO MR. BRYANT. LETTER ELEVENTH.From The Evening Pott, Tuesday, Feb. 28.IV. That the nature and inhering reason ofMarriageinexorablydemandthatitbeindissoluble "ANEXAMPLEOFTHEEFFECTOFPROTECTION.— ket,"wouldyounotbeamongthefirsttodemandpro-Among tie cbmmoditie« which have hitherto not been permitted to be brought into France from foreign countries is cutlery. It i< now included in the list of merchandise to which the late treaty with Great Britain opens the pons of France." Those who have made a comparison of French cutlery with the cutlery of the British Islands must have been at first surprised at the diflertnee in the quality. Nothing can exceed the perfec- tion of workmanship in the articles turned out from the work- shops of Sheffield. The symmetry and perfect adaptation of the form, the excellence of the material, the fr«edom from flawi, and the mirror-like polish which distinguish them, have for years past been the admiration of the world. French' cutlery, placed by its side, has a ruder, rougher appearance, an unfinished look, as if the proper tools wene wanting to the artisan, or as if it was the pro-they began to immigrate in the fifteenth century. these positions. Y ou do not, and cannot, deny that duct of a race among whom the useful arts had made less progress. " This is not owing to any parsimony or nature, either in sup-pliedfoodfor the fleet. Perl <X)mpliment, the Chinese are tc and ammunition before they anGreek. It may be a corruption of the remnants of various dialects once spoken there, or a new tongueexcept for that one crime which destroys, its essen- tial condition. In other words, no marriage can be innocently dissolved; but the husband or wife may be released from the engagement upon prooftection against the system? Would you not assure]your readers of the entire impossibility of maintau'ning;competition against a journal, all of whose expensesof composition and editorship were paid by the homemarket—leaving its proprietors to look abroad for b'ttla jmore than the mere cost of paper and presswork ?Would you not demonstrate to them the absolute ne» | ieeTiiidylinrl^English tone of cessity of protecting themselves against a " warfare" wMch reach here from the Uni that must inevitably result in the creation of a " littla deplored, not, perhaps, that it oligarchy" of monopolists who, when domestic com- becauie, to all candid observe petition had been finally broken down, would compel j throueh the scenes of ,the la.-tspring to sudden and prosperous activity."Anxious that all the protectionists ofhonest were you to give your readers all the facts, in-stead of limiting yourself to the few that can be madeto seem to furnish evidence of the truth of that system the action of the owners of those " great accumubv flatter begin to be effective, it itaryanarchy which destroyed theWest. Goths, thority,butbecauseyoureferredfirsttoChristianity towhich youareBOmuch attached,andtowhichwe tionsofcapital"whichhavebeenmadeatourcost,and!{ thefivehundred will soonCharles Martel encountered in France one of its minor rills. The greedy Crusaders overpowered Byzantium as much by subterfuge as by bravery^metals ? The cause of this is not, as you tell yourYou understand, I presume, that I hold to sepa- readers, to be found in " the parsimony of nature," any country to leave its miners and manufacturers ex-ty cholera and dysentery, were sacrificed to brought thither by sea also. It would be the sameprejudice*and incapacity. The road built by the with Larache, Sale, Mogador. But if tile Spaniardsengineers was no real communication with Ceuta, for intended to act in, this way, why the long march toit belonged to the Spaniards nowhere except Tetuan? This much is certain: The Spaniards and, dividing its rich spoils, struck the most deadly State allow them—only in cases where the party of coal and iron ore is very limited, others of the most clared ? Do not they stand as much in need of protec-separated, but I judge this evil far less than that Grown, and the only advantage the proprietor of the toil enjoyt, is, to have the refusal ofthe mine at the rentfixed uponit by the which must result from the easy dissolution of mar- Crovm surveyors. There k great difficulty sometimes in even obtaining theleave of the|Crown to sinklasnafVuponthe property riage. ol the individual who is anxious to undertake the speculation, and to pay the rent usually demanded, a certain portion of the The countries now under Turkish rule are normal for external and defensive action, was the means —For here is the vital truth that your theory gross product. The Comte Alexander de S has been vainly overlooks: The Divine end of Marriage is pa- seeking this permission for a lead mine on his estate in Brittanythis country? there would from 400,000,000 voices rt heard half round the wort aion are both instinctive,been obtained as well had any other spot become iest, and the most progressive and civilizing politi- the focus of the centralization.grows, and as employments become more diversified tIs not, then, the question we are discussing, one of thefreedom and happiness of your fellow-men ? If so, isit worthy of you to offer to your readers such argu- isticsof the youngest cm.cal form to be substituted for the Ottoman rule. However, this same centralization, so powerfulunits. On the disappearance of Sultan, pashas,by which poison was spread all through the or-for upward often years."Having read this, you cannot but be satisfied that itments as are contained in the article above reprinted ? Holding myself, as always heretofore, ready to give to my readers your replies to the questions I have put,.They have no respect to r . cept that, as - England scourge*.she is most feand. tiraent includes all nations.•of all natious. : If there is b foreigners may be driven uw for the same end; if lyingfling, maneuvering, dels) w; diplomatizing, and what uo scroll-work which surroiud-»—"Dogoawayandletus Now, 1 am' very wellgoing awav, nor is CUm tor is not*««China to IK44ble**ed influences oi ." and trade, and Chiw isw A t Canton alreadyte gunpowder has had frri tied exooodiagly, while uej been s<nt to kingdom euiWhether their religion.is at the Peiho, as we lea more than fifteen hundi'yhxeed of the error of theij And.lvet, whatever m*whatever the Chinese maj^ iHght, or yield, or promise-,! the correspondence of tluthose who read at bona the watchword of China is $cry threatening, u Noth ul; , TI. It should bo kept hi customs which regulate pean nations are no criteIn all European disc u *s beads of Government,itsGovernmentisacce*rations "from bed and board"—as the laws of this and yet, it is a well-known fact, that while the supplyany chance of success ?" Can it be to the interest of posed to a " warfare" such as is here officially de-thus separated is in danger of bodily harm from theuseful metals are not to be found in France. This, however, is njot all, the " parsimony ef nature" which, notwithstanding your denial of it, so certainly exists,tion, for the sake of the consumers, as you would do in the case supposed ? Does not your own experience..••<*y to Pekin--m this case, th'-rexcitement, and no important ehactions speak, the detenninat;-1cannot be misunderstood; ancPekin will prove a Tery differentanything wnich has yet been trie ervah, which the English version here renders " un- for New-Y ork * consumption ? Perfectly protected, a s j i^ajoritv of the EDgllsh contingeiing " at any price so as to relieve the domestic mar-them to pay ten cents for a journal neither larger norWould not all this be equally true if said to-day ofto think; nor are they devils suggest They are not rernaxl ery or cowardice, though dences of both traits. Bot naturallyproduced byThekeep possession of foreign marketa V Can they resist II remain, my dear Sir,Yours, very truly,character was one both to elicit and to xe^afcvstn ^criticism is exercised by the h<; -ander which they labor whenKot -;• • ."• **'-<« -• - > .•<».»..-«*ww»»%«-•*• •.-•*••*• •'••' ' • " ?'• * .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^KZ2^^:^s^,~w .. - *- -• -. - -K ^ < l * > « < ^ ' ' ^ * * f 'wom'•tr-XTW*mi miiniiniM'Hl M Mww.fultonhistory.c 