 • iI den't believe there is any ill-will or arrierepenste together us many men capable of bearing arms as you in the matter; on the contrary, the Neapolitans are can hud; put some weapon into their hands, and hasten probably as anxious to be off as their most violent jne- to the capital to contribute by such an imposing demon-. mie s in the town could wish; but one must remember strai ion to the final embarkation of the troops of the that they were taken altogether by surprise, and that, Bourbon.§extensive operations on the main land. shall nave a dowry suitable to their birth, to be paid to nition, and reinforcements of more than 2,000 men them whenever they marry. At the age. of 21 the^«?THREEDAYSiATERsARRIVALOPTHE BERSIA*WEW^iOBK DAILY TRTOrjjp, FMPAY, JT^LT^IJW,| Jcdcpted^aD inquiry and jddgmen\ became merei matters; bad been rumored that the troops in P«Iemo%adca- •relating to certain reports as to acta -of her Majesty*.* Vad to i}(e absorption of ibe Roman States by Mrfhorm,whichwereinmostcasesdispensedwith.*jo| pwolated;thisconfirmedit.'Thetroopsweretobe 'Governmentinreferencetothecontestnowgoingdu mt'ritandtheaggravationoltheecclesiastical|(dtJinfected was- every, place-with this vermin that the removed as soon as practicable, and to return whence, between^the Neapolitan sdveieignty;arid Sicily. He' ties. Ail these embarrasRmeuta. if, not «1 'noiiceablc inherent and accessary features: as t# itwaspublishedjustontheeveoftheBadenCi ference; that its original title, Napoleon-III,:.«*' Prusse, was cK^ngedfor its present one only a t i verylastminuteafter;thebodyofitwasprintand proof-read; that its style, excepting one or tv; *te*etr*0W°Binto Paris en** ^wordaboutti francs \ in gitooi bronze med.-h the Minnder of awardrd fr *horses, cattle.brooste mednl-i tion of such cwhofhave %&"?• ** g*nt,cnre" given ?tb the ] and«ecri«< t o irithal ver>' FiIt»is>ta»id tt nifon **f»J»^<"« trai'indtu.d <>» Xnibs*«sdo»8 u jBuunkatiotrt>.. t epKfCtivrly [ae«fl x«-v*Wstn« ci: bi« ;eoi»fid^cco bt-«n ao<n*j'<!<<Jis r*a^yTo *rt* *oibe ifr* o!4»«i«&4 i<f»r\-JA Slid Chablai"- hims that F ran J5svby*rd,r'^ri «h« aoetp*? lb<TBE. NEAPOLITANS CCNCEVTRATING AT MESSINA.ian .patriots.' ' . " '" -..; ",,.;... •'.-.-; ;' On Sunday, at noon, an Austrian steam-frigate ar- rived from Palermo. The news learned was that there were still 10,000 soldiers at the -Mole, waiting for steamers to embark; that though armed they were | afraid of some of Garibaldi's bands disobeying orders, and attacking them, and had obtained from that Gen- eral a guard of protection of 150 men. Thirteen mili- tary bands h8d deserted, and the streets of Palermo were enlivened all day with music. Tbe.Fort of C>s- tellamare was still occupied by the,Neapolitans, who would embark, as well as those at the Mole, on the ar- rival of "steamers, and yesterday (Sunday) they would most likely have left. Daily and numerous desertion the statues of the Bourbonhings placed along the 'Ma-' were takrog. place. Ten dollars were paid to everytelegriphic dispatches that a demand had been made onthe part of tbe Sardinian Government for the restora-tion of two steamers, with armed men arid ammu-nition on board, which had beeneeized by the.Neapoli-tan erasers, and that such demand had been backedup by Mr. Elliot, her Majesty'a representative atNaples. N o w , the conduct of; the SardinianGovernment had led to the belief that therebad been no desire on their part to shut their cshe.pofcsefseaDO heirs, arace to whom thV:^or|d (jarr'eit'BddvnnfTomCqxV, eyes to the expeditions which bad started from Genoapistols, powder, guns, steamers, saddlery, ammunition ARE1YAL OF AID FOR GARIBALDI. pouches, <red .flannel,, leather^ and they will find a ready market. Arming, arming, and arming is theclass, and hie name is '•'£•*• honsebold wd^dj |i» Irlandaise. and McMahonltoid'Irlandc ! You know to tee second point, h'S policy mustbe liberal, since ms that some of the imaginative Hibernians claim thatSis Army to Maxell on Messina.SEIZURECFANAMERICANVESSEL. keep their own* In a few days every ship will bs off,owed no love' w ill die w lth him. I am disposed ^0 tbiukthat this settlement would me«t with the OTffrages.oi*many; at all events, at this crisis, when, from thewant of some fixed idea, rtbings may be thrown intolamentable confnsi n, it merits consideration and dis-cuftion. For myuelf, I honestly coofefs that.the plan NationaU has published a full report Of'w» and re- appears to me to praenttfewer difficulties than, any ceived a warning next day'for its pains. This is other that has been proposed; nay, more, itapjpe»rsto the second warning that has befallen this journal me to posfess many po-itive advantages. His RoyalHighness has come to.Naples from Surrento, and will within a few months; and ye; there are people who not again leave the capital. He has no communication accuse it of being a Government organ. IThe pre- with the royel family, by whom, for many . ye>are, • ;ue ceding number of the same journal contained a letter bas been regarded as the political black sheep.;'had, from Victor Hugo, originally addressed to a Hayttan however, Ferdinand H. and Fraucis II. followed his newspaper, Lis Progrcs, apropos of that John advice, repeat* d time after time, the country wouldThe Palestine, from Quebec, arrived at Queenstown cockades in theirbuttonholesand on theircans, removed s t 9 o'clock on the morning of the 218C, and the Glas- all apprehensions, and he came on shore, where he was gow, fron New-York, arrived there on the afternoon quartered in the royal palace, being the first, eaccepemployees, who has taken up his abode there.ef the same day. Both vessels reached Liverpool on The following is, the text of the capitulation <6riH»22d. eluded at Palermo, on June .6, between the royaa soldiery who have beCn encouraged in everyj; kSri« of cynically count upon his speedy deliverance and the*Ebfi! Arabia arrived at Qoeenstown at 7:30 on theevening of the 22d, after a detention of six hours off to put an end to the shedding of blood between thedispatch has ordered Affan de Rivera to proceed tocommand there.. Several boats have arrived from erms; but at the same time he (Lord Normaaby) would be here if ibe same opportunity preseflt^q.ii'Neapolitan Government seemed to trust more to the material, eqnipagtB and part of the animals shall firstWhatever be the difference of opinion amaster he is serving, we must all admit that ,IJMn8 Napoleon is " not slothful in business." Su$p$ that*he keeps a journal, as Louis VI. d different the records of ihe present wockinof the«State and of the gentleman Trionarejb||j|aoThe evacaation of Palermo continued, but tfeasinawas being fortified. One hundred more dead bodies the national cause: • had been discovered in the rains of the houses of ITALY AND VICTOR EMANUEL.i.u•••••••CATANIA..-'•;.;The following account of the insurrection in Catania be established in every commune in Tuscany. One of " hands, receive calls, etc. Saturday.—RecerST^T-meet Intimate'rfriends scarcely dared- to cemmumcate.- they came. vThus;tlie 8th S. S. were Bent here, whence.theirthoughts'.-forfearofbeingreported.-Especially; theyhadstarted.DuringSaturdaytherewererumorsdid#ot intendto say a word tliat might bejcalculated might be avoidedfand the following advacta0 togive'rieetodiscueBion,buthiso^ect'v^s^givebi<4;cuiedbytheeb-vationoftheCountofSyracu rioble friend an opportnnitj--of winch^he would, no tbr<p.e. For;,many years he has maintained•during the last two months no one was safe for*n' of disturbances having commenced<n Calabria at Mon-theur,«nd everyonewent to bed trembling.: ; teleone,SCatahzaro, and Cosenssa. Toware the evening doubt gladly avail himself-of contradicting a rumor oj.jwons. for tco long a time, indeed, to maketJhej sd;r-Hpage's, its strikingly unlike the customary flippari Palermo Entiiely Evacuated. Mow tbat the pressure is withdrawn, all the nataral the only Neapofitan steamer-of-war inipert began to aid which had already been made use of by foreign fiieyer hesitated to oppose the policy of his brother ai, brilliant, rattling style of M. Abont; tbat the Gokhacce this tendency. The- sbops, which have been MOREYICTH80FTHEBOMBARDBBHT. closedforthepasttwoimontbs,areallnowopen;guu- »makers, saddlers, tailors,- and boot and cap makers can- not suffice for all the demands they get. There is a 'regular race every>year from Sicily with the first frui»; let those who want to make enormous profits reverseThere is very, little communication between this and the oppoeite coast, and thus more room is given for ru- mors. Itis said(anditisriotunlikely)that^aland«-ir has been effected in Calabria by a strong band of.-Ital-Government in t i e affaire of other nations, contraryto their avowed policy. The question to which hewished to call the attention of. has noble friend wasthis. It bad been stated within the last two days in be introduced as th<- future sovereigns of thiaJcouat;byreaftpn of their number, intrinsic merits an<|au| thors' 'names and influence upon the public nund, deserve much larger and more honorable mention than I can give tbem,) I must transcribe ;"tbe title*thedirectionof therBce, and bringoutmuskets, swords,only-thought which has taken possession of every one, sadevery kind of weapon, however old, is repaired ia the absence of a better. Whoever shall be first in. thd race will win thousands. As for any fear of cruisers, therea»e none; all the Neapolitan vessels can do is topolitical existence would depend on his .eppontion||6 nib family, who are excluded from the succession;; andthe present glory-er^wned King of Sicily,, yico Francis II, removed^ is their own broth of a boy,andrtbe coast clear. ** vYeetecday there was a regular gamin warfare agai v tand other port*! but with respect to Mr. Elliot, he could hardly suppose it possible that any English min- ister could have consented to back up a claim for the liberation of vessels which bad been engaged in an en- terprise avowedly contrary to the law of nations. StillThere was a meeting in the^Island of Jersey the other day, called with special reference to the.Gari- baldi mus* et subscriptiob. V i e ^ ^ u g o addressed tbe meeting m an eloquent »peccli> The Opiniontroops and Garibaldi, i t is entitled, " A conventionReggio with rojalists. . Nothing has yet broken out in hould be glad to learn from the noble duke at On the 14th inst. 57 officers and subalterns wer% that town;. but the aspect is menacing. Any news of he head of the Admiralty whether the power, of unto the prisons of the Castello dell Oyo. The;combatants at Palermo:"For humanity's eake, the truce is prolonged untu1 theaccomplishment of the-following operations:Art. 1. All the sick at present collected in the boaa revolt. Letters' by the Caradoc, from Palermo, state that the Neapolitan troOps were being removed grad- ually; that two French transporta had arrived (char-of revolution fell within the discretion ef any British officer. These were, tli* two questions he wished to put; but he might state that two days ago he had seen in a Piedmontese paper—the Untune-—an-'•/' ;; which had been very current within the last two days, position likely that he>has worn a mssk; and h *T H E B A D E N C O N F E R E N C E . rina. Already, some days before, a wag had contrived private with arms and accoutrements —$4 withou' less was it likely that Mr. ELibt could have interfered•to climb up and adornevery one of them with ia mus- them. The Austrian captain (a Venetian) expressedtache and JOng imperial, a la Victor Emanuel. Yester- T H E PKTNOE OF; W AXES. day afternoon, a number of boys collected, throwing;on the gj ound which had been stated, namely, that the persons on board the captured vessels were furnished with passports to Malta. It was scarcely probable that, a body of men, so armed and furnished with munitionsThe royal mail steamship Persia, Capt. Judkina, winch naikd from Liverpool at 10 o'clock on theThe state of the army is such as to awaket^jferave apprehensioiis, and confirms all that I have predicied of it for some time phst. It is in a state of dissolution a n d i n s u b o ' d i n a t i o n . I n C a s e r t a , I h e a r t h a t t h e a t h , 9th, and 10th Regiments of the Line treat their ..officersquoting: "Were there several Adams ? Naturalist*"may discuss the question. What is certain is, that"there is but ose God. Since there is but one father," w e a r e b r o t h e r s . . . ; . . • • • B e f o r eDumas pire and company arrived here on theSth, in morning of the 23d, and from Qaeenstown on the^ his little yacht Monte Cristo, from Genoa. ; The Nea-ing again the celebrated Marshal Affan de Rivera, who takes command of all the troops here, the late Com- mander, Gen. Russo, being recalled to Naplesi From such a'brute, as Don Affan we mav expect nothing batE n g l i s h m a r i n e s t o t b e f o r t r e s s o f C a s t e l l a m a r e . A n d an answer which had been given by the noble lord, the Foreign SeCrltary. in another place, in. reply to a ques*evening of the 24th nit.) arrived here at 12] o'clock on Wednesday night.The Golden Fleece was to leave Galway for New- mondland on the 23d.politan consul at Marseilles reftmed to tre'se^his passport for Palermo; and when he arrived here and saw the Neapolitan flair still waving over the castle and on boardtheNeapolitanships,hefeltratheruneasy. Bat, soon after, the shore boatmen coming off with tri-color" God all souls are white." Quaere : Are the news- with Open contempt, and t<ell hi the streets the plunder papers in neaily one-half of the United StatesJreestouts at the statues, and breaking down the columns about the pedestal. One, bolder than the others, climbed up with a provision of charcoal, and blackened the faces, exciting no email hilarity among the idlers and promenaders. This process being completed, a rope w a s patsed round the neck, and, by the united efforts of the yOuthfulamob, one of the statues was soon off the pedestal and on the ground. t»supreme contempt at the cowardly behavior of theRoyal troops, and obstrved that if Francis IL,had nobeito- hopes than the defense.of such, be had better at' of war, would have been very willingly received by once^eek refoge with the Emperor at Vienna. _in the conviction which they hold that on the south of Decrees by" Garibaldi provide dowries for the young men shall receive a capital suitable to their approaching to support the Royalists, the insurgents Italy depend in great part the, destinies of the whole daughters of those who fall in battle, and main- birth. were obliged to slacken their fire, and withdrew with nation. The Italian who has most thoroughly appre- a slight loss in killed and wounded, the loss on the ciated this truth is Garibaldi; Do not let us remain tenance for orphans. Art. 2. The widows of those who h^ave fallen in the part of the Royalists exceeding '300 killed and d*af to tbe appeal bf the popular hero of our resurrec- A proclamation glorifies the attitude of the patriotic national cause shall have a provision suitable to their wounded* When the attack was over, the troops set tion. Let us aid with money, arms, and every means •lergy, and contrasts it with that of the same body position, and to last during their widowhood. The fire to various buildings, whether they had been fired in our power, the national cause in Sicily. Whether same pension is granted to tne widows of the thirteen from or not. Many houses were pillaged; the troops we defend it in Sicily or anywhere else, let us alwaysSmiths and carpenters were being formed into or- ren shall altso receive the benei3ft>f the foregoiug nately, whether rich, or poor, or sick, whether man or Italy.On the d 'review of"\ganized sapper corps.Catania was fully armed and barricaded.The American vessel seized by the Neapolitan frigatearticle. • *. woman, robbing tbem afterward. The library of. the Art. 3. All those who, through wounds received in University has suffered considerably, many valuable fighting f-r the defense of their country, shall remain books being destroyed. Many houses and shops were crippled or mutilated, or otherwise incapacitated for Sillaged, and what could not be carried off was• •". • j — - « — : ..SARDINIA AND SICILY. Correspondence of The London Times.gratification of Regent and" Emperor, whomore than happy to have them there. They an opinion on the subject, who accompa- ^ueenrw>"was the Charles and Jane of Baltimore, Capt. QuaicLThe Neapolitan correspondent of T/ie London Timetsays that Mr. Chandler, the United States Minister, State: The.Dictator,estroyed. ; The city having been placed in a state of siege, a military commission was appointed, and a dis- armament ordered, when, to the astonishment of e eery one, on the night of the 3d, the troops withdrew, es-even under the best circumstances and with a good Yonr fellow-dtizen. deal of preparation, the embarkation of 15,000 or To the Municipality of Partinico.G. GARIBALDI.left Genoa for that purpbbe ou the 16th.- "ideal" warfare, and the doctrine of nattirali „ vainest people on earth, they are the most generous There was another rumor yesterday that La Farina tiers—said imaginations having been of late gr$&rtiy without exception. This is not the first, second, was presently expected on his return from Sic ly. excited thereanent by the Savoy annexation, arftjt by nor third time that American agricultural machines This would be very serious intelligence^ if true. Tne the alarming tone of French journals and patupllets have received first prizes by the award of a French,the work to which they were accustomed, shall be received into suitable hospitals and maintained by theTURIN, June 19.It seems at last ascertained that the vessels captured attendant satellites, and paid an ill-calculiG. GARIBALDI.had demanded a passport for his son, a friend, and a For carrying out the provisions of this decree, two corted by a steamfr, carrying off, assisted by hiredservant, and for permission to go on board the vessel orphan asylums have been instituted at Palermo.a t gaeta. In answer to the municipality of Partinioo, whoThe damage occasioned by the bombardment of informed him that a statue had been decreed to him, Palermo was estimated by the journals of that place at -Garibaldi returned the" folio wing reply:ships', ai« the portable articles and aimunition. Gen. Clay did not omit clearing out the .strongboxes of the " Riceyitoria Generale" and' '* Catsa .Provincials." At the present moment, Catania is left to its own re- sources, and haspronounced itself for union with Italy and for Victor Emanuel.THE CAPTURE OF THE AMERICAN VESSEL. CorrespondenceofTheLondonTimet).NAPLES, June 17. From official reports ^vhich have been shown to meI send the following intelligence:The Vice-Consul of Sardinia at Gaeta reports: TheFuhninanteNeapolitanwarsteamer,commandedby Col. Lettieri, arrived at Gaeta on the ,1lth inst., at1 p. m.. towing a Sardinian vessel, Capt. Molesca, audcapture was affected sff the little isle of Ustica, on the Napoleon is one. He was planning to meed high seas; some eay off Piombino, and by cruisers whosepaper*, it is added, oddly enough,* were not in good or- the Prince Regent, and here/ come four Kings, der, and who deceived the adventurers by bois«.ing the more or less serene Grand Dukes, and two mo: English flag. Major Corte, a Piedmontese officer, is less transparent little Dukes, persistent to supposed to have been in command. This is thought themselves' in bke so many burned almonds, gri likely to lead to grave complications between the Sar-dinian and Neapolitan Governments. There are men. into the heaped measure of his honor. As one |<pute the white crowning glory of the milk pail against all comers. Of the horseB, those for draught light and heavy, especially the latter, drew forth his praises, as they would, I suspect, the praises ojt our countrymen generally, and expressions of surprise, too, could they but see them. Our prevalent -notion that the French are as far behind in agriculture astheyareadvancedinyvurandartis,perhaps,based as much on ignorance as fact.The agricultural implements, of which there are in , all, movable by steam, horse, or haudi power,; about 4.000,arepartlyofforeigninvention. A fair'trialof the higher sort of these, such as reapers, mowers, &c, has been made on the imperial farm at Vin- cennes. I here was a trial for Fre.nch, and a trial for foreign machines, with a first, second, and third prize for each category, and a'prize of honor for£•10,000,000 sterling.The Sicilian Government at Palermo had sent CountPALERMO, June 4. SIR:—I have read the resolution of your civic council, and I find that the commune of Partinico wishestohonormebyamonument.•Whilegrateful for your courtesy I feel that Fought to refuse it. I Neapolitans bad entirely evacuated the place, and their came to Sicily to make war. All expenditure which is not devoted to that purpose is displeasing to me. Don't think any more, then, about sta.ues, but employ your'money in buying arms and munitions. You vill thusaidinmaiataining the unity ofItaly, andwill have contributed your stone to the building up of theAmaroto Turin, as special envoy to that Court. AdvicesfromPalermototheI9thstatethatthethe names of these representatives of the oil]frigates had quitted the roads of Palermo.AFFAIRS IN PALERMO. Ocawpondeuce of The London Time*.PALERMO. June 13. Public interest is still concentrated on the embarka- tion and departure of the Neapolitans, which go on farbeet of all'monuments. The Dictator,, . '• • G. GARIBALDI.their enemies were, but attacked them courageously, ring Roberto that it was not proper to use underhand From here the third expedition, under Cosenz, is pess. He tpoke little at table or otherwhere,too slowly for the general expectation and impatience.It is six days since the convention was concluded and same body, Garibaldi replied: . the town evacuated by the. Neapolitans, and yet somuch remains that, if greater haste be not made, threetones six days may pa*»s without our getting rid ofthem. About 15 vessels, partly steamers and par.lysmall sailing craft, have left, taking about 5,000 menPALERMO, June 5. 15 miles north of Cape Cbrso, and that he waited or- ly contemplated movements gin ttje ^!e-poli au provin-.' The squeezin and the pushin was." ,j|jDuring Napoleon's brief stay at Baden-Baden, the absolutely first best, without distinction of na-and a good deal of ammunition and stores. There may Ire from 9,000 to 10,000 men still remaining, among them a regiment of cavalry of 600 horses, with most of the field and some of the seige artillery.tionality. The mowing machine of M. Peltier, 1 accept with pride the'citizenship of Partinico—a ders from his Government, retaining in the mean time' ces and in the^capital itself. Th-i Vesuvian couatry there were congresrioual dinners and'.tea paraes, u constructed on the system (i. e. the reproduction) town which has set a good example of the manner ,in the men aid vessels as prisoners or war. He asked never more ominously glowed.with subterranean fires. and exchange of social courtesies between hiuk^nd " oi Mr. Wood's American mower," took tbe first which the oppressors of their country should bo treated. the Vke-Conaul to go on board and demand the papers We are in daily expectation of great news from Na- the individual members of the iiuprovised CongrBss, prize of tbe foreign competitors'and-the prize of The brave men of Partiuico did not coont how many of the Sardinian captain. This he'refused to do, assu- ples.' .' but no ibimal meeting for the transaction of &bsi- honor; that is, l,000f. and the gold medal, and aSecretary of the Interior, F. CUJSPI. 'To the President of the .Civic Coonoil of Partinico.On being offered the citizenship of Partinico by theii vessel with the American flag, the Charles and Jane helplessness and confusion reigued there even beforeof Baltimore, Capt. Quain. The two vessels'had on De Martino started on hiB bootless errand. His humil-board neaily 400.persons. On being hailed by Marshal b. ting failure must have closed the darkness around Roberto, wno was on board the Fulminante, he said those Roy*l advisers a hundred fold deeper. On the he bad captured two vessels, Sardinian and American, other hand, reports are rife of-boldly pbtuuedaad open-And as he then, with princely air',, Recloiiiin on hie cusnion was, All ronno about bis royal chair,and defeated tbem'. • Their example excited the rest of Sicily to revolution, and ey*ry man to do his duty. I look for'another example from you, and it isthis: Getmeans of interrogation, and that the papers could not be withdrawn until the health-office had done its duties; it was to be considered, too, whether the captain de- sired pititiqne, and whether a vessel admitted to pra- tique could be considered a prisoner, with all on board. The Vi^-Contul here went alongside and asked if they had need of anything. L,ate reports say that the cap- tain of the steamer declared to the Vice-Consal that he had been captured at night, eight miles north of Cape Corso; that he had left Genoa directed to Oaghari,getting underway, ai d is very likely to set out on Fri- that we know is that he gave to the PriuceTii" day; Small detachments are leaving almost daily. Tne and the rest general assurances of his friendly Nicean countrymen of Garibaldi forsake their lost eminently pacific feelings. He went to Badj?] country by hundreds. A private mercantile bousa at quiet, first, German imaginations respectiuj Gtnoa has establiched-a regular steam-picket inter- immediate practical application on the Rhii course between that, seaport and Palermo. The Veloce-large gold medal of honor. Mr. Wood's machine won its double crovfh riot more.by the completeness and finish of its mowing than, by its cheapness and riniplieity. Another of the laureated machines was OfA merican invention. It may be noted here that, if the French are, with exception of' Americans, the16,000 men, all their warlike ammunition, and the , On the 2d instant the following proclamation was1 towing the American vessel, his own boat being a tug; stores of a good-sized citadel, requires time. and that he had, moreover, taken same of the passea-There is, however, the consolation that the departure issued at Palermo: gcis on board.; that his papers were ad en rig-ie, and of the Neapolitans must increase in a geometrical ratio, SICILIANS—At this moment Sicily presents one of tnat be had refused to .show them on accouut of his for the/ewer they are the moreanxious will they be to those gigantic spectacles iu the political life of nations chptnre. Be had not choeen to take an useless pra- make haste. The most probable conjecture i», that, which all generations relate with enthusiasm, and tique in his position, reserving it to himself at the having embarked their stores, they will go off in one which impress an everlasting stamp of virtue on a great proper time to make his protest and demand an indem-latch. The manner in which they are treated by Ga- and generous people. Italy has need of concord in nity .' Both he and the other Sardinian subjects demandanimofcity between the two national associations, jWben treating of natural boundaries and VioWese jury. Yet it only needs to walk rapidly through the beaded respectively by La Farina and Ber'aui, has treaties; secondly, to quiet Europe in generallfmdbeen greatly'embi' teredcf lute. 1 havealready informed French indu6tiial and commercial folk iu particjiar, Champ8de Mars to prove to the most iguorantly you that the aim of thefe two patriotic societies is one their solicitous, apprehensive unrest fespectinrf;the conceited foreigner that the inventive faculty is notlimited to the brains of his countrymen. NO; the .French are just, hence generous. Had the sub-iin- mortal Eaycrs been a Frenchman, the sub-immortal Heenau would not have lost his belt by a cuiting of the ropes. [Hypothesis, just aside—no sucji bru- tality as that Heenan-fcayera struggle for the laure-ate-belt of brutality is possible in France. ]But what is best worth attention is the largely grownandstillfast-growing interestioagricrjJtural matters here. Didsbury mockingly (as ke thinks,ribaldi must'have set their minds at rest about any dau- order to be powerful, and Sicily alone gives a genuine S r on bis side, bat what they evidently apprehend is, example of concord. In this classic land the citizeu it, if they left a few thousand men behind, the towns- has risen in indignation against tyranny, broken his people might take the matter into their owa hands, and chains, and with the fragments transformed into poigu- get up an attack on their own hook. It is with this ards, combats its oppressors. The inhabitant of theiewthattheybargainediutheconventiontokeepthe countryrunstoaid his brothersofthetowa,andset- even political prisoners in the Castello as hostages ting a magnificent and instructive example to Italy, ntii the last soldier left. the priest marches at the head of the people to the bar- Although the hissing on the part of the popula'aon ricade and the combat. What a difference between theha* eeatteo, the cheers on the part of the troops con- priest of Koine, who hires mercenary foreigners to sue; not only when a detachment leaves, but even shed the blood of his fellow citizens and the noble audItalian kingdom. The whole. difference lies in tue present Napoleon wants two thipgsi peace, means. Bcrtani goes to work as a revoludonist, f^a and Jionestly now, in the interest of the ihaugut Farina proceeds as a diplomatist. It would be v*ia, and fruillul development of his own favoritepol however, to speculate upon ihe probable results of La ectnomical'bystem of French commerce, maul Farina's withdrawal from Sicily before that event has tures and agriculture; the reputation of being pV really come to pass. fully-minded as a sort of base, so to speak, ;of i\;: \when they ship off mortars or ammunition cases, the * V;oa URe'^i* heard.- If they had gained a signal victory, it could not be louder; as it is* it excites con- siderable hilarity, and reminds one of many of the sto-ries which were once told by Neapolitan officers about the1 4 glorious retreat" of VeHetn, which, according to their accounts, one might almost suppose a victory.venerated priest of Sicily, who casts himself foremost into the fight, giving his life for his couutry. Christi- anity truly is immortal, and these true servants of the Almighty prove it to the world. G. GARIBALDI.Tn*e following letter is from the Messina correspond- ent of the Malta Tima .-.'•MESSINA, June 11, 1860.the place vacant by iticasoli's retirement. .THE FUTURE OF THE TWO SICILIES. Correspondence of The London Times. 'NAPLES, June 17. Every one who reads the signs of the times well must perceive that in a few week*, perhaps day*, theopii ion here, notwithstanding curious and-fre<l|ent knowingly) sniffs with his up-turned nose at the variations and an underlying persistent doubt,jjjWs Emperor'.* visits to the Agricultural Fair, " Mere political Buncombe!" Heaven forbid, Didsbury, that 1 should compare Louis Napoleon to you and your kind. Jf he is an ass, you are not But IThe stories which you hear of the oppression and arbi-Among the troops here (Messina) there are daily de-' lated to create prejudice in the minds of foreign nationssertionf, riot only bf privates but of officers and sub- against our interference in the affairs of Italy than that officers. .On, several occasions the sentinels on,guard any expedition of such-a character should be alloweddurirg the night have decamped. It is a disease that to take shelter in Malta, and to continue its enterprise seems on the increase. . This morning the, Archimede, from that place. It was further, reported that the Brit-a small mercantile steamer, now in the employ of the ish Ad viral, whil? the evacuatiori of Palermo was tak- Neapolitan Government, arrived from Naples,:bring- ing place, had undertaken to send a> garrison of,Agi*o.d;«g3 Psrir,«*d'»i vi^obi n*k< « d«-tri&««iCn o*O^e, Pa»|ia 1^rftU'andiiW« j|.«tt-w«»:-ats j x i p k e t ^ . T*ti«jrtsof Vain**&ot<fei«4 t lor fair wufc'b; T b e Opiniohad: reeen^.d pubJ»t»irig a s Al- pamvbleiIielsnd,"had Th*t death /jBom^nt.It was saiddiplomadc ch result of th« D The Pari* 122dat 68.65.'A ".' :TBIt is'assert* the Prince Ivf eiftr-i', bef***! sgrtenteot wa to «h* tetanoi!It is said th of Pmwwa thj sUiiidrng beiy'!» JSartert^ of Prussia in] £aX*-Cobufri#fioyer«sigu, i« conrifcviwn w) \yetix wjtnrt* the proceedirlTheproce^ *ortant.juthe He the Marques had revenue jece'nt t*-l«-gr rkory ban t*rIn.the Uo leave had b theauuLlpan in India int** Loid Job whether the prizesbyh<-unableto s{ Was true it^ would be ta!Si«*Kober -Goverp.njen •attacked the-Lord Johi terms of \b$ thWri»tttrali! that the neithrough the -or ib*> wich gations oi £ranged beti 3Ruteell <-oi wh».le tranf as-satisfactx!•'.-'. -';...". •..•'•• •. ••— '• • ..:.•is dated June 6:On the momiDg of the 31st of May, to the cry ofthese proclamations concludes thas:"of crowneid heads—blockish for the most" — return calls — dining and tea-drinking" them; don't say much, gammon them, smof "little, keep up a thinking. Sunday.—M^ " Monday.—Back at the Tuileries by 10 ;a| " H o l d cabinet council; go out to Villequier to " moribund Uncle Jerome, then down to * ~ " tainebleau." A good deal of workfive days. Juet now we are most intereste that part of it done at Baden. Napoleon wa to meet the Prince Regent of Prussiathere." Other German Sovereigns, getting ala elsewhere. persons who were shot on ApVil 14^1860, whose child- shot down every one they met in the street, indiscrimi- hoist the same national flag against the enemies of and jealous, wanted to be present, muchItaly is on the point of becoming a powerful aud united nation, under the cot stitutionalso pter of Victor Colonel Nino Bixio had been pro noted by Garibaldi defense of the Dat'onal cause ane adopted by the'.coan- men attacked the Royal troops in the city, nearly 2,000 Emanuel. We ought to cooperate in. this supreme try. They shall be maintained aud educated at the strong, consisting of infantry, horse and artillery. For work. And their coDsciousnest of this duty has in- to the rank of Brigadier Genera]. The twenty regi- expense of the State; if girls, to the age of 16 years; nearly eight hours they continued the combat taking duced the Italians of the provinces which are alreadyPalermo, which were destroyed by the bombardment.Article 1. The children' of those who have died inItaly and Victor Emanuel," a small body of armed' ments in formation axe openly announced as meant for if boy8, to that of 17. At the age of 16 years the girls two guns from the feoyalists; but, wantiag ammu- free to aid with all their might the liberation of. Sicily,the protection of Victor Emanuel and ample indemnity. The Vice-Consul.immediately took a dispatch to the teltgraph-office foi tne Marchese Villamavina at Na- ples, but he was told that the telegraph was occupied with Government business, though at the fust possible mvmintthedispatchshould,besent. Until the 10th, however, no dispatch arrived. A comamuication sent later by the post was delayed in the same way, and at aist a hpecial messenger was sent off, and a m /ed here before the other two.There were other subject-? on board beside Sar-dinians under the cannon of the Piazza and. the frigate,and an involuntary movement might have led to taeirbfing fired on. They were besidw guarded by the sol-diers on lard arid by the boats at sea. The Vice-Con-«ul Bupplitd tbem with provisions, though theUtile de-It is given out as probable that Baron Ricaaoli wi'l operations, military and political That wt resigntne Governor-GeneralshipofTuscany, andac- doubleobject ingoingto Baden. Hehaspai cept a place in Count CavourVGovernmeut Ponzadi San Martino isfcuppooedto be sent to Florence to fill attained it. I should say that, on the whole,has not been tieobject of" its annoyance. The police ruled supreme, sier said than done: Gen.' Clary, the commander of goes in the evening to Gaeta, after which he will make Parlisiment looms in tho distance) should, simu taneoufl- closes with a remark to the effect that Nap!;aand every thing elae wa* subordinate to it. 3 the troops at Catania, his paid into the hands of Wat- his protest. Mr. Chandler, the United Ss&teja .Minister, ly with the appointment of the Cduno oi Syracos«, may, under circumstances, be called to rend«!i jjher tfaaUcalco ser & Co. of this place, 28,432 ducats, for whiea has demanded a passport tor his son a friend, aud a name his successor. Full' of "difficulties as . anyy&we«Ahuordersdirect»y from.the King, with wooia amouxt he took bills on Naples—a nice little sum for servant and for permission to go on boara the Ameri- ^Pjuesia^ great services provided she encotjr tges lie was iu eous'aat and secret commuuication. rue his'share uf the plund-r of Catania. ,On inarching can vessel at Gaeta, My.next letter will .communicate arrangt-ment must be, ^his. plan ayo d^ mauy him a little (pourcu qu'etle s'y pre{e «m peu iPsrectoTofPolicebadlargesumsplaceda',hisdisposil fromCataniahehalted at Aci-R«ale,and beside ob- retfuJte.. •':•'• without being obliged to re ider any account of the nao...{',[•,•&complications and poeesses many positive advan- though L. N. B. were bashful like! Iftage*. It is the feeling of liu-g^ numbers that an- already expressed my opinion that English and b e made of taem. Thousand* of' secret police ag -nu taining forced supplies of pruvidions he insisted upou a In the English; Hou.-ie of Lords this topic was brought nexation would be the .fruitfulsource, of .dis.ronteut whe made into dii the houses, and often served contribution of b,000 oz., or in default threatened to up by the Marquis of Nonnanby, who ^aid be had tlie highest; and the lowest clHssei<s«pec al.lv, and might man journalists have given too muchI cannot leave this Fair, to which the highest offi- cial dignitaries of the realm the most respectable It membersofhighsociety,the.JockeyClub,andthe cvuunou vulgar tnas?, pay a common homage of ia*S^.'Sfewoa offi«>»««««•, *T SPSS denunciation wasgiven private notice to bis noble friend opposite (Earl etrciigthen certain 'propensities which the Emperor. -JI eious expression of a Napoleonic idea; III n On Friday afternoon, a Neapolitan war-steamer Qrauvill*) of his iuteritiou to ask two quosiious, both the Fiench has lately manifested, itnd wonid pottil ly cat.not be denied, however, that it has cur.bum the town. . He succeeded in extracting 2j000 Their" stag! ozs. Such are the Neapolitan generals.tame in from Palermo, with the 8ch Sharpshooters.I t )the.Governor of Malta; and nothing was more calcu-, -yrv^^r-----v'vacilycf the people comes out like the escape of •a. take in troops, and left during the night for Pi'zzo. journals in inciting to a certain extent a prejudice hip nephew. Whatever may have" been the, mOtwcslM stitutiennd sees reason two days ago to editoriall|steam-p?pe. • ;Every one tries to make up for lost time, This steamer returned yesterday, and thw menringJi-isas it were, and the late excitement contributes to-^h-: started again with, troops for the same destination. against the supposed intervention of her Maje-tty.V it, bis conduct has been consistent. Hi» ROTW'-Mif flout theriotion of its containing the expression of \ 1 '$,C0fr i|»ru's 1ion upon the subject, tended to create an impressionbrutality. The.pontage-stamps,withtheBombahead, hat,the report in question could not be positively I have itontheauthority ofa general officsr4\'M** .enoughtopublishsuchmatter1are riot any longer efficient for letters for anyplace out of the oistriet of Meesina. ,AFTERNOON.-—It lias leaked out from the Archimedethat the Court at Naples are preparing for a fun. Thejoyal treasures have been embarked upon two steamersthat kef p up their steam day and night. A telegraphicaide-de-camp relates that in the haversack of ;t'sJi>Id3fer Poor ola ex-King Jerome still clings to life, buttwas founo a lady's hand with the rings upon "t,.:iTie with daily'weakening grasp. Transient strangers,incident would not be remarkable in the historjljpf Americans and others, greedy of French sights,een compelled to give an apparent confirmation of mthe report, and that he had not felt himself au- licenEe, and who were guilty -df such atrocioukaotlltn consequent funeral fete before their departure.the Cefection of the troops at Monteleone would cause occupying any foreign territory daring a timelonged to the 15th Regiment.. M lthai port by fog.Among the Persia's paseenges were Miss CharlotteCfcahman and Hr. George Crnkkahank.EFA^Y.mTHE REVOLUTION IN SICILY.No active movement is yet reports. Col. Medici, with 3,000 volunteers, had reached Palermo. The Times correspondent writes on the 14th iost. that theknife than the bayonet. Information had arrived con- firming the departure of a batch of brigands to assas- sinate Garibaldi. The confirmation comes from snch sources that it is impossible to doubt the truth of it.The military plans of the Neapolitans seem to be totake up a strong position at Messina, keeping it as anadvanced position, and at the same time as a new base changed in totality, and not head for head. have been established. But the most singular part of wasthat no dispatch had yet been received upon the. " Fontainebleau; se/jt Martine back to his ?foMBhSitals or elsewhere shall be embarked with all possible' tered by tt-e -Government} to> aesiat in the operation5»bpatch. that Garibaldi was planting cannoo against the Fort of article discussing the subject whether Sicily ought orthe day, aDnounciog that the moment for rrfarthlflg' against the enemy was approaching.Art. 2. The whole corps-d'armte existing'at Paler- CastellamHre, BOthat, hi case the garrison do not evac- ought not to be ann*sed..-to Piedmont; Tne writer mo shall be free to embark or leave by land, with its uate by the time stipulated, their memories may be re- dtclawd that there wouldbe both good and evil in such equipages, stores, artillery, horses, baggage, and what- freshed; that the municipal body had oeen summoned an annexation. The good was tbat Sardinia would at...:'; ;; FRANCE. ;once get rid of all interference on the part of England, and the evil was that on the other haud France would at orce claim a further cession of territory.Eail Granville said the noble Marquis had certainly The direct boat is in from Marseilles. The Neapoli- given notice of. his intention to risk, a question, but he tan missions to the* Governments of France and En- had asked considerably more than was supposed to be gland begging their interference have failed. Both his intention when he gave notice. Wi;h regard to the first question, he might say that her Majesty's.Govern- Art- 5. Fort CastellucaQ, the Mole, and the Lan- their regret that' their good advice had. been despised. ment had received no information whatever in con-terna battery ehall be evacuated by General Garibaldi. Anotl^r letter from Mci'8inaBa»s: firmation of the statement contained in the telegram, Art. 6. General Garibaldi shall give up all the sick (Sicily is now entirely free; the hated Bourbon uni- that there had been an occupation of SiciLan territoryever beloDgs to it, according as bis Excellency Lieut.- by Garibaldi to devise on the fate of Sicily, and. it was General Lanza*shall decide, including the armament of expected the vote would be annexation. It is saidmthe fort of Caetellamare.Art. 3. If embarkment- should be preferred, the warthat the Government liave sent emissaries to Palermo to murder Garibaldi. - :-From Onr Own Corxe»pondent. ,.- PARIS, June 22,be shipped, and then the troops.Ait. 4. The embarkation to take piice from theMole, all the vessels oe taken out into the roadstead.have refused, and have Ihxited themselves to expressand wounded in bis power. ' ' - ' form ia nowhere to be seen, except at Syra- by British forces. With regard to the second qnestion, took the trouble to be born toroyalty. Hele ||anontradicted:fret more than the noble lord himself that he hadHe believed that no one would re-ihorizea to contradict the rumor in the strongest- 1848. As to desertions, they are frequent in Sifiily,|Native wags, to whom nothing is sacred, have'in- vented and relate as true the following: Prio.ee Napoleon would see bis father the other morning; attendant'.physician objected; his Imperial Highuessi M will hot recognize your Imperial Highness ! Prince persisted all the same, and presented himself at the bedside; looking at him dreamily, the old man mur-m u r e d v a c a n t l y : "Ah! comment ,e<x «<&, man brave 7 " " There, did I not tell.your Highness," said the doctor, plucking Plon Plon by the coat- sleeves, "that his' Highness would not recognize" your Highness? "His highness EI-Hady-Idris-Ben-Idris, Embassa-dor Extraordinary of the Emperor of Morocco te his brother Emperor of France, arrived in Paris last Wednesday. General Gnenia Prophete, ex-Minis- ter of the Inteliorin Hayti, is also among this, week's distinguished arrivals. Both his Euibassadorial and Imperial Highness, E. H. J. Benjamia Idris and his ex-tExcellency G. Prophete, are of marketable color in the lower United States.In Norway, a notoriously behind-hand countryArt. 7. The prisoners on each tide shall be ex- cuse and here, at Messina, where the headqWrters as to the interference of Mr. Elliot, all he could say extract, say: "Thursday, June 14.-—Breal|fa|| at compared with proud and happy Columbia, corporal punishment in tne army is legally abolished.the matter is, that the whole of the royal troops—all, I subject. "master at Naples, who is past help;.Empress Wagner's opera, Tannhtiuser, is to be performed up when the embarkation :or departure hits been ef- say, from the superior officers down to the common Lord Brougham was glid to find that the reported "anl Prince and self rjde up to Pans by^'ruil; at the Grand Opera next Wiuter. Tedeaeo is en- fected,, and the garrison of Castellamare has retired. men—seem never to get tired of lauding to the skies occupation, of Castellatma-e by English forces was a 14 gaged for the principal female role.:- Let that and Theee prisoners shall be left at'the Mole to which place the virtues of Garibaldi. They declare that he is as fiction; and he also hoped it was au eqrial fiction that stop at Tuileries, take horse for Champ4|j|ie other theatricals pass for the week. Major rerum,Art. 8. The prisoners at'Casteliamare shall be givenof operations in Sicily. They had concentrated in thecastle and town about 7,000 or 8,000 men, and a greatquantity of ammunition, pat the chief force was beingeeneentrated in Calabria. They expect large contin- they shall be conducted by the said garrison. gentit and generous and k'nd-hearted after the blood- any att* mpt had been made on the part of the Austrian ' Mars; review regular troops and National G ^ r d mihi nascitus ordo.gent* from Austria (Bavarians as they say). There Art. 9. The preceding articles being sij<ned, it is.: iest battle as he is courageous and terrible while the Government, or any steps taken to'send troops in sup- "for two hours; hot, great bore, out of propo'rl|oii The catalogue of the National Agricultural Fair,were nine battalions of these, and ten more were said agreed by the present additional article that the de-parture shall be effected by sea, from the Mole of to be preparing. •Garibaldi was organizing, and would Piilermo. • •conflict rages. They addtbat it is impossible for those port of the Neapolitan tyrant. • ':M • " to enthusiasm, read well in theirfontteurthoirajh; now holding in and about the Palais de l'ludustrie, who have once known him again to fight against him,and they ei d' by saying, " We certainly will never . A Central Committee has recently been formed in " visit agricultural fair; read and hear r e p ^ s , ' on tbe Champs Elysees, is.a large 8vo. volume. M.beab^tocastguns.AH the communes in Sicily had presented addressesrequesting annexation to Piedmont. The clergy and aristocracywereattheheadofthemovement. -FORGENERALLANZA:COL.CAM1LLOROVO, '•againfightagainsthim;youmaydependuponthat." Florence,"forthepurposeofaidingtherevolutionin "smoke, tilk a little,think a good deal, '^Sue Banal, amemberofthe Jury, calculatesthat theoftheS^fl"...GENERAL GIUSEPPE LEUZIA,GENERAL GIUSEPPEGARIBALDI.Onthesamedayappearedthefollowingdecreefor the adoption of the children .of those who h*d died forHere every apprehension of a conflict between the sol- diers and the people has. disappeared.Sicily." Tbe President is the Marquis Lorenzo Nico- lini. The Committee has issued two proclama'ioos, which are signed with the greatest names in Tuacany, and from which it appears that a sub-committee ia to" plainly, driiik very moderately, go to bed ei " Friday, 15.—Up betimes, off for Baden, ei; "inebridgeovertheRhineatKehl,goodroa "cannon and troops, get received, bored, s,visitor who should wish to give fifteen seconds t e each' catalogued object or group of articles, would need six days to complete his review. Of animals, tools,and machines,andagriculturalproducts, there are altogether some seven thousand specimens exhibited. So that had I will and knowledge fit for the work, time and, space would be wautibgfor anything like a description of the Fair. I will only venture to point out a.few of its marked features, looking mainly to that which are properlv French.To begin with the animals: There are more than, 700 horses, about 1,400 neat cattle, 500 sheep, over 200 swine; beside donkeys, rabbits, aid poultry galore. AU these equine, bovine, ovinei porcine, asinine, leporine, anserine and cock-a-doodie-doo-ine are French. Their congregation is much more nu- merous than were those of the National Fair of 1854 and 1855, or of the International Fair of 1856. On their special and generic merits I do not pre- sume to pronounce, but will repeat the observation of an American gentleman competent to give„ifw/fftf*?*****: •"'"V"~~^~ 3?^^^!^^Hess being without heirs' the Bourbon dynastyiwd'-, cease with him, t»nd tbu« by no viokuttrarisuioritfji, nati< naj feeliirg would be gratified, arid ariewflmlNapoleonic idea. Speaking of pamphlets, whic; t ore getting toward the rank of a F;fth Estate Oaa<by the choice of Parliament. Tt greatly facilit|t^s¥change to .riiake' it .as easj, and yet m coplele,: as posribleV-<As to the first \Count of Syracuse is pop] r amon„g '^i. ilrarFp of two out of the freshest twenty: Lu. Question*have been in a widely different PUte, and the torbne Brown business. There are sentences in it on the 'Would not have been, as it now is. tottering td its fall., vexed question of the unity of the race, worththey haveacquiredm Phlermo and therieighloriow.'''' •"•'•"' •' ''. ROME.•Gen. Lamoriciere is said to have issued an|)rdejr ofnied me admiringly through the rows of- stalls occupied by the neat cattle: " It strikes " me that a part of the large, sums yearly " paid by our importers of English stock might beby the Neapolitans on the 12th consisted of the little homage to the controlling power of the very marl of " profitably devoted to French investments." Itsteamer Utile, towing a large America a clipper, con- whose controlling power in German affairs theyj|ire seemed to him that if French bovine,s must yieldveying about 900 men, with.arms.andammunitiyn. Ths so afiaid. If ever there was a lucky man, Limn? the palm of roast aud draught^ they can well dis-was expect would be iu Was antic: vt on the Suicl a general h<that the Qa inent hy pei iiig which "^ of July. T .Majesty liri,| wheiLoni jErdru the * account of 1 ejnabtied ap2 AtQii^ei Dallas pree tonfciidMs ijilUfC $t*l•| JAt the a Tott-er of aiuioijg tfco] numberwl was Mr. ». Among th Broughani^ . iitecfij (Oalwav Ii tiouiug the exr.l«nat:oi sine.du, w• It is ia;d by tbe Kar embark foot acrt-w tte»:; Tbe w«iiety. 1but on the the crop*.6FUSG E(j The Kfc4a tour on» hapft?t< d 1 j^rial, lvo\-i week, ai'd :»jwmg l^t-tlI am vo~*i and reriewl. Iherv w little uv.:i has jurt v uj tiou wuhol run over q largest-hut so crowo«<| Kiit^stri-it XKiiseraujj<n«d.The Kwiburg7oub*t Th* rt> vi-r piay of da Sildiery. recei.vc<: tf not *peak i jeceivtd. atoo gi<of course, who think Count Oavour would ae too glad ofanopportunitytosolvethe"intricatequestioniutaeGordian, or rather Macedonian w a y / A strange ru-mor was, however, in circulation yesterday, to the about the great parvenu, the doubtful nephe effect tbat Gen. Filangieri, possibly accompanied', bv another parvenu, the newspaper record reel DeMartino, was expected from Naples, bearer of pro- Molony's account of.the ball: posalstotheCourtolTurin. Indeed,noresolutionon "ThisGineralgreatthentuckhissate,the part of the bewildered Council-now deliberating in .-"•••-:.-. With all the other ginerals— the Palace of the Bourbon need surprise us. Ucierandthesamei Their avowed object is to overthrow possibilities and probabilities of war. ...For] the Bourbon and to unite the Two Sicilies to the Xorttoclared neTself to be wtH provided, not having more throne of the Two Sicilies will be vacant. Aud what cal accident, and by tie morbidly imaginativethan, 120 men on board; the American vessel had 700 then 1 Anarchy and confusion mu>-t be the inevitable jealous English journalises rather than byHinyor 800 men on board. confcequences unless some '•; idea' Vis bought promi- found eusential ties—^is a new pamphlet by Ed"With ev*ry Neapolitan vessel which leaves, thetown breathes more freely, although numbers of Nea- "The London and Renown passed here yesterday. The same authority states that on the evening'of the nently forward to which the public mind will be likely About, entitled, La Prusse en 18bU The *&# and ministers; aud whatever is most elevated bypepuia< - * ofi exciafter ib •athe.Duji'Ul . «daie fpolitans are *till withm sight, and the white flag of the Boarbox*fluttersfromthecradel. Althoughthebar- ricades t i l l obstruct the streets—* memento of dinger «earcely past—there is more life and freedom than there hist**aforthelastelevenyears. Itisasifthewhole town had been kept for years in prison, and was nowliberated and enjoyed toe first moments of freedom.They signaled with the Scjila. On Taursday after- 4th the Fulminante "approached the waters of Genoa, noonthecavalryandinfantryarrivedfroinCatania, 'andhailedthevesselsinFrench. Supposingthemcowhich place is now entirely free of Neapolitan troops. be of that nationality, those on board replied that they After tiiC departure of these, some excesses wrre com- were bound for Sicily, and shouted U'-Viva Italia !mittedbythemobonafewpolicethatremainedbe- TheFulminantethenfiredonthem,andtookthem hind, J»MI on some spies, which is to be regret'ed; but prisoners pf war.order has since betn restored, and they are all nowquiet and h*ppy enough there. Among the report-i "The Marchess ViUamarina went to Signer Carafe,to rally. Does any such idea pr«> ent itself ? By manyjtheyoung,theenthusiastic,annexationtoPiedr thebrochuieis,throughout,friendlytoBri mont is regarded as the only solution of existing diffi- The drift and gist of it is: Let Prussia tak culties, the only mode of gettiug rid of the Jiourbone leadership of German affairs, make a nation' o andof.makingheadagainrtAustria.>Others,how- manywithherselfattheheadofit;tosuce ever, who look beyond the present momeot, and con- this, alie must model her own political institi sider the best practicable rather than the oest conceitr- on those of France (which Mr. A. goes quite eble arraigemeut, imagine another solution, and it isoffice or social position,. And I note, on the' popu- larside,thatlastSundav,thefirstdaywhenthe Fair was open to the public, more than 27>000 per- sons paid their franc to visit it, and taatjon the Mondayfollowing22,0b0morecrowdedthither, and that the Minister of Commerce »nd Agriculture has decided to prolong the Exposition till nextMon^ day night, so great is the throng, and that, best of all, next Sunday admission wu*l ne free. Heaven, or, in default of Heaven, Pidsbury, knows that America is the greatest, freest, best, and whatever else ends in 'st, country in the world. Let me only commend to patriotic IMdsbury &Co., in view of this National Agricultural Fair, a wise old saw, Fds estdoceriab hoste, which may be freely ren- dered, Attend to your French lessons.Thewri fl4g»ai; Irnvijive fashion mkritjoj VreWejd was auOf whi* Bide of with th Baden. large aJ toil theirWindtheir opi-uf l i ti.they w J<,>rV\t-rv sn>aili crated.<otteu:1 trary behavior of the police are almost incredible; not current here is one; said to be • official, but • which no- ye;6t*:j.day, imihediatoly on ihe receipt ot the iuUjDi- the following: That his Royal Highness the Count of his way to represent as radically and. fimdauae• bouse, not a shop, which has not been th«HOB body believe*, that au order ha* arrived from Naples gence, but theMinister for.Foreign affairs was at Por- Syracuse thould replace his nephew, and, as the Count liberal), and if then a little coup d?6tat pre!been the scene of that Catania be reoccuptcd by the'Koyal troops Ea- ti<-i. To-day he makes another effort to see him, and haH no heirs,' that tne Parliament of this c-oontry (fyr a be needful, why let it. be applied." The pam|] its brutality, and not a family which has noiultimately lead to civil wa-—that ii might,, perhaps, anee to this pamphlet us the sulf mUntitled Documentstupidly contributed to the preponderance of Prince Regent, about whom they appearedfamilies—theveryF.F. V.'soffeudalitycrov|[ ;Closely connected with the Conference—by sellers' and authors' calculation, and by chrom:think it is a noticeable something, as.mere Bun- combe, this personal respect paid by- Napoleon to an agricultural fair. Aud I observe that the prize- awafdirig juries (composed of 218 members, divided into 36 special juries) are presided over by princes gitta S£Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 