 ih*hWtoVarp«f;iBw*d»n*tor """J*? ftataer WWW)•MM nf decline ana fall of the Baty Max having invoked Bossuet, that the encyclical totter of the lWhJanuarymanabaseofmmdtetioo*a e « e e anever cctotciestWBSly exchange aacteat aad assured pof •cation*fornewsadirecertainones.of repair might net be at head, the ship anght becondemned,aad to that aaas the faaiaiii woato be obligedto pant on bis osiaaagara to their dentinahan. Hewry uiflewt aram ba ienjtotalto abuse the authority of tha uocumeat aad i a resembleorigin. Weaonotfearthattheywilteucoeed,forthepolicy of the Emperor cannot give occasion, we are cer-tain,toanylegitimate anxiety. TheEmperor, topiradby adevotMW wbtcn for ton years haaaever belied itselfOP WAIT?[Paris (Jan. 30) Correspondence of Inndon News.]power from Gad for things spiritual, which concern salva on the south by France, and its neutrality would become toe, and not over things temporal aad civil." Thus, then, an illusion.thePope,itisconcluded,hasbeenguiltyofanabuseofjura- dcitk)D,and is act entitled to that deferenceto which be would have a claim to mailers purely spiritual. Thesecharge ot httoxicatton. No proof wbatovwr waa adduced thatCaptatolaylorhadbeanamanoftotoanperatobaou, and the charge completely broke down. Jot what waa theobjectofthatcharger Itwaatoaxupontheowners the respoasibiuty of having entrusted the command of the ship to a man given to intemperance, aad ho to exposeila thetottorpnb- juurnal. w e ta*>ugat that weWhen, atthebeginningofthemonth,theOnw«rt,in i sob'QKL'cc of orders from the Minister of the Interior, ; jbicbeu the Pope's speech against th e Emperor, I toluThetreatyofcommercecoceludedbetweenFrancesad England is pointed to as justifying ttime rumors. But what advantage will England Uer .-« from a treaty whuih•fto) of tojo the rights of the prmoes of Italy,*i hajaatr/gaa^eci of toir donuthm"re, tow, we hat« to head of the Choreaktoaatf, an ia to *a»« I t JtaatoW TBIXII, thearbttratorof poltkal aottfrightieiofU NMMTGS _teawl the spiritof artstar thingsWesaowMt IBIBstsy ote uJtraanmannetoar- teaaaftosnvte/ndvteahte cf Central luuy.of another sovereign of Central Italy re- qtiired that sn arrangement should be made to secure the of to twoparties. Thereappears te have been noammtoi of tha to the agreement ouaciadonBetween France nad England. Itto said the only object the Bggrsadteementwhich wouldresulttneerciata the annexation of the countries annexed, winchweald swell it out, bat which would not streogihen it ButSardinjaougatnottopurchasewithoutsacrificesthis aggrandizement, which was destined to weaken her It1opfor i^ *riON!The eniieyebeal totter wfil doabtlesn nana aa a ralrymg pohtt for maay pasnoas which nave nothing eteaob arIfWW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.a waB!thjn tooerattol arbitration, wfi»b « •^,Sf.bl5l?*a*M•ww•^Pr-rhgawta fo."topapacy, andofitsterritory,inorderthattheymayt[From the London Times. Feb. 1 .]WeareBOWtopcesessiocofthewholeofthearticleto wasnottheancientSardiniawhichwastobeaggrandized, of anEnglish ship coaveyiag paaaatnmrato Antraa, by a strange contrast, only the omtoJehto nroo7 «t to freely in all the world the power of the Apostle's iml, totaa ask, above ail, renerabie brethren, the these were wundrawn, toe people proclaimed with enthu- ghiiy of our own existence. The lesson which Italian provinces . iof to Immaealale and MoatBoty Motor of 6od, siasm .he downfall of this government. we wculd mculcaie is ,thie.—That ail writers,The qstsrot nau oft c men <-:*cuaaed, and it was ex ciprtctty question, a French snip at Caloutta cooimandedwithout aacritoge. We wuhagrySee aad all the ebareh on the factcorded to the Popes the sovereigaty of theof being achieved by tbejstoteflbrlBOf Pope Plug U . and of ftoetoJAaJteaeft.Wearefartromconies'mgawrighttodoao,aadwe>totoopowerfulEeapstaraftawFrench Webe havetheooavtotiuiithattheadviceofFrancewillnever script,decree,mandate,provision,signatureservingasa aadto,in fact, no infallibility atall. sSniethe_iwebant sael ia re ia to be our doty, veneraton M b m , to mtyraa youof torn, m order that you aad the who* cuuutc aalv«rse " marc* oftear very worthybe turned into menace or constraint.Tnus, then, the duty af France is fulfilled The injusticei'TOTisxn, or other expxiiticns from the Court of Rome, even although only concerning private individuals, shall be rteerved. pnousned, prmtod or otherwise carried into exf rotten without the authorization of the government.French Revolution sovereigns of Roman Catholic countries have been so anxious to strengthen their title by a claim to divine right that they have lost that jealousy ot the in- terference of to Pope in things both temporal and spiri-Mert'ltant Stopping Trade and IFlxTerem- uui Outie».In the House of Commons on uie 31st of January, Mr. LxMBsav moved for a select committee to inqnre mu> tne operation of the burdens and restrictions et<p^ciaity af lecting merchant shipping, and of the following statutes:—;epso the soccer of H a wbo boa said —" TM vaXlot ejoweaaof •» ion*, east aaat faith, I %*r* onqvervi iac«.rW (John r»i. S3), wad, " f l i M (Aese a*a»*t<r>*' j«rw*Jw«/«rjaM*ax;' (Math. » . Ml) We are ready to W- owto* iitosarmaastep* of o a r predecessors, to imitate O n i ' u ^ i ^ . u> u n d e r g o t a e s e v e r e s t a o - t m o s t b i t t e rbyaProtestant pen, aadthat tha attempt tclimit,th, spiritual as ueM as the temporaljurisdiction oj Home cvmes direct from the government of that natum of whose adhegwareawe the jest rights of ether prions*.Relyingin«m, and which will be always raaiy to gratitUutt trusty support whica a ignored to-day.fFrom toe Paris Siesle, Jan 31.)We only received yesterday evening, at a iate boar,permieeicu to iiubiaa the encyctical teller of Uie i'jpe I b i s a w h a t p r e v e n t e d u s f r o m a n n e x i n g t o : t t h e e x p r e sleraro 'ottheadministrationbaanotthoughtfittoinsist•ipti. s.th an absolute interdiction, and that yesterday•veniig it and all its contempotaries were informed thattheyn.-fci.:reproducethepontificalletter. renceto</uancientJaiththePopehasmostreasonttbesaid,fora similarpurpose, ayion bis m<>t<on,urnyea',butowit't to the sudden dissolution of Parliament, mi resuit batf fcHowed. The object of the committee he wai?moving for was to inquire into the actual wwd'uoc of ih«br.t.s-1 shipping interest, wbieh he wae sorry to say ha-1 coromend, and that was, as other countries -trdtoed hi•MM, and to what atoiaM in* Cttareh aad the Boty the are ineject. You eowpnbrad alao how great istaat the various governn.entF oad not exerted themaisteo upon. In reaped to our trade with tne United States there waa tba aiifieuily, that we were soon t.m»-« dealing with indrMdoal States, and setiniHiiien wnti u ie whole conlederattoa. Be held, However, that the Bn««n. governcient h*..* a rlcht to :nsat that the trade Betweentowarca her, however great a may be, will not have the power to make her daserther task of moderation and proV.rgm Mhry wbohi the moattanner motor of as all, no matter what their ideas may be, must Altairs tm Central Italy. mastcertainhope,tbaetoaatouaprotectionaadtheWhatoughtliusIX.tohavedone'YieldatlasttotheinevitablygowrongwhentheyattemptDIPLOM0T1CCIRCULARPROMCOURTCAVOUR—ENG-thelateMr'Humepresided.anaofwhichUit-nob'.ei<>rdEnglishone.aimplybecauseS'K-nadachoioeottwodestirepeated advice cf France, and endeavor by ttoeral tnati-* of the cfi'ircn. whoae aaaroaage ia meat powerfai tutions, by aecularisabon and wise reforms, to bring bacit to separate their interests from those of liberty." Gene-mittee report*'- that these charges should DAdefrayed out nations i Hear, hear ) Again, aa English ship went n m oftheconsol-.uateafund, acithattae debt iccurre<iby Ct.'natoNewYorkanddiscnarged hercargo She waeLAND AUAINST A GARIBALDI AKAIARENT. Onthe27thofJanuary theMinisterforForeignAffairs Iartneooftheapostles,whomChristoarSaviour Kcme,wnicbmiaUkeaobstinacyforstrength,hasagain tirc-wicgonte.breadofdozensoffamilieswbolivebjit. forwardedacirculartotheSardinianambassadorsabroadito tod.1stUBbantom,also,the suffrages ofthe theprovmoesthathadseparatedfromhim. Thecourtof rallyspeaking,tnesuppressionofajournal involvestheMtMatedtheearneratoneofoar church.againstwhich resiled, andnow witktmi a kept ofrecoveringthe Bo- Betinthepresectca»eIcannotsupposethatanysuchdis- onthequestionofCentralItaly.theTrinityHomseshouldoeuudertakent?thepuihc. obliged,ifshewishedtoreturntoChiaa,togobackpro The noble i• rd now at the head o: t t e government baity ii. ballast. Bat an American ship going from Chinalaateaot b«ilshall aerer prevail,and af raal,ha brother mspaan she kepo to vjiame CathUuxsin, and arm tn her tressing occurrences will have to be deplored. The foreign In tha circular Count Cavour observes that the inhabi voted in favor of t^at rsolution. At tt.it timeof all to with faror all the easotate monarch*«/ Europe. Power tor wliom M. Louis Veuulot and those under him tents of Central Italy had accepted the Congress with con- Gbnat u> beareii. We do She a now preaching m the very heart of France a worked will no doubt indemnify his servants and subjects fidence, but important events followed which caused itsto New Y'ora. after amebarging her cargo, could ia*e a Iresh one and go a coasting voyage to San Kranetcco. wnkh would take ber ball way back to China. (Hear, hear) Besides, it was said we could not enforce Ui*> re c.prccty cia::ses If that were ao, it waa a humiliating eocsicerauocthatweshouldhaveprovision*on oursu tute book which were inoperative, sad therefore a delu-taking into ecmhdernthm the rare pasty and to priestly crusade agaiaat the prmaples of the revolution, calling againet any pecuniary Ices. The Peter'a pence subscribed ma! which dahngolah yon, that yon aril hasten to them perniewea, adverse to the liberty af toe people, to by deteced lrah peasants will seme in for this purposeadjournment. The pamphlet "he Pope let le Congress," theletterofHapotoon111.tothePope, thespeechotthe Queen of tngland, and the speech of Lord Palmerston, in the House of Commons, are facto which show the impos sibility of tha restoration of the former rule to Central Italy. It a certain that the Congress will n o t b e assem- bled for the present.the shipping interest, w in a prote^«j,i mterest,though he hail sever been oi omninn tftat'tt deItved much benefit from thai protectiou, Bu". 11 it wasright to recommend the removal o. those burdens then,surely,itwasmuchmoreso nowthat ourshinningwasexposed to competition. Surely, if w e invite ether na-tions to trade f reely with u s w e oughr. to warn them of sion and a snare. He thought that if the gov -rnmem a s the dangers which surrounded our sho'us. witnout taxing eumed a firm, just and reaiiooabte attitude towards other them for Uie knowledge, other nations were far before countries on the question of reciprocity w e should tind us in this respect. Th*- United Slates of America had ti.cn. more pliable than we thought they were. ii« n u t never chaiged our sh;( ping visiting tneir torta a single at ai: events, tnat our shipping interest, restored to eqoallasfnrai to oar waton aad requests; aad to' the mean tame, as a warrant of oar chanty towards yon, we atfec- tMMtatr'v accord to yea, venerable brethrea, to all the dergy and iafty confided to your watehmuieap, the apos toanal btenna/, coming front the depths of oat heart, aad jwaei! w.ta oar aahes :or all real toholty.Urtea at Rome, at St Peter's, the 19tn day ft January, 1M0civil society.and to the chief of the State, wbohasgiven her ao many proofs o f deference and reapectfol devoted- ness; she a citing the Emperor before the tribunal ot God huuscU. and threatening him with Divine justice.A„U>M VeutllU kim^elf. he wUl probably retire to Some, and ttvbym- means vmposiiUe that he may shortly be made u i&rainal.M. Grantor de Caasaguac, whose articles since be has had no mission to speak on behalf of the government, areaaat lam careful than year ptudiiassoea m makmg ra- the prmapto M M M by oor aaaoaai tra-lam.awTto, BIIXAHU.vr Twi sBtnos- the report a foltowad by Ihe sabtotod M |since be baa not caoaen to accept the generoaa oOer made eendwdxd their aestttoes. These hostilities will be found Armata 1 was, however, informed by Sir James Hudson mm, he has only to he resigned. Notwithatandmg ao to date—at toast in their more aggravated and embittered in a private letter that there was a plan tor havme anmany acenmnlated faults, we have atili at tba present day the ecBscwusneee, that the leas af that temporal power will rase rehgion, ot ao mash impoHaiMin to bar a it to be ireed from the mundane ties with which the pnrtton* of ultra montaaism atil wah to bind her.We were bound to make public tha protest, and now, in thenameofthesacredprincipleswhichtheHolySeeior gets, weaasagetoitmrtollowcitinsna, without exception, aettofslknrtoelstiy totoaJrphsaatowbjati toy wishthat part, cf which Mr. Gladstone no emphatically but I behave that Sir J. Hudson's opinion reached duties in thetr favor. America excluded aa from her rate of profit. (Hear, hear ) The ealy fair wayr_wae to taxi, m the Parliamentary debates of last year, that it the ears of the King General Garibaldi woe then asked ccasting trade, covering a voyage of live thousand mile* take an average of years, sad tbe rwagematta toerwaaaierfilledhim—a Woteataat—with mingled sorrow sad pity to resign it: prvsidemey of thu asmtuttion. which he to San Francisco. That could not be called, tn aay thetostfew years a theBntahtoaaagaemptoyeaHrnrsBaaeaatiaraamtaaitoe prvfoaal of oara38af toeurgentlyprayinghaImperialMajestytoprotecttheintognty aad inviolability of the temporal rule of the HolySee, by his most powerful patronage in the Congress of quite inconsistent with a monarchy. Sir J. Hudson re- Para, and also to relieve it from a criminal rebellion. ceived no matructions from ber Majesty's government, nordo* ana tanItsanan Wax,Hudson micrmed me that he nad considered the matter, andbadcometotheconclusion that to have an armed assccation, not under the control of the sovereign, was•6 964 ton* bad Been added to tbe Bomber of American ahips, or rather leee than 1 per cent The coocluaion at which those persona, wbo, be oeiteved to' be fully compe tent to torm aa opmten bad arrived, aad whach be him- self had also iorrneo, was tha; t h a a.leged depreseion was a huctuauoa oommnn to all trades and eaapioytnenu Itwoudbequite impossible byaayIsgietotweitosecure to the shipowners year by year an undevtoting coarse ofNor is that all: she m addressing ail the bishops, patriarchs, prmatea ana archbishops "to inilame yet more and singularly na>e and unmeaning, has one to-night hi the The governments of Central Italy have, under thesea Luther or of mmtiter Catrmsm Wrt for whom, seeee all, wClbe„ butthefirstof *TM*1iligthepeninsulaanti•Papalthe glory of making acems ma fairwaytiMHto tot,KOBBObent esder the inftaeaoe of Aaatrta—aader thf* in- serve the saeree patrimony of S t Peter "—(Part 1., ~ State paper of great importance, wall considered, clearly purchase aggrandisemeat at the price of the primitive pen- might there he faajnd to he to anfioeaee which lather Ianorton ao Jasuy considered n 7) Bow than eta to Oaantotsaaaa dam to aa.y.a, fter arranged, logically reasoned,aad evidently emanatingfnm sessions ct her house, and a toudimanatateeman oom-i dtucn and unfit to continue bar iiitnea Thethe Ctototossnji, signed by M. Grandguillot, the edito ted a new and entailer Jsrifiaiii anniaatu without AV-- ia. She might, tar acme reason er ether, he %***%**?*?,betoevalUtoawaf JbWyTwai^a and pray tot Bod may M pleased to protect sad are of that Journal, and in that unpretending shape we find a nad Sonny THe dynasty of Savoy could Dover wish to obliged to pat into a part ento* great snajarnyef theMews*gun—iAatadtotottowAmino, ttoaoaaua aaoatvat to •ones of all tone the Suck aSdiefieB to Catholics a provocation to t» the authority of the canon* and is fart<flei by thejfwtgment pohcy at natural frontiers y Would Lord Palmerstoowwh themselves, fhe Faaaeagsr act, iherders, did not placef m ^ 1% i n t o Cathottca who coald not feel the The &Utu, in a tew words, teal found means v>WflflP Md^pemtKinataomedfewamPapacycommgforwardtoinsultthePapabytranafonningtocalmaadnorspect,aadthatrespecttotobescrupulouslyobserved.tothetraditionsofthatEnglitbpolicywhichhasnev«rdfcnotcomplainofthat;buttfthenammateaaAaeencaa asWMOQB. reatorearuuttheponutorwillfrtmemwhofiaiiJnifall** reafulcemplatntoaad his appealtoprayerinto Butthetetterdommiconcernmattersoffaith,ami**nm beenabandonedforamomentsincetheaccessionofW.: shipthecaptawmightsnaihatfiageraatthesathoratos,Tne tetter of the Pope, we am told, mtpires re-And how could the Ehgtam ndnatry become nnfaitafn1*JTflMQCulthaiIhOSe9ffVTflMI|OOghl Of^ertae.haaiwtArrrT/uaatanatobvggagttramof a rfcliaioea war cry,and at the same tim martmcffaiththePopeisnotaosotute.unlessheconforms lam Howcoulditmakesuchconcession*,andadoptthe andleavehapasteagsrstodotheheattheycouldforhave anea there ircrtiil from tia»i who weald tore bked In aee the head of Chranantty n - which present drcum»1**B«ef fivs rare apropos aad mar of to Umecnal Ckurrk. The present question is not a to purchase the liberty of Italy at such a price r This Fngttah and American veaeiiai apaatnenamatnotteg. £ag-•onte the praatoje ef to paJittoal power to ha aaion with regeaeratea ItalyveUons laahnes cf replying.matter of faith, but of policy, and tot tne Pope has no would be to abandon that very liberty, aad perhaps that liali shipowners migbi also mmplais af tea aanitny to juradiction on such a question la proved by the memora of Europe. Poamid of the panes of the Alps, the gates of which they were exposed by that act law Bocae woejd fete declaration nf 1682, to which the name of Bossuet e Italy would be in the hands of France, and no aggrandise recollect that, to the tovaatitatton which aaas: place into appended:—"at, Pater and his ancceaaors, vicars of Jesus ment of Sardiaa would be capable ot compensating her tne circumstances aaeadtog the leas af taaaVoyal ensrter.OFIHIOHB OF THE ENGLISH PRESS.Cbrtotton about them, aad which will wrongly endeavor WHO WllJ, BE THE LtTTHSB OP FBANCB AMD CALVIN Christ, and even the whole Church, nave only received for each an injury. Switzerland would be presse.i also aa attempt waa made to ax npoa tint manapaw captain tbeone aagia day, nrot couaaelled K> the Pope reforms whicho fear thai oar rebel.nos provutcnsaf tbe aught have saved the mtrgnty of as aentiniooa. Those 5'"i that it bad made up its mind to brave suppress!sn are grave worcn and of high significance, and announce a will place France in a condition to obtain at a pnee more them to heavy chums under tbe provtoaea of tbe PaaseoalreedyregardedanremovedIranoarPan coexseto were rejesieu,theevilbasbecomeaggravatod, IS- blowhasnowCome;anditaevidentlystruckattha changeofpolicyevenmorecompletethanmexpressedin advantageousthanatpreseolthe meat•mportar.--ine»•• geract. <Hear,hear) Thehraarable gentlemancooweaegge-l h a Ms^ety. m theaaine of tan UMrch, th« m oonssderaiton of hat own welhue andand now tt teem* ao laager possible to lead back the po- pulations of the Bemagaa, unless compelling them by torse.lore himself, the occasion chosen for the suppression oi the ['racers being the pubicauon by that journal of his Holiness' encyclical letter of Jan. 1». The Gt*rtitutim*i!, •toee present editor, af. Grandguillot, delightt to keepthe detorminntox of the Emperor to suffer no intervention el war—von aad coaJ r Ii a not impossible thai Eugfanlbetween to Pope and bis revolted subjects. The one has srnve.t at a pointwhich renders her desir•».* of ylett- course might be prejudicial to the temporal power of the ing up ber rank In the council of natione, ber politicaleluded oy expreesmg his toteatioa to vote Mr tae motion d the bonotable member for Sunderland.Mr. BBXIIMX thought tt was biipnastolii to wreTrato tbetauay, be aamn: pat aa sad to oar aBBransntetai, ActaSupieme Pontiff, bat the other strikes a far deeper btow position in exchange for some altera-iocs of the tariff.averuweternalMmlHol'all,weraentnileil.itathai forthempptogiveuptheBomagnathantoreconquerit uptheocticnthatheactsuponIdaownindependenttudg whenitcallsinquestiontheeecleaiasticaldogmaolPapal MessrsCobdeaaadBrightarenotyetattheheadofthe notoaiytothedepneatonafagreatBvtoreatbuttothe•to i by IBM paterta! chanty with wmen we BUS watchThe Emperor thought that it was more advantageousat the coat« tbv amod a; h a aabjecto by foreign inter- a.ec..g-.viB ont that it "asked itscST" whether it was k infallibility. The Popeto not only treated as a had Sove- government of England.importance of the qatattati before she House, which retete•vary cne BUM ene any reader a strict account before the mbunaiaf Carat, aad uadergo a very Be-voyejadg- at every one ought, oa that acoouet, to do evcrytfaagattofawerto mar*ratasrtbereign who has tost his subjects br magorernment, out as a rpYriftiai despot tike ha! pattiea by eneroackmenl poteen whichtheconfutationofthechurchoftohtchheisth*headsources from which ear navy was to be saanatd Y et, judging fiom the appsexaaae of the toaaaary aad front opposition bencnes owe would suppose tana the Houee was ensageamdtosaaetoaseeswnastierofantoasartoaeewnaa- evtr. (Hear,hear.) TheconductofAsaertcaeap»ci*lly nadexasperatedthenaaerabtemember,aady«»toatcoti uncididnotappeartohepecuiiartydasaiiinj,otcensure. IiaK.r•.-.wantmgtomas*abargainwithhteoeigtibor, (uBiBi.L<.tki by giving htm an be peateaaeU, an; m en f>und Uvat'ba 11 aad was inclined to take w&at was vo. -aa tartly oOered to him and to keep what he had of b;-«»«:, be bad no ngbi to complain. Ihe eoaduct of h « iKjigik-vention. He emit eo sincerely to the HoUr Father to a teaar weetby of the atorct Son ot the Church aad of the Severeigaof Prance. ThePopewasat libertytofollow arrejectthatadvice. Berejectsa.gaily acttorized to publish the letter, aad resorrad th>-qaesti«n of its ova accord ia the negative, on account ofarticle 1oftneconcordat. Thefreste, however,toll*the ttuth, which a that M. mllault'a interdiction nererbestoweduponhtm. Aninfallibility whichatobe against thepublicationwasaccompaniedbyarefe measuredbyitaconformitywithcanonsandcouncilssub :>.£cetothaarticle,whichrunsthus;—Nr>bull, brief,re- mitsItselfvirtuallytothejurisdictionofprivatejudgment,TOEOLEATFftEETtlBEMflAEIT.af •iiii in to testme. At Rome she would still, if nee-;a be, deleni the Tcis very strongly worded claite baa been a dead letter tual which was a leading feature in tne policy of Ferdi Inc wn and 10th oi Victoria, cap Vi, an act ior cxnoen bor might be worldly, bat surety it eras act uaaaiar.r,theeaaseef rebfwo aad or jaauee, Pope agaiaat anarchy; but if the pobticai authority of the •viTrir,'," the restoration, am! Is even now BO further hand and Isabella, Philip II., Louis XIV.; and other props sating the families of persons k'lied by accident": the nor diu u deserve the epithets so freely scattered o a i er*M power of tba Boty Father everywhere cam to iteatmed to go through Merchant Shipping act (1864) the Merchant SnifpioeCaerca, an temporal aaaaeaanaa an* tin rights, other craes, the r»saaaaaathty muat not fait anon tne acted upon than tor the purpose of establishing the right. and pillars of to church. Again, we rcraini our Ultra- act (leS6.) the Passenger act, (I8a6,) and the Chinese by the honorable member for oundertond It se>m-,whath aereaia to the waato Cataooc universe ; aao to gtceroua taooo which has done everything to obviateIbe i'<*.!tUi.tt-H*fl tells us that the ''moderation and to- montane fellow subjects that these things are not written Parsenjer act. (Iran.) A committee was appointed,hehowever, that out governaaeo'. was to dem«od tbit re<. procity tm which we were enfatod. If t h a eouatry •!« mended rrciprocity iron. America sad ether ountnes, it wae bound to tell those countries what court* •» •. ' >>e puraueu in raae tbe eemano tact with a taint-1: Tnero would be ihen but oae clear course wltteb he aboull r--urn*,toaacrinc*evenuseiteeU,eoooerthanaoaadenin •wnottheeentin^nttwithwnkhtnatac-camenihasinaay manner Uko cease or Hod, of the Chord) aad of jus- sptreti ua. Wc aie about to attempt an analysis cf it which has been delegated tc M. Grandguillct Tbjs genUM. but yon eta eaatry guess, venerable brethren, bow with the moderation. independence and sincer ity habitual toarr a our graf oa bttBOkuag to what a dates***) war tout Acdftrttef ail we separate- from the temporalmajor-ty of me French; it ia to the sovereign who ieciares hurst':i the eo. my of the principles on which our society has been based slr.ee 1789. it ia to the politician that wet emen, after the usual formal professions of respect for the head of the Catholic church, ssyt that, in the present instance, the Pcpc has departed from the limits assignee io bis poradicuon by the memorable declaration nf 1682, to which Bo* si let attached bis name.ear aaat boty rebRMB m a pray, to the great detfueaot of prmce the spintat) chief of the religion profeased by the1: # curiona that the Mmiuur which took the lead inpublith ng the speech after M. Bil'ault had given himselfthe trouble to keep it out of the journals, has not yetthoughttitvonoticetheletter,thetaskofreplyingto theauthororthisarticleproceedssignificantlytoobserveThe concluding sentence < f the article in the totmfuear aag«ah on searamg the a m i of thoaja M«H in are about to reply, it is tne manifesto of the bead of the tumnet, is a manij'tU retnmr.undation to all the Pope's sub- STAIN AND WTHSB POWERS TO SUPPORT P10 NONJ. allow our sbips to eater their ports on the same terms asearprorioeeatroubledbynsroii,wherepiety.rel-^toa, HUL. t..-ti-sty AAA morsia »r^ aepiora3iy weaatest;. b^ paraaewiia wnuaga- l e t y o u , above a ll, aa&eraoie brethrea. who are called t o ahara l a o a r eotwjaocW, aadpodUncialgovernmentthatwewisht>judgeandappre- ciate.j-dt c.uidttheiralltofSometothrouiofhisyokeassoon as fotsttie, and a so understood by thePresae,which, aowever, observes satirically that the O-ristiiuttonnd. not ttithctanding frequent disavowals, continuen to speak as if it were authorised by the French government. This a merely the old stcry. M. Grandguillot, aa everyAPariscorrespondentoftheLondonChroniut,writing onthe30thofJanuary,Bays—their ships were showed to enter our ports. ( Cheers fromthe oppot: lion.) For many j ears treaties of reciprocityhad exated betwten tha country and the Caited Statea, oiii State ana another aheuto h e regareed a s caaatiug and before I860 their sL.,:s were admitted to our ports on trade. Be agreed wish Mr. Laboochere, who when a exactly tbe same terms as our ships were admitted to Minister of the Crown aad a sneaaaar af aaat H-xste. sa*i their ports- But after the repaal of the na^irui.-m taws that the notion that a voyage, evtween Maltaan 1 Kiigiandnaiato-aan-irr of theart!power of ti*Msame Hee,ofthat oatnawny o f the bteanad Peter, whom ii a to to t&machinations succeed as they mav. surely they and the passed and the Americans still retained taeir coastingtereat cf er«ry CaAatie to praaecv W e call opdfl yonanwajfaliy. sad ai the meat argent manaer, reaerabie vived the hopes of the Romagnoia, who ware enduring thetauten also must comprehend that England and France unll never,on anyprttext. tolerate any tnltrvenUm. The sub-trade, and stir excluded our ships. The voyage from NewYork to California was quite as long and quite as difficultas the voyage from London to Calcutta. In m\kmg itships were obliged to paas the shores of various foreignnationa, and therefore, m its strict technical meaning, itwas tot a coasting voyage. But the Americans not only The men who were crammed to a certain extent got tbebretbrrt! .'to unite with as tn addreamng Ho& anosaemglywhb '.be seat aad moat ferreat prayers, m concert witnto fauofttt entrusted to your care, in order that He mayyoke of the catuinais, because tba detested domination was supported by the bayonets of Austria. The retreat of the Austriaas, by allowing the Romagnas to breath, has logically led to the fall of the power that bad been ao painThe aoppression of the Cntrer.* reminds the Prose that in JJsJefthe Inivtrs alone, of all the Paris journals, hailed with enthusiastic approbation the enactment o f article 32under Austrian luiiueace aow as he was before the late campaign.eammandthewtoasandthesea;that Hemaya*r.staswitb Hit moat efficacHKta anccor, that H o m a y protect fuUy kept upright by foreign force. Instead of submittingA letter from Turin. in the Paris Sievle, says:—maintained that it was a coasting voyage, but that a ship loading at New York with ixirtions of cargo for Rio. Bahia, Valparaiso, and the remainder for California, was engagedcertiiicato, while those who were far better seamen were unable to obtain it. (Hear, bear >Mr. CATSexpressed a hope thu the saggeetioo of tbehonorable member for London would be embodied tn tneor ginal tnou»u before it was dually adopted o> tnaH » w ,by which nieai-s the inquiry would be saatenal.y ww.-uej.Besuiis. niter the ciscueslon oi an' previous nwt.'. ot. ioereappomunent of the Packet Service Commiuee. it w*;.Hta ChLTch that He may arise anJ judge its oaoae, that mBa i;'vHemayealigbtea wanHacelestial grace me •aemMa of toe Church aad of urn See, and n o deecemt to brag them back by H a all powerfai pradeave, to the path of troth, of juattca aad of eaiya-.on. aad m '-roar that tiod, belag invoked, mag the moreto the law of necessity, n u s IX. wanted to defend his authority, and the Swas regiments were sent to Perugia."We do not wlah here to embitter the discussion by r ecalling the Ueeds ot cruelty which successfully upheld theItH e a authority' in that unhappy wwn. We menlyajfirrnMai at S**u, r crista, and tn >M KvmJgneu, tAe tape.:Letters front Rome, the writers of which a r e generallyor the organic decree of February 17, by which Louis Na- well udormed, state that the Pope to decided op exctung, in the coasting trade from which Eu^iish shipsA great war wae unoVmken in Italy; its object was to secure the* independence of a neighboring nation, to main- tain the secular pelicy of France, wbo has never permitted Italy to be subjected to the domination of the house ofA atracge aad up to the present unlooked-for complica- tion of the anairs of the Pope seems lik-sly now to occur. From reliable advices received from Madrid, I have every reason to believe that the Queen of Spam, notwith-«ha have ucea to band with ao much k>yaity, mawiein.«odcour»fr, tte cause of religion, the Church aad theApaatohc See, oaauaae to dafaad that aaane esnavwltb Austria. For eleven years Prance, who had replaced Pins body ia newspaper circles well knows, does speak standing she already has enough to took after, ana in abuaMY« iMartsad aaal, to inBaaae. suit mate each da? IX cc ha temporal ibrooe. has been soliciting trom the :'rtm official liepiralioE • subject only to the condi- spite of the opposition of her ministers, is resolved to pro-our porta in India and Aus'raiia were opened to ships of the United States, and in 1864 we threw open the wtiole of our coasting trade The rirht honorable member for O x ford said taat he felt not only sanguine, but perfectly cer tarn that after the act of lb64 the Luted tttaies WO-JM throw open their coastiLg trade to us Six years hadstood upon a dillerent footing from a voyage between Mew Y ork ami California w a s preposterous aad inconsistent One ot the greatest grievances of which t h e SD'p,>tng m - tereet cf this country had to complain won th>' subjectioa in which they were kept by the Bearuaf Trade Only U.ose who were practtoally connected with the shipping biteiestknewUieabsurdititeanddlfncutueatowhichthey were thus exposed, from the whole of wh'cfc foreutn na- tions were exempt. Owner* of vessels bad great cause to complain that an examination of maaters and mates waa obligatory, ;n order to enable thorn to command a vessel. Tbe cerUhoate, unfortunately, was no test of aeamansbip.""'"niiim IUIHIWU m j a a i t m . i n order that, under Pope s free will thvee reforms that were demanded loudly i on of snbmitticg to be repudiated when oonven tect openly the temporal power and interests of Rome. JWinnUaep tbev amy not caaaa to emptoy all thoir by the eni>*£ popoiation of the Koman States. For eleven lent His declaration, coinciding with the idea of The two Penates and the Nuncio are busily forming andTWto, ail tbetr seas aad ail their thoughts tor tba defenceaf to Cathooc CbareJ) aad the Boty See, aad tor the > ears the Pope aa i bis government have refuseJ to listenconcocting such combinations a s would bring aaout a be pamphlet that the Emperor will not maintain the change oi circan-stances much to their favor. Let thesetothewisestcourseIsX$e eo;;ajp.ee t f bar troops, who were going to combat k Italy for the holy cause of the peoples, naturally re-Tope in the possession of any part of his territories be> and the city of Rome, IBhighly important, aad will, I amsure, be so considered in Italy. A great stop has beenmade since the Emperor's totter, which half promised jects of Has IX. must deal with him, aad him alone. that if the lope woe Id yield to his advice and give up Spam has no right to interfere in a matter so totally out the Romagnas, the rest of h a States should be gua- ot ber province. The Pope is, I am assured, as much ianteed„—--poleon armeu t.mseir w;th the nower to extinguish a n y journal whatever at his will and pleasure. "Thus,'' says the Prent, "the arm1! which the Unvxn approved of are LOWturned against itself. God forbid that we should re- joice in a catastrophe which, while it weighs heavily uponif he pcstioiy can, a religious war , b y joining with t n e Bourbons or Naples and with Austria The Court o! Rome a endeavoring by every means to cause the entry of the army of the lung of Naples into its States, that circum-were excluded rie coul i only tocch upon the leacicp features ol a subject so twjpre bensive as tt.f. and, m the first place, he begged alter Hon to that of lights H" knew mat many liouorable members livid aMrsD^o; Iu,r that, as the stpown.rsgtxtnment im* bam kept an its left Jor eleven paturigt»eeartooutprayers,toyoursaadtothoseotall mi«Jybythepnteccim<*fforag*oopWtt Assoonaswritersoftalent,remindsusbuttooforciblyofthefra-stancewouldhethesignaltorcivilwarbetweenthedesirable thai the objects and scope ot the m q w y should derived the benetit, they ought to maintain th-* iisbts. be we!! oettned m tbe order of reference, hs to the re-proud.that the days af schism and heresy are past, and tbs.t there is no reanon to suppose a temporary misunjaerstand- ing likely in thnae enlightened days to produce any result of the kind. Bat nothing shows more clearly bow com plete the estrangement has become than taat any neces stty should beteit for such aa avowal.Fully aware of the imparlance of this declaration, and Of its historic connection with toe ancient policy of r ranee,lor tome lime past suffered from great depression, and to meet England to a spirit of fair play ant justice, to revoke eiaml&e generally the causes o» tbar expression For ma all the concessions made by England. *"ownpart,however,befeltthatttieeecauseswere*•<<apparent that only a very iunited inquiry wo ill be neces- Ut A ">;mi bought that tbe propoeal af tae booorable sary. H e wanted to know what tiia iiil.'rent govern- member tor Sunderland, wi>b the aoonms Bsgceg>»i o y ments wbisc had been :n power tiace I860 fui'i don<> to the boiiorabte member lor Loaouo. wouui be a. c*pt# 1 by ofr'aui that reciprocity whicb the British ahipowne- had a the House It was because he «a« a believer in free ra 'e r;ght to especc (tnoern tr*>tn the opposition.) He teared that the r> ciprocity clautes ought, in his opinion, to «* io-more every day the faithful committed to their care,in J'ays. which is, ui Uje main, nothing but a weak apology circumstances, the important duty of giving satisfactionorder that, under their,conduct, they may not cease to use for and a weak remonstrance with the Pope, but it con to the legitimate requirements of the people whose dignity sixpence for light dues, while Ujeir shipping vimtinH our rirhts w.th that oi other aauona, would fear rompettioncluaes witn the following Gallic bounce —tholic churchan.: the Holy See.tor themaintenanceof Sptaktr...jabsolutely.Gvdhasnoneedofanybody; bulfor KKTOKTOrTHKMl!«19T«nOPTHEIXTEUPBOHTHB theei»iipoweroftbasamesee,ihapatrimonyofthe ih<lastf<jirtevneenturushehasalwjysthoughtitittcfultoand conduct have so mucn astonished Europe. The go- ports hal prnd no less than JL£U,t/0'j ,igat aue* m the ten with the. mercantile marine of no country in tne wot.i.Of ourfriDUficatethe 14th.all their efforts, aeai, and thoughts in defence of the Ca-vernments of Central Italy being satisfied oa their part wished aiao in satisfy those provinces by proclaiming the law of bardima for political elections.For the'present only announcing these facts, Count Cavour concte-ies by repeating that he will never fail in ha responsibility for the tranquility of Europe and the pacification of Italy.yearafrom l!4u to I860 11 we redressed thu'inequality, we should certainly have a better chance ol ootai-xg re- ciprocity ijom the CuiteU estates.Mr Hossiiix. in aecoLding the motion, sat i he asrreed with the hon. gentleman by whom it was made, in the in the views with respect to reciprocity to which he bad(Hear, bear.}M>- M riK*js gad it was really impossible tor him to touct; upon the various subjects which had breo mtro iluud into this u-.baie. and it would be very inconvenient to>!o so. as mar.y of to*- acte of Parbameni and m-ia.sures adopted bj foreign countries which had been mentioned were ur» cisi ly the subjects proposed tor inquiry by tutst a a c n wan th e organ of a religions party, pjewcswaa were every day becoming in more direct rppo*" <;i Vi toe oiivilegea of tae !*tate. The in- eeatant attune •>( thw party tend to domntato the Frenchbleated Peter, whitih tt ccnoeree all CathoUcs to pro- tect.' ,Neither is that all The Pope taken upon himself to de- fend the principle of IcgUtmacy, the power of the de- thrones princes: to a contest against ha subjects, against•MI, y Frann forthe cccomtlultsteni uf hisaes*0ns. [From the London Poet (Government organ), Jan. 31.]The pi;»' canon of the encyclical letter oi the Pope, ad- oreeteo to ail "patriarchs, primates, archbishops, bishops, and ctners in communion with the Apostolic See," andclergy,toconioaadtherehgwaaopmiona.magitatotheItaly,againstFrance,he(hattershimaeilibatfheenalithesuppression.fjHowingawiftlyonitspublication,ofTHEGXBIJaAJLDIARMAMENTINSARDINIASURREN-givenexpression,aswe'Iasinthosewhichreiat-dtothecommitteeliewaswellawarethatmanyoftbXMeeatuiti) an'! to untiermme the fundamental Bases on intimidate all the kings, all the governments that ac- the ultramontane organ—the Cnivs—mark another andDERED TO ENGLAND.In the House of Commons on the 8tst of January, Mr.9rurgnxix>ratetoasktheSecretaryofSlateforForeignnecessity which existed for the removal ot the ourdenson regulations- an-' acts of Parliament were of repent originatoeh the relaroca between the Church andi ciail nociety are fo«a<ted This war ma<te against oar most ancient uo-adttmaaismostdangeroustorehgton,whichitknowledge the same principle.We exaggerate nothing, and w e beg every impartialatiil more important pbaee in the ttruggie between the Pope aad the Emprror of the French- Bow will that Itruggie ean? CanthePopeauppresstheEmperoroitheFrench,shipping' and the operatic n of Lord Campbells act Mr.DIGBTSxtaocBsaidthat,whilehewasactuatedbybut be did not thank that any one waa of opiama mat they were s<> perfea'. as not to be anaceptibie of cbangef wbxb wouldbebeneoctalto thesnippinginterest. (Hear.mantoreadtheencyclicalletterofthePope. Theywul, Mcaase tae Vreach etergy have never sepa say if it be possible to invoke more clearly a holy war or »ill the Emperor of the French, in pure self defence, Anairs whether it was true or not that, towaros the end no spirit of hostility to the motion before the Bouse. he hear ) In i^SS, 2.699,000 tons ol British Bhippm,. weretheirreap«wtfuisabmaatoetotheHory^Sectnapwi-igaa.itallwhobelievethatthetemporalautnorityofthebedriventotheattempttosuppressthePopefCantheofthemonthorDecemberlast,apublicassociation,tobewasafraiditstermswerenotsuchaatoarmthecommitemplovedintheborneandforeigntrade-,inlss-l.4,000,000teewiththosepowerswhichwouldplaceitinapositionto set at rest complaints which were made from one endof the kingdom to th e other. As to the cause of thosecomplaints he need say but very little, for in the debateupon the aubject which had taeen place to May last, bon. apeeey improvement, even if it had not already members on both sides the Honse, the representatives of begun (Hear, hear.) The old coaaparaoa eo gieat as well aasmall maritime constituencies, were unan often maic between tbe number of British moosintheir opinionthatacioudheavierthantnat entering and clearing from the diflerent•franc*epavoapaty,uktchha*o/teaawptoaeaitnmoderation andthovghuulCatholicsastheworstoutragethathasyet terminedupon,andwasonthepoint ofbeing signedby which the experience of any former year re oftheunitedkingdom,andIhenumberofforeignsnipeao e'ereato ot the Chorcfc. aa well M these of etotoatocaanau to to Waermatf the Sotoon chorea, caa been onered to me r creed ? And, in the effort to identify the King; and, further, whether, under these circum- veeled then bung over British shipping. B e quoted entering and clearing out was somewhat taliacious, be- imperiously demand that aa and should be pad toj/i» tne tram o/' s/i.re*pnprince, who in the name the interests of the Papacy with those of despotic govern- stances, Sir James Hudson, her Majesty s ambassador at a passage from Mitchells Maritime Register, illus- cause in the return of Btitiab ahips so account waa taken trative or the general condition of the shipping of those employed in other parts of tbe world. between interest, and showing the great preponderance of French, Ai.atra.ia, for msui.ee, and foreien ports. (Bear, bear )ma!mauerstromtheuuaeaofpatnettam. therebgiomprew b«i ninaderatood the mamea of moderation asdpeace which « had fc»aecompbah. The CWeer*, above ail,aaeaatbla to the aaramgs wnieh have been given It, goesevery cay to the extreme IhaMaot violence, b a to it we government of the cardinals fail o injure immensely the impress on the whole Catholic world the belief that the Sineo, and tae Presidency, with n. osent of the King,theae vtotont iawlaantona to which regretable attodn to as provocattoaa, ana the scandal bywhichtoanattierofprofonadatanmetarnf religion ? at it possible that the spiritual chief continuance of his m<sgovernmeni in the Romagna a ne- accepted by Garibaldi; and whether, about the same tune, of charity and tolerance can write in the cesaary for the security and dignity of the Catholic faith, a rojal decree appointing General Garibaldi luspector-m- centurysuchaletterasthis.' Isitpouttiethe orwillthapretensionbeindignantlyrejectedbyallpwos Chiefofthe*abonelGuardofthekingdombadbeende-aatcrallgoodcitiaeas.PcpesmaybertiminahedfortheaakeofItalyspeace, and we may say for the sake ol the world's peacesWell! cansuch conduct on the part of the Pope and the,to theae excesses A goverameat feaaead aa the aa of relation would fain rekioto tone odious wars, the tad ment in all ether lands, will any real service be rendered Turin, under utstructions from the government at home,I will does not fear discussion, bat it oagat to be able remembrance of which still survtToa, and the excesses of to either the spiritual or temporal tyrannies, aad will not against these who annas, overthrow which stamp with the brand of reptahataon the age they the dangers by which the first a menaced be the moreand in conjunction with the French ambassador, or other wise, on tbn fid day of January, or on aay other occa- siou. protested to the King against auch measures, whichDutch and other foreign ships over British tonnage in the But had tbe alleged depression been peculiar to England - Chinese ports m April last. British vessels tn From a return contained in tbe report ot, tbe Secretary of China were unable to bold their own against the Treasury ui the Caittel States, ii appeared that whilej pabUc order, the mdependence of deluged with blood:' The Emperor bad addreaaed himself surely and more speedily extended to the second'.'rand to aarhorny aad dignity of rotgkm tospectfulry to the good aease of the Pope,to his iatolh- hawtatbaiohja^thatlproposetoyttirMajeatytoftaceofwhatrognroatheinterestsofreligion,byaiow-ba Majesty was supposed, ot bis town free will, to beTheaearequestionsoffargreatermagnitudethanthe abouttoadapt,etating,inthenameofherMajestyago- foreigncompetition:American,Frenchaadctpa- therehadbeenanincreaseintheMntahshippingem-Pope,asbehasundertakentodo,suppressItalianaa tioaaliiy? or will Italian nationality assert its own rights, achieve its own triumph, and make good the defiance which it has hurled against the Papacy? Can the PopeentitledLaKazioneArmata,havingforitsobjectthe voluntary arming and organisation of large numbers of the population of the kingdom of Sardinia, was proposed by two members of the Chambers "'goon Brofleno andtons:inle*T,r;.2ii,00b,andinlS5s,4.335Mi!tonaSuch an increace as tow lrresaubfytod to tbe conclusion thatif there were a eenoua dspresaxm m Britath abippmg it could but be ternoorary. and that we might took forward to aactual matters in daputo regarding Central Italy; though, byameatlogicalaeqoeace,theydirectlyspringfromtnat immediate cause. The letter of the Pope possesses,>t theiBhwufumeasPiualX. means to run the rasa of a contestletaapityhint;butletuaaayitwith firmness, thethanfor tahgtoas faaaiaism a over, and the teaiporal chief ofthe KomanStates wUl reap from ha colpebte uaoertataag the aame time. both a present political and batorical in- such proposed measures were persisted in? merelytheshameofhavingconceivedit lertst./rusaUsplainly markingoutthertUUicepetitionsof LordJ.Hotetix—IcoateesIamunableto answerthenieh ships actually running away with thetrfreights. The shipowners Old not say, '-En-force reciprocity, go back and avail yourselves of yourorders to Council, but look st France; look at America: (Hear, bear ) And it slimier returns could he unamait lookstthesystemofdifferentialdutiestowhichourships forI'.-axio andHolland,oe hadevery reseontobelievenaatymthe Itoeert the Kto article of the decree of Pab. n.Use.aadtoorcaoaaeethe sappreasMnM that pen- ttoai The dootrmea and the .Jsaiaal would resusUtnto among us are not new; the oldftanUt monarchy hasalwaystoss;greatbahopntornaimUanaagleanpawarfalaaaa m to atnggto. Yoar Itojaaty will not show your the church; pad wataaf saafeasa to aaaaawal paeer; and u>uaicA the Papal and Imperial combatants have hitherto what was done m P:eamont with regard to La Nazioneployed in the tost three years m the home aad foreign trade,there banbeen.adecreaseto theShippingofthe United States employed in their borne aad foreign trade.[FromtheParaPanne,. " s e e *an devoid of, that any coautmlmi of the PopeIns an net of who, try* protend,theBut Pius IX. towinbytheexerciseofjusticeandofmercy.Inanswerto opinion,tnamonarchyallthearmedforcesthouldbetw- wewillthrowopenoorCanadian coasting trade;throw toaamgtotoeideataatawas i^f*".."*1( thePapalletter,requesting at thehands ofFrancethe dtrthecuanwmrf</theKing Alltheforcesof theking- openyours." Theydiinotclamorfor something even ,„ ,T_.tiM^i ininiaseasi byreversingpreservation of the mtegrtty sad inviolability of the dom had previously been underthe command of the so- eacent aad paltry when they sought admission to tha fortheal ?^jW,aanr.) As tforai—from the correspondence which thai journal wasthemeaas offirstmakingknowntothepublic,andwhich we slated to have panned between the Vatican andthe Tuiileries at the dose qf the past and the commence-ment or the present year, a s w e already bad occasion Garibaldi to invite him to accept the presidency Sir J. to mention, the Pope wrote to the Emperor of the French,proving. the Emperor was dapoaed to hold oat tne handot a reformer, guided by a judicious and .ntolligent mind.He bailed this as an indication mat the time was netfardistant when France would be encourage i to follow theexample shown in t h a country, urgea bv the remon-strances which tbe debate of that evening would enabletheForeignOfficetoaddressto her,when oursnippingwould participate in tbe benefit* of proaperoos commerce,aad when the golden threacs of friendly interchange prosperity—to provide that freights should be settled at would be woven into a hand of amity A t present w e one nxeu sum, or tba: the shipping mteT*atshould derivegive. With what consistency could ha turn ha arms •gainst that Italian populatioa which h a d tent forth i t s braveau youths to nghtboaaath to standard, and which had witnessed the simultaneous daeppearan ie of Ro- man legates and Austrian generate, as the natural and necessary miaaqmiiins of b a victories? Gould the towed CoUege really have supposed that tha Bavcf the French would renew, isspacttog the Ro the teaommton part which to tan years French government has been stomal to play ineo the work of Papal ee«darmet or after year canknuing tohearkened to- j ear after year charged h y the chief cause of tl8h;l theinstructions from her Majesty's government, nor do I them from mucn of the foreign trade aa wed. He did rence to free wane, whileiw—• — J^W wsaaaiMaara fnoa rans^aaJawmI mawlarlln n f l n f f l IE. ^aTaaaa Coin fllCjntaas naaaaV MM'had relieved Ht had,,••* aaaaldbe fens^*.*JW_ *-. vtoast wasna IBW WSBBM«a. *•-"*w. -—-*--—*--a a»- « »toeWMtoby tea forelock, tot itall the tatittotal pamaminns ofvernment, mat the good offices of Great twitain, in tne preaent crisis of Uahan affairs, would be withdrawn ifWeahaiiremamreapectfaltowardsthespiritualheadof theFrtnvhMmptrorandhimself,andsettingforthMsorder formerpartottnequestionofmyhonorablefriendasto wereaubjectinforeignporta,albutexcludingusfrom thattheywouldshowtheaameresult. Theaewerethearmed assentation in Sardinia, of which Genetai Garibaldi wastobethehead,andthatSignerBrouerto,oneofthe Chamber of Deputies, and two or three other deputies, were favorable to the association, and* went to Generalin draw them, lac teterrton «f tone lana a proanteiaf Bis Hoanees had, in fact, been again playing has the question come before ber Majesty's government, had to compete with foreign ships, having differential ftorn the empioyment of their veesele tbe aame aaiformtoe aacerrtpaa/ Fteaaa an*Umt XaaahardH, as tolast Jvaace, to tomam af tojsani tmttr toane. Religionw dowith tone purely politicalforhids on to excite to hatred and violence. It tonot m the aaaaasaath oaatoryto forget them, but he asanas make others forget to order to retain by mere brute force in obedience theae Sardinia that this association ought to be dissolved. Sir lac trade? The slipownen said, tn the spirit of the pan of the swreranaaat toto benola, bat which, were he a Caholic, he would wit-didinthemostpromptandgenerousmanner. General Garibaldi afterwards wrote to Sir James Hudson toequitabletenseoftheterm,acossttagvoyage, ifso, togiveuaconfluencethatth*-.lepuaaant what became of the voyage from New Yorkto Aspinwall—was that to be held s coast- temporary. (Bear, I r) ^•kWa? w H iaoness withtor greater shame and humiliation, the part ofthat m taaaaanan will be tost; the Pope himself may mendicant at a foreign court for the aid of foreign anus, know whether be bad given any opinion to the King ofbe bathot he would subjects wnose affections he would not condescend to J Hudson answered promptly and frankly thai, in his tree trade, ''Let antertoa meet as an fair and equai terms, be nVparty » iBSwrttog » T ^ l I t t , ^ n « ^ a r*selves as they nvgt.t tc induce foreign nations toanv.eed very iuJly by a committee in 1846. over which a higher rate of freight for the homeward voyage it.nu an at the head oi tne govercmei t was a member. Trtit comtheir trade, aad say whether something cannot be doneto figures. From l*aa up to the priasai Mate 816,072 toneput us in a more fair position-'' B> was happy to sec, so bad been auued to the number cf Brtttoh thTpa employed (ar aa France was concerned, that the prospect was im m our home and foreign trace about 19 par cent—onlyvereign an Ceminander-in-chief. It was an entirety pri- vast field of profitable employment in the American const pobcyeftnatemporal rate of tba Holy See, and the reduction of theRomagna provinces to obedience by the arms of Franca,Napaleon 111. gave the only reply which as a man orsense, or even as a man of honor, it was inha power to to these questions, sad one open which he received no ng trade. Their axnluaton from it virtually excluded that stoe rnraJJed each«to aeaevate proceeding on the part of Sir J. Hudson with regardof the 1-thinkthattheFrenchMinater bnuanythingtodowith not, therefore, asktoomuchwhen heasked thatthe the matter. As to Sir J. Hudson having tkatod that the Brttam shipowners might go before a select eoaamiaiMtoornatememberforfeat Nsrfoat topreaecucc (Bear.)[From Galigaaal'sgood offieea of Great Britain would be withdrawn if t h e proposed measures were persisted to, I believe Sir J. Hudson newer made any statement of that kind. Al- though It ana n o t necessary to u s e aay public notice o f the matter, I wrote a private totter m Sir J, Bauson ap-• he had doneMr GRMTTRwished to know whether he wan to under-stand that thfc was an entirely unauthorized prcosadto; oa the part of to J. Hudson.Lord 4. awanrtn Bar Majesty's government and never heard of tfen matter until they were in!ormad of mby toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tell their wrongs, and bear trom that tnounal * * • » * ' iheir grtovaacee were sneh aa Providence onfy COUMoew but ao'togatotive remedy could henl^ ^ Mr CaawwEi., wbo had given mistoa o f m s m » rUntitled Document: o move the appointment of a eetort eaaiBMu*e nm the connitton of the -operstiooe of say legal enacTOe--^--« ^ affecting the •at the^ - 4 ^toanaoatS£JLm^m***""*'»"•—UK shipowner* weald have nenaang teweaaatoto of, but nnfortuaateiy they were nwataapitotosn to thetr pro- ceedings,andavessel wasoften sawedandpieces to sua their peculiar vtows. aaaan,toa« th e*-y•»•»»«•» www.fultonhistory.com 