 •toovinatimeofprofoundpeace.YetMr.Bu-I^ou^IaMHXeetincInPhiladelphia.DAILYHOEMBLETRAGEiyr:MONDAY,chanan was greatly shocked at Mr. Fillmore's j»ro4igatitj%Whentheactualexpecse*.were'about one-naif as large.THE CONTEST BETWEEN BRiCKIXRUKiE. AXD> The contest between Messrs. Brrokvoridge and Dougias has no reference wh ieverto the result of the Presidential election in November. The leaders of both hide's freely admP that question is practically settled,andnothingHutthe legal formalities are necessary to complete Mr. Lincoln's success- Their struggle is for the control of the future or- ganization of the party, and nothing more. Thedesign m to cru*h Mr. Douglas oat entirely, and leave him powerless hereafter. After the 4th of March next, he will be solitary and alone in the Senate as Mr. Pugh has already been voted into exile by Ohi«>, »°d no other has espoused h;s cause."The Breckinridge Executive Committer having abundant command of means, and control of the official corps throughout the country, intend to organize independently in every State, and to run an electoral ticket which will not be withdrawn or compromised by any bargain. They are in f«>r the•war, aad to the knife, and have notified temporiz- ing followers in Pennsylvania, New-Jersey and-New-Y ork, that no fusion oreombinat ion ticketstreet, testified; About 11 £ o'clock last night.j whil J sittirg in my office, I heard the report of a pistol;•rNEW-YORKTRIBUNE,JUL Y2,1880.ciiy," and all the Government offish*, join in the cele-. bringingiJ>H6passenpten*^niakiiurthetotalarrival*of bianon. The,demonstrationis.unexpectedlylargeandshot, tlat it"was Charles Jefferds who had done it; I poesible to have the ship ready by Tuesday, the day at,i'ocr shit** have arrived from China since the 5th,thoughtso.becausehehadthreatenedtodoso, dbe- dcterroirjeduponforexhibition. TheBoardofDirec- came Mr. WshVn had long expected to be shot by himor bis brother; Mr. Walton 1as had much trouble with tors held a meeting at the office of Messrs Grinnell.pa^8«3i-ucr8 from that quarter since the in of Mav, over ; 3,500. ; •;• :•/ ;,. Important mineral discoveries are reported in Kla-math Co.News was received by telegraph from the two south-ern counties of Oregon* yesterday, giving returns of the -ejection.JacksenCounrvgaveShiel,Dem.,.forCongress, S^<: Logan. Kep"., 4&1. '• • v Tbe eaiire Democratic Legislative ticket waselected.Josephine County is reported: Shiel, i1>8; Logan,Logan s vote in Jackson Goonty is a jain of 100r»n his vote of la?t^ year, when .he was defeated in thx- State b> only sixteen vott<*-These returns are em-oura^ring to the "Republicans, and indicate a possibility that a Legislature ha? been chosen' which will in Auifujjt elect two Kepubiiean Senators;Tl»e schooner Ewing brings news from San Bias. Kexko. to the 13th alt.'t T w o English meti-of-war ha I landedportions of thtir crews, a^d tak«-n bbwespioo of San Bias, and were holdirg it against tne liberals.iheacthig Coventor and Custom -House officers had • granitd an officer from a Bri i»c man ot-war the pri .vi'ege oftakTig a Mexican ncbooner, putting an Kn- g iah crew on ooarti.&nd hoisting the Brii^h] ensign for u e vorjjote ofsmuggSiig silver up the coiii<t.Tbis »3 the laoguu^e of- t e Teport received, but Whether the design is t« assist .British subjects to . smuggle or to preA-«;rit *IJC exaction of the duty ou hilvtr by dill'treTr w;:s of Kevoiudo-isto. is probably amatter of opinion.LAT£«»T—By Td^raph to Vazalla.SAN FRASCJSCO, June 9; p. m.A company of twenty puked men. well armed, left Cs*<-ot //City" to-dwy, escorting the Pony Express and Sait JLakt mail. l\>e\ ui»! proeded to meet expresses caving tbis way, reesmbUsuipg the route oy leavingm«m atsd animals at stari •nsdesti«|yed.The Indians have fled from Pyramid Like withoutgiw-g ugb*. The tolunuero are'to diob&nd.Tradv ba? been »t*a^y for the past week. There inenthusiastic. ,BCFFAXO, Saturday, June '30. 18GD.' » w' • *• • ! ' , - . - • w - w I m \• » " » i . t j I . . .*T-r>,""""i; •»1PHii.At)F.r.PHtA, Saturday, June 30, i860. The friends of Dong^as turned ont in greats strength he7ethis*evening,iaIndependence Square,to ratafv h i t * n o m i n a t i o n . E v e r v W a r d i a t h e c i t y t u r n e d o u t ingrtar stTvngtb, and" the attendance "can only benumbeted hy thousands.Fiederick* A. St»-v*r wae elected President.A s«ri»-?of «esolutH»ns were. adopted indorsing thenoniination of the Democratic party- and tho doctrine of Popular Sovereignty.The Hon. R Bowsaw of this city, made a speech, which wnt* enthusiastically received.Eighteenth street, nearTnird avenue, was. on Satur- Mr.M*it>aid:Willthe"Democraticparty,whichhasso daynight,the eceneofadouble muTder,the'parall*!other time Mr. "Walton was suddenly taken sick, and FHen, even ajbtging t Pt she bad been *bree timfetiter- wbereJEdTirm.ia, bat believe bim.fo bexaNow-TWc; I ried"before marriage with the pwu:(iff,and tbajtjhe.r'' donot recognize the pistol now shown me; do not thmk alwaysexpressedthebeliefthathebadbeenpoisoned. thi«d'bmbandwasstillinOhio. AIBO,thatEHen[was- IeVers*rWitbefore1;""TgavemyWu arevolverwHhen of bad temper, often threatened him, and abused bin he was in the Poe*-Office, but tbi» w not the one; - IU«vxens followed t>y E. L. Marshall of California.ment, and thought it absolutely necessa y. After the lowiD^r Jurors weieimpanneled: . documentwasdrawnup,boexpressedhimselfasfecl^- C:Ezekiel Sbalier, George A. Bloomer, Daniel tt.lisb*d in the papers, and Mr. Yelverton was very in- dignant in consequence; have heard Mr. "WaltOn say that be never wonTd make a will; be said his refntiveaJong resisted the oppTes>ion of sectional parties, nowof which has, perhaps, never occurred in New-York.ing much easier in hie mind, and said that he then felt it ss dread cf his wife and step-sons.Having given this statement of Mr. "Walton's do- mestic relations, we now subjoin the statement of the tragedy as related to our jeporter by the gentleman who was with him at the time.Stewart. William Holmes, Ebenwer S. James, Alex.W. Kenzie, Charles Shaw,' William Jameson, James were very srweioos be sbon'd do so, but be utterly re-fail in Histamine;the interests of the country? He The patticulars of the affair, which we publish, were pledged thtat California willnot des-rt the Democraticj party:' and as for >is birthplace, old \Y>.ig Keutaoky, obtained by our reporter from the companion of one i sre U'ight b- pledgsd for either Bell or Douglas. Cd-' of the mutdered men and from other wimes?es of thefueed; I think that Mr. Walton entertain*d v«*ry hard feeb*ngp toward my son Charles; do n^t think Chjirlea frit bard towafd him; I have not spoken to deceased (-ince tbe first of May; saw Mr. Yelvertom last week r Mr. Eobert Yelverton is a medium-sized man, rather delicate. -In consequence of the latere*^ of tbe hour, and the? fact tbat there were ft ill j^everal witnesses to examine, the inquest was adjourned till Thursday neat at 5 o'c'ock.nearby two men, who said that the man had shotjbim-self, and tbey would not help him; a woman]then examination of the body of Mr. Mathews, and found{ ifornia is for D.mghts, as ehe always w:is. She'cannot j go with tlie defamexs of ;he Union and advocates of j disunion., He tlteo recapitulated the proceedings of1 j the Cincinnati and Cbaih-ston Conventions, showing 1 wh^t th»; inn-. Demoefaey a«vocate<l, and Baid thevwhole occurrence. The two men killed were total strangers to each other, the one losing his life while attempting to arrest the murflerer of the other.Mr. John "Walton, the man who wras iirst. shot, andSTATJ'MKNT OF.EICHAKD HENRT PA.SCALT..'.6. Ettston. ];"':! '•' The usual oath" was administered, after whwhl the fiiet witntSB was called. The following is thelisub-stance of the evidence taken by the Coroner:. HSamuel Lee, jr,, deposed—I live at No. 192 Tburdavenue • between 11 andl2o'clock last night I heard tbereport of a pistol; I looked out of my window andjlsawa man lying on the sidewalk; I slipped on my clothesand ran out to pick him up; he was then alive; Iltooklim into the drug store near by; there were standingwere opposed bv the eectionalists on th«^ same pointsI am a cousin of the deceased; his mother and my mother were sis'ere; be at d I roomed together overoi' the sect'ders, ana did not support Buchanan, and has not supported a Democratic candidate for twelve years. He is a dUunioniet at heart; and though he'obtained a seat in the Convention by pledging. Cuion .sentiments, Le wass not t'uu'fcre.Major II err an of Louisiana cordially indorsed th^ he devoted the greater part of hie time. He had acsme op and said he did not snoot himself, baj.thatshe saw a man shoot him and then run Off; after tak-ing the man into the drug store at the corner ofthat tbe slog bad entered tbe right breast, and. passing through the left lobe of the liver, penetrated the spine, wbcie it lodged and was found. Internal hemorrhage,nomination of Douglas. He sougt t for the reason of this Becesston, and ccnid not find it in any pure motive -which should caUse: men to take such important steps. The *e<escion_was on slight and trivial grounds. He ccuJd not.justifv it. As to Tancey's position, he atked, U Are 3ou to follow ir. the wake of one who^sc objectroom over this store which was occupied by himself and his cousin, Richard H. Pascal!, a young man about 20 years of age. ,..'•'' ;•.". •On Saturday night, after having transacted theirSaturday evening, to take charje of tbe receipts for after taken to Bellevue HospbaJ: Mr. Ames helped a post-mortem examination of the body of Mx. Wabton- these days; the.other partners did the same on other me to carry.Mr. Walton into the drug store. I 'J ard found that the shig entered tbe bead just behinacau,«C of death.While the Coroner was proceeding with the inquest, Capt.BeoDettenteredtheroom,havinginbJ3handthV pi6tol with which ithe murders were unques ionably committed. The weapon had been found in the iron yard of a house in Sixteeteenth street, near frying place, lyiEgm tbegras*, it haviu*? evidently been flung tlereby the murderer in bjs flight. Tbe pastolw a single-barreled revolver of the bite Adams patent, t w oBelkvue Hospital; he was alive when removjed; I barrels of which were empty, the others being heaviljr took from bis pockets what papers and valuables he' loaded with slugs. Tbe bore of the barrel correspencUi'The National' Democracy of this city ari firibglOOSome time ago Mr. Walton married a widow lady, named Ellen M. Russell,. who was at that time theanything of it. - ..SEARCH FOR THE YOUSG JEFFliKDS.Tho police were immeoiately Bent in search Of CharlesandEdwinJeffejds,butasyethavenotsuc- ceeded in arresting them. Capt. Bonn*tt of thetime since; feel quite confident because of the pecu- for the reception of the public. A large amount of liarity of the handle; I saw him using it in the yardone day; n y impression was when I saw Mr'! Walton woik must yet be done, and it would seem almost im-T W O" S H O TTBI E l fDomesijic Bifficulty the Probable Cause.will be accepted on any terms. temporarycoalitionascalculatedtodemoralizethrong'r.lifehssbeentoprecipitatedisunion?."HeinEighteenthttreet,about11£o'clock,andwalkedup.bexerptestedmetocometothedistilleryeveryThurs-wantednetogoandseeamanwhohadbeenfsho't;Th«-y consider anybusiness, Mr. W alton and Mr. Pascall left the distilleryfom» ated the Kepublicau docrriue sis equally false and day and Saturday evening,, for the purpose of accom- I immed ately proceeded to the corner of Tbirtjeenth their ultimate object, wh le it is incapable of effect- daitgezous. If ei»htr succeeded, the Union may be the north side of Eighteenth street to Third avenue.. street and Third avenue, and there found Mr. Walton; ing any present advantage. This general purpose t>bh ered to atom?. The I>emocratic party now stands At this corner they both observed a man leaning, panying him to our room, and I always did so; on he was suffering from a pistol-shot wound in toe head;will soon be announced in a more authoritative form.on the comnion grounds .of our fort fathers. The panacea of all evils was now found in " popular sov- ereignty/' Shall we again trust the Government in the'LaLd-* of thofre who have not been able to keep peace for the iast four years ? He was a Louisianiau, and if " popular sovereignty*' contained any senti- ments dangerous to the ins;itutions of that State he would be the first to' combat it; but he considered it the very jsafeg uard of the South. v He was not willing to commit the interests of the South to Caleb Gushing.A telegraphic dispatch was here received from Wil- mington, announcing that Mr. Douglas w»s en route to this city, and lad met witb a great r-ceptibn.The dispatch was received with tremendous ap- plause. •Mr: Herran concluded, saying that Pentwylvania could not ' e expected to go for Breckinridge or Bell. It 'most either go for Douglas or Lincoln.John Foisyth of Alabama said he came not as a Southerner, but as an American, and believed he spoke the voice of 'he South when be a»ked why the-e should be enmity betwten himself and his hehrert—betwean tiie iS'oiih and the Souih? Whv plunge this happy country in war? Whither is thltf.agitat.ion tending without a re as* n ? "We have nothing to quarrel about. lie citrne to show that the South is not against Mr. Douglas on "Popular Sovereignty." JNor is, Mr. Bre<;k'nrid^e her idol. The people" of ihe Sounn lud not been heard, only the politicians. Yancey does not represent Alab»mt. The'people there don t trust him,.bit consider him a natural-born conepirator, who wouid »et>el against Heaven. He strenuously opposed "any comprou'i-e with the Bieckiuriogee [aoplansej "sucb as is proposed by them,' other than admitting themagainst, a tree, but paid little attention to him, and Saturday night ba*t we left the distillery together at tbe ball bad entered the head just behind the eaf, andTo the XmodnXed Pw«s..The Indian treaties rcceot.lv ratified by the Senatewere those with tbe Sac* aid Foxeefat* the Mississippi, the Kansas or. K iw Indians, and the Delaware Iadiam*, all residing in Kansas. Tne t'eatits with the two first lamedHrioes piovide for the a l<iment of lands to the members of the respective tribes in severalty, and the sale of the surplus lands aner the allotments have.beta made, the proceeds of such sale to be applied for the bent tit of the said Indian*.The new self-sealing stamped envelope, which wa<* •placed or. }*ale during the las-t year by way of experi- ment, has been permanently adop'ed by the P^st-'Office Department. It will bereufter. be supplied to Postmasters on request, and will be sold at the follow- in^ rates: For a single park »g»v the same-price as the old; where more than one package is taken, an ad- vance of two cents per hundreo euvelbpes upon the rates of the old. The s*cond edition will be a decided improvement upon the'first, and will be the most sub- stantial as well as one of the most beautiful letter en- velope- in the market.F r o m C a h f e r i n a a n d O r e s o n . SriafCPiKLn, Mo , Friday, June 2S>, 1860.The Overland Mail CoacD, with San Francisco papers cf the 8tb. and dates by telegraph to Vi/.alia ofthe ikh inst-, passed here at 4 o'clock this morning. Nothing definite has l>een done about repairing the Pony-Express route. At oue time, a parry of 35arm«d men were reported by telegraph, as all ready to start from. Caison Valley fi»r this purpose.' Badex ,W. VV. Finney, the Express Agent and Superintendent, and an rxpedition sremed to hav* been seriously coptem- pla'ed. At present, it is unsettled whether the agent intends to do am t'dng beibre receiving advices fromlii;*»*»;'.!. Majors cc Co.Since the skirmish with * the Indians on the 2d of June, n»-ar Pyramid Lake, in which twenty of them were killed, the volunteers, under Col Hayes, have been nnabie to bring on any more fighting.Last night Gen. Clark received a dispatch from Cjspt. Stewart, commanding the regnlar force* in Carbon Val- ley s*t-*t:ng that t^e hostile Indians had probably all fkd beyond reach of our troops.Tbe contributions '.rota the people of San Francisco . for supj'Sits for Col Hayes s volunteers exceed $4,000. A lull lirt of persons killed by the Indians' in the • Cajson V ;liey region, rir-ce they became hottti e, hasbeen pabiis*ed. amounting to over eighty men.The Pony Expre.-s. which loft on.the rixh ult., pro- -ceedtd t?ov> Carson Valley about 80 miles toward Salt I . a i e , and then returned on account of the destructionofstation?.Judge Terry, who is urder indictment for killing»Vna or BroOerrek m a duel, bae applied for a change ot venae, on the ground that ne cannot obtain a fair trial in San Francis*o.Judge H. P . Haua, late United Suites Senator underExecutive appointment died at Marysvillfc on the 6thinat., of congeotive civile, tbe etf-cc ofdi«ease contracted on the steamer wbile returning from Washing ?une m honor of the nomination of Brickieridge andton. ^ne Many of"the most influential Democrats of the lseepcr of a> boarding house in tbia city. Lately theW\SHIN«.TOS, July 1, 1S60.to the stool of r«-pentffn<e Compromise is not for trait- Several policemen who had joined the crowd, one ofors. It.would demoralize the party.Mr. Pur:-on3, of Aiabiona, followed, and made aneloquent speecKThere was speaking from three stands', tmd the ora-tors if eluded A. C. Dodge, of Iowa ;G. W.Jones, of Tennessee; Mr. Kenangh, of Min-neso'a, and othersThe friends of Mr. Douglas, ><re highly delighted withtbe meeting, which was attended with asmum strength and enthnsmsm as ever.exhibited at any political meet- ing in this* city. v. after the adjournment the immense concourse pro- ceeded to thehotel to serenade Mr. Douglas." " BHII.ABEi.ptn-A, July 1, 18f.O. After the ratificatkn meeting isst night," the .aswem- bbtge proceeded to the Cirard House and serenaded Mr. Douglas; Mr. Douglas said he could-.net.refrain from making his a'ppearahce to exprees his p*rofound gratitude for the compliment. He had no polMiial speeches to make during 'the pending c-uavass. It now remains for the people to decide on the great iseues. Pennsylvania bebeves that Congrrys can be better em- p'oyedin developing the great material/resources of the conntry than wasting its time in forcing Shivery orAmi-Slavery'upon a people.Mr. Dougias left this evening for New-Y ork.wh* m was sufficiently near to catch Mr. Matthews as befell, endeavored to continue the chase, but were entirely thrown 08*the track, as none could tell the direction taken by tbe man who tired the shots. Some of tbe persons-present lifted Mr. Matthews and carried him to the drug store at the corner of Sixteenth street and Third avenue, but he died in their arms before reaching there. Others still endeavored to follow the•perpetrator of tbis double murder, but without avaiLMeantime Mr. Walton bad been conveyed to thecontinued inpursuitof thethe man's back was toward us, and I could hot recog- nize him; when we got about five feet past the tree, I heard the report of a pistol close to uk; I was stunned fir an instant, but, instantly recovering, I saw Mr. Walton fall; as he struck the ground he |uttered a groan; 1 then saw a man dressed in light clothes run- ning across Eighteenth street: he continued directly-beautiful. Sbe is now eometbrxg over 40, we should judge, and still retains a pleasing appearance.Uc5iicei»alie Ke.ioieingrs. OSWEGO, Saturday, June 30, 1S60.HISTORY OK THE CASK.Sr-pr^nae Court bave b« en engaged in trying a suit for•«epatfition from bed and board brought by John Wal-Mr. Walton made a will, between two and three afraid of ihe young Jpfferds,; the pistol now shown me On board tbe ship itself on Saturday hives of bua^ months since, but neither his wife nor her boys knew, much resembles onel saw Charles Jeffords have some laborers and sailors were at work preparing tlie vesselton against his wife. The gTonnd on which thij ap-The Democracy held a large aud spiritKi meeting plication was based was cruel and inhuman treatment, Eighteenth Ward was immediately informed of thehis wif* and these two step-sons. - fV' M;'n.tnrn & Co., on Saturday, the result of which waa Charles Einier, living at the corner of Eighteenth the following notice: '*stieet and Tiird avenue, heard rhe report of a pistol 8TEAWSHIP OKK.VT KASTKRX.ahout^lll o'clock on Saturday night; a few minutes Notice is herrby sjiven that the Gn».at EautSra will b* prw- after a man came to the door of tbe drug store where i Furtd for the reception of visitors on Tuesday, the 3d of July,;last night to ratify the nomination of -Douglas.and winch rendered it unsafe for him to live with her. The tragic QCjturence, and he, with his men, started afterJohnson.TRENTON, N. J.. Saturday. June 30,1860. , One hun.'t'red and live guns were tired here this after- noonintonorofthenoniinationofBreckinridgeandthe murderer. The body of Matthews was conveyed )a?t, at which time decision was reserved. Facetious to the dead-bouse at Bellevue, where also was theBreckaridge and Lane club is beiog formed, and their friends are gon g into the campaign with the greatest vigor and earnestness. A ' n u m b e r of the mowt influ- ential men of thi? city are connected with the move- ment. '•';'..The Breckinridg*4 and Lane men fired J,05 guns this afternoon! in honor cf the nomination..ZVcws from New-Orleans. JSKW-OIU-FANS, Satnrdav, June 30, 1880.The United States war steamer Pocahontas goes toV era Cruz to-morrow,; with tne latest mail* and im-ihe person of Mr. Walton.At the time the marriage between Mr. Walton audI>r. Eugene Pugnet, Houso Surgeon of Bellevue Hos-he was lying on hit face, and was bleeding^ery freely; oi the DiTectort.. J. H."YATES, Secretary.Can'p<-.:u-hy. wan lost on the 7th in&t., on Alecra'ne^a a danghter, four months old, and' that the infant was Keef. Crew and passengers saved; cargo a total loss. ih*n residing in the conntry. She concealed frOm Mr.be amended.,.DEATH.. *,also a'scera'ned the facts of her marriage to Morrison, Cant. Russell. She also stated that she had a littleand tlat 1e was then living in Day'on, Ooib; aud far- »irl in the country, au adopted niece. The plaintiff but threatened to be revenged ou him, even if sbe ther.- that, it was exceedingly doubtful if a legal sepa- ciaraud'that the ladv had made-falHe representations swung for it; he had much trouble with her ;ind withOF CHAltLESGOODYEAR.y.d'wnand let some wom*-n into, tbe house; he then Went up .Stairs and called bis bro'her EdWin; they •botb wrnt down to the basement, where tbeylgave the women liquor, and they all remained there loir a long time. et joy irg themselves: my bro'her then drove both ihe Jelitrds from the house;" my brother told me af- tt.r, and had been deprived of both her partners by a terward tLat they had threatene'd to take his life,- andfirst point from which he took an observation was the . top of the larboard wheel-house. This, by the way, is the bebt place from which to see the entire length Of the immense deck.Tee jiraveling which is to be done to the wharf and its approaches, under t>e direction of tbe S reet Com- misrioners's Department, will be a great improvement to the neighborhood. At present, the dust, which floats in clouds wuh the slightest disturbance, covers every body and everything with uncleauness.The body of the man who fell into the water has not yet been recovered. Whether he was oue of the crew has not yet been dedoed, as many of tt»em have been ashore ever since the ship'arrived. The man who fell from the wbeelhouse has eiuce died, and tbe Coroner'sjury have rendered a verdict in accordance with tho circumstances already described. Such ace d»mts are not likely to occur if the men will refrain from stealing off to the rum shops of West street. jA good oeal las been said about the price of admis-tion, and considerable different of Ouinion, exists iaTli<=i cer" ion ( f the- island of Honduras was'unfavor- before he began to ascertain the true character of the ably loekrd U;on. won an to whom he was united. So far from her twot rd* r.The people object to tec treaty, audit .will probablywas still living, a divorce having been obtained. He iwo.of whom w^re children Of her Iirst husbaud, Jef- ferds, ond th^ third was the child of hersecond husband,lafrt 1 earing of this case took place on the -1th of JaneB ' F A ' D .H e w a s a f r a i d t o w a l k . t h e s t r e e t s a l o n e a t n i g h t , a n d never dared to venture into the presence of either his wife or her sons. Be frequently remarked to his friends that be was fully convinced that be should meet a violent death at their hands. About threeESCAPE OF THE MUKDEBEK. months ;eiuce he summoned a lawyer, and made histhen asiiow. The latter had changed tbeir policy, but the only one whose life was sought, and whose mur-the former are still steadfast. Yancey was the 1-ader der •<* as premeditated was a wealthy distiller, aud one bis store, Nos. 93 and 95 West Twenty-fiith street^ IDre. W. J. Beacb and C. WHtje made a postmortemof the firm of Lang & Walton, owners of the distilleryin Eighteenth street, just, east of the First avenue.Mr. ."Walton also owned the store No». 93 and 95 WestTwenty-fifth street, to managing the affairs of which st> eet, near First avenue; be was in the habit of goingstreet, on the north side, till we got to Third avenue; The slug with which tbe pisttd was loaded, entered attention to 1 im; we were then going to get somethingworn d to tie depth of about four inches, but con|d not- find tne ball; I saw there was little prospect of his Hy-Mr. Walton's head just behind the lefG ear, and with a scarcely audible groan, a d without a word, the io- juied.man sank to tbe pavement. The mardererit- srantly ran across Eight* enth street, and thence acrossto eat; we had got past the man some five or six feet,when I heard'U pistol-shot close to my ears, and in-stantly, saw Mr. Walton fall to the pavement; he didnot say a word, but uttered a very low groan; the left hand side of the de<'eesed, and fired the:;pistolThird avenue toward Irving place.Mr. Pascall (imme-partiallystunnedby thereport ofdiately raised an al-«m, a- d started in pursuit.. Anumber of persons joined in the chage, vociferating"Murder!" and calling for the police. Foremost inthe pujsuit was John W. Matthews, a well-knownrailroad contractor: he was followed by another per-son and Mr Pasca 1—the .main body of pursuers being toward living place; I had immediately raised ana short distance behind them. Wnen the Hying mnr- alarm, and started in pursuit of the man; several per--deier was near the corner < f Sixtesnth street and Irving sons joined in the chase, and we followed him through place, he turned about, and seeing Mr. Matthews very, Eighteenth street to Irving place; here there wereEichard Henry Pascall, cousin of Mr. Walton^ testi- upper part of tbe city.to transact some business, andnear to him, he having outstripped the others, the mur-two men ahead of me leading the pursuit; when at tl e c< rcer of Irving place, the murderer turned and Dred at the mau nearest to him, who instantly droppedfied— I live at Nos. 94 and 95 West Twenfv-fifth street; 1 worked for Mr. W alton in his distillHrf; Mr. W alton was afraid of.hia life on ac«x>uut of hisji wife's two sons; I have be* n in tbe habit of accohipaDyiug him in the evenings for the last two or three mbnths; Charles and Edward Jpfferds, his step-sons, had fre- quently threatened to take Mr. Walton's life; Mr.had just stepped from tbe Third-avenue cars on his return, when he heard tbe cry of murder, and, starting in pursuit of the murderer, met his death as above etated. *Mrs. Walton called at tbe Hospital yesterday to view the body, of ber murdered husband. She manifested great grief at IHB untimely end, weeping excessively all tbe time. Her evidence before the Coroner waa, given intelligently, and in a perfectly audible voice, Sbe is an educated woman, possessing an intellecta*lderer diew bis pistol and fired at Matthews.took effect in the unfortunate man's breast, and, simply"'"•«'"• 1i .- ^ - ^ »,;if—^^^^^^^^^^^^^•«bad"beenbought€-3preeslytoshootlumwith.Atan- longarrsjofunfavorableetatemeuteagainstthefnir mysonCbarl*ssmcethisdayweek,anddomo*,know hCoroner Jackman taviDg been summoned to hold an implicated; the acensation was that Mr. Yelverton had will, saying that he stood in fear of bis life every mo- mquest en the bodies of the murdered men, ihelfol- an illegitimate child by m*; tbis aeaivation vrsm-pnb-have been employed by Mr. W7altou as an assistant in the stoje; he was one «.f the firm of Long & Walton, dis-tillers; their'distillery is located in Eighteenthfrom the store to the distillery, every Thursday andEighteenth street I went for a doctor; the wounded th*> result of thi» wound, was the cause of death.man never spoke after I reached him; he was [soon Dr. Eugene Peugnet of the Bellevue Hospi-al madedays of the week; since the deceased separated fromhis wife he has continually expressed a fear that hislife would be talen by her or her sons; for this reason thertfy aftewurd two men called at my house-an 125 minutes past 11 o'clock, and walked up Eighteenth ["had evdently gone through the brain'; IprdHejdthewalked directly past him. They had proceeded butfive or six feet, when this unknown man darted upbehind Mr. W alton and discharged a pistol at his head** there we eaw a man leauing.agaiuBt a tree, but paid no ing, but remained with him until he was removed toI wasthe 'pistol BO cloee to my head, but instantly turned around j and saw tbe man who had been lean- ing against the tree run acrOFs Eighteenth street; he was dressed in light clothes, and had on a straw hat; l e continm d running, and crossed Third avenue, goingclose to his head; I should think the pistol exoU>ited might have been the one used, and capable of carrying a 1 all to correspond with the wound. I "John S. Ames of No. 192 Third avenne, testified to haviDg heard the pistol shot, and to having helped to carry the deceased to a drug store on the -cmrner-of Eighteenth stieet; when I lookedfout of the window, on bearing the shot, there was no one to be seen,':in the aifeet. - " ] ' ! • ' 'The shotexclaiming.-'"Tm a deadrman!" he sank uuconscions to the pavement; whea I came up to the fallen man Waltou someiimes carried a pistol on account of his'to the pavement. The pursuing party Booocame up I stopped, as did several others; meantime the mur-fear of these meni he had no arms on Saturday] night;I-met him on that night at his store, No. 240 EastEighteenth stieet, for the purpose of accompanyinghim heme; it was about 11* o'clock when we I©ft thesure; we walked on the north side of ElighteenthBtreet as far as Third avenue: when near the|corner countenance, and has, in her younger days, been quite we haw a man leaning against a tree ou Third avenue;to the dying man, and in the confusion produced by this second mardei, all'trace of the' murderer was lost.derer ciontiiued his flight, and we all lost trace of him; the murdertd man, whom I afterward ascertained to be John Matthews, was conveyed to, a drug store at tbe corner of Sixteenth stfeet and Third avenue ; he died before . reaching there;drug store at the corner of Eighteenth street and Thirdavenue. He still breathed, but was wlnuly uncm- before the Coroner: I complied, ani remained there•several other peraon» commenced running softer the man, among whom was John W . Matthews; Ijjran up Seventeenth &' reet, and when I got,near the' corner of Irving place I heard a pistol shot; I ran down Irviug place "and there saw the deceased, Matthews, lyinc onnesses will be examined on Thursday next.where every attention was paid to him, but withoutSunday morning.Although the name of-the murderer is not positivelyknown, yet the circumstances connected with Mr.W ahon's domestic relations are such as to leave littledoubt as to who were the instigators, if not the actualbut if they failed, she bad auot 'er oue growing, up; my own life las been threatened by Mrs. Walton and both her bovs, Edwin and Charles Jefferds, on account of the interest I toclc in Mr. Walton's domestic affairs; I have been in fear of my life, and dare not go outtinued to follow the man who bad shot him; .we con- all quarters to tbe foot of Hammond street to see the veyed this man to the drug store at the corner,of Third Gfieat Eastern. Steamboats fromWilliamaburgh andavenne and Sixteenth strett; I think the man who wasleaning against ihe tree was about 5 feet II inches other placea carried tbe curious at 10 cents, and 15some ' pei eonsnurderer, but I returned to where Mr. Walton hadfallm; I found that he bad been taken into the drug-6tore_at the corner of Eighteenth street; he was stillalive, hut entirely unconscious; I spoke to him severaltimes, but got no reply, he not seeming to unriert-tand across Third avenue; lalooed Mnrder and Watch,This is or>e of thoee startling occurrences which sometimes break upon our city, and which are so in- comprehensible to the public generally. That Mr. Walton's death was long premeditated there ia little doubt, apd warrants were speedily issued for the ar- rest of Charles and Edwin Jefferds, but as neither has yet been found, it is supposed tbat they have fled themc; he was afterward conveyed to Bellevue Hospital, and a young man came up, aud I tobi himbat did net live but a short time; an officer then came to me, and rt quested me to go che Eighteenth Ward Station-House, as a witness of the affair, to appearto go for a doci.or,- I then started after the man, whohad disappeared round the corner of Seventeenth Street; city. It is intimated that a number of important wit-sciius, and never gave utterance to an intelligible over night; Mr. Walton considered his wife a very badwoid. He was soon''removed to Bellevue Hospital, wt man, b* th as to morals and temper; she had re- "r,l e side «ralk. with his feet in the gu»ter;. I stoppedTHE GREATEASTERN.peatedly threatened to take his life; at one time she avail, as' the unfortunate man . died at 31 o'clock on told him that' she had two sons who 'would kill him,there with, some olhers, wbile one or two others con-On Saturday and yesterday the people crowded fromperpetrators of the deed. * -r •"•*„•« —;.•:.*••>-'• .abme after daik; I expect my turn will come next; Walton lateiymade a will, in consequence of being ship at " only 6 cents each."etw-e«-D tbe hours of nine in the morniDp wad six in, thee *en- accountsoftbistrialappearedinnearlyalltheuews- bodyofWaltonsubtequendyplaced.CoronerJack- was,andsaidaman.wasshot;I.hurriedtotjhestreet iuj.Trepriceofadroii-sioninUxedatoned-Ilareachforadult*,Lane bv the !Nati«ial Democratic Convention. A pai;ft}3 at that time, some of which'were found upon man was notified to hold inquests on the bodies, and and found a man lying on tre eidewaik at the corner; ai.d fifti' cen'a for children under twelve v»-ari;of a?*. By ordorpital, made a p<st-mditem esamiiia'ion of the body of the "Widow Russell took place, she represented to him Mr. "Walton; Drsl W . aud J. Beach, and Dr. Christo- thiit she had previously . been twicii married, and that pher Wel'j e held a post mortem on the body of Mat- boih her former husbands were dead. Her first hus- thews. The subjoined paragraph was found ia the band was a Col. Jefferda, by whom she had two pocket of Mr Wa't< n. It was pasted on the back ofI .looked about for a policeman, and directly a number of people- hurried to the place; I saw no one running away.; 1 assisted to carry the body into the store.New-Yortc, July 2,1860.Tho carnage done to the wheel next the pier pre- viously noticed is not so serious as was at first re-my brother's life; Edwit Jeffords Das also threatened the stream, but will remain at ber dock. Two-seven children, both of whom aie nowalire, the eldest being one of his bill-heads, and indorsed in his handwriting, him; in consequence my brother occasionally went tun anchors are to be let down, one from her starboard22,years of age, and the youngest 19. Her next al.i- asfcllowB: artund, and hleo got Paecall to accompany him whenbow, and tbe other from her starboard quarter. Iu this way she will be rendered perfectly secure. A floating platform will be erected, between the wharf and the ship, over which the visitors will pass to the gangway and ascend to the deck. Among the visitors last Saturday was Archbishop Hughes, who seemed'ance was with Capt. Russell, by whom she had oaeFrom Tht Evenivfj E-xpress, June4, 1)160. he went out at night; on one occasion when Chtrles THE BREWEXt AND THE WIDOW—ROMANCE OF MAlt- J11ftrds lived .wbh mv brother, a pistol was found in1 u eboy, named Frank Ru?sell, now 12 years of age.SheIUKT) LIKE. one 6*John Walton aa^t. kllrii M. Walton. • the pistol belonged J? Cbarlea Jefferds; shortly aber he. This was a t'Uit somewhat out of the ordinary routine found that tbe pistol had o^-n reloaded; they both con-p o r t a n t W as-bingtou 3i<*patcnee.The: schooner Arogante, bouuu from NewrOrleahe to fuither stated that she had acopteu her sister's child, S U P R E M E COURT—SWSOIAX TERM—June 4-SUTHERLAND J. charges from the pistol and returned it; he thoughtof divorce eases, beiog brought-by the husband for a pepaiation from btd and board amenaaei Ckoro, on the ground of cruel and inhuman treatment, which ren- deitd it unsafe fi r him to live with his wife. By his complaint, it appeared that the plaintiff was a wealthy distiller in Twenty-fifth street, his residence beiog in Twentv-.hhd str-'tt. • At the time of bio marriage the h»dy was a boarding-house keeper, who, according to her statement, ha<) been twice led to the bymeoial al-. Vii'tv troops Lad arriytd from Balke to maintain husbands being dead, he ascertained that one at least cruel death. She represented that she bad three-sons, bad been looking for hmi for that, j purpose;The atearner Philadelphia, from Havana, L* coming cp.Jfews fromKwatau. yi.v.-()ni.tAr» Saturday, June 30, 18b0.1 he schooner Join A. Taylor has arrived here with Ena;an.dates t" the ^Oth ineV.Walton the fact that she had an intermediate husband between Mr. Jeffeads and Mr. Russell. Tnis second hnsbard was iamed Morrison; she had no children by him.Mr. Walton had not been married a great whiletinned to live with my brother ti\?.*bQtit February last,wben they had a difficulty; one night after ^deceasedand his w'iie bad gone to bed Charlt's Jeffords went complished a feat when he had reached the deck. Thoin April keeping,to him: that instead of being .married twice she had her sons; inconsequence he was much depressed in ration had ever been had by them. H e alao ascertained been married three times, and that, according to his be- spirite, and was afraid of being murdered tw them;C'r nrles Gbodyeay, the inveutcr of Tne art of-vulcan- to his satisfaction that instead of the child four month* lief, No. 2, naoied Morrison, was yet liviug, iu the last nigbt two policemen came to my house, Jjind toldizing India-rubber, oied' in this city, at thr Fifth-Ave- old being the daughter of her enter, it was her own Stute otOh'o. The niece was no niece, buther own me that my brtith*>r bad been shot, and was tfien lyii'g cliild, the offspring of a man named Yelvertou; The at the Eighteenth Ward Station-House;' 1 immediatelyan ieerensed demand for «on>o descriptions of goodc<. nue Hotel on the If-r inst.; after an illuees of four illegitimate offsprieg, the resnlt of a crimual connec- plaintiff then alleged.that .the defendant was ajady of .went there, but f« uuothat he nad been removed to the Provh>ions« are unchanged bui oruier. Coftye is un- weeks. Mr.' Goodyear was born !& New-Haven, Dec. tion with a man named Yelve ton. ......... .i-rrvi g psetions. and had'"-j'epeatedly threatened nim; Hospital; I went to tee him, and found him totally un-charged. Con! is inactive. In ricei there is an improve- 29, 1800. The di^eat e which terminated his life had 'its' In ado it ion 10 all these grievances, his wife and her that ibe insulted his friends: that her son, with her conscious, in which condition be remained till 8jj|, when ment. Raw iiigar:j are heavi ; refined is a li>th more origin in the severe and long-continued privations and two sons, Charles and Edwin-Jeffords, all of whom consent, brought improper company to his house, and death ensued; -tbe cause of the difficulty between mv active at last quotations. There has been a slight im- that the. iody herself kept improper company, and bother, and his wife was an illegitimate child which, provement in general ba.?li>es-j. but the de-maml for an.viei<»-:» which t e suffered, mid struggles whieh he were members of hio family.* and occupying the houec went to bowses of questionable repute. she had had previous to her marriage with jhim; he:made in O'dtr to prrfect and introduce kto public u**e .No. i!58 W<st Twenty-third street, began to abuse him Tie defendant demurred to thecomplaint, that it was had recently been t.o Washington for evidence to usethe gr*at iuventton vuh:ai»iratiou, to which-his whole, most shamefully. He alleged tlat the boys brought technically defective, and that it did not comply with in the application for a separation which he hid made; life .^ince 1839, the date of the discovery, has been de- improper fr malts to the house at all hours of the day tire statute, which reqoired that the acts comp/ained of he told me that he had been successful in obuiining theg*»^>ds »>* still limited.Ushtniii? at Boston. liosioN, Sat'i'day, June .'i0, 18("i0.The lightning ki*t night g;zuck thehouoc of JonathanB. Giotknocgh. in B-igfaton ktliiog Mr. G. and his biii'y-to an in ierini'e »nd ii exhaustible oumnerof UPCS, moj-t degraded class of people. It also appeared thatvoted. The impoTiance of thie discovery, its appl ca- ano nigtt. aid that Mrs. Walton associated with a should be definitely s<ated, circumstances, See,, with evidence be desired. |••'she had p<evtous to her marriage with.him, kept wiat gale was terrific, upro-ting lar^e trees, demolishing bilirv, werecar/y perceived by Mr. Gocdyear, aad the purported to be a cigar store, in a 1vw neighborhood ofD. D. Field lor plaintiff; A. Oakey ILdl for defend- Tbiriy-hixth street; h->ve been book keeper for Mr. Wal- ant... . . , .' ton for ten months past: he told me the oarticulaiv ofOtherpnpers, of which the following are copies, were the last difficulty which be had with Charles and Ed- win Jefleids; i was in regard to the wo nen being letotlers clink that Ibty cen*s would be reasonable j,while a quarter of a dollar i» const dered a popular feelfOne thiig is certain, the stay of the big ship here islimited, and the managers above all tbings desire to nake money for the stockholders as soon as pessitde* They cannot do this by charging a dollar a head forvisitors. Theie are a few twho would be willing, in brdei to avoid a crowd, to pay a dollar to seethe Great Eastern. Perhaps there are ten thousand such; but tie great masses—tbe farmers and mechanics/ who take their wives, sisters, and sweetheart*—tbe peoplewho would coneirer such a visit an event in their lives—tiepeoplethatthrongmnseums,menageries, and other shows, and support all the popular enter- tainments, cannot afu rd to pay more than twenty- , five cents a head. For the exclasives, set apart one day in the week, aid call it the dohar day. The Oabjr v.ay to make the Great Eastern a paying show is, to popularize it. Arrange with the rail toad and steam-son, and seriout'ly injuring Mrs. G. The force o( the hscbaractci of progressive development aod perfecti-chi'mne^ f, awoings, und coit.g other damage. Manysailing botts m the tarbor were up^et, and th^re arereport* that w?vera! live«< are le^t, Out lho«j reports areTiot confirmed, though there were many narrow es- moment of his life protecuted the derelopment of bin capee. . 'the city, hot. w hat was alleged to have been a house of an'improper character.. Mr Walton at, length, after months of forbearance, Tesolved np«n a separation.. He accordingly rented aThe plaintiff stits for a divorce, on tho ground of ill- his peraevereuce was the liberality with which Mr. boy Frank Russell. She lived there but a short tithe, treatment, which, he alleges, renders it uns;tfu for himworld is perhaps a-j much indebted to the untiring per- ecverai re with which Mr. Goodyear ban 10 the lastalso found ou the body of Mr. Walton:SUPRKAIE COUKT—SIOCCIAI/ TBUM—J0MB 4.—Before Jusitict SlTTIIKltL.\Nn.MORE- DOMESTIC niKKlCin.TIES., John Walton agt Ellen M. Walton."into the house at night; h-»to'd his wife that .she must tell her boys to leave rhe bouse, as he woujld< not per- mit such conduct in his house; she refused to do so and sin< e iheii they have lived very unhappily |og^ther; lately he hys made application for a divorce; me has of- ten told me that Mrs. Waitou was a very ijespersite weman, and that he thought shewould get tjharles to nurd*i him: ho said he thong t himself forluna'e in not being poisoned before he left the house tbjey occu- pied; l.e also told me on different occasions ibjat he ei- p'cted io be nurderec, and. if he was, tb*4.1 kue v wbeietoseekhismurderejs;Iknewhereferredto Mis. Walton and her son Charles; about thr^j montlis aj^o, he got me to draw up has will,, in anticipljUoh of ahir. GoodeDongh only was killed in Brighton; hid invention, as'to the foresight aud sagacity witk whichfamily remained lasecaaitde for Borne time, but will re- he ami.eij oud and made it.- No less remarkable than bonj.e in.Twenty^.bird s«reet for Mrs. Wtdton and hercover.Mr. AbnerBaker, 1^ yean* old, w;ts killed by light:ningin Dedbam.So far as known, onlv one life was. lost in'the har-bor. 'TheGrandJuryof MiddlesexCounty havere-turned btHfl of indictment agaim-t Sila»« Carleton andto live with .his wife.It appears that the plaintiff is a distiller in this city, and possessing considerable property. The lady, before Seventh avenues, Mr. W alton paying her board bills. ,her marriage with him, kept a bottrding-house, • aud was, as she represented, twice widowed. She also statedthatsheliadthreesons,twoofwhom were children of her first husband (Mr. Jeffreys) and theGoodyear 8fK-nt and applied the whole proceeda of his inventions and patentsto the ]>erfecting of the rnvmy •fot.ms and applications of the new material, vulcanizediudia-rubber,whichhidinventivetalentcalled.intoexist-ence. UK. felt the hnrceu of honorable obligation whichhow«ve», prelet t IDg to board in 'the family of Dr.t^tree other United State** Deputy Marnhalei for at his •patents imi* Bed upon Mm, and, with complete dis- sinat-hmg up the furniture. For this she was arrested. other by the second husband (Mr. liussell);, that she tempting to arrest F. B. Sanborn on the requisition of had an adopted niece, who was then in the country. the 'Brown" ruid Senate Committee. 2\o time is as- interestedness, kt-pt hiniHclf poor that: he might enrich She then detired to he' immediately conducted, by the Tne husband alleges false representations on •'the portSiade, in Twenty -eeeot d street^ bet.ween Sixth andShortlyafterleavingthshonseinTwenty-thirdstreet,she fetuined one evttiitg on some pretext, and beganvioleutehd.- •; JIhomas "V\'illiams hired the house No. 2>S Wes' *igned for their trial. the world at the' earliest moment with the greute* officer, to tie City Hotel, where she. could have an in- of the l-»dy, and that instead of having had two hus- TweMy-third- street from Mr. Walton; Mra. Waltonpossible number and vaiicty of completed practical ap- terview with Mr I>anc V. Fowler, he being an old bancssho badJaad thrte before himself, that the second and her son, Frank'! Russell, remained theijje 80ve,.-a OTlie Hon. J. R. Barrett at £t. Louin. plications of''the.material toman's use*. It is uunecou- friend of hers, and a frequent visitor before her last but-hand was still living in Ohio, and that the adopted days after 1 moved in; she was co«>tiuually using vio-'St. Loots, Friday, Juoe 29,1860. niece"was a child oi he, own, by anotherparty outside Tbe TJon. J. B. Barrett was enthu>ut6ticaiiy received t»ary to speak of the importance of Mr. Goodyear's n fttringe. During the intimacy existing between her the numerous matrimonial bonds that had surroundedby the Democracy at th« ferty-htudiug thi* evening. A invoLtiots. A worthless product of tropical vegetation and Mr. Fowler; at one rime one of her sons, CharlesheT. The plaintiff a so alleges a seriow of Amuzouian manifestations on the part of Mrs. Walton, such as threatening himaelf and inr*ulting his frieude, and keep- ing Fuch company as he did not wiah her to cultivate.large crowd was in attendant*^ and a salute of ninety-two gnus wn.)« fired hj honor of the vote in CongrffH, "in favor of lu« retaining :he s«at cJuimed by Mr. Blair.From Havana.*, MsWr&kiacJMS, Saturday, June '.W)} I860.received through tt em inestimable value^ and became Jbafierds, held a clerkship in thePost-Offiee. Mr. Wal-of iDdispeorable utihty. They are introduced through- ton now commenced legal proceedings for a se[Mi--niss-on, she hired three young men to break into the time, their fares to include a ticket of admission to the .bouse ana admit her and three other women]; I went Great Eastern. In that way not only would our owndown stairs to see her, and nhe met me with a large people be attracted, but the cotton and woolen mills, < arv jiiff-knife in her hand; she made no threats at thatwaits of millions in the United States, Great Britain, T i e stearnsfup Philadeiphm has arrived here, with France and Germany, Some of the most importantwas wealiby, tmd in the event of his ap- plication proving eucceBefnl, they would lose all claim to'his wealth. They accordingly thought toSUniEME COUttT. niVORCK.CA.SE. .'"John Wakoa ugt, EU«m M. Walton.Tl::s W;VH au action for divorce, on the ground of cruel :md inhuman treatm* nt. Only divorce from " bed aid board" wusaskt-o. Tbe plaintiff was a brewer, aid the defendant, at (he time of their marriage,, was a boarding.b.otuc keeper. The coniplaintmt set foxtk atime; I had her arrested at that time; she (taMced very haid about her husband; after she removedfifrom the lu use 1 found a large quantity of chlorqfo|min her,and tVe great manu&ctories of New England, the farms of New York and New Jersey; and the ndnee of Pennsylvania, would send huadreda of thoasaada'Havana date* of the tinth inst. n?<z» and applications of vulcanized India-rubbor wereout the civilized world, aud the iudutjtries founded upon ratjon. This was particularly distasteful to' Mrs. Ihc defendant demurred to the complaint, and afterthem give occupation, to thousands, :and supply the Walton and her two t-ons, as her husband argument the Court reserved its decibion. •.^ Sugar was firm at 8J//83 rfr.iin. The ^ock w«s. perfected by Mr. Goodyear only very recently. He intimidate him. oring all kinds of personal abuse,room; at one time 1 saw a pihtol, similar ftoj| tho "one of riglt-seers to New York, to the great profit not only row sbdwn me,lying ori her bureau.Mrti. Walton, wile of deceased, aworu---i1j'reaideat of the Great Eastern people, but of the business men. of Ko. 110 Wett Twenty-seuoad street; I.havouotbeoa New-York generally.«M#,UK> bo>«». The expt-r s lor the week were 15,000and frequently threatening his life. j6n one occasion, one of the boys showed him a pistol which he saidThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069bojree. Freight* were active. •T i e health of iiavana was excellent, r"has thus, been.'taken away in the inidat o£ hifl U8>fctl labors. •-,•-.Untitled Documentbad, and gave them in charge of the keeper of the drug stoie; these articles were subsequently givenxo the police; the man who fired the shot evidently stood atwith tbe battered slugs extracted from the bodies.Mr. Walton was a man from 40 to 45 years of age, energetic in appearance, and stoutly built. He has many relatives in the city, and was highly esteemed by all acquaintances. Mr. Matthews was a railroad contractor, about 34 years of age; was born at Dobbs'a Ferry on tbe Hudson, but lived with bis mother at No. .11 Union place. He bad been absent all day on a pleasure excursion with his sisters to the Fisbiog Banks. On returning at night he had*gone to thehigh, and I think wa6 the, same one who ran away after Mr. Walton had been shot; Mr. Walton once haBl Charles Jeff bids bound over to keep .the peacel in con- sequence of his having drawn a-pistol upon him: Mr.cents, each around the mammoth ship and back again. Legions of small boats paddle about the ne'ghborhood, and their owners effer to take persons around the great*••-cciTtparty and friends, and that she frequented bouses know nothing about;.tbe chloroform wfcfch w»« fom:*Jotquig on« blerepue The defense put in a demorrer, in my room after I bad left; I never heard mv son ..setting'j'oitb that the complaint was technically^ defec- thrr sten to take tbe life of Mr. Walton; I tWr-k thattive. Decision reserved. ,, |Mr. Yelverton bad an animosity .sgujust'Kr. W a'ton; tbey Werenot good friends; Mr. Walton bad made an arcusaiibn aoair.st me, in xvhieh Mr. Yelvertotr w«aCpUOKER'3 INQUEST.-. { f!tl e left ear, and lodged at tbe base of tbe brain, vrher Dr. Samuel E. Percey of No. 170 East Eigntfeenth it wss found. The injuries thus received were thWilliamT.Walton, ofNo. 258WTestTwentv-sevenths^rtet tes itied, I am a brother of the deceased; 1 know piesenud. Tbe expense to repair will not exceed atthat. Charles Jeffords has frequently threatened to takemost $o00 or $600. The ship is not to be hauled intobnreau drawers; my brother drew thelast my . brother- brokeup house- after • l«ft,and l i s ' wife soon 1some .degree of certainty: Decision reserved. James Wairen deuosed: I resile at No. 2t?2 .West. reference to it. Many thiuk that a dollar is too highjh nt.language in regard to Mr. W"altou,aa4 said she.would have eatibfaciion from the black-ueart|d villainif it cost her her life; she left the house oh,tjhe 8th of cheap rate, so that country folks can eome to New- May, and I resolved not to let her into, the houseagain; on the llth.Bbe returned, and being re|fused ad- "York, and see the big city and tbe big ship at the samevery feeble, but appeared to be satisfied that he had ac-bout managers to get up mammoth excursions, at a••<• www.fultonhistory.com^i -h*. 