 sNEW YORK HERALD.MVWMWMI*AMDNEW YORKthe Americana did not abase their power, bat brought their quarrel to a peaceful settle meat by diplomatic means, and the American Commissioner thus gained the blessings of all the peoples of the Plata. The article concludes by calling on the nations of the Plato to take warning, a* they could not knew when their turn might come.HERALD, SATURDAY,JANUARY 28, IMO^-TRIPLBS H M t .TRIPLE SHEET. (few York,Satmrnajr,Jannary as,1860.=The S»wi.The newt from Washiagton this morning is on-The bogus representatives of the democracy,usually interesting. The prolonged and wearisome,bat important, question of the Speakership of the at higher rates. In coffee sales were light, and pricesThe utter depravity and rottenness of therowdy, shoulderhitting, pothouse brawlerswho compose the different democratic cliques in knavery. They are consistent and true toHouse, came nearer a conclusion than it has since more steady. Sugars were unchanged, with sales or about.SC0 to 400 bads. Cuba muscovado and 76'hhds. the opening of the session of Congress. At New Orleans, on terms given in another place. Freights the usual hour, according to previous un- wen steady, with moderate engagements. Included inof this city have never been more vividly mani- fested than in the attitude they preserve at the present moment in face of the solemn and mo-one principle, from which they never swerved,which they inflexibly adhere to, and which maybe called the open sesame of their hearts, lives*affiliations and practice. That is, they are al- to controvert the slanders of the opposition.derstanding, the House commenced to ballot Mr.WilliamN.H.Smith,of NorthCarolina,anoldlineClay whig, who has hefetofore acted with theSouthernopposition,butwhohasneverbelongedto Orertradlng In Dry Goods and Politics—the American know nothing Order, was formally put in nsminatioD, and received the votes of six Penn- sylvania and New Jersey members, who have here-Tfce Signs of Use Times Pointing to Am- o t h t r R e v u l a f o n .already begun, and extensive military prepa- rations are being made throughout the South- ern States to defend their .intended secession, and repel their real or supposed Northern in- vaders, for whom they are preparing "hospita- ble graves." Their attitude is that of defiance, and preparation to mingle in the irrepressible conflict, just as much as was the attitude of the Sardinians two months before the late war with Austria, or as was the attitude of our ancestors a short time before the battles of Lexington, Concord and Bunker Hill. The tyrant mother country, by a series of acts of oppression, andray of patriotism or scintillation of honest na- tional sentiment could more easily be galva- nized out of earthworms than from the hearts of the mercenary jugglers and wirepulling spoils- men of the rival Tammany and Mozart demo- cratic factions. At a time when rightminded citizens are contemplating with a species of awe the progress of a storm which may yet rend the very basis of our national prosperity, these ruffian beggars continue to snarl, bark and fight over the smallest bones of plunder, with no other concern or care for the future beyond perpetuating the atrocious tyranny with which they have hitherto monopolized power, place and patronage, to the exclusion of every decent member of society. None ofthe corruptionists whom the national masses have to drown as the deluge of retribution rises. If money is wanted to elect, in November, athe Central States have of getting at the real facts in the case, the state of parties and the opinionsof the statesmen ef the day, to throughAfter a year of the most excessive import a tion of dry goods which has ever been wit- nessed in this country, and in the face of a bit- party. It was apparent that he was elected; bat ter sectional conflict that threatens to rend , just ss the discovery was made,fiveof the six repub- half of the commercial ties of the Union, thenational President, it will be given. What the medium of this journal, in which we givetofore voted with the republicans, the entire demo- cratic vote, except thrse, and thevotes of his ownwere a milion of dollars to the merchants of New York to secure the safety of the Union? If brains are needed, they are to be found. The key note struck by Charles O'Conor will never cease to vibrate. But there must be new men, new measures, new appliances, and the rotten machinery of present organizations must be replaced by upright, industrious individuals, through whose instrumentality and energy the great ends maybe secured upon which the very existence of the United States depends.all sides a fair, full and impartial hearing. Carrying out this programme, we have great satisfaction in laying before our readers the very vigorous and able speech of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Clingman), delivered in the Senate a few days ago. Extracts from and abstracts of this remarkable speech hareappeared in various Northern journals, and Mr* Clingman's position has not been fairly repre- sented. The first portion of the Senator's speech is a defence of his party against thethe rote, and when it was declared, adjourned till excessive importations last summer produced Monday. During the proceedings the most intense sacrifices of all kinds to the importers, and anstreets of Boston, kindled a revolutionary flamewhich the blood of a seven years' war was notsufficient to quench. The North, by a seriesof them are to be looked to for any assistance The White Slaves of Free Labor—A Hint charge of having commenced the negro agita-anxiety to learn the result was manifested, both on the floor of the House and among the specta- tors in the gallery. It ia believed that there is a probability that the House may organize on Mon- day.export of seventy millions of dollars in specie to meet their foreign engagements. Y et they are beginning to ran the same wild coarse this year,'the entries for the past week having amounted to $4,308,000, against $2,982,000 in tile same week last year, and $721,000 in theacts of aggression and wrong, and lastly by the invasion of Harper's Ferry, has wrought up the South to the same revolutionary pitch; and if the political affairs of the country go on much longer as they are now doing, the consumma- tion of the revolution will be as complete as when the Declaration of Independence was is- sued by the thirteen colonies of old.whatever in averting the calamities with which to the Albany Regency.the Union is threatened. At a time when the efforts of fanaticism are The period has long since passed away for pertinaciously directed to the creation of a conflict between the social systems of thetion at the North. The Senator next proceeds tb reply to the arguments of Mr. Seward and his disciples on the slavery question, pure and simple, taking high Southern ground. He nextThe proceedings of the Legislature yesterdaywill be resd wtth interest, especially by the citizensof the metropolis. In the Senate, the bill amend- corresponding week in 1858—the total importa- ing the city railroad act was debated in Committee tions since the first of January amounting todoubting that the preservation of the republic,of the Whole by Messrs. Ramsey, Sessions, Grant, $11,770,000, against $10,576,000 daring theNorth of the atrocious disunion doctrines ofWilliam H. Seward and his followers. The where the laborer is supposed to be free, suchthe South the disunion spirit to rapidly in- creasing; that in those sections in which he is best acquainted there are now a hun- dred disunionists where there was one ten years ago, and that in the event of the election of a President on purely sectional grounds, the South would secede from the Union. He states, however, that to avoidSpinola and Mannierre. A sketch of the debate isgiven in our special despatch. A message was re-ceived from the Governor recommending sn invita-same period in last year. This is a forced trade; and If it is continued, as it no doubt willmost prudent and intelligent statesmen in all parts of the land recognise that there never will have been a period upon which more of evil or of good to the country will depend than during the months preparatory and initiatory of the Presidential election. The flag of sectional discord which has been unfurled by the repub- lican party will, if triumphant, carry desolationrevelations as those made by the falling of the Femberton Mills come upon the public mind With a startling vividness.tl*Ition to the Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio Legisla- be, from the press of men in the business, ittures to visit Albany, and partake of the hospitali- will inevitably end in the natural results ofties of the State of New York. A resolution in ac- overtrading, even if no other causes combinedA kindred revelation has recently occurredcordance with the suggestion was subsequently adopted by both houses. The Legislatures of Ken- tucky and Tennessee are now on a visit to the Le- gislature of Ohio, and the legislators are having ato produce disaster.But unfortunately other causes are combin- ing at this time to produce trouble. The sec- tional political excitement which is growingin England among the stocking weavers of such a necessity the South will make any effort Leicestershire,inatrialforlibel,theparticulars consistentwithhonor. As itto,theyare pre-jolly time. Among the bills introduced were one out of the efforts of a combined set of dema-,c of which we republish in another column. In paring for the worst. At the close of his speech t the facts there developed it is shown that men Mr. Clingman says very truly, that after all, the rto amend the act enforcing responsibility of stock-holders, and one to istablish a Supreme Courtlibrary in Buflalo. Bills were passed toexempt firemen from taxation, and to makeappropriations to pay the $2,500,000 loan andInterest. In the Assembly bills were re-ported to prevent stockholders voting by proxy,to enable aliens to hold and convey real estate, toprotect the property of married women, and to aidthe Lake Ontario and Hudson River Railroad. Theproject of compelling husbands and wives to testifyagainst each other was reported against. Bills werepassed for the relief of Luther Wright, relative tolands purchased by Daniel Lord, to Sing Singprison, to claims to real property, and to the Min-strel Fund Association. It was agreed to hold even- and unsubstantiated statement. Merchants,ing sessions Tuesdays and Thursdays. The As- careful of their business standing and credit,sembly adjenrned till Monday evening at seven deny that it is so; and yet they manifest theo'clock. greatest desire to keep their names off from the The case of Henry Williams, charged with de- -black lists'* which are now being circu- frauding the Post Office, was continued yesterday lated in the South. The very existence ofto defraud and wrong the South. Northern by John Brown practice, and with Helper's the society that vaunts its free labor \ The re- FnEB POPl LATION OP THE SOUTHERN STAT&i. — men have been ever since running off the pamphlet for its paraphrase, would be cram- velations at Lawrence and in London prove thai The census of 1850 presents a curious factbefore Commissioner Betts. After argument on both aides the Commissioner decided to send the case to the Grand Jury, and placed the amount of bail at $5,000.these lists proves the fact. Never before the present moment have speculators found an opportunity to make money out of such a thing. Never before now have Southern branches of Northern business houses found it necessary to publish cards in the Southern pa- pers to deny the assertions of their rivals inlegislation to necessary to protect the laborer and passing laws to nullify the constitution and there no "higher power" in the city* and State from his fellow freeman, and from evils that,with regard to the population of the fifteen slaveholding States of the South, which it might be well for the abolition agitators to take a note of. According to that return thereThe Karnak arrived at this port yesterday even-ing, with dates from Havana to the 19th, and fromNasaan,N.P.,totneMdinst, She brought£Mrfreight and three general offlcern from Hayti.Large contracts for the Importation of coolies hadbeen made at Havana, Sugars rated firm. Freightslightly improved. Exchange on New York wasat ftxm two and three-fourths to tour per cent pre-mium. Havana was healthy. The news from thePtiUir** hi nnimportent The barkentine YoungAmerican, Collins, master, from New Orleans,bo and for New York, laden with mo lasses, wss run litionised black republican party* Such an into on the night of the 5th mat by a bark (nameboly. And who can blame them for such a and idiotic to everything else than power, place Brown's revolutionary practice, have produced st*p? It will be ruinous to the North; but the and spoils—would ruin i t a reaction upon the public mind everywhere,unknown) off Gun Cay, and had carried away her head of foremast, bowsprit and sails and rigging attached; also her topmast, cntwater, cathead, and started head rail and water-ways. Her boat was lost and her anchor stock broken. The vessel leaks in heavy weather. The captain took assist- ance or wreckers to aid in bringing the vessel into Nassau. The salvage was settled for $5,000.Our Panama correspondence, published to-day, contains some additional items of interest from the isthmus and Central America. Ex-President Mora had prepared to make a struggle for the reaaser. tion of his rale in Costa Rica. The Central Ameri- can States were much better disposed towards our citizens. Much regret was expressed on account of the death of General Lamar.The cotton market was without changeyesterday, while the sales embraced about 1,760 bales, closing on the basis of quotations given in another column. Flour was inac tive for State and Western brands, and rather easier for some descriptions. Southernflourwas in fair demand,and prices without alteration. Wheat was dull, and sales con-finedchieflytoonelotofMilwaukeedabattl18instore, and a small parcel of choice Kentucky at $1 00, with some Chicago spring on private terms. Cora was dull, with moderate sales, at prices given in another place. Pork wasfirmer;old mess sold rather more freely, andoccurrence would completely rend the existing ties between the North and the South, collapse the entire fabric of commercial credit, and in- volve mercantile houses, manufacturers, lands, real estate, railroads, and every pursuit of in- dustry and employment of capital, in general depreciation and ruin.Revolutionary state of the Union—The Reports of Oar Special Reporters.We have recently published accounts of the state of public feeling on the present crlra from our Special Reporters in the East and tile West of the Northern States. To-day we pub- lish net only further reports from these sec- tions of the country, but highly interesting cor-respondence from our Special Reporters in in the South, daguerreotyping the opinions and acts of that section of the Union. To the latter we direct the attention of all Northern men, and, in the words of the Book of Common Prayer, exhort them to "read, mark, learn and inwardly digest" They are reliable accounts, and those conservatives in the Northern and Middle States who think there is no danger may rest assured that they are sleeping in fan- cied security upon a smoking volcano, which may at any moment send forth its fiery flood to overwhelm and destroy.that the dogmas of Wm. H. Seward have suffi-ciently attained fruition to threaten the conn-try with civil war, to menace the destruction ofour commerce, to cut off the Internal and ex-ternal sources from which prosperity flows toour merchants, manufacturers, mechanics, shows that the tide has set to strongly towards farmers and capitalists—to inaugurate a long the haven ef peace, and that even in Congress periodof"fire,rapeandslaughters,"totorntile thesentimentofpatriotismtostrongerthanpar-those to Liverpool were 10,000 bushels of wheat, In bags, at 6d. _^____________A commercial and nofi-Intercourse war is mentous crisis which agitates the Union. Alicans who had voted for Mr. Smith changed theirminds, and scattered their votes, thus leaving Mr.Smith three votes short of the necessary number.There were 238 votes cast. Mr. Smith received112, Mr. Sherman 106, Mr. Corwin i, and the bal-ance was divided among half a dosen other candi-dates. The House occupied four hours in taking $69,093,765; and in 1859, $112,070,944. The lastly by shedding the blood of citizens in theimporters in this branch of trade are pushing it to a higher point than has ever been reached before. c K ,The statistics of the dry goods trade show that.we imported in 1857 $82,696,523; in 1858,gogues to seize power through the fanatical ele- ments of society, and to administer the govern- ment on an abolition platform, which aims di- rectly at the safety of the South and the high- est interests of ten millions of men there, is providing a danger to the commerce of New York from which it has no escape. Sectional- ism has prevailed in the churches, it has com- pletely divided the opposition party in the South from that in the North, it is now working its corroding influence upon the democratic or- ganization, and is beginning to attack the chan- nels of trade and prosperity. This is not a blindof the conservative national men of the North. and above board to supply the Southern States depended upon any of the democratic cliques vided future of age and misery to look to, The black republican journals are doing theThe trial of John Donnelly, for the killing ofCharles Cobane, was concluded yesterday in theCourt of Oyer and Terminer, and the jury rendereda verdict of manslaughter in the third degreeagainst the prisoner. Patrick Parrell, indicted with trade as to their political proclivities. Men tion or from the running away of the negroes. and scoundrels generally—the history of whose William Jones for the murder of an unknown TM»" may impute these accusations to the jealousiesthough differing in form, exceed In tyranny theon the Five Points, withdrew his plea of not guilty of business rivals, but there never before was and pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the third de- an occasion when the accusation of entertainingThey have thus, to say the least, been guilty of exploits is to be found in police chronicles of bad neighborhood. They have prevented by every execrable brutality—whose names are"you will ruin your mother!" were distributed:—When we compare the condition of the free . « • * *"total Bom in PeptOatitm. rreeSutaBy the arrival of the overland mail we have San Francisco advices to the <th instant, one day later thanthenewsbroughtbytheBalticviathelath-sacrifices to the traders, an increasing demand for money on their part, and a natural want of confidenceintheirabilitytomeettheirim-mulgated a declaration of perpetual war, not6,412,608306,228£ T n * L S * **-*i»d*iek. « • • * * w«H«r> of the causes which we see operating around ^ZLZrZS?' w***ttonandMacdougallwere ni, and accused of producing the effects enacting a choice. The remit WM A A I against which we raise the voice of &vorable to Mr. Wetter ^uT^JSSSL'VSi warning. Such abuse and accusations » are aft the remedy to be applied to the evil. We night hold silence; but it would avail nothing so long as the exciting causes exist, and our silence now will only ag- gravate the evil when 11 does come. Somecendiarybook has been sent forth, calculated to his servitude to a domestic one, and his home has increased to five hundred thousand. These stir up servile insurrection at the South, and a Under the vile system of misrule, terrorism to in the house of his master, with whom he to people cherish all the memories, customs and member of Congress who endorsed the treason and drunken, blasphemous infamy which char- in almost hourly contact. If he lives in the ideas of their old homes. They are probably isthecandidateofthepartyfortheSpeakership, acterizes both the faction at Tammany and country,hehashis cottage, his pigs and his in constant communicationwiththe placesof receiving every vote they have to give. To that at Mozart Hall, citizens of unstained poultry, and his garden, if he chooses to culti- their birth, and many of them continually re- crown all, they commissioned Captain John and irreproachable reputation have shrunk vate it. It to a great mistake to suppose that new old associations by personal visits to their Brown to invade the Southern States, supply- back from such association, as the very the entire hours of the slave are given to friends aad relatives at the North. They hare ing him with money, arms and ammunition, worst concentration of depravity and wicked- labor for his master. No ten hour law is need- had an opportunity of studying both sides of and when he perishes in the attempt, raising ness. They might well do so. They will al- ed to protect the laborer; and if the statistics the slavery question, and have seen the exact Mm to the dignity of a martyr and a b e r e T ^ ways continue to do so. But, constituting as of disease and payments to physicians, apothe- condition of the negro to his Southern servi-How much farther can the Northern revolu- they do, the worth, thought, probity, intelli- caries and nurses among the laboring classes tude and ia his Northern freedom, and theytionists go before they have the whole country gence and numerical strength of the communi- of the North and of the South could be obtain- know how much bettor off he is in the formern - g e n e ^ m ^ i C h ^ S S f 4 of improvement — » « • *We have received advices from South to the M of Densssher ami, Thethe Sd esatatas a cockand-a-bnUbetween the*iU take heed from our counsels, and thus thedifferent political sentiments afforded any ad- vantage to business rivals.laborer in the North with the true condition of the slave in the South, the contrast to a terrible one for the abstract theories of the abolitionists. In the North we find the workmen compelled to long hoars of labor in the day, and to betheydoty and governmenta weaker Power. It then allude* to the tag order of things there, i. * * , a n g a « - ^ f anet as being feloniens, and unworthy of a great powsrfhl N * * and thinks that while the of a peaceful notation of the difficulties England and Paraguay had netthemselves, in order to secure the final over-throw of the slave institution at the South, andvoting It down by act of Congress as a crimeagainst the law of nature and of nations. As kingdom at the North, the completely effete, wall might a member of any mercantile houseII was unfair to resort to farce«**n*nZnLriZ.publicanism, mercenary democratic free soil- ism, dead anti-Lecomptonism, the determina- tion of Seward's partisans to create for him avery to an evil, to doing as much to inflame the Northern mind against the South as the dema- g o g i c a l appeals of Seward and the fana-has affected by his candid accounts of its work- ing as he has saea it. and we have an army ef five millions in the free States, from this causerecently seat from America to Paraguay, the conduct of theru thless and revolutionary attempt Somata pos-selfish and degraded nature of ^antagonistic conservative organizations, and, worse than all,ticism of Greeley and Wendell Phillips. It to alone, who are not prepared*to sustain the views the false position that the Albany Regency of the abolition agitators.session of the administration of the general Jhave taken up, to common with Seward, that to really provoking an "irrepressible conflict" between the North and South.THE DAWN or REASON XM Cosoagss —It will will be shattered, its prosperity sacrificed, and; be seen by our report or the proceedings yes- they be in a great measure responsible for the terday in the House of Re|reeeatatives that fearful crash and ruin that are impending. It is reason is beginning to dawn upon the caaetis has put his hand and seal to the declaration the* compact. ad a constant aggression, which will the action which will result from these feelings elements to the halls ef the national councils.it is proved to be teaching in the North. * stands flrm by a candidate for the SpertmrBhto of the national House of Eepresentatires whonot be satisfied while tiere to one slave at theSouth, the southern States are taking measures going on in Congress is but the prelim* of retaliation, and preparing to secede ia ab|s motto is "The abolition of slavery and tintwbicb wffl save the State of New York, where The brutal and bloody teachings of Seward* the shameful cliques of Mozart. Tammany and with their natural and logical devolopement ia the Regency—bond, deaf, dumb, lame, palsied Helper's incendiary publication and Joanperpetuation of the Union." The contest nownary skirmishings of sT fight that to to wax hotter and hotter until November. The present eruptions of Southern feeling a n only the first indications of an excitement that may receive early and great accessions of stimulating motives. The election of a repaa- iican Speaker will add greatly to them, and overtrading now will bring bankruptcy before the summer to over. But the greatest danger of all lies in the event of a triumph of the abo-North to bringing it on terse f. From a pen- sal of our special correspondence from the East, which we publish to-day, it will be seen that "the manufacturing and mercantile inte- rests of that section are suffering so severely from the less of the Southern trade, and a gloomy prospect of greater loss, that there to a conflict between them and the abolition fana tics, whom they want to put down, but who, by long toleration, have grown almost too strong and too rampant for subjection.The best comment on the crusade of the re- publican party against negro slavery is to bo found in the condition of the white slaves of the factories ofNew England, whose miserable lot is far below that of the happy negro of the sunny South, whom they wish to reduce to the same level of peverty, excessive toil and pre- mature rdeatb. Meantime the revolution to making rapid progress at the South, and nothing can arrest it but the speedy rendition of all the rights and immunities guaranteed to the slave'States by the deed of Union. Other- wise the partnership will be dissolved by the withdrawal of the Southern members from the firm; and that will be the saddest day the Northern States have ever seen—a day of sor- row and gloom for human liberty all over theThere goes forth from Washington, every which has come home to the anti-revolutionaryday, a cry to the people of the United States elements in the House. The common dangerhas brought forward a sound national whig from the South—one of the old Henry Clay stock—and on taking the vote yesterday it was found that the conservative feeling has a decid- ed majority over the dtoorgaaisors. This factMm out of his private property or take It from him by force.1y and political heresy, the unity of the nationworld.>c,* flBJ *The Corrupt Party Cliques of Mew York and the ft rent Issues Before the Coun- try*MB. CUNOMAN ON TOE IMPENDING CRISIS.— The present political attitude of the South to not, we believe, well understood at the North. The black republican journals la- bor with all their might to misrepresent the views of the leading men at the South, and the democratic politicians are so securely aad sweetly snoozing and fattening over the federal and municipal spoils as to take no measuresin its integrity, will depend'upon the election toits chief magistracy next November of a soundnational man, and upon the repudiation by theNorth and the South, by a course of steady proceeds to state that amongst all classes atmisrepresentation of the true character of Ame- rican slavery, and a hiding of the evils inherent to the social organization o the countrieswith slaves from Africa, after they had sold of this city, or upon the miscreant Regency at can, by laboring fifteen hours a day, earn work of the democracy, by arousing this re-them all their own. This slave trade was gua- Albany, the darkest and most frightful future the pittance of one and a half or perhaps ranteed by the constitution till 1S08. No one might be anticipated. The leprous, brutal two dollars a week. Even this scanty rewardfor their labor they are compelled to expend at a favorite grocery, to obtain the little sup- plies of food which it will procure, under the virtually understood penalty of losing theirthen dreamt there was anything wrong in itSoon, from a jealous intolerance of the pros-perity of the South, arising from its slave insti-tution, a party of Northern politicians, aidedby Northern fanatics, pretended that slavery The same is the case with the free soil confi- employment. We know that it will be assertedpoliticians of Tammany and Mozart Halls are not only heedless of the welfare of the Union, but will always refuse tb contribute to it, un- less the aid they can render is bargained for.was a sin, a crime, the sum of all villany, andought to be abolished in the Southern States,in despite of the constitution, which recog-nises slaves as property, and makes provisionfor its protection and restoration to its owners other hope for the cause of nationality in horses can generally be driven through any act of the South. It should command the atten- when lost or stolen. New York than the depraved demagogues of Parliament, we would ask the humanitarian, tive perusal and careful consideration of everyThis was a plain declaration of an intention who now control its democratic organizations, what does the fact that such a law is necessary citizen. to break the solemn league and covenant, and the "irrepressible conflict" theory, illustrated for the protection of the poor laborer prove uponnegro slaves to the free States and to Canada, med down the public throat next fall. Werethe, acts of Congress which provide for restitu- than the dirty hirelings, Iscariots, bullies, row- tion of the property. They have kept up a dies, gougers, jail birds, rum hole proprietors, continual agitation, in order to render slave keepers and owners of the vilest dens of dis- property insecure, either from servile insurrec- ease and prostitution, shoulderhitters, strikers,exactions of our Southern slavery. " Hush!'' were then in the Southern States 6,412,605 fretsaid the mother to the dying girl at Lawrence, people, out of which 205,228 were born in free ' when with her last breath she would have re-vealed something in regard to another mill, States. The following table shows how these438,779 162,7*7 89,242 43 135 §24,808 771,401 272.963 492,666 SOS^SS 694,622 M0.491 283 62* 763,288 164,431 849,133Territories,butagainsttheinstitutioniathe strengthinthisState,whosevoicewillbe fortheinferiorrace. Ifhelivesinthecity, residentsborninfreeStates,andtheirchildren, *"*• A caucus of democratic members of the mense engagements. The end of these things Southern States. In aid of this design an in- heard in the coming emergency.gree, the crime for which Jones was convicted. Farrell was remanded for sentence.The following delegates have been elected from the Second Congressional district of New York to the Democratic National Convention:—Daniel Channsey and Dr. John Hazlett; alternates, Joseph WOaon and Richard H. Tucker.The post office, a block of ate stores adjoining, and • stable and forty-one horses, at Memphis, Tean., were totally destroyed by fire yesterday morning. The loss ia astisoeted at $70,000.utW»*ws bad been held at Sacramento to nomi- is panic and a general revulsion. We are »*te a candidate for the United States Senate, in abased for pointing out the logical sequenceviolence Southern men from taking their slaves into the common territory, as they had a right to do under the original compact. They nave expressed their determination to hem the slave States in, and never allow the citizens thereof to take their property into any Territory of the United States; and, further, that there shall beto be found upon the lists of Democratic Gene-ral Committees, regular and irregular ; whohave been prominent at ward, city, county,State, and, for all we know, national conven-tions, the triumph of Sewardite treason wouldbe certain, the very lowest depths of political huddled together in crowded and noxious degradation would have been sounded, andAlabama Arkansas... Delaware «orida Georgia Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Mississippi MissouriNorth Carolina4.041 h,WJ 6,991I ^ J I 4 M 31.3*014,8*132.sU4,416 M.6» 2,187 2,344 6,sil 0,982 28,708dence men at Albany, who are already prepar-that the humane law of England provides a shield for the poor laborer against what is ge- nerally known as the truck system ; but, waiv-We call the particular attention of our read-ers, of all parties, to Mr. Clingman's speech. 1 Coming from a moderate Southern man, a 1 North Carolinian conservative—not a South f, s] Carolinian or Mississippi fire-eater—it may being to sell themselves to Seward, just as theya5] 1 1//B L- ao*T arii ar B VI is 41it 491 ca lbm ai Kri»I tii tr- ot tl of S«t a e<n t< I) P 4? fi IT r & trF i« a i IbIi tl e r 1By the act of Union, these thirteen Coloniesentered into partnership with articles of agree-ment that slaves were property, and that thisproperty should be protected for its lawfulowners. In all the States but one negro slaveryhad an existence then. In process of timesome members of the firm discovered that,owing to climate, immigration from Europeand other causes, negro slavery would not pay,and they concluded that they would abolish to every hearthstone in the land. Yet it is the in hundreds—and no doubt thousands—having settlement of the whole matter to In the hands c it, while at the same time they continued openly bitter truth, that if the salvation of the country wives and children to support, and an unpro-Looking at this fraudulent violation of thehands of sons against fathers and fathers against tons, to degrade the most enlightened, free and civilized nation on the face of the earth to bar- barism—and that cry finds its echo in ears that hear, and hearts that feet The ears and the hearts are to be counted by thousands and tens of thousands. And the flat has gone forth that the endorsement of the State of New Y ork shall not be given to doctrines which would make a miserable stranded wreck of our now happy republic, and that no risk of its safety shall betisan affiliation. The House adjourned until Monday as loon as the rote for Speaker was declared, sad it was found that Mr. Smith had 112, Sherman 106, Cerwia 4, aad there were 6 scattering votes—115 being necessary tor a ehoicelOn Monday morning the members will come together again, fresh aad cool, and from e a s end of the Union to the other millions wil wait In hopes that they will elect a sound and conservative national man to the chair. Theran by leaving its interests in the hands of a vote yesterday shows that the back of absli-vagabond condottieri, generalled by venalofficeholders, bloated contractors, and such kinds can be defeated aad utterly routed, ontiontom to broken, and that sectionalism of all seedy denizens ef grogshops as control the principles which ignore the worn out and cor-movements of Tammany and Mozart halls.the national men come together and finish their in its two factions, live by place, and victory.consider the funds in the federal and city treasuries as their own, and to have been created for their benefit They call themselves "active,politicians," and are either strong in muscle or still more powerfulways for sale to the highest bidder. They are The only way that the conservative people ofbargained away the Wise letter.It is evident, then, that if there were no ing the admitted opinion that a carriage and taken as a fair exposition of the fixed sentimentThat such a state of things now exists in theSouthern States, and that the exigencies of thedry goods trade should force its members toavail themselves of it, point conclusively to thedangers which are before us. Overtrading on no more slave States in this Union. Lastly, New York would be compelled to descend to life under the relentless taskmaster, Want. South Carolinathe leader of the Northern abolition party hason the other, must produce great losses and proclaimed an "irrepressible conflict "—pro- Massachusetts. Fortunately, there is a greatTeaneaveeWith his employer there to no social contact. Jpaas Virginianor a single sympathetic tie. If disease or ageone side, and! a suspicious and limited demanda scale as low as that of Vermont, or evencorps de reserve of over three-quarters of amerely against the existence of slavery in the million In the North, overwhelming in its In the South, another social condition exists to quite probable that the number of Southernre** Gibraltar, destruction be diminished when it breaks forth. ptaaged iato blood? Do they imagine that ty, they know how at the proper time to thun- ed, we are confident that the greater ore rnta than in the latter condition. We will venture. ^a>the South will fold her arms and coolly look der into the ears of the baity politicians, in expenditure would be found on the side of the to say that if the votes of these half a mUUoi of on till she is despoiled of all she posseases? office and out of office, around them, "Thus far, slaves. people were to betoken oa the question of els-* • **"» the dry goods men and tile merchants *•*Yorktobewareoftheyear1860. Excit- _ anas wort that will beThose members of the firm called the Union and no farther.'' That time has nearly comeWe commend the subject, and particularly very, every one of them would vote against the the facts we publish to-day about the white doctrines aad practices of the abolitionists. sndnetryand our trade, and themselves can now outvote the shareholding overwhelming, like a spring tide, the minds of slaves of England, to the attention of the Admitting that each one of them has an isae>ontil the idea of Novem- members, and are every day taking into the the honorable, patriotic, Union loving masses Albany Argus and the Regency of Cassldy, eaoe, more ar toss, with ten friends at the North . ^ ^ f " * , builtupon firm new members of the same principles as in New York, that, what with aboUtionized re- Cagger &Co. Their Buflalo doctrine, that sla- whose opinion of the Southera institution bewho do not find it profitable to hold slaves now. A keen and convincing perception totenant houses at night, wearing awaycome, the relief of the pauper is his only hope.rupting organizations of the old parties. Letft'a ai•S served strength, which will come down at the 1 polls in November like Blucher's fresh troops 1 at the close of the weary, hot, and bloody day 1 on the field of Waterloo. 1 1tWalIn the ten years which have since elapsed it TM^ t TMttiemvorabie to the latter.It has no idea ofHates to oiscium tne mceaoury counaeto wbicuUntitled DocumentjaNewYork undertake to regulate the domes-What folly, then, it to for the republicans to bluster about marching the eighteen millions' of the free States upoa the 8outa, aad wtotof^their own culpable apathy, the hour has soundItsaysthattie concern* of his partner, and even to swindle • ed when, if they faU to stem tho ttto ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069talaeiwww.fultonhistory.com 