 .V-. j A t e *ma, to, tf • ara—i j .togrvo aho •iliinHiito of Abe ana.leant. tJemw ak>h MfiVlTt aVi Intel eaVanDeaawOt Ua^ ^^^MMaw wovy raw rw*nt aa ^rawaawawarw^w^nj *ingib**»tfl.sbo w e sectional war ones*.« .•:!!-.*willba Ihrown tlpon the South for the present stale of thi&fa, toe Northern people should first look to the tarrtbto provocation which they nave given. He io> •ers to the nullincation Laws, and t i e nectmlty of their repeal to efieet a settlement o f the ponding difficulties.Tbe London Uatto JVetrn' etty SBJSl—Atthoopa the eapsetothm of aa Bask of Eagland's rate of atoeeuaket the principal feature was a b t * stock of thetwowsa companies to thopip a f , awaoy continuesrotes smro demanded today, movement a t t t e Jark tomorrow, tasenata,Va4percent. The were heavy, aad batokeood arate will be rateco totbe banks bave rateadtho bills from 4 to «K a I per iThe London Kaar*' cityThe dematd for uiacount s t heavy y»atarday, the expectation The rote to-day h*a to asaaedeavi aa commercial pressors, aad tbe ttoee yesterday mutt bo regarded It is oot impossible, therefore. I vaace amy still be deemed un: failton large withdraw of gsM•jfc . ( W v «*.# •»•V If*a-..'* AkMtU M I*«** I1•>•r ftped* Pay»fits »y tke a B*n>ks.UveresotaMtaafVlaiSrmmHSLoof ninmyof > on tho oomlty of the Ualon'• vvtaj • .««»; [ I. * to »• tW« l|a^;ytJtt«*« * * •• * ts.<« I..'^JW*--** 884°-HORSING EDITION-n-®)N£SDAT, itbai bave mwcM~zr•4the tth toX ar.w»^-w«*'VteTwjtoatisja»ami" *"*iftitPre»idfi»taodlitJ< »srwt s^BFfiieFB *J, em *J»~•fa,,~^^r~~r- CliarwMtOB BtoDlLs.—Woat the Widethey Attend Lincoln's Inau^juration, Aa* aafcewUemmmwansssaSHBBWBJGHLY MPOBTANT FROM WASHINGTON.tofavorof Ii;many,however, were•to tbe vergeM a w eaaTfJO" avnvwvBewasBBaeSECESSIONMOVEMENTS LINA.I NNORTHCARO-iomtftobtmror then read t h eAcoarrionoa BBrtaa a a o r i p vntmsbeen in Canada*, which have bam market being over suppttod, have easaaa.TheLondonDaCy JTeaatsaysthe URSflSMS Bennett, BMjrabaat, of Liverpool,by any State to aSees aat reoognae, and moat restotto taw fillattsewer,ta taw rtewh«itsurjported byCass, BanVa merely a compact, which at any stsmsat b y a atofto State, watohi^Ura f r » Uie confederacy, by declaring itoOther counties have called meetings on the same sobject! A corps of Minute Men to rapidly forming, and there is b>»i one party here now.vavwtoa for roadetwf more easy aad aaore eertato theaa, aodtbattniodoinc tnwy atonldnotb eto to do byTim roilowDg statemen-, la connection with the arrival of the iteamer Augntta from tavatog,•a*enrreat lathe oi-yduringtheday,aatat Sea,the owners of the line to It withoutToo rxtamsbip Augusta, from Savannah, which arrived tbta analog, brings back to this port about twenty 8ie*ra«* i ase-ngerB who were refused a residence by the aatooritt»s--tbey are maehanica aad laborers; also, tare* aotsto paaoeotsre, who woreodvtood to toavo.4 SmkiA'HU of Ditpulti brtwetn Mvt/rt and Crewi —To » t o o t the dtapoies whioh ao often arise iathtpa of the reapaeUve ooohtries may be promptly settled ootaeaivivmofth»aoshJp8atiheporUorettb«rcoantry.5. itoksvaowa/oaanaew--To apaa ttoA tho eo«ne of abe resaaattoo oooatatot waere the sbhlpiwassbhaUll arrive ashaltllyjerwdiottooover tha seamen of the roa pective countries, wno violate a contract Into whkihtbey hate voluntary entered, and desert from their ships.0. ahtojstog Offiea —To establish shipping offloes at the leading seaports of the United States similar to thorn aew to operation to groat Britain, aad to graat to ft Hash ahlpmsatera the use of these oiiicea, provided Ureat Bri- tain grant to Amenoar- ahIpatenters the use of her of!ices,read aa folto«s:—In regard to toe seoood division of thistrade I stay say a t almost ovary piano tho parties later-eated frankly sdmittcd that the toereaao of the uoilk wasso very rapid that necessity woold compel thorn to romove an barriers, aad thatTt was neither warn ear pru- to be made from tbe Bank on dent to wait till neeasetty foroaa a change l a regard t oa*t portk-noftbemeEaafetreatlnjofla atUI under dtoeaaato*, whtoh wtB» found or the Cabinet 1The following la t i e totter of Messrs. MitchlU k Sow, denying the troth of the above paragraph:^the third, [ did aot fiad a single intelligent man amongst the many w a a whoa I conversed who did aot frooaty admit that our trade between India aad Bngtaae e s s as much a onset tag trade aa their trade botweon New York and California They all said:—" Whatever ooaateuctioo dlplsnulinaj pat apoo UM words •coaatiog trade,' equity roysthata paooago of 1 TOOmiles along toe shires of va- rious foreign countries, saw transhipping eargiovera foreign sou, is aot a ooasttog trade, sad wo oughtat oaoo to meat England, aadopsa it to her ships '• Hatremittances will cootie ue t o g o anything casually required forbe nearly aO supplied b y orrt Panama. At tne aome time ttof the period teat our exavtiog daraely higher than tbe rate onof bullion ia folly equal to tberate was only 3 per cent Therean increase, sod the matter merely ssjaty batoacod that no faults course may be adopted.AFFAIRS IR The London Times regards the Admiral with the operations otoo tte Neapolitan coast as theof the present campaign, aad s»ya fidenee m tbe attlity of tbe Bo: ate policy ts not a series of momentary Impulses, or the coo tars sad allies.L awPBTUUMCXO, VS., NOV. 90, 1MB. *>>' North Carolina Legislature organized jatlardBj.W.T. Dortch, of Wayne county, waiHouse, and a I- Oarke, of Edgecombe, Speaker, of thoTOUBI - T o, I wooal ho coadto and give BmenwtmwhomIhadlB,PTMid«nt:5»«totbavta.3conBtitattonollhaCftitodwiuat the ftotorai towa, that tba ltoa ofment for the vessels or the respective countries, s o that the extent of liability mar bo limited aad roverned by the law of toe conatry in which toe cam ia tried.2 Bulet of the Road and LigKUeU Sea —To obtain aiml lartty orMattipia thopreotleoandm thelaweof treat Brita n aad of tho United States, with reaped to aba rolessnreedby tho veaaats of there ooonUiea, to oreer to avoid o-dllsioos at seaof theroowose opposed tofjto j trade; bat thetr news, t believed,iBjsrioaa to Ssathara rights. But they entertain nomitous. unrounded statement than that which tod to tola toJury waa never made. The merchants whoso eametworementionedmthatdespatchhaveboonjustly very maoh excited. Handredo of others shared to the -xcitement, aad espoIstoB or lynching of thoTSST—THB BXOrTEMBNT INCBE VSINO, a r c .The meeting of tho Tammany Hall Qenerat bommlttee on Monday night, nod their appointing Wednesday eveningBoors, V«Jf. 7. 1S«0 To day M. Maastgnac remitted to UM Presatoat of the FederalCouncilbiscredentialsasFreetbCharged'AI- tolrw od inttrim T b e totrquis Forgot will net tBerefororeturn to his post for t he present.CHINA.A despatch from Sootaampum dated 8 t h tost, a anouncea the arrival or the steamship Uoema, with the heavy portion of the f» na and Calcutu mallsTOe London rr.ft Par,a correspondent trsaanfto thfl followingtelegraphicdernetoh:-Itianottshottattho Anglo French expedition to Chiea will advaaowla Pokm. Tbe envoys nf tpe two Power*, with their mites and pro- bably guarde of boooe, aval go to tho capital, whore the coadltiooa of tbe new preee will be etsaed. to virtue of a claure in tbe termer treaty, aa Rngtlsb and adftfooeh Minister will b e accredited t o Pekto, where t a % will reside.DiDtA. AdvicesbytbeBombayseal!woretoSept1£ Moraanimated demand la reported for osteon manefsetures. aavkets generally more caoerfnl, not all imports rated a t very tow prima, and a ormstoorabte aovplace before proQta can be realised. Ootttithat the flonnarrnttye will hatw laAaenee abaouoaa laws. sad therei o f no reasonable a rlB ha ttrjngoftheto procure a repeal ofbelitt*donbtthat, t tha ssnltmmt Afortheprimaryelectioua,havebadtheeffectofpatting•hall(butoblyoatherepresentationoftheMinisteror•iavehoMtog Stntea. Mow, anticipating mealenthepartoftotorn thtok tawifj to no ana toevitabto tone, fawy aatonJiTHB MINUTE M8N OP NORFOLK. Nonroix, NOT. 90, lStf.A large number of Minute Men of Norfolk seranaled at Ashhmd Hall tost eventagaad elected Charles Harris so tbeir chief. Speeches were made and groat enthusiasm waesvtoood.The cockade of blue and orange la being worn freely.ntratea o f the najecttve countries shall, o a t h e appli- cation of the Minister or Ootscl ot the country to which the ahip belongs, grant a warrant for tha appre- beusion of the deserter, and, on due proof of the desertion. cause the seaman or apprentice to bo aent beck to tho ship from which h e dosertad; aad to easaef refuse!, shall inflict inch punishment a s the law of the country where the offence was committed woold have inflicted upon the subject of that country for a similar offence.6 At to Shipping Ofuxt—Tnc government of Great Britain shall make provision for extending to American shtpowoera the privilege of shipping crews for thetr v e s seas to Brnun porta, oa the same condition* aa the crews of British abtpa aye now .•ngaged. provided the govern- ment of the Unltoi States estaolista aoosrwbat similar of-9nnth Carolina will saske no ttoolamtlon ofttka that which baa bean published, nor any other, anordinancewitB^drentagfromtheUnion.tional Democratic Association, to the Third Aldermanlndistrict, renom inated John T. Henry oa Monday eveningto British shipowners similar privileges; and it shall not be lawful tor engapmeato to be entered into wrto seamen of either country in the ports of the other, unless through themediumoftheseshippingunices,orbyshippingmas-metiud ol tendering thanks to Mr. Lindsay —Resolved, That the thanks of ibis committee ore doe to W.P.Linamy,E<-q,M.P,forhis exertionsin brlnrtag to tbe attention of onr government the proposed ehangosin the laws of the twncoantrles affecting important man tineinterests,sawallasforthesimpleandtaterestiag manner In which be has submitted bla views to tbe Chamber of Commerce or this city; aad that tbe thatksintra thinIMPORT ANTwhat be considered the coasting trade, bdt he added very little to what is contained in tho following paper, which be read evidently a s a connection with t h e preceding one:—tneir beat wishes for his safe return to EnglandTbe committee then adjourned, the members takingi thasel la owned b y Cashing Brothers.thnttt whichTbeI^doat\,»r«'cltyoriicteoftbe7thThe t a t lwh faaea nave hernment today. hottho tone sttoo firm. No atod waa taken from f a sFROM vTBGDnlA.kn asiran, stnw. JO, IMO,warm leave of Mi. I i.dsav as they departed.Mr. Lindsay subsequently expressed his desire to have the Niw YOBK HasaLD represent his views sa fully so possibw, as that paper bod so large a circulation in Eng- land. Be also said that on bis return be woold show the The Pros dent, while speaking o n t h e subject o f t h o falsity o f tbe stopld, malicious a n d scholastic articles ofOfsoin theeyes to10. As fe Daerttmwho have voluntarily engaged thomaervet to too ships of the respective countries, or appreaUcee who hove beentec-*onJm'etyoftawWtdeAwtamtoremeta their rtapaaUra homes on tbe occasion, than appear la itocee Old Abe take aa oath, the- Mad-amtoondarsloawla tboeejsAtoantlf toito ••bigberlaw;•»or,tftheyabooidvisit aatywaavd dewen to armel say isaotaatI *•** to woold fraalpitnto a revolution beyondtare to nanaa tow reqolrtngovary tratvMual •"•Ka^Baglaad.withaTlaa-toiaal^toiarTaapro-jearg before be is invested with tba 18 BriaHB.Of1*«'lrtB«of hungry 1 toeandinbringingon. % HanoiJersey, and New York perhaps, and most of the Central and NoTthwoatern States would join »n From his conver- • D o n I inferred that be would advocate such a policy tf the cotton States seceded.South Carolina money is esteemed good hero. Ita de- roeetattoa la owing to the Tmwenan quantity of tt pawedn upon the brokoro. AsaatatogwooBOiatoGfeuaatomoowstyonSstnrtoylsot,at whtoh reaolut'ons were adopted declaring the adoption y the b»ack republican principles by the North, as nxaul- fesled by the election of Ltoooto, ah sot of troason against the spirit of the constitution; declaring the Sooth, by rtason of tbto revolutionary course, absolved from allnhtkrettons to the federal oooititattoo, and the governChrrtino, and expreaeiBg a coovictlon that it was the duty of Virginia to unite with bar slater States of tho South, 10 wbicb end it was politic that the Governor should con- vane the Legislature at ooce.There la no troth to the rumors that Vtrgtola baa gone •ro very aaay pernona deroted slaaerely to the federal ««r Bell. The last returns received plane BreektoridgeMeisrs. MitchlU ft Son also *a*» that ons of the pas-a.-ngeis by w e Alabama, which arrived at this portashort time since, had beea reqoeetol, oa account ofsome or noxious opinion* he entertained, to leave Augus-ta,'Vettylawhichhewsaresiding. Bewaancoom-ponied to the cars b y tho Mayor of that city, and tookpaaaw- for New Ytrk aa above itatod. Further thanthis, the Messrs. Mitchill know of no case similar to tha1. A s ro (to LiabfHtj ofShip-nmrn —The Bhirn of CroatBritain sadof tow Cnltea Stetet rospectively shell boplaced apoo an ttosJ footing as to liability for lorn of lt'e America aaytbu g to fear from, or anything to loose b y ,W ASBIKTOS, NOT.' aBaPej •w^ffww^l of ttw Tato*tbcee joornaitoto who anaar at orI Jaw* token peine to cull from reliable I an they reach hare, authenticated by who have no interest in exaggerating them, and areabove the raapieloa of misrepresentation.Letters from Nantes state that ayatom of lights, or signals at see, now established ia increase, greatly save One the traffic. Then, as the ened to his own hotse by o crowdIt ie aot denied that, even to t h e eotton Stolen, theresjkaato whbto have bean a*reed upon.3 AttoOftne* Committed m the Hiuh Seas — lu t h ecaae of holnoaa oflbauia (named in the gxtradltton treaty nowtoforcebetweenteetwooountriea) ItIsagreed that power abali, oa the representation o f the Minister or Con- sul of the latmusliu countries, no given to the federal oonrtaor taoUoMOd 8MHO,aad t o t o e courts o f «reat Brtuln, to apprehend the nnowdtiis en proof being riven, such at woold justify bis committal in either country. Hot inch prisoner tan only bo delivered to the Minister or Consulofbincountry tobeseathosetortrial,byon orderoftheSecretoryofStateofthecountrywherethe prisoner waa arrested. In ail ofieneaa o f o lees heinous nature, not mtlnaed to tho Extradition treaty, the power of rnmmary jorwdwtlon shall, on t h e representation of the Minister or Ooosul representiaa the country to which the »hip bt-loots | i which the offender serves, be given nptothofederalcourtsof the UnitedStates andtothe courts ofGreat Britain.4 At to the SatfUmmt of Disputes between Afatjen <mdmere work for the shipowner and more work for the ship- builder. Bat England has mucb to do asm; she has oar tluns to remove which would be a great relief to Amerl own shipping—such as her light does, passing tolls, local chargtri/and compulsory pilotage a t places where t h e services of pilots are aot reqatieo. For all tbeee Ameri- can sbrppiag pay s to Eaglood a very large su a « nnually. Catada has also a duty t o perform. She would require t o remove all barriers on ber side of the laites, and on the shores of the St. Lawrence; abolish differential duties of every ktnd. if any still »-xi t, and, I think, make various concessions ia regard to tho high duties she now levies on American pro lace nod manufactures. Would the ship- owe or o f either country lose b y these changes? Would botrt oot rather be vast g&lnera? and what a ooon to the people o f both conutrie* a n d t o maufcind, b y the removal of tbote numerous causes whichcreate bad feeling between the people of the two moat advanced nations upon the earth. Mr. Lindsay text referred to the absence of a just law in America on the subject of smuggling goods Into thered on Gav.z/i, and the Padre was lowing day.A despatch, dated Vap'es, Mow. eelved, glvlnc tbe officially announced tn Sicily upon the question of ann lows:—''yes, 432 054. noes, 067: The London Dnitf A* iet says that atan troops, 4 OCOhorsts and thirty two sued by the Sardinians, took refuge :n thi Terracina. At Ci»terra their progrem tbe Papal and Irecoh authorities, an once disarmed.A week ago the strength of the B variously estimated at from 40 <X0 to tetter being regarded as an extreme s<Onion; h o t tbeee have nafartnaatoly bant torced to the oonTtetion tha the North aarar wUl aaase from their atgreeniona, and that an separation mast come sower or mat* for the safety and honor of the Sooth, now in asfa- •arable a tanw to oonaumssate U as they can expect He realoraffected doubtera stay nowbeanmntoo in steadily cmtomntotew b y manyaarefsi observers here from the South sa not only proba- ble, bnt sa t h e certain result o f t h e present troubles.t t e y art) wlMig, n a y , anxious, for n generalQenventton, and for oalmly toying before thaMertbcrn Legtolatarea their grievaaosa and theirof repealing t h e obnoxtoew legtotottoa fhaoa In the Superior Court. A more mtschievooa, gratin-Indentured to the owners or masters of these snips, desert In t h e ports of either enootry, the magw, oataU side of the Potomac, will go with the Washington will he the Mat of govsrnmsnt of thei Snthern confederacy. TAey leak to ration, brongbt abont b ybnalry equitable condiUone, with thaaawtlarawhiit Soathroa happily quotedremark of the Spnnlth Ambaasador to the Doe de Brogiie, •'We shall bare tha ordinance without emenfe,etenveTataf, saw mtfvttm " The cry through tha thereftra, ought forthwith to be, "Bapaal of all wetUelotheSoath."The opinion prevails that ox-8aaator Bhott w i n head the ticket from the Qiarleaton diatriat to the Convention. loobrigJamesGray,CaptainPlummer,ofNo»bury- Ibe r>ealdett's Meensge in ready, and a fair copy wrt,soils tomorrow with eotton tor Havre, and will eave the port with the Palmetto colors flying. This ves-Tba wisdom of theeourae ofaalilH toe Ltgiatotore»fre*iy admitted, even by aaaayCH»foranearlymeetingofthatbody. Thapup—of w>tilltheapprehendedcrashattheNorthoccurs. the secession feeling la rapid eeongh wtthoat giving to itthaiaipnweof an Impromptu call tor an extra amnion of the Legislator*. If the Governor yielded to thereaeeata lor an early asaembltos of that body1. Chatting Trade Proper —That Is to say between port aad port of any State, or between port and port o f con- tiguous states.by pnblie maattoga awdar sxoHeimml, tha seeea- aings out a beastiJul iiag, inacribed, "in the name of our man feeling woold have obtained aw tatoaalty whjah God wo set up our banners."would incapacitate Virginia from a cool•wcharge of tho ftoapUmis of mediator which she pr> aeitattonof aoanetoUa>t. Berry, of tfce steamship Conaasatossaojoe It is soaolMo that, in tba ooaporntively «og au-rvol between taw aad the meeting of the Legis- lature, tho excitement may abate somewhat, sod givetoo matter,IregardMm policyofGovernor Letcherla •mag able tote period toraawtmaadjodtctoas.Ososideiabio scrprtos is sxprtoaed neve atto the State booda ef Vtrgloio,. whioo theinmbto.To-morrow la the appointed day of fasting, humiliationand prayer to view of the crisis, and will be generally observed.Mr.Kelttarrivedtothecity to-night at tenc'olock. A large processIon of citizens, headed by a band, asarabod ietheOarleatonHoteltoserenadehim Mr.Kelttre-(apt. R C Wilton, or New Bedford; Dr. Willard, ofAuburn; 1". D. Morgan, J r . of Albany; P . L Fernandezand family, of Havana; Dr. W . Fisher aad Or John wlthacrowoof hard looking characters, Father, both of Plkesvllle, Toon., are stopping at the Me-tor»,Mdiwtoto take I favorahlo. afahtsatlba[ and ashing be no-toaaeaie.Haright ofatoftheSouhappearstobe I wraiftotv aad oonaiTB9T NBWS. Ijvaarooi, Nov.aent wsa freely talked of.•••, - •..11(.Ill'1^1etwnrdttrwhlaheeatthaeanntry several mlUtona, andaksif she »ho»M be permitted to go oat after eatoiltog such heavy ispsaw npep tha Onion, ana then says that Cuba would bate a rial* to g.ioot upon the same prlnclpto after s h edis)00(d«' theaVra that ih# Northern State-the.r I^lala'urea aad repeal their unfriendly laws, and org • a ccnveatlon of all the States to make a prompt a a d on ie*>ffortfo preserve the Union aad country from bank rap e y , »nareby aad rain.o fihoald have been mUHoam or dolton.document try witht h ea resreoentattve of my o«m. , and taw chairman of himthatthereare diffqsooeas aad the roie of theread aver thesectionsofbtepa-iton arrived to-day, FINANCIAL APTAfaw.An adjourned meeting will b e held to-night. •tillThe ox-INTERESTING FROM CHARLESTON. CHAELSBTOJI, Nov. SO, 1898.United States Marshal Hamilton today mailed bis re stenotic*..[carter tor both Aldermen and Councilman, and frompresent indications there will be no end'to them, aad thepolitical parties promise to be alike numerous. The Na- oeea o t the principal seaport* o f tha Union aad graatler demand, and advanced ratea Irani cnaalmously, after aome discussion, aa the proper News from home of on advance ot Liverpool hoi caThecarvniycompanieso fwore to-day confederacyelub to the Seventh district, we notice, has brought forward John Richardson. A numter of democrats got together to the Twenty are! ward, aad nominated John Kinsly for AWerman to the Fifteenth dwtrtot. Peter H.Jackson, formerly nominated by the ottizene of that ward, has declined, leaving t h e field open for some n e w man. Thus the work gees bravely on, and tha trtmmara of each party are dally beoomint more and m >re confident of their ultimate sneeeee in carrying off the spoils and pocketing the proOtt that are supposed to accrue from the rich jobs that will come np for c msldoration.2. Lake Trade—Between port and port oa the lakes or noard of Aldermen have at prearnt a good chance of inland watora \being maintained, and the scenes which have been en- 3 The trade botweon the Eastern and wester 3 perm of acted abont the City Ball continued daring the the United States;aa, for Instance, between Ne« York coming year; aad onleaa tsere are some more tanportant and California, either around Cape Horn or via Aspiawail ir ovemenis put under way than have been tnamraratod and Panama.vet, the Senate of uur etty legislative Jkjdy will eoottoue Mr. BLIVT bere called attention ts the tost that the to matatola that beautiful reputation that it has gained b y shipowners of the Untied States had sent a memorial to continuing to the some persistent determlaatlma to graat Che British Parl<asasat to place ligota on u-» ooasi of lis privileges to corporations and inch men so Law W e territory on the Caribbean Sea. Great Britain had onlyTbe money stringency is now so great that relief from the boakato obaototaty eaosatlal They will, therefore. certttaly anapead, but are straining ovary •arvo to keepcoasting trade, remarked that as his term of oifxo would soon expire, ho could not promise aaytbieg In ita behalf. Ha waa willing, he aaia, to discuss Urnquestion, however, and seemed astonished when heheard of theextent to which American ships were employed In t h e ooloaies o f England.the Luadon Kma in reference to the affairs of this great country.t - . *t .w « t v*.«;*&*# ratJafpurchased a t a cast o f t w o Governor Letcher's reply is aIt reviews the existing state of the maoh force a i d clearness, and before a n y responsibility shouldte tbeee subjects, aad showed that' ibtbe clpal Boovoottoaa tn Sao railwaycr. p.atfherCharlestonto the Southernr o -Theoewo of the enapiaatoo of the Farmers" Bank, of Riehmoad, may precipitate a nspeoaion here io-morro v.Personal 1 Intel 11genre.The religious folks are now the most v'.oleat of the se-orsetootow. The American Sunday School Onion AaencyThe Slog that controlled the fat prize* In the presentStrong secession speeches were made to-day at the preConnecticut, and A 8 Robinson, of Pennsylvania, are stopping at the Lafargc House.well known crib kept by a woman named G lea, to Water street. Officer Morgaa, ssatoasd by oStesr Boy, o t tbe Fourth ward, proceeded to the above ~seven o"elect aad upon entering the _epoaded in a most eloqoeot aad gar/ speech.that Sooth Carolina was pledged by every solemn obMga- ttoe to eeoade from the Moral Union. Three Wonka agoof making necessaryfrom tho Now York Stock Esebaage remltedo Saturday and j l i s toy have exhibited. No she bod elected on that tone a Lssssmtare which unani-T h efixed Thumday next lor th» throughout the city, meeting adjourned Ullofwill be•ar the beneGt of Mr. ofanting. Mrs.of any State or mously reeotBKeaded lejerote action It waa infamy to of Vtre'nm. She boa a staking food in ro- retrace the step. Oat at bfe diatnct-OraagebBrg-he could my that of the sixteen hundred votes polled, not nii areold be tor wtbmswtoo. In Coilaton, Bsaufort,loser and Lieu'. Mcarmn, of the United States Navy, sndi MrJ. H. Wlls lnson, of Eaglet' are Stoppteg at the Ancr House.In our issue of yesterday It was stated, to connection w ih operatic mstiors, that Mr Max karet/es: had gone to Havana to act as condu tor at tbe Tacoo theatre Wo woo'<*rethattotoWaotthoesse. Mr. ttaretta* ana nrobably be tbe musical conductor of Mr. Ullman.atown Acaa> i a* dartot the eaoatag essasa. aad win re from the • yoeaa of the Antilles" to aboat ten days.A Swppoeed Pogiuva Slave. DMRBV STATaS XAS8HAJ.'S OFPI0B.Nov. SO—tae United StateswithawrltofCourt, to produce the body of a supposed fugitive aUre'Ohn Thomas (or by whatever other name heprettyfreeiy Tne companloo of t o aocaaed was ysster day aent to the State prison for fire years for tho above burglary.AiMswsj>8ncinioaAHirPsonRrvsaRAnaoADraAa.^ Lsst evening a man named Robert awort* waa brought t o Bellevue Hospital, having attempted to commit satoMto on oaeof tbe trains of the Hudson River Railroad. Ittbai as thetratowaaap.of tho test cor wore startled by theport of a pwtoitntberearof the ear aad tt waa s t a dawovorsd that n man bod ahot hmmatf In the headnattsBMMftwallMKj \\\%\ htS iaAaTBe*Vtsanr^WtsVlA gssaaflarrival of t h a wain a t Thirty seoood street be 1 convey ed t o t h e aaove hsopttal The phyakiasa 1be cannot recover. Bo notass at 1701 boslnem troobto Msaid to b e t h e cause of thai aatoaflktr.CocrrsHhwrra —A man aamed Wiliatm ^ eveatogtorattssapttogtossawereaaaM on able questfeo.Ha closed amid^Thecommittveleet holding of theThis cioeed thethis evening.W AHiCrt RivaJa,'• w111MOVEMENTS O F THE PEOPLE O F GEORGIA.of aft*J3 to[thatat an iof thei itoBryancountyd> or boater should 1He saidJBf 1 ! **#!f*ff':t«#em Mawmw<tffHMiir SHOT w«nA largo meeting w s a held here halt night, a t which | The Farmer's Sank la this city suspended specie pay-• strong seossslan resolutions were unanimously adop'ed.Rttoday. This course was deemed necessary in view range o f drentotton which this bank through ito numerous branches to every aTthoStote. TherushuponthemInafewdays, under too influence of the prevailing panto, would be very « i * l , and to meet this their dlaoonnt line should be con- uarted to a point which would materially aflect the mer-cantilo totoresto of the State. .It is reported tbtt even'.tg that the Bank of Virginiarhanta do not regret tola course, as it will lead to anex pension of tne dieooaat line, and make circulation easy. Tbls will more than counterbalance Tor the high rates of premiom on Northern exchange, which the tusponalop will create.I heard one of the most prominent statesmen tn.theColon, n aatrve of Virginia, remark today, that incasethe eotton Stntea seceded h o woold favor a aspatataCntcn.to be composed of the States of Virginia, NorthCnr>rna, Tenaetsee, Kentucky a n d Miaaoari. H o oat-pretsadtbabeliefthatPcnnsylvaaU,Delaware,Now SAML.L.MUCHTLI-ftSON'.ment, aa Iexpected bis time woold betoo mooh ocenptai other toiportoat matters to permit of his giving much itaaUon to what I might state in refcreace to these fa vesm. He added that he considered I was already aware that be wasoppoosed to the opening of toe trato,imttftathevlears. 1 told him that in the Western States the ma- jority of tho commercial community Savored tha ojamtng of tn* coasting trad* t« tho ciannotition of •rltiah ships; bnt to oo place was tha appasilloa to tt so great sa la tho Northern attosttc elties. The press, too, though disposed Sa discuss the qaaattoa with much Uoerallty, were adverse as a general rule to the throe-tag open of tte trade. Their desire easmed to no merely to aa«r tats the troth noon t t Mr Liadeay then conUnnad to*head, aad the optoton la expressed by those In asaofat of teecfflela|retoresthatbewillcarrytheState. N'othtog bnt the official vwte will deeWe the contest.Mr. Tbos. R. Prtoe, a wealthy merchant of this city, who woo referred to atow daya ago to o tatographie do- to a Mow Tort paper as ona of a series of who discharged otorka from h is ea- appltod to Judge Lyons, of tho Hurt-yesterday, to ascertain b y what enrrospondento of Northern paperstablwhmont,i«so Court,of procedure,bemadeamenabletoproneeotbm forlibel. TheJudgenformed bim that bo Bbould seek redress tor aoah of-which shell have arisen since such ship tost sailed from soy port or place of the country to which she belongs, nod which shall net have been prevtousry heard and adju- dicated npon; or to respecter any broach or neglect of doty, or noa periosasanoa of aay oontraet, all such cooessalted t<>tho present time so to be very detrimental to commerce. By this law, if a man on board aay ahip entering an American port brings with him a pound of tmuggled goods the whole ship's cargo in which it is conveyed is liable to eonfiscatioa. lie quotedaoinstanceofwhereaBritishseaman employed in oae of the Canard iteamers smoggiad one pound of tobacco, and Messrs. Cnnaid were obliged to give bail, in eoosequence, to the amount of £10,000. Mr. Lindsay stated to conclusion that he bad DOmore to aay. B e expressed himself much interested In h i s visit to America, aeHehted by his tatorooafoe with tilrtestdent. Its various public m en and Its pub liecommercialbodies,andheespeciallythanked the New York Chamber of Commerce for the kindness sod attention which they had ahowa him, aad expressed the hope tt at alt his exertions and conf irenoes would tend towards the groat Object of cementing more firmly too tire of friendship and kindness which should ever bold the two great notions In anion e n d harmony. He had received much kindness to America, and h e had now only to aay farewell, as be was departing for home tomorrow (to day), and wlrt that he would always be glad toeovtrtelnAmericanelusensathome,tfaottoOriental splendor, at wast with true hospitality, tn his home oa the baaka of the Thamessnd tbe battle of tbe 3d at tees than 13 in less t b u a week Francis II ha* lost 30,18WTT7JKLAJJ0form couldCrtvx —IDrespect toad claims and demands by ownersor masters, offices or seamen, against each other, tf any country. There is no law aoiatsgoa thw sutject.ex net reasonably ret down Ita lo<aes bvof power and of the people a t :rattl.onkm hat <the free States an demandiiA majority of thwISenate.There waa no excitement. *WiurcHifaaT, N. C , Nov. 20, MOO.ceostotrabte cnango fromtheltoa the .vartoas qumtiooa artotog out of thePresident stated to me that, though he of onawtog tho aoastlsg trade, a o aad onthe aaOysotinBbapapers,to wy-I**"* is« -k * -i «„RUMORED EXPULSIONPERSONS FROM GEORGIA.THREEpunishment of orwoes iboard o ship o f e a e country tho porta of tho other country.l the hlghsaas on that snip arrives inTOma amioa or vaa aaaata.^ e report regarding the paoaengers by the Augusta isIssasaatojto tho oonomsseylag paper No. 1 iwhtoe carried toto proattoa by otoaaw la a eoavantioosossewhat as follows —WIUK ut the sllgbtsat fooadatioo.The prmototoa nominew life inio the hangers on to that institution latheee-Gonsol of the country t o which sach ship belongs) b e beard, tried and dealt with ia a summary way by the ooorta o f either country where t o o ship a t tho time may be.vtral wards of the city.them, aad the amount of running and dunning that was going on in the vicinity of all he drinking places In the several districts last night woold aston ah the uninitiated insuchprcceedlngr.Allhandsappearedtobetotheir glory, yet wearing a somewhat anxious countenance—no doubt the resul t of fears about the safety of their new political pipes that they had juit laid down. As Mozart Hall issued bar call for primary meetings tost evening, we amy expect e decided lnorieee of excitement throughout the city to-day. With all three o f the parties moving l a the primary t lections, there w i n b e for the next three days a perfect turmoil s a d excitement amongst the g o• nop•""*"' —. W1»»,"<"O FTWENTYYesterday was a busy day withvernlng efeosea l a the severalThe independent candldatee are springing up In everybops for a bet or order of thing-;, bat can see but a small peg to hang oar hope upon. •MEBTINOOFTUKJIOZAKTHaLLGBNERAlCOMMlTrSE. A special meeting of the Democratic Repabllcan General CommitteewaaheldtosteveningatMozartHall,forthetwo l'sbts to that quarter, and yet the oo*£i extendedover 420 miles. He knew there was a desire ia Gsg- tropolitan Hotel.found sitting among the party, when the officersdtately mode known their errand; but Lawrence dad aot mem disposed to accept thetr offer to gowith them, and calling to hia aid the party In the room, apurposeing charter election.arraogomenta fort h ocom-among the arrivals at the St. Nlchonts Hotel yesterday.beating them with chairs, sicks, ka After aflrtt. however, the officers made sore of tootiant aafoly lodged htm la the stationflray thetffienrs were bodrybeoueo, aa was atoo LawThe chair waa occpuied by a P . Schormerborn.first business transacted was the appointment C o com- Blaise of tvo, whose doty tt will be to receive fromthe deleeates of all tre oitv wards the aaaea of the inspectors aopotated in »ch for tha ensuing charter election, and to reoort accordinaly tomorrow eveomg to the general cZmittaT Aapectol meetiog will be baldtorUus par.O U Bbesoll.ef New York; * B. Morgan, of tu»ora;Copt R Y. Cnttondon, of Albany; Oant W. Dart<te».Cap! Whittlesey, Lteot. MeKee sod Lieut ft. Cooke, allof the Lotted States army; Lieut. J Irak, Lieut. Yaota- renee, npon waosehead Um offlcore mad tfaerr ctubowards.I if i iforthatpost,sawrecommendhisreelection.A meeting of ettlzaaa in the Fifth district oa Monday ters dnly licensed by the government of t h e respectiveIa^jr w#ww^w ^rtaa^wa^^Ma^^^m v w OJ^OJ a s ^ ^ s ajvosao \*» tuwaat porpersonal Injury, orlossordamajtetoships, boatsorgoods: and accordingly the liability of the owners of inchships »|ien the fltatmamade in the eeajrtoof either oountry to reipect of soy such loos, ir ury or damage, shall-boHmlkdinlike wshsnrand to the same extaot, In e«ontho competition of British ships? Has she not rather much to gam by free intercourse? She can build, quality ookridered, sad sail ships, quite sa cheap as ever aay English cokmw», aad cheaper than we can in fagtoad. Ber ships oompete with success in our trade; why should...of tho Frenchixtble. epwedu al' our oonofisprmg of ' matto-thraoA. ea> aVtaehmeotortaes day, eartbal- ow sad cootor.g, has been re- af the voting1. aaafolNeapoh- hajsg pararrested by will b e earmy waaman, theWeean- dCaona Thaocase;andthomosoofnrooaOaretoreferoooetheretoshall the fear competition in herosmf allboas provided by the taws of the country whore tin proved that every notion (even some ofclaim fomaae. weakest nations of Kuropo) can manage iis ownone mentioned in the report, which also states that the a. Attouu Rule of tkeBoad art Ligklt of As—Tho trade to the greatest advantage, for toe ships of otherSblpa of Of eat BrJbato aad tbeUaiwd States, roapoctivel v, shalladoptoneaadthesasaarateof therood(aamav>'9 hereafter agreed upon) fur tbeir guidance when atoettog atam.aadtboshtosof theUaited Stntea shall adopt thenations do not eater tt when opeaed. A ll experience again proves that the removal of too barriers which a e w exist would, by footlttatiag taterooaroo along the shores of the United States waere tho produce aad mauutotlaias to bo axeaanged are to great and sa rapidly oa thenumber o f steerage pameagers s o compelled to roturn was twemy, whereas the actual number of snsfa paaom-only eleven.LMP0RTABT FROM MEXICO.of Mlvaaow ffofelsw Ki«- vo.t«d tw t h e Pteotateacy, daw.Naw Oauuxs, Nor. 20, lten The steamship star of the West baa arrived here, withHavoca dates of the 16th InstThe atock of auger was being rapidly reduced. SalesofNo 19at9a«Mreals. ExcbaigeoaLeodon13a13)Jpercootpremium. Exchange on Now York 2 a Z% per cent premium.Tte steamer La Catollca arrived at Havana on the 13thmat., with Vera Cruz dates of the 5th mat. -Mtramoa bad resigned, and h a l been succeeded b yRobles.The reactiontsti had evacuated PuebavGreat alarm aad excitement prevailed a t the capital.The Charter Kiectlow.XOBB Dl-VSlOrSMJaNTS IN T B I ALDABMAKIC COX ship belonging to either country in tho ports of the other, oept aa old one, passed to 1T69, which is so utterly on-Great Britain Tho courts, thorefore, of either cocntry, ship is the mere carrier-, depending tor ita exwtenoe xaa aaa/^wa iaa>gemaa^ajw ^^ ^tm^^aamTM aat ^ jp^^^^^w ^w^wswpaw' ao^^^"^^^^a ^ r w w » w 1 -** entirety opwo t h e •mooet of sonde t o b e earned,aide aad cried "Oeath to Gavazxi.'saree Parnate • m tonft, atngbv ggdad bv theoaswhw, It follows that, with more hraflte, more strips wiii National Guard re'named there dm aadtheadoptionor otherwiseoftoesystem of fcgntsor be reqorred, and enneequeetry there would bo dihasconfirmedcertain -rrtviipge*of Seamen —la cases where seamencountries . Iholding forth a t 131 West Houston street. A tier- Here Mr Ijanaav made a few remarks tn reference t o of this committee are accord:ogiy tsndered to htoi, withevening brought forward Wiiliam L. Proch. clothingland to conform to the wishes or this ooontry, and by paciBRadditional lightsonthat coastshe could.In-thar the interests of commerce throughout the world.Mr.Lnosavthenresumedtowreadingofthepaper. Tfceoe are the pepsra,gentlemen, which 1purposed sob- mltting to yon to day I left a copy with the Prfjetdeot, aad atoo a copy wit* tho Secretary of State, aad they to- formed me that they woold lay those papers before t h e Cabmet at Washington j a a subsequent interview wiea tbePrcstaeat belaiormod me that they had taken the pai*rs into immediate consideration, and reierred them also to the Secretary of the Treasury, who reqnenci that o special meeting of this Board might be called, before which they might be atoo coosldcred, so that the aaaiBSiiHls community of tha ooun try might take them into thetr conpidoration. and if aay potats were not taken Into account, which might have escaped their notice o r mine, they aslant n o t b e omitted to aay action which might h e taken b y sovernmeator BBJBO e a those watoh are emboofcHen. L.B Crocker,of<wwego;Geo.Cooperaadfamily,aad E C Delavan, all of Albany; Major SiwagM. of theUo ted States Army; Col Cnlico, of Baltimore; Or. Chllde,these papersI asa happy to aay that whoa I called o a id ssa that helaofaritasl lawdtawaaaartobrtog before their no-them, bnt that they entertained them ao favorably that It is their tntaotHm, by the mail of next weak, to sawdtn the-very words what 1nova road to yon. nearly, to the BrI tish govoromeat aa toot whan the nx.of being 'ihecaseabolitionists, and great Tbe only colored _ aaamtare at t h e old Bowery theatre. math wart station boons to 100 t h e totaraottaoal Bank of 00 the Mrrohaiits' aank of BotH ethe goverament of Great Britain for" oan be in pursuit of Manatorrtdsalaf eater Menter into immediate namaimthis itfedneeiay) moratng, beTors theUntitledDocumentawveral ptoess m theefty. hailooltorgoldpHceswereatooputto1The following rtsolution was then offered aad adopteda rise ia cotton The rtes la linsead Freights slightly higher.CiLorm,Oat.T,1800. Gen. Woodbnrn and Dr Burst are dead.aUaaTJtw.Lnjroo.v,Mov.8—Noon. Consols 93^ « 93^. The bank rata bos Ito A% per cent.8og«r baoyont, and all qualities slightly higher.Sates of Illinois Central shores were asade et26a24J»discount New fork Central shares at Tf a 0d; Erie shares SA34X. *Lnrnspoox, Nov. f, 1800. Cotton—Wales yesterday and to-eay 90,000 boleo, inoroeinge.OOOtoapeeolators s o d expartsn. The market slosed ready at Friday'a qootstiooa.Breadstofls daB.Poitcw Imtolltsjosaao.Axxmr o. AS itxaaxD BcnotAO—Daasaita Asoana UranTwoPoucxnss.—A little over a month agoa burg- Right Kev the Bishop of Montreal: Bishop Kip and lary was committed to a grocery store, to Monroe street,wife, of California; Amos Kendall aad wife, of Washing- by two noted Individuals, one of whom, oaoM ton, and Col. I'oatley and family, of New York, are atop. Nodlent, was arrested on the spot, bat theping at the Firth Avenue Hotel. oeeded in making his escape. Lost eveningG A. Stanley, of Ohio; George Hotooo, of Port Dover; Knopp, of tbe Fourth nreetoct, mxrnodtthat the party J. B Bartte, of Coiumboa; P T. Parsons aad party, of who bad got away, named Lawrence, was hidden at aofSaratoga,aadR.D.Cntta,ofWaahtngtoo.were fightensued,nilofwbempooaeedapootb)md by tbe Cnlted States aimoe on the high sssaas a witae in H e WIB b e pro- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtort-A nsssosr sa*began.lasflM 1 