 Sees* »>»«#.J> Beaky FMM, £aa~twt F.sk, £««rmI?Fohcwmm* H efnaaej,f-atcw L H » m :taarwe KtefWiAi. aje loete paatikjL'^u mltuaga? The sacred -octrr! are w(.Ttfcy of b^rcg nrir or;r of potties' I'Aitng chert—we who knee that our happiness and oar seemed beet to Hie omniscient wisdom. Liberty n only white coat at Austria—aad 1 asked a6- F. Buattex, JOBT.Teamrace, H T Tttskcnm,M ti. fteag ate*, At.Cooper, Fetor Cceper,w M t n r f tSu;ptw«e at a iaagbagr thai ihc paopk can reed, and aawapapext. pairphwttaaad iooka—:na paaspttlet, tor er aaapta,aaafathermatureaoottmtacjataepeaattaredasthis meant aad why there were Austrian Itahaacity."Huah,hash, hesafcf,"Tooareathere. We do not talk of these thmgs. wo easy act aa tae dark aad at night aa eeeaaaai serves as. Oaa grant that the day may come when we can ttfttreared for him, there to assert toe iigbte, hte ha independence aad to reachwhich God baa dsattoed far thai magnificent country I have stood at night iwktohkavsa aaan calasgof thai BBBBJBJB;, thea that at eaastracuveLyons, and accompanied by tbe Brooklyn Nary Yard GsMiaaES—You have done me no more than Justice (loud cheers.) No one can aay that, up to that hour, th? w fast approaching there, aad that ttus is the time to say hand, will make their usual parade on Wsatoagtea's^laJiaa peopk ib« Jjaaat.«i aau rulera irfcict may h*^f- ,rec beer of Austria. } aril' reaJ you two haaa that wii Y«ject»«l—i rbe«n>—aaa deaoamatrate that fad Venice can gel ao Baiiah to reprtsre* the Austrian goveraaaesi. No one ia found TTBaiaa i. a aanaaa ~»tn han ao wartOilr aclueTOdini * .uiag. tor the aaae of Aaatna, to expejR t-maelf to tbeItalian g&nioa what BOW would be modem civilian •rg for the riatnp o* tho people of Europe to proclaim their think the public sentiment has compelled him to take thecorner of Grand aad Centre attoste. la the tiaaisg fate Armory will be Bssattoastd aad thrown open as the aab- hc. On tbe end of the market, on the Grand street mac. will be displayed a large illuminated traawpareavey grrtog a full size portrait of the Father of Our Country, vmh alle- gorical devices commemorative of "the ttoaaa that triedami ncofariUaa aa4 aiatpati-i te Iraod«aa by vtocfi ice res£eacce of Austria. The theatres are deserted. Way»bave beer vary much encouraged, or our confidence very much confirmee But we bave had experience in oar own country, which ought to teach us the dif- ficulties betougng to those who assart their liberty : we have net ao much to be proud of ourseirea during those latter yeras. aa that weeither way I am glad to have a chance for praising Louis Napoleon, aiKi 1 make haste to do it lest the ehanee passby (Laughter.) But while 1 do tha we must reason men s souls. Company F, Capt- L. F. Buck, tke "crackpoaato ai taw Uaiiad S I M - praciiidai boaa potttcai i»- becauae the AQBtriaas m there, aad there is a kiad of «iitfeact a toragB alfaira are aaBoaad to aaak* tte.r a napirtcy to prevaat aff piwaatiie, because the Aunnaaaber that we have our own troubles aad our own difficul- ties. We have a great deal too many of them, agreat deal too much evii among us. We have our atrugglea, but they are fair, man to man fights, great is tbe poweratlura wbv _ttoa the whato awaatoa paaawed hMghaer and Mi*, am* ataae W'taioh 1 mm man whlaaaa<aaaaB aawlbaaaaaaa of the Aaaaruaa peoplego to these- The ssstoa wsla eat in saourning, becaoae i ;au. at ti» craa* laiaJy a aaatoM, memore, toeAasuiaaa hold tier city, aad the Aaatriaa troopsi, Thai aa Aaaarwan ajtiaaaia we n e o a * aaJ are frowaed apeh everywhere My friend says i taa najti of taw p—»w afOaatra. Itaiy teeaoaaefar that when two Venetians are walking through the> taat farm of govaraitnt wtooh •maw to them streets with aegars, sad they see an Austriancompany of the Eighth, will give a grand banquet at Miu- tary Hall ui tbe Bowery, to which they have tovtted etai- nent military maa. A grand service of plate worth IsdO is also to be presented to Aid. Cornell, ex Orderly Sergeant of the troop, aad a gold aeedal to Company A, tor baviag recruited the largest number of members for the |MnrraxT Datraxvaxtrr or Txxaa—That department eat braces all the Territory of Texas and the Indian territory lying south of ffaatan sad the Arkansas river. Taeae are the designations of the posts, commaaeers aad fereasi—Fort Cobb, Captain J. B. Platettsr, First cavalry. Fast infsBtry.Fort Arbuckk, Captain W. E. Prince, First cavalry, First infantry.Fort Washita, Captain T. J. Wood, Firat cavalryCamp Cooper, Major G H Thomas, geonad cars ry. Fort Chadbourae, Captain G *•' Wallace r rat rBBBBKFT,Camp Coterado, Qaptato E K. Smith. Becoed eava ry Camp StocktoB. Captain a D Carpeater. Firet icfaatrv. Fort tjuitman. Brevet Lieut Col J. V.• xfHCi tc Cnd in NovaZembla the tropic*, nor the luxuriant vegetation of the tropics in Nova Zambia: aad,therefore, we cannot he free from maay troobteeomeiribkms because we are free merely. Ttate cannot be tillthe Milknial a inhered in: it a onry then we may task fort.r rfeci.cn on earth. We have jnst toe same eiffieaMies toccn;esd against that the farnwr has, who comes from hiswork with burrs and innumerable weeds sticking in hteciothee, whrch he mt-tt disentangle and separate fromihcm at ha leisure. And aa we have sttefeatg to usai: manner cf thmgs; yet the great wwrk of hue-rarcrv gets on still. (Applause.) We are rasping aad Fort C3ark, Brevet Major W.H. French, Secea-icavalry, scwinn. and cor children shall reap and sow yet,tke aaat ftoad so pnMBOte X* .t aafety aa<l bappjueia. i Uod appjaoae tcoveries of the marine compass, toe barometer, tt-' tele i ught not to make allowance tor the difficulties whicu be-scope applied to astronomy, and the pendulum as a mea fot the citizens of other countries. (Applause.) At the of the tongue. They say it is no more than wind.•eaarfod tfeai the araaad trterrestHn of a foreigntvwer. to prevoat tOe oaop*eaf a»y ccraurv fraot aiapnacwaaaavai faixu at |iiinia—rii in j Kay aggier, aaactn be piaueu.) &r, tbe aaywiUaaaaewhea Venko will eauae her rtfar Jt-v. aa a ro,«i*,L of Uu; ccicity ot aji.oua.. a««l tea; clijn* to be kaown and respected by the civihasd worldauccess et these enterprises that bare been delayeil by theiecessarj esitacles which ever rise sgaiost the gloriouscauseof l.berty, we are now uisposed ie rejo.ee. We re-joice to tff a country manifonng the abilitv, the prudence. Cue self control, tbe patience, toe sense, the power i.ved, breathed and thriven in it ever since. (Ap to overcome enormous dithciiiies in me ca.se p cues&u; plajsc ) It it the want of air m Italy tu-uaytial naij. abot«i fee pronsptiy reb^ikoc by Ui« ctv^ae-d werid. (Ureax apttianae )KeuMrac!. Tn*t we bai: w!tb tfc»Bf<:laea« tbe pe'-ny of ao& jewrteiii.cti x ltahas aftm'rs ao deariy la'-i towr to (be I*****, peaaphwt eaOiUad "leFaawet leOmfrec. *a- taw iraaiiaiaal aaii awnnin mniw aagjaaataaaa vi uue iaoferor of :kc Freocb la aegcriaac: w tfc *i-i pv..,-j ikpfauaa.)Heaotred, Taai tbe ecdarattoai of tbe Q«i«ea of Great a*r.iaj8. at her speech at the eTwnitf cf ParHaTteet, ajraiast aiaaaat aaaat^eaaaaai by a»y IhraSga tawar ia'fiaaao affix*aaan. Is the immortal words ef Mrs. Browaisg, written bvea alter the failure of 1M8- *»:—O sever aay no store to Italy * hie.Her mevAriet latoaasatBrat e&li argue evermore. atraTarean»ptt»eserftaureMBeeB^a^andocta*raid, Her *en ataiuts seed their looks before.Tbe r«\ erend gentleman resumed his ssai amid greatapp:Ac-ie. i. While I T . Theaapsaa was eloquently addressing toe aasieBce ot the Ooid paatBOB sasomed by France aadrate systems cf legtslatisc. her condition IF coinc'dent with cur o*n to the extent of poeeess-ag tho=t ioca' fa:ilities for stligoverrmtxt which are our boart. And' then there m the spirit of her sens, is shown in recent eflont. giving ae? 'an<:» of ceurage and of thai rarer wisdom which knows hv* k- guide and temper courage, both of which rboue so consyitruous in the Venetian llarui. wcrttv ccaspeer of our ewe \V*sa agt<*c.Aiiiw me c a^lU that! cenfidectsy K-o»; to the day =vhenthat couAlry and «*.e what astoniihuu,' '^urts they trade d o i n g t'b«» ie^t few vesrg Wfca' so much like i>cLerican laaaitutions—wi.at sc much !..»»• Etig),sh lnstitu- !J,.L8. arr UV* t 0*- seen thrc^gboul ih <*£.*.• e woiil, as the free peto. Ui» pciHilar reiresettauon. the! cmerpris- :rp. utiiitartaa• cioimtrciai. mosey saving, artocey m%c- xg—aye,aaat liberty maaisg—peopleo: jjardjjuf (Load afvlause.) And ,i you. koit tc iuscany, wca: a augniti- •ieiit tslf-fcacajfioe has r**i rcatTefiet by t!6^t i*cp!e,•»hvare wilBeji to lay down t< eir own rredjec'icss for the take of tike sationai cause Hue Tuscans are exhibit dig, I veatture to t i > . a mere gicrjous spec lacle bv tke self aacritW they are task eg fcr tor mother rr them ail. grrat lt*ry, thatttat throws Italy into a icrme&t. It a the right of maa to discuss every subject: and ss ion gas we have this right ici the question, whatever it may be, come up for ventfia •on (Appianse ) Let the plough and the harrow go ihrougn the ground, and >cu may depend upon it that in the ecu we a ai keep down ihe stubbie and tee land win be harrowed by the plough, tsome men win think toat fcterty will grow ar.ywaere, under aay c reomataaces, and ttat an o (isxgs will anse from it. But are cannotwheatgives hat aihigaawwi toefficer cotsuag oae will take out a segar and say, "dolfe- rmo —btera:)y, "there is need of another match.'' Bat tee play on the word Soifer.no for the ear of the Aoatran a, "We need another Soberino. (Laughter and ap(Laughter.) Granted, but it was wind that took Columbus round the giooe, and enabk'd the great Italian navigator to discover this new and mighty land. When God made this land fie put wind ail round it, and we haveTTtW tOKfc BERALD, SATUEDAT, FEBEUAET 18, 1860-TR1PL1»e IUIV weiiiome into ike feik>%£Jh.i' cf naiicea a sc-t&mv. aad pah "v cf ¥"ftaa a£ a Eaglesu Ui defeaoe cf Itai.ac unity auC adeiieetteawt, k tit>. ae» in external f&m but oli in iia ecsstituec.fnaweaa aad of BatiBoa) peretn named Brock eBde«vore<l to obtali: a heariag, snd tppiaaaa, wetcf fur K O « to swaesae questions to the orator, but he aaa sainted by a geaasai eutbuist of hisses sad marks ci diaa|ajreoauca, fata****"!, Thai the heroic e>veti«ii <4 Tktoe Ksta&ae?, ao that he found it neat to i&poaaible to apeak. Be was,vann—separate ih icua. gc-temments but buund in federalunion—with cne natio&a: hag. e t c txtionai com. acu oneFort Maaoo, Captato R. W. Jobaaaa, Seeoad eavaJry. Fort lancaster, Caraain & » Cvasgat, Fwat teaaatry. Fart Lava, Fwat Ueaaeaaat T. Flak, tosjbeh totaatry Caaap Madaaa, Captato G. toaaemsn, Seeoad oavasry,w il>itaa >, to the caaas of Baiiam aatfcmatu aa« lactaejauaaaK hap woo. Smt iuat the a^mtta^ii o: ahe e'i—aad w3I t^rs'haa a a a a eHoaemtoaLuaijat.) Thst ectiraaarrtcai msarsascat as. rv.va: i J *eeL-fh;tw a«JM of l^aahjoaa W .-«*-•«••», .ade-narass! principle. g:v-.ng to ai* thr ttrcngai of unity, E any other toate perhaps witt.n her borders, and tnow>iede;r these, who arestoen ao ahsar^twaam^ ^yetexarata the regret which f feel that amywill aot permit aaa to he present at year•hail be with you in tpcrit. Italy a to me a name fragrant with beautiful recoBectaak*. I recall the time I apent taaaa sa oaa rsaalai by day a strata of amain heard ha the watchea of the night. How many hours of toil have beeoWBB toastBUSS'Sof Columbia College, was inabout to speak, when aaatoaton b* right tobe hasted oat,to aay to tbe world thiswc BOWbehold is the frtot of liberty freedom, xato ia aaa of the asaaWe ought to hare tame thief take our own ties from aa ff we could art silent when we hear the of enthralled people. (Appeases.)Ik* t—.iii.*«if»ii « * v,a* !>«*>;-m-was tatifki w h aa- auti>.-uei i«th« feci tha*aa> atowal cf a prefere&cc for »rf gcTtrnmeiit ctrastefui ui tbexu. ! am sure that all c u t powerful and cBlighienci on the earth—so under the to be the rest been to this great people that God has yeti > ' . k a t , » i atxtraaaeat m aevmiar ailaira ahoajd ae oia- fergianc; wouli! neg from side to side with a vo-.ee of in :<•»* reign It may LOW rite, perhaps, to as equal!#*£*) eeetoos:raLote. ;.- <i~ in: 1 principles at ear frecaem. Why. sir, whan ai# iiaaaas W. Bu rt vac u * U M i j (Amu. 94cm- the n (Eica diaft < J Un V-:n.'u:» Df.iaraisoa ui fiighttrtce cf Ita^y: and its prima: afiecttcaa fight in b«r behalf, «? Qie tiara in tbtnr cc-;rte fought againrt tjisera. Tbts sggregatetl and aocumuktec tvmpaiav. to which every fcU.trv.ut b:ta»< x Cirieteacem cuctnkctes a share, isavjTke ha f i l l liabu nitres ecr* the Iasj«8s»B to ear iwas aacfr wi*. .as**. Mr. ahw«b reported that ait f&o»w tr/.y the frlfea*. i->«e;» r* « aaaikfterJ*»u VacMs aeur aad aad. "ToJev^oo a nc-tlbe »«"• aad u>j*e»; to aaaead, • that all asen areeqoali? *al*i*« to ih« frt-t aad fuii eaerciee of rehjpoc,:: aad, ic th« •aa&oaa^ Of oaa of the taact vigorcas writers of the i-*i*e>d of the Re Qi ueat ti have nerar aeea thoaght bet «T coaaeaaca ut these fow words r— 'ftrteraioon n x u n - tpvcaaa at expanaaflt, hat it at toa coBatetfeitn tilery , tb«w havr1 sboan those noble and independentc '. .ncttid immaleriai ictce, but it is & power which those traits which egptciaily uuslify them to govern them stivet ajone bat lor the weak, there is real, true liberty, ever formed that country for slavery*avaac aad repaaiasad by atsancaa citueaa as cuctrar^ «:igi ant remfustTsnct- Tb* lieart of bomuutj is on yo.tror even superior glory In tie midst cf re- rerctiTE t h e y h r r e been seil'-pcieeC, deter xitcu and maniy, and bave rejected excesses of •.vtry sort, the} have been fierce in fight anJ mercifulbettowea ui on the nation, firtriavan and civil hberty saythat to tbe Pope. (Laughter ami applause.) But there arnethisg I would speak of here. When liberty STOWS,Tirpens xto a moral aessment hi a people!, which alaaya erce of that gkatoas aad teatends towards a certain assurance ia themselves, growing have gssed upon the start that bashed mrcxgrr and arroagrr as it a developed, aot for them what—a pack of saves. Do you0 it B-'l ire deapotieass—the NO aaanattca to fleet ik4 ligfcl of wiihhoMhig liberty cf txasciaaee the ether of prasstor Of w» *•«-.* BatlltrFfe was re- ••erved with aaucb cntcusiasm. 1 am here, he said,MIIII, sad, aa tor • paMBBBBbaa, far aB •aailan', a love traaatpto noaer iraca ia the daat, y*a at OBOUbrad tccugt: caac o; leuowabtp u, taoee who have shown themselves in fccneet harmony with tbe objecw of year" comingsympathy on the cccsaion of enaerge&ciea like toe oae now agitating Italy and the world;bet tbe human heart a the aasc it collective numbers that it is in individual liberty. Tell the people when von bave told the Pope that we are wah tbeta. (laughter and applause.) I apeak aot disparagingly of the Pope, but frateraally. (Laughter). The Pope is just as good himself as I am. snd if I can only rebuke him for the things he doeshas come. God's hbiasing a upon yr msnhimd yearns over yea—now is the time to strike tor fraaaaaa— snd Gad grant that the stroke may go home with trreasaC- ibk power, aaat that year victory may be ceatptote. frremendoua and continued cheering.)THB fmsTATRT 07 tBB LAD1B*.At the oaaasaatoa of Prof. Mttckelt apaeeh, tiv Proaident read a note from a tody in the audience, at foliowi — Please to send tha w a n t aad heartfelt oyatpatBioa of the women of America to their brothers aad eaters toItaly.After three tirmeadooe cheers far Garibaldi, tha atset-ingWasBnreros Gears. —This welldteaphaed regiment, ander the command ef Col. Georgeti ia* Ararat ..fteny coatpetbte w.ui private rtehte and x a rr m bouse, ye?i at oscf deftie caasctcace itself f*a<iy to parcbAte thtir Ireedom with agreat price?tepethcr herb. (Cheers.) The truth is, the diffi cutty of saytog anything at this time is. that oae *.sits to say to much, and knows teat every ore else whole going to speak wants to say the same thing; and it would be beat, it seems to me. to choosej aSic iraer.'' iCSitcta.) W-; atpiwe • the '*$&4iim ofpehcesi aad rehj*cs* sxtatoeity " We belteve vita feint 1 r i*c fj a 4'ieatjon f:'To roc. w3o aa not of an over aaagmae mood, toe futire of luly seems fun of hope: but, be this as it may, herteat'Hatbeiaa, as each, saveao poiitka—ftry m f m » veaeea all tcetattat a* eaca asks cheeses—(rettesjed apt ease)—and therefore, w,'.fc*a*. 'ear o.*ofTen-v, we cr.r- aes* to coaler together to-Bight coaeerniag the great 4««d« at (aw navy BOW enanacr—eaaoercisr toe soote stanc aaak 09 sweaty daree aaMkasa .lor the right to chocawfaa PajuBBBarr—ho, air,Mr. T»i*.»«TeoN—I haaa the taor, sir. We are sat here pan oanoot' be taken front her. Her conduct during the scene good and strong man to say It for as. No doubt beor Emperor, rake by the grace of of U*e peer* (LOBS continued cheers.)•JMtl CTlOKb., L\ I t , thea eftttrveata rer-ataat U>do it. (fraatehaariag.) SoCatho be arm-, ahail he aaaattod tor hat faita in thai iaad.red Iket w a [aaanaray—-ywaaaj>-tappiaaae.) cddjctsaaetto aVaaaaa CathaMc lafrtaged upon hereshall have by law.hia Bat,fol-sir ,treaaoB. (Long and taBta.au.Mat chaeratg.) Itee stataneat of aaaeneaa cuxeas would disavow any ettortto excwaaantoal dictation to aaeator afiairi. (Be- aawed appiaeae.) 1 stoaa aaw. tor, vrtth asSagto ward m retsreajce ao aha ton raaatotion. The peopto of Italypaahwaad aaafort alacewhat they have done at Solfe- riaa. Meat gaaUy we include in these «*gratnhv ueaa aahappy Veaice. I have hare two haee froaa Yeswe which «Q1showyoo, Iaaa sure, that,the spirit of Venice is not yet crashed under theThey have nothing more to do than to persevere in the A LyES~-M**s Bear the paUBrBt rote aad said—"Migtt trrr. and heroio aunnde they have thus far maintained.Weight as yfsn ftaretm napp-fraatd. a;r U> cast say reDec- txtu ap^B aay man a religion. I respect aad aoatoad far the right of any aaae to honor tbe Pope, if h« saaa fit, as the head of b» reSgJcaa faltL, and ahooJd the Pope hin>- seb casne haasaa aaan sx>)e we ahoaid ail say protect hatlast year has added to the world's historical wealth, aad esisrged the debt we already owed to her. Every aa&ve of Italy has fresh cause ae be proud of the land of Ida b-.rtb. and we who love her. though not children ef her so::. have reason to be grateful to her far having justified onr confidence and responded to oar hopes. Tours In sincere sympathy and warm interest.G. S. HILLARD.FROM TBE HON. CHARLBS SrstfnKR- SKVATS OUBBZH, Feb 18, I860will come bv aad by. (Applanee.) Up to tbe proeenl hourthere has been no strong expression of the American peo wrong it is all I desire to do; aad I expect that he wouldafter their own fashion concerning toe>r which we live, thai any sove gray hairs lrazc tasnh. even if we have to call oat t&epie in sympathy wtth the Italian cause—none that gives tbe key note of tbe popular feeling. We do not wish to have •.'!<.- compatriots in Italy (let me call them so) hear the Ame- rican sentiment from ether than truly American voicea Wi uc not what to have those wbo are more iaiereeted in the r "r.tecaBce of particular rulers in some p>rovtnce of itsiy than in eatabhshing Uberty throughout that pemnsuia, f • grre roke to the sentiment cf America—the genuine sen- timent of Amenta—which a that of infetgncd and strong sympatrv with tbe cause of constitutional liberty in Italydo the earn*! for me. and. therefore, he cannot blame me (Much laughter ) I have aa.-i that an account of ail tha will go to Italy Tbe world a now electric To Baaed breasts and to many it will go with a throb, aad to others it will pose aa earthquake, shaking and agitating kiags and tyranta (Loud applause.) For. although itBaa been said that one swallow does not make a summer we know that when all tbe swallows make their appearance it is a precedent of summer Attt I think there are plenty or swallows appearing to Italy now to show that summertwtfB. *, aaad the rrtrtnuaai m Beaaoaaa, tbam acrail aaai mvtrajMa aaal waw aaaaiawiMnm oito *»raa»eiLt upaa too Oaoaacf 1B4«_• k t i w i ta« aovaraaaox-ia o( araat Jfctaui and i declared taeir recogntBoB ofaaaliaiii « may tomajs Pvwa* to iotce•*he wieH the mateni; forces of the world arc compelled x respect. H a an invisibk. a sprtttusi powsr; hut it ptceuaiea to the council chambers of tyranny, u hangs w t h parslyzirg weight upon the arm of the hireling reidkrs; it animates the freeman's heart sad hraces bis frame; no mler is so ttrc-ng >n material re- ecuicea aa to ce ceyend its reach; every advaace in • .v'iiaaon grrcs it tieeh influence. 1am net disposed to v\trtatteaVt tt^ I m ^ f ' A ^ pf such meeting* as that * k h you propose to twos, hut Italy m xauly S t W h t woid if sympathy from this great country, which,in(rives and we may hope that the tune is sot far uusuat «b«x wc tta!lse»i them a united, Feai-eful,protptrcuaaad bappy na ion.and the fruit of it. But where there a a tpirii. of civil ed B Jar freedom, aaat 1 tendaev » aabuaal tyraaart-te•a* m i n t > « t f » i ak*A*a—their pretest endea« or to regain the ancteat glorias ef their toe chrae the rlgnt of eaaactoaaa fn» *«C|- JJ,^ every f u nlud (Loud ekeeia.) la tfie worda of a dieting-land :•(:•• tna'itre ct :*::r: ate- a - ooeneBt j v iBteratihgieArekbaitop cf America, we "revere jtattice and truth, as 'CrVaiaftMta1 f^rar&BMtr* with cvi! affiura, whether it be common with all the c.vi jzed world, owes ao much to.iwerebytaettEet—(applause1—wechenafcbothforour in1arttaa,preJste,Freslyter—xiorPope,youaioaoeher.Shallaotwe.whowerebenfree,atretehoataverynnallfife—{laughter)—but,sir.itis,Ihope,tunedsympathyIdonotsayhowwearetoespreasouramongtheaattoatoftheearth. Taedayitaijostthus to oustafree"mevery desired to exprets his views on a popular question; bat the force of public opinion was to stroog against the mtroder tost tbe sympathy of the minority had not ahaar' The first feeling of every isaartota aheaid be «mbodied ia a prayer far oppressed •Sahara May God grant their petitions and crown their aaaato wtthfor liberty. Now let us apeak, for 1 am called to amongst you. and I am glad to ace my words aredown. I never expected to have anything to aay to a yfn<»nd aad coadjutor—the Pope. (Laughter and applause. 1Say to hmi—for I know he will read shout that that abrother minister of that city wiejass aha well. I do not to it, IikeABtonelli. but I hke the Pope. (Laughter) Be has think yon bad advisers, ana what aaan will not doSwhat a wrong Baas aftoislightest effect to keeping him to hia place. He was there fore most sntaasaautiisaarj ejected tor the second time after another desperate bat perfectly useless struggle. Order being restored, Prafeaaar Haas argottided as fol- lows:—We have aaat here tonight aa freemen, to expressmirnoaaof worlds.by the lovely |abtarea I brought away from your country.For the mat twelve years I have watched with aainterest, second only to pear own, her eventful hiswry. It a aot mere-y toe partial tosBaa ef a friend our opiniom, aad if there ie a disturbance we nbut the calm Judgment of a diamiereated observer, which eerily put ewt toe man who makes it. 1hope theaftirma that the coneuct and attttede of the Italian people of tke meeting will aaw go aa. Allow aw to aay asince the pease of YUiafraaoa daserre sad have wan the words to you, and it te not my porpcee to say many. A when he heats bad advice» (Renewed laughter.) This by theadmiring sympathy of the friends of freedom all over the very dietmgaasaad aad etoqneat speaker has just add rsatwi will sR be read of to high places, sad aot cely to high ty T Iworld. Tbe people of Italy have shown themselves yea, sad I have no such canto myself, bet I will, at place*, but, what a of much mare importance, to low that we owe to Italy to my worthy of the blood that hows ia their vatoa. Aad they least, not be an obstacle in the way of others. place* It will be read of in all the herniate Bad vilkeas of tbe pulpit have aaost bare tbown this by the dhtohvy of rare qualities, such as I second meat cordially the resolutions watch of Europe. It win be read by bias who can read, aad it deeply they are terttkaU to[htortoe strength—this aerese fortitude—is all the more admirable made her for ages tbe spoil of the oppressor," has, never them a goad massage to night, sad to aaad itbe&xam there w in it no aliov of apathy or inaeoeibility thelaaa, always mamtamod her hoi l upon the hears of in moderstiCB. that it may be received, aot as theIke Italians are a arnaati ve, haeiy organiaed people, quick- the people of the world. Italy calls upon as enthusiasm of a few faaatioal mea, bat s s toe eathasi-ly regponarrc to the touch alike of pleasure or pain; pa now—upon us freemen, to the possession of liberty—to astic utterance and the common feetiag of the whole ceptioa. I was la tha u-1;..-* seems act with them a quality indigenous to tbe bear her out to her present struggle—to eefid her over the United States. (Loud applause.) Let as say to oar ago—I looked forcerojc GaToans cf Victor Kaaaaaei, Ktog of Sar-., k. the caoae of fcftha* ^.lepaadeace. (applauat.l bat been scodurd by the law in the mind. They have Applause.) la there aught to withhold s s from freely liberty. Still, tell them we were never so much to love nous tek scopeaaafulry cu mated it Ic them the law in the member* Nothing under the sun ia free from evil, n:t even earthly The spirit efIa«a»atf«*o<Mti«>aeatia*.ia«at«it u, the great priaciate taker counsel of their reason, and act cf their impetuous uttrriBg our seatinwnts in favor of the struggle of aucn a with ours as we are BOW to-day—that it in the root of Tower of Pan. »c«i«*ii»»itaa« e « w eaaeat a* eectu* r aCalra ie de- blood. They have rulea their own sptrit, aad their'a » a people—a peopie who bave cone ao much for literature our manhood and intelligence. (Renewed applause.) had stood aad aate,' I will*tfuet'«e ef .'tawlaaa «f caaaotoajee, imlnpriiihnnii of tptrit cot easily ruled. and jurisprudence, and by whose labors the world has And such is the irradicable nature impkaied in maa itself to proof of my doctrine UMM|U:. air., the patit} «f r*l*;os. That aeeea BO argo And this attitude cf tbe ltalten people has wrought its been ennchec'- £haU we refuse to scad up a voice of en that there a still an aspiration after and a reaching to uaapbed. 1 looked iCiaen i Bui ibe nuast. altoaatoaa at toe fope Vgtft aat* Trsutte. I* has f cured for th#.m & larg* mea ccuragement aad a voice ot cheer' (No, ao ) God forbid. fiberty—human liberty. As the tuber, which remains ia for eaaturtes. wtth alltatiMki* tht tliieatargtaBCBi « i u reference «> uue raeo- •ore of eympatby and re«pe<:t ao*! Baore lh*n lh!s; it i.et usaay to tkem, "Our hearts are wtth you—pur sym darkneaa till It makes its way out t&rcogfi the nwuuea the other magnificent f"sKos Hi excreoKa bie anp -:sb at tteiUnrer «f goaia »M '*£ »a«attdgra\« men—met col un-ler the control l&tbies are with you—aad .fit might be—our arms are snd pores of the earth, so the people cf Italy were op- toat toad. Bat tke;isb-*tronPiedpreratoea—<taagh*ar)—woere <.*ftfctlr«m«.-ticB«andtheirteaeibiUtiee—toth;conciusion *itbyoualto.'*(Greatapplause.)Weclaanforall presseduntilGodhastakenthemoutofdarkaeaiand slavery.ItawthereikieauiJ wi .<*»« aJhKt tAe purty «l that a people wbo harr shewn so svtch patieare aan self peopie the utatuct possible liberty, sad froaa as of all danger, and led them Into the Ughi, by the paths which wbo did not bekag to laary 1t^rirg* and avowed tr wslK aion* Kwecgth, depeads upon cur nationality—upon our linics— brought to light ia full btHiancy when millions of men we who lose Union and mean to preserve >t bssd themselves together for their common rights aad »r*fctrntateftfer-lastsummerinEcgl*nd. TbeEs* igaintt attacksfrom within and without—we who theirinviolateprotection. Itto,then,whentheyband ! tb as yeu know. are a gecercus people,but ntt verv e.\ know that the pypuiar arm will maintain it— together wtth one assurance that we gee what liberty is. pned:.; j*t{£j*. Ue dea>f«a ta iearner the Roeoagna in ehabl-e* enihssiaatk'. iheirevmpathieaarc&otmcvecbya ^hjetcr may taiusa) it—we wbo know the But nothing m this world grows for nothing, and it is ia Mdar iha; h* a*y aaaaaaatoaaa ftaaa >t toesii pee'ueaUai !|iL; J'-utt; cut among all those wbem :t was my fcrtun<; value ci union—shs1.: we not tsy to the Italians. "Be the rrcrcrticr to tbe value of a thisg that we wr>M£s. Tb«laaaaciit*u<4«aaatk*]aeihurifshouldfee tom*et,jeengandetc,liberalandcourteous,1foundbut' njttd.andJOBwillbefree." TheyaskBOssore. Aad must work to procure n. And to proportion torajta^tad. thcx.ue press ao^d g«>dawn, and freedom of thuughirfauid b* atifiad. aau :r«e*Manoi conauexce.as fer kg j>oe*..ble r.rot,b:t><f The r»*.-?uiMaE father caiiaear liberty!" Thank Go that day 1 cbeere)—that glory has rtese open Haly, aad the now nr.es in tae graadear that belongs to Ini;«- Ue!itij5 <.f interen in the Italian cause, ae<t of respect have the iiaafisa of the present day not shewn that m the difficulty cf procuring it do we prise aad preserve it.u.i acmlratitm fcr the cotitic: ami people of Italy: and iltir veins ruga the blood cf their forefathers-, aad, aa But wc ail U(: tse necessity of viailaBce to protecting ourri* nkl there be any titerflpt to force rpon thsm a form their « untry'was once under the reign of freedom—toe l.ber'.ttg here, aad the store that every ooe feels liberty upon that magnificent ptettorm wnacbBBV. DR. EEXLOWS' ?PKKCn. Rev Mr. BMaoww WM tbe next speaker.Tbey bare prayed aad waited aatU it that ttapsir had creakad tonow. I say to them, My friends, rise' We givewhen you auppose that my sympathies are with Italy in performancea of European nationalities, during thirty it is coming. (Loud applause.) 1 think 1 have tbe righther present noble struggle. If I do not at'.end the meet- ) ears. han- keen very stimulating tc faith or encouraging to whet my knife on the French Emperor Louie Napoteon.•sg at New York, according to the invitation with tc hope We have had our sympathies sroused by the Ether he loves liberty or he does not. I like to sneakbirthday. OB that occatiop tbe sew eagunder Capt. Walton aad Sergt Tarnbdll, will makefirst parade. Company E, for many years under the able command of Capt Waterman, but who reeeaUy res gaed,which 1 have been honored, it ia because other duties here keep me away.Tc the cause of human freedom everywhere I am bound by-ait ties, whether of feeing orprinciple. ToItaly,also— venerable, yet ever young with thst fata! gift of beauty, which from ai! time she has worn—! confess a sentiment ofloveandreverence,Iamaoxrawfnlinhersorrowand happy in her happiness.Surely by her past history, and all that Italy has done for human improvement, we archer debtors. Withouteriorts cf the people of Europe, and oae after cne we have a word for him, and while 1 can apeakseen those struggles die out fruitlesaly We gave favorabry of him I think 1 will do i tcur sympathy to Greece—we gave our sympathy t) leal the opportunity might pass forever. (Renewed will parade (or the first time under the command of Capt Hungary, when Kossuth (cheers) with a tongue hke a laughter ) Admit that he cares for nothing but soccesa.sword, dripftag one side with honey sad the othe Oh! what an interpretation of tae public mind of Europeside with honest blood, spoke to oa in behalf of that cp- to tbiSk thai such a man has to subjec. himself to theprrtserfpeople (Applause) Wegaveoursympathies universaldesireforpopularUberty. Forwhenweknow haveanentertainmentattbeAraaoryoverCentreMarket, t<. Fraace when that magic tri color phrase, "fraternity, that the mighty milhons are for liberty it matters Litel'.«i»iaiity, Laberty," was macri'oed on her oanners and whether the grand few are for it or s o t (Applause, iwritten on all hearts (Applause.) We have been wait I: he is in favor of liberty, so much the better; bat Iticnr There is no art or scsenre, or activity or grace in which she has not excelled and led the way. If Iweat into details I mutt mention net only sculpture, painting, engraving and musk, but also astronomy, oavi gaticn, bookkeeping an 1 jurisprudence; snd I must pre- sent an array of great names, such as no other country can boast And to all these I must add the practical dis-Lberty up to this hour, and I cannot aay that our hopes side of freedom in Europe. So that, as I said before, inacre of time.To the political skeptica an4, xfilels, who aliect to doubt the capacity fcr freedom of th-a iHusfriOus people, 1 would ray that luiy, m mciern times, was the ear:;«tt home of political science, and the earliest author of some ef tcoee poiiiical truths whkh have amce pass*I into principles.»occ aarrrvBtjoc, from My quarter, in Use affcrs of Ceo- at » member ef the great Italian confederal on of free Besides, divided into separate acre re:gn Saws, with s<*pa •-utai hoerta which lu.y fia- ev.nceo. (Lueert ) Loon that makes it dangerous to live there It a tha dangerI'iutttu- Vtuum—and coaatitutiBg tn* United States ci to all sppesrsases, a very stuoecrr man. sad Italy. And may God speed th* go*-»l timeiti us rejoioe,aot besause we ar* iTateatact^, i>nt (•clause we are free fiten—that Tour I'.-r-tettantcongregaUOfit wer thip at Fioreace w:thout hindrance. (Cte«rt.); Thaaa are great things, aa-i ptc-uiaim high hepea fcr Itiiy, the in ?>iedmon' are should see. net the eownfailicf Roman 'jathohcism (for none of us tfeare tnst uaMJt-tod't own tisne taali com*} but the downlallot eccfeeAalicism,as ercusitv decaauu of the (iaad cttoa thea arose of "Put kiss out—p-at bos eat") Mr. Brock here defied any man to pat ham eat, aaa waa aaaramtog hto arms about in tokea ef a tlnai miaslwii boldly to raatat any atoaasam toAccepi the asc>»anc* of the respect with which I have the Lvuvr to be. aenOemen, fa:iLT-J'', yours.CEABLEs STJMN-EB.Camp at the head of Noeeet river. Second Linliaaat MM. Kktsaaet,Beeoadeswralry.FROM TBS BOV. B. J. MOBBI8.expel ham, when, to the twatkltog of aa eye. he was GatiTuusas— 1 regre. that omcia. engagamenu will pre *kjch has eapeiieft uoerty o; roascience (Cheert.) T>i*Caaap Verde, Mater S. P. Hemtsermao, Seeaad eavakry, First satoatry.drrer haaawaf ftaaa toe grip of Bataoes-ia the aaMat of lead appmass, sad con iucted downat a rate that mast have tcrctbry laiminiail htm of rail- by the Secratar.. are therulu ap-LETTEBS TO THE ITALIAN COMMITTEE. A.regret any laahibty to addrato the t/t llaUatTaeC IftttCpsBfiaAafeftCC tO tti^aaitfeel a deeper interest in their cause periods, years _ the people ef NorthernBaly, aad aaviag asaa much of them, mdiy to thetr , taetr atalngeace aavt taatr moral excellence. 1 favorably: to all respecta, with the c" CcBBaental Bbrope which have far a mag ef years awed under majat'tullnaal forma of go»rrameat Ba ferae upoe aach a people rutora orproa, in behalf of Italian aationaSty and freedom.The aspirfeikms of the Italian people ior liberal forms cf government, with their seecomitaat l-Ieetings of freedomof tpeech.ci the press sad of conscience, deserve, the sympathies cf every friend of liberty and humas rights. die people have coaTrbuted more ti the gaaeral wauare ci mankind than tae hahsaa To them we are lr.derasafor the dacovery of America, for the early diffusaon of Set leva and arm, ana for examples of every form of puouc vwtee sad political excellence.and every rear we shall stake our furrows longer, tin the iaru a purred and cultivated throughout Be length aad brrsdth. Annre.whur.itwouldbe,difficult tog*' a united message trcm America, yet we are ready, when the qaeat f.i, ot liberty ccmes up, divested of a" reiigjoes feeling ar t..as on one K-.C. or the other. There is no difference of opinion and tbe answer comes to the call in ite behalfrtrst tefaatryFort tog*, Beeoad Uesteaast W B BAseifantry.Camp Lawton, Captato A. T Lee, ftecondcavalry ,1tofaatry.CaasBjYftesokaasto.Caytotoflto jatakaa,Bsrktotofaatryw aaa otnerifraa- vest me from participating in ycur manifestation cf ltihs sot a matting ebere Prctestant is to b* arrayed agaiart CasBouc, or (Athene against Provsunt , bit .1 is aimp:y a meeting of freemen to denouncer <i**fvii&m, and to claim for all the romptete aad iBdepeadenl right of thinkisg in regard to ail subjects, and iu O^IHW.LOC to ihote who eeetrc-y and oppress that liberty. I rejoice, ?ir. in my iamosi heajt, at being able to say that I share in no vulgar prejudice that would enter mi^aereairc i.K-cus raid against the Roman Catholic religion cf thisEndowed wan quxx aad active mtetters, tbey bavesewer tailed so asaaifeat their suuerior.ty s s a people wesnever toe fetters of despotism have been broaea, anil theyhave been permitted for a time to enjoy the principles ofself government. The hustory 02 no nation : strniscas a more with we had, for it has always been fascicatkg from mybrilitaa: page taan teas which reccree the speccia epoch of tbe tuiisr. republics of the Middle Agee^Bestore r.-eedom so the highly ggied Italian race, and the world at htrgcjF'l! be benetti-o by the reappearance an the aaage of acson of a peapte whc. anil uBcmgeaerate. preaerve inc. beat traits cf tbetr imxcruu; ancestors.sarU€ttmeaaory,appeahBgas well to the eye u to taesoul—we aught tee its poUtcal lelati^ae markeel out (aad1 P'TLV i c eemmitlee made * great mistake that they didnot exhibit aaat to us hero—we should See sua thatcountry steads related tc the rest of Europe and theworld—we ahculu see that i. a the centre for allthe European. naucnautes to cluetur urounc.anew its worth. We feel its biesstnga snd advantages,and we know that a!) tbe brotherhood of man is entireiyw.tb BS, and that when occasion requires you have oarhearty prsyerssad sympathy, friends of Itahan hberty and representation*- by tb* said Ratoer B-Ml aad if seed be you shall have that which gives personal1 meat eamestry hope that a new era is sbont to dawn•eging that the paper to which he v*~£*± was mcreiv a power of BtteTBey •TMr*TM_raefiecttog to which I have beta acaered by aa iavitauaa, to be held x SawYctk at taa lTth toat.! can ataare yea that any bear, s sympsth.eswtth ofytm to ail ptaper eiwto tor the aid aad eaeourt,, thepeoplecfItaly. Italy,torich,awanrtoaBiaaarCa>*-l aaani' •^BBBB> aa^sgssssto^aa»Louis Napakoa I sever decre to Uctdpr degree ef pratoe. although I French naettc " Sueceas iaother, tapejajpjaj " theyc he toUntitled Documenth i s i o r j ; * entitled to her BatjcaaJSty, herfiberty. Sawry ttsassar, aaar- patr»t, ttpedaJly every AmericaB SaJWr, asS^asiafJj for the ttoe'SjuichiyMner mdapeadiboater » tfetr Aiff-, WlUih1There which possesses aa oa acquiring gain •promote aa to say, "What good snail spring froma?' wtth*l££r ^aaastoBTaaS ia a grand idea, that a a gisttoat toat all thaaa workto shave aa aretetAtorewnM* ; end »b»e the more merit is theirs for hating so eu^- ocean a greeting of -'All hail"' and "God be with you.'' brethren abroad that we have bean educated ia liberty. ashes I looked Par story, aad Imere than any others try t&e frame and sou! of maa. For bavebeenread Tbe cause is one in which 1 feel ain this life, nototm: is harder than to.wait Even to act sympathy. What cause can there be which eopenisbravely at a toss noble function of the aoul than to endure distinctly to the hearts of freemen than that ot" "calmly. The martyr e palm is a higher crown than the liberty? (Applause.) Italy—as has been so gracefullyherots laurel. And this patient continuance—this silent aad poetically said—"whose fatal dower of beauty has America; sad, therefore, it behooves sa to aaadcountry. I know too many devout Catboics tc enier rrom the AUasttc to tbe Rocky Mountains, aad from thex i any such- thought. (Applause) Add I hvpe *e are a»A, under any d>^..«-v. beie U> pro- mote any reugtaua cists, be it Prctesiac.er Catholic, but to assert (Treat and liberal sentiments ^Applause.)N'trib to the -*...to (Loud and leaf applease ) There * u«i roe angle mate in this greet Tuton which would t o- gisdiy reo.-re Italy aa a renovated aad free nation if the sccemphthed her freedom aa she frees Dronnse ofSir, if «e had a map of Italy here at this mtStent—and I doing. Every State would welcome her with toe sarata-Tbe oprteased naiiunal.f*^ cf Hungary aad Polandas Italy, and taa: from tb» midat sf her divided and COB io«k to Italy to give them as example of Rev. Mr. Beeeher took hte seat amid ringing aad con Miller—to tiamari oertein basmese for ner waa w'.dictmg nahaBahties we are soon to see arise a great aad - ef their own choice, would ha re powerful cation Certain:y BOmns » more wtwthy to beh" t t ' * 1 the mutattoas of tbrtase a "iTLeeaard Watts, wbo one* was otw ef theaaa of aat city that be put hia dollars m an hoar bycf a n test* realB* test thWty-teer Berkshire Railwayby> every gasaatata of toattoa aad hnmaaity a. s bather the peopie of atoto aheUgiiatathamsaliiii, a* wemtoar they shaU bethe head ef sock a nation wan the gallant and chivalr.c YiUoriu Emmanueie, wheae sword has ied the way to Ita- han redemption, and whose policy ai government has coBtrtbuteo ao much to brwg aoou: the present aaspicious ttate ef afibas to Baiy Wtth that purest of patriots and meat Taliaat of soldiers—Geribtud •.—as one of the firmest supporters of his i t ion*, aad surrounded by an army and peopie who have proved thv.r proaeat oa the bioodi- eat teles at the late war. King Eatsauel cannot fail to astaahsh en ax impsegnebie beats a new Italian natius, which will soon take rank among tee first glafes of the world.Moat ardently hopmg that the generous ambtoca of toe Italians may oe realued to its fwiet: extent, ant that the aaa cf freedom may agate rise never mete to sat over the classic land ot tetters aad arms. 1rsaaaaa trary yours,£IWAHD JOY MOBKli.FBQli TUB MOB. L. T. J. GxyfXl«A\—It will be impaaaibte, Bty datita kere, to be prettat at yearheroic, coast:tutioaal, Lberal isstitsGoas ;Appiaute.) That example is immensely wanted, a&l those natioas are waitiag fcr it. If we had a map cf Europe here, we should see BOA only how that boot and that loag leg thrusts itself down into tbe countries where a a so much needed, bat we should see that France furnishes for that leg and boot a mighty paunch— (Laughter and loud cheert) —and on the top of that mighty paaach ae would see that Ergiaac had placed a btt'e round head. (Renewed laagb- >er and applause) I could not help wishing, aa 1 not ced this image on the map, tha: the poitu of the boo «aa the ether way, ahea with one good thru-. it would aaat all oppreaamc from the Iaad. (Catoosa,) Just at thto particular moaaeat tha bootpiachaa very atlach towards the toe. (Lauabtor.) But that a nut the wore oicoii cither, for,aTTvery one who has bad experienc scows, there m a place where t coasts worse atQl (aad wah ahoasaaaers would lake Batons of taa fact, aoi amend), aad toat ia jaat roaad the calf of the kg. (LaugLter.) Sir, that a the place where theltohan boo pinukesmast at Hue time. (Appiasae.) Napwe would b. early dapoard of if the States of thereheved. That a tke plaee where we would wah itin no us applauseSFEECH OF MB. JOSEPH H0J3B.Mr. JosatPB Boxis, oa being introduced, observed that his appearance on the stage waa whatthe aewaaaya would call aa extra (laughter). Tha humble aaaat of auch aaindividual as h.mseif was not to be roaad to the list or da tiegcJeked gentlemen who ware — — « * to address tbe meeting on tha occasion. Bat aa ate reverend aad kved brethren bad thought it right tometsaget to ltely-not forgetting theof the church— (Saugtter)—hethst the laymen of America afaculd ates hare _ say ia raptdlj that It rending their sympathies to tbe fJItaly. (Appkaae). like pulpit had^ Bs«atocte duty; bat kt it aot be sapposad that>wss oau^arehtpewaBtevwaa^artete^oB^fttliBf, aad that ao —* "•" save those whichThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com|ilWaBMa^*^a>will be beard by these who cannot read aad who can ealy fine: bat we owe them stilllaten.forGodmakea the eye aad the ear bothto communicate iBformation and intelligence to theAll people will know that there at a voioe< fromwe have of taa heavenly bodiesnight that taat waa taa teadofup to SBBSSSSBBtaa taawliaaB of taato taa world knowledge of those «has tetprttaed asaa statetr, By which taa governed, to which man had ao preliberty without a apirit of feeling for others who aa aatet- toy It there ia no ripeness. It • not in the million. Forwherever the frutt a sot ripe the aaad does not tall, batwhere it ia the teed falls and spreads and begets hberty,ss e tree's seed begets its species "(Cries of "Bravo,"Ac.) The hour in which we forget to support tke prto- joy. Tke tame baa cease when tyiaaayaaas aiplet of freedom, when the occasion requires our aid, aamongst a great maay other and mere acceptable gentletci n, to testify the very ttroag and earnest interest Ihave in the oMtct of this meeting. My words most bererv few, for 1 know how impatient you are to hear thosewbocarrv the trumpets. (Applause) Ib.owsimpiya ciaim that Americana feel for them the deepest your freedom—to rke sad aatert yeartbe near in which we shall be is a swoon or death struck.And there is not a village or city to Europewhose people cannot lift themselves up sad pro- world to anas aad art aad hterasan to nee iFast Brown, Caatoaa J. B. Btokatte, First infantry.I n t e L U a t c n e e . The Albany atsaaaaaa says that atateaata lished some weeks since in retard to a deedMr Batger B Miller from Mrs. Bteadtoa Dodley watch deed she conveyed a targe perttea of her Batger Bteecker Milkr, Jr. Mrs. Dodtoy has cosf « c . ( " i i : bail tc Italian liberty"' (Applaaat.) Thto proceedings in the Supreme Court to have tote aaad a our message! We have been reared to liberty. We astde. to her swore twoaptetot she sets forth aaatapplication to fraternal sympathy.it rightof eobfe and its i, thisspirit oa < tog to Bftsf the steeliest of these ^ap^toe°ea!atvtoauPope, but to the trashed sad baveoppress you. Come op, aad be, men. aa Gad i youtobe. 1call upon you again, by the glories ef ancestry—1 call upon you by tboae wbo have iAkx. Ftaaer, whose merits aaa atdllfal miutary offloar while to tbe Second regieseat aeed ao eoaaasaaatottoa from us at ttate time After the parade tbe regteaaat wii,San Aaaaato, J B King, Fourth toaaatiry.though the deed beers her signstore it waa aatbet cor deed She tUtet that her aasae was procuresto by imposition snd by fraudulent «*<^'|Je*i'al  