 Teatintlion.Tbomas H. C. KiaesitTBT, of FrankUn —HoBACB Tatiob, of Vcmon.:.-t .» ryOL.IX—NO.9093.NEW-YORK,THURSDAY,FEBRUARY16, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.IliH tlM MtliAiaglOIBBiTK CH08SN IN THE HOUSE. BIIX8 AND BESOLUTTONS. facial Oiapalob ta tha Ifa«-Tork Tlmaa.Wmanvnai, Wedneadar. Feb. 15. Tke Basate h«Ting dlapoaed of the Poat-oSce Defl- ataaey blU, broagkt forwaid and paaaed almost unaa- iBfMt^jitaiUjiboUwUiKtliefraaUngpriTllaga. it xy.MM'taftMMk* Bhw waa Independant prapo-4MM. tatwSt ttar«W taitVtealeetioB of Prlntar again himg fire to-day, butof lacceu on the tat bal- iqifk-morrow. ThechancesareIn[tmxoftheHe- pabUean nonlBee. Tbe printhig has, kowerer, been aoTsttlppcd of plunder, that the price is regardedable to the nomlaatlon of SrarBBB A. I^olas for Preaidentmorning, havinglitigation might have been fairly supposed at aa eaO.and, excepting, todeed, for a partlcntor and nataa-would, donbtlea. hava misaloners charged with toe duty of cntttnaaa baoa-teiloosobetacls. BxactlyoppositethepototatMtfeipaitlesare «^"t"'"«Mr.notice, under the rule, that he would hereafter In- troduce a bill to do equal justice to all the States.aaator Baiear required ^Ko days to reconcile theMr. Campsbll. of Pennsylvania. (Rep.,) presentedtbe resolution of the Legislature of favor of a protective tariff.aipointBest eiaace.of such a Committee to his own con-PennsylvaniaWABHUtOTOH, Wednesday, Feb, IS.The President having approved ot the Post-officekill, H ia therefore a law as amended previous to itsyasaago. It appropriates 94,200,000 for supplying thedaidenejr in the revenues, and defraying the ezpeniesof the Department ending with June last ; #4,000,000towards the support of the Department for thefiscal year ending with June next ; and a furthersum of $2,400,000 tn payment of the salaries•f eflleers and clerks, transportation of themaOs, vrrapping-paper, bags, stamps, Ac. In- terest at the rate of eIx per cent, per annum, toBraaBAmea, Wednesday,— Feb. ISP. M.group We have said toat we ahould be todlsposed to ralyiBtkeBeMUc.elevaUrepgSer.atedhSISt.oJ!i„^h*f.,^hope extinguish toe fire athighwaterthls^PruklBg tlM Ptued.Priyilegt (orareeonslderatlon." ^tbat It will be but others say insured,TWs qplfearance of the Mexican treaty in the Naw-Taaa Tmaa of this morning produced no little stir attke ITatlonal Capital, among poUUcIana. Some swore tkatthetreatybadbeenstolan,othersthattherewas passfreebymall." Carried.Coagressional ;ka4 f^th among SaaatorsTnoi was nagniieent on treaties.;;entitled tothe frank-the Com-palish church of St George's-in-4he-East goes,Onr Soverament tctt properly exhibits some sensi- ttvaaess at the charge made in the British Parliament, thatInfamous cruelties and atrocities exist. The XafUshGovernmentaloneImrefiponslble. TheliOn- torn CatdBet has time aad again relused to conclude a Caaaalar Convention similar to that between the Halted States and France, by which cor Consuls at »t"''' ports would be authorized to arrest and pun- lah tkoae who commit the outrages complained of. Mr. SiiUB has been all the time authorized and anx- looatocenalndesuchaconvention. Nordoesour GusiiB—ntbelievetltatLordJob>Rcssaixhasanytakenthe Govenmient It was, ;but all agreed that thenow;we believe it wouldLord Gbabviub was unable to state what would cute it accordtog to toe American proposal, Aceoid-yetbe the exacthowever, his decided opinion that it was the duty ofIdaa of concluding one now. Strange, if these PoLX waa given the privilege as a complimentMr. Hamlui proposed to withdraw his motion if shewas the only named. personMr. CAMiaoB thought they had better strike allThe amendment was then rejected.Mr. Fowiu, moved to amend the substitute of the Committee so that the law take effect on the ISth ofaliuilUfea exist, they exist only In vesselsentering Sngllift ports. We hear of no similar complaints out.On the question of appointing a committee to Invae-ftcB otba quartera,Hco. Thoiui Hunucn arrived here thisa severe storm of rain (he transmission of the news has been delayed until now,OAttrOBNIA.Judge Mc-\iii8TBB, of the U. S. Circuit Court, onOn Btateafternoon, andreportaIndianaalmostaunitforDooous'nom- April. Agreedto.L. Smith of Speacefof Tompkins, J. i: Mastell of Scke- necUidy, Sturges Cary of Broome, ^d WhippleClark of Madison.On yatimuil Orgain'zaticii-Erastus Brooks of New-York, Jra L. Little of Cortlandt W^. W. Englo of Steolien, George L. Ames of Saratoga, and J. C. Rob- bie of Broome.Onthe Jdirett,iaatloB at Charleston.Ifigor BiSLiB, Quartermaster's Department, re- tnmed this evening from "West Point, where he has keen serving on General Conrt-klartial for the trial •f cadets.Seilar Ocuao will not arrive here till the middle of arch.Soaiar Ssmlm kai almost entirely recovered aoialaefthe aeaatry.burned, involving a loss of £30,000.The Army and Navy Gazette says that Lord Clvdbhave been establUbed, it would certatoly not foUarw toat toe Island toereby t>ecame any more ftmsrtnaabefore. Now,Gen.HAaaaraot»« kk Me attack.From the Aaaooiated Press.gomcry. AmongThe same journal says that an addition of men toe claimants. These events broogfat toe ule af StM.^LostMr. Masob withdrew his amendment.Mr. TauiiacLL, of DUnols, (Republican,) moved aa a new section '* that publishers of newspapers be al- lowed to print on the same the date of subscriptloD." Rejected.bill wastwo voting against It, Messrs. Hsmpbill and Wusin- BOB, and S4 In favor of ItpromJnentEbabtubto olfacttoe actual claim pointQ.- Mr. CajnuniiB, of Kentucky, (American.) moved for the 22d ofAmericans arewill be made to each of tke Infantry regiments at home and in the colonies, exclusive of India. The addition resolved on is 1,400 men to the brigade, or 200 te each battalion.**Juan toto notiee as toe bone of contnitlon, altimii^k«ter In which the service was rendered, but In no caseto the 1st of Hay, 1639, to the present date, shallbe paid on aUsnms found to be due the contractorsfor carrying the mail. The interest shall be paid onlyto the contractors themselves, in full of all damages ry to admission Into the Union. Referred to the Com- ky taason of failure or delay in payment No Interestis to be allowed on payments for the last quarter snd-iag with December last. A svim for this purpose isappropriated.Bush and SuUerstreets, consuninf five wooden at (20,000, and considerably dam-tward, for,crew, numbering [30,2S second-cabin shoald be regulated ratoer by mutual utility aadpriorvaluedaging the new Musical Hall.there were aboutworkofanineendlaiy, aadgreatexcitementhasbeen terntkeholdIn^eforepart of theship,and,despite believe toat tbe course actoally pursued by oarThe Select Committee appointed by .the Speaker ofIke Hvsae to Inquire into and report on printing and Mr. Bococx, of Virginia, (Dem.,) had heard severalbinding reforms. Is composed of Messrs. Grow, that an election was gentlemen saythe 22dto take place to- Qaarlss, Burnett, Walton, Florence, Hoard and day. He wished to know whether that agreementuntlmo, with Oregon dates to the 12th, Wash- ington Terrltorr datei to the 13th, and British Colom- bia to the 16th.A rote of thanks was passed to tbe officers, when the neeting adjourned.the fire tmder Mr. and, tooughbrigade, Superintendent Hawm, Haro or Rosario Strait is neretthelets naTigaide.eorlcj.Coaaeacing irith next week there is te b* adaoMr daily train by the aonthwestem route from Waahtn^tontoNew-Orleans,insteadof omeaahere- lofora.wasonlyon one side.Mr. Sbbxhab and Mr. Babusaib severally said thatIt was the general understandii>g. Mr.WiLSOB'smotionwaadisagreedto.FraB Blexlea.ABTAXCI Oy MIBAXOn ON TEIA C!BrZ.embarked In two of the Liverpool Tug Company's boats. The ship apparently was deluged with water, but the flames increased, and at o'clock burst out of the fore-hateh, and soon afterwards she seemed to beIn its course it cute off toe Isle of San Jaaa alms to toe west snd consequently leavea us with thia island OBly, while the Americana will retato the remahider. So considerable, to <kct Is tha eoof cession tous made, toat It reasonably suggeili a little eompensatloB, and we believe toe AamleaaThe House then procseded to vote. Tka National Convention of the Sons of Malta Whole number of votesenvelopedcommenced Its sessloB here to-dar, the object being a Necessary to a choicen nia, United States Senator, In May next Cot Bakbb g*gg was to leave San Francisco, to take up his future resi-Cruz dates te the 10th Inst tle her. The gun-boat Beamew was brought along- side, and fired several shots into tbe vessel, but with- MiBAaoB left the City of Mexico on the 8tb for Vera out much effect The crew, hoHerer, succeeded in scuttling the vessel, and she was beached on the sand between the muaziues and New-Brighton. Thecertain coast headland which the 4eto paraUel now cuts to two. We do stocerely hope that tola reai»D- able propossl will be accepted. It appears to us to answer all those purposes of mutoal coovealaaeawhich toe contemplated. Tha treaty originallythorough rerlslon of the laws and ritual of the order.DefreesGloesbiennerMessis, Ethuhmij and GiiaiB voted forThe Senate other yesterday, amongnominations, aoDfirmed Pmup Faux Tbokab, of Maryland, aaGaiu &dence in Oregon, by the next steamer, which gives a color of truth to tbe rumor.A fire at Oregon City had destroyed buildings be- longing to Hr. Habbit, valued at (20,000.The Ortgortian has a report that Lieut Mitllxb's command had completed nearly three hundred miles of the wagon road between Walla- Walla and Fort Benton, on the Missouri River. They ware snowed in about the 20th of In Bitter RootCruz, with S,000 men, and his advance guard was re-Commissioner of Patents, andTaanwtee, as Treasurer of the United States.SENATE. Wjimnoioa,Wedneaday,Feb.IS.The Chair said (the reading of the journal kaviagoeeapied the moraiaf hour) the first boslness was the special order, being the bill to prohibit the lane of bank notes of a certain deaomlnation In tha District of Cobiabla.portedBridge.ofrendered theMr. Maaev, of Ylrglsia, (Dfan.,) from the Harper'swould vote against it.mwer la the Senate to compel the attendance of these man.The resolutton was adopted by Yeas 4«, Nays 4. TtaoMTotlnK In the negative were Messrs. B»a-proposesaaa, Hau, Scaasa andMcsars. 8awAaj> and Kiso both voted alErmatively.will no doubt be Immense. The Endyimon had only overlook It nor affect not to see it It proves the ex-Toombs.Mr. Tooaas, of Georgia, (Dem.,) made antion of his remarks ofthat if aa FugiUvo Slave Law wasmade one voyage from New-York to this port She had a large and valuable cargo, consisting of ma-must stand under Its shadow. It tells of sixteen tl""," TMSIAa dselaloa of the Called States Court dlctlon.leagueoutlawCoarrrtAS.•qoeace ofthe ship beingTnik.whea Eng)«d»«'^"»'^ ^SSTtesotake the upbill for the reUef of the widow of Gen.vrill sell at ing nhc;ait anda brisk fire of qoaiTdUBg""'"» F.Smith.The bin proposed to '""'^ <>PP«e it, and its fartherThere is a moderate demand from the country for all goods. The recent movement tn provisions IsAt the time we go to press, the fire is still ragingon board the vessel. We are informed thai a seaman keeping upnamed Caort discovered the fire In tae forecastle, and gave an Immediate alarm, but the flames immedi-alpleasatlc nates dugustedreports, petitlonaIng,;andam went down agato, and ahtos sent out to surveyJudge RoirL»,ofrecedingthe tide, however,scuttllagwill secure the Rosario Channel to thent-ident of the Senate Issue warrants for the arrest of arrangement, and would vote for Dsruis, having as- Messrs. gAnoan, Jobs Baowa, and who surances that the prices of the printing would be soVancouver had been defeated.Resolutions had unanimously passed both Housesof the Legislature Indoralng Geit Habbit's action la the San Juan affair.BKITISH COLVMBIA.Right Rev. Bishop Hnx had preached his first ser-human iKidy vras found In a ravine near Scranton low. The bowsprit was shortly afterwards bnmt compromise.Jr., RasrizH,kad refused to obey the summons of the Committee to testify, and bring them before the Senate to answer(orcaatampt_Mr. Hiu, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) said ha South Carolinian.The BteaBcr Flymaath Sack. BosTOB, Thursday, Fab. JS.No accident hasmo%tk Xock. She was aachored off Hunter's Point for a short time last evening to enable the engineer to examine the '*shut off." Her passengers came through to this city this «omIng.The importotion of cotton into this coaotry has,He believed tharswas noa first-clssslishing Collegiateto the steamerjesierday. He had not said unconsUluUonal,22d, TkalclUT, Magoon,from Boston shiptoose mills, sixteen "»=»the action of Wisconsin waspend on that. A SUto Court coum not Interfere withOtte,bark IV^iMelmma, for Melbourne ^as a "short ship."Mr. DooLima, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) said he would argue the qneation at the proper time. He regarded It aa an absurdity to say that the United States CourtMr. HocBTOK wanted to ask athey will be forwarded on tination in the J. Foster, Jr.; next to their des-'and bills of a private na- Mr. Cijiaaos, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) moved toin the hold if it had broken out a orhad jurisdiction if the law is unconstitutional.and mess atThe trade are notand, dayIt teaches us to a denly to disappear. penarara toVariousture were presented.holdingrefined quotes at I2iic'M3c. for circle crushed.shoes, at No. 2S Pearl-street this city, havefor the ship would then have probablr been far away from land. The cause ot the fire cannot yet be ascer-Ite beneficent operation makes It fTimtlll tn as to dealAgreed to.plate Mis. Smob on the pension roll at fifty dollarsMw)'n,o.l.e*^"nouncement of the vote. mimbe^ ISilDefreesNaval.Noarou, Wednesday, Feb. IS.when one fine morning theit, inland suddenlrpar moath, *'i.''^'*^f01 80a"*°""''^*mSL -S^e i.S.V.P"?"'atelyof the vestei are completely destroyed,hildaccupied.Ss^uSr^Ji«nid T"among them a b U by Mr. Blaeka. Moaaiu., lands fortot Boston.Itapncara that.„ j , ,. ,. a mistake was committed to beach-TWeWJiarOTesentedthe resoluUoasof the munl- ^*^*!??5X.K.S*.°'««'°»n. protestlna ajialnst ike paiaage of the bill to prohibit ihiTI-tr^^i^^^rpaMTaeSeyg.Hnadonatingpromotion of the arts and IS.ao near the shore. When the tide re-« ^-^rat tag ^e Aatl-tight.It did not de-The Speaker said Hr. Hamiltoii had a right to change ma vote.Mr. GAajTSTT appealed from the decision.The Speaker directed the name of Mr. Haultob to be called.Tbe Endymionveryfineship,of1,374 tons,havtag jorls-toand produceace notM'- »*"«' resolutions '"Mond'y next.i.„»?,"",r"a'bi°e°r"o'f.°'»» °"lerpreviously adopted,TkeMaryland lieglslatareswd the Free steamers Yorktom, for New-York, and Jt SpauUing, questioninclined to lookThe motion to raeoaatter was loM by icaa. 14Mr. Raiaeus, of New-York, (Antl-Lecompton this dty to-day. It Is the'-TT-rtthatl^ defer iiuaSam the cargo imtil the vetsel has actually proeeedadtaAJJaataaeat af tiha Saa Jaa Frinpu Ionian Xtmn,Jm.K.nays, 42.Mr. Owia, of CallfHitB, (taDgJ aerw aAed thaSenate to proceed to tka umIIiiiTIuu of the bill to abolishtbefraaklagpilTilete. Aaraafito.The firataaseadmaat by tka OMMsittee en Post- oAeea aad PD•^^•ad waa tbat tka law aboIMiiog the fiaakliig prtrllega *o<iM aot aaply to tkose to wane It waa graatad ky aaaa.Mr. Own moved, la aaMBdMcat, flnt during the lesalon of Congress, aad for tklrty dayi before themaetlag aad for thirty days aftar tha a4)oiinaent,iand all members of Congress shall be alknrad to seapDsm.,) Introduced a bill for the Improvemeat of the BndMB Rtrer near Albany, and a bill for the erection ta tlaat city of a Post«ffice, CustOBi house aad Court- house.Mr. Ddiu, of New-York, (Rep.,) olTered the fol- lawlBg :Mumhitd, That the Fostmastsr-fleoeral be, and he hei ebr is. rcoaested to coaimnnlcate to this Bouse ai the earUeat aneUaable period, espica of any and all regnla- tl«as of the PoatOSIee o« lastructiaaaGen. Pbbips, of was chosen President Colebrooke,He remarked on taking the Chair that he had never aeen so universal and deteraalBad a feeling among the Democracy of ConnecUcat as noir to achieve a trlomph la April,An informal ballot for Goveiaor was talen with tkeTheSnppreiiionof the "Univert.'to Franee.the Preaident, Vice-President, Beads af DepaGwM said the object of tbe Commlitee waa to abolishnewspepars sapposedSeyBioar..31S|HearyDeming.San Juan dlfliculty," thanks to the Aof the heavy botdeaa lafaiadiaMa It.Mr. Baaua, of Malae, (Sep,,) Moved tMlrtke oataltercation, it waa de- finallyimt—itfor New-York, for whichshe left last evaning. ttota Havre aad South--j}^^' f".!'*.!??*ih f"l* IMS. Headft'Mttegniiadaf personal convenience.Ir.aad elevenTkeampton, arrived here yesUrdayboundary between toeall fte Ull excwptthe few llaii iiliiilliiliHaIngpiMleHe. He wanted ta aboBati the svstaa tr OMamittce.,Hebelteved tkatlf yea askad iet eoatraMa with the frank-ing privUeaaabollsbecLyea could not get one mill re-ductlOB. The raOTodBI and steamboat lines take every cent that can be gBI^ from the Government, and It made no difference whether they carried a ton ofthe latteron the1st Instnews isHa did not adsloMte It as a measure of eeooomy.portwaa merely a conflict for Oe spoils. was FtaaUagComptrollercelved that toe channel so described coold nottaken. When, however, the actual survey raiaa to be made, It was Ibtmd toat the siq^joaed opsB itiait was blocked to the middle '-'—J-merely the (lovernmeat paying the postage of mem-to Francesured Lord CowuT that the Emperor had no Inten-tion of proposing the annexation. The British Gov- and toat a separate channel was left on eacbiUaagMr. SiaHoHe, of Rhode Island, (Rep.,) wotild stop printed books that overload the mails.Mr. of it might Davis, HIsslnlppi, (Dem.,) thoughtbe well not to take the franking privilege from £x- PreAleats or tkelr widows.and the duties on &lng regulating Imports.Tbe Convention resolved Itself into District Con- Tcntlons, to nominate Dogates to Charleston. They reassembledingeneralConventionats;^o'clock,andup by a groop oftoem. ThattothewestisknownastheHareCka».Mr. WioTAix, of Texas, (Dem.,) explained that tka bill. If not amended, effiscted this.Mr. MoBus, of Pennsylvania. (Independent,) Intro-duced an International pill. CopyrightMr. Fbtob offered a resoludon calling on the Presi- dent for the correspondence between our own and the British Government touching the occupation of San Juan Island ;Bishop of London asked what stops Her Majesty's Govern- ment proposed to take to put a stop to the veryseriouswere taken throtuh toelatter, it would give them aUMr. Haaua's motion was carried.Mr. Masob m<rved to add that " hereafterLipped, —William D. Bishop, of Bridgeport.;to toe British.i fiiniiMlsaiiM.nothing Mr. Powiii, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) moved to amendMr. IvxasoB, of Georxla, (Dem.,) opposed this.Mr. Clat, of Alabama, (Oem.,) wanted to get rid of letters of no consequence. Be received notices of patent medlclDes, abolition documents, Ac.Mr. BsovH, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) was in favor of total abolition or nothing.kir. Hamub objected to the amendment of the Sen-ator from Kentucky.Mr. PoirxiL withdrew his amendment, except as tothe time for it to take effect, the ISth of April, which was agreed to.Mr. Doounu'B amendment was rejected.The question recurring on tbe ameadment of tbe Committee,By Countiesty Wahlon R. West, Tolland County E. A.theAjaal- cans stand out for toe Strait of Haro, need not be eoB- disturbances which have recently occurred in the sidered surprlstog. As far ai the letter of tha treetrbyprovtolnguatpersonslog privilege be excused from prepayment, to take eflect oBstbe ISth of AprILbe simply imiiossibla to exe-Mr. HAMinr moved to strike out the tion to whom tbe privilege Is granted.Exchequer,inreplyto Mr.and attached its name toety, toe whole TkaMr.BisJAMis,ofIxiuisiana,(Dem.,) saidthatMrs.COan, aad on this Island, though it had been teeoaalaad as disputed territory. Gen. HABaay last sumawr lanl- edsbodyofAmericantroops. Weneednetrepeat toe circumstances under which this vlolatiaa otwasthe Ministry were defeated by 28 majority. self failed absolutely to justify the acts on wUck WiLLUH CowpiB will be Hiuistor of Public Works, ke ventured. He asserted that American dtlxeni,The substitute of the Post-office was then agreed to. Mr. Maboh moved to add, that " hereafter nothingAmerican troops to defend toem agamst toe tnenr-pass free In tbe mails."Mr. Cambbob moved, as an amendmentJan. 20 refused to dissolve thenewspaper exchanges."Mr. SxwARD suggested to exempt newspapers as IsDOW done by law.Mr. Camibob agreed to this.Mr. Clat thought It would onlv tend toanticipated.In- creased circulation to tha New-York Trtbttm and BtraU, which would not do much to improve Uia4«.-^Iessrs. Tompkins,to adjourn.of toe Ametleane would, If sustained, have given them agood dealnore than this Island, and our claim would have secured us not only San Juan, but the rest of the be-Theread a third time andof toe Treaty, although wathenpassed, onlyon toe letterregard it as eminently favorable to ourselves. Of course. If a rigorous policy is to Be it Is loofTeted a resolution that a Committee be appointed ca the InauguraMon of the Washingtonthein June next."BnTBlaK af tke Eadyralon.letter that we must pursued, appeal, and we shall have noMr. Bbowbderstoodthatinthe State wastoereason to regret toe proceeding, but we should pre- fer to see toe qoestioB discussed In a more pracUcalStatue.Objected to. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAsaraoTOB, Wednesday, Feb. IS.Dearly every countyrepresented, and that the Americans, in conjunctionHr. Adahs, of Kentucky, (American,) pre- sented the petition of the delegate from Jefferson andtrip plalna.river, between Egremont and New-Brighton, ready for sea,on this Bat. potof, toere Is perfect clear-A fire occurred at San Francisco oncommerce sixty days after the expiration of the quar- the m^moilalof the Provisional Government of that the 23d of January, In Montgomery-street, betweenand to have sailed on the same intendingTerritory, asking that he be recognized as such.Al- so, a memorial authorizing the Inhabitants thereof toMany families are without shelter or means of sup-port The insurance Is but partial. The fire was the of whom were in their berths. The fire emanated tois ground we should like to see stiU retatiMd. Wecall a Convention and form a Constitution prelimina-mittee on Territories.There was a call of the House preliminary todaysand storms. She behaved admirably, and her com- mander, ScBXBci, expressed himself perfectly satis- fied with her movements.taking a vote for Printer.Tbe annual meeting of the New-Haven Railroadspeedily cenveyed to shore, when a number of tug-boats went to the scene to render every aaalst-anee. The passengers and their luggage were Hsro Channel and none of them, a tolrd channel isMr. of WiLSOB,Indiana, (Rep,,) moved to postpone the matter till to-morrow.SXATOB.The HouseThe result was the same as before, except that Mr.ETHsainas alone cast a vote for Galss& Sbatob. If this had been thrown for Mr. Dkfexxs, he would haveto be at NationalVera Cruz had been declared in a state of siege. TheSaratogawasatVeraCruz.Obltnary.BosTOB, Wednesday, Feb. 15.Hr. James Clark, an aged and retired mer-beenelected. IfforMr. made a tie.GLOsSBaaBaia,liwould hareThe fire had aow a firm hold of the whole ship, and I tVe, on toe other hand, although we shall lose three-about noou the foremast fell overboard. The names fourths of the debated territory, shall retato the lalecontinued to rage all the afternoon, and fears were of San Juan, and thtis acquire a secure access to earagainvoted.of little avail, for she was left compaiatlvely dry, theAmericans selves, accordingto toelr wishesand they win leave;Hr. JoEX CocBXABX, of New-York, (Dem.,) suggest- ed a postponementMr. Hux, of Georgia, (Rep.,) not hearing of any ab-November, Valley-Representatives yester-sentees likely to arrive, vote to-day.urgedthat there be oae Boreplatotoftoefrallotment Wereallydoaotaaahow any adjastmsnt oeold be arate jndleloqdy doflaad toan eae whldi wUll not wocmd toe etl^Iota ofMr. Stabtob, of Ohio, (Rep.,) remarked that he had7erry Commtttea, reported a resolution that the Pres- paired off with Mr. Soott. He new terminated that tory. A bill to remove the capital from Oljrmpla toeitbsx whieh wUl State,rednced that there could herealter be no pltmder. Another vote was taken.Befere the result was anneuneed, Mr. Bohbam, efSouth Carolina, (Dem.,) changed his vote (or someand taken inthrough, and fell Into tbe water, carrying with It alarge portion of the starboard bulwarks. The flames,which up to about S o'clock had appeared to be con-fined to tke fore pari of the ship, no n spread aft,and as the evening advanced tne ship appeared to thespectators on the Beach to t>e completely enveloped infire. The firemen were working eight pumps, but teen-fold. been It Is aowMr. HoDBTOB, of Alabama, (Dem.,) wanted to know what kind of man he was, and perhaps he might vote for him.Mr. Bobham would explain if he were In order.The Republicans shouted : "Announce the vote."Mr. PsToa, of Virginia, (Dem.,) changed from Mr. GLsisBaxssxato Mr. Ou>.Mr. Hamiliob, of Texas, (Dem.,) wanted to change bis vote.Mr. Gaxbitt, of VlrglDla, (Dem.,) objected, and de- explana- manded the Yeas and Nays.mon In Victoria District Church. Heestab-atoce toe was fneieased slx- Import dubr aboUadted,Renewed cries from the Republicans the vote.";correspondent at Brownsville writes Commissioners are fully convinced portby workingderived from sixteenta tois manufacture. It carries after it seqaaaoeeeC tocreased quaotity of freights and tosoranees, andquestion, but waa la- with cries of " Order." Andd the confusion, Mr. Jacxsob, of Georgia, (Dem.,) who had, during the voting, absented himself,hurriedly entered.Much joy was evinced on the Democratic side.Mr. Jackbob voted for Mr. GLOssBaaBnaa.Messrs. Bobham and Patoa returned to that gentle-man's support., *•/.• KsiTT, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) now calledSatordayIt is supposed the fire had been smoldering some we should be reduced to embarraaamentlfu arara sud-teriupted by theRepublicanshistory. Itour national poUcy by it i it is so impodMlhkMhaatiNecessary tea choice. 92lGlo«sbreBner £'•i^THsEiBoxvotedforGalbb4c Ssatob. 1 ne subject ,regarded premature, and likely to Induce Oregon traders to klU their stock too freely.We doanythtostodlarutthls hngTlump of P^"^J^»LS«tt*airr;.p«t/"j^ Si^SSni tIonsteMtraew,nfter as a g»TM?'"f„^r^OMM^ seared by those hsf';was then passed over for to-day.spread and It Is a whether any part of the hull will be In aMdtaly arisenbills and resoluUons were?^ Introduced,serviceable condition.'" ""^CoUmblLA,<»f Vlrylnla, iDem.,) ioved tooost- tlon, which was referred to the Committee oa Com- tion to (he free colored poptilatlon.was left la very shaUow water,Eev. J. C. Talbot, D. D., was consecrated Bish- exttoguishtog toe flames. At high water toe nu^a- jMa^taat IncreaseHe waaaawilllafto attempt to forcelegiEla-wasto seata Uie Di,tri?t ofLegislatureun^erIbbiabapous, Ind., Wednesday,.i^of^si.ssa.jffi'LT^^'Vr.^^^^disorder on board tke vessel, to cooaaoQaaea of riotous eoadnct of seme of the seaaea. C^it Haunrgreat that toe£J5^ allia L'«^P^.dMr. Htmna mimi tha •eaata iMode fh>m lu wefd'the early yeettrday Bfta-gJf'l'eJolrat ^elcellenl paofU, to have broken hi. Ato^^"^ 'P«ventlon of polygamy In Thehas tiadconsideration to- rela-Fab. IS.A New Hotel at PhUadelphla. PaiLAssi.raiA, Wednesday, Feb. IS.Mr. PAkAR Btbtzhb' new Continental Hotelwill open to-mdliew for the receptionThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of^lagiUatloBGOViaHOB—BLEVDID0C6LA8DIUOATIBBUTT TOCHABLISTOa.HiBTTois, Wedaeiday, Feb. 15. The Democratic State Convention assembled inSt.Johns.THE ARAGO AT THIS PORT.by the water.' "The fcproviroin rela-SAil rRAUdS- LATXK rXOM OkXGOh, BaiTISH OOLUMBIAThe American " Balance-of-Power"in Convention at Blnghamton this morning, at 10 o'clock, and organized by the appointment of C. B. FaxiMAB, of Montgomery, as Chairman, and U, M.aad J. J.dispute. westernmost of toe group Is called the Isto of Saa Ju-:"Announcefrom Rio de Janeiro.Umes as much'*territorytoanfsad letters aad destroyte eon- to'elher with eoles of allThoaas H. James T.PrattC. IMISeattertng.'. ... 12 iThe"exceptit viraaonly furnished tiis countrymen with a military guard.giveofben, Dr. Rowland of Ktags, and D. A. Fonda of Mo^- attended with much success.(Ki^u ,ni 'rii;::j]it .^ft<Jc;a'>.i ^ ,ovi?i:& yj/oJI-y^^V- 5tlS>FROM WASHINGTON. tlon OB the other House. The motioa was agiaad ta. a law the term of study for Cadets at the MlUtary mlsalona. The weather ia mild thia eveaiaci witk la- Teas 42, Nays II. ^. jj „ Academy. dieathas of rata. •LATER FROM EUROPE. «'B't5d^do"?^!'^»TM^'^ '~ »»*«««»««rii^ eWo and isMrToeaasmovedtoreconsider. Hewasopposed Mr.Taanw,ofNew-York,(Rep..)tatiodncedablUto the Senate recedUg. Ia the debate In the Ognse a for tke setUemant of the claims of oAoers and sol- CoBDecticat Deatoermtic ConTentfon..trana oEtnion was exprasaad advene ta Ike fyanUaa dleis of tke RerolutlOBsry army, aad the widows and aOMiBATioa or bob. thohab h. srvHoos rOB Arrival or the Priace Alkeit at T?^«;J?l^iJ^"°°» '*'««">» ««.000«fS«Kbut they .were oppacBd tookildren ef tkose who died In the service ; alao, aPacificRailroadbJl. ReferredtotheCommitteeonMilitaryAflUn.Mr. BateeSiOf New-York, (American,) Introdocada bill for tbe establishment of a branch mint in New- Yoik. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.fTMmTM7,k Sr*^'*!"! thefira,but It^rtUIbetag latheApprocriatloDbillTHow,latbU biutherewasnogeneralIcglriatloa. TbenauA- neatregulatlagtkeprlntlBgof Uaaktafbeted arad- leal change la ezlsung lawa, TkaraTara ha wished;largestenfreeBallmatternotovertwoooaceetnweight. Mr. itiaacfasyState,orbetweentheDepsrtmeatandanywaa neces- H«> Daeufna waated to leUeva tka TWt-affiee De-the fraaklag prttllege. If othersary. It could De done at anoOier ttaie.HiBiroas, Cean., Wednesday,Feb. It.leftslatlaB Mr.Mmobopposedtkeaaendaieat.anytato features of the T^ef^^^T'''""'ls,tain iBcendiary mattercorTeapeadenee hetwsra the Department and the autbor-aa a mall <me.TIm bill granting pensions to soldiers of the War matter or a trunk load. The Overland Mail route posts of entlT and dellveiy for the tame, and regnlaV SiTBOua was read, decUntag tka aomlnatlon andfriends, refarrad to the Militarr Committee. This Is ttnmgly indicatlTe of its defeat.the Post-office arose from the franking prlvitom.Mr. Chasdub, of Michigan, (Rep.,) said tfcallhaax- peufe of the Post-ofllce Department waa owtag to titeThe news is meagre, and without special import- Four himdred and thirty votes were cast The enthu- ance.cutoff. To avoid this dismemberment of irtiat waa confessedly British territory it had been acieed IM the Une, after striking toe coast would be dtfirrtadto a soutoeily and carried direction, thiou^the absorbed six hundred thousand dollars to carry on iDg the ppai compensation of offieeia ofDuring the afternoon aasatai, a Mte/from Gov.designateot 1812 was introduced, and against the wishes of its civilization. He denied that the embarraasmaat of the Customs; also, a bill for the simpUfieatian aadBremen, arrived atSouthamptonon the ad.system of jobbing which prevailed.Mr. FcoB, of (Jhlo, (Dem,) wasiafkvor ofctrlUngMr. Gaow, of Pennsylvania, (Rm.,) introduced a bill to pievent the sale of the |«Uie nada except toSeaator Buear, after two days' consideiaUon, hasaaaied the Committee to arrange the Charleston Plat-form, Tla.: Ganir, Frrcs, Biaua, Gvnr and CBisiniT, more than all tbe States. The enomiaa* aaioaat, if a Homestead bill.siasm was of the wildestpassed to Insist on the nomination. The ticket waaeach of whom spoke In caucus in favor of Mr. Datu'—NATHABtiL B. of Norfolk Srxviaa,that the Goverimient could not produce the corre- spondence relative to the rumored aanexatian of Savoytbe «««« pardonable Ignorance prevalUng at theThe object of the Committee was to con-<er aad haimoniza the several propositions, butgen- tlameBnamedareallonthesameside. Nowonder bersefCongress.; Treasurer—Col,whichraised by direct taxation, would not l>e bora* a mo- ment If the Govenunent expended only tea mllUaas we would never besr of an irrepressible eoafilet. It; ;mid-chaimel round toe coast oftototoesea. Thiswas all plato and reaaonaUeiand Inrt^ specttog toese distant regions, it was probably eea-out the Federal enUielyOovemment,expeads"*"«»'r.i.^.1merce, to Inqiriretoto the expediency of acUonto pre- The House amendments vent the of passed nearly nnanlmonslyimportatioa adulterated tea. to anMr. Bomino>,ef Massachusetts, (Rep.,) Introduced existingactbywMehacoatrlbutlonamountingablUforthe.Impievament of to(S,000 per annum to the Colonlzatiott Society ia Jamabon River and aresoUitlon instructing the Committee on MUltarv Af- withdrawn.fairs to inquire Into ue expediency of regulating by It has been snowing here all day, with sop for the Northwest to-day.hatch is subinerged, but the tice does aot reaeh thef„J/J^ftLfI&aeMetiai which ««/1S^m <mUa iSve-ownlag,Department,Issued to Poftmasters, antherlxlng them to openfollowiag resultdirectedwithno lUffataaiiA.- remote spot on the shoies of thehave enaOed lawa lavUrtag Poatasasters teThe Democratic State Convention has com- justpleted Ui Bomiaatlon for State officers and delegates totka'Chaileflou Ceaventkin. Thokai H. (btmoob,case render It one ofttSniortCB- "» overslgh°i^5!SS:kntnsuch openArmy, Navy and Marine pensions, and a bill;but he said that Cotmt Waxxwski had as-Indications that aa would be made attemptArrangements have been con-sides.;FcsimastnInrelatisnthereto. Andthatheooaimani- eate te tab House wbetber knowledge has corns ta Ike Post-sfike Bepartsseat that the anihortties of StateThe Convention tkea atUaaraad to 2 o'clock. LATSB.pending sUll, and It will not be untotereatlaatothB- pubUc to learn the poslticn to which ItMKuS. ^.aad lettsia. aavspaasrs or atber doeaaaats as *' '>*>>.!¥'' .SRf^I" ikeeadiaiT, and what StatesnnaR. otfiNMk mA, im mttka ot Mr.of Hartfoi4, was noaslnated for Oovwaaiport Eteamaklp Arago,cided toat the49th parallel should cohsatoutte posaeations of Great Brltala American tarritarr.JjDau,(kereealBtloawaatalMie4 tn the Ptet oMeeontof twetve of tke to '^iitrrtrt **- favor- delegatesand the United mates on NorthGiLBxa,of NorthCarolina,'(American.) gave Mr. JoBH CscHBABS Introduced a bill to amend thePassenger laws,Heradditional Itoms of intelligence from our files.The steamship Kev-York, fiwm New-York forfor the t>etter and protectleaof female passengersdistricts of the United States, and todefintog It bywater'nraeaadeC to the dispateh of bosmcM, tnaa tkey enoonataiad antment andThe from steamship Figo,QueenBtown on the Sd.New-York,arrived attoe49thparallelstrikesthe iiet YaitoamiR' coast,Island, a portion of which, if toe boundary Uim bad. been prolonged without deviatloD, would kava fea«actual settlers until ten yeaia aftar theira andcharacter,aadamotionwasGSEAT BRITAIN.bill for the admission of— LordJo^KRi7gSKLLhadVancouver'sthe complete, and, as we may almost add.:security a bill to estabL'sh the collectlaiidarv line land aad byiicodification of the Revenue laws, and far other por- potes.oldregard to it and nominated htm by aeclamatioD, afterMr. PLoamcB, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) introdnced a French Spoliation bill, anda bill granting pensions to soldiers of the War of 1812.Mr. Flobibcx also Introduced a bill equalizing tbe:completed as follows announcedinParliamentin Mr. MooBiBXAB, of Pennsylvania, intro-a (Rep.,)bill for the improvement of the navigation ofelected the following gentlemen delegates at large;this assurance.In the Honse of Lords, MoadaT, Jan. 30, theRosario. If,theretea,Vm boundary Une were carried down the former, it waaki- torow all the islands toto tbe Amertoaa side if itdncedthe Ohio River.FirstRocky HillThird—Andrew C. of New-LondonPrattofalso a resolutionmittee on Commerce to Inquire what measures shouldIngersoU, New-Havenbe adopted with a view of procuring reduction of du-ties by foreign Governments on tobacco. The abovewere appropriately referred.Mr. Jobb CocbbasiLtAM Jat Habxbtt snd eighteen others, of the Seventh Ward of New-York, asking for the freedom of the:togkeepingprescribe could by pbsstollity get toto the Haro 'Tiir- iwl, and It is, we believe, ajso true toat as far a* ma channel was known or used at theventlon, It was tbe Rosario Clumnel, and nopublic lands.NEWS BY TJLA national salute was fired over Gov, SrraouB'g Domination.It will appear from what we have (aid that tka de- batable territory is composed not of oae iaiaad, bat a gronpof Islands, all of which together wonidbotnaB' ferred either to England or America, accoidtocaa toe Rosario or Haro Channel was taken aa tha ehaa. , nel for toe line of delimlUtlon. Accident, bowevar, has brought oae of those Islands Into especial aatoti-From the Pacific Coast.TBI ALlfADIlf MINI CA8X—POLITICAL HOTSimTTSMallot's Statiob, Wednesday, Feb. IS. The Overland Hail-coach, with San Francisco dates to Jan. 23, passed this Station at li;« o'clockDILIOATIB AFFOIKTKD TO TBI WABHISQION COH- yXHTIOll.BivaBAMToa, Wednesday, Feb. 19.tention of the Government to introduce any bill to meet such cases as that of St George's -in-the-Eastla CALirOSKIA—I.ABOa RBE WThe Chancellor of theCbawtobd, stated that it was his Intention on Monday next In a Committee of the whole House on the Cus- toms act, to submit to the Hause the whole proposal containedinthecommercialtreatywithFrance.—AUD WAEHIKGTON TIKXITOBT.Party metin the new This renders It probable that the mine will remain closed until the U. S. Supreme Court settles the title. Much rag ii Is expressed that this great source of wealth must solong remain unproductive.The Republican State Convention, to elect dele-gates to the Chicago National ConventloB, is calledAlmaden Mine cue. QuicksilverwillbedetainedlongerInIndiathanheIn consequence of the arrangements which must bemade for the Chinese expedition. The overtures the United Statea, and proclaimed Americanuwa which have been made to the British officers of theSikh regiments to volunteer for China have not beenFebruary.The Anti-Lecompton State Central Conunlttee ad-journed without calling a State Convention to elect delegates to the Charleston Convention. There werethe mostBaooxB, of New-York, C. B. Fbixmab, and A!<sobto elect DouKlas delegates to the Charleston Convention byBeyondwiih the native Union Party, have appointed dele- gates to the Washington Convention.DeatmcttTe Fire la Elizabeth City, N. C. Noarout Tuesday, Feb. 14.A destructive fire has occurred at Elizabeth City,forN. C. Forty houses were burned, involving great loss New-York. The greatest consternation prevailed on ness on aaother. It was most sensibly presumed, atthe LecomptoB State Convention.Lecomptonites were manifesting Douglas proclivi- ties, including the new Senator elect, Mr. Latham.All that remained of the steamer Nortktmer, recent- ly svrecked near Cape Mendocino, had been sold for #900.. A letter had been received In San Francisco fremexclusivelytbe balloonist, Hxbbtfrom that city to New-York, acrosa the greatbuildings,passengers, many advantage than by any otoer eonslderatlon, aadThere is no news of Interest miningPly-BrownvTtlle News. Niv-OauABS, Wednesday, Feb. 15.their exertions, vigorous and well-sustained, thoughwere ineffectual, and it was feared that the ship wouldbe totally destroyed.Tne amount of da-nage cannot be estimated, but Itlis. This Is one of toese toeti giaatWibx, proposingan aarialdiscovered on board the In the BnjdynUm, lyingThe United States steamship Saginaw returned to San Francisco, on the 2d of Jaaauy, from a fourosaooH.The steamer Cotwnbia arrived at San FrandseoonPolitics, as usual, seemed t<r«ngross the attention of the people of Oregon.The Dc^iiacraf mentiona ramon of aalition between- the Repabilcaas aad AaU-Leoomp-J81 ton Democrats, to elect CoL E. D. Bazbb, ef Califor-every axerttea ob the pan of the crew, continued to Government Is In conformity with this prtodple. We advance with Increased rage. The alarm was have reason to think toat the proposals made to thaCempany took place this morning. The old Board proposed for the boundary-line, which will not only was unanimously reelected. The affairs of the road pvomptly relieved, and brought to the Prince's evade toe two disputed courses, but will leave the are as encouraging. The receipts for the Landing-stage, where the large hut was appro-' Americans In possession of toe larger share of toe de-represented priated for their accommodation. Soon after bated territory. This chaimel runs thioogh tbe group year amounted to $107,£37,agalnst expense of (92,128. the alarm was given, two fire engines and of islands, not to 'ItoatA as either tha' trial encountered trip, havingThe amount of revenue collected In British Colum- bia during the past year was (300,000.MAUHX AND COaaERCIAt.Arrived at San Francisco Jan. 20, Austrian brig1,000,000,000which stand head and shoulden higher toaa the crew*—eo high and so broad toat we can neitherIvick, 294 days from Rio de Janeiro, via MazatlaasUk. satin, crate goods, and general mer-istence of a toousand smaUer facts that mUls, sixteen times as many EogUsh [smUiaBDanish Sailed, Jtn. 20, ship y^nnie W. Paine, for Hamburg;Saturday last, and was cleared by tbe Emigration Agents at thisparaiso.The cargoes of coffee per ftiick and Otto will an-settle the market for the present Since the depar- ture of the last mall there is a further advance in pork, clear quoting at (IT 75 for bbls., and (9 50 forqt mmMkhalves;two later, the consequences would have been terrible,(16 and speculators arebuySO,off.weather would cause a reaclion. Raw sugars are;firmThe trade buy all the refinerythatthey'have past.tained,attributedan Island arose to toeand wegenerallyA large number of men from the Merrimac were paid to-day. Four hundred of them left la theafterwards beyond control- The bowssailed ever toe alto Itwork which has among "«•m"?'^;ago wereaUdiscussingHeditamnean about Itsciences toflie various Bauimobb,Wednesday,Feb.CaaaecratfeaafaBlaksr.vesselnm^to* e«5^pveterans'!?'Sr7ld^euJ?Terrtlori''e?."'.."• *T-^^"'''°',^=TM<"'<.(Rep..) offered a resola- day the meastirea proposed by tbe Committee inthe'ceded the fore partand thus the beaching proved of very little beaefil tosurvey taito the UnioninstruetmgWil- Rufus L. Baker,presented the petition of Wn.- Adjourned.;not report tillthe Government to use peace.means topreservetheSchool.happenedHavtog C3,000,000 »s..;the amotmtthe Immense amoaatEGRAPH.In the House of Commons, Monday, Jan. 30, Sir G. Natls^Bl Vniaa CeaTeatlaa at Blnghamten. Lnris, in reply to Mr. BnTi.iB, said it was not tha In-., ''Broome, yesterday (Tuesday) morning, but In consequence of were appointed :ofSchenec-committed, toongh we may remark thatinjunction'Many leadingof .CiystaTPalace,the morning ofdayto Messri. Gaijsbb, Cobb, Pooli, WniiLzsand others. in addition to the toe time of the Convention, toat the proceediagiveryheavyseasAmericans are such as may fairly satisfy boto coaa- tries. Instead of standing out for toe Rosario Chan- nel and toe whole group of Islands, as against thaproepecUveCapt HIlutt,The schooner Star has arrived here with Vera and cargo, determined to run her on shore and scut- Government will be asked to give ns tt^ wkole of abrig21st Arry, for Val-The Delia's that the Texasthat the authorities and principal citizens of MaU-""."^"i'SS =»P'«»LSW;«~A ofbad spellaadfailed. The amount of their liabilities has not beenaresolt now we have got It. Some yeeiaUkUter-ofguests.verydesirous toputntitlged Documentco-in fire bom stem to stem.seeing that destruction Inevitably awaited the ship\chinery,chandise. She went Into the river onurns., -.and most enthusias- tic State CoBventlon ever held la Connecticutthe practice ot to general oonalgneesAnsonmet FxTzKOT, deceased.Tbe Hanover Cotton Mills at Hanchestor had been sions of toe IndlanB. But even if this necesatty cooldlyn,J. C.King:HISCELLASEOUS DETAILS Aid) ITEMS.TheBteamshlpPrinceAlbert,Capt.BtOWSZ, ^^rf.l"1?,'^'[i?**P*<'''"""»questionItaSiafrom Galwar on tke 4th instant arrived at St Johns,N. F., yesterday morning. She experienced heavy weather. She has 20 saloon and 300 other passengenleft not so The reaolatloBs have not yet lieen rqxntad. Guns late as that brought by the Bolumian, bat we derivearc firing eatnpllaicatary to tke iiliiiilliiii of Mr. SxTMotTB for Governor.embarraaamentbeenthereetilt Nosooner,however,hadtheCaa-favoring theticketBut the ConventloB paid notaking an informal ballot, which w«a all one way.'MFor Uetttanant-Goveraar J^Bis E. EapiuB, of New-HaTca i Secretary of StateDistrict—Gen. James Second—Samuel Arnold, of HaddamFourth Col, A. G. Haziard, Hartford Coiu-That we, izndar such:Middlesex Colin M. ;liam M. Converse, New-LondonThe Committee on Resolutions will the evening session.Russell,Windham houn, Fairfield.stepsbyeveryon such aGeorge W. Peet LitchfieldThe Convention adjourned tI117M o'clock P. M.;P. C. CaL;ada-R. Graves of Brook- Harlo Hakes of Steu-and autoority toere, although it had been dlsttaetly admitted by his own Government toat the title to toe territory was to dispute, and toat lutil It was dacUad no such pretensions should be advanced by either of;Sfbbcb.The American Cknivrsttlon adjourned this evening.the names of the Committeemen we havebeen unable to learn anything of the proceedings—the Convention sitting with closed doors. It Is un- 4,000 members the Choral Societies of France, atcaused by it_New-Iiaadaa KaUraad. Nbw-Havbb, Wednesday, Feb. IS.mcras are inThenecessities lor sliteen timesto onr profitwe are turning out. Thereoftiuatnraa^Nbw-Obuahb, Wednesday, Feb. IS.chant, while iB tbe Hail ofThere was great danger that all their slock would day, listening to the debate on the proposed Better- rounding. In order to obviate the danger, a rope was By the arrangement now delineated each cotmtry ariUstarve, and a portion of the party bad started for Fort Benton,land another for Fort Owen.WABHIHBTOH TXBSITOBT.There la but little news from Washlngtoa Terri-ment law. In which he felt much Interest, suddenly fastenedto tile main mast, and taken on board the have a r.barmel of its own, while toe territory will be Brother Jonathan steam-tug, and tne mast was drag-fell and expired of apoplexy. The House at once ged down with all the rlgKing. The mlEen-mast was so divided toat the Americans can make no eosa-adjourned. _Bfraterleaa Afliair at Scraaten.SoBABTOB, Pa., Wednesday, Feb. Is. A box containing one leg and the two feet of agot rid of in a siaiiiar mannerthe consequence of this measure proved the reverse of beneficial. The masts, la their fall, of conrae rip- ped up the deck l>eams aad plaaUac, and the air tusked through the apertures to faed the flames be-thhioner, who will bold an inquestcharge by the Cor-D^pOtevcBlng,andFrom tit Limdon Tfnies.with theCommissoners have reported to the Governor thatwar exists.Fallare ia Bestea.BoBTOB, Wednesday, Feb. 15.Eldkb, Syltxbtxb 4 Vosa, dealers in boots daysstated, but Itknownbeen do-but It is the forehold.to toe seamensmokingtocarefully with itIs welllarge business for some timeThe Annexation ofSaYoyIt is but a shortcountry, now concentrated on French tnadH •(ernment sent a dispatch expressing satisfaction at nel that to the east as toe :;arguingtheHowever, for reasons to be presentlymotion bylLord Mablbobougb rel-m shall not toslst on this potot any farther.Afterative to the assessment and levy of Church rates, the House adjourned.oftady, as Secretaries. Tke following Committees tjgate the miscellaneous expenditures of the country, the sole explanation offered by Gen. Habbbt him-COU.UB,Mastxix,rightOrganuation—J.Brooklyn,settled on the Island, required toe protectloB o{The Times says ;cluded by the Directors fur a great musical celebra- tion of several days' duration, by between 3,000 andFrom tk* Liverpool Post, Feb. 1.About 51 o'clock yesterday morning a fire wascoui^.^ there are obvious reasons, but toere is thlsreaaon especially—that we very much doubt whether tka framersof toe treaty really knew aaything about the channel or course toey were defintog, so that we may seek in vain for toe tru^ spirit of toe law. uwaternotcoveringthebreachmadelaherside. The uswiththeHaroChannel,exactlyastheydeslra.entertained that the main and aaizen masts, which were burned, would fall, and the consequence must have been disastrous to the crews of the packets sur-In consequencethe mere terri-was abuilt in the United States, and owned by Messrs. F.D. & P. SzLuas, Cidfaall-street Messrs. Tbaot & BAi-Dwar, whe had acted as the passenger-agenta forthe ship, paid every attention to the passengersinglerd»B0O«A«a£d ft«fore part which is considerably elevated settled at tha slaia.;but unfortunately,ia ooaie-ItIssaidthatonMondayeveniagtkaiewasneat bateveaaslave-traJJ'*8^'^^„,,before'tory is*^e^J*^Vh,?* cargo variooalv aa-in^T^e tWpis exists as to thebut acargo belag insuredTsome tSiSZItalian were struggles,tade to aseen siKh'wk^Insured,dUfcrenco of oatalaKtime since tiie thooi^itB of Ikrshould stickle for toe Rosario while Straitto toe best Information we canobtain, no veaaal course as toe terma of the tiaatobut he took possession of San Juan aJbelongug toof andconciliation. Forsucha spirit amitythere is obscuritycontioental possessions.reality,of littiesafe naviita'ion is of material importance to both.boto Statea what really aecesaary fm their coavenienee, and which will tons terminate a protracted dispute by a sensiblaCattaaAaserteaa Slarery.consume,facte as toese, arising to toe quiet routtoe of tadMMalgivelatime of t^ <to either whfle party,is so and so steady toat waoMdtaar largewhich has so wondaml policy produced www.fultonhistory.com 