 of thetm she oeaain 4 *»**«n"iw ••• sf • in tsjeusect. other portions„_._. neS?^A^K Y«J>«arew»W reosdy,andam- TMT^5^^**__ TM* •i^nw wtaawawT» ^Baw, | ^ | kmy _ ^ /jf, t W - ^ . ehautsHamaafeuwit"i#M —aV. _ .recognised, or that anion will inevitably[that .andre-At the battle of Molino delRey, in theWalker was again backed up in a frightful manner He*•» £!+maraM%I*?TTt??ir"fintTis*" *'" **.' the Ugatsesre. hteay good reasons present th«m "» Ives to me war it shstdd aat be onion. Our Treasuryand W N a balance still ssamkei interest. Were Leglriatare u> awe—tit., the n p e M Incurred would ne- cessarily defer the payment of warranta, and cauae thembut absolute necessity should apei them to submit to greater lew.ausirtol tho funds in tae treasury, on account of StateS^tss»#2ym«ntU or^lbIj»enasaSlhe UatateTre fnemitltonof UnitedStateslbadsbelongingtotheSchool t>ntd to *et apart for the benefit of the railreadInterests af Fnetera Texas, and upon which itscitizens dependioforward the enterprises they nave commenced. Tn it from that object wonts mm them. We would, ^ ore, have to go in debt, and throw our paper intoaww^U^Raage^nwasjsjfytai a efiate.to to avoidjiebt, except when neoas- pockets ofimportant objection to calling the Legauature thay do_ not realy represent the sentiments of•u^whX'rela>^BJMe30the people" hassociety—a revoiu- flutes, within the limits of Mississippi, shall remain In office iwhose very and perform the same functions therein, until the federal in thisereetion Union hereby ordained shall be fully organised and esta-majority seo- blished., and yet on Sec. 6. That all the regulations, contracts and engagementsold.mto eparattoa April » , law) N\rw . and Senatorial districts nave been created of tan laatcenaaaaf tae State. It Ma i consideration whether the members of tare did uotprovide for the expiration re terms of oflke at that period. Many torn weight la the Lagtote- i them to. Many of them would the present population that is interested as studl take to reference to toe momen- tous question of Union or disunion; and those who pre--Saad to speak foe shem should come directly from them. Were laefcteeaUve desirous of shifting responsibility ft em hlaistlf at 1MB trying period, he would at once call two Lngtoteture; but being sattefled that the public inte- seata do not require it, he will endeavor to perform histhe centre of American Industry and erce—in her-self a sovereign power—with all " neeted in-sures for their security. I believe this sentiment is en- spect, your friend, L. Q. C. LAMAR. tertained from Mason and Dixon's line to the Rio Grande,' To Bon. P. F. Lmnmx, Oarrollton, Mississippi.and that hundreds of thousands in the Northern Stateslowing. During the operations in the valley of Mexico he was attached to thebrigadeof General Garland, which formed a part of General Worth's division. In the attack on El Molino del Bey, on the 8th of September, where bo„heated politicians so many gratuitous assertions whichfalsify the republican sentiment of the free States, thata speech of this character, so candid, so bold, so patri-otic and: so full of sober truth, enforced by irrefragibleargument, delivered on such an occasion, to doubly re-freshing to my anxious mind, while it to an invaluabletreasure to the whole country. Considering the position infantry, Captain Anderson, Third artillery, and Lieut. of Mr. Stephens, I would rather have been the author of Sedgwick, Second artillery, appear to bam bean parti- the speech than to have been a candidate for the highest cularly distinguished for their gallant defence of tbo office in the United States; although in some particulars, captured works." In addition to Mate testimony to hto, unhappily—owing to the ies sometimes manifested by the States at the exti ties of the confederacy—our duty, being responsible to the people alone. He has al present glorious Union aid be broken up, the Statestaady assured those who have petitioned him for a call of tkt 4 raialalnrr> that be would n»t stand in the way of thesatWJed that it was their desire e should be called: bat ha cannot re- ef a few count** as the will of taeis will Texas aat a discreet part, and the other Southern States in a conventionof unconstitutionaliof the Northern States, calculated to defeat thaiiof the fugitive Stave law, and all .disturbed theoccupying the central 1, the continent from ocean to valley of the Mississippi, keep alive, with befitting ;name and proud traditions , and perhaps, in the end, might temporarily havesagacious at will be m its counsels, tbeywalfor their rnsaldarstlna i to themselves, their coastituand 1trust that through the influence eteaa, those8tetee whin,at the triumph of oto precipitate the ei ante to take sunk a tt anarccahyyatnd fmWt, sat theirthe South few isolated States, whether at the North or the South, | the questions to stand aloof in sullen contumacy or unprofitable dis- who owe content? We have lately seen auspicious indications posterity; that reflections soch as these, with a reviving spirit of sir deliberf- nationality, are making daily progress in a quarter of the at feelings confederacy where the antagonism to Southern institu- iveresorven tions has been hitherto the strongest; and I will not yet .will hesi abandon the consoling hope that the present troubles. with all of the country, by bringing more clearly to light theevery other remedy. A third class—considering the long want argument—sound argument. We insist upon facts, Gnmnmi or THEBmmn ana or ran Hocss or Birsan s• their action. Let i'^•WHSU^N001disposition to oblige an esteemed friend, the relations There is afourtk class ofenenjetic. resolute tmd high spirited what are the violations of the constitution which the ciple of which to an unreasoning and fanatical hostility to vised by the Board. The Board should atoobeiwhich exist between the people of MiatavJppiand myself,as one of their representatives in the Federal Congress,the uniform kindness and confidence I have experiencedfrom the portion that form my immediate consti'uenta,and the necessity I feel for frank and open-hearted com-impryjag with^ont request.sion oT such opinions as are now entertained and avowed less than half a million of dollars—to be expended, unasrNew England who u.\vld not subscribe to this opinion, and by these two men, in any part of this country outside of the authority of the Board, to tho rwot ithe integrity of the federal gov- brought to act in concert If thay only understood one who, if called upon officially, would uphold any unlawful New England, would nave insured to their uUarer swift mads anna, af the most improved patterns. tf ear itottr.WHJJAM C. BIVB8 ON THE NATIONAL CastmII it is the Fugitive Steve tew, and I bear of nothing in contempt of the earnest protest or the other section, the first day of the session. It should be composed ofis dominant in one State, commands perhaps a majority in fugitive slaves, to in my opinion not an open question, peculiar institution. Thirty years ago the public expres- ation ought to be made by the Geaerai Assembly-am •fpreserve thecitisens. Rely- , I place It in your in the government by a conviction of rightlitical and.social ideas of the two secttojp, ana .that the will Stand approved alike before God and man. that government to lodged In the bands of a party whosepredominance of the anti-slavery idea in the politics of In all kindness I ask, what it avails to apply to Mr. avowed principles are to antagonism to the interests, thethe Northern States, has been and will be sufficient to Lincoln, the President elect, who represents the senti- dignity and the well being of Louisiana. The occasion thern mind It U not possible to for^ee the course of poncr prevail against the opposition of the entire South, even ments of a great, enlightened and conservative party, calls for grave deliberation, wise counsel, cool judgment Congress may determine upon, and it to the s i n ofty-'-_ r_ = £ _ - rfl,! r *immediate measures for tLETTER OP LUCIUS Q. €. LAMAR, M. C, their security from further collision aid strife. This coln cannot possibly violate the constitution nor impair been more hi need of the protecting care and wtoe guid- terteta for war. In the brief period which you are ]OF MISSISSIPPI. class would expect amendments to tho federal constitu- the rights of the Southern States: and no man soberly ance of that Divine Providence whose aid and influences to remain to session it would bafaspractambJe to i WasaainoiT, Dec. 10,1800. tion, so that the conditions of slavery la the States and believes that anything of the kind is within his power or it becomes States as well as individuals to Invoke. ixe our militia system oa a sound baste, lotCaarua Hnx, Dec. 8,18*0.VenWeaPr01 e°for^ldfeT asSolemn family coatiwBber ror each useu sjipeacei staesa a century, and given rise to a td developement, withoutmunication with them, are additional reasons for com- influence, and the fourth class to increasing. This clan power of Congress to provide for the • restoration of to the immediate injury and ultimate destruction of its pensive mode of providing for thorn. A liberal apprw-r- . „ _ ,whichgauTT'.i< Bens for its preservation. But will these or any eflbrte i vaUr Unless a very different spirit from that which ianas thus far to have animated both of the extremejjsrMns can be successfully invoked, the prospect would ae gloomy indeed.It is uaaiats now to inquire into the causes which have lad to the present condition of things. The recent tri- umph of a powerful sectional party, in aa election lor the two highest offices of the government—with itsaandidates taken exclusively from its own section, voted for exclusively by Its own section, and with a political creed avowedly an tagonistiu to the interests and institutions of the other great division of the confede- racy—is an event which necessarily awakens both anxi- ety and resentment in the opposite section, and accor- ding to the most ordinary maxims of human prudence and self respect, calls for an attitude of vigilance, firm- ness, and If need be, inflexible resistance.It is the first time in our political annals that such a thing has been attempted or ventured upon, and argues, to say the least, an extraordinary degree of temerity and heeuJetaneas on the part of those who have made the experiment, in the face of the solemn and not unfriendly warnings which were addressed to them. It Is not the Individual elected, whoever he may be, but the hostile aeetional combination which elected him, that constituteshath the danger and the offence.What, then, is to be done? Shall we rush at once to adissolution of our compact of Union; tear down the pillars at* the temple which contains the precious deposit of our rights and liberties, and bury ourselves, for a time atI have not supposed that the federal Executive would always command the support, or Inspire confidence and e.-ti-em among all the peoples of the Union. The framersclauses tn the law (wholly unnecessary to its efficiency) which ought to bo erased from it, as being exceedingly offensive to a community of free and Christian people.those opinions, chosen as the instrument to effect their practical operation upon the administration of the nation- al government, to now about to occupy the chair of Wash-they are, I should still taaawawaag theation; for the State amy be said to bawithout arms, as you will find by reference to the reportof"w?oniLet us look at this event in its mildest aspect, dissoci- ated from the sectional hostilities iu which it originated, amat, in one common rum with our deluded or offending and apart from (he purposes which it was designed to ac-"tBarsconfederates* This would seem to be the course of des- peration and blindness, not of reason and deliberation.couipliah. It is the first step towards the subversion of American representative liberty.Mates which imawdlatelyfor that portion of 1 the river Miby thai[feeling and ag and prosperous States whichsnegie wealt h and power upon its foriJt to also to be remarked that the •atveholding i'oftheaTawawtoff, bytl i af a great stream assigned byof cosameree, for taeaawhres aad other unities inhabiting its upper parts, and - domestic institutions, could never light-arsenals, be. Shall we renounce these rights and posses- sions because wrong doers attempt to deprive us of other rights? Is it not cowardly to renounce one right to save another? Are these rights not as precious as the mere r ig lit of property in negroes? But,4. If you secede, you not only renounce the Union and He professions, but you tail to unite your own people, be- otusc you do renounce these rights. Wake a man up toi 'sihistory, both tion—would, I aatthat of brevetI have ever believed centrifugal and jarring I^ •'••• '•franklyNEW. YORK HERALD, TO' ** no kmftr me* at 8teto legls- 1rtheifact that la the same manner as tf Into ordinance baa not besn made was carried from Vera Cruz tothe city of Mexico en a until the termination of the first Congress of the government litter, and his health improved on the way, though hapleasantly refused to see company at the various stopping _ _ ban flnr fifty h<aee?4.f IfeTuurtae^ordaiaed, That all officers of the United places along the route. He Is now about forty-five years- _^and get at naught a solemn and unequlvocal compact written la the constitution»; that there mouast bhce^no at- tempta, covert or open, by<uality under the constitution, as be loyally acknow- were the they camewith the solemn earnestness and dignity which the rmrartw samorte. eaaaaa^aal to wo-handed, if not bybordering, as they do, on Pennsylvania, K< Missouri, as well aa on Virginia—and having a interest with the saweholdlag Statesof the Mississippi in the use of thatchannel of intercourse and trade,States, cordially and frankly, to a Union of of justice and fraternity.When we turn oar eyes again to the not doubt on what side will be foundsubjugation of the former, "she Southern people are law- conduct at home, so w i i good faith andfthe observance 18sl7abiding, long-suffering and averse to rash innovations; of treaties regulate our intercourse abroad. It gives, us In* March, 1847, he was with the Third regiment of grave crisis. I still desire that soch a ooufereaoe she!now agitating the State of New York—many of them deeply affecting the rights and interest ot the city—be added the supreme one of a dissolution of the Union, it is not an improbable event, amid the revolutions of empire, that we should tee the Southern portion of the State, comprehending the city, separate from the rest, and formed into a new and independent State, Anally adhering to the central States of tas) confederacy. slavehokting and non-slaveholdlng, with these of the valley of the Missis- sippiour persecutors, regard it with approbation. There LETTEB FROM EX-GOVERNOR ELLSWORTH, was wounded very severely, hto conduct was the themeAtI see no reason to despair of the early work of conciliation Inaugurated by your to the entire extent of the States 1 have , if it be prosecuted in the right spirit; and any and a good understanding snail have been re-established among them—the great central States ofdress, and to put it in the power of those States to take measures to place the Union on constitutional founda- tions. They require time for consultation among thehe was promoted to the position of Major of the First ar- tillery, which be now holdsand lasting foundations than ever. WM. C. RIVES. Hon. AixXA-mmt R. BOTCH*. House of Representatives,Washington.any disruption of the government, aad appreciating the value of the existing Union, are willing to return to it with loyalty, if they can find adequate guarantees forhe was elected, that to false to the constitution of the country r and what is there in our own sentiments bos- tile to the constitutional rights of the South r Mr. Lin-people, through their delegates, tot extraordinary conven- tion, to determine in that sovereign capacity the remedy proper to bo applied to existing evils. Merer have we•,' ' ', '•*-<I santative Men. Mr. Lincon isnearly a million v< .tea—the South •11 the terrors of a passionate item a t s e l f i s h oligarchy. H may be temporary displacement of the ianother Presidential election storetheharmoniousoperationBit our people cannot shut"their* this revolution in the go', bodies a mightier moral rev« | years upheaved the bosom ofHon which has aever gonelaw is progression. bat the sword of empire drawntion, in a contest which cut V»J the tone of which the existence St*.* staked; that it isacism, wheat •ussMwfOtary retreat; that His aof States whose Legislatures their determination that noJf"— *»w»J " f* * * .* •nfflfy, ever loyal stood tirmly by their periods of their adoption of the consti- feel and acknowledge Ha?T*BwmBBBBBX*-^ - ^ ' i t t a i i m e n t s ispoison; that it infects their tprudence,is thAanimating ahtin theteacsxwniesaivd, and thay bafclnrTne party which represent* this • - • - * — b y overwhelming nmjortltat In a l )'in the departments of the federal with thesword in one hand and theas wen Hto first lieutenant ef tho Second srtiltery.JuJyl,18t», sad be was subaeqaenUy promoted Second Lieutenant in the Third regiment, dat-ing from the same day.Treat May to October. 1882, hoGeneral of die Illinois Volunteers, fit thowar; and it is here worthy of note, that oar President elect, Mr. Lincoln, was one of Ihe captains of those troops. In June, 1838, he was promoted First Lieutenant.by a fanati- htvolun- thesitiseas solemnly recorded btadthemtoob- in respect to slavery. They are convinced atol p i t i l shivery fanaticism isviefc^hallbeinadefo•peet thereof -j-^—, _See. a. That the rtoveiwoHklettaipplthe functions of Preatdentor the United States, undertbls onnatKaUon, within the limit* of Mtaslartppt, until the organi- sation or the federal Union referred to in the second sectionof this ordinance. the Mates mentioned in Sec, 7. The accession of nine ef .article two ia requisite to give thitsooorrddininaanncceememffe*c-t., and tor Bthe establishment of the constitution between the States rati- fying the same.Sees. That it shall be the duty of the Governor, Imme- diately after the event described iu the last preceding article, to direct «n election of members to Congress int. each of the Congressional districts, and also to direct the election of elect- ors of President and Vice President at the same time, under s" '»"•".—latfons, except as to tana, as are contained in thethe • " ' ^. —Col.Mew Jersey has already given her answer, in advance, to sack an appeal, by her vote In the Presidential elec- tion; and althoQgh Pennsylvania voted differeutly in that contest, it must be borne la mind that there were issuessupposed to be involved in the election affecting the peak-! liar Interests of her industrial system, which, doubtless, mainly inftuenoed her vote. Whenever an issue snail be distinctly presented on tae preservation, by her good faith and loyalty of that Union, of which It is her proud- est boast to be regarded aa the keysttna.noversant with herniatory can doubt where P<ennsylvania will be round.Nor can I doubt, when the day of solemn decision shallarrive, that the powerful Northwestern States—taken oa* I proposition better established than that the ovurttrow of as part of the fundamental law, and are almost as sacred 1888, he became Assistant Adjutant General, with tho ofthesideof Virginia, whose children ate sJlUwiaaf I the civil and domestic institutions of one people by an as the constitution itself. It proclaims to the drained rank of Captain, which he relinquished subsequently to diifused among their bold and enterprising, »—Jew l external or foreign Power is, in effect, a conquest and world that as loyalty to the constitution to the tew of our being promoted to acaptaincyin his regiment, October,we can-mi city,tending it), in my Judgment, sot only justifies but im- to both, who themselves have seceded from the constitu- and gallantry, and no continue* with the army until its peratively demands of the Southern States to take mea- tion, and are indeed rebels and traitors. With great re- triumphal entry into the city of Mexico, in September fol-obnoxious legislation, and thethose rights which have sokmg at8t31. although such a courasne hass ssirable.and I bad hoped that a pble plan might ere this have beamplish this object, I do not think the ighoiMj bo unreasonably postponed under thor expectation that snob a body would be st Itime convened. & should meet atonoa,aa ._„ at once, before the day arrives for the inauguration of a black republican President.I do not think It comports with thespect of Loutoiana, as a steveholdiag State, to live tthe government of a black " * -not dispute the fact that Mr.to the forms of the oonstii—— — .t—he, . „rages, both upon public and private rights,! perpetrated under the forms of tew. Tbtoawahigh above ordinary political considerations. Itinvoh our present honor, and our future existence as a fret i indepsnrteni people. It may be said that when 1 Union was formed it was intended to be s s j | i s l 8 a t j s | was, so far as such a term can be applied tohuman; but it was also intended to bethe same spirit to which it was made, with aregard to the equality of the sovertWe oartalnty are aot pteoad fit the aoanfiha o ftenet and dependencies. If to questions who have opposed in vain the unrelenting hostility ofbut where the alternative to presented of a change in their political rotations, or aa overthrow af their political institutions, they will not hesitate.the traditions and the historic wealth, colonial and revo- lutionary, of the glorious c4dC5ommonwealth of Virginia. In a word, it gives us the Union and constitution as theartillery, in the army of General Scott, and took part In the siege of Vera Otis—being one of the officers to whom was entrusted, by General Bankhead. tho command ofbe had, if practicable in point of time. Loutoianaought not to refuse to meet her sister ah— *"~*council, and there unitedly determine upon a I-r- v—JI- mm: .,*""•* *•«•• ••. . . , , . .i».,», ,,;, ,,^««waawwaenwapi^^^Hawaw«eBBBBSBmeaqBn«nl«nanaBnmanalwec.fi Be tofntaW ordained. That > — » , . -United States, under the said constitution, from 1789 until the day of the sitting of this Convention, and all treaties made under the authority of the same, shall be obligatory uponthepeopleofMisstosipnllasofarastheyareapplicable,.k «,.u os otaerwH that the plan proposed f4hV«fft**Msn in our form of government, bat seeks to protect existingtheory of tae constitution which pre-„ » . — . , ours is a confederacy of independent forms from destruction. It proposes to give us our ohl aad between 183ft and 1837. was Assistant Instructor and responsibility of dot States. A confederacy of iteeh*, in the absence gtorious constitution in rigorous operation, rtiw* enough Inspector s t the United States Military Academy. In that policy so far as iof the federal government, or insure the overthrow ofthe party which has succeeded in the present election.The friends of the constitution and the Union in the North-ern State, they think, compose a larger class than thePresidential election indicates. They have a natural dis-like to what they deem extra constitutional or extrememeasures, and are willing to abide the issue of theelection. I think that in the more Southern States thetime has passed when parties can command confidence.They rather fatigue contempt, A second class fullyrecognise the existence of an arrogant and contumeliousdisregard of their obligations by the New England Statesand Wisconsin and Michigan, in relation to the law forthe extradition of fugitive stoves, and that gelf-respectft-e-quires that notice should be taken of their measures ofnullification. They are ready to make a demand for re- this, my firm belief to that the North, on being convinced, Major, dating from September 8, 1847. October 5,1867,especially his facts, I may not agree with Mr. Stephens.will cheerfully and readily correct their errors. Decla- mation, however, to not what we want; that does not pro- duce conviction; it has hitherto only deluded and excitedhearing on that occasion, we have that of General Worth, who particularly directed the attention of tho Com- mander-in-Chief to the part be had taken hi the action. "For gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle of Mo- lino del Bey," be was promoted to the brevet rank ofI believe the North intend to be faithful and true to the constitution and the tews. If, in fact they are not, and have really violated them so often, the South ought to be able to tell us wherein. If they will proceed to dotyranny is the right of revolution.the right of each State to secede from the Union, sad therefore whatever course Loutoiana may pursue sow, if any attempt should be made by the federal gito coerce a sovereign State, and compel her to itoast authority which she has ceased toshould unhesitatingly recommend thather sister State with the same alacrity andthe colonies assisted each other in theirthe despotism of the OM World.dangers which threaten us, may end in placing the con-stitution and the Union of our fathers upon more solid in combltion with their friends in the North—are la favor such ingenious and oft-reiterated calumnies? What is aad manly action. It will be your province to decide lorn to prepare ourselves for any < t that asSouthern States and for a change of sentiment at the South, and astonished the North. We herein Newthe North, so that before resorting to the extreme England, live too far North to be affected by words MESSAGE OF THE GOVERNOR OF THE 8TATEthe confederacy—what rational motive can be felt by a measure of disunion they shall have exhausted without proof, however much they are reiterated. We OF LOUISIANA. »opinions (except so far as they represented that armed questions of social interest, and the want of any sound arresting of those who are dares. If these and kindred Slavery existed in the colonies tin the Revolutionarydoctrine which menaces our peace, and was contrived for public opinion, furnish strong evidence that sooner or laws do, by their extreme regulations, as in some of the era, and in every State but one when the constitutionour degradation and dishonor) has not formed with them later society then- will experience a general overturn. States may possibly be true, defeat the execution of the was formed. Its existence was recognized in that instru- which have been ordained by that sovaretejetyr Do the subject of either Inquiry or interest. The stern But the distrust of Northern institutions and the dislike Fugitive Slave law, they are clearly of no avail; and every ment by providing for its representation in the popular who band themselves together totOui tiprotest which has spontaneously leaped from the of Northern manners are not active or stimulating emo- Southern gentleman must know it, whenever the fact is boose of the national Legislature. The master was pro- hearts of the Southern people, simultaneously, and yet tions, and show themselves .rather in the want of any proved upon investigation; and certainly, with all their tected by an express affirmation of bit right asassociations, for the purpose of exercising powers de- legated by law to the sworn officers of tho taw, sauna*without any concert, free from revolutionary excesses or party recklessness, indicates a thorough knowledge of tho real extent ami depth of the grievances inflicted upon them, and shows a political maturity in that people ade- quate to evolve the proper remedy and firmly to apply it.anxiety to disturb or restrain this movement. If the generosity of feeling, they cannot deny that the North a citizen of one State to hare "delivered op"formation of a Southern confederacy, to extend from the may well be as Jealous for freedom as the South are for Delaware or the Susquehanna to the western line of New slavery. We need ask no more.the State to preserve order aad protect the rights of agreement and compact, sovereign States as- person snd property? Caa that lawlessness givet the tew, in that It proetetoas Ms „ ^, tend, or he r,Mexico, or to include California, were adopted, I believe atlarge majority of the Southern people would be rejoiced.I believe that thepatience of the people with New Euglaudand some of the Western States to exhausted. In my freedom, and how it disturbs our feelings to see an in- thought to be most permanently fixed, to secure their ad- opinion it is the duty of all the members af the Southern dustrious and inoffensive man, with, perhaps, a depen- hesion to a Union which all then believed would "insure States, in the present emergency, to maintain a larger- dent family, seized and carried away, to serve another domestic tranquillity" aad "promote tbo general wel- liberal and magnanimous course of conduct to oaoldonee of safety? Can that which throwsfare." In a few years the States having an ungenial cli- another. "To be subject one to another is the lesson see this, we have to repress very greatly our deepest mate and a sterile soil found they had no need of slavery acknowledge that the constitution of the United States, if of the constitution; tho hUer regarding the United States of wisdom in this conjunction of affairs. It is not neces- convictions; yet I make no question that the power is as a system of labor, and abolished it within their own sary for me to declare to what class of those I have in the constitution, and that it is our duty to yield to it. limits. They were prompted to this not by considera- enumerated 1 now belong, for I shall not enlist as a par If stoves are rescued let them be paid for by the State. tions of mock philanthropy, as to assumed in the hypo-There are few, if any, among us who do not feel andThere is, as you know, a Northern and Southern theory' faithfully pursued m its letter and spirit, as a confederacy of States, sovereign, independent, and i every desirable guarantee for the rights and liber- equal; the former regarding it as one political communi- ties of all the parties to it We are entitled to demand ty—a consolidated republic, in which a majority of the and insist upon a loyal and upright fulfilment of all its people govern under the forms of the constitution. Either •obligations, aa the sole and indispensable condition on theory may be adopted for the purpose of my argument. which tae Union can be maintained. Let us, for the sake of argument, adopt the latter. It isresign my own t.dnions with facility whenever lean per- grievance; certainly not with South Carolina and the sively by a regard to their material interests. Other ceive that good can be accomplished. What I desire to Gun* States, for they have not lost a hundred slaves States, situated in a more tropical clime, and having have, what I desire to represent and co-operate with, is from the beginning of the government by reason of the within their borders a soil adapted to the growth of pro-af the I'uwo, the immunity of their domestic institutions powers of Government (of which the choice of rulers isall external interference and control, direct or indi- not the least important), be distributed through the entireand the surrender of fugitives froifrom service, aro mass of the nation. This is the point from which all re-aaental principles of the coaatitutiprinciples of the constitutional compact,slppi first, and then of all the Southern States after a can-' the mad mature crmsideartion I can gire, I am wealth of mankind, have retained slavery, because prac- did, impartial and deliberate review of the wholeNubject,i satisfied South Carolina looks to a separation of the tical experience has demonstrated that it is useful, pro-Tork, and as carrying her and the Sooth at once to necessity and adaptatation has controlled the operation But Ifed it my duty to say that I think acquiescence on) an enviable distinction in all that exalts a nation or a of changes in the two systems of labor, we the part of the South, tn the results of the late Presidential' people. But it is n delusion I must believe—a fatal delu- have not ignored tho moral and social aspect contest, is fraught with more danger to the safety of her node-' sion, from which it to possible she may awake too late. of the question. Men of intelligence—politicians ty, the liability ef her institutions, thefreedom of her citizens \ For her I have not one unkind feeling, and I will not re- moralists and statesmen—formerly apologized for and thelites of herpeople than canpoaiUy mend any of the' member any unkind words which she or the South have the existence of slavery among us on the score I doubt that they will be yielded by a largo majo- parts should seek and contribute to legitimate rule iu plant if resistance to black republican rule. uttered on the floor of Congress or elsewhere. I pray of inexorable necessity, and shrank from a defence of Upon the stability of slavery in the Southern States . God to give us all wisdom, forbearance and national sym- their people for its retention. But when abolitionism,rity, if not by all, oT our co-States. If any should refuse common; and if any part, whatever be their number, in-by that act the """ *"~"*" of recusancy they will renounce•toy of the co»constitution itself, and pat them* via, of the pale of the Union.of settlement as those here briefly indi-tibto, in their details, of more or less de- -would, in my opinion, satisfy the views of . larga majority of the shareholding States. Thay would •ot be likely to obtain the acceptance of South Oar..- who seems determined, by a foregone conclusion, ga out of the Union, in spite of every possible and to drag as many of her sister aa she caa after bar. What success her .policy of coercing other States into disunion have remains to be seen. Bat it may, not be presumed that Georgia, who did not recognise her dkutoral authority in 1832 and in 1881, would still prefer her own platform, laid down with so much wisdom and firmness in the latter year, and which, with one or two suggested additions, Is so well adapted t o mast the requisitions of the present crisis. If Georgia, true to the traditions of her farmer patriotic policy, be sat toted with an adjustment, reconciling the rights of the South with the preservationof the Union, the probability hi that her neighbors, Ala- bama and FTorIda, would be equally so.pathy. Once, Mr. Buchanan might have averted these emboldened by increasing strength, began to attack ourpresentative liberty starts, and to which it must return.t, however clear in theory, are practically denied inquarters, aad call, therefore, for new and un- draw its force from all the parts of the entire body ofaauliotal securities for their future observance. If these society, so that, by their reciprocal independence, they aecurities be demanded with calm and dignified bat m- can counteract the tendency of any one part to usurp with bloater and denunciation—I the sovereignty of the whole. It to required that all theThat the central authority must derive its nutriment, andof law. My proposition is, that the principle, not the existing conditions—I submitted, for the consideration irfform of representative government, has been violated. the Legislature of our State, tho plan to which your let- The policy of a conquering Power has ever been to dis- ter refers. It is intended to avoid the perils that attendguise its grasp upon the liberties of a people under the transitions from dismemberment to reorganization and sameness of external forms; not to startle the people by also the evils of provisional governments.Hon. JABUB DIXOX.WM. W. EUiWoitTH. these States not only determined that they would not against him, but of which he declares his entire tass> *B have slavery themselves, but they have also declared eence. He was formerly empibye-d la this city tor a tea*any striking alterations, but cheat them by respect fortheir usages and customs mto acquiescence in the controlwhich it covertly assumes over their public aflhirs.The Greek republics retained all their forms of muni- authority, who shall provide that the constitution of the cipal government—the freedom of legislative and United States shall remain in full force and effect amonghousehold and other property, to their newJudicial proceedings unchanged—while all Greece lay, at the States withdrawing; that the laws and decisions of the feet of Philip, a subjugated nation. This to the rela- courts which are now of force in the republic of North tion which the Southern people, if they quietly submit to America under the authority thereof, shall be adopted as this election, will sustain to the Executive Department of a body of laws for the federal government about to be1. If a sovereign State to Judge of the infraction as well rights of Southern citisens, and to deprive us of one of trunk in a wagon to the railroad. Arriving at Srnatoba •> new -jBat, whatever might be the decision of those States, the government on the 4th day of March, 1881. They established; that tho iieeple of the States so withdraw ins: .can be little doubt tint Maryland, Delaware, Vlr will live under a Chief Magistrate whose power touches will bind themselves to observe and sacredly carry ont Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina. Missouri, them at every point, penetrating into their States, their the stipulations of all treaties subsisting between the Texas, and, it is to ha hoped, Mw- towns, cities, villages and settlements, their business ar- I nited States of North America and foreign governments ietoo, would cordially unito in such a plan of ad- rangements and family relations—a CSitf Magistrate anterior to the date of said ordinance, until such treaties are the natural allies of Virginia in every great dectfd in mo part bo thorn, but oner them, bo another are changed or altered, or are disregarded bv such na- of the republic. She caa never divorce herself petfleiridHo dutant/nm them in locality, and tliU more tion with this government about to be estaWis'hed As thoso out of tbt Union.2. If other States have infracted the Union, not sh?, and ueteffuenttol, and demented zealots in New England. aae) asked him where be was going aad what he was Pernort|The leading feature of that plan is^thc adoption of the present government, either by a general convention of the Southern States or by commissioners appointed by theirmeans by "fighting in the Union," replies as follows:— Botxawox, near Norfolk, Va., Dee. 1,1840.shall themselves desire the existence of the Institution. band. I now thank you for it. As to my doctrine of Ibto to an Intolerant and intolerable assumption ef pow- ''lighting in the Union," it to one of true policy. er—an avowal of a reckless resolve to disregard theonesaee and North Carol ina— widely ihftinct tn pasnViu*, prvjudiee.t, interests, civil and flrst step iu this direction I submit for year consider t stanttol thing, embracing many essential and vital politi- rrouad her, aad with which domestic ius.titutk>ns, than they are in geographical jiosi- tun the ordinance which I think tho people of MisaisaiDDi cet rights and properties. It has nationality, lands, talents of the most inti tion. The obligation to submit and liveunderaChief shouldadoptintheirConventionof the7thofJanuary" treasury,organisationsofarmy,navy,ships,dockyards,it is recollected Magistrate thus elected one Presidential term, implieswee severely flogged.About ten o'clock, a crowd of thirty or forty retsat a Western state. i, her natural outkt •ba to. by that cir-r _ V children w b a t b y t b a t t o sthe obligation to do so "under an indefinite number of term*—forever. T*e right of the Neoth tojiace the tUrcu- tirt Department in svek a relation to the Southern people, to- nArrs the right to ]4act all the departments of the goeemment in that relation. But would that be representative llber-to the railroad station, took Smithyman out and marhim int<> ihe woods. There tbey stripped him naked,. e . W w thsiiud 114 the weather was intensely cold, aad gwi flo*.i~ tyr Liberty does not exist where rights are on one side western part ofthe Mis8is.iPpi Territory to farm a^outuiu! tion and st»te government, and for the a d n S S o n T s o e tcomplete freedom of the slave from any danger from ar-rest and detention is secured by Personal Liberty bills.They besst of annually depriving us of this species ofpropertytotheextentofmillionsofdollars. Theirciti-zens form combinations to prevent the emigration ofSouthern <-itiyens with their slaves mto the unoccupiedand common domain of the country. The man who isnow the President elect of this republic of States has de-clared, at s recent date, that we could not remain as wehave ever been, part slave and part free, but that theconflict between the Northern and Southern systems of the wouds again, made him strip, tied histohor must end with the downfall of slavery. around a tree, and then shavod bis head as ctow i Ihetle<tionofMr.LincolnbytheNorthernpeopleas theycouMLthecrowdurgedhimtotellallahootlb> such and power on the other. To be liberty, rights must be , m armed with vital powers. A people cannot be free State.!*'and? * " *B e < , u a l*«***>*° original destroy tho Union and constitution, and he will stare athundred, with a thick leather bolt, sometime*flati sometimes with tbe*edge. A man who appeared tot doctor ;•***» advised tbem to desist, saying that ' would tttite-h* the- job the next day. They then put 1 backinthefreightear,with nothing huthiseft*'who do not participate inthecontrolofthegovern- ^bei'lf;^«?Jl?!Ln,l>IJgU8h.Wlr'**•mopleofMiaals- ment which operates upon them. If it to «ppt, by a convention called for the purpose? did f u m t Syouandturnaway. Buttellhimthattheconstitutionis infracted and the Union throated by black republicans, andcallhim toaidyouin defending bothagainstthose wl:o would destroy both, and he will act heartily with you.ft. Then bow is this to bo done? The third Cause of the tenth section of the first article of the constitution of theirresponsibleto them, if they cannot contributetothe check upon its operations, they are not a free people, but subjects, dependent for their rights and interests upon no power in themselves, but upon the moderation and Justice af irresponsible rulers, or upon those revoln-t^^ivesacourttu^and^tate goSeTO/'and'bTor^nance then did consent to become•at to become a member of the federalUnion, on an eqQtualfoc ~ ....footing with the original state*: \£&7— is, on the M10tilh December, 1MWhereas, oa Ihe Hkh'D^'mbOTTTwf bv resolution >( th»of the United States, the StatCtngrrn of the United States.the'staWMttppi b*eam,r of the federal I'nlon and haa old rug to protect him during the night. In the iing he was released and permitted to pay fifty centsfir^ cup of coffee.selection as fhief Magistrate would have bam, ineither' from henee-did n<i he would be strung up. By this time man was half dead from exhaustion and fright, lieving that it was hto only chance of safety from teg, he boldly avowed that he had tampered with ** With a shout the eager listeners seized him, aad I^*T> m "TM«~v system has besn destroyed, society, la all its elements ssthrown into disorder. In this election the democratic ttcment of our government shares the fate of the repre-S. c. X Be it further ordained, That the si ate of m«^-<—.fight for all and save ail.HENRY A WISE.disregard of t*~—" of the entire South thanhereby consents to form a federal union -** S^EWna*.one of the vitalUna, Georgia, Florida, Alat>.tra. North Caronan, South Caro- Tennrssow, K< , Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas,t ^ ^ ^ T ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ r S S ^ ^ o from thecee hitherto; and,force, stylingtliemselves1 a severance of the Untoa b y s o e b a ~[ with it to them inevitable con chinery of ervtl society. Such will ba the condition of WhereaaforauiUdent causes, in the opinion of this Con (nited Mates permits a State to keep troops and ships oftionary remedies which constitute no part of the ma-vention, the said federal I nion should be dissolved. ^J&*E&2?&*a ****nauo»U»Cmonuntil BeItthereforeordained,bytheauthorityofthepeopleofwar in time of peace, aad to engage in war, when ac- tuallyinvaded,orwheninsuchimminentdangeraswill not admit of delay. Now, are we not actually invaded?1Is our danger not imminent! Does it admit of delay?May not a sovereign State so deckle?6. And what to tbo difference? Will it not be revolu-tion and war in either event?I say, then, stick to all your rights, renounce none,after the 4th of March next. Yon will observe that it isa nwtter of noknporunce to the people of the Southwhether Mr. Ltoooln «ras elected according to the formsof the cons!, tdbon or in disregard of those forms. Had gippi reaume all t i, powers he been "PifJnkJ by the Governors of tho Northern, or no*nated by tbeorowned beads of Rorope, his forth be a free aad.laaaiwudmt state.the representative of these opinions, and the executor ofsuch intentions as are foreshadowed without ambiguitvby the public men and political bodies having affinitywitb him, shows' that the Northern mind is poisoned would ronfees his life should be spared, but that ifJMississippi »• Convention assembled, that the ordinance of the lath day of August, ]gl7, by which the Stab*of Miaaisaipotenied M eecoiae a memnar <>rta* r«*~»»>v-i--consent* beoome a member of the federal f nionTTeTa'nddoings in the interior, aad said that tbey knew be guilty ot exciting slaves to insurrection,with them and all that. Three or tour said thatthe same is hereby repenltd, and thai1t thefitate or Miss}*:Delaware, Maryland, Vlrc^f». with the States'ofRESIGNA TION OP A UNITED bT A TES ARMY OFFICER.Btevet Iieut. CoJ. W. H. Walker, ef the United States Army, has resigned his com mis* ion, and in the event ofMexieo, r,--i dm Indian T- " r' :.;•vwand Missoari, and the Tejritory of NewThe wtoe counsels of the fathers are forgotten or unheed-rope around his neck, but others were so anxio* 1And now that I am speaking of the Fugitive Steve tew let me say in all candor, the South do not duly con- sider bow deeply our people are attached to personalsented; it was part of the bond; it was one of the condi- tions or fellowship—one of the inducements to ute States where slaves were most numerous, and slavery wasintended, to Increase ourwhich the tew emanatest rPeevaeotweaoceitfiozrenths,ecarved; permit not an over-excited seal to ato blind you to the too certain consequences _ _ _ _ . , fortexample. If your laws are defective, within thirty dayfof an evil | b . gi A— - _This gallant and dkrtlngulshed offlcer, tinority section made by the United State* of America shall continue to ba pies tbe'important and trying position of oommaader of UaJoa. But tf It to tobinding as before upon ihe State of MuwbadppL and thatpro-Fort Moultrie, to a native of Kentucky, and was born September, Moe. On the first, ate/ of July, 1821, he en-Itwith thaw! practically assigned thwhen the letter aad spirit ofequals tf we are to be oapn property,and to be liiaaalatd over ay a]' retire fromfrost stei . « « . « , « « . , that the future |policy of the State«ful and calm consideration which m her citisens may have aa opportunity of expression to then-views to this rem your honorable bodies to provide for I bars of a Convention, so soon as n regard to time, to whom aha! bet^ " '"*~ ~nshell perf _tered the Military " • graduated July 1,1825..*aTaw«hi_.__Col. Dcujuuuiiiut ci , vi~express stipulation, to an implied recognition of to suppress domestic violence and repel foreign invneion, 1888 he became Ad-de-camp to Major General Scott: aad tho federal government. That irndliness to the subsisting institutions of its safe, to the sfleotloce of our people, from the attacks of in the following year published "Instruction for Field consult and decide without regard to s t y erioup members. Bp this election the hmreteiredvpen the poteen of a commonfanaticism, and sectionalism, and black republicanism Artillery, Horse and Foot, arranged for the service of theaad red republicanism, all combined. It gives us all the United States." "For gallantry and successful conductearnestly desired that a conference or Coat ilon of the ItoveboJdinx States should be held, tear that they might ownsai together and act aaitedbr to i_ _ . t * e deetored purpom that thmv SUatotfimM' fit this measage; bat I do not t existing emergeacies, that I, the i ef the State, should omit the «laws of the old republic, and those grand decisions of the in the war against the Florida Indians," be received theI port tlarehoidino and «art non^arthoVkmg. Tbwe is no judiciary, which have grown up around the constitution brevet ef Captain, bearing date Aprils, 1888. July T, convictions as to the course which our Iof saySuch an erection (to view of all the circumstances at- lathers made them, and separates us from the enemies tho batteries. This duty he performed with signal skill to be of the Northern States for tbereiOP CONNECTICUT.HABTK)RD, Nor. 27,1860.of especial praise oa the part of his sufariei CkptamBurke,hisimmedtoteoominander,inhtoof September 9, says:—" Captain Robert Anderson (act- ing field officer), behaved with great heroism on thisto of course a diversity of opinion as to the ex-tent of the measures to be taken. There Is a large classin the more northerly of the slaveholding States who willbe content with measures of vigilance, and who look toa reorganisation of parties which will modify the action before the Legislature of Georgia. We hear from over- occasion. Even after receiving a severe sad painfulMifDaun Pm:—I cannot express to you the pleasure I havefexperienoed in reading the speech of Mr. Stephensagitation that has existed upon the subject of slavery, its (as to said to be our habit) and before a successful appealfatal effects upon the society of the Uaited states, and can be made by South Carolina to our consciences, to thetheir conviction that there will be no suspension or pause I God af armies, to the God of justice, and to the syrnpa-in the agitation, and that the conflict is indeed irrepressi- 1 thy of tbo nations of the earth, these facts mast bees time to consider the condition of our present end future ble, and arises in the antagonism that'exists in the po- tabitohed, or else it to we, and not South Carolina, that relations to the federal government, before tbo control ofof secession. But considering all the evib that belong to there in his sentiments, or In the platform upon which whether its importance justifies Ibe assembling of the legislation may produce. We are withtourselves from attack should our sovereignty be i aad it therefore becomes our imperative duty to iMT P-UR tat:—Your letter. Of the 4th instant, request- Territories, and in all places of federaljuriadiction.be purpose. Let us then, my dear sir, cease, on either side, An event has now occurred of the gravest import to the fore, to ba prepared for prompt aad judicious asttoa,I ftpeeted ing me to give you my "views as to the best method of placed beyond oavil or dispute, and that the slaveholding to utter words in baste and passion which only widen the people of this whole country, but especially to those of recommend the creation of a military beard or L cad concentrating the efforts of all tho friends Of a real and States should mutually guarantee their own rights, so breach between us. the Southern States. Abraham Lincoln aad !*—*«o>-' commission, whose duty it shall be tobona fide resistance in Missfesippi, and l i e South, to that in the event of the renewal of another slavery Every day I meet in my walks gentlemen o/ great ex- Hamlin, having received the endorsement of the poMtloal arms and distribute them to volunteerat Aould Induces* w> decMwTsacha eteplet tl»of briil»i idnw itand Mtlni ouatii black republican rule," to before me. Apart from my agitation the remedy will be plain and adequate. cellence and intelligence who inquire, with amazement, party caUing itself republican—the fundamental prin- throughout the State, under a systemTfo result of the recent Presidential contest has inflict- ed a daugvtous, perhaps a fatal wound, on the confidenceand / doubt if there be a Judge in any of the higher courts in»»?*ber'!jf>•"••- tolyjajgn^tthk^ong coaSnued obstruction to its eeeeutum. There are, however, some and ignominious punishment. The representative man of relatione with the federal government were otherexist in respect to the wortb of a nominee for that office, and the habitual attack upon the foundations of our and that parties and demagogues may sometimes succeed society by men occupying public stations of the highest in debauching or misleading the popular Judgment in trust and responsibility, have estranged the majority of favor of an unworthy candidate. There is, in our consti- the Southern people from their Northern connection, and tution, important checks upon tho Presidential power, they would prefer a In ion among themselves, other condi- and the tenure of office is not so long as to enable a vi- tions being equal. That is, it a Southern confederacy omiMcious man, unassisted, to do irreparable mischief, even in be formed without war, or violent change in existing the full possevsiou of that power. The people of the South conditions, the popular mind would receive no shock. understand fully the nature and functions of the federal The people would anticipate more of security and happi-State, I should endeavor to do my duty impartially in the ramification of our social system.premises, or relinquish my office. If its provisions are 1 feel myself oppressed by the magnitude of the Issue correct. it to the law of the land, and the executive of the involved in the action of our State at this crisis. I have United Ptates to sworn to see to its faithful execution. If beheld with admiration the beautiful and well propor- in any case its provisions should be pronounced uncon-stituttonal, the question could quietly be reviewed by theSuprt me Court of the United States.Soutl VIGILANCE COMMITTEE IN MOBILE. lootedThe Mayor of Mobile has issued the following proclaim* hit Mn tion:—ine other, and is rery mjluential in all. It is possiblethat all th* classes which favor some nation would bothere will be an assemblage with full and rightful powr to remedy those defects. If your tews are not defecim, but their administration is to the hands of unfaithful « weak aad incompetent officers, discharge your by ten- ting these So resign. The Individual respecta-tisan of any opinion, in any part of this contest. I shall' ] fear, however, the Fugitive Steve tew to not the real critical cant of these tetter days, bat simply and exclu- bility of the members of a lawless association cannot ren-without reward, during his whole life. When weder such association respectable, but unfortunau-ly oorj makes U»e example more pregnant of eviL It may be I very conservative and right disposed mob, but it to as ' tor all that. How soon win it prove to have been therent of a succession of mobs, each more violent than preceding, until anarchy prevails, aad the fierceof brutal passions inaugurate another reign of There to ao safety outside of the tew. Bring me in >~~ with whom It may, I shall discharge my duty under - tew and enforce the tew. Shall I not have the support every Southern man, of every good catena, aad will not evidence their determination to give sac"promptly disbanding all secret and unlawful _ , •>• ML WITHERS, Mayorsulated from the rest, assumes the common governmentover the others by virtue of a prerogative whichit arrogates to itself as its exclusive possession, the of the federal government at home and abroad . upon us. The rejection of Kansas by the Senate of the ligious aspects of the question became the subjects ofresult is not liberty; it to tyranny unmixed. Test tho and the right to carry our property upon the United States as a free State ,when they had before voted scrutiny, and the result has been a complete vindicationrecent Presidential election by this principle. The North- common Territories of the Union, and to enjoy It there to receive her as a slave State, was a grievous wound to of our institution, and a correction of popular errors con-ern States—or, if you prefer the expression, the Northern without bar or hindrance from any quarter, I am pre- freedom, which drove thousands upon thousands into the cerning it. We have decided to retain it, and believepeople—have usurped an entire branch of the govern- jiared to advise firmness. Believing, as I did, that a vast republican ranks—enough, perhaps, to decide the Presi- that any other people similarly circumstanced will bement, to the exclusion of the Southern people. I do not majority of the Southern people prefer a union of the dential election. l»eu« titled by it. The non-steveholdmg States got rid ef phis. Mr. bsatthyman was drivenwish to be understood ae saying that the Southern people Southern States to the existing connection with the it, and we did not complain. They exercised their owahave been deprived of the privilege of depositing their North—providing such a result could be secured without But I will say no more on this interesting topic at pre- judgment and gratified their own desires by that act. Bet week, after suffering severe injuries far oranes altejeffi n si the iThe equal rights of the States in the common Territories an essential condition of representative liberty that the- the sound and deliberate opinion of the people of Missis-' non-execution of the Fugitive Slave tew. Oa ducts which increase the happiness and augment theand having reference to all the responsibilities, to them- * selves, their ancestors and, their posterity.as an institution of society, government and pro-perty, entitled to tho recognition aad protectionballots and having them counted with all the formalities radical changes iu their fundamental system or shock to •*?»• , ^Inton as making Charleston the rival of New fitable and essential. While, however, the great tew ofterrible evils; he railed in his duty, and they arc now system of tabor as a sin and a crime, the moral and re-AN ENGLISH ABOLITIONIST LYNCHED MISSISSIPPI.GOVERNOR WI8E ON THE CRISIS.that no new sovereignty within the sphere of their in-fluence shall have it, and no new soil shall boweeks so a miller, to the Planters' Mills, aa PraakJin ave- nue, and went to Mississippi for employmeet to June tost He e-btained work iu Panola and De Soto counties, near the Tenneaaee Ihv. He worked for several parties,Ex-Governor Wise, or Virginia, having been written to worked by it, although the inhabitants shall have car-by a gentleman of Columbus, Ga., to define what he ried slaves, along with the other members of theiring millstones, snd met with ao opposition from any, party whatever till a week ago yesterday, when be start-ed from Looxahonue, De *oto county, forSenatobia su- tarn, oa the Tennessee and Mtosaviapi Railroad, fremM^. miles distant. employing a negro to carry himself and"DKAR SIS—Tours of the 22d alt. was late coming toat of the mode and measure of redress, she may remainin the Union to resent or resist wrongs aa well ae to dothe inherent and necessary privileges which attach to us after dark, be procr-eded to look up some freight for the w CHAIR as equate. negro's owner, and in do>ug ss w.nt into the freight de-So long as such sentiments were confined to scattered, pot. While inert? three or lour persons Jtejourunthey excited no other feeling than contemptuous oommtoe- the State wronged, is bound to defend the constitution ration; but they have now permeated the whole structure of and Union against those who have infracted the one and social and industrial life In the non-slavehold ing States, andMAJOR ROBERT ANDERSON, U. 8. A.Its disruption. TheSmith, and others, who - In civil life as in the linewound, he continued at the head of the column, regard- less of pain and self-preservation, and setting a"example to his men, of coolness, energy andGeneral Garland speaks of him as being, with "some few others, the very first to enter the strong position of B Molino," and adds that "Brevet Major B acheaan. FourthTATJVXS or ran GBJOOUL Afiaunajga or m s STATS OF LOCI- I have convened your honorable bodies st this unusualFoutb e< mplain of ao much ? I am obliged to say, "I do slavery—have now been elected to the two highest offices to mature a plan for the reorganisation of eari not know, sir.>» in our federal government by a purely sectional vote, and report to tho tegular session Of the Geaerai.men who consider the federal government a failure, the con-nection of Northern aad Southern States as unnatural,and the independence of the latter a tspremegood—them are for immediate, imcoadifisaal and eoen <ib- else, let me say, if there be any wrong here It should that such election would be considered evidence of a de- men of military edncsttns) snri experience, who win rupttecetnm- This class is diminishing in numbers and be put right, and I have no doubt it would be. The liberate design to pervert the powers of the government roughly understand our wants, and the best aad tonsand rancorous agitation, which ha« divided our chuechesrent assunder political parties, diminished and embitter-ed the intercourse of society, unfitted Congress for theperformance of the functions imposed by the constitu- Bat. as 1 have said, the power to after all given in the ington. So great has been the change of public sentiment ef the Adjutant General, which accompanies the Measar*. Prayei tion, the incendiary disp«*itiohs manifested in its constitution, and as.a Judge, having been myself honored in the non slaveholding States of this confederacy upon a THOMAS O. MOOSE. Mr. Riheways have a wise, faithful and patriotic President.We may reasonably expect that delusions will often course by the representative men of tho northern States, for many years with a seat on the highest court in Otto question vital to our interests and interwoven with every Exxctrrrx Omca, Bason Bores, Dec. VI, I860. i be iin the history of the world, f of the constitution did not anticipate that we should al-without the most earnestness than in the present Union.The corruption of the State and municipal governmentstf any tf our State laws conflict with the act qf Congress,they are, if course, mere waste of paper, and eeery judge which we have become so prosperous and great, and have will be bound to pronounce them a nuUity. I have no doubt endeavored to repel the conviction which events haveThe feeling of insecurity pervading the minds of mtnd which has its origin to the formation af secret irresponsible associations, renders to proper that 1take counsel with my fellow citizens, ff over therea periodwhenitwasspecially incumbent onevery etti—,fouldb by precept and by example, to uphold and m*jpt*fr the supremacy of the tews of oaf Slate, now most certainly Isthe time. We are to the midst of a revolution, and are invoking the sovereignty of our State against wrong sad Bnerea oppression. If we be honest and tree, does H not be-hoove us to magnify that sovereinty, and stake it Iable, by a strict and conscientious obedience to theHr. Hngovernment. They do not need to be taught that its le-gitimate structure furnishes them ample and efficientmeans of checking the vices of executive administration,protecting themselves against the hostile and unconstitu-tional purposes of the existing incumbent, and of evenrepairing such violations of the fundamental law as may, their red republicanism, Infidelity and anti-Christian ideas- cise of a power liable to great abuse, and one that the forms of the constitution invoked to cloak the perpe- during bis term of service, be beyond their control. The the intemperance and violence and indecorum of the is odious to those who are not familiar with its sway. It tration of outrages upon the rights of some of the sove- personal character of Mr. Lincoln and his political Northern clergy, and the anarchy of opinions upon all is a law to insure safety to free men, and not to thwart the reignties which formed it.1832 aiNorth; the magnitude of their cities, and the coaeeqoeot disorder and crime and disparity of condition among the inhabitants; tho increase of heterogeneous populations;that the Personal Liberty bill of this State (so called)— and I speak more particularly of this bill, for I have not examined the laws of the other Settee—was passed In good faith by our Legislature to guard against the exer-forced upon me, that that government is about to be per- verted to purposes never designed by its founders; that the Union to broken in spirit by the attempted destruc- tion of the equality of the States which compose it, andtioned fabric made by our forefathers' hands, ot a Union of equals, under safeguards provided by a oonatitution adapted to the wants of the age in which it was made. I have clung with warm affection to the government underkUToa's Omca, Cm or Moaus, \ Dacmoaa 8, lawk /•PPSto him his slave "escaping mto another." To thaio f ]lflamnotmtotakentopubltooptoion,theCunvoatka,if assembled, will decide that Louisiana will not sabautte the residency of Mr Lincoln. In the temper tot the nor-f to increase the confidence of the timid In the ability ef rwatfh(From the St. Louis Democrat. Dee. g.jA rerptctabie looking man named Wm. Sautbymaanative of England, and for severalyears Wisconsin, arrived in this city ondoing He told them looking for some freight for LiatSbomJe; but tbey charged htm with being an abohtioos* BteLeghdocum Pa*>tievery cue of them has nullified the Fugitive Steve tew, as afterwards appeared, was threatened withand enacted the most stringent penalties against assisting death if he didn't confess that the man in She freightany master in recovering his slave There are not more had endeavored to persuade him to run off. Thethan two, or at most three, Northern States, I think, that thinking., probably, to save himself from torture' midl •en*./. havenotlegislatedinsomemanner inimical totheclear suchwasthecase,butnotwithstandingthecooleartoo. constitutional rights of the slave owner in this particular.The use of their prisons to denied tor the lodgment of es-caped slaves, and every officer and citizen to forbidden,under pant of punishment heavier than that inflictedby them for some heinous crimes, to aid or assist iuthreatened the other. Logically, the Union belongs to leavened the whole mass. Their gradual propagation has freight car. wliM-h tbey locked, and then wtthose who have kept, not to those who have broken its been evinced by the legislation of these States. Nearly village to tell the story. The negro was alsocovenants.3. Ibe Union to not an abstraction: it to a real, sab-Jt>. lm Sfi, Or.;any manner to the capture of our negroes, while the htm a Urge number of stripes, the victim thiuka t* ft* ace \tagainst us, and that It no longer respects our rights ortheir obligations. The large majorities given in nxa ofthese States for the electors favorable to Mr. Lincoi i isan evidence ofthe universality of this feeling of hosti toyto cur institutions, and of the depth to which ibisdelusion of the popular mind has penetra <!. were for hanging him. An attempt was mads teJSand a sueps iotis persou, and seized and threw tutu tots*An armedMen. '-then took him into custody afresh, west 1Jnutaten two neighbors—unit*ed—the fraternal remonstrances of the South, whether ifcttea of Amertea, and aosord- the secession of Georgia will command a battalion of vol made li^ individual <.iiize*s t>r -ovore-ign States, are <!:»?-another open.tion that the would be executioners f*" Maithyman w*s stripped, and Ikjuid tar, abaest enough to scald. wa.« poured oyer hto bead, tadJest of Arkalwas, under the nemeair!-•>•: t h e l u u e d s _ing to th --u - and effect of the constitThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069o! me Vnited unXeere in that State, lie commanded a company in theregarded—the ware ing ot one of their own state-men.Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com'•epr.4 