 I.their!eloquent appeals to the same Grand'Tribunal • of , 'Chief of the Portuguese fleet. Napier, however, was is left her to pursue % t •.'•*<•' r«j^ ,' ;;: \ -u: -A % A _• institution of Slavery existing in fifteen of the States.B*'»•|3os. army,and^VictorEmanuelhisarmy,inwhich,lory . help . of Admiral Persano's ships, the for-.Toaer is beaten ent and out. Really now, inquiresrithms. Hisfather,.afterwhomhewasnamed,was bers,"ihoDemocraticpai-tyisaofargoneintheState the second son of Francis, the fifth Lord Napier. He " of Connecticut, that it will take centuries to white-standbytheUnionasourfathersgaveittous. Mis-sissippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas rejoicing. We are in the. midst of great events. Wo';'"From The Mobile Tribune, Uth.Jtheir behalf, as was put, forth in favor of thosewho fell into the purgatory depot while, piouslyfighting for the topographical privileges of Pius IX. •all in the reduction of Acre. Sir Charles Napier among They were forwarded to heaven " slap-dash; and no the mountains of Beyrout would no doubt again be de-So soon as this Confederacy is formed, we will throwopen our ports to the ships and commerce of the world,cut loose from Yankee manufactories, erect factories of with tbe devil, and tne Constitution a compact our own, and develop the rich resources now slumber-ing dormant in our states. W e will levy taxes uponAFFAIRS 0«r OWTI Con^ipon%m&au&cB..arrested. The nation \wuT• pass,.thrnrign the Red Seathat you are about to teach the people of' the; Kotthwho have abueed, opprewed, insulted and betmvedn.' that tbe bitter cup of indignity and msult i« fllw7» overflowing;^ that tbe point \ot enduraw*%aKJ2" 1J?2*l!r*9K» weeks bet,Miml * ^*^<yap m0mwtrnmf^W^m0»fi'fmWiceptedbyNap^coli!; £,;vl-.-.; -• ••'^.'•• - ••• I\.-U.- ->hd'v\fijgb'tmg~wa8;v>'indeed',' talking ioH'ae 'other Lord John Russell** setter to the British Minister ChaTles wfcen'a bullet entered the hose Of the Tatter,at Turin' settles ibu. i I need toot point out the : lodged in the jawi andshatteredtiie bonei • In Npvem-flagrant toxical centrtdictien} between this dinlo- ber, ISlOj'-Cl'nrles Jaine^iNhpier writes to' his mother,| pjbmt to;a«ondition nw which 8be is surrounded, to the haven of safetv. pj[ flrfct powers,of the worh%wifl be ip-ag^eat; measure loW-citizenp, I rejoice that you have rerirted. I re«tT1M H I H H**Piedmontese troops enter the Pontifical territory, exaggerated. The general opinion here and now is *' he shall be forced to oppose them. * * * # * quite decided that there will 'be ho war—-at leastnotwise in an Admiral who hopes for employment to (sectional) majority of voters—most of whom are igno- accuse one Minister of effrontery," to sneer at another rant of our people, and many of whom have no right as a fool, and to treat all with asperity. It is not wise to.decide the question in dispute. ;'in any man to reduce a great public question to a con- Our Southern people are supposed at the North-to bo test of personalities, to be perpetually complaining mere hraggarte—this, at least, is the opinion of thethat his merits are not recognized, and to insist upon it men who nave elected Lincoln. [And they have some that the neglect of his suggestions is to be exphdned reason to believe this, for .repeatedly, heretofore, weSeaboard States have signified their intention to resign upon the 4th of. March next. Conventions of several States, including South Carolina2 Georgia, and Ala- bama, and probably Mississippi, will soon be held.for the purpose of appealing to the people in their sover-which nature, by a .sudden convulsion, has. rent in twain, letting tbe water pass through—so between the North and South there rolls and ever will roll an im- Sassable river to keep in eternal separation the two4The Charon" The Pal/TM .•Crganizatioi: c|" The French Government will not tolerate the cul- ^<**9able aggression of the Sardinian Government." This cannot be explained away; public attention111 next Spring. There, is a growing opinion,- grow- ing from no one can say what well-established grounds, but certainly growing, that, somehow orby the spitefulness of opponents. This, however, Sir Cbarles Napier was too frequently in the habit ofhave terribly "thundered in the index," and have qui-'M.mmmmm^^m^^mm*>»»'»>^<*" ***-»•,- .*^*'*4~ •C*'^ "*•*(Is to bare a Ui tation «C Hio stock bear* oj* nnper green i« of the plant .-n nature. At th of a raUleenMk< Tbe motto i* A banner Istbe a bama" acT',-- i• •/ • 'THB'I The Hon. A ited Savanmihtbe.folJowim'' eflofthe.Intt<Oxnitxair.matrc?epi«pe and onewrit^ DythesamebandtoMj?tte8e |! 'JBlack Charles ia'a queer fellow as ever icrossed me,ii-hmi'icrta"I Krom the turn matters are now taking in various passed, and that the point of resistance h a s - a t l 2tihe tia*ne address two nioottfs ]ttgo. Y ou will be apt and as honest a one,*'; and then he gives the copy of a .#^^'!fra^xirite*&m* to pnWSsh it entire. Ewd^Q^fi, then, to. sa:y th^tf -by -letter which the queer fellow,' on quitting the army,t it me lEngK)MGoyernmen%^^ time addressed to the First Lord of the Admiralty: ,i •>: .: wnwininc hero, forI ©xpeot you will 0ye me a ship,a*l *&,??'it* Sides, wbieh bw been taken ^ ^ a ^ ^ J g ^ ^ ^ g ^ J g i jsJ and shake. GaSta men*tiredof cexnpaimiing,-whiob ii»arum concern.,,» <C. «..-M :CaroliEais to fiiad ho efffective support-outside of her insolent triumph in the very midnt ot their i n * ? WS^&^^^^^^^m0X •ownlihiitsi,for!herschemeofpreventingageneral:' jnsnltmgrevels,inrejoicingoverus,thattheH££wm,oneside, writ*ere*alhighRomandignitariesffor%thenew_staj&ofthingsinItaly,andonjyjwaits "Sir:Mykriveofabsenceinjustoat.pEdon'tthinkitworOx«tt the ot>of this- Union will fall npon their affrighted S duty to themselvesundertheGeneralGovernmentin hi tb Crb0l f fromlide* by toaatim here, and baacofte du^tfromMsfeet,%oreeegnize .EmanuelasKing Theresultof..thisappealwasatfappoiutmentto the *>^e *ritehAweatmj?. *V>beginjnetnfterthe;ofPiedmont,Uwtbria;theMarches,andthe1 Two Thames,32.•In'thisvessel,;andintheEuryalus,we' fi •?'-'•ttebatktooiiri A A« ^ . ; °» nnclooded sfc? eonvenedby t^ ^wufcig, -«nd report "briefly; General -Laiaori-; SwaTies.' The ar^imient volunfceefed by Lord John •natteries;landlng troops,' capturing merchantmen andfin this document for the justification :of Victor whole fleets of gunboatis^drivihgon shore vessels which We published yesterday the proclamation of 0ov-T ^ftfe declared that the- French Grevernmerffc bad Emanuel's ^Bcy^aod ^ ^ u r a q ^ p C i i a ^ w B 8 ^ he could riot captureimidfinaUy. operating with distin- . ernor Letcher, convening the Legislature ofTirginia **&&&& fr oppose % Iforce the entrance, applies djvriuni to a similar -policy and action tw f i ^ ^ l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a r a j m ^ B with a* division of, on the 7th January, ^ y proclamation some time sincednrected^against. Austrian domination in Yejaetia.., boatsur^erhis'o^w; . v "#" . ,..-;i- ?0 •':•[ ??;,. ' ' he had called an-extra session of that body for the 14th^T^he *P&dinonteee troops yto -the Papal f^IBifes,'^*«d was engaged to prevent the .bom- that even dijiloTnats and ministers of foreign affairs•': .When,tlie;neacecame,;Napier,likemany^^anothergal- larit;«pirit,;found himself condemned .to inactivity.of the same month. Tbe excitement.at the Southern consequence of the election ofLin coin\ is the cause ofsissippi seem to evinje ho disposition to act in the veins flows the rame glorious blood, ape«SSwhobSS • emergency in concert with" South Carobmt alone; loyed liberty snd pursued it to the W ) ^ B T a E U h tCult for HA t • ftwaits our £ and ftdaiih n for we Lave 1 the eivgaii' i chiefdctirci«> and brotherly your, attbif.ti «-r tion, our en:e he\e me, Mr. ventured, Wbi irjnd is, ytfattb liienoly tu-..: r to the-metj.«>: o the kdvaiiU.^fe city-I- Ma^iiti terottheirb) honor; to any bring distaiit luxuiks anu >-.«] ed by good tHiq that pxocku rendered,and,We ahull »uj we shall cLe; fer&nce <Atli«.-*<I beg you, 4j assuntuco or .'.iA <1 " There uma but'in subrui dhihosQr. Wl; flag, with iu t at our olu'» Which4hiit '.hy find pant for va Puthe, and lb ehades of tie to «ee—fhfi '*.a;KOC3Extract of Oxford, Ga..*' Great excij ito be lor sei eJ iwhich aEL/feotj Iboy» at Oxiorq tfOrdisunion.svery day. Na ' )oughtf una IIdvocute it; lose of ..the SI S^uthenx b«*!! tion-"A CharletHOi (pmake the foil $jceived by a ge:" There bj.8 uppoee, ehuef at the pri*.Wrjxbnert of Ancona, After thro declaration bad Toade:» gooddfcalof'noise,<snditstruth ted•'ffjr.have come t o xinderstaaad what erdinarUy sensible newspajper^readershave'hadlittledoubt.ofanytime the last weifljhj'^tibiat'Ibily fara\d» se, that Itafyenetea^jon thePbrtugueiw coast,,aiwit wasIn this period of week" the aesembhng of the Legislature. The Gov- all comprehend, are far more immediately and vitally mitted with acquiescence, and without itdSiubtotti hisfeethathefirst.acquirediagr^tpositionbefore ernorcallsattentiontothis:subject,bebeving/that theirunholydemands.Whv,fellow-citiiens,anomJ*denied, ktrmoriciere sent a letter to the and strong, is rapidly and irresistibly appipea^hTng ^Jtsrasa official jbcrhal,-repestihig it formally, -and formation. Once .fonmed one and strong, ^e>allK:fhe public.','In performing bis service for the British " prudence requires; that the Representatives,of the : interested In whatever may he the result of the present of Massachusetts (Wendell PlilUns), h a r s a S d ^ fThe grand significance .ef'the note «a this: it showstnals and ^perils of the country as well as^W—thS ; After 14 years'heifound employriient again in theGala- this secondvproclamationr andof^.the hastening by. a the States of the Northern elayeholding tier, which, as they shonld beheve that such a people could^Wmlwcannot be distracted from it to a side issue which is other, between now and next Spring, a means wiUa false issue, for the worst that can be said against be found for settling the Venetian nranch of. thethe War Bishop and the gallant battering ram of his "Italian question without a war. That means,, if it tongue were forgotten, and with much effervescence of of the men who have driven us to the extreme of exas- militant flock is, that they, interpreted the dispatch means anything, that Austria will sell Venetia—the champagne at the Reform Club, he was appointed to peration. .The future policy of South Carolina, I hope to Godwill be no step backwards. [Cheers.] I sayto-nightj South Carolina must secede, (renewedcheermg], and South Carolina will secede. [CJonxtinued cheering.] All honor to the gallant, the patrioticmen who fired from Charleston the .first gun in the g We beg CM Revolution. [Applause.] If she goes out now, everysian war broke out all the indiscretions.of -his pen and of this kind to make us utterly contemptible in the eyes erroneously., Considering the passages just quoted b.tte'rness of the pill being disguised by the gilding. the command of the Baltic Fleet. With what result ? Abe Lincoln would not nave been elected if theretinue ih^ the sisterhood of confederate States, as they have done _for more than seventy years, or whether they will disrupt the ties that bind them together, and, peradventure, wreak upon their own heads the execra- tions of the unborn millions of posterity.The Palmetto State has postponed thb holding of her Convention, very fortunately, we think, for the coun- try, until the second Monday in February, '61. Ala- bama will be compelled by the legislative resolutions of February last, to act within forty days of the time that the Electoral College holds its meeting and votes for the Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates, as required by the Federal Constitution. Mississippi will, doubtless, order, through her Legislature, which is soon to convene, in accordance with Governor Pet- tns's proclamation, a Convention of the people within a like reasonable period. ; "Wporc^ r*•\ but we Uxi i -J| icat gmiiU- HA *^ht. Ii w ml vkof the biera recent eii. •»• ti\e that evtiand toto be do.ici .m«re ti- aI truiii, ttidYkiU butd tlheii *><efbe pn,1from it, one would say that their interpretation was Other special some, however, hold -strongly to the We need not repeat the story of what he did not ac- had been an appreheneion among his voters that we natural enough; certainly not a strained gloss. idea that the war will, break out next Spring.: Apart; complish. W e are content in this moment of sorrow to mean what we nave so repeatedly said. Let us. now*Tho Commit rlertou w**rMBat fact* are ebetds that wiuas ding, •take his cousin Sir Wm. Napier's eetimate of what he eat our own words again, and a Southern man will not from opinion and conjecture, the fact is always did accomplish: .uHe caused the 30 sail composing the have courage to raiee hie head in any. State North.;rd" to tiw 1 Ming pirr*;present that Napoleon's preparationsforwar"are powerfulRussian fleet to shrinklike ratsintotheir Wethinkthatthebestthingwccandois to stand . This disputeh from Marseilles repeated fimm the ki-j. t i n unrelaxea completeness. '. ... i holes;- he took Bomarsund; caused'Hango to be by thie movement. The result of it may be to disar-State throughout the entire South from the Potomac to tbe Rio Grande, will go with her; and the 7th of No- vember, 1860, will be renowned in the annals of Revo» lutioh here, as the Tea Party in Boston is renowned in the annals of the American Revolution. [Loud ap> plaiise.] Ayc,,my fiiends, a few weeks more and yoC will eee floating from the fortifications the ensign thatI now hearsthe Pnhrett6,the emblem of a Southern Con-, federacy. [Applause.] A thousand hearts will rally" to its support, and a thousand swords will leap front their scabbards, resolved to make it their winding sheet; 'ere it shall trail, in dishonor in the dust. [Loudap-.AJJUdotma.bedJ»pot«d."French Embassy at Jftonie early in September-is-one'1 of them; an en/ant terrible now that it is let speakIt is evident enough (and this is the important side, of the case) that at that time Louis Napoleon, despite all his shrewdness, and great ability andlong foresight, did think that the Italian national movement could be stopped. Then, as so often be- fore, within the past eighteen months, he under es- timated its force. /Earnestly deprecating,' as it wasmost natural, in his double character of enemy to Revolution and of oontinuator of traditional French policy, that be should, the formation of a strong. united Italy, of-a grand Mediterranean Power, he thought that "here was a last chance of preventing that formation from completing, itself and of keep-ing^ Italy in subordination to France. But grant that this opinion of the motives of his letter is a mistaken one. I t is certain that at that time, asin spite of which the popular French do not particu- lebone. After the Baltic cruise, he won the sweet "allpver the country, and in all of our towns and vil-new confidence of being protected in his temporal-ities. It is probable that the inspiration camefrom this unlucky declaration, made, indeed, onlyto the French Embassador, but filched from thetelegraph office, that Piedmontese invasion was this suc< C3K ot 1h;J all-el f r fs. There has been culpable, and would not be tolerated. It has beenvoices of/Southwark, in the representation of which horough^is death creates a vacancy. The fatigues', of the recent session proved too much for even his iron frame. About ten days since he was seized with dys- entery, and though the progress of the disease seemed checked at first, he suffered a relapse, and died yester- day moixingat h:'s residencein Hampshire. In privatelages, who talk long and loud about the horrors of Lincoln's election, and taking advantage of the events which themselves and associates have hastened,. caH upon us all to unite—to let "bvgones be bygones"— and all act together as a united South. The object of these men is to get as many Union men to commit themselves to the cause of Secession; as they can. Let tbeto khoWj wherever they meet you, that, as law-' abiding citizens, loyal to our blood-bought govern- ment, you will never consent to see our soil ravaged by the terrible strife which would result' from Seces- sion, and on the very threshold proclaim your deter- mination to oppose, all the mad schemes of Disunion and to stand by this Union of States! Tell these se- cret emisssries and strt et talkers that you admit t i e value of cotton as an article of commerce, but remind them in the next breath that Kentucky and Missouri hemp, as a necklace for traitors; is an article of still greater value for home consumption.From The Vickaburgh(Mias.) Whig, VSth.tolerated. What is more, in parts of the Papal territory garrisoned by the French, as Viterbo, the ^popular voting for Victor Emanuel has been' goingon simultaneously with the popular voting in Um- bria and.the Marches. But what is'still more wor- t h y of note is the very angry and arrogant tone of the French Minister's letter to Antonelli. There has not yet been such imperious official talk to the',address of the Pope from France. Louis Napo- leon's vexation at the obstinate ingratitude of the Papacy for protection, and its obstinate persistence is not reforming, is getting the better of his heredi-tary Dutch phlegm. ,,There has been great coil also about the French Admiral, L e Barh'er de Tinan'sintervention the other day to prevent the Piedmontese Admiral's supporting by bombardment a disembarkment of forces from•aea, the operations of the Italian land troops againstthe forces of King Francis. There is some doubt '. a* to the real state of the facts, a doubt which the official Moniteur is silently careful not to clear up.T h e truth seems to be, in the main, nearly this: .QPSedmontese Admiral sails up ready to support Pied- jBQontese land troops; .French Admiral sends wordthat he must not, will get broadsidedif he tries; .JPiedmontese Anural "holds up" for that bout, under ^p^otest, and two or three days later, having moreple talk about dissension between the Courts ofTuileries and St. James, apd, as. usual, we'have life he was revered and respected as a tender father,«. 4jhip» meantime, says: **Broadside if you will; I-'/••'shall not repel the attack, but shall do my work of **.collaborating with the land forces of my King all1,-* the same." French Admiral gets scared at the^prospect of so extremely grave a responsibility, and••ends one of his vessel* steam haste to Toulon to • 4$ ?*&** dircct.and definite from his Government.corted to the Homestead, where they are now partaking —in obedience to the order. " Charge the tablcs"-:-of a bountiful collation of roast turkeys, &c. i. •;Old Abe's Choir, the Seven Spinning Brothers, have just been called out, and are singing an original Wide- Awake Dixie, calling down the house in roars of laughter, '• \ • -•.- ;_ 'to speak, the- utter insignificance of seceesionism will then be made clearly manifest.: From the Same; 10th.It may be safely set down that Louisiana will notsecede, even if any foolish attempt is made to test thequestion. The Douglas and Bell vote united beats [Breckinridge out of fiight; and a large proportion of those who supported Major Breckinridge are as strongMayorfarcical was the solemnity at Windsor Castle lastTuesday, when Lord John.presented to the Queen.' sistible that ever, floated on the ocean for all legitimate Count Ludolf, the Envoy Extraordinary and Minis- purposes of naval .warfare." As usual. Sir Charles ter Plenipotentiary of the exish King of the late got into difliculties with his superiors, and he was notthan the laws guaranteed to us, we should be ready to pnbmit quietly.; but we ask nothing more than, is our right under the law. If we abandon thiB, why we can see no reason why we should grumble under any in-responsibility of taking the lead in advance of the oth- ers, the more timid mijiht possibly follow under the present inflamed state of the popular mind. But the alarming consciousness of the critical attitude which would be presented by the seceding State in her iso- lated and anomalous condition, and the knowledge of the impossibility of retracing her steps without dis- honor and disgrace in the event of being left solitary. *Vhile steamer Descartes is gone' on this mission, Stirling, on the 6th of March, 1786. His familv trace•comes off the great battle between King Francis their ".descent from the celebrated invontor of loga- and in thelangiiagc of one of its distinguished mem- what other States may do, the Mississippi Valley willttfce periHive pubfie, what were. Admiral Le Barber de*I5nan's orders ? The very--.question, apparently, to flagships, on many different stations, from the North" wash the tail of it."FROM BRITISH WEST INDIES. brated proclamation of General Jackson. Not one State, either for weal or for woe, for honor or forSea to the Mediterranean,and from the Mediterraneanto the West Indite. These were the mighty Nelson • mrnwir&L ,Semiofficial organs are bid say that the daye, but it was not'Sir Charles Napier'sjjood fortune Moejkade of4Gaeta, not being recognized by France to "be engaged in any of the great naval battles for «nd th,e^>ther Powers, B. de T. had orders not to whicli the .early part of the present, century is re- nowned. Our cruisers, however, were on every sea, ^-4eT« because Emperer Napoleon -could not bear to and Napier had not a few opportunities of distinctionwe presume, in a hundred of our readers ever reud thisshame; and God grant that it shall be for weal audnot for woe; for honor and not for shame. Fellow-citizens: Since we parted, a great revolution has bee .inaugurated. This groat Government, the wouder o mothers'of the Revolution, ardent seceeeionwU, fa* the world—this mighty Federal Uuion2 the center of so favor of separation from their Northern foes, and are many hopes and aspirations—is now sliding from under' resolved to bestow their sunilesonlv upon Southernjpji- our feet, and those great sovereign communities^ thatflflhatAdmiral B. de T. sent to Toulon to have an-»""'•''•'••toterate > bombardment of Gae'ta; bad those or-Georgetown (Demerara) papers up to Oct. 19, pep able document, or, perhaps, ever saw it; and wo can-bark Princeton, furnish-the foUowing items: not doubt that it will be perused with interest. Iteffectually disposes of the nullification and secessionThe Hon. Robert J. Walcptt, member of the Councilj doctrine; and, coming from one who avowed himselfhlad died at Barbadoes, aged 78. : ;i "'•; ;£}$H to bein favor of State rights, and who is known to befbSpk that Francis XI-, his wife, mother-in-law and .in fijghtmg single vessels of the enemy, in cutting out mereJbanterien, and in attacking West Indian Islands,Bridgetown was uvfested with thiovee, who bad' peal to the members of that party. Let our readersentered the navy at the age of 13 as a volunteer, and served on board a great variety of vessels, from sloopsand Louisiana will not secede f Mark that. From The Lynchburg Virginian.are actors in scenes that will live in history. Wo are living in times that will try men's souls, and- that will make a record, in the future for our city and for ourfindHm performing many signal services,-sUencmgtbeiiandsoftheRepublicanparty. Thus,itw>ws andstartletheirgniltvsonlsfromtheir nworiS" anditis«nts-r ''•'indre, questionable hourly, whether Georgia, and Ala-; Fellow^tisens.wEen I think of it I a n i a n W a t u SVarna will act with her without calling for an .entire fson to addn -» Southern States' Convention. Virginia is already infatuation of the peorle of tbe North, t b a t S A S we wereeiJi»demanding such a Convention, as well as North Caro- suppose that tbe people of the 8<>utbld<*cend&TSm bereaiter tlin: lina and Maryland; and Georgia, Alabama, and Mis- as high and noble a hneage as their own, rrTwhcS and bretbn-n ctm» "•32 * .*?mm., /ST€^W.t-: r5S,®$^pi|fpeople.'-wt11p6rjl:all'fn-'tbe contest with <mr en«m*. as throughout^^i^: j ^ a n ^umneee it baa been ac- CWl*8,andWiIHamNapier. Here "BlackCharles," TEE SEp^SSipN M0yEMm|| jresources,, which Tnim 'within the memory of living and willlook unfoherirRlyand tnist to tbeGodof B £•»w'lent,and^motionless.., Tnedevelopnwnt^ef our national? HB^he was called/by, bis.coudhs,- saw agooddealvf 1^en^'b'een''aavanceu^fr^^ tie* to guide her throngb th*rtrinl« and perpkxitieHbTfederacy,, to submit to the inauguration of a Pregjdea, elected by a slavel ' . ^Mn M. P . O'Connor was the next speaker, j f esaid:My Friends and Fellow^Citizens: The uniuriflgt-'"•tosaythathe(theEmp<Tor>shouldopposeanattack revengeisclever, bycallingtupou*the political theshipsof^the.line^oneofthefrigates,andone;of cedetorejoin?the-Union,Wecannotlongpostponede- •neveraskedotherthanafullbenefitofthoseguaran-ncpen OiefRoman States ^^bj^ereel^; Thereupon the bishops who were, lately^so-loudly eloquent; with the corvettes remained in his possession. He was liberation upon the means by which either isj to be tees; nor does she now. ; .r v , tbourards of jpeople in this great metropobs aseemWeltbe E»p«rar had written to the King of Piedmont oxgans now take their malicious pleasure, and the Short as thei conflict was, it' was decisive, for both serving it; or of prevailing upon States which may se- istered upon;other than constitutional, principles. Shelfee>^e«6ramont writes a sharp letter to Cardinal Heaven "for the repose of the .souls of the French thanked for an exploit which placed the Queen upon done. There may be yet another question for Virginia, But while this is true, a powerful sectional majoritythethrillingspcctacle'whichInowbehold^ofsomajk to testify their devotion to the great cause of civil aadAny«fo«fii, charging, first, that War Minister Bishop H^ie>ode falsified the dispatch by adding to it the -swiidsT*' by force;" secondly, that the Bishop, or, niftier,' the' Pontifical Government, did a shabby * J6ng*in filching, as it were, from the telegraph''"* JfieeV* dispatch that was net addressed to it [on ' Inis.p^int, the representative of the French Govern- • jDoent, which dawns as a right, land practices, the" ^Wther by-post or telegraph!, is uncommonly severe * s d indignantly virtuous]; thirdly, that it was. sur- - wcii^gryunproper for the Pontifical Government to SJeVl^amortciere's article be published in the official jjwetrnal. Finally, the angry©uke tells the Cardinal 4bat the misstatement must be rectified, or else he •Abe Duke) shall take his own measures to makefallen in defense of the Papal territory,! to repeat the throne", was. honored with the title of Viscount and that is, if secession cannot be avoided, and-the'sef"' are now about to seize upon the Government with the'Capo San Vicente, and was appointed Admiral-in- ceding States cannot be induced to return, what course avowed object of So administering it as to destroy thepolitical liberty,.fills me with the profoandeet emodon. Itis the best guarantee that could be ofi%red to youj immediate Represntatives that the cause in which they have so recently embarked our £allant# little 8t«te, will benroeecuted until the liberties aud independence of the Commonwealth have been achieved. [Applause.] The wicked and nefarious plot which forty years agoChina belong rather to the department'Of the MhnV delation of the secrecy of all correspondence, ter of War. They may get themselves generallyw a s the evident purpose of the official journal of ' (Rome to darken. Whether, now, scared 'by the 'wrath of the Duke,'or by threats of the truth enm-baggage," among the rest. stick, and followed by his dog Pow, he raised many a of the Confederacy. Either such a day must soon value.laugh. But if Napier on land cut, a queer figure, he shine upon the country, or the Union must be broken W e must put our house in order. The day for argu-[Applause.] Wave after wave of aggreesion hasswept over this Union, shattered into a thooaandwrecks the Constitution, and will soon bury us be-4ng out, or glad of a .chance to do an ill turn to the firence since a week before its meeting, be-friends, and the beaming countenances and Hashinginto a discussion with any one North as to whetherslavery is right or wrong. We will hereafter tell them: will resit-t it. [Cheer*.] Aye, remembering, the fa» ''These negroes are ours, and the mpment you lay mows maxim that resistance to tyrants is obedience to "handsuponthemyourlifeshallpaytheforfeit/' Gcd[applause],SouthCarolinahastakenthefirst That is the way to stop aggression. W e have fulfilled step to give her a rank among the nations of the earth, every Scriptural demand of forbearance. To forbear ana South Carolina will maintain it. [Renewed cheer- longer will be a violation of the Scriptures. ing ] The knell of this Union has been sounded, andl o advocate the. Union now is to advocate the humil- it must go down, if it ha? to go down in a stream of iation of the South. Some men hold the Union high blood and in a multitude of human suffering. [Ap-.a great political event, and that Napier on his part greatly deceived by the demonstrations in the counties, above and paramount to everything else. True, it iw a nlauee.] Of what value, my fiiends, is this Union to more than justified his reputation-for dash and darmg. we in Mobile, unless we join this movement, will se- valuable heritage, and would be priceless were it not Von now? Three thousand millions of property is5 >French General and to the Belgian Bishop, whose • ibrisk, foreign way of doing things, and authoritative interference, have always offended his Italian habitscause now, a week and more after its meet- ing, nothing has appeared to -show that my then appreciation of its naughtiness was not quitecorrect. Noticeable, howeyer,inthiscon-which he won.golden opinions, though it must be re- so violently for the last few years.'' ,eyes which I now behold around roe tell me that yoa<«4mdexcitedhisItalianjealousy,theCardinalordered^ i i e official journal to rectify the article in question, nection as those four-'diplomatic-horses."<if-the >'.T>y stating that the words f*hy force " were not in Orloff race, were, sent by Czar Alexander to Em-:hau8ted.V Tlie Admiral accused the Commodore of dis-willing to submit to the sectional Black Republican«s the dispatch of the Duke of Gramont. The Con- peror Napoleon—every fish of whose' tails was to • stiiuiionnd here in Paris had already been told to- ;say that tbe words " by force " had been falsely at- tributed to the Duke, and did so say, in M. Grand-i gajjlot's grandest style.But what the Duke and Grandguillot, and proba-Burleigh's head in the comedy—noticeable, I say in this connection, is the fact that the Emperor Na- poleon and his Court have gone into official mourn- ing and sadness for the' death of that really worthy•He was made a Knight Commander of; the Bath, and gregate ourselves froni the rest of the State;. Bell men. perverted to unholy purposes.' "Wytheir common master, were angriest at, was not, lady, the Dowager Empress of Russia, since last;• niter all, that Lamoriciere, or Merode,' had added * the words Vby force;" it was that Merode, or ' •omebody for him, had filched the real dispatch • which Lamoriciere publishes word for word in his article. Now it is perfectly true that this dispatch does not say that the Emperor will oppose the •entrance of the Piedmontese troops " b y force;" but fe^t does say that "the Emperor wrote from S<**Marseilles to the King of Sardinia, that-if theshortly afterward, on bis return to England, he was appointedtothecommandoftheChannelfleet.From The Memphis (Tenn.) Appeal.ASPECT OFAFFAIRS INTHECOTTONSTATES.—From the demonstrations toward Secession which have oc-whose Bar they set Up to be the special ornaments, [.•dis^atiefi.ed with the subeequent dealings which he had It is probable that Gov. Letcher will renew his for the repose of the French fallen iin defense of with the Government, and. especially with the reduc- proposition to the last Legislature for a Convention of opium/ missionaries, &c.,' in China. The political tion of the fleet, and he soon quitted the Portuguese the States, under the fifth article of the Constitution, bishops; will not answer enthusiastically to the call. sei vice'in disgust. He'had earned so much distinction^ to consider the state: of the country, and see if someWe cannot stand stifl and'quietly see the Government pass into the bands of such an infamous crew.Those souls of Frenchmen that left their bodies inhowever, that it was not difficult for him to find em- measure cannct be taken, which wiD restore harmonyployment in England. He was in 1839 appointed sec- to the Union and protect the rights and equality of the ond in command of the Mediterranean fleet, under Sir States from fanaticism and radicalism.Kobert Stopford, and he came in for some fighting on Whatever is done ought to be done without delay.the Syrian coaet. He is a very prominent figure in Demagogues and parsons have widened the^breach be- •tie storming of Sidon, in the defeat of Ibrahim Pasha tween the two sections of the Union until it presentsmense popular majorities, has diminished most pain-South Carolina has already unfurled her flag of de-fiance, and the flashes of the glittering sword of thePalmetto State have already sent an,electric thrill was conceived to seize tbe reins of this Government through the veins of all her.Southern brethren. Geor- for the purpose of plundering the South and uprooting gia, Mississippi; Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, and Ar- her institutions has, day by day, matured, until the kansas, will soon be united as brothers to' defend each, hour of its accomplishment has come. JCneers.] A other from the inroads of the fanatics of the North.prayed for; hut there will be no suoh 'effort in ;party—a section, proclaiming, in the spirit of intense hostility to slavery, and 'in the most maddened hatred of the slaveholder, that the^ Union is^a leagueamong the mountains of Beyrout, and most glorious of an awful chasm. The election of Lincoln, by such im-fully the nope of a revolution in public sentiment in mistake; " t h a t lucky anonymous fellow got himself sciibedbyhi8 cousin as the queerest fellow he ever tbe North. Y et the darkest hour is that just beforewith hell, have risen into power, and trampled;ucut in twain by a cannon* ball at Castelfidardo, came across," and as he led' the British tars, riding an the dawn of day, and.it is possible that the crisis.now; Northern goods, and for every negro they steal from us tbe truth known to the public, whole knowledge it whereby tbe. noble Viscount Bedlidian 'i';lost his aes, covered with a great straw hat, wielding a huge upon us is a precursor to a brighter day in the history we will seize upon Northern ffoods and debts to hisdown under foot all opposition to their authority.'^•-'1:V'''!-"iri^^^^li^^^^^^iB^S?^^!^^^^ '•'"''-•Government he became mterested in theaffairs of Por- people of. the Commonwealth;should take into consid- state of things. .eration the condition of-public affairs, and determine From The Osford (Mitt.) Mercury,," DEVOTION .TO TBX UNION IS TEEASON TO THB' the election of Linccln, that it is the first time m t S history of the Repnblic that the flave has elected Sa President of the United States. Yes, fellow^itizeytugail, and ventured both toexpresshis \ opinion; as tohis proofs, the gravest of which' acne a ance is'worth having. Lord ;John, by recegniaang the feasibility of certain operations ;ahd to exert him- calmly aiid wisely what ^tion is necessary m this SouTH."--We have-at last reached that point in our mark the taunt and the insult, that the slave barof the dispatch received*by. him "Sept. 1$ from her in advance of, directly in the face of thepreteste selfin the .cause of Don Pedro./. Considerable sympa- emergency. ,''7,'".''.^-i : '.'l':: ^'(~'i\ "'i :•".'•. '.'• W>} history when it is necessary for the South to withdraw elected the President of the United States. Aaditfe fp Mesnode, the Roman ""Minister ot War, that (whidh fwere, indeed; mere gammon' pnstests) of, thy was felt in^ this country for Don Pedro, and an Governor Letcher has acted wisely m convokmgthe from the Union. This has not been of our seeking. true. But alongside of that fact, when it is written^ >rtsWWl*ie exact eop^of a dispatch pcevions~ sent by Dose de Gramoat, the French Minister at *me,totheFrenchConsulatAncona;;andhis abatement of the purport of a dispatch receded from . *<bc same nich Roman official six d%s'previously, in ;. -"which b«s\ *3ae"War-Minister, Bishop .Jtcrede, an-'»«Qnoed tktt the Fren-chEmbassy was informed thatFranceiaud other powers, is bidding for her ^grati- .•expedition unde? Captain Saftorius left the Thames in Legislators to consider this important subject. He Fanaticism has driven; us to thisjpoint, and we are down in tbe historv of the Republic, thereIwnV^be tude, ^counterworking her gratitude to IFrance, support -of his claims.' Eventually the\command of has not convoked them,too early.; By the -time they bound to accept it for self-preservation. The blood of written another fact, which is this: that therewa« Before long,- count, upon it, we shall have a counter- fiiis expedition devolved on Captain Napierr; who; meet, the crisis will be suniciently developed, no this deed must rest upon other shoulders. We have one. at least, of these slaveholding States tbatrefofcebidfrom;LouisNapoleon.I ,:%|;-••; isneceededinivanquishingthefleetofDonMiguel. doubt,todemandsomeactiononthepartofVirginia;!alwayscontendedforaUnionupontheprinciplesofwithutterscorn,untotheverydisruptionoftheC«t.We 'encountered this fleet, consiirting^ of two line-of- She will then" find', very probably^ that the £question rtbe '.Constitution.-:. Constitutions are formed for the ^jfeitbisdispatcbbusmeBs^andin this Barber Ti- .hattle ships and two frigates, beside severaLcorvettes, for.her to debate-is ripe. Ten days; have very much protection of minorities; the right, to revolutionize—nan niusiness-^tvco rather embarrassing businesses to brigfi,'antt'a'xebeque on the 3d of Juljr, 1833. He at changed the appearance of things... The signs from the the- right of self-defense—is derived .from heaven, and the'<Oovernment—the Clerico-Legitimist jparty !bas .tacked at once, and. bronght. the; action to a speedy South leave little room to hope that the Union will hi above constitutional compacts. The South hastaitenf malicious pleasure. The Government party .cloee by '•' boarding the enemy from his - flag Bhip. long remain unbroken. If there is a possibility Of-pre-. 'never demanded that the government should be admin-appeared in a different light on his native element. up into two or more Republics. It cannot long sur- ing the question of slavery with tbe North has passed. storm and bravely resist. [Applause.] Aye, aye. toy1 have said nothing about tiie Warsaw Gon- The attack on Acre was"a very brilliant affair, in vive tbe pectional partizanry and hate that has raged, We bore that no Southern man will ever again entermembered that ne was only second m command, andthat to Sir Robert Stopford belongs at least some ofthe credit which Sir Charles seemea inclined to apprc^piiateentirelytohimself. Weare;notnowgoingtoopen up a controversy which >has long since been ex- ascertaining whether the people of this county ayerule of Lincoln. . Tins is a county matter—-is to be the miral tor want of alacrity. It is enough to say that expression of the disposition 01 our Mobile people.>obeying orders, and the Commodore blamed the Ad-me pregnant with meaning as the?shake of Lord the storming of Acre was at once a great military and The interior will take care of itself. Unless we areand Douglas men in the interior are resolved on this movement.AlabamawilljoinSouthCarolina,Georgia, Arkansas, Florida, Texas and Mississippi in it.it was now that he began to work his critical fac-ticeable is, that it breaks out so soon as the tele- ulty. He exposed many naval abuses, and he sug- men who are in favor of it do not anticipate war or dential election,* we can no longer doubt that a mostgraph announces the decease of Czar Alexander's gested not a few reforms,-some of which he'had the any bloodshed. Let us all look at it in the best light *strenuous effort is on foot to .speedily consummate the excellent mother, instead of retarding its manifesta- good fortune to see adopted before he died; but he car —that is, that the movement will unite the Southland Yancey programme as enunciated some years since inSaturday. What makes this conventional grief no-The movement does not, contemplate war, and the' curred in the extreme Southern States since the Presi-tion, as courtly custom is, ]tjjl her death is diploma- tically announced by courier. . vThe talk of Austria's military preparations for offense in Venetia is subsiding. The accounts of the preparations seem to have been considerablyika abut <,\>y herein my noi which he exhibited in common,with his cousins. It is will he the subjugation of our people to a Northern . evidence of the asserted disgrace of Black Republican and treasures—think of that Union now striking her tion here alA meeting, as we stated yesterday, is to be held to- morrownightatTemperanceHall,forthepurpose:ofried these attacks too far, and rendered his suggestions make it a unit in "Opposition to the stealthy ehcroach- his celebrated Slaughter manifesto. In order to proveof doubtful value through the personality of style ments'of the North—the end of which, if not resisted, true to the pledge, and partly to give some outward- upon which she has lavished her strength and talentetly eaten our own brave words, and thus brought con-doing, and he did it to the very last. When the Rus- tempt upon ourselves. It requires just One more fact eignty,Jby way ol ascertaining wnetaaer they will con-:;-.Chibteeu vearb ostile and antagonistic countries. [Applanse.1 i$ttd pants, resAt Lord Mayor's dinner, which is-to be gobbled blown up,, interrupted the Russian commerce, and range our business lor awhile, but in the end .we shall«nd guzzled next Friday, diplomatic bodies resident at London are not to gorge themselves. f:, They are to renounce callipee and callipash, by way of dem- onstrating against Lord Jpjnrs letter to Hudson in defense of Victor Emanuel. It is said that even the French Mini8ter,Per8igny, will join, in this fast-for fix'inontliB kept in a state of inaction certainly get quiet, destroy the Black Republican party, and se- 80,000 or 9if,000 good troops. He restored and enlarged cure something like safety in the future. Submit now.,the kno\yledge of the Gulf of Finland to navigation; after what -fre have declared to be. our purposes, and ascertained what large vessels can do there, and what there is nothing of the future left to us but abjectsub-ing protest, with the representatives of; Naples, brought back unharmed a well-organized, well-discip-Tbe great object in view, and, we might add, theAustria, and Russia. This is bald farce, provoca-tive only of melancholy guffaws. More cheerfullythey cannot do; when they can act alone, when with trcops, and when gun-boats can be. used with effect. He canied out an ill-manned, undisciplined fleet; hemifirioa—the confession that we are not willing or ableto take care of ourselves. Rather than . this, w e arewilling to make war and thus put the question to atest which will decide it forever. There is an " irre- great difficulty, is to procure concert of action betweenpressible Conflict," and we have got now' to decide The various sovereignties in their contemplated hegira plaUse.] I ask j'ou, fellow-citizens, are you afraid oflined" one, with crews exercised in gunnery and sea- manship—a fleet now really what it was falsely called when it started---that is .to say, one of the most irre-intrusted a second time with the command of the fleet* fliction which a dominant majority may choose toTwo Sicilies! This presentation by Lord John' be-, There were fierce recriminations,1which had betterfelVOct. 30, just three days after Lord John nad now be forgotten. ;Sir Charles condoled himself for scourge us with.wiped his pen of the. famous dispatch to Sir Jas. .the loss of the Baltic fleet by becoming a second time Let our people think of this, and enter into the pro-Hudson at Turin! '' . .. -. the representative of a metrojpolitan borough in Parlia- ceedings to-morrow night with prudence, firmnees, andThe Chinese victory, of which mention was just ment. He was an ardent RadicaL;after his hearty, courage. To us there is no danger, if we take the' and alone, have combined to produce caution and de-made, is made much of by posters on-the street honest fashion, and as such had in 1841,,after his Acre manly stand which is our duty as well as our right.liberation in the fearful consummation of their revolu- tionary plans. We are at a loss to conjecture, nor can mortal ken prognosticate what will be the uncertainfinale. VVe have an abiding confidence in the patriot- ism of the masses, if,.amid the. heat of political excite- ment, they will not submit to the dictation of wily par- ty leaders, whose livelihood is in perpetual broils and eternal agitation. It is a happy omen'for the future of our country that delay of action has been forced upon ^e dramatis personm of this lamentable tragedy. When tbe fancied insult sustained by the South in the triumph of freesoilism shall be viewed in a philosophic and practical light, when the inflammatory state of the body politic shall be allayed, and dethroned reason re- sume her sway in the minds of enraged political mad- men, itis to be honed that harmony will again prevailsue preeentednefore the Southern jpeople at present, •properly pressed, will result in the determination to demandL their rights in this Union, and to exact the use of Federal power in enforcing them. There is no grievance in the nature of things for which the Con- stitution does not furnish an ample and a ready remedy. But were this not strictly true, each State can hereafter adopt retaliatory measures of legislation as recom-mended bv Gov. Brown of Georgia in his recent mes- sage to the State Legislature. This system can be carried to any extent desirable, without the least in- fringement upon the letter, if not the spirit, of the Constitution. With tbe prospect of mature, calm, and deliberate meditation before tnem, we earnestly hope, and almost lead ourselves to believe, that the yeomanry of the Southern States will adopt such a. line of policy, deeming it not less the part of discretion than of valor.•'• ••m • •'RATIFICATION MEETING IN CHARLESTON. On Thursday evening, the 15th instant, a meeting was held at Charleston, to welcome the returning dele-gation froni that city to the State Legislature. Macbeth presided, and made a speech. Mr. R. N. Gourdin delivered the address of approval. Mr. Por- ter; one of the delegation, responded, in part, as'fol- lows: ,FELLOW-CITIZENS: As one of your delegation, I thank you for your welcome home. Warm and cordial as is vour-greeting, we all greet yon with a like warmthandcordiality. Thisisanoccasionforcommonj o u wiH recollect about that time was noted in thiscorrespondence,the Pope was inspired with a fresh, corners, and by the official Government journals, exploit, recommended himself to the electors of Mary- UNION MEN, BE ON YOUR GUARD !—There are thoselarly interest themselves, or care for it. I have observed that the Moniteur and" other journals are very courteous to the English in their glorifying overwithin the Week a revival of some of the silly sta-ptoj.or.io:r nt« be<:oM tJj^^hindJoland c« itisasters^v :.:.-|Ro man L. Al«n>J^I laveij^hf JttOSt, by ail, ^:.C0MiM*eb a: pohtry whh h t "'v.eentiv'3ni w l xenand la^ uconviction uau* " THE CASHING TESTIMONIAL.—A list for contribn-«_Pr_ea_d_e„ncv.had one silly new pamphlet or two, full of ignorance and jealousy, directed against England. Notwith- standing which, trifles and foolish rumors, and quite graver accidents, be assured that France and En- gland will remain allied by political and material in-andafaithfulfiiend.GRAND TORCHLIGHT REP UBLICAN. "-v.-,."• '; ; -terest*.•Silt CHARLES NAPIER.from The'liondoii-Times, Nov. 1.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune. BKIDGEPORT, Conn., NOV .The group of illustrious men who came into the world; in the same decade w i t h the French Revolution is'fast dying out. The survivors of that epoch are now more than threescore and ten years of age, and very few of them are left. ' To-day we have to chronicle the departure of one more of the small group—Admiral Sir Charles Napier. It has often been our duty in tbe later years of his life to speak plainly of the gallant old Ad- miral, but in anything that may have fallen from us we hope that we have never forgotten his real merits. These were of no mean order, and fairly entitle him to the admiration and gratitude of his countrymen*. In his name is summed,up all that he was. A Napierisaman possessed of high spirits, iruniemse courage, great inge- nuitv, prodjgious egotism, and a critical or theoreticalruddy, jolly countenance twitching under his broad brim, as in his blue coat and white trousers he trudged down to the Honse heavily burdened with.a speech on the sorrows of the naw. He has fired hislast gun; he is gone to the haven of his rest. We will forget long speeches and wordy letters/to remember him only as be was in his prime—the daring and the brilliant cap-tain. ' /,'He was born at Merchietoun Hall, in the county ofThe Charleston Courier says: ,•; - .PROCESSION JUBILEE,AND' . 16,1800.The City of Bridgeport seems wild with delight.The Wide-Awake battalions, with delegations .fromMinturn, Bi-ookfield, Milfoid, Fan-field, and Stratford,are making a grand parade in honor of the election ofLincoln and Hamlin. The bouSes of all the prominentRepublican's'are brilliantly illuminated. Mayor DanielF . Sterling's elegant mansion presents a scene surpass-ing description. D- F . Hollister, esq., President of theWide-Awake Club, has also spared no expense in ren-dering his house one of the most attractive illumina- minority—there is not enough of them for seed. Theif" Minute Men's" organization was a fizzle—the sym- tions of the evening. P. T. Barnum's new and beauti- pathy of the few respected citizens to whom we haveful residence is lit.up from top to bottom; and, with the referred only saving it from utter insignificance. Its ladies of his family, he; is standing on the piazza, re- numbers are Jbarely the minimum of an ordinary volun-ceiving the cheers of the Wide-Awakes, who are counr teer company. A few excitable spirits c,an make more fuss than ten thousand calm and orderly people, and: Itjknot yrv Holt : a •de*-* e destrvyo .« J J « I t i Oa'. »$h#X AMit iU HH«f the par" * b e c a n t e d t>the Feoerki t^i the pofee *u>prett«n»i- n vtiSwyatt ai'iii»% nu-. >- theht^ f ' duty b«- >v ' ICWir t Ui BO CO ItKM•ihet:.vti,i t'ill > |termarching through his yard. . . .. we assure the Union men of the State that they need The march at an end, the Wide-Avaokes were es- not fear of old Warren. When the time comes for herTbfe jubilee is a hearty one, you may depend on it; Union men, now as they were during the canvass when they all professed to be Union men. No matterbreathed into it the breath of life; that called it into being, but which has been most perfidiously abused and betrayed, are about to recall the jSemi-officiuJ,organs may be right; hut most folks broken by a ^hot. In the attack upon Martinique he Murders were on* the increase at Trinidad, mostly I There is no longer occasion for argument or expoatu- powers-with which they clothed it, and to a«- A>ubtwhethertheyareat the bottomofthecase. wongreatapplauseforhistemerityinscalingthe"ram- perpetratedbyCoolies,whilethecrimeofrapewas kvtion..Wehaveoidy,afterthebattle,tosurveythe Biime their original pjWtions among the peopleXionis Napoleon may have exercised gentlemanly Sarts with but five men, and in planting the Union fearfully prevalent. Some few arrests had beeu made* field, and carefully count our losses and gams. What- of the earth us. a sovereign and independent;nation* ever may come—and trouble in one shape or another But, fcHow-citizoKB, what is most remarkable of all i i courtesy and kindness only toward this fitmily group ack'on Fort Sk Edward. He won promotion as well At Antigua, there was some little excitement rela- is sure to come—the trade and material interests of that it is not a legislative, but a popular revolution.o f Bourbon*; one .can conceive withal tiu* working as* applause for his conduct in a subsequent affair, ive to the sudden depaxture of a mei-chant, 'leaving lioth portions of the Union will be affected with an The people, started the ball of revolution, and they 4fhi*prejudiceagainstbomlm, Butitiscousid- whenheassistedfc?irAlexanderCochrane(nowawell- largeliabilities. ; '"-•'*•?•'•iineffabledisaster. ButtheNorthwillsufferbyfar willcarryitforward'totheconsumationandtheendtripped nearly every house of its copper gutter^ "and:, ponder it thoughtfully. "brothers, jjhould be ezposed to bomb-shells such as such.as St.,Thomas and Martinique, In an action oofing.- '..;.;. ,-0 ' [ ;.:"j.-tte Falerjnilans were exposed to a jfeav months ago. with a French corvette of 22 guns he had;his thigh . From The Ncw-Orlean» Courier. _enbhf plainer than a handspifce that the French Ad- known name) in chtwing three French ships of the line A French brig baAarrfvod at Ooorgotowh with 112 omijrrants aatiraiWinself did not definitely kwow what to make of and in capturing one ot them—-a 74, He pres&ed the from iludeira.Arrived ^Georgetown, 12th, brig Dahl, Trowbridge, Neil, from New-York. ' ° 'the most. It must have the sugar, the rice, and, above they have in view. Solitary and alpne, it is my fixed all, the cotton of the South. In consequence of the re- belief that the State of South Carolina, whatever mayTHE FLAG OF ALABAMA.are glad, says Th* Montgomery Advertiser,M%a«fc§yTu» orders, whatever they were, and that pending the enemy so hard and did them so much damage that; his Commander made him captain at once, and the Admi-sult of the election, the greater part of the cotton cropbetide her, whoever refuse to stand by her-i-that SouthW e•*itehiKaa>-.iiitoff* MiUJ^lLi&Si&i!'^^>..-..www.fultonhistory.comthis yeu^-will be held back, and shipped directly fromnext that we hoar of him is in the Peninsula, amusing, Elli*Kwood, Bultiiuorc; Sophia, Bwiks, Halifax. **»«"«» Southern ports to England. Bankruptcy and starva- gallant little bark of independence upon an untried po-that tbethuxedwiththospiritthat actuatedthewomenof 76a are making a splendid flag to be presented to the' Southern Rights men of this city. It is the flag o t l Alabama, Ajjitbas been described to us, the Umifit^Carolina ..solitary and alone if need be, will launch her ^done what he at first forbade him to do, and taut Arrived at Domeraru, Sept. 27, burku rrlucetou, Seelev Mow. tion willbe the issue among the manulaoturinir marts litical sea; abiding in the justice of'her cause, and rely-Sailed,10th.brig*GoldHuntovSt.Jolm,N.B.518th,Iimtbo,aothoritative {solution of his doubt, Persano has raltywerenotslowtoconfirmthe appointment. TheJfce doctxinn offaitsacc&wyiis will now be accepted, hinieelf in the campaign with hia coushis George, Ywkj Oct. I, XnuwjpUjEbtex, Tkwyim, do. t w u '»««W y »«w- oi New-Lnglund. Tbe loom and the anvil wifi be w- ing upon the gallant arms and the »tout hearts of hoi-Untitled Documentwho are to be the victims of it. If we asked more; from the Confederacy. If any one would assume thethe consequences of secession? [Loud cries of " n o / and applause!] The followers who are unwilling to make some sacrifices for the preservation of their free- dom, are unworthy of 11:e name of people. [Applause.}Speeches similar in tone, were made by others. Dur- ing the evening Mr. Gaillard displayed a large and very beautiful wreath, which had been received by the President of the meeting, with the following note:u A mother aud daughter send a wreath to the ma.vs meeting 0' to-night. With it the mother offers tburaons, living in the State" to it« sen-ice—the daughter, earuent wikke» for the ultimata »Uff* cess of separate State action." November 15, I860.">MINOR ITEMS. ,HONOR TO CALEB CUSHTNG,The Charleston Courier of the 16th has the follow-ing paragraph:" A prosperous voyage is the wish of manv friends for the brig James G ray, Capt. Plumnier, which will take departure this day. Capt. Plummer nas gratified many old friends and made many new friends by bis spirited and prompt recognition oftbe rights, honor, and action of South Carolina. He has the pleasure of carry- ing with him in bis cabin a copy of an excellent and faithful photograph of Caleb Cuehing, one of the owners of tbe James Gray, which was taken during the session of the Charleston Convention, by Quinby &. Co., No. 233 King street, aud presented by them, through a friend, for that purpose."From Brovonlow's Knoxville IVhig.To prevent anybody abroad from being deceived, we will state what everybody hereabouts already knows, that there is little or no excitement in this section of the State, growing out of the result of the recent elec- tion. It is true that there are several worthy citizens in favor of immediate resistance, but they are in a woefultions of ladies exclusively—not exceeding fl in each •.'PWy»*; w i »We yield all our available space to-day to the cele-the father of the modern Democracy, it may well ap-triots. Bora has the heart of Mary Witherspoon. W e were at dinner wheu tho prwenta reached us, and, after exhibiting tbe cockade, pinned it upon pur breast, passed round the wine, and proposed, '*The Secession of South•'Carolina and the speedv formation ot a South- ernConfederacv." Weregretthatonrsonswerenob present to drink* to the sentiment, which was acknow- ledged by all preseut with enthusiasm. W e promise our fair friend that when we go to the battle we 11 wear that cockade hear our heart, and surrender it only witii ourlife. V?TM***>Tunes,Nov.14.&&*•'.•ASouthern States, it is evident to our mind that South been reached. I rejoice that in the very hour of t£jlof-a'thousand evils^ndjiienls. ,'consultation of all the Slaveholamg States upon their,urging, as tbey do, a compliance 'with the wishes ofneath its billows, unless we put our breasts to theinvolved in this question, and if you say at tbe ballot- box that South Carolina shall not secede, you put into the sacrifice three thoueand millions of your prop* erty. [Applause.] Aye, my friends, that Union of which BO many speak in terms of laudation—its virtues, its spirit, its splendor has forever fled. [Applause.] It is now a dead carcass, stinking in-the nostrils of the South. [Cheers.] Speak of a Upion which the South has had all along to support,.domination, Senators Hammond and Chesnut of South dow« ' Oh,vmy friends, the line of demarcation, broad Jorthern de-.il Carolina,, and Toombs of Georgia, have resigned their and deep, has been drawn between the North and the Iworld ever pjj seats in the Congress of the\Nation. The Federal Sonth, and that line will remain there forever. [.Then we koul Judge in Florida and many Federal officers of other [Cheers.] Like some gigantic rock in the ocean,SUBSCRIPTION FOR CALEB CUSHING..case—can be found in The Courier office. NOTES OF PREPARATION.The Oxford (Miss.) Mercury says: I" From all portions of the Soutli wo hear the note*! of preparation for the coming storm. The reveille is& being beat, minute men, riflemen and dragoons areii forming, and making resuly to march at a moment'^: warning to repel the foe aud assist the people of a W of the States in throwing oft" the thraldom, of Black Republicanism and asserting their freedom. W e ar<f treading on times of the utmost moment. The NortK will liud, in less than 8ix months, thitt the blood of the South has been aroused to resistance, and that th< odiou» abolition principles cannot be carried into eff^, before a isea of blood shall have first sprinkled t? ground."A TIGHTNESS IN BUNTING.'Norfolk Herald s a y s :It The Palmetto flag is waving widely over the freesoil of the South, A patriotic citizen of"Norfolk, wwb- mgto obtain one to raise above his family altar, sent, a few days since, an order to Charleston for the dceirwd emblem; but he received answer vesterday that the supply of hunting was all exhausted, owing*to the uni- versaldemand." .•*.•.•> ,:WINE AND COCKADES;.THK BIA'K COCKADJ:.—The humble indlvidnal whoedit8 this paper, acknowledges with pleasure and with, pride the receipt, from his " charming wee friend l)ora,"' of a bottle of t«i>arkliug wine, aud a beautifu blue cockade, with a punnetto button in the center 0 it. The ladies, God ble*s them, are, like their grand-Themaids and matrons" of Montgomery, ea-•Atn^ktfnmylu^ « ^^he#00«tAl t Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•X^ 