 MBARRY'STRICOPHEROUSisthebeatandcheapestWto-day. Nothing uj known by the Central Railroad folk*hereaboutanyinjunction. ,m> The Pony Bxprem.rni. r> »T.JO8BI'M,IMA., Monday, Aug. 13, 1860.The Pony Expfeas arrived hero at 2 o'clock thf. morning. I t brings California datee to the I »t inst. 'SAW FRANCISCO, Anar. 1 ijwnArrived Jnly 29, Mpn Witchcraft, fr6a\ N&.Yoik-inH. Mary E . Balch, Boston; bark Harriet,-Bordeaux Zbl J & Pam«no,N«w-York. ' *» ""P fc Sailed, July 31, French ahip Pitco, for Muailan.The inquiry for good* froni firot batuU cxhibiu'a UttU mim. animation, buti* not by any raeaet active. Price* wKvarnfuS very •lightly ainoethe exrwaa of the 28th uH., nor baa S w S been a p y leading traoactiona at t h e quotation* then riven. CandloM aell alow); at 20c. Butter i- in fair reqne*t at 2Jc. t*t extra,viaCapeHorn,and30c-totJune,viathel*tbaaa* ij^rd —Remind more moderate at \1rtt>\4r„ for ca*e«. Pork and Btcoa without *al«». Cruahed OU<AT» bring'life., In auiaU loU. Fr*ued Ham* l l j c . Th«re are more good* ofleilng from ship b y late arrivala, and there will b e an increased number of uraaan*. tior a at about the pre»ent corrent rate*.The steamer John L. Stevens sailed this morning for Panama, with 202 paeeengers and $876,000 in treajare of which $786 000 is for New-York. Among her paeeengers are Lieutenant Gillie, arid the Bwhopof Victoria, from Hong Kong.ara — — • ! • • • • .„,—iii»i..i.i—i.. i i — - • . . i . i — —'•• ""• • ^ ' I - .AT BOBEBT BAIT & Co.'s,ii iextension and diversification of Home Manufac-tures, not confined to the East, but diffusedthrough and constantly multiplying in the Westalso. Such seens to us the important lesson of enabled him to do. In requital, he is told by TA«"• itI - .the entire place, and carrying away every house with BATCHELOR'S HAIK DYR, WigandTo.ipee Millionsofbu>hel8ofCornthatwillberipened andthecityin,atthismoment,insomedegree, uoradmire. ThusowhoarenowgoingtoDean theexceptionofone.Between35to\Qliveswere\PTITCXSttwivu-tixcHixrna atNo.500Broadway.Dr. MARSH continue*to apply hi»RADICAL CURB average yield is immense. Young States which-ofmore. There wasanunprecedentedbreadthofgrainsownthroughouttheWestthisyear,andthe gage,andleaveanamplesufficiency topurchase,mains of flfteen bodies of British and American soldiers who fell In the war of 1812. Several buttons, bayonets and epaulettes were also found. One button has tbe Initials rf the Pennsylvania Rangers ouit; anotber'i*marked " CJ.S.," and another *«8th British Grenadiers." A few American coins were also found. Fromthopositionofthebodiesitis evidentthat they were burb d in a trench near whore they fell. G*neral PikeandtwobandiedAmerioausaudanumberof llniiih were killed neur thb'epot iu 1813 by the ex,.fmft •The Conncilmen last evening adjourned to Sep-tember, without touching the Japanese question. than the Hundred Millions' worth. The average In the other branch of the Common Council, Alder-manSfcarrrosetoaquestion ofprivilege,andde-Of the eixteen of the S'a'e Senators who hold over THE LATEST NEWS. at. d will vote for M r. Gwin a successor at the next meeting of the Legislature, six are knowr: to bep •1' in reply to his, dissolving the partnership of Seward, Weed fc ' Greeley, had not been exhibited to any person since the first al- 1lubiontothissubjectinMaylast.' Ofcourseitisnotacategori- calanswertothisquestionto saythatH.G.,orC.A.D.,orC. C, or any other imaginary combination of the alphabet, did not make a copy of the letter'in question, as H . G . will concede upon a moment's reflection. I t is quite immaterial who mc.de the copy, if any was made. The question is, wus a copy or the original exhibited? H.G.isgood enough'to say that noprivate letterfrom Gov. Seward was ever shown by him, except t o one or two of his most iutimate associates. I f h e had only doubled our ob- ligations by just suying whether the original or a copy had or had not been exhibited by any one else since May last, w e would not have had this occasion to interrupt his graver and more important employments.premises,miserablyfailedatthelastj"session.BOYCE, KE1TT, AND ORR FOR DOUGLAS.I hear in high Administration quarters that Messrs.Boyce,Keitt, andOrr,areregardedas personal friends ofJudge Douglas, and as men whoScholle& Brba Lbi-i Straua*34.60< 3O.041JVywars or dearth in other sections may operate aspalliatives; but tne abiding relief of the West is toserved for to-day to have an official announcement that said claims are baseless, and that not one cent of the $400,000 claimed as damages by the Rhode Island Cigar Manufacturing Company is allowed. Capt.'Page'sstrongrepresentation in theirbebalf reached Washington too late to be considered byThe passenger* who took first and second cabin tick- ets by the steamer Jobn L. Stevens, were as follows:JUord Bii'h'-p ol victoria, JMx». JUuane, B . Simmona, A . Black, M. 8*ng«?r. Cnarlea P . Daniel, George Thorbwlu, ]»aio <J- 8wift and wife, I). I,'. Demon. J. H. Dickea«on, J. Ii. Hur4y, A E . Davi«, L. B . Clark, L. A. Booth, Mr*. T . H . Smith, R . S . j W p b , O. W . Ha«tin«i., 8. L. Loring, C. W, Bal-iber, H. D. Hwtonu*. J. C.Shelter, Edgar Poppt«tou, Joha Dauber Swift, J. K«lly ..id wife, Wm. Kflly, Jame* Kelly, A . Baldwin, Mm. L . A , Logan, W . T . BrigUm. Richard M . Lunt, ileury WiUiama, FranciH Cbapui, Mi*s T>. R . Morgan, Lieut. oi!le4, U . S . Nary; Ben. Taylor, N . Chapman, wife, a n d to'aut, Lewi* Coliee. Mr. Sherwoodatdwife:N.A.L.Bauly,A D*ly,8.A.Veny,L.»i. Richardacn,8.R.Throckmortfu,jr., W.YVhit*,W.W.Crane*Stasroes* Norix**.AtaMeetingoftheGYMNASTSofNew-York,hold atWood*i *>yn>Murfua», Not 4 *nd6 Eart 28th-*t-,onMo«wYivwiH 13thi»«t,Mr,A.N.'KKAKCIAwascvlledto U»echair,who»t»t«>dtfcatb»objectoftheMeetingwastoformandxlt»T»t auitable 'eaolatiuua iu r- lauou t o the sodden deoaaaeoft&eirutebrothergyrmnut. GnsTAVna A.RATI. Itwwre- andRestoringt.helair". L~adies,tryIt..Soold"b"yD~ruggists. •o)v«tfthataCOBmitt»eofthxreN?appointedbytheChair,todraft the *«xr.e. The folio'<* inu gto'leuien were appointed: Wi. P. RAUTXD,S. 0*CAK KVIIKK,WAKRKJ* H . BUKK. TheCooaxnr'teertportecU>efollowingresolution*,whichwereUuAT.i ootj*iy adopted:•l\hertOM, It fh» pirated an ever-ruling Providence in H is•»iMioi..torrn-cv-itotu »ormioat ourlate friend andbrother Kyxi)D«»t, i»r>TAVTJ$A RATX; therefore,doubt that, throughout the States North-West ofthereisnoquestion. Wesee.nogH>dreasonwhy forth; andweshall soon have theHon,JamesF r o m I •-: ?.iTbestewmer fOM arrived.gh«repor* on th e gulf, :iTh«Citycl1 fiuparWWr»r Thesto<k<f$90/100boxe^Mo\*t*e* v.- > •Thesuamr.r V*ra Cruz on tMiramons a "prbil<;attempt;! At tbe Jntei-t i jfoa"d#d bv '1 *R'ble#bsd*Tbe principal xier-uandproneThe 8c»ini»(ih Of Vera Cruz.*Tbe Santa 1 i lave itformatv' Tinder corr-mH*d 75 Comanche ution. Two <>f ^jeomv'ed- hrit •driven off, »r <l.deeixed prtd a erftrceaent t * jopect irt soon • i<TbecoT'Dnin* Jx&nhni a ba»t'< xef-tl\ in not UoEverything iThe iLd.il.-. trair.s.Mr. Harp*/ light, axd u> no joke of catt.»-1TW-7soldif-ra PkTfnee For;-, i 7T>e tr."or•« tfoHcw tbe It»< L axe ioo war>' U B*ct'» FoV a{*« gr^a' wt-r< alxteen Indian lea»<d.UoJees tLe- m they will not #AMaiA TOATJ Wi.- k Creek, (his aft* r>»rty from I I whifh a tkrfr>. j fcadly. Ben^a tnurdertr atu-m J) :)&n<o andill' Aeei^J .,"„.>\e bad xv.'j* overflowt*d, , e 'damage wtti uo and-cne of therCorre»pond^ac^ ^Ctpt. Meign; tiin. Heniwj losing fi^bt. are masters < f Cer,«ubj»ctto find be mu.*! oladditiocal r- pt disgrace on »b* **up therrco-4 jnon^y. It \2 comestorep,n trui^tftd to tiui; the Adminittral Jnjrs in power *Xhtj resoluteli tecie'dby their What,they w llj peaebment, ithe iniquity. Vj We wi'l neeif prblic dutj. J fend g.ve i otire Perhaps, to<>. o tice tor tbe di anrther way,b x'e^raiat ontj eAttb«lHieH*f IontotheWa^hi *'tkrsttptrtRtK* *•"tohitj>lans,c <if trusting mom nt Wash rgton 1 CiUy.. But u ct. •u;is preseirg fctbe money wo? JSItigp. wl)i-a charge of tbe vj J)ru>tx>u 6ecii. q ongly, theyapJproviso to ik-.vt The ptirpos* £ace. Itwwo«fl'eCt Of 'it i* ' 0 5t gave great or] Hz* impu ik? w s threatened, initj C'ongress thj.t i thirus vote. I I cu»:ru!ous^le-*iuignrtv. and of I t'le}LadnotLa^ ; ey enjthe coccj c ae time Cor;t;rj jeuttettowor vitf outregudhfuhd. Tn»cwedeploreiohi»IOM,anoble,true-heartedvu.ii, » hoae bvely diap»%ition, generoua character,, aud kiad iin- Basinets letters should in all oases be addressed to TKBia rfi, eftdeartdhixa.to ua all, and ©oe, the list act of whoHe flfe v u a noble proof of his bi»v«. •eff-sacriiicing heart, i n giving up bis life for one he loved: a noble end, of a nobie man.Re*oived, Th«t in his death we have lost one o f the oldest and best amateur gymnasts in t h e country, and who h a s often de- lighted naby his graceful and attractive perfonnanoes, and to Whom w e feci neatly indebted for t h e inward promptings th it actuated na to adept a mode of exert i«e irom which we reap daily benefits. .Resolved, That we tender our hetrt'eit sympathy to the widow andrehUJves.ofthede<e«s»-dinth-ud<-*purtliction,withtheas* aurjii'-e that we f<ei their U**« &*our ownRetoired, Ihatweattendinabodytiefuneralofourdeceased compaction,andaocoop«ny hisre-am*totheirlast rerting place.ii>#.y/r-'i. That a copy of the above reaolctions be presented to the fsaeily of toe i i w . w d , aud th«i the s*tne be publUhedia the cewspapeisof the city. SignedWILLIAM P . HALSTXD, S. OHCAR RYDKR, WARRBX BL BUKR.August 13, I860.Atameeting oftheExecutive CommitteeandOfficers of the New-York Liquor Dealer*' Society, the following preamble and resolutions were adopted:The melancholy announcement of this day, that GTJSTAVT/S A . £ATZ, one of our number, h a s been suddenly taken from among us, demands trom this Committee n behalf of the Society we rep- resent,' of which our deceased friend has been one orthe mos, efficient officers, from it» foundation—an exprestion of regret fo *our loss, and e f syropatby vdth the afflicted partner of his bosom and bis numerous friends; thereforecalled "Representative Men for Douglas," com- mencingwith "Rev.JedediahBurchard,thecele- <jbratedRevivalist,"andekedoutwiththenames" The patriotic National Union- Demo :rocy have cooperated withusmostmanfully,andweujusthoruaftor considerthemas brethren. We can all otaud on tue 1'latform of 1852, rocognizirjg ,theCompromiseofIboO. Hereafter,gofortheUnion, theCon-A disastrous storm occurred on Saturday last tive,andhonorableassociate,whoseusefulnesshasinamoment nearNew-Orleans. AsettlementcalledProcter-in their several Assembly Conventions, f o r t h esame purpose. Remember, Republicans, that we lorg diecufeion, in which it was endeavored to avoidR**oUnd, That while w e mourn t&e loss of an intelligent, ac- been cut short, and deeply deplore tbe event which deprives usof h b companionship, w e a r e filled with a sympathy which knows no adequate language of expression for the bereaved wid- ow and chili thus left without their earthly prote.ctor—one whose• domestic attachment*- knew n o bounds but the fulfillment of all the ties of domes i c hfe.ville was overflowed, a n d nearly every house Wasowe i t t o ourselves t o utterly repudiate and con- demn the infamous legislation of last Winter atasplitinthepartybyholdingbntoneSwreConven- tion and nominating b u t o n e Electoral Ticket, it.WM found impracticable to a c t h&rmoniocuil v. Fin illy, twenty-8ix members of tfae Commi'tee declared for Breckinridge and Lane, and ten for Douglas.The former have called a StUe Convention to nomi- rate an Electoral ticket on the 11th of S^p ember, acn\,'the latter hold their Convention to nominate a Douglas Electoral ticket on the 5th of the suae month. I h e Douglas men c'aim that the Federal patronage aud bjfluence naa grt>atly weakened their strength on the Committee. Each branch of the Committee haa pub- lished an addreee to the Democracy of the State. One claims that Douglas w a s regularly nominated and U entitled to the support of all the members of the party, while the other denies that eit'ier Breckinridge or Dou- glas were regularly nominated by the Baltimore Con- vention, and leaving it optional with the party which candidate they vote for.A Brtckiijridge and Lane ratification meeting w a s held in San Fran ieco on Saturday evening. Itwas called »8 a Democratic Uatifictitioo meeting, aud t h e Douglas n;eu attended in such numbers a« to be able- to Vote down all the ratifying resolTiona.It is n o w alleged that the Douglas Democrats a r e takiDg courage throughout the State, and they feel cou- lident of carrying tfce mats of the Democracy with tb^m. The Breckirrige and Lane men, however, are preparing for great etTorte, and their complete aod thorough oi gamzation a n d Federal backing u p give them great advantagesCharles Kuebl, editor o f a German Democratic p a - per/has been removtd from a lucrative office ia the Sin Francisco Mint, on account of advocatiug Douglas in bis journal.Resolved, That i x testimony o f regard for the character and m em ory cf Mr GKSTAVPS A,. KATZ, w e invito the members of the Society we represent to attend the obsequies of their deceased fellow member.Resolved, That a oopy of the f«egoirg, duly authenticated, b e furai>hed t o t h e afflicted widow o f oar deceased a*»oci&te. In accordarce with the above reso utions. the members of theKew.-York Liquor Ur*ier»' Society are iuvited to attend the fu-neral ofourlateSecretaryfr.m Noa.146and147Bowery,at1o'clook, p. m., Tills OA«, (Tuesday.) .'stern, uncompromisingintegrity—menwho>Mpriceof just suchgrainrealizedby thePopular Sovereignty."—Brooks & C o . sur-,KP . W . E.vo< President.J. R. STAFFORD'S OUVX TAR.What we would most earnestly press on theattention of theWest, and especially of its farmers,is this: jGrrain crops are precarious at best, and the the long or short term. Were it counted for theWHK.T Oxivx T A R IS IMULID, its healing balsamic odors are brought i n direct contact with t h e lining mem' branes of theThroat, Bronchial Tube*, and all the Air-Cell* of theJbt**ff*.Rrlieving at onoe any pain or oppression, and healing any rritatloB or inilammation. i. 'Wsa» Ouv»TARISTAKHHUPONSOOAR,itformsn. ^oequaied sootbing and healing sirup for coogaa and al tnroat OMeaees.three years o f deficiency a n d failure. T o send such bulky staples to distant markets is, in the long run, ruinous alike to the land a n d its cultiva- tors—to the foil, because it is steadily exhausted ofvitalelementswhicharenotreplaced; tothe cultivator, because it subtracts from the fair re- ward of his industry the enormous cost of trans-portingvmajority:.PAH» A.NNIHIUT(»KFifty Ceuts a bottle, at No. 442 Broadway, New- York,t otheirstein oftot.Loiii«.For Board o f I'uhlic Work*—John\MidbyallJL>ruggista.J . K . S T A F F O R D ' SIRON AND SULPHUR POWDERSAre a soluble preparation of Uou and sulphur, identical with that existing in the blood of a perfectly healthy.per <on. Uniting wlta the cdge<Ced food, r , .TlIXV RjtVlTAUXR AtM> PURIJTV T H S BLOOD,XMJCY IMP ART W K K O S T O T « K NRRVO<» STSTSX, THB> IMIUOKAT* T H I LlVXK,TuaT .STKE..C-THX» TIIK DlilartTIoy,THBT &XOVLATB IKK SXC'KKTIOMS OVTBX BOUT,Ajn> ARK A St'Kciric POR aia. FaatAUi WRAXNRSSRB.subtract more value from the soil of a Western StatethanOneHundredMillions'worthofWool would; and it will cost more to transfer the Ten Millions' worth t o a seaboard or European marketMuench. William M. M'Pherson, ForCongress—FrancisP.Blair,'jr.For State Senator—Waiter B.~ Morria.For Representatives—George Partridge, Felix Coste, JohnDoyle, James Peokliam, Dr.Rudolph Doehn, R.M.Hinna, John S. Cavender, John D Stephenson, John Sexton, jr., Meier Freide, Madison Miller, George M. Moore.For County School Comnibsioner—John H . Tice. For Sheriff—Jules A . Detchemeady.For Jailor—Charles Rodermann.For Mari-hil—Peter Wegrrian.For Recorder—Thomas S. Nelson. ForCoroner—Dr.AlfredAmand.DELAWARE.—George P . Fisher ha9 been nomi- nated for Congress b y "the People's party," com- prising the "Republicans" and "Union" men. There is a good chance of his election.PRICX S>1 A PACXAOX,At Na. 442 Broadway, New-York, and all Druggists.A T KOBEBT BAIT <fcCo.'s,.No. 2 U Broadway,Corner of Warren-st., N. T .€ATCIIWOfef>8 IJT.JLUSl'KATEB*.RECEIVED BYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPHo From Washington.SpeciaUMspatch to The N. Y. Tribune,W A S H I N G T O N , Monday, Aug. 13, 1860.THE CLAIMS UPON PARAGUAY-The character of the report of the commission upon claims of American citizens upon Paraguay,-', *AttentionisInvitedtotheirlargestookofvote for any charge which h e considered exorbi- tantorexceesive; andheappealed to hitamend- ment, requiring a detailed statement of all dis- bursements on accomt of the reception, to be signed by a majority of the Committee before payment should be made thereon, in proof of hisdesire to have the business conducted in an open andhonestmanner. Hewasintheminorityon that Committee, and his voice, when raised against extravagance, was not heeded. He voted for th e appropriation of $105,000, not because he believedthat so large,a sum would be needed, but in order thattheymightbeabletomeet alljust demands, leaving the surplus to be apptied to other uses. In. conclusion, he calls upon the Chairman to convenethe Coxnmittee a t once, in order that the bills may beaudited, and.thepublic enlightened astothe mannerinwhichthemoneywasexpended.Mi. Starr is evidently sensible of the false posi-tion in which he has placed himself. If he had,when the ordinance to raise this money came u pforaction, demanded that hisamendmentbe.en-forced, and a public auditing of the bills had,instead of rushing through a large appropriation topay for what he and other members of that Com •mittee profess to be entirely ignorant of, the public the Commission, with interest up to the time of —whether or not the original or a copy of ' Mr. Seward's letter ceieure upon Gov. Medill for hie action in theUuu> aud SU.TR*: WATOHRS, By the following celebrated makers:standingplaoidlyCflAKUCS KK'-I>H>CAM,JAXX8 3TODDAKT, JOUM CXAUG,CUAS. TATLOR. & SONS, y. B . A»»x» u. Soxs, &VBKKT KAIT k. CO.T. F. Cooraic,DAVID T»n,,m,V.. 0. BxACXBKtDoa ic Co.. £ D. Joa.NaO.V,following:" To avoid doing Mr. Greeley injustice a second time, if w e have already done dim injustice once, as he seems to imply, w e taketheiibertyofaskingMmjusttwoquestions. First:Has not a copy of Mr. Seward's letter, in reply to hie, dissolving, the partnership of Seward, Weed & Greeley, pi th e original, been exhibited to any person since the first allusion to this cor- respondence in May hut, long enough for i t t o b e commiited t oTrieship Ocean Pearl is to sail today for Hong Kong, taking $180,000 ir gold and silver, and $41,000 worth of n*our wheat and potatoes.M 1. TOBIAS. ROBTBoaxaxt.,ofitsFood uponornearitsownsoil.ForeignPATBK PHILLIJ-* ic Co., JLOOIS ABMJIUKI,J AS. biAXDllt,Javics JvJtOMMBMX,Which they Oiler at wholesale and retail at low; prices.• • • - • • •be secured through a Protective Tariff a n d t h e .njtmory ? And, secondlj : Is not this copy, which w e publishaortnient ofOor.xv and Six.vax WATCUXS, By aU the celebrated makers ofthe commission.I hear, that the President is dis-London,At Reduced Prices;SARATOGA//Liverpool, '-,and.knownthatinallthismatterof claims uponthe jr., Georgeliear«t,G:H.Monroe,Jioiea Magnera, D.Riorda-,T. R.Morgan. A.H.Marshall, Wm.Foster J.Gregoiy, J.F. Government,Mr.Buchananisfarahead of most Frey,S.8.Sichaon, J.Trantand wife,J.Shepard, Mrs.M.E. of his Cabinet Ministers in liberality. Ho showed Holmes, Henry App'eyard, L . G . Cole, / . B . Davenport, S . B .wu«ii«iu.t:, anU deiiciona to the taste. the'Uxaied S U i e s use i t in tneir practicePhyaxviaus througdoutEMPIRESPRINGW A TER.this very conspicuously in the Armick and Ramsay case, when Attorney-General Black and Controller Medill both fell under his displeasure for settipgMaloney, M. H . Dyer, J . C . Yatea, Joaeph Green.There were also 130 steerage passengers. ments Of tieature were as follows:LOSDVS.LITKXPOOI.K. tiQ. BXZSLSY,JOSKPUSKWKLL,Qxsxvx.J. C. LXDXOLB,VACHXMOX it COXSTATIX, , L. ic K. DDCHKXJB,mands the creation of markets for the great bulk;Tbe ship Victoria has cleared for Australia, withNo. ^ 1 Broadway, comer of Warren-st, N . Y .,Is offered at wholesale and retail'a very large and complete aa-—Thepersonthusaddressedanswered asfully, directly, concisely, as his knowledge and ability. SCPKKIOH TO cON&axss 6i-iux« WATBK. •The ship-B. D , MilU&CoDeWitt, Kittle ic Co Dicker,Jewett&Paxton15,d0«The Empire Water i* put up at U>e Empire Spcing.at baraioga, i n pint a n d quart^potUes, s*ithcoiksallbrandedthus&~— '' EXPIKX" We are obliged to H . G. for his prompt attention to our in- quiries. W e orly regret that he should have read them i n such hasatlengthconclndeditslabors,andto-dayfilesat ha.steasnottounderstandthem. WithamoreleisurelyperusalAl»op&. CoWell., Fareo & Co Luther&Church B. Davidaon Ta&fftf, McCabill r&llanl ic Wilde$181,051 132,000 8400<i 8 000$22,500 Itf 272'X &e adverttseifeent 01 C it W., complaining ofspurious Mineral Wate', is notlung bat aonve at 1 SPRING. tne Ezusire Water,We challenge comparlaon. 6.W.wiaToXatCo.,PioprietorsEmpireSpring.Depot, No. 13 John-st, Jsew-Yotk. Send for ci. culir. Bold by Droggists and Hotels goneraUy.'themselves firmly againet that measure.other members of the Cabinet came to their rescue,C IIA.S v\ ii'Dty<ani> tc Co., Proprietors, ;No. 7« Wuliam-st., N. Y .Sold b y Druggists generally.'vEUREKA SEWING-MACHINES. Price$50. C*X* B X P AID / O K IS VTXXK1.Y ?A>KKXTH.Office 498 Broadway. Local Agent* waited. D . J . LXVT, Supt.WHEP.I.KR <tc WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES. ** W»pce/er thena for family use.''—[Tribune.M Th*r are the tavorite* for fiuuiUes."— (Times.Otnce no. mo Broadway, New-York. FINE' ARTS.—What Photography and Pine Artcan do. may be seen in a larg« groap picture on exhibition at PAJUH'B Photcgrapnic Gallery (late Boot's), No. 863 Broadway.CHEAPEST INSURANCE IN T H E WORLD.Wearenowmakiug,withoatexception,tnebestSAPXever ©flered to the pablic. Our aafee preserve tneir contents when~ exposedt«rfirelathelr»stmaxner,andour Bv*i«i**H-ru.ovir baxK tfroes tfie wortd. Any one about to purchase u requested to east andexaminetot themselves. vv * '<'vxTUX BXSTSAPX >OK TUX IMMft MOHJtX. STXAJUIS ic MAKVIM,tio. 336 Broadway, cor. Worth-st. THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM,E- AarKoat, No. 801 Broadway.Cataiogaee sent on receipt of stamp, photographic materialslor amateurs and the Lade.GAS FIXTURES.BALL, B L A C K icNo* SW and 567 Broadway,THE DEFAULTING POSTMASTERS.The' Hero, accompanied by tbe Ariadne and FlyiDg Fish', eailed a t 2 p . m . , a n d t h e Fomone followed shortly af«er.• —TIic JEmbezKlciiicni Case. TORONTO, Monday, Aug. 13,1-800.C. H . McDougal one of the parties connected with the Cincinnati embezzlement, delivered himself up t o tbe authorities oh Saturday, but was discharged on tbe 6>>me grounds that Montatrue was. McDougtJ claim* the $&.0C0, and it is reported that he will bring a sait againet the city for i t .-m— Marine Disaster.BAr.TrwtoiiK. Monday, Aug. 13, 1860. The steamer Mount Vernon, from New York, r e - ports, on Sunday, ten milW north of Chincoteagae, saw a schooner ashore, with u signal of distress} wealGROVER & BAKER'S CELEBRATEDNoiSXUUtS SxWlNb-MACUlXXs. The Best in Use for Family Sewing. Ho. 40» Broadway,.I gparr»t fr»ind of rortintibn intoCorner of Prince-etVIn addition to their large stocx of nch Ooons, offer for sale a largeassortauentof'CJtArtOXXUCK* audGASPIXTCKX*ofeveryI>y**aurr, are completely controlled o y u*ing HOLLOW AY'* JVIix*. The stomach i* in yigorated, bile corrected, the functions vl the bowels recuperated, aud the general oonstltation improved by their*fteratrve»c.ion.eounsti'e individual Senators who voted for his im-—By all means, gentlemen! run a.separate Bell )monment; but these buits are now neoeesarily de- will take place on Wedueeday. The hour ol starving;C o p e u n a g e h ,as far as i t goes, substantially the same as tint original, with Or without the allusion to Messrs. Webb and Raymond t"New-York. No. L a * ulton-st, Brooklyn.the public vtill believe not only that there has beena shaiteful attempt to rob tee City Treasury,butClaim No". 18. T . B . Smithuon....'..... "*75 66 Claim No. 19. James Haxcourt.....>.., 75 0 0 Claim No. 20. Simon T. Shell .-. 2000 Claim N o. 21. John H. Fitch..' 29008521 85 2 1 1704• 19 32 52 8 3 13747by this time we venture to assume that it is no longer, if it ever was, regardedasatrifling matter."THETKIBONEliavingtreatedthe exhibitionofaprivatelet- ter us un indecorum; having practically admitted that the letter published by us as the reply of Mr. Sewurd was something like the original, that it contained aorue 'lucky guesses,' thus justi-ings will be instituted against them.DEA TH O F W M . B . W AL WORTH.William B . Walworth of New York, a Clerk in the Land Office, died suddenly yesterday at theC o . ,were expected to enrich whole sections have col- lapsed uncer the baleful spell of general want and disaster, dragging down to bankruptcy all whoif even under any circumstances they could be in- fluenced by such a motive, the public must needs re*t satisfied that their work is fairly and honor-• Geneva,. >•v THEQUARANTINE IJ»A1T1A.GE8.The Commission for examining into the question of actual logs sustained by the State o r by individu- als, at the destruction of the Quarantine Hospitals,THECHAMPION'SBELTISOURS!—Dr. J. BOVEE wouldnothavesuspectedaswindle,andMr.Starrawa?d:Amt.award'd. Claim N o 1 . Com'rs of Emigration. .$260,700 00 $107,251 7 9Total.$804,275Don's 1Mi-AKiAi. VVi.sa bmKiu a.e. u/iiveraally acanowledgedtobesuperior toallothers nowbeforetnepuolic,beingcom-posed ol Barbtrry, SpiXeuaxd, Wild Cherry-Itee Bark. Camo-mile yioweiu, Oentiati, fioloaton's deal, and Comfrey. They are other course, and t h e natural conssquences fol- the beacremedy Luowu ivr lacipient Consumption, wVeak i.ungs,I»spr>|>*ia, indigestion, Debuity, Nervous Diaease, Poraljais, ' Piles, ana ad vas<a requiring a Tome.Por Sore Tliroat, so common uxuoi.g the Clergy and other Public £>peakeza, it sets liae a ciurui A»a beverage, it is pure,lowed. A ll that we ask is that the people shall not be obliged to pay for what they know nothingEnter-It is stated that if the defaulting Postmasters, of whom I advised you in my dispatch on Friday,CHARLOTTETOWK, Monday, Aug. 13,18*X). The Prince of Wales and suite embarked at 10 o'clock on Saturday for G«spe. Salutes were fired fjom'ibe forte, tbe ships H*ro, Ariadne, Coesaek, and Flying Fish, which manned their yards; also, t h eFLSjbwHs *fe L Y O N SJBWXNG-MACHINJB Co.—All The West, if not entirely solvent, is no longert-i xuarket or money refonued. AxenU wanted. SoHBroadway, N.Y. pauper. "Thereis corn in Egypt," and promisticket.! That is the straight, manly way, if Bell ia thecandidateyouthinkoughttobeelected. Run- ning a Bell ticket for Bell's sake, is the right thing; mimingit "in order to weaken thechancesof "Lincoln," does notseem to us quite sonice. However,BOthatyouvoteforthemanyouwantis 11 o'clock a. m.discovery ofRemains of Soldiers. TORONTO, Monday, August 13, 1860.While workmen w«re makingexcavations to-day, GREAT DESTRUCTION OP PROPKRTV — FORTY near the Old Fort in this plaos, they discovered the re-• imachine*wanraatedtofive bettersatisfactionthanany othersinViolent Storm,SPALDISPG'S PREP ARED GLCTE."Everybodyshouldhaveabottle."—{Tribune. FOR SAUI E r m r w u u .K e n t u c k y Election. LOUISVILLE,Monday,Aug.13,186*.ManufacturedbyH.C.SPAtnmok.OK,NO,« Cedar-et.. Peat-Officeaddress.BoxNo.8.800 ,BrooksandCol.MichaelDohenyfollowingeachotherinaddressesfromthesameplatforminTam- nowdisposedof.Itwouldbewellthatthere manyHall.Itisallright,onlybesureyouuuder-^Niretycountiesoutofone-bundred-and-fouriatk# StategiveCombe25,833majorityoverMoClarty.••• i ,.-F r o m A l b a n y .article for Dressing, Beautifying, Cleansing, Curling, Preservingthat this region will have an aggregate surplus of OneHundredMillionsofDollarsinvaluebeyond thatofanyfoimeryear.Into a discussion of the results of this ple^gjfl wedonotproposenowtoenter; SufficeitfnatJ we sincerely trust that the farmers of the North- West wilt obtain a liberal reward for their labor. Andtherearemanycircumstancesthatfavorsuchcarried off.Forty lives were lost.TOCORRESPONDENTS.of John G. Saxe, George Bancroft, Edwin Forrest, stitution, and the Enforcement of the Laws. There need benoYancey-Breckinridge Disunionists have only received their JintNRW-YORK TRIBONX.No notice can be taken o f Anonymous Communications. What-The South and South-West, from Texas so far Northward a s Kansas and Kentucky, havequeiitions or criliciAm as to the past, but perfect harmony.in com* batting the common enemy hereafter—Le., both sectional par-OfTKRDAILYTKIBTJNK,andthenecessityofputtingthefirst formofthepapertopressatanearlyhour,wearecompelled to give notice t o o u r Mends that hereafter a ll advertisements must be handed to before 8 o'clock in the evening, with the sin- gle exception of those intended for Insertion among the Business Notices on the fourth page of the paper. That olass of adver- tisements will be received until a late hour, but no others can bebakesafter 8 o'clock.ITIr*.Gtirney'a Letter.Persons who were unable to obtain oar Daily editionof last Friday, will find Mrs. Gurney's letter in our Semi-Weeily edition, a t 10 o'clock this morning. Price five cents.threatenedtobeamonthorsixweeksago.There RussellLowell,andAlfredB.Street,whoareallkeep on fighting "both sectional parties" with him, why does n't he put in a word for DouglasAdvices from Mexico state that Miramon's army bad been defeated by the Liberals while attempting to escape from Lagos. Miramon was surrounded at Leon. The principal towns in the Valley of Mexico had pronounced for the Liberals. TheSpanish Minister had threatened the bombardment of Vera Cruz,adance.self. '•'.•••1stning. T h e steamer John L . Stevens sailed for Panama on ihe 1st inst., with 202 passengers a n d $876,000 in treasure, $786,000 of which is for New-York.The Democratic State Central Committee, after strenuous efforts to maintain harmony and OliviTaritnotitujty—dot*notdiscolor. nominateoneelectoralticket,split,andtwoCon-With three exceptions. For Governor—Jame» B . Ourden hire o f Cole.For Lieutenant-Governor—Jame» LLadaay of Iron.For Secretary of State—Wm. B. Adama of Montgomery. ForTreasurer—G.W.H.LondonofBuchanan.For Auditor—Ezra Hunt of Pike.For Attoniey-General—Arnold Krekel of St. Charles.For Register—Thomas C. Fletcher of Jefferson.For Superintendent of Common Schooh»—Dr. Henry Boern-a n d Breckinridge,Ticket iri orderW u»« OUTI TAR IS APVUKO, its magnetic or concen ated ouxa.ivc powers r<nder it a most speedy and efficientb ehard work.in«t.,arriveda tS t .Josephyesterdaymor-Republican Ticket.would have saved hisreputation.HetooktheIf theat heart were desirous of his nomination.taining these sentiments, they a r e considered a sengaged in promoting his cause by writing Lecomp- . French frigate Fomone. ton o r disunion letters.about.fairly a n d honently expended t h e large amount named, which we do not believe they can, we pre- sume that, while most of uu v, id cousiler thezh to have been outragouBly extravagauT, there will be no serious onjt ction to payiug t>vtm so dearly for^BgRg&BB&BmBmBaBaaqmm.WBjSfS9SSt iPMWWWCommittee can show that they haveAlexander Cross 931 0 0 . our whistle. But, until the items are fairly given, Claim No. 17. Henry St. CM-...."....." As it is, however, we beg to be excused for pressing this sub-"66 46 ject once once more upon the attention of THKTKIBUNK, where shall fail to pay up on demand, criminal proceed-lei»B m m t is fend appoint* da tbe money '.ron orders of "the ON War,This th* v ! uc from tjfe War C• "Which requ-rtd He, ofcours*.* ideut, reei'iiig tl and ooviouft. luej can mistake, to no lavryrr cand officer "of Ei git teller to cay o«ttcontrolitsexpel law of 1&S8. oa in exprees t<*i an '*workslwlidU Jinally urgir-g ih t.bework, to.hts wid of the speck vot to make hi snmey^and circi Xnents, of court*TheAdumust sentiment of deli have no s<sreeu ft law; u:der pr more difficulty i one. Theylav their indocile, .nlei.ee. But the; They will mak< allow the extra ing an appropr Already, we uo feUo\NM*, and n-j de red Aim to pk tary beirg th^ A.t that rate tl.ojthe work cos* a it willrthough 1 & Million, if the;We unders.!aii< Continues to deli that n o column Heebotr, althou got from llwvbn priation to be ej Cocnelly, howe of Wtr, whichcontractor a cle amounting to $1—At the rate publicanismint *o tell the ta'e c Tanks.: Inludi3»au Deniocrat, of a Dough**pn others, deck i H Kipley Count>, are on the ioll.<« rVth(llblmr.u'e•Oocfld€nt of canthat a inajwify of the Aldermen and Counciimen Claim No. 22. John F..B.eed fc Bro.... 46 5 0are couledenu.ts in the.robbery and sharers in the sp<ils.T H E IIEEIS1NO O E T U G W E S T .For more than three years past, the Free WestTotal..........Expenses of commission...T otal$129,714 474,107 65 fying the belief that the original, or its copy, had been recently Union Hotel in Georgetown. H e was quite wellDrouihin's<ed-time—floodsinharvest—frostsinJune andAugust—tempests,hail,tornadoes—themidge,theweevil, tnegrasshopper—rust, smut,OntheotherhanditproposestoassessuponRich- mond county$133,82212,asumwhich,wepre- sume,willseemampletoreasonablementocovergenuine;arid,ifitis,whetheritreachedthelightthroughTHKTHIBPNK office, or through the connivance of Senator Sewurd or Texas. The Comoissioner of the General Land-Oirlcewere fair, they brought no price; when pork soldwell, there were n o store-ho^s, Or no corn where-•'••'Y;,;i• ,*sh-•li •••JXEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, AOGfiTST 14, i860estimates are extravagant; but there can be no Quarantine is .necessary is a point about which to Bell, will stay with Richmond and Caggerhecco-th i sSeptemberbjthetwofactions. ABell and Ev- TenMiliions'worth ofWheat, forinstance,willventions have been called for the 5th and 11th of erett movement has been started.productsultimatemarkets.M. Richardson,FrederickWisconsin or Iowa farmer who grows grain fendedhimselffromthecharges madeagainsthim as his chief crop must sell it for lessthan one-half—often less than one-third—theDouglas men and several others are noacommittaLA movement is on foot to call a Bcii and Everett State Convention to'nominate an o'ectoral ticket.Gen. Shields er-ived a t San Francisco tl>i« morning by the Overland Mail stage, which left St. Louis on the 9th of July.A company of 100 persons, having 38 wagons and 500headofstock,havearrivedat CarsonValleyfr«>m Salt Lake. They are Mormon sectders, a n d escaped with difficulty, beii'g pursued by a baud of Saints aud threatened with vebgeauce.hasbeenunderstoodforsometime,butitwas re-some16,000bushelsofwehat. 'asitecannotbefixeduponandsecuredoneyear percent,heavierthananyoneprecedingit,and aswellasanother. OnebranchofthesubjectistheOhio,theHarvestof1860willbeatleastfiftya reeult.Prof. Boynton, Roger B . Taney, and Robert J .name and address of the writer--not necessarily for publica- suffered materially from drouth, especially in their Walker. Wc bave given them all. Look now a t ties. I hope the press on both sldeB will take this ground. * Theever hv Intended for insertion mast be authenticated by t h etion, hut as a guaranty fo* his good faith.W e cannot undertake to return rejected Communications.crops of Grain. They must buy largely of Corn and Pork, possibly of Flour and Beef also. Then the Brit- ish Wheatharvest is quite late, and not yet secured,the other side: .Of orr American Poets, we know no names thatrebuke—mild a n d gentle, compared t o t h e future.dedtned."They arerank above those of William Cullen Bryant, JohnO-vcingtotherecentgreatincrease,inthecirculation sothatitmayprovedeficient,asthatofFrance GreenleafWhittier,HenryW.Loogfellow,Jamps "thepatrioticNationalUnionDemocracy"toTroulT« Adrertiaera..—That is very well; but when the General wantswill doubtless b e a considerable Foreign demandor Flour and Meat, though not naturally eaougho abborb the magnificent surplus of the North- Curtis, Henry Ward Beecher, and Edmund H .and Non-intervention? turkey .once t o tfcem.He don't seem to saywest. But there are portents of a great war in Ciapin, are for Lincoln. Of those who have Europe, which may break out a t any moment, and honored our country by exploration a t home o r b yislikelytoinvolvemostoftheContinentinitshor observation abroad, John C.Fremont, Richardbut it is needless.TH£ CHEAT.The following is the fraudulent ballot whioh loses Frank Blair his certificate for the short term. It was printed and two hundred and seven of it voted, not one of them being counted for Blair for either' The Pony Express, with California dates of the abundance of this year may be followed by two or short only, it would elect him by over a hundredTo-night theRepublican Ward Associations aboveFourteenthstreet,willconveneattbeirusualplaces The Pony Express wi'hSt.Louis dates ofthe of meeting, toelect each two delegates and two 17th of July, arrived here on the 30th.take a risk by holding, but the chances seem to usm favor of that policy. If Peace holds, prices mustrulequitelow; butifWarcomes,theymustt r c d ,will set their faces like flint against all thieving politicians—shall represent you in the State Con- vention.The Selma [Sentinel—a Douglas organ in Ala- bama—says:the day.rPost that it did not inquire as to his knowledge, butastothatofTHETRIBUNE ! ThePost's arti- cle.issopeculiarandcharacteristic thatwe must tax the patience of our readers by transcribing it verbatim::pleasedwith'oldCaveJohnson'sreport, butitisEvery one must judge and act for him-in consequence of his coanection with this business.Whilehewasreadytovotefor alljustclaims,hedesired to have it understood that he vvoold not grower in Connecticut or Great Britain; while his prising Sumner in his seat, knocking him downyield of Wool, no matter how large, would com-mandathisbarnwithintenpercent,ofits.highessprice in the best market in the world. These factsillustrate a law, and c n e which the West cannottoo clearly comprehend. The permanent well-f The Evening Post sawfit on Friday to ask the being of that bounteous, magnificent region de-Albany and a t Richmond the award upon which i t than eircumstahces permitted him t o give them, h e would havehas determined. The following statement shows seen that we did not ask if he or any other specific individualHowever,standit,andseejustwhoreyouarecomingout.BEPKE8BWT1TIVE HORN.We have before us a catalogue of what are supporters in his late successful canvas*, aaya:shouldbenofurtherdelayupontheother./,Ar-Bf"?y»M<>nd'*r,Ao/r.13,I860. aDtHauto. ;Nobtujineeshasb<*ntransactedit bis offiwforLincoln. OfourbestknownAuthorsnot known as Poets, Henry C* Carey, George Wm.H. Dana, and E. G. Squier—if w e may not name another who stands nearer to us—are for Lincola. It is notorious that in all our most eminent Col- leges and seminaries of learning, the Faculty andrors. Should that. war commence this Autumn—ard no one can say that, with a Bonaparte wield-ing despotic sway in France, it may not within amonth—a general advance in the prices of Food isalmost inevitable. While, then, w e would advise the Students are overwhelmingly for Lincoln. O fno man to hold on to his grain at the expense of those who are widely beloved and reverenced forhiscreditors,wethinkthosewb^>areperfectly philanthropicdevotiontothereliefofhumansuf-able to hold Wheat at the West may as well keep fering, the mitigation of misery, a vast majoritytheir property in this shape as in any other. They are. for Lincoln. We might extend the catalogue; Albany, and therefore see to it that enly men of"with a bludgeon, and beating his head to a jelly." Non-intervention."—Douglasby and seeing the job thoroughly done.made a copy of the letter he called " bogus." W e asked—if he theamountsclaimedandthe.amountsawardedbywillpardonusforaguindirectinghisattentiontoourfirstinquiryandtheattempttogetavoteofCongressionalEugeneKellv&Co 38.5CJ. B. Weir it CoClaiai No. 2. T W . Waiser 6,22500 Claim No. 3. D.H. Bhsell 6.56555 Clami No. 4 . Com'rs of Emigration.., 23 53375 Claim N o . 5. C. C.Waller , 7^00 00 Claim No. 6. David McLyman....... 7500 Claim N o 7. Cornelius.Cole.. 12000 Claim No. 8. Edward Cunningham... 169 2 0 ClaimNo. 9.-Geo.W.F.Buuolph.... 105 00 Claim No. 10. Jacob Journeay '.., 244 59 Clairx. No. 11. John Waters. 162 00 Claim No. 12. Louis Hansen 126 0 0 CJaim No. 18. James Dojle. 74 50 C l a i m N o ) 4 . L e w i s B r o w n &. C o l,3b2 98 Claim No. 15. Jaint-s O'Rourke.. 6175 Claim No. 16. Richard H . Thompson.. 19,5'JO 002556471695 14,34760 50252"bl 13 101 6 8 34 08 119 30 9885 143 1 5 48 85 421 8351 41 5,106 05The Prince or Wales.Claim No. 23. F .B- Gillette.12600 .. $327,182 57The result shows the wisdom of creating such a Commission before which the county could have a fair hearing, a s the award cuts down t h e claimshas sat in sackcloth. H er rich, deep soil hasseemed to labor under some malignant spell. for damages nearly two hundred thousand dollars. whether the letter published, as far as it goes, is substantiallyOfilce the neceesary papers to obtain the right of w ay as near, as possible, and sent a boat and tc*ik off theblight;—such have been ihe varying but ever-mel- all the actual destruction of property which questions instead of H . O., w e could get at more truth at a time,ancholyburdenoftheWesternsong. Whencrops probably took place when theHospitals were andbekoorierdonewith a discussion which, ifprotractedtooThe Asate Club.'NEWPORT, Monday, Aug. 13, 1860.The sloop Nuugatuck, with the Agate Club of New- York, boucd to Boston, put in here at 12:40 a. m., af- teraroughnight. Allwell.« / . .iVon-ArrlvaloftheParana.ST. JOHN'S, N. F., Monday, Aug. 13,1860—a. m.Wic'd east. Weather cloudy. Thermometer 60, N o signsofthesteamshipParana, nowabout'due fromburned. As the gentlemen composing the Commis-sion are fair and honorable men, who can have, in withto fatten them. Railroad enterprises that tbis matter, no private interest to subserve,long, may bore the public more thun t h e parties wiio copied aud exhibited the letter, if anybody did copy or exhibit it, about which H. G..accidentally omitted to enlighten us."—Althoughitdoesseemtousthat ThePost taxes our courtesy to the utmost, w e state, in reply to the above, that T H E TRIBUNE has no knowledge nor belief that any private letter from Gov. Sew-Indian territory, andtheStatesofTexas, Arkansas, description, and ol the newest styles, both foreign and domestic had aided and all who had trusted them. Cities ably done, and the actual damage assessed ard to Mr. Greeley was ever copied at all, nor that and other States, which is now of comparatively littleGalway 7th inst. Thick fog at Cape Race.The Canada Afloat.'aaanaiaetnies.A GENUINE HAIR RESTORATIVE.K.Twenty hve tbou*and grosssold hi one year. Tne immense sale and popularity or wooi/s. HAIK ajesToxAxivx has caused every charlatanfa.thecoontry to go into the mauuiactareof some sort oi propagation for trie Hair. U you want a genuine Hair jRe«tor*ave, nay Prot O. J Wood's. OlM article at an expense Of over four bundxea thousand dollars, has been Introduced into every part of Uie Union, ana uuw a.ter a test or more tmut sevenand towns repudiated their honest debts, o r (whit is the same thing) made no adequate provision forThe people of Staten Is!ani should also rest any such letter has been showD—whether by somevalue.By the construction of railroads from Atchison, con- necting with the Hannibal and St. Joseph Kailroad to Lawrence, and from Leaven worm to Lawreuce, and thence south through the Indian Territory to connect with the Texas rohds, it is believed that millions of dollars will be added to the wealth of the country from the mineral resources, which have not and cannot be developed without the means of travel and transporta- tion, whichihe presentenkrprise isdesigued to'supply.Thaddeus Hyatt of the City of New-York is here, on his way to the*West. He, it is said, goes to Kansas to inquire into the condition of the people of that Terri- toi y, w h o are reported as on the verge of starvation from failing crops.Tne statement that a suit has been instituted agaiust the Sergeant-at-Arms of th e Senate by Mr. Hyatt, isthe payment of interest thereon.to evade the payment of their own mortgagee. Debtors did not pay the local merchants, and, , HAT.rKAX, Monday, Aug. 13, I860.yew; the v*rdicthas been pronounced unanimously by the whole these retorted on their Eastern creditors; so that ••ptopU> in,its favor. Twenty u s e thousand gross—three millionssix nuiuired thousand btt'ies—sold in one >ear. What stronger insolvency seemed the rule, and dishonesty byno the citizens of the county will be unconscious of its •vvidence of i t s restorative pvtopertteaeaa ne produced? Depot means a n exception. The North-We*t grew grad-]No. 4*4 Broadway, and s:id oy ail litOgglats.'< mt h e~ ~ TM ~ ~ DRUG STORE P O R SALET "The stock and fixtures of a first-ela< s DHCO STORX in the City of Rochester, N . * . Thefixturea ate of tue best style aud can be easJv removed to any part of .the country; or, the lease may be continued at the pleasure o f tne porchasor. Kor particulaxs apply to Lxxaux, VLAVAH. k, QAKPI.ISK, SO. 10 Gold-»£, JN7Y7rated t h e value o f their property, a stain upon their reputation.a n dbeenThe Albany Atlas has a cheerful correspondentin Illinois, who writes that" the Beil a n d Everett o r Union Ticket haa many warm aup- poi tors, and i t la supposed that a straight ticket will be ran in this State, b y that party, in order to weaken the chance* of Lincoln."» Y acht NEW BEDFORD,I 2*'I hone terrible Summer bcourges, Diarrhcea andWe do not.know the precise amount for which the Quarantine property on Staten Island has been mortgaged by the Commissioners of Emigration- bat; thesumawarded bythis Commissionwil: liquidate, perhaps, half of it. That property would probably bring at auction,to-morrow, ifitwere offered, enough to payoffthe rest ofthe mort-erroneous. H is intention is to prosecute in the State morrow morning for this harbor,where a grand regattauallymerchants and capitalists, who had a t length come to comider a Western debt and a bad debt «ub-weight, while they purchase a t a cheap rate the tettlement of a vexed question which has deterio-unpopulara n ddiscreditedwithseaboardstantially the same thing.ing and the-Co'.ton-spinning States were rrgai^^a as deserving of credit in New-York o r London.At length, there a r e premonitions o f a change.Thereisanovel radiance inthe occidental%kfJLADD, WEBSTJKB & Co.'8 IMPROVED "TIGHTlavtfe* watted upon b v a female in private rooms. BathingTrasses', Supporters, ohoolder-Braces, Suspensory Bandages, their own bread, are counting up their Millions of the removal doing ? Nearly a second Summer hasjUIkKiaeftoScoeidaxs,hatee-Caps,andallsurgicalappliances,by passedsincethematterwasput into their hands, . m&m fc Co., No. 1 Veaeyat., N. Y., oppoalt- S t f^xf* t;hurch. busbabi of Wheat just harvested, and their Tens ofFarmers triedOnly the Cotton-grow-content that they are called upon to pay nearly two hundred thousand dollars less than they h a d reason to suppose, six months ago, would be as- sessed upon them, and are, therefor?, let off easily. The burden can be made, by giving the bond* ofperson connected with this establishment o r by any one else—since the first public attention to this sub- ject in May last. If The Post has any knowledge in t h e premises superior t o ours—and i t was i t s positive assertion that such a letter had seen re-_, •1 he Royal Mail steamship Canada, whioh wentashorem paseirg out of this harbor on Thursday night hist, hi afloat, and has n o t sustained much injury. She sail* to-night at 8 o'clock for LiverpcoL..$133,822~12exhibited by somebody, and having more than once implied that if exhibited at all it could orJy have been by or through the pro- curement of Governor Seward or his iritnds, it becomes—as the editor of THKTRIHUNK will readily perceive, a Feuhy Trumpet of the Sunday School sort this morning to the contrary notwith- standing—a question o f n o trifling importance" t o determineon the day previous, and his death is attributed toan affection of the heart. o the Auociated Pre**.W ASHINGTON, Monday, Aug. 13,1860. Judge Amy of Kansas has filed in the General Laad-the counly, to be gradually redeemed, so light that cently exhibited that first impelled u« to allude to the matter—will i t now speak put ?Arrivalo fDamascusA violent storm in this vioinity on Saturday, caused d Vatvaa iHth sueceaa, la etifectinf core* of Hernia or Rapture, have hitherto barely or but little more than made sary hospitals. What are the Commissioners for for A in order to get B into the House, where you immense damage to property.F*c*orv, No. 16 Bond-at. Private entrauoe tot hidiea. The Ujm j uext month. I t is quite possible that some of these endai gered by the presence of ship fever. That a Richmond and digger, under pretense of devotionlest.p!o ion ol a powder magaziue.-• - - --00§H»&m the «Jcy-light rooms.Untitled Documentor make, a new site, and build thereon the neces- elected, we have not a word to say. But votinghisfriends,H.G.seemingtoexcludetheideathatitcouldhave emerged from UB consecrated privacy through auy other cnanueL " Perhaps if THK TKIBUNK were to undertake to answer thesehas,inconformitywithtbelawofCougress,granted th«necessaryinstructionstotheLand-Onloersnaviog control of the lands through which this road will pass to reserve the right of way, and lands f«ftr depots a n d water stations. ' ' ~l '> 'Mr. Amy left this city to-day. for Kansas, and withacorps ofengineers,will at once procfeed tomakeapurvey through Kansas and the .Osage aud Cherokeelodiancountry,withaviewofthe permanentlocation"f the road through the Indian territory. The con-struction of this road will connect the western countrywith the Gulf of Mexico, and open the travel aud re-sources of a large. portion of country in Kausas, theheexpectedtogetheroff.,expect to choose C r is a very complicated game, whichyouwillnevergetthemasses tounderstandAt Procterville, the terminus of th e Mexican GulfRailroad,thewaterroseovertwelvefoot, submergingGen. Leslie Combs, in returniog thanks to hitAnother express with dates to t i e 28th, aw telegraphed alternates t o the Republican State Convention, a t and will reach tbis city to-night. Confidence u n o wSyracuse. T h e representatives of the Wards be-low Fourteenth street, will meet at the same timerestored in the future regularity of the expreea.The Democratic State Central Committee, ag ap-pointed by t i e late Democratic State Convention, met at San Franci co on the 30th and 3let alt,, and after a" There i s n o moreand Johnson than there i s o f the election taking place. I n 1856, there were 75,291 votes cast for President, 46,TSd for Buchan&n, and 28,552 for Fillmore. A s t h e indications are now, Douglas will receive 36,000, BeU 22,000, Breckinridge about 17,000."-i-All this isvery well, and we want to assume that the writer believes it—but when he comes to urge (as no doubt h e soon will) the formation of ajoint Bellto beatWe cau only promise to do our bestdoubt about Alabama going for DouglasDouglasElectoral i t willfor tbe construction of a railroad through Southern Kantas,toconnectwithtlieGalvestonRailroadincaptain's wife and son. The vessel was naovd the Ar- eolaofStatenIelaud,fromNorfolk forNew-York, with a cargo of grain. She got on shore on Sanday morning,aridthecaptainhadgoneforassistance,when{ayed. his counsel having beou instructed to defer thornuntilhisreturnfromtheWest..LIVES LOST. NKW-OKLEANS,Monday,Aug.13,1860.'.'it'•Ti,A A*^ nioAttoroey-aeneralisoatoftownaadhisA*«i*-. Seligman it Co& C o . .40.15 40.000 88,60<HALIKAX, Monday, Aug. IZ, 1860. The Cunard screw steiimship Damascus, from Liver-pool, July 30, arrived this foreuoou.' . . Club—Keiratta. Mondav, Aug. 13,1»60.Tbe New-York Yacht Squadron leavedewport to-•'ICe>»-\rork•. * ^ * WI •••^••••^.^ a * g a » ..:.w'1itoWfmii\1mtMMiitoi£ii*\i\ii''\''fII niiinr-""''""—JaJ"-'aiaiiMlii^iaaaaBlitta^**'I'liiinriiliiiiiiifaiiBiMiiaaasBgaaaaffiaB www.fultonhistory.comM^nm^m• • -• - •• •- - --Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069m 