 fttaaspoon, then direoting the patient to draw a longleoBODaottylit bit BCM Mai than kindred aUhctioas of theof breathing came on within twenty-teur hours, and TsouiBXAr, who saw It commence as a slight excori-kct-hosscs of New-York," none appeals mora strong- ly, or Impresses Itself more deeply, than tbe uaaav-matter before It la termlaitad. mTahrey hare am daytime, it bean no comparison to ite utter uselcs*- rupt roads of uls State groesty egleetad.7.SMtt I^StDot. BuTomiAD ny:"aanrttaeathe epidemic terminates ^faamber of IndiTiduU bare licen atuekad Sea iibMi UaAoMiaa 1* imloaaad ia aay eaanti7> TSwtetvnSTtahMeBUsetta^seemtooCvat%k*sa«,Vl!toAMauor Mys.tli«t the diiMae kMat4Hbr«Bt4feMs aada tta ajppeaiaaee In erarrskin as far as the If local treatment can control It. yon have the be-6' 1>—«w«omi,fifai V)r rawvntaed. .But,t(ie—but the inflammationinmismanagementone of those cases which, be-andsometravel—as follows:ber, has made great progress in her mo^eal atodlee, and has been honored wltt an tovitettoa to liaa afeand, ^aia, y«a maiJws* the meatbraneoas formaticm, orwas carried off sali- the proper treatment. by profuseUSzzl, what sighs must rend thefr lacelle bcaa»*! "its various types. The ty]>e «ldA It aanmadf laat WiBtsr, so far as my experience aad akM(Ta^^t!a,belag much mora fatal than thattywUekwatteyWtedthe diseasevation, which began on the sixth day—the patientregular dealer or foestaUer, as they are termed!; ttuseffected at the risk enabling the citizen to enjoy an advantage from with several other boond <br Kew-r4l{kflMtta, praeBtiaKopinion declaringthey forced to visit them, even in the spirit On each successive Satorday this duty isof his limbs; and on every other day of the week withI saw, not long ago, a Madonaa" packed into aijwr,itt ItmiMJIthe rora avit, whilst shoulder-hitters, roughs and odor-',Wa BDW e«ae to the tlaie when the medical men ef tmt awa eamttj aauliBinte thiir share of literature, ••dil^w«9 ^hayperformthetask.as it it existed before, were, explodes,possessing every adv.Btagedemanded for ttepur- sidered. The action and agiiienteiit prompt general^ Baiwn 1ahttyiy4>>diremoifht'oftajMpert, •norwUeh^ieigiditi sray Into the writlaga efobserved a Teimesseean, can't we have a Presidential candidate who has not been mixed upmand for7. The accruing to tte public ef a•taMat aU tiM'inig* authors, in comectlon with noIm a petaoD ttan that of Gea. WasHnisTOB, whomlargerletter of has not been acted eti by resignationaad fete part of tha throat, a sense of strictare la fto paiCa eaoch lod a dUhoalt rather than a yrtaftd digbllHau) wMib wen Mon succeeded by fn« aad adkskaad-labodoas recitation. Ballev- !( Maed-MliaK^'ta be aaaamir, be proenred 1 MiiilT, wiH^ Urn V» aiB twelvi or faorteeB MBcaaofbtMtfrbst.ha vouldaet pannit 1 messan-S«>Mi af medical skill werethe laborious respiration and On the return trip of the excursloniste through the tery, to be occupied by the producers and dealer* as cost of the improvcmante would fall far abort of to* and by whom she ha* been treated wltt maternal se-to bomaacaaeeoi^day. AboatelereaiatheBMHilagDr. Cbais inived, ttti peteetvlag tte extreme danger of tteeaie, icqimted that two constilting physicians ikaald be laiaiadli'.ely seat far. The utmost ezer-diowed how" we are Indeed one brotherhood."dUyWehidIbr UrfhiallrnntU theman near whose me,"child should be ta- permittedtt-«M »*• Omma» •'eityf—thte prwoiitlaa li open tone reaaonabledtecaiitMr. PASxia Writes from Roma that Blown sbonld or objection. Wo other oie to which thi**potconld be tauce, bivalvlns, a* we anand Te«f€ir«-nni^ wtAtk* C«><lllrai af BItot WaMn UBC, of Boston,who gives us a very accurate report of tloa of Croup.Sopreme Coart ef this Stale, a oaaa «f aaa littafiq ^ be canonized. Veryremirkabteit is thatthese appliedwouldprodoeeatitheoftheefTcet;anda*tbe wholeoftteeomplleatedquatfloaietttMJ %JTtiui .meeri.'SMplitherlteItantatiML iar« diMu* tlut niut !!>< b«a> kaown iklkawdMb iMfara the dvs of AuTAU8,ueml-ifj^riei*»'«f 4kM IMU dMcriptkm'ITylrtii ii_Imb*,"!* Mne(It""««• OM paanllertiT of wUeh Is tb« (anutlan ofof the upon tMs subject that has ever graced the pages of medical Ut-of tUi n»Ud 7- ftomtb«GreekwordaManLag amem-an accurate observer, and a successful practitioner.number of ttepnanttMK > eaawWniM. mluM^who had It were observed to droop datyhse before they were confined. Upon eiamlolngthroat the tonsils appeared swelled and slightly flamed, with a few white specks upon them, which in some Increased so as to cover them all over with oneDuring this respiration you have time to run your eye over the exposed surface. Then, as the air la ex- pelled from the lungs, (sUll holding the spatula upon tongue,) the posterior surface of the tonsils will be thrown forwards, thus several times exposing a patoh of membrane that would otherwise have entire-OHIO.proIfnit reftehrenCciety.to the third " tte aban- propoeiUoii—donment of the Battery a* a repntable place of pabllc reaart"-It is very safe to state that, of the better class of our population, not one in fifty has Tliltedtfhaaotrlhtyenbcye that cannot bemosrotlgdaogne takede(cnraeebltafe taoa^dtilt foim of eronp, the membrane ez- down da twchea into the longs—a form of;that I do not too far tax and your patienceor Pellicnlai In-But It was reserved for the brain of Dr. »Airesianite, from Dr. BAan down to the presen'. day, is thathas not the power of extending upwards," to meet their with one thing" to sees on the dog* of war," and quite an- therein to be prepared location andprmoo^reetebeaefi-other to face the music," with the cool, determined others more suitab!- to the^ K* Buionaiv to > di*-The manner In which I examine the throat is depressing the tongue with a spatula, or the handle ofto flie aotlee of the Aead- itefdtdMMMlaelAlttl. 80 «h>t tbU newThePiqaa and Indiana Railread, te only the aSrerof *ome tea or a dozen other roads In tu* State, aad tte"»ttin\k*IMll «f itufulkdrvwrlea," iMOkriStMB kndrad ^Mdrt liBee, naned ami iUVmyimtmhmm cuefaUy Bortured byWtaUm (Inee tlut data.la tkle new name, DipkAtna,Athemselves upoa tha notloe of the unfortonato sab- Evea as a parade-ground It baa lo*t Ite valtm, being ability ia tte eaie, it may be enected that all th^ia'acceptthepromptandgeneronstenderoftheNew- atseriionand thte appreciation alone, IndependaatI will refer to anpbyitelanappliedeyesdeeplyof the Continen-Mr. Thatzb. that thevisit Pennsylvania, and to read tberean pahae, or layevan of life were aalfestly yieldiag to the force•(the which ww from trachea, bronchia,and people welcomed the strangers at the d^pot, and the whole route to the Grand Opera House was a won-ef tta tears, to vrtdsh tha littlechild,fromsympatoy,freelyjoined. Whenthe final orJcrnf the Court was made, little Ella was seized by her friends and covered with kisses, anddtsarder.ffpq^klaf,, painfultte beglBnlng, ttn^tat* ajknart iiapnetioable ; reipira-tomaticdisease—lonfirmed In his opinion byDr.am aad nore eontracted and ttlilag the fljl fosiii n lon of his IntaUect. he expiredlUa beeanacfaet,aata l)JioMl9ek oa Saturday night, when, re-which Mr. Coaa explained In an official letterVlttOBt a struggle. In this country it isuniversallyand the best people—axntld ht toArrRAT ASD MtjiDiE iH Chicaoo.—The CUea^ Journal reporte a fatal affray which geeaneit iK>aehaawledged that Gen. WAsainoroa died of oedsma•f tte glulUs, a disease that has only been recognizedvlttiB the last twenty years—0^ which any physl-as the hotel keepers, the boarding-house keepers, res-andthares in tke Company, 1 have not sent-alaa, who MajMI^ laea, must readily recognize inbut about it, any Information the1'By tbe leport of the BnpeibitandeBt of the Bamt Ciaalfltrl«iO,Uai9canttat tta Mia tetaf thatte above weU marked thewhich had been tbe surface can doubt that a glorious good haa beencan k» aiked. Something more is due to a spirit be found almost, if not quite, as eoavenient as of Company being organized, we do not want money, but accosted Mr. Shzsexb, and mitde loam Jnanltlai re-daaNl^ttaaiaqieelaUy bykeU,using the term Bymptom:itlc croup, evidently refers that of the any thea and a ease of strletaie ta the aaaae part ; cough,dU&eaItrath«rihaa a painful deglatitton.' If furtherthe of «««nlty than tlie mere letter law. Way tbe locations. And as a very great majority we want the evidence (forpublic)that have youmarks into alady wltt whom that ceBnemaa Smanr lapidMd him, and tta^pefoelriBt that MrTlIoAiairUb flan tba•vMeaee of the dtieaaaii tta eaitlfleata, ai {Bllowi'','o»ewe have it In r*trtoradnot,for Instenee, our Southern frieada be al-lowedto the North ?decided to cooperate As you are shortlygreat enterprtee.people may subscribe for some was very machTWetotallacsofvoiceIsawhich marks his whole treatment of the sabjeet Not and slave.down town, than any of the present establiahmente1-youinthemanIwa*Vatttamte.P'~f""' " **•whilst for the ladtes,3S!!r,2J^*.^dlphtherUDeabtlecs the managersfeans— dwtft^«ou^c»j^HaM^^^^,have been confounded, wtdle tha gradations of thefor so sameaffectionhaveoftenbeenmistaken manydlferent diseases. 80 far firom eaterlng into these disttnctioBS, and In***"*! anon the dUTaienoe ef the iBflaaunatorreoiuUtlanaaf theamooiutlinie, I nn-ef fietiu thatthaeaorbotlBfancraaeof the mama, eroop, Md;ef the nsmraai elu***I ^ho- proctratad »|.4«M"y "aoa or hisfaJMM'Jii>»' 1n>BM>*<dforIha «m,fromwblehtadnwoarowacoaslnslons. Bat natlilBgofaaU-eeastitutodiiiimmllSloeueithto" llpi^ft^yg"* '^"'•^••fthe papers rakieqaently written,bor-s vant,ass,Kaam rnr City,wanting, :to Uke their sorvante with them on their vleiuof the omnibuses now rua direct to this and as point,andtomanymerchanUdoingbualnem seenthaiaUterightandsaferesidenU, eansubscribetothhi Com-managersIlottU, whereas we do not find Itof a new disease,That the result of bis labors tends to prove thatundergroundIn our tte amooat of (having a voice dellbenttonsOblorw la the between the «nrehead,iUractly.u>^*»^"«« died prokably leiicMlUlowingday. Mr.KoAmnwaiaaold Chicago and very wealtty.Hoir TO Cv* TRs TmsmtaxnUaymiwortt(R.T.)tfter U»«^ "»">. oresenuI hope yonwilleoatlhae,yearirriyalhare,by thanks to^rwr-i^^.i%m*imfi itfliMttvPi wMMhi* goodbis masor aaythtag ttat lsw< his. We'ahoaM tha^tt^i^****Ti to pranraa aowmtItravotor wko veatana:and the P»»"l«a;«r^pg"i^^f'•we have a richbilaiai flM»tlh«rMa te.dete thi bnoUTbluflSS^S*•IWKMimrpMMiiofIt wtu yet.wvMfc\hrequiremach earefhlanalysis^intme lefcima an asniinailly of slew growth.eo&'betooBghttttaaapi«tedi!3?»«->> rihga^lnAk <• 1.t«<»H>^in vain. The idiopathicand sjrsQptomatlc croup;poses.placed somewhere In the lower part of the CityThe Companydlseas.^'JZ us adUeaaa,an enermenc adlflea,«»M ofly reUsved^"^^SJSV^" aama to be of "» "IW-po*ribte, T do all thitte lathat tte tel h wire*egiv hare baa Mt atlito aaa*iraper-toevery street. " Fourth," the Broadway, was as Blr- heir wante, without in tha slightest degree Interfering Gen. RtTBzaroaD. If you will inspire confidence in the parties left the Coiut to a high stete of excite^morftJH,iti prorasa andboth eaM andttzunLpraetieal nperleaoe,puthiect where;railroad."thegauntletoftheundergroundpurchases.<mand it have in view. I trastyoa are prepared to make angot mand went out of tte saloon."BjlU, of this City, to produce onediseasebut rapidly extends downwards, in ihe direction thatthe three youngest had not the stlT%|tn— saaaraUy confined to the upper cers behind their ears, discharging a very sharp Ichor,structure having a width of eighty feet, affording ttells, com-that Is^Inoatcertainly fataL Whereas, the-areof theungainly chopping-bloeksyart of tke tHM^lkVolirtng the tonsils ;•at tka d^lia«riile deposit, and when It does appear,treated at ite onset, the dangerx are not much greater than in an epidemic of measles, andfeet in the clear, with a passage way:aatonp»ow<i<l«l—iliisll>ai, which may be applied talkaniliiUk«aHtsaf tiie Dtptherttic or Bgyptlanprofitably,country upon another,ttat.I sb<wd have done wlaslTJa,„^ tkataadent aama; but Ibq^I bemostt-'^'rath siaraeiili^WMad te ftrtre of <*talnlng, by a spadfa awM,.! » tjeforpublici%3ai4lia4'tiA* of the disease commencing upon the liitfi.allli aH ite attoidlng lyaiptams as it advancesmooted;simply, because many of the vehicle*- whichFrom an able andcle ia ite tesue of tte 9tt Inst, we make thefoUowiaf,thing, bothappearance,interchangebut,events,of the Island. tbe te not far distant Lcoisliai,i{wl^ttawaaiccnracy the Croapal solfo- of tha-^rlav patiaat. lUi treatiaant of thaand resembled more tkan any-here- improvemcnteside of the town, would then continue down the ave-nues on the east tide of the City, directly to thebeiairBiAid bf tte sane ability as his de-ounelvesfrem the constitntioaal partyinAKva adte to the deiertption of AiaiJttra a com- maatary, and aoaw particulars, which leave no dotib ttat ha bad saia the same disease two or three ceatuwealth,ers, which an so great a convenience to the London- er. But, In addluon to these polnu, as this market, to accommodate the country peoilc, ihouid be opcn- ed for their reception at midnight, most of the h*avvtrtaca, fronrwliiob anmerons tranilatlwis have been imhitihiiil. prtamttag evidence enough to prove tha we ksne not a new diieaM to idd to the thousands -vltt which the kaaaoi &BUy now suITer, but an old Oiaaaa aadar a aaw aaaa.putrid kind seldom occur ,so constantly attended withduced to wait that I judge of the known as the " might personallywhich, as we from gatherby noon the transactions of the day would be finished, and thewholc structore cleaned and thoroughly irash- ed out.But, while 1 am usable to discover tte dliadvin-senaeless diatribes of Senator Davis, of WWisilppI,usually wlth-ifas tomiraculoussimply properly-cladeoaiprehensive papersTo aay that tbe era ioa of aplendiaIndiana Railroad CoomanrofAn hui^dry into tkt Naturt, Cau.t and Cure ^tk, An- folly looked for.This in 1771, under the title publicationappearedor Sorc-,kro<U Dulemprr. He says this disease was confined to chUdrensils, where it will escape yourunless care-attorneys In the SteteYork Legislature. It Is quite possible there may b* of every other conslderatton of a favorabte eharai> one of Ite aspects. amongWIS often suddenly increared to so great a degree as ation of the u iood ai a. to threaten Immediate suifooatlaa. Ia general, how- loins.far been ahamefdUynied, aadih)' atenitatettabaah-ever, it came on later. Increasing more gradually,awhich, whilst they presentto ttietax-payerandpo-night, when it te oompleteiy abandoned to the vllect asee efAmerletum la Italy—Bad Pletarea IbT <h« AmerieaaMarket.The Florence correspondent of the Boet(»attended with a very great and sudden prostration ofcan pocdbly pa** throagb any portlen of it,Tr"anscript writesand a0f tta Old and New World, bat with Tarylnc peculiar change in the tone of the voice. After de- tage tiian any other feature in the investlgatloo. WeFlorence te busy thte week wltt de paiaigtai «atne«afB«<aKt7.onlybut erect on it such a atnu^ure as I contom- platef and the requlremente of the City demand, aadfrom Leghorn, having left this city in the awrBlaf en their way to toe South. They bad a^bdatarOBSaaat iapeitaat point to determine la, whether"These symptoms continueforone,two or threetic, the same distinction beingretainedbyDr. Wat-Institution which should be self-sustaining, or ceasenight on the Mediterranean we hearthe beat beii^strength, a very remarkably hollow, dry cough,seems lohave looked upon croup as Idiopathic and, symptoma-scribing the febrile symptoms, he says:;much more comatose when sence yet,;diseaseafftetions of the throat and when spoken to. The difficulty of breathing lo ages and the primary bronchiInflammatlOD,Is only necessary toSAMittfyMtaiMViac to the saaseclass of diseases,nowbecamethis Is is more understood than ex- Why so, easilyof of the well-known anyItnish the detaiU of the plan, which I have matured laIs a oneinhardly pleasant theseperUenstlmei Mr.IT'S* lMtT« <A ebolen, or of yellow fever, Tl'fgfcHl"^R. C. Waiaior is here —based on a expectedpatientr, the nert Intermittent or bilious-remittent, and of the fifth or sixth dayhours f'om the time the ofbreathingfirstcameon. Outofsixteen;•y be fonnd assomlng the fatal stamp of typhus In tbettroat we have the slight Inflammation,thirty-sixdifficulty cases at-mechanical relief which, when renderedin de- time,at a dtetance fifty ^lart, connected by mean* of seven wings, not to azeeed fifty feet In width, which would afford six open eovirt-Her untiring industry as a stodent of mosto haa been rewarded,asindustryalwaysis,withsaceea*.tMdaia tx^ifiApt^c of quinsy sore throatjoathecreased «o as to be frequently almost entirelyplained reasonsforIt IsHrfaaagcsiSimereBke the different degrees of fever'«U^ one ymtt appears as a mild form of continaed cation. Tills commonly happened before the end anatomical positionand un-they differ in gravity. Croup is less some specific cause arises far action on the part on that portion knovm as the enlargement," two her public (Ubiit in Italy therefore next week.: tuucted and thethe Florence Philharmonic Concert. SheThe disease appeared to me of an infectious nature."In bis treatment be avoided blood-letting, and ad- vises the tree use of calomel.Battery,"and though I have witnessed many tradition, and the reminiscences of the oldest inhab-mm te a sound national elemeat predominating at tbe Soutt, pointing directly to STzrazx A. DocaLts aa tteerysipelatous symptoms.effectsstrange scenes on this, as wellClat, of Alabama, and Gainr, of MimoBrl,only candidate who can carry the Deaocratio Partysome of the time thetaken but six of calomel before it came more confident in grainsslaea irtileb time it has almost constantly of the true brotherhood here, made it theProp.rendered doubly acceptable to the phy- greetingabovB ttMtf In some part of the world. It appeared sician practicing in New-York, as a wonderfully more impressive.te%aia, ladibr forty years continued In different fMliaf thejMainsala i also, in Italy, and about the of the last century similar epidemics, less aad leas prolonged, but more multiplied have their anwaraaoa IB England, France, Swedenaad tteCaltMi Rates.Tha dtaeaae in Spain has received the name of Ga-ivtnio, beeaaae ttose whe were attacked by it perish ed as if they had been strangled by a cord.details I need not troublethe removal of tbe inhabltante from thatof mush de-ness purposes.Importance;or busi-With theIndicating tliat we need not dread its appearance as a complish great results.quiry:University, conveyingappears, and,and was silent, though abundantly developed, in the nose."discord and disunion North and South, will find their occupation gone. We have lived as neighbors, said aof deeds of violence and prostitution.In view, therefore, of these facte, which may besummed up as followsFirit—The absolute and constantly increasing d»Furthennore, I trust before we finish to bring evi- dence enongh to prove that modem writers have used' almost word for word, the language of their prede- eessors in describing a disease, wbtsh as time ad-noble Kenlucklan, after.andby:municipalof our citizens ef an agrceabl* and mnck-Beedcd pub- lic resort and promeaade.the necessaries of life—tteother friends of the College, have moved me deeply, and have Impressed upon me a new sense of the r»» sponslbillty under which my decision must be made.quencebeen violated. whelmed wl'h dismayJudgeIn mine of0«affardsjd t«,.tm.ai. The aaBi, tSa^.thereofmanaged,obiiae me. *country—Iand the several Bel- Judges commenced, oppoclte Belgian vent Ingianare now Informed of tbe fact. This Com- officiallypany is based upon the principle of reciprocity,and surface of the lungs whereitistheconsequenceofotherpreviousfor and others, resident on the upper part of tbe derful spectacle. Banners, flags, wreaths, tbe sboute island, a number of smaller cstebllskmente could be of men and the smiles of women greeted them on conveniently located, quite capable of supplytog allMinister in Washington,Consuls In the towns and cities of the South, caee, their feelings foundoccurred in asevere attack of quinsy sore throat,heunderexistingeyaa »ad noea. McAbUr faU to tta «»pi. lotgbe^l^-iJSrfcfein^ mimm ^ftfthMP^^^- J:! .-- >; —. 'i;^-"'and was not conitaat.patleiit breathed as if the air were drawn throughtoo aairow pasnge. This stage of the disease was ture recognize as tnu crou p, begins in the wind-pipe,Dmtngto bothand touch—whereas the disease that we shall In fu-the most degraded and Uwlesi of oar At City.ob- died apparently from suffo-interesU,interferingthat the disease from on, and presenting no Indication of salivdtion from which we suffer Is more amenable to treatment thanhavingthis year; inasmuch as, last its effects. One of the first families In which it ap- the affections of the throat lastwhich he ha* been, in a meanire, deprived for years, paintings,and " a consummation most to be land, so atrocious in color and] drawlag ttat I eehe had seven whom were taken Hi one after another,year.his clothes.wished." 'Thesebuildings ata half stories high—the lower story constituting InwasthatofWilliamWinDiii.pearedchildren, all ofthree of them dyingdifficulty of breathing, but had very troublesome ul-and everything on board be saved except thapto-tures. There was a tte as in- sybil among treasores,toxicated a looking damsel as paint coold maka her. But the frame was gorgeous.;so as to erode the neighboring parts, and in a few daysof the ear and downpart manybecame alarming while the discharge continued." This remark of Dr. BAan certainly presents onewhich where art neglected to produce it, was accomplishedby nature :Though this disease may appear as an epidemic, and carcasec and bloodyUThe gene ef Kalta aad thechildren hail ulciirsTkan polnta .coalescing in the manner so well affected with the difficulty of breathing, but it never The exciting cause is yet unknown, as It appears in sodmiltieii by those who hare been most sc-aarata ta QtiBr description of the disease,B flMB reacB^ Mieeanbs to the treatment, and I strong argumentInconvenientlystairway,that none thirty or forty feet in breadth, located at each end of Soon after entering the East Room, tbe Prestdenttmn ao hesitation in declaring that the mortality^<m nm»mt.li tha flaoat has not sufleied a markedkaaaaa kr tU> Wlatar's epideml*.suggest the propriety of keeping thera out of the room where other children or adults are suffering from eore throat. If attended with much inflammationPresident made the following reply to Mr. Caanaladdress" GiKTLiBxa or ma CoirvxirnoH or tbx Sea* atiM« MHeachcould be grouped in such a manner as to enable tm from every section of the Union. I do aoi kaavin favor of counter irritation;rior. It is usually confined to children, and I would same twice without the aid of a pointreaching guide.as aaishins it with a prolusion of seate, gas-lamps and fountains, rendeiing It? during tbe Sunner evenings, one of the most beautiful andpUces of the whole City."with sloughs, resembling those of the tonsus. InagreeableIcunglng-::These ulcers appeared covered.In someplaces,MaltaI feel for the honor yoa deeply gratefuland suc-symp- BAin.who frequeatly;;thiseanrage o( Biowii. The latter may claim the homage of our respect for his undoubted courage, howeverintere-*- 0' all concerned. clal to the ascalp, and attack theginning of diphtheria readily exposedeighta theme for bitter re- UtlcalecoBomlst neverfalUagfleetloB aad feeling regret, stand as filthy monumeats of Municipal malfeasance and Infamous jobbery.In no ether City in the world would property, werth at least two miUions of dollars, be permitted to re-anywhere It can neither be seen nor reached.pwriotpheoruty, the one or endangering the ether. aboeklng:This pointpresentUnder *nch circumstance* it woold be folly to urgesometimes ascends into the larynx. They differoriginal plot of the Battery, It Is practicable to etset "tended with this remarkableof the suffocation]—the other two at about course, are more prompt and confident in pursuing named after threebreathingthe eighth. In one of those who recoveredFortified this bypastIt Is amusing to see the vessel-leads of bad pietarae badly copied, are forloualy popolar. If P**"*"^ «producedthe Atlantic, never have anyI have made these numerous extracts from the pa- this, as a great socialafter tH d^r* of Aaaian ontil the liztMnth read them without acknowledging their value and at Washington, and the cordial, hearty and manly families, whose habitetions were mostly located In followsIhe Uatondf fhls afleetiOB preseats no special In-Dro({uceraIts Immediate vicinity. 1. The profitable employment of property onceBut, by the muUdons of trade aad commerce, and valuable, but now uselessgraph has alreadynotgone a mostonlybalefulin oneWhy,and better market accommodations. 5econ^—Tha continued and alarming declination inadvantage* healthy competition for;;prives cynanche-laryngea of its dangerous character.will remain, and the evil will continue to exist.the writer has beennoses would, even now, turn up with disgust were out, necenarlly, or coming at all in contact with theHopingthe columns of your valnable journal, I will with a few coaoments end this article.Policemen,in theseofareamongproperlykafetf caafiaaA-tD l£» tonsils and parts adjacent. behind their ears, and some of them seemed slightly certainly not more so than in one of scarlet fever. pass through unscathed in person or apparel. And en.spreading upon thethe centre of at least—a luxury heretofore unknown to the Knickeriiock-all over the back neck. After this,On the of the Son* of MaHs, Friday delegaus;clearlying everybody's affair. Is nobody's businessWithoutto any extent, if at all, vrith thenotice,are te th<some further action yet. £nough has been shown, ter, ibould be sufficient ground for entertalaing and Kznoa, RaaasT and TananAa, fbtmedy of&fore lemarked, that the heart of this great people It private intereste are greatly to be benefited, tte amount ooz, OonnAas^ttomey. General WoLoon, aad am-and thedawn of more and Im- to be derived from the increase to such an extent ef hapeotters. Oneof tbe potote held In oppeHtlaiita il~iij^MmaJKopihtnmeoumtMbnaeoftlie sonshad^mptomsverysimilartoit. Mostofthose breath,whichwillexposealmostIkewholepharjnx. p^ruiglhste,swillrestoretouatherkeilnadtliyonsafgfeonremreorudsays. taxablepropertymtutniOMsarilyredoundtothe theclaimofttebondholdenis,thattheretoaem^that in(bMDM ^pOB tb* eztexuU foifaec of the under 10 years of age, thoughgma Sutrccatmc,byhowever, to satisfy the most casual observer, as tw- consummating thte idea; Tor, apart from the fact that ?r?"!,5?-"??l"'.^..¥*'*"-_SiAiiKiaaT,generalsome few S'own per- amore advan- practicalturee f*r aet unremuaeratlve, but actaallT drawing its claims as a public promenade or an enjoyable re- Rome. Twenty Americans set sail liMtSetordaytkmtutilllilisiuiiiiril•xaetlytbesunedlsetiee,ordays.BythattimeitwasusualforthemtobegreatBon,ofLondon,inhispractice,whosayt:"Thees-toexist. yaonudmwoilrletathaonnictepriestionreebeiatuttoyi.teformerusefnlne**crowdedtheirdiscomfortwasinteaai.Nooaieaiasly Increased In such as died, and the patientsaf-To eusuln thte position.;fur. just now to travel by land from Stenna, 11 the roadis violentwas at Iti worst, they retained fecting the mucous membrane of tbatportionof the airof thiscomplaint mAwellmarkedastobereai- theirsenses,andwouldgive distinctanswers passageswhichliesbetweenthelaryngealcartil-forthen, again,marshy as well as elevated regions, in cities and In and sofrom various Stetes in tte Union, who have been Incountry villages, on the seaboard and far in the Inte-building,Ail ef employed public jiromenadewhich, to the quiet ciUzea, or the timid of either sex,causa a to the " to be visit, Washington" especially,advanUgeensly appeared, pxeeented byaad resort, by fur- CAXTia, a delegate from Cincinnati, Ohio. Theas on the other side ofitant, was, in the earlier days of our civic existence,or all of themand was muchasa Public Park andof this project, I find myself at no lorn in esti- mating the many beneficial resulte to inure both toby voluntarycent from the City Treasury. At least twenty tlious- absolutelargest purchaserspossibility ;equaledspectacle. Perhaps Promenade, andteges..,_isloaofanfautltotloaaeUabletoabase,bat pnCtto(haIheTreanry,anudtefultothedealaia.aad0^^ cnKxacttaMiorBAOMM*noBTftAOBflr« Buttoi^tnmtothahlstotyofoarsohjeot,whichwe vividlytohismindthatheat'oacerecofaiaeathe enoughathometoenlistonrentiresympatlile*. AiarcDWdrtortheMeoodoftheseevil*eemidaiaed TheGolomboe(O.)m»tt*\\i;Babel^awiattemptatansOeaeiona ettailoftraatasat-harlag gralitndetothemanwhohaeg(iT«»abeen aaade to anost tha psugi ees of ker disease." Hon of which at onee hrlog* all (he symptom* sothis is a natter Ich- wliieii tiMy are solely aoeooataUa, urecable to paWc: the Battery te the God kaowa we of the North and the West have quite maeUeable point aJbttle for Ite locattonlleftJaM<«tki fgtBtafBaklBf ita appaaruee Uthe frighttnl malady with which be haa to contend. So with UaUed total. Diphtheria: it marks a disease which, early recog- The Irat penoa who published a description of the nised, may be managed, if attacked before reaching diaeaieas it appeared in this cotmtry was Dr. Douo- the vantage ground that adds to It the fatal eompUoa.elevated 10 tbe same dlszy height. Discretion, as ready directed to It, for other and paicly personal roads of this Stete, to secure tiiean epidemie which visited that city in the year ITM. One of the strongest pointe, upon which all authors with FaUiaff,is the better part of their valor. It Is motives, it bAoovei the property-b<ddors interested lusonnte of thefr fint and subseqoeat atarimost accurate andt)MM«ond ceatiUT, «ko (sve U* erature, characterlxlng him as a learned physician, begins In the fauces, you will often find It upon the every man who has tha least regard for the just ery foot of real ectete in ite immediate vleinlty, o( at case, the first of which -was made on W«dH»''the gravitation of the discbarge wlU lead it. membrane covering the posterior surface of the ton-the former deserve the execration ofin this locaUty wo-least tmnirjiot per cent, of ite prensoerntaanproal^rat, 1* venturing neither a hazardous Improbable1day ' and moaryninngo.t. TAhese argumente ra«'r c"loseIf itmliguideoclaims of Stete brotherhoods.There was a most earnest desire from all parties to.and moralper of Dr. Bab» with a full conviction that no one can the contrast between the wrangling representatives and extra-ordinary occasions by the citizens and their and dealers—a few of which may be summed up asUie Presidential contest on whtok wa entered^HnirnNGTOir ahd Hastaxd CoiLaoi.— The following letter from Prof. F. D. HevrnmeB has been addressed to Hon. Gxo. S. Bonrwiu, ChalimaBof a Committee appointed by tbe Board of Specialthe tele- made them familiar to every ham-you,—ease that has ever appeared in our CitJ—certainly let of the land. Their influence cannot fail to ac- preciated in value, but the Battery-, also, has under- two others.clear exposition of the observation, practicecess in the treatment of the only epidemk of this dis-quarterIn convarsatloo with thechange:once the thegainimprovemcnte, dec; $300,000awhich I have hadwe will live so here-nuisance—andthe reitorationtoaportloa weightyrepresentationsamong their investigation having rendered it more easy to store (the Alleghanles) can comprehend the great a respecteble place of public resort; I would respect- toe producer. ^. ,. . .vances has not Increased In severityand has be-with these Congressional corruptions fthe value of down-town prope rty;more toan offer this acknowledgment, and give this^Kf all daellte to hare died of Diphtheria, a mis-tthaIeaaaotbetterdisprovethanbyreadinganex- comemoresubjecttoourcontrollingpower,from aWesternman,fornooneontheotherpoints.inee_te,l_y «^«jjT,a,„oN.kwt fkem dM eertifleate, signed by his family physl- alaa. Dr. Caaiz, and Dr. Dick, who attended in con-"trtlt*" during his last illness.IMh af Deea^wT, while attending to some improve- mimU on Ul fitata, be was exposed to a light rain, >j ahhili Miaafk inrt bilrhrrimr nrit In the night hawamlxeAirithantBlaBunatory affaetioB of theobedientAnxs TO Mas. Buus.-The Phnadijphto J^tttikwe labor under ofthe absolute necessity of some change, and that sittingOn Friday, tharecognize.From 1771 we pass into the nineteenth century.Dr. DAVin HoaACX, of New-York, In bis valuable It ourselves.as we are now—gracefully encumbered by the three down-town mar-With others which time and circumstences manywritten in 1811, refers to this par- ticular type of disease. He was called In consultation to see a eaee similar to those degcrlked by Or. Baso,been cited to convince any person eoavcrsaat wlttpaper upon Croup,varied and we are sure to do It. Intereste,of "Oar yesterday saya:trachea, producinghoarse hollow cough which characterizes idiopathic; but, as iaamount which **««tU be received for the propertynow occupied for tte nme puipose. TRICLINARCHE8.The Heathen Direct Trade Horeraent. fViiin the Macon iGiorgia) Telegraph,the fol- lowing extract of a letter, which has been receivedIn otter words, the Saarainethe first three manifested any symptoms denoting croupcroup. Duringthe eaaes recorded bydays BASn, theyof the West,—how were theironly olvectlonDr. the Inflapimatlenwere* down town," To which I wouldinducedbysecretion extendingThus this accurate observer of disease at once recog-"and Judge Davizs,case in New-Vork, consented,anditsmakes the first dlstlaction between itIdiopathic where the disease is primarily and exclusively seated in thetheir distance frsm but be- any given point, simplyaud cobb.1860. to institute direct trade with yourandinand croup, dividing that disease into two species,:alzes this affectionpathotogy,conse-mt-Raan was s tta- peaking,Ella aeji asai';threethe child had notThe sole anddo not understand the subject,that can or vrUl beand acrid subsequentlow reply,whoheardandfrom the tonsils into the trachea."Forwhom, prayt" TheMb. EditobWill you pubUsh pleaseYork;onMaprobablywillbe,•'•«*• decidedaadestinies of this Valley.How few of us, continued another, comprehendfully offer the following suggestion as a remedy for the three evil*.S. The abolition of a long-standing reproach against tte fafr funs and good taste of cur mefropolis.Nettedroads, interchanges like the present will enable us totogetherbyrail-grasp ItsMany remarks were passed of the same Im-the present evilsdisadvantagesAmsrieen mBntrtate CtmttfThese were noted down at the Urn* asof the Great Miami, a of the moit won- region"that it 1* tooInquiringly present badly located market-stands" are not objected to on account oflicitade and affection.Court of Pennsylvaniadeliberate decision of a Judge of the Supreinevalleyderful fertility and beauty,—the garden spot, as theyWholesale Market House."and cars greeted during that passage of sixty miles! Everywheie the people were out in manes—it was athe chUdtettt care of Mrs. Bcejis, under the guardiaaimp of Mr,call itgeneral holiday.eyesGod bless them," said a gentle-he felthere,of New-York. That cTeoisIon gaveTaAvia, one of toe most reputable clUzea* «allthisAnd then the grand r«ception at Cincinnati.from M. JruiK Dscqi-et, Secretorytal and Southern Direct Trade Association,Even your metropoll* never did anything up in better style. All was effected subicrlptlon—not ailly con- structed, and too murh divided for all necessary pur-priv.ilc families, underrestrictions which haveHe must be side ofdealers therein at present beinghe haddisease as the eequela of cyaancha ma- nam wood to Dunsinane from every window stream- with the project in question, which is intended, almost tbe people here, that the people"That, since his Essay In 1771, observed thisligna."A fact which attracted my attenUon this Winter,—ed the stars and stripes, and patriotic mottoes were exclusively, to meet the requlremente of such dealers riously desire to sustainof the South se-this must movement, youmeat. The fatter ef Ella wa« not present"boy'paia In tta Vffet Catt fore part of the throat; a attended with abscesses In both tonsils. HosACX, in effected. The Wcet will grant In a generoua apUit all and Bteten Island, for all of whom the Battery will Belgian LIengaBtriuosnsels, may be required to give. Oar hour Mr. McAcLzr entered tbe hail,ingBUL'fet. in Washington, or the American the benefit of toe CathoUs Aiylnm. .Aia^an-teta-which we name of diphtheria.regard dancing.now recognize under promul-diphtherite,•J^^hBmightbepiroittedtodiewithoutla- uswiththathonesttruthfulness careofthemselvei,doeiequalwrongtobothmaster t, thismemoirpresentspresentto the diseaseAt last we have reached the first memoi''with us to tbteto be in Brussels, I suggest this towasMr. of the ballIt ia also in contemplationJ"TM" •e^'adentood, he suooeoded In expressing a read before the Aeademy in 1821. The beginning of knowing as he must that they are totally anfit to take more aeccsslbls to a large portion of the up-town win be paid whea you come here, and shall we was in tte St. Cb»le» oloon, kept by Kt. H. CoBW.hoen befcre Wr death, after repeated ef-gated By U. BasTonsxAu, nas>l«s 't;tbat they haU. On tte auaseeding algbt (TuSday) Mr. aaamx havewell marked symptmn striving to startle and astonish us with the discoveryrecordintheRoeheeterandThen there IsDetroitweekly "venture, dilllenltles, for tke purpose of makingThe man who tampers with them,youyourlatailcated, «ivp«i|~<aof the pasceagers by theble biit to be member,saysJ^^ri^T^Ttw^^';'^?^' premonitory symptoms many Inflamnatory leiiotis of the raaoous tissues concepUou they are doing Go* service. First seduc- conveniences that would at once rob the operation of by a deefre to achieve eneeeis la the great object wa he retained, and a* he came to SaaIunnatejrm—*" ""• "^ e^* ofhave someing the helptess slave from his sUeglanee, running marketiag of all ite terrors aad discomforte:paperssubscription it /oar AimA-ed doUan, You will remem-dertake at prewnt to pcoTO, l^tfae testtnxaymalignant angina, aie one aad tha same form af man who would fall that It was a**ean asphlegmasia."-mar-to mark tha aietai aad the ^^eady then neawv>ol>te waU BMked»- Thi valuable laadanrks to galM b|il>WttaaI'S^ iihantMt. avetyphysiciw nwtteel adebtaC«i?SSKf.S^Untitled DocumentIQleedistiaettonbatwaaathiFieeioBaof aNatare never intended for them, and where we havethrow them upon thecbaritteeregionmost ndaerable ofasd myself to Oea. Rthad ocular evidence they are tte theirrace. Thisshouldbedlseooatanaacisdby everyof all -that traatDlre* oa yn«r aide, tonehlngWtg^ps^-^l^ Km*,, of tta JMk Hit,' *l»asuspectedpaasingSghttifely otrenlatedinMaaf hi* Taakae BfOtlaaiMkem deeka to noteBM.ahlUna of Diael ware KngM an aattrenam--^Heaaate •17JIL Wj tta ijMiii «ar»ilaattjg •«T!S«,"r"HLK'rnJh"i5a:rebtVato«U,h«L!«!«.'?ll^S?am2i' S*hir^et-aTtbSe be eea-aeatleaiimie dan the oaa^MiiMM aa-vafariec,fwhiimi eaaU ae «•- BSrirStoto«l««5aa*gjga If a hf^Oif^mm-wist aad crime are theiceoid of tbeef—"the abMeamat la raloe of the carroandlogpRip.«Thaia Is now ondar ee—MwaHoa, bafR* 'Misery, Press.modern Quixotes should forego tbe pleasure of being anbaUowedeye of tbe prtrato *Healater ha* been al- theexeeuthmef the mortgagee br t>« vidorta no-ory and unhealthycondition ef thepresent stmctiirec,ne**, for all legitlmato paipo***, the during;for several of tte chartertoin-MVNICIPAI< RKFORM. Project of a Wholeeale Mariiet-Beaae.closure.bankraptbut these, although a frequent symp-tom, did not invariably attend the disease. These ly escaped my notice.symptoms, in some, ccotlnuad for live or six days If it appears as sores behind the eara, it extendsUaba- whose ever-recurring necessities compel a dally entirely too dietant and too inconvenient for nine- iait,inalliteaipeeto,wlll be BTevfhtomfhllr. Bgeneral slongh;jeet,<bouId be eo alarmed br withoat alarming their friends. In others, a dlflJcnlty down the back, as described by Basd, and in IB33 by visit to the hovels termed, by coartesy, " The mar- twelve menfhs It baa been fact, during the te to be booed that ewaetbiaytt* Etifr^ Hu Mnt-Tm* TimmAmong the unpleasant facti which daily thrustmain,money from the treasury for the maintenance of an sorttwelveJItsecfoneInafewdays,withoutendangering sevendied—fiveofthembeforethefifthday—Ire- Withthisilewnameweareteughtmoredistinctlyto forced,bybustnessitoresort,diumally,tothese aidsoftwohundredandfiftyfeetinlengthaadone ontheirwaytoAmerica.Veryoldiiiiiliiri,irenrsuffocation inIk* Ufc of the patient. Itmay rent Its wrath upon the member, not of the dlfease, but the fifth day recognize the difference between the twoDuringtheyetts;of Dr. Wanoit. I am stiUfowl, distinguished defuncte,;theuniversal ofallcivic myownmindand, of of flesh and d^pdu fish,soJ undred feet in wldth,conveniently arranged as standsbut.Independentthte vreek. Miss twentyyears.experience, CHAPtfAN.whosefinevoiceBoetonianswillremesa-thelessofhistemperaadthedamageofeffecting sbonld be delveoasntltywo and not help wishing that tb* vessel might iprlag ak^giving negroeslargest liberty;or whatever elsepcahrotomsentst,o dsehsotpesnate them, not less ytohuan m3i0.ghbtyare so peripateticrender Ita well-dressed man or awoman tothey arranged, couldlaid out, maintained,used,the City,veryand was Wfiating insufficiently ''case,not'hing ^ence to his proposed resignationmalignant, sudden, general or irresistible destroyer. leading spirits of the occasion, no one could fall to beauty and glory of Gotham, is now a shame and a New Market; ana many thousands for increase en DxAX Six:For BaiTOBiriAti says, in answer to TaoussiiD'a in- observe how earnest and sincere were their proteste- reproach, for instead of ticiog the resort of the re-property valuation In the First and adjoining Wards.tee appointed by the Board of Overseen of Harrardaccommodations for the sale and " Believe me, this sudden loss of life which so that the great heart of this people was all right, aad of health and recreation, it is now infested by the purchase of marketing.tlons of good-will and kind neighborhood. They saw flaed, the Intelligent and the virtuous for the purposes naturally alarms you, is not real, for when the disease the mere party hacks who have thrived by sowing vicious, the depraved, and the Infamous, for the per-4. Very superior5. A location easy of access from all pointe, andto me an " earnest nooMt" that toe recent resignation of mv office sbonld be re-called, has already been, and wMI lie, carefdlly COB-petrationthe abatement of a of the Overseers on thi5 subject, as well as the maoT 6. Tbe eye-sore— which have reached me fromFor thefamilies,of it la marketing,BnrBBXLs,Jan.12,at theher from tteir custody butof the Ceart when the athardo to show that fact somethingtubicribe/orwho had just recorered from a hood* will produce. No one wnoeter looks beneath ing of the green grocers, proprietors of up-town mar- Is not, at this time, an English UanslaUonyoubefore commencing this investigaUon of the subject the second case of the disease which I met with hav-taurateurs, of saloon* and oyiter houses, proprietersyourto you tbe stetutes of this Company, because theref;hoat city. Feb. IS, resulting to tte death of a known citizen, HiaxT McAcUT,Gsq, OnHoaaixwQt'' Mr. F. P. SBisznv, a tin roofmanofaotara- daXaSe* sfreet, was at a baU given at MetfOMUIaa;IpU—-suspended from every available positionMy object, however, was mainly to notice the ulte-;rior effecte that this kind greeting of state brother-aad the itewards of steamers, ships, Ac, to say noth-necessitythat theprincipal depotshould lieSouth—U now formed. The takingmean the with an vtewtemples possessedfilth,fact a basement, or half cellar—the mainarebut the most ever succeed in thepondered fearfullyon before the after the venture.and rcmcml>ered—andof DipUherla. Alatka, ofPa lermo, gave appearance oflhe eruption behind the ears, and the disease has been Inoculated by the matter coming have been mooted, but none ever acted upon. Each ease sad economy of time. To the heaviest and of it, Sfr, I have no doubt of Ite ohariteble objeetatake a -tsief ntrospeet of this form of dla- af tta all pMHges, which has reeeired the «pe-of the rotid and sublingual glands, which subsided on the•to avoidas both TxocssiAn and BaiTOimADIn the same bed—'business,specialtysome cases they were attendedwithswellingp*-particularlysleepingthe discharge l>elng checked. I*f -Sgyydan nicer, because it applied to again swelling upon like this com- In coatect with the mucous membrane of another appearlag to suffer under some Insarmountable objec. dirtiest occupations,such as flah- oyster-dealers,aU tta fwaa of the disease met with but fwo instances of anythingcharity, 1 would say God speedyoa to so aoMe aaeM- be allotted. For the butchers, poulterers, aad terpriie. We are told that Faith, Hope aad Cbarttr BO powerful, there is every probability of our contlnn. others of that clau, the large compartmentt are the links that btod as togettar in aecial aatoe. Many papers have been wrlttea to prove that the isg to suffer, unless some proposlticn Is offered, pre- in the main buildings should be assigaed ; Faith and Hope may pass away, bat Chariljr aadareaas the deaomtnatlon"tnmA dlaa«»>-aaaeas to designate tlie various covered with a thick slough."ttBMofHn*m«-I ilBlli*1—Hilii lliil otXuanik has induced In the above extract, ke describes the pott wu)Ttm healthy character of the water in the River Thamestloa, and as the rival Intereste arc so and conflicting,;plaint in adult persons. In boththe tonsils werepersoning propelled it into ills nostril.;one of a where the child In cough- physicianmoDgers, er nd g-mux omne. the basemente shouldgiveremedythe*eglaring evils, many proposition*most perfect stranger to find what was required,with much about tteOrder,ieateticmcases whereTobut from r your epieand Ite patriotUm. In yoor praiaewatthy of objectunsyttesoatically expertthe nonhemmott could be and toe members were Mr.After giving the symptoms of the disease in itsmost aggravated form, many of which are included disease appeared in London, consequent upon the un- senting more real advaategss. than any yet brought while for the dealers in butter, fruite, Ac, forever. I do not feel ttat ttere te any danger of theappeannces:leaving portionsof the secondstoryas followsthefauces, uvula,but I believe the Tuns,inIteyears put,It* bemeetings and drill-roems accommodations one of you byamoving them,f^"-;a^ltrfllTsyira^fr! t^t^j?^--""""' '»'"°'«<'- ^ ^^^''"^ "" """^ in his boote saturated with this nicely triturated mix- from any heretofore named iccatlon.force of tke tlves of the Sons of Malte from all First Precinct, and the River aad Hartier Police—the Union."of ttaof this name, made r daj, pTMiM to ne that I was in theeit<Bafca<y|fjgasive. The appeared in a sound state. cesophagusThe epiglottis was a little Inflamed on Its external surface, and on the Inner side, together with the in- side of the whole larynx, was covered with the sameportloa bounded by the two rivers andTcceystreetefor Its northernmostlimitcated the three eatebliakmcate, already referred to, wherein is transacted more than three-fourths of all,ture of salt and snow, presents a strong resemblance to the forms of lee-cream, surrounded by the sameilxture, to insure the most concentrated frigidity but the difference Is, that In an hour or two the very centre of the cream has become as hard as the hardestpresence of whom would tend to the good ordere,fantdh.e It is to be hoped, cleanly and proper conditionentire eatabUshmeBt ;—with numerous smaller apart- ments to b« dsvoted to public or private uses, as might be required.Tbe delegates were tten IndlvldaaUy Introdaced to him by District-Attorney Onu and C. W. Bemaa^ Esq.Tha Baath aa Daaglaw. The New-York Leaitr aaya :The New-Orleans IVh* thr Delta, oadoabtedlyI aalyaana geaaral poiats of naamtiSSw #4LJlBeU from them, nor was the corpse in the least of-Is the lower sectioa of the City, comprised ia that —with BcckmanThalnt^dBttaof tbadlMasa wasla eoi vitktha tiliaiiii llw of a nitmber of Kgyptiaa esl*. • at« Wo Cwilfa, imdar the name of Egyptian dis- •aM, siUch •WBBnace took place ^somewhere be-tmmmthe4q«afBeimandHmooxAns,atleast visionintothelungs,waslinedwithaninspissated hehatonlyachill.ttarhaidiadjMiiB.CBoonifterthecommeace-»ataf tkaGkiiltIan«a,.tl>ee]iilaent Greek physl- firm, which, when It came to the first divisions of the etos, Aaaxxaa, gfvaa a Boct vrvld, perfect :and cou- trachea, seemed to grow thin and disappear. It wasthat It inight add to the confusion and crowd on anble,rarelyproducesanincomeofoverfifteeathoa- this1sotonlydissent,but,onthecontrary,sincerely dallyissuefilledWitttbemeetitmmlag*miiiaa«*ainformofamembrane,'remarkablytoughand so tough as to require noiinconslderable force to tearTBE BORDER STATES.Revivalaf(iaadFeellDg—Hewto Establishit.Ccrresp«i«d<iw( c/<k< Ifnt-Tork Tim—.CixcrasAri, Friday, Feb. 10, lew.mucus,trelleve that It will tend more ro relieve that end evidence that toe conaeryative salad of the Seett princlpsil fully understands and values the importanoe ofand came out whole from the trachea, which Itit,left with much easea sheath of Inner aoembrane of the trachea was slightly Inflamed the lungs, too, appea.ed In-extract:point this Unicn. SfaaU we tten, here in sep;flamed as In perlpneumonlc eases."theand refinement of the Hisslsaippl Valley, is one of the most remarkable circumstances of the;speakBAan sayspopulationever sectionalism and disnalenitm, under tbe fold* ef theDorcLASS' paper," In that epidemic it put on much more malignant:fSnatiiTtem.Referring to Dr.the present amotmt, from which the City ought to de- rive from sixty to eighty thousand dollars annually In Ueu of tbe beggarly sum now received.^and putrid symptoms than it has latelybeen attended day. Arriving at the Capital of this Stete, after a so-editorial on the morn- "of ciTilitiea between Ihe after;public ercised my mindof our dlstribated, period unhappilyfor should1—arc lo-The latethose SUtes embodying so large a share ofAt the extreme southerly point of the same portion purchases would be made at an hour when the basl- Fedtral banner, with iti increasing aad brilliant atais." It will be seen toat notwithstanding the aKra dSs- ^ Theeriglaal annuscript of Aan^soi is still laez- with, especially In this city, where diseases of the journ of some three weeks in Washington, I was in- of oar munielpaltty lies a piece of public property nea pari of the City would be entfrely deserted ; and unlcn sentimente of the Charleston Jcmmnr, aad thein thickness and chamois leather. Theai'ite the aarth, thereoa, at least when private enterprise will find it to ite interest to froB tke naticnal party, andfrom tke Weelern ntpert- four milliODS of taxable property could be added to plDce on ourrivert a myritd of those omnibus steam- ers sf tte Sentk, at a juneton ae eritleal. aadsMbl* at Oharlsston br a broker caadMato (or tbe Ptealdaejt Or, shall w<, as one man, aniteoaSTCPBmi A. DnoBua,aad with him march to ccrtato victoryat all oScial representatives of three aovereign States, and which would eventuallywith the be madebeforethenotice. Andasthis haaex- subjectas well a* econemlcally, apportioned— portionthink I ama, which stiU retained their whitish color. Up- Streets," came much nearer the cause of our suffer- ly carried out, will benefit more tntetesU, aad afford them. The residue could be divide—d Into large haUs for this visit, antdte whoannld as citizehntsfiapnfdtofor sometonsils and root of the tongue interspersed with ing of the 20th of this month, upon Salt In the now prepared to make a suggestton, wUch, if proper- at lower rates, to such occupations as might demand preserve it. Again, allow me to cordially thaak yotI fouadthe underneath appeared ings tills Winter. The feet of the pedestrian, cased more accommodation than can possibly be obtained partsarrive, the who marie it will peopleWhat valid objcctlens, other than tte on* already dis- white slough as the glands of the fauces. The heart. The poor mortel, after being thus surrounded the marketing business of the City and ite eavirons. posed ef, can be urged agaiact tbit proposition, I am, Itoughwhole trachea, from the larynx down to its dl for eight or ten hours, returns to his home to And that Two of these establlshmente barely pay their currea confess,unable to It has been intimatad Imagine.dally:Summers, may fairly be aald that fore, a» b^aad mtimajority are called there by baslness or necessity. He* of that Company. Fram the amooat af legalwiB ataka; in several, within the more serious, because It seldom admite of that of those not immediately Interested, the nuisance buildings, of oonfettwhoouhsuanndrefedetaneadch, rufneneting paralalnedl her residence here she has liecome a great fsIrheirriitQe.Carethey crowded,Bbeeing a *toa* reached, externally, bythe United and were introduced to hia. States,attempt,To and facilitate simplifyhave done me In making this vu<t, coming as yea doinappropriately whose veryfrom which toe couldcountry wagona, to tte producer with Company have any cognizance of what U ^cthroughtwenty feci,all of the same height, the roofs, which Conventioa at Washington, visited tte President offrequented on all ordinary the and'lU Inhabltante, as well as to the Citysafely through have nowhas the real estateat all in to the City Treasury of t»0,0«0 taxe* onS. A:CAasaroos, Monday, Feb. 13, ISM. •ttsthe ntrd—Theentireabandonment—theBattery,as 8.Gaintotheeonsamer,bypurchasingdfreotfrom assurance.;of tb* riiliMliae thtespotoncatnmdytoafrt.hoanseanitaverage,forthepastAvea qoeetioBilatienrveoiltvfeadrintteptetaediaatgotluitheaavde,Himatentt* of oar voliutaer forct—inpast for that pose bat onse, and then greatleymptlootyheeddiscontenpturo-f almost all concerned. But, bad as it Is thedaringte tte baaiM dTlha tockholden and local aredllan ooaaaaMfAdahour after nlgtatfaU, no man or weman, poaiewing theleast dellcaey, or tbe smallest amount of personalfordispose of his wares directly cenaumer, from year to year in the galleries of thenm laltbe smaller stells in the conaeedng wings could be dissolution of tte Union by tbe oppreuiaB af eae-for tbe First District Ccurt the ;policepartelargest, richest, and most iMaly-ctrcalated jfmnal C. expenses,whilstthethird,andmuchthemostvalua- alreadytoothrongedthoroughfare—Broadway. To souttofMasonandDlzfln'sUae,ceametoa*haeachsand dollars. 'Were these three properties esid forbusiness purposes, they would readily feteh at least artery of our City than any plan that has yet been iaating and electing Stxphis A. Donoui to ttetwo rolUlons of doUan, which could either tie em- ployed in reducing the public indebtedness or in theconstruction of an edifice of which I saallcohiprehenafve irtI-> • "A tremtadous stekels at tenie, the permiauee af;Moreover, dayare now forced to resort to this street in consequenceof the Washington Uarket being placed on the wastPreddency.:either for2. Remunerallve ritulU from property, aow yield-and ofand gratefuUy, yourSell the site* now so Insppropriately and dis* will eventually disclose. Enough, however, have TBI Cam of Ella Bitbhs—Th> CbilbBs-ket*—to persons who will Immediately aad profitablyandchange the identical one now suggeetad. three Judges to one) that Eta. Bau WaiBM,.e«a>'and devote the- sug- whole, or a portion, of tk* proceeds to the erection oftoiee, decided (by a ns^jony at yesterd^Improvethem for businesspurposes;begiaaing with Inflammation ef the tonsils, but port.Qedliaase commenced with a vioieat which was soon succeeded by ulceratioa. About the gestive af the future. Those who fancy this was a a substantial, convenient, and elegant buUdlag, or ttat this project adds nothing to tte already crash- eareofMrs.Bssas,towhomAe was apareatleed byAs an additional Indaeementtt maybe remarked moaly knowa a*ai<ii>niailiiil with soma pain in tha upper third day the inflammation axteaded Into the mere gala occasion never made a greater mistake. series of buUdtogs, on the Enlargement of the Bat- ing iadebtednecs of our Cotiioratton, for tte whele her fatter at the age of two yean aad alight moathe,aurged by those who bavi not studied the question, ordecllnei wltt the interfering Courtcause they arc inconvenient, badly1 am, very respectfully, *c., Lowellcould do—I mean yon:appUeatienand the inhabltante of Brooklyn, Jersey City you may have,Legation anr*«tly.al|arto extend the various lincc of raUways in that dlrecUoa, it will be found muchin order thatshares in this Company, on thl? conditionaretruemen. EverybodyseeingMm,subscription of Mseaty defter* u admtesi- whonowaadthan even pany every whatwocalla orfounder," Here TOD are •erinwdsto that efbet, at tke aame atrOtec hlte«It tte of the topmy part, prompted which would gladly avail themselves of the privilege* tka* not been already done to the official letter of Mr. C«as offaintIt wonld present faclllUei andtkctr owneonveyaaoe,onlyto te safe toassert that hundreds, if not tbeosands, official,favorableanswertothteproposltlaai,ifit ha* tteajlbrdco them.To meet the exigeaoe*nntUto correeptHMl iritt ai, aad Intern me,abeve mentioned would requirein size, soUd in ite struetarc, eeavanteat la ite ar- rvwemcBt, Inteiler aad exterior, anihnlted la Ite Immediate laiTOBadlafi, imteaBBMdod la Itamaaa* toaeeece by lead er by watv. i^araattaimlt. aiwella«ae*mBU**tdeiIeneoBlda*oar neat entei pilau omtob may rely -upon me topower to promote Itmateceailact: the lamaatber thatthte te butsnggesttan;Ina word, thaton South Clarknrtreet, when Kr!, SoAmii eatared. Immediatelyon Kr.Susxtaezdidaedipleasuredivided^ , ^, . ,;•tI'J.Jl!J -mThesea case Important and complicated qaeiliipending, and now up tor araoaMitoe firstFlqaa andmortgage bcmdholders aad thattaraarket-honaecause a rise la the valoe of ev- Tbe Court te hearing oral atgomeate tt tteeendltieaOverseers, to confer witt Prof. Hcstctotok in refer-andnet Ineome from the Ti> Hon. Geo. B, Boutweli, Chairman o/ CemmiMt, t*.rThe communicationthe honor to receive from you, in behalf of a Cemmi^As mythe corporation, it would seem to be out of place to da-I you to believe me, ray dear sfr, very begWhileIsdies who had charge of little'»• blew, which inln him.,,sEixa be reminded to tta Boaai,'tm mM Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 