 > .<• *'1-X£• ty i»*»Aft at or or 9-it4;$£';w.Caarieeiou, from the united opposition of the Sooth agaiiwt Mm, will transfer all the strength he a m comm&ad in favor of Alexander H . Stephens.fie will have power enough in the Convention to **&& fl» nomix»tioaofanother,without beingable to command it for bjmseiuMORE CHXCANERT.Mr. C A M B ^ ° N ont.too^S1* they had better strike a111 *i. • J-;TWODAYSLATER FROMEUROPE. NEW-YOKKLEGISLATUEE. '•• • • , - • :•. • • - ''Convention.remains as great a mystery as a t first.ta7 ftgentleman'ssupport. Mr.KEITT(Dem.,S.C.)nowcalledforthean-7M6d.The stockinportww095,000bales,ofwhich449,000were them-alone.Lost, 15 t o 16. | "Pendingthefurtherconsiderationofth«subject;th**So«rdt<adjourned.''•si! I'1^Mr. GWIN moved in amendment that daring the requested to commnmiotc to the House at the earliest j practica- sessionofCongress,andforthirtydaysbeforethe bleperiod,copiesofanyandallregulationsoftheFbst-Oflico meeting, and for thirty days after -he adjournment, the Drpirtrfient, or instructions Issued to Postmasters, authorizingOnStateOrganization.J.L.SmithofBrooklyn, nosoundargumentagainstextendingtheprovisionsof at$1650. Thetradearenotbuyingandspeculators Anson Spencer of Tompkins, J . J . Mastell of Sche- the b;H to canals to say that canal forwarders had are holding off. A spell of bad weather would cause nectady, Stnrges Cary of Broome, and Whipple Clark never discriminated against citizens of the State,but a reaction. Raw Sugars are firmer; Refined quotes at of Madison.-.1NEW-Y<>RK ©AH.Y TRESffm TH0ESBAY; Sa^ffAR^ W*8M-Jtamocrafic Statet ^ <•-; *WAJHTNGTOK, Wednesday, Feb. 15,1860.all one way. Four hundred and thirty votes werefffl the Free Academy is intereitin^noon. She has experienced heavy weather; She has Mr, LAPHAM introduced a bill authorizing an ad- cast. The enthusiasm was of the wildest character,f] jfa.-*-Yo*x. Feb. 8.1B60.•iLIVERPOOLCOTTOKMARKET.—Thebrokers'circu-Mr.HOUSTONwanted toaskaquestion,butwas larrcpoatsthesalesoftheweekat84,000bales,ofwhich11,500 edgeforanunworthypurposeonthatfloor.» !boldiers of the war of 1812. .Mr. FLORENCE also introduced a bill, equalizingthe Army, Navy, and Marine Pensions, and a bill fix- ing and repulatwg the duties on imports.Mr. CAMPBJB.LL (Rep., Pa.) presented the resolu- tions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania in favor of a Protective Tariff.Mr. MOORE EIEAD (Rep., Pa.) introduced a reso- lution for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio River. \ - ; •Mr. MORRIS 'Rep., Pa.) introduced an Interna- tional Copyright bill.Erastus Brooke,^. T . Headley, and a few others. The object of the meeting, as set forth in a secret circular, is to "reorganize" the American party in the State, " in conjunction with the National Union movement." In other words, to diemiss the American party, so far as these gentlemen can do it, and carry all theyand all the local Republican officeholders in Albany, which is the city of his residence.The Maryland legislature.BAI.TIMORK, Wednesday, Feb. 15,18*60.TheLegislature has had under consideration, to-day,named JamesJersay CfUy, res-passion, smashed nor o f Grand a n d"'-l'«-V**'. '•damagesbyreasonoffailureordelayinpayment. Ho interest is to be allowed on payments fer the last quarter, ending with I>ecember last. A sum for this purpose is appropriated.Mr. WILSON (Rep., Ind.) moved to postpone the matter till to-morrow.France, but he said that Count Walewski had assured LordCowleythattheEmperorhadnointentionofpro-College was passed.Also, the bill authorizing the Supervisors of West-chester County to purchase the Pelham Bridge. The Senate then went into Executive session.ASSEMBLY. TheHon.B.B.Johnson,,electedfromthe1stDis-E, Wert, Tolland Coonty; E . A . Rnsaell, Middlesex; Colin K . Ingersoll,New-Haven; WilliamM.Converse,New-London: Rnfns L . Baker, Windham; George W . Peet, Litchfield; P . C. Calhoun, Fairfield.ticn.bythefollowingvote: 'YHAS-Messrs. ?•*]&: Cruder. 8tbw», ^aixaxa-A. NA5S—M«s«r«. Green, McC*y, Sflw*-* -.•weremad©thespecialorderforMonday next."Wholenumber 183jDrfroe* 91 LIVERPOOL BRKADSTUFFS MARKET.—Messrs. Rich-cipal authorities of Georgetown, protesting against the passage of the bill to prohibit the circulation of paper money in the District of Columbia.Mr. HUNTER (Dean., Va.) moved to postpone prior orders, a n d take u p t h e Post-Office Deficiency bill.-Carried.The House having refused to concur in the amend-Mr. ETHERIDGE voted for Gales & Seaton.The subject was then passed over for to-day.In pursuarce of an order previously adopted, a largenumber of billa and resolutions were introduced; among them a bill by Mr. Morrill, donating; lands for the promotion of the arts and sciences to tnej various States, and a bill for the prevention of polygamy in thefor American. Wheat steady, and with a rather better tone; rise, Mr. JAQUES moved that a Committee of Five Red, 9/6-a>y/9; White, 9/9®ll/6. Corn firm; Yellow, 31/6®32/6. be appointed to investigate the charges made by theLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—Messrs. Bigland, Speaker.in Oregon, by the next steamer, which gives a color to Mr. Fairman's amendmont was therraddpted, 21 'to 9/ the rumor. Mr. SHIKE moved to amend by striking out a&aftorA fire at Oregon City had destroyed buildings be- tbe " resolved." Lost, 11 to 20.this bi 1there was no general legislation. The amend- ment regulating the printing ofblanks effected a radi- .cad in existing laws. Therefore, he wished for a re-consideration.The motion to reconsider was lost, by yeas 14, nava 42.Mr. GWIN (Dem., CaL) now asked the Senate to jPrcceed to the confederation of the bill to abolisi thefranking privilege. Auxe&d to.The nrs; amendment by the Cemmittee on Post-The Pro-Rata bill was then 'taken up. The proposi-tion eliciting most debate was the amendment makingthebillapplicabletoCanalsaswellasRailroads. Theopposition to this measure came from the friends of the sermon in Victoria District Church. H e proposes bill, Mr. MILLER, the SPEAKER, and Mr: FLAG--I •—-•—"Mr.Bright**inquiryintothereasons fortae4elay in the construction of the dome of the Cap-itolwilldevelopthat the contrastor forthe iron- newspiperfl,n«isnowdonebylaw.seen so universal and aeterm?°ed a deling among theDemocracyofConnecticutas20vrtoachieveatri-work agreed tofurnish twoclasses, at five and twoeentt per poena", respectively. Application was madetoMr.Meigsforanincreaseinprices,whichhe refused, as did hi* successor, Capt. Franklin. moralsof the community.Mr. CRITTENDEN (S. Am., Ky.) moved to ad- An order ftom the Wax Apartment raised the rate journ. Lost.MB, it is therefore a law, as amended previous to its passage. It appropriates $4,296,000 for supplying the denwweyintherevenue*,anddefrayingtheexpensesson, and 54in favor of it.Mr. BROWN offered a resolution that a Committeewater used in Sing Sing prison.Mr.ROTCHintroducedabiUtoregularthesaleof For Litut.'Gov.... JAMBSE.Ev&uan ofNew-Haven.OKNTLKMBW: w«th© undorslpzwd, having b*HJD employes! tobeappointedontheinaugurationoftheWashington ofwl>epartiaeat,foryeareno^ngjnnelast; $4,000,- Statue. Objectedto. Adjourned.which port she leaves tbis evening. ThesteamshipNew-York,fromNew-YorkforBre-men,arrivedatSouthamptononthe2d. ,."••• personshallsellorgivethefollowingpoiso*aouasub- For TreoMurer....Coh THOJUASH.C.KHTGUBURTofFranklin.The steamship Vigo, from New-York, arrived at stances without the written order or prescription of aQueerstownonthe3d.Thenews is meager,and without special import-•GREATBRITAIN.LordJohn Russell hadannouncedinParliamenexaminethebuildingknownastheFree Aoadeu. •»^ rom«at- Lexingtonavenue,cornerofTwe**y-thlrdstreet, ^edS* fulljtocertifythatwehavedonew, and•!*>««*-T ^arXr. working plans from which the boildlnj? was erected. In . £ »wOtoward the support of the Department for ths fiscalIf or ControUtr.... BOXACB TAT W>R of V ernon. TheConventionresolveditselfinto-DistrictCbuven-year ending -with June next, and a farther- sum of HOUSE O F REPRESENTATIVES. Mr.ADAMS(S.Am.,Ky.)presentedthepetitionofannum, to commence 60 days after the expiration of ing the inhabitants thereof to call a Convention andcmlzattoTi, w e find certain Mwta In th^oxmstractton. whicO ~ £ inm$2,400,000 m payment of the salaries of officers and the Delegate from Jefferson, and the memorial of theregularly-educatedphysician,whosenameandresi-quantities: Prussic acid, aconite and.itsvariouspre- assembledin general Convention at%o'clockp.m. the weightofthe columnstha*supporttheroflst WewouldtiMOparationsj atrophia and its/ salts, cantharides, Croton and elected the following gentlemen Delegates «rt recommend that the Goor beams ba rei»ed ,1?TM°? *<****, •*»•understanding.Mr. Wilson's motion was disagreed to. The House then proceeded to vote.WholoxramWofvotea 1B1 Deft*** Nec«M«rv to a choice 91 GloubreoaerThe National Convention of the Sons of Malta com-menced its session.here to-day, the object being a thor- Seaton.ough revision of the lawB and ritual of the order. The Hou 'e again voted.The Senate yesterday, among other nomination*, con- The result was the same as before except that Mr.place of D. D . Shaw, deceased, and on motion of M r. Brigham his name w as added to the Judiciary Com- mittee.The Pro-rata bill was taken up as the special order. A warm debate ensued on the question of applying the rule to canal forwarders as well as to railroad compa-tJurley.Commencing with next week, there is to be a doabledaily train by the South-western ronto from Washing- ton to New-Orleans, instead of one, as heretofore.las.its application for $2,000 for Calver'c het-air\ furnacee,. to be put into tbe new school buildtng or>Tw* 'Uty-sev- enth street, making an argumen; in favor A f them. Thi* gave rise to a long discussion as to'thou? nxerite,of Patents, and Jadge Rowles of Tenn. as Treasurer .of the United States,this haa been thrown for Mr. DefreeB, he would have b*tn elected; if for Mr. Glossbrenner, it would haveJOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N . Y.) suggested a postporement.nexation. sources that this House is to be influenced on this ques- The Bourse was improving. The rentes closed on tion by a disbursement of money to the members. Ithe 2d, 67f. 60c.delayed uittil now.day, and most of tire time not to 40 degrees: 'Skiir vn* amply corroborated by the testimony-of ©ommissiosi ^er* from other Wards.Mr. FAIRWAN, as a disposition" of the- questiwu"}JI °*~rsenteeslikelytoarrive,urgedthattherebeonemore landandFrancearealliedontneItalianquestion,and tionofmembersuponthisfloorinregardtoit. Ihave untiltheUnitedStatesSupremeCourtsettlesthetitle. beinstructedtocaaseac&refuland•thoroughexaarfcaanon•in«H ', XXXYITH CONGRESS.FIRST SESSION.Judge McAllister of the United States Circuit Court, its accuracy is undoubted. I repeat it, Sir, for I desire en the 20th of January, refused to dissolve the injunc-S E N A T E . . . . W i 3 R ^ J : 0 N ' ^ i ^ g S ; ThaCHAIRsaid{thereadingofthe #^TM22"3£ occupiedthemorninghour)thefirstbnsmess >«-" -special order, being the bxD to prohibit the issdff Of hunk notes of a certain denomination, in the District of Columbia.Mr. MASON pern., Va.), from the Harper's Ferry Committee, reported a resolution that the President of the Senate issue warrants for the arrest of Messrs. Sanborn, John Brown, jr., and Redpath, who had re- fused to pay the summons of the Committee to testify, and bring them before the Senate to answer for con-tempt.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) said he would vote againsttbe various modes of warailng and ventilation Inr use ln'tk« fully determined that no intervention shall be com' learned that a letter was exhibited in Wall street, wrh/J Much regret is expressed that this great source of school buildings under the jonsdiction of the ftoRM/andn^pttfUit.compel the attendance of these men.ly wrecked" neai Cape Mendocino, had been sold forH e believed there was no power in the Senate toThe resolution was adopted, by Yeas 46; Nays 4. Tho?evoting in thenegative were: Messrs.Bing-hisremarksofyesterday. Hehuidnotsaidthat ifthe Fugitive Slav© law was unconstitutional the action of Wisconsinwasright. It did notdepend-onthat. A {State Court oouloTnot interfere with the decision of the Crated States Court, having jurisdiction—Yetifnottrue,why shouldit have beeniasedtostay balloonist,HenryWise,proposingan aerialtrip from The London Pott says the treaties of Villafranca then, the current of debate on anamendment to that city to New-York, across the great Plains.ham, Hale, Sumner, and Toombs..Messrs. Seward and King both voted affirmatively.•* 2 President, Vice-President," head» of departments and them to open and destroy letters and newspapers supposed to contain incendiary matter; together wich copies of\establishing a first-class collegiate school.There is no mining news of interest.The amount of revenue collected in British Colum-bia, during the past year, was $300,000.COMMERCIAL.T h e c a r g o o f c o f f e e p e r I v i c h a n d O f f o w i l l u n s e t t l ethe market for the present. Since the departure of theMARINEAFFAIRS.O f f i e e s a n d P o s t R o a d s w a s t h a t t h e l a w a b o l i s h i n gBINGHAMTON, Wednesday, Feb. 15,1860. The American " Balance of Power" party met in Convention at Binghamton this morning at 10 o'clock, a n d o r g a n i z e d b y t h e a p p o i n t m e n t o f G . B . F r e e m m o fTHEcaused by the sudden stopping of the Prymoutb. Rock: . opposite Hunter's Point, when on her way to Stoning;---. t o n , o n T u e s d a y e v e n i n g , w a s o c c a s i o n e d b y t h e - a &- ~justment of her valves, whieh-were new, and'hed] gotv. a little out cf order. She stopped- about tw^boars^ and then proceeded eafely on,- her trip, her maite-aeriv—•'. ing in Providence, Ii. I:, ou Wednesday morning at € o'clock.s- FOK B&'nOPK.The Cunard Mail steamer Asia, Capt. Lowe*, lefl ,yesterday afternoonior Liverpool, with SI paeseageo * and $460,388 in specie.ARRIVAL OK THE STKAMER-ROBE3W" LOWS*The British screw steamer Robert Lowe, Car ^ Congleton, arrived yesterday morning from the M> j ^ i -membersofCongressshouldbeallowedtosandfree -mail matter not over tw o ounces ia weight. M r. Gwin saidthe object of the Committee was to abolish the franking privilege. If other legislation was neces-it could oe done a t another time.i MASON opposed the amendmentMr. DOOLITTLE wanted to relieve the Poet-Offlce Department of the heaw hardens imposed upon it.MrTHAMILTON (Rep., Me.) moved to strike out affi the bill except the few lines abolishing the frank- ing privilege. H e wanted to abolish the system in Soto. H e did it on the ground of persjnal convenience. He did not advocate it as a measure of economy. H e believed that if yua asked for contracts with the franking privilege abolished, you could not get one mill ieduction. The railroads and steamboat lines frfca every cent that can be got from the Government, 3 g it made no difference whether they earried a tun of matter or a trunk load. T h e overland mail route absorbed *ix hundred thousand dollar* to c*rry on civilization. H e denied that the embarrassment of the Pcet-Offioe arose from the franking privilege.Mr. CHANDLER said that the expense of the Post- Office Department was owing to the system of jobbingwhich prevailed.Mr. PIJGH (Dem., Ohio) was in favor of striking outentirely the Federal Government which expends more Spoliation bill, and a biU granting pensions toholdingalsothatcanalsdodiscriminateaswellas 12•&13c.forcircleandcrushed. Thetradebuyallthe Railroad Companies. Messrs. Robinson and Jaques refinery will seE at 17£c.Mr.WIGFALL(Dem.,Texas)explainedthatthe hill, if not amended, effected this.In conversation with some of the leading gentlemen ideat for the correspondence between our and the who have arrived, I learn that their own views are notWhole number of Cattle at market. T yr rTi£,T: £® v 0BMr. Hamlin's motion was carried.British Government touching the occupation of SanAlargenumberofmenfromtheBierrima&werepaia Psicxa or ujU»y,*550; third%ZjtaZ"g l *!^ **£&'Mr. CLAY (Dem., Ala.) wanted to get rid of lettersof n o consequence. H e received notices of patent the public lands. Adjourned. msdcine«, Abolition documents, 6cc.: 28s. Mr. BROWN (Dem., Miss.) was in favor of totAl abolition o r nothing. .Mr. HAM LIS objected to the amendment of the Seaitor from Kentucky..Mr. POWELL withdrew his amendment, except as to the time for it to take effect, the 15th oi April, which was agreed to.Mr. DooHttle's amendment was rejected.IttyHteriott* Affair.SCRKKTOV, Pa., Wednesday, Feb. 15; 1860.A box containing one leg and the two feet of a hu- man body was found in a raviae near the Scranton Depct this evening, and taken in charge by the Coro-ner, who will hold an inqnest.Jndftinr from present indications, the meeting willbe neither potent in numbers nor strong in the characterof the delegates. Should leisnre and opportunity serve,Mr. James Clark, an aged and retired merchant, while in the Hall of Representatives yesiorday, liat»u-The question jecurrhig on the amendment of the Commitiee, Mr. HAMLIN moved to strii e out the pro- visoinrelationtowhomtheprivilegeisgranted.Companytookplacethismorning. Theoldboardwas tobisde'^th. Itwasshownthatsheboreaquestiona- qnalltjarethrar-^oat.Nxw-OttXJEAtfa, Wednesday, Feb. 1-, I860. TheDdtu'x correspondentatBrownsville,writes that the Texas Commissioners,aie fully oonvinced that the authorises and principal citizens of Matamoras are Mr.HAMLINproposedtowithdrawhismotionif inleaguewiihtheoutlawCortina, TheCommis- sioners have leportrd to the Oove«mor that war exists.unanimouslyreelected. Theaffairsoftheroadarerepresented as encouraging. The receipts for the yearI meeting adjourned.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ble cbpjacter, but nothing was elicited to prove that •he "Vras away from her home in East Twenty eighthThere were ^ cars orer the Eastem aaSlroad. 44 OTOCtbo Bos- vuJuu„h°W «B.«adWOTWtheritohbarg;30ofthose©mti>«Fltohbnr^ ^ 9 n {nm Albany.uS* ^xir-Boef sold the n a » as last week for eorraspondte*Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., X*.} said that Mrs. Polk was given the pnvi ege as a compliment.amounted to $107,837, against expense of $92,128. A . „ f - o — —x ,street on the night of the homicide. No new light <jn*"r-as. The Western Cattl© aold ftom S|o. to T*o., &•*. W saWm was tha only person named.by it,*SBRRHIOT!9KES«?BSH33 J-The amendment was v^ea rejected.Mr. POWELL- moved td£»eud the substitute of the > Committee, so tba^ the law take effect on the 15thof, ' , agreed to." hereafter nothing**pass free iu the mails." Mr.CAMERONmoved,a^*»amendment,"ex-" cept newspaper exchanges."Mr.SEWAED (Rep,N..T.) s u g ^ ^ *° ««ap*HAHTFOBI),Wednesday,Feb.15,,I860. 0846About 12jf o'clock, the Jury retired, and after being out a fewApril. Agreed to.The substitute of theMr. MASON moved to a d d t t a tincreasing the Compensation of Judges of the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals.Also,itostrike out the ten per cent clause inthe law relating to the State Inebriate Asylum and Excisa Money;Mr.McLEODlMURPHYpresentedapetitionfrom Richard M. Hoe and several hundred citizens of New- York in favor of comity among the several States, and asking that Southerners traveling with their slave servantsmaybepermittedtoholdthemintheStateof New-York fornine months. ^Also,onthebillinrelationtojunction-gatesandthe Croton Reservoir in ^„r.Vork.n^' v1.^a.introduced&oillforthereleaseofthe *Wqage/or $35 000 held by the State agabs Jhe Sta-e ^tncultural College. .The $ama£*T Committee reported in favor of the bill of j . McLeoa Murphy relative to District CourtsState Convention «v*r'heldin Connecticut. Gen.PhelpsofCo>br(>oie waa chosenPresident.from compression of the brain. th« r*«ult of Violence «t tho hmoiit fl*?0?* person,or persons to the Jury unknown, between U *B4 12o'clockonth«nightofFob.10."Upon the rendition of this verdict, the Coroner at once discharged Mrs. McClester, whereupon that lady felltothefloorina fit. Afterbeingrestoredtoooa> a^Cnsnesfv ahe was placed in a carriage and conveyedi j .-•'., Poptofficeva8tnenMr. CAMERON agreed to this. mthe following result*ThomasH,Sevw*-tm iMI>i. ,T**>-W- ^' .—*/UT »••#••••••••••)•••••••*• ....185•_..«.u» 'JL'm JTJEutX••••,#•*•••••**»*•••«••*•**••••• HenryC.Doming.•••••••••*••«•• •«•*•«•*•*• ...J12 ocuttcrtng, ••*••«••«••>*«••••••#•«'#•'•*%*«** t•#••••«The Convention then adjourned to 2 o'clock.AFTERNOON BESSION.knowndeceasedforalongtime,andthathischaracter was beyond reproach.BOARDTJ.A RomM ?{ E iu c a t i o " sfW a stated meeting lajtrbe-Jfecu. "*nt CCRTIS in the chair. The mmutea evening, PMKJOJ. ,n d t hose of the Executiv?Com!Mr. CLAY thought it would only aidto ^Z* n ; creased circulation to THE NKW YORK TRIBITVK Herald, whichwouldnotdomuohtoimproveW*1Or EDUCATION.Mr. MASON withdrew his amendment.Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., ID.) moved as a new sec-Mr. BOCOCK (Ad. Dem., Va.) had heard several posing the annexation.gentlemen say that an electionwas to take .place to- The British Government sent a dispatch exjresBingThe Convention adjourned till 71o'clock p.m.The Committee On Resolutions will not report t31 that girders be placed in the Free A<A (*emT». •* ft0"The Select Committee appointed by the Speaker of day. H e wished to kno w whether that agreement satisfaction at this assurance."the House to inquire into and report on printing and was only on one side ? On the question of appointing a Committee t< inves- bindsdgreforms,iscomposedofMessrs.Grow. MrSHERMAN(Rep.,O.)andMr.BARKSDALE tigatethemiscellaneousexpendituresofthecountry,Mr. CTREEN moved that tfcis Commf«\ 'e recommend the evening session. ccrdance with the suggestion of Mr. Fiwi d» whicU mo-Onarfee, Burnett, Walton, Florence, Hoard, and (Ad. Dem., Miss.) severally said that it was the general the ministry were defeated by 28 majority.AnationalsalutewasfiredoverGov.Seymour'etionwaslaidonthetablebvfixefoflowroXvote:" trict, Delaware appeared and took his seat, in the nomination. 37&S-&*"**' TuthUU-Croxter, Stone; fltoar,-. Foirawa-5.Messrs. Etheridge and Gilmer voted for Gales andThe California Overland Mail.VLr. HILL (S. Am , Ga.), not hearing of any ab- vote to-dav.Mr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) remarked that he had pairedoffwithMr.Scott(Dem,Cal.) Henowter jninated that arrangement, and would vote for Defxees,h^TXnK assuraices that the prices of the printing would be eo I'C"^1106^ ^ i a t there could hereafter he no plunder.The London Post prominently announces that Eng- ponents of this pro-rata measure to influence the ac- renders it probable that the mine will remain closed Fnolved, That the C<nxasrittee on "V^sTming<aa* VentUattk "*TOB*f»re the res^11 T * 8 j o u n c e d , Mr. BONHAMAUSTRIA.There was increasing discontent in Hungary, and defeat it in the Houte.Arother x~C**(Dc'°> S. C.) changed ut ^ o t e f o r »wa« South Caro- matters were daily growing more serious.taken.interruptedbytheRepublicanswithcrie*of"Order." Amid theconfnaion,Mr.JACKSON, whohadbalesweretospeculators,and10,500balestoexporters. The weekopenedwithanactivedemand,but thiswascheckedby theadvanceinthebankrateofdiscountto4percent,andtheTheSPEAKERofferedinexplanationthathehad notmadeadirectcharge,batonlystatedwhathehad"RetoUted,ThataOrmaltteeoffive-be-acyoLntodtoloefc-scStor speciallegislationonthesubjectofPublic-Kducatton4cthe City of Nevp-'V.oik, without expense t o this Bossd.Much jov was evinced on the Democratic side.Mr.JACKSON(Dem.,Ga.)voted forMr.Gloss- brenner.Messrs. BONHAM and PRVOR returned to that Fair MobileSTATE OFTRADK.—TheadvicesfromManchester nouncement of the vote. are favorable. The market was firm, though quiet.mentoftheSenateabolishingthe franking privilege,' Territories. |Mr. HUNTER moved the Senate recede fromits Mr.WALDRON (Rep., Mich.)offeredaresolution, cularreportsAsbe»quietat28/6'S>29/forPots,and30/forPearls.After a very warm debate on raising a Committeeofinvestigation, Mr. McCALLICOTT moved a preamble•otheresolution,settingforthasthereasonfortheres- aboutthe 20th of November in ButterRootValley. Mr.BTKNEmovedtolaythe-substitute-ontbetable*. olution the chargte made bv the Speaker. This was There was great danger that all their stock would Loft.opposed b y the Speaker ana others, and lost.«mendment. H e was unwillir g to. attempt to force legislation on the other House. The motion was agreedto. Yeas 42, Nays I LMr. TOOMBS moved to reconsider. H e was opposedwhich was referred to the Committee on Commerce, toinquire into the expediency of action to prevent theSugar dull, and 6 i ® l / lower for refining sorts. Coffee steady. Rice firm-for soft grains, but heavy for Bengal. T ea -very firm, but quiet. Bark steady; Philadelphia, 8/Gf*9/6; Baltimore,starve, and a portion o f the party had started fcr Fort Benton, and another for Fort Owen.Mr. W A R R E N moved the-previous questiom. Car*- ried, 19 to 10.to the Senate receding. In the debate in the House astrong opinion was expretsed adverse to the frantingprivilege, but they were opposed to legislation being-tncorr orated with t h e Appropriation bilL N o w , in term of studv of cadets a t the Military Academy.A bill to remove the capital from Olympia to Van- couverhadbeendefeated.Resolutions had unanimously passed both Houses of the Legislature indorsing Gen., Harney'* action in the San Juan affair.Mr. Farr's resolution with Mr. Fairman's- amend*-- mentwasthenadoptedj21to9: • fcThe PRESIDENT constituted the Coma^tteeealled'for - bv the resolution as followa: Messrs^ -Bairmfta, B'arr^^ Waterbury, Green, and Eager.The Board was then left witbouta guorum.Mr. PENTON (Rep., N. Y.) introduced a biljl for the settlement of the claims of officers and soldiers of the Revolutionary army, and the widows and children of those who died in the service; also, a Pacific Railroad bill. Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.Mr. BRIGGS (8. Am., N . Y .) introduced a I bill for the establishment of a Branch Mint in New-York. Re- ferred to the Committee on Commerce. IMr. REYNOLDS (A. L ^ N. Y.) introduced a biU for the improvement of the Hudson River, near Albany, a n d a b i l l f o r t h e e r e c t i o n i n t h a t c i t y o f a P o s t - O i f i c e ,the franking privilege should not supply to those to Custom-House and Court-House.whom it was granted by came. Mr. DUELL (Rep., N. Y.) offered the following:importation of adulterated tea.Mr. BUFFINGTON (Rep., Mass.) introduced a bill 8/2. Cod Oil, £35. Linssed Oilquiet. Rosin firm at 4/5®4/«The resolutions were then adopted, and the House adjourned till seven p;m.EVENING SESSION.'A communication was received from Gov. Morgan inclosingaletterfrom^theGovernor ofOhioandthe resolutions of the Legislature of that State in reponse to the invitation to visit Albany.WASHINGTON TERRITORY.for the improvement of Taunton River, and ia resolu- tion instructing the Committee on Military affairs to inquire into the expediency of regulating bv a law thefor common. Spirits Turpentine firm at36/6.LOPIDON MARKETS.—[Baring's Circular n>t .re- ceived.]LONDON MONEY MARKET.—The Money market w a sslightly aaore stringent, and the demand was very active. Consols closed on Tuesday at 94j"Si94& for money and account. American securities were slow o f sale, but prices were unal-tered.HA VRE MARKET.—[The usual weekly circular of theHavre market had not come to hand.]Tbe question was then taken;on Mr. Glover'a^Rrb*- There ia but little news from Washington Territory. stitute. ItwasloBt, 9 to 22.all correapondence betweenth«Departmentandtheauthor- ttiea of any State, or between the Department and any Postmaster in relation thereto. And that he communicate to thisHousewhetherknowledgehascometothePost-OfficeDe- partment that the authorities of any State hare enacted laws re- quiring Postmasters to open and burn such letters, newspapers or other documents as may be In their opinion incendiary, and what State* hare enacted such laws.Mr. BURNETT objected, and, on motion of Mr. Duell, the resolution w as referred to the Post-Oifice Committee.Mr. GILMER (Am., N . C.) gave notice, under the rule, that he would hereafter introduce a bill to do eqnal justice to all the States.JOHN COCHRANE (Dem.. N . Y .) introduced a bill to amend the passenger laws for the better pro- tection and security of female passengers; abillto establish the collection districts of the united States, and to detignate the ports of entry and delivery for the same, and regulating the appointment and compen- sation of officers of the customs; also, a bill for the simplification and codification of the revenue laws, and for other purposes.Mr. GROW (Repv Pa.,) introduced a bill to prevent the sale of the public lands except to ac;ual settlers, until ten vears after their survey; a bill for the admis- sion of Kansas ii.to the Union; and a Homestead bill.On National Organization, Erastus Brooks of New- York, Ira L . Little of Cortland, W . W . Engle of Steuben, George L* Ames of Saratoga, and J . C. Bob- bie of Broome.On the Address, ice, Messrs. R . Graves of Brook-lyn, J . C. King of Tompkins, Harlo Hakes of Steu- to canals was lost. Yeas 37, Nays 38.Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) introduced a FrenchBOSTON, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 1860. No accident has happened'to the steamer Plvmouth Rock. She was anchored off Hunter's Point for a short time bust evening to enable the engineer to examine tbe " shut off." H e r passengers came through to thiscity this morning.Augusta, Cra., Races.him, and can afford to be careless,we doa" t kaOW<th*n ail the States. The enormous amount, if raised by direct taxation, would not be borne a moment. If the Gove; nment expended only ten millions w e would never bear of an irrepressible conflict. I t was merely a conflict for the spoil. Franking was merely the Government paving the postage of Members of Con-gress.Mr. SIMMONS (Bep.,R.I.) would stop printingbockn that overload the mails.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) thought it might be wellnot to take the franking privilege from ex-Presidents or their widows.very clear; except that something must be done to passfreebymaU/' Carried. mitteeonCommercetoinquirewhatmeasures should carryingso manyAmerican votersinto theRepubli-A.Cooi'LE OF Dasj'EBAr>oES.---A mauBoyle, was tafcra be»reJUcordj« ^ ^ * f terasy, cbswed witb h»rhtg, whlb» i n a rtolent iS . door anTwindows eftfie, CttyH*t«J, ooi Hudson strsets. dsin« •*&„V^n?J»rt^J John Kane ws* also tsian brfoje ths. I W havh^kflooked do-r^ rtamped upo* s*d>WMr.PRYORofferedaresolutioncallingonthePree-NORFOLK,Wednesday,Iteb.15,MfrKmissions. The weather is mild tins evening, with, ashore near York River, and is goin« to pieces. 47; sscondqu " 7It has been snowing here all day, with slight inter- Mr.MASONmovedtoaddthat "hereafter nothing Juan Island. Also,a>resolutioninstructingthe Com- resistthestrongcurrentthathas carried andianow indicationsofrain.TTOCMS or M'TA»A»:X*STTBBSSBWF.P—.—ExEtxrtar,a,«$7«oasw,TMr - „^_Mr. POWELL (Dem., Ky.) moved to amend by pro- be adopted with a view of procuring reduction of can ranks. How to accomplish thie is, so far as I cano ,—to-day. Eour hundred of them Torktown, for New-York, and^ows andCslve.. S^ajaf; 'M *"r"' 4 ^ * wo j ears old, sM~a"$2»; T ipandr«s>aaOaaoh Extra, $4^fs>5-»t>8,HUMBB& rnon KACBCattle. Sb MTB.viding that persons now endued to the franking privi- lege he excused from prepayment, to take onset on the 15th of April.Mr.IVERSON(Dem.,Ga)opposedthis.duties by foreign Governments on tobacco. The above were appropriate'y referred.Mr. JOHN COCHRANE presented the petition of WilliamJayHaskettand eighteenothersoithe Sev- enth Ward of Nerr-York, aaking for the freedom ofFailure in Bowlon.ton.,THE STATE-STREET,^S S S I S ^Brownsville flfew#.* •CTdiB«yooBsi«*»ARRIVAL OF THE PRINCE ALBERT. ANNEXATION OF SAVOY TO FEiNCE.DefeatoftheEnglishMinistry.• ' r 'THE ITALIAN QUESTION.KON-IHTERTEBTIOll AGREED UPON.tfi£ BKf0NTENT IN HtfNGARlf.SENA TE....Feb. 15.1860.to seven cents p e r pound, making a difference of $120,000inthecostofthematerialThebDl was then read a third time and passed, only'ThePresidenthavingapprovedofthePost-Office twovotingagainstit,Messrs.HemphDlandWilkin- 20saloonand360otherpassengersforNew-Yotk,for justmentoftheclaimoftheCrotouWateifBoardfor andamotionwaspassedtoinsistonhimnomination.JToTHKExKccTivnCoxKiTTiHiroBTTHKFVxj?ACAWKT:ST. JOHK'S, K. F., V ^ ^ s d a y , Feb. 15,1860.tion "that publishers ornewspapers bs allowed to The steamship Prince Albert, Capt.Prowse,from in Aiew-York.A letter from Gov. Seymour was read, declining thenomination, and favoring the old ticket,' bnt the Con-ventionpaidnoregardtoit,andnominatedhimbvac- ofthefastmeeting,- ^pr0Ved. The followioR«-"print on the same the date of subscription." Re- jected.A like report was m£de on the bill for the purchase Galway on the 4th inat., arrived at iiifl p^rt this fore- and sale of the New-York Cud Erie Railroad.mrttees, were reacf and *. % Executive ComStoeoaclerks, transportation of the mails, wrapping-paper, ProvisionalGovernmentofthat Territory,askingthathags, stamps, etc. Interest at the rate of operoentper he be recognized as such. Also, a memorial authoriz- ance. ;ond, acd third stories, to support the floor bewaos and * « « « • £ •thequartermwhichtheservicewasrendered,batin nocasepriortothe1stofHay,1859,tothepresent date,shallbepaidonallsumsfoundtobeduethecon-tractorsforcarrying themail. Theinterestshallbepaidonlytothe contractors themselves infallofall a voteforPJinter.oil, datuna and its salts, delbheria and its salts, digi- large;talesanditspreparations/ergotanditspreparations, veratriaanditssalts,cannabisindicaanditsprepara- tions—underapenaltyof$100.the timber*that are h> close pToadsatty with W " * * ^ * ; " 4 finesbethoroughlyexamined,tojww4^g*tn«tdangerfrooaare."Toonre«p*ftful2y, witf. YIELD. :'-' tArobiiaeta- GKIFFITHTT&rOMA8,)*">*»«**;form aConstitutionpreliminarytoadmissionintothe Union. ReferredtotheCommitteeonTerritories.Ftrtt Congrtttitmal JHatriet—GtttL.Jaa.PrattofRocTcyHill; 1111TherewasacadioftheHousepreliminarytotakingthattheGovernmentcouldhotproducothecorrespond-^'"""h^" " ArnoldofHaddam; Thirds-Amliayw C.L.ip- pittofNew-London; Fourth—William D.BishopofBridge- port. - *Wm. Cowperwill be minister of Publio Works vice Fitzroy, deceased.The Hanover cotton Mills at Manchester ha!d been 90 burned; involving a loss of $30,000.89Eleven out of the twelve Delegates to Charleston NAYS—MoBsrs. Green, BlcCsy—2.' , :» are favorable to the hominatiun oi Stephen A. Doug- <• The Local Board of the Twenty-first War* * renewedFRANCE.The French news is confined to the question of the nies.MELOY'S STATION, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 1860." The Overlaid Mail coach, with San Francisco dates in which it was alleged tha£ iri'the Qreenwteh** venue7,000 bales, including 1,600 to speculators and exporters, the mar- ket olosingfirmatthefollowingauthorizedquotations:action of the House.Mr.ROBERTSON hadunderstoodthe chargedis-ton Territory to the 13th, and British Columbia to the !6lh.FairOrleans7Jd MiddlingMobiles6M6d.MiddlingOrleans6Jd. FairUplands7ld. Middling Uplands..'Politics,asusual,seemedtoengrosstheattentionofTheDemocratmentionsrumorsofaprospectivecoa- n-'Mr.BYRMBmovedtolaythewholesubjectontb.»-tablo»-American.Afterfurtherdebate,Mr.MERRITTmovedtore- port progress, with tne view of asking a Committee of* Investigation.litionbetweentheRepublicansandAntinLieoompton Democrats to elect Col. E. DJ Baker of California United States Senator in May njsxt. CoL Baker w a sAthya, & Co., Richardson, Spenco, & Co., and others, report Beef heavy, aud buyers demand a reduction. Pork steady; aales of New Alburgers at 88/6. Bacon firm, and 1/higher; market haxe o f Middles, and Cumberland brought 46/'2MT/. Lard quiet at 57/'^'58/6. Tallow slightly higher, with a good demand ; Butch- ers', 59/^59/6.Mr. SEARLES moved to lay the resolution on the table.Motion lost.longing to Mr. Harny, valued at 820,000.The Or'egonian has a report that Lieut Muffin's com-Mr. GtovEit moved the following «*-a substitutesRetotved. That a case b e made-to b e submitted-to the Justices*, of the Supreme Court, as to the ^octtitutioneXright of th»-Legis- lature of thi« State to pass any law requiriug<tho-resding of a. por- tion of the Bible, or any other religious book, mt tab opening osT the PublicSchools,oranyof'thorn.LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—The Brokers' Cir-American Convention.LER.taking ground against it on the plea that pro-rata could not be applied to Canals; that no complaint or discrimination had been made against Canals, and that Canal forwarders had never discriminated against citi- z e n s o f t h e . S t a t e , a n d t h e r e f o r e i t w a s n e e d l e s 3 t o a p -lg JKtinctly. Itwasonethatshouldnothavebeenmade.6£d. Thebillshouldbesufferedtostanduponitsmerits,and thepeopleofOregon.Montgomery as Chairman, and H . M . Collier of ply the provisions of the bill to them.The ticket was completed as follows: poisons,the*principalsectionofwhichprovidesthatno For See.of Sto*#..NATHAWiBX,B.3TKVHKSofNorfolk.annexation of Savoy. The SPEAKER took the floor, and addressed the to Jan. 23, passed this station at 11\ o'clock, yesterday School, which was heated with CalverVfurnao* \ *°*The Patrie denounces the efforts of Sardinia to pre- House as follows: (Tuesday) morning, but in consequence of a severe thermometer on many of the coldest days tMs-VI fn*?rfirmed Philrp Frank Thomas of Md. as Commissioner Etheridge alone cist a vote for Galea & Seaton. If vent the Savoyards from expressing their desire for an- Sir, I have learned this morning from four or five storm of rain the trariamission oi the news has been could not be raised to 45 degrees at any aowroi t&emitted. > Itwasrumoredthatthetwogovernmentswerede-termined to recognize annexation to Sardinia as the only true solution of the Central Italy question.ten by a member on tbis floor, Baying that if this meas- ureistobedefeated,$100,000mustoesenttodefeatit with.Thememberwhowrotethatletteriswithinsound of my voice, and knows whether the charge is true or false. Sir, I speak what I do know, when I say that money is to be used by the opponents of this bill, towealth must so long remain unproductive. TheRepublicanStateConventiontoelectDelegates to the Chicago National Convention ie called for the22d of February.The Anti-Lecompton State Central Committee ad-journed without calling a State Convention to elect delegates to the Charleston Convention. There werefull information thnreon; and also, if practicable, some' eocora* planforimprovingthesameintheschool building*'notrooott— pwd. andintroductionintosuchasmayb<rboilt infuture, aot#' all action on pending propositions be deferred tiS. auc&'report bar submitted.After .some further discussion, thfr resolution" waaP adopted/-21 toir.•••1 Iinia' -Mr. XrorSTON (Dem., Ala.) waited to know what kind of mt»n be was, and perhaps he might vote for him.Mr. BONHAM would explain if he were in order. The Republicans should " announce the vote."Mr. FRY OR (Dem., Va.) changed from Mr. Gloss- brenner to Mr. Old.Mr. HAMILTON(Dem.,Texas)wantedto change his vote.Mi. GARNETT (Dem., Va.) objected, and demanded and Zurich are virtually annulled. The Western Pow- the bill. It was the duty of the Speaker to show the Afire occurred it San Francioco on the morning of Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) made an explanation of the yeaa and nay?. ers have commanded that no armed intervention shall facts, before he attempts to influence the House by the 23d of January in Montgomery street, betweenLATEST—By Magnetic Telegraph to Qalnaay.9 LONDON, Feb. 4,18,60.Speaker, asked how he dared, with such knowledge in Douglas delegated to tbe Charleston Convention by the street, rear Third avenue. Referred to tbe Finance* his possession, to continue this debate until he had Lecompton State Convention. Many leading Lecomp- Committee.Renewedcries from the Republicans, "Announce takeplaceinItalyunlessitispreviouslysanctionedby suchanimputation. Hescornedit. Yet,notforhim- Bushand"Sutterftreets,.consumingfivewoodenbuild-the vote."TheSPEAKER said Mr.Hamilton hada right tochange his vote.Mr. GARNETT appealed from the decision.the unanimous Approval of all the great European powers. Practically suchacondition.istantamountto absolute non-intervention.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.self—for he defied any man even to insinuate impropermotivesagainsthim—butonthepartofeverymemberof the House. He, too, had heard of the Clinton League—of a combination of foreigners who had raised andings valued at $20,000, and considerably damagingthe newMusicHall.The U . S. steamship Saginaw returned to- San Fran- cisco on the 22d of Januarv, from a feur'daye-trial trip,Mr.IX^LITFLEiRep.,Wis.)saidhewouldargue TheSPEAKERdirectedthenameofMr.Hamilton thequestionatthepropertime.Heregardeditasan tobecalled.absurditytosaythattheUnitedStatesCourthadjuris-[ dictka.ifthelawisunconstitutional.Yariousreports,petitions,andbillsofaprivatena- turewerepresented.Mr.CAMERONrJBep.,Pa.)moved totakeupthe »niforthereliefofthe widow of Gen.PersiferP. Smith. Agreed to. ThebidproposedtoplaceMrs. Smithonthepensionrollat$50permonth.Mr. TOOMBS said h e woula oppose it, and its fur- therconsiderationwasfhenpostponed.On motion of Mr. GRIMES, Mr. Davis's resolutionsMr. BYRriE moved to bay ou the table-.- Lost, #"to 21; , The CHAIR presented the resolutions of the muni- Nrc«-v»orv to a choice 92 I GloHiibrennor j 90 ardson, Spenee, & Co. report IF lour dull but steady at 23/'&2nj The motion prevailed, and, when the Committee to leave San Francisco, to take up his future-residence Mr. FARLEY moved to adjourn. Leet, 7 to 23rhave received the information from such a source thatITALY. to be understood that money is to be used by the op- tion in the New- Almeda Quicksilver Mine case. This fered the following resolution: .Broome, and J . J . Mastell of Schenectady, as Secre- Messrs. ROBINSON, MILLIKEN and JAQUES last mail|fiere is a further advance in Pork. Clear quot-Ji«tolv*di That th«- PoUasMter-Oeneral b*. and h e lie re by i», taries. The following Committees were appointed: spoke in favor of the proposition, holding that it was ing at $17 75 V bbL, and $9 50 for halves, and Meeeben, I>r. Rowland of Kings, and D. A. Fonda of Mont- gomery. • Among the moat prominent men are Erastus Brooksof New-York, C.B.Freeman, and Anson Spenee. BINGHAMTON, Wednesday, Feb. 15—p.m.The American Convention adjourned this evening.Beyond the names of the Committeemen, w e have I Mr. FLAGLER attempted to make the bill the been unable to learn anything of the proceedings, the.;- special order for to-morrow, but before. taking the Conventionsittingwithcloseddoors. Itisunderstood' questiontheHouse adjourned.that nearly every County in the State was represented,and that the Americans, in conjunction with the NativeUnion party, have appointed Delegates to the Wash-ington Convention.Correspondence ofTht) N . Y . Tribune.BINGHAMTON, Feb. 15,1860.Our usually quiet village haB been honored by theALBANY, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 1860. The nominations of Mr. Van Valkenburg for Harbor- Master and Mr. Lounsbury for Port-Warden were con-l0is going through those performance* with, an eye t o the betting, which was working oaiprofits (t,]r ^ ^arrival at the principal hotels within the last few hours Van Valkenburg. Messrs. Bell, S9ssions, and Fiero,of some dozen or BOof strangers from different quar- who last week voted against his confirmation, voted inters, delegates, it is understood, to a secret meeting, favor of it this week. Mr. Van Valkenburg was fully called by a self constituted Committee, consisting of indorsed by the Republican members of the Assembly,Bishop for the North-West to-day. 'The Steamer Plymouth Bock. favor, or whether he- thinks he- has an ©as,-' ? j o b fafoncan into the. National movement." Precisely what the measures proposed b y the Committee in relation totwo straight heats. wasthe winner.C f the sceoud race, Rosa Bonhe.Br.sort of a movement*this is no dear definition is vouch- safed ; whether escapement, back-action, over-shot, or what.the free colored population.The House passed nearly unanimously amendmentsto any existing acts b y which a contribution, amount- ing to $5,000 per annum, to the Colonization Society, iswithdrawn.RnvovnDCambridge c.aisle V FOX THH N . Y . TBUBTWTascertain, pretty much,the sole object of the meeting.That some have come to the meeting who will not betranferred to the Democratic party, I am entirely cer- Elder, Sylvester dt Vase, dealers in boots and. shoes tain. It is scarcely' disguised that to this oonflumma- at No. 25 Pearl street in this city, have failedi The tiontheleadersofthinmovementtodismisstheAmeri- amountoftheirliabilitieshasnot.beenstatedsbutitia can party in New-Y ork deeign things shall come a t last.To seduce aa many as possible into the scheme is theonly matter to be consulted over.I maygive you an account of the proceedings, o. r. of apoplexy. The House at once adjourned.night last. A nr^nber of witnesses were examined as N. B.-Beef Extra and V " a "made able arguments against the principle of the bill as unsound, lmpracticaele, a n d calculated to destroy the commerce or the State.There is a moderate demand from the country for all goods. The recent movement in Provisions isaren- eraliy considered premature, and likely to induce Ore- gon traders to kill their stock too freely..•Later from Mexico.NEW-ORXEANS, Wedneday, Feb. 15, 1860. The schooner Star has arrived here with Vera Cruzdates to the 10th inst.Miramon left the City of Mexieo on the 8th for VeraCruz with 5,000 men, and his advanoe-guard was re- ported to be at National Bridge.VeraCruzhadbeendeclaredinastateofsiege. The Saratoga was at Vera Cruz.•. «»Consecration of a Bishop.INDIANAPOLIS, la., Wednesday, Feb. 15, 1860. The Rev.J. C. Talbot, D. D.,was consecratedThe amendment to extend the provisions of the billMr. MILLINGTON then proposed to strike out the enacting clause, in order to speak at length in favor of the bill, and also in favor of the reimposition of tolls on railroads. ,After further debate, the Committee rose aud re-terranfean. She left Genoa, Deo. 20; Naples, B e e Meesina, Jan. 1; Malaga, Jam 13; and €fcibraitar,15. Experienced-head winds most of tbe passage .2 5jm,ported progress.firmed by the Senate to-day, after a two-hours'session.The Senate stood 18to 12 on the confirmation of Mr.-^ItiaBaidthatSayershasbeen-onafrollaeve since r'.BOSTON, Wednesday, Feb. 15, I860.From Albany.Christmas. A few nights ago, while under thy a influ- ence of liquor, he quarreled with, and rough/ ••; Harry Broome, a n d another well-known pugilist vf ^hom h e had previously defeated ia the Ring. W7 ther hewell known that they have been doing a large business, for some time past.VERDICT O F T H E CORONER'^ JUR Y -NO CLUE TOT2UE MURDERER.Coroner Jackman, ,oa Wednesday morning, con- cluded the investigation of the murder of William S,* The Den^ *" ^-^ ** Convention assembled in this minuteP, returned with the following verdic*: "Wefindthatthedeo«*a«d,Wm.8.Toen,cam*tohisAosifc.Apetitionwaspresentedaakingforrepealofthelaw oityjto-dayr &&the largest andmostenthusiastcoha r h e He remarked„on taking <*• - - % ***** TMTMumph in April,An infonnal. ballot for Governor ^talcen, with home. The foreman of the Jury stated that hehadclamation, after taking a n informal ballot, whicfe was , .„ , „ ^ ........... ....... w v w tract from the minutes of u. ^. . rrrTJ*T ^de.onadvisableto berectifiedbypottik*»P 2 *!£& £*u dence shall be attached thereto, except in wholesale tions to nominate Delegates to Charleston. -They re umn«, and girders running longitudinally tb- basement, nrw^eor-Onmotion,thecorr<ssi>ondenee»f4re8aidwasordered »encerelativetotherumored annexationofSactonyto ThebilltoincorporatetheNew-York Homeopathic By Counties—Col. A. G.Hszrard,HartfordCounty:-Mahlon to-bereportedtotheB«erd,withbo*anyreeommeada-CALIFORNIA.The Nineteenth Ward ackedf6r$41,225 for buHduag- Mr. ROBERTSON, in reply to an insinuation of the indications that an attempt would be made to elect and heating a new school -house ID Seventy-nintS.Tlic London Times . (City .Article) says the funds moved for a Committee of Investigation ? If his infor- tonites were manefesting Douglas prociivitiesj includingopened on Friday with great steadiness, and an im- provement of an eighth, which w.^3 well maintained throughout the day. I 'Mr. Hutt, member for Gateshead, h a s accepted the Vice-Presidency of the Board of Trade, vacated by Mr.Cowper.Mr. GH.DKRS7.RKVE (13th) presented a^letterto the>- attention of the House from Miss Fowlor, the Princi-*- pal of Primary Nov 21, requaating an et»mmatiou o f that building, as she thinks it unsafe:TheCommitteeonRepairs wasauthorizedtoinsti- tute an examination.Amotion wasmade to mafie the Ajamvemary-otf* Washington's Birthdav a holiday. Lost.The special order of business, the consideration of ft- Daily Normal School,'was then taken up. It wwr madethespecialorderforthe first meeting in-March.The Board then took up the unfinished business beet* shownbythefollowingextract fromthe-minutest" Mr. F ASS offered for adoption thrfoUowingpTSmtMo-sni.' revolutions: •. *'•'.• •'Whereat, It is understood thafabil! hwbeetL prMoated tofts*- StateLesis'aturenowins**»ion,altenttgtnoaseirisviiytheorgani- zationofthisBoard,asWellasthelocalBoardsLathistatyr therefore, • - - •'*•"••in#t as follows: i "'AndthatthesaidCommitteeheinstructedto«xerttheir«ir-ergiestosecure,inanyactthatmaybepeeeed,explicit rjtfhsrity- tocausethereadingofaportionoftheBibleattheda&yopecw ing ofeachschoolundertnejssisdictionof^tbisBoamL'mation were so reliable as he had asserted, how daredhe withhold the full facts and indulge only in insinua-tions ? If it were not reliable; how dared ne make theinsinuationatall1 Wasitatricktoinfluencetheaction $900.of ibe House on the bill ? If so it was most unworthy. A letter had bei>n received in San Francisco from theactually expended money to push forward this-petscheme.Buthescornedtomakeanyuseoftheknowl- havingencounteredveryneavyseasaudstorma. Shebehavedadmirably,andherCommander,Schenck,ex- pressedhimselfperfectlysatisfiedwithhermovements.OREGON. •ThesteamerColumbiaarrivedatSanFranciscoouduringthevotingabsentedhimself,hurriedlyentered. marketdosed quiet,thoughsteady. Thesales ofFridaywere heard. Herepudiated^anyintention to influencethe the22dult., witb Oregondates!tothe12th,Washing-, "Air.FAIRMAJTmovedtosjaendtberesolutionaforeiucdfcyadd—-—the new Senator sleet, Mr. Latham.All that remained of the steamer Northerner recent-mand had completed nesjrlyjthreelbnudred miles of the wagon-road between the Walla iWalla and Fort Ben- ton(on the Missouri River.) They were snowed inBRITISH COLUMBIA.TheRightRev.BishopHill hadpreached hisfirstAUGUSTA, Monday, Feb. 13, 1860.The first race here to-day was won by Congaree ia. nexttsrsn, in defiwH of bail.W A"* * « • * •* «»»Marine Disaster*97Stores,consistingofWorkingOxer, jWutTMjP"Beevessad The brig Rebecca and Francis, from Ne ?r-Xork, « two, and tbxee-jear olds. ' " " ^ ^ Cows, and one,ing to tbe debate on the proposed Betterment law> in Tuerf, who was f'>und dead In State street on Friday flidei, KtfW*. Jp- lb. Tail 797which he felt much interest, suddenly fell and expired.' • New-*tLonclon Railroad.NKW-HA VKN, Wednesday, Feb. 15,1860. The annual meeting of the New-London Railroadto the charact«'>f of Mrs. McClester, who was arrested ou the suspicion that she was the female who was seen in company with the deceased a few moments previousbe»t, larse, fat, stall-fed O SVI^ f e d ^ t f & ^ d ' ^ottr<>WSUo,Fire in Elizabeth City, W. € .NonroXK, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 18G0. A destructive fire ha* occurred a t Elizabeth City, N . C. Fortyhouseswereburned,involvinggreatlossto Messrs.GaHrins,Cobb,Poole>Wheeler,andothers.Many families are without shelter or means of support.The insurance is but partial. The fire was the workofanincendiary,andgreatexcitementhasbeencausedJvoteofthankswaspassedtotheofficers,whenthei"Whateverwasthrownuponthematter,andthemjarder *]ffily2f£bV* WMt9thK l*M*s»»udprionssiTWB»s)da»sB\t8e.Untitled DocumentMURDER.*ep tc Lambs. Horse*.• • sSTEAMER PLYMOUTH- ROCK.—The- alarmO1New-Ha»p*hixeVermont Massachusetts............... 80 Now-Y ork.....1 ............. 25 Western. 170jtw, T&7JC. $ 1 75 each. Cair-8kins, 10»' J?T> W I '2196X0 TT0 7»02.120- — —Pelts, 91 && N. B.-Beef Extra and F ^ q a a U t y incladesnothing bat theo f B u l U , « d t h • r ^ ^ ; o 7 ^ JJSS^SSSf''^iMm CoweU, s a d when thoM of tafodoc*'.*°J*^&VTT.ffdoharsei! wltKbn&'^^S^ZbJf»si>AT, '/eb. 15,1589.w: www.fultonhistory.com 