 i.391 a> 9!*W^ 90 .ex. 78 i»80 31 ® 32 ...,,,.100 2>105in the United States, or any land telegraphic line over •which intelligible dispatches have been sent. New- Orleans,-to an inquiry of Portland as to the time, re-,'%«*fi30 • 25 25 20The vote was again taken upon the motion of J. M. De Saussure to commit, and apparently negatived.Mr. Winsmith addressed the House, and thought the matter of reference or non-reference was the only matter of contention. He thought the Federal Rela- tion Committee was an improper body to commit there- solution to, because in a few days all our federal rela- tions would be abrogated. He apprehended that even now the House was fully ready to adopt or reject the resolution, and he asked why was any delay created.The House again voted on the question, to commit, and the Chair decided in the negative.The resolution was adopted, and the Chair asked in- dulgence in the appointment of the Committee.THE EXCITEMENT IN TEXAS.,€orrc»po)ideacc of The N. Y. Tribnrje,SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Dec. 7. 1800.• The fuss here in consequence of Lincoln's election i* enormous. How or in what it will terminate it wimpossible at this stage to conjecture. I believe myself that things will very greatly cool down hero after the chivalry have had a little time to cool. There is, how- ever, at present, a greater, state of excitement than IVjsimpreseed, and tranquillity prevails.ADDITIONAL FROM EUROPE.0 —BY THE Et?ROPA AND NORTH BRITON.Irived at Falernib on the 1st insf., where he vras erithu- •la^ticr.lry received.The Bishop of Loretto had excommunicated the clergy of Santa Carta for receiving Victor^Kmanuel..The Rio Janeiro mails of November ha'd Reached I>ifcbon. Cofl'ee-rGood first were quoted 5j|600; stock,TEE SECESSION MOVEMENT. armaments of the three forts they expect to take, would enable the hew Republic to make quite a warlike appearance; to say nothing of tlie littlespecial committee »s, therefore, the only right disposi- tion to be made of the subject.Mr. Pope explained that it was not his desire to have the subject matter of the resolution referred to the Federal Relations Committee, but simply to referquestioned upon the subject of Slavery, and on his an-. hwcririg unfavorably toward the "sacred system," j ^ was seized and lynched with a rope. On the next morning tho cotton-gin and 100 bales of cotton, belong,e ,..-.-•"""" T VNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER U, I860GiETA TQJ3E-ATTACKED BI LAND. 40.000 bags.;The Calcutta and China mails, reached Malta on the HrHont I>Iirt*?rlMMtc^ In Hungary. 29th. Thenewshadnotbeentransmitted.in' the hands of the Governor, wh'o, with the purse, which is likewise to be enlarged, and giv-Mr. Coffin thought a Special Committee ought to be appointed. It was an important consideration. It will involve great questions to commercial men of Charles- ton. Therightof clearingvesselsafteroursecessionthis city was, to >1 qi'h-itionfrom tie of the Governor c evening. He.PUT beforeicaving ths <?erarre*t. Aftoi Deputy Sheriff, textent, and there town.'"F*iend*^>f tii ders-tanding the I reporter* not t« thing iibould be k a spirit of accomiknowingly if we bad no certified fi extraordinary prt the merchant hire"Wenowhe&i • his prisoner reachnne'et had been Vickxburgors f/O an officer from Northward a w»d New-Orleans. I results. TJbe Ills ing, and was glnr] The merchant w lateness, and w;ilventure with !;i<- There wasa'cr between our rr.a once associated in law-suits on bo«land in Cairo. IA tained judgment a $2,600Vj&OOe; property in Dim* stronger than tha arrested and.'takeAlexander Noi street, was the diopped at Vick* WHS one Davi.-. v the steamer ^Ve«tSA1The Albany (<xident:" Just then a n<ers, the market closing qniet but irregular. PHOVISIOXH quiet- The steamship North Briton, from Liverpool'Nov. LONDON, Saturday evening, Dec. 2.—COXKOI.S closed to-day athow the leaders in South; Carolina talk, and how is said, that all South Carolinians, both in the and it is best now to appoint this special Committee,planter, told me that the murdered man had not been«aSta»The Turin journals assert that a diplomatic intcr- groes on board, by the United States steamer San^ e i a s e is soon to be resumed between Prussia andVictor Emanuel.The Roman province of Velletri has been occupied ~hr the French troops at the request of the Roman•Qovernment and agreement of Sardinia.of this State, withdrawing the Stato from the Federal Union, theForty volunteers from the Duchy of Castro had in--roded the "Loan Azapendente," disarmed the Papal The second batch of prisoners consist's of Capt. Lo-aoldiers, and hoisted the arms of Savoy. The Papal retto Ruez, alias Latham, Captain of the slaver Cora,^Governor escaped.and the rest of the crew of the Cora.This makes 1,500 negroes found on' slavers withinTURKEY.Constantinople dates of the 21st sav that the Bulga- the last few weeks. An idea of the expense this tradereferred to the Committee onMilitary and Pensions: wives. Give us work."- Two or three of the largest thought of interfering with the slaves. I am well "will the swoird.be drawn; South Carolinians will A BII.I. TO ?HOV)I« FOR OUR COAST AND HAR'HOK DKI'XNHKH. known to several gentlemen in this city; among others, "consider the movement a casus belli, audi we Be it enacted by the Senate And House of Representatives, /wo machine shops have discharged all their workmen, and Mr. D. C. Glenn of Gravier street, and Mr. Carrollrian community proj>ose to secede. The Porte refused attaches to the Government may be formed from the-them a separate patriarchate.' AUSTRIA. tSerious disturbances with loss of life are reported at .JDebreezin and Epereries, Hungary, on the 26th.bounty item, which alone amounts to $37,500. Wan-ants were issued to the Marshal, who took all the prisoners into custody. It is expected that someof the prisoners will make startling developments inmet and sitting in General Assembly, and by authority of (he all othei-s will soon suspend operations. I see no prospect of Carondolet street. I have kept a garden at th*same, That the Governor of this State is hereby empowered topowc of any amelioration of the money market for some time «omer of Prytania and Polvmuin streets, and on Campstreet. Two years ago I "went to Mississippi City toA Paris correspondent says tnatno Government has relation to this trade, in order to save a trial. It appearsmade any overtures to Austria respeetiug the session or from the statements of the seamen sent on as wittiesses,including officers and privates, each to be undt«r command of ais a part of the purpose of Carolinians to P. many houses in this city will be added to the failures George P . Black, merchant, of Gravier street. Iskillful sea captain, to be appointed by the Governor, aud to holdtake the forts within the next two. weeks. They their officii at'his will, and at the rate of compensation now which have taken place in all portions of the country.purchases of Venetia. •*PRUSSIA.II. Steiher, Director of Police, had been dismissed.that when the officers aeized the Cora, Latham claimed.that he was a passenger and a Spaniard, and that hishame was Loretto Ruez. This story, from the sur-rdrinding circumstances, ajjpeared to be probable. Ruezplaced my two little boys, eleven and seven yean* ot allowed by law to officers and marinesof like grade in the Navy The present is a period of much agitation and anxiety age, in the care of David Mugner and bis wife,COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.which was captured in the Congo River, with 7;>0 ne-Jacinto. The Bonita was first taken to Monrovia, where the negroes were landed; thence she was taken to .Norfolk, where proceedings to condemn her will be instituted.F R O MTrow ppr. O^CorreapoiidentfC A R O L I N A .Colonelcontemplatesanysuchstep.The steamship Persia arrived at.Liverpool on the 2d. which vessel has been in commission about 17 months, to supply invective to express the scorn of the "I am sincerely sorry that as yet I cannot com- consideration of the House.yteiunship Kangaroo, from New-York for Liverpool. Congo RiVer by the U. S. steam-frigate Sun Jacinto,gland. ThehumanmindisnotinventiveenoughS O U T Hj^ayy which? the; billJnovyS b^rei^thev^egismtiire the resolution to it, and hear what it recommends^— ing to the ringleaderof this band of Southern chivalryCHARLESTON, Dec. 8, 1860.I wish that Mr. Corwin and his Congressional Committee, if they entertain the slightest hopeprovides for. All these are virtually to be placed whether a Special Committee or not.was found to be in ashes. It was enough. The cow- ardly blood-hounds again seized the poor man who hid .been lynched ROunmercifully by them, put him into a pork barrel, with some stones, headed him up tightly and rolled him into the Mississippi River. ISouthern gentlemen, a negro trader, and a cotton4*iof doing anything to keep the Union together, en over to him, will have despotic power. .is now in agitation among onr merchants. The period . LJVXKPOOI COTTON MAKKKT, Dec. 2,1860,—The sales of Cot- could, for the brief space of thirty minutes, hear The belief prevails- here, on good Authority, it is not. far distant when we shall be out of the Union,ton yesterday reached 6,000 bales, including 500 bsles to export--Army and Navy, Will resign when the" ordinance crmpoFed of legal gentlemen and commercial men, sobeen reduced to 5 #• cent, and not 5£, as stated in Wednenday a Confederacy held together solely by public sen- of Secession shall have been adopted. Is Col. arises. The, Federal Committee, he *ascertained, is any person in regard to Slavery. How much longer39,-ria Londonderry 30th, arrived at Portland at II 93S"®93J for money and'accomit. The bank rate of interest had all efforts at conciliation are viewed. If this isthat due consideration may be given to everything,that known to *peak to a negro and had not interfered with.veJock on Wednesday night.The «teai»ship Kuropa arrived at Halifax at 7 o'clock•on Thursday morning, from Liverpool at 10 a. m. of tb© 1st met., via Qucenstown the 2d. She has 50 pas- gangers, and $530,000 in specie. The Enropa passed, !>©©. 1, going into liverpool,.ships Garcia, E. C. Scran-V», ' C C. Dxmcao, Norway, and Wm. Tapeobtt. The seized by our men-of-war on the African station, i&he Enropaspoke,onthe4thinst,,lat,51°26*,Ion.18°04', isthebrigBonita,ofNew-York,andwastakenofFtheNorthern «'brethren." The case is beyond hope. municate to The Mercury who I am. On that We have no Committeeof Navigation, and other The steamship Anglo-Saxon, from Quebec, arrived having sailed from New-York on the 26th of July, 1859. Committees, like the Congress of the United.States.morning's New-Y ork papen".THE BONITAmostly composed of lawyers, and it is to obtain anSLAVER.ities? ' '.••-'•..terly hopeless, so far as South Carolina is con- Moultrie ? Coupled with this suggestion, I will Mr. Rhett explained the object of the resolution. No Northern man i* safe in thn South now. It mat-timent, and one that the bonda of fraternal feel- H'ager remaining here to assume the commanding only can hold together, then the case is ut- of the South Carolinians in the attack on Fort that he advocated a special Committee.will the Free North eat. dirt and submit to such barbar-cerned, and I believe all the Cotton States. remark that the relations between that officer and He understood that there were verv manv practical ters not how fervile a Democrat may have been, or questions arising, which ought to be thoroughly under- may now be; if he is from the "accursed North" it i»FULL ACCOUNT OF HER SEIZURE.An briefly stilted yesterday, another slaver has been Words are too weak to express the disgust they those at Fort Moultrie are the most intimate and stood. He did not see gentlemen looking into the ob-have for the Free States, especially New-En-cordial, and reject the idea, that the gallant ject of his resolution. It was not to jperfect anything sufficient. Northern men are being driven away fromtobeconsideredbythisspecialCommittee,buttohave New-Orleans. Cincinnati steamboatsare refused a all these subjects thought over and presented to the landing at the wharf there. And here in Memphi*,JA Londonderry on the 29th nit. The San Jacinto left Kabenda, where she put in for Mr. Corwin's compromises will be like giving precise point I can only say that the "Commit- These;subjects will have to be.looked to. And then their Northern clerks and workmen. They are dailyThe United States steameT Dacota was at the Cape water, on the 6th of October, and on the 10th, at 8 a. medicine to a dead man, for whom nothing is " tee is not ready to report." On the other there is tln/*.natter of clearances, the protection of the leaving. Some have been turned off, and have not the ballot boxes, &c. It will not do for the people of the means to get home again up the river. It is truly de-•f Good/Hope, to sail for China Oct. 22. . m., saw a brigantine without colors beating toward the possible but a decent burial. W e are told that branch of the inquiry, whether the correspondent North to come down and overthrow us at the polls. TheUnitedStatessteamerSumterarrivedatSt. north.Steamwasimmediatelygotup,extra8ail8'put afterdeathcomes,theresurrection..Itistothat ofTHETRIBUNEhadnot"bettergohome,"Ican AHthesematters:willhavetobejprovidedfor. Theplorable. I have noticed many cockades and blue ro- Helena Oct 18. on, and a vigorous chaee commenced. The stranger stage of the case that Mr. Corwin and his Com- say that I am decidedly of the negative opinion; resolution simply asked for a special Committee, the settes. If the North yields ona inch in this crisis, IThe Chinasquadron was thns distributed at last ad- kept on her conrse gallantly, with all canvas loose. A better to-obtain consideration for these matters, and to hope perdition will light upon it. The battle is morevkea: The John;Adams was at Foo-Chow. and the gun from the frigate attracted the attention of those on turn their attention. If they can resurrect, all for some time yet. ' ' • ' ... ' (\action, &c.Mr. Mullins saw great propriety in the whole mat-Hartford, and gunboat Saginaw at Shanghae. board the Bonita, but was disregarded. A second shot, very well. I f Mr. C , or any one else, however, and the increasing speed of the pursuer in-GREAT BRITAIN. duced the brig to heave to. Lieut. Foster, U. S. N., has the power to replace the fragments The Empress Engenie was visiting Manchester, and Lieut. Broome of the. Marines, then put out for the of the Union, and reform them into a homo-where her reception was cordial. .The Town Council .kad presented her an address. Her proposed vitdt toLiverpool bad been abandoned. 'Tbe Empress Eugenie was to visit the Queen atter. At first it was not apparent to him, but he nowCOLUMUIA, Dec. 8, I860.. saw, that with the future action of the Convention so rights of humanity, after a little sputtering all will hemittee may legitimately, and perhaps profitably, and further, that I do not intend to "go home" have them reported to the House, with suggestions ofthan half won; the outer redoubts of the Slave Power are taken, and if the North, if the American people are but true to themselves, to Freedom, and the greatgeneous whole, the work is surely worthy of hisConsiderable evasion was used to shift the responsi- best efforts. But be first should know what instructed to inquire what measurea are nece»Hary for the defensebrig and boarded her..bility of command, but that the game was up became South Carolina, and probably most of the Cotton and protection of tho^epacoast of the Stato; said Committee toPeople's Convention. With so near an approach torevolution, it was eminently proper for the appoint- Windsor Castle on Tuesday, Dec. 4, and return home evident in a moment—the crew of the slaver crying States, want. With her, lying at the bottom of Mr. Moses; from the Committee on the Judiciary, ment of a Special Committee, having under considera-in the evening.The Insurance Ctompany in which defalcations to the Out faintly toward the hatch: "You've got 'em; all this Secession business, is the opening of the much of the report of the Commissioner of the Code W. G. DeSaussure thought the Committee on Fed-•amwtrot of £10,000 Sterling had been discovered, is they're down there." Asfmea cargo of negroes as Afrftan slave-trade. South Carolina will strug- as relates to accounts, and asked that said accounts be eral Relations was the proper one to refer this matter *b* British Empire. The system adopted was the same the most ambitious trader could desire was then intro- referred to the Committee on Claims, which requestrawPuffinger*!!. a,fulifted pass-book, the delinquent be- ing Mr. Inglwih,late Secretary of the Company.gle to keep out of any connection that does not was granted. He also reported on so much of said re- to. It is charged with all relations between ourselves duced to the new comers. Males and females were all realize this object. She demands cheaper ne- and our sister States. When we go oat of the Union, perfectly naked, but iu good health and clean. They port as refers to the distribution of the Statute Laws, it will be resolved into the Committee on Foreign Re- had only been out about twenty-four hours, and were groes. It squares with her conscience, her as follows: One copy to each, member of the Legis- lations, and, as such, will take consideration of allFKANCE,XI was rumored that Prince De la Tour Dauvergne, fresh from Punta de Lenha, the chief slave depot on three copies to the Library at Columbia, and the that it was proper to make the reference indicated.Trench Embassador at Berlin, will shortly replace M. the station, whore it is faid there are no less than sev- get them to open the African slave-trade, which balance to be placed in the Law Library. Ordered forThe vote was taken on committing the resolutions to the Committee on Federal Relations. The Chairthe other by a negrese. Well, well, this hurt,is certain-Thou veuel in the Foreign Ministry.The Legislative concessions just granted were being.generally canvassed by the press." The Liberal jour- nals regarded them favorably.Reports had been current that the meeting of the Corp* Legislatif was to be hastened; but the JPpyxenteen* " factorit-s'" or exchanges, in which the negroes the whole civilized world beside haa united in consideration on Monday.The following is given as the position of affairs at burden.. Her ownership has not transpired. She*" month., .1 ration^day. I* day. •$>' day. y1 day. •F'day. w"day. «>' day. & day.Clafita on the 19th: The Piedmonteee fleet had re-turned to Naples, the intention being to make an at-cleared from New-York on the 16th of July, with pa-& month;. •#" mouth., month.. month..leek on the land side. The advanced Piedmontese pers for St. Thomas and a market, and took 47 days toposts were 1,500 meters from the mole and forts. They goto the coast: and steering direct from the last'»i were placing mortars in line to open fire, and three out of five batteries constructing were ready. The be- ftieged kept up a fire to impede the construction of thekaUerien, out. ineffectually. Typhus fever prevailed innamed port to Punta de Leuha, where'she got the blacks.The Captain of the Relief yesterday reported him-1 rationFOR CAVALRY SKRvrcK.—Each officer, non-commissioned • ftjeer, private, and musician, shall provide their own horBe, and shall be allowed, the same pay and irations a* are allowed in the infantry service, with the addiition for forage for each horso em-ever before witnessed.who shows anything like a dispotsition to acquiesce iu Lincoln's election. I am not certain but all of tha Cotton States will go out of the Union, but do not nowthe garrison, which was too crowded, numbering self to the United States Marshal. The officers and 13,000. The Piedmontese numbered 15,000.Mr. Prince, pursuant to notice, introdnced a bill tosuspend by process of law the proeechtion of all debtsdiie by the citizens of this State to the residents of thenou-slayeholding States. Referred to the Committee believe any of them will be guilty of such folly butA state of siege was established in the Abruzri.All persons bearing arms without permission, excit-~t*»shot.Cavour's reply to the recent Prussian dispatch, inand behaved in the most exemplary manner daring the Cavour insists that the question of the Umbrian whole voyage, for which they received the thanks of-which the Sardinian policy was censured, is published.the people. The election having taken place, the question p.as passed from them.; The State and all its interests are at the mercy of the Conven- tion. Its powers are extensive, not the least of which are. those of a legislative character.It may seem not a little remarkable that a people so intent on pulling down the old Govern- ment should be wholly undecided, and apparently unconcerned as to the character of the new one.Marches and the Two Sicilies is purely Italian, in no -»ray sifectingthe rights of other powers. He points « o t that Sardinia is the only conservative power in Italy capable of overpowering the really revolution- auy spirit, but warmly appeals for European sympathyinstead of rebuke.A Commercial Convention had been ratified betweenSardinia, and the Hanse towns.NAPi.r.s,.Nov. 30.—A commission, comprised of Sar-the Belief's officers and men.TTie slave-trade is said to be becoming so dangerousa calling now on the. coast that slavers are growing " small by degrees and beautifully less." Light car- goes and quick clippers are out of date, the chances of escape being so dubious that every soul a craft can carry is.put on board, the speculators averring that!$2on privates, and 10 percent on general tax for every absence from parade.AMfSKMKNTS |N' CHARtKSTOrf.The Evening News of Saturday says:A •prize-fight took place early this morning at therear of Accabee, between two men of the name ofindication that Texas designs attaching herself to any Southern Confederacy, as that she means, in case of disunion, to set up an independent government of hoi own.LOUISIANA.ADVJSKTVKES Or AN IIUSHXA.V IN TriK 50t'TK.From The Xcw-Orlran* lite, 9th l>c<-.for sale are concentrated.The captors of the prize were not a little astonished dition she may attach hersejf—whethe/ a South-Mr. Allen, pursuant to "notice, introduced a bill torovidefor the Foreign Diplomacy of South Carolina, and a division was called for. , law was necessary to prohibit " niggers" from wearing{arge bundle of 1to find ou board some of the orew of the Cora, who ern. Confederacy, an Oligarcny, or representativedeferred to the Committee on Federal Relations.Mr. Leeesne, as Chairman of the Committee of the Whole of yesterday, reported the bill to provide anMr. Cuningham said that the resolution was to deter- mine what measures were to be raised, so that the House could determine, when the State seceded, thevails to distinguish them from white persons. Is it to be determined by the action of the American peoplo that the Constitution was really made for such pur- poses, as the Southerners claim ? 1 hope that every Northern legislature will stand firmly by the law« ofperiodicals of a li! the middle of Brc with camphene, a torch {at the hixvC diate Secewdor.i* plaudits of the enEXTENSn C The negroes, bvl eend^ece&aed, i TennT^bn Monday very high, and th« of every on^. Ox and young, were t^823 14 apiece. m.s J. From The Mr. Cobb's bn from hi* charge so,det-perate' strait, opposite to that < pablic opinion to work of debtroyj^ or two. Our.ow•closely occupn-d ix branch of the. pal inallv the goardi abeUing the work' riOnietb in all t h have so far succe Treasury of the means of obacrv ;iti done more than a to make the set tit the Union Well -i si^tentlv using fbKlengthen the ha preference to CT:TU the existing Qov< been at the oott' tn tegrity of the court trust, which the o\ meutly. to the ues all kinds—^tockr, good»', wares, and iLET Tl 'The SU Joseph (article on secession " If thev leavc- bc a Ropufclican n House. A Tariff iwiupass; Kansas wiH be free; river Central Pacilic Kaiit8formswill.be re advantage to the pj access and dteun*-.LETTER FROMwrjra the meeting will not take place before the usual were put on shore at an isolated part of the coast. The Monarchy, she will prove a pestilent member.i m o The Senate, however, will meet earlier, in San Jacinto kept alongside the Bonita, towing her a'l If she is left to set up for herself, she will be aArmed Military Force, upon which the Committee had matter of postal affairs, clearance of vessels, a warecder to regulate the execution of the recent Imperial decree.The Bourse was firm; Rentes, 70f. 35c.TJbe French troops in- Syria were taking up Winter quarters. *night; had the slave galleys set np, and next morningsent her to Monrovia to land the 713 slaves, who are to blotch. Having for her prime object the opening be taken charge of by the United States (Srovernment of the piratical, slave-trade, and the indefinitedecided.On motion of Mr. Marshall, the bill was laid on thetable temporarily, and the House bill taken up for con-department, a naval department, and every preparationfor carrying on the government that was necessary.To make all these preparations a special committeeagent. The slaves, notwithstanding their number,expansion of the slave system, less than this shesideration. On motion; then, all of the House bill, was necessary, and it was equally necessary for a their States, as there is no doubt in the mind of anyafter ,the enacting clause, was stricken out, and the bill special committee to be formed, so that it might sit - legal unprejudiced man, but that the Fugitive Slave actof Committee of the Whole inserted as an amendment. while the Convention was in session, and prepare of 1850 is. unconstitutional and void. The South iacrews of the United States ships on the station wereflers. -A."; •ployed in «aid service.FOR T H E AKTII.I.KRV SitRvfcK.—Eaeh officer, non-commiu-sioned officer, private, and musician shall be allowed the same pay and rations as are allowed the infantry service, with the ad- dition of forage for each horse employed in such service. Each artillery company shall furnish their own horses.Each sergeant, corporal, private, and musician, who shall be called into the active service of the State, shall be allowed'two suits of clothes, two caps, and two pairs of shoes, in additiou to the pay and rations hereiubefore allowed. The commutation of each ration shall be. 30 cents. The commutation of forage for each horse $ 8 per month. The commutation for clothing for eacN fioldier, per year, shall be #15.Several amendments were made to the bill aud with- drawn.On motion of Mr. Bryan the .title of the bill wa« amended so as to read, " A Bill to Provide a Military-Force."Mr. Marshall notified the Senate that he inight wish fought for one hour and twenty minutes, and they gotwell, and their location was the same as reported on-ang the peasantry, or insulting the national flag, arw to Tuesday. The Bonita's and Coras crews volunteered It is no part of the plan of South Carolina toon the Judiciary.Mr. Weston offered ffBill to amend the Militia lawsSouth Carolina, and I heartily wish she was out and would stay out.tododutyon "short commons" on board theRelief, submit the result of the Convention's labors toof the State in relation to fines for non-attendance atCompany muster. This bill imposes a penalty-of $15 In almost every county in Texas the Lone Star flag is on commissioned and $10 on non-commissioned officers, hoisted. I do not so much regard this symptom as auand Neapolitan officers, has been appointed to " it's as good to be hung for an ea#le »&for a dollar."wiwiiiie the titles of officers of the Two Siciles, who UNITED STATES DISTENT-ATTORNEY'S OFFICE— under which they are so soon to be brought. IfLast night Lieut.'Mazerat brought to the SecondJtarve adhered to the new Government.A s important reactionary demonstration, cansed byDKC. 13.rails in the town of Handsboro', Mississippi, by the Vigilance Committee there, who have already hanged a desperado and suspected Abolitionist named Macin- tosh, and have in jail another suspected Abolitionist,named David Magner. The Committee eent lisson on from Mississippi City by the steamer Creole, consigned to the New-Orltanp police, with the request that he be passed on northward. He was consequently taken iu.Governor, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, will be very little of the good old Christmas cheer charge at the Lake end when the Creole arrived lastshajl appoint Representatives of the grade of Envoys Extraordi- under many a roof where the hearth was wont to blaze evening, and the Third District 1lieutenant broughtnary and Ministers1 Plenipotentiary to the following countrie*. brightly, and the little ones to heap blessings on their him np town, that Chief McClelland might take siction who shall receive an annual compensation for their services notexceeding the amount specified herein for each, that is to say: common patron saint for his kindly remembrance of in the matter. We saw the man in th* police cell last, To-Great Britain, —— dollars; to France* dollars; to Spain, night, and found him quite communicative. The fol-dollars; and to Itn«si«. dollars: whose term of office them. Hundreds of mechanics are out of employment lowing is his own statement:•hall be six y^eurs, unless sooner recalled by the Legislative au- and their cry is, ''. Down with Disunion! This Gov- " I am an Irishman by birth, and agardener by trade,thority of the Mate.Mr. Allen also, agreeably to previous notice, submit- ernment is good enough for u«. No more agitation—it and came to New-Orleans in 1848; intending to maketed the following bill, which was read a first time and brings idleness to us, and starvation to our children and it my home. I have obeyed the laws, and neverThe storeship Relief arrived at this port this morn- neal persons were arrested, and the demonstration was ng. She brings two sets of prisouers, all of whomthe leaders have any plan or ideas on this sub- ject, they have not developed them. Admiration for the English form of Government is frequently expressed. It is probable, however, that the present State organization, so far as it is appli- cable to Carolina's separated condition, will be retained. Any changes that are made will beafter the other Cotton Spates have acted. . • Concerning the strengthening of Fort Moultrie, The Courier makes a remark which fully corrob- orates what I have so frequently said. " Just so "soon as more troops are.sent to the forts in " Charleston," says The Courier, " t h a t momentHjhe priests and lazzaroni, tqok place yesterday. Sev-STATE OF BUSINESS IN VIRGINIA. .From Owr Own Correspondent.RICHMOND, Ddc. 11, I860.The past, month has been one of uiiparalled dullueeswere captured while engaged in the slave-trade. The It is currently reported that Francis II. had fled from first batch are the officers and crew of the brig Bonita,was taken into Loanda for the purpose of being landed."TIMJB«nkotEnglandreduceditsrateofdiscountonThursday Unfortunatelyforhim,however,he.wasobligedintheland,theybullythePresident,totheendthattheordinarybusinessoftheHOHSC.Itwasmerelytoavoided,andthatitisbettertolosesomethingincreditneededanythingIcouldbuyiuthecity.Iwentinto!fro*u t>to i •f' cvoU 'The movement bad no eilect upon the funds.TJM» aVmajid for money on the following day wa> very active, first instance to be introduced to the naval officers on -i*ptn at the Bank and iu the open market. The ratv for the beat the station. Much to his chagrin, Ruez was immedi- hliln m the Ureet was i\a$ -j* cent. The American advice*the capture of the forts may be comparatively call attention to such matters as will be necessary in than much in actual value. The holders of stocks,certain contingencies, but for which the House should easy. How well-grounded that expectation is, take steps to make proper preparations. He read:time will show. But I venture to_ predict that, Resolved, That in vievr of the secession of South Carolina, fice, no matter how alarming may be the symptoms of.'.mm a coniiderahie anxiety. tfvrvnty thouaand «overei|;n« were ately identified as Capt. Latham'by Lieutenant-Com- .*Lcmwn from the Bank on Tuesday, as well as £30,000 sterling InIsmx sold for shipment per Kuropa. A large amount in reported manding Leroy, of the Mystic, who remembered him -^withdrawn from the Liv«rj»ool branch. It was anUcipat<Ai thatwithin a torief period, from the Federal Union, a Special Com- -if the armed men of this c i t y make the attempt mittee, to consist of seven members, be appointed to consider and report, at an »-urly day, to this House, what measures of ex- to capture Fort Moultrie (which will be the one traordinary legislation may be necessary or expedient, in refer- ence to foreign and domestic trade, or for other subjects, arisinir attacked), and if the officers and soldiers now from an alteration of our relations with the Federal Union orwith foreign nations.dej rossion,. unless compelled to to meet liabilities. They will not be frightened into,losing something for fear of losing more.and her husband's arrest. I expressed myself witk indignation on the subject, and eaid they should never arrest me. A gentleman was standing outride the door, he heard my words, reported them to the Com- mittee, and in a few minutes I was seized. They ordered me to leave the State forever. I told one of them I would have to come back, for I had to get my.*i« AUsattie next w«ek would take a heary amount. These as acting in the capacity of Captain of the Cora, a fewjMTUnruit affected the fouda, and consols declined j on Friday. The financial writers all canvass the prottpects of the Americanj « j i i e -Tlu I^rndoa Timt* (City Article) says the panic has reached a ataqt* resembling some of the worst days of 1J&7, but the loading eotomercial people seemed to be aware of its utt«r rroundleflS'weelcs before, when he boarded her at the mouth of theCongoLatham v;?as compelled to return to this port in com- pany with the other prisoners.River.Underthesecircumstances,Capt.there are suffered to remain and are not over-ruled and rendered powerless by some char- Rhett explained that it was not his object that anyExchange on New-York is quoted at 7 ct>10 *> cent;Philadelphia 6, and Baltimore 5 V cent. Specie is at children. He then proposed to tar and feather me,cowardlyjuaxket. ,- fend the Fort and themselves as .best they can, and to direct the attention of members to them. .' Mr.LonDOif. Saturday evening.—The funds have been mftnenced Gazette says the greatest feat in telegraphing of which Buist moved an immediate consideration of the reso- Jby the seiia/actory character ol the bauk return*. Consols ad- it has any knowledge was accomplished on Tuesday,' the population of. Charleston will be less lution, which was ea'nied."VstDced i per cent.acteristic3s»e«tsateiy change the whole character of the Now- York money "WONDKH'S OK THE TKLEGKAPH.— The CtUCuDiati Department or President, but arc suffered to de- should investigate all measures pertinent to the times, broke into the auciion store of Alexander Nott, on, so that the alarm wa* by no means equal to the indention. . IXtu Tiff argue* that th« rrceiuts of gold from En^iuiul \<.[U im-mittee should be perfected by them; but that theyJPAJua, Saturday, JDeo. I, 3:25 p. m.—The Bour** opened in the transmission of the President's Message to that by considerable the day after than it was. Mr. Pope, jr., spoke upon the resolution briefly. He him in the act, and was the principal witness against•frrruer, but became heary toward th»- clo«e. Rentes wore 'juotod city. Two wires were .used, one-a through and"the the day before. Whenever that attack is made, said he did not know what business there was requir- him. The burglar and thief was tried before theing the attention of a special committee; aud he didLirxxpooi. MJUUCXT*.—/The Liverpool markets wore received other a Way wire.. Of the eight columns and a half when "the gallant young men of Charleston," not, therefore, see the use of the resolution. There Hustings Court of this city to-day, and, being foundrtSa Cupe Kace on Wednesday, and published that day.LvHiwy JKAXKXTS.—Baring'* Circular reports W'MKAT with a which the Message made in The. Washington Consti- as Mr. Memminger flattered them, and the was a Committee on Postal Affairs, and upon all other guilty, was sentenced to receive nine-and-thirty.lashes.The Neii-Orleans Bee, under the head of " Beware of the Scoundrels," has the following paragraph:" We have been informed for some time' of a villain- ous system ol black mail being carried on bv «couu- drelly fellows, who have been vilely taking advantage of the amorousness of certain persons, both resident* and strangers, by threatening to denounce them a* Ab- olitionists. These rascals have fraudulently represent- ed themselves to be members of the Southern 'Vigilance Committee, and are believed to have raised consider- able money. W e have not spoken of the subject be-"TOC 30c, or 5c. lower than ye^ttrday.dtUeShiteg tendency rVVhite American, 60''<£64'', Rvd. 58/960/. tution', five and a half, columns were passed over the MutCx,^7/'dMi. SCOAX steady. Coxrasrsteady. TKA dnll;matters pertaining to the event of secession; and what chivalry of South Carolina, go down to Fort necessity there was for anything else, he could not dis-Had he been a white wan, his punishment would'have been a term in the Penitentiary of not less than one nor more than seven years. In this State there is no:i-: • ivommon Congou, Tflt&tpfy KICK heavy. TALLOW quiet at through wire, without a break, in ^ix hours. This wascover.Mr. Btiist thought it a very important matter, andV*1t/ai*)>. JKOX steady at Xo H>. aXZ \:>- for both Rails and sent by J. H. Bunnell 'tigen seventeen years) of the Moultrie to take it. thev will find that things3ar»; Pig IKO.V steady at 52/6, .Spiral On. dull at.jClW); Cod•IXL, £3H. Linseed OIL active at 29 6*. Linseed CAKRS Kc»rc? Pittsburgh office, and received by L. C. Wire of thehave been got in readiness to receive them.very appropriate at this time. The resolution contem- such thing as imprisoning a slave for any offense. His»*<1 6roi . Aj.;ertc-u, £11 WdX-ll. BAR S...V/-.K. */I|. l>OL-n.»K». 5/2i- EAOLXK, 76/«. Cincinnati office. The first column was transmitted iuorderfrom- theW a rThe officers there, all of whose names I have plated all subjects necessary to act upon after the Con-JiMXHicA* JJrcuRiTiES.—Messrs. Baring Brothers fifty-five minutes, and the second column in forty-eight heretofore given, are quite alive to the situation vention shall have been held, and when the Legisla- , A free negro, charged with felonious stabbing, was fore, because we were endeavoring to get hold of facts,j*.port no sal«« of importance, and quotations uomiual, owing to - ture shall again assemble, in januarv next. It is true1lis> American crisis. minntes. One column contains 12,072 letters. *It re- in which they arc placed, and fully appreciate that matters pertaining to Postal Relations have been also tried to-day before the same court, found guilty, n which we have finally succeeded. A young gentle-Bell it. Co. report State storks tirm, and Railway securities quires an average of three strokes of the koy to a let- their whole duty. It is. not necessary to in- referred to the proper committee, and that other im- and sentenced to be sold into perpetual Slavery. «Otwiderably lover for all descriptions, closing with a better portant matters have been given over to appropriateman, partner in a Cincinnati firm, came to this city the other day on a brief business trip and stopped at the St. James Hotel, registering himself as from Ciueiu- nati. Soon after he was accosted by a well-dressed person, who asked him to step out into the alley-war. Here a conversation took place, which resulted in theReeling. ThVy quote: TjvttrSStates 6*, 1H67<£196*.<&atted States 5a, 1874.. 4t»#yhu>d 5* >..,M—sjehu»«*ts S*. :Tesnsy,lTania St......Jftsonsyivsnia 5«. 1877.. 2S</uth Carolin*6s, l#ft Tirgfaiia 6s, 1886. VlrgtoU 5s. 1888.ter. There were, therefore, 37,986 strokes in 48 min- quire whether they are Northerners or Southern- committees; but the purpose of the resolution, he«... 90 310] utes, or 700 66-100 strokes to the minute. Mr.. Wire, ers; (hey'-belong to the Army of the United A VOICE FROM TENNESSEE.XBfaois Central 7a, 1879...... »^.............. •DUmuimCentral6s,1875.f.....................may not be able to do so. But they will notcountry, and who are striving, by all the means,that upon in all confidence, and if any person who is up-t> JNww-York Central shares^JTsw-Yorfc an&Krle7s, 1st mort-, 1867...-Jpfcssr-York sod T.rU 7., 2d mort., 1869... JHew-Yorkand *oettt, M mort., 1883....-Y*rk senstKr^ sb*res k7«, 1*4 sxm., Ufc* i7», 2d toott., 187374 & 76 ably a longer distance than was ever before connected -Moultrie, have been sent away. Within a few variety, and that therefore it should be referred to thei#ft*«r)M (St'••'•'. ' '• '••'-. •-1 •• •MA>...,.«*>•»., •»•.•.............92 "a 93 thought, was to find out other things pertaining to the94 ® 9 6 the receiving operator, took the Message by sound, and; States, and have seen active service, under fire, welfare of the State, after she shall have taken her future Correipoadeuce of The N, V. Tribune.toit^a^aag^igaci-Mi^..! I'Tf".—.***^«www.fultonhistory.com100 '(Oin 83 o> 85 »J. •. So w 87 ...... 86 9 88 ..... 82 ® 8380 W SZ 84 ® 86 Hi & 36..... 86 to USusing a manifold writer, made five copies from the in-position. -MEMPHIS', Tenn., Dec. 5, 1860.Shall the North yield ? seems to be a momentous foolish Ciucmnatian giving the fellow $50 as blick100 iilOl plied, 8:55. It was then 10:20 at Portland. hnsJaCantralAi, l»t mort., 1880............... 'O 90Olivier, Iandry, Simmes, and Levy (Breckinridge everything but men, the position is abundantly resolution to. the Federal Committee, the House would to cease electing Republican Governors, Legislators, Rectors), having received a plurality of the votes ca*t supplied, and is a tempting prize in the eyes of he informed by the gentlemen composing it what was Congressmen, or any more Presidenta-to protect for Electors, cast said vote for John C. BreckinridK*the Carolinians, with which to set up a new necessary to do with the resolution-^whether to adopt fllave property in the Territories, and to stop the pub- of Kentucky, and Joseph Lane of Oregon.h — • ""I B S L A TEST^PROCEEDINGS OF THE LEGISLATURE.In the Senate Mr. Moses offered the following resolu- near at hand—with the certainty that there were manywell. .Many South Carolinians are here with their blue rosettes, appealing to all who Will listen for the establishment of a Southern Confederacy. - I asked some of these gentlemen what it was that South Caro- lina claimed as "her righte" for which her people were contending, and that they could not enjoy in the Union. 3Iajor De G., a fine-looking gentleman from Chester, S. C , told me it was the Pemonal Liberty bills in the Free States, a refusal to protect negro property in the Territories!, and because tha Abolitionists were opposed to Southern gentlemen raid-tion, which was immediately considered and agreed to: men to go. into it, ready for instantaneous secession—itwas necessary for the House to take such action now, Resolved, That the .Committee on (Militory and Pensions be as would be conducive to the prompt action of thereport by bill or otherwise.asked to be discharged from the consideration of so tion all subjects relating to such an event.religion, and notions of civilization, ^in order to lature; three, copies to the Library at Charleston; matters of that kind, and for these reasons he submitted ing *wo families together, one by a white woman, andly* a dear, sacred right. He stated to me that ther* branding as piracy. To whatever political con- E thought the Ayes had it, but the Noes were unsatisfied, were so many white "niggers" in Charleston that *)rising book-nierP ARIS. Dec. 1.—The Pays says the stay of King were put on board the Bonita iu the space of fifteen cannot be, whatever may be her relations. Even, The billwas read to the sixteenth section, which, on measures for future action, so that on the instant of the"Victor Emanuel in Sicily will be of abort duration. The JPatrie- states thatt according to the latest news, dbsnrrectionary movements were increasing in theminntes. Having disposed of the prize, the San Ja- though such were not her principles, the task ofmotion of Mr. Marshall, was substituted by the fol- breaking up of the Convention everything requiring really suffering more than the. North to-day. but mauyointo stood to the south, and met the Constellation, the Abruzzi. Col. Bedagrange, with 7,000 Sardinian officers of each ship conveying to one another the intel-conciliating her would be. scarcely lees. A com- munity that has by legislative action stricken from the list of holidays the Fourth of July, that has outlawed the signers' iof the Declaration of Independence as misguided and deluded men, and Washington not less; a State that so hates not only the Union itself, but the very name, that its Legislature expunges, it from the list of names given to legal divisions, is past hoping for, if not past wishing for. If Mr. Convin's Committee can conquer the prejudices of South Carolina, he may conciliate her. But, judging from what I see around me every day, I conclude that the contest which Rarey had with the mad hor.se Cruiser was nothing to what Mr. Corwin would have before, he subdued the nulli-"\ $200 f month..160 *• month,. .5 rations >p day. 125 #' month.. .4 rationn|^day. 100 !>' month.. .3 rations^1 day.legislative action could be instantly reported. He honed the resolution would not be committed. Itry to make it appear otherwise. Everything is flat, here, and if there is secession there will be civil war, and in case of civil war, Memphis, as well as the wholeiroops, occupied the denies of Mount Vellino, a position o£ importance. Several guerrilla companies were be- organized. The Piedmontese were forming flying in order to act energetically at the pointsI T A L Y .The garrison of Gaeta had made a sortie in order to-rapture the strategetical positions, in the snburbs, but were repulsed with great loss.ligence that " a haul had been made^''The parties on board the slaver made a desperate at- tempt to break the San Jacinto's propeller, by throw- ing overboard furniture and other materials likely to impede progress; the cabin had been made destitute of 44 fittings" to accomplish this treacherous -design. Plenty of rice and all sorts of provisions were on hoard. The Bonita is a splendid brigantine of about 212 tuns85<£*month.. .2rationsMr. Rhett again explained to the gentleman that thespecial committee authorized by the resolution wouldnot propose to perfect any measure, but would simply South will be plunged in nun. The wisest heads hcr«*lowing: .'-.ForMajor-Gcneral...' Brigadier-General Colonel......... Lit-utcnant-Colonel Major..6 rations -£>' day.FOR THE INFANTRY SKRVIOK.CaptainFirst Lientenant....:.., Second Lieutenant..... ' 30•Third Lieutenant Sergeant-Major Quartermaater Sergeant Drum-Major.First SergeantSecond SergeantThird SergeantFourth Sergeant....... Firfit Corporal.., Second Corpora!Third Corporal... 1'....... Fourth CorporalPrivateMnKician....report what it thought best for the advisement of the say so. .' Legislature.PKMBROKK.,& month . .1 ration <p" month.. .1 ration fy month.. .1 ration #• month . •I ration <&" month.. .1 ration $' month.. .1 ration &' month.. .1ration 20 p month.. . 1 ration .15 f' month.. .1 rationto offer amendments to" this-.bill on its third reading, should it occur to him that they were necessary.The bill was then finally ag'reed to, and retnrned to the House. .Mr. Allen, agreeably to notice previously given, submitted the following bill, which was read, and re- ferred to the Committee on Federal Relations.A B11J. TO J'KOVIDK rOK THK K8TABLI.SHMK,ST OF OCR FOREIGNDIPLOMACY.Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rcpntcritatives, now met and sitting-in (irneraL Assembly, and by authority. of tliethrough sixty-six rounds, at the end of which, thesecond of Sullivan threw up Ids sponge indicative of District lockup a man named Richard Lisson, who hnd being licked. Both men, we understand, are horribly been tarred and feathered and ridden on one of Al>e* punished.60 4015 15 12 12 1212 ^10 $* month. 10 ty month.. I ration . 1 ration . 1 ration .1 ration . 1 ration . 1 rationmonth.tame. That on the ratification of an Ordinance by a Convention ^ind inactivity here in all! branches of trade. ThereI feel that it L-'<3 myself, to makt r ington, since the <ment, by the ckc me by stating tlei TLe K-le obje^ t c secession. 1 bvii prevented by the schemes of ten vc trated—theyht' a able service tend" ance bv consul;atand putting in a< experience,'am' I" all in my power t Southern people Government. 1so ington, never ai of a Govern,Ui«;:it Alabama.Whether the eh ploredby any tro fuiure action ot J f. r new gnaraui* tangle ourselve- i doomed people.the glory of bein Declarationot1 ieoord it and o^ that eecaxed.to tl fideraoy. Thu i miane will be M: no event in the ft *hall have abus.d; be <ailed on to w old Union, we shAMOS K:Fatal Knor 6:vhr- I Illation to !><;n< .(ion not KttUifiC" Arj::n»cat» Ot STO TiviIf a portion of deluded imo tl<-ito recede from • i< oven practiced ur i* in (he ineulcat right to.interfere' tkmth. They do of our instituttoi rights of the Sf:«t< aieGn-at Britainmore right to m<* slave,in Sooth ('a terfere in the-rehiand wife, parent b-MattJwhUfetT^ wife,hw«on.-hwm;:n in South t lr ujiK-t a'natiMH laws of an irjdep States or people Statesweretxct^ O'mt-tiMttKn.' !.««yW with the-inrfi neut and one: n\ afibrd jutjt cau»oI'nder our pie* State reserve*! Milutions, bu; it" no pereon held die laws then. f, quenceof sn> ia from buch seivic ca claim of the ] n-av be due.'Thif. is the lasj law of the land^ are not only tn>aThe provision it provide**, in * •owinglaborto.h shall, on escapifilegalobligHUiu the latter State, decider that an" are informed from the most reliable sources,"will prevent the .landing of such reeforc^- with all necessary equipments, to carry six pieces of long ralige to come. If the time: of. stringency is greatly pro- cannon and one twenty-four pound howitzer, and to place onhave probably not less than two thousand, sol- . of the I'nitrd States, and for the said purpose the turn of thousand dollais be and the same is hereby appropriated.iu financial circles, and there is considerable indebted-in Handsboro'. Magner was a painter, but latelypurchase two submerged ateam screw propellers of lie?bt draught,work as gardener on Mr. Carroll's place. Afterwa'rd I ." merits." The Courier might have added that it bourd a complement of men not exceeding one hundred and fifty, longed, if there is no relief in a few weeks, doubtless got a situation there to attend to the garden of Mr.started a small store, and he was charged with selling in Charleston for the last three weeks. By the the following, and in doing so explained that the res- ness ahead, but it is thought it can be mostly provided liquor to the slaves, and trafficking with them. Last olution was merely to direct the attention of the House for without disastrous consequences. The pervading, Wednesday, intending to come to New-OrI<-ann for.threat that they will not allow retinforcements to to all such practical measures beyond the purview of spirit seems to be that sacrifices should, if possible, be/ articles needed on Mr." Black's place, I ro<ie to Hands- boro' to see my children and find out whether therdiers, who have been drilling almost continually In the House of Representatives, Mr. Khett offeredIn concluding his remarks on. the resolution, Mr. measures to be thought of by or suggested to the Com-a premium of 2J'« 3.On the night of the 1st inst. a negro man, a slave,which they did. After this I was kept in jail there until this (Friday) morning, when they took me I-> Mississippi City and put mo aboard the Creole."Lisson is yet much stained with the tar. Hi* . \ wwith the Stars and Stripes.. It would be expect-A Boston paper notices that on Friday evening last ing a good deal of sixty or seventy men to with- to the. Committee on Federal Relations, so that'the question with some: and the poor doughfaced, dogen- ity. No person who would accept hush money belong*strument.;.Mr. J. M. DeSaussure moved to refer the resolutionstand the whole' State of South Carolina. They House might be informed as to the necessity, of such a ate Democrats, who have brought .the panic upon the to the Vigilance Committee. That fact may be reliedthe telegraphic operators put Portland in connectionproceeding authorized in the resolution.-Mr.liuint opposed suchdisposalofthematter. Tie proaehed by one of these sharpers does not bandwith Wilmington, N.C, and Charleston,S.C, anda H H w O W AsstiPsW* • • * > » • » • * > » * • .............. ,dis. 3J 3» 30 transmitted messages distinctly. Subsequently, Bangor surrender on demand..thought that the Committee on Federal Relations was their devilish ingenuity can suggest, to divide* the him over to the police or punish him on the spot he a standing committee occupied with its own affairs Union and plunge the country into civil war, call upon deserves to suffer himi>elf."JtfcbijpMi OntrsJ *«. It**» • . . » » . * . " . . . . . . * - . . . » ' ' Jfibehifaa Central shares......... 55 ® GO and New-Orleans were connected for the first time, and In view of the threatening state of affairs here,85 © 87 messages sent from Maine to Louisiana. This is prob- the families of the United States officer* at Fortand peculiarly charged with one subject; while thisresolution and its subject matter might embrace a great power. To the several Free States they appeal to The Presidential Electors assembled on tho 5th inst.U s s / Y w k Central 6s, not eofrrertib!*, 1883Ibw- York Antral 7s, convertible, 1864 ........... 93 ® 95the Northto make concessions to the South—the slave VOTE OF LOflSlANA.Special Committee authorized. This WHS partidnlarlv rejwal their Personal Liberty bills—that the North at the Secretary of State's office, and proceeded to castdays the Fort has received six month*' pro- applicable, because the matters to be investigated were must, pledge themselves to permit and protect the slave the vote of Louisiana for President and Vice-Preeidentvisions, in addition to what it had before.In >8j>e<aal. ••.'• '''-Mr. J. M. DeSauftsnre reasoned that in referring themasters to carry their slaves through the Free States—of the United States. Messrs. Rousseau, Aveirno*—At a meeting of the Wide-A wake Club of Skane- atel««, N. X.,on the 8th Inst., It was resolved to con" tiBM the Crab, and to take measures for improving its•;* A well-known and respectable produce merchant of *• :JoOowing j * th« latest newt telegraphed to| 9 ^ J C ^ w l M ^ < ^ W t b # 3 0 t l » ^ t . , **> *» orgfiniaaiion and increasing iu efficiency.Mr. Tra<w~The resolution provides for us after we are out of the Uuion. It in charged with matters relat-•.r/••.Government.sion, under the pretense of guarding the Arsenal,it or not. In thu way due consideration would be lication of incendiary books and paper*. Is the North given it.willing to kiss the rod that smites it 7.' BRKAXINO THKlll OWN LA WS, V JThe Nac-Orlcans Crescent relates, with exceeding jocularity,nnderthe title "Dropped like u Hot Potato,"They have already in their posses-No longer ago than Monday of thisweek, a Northern70,000 (standi of »n»», which, gdded to the ing to our position as an hidepemkut, people,: trod « man, at. Fryer*. Point, about 100 mil«« below here, wa* the following lawless proceeding: 'equal number of commercial men and those of the law,Butcher and Sullivan, for the sum of $100 aside. TheyMagner'B house about !)j o'clock in the morning, when bonds, and all sorts of securities', do not intend to sacri- Mrs. Magner told me about the Vigilance CommitterMain street, and took therefrom several gold watches.Another negro man, employed in the store, detectedwill be investigated to-day.THK rniVAI.Ry ON BLACK MAIL.,only punishment is stripes, transportation, or death.//1.• ,. -'. ..•.•/•:-'i!Northern men in business bow to this Moloch of Slav.ery, prostrate themselves in the dust, and dischargeNobody is regarded as orthodoxmail. \Ye would warn every one against this rascal-a uI'': . >-:•<•.•£ , . '-•..•'•.••'•>'#• .••'-.•r/vi'i ?•?«:Untitled DocumentV'.'••];:">•• |-|TTTr-i'-"^rtiiii""'."W^^iTKftQ-frrrEfin.-.TXy.-.jinv I'Trf-i.^^rr^-r-...v^.^^^^iai(wii.-;i-ip-^r-----7TiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069gaaeapnawwKw1 1S (r.wiffW.MH'. l^"."....'•J-I•".'-' • • •- • . •.,•,•. - ^ - i f t ^ V-> ••