 •—*rows among iheoiselves, and oneDEPRECIATION or STATS STOCKS—Eva* OF AGI- TATION.—The agitation on the slavery question which 1ba Mack republican party has beenNEWS FRO* EUROPE.l l l 11 fty%*iMr%m^*V*Ail«AAtf*«Mt*W«M *.Prince AlbertatSt.Johns,IV.F. —*w»»*^s^^wwswsaiaiWii%»iiMiMiiwaMTW* DAYS U T E E IflTEIAIGENCE.*«^^><Ni*»AM*»**^^The Voting for Annexation to Sar- dinia at Ifaples.BattleatIsernla,andDefeatoftheNEWSFROMTHENATIONAL CAPITAL. -MejeSttom of tht T_»-of the I nlted 8Uttes—811-later t l a y D e m a n d i tola Passports—SetUaawemt Claims against Omtsus— rone Use Pacific Sqmadrom— Vme Case mi Site Two Officers Arveated atP a a a m a - A d v l e n ttmm Iriavt. Mortoa— £»i atted states maul cam, dkc.WAsaaoTOM, Nov.4,1860. AWamniiomw-spnsjmc—ta aWAatasaawawaswsmajnjs ma FAaarosnD D.«spatcheswerereceivedyesterdayattheDepartmentofStatefromour MinistertoPeru,Mr.Clay. Aslstatel la my despatch some days ago, the Peruvian government refuses the ultimatum of our governnent. Onr Minister states that he had demanded his passports and IntendedDrawings ofto tiM__JI,W1IOat*.***- onethirddandy, P»* keepingupIsverygraduallybatsorelyknock-8&fl£ «* the Delaware BtAtc IsSt-jpeaC«country,andlettheCoil'third bully and one thlr>J«<»hey, be hanged.Hon. TOM COIWDI Amjuiooro L^COLNB CABI- MT.-It haa been given oat that Boo.Tom Corwin, of Ohio—a republican of the coneerva tive class-haa written a letter to a Mr. Houje,of Waahington, assuring him. npon the very beat authority, that "Old Abe Lincoln," If elect- ed President,willfaithfullyexecute theFugi- tiveSlave taw,willmaintain therightof any MirStatetocomeintotheUnionwithorwith- out slavery, aa Ito people may desire, and will oppoee all efforts to abolish slavery in the Dis- trict of Columbia without the consent of its legal voten, and without full compensation forpott of Secretary of State to Hon. William C. Rives,of Virginia,andtocallIntohisCabinet Jtr. Feseeaden, of Maine, and Hon. TomEwing or Mr. Vinton, of Ohio." Oughtnotthistosatisfyeverybody—acon-servative policy and a conservative Cabinet ofing down too nine of State securities. Even * ^ars ago8tatestocksrangedfromeighttoNor is this all. Mr. Corwin,Itappears,statesinthetameletterthat • *'Lincoln avows his determination to offer thethe slaves to be liberated.coiock, Jxtmothe sort described by Mr. Corwin ?afraid that Mr. Corwin will find just now very few believers out of Washington. The "irrepressible conflict" republicans will laughAt his presumption; Southern men will My that this is all humbug; and among the Union conservatives of this city of New York all these fine promises of Mr. Cor-bardly pcsaibla to give the legal voters time to cwt to their1. tio early to tbe pott*. Stay there until yeashall baveae- tually votef. Do not take tbe risk of coin* away with the inBat we arePress tinued through its minister Zegarra; he will therefore re toe Prince Alb*rt has sixty cabfci and six hundred sad eetve his passports at aa early day. The facte in this' t w ^ b e f ^ i ^ * * ^1 1 0* * * *average quotation of the stocks of the four States, which we ban taken out at random, is bat 86, or fourteen percent below par. In other words, the widows and orphans whose means an invested in this sort of secur.ty lose one-seventh of their property.Itreadstuffs, *c.,owe City Mall, It was inaugurated bTv W(aebiartoaWe have also a greater dmy; for B tola our cower by our votealp carry the election to this state, sad thereby to tbeThe relatives end rrlends of tbe famfly are tovtted toattend ths funeral, from bn toteSeward's speeches. As to Old Abe's Cabinet,we predict that if any member of it should betaken from Virginia, it will be John Minor Botts. the Union ticket, and peace will be preserved, October, egad seventy years.by concerted efforts to delay by frivolous aad fraudulent ehal- lenret at real voter* attend personally tbe poBa, and see that lrtal voters bare fab plav.and 4 d a y aThe friends of tbe family aad those of his father-in towThomas McGulgan, are Invited to attend, without farther notice, from the residence of her father, Ho. 488 Went Str-We think it is likely, too. that Winter Davis, of Maryland, will be judged as having earned a cabinet position from that casting vote of his last winter which elected a republican SpeakerThe steamship North Amerioan, from Quebec, arrived which will cost the respective governments millions of5. We Invite all who can to attend peroneal)j the polls Intheir own district dnring all the d»y of the election. We callfor volunteers to aid the Union cause. Let every man be a teenth street, at two o'clock.and then lookout for repudiation and unlver for the present Congress. In view of the "Irre- sal bankruptcy. It is for our people to chooseLaird, of Liverpool.THE ROYAL MEETING AT WARSAW.The Emperor of Russia, the Emperor of Austria and the Priace Regent of Prussia were all at Warsaw together, with Prince Gortchakoff, Count Reehberg and other pro-minentMinisters. Nothinghadtranspiredastotheconferences.RUSSIA.It is asserted that Russia has positively refused to ea-United States.DBSFATCHXS FROM THX PACIFC SQUADROX.Despatches were received at the Navy Department this morning from Flag Officer Montgomery, of the Pacific squadron. Be communicatee to the department all of the facts to regard to the arrest of two naval officers at Panama. BeaddressedacommunicationtoCaptainMil- ler, of theEnglishshipClio,asking for suchexplanation ssmightbeInhispowertogiveInrelationtothematter; also, one to Don Hurtado, Intendente at Panama, inquir- ing who her the assumption and exercise by foreign force of police power and authority since the si- moltanous withdrawal of Amerioan and Englishfrom the 'shore was with his sanction, authority derived from him. The Intendente Informs him that he had not invited any foreign force since that which was requested during the time of the riots.Capt. Miller states In his reply that, at the request of the British and French Consuls, guards have been, since the late attack on the town, stationed at the respective Con- sulates, in accordance with the practice In such cases, aad that the sentinels were Instructed to challenge during the night all persons, and that the arrest of the officers ercee from their refusal to answer the challenge. The matter will probably be allowed to drop here, the fault lies with the officers In refusing 11 answer the challenge.pressible conflict" between the friends of Sew-ard on the one side, and Horace Greeley andhis allies on the other, we can promise nothinginregardtoNewYork Infactwemustwaittill the dayafter the election beforewe canpositivelyassumeitasasettledthingthat'OldAbe" himself will have a voice In the next Ca-binet In the meantime we may say that suchconservative promises as those of Mr. Corwin or so by the operation. We an glad to learning this state of things. The opportunity of doingso will be afforded to-morrow. Vote fortans voted almost unanimously for annexation.The Duke of Richmond diet at London on the 21st ofStateMilitia,inreplytocertainstatement*made by Thnriow Weed, in relation to theState dinner given by Governor Morgan to thePrince of Wales. It seems to us that Mitchellrather ones Weed up. A question of veracity ladistinctly raised between the parties. Or"course everybody believes what Weed says. they wen killing him, and se they served every the Italian frontiers were increasing, bnt on the otherHerring;'. P BurgUrProofSafes,Ml NewYork.8 Champion Ftro 'way,cornerofMarrayaetkn, with many other ttapi eraeneJOrajais^pbleL Adjastsd for atNa» Roadstreet.NewTort Waou_If there ever was a saint on earth It is Thurlow Weed. His character Is as pure and lovely as that of toe angels. He is a walking exemplifi- cation of what Mr. Montague Tlgg calls the Sunday school truth. It would be just as well,band It was said that Austria had given the most positive one who trusted them. Treachery is the food sawsrsaem that she would not draw the sword unless aaStain ¥ *toe be*st manufactured; mandMWatotr*.are republicans, and have always been so. More than this, some of them have run for office on the republican ticket, and some of them have been speakers at republican meetings. So much for this boast But even if it were true, what of i t ! Only nineteen men converted to Lincoln out of a population of nearly a million'. Wonderful! If the changes on the other side were recorded, there is not a newspaper in the city could contain the list !iLosrsox, Oct. 22,1860. The London money market is generally unchanged,with an active demiad.Console for money dose at MX a 91%, and for the acthis city, where, during his visit to America, he was well known and beloved.Immense Connterfeltlasj Operation—Ar- rest of tn* Parties.IBDIARAPOUS. lad , NOV 8, 1860. James McLean, Cashier of the Boone County Bank of Lebanon, lnd , J. B Bnssey, Albert H. Hager, Miles A. Bidley and J. P. Chlpman, connected with the sane Institution, were arrested today, charged with for- gery and circulating the money fraudulently issued, and were eommttted to jail In default of 86 000 ball each. It is suppeeed that these parties have circulated from 88X0,000 to 8600,000 in counterfeit bills of theBoone County Bank, in Indiana, Iowa, Illinois and Mis sourl Forty five thousand dollars In genuine notes were Issued by tbe Auditor of the State. Tbe spurious and genuine notes are from tbe same plate, while the Auditor's and Register's names are counterfeited on the former. |A. Spooner, President of the bank, made his escape from thisteething, we aay do not let yew own prejtidtoei. or the pre|u- StUeees7ooftobteh^eTrsa,tsotan<dTtothetowea-wy«oroff'tao-o^rrosihas? tostWm_nRadical Care of Hernia, or K.ptur* — Dr. R N. MABSH. of thewell kaow* boose ofMarsbAOo, No. 2 Vesey street, fatmHqase, opposRe_toe churehjdevotes special attention to the surgical adaptation of his radical Cure T»mn7Horehsad's Hagte Eys Water,Tbe beet In the world. Twenty^nTe'cesU Vbottle.D. 6 MOREBEAD. M. D-. 19 Walker street. Mew fork. Bold by all good druggie**.to local influences and other causes. The re- before an exciting election like that of to-morbeen received by the bankers here from correspondents in the West. Several hundred dollars in spurious bills were redeemed at the bank at Lebanon yesterday.publicans have been calculating npon this vote for Lincoln and disorder; but from all we hear from the interior of the State it seems pretty car- t iin that it will be thrown for the Union. The people who have been heretofore indifferent arcSince the sailing of the Europe there has been no mar- ket at ManchesterThs Chtostotho very naeatqoaltty of watte Pipublican press that there is no danger to theyon have to do, fellow citizens, is to vote, andLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET. Livxarooi, Oct 28,1860.e privately apjSsd. DyepiBo S Astoi Hones MarriedworkingsecretlyforLincoln'selection.But this is quite like them. Whenever they a n going openly for one thing they are always cer- tain to be going for another in the dark. This is the way they served Daniel S. Dickinson at Charleston: while pretending to support him,ItwasreportedthatprovUiooiwerebeginningtofal atOaeta.OBBQOBY A CO..the Albany Regency lives upon.WILL THERE BR A REVULSION?—Yes; if Lin- coln is elected to morrow, nothing can avert i t It is as certain as that the sun will rise on theattaak was made on Rome.The Ptedmontese troops were encamped atRietl, tenleagues from Rome.The t e n of the Prussian despatch relative to the lava'and squareaos anforSre years WiT JAMBS BYBRDfLL'S, 903 RBOADW A Y^-WBD!however, for the Governor if he kept Weed atwork as a tabic waiter and wrote his own let- 7th of November. Disunion may not follow doss not Uneaten any active hostility oa the part ofaction of Sardinia aad rejects Oavour'a justification, bnt ten. Weed is altogether too good for this the success of the abolition party; the con- Prumla.federacy may hold together; but the tide of commercewillbestopped,distrustwill spread through every branch of business North and South;thefactories at the Eastmustsuspend work, and thousands of people must be thrown out of bread. And this state of things will go on by degrees, until every commercial interest in the country hi involved in difficulty, disorder and ruin. Who will vote to bring about tinsCommercial despatches from B m b a y t o the 27th of they have any such intention, and all the rest ONE DAT FOR ran UNION.—Several of eur September report Imports dull and droopiox CottonBold by all druggists.wicked world. I 1 *WHAT THE PANIC MAKERS Ann DOING FOR Lrah COLN.— A black republican journal, whose editor Is a black republican elector at large, boasts thatnineteenof ourleadingcitizenswhowereThe Austrian offiolal, Werner Zritmg, publishes a re- form manifesto from the Emperor. Many sweeping chtnges In the constitution are proposed. Legalatlve power is oar/ to be exoeroiaed henceforth with the cooperation of the Provincial Diets. TheKerchwatzh Court of Chancery la restored In Hungary, and other important concessions are made to that pro- vince.General Benedict sad Archduke Albert William have been sent to Italy.INDIA.Bombay letters of September 88, and Calcutta of Septoavber 15, are received, but they contain little news that has not been anticipated.originally Union men are now going to vote forLincoln in consequence of the panto excitement •aidtohavebeensetonfoot byMr.CobbandCollector Schell. Now it happens that out of calamity? these nineteen gentlemen Are hate denied thatHATI completed during tbe present year. The San Juan ques stbfe. 199 Fahon street, Brooklyn. The trade supplied oa DAT OBOE BEMOVBD. READ TBSTIMOBY.BAITS or HawToes,"mefor 'Hg beertog was isMiril, aad<merchants have made up their minds to close their stores to- morrow, in order to let their em- ployes devote the day to the election, and it is probable that the movement will be quite gene- ral. It is significant of the solemnity of the oc- casion—the most solemn since the days of the Revolution—when the merchants see the neces- sity of abandoning business for an entire day, in view of the immlnency of the crisis, for the purpose of defeating the daogerous abolition party, whose success menaces the very existence of the TJnioiL_dull.Exchange, 8s. >;d. Freights advanced 10s. a 16s.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON MONET MARKET.Sheridan Knolea greatly relieved hla numerous friends In Wo K v a r w M o t h e r W h o H a . ,suSertag from any of the complaints incident to the period eft of the Bank of tbe Hsw loa*, OotDr. To* Etoamnan sn>-Pear Str—I am e Bring your skill to Oa operation of toe Bar. I earns tomwd baarto, Msow a. good re erer^Jcw^w-hBY DR. VOB MO»CH2I8KBT SO. 107 CLIBTOB PLACE Fifth sad blub arsonsYJtgTABLISIIBD SIXTY YEARS.MESS'S CABINET roBETTTJBB ABEBOOMI of Broad*Snnerlm Pnrtor. Lasary.^Dtotos^sal Prom the plsto sad «»-_«___ . * 4 ^M7 6 *§ MiBTilM IsHsaaUsHUx11-a fSimtowml Pa.• _«•_>!_.*— IWIIf this accursed agitation is allowed to go onState stocks will continue to depreciate tillthey become as worthless as Continentalpaper money in the days of the Revolution. Letourpeoplelooktoitthatsuchadisasterbenotprecipitateduponus. Theonlywaytopre- thoeebytheEurope,atHalifax-The news is not very Important.eminent, and thereby to save those who have The royal meeting at Warsaw was progressing.s e r v e t h e c r e d i t o f t h e S t a t e s a n d g e n e r a l g o v -Voting at Naples on the annexation question com- menced on the S 1st of October. The result had not been winwillgofornothing,inthepresenceofMr. ury,istocrushoutthepartywhichisproduc-definitelyascertained,batItwasstatedthattheNeapoli-invested in such securities from ruin and pen-NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1860.'.amSZl*£Zm«* «* Mcntgbar, 1853,we rerertuce to oar - 'And that, compared with Nov^ecr> lew, there isthefollowingdeprecationinState •tecks:-JTM.UM, irep.liflB. DepneU&m( P t r iMAvrrage dsprwittioa..................... 8Ben we find that owing to the treasonable agitation of the slavery question by Sew.tfd and his colaborers of the black republicanparty, then has been within the last two yearsa depnetattonvof eightpar centin securitiesthatshouldreallycommandapremium. The Cotton Firm-Slight Advance iniertre-WSSaaWj ^ihwlTM T _ _SBUusmjajsas - u x m w r / s s i s iTtBfiwwsnMI • • •» «•*NorthCarolina. MMatSoan. SSvirgiai*........ ee . at UK _«. sa, jSjde *\i!*£>dl£ffi& w'«• L'sngom ComnttUs fle.sms, BTev 49chants'EtotomssU-.*. n, «toADVISES THB FSIBIID. OP* CWION ELBCtOBAL T1CIBT.Ontheeveof theelection,towale*tbe Hmoa of t Is to be reeenad from perl'a created br aa attempt to SAshar^fnna.! wnwsssrnhaadBjril. riw tjlahist— BiasesSrt'ea States, we n re more addrrss you.THE FLOATING Von.—There is afloatingvoteInthisStateofaboutfiftythousand,whichhere-tofore has been east on different sides, according LOOK OUT FOR ROORBACKS.—During the day 2 000 baks were taken on speculation and for export. city to day. About 8180,000 of this counterfeit haveBold byThe market eloeed quiet, but firm.STATE OF TRADE IN MANCHESTER.row, all sorts of nonsensical and absurd storiesare manufactured for political purposes. Peo-ple should give no heed to the statements ofparty journals on the e n of election. The can-didates have been a long time in the field—the 6<J. per barrel. Wheat active at full prices. Corn active^Onend afterTwsday XSdtost,weshalla too r e u s»CB1BA APIand advanced SI. a Is. per quarter: sales of mixed at beginning to tee that the assurances of there- issues are dearly and distinctly defined. All 38s. Sd.persons were killed sad wounded.Markets.Nsw Oauuffl, Nov. 8, 1860WCrlstadoro's Hair Dye. ?ff i^and^bsw^Bw^wi io w iaa aa^^s sa laa wo^t rsss a aariag aeaurad tassa from ths a^aaarsaaarer acall early as oar stook oftoesa tt ltmiied.Also oa hand the foikrwtoa which war. ninanmd br ShHaogbwout. is Europe at Ear rates -a^ DBCOSTID ^"-rra^mupwara, »HOBE8BrAHiA.OC^Aw.^^_commercial interests of the country to be ap- be son you vote on the right side.prehended frost Lincoln's election a n not tobe relied on, bat that than is trouble, and per-haps aterriblefinancialdisaster, ahead;so they row the old harlot will olose her career. She Ashes—Pots and pearls are quiet. Sugar steady. Rice week, 70,000 bales: total exports to date, 847,600 bales.a n going to g i n their votes for the preserva- i of pe ace and the Union.No St'RATCTDJo—The Unionelectoralticket risewhenTammany Ballceasestoexist Is made up of Douglas and Johnson men,that etty.steady Coffee quietbut firm. Rice Arm,with sa ad prlcVslrreiular Oorn-84aTl onto. Sterlingexchange mMDOOOD-On Sundayeveatof, November4,BUTTLOAOBBHBAIPS MAOIO EYE WA1Tbebsmtotoet Tweaty-Sv*Breckinridge and Lane men, Bell and Everett men; and It is the duty of the parties concerned, Ingoodfaith,torotethecleanticketwithoutcomt' Mono., Nov 8,1880.Cotton-Sales to day 2 000 bales at lie for "Wdltog. Salesoftbeweek180C0bales.BeeslPtodo.,B8M__aba_ •salDSt 22.000 belee tbe, asme time leat ' « £ _ ' £ £ • £tt16,260Lake. EiprU 19000baea *"_f |J_T?_J_iBI,Liverpool 0 16d., and to Bavrc ltfe. 8tortteg exoaens-1 0 7 a W K . o.astmmm.Nov 1.1888 Cottor-Selea to day 1.700 bales; sales of toe wwi«| U.0C0 bales; flam•qnalU.es advane*. £±TM "*"orooptog; *^*~**2£S£B*±m- Ootton-Sales of the week 7 W^&gTporl 89.000Receipts tbe mmettme 80,000^b »^ i J, ^ i_ ge on New B 0 Bbale. Sktrltof exchange 10T>£.York % per mat nteaatosa. __»«KfflSSKrS^_s__Sa2S5Her relative and friends are reepectlully Invited to attend tbe funeral, from he* tote reeldenoa, 818 Thompson •treat, oa Tuesday aftereeea, at one o'clock.Coixus—On Satnrday,November8,athi. readanas. 147 East Sixteenth street, of dtoeaeeof tbe brato, Conn urs Ooixum,areda*jeare.The relatives and friends of the tomlly, and these of t>» SOB, Timothy Celltos. are reepeet/oUy Invited to at tend bia funrrat, tram she ebarefet She Immaculate Oan- oeption. Fourteeath street and avenue A, at one e'etoek tote (bin.day) alt-..TberewtUWattthstaMofrexiutomrfieredepiertbe_f/B8. PBICB CIMtoaeV^ •*••erwaw*m<•* weanwnweaa* j»»*» t wSWSJSSSWSWWeja^ajs^s^aw"BainSapaetaaTee r on the 26th and STth October,to f%jasweffw»tmn^*a#a me»i^#etaasr^esaAwwe tolsWsl awa/BHJawi on tide point, and remember that '• theand the Union electoral ticket will to poll it before sunset So vote early. ,ranHaw TOBE .maPOLLS!—Not a moment to be lost! iw at sunrise, half-pastaa wswewma assawea^aws* eww sanewea. nsmasaiwa^^ww asflE^if;Wt<tCTTherepore of his soak, at half peat ntoe o'clock. will be interred to Calvary cemet ;ry.His resaalas __BUMHHHE THBBB AND Beady to day, atJMPOBYBBS OF u-AIea bisoaa »ma*e easo that then an onlyTburadiv ***flinf, with a foil ioedof. Thursday•V Hinckley * Co"!CmBamai%i£-JZS2£ rt «0 bhto. becon shoulders at 8*c. , d u , r :which to vote. votestobepolledInthecitv;sothatthenis not a moo^tof time to be wasted. QrdFr I 7«WbreakfastatIre,andformtoeHnea*«* tallotiag ptaosa pt.oaaorj at ball-past tr_jThere a n a hundred thousandNaw OBXUASS, Nov 8, • B a h U U L beat aaTTiw^sf frOttfc HanTeasam?^^. ^S^X«M^tori««»»^*-- * ' « ' salesIUntitled DocumentTHR LAST KICK OF OLD TAMMANY—To-mor-rally unchanged.LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.Receiptsorthe week,69,000bales,against76,600Insameweektostyear. Decreasedreceiptsatthisport,68,000 H0 ^'to'bMA»tSZ £ £ X i » ~ - RobertBE EARLT AT TOE POLLS.—People who hope to get to their votes In the thickly populated districtswilldowelltogettothepollsearly The vote will probably run onr one hundred thousand, aid than will not be men than timeFrance.Tallow quiet.THB LATEST MARKETS.'inactive.Tortt r*TM were arm at 9 . 9rr,T d« *E ^ a n ^ a T s K e ^ r - e l i TM * * aert weak. Threetll-!*-?1mse»gf*£ *** -indsmaedatlO^cJ »raer7*esn * • *' »•cure. Bterin ceemNew Yo,S*a3*premium.w Thethaisjomoioratocdatthirtytwodegreesatlaw.Ne^York&,bnttagoodsupply,at*premlc.mT*e.,as-ST JOHBS, N. ¥., MOT. 8,1860.daw s_f u vV MV^nwassaw Ito leave at ones for the Onited Btateepresented the ultimatum on the 2d of October, and on the 6th It was rejected; on the 9lh he demandedJhls passports, which, on the 10th, at the hour of the departure of thefrom CallaoforPanama,hadnotbeencomplied Cnetilla,Itappears,hadagainrenewedenjoldaad absurd proposition to submit the matter to a thirdPower, wblth to considered nothing store than aa in geaious attempt for demy oa the part of that government; ofcourseourgovernmentcouldnotforonemomentregard or countenance such a proposition. It la entirely at variTHE ROYAL MEETING AT WARSAW,IheeftlzeMof Srw *ork ha»e sjrreaeqnal number of person* Is the Batted States to save federal oaatitutlou! at which this great1*one of the prendeet fmiia-to save SThe steamship Prises Albert, from Carers- on tbe 23d snee with all governmental ideas, where the question of 9 000 It la k» own that by the census Of 1894 IStem legal vrter. to this chy. aad that onr wawatetton barCormMk, aged 11 ntaths and 89 days.The funeral will leave iai «xth areaue Shithe foundation of the republic willbe strength- at Londonderry on the 33d of October.ened, and our State and federal securities will The Gatway Steamship Company have ordered two newsoon be quoted at par. Let Llncola be elected, steemtre to be built, In place of the Connaught, by John of his desire to continue friendly relation! with thecommittee of vigilance and safety, aa our great revolutionary father* were In tbe first sreat day of oe*<l to our country6 Beware of nl! attempts to split tlis Union elect iral ticket. We are Informed that th* rerubitean maaaeers have oravMed fur da to keep emhatlciket in the field The attempt almwa thatrlifcT ar* login* even tbe bop. of ea-ryinc toe State bv fair means The VOMof reven electoral votes in ihiaState might poi ably elect Lincoln Let e rery true Union man vote the waole electoral tiekrt7. Beware of repnnliein tickets with Union endorsements Examine well your ballots8. If any lrsp#ctor o' election falls of his duty, take hta name, thenumberof thedistrict, toe name,of witoesam,and report to this committee.9 ifsayroiicema"ov«ntep«bisduty,takehisnameor number and report to thte oomBtttee.10. Seethatplenty of Union electoralticketsaresupplied. Attendthe canvassof the vote*.BBMBVSBBTHATThe Union Commtttce will be in session all the day of tbeelcetirn, at the Bew York Hotel, earner m* Broadway aad Wsverley placevary will be provided with the best legal advice to protect the rIfthtaof tbe votersCtt sens of Bew Vo-k, friendly to toe Union electoral ticket: close op your ranks for the great, final charge upon tbe wavering lines of your pottfeal enemies. Do your duty actively, firmly, fearlessly, sad we promise you a rtortous triumph,notforyourselvesalonebutforyourcountryfSILIJCK.—At bis residence to Y orkviile, oa Sunday eve- ning, Rev. BBAI>LST Snxicx to tbe 77th year of hto age.The funeral services will take place t i n (Monday) after- coon at three o'clock, to the Methodist Episcopal church, EtaMy-sixth street, mar Fourth avenue. His friends sad Unas of his soa, Rev. J A. 8—tok, and hta eoa-tn;taw Her. P. C Oakley, and A. M Osbon, are respectfully Invited to attend. His rematoa wiU be taken oa Tuesday to White Plains, for interment.Northern papers please copy.8n_AHX —On Saturday, November 8. ALIOS Jr-seusaw,only daughter of Morgan and E3hm flplltone, aged 9 d a y a Thefriendsof thefamilysrerespectfully tovtted toat- tend tbe funeral, from tbe restdetce of her parents, No. 88First avenue, this (Monday) aJtaraorn at tiro o'clock WALSH-On Saturday. November 3, JAMB f _are1 T7jeersaad10monthsTbe friends and relatives of the family are invited toattend his funeral this (Monday), day at twelve o'clock, from hie late residence, No. 6S Norfolk street. Hta remains wlU be taken to Port Richmond, Stolen Island for interment.Wnwxavnu.—On Snaday, November 4, Ana. v/nv nxvBLT, Jr , sged 81 years and £ monthsThe friends ere invited to attend tbe funeral from hto father's residenoe, No. 17 Haodougalstreet, this (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock.WnsnmvxiT—At Hackenaack, N. J , on Saturday night, November 8, of consumption, Josx L. Wssisav vaur, aged 81 yearsThe relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at- tend hta runeral, from his late residenoe at Htckenaaek, this (Honday) afternoon, at half past twelve o'clock, without further n rtice 'A. .B D a r C B U L J A A J r a C e C a .ADVttTISMBS AND BDSIBBB8 MENWILL m m THBPOPCLABSPANISHAMBBICAXPAPBJLEL N o n c i o a o DE NtraTA Y O B H , ^ ^ «•-»-•—» TirtTHB BEST ADVBRT18IKO MEDIUM EVERY CLASS OP BCSIiri'aaTHB HANDBOOK OF BEW YORE TBAJMI roaALL THB 8P AKISH AMBBICAN OOUNTEIBS, AVnIT CIBCULATB8 LARGBLT BVEBTWHBBaB U T BUMBER WILL BB M U B O o nWKDNBSDA Y , BOVEMBEB T. ADVBRTI8EMEBT8 TRAMSLaTED FBSSM m . INSBavBD OH MODERATE OFnCB, U ABB STREET.ANBW AKD IMPORT A BY IMPBOVBMBBY.- WHITE'S PATBKT LBVBB TBBSS" AND PB- MALB SUPPORTER."between these results.BOSTON JOBBERS IN NBW YORK STOCKS.—OneofourDownEastcontemporariesisjubilantovertheinformationthatpartiesinBostonhaveinvestedamillionofdollarsinstocksintheNew York market during the recent panic, andthat they will pocket a cool hundred thousand ter into any engagements with Austria which might leadthat the City of Notions has so much loose change lying round, though we doubt very much that it has sent on anything like that amount to gamble in Wallstreet. With a mil- lion for a margin, the bulls in that region coulddare not secede," and all such kind of prophe-cies about the course the Sauth will pursue Inthe present political crisis. But they saynothing about the destructivefinancialand com- try again, and let oar sharp ones know when Naples despatches of the 81st of October announcewould have ruled " Old Abe" out of the repub lican camp, had he proclaimed them in advance of the Chicago Convention.OilABI.E8 O'CONOB, aUjjPJS F BUTTERWORTH, BDWTB OaoeWBLL,BKNRT OBIltlCCLL,8. L M BABLOW,WIIJMJK O. HUNT.8AMUBI. J TIl.r.EN,P1TKR B. SWEENEY DANIEL P. TIEMANN, .IAMM MOHKOB,DANIEL DEVLIN, . ANDREW BOUNT,OHaBLBS A. SECOa.DISCNION OK REVULSION.—The black republi-cans are making themselves hoarse with crying have carried almati any amount of stocks, and Its ineeaaaat appeals for agitation, its attack on the go- out -They cannot dissolve the Union," "They Indeed tossed them to their hearts' content; and vernment, and its disdain of good advice.witnessed In the conflict between the old Unitedofficially declared he would lay down the Dictatorship onStatesBankandtheStatebanksin1830-37,thenins of which could be lifted from the party who have sown mistrust among ourshoulders of the people only by a general bank- ruptcy act _____________GovKfNOR MORGANANDTHEHOTELKEKPERS Wepublishto-dayalottosfromMr.J.Southern brethren and broken up the relationsbetween the North and South, and this is but aad flag were taken.as no such operation has been witnessed, we suspect the Boston Journal has been humbugged in the matter. Won't the Boston speculatorsThe Bourse was flat and drooping, at 66t. 75c. for the rentes.—nils! revulsion which their insane war onthe South will inevitably produce. The polidcal influences which are ranging the materialinterests of different sections in hostility toeach other are the most baneful that evercursed any country,republican or monarchical.Its disastrous effects will surpass all that was the election. The republican journals are gloat- A Naples despatch of the 21st says that Garibaldi has existing government of notes Is anticipated.they are coming'Flag Officer Montgomery also states that the Narragan- Sett sailed on the 8th Inst, from Callao for Guayaquil with Cassanova, our Consul at that port, on board, with orders to Inquire into the cause of the recent suspension of ear Consular regulation, by the Franco government, and to so establish Cassanova In tbe exercise of his consular functions at that place, to which no opposition from theTROUBLE THREATENINO AT THR SOUTH.—Com- mercial affairs at the South an in a bad way. Business is stagnating, banks failing, and gene-The King of Naples had issued a protest, declaring he won'd consider the voting anil and void.ral distrustspreading, in view ofthe result ofIt was reported that after annexation was effected the title of Prince and the rank of General would be offarei to Garibaldi.ing over this state of affairs, but it is their owndoing. It is they and the demagogues of their the arrival of Victor Emanuel.The head of General Ctoldinl's columnsencountered and beet a eoaps of Neapolitans at Iserpia. The General commanding the oorps, with his offloers and 800 soldiersU S I T K S A 5 TMORTOXtoe beginning of the end.Another despatch says that Qlaldini captured a portion oftheNeapolitanartillery.Victor Emanuel arrived at Saloala on the 2Ut of Octo- ill,late Quartermaster General of the is quite plain that the Albany Regency are ber._sssWHAT THE ALBANY REGENCY ARC DOING.—Itto war.FRANCE.The Qnstitutionnel announces that the Emperor re-ceived aa autograph letter from the Czar or Russia ex- plaining the nature of the Warsaw meeting, depriving it of any significance hostile to France.The Gazette it Lyon baa been suppressed on account ofI T A L Y .JOSHUA 1. JIHUL BEAD, Secretary.ratTftf,Chairman.thatthevoteonannexationwasthenbeing taken;much enthusiasm existed and Immense crowds bad assembled at the voting places. All was quiet at the latest dates.> II. R. H.-Ths Prince ot WalesSuite at BRADY'8 National Portrait Gallery, corner Broad-way aad Tenth stress.THK OhLT GALLERY IN THE UNITED STATESHONORED WITH A SPECIAL VISIT BY THB ROYAL PARTYPhotographs of H S. i . the Prince of Wales aad Suite, are now en view at BRADY'S Gallery. Copies m every sty'e ofl i e art for sale. Gallery opera from 8 A. B. UU 9 P. M.C o m p e t i t i o n N o w h e r e . N o H a t of t h eaaaaos baa created such a awmaShn aa WHITE'S heat. 818 each a •Broadway, opposite St Paul's church. tt Pail'sPhotop;raphatn Brootolym—Wfll1anuoa. EsubllshedlSol.Stoirta, aairta—snxfltoras.Made from t*e nest Ananskeag aai Wamsutta Muslins.Depot 106 Chathamstreet, corner of Pearl.LastWe*Sxof Siamese Twins, aa>dhisBrethren,andtbeLivingHippopotamusatBarntua'sIt was also reported that the French Minister ot Marine cable, having crossed it in three days with his men, car-Grower A B*ker*S Celebrated Noiseless Ahad reoelved a despatch announcing that Garibaldi's shtps of war had captured a vessel bearing Spanish colors, and another bearing the Austrian flag. The same authorities continue to assert that the Austrian demonstrations on. sewing. Sewing Machinea, the best to use for family sewing. aSSeion of the Papal States Is published. It censures theBatcbelor'a Hair Dye la Cat. Beat tn tho world.—Made, sold aad applied, to appropriate private roaeae, at the wig factory, 16 Bond street"Beamtlfnl Complexion" Phalon a "Snow White Oriental Cream." Price 60 oenta per bottle.Ladies* Bcamttfl.r."—Phalon «fc Horn'sCards, he. Seethe Orange Blossom Wi sold only at Otis store.AT WM. BVBRDELL'8 SOBS—WBDDIXO CARDS A B B1imahnagdia^^ ^^ m reJtasmreet,B.T.AT OIMBEBDE'S-THB OBAY CARD AND novelties. A satin tie, kABTIFICIAL TEETH-THB eBBATBST IMPBOTH. meat to aanoapharie pause M. Lsrears patent. Pant. Reese and faculty highly raeoasmead a for givbig comfort aads.tisfsettoa hitherto nn.ilstnsbW. tt Wavsrtey Broadway. Eatablishad lflto.COBBB, BUBIOBS lBVaBTBll B Jetata aad all diseases of the fast st Ineoaveolaaos to the patient, by Dr I A' Chiropodist, 780 Broadway. Retort to p!of l a s e h rcount at mi» °3AMXRICAN SSCURrmB. LirxRPOOL, Oct.82,1880. The market for American securities Is dull, withoutmaterial alteration in prices — Illinois Central RailroadFrle Railroad stockNew York Central Railroaddiscount 12WX » * ' * . . . 8 0 a 82B a r r y ' s T r l c o p h e r o n a l a t h e oheapett article for dressing, beautifying, eui _ P~serrtag aad reswrtngTbeUr. Ladles, try tt.Iniertorwoods packed andi i t i t aBDDCTlOB _ GBHAT-Mantel Olanes*, he. to allLIVKRl'OOL OOTTON MARKET. IjvskFooL,Oct 82,1880.The sales of cotton to day foot up 10,000 bales, of whleh«____., *"** IN CHINA AND OLABBLIVERPOOL BREAD8TUFFS MARKET. LrnwpooL, Oct 22,1880.' Explosion In Mobile Bay. MOWLS, Nov 3,Messrs Richardson, Spenoe h O o . , Wakefield, Nash Co. ani others report flour Arm and partially advancedk1860. Tbe towboat Baltic exploded this morning. Severaldollars. The Ojvernor General, in bis communications toCotton quiet. Sales today 4,000 bales, at 11*0 a Pork dull. Bacon quiet. Lard Inactive. Tallow gene* l i u c for middling. Bales of the week, 86,600 bales.has pnt up Brennan for Register in opposition firm Ooffee steady. Spirits of turpentine dull. Rosin Stock in port, 249X00 bales Sterliog exchange6X a steady. 7>„' premium Exchange on New York X a X discount.to Lynch, the candidate of Mozart Halt It is LONDON MARKETS. Freight on cotton to Liverpool 1 SSd.LosDOJf.Oct 22,1860. Naw OaxaAXB, Nor. 8, I860.Joem MACKAV to GOLD ABD 8TLYEBi, all of Bought by «. a ALLEB. Alt Jthe last effort for the spoils. Public virtue will Wheat active for English aad firm for foreign. Sugar Cotton—market unsettled Sales today 8,760 bales:Mvanemg tendency, owing to the reduction of duty laDSedt. 6«a7MPremiomTditto, with bills of lading,6* a 8 w!wCof]Freeman Koolieod, to tbe 8Mb year of herpremium" h t wmange oa New York,X a X «»" MD. 0. HOBHHBAD, M. D., to Soto by allPBICB. CLAIBVOTABT WTSICLAB, CAMLtvamrooL, Oct. 83-11 A. M The markets have not yet opened.CottonIsheldfirmly.Arrival of the Enropa at Bostom.BosfO*. Nov. 4,1888. The steamship Europe, from Liverpool via Halifax, arrived here at aae o'clock la day. Her mail• were for- by the Sunday night train, due la New York toMcoaaulud at Bo.i, Nov. 8.188S. which left Denverforrepertsaterrific storm on the plain, on the JW£ « * »_» "«__• i causing the loss of from 8ftj to seventy five headercaltleTherehinoImportantaewsfromthegeU"Jt*"e. ThTexprvesTunTwest passed here oaths,81, being"toTM—COOK-4m Saturday, November S, after a short lltoem, WIIXUK soa of Christian aad Haaarora Cook, aged 8 year., Bmoalbe aad 18 daystt* relatUea and friecda of tbe family are respectfully torivedtosttenr.htafuneraloathle(Hoadey) eftes^eoa, at half past one o'clock, from the rest loses sfhto parents, Ho 848 West Twenty ninth street, to Lutheran Gem*CriBsaT—In Brookyln,-November 4, of oonaw^rAtoa, after a toag aad sever. Utoess, WOUAX Ctrixnxs, aged M^nerelativesandfriendsofthefamily«rerespectfully° ^**_ f i ioayp _t Ttl-Nov. 8,1868.Lrvxapooi., Oct 22,1880.bales; co. at all the ports, 127 000 bales Exports of theH DnuusT^Tt t^.tr dVoaaaib^ the demand Is not equal \~. {be afewhoar,behind«^j.^^ Jff^ *?*__,__ _» Sesfl.H M P » « Premium- Sightexehs^, «,Mr. Ward, speaks in exalted terms of the Americans aadADVICES FROMAdvices have been reoelved from Lieutenant Mortoa aslate as the 18th of September. Bewasonthe Pacific Side, not far from Golfo Dolce, and expected to be at Chl- rtqul lagoon by tbe 1st of November. He reports the route entirely pre -ticable.Dr. Evans bad finished tbe geological survey of the At tootleside,andreportsanabundanceofgoodcoal. From thePacificsidethatcoalexistedtherealso,butofInferior quality to the Atlantic oof1. Be reports a second routefor the road over table lands to the divide, thence bylowerridgeanddownthebanksoftherlrerwhich empties Into tbe lagoon This, he says, is entirely praottry tog all their camp equtpmenis.TBI RLscnea m CAIJFOBXIA\Broadway, Mew fork.IFulton street, Brooklyn.!•Maths,adapted not oaly to ftSenator Gwln write, to tbe administration that Brock tnridge will certainly carry California, aad that the demo- cratic Stats ticket will sweep the State, carrying both branches of the Legislature, thus securing a United States Senator.TBI tTXrrXD STATBS AVD CHUX.It Mnot generally known that there is no treaty ex-toting between the United States aad Chile, and has not been since I860. Flag's Commercial Regulations, pre- paredat theState Departmentandpublished byauthority of Congress is 1868, state that the treaty or 1882 is stlU tn force, but examination recently at the State Depart- ment bts resulted in the ascertainment of the fact other- wise. Chile, tn 1849, gave the twelve months'notice, accordingtothe thirty first article,of whloh both the treaty and the subsequent convention are end. 1.THK BOVBPARY BBTwamr WASHINGTON TxaarroRT AND THS BRITISH PROVINCESThe survey of the boundary between Washington Ter- ritoryandtheBritish provinceswill, it to expected,beEstablished 1839,EBNBTUOCEY SALT RIVERBOURBON WVVHHI8I81KBY DI8LILLBRIES. Address simply Bull's Rait River Distilleries, Beatucky.makers, shirt makerm, gaiter fluera, » Rroadway. and all kmds of tailoring. Otooa Ka"for a circular.AT JOBBT, 10 A»D U ABB calf dram Boots. »s toBeeta. B.B.—Oall and secttion will practically come before the two governments on the respective reports of the Commissioner of each nation In relation to that disputed point.SBEXTDAX KXOWLtSThe contradiction given to the report of the death ofantlfnl Complexion.-Laird's Liquid Beawtlfal Cohss iinteisii s ssmseBa ss having no equal far beantt- Pearl haa ssattwei a e—and preaerrtng the complexion aad akto. Bold at all fylng and preserving the complexion _Dr.Tea _Be says that he* ^ _ m^m -m _B ^waw^ ^ . f t copy.n^aWaevJ.SAAtW LS8 Ta/tevimm.at OMo'oloek. The fricadsof tbe faauiy h i ofOctober,arrivedatthisportattwelveo'clockonftidollarsandcentoIsinvolved.Mr.ClayhavingdemandedaWincreasedmoretbaafiftrpereastMaktacfullallowofMissH.Btortto,arereaweotfrnlytovttedtoatuad'<*ay night, bnt the telegraph wires not being la working hk passports, obedient to instructions, it follow*, of ace« for*ertons entitled tovotowbe will fall todoso. #e ought to poll from 100 (W to 119 W0 rotes. In tbe election dieMAXWra-O.flnadsTefteraooi.Kov^^ W^M i WXLL, at tbe advanotd are of 78 yeaiThe friends aad relative, are attend the funeral from his i second street, oa the northwest torder, it was impossible to transmit bar aews to the coarse, that diplomatic natations with Peru cannot be con- trtets where toe payShsfan baa rapidly toereased, It will befifty steerage passengers. Bar easts* was broken down case will be laid before Congress ia the President's forth- tenttoa of relnrnteg. ,itm mar be unable u doso,or your noon at one o'clockfor forty nine hows on the paasage. ThedatesbythePrinceAlbertaretwoday'slaterthaneemtag message. „.sanisotmrror AMBBICAXCLAIM.saAumcawA.Mr. Ward, our Minuter to China, states ia his deepatche.t o t h e g o v e r n m e n t t h a t t h e c l a i m s or a l l t m e r i e e n s a g a i n s t the Chinese government, extending from 1840 to 1857, have been fully discharged under Mr. Reid'a commercial convention of 1818— principal and Chinese Interest at twelve per cent per annum—sixty-five In cash at this date and the rest In rapid collection, while England and Prance have not received one farthing; but, on the other hand, have incurred debti to carry on the expeditionHooaa—Oa Bttarday, Nov t, at half pact flv. o'clock A M., Borsu, eldest daughter ef George aad Sophto Moore,aged18years,imonthsaad10days.pAUfw—InNarrowsburgh,SuIUvaacounty,on Sunday, Nov. «, of consumption, ymaax C P a n * , native of Boron, F r a n c e , a g e d 3 7 y e a r s s a d 1 0 m o n t h sMAKns._ln Brooklyn, on Saturday, November 8, ef consumption of the brain, M—nraA M , wife of Levi Mer- lin, art d 32 yearsreRfrom dmgen eseator ttananywhichhavetl.reaunedIt•lneetbedavwaea,atem*Oaten •* The ttoe for arRunaentispassed. We tovBs you to theactivedutiesot theeomhu stnumieWe caution you against mtswiaw to keen out lecal votes7b« false pr« tett M»et up that tats city cannot poll moreW t*^T w*»t T"rvath street, tbh (htoaday)vote stay be abut out Tonr ataxia »ote mav aave your eoun- trvaed rescue tbe great interests of our commercial netrJ poha.a Afteryen haveyourselfvoted see allyourfrlrnds-wbo are favorable to the Unlcn electoral BaflrSt, sad get them to vote, and to vote early.8 M e r c h a n t , a n d m e n o f b n i t a s s a , a s f a r a . y o u c a n , e t e s e ycur uteres and offices, to order mat your etorka aad e uptoyes may Mttend the ?oUa.Give youraerrea, aad enable them to |tra this owe day to your country.IIMmenofmtellljrenceandcharacter,especiallyIn'hedis'ttcta where tbe voters are numerous aad may be abut out second daughter of Paul Byas, aged &years, 11 month,"Snow White OrUntal Cream.""A Clear Complexion" Is Desired by aUladles. Vm PHALON'8 ••Snow White Oriental Cream." Gouraud'i Oriental Cream, Kougc, L.11 y-whlte. Poudre Subtle for uprooting superfluous hair, aad Medicated Soap, at 67 Walker street.Triumph of Ait—Cameron's invisible Wigs and Toupees; new and novel invention, detection Inposdruggtate.Principal depots 7»T and 496 Broadway.fully and satiafastortlyttouee aa good aa ever, aad I add my testoaoay a bis f averJosephThesie'instrumentsaremadeuponanawprteetnle,s due* a radical core for Hernia, hupture or woslaan sreMema.easytowear,suretoheal anpressure«aU or spermatic eord, but have aScrofula.-A Few Bottlaa of Kennedy's Medldal Discovery, a judlctoun applioatkm of toe Scrofula Ointment and Bealtef Ointment, aad strictly following toe direction to the pamphlet around each bottle, wUl rare tbeCan Dyspepsia he CmredTIBIot CndombS-edly Holloway'a PUla wfll promptly relief tts amat dn- sad the glass is rich em aad aofraved Basnaatoi treastaaseualee and tbdr eoatlnneduse^•_^_*_fl_tfeS the whole forming a sarrtos to tor tos htotl most argravawd eaa*. to fsur or Ave days to mo*, rrypeems—-The beatin theworld., f_^»toj«* ret,B- "" ""Thoreday, Ho_ " " ••* "S^ejaB-aa BJafB l U a d . iTOOal Bam sstslsf W___b8_»asweet, una (Honday)08 twa• «v ^ •••••"•yi«ovssnwsrs.aneraehsrttnneaa. Wa. B KaxiT a native of tbe comity of ataanaBsLaSssT Leawkean^tebmd, to the 48d y t a r e f j a y ^ 'S e h ^ r e s n Phltodelphto^^ fthee*' ^i.meksht efhtaRvAX—OnSnadayeventog,November4,Q—oaHmaPA,_. A'»ABtTABD PAaTYjrPTB.rT. ByHm BBWARD • • ••!Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 