 p-a- BBCI.«•* I rj 1.4aartire at aia toear rate . af4 toM,r a=f*,u I «a It IfftVKW TOEK .HERALD, THURSDAY, MAT 24. 1880.-TRIPLK SHEET. at of bexing tfcouid decrease tha ana af abalaw by toktor a* arm*v x t a a mat*M awaaa wtth aa, weaia, m toe aauuon o> BMado:trera, he aa pana an to atarye b»m with pfraey tor ten'ag the oam- aabMiueas Tthr man. ton eaaaa aa<i the dreamJUT a!f* J ! ! L *ftn«Min*.-y that toey mom he £*£* *? •aftWl'a *ucce»t »UJ stop Gar. aaiftl as a araeral and ommaaaa ofrank, defeat, rwm and tests mill cause aim to be••tac aa a (jntiiifti, adaasiaaei af di•oak/"dgmrnt, whs has thiuas away h a iftft to"• -<parate Mwaitoftog sttomai. The expeditioa to Sctl?• • * » « • » • be ranked wtth ftruiiam af Otaaai'stosvlCfw»paa<t—t.f Aummo, many, April aft,paatos roM a Abate de reetmbhftbed by the Otto guard.aahetosrft1 tonat para of0*«»•»«sotMMm0nmu spread very rssaftly to the totortor usftU hardlyatrtoaft reaataed to yaaftaaaw af the B a g tf Ma nam, cx-.^rtectttamtheceBft^tf whkmtettSs to* principal It*toaiabaaaaMaloton*(armed•—aaartoipitosflBwreaeaabyoutwtotogtoaThe .Pao-ir of this evening contains news fremGeaoatoem) atonal,rrw aad ahto to bid aaftaans to Baaatoi the Saeand. Ca 'aruaeatfy, attaaag ft for atold, though I a mdoseto permitted to Garibaldi on Sardinian ground. Only i s Mobil* or Km Primal hat a jaansaal aaaamma* Ac safe the /rseftam qfwctvun erjo&d oy tas Qtnerolutoa. They not only embark wtth eaea, bat the newspapers punkah the adftwoaam wtth which the ad-ashmen are always beaten to m e first campaign: lite alln>ca of strong onaracier. they gather force from aitofnitune. It it-ems that, like •ataeas, they mom ktoa theaarth before they knew their strength, tor after a aeriesof the manofacturers.Great excitement prevails to Genoa and Lmnbardy,from which quarters almost all tha volunteers bswooema;Baaa a n as follows — Itexbaxiao—Wilsam LaaaeO, toaac fiB. Goodwto, Dante) M. Bill, Joseph B. man K. alley Milton Btorrto.eaaatr? leaftte to• MI , aato to ft • •aaa ad.Uvtog a our told af O n i t o , J * t a »w d:a*attja to fersusg ansa aanavvy ie threw off the yoke to a country •ettea » too date ay eeaxm» af yawiecpto(wlBsrty.lhsy a a a aa aoaaa credit for ft.MM•a? Mtray ami to bo aftot or drift-fad off Tor• masted aflftar; bet evee at ft to, ft* toe country people•to- than would b* no ftftototofto ft«7 hare fought lift*n t a 4«tperne oourage, atoo w a g t h a tftojr kaom II latZ m aototof wtth thai (My yeafterday moniaf, aft* ana w of to) ciy, ebooa fire hundred pom remnants of the battlea fought tor your aaiatry.tow that to the North (Venetto) we have sailtato, toiparieetry an—d wtth scythes, pitch"orbs and enslaved brethren: aad that the people to thebaldi a able pablioly to charge hto countryaaa to aw every means to aid ban to hto enterpnm He tsUathat wherever Italians are fighting against theirstractton will be a work of time Bat than » stillanother reason which has made as allude tsthto singular fight Ws mean the profound aad univenal ano ardent interest which It has aroused to Bagtoad, sad which seems to as to have a political surnitiesnee. During the last,year and a half volunteer riflecorps have been formed In England, and the aewly awakened popular interest to the recent fight to tottoaatelyconnected wtth the prevalent Idea among Englisamen, ofthe necessity of taking wuftwrw for the defence of theirterritory. Several of the Frencn newspapers, in speak journal affirms Calabria to be the p a c e of dtoembarka- ing of this light, have only seen in it a rude and disgusting• to) point of a revolution, and the aoidiere are not ao aaton aa tony athorvtoa would ho, hoi It ahoom that the icuac* bare not tost ail mete aaeteat spirit of bravery, MI « B J I exeats oar lit—ft apmpatbytts asoendaney, and taking the toad once more, show the wsy to s certain sad ftoal victory.GID8BPPE GARIBALDI The tone to wwtofa PsribaMi spake to those who urgedIn the House of Oommona, Mr. Digby Seymour calledattention a the state of the l a v relative to collisions a sotted from the batter inquiry. By reference to the•wCT* jfTWO , CVCS»sftmli •ARinintfes OF GARAB IUH.tor toe journey; that the toetlian amtodaalyaadar the toaasttos a resular army to a varypowerful amchina There to ", a _#_mjfcm^sfMft If: mtorwr h story of the world of a asopto wtthsthe trees of the pattern at to)truthfu by to. Le- ase to tha struggle the aidgtoattoHe to boitt after be to tha typeIsaportaat treat Tarkey.pawn 1 totrguea is Turkeywere again afloatAdvtoea from Cnas^satteeple to the 3d instant assertthat at C00 Ramans were collected upon the Fran. It was also reported tha the Pone had aaesaaMed a esrpv dorase* of 30,Ode Baa a Wtedto. The capita wsa nearlymi" toi was taeaallowad toqiisatoas from tswofitetel to the ebaigaa exteased to pflfertogrr^.y «***.** J — - 0 " > » 0^'«rti ftJamy* he fores wttboat samef foreign help 1aenee of civilisation •fan.mac to a awteerpfece of cultivation. Bat ws(meet that hash the atammsf are a e a of theanoraa lta England mmto its virility, bnt autl the Base Englandtwomen to rivalry, bat BOenmity. Theaay fight each other mte Homers heroes, bat they would unite agaimv, a foreigner The m » g i > * — _ •at help being proud whan he ases sa American, too says, "It to I who made him what he to." He to proud of the btows he receives from hto formidable child, aad raangnlms ato owa btoad- We desire toobsaiie here haw thoroughly this Englahman ttsyen, wraaseatobto satoto Patient endurance in aomi table energy, invincible perseverance, a tacit oath to die rather than yaid—those atothignehtag aunbates of the Bftfttih chancier a n strongly, marked to thto pogibstic drama Ahbcngh we may acandahte s o a e delicate mates. we cannet hesp ailah Ing that miraculous faraaade sadThe Porte to stated to torn resolved upon eactertog to the Servian depatotam at Constantinople that, to sstoetpto, tt by aa meant aakaowtodgm the hereditary righto of theaT,"^VERT LATEBT. TttXBABAJtfBC FBCftf LOMBOM TO Q^ftENiTOWN. Leamoa, May 1S—P. MBaMajaateaad the Prince Coaaocamp thto morning to Aiderahott, where they will tU Tuesday,The funds have experienced a fresh fall Theotbera confessed to sundrypears tha tkwv have <K. Began; abaobead 4t Oa . sa 'k Merrill, Date square: Baaa * Ctoyton Atkins k Boa. South Market 1(f burn, on Court street Lyttbererom Httle auser, boom, rags, etcquite wtanac. Nearly all with the mode of examination, which preserve and toqetottertol, wtthallowed t a ropon taemeetoas,damaging charges from sButchma to aat a 1sent in hto hfe aad actions Justice inHntchtos sad Goadwte' aad the others, after being ei'^?&£f £%£*£—^Ifttotoraaftjft^jmMtoreThe Neapolitan force Is large, wall appointed, aad aot ill cosamaaded. Baas Jealousy between soldiers aad civi 9ma which since 1MB hasThh) leaar a to aatonr toato man annnr *of toa^raert esarst ale oarps which woftkl mafte"a FrenchBetween theawaw late affuateaa I: a not nnhkaly Swto or toftSwh em Kingdom will offer that brave man a field, raablinntriaa regteent delighted to charge a Parisian orBab, will so doubt animate the King's troops aaatoa toe ficflan msarsaato. No great daftaaoe, though a vary dateaft country, to to be traversod The chief w was are accessible by sea, and the sea Is at the com mend of tha Ktogto fleet. Troops have been sent hi s few hours from Naples to Palermo, sad reuuorcemr nts can be poured to as long as they are necessary. The chances aie, therefore, attoftgty aaaraat the suocets of the move m e a t It ft quite possible that if the communication wtth the mate toss were cot off, the luaurgeuto wouM be ableto hold atote wea asahiBl the troops already to the totoad: bat if the Ktog to aJtowed to aw the whole strength of the la coercing hto refractory province, we think the•"Jaftw I P r t V a f T w IDa) Demw) CwmwafwafHaV Wamnajaatto.toe eeanmaa aunftard. What wastImVlMonM)good atar to anaaaaa wrfttoa andreaaea, bat h a na'toheiwtth aa»r^h wawBftwftl ins aasasaed to daasasato ssaasto power of will which sustained the a^H^K^, „j,lle to the 11th teat, ttottog tbat Colonel Media, the friend tf freedom tfstoma* made'wtil tn all pvwbahilay ho Beaton to eel the to wbMto ha fHradft pat op ha same agatomarkets a n decreased.Railway stocks very heavy. PASS, May 12,1880.but suab BtoidasBB aad openness are snawswtded and a ready 10 nik it in the moat desperate encounters. by the proceedings of the Italian General anaad Italy'sto 1 nma mi By thto ftme they trreccacltobh) isimlia, aad I am habeve it, that thethe present occasion. The alleged license of Bri-tishinstitutionstocertainlyaioaadoftbywhatEng'sndonthefieidofbattle.HtotorvtellsustnuBog readybeenenrolled.Allthearmshaveliniaipailiaseilment,anngwpeadthrM,aadretammomoetaw.tan heart af Ktotg Vtotor Banaaast from ah) aerf aaertnttngleader of ton larton hope, hy rousing totsaa n*—— af Petortoo datruated the aappal of toe right, bnt perhaps ewer enafldtng aasnd of the reateaaas chief endeavors to rouse ha countrymen. Gariof defeats we find them ever masters of too field of bat-tle. If they a n not thoroughly beaten at Brat, their de but tt to asserted, however, that the energetic dlploaatl-Llow to, 8y rrester 1>,M m I Berttott, J.BBI aad dltey, are1JesapbBatcht# thetouched upon that sublimity which may seem akin to BoUxg Pitermo, alto Km* to rapatry fljjtog it with nmdnesn. To thoaa was called hto attention to theand Count Cavoor an unfriendly feeling seems to have long existed. Oa toe whole, It to aa* strange that Gari- baldi should seek a new field for the display of hto en- ergies, nor strange that the Sardinian government should be glad to let him go. Garibaldi ases to the BtoJhaa in •the chance of to granted renown. Count Ca- melry a much more euited for rival than Turin. IT the General aaa and good: if he cannot, be will eithermm of which thorn are atoaady aboutM tranaporta are brtB|ing thefts to daily by hundredsaaamaaa of meeting with the Neapoatoav erxnasts, he toOJted about the feasibility of boarding the NeapolitanWe quote ;— Orleoat.Than are really no moafteto nor powder in theanatry The afty ft to • moat deplorable atote, the Turin esasasatdaa. There aaa a rumor to day thatnfth Battery toaf iaaaha,tan navy.•erring at pay tosr oasto par dtom, toftBga ahont In THE SICILIAN INSURRECnON IN THE BBI-licly opposing the Indian flaaacto! scheme of Mr. Wilson, go on hto forlorn bops withjany whom he can persuade to bad caused the government to recall aim from the GovKtog, n JftatonsT of theto the fwaltotn of gaol for Yoong land,are those who would eren amnre aw that theKing cTtoead assns rettastoa.aa ha ftroewdaw sa htoova-ttoDS through Central Italy, whanerer the name af tonhero of Varans happin aJ to he oowptod to the poopteaeatery with that of the ooaqaotar at Sea Martina I amisever think so meanly of Victor Imaaael, I m y , aad atany rate, a to rery clear from the above totter that Ctort- "but, fttoee these brethren of ours are fighting, I seemed baWl does sot reciprocate me tooling; sad, whatever amy it my duty to ay to the rescue." Of course, s per he hto frame at artod wtth respect to the King's advtoars. I t o a* to) Continental press attributes the rising tohe atill to, aad I bettors will evar be, ataanch to the King The evening papers publish another proclamation ofGaribaldi-rrALu.f SOLDDBB —For atow oaatoTtoi the want ofEngland. One journal states that the Sardinian govern- ment did all to to) •aaaa to prevent the embarkation, but mat "the InsurrectionaJ Committee of {Loadoa, which had prepared the eatorprtoe,'' was toa canning, and overevery obstacle. Without thinking it worta while to we may bag to suggest s doubt of the great castttoaaef she aardtotoa giniiimasM It seems toexhibition. For ourselves a* neogala the stay of an; mal instinct but we think that there tf something else to which attention should be paid T M firar defence of Bay- tend constots to her wooden walto; but her second Una of defence consists to the broad chesa and formidable arms which pay their part to coatesto oka thai which we hare described. England aees to them s provision for the de fence of the country. Such, tt Beams to us, to the moral of this tight—such the explanation of the interest It baa excited tn every clan of Engl sh society—and such to our excuse for having occupied ate attention of our readersThe Grand Duke Nicholas, tf Russia. to expected to ar- r r n to Parts next laaaday.Roan, May 8. 1860. General Lamoricier9 continues to concentrate the PapalUrotpsaTeahOThe King of Naples has aabsniasd 1,000,000 scud; toPABW, Saturday—3 36 P. M. Bonne very flat and agitated. The final quotation of rentes was 69 86, being a further decline of 40 mattoasftMr. Lessen to charged wtth bnactog aad entering Bol- ton a shoe store on Court swea, on the night tf April fig, snd larceny therefrom. Bsftshtas aad Goodwto an chargad wtth breaking aad aatartog the saaawag store of ramoal H Newman, 41 Court street, aad awaaay tf a surt o! eiotbts therefrom aa the sight tf May 17to chargad wtth receiving theman's store. Another was charged wtthchargad wtth ataahag a pan- of pane of glass in a atore aear Court sqaad family n p p m a abtatoad aa aaadad hipean tbat whea they wanted anything to e a or thernaerns aad lamiltoa, they "west to" sad sat Itto a cheap way of getting along, but has lis dangers, a the present cast- shows.Hutchins Goodwin and Inane!! were taken to the }«fl a about half n a a eleven o'clock, to atoarga tf data aft sa at- fleers Wright and Heath, aad a o a e o clock yaateroay morning were all baited out by Judge Wells, tf tas Police Court, in 61,000 each, wtth two ananas to eaah aaaa. Taey are all held to appear for examtoatten to the Pain Oourt thto morr ing. a ten o'etosk. The csae a MeCrillto win take place a the aame time. Whether theconcord and dactptme tod to grtotons ratoaalttos fir oureocntry To day nothing aaa be more admirable thanthe unanimity which breathes through the whole popolaBon, trom the Alps to tocily. Oar dtoctprtne harm yet us that Garibatdi has had hit own wsy to thto matter Itsomething tor sa to wtoh, although both af-ftftaftsaaa aad vaior you save such instances as amy enable the nationto reorganise nana",aad appear to a Who would enslave ft.may he ae fault to the Cabinet of Turin to sympathtoe with the Sicilians indeed, every liberal minded man to Europe must wtoh them success. The relations, too, of the Courts of Sardinia ank Naples are such as not to de-any great delicacy on the part of King Victor1. But we think that the Sardinian (governmentcan hardly churn to bare made aay great exertions to fa-vor of Neapolitan authority, aad that they may as wellPartesere la your onion. Italian youths' ye gloriouswith adeacripttonof i tsinceyesterdayMarbets.JAMES HMWrTT AKD CO 'ft CTttCTTLAll.Lrvaaraot, May 11, I860.aot affect a virtue the absence of which will be no re- o4 a tew rusty mueketo, diuse bask far nearly 8mth whea rid of the iopeand the Bourbon, will need proach.area auks ft rogtoaest af Ito) King, ftftd tato your rwell organtoed mantol example to prepare torgrester cenmeto Garibaldi has, during the late events tn Italy, displayedawaag eevea or eight cart toads of rttoalitod aol. la the same of the revtvtef country I recommend, trails of character ahatov to those which to popular es-ton oaa)e tato too ctty One instinctively recalls to therefore, the youth whose presence fllht the ranks of timation belonged to the tote Sb* Charles James Napier. sad atimttor exploit of ear forefataare wftea they com our brave army, not to fall away Item these ranks, bat Bra*e as hto sword, dashing, atventurooe, and fitted forrather to railv closer under their able commanders, aad the most difficult eatorprate, he has yet to time of peace aawsd toe struggle tor Hearty. A port of thin anaceaa that Victor, whose bravery may he saanam ml far oae been pronounced rough and impracticable by thoaa in au-stoteabtowtog to the toot that Naeaa Itself to aim at moment by pualmniaaous advtoars, hat will •ssatoaamas thority. Since the neeelm ton of the war he has, It ap-Great Brtlata.In the House of Lords, oa the 10th tost, the hill abo-lishing the doty oa paper aaa mad a first time.Lord Monteagle gave aottds that whea a a measureCorrav—A good demand cntatoaas a nrevsil, with aslight accession of strength to the market, but ato atffl-npoa him the desperate naaartoi' of hto enterpna Based by a government candidate. Between the Generalaaa. ao far as foreign vessels a n concernedMr. M. Gibson aid the Board of Trade wen alive to theImportance of the subject, sad had entered into commu- nication wtth the Foreign Office to the matter.Mr. Haliburton cailea attention to the French fortifica- tions at St Pierre, Newfoundland, which he regarded as contrary to stipulations.figures below tt will be seen t h a the amount taken for consumption since the 1st of January has now reached 668. 00 tabs, bang largely in exceai of any former year: a the saae time the Continental markets a n drawing largely on this port for supplies, the exports thither being nearly double any previous year, with the probabilities tn favor of a farther augmentation to the demand from thatquai ter.Garibaldi had landed at Tamaaoae, aear Ptombtoe, oa ateTueean coast. He a evidently beattop about, ao as to be- not come beck at all, ar be win come back so fallen towilder with his movements sad toad astray the Neapoli repute as to be no longer dangerous. So he to allowed to8d. Tj<d. 7>,d. of bonestv, seal, aad even piety some tf them being The imports for the T9.0CO bates, aad members of the church. They indeed state the beery tfud bluerone Atereeyatopyon meat them, to fttoi to every •treat,ata dead anarch pane,which, with toftaf rverytbmg dnrtof thai reign of tow, fftoft to mm any city of Pfttoraaa a otoarohyarda— pamfni m wttaiaa. Often with thaaa dies of< 9 ( M i aaJf-damm a? mare man who are not tn the nmam ft toe King af -Neptoa, hot with eorftn on theiradirmried iniaaianaaooa, aftrttog toiae>« the whftto. These am aame of the prtncipaj and Perugia, they might allow the example to be followed tn asanas amaarcsy aaH, ao doubt, awcrasM the difiatUtathe asks 6d,C00. Including that sent from the quay direct administration 0! Sir C Trevailyan by Sir C Wood aad to spinners. The trade have token 62,000, speculatorsHeaven to serve the tatanic one.Mr. Hutchins was formerly sa officer a the House tfCorrection, and since an connection with the department has been considered a shrewd officer, and on several oc- casions has been seat out of town In the capacity of a detecove.•aft rmpactabto saaate of the ctty.aad with thftfta theIreland. Bat the Ska urns wore really nghtmf for a noblecoma, which, sa tar as possible, should be aaawatodwhurh threaten Jaaapa TateCentralAuenras<£aestlonla Psr-Moment.In the House of Lords, on the 11th inat, the Earl ofh U u n m c x T inquired whether the under Secretary forForeign Affairs would have any objection to Inform thecame overheated, aad that aoane corn which was stowed • e a r them caught fire.and steady prices b a n bees realized. The sales comprise fieobftts. plantation a 3 8 s to4ls.for Jaaaaioa and a 87s. od. m 44s. for Antigua 75 hhds Porto Rico a 4ft to atearecrowdedtoaaftfttoftftft,orarydayoweihagtoe byanyillegality. Vthegovernmentweredftmoaed Atttomgh aaatotog fhafta am* to rot to to treat the recruiting tor tha naa to Irelandwtth contempt, toey could aot ao treat the expedi ItoT pnaoM, many of mom wfthout canae, m torn to Stony af General Garibaldi. Once tot him aft mough, thane are only Ktog Bomba'a mUftV penetrate into the Interior of that aiaad, aad the contestB to atoted t h a the Stock aatchange Committee whichwasinvestigatingtheopatatuasofI'uilingar,tue 6d,660bagsBallya«s0d.,and2,8C0mattlowbrown»m, wno, under the pratooat of ptoytag about the en- against them by the Kmg »f Sicily ITthto tamed oat a nam. amaaged to throw paoom of bread matfte tor ttoftr mag straggle, the attention of Europe would be drawn At the and of a week the aoidtera, getting very much to the subscription which was gettttsg op tothe Nicaraguan government, aad the cos in aa editortol on thto correspondence, asserts that the sion of the Bay Islands to^ Honduras, on con Cabinet has been fiercely a variance oa the commercial dittoes Insuring the safety of her Majesty's subjects in treaty, the badge!, the franchise, the increaseu incomefPaasx.Per Cental.TISH PARUAatEHr.InahaBouseof Commons,onthe11thtost.,Mr.GreatDuff, who had given notice of a question upon tha aob jeet, said he should expaain the rasanaa amy he put It to the fewest possible words. It might be asked why heLord Palmerston, who both regretted tbat the govern- 'aftftfttwasensaaetiadtotaketheaeverecoursetheyhad.Sir Henry Ward, to present Governor of Ceylon, to spo- ken of for the Governorahip of Madras4,000, and exporters 10,600 bates. To-day 8,060 balsa wensold,themargetclosingsteady.The business doing a Manchester, to goods and yarns to not 00 extensive aa aame tome back, but prices remain perfectly steady, and the trade was never in s moreDuring the afternoon on Saturday the wives tf some ofhto moral ananinti arguments. Lant would become a very serious oae Indeed. It was tree bouse to what atote of psagresas the Important negotia that the great towns of Sicily lying on the a—beard weald ttoas connected wtth the Central Sates of America wereiBBraaj Uurmsn of the principal cftiaeaa ware marched be to the power of the Neapolitan government so long m at present- thto was an important matter, not so much as BBaad ahot d»«n like dogn. thaaa were too romaant of they could keep the aaa; bat snmaet not he forgotten that relates to the relation of those States themselves with Great :arj pemana who ware betrayed by a monk, who, like there ware large parte of that country meat admirably Britain, bat as to the settlement of the kmg vexed qnes-defaulting caahier. had n a been able to trace the poaefbuity of hto having incurred loams an the Stock Bmhsngeequal to one quarter of the extent of bis embesxtementIt to clearly established t h a he had large transactions enthe turf, but he to said to have usually been a winner.An impression prevailed thaaecunties foraome poraonof the ambeaxlemaat might yea be discovered. Tee Lon-Mauritius at 34a ; also 80 oasea 8,800 bags Brazil a fits, for Pernsms and Paraibe, 24s. Ad. for Oaara, aad a 23a. for tow brown Bahto, heames a cargo of Paralba afeat for a t outport a 33s.90. per csrtBiaunerrrraV-The continued fftvorebie weather exer- ctoes s depresstag influence on the market, but, although the baaman of the week has been limited, there has beenNaar ttem esctped, and for a week ware aonaaaleil oa trtcto the villages stood atmoaftarwayeoa reeky eminences toraafof the towaa, tvteg on ttcaeaa asd mom The they ware bailt wtth narrow streets, sad altogether they two got off a abort datoaon to a aortofeavo, aad were of that character that a mere handful of men couldmant went out of office there were three questions under consideration, namely, the settlement of the boundaryA spicy cm impendence between Lord John Russell and Bar) Gny relative to their respective courses on the Re- form question bad been publahed. The London fteaes,k«« alormauen of it. drown toe eoudren away and ato- thto country Not mat he believed that aubecrlptton would those islands. The discussion of these three subjects had tax, and the repeal a the pastor duty.Western red Western white Southern red Southern whiteJK-J 1 guexd there—too late, bowerer, for their fnanon ever amount to any sum that wauld be a vary eoaadera onag seen benlly at work all the white, the b e assistance to the Bkalton cause, bat it would be so con-been commenced by the tote government, and he should like to know the progress made In the negotiations. He had read to the newspapers, the other day, that the BayThe Prince of Wales had accepted the honorary colo- nelcy of the Volunteer Rifle corps, formed of the civil service employes.dar eOaotiad aa ade, by which theysiderable as at toast to attract attention and If there was anything Utogai to it he thought it warn aad proper that the government should declare it to be ao. Our pasHtoa with regard to Stdry was a very secahsr one—aad If It were doae on the oondiuoc laid dosm first by tract during the Russian war aad developed more rotten- Lord Ctoreadon aad afterwards by himself, he thought it n e a in the vessels, aad a total uaatoaa Cor lurthsr ser-white 36s. a 37t od. per quarter.Flour.Pork has been in limited demand, without change toof deathf m no two persona are allowed to wait ttounconsciousness until atx o'clock the next morning, whea Per Barrel. he dad. A number of witnesses 1 imialiwatoil Mn. Cor- Ma. Od. a 27s fid. coran's testimony. A verdict tf "Death by fracture tf27s Od.aiWa. Od. the akoll. produced by being atruck hy a piece of brick 38s Od. a 30a. Od. to the hands of Thomas Woods," was rendered by theWhy we ahonld dtoftvew ail connivence wtth illegal aa- in m i n i s ft toiiaaa and antabimti toe ft a adean of a ataxce given to the Stotttons. It seemed to htm that shethe sales being large, a aa advance of folly Is. a Is. 6d. per e a t , aad now commands readily 62s. a 6te- for CumMar » —John A Parma m. John f ZaMrp.—Thto case most go back to the referee for rorthsr testimony. Thaand. there a an oaportaaity for Tanksa enter-ret ihay bars had an satondasnppoft oraaturaiiy lank to Tloter Emaaoat, bat, for raaftma [aabcj u s aot banty he mm totortore to the atroggie. iwiag ana ahown the other day, whan the amniowas sad wtoe coarse far tha country »taftft. as the head of the conatwationaJ govemmenta In Europe, was to strive that the nrtocaj>toof andean! naanrtaiyahiialrt ha r w ^aad that every nation should settle its quarrels w thto its own territory. They might be oartoto that the Uberal cause to all countries was to the aaasadaat, aad, If they. 'Dr. Leagiey. Btotoop of Durham, has been appointed Archbahsp of York.for short ribbed. Lard—There to a decided improvement in the demand from the trade, and the sales are larger than for some time past, being abent 1,200 tierces, a aa advance of 6d. per cwt upon our last quotation We now quote good refining a 57s 6d. a 68s., and choice a 68a. a 68s per c * tJudge.James D Bote « . Km. H. AsaiaVm—The written re-dtoCfttohtto, arftoftataa he oartoto af a the heroic• f * ^ f *»- or it may be ranked wtth MoraVa aad ingOftha prtapeeto of thegfttoery. mm toaaaiaitoatoffttsaaaa. The ftetd» • * otmrtssors with all the lary which ywata of aaatoapire. Th. royal traopa haTO Wariesof ettlseas, haatUy armed sndi Men ftf aH iftamt amia*JHttffrmfaWe have heard of men ooosmrtog to the streets,flghttog for two heun with one arm agatost the human Garibaldi, was forwailing the prsaaiatluus for s second with lrveiy feet aad aniioos nerves After to* < svatonche which was eonunoally roiling npoa torn. torn had aaaa completed, aFive sad twenty times waft he flung upon the sward, aad eipedtticn.of which the Colonel would take the command, The committee finally came to tothither all brave men should be seat, and insurrection should be aided, not in SicilyThe Patrie adds, the Neapolitan government to in aeon dittos to refuse al! attacks.All ofIed wtth station2."Mr. CUley atbebarboriher aaoaatoft are to be met " I did not a Sicilian abasement," adds the General,The Ctoaawftte iftabaaato belieres Gee. Garibaldi would dmenfbajk a Terractoe, on the frontier between the Nea polttsn and Papal States, another variation to the sameIt was atoo decided to retell to etmtody toe, LasseU, Goodwin and MsCriua, accordingly ftaued, on wfitoh they w e n Toa beS'ars, not risen in the favor of the Ktog or hto Minuter*, to persona! popctortty among the Italians is great, but this to the result merely of hto military reputation- aa a paaatotoa he to ao little esteemed Mat we are told he to likely to be defeated to say election where he to opwill be lengthy or not, to n a known. As the 1waive. Deveiopements a a mote liilnistolng aaiin 1 amybe expected whenever the facte of the case do aame eat, all of which will be made known to the publicMeCrillto was arrssted oa Friday night a hto bourn, No. 887 Bamson avenue by Deputy Chief Bam aad deteeftwe officer Wright, and policemen Hutchins and Goodwto were arrested a the atothin house a oas o clock oa Bator day morntog, after they crjae to from their baaa Mc OriUtotoa maebmat, though ho has aat •arkad a hto trade ainoe hto daftabasi 1 from toft paHn demateaaat It probably baa paid better to Mb. Tha point, however,remains to be settled, in view of what to to cane oat of Low middong.. •J»d, 6d. 6%d these little transactions8b? Charles Wood explained that toe official insuberdi Middling e*.d. 63.-d. CJad. Among the officers examined an Saturday a n thoaa natton of Sir C. Ireveiiyan, Governor of Madras in pub- Good middling. 7d. e?4'd. 6Vid. who have been moat dtoungotohed for their declarationsM a w hto fortoneaNothtos; woulo afford more pleasure to Englishmen thanof the flue atond which to now beingwtthblood. Itoshortconnectionwtthsagtoad,to the days o' Lord William Bentinek to looked back toby Stautoas aad our own countryman aa aa oasis toernorahip. High complimena were paid to the generaltomnnyfive and twenty ttaee be rose agam, the living image of aad tor taking part to whtett a%gw» rabaatoan have al-seven a the feuitona abacame on for its second reading, he should move tbat It be etea to warrant any change to quotations, except for fairnad a second time tbat day ax months—in other words, descriptions, which are ^d higher. The relavtvely highthat tt be rejected. prices a the better descriptions have caused some increaseThe Earl of Derby a'so pledged h'maelf to oppose the to toa demand for tow qualities, both for consumption andof toe aland s history. If we could either givedid not rather put a question wtth respect to the recruit- a better government to Naples or separate the island from ty, to toe House of Lords, was regarded with much inter- healthy condition, llotwttlatoitdlng there Is some dnni the men, ignorant at the cause of their detention till theyThe threatened opposition to the repeal of the paper duing that was going on m Ireaad tor ate troops of the the mainland, we wmld gladly doit. Bat thto tosurreo est, as it mtjht possibly toad to a Ministerial crisis, sad notion to the exports this year compared wtth the ftraread the announcement a the evening papera, < City Ball, where, confident of their bnabands' they awaited the result of the toverttttatton that they w e n , in a degree, the victims tf confidence. Btotory and social life are full of Uka thaaa. All tf these officer! b a n familiesThe excitement about the etty toaffair en Satur lay was very great Thto wasby exagerated rumors.TELEGBAPH1CBonos, May SB, I860At the arraignment of the police officers for robberies, thto morning. Hatching failed to appear, the other 1 were postponed til! Jus*.Coroaer'aTHI VOBETTUS Boaucms fljm —Ooroaar Gamble con-cluded the lnqoea yesterday to the exes of Patrick Cor-coran, a native of Ireland, aged 30yean, who was toiletwhile engaged in a street fight wtth a man namedThomas Woods The wile of deceased, who'was the prin-Pope. His answer was s very simple one—that recruit tow to, we fear, aot destined to any prosperous result ing w s s s o perfectly iinrgsl that be could only suppose the Ike vxrrtt fsatom absaft it to mat, aateftaar asaaaws, to ctfreason why the government did net interfere to pot a forcU fs> flench end Atutriom jwanmaaaaa anclher orates mop to It was,'that while other couatrtos ware sending for interposing. What may be the views of the formerwould provoke a a nous tosue between the two houses at quarter of 1S6P, then to no accumulation of stocks in any P w lament. department, but on the contrary, there exists great dim- A tire occurred oa board the s earner Prince Albert cutty to buying for immediate delivery, produosn betagthree days before she arrived to Gaiway, but it was full of orders for two to three months ahead.the sweepings of their Jala to luftssteaa the fsiiihiiaas af Power can hardly be yet divined, but u s state 9/ Ae A>« speedily subdued. It ap Jean that the steam pipes be- Br«Aa —There has been a fair inquiry during the week,the mater, which the plea of "guilty" to likely to pro adapted for guerilla troops. Even in the most fertile dia tion of the Clayton Buiwer treaty When the late govern duos.airy, however, forced sales have been made a a conces- sion on previous quotations. Indian corn, being to more libera supply sad freely offered, has given way to the extent of ati. to Is. per quarter.Continental markets remain very firm, seeming to sym psthtoe but little with the inactivity on this aide the cftan nel. We quote;—am ttoj were eanoeatod by the country poopto'a etui defend them against better troops than could be sent line, the nssatoa of the Mesoutto protectorate to•a* mrowB tote a ferrueat by toa antral to the bay only prevented oas despotic Power from aasatting anothertordaaa man oi-war. tato aato iito 1 • appaaalat a 1 despot, before long the uberal party sronM be able to noole lord at the bead of the Foreign Office bad con charged, bnt the second mate wasjremanded to await theBASING BBOTHZBS AKD CO.'S CIBCrtAi. LoHDox. May 11—6 P. MIn oar cotoatol and foreign produce markets there has been a steady business. The Bank of England has lower- ed tts minimum rate tf dacount to 4 \ ; per cent. Money ecattoueft to good supply. Consols l e a n off 06 a 96 >.„ for money, and 06%, a 98*, for the account. Bar silversalt that, andar the pretext of doubting her saftltorynegotiations, s a d the result was a treaty by toey refined to allow the offioara or man «o the question of 'which he had given notice the Bayltimmaswere ceded to Honduras. Thattreaty bora, v e r a a cammiatoauewUft the town She frtoatory to the atotthme. He waned aueceae to therr re bad been received to thto country aad rattfad by hereffect of the injuries, which ware principally inflicted by him.A rumor bad been current that the French government had demanded expanations from Prussia relative to thevon. (Hear, hear ) He wished that it might spread sag tnraagh aha ftwaato, ass Into 1tr T—f-1*-* sad kemre kmg overwhelm the Kmgi txuldags. placards h a n a f to large totaarft '• 0%--mnrnn' ntoiad share andar ate tmprtoftlap had made ft ctoar that the goveraamat ftboaid doH Amartom uilsass. tha aaraara property to to auaport the hiasirauftos, aad1 turn mnhaiailiai 'With ana is sarin1 Amorteaa Jon- mdivtouato. should do nothing Illegal » si innate ft. HeMajesty The noble earl bad adverted to the eaadl toons aadar which thaaa islands were to be ceded, ac- eardtog to the pi npaml made by Lord Clarendon, Thawiof thestoaity aad n h,m Ito remiatatottrritoftianee toe wmmaaoasaen of trauoma.1 to him tor protection for thair^hratto orary menace okaadwitha sin • a v a g , Doaa yoa seat nan." s r u ! ia m»oooned in Leaden in aid af the concluded, bet the treaty was not yet, as tar as the gov-ernment knew, ratified by the Ceagrea of that State. or increase to the cash oa hand of about 3,100,000 francs.r, hot 1Anstrla. -•M Tea Ptener, who was provaionally aapotated Minis-ter of Imaaoe, vice Baron Brock, has been definitely coa- ftrmed to tha office.» a proposed to n sstohltoh the Minattry tf Commerce aad Public Works, which was Mat year united wtth the Ministry of Finance.The aembers of the aewly••gaalnri' Councilof ttu Empire had received thmr appointments, and the first atttttg of the Council was fixed far the 21« into Generalendeavoring to bringseat aad the six Hungariansa i h e m a a a toa menThe Boone ckaed ftot aadtoaar.Rentes 70 26.Cmtea—Satoa yeafterday 8,000 bates, inctuding 1,600 oa snaautoawa aad for export The market eleaad stoadixy. Breadsaftfib qutot, bftt unchanged. Provisions quia.Loimo*, May 12—Evening 94% ft 96, having declined under the Chinesetad Centsaf alalty.Prof. O. M Merrto, a member of the committe to In- quire toto the eflbat • < • * • ' f a Bad emaaiigiinifty, gaveIt appeared by tha atateamnt tha the ftecretary of the 8tateaObto,taarecoare|icrttotb«Govenior.amdtba there w a n 1^,830 afflicted persons m the public hafttto- ttonsof tha sate,of whom 807 were Mtotte, 814 haame, 6S8 deaf aac dumb, 416 blind, 44 deaf, dum» and idsatte 16 deaf, dumb aad insane; 7 deaf, dumb and blind 3bund aad liiotic, 1 blind aad toaaas, aad 46 amtetod with JL.JUMV The nsasosabhto of parentage were as nu- iows•—6<*ex> had aa rehftteaabip, 1,07, had ratoaosaftftp, snd of SJ6S nothing was known in thto respect He atoo Mated that Br Bemtos. of Kentucky bad reported to theyearn tleaato enacts of mtermarriage ;—or i stween the partita, t h e n w a n 837 children, tf whom 16 were defective and 810 perfect la another csae of thto Bind, to a cooUry vUtoge, 81 anwdBaft aat 207 chUdrec, ftll perfect, 2 ? ^KPARTITRI OF 0AKBALDL'Tft« tonit sastftbaft a totonr tos H. JeaaahBto-* * Cartbaldj. rrrtog the r^wtog parUytoau, Maf s\,lsmX *atar# hat I sad awiaraJafthaaa wars at•tea sftmm) sftawmwaranrnftttitoisay•toany 1begged to ask the Sohcttor General whether httattaattm drawn to an adverttoemaat which appeared In , tha 0th of May, anaoonrtng that, would aecure the safety of her Maieaty's subiects to the Bay lateada, aad at the aame time prevent the toteads being oeded by Hondnns to any other Power A s condttoos of a treaty wtth Nicaragua had atoo beenThe Superior Council of Oosamjeree, appointed to Inves- tlgate questions relating to the commercai treaty with England, had held ito first meeting in Paris, and would continue to moat three tunes a week.tribumd to the tand which It was render themselves itobto to aay hThe monthly returns of the Bank tf France show saweald signed by her mtteaty. Wtth regard to the Bvodaeeton and to the bills =Uncounted aa tortrssa of nearly eleven shares, 72*. Illinois Central, 44 dacount New YorkThe Soucrroftstrictly confined bjaaatf to gtvtof sL A TESTMABKBT8T 1 ALnxarooi., May IS, 1860.opgnoiw OF THE rantheffiTV•• «^.iM*»a**;rm?5Lt •d wtth 1.MM awa.aa beard two marctoha would eueeorue n before the House antil these ratifications w e n e xThe Bart of ataJDSJftrsT thought the noble lord's state factory, as far aa It went, bat everything de- pended oa the terms oa wbtoh these islands w e n oeded. B e reminded the soble lord that he had aot informed thethe Clayton Bui arer treaty. DidBBBSBWtoa ate aptrtt af aba treaty fairly and completely - The late government told It down aaaa tosmpaaaabai 000-of the cession of the Bay Islands that the United ahauhl laoasjfttoa lbs Otoyton Bulwer treaty with-oat farther dispute.Ttoe lata Prlxe Fla.hu [From tte Loadoa Sunday Bnaea, May 13 ]ito be very gewill not fight again.1aa toe tote cm met has beam ajjjawkdBj aiaai had oy irnaf t/tos /gat toThe Paris correapmmedeat of the London /TeraM asserts that eeldom b a n the relations between France and Eng toad been on s more unsatisfactory footing than adon Times editorially protests againto the bushing up of nc genera! deeitoe to prices of w h e a and floor occasioncipal witness, testified thai on the evening tf the 20th 16s. 2d. a 10a lOd. Inst her husband and Woods became engage 1 to s quarrel, lis od. a lis- 8d. which finally ended in a fight. In the course at toe row, lis Od. alia. 2d. Wcods picked up half a brtckba aad threw b a de- 11a 7d. a 12a. 6d ceased, striking him on the head aad knocking hto) sena- Islands had been ceded to Honduras. If that were so, Additional surveys sf gunboats built by private con Indian Corn—Mixed and yellow. s. bu. a 36B., and tes! to the pavement. Deceased remained to ft state tfwould be s subject of great congratulation, that condition vice.»li (to btaodj ayatom has baaa earned on*. There a no but over the whole Continent, we were suspected of hsv batog the complete sad entire recognition of the Ciaytoo- The Cotton Supply Association had held their annual Ohio" JJ: 1 aria of nalam aa dftatn aad walto show how for two iiasnria. In the hrst ptooc, aot only to France, with theoovfttry The Poat Offloa a otoaad, tog news of our own wtth regard to toeiiy. Now, al-Western canaluung a Palermo a aetog gVadaftUy moahad oao.H»a tot coanftry people any of the n*ceanery monltloaauwy woaid ftaaw kmg aman been bare to everthough our temporary occupation of It might be of im- mense advantage to the atond—although It would soon recover to) prosperity, and become again the granary of the Mediterranean—ye! he was perfectly sure that before five y e a n passed the Sagiah rule would b e s o t a aaaspu tor, aad the country would become the grmtoat possiblerity of her Majesty's subjects to the Bay Islands against say interference from the United States or any other State whatever. He should like to kno r whether those BesjBtftatoas were In such a position as would enable the government to present toe correspondence on the subjecttheir proceedings. The report claims that the association has already been of direct benefit 10 the cotton trade, and shows that great efforts had been made to extend the re- gion for the production of cotton, aad thereby make the trade no longer dependent npoa one source for the supply of the raw article. Ittoarguedtha the efforts of the saw27s. Od. a 27s. 6d. PBormom are generally in better demand, with rather an upward tendency in prices. Beef—A good business tas been done a former quotations, say, for prime mam, 71a. to SOs., and India men. 90s. to lifts per tierce.jury, and the Coroner thereupon iiiiaaiiilHal the accused to the Tombs for trial. Woods to atoo aa Irtohnma, about•g aumbera aad drtTaa the aokUers into the naa.•MJ taey amy do n» yet, haft ft • bardlr prnhabto.ihmtoad of aanajj arms aad ammnniuna. amoad at rmyrlftn mltrl nnawBaJaVdW tab n a TTinTda saysjaa damgtfHgaa* sMttoawtft soaiou the coast of Btofly, would at the aame tuneBaperfor Coart—Special Terra. Before Bon. Judge Pietvepont.lated to matters of great importance, not only as affecting dinarv efforts which produced the enlarged growth at tootha rstotlaaa af thto country wtth the States of Central present year. Oae of the speakers predicted t h a theAmerica, but as aascting the Ctoyton Bulwer treaty. He aea year's vtold tf cotton from India would amoaat to berland cut; (4a a 60s for long ribbed, and 66a a 67a. order to be settled on appearance of counsel before the begged to remind the sable earl, who almde l to the atoteof the negotiations under the late government, that beforethat government toft office the Clarendon aad Dallastreaty had fallen to the ground, owing to dmteattaa raisedby tha Secretory of the Catted States. Subsequently ne-Bulwer treaty by the United States, and the enure seen meeting a Mancneator, and tonusd a lengthy report of8t. LouisBaltimore and Philadelphiavalue, and we continue to quote Western a 72a. a 77a., Lord WoDisorn raid that the question pot to him re- ciation stimulated the American planters to those extraor aad lantern a 78a- a Sis. par beL Bacon to very active,were resumed, sad Or W. Casetoy was sent to Asasrtos. Wtth regard to the other question, theHenry Kaye Norton, first mate, and Thomas King, se- cond mate of the American ahtp Evening Star, had been arrested in Liverpool, for a violent assault oa a seaman named Samuel til aaaa The mate was fined and dis-quests made a the trial are needed on settlement of thaA r r i v a l s a a d D e p a r t u r e s AASTTAtft.I.n-BFFOoi^ftteaaBftep Panto—Mr Taoaaoa,nuir*. Mra Carter tors Campbell, tour abttarea aad anrsr Mr aad Mis Ihomaoa aa* shaft, Mr aad ton ttoddatd. attarwar- tog. Mr aad M n Tiber, four atoHIrn aad a s m , Oooraa Buag*. Mr Boats. Chee Betewae. Oapt Maeodaefc. H Beteoas aeroa, ttseare Bamawali Wsatoall aad Boiaete. Caaa Wtoto bead. Heary Oliver, B Btona, whb, tofmt aad nirae O Wetoh, J Webb, jr Tina aarrtoa. G ft) Wamar. Mr aad Maa Caatlt two aaianrn aad noree Mas Parptoar aad amte MrHoppm, three nailto an aad laaaaiaaaai awa How am s-ua. Donteid D Moaro. Broaa. i ttaattx. a and Weteto, Oapt • Oawwea, OST Osaka. W Jc ark, tttosaatloasbaraer. Mrs gjmberty aad todaat, ate*. On kayte. Jamm Gtlteaate Mr sad Mn Barrtooa aad asakew. ton tonal Bows* aad tone aaasbaaa. tore tnrmy.Mr aad Mra Coie and infaat. ttabart atanrea. Harvy Taaaarea. I fter ftag. G Baauaoa Km M Oaaarae aad two etamma, Bread Mm Morrtoon Mr Goddam, htebard Oeoaa. ftoart I t o a a w . George Desk. B W Cameron. Pater Kerr. Wat dark T o Gerawa,MrOlenoabaw. A B Pastor.S Maaaa).ate Cftdafjm Hopper; George Patrle Mr bafteman f a Bmtes. In Ba- ward Hcdsea asd wife. Mtos B a a Laaiaaaa. Jao fivrle Slr I)e Bauea, W a Beary. ttra Heary and tontot Jean arsiaakar- Mws a P Lawlar. ft Cctawaa. S a aarwaaa. ttesaa B ^ ^^mm aad J A Crana. ^ ^ VBB^ Cans- Bark aauid m» Tmam Bayer, Babe, Maw Tarsal aad Btoaar AatmyMayor. P»d» ^JiJ^^^L^' yoj and cOlte Kftaas tvaaa aed tetaaBa Mjare aa~ ae-ran,DftTaBTTftftS.sad Mrs «ao T Hefimaa,Mm aad Mba rrsaaa, an. Mam ln^4rim»aa"Keworiaaa bteajf«»» Ca»»%. *[». Hoa aadMn W H Do»to, stesaaator,jatejedjtto) Pftoste fi 0;''^.Ift-aWf'Mamar. Mr aad Mn Jao Ltotoav. rmteaetotoa Mr oka J fante aad aarvam 9*m teak: Mr aaft Mrs a daL k. toad aad srrreat ttr Hto) Badaali da; Mn C CM JftLa-had been considerably modified, bat at the augmentation of to) war budga, but it was pronounced 6s. 1 -vd. Mexican doltors, 6a. 2^,d. American eagle*,time Bnaagemsate ware adopted which, he unfounded.76s- 4d. Doubloons—Spanish77s .SouthAmerican74a fid. American stocks—Prices meetly nominal, as Sate stocks are generally very scarce. There to a seed daaaad for Catted States 6's a 99 a 90^, and for 5's a 04>4 sad 04*4'. Pennsylvania Central BaUroa.; bonds, 1 « mortgage, firm to 91. New York Central 6's bonds, 83^. Byte 7ft of 18«2, 46. lilinoto freetond. 92V New York Centra:of correspondence, the government could not toy the millions of francs.and Era, 18^' a IS. Canada 6's, 10T>» New Brum tick 6s, legUntitled DocumentImtohto advanetag. ,,Apriln, U-a the Council of the to alt in the Council.Thaa aatheaticatedby the 1A Maorid despatch of the Mbon he tubject tf th* hastf maaf aamawvo aaftnre. Hto opponent to the model af the unprovided with troops, the number tf sftocava betofola worts, the proauct or centones. tnees « l y 10,000. Ashaas^totbemrnattry wm stUl exr^storo men petty robbe/mtcans win ask the government to prevent the departure tf the second expedition.Betamed—Samuel B. Gove, Mark Chasebill, as he considered that aft rejection weald improve expert, bm the stock of such being ao targe, and holdersthe financial position of the government conwnatog free niton, no improvement tn value has re ever, will no doubt go up for trial, they will probablyLord John Buasell said a rftport bad been received fromthe Governor of Newfoundland relative to these fortifica-tions, and ft was referred to the law officers of tha crown,who pronounce thto they wan not aa infraction of the Geoa ordinary. ad aoj*d. ad. BB*{U. 6d.»«>,'lOrdinary4d. a 61.JfdMZa. ad. aad.Ipiandi.4U. ato.QCftMHBTOW*.SO y e a nit him, be said be1to thechargepreferredof age. Inreferense Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 