 f3 :-f>yt, and the train proceeded. Jt was aaid that h* nalivjki development. Had not the missionaries a^d importinit to iniike some arrangement to carry them from Havana his retm i> home,, that the Benedictine had been to see Is intoxicated, and had been banging around thesurprised; he thought the Benedictine station all the morning. No blame is imputed to the-.www.fultonhistory.com*»i 'm «4YOSBK l>AIIiY„^lM^.MTORDA Y , ;JfA$„28, -JJ36Q, hMrwkr fjMmmmM MwmMt ? ^ a ljiMiJI.ll9.White House. She is,'I am told, a strict and consis- tent member of the Presbyterian Cnurch."i**ray with the convenience of the reader.i • A s ewming advances, the Japanese are called to 3their bam and rice, and as they rise to go, shower—an appeal that ought not to be unsuccessful.I havt*. little to say of the Boman Catholic missions, because they are re ;ent, and had no hand in the greatriantlyi and with peculiar meaning, whenever, in alls-' sion to the Pope's failing health, the old prophecy is brought forward, and a hint .thrown out that the last of the Popes is disappearing! from the stage. They say he has alar different conviction, and that, as if in antici- pation of tibiae approaching change, his eminence is wholly bent on converting into money most of the se-all Druasiits everywhere.;,, -*.[Adveiti«euieut] . WifAT APLEASANT8I>OT!—Yea,whata.pleas- ant sn'"t with its numttrous windows and itaexcellent veutuation, isBuoCMN^iVsKi-M. How comfortably and quietly you caahtudv that i siiiui-monkey, tho WHAT Is ITTor Uiat " flashing" i(r.pw<'cCi)mnjc«?pu-.ofhumanaddition,the"J>i«htntngCalculator." THtn•Of h » face, of which not even the scars of small pox .have destroyod the excessive amiabilitv.„ A t the end of the Japanese corridor, there is a small •apartmentwhichIfindmostofallattractive. Noairof rare gentility jpervadea thia chamber, and, while %tbe same gentfo courtesies elsewhere shown are a W , Ihere to be found, stern forms of dignity are unrecog-THEMISSIONSIN - ? m ISLANDS:SANDWICHTHE JOOXODE -INVESTIGATION.whjihng season the number o / transient seamen m the ^ QtJARKELS OP THE COMMODORES. *M time I shall tal4 care not to l W # , for it wmtains a '-iRAitnoAv Accrjjjctir AT P O R T <?HX»TK»>-An O Mj*oi»ecL A number of Japanese servants here do con-' igrragate. Their door is always opened, and invitation have taught this whole people to read and to write, tottce *.. Clark- lyau appointed in hia place; my engagement la.ited y>on by Williuio. Chace Barney, who stated ho was agent of Liv- " Yc ni are mistaken; go home; I am sure that you ajive him from being struck. It is feared that he can<."beams upon the passer-by. Onco within, the conta- .£ionoftheirlightspirits cannot be resisted. 'Jokes irr incessantly around, never missing their aim, always -drawing forth applause. Among this gay fraternity is. ..... hnvelurL'elyinfluencedthelegislationoftheK.ng^?ingcton it Croclieron'H line of steamers,' then and now runniagihe American artist, although certah.ly wanting in been few or no trustworthy early records, historical or ^pictnresqnenessofeffect. ButBooien-yitzelooksonly scientific;thetraditions would have perished; thesupplies is jine system of commemorations. In theservice at those "islands, all days and all Sundays arealike;orareIvaried.onlyhythesermon,whichdepeuds Fisher,thatifl'ahardenwordthanweBlack.Republicanshaveto minnthe, and is content with the advantage he holds 3n this respect.. A conjurer's advertising card has been somewhere picked up, an.? its purport is now asked! T o explain i t , ecBdry devices of legerdemain are resorted to, which the Jspajoe&e regard with a composure indicating con- .pcioasnees of strength in that line. Now one, whose name is Yewah, stands forth, and beckons attention.33e crumples into a ball in his left hand a large and thick sheet of paper. Gradually the roll lessens in size, and soon is hidden in his tight grasp. "With the .Tight hand, he waves his open tan around, and pres- ently emerges from between the finger of the left a"]3Bttle paper butterfly, which floats and flutters a while obedient to the movements of the ^v,n, and at last falls >to the ground. Y ewah then discloses his open palm, ia which ho paper roll can now be seen, and returns tohis seat bowing before the plaudits which follow him. t , J e w a h afterward develops other powers indicative *xf ingenious education. He is much cultivated as toAn Opposition member of the Committee said. " Yes, Mr. native government would have been overborne by on the choic^ or taste ol"the preacher.. Tho great facts nsed."passengers ishope, eny one caut at this act shall pay»AHUEST OF A PICKPOCKET.—-Wesley Allen, a sus- pected pickpocket, is charged with having picked- thV pocket of MwJ Deyner of No. 2TSLexington avonny, of tj>10while in aa Eijjhth'aivenne car. Allen was found at ateneraent-houa^LuShaschool for whites and half-castes, for it ha« been found *hJB toes, which he can nse with great pliancy, particu- expedient generally to separate the races in education.larly in-the way of piuehiog, and in which, I have -cause to know, he is unsurpassed. Wonders with •fans he shows, bat none of them inexplicable exceptJhe fir*t, above described.Always quick to exLibit their own interesting prop-erty, they are e^fually ready to examine with attention 'tverything: brought for their inspection. Hoase- hcld utensils draw from them signs of approval, and they become covetous ov*r some of our best weapons. A newly-invented- revolver of mioute size absorbs3oolexj-yitae'x mind for half an hour; but, at last, having detected the manner of discharging it, he goes •off himself, and in a corner makes a close drawing of all He machinery. He faints at proposals for an ex- change, offering a small sword for the tempting trifle; ijbut as he does this with much secrecy, conveying the idea that' his superiors must remain ignorant of the transaction, th«re is evidently something wrong about jt, and the bargain cannot be made. Other barters, openly proposed by them, are effected, and I giin a Stock of Jatpauese literature sufficient for the study of .at,lifetime, the^most important volume being a complete •dictionary in the three written languages, profusely JHustrated ia a maimer that puts the new Worcester • -quite in the shade. Their method of printing and finding books is peculiar. The impressions are made ' 'upon one side of a very long scrip of paper, which, in •fcindxDg, is folded together like some of our comic pic- •triTe series, or Kke a fao, and fastened at the back. Of • -eotcrse, half the pages of a book are thus left blank,special pride of the missionary efforts for education is the Ilign School or College of Punahou. This was es- tablished for the education of the children of the mission families, and has been enlarged to receive the children of other fo.reignvresiderits, and is now an incorporated college, with, some seventy scholars. The course of studies goes as far as the end of the Sophomore year in our' New-England Colleges, and is expected soon to go further. The teachers are young men of the mission families,, taught first at this school, with educations finished in the Colleges of New-England, where they have taken high rank. At "Williams. College, there were at one time five nupils from this school, one of whom was the first scholar, and four of whom were among the first seven scholars of the year, and another of the professors at Punahou was the first scholar of bis year at New-Haven. I at- tended several recitations at Punahou, in Greek, Latin, nnd Mathematics, and after having said that the teachers were leading scholars in our Colleges, and the pupils mostly children of the mission families, I need hardly add that I advised the young men to remain there to the end of the course, as they could not pa^s the Freshman and Sophomore years more profitably elsewhere, in mv judgment. The examinations in Latin and Creek were particularly thorough in Etymology and Syntax. The Greek was read both by"the quantity and bv the printed accent, and the teachers were disposed to follow the continental pro- nunciation of the vowels in the classic • languages, if that system should he adopted in the New-England Colleges. • I t is upon that, system that the native al- phabet was constructed by the. missionaries. This in- stitution must determine', in a great measure, the character not only of the rising generation of whites, but, as education proceeds downward, and not up- ward, also that of the natives. It is the chief hope ofAmerican Missi 'Hiaiies. the natives sit on benches, in constrained »ttifcudes, and come dressed in imitation of the Eur| ein fashion, the men in black hats, boots, tight <-oits' and trowsers, and the women in ont-of-fiishioii -bonnets and unaccustomed shoes, in the Korjpnll Catholic Chitrcbes they kneel on mat's, and H1« oti mats or in chairs, wear the looser• The United States -Bteam-frigate Niagara, which Spanish manuscript, in which the natural laws which w.;re tak«:n into eubtody. Ju«tice Connolly committed them all for examination.govern the atmosphere Jwere so clearly laid down thatnothing was left to chance, and projects could be made il ill ' * ion Friday, having sprung aleak; she has at, pres with the greatest security. These calculations, hawed Fop.vi) DROWSED.—On Thursday morning CoronerObut as the leaves are never cut, this interferes in no the people, who have spent their utmost upon 'it, and are now seeking an appeal for aid in the United Statesas if in a dream. Cardinal Antonelli, ou the contrary,has grown fat. and rosy* They say he smiles beuig- Prepared by Dr. J.C. AYKK & Co., Lowell, Mass., and sold byTerveni adieue upon all their visitors. Now, if ever, developing and forming labors of which I have spoken.' 1 iuu*t Jeave them; for if I wait till their return, I *:i SihaJi find new motives for delay, and never gain the .omawfortktt to withdraw from their always refreshing;jtjad eaatertaLuiiiir companionship.| —bales of cotton. She had on board a crew of 22 souls.selj-denial, and several whom I met I found to be men :* A XJUUCIZI> MAN XJ» DTTJ-TCCI.TY.—The .Courrier tie of thorough education. They gained especially in pub-these islands or|;tiilrohghont the Pacific, over which hisinfluence extend* He,, again, is by no means a merepreacher. The'lfj is a Sailor's Home, supported by themerchants andjuthor citizens, conducted in the best ago in Paris, where, knowing nobody, and left very manner; a shim ing office, which coerces the othershipping offices Jp o honest practices.; a reading room, much to himself, he entered into conversation one day, open to all sailo|i in port, and supplied with secular as in a restaurant in which he took his meals, with a man well as religioufe books and journals, and the peculiar in a laborer's dress. Iii tbej course of it the man en- provision of a |< om at which all sailors are invited to trusted him with the secret that he was not what he write lettershom •,and are furnished gratuitously withmaterials and din sctions. The weekly newspaper pub- seemed; he was Father Avois, a ^Benedictine monk, lished by Mr. ![»mon, and supplied to the whaling who had come'to Paris to make collections for his mo- fleet, to a great "|.ttcnt gratuitously, goes to all parts of nastery. An article of their faith, he said, pi evented the Pacific, Ind; In, and Polar Oceans, is a valuablethem from wearing-the dress of the order while en- gaged in suchbusiness,"and as his vow of humility did not permit him to dress elegantly, he had taken that$."100 uncurrent money into par funds. He received.as OGT, to en: ))Jj8them to a-void selfish and immoral men. andal««fc.\J.ytms fnmishes u* with the following story: to 1812, }m yotxug 7T?ff" in Lyons, desiring to get rid of coiwcrip- jiion, could find no other metma of escaping it except '{marriage H e went to a public ball and proposed to khe first girl whom he happened to dance with, oftored fher a.tbooBaad franco, to be paid to her on the mar- rriage-day, after which they were to separate forever.She accepted, the bamw were publwhed, and the cere-jnony waa performed. When it was over, *he went to3Pari» and he went to England, where he remained un-lic esteem by their conduct during the terrible visitation of the small-pox a few years ago.Among the traders, shipmasters, and travelers who have visited these islands, some have made disparaging statements respecting the Missionaries; and a good deal of imperfect information is carried home by per- sons who have visited only the half-Europeanized portSj where the worst view of the condition of the natives is presented. 1 visited among .all classes, the foreign merchants, traders, and shipmasters, foreign and native officials, and with the natives, i'rom the lving'and sev-eral of the chiefs to the humblest poor, whom I saw without constraint in a tour I made alone over Hawaii,A JOLLY MONK.—A young student arrived not longto"iraiu and]educate children properly. Fititntinfiiioim at Fuwucit it, WBui'sQ-Ko. 308 Broadway.• [AdvortuMMneatJGAS^ Us .'—NEW GAS JftXTURES for the Spring trade, supt j!lor to any ever offered before, will bo foaxux at our great Maipi fivcturing Depot. Hemovad to Ho. 579 Broadway,til 1858, at which time be returned to Lyons with a throwing myself upon their hospitality in their huts.Jmndaome fortune. A few days ago this gentleman I sought information from all, foreign and native, •waa izrforzaed by bJU servant that a woman of a cer- friendly and unfriendly; and the conclusion to which I came is that the best men, and those who are besttain age kmmi&i on seeing him. He ordered her to be acquatuied with the history of - things here, hold in admitted, and behold ! it*waa his own wife, accompa- hi"h esteem the labors and conduct of the Missionaries.shipping list; ai < in it calls from home for sous andbrotners long iji heard from .have been the means ofcomfort and re] i if .to friends, and sometimes of ro-chdming reckieif or »disheartened wanderers. While costume. And he invited the student to come and see I was at Honoj i In, when the whaling fleet came ifl,the detectives, the hank officers preferring to work up the case in their own way.! It is aaid that a clue exists to the identity of tho successful forger.Inied by a lawyer, who depicted to b|m the pressingThe mere seekers of pleasure, power, or gain, do not like their influence; and thos*5 persons who sympa-Mr. Damon alsi acts as.Chaplain to the Marine HOB- so well that he was charmed. He.notioed, on return-ridge of the eye , divergeddirectly backward, exhibit- er^ge It is 'win purest liquor made tn thi* world. < _ ing no forehead whatever,' ;and the supposition by ' Tut up \nph»t and quart bottles. Sold by aii Drnggrt***, <»*•»3Beed which »':>• hud for InV support, and demand 3d thized with that officer of the American navy who15,000 frawr-H down, or an allowance for life of 800 compelled the authorities to allow women to go off to francs. The husband of an hour, and that 48 years his ship by opening his ports and threatening to bom-bard the town, naturally are hostile to the Missions. I do not mean^of coarse, that there is always-unanimity mandbeforeout?oftheciviltribunal»ofLyonulhat amontrthebestpeople,orperhapsamongtheMissiona- herhzutkmndh*.compelled toreceiveherintohishonse, riesthemselves,onftllquestions;e.g.,astotheUdera, tion of Catholics, and on some minor points of social and i*>lice regulation. But on the great question oi y - their moral influence, the truth is that there has alwaysthose who saw it was, that it was the skull of an In- dies there withou I.decent burial, a procession of ship- but as there,was nothing in it, he did not think much dian. In course of making-the excavation, a skeleton mates, headed by Mr. -Damon, carrying his body to the of it. Next day he-went again to see his hew friond, ina sitting posture,, facing; eastward, was found, anddistant graycyajr- , a garnering up of the facts of his who gave him his poVte-monnaie, 'remarking that- he an effort made to remove it entire, but the svoaller bonesJbefore, xiiuied, and hi» wife has made a formal, de-crumbled as they were disturbed, and riotliing but a-er to g N e her the means of subsistence. • .account of the{latent of iho American whaling fleet, not of much account any way, as there was nothing whose rendezvous is at those islands, but by reason of in it. The reverend Father said that ho did not know the fact, stronglytiropressed uj>on me in my voyagings that; hohud not opened it.. Two or throq days after- on this ocean, tliattthe general commerce of the Norththe lot whtre the excavation referred to took pbice.A LINCOLN BKIOADE.~Preliminiiry steps have beentaken for the purpose of forming uz\ organisation, to bo called the "Hudson County N / J . Linoohi Brigade," to "be composed of young men throughout'the •county,J _,.On Tkaradtoy aftarnooa a fire occurred in the Globe BotdL Willi*TM ,atoeett in consequence of the explosion ofafluidlamp-Abedandaomefurniturewasburned. Damage tri8u*£-/.I I ' '•--.:-.;'[A4vrt*is«mo»t. ,KD E A R . — Head l>r. JONES'S letter No.*mmMpHMmvnff3BB53S*(KxtwetttmcaletterftomRichardELDana,jr.,esq.,fromtbothe usual and necessary belt and its appendagesiof that3n testimony of bis pleasure; but, on second thoughts, the constitutional monarchy under which they live, of in Hawaii. I found no hut without its Bible and wliith he agreed to do; I. Vras not ct)ncern«d.ia any way what-^withdrew it to inscribe npon it a clearer token of his holding seats on the judicial bench and in the legisla- • «u kfaction. The next, morning it was returned, and tive chambers, and filling poets in the local magis-hymn-bot £ in the native tongue, and the practice of family prayer and grace before meat, though it be over no more tlian a calabash of poe and a lew dried fish, and whether at home or on journeys, is as common as in NewljEngland a century ago.ever with Johnson, and did not know that he- had made ft bid for , edictine monastery [ but -that he had been %nom'nious- "Spngcf the Shirt," the " Old Arm-Chair/' " 0vor tbelninwportulion of the mail*?till sorn« time after its accnptan.co ly expelled for ,»aich frauds as these. According to theHRiver," and the "Fashionable Young Lady," iaon iteteavee I found some charming colored drawingstracies.by the Department, when I was informed that ho was thw more agent of parties holding the Nicaraguu Transit- grant, ^vho dtssirod" fneto cooperate with thorn in the eRtabliHlimeut of their line; thii 1 wan willing to do, as it was also tho desiro of Mr. Sloo> for whom 2 hold in trust a large arhamit-of steainahip property in-Le Droit, at the hv.st atNcronnts the pious father had not been arrested.a commendable, easy, and famihar style. At the con- clusion of the -entertainment, a rote of thanks was moved by Mr, Bennett, and unanimously awarded brIt is often objected against missionaries that, a peopleJEOX a day or two, Booien-vitze has been do wn- must be civilized before it can be Christianized, or at • It may be asked whether there is no ofT-set, ho de- tended for the Tehnnntcjpec route, bat which it now became ex-^>f bird*, a* neat and tasteful as one could hope to see.bearv&d, . The recollection of a mortifying mistake least that Hie two processes must go on together, and duction [to be made from this high estimate of the pedient to rander available in nonic other inann<?r.haunts bim. : A deaf gentleman came into the Japanese among a barbarous people, is an unprofitable laborer. •quartor, and strove to establish communications with But Vie missionaries to the Sandwich Islands went outmoneys by the steam mail line to vauderoilt-, and if so, for whnt "t,p ' »puipose? A.—Yes, Sir; there waspaid to Vandrtrbilt, out of tlM> long period witli: his an* er. . Scleral children, the off- jFjIirr, OF A BvjtmsG.—Shortly after 9 o'clockJBeoJea-yitase. But the operations of the ear-tubeinfamilies,ar.dplantedthemselvesinhouseholds,carry-truitfundsofthemoillinefromNew-YorktoNtsw-Orleansand' it afuea, Roberts and Clark, to induce him not to rnn a line in>spring of their'ince&^xo,us..intereo«r*e, were kiEed, mOst of them at birth. . A little girl who was spared}yesterday morning a portion of the building No. 625 Braadway, on whicli laborers were at wOrk pullinging with them, and exhibiting to the natives, the cus- <^r«*e not clear to the Japanese artist's apprehension, toms, manners, comforts, discipline, and order of civil-.at roll of soft cloth tied up in paper upon the top, for ;athe head to rest upon. These wooden cases mostly -contain drawers, in which are various trinkets. Some, however, are solid, and are scooped out at the sides,in order that the arm may pass around and hoUl themproach the native women and children in many ways rogated", and another one in plac-e of it granted to certain pirties, not open to men, as in their sickness, and by the pecu- pected to be .attentive listeners for some two hours, with whom Hargons, Lasere, and Benjamin, and, as I subsequently liar sympathies of sex, and thus exert the usnderestj without a word to say, a thing to do,, or a sound'to learned. Senator Slidell, were associated; the tiling was done;per which the JapunCs^ employ for a pocket-handkeT- chief.Porui.A'R GOV3KNME.VT.—The folwwing rules were copied literally from the wall of the Ste-ward's rocm on . board a Jfew-Orlean|5 steamboat. They were drawn,who hitvs been in his employ, and a3ege that he refuses to pay them for work done at the low rates for which they labor. Two dozen complaints of a similar nature hayepievioMsly been mad«r-ag»in8t him, but be.has in- variably agreed to pay hi^ dues when complained of.foreign influences, and the interesting, intelligent, of Christiabityr-ibe Birth, the last days, the Death,Mr. Fisher—Yes, Sir^butitistrne. lam no "Black Republi- can, far frciu it. I supportcd-Mr. Buchanan, with misgivings.Question—Where IBthe evidence that tnese instructions to our Minister in Mexico were given ? A . A resolution of. inquiry into the.traB8action was adopted in 1857 and '58 in the Senate; it was responded to, bnt not until it was too late to have the cor- respondence printed in time to have tho Senate act upon it at that eesaion; that response (Ex. Doc. first session XJiXVth Congress, Senate, No. 72), contains the correspondence whichembodies the instructions. / •Mr. Winslow—Are you a capitalist ? A. I do not know whathe only pretended to be an agent of Livingston &, Co.; i do not . know that Johnson is a capitalist, but Was the agent of other pur- ties. -• , • , . " . - "the some of 50 cents. *, . ! • ! • • '• II • •• I(Signed,) J. F—• — — •• I . I - — .igentle native race would have sunk into iusignificance, and perhaps into servitude to the dominant whites. •Besurrectionl; and Ascension of Our Lord—and the great doctrines jof the faith, have no special commeaio-' ration. The Uicramental system, too, is almost oblit-,Prexident.The educational system of the islands is the work of erated. The jwhole public service, week after week, the missionaries and their suporters among the foreign—A correspondent of TJie Evening- Post, who has Ktreet, In rather pleasant company, but waa un^«rumonio'uid^residents, and one formerly of the mission is now year after yemjis one unbroken unifomiity of a sitting .Minister of Education. In every district are free congregation and a standing preacher, with such in-schools for natives, in these they are taught reading, struction asjfhdj may choose to give, on such topics asvisited Springfield, thus describes the lady of the fu- ture President:hurried away by -Detective Slowey. AU»n ia alio charged vrjitti having;l»tolen ^60 worth, of valuable papffm at thw name tirno. Mm. Elount of No. 27 Twenty-nevemh etreet, recognizeii in the picture of the accused, aa tlinpluyed in tbo Rognes' Gallery, thawiiting, singing by note, arithmetic, grammar, and geography, "by native teachers. At JLahaina Luna is the Normal Schcol for natives, where the best scholars from the district schools are received and carried to anhe may chow 5eHo present. > Indeed, without exaggera- tion, 1 may si»y that a person not. knowing the language would hardl| k aow whether he were attending a Secu- lar or a religious lecture, and would hardly suppose it to be more than ia lecture." I had the pleasurejalso of a brief interview with .pezHpn ;whonj uhe «uispecti* ol picking her pocket of $17 whilo i«Mrs. Lincoln, and, in the circumstances of these per- .a ij'ourth-avcnuo car. Allen waa locked up for e.\acuinatioa.sons, I trust I am notj trespassing on the sanctities of yond iu"yindebtedness; 1 do not suppose Barney is a capitalist^ private life in saying;a word in regaid to that lady.advanced stage of education, and those who desire it•are fitted for the duties of teachers. This was- orig- It is'pot liif Icult to see that the Roman CatholicIt is proper to state thut the above testimony was elicited oncompulfiou. Mr. Fisher is a resident of Washington; and, asthe vniiderbilt contract has been the theme of much conversa-tion, these facts would'have come out much sooner if he had de- ly an fait in all the little .amenities of society.. Mrs. collect bills for Mr. Wilson. He accordingly prefers a charge of sired it. Barney, who testified a day or two a<j;o, was also here Lincoln- belongs, by the mother's side, to the Preston obtaining,money under false pretends agahut ium. '£h» (uxusod,Church, w i t | i s open doors, free sittings, daily mass ment institution. Several of the missionaries, in small and vespers,!;:,ts p.orps of teaching and visiting nuns, itsinally a mission school, but is now partly a govern-and remote stations, have schools for advanced studies,among which, I visited several times that of Mr.Lyman, at Hilo, where there are nearly one hundrednative lads, and all the under teachers are natives.sacramental I; <y jtein, its worship addressed to the mind and heart, tin oi gh the eye and ear, as well as by the word to the uiderstanding;" Avith its service, which gives a part to all, and especially its system of com- memo rat ions, iuid, in the modern sense, its " spiritual-on business when he was summoned to come before the Com- mittee.Mr. Davidge, President of the Pacific Mail Steamship Line, is here,1 and will probably testify to-morrow. J. L. White and James Jiving ore to be called.MARINE AFFAIRS.• '•RETURN OF OTHE NIAGARA..family of Kentucky, has received a liberal and refiued w a s jux^ii-ted by detective Sfowey, and" Justice Connolly held education, and should she esTer reach it, will adorn the him for examination. •These lads had an orchestra of ten or twelve Antes,which made very creditable music. • At. Honolulu ism" of angaS and departed saints, was strongly en-BUKG^AKS CAUGHT.—On Thursday night, Edward Kelly, and William Stewart broke into the clothing stort* No. 447i Xeaxl Htrect. Thoy ^were distcovered-there by Oflicera Mc-listing the alppi vacated native faculties.As an insta , too, of the power* of accommodation possessed by [ih( ivoman Catholics, it is not too small a Both there echools'are in excellent condition. But the mutter tonomi-O jhat, while in the open assemblies of theTHE KEYTOTHE WEATHEI::.—-A letter of M. Con-- Cajty ofthe Fourth Ward and Caddell of the S£xth, and were immediately conveyed to the Station-House fertile uij;ht. Abont ninck to the Courrier des Halles is exciting great at- sfi4u0.worth of goodu had been carried away, a portion of which, tention-in Prance. Itj will be remembered that Mar- wore subsequently recovered at Nos.. Iii, Hi',, 40, and 11 Baxter shal Bugcaud proclaimed the discovery of an ancient Htreet. Several person* hi whoae po»«<"sit^ou they were foundthere is a Koyal School for natives, and. another middletSBBBSB^KHSam •mlaih'iwiiliiJlfriWi'*of. (alU(nations, ~a»d-for «.*^e temporary residence of attiiQ ftfncNHarJ unmarried traders; *M W* T °lated into it the Bible and works of devotion, science donejsojjj Influence of some kind w a s the lawdt* " ^ \u.} iromlSipw-yojk toNcw-OrloanK und,Havana, and that it wanIBooien-yitze, the artist who, on board the Philadelphia, and entertainment, etc., etc. They have estabb'shed sto can Francisco, and asked whether 1 could not make such ar- w a B schools, reared up native teachers, and so pressed their .theirifri(||nds among the foreign merchants mid profe. 7 runKenteut; I unked him whnt would be the compennation; he him. JTe^prodnced the drawing which yon have publi*hed,,aod sionajj[men been in the ascenfiant, these islands would replied, ''The pontages, amounting to soiuo ,^300,00(1, per un- did not km %w his J addres^. At last the truth Hashed work that now theproportion of inhabitants who can have presented only the usual history of a handful of ruiw ;'* I Baid I would see the mails carried from Havana to Suiumony to- the! 'special value of the Liturgy in makingthei -.- — __ - _ '*••_-'•___""...:..•.. •• .. i' '•-.••hope that-yon will not lose' y*mv pwete^aHmnsdo fhw 1 fCITY ITEMS.rhft wr*atime!" "Ofi ho ," answered' w yamg man; fthh*i .,-.-tow»>fThctemptationsarisingi.omsucha stntent From The N.rY,lltf-aldWa*htngt<nI>i*patch,'iAth. handsomesumoifmoneyto-dayj" Whfleapeaiiag^fie;',.man,apparentlybetween60and70yearsofago, mateporl^ofTHonolulu equals half ^ population of theSMidwjcl LdnjjdB, communicated for pubHcaUonia'rKK tilings,[too much aided by. the mhere^t weaknessof the Elwood Fisher appeared before the Covode Commit- felt for it, cbanged color^ and exclaimed: / ' bxit I hayoQvho seemed to be a poor vagrant, either threw b i » . • not got it." •":" ^loa jest," said tbe holy father. " N b , - self, orfell/froro the platform npon the track of ^b^|it," repeated the .stiidcnt.' <fThcnoil muet Lave left it at home." "No, I cannot ju*t after the 7 o'clock train (Bacon's) had etartedLfromNew-York to New-Orleans,viaHavana;that theywoiilU willh'"ud^there.|'.Theyoungman went home andguage from extinction; given it a literature, and trans- and its-jfoliee system; it is. flwtnmite that they' biive like to carry the California mails. a» far as th<*iv lirfo oxtondod, found- -nothing. JThe' next day he was' informed, on ft live. He waa taken in charge by Superintendent;tee thisi morniag, and* testified Bubstantially na''folIowH: "VVa*native elmructer, are met by the cease wss eflorts of tbo rtno ol the trii8l««?B who had the n'juihgpin'ent of the mail HtoamIt is no small thing to say of the Missionaries of the bestlpeople, native and foreign, iir the' use of moral linetrom New-Vork to N6w-0rleau«, nnd from New-York toAmerican Board that in less than forty years they meaiiB SjTid by legislative coercion. It is u clo»? 8Lrug; Aspmlvtal; the other trustees were at fir«t M. O. Eoberts aud Jottph \ an Nostrand, and, op the resignation of the latter, Hor-cipher and to sew. They have given them an alpha- ofnever vet ..bet, grammar, and dictionary; preserved their lan-, several times on the way here."; tnengincor; but who sold the liquor ? And why did noi t"who consequently, in addition to his other distinctions, read and write is greater than in NewEngland; and foreigners exacting everything from a people who de- JKrancifico if he would Obtain tho contract ;.'bcinado a proposition upon him; i N*>remembered that it was on a card in'his tbe^ Station-master take him in charge to prevent suching of familial (psalms, the responsive worship between thus were tie diplomatic functions «f this Governmentlabroad and the Post-Office Department at home prostituted Tor the pur- pastor* and {[ekple, make"the service truly a Common pose of wresting a valuable contract from one set of American woi shipj enaliling all to be actors in it,, as well as giv- citizens to give it to another, who were favorites of the Adminis-ing it vaiietvl Another deficiency which the.Ititual tration. ! • 'SEC. 6. If eny cabeu Boy takes A gentleman's bag-day, the women- with jhe never-failing garland of flowers orThe U. S. steamer Water Witch, Lieut. Command-ing L. C. Sarton, was, April 22, on a cruise among theCays of the Doce Lcquas. Officers and crew all well. nincklhow comes forward with his experience also,and easier If e||8"of everybare h\eadsaa„jivid. r . .., ........0 „berries, and tie vouiigmen come to the porch in straw hats decked witlfe1 flowers and green leaves.AtfOTHKR OCTRA.GE ON BOARD AN AMERICAN SHIP; •At the Liverpool' Police Court, on the jlOth inst., Henry Kayo Norton, first mate, and Thomas King, Second mate, of the American ship Evening Star, wereand at length we can boast of possessing a key to the jiranks of the moon, which will henceforth render them completely harmiess. This it is: The weatber, eleven tinies out of twelve, is exactly the same during the whole moon as on the fifth day if on the sixth day it resembles the fifth; and nine times out of twelve it is exactly thc&ame as the fourth day if the sixth d.iy re- sembles the fourth. Tins rule, says M. de Connmck, is found invariable eight months in the year* The ex- ceptions have hitherto been October, February, MarchThis subjecihas attracted attention in the islands1 found that any who agreed' with me in a high es-timaj-C of the ood tfie missionaries have done, vet feltthe defects in iho public worship, and one of the mis-' charged with having committed a violent assault on a eionaries told mejlhe had long thought that changes mustbe made in the r Aystem in the direction ofthe Ritual andLiturgy of 'the English Church. A movement has beenmade to establish] an iEpiscopal -Church in Honolulu,|and tlie hue Jcjuijnals say that the King has given a lotof land for that purpose. The Methodists have alreadybuilt a chapel!!] |{t m a y b e that the system of worshipand disciplinejest ablished by these missionaries, subject- rel end. Adams, however, persisted in staying onand April..''-.'•ed now to competition with other systems, is to lose its deck; and the first mate, getting irritated with the ob- hold and be xmx lfi( d or superseded. It may be that stinacy exhibited by Adams, struck him with his openthev or those.ent cated by them arc to differ and divide,and" that otherjj are to enter into their labors. > It is conveyed ashore to the Northern Hospital, where heTHE POPE'S HEAT.TH.—PAKIS, May 7.—The mostmysterious aud alarming accounts reached here yester-day concerning the health of the Pope. It is whisperedthat his Holiness has been in the habit of taking small,hand on the head. The wounded man was afterward true that theyi were favored by circumstances—that still lies. Mr. Baffles remanded King for seven days,dose.s of strychnine, much prescribed by Italian doctors St.-Anthony's lire, rose or erysipehw, tetter or salt rhenna, for producing a salntary'degree of mental excitement ecaid head, ringworm, 4cc. should"not be borne while thoy can borequisite for the endurance of the increasing amount of' so speedily cured by AVEH'S SAKSAPAHII.LA.they entered the.field at a fortunate moment of religious interregnum, just after that remarkable man,KamebamebaJfJ Sad abolished idolatry, and when thepeople had rielt'hk r a rebgion nor a civilization to beand fined Norton 407 and costs, as he (Mr. Baffles) be-mental labor he has had to undergo'during the last few Adams. '.- • months. A private letter received yesterday says that the change in the appearance of Pius IX. is evident toSyphilis <>r venereal disease is expelled from the systonrby th« prolouped use of this Sarsapaxilla. and the patient loit as healthy as if he baa never had the disease. . . • , ' .Female diseases are caused by ocrofnla W the blood, and a m Kenerally iidou cored by this iiAUact of SartapariJa. Pnce, $ 1 pet bottle; or 6 bottles for if 5. , •••For oil'tbe purposes of afamily phymc, take AVHR'S C A - TnAKTic Pnaaf which are overrwhere known to bethe best purgative ihat is oil-red .to tbe American people ^nge, 25 conU. per box; or 5 boxes for tfcl. ' - _ , , «should never be;: orgotten, nor credit for them be spar- deavoring.to escape in the boats. Tnc St. Patrick wasingly bestowed!j a fine ship of 800 to 900 tuns, and had a carge of 3,3801 had letters of introduction to the lioman CatholicBishop at Honolulu, and visited several of the Churchesand Schools under hisjurisdiction, which extends overall the islands of the group; So far as I observed, themissions are successful, the churches are well filled, tion, and as-to ]the Jlev. Mr. Damon, its Chaplain, :->orts,have passed within a short time of each other aand the priests bore good reputations for fidelity andbeing "the right man in the right place,'.' there is no urge ship on fire, with no traces of any name, and no difference of opinion, I believe, anywhere, either in living person on board or boats in the vicinity.[Winner &Sauth'a-EuropeanTimes..been, and must ever be, in those islands, a peculiar struggle between the influences for good and the m- TheyareplacesofvisitfortheshipsPacific is increasing at an extraordinary rate, and is almostmonopolizedbytheveseelBofourcountry.'^ward the student went again tovlait the. Benedictine. Whenheroeetogohispiouafriendeiuatohhu; "IEYt19, on Cat rriial AnVotions and Deufnoss, la to-day'» 1WAW, «o4fiaences for. evil.,is, ou!-''.••' 'i»'•Ahave not got about four and a hail yearH; some tbne last Spring I was culled thij»k so; I felt, iK|bw-Haven Kailroadat Port Chester, Friday m o r n i n g The tr'ain was immediately stopped, but not in time Urnied their right to anything. As it is, in no placein the t'owe Department, and 1promptlynotilied the Jfoatmauter General porte-monnai. "I He went to seej the. pious man, but a disaster 7 thxit I had agreed to perforin that portion of the service; he object-ranks aa contrioator to yonr columns. I remember -the night when T R S TRIBCJTR which bore the evidence *-<rfhisreadyra^ntarrived. "Tommy,"whofirstsaw.it, became at once ecstatic, and ran about wildly, com- over by feudal chiefs,''and abandoned to sonsuality, best citizens stand as a good genius between the natives the BUrjrj«ct farther; be finally decidod that it -vr'as. salundi service, des-Victoires, tlh ^vu e Da(l assumed.this dress to make pices of the Managers of the Home of the Friendless,l-paper. Aa for Booien-yitze himself, his feelings soughtthrough tflie wildest spots, unarmed. Having just come decision; I refused to be?/>/ne responsiWe f*>r any contract for BO'from the mountains of California, I was prepared withgoin# to school and public worship with more regu- rexpreesion by acfe^ not words. Drawing from his larity than the people^do at home, and the more elo-short a period ZKnine monilia at a«y bi<3 whatever, bTittold him that if he madna bid whi'sh wan azeepbed, and wonlii give me the refusal of t i e same portion of t i e service, 1 would consiiierhe had fceen there la. Htyear in the costume of the order.whereas thoy found these islanders a nation of half-miked savages, living in the surf and on the sand, eat-ing raw lish, lighting among themselves, tyrannized able and so fairly enforced. The Government and the eport^^ 'inu letter replying to hi* objections, but did not presi* stated at the ho. 4 which was in the Hue Notre-Dame- HEADINGS pr A WEST-RUN LAi>T.~Under the aus-world that I have visited, are the rules which control ed Vist the AUonity-General had decided that this was iainnd and viceandjregulaleamusementssostrict,yet,soreason- doLiie*ticser\-ice,oadnotsubjectlothelawof-Jane,l«5iJ;Ire- v,ethai it lOUJtt be advertised, and could only be contacted for thethoy now see them decently clothed', recognizing.the and the;bfesicgiog army.- As to the interior, it is well term of niae.months; Mr. Barney then again called on roe,, and some pnrcbasee f\?P hit. monastery,and he had beenjarwkaxiag the intelligence that 8ooien-yitze'8 work,•with that skilled artist's name attached, was in a news- law of marriage, knowing something of accounts, known that a man may travel alone, with money, proposed t^makecertuia bids, with my cooperatioa, under that received by them ai though dressed in a blouse 'becauseMilw. C. A. Jacobs, from Galena, 111., entertained a* select and appreciative audience of ladies and gentle- men with a series of readings in current poetry at the Gbapel of that Institution, in Thirtieth street, ThnxsaayThe young man wpi''^ to the Police, where he discov-.pleeve a Japanese fan, he gravely placed it in my hand, vated of thczn taking part in conducting the affairs of regionjjb'n't was told that those defenses were unheard it, and if founi practicable- would lond bim my ^o&poratio^ ered thai Father !Avi ^is had really belonged to a Ben- evening., Slie rendered, among other pieces, th«HeKarBr.E CKIWJKV- -The Jswrnal dcTAisne gx7es an the audience. that the mer« preacher, with hid book under his arm, American missions. As to. their fidelity and industry Cnet:tion-rDo you know anything about ,tho payment of any acwant of a laboreiveV years fM, who has lived ft>r ation the jaative mind may take in its further progress, j*nd he persisted in blowing through that inst: ument, ized society. Bach house was-a center and source of there ard]s:>me considerations worthy of attention.competition with ua; they ajso said th.it the Paciliw Mail: Steain-wliip line agreed to pay him -thirty thouHand per month more to lately at a neighbors he^oa 5 said that her mother had* down, su<3ienly fell of its own accord, burying four&rith. great furce. into the deaf gentleman's ear, whothrfe yeain •it.was to cease the moment any competition- ap-•wave; for, unlike the Asiatic?, thev had no civilization competition, and the inlluence of bin nanve and-capitul-WBH relied fessed that he badJstrangfeiil .it, as well as four others.civilizing influences; and the natives generallvyk-ked The mill is of natives of this zone of the globe pecu- liarly reqiuiresomething to retain their attention andprwent conijx^tition on their wide ; thin-arrangement lasted about been recently confined,. aa4 that the baby was dea'£-place of resort by the natives for medicines and medicalthe Puritan or Independent; and in this they have had Spring of 1857, the contract with Mexicowasy held by u company in the village, but nothing waodone, as the father was .in New-Orleans, of -which Sloo owned a majority of- stock; inin the wjoiat of times, and their success up to the pointtheylia^ynowreached, Ithink of none. As to thepro'spectb for their system in the future, andrthe direc- Aspinwall, ten thoiieahd dollars per month, as stated hy my coirmen in the ruins. Patrick Manarhan had one of hia. •fwaamore astonished than charmed with the proce^d- to she superiority of our civilization, and copied its interest. | The missionaries have recognized this law in peared, hence it became the interest of Vanderbilt to'«rppre»s all The gui?ty conple-were ssrn -eted, and the father con- legs badly fractured, bus the others were less seriouslyhxg. When Booien-yitze was informed of his error, he of. their own, and. unlike the North American Indians, their schools, and find it expedient to fix the attention upou to do it; I'objoct«d and protostod, from hrat to liwt, againsttook an attitude of statuesque misery, from which I they were capable of cizilization. Each missionary of scholars in recitations by classes, by responsive and this arrangement; under tins blach-mail. arrangement.he re- The bodies of two akvebeea^iscovered. The brother immediately. It is said that the accident occurred-am positive he did not stir for an hour.The nonronndingH of the room of Booien-yitze and his friends are interesting in a different way from those ofwas obliged to qualify himself to some extent as a black boards, by maps and pictures. The only systemphysician and surgeon before leaving home, and eachmission-house had its medicine chest, and was the of worship [and discipline which the missionaries have A.—Yes, I know a good'deal about it. .general reading and answers, by the use of figures onceiwd about one million five hundred thoiwonddollarn. ;- Qner.tion—Do you know anything abont the interference of this Government "with the Tehuantepec contract and ronte 1and sister, with then* father an'd mother, who were ac-Injured. They were aH conveyed to the Hospital tbrongh tbe gnmi carelessness of those superintendingcomplices in these murders,, aire awaiting their trial atintroduced has been that which is known at, home as Question—Well, utato what you know abont it. A. In the Laon. This itate of afTaire had loijg been well known securing the wait,advice and care. Each missionary was a school teacher^ k a t e r o ' s stately parlor. Hem they are purely do- to the natives, in their own language; and the women tbe'ficld tq|[themselves. The houses of worship are :Junci was informed that the Administration had taken up tho a terrible fellow andjgenerally iea r 3d. • juestic. Scattered about are sandals, slippers, hats, of the missions, who wer« no less missionaries than plain, naked buildings; with pews and benches, a'large ! Tehuantftpoc question; surpritsod at this, i called on the Presi-their husbands, tangbt schoolsfor women and children,, desk in which the preacher, sometimes dressed in the dent; he professed to be anxious for the speedy opening of that'handkerchiefs of rough cloth, Htkmped with'colored tweed sacMtfeoat of the shop and market (or, as I once route, and complained ef everything that bad been done, and of instructing them not only in books, but in sewing, everything that had not been done, under that contract.; I told figures, mirrors of polished steel, umbrellas of impog- knitting, and ironing, in singing by note, and in the saw, with Ihe spurs yet on his boots), stands to read, him that great difficulties and several shipwrecks had interfered "fng dimensions, mamtfactured of oiled silk, and so ar- discipline of children. These mission families, too, preach,;an| pray. The congregation sit through the with that contract, but that the spirit of it had been observed, and were planted as garrisons would havt been planted by whole servwe, not only never kneeling or standing in that the Mexican Government had not complained'; that the xangbd as to fit together when closed in an apparently prayer, cu I not even bending the head forward in work was going on npon the Isthmus, and that I had just dis- •aoHd form, and other curious appliances of comfort and a milirnry conqueror, in places* where there were no token of re erence. The music, which is solely the patched myself a steamer to navigate the Coatzu<^)alcos itiver, in inducements of trade to carry families; so that no large pursuineo with the contract with Mexico; the President, how- ~*secessity. Oddest of all are the pillows—little wooden region, however difficult of access, or undesirable as a singing of ic or two rhyming hymns, is performed by ever, n'ould not be satisfied, and the result was that he soon afterJboxes, fastened together without nails, abont six inch- residence, is without" its headquarters of religion and a tmull (' •. The con,trregat.ion" have no part in the Ment a dispatch by Senator Benjamin and Mr. Lesere to our Min- s<-rviee. l e y arc: simply listeners, from beginning.to ister in Mexico, written, as I understand, by himself, but signed<©*» in length, four in hight, and three in breadth, with civilization. The women of the mission, too; can ap- end. Y >£or old, learned or unlearned, they are ex- by Gen. Cass, instructing him to have the contract with Sloo ab-; ' .SurcrDE Br SWOOTIXG.—Talentine Dick,j residingat JNiO. 704 Fourth street, committei suicide yesterday —At the last' meeting: of the- Asi* tic Society Captain mepraingv. by blowing his brains out wi*h a pistoLGreag exhibited various aoticios of Japanese The deceased is supposed to hxve been temporarily commerce. Among I them was- a '«eabinet of variouswoods, an ©xcelienfc telescope; (which coat forty insaxe. Coroner Jaciman will'hold an inquest on thebody this raorning.cents, a clock which!1 marked-time by its descent along Uj',..-', '•a scale," some illustrated books which show a good Swr»Oxn*G WoME.v^^-Gewrge Werner, a boop-skiri knowledge of the laws of perSpectiye, a lot of indecent manufactui-er at No. 259 Chamliers street, was com-but well-executed paintings,, and specimens of the pa- plained of before the BJ»yor yesterday by two girlswhich arc often the most decisive,, influences.In the course of the.two month's I have spent uponthese islands, it .has been my.good fortune to be theutter for themselves. My observation, after attending but the S!oo contract-had been guaranteed by the Gadsden treaty, several plac of worship in the principal islands, is, which, authorized the United States Government-to interfere for lis protection, und the President, seeing this, instructed our that the nati es, except there be some stirring passage Minister in Mexico, Mr. Forsyth, to negotiate a new treaty, which in the serine are languid and easily-distracted listen- would protect this new grant; the Mexican Government, see-guest of many of the mission lamilies, and to become <:rii, and irtyerent actors. In their family worship ing the anxiely of our Government, agreed to abrogate the firmly. Upon,tables and stands are other characteris- more or less acquainted with nearly all of them. And, thev kneel, nd are more reverent, being left more to Sloo grant, und authorize the new one, but on terms much lessup by the head,steward^ and;adopted in '" mass meet- The amount claimed by th* two complainants wastic articles;—teeth-brushes made of strips of wood, with the ends'split into fine threads, packages of scented tooth-powders, which are regularly u.-<ed by them, and Btrings for binding up.their hair, made of long twisted Strips of white paper.v As I enter, the party are discussing the Japanese illustration? ic^he ]S?ew-York.Pictorial?, among which jtbey detect many errors, and point them out with an.exactness that shows their superior accuracy of mem o r y . Th^ry laugh at such blunders as putting the sword upon the right band, and misplacing the Japan-ese flag. Moreover, Booien-yitze unfolds his own Views of "the same scenes as those represented in the ^nctoriaht, and invites eompariwn. It appears that his sketches are really more correct in detail than those offavorable'to this country ;.and wheu.our Minister presented the beside fidelity in the discharge of their duties to the their instinct! At public worship they come in at all draft qf the newly-prepared treuty, it was rejected, the Mexican nativesjt" 1 can truly say that in point of kindness and times, sit, loo about, easily fall as|eep, and when the Government refusing to allow the Government of the United last prayer |<inds, Stai't for the door, a good deal as, Slates to intervene at all for the protection of the new grant; the'principal pretext of the President was, that the Sloo party was not able to comply with their contract with Mexico, although he was assured by me that they were in the actual prosecution ofing" by the cabin boys and others interested, upon the- Rtearner in question: jabout $~. Ap'oSccr was sent to have the matter set" tied, j But the hoop-skirt man thought he would try an experiment, and told the* officers he would not do any such thing? as pay the anaount. What measures the City Marshal;will Utke ha»>not tran^piwd.CoNFTEMATior*.—On the 23i inst. the- Eight Rev.Bishop Potter, L\D., confirmed thirty-one persons inhospitality to strangers*, of intelligence and generalinformation, of solicitude and painstaking for the liberaleducation of their children, and of zeal for the acquire-ment of information of every sort, itwouid be difficultto find their superiors among the most favored families" should not be!at all surprised if their voluntary and lars of his own means for the purpose, and that the MexicanItiefs and Revolutions of steameraiid G. B., Secon*minerals, shells, plants, and flowers, which must be valuable to science, and the missionaries have often preserved the best, sometimes the only records of. the volcanic eruption^, earthquakes, and other phenomenaand metereofogical observations. Beside having given, as 1 have said to the native language an alphabet, grammar, dictionary, and literature, they have done nearly all that has been done to preserve the national traditions, legends, and poetry. But for the Mission- aries, it is my firm belief that the Hawaiian would never have been a written language;'there would haveecstaeies and their revivals, should draw off the natives new-contract had been made, and before anything of consequence in large Burxft ere. The missionaries of. the Church of had been done on the,route, and before it was in order for thetranswiBidon of mails, a contract was made in violation of lawSice. 2. Ko smoking aloud in the cabea—50 cents or the Church of the Atonement, corner of- Thirty-thirdstreet! Jand Second Avenue, cif which the Rev. M. cents cr 10 strips. . E. Willing, is Rector. This (Jhurcb enterprise was SEC. -4. No ^leaping on watch, if so, shall be found commenced only two months since, and is favored iaall its departments with unusual prosperity.SEC. 5. Ko drinking aloud after thrive, or that if so,finde 50 cents or 10 strips. On Thursday night at 1 o'clock a fire occurred jn theapre for eny pinto ou the cost, and go to eleape, and the small stable No. 231 East Thirteenth street, owned by George Murphy, and thence extended to a shanty ad- boy that is on watch duehot call him shad pay the fine, joining. Damage about $100;. no insurance. The50 cents or 10,strips. .SEC.7.NocabenBoysbalhelp hiaplaieuntelthe origin,ofthefireisunknown.a theater .bre Iks up, hardly ever, waiting for the bei{e- diction. . ; j, by J. P. Head Steward,; SECTION 1. Eny Caben Boy leaven the boat with-The Methijdists are just entering the field, and Iat home. I have seen iii their houses collections of congregations it singing, praying,. and shouting, -their cently -recognized the validity of the contract: yet, after theout the permishion of or from the hed or secon stew- ard, sbal be iindied the some of 50 cts. or ten strips (stripes). .'!-.• ' . ' • . . , • -England^ ml jfll parts of the globe, bear earnest testi-tho work; that Sloo had devoted several hundred thousand dol-'Government had not complained, but, on the contrary, had re-SI 1!SEC. 3. Xo profane langager if heard ahal he fined 50 anthems, coiiiessions, thanksgivings, and plain chant- it, and the postages received from it did not exceed *5,000-; $1 or 20 strips. i .by the Post-Oflice Department for the transportation of mails by >that route- for $250,000 per annum, which was paid thorn; but .natives actors in tho worship. The prayers, creeds, the route not being in order, but little mail matter win Sent byMr. "Window—Mr. fisher,-that it is a hard word, "prosti- tuted." : - . . ' - - •you may denominate a capitalist; i am worth over $200,000 be-sailed hence on the 19th for Piuama, returned to portentfourfeetofwaterinherhold,withthepumpscon- stantly going.NA V AL 'INTELLIGENCE.SchirnW.heldaninquestonthebodyofaa.unknownmau,wlu'oh upon 50 years' experience, comprising 600 revolutions- was fonnd, in the East River at the foot of Thirtieth Mtreet. De- of the moon, had enabled the author to foretel the' ceased wen about 35 years of age, 5 foetdl inches in hight, wa» dressed in black clotbea, but had ou a bhie hickory shirt Tho body had: evidently been in the water several 'months. A ver-i*s«aman named Samuel Adams, on board the same ship. It appears that there had been some quarrel between idams and the second mate, when the hitter seized an, iron helaving pin, struck Adams a eevereblow on the head with it, and otherwise ill-used him. On the poor fellow-making a complaint to'the first mate, the latter advised him to go into the forecastle, and let the quar-lieved that Norton did not intend any serious injary towarred against :md that they had the field, undis- SUPPOSED LOSS OF THE AMERICAN SHIP SAINT P A T - all. Bis head is bent, and his eye fixed and dim. Inturbed, to thenteelvesj for one"generation, favored andalmost secured In a monopoly by the Government,Yet. the earnest and judicious labors, and the self-denial of the icsi'lier uussien families, the no small po-litical ability and legislative skill, and steady policy inmoral reforms of tbo later missionaries, and at home,the genius of EVarts, the administrative ability of theAmerican BoaStt [ and the enthusiastic and even ro-mantic zeal andlgenerous contributions of the people.RICK, AND ALL ON BOARD.Intelligence has been received which leaves little doubt but that the American liner St. Patrick, which left New-Orleans in the early part of December for Liverpool, and after being at sea for five months has not arrived, was totally burned at sea about three weeks after leaving port. As nothing has been heard of her craw, it is feared they have. either shared the fateoftheBhipormetwithawatrygravewhenen-raising his hand to bestow his benediction on the people,it was observed to Shake aa if with palsy. He seemsto have lost at least two inches of his hight, and walks-I ought not! 1 > leayetbis subject.without saying a. What leads to this belief is the fact that two vesselsword upon the! Seamen's Mission or Chaplaincy at which have arrived from New-Orleans at European curities he possesses. I..j (London Morning Star. T-r-NlOUT he new American dnuna is to be repeated in superbHonolulu. As|t<J the value and success of that institu-•• ' »Some davs ago a man palled at the banking-house of •Baker, Weitcott & Co.j in Philadelphia, to exchaiigoArrsKXp* Dot" is played for the last time at Baruum's. and style, t[Advertisement.]GirW ud Women should urjderstand PHREKOL-several instance i of this kind came to my knowledge.him. Next day the student went, and was receivedand other hones. One of'the skulls, from the.tvoper riahly corlftet«,U»v ill ofi'ects of chauge! of wtatlwr* &&** abev* -pital sustained j It Honolulu, by our Government, and ing to his lodgings, that his porte-mbnnaie was gone,eera and Fruit Stores.H |t8i,|fp. V V o t F U ' d P V K K C « > * » A ^ ' '" B K A M I J I K B or. T i. »-*••" ''MADientA, SirtutKV. A.\M"" P 0 « T W1.VJ5." •" FORMnotCAi u*»-"• .FarniUel i|rbo n»e Wines ahoidd giyw th« prt^ereueeto tho above. The*-areallwarranteepureandthebestquaUty. Kavh bottlehasM impoitor'scertificateorft*P««ty. 1>orsal©byu» Apothecaiief Fruit Stoiea, Xirocox*, and at tbo Prpot, &o. p i Benver-sU;' l Z:&*no poor ontcas sailor, of whatever nation or color,short story, a n#! Je published to the world, and a pres- let it fall on the stair-case as he went out, and tturboyervationofwhakk'erofhiseflectsmaybevaluedbyhisfriends. Hi|jphaplaineyisimportant;notonlyon bad,pickeditup. Thestudentansweredthatitwas thataEortofmoundhasbeen;foryearaobservableon..'•.>:; ..:••.'••:;,.,Untitled Document;-; •••] •;'-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'';.-.::;-';-' »•:..- :•-.;•,:, - . ^ — r t i v ^ ^ ' - ' y ' ; ' .-:-.•"'•'''•'!one noonethis time,he .w. "*& ^ ; knew where. He had10 strips. ' ! . ' • • ' ' . ' ' , 'FATJS;E PUETENSKS.^—Mr. Beniamm P. Cook, of No. Whatever of awkwardness may be ascribed to her .42 JohnJ irtreet, recently advertised in TZCYT-'H City Directory, to husband, there is none of it ia her.' On tbe contrary, the amount of 3*35. John P . Biyelow recontly caliod on Mr.she is quite a pattern of lady-like courtesy and polish. Cook, and stated that Mr. Wilson, the agent for the Directory, She converses with freedom and grace, and is thorough- had wiithim to collect the bill. Mr. Cook paid JBi<;elow the tuori-iy, |but Kubfequently ascertained,that ho had no authority toweather to a nicety, and the Marshal, struck by the confidence with which the theory was broached, after taking some little trouble to practice the same rule of calculation, found it uiiomng likewise. M. de Con-dict of jtuppohcd drowning waa rendered. • ..»fAd vertisemeut.). PUIUFY THE BLOOD.Not a few of the worst disorders that airlict mankind arisofrom the ebrroptiou that accumulates hi the blood. Of all thodiscover*! that have been made to \>nr^.'i it out, none have everbeen fouild which eouid equal in eifect AVKU'U Cojji'ouxn tix-TRACT O.F •SAKSAI.'AIMM.A. It cJcaiwcs and renovates the blood,instila the Vlaor of health into the system and purges oat thohnmoM which m d o disease. It stimulate* the healthy fuuctiotmof the bo<dy and expels-the disorders that grow and rankle in thehlood. il "11'1i.cxtraoraii;ary virtues are not yet widely known, but iswhen thejyjtare it'will no lonperbb*o' a question what remedy to euiploy ii; the peat variety of alllictiu^ dijeases that require an alterative remedy. Such a remedy, that could be relied on, ha* lciig becii sought for, and nowL for the first time, tbe public havo one" on which they can depend. Our apace hero does not admit ceriihcate»'!: to ahow its ettecta. Uut the trial of a «imd«' bottl« -will show- to the sick that it baa virtues Karpassuis anything thoy hove ever taken. Snrt'orers from scrofula, scrofulous Kwelliajpi and sort's,]try it and eee tbo rapidity with which'it cures. Sbxa diseases, pimples, pustules, blotcnss, eruptions, &c., ore soon cleanedorttortbesystembyit. ' • . ' • ' 'equivalent the check of Ithe above firm for that sum.-He then presented the check to-the Mechanics'Bankand drew the money. He did more than this—he prescntedwith it a forged' ch'eck for $1,400, and receivedthe full sum of §1,700, without hesitation on the partof the paying teller. This was on Saturday,, the 12thinst. On Wednesday last n similar exploit waft per-formed at tho samo bank1, and under similar^circum-stances. In this case tbe check was for $1,200, forgedin the name of Koons & Co., brokers. This check wasa lithograph, a facsimile of the genuine. We under-stand the forgeries were both discovered at the same superior tojmLother aiticle-j for destroj'ins Ratav Atiee, Roe.ch.ea. time The matter has not been placed in the hands of Water Bxmjr, and. every species of Vermin. Sohl at jtcv tiaSome workmen in East! Boston wore digging, tbeother day, when they turned up half a dozen skulls city or bwjwLbput u supply during thw WUXIM WMthM> It iA**".'portion-of.theakullwasretained.Itma,yheremarkedforthepreaetttcampaign, ';.: 7No.1HinX-day'sTribuve,onDisaaaesoftheKye,auiNo.*3.lflk'tbeleariugdownof the building, in not sufficientlyopposite JBfi alo'B.i'li 'WAKNKK, PXOK it Co,—-•—•— •Broadway/iad by all druggists. [Ad\-crti»macnt ]TO THE TRA VELING COMMUNITY ,WoiWSM jitlebrated SC«ISI>A« AKOMATIC Sca.tAj?*w should be in tho r;nhds of every travt>3or. No family nhoaLd SeaTO toofMt\[Advertisement,]MEYK#S MIRACULOUS VERMES BESTUOYER ia I 