 liAMofui-Iwx>*«*»¥**• r '*"(L ItHI'\ '*the latest accounts they were, on October 1, at CampBagatoeya. Capt. Spoke writes that lie hopoe to meetMr. Consul Petherick ar or near Gondo Koro, on theself with lager. •ments, but seeing none, concluded that he was indeedldue to him to state this much, as we have positive knowledge of the facts.".'Each is surrounded with a halo of romance. Old Bongs, old tales, old dreams, old loves—all softened, all hal- lowed—go over the ice with the skater,H * .BROOKLYNITEMS.- SX&• - i:«52*hippopotamustoboot.WoeforthetimewhentheZin- challengethesunto,thawthepavementoverwhichbe thequantityofloosedrift<iceonthecoastwas course of some very interesting remarks on the charac- garified beauiy went gipsying in the woods of Ram- rolls. Science gt el beyond this, and is prepared to fur- greater, according to the information of the Danishsrir ML-:9BA.t a ta*4jart<Qmlockwhich he gives the name of 800 localiUes visited by himon the upper wujters of the Egyptian stream, .of which hitherto supposed. In a gallon of the-mother liquors of* •<* &NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1860.• •*^f^- M«: 'Untitled Document-Fulton.......;City of Waocbeiiiwr..Ijivcrpool Now-Y ork....,..TJeo. i s • North Amesioi«a....-J^v«P<>W«"'^-«.*t«?^4.M.M«***P«>. 13fthis found its way into-the charts.Captain Speke, with hi* companion Captain Grant,well water, even though it bo again removed by eva|>- oration, ia very remarkable, if true; and must be caused by impurity of the water*. The explanation offeredCollege for his identification. During all this time hiB mind .was 'terribly exercised and his heart most keenly lacerated by the thought that his friends rejoiced in hi3was one of tlie Lincoln challengers at the election, in this city, the Boy was obliged to purchase a certificate of "soundness" at the office of The Avalanche. Thatcrystal floor! Punoramas of exlularation—gay colors flitting through the prismatic air—eyes darting like star* in the horizon—cheeks rosy and lips the same^—• merry laughter, cries of surprise and triumph, and,the day in skating. A large number journeyed to the -. New-York Central Park with the same object in view. The day passed off very pleasantly, with very httlo ••and insects, and tbe resources and pleasures of quiet <eou»try. life, published by Brown & Taggurd; The JPishcrman'sBoy,ThePloicerBoyofthePrairie,andbase hasbeen named Cocain, in conformity with chem- pofsible to stop, he had the presence of mind to put on the present year is, "The Prince o f Wales at the the season, but one night lent i t a n attraction stations on the route, but also tofix upon aud examine ical terminology. It hasgreat similarity to Airopina, the full steam, and dashed the obstacle to shivers without Tomb of Washington." The oxercie^w arc to be s»3nt tl e precise localities for the landing of the cables, asactive principle of Belladonna and Stramonium. I t the slightest shock to his own train. Neither the King in to the Vice-Chancellor on or before March 31, 1861, possess. All about Boston tbe Winter is a gala. The through It eland and Greenland. It wa* commanded*;:•••'••..'••'••''...'•'•:-'-KSTTPUBLICATION^no difficulties were experienced.'the average depth be- The reason why thjfl procedure is effective doubtless lies rather. odd were it "Otherwise, considering t h e of invention will of course keep pace with the growing ing under 300 fathoms,and the bottom being mostly of,. r+vnct. ttm©., pp.300. Tickaorit FteldaT Acollectionofchoicepiece*inproseandversefromsxiubbing she has received (at ,the hands o f her] requirements a^'-'en]arge^','.^pacitie8' of the pubUcr'Aj :lniid>oud'£ late and present -laquau dc plate, Perslgnyaravorable character. Faxe Bay, on the northwest coast of Iceland, notw^thstau.ding tbepopular belief to w^contrary^wi^JonWJ^^JpJr^^ ice and ice-mirable illustrations by Clarence Dobell.otic explorations, and reached the true source of the White Nile. 'important fact that transpired during these investiga- thxongh the variouB apartments appropriated to the ex tions was the detection of a new alkali. This was tensive collection of books of Mr. Panizzi,the principa1 .theater!.; .;";'•.;< • ,. . ;;•••;,'•'.': ,.. ; ,••,• ^• September. The weather she had experwdced during1' iHimimiji i.iiii^in.m,"'• a n g u i s h e d English and American authors, to^udW i —In the year 1820 the subject of Russian encroachgobd)deal'.':Every! bergsastheshoresoftbeMe ofWlgfiC'FromTee- Legation, not a "flunkey of whom'has ^gohfli)'nearher* great invention has strangled a trade or two. land t o (^enland.-acroKM, tho Greer.Lmd Sea, theset out on an overland journey direct to the Makololo passed through all the stages of legitimate manufacture,—A letter from Guillaume Lejean, dated Khartoum,Aug. 2, brings us the information that, owing to theho**- Ue relations existing betwc«n the whites and theriver tribes of the White Nile, the French geographe cause the same to expand; the residue of good beer is,moment for departure arrived, the latter seemed quite in despair at tie idea of leaving, and on entering a boat which was to convey him to a vessel, he. pulledcuhle bei» g injured 'by ice or icebergs, in fully con- freeze. It not only provides for the extremest pleas- tinued. The existence of drift ice long the South,ures, but also for the roughest perils of the sport. I t coast, is in reality no difficulty ;• it only prevails at theaccordingly, not stupefying, and not damaging to the panywithoneofthearmedcaravan*.Hehudre-healthofthosewhoimbibeitIf,now,theaarnobeersolved, instead, to leave Khartoum on the 6th of Au- has added thereto one-third its volume of spring or gust for Kordofan, where be would be ablo to acquiin well water, and then bo evaporated as before, thehas abandoned his idea of ascending the river in comFrancisco underan assumed name, and departed thither, leaving behind him his entire wardrobe and all thesyrupy residue is bitter to the taste, and placed on the I ple of Darfour. From Kordofan he intended, if the cat's eye, produces a t once a widening of the pupil,the passage, he found to his infinite terror that .he waan object of notice from several persona whom he hadknown in early life as factory handB in his native vil-lage, and deeming that he had been discovered, he re-of £10 has been offered: A gold smelling bottle, agold nals of this club show that by a few of the most simplewithout mateiiaily increasing the. length-.of the circuit.himself with the character of the Government aud peo-man's enthuBiaem for Garibaldi was so great that he could not bear to be separated from him. \thousands, or when a great' crowd follows the evolu-tions of some most brilliant performer, the well-con-certed action of all the. members who are present guards 7 the people from the disastrous eflects of their own tooproject proved to be a t all practicaMe, to continue hismarch to the south-east,-and to strike the*White'Nile . again some two degrees north of the line.leaving the same effects upon the eye as axe caused by the terrible poison of the belludonna and stramonium. The reason which is assigned for these results is as follows: The narcotic principlo of the hop iB so chemi-—Ledru Rollin -has been made the victim of a bur- glary in London. He .lost among other things thethat oasis- He mentions ths discovery o f several Roman inscriptions, and givt« some details of the meas- urements of bights and distances which he has made.—KWpaper of Capt. Maury, read before the Royal Geographical Society in London, November 26, was listened to by a very large audience. His subject was " T h e Physisal Geography of the Soa, more particu-larly in connection with the climatology, etc., of theAntarctic Regions." He repeated a t greater lengthof this plant, which is largely in use in some p<u-te of Setitember. He has the rank of a captain in the Prus- fresh and vital element. Figures appeal- in the motley ticability of carrying a line of telegraph from Europe Europe as a fodder and a source of alcohol. The vagurs sian 'service, and ifi titular colonel of a Russian Hussar crowd whose motion is inspired by a principle unknown •to America via Faroe, Iceland, and Greenland; have atIexpeditiontoexplore'theinteriorofthegreat'Aatarctic• I . m •• - cemmand of Sir Leopold M'Clintock, leftEu- Per-b...'..Now-York.Boston. ..„^.'..JtdTerpooL.'.«...JaB.poisoning.-.desert caudle and Dorcas, and; buckling oh,the skates, theleftlegofthoMarquis.Aftertheaccidenttheenormous,.andsomeofthem..containstrangeproposi-flybeforethewindlikenymphsletloose..NatureistoEngland.Dr.Ray,whowentoutinher,toex-BgHpaBSBBH•i...n-, nv'LtMf^-.v,'.,. -11" '-THI-MH1HJBHil W»II»MV fc6xw-IS55BPWPW*<ifa»5Uto>^*^ '£>'^<%^?^^$$!; 5V ••ii i M.guideandinterpreter. , "vv .^uee solution, being expanded and broken by endosmosc.the Bulldog, to be <kkr>erthan on the Ice-_ , i * & & , - ' " • <andFlahault,andallthesubordinatesnubbcry^ofthe' ^net^<^^j^^l^^^j)^^BEXK POISONED BY ADDITION OF W A TER.—Whendisabled, and'the party headed by Dr. Livingstone had water is added to finished beer, i. e., to beer which has sistance of his friends, in a pony chaise.tions. Dr. Riboli, a dietinguished physician of Turin, aided in the beautiful suburbs with artificial ponds and and a great partisan of phrenology, has written to Gar- extemporized waters. There are feminine sweepstakes ibaldi entreating him to allow ids head to be examined, on the ice, and it is calculated that the champions of theamine the route for the land linej surveyed Strcme Inland, and crossed Iceland from BeruFiird to Reikj javik, nearly 460 miles, in 14 day*.On the 8th of November, tbe Fox sailed from Julian- sbaab,1 and alter a run of 15 days, entered Portland Beads. The results of tbe cruise- are universally eon--—On the 22d of July Captain Fischer of the Chilian cally combined with the sugar aud extract in a good friends, and without money. Consequently he Bufferedappearance of catgut, and perfectly withstands the•'•**.'(••-"Tjr.pair this loss, and had arranged a boat party to explorethe interior, and to r*ach i f possible the scene of the, ftpJy l i b ^ § J P I ^ ***? very perceptible, t h e improvement i n What brilliant pictoresqueness and agreeable gracemeluncboly disaster which overtook the member* of Sir! John Franklin's expedition. The party.inclnded two native Eskimose, to replace the deceased Kudlago,in the fiict that ferment cells (yeast) cannot deyelope hi •who, itwill ue rernbered, had been engaged to act as such a (etaini v. In sounding across to Ingobshofdi, ki Ioera»d,SORGHUM RED.—The sorghum has.long .been em- Prino«.:*B Eoyal lo the Ring pf Pmssia. In each State ployed in China 0S!ihe source of -a r^d pigment or dye, ti e ^yertign is childlefs, and each of the two sisters\ EXPEDITIONS.The expeditions sent out during the Summer re-Smithfo7pacingcounterfeit$3billKontheMarketBankof Nevr-York. Iho acenaed bad In hi« po«*e»*ion a eotMM«raW« ftiuouut of silver, a wo'.cli, mid MUO email article* of r«0tnt pur- che«e. H« V.-&A committed for examination. ' ^ * ?«w—5B*g"S—*————*»—— • .• .KIRK IN EI«HTU AVKNUK. .'""'.;; ;'*About one o'elock yesterday morniug a fire occurred • in Alorris ltobeite's dry-goods Bt r-, No. 181 Eighth avenue, but how or in what manner i t originated isand Latterly the following process has been patented inwill be the wile of tlie son of his brothor, the heir pre-.The Broudwayfaring man has had a new experienceintroduced into his peripatetic and kaleidoscopic life. spectively by the Government and the promoters offctarcb-parte that may be indefinitely preserved, bystm- J and the mud-colored complexion o f everything, has not the ladies adapt their toilette to the new step!; *with a favorable bottom—a depth in which the laying oft ulmoet any kind of cable would be a matter of <*r-her^^^er^altdgether ;'|hyisible^'Jit ^cuM^-be., ^n^ndtbe added to the sidewalk vision! -freKSly.made^asS^j3@Bp^J^@lSm id^ssofyc^fIngenuity:•-•• Hi V ; - - - i^ rneuts m xsorwegjan Kmmark was tbe cause of a lively To BLEACH OLD YELLOW SPOTTED ENGRAVINGS any-more'than if she were the wifd of aiifth-rato actor W>m^y"riot'8^ n e w ; soundings were, as "had Deen expected, foond by..^wth^o^Tennj.on, Boning, Whiter, Leigh] cutsinNorwegianVinmarhwasthecauseofaliveh ORPRINTEDPAPER.—Prof. GirupBesanezemploysHunt MwiMitford, Longfellow, De Qnincev, Holmes, j inteicl ange of notes between Charles XIV. of Sweden .fiom.thePorte.8t, Martin,.;which\-perhaps she w^sheo dispcnFatiori, to wanderdown the far-stretching vistas.at the passing rabbit, when a.portion of the shot struckof lttters he receives from all;parts of the,world isMarquis was conveyed to Hatfield House, with the as-country. Upon their return from tliat region, they ex- and is ready for market, its effect is, not only to dilute, —The young De Forest who eo mysteriously disap- remarking that he believes it to be the best organized world are there. Shall New-York beauty and agilitypected to find a new steamer waiting for them. . In but also to render the same more bitter and narcotic^ peared three years ago from the Metropolitan Hotel in and the most remarkable known. A sad event has oc- weaki}-.'yield? :• ... v. . . . - . 'such a case, Dr. Livingstone would immediately at- A mild-brewed beer is far less injurious to health than this city, has comfortably turned up. The last Austra- curred in the island. Tho son of the-Colonel of the The old city of Philadelphia leads us any distance.tempt to reach Nyassa by mean* of the River Rowar, a strong beer 'reduced to the same strength, or *ex- liun-znuil brought letters which place beyond doubt the Italian Legion nt Monte-Video passed some days on a The Schuylkill Jtiver, devious, smooth, and at all pointswhich is said to take its rise in that lake, and to be tended" by addition of water. The following experi-fact that he is alive and in bis right mind.: Hie experi- visit with the General, and as the Colonel was an oldidered by those Who accompanied the expedition, to t e most eaxislacU'ry. Col.Shatbjer'B-8tatementSras to A fully equipped ••club, numbering hundreds of mem- the existence'of long deep fiords, in which the waternavigable SOT more than one buudred leagues., The members of the exjedition were in good health!mental evidence has been adduced to support the above statement: When pure and good brown beer is evap- orated on a porcelain plate, a syrupy residue remains, which has no bitter taste, and placed on tbe pupil of the eye of an animal (a cat for example), does notence, as related^y himself, is most-.interesting, and i nfriend and companion-Lu-aimB of Garibaldi in America,•-•••>land and Faroe section o f , t h e route, but still W e B and maay otnerp". The portrait* of the various and the Emreror Alexander. The topic has been re- Ozone with excellent success, as follows: £ Into a large she were.. Wonderful is tlie, change in the Empress The Parlor ''SkateB* are'the: triuniph1 Of a'very popular the greatest depth"1 'was5 f a r less (nearly 900writer* form an appropriate? embellishment of the vol- vived by the Scandinavian press in connection with a glass vegsel warm water is introduced, and then bits since the days, only half-a-dozen years ago,, when art over i b e b b s ^fathoms) than th*.deepedportion of tlie direct route. - wne, -which i s brought out i n a style o f elegant new mapofFinland by Maj/Alfthau, Veryrecently pub- of phosphorus, EOthat the latter are but two-thirds'im- Mademoiselle Montjjo electrified the British dowagers, exercise. ThcywpTani1yf^«c^ The charts of Manby and bcoresby represent the seatypography, and is well adapted to the holiday season. lished ^flreTopographical Bureuu at St. Petersburg.COR YRARj• ACaiua'* BOOK E* PROS* AJH> YKMIS. B Tth« 6W.French traveler has now published the first part of a Potassium Sodium, and Lithium. Thd latter metal he :work called••" Resume Geodesique de I'Ethiopie," in finds to be one of the most widely-diffused of the elerin-law to an ogre; nor, to be Sure,did the ogre dream of having a mother-in-law, rather than face whom h would give battle Bingle-handed to a fiying equadron ofHise'oul is filled with Nature, and will notendure such and cairied tbehce to HamiUvn.Inlet, on .the 'co&st 'of audacious • meddling wifh her plans. He scorns the Labrador. The depths between; the two, points werevery, regular, tbe greatest bem^ ^,<^, i ^ P ^ j ^ O new invention. Skatewith wheels on carpet or s^one! fa*hems less than the direct route across the. Atlantic-As well forego the horse -as-a noble- instrument of hu- Very little ice was seen on the Labrador..jpqjtofc O n the return voyage^ a Hecond, seth's of ••dundinfifa were. , iing the "Bulldog, on account of ber paddles, from ap- ?i oaching the coast. Eventually she entered Godhaab.ftointbe British poets from the time of Chancer to the braces one of the deep bays which run into the land from present, and from the poetical writers o f our own the Warangcr fjord, and which the Russian tradors and country. The selections are of a moral and religious fishermen in the vicinity have long desired to possess.skaraetery arranged underappropriate heads, with aview to convenient reference either in private reading —Itwill be remembered that Dr. Bcke denied i n ter of the light yielded by the alkali-metals, has shown touillet, gathering nute and cracking jokes, with her nish an, excellent article of ice on' application to the residents, than hauiieen seen • foiyuany years. Coast-and comparison or in preparation for the pulpit and lecture room.strong language the credibility of the accoimts given by that the spectrum furnishes most characteristic, as well ing, southward to Capo Farcw^U, a ljue of soundings Mi d'Abbadie of his tiavels on the Upper Nile. .The as extraordinarily-Eensitive tests for the presence of merry mamma,who liule dreamt of becoming mother^ laboratory. The"'true skater will have none of this. was begun as near to tlie hind ao the n-e would allow,ments, and' its' quantity is vastly greater than has been dragons, or a squadi-on of flying dragons..A truly delightful series of juvenile poems and he determined the latitude and l^ugitude of some -4«!00. a salt-spring.he obtained one-half an ounce of the'pure- —The Empress paid an unexpected visit to the. Brit- man exercite, and take to the hsbby! Aswell swim in carried from Han llton Inlet to South Greeuland, whereakeiehee,adaptedtoeachmonthin theyear,with ad- Heassertsthathedevoted774daysof-traveltohisNil- carbonateof.thishithertoraresubstance. Butthemost- ishMuseumonSaturdaylafternoon,andwasconduete billowsofpaintedctrnvas,likethelornmarinersinthe •heBulldoganchored,inJuhansf'aab,on the 29thofAmateurs will bo too ready" to grasp any plan byA tempting collection of English gift book* may be --In France a work entitled "Ota'iti"is announced? found in several- natural waters.; The full history of librarian. Her Majesty expressed her admiration o which they can compromise with the hardship and ex A cuisoiy examination of some of* the; deep fiords.Jound among the pubheations of Koutledge, Warne, Sc written by.Dr. Cazent, who passed more than three its discovery has not yet transpired, nor has it even re- the noble proportions of the magnificent new reading , pesure that are weakly supposed to attend the pleasur- which run inland for a comiderable diwtance, showed Eoutledge,(EdwardBaldwin,New-YorkAgent),in- ceivedaname. Weshallhereaftergive,anaccountof roomjandappearedtobe.highlyinterestedjnthede- ableproccesofskating. The artistknowsthatthe several which were deemed admirably adaptedeluding a sumptuous edition of Poems by E L I Z A COOK, years in the Society Islands. His book will embrace anaccount of the topography, ethnology, geology, fauna, its characters,- method -of preparation"; & c *;tails of .the arrangements for facilitating tbe supply of elastic motion is the least ingredient in his cup of pleas- for the reception o f the cable. On the 8th o f October, the BulWog again- approaebed tlie coastv9vo. pp. 108), whose productions, if not of the highest flora, and language of that group, far more satisfactoryhooks o f reference to the numerous readers. After ure; he anows1 that the rushing air, theflashingi c e , of Greenland, close to the entrance of Prince Christianorder of intellect, are inspired by. the suggestions of anoble heart* and never fail to breathe a lofty spirit ofhumanity. The volume is liberally illustrated by a ae- nel the Messrs. Black promise a new work of Arctictravel from .the pen of Sir John Richardson, to be styled rie aef engravings from designs by J. Gilbert* Harrison "The Polar Regions."inspecting the other departments of the national col . lection, the Empress departed, the visit being of eo private anature that many of tlie students in the read- ing-room were not even aware that it had been mede.the light of sun or mopnworking an inimitable tapes-try around him; the song of tbe'-{captive waters below:him, the sudden dangers and nervous escapes,, theSound, at the extreme south end of Greenland, andWeir,andothereminentartists,andisissuedinthefinest styJe of English typography. Another splendid•oluincIS.BUNYANSPilgrim'sProgress, (8vo.pp.408),full of quaint and expressive embellishment, by Watrson, and engraved with admirable execution and finishby the Brothers t)al7ricl. The wonderful conceptionsof the Bedford Tinker, have never been embodied in amore magnificent exterior, and tbe edition must com-mand tbe attention of his modern admirers, as well asof the lover of exquisite and dainty typography. F o rthe younger class of readers, the same publishers have in moie enlightened(?) countries. The moderate use oftempting spot marked " dangerous 1" the fleeting figurefantdemigodsofNew-England—CharlieChamplinof TheEmpreesalsovisitedthecattleshowonSaturday, that.mustbecaught,tiptheelixirwithahealthymad- sionallysweepthecoastofGreenland,beforewhichissued a Natural History picture Book, by the Rev.J. Gk Woon, Seiches of Natural History, by the Rev.J. C, ATXX^SOM, The Play Booli of MctalL by JOHN ,the ice, and navigation was confined to the land ? JustBJ:NRY PEPPER, and sevenj others equally: interestingand attractive. The whole catalogue will richly r e - narcotic poisouuig, and th^se are not unfrequently metdown to his waist in the water. With the last instinct —At tho soiree of the Birmingham Freehold Landthan any yet published.On the other side of the chan-'"'•••'- •••:•'•.PERSONAL..found so little ice that her commander,counnencea tax- 7SCIZXCE,INDUSTRY, AXDINVENTION. n anhood of generous heroism. On Monday, forenoon— the stewards, Mr: B. T. Brundreth' Gibbs and Mr. under base poles, till clear of the laud. While ,the sonableexerciseisjust.beginning todawn—whohave ttermwasatits1ighttheenginesseemedtohave hardlyan intensely cold day—a little son o f Dr. Mettler, Boulnois. On Friday evening the Emprees, attended experienced the muscular giace of;-the latter-day relig- any effect upon the ship. After the abatement of tbeward the attention of the book fancier, and should be to his eCiit again, Charlie fastened;.upon his charge,ball-roomB and supper-rooms, and indefinitely postponethat moving condition of society which the eye of ouri#examined before selecting the Oifte of the Season. Among the attractive juvenile books recently issaed,have been made to discover the active principle of thisplant; but thefce have hitherto remained fruitless, drew him to the opening, and pulled him out of death ' the anomalies of the law relating to the titles to and. article. ' / M'Clintock carried his line o f soundings into the either on account of want of chemical skill ov lack of into life. Twice before, while living at Higganum, in ' transfer of landed property. He depicted, in sombre Roekall Bank, and on the 9th o f November obtained sufficient material. The frigate Novara, which some the Summer of 1859, this same brave lad jumped into language, the evils which, in his opinion, arise from the The last few sharp days has precipitated UB into bottom in 1,310 fathoms, about mid-channel between it'—THE TRIBUNE detires to do honor to one of the in-ing a ULC ef BOundingBin toward theflordl Hw(Inten- tion, however, was lrustrated by the 'springing up of one of those terrific easterly hurricane», which occa-1as impenetrably covered wit^^|rit^%egioaf»1)ut male and'feuiale, of the Place Vend6me,aa a crack shot which skating is held; MA ,ficlcle climate, gives US' only no ice was found away from the shore. ,-The Bulldog:mersed. The articles to be bleached are now intro-This ofiicial map actually annexed a strip of territory duced, having been previously moistened. The vessel with her?aloop pistol]' snicking cigarettes like a Cas- tantalizirig.tas>s of\ the natural luxury, compounded of etood along tbe coast, sounding occs^ohaily. n^arl^'asmore than eeventy English miles in width to the Rus- J8 stoppered. After the expiration of 48 hours they tilian or a Clarendon, and vaulting en cavuiierinKd the ,; 'lH^cring crystals and tingling air. , Ice, ,in thislati- far jm Prince Christian Soutid, when a gale of wind i£338**&S!SttSJ!^'W»*"**>«•f M.8vo..' eiandominions. Tbeboundaryhueisremovedfrom areusuallybleachedcompletely. AsrBoonaBthede- s compelledhertostand.off*bore,andceasetakingfaddle-seat of a Barberyprancer. witching the world trA*, is uncertain and treacherous. Art, steps in with souudingH{ from July 19 to Aug. 1)$} tbe wind driving Anornamentalgiftboo*,consistingofbriefextractsJakob'sRiverto*themouthofPasvig'sRiver,andem-Biredeffectisobtainedthepapers.mustbereinovedrwishnobleequestrianisminafashionthat-wouldhaveterskillfulexpedient,andmakesabraveshowofheroutthedrifticefromthebaysandfiord*,andprevent-otherwise tlie ink itself may be destroyed.NE%V ALKALI.—Prof. Bunsen of Hiedelberg, in th<Bcaused Rarey to caper like, a comic eontaur-^aluaus na- wTb cels.. She tells the lover of the sport that he mayturesthat woxild assuredly make ahorse laugh, and a kick up. his', heels in the face of, oldJBoreua, and ,rhay here Were eight- gales i n a fortnight, a n dHartford—who at the childish age of 13 has lived afuU j accompanied by the Duke of Atholl and her suite, and ness. But all those upon whom the necessity of sea- fwr three days the vessel gradually drifted Southward,iskuting on tlio " Little River," broke through and dis- by her usual suite;; honored Madams Tussaud with a neighboring South American countries give account of appeared under the ice. The boy Champlin witnessed lengthened visit of two hours, and .made a completeion—will'be glad enough to do their, little skating1 on wheels; and the sport was so nearly admitted to the narrow circle of hearty.sports that are fashionable, andgale the Bulldog continued her line of souudings back to Keikjavik, in Iceland, but was subject to almost con- tinuouH interruptions Irom gales o f wind. The few Bouncings which, could be made were of the most satis- factory eharacter, a depth of only 748 fathoms being found where it was expected to fina 2,W0. The return soundings were of a peculiarly interesting character in a scientific point of vi«w, inasmuch as they see at ret-t the long disputed question o f the existence of animal life a t great depths in the ocean.*.' SeveralCOCAJM.—The earliest travolera i n Peru and, thethe accident and-ran to the rescue. He met the bodyinspection of the numerous elBgies and other objectsof stimulus and 'intoxication! The Indiana chew the of his little friend floating rapidly under and against the contained in the gallery, with which she appeared much' it is such a noble and honest eport^and one so full ofthe UBC among the natives of the Coca leavesas a meanskavf:s mixed with lime or ashes, and tho plant—an transparent and yielding ice, whirled about, and rushed gratified. Her Majesty's arrival being, totally unex- the most charming graceH, that we are tempted.to cryin a straight Hue a little way below, where was ii cake of strong old ice, seated himself safely- upon, this, audpected^no preparations had been made for her visit.She .preserved a strict incognito, and was scarcely fashioned Winters, when tbey roasted oxen whole oncr^thro.rylon—is extensively cultivated as tobacco i scoca i s accompanied with a gentle excitement, and commenced kicking the weak ice to pieces.in front of recognized by. the company assembled in the rooms.out for one.real cold Winter. Where are the old-enables the partaker to endure long abstinence from him with his boot-heels. By the time the floating andfood, and to sustain tbe severest bodily efforts. In ex- dying form reached the holo of rescue this wise and —Spohr's violin, a Stradivarius, we are assured, al-one of those stinging seasons would restore the dignity stailish were brought up from the depth of 1,260 futhon:s, which had become entanglea with;" theof skafng, wake up our hesitating youth to its glorious lower portions of the line, which had lam upon the advantages over the languid and empty dissipation of bottom. The Bulldog left Reikjavik on the 2teta ofreudy-wilted child had made for it, Charlie dropped most unique in quality, is in the market in London.eca, it gives rise to all tbe terrible consequences ofwith among"its native devotees. Various attempts of life little Mettler clung to his Jeet. Lifting himself and Building Societies, Mr. Bright made an elaborateOctober, experiencing on her homeward voyage a con- stant Buceettt-ion or foul wind, with frequent very heavy gales; which retarded and in tome instances completelyattack on the laws of primogeniture and entail, and on ' Broadwayfaring Man foresaw at the opening of this prevented her sounding operativns. S i r Leopold the Connecticut River and rescued other boys while exieiing state of things, and predicted that the most the skating season. The rare a i r had' already; and the Vidal Bank. The soundiugs very often showedwe may mention The Seven Little Sisters who live onthe R#u,nd Pali that Floats i» the Air, of rare and years since was sent out by the Austrian' Government ..thrown the people upon their resources for open- that the understratum of tbe bottom wat» composed ofon a scientific expedition,' having brought back a largo struggling in. deep wrater. ; . glorious results would follow from what is termed the air amusement. The cavalcade a t the Park thinned entirely different material from that which u y apon pfea^jint fancies, published by Ticknor Sc Fields'; TILC quantity of the coca leaves a t the instance of Prof. —The King of Holland incurred some danger a few. " emancipation of the soil." The meeting passed reso- the Burface, and which i s usually brought up by Martinand.JS'tllyStories,byJOSEPHINEPRASKHS,a WoehlerofGottingen,thischemistcausedthemte lutionscondemnatoryofthepresentlawswhichuin- away,inthosenippingdaysthatwereblowntherodorleadinordinarydeep-sea,soundings. series of entertaining narratives, handsomely illustrated, da} s back, when • going by special train from Amster- in among t h e balms o f t h e Indian Summer, The expedition o f the Fox was litted out a t thebe invee;igated by his assistant, Niemann, who suc- dam to Aruheim. Ju»t on entering the station of the terfere with the natural and .tree division of the soiL" and only t h e hardiest pedestrians, t h e friends expense o f t h e promoters o f t h e undertaking,and the Summer House Series, by the Author of ceeded in isolating a white crystalizable substance latter place, the engine driver perceived a carriage . —The Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge has given no- ofNature in all her moods, tracked their way over the and was intended not alone t o cooperate with1m• .••]%*Violet," *Daisy," &c, devoted to the habits of birds having the properties of an alkaloid. This organicthe Bulldog, in the sounding and general sur- standing across the line. Being so near that it was im- tice that the subject for tfie Chaucellor'a gold medal for bare BoiitudcB. The Pond bad heard its swan-gong for vey o f the seas which intersect t h e variousothers, published by tae American Tract Society; Tlie difierp, however, in composition, and d es not cause nor any of hie suite suilered the least injury. and are' not to exceed 200 lines in length. intellectual people ef that region are the readiest of. by Captain Allen Younge, who accompanied M'Clin-Children's Picture Book of Birds, a popular illustrated ornithology, published by Harper &, Brothers,GEOGRAPHICAL,—The last news from the Zambesi expedition is to the effect that the little steamer Ma Robert,was totallyexpansion of the pujil when placed upon the eye; I t . —The shooting of the Marquis of Salisbury was in —Garibaldi, in his retirement at Caprem, 1ms sent Americans to descend from their proud eminence of tock in the celebrated voyage of the Fox in search of has a bitter taste, and renders insensible, for a time, tho tliswiee: He had shot a rabbit, and was taking it up away all the aides-de-camp who accompanied'him, and learning and taste, arid indulge in the flexile sports. the Franklin expedition. Her cruise, like tliat of thespot where it touches the tongue. It will undoubtedly find use ere long ha medicine—the art of systematicBulldog, was in - its main results entnely BuccessfuL, when another . rabbit passed. Colonel Taylor, M. P ., has now with him only his son. and daughter, his friend Professors row their own wherries there. The art of though her operations weie retarded, and in somewho was one of the party, not seeing his.lordship, firedDeideri, and his private Secretary, Basso. The massskating is there advanced. There are societies. Ladiesm e n t i s prevented; by the almost unparalleled sac- (eefci'-nof gales which prevailed with out little inter- mirtion from the time of her departure till her returnromantic, has advantages which we can only covet.a condensed form we present it to our readers. Coming every attention was shown the young man. When the bers, is.now in'breathless expectation of the first hard was sc deep as to preclude the remotest possibility of ato this city, he put up a t the Metropolitan Hotel. While there he became oppressed with the leeling that his friends no longer loved him or cared for him, andinsures almost absolute safety to the most adventurous commencement or the season, except in an exceptional that t. ey would be glad to know of his death. Having out a pistol, and before any one could prevent him, dis- or the most unfortunate, by a complete system of coils year, such as thatrecentl•>experienced. With regard to ample means with him/he procured a passage to San charged it in hib breast. Garibaldi, hearing the report, tbe American terminus of the line, now that tbe Green- and poles, the management of which, in any emer-: land,dilficulty has been removed, when once tbe line hurriedup,anddidallhecouldforhisguest,who,gency,itispartofthedisciplineofeverymemberofhasbeencarriedthereinthe50thpar.ofwesternlon- however, expired in a few hours. No other reason the'club to learn thoroughly;. and when the glassy sur- gitude, the landing on the opposite shore can be ue-money he had over, to the amount of $500.. While on can be assigned for this rash act than that the young face of the stream creaks and snaps with the Weight of i«cted on any point within some hundreds of milesassumed his own name and ever after retained it. H elanded at San Francisco with nothing to do, with no following articles, for the recovery of which a reward eager excitement or too recklcB8_ intrepidity.. The an- generally observed throughout the city, the public,oflicee and all places of buBiness, excepting toy-shops brig Tubal Cainv discovered a new island eighty-five beer, as to be inert, while dilution of the eamo. destroys much, not only from privation, but from the inclemency penholder, bearing the inscription, " A Ledru Rollin, measures hundreds of lives have been rescued from the and confectiunarit-s, being closed. Services appropriate to marinen,ileaoffthecoastofChJu.Itliesbetween.thiscombination,anddevelopesthestupefyingeffectofoftheweather,andwasheartilygladofan,opportunityLecircleKepublicaindelaSarthe,1849;"apearlicyjaws.•.'-• '••,. totheoccasionwereheldinthechurchesduringthe Valparaiso and Coquimbo, exactly in tie route pursued the lupulin, or active principle of hops. Thus far our to earn his board and lodging on a ranch a t aOmc dis- necklacej with a gold Clasp; and an ivory and eilver The Pond in, the Central Park,( although not. too forenoon, nearly all of which were ornamented with by vesfeela passing round Cape Hosiu The ialand i s Teutonic original, who furnishes a must interesting text tance from the city. Not content, however, with this cigar case, inscribed, " A Ledru Rollin, lea Patriotes ample in. accommodation, .is its great feature this evergreens, and several of them being fitted up with from fifteen to twenty mttrine miles in length, its high- for a discourse on the hop-beverage. So far as our ex- life, he made a successful attempt at teaching school, as do hvSterauld, 1819." The estimated value of tho Winter. It is now the scene of very natural jollity, great taste. A number of the Sunday-Schools assem- est elevation is from 200 to i&0 feet above the soa; and perience runs, a good beer, viz: One not bitter, is & he was a graduate of Yale- Colloge. At that he con- articles ^numerated above is about £60. aid the consciousness *hat tho police will pre- bled and enjoyed a feast of the good things, which are its central point is situated i n south lat. 3 P 4C and runty even in Gearoahy itself; and one which does not' tinued a year, by which time hehad saved sufficient —The cup given by the Prince of Wales, to be shot vi nt all rowdy interference makes i t the rallying- always forthcoming on the recurrence of this anni-wert long. 7U° !t&. Captain Fischer believes it to be of narcotize is absolutely unheard of. In fact, the slight to enable him to buy a passage ticket for Australia, t» for by members of the Oxford University Rifle Corps, place of our most fashionable skaters, as the Mall ia the versary. The principal streets were thronged with recent formation, by means o f volaanic action, for i t stupidity that follows a glass of beer is often considered which point he had' determined at the outset to go. H e has been gained by Mr. T. Lee Warner, scholar of lesortof Aae fashionable equestrians. What a wise people in search of recreation, and on visits to friends,* Eea in such a frcqxteuted part of lae ocean aud i s so' the uselul eftect, especially so far as excitable and at once found employment in the High School a t Mel- Trinity College. provision is thiB for the health and good humor of the while thousands of young men and boys repaired tolarge that, unless lately formed, i t must have before nervous persons ar* concerned. The result of adding bourne as a Professor, referring the Trustees to Yale—It having been rumored in Memphis that Heenan 1eople \ What joys of the heart must twinkle over the the numerous. ponds in the outer Wards, and enjoyedand .the rest of the new. Eastern African Expedition,arrived at Zanzibar a little after the middle of Septem- elucidates the necessity of sugar, in sangorees, and ac- departure. Supposing that those who had recognized paper declared: " Heenan is a straigbtkmt Democrat, oyer all and with all, the ringing melody of the skates! businees for the police. • ' .counts for the better health of the Englishman who him on the steamer would have written home, he of the Mozart Hall School; and, lately, while in Spring- In the moonlight such a picture gets a fairy framo. ber. They immediately left for the interior, and a t swidiowfl porter, than of the German who floods him- watched carefully the Eastern papers for advertise- field, 111., refused to cell upon Old Abe. We deem i t Each gliding figure has-a. vague glory of its own.—•"""*"^^••"^""" <.COMMISSIONERS OF DEUDS.—The Common Council at their last meeting adopted the report of the-Law Committee, which limits the number of Commissioners of Dteds in Brooklyn to 350. Of this number, overeach subscribed £109.Duveyrier. still continues hi*? arduous labors in theweariness, the jealousy, the crushed, flowers, t h e half an hour in a strong solution of glue, then taken just rethed from authorship on an income of wore th:m threw water into the BCOW, and she was in danger, of cold in the head. Noxt morning, instead of a dull out, dried somewhat, and immersed for one to two j^OCO a year, tlie fruitof his, literary labors. Over fiinkirig. The owner cried out to the captain, " Hold j throb in the temples, a languor in the limbs, and disap-WEATHER-PROOECORDAGE.—Cordagewhichisthe portico of his country seat, the chateau of Serin- Sahara. He bastjust sent to the Geographical Society which some catechu is added. After removal from the court; is the following inscription:on there! *If you don't stop throwing water into this pointment in the heart, there is clearness of sight, cour- scow, I'll make you." " Well," says the captain, age, a new strength and a new spirit.hours in a strong and warm decoction of oak-bark, to 1 oak-liquor the cordage is dried, and finally smoothed byat Paris an itinerary of his journeys during the firsthtdi of the present year. After a short excursion to lubbing with an oiled cloth, upon which it assumes theT.« th^Atr«p&y^ c*>t a»y1« charjipfttr*,.VOUBqui pD3-s"«-s Bal-.it! Jo voao lo lioic peot-tir'e.—Priuce Louis, who iB .to marry' Queen Victoria's second daughter, sustains the same relation to the reign- ing Duke of Hesse Darmstadt, aa'th'e husband of the*•* what will you do V " X*Q1" shouted the enraged man, •' I'll.cut the rope, and let your old steamboat goAnd so, welcome Jack Frost and his knittmg fingers, now that he has come in good earnest!Coastantine, he left Biskra on the 1st of February, andset out for Nafta. Once at Nafta he determined to ex- action of moisture. plore the interesting regions which surround El Djerid,a remarkable tract covered with a saline fccruatation,and formerly connected with the sea in the characterof a lagoon. Duveyrier, on the 7th of July, was atSougourt, but would probably leave for Ghadamesonthe J9th or ftOih of that month, and .pass some time atto thunder."•:\--: SKATING..••• m>''•'•. ...' , \.._.;.'. THE NORTcH-ixr ATLANTIC.forsaken by all whose affection he prized.Ample funds have been remitted to Melbourne and—The Hon. Mr. Vinton once said the threat of seces-otherwise exposed to moisture, may be made very ward via India and the Continent. old.scow to the stern of a.steamer, to bo towed up the •magnificent Ball, without t h e Buft" cation, t h e be acted upon at a future meeting*Nile. Butthefundsraised forthis gentleman'spro-posed explotation to th-e south o f Khartoum, are not employed in tbatcliing, for tyh-^j vines to trellises, or is De Forrest will, in the course of the year, start home- sionreminded him of a-mnn in Buifalo who fastened an who i s inspired with wonderful fancy. I t i s a 3^0 havo been appointed, and new applications are toyet sufficient to warrant his setting out, although the i —The celebrated French dramatist. M. Scribe, has lake. After the boat had got under way her wheele Foreign Ofiioe and Royal Geographical Society have durable in tlie following manner: It is'first soaked for'• . mFIRE.— A fire, broke out in the drug-stere of Fred-erick Ayling, on tbe comer of Kent and Myrtle ave- n»ict*, on Monday night, frorfi the upsetting of a qoan- • tity of alcohol, which had become ignited* The dam- age occasioned amounta to about ^$00, covered by insurance in the Ijafayetfe Fire Insurance Company.»•ARRESTS >OR PASSING , COUNTERFEIT MO*J»T—Otlieor j«hu«ou of tbe Ninth Preoinot mnw«t«4 PmVddk K*«aMkn •n Monday night for pwsiu* a countorfcH $ 3 bill on the Coa>- nn'rcJal bnnk of Boston, at tho storo of P*ol OJ»«JU, ooni«r ofGermany for the preparation of the coloring principle eumptive. Prince l^ouiB will be 2-4 years of ago next The current of the proiu'enade has been broken by a the North Atlantic Telegraph, to examine tlie prac-.regiment.' He isdistantlyrelated to the foolish and in common locomotion. Theyglide swiitiy. They lengthreturned,havingsuccessfullyaccomplishedtheir(crushedstalks fromwhich thejuice'hasbeenpresetout) is left to itself for some time until a species offermentation has set in, in consequence of which thenuise aesumes a brown-red color. I t is then dried audground, and the powder is digested for twelve hours incold river-water. • The water is^ then removed by pres-sure from the vagaese, and the latter is covered with a verydimto>:odaorpotashlye,whichdissolvesthepoaceatClaridge'e,ever-sinceherreturnfromthatfly-evening/skateareakooetRBapttobeconsiderableasNorthArianticline.Althoughtheseasonwassevere,agetlight.Noalarmwasgiven. coloring matter, and from this solution i t may bo ing and yet very cramped visit she made'to Windsor, those'ot^.a weekly jam of beauty and fashion, juvenile and in every respect the mo«t unfavorable for the routeMovomeuW *T u<^«in Wwusert. TOUfiPAUTm!m*5.w•i*>.tyrannical Elector of HCBSO Cassely who has just dis- skate up'..town and down, on skates that art has con- arduous mission. Tho steamers Bulldog and: Fox, unknown. Before the firemen could extinguish thesolved tho Hessian Chambers, and who will certainly liave to join the Duke of Modena and the'Grand Duke of Tuscany before he is much older.trived for the parlor.^^Wheels, flexibly adjusted, sup- left England at a season almost too far advanced for fianiee the stock was damaged to the amount of aboutthe reasons which he gave in his letter to the IkfcwhAssociation for believing that the southern pole was separated by neutralization with a "dilute acid. I t i s with a precipitancy suggestive of a call on Mr. Harri- Uu-i lias car|ied this clever invention into the street. that has occurred for nearly naif a century,. thedifficultiesencounteredwtu-enotsuchascouldprevent soluble in alkalies, acids, andalcohoL Salts of tin form Queen of .'England and. her solemn consort, who didn't fcteam, voyaging through the perilousfcteaitfof ciinoline. or retard the successful e^titbUVhniout of tho line," but«urrotinJe4 by a tract where a comparatively mild cli- then washed with water and dried. This pigment i son -Ainsworth's Beams'- the Hunter rather than on the Fleets of nice utile boys are occasiomilly met under full mate prevailed, and he urged upon the English Govern-I>aw. Kcu--York Now-Y ork Bo»iuti New-YorkBoetou.....«..«»«*«v«rpooi.w;,.«J«tt. 2 3T # ARRIVB.^ v wlyivorpool ...N«W-YonU.,...D«e. \\ 8o»tliamr^o*u.....NowryoT*:...^.JDeo. 13mentandthe Geographical Societythenecessityof an theappropriatemordantforthiscolor,whichu>durable evenput onhi*Field-Marshal'suniformfor therecep Tie plainpedestriancraft givewaybefore thorn,andHaT*"**''*••••—-^**- ,,PERMANENT ST ARCH PASTE.—The chemist frequent-, at tl;e -Castle hardly long enough to wiBh Princess of indignation. As yet the movement is confined U> glur.dfor the purpose o f examining the depths edition of Capt. Maury's work on" the sea, which- he ly jequirct a solution or paste of etai-ch for tho detoc Alice the usual compliments on her approaching nup- the juveniles, but i t i s not unreaaonahle to predict a of the. fc'oa between .tho various etarioiyj o n the has just ii-sued as London, under the somewhat al- tion of iodine as well as to indicate the completion of tials with the young Hessian, who will, of course, day when it will bo university embraced. Then. all propOrcd route. \Tho . depths', from hi»* careful j ex-Caneda..continent. The-greatly enlarged and much revisedtered title of "Tbe Physical Geography end Meteor- ma»y analytical reactionsby help of iodide of pbtasei- walk into Mr. Bull for the outfit, and infit too, which out-of-doors will'skate. The Wall-etreet men will amination, have proved altogether more fAvorsble for, Jurftum.' I t is usual to prepare such a past^.' whenever is very unfit.' I t is said by certain people, that is to glide to Wall street with heavy and dignified iindula-.. the laying of a cable than those on which the former w.'oiled by heating starch with water to boiling, and say there is no saying anythiig with certainty about it, tions. Clerks and frjuitic tqicculators in rises and falls; American cable was succeSafuliy submerged,.the. wa'erotfitry of the tfea," hasbecn warmly welcomed by the British press.Liverpool.........Boaton..... Deo. 13 WUW50W......';.,.N«w-Yoo*,«..».Deo. W Liverpool........'.Ni-w-Y'ork;...,.,Deo. IS LivcrpooL........ Now-Yotk........Deo. S3being 4W fathomR. loKft in its'doepf««t'parte.' The —The, recent fetter received by Mr. Grinncll fr<*u self. Tho paste thus made cannot bo kept for more provement in her health from her sojourn in these day with eccentric and airy curvetting. After; 12, Bulldog left the north of Scotland on the 1st of JulyCiiT.ndn.,UafiedStetMKansnrooAuntraia«ian.Palestine BIVUJCO..............Southampton.....Now-York.....1 .Deo. Meither filtering tlie liquid or letting it stand to clear it- tliat'Eugenie'departsfor Paris on Monday. The Im- will pnxieed, to tho duties and-^responsibilities of .thoMr. Hall announces the tofol iowvf his boat, whichv , ; i built expressly for his voyage t o King t h a i z >hort time without losing ito deiicacy^as a test Elysian isles,..this halcyonic and hygienic weather, FuBhiohwili come and go with light swells. WhatKingwtlW,Land. Mr"Hall,however,byhi*enthusi-fforiodine,andmwarmweakershortlymouldsandde- whichisenoughtogivoailEsquimauxtheblue revolutionuwillnotbocreatedinthewholeetiquette* re-Icomposes.X>r.FriedrichMOMdireotstoprepareadevilswiththeblueuioldinesaoitheatmosphereofthestreet!'Bywhatdelightfulcm-tailmentawill and activity had been enabled in a meawtre .tofor the Faroe Islands, taking soundings about uddway. where, according to the 'charts, the depth' was 6si0 liw.boms,bntimdrngssuudiugsreadilyhi2MfathouutLivciTXK>l ..New-York. Doe. 28whichtheSummersongsofitsripplingwatersdidnot wellastoexploreandfixupontheoverlandroutes northern navigation, and encountered ,an Autumn of i l ,iJ0O. Fully insured in ihe Commerchil aud ot^ier - ply ihe place and' do^'thfe work of runners. The charm- unusual storminess, followed by a Winter which, for fcburance Companies. " ,ing motion of real skating is gained, without the cruel itB earljne^B-andseverjty, was almost unprecedented in • FIRE IN PKARE-,STREET.*-The London correspondent .of TheLivcrpool Al- accompaniment e£ frost. Erom tlie parlor, where car- thoee latitude's, but they have, heverthelepa, most suc- bion says that the erratic Eugenie has been left in ,pct« and furniture are sacred and the expenses of an ceesfully proved the ultimate practicability o f theYesterday afternoon a fire occurred in the bakery of H. J. Gracey, No; 530" Pearl street, but k wasfcHoon put out by anose company lying iu the vicinity. Dam-.such as the present knowledge of the electric telegraph tion of the bride of the victor of Solferino. She was they leave a wondering wake, and sometimes a foam can overcome. Her Majesty's ship Bulldog, under theBt«a*B*kip*.Vijco...tJuitod Kingdom Knropo.. AtlnoticjTor. • «^ Xto##. Liverpool.«•«• -.Dec '& OW$«w ..Qpo. H.LivorpooL..... —P*0. 28.*"her.voyage from Labrador was most severe; [sBc. en-countered no less than five gales of wmditflejghv'dtay.s.THE OBSKRVAKCK OF CHRISTMAS.—This holiday was.TELEGRAPH Myrtle overnft amd Spencer street. It appearing that K.««MMa had obtained the bill in payment for' luouey due ioka, h« we* dUcheurged by the Juttice. The Mine otBoer arretted Robert•..Li%erpooi..»..»Ja». Auotrttlcsioa...........New-York.*.• ••^Liverpool........Ia*i WAmerica..........I'c-t.VvUiu.........Liveipool........Boatoa .....D^o.*4 .. .Southampton.:. .^.Ksw-Yttrk.'.-..'...J«a. .'•>-~m •--. Iii',' "•*'•••£&•»«'^V!' •:-<«4ii?tj*Mli r—M, —+imThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•58R, _ataag&te matwww.fultonhistory.com3 3 :arc"it ti'm.mma-te 