 wa»»-*sje"—-—AKEIVALOPfHKARttIA- |-gHotel da to Vlttoria, arrested aad sent to Fatos and Peaatrn, bath sawyers, and sentoutofthecountry;Quesfca,aJoar- annoyedtvm «- -_.-wi. °*lastingtowards sPaac*#Eliel. Theid have andiftbe pot in,what' thoughAnd hto Int-j have easilyDo.. 79 . 83 . 82 . 80 . 807tf 86 +57* SO 86 91 63 87 Si 66 28 981358482827?&3 43 80 36 8d 93 08 8968 82 10Derby were lattty examined before the committee, and their lestimcoy was every way most satisfactory. The ehipe are so far regressed towards completion that two or them are nearly ready for launching.Col. Tal P. Shatter baa got bis flaancial ma^hnory In operation for establishing the Danish-Icelandic and Ameri- can Teh-graph line. Tbe tlCC.OOO of «•caution money'' tor (be concession of the Danish government for establish- ing the line, was remitted to the Danish Minister of Fi- ascos yesterday. Now the business aeemi to be to toy ctwn the wire. I consider the "personal inspection'' nade bv Mr. Shaffner last summer a very superficial one, for he never went to Iceland at all. His greatest difii- cuity, next to the tee of Baffin's Bay, will bs the currents in the Greenland Strait, between Iceland aad Greenland. I probably know quite sa much of that region as Mr. Shaft'- cer, having voyaged in those seas, aad I tell him hta work is not to be an easy one Performance lathe dog that brings In the fox, and when he has got a communi- cation established between Copenhagen a n d Scotland, and Upter Navikjln Greenland, I shall b e ready to admitspoke for nearly an hour, eloquently aad to the point, and whan be closed there was a bushed marmarof ap- plaose. He was foltowel 00 the Cher side by Disraeli, wfcom I shall leave tor a future le'.ter.Having heard considerable of EogHah oratory, my Im- pression is that so far as elrgance of expression, brilliancy and ntsgnetie effect are concerned, the oelebrabal Eutfiisa speskers t o not equal ours their apeoches read b itter than they sound, while with most of our speakers I be iave the opposite to be the case. They are more thorough in the examination of the subjects iu hand Super3;Ul gaudiness will net make staVsmen la England. Ia a fu- ture letter I shall continue sketches of the Cabinet and prominent members of the British House of CommonsOar Paris Cnrreapondence.PARIS, March l i , 1860.their homage to the King. Tbe Municipal Cooncil willgive Farini and Ricasoli a graad reception, at whichthe thorities, and the disgust with which their behavior ha*Paris Despatches.Ar6iamtS-a.stookso. bonds, 1*771 Carolina 5's, bonds, I80di o'», boada, divera 16% bonds, 16S0*'s, Bteritogboaas, 18SS.... ie«e,uniCtatralT'soperoeat .'1 roent freeianda,•hares, dintCentral 8 per cent, 1869....ahnrea97 a 9t 81 . a 83 &»*a MX 86 a 87except one or two Liverpool men—in favor of the Atlan- their people aad lelt them without a government, wulle tic Boyal Mail Company 'a contract. Mr.- Lever and Lord England h..d cot yet run awa? from the Ionian blea H eWL Y . Osaarai « per osat. Do. 7 per cent Oa. Share*Maw York and Erie 7 per oeat,*1867 IsaTperosnt, 1869Da. 7 per osat, lRSiDa. 7 per seat, 180*j 7 p e r ceat, ISSb Da T per osat, 1872King may probably asstot, In order to receive the annexa- tion, and pledge himself to hold it against all comers; the council pledging itself to support him by aacrinces however serious Every measure haa been taken to sup-inspired him, bsve impelled him further onward 10 the march of liberalism than be may nave originally cotton- plated. Hetoamanofaboutfifty,andtrom hie U-M;.U and position is dkely to play a prominent part in too fa ture history of Germany, where hia popularity is al n >«t asgreatastbatenjoyedbyHenryVonGagernto1»4A. Ltt us trust he will not prove an unwortbv tl a a£ toe latter.Tbe melancholy accounts from the district of Sshtochea, in Western 1'russ a, referred to in one of my preno :i re- ports, find an echo now in the cry of distress ariaiog t>.»n tbe mountaitous j arts of Lnsaua. The whole popuimi.oa87 afttos ate steady, aad cjootea sales Illinois Central share*,FanssryrvaniaCentral 6percent.tfce London timet of tils 17th says:—American securi-A Kf~x mPtifcr JUHmg a n d aTnpiish A«oi-FOilKIOH*M**f*W*iii~>i~aa*m">if aawa *DESP AfCHES.VJ*_mjKj*,Emanuel—In otber words, for annexation to Piedmont.There are rumors of the removal of the French troops from Central Italy, and many correspondent* seem in- clined to doubt that France will aid the Italiana In theirmust bo able to keep up Intimate and friendly Social and conversational intercourse with the rest Of tbe diplomatic corps, as well aa with the leading public men of the country. They ought to be In the habitMseeing them constantly, of entertaining a i d being en- tertained by them, with that practice of intimate and con- fidential Intercourse which Is most commaotoatire over the dinner table, and which naturally springs up amoag men of a superior class In point of education and position sstociated together in such official and pereanat relations. And now. how can thia be done if oar Ministers cannot speuk either tbe language of the country or French-1 In fact, tbey ought to apeak both to be really and pro- perly qualified for these important positions; but n perfect familiarity with French, at toast, ought It be exacted aa an Indispensable qualification lor aay man aspiring to any of these appotntmeats. And If a practical illustration of this limp'e and eviuent truth is wanted, a recent and striking one Is at hand. Judge Meson w a s undoubtedly a very able and distin- guished, a s well aa an antable gentleman. In hto time too, he had the advantage of having to deal with a Minu-silver groshens (72>^ cents) by his fortnight a Uo>r, or two groshens (five cent*; per diem, on whiah—or, at least, en double that amount, supposing the wr'e and cad- drea earn aa much—a whole family have to live and to pay for schooling, taxes, Ac. The eoadiUon of the l<&4n weavera is rather better; they are paid the munifioeat sum of three silver groshens, or seven cents and a half, f o r s i x t e e n h o u r s ' w o r k ; b a l t h e t p t a n e r s a r e s t i l l w o r s e off, btiig, we are told on official authority, unable, w.tu the utmost industry, to earn more than three quartern of shtmT Hera*.A few smtagi since I spent ofComasoM AnAmericanwho watkirgmtothegallertosofthe> 9ftbS\St S f(^^Hoaa^tfJ^NIW TOKK HERALD, SATURDAY, MARCH U, 1860.-TB1PLB SHBBT.rampaign ef _— —— position ofJ fl.UabcicatUm aindescribed;then anarrationof tbestnsnrrtowbtastheChambersa "tbeof M e e fhiitolnsswri the moments of the 1the chances of the King of Rome; also ofeoameat ofNapoleon'scans*,andtbeentranceofCount TWIEEDAYSLAILRNEWSFROMEUROPEMrGladstonehasdosedu',«*fragmentaryportion nremoer,canentereitherwithoutapermit The*«*•>- efPotiontanabecouldremain-thathewasinno greatmaritisnepoliceoftheworld,.I»h^nnotaayany- eVArtotobateParis;Usewholeterminatingbyag-nermitrial vote saw sdmltsnb'a a t Florence--and I t ) prt st-umtiveaat Washington is w — , « , k - Marquis de Bella and Prince Oamporenle took refuge, fear-TOUI were eait (or annexation m Sardinia, aad sot oae st vhe amount of ceremony required to gain access to the kg arrest, at the Spanish embassy. The first wui leaveforanyothercourse—aperfectlyannnimeasvote. H<useofLordsorOommona. Noperson,other than a thecountry,the second baabeanassuredbythePrefoot have commilled to the banan of Reglendof hta bodget, and h is gonf^ thf—Mtj wtth fly tag colors, maugretomegrowl*froo^vwi<MJtCtosstatereaia. Louis NapotocB ha* agreed to •„ji e off th* prohibition of the es>can HUtoter baa the privilege of issuing daily two ticr.e^ foreachhouse,andthese,withproper impartiaUty,are nrvca to American citizens to the order la which they aredanger of arrest. Such facta apeak for themselves All theseeminentpersonswerearrestedmerelyonsuspicion anlsentout of the country or imprisoned, becauto itthing of the pervmnH of e*xr present repreeenta'Jves to Europe,myobjectbeingoMytopointouttheabsurdityof agene'.al practice, and not to attack nor to wound tbesurvey of tbe greataeea aad faults of tbe Imperial reign.TbeEarlofElgintoiaParis Hiamother,LadyBaste*a bo to her day was one cf ths moat sxtrnorototry woman „ , axastt d«iy-bow much applied for, and banded to the doorkeeper, after navio; Was feared tbey bed leanings towards Sardinia or France, fiseltofaejfBtdividi.aJs—* xeept simply to observe, that I do of bar time, has lived here for snare than tbmy years,Berlin portof paper ran, u>la not stated. The .aleeae of the paper doty wM ba a been sent In and countersigned "ad nait the bolder." But n e fioch tyranny can but thoroughly disgust the people, who not relieve tbat there la at thto moavnt a single one of Ste to now wheeled aboat ta a Bath ebatr, and thought rest help to wear newspapers. u is said, as aa instance simpler process of obtaining admission t* by some meeai will surely retaliate when their turn comes. It M, per- our ministers on tba continent of Europe who possesses sadly maimed in body by paralysis, to still possessed of Oftiltflect,tha»^af—dirw,oaaciroalatiouoftt.OOO,toobtainapanedirectlyfromamember,andmowwhohaps,neareratbandthantodreamedofbytbeyoung siydecentknowledgeofFrenc1,exceptiotr,probably, ssfsfatorryclearintellect, BarattotBTimupon Sif**•**•adey.ec|WCaweek,Thatwillbeover haveno*acquaintancesintheHoasetowhj<nth*ycan andweakKingofNaples.Whileuponthasibjec*.orFdr.Fay,InSwitzerland.MrJonts,atVienna,being everysubject,aonteBeasofpossession,atroagjudg- KW.000 t j T j l t m u i t improve the quallty-nt* in paper tend for one may always get it by giving a 'milling tooae Naples, the following extract from a correspondent's let- a Feanayrranian, bus n knowledge of Germaa. At"?*—*fJ!chespueaspenenaadauiawiMasissuspubll- eftheporteriaboutthedoor,whowill*wareturnwith termaybefoundinteresting:— Paris,ituatdettisntto forournewministerthat ment,andhsppyexpression,satis) barsalonsforTIE6REATElfaWTIOTWITALY,THEPOPKABVOTEFORAHEX1TI01 "ryopotor» aflair, though, perhaps, not partteslarlr re> pass into a watting room, where tbey remain till four totaaassnaMroaeadtodantryoftaaktegdem. Ttoa ansrea toAuiborsani literarymen will baDonorpaid, thenecessarydooument. Tbegovernmentha»lngbeenilladvleedenoughtopublish Count Waleweki to no longer at tba bead of years ths most ndurchi in Parte; the only**}*".i*laborhelagreaterdemand. Thr.gMreaMtRBiihTVeosiisinaearhbaUil,.tlaosttweek,ofwhichyoutheHouse,personsholotog ticketsforMMgnltory(the onlyparttowbwhatranaeraareadaii'sed)areaJlowettadisturbances,thatimportantmeasureofreformhasfailedto producemuchetteci. it*IU,however,readergreataervtoe,notspeakawordolEngltoh. Ifwewillpersisttosending •b/oadmenwhocanonlyconducttheirpersonalInter- coarse with those whom tbey base to meet ta "dumb •how," ooght venotalleasttoputthemthroughagoodtamaparttaconversationaadrespectabilityofcha-ac ter. LordElgm'sviaittoatonespoliticalanddemeatia Tbe fault of this Scotch earl's character Is tbat which Sid- ney Smith alleged against that of Lord J0hB Russell's-a readiness to undertake traataf anyopetattoa, Severer•**' numerous aaaeaato to the toumals, was a highly14 a 16 orinopposingthe Gslwaylute,Uwyare—amajority—all boldgood,astnemooarenaofUeatraiItalyhatabandonedLO.VDON, March 16,1860. 48V a 44 da*.; New York Central sinking fund, 86 Erie EKiterreit About 0u Approaching Fight—Attempts to Pre-Nitlts— Arrest and Ernie of Prominent Men on the Mast wbich tbey have to move, and within which lies their wagons, from France, are being constantly landed. The there censiats of apinoora and weavers, to whom the .i.- Friroloui Pretexts—The English Papers and the Annota- Sphere ot action. Their bosinefs is not alone with the Falsi* contradicts the rumor of the government of Eng- traduction of machinery has been fatal. Toe wen -1ecasatsd i% a 10; 1enasylvania Central aeconi 93.Anglo-Saxon,from Portland, touchedat oa the morning of the 15th, sad arrived at1 at SJO aa the 10th teat.fa* Vigo, from New York, reached Queenstowa on the swentog of tiM Utb, aad Lrvsrpool oa the foltowing day •IBs*. M.Ttoa Arago armed at 9outhampton on the evening ofvent Ii—Ike Haling—The Abuse of ammoM—Mode of ddnrisstsn The OaVkerUt—Ihe Ladia' Oatkry—Speakers' Chair—itodeofLighting—LordJohnRautU—LordPal- menton—Enoluh and American Oratoryfdbc.If there is any one question which interests the Lon- doners more than the threatened encroachmento or France, itto the great fight for the championship—the "interna- tional fight," aa it ia called—which to to take place be. tween Heenan and Sayera one month from this day. In nearly all the print shop windows along the Strand are pictures of the "Boy" and the "Champion"—some of them to their ordinarv every day dress (in which Heenan certainly looks a groat deal the most like a gentlemu) and otbera ia which tbey are more nearly approached to a slate of purit nattwVSmi. One of the prints, whichtion Question—Interview between Lord Loftut, the Emylith Minister e l Foreign Affairs, bnt at every Couit there exist n considerable number o f persons unofficially or AmbassadoratFienna.amiCountDeRechourrr—TkTVotethe highest importance, through whom great in-land having presented that of Piedmont with sixty rifledleg by band, which in tbe circle ef Sauban Siiooe formerly comprised over 80,000 persona, or ab > it half tbe inhabitants, is being gradually SOTV-- seded by tho power loom, and the aa.-ainra ot ibe poor weavers have fallen so low that it aeeot* tru'yLaaaom, March i s , I860.iaVpniiVtoatt seems very popu'ar, and attracts crowds around the impending struggle with Austria. The French troops are,Tbe action which tbe dtecto (which, by the way, has re- ceived a first warning, for an article written by M. Jour- dan, considered by the government to contain attacks against tbe fundamental principles of Christianity) has b r o u g h t a g a i n s t t h e B i s h o p o f Oi l o a n s w i l l s o t o o m e en for a Tew days, in consequence of the illness of Monsieur Berryer, the Bishop's counsel.ITeysiam and Victor Question—Napokorx AsLouiimd Ptn-Hk Rtccnl Achievewindows, to one of "the first meeting of Heenan and Sayera," which represents the "Boy" frankly shaking bands with his opponent, who baa gallantly marched no toaa we are told, to be withdrawn from Italy and to remain in Savoy and Nice during tho elections that are to take place in these provinces aa regards their annexation toef 5ases/ to JVonee a lorepnas greet him, and who says to him, "Hallo, Young 'Meriky, France. All this ia very true, as far aa I can ascertain. and Bit arnapef Omit iVspo- I thought you had gone back to Bentdi," to which The French troops are to be removed to SavoytoUktOf As Prtmatm « QuKxportof Heenan replies, " No; I intend to take something and Nice, but with no view aa to any electionluatofMmc. Btttu, nee Rousseau, wbkh to of a more grotben. or not quite two cents, a day. Of theee uoutpprthat amy take place, for the simple reason that * * • * » * r^hanlaar Baft—dssMsiag Itd&smtt te says, "Yes, a broken head" The newspapers have been Victor Emanuel haa signified to the Emperor Napoleancreatures the circle ot Ssuben sioneoontaina6 400. l a d e r sach clreum*tai.ees it will not appear surprising thai the race degenerates from year to year, and that last aomuwrback with m e when I go;" and a man behind Sayersamsimaai ttatitoj «/ fee Open aVawnaf dncrming the propriety of making a vigorous attempt to that he will cedeto him, without making any conditions,Atittlebeforetouro'clock,thehourfr.rtheopeningor thedecreeredocinatheaaatnanatarifftntitamidstoftberaoent the French ForeignOSoa,but M.Thouvevel,whodees qualification for admittance was ability ta Ban-to the taansaarea wbtoh haa long bono '.kerrkeandteieet Yonknow what >sa.t*ryiballs snl o'clock.Whentheyfileatpitsirs in tbeorder in which areaa'arcoupd'etata*»lnatemus.fUng,generalataateraareInAaeries. BaretheywUIbsaboat tbeyentered,exhibitingtheirpassejseveraltimeaonthe orcaoirediatbeejuotry,likearegular•WWHH,aM<vaa- •ourseof«pantomimic"instruction,towbtohtheirpro- mtautoorhoweverOBsaajebsaaare. Nothingtotoog-eat,thesame ia th*irequalising democratic spirit. I have way,aadreachingthegalleryooor,are finally admitted Ivc*riied onbywetinown pereooe; K laBOWatedenty notoaoyshouldbeexhibited to thssatisfaction oftheSe- 00nhstrass,ortoomushbeyon1hto powers. Hespeaks THE TUSCAN DIFFICULTY. heard some fnney jocaa aad curieui aeraonai aoecdotes of by the gunroiaa. So you see it is somethui{ of an opera- rukeo. rmugiiera were to befoundeverywaere, even at the nate in executive session before the confirmation of their of the Chinese difficulty as one wbtoh simply requires htoofthe Savage Cab,for the beneit of thewidowaad during pr.-sy and uninrerentiog debate. Opposite,and PROTEST OF SWITZERLAND. lamiiy ef the late BaytoSt John. Her Majesty was the above the Speaker's r,hair, ta the reporters' gallory, patron o f the ball, and she also patronized the benefit t>£ where fifteen gentlemer. ot the craft were sitting, plying berperaensl attendance. Now, ee many and ssjh ample their peaces at a rapid rata. Back of this, hat entirely opportune** of getdng face to face with royalty separated from it by a network or wire which reaches to to BAT* His Own go not occur every day, and lt had to be improved. A the ceiling, is the iadvje' gallery. Imprisoned behind this,by keeping up a most ridioulous and useiees dlaoeeawa as regards the annexation of Savoy and Nice to £»•»<»• The members of tho opposition hare fount in this dts- cusatoa a hobby which they are riding to death, aud to their own discomfiture and shame. Even the London Timts. usually so inimical to the Emperor Napoleon, to disgusted at the pertinacity of the toriea with regard to the Savoy question, aad tney are belabored moat souadl/ by the Thunderer for making a capital question out or aA MEKORUL TO COXGRSSS FOB C.VIVB3USAL 8MSATCBS. The undersigned Americans ia Parte—Five hundred patriot!3Yankee Doodtos— drk why tbe country will their feelings harass,By sending such a set of solemn noodles, To^represent at foreign ooorto the nation Wbtohclaimsthatitcanwallopallcreation?So we're mads up our minds there's but one maunis very popular s i the Tuileries, a s to La-iy Cowl.\v a i d recently, when Lord Oowky intimated that bs thought the state of his health would oblige him to retire, the Em- peror uttered tbe somewhat equivocal anaapHrrunt that be should consider snob an event a gceat nusrortuae.Hapoleonmost notorious woman—not a demi rep , bat a real re- probate—sent to the theatre and engaged an entire bo1 (prtoe *M) lor bt rself, directly oppoatte the box of her Majesty, and in lt aha placed herself in •' gorgeous ar- ray"—the ebaereea of all observers throughout thethe fair ones can catch but a faint glrmpee of thebody of the House, and I shoull suppose couM heirnothing at all; and certainly they are not in a positioa tomfiueiice, by their smiles «r frowns, any of the members. matter that actually in no way concerns them. Tne Lon- And rave the honor of the spangM banner.Oar Berlinlbs Proposed Army Reform Movement a Fhfltws PidrestAmong On Poor tf Western Pnutia—ln* Wagestha Cause—Disgraceful Vandalitm nt IMstrto—rabtabU Li- terary Works Annihilated—Arrest, Trill and Sent- •«-> of the PerpetrtUor—Heavy A H of Ass* During the PutWinter,dc ,dtcTbearmyreformproposedbygovernmenttonowprety generally acknowledged to be s complete failure, and Uat opposition it meets with to to decided tbat there seeoat very Utile prospect sf Ma beiag carried oat, at toast to its presettforts. Tbepeoplearedissattefied withR,bothon ancsunt of the additional pecuniary burthens it Imposesupon them and of the heavy sacrifices tbat will be required of them by tbe protrtctoi term at military service ; the liberal press to alarmed st tba changes contemplated hi 'the lasdwehr system, aad serious doubts a r e entertained by practical men whether, after all, the end in view will be real y ob-tained, sr whether tha ministerial nostrum will not rather aggravate than remove tha defects existing ta the organi- sation of tbe Prussian army. On the otber bud, the Prince Regent haa aet hto heart upon reahatac a project which has been concocted under hia immediate anapieea and if Ministers are unable to carry it through tba Secoad Chamber, where tbey hare a great majority on all other questions, it te feared they will have to retire from office and make way for a Cabinet nompoaed of reactionary elements. In that case the Second Chamber would certainly be dissolved, and it * to not improbablethatthevastpowerattbedisposalefgovern- ment, wbich would be unscrupulously used by anyrmm- BojUenburg or a Kltoat Reetzen administration, wotld se- cure them a majority In the new Legislature sufficient, not only to past thto measure, but to support them in the anil- liberal policy they may be expected to inaugurate. The apprehension of sach a catastrophe most eventually bars a great effect upon the conduct ot t h e representatives, who, what between tbelr desire to strengthen the po-ST A TU O F T H EMAHKET3, Actwenty tre shhlingB to pay could go. At the sapper there was a legator jam, aad torn laces and broken hoops were abundant The Floral HaU is a megniOcent crystal pa- lace, directly by the aide of tbe Oovent Garden theatre, aad all this and the entire theatre were used for ta s ball. The Flora! HaH is a plan of Mr. Gyo's for balls, lliweraoor open, more th&n anything else I could think of. The Speaker, without any hammer (with U3 tbe connection between Speaker ani hammer seems inseparable), but dreesed ioka longbUck robe, and afull, flowing, poxoered wig, Bits to It, and before him with similar robes, but wige ol net quite so great lengihAsti the Clerk aid hisWay,To put en end forever to the evil, '""'"",—Basin, March Is, 1800.T H E A T L A i m O C A B L E . performance. Then, when the play was over, the same perron went to the hall, bat there ehediin<x meet her Majesty. Of that clsaa of "ladies" s M or fancy men and of the swell moo there were a gndly namoer. ISPAIN AND MOROCCO. was told there were 8.000 peopleat theball,aad asSuchIstheupnorpartefthehall. Below,waeretie don Chroatete calls to the remembrance of the toriee that From going fast and faster to the devil— members ett, the benches are ranged length vise, rising when England unceremoniously took possession of I'erim, Knee poor Columbia's sons provoke sua* laughters,tickets were sold at an office all day and evening, withintwo or three doors of the ball, of coarse aa who had for It resembles an old fashioned watch-box with in«ttoa to get into tbe gallery of the Bouse of Commonsi went to with the crowd at roar o'clock, and aeoured atourt Hea^onofifmofjkajtiiumaet^we lathe ^rtt^ presence to settle forcer.tary wouldmaore aay predoetton of «hatw» worlds *oj,tm . ' * • Americana to Parte, overwhelmed with a due sense Ail tee Ministers give inceptions or balls ton gbt, being free In order to not dowa this system the almintotration haathis volunteer sasTsiacal There was a levee at ii. Janes' „ M W % > ^ ^ , B | | l ^ > ^ l ^ ^ # Palace, wherethe eMtoera were all presented^to the Qeeen, and then a dUnser, when b* royal mghness PrinceOeorge, QUBSTHOX the commander io. chief, preeiied, aad male a verycomplimea'ary tpe»ci. IA the evening—the same opposite side from the Speaker's caair, the haU being ineventog-rtie nail came off; aad on that eveoiag alsowas the form of a parallelogram. On cither aide are the mem.rM-uitiirnifM-H-"!"*-•— thepxioactasaasearperformaaoeofthedvtiisedmemoers bers'galleries,wherethe'comeuptosnoozeauilounge TbeBritishParliamenttoatpresentdtotinguteblugItselfgood seat in the corner of the r.ailsry, where I bad an ox•silentviewoftheBouse.Thostrangera'galleryisonthe madeimmense.serftosajorj*milnotw*vrXaaL<lVS!S «tbeunfiiaessefoardiplomaticappointments,havebeen tbeMi-cmrknt TheBritishEmbassy,enwhichthegov-on t-acto side, with an stale between them ten or twelve feet wide, dividing the ministerial from the opposition ptrty. At the end of this aisle ia the Speaker's chair, or rather box,the French government made no angry aiscunions about it, and that tbe government even silenced those Freach jcurnaa that aeemad inclined to call attention to the rather uescrupulous acquisition of that bland. It really seems as though the toriea would do anything—even plunge the two countries lato a war— so tbat they got back to*power thereby. They have even sought tbe aid and countenance of foreigners, but not al ways with great success. Thus, a few days siuee, LordLoftus, tbe English Ambassador at Vienna, called upon Count de Rechberg and a-ked him what would be the at- titude of Austria la case Savoy was annexed to Fraace.To choose her cdplomate among her daughters. We can't bring forward Punhndorr nor GrottosNor any of those fogies of black letter Whoseverynamesaretoourearssoodious- Butwe'veauthoritiesenoughfarbatter' 'Hasn't Moore said the most delightful booksAre only to be found to 'Woman's looker"So, if you doubt the good thto welcome change 111Produce In all the public business, Remember how Scott's« Ministering Angel"Istbebeatcureforallkindsofdtotreas; ip AraWa, Cap*. Stoaa, wntoh aailed from shows aad festivities, and will doubtless be a paylag and two assistants. The members are ranged on tbe benches Tbe Count replied thai Austria would act in auch a caw And when affairs get ta a knotty wrangle,attractive novefty.on either side— the ministerial par\y on the right, and theoppositionontheleftof this Speaker. Themembers sit w«h their bats on, taking tbemoff, however, when ris-jutt as England had acted when Austria ceded Lombard/. lot d Lot'tua mutt have been taken raiher aback by thia unexpected reply.V>hatfin rers beet can twisted skeins untangle? "Defend us, angels and ministers of grace,"•a the17thatMarch,a*3Aor. at,arrivedharetj urual publ shea a powerful article Coveat Garden ia drawing to a close, and hta been highly mg to speak. Foreigners, and Englishmen in particjlar, Toe following despatch, just received; will, I do not And doesn't Byron want a "dwelling place,"YOtafraica, aid to the passive attunes of the other Few- era aa late non-realisation of the treaty of Zurich. To aster say oeposmaa at the present -moment would he too sua as the aaassMtioa of Savoy ta France may be regard- eat aa aa aetempt»hed fart.Ik* law tn TuscanyreneerauM!the conscription f seethe gent all,*0Omen.greeted with applause and sacccsa, and prooa^ty you will see them on j oar aide of tbe Atlantic. Of tola, ho wever, I have ne definite to'ormation.Mr E. T. Smith, who ia successful everywhere, U to open her Majesty's theatre in April It is aa exoeneivo undertaking, hot with tbe help ot the pincipil ah*re- boMer, Earl Dudley, will undoubtedly wia applause and sovereigns.Tbe members or the House of Gommons have no tables before them, but they certainly do kvinge u n a their benches quite as mush aa I have ever seen our Represen- tatives on theirs.When I entered the gallery the members ware present- ing petitions from their c >nstituents, and the docan-ints were all duly "table!," or raiher, I shoalt s*y,"bagged," for they were put Into a large black bar which hurg en the side of the Clerk's leak, and which, as fas'. as it became full, was carried off and replaced by an empty one. By the time this prosy business was over It was getting late, and I began to look about me to see where the chtudeiiers were with which tbe hall wan to be lighted. There wer > nooo In sight, and not even a burner ot any description presented itself to assist la solvingtbeproblemofhowthehouse wastoba illumi nateu, when suddenly a tiood of mellow, so tened light fell upon tbe faces of the members below, aad loo'-tiu^ totne real meaning of en(versa! toff rage, which says:— fjatversal aoffrage is only permission granted to the aespto-to s o whatever the peedomioaat party might, b y sssastioatiaa, force upon them. What etttolBhed right ssxild a nation thisobtam agaiast coming events:1 Uot-iwssl nTffif ft is a two-edged tword, tbe hi't of whichentsM, at say future time, b e also seized b y a republic.drainage, and there is no sewerage system Tne conse-quence H ail tbe filth or ages has rushed down tbe steephill, aad ecaomnlated from the bouses and dense popula-tion in a atrip of level clay ground, from half to three-quarters of a mile bread, aad two or three miles long,next to tbe water's edge. I know not if there sell far some additional information upm tne subject of France, and that, the French troops now stationed atThe Opera waeon of Mr. Harrison and Miss Prno atSays Shakspere, when there's trouble in the air;locceasful. Many regrets are expressed that the scaeoa have amused themselves to no HUle extent with taeir de- toobl, prove of interest to your readers Nothing could raf flavor, ia whteh « saya — is not to continue UU July. The opera of "Ltirhie" H scriptions of the scenes in our House ot Representatives, more clearly show how united the people of Central ItalyAnd for a minister "some spirit fair?" With each authorities who can denyTbat thai is what they all had in their eye? And when between unfriendly na'.Hms,To put an end to angry war's defiance, And knit the silken web of good relavoos,Who are so apt at trea'iea of alliance? Millenium da *ns on our delighted vision, And politics will soon be quite elystan. Plenipotentiaries tbey already be,Aa every one of as already knows. And deeply attaches to them are we:Then wby not make then regular Plenipo's De jure, as tbey long have been dt factorIts always bett to suit the word the act to.Therefore our government w e humbly pray.If tbey have half the wisdom they pretend to,Inourdiplomacywithoutdelay /The present state of things to put an endto.PAEIS, March 16,1800.The Observance of Lent—Preparations at Turin to Cdebratt the Annexation Project—Lord Elfin im rarit—Diplo- matic Receptiont and "Boute Warmings"—Probable Re. tignation of Lord County, the British Ambattadcr— III Health the Cause—Thier't Forthcoming History of the trench Empire—The Annexation Project—Military Pre-ita be attrlbated to the policy of Eng- drawteg a crammed house every night. Wherever the and have described members as sitting with their legs land, which shoot the baaia of peace agread up>L at Fyae aad Harrison company go they are oartaut to be over their tables, sn I in otber equally elegant positions.are as regards tha annexation question:—Ti KIN, March 14.—The province of Bologna has given 74,787 votes for the anneiation aud 70 f r a separate Kingdom, t h e rotes of Imola and CitstbTllooe are not yet kno vn. Tbe gene ralreauHcf ibe voting in Toacauy will be aaoertalned on Thursday. The vntea of the province of Modena wbiea are jet known give 62.499 'or annexation and tC for a aeparate king- dom, l i e Mvnitort TVwmino publishes tbe la * oa rearu 'tmsnt, and Brother calling out J cut! men.f LORKHCS, nareb 14.—Tne votnsr, which continued the ce- eoiid c'kj with the atme attitude 00 tbeoart of the psop'e closed it lie evenlnr. Ihereaultaof Ulcom«uni)s u knwa ii|) 10 tbfattme gi»e:—For the acneiatlon, 3S9 0U0: for a separate kingdem. To,'129. Out or tbe abov s number of votes Florence slat da f r 27 U74—26 .VJ3 for tbe annexation, 1,140 lor asepa- late kiDtdom, and nHl oaneel'ed.alonana. nareh 14—For the town and province of Regfto the resnh of the vote la 46 326 tor annexauOa to Piedmont, and Yib tor a teparnte kingdom.1'AKM*March14—a/suitofthsvotes:—Parma,n-tmb:rIn- aeru^d. 16f9'; for anaexailon, 14.084; for a separate sing-ion, 11. Province nuinbtr lnaorloed, M.212; tor amiesatloa, 13,170; fir a separate kmgdrm. 11J The result of the vote to fivesrdeoMeconvokestheNations!Assemblytorthe Yourcountryman,Mr.Barey,Iamsorrytohear,is« t h tost.the Committee of the German National association, BOW assembled ia*»rbn, siabouttopabltohaaenergctiodeoia- raatoa agatoet the tbtory of natural boundaries aad the ana*xatxmofSavoytoFrance,stating therein thatGer aaaay will bo strongly united ia future timea of danger.laid np sick nt that pestiferous sink of moral and earthly filth, MMcity of Naples. It oaght to be sounded through- out the orWhsed world that Naples is one the most pestl- ferona,dangerous hole*, in Christendom forforeigntra Tellers. The peculiar danger of the place, I learn, c*n be avesaed by going up the bill, near the castliof St. Elmoorotherhighportions of thecity,andputtingup, rather than stop at one of the numerous faihiomblehotels down near the foreign legations, and oa a level tbe ceiling I saw whence it c*me. The coiling la of trans-law semi afflctol Dona* Zcttuug publishes aa article » with the water. The sell is a tenacioae day, without lucentsumed glass, and above it are the lights, aud the toomuDri ard cce arrot dlfsement la D t ret known.are many hotels on the hill, but at Portioi, Castellemaro the annexation of Savoy *ud Nice to Frsnoe. Here, you and Sak*ao are delightful stopping places No*, lit me know, the Cabinet ia dhectly coofrontel with the people'!Bryant was there, and knew the family well, and Ue said all and more than I have in a publtsned luttnr, rospeceug the dangerous miiaria and exhalations of the fa!*! water-the House, which up to tha'. tine bad b>en a little noisy, became hushed and still Lore John Russell is a little mau. with ahead altno&t entirely bald, and a little grayOne would think that lenten discipline was religiously observed to see the aviditywith which all the world throws Itself into the licensed interregnum granted by the churchincompassiontothefrsi:tiesoftheflesh;butsnob is certainly not the case. Tbe doors of the sacred edifices1 have just been htforawd that Count Ctvour h « pentsat ta Paris a note to which, he declares that fie 1nont, of side hotels and residences on the tlat, warn a:; ever;holy whisker. He was dressed in a Bu't 01 bAck, d fp'.ajlogto keep on the high ground. About a year ago D-. Cais. no shirt bosom, and, from the distance at whica 1sawhas esrearea wui, osdea te Franca the territories of Nice Uackay lost a daughter there tinker precisely the same him, I should say that he looked rather "seedy " neandSavoy. TheFrenchenvoy,whowastoleavetola eircnmitancea Imjcelf wasatNaplessomeyearsago, 8peal8slowlyandwithoutanygesiicu'atioaanlnoat-r Bfor Milan, and (nelnta<o a significant rewrve daring and put np at one of the hotels coar the waer, aui within tempt at oratory, but in a plain, atraIihtfor*ard mannervote, ass rclwqaished that journey. Everythug coo-effect of this arrangement ia to light up sufficiently the whole house without any glare.When the usual prelinioary buslcess had. been com pleted, a member of the opposition asked Lord John Rus-I have just ascertained from a good source that Savoy and Nice have been ceded by the King of Sardinia toLyoce have received orders to inarch at once Into those provinces.Rtferrirg to the coming annexation of Savoy and Nice tody. travelling with her parents,^sickened auidivlet Commons ready to answer auy questi n which may to France, tbe Arenie of Nice, of tha 12th, says: —% thai way Italy is neither obtains ..g stability tor the•Mare, nor is Europe recovering the reefing of st irity give my evidence. A few years ago a youag A<nerlcaa representatives, and sit each evening in tne B.> lie ofparatitnt in France—Disposition of French Troopt— sition of a Ministry with whom tbelr own interestswatch is now wanting.A Turin oorrtspaidentef the C^stittionjtol writes onana 10th -Naples ia a week—a healthy, robust person. Mr. W. 0. be pnt to ibera. Lord John rose to re.ly, andThe alerts at ths tobaceo manufactory have been for some tfaya past engaged, m eonteinenon or order* resetved f m Turin, in ttkmc an awmutt of tne tobacco which ia now la the wart beiges We batten 10 trsnqallize tbe workmen in that eatabhtaventonther%stit10themofcomingunderthaFrench regime. 7 be manufactory will be kept up, and. In addition to argara, snuC will »lao'be asade lbfre. The cultivaUan of tbe plantwi1beauthor-zedintheCipanmentofta«Maritime AlpstBitis s n n f our neighbors of tbe Var. We can a$d ibat the w» jca both o* men and womeo wJl be raised totae same ta ia ptbl to tboaetu ihe ma mminrj at tfaraelllev, andfrrjecied Pope, dc.Excommunication ofVictorEmanuelby theand their very existence are boand np, and theirunwillingness to countenance a measure which to dtoap-provea of b y the whole country, are ta a moat paiafulstate of uncertainty, enhanced b y tbe threatening aspectof foreign politics, which makes the establishment of aaefficient military system a question of life and death forPrussia, Conferences are being held almost daily betweenOcnHnved Complication of European PoUtix—PopularVoice ef Italy for AnmexjUinn to Piedmont,—Rumored Re- Of a mere formal written communication in EagUeh, whichBarracks a n d large100— » 100 the preettoabiliry of the plan: bat the elements have to be moral if French Troop* from Italy—Unconditional WU must first be translated in the Foreign OHloe to which it toa 10S89conquered before that can be done I hope and trust he will be successful in the great undertaking.Ungnas <f Victor Emanuel to the Annexation of Savoy to addressed, and then subjected to the tardy and generally unfavorable process of adverse rrply from the other side. France—PnbabitUiet of Another Ilali.n War—The Time Our Foreign Ministers also ought to be m en qua!,-doJ b y when it <nUCommence—IU Probable ResnUt—Tyranny in education, manners and habits or sooiety to occupy worthily a dignified and influential position in the social* inaruetos atnre than toe twenty filth part ef tbe dottes charged «rcujating for universal signature ths following memorial. before tits aew decree.I'AtMi, UlHihlt—.'iveniau —lha UeQaiUve result for th • nro, tcee o' F^rma ia ii.',6', tor annenUuia, aad 163 for a sepa- rate kingdomtbe Ministers and the tenders of the liberal party, on the antstoshowthaithegoodunderstanding>c:veeatheillness,thatclungtomewiththetenacityofaJ..m>afort'abinftbaltakenontbeSavoy<jMentionHewaslistei-thattbeoond#ofmanufaeturelaran-iilessprejudicial10iheareopenatstlhoursoftbedsy,undoubtedly.Pro-resultofwhichitwilldependwhethertbegovernmentIhiiinniaa governneat and the Cabinet or the fu'ler'-s srifl net be troubled.i, says toe Omrrier dt Pant, that themore than two years, any one who has ever lelt the eflccto of malaria In hia system will know the horrors of what Dr. JamesJoonson so justly terms tbe " foul tiend." I bad had no warning voice before I went there; wo Uicd to wrh great attention, the silence only b.ing broken by the occasional "hear," "bear," from iho administra- tion side.When he had finished, some member of tne opooaition made a few remarks, attacking the doctrine ot too ri^ht of popular sovereignty, and of the p ople to decide opja tbfir form of governmtm, so malntaiced by the Eu^lusUbe».tb of those employed than tbat which ia adopted in Sar- dinia, v bere tto much sulphuris acid la used.Tbe Salut Public, or Lyons, states that the treoAy oT commerce with England ta already, or that jity, a fid occismpli. Severalcase1ofLyonasikgoodswhichnaI been Ij ing at ihe Oistom House in Lon-ioa had the bar- riers tslsed a week ago, and weie admitted on the terms efthenewtan;*,tbeLyonshouseshavingreoeivsdatricegrammes of religious observances cover the church walls Priests hurry to and fro, and there to a semblance of life in spiritual matters, out the whole, I tear, is a mere phantom,awillo'thewisp, thathasnosubstantiality, no true heat nor light; and beyond tne priests themselves andatewmiecellAneousindividuals,whomakeuseofthescheme will b e rejected altogether, or whether it will be accepted by the House with more or less important modi- fications.The subject of German untty, which had been rather neglected of late under the pressure of graver intere&u,hasforty eight hours was prostrated with a most tuirnvtn* proceeded to explain and oefen 1 toe course wnica thoto u e county of Vice, to decide> of those provinces la the French em- that I had. Naples and vicinity, w»h the dauber up V'esavins, an* the rambles on tbe sea shore at Casviliem tre gare, will take olace on the U t i inst. and Salem. > and through Pompeii and Hersuluduro, are The"SeniciaBoy,''whobaaforsometimepastbeenia dtnghtfnlpiscesfortbetraveller;outwotothose<raJareCabinrtinthecaseofCentralfvaly, aulputta^q-i.^uoatratotog at Harnhaas, near Salisbury, baa jurt left that enervated by an Italian cliaiw, ausceptible to m v dirt-ct to Lord Palmeistoc. why t*ie s;im* doctrine was of the loot. The Fogiutb are well aware of the inj'iry iu holy temples aa warming bouses during a third edition of been recalled to public attention by tbe arrival in Beriin eftonous and mtasmatlc nnl4ecce, and get a t m : h fliccd on business by delay, and the very day after t i e asses tor Ota purpose of proaecuUng nto preparatioaa hi of the "foul fiend" in the crty ot paUces. unter cot good as applied to the Ionian Islands? Tas, of course, House of Commons bad admittel the reduction of dulyiretired loealtty. the shadow of Virgil's tomb. One thoraant d» i&rs diew down a "hear" from ^ e opposition, and I'a'mer ih •rr.fasuie was carried into execution.D. a»U, 8s« * On. report aa follows:— could I have cheaply given to have koown wtiat 1now aton lose to reply. For a man over seveutv, he is cer- The flirt journal ever published ia Morocco has just ap-M. de Benntogten, tbe President of tbe NationJ Union, in the winter from which we are now Buttering, there are fe w hencr of whom s good dinner waa given on Suoday atwhose habits in this great city are changed by tfsVt season Arnim's Hotel. About five hundred persons attended, in-of I.<nt which precedes the Aft Coreate. After the per* luding a number of Deputies and some of tbe mos emi- rentsavants and political notabilities of this city; DU:HWASmitted three days have been fairly devoted to fleshly emarked that none of the Ministers were present. t>nd lusts, a somewhat soberer temperament to assumed by hat tome leading members of the liberal party—'ora few, who begin to think that if they are to take any nstsnee M- de Vincke, whom speech in lavoroT Italy produced s o general a n impreesio..— notice at all of their church's ordinance itto about time to were wanting. Among the post-prandtal aran<»osbegin. Tbe religious spirit to, however, very faint the meat effective w a s tbat of D r . Veil, ell-ados In the capital, and not strong in any part of France. One to tbe deceased Arndt, who, after spending a toe of r10.-;vknow,without having purchased ooy knuwteige at so aear tainly finely preserved, and in hia dress, wn<ca wai scru the past week the market for American securi- a rate. Kart-y, I fear, will »><cou*lderably older thanhe pmousiy neat, and his general bearing, nrolmtaiilypeared. It a printed at retuan, in too Spanish UDguage, add ia attributed gratuitously. It boars tha nana of the £cAo cf Tetuan, and has been got op with Ihe snppott of the Duke of Toluaa, General Garcia,nd lx>n Carlos Navarro, director or the moveable printing office attached to the army, who has lenthis type for the purpose. It gives a favorable acooant of the mode of living at Tetuan The Moore, who are natu- rally generoua, give up their rooms and farnittre t o t h e Spaniards,treatingthemaavlaiteraandallies. Thstovn to very animated, and will, It ia expected, soon bscone a placeofsomeimwunce.Will you allow me to terminate m y letter b y speaking •f a subject that interests ail Americana: I mean the no- mtnttiocs made b y o u r Presidents of ministers a n l charges to the different courts of Europe, and in fa t i f the civilized world. Many or your readers will, I a m sure, agree, when they have read what follows, that my con- cus ons are just, and that too much attention canno. bo paid to so Important a matter.There is no doubt about it mat it is simply absurd to tend Americans to foreign courts w h o a r e unable to ep-.>ak either the language of the country, or else, at least, the universal language of diplomacy—French Diplomacy is much more a business of social intercourse than of formal official notes. Negotiation, to be effective, must be oral be- fore it assumes tbe written form. The way Is to b e felt, vie as and prejudices are to be ascertained, the persua- sun of skilful address and the influence of con versational discussion are to be brought to b a r , and many an Important object can thus be smoothly and promptly obtained, when long delay, aid very often failure, will be the sure resulte—tiaasd saaotive, and the transactions in both and raiiroaX beads have not been to an ex-tta eflbet prtoea, which reman without change —at before he is strong enough to tarn* any more r.o.• t ••* Poor Jellien, tbe magnificent maestro, is in a mat housebrought op to my mind's eye iHofcena' "tloiei of I>*oirt- meni" Lord Palmerston is portlv, ant Oorii. with a bead nearly smooth, and gtvos but little sign of ag^ when• •'»,»S«8*. ^ i * 7 *as, bonds•ra, 196S-I2, sendaIi t , bands... (••a,11%UntonBankboada... •faVtone*seen*»T a 99" X * 9*X 7« a 77 SO a 92._°*K» »8 l M a 103to Parir—his mind quite broken down by his tro ibles, bis speaking,#xoept a slight toUer.ng, or shaking of too legs. Inbcra and anxieties. A subscription at Coutt's biak has bis voice is firm and pleating, aud his manottr mu .h more been opened lor him and his family. agreeable than that of Lord John's. He coru neanej byThe racket OommiUee, in the House of Commons, are putting down with a very plain answer the opposition having Kttinga regularly; and as thev have no oofect member who had attempted to badger him aoout the either in throwing oanm on Lord Derby's gorernm>nt, Ionian ialanda, by simply staling that the parallel did notwonders sometimes w b y . with their contempt for their priesthood, their pitiful commiseration for the poor Pope, their complaints about the shurch's oppressive ordinances, Frenchmen remain attached to the Roman Catholic forms of worship at all; and but for what •bar conceive to be the puritanic observances of Protostantisa, which would embarrass their present social habits, there is no doubt a great receding from the ancient faith would take place.Preparations are making at Turin to celebrate the an-nexation event with extraoidiaary pomp. The membersof tbe provisional government will go to Turin to presentyears in laboring for the cause of German an t/, h*z died without baring attained the object of hn pat** na-.e longings,andexpressingsot onlyahope,butafirmcm- vi;tion. that their atetii.g'iisbed guest would be more ;or- tuaate in hia endeavors. Count B ncingaenti ason of too famous Rosstan* general of that name whoc'•msu.io..-: against Nsp lecn at Eylao aad Friedland; ne * » i formerly Prime binister of Hanover, but re-.r*J after the accession of the present king, muo npset tbe liberal conatltu'ion granted by hto predict = v . and entered upon a couree of reactionary violence w u . ;b has made hia government a b> word in Europe U de Becningsen ia by no means of radical opinions; in fact, be might rather be called a liberal aristocrat, althoagh the perstcuton he has had to Buffer from the Hanoverian a tcannon,buttaysthearticleswere executedtoorderby cf Central Italy on the Annexation QxeUion—Ihe First fluence can be brought to bear by a dt and private founcera. There to no truth, either, in whatNtwspaj.cr Published in Morocco-Qualifications tfeca- tary for United States Minutert and Charge/, 4c.The aspect of political afuirs has not changed for theable representative upon the policy and views of the go was said about tbe withdrawal of tha French troops from•ernment. These are the leaders of opinion in the press, Lombardy. The fact to, the instant auch withdrawal wtnJerfulbow tbey can manage to axstt upon them—ifbetter since my last totter. On tbe contrary, all Is for theworse. In Italy tbe elections for annexation have takenplace, and an immense majority haa pronounced in favorof extending over all the duchies the power of King Victor formation of coming events. For this purpose theyTbe Pope, it ia said, is determined that the ceremonyof kingly excommunication shall be performed at St.Peter'* tor tbe benefit cf Victor Emanuel; the church toto be bong with black, the flgnre of the Redeemer on the rial, which be has tofin 1 bimseit,for preparing the yarn, crass covered with a veil, and yellow wax tapers will be winding, A c , so that he only nctta t*enw n tie successively lighted and extinguished, white ail the monaatic orders go to tbe cathedral aad return to their mo-nasteries chanting the Miserere.a/ tha Opera ef "LmrUne"-. atop the fight, and only this morning some one, over the Savoy and Nice. Hence there Is no need of the presenceof *" Majatgt Thmtrt-IUnm of Rarey, signature ot "Qericus," Inquires of one of the journals of the French troops in these provinces. But at the pre- ter of Foreign Affairs (walosrskl} who spoke Eegliah asbefore tbey make a martyr of auch a man as the Bishop of Orleans.army, nearly naif the number of recruits were rejected as unfit for servtoe. Tbe only mystery to tbat peupte shook! continue working at auch an profits >le trades, aad do not turn their bands to soma more remunerative etn-waVA wasturner—Pcttiferout Character</A'apfci—afar- whetherittotobepermittedtocomeofi,towhichtheeditor sent therecertainlytoanintentionofsendingthemthere.t Amirananflwasflm i»thai Citt-M'jjOim in naivelyrepiieathat"hedon'tknow." A memberInthe Austria,aidingRome,willmoatundoubtedlyagaincom- Twellas he did. ButRtill,his socialpositionwas,politi-callyspeaking,null. Heoould notapeak French,andWhen one considers that Savoy had for centuries beenIndependentofFrancetill1792,thatltthenonlyremained Sloymeat,ifItwereonlysweepingthecrossingsorbreak- at nixed to it roue t a o or three and twenty years, and i g ttoccs en lha road.has since returned to its normal state for forty-five, the ' A dngracefU act of robbery and vandalism combinedta tbe legislative bodlea and the saloons of the higher category of Influence, and cur ministers ought to bo qua- lified to cultivate relations with these classes of miuds, whose real effective influence is scarcely inferior to that of the official employes. A n d , again, it ta important tbat our representatives should have early and anticipated in-took place, a collision would occur between the Italian volunteers and the Austrian troops collected beyondthe Mtecio, and the war be renewed forthwith.auch a riate can really be called existence. For weaving a piece of cotton ckuh, 213 elto, or 182 yards in length, the wages alio wed are one lhaier and flit sen silver gro- sLent, or one dollar twelve aad a half cents Amsnei& money; this it takes the weaver two weeks to compln,-, working not only all day, but part of tha Bight, bosl >es which be has an eat ay 01 sixteen greyhens for the mateha necessarily bad next to no Intercourse with Freacs ao-fsn» aVaftal Hani Pocket *ntee—The Gxlwig House of Commons proposed, a tow nights since, that mence a war that proved as disastrous to her last year. ctoty, and very little with the diplomatic society o* l'arto language of tbe French journals, when talking light of its . was perpetrated lately at Leipsic by a professor or the-CatattolijwrtoadaasnswiaaVdsaartosntUs- somethingshouldbsdoneaboutit,butonlygotlaughedat ShewilltakecouragetromtberemovaloftheFrench WhentbeCongressof1856washeldInthiscity,anawhen ancientmother,baaatouchoftbeludicrous. The.University,Dr.Ltodner,a manSf osKiierablu troops, and begin her attack aa soon aa they are out of tbe great European nations undertook to remodel the words of Gregoire, too, addressed to tho Na- scientific attainments, and one of the moat shin ng »<gbfc*$—3r**b*ek$ to JbawsSaajs,ate,ale Itbaabeensuggestedthat the directors of the Eastern principle* of International maritime law, Judg-.Meson tional Convention at the late of theformer annexa- j tathereligiousworldof Germany. Coder pretence uf 'withagentlemaawhohas CountiesRailwayshouldstoptheirtrainsoathedayofthe Italy.ButshewillbecountingwithoutNapoleonIH. couldneithermakethejustandproperinflienceof Uon,areactuallyresuscitatedbytbePatrte- "Simi- beingengagedtowritngahistoryoftheearlyChristieIhavejainfitnJli «i«^y.«*d*particularlyattbeCourtof fortheaccommodationofthebelligerentsandtbethou• ofthatmenacedcountry,andatamoment'snoticethe doneandover. YetthiawasnottheJudge'sfault lovetortheFreach—everything,inabort,favorsthe withoutbeisgattendedbyalibrarian,andtooktbeop-1inthe worldfor kaoamlngthetrue fight,oratleastnottograntthe useofanyspecial trains Htotroops,althoughoutofItaly,willbeonthethreshold Americaon su&ban occasion feltby lbs Congress,nor latliy of manners andlanguage, habitual intercourse, ' Church,nehadoblstoarlparsajaaiootofrequentthe m* was he in a position to know anything about it 111 alt was the hatred of the Savoyards for the Piedmuotese, their \ eificent libraries of the TJniverr.ity and these of the city,Ijgia an totiaanto terms with eminent persons sands who will attend tne fight In one of the papers victor of Magenta and Solferlno will again confront tbe though it was hto and our country's misfortune. What union of the Savoyards with a people of the same family portunity of appropriating some of the moat vt'usVe , F was done at the (bedrest was thia: They adopted a'lour as themselves The attempt to jom Piedmont and Savoy works, wmstotlogr^rtyof edatOBajarsiwapw, tad party ,and baa tost *Peat aasae months in firm, Milan somebody proposes that, aa lt will certainly come off, it white coated Croats and Germans whom they have taught has proved futile; tbe AI/S unceasingly throw ths of illustrated maautcripta belonging to ths aarlteat *r* °rBe re, •*—**«*• Esnnarnr Napoisoa aad Vle- be placed under the protection of the police, and be per- .0 entertain a wholesome dread of their furious onslaught. own old time-honored principles respecting the rights of latter into the domains ef Fraace, and the order of nature art, He would frequently tear or cat out part tba neutral flag aad of neutral property at sea aad ro-certaji 'r understand one another, aud that mitted to take place In the circus in Lsicestor square. Austria will, I dare predict, find no Viflafranea this time spcct'ng blockades, a nd tbey invited all other nations to would be disturbed if they were not both under the name or tbe whole of the content), replacing them withtbalatediplomaticcat•»•*¥«*•»•"•wanniltoraaaaaaad Of 00ar**i»n"> &asspeari tothetM thatoffhapmadeamelancholyrepresentationtotheSessions, to the efiect that during tbe past five years tha countythewar.little excitement. Even the boys to tho streets of London a ? ! ! ? U ^ * > > B " "liaiilV around, idoootbe- have caught the spirit of It and atog:—tance, and although tbe forcea of Hto Holiness, aided b ythoseofAubtrla,may succeedinwuahlngthe effortsoftbe RomsEEas, scenea of violence and bloodshed will be should submit to give up our gxstaai of "naval volunteer-horn,thwynvaatbeaanetedw.<bhim(Napahx«>ifbespecialandpeculiarprlnsipkMofmaritimelawinletswedoneInanytimebefore?etc.,etc.,etcPutting aside entirely the poiicy of the qaostioo, It must Unrfsrmly, and would oaly be estimated at tbeT retl1 0 b 9 wmimth urnawesw- !!^* ^**"«-' _**»ewtow, anwe, ttilstoBen—andh*Auatriu. He has written to hto few adherento that ereof Europefor a system of uniform conventions Intended u establish tha first three of the principles in question;aidwere to be restored 10 Fiance. Ihe events of 1859 really etopped the French subvention, which w«ato ansahaving pasted over the printed pages of a bans',acme ofthe leaves or which be had torn or cut out, a Haw waa M-'i•ne-wKh around enough to **»V*mm,w^!!I*!** IdtorsaremorethanamatchfortheAiatruastathetteu.to the pobtieai •of Ititiy aad France that we need a t b? sirSayersathisatNewmarket,and bothhighestrankarebeingcitherimprisonedoraeatoutoftheIgratsof1869,anditwaaKng.andtkatcausedtheactl Tbenewvolume,theseventeenth,ofH.Tbier'oHis-swofsJk ia* baaka of the Rhine.^ ^ oepafetiou is aommg e*vW n X f E * . ' * *beaocayf«•Jlopnog,tobetr?*mwabanbrle«dJ!^"*' 8"quits a large **» cviuM^I/steao cf invading tbe country, bat that England iaaaoedVt^nWase AMntuit«thebatetLagn IBf|rn», MoTbe Sheriff of tha county where it ia supposed it will oome and sbe will aa certainly lose Venetta aa that she begins' unite In tbe same a'eclaratioua; but they coupled with government.'' Doubtless the resuscitated eloquence of blank leaves; of tome ba sot off tne top and hotumthemafourthprtoelototowhichwecould neverin tl CregoirowillnotbetostoaPrussiaaudBelgium. covers,andthenrestoredtbebooktotheshelveswi.nthatwayaccede—thatoftbeabolitionofprivateer- AstoSwitzerlandbeingtreatedtaChabattsandFau- tbebackuninjured. Forthopurposeofaasaasaaag* ing. Tbey went farther, and undertook to bind not only eigi.y,such a thing waa never bwtrdef. and the impudence bsadsatas vignette sr picture be often matitored ac eat-.• themselves, bnt »Jeo aU inItaeqaeaUr adhering Powers to ot Helvetia to duly snathemaitzed. Tbe French frontier, wotk by tearing out several leaves, or pasting some la- boldtweefourprinciplesas"indivisible:"thatlatosay, aaItto,towithintwoennnoaashotofGeneva,ifittoda- Slbertoconcealtbedeficteney;beevenalteredtooates in tbe indexes so aa to make the number of pegee Napaiaon »*'»f «bewn On Austria account of prize tighto, and hopes something wll be done Tbe people are prepared for a moat desperate retto- not to agree to apply the vbrae first to any Poser which aired to do it violence. 8ince 1816 this has bean the case, agree when tavmtigated On beiag detected bs excitedKtog Vka, * wannat aanasaar ImpoaM-fhat aiairn f» IbMy mast tote, their baabeenputtotheenormousexpenseof£21ic<j.fid.oa attackupontheRomagnaa.that* .be baa dona all vc can for to prevent this one coming off. 80 you see it ia creating noshould not also accede to tit* tost; in other words, not to give and Oncvais unscathed; wby, thenJshould the posses- himself b y Baying that tbe works of art, eagravinga. M d—d Yankees across the water the bonelt ot our own sion of Savoy tempt France to do that which it oould have pelootjpkAl specimens, d c , were aet valued at UM*.however,haeoflssred aatbeijayofthe 1 if Napoisoa offers to ap <louIntend reasatotoCi ta b1Janata** —•» now in Lon-Ta > I •1 tens, and renders it atili more iaev .Iteab'e bow • aa»t i it.m to cross tbe Bains, hW secret resiia bring of bis atandisg ccJld be gw«ty of such m - u ra«e*'-«y• to wictt Antwerp from tbe Enptre, Is tbe second It can tely be accounted for byascribing Mata moanThe Pope will not Improve hia position by hto intendeding" in Um> of war, by whic\Ttolone we could pot our neceeittated such as will forever cling to the alreadyaal- commerce en a footing Of equa I chance wi h that or Eng-be contested the arguments of the Frencu press are of a worth tf Tendered ava lab:e to connoisseurs and to toeaave tha French Kutcerer te j , , , . a, k t V W o f g^^m Italiaas,Austria,ortheabveady;theFran> ^some nobleman badto let them hsre his park to fightpart of tito Alp«, invincible en tba southaaaH Z>T^ I K ." Everybody who hat bet on it (and almost every- tlme-a few days-but lt will be to lose lt>gaJn, and with vetoing all these proooaato avtoaa we should submit to there was to exouta lor exacting tne bond; bat now that viAt"— ("Sin not; God tees It-j One of tba rarest WJTISM boa"****•*will)willofcoarsefeel interestedInaliow- nochanceofultimaterecovery. thsabandonmentofprivateering Now,wehadt.-lauds inconsequenceoftbewar,andwithoutfurther proseca- intheUniversityLibrary,the"SpeculumVirgiouoi."an Cbarbeurg LoniaNapolean haaprevMcnawtaeirai. «»« in Ibat Congress. Russia was cordially friendly to us. tkm ot it, sll sorts of goods things are tumbling into \ i c wnature to rate very low indeed tba capacity of its readers. public It general. It appears, by hto owp ceojeseioo. lUdrobeiofStintPeter'stnocpesor. Th8DakeofTus- land- Thiswaaaninsultingotttrageaimedatusthrough AcleanbreastwillbemadeofItsomeday—how,before thatbsna*engagedtothesenefariousoperationsforao casyhaa,itseems,imbibedrenewedhopesfromthemag- ths English Influence in that Congress, and it the marrisge of Prince Napoleon andthedaxghterof tornthanninemontha, during wbtoh periol as vtafced was the more marked Ibeueuse we hal at VictorErosnuelcouldbeseriouslyentertained,\atFrench thelibraryonehundredandtwtntytimes,andeam<aiu>*4 thereto no doubt that the fight Will take place. A gentle- nitude of tbe present preparations made by Rome and that,very time prepoaals pending before lh«> otber Powers sid afioroed in the Italian rpecutation, Savoy aad Nloe tve hundred dtoticct robberies. By a oartongratoni tease,I bet my money upon Tom Sayers—man remarked to me yesterday that it would be so "ifratblowedIfI'dbe;ontba"Boy" Despitealltbeeffortswhichwill bamadetopreventIt,long heahould recover hiathrone, ne may for a shortwhich be would unooubtedly have eattreyed if notci. ths action of the Congress was mmply to tits eTeot of pleto the alliteration of tbe Alpa and tin Adriatic; and to and which contained tba words, "ATeta pesos'*. Oma*totoostrongrbrtiieprieelaaadbishop,|nowneo-tag*«oproceed. InNaplesaffairsarebecomingmoreaadmorecritical!FranceandPrussiawerenotunfriendly;nor,probably,Emanuel'shands,thepactadefamiUetonaturallycarriedancientmanuscriptto144assetsofparcimett,wtnal h-lifjinr.andflatPope,allcotubhied,andthaiFreachast- verybardatntotraininggroundatNumerous trresta are taking place, and persons of the ITurkey. This waa England'a aet atone. France was toe ont. authorofallthatwaagoodiathatdeclarationoftheCon-number of drawings, he abstracted for the sake of the pictures,andthensoldtbeparchmentbyweighttoabo* binder,aftererasingthePolverattyStamp,a*beaid(ryncountry in themost tyrannical manner. Thefollow. ' privateeringclausetobeputm.andthe3tbefurtheraad toryoftbe Empire,whichtonowintoepre•,coasttaof otherbeetr. ThismanuacriptwassovanminoJSthitbn t ——g tote splendid condition. The general tog persons are among these arrested on the i highly oBbntlve indivisibility clause which was ad after Bine hundred pages It begins by describing tne dis 'r- could set carry it off at once, but had t> leave toe o o i to « t h e tide of the champion, aul 1st of March by tbe police, and either kept la prisja thought ot Lord Clarendon's, broogh.' forward at a tub**. gsnizaticB of the French army when it arrived on the tag and take it away piecemeal. The proiaedio.M ^.isatwiH be annaxad tavwr. tbatwa'aoaa^thtogofaluilintheof a lu'l aa tba batting now. asAusirispro 11 "~'aarriva1lhas*wnoff,but !t wuTenma*** ^Sato^L.aajtr*""* * *Vaccs, the brothers Ftlippl, S,m»oe, a lawyer or aisu'uc U»; ha was scot to Rome. IHrq.ih VuWo.ayouos- gentemanofAMtune,hahasbeencalledouaocountofhisintimaoy wHh the mcmbeiaof the Avroiolaa ingatun AUjqnlsMotK'TCWto.etlfcd; Herzaoapt*. broiwro t'i> Mar- 'qua 'litaliens (of which tha first and fundamental is tha Napoleon not having concluded peace aft «r the vi t»ries UBced to Fix years in tbe pen teniiary, berifes baring FretrLlanguage)which1haveaboveadvertedtoasIn-ofLutsenandBautsenItthengoesontoabowtauthete>refundthevalueofthebook*andmttuectvtsi>•'- •iiapt11ableInorder10pUmhtmtohisproperpositionof AUkf—Russian andGerman—not knowing thes'ateof •t>at*d TheDeewas paidatonce,whichshevsA m»*ittiorr.te and iisefalneas, ibis COJSI never have benpaued. thii »,e ia France, wished to some to an arracrcment in- 1ct trie want of money that induced lata to cimsii n wo" l a s bean, four to five to htasince or sent ont of the country. The Prince of Torella at i quest day. If we bad had at Parte a Mto.'ater possestiag tbe rime,and the dUtat.iafaction occasioned ta KM1 -u bv him extended over several days, and be a » e*a-q»ie,atopc*lk>#;IW«i«P/^,^Untitled Documentetner Ca%s, to 1842, piewa France to the quintuple tre*-Ayernment have tostexptadrd a hundred taonsaad dollars as poiitibw H *•* *** M mk*7 •, *n *t a r M W«"tod to repairs fwhtoh sum to found tostitsfltont to somptots them),givesHaboos*warmingtonight LsrlCoa*yport a struggle in the event of one occurring.have been converted into military hospitals,supplies of ammunition and military stores collected.* The Om\tituticmntl observes that a French entrenched campIstobeformedat Cremona inaddition to tbat of Pavto, and tbat 7,000 men will go to Tortona. The Military Intendance at Milan haa given orders far an enormous quantity or biscuit, Ac.; Genoa artillery and ammunitionserious character, namely, for defamation towards anagent of public authority,to also retarded from the samecause. Imprisonment tor eighteen months, with a flue o f3.CC0fiancn,might bevisiteduponM.Dupanknipforthisoffence. The government will, however, think seriously when the young men were called upon to serve in me Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 