 HmiI j:Stf .Jmodest Giant eff Illinois again threw the apple of dis- Yet—yet-therearethosewhoaxesoblindtothemar-cordintothearenaoftheSenate,andth«nbegan itaried tentisoent of a ration, so deaf to the pulsations again the strife that now agitates the land. Gentle- ef a nation's heart, that they cry aloud in voices of men,itistimetp'pa'xeeandinquirewhetherindeedthe «ingkd hope and warning that a united front of •conflict between Slavery and Freedom is in fact anS & r k Son,Builders Na10M:19th street JoWW-^ircb, Archit*ot, NOB 54 and 56Jfixoban«e Place. David MoMaster, BrownStone, foot West 32d.street, N. stiver. James McMa«t*r, Bhie.Stone. No; 447 West 25th-st. BoTM8WWBuilder,No.1*5Went27th-at.A bouncing plank was secured to the lively bow ofbecan(andwill)takemone.yonelectiondayandbuyallthe theboat,andwewalkedorboundedsafelyuponthe ceased,withsomeof>hecrew,wentonasweeandHtheothernumberoftheBoard.Weareconlidentthat theselection ofWilliamR.$1 10;White.$114^$115 Wm^sv steadyatW^c-Jf*°T vihtoN'K—NoiUhSgd'hif. HoesIngooddemandat/-**?87J«;$7 on the spoti wid ^ 0 7 5 for ftiture delivery. MON*Y M.V»»i do»s he ask for It? i s it because having openly, defiantly, and a bundled. He made a last appeal-saying a short time have not heard of any lives being loet, or any personal KKT easy. Si<«HT EXVUANCIB ou New-York dull at i ^ ceat pre-*ti'»r: . .personally to the reward of $100 offered b y his Honor th<) Mayor flat oblong pieces of cork cased in canvas, forming a no derangement to the business of the road will occur and Sophia Moore, aged 18 years, 5 months and 13 deys-Tf 1* If* It JKENT!jlCLOSING 3&AIAHT.WIXLIAMS,esq.,ofthisCityclosedThatinstrumenthaslongbeenatonedtothosethreats,sometimes in the voice of 'the thunders careeriog Alexander Sbuler, Blue Stone; cor.: Baok tmi tVe**.Btre«te. _, r*nd«-ptit of our factories and workshops. Thin d^clwation he ckimneyltss boat beaded for thAt-port-JFeached it in age WMfound fio«tbg In the do* at the foot c T n ^, ^rom ti e S. uth, and with tongues of fire assail the flag •*f the Usdepyitisffethat now w e should evoke the majestic »bad«« of the great Webrter from his mauso-front of the President's house, in Fifty-Sffch street, BAY. near the First avenue, in the Nineteenth Ward, in or-lecture V . l>«tur<* V'l. t Tick«;t« for t ••%W admisaiot i »/© Broadway c oal.yaluxit>.<ao i t h e C i t y al of iim So<:i^t-- fcrcadvrsy, 1PA *unset.„ _ . - . _ _ _ A MASS -,V Kat >'THE PI Piwibc Ocea-v. IUKIUtah.>:.i1A TH1 1 Ei-GoV. <if Owhat might 'de hiddenjLo. the dark xecess behind. I have not orjoQy weighed the chances of preservingtional right to exercise our judgments and obey our consciences; and, if summoned to give it up,' we'lltrict; Frederick A. Conkling of the Vlth Congressional District, and John Commerford of the IVth Congres-ning thence to Long Branch and intermediate places. Easterly windshad prevailed with increasing He-badly wounded. James Ryan, next editor, was kiBedshouldb<>mainlybentoncoo&ideringnothowthe-eiderentetoKeyport.peril were entertained by the passengers—about lifty innumb«r,Jncludingadozenormoreladies,andsome children. r.vy>\t!WuifL«-d »rc-ik >o charge .•»»trjn.c* at~*ornJattAn.» hig.oi the &M1 O F N E W - y o i plac«a*,the£s. NEXT, 0 » M i posed»;:>•;Ai"V by th»; Hooi^l nece#ssryq»orcjtlr. d e i o At q&M'.aLyceuit*il 01 «iovi (tOUlci ' *** :I kacyf the>*•,.d' n'ri-rtn n<. ml h«*a.:tji <u-- <ir c n t a i n t - t b - 3 thatcber.ii.-. m trom other li--A1 ter gu*rt-..tr *, riiODfy 6{ ' • Vr V mitttooi, So < T-Painiinthe I Oajtnp*, Cl>. <U Price Wcei.;00O<JuCOoO Addr OOOOOOO^. MUR.C.MOHJOJ' CHEAPPEAL.ddafened by those Bounds.. Sometimes the breeze ha*/ westernhillaourmothercountrywinhavegivenbirth beenlulledsothatwescarcehearditswhispersinthewith ,ome sharp instrument. HislowerHpbadatZ andnoprinciplebuthimself. HehaspaidtoJOHNC.MATHKH, wharf,reachedtbemainland,,rousedafarmer,har- bittenout,andbisfacewascoveredwithgoretoherfourteenthPresidentintheelectionofAbiaham Xanaoinyor—butI feartolookatthealternative!' Tieeitnoaltomadve—-therecanbeno.alternative— AbrahamLincolnisal-eadyinthenation's heartborn to the seat of the iOnstrions Washington.tree tops, and again we have seen the tempest gather black *ith the wrath of slaveholding arrogance. I n 1850we.compromised again—andthat wasfora"jincdity " But before four years had elapsed theTAflAnde*Ltoe-fnotRo8t2fiihstre«tW V BA^noidTBoildiyg Materials, foot 53d street,'K. Kiver..anotherI)cnocrnticondidate,alargesumofmoneytoabandon the Hold on the eve of theeVction, and so betray his friend* and irr»,med'ably.degradehimself. • . .".By this (infamous purchase, Mr. Benjtmin Wood hypes to force matywhohavenoconfilenoeinhimtocasttheirballotsin bisfavor,andsosecurehiselevationtotheposthecovets. Lis- ten further, honest citizens. Wood, has freely and pabMcly de- clared that he wxix SPBND $50,000 tonsure his deshres, and thatnessedbisteam,andwentinpursuit'ofalocomotive. AtBedBank,sbcmilesdistant,astrayonewasfound, engineerswerofalo fourd She was fired uo, and in thescaceoffourhoursfrcjnthedepartureofTaylor came thundering down tq our relief -.TbeSergeantforth*i*enteredintoanLvestJg*4» oftbematter andWnedthatthenam.ofthT2 ceased was MannusFarrSn, and that for some tin* pasthehadbeenengageda*d.<*.bandonboardofZ etesmbcat Jonas C Heartt On Saturday lait the de-Fnswn Meters are formed into line behind the bulwark efttte Constitution for the protection and preservation of the Union* over whoee banners victory even now is hovering,andwillperchto-mojrow; andtheywarnus £ • beware how, wito parricidal hand, w e strike down thai arm raised, not for any one party (they tell us), tatforalloariies,saveourown~-taeybiduabewar©" irrepressible cor-jlict ?" If so, let ns meet the ques- tion now. W e neyer shall be better prepared for it. He is a coward at least who would hand overto.hie children an enemy which he himself would shrink to encounter. Wbat ia to come w to come. I f you postpone.the treatment, you, instead of healing, bui exatperate the irremediable wound. W e know w e—at the snail's pace wifely prescribed by law npon tho bridge.' Atlengthwereachtbemainland. Wehalt; we don't start pretty soon; the stray engine has "gin' ". eout." A pin is loose—a rod is bent in consequence. But at 7 o'clock tbe qniet of a bean'iful Sabbath morn-Hisfrkniitaw westrikedownthearmraisedtoiave*ourcoun-haveaclearandconstitutionalrighttovoteforwhom try. - Thataome loviog, patriotic hearts among us may| we please. W e know that this choice Kea at. theThomasMcDowall,Contractor,No.,836EastH3th-st;Petor J. Bogert, Builder, N o . 133 McDoagal-st.Henry H. Keeler, BuildlnR Materials, No.74East 31str«t . • Wm. D Baker, Coal, No. 210 East 15tb-*toftheHidCongressionalDistrictsell,Icr"amesaofnotta<je." the deweft right of independence thatafreemin.canexerci'-e?Forbid it, truth! Fqrbid it, justice! Forbid it, deceucy!Letyourballotacrushtheawfuleffort,here exposed,toconvertthe polls into shambles for the sale of tbe dearest privileges oftbenative and"adopted citizen. Letyoursuffrages,onthe6th,exhibityouradmiration(fthespiritwhichauimat^dthesignersof »he r)eclarktion>of Xudepei'dihce, and gave all ofym th*freedomaimprosperityyou enjoy,andwhichareno<*rtheenvy theeunderstand. .••'••ot pause before this CODjaration and this threap ia morethan we can say or even hope. Inthisalone eoneists our danger, if danger there be. I am not without sympathy with, men who deemallpolitical considerations a s droes before this one absorbing senti- ment, of love of the integrity and union of ibisvgr.eal nation. I can. say in the language of the •gjeat"Webster—anditisfitthatnow,wh&threats -ef disunion have come up, like a nrgbty,jruahmg wind,broken asu odef. I h*ve not accustomed myself tohaogover'cheprecipiceofdi<union,toseewhether,withmy shortsight,Icanfathomthedepthoftheftb)8*V»kw; norcouMI regardbinasasafecoun-selor in t> e affairs of this Government, whose thought!foundation of purwhole political and social system. If wegiveuptbiBright—^if,instead of votingaccord- ing to our own judgment and as onr own consciences dictate,wevote at thedictation ofothers,weareno longer free men, but slaves; If the Southern Stages desire to enslavetheAfrican*aee>webidthemdoit, for all usr'if they do it within their own dominions; but,whentheyseeksotoextendth&irdominationso as to enslave not the body only, but the Judgment and the conscience of, not the African race only, but ourE. 8.Vanghan,Asphaltnm,No.30Cedar-st A. G. Bogert, Builder, No.105 dank-st. G.W.Ford,Builder,No.58Horatio-st . JohnD;-Ottiwell,RoofeT,No.1893d-av. EdwardWood.No.33Pine-st.Peter Shand Mason, No. 169 West 18th-st. And many others.j»:;'• v.-.•>.PIRES:HhttoricB 1 "Wnroea.-"- Lectur*s irt .«DAY EVEM c^M^veMc.liii'-- »i«interd"dK thei>.nditio!: arwlherr«ia.';(th« p/dft^rt'.T^cture L Lrc'tur^ I I Lecture HI. Lec.uxe I \Hist and Union afterward;' b u t everywhere, spread alloverincharactersoflivinglight,blazingonallits ample folds, as they float over the saa and oyer the land, and in every wind under the whole heavens, thatWouldyondo agenerous action1' Doitforposter- *Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and insepa- ity ; preserve for you childrenthe.glorious inheritanceyou have received from your fathers. Participate in Such is now, to-night, at the closing scene of this the renown of the great Republic; the only Republic/momentouscanvass,wbichforexcitement,forthe/magnitude,andpracticalimportanceoftheprinciplesai ^wasting tide ofwar. Participate ia a glory "hot atake, has no parallel in the history of mankind—yea, fanned by conquest's crimson wing," but achieved- atWhy1 Iftheycontainedpotatoes,whyweretheysent tohisprivateoffice,wheretheywereopenedonSunday,intheverysanctumsanctorum of thatoffice,which is an interior room, beyond the reach of listen-presentjuncturoprudentlywithdrewfromtheattempt to run out. upon the wharf in readiness for the boat, lestthecarsshouldbeoverturnedOrthrown fromthe track by the great forcf of the wit)d. The attempt had been made some months ago by another boat to land in a storm less severe thsn the present, and had to be.othersentiment, dear to every trueAmericanheart,o'«Jock p. m., on Tuesday, (to-day.).*rable. "ers, arranged with listed doors, BOthat no secret of the abandoned, at j-reat peril in turning and working theinside conspirators should escape. Here, all day Son- boat ft om shore, Notwithstanding all this, it wasquired for the use of tr e workmen in putting up the new brdge. These offered some obstruction to the greatvolumeofwateranddrift-wood bornedo^nbysuch is now the united and unanimous sentiment of thethe ballot-box, in the peacefal exercise of the highest•Atalleventstheyseemeddisposedtoattemptajusti-tents of those two barrels of " potatoes" were cooked, fication of this confidence by deeds. And the Captainto be served hot this.morning, ia the shape of a lying showed his skill by holding a course in the very thickhandbill to injure Mr. Williamson. There, while- we8tcer that brought us near to the wharf, which wassuddenly discovered a short distancenorth of our roasting their " potatoes," the scheme alluded to yes- course, the boat being very near the shore.fearedthatapsrtOfthe superstructureoftheuncom- Christian and Hanagora Cook,age<i2 years.8monthsand&pleted bridge m'gbt be destroyed, and thus cause con- dajf.siderable interruption to the movement of trains upon CULBERT—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, Nov. 4, of consumptloa, the road. a/ter a long and severe illness, Wm. Culbert, aged 54 years.'Mr.Wilson,MasteroftheRoad,andhisEasternAs- DEARBORN—In West Northwood, N. H„ on Wednesdays sistant, Mr. Quin<*ey repaired to the soot With a large Sept. 12, of congestion of tbe brain, Nathaniel Dearborn, eeo..additionalforceoflaborers,and,bytheirextraordinary inthe80tbryearofbisage. efforts,gavesuchdiectionandeontroltothedriftwood EHNINGER—OnSaturday.Noy.3,atSalem,Til,oftyphoid"Republican party. Is this conservatism? Canthe privilegesofafreemanandaman.'Belland Everett men, or the Douglas men, or the Oor freedom, and privileges, and happiness haveJSJavexyinthewholeoftheNorth-WestTerritories. IntheUnion,youconqaer—withoutit,yondie'.Westervelt,jr.,aged21yearsand2months. Noy. 3, John L. Westervelt, aged 51 years.What would Jefferson have said to it, who, immediate- l y after the purchase of the Louisiana Territory, on heari»gthatsomepersonsreadinginthatTerritorywere engaged in the slave-trade, sent in a message to Con-gress calliiig attention to the fact, which resulted in theimmediate passage of a killprohibiting that trade withinIt thaH come from the North, it shah come from the South, casting votes which must defeat either honesty or dishonesty.RaleroftheUniverseforthetruthofitsself-evident suchastocommendhimtothefaithfulconsiderationofaxiom*. The time and mode of emancipation was left a public whose interests he hus so zealously labored to -to the convenience, the justice, and humanity of ths promote.tures to the resolutions and collect funds for a testi-monial to the oilicers. There was a general j?oodfeeling prevalent, but some quiet hints were thrownnotseemtohaveboonattoudedwithanyvers-unusual CMANI.MouN«».Yorkatl& centpremium.masters;butttabreakingoftheoppressor'schainwasoutthatj/rudinccwas f./tebetterpartofvalor-t&atOneof the Democraticcandidates lorthis position ertedbisiuJlnence, Irrespective of puroonal advantar*,infavor undertheperilstowhichtheyhadill-advisedlybroutht havereportedthatthegrandbankatDamNo.3isen-strument,and uponallwhomtheyrepresented,byob- 4igatioD8asindossolnbleasthatofthecommonUnion, y«bttitutedforthedissolvedanddiscardedallegianceto a sovereign beyond the seas."What would the whole array of the fathers have involve no sacrifice of feeling or honor whatever, but4aid toit,Franklin,Hamilton,orlatex Randolphand willreflectthehighestcredituponthecitizensofKew> m Lin noKewsparerof thiscityhisthe seamstress foundanadvo- anacouragebreastedthost-.rmandexecutedeveryor- nearthelinoof the Canafat its principal dams, no ClKClNNATi, Nov.5.—Fr.«>vK in better detaand; eslesl cacyso'inte.Ill:r*i:tandardentasinMr.Williamson'sDh.pntch.' atvdeservede..ualrecogoivionandencouragementThe mlJerinformationcanbehadasyet. Duringyesterday bbls.at*486-«'#49f- W*HKXTadvanced3<?4c}Red*V06wKapnbikans,believethattheirmightyshade*axedoing JohnC.Brant.Builder.No.107West10thstreetthe moon rose, and tho stars shone placidly uuon the stillporturbedwaters. ThemiddleofthenichtwanbattlebyyonrThese threats with wWeh every Southern breeze ifiad«j « • as hsrmjwf w tbe breezei wlri'di bear them.Isaac Lewis, Builder, N o 43 East 13th street Brown&Adams,EIOUMJMowrs.8. P . Morris, M»rbl» Works, N o . 14^ Greene atreetTbcmas Crane, O'jraaJte Cattrr, No. ldo Madtson »v«a«*«Untitled DocumentjVfr- BenjHniiu Wood aciti]OW)edg<*s his uii6tnos« for Hseat in tho < approaching; where should we go ?UnitedStatesArmy;Mrs.W.L-Maroyanddaughtw, and W . R. Calhoun, Secretary United Statee LegationN»W-0«TJBANS,Nov15.—COTTONdull; •aleeto-dayatlia» 41^0 for Middling. SCOAR dull a* 6$'<&7Q. for tsir to fuUy fuir. MitLAxsx-i at SAuadc FRRitiH-fH—Cotton to Liverpool 5MC4. KxciiAMiK ou London lOb'h'ttlOtij;, and with hills of Isdlng UiW 1C6; Sight KxvHA.\«M on New-York i'w^ ^ oent d«ICO*mt*•••.•high, eJ .citiog, gratifyiog prospects spread out before ment." On our side we have the dearest principlesas,for'isandourchildren BeyondthatIseeknotto thateveraddressedthemselvestotheheartofman.jected to a rigid scrutiny, and already have the police found a number which have been placed thereon inGREA T DAMAGE T O T H E CHESAPEAKE A N D OHIO CANAL—THE RAILROAD IN DANGER.BOLDROBBERY.—On SundayeveningJohnC.Adams, &blacksmith, encountered » German Darned VsJentiao Eschen/elder, and induced bJni to drink in rever&l diffoce&tt*. IOODB. Atlonjjth,whilewalkibginFifthstreet,nearAv«ntMB. Adams saddenlv drew & d<rk-)(nhe, B» if to »tab him. and eefe*i/«QLN to-morrow (to-day).CITY. The sun rises at 6.37 to-day, and sets at 4.50. Thepolls are open from sunrise, to sunset. Wide-Awakes, be on hand before the polls open, to see that there is no ballot box stuffing, this time.in his proclamation of October 13, I860, for the arrests he may make of persons w h o vote or attempt to vote illegally at the election on the 6th imf.'. 3OHN A. KENNEDY, Superintendent DA>*IBT. CARPEJTTXR, I n s p e c t o r .MR. EGBERT T. SMTT-It HASNOT WITHDRAWN.To trie Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: The Herald says that I have withdrawn from the Congressional canvass..Please btate in T H E TRIBUNE that this is not true. I am still a candidate before the people.Yours, EGBERT T. SMITH. ANOTHER CONVERT.Americans of Brooklyn, New-York, many of youare aware that in 18561 advocated and belonged to the then hon-widejointedbeltto encircle, the body, with intricate fastenings, which few could readilyxunderstand, were hastily taken possession of by robust men in presence of trembling women. The stock on hand was soon exhausted, and not more then half or two-thirds of theamail nxmober of passengers were' supplied, and nOne wereprovided for thewomen. Many,bothmenand women, suffered so severely from seasickness that they were probably unconscious of danger, and one ortwo were oblivious through intoxication.The apprehension of fire, through the loss of the smoke-pipe, sent a thrill of fear through many a stout heart. Many of tho women satupon the cabin floor, uttering at esch severe lurch of tho boat suppressed ex- clamations and wailinga; but, under the circumstances, they manifested much firmness and composure. One'from the freshet. OTIS—In Houston, Texas, on Friday, O c t 26,1860, of bittoui fever, infthe 27t.b year of h*s age, James F Otis, younresi SOB Some fifty miles' east of this point, between Sir of tbe late Hon. Oran G. Otis of Ballston Spa, Saratoga)John's Run and North Mountain, the railroad is located County, N. Y. , along the river, at about fifteen feet above ordinary Ballston and Little Falls, N . Y ., papers please copy.water-mark, for a distance embracing some ten or MAXWELL—In this city, on Sunday afternoon, Nov. 4, W n u - Maxwell, aged 73 years.fifteen miles. Htre, for the<•greater part of the dis- P APON—In Narrowsburgh, Sullivan County, on Sunday, N o v . tance, the track was more or less overflown by the 4, of consumption, Frank C. Papon, aged 37 y«s*rs and 10 great rise in the waters, which came down so rapidly months.that even the broad bed of the river could not carry B-£A1?«0n Swtey- Nov.4,Grace Helena,second daughterof them off fast enough. A t Sir John's Run, the water Paul Ryan, aged 3 years, 11 months and 4 days.rose above the floor of the railroad company's tele- SPILLANE—On Saturday, Nov. 3, Alice Josephine, only dahxh* graph office, more than two feet above tbe track. A t ter of Mo> gan and Eliza Spillane, aeod 9 days. •" 'I".,. ICherry Ran, opposite Old Fort Frederick, 112 miles THOMPSON—In Brooklyn, on Monday, Nov. 5,Mrs. Catharine from Baltimore, and about 12 miles east of Sir John's Thompson.Run, tho water was also fully as high above the rail- Funeral from the h«u»<» of ber son-in-law". James T. Birne, corner bhiUman street and Willoughby avenue, o n Wedn«sd»y, Nov*road track. This is the point at which the railroad was 7.at2p m.somuchthreatenedlastSpringattheheavy,freshetof Philadelphiapaperspleasecopy.April. Since that, however, a most substantial ma WILLEY—In w »t Northwood, N. H.. on Saturday, Oct.20 of eeonrvwoik^ has been, put in, which" has .safely with- consumption. Mrs. Mary Newusan wife of W m . Y. WUUy, and dnuehter of the late Nathaniel Dearborn, axed 32 yearsjstood the violent action of the waters in their present and 10 months. . extraordinary rising. - ' W x?rL ^S 7^n Sjjtar^yr Nov.'3, Mary C. Wells, wife of £Ush»•V*There arenonew,striuoelof|^isj&olianharp.J.B.&W.W.CornellJ£Ca.Hou««smith«,Cenbe*§&*< William Dimond, Iron Works No 10 W>*t 38d street,. JohnFoster.Contraotcr,Ho-149East18thstreetPROJpause and inquire,-indeed, " What is all this worth!"on Saturday last, Nov. 3, at 3 o'clock p. m., on herD. W . Adams. His, assistant, I«aac C. Partridge, diedimm& WSUIS^^^^U^^^M^^Ifi i ^ i i s - i | 5 » ; » 5$3w*. NO*EMBEB 6, 1860.4tfWW>**Wimvm*&, •^y|0l. J^ ,^l'::.:;.ii: j$j -.-•' 'I J|fiAlexJfiluK,PIMMasfcr»dhSmfth&SinciauW'on*Dress.Ck>. L.smadeinno'itfleorevasivemood;torhehiHproventhattie safety—runherbowtothewharf,notventuringto street,NorthRWerandattbeinstanceoft&JZ. fto ea&vam at Koekland Lake hurt evening in a against the windc, and sometimes in all the melting Jao.es Wotberspcon & Son, Pb^nix Mill*, WesVMth street., T* aUy believes the free citizens of tho chief City of the Tjnioo bring her broadaide no.speech « f which we print the pexoxatiox*—as ftftowt:Th»emiaifathand! Thenationiareelinginpar- *on«s& peine. Before another »ua shall sink below themelody of wee. When those who now gtce utterance Jchn Tnvlci, Gr*nite,.No 2«nWest2lstsWc. . ; can be bought H\e csttle, by scattering bis moni7 ia all nwt« of jyo Cars in Sight!—-Tbey g<>t t.irod of waiting— Brevoort of thaTbird Ward Police, it was t a S S * A. A Penman, BuiTdlug Materials, No. MX/West l»tb street the District (and aleowufcbf ft) without "tint;indeed witb'avish the water and removed to the S:Bxi^}lou» inSStothosetbtreatswerepulingintheirnurses'armstheir•MHOEldi'zGuilder,5«thstreet•_',.:£;.*" prodigality!Moreover,thiswickfldestimateofh«un*nnawre,thoughttheboa*;Wouldnotcomeback,andsosteaoi^d"fatherinalouderStraintold us to admit Missourior CharlesSchnltz,BrickDea'cr,No.b21Creeuwfchstreet. • J It Brown,RealEstate,No-10S7Broedv«y. -formedftomas»ociotion«whichitisneedless t« speciff, hasin- oS empty to LongBranch,tbe othertermiousoftho District. Thedeceasedhadtwodeepcuts tim^lSteywoulddiseohretheUnion. Ourearsha*ebeenWimandB.Sawyer,StoneCutter.No.15t>P*rrystreet JohnM.Dodd.Builder.NoJ35W^st21.t8^et Thomas C. Smith. Builder; N o - W East 28th, •treat.RobertTaylor.Plater,No.U^We.t^thateeet Alex. McRenzie. TlombeR * n 326 4th streettlemeaholdingprduiiuentandresponsibleposfionslntheparty i oppo«edtoIheoneofwhichhefiguenasthecandidate^al- thounh, in trnth, Benjamin W^od has n» party but hisf*mlly,; thenight,p*netrat*theva'»l. Godgrantthatinmyday,atleast, Ontheirsideiheyhave—paltrypelf—slavesandcotton. violationoflsw,whilenumerousothersaresuspeefce'd. Thetripwas^quietuntilweleft the,lee of Coney•CUMBERLAND, Md.,Noy.,4,I860—p..m. hiscompanion'*watchandchain,withwhichhieranoff. Officer During Friday and Friday night the Alleganies, par- Reeves of tho EUventh. Precinct heard the alarm rafted by tho German,gavechasetoAdams,andsucceededinarretinghim. ticularly on their eastern slopes, in Western Maryland The stolen property w a s found in hh* possession, and Jurticethat-en rtain may not rise! God grant that on my vis- The contest ia too unequal. It will never come. Should these persons present themselves at the polls Island. W e now soon began to feel the force of theionn«vJQImayoeopeoedwhatliesbbhind! Whenmy AbrahamLincolnwillbeelected,butthecontestwill sea. Tbierainpoureddownintorrentsandthewi<idon a land rent with civil feeds, or drenched, it may be,on Saturday. -During the day, yesterday, the rain ceased^ and thely into the bay, for the purpose of gaining depth of fallen was so great as to swell the Potomac for a brief reported yesterday that John Hooper, the Anti-Cor- g•in fx. aternal blood!gi*a ce r a h e r behold the gorgeous ensign of the Repub- lic, ) tow known and honored throughout the earth, stillfailhighadvanced,itsarmsandtrophiesstreamingin 4h<iroriginallustre,notastripe.erasedorpollated,not -* si ngle star obscured, bearing for its motto, no suchThe litter is abridge for the railroad, built on piles,TWENTIETHWARDASSEMBLYTICKET.—Itwas andextending-aboutamilefromthemainlanddrect-skybecameclear;butthequantityofwaterthathadLet their lastfeeble and lingeringpaperspleasecopy.;mi: «rable interrogatory as ' What is all this worth V he.' No power save the direct interposition of Heaven ,.«orthoseotherwordsofdelusionandfolly 'Libertytheir opposition and threats of violence and disunion are spoken in voices more and more faltering. . And, now,Union-lovingmen,BellandEverettmen, D uglas men, Breckinridge men, Do you really lovetheUnion?Doyoureallydesirepeaceaadre- posefrom,agitation,thenwith your own"swellthe vote for Abraham Lincoln. Elected he certainly, willcatch the first glimpserof the Port Monmouth wharf._£ 7;«.,«'K.-udderMason*No.23Perry,street..•; <•;..:.;'.John rettterew, Contractor, N o . 240 5tb- aw. ' —^ Moored Sidmak Builders, No. 100 West 36th-st B.'F. Smith&.Co.,BineStone,No.13ol0th-av. Lafor«*>&. Felter, Builders N o . 17Cha los-st3; h Browne, Granite Cutter, Hudson and 13tb-sts. . Kdward Gridlev. Builder.. No 75 8th-av.• votes nectwary to render hi* triumph complete and beyond doubt! wharf.' . "...'': .- . ,upon returning to the boat during the xnght it is' said that he had a quarrel with the captain. There wan considerable of a diuturbatce onboard andthe senP. A J>bman,'Real Estate N o . 100 EaBt 92d-st. Amos Woodrufl; Builder. No.61 \VeBt46th-et John Bv CorMes. Bnildor, 3tth-stE. G.OtJ». N o . 307 Broadway..T h o m a s W i l s o n , B u i l d e r . N o 1 1 0 W e s t 2 9 t h - s tSamuel A . Warner. Aichitect, Broadway and Maiden-lane. Noah Norris, Stone Cutter, 14th-st, North River. JaoobC.Bopert,Builder,No.133McDongal-st.JohnT Conover.Builder,No.630Greenwich-stg A s t r a n g e r w h o w a e . e n g a g e d o n t h e H e a r t t o a S a t u r -—AmaBs meeting was held by the Garibaldi Re-withoutthemostimminentperiltobothvesseland Mr. Lincoln's majority is large, in that same ratio w $ of the city. These barrels were marked potatoes. paBseDgfers. The conductor of the train of cars at theevery man of intelligence knows, that ia proportion as his office two barrels by express, from somewhere outthe South submit, quietly, peaceably, without violence orsecession.thathasthusfarwithstoodtheshocksofp'artyandtheday,theconspiratorswereconcoctingtheirplansto statedthattheoilicersoftheTaminendhadexpressedelectthoHonorableBenjaminWood..Herethecon- confidenceintheirabilitytolandsafelyinanystorm. thefreshet;andatonetimeonSaturdaynightitwas COOK—Inthiscity,onSaturday,Nov.3,Wflliam.sonofBreckinridgemen,sayasmuchoftheirparty? Judge beenbought.atagreatprice. Tracethemalongthe terday wascompleted. Insteadof 500copiesofa Ourserioustroublenowbegan. Toescapetheshoreages.Vi*itthegravesintowhichthechampionsof formof.affidavittobeusedtoswearinillegalvotes, onrcoursemustbesuddenlychanged;andtobrine;you,fellow-citizens, whereisthe conservatismofthecountryto-day? Whothreatenstodissolve-the Freedomwentdownallbutdespairing,theprison*thenumber is 5,000;andtheswearing Commissioner thehesdoftheboattothestorm thehurricaneandthe istobeprovidedwith,ahorseandwagon,attheHon-.highrollingseamustboencounteredonberbroadside.astopreventany serious damage. The waterscon-f^vor,GeorseEbninger,ionofthelat*GoorgeEbningerofthi»city,aged29years.FITZGERALD—On Saturday, Nov. 3, Martin J.'Fltrsejald, sonwhere captives pined, the scaffolds and the stakes whoeverheardsuch athreatfrom the lipsofawell- whereheroesfell,thetomboftheillustriousWashing-tinuedtorisefearfullyduringtheafternoonandnight Thisfsat was accomplished with fearful rolling and of Saturday, and until 2 o'clock on this (Sunday) morn-Jii.a WOMA I MINUTE. C i'Union? The'Republicans? The man is not in lifeofthelato John Fitzgerald.ing,whentheybegantofall. By eight o'clock ihey GANSE—At'thehouse of his son,the Rev.HerreyD.Ganse.A attFuhcn-M-,informed or leading Republican, and yet from the lips of the conjoined factions who oppose us, such a threat is a staple commodity, a standing argument; almost the only argument they present, or pretend to present. Through all political changes, I have always endeav- . ored to stand in the ranks of the party I thougit tho •most conservative, and thank God there I stand to-night where the great Webster would have stood had he been' on earth at this hour. From the day when the Dred Scott decision was promulgtted, from which decision it was plain that but oue more step was to be'taken by the SlavePower—one short,oneeasy step, and quite a logical Btep, too—and our . whole Union, States as well as Territories, would be a slaveholding Union, A y e , with- Slavary fastened «pon every in h of its soil, on New-York, on Massa-chusetts, on every State now free, on States that y have enjoyed the prosperity and blessings of freed op/ for more than half a century, with 'Slavery, fastened-upon it b y all t i e indissoluble bands of Constitutional interpretation, bands that could not be dissolved save by a disruption of that Constitution, followed by all the horrors of anarchy, or such a change of Govern-- ment as should, reconstruct one of the three great de- partments of Government—the Supreme Court of the TJnited States- and thereby cbtiin a new and' differ-ent interpretation of the Constitution. Yes,fromthedaythatdecisionwaspromulgatedam the Constituton of tins country; from that day forward the conservative heart of the nation have been steadily mustering around the standard of theRepublican party.The Dred Scott decision was in. its nature Revolu-tionary. It struckinto the very vitalaof the country, with a barbed arrow, whose point had been dipped in theGalloftheLemianHydra.ton, where so much loyalty, and love, and faithfulnesshadfallensomeeightfeet,relievingtheofficers-ofthe onSundayevenlns Nov.4.Mr.JobnGas^e,ajted11y«»«w. road from all anxiely about the threatened serious dif- His friends are invited to attend his funeral at the NcrtkWett., .. ,ma* prostratethemselves to the levelofserfswithsocc«68,for Wm.H.Merrill,jr.,LimeDealer,No.3iaHenry-st ••. .:theenemyofallthatisreputableandright?.'WilltheElectorsing that seme onohadfall*n overboard,hethreira ropeinthedirecionwhercethesoundemanated.The Sergeant t"ok into custody oneof the bands laitaiM Patrick McLaughlin,andlockedbimupasawfcneeg. McLaughlin was on beard during the disturbance,and issupposedtoknowsomethingInregardtotbefatsoflong to Frederick Kapp, and were ful'y insured. Theframe tenement house No. 44 West Forty-first street Dr. James Hagan took hold in 1837, hadanumber of also caught fire, but was *xtinpruiahed. The first story ptreet fights, fought a doel with his brother editor ofby R . E . Hammet of The Whig. Next came Walter Sherty whsra the bonds that unite us together shall be Jigkt 1 .Aye, FIGHT ! The combined powers of dark- sional District, all of, which Districts are largely popu- verity during the two previous days, and on the morn- ris street, near Greenwich street, in an iron-railing Hickey, who had several rows, and was repeatedlyness itself shall never cause our ranks to reel, or our lated by Italians. The meeting was called to ordler ing of the 3d the Taminend had a very rough passage heart8toblanch,forwe"strikeforouraltarsandour bytheVice-President,MicheleChiaramonte,whowas upfromPortMonmouth. Theviolencepfthestormwounded; he killed Dr. Msclin, snd was soon after About 10 o'closk this morning a fire broke out in himself killed in Texas. John Lavios, another editor,fires-r-forthegreengravesofoursires—Godandour nativeland!"enthusiastically received, and'whointroducedthe increaGedduringthedaytosuchanextentthatsomeJobnstreet,nearNassaustreet,inadrygoodsstore. Neitherofthetwolastmentionedfiresdidmuchwasimprisonedfortheviolenceofhisarticles.Mr. Jenkins, his successor, was killed in the street by H. A. Crabbe; Crabbe was murdered in Sonora. F . fj.risk of a term'in State Prison.names on the poll-«•'m mthey will be immediately arrested. The reward offered-eyes shad be turned to behold for the last time the not come. At every step of-your advancing host, the for. the' conviction of illegal voters, which the police steadily increased. The hull of the boat seemed and Virginia, were -visited by rains of extraordinary Steers looked him up to answersun i n Heaven, may I not see him ahinitg on voice of contest and secession grows weaker and are allowed to receive this year, is an inducement to staunch, and, under the cool hand of Capt. Sherman, steadiness and volume. All the streams forming the"the b: :ok*n and dirhonored fragments of a once glo ions weaker.' As our ranks are bold and strong, theirs rode *.he rolling sea with much case. As we.ap- source of the Potomac, as well as those emptying into them to display" more, than their usual vigilance. Per- proached the Jersey shore, the increasing storm be-I T I A R R I E D .CARR—TYLER—On Monday evening, Nov, 5, by the Bw.Lott Jones. Wil]i«*m R. Carr to Susan A , youngest deoghter oftbe late William Trier, esq., all of this city.Manchester, England; Maita, Mediterranean, and CaliforniaUlrica; on States dissevered, dlscordaat, belligerent; grow faint-hearted and.weak. As our majorities swell, sons should be exceedingly, carefal how they run the came a terrific tempest. All eyes were strained to it near this place and Piedmont, rose to a great nighto) the woild. . New- york,MANY ELECTORS.*<-•Nov. 5,1360.orable Mr. Wood's expense, to travel from poll to poll to aid in swearing in. Desperate men have been hired to surround the polls and drive away the Wide-Awake challengers. Will they, do it? W e shall see. W e shall probably also see the most stupendous efforts at fraud ever attempted in this.ciiy. The plans were all consummated on Sunday, in? Ben Wood's secret office. Secret he thought it, but he will find that even "walla have ears," and " potatoes" have eyes.(w.hich are now unusually large) was suffered during HERROD—In this city, on Saturday Nov 3. after asfiort but our institutions like the capitals of Eastern civilization ILLEGAL VOTERS.—The following has been issued boat shook and trembled from stem t o stern. ever, as a measure of prudence, were not allowed to KETTLEMAN—On* Monday, Nov. 5, Peter Kettleman, in tbf>lie buried.graves and see us enjoying the magnificent purchase of their toils and blood, do you think they would regret their Bufferings ?rot off the earth and w e be innocent.?Would you enroll your names in that glorious armywho are now rallying to protect freedom in this her last asylum?Would you preserve the Constitution and perpetuate \he Union ? Vote I conjure you for ABKAHAM LIN-Reformed Patch Church, in West Twenty third street, on ficultiesto the bridge. Wednesday morning, at 10 o'clock.Could these come up from their silent. Have you an^ I no mission to achieve—DO duty to perform ? Do we owe no obligations to the past ? no jdlefciance to the present, no duty to the future. Maythere, and, established a temporary telegraph station, •wife of David K. Harrington, in tbe ?2d year of her age.Her relatives and friends are respectfully i'vited to attendthe*\. » •'•VIVE L A REPUBLIQUE.FLIXO out the broad banner! ma?re ready each hand, For tbe cry of Disunion is heard in the land;'Each day may behold the fierce warfare begun, Andh»Tdmaythefightbe,erevictorybewon.i , ThenloudletthechallengeringouttotheSouth!" Republicans have but one heart and one mouthFor the freedom w e love^—for the land w e adore!i, For the Union and ABKAHAX Lracoi.jr->-hurra!"i 'upon the promenade deck, rather than take the risk of true policy of Americans is to favor and vote the Republican bbing disabled below, through sickness, from' properlycoring for her child.Tic&e wore on,and as we slowly approachedthefrendJy shelter of the Hook the violence of the sea sub- sided,and, after muchbuffeting, we finally made- fast to the government dock at the point of Sandy Hook, about 7 o'clock p. m., where the Captain said we wouldPOLITICS.What! brothera and countrymen! then will you part? With a curie on each lip and. revenge in each heart? < What!fly aaour Englishinvaders have fled,From tbe land where our forefathers conquered and bled? No! loudlettheshoutringfromNorthandfrom South,"Wghavebutonecountry,oneheartandonemouth, For the freedom w e love—for the land w e adore!,[Advortiaemont.]the railroad »eems to have suffered from this sudden iuneral, ^without further notice, from her late residence, in? ar-d powerful storm. I t should b e mentioned a s a n - Orcenwicli, Conn, on Tuesday, the 6th inst., at 2 *. m- other evidence of the solidityof the construction of the Traits leave.Twenty seventh street. New-York, at ,l*i, andl road, that in no part of it where the waters have Greenwich at 4:19 p. m. Ceniages will he in wnltingatthei••OLIVER HOLDEN, of the Tenth Ward, Late of the Sixth Ward, Brooklyn, Kings Co., N. Y.These are all the difficulties^ and interruptions which Wells in the 71st year of ber actTho relatives and friends of the family ^ invited to attend the)Stewait, as one of the Supervisors t o take their •What has he'done to entitle htm to a seat in Congress? W h ydollarshsdbeenobtained,whenitshouldhavebeenpJaceSrin the Board on the 1st of January next, willunfeelingly been « breaker of.ika ldv>» oi the State of New-Forkal!hislifti,thathonewaskstohoelevated:othopostofamakexof laws for th« United States.' Is it because1the Immento wealthhi>bbsgainedbytheporblstent violationoflaw,hasbtentaken,injuries sustained.J lmium. >•:'-'•"-•".ONWJCOO, NJV.5,6p.m—FMWKunchanged. WMHAV jleee*firmer, bin quiet: sales 2.tHX) bnth. N o 1 Chicago .Spring a t *1 09,and14,l<00 btish. Nortir-Western Club at $1 M afleat.;Jaetaos,andstflllaterClayandWebstar?j0fo IYork;andwethereforetrustyouwillendeavorto ^evMinallhislife perfonned oneday's usefullabor?words « • fiuniliar to you all; and to-morrow, oh I I w<nJre his election. Truly yours, &c. . John A. Harriot. Builder, No. J97 East 10th street.and iha* bo looks upnn .s poor rnau as a tool to be used only by Benjamin Wood for hU political arid pecuniary aggren- dlsemerjt't HereIsanissuewhishoughttoboalonequiteuuUi- cient to prevent the honest main of m«ans, and the unfortunate dincipleofhardwork,to*xerel»<ethoI'rauchi-einhisfavor. Butthis is not the only serions «iucatioii to be settled In this contest.lateUnitedStatesMinistertoRussia;ColonelLay, Exi'OHTs:2.795bbls Flour,76,100bush.Wheat,47,000husn. Coiw, 13,700 hitidi Barley.by Gen-Kennedy: ' •PotiCK HEADQUARTERS. GKNBHAI. Onnatt, No. 2 to.—Captain Precinct, you will notify your command that by a resolution of the CommissionersThe smoke funnel was blown from its fastenings even attempt the crossing of the bridge until this moriing. 53d yetfr of bis aite.with the hurricane deck, and falling upMI the edge The papsongers coming east are stopping here, and The friends of the family, and tbe members of the Bedford-streetthose going west at Hancock. M. E . Chuvcb, are respectfully invited to attend his funeral from Now 157 W«*t Eighteenth street, this (Taeaday) afternoon.estAmericanparty,8in.eewhichI have taken hoactivepartin delicate-lookingwoma*,withchild inarms,persisted,politicalmatters. Butnow,without,beingultra,oroondemnins withsurprising,courageandcoolness,inremainingE \HOST tw»d steel ^rou: pL'. ILLl1 coGtalci'«: .- «^«jjt p«rt i» •« psper Is sei I! pietai<L'b'H.-A. Bl > porters anil i>»- Sc-ienuc F •'Oh:If1*' S'.de.-' 25 .-el Stnbbt>'» ^ tsj " Spirit lr->-*i lH>raii<>» R il "Vaise-B-..Just pub \«Lany one for their political views, I am of the opiuion that theticket.For forty years a resident of New-York and Brooklyn cities.To THE ELECTORS OF TIIE nip CONCRES-SIONAL lieuntilthorisingmoonand more favorable weather ''••*''• .' 'DISTRICT. . _'• - enableduatomakesafeprogressinsomeway towardwashedtheriverbankson whichitis built, orwhore .arpot.tbey have so greatly submerged the track for miles in WILLSON—At tiie residence of her brother. James Wilson, br. length, is there the hwst injury done to the road-bed ^** SP*%£ 8e^en>ent« w«JTen County, N. J., on Sunday.9years before Congress could Constitutionally prohibit vast importance to the tax-payers of preservingthe stances in proof of.this, it may be stated thut when, in 18")-, thankfulness and good nature. A meeting • was tions having been impaired by the waters. It is business wus in a very prosperous condition, Mr. Widiamson cailed by Mr. Peters o f Long Branch, the liev. thought that but little coal can be brought to Cumber- - that trade in the .States ? What would John Qoincy political balance as it exists at present in the Board of VOX.CNTA1UJ.Y n'AiSKb rifK V/.-.OJ!? of ths printers in hi^ employ; Mr; Wilson of the same place was appointed Chair- land for several days. A t Piedmont, the damage toWeneverenteredintothis(theslavepropagandist's)R.STEWART(ofthefirmofStewart&Smith,builders)scaleofpxicestityhudhithertoreceived.Otherandmaoycori-impressiveremarkstouchingthegreatperils.wehadconcentratingatthatpoint.• . " toWheat1.473.542bush. .'-What would Washington have said t o that? Washington,whosefourthactasPresidentofthe FortheUnionandABKAHAMLINCOLN—hurra!"FR'I,LOW-CIT!ZBK8: Beforg casting yoijr votes for Member of our destination.CongressinthisDistrict,readafewfactswhichdevelopthe Thestewardoftheboat,^wiselyforhisowncom-brthesuperstructures.Theheavytunnagetrainsof Oct.14.AoraWillson,aworthymumberoftheSocietyofUnited States was to give his official sanction to a billthat emancipated every slave, and forever prohibitedLet enemies thicken, we'll never despair;Where our candidate is, behold Victory there.' iDisunite, in the ruins of Freedom you lie!most STAKTLIN*; IN.STANCKS ov OOKIU'I/TION, insolent bargain fort, though perhaps not for ours; declined the trip in the road moved for a greater part of the distance andante, end disregard of• the political right*, of American eiti- the morning, leaving his assistant in charge. The where the water covered the track with perfect easeFriends, aged 65 years and 5 months.WALSH—In this city, on Saturday,Nov. 3, James Walsh, age*/ratai tScnlwd, publican Wide-Awake Club yesterday evening, in A PERILOUS VOYAGE ON THE LOWER front was also damaged by water. Th'-se premisesbe- some of the men who have figured ia that ponton*own glorious Anglo-Saxon blood, w e think it time to der to ratify the nomination of the Republican candid- . Tbe oteaxnboat Tanunend left Robinson-street pier was occupied by Charles Nayd as a barber-shop; dam- TheWhig, and WPS killed in 1842, in a streetfight,b yates in general, and. especially the nomination ofleumforcouwel—'*Ihavenot,'*besaid,"Ihavenot No! TedthousandtimesNo!Whilewehavelife AbramWakemanoftheVlllthCongressionalDistrict; regulsr.tripforPortMonmouth,toconnectwiththe _ompany.Theupprroomswereoccupiedbyseveral ofyellowfeverin1839.Dr.J.8.Fall,anotheras-age, $50. Insured for $560 in the Hamilton Insurance allowedmjeolf,Sir,tolookbeyondtheUnion,toseewithinus,wewillcliogtoournaturalandconstitu-AmorJ.WilliamsonfittheHidCongressionalDiscareoftheDelawareandRaritanBayRailroad,run-families,whoeefurniturewasbadlyinjured.No,in- General"»oPresident,Chs.G.Latata,whomadeanable speech ofthose,v^itblargeexperienceincrossingtheBay,in Italian in defense tf the Republican principles, aa quietly avoided this trip, and took the circuitous, ih- damage. . . . • • 'Butweshallnotfight.Wehavenofoewho alsoinregardtoahighprotectivetariff.Allhesaid UnJon nv iv be beet preserved, but how tol-rable might wis? es to face our steel. Our brethren a t the was warmly rectived.betheetndidonofthepeoplewhenitshouldbebroken Soithunderstand toowell what would bethatwar ILLEGAL REGISTERING.—Tbexpanddestxojed.WhUathoUnionlast*,wehave whichMr.Canningdenominated"awarofsenti- booksinthedifferentelectiondistrictsarebeingsub- mainlybeforethestorm,noapprehensionsofserious OVERFLOWOFTHEVALLEYOFTHEPOTOMAC-There was a lull at the hour of starting; and, as i t wasunderstoodthatthecouraeof the boat would beMOUNTAINS.himself.ruption candidate for the Assembly, had withdraw. water sufficient for the requisite boats. Breakwaters • triod to a bight almost unprecedented.- The southH e h a s n o t t h o u g h t o f w i t h d r a w i n g . withdraw, but Hooper never will.,"T c ' c k e r m a yranchofthatriver,whichuniteswiththeprincipal s t r e a m s o m e t w e l v e m i l e s e a s t o f t h i s p l a c e , s e e m s t o haveewollenmorerapidlyandtoagreater nightthan the other fork. Gieat quantities of drift-wood, in- cluding fences, etc., were floated down all night on Saturday, and it is feared that considerable damage maybedoneinHampshireandHardyCounties,Vir- gima, through which tbe south branch flows.ItisacrossthemouthofthisriverthattheBaltimoreand Ohio Radroad is now erecting one of its new andsubstantialiron bridges, to replacethelarcrewoodenbridgeatthatpoint. Thiswo-khadmadeconsiderableadvancement toward completion, and the b«d of theriver was occupied by some of the temporary props re- COVEL—In this city, on Rnnday, Nov 4,1860, John C. CoveLBEN WOOD'S POTATOES—Late on Saturday night such matters gave weight to their words, that no can prevent it now. You know, and I know, and the Hon. Benjamin Wood (Brother Ben)-received at steamboat could attempt the landing in such a stormtoformanartificial.harboraresaidtobeincontempla- t i o n ; b u t a t p r e s e n t t h i s e x t e n d e d w h a r f s t a n d s c o m - pletelyexposedtothefuryofthestorm. Theopinion was freely expressed by men whose experience inBOOKMAN—On Monday,Nov.5,1860,inJerseyCity,Mrs, J< n - i r o a B o o i i t a n , t h e w i f e o f W m . B o o r m a n , a g e d 5 3 y e s r s and9months.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectf&TJy invited to attend the funeral Irom the Union' Baptist Church, Grove str«et, on Wednesday, Nov.7, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.BLOODGOOD—On Sundayevening,Nov.4,JdaUldaW.,wife of Freeman Bloodgobd. in the 39th y»ar of ber age. i Her relatives and friends are r^poKfolN invited to aittend netfuneral fromborlate rpsidenc,No,215Thompsonstreet,onTuesday, the 6th inst., at 1 o'clock p. m. BULKLEY—OnMonday,Nov.5,atRye,WestchesterCotmty»N . Y . , Jobn Bulk'ey, aged 45 years.The funeral will be attended at the Episcopal Church,at%M. D., in tbe 6<Hh year of bis age.His friends and those of hie family are respectfully invHed tosurance..-•',;.- FIRE IN MORRIS STREET. •sistant, had a number of fights, io one of which he was...••:• :•;•H-J fail••-/ •••• i •••••;,.- .. .. .,, .' 1THE FE II yrjBXlBHEt»V«Jtad d*tt*e*«d k. i Su&ocrib-Ts, sVip<*&&.KKW- A VTRV<*'fa(sobosbedev«rj msnmun, tom S i j T^nCop'r'' ssWksrger notii.o %*yf&emto•ddu •*• tSs*m*"of *'*;) t^rtaty or a c - -*A^tvertUea#»U'.A AAR ANDTW1itien. U(.M.n T H E ilvsjcfc;M:ed<ry p&wtacw , T ~ .'{:.. FCi-tIs oob!'*t-1 d aai itss>*-p• fie&u.TV.CALIFU! U s « J > ' . ! » r r <i iPricw.'S: cBank, but tbe officers said w e ooufd no*tf land at Port KiiacTM).Mindejhincrofpublic,opinivn,andthatheTelesupon Monmouth,wbore;tbeearswtreinw*itiog\andreach >KABUCMURDEROFASTEAMBOATHASD^V^.Fedetcl Legislituro, b y candidly declaring th-vt m o MO.VKYmix/ W exclusively for su/jcflHS. His only confessed CLAIM is THAT our deetiowion soon'tirtfcndcafeHi.in that <|£y. So our terday afternoon the body of a m*n about 40 y«a»irfIIKreBJCH—rich,itshouldbeadded,'atthe *xnenHeofto*ao-docedhimtomakedirect overtures ofbrilliant hr^«rytogeo- Road whe^iteeems,theyareInstructedtolieupfjreyelids;the^woundshavingevidentlybeen S ZThe indefatigable officer Taylor jumped upon theMust tlis msn-s hmking accounts—bis parse, oitweigh all thatshould be held dear in sociol and political lifo. ? Must they con-qner unblemished integrity, render of no avail a hfe-thne ofearaOBtdevotiontothecauseofhamnnpr<gross,andnullitythe perilsofthesea. The-whistlesounds—thecarsmove intent of tbe glorious right accorded to every froe ci izen toohoo^e,t3ponpxin'iple,whosh*llgovernhimandm»kehi« Uwsi Areyoutodeaftothocallolhonorasnottoregardthisap- pfal to your ptoper judgment as of great moment to your fiutn*irfrcmthepoor—nowbepartiallyrestored tothebrtte,thatthev their anxious friends, and their breakfasts. Thus viousnightheheardasplashintbewater,andthink,We were all seated in the cara at 4 o'clock 8uuday morning, rejoici&g at onr final deliverance from thewelfsre^ Shall w e l*arn, from the « salt of the strn^gleof Nov.6, that there is no longer any public virtue Jeft la New-York, andt h a t t h e a s s e r t i o n o f a j u ' g e r e c e n t l y r e s i g n e d , t h a t u o o n e i nelected to office who is powerful for anything out miachief, in ing is contrary to Jaw broken by tbe one-sided locomo- day, reported on Sunday morning that during the pre- correct? Shall the meney—nefariously snd pldu»lbly extorted tive, hurrying both clergy and laity to their/homes,,endeth ournightofperils.Whoso readeth lethimK1IIE,.IN-FORTY-FIRST STRF.ET..About 4 o'clockyesterdaymorningafirebrokeoutin the frame stable on West Forty-first street, in therear of the grocery store No. 1,045 Broadway.. Fourhorses in the stable were rescued. The frame buildiognext the stable was destroyed. Tbe grocery building he maybe ediSed by the following brief history«fA fire broke out about half-past 12 last night in Mor- shop.' FIRE IN JOHN STREET.pitching,theseawashingover thedeckfromthestemto the tsdies'cabin. Here the wheels were stopped;the object, as stated by one of the officer?, being todrift and back her stern up to the wharf. The greatestanxietynowprevailedamongshepassengers. Thebeat tumbled, and the upper works creaked. No .carswere visible on the wharf. After Borne dallyiog and Diffey, one of the Supervisors of Trains, also proceeded HARRIK GTON—On Monday morning. Nov. 5, Ruthelht N. H^ ccqutting with the storm the attempt was abandoned,ijtns, that can posaibly be imagined. The contest calls for yourmoatseriousconsideration,'ahd<V/<syou-uliovl.ilgive,toitbefore crewuntilMondaymorning;butitwasthought Themostseriousconsequencesofthisfreshetappear77 y ears and 10 months.WESTERVELT - In this city, ou Sunday, Nov. 4, Abm.It is no longer a content:confined to the choice of mere politi- calprinciple.Thecandidatesinthefield-areAMOKJ.WIL- viAuiox, JOHNY.SAVAGW.andBENJAMIN Woon, allofwh'<wuupporter Again, il more proof be wairUng, turn to the proo.«dings" of tn» Common Ooimcil, when he was Alutiraian oi the Second Ward. Therecord*will show?hatheinvariablyea»thisvoteandex-damage.' in any quarter. J,Ai.nANv, Nov. 5 , 6 p.' m.—FLOVR lir"ai; snles ucderate. WJSRAT—Mere doing, but supplies limited; s»le* of 6-2*10bush. • No 2 CbicasoSpringat*1 17;6.600 bush.Hed SU\eat«128rWiththeviewofreceivingandconveying definite GASKIN—OnThor»dsy,Nov1,Claire.infsntdaughterofJohn information and orders at the scene of danger, Mr. W . and Heunah Gaskin of Smitlitown, Long Island.ftgsni • iiti6i. itJOA3JMO ECAMMC'IPRICE, tCoctaiti- • krow. I t - urittrii, a- publlshedIt is rrvc -siciass.• TJ; .- >i IUustraJt' a l- Nvvty. •--Pu-bluU.: band headway made in the direction of Sandy-Hook.Our course was either broadside o r quarter-ing to th e storm, and th e general alarmwas increasing. The upper .works o f the- the period of alarm.. The night exoress trains, how- severe illn^js, Ephraim .Herrod, aged 35 years.thereof with a tremendous crash, pitched overboard. At this'point-a panic—though not a wild one—ranThe bridge is reported to have escaped without any at 1 o'clock. . £of the Metropolitan Police,. each member of it will T)e entitled through the boat. The life-preservers, consisting of injury whatever; and with.tbe exception already stated MOORE—On Saturday, N o v 3 Sophia, eldest daughter of Q^tiby meana of instruments placed in his car. funeral from her late residence. No. 194 Jobuson straet, Brook- No interruption to the tuhaage trains of the rpad lyn, N.Y.,on Wednesday, Nov 7,at 2 o'clock p.m.and safety.tlure wss sufficient, to give a good supper to all, and to have fallen upon the coal-mining interests in the vi- WESTERVEL T—At Hackeneack, N. J . on Saturday night.bush.. CORN dull, the quantity ott'eriot; is light; salos «,500 bush.a yirtyal and tacit stipulation of that great charter of of j'ieldbg right andjustice to'labor and its hardv representa- . iroJy waehed away, and further serious iojurioK are Western Mixed tit 0'7J36«c BAHLKX*IDfair demand. Prioesv VNowlotusdrawtheper contra-picture. Mr.Williamson'shidingopponentitMr.BenjaminWood.subscnoMonlagged. Mr.Peterssaidonlvapahrv*24previoup every man on board would have jriven half hispossesionstobeplacedinthopresentstateofsafe- ty. Thesuccessofthelustappeal we did not learn•bewatersgenerallyabatedverymuch,audnofarther damageatanypointseems,tobeapprohonded. W*stock of provisions was intended only to supply the«• W e have but one country, one heart and one mouth, Forthefreedomwelove—forthelandweadore'. Forthe UnionandAKKAHAX JJIVVOLS—hurra!"CIRCULAR—THE SUPERVISORSHIP.Nsw-YoRx, Nov. 1, 18G0. gent employing printer* in New-York; treating his employees comere. Meat and -potatoes were beiug cooked, but No. % Chicago Spring a* $ 1 ; 6 000 buSi. Green Bag Club attrust to Providence for the morrow. cinity of this place and Piedmont. The Willis Creek, JCapt.Sherman,withtruesailor-likecourtesydi* emptyinginfothePotomacatCumberland,andorectedsupperof somesort tobo preparedfirstandat Geoige's CreekatPiedmont,both seemtohaverisen ore well known to the old', resident* of the District, as abjo to the once for the ladies. Tea and bread and butter were to an unprecedented higbt, attended with serious dam-Murlitta....Reported by Telegrapk. BryxAi-o, Nov. 5, 6 p. m.—FxoU'n steady and in moderate de- maud. W jiKAT—another advance »n Freights has.checked the d e -P A K i i OEMOR r':S3 JHHMS l>rtnorcommunity at large. A s for Mr. Williamson, he is universally therefore upon the table in short order, and rapidlyacknowledged to be one of the most liberal, upright, and indi- ago to the lateral railroads which bring coal from thedisappeared before the keen appetites of the-first mines to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and the maud; market without iinpoitant chauge; sales of 6,000 bash.fs*hiuo» S : »iub«cripu- -i 1A BOOU IDE -tar *t b LAR.MC* i*«y. Up'•<•.WiMiki"-*'SECOM • .TiD5 The l ^ ^»aprrwt •* :Scidr- i l'•*50( W W / tOF *Y' C «sd01'-*«n.nc-:it ^hi»jprc*2«e - Urts^psssss ra«bi> o .SiCAL VtN j «*ilWhok •york, w l••At^« refer or T ofibeaitssPric- • ' es-piee.ft *•'tiie Territory under the *©verd*t penalties, to which act The undersigned, residents and business men in this with the same liberality, and giving them The same prices, that Chesapeake and Ohio Canal. One of the engines of * I 05; 6,000 bush. Bed Winter at $ 1 15. CORN closed ifinner tbe desired and demanded when he was himself dependent upon the majority had to be satisfied with broad and butter the Mount Savage Railroad is reported to have fallen sale« 17,000 bush, at 50c , but liold at 51c. at the close. OATS dull hegavehisofficialsanction,andthia,too,in1804,four County,irrespectiveofparty,beingimpressedwiththe hislaboresajourneymenforalivelihood. Aaoneofmanyin- orbuttersndpotatoes. Safetyandsapperproduced throughabridge,onitswaytothiscity,thefounda- at26c. B.\nt.Kvdnllat62ic. RYKsteady;tales400bush,atJtdame bavs said to it ? Hear him. In a- letter writ-ten' In 1838,' he says: **. Non fore in feedcra veni." to vote for and use yourinfluence inbehalf of WIL/.IAM end its adjacencies, indebted for an ntti'UnheA advanc* in the retery. The Chairman made Bome appropriate and greater, and a like interruption to the large coal trade ",171 bush. Barley; 8t)0bi\»h. Rye. Total bush F.oar «&duce4Supervisors of this County, earnestly recommend you and io this act of his were the priht'.-rs, in all parts of ihe city man, and the Rev. Mr. Middle-ditch of Red. Bank Sec- the George's Creek Koad is reported to bo probably' 10^2,966 bush. Wheat; m 8 6 0 bush. Corn; 2,010 ba»h. 0 » U ;\inci»« evidences of Mrs Wiliiamson'.iieieraniuatioa to support league. "This wasnot the covenant-to which we for Supervisor. and advocate .passed through, and appreciating the skill and couruge of tio ofccers, which, under the protecting care oft*CuijCUGO, Nov.;% (j p. w —Ftocn firm. WHBUT qute'.; sales) 42,' CObush. i\t iiUo. for North-Western Club; 84j(2&c foe No. 1 s 81{<2f2c fvr No. 2. In store. CORX firm and Jc. higher: sale* o f 1^.000 bush, at 86^36*0., in «ton». OATS quiet. RKCKIPTS-. 3,900 bbls. Flour. 4.7C0 bush. Wheat, 3^00 bttsh. Coxa. SHI<V MUSTS—500hWs. Flrur. 193,000 bu»h. Wheat 50 000bu»h Cdm. FsmQnTH easier 1 12J®13c. on Wheat to 8uft'alo. SHIKT E x -Wo have been unable to gather further details of damage by the freshet, which, on account of its steadi- Mr. Stewart has occupied the position of Supervi- bsve been for jears presented <b the public through the Columns kind Providence had placed us in comparative safety. ness, may have occasioned much 1O*B to private prop-Iswill cfcrtttinly be elected,andit is'a matter ofthe tives. AndleJtthose,withsi»tbrtand rLiothcrwwhoireunfortu- ua;theofficerscould not.well exceed their bounden •trouger:*ale» M.»00bunb at6ft'«-lie forState.78cforG the human race, binding upon every signer of that in- greatest propriety that Mr. Stewart shall be selected as nately compelled to earn their bread by work, bear in ruiud thut uuiy. anorthat XMjntihfid crew who had witheoolnees apprehended. TheTe being no telegraph station* there East, and Vie. for C«nadaW<'»t WHUKV—Sales 200 bbl*. atpledged our faith in the Declaration of Independence. The total and irreversible abolition of Slaverywas pledged inthatcompact bytheappealtotheSapremesorforthe last three years, being now Presidentofsaid Board, and his conduct in said position has been' ' TlIK RtGKTS OJ' L.AKOKof The New Vork Di^pBtch, ofwhich paper he isihe editor and Ihe Secretary presented complimentary resolutionsofpi>blisher. Thenrticltsin thispsp(>r,overohicelieha«tjl sole thankstotheofficers,whichwere passed withoutdis- ertyalongsomeof-thestreams. Onthewestern dope sent. Mr. Peters moved a Committee to obtain siana- ot the mountains there was'also much rain, but itj doespiecemeal, from the pocket*.of the poor toiler'{ ls.it because he Some parlies quietly suggested it would be time to hal- —Among the passengers arrived yesterdav by the Other grain* qniet C.VNAX. VxxroicirH lc. higher on grain,-Information has been received from the Chesapeakeand Ohio Canal, one of whose officers is undorstood to and car icts do. at $ 1 2D. OATS steady, at 33®354<;. tales 30,000'•-AdriaticareBishopKipandsonofCalifornia;Rev. withahadvancingtendeney. Flour,48o;Wheat17c.;Cora, [•'•••' loo. or to contribute when we were out of woods lliic., to New-Vork- LAIIK I«i>0)tT)«: 2.882 hbl* Klhur, 185,000'The wind shifted to tho South-west, the storm ceased W. Adams and family of thia city; Colonel Pickens, bosh. Whcnt. 13,400 bush Com, 5*0,«KK> htish. Barley. CANAUthedeceased.>—If anybody wants to edit The Vicksburgtax.adcrrst,»iA GREATFRESHETINTHEALLEGANYJonessucceededJenkins,butsoonafterwarddrowsed »ide»tti«D••''.t'•' '• ' ; • 'mmmmmmmmmm^mm' - '••••••••••••• '.'i imorning deceased was not to be found, knewnothingofbiswhereaboutsuntilhisbodv%&• taken from the river.TheCoronorv<asnotified.attend Ms funeral from the Gre*ne-»treet M. E . Church, oa. Wednesday,the"thinst.,at1o'clockp.m />*'65c- WuicKit nominal at 20c Canal FKKI«HT» 25C. oa Wheat. to New-York NoshipmcuUofC.ro. Canal ExroKT*: 2,400 bbs Flour: 131,478bush Wheat; 10,000bush. Corn: 3000bash- Oats. Lake 1MI»OKT.S since Friday morning 24,897 hbla. FloursiM iiii.Some pvoi'orred a direct run up the river to lied at Paris.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com_L-— 