 ] BJon St?a»atTr,r.aonit"'*l't».enain.r.»">*.I***- VICTOREMANUEL. C CA\ W.KMtli»j«'.*.p.ai'm>»ra'her*uthisixdtcy.'U"?astj^r'tyof the Board e-f Hreetors do not appear to entemr. Byihs a«.ii©nand aeefcration of the FxeentiTe'CoamHtee.*l*kkthan,farhasBb<-«-nsistsiacubytieBeard,thear-nrngcniesuwh\h x.st«dwitiithe"prewiatth<itinwefin*- coawolldAt.oii have M«c|i4islurtied. Fr'jm af^rfectlyr.rniewous mwlei"landing, the attftud«of th«con'P*»y the oppestm une in .is place. The lease of the Southern that the course commenced by the Executive Committ e company. ao'i l.'p i're*i»iii''» :*ne ^f host Hit*.-. Th!smjfr-Tte.natestat«;o f s & a i r H a r ' i - s c o t s o m u c h f r o m t h e a . t n a j e h a n g e s w h ; . bbav« be"n.iiiad»j, iilthoush they are -tronitTy objected toDJ'n.fiuevlsjifipciH,asfrom thef«^eHngwhichhashe*m x•.ud In the lead.Bg propr etors of the public press, thatthe umpany ist*nd to incr<«se the rates, sad in fact do stroy aB tie existing arrangements for obtaining foreign anddomesticv:.-s. Thedeclarationhasbeenmadeto tie itudersigikd by Mr. Rasscll, one of the Executive committee, that the New York Associated Press must be broken up and that means would be fonnd to accomplish this resr.it? Vow,'t appears to the undersigned, that the TfP'graphCempecy "iave so mor<> r%bt toengage in the df-trnctic.net the Xews Association, than they have to break «rp"a private Una la order that cash partner may he made to pay separately for the despatches wh ah would come to aft in <xmmca. Ti» right to combine to procure intelligence is as flacred a s the right of the stockholders of thin Company t o »ssoeiat<3 thenu>ftvee together t o build ar.d operr-te teVgraph lines. It leonld be considered tho<t,t ',,M*!Bt*u t u considered to be re- the rate* charged to other ;;les*rs af eittr**'*t«d, (ratleast r-rshrar- asdividend* . ramiwith Mr. Craig—which was the atsM AssociatedPressdisclaimedMr.Cratg, the Associated Pr*a*_ prohihlt-lt»Keva,«Whathaveaegotto. withthe No-of the tit***,andbeento close the contract withthe call far the- >actttsmghtit>,».Mil*er«"_-J up rawwdavedanewositi i'*•u, >xiu>iw*ctor8 ***•** mew* at &**,#» Will ft* OIHMtgWMl OBb«**rd*BAf*J}l '* ting the foundena atasansr nt order that ttaXlbey map b* remterred 1roan of the companyrot*areooBeerried,untilthemevtaiSfc issue. fcsWi l«*tl*uatatUtj/«f -.Met. S w^s *' asaaaw ssisBjiB}*BBwgp Bjm B^sanfenjsjBBjBawjty- jt'sssajr *aaja>*isshsto be expected. It can onry be achieved after a long and pnbibhed by the Fthat T*A hadnotreadcarefullytbcpamphlet~ taaittee. & contained* L * . ***?• *'•* aB granta of sppolat pria-ilege* *nd Italy* isssfe rswUkl cla**,!,, m the ose of the haws of UMS CJ*U-rl i s OjBctol <»**-«« ** testa, of the Uth. publish** t U Vj^f-. ' '*~.actions .n the rates are made to oae classtrai'y, by a rosmweten to the press of all their demands, heed er maa^epivsjpBnsioa nxr every sage. B e essM act s-nda Ai^addiUc-u to the nominal capital of the com- hethvs that sir Btaa tm had read it before it was pub tany, ar.d a consequent reduction 1a the future divi- II«!Hd, for the statements in it were known to every oneMr. Kssoiu want aa to jaatify his i against it for withholding the ases- in the matter. He declared that, tftnilr.wtiis; royal d*cr**:-~rtremaew f , ifl cntideratlon ef sending long sssavagps. drndste* (act that the Nova Scotia Com-to he perfrcUy fidar. Mr. RnseaB knew that ta October ssges af parties till the express of the Associated Press s*.asK*nnoettMTt-icni, Jane U , !"**>• Th* M:*i*tefbas presented u project for a new loan cfjUrshal Yal'.tant to arrived, and la lodged la the royal '-fCl H*willbrvaaJaat to-morrowmorningwiththe•Switzerland.cewva, June 14,ltvdO.* t h e tiraad Council of Geneva has presented, a s a M M ef esteem document*of nai'iruMmtlou aiSwiss citizens totsrmttr wH'»S»»"jafli. the lau chief* of th* com •titter tor tb> aan« tattoo of iaucigoy and ChabUia to*t£-%Jir'hui CaUinet, In reply to U » note of the Fade- MiCounit 4«i«d2Wa*i*> »*>*,h*1thfi P***"*1»ute of aflU r . W a r t permit Aaatti* to take the iflithujre IslaiefromWarhuigton toNewOrleaiJjwill thenbecome a n i t g c ; i - o f t a h ' - e b u r d e n , a s a l l p r o v i s i o n ? f o r a d i v i s i o n ot the New ori*t.osbi.siiitss will then be abrogated,and aviolentcom)ct.uouarisewiththeinteriorroute,back- ed by tie whole influence and pecuniary strength of the crnfederation.wasgoingtoleadtatheruinofthecompany. HewouM h a v e s o l d i t a l l h a d n o t M r . H u n t c o m e t o h t m a n d b e g g e 1 him not to do so, and they agreed not to sell any more storkunlessallsoldouttogether.Mr. kc»i.ix added tha, it was very clear to his mmd fltattheactwasamostwrongfulone.andthattha|tsra* the foundation of this trouble.^EtT oanftraaa*. .,iany. Buttheydonotsounderstandtheirobligationsto percentofstockIntothenewcompany. Hecouldper-' causetbeyknewthatiftheydidnotrivallineswouldbethe shareholders. They feel it to be their duty to lay be- ceive a very good reason for Mr. Field s selling out his estabiifched. He never heard tt raid that any proprietor objected to. Be did not want te return fatvds. > foreypufranklyalltheinformationtheypossess,because stock,tathedifficultiesbetween himandthoDirectors; oftheAssociatedPresswasengagedInspeculation tothe Mr.KiJuuntiaskedwhetherIhat evinced cnysytfcf by the laws of New Jersey the stockholders nave the snd when he mad* new purchases of stock, it only showed extent of a barrel of flour or a coon skin. But be had lK-ii'ity on the part of tli's comnrisv agelast <p*r*svVi)THE AMERICANTELEGRAPH COMPANY, CNtwrcny «Mb IIMheightofft*ltyforamerchanttorainhiscustomer*inthorighttodecidethewholequestion. thathehadchangedhismind,andconsideredthestockbearditassertedbyhundredsaadthousandsthatthereisYorkpr•«>•PutMr.Craigw»nu*nocxmipsxaadse.H*•rhopeHatbetteroaeawouldarise,Mtoaixlike,fromtheir Y<urcharter ismade subject to the "Actconcerningashes. eon orattoi s." ot 1M6. which, among other things, con- Although the "pd'-Tsigted predicted from the outset, tains the following provisions—notsobadafterall AstotheresolutionproposedbyMr morethanoneami more than ten men whomr many did not wish any comprntiiiao to be niadjgSnd hedni Hewett, to appoints committee to settle the differences be years part have had the benefit of tbe first news received there should be none, unices tbJr company tween tbe company and the press,he considered tt directly by tbe agent of the Associated Press, aad had made fortune wonki alh.w him to de ss the futon Companyatagree* uy«o,that the ?rwm wooM bedriven Into opposition by the Ihat every corporation, as audi, shall be deemed to have a vote of censure on the directors. What was the real on fortune by it. How was it dose? It was a notorious bad allowed btru to do— control- them, antpolicy and declaration of the Executive Committee, the ]M>>ver. difficulty? Could any gentleman tell what the difficulty fact that the first despatch of the Associated Press, cm - lie for tht-m when they want him, and Jit him have thecrisis has been reached much sooner than they antici- Fifth. To appoint such subordinate officers and agents as the between the press and the directors was* taing the foreign news, comes in cipher, only comprehend jiow-.-r be now has, of speculating on the first receipt ofpated. Th*,rec«<r.t of the annexed letter was the first fctiainens of the corporation nball rco,ufre, and to allow them a Mr. Cvsrs W. Ixau> suggested that there were three ed by two or three persons ta the country. That contains the foreign new*. He (Mr. K ) had ss strong a motive asTV adjourned aaocting of th« Btockhclil^r^ of the Amp- riean Talefraph Cooij-any, ca'.t-yl ,n rektiou to thddilfS- •vltiea between Ibe compauy aud tb* newspaper press, « u held at the Aator Houae yetterday. There was a large attenOance of stockholders, and several members of the press of S- * York ami Boston w r e present.ThePrestdeat, Js> ZiaiaB-uums, called the meetiug to order at twelTe o'clock.Mr. Ctimuixre IJVWGSTO^ rose to offer certain resolu- Uei i which he aspected would be ad >pte<l by this meet-Tlie director? bsve no powers except such as they de-rivefromthecharterandfromthestockholders;for,by agent,althoughtbeoneactedInthename<ftheother.If.members of the press present, who would answer the question.Mr.SMITHwould give way toanyofthedirectorsto explain the difficulty.Mr. KKMOAIX did not believe that there was substan- tially any controversy at all between the Associated Press andthecompany;thecontroversywasaltogetherbe- tween other parties.>!. : :: the eli.se t :be IhieM al i.icht.ing. Be had Said yesterday that he believed that the 2. Th»t|the "prrts ni'.-a ut way papers between Bos: mind V'w Y Tk, for MOT''fil'le* ef ih^ innXieh repons, should he lived »i ihe i.-.,rajje «.,iiv t.a-1 ;... the lioe vi iriiifj die threeappoint cfRcers nnd agents for any and all purpose* what- Mr. SariH said that if there was really a controversy wHh elated Press threatened them with an opi<osit:on line, soever connected with their buisiness. They may take the press, and if the directors knew nothing about it, he they would take the consequences He believed that theythe matter Info consideration, and If both weretopsss, then he would wilhdraw the amendment which he had oflered; and he presumed that Mr. Cynt* W FteM wonld alto withdraw the amendment wbich be had oflered. Was that the understanding*the FrcSKTARY, (Mr. Russ* 15)—Vo Sir.Mr. P . P . Fnan—Then 1 do not withdraw try amend ment.Mr. Cinxs.cf Maassachnrsctts.wotddBrnggcst an amend- ment which he thought might solve the whole difficulty. It would be to the rfleet:—That whereas a committee has boon ap|.oit'tid to report perroaneut rates of charges for the Amciican Telegraph Company, therefore, resolved, tliat after said o mmlttee shall have reported such scale of cam gey. a committee of three shall be appointed b j the ITI .-uii nt. not members of the Executive Committeewi.o si.ail be empowered to contract with the Associated press of Kew York a permanent arrangement in bnsi- n«-e ).»sed on tlie scale of prices reported by the Com- n.tlt'i to adjust tbe subject.Mr. KENDALLbad the impression that this matter could be arranged ta a couple of hours, and he would therefore move that the meeting adjourn till ten o'clock tomorrow.Mr. GKESX was requested to reduce his resolution to writing. After some time he produced the following—Whereas, a committee has been appointed by the Board of Pircctoig to rej-ort to the Board or Directors a scale of c h a r g .-• o r t o l l s f o r t h e t r a n s m i s s i o n o f m e s s a g e s o v e r o a r lines, therefore,Resolved, That when said committee shall have so ad- just ed and reported such scale of tolls, and tbe Board of Ibrectors shall have approved and adopted the same, the President be requested to apjoir.t a com in ittee of three stockholders, other than tbe Executive Committee, to conclude on tbe part of this company a permanent con-great proportion of the stockholders had made up theirthis iress dlKcblty, if they choose, out of the handsofwould vote the strongest resolution of censure .againstbad got a set of stockholders wlfh backbone enough to stand by tbem and say that tbey, too, would take tbe con- sequences. (Applause.)Mr. HEXIIV J. RAYMOND replied to the statement of Mr. Smith, and rxpescd numerous fallacies and inconsisten- cies in it. As to the charge made against tbe agent of tbe Associated lTess, they bad often heard that charge made before by pet sons who had themselves failed in speculation, and cast the blame on Mr. Craig, and they had offered to give the matter every investiga- tion, and to go to any expense and give all facilities to•Mads; but he was rlso sat tiled, t'rom what occurred yes-terday, that many of the large stockholdersare dephous of having a discussion. Be hadsupposed that all the stockholders hat road thepamphkt* issued, and that these pamphlets werethe foundation of the call of the meeting; and believingthat a very large proportion of the stockholders preferredthat the iliscassion of the private interestsniuiiths '•udiug M.sr -ii 1. 1J«0.aprf*. thiungh u s Jeailn-.g s»ockh.\!ilei'4, to eteet a s director, atthe ne\t anu'uii :r.'"»-'iug. or earite.i u b person tst»»»kh.dile|.) as the majoriij ef the Bostsio e-liiors interested may seleet; also, Mt'h lliiwe j.ers..i,« .«toelth*»!<!er»i «* a ma>>rity of the A s- a^iiiirrt Plena ol New Yirkir.»y iixth-ate: al«r», -oieh fH»e per- foti (»H*klsolaer) as a umj-jteky of the 1'hiiadeipbia ethtors may *"KKe«M4. Thai the sjiid i.v» ihreet.irs «hon»l he imderstiHia] "as repro- seurb'K the pr^»< of tiic seaboard, aiut thai thev sh..nld be e.»i- Miuuted t>> the company «CTsnaaWtee,with full power to de- cide ipoo all quesji'"«.a afteetlnj; the intere*t« nf the press jn itsthem.sf the company should not be had in publio deaiimjs with t'.i • American Telecraph Company, but withouthe had moved an adjournment. He believed that a ma •.be p.iHir i« alie, ibe nirill ol' charges to the press without the s fi, i*on ,,:* the fr'si.'- tit.prosperity of the corporation.not pretend to dtettte. t»ne thing Is certain, that tlie culty that arose was in regard to the Boston prexs. Tbe proved. He disclaimed, on tbe part of tbe AssociatedJority of stockholders would have voted for the adjourn meet, and that the interest of the company would be be- nedtted thereby. But gentlemen had differed with him, aad now, without discussing the merits of the question, he moved the following resolutions:—With ih«se eone.'usiotj* lo the press and the public, and hy the adoption i f all real ituprovoTuents In tho butlling and the working of lines; the emntnyment of th» liosw oj..-rai'i!-«; mak- ing the riosliia Weir .if th'« imes between Boston and New iir- lfaiui i»eU>- o'eJ.H-k, MI,<! Ke»we»o Il«»i<.>n and Xen f.enidland the uar.e when lie' steamer* are fully dtie; opening die Sines on Sundays, tnoniitij.' ami cveumg; exactiug noihing extra for r«-)xiri» i!rp..«iit.| iu die telegraph ofilees before twelve o'ele:k at nifbt; keepimr »t least two win's fully manned betweou » w Yurk and Washiuet-ai dtirips the sessions of t'onpress,present Itosrd of Directors are. divided into two sets, whoditter radically as to the policy of the company. The un-dersigned believe that it would be better for the wholeBoard to resign and let a new one be elected, who will re-present the majority of the stockholders. This can easilybe effected by a request on your i»rt to the present Boardto resign one by one, and substitute, suchpersons as you may have indicated. Whether you intelligence on the Nova Scotia line must be termi-fwit * »* t. -ad sat Mbetory to D*> trwrsnry.i : Mr. it fa.il has repeatedly declared that this con- t<...t--ait11if«,:tid,"wu.chcaiii.olboreliedupw wbesi-.ir it a*ays»it the inu rest*. i f tlie contracting !aitastoda»i:*vit. If tins be so.in a cout-st witb tbiasftoeated ;nts,tia-undersignedbelievethatthe NtrthAmertosoTidegrapliioC<nfederation will feelcoa-is -tii.il of that tbejr bad reditceo tbe rates thirty-three p-r '<itfromthel.-toJune. Thatwasonetnisstatemer AMthrr was that flic American company never paid a n •I'.vii<r.ds. Now Ithad taid twodividendsof tea per ctnt,andthestochholdeishadreceived100percentJbr theiritockintLostockofthis c.tnpony. Whatwas fie !•<• tn he had been selling his stock* Because he thoughtfandlng tntee suits, and could do so successfully. ,air.llt'wma—iha\eusvt-rsen!auytbibn«fthekind. 1 hr.ve always taattted that it was tut ilkfeal act, aad Uait weorghttohavebeanmdictedforit.Mr.Ikn.Vmr—Whatsanest)haseveradvisedthe Kxtcntive Committee that flasp ought to pay ittMr. Bi *sxu—1have, and I am the legal adviser of tbeMr.P.P.Fnan—Thatis.theExecntiv*Committeehas a d v i s e d t h e c o u n s e l .Authentic "vidence of the width of the breach which had been efleeted-— ,Xr.wToss.Slay30.1858.t. VASSVW. K«O., Prr*k3ent of ibe An.eriean Telegraph I'O.— Pt-ar fir—Tb»» v>re*s twiween B'«s!'>u and Waahingt.in (iejsir«»lo «• i iu harim-iij .v,Ui 'h« »-d«ii!g i-iegritiii eompanies oi th« oH.i-tiy, MUJ e»i < -iajly with the AmencauTelegmph Compa- u\, midtoh>«':i»i'i!*i'diy••o-operatlononb'e.hsHles.theNew York ni«l Bi»t»n pi•••*«, a> ling for iheufetlves, bot repi-wjent- mg, as ih^v IwHw, the viewsot the ,'eadimrnewspaper pro- prietor* b**w«.ii ii..*t..-, ,o«t W«»hii !•;('>•' r»"»pr<ni>ii!y r«pie«t:I. 1ii<H ni« Aiueru-aut TeJegr*i*li i *.»m|«my will, on and af- :, j tnv lith 'i Jane xt, apply-'ihec sarmue« prinaiple .if r«li.-- tk'H iM, '.••nt$ fKii.iiia virt (•> •>! l>ni 'he Kant, as is now in firre i f ;•..< <•,-; Xf»- Y .r<i ivt Wimhiritft..o; «)s >, Uiat the stmn* rulesirnital.'e eempeDaatloii.Kivli. To n»ke bylaws not inconsistent with the eonstitn-tion or laws of the Vi.ited States, or of this State, for the Bianagfmentofitspropertv,theregulationofitsaffairsand for ibe transfer of its stock.2. And ! e it enacted. That the powers created in the pre- redlng section shail ve« in every corporation that shall bens- i.tter be created, although tbey may not be specified in its charterorintheactunderwhichitshallbeincorporated.tbe markets. Tho Associated Press controlled the wires for a given number rot" wort s—3.000. After the markets were receivedtbeagentbadthese 3000wordsdraggingtheir slow length along, and what was being done in the interval? Theis mysth-al writing was being translated, aud was l>eing spread In different directions to certain appointed agents, who etood at watch over the markets of the country, as tliesickmanstoodwatchingatthepoolofB.tUesila. He would t.ot confound the Associated Press with ItsBesotved. trst, That the stockholders of the AmericanTelegraph Companydeem it inexpedienttotakeanyac- iHHodnktlM,ami»*nmehlnniferasmaybenecessaryforihe to adopt tome resolution as to the policy towould feel relieved of what at present weighs upon them with uncertainty, if nothing eke, if ihis meeting of stockholders would at once adjourn, and leave each party t o t a k e c a r e o f i t s i I f .tioo n lattre to the business for wlikh this meeting has been called, it leg timately bekiaging to the Board of Di- rectors.ins taut despatch i.i press reports; keeping aijeast one wire at alltine»,betweentwelveJ|.andtwoP.M..rallyniannad lad iii^eouaiaitt reiulmesa for the instant transmission of all press re- ports in the order of ibeir deliver}-—we believe that all partiesbe puisued by the Board in reference to the press, and it mi|ht pcrlisps lead to a satisfactory soluti m of the con- troversy, if you wero to select three discreet stockholders, of established reputation, as umpires to decide tbe mat- ters in dispute between the Executive Ccmmilteeand the New York consolidated pro6s.Since the above statement was prepared, a printedpamphlet, dated 22d June, 1860, has been issued, signedMr. HALEsaid that he had come as a representative of the Boston press. 11 was not merely a question of dol- lars and cents that excited their interest, although they were suffering under direct grievances from having bad the band of the telegraph company laid upon them.Brsokvtd. second. That we have full confldeuee in the n«tiic the wires ear be made perfectly sataneil, and that tht!ability and integrity of the Hoard of Directors to manege the business, aad that eqnal justice will be done to the publtr, the press and th« stockhMders.It*. 1ivlngston went on to state th.it, althougli ibe reso- lutions of a large proportion of the stockholders recota- BMadatory to the Ihreeurs ought t > influence a body of Directors, still they bad no legal power; tnorvfore, what- ever Blight be the action of this meeting, it could have M) controlling power on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors were, in fact, the AUanua Telegraph Company for the existing year. He believed that was the law throughout England and the United States. *Affieiiean Telermph Company m ay look forward to a long ca- reer ut prosperity.To •how the reasonableness of ihe furegoina; requests of the press, It may be stated that the press BeiweSh Boston ami Wawhinirton coctrtbti'e annnaUy .il.oai o n e hundred tbous.ukl dollars—* sum imflleient to pay seven per cent upon the whole capital of the American Telesnaph Company, and nearly one htmdn'il p e r ecnt upon tlie capital rerpilred to build a n e w a n d superior Bne between Boston and Wa-shington.The very targe anna which the prena contributes to the suppert nf the telegraph, and the intimate relations which haregrown up between the telegraph and the newspaper businessof the ronntry, seem to entitle the press to an iiuTueuUal positkui iu the control of the wires, which w e trnst will be cheer-fully conceded by the otticera and stockholders of the American press, and its agent, D. II. Craig;and that their sole object not to be expected that they should state everything although tbe Boston press is a regular customer Company. is to perpetuate the monopoly of the news in the tbey were going to do, and how they were going to do it. at tbe rate of 3,000 words a day. They didTrusting that you aad your associates will give our sugges- hands of the association. The undersigned, so far Mr. SMITHproceeded to show from the pamphlet issued not object to the abolition of the commutation price.NEW YORK HERALP, SATURDAY, JTJNE 80, 1860.-TBIPLB SHEET.3a s s .*>*>**•>Inioh thehosine*-*andthe r-atie,and for ous.companythe most favorable resultbetween them. Mr Crncsw'»MM**laiiwiiumstery The ondars4gi.*d he"*M alltimeslieeao^pogEd.sad vigorous contest, tavotviag kiss of dividends aad, thMyetitx]pages,andhbeb«elievedthatthere wnsa false- tll rtmfcc Tb* fen*** and Cbaia- "•••• Tdeetlflr.8 showld apply to all otter classes who ****• toag mt'ssges. If rival organist .ana are i..,rt..e4 ber tf repst** **»*"* ***" fed of Weha*« mmMmmt r*^ ibe t/»i.>^i(»u»t..a nf, news, tf>ey thovld have ert'iallast be bad b<come porfet tly disgusted witb hi* conduct. The Ours called Mr.Field to order. He thought his re-arrived.Mr Brnau spoke te tbe tame fact.Mr. P . IX Fiwn asked had there been any deciaioe of aTU; go'R T ^ J V ^ for th7 antesT*. *»v»y « d * • _•ntoi'iktreh"tho - i ^ ' ^ <* *h.cn war* «'ja*af*d w!Xtiifwr>-«<fttJ<w*r«bearingfo»**at,ftb«tJtetobe>.wmr*.itathea.*««•ot theact.ofttfc M i ^ c o n i M d H i W»«III**W itmny **e*ru to •been*andeaton* tata lawof theatata.fir*- ot •*«'*• "'rfflnlyat.ntW'b* left to their wre**rtcrpr*mta lb* treaty coa-taded belsrserpriv.kgv* •« fa* u * of tb* tines, end the MBccrswor tailli-e urtiri sgaed are * e 1 aware that these predictions v lii tc r.o,cu!t*d by Ui* majority of the Board, and yon % !l he r<mndni that the press cannot rfv* it* business to tb« K«W in* wiihont katlng its connect ton with themark? were a littkt toe personal. _Mr. CYST* W. Fnw> believed that the r>ssidont iavlvonatjBcd tato aa expression of want cfin she flsntUry, h* weald ha varyof haviig an amicable arrangement with puts, bat net with Urn agent af the areas.i any by tie ri»p ct known as the six party contract, statements which'some of the gentlemen who siguea Mr. D. P. Fsm—Then it is not true that the company call of tbe stockholder*, Jbere would have been no diffi- if IMSs»rrij.act ctntld b<i rnfiwecd. or mad,, permanent it knew were J not true For tn«tanee, it was b|ve bad to ray ik Tbey have chosen to pay the money ralfy. He dm set want, however, to ha seared tatoi curt for the payment of these dantageafi-nd »bi IT.st'thf'Ut retying Bp»*i toe coutrtaay for mUrcu- other South*ia, Weturn aad Xoriaern lints, v-hich arc s-gned, under exsltestcnt. a pnmpblet, of w»e con- Mr. ttotnix replied that there had net, but there fa.th was strong that lfUiC committee appo ated^ioutHiaa^d. striu-'dd iiaptttuU .-unto- b, ing thus <!• .-,'t beend to •*< ITS.vc cwacotton with the American Com- tent* ef which l e knew nothing: and it cmtawn-d wonld have been.««it t»; i.;al *iti».s, 't has a;"peisrc«t to the umavrrigusd (BBw«r - •!1a w « 8 M in the extreme lo tnmr»"r milvr*.«JJ*-*.-•-«'»•*ofrates,«•"»l*>og*«tlse.-tggregatjre-rr-nijabie\.a!li{t'efoiicetotheAuuricmCompany, hadraisedthetariffofpricesfour,hundredperceut. tveiaryluj,o^,.an«jov^ru^m i^y„,„thathewas'de-IMHS ail o i.; , i-i ...'•, it 'vo.il.'. certainly be aa 1m- there stated that the Newfoundland Company *r**^etockholdeis without a partkSo. of right. Ibe , ee-term*. MrT>.IVFmrnwo»Mins**'*>Ber-'nMBmseifaa•-hair man of ihe committee to negettate with th* press Mr.HKWITTsaidit.vouietbequiteacceptable,it'tbe committee were to coosart of tlj-oe directors. Tho Brass wsnted a vontrsct in wTittag defining their prvfleg**IbeydidnotwastaflythtagMnreasenahieMr IWM« desired te know whether tbe prnav would a*a>be salisued to have a contract bated span th* general ran sfMr.HKWITTrepliedthatthevwcnMhe.buttbeywant- e d t e k n o w t h a t t b e p r i c e s w e r e n e t t o b e r s ' s s d <m t a n a s sad that there should be an btwidity inasiteated dgataat theirinterest*ttrainrd to dotard the American Company a n l take inMr. D. V. FIBXDwould like to ask whether Mr. Living- tions immediate consideration, aud that you w111 favor us with from having any such design, will i.e glad to by the Executive Committee, that all the cause of com- But coupling witb that a rate twice as much as theston held that the Legislature of a State, or that Congress, had power to make constituticcs. If not, neither had the Directorsthepowertomakeby-laws. Theanalogywas netatallperfect unless therewasa speciallawofNew Jersey making the Directors the masters and the corpo- ralus the st ryams.Mr 1iMMi*T,»—The idea of the gentleman is, that the peoplehavearighttomaketheconstitution,whilethe Leglslatarehavearighttomakethelaws. WeagreeIn thai. Wehaveaconstitution. Weareactingunderoar charter, and 1 suppose that that is our constitution. W e are acting order bylaws authorised to be made by Virtue of the charter.Mr.' D. a riKtn suggested that the charter did cot authorise the Directors to make by-laws.respect! ully,J WATSON WBBB, Courier and Enquirer.J AXES UOKDON BENNKTT. New York Herald. HORACEGBEKLEYkCO..NewYorkTribune. RAYXOND, WBSLBY A CO., New York Times. J.*E.BROOKS,NewYorkExpress.X. 8. BEACH. New York Sun.•HAM.OCK, HAI.K A HALLOCK, Journal of Commerce. •JAMES R. SP AULMNG A A . CVMXINOS, The World.W C. BRY ANT A CO., Evening Post. FRANCISHAU„CommercialAdvertiser. CHARLESHALEACHAS.F.DUNBAR,BostonDailyAd-vertiser.REALS. GREEN A CO., Boston BoatJOHN i LARK A CO., Boston Courier.HENRY W . DUTTON A SON, Boston Evening Transcript. E. C. BAILEY. Boston Herald.BEE PRINTING COMPANY, Proprietors Boston Daily At-and evening.come to complain of that. But they were afraid they were not going to have fair play from this company, and therefore tbeywereledtothinkthattheyhadtoturnMr. Hkwirr asked whether that rate of one millper round and see what they could do for themselves. There wordwasnotmade outbydividing thecost ofames- wereother gentlemen whowere readyand willingto sage hy the number of papers that received it. establish lines, if the press wonld only promise them themorning that he would call into his office and tell him he wantedatelegraphcompany,hewonldguaranteethat thestockwouldbesubscribedforinBostonbeforetwo o'clockthatafternoon.Mr. Gxxss, of Massachusetts, asked whether it would be satisfactory to the Boston press to have tbe same rates charged as is charged to private individuals.Mr. Him replied that that would have been satisfacto- ry the day before yesterday, hut after the eft^rts that bad been made to stifle discussion tbey wonld have some distrust of such a proposition.as possible.The PKSEUXXT—Tee. Mr.KENDALLwithdrewhismotiontoadjourn.The question was taken on Mr. Green's substitute,andilwasunanimouslyadopted.The meeting then adjourned tine dtV, having been nsession for five and a half hours.Pnrtinl Dettxuctiom of the Academy of Mmsir.IBE ROOF BLOWM DOWK BT A SCDDEN 6CST Or WINE—SIX PERSONS INJURED—TWO PROBABLY Ht-TALLY.About twenty minute* after five o'cloca yesterday af ternoon a terrible accident occurred at tbe Brook'yn Academy of Music, situated on Montague place, near Court street, by which six men were injured—two sns-which have constrained them to take this step.When, b y prudent counsels a n d mutual concessions,it thru -few-months only; that he was unable to come to any intelligent conclusion in regard t o i t ; that h e must have confidence in the Executive Committee, who had devoted many years of patient attention to the subject; that its policy was a mystery, but it will all come outmeeting of the Beard ef Directors, to make a propostion.which ne desired to make after having an interview withsome members cf tbe press but he wns refused a hear-ing. He held that the true way was to appoint a commit-tee of lair men, itidotiendent of the Evecutive Committee,to meet tlie preps and to settle this mutter. In his opi- Mr HTwnvlavi rend a letter from the nil tubers of theMr. Rravnx suggested that Mr. Field bad sold his stock before the Executive Committee was In existence.Mr KKMMU. did not think there was any desire on ther wart of the directors te tains* tho mtensst* ef the press. The undersigned do not make this statement to alarm Mr. Cvsrs W. Fmu., (excitedly.)—and yon know th > stated the fact from the printed statement that the con- Ae wa evidence of th* ajwc-i.ee of hostility to lb* NesstheBtorkhoidors,ortofomentopposition. Theyandtheir relatives and personal friends have too much atstake in the company to permit them to trifle with inte-rests so large snd duties so grave. They desire to avert tive Committee. If the pamphlet contained such egregious of Nova Scotia, which deprived every one else of that tit*paHa for Ui. half *any stockholder to see an amxmble arrangement.Mr. Bern would read a resolution which be def ir*d toiffer. Itwasaefollows:—Wbcreae. t b e director* w h o caRei t h e stockholders*meetieg bsve so explained their iiHjjre in calling Has to reft, ct i.o censure on tbc conrfe to ajQust a general tarif ofrates;'beref.ee,R< «oh < d. That any action Ihis meeting may take te af- fect an amicable arrange meat with th* press, either by raising a new committee or otberwsw, shall not be con- strmd as implying any ©ensure on the Irst named com- mittee'•' Hi* object in offering it wa* to absolve the committee on adjedteatlng rates from any censure whatever.Mr. IlKwnT was quite willing to have that resclutlcB attached to bis. He would accept it as a preamble.Mr. TA P . Fnstn said 0 * t if that resolution were at- snd Executive Committee, or they may, if they see lit, directors? ILcy wi re determined to put a stop to it; and if the Asso taehedtothe resolution apiioiiiting a committee to takethe directors, and confide its settlement and management3. That lh# AinerV^tn Telegraph Company sh siitd now to a special ollicer or committee,or deckle by bylaw In what Mr. HINT suggested that if Mr. Smith bad read the do-manner the tariff shall be adjusted, or any other matter of business determined.lnvi sted with such large powers and discretion as thestockholders are by law, tbe undersigned would havebeen recreant to their duty us your trustees if they had Fxecutive Committee had no very good means of under- neglected to summon you tog«ther to consider what |>oli- standing what the Executive Committee were about. cy shall be adopted in reference to questions which, in Tbey were tot very ready to give information. Hetheir judgment, are of vital consequence to the futuretake this course or not, it will be advisablenated. Tlie gentlemen who manage tbe AssociatedPress bad slated to him that tbey regardedthece things as the beginning of a warfare upon them;rn.il that statement they had followed up by tlie totterwhich bad been received. That letter evidently expressedas wide a breach between the two as could possibly begot u p . They demanded certain things which h e w a sfrank to ray were perfectly inadmissible; but If tbey didrot get them or a contract to last five or ten years, theywould be compelled to build an opposition line. Under He wished it observed that on the statement of the pam- thatstateoffartsameetingoftbeshareholderswascalled, phlettherehadboonariseofmorethan 100p»orcentonMr. P. D. FiKtn repeated the suggestion that members of the Associated Press were present ready to explain.the trr&t section of the charter, the corporators thcrinnamed, "and such other persons as may hereafter be orbecome stockholders in the manner hereinafter providedfor, shall be and are hereby ordained, constituted and de-clared to be a corporation'' No power is given to thodirectors lo make bylaws, but by the general law this Mr. Sunn said he ronld not find any of the directors three and four hours ahead of those all o*i*r' lower is expressly given to the corporation. The stock- who could tell what'the trouble was. tbe country; and this had been goieg on for the last ten<h. i.ji ..j.n'y ".) -11 •s i.-.uth <".f Washineion—that is. fuJl ratesf"r the f*r«! imcfer;iHiiv«t»ijrd-; two-thinls rales for ii»o nextfour Luudr-Ml »..i4»..i' ;. ^s; ..o» lialf rate* for the next livehii^firwi ivniin 'ir le««, awl .....•-tt.m' af lull rates for all wontsu'.tr oi.e -I.O!I»:LI i. Pi-ess messages to he counted ciiiihiui.im. holders can define the powers and duties of the President Mr. P . P , FniLn—Does no one know nothing but the years. Gentlemen could not fail to know that It was so. Ty ft 'ii ii, Hiih.f 1"! sw >.. eto.!t P. M., and f^aln from two P.Mr. SMITH—I will give way to any one of the directors. Are you a directorl"The news wus thus held np till the agent or the Asso- ciated Pnss was willing to say to Cine***'i. New Or- leans and Boston, "Y ou may let that new* out, which contains the 3,000 words, and we will telegraph you tryj markets." There were merchantsoperating quietly for]Mr. D. P. Fnan—I am not—Heaven forbid !A STOCKtun I>KK (with miction)—Amen to that!cument iiresentei by Br. Hewitt, be would there have Seen what the difficulties were.therefore did not si eak with that full knowledge of theMr. HKWTIT wdtild state it with great pleasure. They must understand that tbe directors wlio were not on thefacts that be ought to have. B e did not consider it goodHow yon will deal with the matter the undersigned do tnsfe to deny tb* directors information. The first diffi- allow the charge to be proved, but it never bad beenarrangement with that pries was disturbed and brokenPress, any desire to Interfere with tbe management of the company, but thev wanted a definite and well understood arrangement by which they would be protected from thetip-Mr. SMITH—State in what way.Mr. HKWITT—There was a new tariff of charges estab- h<stile action of the Executive Committee. Ihere werecapitalists in this city wailing only to be told that tbey mittee had given notice to the New York Associated would have the bussiuess of tlie press, to lay as manylished. Ihe second point was, that the Executive Com-Press that their arrangement for tbe receipt of foreign lines as tbey could use. His own opinion was that the press of tbe city would lie perfectly content, sndby /onus Barnum, 11. O. Aldcn, and R. W. Russell, Ex-ecutive Committee. A careful perusal of this document, in order to decide whether the Company should persist the old prices charged to the Boston press. Tbeflgut•s tra.t witb the Associated Press on the basis of th* com-in making these changes or would let well enough alone. Mr. CYRVSW. FIELDpropesed that tlie Executive Com- as its personal allusions to them are concerned calls for,,) mittee should state what policy they intended to pur-arrived at by the Executive Committee were arrived at by dividing the sum paid for a message by the number of papers to which it was supplied. There would be as much reason in dividing it among the readers of tlie newspapers. The Boston prcsf now have to pay nearly twice as much as is paid for ordinary business messages,pany'--scale ofeliages.The SFr-RvrtRY suggested that the words • other thanthe Executive Committee'' should he omitted.Mr. P . P . FIELD—That is an essential part. Mr.O'Hxasfortbesake of barmomvwould modify hisresolution as reeneated, sad wcuW oflhvites a substi- tute for the whoie.Mr. D. P . FntLD—Of course it is the understanding thai no change shall be made in the meantime.The S'KCSET I«T and errmms—Certainly, sir.which abounds in misstatement*, has only confirmed the opinions above expressed by the undersigned, and so farno reply, except to deny emphatically the general charge which pervades this singular production, that the under signed are the mere tools of the New York associatedsue.Mr. Rt SSKIX, the Secretary, replied that the ExecutiveCommittee would state thai at tlie proper time. It wasa reply on Tuesday, the Sth of June next, w e remain, very offer all possible facilities for competition, aud believe plaint which the New York press had was that tbey bad busHoess public pay was unfair. However, he did not Mr. P D. Fixm—And that tbc committee report a* teealas and Bee, and Boston Evening Atlas.CHARLES O. ROGERS,BosionJoiu ual.WORTHINGTON, FLANDERS A CO, Boston Traveler. •Excepting the words "opening the lines od Sunday morningABRAM D HEWITT Mr. CYRCS W. FIELD offered the following resolution as an amendment to tbe amendment oflered by Mr. Hewitt:—As to the propriety sad reasonableness of this letter there is considerable difference of opinion. If the Tele- graph Company were to demand of the editors the rightWhat, h e asked, was the position of the American Tele- graph Company r They bad a capital of $1,535,000, in- cluding a few shares of the old companies not yet trans- ferred. Their total receipts from the date of tho consoli- dation—tbe 1st of November. 1869—to the 1st of Februa-Telegraph Company was to make money.Mr. P . P . KiEin inquired whether any message receivednow three out of the twelve directors whose views corre- spond with the views of the newspaper press; and, there- fore, if the demand of the Associated Press to have five directors selected b y them were assented t o , then there would be eight directors in their favor to four who were in favor of the opposite course of policy. He now found, however, that there was no desire on the part of the press to deal unfairly witb the company. Tliey would not i*i sist in that demand. He was glad that this discussion had taken place. There had been one unfor- tunate display made, but not so much aa he expected. HeThe building has been in process of erection for some months, having been commenced tact October. With n about three weeks tbe workmen have been engaged n preparing tbe roof beams, and raising them to their posi- tion. The structure i s about t w o hundred feet long, b y about eighty five feet deep. The roof is termed a- King and Queen truss roof," with nine trusses extending acre -s It. These were raised, with tie beams attached at the Seles and top^ Apparently the structure was secure, and tbe work of completing tbe roof was being rapidly pushedhonorable tb all the parties concerned, the consolidationof the several companies which controlled the seaboardUses of telegraph between Main and Louisiana was eflbct-ed, under the general charter, which create 1 the present right: and that in six months he woull voluntarily comeAmerican Telegraph Oumpany, It seemed that its anaus to the committee and assure them that they were ri.-utmass placed on a basis of enduring prosperity, which, and ho was wrong, and thank them for having taken such settle it. with proper management, aa adverse circumstances good care of the interests of himself and bis friends.MrP.P FTSTII:i^k«-dwhetherIherehadbeenanyBoard thedirectors. Ihelepreeentr.tivesofthepresstookbackcould disturd). This consolidation could never have been Though they declined to impart their views to Mr Hewitt. •fleeted b t \ from the general conviction m the Mr. Russell stated that he had fully explained them to minds of \the proprietors of the lines, and Mr.V.O.J Smith,whowassodelightedwith themthat of the pnh)c. by whose business the Hues were h«- was ready to exchange bis bonds for stock.menced was beiieved in the compnnymeet a determined opposition from newGentlemen might say that thet were i, pi csent Inwould lines.faithfully li\fe4 up to Were the widows and orphans whom he represented to have their interests sactifiecd to an ill feeling betwen directors and outside parties ? He thorght that a committee should be selected from the bod.', of the .-lockhoiuers lo confer witb the represcnta- live's of the press, snd niAc an arrapgemen that would beetuiifhsatisfactory. Tbiscompanyshouldnotenterconsiderable difficulty, he was reached and extricated. He was identified hy his companions as Mr. elevell, a stone mason, residisg at 50 Carl! ktre* t. One of bissnkles was fonnd to be dislocated, and his body attach brcsed.John C. Simpson, master rigger, residing in Kew Vork, wss next found under tbe debris is tbe ceiiar H* ha* sustained a compound fracture of th* skull and sevre internalinjuries,whichwillprobablyprovefatal.He, that tb* great saving in the expense of operat- I maintaining them under oae management, would the united companv to oHbr to the public greaterThe undersigned regret that they cannot lay before the stockholders a more explicit statement of the views of the Executive Committee, bot they console themselves with the compliment to their intelligence, and with the bop* thattheExecutiveCommitteewillcondescendtocxpUuithe purposed iccouraging or piovokiug opposition. Hequestioned no man's motives. But .f tbe figures spreadout by Mr Cyns W. Field, as to the profits of the crmsoU-dated'etmpany were allowed to go out unaccompanied by•acuities In the transmission of intelligence, aad in the eoorseoftimeatredweedrates.Theresultsthusfarhavebeen sooh as to justify the reasonable expectations of the to tho stockholders what they deny n a director.semeantedotetheywouldhavecapitalistsofallgradescoming from all i*rts of the country to build up tele- the 1uilace:)>hla press, and ihr> e by the New York press. into private qourrels. It was net its business t> strive was conveyed to the gurgkal institute in Washingtonst the present rats, business woaul. probeblv. - " ^ valasnatnre which does not require any'' attention of the stockholders is no the conditionmeetsasarms has bee* <• sawala m m esseer*." Thsy have abo.adequate to toe thority for the past action, more than the mere naked tek?gr*jhng matters to me, iu whom they h.-l toafidenee. of rates *tncn the orgeaiatioa of tbe American TeArgraph ante. I $360,800 It iam a a d a o a . To >th«svalueistheohvhmsloterestof.everysuxkhe business has charter. He Sfprehiended they would be alow to pass They use,: onJy a single mind for it- outside purposes. Company. Mr. Swam and hlmeelf were added to the fx- One of tbc most remarkable escapes west that of a horse»«beea awesaisie t* the proprtoty sf corrsctmg siamU J**ats. and iatrodnciag system aad regularity into usew a aadthe linesthe tmesesstoaf Bostonthe i-ompai.v was core.pU.ined of for bavjag said thut uwas the policy of tb* Americas Te>.irraph Coropafcv tobreak up the Associated Prese of New York. It was attaeowasaat with bim that (bat asaociation sho .id be depnved of so ranch of its power as gave it the monopoK-tf the foreign aitcUigcMc. Th* caBtraet with theA*xs rending the report of the rnaamHtee, h e awn two others.ssaf hasmtss TheyS^*Bs)ss«*tt»sm^.thBlaM aasdfat refers** oa« be J Island debt rearoaeam' the lines between Breton andtween Mr. Craig and the company. It was through the influence of a had man that all Oils dnWolty sprung op It was he ami he alone who made all the trouble.aayoaecatsaarele«ihaa Iagainedas,thecapitalofthecompany mayheregardeddirectors, asked for a call of the etcekholders.tjc hadofItisofaaaysuchvote.of doubtorBcensurnonthedirectors. Therew»snotroubleaboutprio withtheA-sod^ted ccntiveCcmmitteetoestablishandarrangerates,and thatwasemployedto.thecellarneatthestagepsrtitioa, From the casual reading of Mr. Hewitt's speech it seemed Pres« of New York. No difficulty but tbtt. What was they were te repast on the SStl* of this month. Wnile for tbe purpose of operating a drnm wmdiass which there were one or two proposkjaas ia it which look s the difficulty!. It wa* th!-: The very ex^ne* of tie tbey were prcfnriag to a a in (hi* matter, there came otlt used to elevate th* beam* to the roof The " *that tbc contract with tho stockholders of the MagneticCompany should be promptly and fully complied with. In ordertodothis,however,itisneitherpoliticnorneces-sary to engage in a warfare witb the present association, andforcethemtobuildarivallinefor theirownprotec-tion against the unwise policy of the Executive Committee. The only object of the undersigned is to save thecompany from plunging headlong into the abyss whichtbeExecutiveCommittee appeartobepreparingforit, andtofreethemselvesfromtheresposlhtttty andodium whichwillinevitablyfallupontheauthorsoftheruinof numberofnewspaperreaders.a now prosperous corporation.WTLSON G. HTJBT. CYRUS W. FIELD.Mr. SMITH repeated that the average cost of messages sent from Washington to the Associated Press was at the rate of one mill per word, while other parties paid five cents per word. ,Mr. P . D. Fram—-Then the object is to prevent combi- nation between different persons who take tbe same news.Mr. UvrjiOKiuN understood that it did. They had by-laws, and those must continue the by laws till they arerepealed. His opinion as to corporators was that theyonly had the power to instrust the Directors, aad theDirectors might or might not obey such instructions.If the Board of Directors did anything as a malversationin office, whether they were Instructed or not, the law to manage the newspapers, upon the ground that thowould control them. If he were a member of the Board stockholders, officers and servants of the Company buy aof Directors, and were Instructed by a large proportion of large number of copies daily, the demand would certain-the stockholders to do an act which he was unwilling to do ly not be listened to. The stockholders of the Telegraph ry, 1860, was $251.636 20. For the next three monthsho •boutd resign. He would not disobey the Company will, in all human probability, deem it their their receipts were $233,768 78. leaving their receipts forstockholders, but he would dispose of his stock right and duty, under all circumstances, to control and the first six months theyWere in existence, $486,395 05.and resign. He thought that the questions which manage their own property, under such reasonable regu- The net profits ss given to him by tbe Assisted Treasurer press was the great patron of the telegraph, still itthey were called upon to discuss, were u.a<-elkms of detail lations as their duty to the public demands and their own of the company, were, for the first three months, $52,487 was the great curse of the telegraph. The press andrequiring a long acquaintance with the matters of tho interest* dictate. 71, and for the second three months they had increased telegiaph combined were a great blessing to the country,corporation, to be well and properly adjusted. He The main point in the letter calling for consideration to $70,948 87, making the net profits for the first six but still tbc press had been always, and probably would thought it probable that a direct conference with the AsResolved, That the present tariff of charges to tb press or public shall not be increased without the con- sent of the shareholders, expressed at a legal meeting called for that purpose.Mr. LIVINGSTON wished to explain a misapprehensionof tbe press was to make money, snd the object of the ss to his motion of adjournment yesterday. There were tsinicg wounds which will undoubtedly prove fatal.therefore regarded it as inexpedient for the meeting ia the present connection is the fact that between, the re • months $129,436 68 Estimate the same profits for the always be. a great curfe to the telegraph, because the sceialed Press would result in a contract beneficial toto pass resolutions that would control the a*tion of t(sn- .!•!• managers of the Company and the Press there other six months of the year, and their annual profit press got and distributed all the intelligence which, if both the press and the company. Tbis discusrIon hadthe Board of Directors, who had been entrusted with their is a difference of opinion leading to objectionable de- would be over $246,800, less tlie interest on bonds to tbe not disseminated in that way, merchants and politicians, done gieat harm to the American Telegraph Company. forward. Every care had been taken in the cerjstmcticnpower from the fun contidence of the stockholders in their integrity and ability. He believed that upwards of one fourth of the whole stock of the (Xxnpany was owned by nine of the twelve Directors. He was, therefore, unwil- ling to interfere with them in questions of detail.mands. amount of $11,020. lea vim; the net profits over and above ar.d others, would have to get for themselves., He under- The undersigned, desirous to allay the excitement, have all expenses at $236,781 10 A dividend of fifteen stood that the Bew York press was alarmed!* AlarmedBut now regrets were useless. He should like to see co- of the building to make it as firm and substantial as pos- operation between themselves and their customers. But sible.O v e r a a h o u r w a s c o n s u m e d i n t h e d i s c u s s i o n o f t h i s p o i n thy Mr. a D. Field, Mr. Russell, the Secretary, and Mr F .O" J. ?mith. Aa it was a matter of legal construction and present Executive Committee, they were on the point of owe) la which the company M alone concerned, a report closing a contract with responsible parties for the con- of the discussion on that point would not be likely to struction of this new line. At the urgent solicitation of stove very interesting We therefore omit it. the undersigned, they agreed to defer final action untilT h r u c o t t a l l y d i v i d e d b e t w e e n t h e t w o . l i n e s w o u l d l e a v e t o h e . h e i t i d a n t b e l i e v e i h e r e w a s o n e j w p e r c o r r u p t to each $485,396 05. Tbe annual expenses of the American enough to gomeforc the public and avow what theyTelegraph Company were $735,008 94 leaving a loss to the avowed in the propositions which they made to the corpo- company of $249,613 89, instead of a net profit of $236,781 i it ion. a s to she Breton press, their grievance was thattaken occasion to confer with the members of the NewYork Associated Press, who assure them that they reallydesire nothing unreasonable, but that they want their than fifteen per cent over and above expenses. guillotine to cut their beads off. ' It reminded position defined, and a contract for a term of years, as to What would be their pes tlon if there was a compel ing line him of the circumstance of a young man, one ofMr. D. D. Putin proceeded to argue as a preliminaryanestion, and argued at considerable length to show that their business, which will not leave them at the daily built? Every fair minded man would admit that such a New York's s«n*. being hanged at the yard arm of a the Directors who bad established the by laws had no mercy of the company and its committees. They also line, having all the press business and all the aid which national ship "because be looked as if lie wanted to join such power conferred upon them, and moved that a cam•sittec be appointedft>coueutt counsel on the subject, andIfthepowertomakebylawswasvettedmthe wi^an.sera, to report a set of byJlaws for tho government oitheecsnpsay.r cent on the full capital of the comimny woulde $230250, so that they were earning more 17At the time oftthc accident there were twenty.flv* men engaged upon tbe roof of the building. A sudden gust a wind, accompanied with some rain, passed over t h a part of the city about tbe time, and the wind striking tbe western girder or tens* acatta tail against the next owe. and that falling upon the other seven of tbem Ml Into tbebuilding,carrying withthemseventeenofthework- men. Theremainderoftbemenwereleft upontbe w a l l s , o n e o f t b e m b e i n g c a u g h t u p o n t h e t o p b y t h e eighth girder, which fell so ae to hold bim upon the wail byitsweight. Aboywhowascaughtuponthewallwas also injured by the ninth beam.The crash of tbe falling roof was heard for some d s tacee. and many attributed it to the eiJrct of a peal of thunder. The fact roen became apparent in tb* vtemty that a serious accident had occurred. and hundreds rashassure the undersigned that unless Iheir relations to the th'e, press could lend if, would get at least bslf the re- the mutineers. They hung him for his looks, and so theycompany are so delined,ahey will be compelled to secureth».-onstructionofanoppositionlinebetweenBostonAwdWashington, by pledging tt to duu i«*in«««i«*k»whichwillbesothcienttosustainit. Asamatteroffact. present(<=nmin«-rtre*eiptsoftheironeline—$970,79010. didnotthinkitJest. Corruptassomethoughtthepress t h e y f u r t h e r s t a t e d , t h a t b e i n g s a t i s f i e d o f t h e i m p o s - 'sibiltty of their being able to come to terms with theIhey could serve the press better than a rival line could, Mr. Rrwrrr oSered a resolution that Amos Kendall, alter, this meeting of stockholders, which the undersigned and the press did not want a rival line. When this busipint of a uiiil i«r word to two fifteenth parts of a mill. Mr. Cvius W. FIELD—The increase was upwards of onefor anything they would have to wait a longtime. 1ht press were perfect y well satisfied that they would have to take care of themselves. They would be utterlyJames Freelaad aad Korace Ualpin be appointed a com- mittee to take into consideration the differences between the newspaper press sad the American Telegraph Com rty, aad to report what arrangements ongbt to be madeorder to adjust the same. In support of the resolution hereadthefollowing statement, preparedbyMr.Cyras W. FleM, Mr. Hunt and himself —undertook to convene. ness was referred to the Executive Committee he told the Having ascvrUtined tbc vkwa of the New York Asso- directors it was idle so to refer it. and suggested that itlii'i.'dred per cent.Mr. 5>mn—Aad if tt w»s five hundred per cent it would untrue to their own Interests if they were to sccept anyciated Press, one of the undersigned (Mr. Hewitt) bad aa interview with Mr Russell and Mr. Aldcn, a majority of the Executive Committee, at which Mr. Morris, the treasurer,waspresent. Sofarashewasable,Mr.liewitt represented the above state of facts, as they appeared toShould be referred to a special committee of five, to con Mst of Mr. Kendall, Mr Swan. Mr. Barnum, Mr. Hunt and another. « 8 e told them that if the matter was referred to that committee he would guarantee there would be no trouble, but Mr. Russell (the Secretary) said "No." If the shareholders would appoint a dis- creet Ci'mmittee, independent of the Executivenot (....nie tip toarhat individuals j«y for their messages. Mr HATF—IheBoston t>*|iers i«y twice as muchperwri: as private individuals Mr.SMITH—Wasdealingwuhthefacts setoutbythediieotO!* in ilieir i»rrpl.jet.Mr. P. P. FIEIP—By tbe Executive Committee, if youplease. LetthatbedistinctlyunderstoodIhe PKESIDSBT remarked that the proceedings ofproposition as to prices while tbc declaration of the Executivc Committee stood that they were determined" to use ed to tbe rescue. Drill r«erg**iit Altee, of the PoliceThe undersigned, having concurred In thpnecessity of him, full of danger to the company .and he inquired whatcalling a special meeting of thesbarfQnhiers ofthe thepolicyofthe companywould bounderthecircumAmerican Telegraph Company, deeni/it incumbent on stances. He was told substantially that he was very ig- Commit'ee, the whole matter could be settled. thesa to stake a brief statement of/the circumstances norant of the telegraph business, having paid attention to He bad gene yesterday and this morning to attend the:l.e Exe< uttve Onimittee were always submitted lo ttie Coard of Djrectots and ratified by themthe power of the company to build up rival association:?. ThatwasadiclaraticnwhichIce"didnotthinkthepress ought to be asked to submit to.Kr. Eice^ was entirely satisfied that there never had l»eenanynecessityfortheattitude betweentheAsso.iat ed Prt.-s and the Telegraph Company. Tlie pamphlets that had been issued had caused mest of the trouble. Mr. Craig's lauipldti hud been repudiated by the minority offorce, was i«F*lng near the buildirgat tbe time and upco proceedingtothescene,perceivedaselderlygentleman lying beneath the debrht, just inside tbe central entrance of the building. Assistai<e was procured to extr cate bim,anduponexaminationitwasfoundthat cueoftie tie beams bad fallen upon one of his legs in such a man- ner as to crush it fearfully. By the aid of some citizens Mr. Alien was enabled to extricate fcim from beneath the rums, when he was identified as Mr. Luther I' Wyman, one of the most active directors of the building, and who has devoted much of his time and energies to its projec tien. His injuries were very srioo*, and. tbongh not ne cessarily fatal, still will centae bun to hi* bouse for some time.ceipts. There might be more telegraphing done, but" at reducedrates,andthereforehedidnotbelievetheaggre- *ate iMeipts of both lines would be more than thewere going to hang t"h<i-e directors because the^press say theylookasifthey wereproingtodosomething awfui- He wt.s not prepared for tbnt summary eitecrmon. Henion the Executive Committee and Mr. Craig could neverN'ew York press, and he would i all attention to the propo- sition in :t. Indeed, he expected that before the meeting closed son,, ou* wiatld get up and »taie that tiie~e learned editors withdrew tbe v hole •I what ihey demanded bc- • au>e of thai increase of price on tie- one ride, and tliat souintitiji at a » itemise >>u the other.Hire there was :.u inter! option of proceedings, cau.-ed i»y tLe music Of the militaty escorting the Japanese Em- bn-M to Ihe NJlgura.Mr. Smith Hpscmet?—He considered it most anreasona- ble for the press to demand that five directors should be elected,onetobedesignatedbytbeBostonpress,onebyMr. F.0.J.Fi'rtH thoLgUt that if onehalf of the encouragement offered here s!nce the meeting enm-The cries cf a wounded man were heard proceedingThese directors would have laterest a hundred fold grea- and hi eak up monopolies with which it had nothing to do.fries aa of ceaaotidottoa. The earnings of the eoev H the Executive Committee are sustained by the sbare- graphic lines in opposition lo theirs. He did not wish ter on the side of the press than on the side of the tele- Mr. Craig, on the one hand, belligerent and pugnacious as street.paay, eves before the full etfbct of closing hoiders the construction of an opposition line between these figures to pass unqualified and uncontradicted. The graph company. Iheie would be no occasion for any he always is. and the Secretary of the company ou th* John Kenneday, a laborer, residing in Warren str>-1, rival esasas aad discharging rival operator Boston and Washington appears to the undersigned to be public ought not to be left with this hallucination resting vote ot eonudfece in the directors becat.-c tbey had re- eihtr bund, between whom and Mr. Craig there Is not the fell the entire distance from Ihe top of th* wall to tb* and Bursals a> kit, have enabled tho directors inevitable. Weareawarethatyouwillbetold thatthe on their miuds. Had gentlemen who talk about sisted such.an Odious nud absurd i>roj>i=ition. bestcffeeling,shouldnotbeallowedtobreakcptlieun- sidewalk, butsustained ecmparativety slight :tyrt. to make quarterly dividends of' three per cent, besides American Telegraph Company own the Morse, Hughes the tnermous profits of telegraphic companies The next demsnd would be for the Boston derstanding between the press and the company He He was enabled to walk to his residence.mytogby a ceawideraHe amennt for the construction of snd House patents; that you have exclusive right* of way wbih may be te^day. and tomorrow vanish, ever pries that pnbUsbed evening papers that the Te would engaest as negtialors on the part of tbe company, Jeremiah Morria,residing is Portlandavenue,w«s caught aad the dssaaarge of the debt incurred ia buy- along railroads, aad contracts for exclusive coaaectiuos thought of'the difference between tb* expenditures nee-:? ie^iaph tommay would give them th? sole control Mr. Kendall, Mr. *A\ lug-ton and Mr. Green. upon the top of the wall by the fsBtag of the «ig£tb i interest sf Mr. V. O. J. Smith in the tiaesaad w.th the other telegraph line* of this Continent and tb* <ary to maintain one of these little delicate, -tremulous of Ibe w;:«§ every day till one or two o'clock. V.: Kui'i:!, explained his views. Mr. Field bad' girder or trass. Hi* chest wns rnamad, and be probablyI"sder suca circumstances, and with a prnct> tmdi rsigned folly appreciate the value of these points aad lines over which the lightning passes, aad that necessary Thev dvira;.#«l that, ana had always demanded it- itaf-ti the enormous profits made by the Magretic Tele sustained internal injuries, which will prove tami. Hewry of the business of the seaboard, the most the ttrength which ibe company derives from the as- to vsiutam the ponderous machinery of railroads ? Sixty Ihe't'nion lit*, which has been always much abused, graidi Company. Now, be knew that the receipts of thatvaluable in the country, it is remarkable that the stock si loons labors of many years to entrench themselvei pet cent of the aggregate receipts is a very large and ex U&d a gte.il deal of difficulty with tbe press, aad, finally, uiiiiaDy between Washington and New York were not •f the cwopaay baa steadily sost below par, aad at the trai of the causes of the Wthe capitalists ware•f the ceeapasy could be mtthost prospect evca of af the stock ought htis arrested, sad ascsamlna oat prevent the construct too of the Hnghes lines, that ly censure the Board of Directors, nor avow a wantlapertsoa mvited. some new method of operating the Bass wttl he flmnd, or of confidence In the Executive Committe of three.some old method not covers* by these patents will be Bat it struck directly at the foundation of all their pro- that the earnings SBJSHSW.BS wu« UKagainst all enemies. It is safe to assume, however, ivacantexptaditureforrailroads,whiletheexpenditures fox msuy year! bad no patronage from the j>res». It had equal to ihiii expenses The profits which they did makethat a route can he secured between Boston sad for' t<icgrarhs are eighty-five per cent of their a_ggreg. ate often been sail that the Union Telegraph Company were were made on tbe Ike between Washington and tbc South,Washington; and in view of the fact that the existence of receipts. The time bad"not T*\ arrived for telegraph men always begging tor the work: but their plan really was,to where there was no competitioa- Mr. Field had alsothe Morse patent did not prevent the construction of therate of dlvlsends, the attention of Boose tine*, and the existence of hath these patent* did moualy great. The resolution offered here did not direct-time a duteolt of sale swept at agreatsscnace, is costrasted with the market value of theto pay at the rate of one mill per word for despatches from Washington, while tbe merchants, and politicians andcitizensgenerallybadtopayfivecentsperword.Mr. SMITH referred him to the pamphlet itself. He business. A gentleman In Boston had told htm that anythought tbe statement a very lucid one. Mr.HAIL,ofBoston,remarkedthatonthesameprin-cipletheymightdividethecostofamessagebytheMr. SMITHdid got care what the object was. The objectby the press paw lessthan a similar message received by another person?Mr. SMITHdid not know anything about that.Mr. SMITHthought that, although it was said that theMr. P. P. FIEIo thought that that was the whole ques- tion.at abut? Not about the stability of the value of the stock of the company, but alarmed at the idea that the executive committee is preparing asuch a demand as that made upon them in regard to rive directors representing the press, was to ask them to bar- ter away their honor and the Interests of their stockhold- ers. When he made the proposition yesterday to stop the discussion, it was because he believed then that that would be for tbe bent-lit of the stockhokters. H had been suggested to him to move the appointment of a committee to take this matter in charge, but he would not make that rnntu*. I*»»i—i* u«m wla tutTiaiifls of theBoardoTPircctors,allofwhomheknewtobejustand seiiSible men. It was their interest to harmonize, and he believedtheywouldharmonize.M r H J RA YMOND d i d n o t b e l i e v e t h a t t h e p r e s s d e - sired at any time to control the affairs of the company. If that had been their motive, he must say that he thought it had been fairly met by the hostility it encountered. If61. In bis opinion there was no occasion for tbis dHBenity- the rates hail been raised on them from one twentieth the cimpany waited for a committee of the press to askoiM'i iiji to sppfove tins pamphlet.The VREsiiiisfuii-wereil in tbe neaaiive.giaccfuUy the claim that had been set up. It struck himthat an amicable adjustment of the entire matter couldbe fixed in half a day. provided that one gentleman ontlie part of the press,"on whom he threw no blame, andtwooj tinec gentlemen on the part of tlie company, onwin in lie tbxev. no blame, were excluded from tliat tiegotiatk'n. 7hc press only c.sked that their interest should from beneath some rubbish in tbe basement, and w th be piotectfd by a eonliact for live or ten years, to beMr. SMITHdid not care about these outside matters. Hereston;andifyonwishIwillstateit. tractunderwhichtheseoperationswereperformedfor ^orkpre**,feeadvertedton.efactthattb*companyhadf Mr. F. O. J. SUBS resumed. He would confine himself the Associated Press had given to tbe Associated Press the alltwed the various despatches' sent from Wasliiufcton to to the facts set out in the pamphlet issued by the Exectt prior and exclusive control sf th* wires ia the Territory tbe several Xewiwek papers to b* counted usa single 'aaa.aid that arrangement made adisaster ar.d ruin, which can only be brought upon thecompany by imprudent management akin to recklessness.Havu.(.failedtoawaken s majority of thedirectorsto Press,joinedinthafspeechofthree,heregrettedthathe ble editirs aB over the country that they might Of«?.4*1. the eai gers of their present course, the undersigned had not mentioned the fact that the old telegraph compa- have this news. Why was tt made a tmsouenon thatraijJu have sold their stock and retired froth the com- ny bad paM two tan per cent, dividends and one hundred this meat unrlghteoos privilege should be aboliahed? Be-misrepresentations as Mr. Field said, when that gentle- man with thatearnast seal for tbe interests ofthe Associatednews till it became the august pleasure of the agent of the Associated Press to snnounce to the humsaving to theXsw TOM>KK rfsjinD of $»,<», to tb* ftrne* and*Irduttf of about $1 0S0 ettetT.itaat to ibe paper* anaMr. C. W. rnmr—And that was votes against by every member of the Executive Committee. ^was conveyed to tb%Brooklvn City Hospital. He wan extrkated by th* SsemWs of Hook aad Ladder Co No 1, who were promptly upoa the spot with their nppsratunand rendered vatasMe aid.(barks Bartow, a mason's apprentice, residing laHampden street, sustained Berts** internsl injwrtee Hebou3. from Seven to three. And yet the Union Tele- the Board of D.reetors. He (Mr. K.) was himself one of was stso casght wpon the wall by the ntash girder. He giaph Company i : v o i till U came to a very hoaorubie these who was opposed to having tbe communication also wss resened by th* antmhsrs of!and sitiiLHtor-v tetmiaaiiuu, and il liTed with scarcely a made. Tbe change of arrangement with th* Boston press Co. Ho. Lparticle of tuein^poitaat pairtfUge of the Associated Pi. -s was a chacge which Mr. Craig himself acknowledged Some ethers of the wwkmm «smein|ui*d sthto go and tell tbe country that their profits were *nor- nuke the rh a company do the press business during the stated that he wa&not permitted to make a proposition toapplied. Tho cast of cwstraether sBao adequate to the ceedings-, it questioned whether they had had any an- of the city of JJtw York. The Associated Press left their shout-! he made. There had been no general arrangement ever, and left far their boms* wkheut•Had toitself to tittle preaasaiag, assay the least. One was, that we bad Associated PtffS as a now er which had no equal eutsHe ef this expression ot atacm. For what? The directors had anddchrMfrflaBarnsnMWm.ttettmft of iing a capital of get mio a difkulty with the press,anl though we do net Cod .Vrtv;hty. which rooM send throughout the done aothitig. except in that little matter of lUum, and wa* broken off, the asf-wBae . _..M the influence New Khgmean to censure our directors, or express doubt upon them, still all the directors shouldway and let the stockholders elect anotland whatever sentiments its agent desired that wotdd have been revised. The commute* wonldof _ Bos- local Use* la Now Yorkset. That was sn old political trick. Thenames e f t h e dfrcasors wsaht deaerve never again tbe mentioned if they p a t their shot into each a tsap withtbe tact going oot m the manifesto that the stock hatnever been wp ta par. They should not putforthanam h manifesto sanctioned by the resolution* af thfe meeting. If tbey did they would get up aa opposition tentimes giaslat than aasad be got pflin nay other way. Halluded to the fact that Cyrus W. Field sad Mr. Html a nnews of the" eonttrv. The notice *a« for the Hewasoneofthosewho werereadytome-ettheareason dwout ntiastlrftf that potent power nr^r the markets. amicable terms. There was no controversy between the and that was the difficuiiy. The -c-rotary of eon pan\ and the press, but there was a controreriy beditpreed ef their stock.tito send, depended on a coitti .ct wh- !i gi.v^ have reported a set ef rates which wonld have other them nbsotnle exclusive control over the foreign been satiefaouey to the press aad ereiybpsy e!*e.Bis escape without a scratch even lai Tbedsnu^doMtothetoras^bylhss accident willwere sainigrn rry tne isirmg umners. T B * opoa the contractor of the budding. *Tbe c^*ee< tbe accident I* a amongproper se nrobabrv he JSWSWJ SWUntitled DocumentMr. HiwnT explained—Mr. Kendall oesapiained tbnt.MrRtS-KIi—Itwastheretroactivepathef%*bw*WSf Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 