 \$a«dt asefaessniimis . IfIsrr irr Hi Factory, No. Hi o^CAay human probability, be the case in the event of that South Carolina and tho other Cotton Stales M. •aid aad applied at B«TC«»xok»a Wig Factory, IS Bona?-**.\**a>Ourreautrtsareadvisedtvlookattheannounce^ Mr.Buchanan. Mr.Cass,fromageandtemper- mefat of M«**<». l'Ai4.*.\ ,«c-Co., m tWjUry OoodV-cvluoin of tlii» ament, is not a man always ready for the paper. 'At>e*e genuonxvu air uuuii'-g a coutptete rcYuiuti JU in:• i.-CataJogoes sent oa receipt of stamp. law aaaasear*aatdtb« trade.temptation, therefore, to such at attack is too promise have in hindering it? Wo presume thatk-arate mass of Virginia and North Carolina, with man advanced in life,' and a lawyer of highthing that has happened far ollener, without»*/There are indeed " times that try men's souls"—especially the souls of politicians. And most Union. Hence the Charleston breach in theBut with this crowd of office-holding leaders once j intention of conducting mlm to the boat. fixed upon the people of the seceding States,> a \*W>>S&acnncs« Notice*. •"Fight- •" ing on his part," Mr. Ho/w •aid, ««would be%*»,> *f T H E GRAND* S T O F THEM ALL."-,T1UH is themost iserious obstacle would be placed in tho •'foolish, and he was too old to run." '"'jj It way of any, reunion, by which their services would ** pmucd, then," he sayn, " tb*at there was butbe dispem-ed with. It was precisely this class j " one "question- for me to sett/e, which was ofpersonswhomadethemostseriousresistance|"whetherI bhould walk to a carriageor,beftiMJul verdict of gt-ntkuncn of ta*te upon the new style af Hats »»Mrt^c\uTn; e;,« RM-X t - u y r o f Broadway and Kulton it. No- body better KSOWM w»«t i« *. *<-. fid, el»guat, aad rechnrche for •bf*3 rt i ifc>vr IVNOX, * b o « «-xpotiei>ce and popularity bar©" iidufehlro «n »rj«>bo»irv h>r** w») of genteel UATH, that la uui- wnO; aeknovrledpedinthi«cityamongallolaawea.Democratic part)- for the purpose of providing an oc- casion for Disunion in the election of Lincoln; andtion,.bat aa a guaranty for bi» good fulth.. > T h e Republicans have.'at last succeededBuahxea* letter* should v» aU oaaea be eddreaecd to THH Naw> in winning the first victory ever gained can who is considering what course ho~ shallreaoy at C*MV'», iso. Mj faojdWay.WINTER GLOVES, 2/ a pair, Wnrau OI&AWKKS,e/»»pair,SawUQQUf UMY AI, only 50 centa, .S*.A'I isu t-^i'», only 75 cent*, atIXA Pxaucoo & &o*'». No. bl ^t*«itau-«t. and JUL Sroadway. AT RETAJLL CKTIL THE Uist OP DECEMBER.W'lujleaaleStock of MV»IVXJ. Hoxs* and ow.sa VV«icxia»,with the South, and his tendencies have leave those citizens without protection against kid- "exist. If to rid ourselves of the present rule arrangement to the Federal Court for adjudi- for which there is no remedy. When, in the always been to yield any conciliation, nappers. These trifles conceded, Peace will again "of Massachusetts and Connecticut, we break cation. course of compromising, we come to the consider-'*"*T*7TFiats, FURS, Frm3» FURS, at GEKIN'S, NO. 513 , oaaoeandvldmwof the writer^—notneoeaavilyforpobUao-encroachments We will venture to remind any Republi-to the adoption of the existing Federal Conatitu- tion. Secession under the impulse of the mad- ness of the moment may be carried out in several of the States; but tho only union wo ex- pect ever to see, is .among those States North arid South that continue to adhere to the exist- ing Federal Constitution, and the Governmentbused upon it.IPEBSOW AIi SriA TERxf BlXXiS.since tne Hon. Samuel It is sixteen years since theHoar, one of the most respectable, and also one of the most conservative citizens of Massa- chusetts, was expelled, from South Carolina whendragge<j "dragged to it." He preferred the former saidwent peaceably. On the boat a man wasp>inted out to him who had offered his services as " a " leader of a tar-and-feather gang to havo been" called into the service of the city."Thus the sovereign State of South Carolina disposed of the sovereign Statc^of Massachusetts, through her representative, by Virtually kickingher off tbe premises. The retaliatory measureof Massachusetts has been to' come to the con- clusion that a system which thus defies the rights I of a sister State, and refuses to recognize the power of the Supreme Court of the United States, had better not, for tbe good of all coa- ceracd, be permitted to extend its dominion overBroadway. HoaWo BayS^bleCape^ Mnfl'«, and Carta.Mink Capee, Muff*, aad Cufta,. CldldiW* SoU of Tan.OeatV Kara aad Slel«h Robes.JFMJL AKI> WELTER.#or ah* Wat out. b«.t mad*, best HtUa«. faahtoaablo, taatyjHK^a»«rto»«.« of r * » and W u m x Cu>r«ix», Ft>»- . Goepe. and CHII.»**J^» C W T K I W , aad at prion* lessYO«K T*II»VXK.We oannot undertake to return rejected CommunioaUoBavever the Slave-Power and its Northern par- asites. That thb slaveholders should rage at seeing the scepter that seemed to have growntake in view of the public feeling of tho South, that there is also a public feeling of the North. That public sentiment has just uttered itself in the election of Abraham Lincoln. It is the back-tetWoity.No*. TOand Tl Bo*r»*y.The mails for Europe by the steamship CityOVERCOATS! OVERCOATS!!Sopeder axeke, *5 to »20.At OBO. A. MOTTKX at Co.'*Marrtn-rt*' dotnu-g Warelxoaat, Noa. 290 aad 293 Bowery.The progress of Mr. Corwin's Comrpittee is quered! Merely that the loyal citizens who have Unpardonable Sin of him that commits it in the eyesT u i LAM,bohadfoeKtfty IWiara. .political execution and be heard of no more. He hat hath ears to hear, let him hear. *.'•-.ment, nor yet the idea of Secession as a remedy and when tho charge is believed by many well-A, WKASTKR SEWIMG-MACHIKI£ niayCompiiring a grew rariet^ oi lieuiieiuoti'* and Ladies' Watches, would permit him no longer to hold a humiliat- wiUt puuii, oup»v,u, etuu^tuoo, and oxawoud c»+e-»,with smoke and flame.Before our public men, at Washington or else- "residuary Confederacy, and the public mindEND OF THE POPE'S TE3IPOBAL POWEJS.2iO. XI iXtaidott-lau« \u|> Mudrs), N. Y.KvopatohsO unuio. i t giv«M notrrity to tno UI^HUVB u.gjLU*. i tincavaaea tke appetite. *t eulivoua tbe spirits, iuvigoi-ute* tnoSuAbd, auengtiwu* (fee body, aitd m tUuzt, U judiciously u»ed,vthtr up t&e wLoto »>»{«u. 10 a wltoieaonxo coguizanoe ofiu Mr. Secretary Cobb baviug fashioned the Presi- (/wnpukn^ au<l a ran*,wcu cUa|wvlUu>u to exort" UMMU< AmongtXoituo ofiLaut-y, ij.umM.ii*.*"» niriivu, uuuiuiacturedoy dent's Message to encourage the Secession move- H t n t n u i *. fextiiJ*, at PiUaborgu, Pa., may be set dowru aa<fe#«rvedly tl*» ii.ow popiuar. i.noy aro a puugttnt, lively, p»lut ment of his party at the South, goes home to at*o tonic, not ui.pitMMUi(4> i/uter, nor y«t vAX«»*iveiy apiritod, mature the plans which the tone of that Message aud their Medical otioct x* periecily sur^ruuug. Ho louuly conou<*>«ia«ruiij uo Kliuout a oouio. it •uouiti oe found iu vrory has helped to forward. He leaves Secretary Closet, i t 1* both useiui aud agreeable.—[iSew- i'urt Allan, Aug.Kiaaa * Floyd behind him to preserve the President FOR CHRISIMAS TREES.—FANCY ARTICLES, from the influence of any counsels that mightget what they want.by it. Let them be warned 44The Papal See shows signs of a returning rea- that it may be wiser to accept tribute from theCAAX>lX*t>, kWT(/*», t.v>-i>u.-> b o l M , OuuNUWJ-iiK, XC , JtC hor Mew-\ taih' iaole, riooed x'urkoy, ficalod Oyster*, delads Caarioito Hi—«, Ice Cre^m, tie., tee. WXLUAX TAVX^X'Ipossibly prompt him to some feeble eifort at duty. Beibre three more suns have risen and set, wo know, as far as we can know of any event in the future, that the State of South CarolinaIt is announced that an arrangement is about to and an Alderman of the city, and a conversation Emanuel, and that a yearly pension of $2,000,000Saioon, No.ft*bx^xowlway.JOHN DUNCAN & SONS,.ensued, in the course of which the Sheriff in- selves for nothing/' And, first, as the least "greatest confederacy of nations down to a formed Mr. Hoar that •«he was suspected ofis oflered to the former for abandoning once and tbrever his temporal pretensions. This generousUnloo-equara, XSew-xork,Wnrs MxavcwAata and r c UVKTOKH of Fxoviatoys, embracing a will have resolved that she is no longer a mem- graat variety of foreign and domestic requisite* tot the table, ber of the Federal Union. The probability of •uatablofortuuiiy use,clubs,pleasure-yacbia,travelingpertlea,fcC this event has been as strong for four weeksof this kind ? All impartial and intelligent ob- "have somebody to quarrel witb, I had rather " was supposed to be a hoax, as he had pre-LateNo. *0bBromdway.Ho. 6 MAIDEN-LANE,fun. TulXTTDAT«0XLT, WuotawAiJi.STtKJX ovservers of the current history of business for the last two years know that the present panic, though hastened and aggravated just now by the political state of the country, is in no wiae oc- casioned by it. The crisis was aa inevitable as that of 1837 or of 1857, and has been foreseen and provided against by prudent men of business. The organ of the Disunionists and Alarmists iu this City, The Herald, itself deviated into the truth not long since, when it told its readers that the crisis was occasioned by the South over- trading in lands and negroes. This is the exact fact—only they overtraded, in other things as well. The acceleration of this crisis by the elec- tion of Mr. Lincoln, far from being a misfortune, is a piece of good luck. Its coming might haveestness of their desire to bring about an equita- "keep our New-England associates for that pur- ".sented no credentials." The credentials were ble solution to this difficult question."poee, than to see our bickerings transferred to produced, and he was then assured " that it was Whether the eventual abandonment of temporal"others." 44 considered a great insult to South"Carolina to send such, an agent;" dominion will servo to reinvigorate and to purifyIt is indeed obvious enough that no permanent and that be " was in great danger aud had bet- Papacy, is a question upon which the doctors,past as it is to-day. What steps has Mr. Bu-chanan taken to insure obedience to Federallaw 8 in the port of Charleston, a^disregard anddefiance of which, he was so. long forewarned,was almost inevitable? Not one. Whether itJSOW WITU1> KLACil OP ALL; (jrKOVfcit Jt B A - one which Mr. Buchanan has a right to enter- jcaa/g ftsrsmiATiift Nouaxjts* VAMILT dawixo-MAoaixxa. tain for a moment. As the Chief Executivetp4X> *ud upwiuU.Nov 4l*ft HKO*UV»AJ, New.York.A CHRISTMAS PRESENT.WuiuujtM k. WixaoM'a ^awijfoMACUizns,WITH lafukUftT iMX-xovavkiajrTa, AT uanuoxo rxxoxa, will prove :he moat aocepteble present, taat can be ottered to aphilosophers, religionists, and purists of the ter from the Attorney-General of the State was Church are divided. For our part, we believethat should the proposition of the Cabinet ofArRimub.FAXVT Ooooa,Toaxs *o» AMabTAiX,«\v-• <>t<adou-UMie,New-York.or Eolid government can be formed if the princi- ple be once adopted, that the beaten party in an election is at liberty to signalize its dissatis- faction at the result by carrying off out of the Union such members of it as that party may be ablo to control. Suppose the project to be carritd out of a Slavoholding Confederacy, there would be just as many seeds of controversy and conflicts of interest within the limits of such a Confederacy as there are now in the existing Union. Even the controversy on the subject oi Slavery, instead of being extinguished, would re- appear in such a Confederacy with as great viru- lence aa now, if not greater. The revival of the African slave-trade is but a logical sequence of the new views as to the perpetuity, extension,•and benefits of Slavery which have so much to do with the existing Secession sentiment in tho South. Quite as violeut conflicts of opinion might bo expected to arise upon this subject be- tween Virginia and Texas as any which now ex- ist between the North and the South touching the extension of Slavery into the Territories.With respect to the navigation^laws and the secession was a tact as patent five weeks ago as either are in earnest for Secession, or they are tariff, which are urged as grievances by the cot-" ter leave the city as soon as possible." A let-— ' • • OUDKiv AV LAMOLK•all Kitiu Oou> JawaJLKir and E«Ouui*<tfTaxia^atfSii.fsKvri.ai mitted to secede, if she is anxious and deter- f per o—it, and L»IAJ»O» i>» 10 per eetti less '.nan aoy other houseto U«* ettp. No. *> a'uiaon-st., oear VV'UuaAn. mined to do so, is not the question, nor is itTurin be accepted by the Pope, this century willlady during tbe Christmas Holiday*.Otuce, No. 303 Broadway, New-York.officer oi the Government, he had a manifestduty to perform in such an exigency, and ho hasnot only lamentably failed in its execution, buthe has thrown the whole weight of his dorolic- been delayed a few months, or a year or so; tion of duty—a very positive, influence under but it would only have been to be much worse such circumbtances—in the scale of revolution,IThey 'have no hope of themoet urgent in behalf of the new movement, j rr.ittoe wnitod upon fcbri, and announced theiring in I other of*i"be x< well kno *hasrece: to the nnnsuspec has rx'i u cock-and 18G3, bt wbo at i with a c*. iah army, the Erigii their W< abolition' destroy t hoping i) ery sent:i mateiy dracy in r> The er<lows thir. ting wb". remembei also Ju. A' to the las Indies, th fact most! carried it middle>:h even if t been so si•colonies * to entice same com h a s imp*- parallel* d persua''. -<i" ilizat.-ir the hope ing the in burn hiMBut th< Mr. Mori is in co South, az apologize election,illustratio man of { effort bei in 1811 t admit-1 i\ beingno<of the ] makes itj lowing st\ "thehisf «' know ti" the Brj " mottmt\ " tiortaiabolished 1, J 83-.1850, Wi number o which eoc the uproaLegislatui reward of 1, 1832, 1 was foun cmancipat ican Anti someprin* Arthur T ThompbOtcouutry i for tie n tation wi been sinethe priac outran s negroe *. 1837, atburuvd accordu "Air.tri**kind,accey:ma«i«'sav to0/GorrisijThe•tion* at cla*****gaged i *k the \^SCll-Cis st:!ti was ev in rat case w are hajSecri'tiAfrit at Congre not a ( ally .-*t earn, s 0 Acco forw;:r< v*.«it w<Of !*fUl WJie th such r after itrespo* tion tc hoisted doctritt tnul>ri! the Aitiofioii* were i them fV.ei Alr;> ai4*Th instrnt"eboii••ruck the tit by the Mr. ( " pn't " dishi ." eovt4» aireof-U* xiity a dit-Ho crv'j*%NEW-YORK '-#inr"maicE§OF-i*AaM>©if.1SA TURDA Y ,imported Africans.opening of the slave-trade under the existingSATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1860.especially those of Republican politicians rb. Con-gress and the various State Legislatures. Thistrialofsoulsisnotpreciselythesamoasthatour <r*r<i W Intended for inaertion moat be authenticated by tbe fathers underwent in Seventy-Six.TO Nonoateooaa6atakenofAnoaynaoMComrownlcatloaa.What«-I * .JUlTnrtiaera.OORRS8POffDS!9rrS.hence the outcry about Northern on Southern Rights.A limited nnmlwr of advertisements will be re-sorrsd lor ineertioo in THX TKXSUHK ALMAKAC for to their hand thus wrested from them, and that1861. Price, $75 per'page. AddressTHB TKIBUNK, lfew-Yojrk.their creatures at the North should imagine vain bone of a continent of Freemen. Such a feelingthings in view of losing the fatness that dropped on their heads from it, is in no wise surprising. What are these imaginings 1 Simply, that the of Washington will close this morning, at 10 victors shall surrender to the vanquished all the o'clock. *. , fruits of their hard-won victory! Only that the • • ••"• conquerors shall pass under the yoke of the con-is not to be trifled with. It is one that political leaders may guide, but cannot control. No man who insults it or trifles with it, on any pretense of public duty, will be able to stand up before its indignation. Consenting to a disgraceful Com- promise with Disunionists and traitors, will be theslow, though that was to be expected; butneither is it, thus far, very encouraging. Thetemper of the West and North-West is indicatedby Mr. Curtis*s resolutions, which look to the to. submit to the issue of the ballot-box when itsentative of his own *State.of that caso^are probably not known to one in ahoufiand of *the young men of the country under thirty years of age, and imperfectly remembered by many who are ^>lder. At a moment whenthe Territories. But South Carolina did not stop there. Her Legislature immediately passed an act by which it is provided that any person coming into the State on his own behalf, or oo behalf of any State to disturb the laws in rela- tion to colored persons, bond or free, shall be hold to be guilty of a misdemeanor, bo imprisoned in the common jail for trial, and on conviction be sentenced to banishment, and to fine, and itnpris- onment at the discretion of the court; and for a second offense the penalty is seven years impris- onment, a fine of a thousand dollars and banixb- xnent from the State. The* penalty first named attaches also to any person coming with the same purpose, who disobeys the warning'of theijkoo, Waaaraa.«t Co., Mo. $0» Broadway.ADAMS'S EXPRESS COMPANY make coflectiou* suppression of all threats of revolution first and has gone against them, may paas triumphantly•TEFFJEB801Y ON SECESSION. Neither the strong sectional antipathios whichDAIL YTRIBUNE.DECEMBER 15,I860.loirly succeeded in electing the man of their choice to the Presidency shall make a bridge of their necks, over which those who refuseof the Northorn people. He will be ordered to sent there on a .diplomatic cgeucy as the repre-OJ» aPoOloa aad towaa, £a*t, W«*t, South, aad Soath-«ro«t. of treating afterward, if then it shall seem back from their false position to a stronger oneBA&KY'» IKH.UI rtk.K«)t'» is the bestaad ch»*apeat advisable. The temper of the South is quite as than they held before! Modest conditions, truly, lie at the bottom of the present Secession move- the North is accused of "unfriendly legislation,"astasia foeDwwina, Boauiifyki*. Cteeuainf. CorUitf. Pre**nrtn« aad Roatoring Pa* Hair, Ladies, try H. Sold by Dragfiata.CATAKACI W ASWIM;-MACMIME.Tb« bvatervr lnvoated. No kc »hi»t. and ae- Waax.evident-in the resolutions of Mr. Rust, demand- to be imposed on the victorious party by the de-ing protection for Slavory in the Territories, and feated one. The old formula of victorious insult,meaning people, it is not uninstructive to recurfifteen years, aud during tixi* long period have examiuea more Ju*vv*xlio*t*MM* LIAWIU tuorrp*x«u(*taaaanyothersolicitor*in tboworld.be avoided.An eifort is now being made to extend the cir-consenting, at the very moment of their success,to do homage and make dishonorable concession*-But, though expressly brought to his notice, nor to appoint an agent to proceed to South any citizen of tho State accepting a commission this Secession project found no countenance from Carolina, for tho purpose of collecting information for such a purpose from auother State shall beAll biuintwa counedod witb too ezanunation of InTentiooa, 8p««iac«uviu>. brawinga, Rqjeotod Caaeo, lDterforenco*. Inlriugv-L&CAuax. Money la worth three per cent t month;\\ot>ix*gOliie WHU JV peT ceut, Cottftt 1* n*-i**> down 22> j.ot coiit;,most signal rebuke that could be given to the policy which has been the vital principle'Clothing can be void at coat of manufacture aad money made byof their political existence and has strength-XohOE la jvue uov. a u m-vmivuriy.ened them up to the point of victory, and and he gave it a prompt and explicit negative.singular the National Territories, will bo consid- "be opposite parties" and violent dissensions and *ered as a modest installment of the price of the are paid and the man taken away, sells him asi t hy iaveaHTig »^»tu-|Jthe .nation, he surely has some duties to perform-)an abandonment of their objection to Slavery "In every free and deliberating society," hoon board, imprisons' him during the stay of theRKAX*XX.at r.TA.s,- iM-ioro puxuhtelng your Winter Clotbtn^. Your ex-attipie wid ieaa vutvt», ihoivuy oomyeUutg. alter a while, other eaJaottthiaeOt* to reduce u»r:> piicoa, a^id u>u»you will coufor a grew Oeseui cm the cou<UiiUiit> at large.Xxui trvttJACare respectfully invited to cnii and t>x*iuiue this immenae stock' of Clothing, >» ur :t.rt iu«) buy or uocIfyouharea»yideaof ecouoiuyuuuit*attendantbleaainga,callis either treacherous to his oath in leaving them unattempted, or he has sunk into the feebliah dotage of an imbecile senility. The resignation of his Primo Minister is an evidence that such is the light in which he views the conduct ofNorthern States have never freed a slave; butacceptedbytheconqueredassatisfactoryunless "porttothepeoplotheproceedingsoftheother. hercoloredcitizens,,and anonerouscharge to citizen—afreeman,aadacitizen,thoughblack—no the several Northern States whieh have made 44 But if, on a temporary superiority of the ono her ship-owners, both of which had become redress for this gross injustice, but to attempt laws for the protection of all their citizens, with- 44 party, the other is to resort to a scission of intolerable. She only asked, however, that the his redemption, should the captain choose, for anya complete back-down upon all that was gained Vet Victis! will need to bo .amended into ing the predominance of a disrelished majority, canto some of the historical events out of which .hasSou I«A» a. HtATT.No.«S4Broadway. by the Republican in the bite election. This Va Victorious! It was Cornwallis that shouldparty opposed to further aggression from tho lutions of'98, which, after the death of their au- Slave Power, and the spread of a system whose thor, were made the basis of the doctrine of well-being and existence depend upon such ag-locks very little like compromise on either side. have dictated terms to Washington at Yorktown.. If the deternanation of the extreme Southern it was Wellington that ought to*-have dispersed States is, as our correspondent suggests, to posi- his troops and takon to his heels after Waterloo. tively secede unless the concession demanded is»tfa-*t»., Vv niiiiiijxua, D . CKessre. Mtxx &. Co. have ueea eatablislxed for upward of made, then wo do not see how secession is to danger of the public men of the Republican partyat least to the date of the famous Virginia reso-T o INVENTORS.Axiwu* Ajto FOHKIO* PATSOTS ace»•iiiprocuredby Meaar*. Mua.i at Co.,PaontixTox* or TUX SUIKNTIVIO Axaxicix,at thotr office*, No. JT, ?ark.-row, New-Xork, axtd comer V aadI t hardly seems credible that there ean bo anynullification, and which are now employed as the gressions.foundation of the political theory on which the In March, 1844, the Legislature of Massachu-idea of Secession is based. setts passed a resolution authorizing the Gover- G.overnorl to leave the State within 48 hours' andto their discomfited antagonists, as an apology monta,i.xt*o«i««»«,kudUvwk v*lii xecol/opromptandcareful culation of The National Intelligencer, Mr. J. for their victory. And yet, the temptation is notas to the number and names of .colored citizens punished, for the firot offense by a fine of one originated. In that year, John Taylor of Caro- of Massachusetts who had been imprisoned in thousand dollars, and imprisonment not more lina, a leading Democratic politician of those South Carolina—somo of whom had been sold than one year; and for the second offense bytimes, disgusted at the new strength which the into Slavery—and al*o to bring suits in behalf of imprisonment for seven years, and a fine of aa«t«>atloB.Pat«et« are alao aecaxed in Great Britain, France, Austria,Roaaav P<oa<da, Spain, JUolland, belgiuiu, Sardinia, aud other teittgn covutru.«.A Pa<upbl«t of A WICK TO l»TR2fTORA la furoiahed free, and prlvato eoaaqftagiOlia with wvvutora from it a. m. till -4 p. m. Cottuj.uoK wot M by mail treated couiiduuiially. Adtlre**Aic»« at Co., No. 37 r*ark-row, N. Y.To WHOM IT MAY CONCERN".Theimmesaeatockof WIATK* CLOTUIMQ at ETAXVextaa- also Ctotiiiug VVarehouae, Noa. oo aud t>$ Fultoa-at., U u?w behagaoldatooat.Disternell having become its agent in this city. a slight one. The, Enemy approaches them in We trust the effort may prove abundantly suc- the garb of the Angel of Conciliation, and withcessful. TAc Intelligencer is one of the most dig- nified, patriotic and useful journals in the| country.GEiX. CA8S»8 RKSICrNATIOlV.The re«ignation of Gen. Cass is certainly thethe honey of persuasion upon his lips. Civil W ar and the dismemberment of the country are threat-administration of John Adams had obtained iu any snejapitizens, that the question of the con-thout-and dollar?, or banishment, as the Courtor compromises which the South, at any time, spread her white wings over the land, the money "the Union, will the evil stop there? SupposeMr. Hoar arrived in Charleston in November, ation of bills enacted merely to prevent kidnap-panic will melt away like the early dew, dividends 44and commercial profits will again wax like Jo- 44 our nature ..be changed? Are we not men nah's gourd, and the Fire-eaters will take the '•still to the south of that, and with all the4tow out of their mouths and cease to frighten us 'passions of men? Immediately we shall see aTatuabte article in tite wbote cuteloguo ot douMMtio r«m«dy twux the hands of those who are using him and his of them, let them be quite sure that they will " W h a t a game, too, will the one party have in3844, and immediately announced his arrival andhis errand to the Governor of tho State, J. H. for laws created to make kidnapping easy. Hammond, and the next morning sought theMayor for the pame purpose. From the Gover-nor he received no reply, and the Mayor wasabsent from the city; and for three days nonotice whatever was taken of his presence. Atthe end of that, time he heard that his letter had son, and Pope and Cardinals begin to realize bi?en communicated to the Legislature by theGovernor, and had created some excitement.adding, with great warmth and earnestness, " I the See from tbe embraces of light aud of liberty.has seen fit to demand. His withdrawal fromthe Cabinet at this juncture, is a most significantfact, and shows not only that his own self-respectthe New-England States alone cut off, willpiig, let us venture at the same time to inquireby iti» MNKuiakois.PAX».<••«a » u MAK-HM. importers. .any change for the better, and could see no al- liObrrtTt-iiat's ijinuw.—"lhere is no more ternative but to leave tbe hopeless old man in" Pennsylvania and a Virginia party arise in the where, proceed to perform the hotou demanded 44 will be distracted by the same party spirit.ing position, but that be is utterly hopeless ofoffice to further their own treasonable purposes.their bands by eternally threatening the other "that unless they do so and so they will joinwere wiser that South Carolina should be per-read to him, in which the writer urged thatl>nching be avoided, and called upon the Sheriff see the end of one of the greatest abuses and to prevent that process. The .Sheriff furtherurged, the existence of great public excitement, plagues transmitted to it from the dark ages. Itin itself and to have found the country much TO*£K CLvtokJ&j KLtsCLAiOKS, AND OFFICE but he has committed at least one overt act worse prepared to meet it. What politics didBaVOOKS—taat meat aeournt* tlxneaeepeis in toe world. w hich is something more than misprision of trea- not cause, politics cannot cure. The crisis is a Brgtutv fc Co., No. **n Broadway.son. In Fort Moultrie there is, at this time, self-limited disease, and will work itself 0ft* all TRUSSES.—MAiWii A, Cv.a Kudicai-cure TRUSS a little garrison of some four score men, a force,odBoe, No. 'i Vesey-st. (Aator House;, oppoalte tke cuurcu. oiix the sooner for being let alone alike by quacks Klaatau StockxugM ior V «rlco»e V em*, ^uoulder itracaw mid 6up- totally inadequate to its defense against any and regulars.peatere, and imported Suspensory Sandage*. A Hdy in actenavserious attack. Such an attack, there can belittle doubt, will be made, and made because itscapture is comparatively easy, and because the Union, what effect could any humiliation of Com-Pbotograpbao msterUJoKavTXMi>i>uat'» rlAi*. DVlU—ixciio.6ic, U4aimki«e» strong to bo resisted. That such would, in all nobody will deny our first proposition, which is,:MEDICAL COMMON 6IJV»E.— DI. iu. I*. FOOTE,it is to-day; nor was it disregarded at Washing- not. Now, if they are not in earnest, aud all thiston. Five weeks ago it would have been easy bluster and fanfaronade are only meant to scare UYWC, Heart, Stomach, ttc, at uia Winter odxue, No. Mo x>ro<id- to throw a reenforement into the Fort almost the North, it is very clear that any quantity orwa>, N. Y. Caii, or *eud, and g<*t hi* pamplxlet, eutitled " Evi-nxxcxt* or Dx. FooTX'a MaoitAA. Scvcxa»," wbich ne is pleaaud without notice, and certainly at that time with- rolling in the mud would bo purely gratuitous.Tax; oiau^t/ftO't'icivMi'oKltM.Wkute**iU andAs to the threatened dismemberment of thoH0*u.iL—E. AXTHOM1. No. 5»J» Broadway.to give to all who are interested, ottice bourn Drorn 1 to b p. ux. -daily, exceptSuud«ya. |.COUGHS, COLDS, and HoAitSENESo are now inout resistance. Why was it not done ? Not But, suppose South Carolina is in earnest, andbecause it wan not thought of; but, as wo have really means to go out of the Union, in the ex-ton-growing States, there would be in the.now Confederacy just as much ground of quarrel and dissatisfaction as there exists now. Maryland and Virginia have ports and harbors, and great facilities for ship-building, and would naturally expect to become to tho new Confederacy, so far as navigation is concerned, what the Eastern States are to the existing Union. In those-samo States, and also in Tennessee, there exist great facilities fpr manufacturing, which the new Con- federacy would be called upon to aid in develop- ing by means of a protective tariff.In fact, the policy/ adopted by the Southern secessionists may be said to begin by repudiating altogether theidea of any practical union among the seceding States. By way of giving popularity to the movement, and inducing many to join in it, or tolerate it, who would otherwise hang back, a Southern Confederacy istalkedofas the ultimate result. But what is proposed to be done is, that State after State should separately secede from the Union, setting up its own sepa- rate Army, Navy, Post-Office system, and Cus- tom-House establishment, and opening its own diplomatic relations with foreign states, leaving the formation of thetalked-of Confederacy to thoetary tamiiy. PaxenU beware: Tbeae are tbe br»t step* toward reason for asserting, because it teas thought of, pectation, and tho reasonable expectation, of awosuff.ptioa. 'Ihbtv xa out ow> reliable remedy—HoixoWAX-'*avonderlol JteaX&AXiC OI>TMX>T. it never fail*. Try it!£j>'GSFORl/s 0*>WLOO SiLVlsR-GLOSS STAitCH ,. Give* a beautiful bui*h to tbe Linen.CxtrinoaT.—Lae le** thau usual, AS it is very strong.ARTIFICIAL h&G&—PALMER'S IJNECIUALKD.—and because the Secretary of W ar sent the carying the other Cotton States with her, whatiztxa Aihauy witb but little iiiouey, iuteudiu/ to uxake <#laectiucu» by the way, ior Utioa, j>yrucu»e, Hocheetertana Buflalo. During the eix yearn that Mr. Place has doooueted tbeee tripe, be hue never failed to write ^cxily to bia wile. Uu (hi* ooctwion be told ber before- btadi tbttt lie aijooid ouly write to tbe firm at New- York. Sbelelt Troy ou iiuxiday nigbt, and wae, of Course^ uhtnuA at bearing that hia partner bad beard tiOfbing oi biai. Ms. Place ia about 3K yearn of age;tail in person and quite commanding in appearance.He has been accustomed to dree* somewbat expect- aiveiy, az*d baa catrried with bixu at titnee conatder- usincluded—were elected by the suffrages of the•ble i>un.aof money." barrat*went." But the day following, the Com-outcry against the pride and corruption prevail-'' ••• •troops elsewhere where there was no occasioneiiect would the utmost abasement of concessionior them. On this point we have the most con- have upon her ? Simply to make her dospise the clusive evidence, in a letter to Gov. Gist of South men that made it—not to change her purpose aflsudaof •uperior excelb-nco. Poet for eaortetxed {imbaby hip Carolina from a distinguished officer at Washing- hair. What does the Dismii-s. party in the Cottondiseaae, M one of the moot bumaoe inveutioa* ot tue age." byOr. HUb*oj», OiluWat Hail, Aater-oiace, N. Y. ton, and published where it was sure to have its StateB care for Slavery in the Territories 7 Tuoyfull eiiect, in a Charleston paper. It is as fol- see all Mexico and Central America, the WestDlSAPPXARAKCC OF A NkW-YoaUC N ItCllkliiT.—-On lows:tb* iLtb ot No\em6«r, ilr. Wiiliauti l'U>v, of tlxe lirm*>1 Hodnxaii & 1LM.e, a««Jon» iu fuj^*a«*iu^ goode, onBxOMi%sxy, wtxrteti irotu i\ew-Y<irk ott a collovtiug PXAX Six: I have just had a conversation with the Secretary Personal Liberty Bills? The loss of slaves to<*>or atlofiK (be bixe of the river auxd U*» Ceutrul Kait- of War. He says: " l o u may aay to tbe people of South Curo-roaxd. H i s v. lit; accotAij uxueC him au» tmx xa Nowuurgu, " Una, there will be uo more troops sent to the Forta at Charlea the Cotton States by escape is inappreciable, audgucdithenproceedeau*iroy,where(a»y»iVtr Troy "ton. Itrillrtvtffnbeforeituhullb*dotu,andiftheylettblng* theFugitiveSlavelawwasouoespeciallyfortheW fttgj Ler huebiUiti wu» u» havespenc Tbxuksgiviug "alooe, I wilL" benefit of the Border States. What do tho plan-v. itii bid bcvCber-lu-Ixw, Mr. Jocteun B. Wilkinsou. The writer hopes the people of the " gallant ners of a Southern Confederacy care for the re-fiisued $llQ to bis tum I'rom Mewhurgh, and BUtrt«dl i e did HOC eoioe, however, aud be bxe uvt been ue^rd " State" will not be disturbed by " idle rumors" ot eii ce tbe 27th ult., wlxen Le w*u* at Clica. lie re-*+v WAJUIKOTOIT, DOO. 5, 1860.Indies and South America, stretching out their arms to them. What does it care for Northerncovery of an escaping slave or two, at an ex- —rumors of enforcing Fort Moultrie. The pense greater than his price, when they see in brave little band now shut up within that castle rapt vision whole argosies.of slaves bridging the will, we have no doubt, withstand a siege to the ocean between Africa and their ports and pour- last, and die at their post*. A sufficient force ing out living cargoes on their wharves by there would have prevented any attack from the thousands? This is the key to tho whole Dis- insurgents of Charleston, who will now rush union moyement. The great prosperity of tho with impetuosity to overwhelm the little garrison. Cotton interest for several years until the present When the report of that shocking event reaches has filled the Cotton-raising mind with the wild- Ius, let the country remember where rests the est dreaiLi of wealth to be croated through themoval by steamboat the u»xt day. The follow-ing day was consumed in further negotia- faithful of the diocese. Thus, unexpectedly toresponsibility. extension of the culture by tho cheap,labor offor tho multiplication of. offices, . serve as a powerful stimulus to mauy of thoseUntitled Document-•.century. The institution of Cardinals is a subse- V It is that which- creates, or created, our otn- quent growth, and belongs to an epoch when the§&^fi 'ftvi<\'^>i:':':"^";'-for political grievances and a means of escap-be. called of recent origin. They may be traced back sprung, us a natural and inevitable growth, aMr. Jefl&rson, with whom the resolutions of '98consequence of the insolent behavior of tho stitutionality of the laws under which they were may see fit. Thus, if any Northern citizen, whosoened, and they can stay the tide of ruin. And French Directory, wrote to Jefferson, suggesting imprisoned might be tested before the Supreme son or whose brother may havo boon sold init is not much that is asked of them. Nothing, that it would not be •" unwise to estimate the sep- Court of the United States. Mr. Hoar, a gentle- Slavery by the cruel laws of South Caroliaa—aindeed, that touches their own immediate busi- 44ness or bosoms. A reconsideration of the "a view to their separate existence." Tho sa- standing, was appointed such agent. The laws doubt, than any fugitive slave of that State hasgacious mind of Jefferson at once perceived the complained of, and wbich are still in full force. escaped to the North—shall go there to redeem unstatesmanlike character of . this proposition, take out of every ship arriving in Charleston from bim from Slavery, not only is it held that he hasPresident for the imbecility and treachery which have marked his policy in relation to the move- ments at the South. As the Chief Magistrate ofbut he is fined and imprisoned for venturing to at a momentous crisis like the present, and he entering in. and taking possession of all and wrote,"there must, from the nature of man, vessel, and, on her departure, unless the jail foes assert them. Tbe Personal-Liberty bills of the"discords; and ono of these, for the most part,every Northern vessel that enters the Port of " must prevail over the other for a longer or a slave to defray the expenses of his detention. Charleston with a colored man oti board is com- all that will be asked of the men at Washington. 44 shorter time. Perhaps this party division is The Massachusetts Legislature held these laws pelled to Burrender him to imprisonment so long But the ransom" of the conquerors will not be " necessary to induce each to watch and to ro- to be unconstitutional, their action a wrong to as she remains; and not only has this Northernforgiving of their enemies. Possibly, this may betheir dse of uatte. promptest and most vigorous action; his sympa-GENIN'S liouiiA 1C H A T lur young men i« now thies, as the world knows, have always been" out distinction of color, repeal the same and 44 the Union, no Federal' Government can ever question might be referred by . an amicable reason, to leave him behind, is a penal offenseby the fate of the Boston negro who rolled him-self in the dirt at the outskirts of ono of Whit- 44 their Northern neighbors. If we reduce our An hour or two afterward, on entering his hotel,King of Italy, and remain in Rome, than to wunder homeless, dependent upon an unsympa- thi2iug world. So ungrateful are the Catholic Statesfield's meetings in an agony of religious enthusi-"Union to Virginia and North Carolina, immedi-he was accosted by one of three persons, whoannounced that he was the Sheriff of Charleston, that hesitate to come to the rescue, aud snatchasm, and who, on being told that it was not Whit- 4' ately the conflict will be established betw een field that was preaching, had nothing for it but 44 the representatives of these two States, aridto 8hixke himself as clean as he could and ex- "they will end by breaking into their simpleclaim, " Then I've dirtied myself for nothing /". "units. Seeing, therefore, that an association of Let these honorable gentlemen, too, bo very 4'men who will not quarrel with one another is"a thing which never yet existed, from thething, will they cure the money-panic by any act "town meeting or a vestry—seeing that we must1 " beii.g un Abolitionist;" and that the mission offer on the part of the Italians proves the earn-sure beforehand that they will not " dirty them-si ..M •/./v*>A.?t•c ••.1*C..'• •4•idim uncertainties of a distant future. Here, is afine opening for place-seekers and office-holders, fact that Mr. Hoar had his daughter with him.X f<•*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com• •.m•* V.*a Northern port every colored man who may beno lights which the State is bound to respect,The ciroumstances44 have some business with you. Sir." He thenintroduced his companions as the acting Mayor be made between the Pope and the King Victoris not.', however, the first time that an attempt to tect the stranger. To all which Mr. Hoar re- reduce the See to its true position as a religiousplied that having been sent there on a legal er- power has been made in our time; aud it was, rand, as the agent of a sovereign State, he should indeed, almost successful, if a concordat signed bya Pope and given under tho seal of the Fisherman not leave without some attempt to fulfill his mis- has any value.sion. A second interview took place the follow-ing day with the Sheriff, when Mr. Hoar was In 1833 the Pope Pius VII., almost canonized,again urged to leave, and on the same plea. by the Church, resided in Fontaiuebleau, near "What do you expect ?"'said the officer, "You Paris. Ou the 20th of January of that year his " can never get a verdict, aud if you should, the Holiness signed a concordat with Napoleon I., by "Marshal" would need all the troops of the virtue of which he forever resigued for himself " United States to enforce a judgment." Seve- and his successors all temporal power, and aban- ral gentlemen called in the course of the day, and doned the patrimony or homestead of St. Peter informed him of various plans to rid the city ^of to France. By an article of the concordat the MB presence, the mildest of .which was to take Pope was to receive two millions of francs him by force on board a packet and ship him to ($410,000), the Cardinals, the various PapalNew-York: But Mr. Hoar was immovable. At Chanceries, were to be taken care of by France, length a proposition was made to him, on tho and the Papal residence was to be in Avignon- part of tho Sheriff, that a case should bo made This concordat, which was signed aud celebrated up to be submitted to the Circuit Court, aud amid great pomp, was to be the evidence of con- then carritd to. the Supreme Court for final de- ciliation between the world and the Roman religion, cision, provided he would go; aud to this he as- or at least was so considered by Pius VII. sented.The downfall of Napoleon prevented the exe- In waiting the next day upon the Sheriff, this cution of this instrument. The Roman See, proposition was withdrawn, ou the ground that emerging from the ruins of the Napoleonic em- il adhered to, " the purposes of the State might pire, was the first to protest a^aiust and " be thwarted;" that it was an " insult in Mus- annihilate it. But all this cannot blot the con- "sachUKetts to send any person on such busi- cordat from the record of history; that now "ness," and that there was " a determination to proposed will constitute a secoud act in the " rid themselves of him by some means." Ou drama of the anuihilatiou of Papal Temporalities. returning to his hotel% Mr. Hoar was accosted The counselors ol the Papacy, nevertheless, are by a "deceutlv-dressed man," who said: "Y ou doing all in their power to prevent its making " bad better be traveling, and the sooner thebet- a decent exit from the stage of political events. " ter for you, I can tell you; if you stay here Cardinal Anteuelli, in the name of the See, has "till to-morrow morning you will feel something recently published the most violent and venomous " ) o u will not like, I'm thinking." He was orslarght upou universal suffrage in Italy, as again urged by gentlemen, to whom he had well as all over the world. It is not unusualbroughtletters,toleaveatonce,butheresisted formeniupowertoforgetortovilifythopriuii- their persuasions. That night he expected an t ve source whence their power was derived.attack upon the hotel, which ho afterward In the best and purest times of the primitive learned, was prevented by the promise of his re- Church, all the Bishops—the Roman Bishopsand doubted,if it would be in his power to pro-tion, which led to no result. Mr. Hoarhin:K?lf, St. Auselni, one of the loftiest charac-kept to his hotel, and avoided insult. The ters of the Churcb, was chosen IJishop of Milam excitement outside, meantime, increased, but the The Bishops of Rome, when they began to stylethemselves Popes, were elected as such by the and no doubt dreams of the promotion to which probably delayed a resort to extreme measures. people of that city, even so late as the tenththey may arrive under this new system One ol the persons who waited upon him said:il > , i . »~r•»..•••,.•• •I- jggg«figajj»j|MigBg| 