 • Q O K D O BSOTTOB AND„ D i U f l l J U X i * - * *pgaTr*jmr 5*wUxS'»» *•**• ^^&VT5aaawo»ajrea, MWi i*JlrifcKi froRtk flossy pittrwF or M# •1.V ~^Drumsaawna»rW 0> *• Warm* HS*AU> (MVknioOaw\ a l a m o X X Vl l l f » I» • • •.•*». 13Swill permitA meeting of the colored people was held at theIty, statesmanship and trnstwx)rthinem « sale at private entry, aad which shall remain may be said that they belong to the old fogy unsold after the lapse of thirty years, shall beA*^** ^fM*r>i*irwM-iiir«-wrwnj».The Chances of the Republican Preaidential Aspirante,AmsgttMiteftr to ieeeftfei oftheAMVuatMxm tmm BTaana.ITAUA* Ors-port yesterday, withfirstfreight through by canal and lakes this season.Tbeootton market wai arm yesterday, with sales of ultra men as Seward aad his clique. The next 2WObates,closingonthebasisof11«c. formiddlingSpecial WaoMlmsriomWJMay11,iasa.AOABSMT or MUSIC • tmirt.•atBowaaT Tuaaras, Cosrsjmoavnrra* o±*nsii MaoaeeatOie—u» Jowo. MticAPtr-L H u m i i ifewmanagers has the sagacity to see, and fall into the track of, the Impending political revolution.THE NEW TARIFF BUI—The new Tariff bill, whleh passed the House on Wednesday, under the title of "A Bill to Provide for the Payment of Outetanding^Treasury Notes, to Authorize a Loan, to Regulate and Fix Duties on Imports, and for other purposes," combines the princi- ples of specific and ad valorem duties. The bill authorizes the President to raise a loan of a sum not exceeding twenty-one millions of dol- lars, to be applied to the payment of appro- priations made by law and the balance of tresl sury notes now outstanding, and for no other purpose-. After prescribing the mode in which thestockshallbeissued,&a,thebillgoesonto fix the rates of duties upon foreign importa-The learner Philadelphia, chartered by th*of State, proceeded today to Nerfalk, (ortheparpose of btartaf the Japanese Embassy Is lam * , .W ALXACKS •urn.The Embassy ia to be received at the Navy Yard w*k great pomp, aad conducted to their quartan under ma tary escortIt it the intention ef the Preeideut to have a femei interview on Wednesday, in the presence of aw Cabtaet. and other* holding prominent public poatUoaaCapt Dupont, who has been designated to take charge of the Embaaey said on leaving to day that if happened to prevent, the steamer would reach the Ar-TBKATKE.—BniiiLAW—tenant* Lee and Porter; Charles W. Lee, Chief iJohn W. Hogg, Corresponding Ctark ef the Navy Depart moat; Mr. ArehboM, Chief lagtiinr of the Mavy; Mr Ledyard, son-in taw ef Mr. Gam; Parser <tas*ng*amj aad Dr. McDonald, Secretary to the Ossssataaaa, aat aWW BOWBBT. BOwery -O'NnAi, taa QSSAT-SSOIIM B O O I S T - B A S S Y m a t .hags.iiMun aMante*s OUSSCM, **•*"•».-£»?, The rtnltlmore Bfomlaatiotti aad toe Polt- iliiam-.i Ihiare for the Chicago C«n-aaYArnr aiaaraau* mm**** «aii,«Ts Bwadway - BOSSS, DASCSS, * © . - • * • * « » * • Ul T*A»0»La• IBUy» BALOOB. Bmsdwaj -<»BO. C i m t i ' i Mm RUUUMMt, bASCSS00-J*LAC*B*OSDIl**TlltiOB.The Domination of Bell and Everett at Balti-more has been received in a manner that indicates a nervous sensitiveness on the part of allwboarecommittedtoothercliquesandexisted some time ago, and It was for this democratic, republican, Union, opposition or senal on Monday at twelve o'clockreason that old Blair and Hon. Massa Greeley otherwise—farther than as parts of the great The Messrs. Willard have completed their arraag* trottedoutMadameBates,whilesomebodyelse ment*foraccommodatingtheEnvoysandtheirmtiaaU mentioned another splendid antique—Judge machine by which the political interests of the the entire satisfaction of the President aad offi^rs whoMOZART HALL. No. MS Broidwmy.—UCVTATUS OBART• political iuterests, and a growing convictiontions from and after the 1st of October next, McLean—who has been ready to run for the country are regulated. As to choosing an have the matter in charge.Presidency, upon any ticket, any time these five editor for our correspondent, we have too A whole floor, taking in upward* of twenty five parlor*, much to do to attend to our own concerns to ha* been newly furoianed aad fitted up tor their f**ecta and twenty years, and who has been politic illy undertake such a task. If he will take the accommodation. It i* the opinion of the officers who lur •BKTKATUXHIIT Moose* laisu Mau>M*a, AO.COOPS* ISCTlTUTn-txaiamo* or routs'* OSICISAL fiiinruis or TUB t«uat or UsAta-Day and Kraala*.HATIOFAL OOMOfRT 8«LOON. saaoaai Theatre.— Beset, t tacts. BC*ASKJCSS, So.OABUBn f)F THiRTKK.VTg STBMT AifB FOJBTH AVXRUa —1'AJuron.iu HaktcBBia.that the people will pass judgment on all the candidates according to their respective merits, rather than according to party lines and party dictation.The metropolitan press, with a single andnotable exception, all admit the personal meritthe principal articles of which we shall enume-rate:—On raw Bugar, the muscovado or brown,it fixes a specific duty of one cent a pound, andthe same rate upon syrup, concentrated molas-ses, sugar cane, white and clayed sugars, whennot advanced beyond the rawstate above num-ber twelve, Dutch standard; above that stand-ard, one cent and a half a pound; refined sugars, wait and see what was done at Charleston.aDd ability of the candidates, but each brings OSITT LlCITJM. Yoakew.-Afternios—Oao Oaawrri forward its own exception. The Tribune opinesdead two thirds of that time. It was noticed, however, that the attempt to galvanize these political relics did not excite any very great amount of enthusiasm iu any part of the coun- try. So the repssstican leaders concluded tothe matter in charge that the Embassy will malt* Wtl usual business course, and advertise for one lard'a their headquarter* while they remain in thuthrough our columns, just as people do for oountry.waiters and chambermaids, we have no doubt DOT AILS KSBPOSmiC THt STtlKllING *T CHAaLOXTOff <W TH* AUU.">T KUi»CY CtXiWllaTun*— »HO WAS WBO A** that he will soon get supplied. There are WHAT W AI WHAT—l'R.«-i'*<?lN >UR llAt.rmOM—*KvBS-<ITT plenty of idle editors floating around New OF MOKK CAPTION OK THK l'A«T Or S O r r H M * D**JBt; A Tfc - -MAN ItirHMOM) SUCllTl.Y PROFA**—TH* W W TOM KAT York, whose political convictions are not like- POSHly to stand in the way of their advancement New facts are continualiy coming to light iUustratir* of Here, for instance, is an application from an the utter protugacy of the conduct of the Richmom, tlaggrr &Co. faction at Charleston One of these sehiner* u aspirant in that line which has reached us con- jK'litica! treason is Ludlow, the chairmui of the rovlrfcmimai* ia 9oBb«, i-tacna. iioaiaMass, ha.stinct*, says "it is quite evident that some, private bills, and the Deficiency Appropriation at least, of the leading members of the1 TUB Sin— Although a stranger to you, and perhaps as he ca led it, that he had come te the Natloaai Coave* aciiag improperly to address you, still, for a long time 1bill. An executive session waa then held, and theSenate adjourned until Monday, in the House abill was reported providing tor carrying out theCotvention did not nominate this ticket for the special purpose of electing it. nor indeed with a settled intention ofs} utheliquors, fifty cente; Madeira, sherry and port wines, seventy five cents; champagne, Burgun- dy and hock, in casks, fifty cents; claret, Tene-riffe, Sicily and Canary wines, thirty cents; and all other wines not enumerated, thirty perhave considered the question whether you, having riaenta such distinction in the newspaper world, would con-deecend to notice a young man who h u ambition and d»aires to rise in the same way, and by energy, perseve-rance and esonomy, make my mark ta the future Tospeak plainly, then, 1 want to be aa editor, having jurtftniabed my education and chosen this life as most BUIUble and pleasant for me. I write to you asking if youhave not got a place of some kind ta your office; I carenot what it is at present—any kind of local reporting.&c. IamnotInsomuchneed ofthesalaryasIam ofthe position; and as for my abilities, Integrity, and thetike, 1can give you an abundance. Htili, 1 behave it.'. therwehecked off from the lie. of New York delegate!stipulations of the treaty with Paraguay. TheChairman of the Committee on Territories re- voting for it themselves." The Sun believesListen: if therelaw of the republic. You, conservative repub- licans, ignore Helper and Lovejoy and Seward, and all those pestilential fellows, and declare yourselves to be pure patriots, as immaculate as the lambs who have been seventimeswashed in Jordan. You declare that yours is the party of union; the democratic organization that of disunion. Very well. You make this pro-ported bills for organizing Terrritorial govern- ments for Idaho, Nevada, Chippewa, Arizona and Dacotah, snd they were all laid on the table, i terthat "the Convection has utterly disappointedthe hopes of the people, whose wishes it affect-meeting was private. From the Clerk of the Com-mittee, however, we hav* the information that adency to rebel against the dictation of conven- tions, when this does not accord with their ownad valorem ; on all other kinds of rolled orThey want somebody they can elect. They can elect Seymour, aad they oaa elect three or four more, and. notwithstanding his damned squatter sovereignty no* sense, they can elect Doug!** I don't suppose we can uoa Date htm, but he would make th* best man of alL In* people in the rural districts are all for him, because i v y hate the aimmi*tration aad admire piuck. And he wouldn't hurt the South. By God, they know tt, and once nominated, be would carry every Southern State.'\sub-committee, consisting of Aldermen Cornellaad Bagley, and Councilmen Van Tine and Shaw, wishes. This arises from the conviction whichall of them entertain, that party lines have be- too long to enumerate here—the duties varyingfor you. Never mind about Mr. Bells age or Mr. Everett's mild and undemonstrative amia- bility. It is very easy to cry old fogy; but, in the opinion of many solid men hereabouts (and some of them have been youngerwere appointed to proceed immediately to Wash-ington to obtain an interview with President come greatly broken up among the people, andat specific and ad valorem rates.On all unmanufactured wool or hair, the va-Council, to receive and do honor to the Oriental Ambassadors upon their return from Washington to New York, after which the committee ad- journed. All the members were present except Alderman Starr. It will be remembered that Councilman Van Tine was one of the committee whotookchargeoftheTurkishAdmiralandsuite duringtheirsojourninthecity.correspondence from London in relation to the lateprizefight,which was still tee all-abtorbing topic.The authorities in England are determined to pre-vent a second meeting, and as far as the belt is Chicago Convention, and effect a completecolumns at least political controversies shouldLACEA KKESB'S TUX-ITRE—LAST NIGHT OF TH* BKAAOS —this evening Miss Laura Keens announces as the lastbight of her present season, the third or her very elegantand popular establishment. The occasion is made the aad every candidate to be presentedfan., at rebelboa, which'van suppressed, an: --a Natloaai Guardahrre dsya. la leatevideo tat proposed treatywi b ~»<?d, eagejsroaialag the tadapeadeaee of the • r.tal State, was rejected. PaeaengeMo hi*, been pat la quarantine for twelveinfluences which can, and will eventually con- trol it, to operate.There ia a set of managers among the black republicans who see these things very clearly; *od they have been laboring to bring aboutquired by the MturaUzation laws, before theissuing of the patent. Nothing in this act shallbe construed so as to Impair the existing pre-emption, donation, or graduation laws, or toembrace lands reserved to be sold or entered such foul-mouthed vituperation against the at the price of two dollars aad fifty cents an ehief magistrate of the nation. It goes far tosoireewiu,takeplace tonight. best of the aeries.Too programme to theaformedbimofwheaheaeeomTred. Aodasitw**^ that If there should be • o r e baUotttag too T*&*rf**Zthat all of the party organizations are under-NEW YORK HEKALD, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.NEW YORK HERALD. entertaining, and we have on hand foil reports tame conservative section of the black republi- ment for any purpose. All lands within the of then, which win be printed aa soon as oar apace can, All partieerecogntoe their respectabUi limit of any State which have been subject toruffianism of the politicians, what will bethought of the general habits aid tone of ourpeople? In what degree of respect will thestatesmen be held abroad of whom we speak In Inside Tiew of the Plots of the Albany such slighting barms. The effect may be es- timatedbytheanecdoterelatedbyMr.Bu-ceded to such State, upon the Legislature as- pathywithcertainPhiladelphianegrorescuers. gument,broughtforwardonlywhennodirect sentingtothecession;butthecessionshallinSbuoh African church last evening, to express symschool of politicians, but this la a pointless ar-RegencyatCharteston.charge can be sustained; and besides, if they no case invalidate any Inceptive preemption and the proceedings were of no interest to the belong to an old school, both Bates aad McLean right or location, nor any sale which maybechanan the ether day. "If we were to judge by the language of your newspapers," said an English gentleman to him* "we should take the men whom yen select for positions of high political trust for the veriest scoundrels in society."Too Lam FOR iKsmmoN IN THI COLUMN OFThe attendance did not excess! thirty persons,public. » belong to one much older. In the present con- The Quarantine Commissioners have accepted the dition of public sentiment, both North andmade by the United States. This Is about the substance of Senator Johnson's Homestead bULA Grstmd Opening far the Chicago Com- voatlostiresitaatioa of Dr. Harris, of the Floating Hospital,aad directed! the Secretary of the Board to ma-charge all the employes on the hoik, with the ex-ception of one man, to act as shipkeeper or cus-South, wltt a conaervatlye reaction in foil tide against the fanatical and radical black republl- cans, and a wearisomeneas everywhere of the squabbles and spoils hunting of the democrats,Ja»*aeatmake a curious chapter if published. The Passage of the D*Ociency BUI intodianof theproperty. Nofunds havebeenpro-tided to defray the expenses of the Floating the conaervatiTe elements at Chicago could notWANTS.—The applications that we daily receivedo better than to unite on BeU and Everett, cessity of this step. and let the ultra radicals go off on some otherWe learn by telegraph from St Catharines, C candidate, By inch a course end a jndioions they should select, and the platform which W., that the broken look in the Welland Canal is campaign, they might sweep the country and they should manufacture. Their main partydifficulty, and one that is aggravated in the present condition of political affairs, is the taint of sectionalism, Helperism and Spooner- ism which has been fastened on them by the Seward clique, and which Is especially dis- tasteful to the conservatives of the Central States, who have the final decision of the mat-HospHal during the coming season; aeace the ne-repaired—boats commenced locking yesterday elect their ticket by the popular vote. But morning. The canal is BOWin good order. We they cannot carry the weight of the radicals. also have advices by telegraph from Milwaukee In 1852 the people refused to accept and vote that the propeller Young America arrived at thatwriters evidently labor under the impression that the management of the HKRALD is an un- important matter, and makes bnt trifling de- mands upon our time. Out of a pile of these requests now lying before ni we select the fol- lowing as a sample of their modest and matter of fact character:—• * VIIAAOS, ytchfield Oo.Oonn., May 5,1860. Ma BKKNHT:—DBAK Sm—I take the liberty of addressing you these ltaeo. We are ta want of an editor to take the charge oi an office in this Iowa. We hare no democratic paper in the county, and have three republican. We propose tot h e S e n a t e .Split Among the Republican 01 the lew Territorial Bills,*••» *•* 4#.r a a r a u i -lendet to check transaction* in Hour, and especially for ' -HAtaSD—CSA*I**TO!» .xport Sales of all kinds were moderate, while prises were without change of moment Wheat was In fair re- quest, aad the market rather firmer, with a fair amount Krtaiag—FnaehFwfarmMee— of Hies. Corn was steady, aad the demand fatr. Pork was firmer, with sales at prions given la another column Sugars were sold to the extent of about 700 a *00 hhds., chiefly Cubes, at steady prices. Coffee was quiet for most descriptions; 1,809 bags St Domingo were gold at IS fco Freights were firm, aad for Liverpool flour closed at 2*., and grain at 0\d. a 7d. In bulk and ship'sweekswill showwhichset ofpoliticalLAUSO. aatirai TaaATaa, o* svosowny.-couoMThe above, strictly classified, should find a place in our column of wants, but it suits our purpose to treat it as too late for insertion, and to give it a place here. In reply to our corres- pondent's Inquiries, we have to inform him. and all others who have not watched our course, that we care nothing for any party-••aarafniAJi •a*B>tatag.uplands The advancing tendency in Liverpool freightster in theirhands.While theseconservativesthat "it imposes upon the members of the Re- two cents and a half a pound; refined sugars, publican Convention at Chicago the necessity of tine lured or in any way adulterated, five cents;The result of the Democratic Convention distressed the wirepullers on the other side terribly, and they are really on their beam ends, without chart or rudder, aud not knowing what to do.In this state of things, we feel moved to help our black republican friends out of their trouble, and point out to them the broad aud easy road to victory and one hundredmillions of spoils per annum.is anything, Messieurs Republicans, for whichyou are distinguished (according to your ownaccount) over and above all other factions audparties, it is your unswerving loyalty to theconstitution, your unvarying fealty to theUnion, your rigid determination to assist In theenforcement of the federal enactments, and tosustain the compromises and guarantees of thefamous instrument which forms the organic fair average stuff out of which country editors vention." The manner in which they Iked was lowTRIPLE SHEET. additional wisdom if possible.'1 The Journal and on confectionery and other kinds notNet* fork, *»tar4*y. Hey 1». I860.The JifWi.In Congress yesterday the Senate passed severalof Qwnitrrc. on the other hand, thinks it " has setted thechances against thenominationof any conservative selection by the republicans atChicago." The Times,true to its own in-piovided for, an ad valorem duty of thirty per cent.The duties on brandies, spirits, wines, cor dials, are specific, as enumerated, thus:—Bran- dy, a dollar a gallon; other spirits, forty cents;cordials and liquors, fifty cents; arrack, ab-currently with bis letter:—CONCORD, N. H , May 8,1860. JAMIS GORDOK BxNwrr, Bac.:—State Coavention which was held at SyracuM laai Sep tember. At a meeting of the New York delegation at Charleston, thi* Ludlow rone up to refute the "slanilw,ed t©represent,and its action will be repudiat-a lively conversational debate w.th reference to ed and condemned." The Express only is si- rent ad valorem. Ale, porter and beer, in bottles,beet recommendation a young man can give 1B by a trial who could" be certainly counted on for hi* support aa< of himself. Win tt trouble you too much to answer and who could not " Among thane marked as Douglas' certhe clause in the bills prohibiting slavery. TheCommandant of the Washington Navy Yard sent the nominations of the Convention, which ittwenty-five cents a gallon; in casks, fifteen cents, and all other spirituous liquors, thirty per cent ad valorem. All kinds of tobacco are subject to an ad valorem duty, except segars of all kinds, which must pay fifty cents a pound and ten per cent ad valorem; snuff, ten cents; unmanufactured leaf, twenty per cent, and allan invitation to the House to witness the reception of the Japanese Embassy on Monday; but the House refused to adjourn for the purpose, and one member expressed himself as opposed to whathe called this expensive Japanese humbug.The Japanese Embassy will be formally receivedhas so loDg pretended to put implicit faith in. it curtly announces the fact in three lines in its summary of news, and devotes neqrfb/ two co-lumns to a post prandial address In favor ofhowever, were to "lie low until they got into the C*a are made, and we therefore enclose his letter, enough. I am told that before leaving New Yorkinto the federal capital will be attended with allthe pomp and circumstance that the governmentOn bar iron, rolled and hammered, including These diverse and distinct expressions and iron less finished than bars and more advancedofficials can master. They are to be quartered atWlUard's Hotel, where ample accommodations ndications show the nervous condition of thethan pig iron, the duty is fifteen dollars a ton;To his friends from the tatertor Richmond M l - "What the hell do we care tor the South. What we want, by God, te a democratic party at the North. Daaa the South. Y es, by bod, they are all verylent Not a word does it give editorially onoblige, moat truly yours, * » *The writer of the above seems to be of the tain adherents were Richmond and Cogger,both of wbem,Sam Houston, adopted in a meeting at the Me-by the President on Wednesday next. The entry tropolitan Hotel, two days before the meeting j other tobaccos, thirty per centwith name and address, to our correspondent As our advice is asked on some other points of their proposed enterprise, we would strong- ly recommend the parties Interested in it to first secure the capital required before theyMr. Richmond misled aa ex. United States Senator i*u the conviction that he would "in no ease go for Dot* la*:" but ho began to change his tone before arriving .1 Charleston, and, while conversing with delegate oat league* from the interior of the State, repudiated aii of his previous implied engagements.of the Baltimore Convention.politicians, and their anxieties during the pre- railroad iron fitted to be laid down without far-have been prepared for them. ther manufacture, twelve dollars a ton; boiler fession of faith to catch the votes of the conser-The Joint Special Committee of the Common sent President hatching season. Among all ofCouncil appointed to adopt measures for extend- them there is an earnest desire to bring their plate, twenty dollars; Iron wire one-fourth Ofvatives in the Central States, but they must have something more. Platforms are nothing, resolutions trash, political principles bosh. What Is required is a ticket in which people can have confidence, and that Is made to youran inch in diameter or less, seventy-five cents Ambassadors met yesterday at noon, but their backing as possible, and an undisguised ten- per one hundred pounds, and fifteen per centing the hospitalities of the city to the Japanese personal preferences forward with as strong aBuchanan, and through him extend the freedomand hospitality of the city to the illustrious visiters. going a process of disruption and decay. In suchA resolution was also adopted to the effect that the a state of things the masses cannot be held byMayor be authorized, in the name of the Common the cobweb ties of party, and the political is fixed at eight cents a pound; and skins with once than they are now), an old fogyThisfactmayproduce great changesattheThe Homestead bill, which passed the Senateon Thursday by a vote of 44 to 8, provides thatany person who is the head of a family may, The course pursued by the Times, the IW&unefor Gen. Scott, the best known and most trust- ed man In the country, solely because they be- lievedthat he was under thecontrolofsuchkirschenwasser, ratafia,and other likeOur black republican friends, who will meetat their Chicago wigwam bright and early next from persons having wants to satisfy would Wednesday morning, are understood to be ina terrible quandary as to the candidates whomEmbassy.are bitterly opposed to the extreme fire-eating furntfth th- capital to start a first class country paper,democracy of the South, they do not accept the Helper doctrine of stirring up the non- slaveholders of the South to promote insurrec- tions, and put down the peculiar institution, nor do they agree in Mr. Seward's theory of the "irrepressible conflict." They consider that the radical republicans have placed themselves in an attitude as dangerous and treasonable as the Garrisonians, and will hesitate a long while before they place the government of the country in their hands. Some of the managers of the purely political spoils-seeking section of the party found that this feelingaad would be pleased to have you select an editor for asK there should chance to be one that you know of thatwould he competent to such aa undertaking. We aJroadyhave the guarantee from our leading democrats that ttahaU be well supported. We would like also to have youinform ua the probable cost of supplying the wants of aucha paper as I have described. If it is not too much troubleplease Inform me by mail at as early an opportunity as isconvenient, as we are ta search of light oa thla subject. fall marine band oa board. Very reapectfuUy,youra, • # •rangements afterwards. As to starting a new paper, we must say that we do not see the least necessity for it, seeing that there are al- ready three republican journals in their lo- cality. They will have no difficulty in buying up one of them, printing materials, principles and editor included.[As correct historians, we do not o*nit the profanity at CHARLESTON.—One of the extraordinary fea tributed to Mr. Richmond by our Washington correspan tures presented by the late Democratic Con- dent, but we distinctly repudiate any endorsement of it,vention at Charleston was the fact that Cus- especially during this solemn period of aoniversar; week —En. N. Y. HHULD ]lored or printed, and not exceeding one hun- Kansas-Nebraska bill, the first party capital tom House officials of this city appeared os- "Then, Mr. Richmond," remarked some tnterlopar. «hammered iron, one dollar per one hundredpounds. The list ol manufactured iron is quite hand. The Baltimore ticket Is just the ticketlue of which at the last port from whence ex- ported exceeds sixteen cents a pound, the dutyCONDUCT OP CUSTOM HOUSK OFFICIALS ATthe wool on, fifteen per cent ad valorem. On is better than a young fool or a middle agedleaders and Presidential aspirants are all trickster. Both Bell aad Everett opposed the struggling to place their own personal claims all manufactures ef cotton, not bleached, co-before them to the best advantage.dred threads to the square inch, and exceeding obtained by the republicans, and as good astentatiously upon the arena, reviling Mr. Bu- understand you to be ta favor of the atmlnfilrf a chanan in every barroom and at every corner Dougta*.'' -'it's no such thing 1 didn't say ao, rep*the Dean. "I am for the best man, and nobody on* at ofthestreets,andplayingthepartisanfora whobeteuntilhegetsatthewishesofourdetagaooa.For these reasons no popular verdict will bepassed upon any of the candidates presen<ed in weight five ounces per square yard, one centnew in the back districts yet untilallofthemarebroughtforward. Then ayard;onfinerandlightergoods,twocents, Theverybestthing,then,thattheconservativerepublicans can do at Chicago Is to take the Bal-Hon. John Bell, the recently nominated Union each according to bis antecedents and the con- ture ; and twenty five per cent ad valorem upon timore ticket and platform, smashing all the with the President Indeed, some of these mencandidate well known to be at bitter enmity csndidate for the Presidency, was complimented fidence he inspires. The conservative reaction all cotton goods the value of which shall ex- slates, breaking up all the combinations, and openly and above board proclaimed them-by a serenade, torchlight procession, Ac, at Phila. delpbta last evening, and Mr. bell addressed the people on the political issues of the day. A re- port of his remarks may be found in another column.A huge meeting was held last evening at theCooper Institute, to take into consideration theiniquity of the imprisonment .of Thaddeus Hyattceed sixteen cents the square yard. These going before the people with a clean ticket selves the confidential agents of that candidate,r1c ttrU <t: I ni faI *tr- b. 1: theX&ei e<f Otru tint, to•km t ^ t can oa Curg*ou Ore Woo Taa •€» «* ' pub OfOaitutDai €10 cmtheaoaSou Hoin Washington, for alleged contempt or the Senate, elsewhere, and it may produce very importaut Addresses were made by Bev. Dr. Cheever, Wen- changes in the position of candidates and par-deli Phillips. William Lloyd Garrison, Rev. Mr. ties everywhere. Success is the aim and object Worth and Charles Sewell, Esq. The martyrs of all of them, and the political managers,part included in previous tariffs. abusing their trust, and abandoning their du-This bill was Introduced by Mr. Morrill, and PERSONAL ABUSE FOR PARTY PURPOSES.—It is ties to filibuster against the government, and alone could have done me any serious damage." It ***the ms=ses will begin to concentrate aboutand so on, in proportion to fineness of tex-We have got, first, to toes that damned smart feU*. Wood, overboard. Haw' haw! haw! When we're rot rid of him there will be time enough to talk."Cogger * Co. did get rid. for the moment, of Wood andhte friends, but ta order to do so s perfect steeple eaaaewhich has been evinced in the recent elections Such a course would go far to convince the in Connecticut, Rhode Island and Wisconsin, comprise the leading articles of importance inand in their blind confidence of success, or their are expressed by the various cliques among cent is levied upon articles In the crude state skeptical on the point, that the bulk of the defied the administration, misrepresented news-of mendaoit.. and trickery was resorted to, which BeeUe and the several grounds of preference which commerce. An ad valorem duty of ten per people, who are stupid enough to be somewhat skill In playing political bluff, denounced and >>ub himself could not have caaght up with. The JM •/the black republicans, show that the popular sentiment against the radicals and extremists will have its effect at Chicago, as it has hadfor purposes of manufacture; twenty and thirty party Is sound on the great question of the per cent on miscellaneous articles, manufac- day.papers, and acted generally in the most reck- less manner, under the very nose of the Col- lector of the Port, who was present at the Con-iae argument was, ackaowledgedly, so Wood's side, aai the infamoas jealousy with which Cochrane wai ousted from the position of defender of the Syracuse party, changed into disgust for their cause the very men wa* were pledged to sustain it Evea Wood felt sorry to And himself so feebly opposed, and with bluer contempt re marked, "Why could they not have left Cochrane ar*i»*» me? He te a noble foe, and worthy of my *i*rL Hetured wholly or in part, according to classi-fication. The list of articles exempt from duty vention. Will they take it? As that venerable vention; and these men still retain their situa- is quite large, and comprises those for the most patriot, Ritchie, would say, nous verrons. tions in the Custom House, after so shamefullya foregone contusion, however, snd the doable*^*- pledges of Richmond, Ludlow sod Cagger had secured the voice of the Convention long before its assem>la|< at Charleston. It is said to be clearly provable—and teat» will be proved, if necessary—that the Regency clique aa* pledged its support ta the most sokmn manner to e*c&concerned it woald seem that Heenan stands no revolution in the political aspect of the coun- after the act becomes a law, enter one quarter and other black republican papers, in refer- more Interesting by being assigned S>r the benefit of Mm Even after these Douglas conspirators had obutaot chance of receiving it Both parties, Sayere par- try. If the conservative elements there resist section (ICO acres) of vacant and unappropri- ence to a recent appointment by the President, Keene, and she concluding performance of Mr Bourci their seats they were very nearly bostea by t!>* large ticularly , were receiving substantial testimonials of the dictation of the radicals, which, if submit' cault's "Colleen Bawn," that interesting young person mtaprtty of conservative meo in th* Ner Tort the public admiration. Our correspondent says ted to, will involve them all in hopeless de^ ated lands, or any less quantity, to be located is one which cannot be too strongly condemned being transferred to the Arch street theatre, Philadelphia, delegation Corning, Cochrane, CroeweU. sck*^ that Sayers will very probably visit the United feat, and refuse to adopt an ultra nomination, in a body, in conformity with the legal subdi- by every decent journal. The spirit and lan- next week. Without doubt the public will bear subslan Fowler, Rynders, DeWoif, Mclntyre, Btryker. Par*.States this summer. vision of public lands, upon making affidavit guage of the articles that they have published tiaftestimony to Miss Keene's deserved popularit?, both Russell, Barlow, Butterworth, Waterbury, Cooper,they will be supported by the large class of before the Register that the applicant is head on the subject are such as would disgrace a aa artist and manager, by crowding the theatre from Our Paris, Berlin andViennacorrespondence peopleinthe Northwhoreject aliketheIdea ofafamily,andisactuallysettledontheland, Five Points barroom. Such language used parquettogallery.interest and conversation from the aristocratic that must be supported, and the fanatical benefit, and that of no one else. Thefinalcer- indefensible, but it is doubly so when it is po- opera "Mose" will be sung to-day for the matinee, being pired1, voted for him at the last moment, eaoer tirwere in full council.We publish in to-day's paper some interestingto be regretted, for the credit and respectabilitysting like vipers the hand that gives them their daily bread.knowing the strength of the conservative tide, are all endeavoring so to trim their sails as to catch the rising popular breeze.passed the House by a vote of 89 to 37.WHAT THE HOMESTEAD BILL PROVIDES Foa.— induce it to enter into personalities. In itswill also be found elsewhere. In Paris, as in Lon- that slavery is a righteous and just institution,don, the great prize fight waa the topic of general and that the application Is made for his or her towards the Executive would at any time be Acinar? or Mrsio—PATTI MATUTB.—Rossini's grand Douglas, but who, by some moans that have not •r*a>soJoat, even from the Empress' boudoir, to the theory that it is an evil and a sin which must sssaasat cabartL The great event of the day was be destroyed. There can be no doubt that the the Empress* Hal Costuntf, a very full description great mass of public opinion in the Northern of which is given in one of our Paris letters. From States is antagonistic to the idea of slavery, Berlin aad Vienna the news is chiefly political.tificate, or patent, shall not be Issued for five litically objectless. The President is near thethe only morning performance that can oe given of it thkGuthrie or Mr. Dickinson wouli have received toe tiurtJ five votes of New York. The majority in »vor o castag the voice of the State for Douglas wa* only two m » • New Y ork delegation. %Therecordoftrickery te notendodyet TheOnMObut It is equally opposed to making it a matterupon the land for the five years; whereupon the is nothing to be gained by following him up Academy before going to Europe. On Tuesday she will Uon adjourned on Thursday. Use 3d of May,to nw*t •**frial,owing,aodoubt,tounskilfultreatment. In wardlongsince,undertheoperationofnatural notbeliablefor debtuntilafterthepatentis Some respect should be paid to hisyears, * *hm ttfcfMKj tfc.1 ^ ^ ^ p wOJ ^ A o r t > causes, had the subject not been made one of ssued. In cases of false swearing upon making if not to his office. Whatever may be. Jig to the great want of rain in that province, political discussion. There is, therefore, a the entry, or abandoning the land for more the disfavor with which his acts are viewed byTaaOrauATTOWormG-uuanr.—"LaJuive"willbe determined,bytheadoptionof a eotnorwBuae""^J* given at the matinee to-day, for Us very last performance. toot the vote of the State, after five more bn , J Fabbrl aad Stigelli slog In this opera. On Monday Fres- should no longer be cast for Douglas, bat for some r: eeazaewantwaaseverelyfeltatPernambuco. OartaftangeaeetoaaBeaaaaAyraa istoMarch l<*,foerdaye later than that previously receivedCoB?^<waWt alarm had beta caused by an at, cal arena altogether, and permit the naturalthan six months at one time, the land shall re-those politically opposed to him, It should bezounl stags to the "Trovatore,'' aad ea Tuesday "Nana. eo" »iU oe produced, with Fabbri aad a sow tenor, Ml- randola,em or notional man, to b* selected at a aobsnu** ingof theNe* York delegates. Oosof th* ***V**~ ta»*ve Mr. Clancy, of your dty-testantiy teft tho roo-The s uMffaaa Beard of Commiseioners in behalfo f Fo. clga Mhwioaa bald a meeting yesterday fa position Coavontion at Baltimore, in the hope acre. The President is required to order all justify the reproach used against us by fo-Supreme Court—Geaaral ToBefore Hon. Judges Sutherland, Mullin and The PtcpU and WalU *v • XTwOC MSn tbia case a aooMtefendant, being arict, waa Ineligible to the office of »— sasaoojaoslto sot aatao. FreawakeajourneytaJunetoBnWmor*only be to a "Boagtas ratificationbut wiser haadt do not believe It, sod the end of aU« tobesesnyst. Someoftbe Regency bookers are sooomtag woarta* of thotr serv**** cannot be made to follow tailof the* ware anpaitati at theDr. Atkaa chorea, aad the Women's Bights Con Hie addreeaei at both tbegagaUMXiOfs wart highly°1T V^LI* nominee endorsed by the Conven-surveyed public lands into market, by procla reigners, that we believe In nothing, and honormation, within two years from the data ef this nothing. If the press, which is regarded asa» of theda'i «e--*61Isl a ithe nomination of Bates or McLean by the op-is certified by two credible witnesses that the nor the desire to enter upon another contest Hissettlerhaserectedadwellinghouseandresided politicallifewillsoon beatanend, andthereMAPAMKGAzauTKU will stag for three nights at theBy the bark Iamaa, Capt. Brooks, we have dates of civil war. So evident is this truth, that thefrom Pernambuco to April la. There had been sere conviction is very generally entertained thatfelceaseofyellowfever,nearlyallofwhichproved theslaveStatelinewouldhaveretreatedsouth- fivecentsanacre.Thelandthusacquiredshall 1ignant,unscrupulousandperseveringhostility. ficienttocrowdthebouse. Yorkdelegationwascolled oa thatday,atwhteft« •"1and Everettticketshould not be adopted b v the act, exceptffuohas are reserved b j the gwearn the great organ, of instruction, descends to the 'M-.iantaprwaV.i. aad the aifosasal of theUntitled Documenta*«r4 this morntaf,l x x * * a rosorrad.Such is our advice gratis to the Chicago Con-of the press, that party animosity should everbe carried on without a resort to such weapons.years after the date of entry, and not before it close of MBterm, and has neither the intention season. It is a very fine work, elaborately and wel1 done, and deserves public attention in an envnent degree.appear in her grand role, the "TraviaU,' for the last time month in Baltimore. The reaoluttoo to do so wa* t>r°*» patent Bhall be issued upon payment of twenty- to the period of bis retirement with such ma- in this country. Tae simple announcement should be suf- about in the following manner —A meeuog of thestrong tendency among the Northern oppo-nents of slavery to throw it out of the politi- by this act are extended to inchoate citizens judgment is ripest and responsibility mostvert to the government The righto confarredwho have declared their intentions, as re felt, and that younger men should, in differingremembered that he Is at the age when thewith him, at least accord him the credit of the motives which they claim for themselves. Nothing can reflect more disgrace upon our in- stitutions than the free and unchecked use ofWnmnt Guam.—The performance by the French ar- tists for Juigtiet's benett to-night should not bo forgotten. The "Mercadet" ef Batons to the pttoetooi play.wouldboolnunteheo, aad,as oa ^ ^ ^ ' ^ ^ T l . w. nnaitnai** taa aOtourasosot dodge wcommit themselves to any steps involving ex-pense. Democratic politicians are slipperycustomers, and are more remarkable for theirreadiness to promise than to keep faith. Let well, but they most learn that men are good our correspondent and his associates, there- for nothing unless they are strong at uom* fore, bag the money first and make their ar- Our people won't stand this God damned agitatio*rJJ GBxxnma'B ROOMS.—Mason aad Thomas' fourth ijssrtrol and proceeded to that of Mr. Kchardooo, sf *°*'""*?wITTEE18TDIG FEOI WlSHIGrOl.Uon "committed to Douglas " He eaidthat a wa* r*Jt« that he had been "committed to any^fan." aad he dehe* any delegate to prove,the char£wthat had been mate againet him. Be was taken at hi* word A aelegue tcok the Coor after htm, who requested him .» "deny, If he dared, that while in Washington, M hM way to Charleston, he bod, In Ntcodemm fashion, for fear of being foi.nd out, gos* with aa omnibus load of friends to the little Giant's bouse, aa*'and over a dozen others, fought desperately against the sectionalism aad frand thatopposedthem Batforto* (ieiectton of three delegate* who were pledged ag aa*other sssa bs aooMoeaen, is* asjumTM • ^ toning upon the Convention, aad Oafprwns ena*«- wftttaohookta, to to! his Meads that they wer*g*ngwm that H w0*14 Psrbepti Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 