 [ I t ift **itselfshouldfindittwaytoeveryfamily.LetitskindlypromisedhimatameetingatM.Target's."A Moiin ," Monsieur L»ABBE DE LA ROCHE.••AAuteull."It genuine, it is a curious instance of Franklin'swasprematurelyannounced bythe booksellers under the title of "Genealogy of the Turning Ta- bles. Atthat time,turning-tables andtalking- tables and cognate phenomena hud a "wonderfulThestrongerspecimensfurnishedbyM.Nisardare not quotable iu English, nor yet in French, M . were all safe in the hands of the trustees. I here wa<wholesome instructions on the charge of the sickroomhe followed,anda largeportion ofthephy-sician's duty would become a sinecure.»LIFEOKJKSC8. AMANCAI.VOKAOAUKMIO.STCI>V.Byl>r. CAJU, df.\)»«. TmuxUtudby JAM'K»_.KJIKK*AJS Ci.AHKK. I'/ino.[rp.2fc7. \V»lkcr, Wine &Co.Among the living theologians of Germany, Haee is oistingnished for his ficedom from extreme views, his widerangeoflearning,andhisgenialityandeloquence ofexpression. Thework,ofwhichMr.Clarkehas givenafaithfulandspiritedversion,hasahighrepu- tationfcracutenessanderudition,whileitisafavorite witbmanyforitspopularcharacter. Thebibliograph-Nisard.modestlypreservingthem,wrappedin their original Latin. A taste or two ofthe milder sort of•••;tracfcfOTtosuchwantofsomeone"incharge,"orof ulatetheplunging,thereadingwithunequalpaces,%howtobe"incharge." Ashorttime ago, tfee buiHUDg of a fnonel-casing on hoard the finest and strongest ship chat ever was built, on her trial trip,formancesofhigherandlowerpowersarerepro- tainitisthatthenameofMcDougalhasfiguredex-tensivelyintbePoliceCourtsonsimilarcharges,hot whether UUBis the same man or riot we cannot say.! ?'!accountably thoughtless. What do you think the pa-tient is thinking of during your gaps ol non-reading 1 D o formers were members of different chapels.of his L1 Ann 6c Scientifiqw et Indttstridfc. All that hasbeensaidinthis correspondence ofitsprede- cessors, applies t o this excellent popular expose of thescientificlabors,inventions,andimportantappli- cations ofseiencetoarts andmanufactures thatIIif'•"• h iU JJXtiii•w»4s "*'»««««'14that came i n . Rich people like to have their stables ,re which can be inflicted either on sick or well. F o r ,The Same.Fundamental Ideas of Mechanics and Experimental Data. B yA. Morin. Revised and translated by Joseph Bennett. J2mo.pp.445. D.AppletonfcCo.LITERARY.» —nidren,broughtnpinlarge"well-aired"nurseriesand Alldoctrinesaboutmysteriousaffinitiesandaver- bedn-onos suifer from children's epidemics. I f they sions will be found to resolve themselves very much,studiedNature'slawsinthematterofchildren'shealth, ifnotentirely?intopresenceorabsenceofcaremthese thev would not be so surprised. There are other ways things.of liaving filth inside a house beside having dirt m A nurse who rustles (I am speaking of nurses pro-heaps. Old papered walls of years' standing, dirty fessional and unprofessional) is the horror of a patient, carpets, uncleansed furniture, are just as ready sources though perhaps he does not know why.of impurity tt> the air as if there were a dung-heap in The fidget of silk and of crinoline, the rattling of the basement. People a?e so unaccustomed from edu- keye, the creaking of stays and of shoes, will do a pa^cationandhabhstoconsiderhowtomakeahome tientmoreharmthanallthemedicinesinthe"world—TheTiadeSalesofNew-YorkandPhiladelx>hia thatthissaidrelativeisapersonation(likethe for th e Spring season will shortly take place, th e " Philo Junius" of th e great letter-writer) formed formercommencingonthe29th,andthelatteronthe for giving currency to matter that theexpe-•ventilationiscomparativelyuseless. Incertainfoul isbecomeofwoman'Blight step?—thefirm,light,districts of London, poor people used to object to open quick step we have been asking for ?M.A. 12mo.pp.420. J.B.Lippnicott&Co. Life'sEvening; Or,'1houghtsfortheAned. By the Author,of" Life's Morning." 12mo. pp. 262. J. E. Tilton &. Co.of travelers h a s already made and do now yearly "the sublime andtheridiculous arehustledto- makethesamevoyagetothewateringplacesofthe gether." H e has therefore enlarged his orignal Pyrenees; but they have not the eyes to see nor theplan, and instead of confining himself to very sum- pen to write of which M. Taine makes such use,.theniaseofletterswrittenincypherbyJosephBona- agreaterrortoimaginethatthecauseswhichin Erasmusasfollows:"Omonster,Owretoh,O eic-ntoWiudungtonnextmonth.Tbiity-tworo*»parte, King ofSpain, Marshal Soult, and others, our dayhave brought forth thebelief inspirit- "impure,Odrunkard,Ohangman,Oparricide,O bavetofaragreedtocarryholdersofiovitationsfro*intrufctedtohimbytheDukeofWellington,but rappersandtalking-tablesareofmodernorigin. "goat!"«fco. Andallthiscataraotofhardnames ontheoccasion. Thedesignistoto^te«veryedtw actuallycopiedfairlyfortheprinterthowholeofher Thisloveofthemarvelousbelongstoallperiods; aproposofapurelyliteraryqueslion! ButM.andpeoples,foritliesintheverynatureofthe NSard'stwovolumesarebynomeanstntirelymadeIintbeWestandSouth-West,aswellasataayotasr JUseemstomeWj^Sesudoeete,books,accounts,6cc, oftheoriginalwillbefoundbythestudenttobeaccu- hobband'ssomewhatroughandunintelligibleMSB. humanmind. Byaninstinctivebutunjustdistrunt ofsuchviolencesasthese. Hisanalysisof,andox- points,whomaydesiretojointbeexcursion,eachgod-t.*\"H» •JvKijfjFTF PUBLICATIONS.that, in case of absence oreverything up to others and :*W$&jSW.as usual, and that one shall never be missed.riods, and putting on different aspeccs, according to timesy places, and customs, i t has given birth t o manifestations various in form, but essentially iden- ticalinprinciple.manners of their timea, and present, ia readable form, what was known hitherto to few evea o f tfc» learned, and was buried far beyond the research of literarydilettantiinthema*uscripfcsofoldlibraries.\, •PLOREKCE NIGHTINGALEO N•»NUKSING.NOISE.^ ^ ^The substance of this work consists of a seriesofessays published a few years since in the BJbliotheoa nately brought in contact with. A labored article inKOT2S ON NUBStNG: WHAT IT IS, A2T»WHAT IT IS NOT. By F-LOKKSCK NlOHTtSOAt*. Smo, pp.140. D. Appleton it Co.I have resulting^TX ^Sacra, together with large additions prepared e x -pTt sely fc r the present volume. I n developing his a r -gument, D r . Cheever considers it in its philological,legal, historical, and moral relations. The subject isdiscussedinanexhaustivemanner,withgreatorigi- Jiphedbythedefenseare,thatitisprovedthatananno- dayamongthepeopleoftheEast. ArseneHoussaye. Solemn historianM,Cape--<j.1*9.***!> -r.--, ••i •. • •.v^-*r^~*r^v-.v..<K-.<i,../,,< <tvi¥(Wfc*¥M'iiW'Ww>,'i. •»h.^.)J.j(.^>„#' •THE GUILT OF FL AVERT AND THE CRIME OF 8LAVE- HOUHKG DEMONSTRATED FROMTHtS HfcBKKW AND GREEK SCRIPTTJRE8. By GHORQH B. CHEKVBII, D. D. 12mo. pp. 472. John P .Jew ett it Co. ' (:.j..^accepte the horn of, the dilemma which impeaches his critical sagacity,- and reiterates his assurances that he had no complicity in the eeriea of forgeries (so pro- nounced by the best judges) that he has been unfortu-Without the slightest disguise o r circumlocutioD, t f c n F T h o V X K ? eviry moment expecting them to Mis* Florence Nightingale here lays down the law come £ or who has just seen them, and knows they for the. care and management of the sick, io the vi- a s k i n g about him. If he is an amiable patient, hewSi try to occupy bis attention elsewhere a n d not to rions stages and aspects o f disease, explaining the listen—and this makes matters worse—for t i e straintetpan,b y Arsene Iloussaye. Since t h e Uvea o fm,onhisattentionandtheeflbrthemakosaresogreat andspeaking"with theauthorityofexperienceina thatitiswellifheisnotworsefoihoursafter. Ifitisa whispered conversation in t h e same room, then i t ismeet repulsive details in the homeliest language,from this religion; and for centuries the belief in whitewashes; Houssaye paints. The whole differ- diabolic possessions, in sorcerers and magicians, is ent—and the4 excellent superiority of the latter is sanctionedbyatruceless,mercilesswarwaged inthedifference. Thefemalesinquestionbeingofmanner that leaves no room for appeal from her de- cision. H e r book is, perhaps, t h e most unflinching application o f common sense t o pract'cal arrange- ments to be found in the language. Of the perfectlyabsolutely cruel; for it is impossible that the patient's attention'should not be involuntarily strained t o hear. Walking on tip-too, doing anything in the room very slowly, are injurious, ior exactly the same reasons. A firm, light, quick step, a steady quick hand, are the de-THE OPERA OF MARTHA; Or, THK FAX* AT RICHMOND. ByT.V«sFLOTOW. WithItalian,Gorman,MidEnglish words. Boston: O. Ditson ii. Co.this the patient's room or ward is aired, as it is called— expectation as to what was to be decided upon. poisoned, i t should rather be said. Always air from the I need hardly s a y that t h e other common cause,air without, a n d that, too, through those windows, namely, for a doctor or friend to leave the patient andLifoBeforellim. ANovtL 12mo. pp. 401. W. A. Townsend portion of the con,niunity in England are shaking their new manifestations of this innate love of the super- Paul Merceiu, a new and carefully revised edition. & Co. heads,in anticipation, at her new work, "The Mill on natural will appear in th e future. What they will What draws my attention, and to m y mind sanc-through which the air comes freaheet. From a closed court, especially if the wind, do not blow that way, air may come as stagnant as any from a hall or corridor.Again, a thing I have often seen both in private houses and institutions. A room remains uninhabited; t h e fire- place is carefully fastened up with a board; the win- dows are never opened; probably the shutters are keptcommunicate his opinion on the result of his visit to the friends just outside the patient's door, or it. the adjoin- ing room, after the visit, but within hearing or knowl- edge of the patient is, if powiblo, worst of all.ft i s . I think, alarming, peculiarly a t this time, when the female ink-bottles are perpetually impressing upon u s "woman's" "particular worth a u d generalSame.Woman (La Femroe). From the Frenoh of M. J. Michelet.Translated by J. W. Pamier, M. D. 12mo.. pp. 283. Ruddtion with that of the well-known, versatile writer, Geo. Henry Lewes, the biographer of Goethe, and his-eration has become superannuated, man, seeking name islent only toworks of merit. His compe- the aliment of his superstitious appetite, is skillful tence in all artistic matters is past question. T h ealways that; perhaps some kind of stores are kept in missionariness," to seethat the dress of woman is daiiythe room; no breath of fresh air can by possibility en-terintothatrcom,noranyrayofsun. Thesirisas moreandmoreunfittingthemforany"mission,"orusefulness at all. It is equally unfitted for all poetic stagnant, musty, and corrupt ae it can by possibility be and all domestic purposes. A m an is now. a more744. The Same. application to the present time, that M. Figuier, onGlon Morris Stories. Dick Duncan. By Francis Forester, o«q. " Zenocrites." The vanity of the gentleman is said to occasion of the invasion of the moving tables and sculpture, architecture, costumes, enamels, engrar-made. I t is quite ripe to breed small-pox, scarlet fe- handy and far less objectionable being in a s'ck room A Hiatory ot England- By John Lingard, D. D. 13 vols. 12mo. ver, diphtheria, or anything else you please. P. O'&hea.artists—in fact, all that relates properly to the finehealthy, that they either never think of it at all, andtakeeverydisease asamatter ofcourse,to be"re- Thenoieeles? stepofwoman,the noiselessdraperydon." Hisfa-8tand-foremosteffortis,inthisasin thefollowinginstances,tosetforthafaithful narra- tionofthefacts—"torelateratherthantodogma-There arotwosidestoallquestions,eventothe Question Romaine :theAbbeMagnanhasgotpub- lishedaRcponse dlaQuestion Romaine ofEdmondSmall-pox, o l course, under this regime, is very " in- talking business to you, show no signs of hurry, give fectious." People are somewhat wiser now in their complete attention and full consideration il your ad-P. Putnam's great sale of stereotype plates and copy-rights a few years since. Though Trade salesare con-sidered to be a convenience, both to buyers and tosellers,itisundeniablethattheirimportancetothe theEetwomonths. Ofnewbooksinhighliteraturemanagement of this disease. They have ventured to coverthepatientslightlyandtokeepthewindows open;andwehearmuchlessofthe"infection"'ofviceis wanted, and go away the moment the subject is ended.HOWTOVISITTHESICK.It is high time to turn from politics and pam- phletstobooks,ofwhichIhavenotsaidawordthe romantic addition, and brilliance of style withwhichAlfreddeVigny hassoughttoenhanceThe first part of this collection will include the Carlovingiancycle,andwillform40volumes.Tb*sufferinginagreaterproportionthanthewellfrom precisely the same causes.marystatements,andtolittlemorethanasortof general dissertation, " has been led to write a series " of chapters of history."Very few chapters of history offer mo,re enter-tainingandinstructivereading.Thefirstvolumethatoutfromtbehard-trodden,commonplace path there springs up, leaf after leaf, a whole novel book- ful of the most entertaining and suggestive reading. But this would not justify present mention of a third editionofhisPyreneantravels,wereitnotprofuselyx strt off with engravings from Gustave Dore's designs.Unnecessary (although slight) noise injures a sick person much more than necessary noise (of a muchwilldohimgood.a—i;^rpmtf»JE^&£ 6° ° t tpowers acting in a n inaccessible sphere above him* ators, Filelft), Foggio, Tafla, Sciopphis, and th e self. This natural tendency has .existed at all pe- rest, have a certain value as giving gu^apse* of to**v*'..- -• I waa «erera: that society in j gunned eruame Arnim, HuznixftBowedfcythai, tbeoneyear,U.will be behind t season is one w doubly crowds< Many occupyingthe American them, whether Still, being aga,having had thepersonally, andfemily—I a s t nkindness and faaegTeeiof affecIWthe same periodical attempts to show that the exposure was dictated by a personal feeling against Mr. C oilier, entertained by the officials of the British Museum, but with signalwant of success. The only t wo points estab-Mademoiselle de la VaLxlrt et Madam.QfjL Jfionrsiderata; not t h e slow, lingering, shuffling foot, t h e unsophisticated moc*e with which she deals with the timid, uncertain touch. Slowness is not gentleness, subject, our readers may form a n idea from the fol- though it is often mistaken for such: quickness, light-lowing specimens: ness, and gentleness are quite compatible. Again,if all such things are uttered against inveterate foreiga chologists to explain, and in the presence of such un-Miracles flourish in the churches; the divining rod, looking on them from an artistic point of view, freexny tribute to I personal worth ne in mypow'M facta in regard iations.With the exc one whose de<e Germany ha* n tributes to his i now, when si xtaut places i« ofor when he cr --onein whiciiih „itself in its hoi k« rough hun:6 stitions^—alitorpher—it wa<= al appeals'tot!:•-.( the name of "ita Words. .Ihave thenoticesof big private er,a original so eh. feelings of tho* has since b<:ei appearstoirri fetidbefore yotThewriter»«' On the Itft! noon, died Wil JSJth.hewa*di the Church nfcold as the cofl wbieh lies the Grimm and tl spake the la?t1house. Itwaj removed his ha ful ofearth t now to lie therWilhelm G Thefactsof.fc a publication., died early. I toCasscl, wh< histwelfthye: helm's health < insomedegreHefirst«Sw] intimate frien many years b remained in ( few years la gen;leftthat whenandfor forashortpe has since r*-m their,dwellingNo one, ho has in mi:.d dates of this •;Thosetowhoconeult th<^ : ' order. Our iwhom wek those mere f; terials for his who so dee] boldtknewm 1769, and al Asia, spent tlBerlin. T h | intimatefri* fortunes tro heartfeltcot ence, his HX left when haSo it w i Thegreatne ofwhichv% elapsed sin< poetess, lo ended her society, a s jistrul^ crei thoughw in h^r innnorfc boldt, tvifb."Cosmos close; h<' putable I 'ii could deina had the ngl encourag«:r direction sv centuries, could fill. could with discovered accustome flattering \ the value, never sentFor all w oftheStat diator,an< spoke hii* o Hence, wh< waa irrepaiAnd*<, nowsoim* •him, is th the cause oland.H< too had gro his seventy' togotohis to book, le*aud Kindei(trahslat. editionsof transact ;oi his skavv leavesof We have ullabors.,HI period toIfriends and doctors did but watches nurses can and KERPTHEAJRPITOE. shouldwatch,thefeaturessharpening,theeyesgrow-The very first canon of nursing, the first and the last ing almcst wild, of fever patients who are listening for thmruponwhichanurse'sattentionmustbefixed,the the entrance fromthe corridorofthe personswhosecompetition, aided by steamers which bridge the Atlan- tic and denationalize our art.doubted evidence of its results—occurring in the most unfrufpectf.d places—a wholesome skepticism is th e soundest frame of mind to entertain, particularly as we see announced a n e w "find" of Stiakespeare docu- ments in the Eolls Chapel, the unimpeachable authority of which is, of course, guaranteed by the newspapers. The original manuscript "Letters of Junius," so far as they have been preserved in the Woodfall family, have recently been offered to the British Government by Mr, H . D. Woodfall for £500~by no means an exor- bitant price. ; C K "applied to. moral as well a s physical investigations, comes into high vogue.from political theory, a n d freer, if possible, fromfirst essential to a patient, without which all the rest yon can do for hhn is as nothing, with which I had al- most said yon may leave all the rest alone, is this: T ovoices they are hearing there, these would never ran the risk again of creating such expectation, or irritation of mind. Such unnecessary noise has undoubtadly in-any notion of moral teaching, finds them charming In t h e eighteenth century, with t h e general as they were, and represents them as they were. AndKJtr^'TBX ATTt H* BREATHES AS rURE AS THE EXTER- duced or aggravated delirium in many cases. I have NAL AIR, WITHOUT CHILLING HIM. Y et WDHt 18 80 lit- known such—in one case death ensued. I t is but fairtleattended to? Evenwhere itis thoughtof atall, tosaythatthis deathwasattributedtofright. Itwas the most extraordinary misconceptions reign about i t . the. result o f a long-whispered conversation^ withinEven in admitting air into the patient's room or ward, sight of the patient, about an impending operation; b u t few people ever think where that air comes from. I t any ore who has known the more than stoicism, themay come from a corridor into which other wards areventilated, from a hall, always nnaired, always full ofthe fume* of gas, dinner, of various kinds of mnstinese;from an undergound kitchen, sink, washhouee, water-cloeet, or even, as. I mjself have h a d sorrowful e x -perience, from open sewers loaded with filth; and with instance. It was rather the uncertainty, the strainedcheerful coolness, with which the certainty of an ope- ration will be accepted by any patient, capable of bear- ing an operation at all, if it is properly communicated tohim,willhesitatetobelievethatitwasmerefear which produced, as was averred, the fatal result in this.—-Theauthoreesof"AdamBede"ispayingthepenaltyofsuddengreatness,andthe"respectable" spirit-rappers.Nodoubt,saysourauthor,that paintngandsculpture,drawnandengravedbyamaii-pox than we used to do. But do people in our Always sit within the patient's view, so that when trade has not lately advanced equally with its growingdaysactwith morewisdomonthesubjectof"infec- youspeaktobimhehasnotpainfullytoturnhishead dimensions—someoftheleadingfirms,asMessrs.Hartion" in fevers—ecarlet fever, nwasles, Sec.—than their found in order to look a t you. * Everybody involun- pers, keeping themselves aloof from them altogether^ very fertile; t h e sudden fast-growing crop o fitsattractionsinhisnovelofCinqMars. Slightly twovolumesjustmentionedarethesecondandmingled with the narration, but chiefly presented a t third of the series.theclose,iaFiguier'snaturalexplanationofthe HyperionetKavanaghparHenriW.LongfeUTforefathers did with small-pox ? Does not the popular tarily looks at the person speaking. If you make thisidea of *' infection" involve that people should take act a wearisome one on the part o> the patient you are and offering special terms to purchasers for a limited greatercareofthemselvesthanofthepatient'.that, doingbimharm. Soalsoif1bycontinuingtostandyou timeintheSpiirgandFallthemselves,insteadofem-pamphlets having taken their place largely there, pretendedly supernatural elements of these phe-lore Reveries d'un Cilihetaire £third translation] pr6e6d6 d'itne lettre a un homrti6c Marit par jkTorinstance,itissafernottobetoomuchwitathepa- makehimcontinuouslyraisehiseyestoseeyou. Be tient, not to attend too much to his wauts ? Perhaps as motionlees a s possible, a n d never gesticulate i n the best illustration of the utter absurdity of this view speaking to the sicx.ployingtheagencyofanauctioneer.aclesoftheTomboftheDiacre Paris,""The Curtis, areamongthelatetranslations. " Protestant Prophets of the Cevennes, and the Bi-examine the patient's tongue through a n opera-gla.as and to tons bim a lancet to open hit* abweHses with ?terward to the patient, " Did you appoint 12 o'clock?" or, " What did you say was the address V or ask per- haps some much more agitating question—thus causing the pa'ientthe effort of memory, or worse still, of de-inhabited that city for some years past, and is a son of the Mrs. Trollope, and a younger brother of the author of "Dr. Thome," &c.which our actual advanced knowledge of physiology lie all*gee that in reply to an announcement ofaud medicine enables us in most cases satisfactorily ," Partntr Wanted," he applied, in January, 1859, to todo. ."Webelieve,"hesays,"thatthesedis- oceGeorgeW.Snediker,whowastheauthorofthe" cussions will result in the reader's perfect convic- advertisement. A t that interview h e alleges that "tionofthenon-existenceofsupernaturalagents,• Stedikerrepresentedthathewastheownerofaflour-True nur*ing ignore* infection, except to prevent it.Cleanliness anOfresh"air from open windows, with un-remitting attention to the patient, are the only defensa cision, all over again. I t is really less exertion to him a true nurse either asks or needs. to write his letters himself This is the almost univer-—Mr. John Ruskin announces, in propria persona, citing public questions were in agitation. For this and in opposition to current rumor, in a note of Feb. 2, development of French pamphleteering is mainlythat " the fifth volume of • Modern Painters,' on which the breaking out of suppressed journalism. I t isWise and humane management of the patient is the sal experience of occupied invalids.be*t .••afegujtrd against infection. This brings us to another caution. Never speak to Tcere are not a few popular opinion**, in regard to an invalid from behind, nor from the door, nor from w h i c h i t i s n<*eful a t t i m e s t o a s k a q u e s t i o n o r t w o . a n y d i s t a n c e f r o m h i m , n o r w h e n h e i s d o i n g a n y t h i n g .I am now engaged, will be the last; and, if no acci-a l s o t h e i m p e r f e c t s u b s t i t u t e f o r t h o s u p p r e s s e d'' and of the explicability of all the prodigies that have" at different periods excited the surprise or tho ad-" miration of men by a knowledge ofourphysiologi-mill near Trenton, N. J , beside $6,000 worth of real e^tite in Westchester County, K . Y. Snediker farther said that he had $500 in cash which he wished to investdemics," "current contagions," Sec; in other word*, that they are born to have measles, whoop:ng-«.-ough, perhaps even scarlet fever, jast as they are born to cut their tteth, if they live.Now, do tell UK, why must a child have merles ?Oh because, you na\, we cannot keep it from infec- tion—other children have measlesi—and it must take teem—and it is *afer that it should.Butwhymustotherchildrenhavemeasles?And iftheyiave?wbvmustyour*havethemtoo.'If you believed in aud observed the laws for preserv-ing t h e health o f houses which inculcate cleanliness,ventilation, white-washing, a n d other means, a n awhich,l>ytheway,arelaun asimplicitlyasyou be- yknowing why, having, none but servants about them.—The intentions of Lord Macaulay regarding the period to which h e hoped to carry forward his historyserve a n imperfection in Napoleon's system even for hia own uses; hia Ministers being reduced to the grad© of chief clerks of departments, and Governmentsame, and apparently considered the tap " in charge," fortheygaveswaverdict"accidentaldeath."TJ%»i*themeaningoftheword,onalargescale. Oa a'mut h smaller scale,it happened, a short time ago, th.xtanrnnanepersonburnedher*elfslowlyaudinten- tionallytodeath,whileinherdoctor'schargeandal- most IDher nuiae's preserce. Y et neither was consid- ered * at ail to blame." The very fact of the accidentw happening proves its own case. There ia nothing more t o be said. Either they did n o t know their business, ortheydidnotknowhowtoperformit.a n d , a b o v e a l l , n o t t o o l o n g . B e v e r y s u r e o f w n a t yourpatientcanbear.1B r e t h r e n , " i n t h e W e l s h l a n g u a g e , t h e c h a r a c t e r st i f i c l i t e r a t u r e , w h i c h g i v e h i m h i s p r e s e n t w e l l -p u b l i c b y a t r a n s l a t i o n . I t i s f u l l o f i n t e r e s t t o t h ephilosophical reader, to the medical reader, and tot h e R e f o r m e d D u t c h C h u r c h , a n d ** j * ^ J f r r * £ Pused by them as a Mietion Church. After all Churdxchen, copie illness:a s c r i p t ? a u t readbVforButVtM $ard th«'s wheu vou! Thev thinl•percept-oi seemedto giving aril pure.Sti oldestfritall is for isties, times,soul result, hoj words*fuJ whenv,isi reue int« eonvicUoinever soulit:. The tieoce. perfect*-.word, n cums'tanci around ewnenioi efUfe.Tobe"•incharge"iscertainlynotonlytocarryout the proper measures yourself, but to see that every onecuriouslearning,by Charles Nisard. It givesussomeaccountofthelives,andcopiousextractsfromwishesofaW ^ 7of tbe^ m ^aad *me$^n« wasbeldon^nuwduy night/or thepurposeofre- SSidStog the reeolution, and substituting such otherNever make a patient repeat a message or request, especially if it bo some time after. Occupied patients—Mr. Thomas Adolphus Trollope, the accomplished author of " A Decade of Italian Women," and corre-of duty in attending on "infections" diseases is af-forded b y what was very recently the practice if it isnot so evea now, in some of the J^uropeau lazarets—inwhich t h e plague-patient used t o b e condemned t othe horror^ of filth, over-crowding, and want of ven-tilation, while the medical attendant was ordered to the message or writing the letter, say half an hour af- tion of " The Merchant Princes of Florence." He haspers are the themes of the two promised volumes. M, Figuier's method o f historical treatment is the same for all the cases. First of all state the facts without prejudice; then offer the explanation,ness. Theyare instinctively right. How often you greatinterest during thepresent troublous time3,is hear the person, charged with the request of giving continuing his etudies in Italian history by the publica-review this already voluminous and daily augment- ing "body of literature," would be a too formidable task for a mere book noticer; i t would be like re- viewing the »um of " able articles" in the quarter- lies and monthlies a n d dailies, of a great country where the press is free, daring a period when ex-but typographical devices used to entrap the unwAry. John D. McDougal contends that h e has been dxped by one ofthtse advertisements,to the amount of $2,300.J»'or example, it is commonly thought that children The official politeness of servants in those things is dent intervenes, will be published about the beginning parliamentary tribune. And here it is curious to ob-muat have what are «ommonly called " children's epi- so grateful to invalids, that many prefer, without of June."1" then the philosophical conclusion to be drawn from with a like sum. As Mr. McDougal was the possessorftl»iariaawfftta*&iiifl- HJfftf-m •/.•».> A -NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATITRDAY, MARGH 17,In the middle ages, when a new religion had figue has treated the same subjects. So much the sessionbyagentleman(Dr.Wellesley),whichisproba- transformed Europe,tbemarveloustakesita form worse forhimandthem andhisreader*. HeA.very good edition, printed with music types, a n d his researches. A n y evidence tending t o relieve a a secret commerce with demons o r with their they flourished, being the moat artificial o f modemagents, the magicians. Toward the end of the impostures, the artificially brilliant, colorod style of seventeenth century, a t the dawn of a tolerant and Arsene Houssaye is natural and apt to their treat- enlightened philosophy, the devil retires, and accu- ment. Capefigue would make them better thannality of illustiation, and with the characteristic vehe- menceoftheauthor.tated Folio Shakespeare was seen in M r . Todd's pos-»• •bly the much discussed copy purchased by Mr. Collier—and that the forged " Petition of the Players" in thoStale Paper office existed there before Mr. C. began against the miserable wretches who are accused of the painted sort, the Court of Louis XIV., where&. Cailoton.ThePuritana. BySamuelHopkins. In3vola. Vol.II.8vo. torianofPhilosophy,whoselateresearchesinPhys-in discovering another.It was to throw light on this dark side of humanGazette des 'Beaux Arts, h a s rapidly grown, underhiseditorship,tobeanextremelyinterestingandpp 5&9 Gouk & Lincoln.The Lire of Tanlel Wilson, D. D., Bishop of Calcutta, ani Me- iology show him to be as much at home amongman of irreproachable character from a dark stigma, will be gladly welcomed, and the position of a victimhence afforded at a reasonable price. This pretty Operais accordingly within the Teach of any amateur. Messrs.Ditson are steadily adding to their editions of standard is undoubtedly preferable to that of an accomplice. sations of magic begin to go out of fashion, but the they were, having a political theory to serve with operas^—a very considerable enterprise considering that " The Fascination of Forgery" is a fine theme for psy- marvelous preserves its sights notwithstanding. their help, and falsifies them to help it. Houssayeadoption o f the Cartesian philosophy, and the grow- so his very readable book, which on the side of factsing influence o f knowledge and common sense, i nthe time of Voltaire and the Encyclopaedia, relgi- uable as an historical study of Louis XIV. m<lhiaous miracles still abound. I t i s a t the end o f tnjs times.century that Mesmer sets all Europe agopewith the A complete, new, and elegant edition ofHoussaye's wonders of his magnetic circles. Mesmer- works, in 10 octavo volumes, is now in course of ism fell in a few years into discredit, and was publication. .followed by artificial somnambulism, our still ex- Artistic rather than literary, is a commendable tint animal magnetism. Finally, and lastly, in M. work, publishing in numbers, under the title of Figuiere'sgenealogyarebegotten,fromtheloveof Coflvmes Uiftoriovcs dudouzieme angninzi&me the marvelous, the talking, jumping tables, and the sibclr, drawn from t h e moet authentic sources o fMrc. Ellis's Housekeeping Made Easy. Edited by Mr<). MowattN*wEdition. 12mopp.120. ThoSame. theFloss." Thescrutinytowhichpopularauthorsare beitisimpossibletoforesee. But,whentheform tionsitsworth,isthenameofCharlesBlancasanAgainst Wind and Tide. B y Holme Lee. 12mo. pp 436. T h e exposed, has placed her, name in an equivocal connec- urder which the marvelous has appeared to one gen- author of an introductoiy chapter to the work. H i sThepublished by C. Bohn, Washington, D. C , ia a very convenient manual. I t gives the name and address of every Government employee in Washington, aud of every member of Congress.BOOKS RECEIVED.Abridgement of the Debates of Contrretm, from 1789 to 1356. By theauthoroftheThirtyYean.'View. VoLXIIL8vo. pp. U06. D Appleton ic Co.HbtonoftheReligionsSocietyofFriend*.BySamuelM. Jannev. Second Edition liimo. pp. 484. Hayes k ZelL"Departmenta n d CongressionalDirectory,"is carefully studied enough, becomes absolutely val-valuable magazine of art and artistic archaeology tispolitsnofIndia. ByJosiohBateman,M.A. 8vo.pp. "Zoophytes"asheformerlywaswith"Zeno"or nature,andtodrawfromhistorylessonsofuseful inallkinds: modernandancientpaintingana18mo. pp. 256. Howe &. Perry.KitKelvin'sKernels. WithIllustrations.12mo.pp.270.Rollo. havegivencurrencytotheramorsonthesubjectnowings, furniture, medals, potteries, porcelaines, i n - rappingspiritsin1854,undertookthepresentwork. taglios, theliteratureofartand thebiographyofThe Child's Anti-Slavery Book. 18m o. p p . 158. American Tract Society.afloat in London society.—Lord Dundonald's " Autobiography of a Seaman"" Having once entered upon the study of the subject,"however," he says, "its importance in our view arts is treated of in its pages byable pens." was greatly augmented; we were seduced by the" attraction of so many varied recitals, where all" kinds of interest seem to be united, whero sinister''dramasminglewiththemostfarcicalscenes,where severalyearsago..Thousandsandtensofthousandsthan a woman. Ccmpolled b y h e r dress, every wo- Rbymings. B y Howard Wainwrig;ht. 12mo. pp. 90. D. Apple- is announced for republication by Messrs. Appleton &Voyage am. PyrtntesCLEANLINESS. man now either shuffles o r waddles—-only a m a n c a n ton it Co."Without cleanliness, withm and without your house, cross the floor of a sick roomwithout shaking it! What Julian Horn; A Tale of College Life. B y Frederic W. Farrar,Co. Though a n expensive book (14s. sterling, a n dyetincomplete),3,000copiesofvolumeshavebeensoldin England.is a book written by that thoughtful observer and brilliant critic, H . Taine,theirwindows anddoors because ofthefoulsmells Unnecessarynoise,then,isthemostcruelabsenceof TheCnxtons. BySirEdward BulwerLytton. 2vols.12mo. .—Mr.CharlesKeade,authorof"NeverTooLatetoand dunghill near their houses. But does it ever occur carein all these remarks, the sick are only mentioned asMend," &c., is indulging in public vagaries that noth- ingshortofaminornovelist'sestimationofhisownim- portance can justify. H e takes up the cudgels so warmly for the well-abused book, published inthe name of a nephew, as to cause a reasonable suppositiontothemthatwithmanyarrangementsofthiskinditwould be safer to keep the windows shut than open1You cannot have the air of the house pure with dung-beape under the windows. These are common all overLondon. And yet people are surprised that their chil- greater amount).rienced author might have occasion to disclaim. eale makes a goodly octavo volume, and besidethe After a violent attack on the presumed writer of a crit-itexistedinantiquityandinthemiddleages. Itis trationstoRabelais andtheContes Drolatiques,19th o f t h e current-month. T h e Catalogue o f eachnot particularly adapted for th e most part to M.usual variety o f stock, there are in both sales large in- voices of stereotype plates—that will attract the pres- enceofpublishinghouses. ThoseofferedatPhiladel- phiacomprisemostofthe largeworks formerlypub- lished byMessrs. Carey andHart, as "Griswold'sicism in The Saturday Review, in which the least flow-ers of rhetoric tire " a vain dunce who is aleo a snob,""writerswhohavetheilllucktobeconceited,aswell"asobscure,"Sec.,findingthattherealwriterisunwil-the fitting preparation for the stud) of the history ofthe marvelous in modern times. To illustrate this Taiue's book, b u t y e t worth looking a t and pre- bisroiy, M . Figuier takes a few type examples. H e serving as better than the mass of degenerate de- begins with the tragically famous" "Devils of Lon- signs of Dore's late production.lingtoclaimpubliclyhisshareinsuchcompliments,Mr.signed to' when it comes " as from the hand of Provi- of woman, are mere figures of speech in this day. H er Poets," "Poetesses," and "Prose Writers" of Keade issues an advertisement: " Five Pounds Re- " tize; to place before the eyes of the reader what About, and the Abbe Iloroy has published another.dence;" or if they ever entertain the idea of preaerv- « skirts (ana well if they do not throw down some pieceing the health of their household as a duty, they are of furniture) will at least brush again3t every articlein America (eold subject to a copyright of 25 cents per ward.—Mr. Charles Reade will give the abovere-very apt to commit all kinds of " negligences and ig- norances" in performir g it." wrote upon these matters;" The author's theorycents copyright), and many others lately published by T.lic Saturday Review, viz: in an article o n 'Liberty icism is not the spirit of negation nor yet o f doubt, ing, and only g e t read, if a t all, by persons w h eCulled "Infection"—a thing of which people are gen- gage him, instead of having bimply to amuse himself, erally so^ afraid that they frequently follow the very it becomes doubly injurious. The friend, who remainsHall' "—a pleasant notion of the Liberty of the Press,with the calmness and discrimination of a jugc d\ The following may interest a curious few- of yourinstruction, Figuier gives undoubtedly th e most readers: Les a-neiens poetes de la France, pubH6scomplete, the only impartial, history of that series so?(s les auspices de son Excellence le Ministre de of phenomena known as the story o f t h e Devils o f VInstruction Publiquc, etc. Doon de Maicnce, chan-practice in regard t o i t which they ought t o avoid. Nothing ufced to be considered so infectious or conta- gious as email-pox; and people not very long ago used to cover u p patients with heavy bed-clothes, while they kept uplarge fires andshut thewindows.Rtanding a n d figetting about while a patient is talking business to him, or the friend who sits and proses, the one from an idea of n o t letting t h e patient talk, the. other from an idea of amusing him—each is equally in- considerate. Alwayssitdownwhena sickpersonisLITERATUREFromOurCnvnCorrespondent.INFRANCE.son de gestc pvbliee pour fa prcmiircfois d'apres les manuscrils ae MonlpeUier et Paris. parM. A. Pey:the room as she moves.HURRY AND BUSTLE.All hurry o r bustle is peculiarly painful to the sick.copy), Lord Bacon's works, 3 vols, royal 8vo; M rs. ward to any one w ho will detect and discover toINFECTION.Wemustn&tforget,what,inordinarylanguage,is Andwhenapatienthascompulsoryoccupationstoen-thedissolvedhouseofParryandMcMillan.Thestereotype plates in the new sale include forty-eight works, to be realized in a literary community. being the entire miscellaneous publication of Messrs.Barnes and Burr, who are concentrating their energieson the School and College Text Book trade; among themaremanyvaluableworkspurchasedatMr.Geo.butthespirit ofexamination. Proceeding tius, arepersuadedthatAboutisallwronginadvance." sincere and intelligent cotemporaries thought and Undoubtedly the Abbes have some advantages inattacking About, who is not a judicially exact wri- Sigourney'sPoems,illustratededitions(subjectto50 himthewriterofthelastcowardlyattackonhim,in ofphilosophicalcriticismisthatthespiritofthecrit- ter; butthetroubleisthattheyarenotentertain-duringthioperiod,theFrench press hasnotbeenandinbooksellers'windowsandinpublicattention,andwithreason. Besidetheirpoliticalsignificance,tbeee publications are worthy of note in other re-spects, on the purely literary side, for instance, " vining Rod," are the subjects of the remaining PARTNER WANTED.—Persons who have money to being a remarkable and,' on the whole, creditable historical chapters of the tw o volumes. Animal invest should be cautious how they answer advertiee-are oiten accused of doing too much of their own busi- spondeLt of TJteAtJicnaum, whose lettershave excited proof of the activity of French intellect. But to Magnetism, the Talking Tables, and the Spirit Rap- m«nts of "Partner Wanted," as they are generally' cal organization. The negation of the marvelous is in th e produce business, and desired to find a partner " this book, which might be entitled The Marvelousexperience; is, that when the sick are too ill to rend to method o f the book: i t proceeds not by denial nor ker the $500 Subsequently h e invested $1,800 more themselves,tneycanseldombaartobereadto. Chil- gentieman,datedHollyLodge,Oct.13,1858,hesays: ticechoes,hemustfromtimetotimehaverecourse bysuppression,butbyfairstatementandexplana- forthebenefitofthefirm,butseemstohavetrusted" Explained." Buthere again and especially is to of the necessary amount, partnership papers were With regard to reading aloud in the sick room, my have been somewhat discussed. In a letter to a Scotch journalists being reduced to contemptible, sycophan- be noted the prominent and excellent quality of the drawn up between them, and McDougal paid to Snedi-READING T O T H E SICK.dren, eye-patients, and uneducated persons are excap-tions, or where there is any mechanical difficulty inreading. Peoplewholiketobereadto,liavegen-iallynotmuchthematterwiththem;whileinfevers, PorteousMob(1736). Ihave,therefore,nomotiveor wnere there is much irritability of brain, the eflbrt oi listening to reading aloud has often brought on de- lirium. I speak with great diffidence; because there is analmost universal impressionthat.itissparing t,he sick to read aloud to them. But two things are certain:for investigating minutely tho circumstances of that affair, and I should not wish to engage in an inquiry which, however curious and amusing it might be, must divert me from more useful researches."newspaper leader. I cannot leave this subject,on magnetism, or of spirit rapping—begin and end.tbe business would soon be in a prosperous condition. McDougal now alleges that Snediker never applied themoneyasrepresented,but useditforhieownpar-lieveintt»epopularopinion,foritisnothingmorethan I. Iithe)eis somematterwhich must beread toa —TheforthcomingvoltimeofMrs.Browning'shasits an opinion, that your child must have children's epi- sick person, do it slowlv. People often think that theI began with speaking of the "actuality" of thebook. Although these first two volumes come poeee. Detectives Bennett and McDongal arresteddes^cs, don't you think that upon the whole your child iWouldbemorelikelytoetu-ajiealtogether?WHAT IX IS TO BE IN CHARGE.How few men, o r even women, understand, either mistake. Houdin, the conjuror, says that the way toway to get it over with least fatigue to him is to get it political.complexion strongly expressed in th e title, overinleasttime. Theygabble;theyplungeandgal- "PoemsbeforeCongrees."lop through the reading. There never was a greater—The restless spark of the divinity that stirs the oc- such violence and grossness seem accurately pro- was a revolutionary product, had best read those togenarianbosomofWalterSavageLandor,hasin- portionedtotheir zeal forthePapaltemporalities worse horrors committedbyorderoftheGrande" I have long given up the hope that I shall be able to bring the History of England down to-the time of theto the exceptional, and, in a sort, underhand means ofanauthorizedanonymouspamphlettodotheofficetion. Most writers of the present day, and of otherthe management of the business entirely to Snediker.considerablenotorietyhimselfasabogusadvertiser, X*C**^jjjarge"—I mean, know how to carry out a " charge." reading to the sick. I have often heard a patient say cited him to the publication, in The London Literary and Ducal divine rights. That is tho general rule, Monarque], it is strange to see how they prefigure who conducted his business on the same principle—or, Fxo^nthemo*tcoloxsalcalamities,downtothemost tosuch"amistakenreader,"Don'treadittome;tell Gazette,ofsomeprivatelettersfromthepartiescon- ofwhichMonseigneurDupanloup'sfamousletters, thephenomenaofto-day. Laying'asidetheacci- rather,lackofprinciple—asthefamedKanney. Cer-^ia,great orinlittlethings,what itisthebeing"in makeastoryseemBhortistotellitslowly.Soitiswithaccidents, results are often traced (or rather not it me." Unconsciously he is aware that this will reg- nected with the famous libel suit in which he was especially his last, which is creating great scandal, dents of time and placo, and these old French per-mulctedinthesumof£1,000forslandersonalady; their bearing on the question is scarcely intelligible to the public, and the attempt to revive the matter is ex- tremely ill-advised.—-The"mysteries"and"moralities"ofthemiddleceedingly distinct, but n o t mouthing—rather monot- thoroughly educated physician a n d chemist, w h o But I a m dwelling too long on this book, whose Society. The pastor, the Rev. Mr. Aldridi?e. w « dis- onous,butnotsingsong—ratherloud,,butnotnoisy— formancelatelytookplace,of"Josephandhisbeganasearlyas1847thosecontributionstoscien-meritswill,1trust,bemadeKnowntotheAmerican charged,andthechurchsold.ItwaaPtt«**8"'?Jsluiringoveronepart,insteadofleavingitoutalto- gether, if it is unimportant, and mumbling another. If the reader lets his ow n attention wander, and then stopstoTeaduptohimself,orfindshehasreadthe wrong bit, then it is all over with the poor patient's chanceofnotsuffering. Veryfewpeopleknowhoware unhappily br.lliant proofs. Monsieur Ville- main's elegant, b u t self-condemnatory, defense of the Pope's territorial rights is a proof by exception.ducedto-day inAmerica. Between oneofthe devil-possessed nuns of London and a girl whom I have seeninacatalepticfitatanAmericancamp- meeting, there is absolutely no generic,, essential distinction. Atthecloseofhissecondvolume,M.*dea|^2*c^»V*mLlivesandputseveralhundredmjeopardy—-not from any undetected flaw in her new anduntried?w»*k—ooifromatapbeingclosedwhichought not to bave been closed—from what every childknows wouWi make its mother's teakettle burst. A n dthis simply,because no one seemed to know what it Isto be " » charge," or tc/ic was in charge. Nay, more, speaking they do none of these things. .Reading aloud this medieval form of dramatic representation is yet not have fallen into better hands. M. Figuier is a of the phenomena of the Cevenal fanatics. the great thejuryattheinquest actuallyaltogetherignoredthe tothesick oaght alwaysto berather slow,andex- extant in Calvinistic WaleB. At Swansea a per- tion,itwasfitandproper toselloutanddissolvetheasickroom,andreadingaloudtothepatientanybits "coatofmanycolors." Theentertainmentwaspre- torgcttomentionitinitsproperplace,letmenote which will amuse bim or more often the reader, is un- sided over by an Independent minister, and the per here the publication of the fourth volume and yearvouthinkthatheamuseshimselfuponwhatyouhave read for precisely the time it pleases you to go on read- ingtoyourself,andthathisattentionisreadyforsome- thingelseatpreciselythetimeitpleasesyoutobegin—The following is a literal translation of a letter in tbe ImperialLibrary,Paris,purportingtohavebee written byDr.Franklin, andsenttotheLiterarsixteenth,andseventeenth centuries,isa bookofthe writings, of a set of acrid, vulgar, learned men, elsedoessotoo;toseethatnooneeitherwUlfuflyorreadingagain1WhetherthepersonthusreadtoboGazette(Feb.18),byacorrespondentwhovouchesfo haveattractedpublicattentioninFranceandofwhomthemostbellicoseandvituperativeofcharitableobjectasmightbeagreedupon.ignorantly thwarts o r prevents sach measures. I t isneithertodoeverythingyourselfnortoappointanum-ber of people to each duty, but to insure that each doesitn genuineness:" M. Franklin never forgets any engagement wheabroad during the past year.To return to the History of tho'Marvelous.The mating was well attended, a n d t h e questionthat duty to which he is appointed. This is the mean-<•*ingwhichmustbeattachedtothewordby thereaderistooamiabletosayhowmuchithurtshim. behadtheproeptctofgoingtoParadisethismorniu umesformbutthehalf,wasoriginallyundertaken EvenBishopDupanloup'sattackuponhisdeadpre- surplusfundsandthechurchlibrarywasv^*<above. all) tho*e " in cliarge" of sick, whether ofnamhersorofindividuals,(andindeedIthinkitis ;': withindividualsickthatitisleas*,understood.One ,*iek person is often waited on by four with less pre-cision,aird isreallylesscared forthan tenwhoare waited oo by one;or at least than forty who,are waited on by four; and all for want of th'soue person " in charge. )Itisoftensaidthattherearefewgoodservantsnow;I say there are few good mistresses now. As the inry seems to have thought the tap was in charge of the ship's safety, «o mistresses now seem to think the house is in charge of itself They neither know howto/Svaorders,norhowtoteachtheirservantstoobey ordex^HLe.,to obey,intelligently,which is therealmeaningofaD<JJ*J#^'^chargeoftenseemtohave S^rtSiiSwSad orcarryontheirarrangements,c be wonld beg for permission to remain on earth till in 1854, at the time of the American invasion of decessor, Bishop Rousieau, are amiable flatteries and explained by a member who. pleaded guilty olcueam«^'wl(j. ^-counts,&c,butthemselves,theirsystemsJgf^^Jtoi.ratherincarryingona icaltableenlargedbyMr.Clarkefromthereferences•-•(':But we must not multiply extracts. T h e book half past one o'clock, to receive the parting welcomeFrancebyspirit-rappersandturningtublos,and incomparisonwiththeirvigorous'dirt-throwing.takirg the librarv himself, but it was done out of o take,astbebook'sweresupposedbyhimtoJuaveo* longed to the pastor; and as to the surplus tuuds the-rateandvaluable.—Mr.Collier,inacommunicationto ThcAtkenaum, •ofhisownstrength,mvmisledtoiuveutinviniWe tractsfrom,thewriting*oftheseliterarygladi*Isonhavingtheprivilegeoftakingwithhimalady. Untitled Documentfacility at catching the tone of exaggerated compli- success;' here; they wore the vogue, and maderuentcommontothetimes,andthesocietythathewasJurorcforaseasonortwo.Thoughtful,sensiblehorting to Christian chanty in debating, w * 4 compliments, which this learned o ld gentry was finally taken a t a late hour, which ««*[£*; habituallydealtouttoeachother,willsuffice. favorto:Uagainstareconsideration.-AjJESjhiuthen a distinguished member of.—In recording the death of Sir William Napier, theHistorian of the Peninsular War, the obituardea allrecordanaffectinginstanceofliterarydevotioninhiawife(LadyNapier),whonotonlypatientlypuzzledoutpeople were startled by the Midden outbreak of this passion for tho marvelous in the midst ofthe philosophic, scientific nineteenth century. A better knowledge of the history of the past, aavs Figuier, wouldLave prevented, oratleast greatly"dimin' iBhed,theirastonishment. Forit wouldreallybeThus the Jesuit Father Gurasse styles Etienne made to appropriate the amount to thef^^Y, for"None of the numerous writings on the great po- liticalquestionsoftheday,hasagreater meritofDISSOLUTION O F THU EASTERN CoscRXGATioiut. CutitCH.—Some timesinceitwasdecidedbyth«to read to the sick; very few'read aloud as pleasantly ages stilllingered till within a few years in Lower actvalit6 than Louis Figuier's Histoire du Mervcil- Figuier cites the epidemic religious convulsionsof members of tbe Eastern Congregationalist Church,lo- even as they, speak. I n reading they sing, they hesi- the Swedish Roestars in 1846 as a striking instance,\J^W****Wf»#jMV*ii 'r- ,-«,-*'.•..••*",',sv.'i^turir-WH^V^4^**"V/-/,**M*i" tragedy and comedy crowd upon each other, and" tragedy, the sublime and the ridiculous, alternate and Gauffrey, clianson de gestc, publice pour la PARIS,Feb.25,1800. "with,andcrowdupon,eachother,"thanwithallpremierefoisd'aprhsleMS.unif/uedcMontpeUier.tate,theystammer,theyhurry,theymumble;whenin Brittany,anditseemsthat,withtrueCeltictenacity, leux dans les Temps Moderncs (History ofthe catedatthecornerofMadisonandG-oaverneurstreet*, i shortbut Marvelous in Modem Times.) T h e subject could on a large scale, of an almost identical reproduction that, in consequence of the amaUn'es of the congrega- the letterdrefsedinorientalcostume(chieflywhitecalico),ex-II.TheextraordinaryImbi,ofreadingtooneselfin ceptJoseph,who,ofcourfce,shoneconspicuousinhisciallyasajwpularizer ofscience.And,lestIearnedreputationasaman ofscience,andespe-sick or well, whether he be doing nothing or doing some-thingelsewhilebeingthusreadto,theself-absorptionand want of observation of th e person who does it, isdually difficult to understand—although very often M. Hclvetiub is expected. H e believeB even, that •• composition of the work, of which the present vol- In opulence of abuse, they have no modern equals. to the effect that tho pastoi -hadrun away « * » WT h emodern controversial divines and newspaper excitedgreatinterestamongthechuwh-members. editors are but the feeble milk-and-water successors. Some severe speeches were made pro aud con. #OTjjg:>: /'. f.i'A C¥TTtr &#•>•*••••••Divination in all its modifications, the faith inoracles, sibyls, a n d thaumaturgists—«uch was theform of the marvelous in antiquity; and such, these females were to be written, no sofit biogra- f without fundamental alteration, it remains to this pher has existed, orever can exist for them, afcopens with an historical introduction, which is madeupofabrief,rapidsurveyofthe"marvelous,"as NotnearlyequalinmerittoGustaveDore'sillus-London, And, thus given, it is far more intensely interesting,asa"sinisterdrama,inwhichfarceandnomena."Ike Jansenist Convulsionists, ortheMir- Marvel; Rcreres d'unhommeMarie parG.Vf.days,intreatingofthemarvelous—whetheritofaministerialspeech,andarespectableministerial takestheforniofdiabolicpossession,orofanimal wHchhesaidhehadpurchased,andcontendedthatwith denying everything o r accepting everything— all humbug o r all prodigy.which I have b u t touched, without pointing o u t the striking fact,that thepamphleteers uponthe Italian question, who maintain the rights of thePope and the late Dukes, indulge in a violence of down to no later dates than the Protestant prophets Snediker on Thursday, and though he denied all the tone, and often in a grossness of diction, not t o b e of the Cevennes under Louis XIV . [those innocents, allegations of th e complaint, Justice Qaackenbush re- foundinthewritingsoftheiropponents,andthat bytheway,whofancythattheReignofTerror quiredbintofind$3,000bailforbisappearancetoan-swer. I t is rumored that McDougal formerly obtainedthegeneralreaderwhoseekentertainmentfrom debtsbVbeenpaid,.andER-HSSSftTEKperusalofstrangeincidents. wajs,therewasstill tf^wmaimw, anaJrela- tion was adopted providing that UUB • ^ W ^ b e Les Gladiatettrs de la Republique des lettrcs. T h e donated to a new Congregation in the western part of Gladiators of the Republic of Letters iu the fifteenth, theS^tewho^reThawing a new church, aui were inneedofit! Thiswasnotinconsonancewithth«;PuMjuior: " A firol by nature, a fool in B flat, a fool " in B Sharp, a fool a t the top of the scale, adouble- " soled fool, a double-dyed fool, a, fool in scarlet, a "fool in allsorts oifoolishness." ThefamousJuhusCiesarScaligcr "opens out"on thogroaton the spot, but the " baU must be kept *W**m^ while longer, a u d n o vote was taken*. T*» =wo«^ adjourned for a week. ^—ThoBalimore-andOhioRailroad,withmostof* conxoctions,havearrangedforagrandeditorialexcaj-Thatindividualoccasionallyshowedhimbillsofgoodsmuchtalking,disputing,challengingofvotes,andw» — • i sues.ni^^'aassa^t^?^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comU r nmmmtamaamm 