 >m:>tlyb eaKr* XT jrr*h bunianeitoraateofIvanCSa *prve God it not toIWS. **H&r, 1360.!o :iot ex- eldingtheof April,, onsideriog ay $2,500i Conven- upon the of South,c^rnmoda-•ed to re-mnated at obable the vansas un- I to raise he Decio- lt to make ;a<» last re-te Senate, mr, to pre- &ota, and nitted next la~ery was resented t o e this snb-ili proba- tive new excluding assert t h e *very does unless es- II assump-EJOMS Court, m... This a declar- s been re- ort in theiU be ob- tb House* lity L?, allpointed to .!.: abuses ir.d Pfcila- the Store- re recom-ON'3.i District- e followed merly poa- dent, and iaelection in tea the pur- remaining p for inde-designede took no on at the >r;m pres-averse to Depart-.oy a con- iose espe- 1 in repre- (wspapers.dicate that al Officers ed by the bstitute ia explicit ina dLscover- oae of his reasonably glas. His ted. Bothupon the :andidate*, no positive lopfced himcate of his nxi.%to pro- fcbat Secre- tment alsofrom Con- ay yet re-27, 1860. Augusta f France atFice-Consol of Brazil atuificient in- of the mer- l hence the n the Preai-tbe Govern- •x, thefittiotf i is not wellshow that 'bich would airustratioa, ich explan*-e South that cle is on tb» *a account* n extendedstrangers in arioue qnar-00,000 were enefit of the exertions ofow that the U\*JXto Hoa-tedtatee thatstandingarmiesaredangeroustoliberty.Mr. THEI/PS (Dem., Mo.) opposed and Mr.D E L A N O (Rep., Mass.) advocated the amendment. Without taking the question, the Committee rose. Adjourned.+ , , , Republican Meetings,ARRIVALOF THE;BOHEMIAN.adopted an address to the Kiag. expressing the devo- inthenatidhalJbneofpolicypursue*bythe Kunzinreference: to Central Italy. The Municipality farther!posed to the rihka of fcuch a pdltcy, without bdijig able to reckon on the auppoit ct Franca.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069LONDON MARKETS.—WHKAT waa firm, and theflus majority of 26.*" • Yonkcr*has,deae glorify;BBramon, on the w a r down from the Capital, imposeda forced loan of $100*,000 on the people of Pnebla, and •$70,000 on those of Jalapa, and what is more, gotihemoney.XXXVITII CONGKESS. FIRST SESSION.f~Th* Municipality of Milan have u_n_a.nimous.l_yJqnalttlwi/./dfher. Sr/OAabuoyantand"&£bisher. CwxsI firm. Tju—att/nrera?*Jbp»IaeMi, without quotable ohmtme. Rro* ftm. TAtxow-^flri^tfM.HebtfT decltaedj Y. C.'.t«/ffJM9/. Lwmx» OJI-, 28/. VOPVVU declined £ 5 ^ tun on manufactured, and£d.oilth*sheet.>AMERICA* SECT/IUTIES,—The market for Americangtoclui WTUI firm.L#tmoN MOSET MARKET.—The London Money mar-MEXICO,DETAILSOF THE NEGOTIATIONS OF THK BRITISH AN2X MEXICAN GOVERNMENTS. . The telegraphic details of the latetransactions in tadSENA TE-.. WASHitfGTOfr, March 27, 1860.• Mr.SEWARD(Rep., V-Y.)presentedapetitionmJavor of the Homestead bill from citizens of * e w - Special Doipatch to The N. Y. Tribune.vision* J)ulJ—Consols Advanced.;—*jx~accountTPROVIOENCK, Tuesday, March 27, 1860. Mr. BROWN (Dem., Miss.) presented the resolutions The Republicans are holding a very large meetingOn motion of Mr. SAULSBURY (Dem., Del.) the t resolutionsofMr.Davis(Dem.,Miss.)relativetothe Territories, etc, were taken up, and made the specialLIVKHPOOI;, March 15—COTTON-Sales:to-day, 12,500 bales; said by the Trait-d' Union to bvve been one ol peace The steamship Boruseia, from New-York, arrived at majority for annexation, 37,963; the number of persons including 4,000 on speculation and for export. Market firm. and conciliation. A short tixot• ago wo published ex-The Bohemian reports having left Queenstown-atMr. DOOLITILE (Rep., Wis.) presented a memo- panies of Federal Cavalry, under Capt. Stoneman, 5:45 p.. m. on the 15th inst.; experienced strong jjkingdom. • ".same subject. Capt. Aldham w#» <the agent in makhsg; 'the communications to the beDigVrents; but, as the REW-Y0RK LE&ISLATUREL 'British Government had recognwod the<authority oforder for Monday next.companies of Rangers, under Col. Ford, and two com-rial in favor of a Bankrupt law. westerly winds until the 21st, then light W . and S. W . Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tenn.) rose to a persona1 crossed the Rio Grande on the 16th into Mexico, inexplanation. He had seen a report of a speech made search of Cortina, who had returned to the frontier. winds., .BaLpowA, 13th.—The vote in this city is 21,694 for annexation, and two for a separate kingdom.PAKMA\. 13th.-—Of the 16,U00- electors'in this town oyer 14,000 voted for annexation, and 51 for a separate kingdom. The number of electors in the provinces isSENATE....ALBANY, March 27 i860. Petitions Were presented for & reduction of fore on the New-York Ciiy Bailroads, forareduction of freightMiramon, he was compelled tomaio his official jprop- otitiens, in the hrrt place, to thst-ccsamander. Never- theless, before setting out for Kiranrt»n s camp, he un- officially informed the Constitutional' Government in Vera Cruz of the nature of tbe instriuett;ons transmittal'by the Senator from New-Hampshire (Clark) at Do-ver on the 7th of March, in which reference bad beenThe troops approached the encampment at night, and drove in the pickets and took thirty prisoners, whoThe Anglo Saxon arrived at Queenstown on the morning of the 15th and proceeded.jnade to his (Johnsou's) State and himself.The extract was read by the Clerk, in which it was claimed to belong to a large body of National GuardsStated by Mr. Clark that Tennessee had t^o little in- They also went in search of Cortina the next morn- town.dustry or enterprise to develop her mines of copper, ing, when a large Mexican force appeared and claimedetc; and further, that in a conversation he (Clark the prisoners as their rear guard. It was afterward ship Africa bound east.to amend the act for the removal of obstructions in1 amen"he desired to ascertain what woxrid. be the opin-had with him (Johnson) he had made some admissions On the 22d, lat. 45.19 N. long. 43.08 W., saw a relative to the insecurity of slave property at the ascertained that these forces had been watching theAUSTRIA..It is stated that Austria, while declaring her inten- the Crotonwater used at Sing Sing. ' ' structions. The Constitutional authorities refused toSouth.Mr. Johnson asked if this was a correct report.Mr. CLARK (Rep , N. H.) said he*aid not see why. he was called upon in the Senate for an explanation of'What he had uttered on the stump. The Senate was the river above Brownsville, determined to capturenot the proper place for such an explanation. He was Cortina.On the 25th, lat. 43.21, long. 60.49,. saw a large unite with Pruesia for the protection of She integrity of against the bill. After a long session, progress was re- cial correspondence as far as the enemy's Unes.ready to meet the Senator outside and give him any explanation.Mr. JOHNSON could not see why the Senator could not avow or disavow the language attributed to him.Mr. CLARK positively declined giving any expla- nation in the Senata.Mr. JOHNSON would, then, assume that the report w a s correct, and answer it accordingly. If the Senator had made himself familiar with the facts in relation to mining in Tennessee, then he had stated what he knewIn the House of Commons on the 12th, Lord John • he knew nothing about. The Senator could take either on the same day and at the same hour. Mr. RusBell Russell stated in reply to inquiries that a great deal of horn of the dilemma he chose. Mr. Johnson then pro- promises to make the time from St. Joseph to Virginia correspondence had taken place with Naples relativePRUSSIA.The Prussian Chamber of Deputies had unanimouslyadopted the bill which guarantees the Presa againstpaesng its concessions withdrawn by Administration Special Committees. eubmit them, wben they would be exanmed andJto be untrue; and if he had not made himself conver- sant with the facts, then he had spoken of somethingThe first pony express leaves St. Joseph, Mo., at.5 p. m. on Tuesday, April 3, and every week thereafterrails.rto the Church party, and not to the Liberal party; that ' the Constitutional Government had limited-itself to giving him permiesion to leave the city with his officialupon any subject: but if such was the case, he had express. The tariff from Virginia City to all points inTbe projected journey of Sir H. Buiwer to London Porte had concluded a loan of 25,000,000 of francs.INDIA AND CHINA.A telegram announces that Mr. Wilson, Chancellorof the Indian Exchequer, made his financial statementnever used the language attributed to him. What he had saidj and he was willing to repeat it; was that if this abolition issue was pressed to its ultimatum, and the negroes should be raised to insurrection, the non- elaveholders would unite with the slaveholders and subjugate them; and if the resistance was obstinate, that he believed the extirpation of the negro race would then ensue. This would be the end of the phi- lanthropic effi>ra of the Abolitionists.California is $2 for the first ten words and ten cents foreach additional word. The tariff for expressing is not boldly move a vote of censure, when Ministers wouldThe prize steamers Miramon and Marquisa, and sloop- Mr. CLARK said that when the proper time arrived of-war Preble, are all anchored opposite the city.cuiastances, at the present moment, is inexpedient.. After a debate, the amendment was rejected by a vote of 192 to 245; majority in favor of the Govern-ment, 53. The bill was then read a second time.two per cent, and above that at 4 per cent, with no exemptions, and a large duty upon tobacpo; the tariff is to be modified; there is to be no loan.Telegraphic dispatches from China are to the 30th ofhe would take the occasion to state what he did say in his speech, and when he did he would say nothing in disparagement of Tennessee, nor dispute tne fact that she made more horees, asses, and mules than New- Hampshire.The bill to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy Was then taken up and considered.The Preble .brings 120 prisoners, among whom are Commodore Marin and his two sons.The prize steamers bring 60 prisoners.The prisoners from the Marquisa were taken to the parish prison by the United States Marshal. Their trial has been postponed.On the 13th, in the House of Commons, Lord John January, and report the exchanges without alteration; Ruseell laid unon the tab e futher correspondence rela-.Secretary that the service d'd not require so many the Court, and that no decision should be made. HeThe Duke de Montpelisier had arrived in England on a visit to his mother, the ex-Queen of France.of Savoy and Nice by a special treaty to be made be- Pennsylvania Central and Baltimore and Ohio road», Cruz, and you will take measures to Jtransmit to that ttween France and Sardinia. The treaty will be fol- in regard to the schedule. In case no arrangeinent/can officer all propositions which tho Central Government l.Chaplains.The amendment was lost—Yea3 15, Nay3 23. Ad-journed.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The House concurred in the Senate's amendments to the bill for fulfilling the treaty stipulations with theIndians of Oregon and Washington..Mr. BRIGGS (S. Am., N. Y.) presented petitionsproduced documentary evidence to prove that theslaveB were in Canada, beyond the jurisdiction of theCourt, and that the owners, having received paymentfor the slaves, had acknowledged the compensation,and had no farther claim; and| that the3e being the ender of the Mosquito Protectorate. only parties interested, nothing was left but an imma-J a y in taking this position, as the Court stands five from New-York, numerously signed, praying for the Republicans to two Democrats and one American.from Berea, Madison County, with John G- Fee, re- turned to Berea; whereupon a Committee waited upon him for the purpose of again ordering him from the county. Hanson, with twenty-five or thirty asso- ciates, armed with rifles, fired upon the Committee, but without injury to any one. Hanson's party then retreated and barricaded themselves 4n a house. The Committee, which is composed of twenty-five or thirtyty's Government baa no hope of seeing peace reestab- •b- lished by the triumph, through forcible means, of either er of the two parties. I have the honor, & c ,•'JOHN RUSSKLL." at The Trail d' Union eays that noth withstanding whatLord John Kussell says about the time when the dis- .fl- patch was commenced, it has reason to believe that at President Buchanan's Message was, in fact, the caase sepassage of a bankrupt law. Although the evidence was produced by Mr. Jay tothe Romagna:.For annexationFor separate kingdomThe House then proceeded to the consideration of substantiate his position, it is the opinionof lawyers the bill further to provide for the safety of passengers that the Court cannot consider the same, since no op-2,fi59 224on boats propelled m whole or part by steam. portunity has been afforded the parties in interest to Mr. W ASHBURNK (Rep., HI; urged the im- controvert the facte.LONDON, Thursday.—The Paris correspondent of The London Times reports that Tuscany will proba- bly be taken possession of by Piedmontese troops im-portance of the passage of the bill. No remonstranceagainst it had come from the West, New-England orthe South, and there was none from anywhere exceptperhaps particular localities. This bill proposed tosubject ferry, tug and freight boats to examination bya local Board of Inspectors, bringing them within theprovisions of the law of 18o2. The propriety of thiswas obvious as some most terrible accidents have hap-pened on ferry boats. The provisions of the sameBtatate extended to sea-going steamers, lrmiting thepassengers to a reasonable extent and requiring thevessels to be examined by the local inspectors fromtime to time, in older tbat the public may know if theyare seaworthy, or mere -worm-eaten rotten hulks,•which the cupidity of the proprietors have put on theirlines under lalse names calculated to deceive. Thebill proposes that no ocean steamer, running over 400 torchlight procession was formed, which numberedmiles, snail carry exceeding one passenger for every at least 6,000. It was the largest political gathering three and half tuns. According to this limit the which has been held in this city since the Harrison" Nevertheless, desirous of putting an end, as F^XMA - in New-Y ork a few days since for tbe alleged murder j as possible, to the efl'usion of tho blood of my fellc^- •'"ateamer Augusta can carry 370, the Arago 640, the Korth Star £J0, the Star of the West 330 passengers, exclusive of the crew.Interested men from New-York, however, say if such a provision be adopted, their trade will be broken down; out he would ask whether, in view of all the circumstances, the limit was not sufficiently liberal.The bill also provides for a system of lights, follow- ing the example of France and England, and for four new Boards of Inspectors—one each at Memphis, Ore- gon City, Padncan, and Galena. All things consid- ered, the additional cost to the Government, as com-pared with the present law, would not exceed $237 per annum,Mr. T A YLOR (Dem., La.) spoke of the-inefficiency of tie existing law, and to give it force he proposed the application of a new principle, namely, human in- terest for the protection of human life. The substi- tute he had prepared for the pending bill provided that 5a eaee the owner of a boat fail to comply with the re- quirements of the present law, he shall not effect aninsurance, and if one be effected it shall be vitiated, and in case of the destruction of, or serious injury to life, by fire, expioeion, or at the wheel, the master, en- gineer, pilot, or other officer, shall not again be em- ployed on board any steam vessel until there has been a prosecution at law, and a "verdict not only of acquit- tal, but that the.person acquitted is absolutely free of blame.Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) opposed the bill. The evils complained of could not be controlled by acts of legislation. His first objection was that it inter- fered with the rights of the States, by extending the acts of. 1852to ferry-boats chartered by State or mum cipal authority; and second, the increased expenses to the Treasury. He would refer the bill to the Commit- tee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) said such a reference would be the death of the bill, and urged that furtner Jegielation was needed.Mr. GARTKELL (Dem., Ga.) said the passage o 'the bill was demanded by the interests of the grea;. being a fugitive slave. He is claimed by Charles T.James Odell, alias James H. Clark, who was arrestedof Alblin Curtiss in this city in 1&54, was acquitted citizens, I would present to the Government of .'»masses of the country, and opposed only by monopo- lizing ^hip-owners.Mr. SICKLES (Dem., N. Y.) regarded the provis- ions of the bill, in the main, as salutary, and said its passage would be gratefully accepted by the country.Mr. HORACE F. CLARK (A. L, N. Y.) stated his objections to the bill, which, before put on its passage, should be read and understood in its practical op- eration.Butler of Virginia. The case was before the United States District Court, Judue Cadwallader, this morn- ing, but at the request of the fugitive's counsel, it was postponed until this.afternoon. Considerable excite- ment exists among the Abolitionists in regard to the matter.. . , _ ._ 0, .'„,.-.•At the hewing ol the Fugitive Slave case this after- noon OeorgeH. Earle, counsel for the prisoner, ob- jected to ihe transcript of the proceedings of the Jeflbr-• from Liverpool for City Point, is ashoae at Crrrritufc. Constitution, which sha'ihave no effect tilt appro***The further consideration of the bill was postponed son County Court, the name of the prisoner beingSTATE o r TRADE.—The adviceB from Manchesterjare unfiivoirah'.©. There was but little inquiry for goods, anil price*, were weak, orevious quotations being barely maintained.The Explosion, at Sfiyde Pa-dk. SCKANTONJ, Tuesday, March 27v I860.two weeks, and the House went into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union on the Army bill.Mr. BOTELER (S. Am., Va.) moved tj increase the appropriation for the National Armories to $100,000.Mr. ETHEREDGE (S. Am., Tenn.) opposed the amendment. Legiulation, he said, ought to be with a view to peace, and not to war.Mr. BOTELER rep'ied, that wben foreign nations could thus be taught, there would be some propriety in the gentleman's remark.spelled in various ways, and there being numerous alterations and erasures. Mr. Benjamin A. Brewster, counsel for the owner, produced evidence proving the identity of the slave, after which the hearing adjourned till to-morrow. __ TJ ,.In the Supreme Court this morning, Mr. Harding applied for an attachment against those members of the Pittsburgh City Councils who refused to obey the orders of the Court in leftrence to the railroad sub- scriptions. Tne writ was-made returnable on the Urat Tuesday after the first Monday iu May.LIVERPOOL BREAOSTUKKS MARKET.—Messrs. Kicn- oniy. three; none killed, and no. very heavy darrjige claration that it» propositions weie absurd -and i»~Major Heintzelman had sent a reenforcement of two companies of artillery to them. Three thousand of theChurch party's troops were expected on the Rio Grande. mouth.A large number of bills were reported complete from ernment Miramon remarked that if the Vera Cms* r Government had any propositions to make, it ahooIA-vIt was reported that Gen. Garcia had invited Ameri- cans into Mexico.The UTew Route to California. ' S T . JOSKPH, MO., Tuesday, March 27, 1860.The ship Caroline was a total wreck near Teig-GREA TIn the House of Lords on the 12th, notice was re-ceived from the Commons that they had agreed to an address to the Crown oh the subject of the Commercial treaty with France, whereupon Lord Taunton gave notice that he would move for a similar address from the House of Lords on the 15th.proceedings.SPAIN AN1> MOROCCO.Nothing of importance had occuned at the seat ofAmong the bills reported by the Grinding Committee acted on. was the bill making foreign^ Insurance Companies,yet fixed.be fully prepared to defend their course.Mr. Gladstone moved a second reading of the bill torepeal the paper duty.•—:Mexican News. NKW-ORI.KAK.S, Monday, March 26, I860.bonds to the Sodus Bay Railroad.To authorize a double track on the Ravenswood,Hallett's Cove, and Williamsburgh Railroad.To amend the charter of the AtianticDock Company. a guard of four hundred cavalry, Miramon himself • For the relief of the mortgage bondholders of the being with them. The Trait d' Union charges that IUtica and Black River Railroad, and enable them to this officer availed himself of the privileges of-his p»r I organize the new company. sition to examine the defenses of the place, and that To authorize the Brooklyn Central and Brooklyn the escort advanced so far that the Vera Cruz authori- and Jamaica Railroads to consolidate, and continue ties were obliged to order them back. The common^their roads. cations brought at this time, were addressed to Capt. a Mr. CONKLING moved to strike out the enacting Aldham. They contained Miramon's answer to Lordclause of the last-named bill, but after debate, the John Russell's propositions.county officers. The vote polled was very light; in Leavenworth County the Democrats elected,their can- didates by about the usual majorities.•a Jury. share markets there was a general tendency to higher Lord Elgin had gone to Paris on public business in ppcee. British Railway Stocka were particularly connection with his mission to China. He was ex- buoyant; all the markets closed at the best prices ofand 10a. m. Arrive at Cincinnati at 4:15 p. m., and 3-.40 a. m. and religious toleration should be proclaimed; because r-Arrive at New-Orleans at 9p. m., and 8:30 a. an. Arrive at St. it is only through some concessions by each of the 0«T> nL GoiNo7E^Lea^e StfLuis at 7P. m.and 7a. m. Leave ***> the contestthat the re^teblishment of peaee'eaaNew-OrleanH at 7 a. m. aud 5J p. m. Leave Cincinnati at 6 a. nx.. OO noped lor . >eii a. m., and lip. m. Leave Uuffaio-at 10:40p> m., 5a. m., and. " I f this advice, offered for the good of Mexico b*- itALBANY, Tuesday, March 27, 1800. John Jay of New-York appeared before the Court of Appeals to-day as amicus curia: in the Leminoa slave case, to argue that no bona fide case was beforeMr. Labouchere, would probably succeed Lord Elgin as Postmaster-General. >,The cotton mill of the Messrs. Haslan at Preston had been destroyed by fire. Loss over £20,000.account, 94i-a>94J.'» demand from the « roads were not represented at the Conference. 8tuwo parties reparation commensurate with the injuriesture case between the States of Virginia and Ne w-York. Some speculation prevails as to the motives of Mr.FRANCE.The Paris iSicclc had received a warning for an al-leged outrage against religion. The Siccle praised and indorsed a work in which certain dogmas of the Catholic and Jewish creeds were set down as shams.The Moniicur publishes the treaty of commerce be- tween France and England. The publication is pre- ceded by a long report, giving a historical outline of the negotiations which preceded the signing of the treaty.Sardinia cedes to France, Savoy unto Mount Cenie, and Nice unto Villa Franca. Thus all the pasBes ox the Alps will be possessed by France.BOLOGNA, Thursday morning. The following is the official return of the voting inheld at Columbus on the od of April.+ •Lynch Troubles In Kentucky. LOUISVILLE, Tuesday, March 27, 1860." This dispatch was commenced before the Message f« of the President of the United States arrived here. e. The President proposes to depart from the ot^abijgjj^ id policy of the United States, with a view of giVo» tn o re Liberal party, under M. Juarez, a triumph ovei. the. heThe pupils of the Deaf and Dumb Institution gave a very interesting exhibition to-night, before a densely crowded audience in the Assembly Chamber.The reply of the Holy See to the last proposals of mediately after the annexation, that is, at the close of men, are armed with revolvers. A military force has of the dispatch being written and sent.NEW-YORK DAILY ^^S^W&^mk^^^^BXit^M5JkA% I " "' !.• • -••»*»^«yiiw Mr.ETHERIDGEsaidtbatwaxlikeuation3doIHKuse:... Tfurnish us an example worthy of our imitation. Weshould adhere to the maxim of our fathers, that large j FOURDAYS LATER FROMEUROPE. tion of the ctranSry to hlflf .majesty, and their confidenceneously with the City of Waebington for New-York, moment the election in the Centoaf Italian States was of the Mississippi U l ^ A \ K S *S at Woonsocket to-night, addreeeed by the Hon. Henry at noon of the 14th inst., touched at Queenslown on deoidednid in the construction of the Gulf and Ship-IslandRailroad. «• . • < » J «_-»iMr. SLIDELL (Dem., La.) introduced a bill giving the consent of Congress to the levying of tpnoage duties by the States bordering on the Missisuppi forthe improves0*11' thereof.On motion of Mr. BROWN, Saturdays were setapart for the consideration of business relating to the jifetrict of Columbia.the 15th, and arrived at Portland at 9 a,m. of the 27th, bringing 97 passengers and a full cargo.The Royal Mail steamship Arabia, from* New-York, arrived at Liverpool at 6£ p. m. of the 12th.The steamsbip Prince Albeit, from New-York March 1, via St. John's, N. F., arrived at Galway at 7 a. m. of the 13th.Brownsville advices of the 23d inst. state that two Southampton on the afternoon of the same day.The latest voting on the question of annexation toSardinia took place on the 11th and 12th, ia the variousItalian States. Immense numbers of people asssembled including 9,000 on upecttfation and for export. The market closes transmit fcbflm to the capital. 'Jhis waa accordinglyB. Stanton.The meeting addressed by Mr. Stanton and Mr.Thnr3ton, in this city last evening, was the largest aud most enthusiastic of the campaign. The greatest en- thusiasm prevailed.•••Front Texas. NEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday,March27,I860.tlVRUPOOn, Thursday, p: nr.J. W. Hinckley, the father of the vocalist, IsabellaHinckley, died suddenly this morning. Miss Hinckleyis supposed to be on the way home, after brilliantsition to create a Vicariate of the Romagna in favor of a foreign sovereign, his Holiness shows himself dis- posed to enter into the path of reform, on condition that the integrity of the States of the Church is guai- auteed.The Paris correspondent of The, London Post writes that: " The Frencn Government, I have every reason ' to believe, had sent a telegraph dispatch to the French army in Italy, requesting the Commander-in-Chief to be ready to evacuate Italy within twenty-four hours, and yet I do not believe the Emperor will withdraw the troops, even if the people of Central Italy vote forannexation."The same authority asserts that the foreign relationstriumphs.Political Meetings in Hartford. Cburch. Although decidedly rejecting the propo-tingent of ihe Federal army.The London Times publishes a letter from Naples,which states that the recent arrests there have been on a scale which even the late King would not have attempted. Among the persons arrested are persons of.most modest views; many are heads of families, and engaged in business. For such, the order to quit the country is absolute iuixi. Dismay and terror pre- vail among all claB8es.The Government had been led to its arbitrary acts by its apprehensions of a political climax from the elec- tions in Central Italy.It is admitted that the exhibition of the national col- ors would cause an outbreak, and the Government therefore thought it a wise thing to get rid of all thoselish peace in the Republic; he thinks, with the British m A large meeting of citizens of Oswego was held Government, that peace cannot be reestablished by >yHARTFORD, Tuesday, March 27, 1860. The Democrats held a very large meeting here to- night, which was addressed by Mayor Wood. Theylast evening at the Board of Trade rooms, to give ex- expression of their sentiments in regard to the action of the State Senate on the Toll billt.and favoring the Pro Kata bill. The Hon. Cheney Ames and (others addressed the meeting. . Resolutions were'uanimously adopted calling upon the Senate fos favorable action on these measures, and strong fealings were mani- fested.force of arms; that a road must be opened for nego- o- tiation; but that the armistice has its perils in the cir- r-also had a torchlight procession.The Republicans dedicated their Camp to-night.cumfetance that the suspension of hostilities, with a sole view to an armistice giving hope of peace, is not pos- sible .while the principal military operations. are di- rected against an important place which cannot be at- tacked except during a limited season, now about ex- piring. He adds:leDelegates were present from all parts ot the State; over 3,000 came on special trains. Trie Hon. Thomas Corwin and Senator Wilson spoke. Afterward, ag1tl IIMlcampaign.The Republicans are greatly encouraged at the im-mense gathering. The whole city is alive with excitement.»Ittassacltnsetts Politics. WORCKSTKR. Tuesday, March 27,1860.The IXth District Republican Convention assembledin this city to-day for the purpose of chosing Delegatesto the Chicago National Convention. An unusual de-gree of interest was manifested throughout the pro-ceedings. Messrs. J. D. Baldwin, editor of The Daily an address to the Emperor, thanking him for his ser- St err, and Amasa Walker of North Brookfield were vices in Italy.chosen Delegates, both of whom unequivocally ex-pressed their decided preference for Wm. H. Sewardfor the Presidency.this afternoon.Juarezj if I thought they would be accepted, the .* I- lowing propositions:"BOSTON, Tuesday, March 27, 1860. Geo. W . McLellan of Cambridge and Samuel Hooper of Boston were last evening chosen Delegates, with Peleg W . Chandler and Samuel Fall of Boston as Sub- stitutes to the Chicago Convention, from tne Vth- Con-gressional District.O. P. Rogers' and Josiah Dunham were electeddelegates to the Chicago Convention by the IVth District Republican Convention this evening.Tlte Iowa JLegislatnre.CEDAR RAHIDS, Iowa, Tuesday, March 27,1860.The Iowa Legislature has conferred upon the Cedar Rapids and Missouri River Railroad Company a land- grant of 700,000 acres, recently reserved lor the Iowa Central Company. This is the most valuable grant in the State, and insures the speedy extension of that line to the Missouri River.Fugitive Slave Cas«.PHILADELPHIA^., Tuesday, March 27, 1860.A yoang negro, numed'Moses Horner, was broughtTHE SAVOY QUESTION. Proclamations from the Governor of Savoy were posted up in all the parishes of that country, notifying that the inhabitants will soon be called upon to vote on the question of the maintenance of the union with Sardinia, or annexation to France, according to theform prescribed by Parliament.The London Telegraph positively affirms that anoral and confidential request had been made to En- gland to join with Prussia and Russia in protesting against the alienation of Savoy from Sardinia.It was stated that England supports the demand of Sardinia to ascertain the wishes of the people of Savoy and Nice by universal suffrage.ments the belligerent forces shall suspend nostilibee y with an accident when approaching this city.: The tbrouehout theRepublic Thoy will be .immediately itstate their resolution to support such policy, and as a Cotton 9cclinili*g--BreAdatnrfr* Steady—Pro- *p]»efc<»'th«ir. firm resolution, they offer to the Kingnear Vera Cruz, were* so fall and minote as to l&aro from The New. Orleans Delta the following statementottheparticularsofthenegotiationsoftheBritish md Mexican Governments:The affair of tHe correspondence far the EttgHak Legation has been (settled. The Juarez Government consented to permit Capt. Aldham. of the Valoro-ai, t#3,000,000fraheB.sunUar resolution,, and other adhesions were expected.ThePariscorrespondentofTJieLondon Times gives The steamship Bohemian left Liveipool, simulta- a report that Bolls of excommunication against Victor Emanuel were ready to be launched from Eqme," thePORTLAND,Tuesday,March27,1860.LewDOjr,Thursday.A dispatch from Trxrirr says that Sardinia Jbas con- sented to cede Savoy and Nice to France by specialtreaty.steamer with two funnels, ship rigged, and all sail set, bound east, supposed the Australasian.ported. • 'A number of petitions were presented for the loca- tion of the City Hall in New-York in Madison Square.BRIT AIN.ceeded to institute a comparison between the relative to the Constitutional reforms recommended by Eng- points of negotiation now pending for the conclusion The bill to amend the act in relation to proceedings whole negotiation must be abandoned.productiveness of Tennessee and New-Hampshire, City, the fir&t station on the California telegraph line, land and France, and in a few days he hoped to lay it of a treaty of allegiance between England, France, in the collection of demands against vessels,was amend- Miramon then showed himself better disposed te ', drawing conclusions favorable to the former. He fur- in eight days. Meesages for California by this route on the table. and the Porte, were a revision of the capitulation and ed so as to preserve the lien law of 1859 for the north- listen, and asked in what manner he could transmitther said that in regard to the conversation alluded to can be forwarded from New-York as late as 4 p. m. of A general discussion then took place on the Savoy right of arm6d intervention in the Principalities and western lakes, and passed. propositions to the Vera Cruz authoritif s. Capfc Aid- :by the Senator in his speech, he had no recollection ofhaving had any conversation with him this session Tuesday, and reach St. Joseph in time for the pony 3ue6tion, in the course of which Lords Palmerston and Servia.The bill to authorize the sale of the Erie and New- ham replied that this could be done by means of a flay York City Kailroad to the Atlantic and Great Western of truce, in accordance with the customs of war.Road, was ordered to be reported complete. It was then agreed that the next day, March 2, UCira- Mr. JACQUES presented a remonstrance against the mon should send an officer with a iiag of truce^and Unsafe Building bill for New-Y ork. accompanied by a small escort, as far as Mali bran, BILLS PASSED. whence, between noon and 4 p. m., he should remit a To authorize Ihe City of Auburn to issue $100,000 communication by the hands of an officer of the gar-ohn Russell deprecated the continued occurrence ofthese irritating debates, and urged the Opposition, if was connected with the object. It was said that thethey objected to the course of the Government, tobir W. Miles moved an amendment, that as the re on the 18th of February. The deficit is about nine peal of the duty on paper will necessitate the addition million pounds; he proposes a trade license of fromof one penny in the pound to the income tax, it is the two to twenty shillings yearly, a tax upon incomes of opinion of the House that such repeal, under such cir- from two hundred and forty to six hundred pounds atrison. •The rextdayan officer of the General Staff was !tive to tne allairs oi Italy, and explained the attitude ' imports bx good demand, less quiet, and in small Bup- The Mexican mails of the 15th, by the schooner Vir- of Government, both as regards Italy and Savoy. He ply; sUksfirm.amendment was lost, and the bill passed. There was no Evening Session.Railroad C©nvejttiaoi«v BUFFALO, Tuesday, March 27, 1860.We give such details of these inter-communication* 8 es are at hand. A confidential note of the British Min- t- ister of Foreign Affairs, dated London, Jan. 26, I860,, >, and addressed to the British Charg6 d'Affaires in Mex- ico, contains the following paragraphs. W e translate e from the French:ginia Antoinette, are to hand.The military conference agreed upon the terms of anThe bill gives senior captains §5,600 per annum;captains, commanding squadrons, $5,000; captains onduty at sea, $4,375, and on dnty, $3,937; commanders,$2,825; lieutenants, $1,500; and increases the pay ofother officers in about the 3ame proportion. It far- Constitution of 18o7, which is the cardinal principle of peace of tbat country.asserted that hostility all along had been shown to the contemplated annexation of Savoy to France, and that as regards Italy, the policy of the Government was dictated by the sole deeire of securing the permanentPo on the 28th of January for the southward.tenants, surgeons, pursers, and engineers after the iirst After three meetings, the Conference was dis- Several Opposition members, iucluding Mr. Disra- Trade was generally dull' at all the ports, but atther provides for increased pay to commanders, lieu- said Government.The gentlemen comprising the Committee appointedby the Railroad Conventions held at New-York and "Her Majesty's Government would see with satis-s-live yeara of service.Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) offered a substitutefor the whole bill, mainly giving lower salaries, but .increasing*some of tho^e of the lower grades.Mr. CRITTENDEN jS. Am., Ky.) ottered an amend- ment to the original bill to increase the pay of midship- men. Agreed to.Mr. SLIDELL offered an amendment that no vacan- cies in Chaplaincy shall be filled hereafter.Mr. IVERSON Pern.. Ga.) said he supposed the amendment was intended to cut oil' the appointment of two gentlemen nominated by the Fresiaent, and re- ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and not vet reported on. He was in favor of reducing the number4>t Chaplains, but was opposed to any " side-wipe" of ' this kind.Mr. SLDDELL disclaimed any knowledge of the two gentlemen referred to. He thought it doubtful whether it was proper to mention what occurred in ^Executive Session; but if such was the case, such nomination was made after the Committee notified thesolved;The garrison reopened fire on the morning of the15th, which was quickly returned from Miramon's bat- teries, two shells bursting in the palace.The French fleet was constantly communicating with Miramon, contrary to Juarez's orders.The steamship Arizona is below, from Arizona 24th inst., with $140,000 in specie..*.Flection in Kansas.LEAVENWORTH, Tuesday, March 27, 1860.An election was held in this Territory yesterday for died very suddenly just after he had finished chargmg Commons last evening on the Savoy question. In thel-armistice, but the Juarez Government disapproved of them, because they did not sufficiently guarantee theWEST COAST OF AFRICA.The February mails from various ports on the WestCoast of Africa had reached England.The United States gunboat Sumpter left Fernandoeli, denounced the conduct of the Government and as- Sierra Leone it was reviving. The Government wasLouisville bast week, met at 10 o'clock this morning, faction an armistice for six months or a year, with t h eat the American Hotel,and organized by appointing J. object of convening a National Assembly, fairly elect- v#serted that the policy pursued had promoted the views of France with regard to Savoy.Liord Palmerston defended the Government, and stated his conviction that if the Great Power." objected France would not persist in the annexation.taking steps to encourage the growth of cotton on the Gold Coast.>LA TEST—ViaLONDON, March 15.— The Daily. News (city article)Bfough Chairman, ana J. Durand, Secretary.The morning session was occupied in arranging theed,-which might provide for the futurs> government of *" the countrv.After further debate, the correspondence was or- eays a fresh improyement of £ •tfv cent took place to-New-York. bul it should be of euch a nature as to promise stability At the afternoon session the following .schedule was and order. With this view, the Executive ahouladered to be laid on the table.The Australian ship Commodore Perry, for whichday in the funds, which closed wi .h firmness. Pur- chasers predominated, encouraged by the unanimity of the electoral voice in Central Italy, and by the mod-adopted, to go into effect on the 16th of April:GOING WHBT.—LeaveNew-York at7a-m.,-10:20a. m.,and5,p. m., New-York time. Leave Buffalo at 10:30p.m.. 4:30a. m.,Jhave a character of permanence.lt ....,., , ., , , ,, .,iitefears were entertained, had reached Plymouth.Mr. Baron Watson, a dirtinguished English Judge, erate tone of the Ministerial speeches in tne House of" A general amnesty should be decreed,A general amnesty should be decreed, and -civilpected to fctart for China in about a foitnight or threethe day. The supplv of money in. the discount mar- ket continues limited. No business is done below 4 W cent. Consols closed for money at 94^®94^, and forc p. m., and arrive in New-Y0rk at 2$ p. m., 9£ p. m., and 10* n o t accepted, her Britannic Majesty's Government eweeks.Tne F.emmon Slave Case.* A report was currant that Lord Staunton, formerlya. m. U o t l l e r e E o a r c e t h a n The Pennsylvania Central and Baltimore and Ohio TM? ^JS ° Jlowed by the vote of the municipality, and tbe twocontracting parties will afterward repeat to the Euro- eturn of the Bay Islands to Honduras, and the sur- pean powers the nature and motives of the territorial arrangements between them. By this arrangementThe English papers publish the'text of a new.Con- vention between Great Britain and Honduras for thebe made with these roads; another Convention w/H be j may have to make with a view to an accommodation.France had reached Paris.The Pope declines the proposition to confine withinthepresent week.•Jne French Government is said to have receivedbeen ordered from Lexington, and it is thought that the disturbance will soon bo quelled.,o:Meeting at ©swesco. OSWKGO, Tuesday, March 27, 1860.Miramon replies that he has maturely reflected on >n«, {the propositions submitted; that he deeply regrets the 10 unhappy events sprincing from the civil war, especially iy in regard to the subjects of friendly nations; he iethanks the British Government for its efforts to estab- b-an exclusive political compass a question.which, as itconcerns the integrity of the patrimony of St. Peter, isultimately bound up with the independence of the preparatory measures for the formation of the con-of France were silently undergoing a great change, considered likely to exercise any influence in such aThe Case of Isaac JP. Shepard. BOSTON, Tuesday, March 27, 1860." 1. There shall be established between the Gove-v-r ment which I represent and that of Vera Cruz, wbere-r and how it may be agreed, relations for arranging a., *and that Austrian influences were in the ascendant. The Paris flour market had been dull, but closed firmer. Wheat, also, was dull, but prices not materi-ally lower.In the wine-growing districts the prices of winemovement.MISCELLANEOUS.Countess Granville died on the 14th at Brighton. Shewas the only child of the Duke of Dalberg.It is now officially announced tbat the Prince of WaleB will visit British America. The time assignedis about the middle of June next.Six new vessels-of-war have been ordered to bebuilt at the Chatham Dockyard, with an aggregate tunnage of 20,000 tuns and 207 guns.Communication is complete between Alexandria and Kurrachee by the submarine cable.Telegraphic dates from China are to Jan. 30. Ex- changes were without' alteration. The total ship- ments of tea exceed those of last year by a million pounds. The stocks were small. Imported goods were in demand.The fall in Tallow on Tuesday was 9d.®l/ & cwt.TKTUAN, Marchl2.—The second campaign has been gloriouBly commenced. On Sunday last numerous tribes, including the Kabyls of Melilla, attacked the encampments at Tetuan, and were repulsed, the Moorish positions taken, and the Moors pursued half a league. Their loss is considerable. <*PARIS, Wednesday.—The Moniceur announces that the Government baa submitted a projected law to the corps Legielatif, dovoting forty millions of francs in loans to manufacturers for the renewal and improve- ment of machinery; and another project forthemodi- fication of the toriiJ on wools, cottons and raw ma- teriala.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.LONDON MONEY MARKET,.—The demand for Moneycontinued active^ both at the Bank and in the open market—thewwere daily becoming rirmer. A great speculative movement was going on in spirits, and prices rose about five per cent in a week.error being discovered in the.indictment. He was. the said armistice, on the manner of reeStablishmflr ~r then arraigned on another indictment, for forgery. peace in the RepublicThe Masonic lodges of Paris were about to presentYork at 5 p. m.Railroad Accident.PHILADELPHIA, Tuesday, March 27, 1860. The Express train from Pittsburgh last night metSpain, Pruesia, and the United States of America, snail, 01 intervene as mediators." 3. The conditions being arranged, and tbe/>onver* n-The Bourse had been pretty steady, but on the 13th closed heavily at 67f. 83c. for Rentes.tion rolative"thcrTtol>enig" rat^ed%y'the two Go_«ern-n-The MilitaryGazetteITALY.of Turin states that the wholeE.VANSVILH:, Lid., Taesday, March^7", I860. .form to the formalities prescribed by the laws recog- .The steamer Anglo-Saxon, from Cincinnati for tie nized by the Government which may have celebrated' Arkansas River, rook fire in her hold and was scuttled. tbem on the part of Mexico. %Her deck cargo was saved. No lives were lost. The «5. The payment ol dues by vessels discharging at boat was insured for $8,000. Vera Cruz, u tli6 Government which. I represent dooideIiK.TKjOix, Tuesday, March,^7„ IWL to open the port, shall take place conformably wUb>. Afire at Mount Clemens, last night, destroyed tne the provisions of the tariff, by remitting tae part which,Empiie. House end several adjoining; b u d d a ^ com- should bo paid at Mexico to the General Treasury of" prising,nearly the entire block on the north side of the the nation, in said citv, or in drafts drown in favor, of • public square. Loss estimated at $2^,000;.insured for the Ministers of the Treasury..'-it•:'.lmarmy Of Sardinia is ordered to be upon a war footing by the let of April, and that Piedmont is about to se- cure a number of riflo barrels from the English ar- senals.$10,000. •- '" 6. An aseembly composokd of the functionaries who. have filled high public post^in the Republic, from tlie>. years 1822 to 1853. shall elect a provisional l^reaidttn of the Republic; shall fix the basis which the provaf sional administration sha'Jj observe, and shall form t b ^M. Thouvenel's reply to Cavour's dispatches of thehere last night from Harrisburg, on the charge of 1st and 3d of March had reached Turin. Thouvenel The fundu had b««a iirru, anc* rather higher; but late on the 12thpoints out the essential difference which exists be- tween the question of the annexation of Tuscany to Piedmont, and that of Savoy to France, and says that the principal difficulty which opposes the first is to ob- tain its recognition by Europe, which has guaranteed the poseeesion of Tuscany to the dynasty of Lorraine. In the latter, this difficulty disappears in the presence of the arrangements between ^France and Sardinia relative to the spontaneous session of Savoy; conse- qnentlv the Emperor requests the regulation of the question of Savoy by simple session to be settled by mutual consent, and without .having; recourse to uni- versal euffrage. M. Thouvenel thinks that to become acquainted with the wish of the coantry, it would suf- fice to consult the municipalities of Savoy. As regardsthe annexation of Tuscany, M. Thouvenel repeats thatFrance could not follow Piedmont in such a perilouscourse, and that if Victor Emanuel accepted the an-rote for the b«Ht biUs at the discount houaea being 4 W cant. there was a slight reaction, which WUB attributed to tho "activityin the discount market. Oa- tho 13th, however, the market again became stiouger, and Coneoln.cloBud firm. No bullion waa.being taken from the Bank of England..NORFOLK, Tuesday, March 27 I860. 'Yba British ship Robert Treat, of Falmouth, N. ifcnexationofTuscany,hewoaidnecefsariiyremainex- atV[)jforFof«und3it/forPearls. Hujurnt»nJy-jiudwUuuvn-Untitled Documentketwaaslightly mere stringent, vrfthabrickdemand. ConsKo>lIsB' $he Municipality of Lodi were preparing to take a o3o«ed on the 18th at 9^094$ for money, and 943«94J for little additional to be baronghtby tie ma2*. Woccff^in all the towns, and much enthusiasm- and confidence was evinced. Admirab'e order was maintained. The following are the first dispatches as to the result:LEGHORN 13th.—The result of the voting in Sienna, Pisa, and Leghorn is as follows: For annexation to Piedmont, 38,026; votes for a separate kingdom, 333;active and steady. BRKADHTBKI'Squiet, but steady. PUOVIBIOTVK: sales trifling.Other articles dull, and unchanged.done on the 1st,Lost. - It appears that Lord 'John. Russell had given positive instructions to the English Legation as to the eotaim; it was to pursue in its ccmnKnvication with the Gover*- >The Bohemian passed the Yigo, bound into Queens- 57,212, of whom 48,070 voted for annexation, and 113 chargeaon milk, and remonstrating against the City to the British Legation, and that he*had received sim-for. a separate kingdom.The army,ofEome has been'increased to 20,000 men.Americans, .and that Cortina was with them but es large American ship painted black with a yellow tion to remain neutral in regard to tbo Savoy question, The Schujlor Countv bill was takea up in Conimri- make-any reply to these inteipellationsj saying that all caped at the first alarm. streak, a Equare white burgee, with the letter A. in had assured Prussia that in the event of the Rhine tee of the Whole and debated by Messrs. HAM-' they could do was to concede to Capt. Aiannmvt&Ai Our troops remain encamped on the Mexican-3ide of the center. frontiers ever beiBg menaced, she wovdd immediately MOND and CAVIN in favor, and Mr. GRANT* permission he required to enable him to stake the offi>Nodate,lat.47.05N.,long.36.40W-spokesteam-Kailroad bills, and ihe New City Hall bul. ilar instinctioifs: that before commrmieating with Mar- BillswerepassedtoamendtheBrooklynWateract;German territory.w9?!& Aldham then se.out. and found ^Miramon at?- MedeJhn, and explained to bim the n»tftr<* of the in- structions and proposals received from/the Brfcish Gov-TURIN, Wednesday. . The Sardinian Government, it is asserted, has con- sented to the demand of France to effect the cessionadjourned, and a'meeting of the LouisvUle Committee "xTM u TMUu . jean ims aispatctt, and deposit a cop; y ingof the LouisvUle Committee " *£ TM . read this dispatch,information that the Military Commission of the Ger- manic Diet has received orders to turn its attention toQueenstown." Her Majesty's Government does not presume ia in details of the time schedule adopted at-Louisville and any manner to prescribe the form of such government, tport. The market closed1 dull, with a• declining tendency, atprice«i partially VM'&Jd. *>\lt5 lower,-principally ou tJ»e infeHor j,peered to sail fo* Vera.Cruz. qualities.are founded; yuu will imderstand the spirit'cotttxelrmg the Government which-1 represent. I am, etc»MM1GUXL MHUKOrcr."*The Juarez Government, on the 3d, retuyned/jJGr*-ardsou, Spruce *. Co. report Flour dull, and ditti/Jult of.s«]<i,atUJfMil lor American iu bbls. Wheat <iuU>t,"but Armrlted, done, 9/10'&loy>7; White. l(l/6@12/. Corn dull;<VO11OMC(88/»»8/6.LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET*.—JB^ef ,was; • dull.£oik -dull. Bacou quiet but steady. Ltu4'q.uiotat59/<z>G0/o. Tallov dull nnd l/^l/C lower; Butohera', W/LivKnr-ooi. PRODUCE MARKET.—Ashes were quiet• — — — Canadian Pajrllamea»t«admibsible. . ARKPTJBLICANTRIV^H.—Yesterday, wr'th aa natrolly. 'CotioM dulj. Rie« dull. Ko»iu dull. Sphit« Turpeutltto dull,Latest via- QuecriMoum.COTTTOW: salos yosterdny and to-day, 22,000 bales, take the letters as far as the Mexican lines, tben#s>inscribedonthelistis'45,718. lMJW>aT»—6,089bales;previouslythisweek,21,487bales. clusivelythenewsoftheBritkhintervention. We LOSDON, March 15-—8TT<JAH firm. Cowan—Sales going at' have? now further and infcerest&'g particulars on t i eFLORENCE, 13th.—Returns of 30 communes give stiff prices. TaAfirm. KICK firm. SAI/TPETKK firm. 101,386 in iavor of annexation, and 2,809 for a separate'Lo»o>oir, 5hureday, p. m:CONSOLS, 9 4 ^ ^ for money, and 95 for account. . ment at Mexico. The orias&irn of Capt Aldham <wa*Harlem Elver; for a free bridge over the same, ancSto ion of the Juarez Cabinet on tha-pr»poaitions to beprovide for an assessment of tbe amount to be paid for submitted in accordance with Lord John RneseJPo in-doing business here, subject to all State laws.'Also, the bill to amend the law relating to Kailroads,Capt. Aldham replied that the Constitutional Gov- ernment had nothing whatever to do with these propo- •by giving Companies owning roads the contrpl over sitions; that he came, not in the name of his own Gov- Late accounts from Tangier state that the Moors were the running of trains of other roads that run pa their ernment; tbat his instructions were to address himself 'war.evincing a fierce spirit of resistance, and preparations were being made for a strong defense of that town.. TURKEY.A Constantinople dispatch says that two of. the order again for Wednesday evening. come, in the first place, from the Church party, or theASSEMBLY/The Annual Appropriation bill was made the special dispatches; that propositions for an armistiee mustAfter the adoption of the schedule the Conference Jf«ed by British subjects.was held at which a resolution was adopted appoint- wjtn the Minister of Eolations, communicating it. Ii_k<e - aing a sub-Committee to confer with the officers of ti wise to Capt. Aldham, for the Government at Vera tdispatched, accompanied, not by a small escort, but by rA man named Hanson, who was recently expelled Church party, under Gen. Miramon. But her Majv*- »s--•—The Jury to-day, in the case of Isaac P . Sbepardy general armistice between the forces of the two parties mtried for forgery, rendered a verdict of Not Guilty, an irough the whole Republic, in order to agree, during, *«The Bohemian's mails will be forwarded south to- "2. It is stipulated that, in these relations, the repre- morrow morning by the overland train, due in New- sentatives of the great powers, Eogland, France,- e,axle of the tender broke,. throwing a portion.of the train off'the track. The bag£age-car caught fiije, and the flames extended to the Express and smoking cara> all of which were burned. Themail and nearlv allthe baggage. and. Express articlessuspended against V«ra Cruz by the Government; which I represent. • "> 0 «<4 Neither of the two GovornrJaents shall conclude*. ra D Y treaty with any foreign p o w 0 r ratify any treaty-consent ,„ t baffi?ai/e and. Exoress article were saved. Nobody nireadv formed, without tne mte«y0ntion and consent 8was injured.„,„,„„„,«,. *-. . , , jnot affect treaties.S e ratification of which has already ..^.officially / communicated to the Government with w W f l l ^ , S S y have been concluded, nor those which.ct^ rAssistance has been sent her. ,-••«>•,;. , Theshijp Jnniata, from Liverpool for Baltimore, has.by a majority of Mexican citizens.''The termination of Miramon's dispatch is asfolloaw* :" You will understand Sr. Captain, tbe reatjoaa «.»ket, were 19,0O» bales, includbJi? 5,500 on speculation and for ex- TheUnited States steamer 3?ocahontaa is hourly ex- which the equity and- propriety of these propoeitio a*LrvEnrooju COTTON MARKET.—The sales of thehreo days endia* >vith Tuesdwy, in the Liverpool CotSou Mar- stone up tie Bay, damaged. ' . . . . . ,The number of men injured at Chittenderj'B shaft k mon's communication to Capt. Aldham, with toe-de-paralleled noil of \,\7S votes, in Y onkora, V/estchetf*? • A vote was taken last night in tho Canadian House County, Ethan Flacg, Republican, WUA elected as Stt- of Parliament on the motion of a wunt of confidence in perviflox, by a majority of about 100. He is the fleetthe Ministry. *lbe. QovoviMeut was enstuuiod by a Anti-l>eaioorati9 Supervisor ever ei*«t#d ia taai ^fjtffq v p s c , Tuesday, March 2J, i860. www.fultonhistory.com 