 aor>;Idiy rebuked f*- 11«H», reputed th*>d Htekrhaa for xi.., he set jJl the rttla* *auaaaastlt,tSkm I the House,a^>^ •iir city oo.te npot^»ved in return ^ rhim ratherquiet *orietyvhemt.dehu j.which.led,byapPotter. *in regard to tfc*are well undet- y >eated. Weleav*8FROM CALTFOENIA. ; Success of the Pony Express*smsehre*, while w e )tionalstand-pou^ice of Mr. PryoTY mdemoed bymany ?ouldnetwiiliogiy aid know that H e . t. 3incerely regardsBat, sobaaelect: taecanon*oftfee ged him t o comWt,I that a deliberate tie, and that, there- ther he would fightdeclining to do so, fcz&rds of & street ;^fterthemniM^t..•-#-w'•:Gov.Houstonhaspublishedalongletterdeclin-ing t o allow h i s name t o b e brought before the " North," intends no sly allusion, we hope, t o the evinced the most-kind and conciliatory disposition in ute, he having left San Francisco a t 4 p. m. on April 3. CharlestonConventionasacandidateforthePresi- Rev.Mr.Kettell,te>whosespeechintheConference alljheindividual casesofcompulsoryenlistmentof Owingto thederangement ofthe wires betweenTerritorialGovernmentthissession. NEWS fROM JAPAN.fcDMui^mentswouldpermithimtopreparethem. Bat thevfjiV* not yeibeen served, and*to that fact, and tok m a n . 1?Aft««>w^ -im. induced Potter ! •pointedinhieremarksasclearlytoimplyhisstrongCandlesarequotaoleat19a AnthraciteCoalis$13®$1450^ talities were extended on every hand, and the King tun. Coffee unsettled. Rice, 17©18jc D ry Goods still veryduello, he wovidtherefore,hese- ated by motives e personal cMaid-braver man lires. onrage that always lat never acta uponforwardto.itspo- tt of ultimate cot*.taken i t s groiad,e felt that, in tixls ig made t o sacrifice fit the House of" masterly speech," in its eye—" are bowing down"to it, and becoming eminently conservative." Slavery most of them regard as a sin; but a largeThe Hon. Wm. Cost Johnson, ex-CongresBmanfrom Maryland, died here to-day.and Queen held court at the palace for the reception of heavy; Drills firm at 9£c.; Sheetings 9c, with but few selling. comes'the rimple truth that delay bas* arisen merely Fish quiet; old Cod i* a drug. Fruit, in tin and glass, declining:the distinguished foreigners, and welcomed them in a large domestic crop will soon come on the market. Dried from the fact that an- overworked District Attorney Fruits unchanged.** cannotpossiblyfindtimetodischargewith promptness• • • *-Untitled Documentoimmmvf!' * ^ ^ l ^ ^ ^ i « ^Isented bis defence. H i? counsel never requested tb e were delivered b y Bishop L a y , th e Rev. Mr. Van privilegeofsendingaCommissiontoCalifornia. HewaB not possessed of considerable means. He was not Klsek and the Rev Mr. Chauncey, and strong appeala purrouided by influential friends. The facts are these: made for aid for the Church in the South West. Th« The usual preliminary investigation of the case w aa Bishop spoke at some length in regard to the fieldhad before the Coroner in August last, aud the tv/o of labor in tho great South W«*r, and showed the dif-mifrom that cflirt. Should the approaching Presiden- expresses the belief generally entertained here thattial eleetzce Jesuit in the choice of the Sham-Demo- the contest will be between Messrs. Hunter and barns. Loss about $30,000; partially insured. The rence.r--••Aihey are actually conducted, is to control the popu- lar action. Nominations are made and platforms puttempts to recover those citiee. from Monday to Thursday, so that members can attend is expected to be in waiting to convey them to Wash- Our embassador, M r. M'Lane has returned to the Syracuse Convention, and the Governor have time ington.LOSS O F THESCHOONERORANDILT.AvIThis is its characteristic fairness.TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH CHARLES- midwinter.«&e «*ehrated precedent of th e Grave Cilley duel, he proposed w>6ght P n o r with anyDEATH OF HOW. W. p. JOHNSTON. '1 moled by no party pledges.f no bargain with political cliques or party leaders,SenatorMcLeodMurphy'sresolutionfortheappoint-TheRover,fromJapan,brings2,700tubsofrape- THECASE.OFMcDONALD. ThosplendidsteamshipAdriatic,Capt.Coinrtock^Bjfar the most important decision made by the CouxofAppeal*atthetermwhichhasjustcon- clude, ws> the affirmation of the judgment of the Suprse Court in the Lemmon case, a result indeedVbich>yeryb*iy expected. This Mr. Lemmon, it <wiH b«ecollected, brought a number of slaves to this ch for the purpose of embarking with them for Texas;but upon being brought before the late -Judge ^ y n e o n habeas corpus, h e pronounced them fie, on the ground that the owner had volun- tarily b>ught them into this State.Tl-TECHARLESTON CONVENTION.AlargenumberofEasternandWesterndelega- thedefeatofthesupposeddesignoftheGovernorto BijfianJuanislandwasinthejointoccupancyoftheportedandprovidedwithcounselentirelybytheveryquietly,buthadnotproceededfarwhoaT o apease t h e wounded sensibilitieao ftheirThe Buffalo Harbor.i•:•H e should euter intafectly willing the other side should. CoL' Landercalkd upon M r . Keitt on Friday night to under- th way of every righteous endeavor of his admin- stand whether his presence as the second of Mr.thy have, reduc d it to a combination of factions,Wisconsin Election.MILWAUKEE/Wis:, Saturday, April 14, 1860. The official returns, up to the present time so change the figures that the vote for Chief-Justice is considered doubtful. The friends of Sloan confidently claim hisYou do not know whether the the act for which hois now confined was committed by him consciously orunconsciously, intentionally or unintentionally. It is day evening, discovered to be on fire in the coal hole.wild stand with their eternal cry of " spoils," inisration.Jut though General Houston would scorn to ac-cetthePresidencyonsuchtermsandfromsucha >ree, h e still stands ready to serve his country inPotter was any longer desired in connection with this affair, and was courteously assured it wasnot.Many of Mr..Pryor's personal andpolitical friends entertain the opinion that he unnecessarily pressed this quarrel on M r . Potter, a n d having assumed a n attitude in t h e House, which w a selection.Noihir)gbuttheociffialcanvasscandecide.•From Albany.not just, therefore, to assume that it was done with malice aforethought, and thus constituted a murder.2. You observe, ms case "attords a most glaring in- "stanceofthetardinesswithwhichjusticeismeted " out in this city to criminals w h o cliance to be pos- " sessed of money."The crew of Harbor Police boat No. 3, with the aid of the crew of the vessel, extinguished the flamoe before any serious damage was sustained. The firois sup- posed to have been the work of an incendiary.. N o arrestsweremade.GARROTED IN MERCER 8TREET.—-Last night, a» Albert Sully of Brooklyn was passing through Mercer street, he was accosted by two girh named Catharine* Buckbee and Mary Ann Wilson, who aokod him to* give them fifty cents, wherewith to get some supper* Mr..Solly refused the request, and was about walking on, when one of the girls seized bb*cap> and with hercompanionranaway. Mr.Su-lyfoliowodthemwin for appearing before the Post-Office Committee chants abbcribed and paid over t o Mr. Lemmon a to advocate Mr. Butterfield's project of mail steamer«umhwr|rthanthevalueofhisliberatedslaves. communicationwithMexico,andyetapplauded Butthetate ofVirginia took up thecaseand the speechofJohnCochrane onthesamesubject.Souther customers, a number of New-Tork mer-mtnt,therewillbedifficultyingettingfullproceed- CourtatVauahington,andtherearegreat grounds ingsofthe^onventioo,therebeingonlytwowiresThecase,bwever,isyettogouptothe Supremeof app*eheoion as t o what the decision there m a y to supply the whole bubiness/ ,trainsarerunningregularlybothways.factory, a grocery, eleven dwelling houses, and lour no laws for the collection of debts or the punishment of criminals, and murders and fights are of daily occur-•S3gJ >«•gang* of slaves,.mete and female, on their way to a| w . * , '>----^.v"'*,.»/*;' . 4 * " ' * * -a.••'•••••'-•. •••••-•'•-•*.• •>•••••-•••••••;- J••••.••a4 newsejltorat$40per100pounds. LumberisworthT «TtWs«^*»^ ^^^^r £?5^^±^things-are selling inproportion, *w-.-i- *» <m£, Srirvrivgibin T«*P*<*ITB\T, «<I *«* tfa* &***££*-Tfie weather ia stormy io-day, with a heavy f*U of tornttr. within um <J*y« tavnttun,J*TV* MI UW prUo««i-i«Southern market, driven hand-cuffed and withWeapon which that ftstidious gentleman might whips cracking about their*ears, through the streets from Maryland, died suddenly to-day. He hauselect. Whereuponthisstealerforthetenetsof ofthiscityunderauthorityotanewdecisionon thecode,'thispunctiliousPryor>notrelishingthe thepartofJu^geTaneyandhisPro-Slaveryasso-whift t)ing o f bullets any more than t h e gleaming o f ciates. This would be the next thing t o t h e fulfill-fenrves, conceived a sudden prejudice against mentoftheanticipationascribedtoMr.ToombsofWilliam.Cost Johnston, formerly in Congt , been ill, but was supposed to be recovering.DOUGLAS HEADQUARTERS.The Douglas men here have their prinoipal head- quarters at the National Hotel under the lead ofsnow On the mountains. " .. • •The Pony Express is greeted with great enthusiasmooonii copie* of the cro««-lnU*r<*at<>rJ<w which h» pr»po** t » propoundtothe^Idwtoa«u«* TtffttvMrtij, «»d«L»tt»n««e* Md placet of wldenco of ike mi»«»M 6 5 propojw to exam-pistols, and informed CoL Lander that he t£d no some day calling the roll of his slaves under the Mr. Richardson, of Illinois.•CHE SILVER A N D GOLD BONlfe.,,jgo.,Saturday,April14,1860. ST. JOSEPH,Thefirst,messengeron,"'heCentralOverlandPonytion, 30 mileseast Oi thifl <**** **&a n office wiI1 b e Dhttict-jLttOTtoy .ball require farther ttos«"»J>»*ffiff openedatthatpointdnri?gthepresentweek. Intwo d*yitopreparehi*croM-interroxatoiiea totke%*«"»"• "$• nelaea. fee wme .ball be •noweTto Mm, tf*gftg«gg£ cationroarbemadetotheCoortforacorrefpeniia* fannercontroversy with him I And so, Soger A. Pryor, shadow of Bunker Hill. Indeed, after such a deci-Ohiodelegates,likeMr. Faran,claim theycan carryMr.DouglasunlessMr.McLean benomi- natedatChicago,who,theyconce.de,canbeathim. T© the Associated Press.not to put too fine a point upon it, who had gone swaggering into this qoarrt-1, skulked out of it adoubfy-disgraced man.K O U 8 T O K OTV C O N T K N T I O Z V 8 .sion, Mr. Toombs might easily do that by passing BankerHill onhiswaytoNew-Orleans anda market.weekstheline willbe'l£ operition 60milesstill further east, when thetimey?Mbereducedtoeightwith California dates to April 3, and Carson Valley The Hu^ld, when it remarks that " the devil It appears by the correspondence between the Gov- dates to the 4th.'•has*gotin^otheMethodistEpiscopal Church ernmentoftheUnitedStatesandthatofPrussia, Thismessengercamethroughintendays'toamin- dating as far back as 1840,/that while Prussia hasdency. Thoughitisimpossibletoreadthisdocu- wereferred onSaturday, andwhomTlteHerald Kingdom, shedoes notmanifestanydesireto ment without calling to mind l i e fable of the fox complimentsia the same article as a "sensitive, surrender the principle involved. •thatfactaC^e,isduethedelayinbrin-gingonth* to the 15th of February. The Government of Japan trial On th *28t*> of February last wer weroluformed From San Francisco w e have the following intel- bad /commenced stamping Mexican dollars, making that the CT«»b:t«»rrogatorieB would be served withinwho stigmatized as sour the grapes that hungadmittedthatagreatmanyofGov.Houston's "slaveinstitution"—-though,tobesure,thatisnot Charleston,andwillavailthemselvesofthisarrange- ment to visit their homes, it is.probable that scarcely athemillegalcurrencyinthatcountry,thusobviatingone thenext10days,au£tbatthetrialwouldb,broughtonout of his reach, at the same time it must beDemocratic members or Congress who are going toof the principal difficulties in prosecuting trade with foreigners.at the present April Term. On this information wo wrotetoMcDomtld'fl"influentialfriends,"*>rntracr invalid brother, an aged mother, and heart-broken- tiater, that the trial -would he brought on ar. April.SAN FRANCISCO, April 3,1860. The United States steamer Powhatan, Capt. Pear- points are extremely well taken, and very strongly saying much—" than any delivered in Congress quorum, if so many will be left heie to attend to the eon, bearing the flag of Commodore Tatnal, arrived onNEWS FROM T H E SANDWICH ISLANDS.The newe from the Sandwich Islands is unimportantThe schooner Emma Rooke of New-London, arrive > Bot the cross interrogatories were not served' within|mt. The letter is principally made up of a seriesofpungentobjectionstothecaucusBystemofPresi-dentialnominationsasithasbeenoperatedbythe precisevalueandbearingofthesecompliments,we Mr.Hooper,thedelegatefromtheTerritory,thatthe cipalEmbaflsador8,.Princesofthehighestrankamongl^mocratie politicians.fiie effect of this system in denationalizing the party, Bnd cutting i t u p into a n incoherent congeries o f sectional and personal cl»qnes, having no common object o f national importance in view, b u t limited to the securing of office, power, spoils, and plunder &arthisorthatsectionoftheparty,andcompelling all the'others.te submit to, and even to promote, this^arrangement. Thus, the Charleston Convention xvill beaaade up of Squatter-Sovereignty Democrats, non-intervention Democrats,Territorial Slave-code 3)emocrats, African Slave-trade Democrats, with i a l f a dozen different shades and varieties o f dis- union, secession and Southern-Confederacy Demo-crats, which last, indeed, may be expected to exer- cise a controlling influence over its proceedings.TheGeneralallegesthat theexisting agitation topon the subject of Slavery w as entirely brought about through the eager struggles of selfish and un- principled Presidential aspirants to manufacture politicalcapitalforthemselves, andhe alludes inMormons have no coinage of their own, and exhibited someoftheirmoneywhichtheauthoritieshaveforced into circulation to show that it is thirty per cent be- low the national standard.It is said the Administration adheres to the posses- sionof San Juan Island, and that, in response to thethe nobility of the empire, and two associates, whoSAV FKKSOKCO, April 3—3 p. m . Tbemarketfortbepa«tweekha«beendevoidofaByoftheTheGeneralpointsoutThat theRev.Mr.Kettellmayunderstandthe begleavetoreferhimtoaharticleinasubsequentUtah,inalecturelastnight,refuted thestatementofatHonoluluonthe16thofMarch. CALIFORNIA COMMERCIAL NEWS.the year opened. Operators have completed their purchase* fortbe fust fortnight in March, hence the real dulineia of trade sincehas been more palpable,. although the market is not et settled." poweiful god"—to quiet down the people of proposition of the British Government, the latter has two in all.trade, keeping stocks down to a low point, pending the change that the large emigration to that region may work when th Spring fairly opens. There is a more healthy demand for goodNew-England and the North-West on the questionofSlavery. "Eventheclergy," remarks TheHerald—no doubt with theNew-York MethodistConference, and the Rev. M r. Kettell, and his condemnation of the duello.refers.vlative Teqneot, and rates advanced, but dealers are doing nothing. Other Spirits aredull;Americandrooping. Whisky43®44c. Brandy 45c. Pure Spirits 42ic. Alcohol 75c Teas greatlf de-indignant terms to his own ostracism, because, fore-seeing the inevitable consequences, he had refused News from the City of Mexico to the 1st inst. do JL&tesfc I>oings isa the I^egislatiare. the 31etult., and have remained the honored guests ofressed. Wines unchanged; 75 casks of Claret perthe ship Jeanand disgrace toi? .: : to give his sanction to the Kansas-Nebraska bill. not confirm the accounts hitherto circulated from Special DiBpatch to The N. Y. Tribune.arjtir are yet in first hands,f3:30 p. M.—All kinds of business much depressed. Pork and•er; and tbait esca me, committed to >e imperUe^ in hit id to meet the exi- id, bis own rights, nta, and also, anddebate on the Be- pestilent Pryor four months beenednesday between it occurred on the nating point in theCoivalry upon the nentofthesession. derers," "incen- mrrent of epithets them for weeks. uits, with glowingPryor, advancing. riazmer,toldhim, in front of the ifiaoly manner a t nded, " You a r e Potter thoa said, snt of what Pryorrie. And for these It is alleged a t >wasseataftera r a dozen Demo- jr's colleague wasressed that Potter this be so, then, kerted fact that nosrthercer whom >ndtohiscalLIt a;or of Boger A.whether theoff- acy, or the mere .r:whosentthe fctempt to bullysgrace, every E e - ea-sdeterminedto House.Andmostcrushed by the fcer.K but one opinion; sen seeking a fight a* had a n oppor- £ r m » i , a n d u n d e r"code," and h eoneoftherecog-. kxiyisauthorized coward." Itisinattempt to creep He small crevice of the weapon*, n. Knives a r e aueliog weapon, in rppi Valley. W o Virginia. Potts* jseippi River, a n d construed inYir- ;bat river.the weapons, ex? ince t o both pari' ©cured, a really it the veriest pol- ayingwhai Pryer ! Potter with an$ a of the Boose c£. :ged Potter w i & iosiance that the i would not staod >uld make him eat ;told hy practiced font groundforaVh&t demanding id t o b e ofiensivi lmonstothefiego, a n d promp privilege of choos eature,afterpro ;baposition, amj anuendoes, woa&I fight his foe: witi} ;could be broughtijoonsof fiecedej- adaintyassassTu|j his fingers h « ^ ie has no srtosiwf result in his heaafrCoL Lander, trictlywittia|Mion that th*3aT°4 ad, through &*»*'I - •%••The Democratic caucus syrtem, as managed by New-Orleans that, in consequence of the seizure ofthe corrupt and selfish pdl&jlw» who constitute. the Marin steamers, a decree had been issued ban- .the. majority of the members, and by whom th^ ishing American citizens, aiid confiscating theirALBANY, April 15,1860—11 p. m.RUMORS.the city ever since. Twenty thousand dollars has been appropriated from the city treasury to provide for them suitableentertainment. AlltheCorp6ration officers,Bacon firmer, without much activity. Butter declined; bestEastern 22$c Sugars dull a n d declining; best ChinaS'HSia.;Eastern crushed 15J«. Coffee firm; Rio 18c, Java Wtf&Zlc quiet, intelligent gentleman^ that does not necessarily Foreign Brendies doing better, with considerable sales Do-mestic Spirits drooping; New-York brands 45®46c. Whisky•i8V,1SIiwill adjourn, and when ii wont, as to vetoes, railroad Jionest minority is rendered powerless, and in fact tolls, &c. I t is rumored that the Governor has vetoesaens generally have paid theirrespecls in person,and'••jt iff-m mI_property. Xi is stated, however, that great excite-employed to give a color of respectability to pro- ment prevailed,, and that a declaration of war w as prepared for the Albany & Sosquehannah Railroad ap- the strangers at the largest bail in the city, where theceedings which they do not approve, tends at theBame time to deprive the body of the people of theirdue influence, and the President so selected of hisproper independence a n d t h e freedom o f actionessentialtothedischarge ofhisofficialduties. In newmarchuponMexico,forwhichpurposeit wasthe foimation of conventions, public sentiment is not regarded nor expressed; b u t cliques and man- agement and chicanery are resorted to as substi- tute* for it. Instead of giving expression to the" The Powhatan, on the day of her arrival, went to Mary Island Navy Yard, all the embassadors remain- bills that have been, vetoed and.are expected to be ve- ing on board. I t will require several days to over- toed, will have sufficient vitality by a union of inter- haul the steamer and take in coal, when she will sailfrom Alexandria.Sailed March 23, ship Hindostan for Puget's Sound, and thon<jeis bound to Valparaiso; 29th, ship Ovade for Hong Kong; 30th, •Eagle Wing for New-York-Sailed April 2. ships Expounder for Callao; 3d, Ganges and Atlas for Mazatlan; Ocean Telegraph and- Harvey Bkstings, for Callao.Sailed from Tahiti Jan. 4, ship Modern Times for New-York; 6th, whaleship Massachusetts for homo; 9th, whaleship ,Splen- did for home; 16th, whalexhip Warren for home; 19th, whale- ship J ullen for the North-GREAT REJOICINGS A T T H E SUCCESS O F THE PONY EXPRESS.ST. JOSEPH, April 14, 1860. A spirited demonstration was made here last night intalked of. The defeat of the attack on Vera Cruz is ascribed to that capture, the supplies upon which Miramon relied being on board those vessels.were-again concentrating. But i t does not appear that the power of the Church party had been mate- rially shaken. They still held the cities of Guada-Legislature will not adjourn till the city railroads are signed or vetoed, and that if vetoed they, with otherJAMES T . BRAJDYi E.H.GBANDIN,C.A. SEWARD.popularwill,whichtheypretendtobetheirobject, lajara andSanLuisPotosi,andnoprogresshad esttogothroughoverthevetoes. Onecurrentrumor forPanama. Theembassadorswillthenceproceedto )oth the deeign and effect of these conventions, as yet been made by the Constitutionalists in their at- is to the effect that the LegL-lature will take a recer* Aspinwall, where the United States steamer RoanokeMARINE AFFAIRS.ftrth, containing in ambiguous language stetaments Vera Cruz, and that city is recovering from the ef- to consider the bills now before him. The farmers in They are.so well pleased with the Powhatan that rabject to different constructions in different parts the Legislature are very anxious to be at their plows, they express their wish to have her detained at Pana-fects of the late bombardment, which occasioned and I think it doubtful if they can be kept together ma to convey them back to Japan on their returnThe schooner Kensington of Charleston, Ci»pt. Ssbert,, from Nuevitas, arrived at this port yesterday with* Capt. Baker, the mate, the steward and his wife and'I»ftheXJoicn,andcalculatedtodeceive,andallmuchlessdamagethanwasatfirstreported. afterTuesdaynext.fromtheUnitedSfcatea.Theypurposespendingabout a month-on the Atlantic side, although their time is not limited. "honorofthepromptarrivalofthefirstponyexpress child,oftheschoonerGrandillaofBoston,founderedat from San Francisco. T h e city was illuminated, t h e sea, Capt. Sebert reports:citizens paraded the streets with bands of music, fire- April 5, lat. 25°, long. 776 407, spoke brig John Chrys-works were set off. speeches were made appropriate to tal, Capt. Upton, hence for Indianola, who transferred to> tbe occasion, and the best feeling was manifested by us Capt. Baker, S. Baker, 1st officer, Mr. Wixon^ stew-.who will not submit to this dictation are pro-scribed a s heterodox, and sent out of the party. "I Thus the people find themselves stripped of their 4»o*t valuable political privileges, and reduced t oThere is hardly a lingering hope remaining that t h e THE LA TEST NEWS, Legislature will agree on a Toll bill, and there is dangerWASHINGTON, Saturday. April 14,1860.Although the weather has been aaprecedenfedly sc*-by this time been so informed.Mr. Stockton, Chaplain of the House, the President,The Powhatan arrived at Honolulu March 5, and from regular dealers. The country trade has run bare, and i calling for supplies to meet the consumption. Heavy rains have remainedtheretillthe18th. TheEmbassadorswere fallenwithintheweek,whichmustagainobstructtralnaforathat it will adjourn -without making provision to meet The Board of Supervisors sent a memorial up to RECETVED BIT the liabilities of the State for interest on the canal dobt, the Legislature te-day, asking an appropriation of &c Theactaalreadypaeeedprovideforataxof2£ $20,000*tobeexpendedinentertainingtheJapanese.•"•essnaturalized American citizens in the army of that here and St. Louis, the reports were delayed until tvusmorning. , ."- Asanumber of the opposition will pair off with ligence:" during the present session."column of the same number of The Herald, in which that journal exultantly relies on the influence of the " almightly dollar"—" their greatest and mostBythePowhatanadvicesfromJapanarereceived" rational, and educated clergyman," and his speech as a "masterly^' one—" a better defense of theWASHINGTON, April 15,1860.public business.David A.Burr, whohasrecentlyreturned fromthe 27th of March from Japan, via Honolulu. She bringstheJapanese embassy,consisting oftwo prin-everybody.The laet hundred miles of the route were made in eighthours,amdthecourierstatesthatovenbetter time h a d been made over other portions of the road. We are not advised -where the express which left here on the 3d inst. met this one coming this way.The next express will leave nere Tuesday next, April20,at9o'clockinthemorning.nor even of a party, but only of a clique of a party.iAnd this deprivation o f political independence e x -tends not < nly to the successful candidate, it exer-cises its powerful iisfiaence over all who aspire to the effect that Mr. Pryor had disclaimed his sec- who are the persons who have prevented the paseage The Japanese steam corvette Cahdinamarruh has nearly all its contents. Loss about $10,000; insured vessel afloat, I concluded to abandon her, ana wasJ>e the mere puppets of a f«?w designing politicians. 'MAGNETIC TULEGRAPHc mills to the dollar, and unless a Toll bill shall be passed embaesjs*.ard, wife and child, of the schooner Granadilla of Bos- ton,whichvesselwasinasinkingcondition,andtho crew taken oflby the John Cbrystal."Capt. Baker reports:At the same time, th e candidate thus nominated 5s equally deprived of his individuality and his inde- pendence. HeiithePresident,notofthenation,The attaches of the Powhatan are ordered on board afurthertaxof12mill,makingthetotaltaxfour onthe5thinst.,andthesteamerisexpectedtosailforFrom Washington. SpecialDispatchtoTheN.Y.Trloune.milis.There is a strong disposition in the Assembly not toPanamawiththeCommissionersaboutthattime.- The Powhatan arrived up from Mare Island to-day, and a great military demonbtration was taking placelessledtothearrestofMr.Potteryesterdaymorn-ing. Mr.Pryorhasnotbeenheldtobail,anddoesnot intend t o put himself immediately within reachof the authorities. Ho was in the city, at the Kirk- ing of a Committee to investigate the affairs, of theWm.B.Garrisonandothers arenegotiating foralineofpropellerstoJapan. Mr.Garrison goes East eastwind. day,at5o'clockp.m.in July. FOR EUROPE.* wlose corruptions must be cloaked, and who must wood House, o n Friday night, in company with Central Park, was passed last night." b« r e t a i n e d i n o f f i c e , t o s a v e t h e p a r t y t h e o d i u m o f M e s s r s . M i l e s a n d K e i t t . T h e S e n a t e a l e o a d o p t e d t h e A s s e m b l y s u b e t i t f l j e f o reeed-oil, 300 bundles sea weed, 200 bundles cuttle fish, 1,300 pieces of plank, and a miscellaneous cargo of Japanese products-T ih e s t e a m e r G o l d e n A g e l e a v e s o n t h e 5 t h o f A p r i l , and will take 400 passengers.The Ovade,for Hong Koafr, takes considerable flour, 200,000feetoflumber,and$350,000ingoldandsilver. The Eafc-le Wing, for New-York, takes 10,000 hides,70balesofwool,60casksofCalifornia wine,and otberdomefcticproducts. . .The Legislature will adjourn April 24.The Andrew Jackson arrived on the 24th ult., 98 davs from New-York.The news from the Washoe mines is about as here- tofore reported. Emigration thither is increasing.The foreign summary of the news was sent by mail, via the Bmterheld route, on the 30th ult.The amount of gold bullion deposited in the mint last week w as 2,994 ounces;., and of silver bullion, theamountwas7,000ounces;audtheamountof money coined was $236,000, mostly in double eagles.To the Editor qf The N. Y. Tribune.left this port on Saturday for Southampton a n d Havre • with 197 passengers and $605,000 in speci-e The Brit- i s h s t e a m e r K a n g a r o o , C a p t . B r o o k s , s a i l e d a t t h «**' ecpoeure." Whereas, the nominee of the Charles-Mr. Potter had arranged a fortnight ago to go the Bankrupt bill.Sin: In reply to the article headed "McDonald theM u r d e r e r , " i n y o u r i s s u e o f l a s t W e d n e s d a y , w h i c hhas just come under our observation, we ask leave, in same time for Liverpool, via Queenstown, with 35-tcrConvention,wouldbeexpectedtoindorsethe homethisweek,butwillremaininconsequenceofThere will be a fight in the Assembly against theordertoprevent,misapprehension,tosubmitthefol- lowing statement:cabin passengers and i50 in the steerage. She take* out $50,000 in specie. The Hamburg mail steamsr Ba- varia,Capt.Hcneeu,alsoleftforSouthampton,Havre andHamburg,with185passengers.VESSEL ON FIRE.The British bark Jane Prances, lying in the North River, and bound to Kingston, Jam., was, on Satur-i<iIheesies o f each a n d every faction composing i t , these reports. His friends do not propose t o pub- Commissioners of Records appropriation in the city tax levyaspassedbytheSenate,anditisdoubtfalifthe1.Thecaptionofthearticleisunjust.sumes McDonald to bo innocent until his guilt is proved.•»ii a hordeofmen whohave been strivingfor lishthecorrespondencenow,asthemain facts are Governorwill sign thebill unless theitemshallbe yars t o denationalize the Democrati 3 party, until understood by the public. They are, however, per- stricken out.Thelawpre-Others i-ustain his course throughout, b u t obvious-the Charleston Convention, and meet and settle up the 30th. *business before the Chicago Convention. The bark Glimpse, with a cargo valued at $200,000,it will be necessary to meet the State liabilities to levy"The schooner Grandilla of Boston sailed h»nce on. the 21at inst.. with a general cargo, boaad to New-Or- leans. Onthe22d,inlat.37°,Ion.73°,encountereda violent gale frost t b e north-west, during which t h o schooner sprung a leak. On ihe 22d, a t A\ o'clock p .W A S H I N G T O N , April 15, 1860.of proper measures for increasing the revenue without been in the Dry Dock at Mare Island Navy Yard a n d for -#3,400, T h e fire originated in a bakery in th e the Presidential office. The resultris, that the bold ond's action in rejecting Mr. Potter's terms, and been put in complete order free of charge, Commodore building.THE PRYOR AND POTTER QUARREL, ilevy this last tax, but to adjourn a n d g o home, afterThe city is still agitated with various rumors to- having presented an address to the people, showing when the messenger left.m., the brig John Cbrystal, dipt. Upton, hence for In- A fire last night destroyed Eastnam's Block, with dianola, came op. Finding it impossible to keep thespirit which once characterized our statesmen, is had addressed Mr. Potter another note, offering to resort to burdensome taxation. But rather than have Cunningham explaining that while he had no actual corrupted. Politiciansnolongertaketheleadin.accepthisproposition,whichwasnotdelivered theStategotoprotest,itissaidthattheGovernorwill authoritytorenderthisaccommodation,hefeltsurehe•taken off by the brig. There were eightof ua on board, all of whom were rescned. A t the time of leaving there were 24inches of water in the hold, and blowioir- heavywithsnowsqualls.April5th,lat.25°.Ion.77**\ the path of progress and enterprise. Surrounded under the advice of Mr. Pryor's friends to whom was but carrying out the instructions of his Govern- The Utica Asylum Investigation Committee will re- ment in doing for the Japanese steamer all that he"bytheminionsofaparty,tiedtoameaningless themessagewasallegedtohavebeencommuni- portto-morrow.Theyhavefailedtofindanything coulddoforanAmericanman-of-war.NORFOLK, April 15,1860. Capt. Sebert, bound from Nuevitas, who kindly re- An inspection of the United States ship Germantown ceived mveelf, the first officer (Mr. Baker), tho Htcw- tookplaceyesterday.Theevolutionandexercisesof ard(Mr.Wixcn),wifeandchildonboardandbroughtplatform, compelled to consult the wishes of a fac- cated. Another is that Mr. Pryor had signified his decisive^as to where the patient received his injuries asThe Legislature is occupied in considering the San the crew weie highly satisfactory.us to this port." TheGrandilla5*228tuns,ratesA2,wasbuiltin.Harpswellin1855,aridisownedbyMr.Dolandof Boston, Capt. Baker and others. She ia partly insureds YACHTLAUNCH.Ingereolltheboatbuilderwilllaunchayachtof13£tionratherthanthegoodofthenation, thePresi- dent,withNailtheauthorityconferreduponhimby the letter or the Constitution, is reduced to a merepuppetinthehandsofthosewhom&dehim. *'What independentman," theGeneral indig lantlyasks, "would besuchaPreeideni? With* the Constitution for his guide, h e should be tram-willingnesstomeetMr.Potterincommoncombat, withsucharmsaseithermightchoose,outsidethe frequented walks.theemployeesoftheAsylumare8aidtohavetestified differentlyfromtheirstatementstotheCoroner'sJury. The Counsel for the Asylum who appeared before the Committeemanagedtorule'outthetestimonytaken beforetheCoronerontechnicalpoints. IunderstandFranciscoBulkheadbill. Thecontestisexciting,pro- portionatetotheinterestsinvolved. Theresultis doubtful.The State Capital seems permanently located at Sac- ramento,$100,000havingbeenappropriatedforthe commencementofacapitolbuilding,whichistocost, whencomplete,$500,000.TheDismalSwampisonlire,andtheflamesare ragingwithmuchviolence.—— • . . ••The Weatner a t Halifax.HALIFAX,Saturday,April14,1860. WindN.E,lightandoioudyallthemorning,withTheserumorshaveasyetnofoundationinfact,whateverpurposemaybeentertained. Theydoubt• theevidenceshowsawaBtofinterestonthepartofsnowfrom12to3o'clock. Thermometer42°at4p. tonsfromthefootofRutgersstreet,Eastliivcr,tbia m. AuroralastnightfromN.E.toN.W.,withstrongbvthepeopleoftheValley,andaswehavehadbuta ineonthepartoftbepeople,end«opi««oftheiaterrogetorte* A B B i T A I < < > F T H E JAPANESE EMBASSY. semimonthly mail during the past Winter, the prospect he propone* to propound to tbem re«p«cttrely, and to tne dl«»etExpress arrived here at 4 o'clock yes?*rday afternoon, i dajs from St. Joseph to San Frant^co, by telegraphic I dispatches.SpeakerPennington,andothermembersofCongress,being among his numerous auditors to-day, was so there received with all formal honors. Private hospi- few days.. Boots and Shoes are much depressed AdamantineThepostagebetweentheUnitedStatesandtheappropriateterms. Theywerealsoentertainedata GunnyBagtimproTedto14c. MaltLiquorswithoutimprove- hisconstantly^ccumulotingofficialduties.Grand Duchy of Luxemberg, by the Bremen mail, has grand ball given by the officers of the Powhatan, ex- ment Molaanes and Sirups are losing their late buoyancy; 4. The remainder of your article is calculated to" number, continually growing larger, consider i t been reduced from 22 to 15 cente, prepayment optional, pressing great delight at the gay and novel scene. Fast Botton sells at 20c.; larger.packages are much lower. Nails excite public sympathy for the two girls v^ho are de-" as a venial sin, a sort of necessary evil; while " some go still further, and justify the institution " on moral and political grounds." In remarkingas it dees, in its first article, that it is Mr. Kettell, andmenofthesamestamp, whocanalone save " religion" from utter destruction, it must be the worship of the almighty dollar t o which that journalso that the uniform rate of the latter amount is now are heavy at 3Jc. Naval btoros inactive and nominal. Oilschargeable on all letters conveyed in the Bremen mail They bring $100,000 to defray their personal ex- quiet; l.COObbl* have come in, which need transhipment for a tained as witnesses in the House of Detention, andmarket. A large lot of Bane Seed Oil from Japan will need a who, we are informed, " have had comtant employ- between the United States and the States belonging to penses, although the. embassy is invited at the sole similar disposition. Linseed, Lard, and China Oils are dull and " ment furrished them, during a loag Whrter, by athe German and Austrian Postal Union. . . . •The Pryor and Potter B>Iffficulty.WASHINGTON, Saturday, April 14,1860.- Mrt Potter has been arrested and given a bond ofexpense of the United States. They were giventhe enchanged. Olive Oil still rules hither. Provisions are gaining '' sewing-n:a'jbine.'' firmtess. Bacon 12£ 'S/'i^c. for best brands. NewButterisnot to fight a duel. The officers are in search of Mr* Pryor, who will be similarly bound.•withgreatdignityandpropriety.The Japanese Embassadors visitad San Francisco onnext day.including many boxes of presents to the United States ship Jean Bart, from Bordeaux; 30th, steamer Champion, from Arrived March 31, brig Crimea, from Coronel; ship Gladiator,.*'''.showin what condition hismind waswlientheun- fortunate Virginia Stewart was shot; nor i»n you o r the public possibly form a correct judgment as to tho nature or degree of responsibility devolving • o a McDonald, because of the poor girl's melancholy fato^ until the evidence, which we have in good faith -acd diJgently undertaken to obtain, shall have been pro- cured. McDonald and his counsel are and lor-g hav» been anxious that he should be tried, and we are ne* fearful of the consequences to result when Iiis case- comes to be considered by an impartial jury. Bat W* are apprehensive of editerial articles in journals oC hdluence,tendingtothepre-j'udgmentofhis-case,and we deem it our right to ask that no more- should b&presented in your columns.Very respectfully yonri,best quarters on board the Powhatan during the voy- age,andarrivedingoodhealthandhighlypleased.The chief dignataries are magnificently dressed inslow; sales of the bast, via the Isthmus, at 271c., though many holdersdemand8<;c BrinedHams12c. Lardlessfirm;J H. k.Co's,bythe50cases,canbeboughtat15Jo. Porkinsteady inquiry: Extra clear 4*215,and $11 for Mess, 8>i8 50 for Prime, and $15 50for Foreign. Raw 8ugar« drooping; No. 1China dull,Their detention was not asked for by MoDtwald, and isamatteroverwhichheh»dnocontrol. Ifithad beeninourpowertotecuretheliberationoftb«girls,other manner consistently with a d u e regard f o r t h e rights of our client, we would have been ver}* happy to assist in setting them at liberty. W<j» rejRpot, in every view of the case, that they na^o b*en £**• long incarcerated. But this is in no degree our faohWYou say that McDonald "never betrays any of those " evidences of insanity set forth by his conusor." If McDonald be now perfectly sane, and behaves Mke aembroidered silk robes, each wearing a sword of beau- at 8$c.; Domestic better maintained; sales of New-Orleanaat five thousand dollars to keep the peace, and especially tiful workmanship. They have conducted1 themselves 13c, and choice Muscovado at 12c. Foreign Brandies in specu-by admitting their testimony to be correct, o* in any 1¥£The city is full of rumors as to when the Legislature the members of the Legislature, the Governor and citi- 40-®42Jc. Alcohol 7 5 c ITrencb Wines lower. Flour declined25c. ty bbl. All kind* of Domestic Produce dull. Money for the steamer of the 5th easier; quotations at 2 fy cent on good names or merchandise collateral.SHIPPING NEWS.SAN FRANCrsco, April 3,1860.propriation, and'three city railroad bills. Other ac- United States officers, both civil and military, with the Since the departure of the Overland Mail of the 26th ult, thecounts are that he has not, and will not veto any of foreign consuls and State authorities, participated in following vesHels have arrived:Arrived March 26, barks Rival, from Baltimore, a n d Trusco,these bills, but keep them to die natural deaths, in the the reception ceremonies. from Sydney; 27th, steamer Golden Age, from Panama; 29th, U .event that the Legislature should adjourn to-morrow or The Japanese carry an immense amount of baggage, S. steamer Powhatan, from Japan; 30th, bark Rover, from Japan; 31»t, ship Sierra lNevada 97 days from Boston; FrenchMeanwhile, there are reports a t V era Cruz o f areported that the troops of the Northern Provinces On the other band, it is confidently expected that the Government, ''.,.'on the 2d instant a grand public reception was givencallanextrasession. W,wasspokenbyschoonerKensingtonofCnarleston;Dr.Gray,andthattheattendantsofthe Asylumhave been selected without reference to their fitness.We wish in this connection, to spaak of the insinua- tion that by. means of money McDonald h a s been en- veaon of any Convention, should call him to i t followed up by a peremptory challenge, he w as the Senate and Assembly to introduce a joint resolu- The steamer Brother Jonathan arrived on the 3d, abled, thus far, to postpone his trial. We cannot un-tha office, provided the people, without the inter-I n 1a5 case, h e intimates that a protectorate over bound t o accept a n y weapon that, was proposed.ALBANY, April 15,1860. It has been agreed-on by a number of members of3fe:co and the construction of a Pacific Sailroadwool be the leading objects of his administration. ly against the current of opinion.as to give an opportunity to the Democrats to attend Territory to the 29th, and British Columbia to thetions a n ived last night. . M r . Douglas's partisans kiU the City Railroad bills, by leaving them unsigned American and British troops.voluntary contributions of a lew personal friends in three men suddenly arrested hi* farther pro(poas_are most active and noisy here, but will be less so at ChaiJeston. Theyhave not full swing, however, for Ike Cook openly offers to wager that he will not carry Illinois if nominated. Caleb Cushing de- cline'sgoing to Charlestonas a delegate,andhasafter the Legislature has finally adjourned.Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.It was estimated that 3,000 white men and 2,000 Chinamen were engaged in mining on the Fraser River.The mining accounts from there are encouraging, and n e w diggings have been discovered in various places.ThenewsfromOregonandWashingtonTerritoryis quite unimportant.Mobile.3. After giving your version of the occurrence, andstating the commitment of McDonald and tbe placmg in the Houpe of Detention of the.two girls who were witnesses of the transaction, you say:* After some weeks bad elapaod, during which time the young girls had remained close prisoners, McDonald waa hronght un for trial. The testimony of the girls was tsken; they were examined and cross-examined by counsel until ovorythingthey knew of the case had been elicited from them a n d b«>eu committed to papor. The de/enae raised the plea of in«anity, and McDonald's ootms«l rt quested t he privilege of sending a commission t o Mobile a n d to California, for the purpose of obtaining evl ienoe of their oU- ont'a derangement ofmlnd. Aa McDonald was possessed of con- siderable means,.and waa fortunate enough to bo surrounded oyinfluential friends.' the roquest was granted a i d th e commission appointed."One of the men seized his arms a n d t h e others were about rifling his pockets when the approach of some* citizens frightened them, and the three escaped. Subse- quently the girls were arrested by Ofltcer Crosby, and one of the men named Thos. Flyxua, all of w h o a wei^k positively identified b y Sully. T h e accusedCOLUMBUS, Friday, April 13, 1860. The damage to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad is not of a serious character. All is in good order be- tween Newark andBellair. Theportionthatwas obstructed by the flood is between Columbus and New- notifiedhissubstitutetoact.Therewasamove- ark. Alargeforceisatworkthere,andallwillbelocked up in the Eighth Ward Stati-Ma-House.w e »ment on foot to make him permanent Presidentrepaired so that trains can pass over the entire line to-INTERESTINGN E W SPROM CARSONV ALLEY .A MEANTJu ConstitutionDISCRIIOTNA TION.meanly reflects upon Mr. C o r -morrow(Saturday.), o ,MISSIONARY MEETING.—Last evening a aBissiouary meeting was held in Calvary Church, coraejr of Fourth Avenue and Twenty-first street, the Right Reverend H. C. Lay, Missionary Bishop of tbe South West, pre-caused tk present suit to be instituted, in hopes by a deci*io&& Lemmonrs favor to establish the prin- ciple thak Southern slaveholder ha* t h e right t o hold ftlave in this State if brought here not for thepurpose©^remaininghere,butofpassingontoan-otherSlavState. TheSupreme Courtfirst,and Washington andNew-York, so that unlessthe plentyforall landings below. Nodamage hasre- ssoonasconveyancecanbehad. Theoresentyields now this Cart of Appeals has denied any suci right. principal Presses unite in some common arrange sulteu te Jhe Baltimore and Ohio Road, on traok or rom §2,000 to $2,500 per tun. Discoveries of goldTON.Telegraphic facilities between Charleston and••• • •JLarge Rise o n the Ohio River .uirla were then examined by him, but were not croaa-examiwed. Then McDonald waa committed to awaitthe action of a Giand Jury, and the tw o girls werecommittedtotheHoneeofDetention. TheGrandJuryindictedhimattheAuguHtTermoftheSftPsions.185y, andhewa* immediately arraigned, and pleadedriot guilty. Hia indictment was Oien remitted to the STAHBXD.—Last night Don Stonini, an Ital'tau,w aTROY, April 15, 1860.extravagwt^infavorofSlaverynottobeexpected Mr.Toombsreturnedto-pightfromGeorgia.He Troy,destroyingN.L.Dana'sooopershop,awagon tionwillbe50,000. Societyisverybad. Thereare1>*. fiasco he Dred Scott case t&ere is hardly anyTHE NOMINATION.cratie P/o-£&very candidate, we shall expect to see•Douglas at Charleston.Arba Read, steam-fire engine of this city, prevented Freights from California are very high. Flour is ev«n a more destructive conflagration.picking the pocket of Miohael >iauth, ia oae of tha. " Aud it ll further ordered that within six days after the entry Sixth-avenue cais. He wati locked up.CARSON CITY, April 4, 1860. The excitement in regard to, th e silver and gold mines in this region is unabated. Hundreds are pour- BUFFALO, Saturday, April 14, 1860. ing in from all parts of California. Scarcely a com- The dispatch in the New-York papers, dated Buffalo, pany who are prospecting have failed in striking rich11th, in regaad to navigation, is an error. Two pro- ore where they anticipated to find it. Tne mineral pellershavemadeanattempttoleave,buthavenot regionextendsforonehundredmilesineverydirec-yet been out of sight. They can neither go further nor tion, and rich discoveries have been made over one hundredmilesuptheHumboldt. TheSpanishclaims,get back. The ice is firmly anchored, and the pros- cituated where the mineB were first opened, were pect of navigation opening is but little better thaa in yielding $20,000 per day. Ground is changing handsat from $100 to $200 per foot.The Meno Lake and Walker River country is rich inbridges, by the recent freshet. Freight and passage bearing quartz are being made every day. Machineryminerals. Hundreds a r e prospecting in that region, nd generally with good success. Ore is now being here are only about one-eighth of those between The Ohio River at this point, 200 miles below Pitts- hipped to San.Prancisco for smelting. Five dirlerent burgh,istwentyfeetdeep,andatastand. Boatsare ompanieBaremakingarrangementstoshiptheiroreficulties under which the rniniaiers there engaged la- bored. At the close of the services a largo ollecuoiv. inaidofthecausewastakenup.PETERSBURG, Va., Saturday, April 14,1860.iicxuwiing,smelting,&c. Townpropertyindifferent ocalitiea ranges high. Many lire-proof buildings are raider construction. The population i8increasing very On Saturday night a large fire occurred in West fast, and it iBthought that in two months the popula-Fire i n West Troy.NEWS FROM OREGON, WASHINGTON,' AND BRITISH COLUMBIA.tion to-morrow to adjourn over until early in May, so with Oregon dateB to the 26th ult., from Washington derstand why this insinuation was made. T b e truthis McDonald had, and has, no money, and could n o t have purchased delay if it had been for sale. Prior to his commitment he was. in the receipt of a salary asThe resolution will be coupled with the provision was wrecked near Victoria on the 15th of March. The clerk. That salary terminated in the Spring of 1859, thatnonewbusinessistobeinitiated,theobjectbeing vesselwasinsuredfor$16,000,andthecargofor andbyJulyitsaccumulationshaallbeenexpended. $10,000...•.'•' Since July he has been in prison, and has been sup-<feverydescriptionisonitswayhereforthe purpose Oyerand.Terminer, andthetrirj80tdownforthe1stMondayinOctober,1859. Onthatday,hiscounsel applied for commissions to e/xamino certain witnesses in Mobile^ New-Orleans, ftud several cities in the Middle States. N o previous opportunity had been aftbrtfedformakingsuchApplication. Theorderwas made on the 17th of October, 1859, cranting such com- missions. The most material part of that order was in these words:stabbed over the right eye by a knife in the 'jiaads of a ruffianinCenterstreet. Thewomjd,whi'jh\«avery ugly one, was dressed by a doctor, at thi».Sixth Ward Station-House. No arrest.John Edwards was caught last night ia the act ofInteWogatorf** on tbe part of the people, the prf*oner*« OOtrwe* ofaquickcommunicationwithfriendsintheEastis •ballhavetenday*toprepareand«orre cro*Moterro«tort««, andibatthetrial'ofthiacaaw beportpotied antil the SSvt U*a~ The telegraph line is now complete to Miller's Sta- d«r of Deo-mber next. A nd it & farther «rdend that 1/ the\*rn-ipostponement of the trial of tbia indict^nent.",In compliance with this order, (he counsel for theprisoner served their direct interrogatories on the 24thday of October, 1859, on the Diptriet-Attorney. To* vere during the past Winter, the road over the Sierra this day the District-Attorney has not served the cross NevadaMountainshasbeen'openfortraveltheentireJ''utenogstories. Hehasbeenrepeatedlysolicited,aeason. f ^ h verbally and by letter, to serve tbom-, and hasas It is hoped that Congress will /rive this* sountrr a I afie^y promised to serve tbem just as soon as bis othertendays,andonouragain,andfenthel&hof March, applyingforinformation, wev/ereadvisedthat;they would be served as scon as possible.Tbeydidnot,come,buttheconrmencemontofttfc are nobles of nearly equal rank. These four are of rpeculative operations which have characterized bu*io««* since April term did. We attended it, and askedth© Distnotthe Emperor's Council.suite of sixteen officers.preters and fifty-two subordinates—making seventy-They are accompanied by a Among them are three inter-;yeAttorney when he would movethe triW. He answered that it wonld not bo moved until the cross-interrogato- ries were •prepared, and that they,woulJ net be pre- pared urn ii h©had time to prepare them. Tins was aU • the promise or information that wa* given- to us. and we nave now no knowledge when the trAal will be brought on. . , ,Inviewoftheforegoingfacts,yo»r"g/aringin- stanceOfthetardinesswith-whichjusticeisntetedout "to criminals who chance to be- poseexaedof money,' b e -Tbe Wafchoe-mines excitement « still influencing ._e oountry. •Fire in Vimcennes, Ind.VINCENNES, Ind.. April 15, 1860.Naval.tfceThis statement is entirely incorrect. McDonald hasneverbeenputuponhistrial.Hehasneveryetpre- siding.Aftertheusualeveningservices,address**• % Ncio-York, April 10,1860.B83 IMMt^Mawww.fultonhistory.com, ^^,^^^o^?-r^rw^^ »?*:«r*fe«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York* W ^ . * k " ^ * w ^13w^ir^^^.iff^ijJiSi^HitSei^^i&k11069..i^arVW 'y,.'.-,t^^^^?,^"^^*"^^^ ^ ,",^.,,^."...^?^ '" •"••'.'."'Iliw^ftyypy Z&&z&%P^^'• 