 t„• JamThe Hon. F. W. KELLOGG, Micb., wiD Bpeak100400SCO d/>600 ao.'...'.,.,. ,, 100 CO............ 650 Harlem Rsilroavi"..60 Reading RaiJroa*:..I» 1JAKESAt Rochester....; At Clyde...••At Syracuse.AtWateitownAS Cooperstown..., At KlnderhoK- k..Thursday, Oct. 18. ..Friday, Oct. 19..Monday, Oct 22.•Tu-'siav, Oct 23. ..Thursday, Oct 25. ..Friday, Oct 26.The procession then moved down to the Temple of Liberty.The Wigwam was crowded at a very early hour by one of the finest audiences I have ever seen collected within its walls. The throngs in the galleries and on the platform'kept steadily increasing like a Pennsylva- nia majority, filling the spacious,building with a flood of well bred enthusiasm, and demonstrating most clear- ly the compressible capabilities of crinoline. Every face was beaming, every hand was seeking another inparade st Unionville a few evenings since. The Hon. binds the members of the order never to vote for, or C. H. Van Wyck was speaker on the occasion. Tii*support a Catholic, or a man whose wife is a member is doing pretty well for old Minisink, considering that of that Church, for any office. This I could not sub- she is the stronghold of Democracy."BBobert P . King, -Henry Bmnm,KobertM. Foust, . Kathan HiHes,John M. Broomall, James W. Fuller,L-eri B. Smith, Francis W. Christ, David Mamma, jr.,David Taggart, Thomas B- Hall,DELAWARE.JOHN R. LATIMER, JAMES GREEN,,.GeorgeR.Fisher. MARYLAND.esq., cf New-York City, and T. B. Harrington, esq., the Chairmanj- who forcibly represented to his Demo- cratic and American neighbors the position of the Republican party on the great ifsues now before the country. Westchester village, hitherto one of our oppo-nents' strongholds, is wide-awake and will givea goodBen Edwards, his words blistered like cauterizing.?AtNew-YorkAtFluahing........• Monday, Oct 22. .......Wednesday, Oct 24.After the Glee Club had given two of their songs with evenmore than their usual spirit and feeling, the vast audknee grew impatient of silence, and anxious to have something to applaud, called vociferously for Judge Log8n, who sat upon the platform. The Jadge, wiihthe old fire of 1840 beaming in his words and maxner, delighted the audience lor.several minutes with an earnest ar d impassioned speech of congratula- tion. He alluded to the pledges of Indiana and Penn- sylvania in the Chicago Convention, and called upon Illinois to witness how nobly they had been redeemed. He contrasted, in words of eloquent invective the pres- ent deplorable condition of Mr. Douglas with his atti-tude of insolent triumph when he hurled across the floor of the Senate the arrogant menace, " We will sub- due you 1"100 110 ,50 \ SOdoio.JtEPTJBXJCCAN JVrPrttwfc^..NOMTNT A TOONS.ABRAHAM XJQfCeXJY. KANNKRAJC*MULTJXE*.• 'JfcrVic€rPrc*idcn£JOB. PRESIDENTIALTheHon.F.P.STANTONofKansas,and the Hon. WIM-'AMA.HOWARDofMlchi«au,willspeak,—AcorrespondentwritesasfollowsfromLambert* ville, N. J., under date of Oct. 16:New-York: '* .4X Largt:W I L U A J i CL BRY ANT,At Deposit AtBainbiidge At Nw^i'-I.-• At Monlsvill*.... AtHrj»er...... At Biiigbamton.Thursday, Oct. 18. * Friday, Oct. M».SitorJay, Oct. 20. Mpndty, Oct 2i....fues^y, Ocu 2X , Wednesday, Oct 24.-.euvtojt of these beneficient principles.3. In reference to the charge of Know-NothiogUm,secretly circulated among the adopted citizens of Ger-man i-nd Irish birth of the H i d Oongresei/inal District,to which your letter falls attention, I desire simply tosay that I have more faith ip the general intelligenceU The greatest political demonstrationthis town was held here last flight. O ver ,700 Wide- A wakes joined in a proceeeion which passed through all the principal streets , The largest hall in the countyI.. Jowr A. XE»«.| . . S D * A I U H W . FTMCK. ». .A>n>surw GuutKUir.'4. -JA*»» XsiXT. .«..FHKD*XICX XJ.PT. 7..WAjmij»«ToxSMrTH.8.. WlxUJO« A. PAKU2T0.9.. WIXAIAJS B . R O M X T S O S .K>..G*b*oxJ£. Oxim.W..JOB»F..VBWWW.; >*.. JACOB H. TK* ETOX. 18. .N. EBOOJC SXXXIMK. J«..RO»WT8. BLSXX.33..7*rGo*<TM>ry+r LUvteno** Governor yvr CaxaiCommUtiortereV5 A f^ v *°overH..lton»E Kw«.AtRoch«*ter - At Ovid.-. AtSyracuse.... AtWnt«>town....Thursday, Oct Itf. Satard&y, Oct 20. Monday, Oct 22. .this doctrine was right, the South could never hope to gain ap*thing by fti as had already beenproven in the caso of Kansas. There, said he, you started first with yourBlueLodgesandbandsfromtheSouth. Missouri'and Arkansas, two Slave States, adjoined that Terri- tory, where! slave owners and others in favor of the inatitutioh had every advantage of time, economy and distance! in going there. On the other hand, the Free-State men, lived thousands Of miles away, on the.personal friends—-1 never was a member of tJlat and is still growing greater." _° . •*For i»*pect*r»fStateFruons.....JAMES K.B A T E S .scribe to on principle. I have always held that a man's religion ought to have nothing to do with hisA P O L H T C A T , TEXT -BOOK.—Horace Geeeley and]John F . Cleveland have compiled a political Text-BooleFor Electors of President andVice-President:oliirs. I t i s a matter for every man to settle with for 1860, which contains a large collection of ficte for Sis own conscience, and it has always seemed wrongto proscribe any man on account of his religion, be it speakers and paliacians in the pending Presideatial what it may, so long as he honestly believes in the canvass. The editors are every way competent to thaWILLIAM WILLIS,XOUM 0. Cowan, Daniel Howes, •William. McGitvery,.William M. Reed, Geo. W. Pickering, Andrew Peters.congratulation, pathetic crowd.it was a thoroughly happy and sym-iTl"Xi'nT7TliiWT"'nrTi ap i >m.***s***a**js**i•5INTELUGMCE,music by night and by day. Instead of worn-out and ccrats have heretofore been misled, and therefore it ia. widely #xtended territory, demand that the rivers and city, will speak.-A correspondent write* fro^t ih6 nneultivated^arms, its banks shall then be lined from our duty to treat them kindly. But on the other hand, } arbors ebould be improved for the benefit of com- Landing:.W e are working hard in this county; «hs willDU+rict*:Y . Co»-B,ft.....d >••••**** « * (1O7 *«••»•••'/ •OO/9 #•»•••*(•*-*17. -ABIJAB Bwnrwrwr. 18..H*:r*T CwoxdmiA. 19..JAMT* B. AX^AKH.V. 20..BJCM. N. BTntrnwoir.21..SMXKMAX D. P H» WI . 22..JOH.V J. FOOT*. J3..HIXAX DIWKT. 24..JAXKS L. VooxBXxa. 35.. WILUAX VAX MABTXB. 26..JOKX E. SXMJIT.27.'.FRA'VK L. Jo?nw. 1*..JACOBB. CAxnarnx. 28. .JAXXS S. WAMWOXTW.ELECTORS. JAMES a PUTNAM.ev*r h*Id rrj29.. KZKAM. PAXSOXS.30. .CHAXXCS C P AXXXX. 81..&U9KA S. WJUHS. 32..JOHWOxxrxxx,JX. •P AXXKX..EDWIN 1>. MORGAN.ROBERT CAMPBKLl. SAMUEL H. BARNES.;, .Tue*day,Oct23.At Ponda. «..«•«...»..«..«•'..« . Wednesday, Oct. 24.notlingshalloccurhereinIllinoiswhereourhonoris at stake—here in Sangamon County, where our candi-Americfin Council of the lidIWard, whereI reside!?—an invitation which %uniformly de-"TheRepublicansofUuionviileand'WestTo<><vn, irjMAINE.ABNER COBURN,NEW-HAMPSHIRE.JOHN SuLLTVASr, EBENEZER STEVENS,HORACE GKEELEY will speakAt BaldwinsviDe ....~i Thnnday, Oct 18.At Clyde • ...Friday, Oct 19. „The Hon. Tueo. M. POMEROY will speak:AtFairHaven,CayugaCo......Thursday, Oct.18, At Sjummer Hill, Caj uga Co.*. .Saturday, Oot. 20,1do...... , do......... COEri- Rsflroad..David- Gaiia,Nathl Tolles, Daniel Blaisdell.25 do......... 100 An ........ 100 do........The stock marks Board, and, und«r lowerpr:<eewere 2>utasbufiresspro Tailed, resulting in the d<cine.- Now. 88^, ca*h, and 88{, Eriewasiagoodd \\'Q hear of a lot cf the. Canada Mu< are expected by tu< a h o been cocsidftra the TjBcecnred bon 7 $ cent ii reporte Western shocks vie On th« favorable r ••Aeek of October/, the list was Galena the last price of I 78i-a?^j, t a imp« "waginfuenord t y ticn en paeseD-. -r xoada bed been foil der the new ecbe itlarge earnings is ax on the second weel and Quincy was m The amount of div; nnderstand that"h< tu, and that the bx a credit of nearly $ 90sttheoljee... T3jnore active; eev^n appearance, and { Mail was an except 91. Panama is s* icaiket there- wa^ E araes of the Erie, sued Wabash roads. inquired after at full*ibid'with more offeri1 Jbut steady. In GoOf 50,000 at 103.' 79|«79J; Canu Erie 39j«39f;.JB 21|«r21 ^Harlem; Hichigao Contral, Korthern Indiana,larteed, 47.'»4?i; JEf83:®84; Galena Cleveland and To and Bock Island & ion. and Quincy fia89i«89f TheForeignE*of transaction* of n 108^10$: for b FranceFreights—Coneid breadstufft at yee Which we could ac Jbrig of 200,tuns, t« $l,GO0 popchart?* •ward Ifcland, and bThe busihei» of $268,668 52—for O 085 50; Balance.The earnings 01 1 load for the moata <Pareenger*.. Fieight Suncrie*....Total.. Scptetal «TInc'rea*;The receipts oi i load the second wiFrom passengers .'..'. Froui freight, .icTotal...? Same week in 1859From powertg-; From Jreigbt, i.<;.Tcjtai-.. Increase iaThe carning?.of .1 the second week ofSecondweekb,-IS Second week in ISTncre***.We hear unoilicial and Quircy Ksih-oa secondweekof Oct porte«l a: $i-l000ia< and also a gain of J-The buMnee-? orSeptember, was:« fBsmiog*..'.., - Exper,*e«....Net EanlugiThe Illinois Cent tract to take two th< from Cairo to the Ka much larger amour* two hundred bales h jail from,that city ea low figure* as back fCairo.The track baa oexaila of the Terre lis •with the Terxe Hs form a continuous iii and the cars are aboWe learn that the. Company has obtain of Iowa for 38i.tH)0 to 120 sections more •hall have been com dared a eeni-ennual and after Nov. 1. ors of the Pittsburg roadCompanyisc« noon, at the oiheecity, as will be aee general attendance ^rill be prceemed foVERMONT. % WautAMHENRY, H.G.ROOT,Jowph Warner, Edward A. Gaboon, De Witt C. Clarke.MASSACHUSETTS.. ~[LonUrvitle JourniLGEORGK MOREY , Alfred Macy, JfameeH. Mitchell,John M. Forbes, CharlesB.Hall, Pekg W. Chandler,REUBEN A. CHAPMAN, John G. Whittier,Gerry W. Cochrane, John Nesrnith, Amaea Walker, Charles Field,At Auriesville AtNlnaville At Glen-•- .Thursday, Oct 18. Wednesday, Oct.24. • Wednesday, Oct 31.iHis remarks were interrupted by the clear strains ofihe triumphal music of the band, and the steady trampof the Wide-Awakes as they entered' the wigwam.He rose again for a moment to present to these young,body-guards of Freedom, a photograph, brought fromKentucky by Mr. Van Meter, of the cabia where thefuture President passed the days of his humble child- ggI have endeavored to briefly and frankly answer hood. Alluding to the sneer of Douglas, that Lincoln your, inquiries. Satisfied of the correctness of my posi-Charles MattoonCONNECTICUT.CHAUN. F. CLEVELAND, ROGER S. BALDWIN,.Snmnel Austin, Augustus Brandegee, Benjamin Douglas, Frederick Wood.RHODE ISLAND.THOMAS G. TURNER, LA TIMER W. BALLOU,STEW ART L. WOODFORD will speak .-Etisha Harris,WILLIAM C.BRYANT, JAMES O. PUTNAM,any other circumstances confers no honor, and certainly would have no attractions for me.John A. King, Edwards W . Fiske, Andrew Carrigan, James Kelly, Sigismund Kaufmann, Frederick Kapp, Washington Smith, WJHiam A. Darling, "William H. RobertsonGeorge M- Grier, Bafts-H. King, Jacob B. Carpenter, John F . Winslow, Jacob H. Ten Eyck, S. Edson Sheldon, Robert S. Hale,Abijah Beckwith, Henry Churchill, James R. Allaben, Benj. N. Huntington,Sherman D. Phelps, John J. Foote, • Hiram Dewey, James L. Voorhees, William Van Marter, John E. Seeley,Frank L. Jonei», James S. Wadswortb,Ezra M. Parsons, Charles C. Parker, Elisha S. Whalen,and Hainlin is now a master of very little doubt,. And she will do it by the force of the Wide-Awake organi- zation alone. This little Hartford acorn will be a vast National Oak on the 6th evening of Novembernext.The last two weeks' work has satisfied my mind(which wa» net very hopefal at first;) that we shall carry the comity.Set us down at 300 as a safe figure. This is a large estimate, if you will be governed by 1856 as a basis. Ulster, you inow, was a banner Fillmore County.that Lincoln'} election was not only certain, but was conceded by nearly all. If there had been any doubts, the resultin Pennsylvania had dispelled them entirely. He appealed to them as.citizens of Maryland to rebuke the spirit of fanaticism and disunion, and asked them if it were notJ time that they informed themselves respecting tljie issues of the day2 and proposed to act understandingly in th9 crisis which was at haiid. Be said he was aesurcd that they would carry Baltimore, .even ao the ensuing election; anddid not expect to be elected, still be thought it time for them to show their hand, by joining the patriotic and Union-loving citizens of the country, without respect to locality, in saving the country from disunion and anarchy. Although th's was a emal""beginning, yet the number present was moie than twice as great as the number who signed the first Bepublican'document put forth in St. Louis, which w*s s the beginning of a.movement that has revolution- ized that cityl and one of the signers of which has been triumphantly elected to Congress at the recent eU ction. He predicted that within the next-four years Maryland, following that example, and taking an en- lightened view of her own interests, would .be found battling for Free Labor, and its attendant prosperity.After a few remarks from a laboring man who livesin the neighborhood, the meeting broke up amid thefinished the career of Judge-Douglas.Mr. Hay, who was expected to address the meeting, then came forward and gracefully declined the position of chief orator of the evening, in favor of the strangers wlo wore among us in our joy, and promised to fulfill his appointment at another time.—Mr. W. HJ Fry is unable, by. reason of sickness, 10 fulfill any of his immediate engagements to .speak for the Republican cause.truth," for that success is not always a test of merit if fully demonstrated by Christianity /It is true that we prodkim, "rehearse," the "old skep- tical philosophy." for truth is as old as the " Rock of Ages." But it is not true that we •' utter sen-iaientt directly opposite to fixed law." On the con'arary, infidels in all ages have proclaimed and defended tne immutable and .fixed laws of the universe, of human nature, of justice, and humanity, at the very risk ofDavid Buffum. NEW-YORK.N E W - P A L T Z , N. Y., Oct. 1G, I860.ter Connty will cast her vote for Line >ln telv<H. Ho spoke of sbe political prospect, and saidRespectfully, AMOR J. WILLIAMSON.' - Club, Fifth Ward.and unknown a virtue, and the honest avowal of a disbelief a crime ? But it is not true that we " don'tJohn Greiner, jr., James Parker.trated the confusion of fusion by the yarn of the Irish sailor, who, after having bothered his oxen into " twist- ing their yoke," rushed wildly to his master cryingthat the larboard ox had got on the starboard side, the star- board ox on the larboard side,old Dick had got tangled in the rigging, and they were all going to hell stern foremost. He sermonized on the parable of Dives and Lazarus, representing the Democracy in torment, call- ing on the old Whigs, who are now safe in Abraham/sWeetein New-Jersey were never, so bright as at pres- ent, and no one entertains the ehadow of a doubt that * we eha'l carry the State.NEW-JERSEY .J08. C. HORNBLOWER, ANDREW K. HAY,Charles E. Elmer, George H. Brown, Edward W.- Ivins, David Thompson,Isaac W. Scudder.—William H. Burleigh will address the Republicansof Jamaica on Thursday evening, the 18th inst. He seme comer by the river side (not the most clean), with hi*PENNSYL V ANIA. |J A M E S P O L L O C K , T H O M A S W . H O W E , VIHth District, Jesse Fonda, esq., candidate for theleave the "editorial sanctum" untouched; and therefore w< ' bind its thought in moral action." For of all the evils that afriidon Monday evening. The Club was accompanied by the world, mental Slavery is the greatest, as from it all otnen spring, it is this mectal bondage that made " society bardeaed U appointed for next Saturday, at another place m the Every time he mentioned Douglas, or Matteson, or Mr. Hamlin. The Club was received by several Bos- its faith." " deaf to those land-battle cries" that made it " lave it* chains,'' and " have faith in the existence of a being beyond tbi comprehension of the philosopher," and " erect temples to thf worship of its power." while it leaves poverty, vice, crime, andEdward C. Knight, Francis B. Peoniman, Assembly from New-York City, John M.-Emerson,quietly answering, that between them there was a disturbance, {will be reassured; and hereafter we may great gulf. . His fun was not all BOharmless as this.WM. I*. MARSHALL, Daniel T . Orem,Wm. Pinckney Ewing, Francis S. Corkran,GEO. HARRIS, M. D. George Edward Wiss, Isaac Qehr, Montgomery Blair.won a place in the hearts of these generous Western people, which brawliog, shuffling demagogues might strive a lifetime for, in vain.Frank M. Whinney, John Riley Knox, Desden W. H. Howard,John M. Keltum, kelson Rush, Abraham Thompson, John F . Hinkle, HezekiahS. Bundy,RegisterVanboruWILL CUMBACK, Cyrus M. Allen, JohnW. Ray, Morton C. Hunter, John H. Farquahar,JOHN L. MANSFIELD, John Hanna,Samuel A. Huff,James N. Tyner, Isaac Jenkinson, David O. Dailey,and fullest statements of Republicanism I ever heard, and was listened to with marked attention by every person present;.amongwhomwasone ofthe largest slaveholders in the district. "He cleared our party en- tirely of 'the charge of Abolitionism, which is the great bug-bear of the Southern men, and was repeatedly and enthusiastically cheered; especially when speaking of Disunionifcta—whom he declares Old Abe would hang as high as Hainan, no matter whether hailing from the NorthortheSouth! HetoldthemthatLincolnwas bound to be elected, and that the power that elected him would inaugurate him also ! He said our Govern- ment was too greataod powerful, our people too intel-ligent and prosperous, to be ruined by any Administra-tion in four years, as had been proven by Buchanan; Mr. Lincoln's with other prominent citizens, who lovefor he had done all in his power to ruin the country, to rejoice together when the skies are bright, came out and etill it piospered. He said ours was the only true at the Wide-Awake summons, and spoke as follows:KIKE IN THIRTY-KIRST STREET.At 25 o'clock on Wednesday morning a tire broke outintheframe buildingcornerThirty-firstsfreetand Ninth avenue, owned by Judge Fonda, and occupied by Mr. Demarest a* a carpenter, shop. It was tot^iy destroyed. Loss about $800. No insurance. The fiw communicated to the frame tenement house adjoining owned by Peter E. Brown, and ocsupied by about hm a dozen families in ihe upper stories, the lower part beingneedasamaTbleshop. Thebuildinurwasdam- agedto the amount of $400. Insured for $1,000 in the ltutgers Insurance Company. Considerable damage was done to the marble shop and to the furniture of th* occupants. The origin of the fire is unknown.'REVERSE OF FORTUNE.—-NO doubt some kkd readerof Tux TXIHUNK will be obliged to me for thia item. There are a poor man and his wife living in Mulberry street, whose story, well vouched for, ia as follows: Eighteen years ago they cam* to this country in health and very good circumstances. He was • competent man, came well recommended, and soon' procured a tituationin the Navy Yard, Brooklyn, as foreman, of a gauf of 800 men, and gave satisfaction. He was afterward employed in the same capacity in building the Canard Dock, Jersey City; also, subsequently on the Boston Water Work*. Daring one of these engagements he seriously injured his leg, and was laid up three y e a n ; during which time he expended *12,000 for med- ical services, with very little benefit. For yean pasi the ooaplelEONARDSWETT,1 Allen C. Fuller, Waham B. Plato,. Xawrence Weldon, Wffliain P . Kellogg,JOHNM.P.VLMER, James Stark,James C. Conkling, H. P . H. Bromwell,Senator Trumbull, who, by good fortune, was atARNOLD KREKEL, William Gilpin, Charles Foley, Harrison B. Branch,WILLIAM BISHOP, John M. Richardson,John Grier.last year's vote. jAN IRISH SPEAKER.To the Editor of Th* N. Y. Tribune.SIR: Wehavea youngWide*Awake Irishman in ourcitybythenameofPATRICK CORBETT,whois just the speaker to address his countrymen in thi* Stats at the present condiicn of parties. He Istalented and eloquent, and shows up " Fneion" in ail its beauties, with great force and effect. His services can be had in any part of the State between this time and thethepopulaJion of the county has incre&aedforty-Jiveper cent, flnd.'its property nearly quadrupled tn value !There is not probably another district in the whole of•the South that can begin to show such a result. Andthis is plainly attributable to nothing but the advant-severe affection of the throat, spoke for some time in that strain of elevated and unselfish statesmanship, which has long been commending him to the beat feel- ings of the best people in the country. In spite of the absence of those flashy qualities which dazzle a mob,,Norman K. Mackenzie. INDIANA.The speechofMr.Kilgorewasoneof the clearest airwas frightened withrockets andother pyrotech-Jtfelson Trusler,Reuben A. Riley.nic)?, and nervous ladies were periodically Btartled by the peculiarly vicious tone of the small but plucky Wide-Awake cannon.A very large procession rapidly formed at the Rapub- lican Headquarteis, and marched through the illu- minated streets to the inspiring music of the band, which seemed to have caught a novel charm from the general joy, up 10 the residence of Mr. Lincoln. Hav- ingarrivedthere,theyrousedtheEighthstreetechoes with fifteen tremendous cheers, equally distributed be- tween Lincoln, Trumbull, and the three victory- crowned States.J X L I N O I S '•*••Ulysses Mercur, George Bressler, A. B. Sharpe, Daniel O. Gehr, Samnel Calvin,Edgar Gowen,William McKennan, John M. Kirkpatrick, James Kerr,Richard P . Roberts, Henry Soother,look for a fuller attendance. Another meeting wasVIRGINIA.JOHN MCLURE,election, by addressing the undersigned, Chairman of. c&ee, and Republicanism will be as popular there as atWest seems to me to be kindling with an enthusiasm, which only a moral contest can inspire. They feel the sympathy of the civilized world, and the vast heart of the Occident is becoming like an October sunset.•THE THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.A large and enthusiastic meeting was held on Tues- day night by the German Republican Club of the Fifth Ward, Dr. Hexamer in the chair. A letter from Mr.District, Lewis H.Morgan; Illd District, Benjamin R. Wells.Livingeton County—lid District, George Hyland.—The County of BUCKS, Pennsylvania, is usually very evenly divided in politics, and has been from timehad its effect, Christians had n- ne of those amiable qualities, ant we hope tbat the same vital force w,ll teach them that, tliougl " toleration" is preferable to.the "stake and the faggot," thet" former weapons, it is but another name for despotism." Doubt" does not belong to us, for clear as sunshine is th< light of Reason. " Doubt" belongs to those who believe in, anc stand every moment of their existence befare a " vindlctivt God." "fjill of wrath and vengeance," and hangover th« "yawning gulf," the " bottomless pit full of fire and brimstone.' Be prepared for them. "The arguments against the religion oi revelation, and in favor of the religion of humanity," is M " valid," that the branches of the " Infidel Association of Amer- ica" are springing up in all parts of pountry, east and west, north and south; and though the parent-stem is only throe years old*GEORGE RYE,John Wright,30. H. Gray,Thomas Todd,Joseph Applegate,Thoma* J. Hewitt, - Jacob Hornbrook,the Republican County Committee at Syracuse.the North. The Keitts, Yanceys, Orrs, and other dis- union blowers, understand this fully, and hence their effortB to keep their people in ignorance, and inflamed against us. Pence their opposition to the spread there of our papers or speeches. Their pretended fear of in- cendiarism, &c, is all humbug—a mere pretense, as an excuse for their outrageous course. But the ball is in motion, and the result is sure,'though slow.Joseph Bell,ALLEN A. BURTON,Samuel McCann,S. W. Langley,Joseph W. Calvert; -' L.Marston,A. R. McKee, Harry B. Broadiis, Robt. L . Wintersmith, Charles Hendley.OHIO.FRED'K HASSAURECK, JOSEPH M. ROOT,BeDJamin Egdeston, Daniel B. Stewart, Wiltiana M. JJickson, Richard P . L. Baber,, .4,705 .4,862 .5,140 .4,928VanBuren..•••••.... .4,488 Polk •.••*«,*. . . . .%>,/*)]jr.,Levi Pitman,W. E. Stevenson, D. W. Roberts, James L. Freeman,Syroeute, Oot 15,1860.SILAS F. SMITH.S. M. Peterson, G.D. Hall.KENTUCKY.WM. THRELKELD. Thomas Coyle,gress in the Hid District, was read and listened to with great satisfaction.- The.meeting adjourned amid threehearty cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin.is a copy of Mr. Williamson'B letter:v/ilclH • • • • • • • • • • • * 9 5,364 the roots are encircling the very basis o( the churcnea, and da Pierce. • • • ' • ' • .....5,766 tbeir work to undermine their rott«n and crumbling foundation. Buchanan...••••. 6,517 The "vitalforce" ofreasonandtruthiswithus•theadvocate* Roberts 5,122 of Christianity dare not encounter its power. At our businessEdgar Needham,S P R I N G F I E L D ,Ever since the glad tidings of great joy came flash-The following NEW-YORK, Oct. 13,1860.At the recent Election, her• vote for the various candidates stoodmeeting on Monday afternoon, a Christian present thanked God! for the moral cowardice of the press, and asked for a " definition of Truth;" he was invited to come in the evening, and we would give bim the definition. He did not come—WM he afraid ta know what Truth was?The appeal to the auxilary branches to contribute to the astab* lisbment of a permanent place for the promulgation of our prin- ciples to this city is no Broof of its weakness. Don't ChorchestV8 ityJohn ISeatty, William Slocum, Joseph Ankeny, Edward Ball,John A. Daveaport, William K. Upnam, Samuel B Philbrick, George W. Brooke,misrepresentations, nor do I care to have the votes of any body of tho-electors withdrawn from me in con- sequence of a misapprehension as to my opinions on any question of public interest.1. In answer to the first question propounded by you, I reply that I am in favor of the election of Abraham Lincoln as President of the United States. I intend to vote for the Republican Elecoral Ticket placed before the people of the State of Hew-York, and to use every effort in my power to ensure its triumph at the ap- pr< aching election. I regard the success of the Re- publican candidate for the Presidency aa of the great- est importance to the cause of Freedom, public honesty, the prosperity of the people of the whole United States, and as the only hope for the down-trodden and op- pressednationsoftheoldworld,wholooktothiacoun- try as an asylnm and a future home for themselves and their children. "2. My political creed will be found in the Platform laid down by the Republican National Convention, held at Chicago; on the 16th and 17th of May, 1860. I fully indorse every part of that instrument—Its devo- tiontotheprinciplesofourgloriousDeclarationof Independence and the Union of the States—the right of each sovereign State to order and control its own do- mestic affairs m its own way—opposition to the further extension of African Slavery to the Free Territories of the United Sates—Protection to Home Industry—the right of Kansas to admission as a State—Freedom of tte Public Lands to actual settlers—no curtailment or. abridgement of the privileges extended by our laws to foreigners who apply for citizenship, or who, when that boon is conferred, ask for the,'protection of our flag, in any part of the world—River and Harbor improvements—a speedy construction of a Railroad through American territory to the Pacific Ocean; in a word, I regard the Republican Platform as containing all that is necessary to bring ournation backto thelandmarks setup bythewise and patriotic statesmen under whose auspices the great principle of ..Republican Government was oririnalry in- augurated; on this continent. If I was called on to6,478 JtlOSfl. •**••>•••.6,404publicans by majorities ranging from 22 to 431 votes. It will be noted that the vote just cast is considera- bly bigber then ever be/ore —hundreds higher than thatof'56.—There will be a mass meeting, and Wide-Awakeand " Continental" demonstration, at Caldwell, War- ren Co., N. Y„ on Tuesday evening, Oct. 23. The meeting will be addressed by the Hon. Jas. B. Mc- Kean and the Hon. Charles Hughes. The Wide- Awakea and"Continentals"ofthe severaltowns in the county will participate in the display.—The Republicans of Tarrytown had a large and enthusiastic meeting on Friday evening, the 12th inst. Nathaniel B. Holmes, esq., presided. Theodore H. Benedict/President of-the Tarrytown Lincoln Associa- tion, made a brief address in reference to the great Republican victories achieved in the recent elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana. Stewart L. Wood- ford of New-York was then introduced, and spoke for an hour and more. B. F . Coreell followed in a few remarks. Abram S.Leonard next sang an original po- litical eong. Late in the evening, the Wide-Awakee of the place had a torchlight procession. During the meeting (in order, it is supposed, to break it up by the alarm of fire), two efforts were made to burn a stable near by. On both occasions the blaze was fortunately discovexed in time to be put out without doing any con- siderable damage. On Friday evening, the 19th, the Hon. Bayard Clark and Chauncey Shaffer speak at the same place.before ndwbave passed into forgetfulnesa had it not been for thehelp of one of the bloodiest tyrants that cursed humanity, '* L Con-stantine," who enforced it with the sword, and fire and the sword with the addition of rraud and falsehood have ever since been the God)y means by which it has been maintained.In con,c]u»ior>, allow me to say that, although we have f> con- tend against the "rooky barrier of indifference," time, sanctified error, wrongly usurped power, numbers, wealth, intrl5;ie, decep- tion, moral cowardice and liypocricy, oar caa«e i». o n w « 4 Christianity belongs to the past, Humanity to all time.Thomas G. Allen, John Qlney.MISSOURI.Union party in the country; that we neither proposed todissolvetheUnion ourselves,norwould we permit others to do' it: that if even Yancey were to be con-I feuppese, fellow-citizens, that all this p;irade is but ah expression on your part of rejoicing over the result of the elections in Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Otio,James F. St. James, John D. Stevenson.piosperity, happinees, and intelligence of the Free and Slave States—drew a comparison between the commerce and bosmess of. the Potomac, which waa naturally a splendid stream for navigatiomwith its single little eteamer running once a day from Wash- in tfton to Alexandria, a distance of six miles, with the Ohio, with its hundreds of steamers and millions ofM I C H I G A N .HEZEKJAH G. WELLS, RUFUS HOSMER, •SeorgeW. Lee, Philotus Hayden, Edward Dorsch, Augustus Coburn,the 4:h of March next. [Cheers ] We may well re- i'oice over thejresult of these elections. They show the democracyrouted and flying,withquakingknees,in all directions], These elections show that they have been judged and condemned. [A Voice—"We will execute them |n November."] No! we will not exe-WISCONSIN.WALTER L>. MCINDOE, BRADP'DD. RIXFORD, commerce. HecomparedNorfolk,wheretheyboastedcute them—Wjo will redeem them. Like the man in decide which of these measures to push in advance of Swipture, they are praying not to be tormented before the others', Lshould be at a loss where to «begin. The—A meeting of the Republican Club of Fort Lee have suffered much from siokneas aud privation; He himselfW. W . V aughan, J . Allen Barber, H. Lindeman.I O W A . 3PJTZHE28BYWABBEN, JOSEPHA. CHAPLINE,M. L . McPherson, . Charles Pomeroy,MINNESOTA. STKPBEBMTIXEB, . WILLIAM PFAEHDEB,Clark W . Thompwn, Charles McClure. CALB»oaEarjA.their time. We will redeem them by driving out their Freedom of the Public Lands would be of little/'f. : *THE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK.opened to the Pacific Ocean at the earliest practicaltried. The only Way to secure all these benefits and ticket ever received here. We had a large meetingT- e Hon. J A M E S M. COOK A. SACXETT will Breakand theHon.WILLIAJIAt Edinburgh.....At East DayAt Greenfield Centre;.Thursday, Oct. 18. .Friday, Oct 19. .Saturday, Oct 20.In such a contest, there can be no hope While one slaveholder is getting readyWiffiam K. Watkins.—a;second Lowell. He alluded to Washington City, which popBeseed neither commerce, manufactures' nor trade to any extent,-whose inhabitants lived only as dependent upon the Federal Government, and went regularly into mourning when Congress adjourned, becaut^ tbeyj were no longer able to subsist by preying, npon the members and employees of the Government. He then alluded to and explained the Homestead bill, and the action of the two parties upon it. He told tbem that by the passage of that Republican measure they, the non-landowners and poor whites of Mary-we are^ told that ihe spirit does not always strive with man. They must heed the Signs of the times and take; shelter before the B'Orm^ They need no longer be misled. One of their candidates has lately been going about the country making 'speeches. He wif's down in Maine and an increasedR<J- pjoblican majority rewarded his labors ther*. He went to Pennsylvania, to Indiana a*d to Ohio, and these States have. rolled up unexpected Re- publican majorities as a consequence. He has come to Illinois, and you may expect that the same results w n follow him here—the utter rout and defeat of theGen. JAMKS W. NYKWIU speakpelled to go but working by the side of negro slaves,and kept too; poor to buy even these poor worn outlands, would then be enabled to own and build them-selve» a home upon 160 acres of the fertile lands of thegreat West, one acre of which was worth.and wouldproduce, as much aS four or five of this. He then al-luded to Squatter Sovereignty, showing that even if. which we held our gallant standard-bearer, and showof our adop'ed citizens than to suppose that they can b.ed in the open air. Speaking was going on at threedifferent places kt the same time, still there were many be deterred from voting according to their convictions, m the vast multitude who failed to hear. You will£0. At WellsviUe. At.Bfliiioiit AtOicanAt BInghamtoiThursday, Oct 18. .....Friday, Oct 19........Saturday, Oct 20, - Wednesday,.Oct 24.the Presidential contest. Fusion or confnsim will make no difterence-»-we only need wait till NovemVr to ratify the election. And, with these glorious exam- ples be'ore us, is there any Hlinoisan who will fleg now ? Nb; we will show by our votes the respect inby any such appeals to their prejudices. While it is trne, that before I.became a member of the Republican party, in 1858,1voted for and supported a-;ineof the csndidatea of the American pany—a party having its origin in ihe abuses of the naturalization law, and in whose ranks were numbered some of my most valuedwSenator W A D E will Bpeakdate Jives—to tarnish the glory of his victory. mense cheerincr.][Im-clined on the ground that I could not subscribe to whatwas understood to be the position of the American They have over flflynames. With the aid of the Mid-see••*»•••••••••••<seaboflid.influence! and power of this mighty Government to as- sist ycu. You had the Executive and all its patron- age, its money and influence, and even, the army was Bentto your aid, and s>i'lyou were beaten; and to-day Kar-sas stands forth a Free State—a lasting and telling evidence of the superiority of free over slave labor andligi<<U8belief Irefertothatpar;of the ritual whichThe Hon. JOHN COVODE of Pennsylvania will epcakThey have tried to avoidAtMacedon, Wayne CoAt Walwoith, Wayne CoAt Ontario, Wayne Co.........Wednesday, Opt. 2X,. At Walcott, Wayne Co.........Thursday, Oct 25, At South Butler, Wayne Co....Friday, Oct 26.L. H. VAN SCHAICK, esq., will speakCORRECTION.A t Cats-Mil.'.At Cairo......At KiakatonAt Brooklyn (City Hall Wigwam), Monday, Oct. 22. At GTeenport Thursday, Oct. 25.-ULSTER COUXrY, N. Y.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.to enter on a more full discussion of the subject here..Moaday; Oot 22, .Tuesday, Oct. 23,To the Editor of The 2*1 Y. Tribune.SIR: On reading in THE TRIBUNE of Mondiy?your comments on the Infidel Coavention, I feh it my duty, as a firm believer in justice, to say, that although* eciters have a perfect right to comment upon and criti* else any eubject that comes under their notice, they have no right to falsify a cause, or persons advocating that cause, however unpopular they may be. I there* fore ask it as a favor, though in justice I might claim it as a right, to give this article a place in your paper.Thursday, Oct. lfc;Friday, Oct 19. .Saturday, Oct 20. .tion, I am prepared to abide by the decision of myfellow-citizens, as expressed through the ballot-box.Without the approval and support of the people of theHid Congressional District, I have no desire to go to•of the modest origin of him whom Kings will now Congress as their representative. An election under, when Christianity makes blind faith in thing* unseenYoura, respectfully, E. V.W .Snilosophers have suffered, from the time of Copernicus and tJi ieo to the present hour, from the believers in the biblical false-, hoods, for proclaiming "fixed laws," justifies all who believe thatREPUBLICAN MEETING IN WESTCHESTER VILLAGE. ~A large and spirited meeting was held in Valentine's Hal), in the village of Westchester, on the evening of the 16.h. A large por;ion of the persons present were wotKing men, formerly Democrats atid Americans T. B. Harrington, esq., was called to the chidr. Short and spirited addresses were made by William A. D ir- Kng, esq, Republican, candidate for Elector for theare expected to attend, and to form a grand torchlighttione.eringtrials in the land of Pennsylvania, andillus- procession. The prospects of the Republican cause in cious to man,, to "resolve that the Bible is a corse instead of i:•*J^;YORRJPAILYTRffiUMTE, J^RSP A Y ,;pCTOBEB:i8^: 1860.CQMMEltS,(ffOU.S.'8*. "J4, Rt 5".0O0 Cnited Stat— 5i 2&0OW>. 1;. "Stat* fin...5,000 Mi*«oarl'»,at.-' I J5.0CO ZiU- ft*. 4th ;»1l,f/0Hud.ftrr.3dM 2,CCo Mir*. O n . 8 V Mi Sk«.Fi Cvt 5,000 Mich So 2d MJ.OftOChicsc-W.W't.: 50Merchant*' B a n * . 10 Mails* Bank...-•>T«0MA«J.PPYKH.- BKN.'AMTNJ-PENORAJ WashingtontotheUpperFallswithacontinuouscity•ueymustrepentandcomeinbeforeitisto•»late,formerce,andthatagreat,nationalhighwayshouldbe givetheRepublicanticketthelargestmtjorityanyaccount of itself in November.. Look out for a Demo- farmers from' Pennsylvania. The result, as shown by cratic and Fusion break-down. We .shall double ourton as co-laborers in the great cause;. and to see that Massachusetts did not strip the laurels from their own brow. He knew that the love of liberty which in- spired their fathers still circulated in the breasts of their sons, and that they would be true to the lessonstaught them.—The Breckinridge men of Erie County have nomi-courage Free-Tbinkurb." But believing in ihe progressive natunof man, we are not discouraged. Thefuturoia ours, and we can woik and-wait But it is not true that ourmeetings were "darkly tinged with disappointment and doubt." Dark it could not have been, for we had ended a "fine bright Suhoay," the tun shows with " particular " favor upon us, and we endeavored, by re- movirg the window curtains, to admit his genial rays, for tfratfc can .bear the light, but alas !. though it ia a fixed law" that thst . " sun shines on the unjust as well as on the just," superstition " and " priestly tyranny " exclude not only the light of reason from tne minds of the believers, but even the light of the suaaMARYLAND TO BE REDEEMED-THE GROUND BROKEN.Correspondence ef The N. Y. Tribune.BALTIMORE, Oct. 15,1860. Having received an invitation to attend the first Re- publican meeting ever held on the soil of Maryland outside of Baltimore, in company with some six or eight friends I went on Saturday last over into Mont- gomery County, some ten miles from here, for thatpurpose. The notices of the meeting which had been posted by our.friends were all torn down by the Demo- crats, notwithstanding which eome fifty or more of the farmers were assembled at the time and place ap- pointed. ADemocraticmeeting wasbeingheldatthe fame time about three miles distant and a disturbance was expected, but fortunately none was attempted.The place were the meeting was held is in the neigh- borhood of the residence of the veteran Blair, former editor of The Globe, the personal friend of Gen. Jack- son, and father of the gallant Frank Blair. The Hon. Montgomery Blair, a brother of Prank, and who wasimmemorial.as follows:1840—Harrison... ,*.1844—Clay,1848—Taylor.1852—Scottl856r-Fremont and Fillmore.5,417 1858—Lpngnecker....; 5,235lately one of the Judges of the Court of Claims, had soundof Geiman band by night, and the Sucker capi-been previously nominated as a Republican Elector for the State of Maryland, and, with the Hon.: Mr. Kilgore, Member of Congress from Indiana, attended and ad- dressed the meeting; explaining, fully and clearly, the principles and objects of the Republican party.tal had gathered there heryiorches and her Wide-Awakes, and bright " the camphene blaze fell on theirjapanned mantles, which may certainly be called, sinceTuesday, " Capes of Good Hope.'' The quiet OctoberYours for humanity,FIRES.mERNESTINE L. ROSE.James B. Gardenhire, stitutionally elected President, the Republican party and that you have called on me to say a few words towould see nim inaugurated, despite all opposition,whe- you, instead of having called on Mr. Lincoln, excusing ther from the North or the South. He compared the- him on account of his engagement te make a speech onland and themother slave States, instead of being com- Democratic party. The result of these election* Bettl«HBfl°wing. and a Bulging crowd aasem*Beside all this, said he, you had the wholeente*priee!for the South.to move with his slaves, a hundred free men will have planted themselves already there, and when the aston- ished slaveholder arrives, he'will find'the Yankees busy.whittling Out their fortunes with a jackknife! You have neither the population nor the enterprise to compete wiih the North in such a-contest. It was folly tothink of it. . »He was followed by Judge Blair, who explained in full the absurdity and dishonesty of the Dred Scott decision (which, by the way, he argued before the Court, and therefore understood fully), and also the misrepresentations of our position by our opponents. He spoke of the -charge of the President and otherSouthern men that we denied to the South any right which we claimed for ourselves, or which belonged to them. He said Pennsylvania, baa always had a law preventing us of Maryland from going there and tak lug with us our slaves;. ar>d did it ever occur to us that our rightB had been infringed therely? Not at all. -In the seme way continued he, we of Maryland,yearsago,passedalawforbiddingthesaleinthisState of any Biavebrought here from Virginia; and yet,who ever heard t^em complain that we had infringed oh their rights? Nobody—euch athing was naver thonght of. Well, said-he, that is exactly what we do in.keep- ing Slavery out of the Territories. We not only denp their right to;carry it there, but we also do not claim any such right for ourselves. More tban this, while the people of Jtbe North deny themselves and their own citizeiis the right'of holding slaves in their own States, thfy coscedejto the people of the South the right to have them in their own States if they wish' them, thus grantirg them more rights than they claim for them-although hepossible for a man.to be anything but entertaining who cepted an invitation to address the meeting. Beside of the "fixed laws" of motion, of attraction and repolsion, of cause aDd effect, against the put-rile and irrational Biblical ac-is so jolly as Denio was to-night. He said it would be him, Mr. Denning Duer and the Hen. Ephxaim Marsh count of the creation of the world in six days oat of nothings a good time for him to die, be felt so peaceful with all will Bpeak in English, Mr. Tzscbirner in German, and and Captain •Joshua''s commanding the sun to stand vtill, and! mankind. He said that Douglas was walking around against the false and soul crunhing doctrine of " inm.lv deprav-the water-tanks of Illinois, dead, but we have not. Mr. A. Perrin in French. The,.Wide-Awake Clubs of ity." The bitter hatred and inveterate persecution the io ridelutmost good feeling, thus proving an entire success.By this, many who were afraid to attend, for fear of bosom, for aid and comfort; and the glorified piatriarchssame county! .' •. * •'• .Of tliis county,' it is proper to state that formerly theton clubs, and, attended a meeting the evening of theirMr. Peck of Chicago, being loudly called for said, as land.was heljfi in large tracts, by great slaveholders. he knew where his motber was, they would not betrayarrival, which,was briefly addressed by Mr. Hamliu.Of late, however, some having digd aud others grown poor, orfailejd, the. land has to a great extent passed out of their hands, and has been bought up by smallhim into a speech. With a lew eloquent words of triumph and counifel he retired, and our noble Senator iwhose name Twill thank you to put in small caps, Mr.He said they had come among the Republicans of Bos- misery to take care of themselves.It is true that the facts just stated are almost enough to " di*Compositor); L Y M A N T R U M E U L L , came forward, amid the census returns, is, that during the past ten years the wildest enthusiasm, and, though suffering from aour friends elsewhere that our generous confidence inhim has not been misplaced- Illinois will give him noless tban 20,000 majority. The great battle has beendecidedinPennsylvania; butwemust see to it thav party. I was repeatedly urged to join the —Acorrespondentwritesasfollows:*O*>'-••*«*-• ••was afraid to visit the home of his father, he announced the fact that the noble-hearted Republicans of Ken- tucky had made the logs of that old cabin into, gavels, and had 'scattered- them over the Union, a3 memorialsIt is true that infidelity " progresses against a rocky barrier of indifference." How can it be otherwise,ages ci free over slave labor. No other district near in spite of a certain dignified coldness of demeanor, nated the followingticket: For Congress, Carlos Cobb; from the churches—gloom and darkness answers their parposthere, in Virginia or Maryland, has had any. such in- which vulcar souls" mistake for arrogance, Lymana determination to fight the Douglasites to the last. —The Republicans have nominated for Assembly aabetter. ''Disappointment".wecouldnothavehad,aswedid'cotexpe«to see those who •' flock" to the churches, knowing but too well they had not yet outgrown their moral cowardice, and wen 8gr«eably surprised to find so good an audience; nor does it w much depend on numbers to prove " palpable progre*»j" the fao of the "infidel conventions" proven that progress. The "vita force" of infidelity has, in spite of numbers, compelled th* " Christian ease and good natured toleration toward those whoacrease. Not{one! Thesefactsarebeginningtoopenthe eyes, and mouths too, of the people. • They cannothelp seeing these results, and they naturally inquirewhat the reason is. There is nothing that the Democ-racy of the South so much dreads as the spread of suchfacts as these among their people.- Let the mass of thepeople ofthCjSouth once understand the facts of the Aid this is but one of many we have had. The whole.REJOICING AT THE HOME OF MR. LINCOLN. Amor J. Williamson, Republican candidate for Con-ing, to show the world they were not ungrateful for the blessings of Providence, but intended to wait till the majorities were done growing, and they knew how much to fhout. This was all very well in theory, but the enthusiasm of the rising generation could not re- main bottled up so long. So to-night "therewas ano wish to secure the votes of my fellow-citizens by Prothonotar j/.Thotcher.6,236' was centuries after its supposed advent, and which would long fte:REPUBLICAN.Trumbull,bytheclear,crystallinepowerofintellect, forTreasurer,FeBtusTenpey;forJudge,MorrisFos- and the moral force of stainlesst political honor, has dick. They had a pretty full Convention, and evincedAltogether, this was a glorious political love-feast.follows: ,Monroe County—Tst District: Martin Roberts; lid they overwhelm in point cf numbers;" for until that "vital force'Correspondence of The Missouri Democrating over the wires from Pennsylvania and Indiana (I name those two States as returned prodigals, for Ohio is the elder son who is ever with us), the citizens of the home of Lincoln have been too happy to take any par-ticular interest in mundane affairs. They recognizedthe propriety of having some manifestation of rejoic- for Congress in the Illd Congressional District, I have Sheriff........Worthington...111., Oct.11,1860.S I R :Your.letter has just come-to hand.I.0,383Foster......Blair Simpson....D E A Rthank you for the opportunity it presents of explainingmy viewa on the questions you propound on behalf of Assembly..... BarnBley the.Club of which you are President.. As a candidate Reilly.....6,330—and truly too—of Saving the finest nataral harbor onthe continent, with its single boat arrival per week,with Cincinnati,.an inland town, yet where one couldwalk for miles along its levee, stepping from steamerto steamer. He asked them to tell him why this differ-ence? Here were soil,climate, and commercial ad-vantages naturally superior to any possessed there.Why, then, this difference? It was simply becausehere they were dependent upon slave labor, which de-stroyed enterprise, tndustrr and intelligence, whilethere free labor, stimulated the enterprise, and added to and Ohio should hear us exulting over their noble the public domain. Hence the Free Homestead policy subject matter, but mere flourishes and bombast.the wealth, the prosperity and happiness of the people. victories. And if we can boast of. these achievements requires to be hacked by Protection to Home Industry —The Republicans of Fiahkffl Landing, Matteawan and if any charitable reader desire* to aid thorn, donatioa* may Give us, laid he. this Potomac and the country around In the vanguard of the fight, what shall become of the and no further extension of Slavery, to give it pracu-' and vicinity intend having a large meeting at Mattel ba sent to the Fve-Point* House of Industry, or I will give the»,vii t-pirite. [Cheers.) * practical benefit to the poor white man, if the Fellow citizene, during the past few yearsthe Union slaveholder was permitted to overrun the Terri-has been endangered, the public money has been squan-dered, and the Territoriea distracted by civil war alltbrough the misrule of the Democratic party. But'thenews of to-day admonishes us that there is a better welfare and prosperity- of the country, that HomeIndustry should receive the fostering care of timeconing,andcausesustoliftupourheartsinre- Government,soastoenableourmechanicstotories with his negroes, to degrade and reduce the value of labor, while it is just as important to thejoicing If we could sufficiently swell our voices they earn the meana of supporting themselves, and nally failed m bringing any argument to bear on the should ring over the land, until Pennsylvania, Indiana open a home market for the products of the settlers onC»t A. WASBBTJBJT, WJDUJAM H. WEEKS, . ft, and we will line it from the Little to the Big Falls enemy on the 6th of November, when our invincible eal effect. The necessities of our growing country, name and residence" on application. X belive them to ba wor-Civic* A. Tattle, AntonioMori*Pico. with factories, and the bur* of machioery liball make commander leads its to battle"7 [Cheers.) The Dem- and the trade between the different eecttonf of our wan on Saturday evening, Oct 20, at which Wm. W thy . eman, eta., and K, H. Shannon, tta.., both of thisUntitled Document•• •' m?mi&mB. H. BARLOW,f ppcrinte&staet Ptr* faint* Boast »f lu*»«i*y«faith he professes. No distinction should be made be- tween citizens, either on account of birth or religion. Under the Constitution we are entitled to equal rights and privileges.4. While I fully subscribe to the Republican plat- form as laid down at Chicago, I do not subscribe to all hat has been done in the name of Republicanism in this and other States. Some of the acts of the last Legislature of this State do not meet my approval, be-< ause I regard them as.infringements on the rights of he citizen. Tee motive which induced the passage of the Sunday law was no doubt good, but I regard all 'epielation of thai character as unjust and oppressive. While laws may restrain the acts of the individual, the m<rals of a nation can only be advanced by education i,nd example. But this is not a party question, J and I am glad to see that the classof our adopted itizens most deeply interested do. not so regard t. The 1 advocates and opponents of these laws re to be found in all parties. As it is a question that cornea before the Legislature of the State, and not before Congress, I do not consider itnecessary for metask they have undertaken.poliiical bias, and as far as we have been able to exam- ine their Text-Book, they have Bucseeded. There ia hardly a daypasees by in which we are not made the rtfeiee to decide some political dispute or eome wageron an electoral return; every man can now be his owa referee at the trifling expense of $1.delight to honor.-. He ihen passed to the subject ofSlavery agitation, and his remarks grew solemnly im-pressive as he alluded to the avenging destiny thatwaits on political' crime, and has at last apparently To Dr. FKKD. M. HKXAMBR, President German Repuolican prosper;" nor does it disprove "its foundation ut—A Republican mass meeting will be held at West 'Hpboken, N. J., to-morrow night, October 19. EXTBe introduced to the audience Mi-. Denio. of Galena,who, by the way, needs no introduction in Hlinois, andwho made one of his happiest efforts.. It would be im- Gov. Pennington, Speaker of the last House, haa ac- their lives. The teachers of astronomy and geology,time to bury him now—we must fight Matteson and carry the Legislature.Hoboken, Jersey City, Hudson City, Union Hill, &c ,Be drew a most ludicrous picture of Dongltfs'a elec-truth only is beneficial, and error, under whatever naa;»», perni- blessing to man."It is not true that our meetings presented the "Isolation" yot may think, or wish to make believe, and if they were not a* full as some of the churches, the^e was quite adifference, ev^n it appearance, between them and'the meetings of Christ held ii -will also speak at Clarkstown, Rockland, Co., on Fri-rtwelve ignorant fishermen.It is quite true that we " denounce priestly tyranny,'' whlcr,has so corrupted every avenue of society as, alas! not even t«• •'•!. »..,-••<:SJesfingsto the country, I firmly believe, is to place theGovernment inthe handsoftheRepublican party—a Mi;.HegemanandMr.Putnam." party pledged to their support. Whether in Congress orinprivatelife,Icanassureyouthatwhateverinfluence or power-1 can wield,- will, at all times, be inre- party in Jelation to tilie adherents of a particular ra- dletown and PortJervis Clubs, they had a splandictdo.......... . 300 dc... .. SO Michigan C'-ntrii Iloo do....100 do '......50 do...k,1,0W Tetrn. State A '1 LCOOMikwoB State St 4,CC0 .d,....I,a0 Ca.vo.rl* 8W*-11 ^0 L»e K. fc W. 24 S Back of the St <>( 8 0oeaaB*ok.......23* Cootea Compar.->. 15? • do............. J50 Chic. Bur. fc Q ai50 do....20 Pacific M. 8. 8. Cdayevening,,the19thinst. , .,-,,—The Bangor Wide-Awake Club arrived in Boston " sound forth the summons to the woild to burst the fetters thatGovernor....Congress.....Cnrtin .Longnecker.... .6,405It has voted in past memorable {contests6,4586,386 .6,195. . ..6,219 6,196Du&gazL....Six other County Officers are all elected by the Re-N. J., was held at the Davis House on Tuesday even- ing, the 16th inst., when an admirable address was made by Mr. James Fairman of New-York, in which the aims and purposes of the Republican party were ably and eloquently set forth. At the dose, Mr. Chauncey Burr, on the part of the opposite party, took upsomeofthepoints,inordertoarefutation,butsig-ia a cripple and can scarce walk about His wife has striven hon- *sfly to earn a livelihood for both with her needle. She is the daughter of Major Stwartof the British army, and teems to be an educated, intelligent, and christian woman. I w w her making «hirtsat25 cents a piece, living on bread and water, and yet bearing her troubles with patience and hopefulness. They have parted with everything they possessed, and now live in an on* comfortable furnished room, far which they pay $ 2 per week. They are destitute of clothes for coming Winter. Under all thU pressure of trouble they have applied to me for aid.' The wife thinks she oan manage a thread and noodle store, and thus sup*, pott themselves. I have received a 001011 sum !for this purpoa*>•>«••... .6,278;atFishkill Village last night, which was addressed bybe*r from me again onthe 6th of November. Although:v2LrS„ £ *8tJ0ng P^ooratic district*Hid District, New-JerB-y), yet w« intend to elect Mr. Berthode, ourby aTW^fc5ffSS5 . ""J"*** Writ"The enthusiasm in this pari of the State is ver3y great0O #••••••«.. *>ithe town of Mioisink. Orange Co., N. Y. have cently formed themselves into a Wide-A.wak<j Club'100 N.3050 JfO 200(JO ••*-** ***** 100 4\G «**••«•-•'» ro (J ) , , , , . , . , . • bO #«»*•••••• 200 GO- • • - * •••*># - •ICQ do • •»•«••»•»«60050 P*cif> Midi 8. S to Erie RaUroad ^S^^^^^M:;?f.-o -^-^W^ig,:v^jf^r'^'^t.^i. w& -"-. ^y- . % %$$0&$§£ >»t»9<!«««»^ ^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.. :•'• ,!,w, . , — . .' ^ * > « s > ^www.fultonhistory.com 