 aspartate pceseitorf a Barked eoatrast wlt- TH« VOTABtBS OP 8T. CBISPIW. csaed la thatef assamptloDof power should he^ allowed: therefore. bellKcM/rrd, That a Special CaCDBiUeeoflkrreke aad !• heiclik appointed tu frameaad leporc SMCilica^oas farnd la iBBie Instasces It woal4 defeat the eads \n§-BMXGS AJTO BnSDOIHGS ^-^tfrnSem^ATESatardayifaest.e.isof iht k)K in relation Iherf-ioThe Flaanre t'ommltteeing *l,(IOOtu the New-Yuik Magdalea Bociety. Lali o>er.Tne Special Comrolt'ee upon the contested seat o'JoHM Baxeb reporved that upon an of inveit'gitionaatar 1/lu*-Cjcgj^nin.^NMM*aad rhildtea followed;almost loiraeiliatelrup Seturdav,utes;wheKeu(VD (^um-.ilman Allsb presented a let-the refo- mation of the offender aitd the ex-blood a Icetle too much,"<Sc :.SrTHBai.A.sn J.—Alder v%. Bta'l.chargeAT lYSN. Ol""J'HE STRIKK.Naniaoa oa Waaaiatriaedrhaae'Thtn jol relumed ftomTSSWSt9iiif, where ken, "<eelM" Slid taoiulti:er1ificab, of election. 1 lurther sta'e nat in-*Ar»>ut »e»eo o'rlock In the evenlnr two men, one proofs upoo which be fiaallhyeyobtaiae^l his aaluraltz^- or years is uken. Is uadoubtedly large, aad is cua-;roir,Into alu the street, aod were arieated.late case of a bank cierk ladlctmeitts were thirty-BineAattdptUng fu 1« tke itape of an old ruhloaedwlii>e and tbe other black, wbo were latnxicated, guttlon pa(>era wire of a fraudulent Thof. B. character,siaotly Ihcresslog;but this prove* aotblBg, la thsIta Taat was filled with aa excited mulUtude tended 10 by ibe-Commlttee. Mr. EsTSs stated that ^M capacityhilka oar on the pUtrorm with ariBng»m>iiUtaad tieea aia/'e at Wood End for all gi appearaace who «eie m want of provitioua anl to be atprtoled.Tbe Special Committee upon the cotamaBlcattaa realize that are aomeUpmerefsurmaai-ej'^HPaM stioaH, kussatts aod sciesms. Conscious or oi.ceIMArMH act *Ucn was calculsted to draw torta so "juuia," wbo aie m comfortablefeUpHfto a demoestrstioo, I was fsln to glie up ibe reaiiy to belpthose who wanlea aatlttaiice during thettbaiUc Wea Itist Ibe reception was Utcnded for irlke, «f,d would share tbe last loaf ef bread with oidlBBUca toIbem. Some splntt-d remaiks weie madefnat htimble repiescBiattve, and cast mi eye aruand by George neebe, Joseph Ciianers, Wm. Wym«, and Uesara.carry1do so. There are undoabledly persons woe desire aafa tad V possible tlieubjee;of the tamult. At Ikli Bowen. Hall, Caiter and Taylor,laid over.A re<olutlon from the Board of Aldermca waa coo-untelectlog punishmentofoffenlert, but IiDitUaaiy eldxaaSaapkyaifas, walehsWould compare very farorably^itAlk tta |>tetad asaa of any precinct In >ourClt7. Citf'" Everything was calm and still, aad a stranger;would haroly Fuppme that any "strike" bad been ^Ihtf aesaed coal and collected, but It wis an ex- mace, nr that Lyne bad been In such a state of fevei-Tbe women fctrikera are a'so much to blame they ;Instigate, encourdge and uphold tne acts of violence, aEd seem for cure to oe led away from that good1. inanse i»r Ul.der what provision,tectton of Iheik-ifeyer vs. Same.—Same orrter.FuHttr vs. ifarru— Motion denied without costs to eilier p^ity.venue—See opialoa. CalrBdKt^TcasnAT,Feb.28.ed to rescue hiiu. The of " cry"10 100 10 ore f,M«do du dostones,"Ac, was now beard, followed by a shower of those articles falling thick and fast in the ranks ot theoui- 1 have ever wimers-d. Wi.Ue hete. Officer Wi.srrip wasastoandliig laadUh scene of disturbance and annoyance9<i City Inspector to b>ve the atreeti cleaned by day'., untilendlihess Inwards me, I neverthelsst deem 2.i«0 U. S. lEt m. bs 73felled by a blowfromastr)ne, which cut ooeo hisworkasberclofoie. Itwasadop'ed.Aidern<an Smith oflered a resoiuiion dire.-^llng theS:rt et C< nmiif-sl'iper lo leport as early aa p issille all ihe ir'lo-m«ii- I. that he can ohtairt con'-efn'iig theas to the rigut to cad for su jh infjr- inetior, to contreunh-ate to yoii. frankly, my views2 000 »l. H H V. I»F» 5fi <.i<wr. & T.S K hs la 50 I'aciBc M. S. C. b3C 94forehead and ralfed a as lumpaope that others be served the sime ~ mightIt pieparewill, however, takeclerk.They've bad ibeir aiiemoon," eild one, " but we'llhave our right." •' They shan't leave this townHriitk Wardrm.—Smns Sinkey. Third Ward Pat- ,no Pel. ft a. C. Co.bW94alive." said another. These facts seem to be a"TowAlderman BaA»T arose to a question of privilege. He calleo attention to an attaclt upon the members ofsBoaaa t3.ooo 17. s. ss, ifei...iooIUOOLD e. 68 1814..a.lOO Us. state 6s ].0t«TeiioeBsee6<, >M. t»\ 8,000 d 88i4 ^.oea GrleB. Isi M.Bs. 941. Owing to lie slackiil^^ J ? greatreplyhad been offered him (AlderminR.lst « \Wiideal of ou'side3. 1 be Citv (,o»eriinieiii o( i.yno, neinetheefforts ;lI'OOBod. R.room Cen.B. bds^^uelched".for oppoituiilty studjingof Mr. R. A.in accordance with the terras of;/r», excited,bis contrsct with the City Inspector, the Mayor aridCi roptroller concurring. The piers a'o not lo beu*-*.'! ar. riumpin)j-ground8 hy the contractor, but ailtilt mud, luobtth ai d ssbes. are tu be removed fromti-fc C.iy. i'onrie nieinberi. of the Common Council,wt.ost. c .nstitueiits are turned awav from labolinuilie [ tit'llc crin by the new arrangement, grumbled auJib y yesterday.STREET COMM-SSIONER'S OFFICE. larURTANT CHa.NGBS PBOrOSBD.TheStiett Commissioner Is about to make some imporlaiit changes In bis office. Certain of bis em-li-.-haJ bel-vs. i-'tre Jnsuronce —Order ois- Brooklyn Compsny.sense which Is generally their stronghold. Such obiaii td for iLe making of said contract orarrange-Hmcityeaiarks as the following are a few only, spec mens of bnadreda which fell on my ear as I passed through tbe crowds:" I wish f was a man—I'd have tbe blood of same ofment?3 If said contract or arrangement was made, what ploy is will be removed and new men will t>eapp3nted-change COUUOH FLEAS—SPECIAL TIBV."tbeasBsau>Bfellows" Why doa*t yoa make a rutk. Billtwenty of *€m !'*" " "No special act ol wioieL'-;e was commiicr-.'l until the Boston force, having arrested a man named Mlkpiit, whs had attempteo lokmte ihe Uiisbal, started wl h him fpr tha Court-house. Toat building is over a mile bom the aeene of arrest. Over tvo tnousandmenlbllowed in ihelr trail. Tne mud was ancle- deep, aad tbe route a Lew one to them. As theyneared the bul'ding they found it necessary to arrest snoiber maui<ameo UnAPaa, Hh^selriends determin-What do «*o»e squirts think Ikey can do S" Tarandfeatner'emI"Let *em touch me, that's all," &c., ai nauseam.DisiaicT ArroaKii's Ornos,inal Csses.SryaaaaCooar—Ciscoit.—J»«rf f.—Adjourned;caoaea. Scpaaaa CocBT—OaaaaAi. Taaa.—MotloBS In Crim-there's onlyUnited Btatis Dibtriot Cookt.—Jurybrl-.as,"and3U«Gal.& rhl.Istli.it proper, while the mat-er is unembarrassed 3.(ii« do 74large as a hen's eg<.SurUig Ibe rest «( the day these scenes wure repBi.:ed contractol M« ssrt.. ilus'ed unu Ivroelil tornt-on the so' ject. All the facts called for by the reso- I2U lution, except the reaaona fur the otaisfiiOQ to bring94 ...1.30 94 b B4••lili greater and lew of degreesviolence.leiii-ivlog DiaiDord Reel, es[>eeliilly ttie ofi^rioal am'i'ini. the amount pain theieon. and the present couuition of thework. It was adopted.1 he City Iiif pecor sent a communlca'tnn lo theBoard, stating tont he had antiointed the f<»ilowlneare matiers ofand if you drsiie to b»ve them c.immurd3ate>t,iiThe ualversal sentiment of those gathered in thethe partiesall practicable speed.aeverat weeks toJtreata, whether male or female, was a savage gloat-Ipg over the wou^idtog of tne two policemen, an.SCO 9.1H .CO l<3'4rick O'Neal, correct summing up of the firmed.FourthWard,and Fran. I5 ATnonus,peisou in thispose. But 1 cannot say that 1 would make su-rh ademand for FV>ck and the low " '""' "'"'^•' "•" wages of the workmenbe followed by a train of hearts tbroiixhout aching.»i.5.*l'°/i."7"='','°'''"S''*'"»«e» in a riotous, in- dUlfjai way, thev have alienated ato fUfed that •i,SO«, and af- It,4 COOD, L & W.2d M. 91sympathy, whim at first was theirs.8»£ 8"l>« 96iatney dlu right In.enJingfJr theBosliLTii-ker as Presi lent of the Croton AqiiedU'Tt7 rotICON. Y.Central E.... 70%»fP?»'»'"'e of »al<i force in the productive of Kieat ex.itement and oul"•r>a»'g=^. aAunud'ing to all the better Instincts of our uatu'-e. N'l City insperler •! h resard lo the Street cleaalng 'ather, with wha.ever Innate dignity he may bend t >loo do*'JF*'!:i. Tbe end is not yet.NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.Inspector forthwith 01 the action of tbe Board.mother, however vivid may be her coasclousoess of the purity of character which make her a constant blessing to her household, can discover tba' theseFrom Ike Bonm MBCe our report of the stateEOAflD OPCOUNCILMEN.Tlia STBEF.T-t-LKANIwa CONTRACr—-MB. CAKSa'S examples of integrity and virtue have not sufll-teJ toS^d.y anern.-on, Jhestricle.lorder*and gS"'ne"- bavlor have been maintained on the n.rt nfVh^f.;connected with the strika The nrL/. JL S?Trestrain fiom tbe rorwoiiision of criaie a son who hasBXWABD FOB A arRiiBRta—i!(joiicrio.<r bered hopes, without an agony of heart at least eo'illsstaSt'sSs.'^i?'yeeetrad with muoi, enihnrtMin -rnefr^^tr^h ,f.^calling the Mayor to communicate to the Boird whatHsu., two -Maiibaaiax'meat, and tne B«„dHerald, Feb. 27of thlnu^ «t r w„„——MVX-oiTerihi "tS:;', '^^euponfurther Icplslatioa is necessary on the part of tbe Common Council to aid the Executive o* the City in•ad'HOMalra ta eaaplhBent to them, a .hoe de.ler fromclTinatfad*»«l»»themmanu'aciurers wBo h"e rl^ pl*yed sereralthe traffic in lottery policies. Itscannot be to developedfrom the C n' residence of one ofThe and resolution, offered by following prtam'^le<hese mntlenea. On their return, thev ^, stoppedCounclbnsnUooab,waa 'adopted without debate-tue l.ynnPoor-boose,wheretheBandDUye<l. Tnepro-.1 Ihe list rouldImpart;yet to learn thatcomuletelvBoard. The Board adjourned, to meet again at S P. M. this evening, for the purpose of receiving the report of thelot do contract- The Cieik was directed to tn'orra the City his dally task to secure an honest ilvellhoid, ao' 10» docity has beenb60 70»4 7074bS»7.iaabso 9414 t>611 94»iway.tr.e aad as there Is no list,r'wIoB re'tuoed to Central-square at • o'clock and ayes 13, nays 4:«'*er<js, Tbe atreets of the City are In aa uncloantvgood.In rfspect. however, to the reasons why lBdli:!mentsoa ikrtr anlml, qMaavt^ la ^lice toone, therefore, such a retora'f any member of your Boanl wlabea to kaowto Ihe aaiOQi.t ol ued ai •^,SCO.supt'lledtheyof tbe Mayor recnmmendlog a bureau for the protec- aim todischarge my dutySSHtrala. tkarsayWhywere aalalea wttb tb(lain jail was vert bird.TbuuAt B. MDBFav his also been rcl-aeed fro-n j<I\.DaaisL CLaaa and Patsick Lbi«N"X t>ecaipe suet ei.Moai-ar has properly val-1 1 i«arigr- aoun, bavins eMwnMsMl from jtil on tits re: -g- B zauce ta |4,Uif•< PauimCBASi and Jos.v bstsoa. tnabulactuieKoTLyna. heeumplalned tnathlsiarewlih tbe saiae. Ouegrocrertiweso of ttieItdIusty roollicttng. myJsoo.iou to te eiven to one msn, who cut down thewages of his emi'Inyes to six fihtliings a day ;uidmadethem wbik all night.Alderman Faeliv offered a substitute, reqjesliogIhe City Inspector, Mayor, Comptroller, and Corpora-lion Counsel lo answer as soon as pusti'ile the 'ollow-li'g iliUiri»>talories in Te;;ard to tl.e nntrttct entered iLto t^liii It. A, ^^ lib (or rlcanlug the strce'sSuiTB,for the piisoner.SCPBFIiE COURT—CIIAUBKBS.Citv (;nait4-r^as il»e auihori y derivcl f..r the m jli;! o* thealiejiitl i-(mtr»cl t.r arraii^iemeut ?— order. Sft^as vs. Ufdtnpoad. Same'-. Uiioer wiia' ordinance, if nny, was iiic aiiti,ori*yspecificatioiis, coniuilons, ooliga-ioiis and securities were presented and entered into by the contracting partiFi-?4. V>bowaspreEcntwhentheawardwasmadeand who coi'Srn'td thereto?AldelUleItt;lJi..^£LLaod Boolb opnoi^cd the suhstitilte, ssyijit! intt tile- leroiution of AUIeimau Icohrt cov- eiiMi Ihe whole ground.Thesubsiitu«wasrejectedandtheresolutionof AldfiDisn Tt:i MBT was adopted.An eiman TtoasY offered a rt solution directing the CI- rk ot Ihe Contuion Ct.iincil not tu^i^n any wairant for slieel cleaning in tavor of R. A. Suiru, till utner- wi?e ordered by the Boaid.Aldernisn Barbv moved that it be laid over.Aldermaii LuAhv was asiorif-hed that a Democrat'c Mayor aiiu a Democrstit-. City luf^iei'tor snouUl uniteWbo are to i>e ousted or who are to take their places has not yet transpired.FATEOFINDICTMENTS. DIBTBICT-ATTOBMY WATEEDDRV IN BEPLT TO IHB COUUPN COCSCIL.BsAnr, J.—Jio^tnnw vs. Ckittenituto " Ihe lat es of ttie ptjor.'' As for tk« grindComp- troller, he \v as a Buck Republican, and notoiiiir bet-which lemsin undisposed of, together vvitb ifae date3r«u<>hio Suie6s"ro.i068.i<« Virgra state 6-. 9« le.rou Idiaaouri 8b>te 6^ ii%teo i-oit seo 8080K VMi e.Pffl Brook CltyW.L.u«54O.cno H. Y.Central 6'b. 93 KaN. T Cen. R.7'a.lOII I'Uld be ex cted of bun.ter p' ILautihter.} Il-it firIhe Deoiucrats, who professed such fondneaK fur the poor man, to enier Into such a contract, was certainly stmeihing i.ot tt> be expected.ofsons for hot having brought the parties to trIaL For the frien tly expretslons towards me which were made at that time, I beg the gentlemen who madeAideiman BAnar withdre^fais mo'ion.and the reso-polloe. No one was inju'-ed reriously, hoivever, but lution was adopted (on ayea and noes) unanimonsly. them to accept my thanks3.0(10 gy. Stale «soneof Ibflr own Durrjt)er, whose head was fearfully All the njembers A'dermanSr*Ba wereand I trust never to forget the kind aod valuable aaalstance which your Boardctitopen by a stone which struck him just behind the exceptprcient. Alderniiin Gb>-at offered a resolution directing (he ear. Oae could tiut admire the coolness; the forbear- Comptioiler not to sign any warrants la iiHvment forhas to l.ao Hud. B.R. rA M. 8}H extended me, during the whole period of ray 3,«0Bar F.3d M.Bs. 73aaee aad the courage whirh that liitie b.ind exhibited under flila tr) iLg state o< affairs. Finally they caged tbdr prl>oaeis and lactd the crowd, who, though held at bay, kevt up tlie mostlijcumbency of this office. I have no loformatioaas 10 Ihe disposl Ion you are likely to makeof that resolution, but realizing that your lO.OCO do »i\street rleanlng In favor of R. A. Smith till other wise ordered. Itwasadopted,l.OOeM C. R 8 pel- ct. lstll.S.I.(;.Bds.94H^circumstances,tion of emigraiiis and a rejM.'t(M>ascientiuosly;wereand whea an lie best couise Is doubtiul. I would prefer to leaa toghe ycpj-^orKJ8rimt0, U^mshoQ, Jebnttttg «8, 1tbe number is notnoaeat tbe cars pushed on, and disclosed apon tbe Mr. Wi'Cn i.UI»l tbe'e was nearly 1606 In the Sav- al reward of $2,500 fur the aiiprehentiou of lae mur- have no doubt that It la lar )>etter in someG'eene.lear platform D<ipui)-CDiel Hak and twenty police. io(s Bank beloaglng (o tbe Lynn Mechanics' A^soci- Ceter of Wm. S. Tuers, the Costom-house tounds- jBt^ la AiH anlforai. Tbe departure of tbe cars was ciation, (who are principally card walners,) wnlch man.hopelarge.myself.Ifor a ruh, and la sptta of will bedraxn to-da> (Uonday) anddiitriiuted lo the A resolutioB from the Board of Aldermen directingttaaalkaal oarselres, we, atrtseis SB tt may be wan'ed. Olhercnntribations the not to his warraikt for anv were a nUB.b«r of offices, 1Ha atsiii i lag and Iniiocent passengers, were tbrust are in from differentCi-iDptioller signmorey, lo purse aoce of Ihe contract between btnaseif, tbe Mayor ana Ihe Cllv lns;>ecior and " one S nitl,wbo asked megave me his nsme. wo^nroming]ato Ik* araa of Ike burly police. I tbtts had a good adjouineo to meet this tureaoon at 9 o'clock, 01 ttieit I remembered blm. 1 did no-, aad he he badtne men were reuarksble for toeirgKtherlr-ga' le class o- Ihejourpeyraenrordwaiiiera.rei<i>ect- M.i/d>y wBsai ellgtit'ni day in ihe "Shoemaker'sIpei'itenre. and piooiise of reform. He told me mat he had ano her situation, and aasured me anew that he would i.ever again do wrong. His father was an honest ai.d fa-tbful mechanic, whota I had no'iiad Cluing several years worklag la the shop ofparUes. Toemeeilcig1 recollected tbstopf«(tuilt) o( ob.-ef*lng them. Tbe Chief la a tall, Coiamob, when t-hey wilt proceed to Uarblehead. or Smith & Ck>.," for cleaning toe atree'^, was concur- been arifaied (or defrauding his employer, and afterThe meeting was ctXiducted witti the best of orde-,laimeHab laoklng maa, wearing the outer drees of an and itie was c<imn,»Md of tbe mostare olutionhe had been confined orcra month la tbe Ctlv Prison,fleadUagly Ujiag losltioo, and one which mace ihera ish txcltement lur three days past. In some of the t;NPB08FCUT«D INDICTIIINTS—SAI.A«» Of TUB a friend of mine. He came to me whendtaedaep kiv ttelr rerer«ed force of pluck and reso- chur4-tes the clergym«>n took occasion to say a word LIQAL Aoriska or TH« BOABD. his sou was arrested, t>owed down with grie', or two m relation 10 the "strike," and the excitement aod feeling so keenly bis disgrace that be did not Aattoa. Tkey proceeded at once to their bead-quar- In Lynn for tbe pa>t few days. Rev. Cuablm C. CAt the meeting of the Beard of Saperrlsora yester- want his own employers to know it. It was a case In tosa ai ths Sagamoie House, on tbe main street. Sqaukfokd, of tbe Second Unitarian Socletr, offered a resolutloa wtiieh no eoDSideration In his behalf could possiblyJhulag tbdr prog-ess they were Ireely and loudly ccameated on ; sume suow-oalls and mud werepreached a sermon bearing upon tne subject, day, Mr. ELtmT again directing bo prevented to tbe miod of any man. except tost of which was lisieied to by a large audience. The that Ibe Dlttiict-Attomey of this Comty be lequestad humsnUy. In such acase, 1 tblnkit la much bettertbrown, but as a geueral tblng the demoostratioas were confined tu screuais and threats.Caihollcs ol Mnn held tkeir meetisg at' Lyceum Hall, and tbe spacious hall was crowiied wl-h a re- spectable aunience of our adopted Irisl ftllow-cltl-to report to this Board the namsi of all personsthat the oSiader should be allowed an oppiirtuoity to reform, rather than rirk, by sending blm to a penal insiilutlun, the danger of his becoolng a confirmedagainst whom Indictments were found prior to tbeUpon thetr srri>ai toey were thown Into the large zeos Tbe R>v. Father Swiiit, of Chelsea, oiGiilated, Ist day of August, 16M, and which at this time remain criminal. When 1 am so conviocetl I shall act ac-haU af tbe bolel, and received adepu'ation of strilters.It waa daring tbis interriew tbac I gathered the fol-losriag facia. wbicA threw ll^bton the subject ul tbe de-jBOoalrattODanoiicea above. Iiseems that the workmen Ihe tractsm* n. He thought that they should hare adate of Ihe ln(!lctaient, the offence chanted, and the fice If 1 did not. At the same time, it is due to myselfof Ljan, coDcel'lng their labor to be Ul-rsquited, re- adhred upon a sti Ike Accodlngly, upon a certain 4*7 there wai a unlrersal cessation from work, andta"fceaaes" were notified thatmitll they were will- tegta raise the uriff, there should be no work doneit waa resolved toA meeting at Naitck waa largely at-mittee on CrlBiinal Courts and Police. He defiedaay o«e to prove that tbe District-Attorney was dere- lict in bis duty.Mr. Blurt was opposed to a reference.In respect to old Indictments, It la prober to say tbat I do not propose to dig out work from the monads of the patt. under any circumstances, unless the par- ties accused fieoand a trl si. Bus'ness that was so recent when I entered up->n my office that It might fairly be oihsidered current, shoulti of course be dis-Bad tkey gone no further. Itofposed obligation applyIs probable that their de- miada would bave been acceded to, or that some eOasprdmlse would h&Te been etTected. But the lowarolassof workmen, tbe floatlug population, the majority of whom are Irish, in tneir entbusldsm for-;beiag comple'ely paralyzed, frightened aod In douDt, caaaeoted to the organization of a Committee of Strikers, nttmt>«rlot two hundred, who promised to keep order among their tellows, and protect tbe prop-Matoa't Orricx, City Hall, Bostok, Feb. 21, I860. Ta ilr. L. U. Han, U'frutf Chuf nf Police.anO the ceremonies were iateresting and solemn. IttuyllBpofed of. In wblch report he will set forth tbe cordingly, and 1 thmk I would be unwortay of my o'-beiTig the ^ist Sabbath la Lent. After the servicesto aod ihal I have never omitted to try aa iodictmeathad closeo Svain said that be had a fewrjaber tne words 10 S:iy Sgardtngfair com :eDSatiOh for their labor; enough to keep them c< mfortable and ouutlshment for their wires and oblioien.Post weFrom tbe Boston leara that at Haverhill,reason for not having brought the parties to triahMr. PuBBT moved that it be referred to the Com- not be freely divulged."strike,"socalled, amongfor reason ao far aa 1 amany wblch, concerned, mightnieiefngCity, and their vlortgener-any'-ne or more ofIke lacs they Dad become fully cunviaced tuat Mr.RaKxa. at tne time jf his elec run, was aot a citlzeaot Uie Ui.lied Slates, he havin< takra out his aatura'i-staled Wat these parun. aave engaged ta« beat ol le- ll"» papers f-.-Hn the Cnmiuou Pleas Coait on the oi.e ladicmeBt by finding a new one. the failure ol a gal coui.sel to i«uouct th.ir cates. ... 2(ith o( December last. Tne Oimmttlee lunber re juiy to Bsree upoB one trial, ihe appearaace of pri-$4,000.M r. M oaktv will probably be released to-day.Mea-iB. Wood and Mcsrar came up from 9 ilem In ,10 rt that bis disqualification was not knoum to tie vate feelings in the complaint rather than nav ma'e- of •boemikera ud M a hack »pd leee'v.d iho cungralulstlous of taeU Board of Canvaft-eia at tr-e tim«^ ol their liioi a rial pubilo wrong, arid the probable r.-form uf the ac- Ia<«Bad order, Dcy seen stri- ftieiiOs at Lttterti Hall. giving cuB*d. 1 be numi>er of ualrted lad!ctmea-jt, if a seriesfightiMk-Iha UK o'clock tnta yeatarday, aad incoia' (In t<atiiia«y oeLlng a bifineis meeting of the time In tbe Hoapiial at New Orleans. Toey also »ob- found Bgalost kim He kas been convicted upon rnie,cntnwKikers was beiu at Liberty Hail, which was mltled sn opli(ion from the Counsel, ad- and goes to his Imcnsoninent, while the reinaiaiagpmfmttktorn*tuokaadredoeuideis,rodepeicea- crowded*oItsutnioctC4pacltv—CouaciltaanBowaidCorporadooverse to the right of Mr. Bacsato bald kis seat.The report was ordered (o be printed la the lala-thirtyeightfindafinalreelupondustyshelves,lo dlspcsiig of offences agaioi-t the laws defining crimes, society has two ImportaBl interests to be coe-sioeiedample of Ms puolshmeut as a warniag aad restraint toothers. It is my duty to secure the fartheraiee ofkl»l»If]rm». As «• entered (be d£p6tcroird8 of men,JoBNtii H, Fierlfleut, and Mr. DASLia acted u Secreta- ry. Only one or two cases were reported where aay i.eed waa waaied to and these were at-Aldeimaii Boou offered a resolution directing the action win not be characterized any bywho!e time can be spared, I re- Nineteenth Watd. The appointments were con- ize me to employ a clerk lemoorarily for that pur-neced, andBbadv) to vote for the confirmation of Gideon J.observe theIn terwards »-2 011(1,Eager, Ibe aileyed wlt(ir>s theieto, being sick at theter from Ml. BiBBBlo tbe Beard hU seat, resigningwhich was also laid on the table and ordered to be:indorilpgthe views of tMherangera, parnedMiaied Mayor, subnaitUugam not sure that I alwayson SsturilBy evenlirg,day (Moucay )teided and waa addiessed by Rev. U. S. Babo4CXand others. A meelirig at Sauaus was presided over which it would not be advisable to make public. even with the additional help you have kindly ac ty Mr. A. J Mills and was addressed by Mr. J. Oitr Theiefore he was in favor of referring the matter so corded to me, to bring the business of this office up to LuN. Ol e hundred and nioety-siir of tbe cordwala- that tbe Committee could suppress all that It was not the degree of dispatch and B)stem ( hope tostrike, yester-Mr. Lirru understoed that there were aome mat- ters conaecled wiih the District-Attorney's office«i8 at MarnlefKad had declared themselves la favor advisable lo make public.attain. My efforts, so far, have been in a great measure dlrec'ed, by the vigorous prosecu-lioo of a particular class of offenders, to increase tbe security of life and limb in our City ; and I believe tbey have not been without a rea- sonable degree of success. At no time, however, nave 1 Indulged the chimerical hooe that I could sat-of Ihe niOvemept.got discretion, aiid proceeded from one foolish thine Tbe tr.lli.wing is the letter of Instruction from Mr. KsBRisT said there was a call for this Inform-to others, and finally resorted to acts of riolenee, and Mayor l.l^Cluf to Ihe po.ice when they were sent ation, and tois Board was merely the agent of thetbe breaking of ika peace. Tbe City Government fitihi Boston ;public In obtaining it He had no objection to a ref-erence, but he was opposed to (uppresslag anything. Mr. KaeraEDr said in regard to Mr. Josxpu Bluht, for-A request having been m%de to me by theDi.>tilct-Attomey, his atluiion to whom at the isfy evejytXKJy. I have rather sought to obey the dic- last meeting bad called forth a reoly in one of the lates of my own jut^gmentsnd coij8.:ience. aa a course, newspapers from that gentleman, that the latter was asice from i's inirinsiu correctness, most likely 10 se-SibMayor of L> till for the services of a port'on of our Piilice force lo preserve the peace of the city, as dan-merly:erty of tbe lobabi'aatE. So far, so good ; but In pur- ger is appiehenned giowing out of the present excited not worthy lobe anybooy's friend, and that it was cuie the Bppmval of reasonable men. If I should ua-Bolag tbelr TacUiaiing policy, the Mayor and AMer- neasent to Boston, In violation of their implied agreeouBt with tbe Committee, for Chief Hau and his twenty maa. Hence the reception at the depot, and 'he scenes of violence which followed.Falliag In Hs object, wblch was to induce the Tollce ta rettira to B >ston, the deputation returned to the ciaWrdla front of the hotel and reported the reply. laaadlataly tbe air waa rent with oaths and curses ; Tloleat speeches, threatening the lives ot the men whomraaentdown, the burning of the city buildings, aadather absurd proposltlobs, were made, and with akaata aad groans the crowd left, having first sent Beaeecgers for the brass band.J>uiisg their absrnre, crowds were gathered In and aboot the liolei, dircutslog with vehemence the pro- priety of sending fer the Police force. Two editors of " strike** and ^ fecab'*paper8came to words and almost—awaiop." LookingIromthebalustradeofthehotel,up and down the streets couli be seen groups of m::nand women, all listening to the words of some orator-ical eordwalner, or all talking at once. The windowsstate of the people. I grant you permis-^inn, together witti twenty other members of the Department, to offer your services to tbe authorities.If you are railed Moon to act. It must be under a special commissioa from the Mayor of Lynu.Yourciitlea will be, under his order, to nrotectprop- erly aad li'e, and lo securoef the neace of the Common- wealth from the assaults those who are disposed to violate them. F. W. LINCOLN, Ja., Mayor.[BT TiixsaAra.]BosToir, Hooday, Feb. ST.Six hundred shoeraskera of Ilarerhill, about two-thirds of tbe number employed there, organized to-(<ay for a strike. Tbe proceedings were «rderly.Tbe strikers at Lynn, Marhlehead, Saugus, Natickand other remain also but firm. At places quiet,present the basses manifest no disposltlaB to make the required concessions.CITY GOVBRNMBVT.neresfary for Supervisors to be careful what Ibey said whea the reply consisted of assertions that ware false.Mr. Pcasr offered an amendment to the resolution providing that what was therein directed should he done so far as is compatible with the ends of justice, and so far as the publicity wou'd not retard the trial of parties indicted, aetting forth everything con-inet^d with it so far as the District-Attorney's anowi- eof e extends. The resolution and amendment were referred as proposed.Mr. Twain offered a resolution fixing the Hltry of the legal adviser (Richard Busteed, Esq > of the Boaid at $2,0ro per annum for the years ISSa and 1SS9. It was referied to the ConBiittee on Civil Courts.A resolution was offered by Mr. Dans directing an examination of the bridge over Harlem River at the termination of Third-aveoue, for the purpose of aacertaloina what repairs it needs. It was adoptel.A fx>mmunication waa received from the District Attorney, staling that the iuformnion asked for by the resolution pending before the Board, with reeard to unproeecuted Indictments, was matter of public recoid, except to far as regarded the reason why In- dictments bad not been charged, Hewoull fumisl(onunaiely fall in this last result, nothing can take from me the satisfaction of knuwing. when 1 retire from tbe office with wbiub thepeopleof (bis City have hcnored me, that 1 have done my best to serve tliem falthlullT.*'—— inFOB NOMOMETTOBIPAIDKB.SUITSAPPOINTIIFNT OF BIALTn WABDX^8—OBIBIBTAM> ALHEBUAM DBADT.possible, clerk, without whosehalf drunk man acdressed ablows la the entryknotofftm-lovliii reporters, and the lady bnarders atIbe hotel pressed over the baniiisteis to see what STEIII-CLFANlUG CONTSACT—INFOKHATIOH CAIL- the desired information, eo far as was if theof every bouse were filled with female'wblle here and there a solitary male or female**scab** might be discovered sewing, pounding, or picking at the odorous leklher.Alderman Toomky, at the meeting of the Board snotLer from A. 0«key Hall, E-q., expressing similar cannui publian tbe details of tne crime. Tne case,higher wages.A fcah Is one who, in rpite of the strilie, continuesof tite laboring man, and liere, when he was harderOFFICE OF THE CiTY 1N3PECT0R.The work cf cleaning the streets commenced sel 40 tbe ruling of Jualjce IsaasaAH on the triaL De-to work at tbe low rate. There never waa a betterthe natural Instincts and tendencies of iinreaaooable men. As 1 sca'ed t/efore, ttie Irish clement piecominated, and uhen one t>f ihe Lynn Police uadert.H.k to arrest a man, he was deterredby the remark of a huge sx fooler, "thaiter not try to /wee hliiioff.it woald hilr up the Irishwarminghis seat, he had caused this contract foragain in good earnest yesterday, under the directionCi.*-ion reserved.N. J. Waieibury for the pe3pleJames M. SmithBOARD OF ALDERMEN.operatives, of AWeritien last evening, offered the following views, were referred to the Committee on Crimlna'in its tilal, occupied two hours. The jury iname-dia cotvicted tne and tbe Recorder sen- ely prisuuer,tenced him for eleven years and six months to tbeState Ftis..n. The in the Court c-im- spectatorsu.enced (o anpland, but silence was directly restored. Edward Wiegand, indicted for burglary In the third degree, pleaded guilty to an attempt at that offence, and was sentenced to the Peniteatiary forone year.The Court adjourned till to-day.Tbe Coee of the TIcbet Ssrlndler.The one aTke riBgleaders seemed to be but two.abort, illiy, vacant-eyea, lisping half man, half-ooy, 1:1! tn without eoosultati >n vith or sanction of the Coa:-I!r.xaaed NaPOLXua Wous ; aiid tne other an elleiiy, xoUd<looklig,arilul-talklog Iiitbman, called JuasruCoaaaa. To the suggestions and addresses of these xnee the vast croad palil moft ' franiic obedience," and It seemed to me taat their immediate arrest for iaceadiaiy language would have been bsth proper and Efficacious.A sttUer is one who demandsDr. Liwis H. SAvaa, the recently appointed Resi- K'so/u^rf, Ihft Ibe i;i»y Ir.spec'or is hereby directM dent Physician, appeared at the Mayor's OiEce yer-preaiuble and resolution:WArreoB, Information has been received by membeesCourts and Police.The Board a'jjonmed to Monday.MAYOR'S OFFICE.Tni BKSIDBNT PHYSICIAN SWOBHof this B..ard t* a'.au stlempt to contract theof the (treets ha* betn made bj a certain -o-niina'S'in of Head' of Oci^attoi* nts. at tbe rate of $3 0,000 neran-iLi-n Council, the efore. be itcleaningto rei-ort to 'h-sBoHTd rij the28lh iast , (to-day.) wh;itar'nnijeaento bave been Ktely made or entered into, in teiday, and tock the oath of office. Mr. Ani.n, the rel:it j'.n to cleanit g the streets nf the City, sad what Mavor's Chief Clerk, sent a communication t) Dr. authuri'y existdby ordinaore or chvrter teeref ir.an extraaseisiancelt would be impossible to compile it.Board would give himttbietotwoyearsandsixmontoslotbeStale and Wil.son to two years and two months.Hs would not do so cheerfully, however, for the publieitr would neate many a heart-ache among tbi>se whose relatives had been indicted. The communication, andPiisoa,Ri-cavxti., whom Or. ^ATB£ succeeds, iuformlag lum that bis terni of office nad expiied.The vs. Frank F. Futelcr.—Thia is the PeopleAlceman Tdomxi liad no doubt that the M^vor wasat tJie liottom of this movement by the City Inspec-tor. This mat'er had been brewing for two weeks.TheMayorbadbeencryirgoutthatbewasthefriend STKEET-CLEAMNGCOUME.XCID. Tinsisthearpumenrontheexrep'ionsofhiscoun-) ); 1 have seen au-i-oluiicn presented at tbe last meeting of your hon-for (he Term. Parr ff.— Nns. 4«4 510,550,400. 280. Si»9. 153. 317,413, 952, 3(,», 144,293, 311,405.403, 555, MH,Tfi Ike Board of Suptrvisors:v»TLBUxMropyof apreambleaad375, 219, l'.!l, 414.MONETARY A_FFA1RS.reported In favor of giv-tbem into effect. The report wai the side ot mercy, thoashcuned in,autl'nrliliigthe Mayor tooffered an addition-the10 ci'OtiLue cleaning the streets by day^ work asheretofore.Adjourned to this evening at 3 o'clock.BOARD OP SBPERVI30RS.red in. -Alsodiiectin<City Inspectorlethimgo. without ttial, uoon bis of protestationsNsw-Yusa,Feb.21,ISSO.oiatile body, difcussed, and laid upon the table ; thep.urport of which was to request me to report to youii.e osD.eB.of all persons against whom ind'ctmentswere iuund prior to the 1st day of August, 18j>. J6 006 U.S. 68. '(IS 99sithe Inrlclmcnt, tbe offence charged, ajul the rea-liy spy question;toI shall not fail to comply |with your request, wttntrial,public record,officequest. If you desire the return, that you will author-report cheerfully, for 1know too well that it would.100I4 8OI4ff'tvr, with.wnlchpaper he understood that Cldeon J. Tucker was con- has t>een more surprising to me. since Ihave filled tbls office, than towarmth and tenacltv with whichand Bvn'pathy of affection cluster around the eriitgand that, too, when Uie sufficientty repulsive features doof crime sre blackened by marks of depravity revoit- 13 i>k. ot Commercethe Common Cooncll In the Oailythe length and breadth of thia City. NothingcoHTasrau peat rna kuigraht bdrcau of unceas'ng efforts ani of utin'tm- tieen the o-'jectCPONTnB COMPTROLLKR, KTC.A regular session of ihe Board was held last even-to that which would follow hl.n Ui hli grave. TalsUte'rst Is the e iminal. whlcn lives tbe beart of tbeP'.ren', descends gradually t&roaah the host of near-er and more distant relaUves ano friends, until It IslostInthecodIndlff'resceoftheworld; asthsrip-ples which circle nroond the abiss where a atoia isoast the smooth surfai;e of the sea, Snilv de InloBWBV in its Immensltv. It Is no eiaggeratloa to sly that there Is many a case of a furgivea youth, the rec- ord of wbo.se only act of crime is in an untried io-ing, President Joms In tne Chafr. Councilman I'lacxasT offered a resolutionbreaking upwas moved and lost, hy a voteadoptiondlclmen', whicheye wlihout an extentIn his welfare, utterly dl^prnportloned to the widest giBlfica'ioii of poblic cuiii ally that the publleitlonfor I haveIt could po&slniy accomplish any maasflre of realcould not be itlveo withont an examina-ion of eaittdiAwded. coii*i|-it.D, owing to the no"« asooso'ene»s of theThere Iselnaso reaaoa for a longer stay, Mr. lUss weailier. the want o* funo*, and, part .-aUrly. ioatt-n- have hut hf en tried, it is my duly to sav, that tbeyasiiembled bis polire force at the S4i!«m>re »t 5 o'clock, and, ma'phf'ig to the d<pdt, took the train for bome. They were follo'«ed by qoHe a cm «d, but ih«tioo i,n the hurt of the City losmcior's liapartneulooandoa of tn« nut^i'1p^< was qutat aod rasoectfui.lo ar>cisl du'les ahfolu'ely precludes os from giving.a!nmrorrlernlogcasestaey would beN..t iM or a gioan was heard, and tba scene of their.la a oaiy presumpuve.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069anil Wftrria*. a oropo^ed agrteinent Las lately b-ien en- ter»-.l into hv c-rlaln Puads of UeptrliBent. withoutamlinip. the atreeU of the lity for theday. •ienl'.lMrersco'ild hiveb-^n emp'oye-t;case liy myself r>rmy axlstaais, which wouldt.r(300.00(1:and Inasmneb asno sushprecedenUntitled Documentof 9 to10.ofmiserytothe public those Interesteiour llrne majoilty of tbeexierdwhich the require pres-ure of our ofi-a ulai IS net tad. For TArkMll maa- eanaot tte ai«4a. Bit,nrky the iadicimen's are not trted. If Be will call Bi ihls office It wiu gtrrtne ireat pleaaura teaatMj him luliy.1 he la.Bois t> hy tadlclrani% a'e not tried are yarl-o«B, and among them are the iD<'uffi<:leBC< of lea 1to convict, tbe oeaih or absence o( wir.tiebses,tbe (allure to aiiestthe party ch4iged,thesAii8'actioa s<-.u'el Of ot.e convlctioD of a party agoiast whom a nuinier are t-eomi g. defeciB IB the iualclmeBt, the superseding ofthere interests, and Ib the of tbls IForcsse<, especially where the offence has not been made public, not to proeecute tne offender. Forinstarce. a lew days tlrice, coming (Mitof a building where therewas met by a maa youngbut (he same does not to that which bad become dead. 1 have not been able,cbsrsed, iird m'ltion cenied.Yours respectfully.NELSON J. WATERBURY.I.A.W BBPORT8.General Scaalaaa.EZTBA SB88I0N OF THB COOBT—UBATT SKNTIVCIFOB A TABBIBLE OCTBAOB—BUBOLABI) SEN- TKNCED.The regular February term of this Court expiredonhimself of the provisions of a recent statute of theLegislature, ce'ermlned to sit during the preseatweek, for the purpose of assisting to clear the CityPrism of the large number of its occupants whichare Uft there tne recent untried, notwithstsnding protractea sessi'not tbe Court of Oyer and Termtoer. James Johnstone and John Wilson, Indicted for burglary In iha first degree, pleaded guilty to that crime in thetnlrd degree, and were sentenced—Jobn-Saturday last, but Recorder BABKAaa, availingPatili-k Laughlio, aged 43 years, was tried for a fearful outrage t-n a female child, aged 7 years. Wecase o* tickei-awinttling, tried in tne Oyer and Termi- ner a few days since, and which resulted la Ihe coa- vit-tiott of Ibe piisc ner.vs. t'nrfeTuwid^Mntion to granud, with (10 costs to abide event.galea at the StechDeclalena*—ALtlW, First Baptist Church, of Brooklyn,J—Motion toplace of trial gianied. with $10 costs, to abide event..aoay www.fultonhistory.com 