 enrand Correspondence froB the Sontbtof Three to write to him and room where a "Tuesday. Alreadyijenator Ivxrson, of Georgia, was charged a fcfv weeks ago wltL saying that If Lisoolu should befOL. X—NO. aH68.THE DISUNION MOVEMENT.PRICE TWO CENTS.Dispatchesperfermer introduced himself In theIt is conceded here that South Carolina will secede. not on the bills, be was hissed «tf tte stage. Shortly while the blooded horses excel anythhig of 'Jie kind fice undePrehsidmensth,ould be "outlawed and killed." TheSecession Meeting^ at Mobile andprevent«lvilwar,isand Charleston.Tkc Proela»ttiOB«f 6<T.Uteher CoBveningfor the Northern States tothe packet boat Tluoitire L. McGiU, I noticed thisincident occur, exhibiting a similar spiritThe bar-keepei, who, besidea being somewhat of a/hate moccasionsUji, private convertatiort, apolcino/tt (ihe outlawing and kliling), as one of Iheptam oftheTirgiflialesislttnre.then called the attention apeelmlOpera-Scpvhlican, is elected to the legislature from one ofthe Republican Maryland electors. They strcmgly advise firmness and adhesion to the Republican Party and principles. They ask no favors from any faction who opposed Lihcolk. They believe their doctrines"Theysaid he, the right of any sovereign State to go out ofdicate in that,the most hopeless Southern districts. ddcred a good joke on £gypt.This is con- J. H.lieve that the latter portion of it, at leant, is true."Some badly liighteued individual writes as follows tion. I Imagine, no State-rights man will gainsay.First France."Much solicitude is fell here lest some of the South- em Senators should absent themselves from their46 miles above theof conversation was theare fighting alongside of the Imperial troops, andSecretaryheart of penmanehip.policyover the city gates, alongTka Feetdoa af TlrslBta—Tke Froclaaiatlea •rG«T. I^tcher CaareBlag Ike I<eclalar-that place, uiscovered in the cabinshis slaves 70iEfe Presidential electi-^, anil announced their determina-,nd cooperate with the Southern States, irref^Ktctive of party. They compUmentedand|ijeto-l0A NEW-YORK, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 17, 18fl0.ffime^.should she choose to dissolve her connection with the other States.At VJcisburg, Miss., there is a strong disunion sen- timent prevailing, whicii finds expression in ccrious trifles. For instance, a few evenbgs since, a concert-after, passing up the river tram the last named, TheonlyremedytoslopthedissoIuUonoftheUnion on place—men, women and children, all arc of one way of tiinking, poUtlcally, and thtt Is for .«outh Carollni.This afternoon 1 walked out to the grounds of the Slate Agricultural Society, whose Fair commences onwithout the deepest emotion the conceenences oftuch a war as itay follow secession."GEORGIA.A BLOODY AND SKCTAL PROPOSITION.INTERESTING FROMUon to abidet,yCHINA ForcesBY THEM.abolish the laws repudiating Northern nullificationof extract, from one of its norThe merchants of Baltimore are getting an unusual number of orders from the South, as also manufac- tare—Tke Klckaaaad Free*— Geaeral !• turers to make Palmetto flags. There ia no hesitancy to trust all Southerners if they want credit. Already many new Southern merchants are purchasing goodsstand of aims—bayonets, am- forimmediateuse. Thisisthe floats Imperial flagAeattaaa.Gov. LiTCBXB issued bis Proclamation to-day •aavenjng the i.agialature one week earlier than he at fiat intended. The tallowing is the Governor'sWhereasatflielastaeaaianoftheLegialatorea*a M^ lalshcd condition fei want of time to oonptete toe aaac, and whCTsas rince that time a contract hasPBIFASATIONB TO ABM THE STATE, ETC. CoicMBiA, S. C, Sunday, Nov. 11, 186<K—P. M.in this respect on account of a special object he has in view, viz: the filling of the vacancy created in the Supreme Court of the United States. If be sends in Judge Black or Calbb Cushikg, either will be reject- ed should the seats ou the aouthem side of tlie Seoetehave the short shrift which is their deserts."The Picayune relates the following incidenttroops Inq>e-peelal Diapatck to the Haw-Tork Timaa. Rioxaeas, Friday, Nov. 16.rial master. This is an that could occur anomalyexcites notion w as the consequence. The show-case was a violation of the principle of non-interference,.; liiWiipiiiata<>MwMlfJ!»Wl»»a|WM-wa^^ttii*^QlBfm i»*aM<> IWcMpnaaMiMbardpressed,hetookrefbgebo»Cakealiop,which icbei*comeandtakepti—unlBnoftheChineseWMjBffV8taa ral rinttn tiongresa of tlu UwUta States wktn lltetf,LrgHlaWWhere." Some arotmd a discovered a nowhere else than in but here itfor the completion of the entire several other speakers, and the greatest enthusiasmgrow flagpresenceiiEcx's boy was badly beaten by the crowd. When Settlement. If the reiielsIhete oircomstinces were explained the ircvid di>- city, the Settlement too would be in their pertod." and the power,and force to the agreement so made—andscribed.ern Guardian, was also unfurled a large flag with a lone star upon it. Across the main street hangs aVIRGINIA.^of Hon. Hiirar A. Wisx, andThethere is a quantity cf stoak onThe Visit of the Rebel to Shanghaiindorsed the course»PPOir.<ed a Committeeext'^d an inviuUon to address them at an early day. air, Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," which was but the cattlegroundsarelarge and well fixed up. the ground,the FugiUve Slave blU. Is as bad as Southern secession.:humorist, has an eye single to business, find- io social hall,The Bank of New-York has received anatural TheUnionMeeUnginyourCity,lastnight,meets ingadullcrowdaaacBklsdaroundMs1^ anmlhe interior of the State of South Carorrxistunct to tkr ruu a Black ofwith general approval here. The Convention, it laviolin. He atonce afree OfienedmnUd aettft ^fkt from « Kspni/icaRat Richmond.The Lynchburg Virginum, to-oay, has Hon. Mr." I deem it athe Board ef Jltrectors of this Bank) to say to you, thatdecided, villi meetduty (unanimously approved of by thesonounding under any emergency that may arise, this bink will and to be condemned antt ostracised universal GraphicBOTCiln a tight place. It publishes a letter to Hon. crowd of latereatadof (saOeiaen, principallyought public sentiment.from tha a new tane," ilfcsto trvm the Maryland em Rights Convention, in May, 18il. which he asaoied them he had recently learned tonot countenance the repudiation of, or refusal toany note, draft or bill sent here for collectioa by tiny Noitbetn Bank or merchant, but will discountenanceRepablicans. INION INDICATIONS FROM VARIOUSamazingly." Havingthusexcitedsomecuriosityhe ofset. He"TooMBs'hnd Ivxasoii are working together to the Whensame gloiioua end, and their great hatellecta will notPOINTt.die." Almoetas soon sake commenced, a dirty-booted th«m. "fall to make thedeep impretalons upon public heart. Saturday, the 18th ult., Shanghai was in a sute ofU and getting Torn, convicted of murdering his wife's sister, was they hang a lum for going it akliand ilre all over in a Southern blaze. thet^Strange developments will be made, and we trust gloriqusFetulM will foUow.visit of the rebels.During the day it becameSPIRIT OF THE PRESS.5p»cial Siipatcb t» tk« K«w-Toi* TIaas. SrtiKsnau, Dl., Friday, Nov. 1«.The city i» busily prep«ring for the jubilee of by the damning influence of liquor. All should take of him."TMadcrnext. We mre expecting a great Inrasionof warning by his awful end. The criminal was quite to the tastes of the Arkansas and Missis- This Bank never will."inthegroes and the lower classes of wliites.to-day hungpresenceofalargewould havefire-engine, and said in aRoman Catholic mission'BoeoB informed the crowd that the punishment was your Yankee Doodlecheerfiil, and died without a struggle. sippi element, did not seem to go down Soathera nem excites little remark. Business re- Gen. LsTOHxa is a thorough-gotng Union man, and with some persons belonging to St. Louis, who madeBome stronR Southern and State Rights revoiutioos In bustle and but it was not the the Senate. activity,bustle ofWMe-Awakes.Mr. Tvoainuds Iifs halel tdhoestni'mte btehecocmeentre of a aquad of trade. The only business attended to was prepara- listeners, too ultra or ex-treme in his talk, he will do good. There is some tions lor defence. These preparations had been danger, kouKver, of his losing ail modtration, and be- on for a week orin qpite of the cataclysm. The Bank opposed to dissolution so long as the State can main- op a smallminority of the crowd, and a general fightNEWSPAPER INDICATIONS. FROM WASHINGTON.-Bain* lirely appeared to be looming up. The axcitementjbegan toCommissioners arrlTed here to-day. They will proba- tain her constitutional rights. The news that he had as discussion intenaifySpecial Diapatch to the Naw-Tork Times. BAinMoxi, Friday, Nov. 16.Senator TiviniiiiL is in town Tlsiting his brother-ia-law. Dr. Jim, whose raajoHtr of seven for theState Senate secures Tevmbuu'i reelection. CuWs, The Patriot, to-day, contains a manlfeeto from of tfie ambitions project of Pbttus and Davis is in a thlrty-faveelection must not be submitted and that the South- to,Taliditywhereas in conaequence of the appointment of Elec-tors, a majority of whom are known to be favorablet« the election of sectional candidates as Resident andVtee President of the United States, whose principlesand views are believed by a large portion of the ly favored secession. Resolutions to await the ac- Charleston, with the resolutions of the town-meeting,Souths miAfter pointing out the disastrous effert which im- gered. This art aiit, with our present knowl-people of this Commonwealth should take into con- Southern centres sideration the condition of public affairs 'and deter-secession while almost flags,Or, If that c nnot be attained, there will be trade a danger staring us in the face. Why is it that, morepr*fiiablefortbeSouthwiththewholeworld, withoverayear'snoticeofthewarcomingon,includingtheNorthemStates. Thereisnonecessitylor if tlese most interested our Government have but two sloops and oneminecalmlyandwiselywhtactionisnecessaryinJom I^btcbsb, Governorcoat.The bill calling a Convention was passed unani-that after they shall bavegot an extension of the timefor the of their New- Vork indebted- payment largeness, thty will be very willing to conBent to stay in the Union another year.are unable to meet their New-York paper. They can- }urpuse uill, we believe, give peace and a better sys- ern suburb, demanding, at the east gate, admit-this emergency, therefore, I, bypaper*virtue of the authority aforesaid, do hereby requireBeingwhat familiar with the itaolts of the Southern people and with their pccsnisry as well as their political the Charleston resolutions reached here. The elec- concltion at present, I think I am able to assure youpecuniary sufferingwill but seek, uy manly and decisive counsels smaUt gun-boat in these waters?ae Senators and Delegates of the two Houses of theGeneral Assembly of the Commonwealth to conveneat the Capitol in the city of Richmond on Monday,the 7th day of January, A. D., 1861, at 12 o'clock M.,to legislate upon such subjects as they may deemecesssary and proper. JOHN LETCHER. The EnquirtT, this mopiing, publishes a long com- municationfromaNew-YorkDemocrat,onthe lights of the States and the difficulties existing be- tween them. The JSn^rtr reviews the eommunica- tioB. and thinks the sentiments and opinions of the writer a fair specimen of the theory of our govern- ment which prevails among all classes at the North. Northern pollticiana, of aU parties, look upon a State «f the Federal Union as nothing more than a part of the American nation, with no rights, no remedies, for its protection in enforcint; its rights, orCarolina and Georgia is 10Illinois and Wisconsin,mously by both houses of the Legislat^ire during theand action, to preventthe evil action of segregatedNorth, was taught by H*iniTos, SioaT, and KiHT. and is as distinctly different from theWhat will be the attlon of Maryland time can only:The Enquirer thinks that the Federal Government has no light or power to coerce seceding States. Whenplanters in the State, members of the Legislatuie.then," he adds,and upon her head let the consequences rest. threats have already injured the country enoughquestions or to harmonize difficulties."constitutional rights," shall be seised, whether it be in traiuifu or on deposit,for the genera! good it can wiihdrkw Irom the Confederacy. It says it ia Buch legislation.repair specialState, both for to-morrowthey at Viafter her in her destructive career." can be more in a Southtm;It deems act of an.StatesConfederacy than they can he the Union. Others think their seaport towns W'Uproperly or improperly.bei^g constantlyIf the Federal Governinen:former for the arming of the people of .HisslsAlabama. The largest town meeting ever held in Columbia North Carolina fhould take in the crieie. Af- the Kew -York of the South, and Louisville is to be a The notorious Col Ward.cannot be intimidated. According lu tiiei-^nruin^r'sin present liiile frontier town, exposed to all the evils of h^n"ns^ejilioonstructloo, the commiinicauun is a of pirpeonMuantitles. Passing through Memphis, my way upHouse, and speeches of the most character spiriteddetermine, not Southoftheir Governor-General, snuglywill thereforeto the Federal (.ovemment, Ninth CaroUna, by aeees- sicn, removes herself beyond your sphere of action.Virginiapurt: Black Rcpubllcanisin. but it pubii«iio,. it fmic jitrsc;!:-al considerations.The Wliig, illovershadows all others, and that In its naked form it is tion ol South (-."arollna, and play second fiddle -o theas ilic he.-^d "< ""<= "' "''''"enquirtT to-d,-iy. from tbe Chicago Democrat, o' the gth Inst., in««ilting and outrageous, is like pouring i3iol or. fresh wour dF.conlempluouslyvotes. The Bell and Douglas lolet have almost rl Inclose a copy of the prayer, not knowing whether Is a small word comnosed of only three lr:ters. w-a-rConvention,her Legislature doesobjectionable,theypersist.- in nerring theTheCotton, however, Is beirg sent North In unusual was gatheredoembers to address themselves iu sucli <lto become thorou^y intormcd of the sentiments andviews of their constituents. It considers the coming lackofsession the most important one that will ever assena- 1st Marti,, from which th>bie in Virginia. The H^Jf will know better a mjutb York capita. ]i their only reliance.kence haw to discuss the subjectmanner jisdate,subject theyUnion in thesudden move-3;and Missouri, 1 per cent.eOUTBERN CORRESPONDENCE.piodutlngmatter ofaliowiugthls protecting property againstthea of 18th, large bodyrebels —Seeeealan Meetiag at Mabile. MoBiL£, Friday, Nov. 16.streamerbearing uponit the names of Messrs. Ma- ri main in the House of the Representatives duringRichmond Ljcunu.ier Let Virginia go into counsel u-ith the other Slavecertainly thedefenceofthecity. Br.i then we may well be a.stouished that, with thin horde of rebels so near us, they left so small a force for the defence of so important a position. And^till more may we be astonished at the con-A meeting of all here pariiestluee muiiths from the 1st of December, with the in- tentun drelaied beforehand of retiring from theVirginia and her citizens, theamplejustificationforunanimous- tion of oUier States were voted down and withdrawn.6RATH,CoLcoK andCoNSXR,theCommitteefromNatklng New fMm Georcia. AuloBTA, Friday, Nov. 16.to-day^ BsBtkeraandWestern.Honey.LoDisviLLi, Ky., Friday, Nov. 16. The bankers" rate of discount to-day for Southplace South : Wasbihston, Nov. 12, I860.FEELING IN THE SOUTHERN STATES. ITSSSASE OF GOT. BKOWK, OF eEORGIA—PR0F08IDThe (act is that the drought, during the past season in the South, has so shortened their crops, the cottonGovernmentto be a entirely managed bysouthgates,and met with considerable loss.Theyfor the preservation of herof the Stale or todamages which may accrue to any one injured bysuredm*,landed large supplies of rifles, revolvers, dred thousand dollars. It Is supposed that the Legis- and a Democrat wltual, who is worth prospect until it is luite enchanting. These border selves by liiring all the runaway gentleman,find, andAc,both at Prentice, Miss., and at Memphis, Tenn lature will finally adjoum on the 14th, to meet again largely over $ltiO,000, remarked to us the otiier day sluvi States are to play a secondary part in this grand men, and foreien vagabonds they couldt'.i. time, 1 was furnished byof tiie Ch.imber of Commerce,shipments Nortli thus far in the season, and discoverhas equaled eighteen;levolution, the Herald goes on to deny that the Government ol the United States has in any way in-States, then take..,.r.> -viinnii.„ Her.covered,perrent. Tlierettlr >ei)pieuf th< t^ojthpressing uponthem to supply the announcedwill nit look at thepresent stale of ment,apparently,advantagesof the TheirSouthernInall the churches allusions were made to the unhappyshould be atte:nptedornot,thtcouiiii'tingi-^an actualnecessityneither repairs doer."thewrong nor pllni^hes Ihe wrong-;the Committee bearingwe now see of such a only dangeran of trade Septo-daysays ":crowdofne- Rev. Mr.euchered," expeetorated as much tobacco juice asligations. Icansafelysaywehavenosuchhyporrit-it.patedknown that at aabout ten miles from the had been murderedfrom this CHy, under date of the 13th, to the Constitu- HmUbc Mew at tke MattsBal Capital—Mem- foanded in immutable truth, and reiterate all the formerly rabid against liim for an undoubted change of tion :farmed,and iscomposedofyoungken ef CoBirew Begtaalng t* ArrWe, Ace.to the Vaw-Tork Timet. Wuasrwton, Friday, Nov. 16.Ve have had no demobstrations vi an; kind to- day touching the Southern excitement. The dty is •emparatively liulet. (Several Helnbers of Congress have already arrived and taken quarters. Willard's Hotel opens on the 24th.W. Raxsom Caibouh, of South Carolina, who re- tamed In the Airittic, to-day resigned his office ofof the United States Legation to ^^^^^^^^1 consider a separation of the States inevitable.entertain no fears of the ultimate safety of the Uidoa, individuals, who are not only willing, but anxious to it since \hVi. I do not believe that more than £:,iif of lii'^nicdlate separationSpecial Dispatchand repose an abiding confidence in Lixcou's wisdomand conservative patriotism. They nronounceSlavery a moral evil, and oppose the Gov- Uimat upon me, that I might carry them North, and Will be a general lallure of merchants and mauulac- the Scottish tori ers orferred an amicable adjustment:having neglectedstudy^ stocks depressed and unsettled. The banks have plenty of specie, but do little busi.Yesterday was one of the most excitingloungers fancy-store China, Lincoln medal in a stock of fancy articles exposed forsale by an American, and an immediate demonstra-Money is stringent ness.A larg Palmetto toeeheld, and facing the speakers' stand was a large tran-daysfeelingofsurprise. Itisdenounced,however,as;W. Chaxustom,Thuraday,Nov.IS.demolished, andevery available spot in the State Capitol had its occu- the election ufAaaAHAM Lincolu, can remain in Con- joining store. The crowd got ladders, stormed the uponMass Meetiag in Ckarleataa.tills which I lease to th* kiure, and poor Rsibxck, bearing threats of rope and now going on between the insurgents and the Tar-"Weil done, good and faithful servants."Company for the sale ofits entire line of improvement Mayor Macbxth presided, and made a fine speech. it, and underneath, the significant motto CrescitkeenenteredintobytheJamesRiverandKanawha sparency,with all its franchises and immunities, including the R. N. GoBDiH addressed the delegates. Senator Poa- Eunda." The motto Is intended to express confidenceinterest held therein by the Commonwealth, and tkb'b speech caused prolonged applause. There were that the lone star of South Carolina willon in- quiry that the boy employed by Ribbbck and a boy iuUrgewith stipulationswork, and it is necessary that the contract if approved prevailed. During the day cannons were fired asahoold be ratified by the General Assembly to give flags were raised with Colonial and .State mottoes in- Southern Confederacy. From the office of the Soufi-of the obnoilo is Lincjln in the Rei- heap.city is necessary to the security of theI have recently passed through nearly all theSouthern States and can report to you the generalsentiment which I found prevailing. You have State desiring join,of the negroes in South Carolina, Georgia, and Ala- giniaaloofand leave the StatesfurtherSouthto will first have towhat South Carolina intends doing, and that is to dis- solve the bonds of the Union wliich were forged by the blood of our Revolutionary ancestors, and stand as threw off the As the fiat has gone forth preventing and suppressing injuries. This theory had been concocted by a United Stales Senator. Mr. from South Carolina, people here are all anx- ef our Government, which pTevaile at the I iously awaiting the action of the Southern s^;atc>.and In are toBos- to manage this ajfair alone. bama, many Mississippi, mortgaged* «ton, New-York and Philadelphia.If you can tell me how long it will take those per- KENTUCKY.easily gone and entered tlie settlement without opposition.todoubtless seen the Message of Gov. BA0W!r,of Georgia, in which he recommends outvaluing Northern meninthe possibility of turning the defences, by an ad-within thatStatc. This is inwliich Hon. JoaK Foxbtth declared in a public speechfi ee and untramroeled as on the yoke of English bondage.the borderby States,Ivxxson denied it so far as he was concerned,—leaving Iagainstbe dragged into any such movement. The editor eays turnfugitives'aves. TheDemocratproceedsthat during a recent visit to Virginia, he conversed " The secession movement is foimded on reasonsquarter. Happilyconformityday theywith a schemeenough to profit by this in the Stock Board, Ac.F.and that the latter, which alona have a right to complain, sec nothing to be gained byMr. Toor, the Secretarymade. Everything said and d jne breathed secession in fact, if a Carolinian were to say he a as in favor of the Union he would be looked upon as a madman.whole movement. Let the borderca.-e <d ihemselves, for their Interests aIII not be con- tldertd by the extremes.conspicuous 1^,T'"d w iK-h came noar end-forcingprovbions ii.ut wii! fall upon them before thesudden,infact. Itisamat-under another commander. actual number of rebels before Shanghai, have no means of ascertaining it, but it couldamounted to ten thousand men.ti.e .'-L'CiS^ioiu.-t^The voi<c of I.vuisianu ia i;c,::d,'<llvthe wliole of theirfrightenedit or not. Episcopal peoplebanks of the Ohio,only usingsentiment ha-,, as I have informed modified consiJcrably-mucU more because of theTo-dayt-earlyrespondenU and a conseqxieat lack of buaineas, brought out a Una:>Tc'o^SS^'^&S^^'Zfr'^^.S^^l^S!, / do not hetitaU tawtf, that in my op4nioa, any South-emmanuhoconcert, prdading his performance with an air from "Ifoiaa." He''duringserved for a stream from an antiquatedand I know the Judiciary ofTkmincrease In strength until it becomes thehad possession of the safety of the community might be endan-afternoon, someBut to return. During tlie afternoon of Satur-thearation as mu^t occasion interruption be- day,tween the sections. There is no reason for a fail in suddenly on the southern side of the city the side »tocks or a suspension of credits, or a depreciation inmoney, except tlie uncertainty and danger produced oppositeby Virginia and other Northern Slaveholding States,hours beforetion for delegates to the Convention is to be held onand theat Columbia on the 17th. This Convention will make short work of the matter, and South Carolina will walk quietly out of the Union single-handed andthe 6th of December,Convention will meetSettlement. of They were,There are bills before both the Senate and House;The chief in tliis'secefsion captainsmovement haveThis conduct shows tlieir friendlygreat anxiety foreign"payVr. RicBXXosoir, oppostng disunion, read at the South- State* of Arkanaas iad Misai^rip^iv toThe New-Orleans Picayant, just to hand, states play, and wUch he had n« doabt would " tickle Uiem every inilmatiou of the kind, and force.to the full extent the 12th, that it Is Impassible to tell which way thestruck the weU-kB«wa atraiaof " Yankee Doo of the law, the protectionup against our own citizens who may l>e indebted tothat a petition, with a large number of signatures, iscirculating there, requesting Mr. Douslas, while intheir city, to make a speech on the important issues of gentiemaa from tk« latetlor of the Strie of Hacken- We have understood that the insays:"To hell wi'Ji we dont want any nore of;la H>atten^t being »here, and ratherhigh key,city,a Jesuit preceding night,is arraaiilaa the wlrei and will manipulate thejust, tnough he was brought to Ills present condition Yankee Doodle down our way. Keep 'TaAec to collect Northern bills oi notes due by' Southern We nid iniiaealt to ascertahi the strength of the Doodle' for the North; we have had Boeventntaa yet, though it has some little force.;'battery.thewith a number of the boys in hispaore. Barricades were kly call upon the Banks for additional secorities on called the Legislature together caused a great excite- manding to hear the air, the other claiming it should of the difficuU es now exibtiog. Under tlie head of The Atlanta Confederacy takes 'Jie ground that Mr erected at the extremities o( all the streets leadingaeeoont of the depreciation of Southern stocks. There ment amon^the Carolinians. not be played. It was only allayed when the bar- ""LmcoLii'a election is unconstitutional, because it was efiected by States which have nullified the Fugitiveto the Settlementand these were now so far com-advance in Missouri.LiHOsui preaerres h^s position of dignifiedI have not seen a blue cockade since election- keeper, staying his hand, volunteered a treat allurgedit is Lui impi obable that when '.he votes a.-o counted itas to form aformidable obstruction iitto a sli^t^Hr,glance.clearly before the people, that no reasonable manveryof such a foe as theHe omslders that his sentiments are go—gaatkera MeTckanta iamightre-ltoiieo as ceitain lor him would appear to have been given for \\ u. 11. iiiwAap, and the eiociion, after all, be thus thrown into the Hoube. Until the ballots have been sealed and sent ou hfie, it is considered that itLOUISIANA.The New-Orleans Delta publishes a letter writtencan misapprehend them. He sees no necessity for flutkermanifestationB.Repaklieans—Baalaesa Matters.ex-Gov. Hibbxxt, to Col. E. G. W. under Bdtier,S. AdTlces froaa Sfarylaad A Maailtesta fraaagood feellagvotingday.rebels, who are chieflytke Balttmsrc—progressed,partyde-suggesacomingtoorabid/orround." He attained his object, foronly restored after many drinks bad been had at the expense of the contending fa:;tions. The incident is trifling, but it terves to show the feeling among cei- tain classes.vjtts, Slave Law, and extended the right ofto ne-the oneThe ranstUittiun Rumors," it says :a highly original solution that were Mr. LiNOuvi to makea littlethe stomachs going ofthemasses.''do preciselywhich the followingRepublican President,Unwarrantable Proceedings of the Frencb and EnglisbiAtMemphisIreceivedacommunicationfroman wouldDeunwiseinMr.Lincolntobreakfaithwith 'predictingstockade, ground, gateway ift sand-bags lying near them in- case of attack, they are to be thus strengthened, and made secure even against field artillery. The defence of the barricades was com- mitted to the volunteer corps, which had just beenmyremarks,heretoforepublished,as to the state ofconservative BlackKepubllcanswhoaresaidtohint in cost etsatiou with cuLfideutial friends that, M the votesofKew-YorkwerecastforMr.Sxw- ABD, it might be the best ana most eflectual settlementof the present difficulty.We give the rumor as we heard it, but cannot be-with thecentre. PilesofandThecontest between the Federal authorities and the Stole officers of South Carolina. Then only the young hot heads can be relied upon to enter upon a figh'.ern States must go outo/the Union one by one, and sec what ofAtr sovereign power there ia under this Gov- ernment that will dare say, shall not." 1 claim,havingfeelingthere.onlychanceforthe'carrylngoutIn Tennessee, the reputation which the President elect has for Jionesty is made the excuse by personsproposi-Col. Bctlix in a note to the edi'.orE of the Delta, says :the paternity at the door of Mr. Toombs.1 understand that a bill has been drawn and will olina want the descendants of the Old Maryland line with a good many Intelligent persons—with Bell men, purely selfish. The principal men engaged in it havetell, but one thing is certain, the people of South Car-than toget possession of the Chinese city. Wher-theory of JirFxxson, MASieoit, Mison. and Tatlox, be presented to the Legislature responding fully to with her. 1 overheard a conversation 1^-day among Douglas men, and Breckinridge men, and saw but two not acted in the matter for the first time. They have ever they met with a foreigner they treated iiimwhich is held at the South, as though intended for a separata and distinct people. The Enquirtr hoots at the idea of U»e North coercing seceding Stales, pro- mulgated by the Northern Press, and fears that the animosities engendered in the two sections will end ia civil war. The Northern Press is fulminating ani- SLoaities instead of making an effort tosome members of the Leglslatare_u.--I%ference to the who justified the contemplated course of South Caro- this to thissuggestion. Itprovidesthatanyrnanwhoshall opportuniiyit out—an only opportunity theydo notcompare with those of Maryland, elected Southern men who would hold of-I have ever seen.ANTI-REPUDIATION IN SOUTH CAROLINA. said any such thing, but he says"cardinal points of the Republican platform. They opinion. I can pobit you out any number of patriotic We have a panic in Wall-street to-day. Nothing like secession, the compact lieing broken, I woiiid advise men employed in the various mercantile establish-a certainname of a man who wanted my aid in chirographySouthern Statt s in the present Congress,asking forPost-officeappointment, in the ,The Cresci nr has this paragraphin his to youthful daysSOUTH CAROLINA.thecity,ever known in Columbia. Banners, flags and streamers were flying in every direction, and long before 12i*'If 1 could believe in the possibility of peaceablebut once sever the bonds which serve their country under bis lead. The city of Mem- the ten-million loan will be paid in. The piirties here unite us to our Northern brethren, and in the presentments.The assistance of such apliis is fiill of just such patriots, and had I forwarded will lorleil the amount already paid. Nobody will excited stale of popular feeling, a border war mil com-wasbody by no meansthat the people of that exposed metropolis are very much concerned about the action of the Legis- latuiesof South Carolina and Georgia. some.a sectional .ACTOFTBILIOISlA^rCBX—SZEUNOINTHBalone.ThegeneralImpressionhereamongthemem-cropparticularly,thatSouthernplantersanddealers fewStates.AunionofalltheSlaveStatesinone passedonaroundthecity,andoccupiedtheeast-—WIST BCSIHISS, COTTOIt,bers of the Legislature—many of whom, bye the bye, will be returned as members of the Convention—is, that the new Republic of South Carolina will treat with no State desiring to join her, while said State re- mains a member of the (Jnlted States. Any Southernreliable to the whole coun- one,AC.Ca»o, lit., Sunday, Nov. 11, I860. ,ellef at their own banks for the reason that tem, they have eihaustt d tht ir credit there already. Vou try.because a more3'ftf only method of producing disturbance of se-not gettance into the received for answer a city. TheyIbe w hen I tell may surprisedshower of Had grape.should think some of your friends might oe sharpmed no Fugitive Slave law since they are pro'.ecledday o'clock. The State isdelivered by steamboats plying doubt pass. There is very little difference in the two jViidlorwhat? A miserable absUaction. Should an b« enhanced. They getting Mexico ar.d Shangliai, protectionthe^ attempt be made to execute t-hese threats, men now Cut^a, and Central America, ana hiilldlng up a great bayonets, had been for some time amusing them- say on the rivers. The steamer Bel/ait, as its C^aptain as- bills, both calling for an appropriation of four hun- wtaltliy will be reduced to povert?. An intelligent Southern Confederacy. They have dwelt on the sailors. Manila-otherfor the oiher/States to CoTernment,wiieiherorIn regular session on the 26lh, when It will remain in Secesiionists, Virginia win rcsis! to tlie last. She sippi—the latter for transhipment to Montgomery, session untU after definite action of the Convention.had some grounds Carolinaacta ernorofAlabamaandofGov.Pkttus,ofGeorgia,are pointstosuppressinvasion,andthebillswillno cnt.,andsoonotiierpropertywillbegintodepreciate, hadcheaper,whilsttdhreeparmiceof greatstaplewill wallsof undertlie offoreignlastnightfront of the Congaree ter remarking that seces;lon Is the question which1, cality. Keniucky U to be subservient to thesua"mhbi-a under Walkkk in Xic.ra.ua. has madewith a statement of theproclamation, convening the Legislature, adviset uie that from tlial port the increase, as compared with At the meeting last evening loud calls were malt for jsutorne,das a remedy for supposed or real injury Inflicted, their calculations. Thereimsalyittlegdroeuabtltythmaitstthaekyeanrein 'n|'rX..s-hiss.s-er.v.icesbtyo.lth^e-Alm-e-ricceaonfCtohne-co-nmenting upon Gov. Lbiobers" sces- is a wholesale hari-kari,' a s;,ecles of suicide whi.-hlaht5«a>on to the same'rebel-, ^,ilol tin: Amencan flag! I oiler wai declined, but that some ofSenator Chxssdt, who had during the aftt rnoon sent inhisresignationasUnitedStatesSenator,butitwasoffered i-,;rthepr..iectio.ithat he had left thements in different parts of the Slate. The meeliQuand New- was kept up till midnight, and was of the most enthu- siastic character.has been a most delightful du/.I mu*t «iy that some of the RepabUcau papers, by greatly increased majuritic,. that have a:tended Re- differences between the North and the South. In the tled by the aibitranien; of the swoid.'.Sun "with an obstacle In the fact that Texas cannot "I! aOn Sunday, rebelsI'Jth,Monday, the 20th, theby reason of theEpiscopalsr.pcies of secession," it adds,'it requires no p-opbel toThe progress of the sceesrion movement mtctsthe walls, but they made noand Div,in-onists tt .^read itto theyou,TEXAS.Ion' writes from Washington to -Jie Bali"." ;tfcehr scurrilous tone regarding the Soutii, are making publican su ^cesses, and no leu soI'nion men Di'iunlonlsts. An aricle, copied in tlie small pturalitieF by which BR!:tK,H„t..;B carries •.-.h the Bishop of the Diocese of South Carolina was foretell. Some chivalric 'Carolinian' might heretwoof the t'outhern states as suitable to the occasion delivered, give him their electoral said, and sermonsTheBieeting to express their indignaJon of the late fordb.'c detei li-.'ii .if r.r-n'.l, Carols, i w ithin ii.e I j,i. „ order, fur they are all on tlie tight for Southern r chts cr, I' is specially reserved for those who can regardcan procure, did They plantednot theirThe students of the University of Virginia held aunion,Baptist,-,iL^i». tiiBtimThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069againet dis ; '.'lio'sf ;'.i;rc ..n (c;c]h.s ihor. aiauisi trieprevailing'anyonetestimonyIyou have with Interest]reUgion here is the riCfivod, mightpurpose secession. henate. WioSAU., It is said, wlfl retain his seat in theShould he resign, as It was repc-ted that he would <io. Gov. HeoBTOS would fill hie place with a Umon aaii-cityto fillappoint-excliei^eni. is not11 lii.i•' Churches the new prayer ordered by Andwhat evils would follow in the wake of thistheir commercial rightspopularcurrentmay finallymanymore merchants have resolved to repudiate their ob- trrnbllng,lawyers are,the day, and that he would do so. sack, where the tee is taken by the jkck, ani where towns, refusing to collect Northern paper, and that bomb-thelH here which will startle the tlinid and the greatest excitement, on account of the antici-eal bankrupts with usSouth Carolina will raise their strong arm against It has been intimated that the banks should also refusemadecoxeitll, M /arm great Vnion Party. Gov. Jounsohstation, missionarythat one-half you nearlyinjury to holdprivate fortunesfortheyplun-g. z.Senatorsawfittopublishacard,denyingth?.theever :NO ATTACK MASSletter,lend money on Viiiied Stat-s securities to-day. There mtnci* V Ate A will be unequaled in its horrors by those ofsuperfluous,for the force of the rebels was esti-to LiiioeLit one-half the communications that were tke Frenchpresent Congress. I believe that some of them will do so. Mr. WiaFAti. constantly proclaims his pur- never to return, and Mr. ToovBa can scarcelyEsq., a law)eruf this city, who has a plautalionat—AN UCITINO DAT IK COLUMBIA TBI LZGJSLA- keep hifi seat while South Carolina and Georgia are munition,——Tiy« rKOCUDINGB THI CONTENTIO.N BILL intcrchanaingcompletethe report as we got it from seemingly entirely relia-pose 4cc.,with those of England and Prance, at the very mo-electedParty, would be no better than a Black Republican,President,upontheputforinoftheRepublican byOne ot the editors of the Atlanta Locomotive, a fiery Southern rights Journal, writes from Miiledgeviile onand then cen»ureb wlilt>e heaped upon tilm becaus« he did not make the nomination t>eforeband It is cifficnlt to see bow a Senator in favor of thetuwsd by a crow4 •! two or tkrM huadred. BeingLe vacant;as the owner of the stando'clock, the hour at which the Legislature meets, sece>Bluii of his State from the Union, on account of a rush was made at him. He took refuge in an ad- termination to act in referencempantFromtheofficeoftheSouthCsroltaiaaoneablepi«Bwbo theSouthintl>eNirtioual laiiq>-poat,te«keswayeadriAdownthestreet,fol- tarGovernment.Whynot,itisasked,letthesentativ'ea—was unfurled a large new flag with th« foeitivn mintend alt Uu tame to assistwas toon surrounded. Fortunately a Policeman and establish their rule in it ? caire at tills juncture, and saved the fugitive bv city,old Colonial device of the crescent emblazoned uponbrtalcinv up the Uovem- Senate, will Uiey not answer the question put toup It was discovered taking bim to the lock up."mgiesa. Theicla alogic lepreMntmmint ? if they take their seats In tho ilouse or theIn that case we should have peace, and trade would go on asusual.To tlJs it was replied that the possession cf theForeignthi bythe opposite store had joined in a speculation in po-tlieir adversaries that Republicanthey and and can it be possible that those who may be selected as justices on the Supreme bench oi of the tlie United States will agree nitn the Southern se- cet^eis t It Is a common remark in all circles here, that while Senators Cbisnct and HAHuom, ol South Car- olina, announced their determinatloB to resign, no such iniimaiiou has come from the Representatives in Congress from that State. Do these latter intend toonly remain tliere for such a purpose;litical medals;and that they knew ntithing of thesons to get an extension, you will be able to tell very The Louisville Democrat talks plainly of the dis-how the disunion will continue. 1nearly long panii: union question. It tells the Cjtton S'jites that theythe arrangements for defence,carrywant of water in the harbor of Charleston, when one lina, or who believed that the bare fact of LiNOOLR'S have made th,:inselves. The pretext of equal rights iu ment foreign troops were firing upon theiu fromaccept office under a Republican Administration of the number remarked: "Why, gentlemen, Balti- election was a justifiable cause for secession, or what the terri'ories is shallow. 1* they coald secure an the city wails. Several foreigners were acciden-shall be virtually outlawed and his property confiscated. It also provides that the property of any citi- navies of the world. On inquiry, I learned that the Tennessee and Missouri will not follow South Caro- thing. Slates will do as they please, and they know ofzen of any. State, not a Slave State, or of any Slavegentlemanlina or the Cotton Slates outcause Is given than the election of a man these SecessionlsiE have no remedy, and proposesion-houses at tlie southg:ite,State wliich shaU enact and enforce any law proliibit- compromise ing the exercise of the State enactments of Georgiaweightier " to the Presidency to whom they were opposed.*•none. A grt at fuss is made about Slaverv .'or aLet yearor two Ina territoiy, and there it is all to'end. It ist.^ ask us tc be-and one of the most influentialSouth CaroUna take her own course, asking us to bejleve rather too much Her lieve this little matter a gr^t affair.:The same paper says elsewhere mcannot be denied thatsaid to be well provided with arms already, yet the '•Already {>*€ effects of disunion threats arc mani- be the great marts of trade which now goes p'-iuciral- of complaint against us. Tlie Tautai, and the not the Federal Arms and ammunitionpurchased by order of the Gov- Legislature appears determined to be ready at all festing themselves. aWi frees have goat dcivn 30 per ly to Northern ports. They think slave labor can" he ensconsed within theWe predict that in a few days they will letoffa fewto- school, by This sentiment, liowever coagenlal can be made to favor such a dishonorable proceeding. willBotlndorBeit, and we look for him to introduce a band of rebels. In the Foreign Settlement all wasenon^ merchants. I do not entertain the opinion that they Hon. B. U. Hni, we have good reason for predicting, gether" It has beenwas any ptibiicwtion b^'ore;the iUtctora kave cast theirbe found that some of tliose which are now groes.pletedthe wayarmed with spears, pointed bamboos and short knives, with here and there a musket, matchlock, orThe barricades are a kind of acquaintance I had made in Jackson, substantiating the Abolitionists. There aie some few of the so-called tion of Mr. LiHcouf, ex-Gov. Hixbibt says that the formed of heavy timber, driven into thebydate of New-York,Oct. 23. Afterthe elec-jingall.the Union, with or unthout cause; and this;Revolution. Let us, mated at from twenty to thirty thousand men, turers in less than fourteen days, and then let the therefore, aw al! im overt act on the part of the incom-ernment legislating it into the Teftitories, post them in UUhoi'ihe' would have been robbed of Black KepuliUcans look out for a tornado. 1 look Dsr ing Administration, and when longer forbearance has against which we haA but fifteen hundred^ men inbut are willing for it to exist where it now is. Pri- vate advices from Columbia say that a prominent New-York Captain has offered Gov. Gist to aid South Carolina, at the head of twelve himdred New-Yorkers. The Governor said he deprecated fighting, and pre-but if it was neces- sary he would fight to vindicate Carolina's rights.much time which might be more profitably spent upona suspension of specie payments by all the banks of the Clpion, and such a prr^stration of tiade as this countrj' has never witnessed."Relative to the question of representation from the"ceased to be a virtue, call a Convention of these Siarc- *o(rfmg SfsTM, and such others as may Choose to co- operate with us, and calmly decide upon what is best,all, llngU^h, Silths and French, and only one small English gun-boat, besides a Frencb frigate, just out of dock, and unlit for much service, iieing stiU dis- mantled.Aside from the means ofhis There is Inaugural.reason for ttat fearingjustmany undeserving men have eent him letters, for Iwas a few days since asked to write to him a letterunder the trying circumstances,our and honors." lightsfor the:protection ofOccasion- al" writes as follows to the Philadelphia Press :"Antoula, iu St. Tammany Parish,has been made at Pontcha-dofence,topicalarming discoveryscalB during the short and cuncludiug ses.tion of the on tue line of the Jackson Railroad. Alfkxd Hxnnih, fending the Chinese city. Here, it was said, theyofthat is 70 muskets withcivilities and for outof the Union. Mr. Buohanah indulges some feeling AboUtlon villains, and if caught they will doubtless deadly conflict with the of the samepreparatiolit going ble author ity. Of course this is the diabolical work of ment while, at tlie Pei-ho, they are engaged in:fmediate secession would have upon the interests of edge of tlie charaa«er of tliese men, issome of ideas of South-will be no ruinous revulsion in trade. The present duct of the American Minister and Commodore, in man in the may contain the key to the present movement in the all can llv honorably, peacefully and safely.while a short distance further down the Ktreet is an-other streamer, emblazoned with the words " imme- ern chivalry"diate and separate secession." From places of bcsi 1 he Auburn Daily Advertiser has received the fol-States, assuringStates to be in direct hostility to their con-stitutional' rights and interests, and in consequencethereof great excitement prevails in the public mindandprudencerequiresthattherepresenta'Jvesofthe Thereisnothingofinterestfromimportantnetsandprivatehouseswereflutteringinthebreezelowingletterfi-omWashington,whichitthinksConfederacywillbemade.oneunderw.'iich takingawayeveryAmericanman-ofwarwithsucheverywearseitherabluecockadeorablueribbononhis DzABSix-IperceivefromtheNew-YorkCityL'nion on ihe 4lh of MarchProbably existingyour?I hiladelphir lawyers will be able to answer this qiies-them of her fixed determination to have security for their common property and rights, either within or witnout a Confederacy of the States ol North America, and there will be no war. Theretion,and to haimonize It withriousto in this State is Vir-been intent on dering the Foreign Settlement, and murdering the foreign residents, they could have onand noThe Raleigh Register, atier arguing very forcibly secession, for by such a step the Northern Stales tions whatever had been made for defendmg theNORTH CAROLINA.secession, says that North Carolina will not would be entiiely absolved from all obligations to re-authorities,prepara-.fherishtU this purpose for a long lime, and seizewith marked politeness, and that even at the mo-equal share of the te.-riterics, permanently, there.Maryland, Kentucky, tally caiiglit in tlie midst of them, but nota wordwas heard. the doors of the mis- Onand of the Roman Catholic Church at Gi-ka-wei, a notice was affixed, warning their soldiers not to enter or injure anyforeign house, on pain of being beheaded.letto arm the and are th* order of the In i.er iiot do more mischief by draeglng other States reasons more substantial. The politicians think they tainmore has a harbor able to contain the combinedis the same thing, revolution.would be some sense in it ;but they propose no suchIt. reproachwho made tiie remark was a descendant of a Majylander who did yeoman's service at the battle of Camden,—that he was one of the most wealthyof athe Union, unless They will exclude slave property if they desire, andoc-The Wilmington lltrald discusses the course which tht juitmiasure of their conceit. Cha-leston is to be cupied by the rebels, to attempt their recovery ^'-^^^- '''"'und take carewas more than half :t was on the 1st of August." can.uhilst ••luth I'arohna politicians are glarijicd tothat he dl1 not think the value of his property now uchiivnntnt,ofthemselves asbest they sending tliein forth into the io«ns and villagessimplytheor oppressed South, and says thatThese Southern States bebut thousands are in earnest on theThe Heriild regards peaceable secession as imt>05sl- ble. from the nature of the case. Whethe.- coercionthe managers what they have long Intended."Iintertsts v^bich would arise out of secession could only be set-weliardiv h.vve;will and that is the end of It,' b.;t the reply which Kossctube made with equal propriety in this case, viz., that Hfli has but fur letters in it,' and if and I should think they were of the kard- shell theiels partof that region warmer than ano'Ji-Theref.iresingle tainly most amountupon firing, accordingUntitled Documentuse Kossuth's and " w ar arsument, sayStatefor fifteen months.tht Union at present. Gov Hocston will nit tali an eitra session for the of Senatorwe"- employed present temper of the people t" do As to theter of calculation beforehand, and the are,._.providedloop-holes,aabout 100 of theNarrative of the tions on tbe Pei-ho.From Car Own Ooireapondest. Sbahshai, Tneaday, Sept 4, 16M.the steamer left with the last mail, ottcame up which the foreign Powers have expressed their de- to the contesttliecourse, fired upon by the English guards at the,however, and dur-to attack. It as not meei does not appear to be cert.Mn tliat they fired aTexas cannit g""«'"/shot in answer to tlie lirethem. Cer-ForeignStrangevance through the eastern suburb, seems never tohave occurred to ourapproaches from thissay,for us, the rebels seem to have come with no other olijectthe chiefof the Allies in de-to main- relations with Powers for itreliableto half a dozen shots.andthewere content to show themselves beforeattemptappeared www.fultonhistory.com 