 4WHOLE NO- 8687.THE PRESIDENCYTt* WmmmphiainheaalfofDouglas,hadanotherfracasthismorn BaHMal CMwe^ttoB lag with some of the Baltimore men. Notwithstanding the vast eoagregatioB of fighting elements here, the a n - iens are not oaessy, reposing confidence ia the efficiency of their present well organised police, who have becomeOurSpeclatlWasht*a;tern Oespateh. Wasmaovos, June 19, I860.Mr. Colfax reported to-night from the conference com mittee of the two house* an agreement oa the Homestead bill. It provides that any person who is the head of a fa •airymayenteranyquartersectionsubjecttoprivateen- try of the odd numbered sections of the. surveyed land not oflered for sale, and by occupancy are years, aad pay- meat of twentyfivecents as acre, can take the title. AllLetter*ness could now be introduced to the Convention until the report o f the Committee on Credentials was received, and he understood that the committee would not be prepared toreportimti!to-morrowmorning. Hethereforemoved that the Convention now adjourn.At the request o f the President, Mr. Stewart suspended the motion for a few moments.Tbe l'REsn>K>T stated that the system of organization was adopted at Charleston which required the delegates to obtain tickets to secure admission a n d seats in theis that a compromise will be made by allowing a reissuingofgan, and Phelps.TBS FTSAL AWOriUOIEST.It i s considered settled that Congress cannot adjournTHE OOVODB REPORTS. Mr. GcxiJEV reported in favor of printingi—•.I—1 """i1"11"— ~ ~THE N E W YORK HERALD.«PHrWWHWPBI% 1P» **kr#W ^^•w**w» TMfwenMAWWHO WILL BEWf/^0!0l0t00t0^0Uf0^Mftt^lf^tt0l0'^0^TlrateiMl Bolt if tie talvtst ia Cue DoifUt it Rfjteld.a^^ynm^imiiwinwwEtKMtrttBttwetit&*Dtitfat**aitThe President called the convention to order at 5 P. M.Mr. Fisma, of Virginis, desired to know atesate mem- bers of this Convention are to be excluded from this hailTheHouseconsideredtheSenate'samendment*tothe Navy bill, and tKW-cooeurred.asaeat ethers, ta that a p - propriating 1300.000 for coal aad naval denote oa t h e bthmns of Chiriqui. ^ ^' Becest till seven o'clock. EVENINGSESSION.IB! AFRICAN SLAVI TRADE.Mr. Boxtun asked, but failed toobtain, leave to intro-duce a joint resolution that s o long a s the United States governmentpursuesthepolicyofreturningtothecoastof AfricatbeAfricans captured by ourvesselsofwar,the IvesidentprocuretheconcurrenceoftheBritishgovern- ment inreturning themtothesaidcoastoathesam terms and conditions as those which may be captured b the British navy, and that ia case tbe British govern- ment will not enter into a convention for this purpose thePresidentsignifythewishesoftheUnitedStatest terminate at once the eighth section of the Ashburtolatidpiifd Dvels.M W M M A M i M AButnoaa, Jans 18—Midnight. The Committee on Credentials have been in session most of the day. Their sessions are private, and they allow each party claiming seats fifteen minutes to present their cases. It is said that the committee have resolved to admit Mississippi, w h o comes regularly delegatedwithout contestants, and to reject Florida, which ia un- accreditedtotheConvention,and Texas,wherenocon- vention has been held since the adjournment of the Charleston Convention.The Arkansas ease was taken up and presented by Col. Hindman, of Helena, for the Charleston delegates, and by-Mr. Kara, of Missouri, called tbeattention of the Pre sident to the fact that a portion of the delegates from Georgia didnotsecede from this Convention,andtbe questionshouldbesubmittedto theCommittee oaCre- dentials as to the rights o f the non-seceding delegates of Georgia.OCB SPECIAL BALTIMORE DESPATCH.i > » M c w , Jane 19, IMS. Ike greet meeting la Monument square last night w a s addressed by Messrs. Mors*, of Louisiana; 3covell, of NewMr. Hooper, of Madison, for the contestants.During Col. Hindman"s remarks be designated the Con- Convention. This system was followed out here. It was earlier than Monday, the 25th.Mr.KELSONofferedanamendment toprint100,000co- pies.This was lengthily opposed by the democrats a s con- trary to the rules.The amendment was then agreed to and the resolution adopted.THE PACIFIC RAILROAD, ETC.Mr. Gmurr reported a resolution, which was adopted,to print 25,000 copies of the bill and report of tbe Pacific railroad committee.The design of this is to have Southern delegations ofsome kind in the Convention, in the event of the secedersanally withdrawing. Thus the Convention could not be weapon, but the friends of Col. Hindman immediately sailed sectional as to the complexion of its members,Tbe Sicilian[From tbe London Times, June <5 ]whatever it might be in its platform.A minority report will b e presented, recommending thepreventing him from using the pistol. spoke, and one has made a motion to adjourn, which is in order. (Laughter.)Chairman National Democratic Executive Committee.The other counties of bis district were 1,800 democratic On motion, W a. BEACH LAWRENCE, Esq., was called to volted against the constituted authority, has in this case)the scale either way. It was the vote of New York struck the offensive claase from Church's resolution to-day.Tbe Regency in the New York delegation is split aboutDosgriU}. Cagger, Caaaidy * Church go for Douglas at allbaaards. Richmond wants to drop him, and take up Sey-mour, if the Booth will only offer him. Richmond, who is apractical man, Wants to secure the ascendancy inNew York State. He says Douglas cannot be elected, apparently created a reaction amongst the latter. while Seymour can. Y et Richmond and the majority ofnow well understood that there is hardly one-fourth of whole of the Soule or Douglas delegation from Louisiana, the delegation original Douglas men; but they are merely and that then all the other seceders will refuse to come keeping together till they see what may turn up about in. This may after all lead to the nomination of Douglas. their respective favorites, o r some man on whom they A difficulty o f a personal character h a s occurred b e can unite. They expect in this way to borrow the whole tween two Virginian delegates, and a hostile meeting has strength of Douglas when they want it. But in this they been agreed upon. One of the parties is sapposed to be am likely to be mistaken It is probable that they will Mr. Yost or Dr. Mafctt a Douglas mac. The name of the to morrow vote for the unconditional admission of the other is unknown.acceding delegates. The particulars are carefully concealed, but it is knowna contract to tbe Choctaw Indians. LIGHTSHIP AT GALVESTOX.Mr. HXXFBTLL, (dent.) of Texas, presented a resolutionand W. C. Pell, T. P. Mott dm Isaac Lawrence.These gentlemen, having been severally proposed in the order of their election, were unanimously accepted by the whole convention. It was then proposed that a Commit- tee on Resolutions—the mover being Mr. Philbin—be ap- pointed, which was agreed to. After a brief consultation of this committee, the following resolutions were read toKing's officers have issued to tbe people and from their despatches to Naples, we are prepared to learn thai the) entire island, aristocracy, middle class and peasants, arej carrying on a war to the knife against the royal forcesVarious and contradictory accounts have been received! respecting tbe state of affairs at Palermo. It seems, hew- ever, to be certain that the troops were still confined to> the citadel, and that Garibaldi held the town, so ss UsThe delegations from t b e Eastern States a r e diffethat Mr Pryor was sent for as a friend to one of the meeting is arranged for to-morrow from the fact of theWas taken up.tlali, sad I am informed one gentleman slapped anotherArkansassadMinnesotadelegations,wasreferredtothe romialttee.The following changes were then made in the Commit tee o a Credentials:~Brntley, of Delaware, l a place o f Stoat;Mama,ofKentucky,iaplaceofWood;andD.8. Gregory, of California, in place of Dudley.Mr. nouurs then renewed hat motion for a recess till Ive o'clock.Mr. McCoos, o f Ohio, demanded a veto b y Stoles, s a d the Convention, by a veto o f XMto M, agreed to adjournia the face.Thaleystone Club, who are on here {rota Pbiladelthey might more a suspension of the rules for tbe mtro- duction of various bilk.sn,,J?' * J*f»-)«**'»••****»**•»«**termfaatmgcommittee or Conference on tbe disagreeing —.to the Army bill, that they had agreed to the appropriationThis shews the spirit that prevails.the terror of rowdies. BogerA.Pryorarrivedtoday,andfoundthathHplat-form weald not answer, notwithstanding sundry amend- mrets, his candidate being checkmated by the action of the New York delegation.until five P. M._ 7 EVEKTKO1081017.oftTta^WlbrlSrtlaesaioBBT^^"*—•**"*"***absolutely necessary to adopt such a regulation, in order vention held at Madison, where the Douglas contestants to prevent the seats of members from being occupied by Jersey-, Power, of Pennsy tvania; day borne, UeulOen and were appointed, at a mass meeting, and said that not more those not belonging to the Convention. What could haveSERIOra BX.VXS8 OF MR. SCHWARTZ.ethers.The defeat of the obnoxious and cdfeneire proviso of Mr.Church, of New York, to-day, la thruwing obstructions in Ike way of the ndmanion of the seceding delegates, it re- garded at a victory over tbe Douglas party, and sa fore- shadowing bis final defeat. The Committee on Credentials •re mostly Douglas men, and will, it is believed ^report •gainst the admission of the aeceders, or rather propone a s follows : —To reject Florida a n d Tex- as, admit both' sides from Arkansas, s a d also the remaining now seceding delegates, of Geor- gia, and the bogus delegation of Alabama; the Mississippi delegation to be admitted, but her presence not desirable.for some days, and to-night is pronounced in a dying con 100,000 copies of tbe reports on naval expenditures, with without restriction to.the hall r The hall would be filled dition. He has suffered much during the whole Congress the evidence before the said committee, to be printed andevery second Tuesday. For the homeward passage the) first departure from New York is fixed for Tuesday, tie) 17th July, and the first from Boston for Tuesday,test ofJuly.The London Times city article of June t Bays:—The decisive and rapid success of the Sicilian straggle, coupled with tbe advance on tbe Paris Bourse, caused) firmness in the English funds. Turkish stock rone full* one per cent, in consequence of the news that the French) and Russian governments had agreed to an independent inquiry by the Porte into tbe situation of the Christians iu Turkey. From Bombay the prices of government securities are again less strong. The rate of exchange)than one hundred and fifty persons were present, and that resulted but confusion If geutlemen should be admittedMr. KELSONoffered a resolution to print 20,000 copies ofMr. Schwartz, of Pennsylvania, has been seriously ill the report of the Committee on Public Expenditures and the 10th day of July, from tjalway to Boston, and so oatthey were not all citizens of Arkansas.In the course of Mr. Hooper's reply he pointed twice orthrice at Col. Hindman with his fingers, and alluded to him as that man"' in a manner which Col. H. considered insulting, and he struck or threw the hand of Mr. Hooper away, as it nearly touched bis bead.. Mr. Hooper then proceeded to say that "the statement made by that man respecting the Madison meeting is false—unqualifiedly false."Col. Hindman immediately stepped in front of Mr. Hamper and struck him in the face a tolerably bard blow, and then stepped back a little and drew a pistol from the pocket of his pantaloons.with strangers. It had been found necessary this looming to change the tickets of the delegates. The gentleman from Virginia, in making such a solemn appeal to the country, was only appealing against a necessary regulation. If the Convention will adopt some other plan for regulating the Convention, it will be most acceptable to the Chair, for it will savediim from the most arduous and unpleasant of bis duties.Mr. Fisher and Mr. Randall resk/but the latter obtained the floor and called upon the Contention not to cast any undue reflections upon the officers of the Convention.ADsutOATSsaidthathehadbeenatthedoorwhenMr. Fisher endeavored to get in, and had pledged his honor that he was a member o f the Convention; but the officers had refused to admit him and rudely thrust him back.Mr. FIMIKKdesired to make a statement.The PKERiDxyT.—The Chair reminds the gentleman that he is not in order.bound together. He wished it sent to the Committee on Printing.Mr. BrmNBTT objected.Mr. KELSONmoved a suspension of the rules, which was disagreed to, there not being a two-thirds vote in favor of it.two hundred and forty heads upon one sheet, includingcontesting and sitting members, and tbe Clerk, now onexhibition intheCapitol, is the most attractive featurehere, and is considered a wonderful achievement of pho"tographicart. ItislikelytobepurchasedbytheHouse, siasticmeetingheld MondayeveningattheheadquartersA duel between the parties is expected a s a matter of course, but it will probably be delayed uutil the Conven-Committee on Credentials, stating that the Committee would not be ready t o report to-night, a n d begging t h e Convention to continue i t s session during t h e evening. (Loud laughter.)Senate.WASHINGTON, June 19,18dO.siana.Caucnssing has been liberally carried on to-night.The Douglas men have made a tremendous rally, hav-ing been in consultation all the evening at Reverdy John- son's mansion.for a lightship in Galveston harbor. DIVORCES.Referred.The high tone assumed by the Southern delegates and their loud denunciations of the New York delegationhasThe bill to authorise divorces In the Districtjof Columbiawas passed.THI GKNERAL APPROPRIATION BILL,ETC.Tbe Legislative Appropriation bill came up, and a Com-mittee of Conference was ordered on disagreeing amend-ments.The Overbad bill same up and was postponed.- naavpttrauc reusrua.tbe convention and unanimously adopted:—fc. Whereas, in the present critical juncture in tbe politi- keep them within their works. An armistice was agreed! cal history of our country, it is imperative that all Union upon until a reference to Naples should determine; loving men and sound national democrats stand forth whether the King waa willing to agree to tbe terms to proclaim the truth that is in them, and to main-tain firmly the rights of tho South, which have been open- of tbe capitulation. Tbe King, who, for tbe tunc, ly assailed by republicanism and covertly by pretended in spite, of agitation ta the capital, seems toTbe talk now is that if the Southern seceders are ad- mitted it will only lead to new difficulty; that they will then put on arrogant airs, and bolt after all.the New York delegation will continue to vote for Douglastill the South or the Convention offer them some man theynan accept. This, says King Dean, will be my standpoint,and I will stick to it till the Sooth comes to terms It is York delegation may uphold the report admitting the inveterate old sinner against Jackson, addressing a lead-democracy; be it, therefore,Resolved, That apprehensions of disrupt ton in the Con-vention th be held at Baltimore, where mock democracynave been buoyed up b y the hope of French or Austrian intervention, refused to agree to the terms which were arranged on board she Haaalbal. The assnte- tice, which was concluded on the 2Sth of May, was oa the2d of June prolonged for ten days more. This delay will hardly alter the position of tbe combatants. The King of Naples has not many more troops to send, the position of the capital and of the southern districts of the kiagdota being taken into consideration. On the other hand, every day will add to tbe strength of Garibaldi. Hat troope have be«m hastily raised, and have been only once under fire. They form but a small portion of the islanders who are flocking to his standard. When the taking of Paler- mo and the confinement of the troops to tbe citadel be- come known, the insurrection will spread, a n d numbers will join the patriotic party who, if the victory had been gained at once, would Lave remained quietly at home.Indeed, unless the King's troops are largely reinforced, tbey must be soon forced to surrender. Confined as tbey aretotwoorthreepointsontheisland, andwithoutthe means of obtaining even food except by sea, tbe contestIt aectns more.likely now than last night that the Newrent. They are, for the most part, enthusiastic parties, and he arrived here to-day. Rumor says that a nomination of Mr. Douglas for the Presidency, or.that Ifor Douglas under all circumstances. Tbe same motive influences them as the delegates of the Northwest. In tbeir'local elections they believe that with ibe name of Douglas they can do better than with any other, because his opinions approximate more nearly to tbe anti-slavery sentiment, and because be can, therefore, take away votes from the republican strength. This is the very argument, however, which renders Mr. Douglas obnoxious to the South.ThereisnowonewholevotegainedagainstDouglasin Massachusetts, and three in Vermont, which WMbefore a asit f»r him. while it is expected New Hampshire will s u e be a ur it against him. So says Paul R. George.Tbe question pending being on ordering the previous 4sm*rai-xe<l. an.! that it will desert from him by degrees, question on the several motions respecting the admissionfrom the Charleston Convention.1 have written no such letter, and expressed no opinionhad been faithfully carried out.Mr. HALE, (rep.) of N. H., understood that the con-cannot be a long one, even should the Sicilians not takeIt is veiy iv Went that the army of Mr. Douglas isMr. POLKproceeded to show that when the overlandThe danger of republican success, growing out of our mail was established on the Butterfleld route it was a MISBJanet Bell, Mr J B t'arruthers. Misses K ut;d A Wolfe,exaft the Northwvst, which, like Napoleon's Old Guard, will <taud by him to the last. Among those who will fightitoutisJohnClancy,ofNewYork,whoisworth any do» u of the leaders who aro working hero for the Litie Uiast.It Is probable that the hopes of union and harmony will •e disappointed, and that the followers of Mr. Douglas vol msMt <at his aominatiou in some shape or other, andmere experiment; but it had grown into an enterpriseunequalled in the world, and the revenue from postage onthat route bad increased from twelve dollars per month totwelvethousanddollars,thereceiptsforlastMarch.He did not know but at this rato it would soonpay for itself. It had never failed to make Paul Blber, J Koiiiflnul, Alex Bouetti, P Bonocalet, Mrs llu-•atioti!'. then tbe Northwest will secede. Mr. Barry, on reached by the Convention refusing to order the previousforward, if he had not other good reasons for supportiug Mr. Lincoln. The Union party he considers too weak to ek-ct any candidate or establish any princi-"lande that the rupturecannot be healed, and that all hopes sf harmony are at an end.The Northwest only numbers sixty six votes, and if itW d « there will sfffl b e more than two-thirds left t o1 U B d e r •a*** a nomination. If the Douglas men SeoCJ*9an* circumstances it will skew that ttsty were detet. 1 ^ 4 to run him. whether be get the nomuat ion or not. mthislatofVM" Mr Burry stated what h e said lastanrht w thesrowd wkoa laHit e a far a speech, that heConventK.n.Cries of ••Granted," <Granted."Tbe PaiwiDExr—The Chair will understand consent tobe given to modify the resolutions as proposed.Mr. timeout— iu pursuance o f this agreement, then, Isow withdraw my ameudment.Mr. Cavnea—And I withdraw the latter portion of mytwenty years, and that he has earned a high reputation far truth, candor, courage, morals and amiability; that he has talents, and he will use them to tbe best advan- tage. He is the peer of the first men of the nation, and well at>!e to sustain himself and advance the cause against any adversary, and in any field where mind aud know ledge are the weapons used; that, in brief, he considers hiia a sound, safe, national man, who could not bj sec- tional If he tried, for all his feelings and interests are identified with tbe great valley of the Mississippi, and tint.ft r the good of the whole country, be hopes he may- beelected. TheletterIsveryable,aud hasgivengreat galisfnctiop to such oi Ms republican friends as haveseen it.TemperatureOftheWeek. Theajuiiixedtableshowsthetemperatureoftheatmos- phere in tins city during the week ending June 18, thesident tor any despatches received from the Minister at man. Mr Butler, F Pargand and servant, E Mnrquan, A DelVInopersonalobjectionto Mr.Douglas,andthesamew sejaefattthesewithwhsaahesets*Theywooldaminetbesameandreportthenamesofthopersonsen-Mr.TOOMBS(dem.)oftia.,saidhewasnotinterestedinEusehioPerer/Orter,RI)Stewart.WHutTnuui,JGRobert- tht-se bickerings between interior villages. Tho great son. MrandC Ruiq. Mr and Mis Biratilt, three children and centres were New York this tide of the mountains aud servant Mr and Mrs Xetmiuo aud family. Mtes Kunitui aud ser-SanFranciscothe<*berSide. TherewasnousetaIking vant,JamesWin,JHBell,GeoHCbevory,MCary.pAYAJtSAH—Steamship Augusta—Andrew L ow , Visa HI.ow MissLowandsister, J A Courvoisu, MrsCounoteti,Frank CourvotMi. H and J Courvotau, Mr MrMara. J A Brown,wife child, Infant and nurse, Mr D W Brown. Mr A by such a spirit of inveterate hostility to Austria as t o Brown. Miss Pierre, Mr 8 Mathews, W B Clark, J H Hent J 8 make tin m slew to believe any good of the government Perobenon. Peter Farrell and wife. J S Nichols. A Buss, H A ii Yuma. Austria has been looked upon as a boose of Sohmens, Geo Dames. J W Halusham, Mr Welch. MiasLttcas,as)weft*^ bead of the*ss*Yto amereImitatorwhotitled to such seals.Mr Sisurr. of Minnesota, said a controversy existed iaad^tedhap."***»»<•**&*** ifaewasaSoath- theMinnesotadelegation,andhedesiredtoknowifthat siso would be referred to the committee.abOst OUJCT centres.Theamendmenttostrike outthesecond sectionwasTher<markableaddressesdeliveredattheopeningof the n w (ctiH.il <f tbe Austrian empire, and which we) published yesterday, deserve an attentive piroeal.w > I Baiamtnaa.Jua•lS-ll F.at2*A»rewi - *w la-da/ t r,, C•amjttcss«Qre#r»IA: ! St sabrtitut*- be*vc£ k# tkwl • right to rctoia ft rhsire-_J.»plN. K. » » » & a,90S 70! ft. •iUsWBS. W30.S.S0; ft. 3U.3*OSi S.U&T ' Wdebato D-1", lUuat, of Masss»ch«>-.t»S- cxutaiMl that he ijM» *-*«, sitwrt trna tbe Cnarf^t'a CemtigUM, and fedarjiomtraaMtatiUt* T*'•*•wlifcied lftt?**...... '*It- ifted, «a garrfaa i«S*i m S STbeparties a#» V*» sawmssftrRixnxoKB, June 19,1800.\ h e Convention w a s called t o order soon after t e no'clock.The theatre was well filled, but cot crowded.The day was dark and gloomy, and t h e appearance oftheinsidedpthetheatrewasimprovedbyitsbrilliac lighting with gas. *On motion of Mr. Lrmow, of New York, the reading of tbe journal was dispensed with.The United States Steamer Pawnee, which sailed fromtheir positions by assault. Only one hope remains forof delegates,Mr.Cartes, of New York, asked consent to make apropositiontotheConventioncalculatedtoharmonizethepending motions, and to arrange in a friendly manner thedivisions, is too imminent for any democrat to allow hi< individual preferences to interfere with the success of the democratic party at this critical juncture in the affairs of thecountry. Veryrespectfully,yours,FERNANDO WOOD.Rev J Miles (of Albany), Mr 11 Martin. Mr fly Wheatcroft, Mr and Mrs Trans, Miss Hill—and 253 in steerage.auestkm, or by unanimous couent to suspend ttw rules. the other hand, said, ia brhatf of himself and bis friends,that they weald take no pledge. It was then agreed on all Mr. Carnal—Then 1ask the unanimous consent of tho ple. He says he has known Mr. Lincoln for more thanunder wInch theConvention is acting.prwfsitioB, and offer, as an amendmentits place, Uwiurm concerning the tumbles in Italy. Seme private bills were passed.THE OVERLAND BAIL.pit, Mrs M Colton, Miss Sarah Brown, .1 B Collie. A Moult on. Col H H MrKemin. Miss Warner. Mr and MJS A Drez. Mr and Mrs .1 Drummnnd, wo children and sent, Mr and Mrs.C Fass.v, three ceiWren and servant. Miss Brow. Mrs M Kerr and ser- vant. Miss Kerr. L Sagand, Nicoll Garcia, G eo E Brewster, A J Greenwood, Capt Merrrman, W A Rockwell. V Dura] and ladv, CaptMcKee, Miss Cauldwell. From Havana—Mr and A £ King, Mr and Mrs A Camlla. A CauilU, C Canilla, T Cardl- nas, A Cardinns Mr and Mrs P P de Kafa, Mrs A Yerdcreau. L Casamaver. Rafael Coven. F Jomeneq, p Homitlna. George Gordon,SBDreggs, MrandMrsJValovelandchild Mrand Mrs J a Green and child. Joaquin Baralt, Anlouia Valienti,lollow ing »*••Resolved, that the credentials of all persona claimingseats in this Convention, made vacant by the secessionof delegates at Charleston, be referred to the committee, whkbisherebyinstructed,assoonaspraelicabU),toex-Mr.GREENwasopposedtostriking outthesecondsec- tion and change the terminus of the Butterfleld route from St. Louis. Tbe centre of the Mississippi Valley neededfacilitiesthesapeasNewOrleans.to draw asimilar1 Xhmwilltkashe tfMoabeedly marcandidateslathe Mr.(macs understood that theresolutionhebadoffnM far IBs fBSStskmsf, saw sitter Laseoan will be elected fared waa already adopted by the Convention. If not, ho range of the barometer and thermometer, the variation of disagreed to.Ihere lias always bees a party ta this country awlasatinf•rtaere*«Bs»*» tlacllcaby INpeopto,aaditmtattgo ouae of Btpresentatives.bei-gthaw disposed of ia this G»vfaUoa, theiKitied it watte be allowed to be pet without aaf cmbar- Mr. YVLKE. (dem) of Fla., moved to postpone the toil raiwsient. DfcsciMion hail already been bad, and to in- wtod currents, and the state of the weather at three to take up theJrVist Office Deflcicucy bill. Agreed to.nanMiraa Hales, I" • •es*Bse» ^sw**w^a^py"sanwoajjaBBaes* W* •^^Rajaissmakasanas/ *7aBBraa/troduce <*«<* tow* wo«W oary reopen tf He moved flw l rcvic • •?qncstson.Mr. Cocaiuw rose to a pojalef order.11K- C«i!viutii<» had agreed to allow Mr. Gilmore to with •traw his amendment, sad Mr Church to modify his pro- !"*!*» " This having been done, th» stKtstiott must re- ' w <*wder*a IL' ^ . ' v i 0 * <r»«lH'm» ^Ifia fc»» already bc*n vailed ana seconded.Thaissaliillllldnii1tintsuckwasthepositionofthe eacsfam,aaW aakwaassi that the Minnesota ease would bo « 5 * ? 2 I the^TrtMWi arfss proper tliac^Ha «t-perteds during each day, viz., at 9 A. M,and3and 9 e'ehci P. M.;—-M'S.W. 29H9.72N.WJ m x.w.imsitois.w 30dl) 5a N.W. ArtIIiuiksN.W.••n.umiN.waaJt.MiM.sT.art I.SSieS! N- *>.» 78. a. S0J9 6S, S. !*>THnnOMKSTEAD BILL.The Committee ea Cemfcrencc. on the Homestead billreported than.'the House m-oded from i t s amend meiits, aad agreed to the Senate bill with certain amenJ ments.Mr. JOHVNONexplained that the Stauate bill was uot mate i tally changed.The report of the Committee was concurred in—yeas 36 pays2. Messrs.BraggandPc&rcowerotheouiyvotesin tbe negative.Vi-~ Knmord. Geo W Peabody, A W Lucas. Mr Damtto, Mias Fo.'o ml> and brother, Mr Ellis, two children and nurse, J B I oorr.ls, J M RevnoMs, Mr Whitehead and two servants. A Barlonr. Miss P'P Stvles. Miss Menton, Miss Clark. Mias Hon ter Mr Halusham. MiRs Harder. MrJHBnp and daughter. Miss Sortcliff. Mrs Jones. Miss Dillo. B F Webster. A B Woodruff, John and James Dawson. Mr aud Mra Mitchell aad infant. Mis* Mitchell and sister, C Brorhwa.v\W H woods. Miss Burhea, Mrs Smith. J Sealey, B Field*, Mrs hacford and infant Mr A Dixon. M Meyer and wtfe; H Cornuck and wife; kJFlint wife and Infant;Mr l>S Utile,MrJM^KevnoMa Miss Metcalf, M Frate. Mr and MM MoRiim, C M « * « . * P Dillon. Dr Barrdiam. Mr J *«*t, Mr and Mrs 8a»m}>. W I lavlor,wifeandservant:FMBeywon.ACButler, FOra.^refuge for all the obsolete ideas and antiquated anttintl about the divine right ta* kings which had tod before the* 1rrors < I tbettrstFrench rerolatioa. It Is unfortunately tree that tbe reforms aad concessions promised by thai tmpercr of Austria have not been earriedl out to tbe extent that could be desired.Pt:t it is manifestly absurd to meaaura Austria by an Frgitsb standard. It is possible that the) i<< v i MM nt of Vienna may not have used all its eabrts las ptimotethecauseofliberalism,butit oughttobetakesT into consideration that tbe difficulties taeewalafat by aay minister alio Las ventured to break through the eetab-1 rl.»rt rent me are alnnet beyond eenceptiOB. WHhta the) lest fewternth*. howcTer, events have < caiyor.d•le«whereofanaturetejwverameat that it is new. nfifi s«x n to reasonable deaaaada _aad the kie[irgnpalargearmedfmade to the ytwag Fmpersr by Letfadtoprvdac*aaSrenginaptthcni-idt is that strong hopes are now beW that] mavreceiveback many of theprivileges ofwhichi Las, ia Isle years, been deprived. « - „ _It wa* on tbe first of tbe present month tbafflhe meal, brrs a the new O-rncil of the Empire.were asenabled ta bear the addre^ frem the throne b e nation la taropej Finnic sympathise ae heartily a s ttigtand with the de-l is a Doaglatenant haxanrf ft* I* wean-be, If I, comyleie rteteea t a l e r w be had made » stating yesterday thatTSX SUST OFFICE WLL-IMr, YrLKE ottered a substitute for the House amend C P Hoftun, J » U n b a n t W Wood. J f ^ £ » Smith, Ht>» il-"!-•_• fatjte t" saM Asm Shave m which he la kaown to betong.Hi.waUHs.u-d hytstofrtsaswafDkdElBsuatssu e^i«a»usmloa»;lkeBtewwetllnwwatotheA>uih,Swysj^«atsef NewTurkbsOactaanan/oth«r dem• m, oWmfcJ""" M il istkatadge to the• * r^w Swaovetwt tana H <»»**f U k g B B M l a a M a ^ s l l a s t o a a f s a e 99*WaleBm*Wn weeeeorrtd t>hfta.the wreecedlBfa of tbe Florida Convention bad bean idacc^iofflriatokhishands. Tbeiiroceodiagsworeonly iMtaded far Iteprtvam mfbrmsaton. __ _Mr. Caraea'e modtted iwwtation. merely reBartitg tho creu.niuOs te theeommaiee,was adoptedbyasucs vote.Mr.Pcrsv,ofDelaware,had imipat to expiate that t apaftraUrn of his coBeogue, Mr. «4«:W>ury, vuatorday, tteasBM*wioa«t,dairsa«M» totas aBar.had been only •mended to sssdy to aaafa Jilrpaaa wa*> resaatosd withthe Coaveattsa snClkarkmua; s»d aatto the seceders. Mr. MtCWW, of <»»,moved to J"*1*"- vMr. FamJUin, of Tteaasylvania, aaura* flatt when theConvents* as>aatis. it be till taw P. M.Mr. Masanjoafior*, t f Pedtasylvaaai, said that1*4 existed over a sett la the Massachusetts' eV which had better be settled at once.1 thea*lion"toa»»joor»waswitlidrawa,andaftersome* fst»:r**Y--<»nrsU«*' Cw*.-.meuts to tbe Post Oatee)bill. AfteralongdtewshBt.adjoarnetl.names aef Represesttutlres. WASHiNuroa,Jssw1»,I860.risTKiBt-ttasOTrcauc IAXOS.Mr. GILMER. (S. opplaf M. C., asked ismnaooas consentto take op bw bill to | » equal justice to all the States in the distribution of laaeV, and providing a deposit of sur- plus u-v*iiuc with tbtaa.Objection was ma»v\Mr. GIUIEK moved .»•«.. ,<, u-isj of tbe rates. Metson disagree*) tojsy 63 again** » •I inkin J Carter. B 1<«L J Smith. B H Morris. 8 Behilt,M Mr»is'HVPratt.HBtodmann.M«W MRt*W.MMKeh- UL F Mhehlll. H Mtwhttl. J MSchttl. M Terry. D Washburn,Mhorrh. W C Farsvtbe, J P Vemya. F C Loci... R H England, Mr.JPEngland.MmMM«»eaU.Mr.!*«a»rd,WHWeaeott, wtfe and infsnt: Mr Ward, J M OfSen, V H Way aad wife; SBSgsESsTnir»jSeV rWBNesst *'*»£«• B J Harnalv. J S enmb, H Leopard, B WBush, Jno Jobnaton-and Uinthesteerage.CALCUTTA-flap MBea Standieb-^ W Rhoadea. IjvEBrooL-Shtp raiidtifky-R P WUttMna, ECWHJiama, FFterle.PAIESVO—Baik Term;—John F Dow.MASACAiae—lark Iba-UM Baraet, B BCasanova, AnteHua Beyer.'' Afiti •r-scassiin,tius««*",iv*s* with th^ss lathewThe Senate resumed Mai! bill.t h o consideration o f the OverlandMORNINGE D I T I O N - W E D N E S D A Y ,J U N E2 0 ,1 8 6 0 .PRICE TWO CENTS.Arrival of the City tfADVICI8 TO TTOffllT, iOlE 7 .——GARIBALDI'S SUCCESS. THEPROPOSED REFORMM AUSTRIA.. Willi<••< IIHillASPECT OF THE EASTERH QUE8TI0H.^•••WjTbe screw steamshipCityofWashington,CaptainJef- frey,whichsailedfroanLlverpoelatnoonontheMb,as4 from Queen«own on tbe 7th, arrived here early;moraine, bringing as full details ofgesee op to the hoar of sail me.The Vaaderbilt steamship niinms, Cant,rivedyesterday. SheleftSouthamptononThuradajr,the) Tthaaat,The more important features of her new* hare already been anticipated by the telegraph from tbe sbBBsesiesi oaf Farther Point.The Pest Office authorities have notified the Galway Una) that their fortnightly service is to commence on Tuesday, the 26th of June, from Galway to New York; sat Tuesday,To-morrowwillheanimportantdayhere,and perhaps bypolice. Ifso,sohelpmeGodIwillnotsubmittosuch tbepre-enptor*nowenhadhavetwoyeanfromtheterminate the crisis.The parties in the quarrel referred to above, before theCommittee oa Credentials were Delaware delegates,of Mr.Whiteley wssone. Besides thistherewas,whichmighthavebetamoreserious,anArkan a delegate having drawn a pistol.Mr. Stephens, of Massachusetts, was instructed by hisdelegation to vote for the admission of the sew! ing dele-an outrage. I have my commission here, sad if it is not my passport to thai Convention I will n o t retain m y seat here. (Laughter.) Youhavenorighttokeeptrain bands attbedoortopreventmembers entering thehall, Tho ticketshadbeenchangedsincetbemorningsession.Mr. Smstw, of New York, had been similarly treated at the doer, bat did not think It was any reason for a se- cessionfromtbeConventionoradissolutionoftheUnion.(Laughter.) Some of tbe officers have neglected theirpassage of the bill to pay, at tbe rate of «2>i cent per acre. All lands l a market three years o r more s r cededtotbeStatesiawhich theyaresituated. Thisbill securesabouthalftheadvantagesallowedbyMr.Grow' Housebill. TheconferenceoftheHousesurrenderedth provision which includes persons twenty-one years cad tbe provision in favor of present pre-emptors, and relat ingtoonehalfofthepresent pre-emptora,aadrelatiu to onehalf tbe surveyed lands notoffered for sale,gates, hnt refused.fifteen to lea in every case.treaty,, „ .The Committee on Credentials votedduty, and that is all I have to complain of.- - VMr. Hooper also preparedsurrounded him and told him he had gone far enough, at least several gentlemen have taken the floor since he primary election on Saturday. He had no opposition. W. BEACH LAWRENCB,Col. Hindman subsequently apologised to the committeefor the violence he had been obliged to use, and Mr. The motion to adjourn is nor in order if the gentlemanadmuwioo of the whole eight delegations upon their origi-nal credeutiasL It is expected this will be carried; If itis not, then t h e second secession takes place, leavingoaarssly more than the Northern democracy behind. Thewhole depends on the New York delegation, whose thirty-Ave votes constitute the balance of power, and tbe numberstands, without New York, one hundred and tea and tion adjourns.a half for accepting it, to ninety-nine and a half against The Committee on Credentials have decided to report inaccepting it. The vote of New York therefore turns favor of the admission of the Soule delegation from Loui- during which a motion to adjourn was made and carried. Indian Affairs, reported a bill amending the bill awardingHooper gave no further indications of retaliation, appa- rently satisfied that the affair had been driven to a point where a hostile meeting' must ensue.from Michigan has got the floor. (Loud laughter.) ThePREMDESTreadaletterfrom theChairman of tbeT H I R T Y - S I X T H C O N G R E S S . FIRST SESSION.The PRKSIDKIJTexplained that the intention of the writer was evidently to ask that the committee might continue its session during the evening.TBS CHOCTAW IXD1AX8.Loud cries were here made for Mr. Fisher, of Virginia,Tbe Convention then adjourned till ten o'clock to-mor- row morning.After the adjournment o f t h e Convention, t h e theatre being well filled, calls were made for several speakers, amongst others, for Captain Rynders, who declined speak- ing, a s t h e gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Fisher) might claim the floor.An old gentleman named Worth, of Mississippi, not a delegate, volunteered a speech, and for some time amused the audience by whimsical remarks. He attributed tbe present difficulties t o tbe fact that no man h a d taken part in the Convention who had not been for twenty-five years a defamer o f General Jackson. There was Cushing, the President, who had been a defamer and a n opponent of the principles o f Jackson, until he (Cushing) turned a traitor to bis party. Then there was Josiah Randall, ankins and James Vcilier. C. EtJ* Stuart and Charles D. Le- grievances, and that their interest is to remain faithful toing speech to the Convention. He continued to denounce Douglas .nd his supporters until the audience, getting weary, stopped his talk.printing forty per cent was taken u p .Mr. DAVIS, (dcm.) Sf Miss., moved to amend by strikingSoother speaker answering to the call o f the audience the meeting dispersed.MAYOR WOOD AND THE BALTIMORE NOMI- NATION.TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.NEW YORK. June 19, 1800.There is no foundation for the statements in the dailypress of to-day that I have written a letter favoring.thoIt was then postponed.THS C i m .APPROPRIATION BILL.A committee of conference was ordered on the Civil Ap- propriation bill.THE120,000,000 LOAN.The Senate insisted on Its amendment providing for aloan of twenty milliOBS to the Legislative Appropriation bill, to which the House had previously disagreed.TH£ OVERLAND HAIL BILLMr. POLK, (dcm.) of Mo., opposed that portion of thehave condemned the secession of the Southern Stat.es bill which modified the Butterfleld contract. He was en- tirely unprepared to break up or change a contract whichrax Amanum*The Conference Committees on the Civil aad Miscella-neousaadLegislativeAppropriationbills areengagedto- nightuponthevarious amendments indisagreementbe- tween tbe two houses. T h e loan o f twenty millions ap-from a severe attack of jaundice. years old.He is about sixty-eightBILLS—THE TWKCTV XJLLIOX LOAS.THE aOCVAS GRANT.OnmotionofMr. TATLORtheruleswere suspendedaidthe House passed the Senate bill relative to the Houmas grant.VanHOMESTEADBILL.Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee o a Conference on theHomestead hill, made a report thereon, which was con- Mr. STSWAKT, of Michigan, did not think any new busi- pended by the Senate is in the former bill. The prospect curred in by 113against 51the twenty millions o f Treasury notes now authorised. TheCommitteeofConferenceonthe$21,000,000loan proposition consists of Senators Hunter, Fessenden and Latham, and representatives Morrill, Howard o f Michi-copiesBRADY'S GREAT P1CTTTUI.Brady's great picture of the "Members of the House,"painted in oil, and placed in one of the panels of the Hall.was:\d., showingariseofonepercent.—From despatches received here, it appears that Mr. Cox,of Ohio,willberenominated. Lickingcounty gavehimThe ITusTOKxi—If the gentleman did not yield the floor, 2,486 votes—all the democratic votes at the democratic ing, June 18, 1800, at eight o'clock.Mr.FISHER.—1hadtheflooranddidnotyieldit.EventheNeapolitan government, reckless as it isof statements, does not venture to deny tbe universality of. the Sicilian insurrection. The old pretence, that it m only a party, a few discontented spirits, w h o have re-Capt. KYSDEKS, of New York—I rise to a point of order.last autumn.the chair. Mr. Lawrence on taking the chair formally ex- plained the object of the Convention, and then called forthe official reports from the several congressional districts, which, through election from their respective wards, had held conventions to nominate delegates to Richmond, subject to ratification by their general convention.These were duly presented by the representatives of the different districts, and resulted in the following nomi- nations of delegates from the .city and county of Newnever been advanced. The facts are too much against such an assertion. Whatever may be the case in the city of Naples and in tbe continental dominions of the King, it has never been pretended that any part of tbe Sicilian people is in favor of tbe royal authority. In the procla- mations which the Neapolitan Genera] puts forth in Sicily be never appeals to the sympathy of any class of tna peole. He calls upon the army to stand by their colore, and adjures the Sicilians as a nation ttf remain faithful to the throne; but he never tells landowners, or trades-am. cox, op OHIO.My position has not in the least altered from what it was take (600.000 and give up their contract. This would be Mifflin this morning, and shortly afterwards sailed again intervention has been solicited in more quarters thana saving to the government, according to the Post- when I attended the Charleston Convention. I am in master General, of 13,400.000 for the time thefavor of the restoration of peace to our troubled counsels, contract has to run. He thought it a wise of a clear and unequivocal declaration of the rights of policy, and an economical one, to give them this theSouthtotakeitspropertyintotheTerritories,andto amountandletthemgo,andthen makeageneralfor her destination. All on board of her were well.Arrivals a n d Departures. ARRIVALS.one, but we cannot think that anywher- there is an idea, of respond ing to the invitation. There is, iude«d; a sus- picion that Austria is inclined to make a duersion from Trieste. But Austria, though obstinate enough, Las still the prudence of all conservative Powers. It is impossible to suppose that Austria will be mad chough to inter-be protected there in those rights, and of the nomination ofacandidatewhowillcommandthesupportofthena- tional democracy in every State.If, however, the Convention now in session at Balti- more shall agree upon a platform and a candidate not altogether in keeping with my own views, I shall, never- theless, deem it the duty of every lover of his country to rally to the support of its proceedings.LIVERPOOL AND QUEENSTOWN—Steamship City of Washing-ton—Mrs Thomson and infant, Mr and Mrs Ksperaon and pose where she will have against her not only the family,MraudMrsMason,MrsRavestyen,MrsMcDonald, feelings of the whole liberal party in Europe.question ofehe admission of delegates. Criesof"Hearhim,"--Hearhun,"andunanimousEDWARDBATESINFAVOROFLINCOLNthepropertime;andalthoughhewasoriginallyopposedher,andson,LFullerMarieWeber,AnnaWeber,Philipconsent was given.Mr. CHVHCHcontinued—On consultation with ihi gentleAND HAMLIN.f»r. Lors, Jane 19, 1S60.to the route the Butterfleld contract was located on, yet it had made correct time aud benefitted a greater section of the country thau if it.were straight. He wasopposed to a change of thi* end of the Butterfleld route to Vicksburg,Risen, Catharine Rifsoh and ihree chUdruo, Mr and Mra M*urer and five children, (i Frennd. J Clrioh, Elise Schinit, Philippine Sehmltt, Fred Neid, F.liz Neid. Peter Srbroer, Cath Sohroer and three children, Peter Ludwlg, Marie Beeker, Elize Beck er, G M««er, Louise Beringer, Vndreas Renuer. Carl Renner,The Democrat to morrow will contain Judge Bates' let-ran him a* a bolting candidate, if in no other way. Mr. man fromPennsylvania (Mr. Gitmorc) anarrangement had ter in support of the Chicago nominees. After disclaiming as va* proposed, as it would ignore all benefit to be de- Doretha Messengeu, Adolph Mieties, Vusual Friedrich, Jacobbeen agreed on, honorable to both parties, which he bn|»cd that he feels the least pique or dissatisfaction at not be- rived from it tor Northern Louisiana, Arkansas and Hoed, Vndre Niege, Aloiiio AmsUutt, Aloitzo KossJey, VeronaFagh In the Senate foi inhsdawsd this, when he said thatif Douglas was defeated tbey wadM carry his bleeding would meet tbe concurrence of the Convention. It w.is iBg nominated himself, be says that it is plain that the would not be disturbed by those Senators and members Aekermann, Elija Vogt, Jolian Wuah, Jacob Schotz-tad mangled corpse to the tterthwaat sad there exhibit nan as a picture of the work of the South.RILTMOMS, Jane 1*—9 P. M. fluce the foregoing was written, this afternoon, an into- nating intorvtew took ffcee between Mr. Pugh and Mr. •Wry. of Mississippi, in which the Ohio •aaator reiterat- es the *une sentiment a* above ia unmistakable language. Be said tf the New York delegation will five its castingrepublican parties, and he prefers tho latter. The demo-Ihe capitulation had uot been yet signed, but the armis- made, aud was against any violation of it. If interfered dren, Mrs Howard and child, Emma Walker, Mrs Croaiu ani tice was prolonged till tbe 12th inst. The Patrie furtherproposed that Mr. Gilmore should withdraw his amend- approaching contest must be between the democratic andm ,iim. John Kailcr, Jacob Hnppeler, Mathias Walter. who made it. He doubled if a better contract couldbe Mrs Cnlzin. F Burger. F Predretti, MrA'redreUi and 3 chilment, and that Mr. Church should withdraw loo lat-ter portion of his amendment, leaving only before the idea of negro slavery, and is wholly sectional. It has iu nity to the last dollar.Convention that portion referring to the Committee on Credentials the claims of all delegates applying for seats in the Convention. (Applause, and cries of-Agreed," •'Agreed.")various instances endangered the equality of co-ordinate branches of the government, and attempted to degrade the judiciary by striving to make a passive register of party decree. In most, il"not all things, ho considers theTHE ARSY ATPROPRIATWN BILL PASSED.At this stage the Cuaamittee of Conference on the Army Appropriation bill reported, and the report being agreedcratic party, he says, has merged its existence in the ouewith the contractors would come to Congress for indem-child. A Rothschild, M Ottenheimer, Faniiv Frank. Mathilda Frank, Paro Wail, V Schoendronot, H Wofz, Roadin Weriur, Rosdin Enzlheri, Catharine Zrinrain, N Mark, Joaepe Vogler. Crersiiitfice Yogjer and 7 children, Otto Schlemmer, J Moser, Adolph Eneelbaeh, Barbara Weidsmantel, Franz f.ebkiisher, Bait am Bnei-her, Marg SchulU, Peter Blum, Michael MuJIer, J LfinU, Eliz Mappea, Sabina Kock, Anna Schafknecht, Jean Ersantrant, Robt Reiger, Augustan Andre**, Albert Werner, F Werner, Augustus'Joarm, Rudolph Schmidt. M N Henssi.stat.f that it was hoped by the mediation of the com- manders of foreign vessels to arrive at an honorable arrangement between the two parties, who displayed equal bravery.GENOA, June $, 1860 Garibaldi was forced to grant an armistice ou account of a want of ammunition. It is rumored that the insur-gents found a large sum of money in the royal palace. t.ciM m; l.etiiza left this morning for Palermo to renewthe armistice.Vessels laden with projectiles continue, however, to bedispatched to Naples. The governnvnt has particularly demanded the support of France, and has ordered tho toi.LCil of State to prepare a constitution ta conformity with the French constitution.It i- stated that Garibaldi showed great kindnessto the Neapolitan < fhcers whom he had taken prisoners, among wh< m, be bojtos seme defections will take place.Trais.Junel.lMO. N'<ws front Naples has been received, to the effect thatthe armistice had been indefinitely prolonged.General I etaza bad arrived at Naples. He is bearer of Hr-ew capitulation, and is said to bare pointed out to the King that tbe soldiers would refuse to fight, and that de-sertk i s had ctnunenced to be numerous.NATLBS, June S. 1840.News ftim Sicily states that tbe armistice has been prolonged until tbe 7th inst.Tate ConditIon o f Austria. [in m the 1/mdon Herald, June 6 ]republican party the opjiosite of the" democratic, andThe TPaasmsvr—-The Chair would inform the gentleman therefore entitled to his support; and this would The discussion was continued ou the Overland Mail Henry Sehrieber, Marianni Bioldi, Edra Roger, Josephine Ro-from New York that as the call for the previous questionrule for the unconditional admission of the seceding dele- lias been seconded, the action lie desires can only be man whom the republican party might putbill till four o'clock, when the Senate took a recess.EVRKIKO SESSION.Tho Senate resumed the session at six o'clock.IHE TARIFF.Mr. BIGLER, (dem.) ot Pa.,gave notice that he shouldcall up to-morrow the" motion of tho Senator from Ken- tucky (Mr. Powell) to reconsider the vote postponing the taritl bill.THE TaorBLEs IN rr.vLV.Mr. POWELLintroduced a resolution calling on the Pre-ger. Victor Dorey. Andreas Honenstein. Jacques Rota. Mr and Mrs Geo Hack. Simon Woldmaun, Fred Klbrieh, Sebastian Jansen, Anna Sehrieber, II C Samuels. Jacob Sehroorm.NEW OKLEAHS A »n HAVANA—Steamship D e Soto—M Lock wood, Mr and Mrs E C Benedict, Mrs A Marks, son and ser \ant. Mies Kate E Bogert, Mr and Mm E K <'oiiverse, Dr W and Mrs Mewart, E Snrget and servant. Mr aud Mrs SybrandtMr Sybrandt is Consul for Sweden aud Norway at New Or- leansl. three children and two servants, Mrs R Buck, Mr E Heneks. S M Reed. H Eseousse, Chas Roman. Madams Sophia Konion, Mrs I'erkiis, three children and servant. Mrs chapbe a sufficient reason for his supporting anyRXXAR&S-Satnrday—Moraiag steady; afternoon dear; blowingfresh during ereamg. _ ^ ^ •JKndsv-Cfrar sad blowing fresh all day: ntghtdear. Mmday—Clear all day and night-Twsday-Cleejr *8 «to ««llnS*t.Wcdi . ^ y - < ^ n U j a a y j i e d njaM 2 5 2 c 3 an *y *«*•»«t**iH.11A3A—bi.il < »rt lute—Capf Bradford, BUS of sehr A % sue cxt"riss*d hy the Easpersr ae to the maintenance at I.Ktria witbin her prrseat buasajariea. U would bediffl.. -:..:.-^-Bradv" was* stabbedth* reh*- , sfwfcfn»as BitnuJwdeav red(a£••**<*v 8Bd B|MeKeuat. JL ii.lt to coecHve any chinga a f l a present balance'of Dui«r. ,i«t uixatieu than sueji U IWSJKarias from a itlemleaker.«.TMi •:»!»• *«>" impatfr-t-'y «n- TAUI'He—*HUJ- K»*¥• jcr—Mr* ii JHOM, twocbiMrohand«r UKU ef \**X gnat etaf|re which may be called the heart !,v ,j,^sar-ikcrm order that —..*--EL50.000of the majority aud minority Covode Committee reports.Adjourned.of the National Democratic General Committee;—NOTICE—Thenational democratswillassemblethisevening, at tbe usual polls, to bold a primary election in each ward of tbe city, to tend delegates to a Congressional Convention to ap- point delegates to represent their respective districtsatthe Convention to be held the 21st of June In the city of Richmond, Va*. ConventiontobeheldatNo.747Broadway,Mondayeven-National Democratic Convention.In response to the following call there was a most enthu-Mr. SBBA8T1A3, (de«.) of Ark., from the Committee on York:—Josiah W. Brown and James B. Bensel. G. Jen- men, or peasants, that tbey themselves hare noThe House resolution to reduce the price of publi may succeed in accomplishing the aims of republicandisunionist*-, from whom they so immaterially differ, we, the elected representatives of tho national democracy of New York, have determined to send to the Convention, appointed to be held at Richmond, men of sterling demo- cratic principles and unblemished personal character.Resolved, That the city of New York stands by itself, and will unite in opposing all sectional influence to break down the prosperity of the States, and to raise or lower one portion of the country at the expense of another.Very eloquent remarks were made by J. Pyne, Esq., and by Messrs. Fashouer, Philbin, Duffy and others.The Convention then adjourned in the utmost good feeling, and the highest hope as to the prospect before it.United States Steamer Pawnee. PHILADELPHIA, June 19, I860.sudden arrival of Mr. Pryor.THE PROCEEDINGS O F THE CONVENTION. contradicting m y well known position on these subjects. tractors of the present overland route would be willing to here yesterday for Norfolk on a trial trip, stopped at Fort them—the intervention of some foreign Power. Such a nout forty and inserting- twenty-five. nays 21.Agreed to—yeas 24,system of overland mails, which would benefit all sectiousalike at fair excuses, lie was opposed to an overlandmailandsteamshipmailtogether,andfavoredthebillintroduced by the Senator from California (Mr. Latham), Mrs Sprat'iie, Mr and Mrs O Sleath, Mr A Pollak, Miss but also the whole strength of her French rivalas he understood that satisfied all the various interests represented in the California mai's, viz—the Butterfleld rocte. Commodore Vaaderbilt, the Post Office Department and the Southwestern section.Clyde Mr and Mrs Robert Darling. Thos Bird, D H Hamilton, Mr I* ,1 Kord (New York Tribune), Mrs Brvaiit, Mr D I.ee, Mr F I'rav and brother, Mr Sweensen. Mr llerkenraih, ('apt Plunimer' Mr and Mrs W H Prior, Mr George. Sution, Mr and Mrs Jansen and infant, Mr Fohert Edgar. I»»- and Mrs W P Thornton, Messrs W and T Graham, Dr Mulr'ord. Mr Conrad,mid the reprobation of the British government. Tho ships of this country will certainly not be allowed to interfere as long as the quarrel is confined to an Italian monarch aud his subjects; but it would be a strong trial, i ven of English patience, if we were to see Austrian frigates landiug troops at Palermo and Messina. France, which, having been lately the antagonist of Austria, feeln herself bound to oppose any undue interference of her rival, is likely to be even more moved by any naval movement,intbeAdriatic.ThecourtofViennacould only show its impotence by an expedition in aid of the King of Naples. An invasion of Sicily is a far greater en- terprisethanamarehfromtheTicinotoTurin.Let Austria remember bow ill it fared with her on that oc- casion, and not tempt fortune on an element on which her forces only exhn by sufferance.PARIS, June 5,1800- The Patrie of to-day says that the reported re- ci ninienonient of hostilities at Palermo ia unfounded, and that it learns from reliable sources that thestruggle had not been renewed up to the last d*y.Northern Texas. He did trust the Butterfleld contract. Baumann, Jacob Baumann and three children, Jacobto by the Senate end House, the bill stands ]>assed. TUB OVERLAND MAIL.HAVHE AND SOUTHAMPTON—Steamship Illinois—James Cu Riekanddaughter.JamesHughs,WHodden,MrsTernand child. J Blumenthal, ¥ Y Ytwood, J r Greenough, Mr Case nux, Mrs Doiu heloiip. Louis Thierv, Mr Poehux, Louis Brandt,u » n ; RUt*.Secxalprivatehi c-rjsMwaLamU*u.*uspesuiunor MJjm«—FnrkU»t*a*»t,re|>cr>—4Htarratt,WAaasey,J tt-weraaureit;muraltoUrninterestsofJmgtandaadofUntitled Document- _vine, Andrew Mills and MunB Harris, James S. LiUby the royal authority. Both from the addresses which the)Revolution. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com><• 