 6NEW YORK HERALD.Tun PBTNCE AXD THE POKTS.—We have printed tbey^ave been devoted to the *xWBCh people, f Men* which * « visit of the Prince of Wales hasainNo more convincing proof can be: deaired of tbe d«-ep and all pervading character of the poI B MVOL-Stareo* * <*stands, w e believe, In the relation of a confi-dential Mend to Abraham Lincoln, will ebailenge the attention of onr readers of a'I parties.Tab latter discloses two important facts:—Jirst, that the managers of the republican partyare seriously alarmed at the manifestations ofSouthern public opinion touching Lincoln's tion, too, that the Gerrit Smith ticket in tbii political agitation ever experienced in aoyor SWWO**» sUSSACST*.at* the apparent onder*i-Day u d B4unni-> ^»^*^" «^iS3l^V Cvaioai-propositions we shall presently show that the evolt of the radical anti- slavery faction in Ne work of 1844, which defeated Heary Clay, wiltevents ot a* day may change a victorious cam- paign Into a disastrous defeat Thus Lincoln. in changing front to save his administration inuLawrence yesterday we have European ad»ices tobnt not of special importance.There was a lull in the civil war in Italy. Nonew movement is reported from either Naples ordown the American party in 1856, and esta- blished the ascendency of the republican, as an aoU-slavery party, in the North. They were the founders, they have been the pioneers and the fighting division of the republican party.be has abandoned all Intention of attacking Venice. Without the aid which he would de- rive from the military and naval resources of Naples, such an attempt would be an act of cheer madness, and therefore his preparing tothe danger that menaces item. The triumph ota political party based on the idea ttut slaveryis an evil and a crime will inaugurate a policyin our federal administration in deadly hostilityto an institution woven into the very tex'ure ofsociety in fifteen States, and on which all their further claim tbijitLincoln, by his own avowalsd o eattention.Altogetherour col-the Papal States.to lb* number of twenty thousand, under GeneralI t i - i r m u-PHTISO•.-Sa*»ov MM«U—can party. We have reasons for the declara- only thing that will savins from the greatestIf such is the effect now, what will be theeffect if that event should take place on the 6th land and Scotland all pour out their poeticThe Sardini in troops, however,eent moment^ _ _del/Sicharacter, and versestherespectthat theymustbeverygoodordav treestngTy interior to attract attention.From tbe batch before n/ we are htia to think that the Tuneful Nine were not,ai the whole, well inclined towards the bares who swept the lire in honor of Albert Edward. They have treated him, however, much bettor ^•w^Bjea WHS^av ^a a Hawt^^pe^B^aaia^ai^a^a ^a^Bfaw^^^asn^avf we esissiFea snsnt^^arl that, to spite of tbe progress of democratic idess, s the Moses a w still conservative. Eogtand, Ire-/I » porta mt mewetoti«»a~"rr««*»«»y «» * * • Cavamm—Wne Matoaaa>**,**"t*st Gerrii Smith to this State can change this expected r*puhltolm victory into a d*»**:tt. He U worth several rnTUions of dollars, be besitotessaid some unwia* things, and given utterance on several occasions to sentiments that we htve h *d occasion to censure; but his speech last nig*itProgresso fli»« ftcvolatHBfllilimember, in the next national Convention—if the and from various other sources in communica- the continued preeeore of a French army topass nop intercourseand ah*tUnion should be preserved—the roljnjif New Yorjc who had stood steadfast, and to bestow upon themtion with Mr. Lincoln we now perceive that, locking to the South, he is alarmed, and promaintain bim in possession of it— a necessity that has perhaps been tbe main inducement forNEW YORK HERALD. SATURDAY.OCTOBER 27. 1860.-TRIPLE SHEm.writsolv*t>*»cifflwitj;bitl*j'4§*ffvi»*}-{WWat4fItc«nldhed*!*eijii^li")*»ot the conntry ii limited bj treaty *tI^n>%'!.«*, o»J*ettt prto the annexation 61 Texas—a s ^ Tand other and more comprehensive avrarige- fcoldiug F«ate-b* would be glad to ^ pn.-nw mill bave to be resorted tax tfhoao will it Tfci* a a* hi« offence, which not ••van. tMbefcoxd incompatiblewiththeexistingpoUti- omtoweringabilities,peptiarftyu»dpre-«ml litioalrevolutionthroughwhichwearepassing CH1 system of Turkey, and one or the other wilt liene* of Mr Ctoy to»BBato»ma» could exewa*. than the rapid changes that are being effectedWhat, then, must %# the feettof now among in the positions of public men and great mate- tfcfPersdlcal entf-slevety men of NewYorJIn rial interests throughout the country.reference to Lincoln-an obscure polttiaien, A marked evidence of this is the position as- Dominated on the ground of expediency, ajvo- sumed by Mr. Brady last tight in his speech atand It b to *be French people to reward them tilled Out Df course It was to beM. (JeUitfnriJw>T«»«»»tMvdB Jftoet «ot no that tbe poets sW BmU as the poUticiaas,the subscribers>JI»h»UnitedStates. Wasnotthe publlcUts.thepainters,«»pbotogrns^ijijap| French subeoriptiew «* hamm aod abroad a ter- tbe general pwbMc BBfmld toferible failure? And Is it not probabltf that M.de Lamartina toj now levelling at awproacbes which lie intends for bis ownmen* Such we l>*ifeve to be the facto, and It is today Include nearly all ti>at have appeared tobare to tuocumb. Ar it is not possible for theFun.pean Powers to abandon the ChristianpopnlattoB of the empire to srheieaaie nlautjtrter,diplomacy tsfll have to enter upon die to* ofbringing TjBTkey "within <h« irdtuen«Ms of Euro «uteri as tbe chosen ehwepion ot this Northern tbe Cooper Institute. This gentleman H tile: to be hoped, for the honor of the literary pro-can Eagle created. The poems which we gratapes* Ideas and habits" Everybody knovs whatthismeansInthemouthofaEuropean statesman. The ease of the "sick man" was n e w before so desperate as it is at the pre-eruMide against Southern stovery-w r »»B pw candidate of the Breckinridge wing of toe demo- fession, that M. de Lamartine will leaye off thatbewiltenforcetbeFugitiveS»a*elaw,)bill cracytorGovernorofthteState,andhasbeen snivellingandgotowork Astohisview*ofthe columns of our ootempowaries, as well as •Weral which have been tent to us sithemselves to print for thefirsttime. good, bad and todistoeat, but all Poems, like Mr. Snake to the •Schoolflection; and, second that to concilia* tbe State will receive a vote which will astonish the South, they promise to betray the radical antl- republicans, and in eome of the counties where slavery wing of their party. From these^ two they least expect i t In revolutionary times thecountry,! and which threatens to involve bank- •ers, producers and traders in a common revulsion and ruin. He has found that the people who affiliate with the Breckinridge wing of the democracy, which is the only one that will hereafte^ have any affltia'tions with the greatof November? The whole South will be in a blaze Even She Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Cobb, it is stated, is ready to go into tbe •eceesion movement' the day after Lincoln'* election, when the Legislatures of the seceding States will meet, decUre the Unionofferings at the feet of the Prince. The ladies not only smile upon him, but they make him welcome, and express a desire to kiss him for bis mother's sake, Which hi certainly very kind. One joung lady sends us some verses which tue more remarkable for their piety than their. MaahairtW Mart « Broad be repeated, and may produce a similar result the South, may still lose his election in the DAJTCT* ao.-Wx Com woitM in 1860. North. .party that is rising up iu the South, look upou dissolved, and proclaim Mr. BreckinridgePresi poetry. She trusts that U s youthful steps may i the success of the fusion ticket in this State as dent of the Southern Confederacy. That soae never, like the Union, "slide," and desires thai tbe only hope of the national policy, and tha' puth det?gD as this exists, whether Mr. Cobb U be may be kept until "tbe trumps shall wake"— IB8TA»1fiy.-BniatmBIBLCS sauronMiaeraaiJ u> Braon** Soaae. VBUH40U. D*HCSS, * C - ru«a ot «4us' BALI.CASTTnaBOnV « ' •810 U * U * MB Broviwmy •aawna. Bvaiasasm AcTRIPLE SHEET. Y ork. Batwrtlap. October » 7 , ISoO.Tlu Maura.By the arrival of toe Canadian In theriverSt.be useful in securing the spoils. The radicals electoral colleges of the Two Sicilies to vote the 12th instant, one day later than the accounts gave the old whig party Its death blow in 1841, by univereal suffrage on the question of annex- brought bj the Arabia. The news is interesting, though it did not die till 1852; they broke ation, which proves that for the prf*entThe republican party Is composed of twoAFFAIRS IS ITALY—CONVOCATION OK THEthe honors to which they were pre-eminently mises to abandon and turn out of dooia the the Emperor to extend the area which he had that Ne^r York will prove true to tbe UnionCLtitled.The Independent Democratic General Committeemet last evening, and informally nominated Mr.Frederick A. TaUmadge for Judge of the Superior will have brought him into power. A large Court, to fill the plaee of Judge Pierrepont, re- bedy of the honest anti-slavery wing of signed*andalsoafulllistofcandidatesformem-hisparlywillstilladheretohim,trusting bers of Assembly. The ntmesof the latter are to luck; hut the uncompromising radicals given in our report in another column.The United States Vice Consul at Copenhagen, Denmark, furnishes the gratifying intelligence thit an " official" package from Dr. Hays, commander of the Arctic expedition, had been received by oneof theRoyal Greenland Company's vessels from Uppernarik. This assures the friends of the expe- dition of the prompt arrival of Dr. Hayes at theport nearest the field of bit labor.A dense fog covered the rivers during the fore-THE ATUENTAX ARISTOCRACY AND GOVBBSOR BANKS.—Our attention has been attracted to; amany nervous individuals preferred waiting for a number opposed to the democracy who will re- less crowded boat- The Williamsburg boat, which fuse to vote for Lincoln because of bis promiseshouldhavelandedherpassengersatPeckalip toenforcethislaw. ThissuspicionagainstLin- ferry, discharged them at Grand street, thereby coln arrayed Garrison. Phillips aod the Bostonled to believe that there was, on the part of some of the committee, a deliberate attempt toAffairs l a Sonora, Ate., A c.WAsnrxoToa, Oct. AS, IBB).turned his hack than some twenty Christianswere ruthlessly slaughtered, and the remaining cluding the recognition of the Fugitive Slavefor ber cotron and other productions.She hasupon the North, and his face to the South, in- perrons of that faith had no other alternative law, and the promise of more, slave States, willmen and the principle?, the "one idea" of eternal war upon slavery, which, if elecU-d,criginally considered sufficient for a Pontificalappanage. Military occupation has become afavorite lever of Louis Napoleon's foreignpolicy, and notwithstanding his professed desiretowi'bdrawhistroopsfromItaly,itwould tion.Tjiegeographicaldivisionthathasbeen "wouldbetodeclarethemselvesunworthyseem as if their retirement was further than established in our churches, in our public sooie- to be the inheritors of freedom.'' Before,ties and Sn our political parties will at once ex- however, the federal government proceeds to tend to Our great mercantile and material in- coerce the South into obedience to the consti- terests. ! The South will be forced to strengthen tution, it will be only even handed justice to itself agauist the North, and the first operation coerce tbe nulliflers of the North who haveopposedtothoseofMr.Banks,butwehaveal- sionalgovernmentof1848;buthewasnotequalwaja been glad to recognise his marked ability and eminent services to the country. H o Is a capital executive officer, a thorough gentleman. and a faithful, hard working, never tiring publiceffect on the minds of the fanatics. •Westated Mr- Clay inevitable down to the third day after mitted as well by his opponents as by his par the other day, on the authority of ourK- ft them than to emigrate to Latakia, which teed only a word from Gerrit Smith to make ,eywotdoingincrowdsatthelastaccounts thiselectionassurprisingasthatofIS11.The terrible examples made by the Turkish Minister have, It scams, bean productive of noto tbe position, and was therefore compelled toMr. Justice Wayne, of the Supreme. Court of tto Uaitedpondent aft Constantinople, that efforts being Mat* to destroy Fuad Pacha'sunless she is driven to the wall. There Is no ttretted la the pieservattea of the Union as any de Places-a gentleman and a scholar—to irrepressible conflict between the free labor of maa in the South. Like President Bacbaaaa ha| is theelectionintbfaState. On the evening^ofptisans-itisnotimprobablethatsomeoftheIold this country to obtain subscriptions tor his tbeNorthandthealavelaboroftheSouth. This nothastytosaywhatoughttoheorwhathawtttaaiaahis tVatlrnthan these aatrifues*1*cU*5 BB« Mr. Frelinghujsen, the Vice Pre- «de ntial candidate on the Clay ticket, was sere-attempt to inflict a slight upon a man who i t a thousand times their superior in everyway. The fact that this attempt was not Buccessful-Failed, because, In the first place, only a few of our people have a taste for French litera- ture; and, in the second, because M. de Lamar-On the contrary, there is perfect harmony be- tween the two s) stems, and North and South are adapted by nature and the progress of their civilization to supply the wants of each other, and to enrich each other, and there is thastrongest community of interests that ever ex-when they arise, aad Ao net aatitfy the curloni by pro- irature utterances.PersonawhomThaeaaray would ca», ia h* Bookaf Snobs, "foreign affair snob*,- are again vietoaUy etw ctsed about ioretga n«ws,n.ieged to bereceiveda: tea State Department. Genera! Case atd 'Mr. Treecot em*d to these fresh outbreaks,so many suddenS » * - • — '•• — _ _aMsTt)DrO his withdrawal to hi* disgracebythwMa* ~"c » congratulatory speech on the occasion. that the relations between Governor Banks, the ttoe had no claim whatever upon us. Since^ T 1 ? ***f° tefcgrapba and but few ratt, Prince, tie Duke of Newcastle, and all the no- that time he las indulged In very bitter re-tkT8 J L J^ *•!--»»«« the news from blemen ard gentlemen of the suite, were of the proaches, levelled at our people, and he wssto planttia*onNHifea»nj!ntbethat diversion of the abolition bfihaBBi 0 fe dln^rv^T^people bave beard enough of their music, and ought to atop them at tha ballot box, before Pwouldh e»»c*d in thia city in bono, o f ^ ^^^ •tad* Am - . . . .^Arecently making speeches through the interiorcounties to behalf of the party that has placed be we knew not. but we believe that upon thin him to nomination. During this canvass he baa»/mit Dew slav%Stotea, and will do nothing toAmerica and Americans, they are not of the e lighteat t an My significance.It t»e offeoce to the South?What theresult p a yremarkable letter ahich mepabTtah to not to spend his money in behalf of a great shows that W has benefited by his tour, and day, trora John D. Defrees, of Indiana, who principle, ano be baa but to speak and ifty that in national politics at least he is on aU BtlBIU.We continne to publish correspondence from.th« Sonth descriptive of the revolutionary ideas and deripnf in that section of tbe Union, pro duced by the revolutionary Ideas and designs at tbe Nortb. A general panic pervades all claaees, in consequence pf the recent elections in Penn- •ylvenis, Indiana and OMo foreshadowing the election of Mr. Lincoln.thousand men will respond to bis callNor should we be surprised If the i-suw of this contest were to turn out a parallel cans to that of 1844, from the wrath of the bonest abo- litionists against this treachery of the republi-logical and sound track. His contact with the people in the interior has proved to him th*t howeverIthe conservative masses may stand in relation io the local offices of the State, they heartily flesire.the defeat of Lincoln, as thek ' ' u n i u ' i gTentdivisiona—the first a radical anti slavery ELEOTOUAL COLLEGES rs THE Two SrciLtis.— they will support it on national ground*.cocnected with it or not, is probable from the a rather mysterious figure on the whole. We I fact that all thejsoutbern States appear to be bave also several versions of "God Save the throwing Bell overboard and concentrating Queen." including those sung at Boston andHence hie, in common with Mr. Dickinson andbody of men, with whom the cause of human The advices from Italy, received by tbe Cana-rights, human equality and human freedom is dian, are not of much importance. M*.t -r- many othere^>f the old hard shell party, has paramount; the second a body of demagogues there seem to be settling themselves without di come gallantly into line on the national ques- and expediency men, solely intent upon the plomatic interference. The patriotism and pood tion. Ajs for tbe Stite ticket, that is of minorspoils and plunder. With the first class a sense of Garibaldi have overcome the argu importance io the present momentous content.victory involving the sacrifice of principles ments of tbe Mazzini party, and be is pursuingand pledges is worse than defeat; with the the onlj safe course that lay open to him—that I second, principles, promises and pledges are of a frank co operation with Victor Emanuel.only to be regarded so far as they may Steps had been taken by him to convoke theupon Breckinridge. Tbe Siwith would tons rtiilpdelpbia; trey are more remarkable for thepresent one united front, and be able to claim excellence of the author's intentions than for that, as Lincoln! was elected by a eectiooal any merit of their ewa. "Before the Graveand tbe admission* of his enpporters, has beenlitan territory, and we may therefore shortly ex- They bare fought its battler, won its victories •nrrender his authority into the bauds of Victor awakened a strong feeling of resistance, and choeen by them as President for sn illegal and vL,lt .Ciaidini, had received' orders to enter the Neapo-material interests are founded.Alarm haspect news of some decisive event. The French and have brought it to the threshold of a great Emanuel is conclusive as to bis renunciation of the first symptoms are perceivable in the war- unconatitntlonal Ipurpose, and that his electionarmy at Rome was to be increased to sixty thou- national triumph. the project. Austria nevertheless continues to like preparations of the people and the fears of b>. therefore, ab initio null and void, being re- THE lUnrcar. Aisor.moNi.vrs AOAINST Lot-•BBIBBBB.It is reported that the French are secretly ma-noc ovriag with the design of annexing the island of Sardinia to France.They believe in Mr. Seward's "irrepressible fortify herself, in the apprehension that there is , tbe banks in view of probable exigencies. Thevolutionary in its character, and contrary to the COLS— The way tbe radical abolitionist votemenced their massacres and kilted twenty Chris- from a republican administration, but shouldtrance of ber porta, for she feels that whatever settlement may be effected in the affairs of Naples, it can bring ber no alleviation of her burdens and anxieties. So long as she persists in maintaicing ber iron sway over the people ofstructive than that of 1837, and every prudent will prove most disastrous. The election of man is already beginning to prepare for i t i Lincoln will undoubtedly beget a long and These revolutionary derelopements in the fierce controversy between the North and the South have already awakened alarm among South, of which, even if it should be amicablytians. The Mnssulmen were furious against the Chrirtians, and had thre itened he life of the Rus- sian Consul.be instantly repealed or repudiated. Upon this single issue, we may toy, the radical anti-\conflict" B e still believes in I t They and he believe that the extermination of slavery from the United States is the mission of the republi-some secret understanding on the subject be- tween the Dictator and the King of Sardinia Another extraordinary credit has been grantedfirst contest must be oue between the credit in- stitutions in tbe South and in the North, each section endeavoring to strengthen itself for theIdea of a federal Union and to the meaning at d intent of the constitution.How this will all end no man can tell. But whatever be the final result, whether It be secession or not, tbe effect npon the countryin this State is now likely to go is beginning to catise considerable uneasiness among tbe re- publicans. It was calculated at the outset that the abolitionis*, with few exceptions among the ultras, would be content with the anti- slavery sentiments of the republican standard bearers, s n d to thia end doubtless w a i the vio- lent character of many of Mr. Seward'a and Mr. Lincoln's declarations directed. Bnt it would appear that the nomination of Gerrit Smith for President by the abolitionists is not left with-It la stated that since tin departure of Fund can party—that the Fugitive Stave law is an to the naval department for the construction ofPacha from Syria the Mussulmen had recom- abomination, and should receive no countenance additional naval batteries to defend the en duce a financial panis and revulsion more de-* At London the money market was rather strin- slavery faction in New York polled a vote ofgent, in conscqnence of heavy shipments of gold upwards of 25,000 for John P. Hale for Presidentto the Continent Consols on Sic 12th were quoted in 1852, notwithstanding the prevailing ioipres Venice, so long must she pay the price of a at 92} a 98 for money. sion of that day that General Scott, if elected, domination sustained by terrorism, and perse-the black republican leaders, and theyare preparing to make a show ofthrowing Seward, Gerrit Smith and the ad States would be most ruinous. Every opera- out a party to riand by i t Mr. Smith hi veryIn the Liverpool tu.irke's cotton was active at sn would fall In with the anti slavery programme vered in in opposition to the public opinion ofvanced abolition portion of their party over- board, in Order to restore confidence to their misguided conservative followers. They assert that Southern men will enter Lincoln's cabinet,tion would be par.-djzrd. In the temper of the wealthy, rteolute and devoted to his princi-advance of one-eighth of a penny, while bread- stuffs had a declining tendency, and provisions were generally dull at unchanged prices.of William H . Seward.Such, then, are the principles of the radicalanti-slavery wing 6f the republican camp, andEurope.The intentions1 of Louis Napoleon in regard to Rome continue to excite a good deal of anxiouspublic mind at the South not a bale of cotton would be permitted to come Northward, andno Southern man v ould dare to order a box ofples. The men who comprise his party are not of tbe stamp of your ordinary politicians; they mean what they say, and are not likely t o 'The Breckinridge wing of the democracy of thiscity was addressed last night, in the large hall of such Is the tenacity with which they stick tothe Cooper Institute, by Mr. James T. Brady, their their programme of human freedom. It iscandidatefortheGovernorship. Theattendance theirreligionandtheirdutyatallhazards.was not very large, the hall not being more than But how will this accord with their recent de- large army there—recent orders having, it ishalf filled. This was probably due in part to the clarations of the backing out of Mr. Lincoln said, been issued to raise the French force tofact that there were no posters in the streets an- from the true republican faith? Mr. Defrees 60,000 men. Tbe occupation of Virerbo bynouncing the meetisg. Mr. Brady's speech was says that his party are in favor of excluding French troops gives consistency to the reportprincipally devoted to a vindication of his own slavery from the Territories, but that if, when that he has it in contemplation to secure to the tionists merely as tools, to be cast contempt- be a w^or&e condition of things for the NorththattheEmperorWabouttoconcentrateacourse in clinging to the Banner placed in bis 'a Territory forms a State government, the Pope the extent of territory which was former-hands, and he declared, with an air of triumph, people thereof determine to have slavery and ly recognized as the patrimony of S t Peter.that he would do so, even though his ticket should eay so in their constitution, its admission will Viterbo is forty-two miles from Rome, and wastheFugitiveSlavelaw.Thisisaboldannjuuee- tieUniontowhichtheSouthernpeoplecouldre- ment of an intention to cheat Seward and his sort without recession, or without violating the friends again, as they were cheated at Chicago, letter of the constitution, and a million of men and to use Gerrit Smith and tire radical aboli- in arms could nojt prevent it. Iu fact, it <vouldnot get two hundred votes; for he looked forward not be opposed for that reason," and* that tbe to the time, which would surely come, when thein the Middle Ages the capital of this territorial designation. Should tbe Emperor carry out the project it will leave tbe Holy Father still very handsomelyprovidedfor,butitwillbeattend- ed with this inconvenience, that it will requireuously aside after the election is gained. This thao a peaceable accession. So that those propagandist does not takepart in Wide Awake JBa double edged sword cutting both ways. Northern men who flippantly talk of coercing proceesioDs; neither does he rant from the Gerrit Smith is in nomination for the Presidency the South either know not what they say, or stomp; bnt be goes quietly Into the homes of by the radicals, and they can cast one hundred they utter bluster and bravado which they are the people, and be appeals to them to the nameprinciples which they advocated and the men whoclustered around them would be recognized as theFugitive Slave tow is among the laws which willbe enforced by a republican administration.thousand votes for him in this State. By so conscious cannot be sustained by results.onlyprinciplesandnamesidentifiedwiththena- Our own correspondents, writing fromtional democracy. He called on "the South to re- Springfield, sustain these views of Mr. Defrees,It is not necessary for the South to fire a shot orraiceafingertoruintheN<rtb;allthatis necessary to be done is that tbe Spothera Legis-n tbe Empire State everytbiug now depends. If begun, the extent and end of which no ma>•«!•iT / f b« has wrdered any Jsiew-A*MeV*»*••«*srt«§*e«••*** iSJvfSSitoa^b^eitneroollhci!«literary,.»kJ^pabertconecttonorthepoeticeffu-TB)« TBeaaiiieOther changes of an important character arealso takjkg place on all eides Those ia theSouth sJe of a very significant character. Fromevery section there we receive the evidences ofa Bturdy determination to resist at,the outset ridge, therefore the right of Breckinridge toof Washington" wss a good theme, and ve nave three or four poems upoa It They are fair, but not on the whole equal to the suVject The visit of tbe Prince to Trinity affords an opening for a clever attack upon tbe lay and clerical snobs who made so much iinnee«seery fuss over the heir apparent The old fogies who mismanaged tha ball come In for tbeir share, and the Prince's partnersmeet withlection is an interesting one, aod forms a rather pleasant and agreeable souvenir of the Prince's•coming emergency. Such a contest will pro-speculation. It is not so much on account of and several prominent names have been men- goods from any State this side of Ma«cn and make any compromise which would reduce thethe fate of the Pontiff as it is owing to the fact tioned, mid that Lincoln if elected will enforce Dixon's line. Here is a practical nullification offull measure of what they demand for the anti- slaverycause. Noriaitthemenaloneamong the abolitionists, but the women, too, who are actively, though quietly, working to bloomer pants and hats all through tbe northern and western portions of the State. The abolitionistshow that the ultra abolitionists will not vote tor Lincoln, and in various other quarters we perceive indications that they are working steadilyagainsthim,andforGerritSmith.Sup- pore that they should poll a hundred thousand votes for Smith after ail, how would it fare with the republican ticket? Or even fifty thou- sand ?—for that would defeat Lincoln. A ll theevidences are strong that the republicans will lose tbe vote of the radical abolitionists, and they are just beginning to feel that in this event they stand to a very bad way to this State, the turning point of the grand battle.N£W8 FROM THE NATKWAL CAPITAL,Tire F«eU»g at tbe Sowth ia Hegard to l.if coin • EUetlon—BoTimrati or Oer but just terms, and we are reluctantly compel- LAMARTQIB'8 OPINIONS OF TUB AMERICAN and the manufacturing, commercial and ship Mlal.ur to Cniaa—DepleraBlt State ofby thousands, who have been charmed withthe radical speeches of Senators Seward, Wil-son, Sumner and others, will now feel, withthese semiofficial republican manifestoes fromSpringfield and elsewhere, that they are be paragraph in the Boaton JTuentivi Traveler, of that movement will be tbe effort to secure trampled upon the Fugitive Slave law. Every trayed, and they will revolt, and for Presidentever from his thoughts.the specie of the country. If Lincoln is elected bargain has two sides to i t Will the black vote for Gerrit Smith, the regular honest aboli- ton, who were of the Committee of Arrange- on the Cthof November next, the cry among republican President coerce, his own party, tion candidate. ments for the Prince's ball in that city, have the people will be, "Go for gold;" and there is who in every Northern State have declared that not a bank in the Nortb or In tbe South that they will not carry out that compact of thewhich states that some of the solid men of Bos-"The enforcement of the Fugitive Slave law."Why,underthefirstimpulsefromtheprocla- Banks,who,itappears,wasnotinvitedtothe wouldbeabletomeetthecallsofitsdepositors constitution?partofyesterday,whichwasasourceofconsidera-ble annoyance and great inconvenience to thethousands who daily cross the ferries to New York.On the Hamilton avenue ferry many were delayedfar upward* of an hour on the boat before it couldleave tbe alip, and consequently the number of j B w n w n o togsrd this law with unmixed abhor upon tbe above named circumstance in severe meet i t passenger* multiplied to so large an extent that rence ; and there may be fifty thousand of thisIncommoding many whose places of business were school of abolitionists against him from the marksflt was an insult to the whole people ofbad politician, who has by some moans or other obtained; a reputation far beyond his deser rings. Frenchmen are proverbially egotists. With Lamarttoe the disease Is chronic In the coursepreerible conflict of labor with capital willbe fought, not at the South, but at theNorth, where there is far more danger of tosurexpress lateaea appreheaaioa of Saaeter to the Uatoa hi tbe eveat of LtaeoaVs election The dhmaioa one** menl, which has been hitherto attributed to politieiaaaonly sad atavehotdan, la becominf •astral among BOOdowntown. About ton o'clock old Sol mfBe hiswelcome appearance, throwing " light upon the outset It was the secret of the nomination of subject," dispelling the heavy mist, and enabling Gerrit Smith as the regular abolition candidate.Mateechusetts, who have again and again placedGovernor Banks In positions of honor. Hispublic career has refloated as much credit uponbis native State as upon himself, and be is the of bis career he has received very large sums only Governor of Massachusetts, in these lat-rec ion than at the other side of the line which slaveholders, white worklogawa aod mechacica, tha im-divides tbe Union. pression preralllag that the lepublioaaa, If seosamfal, The South in the meantime would suffer will aim to destroy caate betwee* aegroes aad themthe terry boats to make thaw regular trips.But then the promises of such republicanapostles as Seward and Wilson operated to con- Rsvrvar. or ran hUasAcaxs rs STRIA.—The ciliate the great body of the radical anti-slavery departure of Fuad Pacha has been the signal republicans. Now, tbese s*ml-ofQcial assurances for fresh atrocities in Syria. No sooner had he that Lincoln has absolutely turned his backof money. | He might now bave been in tire pos-session of a princely fortune, were It not for his for t mployment for berpeople, nor for a market•elvea by elevating the negroes to their rasa. BUCJOM*! at aeoaguThe attempted fnskm of the Bell and DocgUa force* am Georgia, reported from Augouu bytelegraph,only indi- cates to those aofvateted with Georgia politics, the ItrergthofBreeklarfc'gelathatState. Theleadersmay coalesce, but tha State is rare for Beeckiorldgeexulted over an intentional slight to Governorand note holders. We are all treading on athe stump against it, and there are doubtless in refreshment Several newspapers published In volcano, tbe crisis of whioh ia rapidly coming solved, monetary panic, from apprehension ofm a t i o n o f t h a t l a w , e v e n J o h n V a n B u r e n t o o k s u p p e r r o o m w h e n t h e r o y a l p a r t y r e t i r e d f o rthia State to-day one hundred and fifty thousand tbe Interior of Massachusetts have commented upon nil Let every prudent man prepare toB u t l o n g b e >f f o o r r «e t h e s e h a r d q u e s t i o n s c a n b e approaching political convulsion, will spreadhailing from this side of the water, was moved degradetheGovernorintheestimationofthe topayavisit,ofcuriosityprobably,toAlphonseroyal party. A s the Travtller very truly re- de Lamartine—a very clever poet, but a veryLetters received here from dbrUagafctied oaaaarvaUvMter days, who has made for himself aoothirg. She is not dependent ou the Northnational aware^ ourreputation. politicalA s convictions*h* first day or tbe second they believed him State Btreet foeslls have combinedjo a snobbish works, and Mr. de Place's mission failed.it an ingenious fiction of the republican leaders. remote contingency. Presidents aad Jadgea decide earn*everybody must are directlyb eextravagance and ostentation. The Frenchpeople placed bim at the head of the provi- a teeming soil, a population to cultivate it, andvcan save us from a great commercial revolu- of South Carolina, through Colonel Simons,it tails the country in tbis emergency, nothingcouM foresee'[To autmit,says the GovernorPKOPLK.— A short time since a literary lady,ping interests of tbe North will be ruined, midall who are dependent on ibem for employmentwillbereducedtostarvation,andtheirre- IndifiereotpartsoftbeSouth,me*whoareaoal«mi*tt,Northern pa/ty only embracing a portiou of the people of tbe North, while all the Southern States and many of the population of the North are opposed to Dim and in favor of Bre :kiu-the Presidency is more in conformity with tbe spirit and intention of the constitution, the ori- ginal compact by which a President was to be chosen by and for both the North and the South— tbe people of all the States. They willsettled at last which Is very far from certain, tbe consequences to the trade and commerce of theof God and the almighty nigger to stand by their principles, and not to vote for a white maa likeoldAbeLincoln,whocaresnothingforthe negro, but only desires the power of office that be may divide tire spoils among hisfriends,and who, if elected, will probably enforce the Fu- gitive Slave law.The documents we publish in another column and to her highest and dearest Interests. Ou the South, vi et ctrmts, a civil war would be from the abolition organ, the Principia, go todoing they will repeat the reeult of 1841, when theelectionofMr.ClaydependedonNew York, ahd the Biruey vote gave this State most unexpectedly to Mr. Polk.The Dfw pbaefH) which our political resolu-tion is evetj day presenting leave us the hopelaturesSouthern citizen will venture to resist them'. But if tbe Northern balf of the Union should oe guilty of the folly of attempting coercion offrom South to North and from East to West,the world for a market; and if the desired tomanufacture for herself, it would be impossibleretiretoprivatelife. Since that time hehas fortheNorthto competewith her. Butitis States,alsoacitlaaaofGeorgia,winleavetomorrowfarbeen engaged to genteel begging and not her desire nor her interest to interfere with home. Be is very guarded, as becomes his pa>In that campaign the enthuihsm of the wblgswas unbounded. They believed the success of servant Notwithstanding all this—and it is ad- er bank notes upon his head. He sent Mr. bat he has no alarm, though certainly u much ia-sulking, because the people did not show- tbe manufactures and the commerce of the North, aiiion, in expressing his views of political atUlri,ca-e to, lbt* ei ^ L i ^ T **"** most cordial nature—while it reflects the* BOimpoliteastofirethemalloffoveragainat istedbetweensomanyStates.Ifpoliticaldema- complacentlyatthaeesweatingmiagtteetdpSJ•"*•»•Bat moral of all this is t no exercise ^ 4a- , 1 M - . — ••••if, the returns greatest credit upon the members of the royal the head of the lady above mentioned. He, to•f rigor bythe Saltan ana have any ro-BBBvery veto of 16,000 or so party andtieGovernor,brings out theBBUII fact,havingbeendisappointedtogettingmoney gogues will manufacture diicord, to auittheir•nam n n " " " TheettisrneofWashingtonseemdeterminedonhern*raiiwaj a establishes la the PBfetipat ttea^tjghfierea HiriMi* a»p retinasown purposes, that is not the fault of the to- over his fanatical subjects, and Oay, and Pott was thus e f t s i t o / p r S ^ £ nets of the Boston snobs in'a still stronger from us charges us with his own weakness- an strument on which they are playing. But thelight We irust that the Boston papers will net let this matter drop. It should be thoroughlyUntitled DocumentiLreetigatfd, and the names of the offendersInordinate passion for the almighty dollar. The facta would seem to shew that it Is M. de La- martine, not the people of the United States,who h open to the charge which heNo better gaigeof thsatitsawaars aad earaeatoem of,blk! rrntlmeat on any political «ueeUoa eaa betoaad.ally apart fraaa aaBBaBBBBBj aad Ciaillihmi unocmanon now B* praymt to be ssalt tat the prrwrm- . i . r v t b rale*. Sat* sxrnftraiJati BBiM apfrf**'laws; ^lduptothatptbUcscornandcontumely309Fulton New York 13069peacefulcountry lareducedtoThomas M. TryniskiSouth 4treetwww.fultonhistory.comth S• IfAMAM.1)1they d o a n y more mischief, mid before a proa-» B « B * 