 «T efPOLITICALCONVENTIONS. stse C«HM • a• I alli of reb >y HANtw OEIRASS, Feb St, 1S80Cotton aschaaged; taks today S,000 balea. Sugar niDniikg tire, through all tbe words. As fast aa a strike isea*lyas«.would be presented with tne cooy o a work puhistad by them and entitled "A '.vice to Yo.wg Physicians ''San*-assy ai B e CKf.J^L^TTaV*A MEW-*- E E WA MMW TALEtaaw, asTBe Geographies I aad Stnt.'st icaJ Society. A meeting of llu IBSBJIIIB Tlimnit IT' Tnilii' 1BDBTJEIW Wasas rsasan I aas. avwTtMtlBsT a U tTlTltBaton H a f l . AMtOf UBBBCB*. a*"w»a»*wjf weMBS BBSsaaa aaasoa wrw^BsaaBBBB^^BB wasBBassBESB autaswwa ^^sp^s^ Bw^ssn^a*The Bsswaaf was oaOad to order by Ba Rrr Dr. F. LBABGSB—OB Ma brother, seaTbe friends of the a t o roi at the Morarar cbun afternoon, at one tVctockLets:, fnta* Market billIto a third raarttag.at, SCSABAB ]Jt-Ssward at tat Praartftsl riitntnato.fire about two o clock yeatorday Btoraing Th* conteat*» risaBling of a carriage, two sleighs, harness, and a lot of bat bouse sash, stored to th* buiidmg, war* ad destroyed. Tbe fire a supposed to have ongtoatod from th* aponta- neooa eewsbuattoa of seam cotton netting, which and justto leave for Spain, where be wfU find an abandonee of subjects for study. The best wanes of many of our fellow citizens accompany him. aad he anil on bte return un- doubtedly receive a warm welcome from the numerous levers a* art in our city.?114. .400 19ES3.. lOOtZiTui.. .100 sws 2BU8U).Crlstadoros Hair Dye. Wigs aadToa- 8x3- .100 19275.. 4tOJ27e9S.. .10W ..100!' ...wo ndSi—wtoa*peea the beat ta the world Wholesale and retail, sad the Dye privaaly applied. Mo. 8 Aster Boose.OppoetttoaCaaveattoa laSr. Lorst, Mareb 1, IS40.srs. 100 1BM2.. .1U> 2839S. .100 3X265. ..109(47116 ...too trtot.M B a t tOMaPiMtlatvdelatedtwodayslot the etty of Moor York, Fifty oath otroot, fifty trot ah1 eel, the Ths"Fifty-fourth street, a a d i M I toa_eart the lawAi.War. FASSAai Of THB sWwOerJBI AMD NIWARi RAILROADBILL m t a * BKATX, MIC.I, N, J., March 1, 1W».Tbe Seaass thto evening passed the Hobokeu aad New- ark railroad biB. wtth the Bawae amendment-, by * rote of 17 to 4. Th* bill awaat the aajaatare of tbe Governor to become a tow.The Senate, te eieuttUe to atom, rejected the nomtoa Man of Mr. Wheiptoy aa Chancel Inr by thirteen votes tor h& retocttoB,The Trenton aad Princeton Railroad bill passed the Bowse by aa urarttmoas vote, thirty nine being recorded.of1MB atBoaaoa, Feb.», 1S60.The ship Moegota, arrived to day test overboard, on her nssaasja from Liverpool. Richard Welsh, of Cayuga, N. Y , aad a German—bote tailon.Fire la St.ST. Loca, March 1.1S«0.A Bre broke o*l yeatorday Bwroaog m the mill of Ba k EMM, oa Cherry street, which, with the Pike's Peak Satoon. was entirely destroyed. The boiler manu-factory of Edward Boyle was considerably damaged Lata $6,CC0; partally insured.rbxeta. rHILADELPHi A STOCK BOARD.WORTNATtON T O » OOTOXOK- DELEGATES TO TON CONVRNTIOB.R a _ o u , Pa., March 1, IStU at iarg* to tbe Chartaoto* ConventKnBaxter. Joan JL BAOOKBTT8610NBE OF DEED* OF ALL THE STATES, Lawyer, N"**^ Pubbe aad V 8. PAEBPOET AGEET. B E D W A R D BI88ELL. 871street. Beer Tors.AMY ORE WHOKK RMAED STO* T OROW BATtr- raliymoausemyOngasat,wtuebaill feresatosnd won't stain or tnjuratbe arm. Prar SL For sale hy drugBtoB a toe Unoed torn.R. Q. qRaBAJt, MMEaawao street, W. T. A NOVELTT.-EINE DOLLAR HBTWTMB MACBTMBB-Escluave ageasy of a tew Stotos sad eonaha may yet be secured, loo war seat gnaraassed Cad oa or address J. W. BARTLETT. psssatos, srissail ontoa «21 inaadway. B. T.BARTLETT'S Bl'REISHED HBUX ETEDHcwe'a etoger'a Waaster A Wuaon'a, Orover A Bakare and everv dear rtptam of aaaeame Beediea apaaaatiy on aaa* cr mara in order. BABTLETT A >T>.beecile Mannfaenirera and Importera, 4X1 Broadway, E. T.CARBOR FILtBK8—A TALC ABLE IETEEY'ON FOR BaajSaSatarsload toe pohla aowarally, attosesd aay-rnaed States Carboo Fhtar Oompaay, to* Broadway, New Y ak.D1)R. YELFKAITB UAEKMBUKB--TBJBTETME8TJKI lesaedy yet kaowa tor I ft tTttfvS •tf mattCanker, Bote Hipptee. Bona, Iaeae aad aaraaaf every ktod.have eoaaa to our kwnwbtaae 'those asvereiv affiieted with thawUl warrant it ta every ease where used acsordsag to dawa- tkaw L a eq uai eau<o\ be pracuead. awraral pbysiriawa a m now osine it ta their practice. < >i«e esatnest phyaaeam ta torn coy, alter reading tbe recipe, remarked that it waa pevfeedy safe lo give to an infant rush a toe tar. For sale by allofPtutodeiptua. aad Geo. iai largea t e _ m ,ofa rss—t*— for Govetaar . H Witto's MBS waa baited wtth tfesaeaioue ap-paato, and a —*-— was trad by the En.iaaao Ctab. Aaaaef the other namespot forward were John L. Daw-too, Jaoab Fry, Nanrod dmckiaai and H. R Wright. the trst ballot rea—ted aa fodows.—r**kieBce of her parents, So. 139 First avenue mains to be interred in Calvary CemeteryiMbbu papers Dlease copy.Her rew_t Wrajbt••• « BO1269Mm^mxi —OB Tuesday, Feb. 28, at West Farms, in the Shi rear of her age, CHAELOTTB STOKY, wito of John MitchellThe friends of the familv are respectfully invited to at- tero tne tuners ibis /Friday) monung. at nine o'cioca. Her remains will be token to Jamaica for interment the same day.M(HLr>Y.—f)n Wednesday evening. Feb. 29. afters se vere ujnesB, Mrs BxxuGrr MoLuiv, aged 54 years and d? aay*Tbe friends snd acquaintances of the family aad those of her brother to-tow, Cornelius Reilly. snd her nephews, John J. and Cornehus P. Reilly, ore respect]oily invited to attend the funeral this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from her late residence. No. 307 M^JirT Mreet Iter remains will be taken to Calvary Cemetery for inter meat,MoKAGBAif —On Wednesday. Feb 29, BBTDOBT B , wife of .lames Moaaghan, and daughter of the tote Patrick Keliey. aged 28 year*The relatives and friends of the family, and those of ber brother Jeremiah sad brother in law,"Peter Jennings, are requested to attend the funeral tha (Friday) after- noon, at two o'clock, from 236 First street. Witiiamsourg.Moan—In Havana, oa Tuesday. Feb. 31, of consamp ban, where he bad gene for the benefit of bte health, CHAKIXB E. MOSES, of Xew York, to the 23d year of bis age.NewHavenandHartfordpaperspleasecopy.Six.—On Wednesday, Feb. 29, of scarlet fever, GBOBSKT SELLS AND CCEES—PROF. OB GEATWH Be autaaSa tfea untqaw and beautiful fabric to tbe judgement NIX, only eon of Walton J. and Mary Aan T. Oughaon, 1lercng.<JB the second ballot there waa no cficioeStocks steady Rm:road,30i4itefw.lo HOB. I. iG- Aim*, derstg *efaaaaitn trb „wasAA ABTOSTOF A6TOBYOF.! Pauses •aa made, oUowlagone of theTALE SEW TA1ETALE. TALE TALE. TALE- TALE TALE.A M W TALK. TALK,mad Fiberits act aa pttot, ordered to a third read-the tall, werea, rasart waa received frees tbe shag Ike amount of teas of tat bnilifw** of theMLof the Base Kuglaow aad ef theofthe deaf ana dumb were i, InI, aad readas of the Taafwaersl will take pace tha (Friday)J. Cto ooadaet the governiaeat Th* faverasseat cansecond ot her coarse of highly interesting readings, be degree? »ere oonferrei upon Messrs. Sauiuel T Parker Ladies. the Best Place ia Mew Work to turday afternoon. at two o'clock, from his Ute residence. Bold everywhere. JAPANESE POLibH OG,at eppeathan.da* yeaterday morning, arrived at one P. at SBBto, tor Hamburg, BrttahAlbert, tar Golway, aa rhichwere Is asfwill not leave their rsspuotiie wharves until thepermits Tbe ferries on bath rivers continued to ran.w*t at very long interval*. H a Staves Blandferry boats made but two trips after 13 M. No, '. church la th* city, dfts^lItsahfaBXat Qfy Jfsa&B^3s*astosftfim g*at* aaahv aassawmsaaisi asaatasMa [toaay^L t**af^sasB**ai^wlMcCee,forth*to •» » ' it uaaxpectedly fellin range of tbecleared away, aad the tee aatoaaa* as far as tbe ay*could ranch by the pate, dim moonlight Accounts ofheavy freshets farther op the river are doubtless an some 400 yean aad. The lecturer, to prove that th* Douaced by this targe amount of floating tee after so longsomatic ooaaeras, bat boaad together aa a poopto by chapel, combined to reoace Use number of visiters wham, tbe fsaers: girrernmeat. Ninth—In the adapttoa oftbe hdaml ooceutauon tbe States acted severally under mare favorable rirenrraf ncrs. it a certain would as fa* and independent sovereignties, deaagattng a have been prtoant The selections test night, althoughdress to tbe graduating class, giving them much whole some advice, both to their professional and civic capacity. It was then announced shot the prizes tor superior ex-cellence. "W*W* is 1886, would be bestowed by Pro feasor Bryan The fortunate gentlemen were Messra Alexander Hutching aad Thos. H. Whitney Professor Bryan, in saving the prises, remarked that they were the reward not only of present acquuttiou but of future pro- mise. He taen said that be ha i been deputed by h» colleagues of the faculty to sav a parting w<7rd to tbe gra- duanag class, which he did m a series of numorous remarksTa Dealers and Importers in S1.AST1C VCLCaBlXaU BUBBBB GOODS.Feb. 29,CHAEISBMSAKIXUS,sonofJohnandMan*Taylor.The friends and relatives of the family ore respectfully Indtopeaaabte tofaaaaiea a certain p e n o e n F a a s I• tit eaa or more States with the domesuc lastitabom of another m a su;> terawa aad a nolahon o£ the coa- tied throughout The principal pieces read were "The stsahaa, serving to weaken aad ucstroy tbe Uniou. Tenth Miller of the Dee," uThe fire King," by Bt- Waiter Scott; Tbe astoul tbe 8tate Legatoturos to defeat the purposes of "Steep," by Mrs. Browning; "Scenes from Midsummer U» Fsgst-ve Stove tow are subversive of the constirutionand a revoiotioaarv effiect lQeveatb—The demeoQc aadtureiga policy of Mr Boehaaan baa oeea eminently pare,patriotic, conservative aad Jflwt, aad we toot: upc-a theSTirrsm crowning his labors as the proudest nadicatioa ofttt aropnetv sad venom. Twelfth—We concur tn tbeviews and Vecaaunenaauoas on ins in is of dtote policyol wovernor lacker aati in tos prompt aad patrioucactom SQat ;ivrnag to the aotUsmttes of Ttrgiaa the fsigitsvm from jamtwlw onrtanpated to the Harper's Ferryrturage Tairteenth—the convieuoas sf the damocralic a geceroni* pubbc will rally strongly to Ute support of one parto of PeaLsytvasua rwmato aaabahOB a tbe wisdom woo so eminently deserves, even if the ea-mt command,J< ' "-— "TM~^ *~The views of Mr BaFoojrtowath cadwrsse the aoauoaroa of Beary D. Foster: therefrom a wsma, At. and which ebarge I here taks greatItRFOT 69 BROADWAT, M. TCOD U V I E OIL, FOECX>NdOM7TIOa.RECOMMENDED BY MEDICAL MEN.CHARLES' LONIX** CORDIaJ. CIN.la cases cf i-.Si.eiaa. Dronay. Gravei, I'cec, Ac. aad asA wnoLksoatB BE'TBRAtrB FOR GENSRAL rsK Ineiapen—ate tu hiiinna at eenats penoaa. Put -.;-, ia >ymtt and t mt b..'tUta a _ aoid byaad Jsaticea nli jialr fTffttbe great stapleeol the oaottrychaaaa eo the snbject or soeci&c duties were approved.Bepreeestotjves in Co&grru a-*- dnarad to procure wenmoatoeawae et MM laws as tbe uawtoe togatotton of tberecohhoea parto m lSel sender aeeasaary m toe praspe-rty of tbe todiasrtol tot»resw of Pennsylraua. oaacbargeofbaringenteredmyeatthasbaseatandttamgVOWLBB A WALUs', 30s Broadway.s>o, ptedges tbe domoereey- of IVna^ytvsaia to Uks aomi fc«eoftbeCbarlestni)ConveatKKThe freatoent bnrdy adoreesc-d tbe ConventionWastmoreiaad Ca, March 1—P.M. over tbe unes:- of itiisafulin" rmsrs Geaeral Footer. public boiidings are brtlbaatiy i'!amin«totf. General Foster appeared aad ac-Evcxy kmd of eatbssiaauc demonRepublican Conventtos. CanMU>, Feb 39, 1S«0.RepaMaaa Stale Coaveatian met at Carl Shuax Hani Croaker, John P. sn 1 Tbnmm m m to-** w e n chosen Islsgatospleasure to stating waa, upon investigation., found a be incur rea Ibareatneeaaanmiaail tbsi Mr. Usaator a a gentle man of tegh aaaemg and lategrtty, aad who. I belteve, was pertocSyIgsonuit andtennerml of tbe ebarge. I there! jr*. tabs am ope« tuatti at eapi*asti«my slnoaa regra aad apo logy a U a and Ms toattly and friends on aceouat of ton uafor- bwaMaaatr LOUin A. MAJttlff.M SUaun BraBR, Haw Y eax, Feb 33.1980.TOras sarroa or TUB aaaAin.Naw Toaa, Mareb L IdfiO.Tbe article which tea aooaared in toe vsnons lapera. re-BxUrTYRR, BXXBT ACO..U)C|TU6. ..9rt>!12213.. uo1209U9. .. ii», |3IMB3.. Wu 40604. ...M» 31138.. U0 40844....WKlsammrt*Sidl. .300 UK96...JW12892S ...10UI48S75. . .WO 47*23. ...KB With toaWeftvat Mat wreak of a,from Lrverpesi as 1Br. Lotus, 1Ttoi oa board the-MMad theaeod.aad batdldi, snd all.The jury Isaadaaad read a attar* oa the " Geotogy af B a Ssaooast afBat had takes ptae* a Ba seocoast af Bow Jersey, aad attributed Mass to subsidence, or aattbng af Ba atme.sndittetevstamsilerwards A atrip of tend steag tbe coast, that had ransom of the ocean, was superior in rlrhBBBB to asy faand ta the Watt, aad OBBMaat, It aaasas, he irrtaiaail by cultivation The fact wss proven. the tecairer thought, bejroad doubt, that the coast, at tbe pre-BaalArnved Ttb. atop Ssarkhag Wave, from Near York«rn!Bg. March 1. at tbe res*. ' of ba grandfather.'L B Bead, 324 East Broadway,1nr-sRfjBAntA.v.Bged6vear8 8Bd8 monthsTne funeral wUl take place tha (Triday) afliiBiaa, Bt1141rtatafTHETHE KlMO AMD THEBY 8YLTAMIW CORE, J E . WILL MS BEADY THE NEW YOKE LKSQMBOB BfOEDAT STEXTsmbaraf the LKDOES for Mr. Cobb's sowartid aasA1T BTBTRDRTJL'S—TBE ORAEOg 1 Btevetope just out, awwaryte, awyBroadway, eoraerof..fwb.T—it.m. Trade w«h the eouatry teaoporaray matm; astos oft,0tO basse caadtos, per the Eagle Wtog, at »>*«.; 100 half bbto. dear pork a t » OSK. tJJMJ gsltoas spthts tur- peatmsatT sc.sree o cloak,Dibble, sad eld ast dsughter ef Peter W. Lest, of tha ctty.PsAres.—On Tuesday. Feb 28. af acarte Daarea. youngest daughter a* t a C. and ;fairly vaubie here.WattFoo—TheonlylaadSi TALM TALE. TALEA l lOalyoae.o*ecere toborett sad leave families Tbe Cotoaer * BOW holdingRacsPBos Gives BT SHsxrcALan TO ROBBST DAIS Owsx —The sptntualau of the etty gave a reception to Bobcrt Date Owen, on Wednesday evening, at the resi- dence of Mr. A. E. Laing, to East Nineteenth street. All the leading apiritonl tights of New York were present, including Judge Esmonds, Andrew Jackson Davis, Mrs Bntton, sad a boat of other tody lecturers on spiritual and kindred topics. There waa BOformality about tbe affair. Everybody shook hands with everybody, and everybody waa delighted. At a late hour there was a supper. but toasts ami speeches ware igaored aa tamely stereotype snd tedious. In the early part of the evening Mr. Owen made a long speech, recounting the cause* inducing ha converakn to spiritaaaim, which mainly wasa repetition of the tacts art forth in tbe preface to ba ate work, entitled. ••FootpnLte or, the Boundaries of Another World.'• Brief as th- speech was. it waa received with unfeigned demOBStraiJOBS cf deiight. Mr Owen a shout fifty years of age. a«d has a very plain, substantial, farmer-eke appear- ance. Hit hair B gray. snd. unlike most spiritualists, he keeps a cleanly shaven face, with the exception of a aught beard c rding tbe lower pan of ba chin. It Mwell known he w the con of the late Robert Owen, the emi neat socialistic philosopher ana writer. A few years ago be was elected a member of Congress from Indiana, and until recently has been Charge d Ailsires at Naples, hav- ing receivec from Presideat Pierce hss Appointmeat.Ma. SHITE AXI> THE Srsarm.—The rumpus about the street cleaning is sti'l going oa splendidly between the Common Council, an the one side,and the Mayor, Comp- troller and City Inspector on tbe other. Mr. Smith never- theless continues the work, and will probably receive same six thojsand collars at the termination of his six cays tabor from the bands of the Comptroller. According to the eontractorswjwn statement, he is getting along fa- mous'y, EOtwithsUndisg strikes on the part af ha work- men wh'ct extended from Monday till yesterday, likesTto* Maw Jerseyth*TALB TALE.PmLABSxrmA. March 1, I860. Pennsylvania State o's. 92%: Reading MorraCaaal, il%: Long Isiaad Raiiro*i, 11 \ : rwaasytvaaa Railroad, 3ft. Sight exchange on NewYors; pax.N O . U@MASCR1,1890,OAthe third baitet Mr. Wat* received fifty Boor votea, B> Fry thirty, Mr Teeter thirty four, and the bxiance osamtrtof. N* otoeuoa.Mr Deunck of LyeeaMSg. no* snored, to a load and Mftfbaa" voice, that Henry I Flatter, of Westmoreland, be aoauaotod tor Governor by acciamaonttA seeae of the wildest ecihiuiaem ei.sued upon this.Tbe;T«ideetputlb*Button which waa immediately earned, and Mr Foster declared nominated for GovernorDelegates to Chvlestoa aa 1 elector* were appointedtbe Uaveaucw adopted a platform of reootauons. Tbe trot aecares unshaken cunnoenx to the fundamental sraesp—< of the aemocruuc party, as proclaimed at the caareutx-as beat in Baltimore and Qactiiaati Theaeeondthe agsatson of slavery—m or oat of COB : to weaken the bonds of common unaa, and thna create heart burnings, and oc- petwbie goad. Tbe third declares that o right or power to legislate oa the ;of slavery in the Territories. Tbe tourth any* theioftherightofe_xe_toboldalaveaint_Terri I at a jadicav: qoettma and not a tegiatour* one Itsdecama m commttud exeinarreiy utbeowirta. Tbe ftfth rbnoepowerbetongiagtoCoagreasisto . tows and execute taoaa. It betoaga to _ j Jadtotory to mtarpret them, and their decauon a SaalasAfaamlwMre, aad aboaid be cheorfally acquiesced in 8Mh—Tbe decame of a* irroprsaatbto oonftct batwaaa Xorttt sad Booth •( fraught wish danger to the booksiii11iataasmtoarts*ngotsofthe pasptaofUMeoa- tbwamsqr. fa iamb Tbr saior U the )Mams • abore and heyoaw all prtoe; tbe daty of erery patriot to frown mdig naatty opoa s a y iltown* to ahiaaata owe porttoa of the t'ntoa from th* real. £igbta—Tarn ireaaoa is oeprecaaedpara/ to awaato saauuJ of the gororameats a b » n- satod, ha mi J, as the government was, tor the coiamna swat of the whom oswatry All sovereignty rests wttnooamsont witain tbeir awn nauts m their owa tractive concert was given to the upper part of the Mr. Samuel J. Tildes then delivered the valedictory ad-woe of grrtogpiaceA by aa attempt toThe ferry boat John FUch, to i" "aitis from Hoboken to New York oa as half past eleven octock trip teat night, struck opoa a large field of heavy floating ice, throughHear.—At Bast Charter, Westchester conntv. N Y , A MBW TALK. A HEW TALK. on Wedoeaday, Feb. 39, Mrs. JABS EUXABBTH Hrrr, wffe A MBW TALK.activeat$132a*136forred,aadSI46aSISTforwhite. commencementoftheexerciseswmch,thankstoDod- Corn active, bat tern arm: white 67*e a T*to.. yellow 71c. worths band, waa borne very patiently. Mr. George a 73c Pork steady mesa SIS, prime $14 SO; rump lie. Wood, President of tiu: Board of Trustees, betag abaem. LarafirmsiU-,ca11^c. Whiskeysteady.B O l B _ _ » FAWTLT'HEWIEQ EUCHIEKK. Thebataeaa49SBroadway, Stew Tort132 FatesPmiAoaxntiA, Mareb 1, I860. Floor qoiet aad little export demand Wheat active at SI SoaSISTforwh:t•andSI 36a$1 40 for red. Cora closed wah a declining tendency yellow at 7sa7ac., white at 73c. a 73c. lata steady. Provisaoas uachaaged.Whakeysteady.CcnxasATi, March 1,1860. Floor doll at S5 SO a SS 98. Whaksy dull at Site. Pork staaay mesa, $17 a tl7 SO. Macon quae Money de- cidedly mere stringent Sight exchange oa New Yorepureaaatog one of h a inisoitable b a a eaa. by any poaWtumy, be daaepaiBtad ta i a tetrtesic superteruy, ruber aa regards Bs nawaass, beauty or ilsseljUllj.•White, the Uatter, Introdnee* hisay a of W. ttos day. 116 Brjoaway. opposue to. Paul s sprtngiThe retehves snd friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of the father, 163 West Seventeenth street.PEAKS*.—On Wednesday, Feb. SO.ofter a short illness of effusion of the brain, FBST>ESICT WIUBX, youngest son of Augustus F sad Anna L. Pearse.Farewell, dear brother. Sweetly Bieep in Jesus Cecil the judgment day. Farewell, a test farewell, We'U meet you there.The relatives and friends of the family aremvtted to attend the funeral without further notice on Sa-row. aad ail arugiata. PrasSSe , Sue. sad 61. He -o aelphta. P aPROGRESS TSBBTjii RorTTNE.QCBRr* COD LIVER OIL JE_T. Patented August 30, US9Is the osly remedy far eoasumptian aad all ktads of II a twice more eOicaooaa than the h,uid oil^^ Atae,y C h R l 'rfMELLTFIEn CASTOE OIL, (pa*BB—L)To be aad ot tbe taraater, 136 Foertt aveaoe, and aU able druggaa. PKE90LD, P AREER A MOWBK, U man atreet. whnlrssls sgena.PBRET'S JAP ANESEBOOT AND NHOB FOLtSB aPLKNDin GLOBS—EO RUBBING—SOILBadvanced \a 11-16 per cent.eaurcn.B r w o s U jrm—wT 111 t a a tocrapba miDiatiiie to life m types. %&Fultoni•aaCaaseo-rypea, Daguerreo-i of their powers to the federal goveraavmt as seca-.dasgors, domestic or foreign. aad any iniar- cientiy iateresticg to keep the aadtence pleased snd satis-abeald aay wwaaa. sssinsrlas or Breas be pwasnte* by wv. Ham Judaoe. npua ta*tatoe yisawes tost be baa aay rtcbt or ttle u. such Tulcaalasd rubber goods as are aad acre bawa elahned bv ua. tbey have oaly to b u d over thaw papers aad the management of tawtodetecce to Messrs. BUesford, Seward A Gns-wtMd. our eouasel. wbereupee w e will defend all sash subs, witbom eon or conditions aad sold all sneb perwma eoavpanaa or firms aarsslaa aastoat any aad allsiaanaof Waa.ItotMngte thto aboB be deeased to release mfrmgera from re spaaabuity tor tntrtogmg our adjndtested and esjabiaaed rigBts to tie exeiuure monopoly of tbeae roods. All fsepesu-b* merebuits now see tbeir safety a earn* Day's I mesas Slami a. tbe aeenrit- aader wfiiab iiaa been amraaed ta abootali tbe cireuits of the DaBed mates, ezoept Califoroav waere no suits have yst been broiigb* to tosnng.tha (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock.WABBBXL.—OB Thursday, Marsh 1. Mrs. EukAjorrsWAKDELL, late of Brock township, near Toronto, rSni'ls West, aged 73 years and II months.The friends and acquaintances are respectfully tented to attend the lunerol, on Saturday at twelve o'clock, from the residence of ber son in-law, John Hall. 134 Pearl street. Brooklyn.Toronto. Canada, and Glasgow, Scotland. papers please I'-'Pr-"BllBCmL>LJLKmU>W*.ALL DRLGGISTa, QROCBR8 AND COCBTRT C H A N T SMa* BIXST * POBTICAL RBAMSOS—This lady gave thefore a rather sparse assembly, at Hope Chape.', test night. N. Y . Thos. H Garrett, Pean.; Campbell Morfit, N. Y., oato exat as a sama of Statoa—aorereiga sad m The inclemency of the weather, aad the fact that aa at- and the Rev Mr. Shear. Connbut usiieri an*Buasa Boon, lodi, Babbera. Ac., for your- No. 247 West Nineteenth street. The remains will be 647 Brooeae street aaa aoar Won of lliiBiaajnot as attractive aa those of the first evening, were sa.ii-Night's Dream," Sac Mrs. Btnst waa ID excellent voice,and g i v e the fullest effect aad the beet interpretaiioa totbe words of her author* Tbe court scene in the '•Mer Dr Green read a letter from the Presbyterian Board ofchant of Venice' was meat favorably received At the cioae of bar reading. Mrs. Blunt rcLred amid kmd ap ptoase. The next reading of this esttmabte laly will take place at an early any, when she wiii bring forward soeae productions of the best authors, aad it at to be hoped thatPublication. to the eflect that each member of tae class fPolice Intelligence. to THB anrroa or TUB UBBALD.Herriaaj's Patent Champion Firesnd burglar proof Safes SSI Broadway, corner of Murray street, h e w Turk.Class T ec. drawn at Wltonngtan.. BeL, Wedoeaday, February if IS60.2*Tour readers will doabttoa iraainshsr a smtoaent which was tutMiateU m your pwper of tbe Sua ot January, m wtoeS it is eased that Mr. J. J. IIsealIT, a tew student, was arrestedWhesler eVWilaoa's Sewing Hahrioes^- Oface See Broadway, hew lerk.FRANCE, BROADBR1TTS A CO. MANAGER*.Priv iJTo. FVac'jro Prt»> iJT.-,. Print y0. PrizrCity Mews.F m AT BAT Rinca.—The carnage house and an ad-af mBir,1*irim*-gg tbe ia—toard ebaracter of FTJR8 OOONAC BRANDT.baday navpradtoeatey^ea aa twaaoat aa aaua*o7 s _ ate-Mtfingiiat b*fa t» th* rbitoafn Catvan torn. Strong reeoiauoaa jomtog boiidtog, owaed by Mr. John L Bennett, of Baywere p—mil lastracttag the dokgtes to TO** for Wiiltom H. Ridge, below the Dghth ward line, were conatuaed by in the neighborhood of 64,000. Mr. Hall expects soonBeautiful Complexion—Laird's LiuaId Pearl baa aebaved a setotoiiy m barms ae equal for beatdify tag and tiiianiisgaaain 438 Broadway.Byto...wo aa*'—uteof« t « the counties were represent arl. The been otted ana painted. The teas te shoot S1.S00 parAritjiiTBBjrr BT TBIwss yesterday appointed by Mr Detovan. City Inspec- tor. Cterk to Franklin Market, and sworn in by Mayor Wood.Tat 9rpfOB*r> Wire MCEDES at Firnxra STSRST—EXIT s-ATJOSf ASP POlfl MOSTXS EXABXSATiOB Or THE RSBAISS.—Dt*.Bcuton and Gallagher on Wednesday made a post mortem easaatoaasa of the remains of Mrs. Catherine Conian, whteh had bam disinterred for the purpose, aad span which an inquest bad been held by Coroner Schirmer on the 10th of February tost, a verdict of aapaaa swan-it be- ing rendered. The friends of the deceased were not aa- utned with this verdict, thinking that her death waa Ute result of violence at the hands of her husband, who bad been hem to keep the peace some time previous, for ill treating her The post mortem examination efaawed that to* cause of death waa aethsromatous degeneration of tbe e c r u , the symptoms of which exactly resemblepectoris The District Attorney, upon aaoettoiniBf the re suit of the post mortem examination, discharged Coalan fromcaatody.DOATBor ACsiii) raoa DBETKIM,LKR-OB—Coroner Gam- ble hem aa inquest aa Wednaaday, at 336 Wast Forty-aixah street, upon Ute body of John Young, a child, four years of age, who dad on Tuesday night from th* aaacto of drtoktog a quanty of gin sad bear. It as nas that to the absence of ba mother the deceased took ucaaoftheu- qher from the table and drank a considerable quantity of it and that ee her return she found ban to an asssaxhta,a whichhe 'Aicohofaaoasrlngflited the offloe of UaMed rjtotriet af Mew YorkIt will aetssB thatJcuathaa Fak »n TKFaaory a removal to taBoadstxeeu Private eaaaafls torHilTs Hair Dye SO Cwtots. Black or brown.—Depot No. 1 Barclay street. Sold by all druggists te tbeUnBedTrmeaes of atvery Description far P*LBeat retention of mature; bathing Trusses. Supporters, Sboul- der Braces Suspensory Bandages, silt elastic Htoeaiusa. Ease Cops, Asktete and at sursical appliance* satesttncaLjsp-lted by MARSH 4 CO., Mo. 2 Tssey street, Aator E~ use. New f oak,Butler's Trtoaaea, Sapporters and Spinal Biaoeatbetototoaae,atae HCLL> TrwaOtaee. 98 WhaeHolioway't Pills and Ointment—A flear iplexioa is nisBBliil a health aad beauty, white pimples, biotcass aad aalioeasas lciicat' a disordered stomach, liver or blood HOLLOWAT <* Puis have a specific aetton oa these vital fuDctions, aad the Salve expurgates the sun of aU foal8B1S. 9108-Ko..iUQ 100 38691. ..100,4B6» SQ194....40H 3U&94.1 .100 StaHB ...SOU.19218 ...swoteraika cf tbe aaa rasaaaabte wtoe manmiia ia Ba TJnBed Btotoa, YBM TTBR GROWERS OOMPAKT BBS autacnaed toe aaaaey toCugaae Braady IMC ASSaVtJT^UBKAC^trade and pubbc bvtheiEvarybetxteteB " eorks bear the i aertotton of toe otomty." of toeeampasy.T h a ri torge, sad eapreesive of the etsamt bar-isstoam. Tbe coarentiea west permaaeaiiy I»v theetocttoa of Hoa Abel Leonard president, •aual amaber of vtoe preaidanto aad sscretarios.taking the chair, saaaaansrt the object to be Mm snmmamn of Boa. Edw*rd laesaajdaa tor the Preadeacy of th* Unitedwss adopted oppostog the arrant _JC parry to regard to slavery to sopaam* of savory agwatiea aad theavowalaad t«» tbe treaaesabie avowal thate. of the candidate of aay party, is in itself - i tor a ti imftiiBiin «r the rjatoa to favor.lto APPROXIMATION PRIZES.ttoBy insured to the Dutchess County Mutual Inairanre Company.Ssaior* AccxMHT BT TSBI Kxruasoa or A PBHOL—A y oung man, named Wttto, reading at th* corner of Boyt •odPatrtftertrtett.metwitbatonouBatxideatoii Wednes- day aight. which, M a feared, will result totally After having retired to bis room, be examined a ptotol, when itscetoantohgr exploded and aaattered the barrel into frag- His right hand was so much muElated that aapufound neeesnary His hand aad face were.101.^20452.... 100 30644... 120688...-lid38B2A. . . . 1 0 949701.10000...wo:ty torn. rt covery.There are bat faint hopes of h aTas COCST or Saawoas —m this Coart, yeaterday, the Dtttnet Attorney oaHed attmiurr to the tact that a pti- loaer whs was convictad of a felonious a—nit upon a MBte boy on Thursday of Mat weak, sad then sentencedstill to toil, andtoade a mattenthat the Sheriff ba directed to coavey torn to the Baa* aratontorthwtah.t o . assowMaaa*The case of Dr. Sasphen B. Doty, todtotod for aa attempt tonoseas^bornsVwad 'orassaultaadbatterytpm Caatortaa McGoey, was salted oa; bat, by coasest, th* trtol w s s pottponed until th* 14th tosh George MorreU was eeavmaad of an aasaaMaad battery apon John Faaa- sna aadsssesalairaitMMa> J—T**~*T ****** John Bbort, tea tidal af petit larcaay, was fined t » ,guilty » a r.milar amety aays;mmm svw «L,—*-. s^tfwistvaa r^^w f m, www ^ww ^^w *•*»>,, M»7t, SB08. MMh, tojgg, 1M7, SMI, 3H«, W l•MM, 3833, Stat, »1«, tw«7«, « » , !«•*, 3416, W l•ltas, 1st*.tBaa *"— tuo •awar^wa^ awBBBBBq, ABBBBBSO^ A waaaaTp BBaStoFto"BSMaXaTaTaTsr aasTvJDBaBr jBsswBwa^QswaaTa- wwar\rwaaw^BHHa^saBV IsP ws^Rff asaawa vassaJ m~^^sad Saawi Rfoy W'jreJi'ha t*uer James A W-..'*3) M Ben.'*—is **•arerottaad b^atag th*N W YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1860.aMsassakBa stea • nas i I*•aan to await theaetm .of thaiat the rate of some two feet ther.Bslyifeet high, i te foot thick aad whteh k was enable to force a passage. The boat waa tafikedaad t a s around the field. The fog had entirelyanother—seemed to shew that they were of no very great aged 25 years, 9 months and 16 say* A TALE.steady Sight ejtchaage on New Yora par to ^ c da- made Mr. Smith replaces the dissatisfied with others,cawat.mere reliable. He B determined to keep cool snd fight it oat We recommend our housekeepers to assist him, which to a certain extent they can do by not putting out tiieir ashes until Monday, if it can posaibly be avoided. The Bowery, Broadway snd several of the down town streets already show an improved appearance.GB-LDCAnoa or MSDSCAL DOCTORS.—The tenth annual commencement of tbe New York Medical College took p a c e test evening at the College building to East Thir- teenth street. The lecture room of the Ciltege was well tided, a large proportion of the audience betag ladies, whom the anpropttiousness of the weather did not deter from rewarding the success!ul caudiuates wit* tbeir pre-la lOsc- for middlingaatosto-day 7,000batesat lti-.c.Cottondecltoed. c . ;SAVASSAH, Feb. SO, I860. Cotton Bates to-day 1,300 bales, market tending downward* Sales of the week, SJteO bates Receipts of tbe week, 13.(M> balea against 5.500 bates test year. Stock :a port, 79,s00 balea. Sterhag exchange 8K per cent pre- aataav.CauBiJBRDtr, Feb. 29,1860. Cotton has aa advancing tentoacy, aaies to day 3,000bales.(.entltrntni Hats. SPKIMG F ASHIOWMoana. Feb. 2», I960BUT-wwr—, March 1, I860.Floor active aad a m Howard street ta B0. Wheat sence ijo smiles. There was some little delay in tbeG_________ ___acontinuance of spring weather .Western World bed been vented prior to 1433, referred to tbe fife of Ostoxabaa, written by bte own son, ta which he states that bis father ta the month of Feb , 1474, vaited Tyte-Thste, or JYteatand—supposed to be Iceland— and there met with Btahop Magnus Eyolfson, from whom be teamed the fact of the exatence of another continent Immediately on Coinmans return to Snato he set himself about getting up ba expedition tor the discovery of a new world. The enthusaam daptayed by Columbus, and the great oontd>aoe he always bad in bte theory, might or might not have been baaed oa the informttion and to have been received from tbe bishop in Iceland, the facta were very meagre, and the lecturer said that he was not disposed."by giving tbssa, to detract anything from tbe genius of Columbus.Among those present we noticed Henry Grtaneli, Esq.: Dr. J. J. Hayes, of the Polar expedition; President King, of Columbia College: aad Mr Francis Hall, who a aoout to proceed on another trip ta search of the relics of Sir John FTsnkhn. The room was well filled.After returning thanks to the lecturers for the able manner ta which they had accomplished tbeir tasks, the Society adjourned.af rraacs, Brosvdbeats as Co.'a Delaware 1iSli iMe —•toeszx COUBVT—CLAM S2 MARCH 1. 1880.41. 16. 31, 23, 37, 60. 1, 17. 64. 49, 13, 68. UoasousATa* LOBVSBT—caaaa St MABCB l, teas. 68, 75, 60,78. 3t. 4a, 60. 34. 72, 12, 25,15,27.FBAMOK, BROADBMBTT* A CO., Waaasstoa. Patowara.tha (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, without farther notice. Cars tear* Fourth avenue aad Twenty seventh street at nine A MLmBSAT—OB Monday, March 1, ROSASSA, wife of John Lindsay, and daughter of the tote Edward N. Lather, aged 34 yean and 11 monthsThe relatives and friends ef the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, oa bandar afternoon, at eae o'clock, from bar late residence. No 0 Yaadam atreetLBGGBTT.—Oa T uesday, Feb. 38, AABOS LBSOBR, in the 68th year of ha ageTbe funeral will take ptose from the residence ef ba nephew, Reuben Leggett, Wsshington avenue, near Ful- ton avenue, Brooklyn, on Sixth day, 3d month, 3d, at two o'clock in the afternoon, where ha relatives sad frknds are respectfully mvitod to attend, without further notice.MooasT—Oa Wednesday, Feb. 29, of coasumptioa, TsoBAS J Moosrr. in the 19th year of his age.The friends and acquaintances of the family ore respect- fu'Sy invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of his mother, '217 West Twenty fifth street, between Eighth and Ninth avenues, tha (Friday) afternoon at one o'clockMCGBASB—<m Wednesaay, Feb 29, of water on tbe brain. MART EILEN, the beloved aaeghter ef Thomas and Mariane McGrane, aged 1 year, 7 months and 11 daysThe friencs sad those of her uncles, Patrick Meiiraue and Inomas Wall, are reapecdaUy invited to attend the funeral this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from thea i r S TDADOHTMKi•-•- ^.«Mr PeterCooper,theVicePrenoent,presidedinba stead tbe exercises o! tbe evening were introduced by prayer from ta* Rev Mr. bauitedei. Rector of St. Ann's deal mate church: after which Or Horace Green, Presi- dent cf the College, administered th« H-ppocraUc oath and conferred the degree of i -ocior in Medicine upon the tol towing gecUemeL —H*'.cn*,.orr Andontea, T untey; Jao T. Bates. Me.. Lewis V beers. N. Y : Henamg R Oaraea, Va . Thomas Green. Col. lira B Goodate, M Y.; Titus Hart. N C.; AJexanier Hutchtns. V Y ; Dunisl E Mars ton. Me Bernard McEcu*;,Ireland; Simeon V. Pilgrim;NY;HenryWReaebcg,NY.HenryMSmith,N.Y., Taos F. Smith,N Y ; J S Tyler, S Y ; Francis L Town, N B . Thomas H. Whitney. N. Y. Jas. P. Wyer Go.; Emu Dinx, N Y.. and Robert K. Tithill. N. Y Honoraryoftaas^ibbewaathefulteaeoandeneetaatnogentleman aged10months taeOd. ForaaiebvBARNESAPARK, lSarttlathe time of Mma very good•to^•SS'.H ai The exercises were concluded with a bsnenction bythe Rev Mr Goulteiet% THB Fare AXB>—SALS OF MR HAU.!< GAiikST OF PICrrssh.—The sale of Mr. George U Hall s paintings took Phrenolojrtcal Exaruinations, ShowingT $4 SO—DOUBLE BOLE WATERPROOF 8EWCD ALL DRLOuIBTa, GROCERS. FBUITERS— AND tXMTK-T R I M K R C B A . X T < 1DEPOT 4c jtRCAJWAT K. T.CIN3KBS 6KWIEQ MACHINESAre supertoi tor all maanfartnitas: t>u rpesea Are more daairaule for aL kuda of taaaU) saw Are utpatoe af dosac a greater vanaty of work- Are free from lac fauhs of otber aiactiaeqAre almost nstaetaas is their operaaaaaAre much better, aad thaetote werto more are perfectJy temple, and easCy kept ic order. Are cheaper, because taey eara saore aaooef. Are icat tbe Machine for every family.I. M. BINGoR A CO^ i& Broadway. Mew Toaa. Uc } u_a swae.. Broebbyar p H e VINE GROWS—V COMP ART OF COGNAO. CAPITAL THREE MILLIONS OF FEAJfCK.The COCNT DE 8AINT-LEOIEK, JULa* DCRET Ear; "at now vooa, JOHN f S B O B NNo, 6S Bwavar TfcJi eoiporaUmi. ws"place,as advertised, last evening, at the Academy of De tbe taiento, defeea and proper occupation, given daily aI)KAWIRG OF THEGRABD CONSOLIDATEDLOlTERT OF DELAWAB&BlltterUntitled DocumentC mLusrscTOR.—ThomasCoadyHawks.Pretodent,aad theminutesof UMLVfiBstBttofBOGABT OBteteifuneral en iTheofBaAfter tbe proposal of several sav {WsnawfiB W f NiiaW!P0ttjtB aasau BOOK fl W aal wtnaasaMCtCC, rTnCaswEsM* U M 6 I U -A sToaT or airfifantiquity. There were trees growing on toeee moundsDraw mars mt fifee Oela raw. WOuD. BDDx A oo., ~DBLAWAas—BtaSBB ULASS,64. 42, 43. co, 17, 3. 6K. 1*, 60. 29, 36, 73.PaLAWARB—OBAH BO lot. MABCB 1. ISM.51, 17. 63, 45, 40. 77, 28, 62, 4S. 54, 60, 27,75,52,64.Cbwatars seat free pfjaaara* by s Hi sating WCXH'. BTiDr A CO. -Official Drawtaar af Hodges, Davis d» Co. a Cioneolteaterl Lotarw at Qenr*to.CLASS S57, MAKCH I, 1380.64, 38, 22, 30, it, 38, 41, 75, 11, 50, 19, 78, 1.seabed sififiBBroadway. Circulars seat free. BODGBS, MAVIS A CO., Ms lagHS.Mason, (aarsfe,188Q.HATTKR,118 VASSAl' STREET,Baa now readyTbe spring, toshlin for geatlemea's Hato.In makiE? this anawaceeaaeBV sapeaaabeld B deatroos to state thai, a toeopteaa of manv competent judges. Us H a s forthisseasonoreprsanuaoedtobesuperiora pointofsoto, nentMaaof waiialsl sad eigntoto worBsaaasbLp to any taat bare preeerdad u.Brw Tosx.Feb.SJL1880.X Xcab*dreesBooto. K.B.-Callandsee ttos.sign. in Tenth street. The colkctton. which bad been oaexhibition for the past two weeks, consisted of 143 pic-tures, mostly fruit and dower atudiea. and sketches fromnature—many of them genu of their kind. The atteddance was quite good. including a small number of the fairadmirers of art Before commencing the sale Mr Leedsremarked that these studies hart beer mate by Mr Hallto the last eight years, with the inteation of rettliuag themhimself, but it the luraberance of his design of spendingseveralyearsinSpain,they would nowbedisposedofat The Doctor Kane Refrigerator., at C yes. .1U0 12H5..public sate, and as these were tbe oaly pictures which Mr. Hail would offer ba friends before his departure, they mast improve thto, th«r only opportunity, to se- cure a memento of him He added toot the pictures would be sold without the frames. The first pieces altered were landscapes sketches, on which the bidding commenced rather reluctantly, be- coming more spirited on arriving at the fruit aad dower sketches Among the pieces which sttracted universal aamirstten, tbe following are the most noticeable — '• Strawberries from Mature,'' purchased by Mr Btlhntrs Si S96: " Raspberries," a study from nature, by Mr. Rock well, at 3130; " Roman Children at the Theatre.'' by Mr. Van cchsack. at $75, ' "Purple Plums,' by Mr. Barttett, at $65. and "September,' a large fruit pace, by Mr. Harper, at $360. The sate was to tbe aam atoafaoiory. amountingO. BASSKORI TS. the Cooper laabute.The Best AnsartxaeBt of Houses:*-eping Aruciea m the eitj at E. 0. liAuSEORDS. Cooper Tnatituta.M»J1278 .SIOblttT. .1(1)21683.F O B H. SBPBM8CHSID,ill IillWa JOOKRAD FOX, ~ BCRR1LL A CO., 162 Kasaau t-N KSFKNSCHEtD. Manufacturer of tieaa'selves and ealidrec, te at MILLER A CCS, 387 Caaal streettaken to Greenwood Cemetery for interment.TAYLOB—In Brooklyn, E. D-, on Wednesday evening, RECObtBTENPED BT KEDICAL MENCHABLF8' CORDIAL LOHI>>« OfN.age.: 3 years snd 3 months. ic eases of Iiyspepete, Dropav. Gravel. Cohe Ac . and aslira. Utntlew'i Soothing Syrup.MUneas of botttas ore now used every year a the Cnited 3477710014324ft ...loo .290 43*86 ...W0 .100 43*37 ...WDS i n e sfor ebiWienatUuug, wtth never fulling sueeeaa Oatytoeastoa-ateltof3961. 42Il7 MS!.35194. -lOOlSMBe1*077....lou 23+U.. .um'35115. .100 44114 .ISOBarry'saraete fay read44489. ...400sue .100 1"612.. .lik saw: 300 :i5H,J6. 9Mk 44961 ...loo o! tbe » t i of that aaasa waa ofaa—sad tor toe Ire StateBate, IDS Nasau street.G a l l e r y .P h o -• • • '"m^mm^m^j}.w—.u.u.. ,i1,1 ..ii^,..-...,.^,,,,,,,,.,,,,,,.j , :IA^njv.,jjf^0m,^miymi^l,[:vwviMwstvnrr, t h a t i(JUIBSTfBCtB WPf'C I ramgof thewn noticed by manyfor B> The lecture was quite to by the aodanee with the g H L. Hassan, Eta., wasa vary entertoiamg paper en theWest." Tas theory of the IsarseBat ttwy were sand* tor Ba Northmen, who reached Vkat coattoent from the north of Europe about the year 1001. ffca idesaty of language belanguages af Ba sinBaia part of Ioiope was remarkable, and went to prove the eoppeaitten. Relics foundia the tumuli to the Watt a cress to one and a cap to of Nehemtah T. Bant, and daughter of Tli IT— aTJasto, A TALK.Tbe re'iatrves and friends are i iwpeetfmiy invited to a: A M E W TALK. tend the funeral, from bar has rastoasoi, at Mast Cheater, A MEW TALK.gave ar, 9 months aad•as* o clock, Bast her late Her friends aadattend.HUODBOB—In Philadelphia, aa Monday Feb. IS, HABBY HABBI*)*, m the 30th year of bte ageA MSW TALK,A WHOLESOME BEVERsGK FOR GENERAL CaK. Ctortea iJoodywar, ta the Tknea af Fob. S3, w e #T* oooee thai, invited to attend the funeral, from 85 3outb Second street, and ptal bottles aad aoid bySatoiais a toe a a d of WHIteaa Joaawa, also steand byHORACE H. DAY ALAXAMDRRHAT.BO Wo aNa . j u J Gr *p Bw 8; ' , , 1i u0 : at na ud i1^2 A A Sn Un al t ur eme t ;, a t e o a t S i . F r e n c his tfea ato8JT av100124064 .aMRlitotto.a*.9100 448*2 ..3*30l«87. r.Hi. 2622.133S3..16*. 794....—t 7*3 SB 707 « >Mewthe BtoBils toshwfeasiiy are aatted as at— rWaaaVjr^ FftO. jMr* Gaoaca, a aattve af I land, in the 50th year ef her ace3asB. ISltvliiSt2....h»2tMl. .luLiiarM. :M) ?'J6S9. ...luo..100(31311., 100 41344....luo 3)0i313fiU.. .loo 41396 ...10U . JOtl s i ; * . . .200 41686. ...200 ..ItAI idi*.. sou219&5. .400 32054.. 100 41S7S .30080 I 32570 1080 42272 ...100 .1110 Uel3....2.2O00 221S0 ..WO :«147.. .100 . W0 I — -mm... wo 33350.. .400 42491 ...200..2U0.100 I564»....180 2am:.. ..ICO 34#»...IUU.1W> 16S3S... 900 23*5u..3W i&iif 167S33652".KhM. ...iw< 176*0 30IO 2511S.. hi* UPU 45575. ...wo18169....109 3BSB7. .2twi. 38814. ..sou ...wo 7017. "T.so was*....** 25J9T.. . 400 3ttH*. ..109 46*3 ...nil77B6. ...103 lalX-.. .400 25446.. 100,38961. ..ICO tol 19 lou 372as. . 200S2U7. ...100SB6C....too 25118.. 100 36360. .400 ..SOUtees auar.rec proprwrtona at toe I Cngaac. u* extensive eaBhOatePrix. JTo. Prim. 1X689 2 0 .1S99L....99.1U"13SIX. .MB.wo 3S3PT..100 44S0S ...W037994.31)0 l»4(rd.. Jau ZSBti. UW 38229. -.100 46978. ...luoBntcttelor's Hair Dye, Wig and Toapee diss. .100 19974....100 29806 1JIM38887 ..100.48216. ...1.0 BrandybysaeaSBBBBBoalyaswffl aaa*theapprovalaadoa»itttofSSBV-^, US Prmce streetare reapeetfully mvitod to A JEW TALK.reapeetfullyTJOSHTOITS..luo tbe Broady arowu ...BO e peoaeee otS T O R io T O M T O t *v"*T GIF4IT81 3arelay 1a af Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 