 •The steamaWp Nothcrn Light arrived at this pott yesterday a'teraoon from Aspinwall, having ~$£Zl&-•»«*» w aw<• .** —*- A — tailed from that port on the 19th in-tt. She broug'ut ^TukrlMlLTHtHAtU <m raSaassaf. (rt /b«r r * * par tbe passenger* mails, and $1,435,3:57 in treasure, wh*ch left San Francfcco on the f.th inst, and which re-achtd Panama tae same day the Northern Lightbelp tbe mattf r out, charge twenty five cents' Emanuel B. Hart, Srrveyor of the P„rt ef New for actmisbion, calculating, no doubt, that as Yoik, for London, has been a them of COB this is a great anti-republican city, it is good siderable anxiety to oar i/uid nvnc*. 8e_e & policy to get the quarters H tney cannot get the tbem are inclined to believe that he hat g^* voters. to see the court, others that a large fortuneA *j * *,':>*! L*i« V 4I WU0SBlpusctitewereSO'.Cvoto40,ef0t»"*h»tsco— *cdwh*at, Another St»»ffl« •» *B*Game cf EttT&pvtm Nmatr-T I>rollttlr'a Exposition mf Bt*ek•rnc * u. w,Ija.t)or Calm t i dates a-e to March 10, and thoseof Hoag Kong to Februiry 28. At the latter pl*se the market wa* tractive.After three and ahali ddje of discussion, the that the Austrian Emperor has it in contempla- Committee on the Platform has reported to the tion to pay a visit to Queen Victoria, and this\jnion to make their campaigning speeches, the new Comi_j*i(-n*rs must see that each a thing dies not happen again.cadetocapturetieCoun*deMontemoUahadtt wouldappear,beenfruitless.A Dutch paper states that Belgium wishes to purchasetheL-lardofCanla.InTurkey Omar Paciia hadbeenrecalledand COtoMaa OF RAdOAU AJfD FtfLfOS STS- appointed to the eomm >nd of the army in Roumef»plem*r|r.The rumor of the probability of a clseeeviente between Austria, Prussia and England teemstobegainingfaithamongstEuropean politicians. We learn by the Africa's mailsft<ptta>Ifr_fl»a—Trie lrmth AtdtbrF»J- lacy tn Has View.Tbe black republican leaders aie shrewdly eeoLomical in their plan for the approaching political campaign, and, accordingly, theycome to the commercial metropolis of thetbenewCommwioae'swillnotcea-etheiriay vesications until all the public Iwepitals and prisons have bees duly examined. The occur, rtrceai BeUeme Hospital which ha, called" outthe pending inveadgatton»_m disgrao, to the boasted civilization of the r«e, sad$EW YORK HERALD. J AMK» (iOltUCIV IlKlf i\»TT,at 6d In t»Hc ant) 6>4d- la •fc'pe' bsp,w!tnCWM>la flocr at _ . , and some flow was engaged: to Louden a t 2B. WTlaePlatform*Reportedto tHeCHarlefto» (vDventiott.SJKK'K AMD P80FSJJCIOK.TMXtn -,» _ ^ - « . jr»*«* * T * __^„T H«*f IAJConvention at Charleston, and the debate has begun.No one will be led away by the proce» or platform manufacture from the evident fact tbat the whole debate on that subject is the reel contest between the candidates, and not a oon- teet on principles. The platform of a political party i s nothing more than a coat o f manyfact would in Itself indicate that there were some grounds for tbe report. Such a mark of imperial Inference can only be prompted by a diplomatic motive, for it is well known that the feelings of Francis Joseph towards England have latterly not been of the most amiablebecause by so doing tney obtain a wide and gratuitous circulation therelor in the columns of the NKW YORK HER.UJ*. Some of tbem, toTHE PORT SI-RVI YOR'S Vferr TO &Koj___<r% sudden and unexpected departure of It" ^ t DAU.THB/t.4iPt^amt'prrmpvtl P»<mmtm.^oTrinAHY^HRtSrON^EirCB, «-*»«***importantK a w - a v awe-sen to tfeui. AILL-rrsas AlioPAM- fcsiled for New York. By this arrival we colors,madetodecktheJosephthatistowearWe think it highly probable that an effortwill ba made b y Austrian statesmen t o foundv\-t»ii the present condition of things in Italy a Senator Doolittle, of Wisconsin, oame and made who confidently suppose that the attraction! of*^TO JfOTICB *>km of amnm^mum eorrmpemimtu. W« A>*<* have received full files of newspapers from San it, and be only wears it for a short time, whilemurn rm*n~i *nmmimi'*ttniu Francisco and Panama, and letters from our cor- being presented to the people. In the Com- ADrKKTWMMRHTS rmmMil (M»y day; «•!w—*>m<*t»<»-the great prize fight have induced bim to en* the Atlantic. By a telegraphic message fro* the Treasury Department, we are able to setMrMf fa 4 « W m i f lie** Ml P A*aT BSBA**, and intkt res, ondente at Han Francisco, Acipulco, Panamamittee this contest has been going on, and has at last resulted in the presentation ©fthree reports to the Convention. The majority re- port is signed by the fifteen Southern Statespolicy of counteraction to the aggressive de- a speech night before last to the Brooklynsigns of France. They will endeavor to foil Rocky Mountain Club. W e believe the cus-the schemes which are being matured in the tomary quarter was not charged tor admission,ever active brain of Louis Napoleon, by turn- and cOtbe Senator obtained a fair audience, all these gentlemen right on their difTrfreat ing against him the same agencies thaTbe em- in view of tbe small number of black republi- opinions. It appears that a very large Impor-CkM/ornvi and thtrnpmn EtHtiisn* J0» rHMtllta mtnufi withneat**i>tAtapnmt amt de-and AFpinwall. The nevrs from the former place has been anticipated several days by the pony express via M. Joseph, Mq.Mrs. Burdell-Cnnningham and family were pas- sengers by the last steamer from New York to Aspinwall, enroutr for California. She was tra- velling inro'j., tut was recognized by parties who knew her well.Ajnnuaaarts tars iruruia.AOADWfT OF tTTfflro. .-•Alltee at Une-J»n«''HiWTBLOm OABPBW, Ajrau—BKOXCB BOSSS.—ItAUAjrFiato—r-and the two Pacific States, California and Ore ployed to despoil tbem of Lombardy. The oc- cans in the commercial metropolis, and the lit- tation of wool, set down at a value of gon. In the minority there is a division cupation of Savoy has removed altogether—if tle hall in which he spoke was very nearly, $300,000, has been made into this country fromof opinion which has some significance in it indeed there were ever any—doubts as to the if not quite, two-thirds full. The Senator England. The wool was assorted. England,BOWWBYHT»AT_t. *»-«rv-TASSSBJACK-VlIXAGI Lifin-Lot* B1O»TB»—Ova GAL.. OABDK*. SfwU—»• oo»-ile Hoad ItAAAAJI OrSS_-*alia_a«eia»-KaSA«l.WALLAfWSTW»ATftB,Broadway—CArtAisorTit W*rcu - U n a At LAW.A party of Cubans have been in Aspinwall nego-tiating with negroes and Indians to apprentice the minority platform, but presents the wedge of «erb?d in one case, where is its application to fatterforatermofservicerangingfromtwotosix fliviaon,whichdiscussionwillprobablydrive ttop? PisallverywellfortheFrenchpress yeara.on plantations in Cuba. The project hadtnet with more or leas success, and a number ofthedemocraticsectionofthatparty,andtbe rivedatBoston,andoneatthispert ButeaLABTLA ran* **-W11*TEXATBdt, KM Bw_tWAT-Oou_ur _ _ _ _ _require a two thirds vote, as is the case with the candidate.are tbe two vessels at Boston in a similar pre- dicament, and in regard to which it Is neces- sary that some decision should be arrived at, the Treasury Department has despatched Mr. Hart to London to ascertain the real facts of tbe case, arid to fltd out whether or not there has been any intention U» defraud tbe rereou*.WWWSOW1WTTSmATBie.«nrBIT.-T»»rKWTBB S*OW ll BTVBB-Oo^imi AXB.YellowfeverhaddevelopeditselfatAcapulco,TlatlQB.•m?i3 i!»bono*, UiMB. Muiu-wtfW, 40-—Wirro.cnoyBR i3imTrTlt.-a_.nBmoJK» P»Ai_ef 0»WI*AI. A1«T1>> U* til* UX-MT Of U - A M — - f t T » . M - _ o 4 ASvOOlti*.•AT10BA.L OOimraT BAUX)B, BAUoaal TbMtre.- »o»_.CAM**.IHAUMOO.AC.tervention t-f General Herran. A supply of arms tbe opening of the debate, it seems evidentand ammunition had arrived at Paramam transitu, that the Convention itself is inclined not toforL'huca.theretobeusedbytberevolutionary pplit.andtheargumenttbatthemajorityreport ofprudence,stilladvancessteadilytowardsits army of General Mosquera. The IntenJent^Gene- Ls sustained by 12S certain electoral votes for p :rpoee, has been demonstrated by every act ral of Panama had written a note to the capuin of the Chai'.eeton nominee, while the- supporters of Napoleon's career. The truth is that he the vessel on which they were to be transported, of tae minority cannot pledge one sure vote to will never rest until he has torn to pieces every foibidding him taking them on board. The con-signee, wno claimed to be a Spanish subject, pre-THE PROI-OSEO DTXXKR TO MR. BASES—We mentioned a few days since tbat some of the conservative republicans intended to pay to ore of the leaders of that sectien of trie p*rty. • • .U STBKirRK fBAKOAIS. CM Broadway.-X MantSSO* ported, but this number, it was thought, would not FOl» r . U I T l l i t — LA luSHS HBJIIiM*.comprise a moiety of the mortality from that dis*the spokesman on behalf of the majority of the the vote of tbe Savoyard population, and ridi-Committee on Platform, refers in his speech toTltlPLE SHEET. tested agairst this interference,him,hasgreatforce. Ontheotherband,the ^outh, •which desires to win as much as do'tb>> Northern and Central delegates, can afford t>Missouri Compromise, and has subsided through indignation into contempt Tbe mea who raised it seemed to triumph, but their triumph histry, and that ihe coming festival is intended to ba\e a direct bearing upon the Convention at Chicago, at which there will be a strenuousN«wToxk,S*turd»>,April38.I860.turnedtoashesintheirgrasp. Kansaswillbe movementinfavoroftbedistinguishedguest tohaveleftPanamabythemailsteamerforVera donotinvolvethenominationofanobjec- lymovingtowardsiliisobjectbecauseheem-afreeState,andnotonlythis,buttheresultastherepublicancandidateforthePresidency.of the floating steam battery, for the defence of the Accordirg to one of our London correspon- harbor o/ New York, which has been in progress oftian principles and practices; whereas every having for object to impose restraints ondents,thegeneralopinionthereisthatthehostilefeeling between England and France is Rowingmore i_tea*e, that a Enropean war is inevitable,and that it will take place within twelve moiitha.The revolution in Sicily is still progressing and aa-aumiag formidable proportions, and it is predictedwill not be allayed until it unseats every poten-tate south of the Apennines, except Victor Ema- caused by the arrest of a fugitive negro slave.one of these charges is notoriously true of the oppositesentiment ofanti-slavery. Inthe rsLks of the abolition agitators, and of thespecies of fanaticism and delusion can be found. German mysticism, rationalism, deism and atheism pervade this class through and through. It is just among this body of menFrench aggressions, it is certain that she willonlydosoonconditionthattherecentacqui-sitions of Sardinia be recognized, and that fur-thermore, should tbe Neapolitans expel theirtyrant and demand their incorporation with thekingdom of Northern Italy, their claim shouldbe equally confirmed. We do not believe thatAutrria, and much less Prussia, will object tothis. They must feel, like England, that a di- vantage of mat revulsion of popular reeling.selves for the protection of the British government. the proceedings.It is thought oa the other hand that the people of The steamboat A. T. Lacy, bound from S t Louis Hefty,althoughripeforrebellion,neednoforeign forNewOrleans,wastotallydestroyedbyfireon •id to incite them to terrible deeds.sess more genuine religion, and a simpler a n d alliance with England. T h e wisdom that sug-more trusting faith, than the mass o f the work- gests them m a y also contemplate the expedi-fanatics who have for years pronounced the hero, and then put out in tbe ears, supfnemg of course constitution "a compact with hell,' and the that the fact would ba announced, and ttx. M_oo wouldtinder the control of the priests. Victor Emanuel has been the recipient of numerous friendly ad- dressesfromtheItalianclergy. Ttmfactofiuelf shows the weak tflfect of the Pope's bull of majorex communication.Hi-TVKS OF TITB VOPTMAgTOl GKTXKAL. Postmaster Gccrral Holt Las returned to-day with b i s invalidwife, whose health Issaidto bequite poo'.s* conflict" till the products ot free labor only much so that two weeks wero occupied In making tawterritory to France.AdvicestromBerlinmakeknownthatthePrus- rats foroneyear,forthesnm offtoo. It istobeaiaagovernmentha?receivedmeetfavorablythehopedthatwemayneverhaveoccasiontochro- explanationofM.deThoavenelonthesubjectof nicleanotheroccurrencesohorrioleas thatwhich «»frontier of the Rhine. The Prussian Cabinet recently happened at Bellevne Hospital.hadbeeoawawareoftheirescapefromseveral TnecottoBtra-kctwaswttbeutaEianitmn.especiiillytor ccmplications broughtabout bythe misrepresenU- loner grades, which wore heavy and Irregular, whle tbe tionsofEngland,andbadresolved,infhture,to .nersadbetterqualitieswerequiteeteat'y,withsalesof •j* wit* reserve towards that country. An taipe- about mo bales, cl_ing without quotable change ineven in the pulpit, where the name of God isoften impiously invoked i n behalf o f senti- mentsindirectcontraventiontoHisteachings.bybisimages,hisrelicsandthebonesofhisthatexistsbetweenthemandtheKansasswin-tiondepjEdodandrbeck.edoutoftheBankprices. Ibefloormarket,ntidertheInfluenceofthe i°2.^r^9*»V*»cturersandother.IcreifBnews,wasactive,withsomesatesforexport Z^tJ^^I^J^ •*-P**«tocal Prices' ctosei at an advance of So. to lCc. per bbi. beforethempenes*togireevidenceonthesubjoo Wheat was in good milling andexport demand, 1LTMW*^^U!* **"***^ ~ with tolerably frse sales, while the market ctoeed at an advance cf Jc. to 8c per WetoavrafromAustriathatstrenuouseffortswere •tisaheJ. Osra was firmer and sales made toaariretteatPASTORS COCRTWO TUEIK CONGREGATIONS —ThecommitteehavesobponaodRobertDaruagt»u,in-rMiaoveahaaUeaisentd.iMAbUsLed in Paris, authelatterisnotaversetosuchastep.U^au^ farther, that tb% Emperor contemplates viator fffefhad. Q_eraulheMtiieaallrm that Praaaia wffl > _ the alliance- ABA^s^fawrBfdeAe, reply*This custom hi quite common now-a-days, andTHE BEIXEWB HOSIITAX. OTRACE.—We per-JrTsWCv OB 1*M a3»TU/ quoMti/lfe^» s^tP^WHi;•*» **^j"This young man, it is alleged, was quite a LotThere is DesjhmgMV frea Bpiia. Cea. Ortega, t% l*«*-> of the recant revolt, was to be tried py .Birnifletil •A"!_§• sum iseVsi BfjsVeV i _a«Mia_s JUIBIIISIIB, hadthink that they have God Almighty in their trict where he officiated, and it (a charged tptcial keeping, and that He cannot more thai the fact of being compelled to marry oneof the ladies out of the half dozen or so towhere a newly born infant was almost devoured •»y rats. The old Almshouse Governors spent housandiof dollars every year in junketing but could not find time nor money wherewith to attend to this Bellevue nuisance* although it hfafc bets known Cor a long time. We trust thattreaty faRUuiiy Into effect., ' H L K T T - S I X T H OOHTtirtafll FIRST aBHSlOli.<• Me*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069constructionatHoboken forsomeyearspast,under the superintendence of the Messrs. Stevens.preparing to go into a violent contest for the possession of the powers of the government has no real ide;.;;iv with the indignation tharT,ix KKFI hi.i A> rLvU'SMUL ASiMXAjrra.Gov. Chase, of Ohio, m litre, running a tilt with See-art for Ids chances at Chicago. !' is conceded ;-e all haa^sNEW YOKE HERALD. SATURDAY, APRIL 28, I860.-TRIPLE SHEET.apprentices bad started for their destination.PreparationswerebeingmadeatAspinwallfor formdependsonamajorityonly,anddoesnotthe introduction of pure fresh water iato that city. The source of supply is at Monkey Hill, two miles from the city.Tltcreidacontradictioninthemeagrere- andhadmade considerable havocamong tUe in- portsreceiveduptothe presenthour ofwrit- habitants. Twenty deaths bad already been re- ing which w e cannot reconcile. Mr. Avery,Objection was made to the reception of the resolu-tion, and no action was taken on i t In Committee clerical portion of them in particular, everyof the Whole half a. dozen political speeches were made.thai ae .Sewarrt cornet carry Ptarpaj ! r « i i and X.-w J<# animated the mas •- gainst the Ktnsas swindle sey.and v»ill array tbe wno'e American party presv*.There was great commotion in Troy yesterday,nuel. Louis Napoleon, it is thought, has not had The fugitive was taken before a Commissioner, that these very abominations which the clergyorators and capital against bim, that he is oat of the r s f , though its leaders are the sania that took ad- and therefore C&ase may with reason come here and loot;his equilibrium disturbed by the war runiorsf*relj-ing, as it is supposed, on the neutrality of Switzer- identified and remanded, ar.a a writ of habeas cor- land and the aversion of England to ongage in a pus was taken out Meantime the mob surroundedwar. the Commissioners office. The mob succeeded in rescuing the fugitive from the officers, and con-of Scotland denounce find their most cherished abiding place.There is more solid piety and religion andmore true Christianity in the slaveholding com-vided Italy will always serve as the pivot ofFrench encroachments, just as it did in theTbe aim of the present black republican or gani/ution is the destruction of tho social sys- tem of the Southern States, without regard tothe field over.Tin nAWtjn— TO GOV RANKS.Tbe proposed twequet to Gov. B»Lkj; as toooaBcad iathe HISAID of Weebti*day, Is halted here by bis numerous friends with deligbtRAJW'ATH Ef W ACOCTOS.Mr. .lame? Rediulh, whom tbe Sergeant at Arms of UteUnited States Senate has been looking after (or s o s e noteOur Paris correspondent writes that the Patric, In speaking of the outbreak in Sicily, alleges thatveyed him across the river, where he was againarrested by an officer. The mob rallied, and againprove an insurmountable obstacle to them. It<tnd aims are Spooner, Seward and Helper, and its practical results are foreshadowed in thekeep the hospital and adjacent buil<iing3 clear fromItaly is to reduce the Holy Father to his origi- nal condition of a simple bishop, surroundedHoldersattbeclosedemanded froa lc.to3c.perbuahe! Goad Boatherr. white washeldat 85c.,aadSouthern jellow a! 3_c a 8to. Pork was firmS J ~ *•-"*•* or sales. Jtew mess sold at t l ? 87H of men on tbe face of the earth. They art theMassachusetts does not join with the other unliiniud range which his projects take. Theassumed to give a truthful history wbere the coarser part ot it was sold, and the of the rise, progress and developemeut finer and better part shipped to this country. of the black republican party. H e belongs to Two vessels laden with this imported wool ar-fifteen free States in the construction of the principle of natural frontiers successfully as-homo, and bring about the compromise plat- form that will be eventually adopted. It must not be forgotten that the adoption of the plat-the arrival- of the latter vessel it wasfoundthat tbe price of the wool was so disproportiooed to its quality that the authorities of the port atmunities o f the South than can b e found eitherin New England or New York. Even the is to be hoped that these are the views whichpast, came here today, and visited Hyatt Is j»i , aad anxiousthattheMciliansshoulddeclarethem-oftThecoloredpeoplewerethemostactivein slavesthemselves,wewillventuretosay,pos- influenceAustrianstatesmenincounsellingan JohnBrownraid.Undertheirleadershipth« wroteapertnotetoSenatorMasonstaUhgthaibewasit was instigated by British agents, as England is rescued the fugitive, and succeeded in running himto putin regard to the Rhine. sincetheEmperorrefuted throughtheir columns the report that he was going to seize upon Savoy without reference to the great Powers, and withost reaffirming the guarantees giventoSwitzerlandbythetreatiesof1815. We find him, nevertheless, in actual possession of (hambery and Nice, controlling beforehandonly mistake be made was tbe vital one of sup-posing that it came into existence when he andbisfellowdemocraticsecedersjoinedit,andthat onceseiz*dthevesselandcargo.Asthere it is to-day tbe same, in essence and aim, that itwas when be joined it. H is exposition of therise of the Kansas swindle and the abrogationoftheMissouriCompromiseistruthful,andhefaithfully portrays the righteous indignationthat led him, aud so many other good men andtrue, to oppose with mi^ht and main, in 1850,that unrighteous, impolitic and mischievousfor;hdenialsa st oIt is but a short timeculing, through his organs, the idea that Swit-of Mexican troops at Acapulco for service against the principle of squatter sovereignty contained zerland or tbe great Powers have any concern proceeding. But Senator Dooiiule has per- ter. This is the real cause of his departure forMBA B*O0GflA.AV8 TaBAtftB, 4M ajo*4«j.-»-tA- ea^». tJecera) Alvarez was forming two columns-BABJIUVSAM8KI0AKITCBBni.Bw_dw*T-IHy—d thearmyolthechurchpropagandists. intheprincipxlminorityreport,whileinthe withthequestionatall.-.1»AH!« I>«A*»—STIU. WAt«_ Bt«» lUAP-UnSO AdvicesficmBogota,datedthe 2G_ult.,state synopoifeofthatreport,whichhasbeensentbyOv-iMtnan, A cB-TAhTS' miraTKBLB. Me-_u_c»* H-U. «T1 BroW- that the revolution in New Granada was about be-before any further steps are taken in the mat-telegraph, w e do not find that principle laid w»( -B» faUKfa, OAAU_, Ad.—AikU.L_40U i*»- iiifcbioughtV)a closethrough thediplomaticin- down. From tbe tone of thediscussioninFor Germany this proceeding has a signifi- cance which it is impossible to mistake. The tenacity of a policy which, although it may momentarily diverge from its path from motivesmittedthenewpoliticalaffiliationsinwhichbe Europe. found himself at that time to deceive him as tothe philosophy of the movement that ciniedLim away from the democratic orgnDizAtiottrMr. Wyke, late British Minister to Central Ameri-ca,andrecentlyappointedMinistertoMexico,was makesomeconcessionsontheplatform,ifthey geniusofhisuncle. Heisnotthelesssecure-Crr'Z on the 'itth inst. tionable candidate. The steamship Star of the West arrived at thisploys diplomatic fi.>ess< where thefirstEm- there haspracticallysettledthewhole questionThe News.Tbe Charlenton Couvention yeaterday was hard port from Havana yesterday evening, bringing the We believe, from these indications, that there all the greater inasmuch as she no longer pos-at work all day npon the platform. They hid be- mails and 140 passengers. Two more cargoes of is no reason to alter the opinion we have pre- set.-es tbe class of statesmen who, like Metter- fore them the majori'y platform, whicn was alopt- slaves ! ad been landed. There U no other news viously expressed— that the democracy are nicb, trusted more to their political combina-ea in Coiumtttee by all the slavehoLding Stales, and of any eoi:set,uence. Trie heaiih of the city was settiing the^r quarrels, in view of the vast tions than to their armies and fortresses.CAlkJoraia and Oregon: anaaoiity platform, adopt- good. etake of tte public spoils, which, for the com-ed by all the remaining non slaveholding Butea, We have received files of Australian papers to ing four years, will not be less than four hun-aa%e Maaaarhnaetts: and a platform preseated by Febtuaiy 17. Ihey contain no news of any special dred millions of dollars. The several report? btiuggle to which, in common with Germany,Mi. Liaiier. of Ma>s«chut*VtH. The>e are the plat inteufct. Parliament tad vo a the sum of £9;000 agree on the subjects of our foreign policy, and she is exposed, by the inexorable traditions of foroifpresentedbytheCommitteeonResolution*. inaidofthenationaldefence].Inthegolddigging allquestionsofdomesticinterestexceptthat tbeNapoleondynasty,thecontestwillhave But there were also preheated two or three inde- regionsfceneraliythe reason I ad not been favorable of popiilur sovereignty. This is in fact the to be fought mainly with diplomatic arms.pendent platforms. The di&ciusum on the platform to extensive operations, yet the yield in some parts question of the acceptance or rejection of Mr. I'ruscia, whilst she places her main reliance on wascomlanedtilltheadjournment. hadbeenexcellent. Onthegovernmentlinesof herpowerfulmilitaryorganization,showsthat TLe ateamehip Africa, trom Liveipool 14th and railroad the works were again progressing with Doiig:as as the candidate. If bis friends could she does not undervu'ue the importance of<t>u£enstown 15th m»-t.. arrived at thia port at an tolerable rapidity. The weather was excessively nominate Lim by a majority vote, the light opposing to tbe diplomatic dexterity of the The principle, therefore, which the black re- early hour jesterday. Her advices are three days warm, the thetmometer on January 21 being 108 might be worth making against the majoritylater than those previously received, and contain in the shade. report; but the gain of sufficient votes to give French Emperor suoh counter checks as circum- publicans assume to attack w i* settled long several points of Importance. Our correspondc-at at Bridgetown, Barbadoes, him two-thirds looks like a desperate attempt stances place within her reach. The Savoy since under natural laws, and itsdevelopejaentDcan Leaden Enjsy TJ*em*etves - the Stevens Moating Steam Battery, Ac. &e.f ftcOar Special Washington. Despatch.WASBIXGTOS, April 'i7,1S6STHK RBTIMTOB OT TBS asVCBUCAl UUDIi>Governors 8eward, OUST, Oerwtn, Penningtir , ' - . tAt Liverpool the cotton market had fluctuated writing on the 13th in3t., sajs :—The American ar- that can only result in a compromise. Pru- question has offered an opportunity to both considerably, and a decline is repotted. Failures rivals have been very scant until last week. The dence, the vast spoil?, and the necessity of Powers to establish such an understanding withis logical and conclusive. It needs no p*rly aid, and is beyond party control.The tide of Indignation which cairied Sena- tor Doolittle and the democratic wing of the black republican organization into oppo-among the cotton dealers were talked u'. Bread- atm— and provisions were tinner.The British press hare been commenting oathe & Sons, of New Haven. It seems misfor- The clergy of Scotland are amazingly exer- ments.In London seenrities had Improved. The closing Quotations for consols were 9-1i a Mi for money.bark KLzabeth J., from Ph?ladelphia, arrived yes-terday, and brought the sad intelligence of thelose ef about 130 mules and horses, being the deckmaking a winning fight, all combine towards this end._____________________________England as they hopegwill induce Louis Napo- leon to pause in his encroachments. Hence the probability of the rapprochement which is saidload of the Excaliiar, from Sew York, bound toi.nd&4(andMjforaccount thisport,andthepropertyofMessrs.TrowbridgeTUBANTI-SLAVBRVAGITATIONISScoTLAsa—tohavetakenplacebetweenthethreegovern-sitiontotbefollyandimbecilityofntsoa,otOhio,SenatorWade,Messrs.Grow,Frank1the Atchison-Pierce-Douglas plot. has Blair, Jr., Waahburne, of Maine, and SpauJdiag f >w triumphed overthe schemers,audhaving Tcrk,werethegueataofHon.G.A.Gorky,of ><itadinnerpartytheevenicf. Thespecialob*;oft.t obtained the object that animated it, it L= again sitting w a s In corAplimcnt to Governor De. meon a w receding, and leaving the great ocean of popu- Governor CSase But this magniAoeai array of re-lar opinion and feeling in its natural condition. publican undercurrent poicia in another direction. Taaae Here is the fallacy of Senator Doolitile's po- quiet fest.v&i8 produce a good deal of fun w-niTM aeii^ta sitioE. but which he fails to see. Tbe move- eees da;iignt. To night Itoccgiou and Car wis t _ i aingworld"inEnglandwhentheAfricasailed. comingtotowninlargerquantities,andtheexport summateself-conceitandimpudence. Forex- fanaticmovement,inauguratedthirtyyearsago PeDnlLgton,theSpeaker,saidhewasacandidatema Public opinion was-against the whole affiir, but it of sugar to England is short of 8,000 hogsheads. ample, it is their custom to charge the pro- guarantee for the tranquillity and prosperity of by men blinded by zeal, ud who to-day enter- self, an. I had hit o**>n a plan to get rid of Cor win. WoendangerofencroachmentsbyourCongressonthe tunesneverr^iuealone;theTrowbridgeioas cisedjustnowabouttbeslaveryinstitutionofprerogatives of the President, and handle the rin the recent conflag ation in this town has been this country and the troubles of Dr. Cheever'sAconcurrenceofpolicybetweentheminregard to continental affairs generally would befcubject is a statesmanlike manner, as though they very heavy. The bug Clarence sailed yesterday church, both of which questions formed the a fortunate coincidence for the Italians in theirware not indifferent to the great republican experi- for New York. Copious showers of rain have late text of some very billy and violent speeches present Mate of transition. It has alwaysment of this country, on the success or non-success ly fallen, which greatly invigorate the growing at a meeting in Glasgow the other d a y been the desire of Englith statesmen to formcf which they consider depend the freedom and cane, which loob? well and promises an average The truth is that these men know nothing at of the whole of the Italian peninsula one pow-progress of the Old World. yield. Su^ar freigLts to England and Ireland Is. all about tbe subject of which they discourse erful constitutional monarchy, based on thejolly set to on the eubjec. ol the I'reaiCtncy. Car win, wnoee mentwhichhefollowedcarriedhimintoa coaipiex;or.lshistoric,wasquiteiwryovertheilea ofconversationamongwhatistermedthe"sport- ing2s.t»d.a3s.7d.Sugarandmolassesarenow governmentwouldobviouslybethesecurest temporaryaffiliationwiththeleadersofa thathewaatalliedofaeacandidateforih„-Presidency.TheHeenan-Sayerstightwasthegeneraltopic<?d., which is very low—the custcmaryfreightsbe- > o flippantly, and, let us add, with such con- model of their own. The existence of such awas believed in England that if it should takeplace Deenan would get soundly thrashed. Theslavery sentiment and the system of slaw- Europe, in which England, as a great commer- the Japanese Embassy come here, h e would appoint O r -tight was to lake place on Tuesday, the 17th iust,and the news may be expected to-day by the Yan- tion was offered directing the Secretary of War toGreat Britain therefore enters into any under-Our reports from Washington contain but littleof importance. Inthe House yesterday a resolu- holding with all manner of evil influences.cial Power, has naturally the largest stake. If tain the same revolutionary and desuueuve win on the committee, and they would take him (or oueviews that urged them so long since to agitate of Uit,; own number, and cvry him ot. Oorwh -'dried for the total abolition of slavery. Tnio tem- up e n t h e IVeeMU-ncy. a n d immedibteiy after opened porary affiliation he has made a permanent IJ,~L Ci—ritBton and Douglas, remarking that "tfic onlyt.juatter Bctereif ...y In this country is a p o ice r:-,_«r one, when the cause that led to it has ceased to with a ciubv This turned the tablet, acf lite partyexist Theblack'epublicanpartythatisnow biokeupmhighgleoattbeprospectatCnarleetoa.They bold slavery to be the nursing mother oftlerbilt communicate to the Military Committee a full plan impiety, irreligion and every kind of unchris- standing or alliance with Austria and Prussia,shred ot tbe treatie? which proscribed bin fami- ly nod overturned tbe territorial aad political arrangements carried oot by the militaryand in regard to the true position and tenden- cies of the present black republican parj^.Tbe Kansas issue was a casual and tempo the compliment of a grand public dinner. Itrary issue. It was begot in ignorance, devel is understood that this Banks movement is oneoped in folly, even to the repeal of the that has its ramifications throughout tbe coun-peror used force. The danger to Germany isWithout doubt Mr. Banks is one of of the extension of the institution of slavery tbe strongest men in the republicaninto the Territories by legislation. Natural camp. B e represents the democraticcauses that are far more powerful than hu aau tie-ment in tie par'y. strocger but not so cor- enactments determine where the system of ne- rupt as the oJd wnig Thurlow Weed andgro domestic slavery shall and shall not be es- Seward taction. Mr. Batiks is a fair man. andAustria is nevertheless convinced that in thetablished. In a few years the question ofslavery in the Territories, to which the black can be said of many of the leaders on either republican leaders pretend to confine their par- side of the House. typolicy,willbeoverwhelmedbythenaturalmatch of population, and the new States willexercise their indefeasible right to establish such NEWS FROM WASHING rOtf. socialinstitutionsasmaybemost consonantwith their climate, soil and staple production.-. The fotede InvesUgation—lew tbe Kepub-the imperialviewstime of the first Napoleon; whilst Italy, unitedunder a < constitutional sovereign, must ever consequences. The exponents of its principlessophistswhoteachthatitisaperfectabolition getthenote.Thursday night, at island No. 16, and seven chil- live under the discipline and control of territories of the Church in the scheme of instrument, have joined handd for the attain- The Qouse continued its bemknm speeches Mr a fewingclassesoftheNorthandEast,becausethey encyofincludingVenetiaandtheremaining The King of Naples is proclaimed a bigot, and dren and six of the crew lost their lives in the members of churches of the good old Italian unity.ra PIormanrjfcs o\ THI aonw.flames.The Excise Commissioners intend opening thecampaign of 18C0 early next month in the Court of Common Pleas by presenting the martial alterna- tive to the liquor dealers of defending themselvesorthodox religion, among whom the poison of rationalism and German mysticism, spiritualism and all tbe noxious delu-The one is a source of danger and reproach to Austria, whilst theothersarealmostequally fruitful of peril to the public peace. The timeslavery and the perpetuation of the Union by force. Seward prcrcLaims the "irrepressibleThe material of the suppressed l'm~-r$ estab- against legal suite or surrendering at discretion.bliiimjent has been restored to its owner Louis The Commissioners intend holding five or six we live can doubt that skepticism in every gion, that the future status of the PontiffVeaillot. by the Paris police, but he for this act of sessions in the week for the purpose of grantingj form—from the incipient doubtings of the im- mature mind, through all its phases, downwards to avowed infidelity—permeates through the clergy and the laity in those sections of the country in which abolitionism Is most rampant?Spooner shows logically how this can be done, should be definitively settled. H e cannot be and every slave liberated b y habeas corpus.kiadiwta of the h-uperor made a fruitless attempt tohavethelattermentionedbynameinthePope's excemmnaieatioa bud.licenseThe shockingcircumstancesconnectedwith theallowed to remain any longer a passive instru- ment in the hands of ambitions priests like Antonelli, who would plunge their country inHelper exhibits the bitterness of the fanaticalzeal in his wild vituperation of the South.case of Mary Connor at the Bellevue Hospital Lave The French and Sardinian troops were to leave awakened the "powers that be ' to a partialThese are to-day the companions and co- carried if it w>uid cost a bu*hel baekri foh of gold. Mr. bloodshed merely to accomplish their selfish workers of Senator Doolittle, and though he does Bean to at pre*eat editor of a democratic pa; tr at Fre-thecityofNice,soastoallowtheinhabitantsen- sense of duty, and yesterday Mr. Draper closed atire liberty while voting on the annexation of their contract with a noted vermin exterminator t o We hear it every day in the lecture room, and ends. The only alternative of security left tomont, Obio.shall be known in the marts of the South, and sions of the age has never penetrated. has arrived when it is for the interest of the boastfully announces on the Uoor of the Senatejourney from Florida.nut oovons ixvssntiATiojr.Tie sub? twee ol the testimony given bjfore th. 0>vods Ocmrnittee >esterday and to day by Mr. B^an, Assistant Clerk under OoL Allen, u»e democraUc Clerk of the last Louse, ts tbat he received from Mr. Wendell the Bumof five U.oiieand dollars for tus service* to carry the English bUl, aad ihat bo heard Wendell say that Uic bud mast beWho that knows anything of the times in which continental governments, as well as of reli-that "we will reorganize your federal courts."dle,tbeheartsofthepeopleJt>elitandreject are to look for the progress of irreligion and whoee business it wouldfeeto do the honorsof all affiliation with t*e fanaticism. If tbeef the Metropolis $125,000, a great portion of which the committee expect t» be able to prove was checked out to atnerent persons who were employed i* c&rrytheEnglishbillth.-oo:-htbeRouse ThebankbookItIsnottotheproslaveryidea,then,thatwemartyrs—an ecclesiastical Barnum, in short,atheism,butinpreciselytheoppositedirection; theEternalCitytoallthecuriousthatgothatand if these gentlemen in Glasgow would only, way.takethetroubletoinformthemselvesuponthesubject, they might find that there) is more dangerofthespreadofinfidelity,andthethou-ThecaseoftheRev.Mr.Harden,nowonconfidence,thefanaticalslaveryissuewillbespectorinthePhiladelphiaOuateciHooss,whotssup-dau>ta tbe late Democratic State Oonwmuos of I^asiyl- vaEto, for Governor agalnat Foster, by whosa he was beat- en. B e will appear next week, t o which tune tne com- mittee has adjouraed.CiCR KSLATI03S W i n JAPA5.The State Depansaebt has just received a despatch fromsand vagaries of the mind which lead to it, in trial for the murder of his wife in New Jersey, theantislaveryagitationoftheNorththaninjmightfurnish aneffective warning*toallthe practical workings of the slavery Insti- young clergymen against the practice of court-tutions in the South. But neither reason, nor ing the females of their congregations with again, and with a fever of feeling that forebodes argument, nor evidence, we opine, would have whose spiritual welfare they are entrusted the most terrible results to all.an; effect upon the clergy o f Scotland, for theyare the most self conceited and arrogant class the result is that w e find the clergy in con-without their consent, and but a t their controli'pon such a class of men all argument and culty in which be is BOW involved. Werereason within t e e reach of bamanUntitled Documentwould, of course, be thrown away.* !'->** <^-Peiligencecommend the clergj to stick to preaching the GiipeL, and let the women aloue.STSVUn' BTKA* HA1TSWV.Mr. C-sBS, (r*p ) of lews,asked leave tooOsr a rasolwtinual trouble about women.ceive that the new Cornmkisioners of the Aluat- Consul General. Barns, stating —st our relations with Ja- . house have commenced an investigation into pan are — a roost aaUa/actory oaadiUoa, aad that every die circumstances connected with the recent plant iitans i now shoan by tbe goreruar-aai to carryurnYerrtnble types of the Pharisees of old, who_, '* ~ ^ <**» AHm* on ipocuIaaRu. the thankedGodtheywerenotasothermen. They barioamongthe rural beauties lathedis horribleoccurrence atthe BellerueHospital,whom be promised marriage ledtothe diffiHoaueKeiirearntatlvee. WASBLSOHW, April 87, lSfS.In pursuance of this general system, awaits bim on his arrival, wnfle there are a fc-and the repeal of the Missouri compromise, al-ment of their common object—the abolition of hoars to day, and then adjourned ever until Monday.not perceive the revolutionary and destructive tendency of their aims, and the wide differenceI liethat a disbursingt h e agentCharleston Convention hasthewittoseethetone and tendency of the popular sentiment does nut exhibit the names ul (he parUes, bat only auewsandbringsforwardcandidateswhoseconserva- tive antecedents will command the popularblindinitials, signifying suchtermsas"Tosavethe Union'' and "For Kansas."crushed out in the coming campaign for one posed to know someth*g a'jout the celebrated naturaliza- generationatleastIfthedelegatesatCharles- tionpapersofPenneytvaala;alsoWavHWitte,candi-ton M l to do this, then it must be foughta good practical statesman, which is more thancommittee havee-ideace before th^m of tl>e adm_isi<-»- 1www.fultonhistory.com 