 I!tives, it should be done by carving the ornaments inthe same material of which the doors are made, as a flames extended.to tho rear of the livorr stable of.•centum, but accompanied with a proviso that written obligations shall not bear more than that amount per annum, after their maturity, till paid.N e w s f r o m R i o J a n e i r o .BAL TIMORK, Saturday, Feb. 10, 1860.Tbe following is the bill iotroduced by Mr. Wiley,cwte&equences, Mr. McLane will probably require The sales of coffee for the United Stales since the 21st wbieh pasAed the Assembly last, eveiling by a vote of act, passed March lf>, 1200, the fawbor-Mastera appointed und«r are thoroughly imbued with his nationality, which priation will be necessary, estimates for which willIMaster may til) the vacancy during jsuch inability.SKC. 2. The Harbor-Matter i»required to give bond*, with two BiretieMo be approved hy tho Mayor or Controller, in the penal The National Printers' Convention. sum 6f »25,( W, for the faithful performance of hU duties, aod each assistant in the ponnl sum of #2,300, with two sureties, to be" approved in like manner. The breach of the condition of either of these bonds may be prosecuted by any person aggrievedthe Commissioners do not recommend its immediate completion, or that its accomplishment should be has- tened. For this would not only be injustice to those who come aftf r us, but would necessitate the employ- ment of talents which require thorough training forsupported by fticceesive doric column*; bat in case* where the Cormfinan order had been adopted, aa lathe United States caprtol extension, aho^relicvi baveaia*>8t universally been exaployed, and for reasons obvious t» th« intelligent observer.'"He regards himself as a loyal citizen, true to the Constitution because true to the people. To »uhm\t to tbe coercive processes of toe Sena**'* honor<*blo Com- mittee, and by thus doing to acknowledge a poweragainst whose usurpation Washington, Jefferson, Mad- ison, and the trainers of the Conrfunuon warned and •ought to shield their countrymen, would bo an act on tbe part of tbe undermgned for which be conld find no justification before God or man. lie caonot do it. JBa judgment does not approve it. His conscience "wCtt not permit it.**All w hlah isdotiiWJT and respectfully .iibmltUd.A M i r M 0 * • ' J THADDKUS H Y A T T . "W e regret to see that The N. Y. Times con- turae* in a state ef affliction because the City of lsew-1'ojk no longer possesses a Superintendent ofPoliosiatiepayofprivateparties. Wha:anad- mirabie state of things we should have if t i e system which oar cotemporary loves so ardently were only made universal! Then the Judges, the Sheriff, the District-Attorney, the United States Marshal, theCollector of the Port, the Postmaster, the Mayor,Republic newspaper, the reply of Mr. Bhua'.on, as York, was lest on the Yucatan shore, on tne 1st of the Governor—biit the Harbor Master may fill a vacancy of an art sees constantly intermingled the misapplied sym- thereby great richness aad variety of effect. ThereIS 31?-if) S I .NEW-YORK DAILY^TRimil^E,"MOffBAY, MARCH12,I860.•"••'i ^;;'*&•#• 9!''."•''< A• v. i'-."-'••->-f-\ • "' • - • " ••:fo'•<;•!*•• •tfotw f r shall be pot to you by said CononiJtoo ? - -an ' additional documents on the subject called for bf the JE esate.News from Belize, Honduras'*i r . HARBOR JHASTXR3.The Ae«6mbly Committee on Commerce awd Navi- ev*n in the rooma where American subject* have been till anotier year. Ia connection with this sabjeot.t h e Street Commissioner, the City Inspector, the of free blacks; recommending Edward Bates for the Presidency; regarding the threats of dissolution withavenue, New-York, and to confirm the ordinances of SKC. 6. The Harbor Matter shall asBignto each of hU assist- the New-York Common Council regulating Fifty- ants a particular district, within which he shall possess the pow- fourth and other streets in New-York, wore reported ers and periorm the duties piescribed by this act, and such otherembarkation and landing of Columbus, aud the "subse- quent discoveries of Ponce de Leon, JDe Soto, Cabot, Gosnoid and Raleigh.. Under the great cornice-wh<churroundsthe Rotunda, there will be a fritze in ba*the streets of the city in a cast-off military uniform*It is believed that the true method- of procuring: designs for statuary and painting, as a general princi- ple, is to unite liberal con7p9tition, with such regula- tions as ehall eecure to every artist ah impartial aod unbiased adjudication of "his w o r i ; but the well-city," who would make up the needful sum ofcourse from a high sense of the merits of the reci-pient What puzzles us is that The N. Y. Timesshould limit the application of its system to theGeneral Superintendent of Police. Tbat is a petty Delegates to Chicago to vote as a unit was passed,nation and the several States, which may properly be represented in the halls of Congress. It would doubt- less aod greatly to the dignicv of these halls to intro- duce on either side of the desk: of the Vice-President a colossal bust of the first Vice-Presidents, Adams and Jefferson, as the hight of the galleries will not admit of statues, and on either side of the Speaker's desk a statue of an eminent member of the House during the administration of Washington—for example, of James Madieoh and Fisher Ames.position by the experience an^ practice of all nations in similar cases.In the erection-of etitues, monuments sod fountains; in the public jrrounds, the same system of subordina- tion should be observed which ia- contemplated in the distribution of works of art in-the public buildings. They should be arranged, so far as practicable, in har- mony with tbe plan 01 the grounds. But, as the more important of these parks are yet to be planned, a mere suggestion in regard to them will 'tfe sufficient at pres-narrowness altogether inconsistent with the glory and grandeur of its general principles.TheHon.CLARK B.COCHRANE M.C.fromthe Montgomery District of our State, has returned to the State Asylum at Utica, after a brief visit to hi* family. His friends hope for his ultimate recovery, but it is not thought probable that he will resume bis seat ia the House.THE LATEST NEWS,RECETSTBD BYwhen Mr. Primer, Delegate from the Vth District, ana Mr.Muenoh, Delegate at large, withdrew, the latter fctaticg that if he went to Chicago he must go unfet- tered. The Convention adjourned without taking any actiononthewithdrawal. It isunderstoodthat the Delegates stand 12 for Bates and 6 anti Bates.N o n - A r r i v a l o f t h e N i a g a r a . HALIFAX, March 11—9 p. m.ASSEMBLY.The Controller sent in a report on the Finances andRovenuee of tbe State, in reply to the Assembly's reso-'• • . ' • •Philadelphia Platform of 18.%.Park Commissioners was presented, in reply to Sena- tcr Murphy's resolutions oi inquiry.A Central Committee was elected with power to ap- point an electoral ticket. A resolution instructing theMaster, whose decision thereon shall be final.SKC. 0. Requires the Harbor Master to set apart for the exclu sive use of conol boats and North River barges from March 20 to Dec. 31, the space from Pier No. 2 to Pier No. », East River, and also to assign such other accommodations for said canal boats and barges m other parts of tbe port as may bo noccaaary in re- eeivii»g and discharging cargo.SBC. i' Provides for erforcing the piv visions of Section 8.SKC:10.The sa^dHarbor-Mastershallhavepownrtodemand and receive from the masters or commanders, or from the owu- eia or consignees of all ships and vessels arriving in the Port of New-Y ork, excepting canal-boats and barges navigating the canalsThere are no signs of the Royal Mail steamship Ni-agara, now in her sixteenth day from Liverpool. The same subject.Hence its adoption for military uses—as in showy uni-allowed hy law. The amount so collected and received by the forms, painted banners, bright plumes, and scarlet pelled to suggest tbat in no department in which it hasRelative to the payment of the fare on the Central 5MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. Tc-day the contested-election caae3 were settled Railroad.any person shall pay or offer to p-\y any other compensation for 6"id services than that sipecified'ih this act, he shall be deemed gulty of misdemeanor,1 punishable by fine not exceeding $100,to be obtained, by a true sense of the subordination of the requirements of our position by neglecting to ex- inferior parts. It is believed that this criticism will press tne sense of the artists of the nation wbom wohold true in regard to all efforts of the mind. It is represent in this relation. The coins of nations for always observable in nature, and underlies her uni- many centuries have beendeeigned and have served toversal laws. Color is subject to these Jaws, as well as represent the theory, and'purpose of tha life of such, everything in nature. Bright colors are sparingly dis- nation8, through the images and inscriptions withtributed throughout the natural world. Tne white, which they are embellished. This usage, as ia wellFrom Washington. Special Dbpvtc* to Tin* N. 7. ITribane.W A S H I N G T O N , March 11, 1860.THE DEPARTURE OF MR. MCLANE.Home Squadron has already received instructions a greater rate of interest or discount than eight pox tine burnings, were ordered to a third reading.gallery or the Executive Mansion. But there is noArt, as employed in mere decoration, has but little na-ia concernrat*?his force within call of Vera Cruz, and to act in the contingency stated, but not until after a full consultation with Mr. McLane. The de*<gH new is to land themarhjesy and thus precipi-At 41 p. m., no quorum beings present, tbe House adjourned till 10 a. m. on Monday.From Our Own Correspondent.ALBAWY, Saturday, March 103 1860.TOLLING RA1LHOAOS.evidence of his acceptance of the commission — tional importance, lrut as an expreMion of thought "andtate a collision, but as that may involve serious Dates from Rio Janeiro to February 1 are received.country buthis own. Vernet's studies have been from the building are now ready for tho reception of works of art, the Commissioners recommend the commence-ia capable of abaadoain^ him after its policy has been c a n ied out.MR. BRECKINRIDGE AT CHARLESTON.Messrs. Slidell, Gwm, and others, have at-tempted a mo cement to combine New-York andPennsylvania on Mr. Breckinridge at Charh3ston,but without success, so far, except as to a part oftbe Pennsylvania delegation, previously inclinedlots. Holders were firm, and the Inst sales for tna, AN ACT Imposing tolls npon property transported upon corttda I6ta fciectlon, shall fcsko etlect on tho 1st day of May, I860.American market were quoted at 6||500 to 6||700. Tae li&ilroafla referred to huretn.Mock -was 70,000 bags, and principally of poor quality. The People of Uie State oj How-York, rejtrettritcd in Senate and > SUZBOKT OF U. S. ART COMMISSION. eign artist to paint on the walls of the Capitol, may duties contemplated in their appointment, would- re-the best point of concentration for the South and as Jeast objectionable to the Noitthern wing.THE ADMINISTUATION CORRUPTIONS.Mr. Covode's Committee organized yesterdaymorning, but have not jet de'terinined what branchthat, much indignation "was expressed against Gov. j iouglus on account of a $5 tax on every mule load of provisions sent up Eraser River.•The Canadian Parliament.QtTBBEC, Saturday. March 10, I860. Parliament laft night voted $8,000 per voyage to thois desirable. Its meretricious character renders it bet- ter suited to temporary purposes, where the employ- ment of wood, bronze, or marble would be too expen- sive? Throughout the Capitol Extension there is a re-dundancy of ornamentation, cheap and showy in some instances, and employed where ornament is not re- quired, like the breaking up of. large spaces into small ones, thus destroying the very repose which the eye instinctively seeks.About 0-2 o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out in the buildi-ig Ko. 104 West Twenty-sixth street, owned by George Higgins, and occupied on the firafc floor and basement by himself as a livery stable^ on th« second .floor by John Schureman as a mahogany aud rosewood door manufactorv, and on the third tioor by H. R. Vincent as a hoop skirt manufactory. The fire Jwaa first seen in the rear, and is said to have originated among some bales of damaged bay that had been storeda. toaU.The discussion of the Mexican Treaty has been sus-pended for iiearly two weeks, owing to the time re- quired by the State Department for transcribing the' TOLKDO, Saturday. March 10, I860.Navigation is open between Toledo aud Dunkirk. shall ho applicable to the granting of divorces for causes herein perception and power of expression, renders truth here in marble under the direction of the former super-Freights were nominal, ana nothing offering.BAL TIMOAK, March 11, 1860.jlMimbty, do eiuirtji* jolioiouSUCTION J. The Cttnui Hoard in heiehy authorized and reqiuired to levy and impose the same ruiea oftolt, per mile, upon allprop- etty trftiisported hereafter upon the JNew-Jfork. Central Railroad,well be questioned. The British Government requiresthat a foreigner shall have resided at least ten years spectfully urge upon the attention of Congress the ne-cessity of such further legislation as shall render the in the country before he shall even be allowed to com- Commission efficient and useful to the Government*which they believe can beet bo effected by clothing: them with the authority recommended hy the artists ofmm-•>"••••^aa&S£^y'j"i7ftm«^ -—' • ggg^j'' "3E' jffiSSSSSirSSSS—-- 9VKE3xmmiHnwi - JW-'V...—.^\-ir*M ,7.M!?w>« ^m.tiauiT ¥ J14CX --5I»f-W5Mnates from each Congressional District, were electedto the Chicago Convention. The delegates at large s»roF.P.Blair,B.GrateBrown,Frad.Aluencb,aad ThebookBandpapersofthesteamerwerealllost. James Sutton, There was strong opposition to Batesin the Convention.parture, the naturo of her cargo, the name and place of busi- ness of her owner or consignee, and the true amount of her tun-oration of such a system would require great care,ST. Loins, March 11,1860. Tbe Republican State Convention yesterday adopted resolutions indorsing the principles set forth in the call of the National Convention; pledging support to the nominee of that Convention; favnriag the colonizationNEW^YOKK LEGJBLATOEE.ter, and be properly entered in a bor.k: whereupon, after receiv- ing the fees hereinafter specified, the Harbor Master shall assign to «noh vessel a berth whore she may discharge or take in cargo.SBC. 5. Any commander of a vessel who shall negloct or refuse to meke * rep rt, or who shall misstate the tunnage of his v«ggsel, shall for every such offense forfeit to tho Harbor Master and his assit-tants the sum of $50.suggest it in general terms.The. Rotunda, taken as a poirtof departure, claimsthe fust attention in laying down this system. In thedrme there will be large spaces for the introductionof noble works of art; and even when their power and' splendor in other respects have departed, art has stood forth to remind them of their former greatneso. For us to flaunt in the borrowed aud fragmentary arts of another country, is like the Indian who abandons biaiNaval officer, the Sub-Treasurer, the Tax Asses- scorn and contempt; pledging their lives, fortunes and favorablv.duties as the Haibor Master may require, aod shall report to the Harbor Master, at such times and in such manner as he shall di- rect, what beiths for vessels within his district are then vacant, or likely to hecon o vacant on the day of making such report. Aha to-8*o that each vessel is provided with the berth which may be assigned to her by the Harbor Master.sors and Receiver, the Police Captain and Ser- sacred honors to the preservation of the Union; recog- nizing the "irrepressible conflict" between free and geants, tbe Aldermen and Councilman, and ia fact slave labor in Missouri; homing it the duty of the Gov- about every man in any sort ot public place might ernment to protect the rights of free intercourse be- aucceed in getting his few thousands a year mainly tween the citizens of different States; opposiog any change in the naturalization laws, and favo;ing the from " several public-spirited gentlemen of th8 Homestead bill and Pacific Railroad bill. Resolutions recommencing Edward Bates for the Presidency met resolute opposition from the German elemeat, who re- fused to support anv candidate not squarely upon theThe Minority of the Senate Committee reported fa- vorably, through Mr. PKOSSER, the Assembly Rail- road toll bill. .ehef, which may embody the idea of Freedom, civiland religions. In the Rotunda, below this frieze, maywith propriety be represented the Colonial history of known repugnance of artists of the first rank, whoat his office, within 24 hours after the arrival of audi vessel; and, in default of such payment, after demand, within the time pre- scribed, the party owing BUCII fees shall forfeit and pay double the amount.£EC.12. Provides that any master, orother person having charge of any vessel, who shad refuse to comp y with the proper diicctiona ol the Harbor Master, or his a98intaiits( or any person who shall oppose or obstruct the Harbor Master, or any of his assistants, lh the execution of their official duties, shull forfeit the sum of $50.the ratification of the treaty, and only yielded con- ans, Thos. Gardner, Clerk of the Criminal Coart, and bills. and provides a forfeiture of $50 to any person who shall refuseJohn W. McCoy. The latter in self-defense drew a pis- Among the bills introduced were three to incorporate to remove any goods so encumbering a pier, after twelve hours notice from tne Assistant Harbor-Master. •The Brooklyn has been ordered from New-Yorkround to Norfolk, for the purpose of taking Mr.McLane and Consul Pickett to Vera Cruz. Tney without legislation. The Governor signified to theknown, originated and corresponds with that of chiefs and Dooles in respect to their seals or signets and arms of State. The embel ishments of the coins of sov-the Canal bill, or the Brock City Railroad bill. BALTIMORE, March 11, 1860.The LegislatureofMarylandadjournedatmidnightof Saturday,concludingthemostexcitingsessioneverheld. The appropriation bills were passed during the last few hours. The city passenger railroad question was leftTo regulate the Statcn Island Ferries.To incorporate the New-York Passenger Baggage Company.Topreventthe issue of treepassesbyrailroadsto State officials.To recognize the Harbor Master's department.To erect Hiyhland County.To prevent the sale of fraudulent passenger tickets.red, blue, and yellow blossoms of plants, shrubs, anatrees, are noi over prominent even in their season ofbloom; while the main masses are made up of coolgreens, grays, drabs, and browns intermingled, and are ereignties being but duplications of their * arms always harmonious and agreeable.House that he would comply with the address of theeaqpect to sail this week, but may be detained Legislature and remove Jadge Stamp. During the To amend the act to equalize the State Tax.- In regard to the four great stairways, it is not thought advisable to recommend their permanent deco-ration at this time; but merely to paint them in sim- of the highest art. Otherwise tbeee symbols of nationalSKC. 13: Makesit thedaty of each of tho Assistant Harbor-Mas ters within his District to prevent all unnecessary encumbering longer. Mr. McLane was loth to return without evening a difficulty occurred between two Baltimore- Also, several Brooklyn and L^ng Island railroad of any pier or bulkhead with any goods, wares or merchandise,ple colors. None but pictur.es of the highest ordershould be admitted to places of such prominence. To age is essentially inferior to that of France, Prussia ox-acquire these, not only time but the utmost care and Great Britain in this respect. We are aware that the deliberation are requisite. There can be no doubt of Government has expended considerable amounts inthe ability of our artists to perform this work; but prorcrit g designs ai>d models, but unfortunately thesent after tbe President's repeated requests. Atemporary delay, to hear the latrst news from wounds in both hisSrwer limbs. The difficulty occurred for which Mr. Vassar devises"$400,000 iu bis will.inJ tbe rotunda of the Capitol, and caused for time Mexico, was conceded on his account. The pur- much excitement-Also, a bill to incorporate the New-York and Brook-.lyn Cab Company, and for two more city railroads in SKC. 15. Requires the Harbor Master to report annually to thetime must be given them for preparation, both in fres-skill of competent artists hss nQt been called into requi-pose of sending him back at this time is to deter- mine tbe policy to be pursued in case Miramoa at- tacks Vera Cruz, in protecting the American Con-L o u i s i a n a L e g i s l a t u r e .W ASHINGTON', March 11, 1860.Hie New-Orleans Picayune of Wednesday containsGot emor the whole number of VOSHOIB arriving in the port during New-York. • • tbe year, and the amount of tunnage thereof, as the same shall The bills to amend tho Juvenile Delinquent Society's appear from the reports fi^edin his office, together with the charter, so as to prohibit Sunday amusements, and to smount of fees received, and snch other matterB as the Governorauthorize the Richmond County Supervisors to deter- shall direct.SKC. 16. Provides that the Harbor Masters now in office shallco and in oil. Heretofore they have been engaged, sition, and it seems absurd for us to boast of dis- with tew exceptions, upon easel pictures, and it is im- tinguished artistp, and not employ their talentspossible for them to adopt, at once, the style required in everv department pertaining to their professionatol and ehot his antagonist, the ball inflicting fleeh the Viiesar Library and Boys' aud Girls' Colleges,SKC. 14.'Requires the Harbor-Master «nd .his Assistants to fur- niBli a copy of thia Act to any Captain, owner or consignee who shall demand it. .sulate and property. The commander of the an act passed by the Louisiana Legislature authorizing mine and pay the claims of damages for the Quaran- coiitinue in office to tbe end of the term for which they havein works of much magnitude. It is said that Horace Vernet has been offered one of these spaces to fill, and it is readily conceded how valuable would be the ac-wbich tb« Government may require. We feel it to* be important that there should- be harmony in the form and spirit in all departments of our national artTbe police arrested yesterday Wm. K. Biglay, ontelegraphic information from Savannah, coarged with the Oswego aDd Syracuse lisilroad, tbe Albany aui VermontOFFICE OF TJ. S. ART COMMISSION, \ WASHINGTON, Feh. 22,18G0. 5SIR: The U. S. Art Commissioners authorized byAct of Congress June 12,1858, and March 3,1859, and is deemed proper that we ehould profit oy their expe-obtaining, by fraudulent means, $21,000 from the State Bank of Savannah. He was committed to await a reqiusiaon from the Governor of Georgia.^ _Railroad, the iieusaelaer and'Saratoga Railroad, tho Saratoga and Whitehall Railroad, the Chemung Railroad, the Rochester and Genetee Valley JtMlroad, and the Genesee Valley Railroad, from tbe 1st day of April to tho 1st day of December in each year, as they do upon tho Canals ofth*t State; and during the same time the baid board is authorized and required to impose tin ee-fourthstaught them the necessity of adopting this rule; and itthat way. Mr. Breckinridge's Know-Nothing and A d d i t i o n a l b y t n e O v e r l a n d M a i l of the same rates of toll, per'mile, upon all property transportedely atan Ait Commission, c«mpon«cf of those designated by tli« unitolvoice of American artists as competent to the ofllc?r who shall be accepted as the exponent* of the authority and influence or American art, -who shall be the channels for the distribution of all appropriations to be made by Congress for art purposes, and •who shall secure to artists an intelligent and unbiased adjudica- tion upon the designs they may present for the embellishment ofslave-code speeches have damaged him materially, and Mr. Douglas's friends will never consent to his nomination.THE TARIFF.The Opposition members of the Ways and Means Committee have matured a Tariff", and arc ready to report whenever the opportunity is offered. Therngin features of Mr. Morrill's bill are preserved, with various improvements. A loan of $20,000,- €00, to fund the Treasury Notes, forms' a part of tlit measure.THE CONNECTICUT ELECTION.The following was received by the Agent of the As-sociated Press on [Friday night, but through accidentfailed to reach the morning papers:|Mi:LOT'S STATION, Friday, March 9, 1860.A correspondent of a San Francisco paper, who hasvisited tbe mining localities, writes as follows: It isfrom tide water upon the New-York and Erie Knilroad, tne Buf- falo, New-York ai>d Erie Railroad, the Niagara Bridge and Can- andaigua Railrotd, the Syracuse, Bingbamton and New-York Railroad, and the Elinlra, Jefferson and Canandaigua Railroad, destined to the city of Buffalo or Suspension .Bridge, or to any point bcyona those places, or beyond Ounsirk, out of the Sta.e, or to the city of Syracuse or tho city of Rochester; aad upon hii property comitifc from b ochotter or Syracuse; and upon all prop- erty coming from Suspension Bridge, Buffalo, or Dunkirk, pro- duced in, or coming from other States or Canada, and dostinod toand grounds at the Seat of Government, for the pur- pose of maturing a general plan of action for carryingpriately be decorated with subjects relating to the ju- dicial history of the nation.• Desperate efforts are making here to aid Demo- crats in carrying the Connecticut election; and, as a means of inciting State feeling, promises are freely made to nominate Mr. Seymour for Vice-President a t Charleston. -NORTH CAROLINA FOR MR. HUNTER.Color should be so arranged a* not to add to tbeir ob- and it bocornes them as patriots to see" to it that no scurity, as in thepresent instance. In all places wheredoubtful whether a [country of the same extent and the city of New-York or to tide water. And tno said Board,manners and habits of different sections of the country.will, in the opinion of the Commissioners, best secure a The various Committee-rooms cf both Housee will, THK FKKSIDE>-T QTTHK TJyiry.o STATES.equal richness In mineral deposits exists on the globe.]So one can see the country without being impressedwith the fact of its extraordinary richness. Gold anddiirinB the samo tiriie, is further autnorizod and required to im- pose the some >ates of toll, per-mile, as they do upon tho Canals of the State upon all property transported upon the O^dunshurgh Railroad'ccming from east of tho State hue or from tide w*t*r,harmonious result.The erection of a great national capitol seldom oc-curs but once in the life of a nation. The opportunity 'such an event affords is an important one, for the ex-from the purpose to which they are severally applied, naturally suggest their mode of decoration.All passages which, from their situation, cannot beNOTE.—Estimate ofnppropriations required to carry out tlie- recommendations of the foregoing report!For eight pictures, to fill four panels in the House andsilver ore are known to exist as far as Honey Lake on and destined to any place beyond or we^t of Ogdensburgh, andtour in the Seriate chamber .'For four statues for Senate retiring room.For two statues for ea»te:n front door, south wingFor two colossal busts for Vice-Fresident'sclerkFor two statues for House of Representees (Speaker'sFor Speaker's roomFor completion of painting the. private stairways snd$40,cocr 20 009 6.400 3,000lo.oeo 2,0007,roo 2,oee 4,000lz.oce28,(30020,000 10,000 15,000North, Walker River, and Geneva Lake on the south, and Black Rock, about 150 miles from Carson City, on the East.The Latest by Telegraph to Fresno City.SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 18, 1860—Ip. m. •Arrived ship Sumatra, from New York.upon all property transported upon said road coming from auy place went ol Ogden»burgh, and dentined to any point east of the State line or to tide water. Ana the said Board is authoiized and required, during tbe tim»- aforesaid, to impo-e such amount of tolib aa would be chargeable on tne same property if transported between Rome and 0»wego by Canal, upon all property coming from or destined to other States or Canada, and passing over the whole length of the Rome and Watertown Railroad, or the Og-well lighted, ehouid be painted simply in ilat colors, pression of patriotic devotion, and the perpetuation with such Blight ornaments as will reader them lightThe markets are quiet. Refined Sugar weak at 13c. dem-biiTgh Railroad. Rut no toll shall be charged upon livepassages in the rear of the Speaker's deskFor room eakfc of Speaker'sFor Post-Office, south wins-For modeling valves for eastern front doorsFor casting and chasing the same in brouw*For commencing decorations of lobbies and htdU, andNews from Oregon i3 to the 13th inst., and from Washington Territory and British Columbia to the 10th. Dr. Randall of the Army had arrived at Walla walla, with considerable gold from the Similkameen Mines. One hundred and twenty pack-mules left the Dalles on the 17th for Similkameen, and parties were leaving forstock, frebh meats, fresh fmh, game, and poultry of any kind, car- ried on any railroad.SKC. 2. The said railroad con ponies shall transport property hore.af.er upon vhe said roads when the same shuJl be tendered and delivered to them, nubject to tolls, as prescribed in the first section of this act, and shall make monthly statements thereof to the Auditor of, the Canal Department, in such form as he shall direct, and shall pay the tolls thereon in such manner as thedwsijtns for sameFor painting ante room of Senate„„The Democratic Convention of North Carolina the aam i place every day.The Washington Legislature has appointed dele- Commissipntrs ol the Canul *und shall require, and the saidangles which occur throughout the halls andlobbies of both wings of the Capitol Extensioa.This oversight is the more extraordinary when theyfind expensive painting aod gilding, as iu some of thelower balls and the ante-room of the Senate, wheremutilations have already taken place. Ornamentationin stucco is not properly employed where permanency STREETS—SXVEN HORSES BURNED TO I>EATH.i a s chceen delegates to Charleston for Mr. Hunter,and the indications are that Georgia will follow theexample. His chances for the nomination have in-creased decidedly in the last few weeks as offering The only interesting item from British Columbia i*Commissioners uro hereby authorized to prescribe the manner of such payment, and to enforce the collection of the same by an action at law.make the statements, pay the tolls, and perform the other dn- ties imposed upon them by the provisions of this act it shall for- feit to the ptople of this State for every day of such neglect or refusal, the sum of ten thousand dollars, and in every ciwo of such forfeiture or neglect, it shall be tho duty of the. Attorney- General to »ue for, and collect the some by an action at la<v in the name of the people bf thhi State.HRC. 4. All acts and parts of aotBinconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.The following is the vote by which the above bill was passed tbe Atsembly:YEAS—Mecsrn. B, Allen, O. Allen, Barden, Barnett, Beebe,gates to a Joint Convention of Washington Territoryand Oregon, to be hold at Vancouver in May, for theFIRFS.consideration of the necessity of constructing a North- the-8. if either of the said roads nhall refuse or neglect toern Pacific Railroad.F'lttE IN WEST TWENTY-FIFTH AND TWKXTT-S1XTKof investigation to begin upon. Mr. "VVinalow's Canadian line of steamers, and $10,000 a year for the Biiby, Bottman, Briggs, Bush, Carter, Chittenden, P. Clark,absence this week may retard progress.telegraph to Belle Isle. Coleman, Collins, Ouok, Orane, Crocker, oulver, Dickiuson, It is projected to run a submarine cable from some Downs, Divight, Ellsworth, Emerlck, Evans. Finch, fr'isnor, point on the St. Lawrence at or below the present ter- Flagler, Fuller, Fulton, Gibvt, Gray, Hull, Holcomb, Hoskins, Hubboll, Jakwoy, Jeffords, Jennings, Jewell. Jewett, Johnson,they shall have performed their mission here, by giving expression to uubjeels of national interest in wmch the several States shall have been represented, it will be aThere are other instances equally incongruous, under a shed. Before an alarm could be given the fire1Tr:ig:Tr 7TNEW-OULRAMS, Friday, March 9,1860.Jtortfyappearatanytime,andatanyplace,andbofore requiringcorrection.ItshouldhavereidthatMr". totbe17thn.timo.Mr.Seymour,ex-Supenntendent. ielaiiohtoHarborMastersfortheportofNew-York, laidandeubordinatedbysymbolsandimperti^ntor- that,haditnot'beendecidedtofillthepedimeat" Tfc* onderrigned ha* been always ready to vol*«- The House report of Friday contained several errorsvThe Picayune has advices from Belize, Honduras, gation reported a bill this morning to amend the act;in attempted, they are BOforeign in treatment, *o over- however, the Commissioners feel constrained to aidwhich provides substantially aj follows; nament, that we hardly recognize them* Our chief With statues, they would have recommended <Alo~SBOTTOK 1. Provides that one Harbor Master and ten A§»tot- delight in this t-urvey i« in a few nicely-painted ani:. relievifrom,A part of the building, and conieq*entiyant Ijarbrtr Matters shall bo appointed by tho Governor wkn mala and American birds and plants in some of Uie adniit of a treatment in harmony with it. VaiiotwMr. Houston whether he was tbe champion of The Tbe bark William 0. Aides, from Belize for New- tb* advice urdonrent of tho Sonate—vacancies to oe flllod by lower halls; and even here, one familiar with foreign grades of relief are proper in the same work addingsay Committee of the honorable Senate, and it now Ha*kin stated that the Committee on Publio Printing had departed'for England, a&d Mr. Berkley, ex-Secre- ready, upon bis rights as a man and a citizen h©!n£_re- let out the binding- to binders of respOOHibiUty, who tary, bad bten appointed Lieutenant-Governor. epected in accordance with the People'* Bdl of Rights were the lowest bidders. When Mr. Haskin askedin the Consutoucn of bis country.February. The Indians bad bnmed the vessel and Asuslanttill snch time as the Governor shall fill snch vacancy; bols of a past mjthology, but wanting the exquisite iwe rnstane«s, it ia true, in which stataeeprinted in the official report, was: "No, Sir; lam eArgo. The crew were saved, and bad arrived at and in case of temporary inability of an Assistant the Harbor• »Missouri Republican State Conven- tion.execution and significance of the originals. have been employed to fill pediments; as m In proposing a plan for the decoration of the Capitol, the ca*e of the Parthenon, whose porticoes were'on tho side of the country, and against malpractices/'instead of casting an imputation on Mr. Haskiu's Belize. trutlifPness.BOSTON, Maroh 11, i860. Wm. Madigan and Isaac T. Read were elected dele- gates to the N&tional Printers'Convention, at Nash-for bis own benefit, but.at his own costST. LOTTIS, MO., Saturday, March 10 I860. ville,Tenn., by the Boston printers, on Saturday night. ^SEC. J». The Harbor-Master shall keep an office in the City of this particular work. The execution of these decora-In expenditures of money for works of art it ia Im- portant as a wise measure of economy that production*- of sufficient merit should be eecured to render their future removal or obliteration unnecessary. Ifria trueThe Republican State Convention assembled at Mer-cantile Library Hall thia afternoon. B. Gra'z Browncalled the Convention to order, and wasafterwarl• i . .1Loss of the Steamer Hickman.New-York, and shall appoint a Secretary, at asalary rise exceed- ing $1,1)00 per annum, and a Mesaonger, at a salary not exceed- ing $600, to be paid out of tho fees received by said Harbor Master.tions must necessarily extend over a long space of time, and be subject to the will of Congrees from year to year. It is therefore of the first importance to estab-CINCINNATI, Saturday, March 10, 1860.SKC. 4. The captain or commander of every ship or vessel, ar-steamer Hickman was burned on Monday, eighteen exclusively employed in navigating the cannls of the State or the buildings may advance toward completion, and thus chase their experience in this as rn all other matters;chosen President. The attendance was very Bmilt,less thau 200 being present. But one caanty in the A eprcial despatch to The Commercial says that the rivina in the port of New-York, excepting canal boats aud barges lish a tystem which can be pursued deliberately as the that Governments^ as well as individuate mtrit pur-State sent regularly elected delegate*. Four delegatesat Krge, with alternate?* and t vo delegates and alter- miles below Little Rock, and that she is a total loss. port to the Harbor Master stating in.writiog tho name of such confusion would be the inevitable result* The elab-Two of the passengers were burned, and the rest of tbem and the crew barely escaped .with the'r lives.vessel, the name of her captain or commander, her port of de- jin this particular, from its inac'eqoacy to meet the re- quirements of the age, and its falsity as an expression of our artistic development, &a<i been already indulgedSENA TE- -..ALBANY, March 10,1860. The bills to prevent auotion frauds, to open Madisonof picture e which may be devoted to subjects immedi-ately relating to the discovery of the country, tae n&tive, wiJd dignity en* forest dr«ssand etruts throughThe bill was made the special order for next SBCI 7. Assistant Harbor Masters shall have power to remove Wednesday, by a vote of 12 to 10. vessels not employed in receiving or discharging cargo, to Mr. FIERO introduced a bill to .incorporate the make room for .such as may . require accommodations.Each Assistant Harbor Master shall have authority within his New-York Corn Exch mge Warehousing Cumpanv. district io determine how far and in what instances it is tbe duty Mr. ROBERTSON'S bill, relative to the Commis- of the masters or others having charge of vessels to accommodate sioners of Emigration and the Marine -Hospital, was each other in their respective situation". And as to the fact whether any vessel is fairly and in good faith engaged in receiv- made the special order for Thursday next. <5.-a*«srt ing or discharging her cargo, and as to the necessity for the re- A long printed communication from the Central moval of any vessel,authorized to be removed by him, each Assistant Harbor Master is constituted the sole judge, subject only to the right of appeal by any p«rson aggrieved to the Haroorhe country—followed by that of the Revolution—andhave achieved a national reputation, to compete withv each other, would render tbia a doubtful policy to pur-lution. Ei>.][This report will be found in another column.— *TbebilltolocatetheSchuylerCountybuildings at Havana passed by .70 against 7.It is the opinion of the Commissioners that far ent. When Congress shall have made appropriations greater fcobriety Bhould be given to these halle, in their for their final arrangement and completion, landscape general effect, to render them less distracting to the gardeners should be invited to submit designs for that eye. Few are aware how disturbing to thought theTbe Assembly did not adjourn till neatly 5 o'clock.Mr. CONKLING presented tbe remonstance of 60 of the State or the Hudson River, the sum of one aud one-halfBanksof New-York, Albany, and Brooklyn against the Bank-note engraving monopoly.cents per tun, to be computed upon the tunnage of said ships or vessels expreeted in the report hied at hereinbefoie provided, or in the register license, or enrollment of said ships or vessels; which sums shall be. in lieu of all tie lVes of Harbor-Mastors nowdisplay of gaudy, inharmonioue color, can be'made.purpose.Before leaving the subject of Government require- ments, in respect to art, the Commissioners feel com-Several other remonstrances were presented on thenight is very dark, and there seems to be but small probability of her arrival before to-morrd w.Maryland Legislature.BALTIMORE,Saturday,March10,1860. The State Legislature will adjourn sine die to-night.by tufoing out the Baltimore Delegates; declaring tho To amend tho General Railroad act BOas to restrict or by imprisonment not. exceeding three months, or both suchclerkship of the Circuit Court vacant, and Mr. Jerrett, tbe use of proxies. ' tine bnd imprisonment,Democrat, Controller of the State. No farther action To set back the line of the Harlem River between SKC. 11. Provides tfcat the matter, owner, or consignee of anyhas been had on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad bill, First avenue and One-hundred-and-thirty-lirst street. vessol subject to fees, shall pay the same to the Harbor Master,Also, several remonstances against the New-York City Railroads.TbeConnecticutBoundary'LineRepealact.mandorreceiveanyothercompensationforsuch services,orif richnessofeffectmaybeobtained,andisperhapsonly t?8ticsei;3e,andwoshould'evinceanunconeciousnesftofbeen appointed, but that the Governor shall designate one of them who shall bo Harbor Master, and the others shall be Assist- ant Harbor Masters.of January amounted to 18,000 bags, at G||360 to 6j|400. 81 to 33, and which was reported to the Senate to-day, said act shall continue in office, as provided in the foregoing 16th constitutes, in fact, one of their great merits. It isexplicit instructi ms, knowing the Administration Dealers had paid as high as 6j|7lK) to 6||800 for some Section.and made a special order for Wednesday, March 14?. SKC. 18- Thisuct, except as is otherwise provided ia the aboveTHE SUPREME COURT.The Supreme Court will reassemble to-morrow, minus of the Montreal Telegraph Company's line, to a C. Kclaey. R. S. Kelsey, McArthur, McKadden, McQuaoo, Mc- crowning triumph of our civilization.. Arc, like nations, wooden doorways and jambs, much to their detriment.extended to the premises of Mr. Schureman. in which was a large (Quantity of h'ght material, and but little time elapsed before the entire building was in flamee. The basement was used for stealing purposes, and seven horses in tho stalls were burned to death. Thepoint on the i^abrador shore, at the Straits of Belle Ve»n, Mather, Merritt, Merselis, Mi.ler; Millington, Morgan, and Judge Taney expects to resume his seat. I&le. Moultou, A. A . Meyer; Nowt-ll, Palmer, Payne, Pelton, Perry,PERSONAL. The channel at the selected place is so narrow thai- Plumb, Pond, Powell, Kithardsun, Rider, St. John, Savage, Seailes, Servis, H. Smith, J. Al. Smith, AV. M. Smith, Spoaker,Secretary Floyd has gone temporarily to Virginia, all vessels passing through the Straits approach within Stilson, Ttt^art, Tucker, Van iilstyne, Van Horn, Whipple, half a mile of the main land. This extension of the Wiley. Williams—Si.has lit heroio history, its reiined and manly history, its eilemmate and sensuous history, the sure presage of de- cay. Our art is just entering the first of these phases. Shall we allow ir. to be supplanted hero in its young life, by that of an eil'eto ana decayed race, which in noIf it were desirable to enrich the doorways leading tothe galleries of the Senate and House of Representa-part of them (not detached and fastened on afterward); Frederick Banfield.' Nos. 95 and 97 West Twenty-fifth, to look after his personal affairs. telegraph wire reduces communication between Europe NA YS—Missis, blugham, Burnt, Caldwell, Callicot, Colet, way represents us? Our prido should revolt at the this would have secured harmony, while the bronze street, and apprehensions were entertained that manyConk in, Coonley, Corntlivi, Durcy, Decker, Dorsch, Garrcttson, very idea. We should not forget so soon the homely' T H E C A D E T S H I P S . andAmerica to about six days, as tho length of tne Gover, tlarriu, Jaques, Joz.rs, Kennedy, Kortright. M(tnternf»i, employed in the present instance, when seen at a few of the adjoining houses would be destroyed, but through;Four hundred applications were made for ten }>io]K>sed cable is some itpO miles, or nearly two lull Mifhken, Odett, O'JUourke, Peck, Petcit, Regan, A. Smith, Taber, manners aad taefes of our ancestors, and the hardships yards cistance upon a light ground, has the effect of so the exertions ot the firemen they escaped material days' steaming distance. Vavian, Vertnilye, Voorhees, Wnlth, Wcbuter, IVoodrujO'—'-Hi. they endured with undaunted hearts; but it should be many unintelligible dark Bpots incapable of light and u,cadetahipsatthedisposalofthePresident.7o UMAmod*t«d PreM.W ASIU.VOTO.V , March J1, I860* The subject of the impeaenment of Judge Watrousat Texan wiu soon again be brought before the HouseCommittee on the Juaiciary.The friends of the admission of Kansas under the"Wyandot Constitution are becoming more hopeful of the aaccese of the measure before the expiration of the present session.Tbe Senate-'s tommittee on the Judiciary have re- ported a bill for the relief of Sweeny, Rittenhouto, Jb'ant and Company, who claim iudemoity in conse- quence of an alleged violation of contract by the Secre- tary of tbe Treasury, in not adhering to his'propoeals Jbr the Ten Million Loan of 1808. The bill directs the Secretary .to refund,fcheone per cent deposited as secu- rity by toe bidders, and refors the question of conse- quential damages to the Court of Claims for adjast- jnent.The House Committee on Public Expenditares^have examined tseven witneesee on tbe subject of the public priating. They will probably, at the end of thia week, make a report, showing the extraordinary profits and the demoralizing uses to which a portion of the money has been applied.About thirty of tbe forty or more cases affecting Cal- ifornia land claims have been argued before the Su- preme Court during the present term. The decision as to a few of them will establish the principles applicableThelineistobecompletedduringtheensuingSum- AnsxSTonNOTVOTING—Messrs.Arculariun, Butler, D. ourpride,towelcometheirveneratedformsinthese shadeinthemselves,andconsequentlydisturbingthe hiJy« . , ,a.mer. The Associated Press of the country will, as Clsrk, J. Clark, Cooper. Coachman, Earll, Hough, Low, Max- builoings snd grounds, and surround tbem with the in- Loss of Mr. Higgins on budding No. 10'fand on twousual, have reliable arrangements for procuring the earliest intelligence by this route.son, Austin Meyers, Robinson, Slingerland, Yeury—14. Republicans in Roman; Democrats in Italics. *THE DIVORCE BILL.signhtof anatiou's love and homage; and patriotic general unity of the halls. Carving in wood is a legiti- howes, hay, feed, See , about #7,000. Insured for.5a third after the manner of the Bath* of Tituaj aid portant at present, it ia deemed adviaa&le to defer itHudson River, i hail, within 24 hours afW her arrival, make a re- secure a harmony and adaptation where otherwise but it would peern that the- system heretofore^pursued8ludy,and consultation, and could not well be em-nage.whichreportshallbehiedintheofficeoftheHarborMas- bracedwithinthelimitsofthisreport. Wetherefore inwithsufficientliberality. Nationshavebeenproudrom the Rotunda toward the halls of the Senate andHouse of Representatives, such other successive sue with them. It is therefore deemed bat respectful epochs of our history as would enable a person with and proper to award to such artists commissions for ordinary intelligence to read it consecutively. works for which their talents- and acquirements' haveNext in order comes the legislative history of the fitted< them. The Commissioners are sustained in theirHarbor-Master, together with all penalties, fines, and forfeitures,shall, after deducting the sums hereinbefore authorized to be de- coats—for dramatic and scenic effects, and for all pur- been employed, is there a greater apparent deficiency ducted therefrom, be by him divided equally at the end of each poses where it is dosiredto address the senses instead than there is in the Government coinage and dioceink.A number of bills were reported favorably, among month, between himself and allof tne Assistant Harbor Mas- of the intellect. This very quality renders it unsuited iDg. In all that pertains to tho mechanical execution ters, and paid over, share and share alike, and no other compen-them tho following: sation shall bo received hy the Harbor Mastor or his assistants. to halls of deliberation, where calm thought and un- our coinage will compare favorably with tbat of any To incorporate the New-York Homeopathic College.' And if the Hsrbor Master or oither of his assistants shall de- impas6ioned reason are supposed to preside. Great ntber nation. Our great deficiency ie mainly in an ar-quisition 01 a work from such a master for a national as a basis of all future development iu that direction-SKC. 37. The act entitled " An Act relating to Harbor-Masterof the Port of New-York," passed March lb",laSf, and the aotto regulate the use of slips and wharves between piers Nos. 2 and10 East River, passed April ,18, lUi>7, and all acts and parts of actsregulating the uoo, or setting apiut and reserving any of the piersor wharves of the City of New-York, together with all acts andparts of sets inconsistent with the provisions of this act, are,hereby repealed; but notwithstanding the repeal of the aforesaid French life and manners, and his works consequently ment of their decpration. For this purpose an appro-appointed by the President May 18, 1859, met and or-ganized on the 15th of June foliowing, and subsequentlymade thcR1 preparatory survey of the public buildings been assigned to the Supreme Court, and may appro-the United States, in tlie following extract. from memorial to Congress in 1858:theirSubjects connected with valuable di3coverie>3 and in- out the work entrusted to their charge. For the fur- ventions are well adapted for the decoration of the therance of this object they beg leave to submit the fol- long corridois leading from the Rotunda to the hallslowing Report upon the system of decoration hereto- of legislation. Tbe lobbies of the Senate and House offore adopted in those buildings, and to recommend such ulan for fntnre art-decorations &Dd embellishments aaRepresentatives afford ample space for portraying inci-dents in pioneer life and other scenes illustrating thethe national building." '. HENRY K. BROWN, JAMES R. LA&fRDlN. JOHN F. KEN8KTT.through the arts of paint ir>c and sculpture of that which, is high and noble, and held in reverence by the people;and cheerful. More than this would be inappropriate.taint of falsity is suffered to be. transmitted, to the fu- ture uiion the escutcheon of our national honor in its artiatic record* A theme so noble and worthy should interest tbe heart of the whole country—whether pa- triot, statesman, or artist, one impulse should govoru the whole in dedicating those buildings and grounds to the national.honor.It is presumed'to be tho wish of Government not only to decora*0 their present buildings ia the best possible manner, but to use the opportunity which the occasion-affords to protect and develop national art. If there is to be any discrimination between native and foreign artists, the preference should be given to citizens. And our national history in its apDlication to the decoration of the public buildings should take pre- cedence of all other suojects.If this assumption is correct, the money expended by Government for this purp< ee, during the past five or six 3ears, with the exception of commissions like those jJven to Crawford and Rogers, hits been mitsapplied, for we lind but little else wbich relates to our history, or in which the American'mind will ever be interested. The arts allord a strong bond of sympathy; aud, whenstucco angles are exposed to constant mutilation, it isdeemed. ueelees to waste money in painting hi anyother than the simplest modes; as works of art wouldvery soon be rendered worthless and unsightly in situ-ations where every little breakage or abiasion wouldexpose the plaster underneatn. The Commissionersnotice with some surprise that no provision has beenmade for the protection of the numberless plaster For casting statue of Freedom for dome.hands should perform this task.It is not enough that the artist select an Americanmate mode of ornamentation, and is capable of being $1,600 in the St. Nicholas, aud $1,600 in the Green- rendered rich and effective. Bronze and marble are wich Insurance Companies.Mr. [Richmond's bill to amend the law in regard.todivorce diEsolving tho marriage contract, was ordered subject for his work. lie must also be imbned with a natural objects can never subserve this purpose, from and were valued at $150 each. Mr. C. also lost aboutCounty. ibDows: / country, and should have a certain assimilation with its with modeled or mechanically wrought surfaces, with/ Loss of James Uglow, on one horse and other nron- OswBGO. N. Y., Saturday, March 10, 1860. SUCTION 1. in addition to the causes /in which a divorce dl«- habits and manners. He should be, as it were, baptized which, however beautiful in themselves, they have no .erty, $150. r *Returns from all the towns of Oswego County have solving the maniage contract may now bo decreed by tho Su- in the spirit of its nationality, or his labor, however affinity or relation. This is a principle in taste long M H kinBpreme Court, such a divorce may be decreed by said Court in well performed in an academic sense, will fail to meet ^ jH,°Ji C', .°P > °a one horse and a quantity ofno less so when properly applied; but castings from Three of the howes belonged to Mr. K. C. Cotton £leetton of Supervisors in Oswego to a third reading in the Senate to-day. It provides as high sense of the nature of the institutions of the the fact thatjhey must always be brought in contact $250 worth of other property.been received. They show that 17 Republican and 8 either of the causes following: , - ' _ . » * a response from those for whom he toils. The Etruscan since established; a departure from icis an acknowl- hay, #:uu. JSo insurance.Democratic Supervisors have boen elected.Election at Maueh Cnunl£.'MALXH CHUNK, PH., Saturday, March 10, 1860. In the borough election held here yesterday the Ke publicans elected the entire ticket by an average maI. Whe»« either party to the marriage shall, for the period of three years next preceding the amplication for suoh divorce, have willfully deserted the other pa;ty to,the marriage, and ne- glected to perform to such party the duties imposed by their'I. Where there is, and shull have been for the period of one year next preceding the Application for such divorce, continuous and repeated instances ol CiU.ei.and Inhuman treatment by eitheredge ruefct of inability to fulfill, or an ignoranoe of tho legitimate requirements of art.The Commissioners feel no ordinary pleasure m referring to the works of Crawford and Rogers; tor iu them they recognize a nationality and a^suitability to the purposes for which tbey were designed. Tne Government is fortunate in the possession ot the works of the former, of these artists, since it has pleased an all-wise Providence toarrest his bilbantcareer so earlyjority of eighty over the Union ticket nominated by party, -o aa greatly to impair the health or endanger the life ol the D'-aiocrat*. The Republican majority last year tho other party, thereby n ndering it unsafe to live wita theait is mainly interesting as a historic record of an other-wise lost nation; and the beautiful art of the Greeksderives its chief value from it-a nationality; and that 01the ivgyptians from a similar cause. It requires bubttle dificrinuuation to perceive that, were ihe arts ofthese different nations interminglod, they would losetheir chief value—their individuality. Are our owuportmt-statues satisfactory, in which the Greek orRoman costume has been substituted for that worn bythe individual represented 1 Do they not rather con-vey a feeding of shame for the pancity of invention onthe part of the artist, and an acknowledgment thatwe have sought refuge in stuffs and draperies to con-ceal, our want of power iu the expression of character?We want nothing thrown in between us aad the factaol our history to eBirange us from it. We want to be nMonal patronage.for $1,000 m the St. Marks Insurance Company.Loas of Mr. Vinoent $800. No insurance.The dwelling house No. 10'„\ owned by Mr. Himrme, and occupied by L. W. Haleoy, being in imminent peril the ocoupant hastily removed his furniture, thereby R a w i n g damage to the amount of $400. In-sured in the St. MarkB Insurance Company. tur in hewas thirty.•Tne Carstang-Snaw Case.'ST. Louis, March It, 1860. A jury was impanneled yesterday in the case of Car- stang agt. Shaw, for breach of promise of marriage. Wm. Howes, counsel for the plaintiff opened tho caseia a long speech.Navigation Westward.party guilty of such cruelty or inhumanity.SKC.2. The foregoing section shall not apply to any personwho shall not have been an acttial resident of this State for the period of five years next preceding such application for such8KO. 3 provides that habitual drunkenness (contracted after marriage) Tor three y*ars shall be cause fdr divorce.SKC. 4. Specifications one, two, and three of original section thirty-eight of article threo of title one of chapter eight of part two of the Revised Statutes, shall apply to those_ causes lor divorce as tney now apply to the cause of adultery.SKC. 0. Tho other provisions of the Revised Statute* relatingto the granting of divorces for adultery, and regnlating the form myth. True genius presents us no night-maxe> no and manner of proceedings und decrees, and tho ©Hoots thereof,and the restrictions und defenses to the amplication thereol, vagaries; but is clear-seeing, and by its'subtleness ofin life. It is gratifying to learn that a safe and perma ^ Av ? i S , 1 ) dwelling-house No. 100, alsoabove specified, and all proceedings therefor and. therein, so far The New-York and Erie Rfiilroad steamer, New- and in such monne.r as th« some may bo capable of suchpalpable.to duller senses.We are. shown in the Capitol a room in the style oftho "Loggia of Raphael," another in that of Rompeii,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069intendent, it would be proper to reoommond an appro- priation for the remaining p<?dinient at anytime- but as the progress of the building dooa not reader* it im-York, arrived here this morning, aud la now-loading for Dunkirk.applieation.Sr.c. 6. This act shall tako effect immediately.pauio*Untitled Documentbrought near it—to realize it as an existence, not as aOtt having been detei-mined to fill the pediment of the mentof the eastern porticoes with etatuee, aad the statues for one of tbem having already been executedwhether from the pressure of other engagements intention, it ranks with the highest efforts of the mind or from the probable conviction that every foreigner in any other department.who respects his art and his own reputation must As the two balls of Congress and other portions of feel his incompetency to paint the history of anymorally impossible that he should wholly adapt his be found in a note appended to thia report.The Commissioners finding their functions andstjie or form of expression to ours. The expediency, powers not sufficiently defined b^r tho Acts of Con- therefore, of inviting even the most distinguished for- gress of 18o8andl859-to enable tbera to perform'thepete for any Government work. Experience hasrience, ratiier than purchase it for ourselves.The rooms formerly occupied by the Senate havewhere expensive broDze ornaments are fastened uponnent location has been provided for his models of the pediment under the Government. This act was dueowned hy Mr. Higgins, and occupied by Mr. Gore, dadamaged to the amount of $1,000 by fire and water* Fully insured. ^ ^ Mrs. Mary Crout, ocenpying No. 98, sustaiaed d?ja- age to the amount of $100 to her furniture, A frame building iu the rear, owned and occupied by RobertArmstrong, jr., was damaged to the extent of $ 150; damage to furniture, $50. Mr. Outlay occupyJxur the> first floor, lost $50.Sinn »S*8eJby breakage and water to the amount of alike to art and his memory; for his models are the fiw. jsii-. Gore is uninsured. Both buildings were*only real works of his hands in their possession, and as such will be objects of national interest, and may be- come a nucleus for a future school of art under the"which Sovereign States do constantly bear," should not only be designed'in significant conformity to the wearing of euch anns, but in the epirit and formcharacteristics lose their chief siguificence. Oar coin-T o t a l .s}>16b',900Origin of the fire hj unknown.1 www.fultonhistory.com 