 Vft a*siJcn&Jns' race when he heard of three special traiaa.Tfee party 'aave 'Ch:^ig»> an. ?*taro&y.aad ara:«d ta ITsnkatrr, -atherChinlQrtfs statin, ec the "Jhsaf thecrr-wd rf five thousand persons stood shariag a the provinces It ran thus, and waa ottered wife ai the windows, in almratt perfect silence and marked empoaata and feeling —lawnof human at.U and enterprise ia the world.—PAatadVioktcjaper.'••OTJE HAMILTClir COBEESPONDENCE. BAn-Hos. C W ., Sept. 19,18d0little demage.The steamer Warrior. Taptain H R Johnson, ytag aione 04 fee upper wharvta, lost one 01 her chimneys, and sustains a damage ef about tl,20G.We also ixrn thai tt/ salt barge of Mr. M Waring, at the foot of Government street, capsiaed aad threw mtt tae river about four thouaaad sacks of salt.The loss in fee warehouses a avad to be abu-i U-rty tbtmwnd sacksThe wharves are tsjnred very much. All art'rise af merchanoife on them, tae wood at the wood yards, aba lumber and saw logs ax the miUa, have been assapt away, and a very serious loss of promiscuous articles baa been sustainea, the exact amoui.1 of atiai we canau'. .earn or cow appri x imateTo add to the horrors of the day, at about two o'clock fee fire beli rang a call for fee department to su »dae a fire or fee south side of Grverrtrient street, is* below Roys! Fortunately, however, little or 0' iasan-re was dt-ne.A-ratu, rr-tweer thro and four o'clock, tie a^aim cf rrs wui soen.!« i. and it was ww asierta'ned that the T : > house oi Messrs. Pomerey a atartuail, ir which a 'arge .inn CM of lime «as stored, was on fire. Being Eixraund- cJena:.SKi,*bywaterto the depth ofsevers. leet,11 wa- UBpuetibJe to aprrmtch the butldieg and fee re hadto lake Its conrs*. We aaso learn feat the tire ooaimca- cased useIf to Goodman's warehouse, in wc.ofi toere were stim" three tfco«iaa"d talf-s of cotton, ail oi *i_«;a were d'estroyvd. Br th.-$ time fee water bad re**" -'-zV.j recedea to c-naoie fee ,.re engines 10 BOOT>aj-*5 fee p.*»»e, out the drui and ether -m^ediments readcred uma jautti w h great measur*' abortivela fe< enj warthouise feesor.th wail was bijwc di~ri aad ee-rerai ba.< s tf couoo burned.Keteiicm a warehouse had a large part of the caat w— blown COWT. and the north gable end fell inThe waier was deep, but notwithstanding it ar '. other oilstruct^us, every 01,e of tb^ fire companies ••f.iacged m " and u; to the men s wausts, worked fee machine* and tenured like Tr*jans ir their ceateetior wife the fire amg. We do not remember ever befjre to have ".tta naeL labor with such *"'al sod devoted deterrr.rat a. The damage dore is groat, but we did not learn to what aniucnt. or as to tasaraBe». In the absence 0 'tactsK't *Mof tnirty -six thousand feet. It consists of two stories, and idle tn guess, but we hope feat matters are exaggerated,ana feat the actual toss wi.i be far below the minimum cf scppoeitrooTbe raiiruad track being submerged, of course the Mis- sissippi Ba&Etnger train failed to arrive, neither could the Citrocelifc train no op last eveatagTowa-c night fee wind veered to the soafeward sad ta a naontr lulled, but fee raia ami continues to pour down in torrents One year ago to lay—September IS—our city was visited by a simitar at rm One regularity about these storms is fee total absence of lightning and thunder, while it rains mctasaatly.It to feared that a rood deal of damag- b * s *"?rc '-"ZB to tte ehippnag in fee lower bay aad a'ong the coast. Many vessels are expected al tha seaann from Ncrfeem porta We shall wait intelligence in hope and suspense.In Tuesday "a bane we win endeavor to g-v» fuller par lieu ars. We cannot BOWeven oatimatri the loss, but sap- pose it a not tar from ttoOO.QOO.[From fee Motile Trioune, Sept. to.,Yesterday we were again visited a'ith a sery severe storm wh.cb proved to be more disastrous than feat which we reported on fee 13th of August last: althoughit did not come unexpected); for many of too "aid ir: taoitants,' «rh> always have their ••weather ey* open whenever the petrels are :ijia<. predictc.i, at vera, days ago. feat we would soon be visited by aaafeer severe gate. K e n t winds prevailed at' night and just bet ire sun- rise. About norm the weather was quite warm, aad can- tinaed in this way until Friday night.a t abort eleven o'clock th* rata began te fall, fee w a d blowing geatiy from fee east Very heavy blaca cicada were hanginy overhead, presenting a very ferwatrti ng!TBS TB1AGS OT XUfiAiU,which, u. 1192, when Ian Duke of Kent landed uere, was not only the metroposta of, but tte only town m Upper Canada, several neat and nandsome arches here lent awaawhsaarttorwgtpand it baa beaoaae a sani resort el tourieie.tt is dbaaet twetwe miles from Ktagara Falls, and shirty-two from Heaafton, aad bae a papatati<m of aooutsaasB thouaaad.It a becvtaing a tyMe reassrfc te any thai b a BoyaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069bahticaiion of the acceptance, oae of fee Mayor's police made sSiuavtt of fee danser to fee peaee deaa-mstrated 10 the said cards, sad his Honor aarued warrants upon which bofe parties were arrested aad oeld HI ball in fee sum of one inousaad dollars each te keep tte peace.you state feat the captain's brother, Br. Dtaajr, m a m« mber *»f our firm, ha fete f«a are mamfin mad, as baI"ftre« a KCB a way tha n*< was cote ..-.lied '-•jf« a oroar u>get («.t ••' tew way la * * u iTHE PRINCE OF WALES.-'Vfttt boats brfBtttiy Sltaminata* >rn sad his feBowe affrre. tha Prtace kept hta 1hadsa anttaslastie isesrtisii Cram tte tahab)- AddltlomaJ PBtrtteaUava erf tfce Terrificy i-»t iawn!i«eegoodmany"*nistbtage,aatfee ivrteaa*s-?reithatand arSgi-t wA Sraworka, g:1ing the datiogaisted guest car a2 Jay, sleoptng. amoaiag ad reading. At Marshall tasts, that the cheertag and wavtag at baadkaronieftTaravswto l a Ctae Chsif.Tha Mobile papers of las: Saturday afternoon and Sua-iaj J.1.1r_U ptitioalsni -* the teunas atsfsa ta ttu dtp oa tte lath last. We select the following from c-r tv-rFroaatba ita IB.'^"aaae -was* eta MM r-grei ti: a-aldss be BirM « * t•aideaofoarinlandnaarine. Onbothsidesofther*ver abandplayed'God?aaefeeQueen,"'andtteroyalX,-*OJtakecueU aeeeetr,- >*?;**.»*f-5*;*a*,a*semetinea. Be-awuldnottWMherforvh*l WW!*-" hot eeiteweette citywaaIlnattaawall,andaltogether theitapUywaaverygrand.thiowa acroas hta path, bat itwill apply to "tha partystoodnp,as ustal,Inside fee carwhitettehand m.chastoanyothermade bythePrmcatoSorfeaaas-«aa a *»» atttag arm EOT l A e BUBa Of g 9 ^er i^,; a*- for, sani osa-cl-cttaa as SuiteHawy 4...: tied hisss 1MB & E;will a* tar aaaj tram _ j4at*:Sept.U. lwgflOn Kf-i-eap bate, a*t*r taw MawyrNa ef ft* 1 art:« * r ,r*iau i « e * i j _ .taja-wad, an* m ial foita*tag herfy tbe JetecUv* at M'-uiii lx>u»tieae.imfajga'aB*' if""iMf*' 'to. a m sfTarflBaa.rid sleepy,end aponI E LAST BALL H 7i*E PouiTICEa After aeUtag ap and down fee length of the city, the la.Sn* who could not see the Prtace, a&d they lifted It up ftean^CaiberhwatoBBtaUltoB tha janraaj/vras per ftraaedby the Great Waatera Bailwee. the ltae of whtahdtatiivered e*r eerfirt^,ar-l ataottetram,setmiMarttaeSarg,VirginA,Dr.T.J.-.. wasoe*';*dtoreader ba .rni•annal eerrtcetH r" "a*l aVleaa BBBBBBM-•BstaiTgam MShftaupaj|.tf at aaaaHU^SaSBBBA aSaa^S aBaaTa* * l a w s *yp^#nmwaami< SBBBBBB*- Bassest-msBs awaww w^aw^^^w* • » ^^*^mm * ^^^^m w > -^ ^.^mj ^TMWe have net heard of aa; actoat itaaaage tram fee wind so tar. but appr^neneiooa are enterta ned tor tb«- a -th1srau af fee saw theatre, the heavy '"T'ltag materlata, haviag fallen agaiast it, oauiaiig it n rro- jee* BCasiti y frusa a perp'BdicuterQaeo'clock—eVvaaaisteamboatsaaasoa atoe abarves and men are amuetag themeerves with swim- minginWaterstreet, thewatereuvetavttea.dA«aiaaaaa announced ttoa* an aarUuy pawar os-ad aa re 4m a c » e wee tnsw dottag effacJ dy ng.anl at aV-trainfarChicago. TheUokoafJstawoastia;Mr.tagfehart, the BataWa seereaary; :•'•«"- St> 'ieraaaiaa aad upon fee subject, i t last ihe train reached Cti jsgc, and capers under their riders; {the members" of tte Abolition oa aa aw-era^e about had way betweaa Water and P. .^ait*&t o'w d an Mas-dap evening She breathed her Matt aait-aabu-g.h!ss»,theHanorahellr mil<«; :,or-:! Lyoaa, Sen."Brest, a. ! HOI THEFilm i??mi iWSUS H1SS£IS. Maj-nr Teaadata, Japt. Oraf a*d L.xA Hicatareace,. the•*"uetj, compoeed «Urely of negroes, stood m. watttag the royat party went oat oa fee platform to see fee city itke so saawa animated Mawha of India robber; feoee of and bay by mooBi.ght. They expressed admiration at the Ttmperanee itaotaty looked ttirsttog fcr oeer; the fitrsa;theSedentaryMilitiabadallfeeappearanceafAbuut -!•-van•'eteafcsheeaataamgahasof thagaard hcaaa fell down, to tae higharatitUatian of auaae of fee »raaa- eva,whocalleditasaainterpositionufHeaveno&theirThe mail beat taeaaKew awsaaaa is atttl eut, But tha probability a she aBchored aadar aoaae tea shora far pro tectioa. Noboatslefthereforthebayerriver. I;a ta possible te eattante what fee las wtl he. w» Imrn fromreliableaather'.tyfeateveryaaarrhaatfavuistreet down to the river n*s ausuotcd mare or hum The railroad track being submerged, ef course CM Isiasipp; pewaaugsr tran ta'led to arrrvr ounfeerfee Cirrowr ;e train go up .a«t evenisg We hare every reason to believe feat the track bss act been Injured, and that by th* time tb's meets fee »ye of th-> reader tha' the former trains wid have arrived aad thai ail needful ar- rarfrsneuu* will be maasta have every Ihaag a r u u < a g erdvr by Muanay mwr&iag. The freigot waa aa put up ea the platform oars and ta not damaged. The cotter, haw- ever, a ail wet,fKrom the Mob; *• Regater l^ept. 16 'Friday niabw akarUy bclure idecktek.a raia 10m- meaceti. dbieti gradually taercaaed duru»g fee nig at. The wind,«!i<-h at Ilrst wa« eortberry, iradaally aorketfTh*laenaawgwa*a*wu.thirty-tourfaaaeifage,,and laiaar pr«poawaa» jag Th« tody wae taken m ehs j ^ D y eiaatia Teatcaalay, a»4 taawrrea\ ta aaa af the c* j ^ r *ii Hi a , .-«• aaa -a. J.Ta\* Pmtr of Ua.ia.ar amd R TO M i lXJwToa*,aapt21,la«u. ra*' :*>gra|(|ft; iarpatc& race'.red frc ^ jje w Q/leiaa aa- MEprsg taw «aaaWr« «f Geawral *& m m * ate foiiwrers,ly taw Brtiao iiaiTwfrTaaraw, ttat aaaauaeaeTBi WallaT aaa Uloca. Hadier were to be awr ^ m^ m •; t ; : e g y y a« taowsa titaelty!aregard to rjoi,,,^4.y.R^ICT (,« iaiJar"!, I aa** Mfeaw tl» MK^IJ tf gtyjjg j ^ j ,, . j ^ . aatory vi Qim 1Kb.equerries,aadtwelveaarvaata,acoantpaavhim.w.sh tanr ey #ve tavttat guerts froa Detroit"t TBS expressij aUpahvted by the Sake tan; tfcj -.ra.a IwifotoBrilii-iAserica—flisSaUisheaidtakeattaaatteaaanrstaperfnemagthejccraeir.ttermmeneeper whJehcarriestrains tato thea wellLaadon draaaaasBi, aad caitad ' t h e Lepaachaan," waa produced here tast Bight. The past of tne new p eee a very alight, aad l i haw evtdeatly hera writaan solely tar tte pLrpeae ofjrivtaff to Mx^ Wintaaaa a fresh version of ha tavorite typo of atomaawn, the roUataBig lrmnmaa on ba travels, (has rwaUsa OTJoaaeU, who baa aarvad taBuhl, fee whoie party intending to take a drive through fee city before proceeding to the car;.The Prince bad a four horse carriage, but h a suite rode in vthiciee that would hare done credit to Donny brook fair, aad these were so crowded as to naeaailnlii£are-aader water, an., the *»ur saai 1 _ preaeii. is saore sovfeerly, but ahifUag.ft1*- ai•sattctedtoTears—Royalrresculs.IrrtfalI f t a i asaUrkaqr laksPlrW Ccaat Ifege MorCatoaoi Bailer to a awsr « of tbe State of Atabaaa, tad Tte Departure of tte Prince of TT*I»1K C--T.tral a2road. Tbenea they hunt a:roaa taercr'.rptawwarwllo • aiCo waeaaoflleartaoneit to*ajeUaera r«laaieer .-agraienta, aad dorkag t&at war be.amd w.ai bwaor to niaeeeUaa<lhwcountry laUi-s»»r ; -49 ae wer.t ta Caiitoraie, aad wnile ai t&at Stateat a w a r*-u*ait of San Jaaqaia county, aad at erne timeM oc^apied A e poaitioc af :Defaag Warabai of fee a t y ofStocmtoa.^*%ewaaanaetivamemberofthewn:gpartyleretTaa sa a pimraaV Jiaicuity wita one of Wa^tar s stroBgiy of h a first hall at Newfoundland. The ha|l 7,-aaam., atheaaam peiaoawhowaaanwaSknowninth^city for s a onaal'walliiai'a B a waa a man of ramarkaMermiTige. bat of a Tiotent aad tarbuleat sacner. and waaflrr^'.entiy inTolred ia pereoaai broita and daeia. i t*r-aapa ao man erar Irred to hat age who had received anurz— ?»•! *.. aaany daagavoua wwiiin.la In every batti« eptrita Be talked away, not only to a a partner, JUI to aad a nearly every duel in which be waa engaged bewaa wounded. Ba began h a career in the ranka of t i e American army m Hexico, aad by bia daring and &m Uan r—• :• wounds attracteci tuc ltteat. >n of bta ooanmaader.This morning the Prince formally opened the agricultu- toe am - . iada biaaaalf ta Spain aad ta what might be -, ral exhibition by walking around the ground and inspect-aerawd a aaaaeaUeraaa. He balavvna ttau if he can .aad tthe l^praachaaav, an eht aaaa who ta awppaaed, accordinging articles, and then left la a special train for Detroit, accompanied to fee depot by a sptaadi procession a&d ata the Irish supaisl'Tirin to be the gnardian of bidden j vast crowd.treasures, he cam reMava hiraaslf tasaa hie aeeaausry diffal-cullies. In the eveseai aaaa the Lepraacbann ia an oldmiser who a ptawdawtty ftUowed by 0'I)oaaaU through-iMany of the members of the suite who have accompe- atad him through Canada, aad were new about to sepa- rate, were affected to tears, so much had they learned toout tae ptay. wtaaah baa tte recommendation of brevityandhardlyanyother MrWiliiamaaaved-'TheLepran- tarehim. ThePrinceh.mselfataoseemedmuchaffected.of victory I might descant for hours apon a scene so a mute was fired ta honor of fee eveai. ltae ceremony storm became alarming. The wmd almost •'towtad,'- being now ended fee party returned to town. It is now and shifted from tte east to south, then southwest, east Afterdrivingthroughafewoftieprincipalstreet, picturesqueandfullofinterest,buttimepresses,aada halfpastteno'clock,aadfeeroyaicarriagebaa andsoutheast,andmostoffeetimeblowingaaater-ncofcomplete blaze of tight, making one of the gran.lest dis-NEW Y(TRK IflEKALD, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1S60.-TRIPLE SHEET.3boat eaaae to tte wharf at the tact of Woodward avesre, Tkf Prince W-iipwi *' «w«t UttkiifV' to lis where aa immense line of Oremen ware formed, aad as far aa one coaMaae oawtai af apectatora were gathered. Ai taaat Crty tttenaaad people were present, and when 'tte tend wrack up"TheStar Spasgied Baaaer,' thewith great erTjrt, ta order to ray feat they had touched ike fttece'e baggage, puttag their ftngwa reverently onhere rune for the mas', part through beautiful park like scenery, reaaiadmg one ot the taadasapea ef Di'voaaatre sad attar parts of atagtaad The trata stoyped atas the'way, where a atattorm and daw ware saastsd at thestatios,whichwaa gaylyfsatoeaedwithinmia—a,Fur aavarai days past fee w a a hasfrom fee S'-rth,Pinners,uditTj*Omm*l Ifiwalk. XORE FIJI i!H> LESS F01KUJTT.Ififinenoe.ifHieftjnerican RoyalTheFirstFascinationbya SouthernBelle.sheertag and anthnataaaB were trearavi- •*.FaraoaMtiwe tte taoding wss detayed eo narr-ntefthe crowd, and the Baron ttocd .00k.ag aamewbai. a.£ti.Aaaidmaafaten tte taata here,bet.wasttirewioff. Cartar atteopas with i jaular res^.s-- were male a i ever;. Stattah<t veiegrapa oeerator was on ooard the train mitt aaad erowtfed wife an eager multitude. The avartabte northerly, gmrtaaaly worked r saixt ta tte east a*: soita-Wales from BritisH SoilF l S l f O ! CB A Wa £. LouisKa...-"ad.roui.t SOtha aaat ana ao>.theaot, aud at fee time *» w - t e (12 o'eaack> it baa beau biswiae; tunooaly aiaoe aa earlp hour ct fee moramf. the ram c*nuuiag wife acreacmg atrcngw . 'he water has risen beyond fee corner cf Qau> pcin and IR.o?r streets, ana our a^erubaats are lusj se- ruTingtb«rgoods. Allfeewharves,exxptthiaacfeaThe Windsor folks did their illuminating in honor of the THE BARON'S"SrillOtD RECEPTION ATOETRQIT. rvtaaOtart evening ;a New York style, bom rg J O TParonllenfrewhaseaism'tr1creditaifeeMarineBin*here, and will prrsbablfr draw m<mey for fee oa'acce ot I trust no less general prosperity aad naspineas. tail <*own. to the high •vatificatton of some of the prtaon-afilty Tbonsand People Present. Oreat ^ptbTt^insTnanrltwoofthefinesttlocksin*Jiecity. UaemacT*9i.." whilefirtegasaiuia.Tt!!a n c T B j Baron Befrew a&d suite rode about fee city, viewing fee fine streets acta buUdtage- The car- riages were followed on a dead ran by treapa of mm. boys and evm ladies, ail anions to see taron RenfrewSimitar rowd* fBthered around the hotel aad railway station. Tbere waa BO ahonttag. however, sad ao ita-! can never forget fee scenes I have witaesaed The tte trip. short time during which I have enjoyed the privilege ofT,morrowheletv?s% Dwigk:elation,astelegrapne. associating m>self with fee 6aaaatanpeoplemasteveryesterday. Bewilldoa"bisshootiag(andfeat,lik- formahighepochtamylife, ishallbearawaywithme a grateful remembrance of kianaraa aad afieciion which.rrs, who hailed it as aa interpostUan ef Beavea ea their behalf.at half past one fee wind had veered to west of south, andwasconsiderablyabated. Thewtad.toohadnear'-j ceasedBusiness throughout fee day was entirely surpeaded. Mot a bale of cotton was sold, or a single ccmmer.jd transaction has been aliected. la tact, our oit.aaaa de- voted ttemseiies wbcliy to fee laborious work jf saviag feeir property;and those whose interests w a e aol.au- peri!i< d nobly came to the rescue of their leas torta&eis neighbors.There was a large arrival of cotton on tte wharves and in warehouses, which was seriously aasaaged by tha water .The steaaaeT Baltic, lying acnes ihe riser, naught ire about two o'clock. The axe waa put eat by fee hands en board, and but little damage waa cone.It was romo-ed and feared feat the steamer 9L Nicholas. 0' Messrs. O x , Brainard a Co. a hat, or seri- ously damaged. She a said to be blown ap on oae cf tha wharves near Hitchcock's PressThe steamer John Briggs, owned by Mr. Cos, lying at fee marine ways, was blown acres? fee river, and a now four nunand yards from fee bank of tte river. £v-. ry- fetag above her boiler deck—chimneys, cabin, 1:—'M gene, and nottiag except fee machinery will be saved, which win cost as much w i t a worth to save it. The boat hat been recently repaired.Ibe steamer Waverlv, owned by fee Messrs. Heaters,, was stao blown from fee ways acroas into fee saarah, juat above VL<- Mile creek, wife her chimneys ooorn aad upperAire the Canadiaas to be On tdone by tit* Vajtateos !as yet. I have been unable to do anything to merit, aad it shall be fee eeastaat effort of my future years to prove myself net unworthy of fee love and confidence ot a geae- rousi peapta.Hamilton waa well tavered by fee etameata. Urn triumphal arches aaa other evergreen deoorationa, its tea thousand hags fluttering in tte sunlight over fee boose tops, its illumination devR-es. its men aad women In holi- day attire, its natural scenery—all wereeeea te tte bes; advantage ID fee bright aad rosy light of yesasroay.F O KgMua over a barge strata af frtaada. both hi the awattaan STIPULATIONS A6rVNST AFRICAN SPEED General Bruce expressed the satisfaction ot the royalttjuy deaeraai a battar tata, aaa BJB aaaah wtii aaat aQWVwonderful, and showed how strong was the interest Tke Priaate Probaoly Buiiunfi oo the taken by the American people ta the he.r apparent to tteaUt«a and ralMtwala Ceaaaal Radier 1 act far 'rem thirty yean af age. UtoWalker, will earn raaah thai eta?. Maaat of the paaawiaieat I wtti aatnaaailBlre to datf.de,and1 by any-ag, aaaeate hjatnaaaary or aaa E: I aaa saraua: ha ariii aaaat hta taaa uke a orave man *fcr oowarisaewaaaaTara part af htaaaaara IRAVaXLSR.AKOTam or wautaa's n i t . i rem aha Saw Orteaaa Delta ,Ocl. Beery, wbn recently died at Traxillo,from mwtmadparty with their reception at tte depot. He said it wasWesternwaavlpw fPrairieswawawaHeTe-Day,WBaawa"*AJiOTBSH ACCOUNT.Daxxora, Sept. 30, I860.PEISCE'S LAST DAT IN CANADA. BLucrttm, C . I . , Sept. 20, 1800.At the ba!" last eveaxg the Prxcc of Wales danced Laaat daaoe ta Canada, aad the whole »di..r remjided metion commanding a full view of the olty and bay. A similar house stand? near which was male ready fcr the siite, while others of the royal and official party were provided for at the Royal Hotel B th of fe.-e resi- dences had brfah given up by prrvate ci'.neuv, now abac duned i..r the use ef the Prtace and suite.just aho&t-an wall deoonueti, the -iamr-ig was ae- poor and the jollity aa great ta one ae the other.After passing under numerous tastefully '.ecorated 23wp«r:ar- frtrm yutgarm FbJls—Brack's Monument and arches, anil being sung to, at one point, by a large platNever baa the Prdtee seemed more maniy or ta betterUs Corner Slcne—A MagiUficau Tine—St. Catherine^ and ike Prince 1 Reception Tht 9—Grimtbg—EcmiUtm— Mmdumatm < Ae Poswince—Dacrrptim. <f the City, <£c. Yesterd ay morning a t ten 0 'cloak fee Prtace aad partytoft Niagara Falls, under a salute from tte Volunteer ar tiltary, sad travelled by special train toform ;ull ci school children, to whom he smiled ant bowed with ha customary cordiaJlvy, pale and tired though he was. Albert Edward, at six o'clock, arrived at h a destination.In fee eveningA GXSKEAi. iixrsrnu'nos IXB A r.Hxasr»'s TOUCEUGWTrao-coniribated to keepbp the excitement, but tb* latter ticgularty poor. At ten o'clock hie Royai Eighneas ar rived at fee Mechanics' Institute, where a grand concert was beiip given byTHX HABOTTO* KITLBABSOSTr POOTS-TTAs the r<1}al party entered the box prepared fbr then. preceded by a liourah of rrinnpets, tae a'.diecce by no u.^ans a, iarg»- on**, roee. and tiie r«erfor!riera, numberiag more than a hundred, .-omnienced stafrmfr the nationalall ta the sat. He whapered soft aothtags to the ladiesas be passed item in the dance, directed the awkwardhow to g • rijtat, and shook h a zager a t trace who mtased•c t was selected as ~>ae of the private* who w«re pro- tte Bg-ir-s. He also promenaded aboni the room, took hung with beantifulh- variegated lamps and decoratedaoi«d ainng the war to a conaiaaton. Ai the oaiaie of Qirpultepec Henry waa OEPcf the irat of tie aurouog auriy to HI sli bat) mawa" nf the eaemy. and, thotyrh Jrvai- fuliy *• t s W , never bellid aaiil be waa wlth*a the ami.ia -! the taaavAlter :ae w a ' waa over. Henry, aa oowntaBiaaed offi- cer beeam-1 involT««l in aome broil Wh.A reaal*«i in n a " ' 1uaauiuii l i e then weet t*> !ftoaragrra, promawaa ia ail the eoaoitaM invariably received woundsaa If the terrible and antatrrraptrtcon- to aaaJajfr hta eoaawatrva ;af anaawe in persona1t of bw own laaajp—'aaa ta arms, and la ene of bis etaeto in Ni^arapsa, Jamer) htm tor lite,r the axyutafrMj of Walker, he -.nTi:>lved ta a brail with one of b a companions, aed was oaiiy waawdad by ban ta a *oel fright :n tfce rrar3:'u»city Motloagafterhebadanother difficultyhis lady .c to sapper, sad, a ihort, waa the lift of the party. *Pealewtag hta example, thcDule of Newcaat-a and tae aaite ieserted their data and walked aboni -matting and g03s1pp-.Bg STary one seemed u. the beat of humor, and, in spite of tfc ; aa ' Jaocag bad masic and bad supper, the ball was •iaenaaH.ad in its enjoyment, -.zcepi by thatQI SBtwinydatant seven miles. There they scaled fee •'Mountain."an elevation three hundred and forty-six feet above fee level of the river, and approached tte lofty monument under which lie fee asbaa of fee brave Gexerai ?;r Lsaar Brock and h a aide de campwith banners sad emblems ascribed wife words of greeting.As th" steamer bearing the royal party made its cir- enitens passage through tte feet, each vessel sent forth * perfect shower of rockets and fireworks. The warehouse-.- fronting the river were splendlrUy dinn mate<1, fireworks were tat c:l from the docks, and tte whole river wss oneNew'o.aulat ..The Aa.<r a n press has done mace, to nuke the plays ever witnessed.Hsoraa,Prince a man for socaty, and it waa not-ceabie ao s. aa he Beared America, little aratocrat:c fanaaiitiej were given np, aad demoera: c politenesa iaatitated. until last ojght the Prace acted Ilka a thorongh demccru, or like some of his ancestors at a ball ai lath, when fan toon the place of forma!--vThe#oyal party landed at the "at of W:x>d"warJ art nee, where, aad in the ad^inlag streets, three thonsaad people were gathered. Aa escort for the royal party, composed of the firemen of fee city, bearing torches;, and most of fee city military, had be^n arranged, bet the crowd was so great tzst it was found impossible for il-e procesBioE to form.the wcjis of Haydn and Beetnoven, srbmb w e r e g^ven w i t h i n d i i l e r e n t s u c c o s e . S o m e o f t h e solos were laiteriag, and fee charts out of harmony. there wae too great a preponaeranc-. of iemale over m a ! voices, and the wind instrument; Trerc much too loud for fee smad room. T ae Prince only lemnmed a short time, anc then drove no-meThis morning, beiore holding fee levee ai fee Royai Hotel, he visited tne Central ttahooi. waer a ki of anxious cliiidren feat had lain awake half the night thinkw:tc a ftat.eaaaa of tana etty, by whom atao he waaKTW'W wov.adad. These are by ao ananas a!! the BOS. -ban '5 wi.cn this mnsw*abie aaaa waa engaged- Tn-r*wentnoaf who had a taasvahva optaton of C3P1. Hgnryis s wac g%-», bias evwiit tar aonte good <?ualitisB. He•as .-sdnnbteatty a aaaa of aatontahtag tertitocle, en- aider him, to New York fee vary nicest -f agreeable yonag Russell House, unrecognized by fee crowd, h a suite 6d- teracM andQaaa c a a . or MOST—On tta evening Moaarf* grand «eera. » Dun awOvaaami,' will be auag for the arst itoe 11 aeaton faMri, Cotaea. SUgeBl. 9aaini and otter iaTcrite art^ta are ta the distribution and a Sae per- braumce may 'he eapeeaed.W-3TBB fcr MrDuring the eTenmg both tte Prince and tae Duke ofN"3LOi G^anaa.—last night Br. r-osreatpUye:a, - uiv third iiaae during has areaentac.it the theatre waa crowded. aa before, to exreea. To My there w.11 he aaoperaiic saaitaee. when ; Ernani" will ^e given, with Oartota, Mastaai aad Aaaodio. urn tamday Mr Fes feet a m again appear n Hamlet'genUtman, to which tte Prince returned fee following feeling reply.—CSSTLBJITJS—I accept, wife mi^ed feelings of pride andpain, thv address which you have presented on t h a spot—pride in fee gallant deeds of my countrymen. bat painf,-om fee reflection feat o many of fee noble band youonse belonged to have paased away from fee scenes of thebravery of their youth and of fee peaceful avooatKmfl oftheir fiper years. I have willingly consented to layfee first »toae of this monument. Every aatkm mayw ithotti oflenee to ite neuthbors. commemorate its heroes'acts fee'* deeda of arms, their noble deaths. This is notaunting boast 01 virtaey no renewal of long past an-. of pigs and ploughs, oxen, sheep and horses, he lunchedtwo of his suite. He was alao accompanied by Mr. or mosiitfs. but a noble tribute to a sndier s fame—fee with fee chief men oi the city at fee hotel, and soon afterIn showng which of these faraaaiitias were latasiefal to the people, the press has bean naefal, and the re- porters inter, d needing the r protege, as they begin to conAfter some delay aad the greatest confusion, the Prinw was taken away to a close carriage aad dr.-sen u. lasingaoont b-m were asaemoeu at their desks. .evee he visitedAfter theof Natchez, whom they met at Niagara Falls, and with whom the Price wished to dance..His Royal Highneat looks as if he might have a very soscepubte nature, and ha* already v .elded to severaltwinges ta fee region of his mtdrifi.Sanderson, the Prince's steward, tooK ieave of h:rnmorrow , when they leave tar Chicago by fee M.chigaa Central Railroad, m a special train. Agtrfeeuscar idr the Prince's aae has been prondea by Mr Rice, the Su perinlendent.Demon, Sept. 21, 18fl0. Tram an early hour this morning fee streets tn fee vihas an octagon ground plan snrmoucui by a cross, its total height being a nunared leet. All tne windows have stmi circular heads, a&d are fitted with ground glass. The exterior is painted in a light stone coloryesterday, and returns to New York this evening Oabidding h.m goedby he handed him a magnificent goMwatch and chain, saying, "This is a token of my thanksfor your care and attention, for which I ant much indent Just before teri o'jloek he made his appearance witijIt a an industrial and agricultural exhibition, with fee addition cf a cattle show, for eatable and urickabie an, mala of nearly all descriptions have been installed in aad art und i; ia large numbers. The upper story a for fine arts, I am told, but this is at present a blanked I am sorry you cannot accompany us ail the way " Dr. Kerwin, Master of the Horse received a atauiur watch aad chain with fee i'rmce s thanks, aad fee jolly Doctor says with an -.agitation atao to call and see him in IiMtdon1 i-i ti drove to inaugurateTUB W.4TSB WORKS.The rata poured away, as usual whenever the Prince doesfollowed by the inevitable crjwd at every step, feeparty proceeded to the depot. and took their departs refcr Chicago, amid the iirta» of a sa'tite sad otter demon paired after replying to fee address. Near it an ooeiaa subjects, ''it may be fcr years, or it may be forever ' afl supposed feat it would subside bj tea o c.oes A. ••chaan from pamUre tailors by hta caaaaalanitag,hnt wear- or fee eptntan ttat it will act had a permanent place anything important.ia u*s r-prrtaare. The pervbrananee waa fcr the benefit of THE BAJtON SESFBEW IN THE UNITED strai ions. Mrs. ilaraey WiBtaaaa, wao played two of bar <eat rota*. STATES.that there would be any damage dose by tbe storm, andA Board ofWar Department,li... nat , targan there moaame The Board _ atao directed toTirgmia, since fee the fifteen inch aad of wltaeaanag tte iring of theA silver trowel waa banded to the Prince, witn wtusnhe spread fee^mortar under the stone, ana then the in name, and aa such will meet wife a reception from ttethese -ho came from fee lower part of the eaty, Government street.•at &oi the afflnaaai af fee pi asaat armament taraafenee would be tanrawed by tte addition of a jadtetawa ivaortion of sawa of thai abwa.Lieutenant J. Besbaw, Vaatt tatantry, Wdetailed for day at the Mtlttary awawaaasf. aad will reporttanned:- aie;y to uietaaartateadeaiat that post.Lieutenant A E Webb, Second artillery, will here Heved from Pirtter anrvtae at tte Xattaary Academy, aad «.rect«M ;. rfpawt tbr srdsrs to tte General m-OustSurgeoo Jaaiea Sfmeaa, Medical rtaanrttaeat. is assign ee to daty at Fort atontarte. Snath Ghrottaa, aad w E . ra- pert in peraoa at thai station aooardtagtystone wa£ lowered libera coffin to its grave, and feiseaded the ceremoDypeople of the United States worthy of fee soo of QueenVictoria, of the future King of England. He is of ear raceand language aad we of ha. Eagtand s prosperity is ourprosperity, for we are linked with her te wmmeree moreintimately than any other nation on earth We are tonsbound by fee ties of natural affinity aan interest May, ni-.re terrific face, aad irtew fee mailneaerl wa<era op tha therefore, fee tie of our friendship never be weaiteaed andJhsBBOtrr.Sept. 20, 186V The special train ran through to Windsor, opposite De- ,by order of tte troit, m atz hoars. But few incidents occurred on therente, the train making but two stoppagesAi Newberry an Orange iag was dapiayed, but Con-ductor Patching leaned over the side of the car and tore it down, petting it in care cf one of fees reporteri as a trophy.at every station along the root* the people turnel out cheered fee Prince loudly. At Chatham the train ave minutes, thai the Priace might see the hea.'.-qaarters of fee free negroes there.Chatham a a sad looking town of abbot three thonsaadtahabaaais, who all tarned out to see his Royal highness A Itae of firemen, with torches, was tamed, and8AEON i m T E E W rN CHICAGO. Cucjkeo, Seyd,. Sl.iiC'jThe royal party lefiayj-iroit ai tea o'clock U a mora=ag, y special tram, on fee Michigan Central Railroad forQueago. TheHBKU,» reporters were ailov.ed to accom.pany fee parlp, by ptrmiae.jn oi' i>en. Bruce an,, feekindness doperiatendent Ri'-e. The tram constatetl offirst, the Prince's car. very oanoaomety fttied up. andfee ro| al party said feat feey had no aach comi'ort on anyrailroad before, next came the servants' car: next aspecial car far the Marians it Chaaiia and fa..dy whoaecomptay the Prince, and wikas aame, wife feat of Dr.Ocklaad. was omitted ta the iist of the Prince a suite yes-terday The London Times and toe New YorklVfotov reporters intruded feamaelv as ua the train without vermis fcstive aspect tc fee sosn ai fee water side. The Corpo- sicn. and were ordered ofl bat the London Ttat-' re-porter was allowed to rraiain, by order of Gen. Bruce,The reaigaaAMn af LtaBaawaat C D Bandren. Third ta-tantry . aae a««a acoispssd by the President of tte United sxonad. Ctae could smell the town tar miles Oneheld an inquest yesterday** pier M East river, upon fee street to prepare against ihe destructive storm. We were soon alter inforaard that the steamboats Johni u i » . to take effect Jane 30. 1M0.Briggs and Waveriey had got loose from feeir moorissm oa the otaer side of fee river and had drifted ou totein height, had dm* hair, sandy whiskers, and^from ha aboie. They are BOW lyiag ia fee naarab, juat aoufe of One Mite crecta, stuck hard aad taat in the mod. Theprair*'!toDarhyhttasaatii->c,where the resS-den-^eofBfr. K*nta» has been rrrpar*! fcr tnem They w!3 i?nr? the pra*r1e as fall of hosiers as of sraaa. From Mr. Mo-gau a they pre-eed sent day to- Sa. Ixmis, by the A;t—» and St.rush, but BritatConsul Vilkins,or^illikens,whohas jeen js a state o' profase perapira oa tor a amnio, and who imsginea the Prince cane ^c purt^^se to see him,mace a p-oaHneai feature in the recapt^a.Io-night fee Prince has a came to see fee Widev b'oh I bSTC now traversed from east to west, a&d 1 can say with truth that it a not fee least fervent in ite declaratioss ef attachment to the Queen, nor law least earnest ia taaapiraboaa tor the BBBwaaB aad riaiHiniaea 01 my fupare life and in its prayera feat my career saay be one cf useintaesB to others and of honor to myself. You cannot dunbt tte readiness wife whtah I undertook tte duty which waa en: rated to me by the Queen of vwittm*In -<•:•..-' satioc .aai atght wife «ea. Braes, ne e i1 prerredrisawnandthe°rrace'sstttatactinaw'tht--Awakes, who t-irn oni tsfboncr rf w i - m o r Banks, their captainhavingnoaatttBTiiyu orderfeemoutforfeu.nbernameandoaherbehalfthesepoemsalonsefherit only remains for aae to report to your so still rising The wtad, at present, a more soufeer"./, baiverruga universal enthusiasm, unanimous loyalty, shiftirig.all pervading patriotism, geaeral contentment, aad Aboo.illr»*c"TktheeasterEgableoftteguard nctiasbiragtaePretidecttatalatnkmIB1M3,aadla1164b« irrivalofHwBaruiRenfrewonaaeriwa.!:reports,ssd-w'.Vxfteirsro.sralar.'ira;-. Prince.Alargeprocevstaa,-reset;tingamagu:)jsetan crown.Thaitaska newnearlyaoaapieted,aad foutcfimvpninstreet,areunderw&tgr.andtbrwaterthe aoavaai on of tact, party for the oSc* of .ffofaaaJaaqoiBoooaty, »«t waadefeatedby:»w which efeetfd their whole tK«et laUti ae diTMawd at hat property aad left Cal!fonsta to aaataaaeralWalkertaHtaaragaa.aadhasuptothfatime hwmwithMamhiallWaearpediUona. It-vaaCoione! aadter B greaaeat taalt in bartag Iwen by aome icac a«aa.ia£:e aaaaa* aawawawhal with Walker aad h!a deetiny. aaaotgn taoaa who are well aewwanrted with Coloaal Sud hr w it readily adamit thai ha waa ta every reapeet the •HBtner af Walbwr, la petal of eoaad iodpant lad l a •aiJOB. aad had ha have been the ieader of the party in *waragoa a tar diflareat reauH would have b « u rea' aed Uaaari RatUtr *jaa a traa aaa brare saidMr, geniieaaaoiy aaU ha Lnlaroniraa with Ma ffaHowmaa, atM aad quietAurrican Sell.Their eaterprrae, he said, ^ns aaparalleled. DwrBorr,Sept 21.1S«0rwrrsnoe, is T'asstag fenhgc fee •treats.The rtid fashioned residence of General Case was pointed C H I C A O O . ent to tb» Baron, who oaaldaot conoaai ha surprise ttat m high an efictal should live so plainly. Bain tail freely•tTrtD? the morningTHE PM5CE IN PENNSYLVANIA.British throve.fee Governor of fee - u t e Thence be will proceed to Baltimore and Washington, and on his return pass through this city, and, after a stay of a day or two, go on to New York. By this arrangement fee chief otlicer of oar Jom monweaRh will have aa opportunity of welcoming theteriata. IT cae a population of about twenty eight thon seed, and publishes twn dally newrpspers.THE PSC"-RS«!0?rmoved forward ta the midst of a Cense mnltitadei the progiers was feus impeded, and there was much of taatdisc:der always inseparable from a country mob. Th.The Prince of Watas reached Windsor ai eight o'clock few evening by a special train from Batoiltoo. After the presentation of liiliiwaoa by the Mayor and citizens the royal party were escorted on beard fee Detroit and Mil- waukee ferry steamer Windsor, which bad been gor- geously decorated tor the occasion. On board the steamer were the Governor of Michigan, tte Mayor aad Council men, and about fifty prominent citizens of Detroit, who were presented to his Highness.When tae steamer bad reached fee American waters, Mayor Buhl, in behalf of tte city of Detroit, welcomed Baron Renfrew to the .fcited staida. Arranged in the river, and covertag a space of nearly a mile in length, waa a large fleet of river and take Teasels, their riggings beingline of route extended for about a mile and a half through 9cmity of fee Russell House hare been densely packed wife people,, all anxious to catch a glimpse af fee Bar a when he should appear to take his depart ire for fee cars.Cm his Royal Highness return from fee contemplationnegroes n all stages of dirt and ditaptdattei. throngedantiquated darkey o*red the Prince a five cent ptece, aad fee Tribune, man throw himaelf upon fee charity at atan.td coppers ta return as mementoes. The general sqnaiar and sieach made fee Prince gtai to leave, and tram harried on to Wtadsor, which was brilliantlythe Marquis de Chaa-ios who would not annoy his ladies by having him expelled. This cowentaaapx' wtil probably debar the New York press from maay taeuities iartag the rest of tne tour, as such intrusion as that of fee Tri- tarne uprtstntatlTe a as had as eoteriog tato a gentk man's prirate cjxrtage. r.spreaeataAifes of other ;oar- nals wh' were eut invited acted Itae gentlemen.and came cm ta fee reguiar trataThe train carry ag the Prtsce sad suite JOJV atao»«ed for weed aad water. At every station people turned eat ta crowds, cheeriag, caiisag "Tetah bun out," ottatt-After this fee steanaar ploughed her way into the wide but tranquil lake, pasting the American fort at the mouth of fee river oa her eray. It was soon djeaoverea feat some of fee servants had been left behind, aad tar these fee beat returned. Than she sped for ward agaji, and be - fore her arrival at Pswt Dataoume, fee terminus of fee. Jtaw.iw«ia9iaBaW9f fee fcorkfaoase dress appeared to have been an mm.. . •• «_. «.H TH* torv rendered a verdict ofto Potter s Fieht for interment Mwaofclp* Cttjr MewsTruja or At*!*** Fins fc.vunre.-At lour o elect last eve- ntns a^ steam «re eagtee from the Amoeheag Mnnaiac ur-ng CSSST/ of Manchester, K H., was exhibited m front of the City Ball, aad its power was tried in throw,Waverieytaatberctunneys aadpilothouse.wifeapan of bar cabin. We dm ant itmru if there wasasv other Uama^t oaee to her. er tbe amount of lamag* dosae wine Briggs, though It a supposed feat there aauat Bare swaa considerable daauage den * to both.Messrs. tacAcams a Keyand inform us feat u»ey s«st aboulJMslP worfe of saw logs < » e reeeived i n s * • formil b o u t twelve o'clock.) The aterm saae s.»il provawaaVwcd tbe mater bemg m muob togtaaMiisim- poatabtetotell what baa been oeac ea the ether saae 01tte river. , .. » During fee gaa fee aaae warehaaaa af laesare rowe- roy k Marshall, aituaaea aa Cammaroe street. cor»«r or iJmcfitai. took are and waaaeatroyeU, sapaaaer w.tata*cotton wareboaae of Messrs. wawawssa a Jcsaea, *«-<>'*-»««• The k-as of fee former, a e tear*, a prat down at stab <sto;that uf fee tetter baa not yet oeac aauertaaeeawenplayag. IhePriacetabaggagewassaowntosome r.ca.the taitiata H. R. H. tataJ*.lummy will ba outdone, carwiada stare peavaiUag off fee ceaat- "Frtday atgbt.sbort ly before lea o clack a ram aeasai anari which gradual'y atereaaadduriaatheaight. fbeaad,whichat«r*twaa•aad at the taaarder which appeared to ret/a, aad wtria pottat isstrutaeat, alf1 order to send tar neln call it, was soon raactr I after tha. and here, for tha stae a!p xcidental to sa American erred. "IsafewswawataBBBjaaw-e»er,t~ega<»tawewsacJbj.sdto t i e earrtasaa, BBBSBS through the throeg witha^; «i. ,j- -city, aad raaell»dltaaael!*t!!flte5, where aptawtf-S 7«aj». tarsareprovided.To night the wtaate city a litaaiaaied. Renfrew'.savesToaornwatteco^-c*ia!f anywaataaes.aad,at theDukeof*<ewcastto*sorder,the «r*»d waa not great. A i NHea nine hearty cheers ware S'.Ttn, &xut a bouijuet waahaoded to fee Prince, who teaaedof the r' -«» tte nsnuiisiawis ware asiBaaliiigli Baary, The BaaailtrOB Ptatd Battery fixed a salute, the does bark ee,aadthereareunion.natelyplentyofsuchtafeeAm bilious City; tte people hurrahed frees tte htUs and fee level grooad, beya aaampered and jesttad oat wo- men while a tte act ef shaking their pocketaeoldeatcaaawrea.Everypiass awsafromto*aarwindowtorace•v»n,aadbowedhtathanks. haadkerchieta in the air for tte gratification of— 1 mrtaavi-tavern! miles from Ch.cggo we rnseed fee regular tratowh.chloft.itraitthreehoorataadeance.Mashgrumbjisgwetfaoeedbythtawetay,andttefeeiicgranhigh feehalfbrokenhorsesolttevotanwercavalryeutsadtheatrical soldiers, the Canadian Order of Odd Felloes heari of fee city. At fee depot, an latmenau were certainly tn» to their order, aad fee Mayor wouldcrowd was gathered; aaaaa the train entered several U- !timisat«dba&dtagswer«passed. BaronRenfrewpassedpersist in expostag hta bare bead to fee sun The plat formatihestationoverdosredwithaerowdofbetaaeass, Intent open aqueez-ag each other.aah«staredthaifasterspeedwouldbedia^ennaThe arrangements haTe been made oa all the Amen'sn read*by*rBechHteywtiet*ieen"seoerier,mi are ttat a special train cf two cave ta ta be preT:iec\ and it ftcratecf ^v? eente "perinlJa fbrracn wirans- C?ase- ^Tjeatfy so'iotaidt ra zrv aniwei* en fita *Vi2r«-*»trxf".and the Tr-pTteri are in dismay. T w**!j yor, carta tare to the K-.tamund Boese, near by, around wtaofa a To tha a reply having more than ordinary significance •KIBreturned, It being the last of fee k • i he srill make;:.ana:xeofpeu&te,whowarekeptfromhtmbybowtag, with hat off, ambtreoeated abeere. aa bearushwasmade,andta|s/teofeveryeffortofthepo-licemen fee crowd surged .a lice fee sea. Baron Renfrew-vaa hurried to h a carnage soon aa possible, tte suite by taj lag 'Come eut of fee sun." to induce that worthy being pretty well „jailed by fee crowd, and driven to study his health mare.^sarnaaxa—This a the hat of the very numerom addresses which have flowed ta upon me from The Mayor sad fee Cotamoc Cwmcfl n-ere lost m tte the municipal author ties, aa well ae other bodies tbrougbout the Queen's dominions ta North America,order, waitiag to see ioafrtaccs shadow even.the riile 'eact'ee of his Biafeer, will be very little) be t veen Rankaka and Disight s station. He will stay over Sunday at the prrvate reatdeaoe of Mr. Vorgan, and pro ceed on Monday to ?t. lands. He will go from that city on Tuesday via fee OhiOMtad Mississippi Railroad to Cta- etanatl, and thence, by Bait more aad Oh.o Railroad, to Washington, where his stay will probably be pro.etsged.The elty, which was ao taeorporatei to i847. ia built en We learn thai fee; Prince of Watas has determined to a gfntte singe, backed, like Montreal, by a hill called the -'Mountain." ea fee southwestern shore of ttaBftaaaaa crcFf the allejhanlea by the Peanaylvania Central Bail bay. an teiet of Lake Ontario Its streets erase eachread, aad acecrdtag'y bawi'l leave Pittsburg on the 2d other at right angles, aad it can boast of many substan-of October for Barrisbars;, where he will be received by tial •tone aad brick building*, aad. what ia Better, taw wooden ones, fee houses being cbieily of the former maThe arrival w a s signaledact hoisting fee Prince of Wales' standard on the nag- Lis Roys; Highness arrival, and the renaeindcr or staff at fee foot of fee mociment. A company of the the programme mciudea suiectioos only fromoy feeCanadian Ri..es acted a # a g-aard of honor, and nearly a thousand people weresasembled in fee victaity of the platfjrm. b-uiit at one 3_B>)p* the column.>avarta a s aaaaTh::: monument has O§1T oeen erected three years, andthen by iubscriptiau, ihe original one having been blown up wife gurpewuer placed there by some malicious bandThe object of this vtait was to inaugurate fee monu-THB SXHTBrnOai BCTLI.ESGment and receive an address from the Veterans of 1812, The latter is situated on an eievausn at fee -arestern iowiag ta carriages, escorted by the firearm with one hundred and fiftyWf whom were now preterit, in- end of fee city, where fee view is as fine and extended aa from fee so-called Mountain It is built cbiefly of wood and glass, onaatone foundation, and ha a saperhcial areatorches. cluding Sir .Ulan MoNah aad Sir John Robinson, fee oldest Newcastle nq .red tar a pretty American lady. Miss B , The royal party will remain here uani -en o'oiu. -. to- of tne survivors. The address was read by the lattermore honorable becaflbe we readily acknowledge u •bravery and chivalry ef feat people by whose hands hetell. I trv.--t ttau Canasta will never want such volunteer?%• those who Sought ia fee iast war, nor her volunteersbe without such leaders; but ao teas aad moat ferventlycent white horses, aad jeec prov«ied for tee interesting i pray feat your sons aad your daughters may never be cat man sitting en another's knee. Away they went,A magn.iicent open barouche, arawn by Toar magnifiMajor Bernard, of the Canadian force, received a splen- occasion. The whole party seated thanMelves :s the called upon i> add other laurels to those which you havebelter skelter, through the cheering crowd to fee railway wharf, where fee party embarked on fee steamer Peer less, and proceeded to the -beach' upposito ihe "filtering basin,' where a transhipment to arothc steamer won place, from which they landed at a jetty thrown out for ice occasionThere the Prince was received by the rlheriff of fee county, who conducted him to fee engine heuae grounds, where fee watermen—or rather. Water Camaaaasioaers— fee Mayor and other kcal dignitaries, were aaasnabieu. These, at fee hand and mouth of the Chairman of the Board, presented an address, to which a brief reply wasdid set of shirt finds, and others were presented with tokens of the Prince's regard.barouche, when uie immense crowd gathered amand and blocked up the avenues so ttiokiy as to make it next to impossible to proceed. Cheer after chesr was given for fee Baron, and tte wildest enthusiasm prevailed.The carriage was followed by immense crowds on loot, many banging to the wheels, while fee streets and side- walks on fee route were literally blocked with people who intercepted fee royat party ai every turn. Such a rabble and scene of confusion were never witnessed here belore.81ao gallantly won.From this lofty pointa XAuXirxEJT VII*was afforded of the gorge of fee Niagara, and beyond offorest and field, mountain and town, backed, far as fee eyecould carry, by a wide sweep of the olue Ontario, whilebeneath and at the hack of the village of Queeston,which has a population of five hundred, stood under thefiring of aroyal salutepart of H- ydn a oratorio oi fee •.•-east us ' had precededhad been built, and tne top stone only required to be fierctlorward, till his arrival in tingland antees he calls at Bermuda oa the way home, fee oeliea ot the UnitedOOBtrarv to fee expectations of the "old sail* i « l ^ maay iudges of fe» weather the wind began to Blow -bwfurtjr frean the east, wtocn w," kept op " ^ J . ^ abcutfetotimeinfeeday aformatwo «^Ta o "T ~^ all fee wharves above St. Micha*. atreet were maadated. and that fee water was stD' rtomg. feus placing fee cot: ton and ofe--.- vahs-UMes en tae whams in a aaaar— eonditnen. The same cry was aborUy after heardTht: memhaau- oa 1rant. Commerce and Water and tea cross streets tooa immediate slept to preserve their jroods s . bv placing feem above aigh water aaars- At eleven u clock a M. the storm began to put ua a at.il.owereu into place. This stone was inscribed wife letters which told the melancholy history of fee maa. HeStatus will be hta wiling partners. Happy man, wife a prospect so delicious all his own.My next letter, detailing the formal opening of fee ex- hibition show grounds, whtah to to take ptace ta the sccniint'. and other events by the way. will be dated from Detroit. The Prince of Wales will then be Baron Renfrewdied on the 4 R b of October repel ihe invading enemy1812, whileadvancingtoHIE Royal Highness and suite immediately after this proceeded in row boats to the steamer Zimmerman, and, embarkau- sailed JOWB fee river tomay we do honor to England ta the pwson of fee eldest ton of England's beloved sovereign.Coroner 'a ataqutea*.A* Unraowa Mas FOUNDBaowyxn -Coroner **'"•*'river, dainmg- arm wooa. noauasr wrecks aad other ta»- bers afe-aaiu. the boats lying in pert and tbe waarves thoo-rb not doing any perc<ptiote damage. By feus time all were secured on th'" side of the riverThe water was BOW rtamg at the ra>e of one foot aa hour, and for nve minutes rose ferae aches In* n- crease of water caused feces who had gooas aouve (Waterration aad magistrates here presented addresses, to whichbrief replies were read in fee pavilion buiit for the x c a was:tound drowned. f*ce»ed was Sve feet eight .ncto*Welta*'. canal, lunch was served *»n boarl mile carriage drive (rasa fee latter place toThe threeer oATHXKrsaswas very pieaaaui, owing to the absence of dost, therural quiet of fee road and fee beaut til sunny weather The Prtace waa then eocdacted under a handsomeins water en the building The engine was on its way to tag apon the cars and fcacas to took at at the wiadows, pavilion, when a ftarporetlon addressfaes read by Troy, where it to to be located. It gets up swam veryand aaaktag every eflert to eaaab aajht af bis Royal High- oess: bat Baron Renfrew would not atom himself, in spite of every effort. Ike peapta said feat he aught aavecourteous enough to come out oa tte platform when thaw had taken so much trouble tar him. Johncue of the ftk taatn, said be sever saw so mac curiosity ta hta lift. Bat John is a vulgar curiosity him- self, aad wall deserves mention fcr hta carvei sad genera; ealfisb deportawaaa. It a faa to see these gentlemen sact;ee the drfereace paid feem. Beef ssat boar are ta great dessaad. aad Taatab like aaow to a thaw whothe Mayor aad repugd to in fee usual manner Us. Oa- thertaes presented a very pretty appearance, both ar cuiweturally aad tatta dtaptavof volunteer troops and numerous lecoratioaa Oae of the arches waa aataue aad batter tooting than aught be supposed, whan I say it was built smtreiy af Hour barrelsuuii-fe, bat m regard to throwing a stream o water tt a to no respect to be compared with some ot fee enginesadaresa waa bare w — t e a , after whtah tte tram moved oa, faUowed by the rajetenaa aheateef afeoaaaad.BABBUJPaor "The Aabttioaa Ctty," aa its inhabitants delight toeast,aad at at i t ass wawrtte (tssetee e'etaat) it haw beau blowing funoasts aiaca aa carry bcur «" fee m-^ra- tag, the ram caatiauiug wife men am 1 stistgth The water baa naea beyond the corner of itaaphtaaud ***»*All tte wharves except that u fee foot of Daophn ti.veteyes thai did not s-e-. tte stasaaa Cataatto BBbataf sad inclergywalkedawayinhighdudgeonbecauseaspar- itautarpositionwasassignedtothem ta tte proosasioa.Inthecentreoffeeplatform waserectedadata,sur mounted b y a canopy, to whtah hta Royal Hignneas steppedonaitghitagtest*theear. HeretheMay^r,with bis brad ta the sun, read an address to fee Prince, who, wife more wisdom, kept his in the shade, and endeavored,Prince to Pennsylvania.to see tte finest scenery ta tte United States, aad to in- Royal Highness on the "Mountain'' Thu is a pleasantspect our Centra] road, oae of fee grandest athievements mansicn, standing in its own grounds, and from ita eleva v.orks gene. She will probably be kjtien off wife outHis Royal Highness will be ablefee principal streets to the residence prepared f-jr hi.anthem, ail preseni tai".Bjr part in th<- ctwrus. The firstThere are several detached wooden premises attacned te it, con: sting of stables, cattle feeds and hay bousessolemn cliffs a solitary tree. There tell Brock ta fee arms given. His Koyai Highness then started fee eajrines. and aspect. The wtad and rem gradually increased until thenewspaper has limits. just carried Albert Edward to the bad. in tne roar oi the AngioAmerican Hotel, where he a To this tree—a venerate thorn—bis Royal Higness re to dance tor tte bat time among ha mother'srate.But little rears were entertained at seven 0 dec* A- at.body of an unknown man, about forty years of age whoiaiMiliar*1m this eeighbornoou.p-BSB Fmsnms AaaaatB-D.~Thoa. Bockley, fee "Limer .cfc Boy," »»ys the Pmsburg yummol of fee aOfeiaat.. la acard published on Tuesday, ebaUei-Keu Juoas i >x u> nght hsm in toe prize ring, aad on Wednesday Fax ae- cet'ted the challenge as ofiered, and stated thai fee maaL H. BCtaTf.SO TBt BDrTOB Of TBB mUTUIXSt OBtbertaea a nlassaatty sitaated en an open ptateauabove the valley, thewogh wtooh wmds fee WeMaad ceaal,sad the tana in ite vtahtity is so ftrUta md well eultrvatedas to have earned for fteeff tte tern, "Garden of OaaaaaWest.' Be roedictest waters are bew m aeese eateem, and money were ready. But on tte moraiw after the R. B Dtxcy, pawMshed ta tte Btavais af ttta saerning,Untitled DocumentKsw Yosat, Sept. XI, 1S6U Su.—in your account of tb»- late gate aad teas of thaabipbaa aever been a partner to ear bessa.Tease, trufv.AGkA www.fultonhistory.com 