^^•^^^g^jS^mmi^www.fultonhistory.com-from ths' intmsion,'" '-«taace in the valley, but the rou^b walls wereal- givenobody about the death ofsome"for thereligionby•with suited the mood of ita owner.or withaswith much heat he asked promise from you ?"to- gether with a lamp and his painting materials. Old Jerry assisted Arden to arrange them, but no inducement could be offered liim to remain after a terrible attraction to him. He trod slowly tlie sun had sunk over the western hills. The seemed to the beg-withWith wrapt vision the eye of Arden roved over th*quiet valley, and lollowea the graceml ondnlattstis crfT the risirg mist ai It slowly swept upwards Crdm lbs hilleldes like clouds of incense to the god of The.peri'Xlearthlyken every precaution againstfm notified—a&BcifhboT iDi:;e—with aatimnlatedto a« ear.Bren if the krtlsthad waw«dto followwhieli eai yoaoae ofamPiBfcwtnn. Tkattlila—UwTernofYalentioe—iBpndalSeMion. •.Iherefere, to report.:hapHaasi tsMrTIitnod^lwMi.j xHmimBjskilUnl.tMd ^aecamplishndfUke his looka mncE but the^y w.a,s- mightilytasenand Imay saythataccordingly;Ifhiogghcome to himhiding-place of the papers he was so anxious to re- herself in his path to say, and judge for himself ofcover." its worth. He quietly replied :' " And were his hopes gratified ?'' asked Arden, " I appreciate your kindness, good woman, in No dreams visited his pillow, but, afier the weaiy.on. tUa oecadMV jEd rile myT>ecl»r»tlon.iogton,!»BBAM»ehment,foryon,too; »»«)aMidm*roBioiie;thankJohnWithersforwithus,and madetoinhabitit,sincethedeadlyaffrayofthe AfewoftheUtter,mildewedand iogagladgisaaIforirt U be « HOf CMJrp'seowBagh^JS'Ioifca behjnd ;9k>aitej«rKS0ba Boddy, ^no, flDMc to Atran tha ndnd, «luta)d|D<uid9AbtheBody.give upidea, Mr. giveintodustthe naturall^'ibrMth a fonalilu yonn might throw I eMlM Mntf« CapiM—no—with it ?" woman, "but I really don't think that Mr. Withers "Ob, she knowcd nothing about it. The old man has ever brought a pestilence here, young man,into execution. He said"::by giving ifim\~,Wmiiuiu M'bMe •& Action •fMi«M>to11«n of yourTOoth,steps stirring fancies,more\B>dtnm*^ta«y demurely _]^n"re SotVa Infant, surely^e tome Ctae la everything"How verdant delightfully:must be!" He related to me coBceming the rather stim- secure he" Uie I have made~*QrtfMdsment t>yGooiiBuion {OMmingjyour suppershall write nomore, as I expect you as aooi as^ " HABEY ABDKS."; •Mtheart1elove'sowntiaeue;every d«y,tobewhisperedthatheknewmoreaboutitthan trees,withsuchotherfoodasisalreadyprepared?placed herself there 'er. I have not yetseen the'yoong lady, battW&-DilatoryPle«;5Br;iiijc*y*ra've i««lly no Defemce, Vhy mt, thia prewot B««iaa.OariMMttl abaiTd pratoDce,aayoneelse."" Did any one act on those suspicions ? "" Just aa aome -of the folks had made up theirAslongss 8 gleamoflight remainsI wishto ifghostsandgoblinsactuallybesetit,"saidWith- tosuryeyherwithasortofwonderatherextreme architectofhisownfortune,ao*it seemsstrann "IJen't plead*, lyjt'a have the Geneiml lB*nie.watch the shadows deepening over the hill-sides ers, with much earnestness. Are you aware of homehness. She was wrinkled, toothless, ajd al- to me that a practiced man of the world eknUL80 diaU^OQ (m my lawful wifa ;JlU^-TODt faithful lovei^BeTMbtofyooTheaitfaT Lift t-^TMFbo Bemainder over I'THS IiOST DBSDS. a1K)ld-fjlshioned lovb story.and over her gray locks a strip of crimson merino^really templed and owls."towith the batsmistake.;rAnd length questionsalwaysroof? schemetbOD|dit anyeye,savehisown,wouldrestupontheCHAPTER —she was at school near be whento old Hiss Biggins, saying may your occupation youare at homethanin this madI. ••*B»oij)mtjnt .1FiAitrtn.? and he re-any yours,oneandthis the rivulet moved on smoothly and ^ietiy. Half a mile below the iall, scattered «l<Hig the banlu of the stream, lay the village ; "' above it, waa tlie spot which most attracted, the -aitiaticeyeofthestranger. ThiswasaNorman- ''^Vrencn cottage, built of the stone found in abun-frame to be the mind be- began sufficiently rested,tke footwith a grave face.trying to save me from the consequences of a rashBoet hidden by through years of neglectovergrownivyaccused of one else."Ardenand don't see no sense in two old uglyhave died there. When I heard of what to God alone is known the cotuse of and events,and his hand in a wavingabovebisbrow. Asensationofcoolnessappeared' to follow these motions, and a species of aiamjilanguor stole over his senses. His body seemed to•Wwliicb terminated abruptly at the foot of the over-groundstretchedawayspace,ble at mid-day, I took a man with me and went tomy way now to the village to make my final ar--Vf which wealth and taste had evidently once resided. Fruit trees, grass and llowen .grew around thereadyA so You look like a sensible kind of man thingyou enough,'when first conscious of being freed from the doc- of mortality. Then he seemed to soar upward, and look down into the desolate room, transmrmed into a temple of taste and elegance. The walls weracovered with medal- gilded scroll-work, inclosingluin in wanton profusionand the tottering porti-"I am really sorry that I caimot acconunodateWas no clue to the perpetrator found?"I would like to know what has put it in your head to risk your life in that old tumble down placesoul vrith a sense of beauty which asked to be perpetuated. He took from his pocket pencil and paper, and made a rapid and ntasterly sketch, to be enlarged and colored when the means werereader,tage, if you wish lo take away from this valley the strongly-marked glowpainter's;;at his command. Suddenlyavoicespokeimmediatelyabovehimlegend of the old place, the young artist walked holes of his vest, as he drew near with a strut and self;why they entered it."powerful frame,era from that worn by the elder ooecoarier texture and more slovenly make, and lib»' daikhairwascutshorttohishe>^d.Afier a few moments, he slowly raised his hand until It was fixed above the shoulder of the absobed'and,withastrongnasalaccent,said"lodgingnight.you msy impose by pre- tence of second sight. I give no heed to warningsandA few acresbeingbringing;probablybe had ventured to do, and that he was still invisi-—Prsy arise, and let me pass I am onSure, an' you be mailing a piclur of the housetall, staling mansion,inRun, youngster ?"The artist looked around, and saw perched upona fragment of a rock, sufficiently elevated to ena- ble hun to overlook his work, an old man, who seemed reduced to the last stages of poverty. Histheby Bloody'patched clotliing,preaaion, at once proclaimed him one of the un-!in this nook quiet!Howcan you im-—fortunates of earth a human being fallen into theand liowers. A wide commongrass slopedentrance of ain the and at stranger quiet village,the haunted house,alive, or you willcling to you till the last hour of your life !will ssk me how I know thus. mockinglythe two proclaimed him to be, lying stunned and* with bruised upon the floor.ilreuiness of old age, without fortune or friends." From its very seclusion designing men mayArden dimly saw two other figures flitting around"You are correct," replied theshould like to know why so beautiful a spot is giventiptodecayanddesolation?"likely suspected.all events, I have made up my mind to try the" I am curious to hear the storyonce, and the history of the house shall win youin pass.Hepauseda moment beforedoing so,your supper,welcomed him most as much for the hospitably,only Issusd.from.. fancy ol mine. Who sent you to waylay me thus, the door of the room with an expiessioo of mallgsaatsoughtby no mortal's command did I come. I have been sent here by a lilgher power than aught• 2^-}rblouse belted to his waist showed beneath it aday.air with their melody, aad lbs undertone of the falling water tormad a M an- on which the arUat1 iedge cottage was boikof serviceable pantsthrough it,the malice of the house- deep-jManythanks foryourpaper, to which the most popular writerSta^^om- t^ eontribu.e, arid which is for sale at all tha^ Mm*old man.":cf Oleniall. He erected the cottage after aoppoitunhyplan endeavored to set forth. Fresh from the heat and when I seen him coming over here. He aint much ened his purpose to solve the mystery of the folly if you persist in going to the cottage3*5? vi*^ u°® '^'Pi^g•LS? ¥SF •»hurl hisandslouched hat of fine straw shaded his hair,cheerfullightof thatluminary' y*;they magrappled deadly embrace, and forwasa eveninhis most the ones."'There grew and knottynesr theedgegnarledgerwere glitteringof the heavens,WfjkgoaaBastrength, dashed of thesurrounding"your door, and the only accessible window ovaitaai»:the ^ther, MdWemonlTn^^'K-inourc^umns.ceDtinuaice of itfoSd enly In the New-Vork Ledger the mat ftmityfled against him!*°'* ^^ ^*^ ««=«<»• <=°«^ *• /^d me does not ever expect to be elevated to- suchkindness, but as I came a new boll was found inside of the door. The last tercourse bad ever been held with them.he accounted for by supposing that yoimg Lindorf By the dim light of the single lamp the large*'~TM"*"<=•' ^^antagonist upon the rocks below.'I 'who had clutchedyou of"— moments U seemed aa i(.^ the two would faUvery attractive-looking person,dusty traveling costume, and this he knew veryamong respectableThese words were so volubly uttered that Mr.of the bluff atree, which looked as if some elfin handalone.Arden walked about theto the rignt position, he was about 10 take up bis port-he saw there canaed hhn folio, when soinething to-stait back and change color. Upon the open isttv he had left there the night be'ore lay a stiqp of paaarMather, and ahue a common doom inM^w. Both were men of powerful frame, andwell, though he was by no means to self-conceit.vain or inclinedWithers seemedtook advantage of the brief pause to say"until the stars«Bnt pasaionshad twistedshapetaken J*.££^'we?^W1ied"r«Tr""^-"down the glen I saw a deserted cottage, overrun;;yield arrival has already been heralded bythat therebe nomay misunderstandingnighthe felt no dread of its un- Jt and read this wamlogneither wouldand the ter-ture hadandthoughtthathad neveron V hleh a few Hues werescrawled,in an fl- akkaeitmboOtiubomhimwithhisright and hand,partakingsupperstrangerray so kind as to tenderasif hadbeenatsomefardistant theytornJ Ma left grasped the body of a young tree that grew:from its protecting embrace imaginationneeded littlethe intrusion of moreatat thefastenings oneasilyout I forbore from conslaeratlon ofof the bluff.n.^'She falling man shrieked as he went downeflbrt of the to fix on thia stunted treeedceof the ycung man as he came toward them, and me one it mvolved no ;to remain after I am an artistsubstantial ones,byplacing strongyour youth'Hie cone ofUndred blood shall followVhat he would have further eaid was drowned the rushing waters ^ liis head came in contactexample. Bleasmg impression made on them was confirmedWashington.and I have already selected a localitywhile he hurled the the rocks below.to destructionleadingAt length he remembered that he must write toforthwith, and If value life or of mind, yo«kilied. Blood from the wounds on hismail wasweek. Thiscousinwasthe he claimed on earth the twoall ms - precaathecolorofthefoamas »u, and thus the stream hadeye Yourlittleval-nearfriendthatnot have cared to acknowledge.tioni, had hs really lain at thevUitor, who be actuated by '»<>«''«'«>•.f°lfoonly youngw'^"''"blesbelonging"Mi»nyyou, sir,butff^ahsIandatlasthesome furniture fixings putall that could be said agtn it, he w«t thereto hatyoungseat and cast asidei.theycottagefound his way obstructed by an seated herself upon the nar-1congenial!deatb^Tuggle. His face seemed to grow darker " I am very hungry and thirsty, my friends can ;«nd at last strange 1 have milk and eggs served to me here under the suspicions begandecay,over a levelpeople, lite my old man and me, giltm' our picterstheir issue.;only upheld by the tenacious fibres ofco aaiiiiii iltke ivy, which clasped themselves arotud its pil-you, ma'amNone. We raised a of and made posse men,diligent search among the ruins, but we detectedwhen there is athe bland air of evening to wander Qtrdngh dark, silky curls, that shaded a high,andpaimittedof a and fu-aged tree,balmy evening, and the picturesque scene before him. On the western side a rift in the hills per-happyprosperousgolden anticipationnue—yet in tlie flexible lips, in thelead a aensitive nature, which might be wroughten to cheerful voice. Do myof bear theseand as the hand that bore It movedeyes, was Bghts and shadows in the picttue before him, thenervonity amiac putlcclarly noticed the an- " You've a sound body, tenanted by a very un- tique eetting of the stone. It was a wide drelst ofAutumn livery of the forest trees, the olvery flow of the waters in the brook, filled thea whose entrance he had not ob- figure,gorgeousa cunning expression of face. His dress was of fine mateiiaU and arranged with some pretension to elegance, though it was rather of a flashy order. He wore his hat set jauntily on the side of his head, and carried his thumbs stuck in the arm-great ventur' you're making to stay there by your- self."the fellriot believe in the but I bid tread he drew near the and looked over;praybegin atnew comer, while he said what was meant for anaside"A new arrival, eh Higgins? Came over ondetermined iiim topersistgainedyou,your patriarchalseated beneathasked :•" May I ssk what place you have chosen. Sir 7;deepwitness to weariness of thatany greatboon—life ?"thepap«rs,the dreamer;yourself,strong walking Christian than you are, any day. Keep yourto be to the gainpairboots. A betterbliCs were fillingthe:youth,its margin.Near the centre of the village two immense oakshandsome, and refined in appearance, he saw, andYou deavor to restore him to consciousnessbut his vlsioa•yoo had beenperson who from their frames, still occupied tlie place aaugned possession of your soul, for I know that 4,aapporU thegain jospiiaUon me to do itmy I have not shatihaodogIlnit;I am not a housr-painter, but an artist I shall have no objection to take the portraits of The beggar peeped at him with an expression of yourself and Mr. Higgins, as I saw you sittingthe watersslightly bewildered, and Arden :yarditamthose magnificent trees, might be mistaken for thein a better state of than he had been preservationmen had been reared by a bachelor uncle, who had recently died, and left them, so far as they knew to the contrary,might hostility towaS the bold?J^ mvader of Us baaatsdyout"youngeruponoccupy.you peace anda mercy, secondUmebe at my;,fortheneverharmedthem. Thereissomehiddentery about the place, and you may be sure that such results as we have heard related but now arekbootfkfteU that, toot"t eatiT evfl. wlih - —.MdiMfenaaaB^larga qiaitaait cas tha ^ttSiam aMe had a b«T"ByaUnieaiis;!! bitMto hare two honota c^n taU about tt.**"Wen, tweoty man aftaa the setkaaage^t eadedaobadforneyailinetaooa,amanoffifty,bnt "I chanced X» wtm u eU ;ofbad then with old EOnfaia sad his wife. 'They didn^aahemakeaaapMoDS, iaiM to Olan&n, and stayed stthe tavon nran breaks up my Uvtaf,with hall as wUta aa anow, and a face fuUlongIron thia wtadow wjmid hsTe detcnnined him toitmain aa dan all cootd -Aes^aidWaatu we ti^eboardera more with > TOtm. gri he had witfi Wm, that he caUed for company than profit. The <M woman and mefrom the " justice."had peipctBatadtha acehs on canvaaa. actm abs^o, and iichted from above by a gUaa of our friendadered brothers when tbey found she had to livehealth and fine air."cause for abandoning it than has yet been given.I am not at all and what lias been superstitions,and half-defined projects.As he descended the pathway leading to the in-my tasteBriiii verrwent therea«id he was often seen walking around theexactly"AImayacquamunce of the m «t ha-vulage, who has cti .comd sthepaint portrait of histhere. old Well,IJndorfsure enough, yard, in the track the brothers took in theirquibbling old pair," thought the youth.hues of fire.At lei>gth the purple shadows of"There would be no excitement in not ''being you beware of again entering the Lennox cot- shoulder. Kb he thus leaned forward, his dark,ered over the scene, and thinking on the deeplynightous of peeing and hearing these goblins forpassion. The new comer was a voanamaiL-slowly toward the village of Glenfall, in search ofswagger, which proclaimed his ideas of his own consequence.ASeek some more credulous mys- persononwhom this; itwasalsoo(CHAPTER n.iN OPPOBTHIHTY EWICTID.front,the tavern, the trees had been removed produced by people as real as either of us. Is any enough!"to- ward the stream, shaded by trees of a century'sinpersist occupyingeither never leave ityou carrywillThus stimulated the beggar began a disjointedatory, which we prefer putting in our own words. news he brought with him from the outside purpose to make his acquaintance. Nice lookingwith distinctness as he triumph on his face.Ibliy, many years before, an English gentlemanworld, as for the trifling sum he was charged for bis lx>ard.young fellow;found out his name by this time Iand proclaim your evil prophecies ?""'The spirit that is witiiin me warned me toa hame in the United Statesdare ? Introduce me." saythere byhis twobrethren,andaitala aleaving the BMMt populoua portions of tlie country, he struck out hi the West, and finally settled in the village;As he came with slow steps towards" the village, the lingering twilight gave the young traveler anHiggins deliberately removed his pipe from hisstayin thethatseemed nosecretoutlet to hasoccurredto daguerre^otypia hs galdrops and quiet in her way." little note of what they were saying.sleepMBS. AIIIIA TOtTSS. " has no one heard from her since ?" At the broad were askedGlenfall, snd insisted onfor a season,follows those who abide under that Young man, don't think that you know bettertrusion in that secluded and be bad no spot,evening gath-there at the witching time o' I am desir- features seemed to with ma-oppositeThe village of Glenfall consisted of a straggling from that spot, alone, to display the handsomecollection of frame buildings, scattered along at front of the new edifice. It wsus of a compositemakiogthe base of the hi'ls, whichbattered hat and subdued ez- this retired nook. The most of the dwellings most incongruous in elTect. From the window of " Absurdof the two moved as ifcompletely girdled were surrounded bv inclosures filled with shrubs,tohis own sanctum, Mr. Withers had observed thedanger, thoughyou can, give faith to my parting words.were «»— tdttexlymisunderstood with had tiialiled him to order. Mr. Higgins put on his pledge not to accept an invitation from you, Mr.—inmates andhebelievedthathehadta-You thought yourself s&fe.becauae bolts defendedspectacles tlmt he Wi" hers, if might take a satisfactory surveyshouldyouand itby as the one which had sustained the elder brothera How precipice.:Ihave killedas yoathe old at the lady soon followed his The to-nightthedailng. 1 command you to leaveby 'Ihe Acheerful, voice which them manly greeted;from which to sketch the sur-will not £0 lightly eacapt." _, .j .,. There was no and Arden examirsd th*rat man and woman, looking outHe hastily gathered tq»,«-, the world you had peopled and cultivated theeflbrts had recently been made to it from preventstory that will beWUa, and ye.« of «""? •' "it:^"*mrmber|«Clh*I •iJrfce lonely house. ThL.?'and fixed themhim. With a rapid hand he wrote. After giving «iid the continuatios of the stoiy from where It leaves'T" filWl 'taken poaaeaaim wUhout que«i„^"* °"sht hare-A '-*&se has llie taint of amid all its loveliness. envy'"~°« I was thinking as I came along, that the evil pas-deeper than ever, as he nervously " purplesaidexchangemypassionateloveBo*a« Bosner, pnbllaber. No. 48 Ann^treat, New-Yoi*. IK!narrative ol theI- ^»rf that's not all U«l can be& ^though anv"*°'explanation, smgular changes.wastha Ledger WiU mall yoa a eoiyp oS^?,"" story, indeed,^' iSa^Vh'"""P* --,Neglect to" Fred,dreadfulwhen he had extracted this:(or tl. letter to Address yourthe 5SiFft:?.'^L"^*,P'¥=« '""l«^' ^ decay"'"*"sions of our nature should find no place In such aspot as this, yet the story to which 1 listened at was once re«lden«d with fratricidal blood, and for Cal;pso, with its gorgeous tropical scenery, and worldly once thoughtbeggar.upon dreary spot. wealth which I would beThe m,^ an from the hand of God but the ;but Ar- thoughts completely from hisdco stion'b««r«re so fruitful tha? n^,'"'°"« coM^trf jjpthing for a living."overstudies from spots to combine hereafter in a picture."from the account of the purpose intended.it had not answeredsurroundings,uponthepage beforebug to occupy it,»ad •»« bee» made to seU t!heThe stranger half smiled, and good humored ly_idmuch f .Jcurse rests that Its hearthstone show that they had once represented the island oftherefore, yonare welcome to the*» Uathanks toupperported the portico had i>een and tant cousins they claimed in England, but no in- carefully propped,givethe told, &„., ine."the"I am aorry to find at the outset th »t my para-aon either hand.hangingsand peel fromdamp thehad caused the walls, leavingdc, be said::manyfalls above should have provedcontrarybeing haunted. Strange stories are told about flit- The rooms looked as if they had been recently"By this time the business relative tothe set-buBdicd tboasand eoptss, which !•the bsstsimplicity,„. . house is the highest in the village, and fromhonored position as that. Adam was the firsthad placed it there as a protection against intru- room looked dreary and desolate enoughserenelyupon Mymy old woman valley."'*TtaabovehiaUofthisp>iiii*ad jhgails Jj***:«» _ bvy oh, na^, I |p go QCD wraac Iroaa «ba1i^ aMstalthlnr. I dottH asry JidSwithetaenacted in (he MB* hwiaa. Lat aa haar all 70a aanehow ua U atwaya tataifBiBC wlOi ma. As hlth«aad he related to ma tlMtnilc stoa oon-soon aa I get ancome > but ^ongS&."7S!L*"f><>^77iaB>la.iwlS;ur^a.eleaa flow «f the watan below «Ma««aan »i.n«»m ofnamtivehisfattentohiahoaae,and aa^onoftheruin. Thedeathatnwiiehegiaphi- faihisresdvetooecuirrOtehouse,oneglanceWitheia, to faiTji to chancepressing invitation hiraaelf agreeable. Theonly deaciibed wouldmy deaite to tet-pos- make a moat eOectiVe pic-mdodyselheart and a lo Oat Mrsta'ycallyture, and If IW» Oppoaito to thia was a tood of Urge size, ocU- the difEetenoe in our ioherltaaee, which tamm'.or the matter of la* htm that,patha aarilDcA—" Not for a long time. For a while, letters came "What is your name, young man and 'what 'occupying, inwhichhisfatherdied. Histhatlines he had traced.hisioet. her and was well contented but This aroused him from hisis believed ofelse, for I tellpersist that ifBefore lying dovm he examined the strong bolts life. I am a wise he had himaeif put upon the door, and saw that'brother, ;came seldomer and seldomer, and now for four plied :family papersyou woman, as the dullards call mewillre-A^arelerpausedontheoatskirtsofapic- "years tboy haven't had a word from her." My name is Harry Aiden, and I am a dabblertarcM^ae village to anrvey the roaintic surround- " HowjBgi^with the eye of an artiat and the heart of a " Nightome one to accompany him and aid him in the;Vfee little hamlet was nestled away in a secluded • aoak hemmed in by high hills, on which gleama«f t^ lading aunset still lingered.alone.; the green aint nigh so pret- ful, and he sent down to the village for wine, pro- life.";the glen brawled a clear, rapid stream, nkoaewatersbrokeintofoamovervastbolder*of lock which obstructed their coarse, until theyMacted a fall of about twenty feet in-height firomsillydashed to Thus, in fanciedplacelongdispute possessionare what I havebeen seeking, and I amyoung adventurer slept deeply for many hoon^intense on his withered face. surprise"An' it's a daring man you'd be to stay there by yourself. It's the common belief that the place isnot undertake the other commission."seqnel to the affair was, that he came very near never waking in this world again. A severe blow1reality.conscious that he Uy motionless up-and sawa tallover to the evil demon, and thatofexpression disappoint- uponhis head struck film senseless, and if I hadthe flickering bgiit o£- very mysterious Bannerof such an absurd charge being made against me. I really think I shall brave the goblins, for the view from the portico will make an enchanting picture. You see I am an artist, old man, and I can easily find accommodations for myself and my easel intown. Don't you tliink, now, you could manage it for me ?"And the blow ?Who inflicted that ?lars, and hung in large wreaths from its molder- that old ruin, in such delicious weather as we " Phoo" peopleiogcomice.^Tho ont-hooses had been built of less substan-youngthey reverie,you youryouyoung manhave at present." man, can paint a plain piece of plank of solid col-""what did you say was the name of "brethren?" daughter, too, and she likes handsome beaux towith anfashion of a past day, and his gray hair was-IntnTsllin boaider, who ahaUnected with th«place. To sfeak tto tinth,^'Um ooly poTsoiiiBaa 00a,thoogbupon themyfairik. ua, and w« nneie felt this, and aoat the same time."Arden laughed."Excuse me, ma'am, but you make a slightdurmgits and reveal the watches,offer it;but he wished tohear all she had placedbeingpieces. security"Oh, a figgerpainter can Mrs. Higgins, with anand that's all!" exclaimedI am events,Ardenwaaon histhe;my original intention. to read futurescepticalas toyour whichpainted. I'm sorry you can't undertake the ishet-—t«"C'"tr cUfTs, that formed a picturesque bacic- whether I am in that ruin or in my own lodgings been after Higgins a long spell to have 'em done and still insensible. I had him conveyed to my " No I came here to stop you, and you may jestwith asupported by massive pillars, stood on the cornerorder of architectureandyou are warned of ihethe fatal consequences. Now listen to me, and if vlllDg each other. The robber bore off the papers,once came forth to ascertain as muchif his maimers" An' sure. Sir, it's everybody that ought to know spread their gnarled branches over a large log bearing, he intended again to deprive the tavern at it to-morrow, and write to my friend to join me not tell ;how that place came to be left to fall away to house, whitewashed on -the outside, and adorned keeper of his guestfor Mr. Withers felt the dull-and if you ask the people in Glenfall, they will tell By of hisIncomprehensible power,I'd rather trust to for a covering than shelter my- self under that roof over there ?"The Washington House, as it was ambitiouslycalled, was neither very extensive nor much givento a entertaining guests. Occasionally stragglercame to tlus secluded which no railroad had spot,yet invaded, and the old couple who kept the bouseand theAs she finished speaking, she arose slowly, them.moved to one side, and made way for Arden to Beyond this the vision seemed broken into coofused'with doors and shutters of a vivid paintedness of the little town in which he and quiet lived,possible."you that old Betty Baine foretells that own,always octagon one, and saw the dark-browed mangreen. Swinging from a convenient tiough in front, was anothing. It's the wonder of the valley, an' everychild in it can tell you that a curse rests on thatboaie. I'm a poor, beggar body, but it's the sky grim ana weather-beaten portrait of Washihgton, able person whose society could relieve the mon- many reasons."which comes to pass. Now take or refuse the eagerlyprofession,will obeyjam.m the neighborhood,good evening to you, my friends, and may rounding scenery to advantage. As soon aj possi-it broke ovw the ley is really as beautiful as a nook of and Both his visitors looked disappointed. Withers then proceeded to inspect the bouse. This he found Eden,his cousin that the iaggad surface of a rock, and he waa in- you live to tr,joy many that can soothe the heart ble I shall make arrangements to take possession all the details of the picture he intended to paint. on the morrowthat his letter might be sent for, in that secluded place, theArdenJantly body and charni the as this does. of it." He made a slight pencil sketch of the scene, andquicklyimpossibledescribe,theyleaving his father, for such the resemblance between,correspondedwith his outwardexperunentofinhabitingthecottage. Iwill lookI can- seem to be turned from them and violentlycompelled;as soon as" I would advise you to remain here, then, untilhepassed mwas glad to extend his hospitality to any present-friend comes. It will be safer and better forexamine the records he had so violentlythink best." sppropnated, and then search for a safe spot in which to eosoeaiyourotony of his daily life. Arden As the village great man drew near, he removedas warning, you mayafford me shelter. Ifiqpr town laa't the old tavern keeper, but the owner I will take op my residence there for a few weeks, sion on the night of his nocturnal vigil, though;^the shingle palaceuntil lean make some As Arden uttered thisWithers,onofi^here. If you cannot get a eopy at amy boafcstoniman inyonder, who doesn't dowith which will ivy,possible,whereand ask for the Naw-Tork Ladcer of Marchfirstdensoonturnedhisthroughoutthecountrypaparaareaold. «s-Withers underwentlost much of his florid color, and then flushed tothe publisher The Ledgerprove promise;mightyonpaper You are probably not aware, young man, that a onlyhere andmyearth can offeror twocopiesmay saysUycbaaea to localfiy, which wiU enableporticoof such a nature.Let mepass!I haveheardhis hat, and courteously inclined his head to the perturbation altogether conceal,and fragments. He was conscious of a violent effort on his own part to discover in what spot the purkkner concealed the papers, but his stalwart form f»»m^ suddenly to fade litto dimness, and the dreamerare made to prevent me from this beheld him following uphis design of taking possession of the cottage inthe If a he was morning. mystery really existed,by tliis time obstinately determined to fathom it.CHAPTER IV.TBI OLD CBONI'S WAKHINO.observmgdis"dainfully:John " oldWith-:I spot, mayVb(t loblfais do, until he have differentdaife. ^he waa only twelve yea-, old, bvt are lonesome, because we have no children to thing. Sirwaa aa Dretty aa a pictnr. an' had a mlgV.ty come to see us, and brighten us np, and we dent futely under a ban. Every attempt that has been dently been occnpiedbT caaaa for booka and paint-^e^^ey^offln^t: Uii^at^ co"interfering with na."rotting^,a>^^^^ her. The man called hfsself .Lin^o^ ^^^does he do but go he °W hoTM« UiereTon had betterthem by hands long since mooMered''"live•• Andfor I assureMr. Withersdetertnination was not influencedbutfinding out the secret of into gold.•,nbrotbeia, baa led to some evil to thestops wentpoaknidnh|abdoiuttc earvwl out, ^ndhad the smiling reply of thein it. Well, tr, spite of himself into s "capacious^s youin athem that"A pestilent fellow this Withers must be," was made; account,.old man who bad borne them from his English home to embellish the one lie created for himaeifwanted it kept from Iter, and nobody would be so though he is meddlesome with our travelers. you offer ;cruel as to tell the young creetar about the mur- Glenfall is celebrated far and wide for its good plan. I must adhere to it unless I can see better Glenfall. with his mind filled withpay jST^ many houia of l^MM tor.minds that somethiug was wrong, and the matterought to be looked Into, Lindorf was found one whim," remarked Mrs. Higgins. "You can have a" The death of Mr. Lindorf ? Yes, Sirapparent health, and are found dead the next morning.""withdead in "his bedhere thought he had put an end to liisseu, so you see the old ruin is doubly cursed."garnothing very*"And what became of the young girl ?"CHAPTER V. UNACcousTABut FBiaoicnoy.some said remorse otthen aloud spokeulates my and increases desire to curiosity myof it. I have heard ofgsin possession places tieing"bridge,old woman who hadportant man mtheand settling in the valley." the last incident that occurred at Glenfall cottage, " People that come hare often have the same Mr. Arden ?"jtable here wUhMrs. Higgins bustled into the house, and soon re- turned, followed by a well-grown, red-armed girl, with hair cut short to her head, and her somewhatrelated that but there was ;in a few minutes. I,:lose its mundanegroond for the lonely and deserted home, over in town. As to the other I should never be afraid over, but he wouldn't send for a man from the next house, and we nursed him until he recovered." stand there till I'm to move and let over. with a sense of deliciotH enjoyment such aa hwbut seriously I cannot consent to do what is so entirely out of my line."inas Higgins and Ms wife'."!;anybody that canpainta nothing wrong about them. The conclusion onlyI shall not choose to rea- Perhaps explain my;yonder,kept by such kindgood tavernGlenfall,lions filled with pictures of sensuous beauty. 'Tha demand them. Will you move, or shall I cross the floor glowed with flowers of brilliant dyes, scat- tial materials than the dwelling, and they had iall- in Glenfall cottage, you will be mighty fool-hardy, difference between you picter painters and the " That seems to me an absurd conclusion when stream on the rocks below ?" tered over the pale azure groimdwork of a rich car- «B utterly to decay, lying in gray maases upon the that's all ;" and the beggar arose and. prepared to others. You'd better let hira alone, old woman, or the man was seriousljr injured by something so "That would be about aa venturesome as this pet. Heavily-carved furniture stood againat thawas that supernatural power had been used against Well, stranger, I jesi think that if you do stay or," here remarked Mr. Higgins, but I know the him."sons to you, as I can see no right that have to youearti^ half concealed by the high grass tliat grew hobble away with the aid of a stick. The young he'll get affronted and go to Withers' at once. a!s I tangible as a blow. I really think, Mr. Withers, other the woman " for the walls, and in the deep recess of the curtained win-arotisid them.Thefolly," coolly replied;man paused on the edge of the man took out a silver coin, and offering it to him, live, there he comes now to see who we've got that I shall attempt to rescue Glenfall cottage from rocks are covered with moss, which is slippery as dow sat a haughty, hard-looking man, examining,said: here. Remember your promise, Mr. Arden, and its weird reputation. 1 have a friend who will join the path of life, and you'd be likely to knock out a bundle of papers. Upon bis features was an ex-atieam, and gazed around in increasing wonder "I«hallnot try it to-night, at all events. But don't be coaxed away trom us. Withers has a me there, and I think I shall certainly remain until the lew brains nature on some of those pression of^ gloomy abstraction, and his thia.. that a spot for which nature had done so much ahonldbedesertedbyman. Heremovedhishat,gave youthewhich this will pay for. Their name was Lennox, ra." Higgins to visit me there, and see what progress I you wish to risk it forcompressedexpreaaion of^and may your taste never be like theirs."Maoou brow, on which twenty-three Bummers " Not much danger of that," was the chesrful Washington," eaid Arden, " I aminto & cue behind. His coat was of dark velvet, and hope niSIes ot delicate Itce fell over his arlato-kad left no trace of care or sorrow. It was a bright, hopeful face, full of the joy of youth—thepre- simpleeasily supplied,Tired of life Iat my elastic frame, my healthy cheek, and heark-beauty of the even to madness by unmerited suffering. The mitted gleams of the golden sunset to penetrate"response, as he leaned against the trunk of an determined not to find Mr. Withers irresistible, here will undertake to furnish me with a basket of for the future, andand drank in all thecold provisions every day, I will come down for them mvself, and report about the doings of the goblins."" "Dear me, Mr. Arden," said Mrs. Higgins,the valley, and light up the little patch of desola-massive gold, on which a wreath of Ibrget-ne-aota- were exGuisitely enameled.histion at their base. The house wasa dome, and the glass which remained unbrokenThe person who now approached was a short,mind, then,"retorted thecrone,youthecaught ruddy glow and reflected it back inbyavengers supernaturallaughing.even if he has a pretty daughter as an ally."CHAPTER m.ANOTHKR STBAKGI OCTBAGX AT THK BUIN.andand ifmy good landladyno indeed mine is full of ;low the path of the brethrenwhich was of a pale brown, and curled in short come to the Washington that if you and Miss Dora each other in that fearful death-struggle, seeking fafrnds who availed themselves nightlargenames toyourself,and don'tforgetwhena tacit defiance ofthem for theheavenly morning. Pi th* struggle they gradually approached the rings around h!s temples. Altogether, the artist is the gtnteel people of Glenfall, we come fore- to picture the scene vividly before his mind, that ness to work out their evil purpose;impulseHisff** ""S?" "" 'ira'^ig t« a close, when the elder beggar, who was ensconced in the kitchen, on my account, as it is not intention to remain and beauty to her offspring. The rugged roots been so lovely belore. He was reluctant to re- leglhle hand. With strange perplexity Aidaa HAedeffort of herculeangrew abovethesoil inenter the house, though:the oldsnugly mythe of the with either of you. Mr.bounty Higgins1beg, ,led to expectand ne was to find that surprisedof nymphs. many years the house has had the reputation lovelyequally shared between ua.neighboring the face of3 which wlU be readyMonday, aad in ItvonwlU.Heofyou wlU send him five ceata In a letter.is mailed at to snbaeribersTon would be a daring man to attempt such aao aidB«. JoaJtaaw that;a most daring man, for the place is§onme. The altetnate panela in the walla had evi-Fred^ bM Hit--it.man as he threw Arden, and come to my house, wnere I canmore congenial but you need have no fears of him on my trait of my daughter."you I shkH not take up myploce with such ghastly aasociatima connected I am glad to hear yon say that," said the old desire to prevent him from putting his scheme After examining every nook, and fio^g nothing many times if I can takethe child ?Was she wilUng toin aquarters with him." "spoke very earnestly, byArden's this evidentNewWorld.—,^tttohaleft.yostinttimabe«/lorn«t_ , _,big^'aaleame wtadow.freaawhlditba^SSS'iSfMM oftiM,thewhile an evidence of the refined following upemployment painting por- tastes snd luxurious habits of the broken-hearted de»r Fred, that I never can beUeretheafterwards learned, was to recover some valuablewhich the oldto have secreted there. He endeavored to get pent it to the last hour ofroom,object,Itheywereinplace. ThewindowsontheailaaC' the room, by long misuae, were so firmly imbeddedin their frames, that it was impossible to mcm^^themlight, overhungone whotural—men often die in a fit, and such an incident tir. Arden, you can get the job, and pay your way night, in the belief that the old man might defied interruption, even if Arden had desired to it would risk falling upon the roclLs below and." A Roet. The painter mused a few moments, and then gins.well that isI was jest wanting the winder shetters tohere refused to with gofrom this fatal for if path,longpaint." .;absent, peoplefuture,about sixsaid Mrs.so Lindorf went His search during the day was unsuccess-since she left Glenfall ?" insearch but I was and the aboutand I came here to towarn you— turn youyears."painter,lucky,"Hig-him,upyou persist in walking on it, fatal it shall surely be to your whole futureand the bay window, which let in aii andour house done overThe sudden death of Mr. Lindorf waa quite na- ty as it was. Ef you stay with us long enough, visions and a lamp, resolute to remain througn the These words were uttered with a volubility that anythe stream in such a m»wm^^said "should not one from that prevent any inhabitinglovely spot. The retirement and beauty of thetlisfc thraag^:" Nonsenseand theplay strange antics, twrvoas ae"real must have been produced by human agency.wereMany thaniw, sir, for the old man's supper, flirt with, sure. Better keep away from Miss Do- plate making from that spot. I invite you and Mr. fore to-day. Are you tired of life, young man, that iron determination. His dress was of tlis*gentlemandoI can read thetohere as I came toward your house; but I could pretty well tired out, and at last fell asleep. The good reason why I should not become the occu- bililies to shadow forth a weird "vision whichcouch,the that had them stay there without either dying theirselvgs, or ment. I vally things according to their use, Mr. not returned home in the nick of time, he would Eoawsebreen apart of my education teaches me that expiring lamp fi!gure standing over hioi^The listener laughed." I shall be certain to die when my time comes, ters, because that would suit me to a notch. I've look after bim. I found him covered with blood, rangements to take possession of the ruin."!they:youcanhowshouldbe1 Lindorfwas determinationgive me somegansessed all the vividness ofand I will endeavor to ascertaincome back to try their strength on those who have " Tush, old womanand his dress was oradmerentIllicit trade carried on about here which would "You won't believe me, then," she said, with a ihem above his head. The old man started and a " up,render the house a desirableofplace rendezvous weary desperation in her voice. Y"ou will go fierce struggle ensued—do sotmrt was uttered,for those in it?" engagedMr. Withers exclaimedon the of pathtfaongtiagine such a thing among remarkable for peopletheir simplicity and rectitude of life ?"If youconcerning" and I growth, which were scattered at intervals along him as might be gathered. That he was young, have chosen it as least to be At you from its walls a miserable sorrow, which will the old man, who seemed to rai^e bim up aadfCn-glancedspeaker,slight:at theof manner which Withers could notcome to youof all the details we have " Mr. Arden, this is John Withers, aa I told you unchanged. A night's reflection had only strength- of earth, to reveal to you the consequences of your by the pale father tottering among them and throw-lips, and saidThe young artist arose with his determinationconqueror.—;The wasended strugglebut no thefamished to the architect by himself, and decora- turmoil of the city, ids soul was filled with the qui- to interduce u> you, but he wants to know you, haunted bouse. He sat beneath the old trees, and human voice sent me on the green path where you sleeper, and he was conscious that bis mind wasted it with paintings and other objects of art et charm of the scene and the sweet influences of that he may keep me out of the few dollars you partcok of his brealtfaet, wondering within him- were to be found. forced to return to the doomed room—to roam aroond-brought firom his home in the Old World. the hour. His resolution waa taken to remain a might pay me, by taking you over to his house, self if he could ever give a fair transcript of this Arden laughed in scorn at this reply, and the the walls In search ef a clue to the spot In wlileh ths Hr. Lennox was a man of gloomy and saturnine season in Glenfall, and if practicable, to become and having all } our pleasant talk to hisself and his lovely valley, with its charming contrasts, its ei- crone shook her finger menacingly toward him as abstracted deeds had been concealed, snd a tnrlU oftemper, and the three motherless lads who ac-the tenant of the ruined He was cottage.Miss Dora."of and beauty. grandeurshe saidangry disappointment pasted inrongh him at aaeh failure,him to his new home seemed to have"The fool seeth not his own folly,' was saidcompaniedinherited much of his own nature. to'singu- larly free from superstitious fears, and for severallovely darter, "quisit blendingAgain Mr. Higgins and his wife would have re-:A sudden blow was then dealtThey grew reasons the very seclusion its evil repuatation ever," said Mr. Withers, growing very red in the newed the discussion of the previous evening, and long ago, and it is as true now as when it was first bead, and the dreamer lay in otter tmoaaaetaaass*reckleas and wild maturity, often treating their would insure was its greatest recommendation.fathai with extreme unkindness, which at times t bitterly resented—at others, passively borne. t ot wrath and violence often occurred the cottage, and the inmates of GlenfallA venerable middle sat couple, long past age,beneath the shadows of the trees, which served asReally, really, Higgins,kind not often found in a small town like this, and but he gaily refused anythe evil who rule fate. When spirits your theyhave dealt with you I will look on you again, either in life or in death !"uponson was cheerfully in the window, aad on Insklag arenad hsIcometo forsight them, manyweeks hadpoorbouse,head,bat ttbs-•a stained itwith his heart's blood inthat the sun wasto the room with the bay window,came to lookits inhahitanta as and oider of theirShe hobbled away with the aid of a crutch, and was In a laeasnre relieved by battaiog^(aiMtOneMy here,;he He thinkspaused manyyoungway,moreobstinatelybeeasilysecounted for thatby sumupon peace;since a guest had sought the shelter of their roof good friend does not like thisand,rf being appalled at this, catastrophe, the two stir- Ivcn seemed only inflamed by it to a more deadlyof quivering eitherers'" Has the old heathen really extracted such aloitered so long upon the roadshining brightly over the decayed roof of Glcntall oottage when he entered the inclosure that sur-conveyedaiti.^t souldied, andStop it then, and don't a for- rolled away, and the hills were sharply defined in ing was the leading trait in his character, and an cold.a portico to the tavern.The stranger was a wel-when come into the respectable-looking peoplethis is worse thanface. "The fact is, Mr. Arden, I love society of a dissuaded him from attempting to visit the cottage; uttered. Go—I deliver you over to the mercy of for msny hours afterward. When be at lant araosedplace, I sometimes take tnem to myelapsed and endeavor to entertain them as well as 1 can. arm.a dizziness about his singular sellingto listen to further re- monstrance, and at last left them to pursue his way up the valley carrying his portfolio tmder his.Alalac.times in his walk to note the theand this one was of such prepossessing appear- I interfere with his business, though really noth- picturesque turns in the brook which rushed with determined than ever to follow out the plan which late expotme to the damp air rising uom the water-them. Theman went on hisance as promised something to mtcrest and enliven ing is further from my intention than to do so." noisy brawl towards its bourre. The mists soon seemed to arouse such opposition. Reckless dar- fall, on the previous night, had given hlmasB^tshadows a The virld dream which had flitted through klsbram contrasting utter distielief in the supernatural gave him more came back to him, and he half smiled as he thought ^nie«cHeat eUmed the chief portion by-thft^ .Jif^fn, and a strongly-marked though pleasing It. Thai's a flat contradiction I am not smart with the brightness of the sparkling stream which vivid contempt for the warnings he had received this was merely the result of the tales he had lia- ^mofenitore which prevails in his nattre fue. His eyes were dark, full and expressive, and enough to reconcile. As to the young man, you broke into foam at their base. He at length came than they perhaps deserved. In spite of the re- tf ned to concerning the cottage. He begta to iiH The two yoanger sons denied the equity of ffiia massive brow rose like a dome above them. won't take him away, for when I told him you to a rustic bridge which spanned the stream just newed remonstrances of the tavern-keeper and his dulge a feeling of coaterapt for those who had thus attempted to play upon his fears, and an emotioa of• t* thenaeeitfJmThadyoungman had an active,welt-proportioned ever,and keep doing thing their yet say you have no intention of doing" the morning air,purplea claim la a land of equal rights ; the ill^iatiiE]s mouth was permitted to show its mobile ex- would come after him, hebelow the fallsafe tothia seeme*scarcely pass,firm to his towife, Arden remained purpoee passtoren fought around the paternal hearth, tffl a inely curved upper lip, which seemed capable His defiant tone proved too much for Mr. With- reached the other side in safety. Arden had bedstead, his artist's chair and a small table were clear light of moralDg, was one caicuiated to HI hteso high that blows were exchanged;thepression,thougha small moustache curled above so there now."but he venturedover,andby steppingcarelBlly,the coming nightat the haunted house and a cot ;the ccene oa which his eyes rested, bathed la the;plarspassionglee,politeness;:delight.His dress was and suited to the pedestri- degree of rage against each other simple, A" No more a ers," exclaimed Mrs.it. The rounded storythey nuhed an tour he was eviaently making. loose-linen"P*" "'' *°'^ renewed the combat, the Iheathan thanHiggins. My manis agavethisyardpromisedstay here;self that he had been deaf to tham for graiulatiotj all,he had heardand endeavored, in imagination, to fol-btnt of tbtti theyremainedas happinesshefonnd. Butyoumustturning the Isuspicious, leading me, thatI thank you I will not refuse the employment subterranean depths which m%fat conceal a deadly every day to that branch of' i5t Ibut that will not interfere with my foe, the young man tnmed his slowlytoward penfes, and still reservehaunted by the living for purposes of their own."and that I should rovv causeway completely filled it np. It was desireevident to Arden that she hadInthatcaseyoumightrunagreaterriskthan forthepurposeofinterceptinghim,andhepaused ^berisnotexactlytomytaste. Hehaabeenth»-un- within still retained allconadenoe killedhim, but most o' the people about will see after it myself, because I like your looks." usual in such an occurrence. Men often retire in possessed. Her dress waa of deep blue calico, you can pack up, and join me. Truly'youra,*' " She stayed in-Glenfall until her brother, a col- scanty garments of unimpeachable neatness. She been away from this neighborhood for the last— lage chap, was written to and came for her thatis, she called him brother—but they wasn't a bitaUke, and I don't believe she was any kin to him.and in that time a newthe just horror in which the old ruin is held. It is my belief that, if any spot of ground has beenWhat a capital figure for one of Macbeth's witches," was tlie thought that passed through Ar- den's mind, but it was speedily put to flight by the shrill, cracked voice of the woman, sayingi.11a small table covered with akin, on which a palatable supper was soon spread. While he slowly enjoyed the repast, the strangerhasadded tobroughtsnowy nap-year,outrageWearied the exertions of the byThe lad was dark, fiery-ioolung, and mighty like was unconscious that his host and hostess were given over to the Evil One to wora his will in, it iswho at theold Lindorf but tlie was fair as the snow- incessantly talking to him, though iiis mind took that old Lennox place. But to the story. About to be allowed to in;the beg-seemed,the vital power it had everhaunted."rhere is aome game on hare. X^ goingwas thrown, contrastingBut that is not yet the last. Old Jerry has hair and withered face it shaded.with theexpects cot yon- four months since, young Lindorf returned to der? Have you not been warned of the evil that; forinspiteoftfieet- intimidate hixn, he was feartoaa of in*-" Are you the conceited:uponbut still theof it is with me to follow the movements of the eldtr brother. ;yet there was a of ma- gleamcomnum sopentitiao of tlksUt thia hoDM regard biiur..to^ether repulsivelicious intelligence in her deep set eyes which showed that old and worn as she the mindshare the;profess to country people!strangelysilveryyoungster peace, upbut unlesspant ol the Lennox cotuge, I must stiU persist inI have completed a series of drawings I contem- which have run red with blood be- lips jaggedpoints," beDo not uneasy as to my allegiance to the shall make in my undertaking. My wants are of a whim ?"nothingbut thegratificationdrawn back from the brow and braided loftyYou'd better stop long 0' us at nights, and onlycrowned with tUck-set man, with sandy hair and whiskers, and face the ghoets in the daytime. It's a mighty would never think of resting beneath the roofsoundhaunted" orof blood. SuddenlyYoung^man, served, came glidirg over the floor with noiselessenjoymentin thepresent.Lookslender,crttlc locUng bands. On the left one waa won >ring containing a large diamond of singular natre,you maymy- light heart and untarnished name with which you olfignantknowledge Eomewiltaont voUtioD spirit from that room to the-saidIt seems very singular to me that such effortsto sketch the scene seized him, aad hs hemightreproduceitwiththepowerofamaster. manymisgivings,Jerryleftthecourageousstran- turritdrapidlytowardMstable. Drawingitforwardsmallfragments clingingthere,toofit out ofbeen unable to restore itsto"Ah, Sir, where can a human go that be does i ting lights being s«en through the windows on swept, and there was no accumulation of rubbish tlement of our uncle's estate is completed, and you wecaBtlvaodtaoMilts.Untitled Document;windows the view looks over the whole falling entirely, lo decay. The pillars that sup- witbout another relative intheUnitedStates; dis-"» fnim wheret^I^,t',leaves o"The door unclosed without effort, and Arden en- tered a square hall from which apartments openedan account of with which itthe old the ruin,in its and na- inlancy,original gracemany places,in in the cloudless azure m>Tiadssat down under its shade, and arrangednight,•superstitious fear regarded, and his own scheme,dcorsleptfrom the room he intended to and this noossonlyAfter mercyofanwtnnid;sent out twice in the course of the wrttiiigsignature,in a state o: uemulous eicilemeitf bs wooldI would notbeautiful art for the most brilliant fortune;•HB"and;fignresfloateddimlybelore thsmind sf thedark- gazed. and, with The;'which nature wa-lnm"Since Ihave been here t hovetoan instrument for takinjg them, of thepursuitsquality, and such materials as I need.reader then ;a swifthe seised the.attemptedto enter the roomtbiswelint^4* a^aw «C puraolng the chimera that has taken althat today, Aiden at- his bed, and fo aevara^ hours slept heavily. He left his lamp boiBku, HsdUlength threw himselfhis letter open on the tableforts made toqualities,and imagined must be felt by disembodied spirits'plunge,papers, triumphantly held them aloft, aad wavedlipsagainHe was metfierce pantomime was acted, Is which this tUne hedid not come offing his feeble body between the oombataalB. Agatft'himself from this conditl<m, thesaw no change m any part of the isoB. nan waatits a_y»st,*•is Ihe haadaoBeat and best family pape' *"try, elcganUy Dlnstrated, and charactartaedva •» moral tone. Ita prasaat circulation ta «*'«I.a?»«and float inaway ^>ace,;Oa side af Us-'-- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Wi 