 - ,.,Dec18. aware of the evils which,without a so to without a code parliament, say,splendor of Rome.seat at the Vatican, la what awea (frippe) the world. It would be to declare The sovereign of tbe BomasStatea la scarcely thought necessary'peraoB In the likeness of man, with two bright eyes, .aadvnder whose guidance they inspected the livebanish It from can alonename.In abort, there will be a people la Europe wbo irillof its political exlatenee will be limited to its ramiict-matloB,anthority of Rome. Aa we have before said, this coe-the .tbys.-jn)i>n.; it dim enemies of his power, resolved to resist blm, and whom force alone could keepi , ' -iUieen, when they%cre w.nt out into the world, for dependent upon any one—such advice.Pontiff,waters is composed of tne fbllowlag veaaela: Nmttis, bearing the Admiral's Hag, sa gun*.!Is theThe"TteUt popuur of our n-rcMUI. bM. the «TM«te.t of EnglUh ylrluei.-hecountry, tai which tte writer hai, as maarlu Covtnatrtt lo MUmfH a otvetaton on theTmtt, after feeteviag (ha paMlHi aaennedbytbapamiiuel, dedaeae the foDovtiKmlogical dedBcUensn'»IP.'r»i^ch'.'work um ja»t appeared ralmUng to good-bumoredly to aute the faat, that ha nas, bowMAn latere.Ung«ie Umes of the yooner Prfr, conaiaUngof letteia and then, beea the aubjeet o!la transat-pointtelatereatof and rai.l,gloaaayothernation,girapcovoUagThePopelanotBl(ego>fera a larRe 8tala,ar.la- ceed, lo aadwar was the greatest of all human evils. He President nize anotherclaim on behalf of the Intelligence of that companr understanding with otlier Powers, resptecting the ad- If he presumed that they knew it to be so. ( Hear, vice to be offered, and you may be assured that no op- portunity will be lost of mterfering by counsel with abear.l So very strong, indeed, was this conviction view tonoted in the Englisb mind, that the popular vasfatlDg and ssni^uinary war.at Mexico, and he will be Instructedwhat Franc can vrlsh. This is not what truly re- many to be carried away by these currents of the1815, gave the Romagna to combined at Paris in de-between a liberal aad resctionaiy peUeyibat «a read in these sentences the promise of a cordial a>- derstandlng between tbe two countriea In Ihe <aventlal day lo<jmci and darkened upon him. Be was disturbed by the amount of oratoricalcomprehensivein the ron^tittirioTia/PrMs magazine for January; andoisiLherit her. After lawi to the whole defended the rights of the Holy See, has exercised allevents ; changes upouil. In this is detabaed on tbat respect nothing exempted. beat bisday Cotut, bythe dntiee atfriendsaadaatrvaaaialenat aiaayIt baa need of aUparagraphsofpoUtlcalorderin Enrape is, thereroie, clearlytlie great aUtcaman. It co«t«Ia* aoany naefol ence ha let Ihn thing go by. Bui since Mr. Lsiaa pubUcmorals, human Inteteau. social waout H >w mcni, theBoaeessfonof Rome, rioh la ae aaaarmanAatUraa>wbatniayheadvBBtageouatetha Ckaieh.tolo Ita augoat head tbe aecnrlty aadaaau'earhlehAbroxil. loreMto meatdangersathome, a ainiMlc It weald Incur the riaxla-g|)C y<tD-|y>rft gjmtg, McttboQ, lantmrg 9, 1860.PS--al prWedsUteBMnt."thatLanaHmrwaattearigt-rabordlBate.RaaeIsthecentraofamoralpavertheSteaofCantralHai.r..ThoaM—ala llOiatwfllbriac hack be Beaaaaa aadar (ha Pa- palaotaoQBivcraal for H not to he la the lntercat<of all• aepaialtaft hetaantaofrctrttatlalHlthheeBniiaarrttaaoorfaa//aaisttaiiinltTbrta la imi <^ •uaaloTHaroldSUispolekBleatUmut." Thewftterof these Itaes b the anthor of Ihat book. Tbe aUte-mentcamefiamAnertea. I liardiaraireetiothat bleontheaactedrockwblak•tiaaiaapowercan tbelMeiesfsoftberapMT. AawahavealnBhtTi^-wua i«ahUeeaghlleaakefhaasaa. '^""' paAapa,orettbrew.Tbe neretalty of the tanniporal power oftha Pope InMcgji^,"y-rtog«derad«S!St TheLoadea BwvratentliflW pMue Bind, wUchAoea notdlawGovetnaaenta aad aO tbat It aboaJd no' la- ptortiaIs theto he natored t« theid.ugrbaoandaedartoand deeUlona of tbe Ute Mr. Gxoaai Rosa, for lantic newspapers more surprisingly destitute ofl tahde proved. But what Is this power ui liaetf! How C4a Thna, It Is not our task here to atody fte tnterests prudcsce it eenU oonmltlo Ihoaf tphrejudice of order, •he RoatapgenrafoanbaoualadybopIollbUeearledaaltoinead, lo hitaah.anTnaaI t> e doable of Tieweftand byof a reTf>luiloa. It wooH tie Ihe greatest act ofthey and to the prejndiee Holy See. I r allelshleea ye»r» Secretary to tbe Treaaary under wildest lunatics. For reasons bom of Una experi- corclled withauadiocrointvye,ntlanal upon dogtmoaua,led on havpeotpoulatiotnhsemseivea Raonomtahgenraf.orm orftIgaJtovem- the eelsepmeecniatlsloyf rerohilionaryoombaatloata the Pen- Pope cannot be asubjeclof any oae, aadlheiafosahafoundation In truth than the wildest delusions the Catholic founded tie rs- of tbe of tbe tberulingtboogbt, therefore, he was advancing no very high jesty's Government are endeavoring to come to some ligious men can desire. passions, of ifiterest«, |Of novelties which are pro- cidePotpherwEiuseroipne, to It, 1860, mayopialoA was almost always in favor of peace;enough for us If there is a reaaoaable probabO^r that the two great European Towera win be foaad arranged side by side in defence of fike rights of the Italian people, and that Proteatant England wfll fad a hearty and efficient support in the Empetv of Catholic France."The Pott Mormiigwbo for his own seUsh ends should be the to usethedisputed;fast to "cry havoc, and let allp the dogs of war." fint the next greatei't sjn to such an act would be that of a man wbo rhoulo leave a people eutirely uo- prepafed to lesist oggrci^sivc war. Cllear, bear.] It was because that tbey wbo sat there were devoted to the arts and. ways ot peace, and b6caui>e they ezbltnnearerto than family authorityJbatVienna, the majority of which Were representativesratulaled them upon the manly and nauonal spirit whteh waa stirring amongst them as well as among oof prolessed dtfendeis by sea and land. [Loudand America. fnm tke London Timet.respect commands, andj There existsno that hasthe which It gives to those to wtiom lire- that It is not so. Since the trestles of 1615 tbat history. Jeiritary undergoae happiness por- more and vicisaitadea than tile of"bringwhich befrom all the ordinary condlilong of power—that is to Bologna. Ancona and Ravenna, separated from Rome placed under the authority of the Pope, the Powers We leave others to eavU on forma aad cereaoafaa ;Cbargi fAJfairesof com- army,of laws or a court of justice. It la a distinct system,Pope throning at Rome, histor If it were now denied to be competentexertion to mercial dealings,promotesecurityeverythe of Congressabout a termination of the present de- eesary;Your representations, a* expressed in your oreseatI have the honor to be, gentlemen,Vour most obedient, bumble servant,J. RUSSELL. Messrs. N. M. Ri>thschu.d ii Sosa, and others.and which approachesto the government of a people. Under this system theof. of schismatic Powers, bad no to ofWe have recently referredtbat have been made for the conveyance of mallsHence It in our naturally ensues,to thearrangements be-was contended for ri- bycheera.] We. Eoglisbinen, uttered no defiance, nobnggart boaa't, against any nalloa on the face of the tween Great Britain and the United States the have more or fewer subjects, more or less territi>ry. on tbe Alps, It was at Its retreat which occasionedEmpire, till the reign of L«i;is Xil.earth, bot wished quietly to keep our own:by Queens-and withthe blcfalng of Heaven, which helped those who townbalpedtbeouelves, they would. moat assuredly do it. follow with France In the many would speedilypoaitlon in Rome. It Is dated the lOlh of1Canadian line of mall steamers.whicb ;call atand to the probability that Belgium and Ger-were annexed to the Roman Statea by Louis dx (^kzagJ,. Finally, in 1796, a Pope, Pious VL, signed at Tolen- tino a treaty that ceded to France, in forhim and bis successora, Ferrara, aud the Bologna,Romsgna. Tbe Pope equally renounced any rights be have over the cities and territoriesadop--[Load cheers.] The plain meaning of the rif1e.mave- tion of this route for their correspondence. Last him to act a (lolltlcal part, for then the Pontiffjmstead is on incontrovertible evidence. T"I amhappyto aay that the Holy Father lameat waa but the revival ot tbe old brave spirit of our iorefatliers, anu a proof that kil wbo bad a stake Inand wbo tbut bad Uio In it had not ?— ware ready, if otusaslou required, to fight and die in Ita deCance. [Loud cheers } With these feelings and be iett happy In proposing an alteration ofof in tills findingof anBy restoring the Romagna to the Holy Fathier Itperpetuity,andisfor the| sympathytheoooatry—dence,himself or a necessity of servitude for his people.and devotedto bis behests subjects, ready otxy: the toast of tbe evening "respondence with the United States by the Cana-dian route as well as by the Cunard steamers. At thereplaced formerly Pagan era,which was the Pope in the Treaty of Tolentino.Proeperity to the Com- mercial Tiaveleis' School." He was told [he saiUj it was once said by a lady wbo kept a commercial boatding-housc in the neighborbo<xl of tbe Monu- ment, named Mis. Todgers—(loud laughter]—that no eaeh strong passion existed in the human breast as that of commercial genilrmen for grav>-. [Continued laughter.] He said, iHfacT, that no animal known to htttcliera or ezperieiiced bousekee[>ers would yield from any of its joints the amount of gravy that was «^ed for by the peculiarity of tne commercial palate. (Renewed laughter.] Tiie anxiety, and mcatai anxi- ety,tbatthismostc&uuiablcladyhadundergonefrom this single 'cause was suthclent to undermine the Uorgest constimtion. [Great laughter.] With thisworld. her all theHome, grandeurfected thisannexation,only recognized bythe as some moment, youand respoDSibUlties heavy on his Is an authorized announcement in tbe London IltrtM cool, he was tbronn into a gloomy state of feeling (the organ of the Conservative party, that a completebe oone ? is it good counsel ?bylady's expeiienccwhen the duties and responsibilities of this andher prestige; Rome, with a tribune, orators, wrltciis, a secular government, and a Prince at the Vatican,tbe Congress shontd take place aftertbe commence- interests as.d the general necessities of policy Impose ment of ihe Russian New Year, (Jan. 13) as he arlBweek Hon. SrniiaT SarrH, Postmaster-General of Canada, accompanied by Mr. CKiryiir, of the Cana- dian Post-otfice, and Sir Ccs.vcx Rossv, proceeded to Brussels where, by the introduction of Lord HoWASn DI Waidek, the British Ambassador, tbey were Irnme- dlately put into communication with Mr. Masin, thepower.a guaranteeindepen-ly well,very gratefulunder. What would the Church gainSlnIlwoorsd,s in tbe UBUai toast, and should give ttiem Director-General of the Belgian Post-office. There to the Rlory of Cod. In that comer of earth. Ulu.s- would be obliged to see unfaithful sons In rebelliousit Is for him a moment ofety, yet he bears bis troubles with tbe greatest realg-Rome was never more than it ia at thie quietand if were here woold not aee yon aa^••TlM Army, Navj-, and Volunteers." {Loud cheers.] Tbe Cbalnnitn again rose, and prwecdcd to givethe subiects, and to excommunicate those It ought to of strike. To assert its sovereignty It would perhaps rcs*dmed within have to renounce Its noblest title—that of Mother. This la not w^at it desires. This Is not what the Bishops and Catholics desire. A resumption of poe- EC'sion acquired at such sacri£cee would be a dis- the whole German Postal ter in the spiritual order, and she styles herself "the aster, and not a triumph. For some 100,000 inhabit- and the arts also ants restored to tbe temporal sway of the Pope, it form a Those who live at under would give a blow to his spiritual authority fromaad oae ra- everyia little doubt that Belgium will forward its cor- trated by the grandestreminiscences ofandAssembly ef- marks bow cbeerfiil he ia in the midat of bla aaffar-Berlin tbe deputation has been received by M. Von der Heydt, the Minister of the Interior, and ncgotia-has an domination shenow in teriahnation,Germany. Austria, Bavaria. Saxony, and the South) toadoptthenewarrangements. Asemi-weeklvmall and passenger communication will thus be established between a large portion of Europe and the whole of the American continent throughout the year.tloniprogress,if come to a successful theythat not be touched—in which case the sov- mayover the of Vaucluse to ereignty department oughtcausewillLeague (Including Prussia, the Northern States ofbe restored to tbe Pope—or else the territory is, like all liable to and then it is i>ermlttedFather but I entertain a confident ;dogmaslegislator,are thedefence of the GovemmenL Theattachment of Its population, as It belongs to him by Pope.It be said,quesUoaaPopei:onlylies less in its strength than In Its weaknesspo#erthat theperhaps, territorytbe new poaitlon assignedEternal CityReUgioo, souvenirs,of tne Head of the Church, are doubt- which tbe protection of God and the wisdom of Eu-hopeCen- which he knew would be expected that In the event of the Ministerial Reform bill being manaing souls. The Roman Senate has no other tral Italy, and to reconcile the populations with theirtheble, like the truths it represents and the doctrine it tfscbes. As to tbe temporal authority allied to the other. It, by a superior principle, nece's.-'arily remalas sutjected to all the conditions ot human things. ItohumanSraovmy the head of tbe table, aud his sorrows or to tbe Constitution, Wfcre aiigravated by his own personal knowledge of postponed, proving unacceptablecompensation worthyof it but the Vatican. V.former Governments. It has not succeded, and ita In- fluence failed before the Impossible. There remains, il.en.butonemeans—force.It is force only w hich can restore the Romagna toal party, the bill that is to be published In this maga- small comfort to him to remember that the last time zine will be immediately brought before the House oftheinadequacyofthesupply. [Cheers.] itwasveryhe had -tbe honor to fill that place the puests were Commons.History, religion, politics, justify then completely aendow with a divinity that whichmostkindandconsiderate. Hecouldnotbanishtheshadow of rixf^cis, orget rid of tne liorrors of [hatlaoy'sgravycxpeilemes. Inshorthewasdreadfullyperplexed to know how he should cut up on the pres-ent occasion. [Laughter.] In this disturbed state of throughout Uie cotintry.Kind he made several forlorn attempts toget materials The steamship Grrat Britain was spoken " all nations, without, however, sacrificing them, and giv- especially for the Pontifical Government. Restorafor a speech. He looked througn the advertisingpagesas 14th which ing them guarantees of welfare and social protection. tions effected by foreign arras have never been suc-time. [Great laughter.] He then started off by express commenced foras tke Image of the Government of the Church. ItisaPontificate,aadnotaDictatorship. Thelarge tracesherdestiny. SheIsdestinedbyberpastgreat-What is to be done in the actual position of affairs jorityhave expressed Ihemselvea favorable to Dm ad-pocelbllltybeblownout. [lor the inconvenience of that Intervention, alreadybeIHguucliti,with commeiclal travellers, and whether any analogy eouldbedrawnbetweenmenwhodltfusedthe luxu- ries aid necfsraries of existence, and such travelers as Dr. LiviNGbtoKE, for instanoe, who carried thesarywould be the moral ruin of the authority of tiie Sove-Pope,heregrandany assistance from these sources, he resoivea, like the hero in the fairy tale, to go out and seek his for- tune. Heresortedtoaecriaiafriendlygiant,acom- mercial giant, with whom be Jrsvded on until he came to a lairy castle ,.brlght red on the outside, and looking quite glorious in the cold sunlliiht of a win- try aftetnoon. They were not received by the con-of the Pope:dogmas which he represents is the law of consciences.In this noacner a doublebemaintaiiied. Ontheonehand,thePopewillfind in the tribute of the Catholic Powers a new proof of theuniveisalitr and unity of the moral power which he exercises;establishing the ancient legiUmacT by tbe aid of a new Invasion.Asregardscompellingpeoples,Franceisnotused to such work. W hen she meddled in their affairs it>.^j atock and ectabJes of the castle, mainly consisting ofwith temporal powerbe ruled less by a king than by a father, and whose rights will be goaranteed rather by tbe heart of the sovereign than by the authority of^the laws aad-lnsti-more ao tlian in any other COtWtry, Prance aolidation is abaoiutely connected with theJ,•'lually the rights of peoples and the interests of re- pal ligion, jiroitst-s ai:ain»t that aiitaKoniamto which theyhistory.LordPiiiiiBSTO!!hadbeenmakingpublicspeec^e<Inwhichhehighlyeulogizedthevolunteermovement atBorneandpossessingaliniitedterritory. Tosat-merly Ambassador of France to Turin, as the aeeoad French plenipotentiary at the Congress, gave gieac satisfaction to the friends of Italy.peach the competence of the Congress, and fetterits freedom of action, are, therefore, valueless. Eu- Govemmfnt had, by telegrapli, informed the Poweraand the enthusiasm with which it had been receivedisfy so high an interest It is fully permitted to with-draw some hundred thousand souls from the life of would be the most fatal step for the Governments,progressof Bradshasv—[loud lauguterj—and asked him-selfwhetheranythingcouldbedonewiththosein-Yitlng advertisements of hotels, in whioii was o0ered off the Western Islands was a base hoax.^ fixed charges, bed, breakfa.st and atltniance, with A startling case of scandal had been brought tothe additional advanta^ics of a perfect soUiuie and anItalian atmosphere. Il.au(thter.] He asked himself light.despondlngly the question whether anytbiag ipnpot liament, had eloped with one of the family domestics.could be got out of tbe unfortunate porter, who sat Tbe lady is possessed of a fortune of half a millionop all night, and who never went to bed ia the day sterling In ner own right. Proceedings had been therefore, upon the temporal Government of the Popero] e, which In 1815 could sacrifice Italy, can In IS60theyjbave always hau to pay the penalty of emancipate and save her. The right of^ acting Is the concerned that tbe ojieningwell" as late the December, strengthen.-^ The Government of the Po^e must bo pttemal in Its the coBviction that the report of her having foundered adminlhlratlon, as Ills by its nature. He who callsof tbe before the I9th of January.The wife of Mr. J. H. Member of Par- Guxsir,a divorce.Mr. W. H. Wisn, of Auburn, N. Y., hadbeengivobtainingmission of of Switzerland at the Plenipotentiariestrainofremembrancestoanotherandmuchlargerhotel at Leeds, where be happened to be stayingalrant seven weeks before, where the chamber appur-tenances belonged to a period far anterior to tbe pres- Commodore-Superintendent, with his improvements he can maintain himself In a sphere far above thetoconciliateInierersthatappearirreconiUlable!Two extreme parties are opposed to each other- the of theent, and wheie tbe night candles were nothing less than mutton tiuncheoLS of the most exaggerated di. mensionfr—[roars of laughter]—and could'nt by anyGreat laughter.] He saw ceedingly satisfactory.uk that hotel many members of the present company The deatiis of Lord Houixs and of the Eari ofnext BiorotBg brushing their hats in tbe hall, and ihen CAHFCiuiowa are annotinccd. It occnrred to him whether anything could be donemanagement of affairs. A member of the Italian Confederation, he is protected by the Federal army. A Pontifical army ought not to be more than an em- blem of pel feet order. When enemies are to beought, either at home or abroad, it is not the head of f"Church to draw the sword. Blood shed in fata narho seems an insult to divine mercy, which he re-when he raises iil3 hand it ought to be toeverytlilng, other to give him all. They are two hypothesesing experiments at Woolwich dockyard, before theone wishes to deprive Popeequally inadmissible, and both, though radlcallj con-on his "Ocean Marine Telegraph." The Improve- ments were admitted by the Commodore to be ex-which is for Rome also possible for the necessarytrary to each other, would have thesame result forTHE EUROPE.IK COXGRE88.presehls Bless,ab<notTHE POPE AND THE CONGRESS.or Capt. M'Cuktock A sem-ori'iciAi. dkclakation of the jresch the subjects of the Pontifical Government, The Popeandto reign by force.let us stillgo further,with tbia restoration by Would it be Austria!Franceshe would neverat the moral power of Catholicism. A liberal nation,waters o life into desert placesand his compaLions, who graved the records of Eng-lish modesty, gallantry, and perseverance on the ever-lasting ice that surrounded the North Pole. [Cheers.)He remembered that the best and greatest of thesetravelers had been tbe gentlest and mildest of men.He asked if be could make any parallel between bisfriend Mr. Lit.\eb, whobroughtto Ucht the bidden mc-zsorlalsof a long extinct people, andGxo. Moons, whoaat beside him, who had so splendidlycbarilablecapabliiliesof a great trade. Not getting taken by Europe with regard to the temporal power is recognised and respected everywhere wnere theand ask who will be;charged Would it be France ?developedtbeappear to us as dangerousfor It as would be feriavlolahiliiytablL, ai.d fcU iha'. if ii were his good fortune tense or the other. Thisto tbe cannotthat thirgf. Well, It Is Importanthonor of all tbat It should not be attackeilatitiition it has received frommtbe con-port possesses excellent sncborage ground,to renii'o then:, be >k'jiiM Lorespects that narrow circle it willprincespcrpttiia'.ly maki.ng pleasant exrursior.'--nii'.:nilenug aiuongat 'jccl. plum puddii!?, liirlled n-.-.i'.lon, with cold racatoiganitation. Beyondnave no other resource tlian coateraplatton, the at is, the study of ri,dus (la r^tUure det ruinct) and prayer.timeandPowers have theas »n exceptional morlincatlon.(Laughter.)He arcseemingly exposed by abt<olute-mlnd<><l men start-will be forever noble He disinherited of thatagainst foreign occupation,found therein one hundred male and ty fiiportionof Abyssinia: moreover, it eommaads the Adea can- route. The cession of tbis port to France la aald Isfemale giants, receiving betl.let their crealuie comforts sriof which In is the stimulus of activity every oountry; it wouldnot be equitable tbat the necessary exi>en&es to maintain The following pamphlet is from the pen of M. the solendor which appertains to the maienty of the head of the Church should be supported by the popu- lations of his States. It is for the Catholic Powers to provide the means which concern *Jiem all by a large tribute paid to the Holy Father. His budget wlU thus not be exclusively Roman, aud wiU be international, like his authority, which in a religious point of viewWe wish. In a true CathoIIe spirit, to study a ques- tion which has imprudently became Impassioaed.pUeatloB,lately ceded"Tbe port of Zonlla, onthe eoaat of"and, on the other, he will not be obligedUnder Louis XVI. we went to the New World to helpmayIt Is the task of the Congress to eSiect tbia tr&nsfor- ancient Bmea. The o-'S-ft o( Habesch is that part ofa speaksubject where conscience and reasonauthority. Betweenthosewho,Qblan Principalities are indebted toeal existence.politi-become to consoUdateDie temporal necessaryseaioard which extenda fromrCapa Nose to the Straits of Bab-el-Mandeb, Cape fAse It- self being fituaied at the boundary of Upper Bupt oslte Ihe isle of Emcalde, of which the Viceroy ofthevokehis fall, and those who,of thePope, loudly la-Inis bound toFrance has carefully avoided encouraging and recog-detestingItsly,Aa a end divine iDstilutlon, temporalnOk and pork, a broad Hlght of stone steps led to aBOble'ldtertor, consisting of cheerful and lofty halls,with layatoiles, dormitories, and a spacious ban- as an article of faith, will not allow It to be tonched, tutions. Tbia people will have bo natioaal repreaen- nizing the Governments de facto in Central Italy queting-room. He fuimd an admirable dietary there la a place for a less ezclnalve opinion In ome tatioai, no array, no press, ao maglatracy. Tbe wholeof Europe.DPIyoung ing from opposite points, and who clash in athe indeijendence of the peninsula.excellent educaiion, snj saw (rom the examination resistance. V.e sincerely believe that it l« not Impos- of the mind of characters. superiorBologna, of rium cf the woiM. This great cause, therefore,have been made in strict conformity with eatabliabed useftee."A ficou'i hostile meeting has taken place betweea :I:c Mart^uis j>z Giursxr and Count nr Laraisnw. Aa on t^e former occasion, the combatants fought with swoid.i. Both being perfect masters of their weapon, nearly half an hour passed over before either party could succeed in inflicting a » our.d on his adversary.Undertbe gov- ernment of the Sovereign Pontiff there can be no as- piration either to the glory of the soldier or the tri- leges of ereaier fame and more ancient foundation. authority which rcitjc;; in the name of God. If tids umphs of tbe orator or of the statesman. It will beand at Floience, is, then, not so much the authoritywe koow no cause of those who arc c.Uedpsperi* that an avuintlun was paid to the actual busi- ness of lile which w.as lomc^imes neslecfcd In col-sible for the Sovereign Pontiff to reUIn his patrimony without Imposing by force upon the por iilatl:>ns ani.ol t e indifferent to any oi;e more worthy of tbe arbitration onto judge It.andThe yonng giants were healthy, cheerful, and ration-conciliation could be effected i; great tri- would he aof and peaceif w&at of tbe national seitlment A) long oppressed could not be reestablished under the guarantee of reforms which haa been promised.Of w bat avail are any Illusions !al, and were underWBS far better than that spplicatlon of physical forcewhich always cni>hed a timid nature and ne^er bent««tabborncne. (Loudchfers.) He met thepc young First of all. Is the temporal power of the Plpo nec- Doublle.M there is in this exceptional condition Injllants letummg 1 1walk,betothem, andcf for the exercise o( saryforambitions to ^cive and raise themselves by merit, and;ery genllem.,,, Esalneoancabnya,pp,ou,.t^..ihel^oa^if w«Mfro.Ti thenrennndtrance of the Lni|ieror of Germany. Even irnd.andof placing the Head of the Church lu aofVillafranca. ForAustriatoItaly}thla1 Tiiii] 1.1.: ':.: •* jfci "-at thesunivedtheevents. Thehead<ftheChurchIs.. f vstem of moral restraint wiilchumph for politics and for the Cliurcli. be the lesult, the attempt Is noble.Waaievermaypassionsand intereats of will |x>liticshas fallen from the reactiono:ii a•was much plen.-ed ni!h their free and fearless modemenwbo feelaay grav-could not fail t. ^^jPSr.thattbey "eco^iej.i be «n See.representativett-nditigofThe acconnts fromfhe>ill»en as tbey passed llu- !<4"oUfamiliarfaces." Hehopedit w„u case when a eommerclal traveleroid ua leavaItaly tc herself, and respect the «over.rignty wi! have I'aly. Gtxl I'.as blessed his enterprise, aad h.»s slven^niUwoSS^irof responsibili'leiThisresult .>f our campiian, cuiise^raledtiue>t;on is rot that of diminishing the patrimony of St. Peter, but of saving It..the Papacyas.-^hore w her* his spiritual authority can neither beby the peaceto Florei.re, to Parma, or to 3olo)in«.aud compelledIn great disorder.cansed by grspeshot aaa^-^^^01 owmorAer would follow ii,a-*al travelers, TMd, belny u.,i:co.;,TaS^^rtmOTatprotent day those historl''al dtnomiiiation.scessary loLet us rrndcr justice toherhad filty-one wounded,iIh nr,'T,7.i;^ this society, and help these poor child-.." -"-??? 5^jweiahisown. WilliawarmcompllmenVto'thiiElves, that is to say, to acknowledge only the pen££.tloi. tty a paternal and economical administra-but his g'ory wcalJ be sterile if, restored to her, toof the ISthSpaniardaof and the head -f^haaitd " ^managementInterestsAustria to armed intervanUou, which we do tot admit for ourselves. -.. ,.„^FranceThe Emperor H.-.y^iMds 1., by the concordat Rome, reconciled a new society and tiic fsilli.tbe gealus of a statesman and the couscletice of an•!*Asconeequenca of this demooatratloa, another qnes-theaoUHal tionofwldchweiinagii.tw'il becomeeasierattbe mratofIhetemporalpowerofthePopelatheRo- honaatman,beraisedtJiealUrandmastc^. he »: Prosperity to the Commercial Travelers'lU."Ur. IMekeaa ea I<elgh Haauright ofjj,. twi'^'JIrtd thespokehis siriritual power ? Tiic Catholic doctrine and political reason here agree iusomething palr.iulwithin tlicm noblemore. By turninginflicting«MUeooat £iO,0o6,Mi<i that Ihemoney had all above all human ijeenpaldprotectionC««in«t, 12 ;>,„„i»«f<ii,>^£shacsleu tior compromised by hjs polltfiai authorityhonestyarnveaMl tit Vtor Sound.oi^ ipTWta hfa Um wtitaror.theae Unaato toioe to Ihe pepolaiioB wheal ahe na«:U iU eoiapeiproceed *^5T,EMr«jVBtrloJ^k^nsIt ia Miuallr impoftaat for Cog-The Romagna has bean separated ieftett (or someWUt* a»Luia, likTOe"^'"f*'incrras'np ll;c nnmher of bis subjects, of aecessit>JL the population of these States tutis de- cur honor prohibits :it was necessary to save tixe Papacy lo emaicipaUngPilty ef God. Whenever they made their au- tion. Such is, in a few words, th« substance of what bow to conciliate its rights with the eq.illlbrinm of giving Its nsti,->nality to it people,the soldiers. TheoampWith rains.ttrCrouonatdl»B«gE;»o,ooenJtdrajawleeroaa lo"fnnd»'5 g „political pointnecessary interests,Moreover, if the •uhjcctsof the Po[ie are deprived ofgive^ ho isthe wi rid, is himself constantly threatened with are»»>Iution. He, ihe augn.st representative of the 40: Copricicuc, 32 1 Airalogiu, ft : 6-T<mde, fi: Hone,a political existence, they will be iivlemniuea, on the Whtehthey were wonderf^illy well prepared. He made Power, aad that the august hand which sways the other hand, by a most paternal Government, by theNoW tbil fahy castle was their own home, and was versal Pontiff. The Holy See would be notniag more lljftal tributes (laid by the Catiiolic Powers of B:- known to them as the f'ouimercinl Travelers' Schoi)). than the stay of a throne at Paris, Vlcnni, or Ma>iriil. rope. I'hese considerations have surely some value, Ji'.ore solid in brick and stone than tine fanciful erea- It was so at a former per ic-i, and a suc^Ciis-tr ol and, afer a;i. under euch a avstem, with such ail- tlon In the fairy tale, the commercial travelers, In en- St. Putcr bad the mlsfortui,e to allow his aiitiior- vabttipr-i, anti with the chance of having ^reat Popesaucij aa history records, itwill alwiys i»e an honor todivesluig u aa much as poss'blepeace resume in the PeamsUa Ihe don.lnatlon she cannot reiy on the love and., respect of his people. carries 8 guns.exercised on 'he eve 'of her dfefcat! MnicatB and It is a ceplorable LosilJo'n that only blindness and The Paris Bourse ffli the '225 was heavy and lower, ^nllerino should beeiinii'y t/opMesof ciLt.miHjraiie- Imprudence can wish to prolong, but which enllgkt- but on the 2Sti there waa a return, of Hrmaeaa, ana pus histoiy ' Should our soldiers hare slieJ tii«ir ered and respectful attachment requires should be Rentes closed at 7,50.cowiujf ihat school, were rutsed in their own *"ity to be absorGe'd in the "Frenca heroism be s'.erilj !chsngtd as soon as possible. The change Is bothGermanit" "tlmatlon of their fellow-mftn. [Hoar, Europe was deeply shaken by It, and that dis- - hear.] To this castle all who heard hlih couW ac- turbance of its moral and political cqtiili^iium— civislor vainblood glory!5"qu re right ar.d •uie by Ihn UTTMMl «f aNo. noopinion'Holylaeted for nearly three cenhirie.". The ?tru-'t:I<' be- twaan Guclph and Ghlbeillne wa? In reality uo'hing•laabutauelturttot^mancipate!n,'.u,nbentupongovem-were repul.-«d energeUcall)eaasotbewidtoutahaUngnaaaa. aad sbe eannut allow Aastria to have recoo mala thia nobleFrance,humiliatedbythesceptt^m,"P"^ f?Li2L8 SS^^SIrtln lie expedittea.1nect ssltr,to of acnieve this,restricting lastcad of ex- scl'Sediininlshtag rather than FranceprelendIt, a.-.dlooking tiponthatpowerhasnal aaa iicniicalinttitutionlt Zoullaand calamltlea that lmj«nJ over aU huaian said lo lieiiial's superioropinion,:whichbut sh» ihftcCovetnmcnissprang,ntolifethedayfornei Austria re-not be subservient toanyIX.But, if Frarce cannot Inter-ene, let ber allow Ais-Guclph or as he is con- Ghilielline. accordi:)gd a pnriiesn of Anstria or theShe does nottime what our principles Imposeof nauoDality and of the IndepenCence of tkehistrrritury, andofq»""^ bad been dispatched to the armyAllthe great were Popesus. Ourprinciples.Africa ha the Madrid joaraalstbe condlli.n of their1 .' liteadvantitsesof apolitical ezlstence.com-are eonstrocwbe-glory was to >tlongto privedsubservient to theA tbe true principle of their autherity. The pages.Gu^phs,givingreligiondoes not remainexclusivelyat thecharge oftural As lor this territory itself, tbefor the Prince Imperial,X3IPEP.0B. is the spiritual sovereign of all his flockforce f But she cannot do Itthe Forest of Blols and Boulognearc la to.bejoiaedIE LA GcxuioMxaa, author of the pamphlet Naf»- Ut* 111. et Vltalie, and is received by politicians as the declaration of the policy of the Emperor Niro- iios on the vexed question of the right course to beconsent to strike so serioue a^lowautnorlty, may gtvemustbeleftiawhich tbey raise agalast tne InsDla iMve bitberio beea kept under. It must be at-idelUhta 10 the party history of the times, Hcirr's death ih<- sia'emeat has been levlved in Eng- can the Pope be at the aaiae time Pantir and Kiag ! Pontifical Adaitntslratlan, Uie aJneerily, nora or lesa tributed to Ihe paaatreatdtMa ofthe different fsctisas, pilgrimage, tbe aad ttiathosecharms of manner which are remembered In the bead of theRing of Naplea, championIke seems to reteho thisCongTtit,Ihe propoaltlaa. Ta al weseelitUeobjectloa. WehareBoWtatftoat«- edited by Rev. LsTisoa HAacocat, sod of the late voitla we have qaoted, weia remeaabeied by Kiencp ? Such ia the problem to be solved. Douot- Church, or the authority of lis bead, that tbe Aoraagna ty of peoples. Civil war would have to decide, and promise tbe established goremacat <f the Ram^ Archbishop of York, and father of the princi- the author of the work of fiction In questioa whed less, tile problem is dUEcolt. There is In some should be 'restored to the patrlnaoay of the Holy anarchy would fataUy be tbe last wont of aodlaaa- Catholic Church, pruvlded that the flofrramoata^Gioasi the Thlnt of bigoted memory. It liand editor of the Saturdaf Re- hedrewthe"chaiacter In question. Aooreallother measureaotagoolsmbetweentbePrinceandthePon- FatherT ThisIsailtiiatwehave10exaaalBa.pui Kiofthe liber-rualDlained without vloleace to the Naplea ButpirtoIdsuncoe! ofmtnklDd. Were the plan wa _.= ,..„niiiitaiaB~a?BaK-M(tpal ptoprietor that sort of and ostentatiousVMW. The Inveteiate prejudices of the terer- itnhitnbges, ofagay whichhad wilfualnteismse" HITronFixindedistbesamepersoelflcatloo. TbePohqe-Piedmont, the eState,protects freedomof c«b- Is Itadvisable, yeaorao,<br thegloryKtagvfupwboef tbeTIL TheRomania,despitetheoeaateaaaadeofItbythestand tbeH»mi ralntlona and connections are more than aus- cieature, than he has hlmaelf ever thought of charg- dea ao diverse. It la neither by monarchy nor by lib- soverslgaty.paeted of being actlrely engaged in lotrlgoea to drlre ing the bIood.of Deadeouna aod Othello on the Inno- erty that tbis end ean be obtained. The power of the Bot are the Papacy and Bellgton intereaied la thiatheFoRignSecretaryaudthemoreliberalmembers centAcadcn^modelwbosalforlago'slegInthepic- Popecanonlybeapaternalpower; hemustrather c'atm? Hereconscieocehesitates,andItaaeatlment ThereisonlyoneInterventiontbateaaberegolar, GreatBritainrememberthaifuaptbpoaKUhddhaaat of tlwexlsUng Cabinet to break with the rest of their ture. EvenSf to the aaere oecaslooal manaer he rrt<'mble a ramlly than a State. Thus, not only is it disagrees with the rigorous brterpretalioa of legal eOcacioas, and Icgiitmale—It la that of the whole of come from heretical gaglaad, not froaa ortheCacordertomakewayforLordCuusnen, Xord Can, and other faToiltea of the Cooit.meant to be so cautious aad that he pri- ccns^atlousnot necessary that his territory should be of larxe ex-Is the wbioh is a legitiwate pos- Romagaa,Uiey tpqaunl modification of territory V^e us for enlerHiaiag yiews wtUi aM fbATIcit as-^oUaague'uinriglii.session of the Holy See, a neeeaaary exteaaioB of blathataffect the revision of treaties.'uie of Intematioaal law. For tlie principlesDetfiiaayaOv waaiber la Inleately oold lad fcarsh. We haveliteraryautboiityand security Tbringpowervately re(ened tbe proof-tbeeta of the Irat aomber efthat book to two intimateHnT (both elUl living) and >IU-red the whole of tbat gart of the text on their discovering too strong a re- •emblance to " his way."? Does ItGxsTiEHis:lamfullyto revolt The world will advance and leave bin be-Tbe cesaicB of Lombardy lo France, who ceded it to Sardinia, was a special act of tbe will ofFosxiaaOmoa,must either himself to or rise even resign liamoblllty,retain the except byof aad ia foreign arms,ical existence of and its territorial divisions. Italytent, but we think thatit Isvery easeniiaittaat Itaboold friends of Liioa be limited. The smaller the territory, the graalartionsTbe ooBpetence of aa Enropean Congress is estab-Boat Taloable and Important charity took place yes-tetday erening, at tbe London Tarem, and was moat the present position of affairs In Mexico must inflict hind. Thea of two things, one will happen—either to make Ibem submit; Itwill be tbe Sovenlgn.In fact, a great State Implies certain reqalrementa(.exigmctt) which it is Impossible for the Pope toIf ItTbe pamphlet on the' u '—•-satisfy. A great State would like to follow up thetnmmuT mt tke CeBasereial TraTelen' Subjoined is the reply of Ijord JoHa Rossill, vantai^e of the transformation of the age, of the con- would be dlrnlnlahed, bat his Dobtlcal aatfaorlty, dla- vcntloaal right. Praetice lain acoordanoe with tin will and she wfll aotjet bat little aoowdoubtof all good Catholics.lished bybnt tbe wise ones prog- aa onnnially lereie Winter.;ofBpeceh ef Mr. Chariea Dlekean at the AanaaleehMl.'Frmm lit Londtn. Newt, Dec. 22.The aiinaal dinaer in aid of the funds of thisfere.;laws that bind tbe people of different natlona, as well We ourselves are of the opinion that tbe aepamtioB as those which are obligatory on the citlzana of tkereatorlng approved bySotaipMlea lathe conftdeace aad re-BumerouBly and respectably attended. The dinner upon all merchants interes'ed In tbe trade of that everything will be exdngtilshed In that people, aad spect which he inspires, and which relieve him from Austria, which did not affect the organization of the with sailafaction that France ia tine to the pilar Ipleawas excellent and abundant, and all the arraagements country. Instructions have been repeatedly glTea Bathing will lemain In It of tbe generous activity of having recourse to extreme measures of rigor and Independent Stales of Italy aa they were constituted which she profesaed al the outset of the late war.to the and property of the Brititfa sub- ete satisfaction. The chair was taken by protect personsofpublic life, or else tbe nobis aspirations aatlonallty constraint, bad for all governments, but especially ao at tbe CoDgreaa of Vienna, To alter the frontiers of Tbe Paris CinufiAituifms;, In an artiele fIgBad bfwill burst through, and It will become neeeaaary, m fur a prince wbo reigns goepal in band.)ase comp jects residing, in Mexico, and Her H»itf^'s CktrgeCHaaua Dicaasa, Esq., aupported by Gsoxgx Mooss, d'il^oirss Is active and zealous In carr)iog those in-Xm., the Sherlfis, Messrs. Paiuira and Gasiioasx, structions Into effect. But unhappily a civil war ply tbe deficiencies of moral anthority. The tem- to tbe greatness of the Sovereign Pontiff, tbe square Powers whroegwuelraetedwe have witnessed for material force to already,What mattersbe beloved and venerated ? Are not bis benedic-thoee States requires a referer,ce to the same jurisdic-its principal editor, approves In general Ibe <tbeJUdeimaa Mxchi, and others. About 200 gentlemen rages in that country between two parties, who, only poral power of the Pope unaer these conditions can- miles comprised In his States 1 Does he want spaee This Is what has been done the reservation in- combat some of tbe propodllans made by the aaat down to dinner. After dinner.The chairman (Mr. Dicxass) harlDg glren the usualintent upon destroying their adversaries, have very little respect for the rules ofjustice or the safety of property.French military ocmipation—a painful resourcebyserted in the I»th article of the treaty of Z'lrich, theloyal toasts, which were duly hoooreU, called for a It Is diCBcult to say which is the de facto Govern- strength and putillc confidence issimplybumper far tl>e army and nary. He nld they were ment, and while Great Britain and France acknow- tion, is but in expedient. The Church, far from find- many, that Is not the queatlon;what Is essential Is TbeCongressof Paris has full tbat tbe Emperor of tbe Franeb haa far power to alter what probablesup-not maintain nnlen an Austrian or to Itself, protected byit, then, to tbepreatige, todignity,tion tbatthem—that Is to to ail thefor tions•veiy Power that does not exist upon Its national tions of bis right ? Does h not love and bless the:Immediate consequence of which la the appeal to an January."On the whole, we bare read thiaabmailmea t:>li, as if it were a new discovery, that ledge tbe authority of the President who has posses- ing therein a condition of independence, would only that he should have a sufficient number of subjects to was settled by tbe Congress of Vienna. Europe, some time hesitated between Austria aad Eaglaad,sion of Mexico, the United Slates' Government recog- find a cause of discredit add Incapacity. This is not be Independent, and that he should not have too combined at inat Vera Cruz. Her Ma- Vienna^having given Inof the is immuta- Popeworld, she can only retain her greatness by comOnlyspiritual authorityhis office.Count AviSDOx, representattre of the RepuMIe ofSan Marino at Paris, had presented a memoraadaa to Count Walxwski, addressed to tbe fature Congreas, protesting against the encroachments of PledmoHLmutual patriotism and the legitimate exercise of the facultiesa of the moral equilib- What has fallen at at Modena, at Parma, religion- itis also guaranteeof answering, am) i...;lr nleasant way of looking those replying In tbe affirmative. In a religious point of wbo are condtmneil to inaction. It is a sacrifice nets which six months ago protected it against Aus- who were placed in uufiority over them fair and full view It Is essential that the Pope should bo a sov- whicdi must be asked from them in a higher order of sbe would be contrary to all her prin-In the face. (Loud cheers.] These In a yonng giants ereign.before which •uia, aclngprivate interests must fall ciples. No man of common senseherro;.c. "fhe Holy See is placed on a volcano, and theThe French squadron at present In tbe Chbieaeof view It isware boardei, ioogea and c<lucaied unUl they were that the head of XOD.OOO.OUO of Catholics should not hewouldresult, equally precious, willtbeoasis where thenut trespa.«£, aad wkjch will only have the sweet and calm contemplations of a spiritual worhl.governmentreflection—a sort ofoa can maintain twoextraordlnarvdlscovertes—urft, that ihi» maiic souls, fice from all trammels, should be able '.6 soar cicmpiion from taxation, by Die moral greatness of trlatohave her This is wi:n the .jartlBans c, higbeat moral aui)iorlt> earth, onlyDurance, 6 Phtigitian, 83J lapbict,Empire,"call oneself a Roman citizen VLsuch mcvtn- Tbe domlcation of .\uslria In Italy Is at an etw.and urgent, and only the declared enemiesSPAIN AND MOROCCO.. A Madrid telegram of Dec. 21, says :'necessity of all titcgrand retara" Visttrday8,0(0 Moors attacked tber-i[te.WnenFrsnee declared lb<e!fla favor ofgreat 'nieres', the safety of the Papa'.y, was certala- ly one oTtite most serious preoccupation of the policySP«^,^of a we have endeavored to demonstrate ini>rlnce,they thepncedingyJchtuffaredTHespiritualpower,tbeseatofwhichiaatRonte, tlonpresentsitself—adelicate question,butthesoli>eflodging wija Ihe:dlapbeedthen, cannot intervene for the recatabliab-rstoredawonhip aoBaa,nowateaataaa,JW»of»f'Sgts about taEurope suffered from it.-^mr, Bot tub in the CathoUe baTta aU light of tile priaclplea we have laid down. Btataa,to to* — IfcfWJCb, oaMe--^an Statea.Rusiia aad FrtuaU, as It la for rranoe aad Ada- moDtha <h>m tlia autborltr of tbe Pope. It has beaa cBplayBxatstkherowB MeanaL.heaaJaldaqnaa the Stratt, ^L^'Tl*SthattheaoguM r^iBiantitlis of CatboUo oatty neither b« coaatraiMd vn fctuaSlated nerUntitled Document'M.wfcmeaf the FaM^M <M|ll Seveniga, with hla aabjaat Willirtng mder a ptovtaloBal Oonraateat It is aettrelyB»«e«-iMIt*-ntleii by a Gorenauat whoee powen ezlaad emallgneitfcwyra^aeiwf AMtdh lhl-imaBlsiiirortlMforiha„aadUa^efTUfbatkatiBRoaagaacUae (o aay aide, and that H ahoold reoala Imaova- TaRaolTeihlaqaeaHoawedoabt wM> to esnaalt apperUlB—Naples. Bot is Ihalpaaalhlef TheUag-PapeT itlBlna catholic apiittwe write, aad we aatk eaiaira taak mi<hldoan 04 tbe Twe COmiENTa OP THS PBBH.Fraaee, more than lilin.:compialotaasaortaUsaa, atfomed with ao maar "K^Tintl Ihehimself, and land. Tbe delicacy and generosity evinced iails re- How can the man of the Ooipel, who forglTes, be tbe serVnia, of the rates whichbaTs proaoeneed Uie the hostile contact of wbldi woold produce the spark turope. " Rome raeaaderatgiaai,dea iar tht aPcmaae,M"iareif<« few Ttltiable letter from Pmeomecharacterisilc ones from Gr.o»8i Cirauco and vival are for the laiber late conslaeratton of its revi- man of tbe law, wbo paalabea? How caa (be head of anacxatloo to Pledauint ;—tUa da«t not eeme wlthla Ihat would aet all Italy Inablaie. Oppoaed to the m.adoct. M.saIiniinieaiMi. la 1M>Mt aa<:vera. The fact is ibis ExacUy gneei aad the Church, wbo excooununieatea heretics, be tbe our subject.the of abaemHaat, wouldhomorlng subject mhnyTbe butdlsascetaIfiwsslbic, for it wouldbe a manifest vtolatlaa of tbetllTlstioandby prioclples of divine orderwhich enl gemtlemaa hare impelled him to Indulge delighted bim, and Impressed him as being uospeak^ carnot olacard the Prince has to Oi tbeHoly8ee in tTM, is a poaaessioa of perfect legitimaterespond!• a long and laborious tirade of abuse bly wblmt'ical and atttaetlre, was the airy quality he claims of society which he cannot disown. Where, tne rratlBcal OoverBmeaL The inaarrectioa oftu neutrality Imposed on all the IiaUan States. In fact, ject,aud that U alt any reaaaaable ilaaaa ralheila;i?i '"J"?J',"?'" ,""•'»P* '»'o the ooadllieaut Lord JoBH RrasxuL, because in his life wanted (or the man he InTeated. Partly for this rea- then, ate the means to t>e found that tbe misalooofthe inhabHanlsagalasttbe Popels tbeaee a rerolt against if the Neapolitaa anny eatered the Sbatee of tbe candeslre. The exteat of bU lerrttory mnat be a son, aad partly (be haa siaee often grieved to thlak) Pontiff may find in tbe Independence of the Prlnoe a Irgal rigbu and against treaUea. It la In trirtaa of the Church, Botniog could prevent the Piedmoatese array queadon of degree, not of khad-U oaa be ao artMe af U OuMiMt Jaus Fox be bad exalted the VrUg poU- for tbe pleamre it afforded htm to think that delightful gaaraniee of his authority, witboat tadiag therein at tieattea of 1819 tbat tbe which formed a from occnpying Parma and Totcanr- Such disorder falih, ao of onbodair. The iaiieiu,uddrpiecUtedhisToryrival,Mr.Pm.The mannerrrpiodaclDgitselfunderbtahand,heyielded tbesametimeanembarraaamentforhisconadence? partofthe ofRoaangondae,rtbe was wouldnotooUbeUieoverthrowofallInternational betweea8MifeeefoOBOWtdtipaofa aatqau^ea'N"oa"' Khigdom Italy Baaiiire, SordMftnlataotlra U dull and scunUoos In -the last degree, to tlie temptation or too often making the character If we were to seek for theaolution of this problem Sually restored to tbe Pope. Aa lone as Iboae traatlet rules; It would be, moreover, a rerolt against the not between the SorereUta of a large or MaaO tiirt- •a4 would not be worthy «f notice but from the apeak like his old friend. He no more thought, God In the customary Curms of the Government of people (ubflst It Is iocootestlble tbat the Sovereign PoaUff jurisdiction ol ^oiope, whose duty It is, while respeoV:^ toiy. Tke populgtfMI M ^me Uvea on the peat, a*'.thattheadmiredoriginalwouldeverbe weshouldnotfindILTheredoesnotexistIntbe IsjustifiedInasaetlinghisclaim,ashehaadone,to ingtberoigdhetrswohficShovceorneciegnrtnisest,botowatcohfIotvserthe\monDments,plclniegaUerlaa,prooesslona,andeact^Act of Its proceeding from the pen of one whose poll- forgive himclaiied with tbe Imagiaaiy rices of the flctldoua world a Constltntlon of a nature to concUlala exlgea- a portion of his territory wbch baa thrown off hishim a coadltloa ofwere thus (here wooldoe no tbe queatlon would be settled in the oplaloaprecaioii lathe eigaae ofIhe eldeat efthe Chaiek. aoBIhe 4ha optaioa expaaaaejikto tbeIi«rd Jaha BnaaaD • the HpxteaB Qaeattoa. politics of the day, to perfect its InstituUoas, parti- of the Romagna would not lend to diminish toe tern- same State, it la to tbe two-foM oonsecratinn of ptlb- eat and people. Franca wlU not nte loree la aa«- cipate ia the general movement of ideas, taken ad- (•oral power of the Pope. Bis territory. It Is true, lic interest and general assent tbat conttitutea coe- pel a peo|de to antamlt to a goverranaBt wtalah ihikas Secretary of Bute for Foreign Affairs, to the mem- que.sis of science, of the progress of the humaa encumbered of a reslstanoe wnleh paralyzes it. wonhl theory, and wo know from history that Statea have orial addrersed to him for protection for the Interests mizd. He cannot do IL The laws will be ahaekied notbeweakened, but morally atzengtheaed. For, let been formed, aggrandized, modified and traasformedrejects,permitialae-of the English merchants trading with Mexico:by dogmas. His authority will ke paralyied by tradi- us repeat It, the authority of the bead ol the church in virtue of treaties.tions. HIa patriotism will be condemned by faith. He does not He In the extent of territory Which he cannot It was the treaties of 1619 that determined the polit- wiae andsupportthe number of subjects which be la obliged lo oppceaaIV. duced ever)where where there are considerable ag-And, let It be obrsegravred, the last decision, should Itbe contrary to that of 1815, would not bear the same deliberations. We have arrived, thoogh byThus then, the temporal power of the Pope is aec- glomerations,with a Tbe of the importance Popedoes not consist In tbeand legitimatebut itcharacter aa the first. In 1815 tbe Powers disposed ofis incompatibleState of any extent. It Is only posslole. If exempt twenty-one provincesdifferent courses, at tbe same practical nnrlnalaasay. from everything that constitutes Its activity. Its by a chain of mountains, the character of their In- of Europe only formally record ayoix accompU.and a deep responsibility attached to any man memorial, shall be transmitted to Her Majesty's development, its progress. It must exist without an habitants and historical souvenirs adu nothing to tbe The competence of the cannot bethis Is an contradicted Had all the signs of outward prespenty, that he con- Mew Poatal ArrauigeiiieBta between Enrepe be found in the which It in considered as an embarrassment for bim. Facts prove Pope error, byfuses the of a enjoymentslife. opinion,tion of the States of tbe Church has not suffered leaa changespatrimonyPxvis to Snyaau It re- Pope II.,is not to ascertain whether thepoliticalthat Iha than twenty veara of Austrian occupation. AustriaSt. Peter,Givenbywould find a condition of servitude for onlywould not be restoring him torespectful, submissivetested for him tbe Catholics all over Iha waiM. byTbe pastorals of the Irish Bishops, aad the graatIn andmeetings Dublin, theseatiiOKBtaeUettednere,havebeentoblmasourceofmuchconsolatiaa. Al-The exlfctence be admitted in maysmall corner of earth free from theof a and in-would begivingmight Avignon,poa8e.ssedand the Venaissin comu that now formsterest which agitate other peoples,and devotedsolelythereby? Itwhich bad rebelled against the Pope's Legate, demanded to be united tothoughgreattrial aadaaal-centre of Catholic has unitywhich of thetheexcep- has acquired a domination of a more elevated charac-Now, eithertionalinherchurch,difference from what It was last Of oomae «a year.arelookingforwardanxiouslytotbeCoagreaa. Eng- land, no doubt, will be the great antageaiatof thecalling,losingpoliticalpatrimony!"nationality. Rome,Holythelesscivil lifegreat country, tbeyauthority subjectmindstodiscussits moreorIt is well known that com- nothingto cede and it is before the most re- It,Invincible,protection.Tbettrritory of the Papal States, therefore. Is nomore Ihdivlelble than its extent is Invariable. Like all possessions, this one is subjected to the InBnence ofto but ifconditions of social and rope will know how to protect it. to piousindependentEurope passionsof thedepartmentof Vaucluse.particularihe voice of perenaslon and by But those means have been exhauat- reform bill Is to appear by request would be liOthlng more than a town. Lioerty would cd. The Emperor of the French, who has constantlyPRELIMINARIES OF THE CONGRESS.tbe members of a glorious Infiueuce wncrever faithismaintainedanilspread. Romebelongs,then,VIII.I.ei us take the impossible sup-metropolis,doubtable whenIt hasrightforitsPopedenry of the Congress for bis plenipotentiary la pra-nnunced unfounded.Prince Goarscnixorr had eipresaed a desire ttat;longerthepels Popeare noare still the citizens of atbeywhich extends lisMUcellancoaa.The principal item of Interest in the political werld from that august ix)wer, she would at once lose all liiagnatothe Pontifical Government. Howto the Head of the Church. Should she slip awav ly;let us supjwse that it Is agreed to restore the Ro- iaitto; Ithistory, capitalact Constituent Frsnjcc, and an of thenation, patienceequanimity,- his moral authority to calm tbe public mindderogation from the regular and normal conditions of tbe condition Imposed u[Mn It by treaties and by his-the life of peoples. Nothing more simple, more le- And if whothe character cf eternity t» institutions asmutaoleand and fluctuating aa the accidents, tlie changes, thegitlrcatesudmorees.seatial tory. Canitbeemployed! employed,tbWn the Popethronlag Is to be charged with executing it! Is it France! Is;theirorigin. WhenagovernmentIsImposeduponhis subjects. If his institutions are beyond the prin- and is nearly always violently overthrown.ciples which guarantee tbe rights of government in a It is true tbat Fiance reinstated Pies IX. at Rome. political society, his acts ought to be only the more It is already a misfortune for the Church that it was Irreproscbable, and when he cannot be Imitated byany one he will be the envy of all men. Welooli,a himself the Holy Father ought to be a father for all country by the stranger. It is never accepted freely,;the only question Is its better application. take placeof hisfrom the responsibility of administrative interests,time when the ConRrese deliberates of Uic province of Savoy.FRANCE.devdopmentmunicipalness to the position she cccuples iatnce the establish-ment of the Papacy. She cannot escape from it ;ber fate is settled (reele.) It is tbe decree of civili-zation, of history, and of God himself. But Is thataeabaUly ^;to strike.Anothci^>»ry Iraiwrtant point Is that the Catholicreign Pontiff.Instead of reigning by acknowledgedapiiears to us to have more value than the territorialpossession, more or less extensive, that will be its na-coEsequtnce.elty of Rome Includes aU that la most Important in it ; the rest Is only sccondtu y. The city of Rome and the patrimony of St, Peter must be guaranteed to tbeabout be eiaela< toaad tbat tbe Chateaa af Blots Is to be confeired upon him. The reva^aaa ofarea hfm relievingon thethat itPassion,' says Mostxsqcuii, "make us feel, but to nreas upon his people by taxes which would not It to achieve its nationality. Belgium and the Daa- there also reign well-being, concord, and peace.renttODal ogre with one as as six, but a never makes us see." Let us, then, endeavor to fill his treasury except by throwing discredit on bia eye large byby Adtilis, the most frequented perl of the Red Sea la;the temporal power of the Pope, restored in imo. andslace protected by bis amis, was gravelv menaced Inupon u<t. and what tbe conditions of Its political exlsteace. He saw that iHv provisionsItbe right of history and by treaties, it could not be mayis|to Is indivisibleof thetoperor, and asks, should he refoae, how far will hla la- 'fusal be supported by otbet Catholic Statea ! THE POPE IN THE PRESENT CRI8I8.Undertheabovebeadtlie Corkthe following passages taken from a letter raeaitad b^-But thia Is not all.position that the Church does not tear this damage, and that the Pope does not retreat before this extrem-foicethat bla weakne s ia mostTbe that the reporthad claimed the Pieai-itAustria!An aimed Intervention to subjugate the Italiansof society.-Vll the reasons that are broiieht forward to im-cessfulCongress will notsameAs to the special objection that the majority of the The King of Naples had appointed the Marqniagreat Powers' being schismatic, they are by the fact D'AsTomsi aa his first, and the Chevalier Cxaoraai alone rendered incompetent io deprive the Pope ofone of his provinces, we reply—Since these same as his second representative at the Congress.necessary to have recourse to that extreme measure, and this Is evident from the neoesslty of pro'onglng the occupation by our army. It must be added that Rome is In a situation quite exceptionable, whichPowers In 181S gave them to tbe Pope, they have cer- tainly the light to consider whether they can or cannot leave them in his possession In 1860.In reply to a memorandum addressed by Swttaer- land to the Powers compostng tbe Coagreaa, tte ma-other cities of the Roman Sutes » We do not thinkwhila try-so,so considerable ascism, would be far more setloos If It became neces-to to every town of ttie Legations. It lay aiegethe heright, by respect inspires,he would haveIt is stated tliat an apanage Isformer which thetheprinctsgiving lolTcy ofher aid thereto, France was acting up to herd(.- wbiih It Is now exercised. It Is a great calamity, Atla^t, the Count's sworu calerhJ the Marquis' hip,from the bottom of our heartsfor tlie good t.f the Chuich as for the interests of Eu- hands, and the affair terminated.way. the whUh is the centre ot the Aud should w. himsvlf by; ISatnt,fi;; PrBi«iii*rv«, 8of armies. These foreignwere not an theirsoiabofiht Sis fortune lu vaiu, for inthiscas'.le hedis- Spanish, Austrian, or Italian, and the title of his na- which, necessary for tbe double majesty of the PmlilT Hes, lost 50.00(1 men. sji. nt three b'liidred niiliions..>ail irgbim. Tbiy txclte against him all the suscepti- Fufer, 4 ;coreteoi the materials fer bis speech. (Loud cheers] tiiinality would deprive nim of his character as uni- and o'tlie Prince, will be mainUiined by the mean's of ebakf n Li roi*, that Austria might on tbe morrow ,.[ bilities of the rational fetllnp. Tney prove thw heIf thetijr.iOlanlaiTsubscrip'toja :and secondly, tliit he had independent sovereign, he would be either French. faith, ard by the presence of a Court, the brliltancy of have lun the risk of a great war, gained four v:to- miiiialy occupatlcas only protectpassions.Popecountry.tath'ilic foreign intervention in Italy aay.:Rnmanut. Necessity of maintaining Ihc temporal power of tieFrench policy dots not haraor eistenctes and degradations.r£<T.*ta-yor lOinl iiiends of the Papacy can resist I'.regardsthatthe should re- Congressthe metropolis of Catholi-we wishas an essential principle of European orderas the influence of Austria, under:hadprinces unhappilyeffaced the nationalcharacter of Ihcir sovereignty.It woold certainly have oeen very desirableBy a combination of many circuntstances, by a succession of causes tbat go far back into history, the temporal newer ol the Pope li* seriously menaced In the conditions nn-but innow against tbe Italian people those victortoua bayo-moderation;doingit would oe ne- adiuit that it was she wto laDqu'shcd us.,ifcose wbo in mate Ihe pretence for ber fj.gi I al the samew ar. forircilytrooaanattempt.aimed intervention ofwouldnothing Itwerepoesible. executed,thePopewoald»mirnmilaaactually possesses. the people ot Romagna in ;1860,Ifare they notThe Congress, thea,However, we grant that If the Romagna belonged greatthe teriltory of Romagna aad itsright dkpose population in tavorare the laws, the priests are tbethe altars are the citadels, and the Sjjlritual weapons freely to the Pope by the adhesion, the confidence and of theto thePope val claimants, and was not removed to thevertedshad w as still at Bologna when the flag of France appeared againquestionHe must have sufficient not to be subjugated him- tbe depsrture of the legate and the overthrow of theself and to be a of the order. But Papal authority. Without Austria that power neitber Sovereign temporalthis sovereignty must not render It upon can be restored nor maintained. Ail tills, unhaapUy, obllgator;rEemiBirpahliahaa only the member bom Dungarvan from a geatleaiaaafMghLegations,which, aftermany struggles,;In in 1791, fact,Avignon,the mainlain, la an inalienableothers,changes,majorityrepreaeatatlvasbut less of extent.;safetyequill-inoaies, and Rome may anrll be coateat to be Iha aeat of a Power posaeaahig co many means of altraeUaa wealth. Bat tetlnOaaffaadae R^aaaCalfcMtaa argerinieurna.l£urt>pe untied In a Congress to decide all the ques- France, and Ihat have little rtriit wHhpartieslo the treatiesaoyf, 1815.of Ihe pamphlet, declaring, however. HiThe London Timet oonclodea a leader on the aa^and bis teachings the most powertul manifesta-an Iniiiiu- whole unlvevket Wtiether he rules over few or European Congress which will meet on the 5tb of patmplilet with considerabla aaUsfarllaai. ItiavaarXLSee It was the same with theterritory ofand indivisibleH is extended or diminished, according as ItsHolyagainonlywould be to lower the power tbat Is DIvme, and give The nomination of the Marquis D'Acvaaon, for-the Papacy.We believe there is another course that mayThe French war steamering her engines off Breat, ran on a reef aad nfUlg sank in deep water.taken. First,cognize of thethe necessity of the temporal power Thatisforusthechiefixilnt. TheprincipleThe hadconferred Uw Emperortbe The consent of the Leglahattre body ia apanage.necessary for the creation of an apanage.The Minister of Marine haa ordered a steam cor'HolyIhe monarchy the Royalists who would dream of ernment from all the details of administration, and quarters of a naval station, compoaedof ire aoraelta^not ment which theira rejects.to submit to a Govern- 'protectionChurch. An Italian militia, chosen from the eUteoffitted out vrith the utmost It ia dlqiatcb.!Sovereign Pontiff by the great Powers,she couldCatholics who seek such a triumph for the Churchvette to besaid sbe is t>ound Ibi tbe port joat acquired by Fraaoa in the Red Sea, and that this port is to be the haatftwo frigates and ten gunboats.The Diiatt haa the ibllowlng deectipOonof Iha «atcompel willpeopleupholdtbeprinciplesof ber liberajpolioy.(o fear from man, it is eter-has recently taken nosscssloa. The town ofhas exhausted her diplomaticlo the security anapopolallOB, to any other on the coaaL Theus for theirIt Is not the Emperor who could proyepopulatloi.streated. Tbty arose fiuni a legitimate reactionand from a noble outburst of nationality towards France, which came to saveCatholic or schismauc,greatconiLiuElcaiing withthe interior of the Statesef theA Catholic nation,with a consid- erable revenue, that the Catholic States will pay as a tribute of respect and to the Head of thetbe Federal army, should assure the tranquillity andSee. Uberties, as Municipalthus a share of public local Ufe to those who arc givedisinherited of political activity. Finally, every com-everyideaofwarandrevolt,musttiefor- ever banished from the territory govemod bythe Pooe,unfaithfultothesegenerou!triatllons. intereststoFranceiatiieRedSeawas to enfranchise them,and not to them. oppressbe where lelgns the Vicar of Chriat, said,Habaai!h,at the boltem of a fine bay near the spot once ocoiplad—she efforts to reconcile thetbe Papacy •nothingis exposed to all theEgyptcontains an industrious maritimeof theextensive as possible, should release the Papal Gov-which we deploieIt it a 'so a great danger,out which it Us the duty of all—a wound near the bone, buf1.-*Ihesame Interest, for Ihe independence of the head of Emperor Tmonote, who reigns over the greater parta of conscience and the Chnrch is aot only questionnot ofity. ThesccondE then interfered, declartng that hoa- m»n ol the world and religious rn-^n alike-^to lessen, or was fully saliiCed. Tne two gppoaaatl alxiokcharr!e.d byGod to maintain In peaceThe ; Bida,himby compromls- 8; Marceau.e, Hegcnt,*; Alttnrit,4: Dra^wmr, 4;ttre^J* and coaimoa o'f Its Sovereign. Tbe Emocror N'Ai'otso!! stw that The Spard.-h "•°"*S;?S:on the condition that she wUl know him the vlctcry instate that theimmense wooden barracks at CeuU forhe did not assure EuTooe. Our honor prohibits as from tecornizing the the chureh its vecurity and inaependencc.P"'PTMTV'ject by saying:ings.the vor."of tbefTetct qneatton{hellll Tlilll* lUlMaAustria leTbe Jfemiag BertU aaya (he Xaperor baC takaa amanlycoarae. Ontheereofthe'Ctagraaa be has lifted Ihe reU which haa htawrto ahnn«a< hla policy OB tbe Italian qoeatlon, and Europe artU leanaPopewlU be-^A Paris dispatch of the 23d says tbat the Preachcoidoa tt the Legion of Honor on tbe Prince n'Oassaa.well ahel- tr,reo from tbe northwest winds, which alone eater the bay. Zoulla ia also the most favorable port for;6; Uiurthe.i Ditckafia,:UUrailU, 4:; ; Ptltio, t. The Artin, now on its;;if theblm by the FreaehXarsfmtai, »LUf, 2 ;«-»*, way to Chlaa,staUoned at JlBvaua. have juat tor. iilurcetnet-qnntstOBatAlgesiraa. Agroathaa Itta aald, aa- u ^^^^Sdiag lalasr:wlUthat wlU be la hk fa-tM "'*^'P^hJTT.-. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 