 -e=iWAiHOMTOa, Fildar. B. BTATT BSKIBB TBI nXXTX.^HBr]Mr*a Ferry laBarceMa.' iVfr:TOL.TX.—NO.2043.FROM WASHINGTON. to an order of tlw Senate |lo appear liefore you to an- forbid It, aad hla eoDadenee aa well will not permit come to the House. He wonld not by any means 1OVKBn ns housk.~ shaLrTpO movemmiesnt took olac*- ".~T^"r "^~7"';;"~""i.t ^....^A placeinwaa before the Committee on frlaang were fair and reaaonable....m ptiimawillingthia evening, ezpreMed themsel-ves llM»nHiiil iHtk hrrlBg MItarad awar tte d*7 deinc mMh- !!'' H<A»'« laetu* oa <lw CauatotlaBkl FD««n at tte Seamie, amnuned sercnl lumn In wwmiftrn.mittee, I am to hear he has to perfectly wilUag whatdering tbe bill tu a third reading lie reconsidered for the purpose of amendment.Jir. Stabtoh supposed the House could reconsider without waltlDg for the recommendatlen of tbe Com-gentle- again when tbat under bid came, and if it was after ttieAftfiutiea,sisnta said that thisquestion to themfrom Ohio, (Mr. SaiaiiAa.) Re askedud bioke dowa two Clcrki before it Inrt-^ Tkoeewkowtedfortte TeadiBc tdmltted •MHHiwbadlTeold. Hot only were tie gelleriw -raealii d«il*c Iba laAetlen, bat nearly erery Sena- IwWlAa CbuBber. At oae time bot nine ooold be mmm,tml tbey were<b««lt letether oa tbe Repnb- ltoa»iid«. Kt.Htar wu tbe only IMeaer aa tbeSenate.the Houae take such as it could and printing get,done with It, and leave off this scrambling over little matters. He was aahamed of it.Gov. LrrCHiB, of Virginia, haa madeareqoW-;l- wdex labered oa, frequently toning two and tbiee liMWatatlBe. Wben, at la«t, the document was t>i euli Titb. oa'Botkm o( Senator Kuos, tbe re- ftaatety witnen waa -eacorted to jaU, notwltbatand- ta( bla ki|ic and lengtb of argument.TBI D^BATI !> TBI HOUn.' Tki ttae of the Hoote waa apent quite aa nn- fnAtaUy by- a diaenaakin and aqoabble over Mr. Svun's retotatlrai relattre to tbe ]fflntiiig, whlcbthere tmder oath. In response to your order, and, with- out knowing what It contaiua, yon propose to stop the reading of it.fiicHMOiiB, Va., Friday, Karekt. The Committee of the Virginia Legialatare onhU Maotialei. Tbe reault waa the defeat of any leg- Uafloa OS iwirate bllla. Only one day in the weeli laaaaMedtoUHaoftblaebaneteT, and aome eoe is Iwaya ready to thnut other lutter open tbe Hooae, aad'MdraBe that Say.WRAT TBI oomnrrm aki Dono. Coamitteea had no oppoitnnity of reporting, al- thoagh aaay leporta were ready to be preaented. The Conmlttee on claims agalnat tbe Government ate applying strict nilea in their inTcatlgatioiia, and pon eatabllahed prlnciidei. They utterly re- the Idea that tbe Goremment la a vaat ali- bot hold that joit claims^ ahonld be promptlyUqnUatcd.!nmmsooisuraoir lsvjibiioaiiok.The reaolationa of inquiry entered opon by Con- giaaa seem to be aching both waya. Brigadier Bowkuthe country, from your jurlfidlctlon. It Is unbecoming Senators to allow the witness to throw defiance in their teetb.Mr. Stabtoh, of Ohio, Indorsed the character of Mr. CooMiis, and would have spoken before, but tbat— TILITXXSIRDIAII AHD IflXICAI WOt- FIKX'B PXAE GOLO AID BKIOaATUnt.and tMttfied that he thooght the preaent prices paid forWell done. Brig-nrDiA> DiPUDAnoirB a Hiw-mzico. DiqiateheajuatreeaiTed froib New-Mexico report the Navajoes aa orerrunntng tbe whole country. Thirty thousand abeep, three hundred horses and any other animals have been stolen from the RioAnja eoontiy.Two IndMdaala were murdered near one ef thetowaa, and sererai were carried into captivity.amy Orders sent you yesterday. Troops from Utah wm not reach Xew-Mexico for two or three months, whQe those in New-Mexico are ordered to leave for Texas. This movement will leave the country en- tiiely unprotected, and open to these outrages.THI COHDITION OF CTAH.there is any part of the Constitution that says so. He but there were no points of general Intereat. answers, denyicg jour right, and I appeal to the can-the printing to the Senate. That body being the ing vote:Be will be agaia recalled.adier.alaebeoat. Mr. CooxBS, Editor of tbe RtjnMic, I oader- taad^iWlU swear that he propoeed doing the binding at prices much less than tbe allowance since made to other pattlee. ScTeral witnesses will be ezamloed aa tattle chancter of tbe binding contracts, and to lAoiB they were let. iUch derelopmenta are antici- patMl.1o the Senate. I should be sorry to do or Committee on Printing, the following joint resolu-beingable to get almost the entire control of the publicLove, Msclay, Martin of Ohio, Martin of Va-, Maynard, now about a hundred thousand dollars a year, aad Moat-made into thetdadingeach honae ofits own Printer to execute its own worktoLbavbbwobth, K. T., Fab. «. Friday,Ootragee are occorring every day.joat raacbiag here, maycause aomechangesintheto do, and the printing has become a complete monop- oly with the Senate. The consequence Is that the House caimot get printing done at tbe proper time. This resolution would not add to the expense, but gives to the House Printer one-half the compensa- tion.Mr. HirmvAir, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) asked if a can- didate before the Republican caucus did not propose, or bis friends fur him, to make such a division of the plunder, and if be was not nominated.Mr. Haseik said that was true, and be could not be elected because he made this proposition.Mr. HiBBUAH asked if the gentleman did not vote for that candidate In caucus, and also in tbe House t Mr. HAfcXiir said it was not a caucus, but a confer- ence. Hevotedfortbecandidatebecauseheconsid-ered himself bound by the action of the conference, to which he was not invited as a member of the Re- publican Party, but rather as an ally.Mr. HissiiAir asked if he was acting as an ally In,'Malot's S rATioir, Friday, March 9. The Ooverland mail-coach, with San Franciscocoveries in to the loss of the vessel and the regardbodies of her passengers and crew.The Halifax Jmtrnal says : " From what we eaalearn in regard to the position of the wrecked veasil when last seen, she must have struck about midnight, when all but the watch on deck were in their boda>thus, probatjiy, tbey perished."I ncerchBDce of Mnnlclpal Hosplcalltiea. PmLAnxLPBiA, Friday, March 9.The Common Council adopted a resolutioQ ex- tending the bospltalities of tbe city to the Plttsbargfawaa on the reconsidered,esmpaaunt to the artist, and just what New-JerseyFrom the Associated Freaa. WAamaaTOB, Friday, March 9.the had a respondentExpenditoreatoHlay,erovldYiougu are bound to hear, though I don't know aa ig.An inquiry will contracts joat givenare and a also on the ftu tiive always for was son ot Missouri. Ashmore, Avery, Bocock, Bonham, trade 1b anticipated here.These facts,Evening Argus and others in Pennsylvania, He was opposed to the system because It was used forn"lght~, Mtllw~ard, Moa~rbead,corps of divers had reached the wreck of tbe Aaiga-be to refer this paper to the Cooimtttee, and then re- Capt.Hoopxa,delegatefromITtab,wassummoned mandthewitnesstothecuiitodyoftheSergeant-at-before the Senate Territorial Committee to-day, to Arms until we gee whether it Is an answer or not.which forbids underletting.Mr. Matkakp, of Tennessee, (Am.) said tbat tbelaw to be repealed was that which provided that the Printer shall execute the work himself, and prohibits tmderletting.Mr. BAaxsBALx, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) said It pro-give information touching tbe condition and wants of IHah and Nevada. He urged that the eastern boun-He did net wish to stay and hear that long argu- ment read, aiid he would make a motion to refer theef Nevada, if constituted separate territory, towlilch he bad no objection, should run on a line withthe Humboldt Modatains. He also pressed the claiaisof Utah to a State Government, and discussed her gtmient for three or fotir hours as an excuse. TheydaryI^opoced C<«stitutlon.aSW-JXB8BT ABD THI WASBIKSTOK STATUZ.It is rumored that the Leglalatore of New- Jerseywill Bake an qipropriation of $90,000 for a copy ofMiua' itatoe of WAianisniH, aa It lUustratea thelalglllt page in her own bistmy. It la a deserved to be heard. The answer was written, and the wit-The Secretary qf War to-day conununicated tothe Booae, in compliance with a reaoltitian, the re-pot e< the Art CommiaiiOB, who recoouaend an ap-jmrilaMfa irf flTi"** to be expanded for atatnaryand ptetaraafer tba adomawat of the Capital. They queatlona ahonld have been aaked la the reverse or-directlyderatood that thia resolution repealed tbe law for- luUon which touched these subjects, which be would appearsl a xanfnranrn tn bs glTm tr American artists, aad that a* emballishmamta should be of a purely aatlonal character. In this eonnectlon, they do notder. But he comes here to undertake, to give his reasons, and it Is to me a new Idea that in any ooort It la a contempt to appeal from Ita jurladlctlan. My ftlend from IlUnoia nieaka of it aa an tafUeUoaThe demand for thequestion was second-bad Introdneed reaolationa of inTestigation on these for which he voted cheerfully, be hoped itaii ggaapreviousswuobujleedtna,aas acclamation. byin complimentary tenas of the ancient subjectsdbnaen for the wall pictures of tlie Committee-rooms. argue bis case under oath. But the Committeethe legislature,. UoiL Tbe {Kiaelpal reeoouneudatioB of the Conven-apeakuponus that this man should have imdertakan toand read athird time,Mr. WAaBBnim, ot Maine, (Rep.) moved that tbe Mr. Haaxta thought be could not properly yield tion la thialiake BiieCLZTII.ABB, Friday, March t.Thay ny that, aa a general principle, the true method•f pfoeulag deaigna for statuary and pictures Is toInvite eompetttlon. in, not before the but before the:LegislaturesTha recelpta of the Treasury during the past week Senate, to give bis reasons why he did not answer-ware •3,70^000, including Treasury Notes. The He comes before us to argue his own case, wliichwould vote for it. Tbeswamp hereafter be donated, States, and such lands as mayDrafts paid were over four mlllloas. Tbe amount of both sides of the House, that It Is a groesofThat tbe load in CaliforniaCajitol.Ufcn a plan of enlargement. HeMr. BnjAMin, of Louiaiana, (Dem.,) said tbe argu-; and this blU was offered to give the Republicantbe reason the documents accompanylDg tbe fieil- are eperatingFLOtJB very firm, snd no sales;Boward-streat-"pr^iang PfJaferenough,l'_ivea, ^_j^and the bill passed.and could not get rid of the responsibility t)y ref- erence.the mountains have all been claimed, and several elation was made that It was onlr proposed to Intro- obtaining Democratic autburity on tb^t side, but he companies are preparing to commence mining. An-Wheat active,bushels 5,000 yel-Haas—PloklSi _ ^„Marob ».at stiffer COTTOK—Sales, to-day, 2,300 bales, DJi"P^ ''^'"^^the reading had beenthousand CaUfomians wUi ^-isit;In tne ket closing unchanged.~'!^^'' '"T' aaeond read, to Ke -"——qaaation">e answer to tbe had closed about ten Senators on the floor, should divide the prolta. If it only ooersled pros- ruptmeans have been or ^sed, pro-elecUon of the bfllcers of therichness, is steadUy growing 1=ties whcl have returned frorn WashoeWhat ezetuefwnot tayoordisposedtoatIslandRailroad, Sight Exchangerr^^irk,atp>a~r. i*e*^Ae wltaaaa to the Aat aad qoesMea,had been let oenetTa'c decidersome ore recently token out, is--;-rr;:i::y.M-9,^zafiOdHouse Committee had mettbe job in such a way as to monopolise the profitsMr. Btait wasVica-PMiiBUT—Are yon ready to answer the ques-45**1 ^- CoRH firm sales ;brought propounded by the Senate fMr. Saclsdcrtdiscussed the question of witnessesduce Immediate r^orm in respect to the Executivewould question much the if not the very democ,racy,other quicksilver mine is about to be worked inIdraat illow atyi,c. WnisETfitm, at 23c ®24c.tionsMr. Hiirr—Yes, Sir, I amIprwluclng a large roll of laad it myself.  OnmoUonofMr.courts, .*'? ;PPe»red;In the by8ergeant-at-Arms.hopedHouse was only recentlj' OighnUed. He had heard ery of Quicksilver miacs in Sonora and Napa L^" Si ^l'l6«»l'^^S?"r'eS."-d''»5"^«»?'?S^commenced, Mr. Mtaoi aaidwastbe paymentprintingSpring,»?'"''«M'e"r'r?a?rv.»aof the The sales of COTTOS to-day" *^'!E1"J'"""^^"» '""S argument, and toordered, bv Yeas 40 Nav. 12andvada Calitomia in exMm Prices without change.FhUadelphIaandiroeaad at onee to thaaaeoad aaswer. Imittee, and is now, providedhisrights as a ciUxen eleetini, for he expected a Republican Pres'^dant out for thisAt Lake HooeyaahBitthatthlalaanfalr. Tfcawltttess isw,,^ (g a*°"»" ^7J?x^"t^he7r.eiweVr^e!Sftwo ho"."'i^d''ihei he Of coarse would ask that tne Senate Printer Select Committee nobodywhether he was ready todeserted it pectively,this posed to be speedily as House, andMr. HrAifs •t«Bd It, tbara are two questions reapjct, Includingmightjjjg ^g^j^ gjjyof saver at $10,000,000 during""iw or not. Mr.SaiOBl, of Massachusetts,counselthe CoaaUtntlonal power, of ttieto estimate the probab e P^ducUon from the mines already opened(Rep.)_if i under-conupdoa,At. of Tennessee, (Am.,) auggeated that MA-rBAxs,;sayhat there is nothing contained la It that showsAM—TAXDta aircsxD TO BTmaa aid bas- LITT.HAsxra highly appreciated tbepropositions, but waa aurprlsed tbat an old, experi- tion on Gov. Dunnsor, of this State, for tka anaat^fenced member, like blm, should, in a discussion of a OwBX Bbowb and FsABcts MnziAii;that ha la now wUliag to answer, bat It is a denial of jurtadiotlon.tbat Mr. HtattremandedMr.olutlc^rAnd was oppeaed to this whole scheme. Let and the cleameaa with which he alwaya atatea bisMr. FnoB—The answer Is what it pnrpcsts to be, alegal argameat, and la only adding to tbe contemptheretofore evinced by thia party for the Senate. He •Adjourned tfll Monday.^ was aaked to itate hla reasons for so refusing, but In-stead of contenting himself by so doing, be baa en-tered aiion a long argument, and closes try a som-mary.andthat summary Is all that ought to be read.And in answer to the second question, he says be lanoilready to apoeAr Before tbe Committee.CuvBLABB, Ohio, Friday, Harek t.aa the Mr. SuHn»-The Senator from Delaware appealed Special Committee on the subject of a Pacific Rail-poeedlawyers,does none of tbe work as much as the one who order. payCourt asks MmIf he has anything to say why sen-sides, tbe statements were untrue.Be waa repeatedly called to order.Mr. Caubb appealed from the Speaker's declsioa,which waa sustained by a large majority, amidwould be to compel a partnership between the two printers.provisions derstood. Thedesignofthebillfrank about It— was to give to this House In ita organi-Mr. Glow, of Peimsylvaiila, demanded the pre- vious Question on the passage of the resolution.Mr. Baixsdau moved that the resolution oe laid on the table, and the yeas and nays were ordered on that motion.of men who cad themselvesMr. Cabtix earnestly insisted that be had a right tomake his statement, aa Mr. AnxAia'a proposition re- does all of It. Each printer was to receive half price Tke Speaker jm> (em. Jobs CoCHBAn In the Chair, No hostile Indians were seen on the route, bat largewbo have all tbe virtues and few of thevices incident to that profession. It Is generally thecase, when a crimliial is to be sentenced, that theflected on bis character while be was abaent, aitd be- for the work, no matter who did it, and tbe result sustained the point of order,banda of friendly Indians were metA company of troops was met at (k>w Fork, whowill escort all the malls remaining at Pawnee Fork to SanU Ti.The conductor of this mall reports tbat largetence of death ehould not be pronounced. I dontknow that It makes any difference, for the sentenoegenerally Jadge's pocket.Court of justice, as many seem to think, when you put a question to ^e witness it implies that U you have a rt{ ht to question be has a right to answer,his answer Is not disrespectful and lasult-Mr. HAaxin, of New-York, ( Anti-Lecompton Dem.,) saldbe had not heard the whole discussion, but he was satisfied that the of the bill were not un-is In the But if this is a—we to be propoeerespectfulto say anyihing disrespectful to that body, or have it Imputed to me.Mr. SACLSBDkT—Is there anything contained In thatmanuscript not in the printeo article ?Mr. Hals-I should think on a moderate calculationpatronage,Boollgny, Brabion, Brislow. Bufnnton, Burch, Bur- nett, Case, Clark of Missoari. Clopioo, Cobb, Johnthere was at least twenty pages or thirty.Beitenacted.etc, Tbat tbe third section of the act en- titled an aet making appropriitioos for the legislative, execu.ive and jndlciil exp« ntes of the Government, fornette, Edmurdson, EUierldge, Ferry. Florence, Gar- trell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Harris of Virginia, Hatton, hill. Hlndman. Bolman. Houston, Hov»rd, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Kellogg, of Illinois, Kilgore,emigrateof May before starting, aa subsistence on the Plainsfor man and beast will be very precarious prior totbat time. The Overland Express from this city laMr. Saolsbukt—the same. Does the wimess acknowledge the juris- diction of tbe Senate, and does he agree to answer any question ?—Mr.SACLtBcar Thenbelawillingtoanswernow?of Congress first ordering the printing of long docu-ments, does the work for bothBouses. Tbe result is,that tbe Senate Printer now has nearly all the work such purposes.ovejoy.McKean,McK •ness toargumentfouraa an of tbe Republicans In many things duringand remand the witness to He did custody.(^(ucil on Uiepaper,not think it very respectful to the Senate for the wit-this matter also.Mr. HASxra supposed so. He would probably act 18th, reached here to-night.visit herecome in with anquires of paper, and expect tbe Senate to listen to it. He thought no Court, after making out a processwouldwould hear any statement of fact. His object was to save time.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) thought it of no use to refer the paper to the ComHiitttee.gress, in the election of Mr. Stidhah, combinationssimilar to those In favor of Dxpsaxs and FoBn, and jury could not agree. A new trial will take place.agaiiistapersonforcontempt,listen to an ar-Mr. Masoi wished tbe paper read.Mr. KiHO, of New- York, (Rep.,) was of opinionMr. BAaasPAU objected that the bill was an txfoit fmeto law.tee of the last House, of which he was a member, by Mr. WiroaLL, that within a few davs after Mr. STspiuir was elected be sold bis contract for (30,000 or (34,000, and Mr. Wxiroxu. testified thatdebt, amounting to (300,000, to be paid within ten years ifthe United States does not sooner provide for ILthere was something In the principle; Itapplied only to tbe future. It provided simply that be waa de facto the Printer of the Tolrty-fifth Con-that the wit- ness was responding to the Senate, and had a right;He had no doubt of tta e author-Mr. FissxiisiH, of Maine, (Rep.,)—Unless tbe Sen- ator from Illinois withdraws kis motion, 1 must pro- test agaiast tbat doctrine. This man Is brought be- fore the Senate to aaswer for contempt, and the Senator from Illlnola seems to agree with the ideade He jure.Resolutions have been earnestly debated in the Legislature, insfructlng the Congressional delegationness desired It read.butdivisionofcompensation. Hecalledforthepreviousqaestion.The third section of the act of 1SJ8. proposed to bede/acto ;it should haveonlyprinterof theright to present an answer. If the paper waa referred to tbe Committee it would come back, and the Senate would itUl have to pais judgment.itySenate,thoughtuseany portion of the State from which to form a Terri- tory, until a majority of tbe people of the entire State have consented to such distmion.The of the Pacific Railroad Convention Secretarybaa sent a communication to the Legislature, giving a summary of the action of that body, from which itadvanced on tbe other side, temptis a con- greaterF. L. and L. A.numerousi adds Ua own answering and the other Mr. HiAtiguiltyMcTrrlsReading Railroad Railroad, U\.Afteralready made as Incentives to renewed eierUonsBaiiimoib, Friday, March 9.fliatto undertake to defend himself. I thli.k thethat James .A.Plielps,a committee to communicate to the Leaislatare the action of the Convention, and to urge such action bybyis not to judge of this case. Tbe Committee has reported the fact to the Senate that the maa did sot appear, and the Senate orders him to beTbat theCallfomia establish each an Internal improve-,brought Committee,the objectsest man on either side gen-ment fund for the purpoee of building theevery man has a right to do, and the answer Is, fromreportedwas to insure dispatchshall rnn from the of CityMarch V. The Chemical Oil Works in East Boston, owneditMcDougal,gOCTHIBMof three orcontemptSan the counties of San Maura,the Diaila lasied was nearly g3,7se,aoo. The redoc- the Court to take up Its time by telling the reasons printing but either that was not Its object to reUiirt»ie the House lu the control of Its own print- ;was a new that they wanted to dlacass It.mancontract was let?tire printing shallbe donebyorderlag,cent, profit, and the whole••' ''iTwItt .Ttid .'«!-:> .^ -.-^vi ^"ibe |ieto-l0fk fime^.sw«r two specific qaestiaia,stop him midway in hla answer to the first question, wlthoot healing wlwt it la. I submit it is so uiuost,as the advocate of re- form, and told them that patronage and plunder onlyand It la now propoeed tohimMr. Masoic recapitulated the facts of Mr. Htatt>schange the proviso which that the oflSce providesshall not be transferable, for it was sound. Theyble party, at a low rate. Yet the gentleman fro^Si°,'i'iL"?wf?5°.' \°'^.tteli'exploiSt'^'"\. .^k* '•"•7. IndleaaBuaNEW-YORK,SATURDAY,MARCH10. 186D.PRICETWOCtNrs WITHASUPPLEMENT.to do so.summons, andjhla arrest by tbe warrant of tbe Tlee-Mew-York presented himself"* '""""•» •" tor rooaap-syought to elect no man printer who was not hero withthat Mr. Htatt had answered tbe the means for printing, and if the Republicana had couldnaidcu lyatt Toiiers a F^iU that I hone the Senate will itot permit It.Mr. SiruBDXT, of Delaware, (Dem,)—The aiuwer first question put to blm by a long argument, saying happened get their foot ia It in that regard, let Mr. HAaua aalo there waa not a word of truth laCOMMIBCIAL.Presldent, sayingtothat Cisprova charge.^**of thia witness la here, after the Senate of the tbat the Senate bad no to brinrblm (HrArr) them get out of It tbe best they could. At tbe The Committee let tbe power charge.iT^L'^ii^'u^'i?" CWp^V rom P^lJJr'I6th, forSailed, ship Maia», Manilla.There Is ttot much businessagain. The little ragolar trade uto per- bidders, to ^>pear betore the Committee now, which man very similarly situated, who sold out and Bubaeqnently he underatood one or two men,United Statea hare aolemnly decided that have and that he was the last Congress the other side elected a sons olreaponalblllty wbobinding were the lowesttheya rlgbt to call talm to make his ezetiae. But here Is no excasa. He oflien no exeuae. He simply denies the jurisdiction and power of the Senate to summon him here, aad he eaters an argameat to show that thia body baa usuiried poweia, I submit there is nothere, the aeceod qnestlan by sayingdoing, and It Is ratadar dene mit-rS.m—m-m with the &ect eonflictof tbe said Com- the job, pocketed the money, and left.mittee In tbe case. He would therefore offer a reso- lieving that this was an Improper mode of mspoelng deavored to "le"v'y black-mall on the contractors. Th—e prices.lareportCongressbe- connected with bad en- a small newspaper here,Htatt be remanded to the of of the public olBoes. passed this law to prevent It In •,;Ki:ji"v..^ luilon, that Mr. enstody subject, however,CrasTMh«e.d. . gaaar^ r 1,000 to l,ao« „_^ who re- paying from m]2lKie.®®II33cc. EBaatemliBs held at lwlS3Ii?e.and that he be committed to future. Be would have been in favor of reconmilt- for i«,,Mi..«„„ the Sergeant-at-Arms, tavestigation.a word of that whole aaswer which aeknowledgea the common jail In Washington City, there to remain ting tbe bill if the motion had been made in good eea- Mr. HooBToa Inquired where thethe weekW tht tw-TorkTlm«fc tbajnriadleuonofthe Seiute. It li a total denial of ia close eonfuMDent imtll ha dgnUea hit wUlingneaa son, but if tbe bill were recommitted at this Bta|e it ceived tbe coatract live.Diirlii_g30,000latetkaof and Whaal, 4ij,t(tN»Mucbt. their power to soBmoaUai, andarafiiialtoaaawer. If the Senator from Maisaehnsetta will say that heto appear and answer all proper and legal queatlona would do no goodtbat may be pat to him by the Select Coounlttee ef der.tbe Senate. Mr. WASBBcaa, of Maine, -suggested tbat the Com-Hasui said one lived In Ohio and tbe other in Ualla. New-Yoik.<"''• St*"' "y» *" •"? P*rt of that answer that hela wllliag now to be examined befbie tbe Com- Messrs. Deeuma, of Wlrconsta, (Rep..) and Fas- mittee could report, recommending that the vote or- District, snd tbe other in the District of tbeand Mr. MAsen then offered a resolution, which waajaughter.An exceedingly earnest and animated debated fol-amotmtsof fromPike'sPeakhad iatoN«w-tion, authorisingCongress :employprinting. He would vote cheerfully (or aGovernment printing-oSce, or any other place whichwould immediately abolish all this patronage, for itconupted, as well the Democratic as the RepublicanParty. But he was Eatis6ed that no bill which wouldreform the present Infamous system of plunder wouldpass the Senate. The system cost the (lOvemment Klllinj?er, I.smBr, Landrum. larrabee, Leake, Logan,A few advancedPeak have arrived in this city.rence of tbe dlstresafaig; scenes of last year, it ia argad upon those Intending to to wait luti] tta 1st1 thought from the similarity it was the ye»r ending 30tb of June, 1860, approved March 3,wasread. Itprovidesthatwhenadocu-repealed,ment is ordered to be printed by both Housesthe House firstand that the office of Printer shall not be transferableor indirectly.Mr. VAiiAXSioaAii, of Ohio, (Dem.) wanted K oa-bidding the underletting of the public printing.Fardy,and the mainbe by puted,a vote ofto be engroaaadMr. BursBAii, of Ohio, (Rep.,) aad others, objeetwL Mr. FotJKa aaid he would read 11, then, aa a part ofaa waa recommendedthe Conven-m Navlfattaa.quesUoa yeaa g4, nayabillberecommitted.Mr. Pbyob, of Virginia, (Dem.,)tlemanobjectwboSenate but from the time of the paasage Printer,In the public lesoluUon, there would he a fair division. It was onlyby them,shall be sold for the benefit of that fund.Fire at Eaat Baataa. BosTOR, Friday,Francisco through tiaa taai the amount on hand in tbe prevloua week why be could iu>t answer. My friend observes there at all, or the gentleman had adopted a ing, and break up the monopoly secured by the Sen- Santa Clara and Alameda,to tbeof Stockton,cietaystern frontier Page <k MircBzix, were destroyed by lira thiawaa d,MO)M*. The aaioant aubjeet to draft waa la no Court that would submit to It. I iqrprebend. If very circumlocutory mode of attaining It.my friend waa on tba bench which he once dignified real object of the bill was to compel the Printer of the New-York misapprehended Formerly That the counties traversedabytbespe-PKOCEBDlirGB OF CONOKES8.SENATE.WiMnMiea, Friday, March *.Tbe Senate met at 1 o'clock.werebad a mo- that aigniBcnt, and more thaa that oa tUa aubJect, nopoly of the work. If It happened tbat in conse-abuse.Mr. HABEra supposed be knew ascial and to contract roads to enable them to tax,Tartoua aad reportsCaanerce af Balllaara. Baltuou, Fridgfj March 9.presented. Owing to the noiaa aad eonfbaion In the hall,petitiona»v »Hr.JfAMI objected to tbe reference of the paper. these clrtumatanoea this bill was repirtad to Mr. HocBioit, of Alabama, (Dem.,) regretted that moontaina, lying e»«twa;d ofwaa ordered to81. Ttte bill waa then orderedand adorned, and a man waa before bun un- Senate to a division of the spoils with the Printer of printing ordered oy both Houses was twice paid for, may direct.FxAHois DcBBAX, perished in the flamea.Nan>ArrlTaI af the Klagam. Hautax, Friday, March %—6 P. M.There are yet no aigna of the Boyal Kail ataam-brought " theder the laim eircomatanoes, ho wonldaay, I am the House. Cadgr present system,nothingthe Printer of and the law proposed to be repealed formed that said road shall be authorized to levyI can tell Senhtora ttere is very great doubt whether quence of tbe protraetad dlaotgHouse,aalzatlon of thedered a larger proportion, ao that the Houae Printerhave no right. It la well for na to hear thia paper.We may be a great body, but not greater than the peo-ple who made iu, aitd ueir liberty is not to be trifled portloD of the profits, uM Houae could not com- lutioD [«0Tided with. plaia, for it waa Owtr own fault. But, under paidfor.extent of not more than That the (15,000,000.when elected hadto aad only a small pro- do,that but onecompoatloa _ahouldbeto theLegislatures of CaUfomla, Oregon and Washington Territory caiue the aeveiai paaaes through theHe said that thetta Senate Committee on this subject, and agreed ment was long, and simply amounted to this, that the Printer an opportunity to oarry out his purpose and dent's Message were not printed, was because the for mere thorough exploration. TtS lecenl discov-theen-work waa done as was well known b; Mr. Rxxvaa, the man wbo reported the ofteo-tlmes unnecessary aaytngt of thia body. Thewhole system waa rotten from beginning to end.Mr. Fouxi, of Ullnois, (Dem.,) said he had a reeo-A. A.ask to have read for Information, and aa the other aide Booth, Tattle,wooUba ocmaidered at an eailvThe calendarwastakenup.'andtbebill mitiee,anddisputingsuchpowerhewaanotwilling intheHousewhenthebillwasread,butashetmder- mwearkenoworder.buttbeHousehadnotdoneso. Tney haverbocnkn,focuinetalanllingmercuryin ofwhat eVSc. Poaxfirm; mess,(isafiea,prime,(!»..prtvata for the raUef of Mrs. Aaai U. Sunn, widow of Geo. FutDiB F. Shjib, was considered.to appear now. He hot>ed the document would be re-ferred to the Committee to select the grain of wheatstood It contained a provision repealing the law which only scrambling over the spoils. durity, along the border prohibits underletting be bad moved to recommit it. Mr. GiTiui said he was informed last week by are known as the Geyser Mountains, for a dlstonceWmsxr dull, at=^'>*-*f,^^„,. Frfd.,, March ».day. its uabar aiid a state ofin the Senate, that tbe of more than twenty mllea. "The mineral isMr. Hau, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) moved an poit what thn wimess had answered. He renewed thrust into the House this morning, was in keeping work on the Message and documents, though ordered found in loose bnuldera on tbe surface and sales at «5 60^5 6S for Superfine. Whibbt )scfrom the Let the Committee re- mountain of chaCMr. Pbtob proceeded—This bill, thus covertly good Democraticwith tbe bill introduced yesterday by the same gen some forty-five days ago, was not oue-half in type. in veins extending into the mountains. The Poax In demand, chiefly forthe motion to refer.Mr. FiesinsiK said the witness bad been brought todip of these veins indicate extensive lon^r MibsImproved 60 salesSt «l? 25S»17amendment granting penaions to Mrs. Hacoub andMrs. Ron, which waa adopted by a large majority, the bar ol the Senate. They were now the judges, and professions of radical reform in the enormous to get them ?Before Uieaadsaid tbat this witness would DepartmentsIn otherwords,deprivethe r>emo-politicalIntegrity,of men whowo^idcommunicateMonterey County,Mr. TbeDatis readingalready ordered and In the Printer, It wai manlfesUy unjust.connecden read, resolutionproposedto beof-thejoinesFriday. were %erywhile the were galleriesthat comblnaUo^^ or»"'e°«^a:r„e ,sa"nIguSin-estockIs, Will yOQ not answer t Now, I understand the mending the amertdment of tbe ConstltuUon to that 8en-, Iobjected.for bands of tbe Senatepart of his remarks, t' fered by Mr. Fooxx.for the belief that there is The resolution provides for a mining region on the eastern slopet(^"fl"in^g. Bo-rd.,Siate Stocks iirm. Penns)lvanja Canal, S2Xfor tbe aake of a ater fraaa TlrglnU propoees to arrest the answer of cover cases similar to his. in conclusion, be savs he temporary cOnvenleaee, change a good law.pass that overbinding;to yield »20 c()0 per ton.Vaiiev the people think that tliey have struck the sll-«y^ JtHare staked off claims. At Black Rock, Weeklytleman, whlcb,with itsDompousandsoundingtitle, At whatverydeposites. The supposed valuable portions of S*"rEasterntradeprinung aliases, bad won general favor, until the rev- Mr. HocsTox said they seemed to be v«ry happy inPBiiAPXiraiA, Friday, March 9.tobefore the Committee i( he had not cratic Party of any advantage supposed to be derived information through such mediums. cLaugbter-l ndnes, already in successful operation.the HouseI am not able to S^-,L~ '° '**•* » I'ciuie to the Senate aa to lu ing under Republican control, untouched till March, ter. He spoke what was true. He would like to aak fmigratlon thither, notwithstanding the inclementCBABtBSTOB,Friday,I have the answer here paper.)">'''« r^.Tv,'.".» n>»«yr of hlmseU. Mr. HrAtr bad from the present system,leavingprint-Gentlemenmight laugh but, h»^ cared not for laugli- Advices from Carson Valley representconsiderable asir«dtar°r??v;''[.'^''"?«'='''="*' *° ""* ^'•"''» desk to be read. AOer S«iatef<R*P-.)Misoa, of Virginia, (Dem.,)theun-derstand tbe effect of this resolution. If It affected measures. In this he as aLndoubteoiy^ales,ea'led for the HvATT'e answer, under the rules of theand why that was net ever, but the speculative spirit so covers ererytniiig,ConOK quietSCOto-day, Adousta.be taken for grantedto order lU SefatI in uSs the Senate, and that the Houseu-^^ ^discusses at irreat lenrtb House was asof tbe of the present bffiMiareadycltaUoas from cases ceive his fair share. It waa true that the Executive *c. tr^ CommitUe to have power to send for per- the present year.would re- propounded.Oneis. inParliament,Congress,Courts,4c.,towhichwas favortkeDaaMicratleSenatePrhiter,l*°"** °*^ ;of malfeasance orLongobservaUons, recom-by sendingall Exeeuttva ocmmanlcatioaa uft toonbut be wouM not,ha* always been willing to appear before the Com- The remedy would tie found in the next PrestdeDv^.MMr. HeusToa understoodmustresponding he refuses to appear lurw, aa the laws of God and man be granted, Executive eommunlcations woUntitled DocumentCongress, responsible newspaperWeekly Exports Imports.are respected by the Conatltatloo of his country, but would be snd li favors of thia kind elected,that a portion of It had been ^id fint Idlaeyt.oat after a bid aad t>een' received from a responal-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069body;tataiAncwasincladedlu the billreported yester- vJ^iiK^ne the ore seems to t« richer s* theyhla remarks.,^for that Tba resolution propoaad by pnrpoae.the Committee OB Printing waa Botratro-actlTe, but proapectlve, referring to the printing and binding here- after to be done. Theprintingalready ordered by theW. the it bad Intimated that Its Seaate would be done by Gbobob Bovkas,of thewaa sure that after of this bill snould tie understood, no hon-Pacific r&ilroad that the overflowed lands within said,aanoamendmentwouldbeIn or-to theof the Sergeant-at-Arms nntU the further order of the mittee, ^e could see no good to come from this res- colloaulal abilities of the gentleman from Alatiama,adopted,becustodyextraordinary:Meaars. Cuana of Iowa,Fauswobts of Illi-MrTGoBUT defended his resolution. Its soleIt out. HeMr. nAFXiK aaked if the gentleman waa the cham- pion of that newspaper.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAaoiiaToa, Friday, March 9.measure wholly foreign to It, bring In a subject,geinmtalgeamiannst this verr third section, and that It was carriedbytheothersidebyapartyvote.ob-Y'ork, Smith of Virginia, Tati«b of Louisiana, Kmi^ they (me RepubUcans) were concerned, they were LOSS of Mlehigaa, Bum of Peeasylvania, AinaiOH of simply looking to the Interests 3f the House In pro- Minnesota, HAXiiTOir of Texas, Fbbhcb of Maine, curiag ttie printing of documents at an early day.the report of the Committee having the matter in them in Jeffersoncharge. County,Virginia. UnitedLMarshal Jonasoa, on the Mb delivered tba Mr. HocBTOHsald that waa an anawer to be expected Inst.,Thefollowinggentlemenwereaonouncedtbe object of the bill was to give to the printer who question of orderthat this whole debate was out of;|IASDFbajcciboo, Fridav Feb 1T_HMMexlco, and tbat preparations bad been made, aad lowed, on a resolution providing for tbe payment of to provide that tne Prmter elected by the House M r. Baxkbsau said there was no use in recommit- were being made, to go to the gold region. The eialgra-should do the printing ordered by tbe House. Tbe ting It, for It could not be amended. tion from to the minea will be therezation tbe patronage legidmately belonging to It ;If the motion to lay on tbe table failed.li£&, be. and is hereby, repealed, and that thePrinter of tbe Senate and the Printer of the Hoase ofRepresentative be. ard they are hereby, directed tocause to be printed such regular and extra number of the profits weie mainly coimected with the Execu- McCleinand, llc<3aeen, McRse, Miles, Millson.Mr.Uali—Hedeesnotadmittbejurisdictionofthe documentsand asmaybereqniredbytheirre- tive Mr.BowhahbadthisExecutive orneryMooreofKentucky,UooreofAlabama.Morrill, crowdedtoexcess,alltheseatsbeingengagedto reports printing. S tison, Kiblack, Noel, Pendleton, Peyton Pryor, Pugh,Senate, and I should be very sorry if he did. I would spective Houses of Congress, provided, that the Printer pilntlng, and also tbe Senate printing, and Reagan- Kobinson of Illinois, Bnffin, Scott, Simons, April 1, at whicb time the proprietors will conuaeaee not stand up here and say a wotd for him. That Is of each House sbaii be allowed one-half of ihe rate now under tbe act of last session, had now Smith of Virginia, Sciith of North Carolina, Stallworth,hIsconviclioD, and it is my conviction. 1 hare no allcwed for composition, and DO more; and composition contrived to receive nearly an entire monopoly Stanton. Stevenson. Stewart of Pennsylvania. Stokes. riuming coaches thrice- weekly, and soon thereafter adoubt on the subject, and think it will not be long be- in no cate shall be p%id "for wirhcut s&tiafactorv evi- of all the Government printing. This was tmfair, and Stoat, Tomrkins. Underwood, Vallandighamj, Vance. daily line. The running time to I>enver is sevenfore the Senator from Delaware will come to thatopinion. Tne individual does at tbe end of that pa-per say that he is wlUlng to answer, and always was, but denies your rlgbt to bring him here. I had rather leave my place here, and never look In the Chamber, than be guilty of any wanton disrespect, but I desire tbe Senate to be careful how they exercise even a doubtful power.Mr. Hau—He was this morning.Mr. Mabob >uggegted the paper better be read. Mr. Hau—The Senator intimates he had ratherbear that paper than my speedsMr. Mahoh explained that he suggested the secondquestion be answered, that the witness might be re- leased from custody and Drought before the Commit- tee to answer, and they might take further action in regard to the argument.Mr. TicvBCLL, of Illinois, (Rep.,) thought the sim-plest acd easiest way to dispose of tbe matter would lution designs to repeal a part of tbe act of IS59,the Printer elected by the House ought to have his share of the work and be paid for It But still be was ready to unite with all parties to abolish thisWhitelj, WUton andKATB—Ifessrs. Adamsof Massacbasetts, Aldrlcb,days.decce is furnished, the Puperlntendent of toe Public Printing that said composition was necessary to the printing of tbe documents and reports, and that it has actually been executed.Vandevrr. Washburn of Illinois, Waldron, Webster,Ashley, Babbitt. Bingham, Blair. Blake. Burllngame,Mr. GniXT said the object of the bill was whole system of plunder, which was a disgrace to Barnbam, Campbell, Casey, Colfax, .Conkling, Oovode, DITUte FBIPASIKG TO XXFLOKX TBI rBLAOMISnthis or any civilized Government. These printing Curtis. Delano, Duel], Dunn, Sdgerton, Eliot, Foster, to give the House the control of Its own print- spoils bad been used by tbe Democratic Party to con- Frank, French, Giime-, Graham. Grow. Barley, Hall, ing. As the law now stands, the Printer of the branch trol elections in Pennsylvania, to sustain a (^vem- Haskin, Belmlck. Board, Humphrey, Butchms, Jan-C0NJECTDKI8 RXQABDUIO THI LOSS.^ BosTOB, Friday, March 8. Halifax papers, of March 2, state that a anmeroaaMr. Valuxsisbau, of Ohio, (Dem.,) said the reso-Walton. Washburn of Maine, Wells, Wlndom, tufl—«5.Adjourned till Monday.NEWS BY TELEGRAPH. FBOa TB£ PACIFIC. ArrlTal of the Orerlaad Mall.a Printer.offor tbe benefit of tbe HouseHe witnessed in the Con- Thirty-fifthposedsystemplunderCouncUmen would visit the city on the charge of dia-ob Ting the commands of tbe Supreme Oiurt by re-gto levy payThe resolution was indefinitely po8ti>oned, the Fttta- burgh Coimcllmen being denominated as crlmlaala and repudlatora.ment organ here, and to sustain newspapers— —thekin, Kellogg of Michigan, Leach of Mlehlxan, Ijce, Loo-Srinner. Tapi>an, Train. Trimble VanWyck, Ve~rreeally Ibis session.Dr. Casai has been tried for maliciously adulterat- ing the acida used at the San Francisco Mint, but tberepresentationthattbe-Mr. Staktok, of Obio, (Rep.) would like to know the same combinations were made In favor ol Glos- A bill has been Introduced Infiis r a tax to interest on railroad bonds.how the House Printer waa to by the Senate Printer.get payfor work done the Legislature pro-[Laughter.]dates to Feb.17,andtelegraphic dispatchesto theBaxKBXx.and he was disgusted with the whole of that the State assame the Indian war them. It was testified before a select commit- posingTbe resolutionsthere should hereafter be a division of labor, and a gresa. This House ought not to recognize printers have passed the Assembly.State I.eKlaIatare< BAILS0AC8 TBIBXMOTAXOrJUDOISTtnCF. Baitikobi, Friday, March (.The Brock Railroad bill came for a third upreading, but failed to receive a constitutional maiori- ty. The bill was sabsequentlv reconsidered, atki is still pending.Tbe Senate adopted the address of the Honae Bak- ing for the removal of Judge Stdhf.Tirgtala Kieglalatare.PASSAGE OF THI USOLUTIOAg AOrilSI TO THICOlmUOI.RioBHoiv, Friday, Marsh t.The House reaoiutiODa adrerae to-day adoptedto a Southern Conference, by a vote of aiaetyloforty-two.The New-York and Erie Eailroad line of acrew steamers, Nev>- York left Cleveland for Toleda, and the OnKgo fer DnnUrk, tills A. M.Mr.GcxlxtsaidItdidnotaffect whatwaapastasking Congressawould cheerfully vote to prevent any man electedPrinter from trafficking upon the election and re- ceiving a bonus, aa Mr- SrsnuAH did. Bat what were the facts ! Tke Printer for tbe Executive Departments hadno'-hingtodo,forwhichhereceivedbis33-S perare coutlderadthe Printer express a tleslre that the House should (>>unties important Deposits of cin-authorityperiod of time then might the Houie expectFlocr closedbutI60I. He ^ipealed to honest men on all sides to put the gentleman from NewVo g what had become of season. The mining accounts are as glowingdown any covert attempts of this sort.Mr STA»io».of Ohio, (Rep.,)dldnot preciselytbe binding for this Congre-^,'Intended to be lnclu''^ed in these reformatory that it is dlfBcult to arrive at the truth.M»A»i«ch"fl. bales, tne wMTMarch*.many^^,g^etoinquirejvbetheranycor- Mountains,rivaling6 k.«en*"{'.• Andprapers,andtoreport anytime.tbeand that there was a charge in STumated.Be would like to know If thecoitnptr. gentlemanSBIFPIKOtotheirbest exertionsagainstthe of separationpartiesMr. sackaofFloorhavebeesporctaaaadforenoittoAa^Mr. HoDSToa said one lived In the gentleman's ownTheOHIO szrusis 10 suXBZirDia saowir ajtd wtMB-two of tba Har- Mr. COLTAX, of Indiana. (Rep.,) reminded the which was before a Committee of this House for In- per's Ferry insurgents, who are new or have baaa lathat In the last Conareas he voted with vestigation. He would refer him, for information, to Ashtabula Cotmty. .Indictments were found l,Mr. Stabtob did not recollect the dreumstanoe. Be knew they carried the eatire bill by a party vote.] . from a member tnellned to shun letting tbe whole of to Gov. DBBBisoir, who. In a letter datedtha 8th iaat.to me to know whether I cooid inform him-aa to tbeoontenta of that document. Moat aaaoredly I cannot. roadAnd becauae no Senator can, I think it right to be nois, Phiu's of Mlsaoorl, Datii of Maryland, Scon ject waa precisely what be had stated, to give to each underbid reach the Committee? He underatood the for this conclusion have been communicated to Ctar. read. How can tae Senator fron Delaware under- Bouse tie control of its own printing without regard charge was published In a newspaper of this eity—;hetake to anUdpate what la In the dootuaentt It la of California, Ricx of Maasachusetts, Fbrtor of New- to tbeprofits, or plunder, as It was termed. So far as RepuMc.Mr. HoDsteii said be wasnot, butwaatlie champion Courts and Justices, have reported It laexpedleat to Mr.Saclsbcu—Idonotwishtostultifymyself,bat andStoutof Hecarednotwhohadtheprofitsoftbeprinting, and ofthetruth,unliketbegentleman. takeanyactioninregardtotheeomsratatioaofaea-it is appaient 1o every Senator that It is the printed Oregon. considered that any party was cursed by them. The Mr. Cox, of Ohio, (Dem.,) said this charge of levy-aaswer laid on oar tables yesterday. Tbe Senator The following Special Committee was aimotmced plunder belonging to the printing, or anything else, ing blsck-niall involved the Integrity of Mr. Coohbi, lenee or reprieve of either Sravan or HAxun^ Ikafrom Massachusetts cannot deny but what be believestbe very answer was printed and was laid opon thetabiesjeetetday. In that paper there is no acknow-ledgment of jurisdiction, but a total denial of it, and mentaho a refusal to answer, placing himself upon tne York, WiiiBiow of North Carolina, Tkaih of Maasa-was an incubus to the party, anahe would t>e willing the editor ol the Rtpulilic, who is well known in Onto, doomed Harper's Ferry conspirators. to transfer the whole 01 it to the Democratic side. as well asin this city, as an honest. IrreproachableA Voioi oa THI DiHOCBATio Sisx—We will use it to msn. He was a Republican Senator In Ohio, and his Fraaa tke Plaiaa.advantage. character was never Impeached. He was surprised ABSIVAL or TBI BARTA ri MAIL—THI UOUmMr. GnauT said it was not so with the Republican that tbe frieids of tbat gentleman should sltstill and Party. Theycan'tusemoneyInthatMrtofway, hearthischargemadeagainsthim-Messrs. Covobb of Pennsylvania, Oiw of New- heflbeenintrodneedwithoutooBanltatloa,erenwith justiceoftheconntry.Itisanappealtotbegreatjury, chusetts,andRoBiasoaofIllinois.on Mr. CoTOSB'a resolution to Inquire into alleged abuses In eonnectlon with the Executive Depart-:Mr. OuTxa, of New-York, (Rep.,) desired to make but they wanted their work well and speedily done.orLinn.MAT—an explanation In reply to eertein s^temants con- tained In Mr. AnaAu's preamble and resolutioBE, in defence of the Committee of Arrangements for tbe inaagtiratlon of the statue of WAsmasroir.In the long ton no party would be tbe better for the enjoyment of spoils of this nature, and the best illus- tratioB of that fact was the developments now making in the Senate, showing to the country the usee whlcn had been made of tbe printing plunder, and the cor-iBsirxniBBOB,Mo.,FridayrMareh»,Mr. Bali, of New-Hampaliire, (Rep.,>—I wish tomake a suggestion rs to a matter as fact to the Sena-tor from Jtasaachusetts, who says no one knowswhat la In that docufient. Ida know what is In it Mr. Cbaisi, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) raised a rupt condition of tbe Democratic Party. These de- in all they did resoectlBg tbe bii>ding,and did nothing Several trains were pawed on the way In. A friend of that—I dont know whether he is a crimi-nal or a witness—InaMdual read the answer to me, and It is mainly that printed article. I told the friend, in arguing bis case, the counsel had vielded alto- gether too much. The argument yields in certain cases that tbe Senate may exercise this power ; bat I think not In any case. This body is generally com-point of order.The Speaker decided that mere newspaper articlesvelopments were injuring them before the country which tbey desired to cover up. He bad not read tbemore, perhaps, than any other consideration. He srticle in the RqnMic, but if what he had heard of It The remalna of Lieut Mat are on their way In fcr had no objection to striking out tbe last portion of the was true. Its charges were totally false, and he would burial in Washington City.are not a privileged question, for these might keep resolution, if it could be done, and it was thought de- demonstrate that fact before the Committee charged Serious apprehensions were fielt at Fort UaiOB efthe House continually occupied on questions of this kind.sirable. with the subject.Mr. PzBSUTOB, of Ohio, (Dem.,) understood that Mr. Taj-fak, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) raised aan attack from tbe Indians and Mexicaaa, who are reported as leagued together to take that poet Prepa- rations bad been made for thefr reception.repeated the question:when did the decUnea Issulsg warrants, and statea that hla laaauiM LXTCBBa.thiswholedlscus'ioowasirrelevant. Hewaspared to discuss this whole subject of tbe binding, but mail, would not Interpolate it upon another subject. February, arrived here to-day.Mr. GcauT said tbe CkMnmtttee acted unanimously Business waa very dull Santa Fe.Mr. Wasbbcbh, of Maine, (Rep.,) reminded theHouse that the motion to recommit would be In order gold goneandbill of tbe last session, in effect, gave a monopoly of "rhe resolution was laid on the table by the follow- number of persons of means and exeelleat liaaiaeaaa great dor of the Senator from Delaware if that is dis- Mr. Cdblxt, of Ohio, (Rep.,) reported, from the smaller body, and more of a close corporation, and YXAS—Messrs. Adsms of Kentncky, Adraln. Ander- qaalificaUons going oat large '".""-^ <^of thesome small arrears to former employes House,large,Cox.of Kortholfor Pike'a To prevent a raeiir-ofolina, Crawford, Curry. Davis of Utssisslppi, Ddar-Oicbrane.CraigMissoari, CraigeCar-partiesemigrantsWrlght-98.TheWreckaftheHaacaiiaa.mls. IM<-.rris of'Kcnnsylvania, OllnT Vexn, Porter, PotteriRice. Boy ce Schwarts, SedpwlcK, ^Sbermap, JBomes, nan, whose investigatians may lead to Important dis-to dissolve the In- junctionagainsttheKew-Almadenquicksilvermine,Marylaad —SamuelJ. B. Crockett, aitd Dr. Robe were appointedThe ate prbtter. Mr. PxToa thougthhte tbhiell.gentleman frtobme oaladtbhe cSotnatienueind tshuecnhceditroewcatriodntbaes the Legislature bmyombng. Loss, (10,00*. A young man, namedto firat orderliig a ready hear til yoa baye to aay." SlaoeXnaTcraad the|Bouaecapistuaclh amendments to the Consti- of the of this tution, to be ratified by the people, as will enable tbe we are not exerciaing a jurladictloa to which we aad the Senate, prooeediag with ita buslnasa, had or- last aaaslati. In atnhteicDiepmaotciornatic Paor^ga,ntihzoaateiownho had State to lend her aid in tbe construction of the road,documentlprlnted,much about the subscribe to the subject of priatug as others. Bis knew that at the Legislature proposestock thereof. Tbat theaearealyawordcouldbeheardinthereporters'gal- Mr.TatnsDixsaidhewaanotwilUagtobeplaiced compeltheSenatePrinter,thoughhehaddonebis the fritehnedsmseolfvetshiassmteoaistsuroebjweecrt.euTnhaeblegetaotiaegnrteeu tor(yJ,retaotbeacatcicvuirtayteelxyistusrvtehyreod,ughout the State InIn a false poaition. Be waa glad to see all tus zeal work under existing laws, to divide bis profUs with among auributable to the re- Decrease aa compared with aame waak lastlaiT.Mr. Fkcb, offor All he meant waa to have the aant the House Printer. The idea was absurd. The reso- from Ohio (Mr. Gcrut) scorned all patronage, but mining explorauona. This isExportsoftheweek (88,000 year f^OMIntroduced a bUl to invlde for the public printing and binding. Referred.to the Committee, and thia waa magnUed uto a eaaenot having heard tbat speech, doubtless apoke candidly when he said that he wanted patronage, andMr. of CiwaoB,near Clearbales. The tarn ofIndiana, (Dem.,)so happened that tbe Republicans had elected for Printerdispositionmore for sliver tbangold,Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) presented a petition In favor of an Increased Tariff.CoastRange,COTIOI—Sales to-day, 1,000the market is in favor of the buyer.week, 6,740 bales. Receipts of the week, 13,000 balesMr. BmiOHT, offor the enlargement of the public grounds about theproceedlBgwas otmoxious to the objection made against it.whether of them is valuable cannot beIndiana, (Dem.,) introduced a billand would be tbe resultanythe of considerablelast Stock In 03,400 year. port,liberty. paperthe gentleman from New- York, (Mr. Habxdi,) proba-that the bUl was intended to enable tne House to get its documents more speedUy. How was that to bo done? Neither Printer could afford to do tbe workof silver mines in Western Utah. The cent discovesriynce these discoveries has been to searchCruz Counties, and In thelution also propowd to repeal the law providing Itiatunfortunatelycondemn a person without a bearing. He did not of tbe country but he itnewblyMaine had done thia when be voted to put this man a man wbo might be a rreat statesman, being an Ex- that waa what he did want. Both agreed, however, of silverthe office of printer shall not be tranuerable. Itla custody. It was not the intention of anybody to Governor aad a man of large Influence in the politicswhere a man waa not defended. Nobody deaired toand the result is that vlens have been found in Calaveras and SantaBlarkela hy Telegf«fh> BAVAnAB, Thursday. Kaiah 8.take from man liis His friend from any liberty.nothing think his remark about the of a Court about printing, and it was said had not etren ttiesilrer-mbiesin all these locali-Sales of the balM,further debate Mr. TaraBOU withdrew his motion to refer. , .the bill witless disputed the power of the Senate as a reason share in the profits.why he had not previously appeared before the Com- Mr. WAfEBrxN, of Maine, (Rep.,) said he was notascertained without expenditure olacoverles;There is no doubt of ties butmeans wherewith to establish his office. Under these circumstances be waa naturally anxloua to transferfor half paycomposition,agalnat 11,000Sterling Exchange, l06«lOt)S(.Houae agalnatcontrol of tbe matter puabed It through. Thia roeo-ship niagara, psoLnow in her foiirtaenth from Ltvar- day_forto force a partnership or association, at least so faras the compoelUoB la concerned. Ttaey all know thtt labor and capital. The.i ..taid Statea and Terri-seven mlies from the new73c.e74c. Poaxunchanged.^,„,ne,„ereportedatllr."'^*ennVyKinlaJ. S. 'ntua, T.of Oregon aadnotquotablyhigher prices.Savashab. Friday,fmmmm hmhnpre- Tbe Santa F£ with datea tothe ISth ofoccaaloa of theiron the 28th Inst But subsequently the resilotlonFloub firm;sujierfine, ^575-;, with an advancmg tendency -— ssswww.fultonhistory.com 