 JL«f A»-lfl||NEW-YOBK, TUESUAT, HOV. 13, I860. THK MIW>TOSK TiitHB.not caned. K & undeirisrtstood that a continuance Sbath is mncb lew fonnidible tiiBiHt ttii««t- { She will find it mucb eaater to aeeuie «a 4 lenare meu Qbstrnctigns wtijcli he ]i«»jj|^BkU?mrk,onFwrk<-T«w,SprneeandNasantts. and otherwise, wliich we publish in The VKW-TOBK tqiES 0Mr) U vabUdied every linanciallyMToint knd eraidac—Prlee Two Cian, lerred st 13X CniTS vf«k, mmShtSa DoLun a y«ar.do it deliberately. The whole movement will istration, she might be tolerated in such aCity,owners of the water-fronts and ferry fran-Tb«l,ui « jitai i^ntr ptmm wk* atO wiut «* a Clu» of f'^^N;$W-T0BK'T1II£Stwo owtasto one addiee* {or FiTxDoluk^- todiansofthefundsoftheCity,aSpecialCom-now desires to erect on the oath, she would be wharf accommodations for hisdomain»eTi4«rj way neefae aa tarro copy/or kimtel/, Two BoBmntmda BMfatkuamftnsation.to the Board ui matters in which the inter- ests of the City may seem to require information. The usual weekly document of receipts and ex- penditures was received from the Comptroller's office. In the Board of CouncUmen, a resolutiona law authorizing the creation of a futid for pav- would be much lietter for this to lot SouthTHEQnziao.Hendar, Nor.UL steamship North Ameriean, £roin Uvvq^Mldential Election. In particular, may be found 1 9I-EECH OF WENDELL PHILLIPSMadalina Pedbo, the notorious Portuguese Coun-tess, arrested for swindling operations, was dis-charged. There were one conviction and one ac- of thousands, of all parties, on this subject.The turn(8eml-Weekijr>—TmwJ: Bo"-"States,and whenthat meets, the tTnion isrespite.' Tfce KSW-TOKK tlMBS (We«»Iy)-i;^<> "°"'^of the Constitution, or apendence in the field, can achieve her inde- pendence.•m*er.»..< $1 eoet. skM rwn« »» '^"^ti«L The je(^-ar may "*°^Jf*f,"ZZt„ Clerarmon »t the l»»e«':series of frauds and corruptions which IMPORTANT FROM CHINA. shoold make Jfew-Yorkers blush , forot the TaltH the Antes.*eTMS^«7r?H^'t—SKUI'WEEKIiT TUIB8. THE STATB OP THE 0KIOW.latQMaMac ladiemttoaa •/ tke Criala.Carolina out of country gopeaceably thisUnion,vrith,Lastannounced to the Board of Aldermen the ex- piration of his official term, and that he now only awaits the appointment of his successorthou- Captureon the election of Mr. Lweoia, and twoon the I>aty of the Citizen, in view of the crisis, trials.as delivered last Sunday in the Plymouth Church. Single Copies in wrappers may be liad at theCounter. Price 4 cents.AmMeaeats tUa B-reaiBS. NIBLO'S GABDEN—MAMiaHaABi.LA0RA KEKNE'S THEATER—Paiaio Ann FAXor- TOODUS AKD FATBU.WOTTSB GASDBN—Roxxo ash Joi.iet.WALLACE'S THKATBK—Platis* whb Fiaa.K«W BOVBRY THEATRE!—MrsTiaiaa of Pabis—Wai- nci—Ml WifB's Come.BOWEBT THEATRE—SpALDiso * Rooebs' Ciboos.againstof last week, together with the political agitation molest or make her afraid. But the trouble inat the South, affected Stocks yesterday to the ex-tent of /re ^ ceni. additional to the fall of Sat- the case is, it can't be done. We can no more know that Mr. Johx Asdkeson, the tobaccon- keeping of the City fiinds, the amount of inter- Nt^>1es.BARNCirS ICUSEUM—Day and STenlng-\VHM Is It ? —AiTic CaiLBatH-Rosa Eimb.prices shippers bought'VVTieat rather freely, especially in view of the in-By pleadingto his adherents thatJ^" mittee or rctmnadiscus-nize theheld to her allegiance.UnssiTi:! -nswer is luit s'^'f". ''"' it is stated ihvfuts were to be e:;cciifpd, Kort Monllriibecalledontoexercisecoercion. Tothatex-Xew-^'oik? Tliese as deposits,the than news.yatiovale for thepubliL-aUoaoffalse*« jwmbeMkedibrt<MJa7 o? P"'.»f lp-Bi7BCB. ened to be before the election.in oiir withont color ofiaw. tuobQi'.There was also considerable doubt asto the recovery of Sir Ciiaelf.s Nai'IEe from hislalesevere lit of illness. Ijateat advices by the her Banks. One United States Senator hasmustresist therobberyregain possession.S.jthycav.the suspension of speciepayments byspirited citizen, they kindlyadded thegrant—a to draw By the steamship De Soto, which arrived at this Bench, Collector has ceasedhis sel leaves Charleston without a proper clear-Mr. Haws, tlie Comptroller, notwithstanding Bdchanan as indifferent to the fact that Diallc relative to the Warsaw totervlew. corpsprices somewhat.We—this time, and South Carolina leads the se-prize.It is said, to be sure, that Soutli Carolinahis command to reme-the error into which our municipal Solons ,be met with who dissent fronj the Administra-aredoing nothingmore now.aetas if he Board of Aldermen are to be previously ——amendment of the ac- Constitution, than toherIn the Board of Aldermen, last night, a com- from some sudden movement, some hasty act But in one way or th^ other, she must seek part of the great Coounbdore is almost un-for the purpose of 0»>t«TMn8 <'f'^.The dan- only«e8timony. TketrialISe^tedtolastabouttendays. gerto which the Union waaererexposedwas complishobjectbyrevolution.Itis not too much to act on tk^ anythatthismunication was received from the Street Commis- of rash men, which should commit the South secession if she seeks It at all. Her talk about paralleled in its impudence. New-York ha« sioner, amiouncing the eimraUon of his term of. " to action. Nothing of this sort has been done. ]ieaceful secession under the Constitution, is so long been ruled by those wonderfiil men. office and also hjs boldmg over under theTbe BfBtantaMt cf CaMa by Om Wttmtik,PrtrMitCharter, until the appomtment of his successor. The danger of It is well-nigh passed. The blatant nonsense. Possibly through the im- Law and 'V'akdbbbilt, that many begin to have ruMished IB tto Taos Baildlnc (Iraintiiig the City He give's a report of the condition of his Office, States which intend to secede, also Intend to becility or criminal complicity of this Admin- doubts whether they, and not the are thefull,andwhichwillbefoundinteresting. Alder-pro-reportsionlb tht EdUar of the Ncw-Yark Timrtwithout so much The unwrittenafternoon, at 2i o'clock, in thePark.nut, and never makes an application to t>e readmittedlaymisdemeanor, in runmng over a person, Meontlieofher own term.s—but never let her come back.Smith in control of the StreetUnless strong public rumor be altogetherwe can only nerve ourselves to the perform-steamship VanirT\m arrived at CteweeoBlh*Tbe steamship City of Baltimore arrived at Qaei^ towa on the IsLAFFAIRS IN ITALY.On the 2rtli the Sardtoian flotilla cannonaded ttequittaland broth-towhomwe forthemotionmadebyhimlastnighttohaveState Stocks were only 1®1 Vcent, worse thanout of her ownThe Constitution im-—will pro%e tatislactory to all sections of the coun- Southern man had ever before breathed the the Lnion,tually Lalips place, and that an eflort will be time in the history of the world. madetoeffectarearrangementonabasiswhichas if no—uponsecession, maydeclareherselfoutofof until after the charter electiou.—TiiK Kklarckd BATTKEy A Paie 0/ I.,vw-— i.sj.sSquatters. Formanyyearswith bars and subject to a thousand precautions,Wliat the basis is to be maybe fniiitcst wish or thought of any such proceed- proposid"jireamble,Alderman Brahy's have been transferred from onetry.gathered from the dispatch of our correspondent.ing. By the Sorth Anuriran. whose arrival at Que- their—victim.s will take the trou-the City deposits," says "the Emperor that unless the warlikecompelmon Council.APoco-riRAXTE Presidtixt.Just before the election.Ijrokcrs andpreparatioasa resolution, which was resolve itself into a Convention of the South-But this would be ceeding. onlytwofor which be pays no rent, and Mr. 'Yahoibbil'tBbady presentedthe difiiculties iietween thea Whenever the Federal Governmentchises.Mr. Law enjoysniai'iadopted, concerningArtisans' and the Shoe and Leather Rank, as cus-temporaryferry monopoliesWAR PREPARATIONS IN FftANCLof three to and being appointed investigatecussed in all itsud Fatlin af tbe Wmmv CAnfetwcM.Couiiciiuuui Sbaw was requestmg the adopted,At a of a few meettogunder a of assault, and one ac- chargeThe whole country would feel relieved if SouthSERMONS OF HENRY WARD BEECHER, of minor ia^iortance were disposed of without jury Carolina could be translated out of this Fed- er to the Mayorquittal on an indictment for burglary. Otlier casesUoyalisls near Gaeta. The French Admiral ttl-the Money market at the closesovereignty, where she would have none to"makeand " all reportinfor- and safeBusmess was generally depressed. Flour, Wheat, Com, Pork and Whisky were lower, and holders were to sell. The in thewhile those laws exist they must be enforced. There are just two ways in wliich secession" funds are nowIt was reported ttiat King Vicroa Emavuxi. wovld confer on Gaeibalhi the Utle of Prince CAunu, with an income of 3,000 lire, and would decorate him wia the Order of the Annunciation.LAaoaicnio! liad been created a Roman noble, a«d a n;edal struck to his honor.eager strmgency money market affected trade very unfavorably. At the reduced Flour andor disunion can be effectedlution, which involves war as a matter ofand is anxious, above all other things,is by an amendmentHOOLET k CAMPBELL'S, Niblo'i Saloon—Etbiopiah rates on freight to the principal ports of Great the Constilulion. As that instrument now noniinatinn heunder which wecreased of supplyfreight-roomand the decline in;against confirming anysuggestpainful probabilityBritein. Cotton was steady, but not active. Gro-leap fences, cross ditches, flounder through swampsamilosehalftheir aggregate fleece, at the chance bark of a wretched Scotch ter-were made by Doughis, Breckiaridge and That a crowd of bndceiAiii tirall-street havespeeches absurd."At Henderson, Ky., a mass meeting was held yes-tenia; of men of all parties, at which strong Union rier,—when they happen to be in the mood. the Union into its original elements. This isIMl men, and resolntiona were adopted expressive the same babtt, and obey the same impnlse,of the aKhorrence felt by all sensible people at the our readers may satisfy thcm-selves by talcing basis in common sense.betwfeen " the interests of theidea of a separation ofthe States. Arrangements a look at the stock sales ofwhile performance continues manifestly im-possible but once let the opportunity of ful- ;were also njade for holding a great mass meeting ofthewholecountryatLouisvilleatanenrlyday,tlieyesterday.—obligations uponsome name certainto be rejected, and sent inmuse ? Not Ablstophanks in all hissame purposes in view. Prom we learn that it is the intention of theThat to be thermometers of public opinion, acted as if the world was to come to an end next week."bodyof wise men, heldbysomepeopleVerv-active warlikeward in France, but the Hlnister ofwenForeign AftirghsvingW.islur.gton,Annuiiistration to make no move towards coercingSouth Corolina, excepting in a certain contingency.She will be allowed to take any position she There seems to be a great panic about dis- stitution certainhadnew conflict between Sardinia and .Austria.Priuce MEmaxicH had explained to the Freaeh Government the nresent policy of Austria. Intersal»o the Conrls and to stop all the suspendunion. We cannot, for the life of us, see the tlie States, and all the people of the Union. ireforms would be carried out to all; sincerity and,aspleasesmails if sue will—but not to inte.rfere wjth the pub-for tliat purpose, maybe laid before the Alder-she will mainjatn her line present armameats and concentratiun of troops to Venetia have no other ob-ject than lor repellmg any attack.Austiia con^iiders tbe asseaibllag of Congress use-less, uiijess the grcut Powers a^ee tjeforehaad on a coiumOQ programme, of which there is little llkelHioed.lic rrvenne or to open a port. The moment thisleast foundation for it.Obedience to the laws of Congress is amongregards de'ensive•Perhaps would be tliethey to find it out in advance.It is simply a case of obedience and dis- obedience to a fundamental law. The Con-it will,—but wc don't believe—is done a man-of-war will convey a revenue oflicer talk loudly about secession, but they have these obligations.wcholdto bebut the real nominee, in whose behalfTbeto Clarlcston, to see the laws enforced. It isdone little else for the last tenyears,andable;tion" may now have charge of that pecuniarypersonsstated to be the purpose of Tirginia to attemptthe office of mediator between South Carolinaand the Federal Government in case secession ac- disunion were mentioned now for the first that in the end. South Carolina may resolvepanic-strickenlater European news. The q^uestions pcopountli^d ble to remeniber,—there was a very general ly in words the authority of the Federal Gov-bybecelsewhere announced, we receive one ilay".sMarjlials,Judges,ignofuutter-was the cession of that onceand that spotBanking-housei.sOur Southern brethrenexternalmatters,ofgoodsMO men, and the occupation of Tien-tsin. his place. A Federal Judge has left the for the satisfaction of Federal law. If a ves-jN«r//i Amcriran veport the capture of tlie Taku and half a dozen are candidates for forts hi Ciiina by the Allies, with a loss of 400 to resigned,ported goods,Island, which iranchise, by the way, Mr. Law—pott-^rly yestetsay moming, we received our salary, hut the people request the Federal ance from Federalhis ardent admiration of Mr. Law's desire tAadvance the interests of the City, could not South Carolina. If," we are told, Southton Havana to the 6th inst. Thereauthority,seized by any Power as an unauthorized cruis-Government the facts recognizecorrespoiodenceis no news of «p«cia} iqipoitance. The Sugarmarket was very languid, and holders had reduced desire to receive the Federal mails. Thafs er on theWill yourhave been, or may be, accomplished to Italy?Postmaster to retain his place, asstillthe upshot of disunion in South Carolina up to!is understood, has been adopted by the newno reason to doubt that Ihree-fourlh.i of theconnected with bis late ofGce. He seems to have wbofe disunion project the moment it takes Sovereignty. No nation on earth wotdd recog- lingand the is they are received eonseqncsncetions of pablic sentiment in the State, there ishe has as a right to the public domain as goodwhat at the Conferenoe. passedI'coplethat form at the outset, but it must come to •' made aU right," will certainly not be heardArab thePublicPurse.Unlike all other moneys which have theirown strong abiding places, fastenediftheyLaw which warranted the donationof such a privilege, slight as it was, and he tl»e President thinks no one should complain.";conquesthistoryBatteryen- 'byCounael to tlie Corporation to prepare a memorialto the next Legislature, asking for the passage of licen a Democrat, It was unanimously agreed that it«• '^^ " ""^"' mg streets and avenues with the trap block pave- ment. TlieBoardacceptedaninvitationtoattend a review of the National Guard of Boston, thisseventyI1a re-men the Mayor, byquite prob- "interest" to thewhatever "institu-policy.emsafe. The whole subject must then be dis- should fall into the. hands of men whodence of one who (with hishasThe Streetevening Street Commissioner Sjiith ments to the amount of over>taxes, he has win an tlie taken possession of his share, without trouli- rived in Salt Lake City from the But, on bnsineas people put extinguisher upon hold intercourse w ith her as an independent himself to consult or purchase the muni-nal accessibleinfomiatien as toJu^es,witjT decided marks of faTor. Dr. FOBKXT, theanypays;late Indian Agent in the Territory, bad again ar-considerable in the affairs of difficulty setting upto behis agency. The weather contiimed delightful,were observed engaged in laying a block for about two hundred feet:md the sugar-cane was cropbeing rapidly workedOnePier No. 1, North Kiver, and about the same formed, returned yesterday to tliis City withtorr during the season is estimated as minions of bushels.high as two for a Stat* OonTention until after the electoral Government of the Union, or establisheddistance firom the line of the enlarged Battery,|700,(X>0 of bills due from South Carolinians,0»t telegrams fromvotes have been counted—which will be inagainst that Goveriunent by force of arms. This is one way in wliich South Carcdiuanot a dollar of which could be had. If theWashington informs us that llr.Bt»i>DECB Hyatt yesterday had an interview Februarybyon the ground read^for the construction of the suspect the President will findwMh tne President m reference to the sufTerings ofadis- nglyregaining tier poaltioBopportunity f sellers badThey Chicago. Ab 'the evening, yclaim of SUMIUalined that shetaUngthedave excitement to Federal Government on in South- gencies. It defines the steps by which such Commissioners,conveying orer- accident to her shafUan e: him to 4."Was therethem very handsome and valuable, a lottery to byThey occupiedthere, and wnnl,rW soon proceedby herUlDliever a time of excitementinsections.—and we have very Uttle doulft that the obstructions which he placedhavegoes every precisely usual. True, thereof the State with reference to thestreet on Friday evening. It was to celebnUlon of his wife's birthday, and to accordance with his annualThe steamer Condua, which was due Chtoa mails, met with anabe tsfccB wftjr 6«ii Oe-dVfi^;with aexpressforPekingatmriervflle,Il.,y«teidhad with.;Tlic rebels thethe' firstbe calledtoThe T:n:-s Jrjsl,^ listteiegramirtjon of the law thestructing this addition to our City'sRxcHBiKO bad an altercatlOB at the very vlew.first toter-. of' -tie tennofIs a very successful and popular teacher, and has upon one of Uw most douiioiiing scUi>oU ia tiie City.actual settlers preemption claims,carefully for its own amend- fort has visions in any particular^ it may seek %>-Ment expressed sympathy with law has been present destirute conditionbeen seized.things acquiescedinI.ATI8T.The Paris Preste asserts that the BoverelgBiition list to their behalf withNot a vessel has attempted tochangeand such but one result.of anNothing bnt a changebearings,obligationD(»igiiban haveWhy not let South CaroHna Secede 7"how- ever, the distinct understanding that %i»-J«rw<r stays— years beyond the time fixed for the com-and also that she be allowed to go on the most liberal;accord.poses upon the Federal Government duties to-such funds are Citydeposited, togetherwitbpean Cabinets of her totention to send aa iiMi»«h..-—may vvitlidraw her Senators and— llepresentativesfromCongress, refusetoper-mit her liti'/.rns to l>e Postmasters, Collectors,andgrim —It wus that rci>ortedthe Austrian Envoys had aeti-at.In Alabama ^Mr. Tamcky's State ^the Gov- the high seas, until her independent exftlenceHag of Soutli Carolinaup. The amount of wheat harvested in the Terri- emoi hjiB decided not even to issue the call as a nation had been conceded by the Federal pier-head,any ^hspe thn^ble enoughnize!—towards disunion, while public can get out of the Union, but it is not likelygot ——respecta south ofThe has taken not a Legislatureprogress,that the latter informed ingle stepth« the land-Bales could not be post- meetings are held to resist payment of taxes to be peaceful. The other is by an amend-strongin Kansas,'"^'.ance with his desire, but that such levied last Winter to arm the State. ment of the Cnnstitutinn. That instrument pier.^ndand attbe Of course, no one knew who was con- position to complain, if there be no judicial Danube, doing away with the neutralitywharf ac- to aid in their enforce- Black Sea. It Is related that Oeaneaaswr awlThis is all that disunion amounts ta, thus provides fullyto refile theirlUnot be disturbed to their pos- far, ill the whole South. Not a single'atears of the Comptroller, and measures were come to think that anyFedenJment.state of to the South, should besatis-or ftderalto another," until it has nowto the become a matter of mere eimjccture as to mence hostilities.that the Battery.saw Coclereuce. are pub'ishcd, and they amount sion should uistmitty follow the election of So as she confines herself to these City by the Legislature was a valid grant. week in the I'ark Bank, or have been sent forAiK-tria to tVe Einperor ut Rdssia at '.ho War- dt claiation iin the part of I'm: South that seces-public property, beautifulin Mi»>s,t;u[ce to a rtemand for Ituss-ian aid in the law. longi-vriit nt .uiuiher war with 1'r.aieo ami Iialy. Tlie, LixiOL.\. 'We look it for <jraiited that if the;.c dciiidiiilration;^. (he Federal authority may notKcccnt events, however, which have trans- pired, would tairly lead to the inference that there must be some flaw in the title underthroughKraTice en route for Ireland.ernment, withont nullifying in act any Federaltheyare the tenement-lodgers byFive Iiiind.-ed of tbe ^^ish Papal Brigade had passedgentlemen at the resi-forefathers)alwaysDepartment.their City. A contract without surety, pay-Ill the Circuit of the Supreme Court yestetday, terms, each gentleman present a to hand over the Street Department, with all is to be entered into to renew the same" having expressed Police-Court-opera- books, papers and accounts in good order, tions,—the discovery having just been made,to whomsoever shall be appointed by the aftej the lapse of years, that the former one TheJustice HrLLRN held m one of theClerk-Cases," that as the Metropolitan Police Act willingness to give liberally from his own private had'beeii decided constitutional by the Court of purse, if necessary, to secure such a resdll.itsthe action for salary (^'the plaiDtiflf, an And this feclhig was not from any faostiUty to South Mayor and confirmed the Board of Alder-Appeals,^ipoinfeenot' be sustained. In the Surrogate's Court rid of the eternal noise and troifble her foUiicictis givethe will of "Jim Crow Kice," tuioji Taoil- tliis country.A8 D. BiGK, was admitted to probate. In A State (the same number of whpce wWte popula- be her servantthat the work proposed to beNov. 1, tni Londonderry Sd, airived at £Ui port 6.30 P. 11. of Simday.The Cunard Company announce the iin uiaifiNO nent of their fortnight screw Uae to New-Toik a^ Tuesday, the S7«h Norember.Tbe Etna has been sold.of theMayorand could Carolina, or her people, or her tosUtutions, but to get Aldermen,done under it has never been performed An Aldermanic Wit.Theforand Board of Aldermen ing^The 8aa-1ff'«KH.T Tims of this moroing con- the Court of and Terminer, Judge Gouu> tion might be taken from the Oyerof New-lock with- some — weeks to come possiblysolemnmember of the Board of Aldermen..Citytain*, ta addkan to Its usual comprehenslTe Sum- held a brief session, but adjourned without trans- out hardly being mitsed) makes more trouble and months— Mayorscnnedutyhas devolved onofus prais-acting any business. Several murder trials, the mary of I^ews, foreign and domesUc, a Tery com- case of Enrioht for ticket swindling, and that ofof the condition of affairs the New York and Harlem Railroad Company forplete reprasHrtattonthroQghoat the couBtiT, as resulting from the Presi- calendar for to-day. In the General Sessions,thenoise to (his Confederacy than all the ether States to- gether. '^;DKATH OF IMWO DPMOOMAIA.il\at an A istriun liiploinaiii- note would soon liepiiliiisheil giving tl-fi re.-ult. The Enroiieaa jonr-n.als are rjenerally unrmimotis in pronouncing the reeeijit of the election ncvs, and that the soil stceasioii ill this form is a mere phrase. The City ownership. many the foxes, less hapjiy than the birds The London Daily .Ynns, of the 31st, says the Em-Wsrbaw "Conference a failure. Austria positively(ieeiarcp tiat her present policy is i>urely a defen-sive one. and that the concentration of troops inVenetia is «ily intended to repel an attack. VrouiIlol> we !eam that a Sardinian flotilla had can- disunion. Even South Carolina has ventured nonaded the Royalists near Gaeta, but were inlcr-rupted bv the French. The JVorlh AmericmDONALD.Vtter known a.s Lord Cochrane, in liis ated sueli a panic among her own people as toweeks since we recorded the action of the the Connijon Council granting to C4ioro«would be seized within twelve hours after the"leiii she may be j)ennitted to secede." But which the claims Notthe Aldermanicthe air. Our money has now peror of, publicof one " institution," and is afterwards kept on theStale would bristle with Yet a week lias elapsed and not a solitary practical step has been taken towardsof the French has four of the Uae placed shipsof eveiv bayonets.tiine must conic when it will take the of shapeand then the Federal Government can no longer igriore or assent toMoultrie, for example, they will be seizing brings the' intelligence of the death of I^orct Dcx- and that, too, is a month off; and this has cre- Federal property, and the Federal GovernmentsecedingnoturfherthantocallaStateConvention,—enlargement considerationfortheenormousapproaeli- NewsdeoounoestUs satirist of the Com- as direct intervention by France, and says Enropa mi' St not be allowed to remato a victim to aUtkis—that will consentwhichsuch a work would entail upon that public- and hail him as theofGaeta. Theresistance to Federal lawher recusancy. If her troops seize upon Fort with thea run for its life to escapethecolla[)seprevent Admiral Psssako, and ifthat to sinkandIf her mercliants refuse to jiay duties ou im-highShould Austria be attacked by Sardinia, and tbe lat-iia-. e advices from Utah to the 19th of Oc-tober, in a letter from our correspondent at SaltLakeCity. ThenewFederalJndges,KlHNEYand cedinghostCaosBT, apparently find favor with the Mormons.Thdr predecessors liave invariably ruled, in caseswhere tlie authorities of the General Governmenttmi'tbt Territory came in conflict, in favor ot the then also. There's talk in the Legislature of will treat with South Carolina, or hold withfonteft whici had the effect of greatly exasper- — until procured from Mr. Vashkebilt the right of plain if they are precluded from theter supported by uiother great power, whatIn Georgia Senator Toomb-s resigns his seatCharleston shall be a free port.But neitherother—after March4th!Ivkksos's term expires Englandnor France, noranyto the ferry by means of heavy stone posts Power, and iron chains. Nothing daunted Mr. Lawpersons,have resolved to raise a million of dol-nations of the earth. When Texas to run.Mr. Vam>xbbiltavailable. It is needless to say that to sue however, entirely upon such claims in the local courts, would Thelars to ami the Statetlic leadingThafs all that has revolted from Mexico, no nation could holdhas,coteraporary and rival. HeBerlin Kationat Gazette says, at Warsaw not uncom- the .slightest demonstraUon was made to the Freookwill stipulate with Englaild or France thathad fallen ;"he closed up the right of way"tion view. Those, for instance, whose bills upon South Carolina Banks and merchants have returned protested, may fairly com-ing transferred to German territory !What would Prussia do !The answers are not given, but Count RioaaiMstated that Austria was about to Issue a circular notetoitsrepresentativesabroad,givingtheresults.taxingNortherngoods, andapublicmeeting heranydiplomaticintercoursewhatever,ating tke Saint* at various times. For instance, — a shall have way to his own ferry-boats across the prop- only medium of collection which, intheVoiled State" ^*''''"' was decided to be tiie in Augusta numbering hundred or two her independent, national existenceertyowned Mr. and the by V.,ferrycontinuestheactual condition of can be made The German journals are unanimous to nrononne- tlungs, a faUure. *eman- ating from tlie Federal Judidaiyi Whether in thewithout or inflti- property, positionbeen estaWished and formally recognized bying tbe Warsaw Conferencepitmen dfllcer to weeutejoiiisial processes0ni6* Statee or'TwritdiAd eaaea; while the ence,mtrial Marshal ihoald aet in all othen. This view, it more has been said. But from all the indica- been other Powers. It was not has not wasted any money, but assuming that pensated by any possibility of success. Thehe' was the proper officer only in United States ea^ and that the, Territo-IMoimdns insiatedhis —though a good deal terras with her until her independence hail eclipsed greatpersonal hazard,United States District Court is the only tribu-been done in Georgia,^^^recognized byuntil after the decisive battle of San Jacintothat even the United States werepreparedtotheir ministershad several Intw-or:andIf any State Is dissatisfied with its pro-a resisted. Not solitaryhe thought some of the eral duties. Fifth Article provides fiilly for such coutis- matters was somewhat changed. The Pilot a very large and pleasant gathering of his popUs and ived very badly. The whole machinery of the who had addressed the Attor- their parests at tils house to East Twenty-fourth-them. If South Carolina desires lib-at ouce taken to eject 'thegreat squatterfrom factory everywhere ?»t Warsaw united to promising assUtance to Austria ifandackeekhowever, aqd aHan could not omit the ance,—nor one to enter without paying Fed- ment of the Constitution to that effect. Th^ Yesterday, accordingly, the appearance A Pleasant Gathkbibo.—Prof Chablikb had were byis hard to forget old scores,leave a Southern jKirt without a proper clear-erty of secession, let her propose an amend-the public domain._States would, with the ut- it their votes, and thus .se-elegant and bountiful supper. The lads of the school showed their appreciatioa of measurestakenby theirteacher^attentionsbytlicpresentofaveryele-arrested there last Marshal, on the Nebraska, who Marshal, while ad to the street who compelledem State, great deal ofLet South Caro-lina arall betself of this provision. Let her encroachments uponwho lodged wttaan shall notwhen there never dissolvedUnion. three-fourths ofthemostSuch a mode of seceding Owing to" the energetic would take =orne tinre,-but not half as much the Pilot (Commissioners,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069in the har-it is not improbablelost 400 killed and wounded. Tien-'Hen. The Ambassadors were^,s,The negroes not ?commenced set down ibr dboTt; bat al-alacritj,giveTalking Rebolntions areof $-2.-) fortion, wc shall ••sti to pcuro Us adoption.Chailiss cavalry esi'ort.is a talk,— great many resolutions, many very violent and very foolishamendments ni*y b« sought. demand that Congress—aspeeches :—but what of that »everythingwent olT -withgreatnnmber, and many ofgreatof over four hundred towerethe others »r-keepUnion" lor a luafj time to come.asthe vested rights of the them to pro-received, but the fol- eclat. A of the taking ofaThe Chtoa mails are not yet distrlbation lowing details had come to handwere a Government.perfectly harmless. If no- thing more is done than thi.s towarJa nissoln-which there were no Uanks, formed a somewhat•**a»*i^,.^^^^^'^^^-i:--jaawii^^^:^gfe^asa^^^^^the ruunie of thegant opera cloak to Mrs. Chakuis. Prof.rawn from Shanghai.dwthangh the Court met and orgaaiied, the case was The simp!-? t--,th Is, the myvcu^ca: i:. tli- as tlic or.iy otlier ni'jje opeii foi- her adoption. tl'it Mr. Van faiiiLT mayhad broa^ments, permitting herto withdraw fromthe allthe Taku Forts.bymeninhisstead. Thisis6irmoreofalosswas and illegal,to theCitythan to the officer who ceases to;but we have faith that foron Saturday. Money was dearer on paper, andrather difficult to be come at by some of the StockBrokers. K-tchange fell to 107i V cent. The wards the States as well as upon the States forms the of the City Hall, are such Committee, the interests of the City or turtuice of pursutog a purely defensire policy. Bank return indicates that aijout a million of (ioldhas been sent to the relief of the Southern Ex-change market, chiefly to New-Orleai!S. The re-mittances iell off yesterday, while the GovernmentSub-Treasury disbursed half a million of dollars.duties towards the Federal Government. atmosphere Both doomed to disappointment.the public may seem to require."The London Homing Advertiser asserts, on the am- Ihority of an official dispatch, ttiat Viewa EtuBsn waste immediately tx>mtmrd Gaeta by sea and land.are obligatory, and neither can be shaken offIt is not likely that Mr.FEBSANDO Wooi» willThis resolution is not admirable in ob- onlycourseand the otherofthemake for the office of labor of losing both interest and principal at ^choose to allege, or for no reason at all, all the bonds which hold them together, and dissolveoranyothernomineefromthe sameall.;-byRevo-deposited!Couldany ironybe—one isto se- cure a Board of Aldermen of his own way ofCity by themore eifeetive, or any sarcasm more clearlyone fell swoop ?CANAL-STREET—No. 36»-lfmtiooK'a F««« Oaubbt Foreign Liquors were inactive. Hay and-^ops because it would contravene any specific pro- sible inducement is held out to all who It is very true that at the time of the Admiral Pr.asAKO had commenced and sospeadeiEMTiKiAiaiums.or Oil PAisraas. ^^NE'WS OF THE DAY.Our readers will not fail to t)e more and more eonTJnced, from the perusal of our dispatcb|is tljisniomuig,stands, peaceful secession is impossible,-^notwere in good demand. The changes in other vision or prohibition which it contains, but have been in the Street De- present Chamberlain's appointment. Mayor firing on the Royalists near Gaeta.ceries, Oils, Metals, Hemp, Naval Stores, Fish andStreet Connnissioner, the very strongest pos-Tvaoi, Friday.Wood gave the Board of Aldermen to The news of aunderstand that Mr. Platt would pay Trsa, has been declared a pure torentloa.branches of trade were not important.The Disflnton Panic.because it would abrogate and emtisculate the entire Constitution. For if one State canpromised placespartment under the next regime, to. work forthe success of Mr. 'Wood's Aldennanic nomi- nees. Those who have been so promised inmysterimu expeditionunder Gea.Men, after all, are very much like sheep. that the disunion sentiment is rapidly They go in droves, and not only follow any-may. property is not protected; another because her cotton man-opeiattaaeOne may goioetng giouud in the South. The more conserra- body who will take the trouble to lead them, ufactures are not protectedwereweretiTe portion of the population aS the Slave States but they run, when anybody will take theare at last wafeJng up to the necessity of making trouble to scare them. A flock of sheep will —and so forth. For any reason— Wood, quarter,gomemoTementtostaytlietidewMchmightother-wise oTcrwhelm them, and the result is seen inthe altered tone of the adrices from all quarters.to be given away in the entire Department, an appointmentsudden which overtook that collapse— secede peacefully, another may a^dcUlinterest to the for Citythe useofitsfundsViCToa Emaxdel and whose Oaxibalbi,because her slavehelping to prop up the falling fortunes of a Bank which has since c«me to grief, despiteThe City was —combmed,for tntUe. FRANCE.;gladFormidablemilitary prepaiattons'a tliird becausethis aid.its principal ^ifif has saved it out of thethe national debt weighs too heavily upon her,theymay immedate ofMr.Hesbtand some writers construe the reoeat going on, cmenbut both, in that opinion whichsuch other informationas,in theopinionoftoTurin. Onthecontrary,abehadreiteratedheraa-next December, many thousands of No construotion of tte C«Bstitution those who are at present his mostwhich permits such t proceeding has any Nor is there any more wisdom in the sug-placeshand, the natural relationship of the"orpublic"vanced!ie., closingthat South Carolina may secede, the ot/irr States assent. It is not a case for assent, or for the action of the other States atimposesas the plundered, to thepreparatioiisgoing lorgestion,if fillmentCity,"meaningtliey fusal to obey those laws, tt may not takeSecession issimplyCity bytheMayordiscriminating, than is conveyed in that dis- sented.;They are embodied in laws,of the most sacred and solemn character, and ment of Mr. Ukkrv Wood until after the De- in its wording. The Committee, forsooth, isby either party.lake any serious steps towards the appoint- cember election. The Mayor is a shrewd man,ject, but most sarcastically brilliant and witty to report the " amount of interest" paid to thethinking.the present Board ismightand as there are only, at the very outside, frompreparingprobably embrace six or seven thousandtwo hundred to two hundred and fifty placesand supporters. 'It is hopefuljunctive conjunctionwhich the resolutionTbe Bourse on the 31st was firmer.Rentesad-the citizens of Kcw-York have lived under the delusionfiedof Piedmont wereLegion di."banded, Au.«tria would immediately com-Law the privilege of constructing a bulkhead north of pier No. 1 East River, to correspondforlretsfor weeks in search of an " institution " bis ships under these ciipumstances.of must be seized and a pellet ual ferry franchise to and from Statenthoseheld by the Federal Government as security had enjoyed gratuitously for many years.—mystery and repeated surprises.THE WARSAW CONFERENCE.Count RscBBsaa had given explanaUon to the Dipto-slie be mayFederal law has ceased to be administered in " '•Austria the three putfollowtog questionsto Riurik:grhickseas, and forfeited as lawiul find any'Carolinadoes not desire the Federal Courts,took the only means at ,-dyOn this point, as on some others, people willwould ba their attitude m the event of another war, and its be-ney-GeneralshaU propose amend- City, received a reply authorizingShe will find plenty of supporttured afternoisy but very agreeable feature of the evening. This rendered. The AlliesUntitled Documentother citizen whoanddeclared that court finally closed, the Pres- The monarchf andident does not reopen it, he will exiiibit au in- vie« s, but difl little mere than exchange optadoi OSM-the ou cipal authorities. A few days since laborersstate of Europe, which was drawn an ta* Old not .«igned, because the sovereigns and their iBllMeB we are in- could not come to an undeistandtog on aerer^ flM^ ers of importance. OoamcKAxef* fcBad to aaavtoee the Russian and tbe Austrian itataamea Out It would be advantageous to all parties if flte treaty of Maiak, lt<56, were subjected to a revision. Kuida is axeeed- desirous of oa Ike,commodation;but,length,of the Battery, and as a VingA(]!niral Pkksano will take no in the partsecute the Commodore in the name of the State—to demand an inunediate removal ofgifts,The Northern ForU three hours' fighUng,-andcap-every dav during which such obstructions remained.was followed an by,bor, and to exact a penaltyexpenseWe lake off our best hat to Alderman Bkadt, ing tiege greatDailyrecog-publicsteamships, Theas by your leave."of her inde-of thislargement, if made public, would expose aamay foil to come to any mutual understand- Fully aUve as we are to all the ridicule—allThe We say, in the namt eoynmon sense, let her go on ing as to the person who shall succeed Capt. the suspicion-^which must attend such a step, Ut.This communicationexpressesthefeelingAN OWB WHIO.Department. astray as to the Mayor's intentions with re-ance of the task its justice.byan earnest conviction of—to this oflBce, Mr. Hekbt Woon fonner-that wegardly manager of a band of minstrels,say then,atonce,regard—eral vale of tears into some region of solitaiy must look as our future Street Commissioner, a Special Committee appointed, with power to retired and returned to Naples, ezpressiiig regret atis thepersonpatched a frigate to stop the firing. Admiral ITmni necessary the conduct of the French.it all 'Weboth strong hopes of being the luckyinvestigatemation connected with thecontingent on his being able toright" with the Board of Aldermen.custodyurday. New-York Central closed at 74 t* cent. let her go out of the Union than she can go ist, and Supervisor Jons It. Bbiogs, have est paid thereon by the institution in which it was denied that Austria had informed the Biu»-;ofIhe attacked Piedmont.THE WAR IN CHINA.sanddollarsforworkneverperformedofpletion of the worka de- and now a new ceHtractwar at St. Cloud as alar institution ;" and hence the delicate eventual campaign. Tbe Smperor, on the 31at, re- States would be at perfect liberty to sever the would be likely to result in arraying against poignancy of Alderman Bsadt's wit. viewed 20,000 men near Paris, btvouacking, aail allAgain, what satire can be more bitter or the proceedings of a regular campaign wire repiv-Let usAlderman Bbady as deserving well of the publicinstitution" in which our publicenergeticeasy to feed and retain men on promise, the public ?" Here, by the touch of a master- Prtoce Mrmaiaca and Baron Hnssu were lethepassreward, and wolves are not more savage than"the grand army of the cheated" will become.Street Commissioner Smith's head is therefore all safe until after next December election. Thatwithoutbringingpledgedthe City officials, as the plunderers, is at once re- vealed and absolutely laid bare in eight verj' simple words! Why does not Bradv quit politics and court the favors of the satiricglory could have surpassed the flashing irony of that suggestion relative to the payment ofonlytoo —to savenaval and!particu- cilofpalpableindicatioBofSBCitywhethera month to nurse in the Hank of the SUte of Juiiicial proeeedings had been instituted againstcorrespondents agreeinrepresentingMr.subject the litiganttobard, are lesshappytotakeit inanddoforit.if. Judge McGrath havingdifference to two or three provisions of the ceriiing theConstitution, remarkable even in thatPublic Functionary.collector,thatthe block was laid, and piles were holders of these obligations l>e appealed to, weand so rapidly did the Saturday-n-orkauthority maintainedit reached the ment. Or has Mr. Bitchanan-, from long habit,custom.Over a hundredboys were present, andpicturedbyOpmti.li'WashingtonThere was nothing as to TicTOS EnAinmL's risU !•Capua troops.had beendefinitely occupied by Gasisaim'Sat SK. SSc.ceived by the Emperor on the 28th.pronouncedagainst Francetakug part toaaybefore Gaeta with orders toan attacK onbynecesjarydisconttoued,and theHnngariaaprogramme. ^The correspondent of the Times at Vienna sulfas^^^^^^^^m www.fultonhistory.com 