1Senate.Free Suffrage for Negroes in the Honie.Mr. LAwaXRCK notice of two new Rail- wltoout molestation. The day foDowtog the jump- L. Stntiu left San Franeiaeo Jaa. aad arrived at I hava not troabled too Banch with gives City SO, me relieve ;}*A i« «.* *v* »i-*^'^^'- ">#^tOL. XZ—4(a 9819.TRANSATLANTIC NEWS.^NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1860.PRICE4t»-: A>:lt.tM>< QiiejiiliiFROMballdtogs, and whea waned to deslat by a ComiaittsafBICJJUDAATHAUFAX.toerefofa aay to yoa that you are at liberty to comaoBlaite toose I have just expressed to any one who may desire to kaowthem.We fed verynniidardact ia tha li^l a* aiXcfl*<tatlmMBcgaHUBKthePro- ErieRailroadStock. PanamaRailroadBeadsMILES TAYLOR.apbcn. oftkeHNttener.Laxua pot his foot Into it.tad HaaaUoB CTarytUBg but to* aacra aWhU* he wa*of wants fhn tte Oeaaialhahatavaiea ia tkd eeaeial OdrarBmaat, ha'wBIn* iteaBihlp Aaa was to leare tor Mew-Yor bortly after the Couidc.Tht itiwihir *"f"f~~'i &«>>> New-York, airlved at Urapool an tte mcmlag ef tbe 37th.R. E. Wbrbsrt, Saeretary of toe Town Company.aa On the nightState to tht fariOBftFreach Bwwfth their opinions as to snch an arrangement.Ob the irth. In the Commons, Mr. OaimrB calledFrom SabFBABCisao,allsalliiii to a n»»pasturem^"*»mem^ »-sr.'ia-Uj^l^^fj-J^aui:^jmsufkmm^'^>^''^^^^^ LSTTBB FBOM PICS IX.-flOMnl u4 CwuMTcial IilelligeiM. Inctnding 3,000 onmarket closed firm, and the previous advance waswesterly easterlyAinOBA.The Pike's Peak BattWBaa antrad here thi* after-loitkWe ^ waat'^^*'^^^'-'HtuTW, Friday, Feb. 10. n* Boral Han (iMiiuiMp C«|M4U, which left iHMfMl at ]eo>«lMk «Btke aonlagof tte 38tli<p tka aflanwon of the follow- tit 4iV, Mrivad kna at 1 o'eloek tliii aflenKMm.Aa iMawpt wai made to lead her sewe direct to Beilin.whichanfortaaalelrteiled,iaooawqiuBoe TheBaUroadTollBill •ftteUa*bieakiageaitotLewlstoa,Malae. The•ewtwaelhen tttrted to XaBtreal, «a Qtubee, aad'wkat wa hare m reached tide Clir.bat a nooad breakveeairad to the eaetwaid of (toebec, nshappily (ui-faadad farther coMiBTUiIeatlaB.be enabled to for a loan of to be se- negotiate $30,000,curedupontheproperty. ThisIsnotpracticablesolong as toe State mortgage is on the College, aad theTrustees represent that toe grant of $40,000 from theState was put to the form of a mortgage loaa vrlto llmlta. The jnmpan oosBeaeed toe eraetlaa of their free assent, as tkey wen daafrous that, to caseII II.sold-wWch Isavn^«H ^^^Tbey are signed by the bulk of the prominent merchante and bankers of New-York, Ia tka HoQse of Lords on tlie 26th. Lord and are very emphatic against the proposed legisla-;through Chambers-street to Broadwayern branch from Bowery, through Broome-street, Centre and Canal streets to Broadway.during toe ensutog night, but no outoreak occurred. It was the prevailtog t>elief that the claim controver- sy would lead to serious results.ofHaa was misstog, snpporel to have beea washedRepublicans likely to,anything etoo-indeed. a 1 _ that the People ndehit^'iOiUSAT BRITAIN.The citizens of Aurora havtog taken measures to suppress toe petty robberies which had become alarm-overboard a bysea. Arrivedoff toe Hook on Feb. 10,theyAK. But toe mtoes are full of oldBaeoaBUi g«n aotlee that be would, oa aa early day, iBOve for some retains relatlTa to Blarery, and•lUBe aade his aiotlOB on the foUowlag evening. The Doke of NawoiSfU, In response, said the re-tion in this matter._SENATE.AiBAirr, Friday, Feb. 10.most virulent order, and theblowing very heavy gale from N. W. The —or, ratoer. It was, the last time It attend Ut \fartag ike whcde qaestion before the Hoose. I also mart ftar a retam of the cotton Im-Feurteento-street, Mangln-sfreet, Rivtogton-Bouse. A whopreservedquietduringtkenight ThenextdayTheslderation of toe factetaateathadnotbeenmadeacquainted oftheWhole.stationery man, druggist ley, silversmltoChas. Chap- and R. H. Bai-January toto the farmtog regloas thatslop* andth*that 30,000 Frenchtroopswerewas SanEixball & Wsid's It was telegraphed that Gov. Miitob S. LAxaaa had for them. The harveste were aoaaiieclajatLeghoin,aad whethertherewas Inqoired•ay laMan to siqipoee that tbe object of such a move- Muiwaa tolerant the annezatioa of Central Italy tatlwilMiIJsmBnausaid there was ao tmthin theCixonniAn, Friday, Feb. 10. night, destroyedFrancisco,Tuesday night lasttog toeyutter over toehehadBO reasonwhatevertobelieve atqp wfah the slew tepoted to it in the qaestion.fetchesbitogs$lwhile at our last bearing thim the Beat it was worth with yoa IH cents afetohet 84 cents toe bushel. Meat* aeaieelyiala1ttatflwFtanehOOTemineat contemplated any suchthe Union, if it can be without preservedto our WABBBOCSIB, BLXTATOB, BOTIL, KTC., AT TONA- Latbah could be$175 toe hundredLord J«B> Knnuttea Vt lb. Koiouoa Ibuns, that In compliance withflMaiifaewoftheHoanw the cruelties prac-come up for Dr. Gwib's place.alio stated, in reply to a quet-posture of our affairs.CeraMr. Calucot spoke af length In opposition to thegtrea tiy It to Mr. Dailis to enter into negotiations to men.pot an end to the atrocities, so disgraceful to humaa- After a debate, tbe resolution wasfire, last night, at Tonawanda, destroyed thethat tlead eahaaid AaMricaa ships, he had communicated colored persons were not eitleens, and had no rights with tha Aaiolean Government, and power had been as such, and that citizenship was confined to whileaCoBventiimwaa being drawn up vrith this ob- ,ijKtlBvlew.[Cheers.]Latbah worked hard for Dxkvib, but after the firstthatiabyputtingdowntoeNorthernagitatorsof LargeBaakDefaleailaniaRkodelalaad. Cauctisitwasseenthatunlesssomenewnameanlted JdoBotdoubtIfyourDown-EastfarmaneaaldtmrtiIty;^;put an end to only one way\Vtm Attomey-Oeneral gave notice q^ a bUl for the asalldallon and amendment of the bankraptoyTha imains of Capt, HAxaisoK were removed from 'sented alaw removing the East River steamboats from their present landings.Paovmaiicz, R. I., Friday, Feb. 10.toe Wbuxb would run opposition,off with toe prize.knk on our broad, untouched acres, that an oflhiadfor sale for a song, and could gat a gUaya* of thePark row and Broadway, asBy Mr. CooFU, to exempt sextons of chorchesfrom jury duty.Also tu compel Justices of District Courts in New-York to pay over all fees, &c., received by them on proceedings had before them.Also for a railroad from Forty-second-street to ^ for ttie week 83,000 bales, of which 10,000 were on Houston-sfreet and the East River.first for Washtogton on toe steamer of Feb. i. He is $85. PrincipalstheBomagna.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LITSBPOOL COTTOV MABKXT.from New-York bound to ashore toside toe Hook, laytog high up.IsCourta of this In 1853 he was toeCounty. suscessfulReal estate to San Francisco la looking <ap.. For bustoess stands to toe very heart of the city New-TeakTha sales of Cotton in the Liverpool Market addedname and toe particulars of thedisaster are unknown. 1SJ5, fortunately for him, he was defeated in Conven- withto five mtoutes' wtlk of the City Hall, $tH arand I1,M0 for export. Cotton active. naiaarket closed aetlve, with an improvement upon tha fair aad middling qualities of 1-ltd.iaMi., partic- olaily in nplsnds. The sales on Friday were 10,000By Mr. Jo:n8, to provide for the inspection ofdotoem or give an aavantage to thefr enemies.Tbe Hnds«B Bridce Caae. HcDBO.i, N. Y., Friday, Feb. 10.tion as a candidate for Governor, Inasmack as his rival only gatoed a Convention victory to be terribly whipped by toe Know-Nototogs, who toen swept toe$1 ,600 is a big price, notwithstanding the lata t)m. The grade Is established, except near toeeiowB of toe hlUs, and toere is less and less danger, iaaatkly,afpaofilatlOB,steamboats used In New-York andIt empowers the Comptrollers of the cities of Newtobales,ua, tne market closing firm.deeplyand anxiously upon what toe rapidly approaching fu- Hudson Bridge case was denied to-day. The temno- of CoIIectorship of toe port la 1857, when Gwia was level wito toe sfreet Speaking of real estate, threeas&oilied qaotations Fair OrleansFair MobUeFair TTplands:in said and all boilers or steam now cities, machineryvery groundon Stockton-sfreet, nearWaahlBgtaa^tnet,OW ware Amertosn.WIATM or TBABS Dl HAMCBMBTKR.The bill also fixes the fees for Inspection.tluroughoutuse ofthe church of which he was tt** Co.. Bma Asaaxf repart steady ''Mr.of the Coloniciicopy Legisof toe of nations towards a greatfamilyTke Aaierica Ontward Boand.hadlearnedtoerich Hetarriedto tongue brogue.waids.to show dtlxea* wkat tka!!2^*-^"SL"2?l.»'Bv Mr. Jaqdis, to consolidate New-York, Kings,advanced to jW«and all now vested la powersHe Is Governor, and we all turn to him but, to my view, the Union will tie, and ought to no avail, as toe murderer had done his work well. wltoout a doubt of his future brilliant career.MSS'y".'Sd='.°c'?^u^{'Wa Bullion In the Bank offloods us wito Governors' Two are Messages.midnight,rIgb'B of toe Souto and of her people, and a fixed de- man on toe beat would have noticed toe body on go- annual let methat tha Philadelphia medical students are making a Man-toepede for toe South. Sad new. forHacxxit has been playtog FaUia^, to tbe MerryWives of Wtodsor" and "Henry IV.," to koaM» .7share to toe and as game,|hasto eodear toe two, he will enter toe Senate wltooutLOHDOa XABKXT8.chair. How he is to likelyprofeFsastehderwsilwUenrgenees atCity dotog,ened of the job, and this year put la the Mihtet )M"Democraticcandidate for Congress. In WashtogtonTennestee sixes. Shares New-Yerk Central sues. New-York Central sevens.. New-YorkCentral ErieRalboadsevens,1stMortgage ErieRailroadsevens,2dmortgage ErieRailroadseveas,3dMortgage ErieRailroadseveas.Convertible35Is pot at »K',7»,Hi,«, mrtu than la Mu.PesBsylvaaia Central sixes, 1st Mortgage, 87$f a 88H Tbe London Timut ol Friday reports sales of nii- Bols Central, Freeland, i860, at 7ea91K: do. 7s, 7«. New-York Central Railroad SiiAing Fond, 8iM. Erie toMkiiglttliulffairi. Railroad 7s, 2d mortgage, 8094; Ho. 3d mortgage,a public streetAeald be produced, and tbe GoTenunent a Railroad in and through certain streets in New-Fire*.ABLOCK or6T0BK8ATWOODSTOCKWoossTOCB,Vt,Friday,Feb.10. file broke oat this monung, in the Edson block, and has destroyed toe stores occupied byus while we are busy getting togeflier a Bifle iif»-thtogto Uve on when old age orertaka* aa, I,eglslature fifty-three membersanfiomtheBaiS|^1 4a all la Ita power to anppieas the Slave-trade. Tia|larviieofMouuaaiaskedtbe OoremiaentwkatharthayhadleeeiTe^anytnfimiiatlonofnegoti attM* Mid to ha progresstng between France and Sar- dtada hr tlM aaazatlan of Savoy to France.Bad OBsavnia said the Govamment had no Infor- sIlMi of aay nagotlattoBS of the Und, and tbeYork;also a bill to authorize J. T. Mills and othersH«B. nilea Taylar> af LaBlalaaaj deeiarea la(iBTsrofMr.Frotn tht Nno- OrUtau OeUa, Ft*. 5.I»J>m yet of Am tisalia ia-York and Brooklyn to appointof which 3,000 were to speculators and ezport- engineers as Inspectors of these clUes, who shall in-1 have given toe most careful attention to toe pre-The motion for a perpetual injunction in the State. Meanwhile he was enjoytog toe appomtoient findtog your second-story wtodows om a suddenlyMr. UcL. HuBPBTfive remonstrancesTasquesmilitary companywasassembled,The todebted to I»urser CiBB»A»,of the Atfauttc,that far the Is from the Freelies to the who are office-holdersIa>g« patflaa tC Statea, The4tt-toconstructaRailroadIntbeCityofNew-YorkfromDaaciaa. Waibihotoii, Jan. 19, 1800.andIfty-twofromtoe North sponsible officers of the two Hosaaa,The following are theTKiMiddilng Orleans... (li-l« in use, and after three months from the passage no7Si Middling MobUe s;^rar>' tojunction entryhandsomebulldmga are gotog up on a pteoe ofMiddling Uplands tH The stock in port was 042,000 bales, of which Ht,-engine-boileron a permit from the Inspector.Presidency.By Mr. Coona, to prohibit the sale of adulterated advieea firom Manchester were favorable. lard, or from which any portion of its oil has beencolleague.Souto, and of toe whole nation, now require should ritory or people of any of these Ualted States, has California. On Monday he was Inaugniated wito Bume his bargain. Hi ii.lii i giiiiil i1iilillti«litiitil tln«Ovtdk aad yaniB were selling at foil prices.UTnFOOL BJOAMTUm XAUUT. Heasis. SioBinsoB, BnaoB A Co. rsport Fuca tall, with a daeUning leadeaey: sales at Xb.aaBs. Sd. Waasx doll, with a downward tandeney, and pre-taken, and to compel the branding of packages of lard with the names of the fsctora and the gross weight.By Mr. Lsvt, to provide for a levy of tolls, the same:been Indefinitely postponed.CoBTletlaB far Murder. Pbhadblpbia, Friday, Feb. 10.imposlBg ceremonies, and delivered his first message. Yesterday he sent to his resignation, and on Saturday Lieutenant-Governor Johii G. Dowaav will gather up his Bklris and take toe seatfindtog himself a real estate owaer agalBBt hit wflbbut borrowed toe mcmey and kept the deed. Oae dajrsoon after, toe City grew up to toat direction, aad Ihittrustees proposed to relieve thefr paator of kl»i«^iBa- stollities. Hewasnotanxiousnow,however,aadla 1853-4 he pocketed a very handsome reatraO. ktTtona qaotatlsas barely saaintained. Coaa steady, and wUh lather Bsesataqolry; sales of YeUow at 30s. 64. wego•Os.Syracuse,andRoaie aad Watertown Rail-murder of Joaa Copic, afterhave rendered a verdict of murder to toe first degree.(umrooK paoTinoK vabxet. —Maaira. RieBaaasoB, Snnioi * Co., and Bisuan,everybodyis a native ofasktog Ireland,days.holders offered ^ritilMwada*dispaaltiontopresssales.Poaa lature.— merciless, devastattog, destructive war. If this seemtog hostility between toe Nortoem and Southern States Is, to potot of fact, real, It is hardly necessary to say toat they can no loneer remain memt>ers of the same confederation. The elections to toe Northern States during toe present year will neces- sarily be decisive as to this fact, for the question upon It Is now, for the first time, dlsttoctly before toe peo-HAurAX, Friday,ezoeediagiy valuable property, and toe tovoluntary real-eetata- came to California. Halttog at Los Angeles, toe blue ownlng dominie has a very handsome income o-Jtand red lights of toe apotoecary glorified his wtodo ws of Itfor full six years. Meanwhile he had done Super- In less than a monto we shall have a railroad raa* visor's duly, and to lt?3G he went up to toe seat of nlng the lengto of Market-street, whleh halve* tke Government m the dlgrdfied capacity of member of City. The otoer projected road running XKurtk aad^MftWa. Laiafc»tsteady,Cityat S7s.aS8s. «d. BulahiiiPOfc ODinvaiyInaforthe office of theof theof New-YorkatumpeoL rmoBvos xaxkit.Tka Brakaia> dicolar leporta Aaaia qoiet at 2as. td.to, to amend the Charter of New-York, so as to create a Bureau on TenemenMiouses.;HistorySurrogatejust groundfor warAlso, a secosd bill in relation to tenement-houses in •Ms. far Pots aad Slkkfor Pearla. Saasa heavy. New-York, it empowers the Mayor, Aldermen andAt li o'clock this morning, intelligence was com- Assembly. President Bccuakah appototed him Col- souto, pauses to Us comtog ; an injasctica <Caitaaqolet Rioa tea. PUladetphla Bsax «B.6d. Commonalty to make (such laws as tkey deem proper,ple, and it must be determined by them. If the prto- municated to toe Police Head-quariers, toat a most lector of the Port of San Pedro, on a salary of $1,000 upoD toe Supervlaors just aa tbey were 1Ms. N.; BaUiane 8s. Sd. Ciovaa Ssaa In specnlaitve dcaind at Ms.«}Ia. Con On. XISAjCM. Libsbsbto compel all owners of tenement-houses to provide ample means of escape in case of fire, the same to beshall have been approved by the Common Coundi empowers the Council to make regulations, ordm- aaoes, Ac, for the management of such houses, and to Impose a fine of not more than $500 for the viola- tion of the same.dplesmatotatoedbythegreatNationaiDemocraticParty are vindicated by the result of those elections,all will be weU. But If, onhappily, on the otoer hand,our Nortoem brethren are overwhelmed to the con- man was found to State-sfreet, on toe pavement, to ticket elected and forgotten. Caucus, which moves as to who shall do toe city prlntlBg. The AJWtt flict, we of toe Souto, to my judgment, must pro-nounce toe Union at an end, and engage at once to toe consfruction of a nen Government, for toe pro- tection and advancement of toe toteresta of oar ownVn, Ms. 8d.«Ms. Kisn steady taaaraiatXs.«38s.(d. Taa firm and tendina ap-by the Common Councilof fees out of itLast Fall he wasputupon toe StateThenewspapershave beea agoodded <forbids the erec- 4t«d ; mediom to fine 4s. «d.«13s. Bnuis Tusna- tion of any tenement houses in future until the plan^^ -itS"*f "^?'1« ropOTts BaaiBSTDrrs quiet butAn officer, passing by on his beatto a mysterious way, has suddenly ll'ted him from toe Presidency of toe Senate toto toe Gobematorialdid it last year for to ascordaaee wlfii He nothtog,;oonunon, 4s. 4d.«approved;';front of No. 14.observed somcthtog on toe walk, and stoaptog to see what it was, found the cold and lifeless body of a man. It was at first toought that some drunkard had fallen,^ 10s.«jes lee. for both railsgf*SS:n^?***^** ««^«S8s. 3d. SooASSfirm. and Richmond Counties, Into the Metropolitan Healthpeople.The mere election of a Democratic President, how- but a full examtoation of toe remains satisfied all of have done he will do, and to toe appototment of of all. The Timet (Republican) Is like to flet ft krIs. the 2tS^"te!?' EPMO". «d.eis.SJ«d.,clo- District, and to provide for the appointment byThe Union conttoue unless toere is a cannottoe unhappy man's real fate.The skull was split open, as if wito a club or a barCommittees,bis good luck, he seems to havesg qawiCT. Bnasa Tusrsarua steady at 3«s. Tal- Governor of seven CommlssionerB. It gives the Com- "Wstsady at »as. Coma quiet. Oils stesdy; missioners the power and patronage of registration,complete revolution to Nortoern politics. Not only muststarted onRics^'^-^y « MHSofn for*"bothgerm?»^. r^i* '" S"**! demand at nnchaaged rates.looUng up toe curiosities ofthe;quarantine regulations,theBaard of Health and the City Inspector's Depart-ment, together with tb - street cleaclng, inspection of to be broken up, unless toe Northern people,!LOSDOX MOKXT ItUKXT.Of course our to toe extraordtoary happtoessLinseed,a7e.town.The Overland Mall, wito New-York Jates to to*22d of December, arrived yesterday wiUdn reach of toe telegraphic fingers, that rifled U of a lotofCaa-6d.our candidate for toe be carried, sun Presidency, from toe wound. Immediate aid was secured, but all ristogtocreateanew WardiaBy Mr. Mu-uisif, to provide for the indemnity of Bsaiaos' Circular quotes Ba«Suvb« 5b 2'id nm the sufferers by the Schuyler frauds. It provides that unless tbe New-Uaven Railroad fully indemnifies the defiauded parties prior to July 1, 1B60, their charter bhall be repealed, and it authorizes them to moitgage ibe D^pot and property in this State and Issue bondscome before and two are on Saturday night,KAViUC BA«KITa.Bissk aM%t Jan. 24. tn<:Iu.i„^ Cwiwi Tha salaa of the week foot up 5,ouo balesfrom dome to pit B»" which lately has alwanEngland had decreasedBy Mr.Bsisos,__nrrt«Hew-Orleaas trii n^maxrt, 109f,; ditto to., 89f The for such indemnification.that of WiiLua L. Tocag, a Custom-house night-Such a result as this 1 speak of can be secured watchman, attached to one of toe many warehouses to toecrammed, at exfra prices,barelvonlya handsome balance to reda;e toe plentyprincipal with. filled all toe boxes wito toe ilUe,RaJljojd..otoer andI ;AKBITAI.OFTHEJKnMXTWC. markof1888.ytn it will seem a* tiir<iinli1iLATEST MARKETS.BT nUOBAPH TO QOnNSTOW*.LrvaaroeL, Sunday, Jan. 2»—P. M.represented oras eiavlBCi aoBe kit 'dM la itfltComoH—The sales ofyesterdaywere 12,000 bales,The Board of Trustees of the New-York State Agri-cultural College at Ovid present a memorial satung noon with dates of th* Id^speculationand for Tbe export.lad $S,000 to gold. was delayed lity-two hours by heavy aaows, whleh iell to tha d«(ith a( fifteen tocbee betwaea the aad Little Blue Biver.The ateamship AUaiUit arrived at thisn>rd-Five caM. onwitoln our borders. You 'havayonng States, from Ohio to Mlnataota—wkv iinv ust The coBsideialloD is that(»ilo, or any of her Uter-boTB slater Btatea.toe pabllcdollait by the tlBw all areargnrnent vrtlh us for Inslsttog on yonr laaaiSganerosity. Fbarfk—Wewantatoepaid bills, bat it was Uncle Bamnel't )otk Mft'over!fully malnlalaed.BiBASsnnm werePaevisioas qtiiet, with unimportant transactions.Loxsoi, Saturday—P. M. The closing price of Consolsls»4iia94;> formoneyand 94Ha94^ for aecoont.inst,quietat Friday's rates.the State may be released, so that the TrusteesmayALBANY.the Cohen In ;AuAjrr, Friday, Feb. 10. Bemonstrances against the passage of any law interfering with the Eastern steamboaU are pouringOwtog to threata havlBg been made of toe city, firtogsteamship Atlantic at 2 A. M., Feb. 3.of Feb. to the GulfAtlantic encoimtered a severe gale from N.N.W., withveryheavysea. Aseaman,namedCaamDemoertey, (hMtflwl aad crett (rf the Skrra Nevada to km I. .Into the Senate daily.and a west-CosBpresentedagainst reatoving the East River steamboat landing.Mr. LAvaxscB gave notice of a bill to authorizeJahib H. Woods and otbers to construct aad operateSt.Roanoke was to sail for Pensacola on Feb. 6.Weehawken ferry, foot of 42d-street North River, toFulton ferry, at the foot of Fulton-street, East River,with branches.The Railroad toll bill was considered In CommitteeAMessrs. Millishan jilaikiitA motion to accept the Rome and Watertown Rosd was lost by 10 to 18.ASSEMBLY.Albast, Friday, Feb. 10.The concurrent resolutions for the amendmentof the Constitution, by abolishing the property quali- fication, were taken up as the specal order.Ur. Tax Hoan said the friends of tnesc resolutionsGeorgePaul,grocer,Jaa.IS,lew. community more surprised thanFranciscoBay. Thefieldsaredid not desire to debate them, but were them their support.injury totetests, and ^ito honor to ou rseives, will concur wIto me to this opinion, If toey will fairly considerWABDA, N. T.BuTFALO, Friday, Feb. 10.put upon the track. His friends toat after he had served his two years asorpounds, llt'ceatta^ioaal,proposed amendment, taking the broadA large number of remonstrances from a B,«alhe9((h, amidst every demonstra- of the counties of the State was prescated thepro-proachtog elections, or the Souto must witodraw fromgrumblers' ledgers, toousaidt of ttam woold tan toefr exhansted fields into cash tad axaR fikaaMtleia-tataspect. ThebeUsweretolled, mtaate guns ttjtA aad the shops closed.^niiimajority againstHe is also a defaulter to the Sav-vote Latoamof tbe cheap rates of fare oaflMstasaatiatolntir up the Istomus trip and set down their stakee ia^Oatt-forala. Farmers,ndnenaadBHchaaletanlade- mand. Clerks, unprotected females, doeloAfkldlaw-——"'togs Bankurer, to toe amount of $36,000. He has lost the moneythen, to stock speculations. The prepare at once for toe separation which becomes to-«'aelfd mneh attention. Some of Its pro-sti ihad been publMied.tives are now immediately before Why not. us,yers, will make a poor bargaia t^treatybetweenEngland andnumerously-signed ^> Idter advices bad been received from Australia. stated that there was only one signature thereonfollowtogEdmund Randolph, (.'Lntl-Lecompton) O. L. Shafierresultorwas a pani^at Uellbourae, and numerous i Mlarea had occurred.LATEST VIA QTTEENSTOWN. Lisbon, Tbursday, Jan. 20.The Cortes have been opened to-day. The King's rpeedi mentions file friendly relations of Portugal with all nations.IIahus, Friday, Jan. 27, Than is nothiag new from the seat of war.PAaia, Sunday, Jan. 29. The Diaveri publishes a letter of tbe Pope to the Arehhiihope and Bishops, stating the motives of his rafiiaal to accept the advice of the Emperor to g vs upfriends m the approachtog contest? To tois I would holders of bills ought not to sacrifice toem.3 her serviceswlli surely be wantedThe (act toat a Senator has been chosen is hailed she mast needs be strong-minded to fiad it;:lQ^a(aknown to him as a citizen of the town.The bill to abolish capital punishment was referredto a Select Committee, of Messrs. Van composedHorn, Blogham, Robertson, A. A. Myers and Gibbs. The DiU to commute the death senleace of MastHabtuho was favorably reported.Mr. MiiLZE gave notice of a bi J to amend the aerelative Lo the use of wharves and slips ua the East Rirer.reply, toat I believe any steps Ukea by us in that di- rection at this time would be prejudicial to our North- ern friends in that contest, and would greatly dimmish toefr chances of success to it ;;but to —tit'of toeall making money, at thefr net profits.parsed Intheafternoonsession,Mr.MiiLzs,ofErie,pre-Slavery question to be put an end to ? To meit seemsknown, but it is conslderabte. The Insuranceissmall.to 36.betoe question, to toeir respective States. Ilemon- sfrances addressed to toem by toe Souto will be of nonumerously-signed fmemorlal against anyIt was announced here thisRhode Island Exchange Bank at East Greenwich had failed, and toat the cashier was a defaulter to tbefro rata railroad tolls, or any legislation calculated to Clippie commerce. Also several petitions for the Pro Rata bill were presented.Mr. MoBOAB, on presenting a;>rorafa petlUon, purporting to come from bis town,aad establish a newBut it may be asked, if I believe toat these alterna-cfrculatlon $44,004^Weller WashmgtonBILLS IKTBODUCID.most be fcBalea. Schools (males) have $ltO aBy Mr. Wibbtss, for a railroadAvenue D toin theirmust admit that we have been for years, andare now, under toe highest obligation to toem,willbespect and certify to all boilers hereafter built for usedisappototed aspfranttime, Latbaii never forgave Baosxaicx. Of course which Is still toe property of a cleigyBtaB wellkaawaas on the Canals, between the first ofApriland Ist ofDecember, on the Central, New-York and Erie, Os-he probably never fancied Thejuryinthecase ofTeoiipsoif,triedforthe hewouldwarm—toechafrofGovernor.roads.By Mr. Osiu., to repeal tbe Metropolitan Policebeingout an entire week,But who Is DowKBTf That is toequestloBtoatact.By Joxis, to provide for furnishing one'Feb. 10. The Royal MaU Steamship .^mertfa, from Bos- ton, arrived at 1 o'clock to-day, and sails at ft P. M.,for Liverpool.Marder or a Watchman.A CrSTOU-BOUSX WATCBMAJC KILLXD.toeImprovementaon it if we hear aright •earaelyto each memt)er ot theHf ataadr. Baoes steady i C<nBberland46s.; By Mr. Jaqczs, to fix the salary of the Chief inijtate. it would have afforded aweights and measures, Inspection of bulldiags, Ac. It makes sweeping changes LU the several departments of the City Govemmenl.torough a majority of toefr Representatives to toeThe crime must have been committed to toe neigh- borhood of II o'clock, as toe body was found at nearpos- session of three several Governors withto oae week,By Mr. Mabiixsok, for a Railroad in Grand andto one way: By placing at toe head of our and around State-sfreet He had but a few momentsnational ticket tbe name of toe man who is toe em- before left his companlouE, to good spirits, to makebodiment and true representative of toe friendly feel- an tospection, but had proceeded a snort way only,togs of the Norto towards us and our institutions. v^hen tbe murderous attack, which led to bis dealfi, lars ; Gov. WiLLaa thinks toat 45 centa on the $100tered. SroB firm. BoflAas heavy. Laas dull, aad eloi.ers of tht EmigraUon and Marine HospiUl the Politicians say what willsubsidlEed press- a doubt, as toe deceased's watch robbery,from already published.TBAHishishousetomontoaU other(females) has* tltfi i8083 «85 M a M «%M 84 «87 80 S83 68 A?0 30 a35• «10 100 al02of March, or to compel them to pay 20 per cent oathe same. Passed Noes 33. by Aves 66,At 7 P. M. the Assembly adjourned till tomorrow mmning.Bnslneas Before the Senate. A HBW CITT SniKZT.Mr. McLxoD Mubtbt's bill to alter the map of New-York City, declares tbe following piece of landbe-from the Bortherly side of Forty- second- street to southerly side of Seventy-ntoth-aticet, the easterly line or side of taid piece of lead belag 405 Ihet distant westerly from west Una of Foorth-avanue, and line thereof being 425 feet dlstaatlion of the Leglalatnre, wito a view to toe boldtog of a convention of the Soathera States.1 have BO coneealaents from the public aa to my optolons on toe subject under caaatieiatton, or anyAccept of my best wishes. Years traly,FROM THE PACIFIC.lin thetoeupon Commlttae, who,acoaacO,ptmctual relrabaneaaBt et tte expenseofcaptnrtngonrdusky"dlgtert." 'Wetatareadytogivegivenoutgroimdtoat toe national confederation of toese Sates must belUngs County.experienced, practicalsent of and have reflected position parties,or steam machinery is to be used unlessThis nevertheless frue.layourvicinity. IntheearlydaysofSsa1 Rev. Mr. WniiABS purchased this vmpmtr iC*^'--f'^*^^ rCi't,n«it^»i?n^ ,>jmf^ >?"->.»1t -*«five feettween and parallel with the Fourth and Fifth-aveaues:Seventywide, runningNEWS BY TELEGRAPRVraB Jeflenan Territory. ABABCBT ABO BIOT—BBBIOCS DI8TDBBAJICB8 ATOoreisor, he laidGorcBMaBt Kowtkitfrom the east line of Flf(h-avsaoa.THB ASRICtTLTDBAL COLLXOB AT OTID..imeriei.to.Ftrst-An Orertaadforth the success and prospects 01 the College, and asklngthat tbe mortgage for the $40,600 advanced byThe outward booa^toat, axpreaport yes-bsca madeTka wko loft New-Ynk oa tha aoth De- paaHBgarac«Bd>er, l$H, ia tbe AtUmtit, e<anectlnc at Pasaaa with the eeUoi Ottt, made the thnmch-trip taaodays and • hour*, belag toe shortest time ever made froia New- York to Saa Fraadsoo.The Facile Nail Steamship Compaay's steamer Johngirea TtU^rSL^ wa, ap aara ^ujv'"of a failure toihoold be ptotected from loathen entertatoed that toe State would release or dis- charge toe mortgage when it became certato toe en- terpiise would succeed.UOBB CITT BAILBOADS.putoperation,ofthe their IntantioD to town, toe Coapaay declaredhold toe claims at all hazards. Rifles ware leveled^^^^THB PRE8IDBNTIAI. QUBBTION.leave withto five hours under penalty of being bung, which request toey complted with.for of prompt delivery—Hon. Louis Bcbh My Dear Sirel^t Free State*.New-Yorkers good to ride out on tols IStoUtm:certato proposed " Jotot resolutions reUtive to «urRussell A andW. booksandFederalrelations,"reachedme whichwere jewelers to-day,«t t* BMkaccompanied with a note from Tavlob BaArrr, re- questing me, to your name, to give my views to you on toem. This I now do wito great pleasure, and with toe most perfect frankness.;Tovm MAaUrACTOBIlS AT CINCIilBATI.that, in addition to toere Is no real tois,justtariffnecessity for any action of the kind now,partmagestoe State but no doubt was;Tbe otoer bill granu a charter to J. H. WoodW J-H. Swift, S. A. Walah, L. N. Glover and otoers, for aroad from the Intersection of West Ttdrty-first- streetand Eleventh- avenue, through Eievento avenue. toe citizens and Implicated persons. Ex-Sheriff Mio' Twenty- third-street. Avenue A,Avenue D, Houstoa-sfreet.street, Tompkins-street, Delaneey-street, East-street,Grand-street, East Broaidway, Chatham-square, Chat-ham-sfreet. City Hall- square and Park-row to Broad- four of toe most offensive rtoters were ordered to way.at 3 A. M., maUng the passage to 7 daysThe .4tfan«e was detatoed 4M hours waiting for aA of copySouto,It irfould do toe rhetmiy eyes of TIbIiiiwhen toe necessity of a separation is made manifest the Literary Societies were thrown open, and about by toe defeat of our Nortoem friends in November 500 gentleman and ladles were received by the vener-toe State where toere are noa good deal of crowdtog /or and none situations,next. The situation ofthese friends has been foreble Prof. SiujuAif. Two weeks of toe lectare coursepoliticians designate; yearsmostcriticalandtrying and,notwltostandlngmtoes,what has been said by some of our own zealota remain, when thirty-fivelectureson given.ofGrammarSchoolsdisparagement, every hlgb-mtoded man domestic animalsofGrammargratitodeand now, when to alluuwlUlog anything uimecessary, which might discourageavery young man, not yet33years ot age!He wastoeir assistants$80.But toe vacattoaa annotnd*turel6tobrtogus andI ;is conttoued fourteen of toe order and notice toereof.tell you now, wito all frank- ness, toat I see no well-founded hope for the preser- vation of toe existing Union wito hanor to ourselves, but in toe candidacy of Stbfhxb A. Douslas for toedays after toeThe Ohla Leglalatare. CLBVBLAirs, Friday, Feb. 10.The bill introduced by Mr. Habbisor mto the Ohio Leglstature to prevent and punish toe organiza- tion of military expeditions In Ohio agatost toe ter-elected Senator, Latbab was afor toe place, and for Bxosxaicx'a defeat of him at toatoptolonsSouto. Some of toem to which I canunder and yet 1 believe that he Is toe man, of all otoers, toat the toteresta of toe] Itverylow. But hit peofde tbooght it Jany circumstances, concurbe the candidate for toe Presidency. My reasons forthis belief are toaseThe division to sentiment between the Norto aadSouth has widened from day to day until the peopleof toe two sections seem to constitute two hostilenations. The unfriendly action of maay of theNortoem States wito respect to toe Souto, throughthefr Legislatures, toelr Executives, and thefr Judi-ciary, has been of such a character for years, that ifit had been Indulged to by one todeuendent membernelghbortogever, will not be sufficient to preserve toe Union.Senatewhich has been done smee he toe as ita bid seeou the hiaest comtog year, to-be;;may seem sfrange to you, but it Is Mr. Docolas entertains various which are condemned toehe was not wito Dr. Gwia's particularlypleasednever,excess of love for hisafterwltodrew, bat durlag the night a party proceededto toe claims azi% destroyed toe Improvementsroad schemes. One incorporates J. T. Mills, D. D. ers retaliated by firing upon R. B. BaAsrvan, PaaaB>aatl)(o>eIaek oa Feb.S,vUh*$»yaaeagenBy mind of an that la oa SoftIf ash, J. 8. Thompson, Richard Kelly, George Irvtogand otoers, to bulla a road from toe foot of FoTty-sec-ond-street. on toe Norto River, along Forty-second-sfreet. Third-avenue. Bowery, Chatham, Pearl andFulton streets to Fulton Ferry ; reiurntog toroughSouth-Sfreet, Roosevelt-street, New-Bowery, Chat- toe sfreeta were pstroUed by armed bodies of citizens 8,fato a iMMagBn^aBd little said OD the rafeieel, farltitalliham-square, Bowery, Third- avenue and Forty-second-with a southern branch fromstreet Chatham-street,asfor toe reasonagent of toe ExprNi CianjiBiiy, who, however, es- caped unhurt An attaapt was alio made to shootaad $l,47e,0H «8 hi traanua. Her express crossed toe Isthraai, aad WlInererhaiipniedseveral collislosis occurredSASH was fired upon while entering toe sfreet from thetogly prevalent,betweenPilot— apllot-boate were at anchor under toe Hook.Left to Aspmwall, V. S. steamer Ramoke, V. 8.Lcvit, and U. 8. store-ship Rtl^f.mbUngregtaalB lb* I political aspect of affairs Is very enrieo^ i»e*»-SABiXRT,Ja::ksoavllle,;dayAJ. H. Mordock Haskell,Clark,;French, grocersA. Hatch A Co., hardwareiFriday,green,1; also,toeoflBceoftoeClerk.findabundanceof farmers tell of toefr lastMarlae Diaaaters.Sajidt Hook, Friday, Feb. 10.boUtaig:onthesiLyear's eropa, and great 1when late onthose who drew up toese " resolutions" at the pres- flooring mill. No. 569 Race-street, and communl- been selected by the Democratic Legislative Caucus was so Immense, toat our home marketa are over-my oplaionImproper A lastand I am cattog to the chair factory of Wm. Nabxbs, de' to represent tbe State to toe United States Senate, to stocked wito everythtog. Flour, than wkiek IkeR lait would be unwise andInfor us to have any action of toe kind contemplated by fire,ent sesalon df toethat all who, like myself, desire toe preservation of sfroyed It also. The loss Is $20,000. Insurance, $10,000. place of BaosBBicx. It had sever been dreamed thatLegislature;persuadedCO sells for $5 75 or tbe liarteL better, $•WkeattoepresentIt is certain that toe Slavery question has, at last,reached a crisis, and toat it must De an end to, or putAlarge elevator and three vrarehouses adjoining, be- longtog to A. CuvBLAira dc Co., and toe Americanpound.dissolved. This, I think, will admit of no dispute any Hotel, a large and elegant building. The fine dock anybody but Wzmu, because Wbllib Is a Penn- The high price of tabor aad the dread ofwhere to toe South, at this time. And toen toe ques- tion necessarily arises in toe minds of all toose whotwo trumped-up land claims are toe two tmghtan— would avoid a dissolution of tbe Union70andDismal as thefr wallkigi are,clear thai it can;andtoefor herself.existingUnion,governmenttotoesame afwhichhewasTreas- town,:have no tight to gnwtwhich toe elevator was built was also burned to eylvanlan, and toeHow is toe toe water's edge. The amount of the loss is not Nortoem men to be sent to toe Senate to succession.uponchivalrywould neverpermittarmers, notwitostandtog which toey araavail. Guarantees extorted from toem will beductive of no advantage. The enemies of the South,and of Soutoem insututions, must be put down bytoeir fellow-citiaens of toe Nortoem States to toe ap- amount of $;4i,seo. The capital Is $6«,0eil, aad the lowingassets of toeevitable if our Nortoern enemies overcome our ample for the redemption of its circulation, and toe M. S. Latoam, (Dem.)andthe students of the Vale Scientific School, to the Agricultural Con-AcrlcDltaraJ CanTentian at Tale. Nbw-Havis, Friday, Feb. 10.with joy, for toere is presstog need of legislation on pleasant or profitable.The last receptionTheBoardofEducationhasmorningthat tbeIn this emergency Latbab was forced to veer fromhis own programme. Caucus those him by tha fol-:51 43 2 Next day the Legislature to Jotot Conventionand toat we owe toem a debt ofwliich It Hill not be easy for us to repay. Theyhave withstood, again and again, toe unitea assauiU The schooner Mendoza, of Eden, Maine, Capt. bom to Ohio. In 18il he was a clerk to one of toe oned to, and toe year really has but tea '~—«i-of toe fanatlt-s and demagogues who have been solong warrmg upon the ijonstitotion, and through It,UDon toe rights of toe Soutohuman Sppreben&ion the final conflict between toem Anotoer schooner Is tthore at the Horse-Shoe. Her be made no mark, but toen he made no mistakes. In prices rule, but for snug homesteads, aSxMt fnt, and fanaticism and demagoguery is about to l>efought, I must confess, Itoat 1, for one, ambrutal and bloody murder had shortly before been committed In toe First Ward. The dead twdy of asure,and$2,000moreifhecouldmaketoatamotmt itblrih,sta;sItacourie.learnedtoe electoral votes to secure toe election of of Iron, and toe blood was flowtog quite profusely course toat was marked out for him. Hall to toe visible at toe OrientaL He to eajoTing his lelsan lanational Congress, and torough the action of toelrState GovemmenU to toelr various departments—executive, and judicial—give unmistaka- legislativequitecoU. It could certainlyyetgresBlonal nonsense and toeBrooklyn.market ctoeed doll, aad <*lth these qaotatlossalatataed. Tka sleek in port was 102,500 bales other streets, New-York.Flora was deelialDC. Poi and Psasi. Asuss were By Mr. Biebitt, a Prohibitory Liquor Law, con-dnu, and qnotatleaa bare!/ maintained. Coma tslnlng the main features of the old law."ayaat. One were stow of sals, and prices unal- By Mr. Dwigut, a bill concerDinij tbe Commis- And toat man 1 am certato 1b STSPUxn A. Docolas. was made upon him. The object was, beyond will furnishble evidence of a settled disposition to respect toeUnion, t •termtoaticn to put down and punish all attempts, wltoto their own limits, or by their own people, to violate toose rigbta, or to htoder or obsfruct m any way thefr exercise or enjoyment.reporto,gleanfigures that willalready,qvotationa nomlnaL WaAuaoaa—aalaaunlffiportaat. i-overaor and Senate to appoint three Commisslon- es may persistently misrepresent—but If toere is any and chain, which he had displayed on gotog penses for 18i» were $916,182, (of which $100,000 toe wizard, gave his "poiittTely Uit night" onAifonuji anran.A—i.?"* IsJuaa Baamia reiwrt the business in"There were no marks of a scuffle, as toe docile ones to toe for which toe Reservations,of us so. He has never exbtolted before an seat since his nor has he reached the*««»rltlea limited at S?"^8j»t=»»s, Bonds, 1868...were B^m^Bonds heavy.rates. 98Hospital, Is clotoing.Uie Marine Hospital, and take charge possession of toe popular mind of toe Norto which the unfortunate man could have had no ttme General Government is expected w pay,) and toefamous way yet it Is not Ukdy that h* dreams leavtogrSSIlfSprevious"^^^^-j*°°°'^' ^868Bird.I*"'•' *«f» others P»««d amongtoe will rod ConstitutionofJovmal, have some fine specimens of thefr skill atffnfr ?*'M aMS." I*!"SS'".k^'!;"°^'"si 2H theCOHTt. ""monthB and tostead of two, we are to past,enUUed to five representaUres to toe popular branchsjaiaipuB, isn, FaBBQhtaalatTea.Jj«olTanla«Tja,BaidMIT7 S?TM" Carolina fivesTcaaessee sixes, B««te,.;..'a? SEntertalntog toese view*, as I do, if ILouisiana I shoald moat certainly do all to my power "Lead's Bridge." T. Smith has "The Frozei clalBU cover only 14.5«8,«N acrea, aad tba'VhfrtaCo. report the market qulal aadaUows next hope and t>elief is, that under toe leaves a ^!iE£m nh« ?',"•* Hospital to appoint as many influence of the entousiasm excited among hlB sup- parties.family.There is no clue to toe _theguiltywas $87,088 more toan any precedtog year.He intends goinjwXt %» 85 Sar80 Se O"n"t'a"r't«o»To compel County Treasurers to pay over the the Preeldeney—and would, at toe same time, as far tions, aad attrael very general altaBHoa. The Harta stiu Ik two millions mora thaa kalped hear tka bai>82amonatof the State iax la their hands before the ]ttUntitled Documentas I cpuhl, discourage any action at toe presaat ses-and was toennot have been committed much earlier, as the police-tog round upon bis usual tour.It was not long before toe body was Ideatlfied asto otir table already. From toem and from toe State Officers'startltog newsmay theyS'ontrs, who, with the Health Officer and Uie physl- oae ttdag clear to an unblaised mind, it Is this : That out, was missing, and had apparently been torn from were for shoottog obsteperous Indians and removmg Thursday. As he has notbegim to advertln la hitclMs of the Marine shall fo.-m a Boaid to Srzpoxs A. DocoLAB, at this time, has full histake control ofmatoten- is. at all timesru'o„r.oniPl,s^t'i«onuserbsitUoTerlng frformomsickness or dlscise, the truly, and on principloef, favorable to thetbe Consti- to prepare for defence. State-streemtan beset rowo-f State's recelpta were $1,170,835. We paid for schoolher stay at the Marine Hospital?ilV?if»ri„i "'** election, myWe had(B«fore Early"¥5tr?.iiF, 2" 'l";',' nurees. and others,«necessary^. pottersbyhisgreatqualities,amightywareofpa-Siaie during toe twelve7,904babiesbomtothe aUfairness throughIndiaaadPalesttoe.and»«"««bot»*.»rJil^L^H~,IfJ^~w„^t»"'' allowing the coatinued use ofSeveral',h«:trtolism aad of devotion toover toe whole Norto, and sweep away every vestigeAlbany Evening tbe statue of toe " Little Peasant" and busts of Gov.S?£??jE.^^n?i„-"' '? ^» »" e»*«'"l «• provisions to tons business wholly in thisof Black Repttollcaalsm and Its abomluabons fromofThe whole area of toe,wSSn a fbrtnlght past one WnJredJj^^"^dptog country. InnUatloBtoDlsUlct Attorneys, requfrlng them toCongress.ibdlt." -abalov.^" a»"»1« with thfClerk, vrilhlB thirty days after the close of toe tern ofMorganSpring."G. H. has plctares Boughtoato hev'""^^To facilitate the eompleUon of the Lto secure toe Charleston who seleetlan of delegate* to"" " Christmas Eve," and Wtoteraad Railroads. HudsoB RiverWtoter,"somber assessed for taxes Is but 7^IU,Wi, wkicb den ofUzattoniaJfiSS, Tht rahu «f that* unitedak;1Cape CoSity Minaesota.to the exfrejiestportionsaadacres of laad and water, moantatoeand Of swamp*."""^ fJ^^TdeieS- Vork—one half ef themhigh places nation,of Iowa andState embraces 99,4flJ,M0ered from toe Califomis 'coPas^t,^'f'tlrTJ^^^i^ »?Maywoeld be to favor of the aomtoation of Dooslas tocradltable have also ioinc Sac specimens oa ezhiUtlOB.produc--,collect the master or owner ance of all toe rights toe South under the rdght, a lonely place, and any by- '» wUh^n S?,*," "'.,?" emigrant vessel bringing persons tution and to toe Union. If he should be the nomtoee dies baa but a poor chance. Mr. Tooss was a resi- purposes $427,603, which, toough but a fraction of •' Conundrimi dodge."SIi„^M. '""„• dlseaaes, $5 per week for ea^tt paUent of toe Democratic Party for toe Presidency at toe dent of No. 225 Moaroe-sfreet where, it is said, heyour city's annual expenses for toe same objects,RicBABB H. Daba day for CUna, in flieour artists, saystoe of the from toe Aroostook and the art exhlblUon In Troy. Palmar has three pieces,91,476,000 iHDetaflB tf the Lm8'^ DXMTBBCITT—LTBCB LAW TBaiATBBBD AT L«UtfrmCallTflrtli, tke btkaai, ud toamanlyway. BntirtatwadlAtaaB'tfUtftH 'LBATBBWtan, K. T., Friday, Feb. 10,Telafi^h. Seeoad—A Railroad aeroit the odattHat•*' '*' '' •j''BigGreat excltesMBt pravalled la Daaver City on ac-anngk^rlp havtag hi tfRatyaadahal/daya.»» hmda, ana-It will amonatV> a tflU^count of toe jumplBc of seaoal elalflu witUa Vbm dtysteamshiptoe late'We areplanalJonfreaa tte Calitealaoa aadSdtantsy Barotog, Mb$Ib(nant of Jaa. 20—thaAa|i(awaa pBaaagentbespeete Bhl|^bank are proceeded to an election wito toe<evening,bybecause toere will be ample time for us to act vention, was an toteresttog occasion. Tbe halls of a reputation for honesty and fearlessness while be pared wito the New-York and Brooklyn rataa OtifOnr Own Oorrespondent.hadGovernor he was toMeanwUle toe best toey could do would be, not to al-lowaNortoemmantobesentthistime. Electnow aboveyourprices,andgameofallklndaltdogehe^Stateaffairs,andtoereis a satisfactionwith generalofof toe State. Wsixxa has made has been Governor to the " Cow Counties," as toeteachers'toe result to tolsfor toeaie not bad, but it must be remembered that then toagricultural parte of toebut he has not beenagriculture and signally devoted to bis party, and that has hurt him Prtoclpals wito toe power toat had an election in ita gift La- Principalsandputttogorder,expectstostart:assistants, $100; of Primaites-"^.^--tT,has beenfor the last twowho came over before hisnothinghappenedsince:good places for snch an takea. If aIS home here to cook to, when the caa Ud* htr(Lasthe elected, by flattertog majority. Governor of many regreta for bis lack of jodgsacBt, flirtttBl to •(»•anywas aSeptemberMaryland till his beard bad grown, and then, to 1850,canHe gives assurances that whatever Latbab wouldany cost BatttsyAfc-were to of claims toe Uon's share. Friyata fromtUa city '^Twlllgbt'f -^harp Froat" "Nightfall" and this, Dacle Sam.,,,. ..v.Bfream,"Evening." These are all highlymanage, nobodyguess-a fewhelp you to an official uaderstaadtag of toe prosperityof California. Our State debt, aU told, is a Uttle over $4,000,000. We pay our toterest ponclually, and after! l^tjeresIk* The total vahie of t..-.s,-._State u $131,060,279, or sevaammioaaidoobtleesfi>r the OoUtkWil»kai ' waiia—'-'^iplawaUStream, off Cape Hatteras, the toe sea-shore." Sak 9tnaclMeo it jut at 1_packages. FROM CAIiIFORHriA.THE 8EN1T0HUL ELGCHOS.THE LOSS OF THE NORTHERNER-NAMES toeOF PERSONS LOST AND SATED.Never was a1 hour.pleadyetdowa ilp'ond (jea of a Maw-TotKI^ >*par tbe aalq ofIbt kA|6liilkand four from toe65 to 75 toe $1hundred pounds. BarleyHa 1855 his tecanta felt toe faU force of the onA, aadtoe rent Now, ItIs paid ground agato.toe Gen. ToTTxa, back from toe North, is oecasteadlrplays at toe American,exhibit of fast year's expenseraad receipts, have a of good seals to spare. The fat>~i-"Our State tax has been 60 centa on the hundred dol.andchestra scats to encroach upon, aad at 1amplerevenuehereafter. TheStateex-Uie "pit""laatdi^'emptyarrival,the Xait) sailed on Thu»-regiaa wherehave aslightest reference to what they think of Kr. Bucaaa-emigrationfancy for honest olBcera, wUMot te Hnakeraof Aagreat abundaaee efl _ by profession, wkokasat toe art ofbetog in from the beginniog, aad tkey s;o' thteHa hasbUrtGreatssmall eoospeatatlaB they fataboadanl, tbeyleldfixedthecity public scfao^a Cea-bat the Normal-school bred are to demand. All bat theutterly. He has given two andwillgiveanotherto-night ABPlsIoa,ti«'; iiiJ'''"-' ""tfltHJa^i^ifiin-^s II-iffjaatti'SifSfir:Bltt&jdHk''''www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^_ ifcr,.:;-^^j^^^^-"'^-mm mi 