 >.Hill*—'^'^"*«"***• Ir-TOBK TOtM (BHU-VMUrHtanDMr „r- t«a«opiMK>oa**Mr«MC(9rFlTaDeu.*ia.M«r;Maeo*IMt*«waM|M«ftttmBraOouuja; inatedanotherelementsfromthe withthatoftbeSardinian. WhereBacHsaaa graraUooofbispimlshmentasthis. {nBt7«<>i^ ** «a«aMiMikcTwBmI>*UAU..i]V great prob-I,a««-T«rk01tr."for the malotenanoe of the treaties of 1816 insiognlarly like a pleasantry, in his allnsion to the impossibility of forming a vigorous gov- ernment for Borne under the rule of a pontiffbers and speculators, ia but half the story ofdegree interest Both parties attadi a remarkable—Baaato, aad ttMty tt atesaBag tbe 0«pate AMff-MUAB«ija>3nr-TA>denies to themandthe breathewithal—think ofBOSSBJiOBFtherightof actingfor themselvea;apafaMh 'a»T.T.»ttT_»T»¥«inMr or Pu>inia«.demands the restoration of dynasties which representfor her the immnCable principles of public law and sees in the suggestions offered by Napo- LxoN m. to the inhabitants of Centralthaaatoralahaboandatr, wenklhaveBraadnr^KwBi or Km**Os.1XaaAaaui.dwellings bnaineas. Anboor'aride, Cityran-car,withoutroomenoughlicans hareThemfttttm(UlTAIrSniR, >•. aN-WBBMXl hn Sauut MOnPAmniM.NE"WS OF THE DAY.waa ceptpurely on onecircumstantialandpresumpttreex- ThenuBieroaa aa thatraqolred byfhaT aba would Ibateby aaevisaUwndnee. It amoont* to $896,000. The balli-I in leoador are reatliic on their arms, in-[ to laonr the contest in ICay, when theMte ceaaed. The PeruTian papers were tively antagonistic views now contending forand in a ture, warmed in Winter and cooled inprominentorators of bothparties,jvbOaat Otet Pmident Bdcbaxas'b expressed in-to radieas the wrongs of American citizens In Pani. An attempted revolution ia A.reqmpa had titiiiMirrifltjqneUed. Politics,Indianmassacres atJnaiBC news engrossed the Califomian mind <n tke 6th but., to which date we have advices fieUkSeit Francisco.not be intolerable. But slowanycnltlesbrihe root.If«Ul9Graswas i«eomnMncad by Mikakos, who was tUl before the dtjr. The injnrr done to the townthe mastery over Italy;have tosentence should not be prononnoed upon him. The summons is probably one of those forms of law so venerable that nobody knows the<inthe tethe U^ inat., the bombardment of Vera dispatches of the Count di Bxcbbkbg to thevAaann nF(nr nawar an far for never,wa* unimportant. On Friday the of war Preble arrived at New-Orleans, Iwnng OD bond the balance of the prisoners taken on Aa pxiss ateamera Oen. Miramon and Mar-part—barely featureaIf will find It not theyton nominee.Ms. PaxsooTT's Placs Fillkd.—The Ameiicaa•adaUpinng looptolerable—two newNorthern State":-„af7The first practical stage fHftn to the Uth hist. On the 9th a compUment- which time the result of theBf the attival of the Kamoi we receive Nassau aiy«nti(taiainent was given to Hon. C. B.Broadway,withthe Freaeh mlttee doll be called.from the Colonial Secretaryship to Uentenant GovecnorsUp of the Island of St. 'ViMeot. Anongthedistingntshedguestspresent Iran Bz-Preaident Piebci and Sir Gou Oitislit. lb. VtEMtS* leapooded at length, in reply to a com-Mm^ki, promotedandstumbling-blocks abominations; look at ol the Dutch has been elected Corre-living historians, has issued from theencomiums abroad than thia learned and accomplished countryman.plf*aMat'aiy toast. AI brig Maria, bom Wilmington to Ma-waa totally loct on the 3d inst., near Fish C«y, Abaea The cargo ot the vessel waa aold atirtn vdsiy malker;acnov •to-sMrrow: WAsaisaisa,of thishas been received with more &vor or elicitedletter from San SalvadorI the pine-apple crop at 10,000 doi. The a similarit lay cm the reef, and the materiaU •anad were taken to Abaeo.I havealong through this world as well as I oonld. I havepobilcattongallonand freights to the;talked throngh In a thoroughly satisfactory aamtar.;Uaitad SUtea $4 tor Sugar and %3 50 for Ua-The attendance was fuller than ujoal, which be maygovernmenteunion. A motion to make the bill tbe special declared themselves determined to prosecute order for Wednesday next, waa lost. Hr. Calli-COT introduced sworn charges against Judge CvL- their annexation to Sardinia, and if the Sar- TB, of Brooklyn, charging him with ^ross mal- dinian Government acting upon the quiet and fsaaance in ofiSce. The motion for an mvestiga- resolute of Count de Cavoub's letter tioa a( the aUegations was lost by a vote of 49 languagetoS6. to the Marquis de Moubtixbs, has frankly ac-jtr»»»» W. Hicks, alias Williajc Johkso>, the cepted the proffered hahd of the Cen-aOagsd mmrdeier of Capt. Bntaand his two towns- tral Italian people, Austria haa certainly manonbondofthesloopS.A. Johnson,wasar-leslad at Providence, B. L, by the officers who been placed in a position from which went in (nrsuit of him from this City, and was she might fairly enough ^peal to armsbrought back to New-York on Satarday afternoon, in behalf of tha princes and the principles and has been visitt.d at the Second Ward Station-houae by persons who had seen him before, and of her published predilection. The Count dx whose identification of him is a link in the very RscEBEBG, in the name of his master, formally strong chain of circumstantial evidence that holds stated to therails.Indeed, by a feasible amount of collu-waa held at noon on Saturday, to take action re- garding the charges of malfeasance and corrup-tion, which were recently made by a Citypnmal again-t the members of that bdidy, individually and collectively. Uessrs. C. GooraiT GoarHiB, WASniKGTON Smith and Wm. T. Pwknxt were appointed a Committee to investigate the charges, and reaolntions were passed requesting the Legis- lature to appoint a similar Committee, withpowerspapers.A missionary meeting to raise contributions forthe destitute portions of the West, Northwest and gonthweat, was held at the Church of the Ascen-Third—panies should be compelled to carry all the COUPLIHEKTAhV ENTXBTAIKMKNT TO XX-FKISI-to send for persons andontbe 9thaioii,comerofFifth-avenueandthe Austrian sovereigncansafelysocietyCity travelingTatKlxxck, andRt.Bev. Lay and BishopsSocth- jfAji made addresses. At the annual meetine ofthe New-York Sunday-School Union, Eev Drcrime involves,the cost of poll :e, of courts—ofin the over a earningsbeLag propoeed, that gentleman made a very handsome and eloquent lecponse, which is reported In full in the NassauTxaaiS, Eev. J. H. Buktis, and Rev. Dretbe past year—an hicrease ofing $3,000 over thenothing new in Money or Exchange rates weekly financial review ol this morning, itof tbe Export trade of thecxceiB on the finport side of the sine months of the current year.as well as ofimprisonmentAnd two other ame-Dowland CiAllti, and Mr. J. P. Samcil 919,337 98 have been collected by the Union dur-were warm^ adoptedMWroad Toll bllL Kesolutlcaslast,dMttheincreaseis ahead very largelyEmperorsomethingremiodthat \en tnousand dozenand their cor- pme-appleswas inquired for. Other branches of tradeto catchthe top and project frcsU air, and evening at tbe Spingler Institute,—upon Mad. Rs- train, due In New-rork at • A. M. *—proceedings areconjuring mustaugmentthedangersof the shaUagainbeopened.When a mananyat all interested in the language Fi&ILCe,or llteratura ot Clenfnegaa,Haiisi his two'.'ut ciieolation,thelames of which areItaliansolution." These, however, are mere for eight years has been prohibited by of lightingThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Tbelatterleak,andCapt.Tenth-street Drwerethe ex-Presldcnt of the United StatesThe health ofh country, since July 1good poUcy,expensive.remain warm for a whole trip.—pubUaliedin newspapersthan on common cots.othertoit'of the account for aboutI would respectfullyresponfient*.foaroifiereiii k'uds (includlig the red) may tM cal- cularec on this season, the plants being very promis-appointed Inotheroartsofthe State,In ourA c nesponaent at St. Salvador haa favored usnotedcrop, Ac, at that iflnpoSt. Sii-vADoa, Tuesday, March 8.Saturday eveningvent bill ot sembly.grasppriestlythe State Prison for A convicted prisoner is alwaya called uponto appotnt the Teidtartalhistory;provincesMinister ofof age, can neither read nor write, and has that Fbancib Joskph could " never consent to—now on her death-bed, all of whom have hither- Toung America is not yet reckless enough for HuMiUL'a Concerto in A Minor, (with orchestra,) and to depended entirely upon him for support? that But there are certain conditions of city a piece by Lirorrr.him &8t. Hicks is a native of Foster, B. I., is 32ForeignNapoleox,effect in the city, killiag several, aad — Arare is the forits damage.yearsfollowed tbe sea for several years. He has beenprogramme provided by Societylast concert, on .the 28Ui April. Bsitbovis's Ninth ways themselves, and wo should with onO S>mpboay and Mozart's Overture to the Magiclaw. Flute will be performed. No true lover of music fibould neglect tbe preliminary rehearsals.upond|^ in, would tiius be rendered delightfully unne- He proa.iM8 all ."oits of attrictive entertalnmenti; at stroyed the Timet building, containing the oOsr atheyftC«x,altiiated at Clarksvllle, Mo., with a lar(B atoekof wbaat mt. given flour, were burned on Thaisday. Loai tJS,<ll^ «btekAvatria sad fludlnUulem of Italian nationality, and left the claima is ingenious, evasive, and vaguely declamato- of Austria face to face with the positions ofSar- ry, Cavoub is clear, definite and decided. HisMore and Batter City Hailwaya. Tbe intolerable wrong of charging the peoplerailroads lie newnuisances. The ermieetothepratenaeeeor| may simplyquality of road and aeooramodaUon should be Tbalr UUs a» ready to be t^arttdls I expressly and distinctty defined in aU new provide: rtrtt, for tte imialiiHnasf^linMtiuuvmnfu bnMiA*«aBih« ^linia. haa avowed herself the friend, nlwylUllitw. Piin,imwnn«w,( Snglandlanguage is that of a man who accepts a re-grants, as a matter of the very first tance.impor-Tsiiltnrr. rhaagail ttnm kAwan iganUatii»af"J<*ts««'TMilte»r,t^BS»iif not the champion, of popular sovereignty insponsibility which he feels himself confident ofbut avails beiself of her close connectionsem5^ ecmtroUiBg power mUwy Ms OMld^the leadingpowerand show that in citement created by that invaaion, theactually gained strength. New-Hampshire contest wss especially sig- nificantliecausetheDemocratshadconfident- ly looked to that State for something like areaction.Their last hope now rests on Connecticutpeople as a political entity;newspaper,only, that by tnetaidlsg Is Kaaaaa all IteBy the uriral of the North Atlantic Company's Italy, a scarcely less scandalous assault at^niTTliip Baltic, from Aspinwall on the 18th inst., upon the foundations of law and of order manpositivelybut they had previonsly sworn, justquiet travelwe fasTe intere«tinK newa from South America,yearCwtnl Ameiicm ud Caiiibmu. The shipment of than the eonvulsioDa which overthrew the—not be considered entirely free from doubt or converseHr. Baaaoavrill te opposetnMon bj her wu vtry small, on account, it is thrones of Tuscany, of Modena and of Parma,••id, of the Terr large !n*a8tinent* in the Washoe and shook the Emilia free from the stifling—decency. Could one even read could one even exist without an-posedTbe mostfrom other States, have been brought into the field, and a more active canvass is in progress than has been witnessed atTerritoitef,domiaation. Austria andnonnaal pos-ofSardinia accordingly represent the eaiy posi-m thaaewTanltsrteiAaMJjpand the world will await witli impatience the result of the con- flict which has already began between them. Tbe conditions of this conflict have just beenspeed andinconveni- reduction of fares, or a diminution of taxea by the selling of thesecirarJiri^d'dT'Prince DB MjrrTKBNicB, which we published on« sofaraaweare; Saturday on thepenancela Texas, bat a qtursm of tha attend,aadnotUngwa*dons,patchMinister at Paria,more railroads and betterimpossibledesignate anys^.o^th^e'^'ofAMW^'''^ It reason of sitIPA anacarry State, they will be encouraged to hope thatof Sardinia In the dis- of the Count sx Catovs to the SardinianPresidential conteatwhich wepublish to-day. collision was,are indispenaabie :THS nxBCKTbeCommlttse on ForalgB AflhliK^MltiIt is, no doubt, true, also,applicationroads would indeed reform many of the abasesferences of Zurich.that Sardinia has succeeded during the same time in giving to her effective militair force a development altogether unprecedented in herwhich you can do It—Itill yon return here again, and giws me time, to got tome one to take care of my ehildren, and to closs op some little matters."that theItaly have been steadily arming at lug—and Williams, on pronounced, hearing" of Venice constitutes of itself dren'Oh, my children! myBmoiiABB'S direction. A called coraposltiaD by Lisst,salUfy pablfcin combinations which should not The law has robbed them of their only friend, zoarried about four years. Yesterday he was vis- take into account the reserves made in the has snatched away the only barrier between ited by lus wife, who had an affecting interview them and starvation. He is to —bat therailways more important than the mere rail-On Wednesday last the sloop Spray, Capt. theliXcnt, of' Gnilford, Conn., came into collisioa, 4 arrangementsof and remit labor no longer goes towards supporting his Villafranca,and his chil-of cross and diagonal traffic, the x girder rail, lar place of amuseme .t came to an end on Saturday,and tbe establishmont will be closed until the 31st.Mr. Babhch made a from the stage, in speechTbethe balance of the prissiMra of the pdw ItmmAcooperateMany shot fell among the shipping nndarbut without doing mnch damage. ^^'V Two Spanish war steameis anlvad at Fera Craz a^''^, Nxw-OaLaAM,Pzldaf,Maidt<»-P.|L -with him. Mrs. Bnta, the widow of the murdered treaty of Zurich in favor of the dethroned work,man, ia reported to be in a critical condition at Sovereigns." For Austria the elective annex- State clutches his earnings, which hithertoIsUp. ation of Central Italy to Sardinia would nullity have fed these dependents on his tolL HisbeFirst—In the streets having a large amount Babnum's Museum.—Tbe season at this popu- the Uth.miles north of Bamegat Light, with the sloop Lu- herself and tbe Italian people to the relative family —level vrith the pavement, offers thepossi-aloop-of-waras if they had never been bom ?We have more than once called attention to•loops deck was littered with bedding, flags,aod other articles, showing probably that she had rights, has made it virtually impossible which thus makes the innocent suffer the worstmore passengers at a higher speed, and giving some of it in wiih the pruceeds of property he had made over to her in tbe days of his prosperity. This each an abundance of room. In streets where was the lease of the Museum building, havingner, and various versions of liis story concerning, been essentially modified both for Austria andthe maimer in which the Captain and his brother for Tne Italy.conquest of Lombardy bydisappeared, together with the fact that the French arms, in the name of Italian the gross, barbarous injustice of the systemthe traffic is the flat rail, 22 years to run ; and the museum collec- ABTSAMBOAC.mostiy longitudinal, tion being seld subject to her Interest, she MaioBis, Taas, Friday, HankflUhasp ransacked for the purpose of robbery, causedliOWB to be tinspeeted af murdering Capt. Lxete and his brother. Lowx was brought to Jersey City on Saturday morning by the schooner Thomas E. French, and has so far managed to fiafipti aneat The hull of the Spray was towedtiieCity yeateiday bj the pifot boat Oeorge gtoen, and to-day it will be thoroughly over- hauled.for France to acquiesce in any attempt on the penalties of guilt A convict is fed, clothedgiving railway traction to all the vehicles Bas received ixom thia source $60,000 over and The steamboat Persist loading fbr CiaeisBSlL,firs thU and wa* towed late lbs evaaiagof CentralThe appeal was imavailing. The sentenceto run half the required number of cars ataacribed tp the weather or the ivogramme, accoidlag phony opened the Concert, and Its quaint beauties,ap- any extenuating circumstances—aaythiag by reason ofA].U:T, OalraaSL;alwaysthe oKwtcontest-of thedoubtless, reached on the 20th instant, at death-bed almost, aad T have four small chil-popularCentral Italy on the question of annexation toSardinia was expected to be known.will bethat JOHK Lathkop Motlxt, author of the HistoryEuropeto be very far from improbableand.is common in this impression veryal-what is {» htcoms of thtml I am Dot a hard-hearted man. I stand her* as Innocent a man as any in this Court. I neverknew what It waa to have a father.supported my family, and my mother and my sister hut my tutu childreit, voho ia gving to car*for thsmIhem rour business and our houses separated by this inevitableStyx. Howlongshallweenrichthe remorseless Charon, and appease his many- mouthed Cerberus ?learning and research, Motlxt stands in the front rank of and no workFrom tka Aasoeiatad PrssB. The fo'lowing call has been ftaU^AWe do not share thisit HO* ttU thrtt W€tks old :perliapsimpression, though we frankly admit the gravity of the appearances which have contributed to form It is, no doubt true, that Austria has been pouring men and munitions of war into hercountry.itwhichAMeee&omArroyo, P. B., to the 1st inst, are recetved. ItwasantidpatedthattheSugarcrop woald &B below the usoal amount in coaseqaence ofAedryweatherwhichprevailedso extensively iMt aaaaoii. Sugars, at the time of the sailing of tha bark Emmti CuthnuM, were ic.'Siic.; Mo- laatea llc.®15c. ^Tb» bQl to preserve the public peace and order<n tlie Babbatb, which, our dispatch says, prohib-its Bonday amusements in this City as effectually«• that which the Governor recently vetoed, passedthe State Senate on Saturday. The Assembly back, and that the Austrian mis-Pre Rat* BiU was reported without amendmentand made the special order for Wednesday. In an actual condition of half-suppressed and with his hands." We do not refer to this case tha Aaaembly the question of agreeing to the re-noctattheCommitteeadversetotheBrooklyn smoulderingwarintliatunhappycountry. IfitaiB Cent Ferry Bill, gave rise to an exciting dis- the Duchies and States of Central Italy haveieglslatora punishAlbany ourselveswith incessantmost ever since the virtual failure of the Con.It Is on their accooat that Iiteali ad.Venetian provincesenergyal-and protect;part of Austria to recover by force the and lodgeddominion which she lost at Magenta and ab- of luxury,—dicated at Villafranca. The of a few tion. But why should not his earnings stilllapseInaoreemenis. " stream, where she burned to the waters edfa. Utdof the only provlncea upon whose loyalty drels are arrested, tried and punishedreckon inthe event of a new struggle such as that be wen, doubUerenderwould content the public, without the addi- tliiguUhed gentlemen presentfor himon the fatal field of Solferiao. Wo and of trials,tionalcertain fairliorations of City travel, especially as routes Guardian,whichended sodisastrouslybelieve that Fkakcis could be exacted from the convicts themselves.rightsharing per centage.•Cettonwasvery quiet and prices were depressed. British people, and even of the Northernwork as Uiey are at presentoperaUonthe remonstrance at Albany. leav- U manifested on the subject.A dealtoafjfr greatpre-with- oflightedvirithgas ready proved cheapermethodseiiesof lectuiesmfrltsiheattei.tioa of aU mto^oiocame boand lor New-York, near St.the attitude of the controlling majority of theCourts, must have dissipated thia hope as to the;JloarandWheatweremsUckdemand. Comwaaaodarataly ^ght after. Provisions were inllmltadloana«t»B«ars were more active. CoffeeMoiasMs, Mee, Whisky, Naval Stores, Oils, Met- guagel of Count dx Bechbebq'b dispatches which even at the beat falls too heavily from als,HopsandSeeds,werelightlydealtin. Hay toPrinceMettxbhicbismostrapidlyas it wasformedfeasibleplanswill bediplomaticallysented no remarkable changes. There ware 371 warlike. The Austrian Premier declarea that less and the innocent,but it will have a ben- vesaels of all classes in port. his Sovereign regards it as a " dangerous il- eficial effect upon the character of the convict lusion to suppose that a durable and regular himself. It will keep alive in his heart thoughts CoRPOBATioir Advkbtisiho.—^What has be- order of things can be founded by a flagrant oj family and friends—love of children—those came of the recent movement of the Common inlringement of rights consecrated by centu- household affections and sympathies, which Counciltowardaareforminitsmodeofadver-riesandbyEuropeantreaties,"andthatanymustbethebasisofanyendeavoraf- tising ? At present all its public notices and programme but that of Villafranca, " instead ter a better liie, when bis prison doorsample space and currents to eject fou! air, arc oAEMisa et son talon. His second on Thursday even-numerous, even though tht-y areuolj-oiierol, in ing, upon Lamasiixi, In spite of the extreme Inclem- Mavlaatheir suceessful modifications ou uteain rail- f t.ry of the weather, drew a large and very Intelll- glKEUiO or TBI BABX BTVZa BSLLI-^OITK| gttiaudiente. Hegaveaveryspiritedandmterest- sonCBOwim.way cars. City cais should also be well U)(! outline oi LsM4Kni<«"s ll!e, aod of his literary and Niw-OaUAJW, Saturday, March *!*«<;;|jbe called In order to togetherjstarva- go months has thoroughly demoralized what- to tbe support of hia family? Why should not ever support Austria might have counted Williams be allowed to send to his mother and from the reet of children whatever money he may &irly earntherefore, that wttbout Charity I am nothing." His wasinches wide, so that passengers can sit nor- labois in Europe yieldea him a considerable sum, suiance of ti,0OO.afeatteiw wUA there was aa te-Europe duringA. Bpedal meeting of the Board of Governors the fever of the Italian war, and while working lor the State? Our system as-A fire at 6 o'clock thia morning entirelyiaiilarafliialto reoogniae the ooaati-compelled to tUnk of tb«M an "" -'-•^-—«»• iil«wi« •• Ik* rwMUbea Km- not the least considerable of her public organs, enongh to indulge himself in what sounds dirtyvpens, purpose enriching job- in Connecticut excites an tmusual of; to for tiie ofas indispensable to the peace of Europe, has resigned those treaties beyond the Alps toGoth-4il«j£ ^J^'Savoy,amite would thinkSABSn—Wiun O'BnUT—Liw roB Li- the tides of time and ctiange. Bnsaiaand whose religions acmples forbid him to recruit earnest and general effort MM-runonox. " littiewooldit delegate, or any e< im psBtJisat IPrussia have glyen the clearest indications of an army from the Romans, beeanae it is re- precious business time. But the secondaccount of its bearing upon the Presidential pi BairULAOXn THEITI—H Tm liro e* A Fook their determination to acquiesce in, if pugnant to his conscience to condemn a num- nuisaaeeu a sacrifice of precious businesstime;contest next FaU. Thus fiu- the State elec- TTtah. ThUbfflprovUaatUtlTiro Ma». and as it istions bare been for the meat AaU be the very discouragingUCSA KKBnVTBBAVBS-Jnm DiAat. OWXn fBBAns—Tm Tnitua—Knaarinot to adopt, the attitude of Sag- ber of his subjects, even to a temporary land. France baa approved that attitnde, celibacy." ^^^^^^^^^___movement of reaidential quarters, the key note of the attempt that was made to alarm the Halted Stetea, axsladkw aUwithof Italy to suggest the pro- gramme which her Bmperor ttuolcs it desira- ble that Italy should carry out in establishingherlibertyandherindependence. AustriaalonerefusestoconsidertheItalianof our driving, bnrryiiig,re8Uess American char-asMtteaMiCMittl^sentenced to hard labor in eight years.Summer,LafMataia, TUs wlU eatto say whatever he mayurge whydistances, superadded topresentfrom our own of the corraspondents, reportsmeetings, speeches, &c., on each ride, so as to—aware, waa anything thus said by a prisoner allowed to have the least weight or to cause the least delay, in passing sentence. Wil- liams, in answer to the usual inquiry, amongmoney-coining grantscompanies, is ra-other remarks made the following:accommodationa. New-Tork formore groansttoutstati^l^'-"I state before all here, and before Ood ny Maker, that there Is not a maa within the sound ofofmy voloe more insooeiit this charge fluaI have as aged motlier now lying on her vote of dren, motherless, though their mother Is living.and better railroads. Look atits tangled mesh of creeping omnibuses and itsThat this first stage might be rapidly fol- I am. I say It boldly, perhaps defiantly. Foreas Golf, it Is thoQ^tf, anlvsd this afteiaaaa, tatwillowed by a resort to arms is felt throughout myself, I don't care—sponding/ care tmlf for my ckU- my ckiUren, <mt of tktm tvf fix m&ntM$ old, and d«sertod kjt its mother imhsa— tropolitan conveyances of decent citizens^to thepeal sympathyof the Court. If there are?The of new competition enoughwasto stuff them towere very atdyitchil- !' burst into tears and covered his face"Tasso," and further described as a Poime Sfm- pkonique,wastbeattracUonoftkeseeondpart Lllu sion and jobbery, a merely new railroad might ereiythlDg else that Liiii has ever written. It Isaad in the that tbe gilsvaaaS* hopeCharleston may be atwtod.The clamor for a change contlnne*with a cry of:the State confiscates it,ask yon tosuspend sentencebot without special legislation toexaggerate the present evils. They have power to tbe taste of the reader. BxaiBOTaii's second Sym-now for the of urging any doubt as to purposebecome more of a curse than a blessing. The filled with startling efiiects, displaying rare know- different sections.There la some talk aaoBg ladlvidBal^the prisoner's guilt or of exciting sympathy on his behalf. Whether guilty or not it la evi- dent that he Is not wholly a bad-hearted man, —qwility of tbe road, equipment and accommo- ledge of bow to produce them. Beyond tUs techni- now here of an Informal caU openS^'*t^W*SiS^SfS^^^Sp5^^^«=^'•"'^-^''f^^W-yjIit^in ftot kept altTCtheCitytiiiMj.Cooacikneii gain byfUm Mjrleof Mhf Bui- orer, aa Anttrta ia skUUiil in the taifcal tonoe poealbmty of UfUng a finger for their i«hBf,— plenty of roaiB, m^WIAMlil». 4' Mc cttti of neaaf Xhitf Muotdoltlbrthemippottof Um of diplaaaaey, she may fairly eacape aU active it can scarcely be expected that he should apeed-aodi ftefiiMihNii liiy^(M» jonnab in Twatfoa. tottbej ua atteriy wtth- liability for this language under this plea that come otit of prison with softened feelings, or (hatwUehlsta44r tf lildlnlla udMaoe, oDt iafliMMM. nw OoancUmen appointed a tiiere is not one of the " rights" now menaced with claima upon anybody for aid and en- oanpanLtirelr pleaaaai —d ><Manhle,batK Committee Dot long aince to iarestifate thia by the Italian people which has been " conae- couragement for the future. After that long would pay a very bnalaome peromitace to the-matter;—wfegrdoIfaeynotdottrtthBd ftom &^MiemmudtaytenpH,dMatarviiai^ialagOwItmtntloiial aattieiMirofSpainin 1887. Hore-peiliapa fi^HiUii, w^Mtstruggledof our.MsB»ii I stii Katls^laa Wasfetegtaa. ';cini*,ofBockaway,L.L,andwassunn.AChina-positionswhichtheyoccupiedonthedaydrenandhisagedmothermustbelefttopavingstonestogether,preventingtheirham-struggletokeephisheadabovewater,hehasatlast Otn.MiramonandMarfuex.AllemboatiaftarawCMn, named Johh Lowe, was the only person when the army of Qtdlai crossed the Ticino starve. Who is punished fortius offence,—the mering down, and affords a rolling surface so waded bsbore. He has paid every clock debt, aiid re- well. We have no further news {roes Mexteo bf Mb•een on board the Spray at the moment of the dis-aster, which appeared to result from gross neg- into Sardinia. But though the political morale guilty, or the innocent? Who will suffer mostlieved himself of all bis llnbllitles. Helect on his part, and subsequently his sus- of these positions would be thus reestablished, for the crime,picions conduct, when rescued t>y a passing or the children who are as vessel, in connection with his flurried man- the material features of the situation have mitted it,:dividedThe christian name of my wife,"says Mr. "is Cbaeitt. I which Included three hundred bates—the man to have com-smooth and unyielding as to enable a car and his to obligationssumes that our Prisons should support them-MijHuir,a<ces^iUle ri>ot on tue island,provedhorses, occupying less than half the space ofgave up his property to meet his obligations In 16U, but whenhis condition certainly is not onebut it is far removed fromguilUesspected to sail to-morrow momtag, with asalad three omnibuses and their horses, to carry bis Coiicecticut real estate was sold, his wife bought no doubt to the Gulf.confirmed to the Italian people the respect andthe sympathy of public opinion throughout the selves, that convicts should be made to payworld. These are positive elements of mili- the expenses of their own punishment If they scribed seats were filled. Fourth The Com- From the Bahamas*—tary power which can never be overlooked, can do so without injustice to others, very even by an Austrian Kaiser. Least of all can well, but not otherwise. The State cannot ex-be disregirded when they fortify, as they pect to perform the functions of government now do, the enthusiasm of a now united without incurring expense. It is for the bene- people, whose numbers fully equal those fit and protection of society at large that scoun-cessary.and willreopenand at large should pay the cost It would —ss, if all the expenses whichthe IslandofBLViaceat at least decent and Ei-President Puacs, Sir Goal OffsaLST and other dls-We are satisfiedthatas well as our Uws infeasible, and nottes* and now bathn Ms la-to eoltelt aa- aadlike an amendment of apurposeof justice,requireawould paratusAnbv the Senate,triancrossing the Alps upon this ducal crusade. But Uiis respect Let convicts be compeUedap- enough, not to maintain parlor temperature, but to take thepassed were Committeeiings,have Wowwarm,couldbeballtLaitjuantityunsoldandwasted,toibegreat loss of tbe n aLters, who expended In the culture much tinie ana unremuoe/ative latx>r.or at least-a portion of them, be devotedfix ibousand uuzen werelast vear shipped,;supportand the lan- any. This will not only alleviate theKaough presented ii the Compa- nies will only adopt the system. And the cars ahouldbe thoroughly ventilated. Funnels'atingifof Uieir families, tiieyvery readily applied.Arrival ef the Cusda at Boaros, Snaday,un- thehandsof —theheadaofthehelp- justice uponThe B. M. steamship Canmda, fraot Pkof.Charliie'sLieruKKS.—Prof. CHABLrxa CMHalifax,arrivedhereat 73< A.M.t»4^^deilvers the third In his series of French lectures this malls for the South go fiirwatA by te-al^ft'to but let Uieir earn-forgeneratingUntitled Document;•mipiHiThe T^sit Cbatibe i crated"both"bycenturies"andbyEuropean lapseoftimehemeetshisownchildrenas Companies,stiowerratesof&iethanOoae BaoaeTanttodalstrangers, and they come to lookThe tone of the Austrian dlspatchea, indeed, an intruder and an enemy. The State ought ing the statistics we have given on other oc- receive tbe saaetlaB sf Ihim as now inThe progreaa of ereata haa gradoally elim- coatrasts very favorably for the hopes of Italy not to inflict upon him and them such an ag- csaions. Let ns never forget that merely new The Senate Committee %ri*itreaty.uponforce,asany one may see byexamin- and fraas a I eoafer,of this City for aittingand elbow-room, for light the PenioMda and while she clamors, through bearing with aaccess ; and he ia even cool and air, and then jamming thera like cattie in-our City locomotion. but a Any bodyDtah by ramoviM Os east •( Sosmaat to importance to the resolt not, of course, 6om TaIley,a>dekBa|iac<ke wmm at %m Tmim kItawr Withont Jostlae.We published on Saturday the conviction form. It wUl soon require double the time per's Ferry,ItUbeUevttlfluitlUtckatewfflandsentenceofJamisS.Williams,forhaving DOWoccupiedtoreachthecentreofspite of the ex- Bepub-taken from the Post-ofllce a letter intended foranother person, altered a check upon tbe Nor- walkBankwhichwasInclosedinit, andre- toopena ceived the money therefor. The testimony of side streets toin areeking air it ! New-Jeraey monopoly vrill carry us twen-of theer's identity with tl^e person who called at the ble sitting space and imderexpress oflice and received the money. Two cumstances of OrientalliJUp4liC teliUMHi|k|msqpaiMaMi «ri move a> aaeadaaat to fl bin, giving flie PresldaKflr ae Vsltod flMiwitnesses sworethat he was theandS^tatequite—point, ^that, namely,prison-ty miles an hotir, with defined and—positively, that another man was the party;letgreen pastures, ample seats, heat, light air0tah,irtlek, Iffwho called,Nevertheless, Williaks was convicted andso thatthispointand a show ofof the case can-astheby hour,usby all means seek thistoacfaiag mattan labe intoreattag to (ha eooatiy.aadesatom prior to 189S.acter will bestruck, and we may hope for re-from the centre offneneewiththebooadarieaatKaaaser aareportedinaKew-To-kpap«. Itw^a^gisMsMwedgedremodyingthisworth onenoyance, uncompressedan hour's ride to the Central Park region wouldences,and all this withoutDelegatestoitea eonid Bot elalm leeto la Coagnas.to thether more than even the State Chivernmentcanpicturediurnal tolerableof to business and back gettingside-walks full of merchandise,publicgratifiedvrith the announcementDisrAicEn noxDljpaieke* to fiw GovosiMBt ftaai fts liii^In the hands of ourtherelaaremedy. Shallwefor another year by neglecting to insist upon itsmentionedthe contrary, the corporators have power tohigherhiatoryand to strain and break ordinary vehicles by gutterby the orchestra imder Mr.snail'space,suffocation,interpreteddation, is the leading question.cal recommendation and a borrowed theme, we coulddetect nothing worthy of remembrance. A well In- Delegations to confer at the saaae tisM wift formed orchestra a aliallar ocrattc National Cosunlttee oa the above-]It ispossiblelayBroadwaymight Improvise composi-bat how a weU-iaformed orchastn caa ject. _^^^^^___voice insist that theyprovided bya railroad intowhich shall not perceptibly interfere with or-in his heart, and that whatever his offences may have been, he has much more huminity andgoodness left in his character than he will ease of traction to cara unsurpassed by any line nation of Instrumental effects becomes pleasing afterhave after eight yeara of toil and teaching at of railway in Europe, and on which steam a certain amount of familiarity. The vrork, con-the hands of the State. could be used with the utmost But sidering its excessive tedlousness, was well per- — advantage. formed. It fell flat however, on the audleace.thatthe love of his children is stiUstrongtion,incompressi- comparative cir-That State ised of all the New-England States, and in a ka,aad(kefarwboleaome country. If we are to as the other.waa ai lai|aluxury,into theas to one soggaatloalikely go way Conmlttee haa taksB a efforts have been madegarbage-boxes,:atThe members of ttePimnrtee are to meet la reqoastedgasted ta OaCommlttaaftrOm Flka^ Ndca Ths Cohbzcticut Eutonoir. The election and to widek ae a|issB»—exaggerated by the yeariy upward Democrats. They all indicate tbe total failore fined, with the eleettva ftasiiilii. to ithe sacrifice of aokasgela.p»^iira~any important issues pending there, bat on Nevada. TUscountry immiediately after the aSair at Har-en.the sf Om T"iiiij. 11111111I11 niiibisiiiiifi>inw<iiisThe Senate Committee dees aot ess |»0|ielection is Speciallong for ato alarm theby the fear of disunion, and it has been sup-manufiactarine interest that tius would not be without effectdinary traffic, which would dispense with half endure sach deliberate non-sequences as a matter of iBipoTtaBt tnm. Tent Gram. choice, surpasses our comprehensiOD. We can ac-the horses in the street which would give an count for it only on the ground that any new coiabl- HISAMOV STILL BKTOU TEC OtrT-The schooner Vtr^tnta Antoinette ia balo«^ But his children can nobody sympathize steam in the streets is spreading eastward. It Wabik's overture to "Der Freyschatz " roaclnrted tbe from Vera Cruz oa the eveUBC of toe Uth teib ,with the cry of despairing affection which started in that fast town, London, and has, concert.broke from his heart on their behalf? What is to our latest advices, been adopted Signer Pirrao Cxxriaxai, a very accomplished hl^ The military conference amomitsd toaccording baritona singer, of the new Terdl school, sang a cou- the bombardment recommeaced at the to become ol them, and of that aged mother, by the rash and precocious Egyptians in Cairo. ple of pieces, and tlis. Joansoa GaAsvaa performed IStb with redoubled energy—Oe Aot andleastble obstruction to common vehicles, splices thePreble is below this > iiwl,.*i|fcand at ease— :theofwas devoted Inwhich to the same object. this way,BIW8PAPSB OniOB.Foar Watxs, In., ^iterday, March ILI-;mallypeople to crowd together when already too close has lecoveieu his ground, and although he has lost agreat maay tens of thousands of dollars, be is still In for comfort, that two or three more may wedge acooaiUun logo to wors jealously and hopefully.practicecompellingb) hard labor, ecooomlcal living ana peneverance, heIt should not be lawful for acar to stop for passengers when these pre- i^aiurOay nigbt next.It on1)Z>T PIBBCX—TDK PINI-APPLE CBOP.By the Karnak we have Nassau papers to thelitbinst. A entertainmentwas compUmentaryandshouldbeexacted. Thesereformswould of beLieutenant-Governor—passengers wishing to ride, by providing an abundance of cars. Fifth—By this means a maintained speed of six niiles per hour at least,The flouring mills of Wsualast, at Nassau to Hon. C. R. including stops, would be rendered feasible, Colonial Secretary of New-Providence, promoted toIs unlsstued.doJosKFu will risk an appeal to the sword in de-fenceofthethronesofCentralItaly,andofthe ofdegrees after alt Onlyasmallportionof manded by the necessities of the case, lowpinelumber,wastotallylostouthe3dlost,near Uons,aaddenouncingthatoftheSeaaterfromChaa-not therefore,doctrines of "Legitimacy." The hope that these expenses can be defrayed by the labor of being weUsapported through the day, with the proposition made by France for the annex- prisoners,—80 that no principle would be sac-the course of the members of the AsaemWy Wilmington bound to Hatanzas, with a cargo of yel- from this District, on the Canal aad Railroad qaaa-contributioiisoftheyearpreceding. The Stock Market left off firmon SaturdayBUI. MMOaSiaAHCI FBOM UTICA.Siecea of Illinois exceptionto makeWinter, oars should be warmed by hot waterThe advices from Mathew Town state that salt- raklsg had commenced with good prospects.Central, which fell to 61 Irat subsequently recovered to 61J®J. There wasation of Savoy might revive the oldrificed by abandoning the attempt thempayany of itMare»», A meeting of business men was heki here easpoke;this cannot be done. The question is oneThe American brig Maria, Wtisos master, from approvingEuropean coalition against the new Nafolioh, may have fostered for a moment in the mind of the Aus-or steam pipes in the floor.All this is old andWater in tanks with the (tllo*ing letter, ia relation to the pine-appleUnci, Sunday,to remonstrate agalBstfteButincreasinginlength,arereallyde-steamwintry chill out of the air and to keep the feet ingshippersj—which he annouDced that after five yearsof hardacknowledges fortwaring credl'ors, generous Irlende and tils wife for this result He allKoaraix, Snaday, MsickSfc The United States steamer PoeahanHu ia ac-aoove the sums paid to the owners of the building. caoghtm theSecond—The seats of cars should beby fixed arms into spaces at least twenty B., may acknowledge, cargo,should be insistedstreet, upon.This amount was devoted by her to buying up msthewhich la loca'e<). ha says, OD the moststock of the Dailf Timet, the Indiana free Maiam,t clothing store of J. G. Tsuh A Bso., and other < pants. Loss over $15,000. Tbixii * BBS. smf $6,000.rLOFBIHO MILLS.St. Lons, Satodsy, IhMhtLareespecially if fares are not reduced, and they Fish Cay, Abaco. T^e cargo of the vessel was sold taoque. by auction as it lay on the reef, and the materialsshould be compelled by law. In the saved taken to AOnco.:Naasm,^^^^^^Tke Ksdbaa^Tall BflkMszTna TO noxat asaimr it at bvwai*.BVTTALO,Satarday,MaiekM> About five hundred citizens aaawnhlert taat evealag, la St. Jaiaes' BaU, to protest agatest Otelate actlcm of tha to to Ik* JteB- Legislature rsgard—demand tUs, though economy will. It has al- million Irarcs, was «ery uraphlcand anouslng. ThU Uslon on tha Uth inet. wlft the bark »»«» *«f^:the law shimld not of couroe wt iUcsl career. His picture of the princely s:yle in wbichbetraveledintheEast,ataneioenseoftwo TheshipForestKing,ofLiverpool,sharplyehange, however, woaldState electionlong time. We give from day to day, organized, eleettoaa tor delaiatas will bsa faithful now carried on.TH>Tha Hooae MQItaiy Commlttoe ibear the vlewa.of Meaira. Biiaiw aad expect to aaddle upon us. To render this semi- something may be done in the North in the flie Beceaaitie* tor a ragtsMBt ofpresentof theIf the Democratstowhich can be relied on to vote for the Charies-Bepublic, Member of theour few railroads, with their portable pens,more like the holds of slave-ships than the me- place of the lamented PaxscOTT. In philosophical sot be delivered and opeoad at Am DapaitaMltiitMFrench Institute, in theand analysis, in clearness and vigor of style, and in to-moiTow.AianaeamtB.Philbabmoiic Bocnrrr.—The fenrth Concertof this Association for the promotion of agreeable gallantry took place oa Saturday •vanlng, and wasday, April i, (or e«ma>i1tatto» ea tenaniatpresscountrysa is contest ittheTBOHBLBIMXSZaS.portSptrilattoa bm,1tie,elected to the eilrtiteprkr OltKh'ia. full and proespt annwIaiKia toD. A- SMJ. a. 6EOBQB. )C. L. TALLANblOHAH, >JULIUS HK88E, )Six or eight membeia of the CdBBdtteeanIn the city.It is onderatood that na daage wOlmade as to tbe place of holdlag the nit was tboaght Importaat that the 'VamWIttMBfT aaaaw «i>—AMtrvai. or ram AT aSW-OKLSAaB.totally destroyed, uponHs¥-OiiBAn, Satoiday, MitakHTke laaalveat•r*^»~or,Y> www.fultonhistory.commmjy 