 'TuoBAS Raieihb Mabas—b negm inlnstrel. well-~~miserable death ofexample. Bince we must tolerate horses for the debauch on the 4th of December. lie was as quiet,CITYBAII.BOADS.'wnm* CttT tt^nrmiim Might Se—NeeaMtty IbrBssiissw aad bmioB, sOrMiHori rightLIocMMitalii^:. «Mk IM too aabolMn lingti a kor Our whole system of City BaUwa3rs is « bMweca. tWr-t«i|«BW^i«MM* «a eaati sUe of it,ApijOiBtwbetween the conTenlenca ofthe DUBiiMT of pMtenten and the inconTeoienea ofThe ^oumal of all tbe firings with rifls-e mnOB. cflH*i*f tLO dlflweU tiiveal-jrs, gires u.e reislts ia detalLAdsscripUnsftkegvasaoddrairinfssf (he pre-compromjaelargeetbat unce it sccommo- datea t$ii4 jfifi^ in a ihorter Um>, «t. lasi ax- P'JMfc.JB'Lwtt^ mote econom; of atteat room, Hubomnttniaes,Iiabadpointscanb«toleratedif',TOt it will appear, not only that they are nn.that all trafficUra adraptage of a Bailway—and more, .that 'theear Aaek itself maybe protected from the injury sow tncldebt to'ii ; for when other vehicle* cannot use it lliey will abuse it ; their wheels hammer it loo«Q,i&eroe6iog it, and depress trenches in the paifqwnt at ihe side of it when strliting the railsioi to Ml a vseauoy. The coaieslpriTita and loods trafiic ;promlwa to b« asneeiiiaa&y.btitmay enjoytheposi-occupied l>y Is present psKeager-oarrTing vahi-dor, and tnus fscilltate all otoer traffic. But fourtrenciiea, an inch sod tiiroe-qusrten 4eey, would of eieoied, b«-.««se be la a laASto foqn a coniiouuustliiaff to gain and nothing to loose by the propoaad reioiin.Doe.pavement.Faaaouos, Friday.«, ISSHwill tor ilw late Senavr BaoDaaicx aa 1 a ;rough to gi'v»tlie horses' feet a good hold. In subiubs,There U every-There seems to be a fiiwi daieralaaUoa to make aingalmost wholly confined to the cars, since theirconstant stopping would delay such vehicles asshould attempt to follow them on the rails; and BiiE:B,uBnACE*8 claim to a titlesince goods traffic and carriages would be con- tioB of it is reterved for the survey, which cannot be•such traction to through trafiic. a I deepreason a car will whycarrytwice as manyOdc parly urge that it was souih of the settled part of ai.u oflrt-r^ouaI property. $'i,tii8 65U ; total, #;i.4"o.-i76. people the City arid in a swamp. Anolber fixes it where I'Le valuation ol real esLHte in t-ahiina is a>Ji>3,'J37,as an omnibus, with a given power, is becaus:; itand of personal properly $2fi!,:i:0: t.ilal, ? '33..VI7. in Hilo tro real c.^tate was vsiu.-,! at 'fi5.9y3, andtbe (>e>Bonsl properly at 4l76.5tlU; total, i31:2,5t>3.for its whole width? Steam-propelled wheels re- quire no holes iti the ruad, and steam does not slip down* arid break its legs. But since our Conmron Council lias forbidden its use, the chances of its •bowing whether it is practicable are not very pro- pitious. Besides, the enthusiastic and reckless Brit-possession, but with the expectation that parlies who KiUst sell or mortgaFC property covered by it will pay five or ten per cent. Its value for qult-clalms. Wheth- er the Sherreback claim is a swindle or not, there is no denying that out of such claims, which co Ud not stand an open siring In Court, men have made for- tunes by quit claituiog property under them.By your last advices you were informed of the**ish are beginning to use steam in theirattd we have not been accustomed to follow theirstreets,honeycoaib of the top of the pavement. would have recogrdzed the features as the same onceThea let the tires of vehicles be two inchestofamiliarInNassau-street- HewasburiedInLone Mountain Cemetery, the brief funeral prooession being made up almost entirely of members of thewide, and, as dny one will see,a sketch of it, the wheel would always rest on at leas^ine Inch width of perfectly flat, level and Press-smooth surface, never sinking iuto any of the slots. In shoil, the whole pavement might be made, if kept decrn'ly clean, as smOoth as a Prussian rail- way (or wheels, and moreIt is glorious June weather with us, though on Monda; some, who are always seeing strange slghti, Uicught they saw Ice in the early momhig._ GLADCUS.community. So great b is beeu tbo exuiteuieat, t!iat themoreconservativechurch-Kocr^.*e,'. inapetition to the Legislature asking their interference In oorctuncs themselves, iffor other streets. But the concrete bottom is ex- actly the thing. Ai:other layer of concrete on this. to raise it sufficiently, would make, ^rhaps, the be«>t possible foundation for airon.But If this plan cannot be.removed, would be valuableintroduced—if the cross, diagonal and short traffic of such streets as Broadway cannot have railway caa;-, of traction—COKPLIUniT TO EX-COHPTBOLLEB ChPRCH. The Deputies and Clerks in tbe Comptroller's officefiveran, firmly set into the pavement so as to projectpanied by a oomplimeatary letter. Mr. Cussca acknowledges tbe gift, and adds :by . makingsuitably rough than a—acase. The blU imposing fiue of fifty dotlars per*l^wtMUorto}mmiiadhtiliM.^AalraUtardi •roerlitsleCoiirisinthettjMoBMMorriamni'l " 1 .J, ^*i.and t; ns pf«*eat^j| Weak from sinking tiiroagh Ibe waotof sack a Ooonectioo.If «s in to iMve • Milraod in Browtway, tat us,l>y alt means, hare someihhig diffiirent from our eiciiifig «*, because ul tne oulkhisad qunstioa. waichsec of I rails, almost or bss leee B.ade au l»«ie. Tbe »«lhl>»»«h.r» have aiie- good "lTcM ilite-CeaB«B m fm Hoarse.AqoiWeTMi with the paveneDt, and Hg^t oars,oar-ttoogfa sysleoi.ttiBied aa indepandtot" caaoldaie to leuivirBt would £^'S!l'i.***S!l*•a»tt-bottho»«aonlsaiMasofjeetUes ate besewHh lobmlfedlyiBgooly ihei: oooipleiBeat of passeugers, ralioTO Ihe street 4f at least one-hali of the spaceboth the B«Miblleaa ladtae regular DeiuMraiic naftj. LtsslCAS Hasssul, Bboobsrw-s friead refuMa ts niB asaa An«l-L<-nMn|rto« caiuildaie. so that aarw will k<«eaucao(lfclae In ttw field. Tae okAaoss at pieMBi aie U.Bt A. C. PsAoaAi, tbe r»<gui»r D«m'>-be litUe else than a thor~<uinnuioanco.Tubal CkXS.bith cbat acter, a large property awaar, ..rf u Is believed tbat In a l)>mi>ersiic Lealslxture ha eta •n>tiiK>r«iiifluet>oea«>inKt the bolkbeail faaa ant BoiiUUIcan pwwbly could. Dr. W. B. HArsAWAi, the cawiidAleFBOH THB PAOinO OOAST.la an exnelleatelecud ei(*p. f<.r the faut thul he cuB'itbe eltpec4ed to e«ert as mueli loOuoMee ia tea Laais- at MMuta angb which will not allow them to Aji«th«r Great BkiltOaou ta 8ma FrsMlses lalose at this cruia as can Mr. Tiaobai.eWai and tbeee side stones are hammer- it, easilyed d^n, Wauae they stop short at the rail anil do not break joints with another layer of stonos, oo a*—The Hkomkiwk CIsIk—Dow J«v>« UoubudBariaLCmT—fentm— ^ Ikt Snt-Tark Timn.SoSometUne more ssrious thu an earthquake hasTk* RriMibik-uia had a gixal ilius last night, when Ibey Brwl IIIkuuId boour of the receal triuiao'is of their parly In New-Vurk. Wtaoonstn, tUssacaa- selis. New- Jersey, lowaaad Kaasas.aciiaiaiteri-iclUiig a good deal uf surpfise, receo ly riukeaBaaFraadsoosincenylast, tUocoaUlU leltIjt-ielort\ashlogton.where,wen^veu«ooou-Tha roaedy involves two fnndamental, and, in Bad Ibe wlKile of ika south pattaf the city has #(t a a'atitl; aseuTKi, (hat tlie deueased muti h«»e left a tfas pfcseut practice, opposing, principles—easy will. It would De w«Ji lor smbs of tf>« frienoa of ihe tiaction and easy adhesion. In any street so •Ufer and a toeaor so Ikreatening that the la«t eartk- late 8ena<o> lu kftp an e>e tmi aads>o t»»l a will iicrowdo^that these two conditions cannot be cax-qeake—the fourth liaoe December arieaed—produced so seasatioa irhttevei.and tne whole ton from Tel- egrspb HUl to Mlsstoa Creek Is thrown into snoh sx- cileaaent that the very stupidest meedng you caa gotne ladlri i-iMmA te-setwrate^jarts of it, themast beway 8moot& to allow small tractive power, andiadln ibiecta where "long" traffic proTaiis and to Is a pelulcal talhetlBC, although we are wlUiIa 24 arsenic were found, and the jury xUrlbuted his detih " wlelytointt-hipersace. Paiqiwasnutaubaiitnal shott" and cross traffic is limited, a wide tram- hours of an elecUoo, which, at other times, would sot, l«i wimld have bis sprees every few mon'lui, last-intf with a horse-track between the trams or Kkve absorbed iIm snttre atlentloB. I refer to the ing waicilmes ior two or tiiree weeks, sad Ic was lanuit,j^Testot only cars, but all other vehicles^ k smooUi ranning surface—*, e., it practically light- ens all loads, so that every desctiption of team can maintain a fast trot, and thus notBbeneback claiss, which. Uke a tnaodaibolt out uf a clear Sky, startled the Ban Franciscans out of their smtea just three hours after the last aisamar sai'ed.This claim Is fouialed oa a grant made by * Mezi-csnPiefeoltoonePstsb anoldCaf SassaiBAOK,forolan, la IB4S. It seesii that the Prefects had theoKMi u' liiese («ilodical dtbauclMj tkat daath over- took bim.onlykeep oat of ibe way of passenger-carriages, but econo- mize the time and cost of general transportion.Mooob) night last, under most rii^ireasiag clicam-raauet.loobytbeImadaoibismoatlaUraalafriend,hsAsa Hcssbv, and uiemtierof Ihe samn Iroupa. Thepower to make small grunts to clUzeos out of the Bach rails are laid in Walnut and Gheauut streets, common lauds of tiie Pueblo,—alt that was De(;e^-Bella Uii ou, snd^ tbe uomlciOti occune-t Intbe'mi'ist oi a jtefM imarice. Hosssr hso Just redreJ beblud tueour- tain, when <>ne FASDCBrcE -Kllmobs rntered ctie 'Iress- in|!-io<'m ai d cuUinMnceO shakluij him IIcssit luld £u.knKs lo po away, that he was raUt:-<ed aa*t uid ootin Philadelphia, and are used by every tehieU in to their tarypruoureuKnt being,that thepetiiloaerforthe street, giving the advantage of a railway to the one »huul<> build a hou%e on it and erect a feoce orvntretsal traffic. Our own fashion of deep-trough dig a dtx-h about It. Shortly after the American oc-Tails, adapted only to carrying Hanged wheels, and cupattuD, notice was given to all claim wts u.'v^rto rapid destruction by ail others, is not only lass groundsecaoamical for the purposes designed, but more or Fr»B#lsco, that tbeir claims mutt be filed within a len a to the other traffic, evsn in suburbs brief specified time In the office of the Alcalde. Sdss-wl-h lo betxithered. Eujuoic cootinaaii Ills 'oollog t«*>-k the ost* from Hdssbt's bead, sad ibea utew a dlik-krjiie,. RAiaiea, y^ha lta<i just ceme from the Kidge, saw this act uf £u.uorB, rushed luwarda htm and cauubt bl> arm.. At ihls lu^t-iot lloassv staipe<i dowi, t.< bis trm*k. Which was wlihln a lew le**! ol him.tofikoutasmalbsizedpistolandfired, dmibilnss at KiLuotM, wbo still lield the kbi'e. But the ball pleict'd ine breast of RALBion s'lO passed thmui^ his heart, killing blm alm•>^t Instattlv. ftALSloa. .iitf^r re- ce'virg Ibe fiie, threw up Irs arms aod ex-li'm*^.** Hy God. I am killed." ttieo fell to lue ll-ior aiid expliai. D»-c«a-ro was a very popular vocalisi, in his adortse, and bad trfK>fis oi f*leii<ls Heplcea.«m»fllugnatsai^ce BiaaCK's oQieial posltloa ma<!e It neoessary that he and the through traffic streets mentioned. A biiBaeir&bould write and po!,t Ihe'e nodccs. awheel once in that fatal trough—an inch andduly few moiiibs^go It came out lo evld.ttnce in Court that 8eEi<&EBA0a old this little uuty. yet it does not appetr get oot, so its companion wheerwill, by long run- thai he filea his own claim. If he hid oae, he seems to have forgouen all atK/utlt, or tu have thought itin some cases— thiee-<piarter8 deep docs not easilyning in one place, hauiiner a trench in the pave-ment, if it does not happen to lit the railwaygange, and when it does come out, by a pnlialmost at a right angle with the rail, there^is atwist and a wrench of track, axle and wheel, andpossibly a cridcism from the driver more apt than The CommiHionerii tooli abundant testimony, aad chaste. Not only is the'e one projection on e.ich ended on the Ist uf November, 1B&S, by rejeoUog It. rail sufficiently high to hold a locomoiive at fortyuriKin- ally to ttdsctinnlry ia IMO, retuntP,! to his native oily. f'bilHd<-lt hia. Ill lb55, and was emititiyed tnerti In tbe hoiis« uf DaVid Kav a So>, t'l ,iblng merchants, oa Marki-t-siie^t. Hecsineburs In anihasmiles an hour on a sharp curve, but there are two,BO ttiat if a common carriage should happen to fitthe gauge, both wheeU must climb out of the un- so sure that it could never amount to aoyUiiog, that.i family,)waskuleda;^acram'UioouThe Pbiiadelphia rail is not they never ga>e Its thought. The lawyers, atlor- neceasary gutter. for the claimants, fell « squabblisg, and the de- merely wide enough (seven inches) to fit almost Deysfence lost sight of It. Oatbe24lhof March, 1859, it every convenient gauge of every variety of vehi- w«i, Bubulued wlihoat argument. Just a month later cle, so that all may use it ; but it has no trough, it n as restored to Uie uial-docket for furtber testi- Init merely an upward projection on one side, enly mony, but not a particle was forthcoming. Tne Dis-Ueiicw grants to wlihin the City of 8 innot worth the trouble.8UI1, la March, ISM, ne petitioned the Board ofLand CommiKSiui.ers ro be x,ut in possessloo of his claim, «hich was located. Id the siost general terms, aboutRincoQHill,auJaffirmtHltocoataiaitfJ acres.e-irly 1657,sli ce r<*n |.rrromdi'g as « mrnstrtl. Ha was 27 yeaca old una iiomarrled. H-s iinrle and o aer relatives re- Vice In Philadelphia. RsLProM wns poesestel t f wme means, and hart a certificate of depusil (or $.1,500,Tiuee months after it was appealed lo the ITntied Sutt-s Slates itislrict Court, but the parties whow properly would be damaged by its establishment werawhich la in tbe bands of the (^on>ner.Hf^Bv M. HcoBie, a native of Boston, (where he<*ALTPE SxinKocs, formerly District Atlomey of Uarin County, bas been arrested lotnlsciiy on the (erious I burse of poisoniag his own ebUd by stych-three-quarters of an inch high, forming the tread trict-Attorney did not even put in a brief, and so oa nibe, tKcauie of jeslousv of I'a mother. 'TUQ evl- for die car-wheel. Over this tread, wheals will tte Stu of December, ISM, before tf o'clock in the ornceof the laiier against her bnvband Is very posi-liae ^Ite easily when required to turn oif the Hrack, and even this is higher than is necessary. Ealf an Inch height of rail above the general level is amply aufficieiit to hold a well-constructedmorDisg, Judge HoFFaia filed an opnioa coafirmiogthe claim, and the same hour saUed for Neiv-tive, and serusrd Ilea and was arretted on buArd of a vessel just as it was atiuut tu leave for Oregon-Vofk. -At the first blush, it seemed 'as if Judge HorPMAs Eltba,was d'^posed to run away from bis own decUiuu, butthe expiaoatiun was satisfactorycrowded, cross and «hort traffic prevail, the wide, appealing to the Supreme Court at Wuhingtun, bim to prepaie for his inevitable and awtiildoom. flat rail, although practical where our chasm rail wbere oaly the law-points involved could be coa- Dr. EcwABD OwsH, late steward of the Hospital at would be intolerat>lc, is not exactly the thing re- sidered ; whereas by waiting till the opening of the Fort CroT/k, was drowned on the 2'th ult.. in Cow' Hcrses would slip on it, especially in ezt term, as lie did, rli months were gives for it to Greek, Shasta County, while attempting to ford tke stiesm.car I pon tiie track.pn>parethat if be hadhis decision the -Saturday befcre, which was the laston Blon sliemooo tbat tbe ^aywas fixed, Hbd was advised toof hisday executionBat in the case of great business streets, where of tlie term, Uiere would have been nu remedy but by 4ira, and to b<8 counsel, to procure a reprieve or cumuiuiationofsentence. NopersuasionwilllaJu<;equired.streets vtbere constant traffic necessitates water, be reopened In Judge HcAuisrsa's Court. The Dis-Tne Rrother? Jrnn have been af^qiilt'ed at Crescent City, ol the murder of Rathe^iubim, iu lb.^7.SANDWICH ISLANDS.Ourd^tes from Honolulu are lo Uie IOtl| November,but bring US little news. The Houolulu A/lvrrtUcr pubil'bts me propcry and lax as,^;sfmeal list of the Hawaiian l.-lands, for 18.'iS. From tLis documentthe And its advantages would be pavement.trict-Attorney dors uot get off so easy. Judge IIopf- KAN pretty plainly hints that If be nal done bis duty, the calamity could nut have occui red.Now, all that the Court professed to pass upon, was —the uUlmatu lo7d-stantly stopping at the side-walk or taming in.to ordered until the title is finally confirmed- Aufl so itside streets. Both the elements, smoothness and comes cut that no two men agree what the bouuJs we learn that the grsnd total of ll,« assessments ofTOaghness, are required, and they can both beaie. As the smoke clears up, however, it comes out re*l estate is $3,584,460, and of personal prupertvthat Ibere are three sets ot clalmaats to the claim,$3,441,PS5; total, »7,n2e,305. Ibe total of carts orpractically secured— not with flanged wheels, how- and all locate It The defintie carriages assessed is 230 total " "they dilfureutJy. only ; poil:^ (includingover. Here we run against the railway theory, thing about it is that a cett-iiu old tree, long since all iiiuks over 18 years of sgc) are l/,737 ; horses, popular and almost universal, because no urgent grubbed up and rotted to dust, was- either at the cea- 27 74lJ ; mules, 2,763 ; UO?s, 7,335. Tne lotal tatatlon,*or gencialpui[)0.'-'-8, spj^uars to be ""3.iil5, inc school demand for an improvement has yet exposed its tie or in one comer of Ihe square. Cut what tree or itx eraounts to J'tS.Mb, anl lh>' to.iu t ix to ci!il.24f.fallacy. Many ptopio seem to believe that the where It stood witaessea cssetitially dissij-rco ajoai. The valuation ol leal esia'e in Hoitulutu i6$!,4ii!,b^5,there havc^becn rnjn? iioprovemea'.s, bat mostly inthe Lands of smuil owners who cmrt ligiit too claim.A tliird party, and they are the men of means amongvehicles—that the easy running of a car must the claimants, plant it right over the Fifth.<ivcQue brii^ge c^er Uie WailuLa River, at Hilo, lell wlien ainterieie ftith all other traffic. On the sad Maduon-tquare of our growing town. If their larce pleasure party of visitors were cros^in^ it. Am'ong the jKiity were R. H. Dana, Jr., of Dnstoo,spoils a street *ith its trencher, at)d brings innew principles of ioctjmction unsuitcd to all otherOn tht^ 21st O.uober, a iicwly-couslrucled woodennecessarilycontrary, a twenty-four pa-isenger omni'jus will run more easily thun a twenty-four passenger car onthecar'strack. —location Is the true one. Judge HorpuAn's opinion dis- Capt. Hesbt liosDBTT, of the Bo-trn «hip K'Hira, possesses pur Mggefct bankers and wealthiest men— Urs. BcBDB^T, and severul children nf Rev. IJ. B. Lv- turns out of house and home Joti.i Pabuot, JoKujtor itA.N., The parry were all mounted, .iiid when thethe strength and weight of the carriages being equal—tirst and chielly, of the emoothuess of the track, and secondly, of the di- ameterofthewheels. Acarpansnomoreeasily because its wheels are flanged, and the street gut-and stru^gliBgsttugnliCi; of mei nuIt is all a question01womrn, tragoientsolthe rstiini; atri Dr.i<ii:r, Mtth denpVVa8uisoi<.», Dr. Set ir, Judge Crow and men of that style, who natoraliy very much disliko to be ousted fiom such comfortable houses as they have.In Did times thfy wouM have tailed of lynching thethatletdownsuchacursebut In 1659 San Franciscans are a law-abiding people,pluui^tn^J'tdgeupontheir heads;tered and furrowed as a consequence—on the con- and they don't even speak of the Court with ialigna- the natives, whofe element is the wa1er,^as slight,trary, it runs harder, for the flan ^ea grind against t!cn. They do insist, however, tha; the claim was. cimi^ared wilh the peril arising from Ihe horses an Ithe aides ofthe rails. The flanges sjmply prevent cgnceivcd in forgery, and supported by perjury, and; that most convenient and necessary feature of they promise not to compromise a dime's worth, but short traffic—ability to turn out. But how tofght It out and prosecute the authors of tae claimcity as swindlers, for the example's sake. They say it Is shall the horses get adhesion on a track smooth txumped up r.ot with tne sllgh:e8t hope of gettingthebrokentimt>ers. Thenativesrusriedtothiisp'it. Slid soon were in the water, tendering vapiaslB aid. T:> make a long sUiry sbort, afier imtninrni daQgtr, the whole party escai>ed with liip, altiiougb a Ijw bruises were sustained in the mCet.BRITISH C0LD.\IBIA.A steamer arrived this morning from Victoria, bring-ing dates to tbe 5tb lost. Tbe « eather in Ihe Frazsr River Mines was very cold, and the miners had all ceased work. Lvrge numbers of them returned to Victoria for the Wini.er, -bringing txiasiderable quan- tities of gold dust. A search made for a tost package of dust on board a single steamer plying between Fra- zer River and Victoiia. exposed $00,000 worth of dust to view.:givenbfa foe.Dow, Jr.," who dieS oi a druukenpresent, we must give them adhesion, but the de~preesions in tne pavement for holaing their shoe-corits need not be sufficiently broad or dr !p to in-terfere with the rotation of wheels of large di-ameter. Indeed, no setting of a wheel of any di-ameter into such indentations is necessary. Let a weekly, when sober, to the Golden Era a sermon. If offer it fiatt«rlng inducements for setiiiug in tbe Brit-perfectly solid and flat iron pavement be laid, hav- ng in its surface little slots or trenches, say anish possessioBS,The Victoria Gazette, the pioneer Press in that re-gion, has eessed its issoes, the British journals, su^Governmentported by patronage, having cromled ItInch wide, three-fourths of an inchlong, (or up suffer this snaplcion by permitting his publishers,outofBplrlmallata In Troable. PPIRTTUALISM AT A DISCODNT IN ALAOAUA.The &>/trtriuit Ttlrgraph pobllslies a letter fro-n Dr. G. IUema.v, h Spiritualist, whote (lerforioancts in .\J- abama l,ave caused the 'J.egiilature of that State topass an anti-Spiritualist law. Dr. KeoM^N sayS; — " Like other towns we have visited.tht.' place, (Mont-goibery.) has received a perrcct shakiog up, aod ifie '* dry oones " have ra'.tled, till we ha^e been obiigsd to depart, not, iiowcver, without vlotary per<:h-ng on ourbaimcr. '1hecircleshavebeenconiposedofthe iiileol city and coucTry, incliiJ-n^; muity ciergymon, members of the Legislature, (now in sossioo), with a fair proportion of the more undeveloped portion ofand down the street,) and four it:che3 apart, break- when he was out of to from tbe sorts, reprintthefield^voluoie ing joints with one another. These sluLs would coliecipd out of the Mcmtry, without aoy intimationcatch and hold the feet of horses, as well as would the slots usually mado in the surface or at the joints of stones. They would make a regularthat the new dram c^oiu from au old boiLle. .Shab- bily as be had treated hlnnself, and dirty as I found 1dm wben lying in his plain red-wood coSin in tliu front of the stable that is used for a deau-house, youlonlfensive and modest a man here as when he waspreaching his " Patent Ptrmons" in New-York about once In six months he would hare a big spree. He died almost unattended, in a wretched room, but not pour. He worked at tiie case, and contributedbut;you have seen his sermons lately, you may iiave thought them but reiielitiona of bis earlier produc- tions. But that was not so. He let liis repstatlonto Invite European emigration to the country, andnew Belgiankeep in good conr'iii.,n for aBach a pavement would bewhere but in Broadway, but here it is half made Judge,) has rendered a decision of vast Importsace to was Increased to five htmdred dollars per day; thaavempnt for horses and it would ;From Another Correspondent.sis FaANOtsco, Friday, Dec. 9, 1859.iup already. The prei-ent stone surface is a >d miners, and of much interest to CaUfomians every- bill passed tbe house Uke a whirlwind, and tlio rulesgo foundation for a covering of iron. It is laid, notwhere. It is the case of Galon vs. B'otI and others,were sui^pended to send It directly to the Senile, where It also passed without a thought Tbcxi.iiy negative votes given were Iho-ie from members wbodirectlyof avery expensive any-—diemonall public Spine-mediums wasframedandquartercentui-y.presented to the august body X)y Dr. Mabdby, and sub-permanent way ofJudge Habdy, of Calaveras County, (a Statesequently, bymotionof51r. tile atniuat CumBBAU,la which plaiutiiT sued for au injunction to restrainbottom, but a coating of miners from trespass and waste in his premises. Tlie bad attended oor circles. This act, declared ua-on the concretesand, which is not very solid, intervenes, and thepracticebeen for miners to go where they choose to dig gold. It was held thai the udnerals In the soli belonged either to the Federal or State Government, aa< do not pass with the soil to private ownership. Coase- queuUy, If a man hud bought a piece of public land, and laid it out ever so tsstefully, if a gold vein happenedo be discovered in It, the miners en'orsd at will, tore up his grounds, and carried off the dost regardless of be damage to theownerof the place. Plaintiff claim- ed In this suit tliat be was the owner of tbe minerals asit can at least be uninterrupted by the means which well as the solL Judge Habdt sustains this view,going a little further, perhaps, than did our Supreme Court recently, in tbe great case of Coh Fasaoxr. In tbe latter case the Court denied the; right of say psrty to lesrch for the precious metals on private lands without tlie permission of the proprietor, or thethe community—a virtual admission, also, from the Legislature of Alatunaaof the truth of the pheno ue- na, and their inability to cope w:th them—win, of course, exclude any farther exhlbitioni of the spiritual pfaeaomena in this State. Still, ir caimot in'eriere with Ihe numerous family gatherings that will spring upfromtheseedwehavssown. Wefeelubundaot- ly satisfied with the week spent In Moataomerr City."—at Albany, have presented to Mr- Cbobcb, pn bis re- tirement from office, a rich service of china, accom-cialtii 1-oroli.oe, »UlbelU^Mioilcaiira«u, aiidwoiUd beTXm-TMl^ etmte. llmfO* on tu ho securrMs>aa«,as weh 'wlihtsn^rt lote mStHl^M st-yoMorot ItsappurtsosMe^uwa «• puaaaa ofrifibis •bloa may cuafllct wlia Ua exolustTe "i^K«B^r.e- tlMM)l|l.IslatheTo-nwTOW we bavo a special election for State Soa-p»rt» wbui'e rolailuns witn tiis Seoaior dunag life were ofot.t niitnu acluted lor Ute onoasloo. Tnatual III qui^silou will •ooxrhow or other manage tantw the Socudrerits rrqulied Is more tti«« sU'.p^cK^ hem,Tb'- lilt-nfisof the late B. U. Paios, (Dow jr ,) will be glad to leara Uiat tbe U<iruaer's inquest disproved tl e <iipp<>s1iluii that I'S died hy suiolot. Sn Uaces ofkiiiiKQ as " Tub HAiaioa"-was killed m ikis city u«Dailies weic conceit at tne eiuHgeo givinghaslast ty oiie John RoBEBTS. The parties weie runners f'lr rival sleainboats. A quarrel was originate^! by a noti.rluiis fellow DBme<l Lawlsi. wttn Ri'DBbts, la wtiicb HccuBS became Involved aa 1 struck Hobbbts. A fifth! t-nsue<i, ia which the i«t er drew a ol^iol and shot Ht'OHEs in tbe abd.Knen, inflicting a wound froai which be dird in ifSs than an hour.Jacob whoton of murder, and coooemoed t(> death, wa~ informedwas lecently cuovlcled at Stock-forBr frantically appeals to the clergymen who visitt'liU^ebJItncreensuedafearfulsfjenethewater under ihem, aitil, added to ihc^, the stir il wsu and cry of the natives, which s,.retd lii:,tantly ovt-r Ibe town, carrying dismay lo the beiiris of ail. T'edaneerof arowniiig. est/e«*iallr w-iiti so many good swiu.mers ic the party, and the instant aid ofunder supposed law in California has at ways constitutional SBd lUiberdl by ttie more sensible oflialf an inch above it, would give ample Ibm^eroom for car wheels, :uid a railway for such wide^iiMta as could keep on it, without sensibly in- ^'Xi<r«88 lic^fwe of the Federal or Btar« Government. coofse, UDihIng fass occuned,so tar as I know, toonlyIt will ever be a source of gratification to me that dnrbig ihe two years of our Intimate official inier-eonveoienetng diagonal traffic, and without caus- silver contained In the owcei^hipof goldsndand and1 this you myfclf, improve opportimity to expressprivate ingboisestog.'lp,sincethewidthoftherailwould andpublicIsndsofCaliforalatoheanopenques-Biy sincere thanks fur the txmrtssy and respect wnicaallyou hfve UBifurmly eiteode.i tu me. Wl b ani earnest desire for yourlDdivi.iual.iinirorm an luhireprcaperlty, and with scnununts of the higUest respectUntitled Documentandesttem,I remain, very Iroly, your obedient serv^irn.tion ;. while without lie lese^hsn that of a horse's foot. Or such a rail ibai allJmlce Habot decides,quallAisa' lion, minerals go with tbe land—thataa abso- might be level wirh the tjp of the pavement, lute tlUc la |.,n() gives a perfect right to all It ooa- cut In Ihe stone at its side. This Ulns; that prrint Is yet to be passed upon by the Supreme Court of California, and by that of the Bal-ed States. la the meanUme, howarer, the judgmsoiflange room beingwould give no interruption whatever to otherS. E. CHUacO.nutKbtle tbe Saprvme Court of the State holds tkeproduce ihe sllsbest lll-feelinK between rliber ofhorses,iGov. DocQLASB has declared his purpose of ertendlng over tbe whole of British Columbia tbe liberal laud Fales system already in vogue in Vancouver's Island, under which agricultural lands may be bad for $1 25 peracre,withliberalcndita Tbeauthoritiesdesign—:heTuesdaytasarihXaWvcaMaC »1 >WI af la^ Beat4 •{ OaeetObr ik« .r.tuoisrasT •' Wsr Be Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 