 Hifti/ya qABass.BRTAwTS* MlSBrBSUI, 1Bn Kumra, Beeae, Basvas, Se- nates'HOOLKr A CA JtTBSU/S«%/ -RTH(6*tA* seacs, awMww ht*r«a. jfWATTOKAX Wira-fcuaiO IP AOA TC a k a m a r , QAyfaaspaTwoaatBanjos,Wa.aHsnxSOLTHE»N Eu*rricm—We have several letterabefore a s from Southern gentlemen say tog that we aire Somewhat mistaken concerning the pub- lic sentiment of the South—that Mr. Breckin-=s= ~ n " i — • • w Y east, TtowtaaUajr,ThePrineeofWalessadHisWoald-He NewYorkHosts.,*tainedbythewhole partyfortwomonths. |Theopinionscontainedinthatbookharenever been recanted by these members of Congress,separate Southern confederacy, the re-establish- f mentoftheAfricanslavetrade,andagrand filibustering system o f Southern expansion a c - cording to the plan of General William Walker.All thiscally rebuked by these late Southern elec- tions. In the face o f th e hard, stubborn facts which they furnish, mere individual opinionsmientsforthePeople to Ponder O i er.!itwoaaentasawav-The Repabilcsa Stats Coareation made theirnomination!at Syracuse yesterday o f candidatesfor the rsridusStato sffloes. Aa alsetoral ticketwas also formed to sort all sections of the psrty.An attempt to denounce the corruption of the butDevelopemeatte a t Bymvcmaa4Tate Party attentively scrutinized. It waa expected that Brawattsiai l p .field. In which he held up "the ultimate extinc-tion of slavery'* as the aim a n d object o f t h erepublican party, organized to wage eternal go for nothing, because they amount to waragainstittill theSouthern institutioniadestroyed and the free labor system alone pre- ample. It is the State to which Mr. Breckin-Mofteninglite StatePrinceofWales. Theislandishealthy,thoogh there hadbeen somesickness(sunfever)among the garrison.St Domingo is improving very much in public spirit and enterprise, according t o t h e correspon- dent of the piario de la Marina, of Havana.Syr»©uee : that h e helped t o ruin Seward's moneyforpartypurposeshekeepsasharplookoutfor numberone;thathedeceivedand entrapped his friends in the matter o f the Alba- ny and Susquehanna Railroad bill, and that now he is only supported by Weed and Co. because they can use him to help along their predatory schemes upon thepublic funds andthetax- payers* pockets.togivebisadhesiontothefreetradetheoriesof SirRobert Peel, convinced that in theiradoption lay the only permanent foundations ofthe prosperity of his country. When that greatmanwas made theincessant object ofbitterpersecutions b y the party whom he had consci-entiously deserted, Lord Lincoln wasoneof hawelldone. Thequestion whysucha state the small b u t gallant band o f statesmen who93, isso.Since the arrival of the Prince ofWales inthe British Provinces his manner of conductinghimself, under circumstances a n d amongst a Lincoln has never recanted his speech at Spring- population s o different from those to which hehas been accustomed, has been curiously a n d-Legislature was made by some members of the very ciyous evidence as to the character ofnutes. Several speakers addressed the meeting. butthegreatspeechlookedforwasthatofMr. Douglas, which wfil be found reported a t length inaoother place.Further details o f the movements o f the. Princeof Wales at Quebec yesterday are given under ourtelegraphic head. A serious anclstons, by whichmanypersonawet*eeverelyaadafewfatally[l•a*sG-overnor-hi-mse—lfisnotsof-ara-bovesus-that he has been all the time under strict tute-tact ofhis advisers than to his own unfettered discretionthatareduetheadmirablepropriety and freedom from all that waa likely to shock democratic prejudices that have marked h isoountteeasagainstMorgan. Therepublicaneditorsfromtbeinteriorsadwesternportions of the State held a caucus laat evening to decide upon some course of action in the Convention aad the campaign. CUpp,ofBofialo,presided,aadThompaoo,of• aa..-a.La.Hi.—_m_ .*-- _._.*•• -- .- —— — . -gress,oftheleadingmenoftheorganization throughout t h e country, and of the evangel o f republicanism, Hinton Rowan Helper's " I m -philosopher,"andIwilltellyouwbatbeis.' Acting upon this idea, the conservative people o f t h e South, a s exhibitedinjured by the felting of a seat, occurred during anexhibition of fireworks on the Esplanade in tbe joined bands with the Tribune in the Weedplcion aa the wife of Cseear. The lints has evening. The Prince leaves Jar Montreal this war, aad, under cover of presenting both sidespopularity of theBritiah Telemachus ia in agreat measure owing should hare his fair shareof the credit attaching to the conduct of his pending Crisis ofthe South.'' endorsed by these in these late elections, have risen, androyalcharge. Itisnotgenerallyknown,and leaden,andnowaentforthbythemtothe are rising, from Delaware to Louisiana. thershouldnametbecorruptdeeds,aahewastiredof itistimethatthefactshouldbestated,thaton countryaaacampaignbook. Herewefind against! Mr. Breckinridge aa a Presi- "glitteringgeneralities"Anothereditorspokeatmuchlength, declaring tbe issue an marked eat by tbe resolutions t o b e . stately a paraoaal fight b e - tween Greeley a a d Weed, "and if they took a a r actionuponit,theywouldhavetoails withoneorthemorning. There is a probability that the invitation of Mayor Wood will be accepted.to-day. A spicy debate tallowed far aeveral been, ta which the Chairman sail be was ia Btvorof deaouaciag that body, but did not like the .resolutions; be wantedThe steamship Arabia arrived a t Boston yester-day afternoon. Her mails for this city werede- Morgan for renomination on the heavy spatched intheevening train, aadreached'this moral, indomitably patriotic and strict- city about midnight. Wegive some additional ly honest dodges, and then proceeds to details of the foreign news. state t h e charges against t h e Governor i ngenuine republicanism, and not in the bogusdential candidate, because he ia the anointedAUGUST 2 $ ,Tan CRKKD o r RKFCBucAansx, wrrc Noras dtillofpt of tie season. Tbe reeeipte were again newapapers which support LIncola, from ed-U AND GOUMKATS o r CUKVALIBB WKBS.—In yester-has been on Cha tower trades, from middlingice will'anally break up and dissolve" the re- I as his fifty-two thousand dollar note to tikeweremadeat lit 57S' 41, and of new prisaa at 114 a 114 1ft. Sugars awesteady, with wdes or 1,100 a MM bhdev add MOO bona,the black republican party offers an easy prey if its opponents can combine their forces. T h e result o f one united, vigorous effort would b e the expulsion of Weed and his gang from ourner, Wilson, together with Morgan, Weed, &c.It is hardly necessary to eay that the burthen ofthat book ia the abolition of slavery throughouttheUnionaaanevilandacrime. Mr.Sher-man, who lent his name to endorse it. waa therepublican candidate for Speaker in the last cracy and, their programme of secession—a House o f Representatives, supported a n d sus-Coflee continued to be •MM Freights con Irm, with an advancing tendency for English For Liver?*)! about 90,000 a 100,000 bushels , in ship's bags, at Iltfd.; Included in th*engagementswere6,000do.do,inbags,atltd.,withflourat3s.3d,ToLondonwheat,iabagswasengaged at ltd ;flourwas 2s. 94. There was a good deaaahd for vessels on charter, and several were taken up at fullopicion, and they all tell toe same story—a tre- mendous popular conservative reaction against the fite-tating leaders o f t h e Southern demo-IITfawperar) Triumph of Heed aad the Spoils Butarssetraltiaoed porta.legislative balls, a s t h e money changers turned neck and heels out of the temple.wererates.tt>a....'or by the leaden of tbe party out of Congress.businessh a sbeen mostemphati-Wegivein anotherpart ofthispapersometheloyaltyofthecolonialsubjectsofhisillus- trious mother would undergo some severenothing. Take the case of Kentucky, for ex-I; re at effort* a r e making t oThe Legislative Assembly baavernment to donate a certain quantity o f land t oear li colonist for a period of four years, after whichtime he will be required to pay a moderate rent to Convention meets. It is of the same tenor as death, esteemed it their greatest pride to havesavingtothecityofmore than $100,000an- nually, with a guarantee that t h e work wouldofpower,withtheprostrationof thedisunion- ists o f the South and the North.MEXICO AND THE SP ANISH DEMANDS OX H E R . — The Mexican question baa again attracted t h e attention Of t h e diplomatic world, from t h et h eo frally enough, desire'a longer lease o f the plea- lofty disinterestedness which seem to be sant placestheynow enjoy. For the presentithavement, a n d i n consequence thereof the steam frigate Susquehanna, which was ready t o pro- ceed to t b e Mediterranean, h a s received p e - remptoryerderetogoatonce totheGolfofdiscovery of rich aflver leads in the vicinity of Tarry all, some sixty miles from the former place. Theoreiarepresented aayielding byassayfrom tlOOto$1*0worthofsilverperten.Theexpe- diency of organising a State government waa stilldest as a maid of sixteen." Mr.Danasenttothecommitteeaseriesofreeoiutioa*induce immigration. authorised t h e g o -A l l this comes from t h e Times before t h e the Finance Department. Not only is he free from the Tribune articles, and i s intended as a directadhered to his fortunes, and who,after hisof things continues, necessarily forces itself upon the public mind. Isitfor the reason that the city fathers can make a better thing of itall charges for th e land during those four years,t»ut he i» conveyed from place to place in the pub-lie conveyances gratis, and even boatmen are not over the body of Seward at Chicago, and who allowed to ask him any fee. The Academy of Artsand Sciences was opened on the 1st inst., and -theI'nh ersity enterprise is progressing very favorably.Aforand machinery, which will be of vast benefit in helping along the dissolution of the party.foundryh a s been manufactureestablisheda t agriculturalt h e implementscapitalHue Spanishnavalcommanderto agricultural interests. The government iscalkins; in tbe paper money issued by tbe Baeiadministration* The commencement of operationsby the new line of steamers which is to connect the by a flood which carried away a bridge but capital with S t . Thomas, Porto Rico and otherislands is anxiously looked for. The Archbishop elect had died at Porto Rico, where he had gone to be consecrated.Our correspondent a t Mayagoez, Porto Rico, writing on the 12th instant, says that coolie labor l» not ao satisfactory at present as it has been, owing to the introduction e f negroes from the west coast of Africa, against whom the coolies manifest great antipathy; and that as there is ao probabilityof this hostility ceasing on tbe part of the coolies, it willbecomenecessarytoisolatethenegroesuntil theycanbedisposedoforexchanged forcoolies from Cuba. Business wss rather dull, a a d no re- vival expected until thenewcropmadeitsap- pearanoe in market. The weather waa very favor- able, through the abundance of rata, for the grow-ing crops, and waa aat oppressively hotLate ad\ k-ea from Pike's Peak inform us o f greatexcitement at Denver City ia consequence of tbe common sense for a moment. Either thehead and heart. In the first place h e informedthem that the custom that had prevailed of de- From recent returns from the City Inspec- rernmente struggling for supremacy there. 8TKACUBS, August »—10 P. BLmanding tbe rent immediately after harvest tor's office, it is evident that this official is Withtheconstitutional government it has the Onmotionof£.DelafleldSmith,Edwin O.Mayanre- wouldbediscontinued,aahefeltthattheprac- determinedthat,sofarastbe exerciseof such case of thebark Maria Concepcion, which ceivedtbenominationforGovernor,aadRobertD.Casspblow at the Albany faction. Curiously enough, Raymond, who waa one o f tbe chief mournersdisplayed those rare qualities which have point- ed him out to his sovereign for his present delicate and responsible position. The course which he pursued on coming into possession o fthe contract system, the large per centage now received from Health* Wardens, Deputy Health Wardens and Street Inspectors would cease t o exist, betides interfering with the arrangementsthat republic through moral influences. Spain has concluded to try her hand at diplomatic intervention.Tbe recent movements o f S r . Pacheco a n dstopped a t Auburn to shed a few crystal drops over the remains of the High Priest of Que higher law, has now gone over to the Senator's archenemy, and appears aa the aid o f GreeleyCorruptiono fGovernorMorgan andNEW YORK HERALD,THURSDAY,Tbe market for beef cattle yesterday » w tb? Bents, I t comas from their o w n organs—NEW YORK HERALD. £1ITORAMDPBOrtJKrOB.owes *. w.cnaam or NAMAC A » rcivo* trs. sheep were steady, bat 0#c. lower for Jambs. republicans carry this State and elect Lincoln,may have with hi'iZ trill make- their fight • > * *agaicst any thousand tHtt! that might attack'•lumhering in this country and Mexico, aad m- voire lesujfa iittle contemplated now by eithervery heavy, but the rang* of pri*?|j was without tors who hare held office, and who are day'a Courier and Enquirer Cheralier Webb ia material change, 5|c. and 9c. being the outside acquainted with lobby operations. A nd the out again in another long article about the prices. Cows were steady. Calves were iare grandresultofallthisis,thatshouldtheblack creed of therepublican party andhis own Quart at onrhanged priees. The rates for primethem aslong aa their powder lasts; hut, under b^£in or Mexico. Of one thing we maybenoes,without supplies orsuccor, reWcably certain: in thepresent seasonof dwindle away with disease and de- fever a W enrrfcane Spain is not going to makeSwinewereplenty andaneighth ofa centperpoind lower, varying from Or. to Ofc. The total J receipts at all the yards, including Bergen Hill, were* 4,8rt beeves, 159 eowa, 690 reals, 14,649sheep and lambs, and 4,425 swine.Theee'esel cotton yesterday embraced about 1,800 laearly day, and the fate o f Walker will as that of Lopez in Cuba, underof a very similar character.three cr four montoj *» ttej have for some time past, while Mexico herself c^tinaea her down ward course to that final dissolution which la her evident fate*THE REPUtftlcM STATE CONVENTION.l,ft» sales, closing tmtlKbsea of lie. per lb . for m id camp followers. That this course Of proceedwe f.hall hare bands o f brigands i a Albany and Washington the like o f which hare never been seen before; Weed will b e in th e ascen- dai t at Albany, and will doubtless find some means to WTig|le into Old Abe's kitchen cabi- net, scd to divide the* 'hole* bits among hiswithout accomplishing anything. T h epublican party there can b e n o doubtBank. O u r inquiryh a d refe-But it is also true that if the <jonaerra4ire rotors ofThe StraggleWeedites atnd Greeleyiten.xUlAbouttheCormpUonBoftheLaatLegislature. SBM***^S%aawaawsrw seam wswConreotion.butitresultedunsuccessfully. Modi- theblackrepublicanleaden,drawnfromtheir checksfrom thechilling restrictions andfor- vailsineveryState. Sofarfromrecantation, ridgebelongs,andinwhich,nodoubt,his per-fied resolutions, bewersT, were passed, denouncing own party organs. Taken along with the pro- malities by which th e young Prince would b e Lincoln reiterated this sentiment in still stronger sonal popularity Is greater than that o f a n y THE iHri-CeftaiTTMMlST» corruption generally, s a d declaring that t h e ceedings o f the Convention at Syracuse yester- surrounded. With their democratic and half farms a f e w days a g o . S o d i d Mr. Seward, other living democrat. B u t Kentucky, a s i tschemes at Albany could taot have been got day, and the record of the last Legislature, the republican tendencies, such dampers on their lately, at Boston, reaffirm Hie doctrine of bis appears from the figures, went against him inthrough tbe Legislature last winter without the al- explosion o f this last bombshell in t h e Weed hospitable inclinations would soon hare extin- "irrepressible conflict" speech, o f which Chera- this late election, to t h e extent o f twenty-fivemost unanimous concurrence of thedemocratic campthrowsconaiderablelightuponthesecret guished thecordial feelings by which they lierWebbfindsitconvenienttotakenonotice, thousand pluralityfor Coombs, theBell-Eve-OUR SPBCIAL DESPATCH. arnACCSn,Anatat32,1M0.Now that Weed is here the programme is Usiacsoms aefinite shape. The harmonjthatappearedtoreignlast nighttosomewhatcloudedttassaernlag.tb» members of the last Legislature, who were saimdmembers. T h e following are tbe State nomina- schemes and intrigues o f the black republican were animated. Fortunately the young Prince, though w e quoted i t for him in our article.rett candidate for Clerk of the Court of Ap- peals. Itwillnotdoto anythatthisresult is due to the personal popularity o f Gen. Coombs;tions:—r^rerttor...Lieut Governor Canal OemmbnionerEdwinD.Morgta. Robert 0 . Campbell.Samuel H. Barnes. James K Bates.leaders, who have begun thus early to fight for the federal spoils, which they believe a r e a s good aa In their actual possession.Ever since the Chicago Convention the Tri-bune philosophers hare been carrying on a bit-himself too young to discriminate as to thecourseofconductthatbeetbefittedhimonthisunexplored ground, had been entrusted to dis-creet and experienced guardianship. AlthoughTheaeleaden,andall theleaden,includingGreeley, Sumner, Wilson a n d Lovejoy, haveState Prison InspectorA Douglas aad Johnson mass ratification meetingdeclaredslaverytobeamoral,socialandpoli- for,ifwe mistake not,he wasbeaten very upwiththevenalityofthatbody,areeoortingthenttre-tical evil, which it is ike purpose of the repub- handsomely for Congress, only a few yean ago, duction of denunciatory rssussltasi, that they may defend| his father's title and estates offered an equally of some o f the city fathers, who perhaps, natu-With all this evidence before their eyes, the the leading qualities of his character. seems very certain that nothing will be done byIn his address to the tenantry of the theCommonCouncilto changeforthebetter thestrength than atfirstsupposed. ried everything their own way.Thus far they hare car-delegates again bowed the knee to BaaL A t Fonda, where the Albany clique were detainedClumber estates, Notts, delivered i n Decem-ber, 1851, h e gave expression to sentimentsaad intentions which d id equal credit to h ispresent system o f street cleaning, while every inducement is held out t o a d d to i t s expendi- tures.failed to cleanse the Augean atabU, Woed arranged his slate. T h e portentous finger w a a raised, and the Convention followed its direc- tion with the fidelity of a whipped spaniel The machine waa newly oiled, and ran so smoothly that the Weed men had everything in their o w n hands from t h e moment t h ectarges against Morgan were true or false. In any case, the Convention should have looked into them before presenting hisname for a secondterm.TherailroadspeedwithwhichMexico. Spain h a s t w o causes o f difficulty for tbe radical candidate for temporary chairman, ana with the Mexicans—one with each o f t h e g o having a consultation with him.Conventionnominationhouse h a s again triumphed, a n d will b e readytocarryonbusiness,eitheratAlbanyor Washington,orboth,withthe utmost prompt- Bess, neatness and despatch. After t h e nomi- nation of Morgan the further action o f the Con- vention has but little significance. They might pass all the resolutions in the world, but they could not deceive any person with a particle ofassembled.without dissent, th eConvention w a s p u t through i s anothera subject of discussion. Thefirstgovernment mail roof of the fierce internecine feud which exists duties towards his tenantry, which ia but rarelyeastwardhadtakenupwardsoffourthousand letters.The Caited States steam frigate Susquehannathe ranks of the party, already divided into ragonisticandembitteredcliques.It will be eeen now how important It was at Weed and his m an Seward, the es- representatives of the lobby, should overthrown at Chicago. Butthe work only been half accomplished. Weed stilltobemetwithamongsttheclasstowhichhe belongs.hauled downfrom tbe Brooklyn Navy Yard, she having received ordera to proceed immediately to VeraCms, Mexico,insteadoftheMediterranean.t ot h eBatteryyesterdayafternoonFearsbetrayedintoacceptingsomeofthefulsomeob- to know if Colonel Deluvun hasdiscovered with Juarez would notbring anythingbut ligations which individuals, for their own glo- some new method of reducing the expenses of empty words aa a salve for wounded honor, rification, seemintent upon forcing on him.streetcleaningsincehehasactedinthedouble thoughifcarriedtoextremesitmightproduceWe hare no apprehensions of this kind. The capacily of City Inspector and Chief ofthe Duke ofNewcastle is too discreet and safe a Sanitary Bureau?The Police Cemmnwionera, at their meeting yea-terday.dismissedfromtheforcepatrolmenMcCar- reignskidparamountoverthemajorityofhis thy, of the Twenty-first precinct, for being found party to this State. H e ia, according to thedently make a wholesale repudiation of that body. Shst strain of argument characterized the remarks o f 0,1 the speakers.Wii.i.tA.v WAIJCBR COMK AUXIN.—Walker, yean 1815!and 1830,swept the Spanish ofthedemocraticanoeaners;thusmakings**attetaptlaasleep ea Mstain Wll'iahimself fromaeral Supertalchargeprefeigeant Laplin,fering at the republican primaries.IKmes, the head of a party like the famous MattesonleagueInthelastCongress,and even morehungryfora*y ^than to toons foi- IdaersofO R.If rlu. 7""""*"T"*^"""**guidefarhimtopermithisroyal charge to be madetheinstrumentofministeringtothisfoolA hearing ia tbe ease of Cap- had, charged with absenting but no decMoa given. TheGe- eut waa ordered to inquire into thegrave complications with all the other Powers,Such por i ioas ef the New York Central Railroad aswereaffectedbythetataseverestormsiathe western part «jf the State have been repaired, aadof men that left the Southern porta b y casual i!p|N>i huiities to join hint, has gathered his forces andlandedatTruxillo,intherepublicofHon-Porto Rico, o f a l l i t s once American posses- sions. The rising commerce of Spain offers too tempting a booty to b e safe In times o f troubleaaittee were urnaleaoas ta the tr rer«eV. This « t b cided backdown from the attitude e£ am aati Wood «e*« yesterdayaad%h*miming,aadfc%m\^ywHUewasa.*:runningwiththeirasaalregu- leadenshowtheutterrottennessoftherooub- lican organization, and indicate the speedv di*solutionoftheparty. y^rwa--i i r*fen ae veu to that the evidence T* to the uifamy of the blackfromWe presume the government will order other vessels to Vera d u*. itt order to makeout force respectablethereandkeeptheJuarezgovern-WeedbaacCiBeoutuppers^**,,afterallti.•***•*<»of Greeley »ua etbtrs agvuai V;«n. He aud ha A<bta7~ creebarereer'.vedavaA-J»ir<—u*,i<a»«*i*a:'"*»!'.*••«•'Untitled DocumentMorganp u t Albanyw a s o ldcaptured in suspicious proximity t o the port of Alvarado shortly after our capture o f the t w oAs soon a s tbe vote waa announced a s carried tb e whole Convention rose to then* test, aad, with the crowdi sla tbe gallery, gave cheer after cheer. prevmila.Great enthusiasmstriking example o f t h e justness o f views anda t o fVera Cruztice was prejudicial to the tenant, by compell- ing him t o thresh out his corn a t a time when itwaanotfitformarket,and disposing ofitata considerable loss t o himself.facing the announcement by an allusion t o cer- tainabatementsofrentmadebyhisfather,he statedthathehadcometotheconclusionthat, as a claim for such reductions had been made, hethought thefairest course wastohaveall the farms upon the estates revalued, which had accordingly been done b y his orders, and the result was the reduction o f the rent o f a largepower a s h e possesses i s concerned, h e willtriumph over the obstacles thrown in his way;and there Is a consolation, as novel aa i t will h egratifying to the taxpayers, to know that his steamers. H er cargo of bay. provisions,proportionraised be had decided upon leaving a t their old rental. Considering the heavy sacrifices which theseconcessionsentailed on a landlordwho hadaprincelyranktomaintain,theymanifest aconscientiousregardforhisobligationsandpill that he bad to accept to prevent a general smash up. T h e C o m m i t t e e o n R e s o l u t i o n s c o n c l u d e d t h e i r l a b o r s this evening, with teas trouble than it was anticipated. Those that everybody believed would insist upoa recommending atrtagent resolutions seem to have backed down,aadtheoosamiUtehaveagreeduponaset"asmo-o fthem, whilstt h ef e wthat werehare beenexpressedthat whent h ere IanVa chance oTfaTttog'into Uaxr•htOugha]mmutauto.i.4d-;d deaVrt countryto J gothe northern frontier of Nicaragua. W e lure of thtt-at,Then, after pre-»Icreed,fatreply to tome observations we made on Monday last, showing that the cardinal point in the republican creed ia the "extinction of slavery," and (hat Webb had attempted to pass off a counterfeit for the genuine article. ;~~What Webb's own opinions a r e , o r a t a n y time were, w e never dreamed o f discussing. His opinloca are of about aa much consequenceany naval1 demonstration in Mexican waters, will probably recapture Trux- j and affairs wiV prcT^obly drag along there forUnited Statesrence to the doctrines of the republican partytendedtochecksales. floor 0)targe, bat towards the State will come o u t i n force and declare aa proclaimed by their leaden, their organs and ridge will carry all before him, and that thisBetweent h efast white, *«there will beno need to mail for the deceasethe fullest and moat complete exposition of thedalL Wheat was themselves against theae notorious spoilsmen, their documents. Where d o w o find t h e first supposed reaction o f Southern public senti-ment against the Southern democracy ia a delu- qualities, of the party i n t h e natural course o f things. | republican creed? I a '•Helper's Book," which sion.! I n reply, we point t o the results o f t h eassayandprionsdaU. Comwe* TornbyInternal dissensions, loathsome in its is endorseed by sixtyeight leadingmem-large. Pork wai lateelectionshiKentucky,NorthCarolina,Misaanaelallr Car new own rottenness, foul with i t s o w n corruption, b e n o f Congress, including Seward, Sum- Kouri and Alabama, to say nothing of Arkansas.the natural and easy manner in which he hasaccommodated himself to the circumstances in lican party to extinguish. Believing as they do. by Mr. Breckinridge, in the Ashland district, siou rightlybelong.was held last evening at Newark, N. J. An im.meo»econcourseofpeopleweregatheredtogetheron theoccasion. About half-past eight o'clockMr. Douglas* arrived from New York, and enteredthe building, where the meeting was held. He was corrupt t o a n unparalleled extent; that t h ereceived with the most ardent enthusiasm, the prime mover in the infamous schemes pushedpeoplestandingupandcheeringforseveralmi- throughbythelobbywasThurlowWeed,and lage,andthatitismoretothejudgmentand We Cannotaccept Webb's opinions(any the reaction in theSouthern public mind willgivehimninetenthsoftberepnbUcaavotetathetrterhand-to-handwarfareagainstThurlowWeedtheyareonlyconsistentinthisaim. Webb down to the genial and amiable impulses himselfpronouncesslaverytobe an evil,but of hisownnature, it must notbeforgotten ttultifieshimself by declaring in favorofitswhichnowhasgiven aheavymajorityforrtucky election—it was something more—it wasagainst the democratic disunionists of the Tan- cay,Keitt,RhettandSprattschool thatdid the work; and i f the result h a s fallen heavily upon Mr. Breckinridge, it ia because of theaad his lobby clique. The Tribune has which he has been placed has been setCouldMorganArecordbeas thoroughly canvassedfar twentyfourhoursasithasbeenthismornlag.noperson wouldbefoundheretoboldhimupasasampleofhonesty.charged openly that t h e last Legislature w a athat that person, more than any other, wasre- sponsiblefortheodiumwhichthoseschemes brought upon the parry. Weed's ark o f refugebeen in supporting Governor Morgan, who |•• protection.*' even b y force of arms.more than his note for $52,000) aa the creedof therepublicanparty,buttakethedeclarations of the republican candidate; o f the prophet of the petty, William H . Seward; o f the chief or-Coombs.No, i t was not Coombs that carried tbfe Ken-The delegates along the Una o f tbe aWsSSaStaWSJ EaU- road state that if the democracy will unite on Kelly theyretoed many of"tbe plunder bills: Mtf.we find I progreas aince he set foot on the American gans of the party, Thurlow Weed aad Horace company in which the people find him. "Show tbe Lerey Oc:etie, acted as secretary. Stuart, efnow that,accordingto the Other Lincoln organ. I shores. itisbutrightthattheMentortowhomtheGreeley; of the republican members of Con- me the company a man keeps,'*says a shrewd aVnghamtoa, offered a n uhrtssa saaaaaaasj thelast Legislature,andasking tbecaaeastore-ofthequestion,states,whateverybodyknew before, that t h e Weed clique recommendedContinent Amongst the whole British aristoc- COSTS.—For years past complaints have arisen The new •teamship Bienville, Capt. Bulloch, detail. It Is declared that all bis vetoes racy a wiser or morejudicious selection could from all quartan of the immense outlay ofnot suppose that either M r . Breckinridge o r other he therefore opposed all action. The relative meritsfromNewOrleansandHavana tbe18thinst.,ar- were"putupjobs:'*thatit wasarrangedbe- rived here early yesterday afternoon. She brings forehand that they should be overriden; that aonewsofimportance.ThetimelimitedforthehesignedtheNinthAvenueRailroadbillbe- IntroductionofcooliesintotheislandofCubahad causeitwouldhelphis interest intheHudson been extended b y t h e government. T h e healthRiver road; that h e played into the hands o fof Havana coatinued remarkably good.the brokers in the matter of the interest bills;Our advices fromHamilton, Bermuda, are to thatheboughtupthewhole citydelegationto men.General Lane sympathizes with the wild vaga- ries of Yancey; but it is due to themselves and the country that both Mr. Breckinridge and General Lane should frankly state to the publicofGreeleyandWeedware discussed prosadone,aadea attempt was made to draft a resolution te eait Mr. Clasp's Idea, but no parson was found equal to the tssk, aad tbe canons adjourned without agreeing upon anything.Those in favor of the resotation assert that it was de BatedbyCtapp'smanoeuvring.Tbe feeling brought about in favor of tbe raaominatioa of Lieutenant Governor Campbell baa been done by the onslaughtoftheradicalsaadthefriendsofCampbellupon Governor Morgan, tbe friends of tbe latter are frighten- ed a t the attitude of things, and take him to save them selves.Itisoneofthebitterestpillsthatcouldbead ministeredtoWeedaadMorgan,butonethattheywillbe forcedtoswalloworbareageneralsmashup.The radicals declare that Morgan shall not be taken for bM parity, and Campbell, who did more to resist the cor- ruptions at Albany than aayother man, be stricken down. Danatolookeduponastheleaderoftheanti Weed forces, and around him the friends of Greeley rally; battheywillbeabletoaccomplishbatlittle,for,asusu al, tbe old man at Albany will have everything his own way, with the exception of the tomination of Campbell, which be is obliged to submit te, or flue wane.the selection of James Smith, of Canandaigna. SvI-ACTO, August 32—1 P. M.The morning session ot the Convention revealed an ir- repressible conflict between the anti legislative party aad tbe Weed men, showing tbe former to have snorethe 13th inst, The Governor is to vacate:thegovernment house, Mount Layton, with a vUw toitsbeingpreparedforthereceptionofthechancesatChicago;thatwhenhespendsanyTheconservativemassesof theSouth,mean- When Lord Lincoln, and under the control of troller have done evreything i n their power to time, hare inaugurated a revolution i n that abigotedfather,hisGracewasoneofthefirst carryexistingordinancesintoeffect,butthesectionagainstthepro-slaverydisunionists.his Grace tbe Duke of Newcastle has been de-volvedbyQueenVictoriathe entire responsi- noteoftheChevalierWebb.bilityofherson'sactionsduringhisvisittoour STKEET CLEANING—HOW A\D WBAT IT democracy,the Southern disunionists. Wedonot have been made. The career o f this noble- money for keeping clean the streets of the m e - man, from his first entrance on public life, has tropolis. An ordinance to give out the workbeen marked b y a n uprightness, a soundness by contract h a s passed t h e Common Coun-ofjudgmentandacomprehensivenessof views cil, and proposals have been advertised theirviewsuponthisparamountissueofUnionwhich hare singled him out as one o f t h e mostfar and accepted b y responsible parties, which t i e Common Council refuse either to confirm orreject TheCity Inspector and theComp-or disunion, s o that w e may all know exactly where they are.patriotic and estimable o f living British states-I?«0.CommonCouncilstilldelaytoactinco-opera-tionwiththeirefforts. Byenforcingthecondi-tions ofthe late contract, entered upon somesix or seven months ago,there would be a sured, the Union will secure an unlimited leasebeen numbered amongst hit followers. B u t i t far themselves b y keeping matters a s they areisnotinhispubliclifeonlythattheDukehas thanbychangingtheexistingsystem?Under StateshavingfailedtostoptbecivilwarintheengineeringofWadsworthaadBristol,triumphediaSPWWWSHS r•ah4BO doubt to^ to* **« hundred men w f M h e I the torch to the ant! Spanish eentimeat, which laP i BLICSENTMXNT—THE LATEThe results of these elections are positive aadauthoritative expositions of Southern public SERIOUSTEOLBL£ I.\TOKEPLBLICAfl CUP.championof that disorganizing factionoftheandallthatwenowwantisaconcurrent Northern conservative movement againstour no-slavery disunionists; for thus, we feel as-fact that France, England a n d t h e Unitedattractedt b eattentiono u rgovern-Tbefirsttestwas upontbe motionto referall resolu- tions offered to the Committee on ReaolnUoas without de- bate. This motion was made to smuggle all resototiaaa denouncing tbe Legislature. Tbe motion waa tabled by a voteof113toP«. WeedalsoetaowedthathefeltI tbe tide against him WSS exceedingly strong by icleared from Havana f o r Galveston, b u t w a s bell that for Lieutenant Governor by aceumation—not a voice raised against tbe motion.drc, h a d a strong appearance o f being supplies intended forthecamp ofMiramon duringthesiegeofVeraCruz,andastheywereefforts are being made available t o reduce theexpensesof thisbnnchof thecityservice,whileitsduties will beperformed with unre-mitted efficiency. Itis undentood that for the equally adapted tothe sustenance of the be- dateforCanalCommissioner,was nominate1onthe fretlasttwoweeksthe CityInspector has,inaddi- siegedcity,the Mexican courts havebeen intion to his own duties as bead of the depart- no hurry to adjudicate her case. The otherment, officiated as head o f the Bureau o f Sani- difficulty is with the Miramon government, and just as he wanted it, with the exception of Campbell—afurther action. Several persona presented reseluUanav of thepublicmoney. Thediffennce between shecan deriveadvantagefromquarrelingwith amongstthemaaeriesbyDavidDudleyField,whichate*,Mr. Downing's last week, from records before either. A quarrel with Miramon would ouly spoke in bitter terms of the Legislature, bat it was urgestby tbe members of the Committee that there was no Jcdt- Prince ofWales comes amongst us he may be escape attention, and the public would like and liberal views Spain cannot stomach. One elalproofof corruption. They couldnot,therefore,jra-us, a n d M r . Delavan's late return, cannot result in benefitting Juarez, whose anti churchrefers t o the assassinations o f Spanish subjects, p a y m e n t s o n S p a n i s h c l a i m s . & c , w h i c h h a v e been long pending, and. from a l l appearances,tary Affairs during t h e absence from the eityo f Mr . D o w n i n g , w i t h t h e r e s u l t o f t h e r e d u ction o f expenses last week o f $1,004, the totalexpenses for cleaning the streets amounting to are likely to bang fire for some time longer,*t,o27 23. Itisdifficult togive areasonfor SenorPachecoandhis instructions tothecon-thisimportantdiscrepancy,amountinginthe trarynotwithstanding.yeartoasavingofmorethan$:.0,000tothe Tbetruthis,Spainhasplenty ofreasonstoc%, without charging it to the fault of a hither- pick a quarrel with both parties in Mexico, denouncing in bitter terms the venality at Albany. They tounnecessaryandtotallyuseless expenditure andtheonlydifficultyinthewayistofindhow werereadbyMr.Field,anulaidonesidewithoutanyMr. Field finally modified h ia reeoiutioa, masMy d e - nouncingcorruption in general terms ta alt i^gtetettve American and European, and reproduce bodira,aaddeclaringthattbe aoaiiaiis atnteeny eould that state of things which, between the nothavebeenpassedwithouttbealmostunaaisensevotethrow tbe responsibility upoa t b e demoenaey— t stodge ""••v •"**»**» viawaus flag from the oceaa. and kit it thatwillnotgodowawiththepeopleaswailasit baafLm>mn vanity. The Princwe visits us as a private after knocking about for a month cr six weeksthe Seventh preciact, for inter Etaaw^aamws Z J ? 2 l * • • " » * • • * J WWdnal, and, with the exception of the inri- in the Caribbean Sta, picking up email aquads to ware jonly in tbe islands of Cuba and withtbeconvention. VTUh that mot HAUH the c«»agstastCaptain SquiresandSer-Ianother clique,under Qieelay^ B . TM ^ who are anxJoue to eamadpei the parrrfrom theWeedyoke,undoubtedlywith ivtowto biinjr it under some other. The quarrel, o f thetaticna from the President a a d the Mayor, w ethink i t highly improbable, considering t h ehandsheisIn,thathewillacceptanyothercompliments ofthis nature The tuft hunters duras. Tbecapture of this tittle unpreparedandJenkinsesthatarelyinginwaitforhimtownwasaneasything,andnow,intbemonthamythereforesparethemselvesallthetrouble ofAugust,bestands,withthetropical foreststo which they are putting themselves. The before him and tbe tropical fevers behind, in ment in couutenspce; and soma fiery Spanha to sxcomatuh H. TeetaafMdcareof tU- cosxaitb^k take, hie Mentor, knows tbe ropes, and will the face of a march of some two hundred miles lieutenai t, ignorant of the entent to which hU without par-iiei iaotM r.rfU«cal bteWy.injifllMhn-w i r i h'iMS«"iiaa«rnHominationLieut. Governor Camnbell.o f9omu ofthemselves aad show where she corruptions of that ess-The Central Committee had a warm time over the tern porary chairman of the Cos vention. The radicals, througtiTbe republicans of this city fired one hundred guns i a honoroftbenomination.Samuel B. Barnes, of Chenango county, Weeds eaadi-ballot,receivingonehundredandfortyvotes;aadJames K. Bates, of Jefferson county, for State Prison Inspector.Thus Weed's slate bas been adopted. The ticket tothe ABMay laaawsAy.Theelectorsun*ooe«.;atutcahijre<»nteu*>.*w«ecitae eaedtocarryItsgaan iiirj in in iIUTIas*njra»Vasi ir;ii ". rtwKxne indweren act apply Amcricar-earc «vtthd.by tucaainc or P/tuun. the 0 * Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 