 'hese rMmnn* md <2ect>n>os HI* a^pir^ut*, Ottr. Sewardronghgoing &a »y rival. Iwe printed I ^les in favor ofTHE LATEST NEWS, To tti« AMOctnted Px«««. i . :_ WAsfliNorotf, Tuesday,iJun« 5,1860.Mr. BRAGG (Dem., N. C.) opposed the amend- ment, and Mr. rVEBSON (Dem., Ga.) advocated it.THE GREAT TORNADO,GREAT LOSS OFLIFE.X e t t e r f r o m H o r a t i o Seymom UTICA, Tuesday, June fj, |]mOOKZYN'ITEMS.<vi* directlj or Pyracuae Ms favor, Jb'it *rs*Mrper-H-c^airtn I d i d ried to *on- 'a fair .hearing fffecii^e sup- should nomi->u.<:ht none bat tay be nomi- saeeess 'withanswer: 't»on, becausevoted for hi*, carry him. X& vote for Mr. ih* deVg&tei nd Indians as ?nt to Chicago rsbutaI*oto l* the pivotal ignal unanim- not be earned declared that had no chuicee, or it would attacked Gov. lis seat. Too al order in the ••zthe nomina-;on co« respon- se; that Mr. bdeoeyof th<ttis*«muchre-ference to arst public duty,•ensuring Gov.)•and of comparatively long continuance'. me n't of mourned Texas volunteers wins concurred in. \ The Pres-ulent, among other things, informed them Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) offered an amendment that he selected for the commission several of the most. that no army officers, except the Lieutenant:General, csllant officers of onr Navy, who; in peace, were m«>st shall hereafter receive more than §5,000 per annum.CHICAGO, Tuesday. Juno 5, 1860. Fromtelegraphicmessagesreceivedherolastnightmy name in connection with the nominatfonk |o bemade by the National Democratic ConvemtibnL and tors, -of whom there were ,a comftderablc number.you have also repeatedly in the course of t^e past Some lime since, it appears, a yonngwan nanwd Rob-im-d," he did onetasive. . I f ' of the Senate \e two votes of { ist t^fcat raon- J fror e|j»sola»ionxwere * paired"0 is no true •Mi.-eiit to have HOt an enemy ft a seat in the'years yet) re- jstruction to my tijeir dead. I ;lic spectacle of •some station, in-dilating on n of him—their d to beat him, •era«e sincerityly mau ki»h and supported a can-rer ha* defeat; let 1 have felt thia,said it oil this e$y and just.Jte»»t of motives, n;y prompts* the y decidedly re- st it is not cour- ijdclnejrig some- :a private letter. apprising bixn fortunes would : Senate in the T -r is the basis\ <}\8 testimony). why am I not corid judge, of its tip desire to —m WfrL to pur- ill not ask for r *m,e say* that, tde -fit it against:bd publish it—-at t&eik? imputa->-?t<r,whichiswithheld, or ex-(.tre I rest. II. *;,r)i-)weredtopro- Sij JJail at once, ready, and an • ''gi'S >et they v Cityisearried places in conge-st Com/in.Hriocer, :.*-r<y and many *»di;ed here andheavycost for inconvenience to to transact with nd their hiding-to c»ve been held p ieking-boxes i» health *Ajudges, xe compelled'to >f the miserableagainst which drafts may be made.It has been the practice of the Auditor's office,sa.^ bill taken Up.Mr.>GREEN (Dem., Mo.) said he would vote uponjected to it on the ground that the boundaries proposed conflicted with the treaties witkthe Indian tiTocs. He reviewed the history of Kansas, and attributed the dis- oiderw which occurred to the efforts of Emigrant AidMr. REYN OLDS could not consent to that. Under the operation of the previous question the amendment of the Committee on Judiciary was adopted.Mr.. TAYLOR'S amendment was rejected—77 against 99. '•' ,iga. About $100jommittee was ap- f th* Ward with * . The meeting ad-The following arc the footing! of our Bank Statemout lor th « ' ton avenue, will be laid with appropriate se|rv}oe8 to- Forsyth street. No business of puWic-importance WMiSpecioDue froiu Other b'nk»P,17?,0Wfi,10ii,5W> Circulation,.. *••••* i/ifOjTOO occaeiou. 3,360,500transacted. The object of the Ccsavoution does not ex- to encourage wcial iatercourttt among th« «aft%'%&&?k?imwfr >**»-> .i•">*^'*t-.'•-' •.* • •• • ' . s * . —NEW-YORK DAILY TRffiTJNE, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1860. .-, r ••.• y i - ^ u i W W *5RECETVED BYThe Japanese Princes, accompanied bv their princf- After further discussion, the amendment was reject- SHI officers and the naval commission, proceeded to the ed, by Yens, 25; Nays, 29.The following letter from Ex-Governor SeyTnbjir, inrelation to the use of bis name in connection with theBaltimore nominations, is published in The Uti^D.ai- ing Httle affair, somewhat out Of the UHual order offor the knowledge of the weekly returns; but this there was no ground for the sweeping remarks of the$100,000. The German Catholic Church is almost acomplete wreck. Tbe Episcopal Church lost its stee-ple, and is s:.id to be almost a total loss in conseeiuenceofthe walls being cracked. Tbe organ is also ruined.The steeple of the Methodist Church fell through the among which was one for six runs that went over the .grand and successful revolution, to be nobly consum-•«• •vf-^w, $*)\tir •&'•>•executive Mansion to-dav, at noon. The Jap.nn"8ft Several au-Cndmeiits. were then offered, but were MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. took leave of the President. The latter received them ruled out of order, being private land claims.hj Observer of this afternoon: ' a things, occurred in the Court of Sessions yesterday, " To the 'Editor of The Utica Daily Onscrver. j; •.' i causing considerable nnxh-ty on the part ofthe promi-Liberia, and providing for \heir temporary main- 'be required to operate against. Japan.The distinguished visitors, through the interpreter,journed.iictilars in r»gaid to the tornado of Sunday morning:The President has signed the bill which increased his recent Special Message.•adjournment; which the Senate will fix. Those the pay of the Navy officers about 95 per cent. Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) wished to move tostrike out so much of the bill as provides for thelonged to the family of Tnomas Hatfield. The cur-rent then passed South of Rowmersaand Low Moor,t>e cace sbonld be proceeded with, arid the) Court de- been so hurtful to the honor of our country, anu so cided that, it should go on. This caused great excite- baleful in its effects upon public morality. | i ii. • ment among the friends of both tbe^ parties present"." H O R A T I O S E Y M O U R . ":H\:M •' They consulted with each otherfin*some time, when finall} itbccamelcnown that tbe two most interested had"enteud into an agreement to be-married forthwith; TheRev.G.M.Johnsonwassentfor,batnotbeing-: at liovae,. Justice Voorhies was summoned^ The On the morning ofthe 2d inet. fourmen were gajroted- parties retired info an adjoining apartment, and, La-in'the presence, of 20,000'persons. ijSugar, was unchanged, with a moderate demand. the presence ofthe relatives of the couple and officer* -•The stock was SCOyOOO boxes,, against 390,000 boxes at ofthe Court, were united in tbe bonds of matrimony. tbe same time last year.' j.i'!/' This being accomplished, the young lady's father ex-.Exchange'on London, 12^13 %>cent premiumi• o • pressed his satisfaction at the result, and informed theDcatli of tlie Hon. S. I>. Insriiam. new husband that he might go to a certain unmention-j• TKK.VTOX-, Tuesday, June 5, IS^Q. able locality, for he (the father) would take care of bisThe Hon. Samuel D. Ingham, one of the mpst es- daughter and suppoitber. On reentering the Court, teemed citizens, died thip morning, aged 81 yetaxfl, [JMr. : Ingham was a native of Pennsylvania and Represent- the District-Attorney called on the indictment forative from that State in Congress, afterward Seojrtjtary trial, as a formal' matter, to which the defendant; of the Treasury under Gen.. Jackson. A truer patriot pleaded in bar a marriage, which was admitted, ana*pretended justification is too weak to .be received Senator against the people of Kansas, and that his his- those who deny that t^he Federal Government has tory of the actions of Kansas was fallacious. He con- power to suppress the slave-trade, hut this bill was anoed from.'the streets. The fnaurrcetwn of-thought and was marked by 'several exceedingly fine leg (hits, action which originated in 185G had now swollen into a•with credit. The accounting officers knew i the tended that the facts show that. Kansas has about one unwarrantable usurpation of power. It proposed to deception that was practiced, and cannot escape hundred thousandpeople. He thought this attempt to laurioh this Government on a gra\*e policy of mission-roof, damaging the building to the amount of §3,000. fence, it being the/finest bat ever made on the grounds. mated in the Fall of 1800. • About the heaviest loss falls on Mr. Fitch of The Sadler is the best English cricketer on' this] cbnti-.the consequences. Their retention in office under such circumstances provokes the severest com- ment.THE TREATY WITH SPAIN.The treaty with Spain recently negotiated by Mr. Preston, for the settlement of our outstanding claims, will be ratified whenever taken up. It is intended to remove.an old cause of irritation be-"tween the two Governments.,THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.Thenearly completed the examination oft he Appropri- ation bills sent from the House. They have fixed Thursday morning,, at 9£ o'clock, for a discus.sioa of the Tariff, and Mr. Hunter has promised a test vote in the Senate. All the present indicationsa r e adverse to any important mod fie ition. THE COINAGE OF CENTS.Thesame,Committeeadoptedaresolutionrec- ommending that no more pennies shall be coined at the Mint, this currency having become a vexatiousannoyance to trade.THE PACIFICRAILROAD.A quorum of the Pacific Ka'lroad Committee •could not be mustered this .morning, and Mr. Cur-tis summoned another meeting for to-night.THE HOMESTEAD BILL.The Committee of Conference on the Homesteadbill will meet again oh Thursday, and endeavor to reach some compromise between the two Houses.change the boundaries and pres-nt an entirely new ary improvidence. Jt was a great humanitarian enter- istue was a mere way to get rid of, the question. prise in behalf of the inhabitants of Ethiopia. If Con- Mr. GREEN was understood to'say that the Senator gress may appropriate money for one year.; why notD'tnocrat ofhco, whose loss is about $8,000; ! Mr. George A. Cook satg a campaign sons: adopted The damage by the hail was considerable'in all parts nent at this present time, and NewhaU. tne'jb'est to the air " Cheer Boys Cheer,'' and was loudly ap-Finance Committee of the. SenatehaveTHE ADMISSIONOFKANSAS.Mr. Green made his demonstration against Kan- sas in tho Senate to-day objecting principally to theBujclay c. Waller b. Brett. (j Senior '... .||Jfiji . 5 Pardee and James Odell, aged respectively 17 [years, Sharrattc. Brett, b. H.Wright. 1 Tinsbn b. Wntennan.••|'t-i!.,.. 4. residents of Forcham, in Westchester County, -met' ("OIHHrun out..- v ,..5'vatkerb.Waterman-...,a.. 0Howorunout J......12Robinnoiinotout.......').j..28 neartheresidenceofMr-.Batlerinthatvitlage-Jwith "Watt-rnjuu' b.^Gibbt'f , . . 5 B urnett not. out . . . . ; ] ' . . 0 the affectionate idea of pommeling each other accord-!!••I•IItii IYboundaries, and urfeing the tecbical plea that theTotal.The game will be resumed at 10 a. m. to-day.);terms of the English bill had not been complied with. 'Mr. Collamer answered him fully and success- fully, exposing the weakness of these objections and assigning many conclusive reasons why thevention.'fflse'•'..'. 'State should be admitted, and this cause of embar- hours a day, i* A rassment relieved.1and expressed a desire to fight the victor betself. The cry being raised that the Police \rcre coming, the ground was soon cleared. In a few tniuuteJ thereafter a squad of the Twelfth Precinct Police cajne up, but were too late to catch tho pugilists or their, friends. The fight created considerable excitement of Fordbam,There was a terrible blow from south-west to north- ment in-tbc British army. Notwithstanding tlie TROTTING MATCH POSTPONED.—In conjicquenoe of east this morning, .which unroofed a few houses, pros- the rain yesterday the great trotting mat sh betweentrated fences and chimneys, and damaged river steam- the streets were thronged with «pectators.he judges, whoay, Judge M*ua- But a majority exhibited their foregone purpose known the effect of his vote. He moved to postpone:«ed to sit upon place had been rday, Mr: Kelly ,, for the use of! there thkinorn- tate of things i« rities. Why will,f the new City tot have the Post- p**r!«rce keep thefor the benefit of >rdo the adthori-re compelled to e<-oimnodation of fer the Mayor**> ASSOCIATION.— <$&. o>eotii)g of the Yixlivu wan held at Tiioroa* C. Gould, «eo 20and 30 newjtiJ number of 650.fee purpose of pay- f iv-rr night in tbeto kill off the admission, and a motion to postpone the Army bill and take up the Houmas bill.Mr. WIGFALL desired to call attention to the fact this bill to take up anj appropriation, which was that the Home bad once defeated the Army bill, be- cause it did not want the army used against the BlackThe June Term of the Supreme Court of the State of corps marched down Broadway to the Metropolitan scratch wben time was culled. New-Jersey convened this morning at half-past, ten•regarded as a test vote,!prevailed by six majority. Every one of the 25 Eepublicans was present and voted in the negative, jsecouded. by Messrs. Pugh and Latham.Thirty-three Democrats recorded themselves for the postmonement, Mr. Bigler among/the number, who excused bimself on the pretext of a thin Senate, when 60 votes were cast, being probably the largest aggregate yote of tbe session. -Thushave the Administration and the Democracy pur- suedKansaswithunrelentinghostilitytothebitterend.THE MAIL SERVICE.The conferees \>n the question of restoring the mail service, which the Postmaster-General cu" off, will meet to-morrow at noon. It is doubtful whether they e%n agree, as Messrs. Pearce and Yulee on the Senate side, are nncempromising in theiroppositiontotherestoration proposedbythe House.The House Conferees are willing to yield the two Overland*route6 from Kansas City and Stock- ton, but will insist on the general restoration of the routes in the States. The last vote was 57 in the Hoiue for restoring, and four majority in the Senate against it.Republican thieves and murderers in Kansas.Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) said the defeat of the Post-Office bill last session was becanse the Senate had wasted time upon, the bill for the acquisition ofCuba.Mr. PUGH could not see why the appropriation billswere pushed in when the Senate was discussing an im- portant subject and approximating a vote.Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) called the Senator to order. ' • • ' • 'Mr. WADE gave notice that he should move to takeR. Harden, now under sentence Ofdeath for the mur- had been suddenly summoned from tho city der of his wife last year. His counsel, Mr. J. G. Ship-man, will make application to the Court to-morrow afternoon by a telegraphic dispatch.morning foi a writ of error. At the present time a The regiment, was, however, reviewed" by great deal ox sympathy is manifested in "Warren Gen. Sandfurd, after which the troops marchec County, ST. J.,.in behalf Of the condemned, more par-ticularly by the Methodists. Harden appears cheerful and eohverEes freely with all who visit him.;GaEe at Wilmington, IV. C. WII-MIN<.;TON, N. C, Tuesday, June 5,1860.*Im the Blue-Room, in company with Gen. Cuss and The bill was then reported to the Senate.several other gentlemen. The intercourse was cordial, The amendment making an appropriation for s regi- 7H2S ,M£LWi'M% OF .-VjaBB S»22AB. .'/ Although I have at a)l times objected tojM rjse, ofj nent parties, and affording amusement to the specta-From 'Washington. Special Dbpetch to Tb* N. Y. Tribune.W A S H I N G T O N , Tuesday^ June 5, 1880.THECAPTUREDAFRICANS.. .T h e bill for conveying the captured Africans to i fense. He trusted, however, that thev would never . Wiihout"finishing the bill, the Senate at 7 p^ m. ad- and this mornir.g, we learn the following further par the .rumor's that I was willing to take a pbi'.*.unoh thejkind;but.inwarwedependuponthemforonrde- RejoctedbyYe'f-s,19;Navs,21.year,withmvapproval,contradictedinyour/jojirnalertFnrman, employed as a conductor on the Court- streetRailroadroute,'.wasbroughtbeforeJustices Blatcbley and Voorhies on the charge of bastardy, pre- ferred by a yonng lady named Henrietta Clary, a resi-xvoll informed now name the 25th host, with con-fidence. An impression obtains that it may be soarranged as to interfere with the report of theCovod'e Committee in the House, which is destinedtomakeconsiderable impres*iou on the country,notwithstanding the false representations which of Jjewi8 Tappan and others ot New-York, against Mr. REYNOLDS (A. L. Dem., N. Y.) showed that Some reports state even a larger number; but thedesires-to suppress.MR. F O W L E R ' S D E F A L C A T I O N .rial of the citizens of Mass tehusettfr of African of President Monroe of the act of 1819, which had bodies cannot ho found: There-are-also 125 wounded, descent, to the same effect." Referred tx> the Harper's been followed from that time to this, and the crentle- some fataby, and 10 missing.Ferry Inve»tigating Committee. • , man from Georgia would find that Congress, in March, A large lumber raft from the Chippewa River,in adjusticg Mr. Fowler's accounts, during thelast three years, when a balance was found againsthim at the end of a quarter, instead of requiringit to be paid, or reporting it to the Postmaster-General, as the law contemplates, to credit him Societies to colonize and Abolitionize Kansas. In theD. Waggoner.D. Saltonhury.Philip Pey per.Margaiet Foss.There many other not identified.Six perpoiis in the family of H. Sessions, proprietor Havana and N w-York with $100,000 in specie•iII I; > [JI•: jjfrom the eurient returns of the ensuing quarter made to the Finance Olfice—thus' enabling him to use the. receipts of one to meet the deficiency of. the other, and concealing a defalcation throughout. population, which was less than when the Lecompton' CRICKET.PHILADELPHIA vs. ST. GEORGE OF N1&W-" YORK. . • iThe first contest between the first elevens of jlbe.seHe might have gone on indefinitely under this system until requirtjl to close any one quarter and deliver over the receipts of the oext, which would have exposed the fraud. Thie very action on the part of Mr. Holt, a$er returning here from the(Oh'c). McJ^enr., M.cKnight, Mcl'herson, Millwon, Montgomery^, Constitution was presented. The Pike's Peak emigra- Morche»(3. Morrill. Morris (PH.). Morris (fill). Nelson Nib-? tion has carried off'a great many of her people, and the lack, Noell, Perry. Pettis Porter, Pottle, Po.Uer, llengan Rey".lifi^ cannot Le less than 150/ During the entire day''-•South, and investigating the accounts as soon as bis suspicion was excited, led to the recent dis- closure. ,'A vi dent but brief wind storm, accompanied w,ithsome rain, this afternoon did some damage here and on ! Qrawh last evening, their score heiug 120, [ The YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN UEION.—A spirited and.It is alleged in the Auditor's office, in their ownand one marked by as fine a display of baitbg on -FD2ST SESSION.that, there was not a word in the act of 1819 which requires,justifies,orpermitstheUnitedStatesto sup- port one year those returned to Africa. These wild Africansshouldnotbesupported fromtheTreasury—It then struck the town of Camancbe, on tho Missis-sippi River, at. which' point tt>e loss of life is muchgreaterthanwasatfirststated. From all accounts,T»hc7e cannot be less than fifty-five killed at this place. has arrived. „ . •':•', 'ijlfSENATEJ...WASHINGTON-,June5,I860.Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) presented the petition a boon not. granted to any white man.]|| NKW-ORI.KANS, Tuesday, June 5, ll^jjW.Jiave been made, and which the Administration the imprisonment of Thaddeus Hyatt; also, a memo- the provision in'the bill carried out the: interpretationMr. PUGH (Dem., O.) presented abetter and docu- 1859, appropriated §73.000 for the Africans of theThe Postmaster-General has answered tho call ments from Controller Medill, rehitiye j to charges Echo, in accordance. with the request of President manned by a crew of 24 men, with two wonien. on<5onoerning Mr. Fowler's defalcation, and make* made against him, which were referred to the Select Buchanan. ' ' . hoard, which was tied up opposite Camanche at the some extraordinary revelations. It appears that Committee. . Mr. CRAWFORD" said the House, in 1859, actually time of she tornado, was completely scattered, and 21l i s accounts were never legally settled during the whole term of the present Administration, but were adjusted by a fictitious sy-tem, iu flagrant violation of the letter and spirit of the la v. The accounts are settled quarterly, but three months elapse usually before any quarter is closed up.' Weeklv returns are made to the Finance Bureau•tThe bill fixing the time for holding the United States denied that any such use was. to be made of the Courts in Florida, was taken up and passed. $75,000.of the men and both women were lost.The nam< 8- of the dt;ad at Camanche, as far as wehave been able"to obtain them, are as follows:.The Post-Office Deficiency bill was received from Mr. REYNOLDS replied that one thing was cer- tbe House, with non-concurrence in the Senate amend- tain—the President advised Congress that he had madement striking out the proviso for the restoration of dit- contmued mail routes.Mr. HUNTER (Dem., Va.) asked for a Committee of Conference. Agreed to.The Houmas Land Grant was taken up.Mr. BA Y ARD (Dem., Del.) addressed the Senate in opiosiiion.a contract for the maintenance and clothing'of the Echo Africans for one year. He asked for the appro- priation, and Congress granted it.Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.) asked Mr. Reynolds to ac- cept the amendment providing1 that no African or negro found on any vessel engaged in the slave-trade which may be captured by an American vessel shall be re-Mrs. Amtlia Davis and- son.G. C Wcstpball.Elizabeth Wcstpball and child.Hannan Cuniah. Mary Gre*nleaf.. , Elizabeth Bath bone.Mary Foes. Eh MiLon.Mrs. George Barnball. Mrs. James Stalenburg.George Arp.or purer statesman has rarely passed-from among us. His funeral will take place on Friday at 9 a. m.of the Department, showing the actual deposits 'Without action the bill was laid aside, and the Kaa- turned to Africa against his consent.,.H. McKenrick.:Jacob M-yle.Augusta Meyle andchild. A child of G. W. Chase.The Pony Exprens left hereon Saturday night for San EranCisco at the usual'hour, taking outa|j fair number of dispatches, and a full mail. , Among the;dis- patches was one of instructions from jhe War- Xpapart- ment.ordering a sufficient force to be sent immeifniitely from Camp Eloyd to protect and- keep open the]route.the bill without any reference to the question of Slavery. He would vote for the admission of Kansas, Jm not with a Constitution as it now stood. He ob-' .The bill was passed, 121 against 56, as follows: YEAS—lyiesttrs. Adams (JViasB.), Adarus (Ky.), Admin,' Al- d n i h Allen. Binpbarn Blbko Boteler, Brancb, Brayton, 8rigg*, Bristow. Buftimoii, Burch. Burliugame, Bumham Curoy, Car- ter, C'hose, C. B. Cochrane, Jotiu Cochrane, Colfax Corwiu, Covod«,-Curtis. Davie (Md.), Davis (Tnd.), Dawes, Dnoll, Dunn, badthe scum of earth been raked up to go into a Torri-. Edgerton Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridge, Kenton. Ferry, Foster, Frank. Gilmer, Gooch, GTtthnm, Halo. TlaU; Haskin, Hotton,' Heln.ick, Hickman, Hoard. Holman, .Howard (Ohio), Howbrd (Mich). Humphrey', Irvine, Jiuikin. Krllogg (Mich ), Kellogg (IU.). Kil gore, Killhuzer. Leach (Mich.). Lea,A child of W.. White. Heman Whitman.The Rffoses Taylor for Wew-Yor NEW.OKT.KANS, Tuesday. June 5, *"course of his remarks, Mr. Green said never beforeof the Millard House, were badly injured.i The tornado is known to have traveled a distance of ninety, miles in Iowa, and. seventy miles in Illinois,, doing incalculable damage to property. The loss oft'.-ry to vote, and it was a fit subject of inquiry whether tbe character of the people of Kansas was law-abiding. He argued to show that she had not now the requisite'.representation that the population of Kansas is one lo'ds, Biro Robinson (R I.). RobioRon (111.), Royce, Rust, 1yesterday two trains were run every hour from Clin-ton to the scene of destruction, and through the aid of Clubs was commenced on the grounds of the!letter two hotels in Newtown, L. I., w erc broken into and"hundred thousand is entirely fallacious. Kansas has Pchwcrfsc Su ith (I* . C.) Spaiilding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Steva-t '(Va.) Stok"» SrrHit«--n, Tappan, 'iThttyer, Theaker, no right to have different lx>und:irie« from those pro- T'ompkii'i*. Train, Trimble Vnllaodiizl'Rro OanJever. Van :Wyck, posed by Congress. He cited numerous instances Vance. Wade, waldron Walton. W«Hhl«irn« (HL), WoahSurnefiicient committees much relief has been rendered.Violent Storm at Louisville. LOUISVILLK, Monday, June 4,.1860.wh< re applications for admission had been rejected by (Me V *Ve)l„, Window., Wood. Woodruff—121.Congress because of boundaries. life charged that NAYS—Messrs. Ashmoie, Av-jry, Barkpdalo, Barr, Bocock, Kansas and the Republican party had predetermined the Bonharc Bouligi.v. Boyce, Burnet, Clurk (Md ). Clopton, Cobb,Craige (N. C ) , Crawford, Curry, Davidson. Edmuhdsou, Gar- nullity of the English bill, which was the will of Con- trell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Harris (Va.V Hill, Hiudman, Hous- gress and the Federal Government. Kansas had made ton, Hughes, Jackson. Jones, Lamar, Leach (N. C ) , Leake, herself into ' a State in .defiance of the action of Con- Love, Mnynard McQueen, Moore (Ky.), Moore (Ala.), Peyton, gress, and had not so demeaned herself as;to justify Phelps. Pryor. '1'ngh, Qtmrles. Riiffin. Scott, Sickles, Simm», Singleton. Smith ("Va.), Stallworlh. Stephenson. Stewart (Md.), defense, that Postmaster-General Brown directed them in winking at her course. He also wished the Thonias, Tjndorvvood, Vance, Whitley, Winslow, Woodson,Wyandot Constitution referred to a vote of the Wright- £6.this nefarious system to be practiced, but there is people.'. The objection to, the Lecompton Constitution Mr. CURRY (Dom., Ah».) moved to amend the title. no official evidence sustaining that serious charge. was that it had not been submitted to a vote of the by,making it read, " An actio protect and support the people. He proposed to change the boundaries, and il American Colonisation Society in Liberia, and to- An attempt is also made to "throw responsibility submit the question to a vote of the people.- " attach that Society permanently to this Govenr--on th<J Finance Bureau, which is onl9 accountable "ment."Mr. COLLAMER (Rep., Vt.) replied that he thought Mr. PRYOR (Dem., Va.) said he was not one of,misrepreeented his position, and .thai he did so know- for twelve -yesirs ? If we may support an* agent to ingly'. • reside in Africa,.why may we not appoint missionaries,Mr. COLLAMER said that was a parliamentary to look after their "religious and moral instruction?.of this city,*and there were many narrow escapes, but American player. Among the ether prominent plauded.way of charring falsehood. Such an accusation had Did not gentlemen know thnt the amount in the hillnever before been inad*> agunst him, and he was mor- was for AfricaiiH captured in a single month ? Hereand B. Robinson of the St. George club, all three sickness, and had only stepped around to tell his being Americans. Johnson played steadily and care- frier ds that he'couldn't come. While in his invalidtified that, having lived to this age, it should be'made. was opened a source of illimitable expense. He Mr.'GREEN was under the impression that the Sen- alluded to the degradation and pauperism'in Liberia,;oSKw-OitJ.iCANS, Tuesday, June 5, i860. The municipal elections yesterday passed off quietly. John F. Monroe, the American candidate, was electedMayor by 1,000 majority.Li:xiN«TON, Mo., Tuesday, Jiine 5, I860.The municipal election yesterday passed, off quietly. Major Dow A. Viet-h,"Independent/was reelected Mayor by 96 majority. Vietch 'was elected as the Democratic candidate last.year, over Sylvatur, Oppo- sition, by about 75 majority.W AS.IHK«'I'OK, Tuesday, Juno 5, 1860. twenty-six runs to the score. Of the fielding joiij the necessity of instant action. Reliance could not be The frknes. of Major Berryt claim his reelection to respective parlies, that of the Philadelphians jm fthe placed on good meetings. Outside work must be don«.the Mayoralty,by a small majority, but Mr. Wallach best; the bowling on either side, was nothing-very Here, a week bad passed sinee the ratification meetingator dtsigued intentionally to misrepresent him. In saying the residents there would relapse into barbar- regard to the charge of*falsehood, he endeavored to ism were it not for the accession of occasional civiliza-trt-atitwithjocubirity. tion from this country.Mr. COLLAMER said it was no laughing matter. Mr. RUST (Dem.," Ark.)—Yon say you are in favorof suppressing tbe African slave trade ? It was a serious matter to him to be charged with iu- Mr. PRYOR—\ am.teirionul misrepresentation. . •' Mr. RUST—What disposition would yon make of Mr. GREEN was understood to explain by saying these! recaptured Africans 1that perhaps the Senator might have misunderstood Mr. PRY OK thought he was ready to give a satis-him. factory response. He held up the illustrious exampleMr. WIGFALL (Dem., Texas) explained his views. of British philanthropy, and proposed to reduce theseHe decland he would hot vote,'for'the admission of Africans to ;i quasi 'or moderate condition of Slavery— this so-called State, under any circumstances. Ho ob- o'thc apprentice system. To the Republican side he• jected to thcirmoral character, and was not willing t will give you a bonus;Texas should associate with such a State. i said, take , ibem, and wereseuing"them'from a calam-fully for the good score of 21, and Howe added 12 to bed, he had beard of tbe nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin; had sprung up, and given three cheers for'Mr. Green's amendment, to change the boundary, Show your linmanity bywas. discussed by Mr. WADE_J(Rep., Ohio), who said theeffectofthe"amendmentwouldbetodefeatthe bill. This n-»tter about boundaries was no new thing.Mr. HUNTER-(Dem... Va.) moved to postpone the subject, *>nd take up the Army bill,Congressional Itfojiamalion. FLINT,Mich.,Tuesday,June5,I860.wickets boiled, and only a similar averageonthe overs on the part of the Philadelphians bowling^ inore wicketshf-jngbowledhowever. SadlerkeptwicketMr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 1*11.) opposed Vhe motion.He shoiild keep the Kansas bill before the Senate tillitwjisfinally«*.i*josedof. Itwasmoreimportantthan law. lie.maintainedthatwehaveasmuchpowerto tbe appropriation bil's. which appeared to be keptback in order to interrupt other important businews.leave Africa till they arrive off our coast as to punish Mr. SEWARD (Kep., N. Y.) hoped the friends of murder committed on shipboard. What, will becomePHILADKLPniA.lat Liming*.Vernonrnnout Johnson run out Stevens b.'Globes. Senior run. outW. Newhall c. and b. H. Wright8T. OEOKCiK1st Inr.iinjx. .aWullerh.Vernon....•if;.21 Gibben r-n outCal.) voted with the Republicans not to postpone. Mr. Keniedy (S. Am., Md.) voted with the Democrats. Mest-vs. Critrenden (S. Am., Ky.),- Douglas (A. L. Dem.,111.),Clay(Dem.,Ala.),andNicholson(Dem., Tenh.J were absent. Messrs. Douglas'and Clay werepaired.,'So the motion to postpone, and take up the Army bill prevailed,Mr. TRUMBULL called attention to the fact that the Senator from Pennsylvania (Bigler) desired to post- pone the Kansas bill b'ecau.-e the Senate was not full. The vote showed that sixty votes had been cast, with two paired off, showing the fullest vote this session.Mr. BIGLER (Dem., Pa.) was willing to take up the- KansJiB bill to-morrow, and keep it up till a dispo- sition was made of it.or excluded from the Territories, and those who sup- ported this doctrine seemed to be horrq'r stricken that anvpowerwasClaimedundertheConstitutiontomake aslaveout.ofafreeman,orafreemanoutofaslave. But his colleague seemed to. have discovered that it is now altogether within the policy of the Constitution to aifect tbe condition of free men and reduce them to quasi Slaverv.Mr. LEAKE (Dem., Ga.) wanted to know whether these Africans are not now confined within the walls of slave-dungeons in Florida.Mr.MII.LSON replied they, were subject to the restraints which humanity requires. No Southern State would allow them to remain within its limitB as tree negroes. He knew Virginia would not. If they could not remain here as free negroes, by. what au- thority could the Government enslave them ? They muet I>esent to Africa, because we can do nothing ehse with them. We cannot help ourselves.Mr. LEAKE said jhe would not throw them into the sea, and he thought tie Government had discharged all its obligations when it liberated the negroes from•Slavery on sbipboiird, and landed them on the shores of a free countrv.Mr. MILLSON concluded by speaking of tho hu- mane ann" judicious policv embodied in the oill.Mr. BINGHAM (Rep.", Ohio) moved the previous question, which was seconded, thus cutting off Mr. Curry, who was anxious to address the House.The House rejected Mr. Curry's motion to amend the title of the bill.Mr. DAWES (Rep., Mass.) called np the resolution reported by the.Committee on Elections, declaring that Mr. Barrett is not entitled to the seat from the First Congressional District of Missouri, and that Mr. Blair is. Mr. Da-wes stated that the printed evidence coversSadler run out i ,iji .50. clock yesterday morning, two boys, named Hans .30 Brett e. \V. Nowhull MlMr. TRUMBULL said the effect of the vote just taken was equivalent to the defeat of the Kansas bill, and the Senator from Pennsylvania must haveCase of tiae Kev. Mr. Harden. that prevailed at the time. Regimental line was formed hander, and knocked his antagonist down,, leaving hiav TKKNTON, !N. J., Tuesday, June 5, 1860. on Washington square at 8 o'clock, and thencj^ the in such a condition that be could not come to theup the Kansas bill at I p. m. to-morrow.Mr. TRUMBULL'S motion was lost by Yeas, 28; a thousand pages, and it was agreed that Messrs. Bar-ersandsailingcraft. !Nolivesweremat.— • ' :Knight Templars of New-Jersey./ TEKNTO.N, Tuesday, June 5, i860.Onthe11thinst.thisregimentmaketheirinjaiijgura- FloraTempleandGeorgeM.Patchcn,waa postponedNays,29.•The Army bill was then proceeded with.An amendment to pay $1,600,000 interest to States , other side. Adjourned. •on money advanced during the war of 1812 was de- « bated at "some length.until the first fair day. A large crowd; of people started for the course yesterday, aud those who were supplied with carriages probably reached the ground. Those who depended on tho Long Island Railroad for their paesage, however, saved both thexi* time and money. After thousands of people were congregated at the depot and bad bought their tickets, the Superin- tendent received private information that tbe trot would not come off. He immediately auttouueed that facttotbecrowd andreturnedtbemoney1osuchper- sons as had procured their tickets.The corner-stone of the Bethany Baptisti ifchurchedifice, now erecting on Fifty-fifth street, aew|»adng- Hat-Finishers' Convention met at B^uxbejidt Hall, ixtMr. SEWARD explained that in 1812 the credit of the States, cities, ana individuals, was better than that of the Federal Government, and that it WUMused to aid the hitter. The claim was, therefore, a just one. Tho Government bad never even paid the principal in full. To some States payment had been made in full; to othersnothinghadheenpaid. Justice demanded that this inequality should not be continued. The longer they delayed payment the greater the amount wouldMn POLK (Dem., Mo.) opposed theamendment, on the around that it should not be placed on this bill. He would not vote against it if it came up as a separate'air. BAYARD (Dem., Del.) said that Maryland had been settled with on the principle embraced in the amendment, and would therefore sustain it.At the annual conclave of the Grand Commander ofKnight Temi lars of the State of INew-Jersey, held atTrenton on .Tuesday-, the 0th day of Jnne, I860,.the New-York Central Railroad for the month pfj following oiftVrs we're elected and installed:• * • . . . • « . 'National ticket, I find that I am still spoken of | h | theThe first r.har, was heard of it was j between Marion press'and individuaJs for the oi31ce of Presidjeijit or dent of the Eighth Ward. Several young men wereHOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.brief discussion, in which Mr." Pryor contended address, and, as on a former occasion, alluded to the . Mr. REYNOLDS (A. -L. Dem., N. Y.), called up the and Cedar Rapid?, in Lynn County, Iowa, going north- Vice-President. Wihile' I am gratified with jthe ex- culled on this examination to testify asito tbe com-.tenance, woa carried through the House after a expressed their high appreciation of-the President'sthey ought to be indentured, and that the proposi- tion as contained in the bill was unconstitutional. His colleague, Mr. Milhon, answered all the ob-jections Very effectively. Mr, Curry, Ala., also thandsome reception which they have,met with, and of Senate bill making provision for the return and sup- the many kind attentions bestowed on them. Tho port for a limited period of the recaptured Africans..west and sonth-cast in three diU'erentcurrimts, crossing the. track of tl.c Chicago, Iowa, and Nebraska Rail- road several times.pressbns of confidence, and regard, which I kofc'}TMplaining witness's previons behavior in which they attacked her chastity. Tbe young lady feeing herself aggrieved, made a complaint before tbe Grand Jury, and a true bill for seduction, was- found against Far- man. .Tbe case was called on for trial in* jthe Court of Ses- sions laet week, but in consequence of the, -absence ofresisted its passage. . \ were received with evident delight. and also increasing the aggregate amount from §200,000 | . At parting, the hand-shaking was mutually cordial, to $250,000. •A train of tc-n freight cars^heavily loaded, was lifted from the track bodily and dasbed to pieces.Before the tornado reached Lishon itbad killed six-District to withdraw my name iu case it is pr<jjs to the Convention, which will. meet at Baltim the 18th inst. Lf, The only changes from the Senate bill consist in ' increasing the aggregate appropriation to cover the last seizure, and raising the sum per capita from $100 to.$150.T I l S D E A T H O P M R . B U R R O U G H S .The death of Mr. Burroughs of New-York willbe announced on Thursday.and the interview throughout of a gratifying and pleas- Mr. T A YLOR offered an amendment- that no con- ant character. tract entered mto' by the President shall be renewedTho Committee on Judiciary proposed to amend, by increasing the sum from §100 to $150 for their comfort- able clothing, shelter, and provision for a period notlitry, bliclyPresident prescnled to each of the princes a large goldmedal, benrjng his likeness and a suitable inscription,struck at the Philadelphia Mint, and also a number ofbeautifully bound illnstratcd American books. These execeeing a year from the date of landing in Africa, warehouses in the village were'eompletely demolished. ba\'e requested tie Delegates from this iCongreTherft seems to be but little if any doubt that the by him until a convention ahnil be entered into, be- teen persons. Front there one current of the atormHouse bill for. the admission of Kansas into the Unio'n tween the United States and Great Britain, making a pat-eed north through Mecbauiesville, demoHshing pa*s the Senate^—whether with or without amend- joint provision for the return of all. recaptured Africans.." In common with tbe mass of the Democratic plarty, an important witness on the part of the drfense, wasmaintenance of negroes one year, desiring to test the' destroying the house of David Millard, killing himXXXYIra CONGRESS. Sense of tbe House on that subject. He maintained and a ponion of his family. .' 'r+ : I/ater from Havana,Logon, Lortglicckcr Loomis Lovejoy, McClay, Mallory, ^fartinitv u'ndw which th<*v now labor. "Mr.i\llLL$ON„(Dcm.,Va.)remarkedbehadneveri..-heard before of any connection', between this Govern- .The IVth District Republican Convention was heldgested to Mr. Curry that there was not one clause or. for Reprefcevtative to Congress. sentence in this bill which relates to the .Colonizationning their opponents out. Barclay was also v|f|-ef- terms. IAnother ?ong was rendered by Mr. Cook—this tirpe ;fectiveonthepartofPhiladelphia. Butwemi'iiftre tothefavoriteairof1844—"Here'stoyou,Harry fer for particulars to the score, which was as fol- Clay!"Society at all. It is not mentioned .or referred to in the•New«IIanif>8«5r.e XiC^islation. CONCORD, N. IL, Tuesday, June 5,1860.punish the African slave-traders from the time they• Tho Legislative Republican caucus to-night nom-inated Chae. H. Bell for Speaker of the House; lows: • '•-.'••Mr. E. Delafield Smith, and other speakers, followed with short addresses, and much enthusiasm was^nani- fested by all present. • .'•.,'•PKIZE FIGHT AT FOHPHAM—THE MOTHER or ONE -Edward Sawyer. Clerk; for President of the Senate, K»ns»s would let a vote be taken, so that the responsi- of these recaptured Africans. Were they to be landed George Fowle; G. Cummings, Clerk. ..7 . 2biihymightliewhereitbelonged. onsomeinhospitable shore, or thrown intothesea.? The vote was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted, His colleague (Pryor). would reduce'them to quasi Yeax. o3: IS'ayH, 27. It was a strict party vote, except servitude, hut actual Slavery. The Kansas Nebraska that. Messn-. Pugh (Dem., Ohio) and Latham (Dem., bill provides that Slavery should not be legislated intoThe Democratic Caucus nominated Paul J. Wheeler for Speaker ofthe House, and T. J. Smith, for Clerk. At the latter caucus speeches favorable to- union 'and harmony at Baltimore were made.Gov. Goodwin delivers his message Thursday next. 'Tho Legislature assembles to-morrow. The Senato- rialelectiontakesplace"nextweek. TheHon.DanielClarkwillprobably,bereelected. Thesessionwill probably be short.. ] H. Wright c. Johnson!.10 Senior .'..;.] . 3 >F THE COMBATANTS ON THE A1L SCLE.—About 10rettandBlairshouldeachbeallowedtwohours tode- bate this queetion. Mr. Dawes argued in favor of the resolution, and M^ GILMER (S.. Am., N. C.) on theAlabama Politics. MONTC.OMF.KV, Ala., Tuesday, June 5, 1860.The following is a statement of the earning;i Theophilu'H Finke, R. E. Grand Conjuiaiuter; John Hilton, V. 1800, compared with its earnings for the corres|Theittendance was large, and the excitement great. During the first part bf the proceedings there was con- siderable yelling, whistling, JiieeeB, &c.Mr. Cooper of Cherokee made an angry speech, se- verely denouncing such scenes of disorder and annoy- ance, i—Robert M. Pattoii of Lauderdale^ Was the temporary Chairman.The Hon. J. E. Saunders, is the permanent President of the regular Democratic Convention.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Gunutt. E. G. Standard Bearer; 8. Port, E. G. Sword Bearer; Amoa Homell, E. G. Captiiin of Guards.Boston Weekly Bank Statement. BOSTON, Tuesday, Jnne 5,1860.1850.. »•«•••'............................ 40DriJtt, Increase.,. .$134,7pl;„j! •.'•:.•'tion street parade" on which occasion the Ilih ment,- Col./Bostwick, and the 55th Regiment Le Gal, will act as an escort. jUntitled Document_„The Regular Democratic Suite Convention -assem-bled here-to-day. The Committee 'on. Resolutions re-port*d a series that were soundly Southern, declaring" That we will take no steps backward.'TheDouglasConventionalsoassembledhereto-day. (jirlmon, E.G.Trcanr.rer; C. G Milior, E. C. IWordor; S.At Lisbon Station, tbe depot buildings andVall theI deem it due to myself and others to state pu that I do not wish a nomination for either office;postponed until yesterday, wben the,'District-Attorney ments, is uncertain. Senator Bigler to-day declared Mr. TAYLOR advocated his amendment, saying everything in its course, and killing sixteen peraons that Convention. I feel assured if any fit and patri- again, called it on. It then appeared' that the-youngbe would vote for the measure without qualification-. that while we return such negroes', Great Britain doesnot. He wanted to leave the whole matter open for The two Houses disagreeing on the question of re- the consideration of Congress. •.'.'•storing the mail service, a Committee of Conferencebos been appointed, consisting of Senators Pearce, Mr. REYNOLDS replied that this bill proposed only Ynlfe, and Cameron, and Representatives Colfax, to carry out, the existing law for the prohibiting of themore. men who bad sworn on tbe examination before theTHE A D J O U R N M E N T .There is still much mystery about the time of "Washburn (Me.), and Crawford. flave-trade, and recommendation of the President in kilhng~~twent) -seven persons, sixteen of; whom'.be- against the spirit of meddling fanaticism which hasthe Lebanon branch of the Louisville aud Nashville Railroad, di stroying buildings, the crops of wheat and corn, uprooting forests, &c, in Bullitt and Marionmatch thus far has been a very interesting \ one, well-attended meeting of this organization was held'national contests; the batting of Sadler, on the f>art of The occasion was principally devoted to specchc* the St. George Club, and of Newhall on that ofi Phila- from prominent, earnest. Republicans present. Air. delphia, being especially worthy of notice. Sidler's John G. Sherwood made the first address. He re-Counties.'last evening at the headqnariers, in Scuyvcsant Insti- both sides as any that has been seen since, the inter- tute.Storm at Alton, -ill.ST. LOUIS, MO., Tuesday, June 5, 1860. The storm of Saturday evening wifs very severe at-The steamship Moses Taylor left here to-day forfrom the State and from other sections of our coaII look forward with confident hope to the. resn!!Is ofThesteamerDeSoto,from'Havana,onthe2d:!!a8t.,Alton, Illinois; The total loss will probably exceed splendid score of 50 runs consisted of 2 fours, 3 threes. ferred to the contrast presented between sectionsno lives-lost. • ' , . , ' • Northern Missouri also suffered extensively.—;—-»T?IunieipaI Elections.. |instances of • good batting, we may u(e|tion that of Johnson arid Howe of the Philadelphi^-ilub,Mr. Joseph Hoxie was introduced to the young men present as a very distinguished New-York young man. [Laughter.] He was just recovering from a fit ofcontests it, on the ground of illegal votes. There is much excitement on the subject.of this Club, and they had rested content with con- superior, there being only twenty maiden oversjoiit of gratulating each other. He had no idle regrets'aboutnearly seventy on the St. George side, and>onlyjtwo the failure of any man to be.nominated, but. liked thetieket just as it was. [Renewed applause.]The yice-Pre?id«nt read a lelter from the Club to Mrs.CassiasM.Clay,whichaccompaniedaphoto- graphic likeness of her distinguished husband, presented ment and the American Colonization Society. He sug- lieve to-day, and Roland £.*Tro\ybridge.was nominated for the St. George eleven'in fine style, and Jhyj his to her by the writers: also,..a letter from the lady, rapid movements materially aided the fielders mjiran- acknowledging the receipt ofthe portrait inappropriate- ^Xouisiana .Democratic State Con-vention.BATON ROUGE, La., Tuesday, June 5.1860.The regular Democratic State Convention adjourned to-diiy. It was resolved that in case of a withdrawal iiom the Baltimore Convention,'the Louisiana dele- gates, are authorized to unite with the Richmond Con-t? ..22 •f'» .126By the time that the ring was formed and all the appointments made, about one hundred persons! com- PAIUDK OF THE HIGHLAND REGIMENT.—The!new posed principally of laborers, had assembled on the volunteer military orgauiza ion known as the Seventy- ground. The youthful aspirants for pugilistic honors 2sTinth Regiment, composed entirely of our Sfcotch got through three or four rounds with commendable adopted citizens, made a parade last evening:t «jpugh activity, and without punitbing each other to any ex- Broadway, notwithstanding the heavy shower of rain tent, when,. On the sixth round, Odell gol: in a left-— .ing to the prescribed rnlee cf the P . R. The ktakes we* e $20 a side.?• H^V- p.-Coiamandor; W . W . Goodwin. B. G. Oenoralhwinioj month of the previous year: . 0. B. Edwards E. G. Captain General j E. S. R. Applegate, K.G. Senior VVaideu; S. J. Corson, E. G. Junior Warden,; A. G.past week; . "Capital Stook $86,581,700 Due to other baukH.Loanuuiid Dlncountu 61,5115.700 D«po«.lt<i.morrow, at 3 o'clock, p. m. The Rev, Drs. JLaithrop,20,IS'u'KJO Wet ton, and Hague, will dejiyor addreeaoaibu the tend to the regulation of wages my where,but is ratherTotic man shall be presented with unanimity, a'certain •Justice as to the doubtful character of theilady, wereAnother current toolc in its course Onion Grove, triumph awaits us. The coming contest involves thekilling'in that vicinity seventeen persons.. missinjof, and could nowhere he fonndl JThe defend-highest interests of our people, and the stability; o:[ pur ant's counsel applied for another pOftpoQement, butIt" then passed' south of the railrorfd'near De Witt, institutions'; and I wish to be left free to do llattle the Dhitrict-Attomey urged that justice required thatjudgment ordered for the defendant. The plea in bar, being sworn to, was ordered on file by tho Court, and' the parties intereeted took their departure—the wife with her parents, and the husband with his friends.THE CITY TAXES,—The joint Board of Aldermen and Supervisors organized on Monday afternoon, when the Mayor submitted the estimates of amounts to be nmed by tax for various city purposes in 18G1. The total amount to be raised is $1,099,104 88 in addition to money required to keep the streets in order, and to repair wells and pumps, <fcc. The estimated city rev- enue is $117/100. The Mayor's statement was referred to a Joint CommittVe of five from each Board, consist- ing of Aldermen Kalbflejscb, Dayton, Furey, Seholes, and Tan Brunt; Supervisors Smith, Bergen, Carberry, Sparkman, and Garrison. ,rClub at Hoboken yesterday at noon,, and will be robbed of wines, cigars, and the contents of the money brought to a conclusion to-day. The first innings of drawers. On Friday evening a similar robbery oc-the Philadelphians was played, in-which th'ey scored curred at another hotel near Newtown, some $75-in 111 runs, and peven -wickets of the first ipnings property and money being carried off. •of the St. George had fallen when stumpsI were.The Pony Express.ST. JOSEPH, MO., Tuesdav, June 5, I860where Free and Slave Labor respectively obtained; 8 twos! and 17 singles, many of which were.madje off to i his great <ity, where the glory of the former indus- Senior's fast bowling; ai d Newhall's fine score of 30- try wan heard in the very roar and,hum'that then ech-the score by several very fine bits to leg. The score the ticket, and had told his blessed good wife that theof the Philadelphians was marked by an unusual i ium-btr of " runouts," but none were put out. withoutscoring. Of'the score of 126, made by the St. Gcp.rgeeleven, Sadler and Robinson contributed 78, arid 22 paign as he had never done before; it might be tbe lasthe should ever engage in. [Cries' of " No, no; we were byes and wides, the other five' players a<]'dHig hope not.''] He would urge upon the young men theKiilm not nut .. a Bye's 3, wides 19 Bye* jJ, legbj'ea 4, widesS.. ..15Total .Tiiio'clock in Trenton, with associate Judges Haines, Hotel, from the balcony, of which it was'expected that At this, Pardee's mother, who was oti the ground, Van Dyke and Whelpley, in the case of the Rev. J. Gov. Morgan would review them, but his Excellency became so exasperated that she sprang iivtio the ring,countermarched up and down Broadway, :bbj|Spring and Hou«ton streets, but the heavy shower! pre-cluded any farther maneuvering. The men worjsi the but it was got up so quietly that no person knew any- full-drc8s[Highland uniform, with hilts,jackctisi caps, thing about it,until the row was over.and sOforth, similar to the uniform of tho 79th.• i • ' • < • ; •A SCENE iir THE COL'UT or SEssrojrs.—An interest-ROBBERIES AT NEWTOWN.1—On Tuesday eveningnews bad done him more good than b\\ the blue pills he had taken for a week/ [Applause.] Ho would husband his strength, as he wished to do such work this cam-THE HAT-FINISHERS' CONVENTION.—-Yesterday the••\i• www.fultonhistory.com;....:,.•. 