 .Agency,'Deo. 1850 12,:ariblliii i bfo« b«»ta.T>» ui<iect of ttie wMltng IiiUat tte OmeumtuSl»on thattlpay and bad tit hands hnrt, be behaved straagely;t TMirn. waa only furtfee uwl uaw of diaeonrlaf tbe tMtBMasotwoi^caaTtfBdattf ,U cam that the UMiwtmi ml Imntll iirihi la the Unilad Stata*Aid Meetiag at the"»! aUudt Ave yeara ago. after having kiAnxsitt.byW,C.Brjant,B«t,Ur.Butohinion,•r KaoHw, Daniel Lord, and-Otbers— $1,800 Collected.rtml-fTT-r'trr<t*—nr--r r>tm»aD)Mri»i*UMmrma,Dtc.i.bad a aeriea of severe attacks, he attempted to suffe- cate blaualf into the he bad nearlyTHEPBUfTIBlOT;TwteiJar aontat (Hondar, Sd tait.,) a aeoomi mcMlBt waa kaid^ tto peraona appolaled bjr Uliby getting privyHOWABEN FBANK^ MADE EH By the AntherCaptala-Genetal, f)irjha niiMiia of taUns Inio cooalderaUon toe pfe- all£&£^ BMaaura* tliat tbe mflaeoee of commer-my daughter and myself; after that we again sentto RandaU's Island and him under the care ofliglMMIIIIllllllllllOBM way or other, the dreoiatloa authorized by Her to himTerritoryterly lost, in consequence of the long-continuedCHRISTMAS TREES,•scertain the truth of what the prisoner had said In regard to the manner In which he had been hurt, and testimony on that point being considered important, the case was adjourned until to-day. In order that it ndgfat be procured.he knew at that time he said he could not help'--oofnai itdB*om;A POEM BTJOHN G. WMITTUB,KntltladHAPLES-MM.ttKcritcd to Robert C. Watesston of BeMa.mittea aoDOlnted at the previous meeting, submitted a ratber foolishprfi-ae-ntetoU.arbofy.e,q"uail^t"o, it'SSSm who Vigoed it. and lAar tartag folW dto- cuaaedthedllTeientcnbjecu it eatbraead. His Kzoel- leBerttaeCaptak-GeDeral harlng reiterated that hehimPrice, »mBOwer, to the adoption of such measures as would beMaw Within RMutk mt AU.6R0TEBkBAKER'SCELEBRATEDNOISBliEaS FAMILT BEWINO MAOHIKES, MO and upwards.AT TAYLOR'S SALOON, Broadway, comer of Jrankiin-st.,May be found a well-selected, varied and eztenilveFAMILTour BIBI.BS.waareadytocontrlbnte,withall thelitince to hto:I resideatNo.IJTwas formally Oruim. TheLeodon He«se.aa Ibv>i«.>«'to avoid any dlfflcultlea, the BCetbig agreed to submit the foUowlnc requests toChairman briefiy stated thelobjects ofNo. «»6rwiiirttirr* iadbpeasableBroadway. Nefe-York. Baliday Notice.Bis KxoelleBCTto n^e every exertion in order to realize, aa soon as that mother had been crying:1, To recoesaaeBd to the SpanlA bank of this city,be was thereand I observed that his hands were bandaged up, and aid extended a few years ago to famishing Ireland,; after tea 1 wentstairs, asd f asked mother what had occurredpoeaiUe, the dreolaUoa of foar mllHnna of dollars in baak aotaa, to do which it baa been aothoilzed by SoY-;Alfred had been in a over in the Bow- cry of want arises from our own countrymen andna ^^'f>S(--^-S5^- -j^---Hl'V-SSpy':he was thenMaiaifaN the Qoaan, in a Royal Decree, dated 2Sth ing-chair in the parlor singing; I told himnets, kc. filled with choiceHo has. also, a large stock of Contectionary of allaadiUamdvi^r.the aecnrlties that are required by law from such in-WHITE'S best Hats.WHITE, the HAttar, Broadway, Bamum'* Musoam.6Htedges,colored outs,•ad Solferlae eereei.D. aFflrom * a*.titBtiasia in Spain, on similar occasions.X Wmt His Excellency should be requested to re-several peUUons that have been addressed to her apv-;with you," and begot up to go; he said that he knewONAFFAIRSINWASHINGTON. A SERMON BT HENRY WARD BBECHER.SubjectPETER AND THE KEYS.„ aaya ceirtofprice,post-paid. Cloth,JLJAMES ORALLEM k PnbSsher. PblladelpMh.HOCSB-FITRIIISHIBia CMM>IW AT PANIC PRICES.Oar usual SorrrBBBa Salbs bavl^ In a gnat ^a^tm beea stopped by reasoa of tbe present poUHoal tnaM« ve are prepared to oflbr, FOB CASH,•iao,Mat woBTH orCHINA. 6LASSWABX. SIL'VBB-PIU.n* OOOMl CHANDEUBBS.wanted it to travel withTHE TWELFTH-STREET MURDER. know the place of residence of my brother whom hebytt^efields,Procefldlngs Before the Coronpr. Intercstiiig TestJmoDjr of the Mother and Brotherwhose it should l>e dutyI,adlea' Hair I>yed> GeatlenMa's Hair Dyed In aS W. A. BATCHELUB'SSTOP THAT RATTI,IHO. KEEP OUT THE COLD..db Bishop Il«in>Flfth-aTonneHotel.of the Prlscner-Tbe Police inObtainingEvidence-TheIn-qnest not yet Ended.The investigation relative to the circumstancesuntil his bands got wellmoney, but not so much as $10actamountatanyonetime heaskedmeforthemo- causedstatisticalblankstobesenttoallpartsofthegreat economyconnected with the murder of Mrs. Sxxah Shascxs, onI was surprised that hewith. Tbe Territory was, by this time, thor- advertisement ia another column. oughly aroused.obbad bitterlyfoom, many being unable to restrain their tears, knifeBalswih Arsbbsoh, youngest child of John J. aad I asked bim where this • and require us to afford instant succor to this Elliabetb S. Anderson, aged 2 years, 3 months and 10HEflEHAN k CO.. Chemists aad DraggM*. Nos. Ul, 3M, iU aad n« BrsadWM.AGNIFICENT CHAMCS.-FOB ALL S<«IB of cndna plated- ware, kc., ke_ go to DAILIT ft CO.'S, No. 631 Broadway. See their astortmeat la tk*dry-goods column of this paper.PROFITABI.E.-BEAD DAILET k 00.'S AB- -E reriisementin the dry gcods eolamn ef this papss;we published yesterday, with reference to the groundsYork will not witjihold the money needed to pay forNegligent;eraamaaM h •Tpeiraace,andsuitedtoaUelaasa*ofbuildi^SLE. P. TORRT, Wholesale IgaafcFiUay last, was resumed yesterday before Coroner did not seem frightened. [The prisoner at ttdsJacskas,attbeFifteenthWardStation-house. Two stageintheproceedingsshowedthewoundsuponhis bands to tbe Jiuy. Inere were four very bad cutsRev.JosephDxitmsonwasnextIntroducedbythe Chairman, and addressed the meeting. It was true, he said, that this movement was late. He knew thefromJudge AoavsTDS Wattlxs was the next speaker. He said that for a period of sixteen months previousMARRIED.o'clock in the aftenio<» waa the hour which had been txad apoa for the inquest to go on, and long beforethat time a great many persons had assembled to hear the testimony, or to obtain a sight of Airaxs Bcobix-AM, the young man who is in custody on suspicion of being the murderer. The prisoner was brought into tbarooia about SH o'clock, and bis appearance causedupon bis left hand, and two or three scratches on his right. His face was also scratched.]Witness rMvnud—No one of the family but myselfknew of his Intention to leave the Citythat he was going away, but were not confident on the; 1 profiered the money to Alfred, and advisedef thetion, the coiulition of tbe Territory. The people were not at first aware of the actual destitution, and it was not until the systematic inquiry bad been made and the result known, that the real danger was feltSuperiorlure, ef every style, bom the plala aad ntbAccompanying him were hisafather and l>rotber, both of whom remained at his sideuntil the close of the proceedings. As soon I think it was nearer nine than eight o'clock when Al-deepsensation.take to father's shop father's ;of business is atUpon—how he got hurtfiftydollars. [Aoplause.] BSSOLUTfOlrS.Rev. J. D.and 15of the Fire Marstial, for the year 1856, tends to sub- housestantiate what has been said about the prisoner's left the City to lock for a brother of his ;1. Because It ishistoric steelplates, unequaled by any other Magaxlaa.afflicted with an infirmity that tends to destroy his reason at times, he wa^ discharged from custody; I thenbeingof the6. Because the EaCsLECTIC, in a year, contains aa SBuekreading matter three entire Briti^ Quarterlies, b^ sides tbe beautiful print engravings.6. Because each new Bubscrit>er who sends the pay la advance, gets as a premium either of three beaatifai prints, a portrait of Edward Everett, the largest and best of him ever engraved, or either of tbe parlor prial^ eachv-orth$2.7. Because If he subscribes himself, and proei others,be gets as a premiua Irving's Life c sshlngtoa. worth $7.8. Because the ECLECTIC is a rich addition to anr library, private or public.9. Because no one can obtain elsewhere so much Lttec- ature. Art, and Useful Instruction, at so small a priee.10. Because now is a good time to snbecribe, and tka Januaiy nimiber is ready.TERMS :The ECLECTIC Is issued on the first of every month.Justice Flakdeiau, with the consent of the District- Attorney, an understaJidiDg having been had with the;byor place him In the Juvenile Asylum. His parents have taken care of him, and no more fires in stablesthe iinpresslon that his brother was soon coming towith greathaveoccvuredin that vicinity.;his brother had worked at that place, but found no-not only can grain, provisions, and other supplies l>ecarried In safety to the Territory of Kansas, but that, AttheNo. IM Duane-st.THE INQUEST. TESTIMONY 07 MB. SMEATOIT.bodyclerk in the employ of the railroad companyby extensive organizations of capable and trustworthy men In the various counties and towns, all such sup- plies can be equitably distributed in all parts of the Territory to those in need, without any risk that any portion will be misappropriated, or diverted to any other purpose.wanted to get rid of bim;around Mrs. Shanck's hanging house,was in cus-charge, and to the various railroad and steamt>oatEach number contains insay confidently that 1 haveThree Cents a Numl>er, -. at tbe oBce orprep.aid delivery.Mrs. Shancks left the impression on my mind thSt the prisoner was very ilisagreeable to her, but she did not explain to me whysity-place and Sixth-avenue.TXSTIMONT or BOBIBT BDCnASAN.Robert Buchanan deposed—1 am uncle to the prison-without delay to the Treasurer, Joint E. Williams, President Metropolitan Bank, New-York.Mr. Wabein announced that the Committee had.-luded In her previous testimony as having •brought a piece of silk for Mrs. Shanck to purchase, whicB the latter declined to buy, believing that it was stolen property. Miss Clark stood up, and scrutla-— territory that im-tliat she did not recognlxe bim as having been at the -•tore ataU.nsnxovT ov una Rs&vsoir.^Uiu Sutvn Fergiucn, who bad beenA collection was then taken up, during which HiBAM Kbtohum, Esq., was called upon, and made a few remarks In furtherance of the of theobjectsWOOD, EDDY k CO., Wthaiartfn, Del., or St. Lonls . Me.the new year. As it will be copyrighted. It will appearHOSTKTTRR dk PITTS-to «ew for the deceaaad, was recalled. Young BuchananT.MssBSkwiBlly at- tended with obsflnato attack* of dtarrbma. Bdac a medleal man myself, I seldoB take any aiSdlslB*, bat knowlag that the neenltor eoadltlOB et say syatom ro-both atonic and I determtoed to try etfaaalaat,waspointadouttobarbytlie Corooar. Shesaidpiece saidtothatusedintheshop,buthecouldnotidentifyFAU.ANB^riKTBX.Itime,""'Journed to this aftemoonat 8 coee portedA SupIpnorters, Suspensory Bandages. lady attendance.promptly Single copies $2 per year in advance.I reco^dze the prlsoaor aa the persoa who came to myhouse onshopgoing home,money,Among the Itirgest donors, besides those mentionedFall and ehUdrea'a clothing, itShancks;he is theyoungasan about whom I con-ingand at prices less than at aay ether 'Tbe largsct store la the Olty.TO DRCGOISTB." PATENTMEDICINESAT PANIChealthyaction of and bowels Ibr three sit atomaebWednesday last,he told witness that he wasand the largest assortment ofWlnt« aoiversed with to be on her her, and warned herclotbing, furnishing goodsmonths, and durlagtbat Ume I had lost flAaen poaadaotSesh. Ia I have five pounds la two weeks gainedguard against,asIdidnotUkehislooks: IhadneverseenHe was not acquainted with Mrs. Shancks. tbe morning of the murder, were shown to witness,were C. H. R. II.theprisonerbeforethatTXSTIMOBT or MB8. BVCRAXAS. Wbeve had a ravenous appetite, perreet oigestiea.day.name heOr, we will send, free of all expense, a beantifnl PHOTOGRAPHICOB STEBEOSCOFIO LIKENESS orREV. HENRT WARD BEECHESFor every new six month's subscriber sent us before first day of January, with One Dollar.vH^'-hH^u"^'^'"'"'^deposed—I reddeatNo.$2S;P. B. Amory, $2S.George S. Wright, $20At- $20aromatic to effects systema nottake that from aay man ;" he then commenced crying IstouUTMedicines and Drnggista' genuine Family "Ba^r^IviinNd, Dee. iToo-meelat atj s^ill;LOTTERIES,Tbe January number for 50 centsHits Clark, the young woman who had lived In thehouse with deceased until within a few weeks, wasrecalled. Tbe Coroner requested her to look at allthe persons la the room, and say whether among usual in his them was the young man to whom she al-Ized apparently with great deliberation all the per- the shop 1 Inwaa soatad ia a chair in front of her. directly;that knew no country—that relieved Maderia and Ireland, as it would now relieve Kansas.This new- whoeh» stated tliat one person in the room bad a generaltopathyJAMEM DUNCAN. Oircalais, containing schemes for the month, wiU bework,:TO GO A LITTLE OUT OF TH>:with a masuge from Mrs.about$200 and the remainder In checksWANTED.who wiU renew his subscription to THE INDEPENDENT between now and the 1st of Jan-quiredthe effect of a bottle of your eelebrated Bitters. Bekro eomaiaaelng to t»k« the Bitters I had not had a natoralman called me a s—n of a b—h and I could-told him that be was tipsy, for I saw that he had been coat, light pants, and,built;he had on a darkihco and handawe will present aPICTORIAL QUARTO DICTIONARY_ ^nts.Sold -atlight : ItoUhimtogoupstairsandliedown,and sureover- but I am not TbeUcve I should be able to Identlff tbe per-Late No.Broadway.cash. Prices will correspond with thejE^la.-dilnklBgJaooafollowadhimwlth water to wash his clothes;betlien went to bed; while his face .•adhandswerebleedinghaputtheminhispockets Sixth-avenue;there was nothing parUeular in theman's attention appearance to attract myOr,copy.•nd the blood ran through upon his personI believeSPfcd%,V*B.SS3jb^fc.'« *a^:Ko.tW Broadway, and at the door.DRI BUliiFHBBYS hasMEIHCINC BTOT-the next and t^^*""- of my sons asked him if he was; and;Boning wa s«w the accounts of the murder In thethe time o'clock.was between half-*p^ast sevenOils,napan. '.Iglttr (rftt ieight The Coroner staled that he had no further testi-T r a « • e .—MARSH k CO.'S RADICAL CURE liniments.to who any person-nflMOTAI..— with Six Dolless. lEflraOMaPATHIOIwill send us, names of three new subscribers,1be rebUad that"he waa antlrelT Innocent and nusing to na no said, Sont cry, mother, or feel worried, for I HBaa innocent boy ;" his brother saidTBUE8 OFFICE, No. a Tesey-st., (Astor House,) op-Confections, Bitten, Purifiers,were I would take ' tobimT"IfIthoughtyoa guilty,o'^f'k'HoMi CuAEiTT.—The HomeAc.,of the Ninth Ward Po- Uce " he said, "Well, I am ready to go," and put onyou round to CaatTSebrlag,AT »iO.S. ELLEN BLACKWELL.he had previously spokenHome children. wish to procure Rllts for the hnlldays »-iuJOSEPH H. RICHARDS,awayten o'clock I should judge, be left the house with twoThose wtio find at this Bazaar an abundant supply, at prices to sxH the times.Cata- stamp. PHOTOORaJHIO MA-;his brotheron Friday morning, between nine andBroadway,have tha saase attended to (hKgt, bjand a smderats i^:KemgUy,a]>AMS KXPRlOa 00.No. i Beekm»n-ft., It, T.SSimtktt^seeing his wiUlngness, weCharityBazaar-,which wiU be seatemployedcould have been carried off without his being aware meeting. At the close of Mr. Kiroinni's remarks thepliedthatstockofentirelyNewOoods,Bniut>lefordre sslery :A CHBI8THA8 DKBAH.dyI then Inquh-ed ofcontinued as follows Cacilltatebusiness,publicmeetingswerecalledf„^HjSjii^Jt9ii'Jn•¥*?">:'."'^"miathaviTbeeaTwenty-nlntb-streetIwas East. . .w£*'';SibI*between and10o'clock he :passing through Tweutn-streeton Friday moming last, between sevencame back hisclottiee were all bloody; there was also;; Isawa man,apparently youngJohn Dnneaa & Bane.mwn his wristshetoldmethatabout 11 and W^ he had been stabbedand eight o'clockofhouse where this murder took placeNew-York.Wine Merchants and Purveyors of Provisions embrac-PRICES."S^E-'^c^fe^T^rsft'Slyf^^-;standing on the stoop of theUnloQ-square,WESTBiOOK. No. It Wsst Uth-(t.seventeen yearsS*'*'"°y','"t'JKi?'"' '?"J'?' ""^dgot Into^a towards Fifth-avenue, fronting that directionpreparauon^ W. Nbw-Tobk. Aug. 21,In a porter-house In the Bowery I ;age,k CO.,No. 13 and 15 Park-row, New- York, from thie.sked wluSthe mnaa ;" I asked him who with, and what wm theD. S. BARNESfeet six or seven for th* table, initable for Family use. Clubs, Pleasure date will offer their Immenss and well-sssortod stock of»•reason; be replied, "It was all about you, ma;lookinghis coat for thatpurpoeebelieved blra to be Innocentbim about the murder, and he said that he knew noth-ingaboutit; IdidnotknowthatheIntendedtogo visitorswillbepleasanllventertainedwithvocalper-;No. 29 Eastsually attracUve. On this .md to-morrow evening thePleasegratuitously to any address.;my husband also askedorder a specimen copy, WBOLBSALE BRCHANTSHATINGDRAFTS.AO^ AUlettersshouldbeaddressedtoof West to see goingformancea a class of byTh« SteasidRsfH^-^logu.'S sent on receiptIrt:'p.IALS <t>r amateart and the trade.Ikf eaa .n'lOOTTNTB, MIto, acceptanees, he., to ooUeet,;sittingin the rook-Confectionary.D, APPLETON k CO.,Vm.m FiMiah ni* Day,about ten o'clock during my father'sa copy of the speech that he intended to have made and if the reporter thought the remarks were worth while, they could, no doubt, see them in the papers. [Laughter and applause.!draggisti. WholesalaAgMt,;-'rT:Mr.>.'"r^^*ir«.--t- '"'J'-. . .:. V 'WLM»«-!1W.--.'J '.' . ".f JWJliJH*W^f "''SPJBBpi?||P5P?|BpB^iloroelamas.to eury to Idsfkthei^ siMp, ai fo. M 9as* TwiWhi^uU to JaAkebavadaBsiialTHEFAMonsnrKiirsis.R*. • Uck.laa*.FOB THIBXT DATS OVUT.Whaleaala stack tt FANOT GOODS AtBetaU.TOMES, BON k MKLTAIir.Mo.«Maiden-laae,Nev-TaA.Ii*a Wark ibr Bnlldtags.—Iroa Store and Bank FroBts. Cfcoel;nmns, Girders. Beams, Door Shatters, Stairs, Taella, Bvery description of fine Iron Work (be balMIng purpasea, siaanfkctared at JAMES L. JAOK- BONI^W BO^»•*ar«B<Swr IiIFR «F BRKXAatnribat eo retomhig after be' had got be danced and aaagakeat me hoose; I quieted loirnBomlBf,and got him to Ue downRaadall's Island and placed under treatment for;;Charltt W. Coffriy, deposed lice of tlie Fifteenth Precinct:;The relatives and friends of the ttmllT are respeotfUUr invited to attend the funeral services, from her late resi--St.,New-Torfc.ithe Impress of truth upon it ;;;larented. of ex-goods and price*.Noa teg, 4N and lU Broadway, eemer T;ha waa at one time sent to;accomplished Us purpose when he was rescuedhlbayJ„\Tbs Bobbin Beyf." »*«««dldly DhulraUg. Price T5et».iMUMWTtkeCtirUOorenioraiKlcM-ftsoNealii the United Slates might produce la snOtred from these attacxs, an tnteryal ofbefore we Pursuant to a call, signed by many prominent »th-et., New-Tork.Dr. and aiuce he came back be some tlmeur steps In elapsed after his first return from tbe Iilahdk BROTHER'S Iron Works. »th-st., M-av.;andJ. E. w H. —fonraaiket. and uerhaM require•Mehthe Goverameat sbould Interjae. iThe 2?»- sent him back againa^______ Bnrdaall>e Amlea lilnlmentiTILTONkCO., ablishers,placedhas not Wblttleaey, a monthAlfred has acted very strangely for thewanted to seelastyearortwomy mother with regard to his having been on theisland and l>eing subject to fits; I cannot recollectwhen he n as last attacked with fits, but I do not thinkIt has been within a yearIVlrised him to leave the City, aod to remain away tributingprisoner previous to his arrestNe. 268 on 3d-av.,aftemoon, at 2Her remains will be taken toAS FIXTURR8> *«.. dfceG' STEPHEN PHILBIN,No. WT oaen (or sale, at REDUCED PRICES, a •ortmaat of SAS FIXTURES.Freoeh Breaiss, aiaaoi niMBiAnoa, Mantel Omaaent*, SHtaetta*, Group*, ]I can corroborate the testimony ofpeople coming;Mrs. Sabah BeU, aged 56 years.widow of the late Thaddeaswhat he was arrested forwhat I believed about it, that he was Innocent^CI.ECTIC IHAOAZINR FOR JANUARY, 1861, IS READY.It is a very rich and beautiful number. Every intel- ligent fsoijly, every yonnr Itdy and gentleman who oa^ should subscribe for it,lieginning with tbe Januarv number.;in talking the muraer over, I had previously loaned bimrattling windows eaa be gi^ fuel, by the use ef the Pataat Bs^^;;he told about the same ;he I have had one or two conversationstook it coollywith him sinceations not being of much momenthumane terms of his message to thesufferings;;story,;the vari-The following extract from the semi-annual report dov*n to the City, and took him to the Police Head- stitutional mcasu^s of relief.Resolved, That the wealthy and benevolent of thisquarters, and thence lie was taken to this Station-about a foot In breadth and 20 inches long, which liad been found inCoroner asked him If that bad been taken from theTpine lumber,thea drew her atteatlco to the prisoner, but sbe said stains upon the end of it, was shown to witness. The tribute liberally to aid their suffering brethren.WAYin these bard times fbr Sllver-Platod HoO- richly-Teaemblance to the man who tried to sell the silk, butKev. Dr. DowLisa foll&wed Mr. Lobd, and urgedTHE INDEPENDENT, beginning with the first week in day Presents. Where shaU we go t To the store of LUCIUS HART, No*. « an< • BarEw-slip.shop byprisonerandyou:it.on Friday room-of which was in and orders.Por tnsty,but before.]say;J. B. MlUer, »2S;C. H. EUlott,yourdelljbtfU pnunogoenntb,s aretahdoeBtghutSf^bl^wmadrUmwthtat^aInchesin romplexlonedbecould notwhether or not he had seen themtheshould to be sent to you for theFor someWhen the prisoner left the$1,200,the best best made, best dtUmc, fsshlonabla, out,Mt^tahment,_|o Nof.MaadnBowery.100,000 SUBSCRIBERSUSTIMONT or MB. DOTT.wi^ A?lS'wf S""*"TM'TM I'rlday morning last ' Horace Daly, Jr., deposed—I reside at No. 163 East J. Fpuntaln, $20, kc, &c.""^ *TM mother of the prisoner I ;M. E. torney-street Church, $20R. W.Howes, ^^should say he waa fivearticles for Umes." Great offeredto cashbuyers." TheirstockwiU always be found complete, which consisU 1& part of all;mony to offer at the present"'""^'^ ''•'the church. Silk Elastic Stockings for vsil- vslns, Shonldw Braces and and im-theThe Dictionary will be sent celpt of the money.te9ksaltatloas from No. 662 tA Mo. MS SMMemenand•attonte.height, ;tMPara, Farai Fare. Fare—At GENIN'S. No. 5133.'*^>-?W«»fa.on the of tbe murder. morningexclusively In THE INDEPENDENT, Immediately order the papernext year.MESSRS.PA. BURGH,SMITH, * years p«*t I hBTobosa af-Be replied that he did not see tbe young man take itaway, and he did not believe that so large a piece. eicted with indi_gestloB and dy.a,,p.epAof it. The of plank in quesdon was similar hemeeting adjoumed. Thecollectionamountedtoaboutbut the latter did not see which direction he took when heAny old subscriberleft."Twohatchets,foundattbehouseoftbedeceased on (60Marshall,$300I think, acap,"Trusses. Ointments, Sarsaparillas, Panaceas, Invlgorators, Alteratives, Hair Dyes, Cathollcons,kc,Tcrais—Net cash. Orders solicited and promptly filled.son, but I do not recognize the prisoner as the man; I BHruodasdownay.PlUs, Termitngee, Extracts,Cod Liver Carmlnativae, BalsAms,was on the same of tlie streat, going toward sideBayCapes,Muffsand Cuffs.Aperients, Magnesias. Plasters, Salves,;trWa-Ifigne aad Tonpeea> Newlimyitation of Natare, at w*rkmanship;perfeat^bfyt«>-lfem^u»efl> gtey»^g^M^$«^r*jjt4^6^.was held at thenBOrt.ti^ ererr respect worthT of the reroectabla and when he became angry the famHr were aftaid of of the starving people of Kansas. About SOO la- Stiff Joints. Ulcen, and all external pains or aches.July, 1899, whieh was considered as necessary to fa- that he ought to stop singing, as he had drought, and were In Imminent danger of suffering all kinds, of t>oth French and American manufacture, allTYirO.;be said that he did not ;1CAN THB UNION BE SAVED?TKS, BUT HOW tBy pvery true and patrtotio citisen wearing one ofHOUDAT iiranov. FAIRY NIOBT-OAF8.of his private means several hundred dollars, Mr. Htatt returned to the East, while Messrs. Poms- aoT and Asbt remained at Atchison. Mr. Hvatt;ney, and when he left tbe sum which I gave him was Territory, requestirg the Committees to fill them outi eaenlaa aad Beaa- the Hair, sold at W. A. BATCEBLOR'S Hair;I cannot state the ex-Dye and newly-invented Wig tutery. No. U Bond-st.then becoming more composed, he looked vaeanUy around him, until the examination waa commenced. Afterwards, for the most part, he eenied to take great Interest in what transpired, keeplDg hta eyes fixed upon the witnesses as they rendered their testimony. When his mother wascalled to the stand, he again burst into tears.altering the room, she went up to him, and throwingher arms about his neck, she kissed him severaltimes, then looking him earnestly in the face, shesaid, " Ob, my son, my son, God have mercy upDn pillars or banisters that he had ; on leaving the shop region of Kansas, has produced an entire failure of taken to Greenwood for interment.the crops supplying food to the population and their;;resolu-sumption,Bbll,I am Captain of Po- I did not know the1 found him In cus- tody at Susquehannah, Pennsylvania, and he was ta-GEOBGE H. BATES, No. 189 Pearl;Contains articles as followsSOUTH CAROLINA BONDShe stated that on the morning of the murder, on his way from his house to his fath- er's shop, he stopped at three difierent places and drank, after which he went to the shop and left theofHart, agedyearsdays.ries" but in relief from their more ttmnThisaoeneaifeetadaUwjMwereinthe manturnedtobimandsaid, Ioweyouagrudge," tion speedy;he said he went to the comer of the Bowery and —Baooxs.—In this City, on Wednesday, Dec. 12, Miss Abha p. Bboozs,at the same time making an attack on him with acountrvmen:Seat torMoeato. bTmail;hand;'-"affray" religion days.he said he could not tell me afflicted people in their overwhelming calamity, and The relatives and friends of tbe tsmily are respect-In warding off the blows the knife cutResolved, That theplainestdictates ofhumanity;then read theWaskin followingdence,Fridayo'clock,you. If you are guilty, I implore you to confess it."In reply, he called upon God to witness that he was ing customer—who asked him to go and take a drinkbmocant, repeating the expression two or three he consented, and after they bad taken the drink, the actual sinrvation, against which they have no protec- James A. Smith, No. 28 Irving-place, on Friday, at 12Twelfth-street,andmetastrangeman aroughlook- ;domestic animals, and has thus more than broughtAlso.and frequently during the time that the almost hisheart-broken woman was giylng her testimony, her occurrr d ;•motions were such that she would for a time be un- eiactly, but that it was in the Bowery some- wtille our brethren in the valley of the Mississippi are fully invited to attend her funeral, from the residence ofI readjr to supply from their aijundance of grain and his parents, De Kalb-av., between Marcy and Tompkins mble to proceed. Her evidence, and that of the other asked him who was present beside the man he was for the needs of the starving population of avs., Brooklyn, this day, (Thursday,) 13th Inst., at 2•• '•*where between Houston and Twelfth streetswitnesses, corroborates In the main the report which fighting with, be stat^tbat the barkeeper and another SrKoavntsassl,onstne people of the City and State of New- o'clock.man were presenter than the exhibition of his wounded hands, was further stated that his father had tried to find out who clothing, tiankets, shoes, and medicine for the sick-of suspicion against the prisoner, but no point strong-•Hotted. Ho efforts bad been made by the Police to that I did not believe his story—that it did not hive ished by famine.these parties were, but was unsuccessful;1 told him ness and destitution of the inhabitants thus impover-and then and gohalf price.buydinnersets, to* sets,kc ke., atI asked him if he could identify;those persons, and he answered that he could notthe transportation of these supplies, and to furnish;:wereto distribute relief to the needy. After spending sev- eral weeks in this manner, gathering facts, and dis-Conunitteesappointedall he had he told me himself that about a month or with the number of families, amount of crops raised be Issued Tia'RSDAY, Dec. 13, I860. OEMN'S Hat and ;No. (P. S.—Suitable persons triU be sent to applx it, IT de-sired, in this City or vlclaUy. B8TABI.IBH3B> 8IXTT TRAM.MEEKS* OABINET FUBNinJBB WABBBOOH% H(AMD335FOUBTH-ST..V.W.tXIB.BBOABVAKParlor, (ad I Library, Olnlagsix weeks ago be had had a fit at the foot of Canal- by each, old com and money on hand, jtc. It was Fur Store, No. 113 Broadway.PUtt-et, Vmr-Ts*.when 1 to htm of the wounds In his spokealso requested that Coimty Committees of Distribu-streethands,lUm If he were found with those cuts, he took ritory, both of which requests were complied mocas and Watches at the lowest possible pricoi. See;the matter coolly;time;and told him that It would hard with tion should be formed by citizens throughout the Ter- goDla-Covi£T—Yah Cott.—In L. I., at St. Saviour's Maspetb,Chnrch, on Tuesday .Dec. 11, by Rev. Beverly R. Belts, W. B. H. CovxxT to HABUim, second daughter of John Van CoU, Esq.Kimlntto leave townmore than ten or fifteen cents in his pocket at thathe had not to my knowledge1 saw him leave the house between eight and nine o'clock on Friday morning with the pillars to;placethe northeast comer of Twelfth-street and Broadwaythere had not been form a ruimlng stream in Kansas.;they thougntRockyHill, Conn., onSunday,Inteciw Deeoratiaos, (Hun*, Ik PisrJUatelSeeds packed and shipped to aUfartoef Ike vsril. ~~COWCRWTRATEP UtATRW.Inthepreoeasof maklag bread. It wBl be foaad asa tUI to use Messrs. B. ChamborEn k C».'s;Oaneentrated Leaven." This usefU csmpimd I* atMr. JosiPH GAasiixa, of Kansas, was then intro-Us t*c9 la his hands, and for some moments these pillars to my imcle at the shop somewhere duced, and stated that he bad sutmltted to a reporter BzLL.—In thisC!ity,on Wednesday, Dec. 12, of con-as the yoong oian took bis seat, he buried fred left the bouseI understand that he delivered' It U weU with the ehUd."KIDNAPPINGTORE.;my uncle has charge of the shop absence.For sale all the andhistorymovement, and,personal observa-and expensive, at raasoaaMs prleea.to October lastrain enough to"vast BtlOty in the making of bread, rells, ••ka* aaA pastry.Mr. C.J.without further notice.after I arrived there I had a tions, which he witb the statement that W. Darien, Conn., for interment. prefacedIken in charge by meconversation with the prisoner, and I asked him to tell me the circumstances connected with his inju-^M. EVAXTB, Esq., had prepared them and subscribedMaLXB.—In this City, on Tuesday, Dec. 11, Miitbbva S.. beloved wife of David J. Miller, and eldest daughterThe drouth ofwhich hasjprevalled for more than a year over a largeInvited to attend her funeral, on Friday, Uth Inst., at lOH o'clock A.M., from her late residence. No. 229 Hnd- son-Bt., without further invitation. Her remains wiU toeWhereat,tmprecedented severity,PInmMag and flas Fitting ittoad^d to a* Mo.an«tt-«t.. aadMo.lA*torHea«*,B>r«lsir«fcCHAFFED HAMim, FACE, I.IFS, *•> OEBTAI*OCXBAMDPBEVEMTIVE,HegemaakCo.'*CamphorloewithGlyeeda*. Daithirty thousand of the inhabitants within theperilofFuneral services will be held at the residence of:and necessities of the starving population of Kansas and I brought irim recommendlBg to Congress the adoption of all Con-City are earnestlyMaich IJ—No. 139 Christopher street, (rear,) stable, plied that he lived at a place called Ansonm/T I that to carry out this resolution an Executive Com- 28 y,4raandl month. Southembellished with two very beaatifallunacy: I asked him where his brother lived;PAYING PROMPTLY,A MORAL TO DEBTORS. NO SHAM EXCUSES WANTED.2. Because it has a rich Table of contents, of twtnty taartlincilnegs.from English periodicals, instructive and entsr-owibed by David Cauix. Alfred Buchanan, a boy Inquired•bout 12 years of sge, was arrested on the charge of setting fire to the stable. The evidence was con- clusive against bim, but owing to his youth, and hisSaturday,3. Because, and considering what and bow much of;ToMLlHBON.—In Kalamazoo, Mich., on Friday. Dec. 7,to look for him;in reply to a question of mine, he said that hebewasing a great variety of foreign and domssti'^ reqaiiltes he was Yachts, Traveling Pariiei, ko.M6».,„.,„„ AND ADDRESS—FOB THB BBNB. fit rfSrPivtpSnts Gospel Union MtodMLrtW*,*at the Cooper lastRato, ea W^nsOAF.and that the inve^positeCapsules, Cordials, ke.1by express on io- SSBIesoker-st., where be wfll be hap»y to ICooperZuatitnte.ciUzena,atUmeshistemperwasveryviolent stitute,lastevening,toadoptmeasuresfortherelief WtenaUelsehasfailed,curesSoreThroat,Bams.;EJmiaut A. Buchman deposeddles and gentlemen were in attendance. BaTAmwaa appobited Chairman, and theW. 0.meetingcent*.THE BEST HOUDAY PRESENTS.BCFERB BMOLISHJast reeelT»d«remwe always considered him to bepublicmeetingCooperIn-An article fromllAltnitT BEECHEBSrOWE.EntitledGETTING USED TO IT.An article fromHORACE GREELEY,EntlUedHAS AN AMERICAN CITIZEN A BIQHT TO LOTE LIBERTY 1An article trsmaXEPHEN H. EnUtledTHE RESULT ATTAINED. An article from THEODORE L. CVTLKB. WHERE ARE THE NINE t;IKSTIMOITT or BOMCHB A. BITOHANAX.i«^--;,Bj*J"^* "••*tbl?V««7he was called crazy by his associates, and that used to offend and irrluto him very much.on Friday morning Alfred left home between 8 and 9 o'clock ; when I returned home myself in the evening we were both sitting at fhe tea^able,openedwithprayer byRev. Dr.West Tenth sueet;1am brother of the prisonerabev* la the moM beaaUfalband, a most ^kant stack of DnttedStaS B^SUSfightI turned to Alfred and told him he was old;the PBAtEB-BOOEB.l>SdUu£ ?S!fVf ^OHUBCH 8EBVICK8, aSMSKtbemeeting,and alluded to thepromptand liberal«up and more recently to the Syrian Christians. Now the she re.ui styi- ..«ttu.t«uj^ ^ sPomswooT Wo. Ui HasuaiU Me#-7««.brethren. Tbepeopleofthenewly-settledS. Tiat aa it wonld be oeaTanlant to replaoe, in enough to keep out of fights; I NMke sharply of Kansas bad seen their labor^for a whole year ut- Also, Boxes for Presents, Bouleanz, Bags, Bac], Cor-1 men went out to the the horrors of famine. Much suffering had already of whioh will be offered at low prices.0HBI8TMAB DSEAK. ByJaioi T. Baaalr. _ niustaaeedbyEdward8.HaU.1 T»L square Umo, gilt It eeatfc edgsfccilitate the ciTcolatlon of money in this Island during cansed trouble enoughOw aomal elrcomatancea. His ExceUeacy should evening, and next morning, on reading the newspa- been experienced. Our relief would come late, but It gnuit the aathoiliatioB to issue from faur to six mll- per. 1 saw an account of the murder ; I went down was not too late to prevent mttch misery, and to re- Boaa of dtrilars In IxHid note* or coupons, haviag the town to business, and at one o'clock I came home to;spendThe public are invited to call and examlnsbtwanUUansofttemthatwerepreparedlastyew dinnerirtaa the ooMwaton waa gnnted, issued at once, and the parlor whenallowing, likewise the right to Uane bonds to all the tioned bim withoft«r Banks that may combine and present, coujointiy, I asked him if he knew Charles Har- ner In which the actual condition of Kansas was dis-! BLOODAlfred waaon the sofa lafBLOOD'lying I cameregardhome, and to theI ques- murder ;Mr. HncHiHsea, after describing the gradual man-;him If he knew anything at all abo\it Mrs. Shancks'covered, To:No.216„eosBBMnd onoe more to the Supreme GoTemment of remarked that If I thought he was guilty I would In advance at all the more Important places through.,.An W.BABTLBTT,murder, to which he also answered in the negative; Iarticlefrombesaid"Iam whichourpartypassed,andatthesemeetings,whichiaiaadSatadecisionshouldbegiveninregardtothe finlnaocceentofit,butifyouthinkIamguilty1willgo werewellattended,theaudiencecalledoutthebest proveth«mostacceptablepresentthatcaabeoSersdteHer Majesty, the Queen, the convenience for this tUm in custody of Capt. SebrlngWitb important Improvements, at reduced prloes. a the Oliristmaa HoUdays.wMthe estabUshment of a Mint•lB«s Wand for the coinage of such silver coin as 1 went to business and on my return to tea I saw him during this and former years. It was all one story.New-Tork.- anlgmwilLconcerningMrs. tihancks and Bad done aBioadway,joicemanybearta. Inconolusion,heIntroducedto tbe audience Rev.. C. C. HnoBiiraov, of Kansas.! ! SECESSIONfor her a farmers of the vicinity, who related their experiencelOfafdiyceduNroi7nmg6SON,year agoI had further conversation with him about the Good crops In all former years, but an almost entirejob;and alse in regard to allowing againthe Banking InstltulloBS and Rillroad Companies murder; 1 told him that he had better try to re- failure this year. Tbe unanimity of this testimony mar now be bad for Fifty Dollars.beat aulte ite interest ;;here, to Issue pvper In the same manner that is grant- ed to similar insntutions in S pain ."fnm tkt Matmgtr, 8tk iiut.According (o Intbrmatkm we have received, it ap- peara that tne managers of the Spanish Bank are fa-member where he got the wounds on his hands, surprised the people themselves, and set every farmer as If he could not give an account of the manner In to examining his fields. The result was absolutely which he had received them it would hard with appalling. Persons who lived on low, moist lands,anatural black or brown; no staining the sUnorinJaryALEONARD BACON,goI represented to him that the hadalthough they knew that their wheat crops and oft-Batohelar'a Bair-dye pi«daeesperfbeltrcommunication fromhJmToraUe to the immediate Issue of two millions of dol- feifutbltlhsebehdouse about seven o'clock on Saturday even- vegetables, failure, looked invigorated for life by using this dye. Factory, No. nalways distinguished tbe zeal and enlightened viewsand loaning him money none,thereforeIgaveIttohim1 asked him If when the husks were stripped off, showedbut arBtaicnlev'YbarTTl«aph»i«BaEAlUaTIFYING, oheapeetSLAVERY.An article fromEUROPE,EntitledVICTORIES OP FEAOI.A communloatlon from the SECRETARIES OF TBE AMERICAN BOARD, EnUUed AFFROPBL&TION FOB 18«1. AnarticleentitledJOEL BARLOW ON AMERICAN SLAVERT. A Boat Song byANNIE STARBOARD.Also,EDITORIAL AB'nCLES, EnUbled,TBE NAIL ON THE HEAD. GAVE MORE THAN THET (H)T. BEAD THE CONSTITUTION. MINISTRATIONtTO THE POOB.LET THE COUNTRY SPEAK. THE PERIL OF INSURREOTIOV. IT CAN BE DONE.WESTERN AFRICA.IN NEW THE BOSTON RIOTERS.COMMERCIAL DEFARTMEFT,To whlsh the attention of all bnslaess bmb la specially Invited.:;Their Value, Now and Hertatter. WHO BIDS FOR THEM. And who pays tbe National Debt.KING COTTON THEMIGHTYMONARCHDEAD. WHAT SHALL WE DO tTHE NORTH 'PERISHES. THE WEST ON A LOW DIET. UVERFOOL AND MANCHEBTU A WILDERNESS.ENGLAND IN DESPAIR. FRANCE DITTO.COTTON IN AFRICA. COTTON IN INDIA. COTTON IN ABUNDANCE. KING LINENON THE THRONE. Also,Also,FINANCIERING UNDER DIFFICULTIES.A WORD ABOUT THE NEW KINGDOM. EVENING POST RECOMMENDED TO HOWELL COBB.BOOKS OPEN FOR PALMETTO BONDSTHE INDEPENDENT OFFICE. BID QUICK.ALSO, MONEY MARKET,at beretetsre OOOBS; prloes" anknowainthismarket.Those eemplete sets," X> pieces rraneh dMaa atwhioh His Excellency has ever JntatpntatlonoftheSovereignwllLin Us noble;he had any before he went out, and he said that he hada large cob, with a few scattering kernels ofDRBSaiNQ, CLEANINtJ, CUBLUlO, FRESERflNO, AND RESTORINQ THEdisplayedcom,while manyotherwise tolerable ears were ruinedrloh out andto Mt. We Invite an IssmedlaU sisiyMllsa <( (mi;newspapers tlie fact that suspicion attached to himrepeated sowiansgsaonf benutcikrweheat, turnsitiplsl ahnaddgarden-he remarked that he tbatbe was going away to see his brother, and wanted to start that iilgnt I did notHAIR.Ladies, try U.For sale by aU druggists.engraved glassware, are sttU tarthsr rtd^Ml;worms. Farmerswhohadnow;;heto the hair;the lU effects of bad dyes removed;the nairwith comparative satisfaction on their com -fields, and Barclay-at. Sold and privately ap^ied at BATCHEIr ftaiaaard to our Chief Authority, we have already the prisoner on that evening about ten dol- hoped for at least a half crop, twenty or thirty bushels OB'S Wic Factory. No. la Bond-st.EntitledAMERICAN BOARD AND TRACT SOCIETY ON BRONZES, CLOCKS AND FANOTlua iB the coupons that were prepared last year, and ing but did not say where he was goingI gaveat^a3 that he is snlmated by tliose feelings that have lars; I have been in the habit of giving per acre, but now found that plump-looking ears, the best andbestcame to the conclusion that if they raised five or ten bushels to the acre they would be thankful, while most fields were found to be an entire failure. Our now to a knowledge of our condition arousedfromtheirapathy. ByadviceofMr.HvattWestsen.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday morning, Dec. 12, Mrs. Hannah RoyAlNB, widow of tbe late Henry M. Western, Keq., aged 69 years.The relatives and friends of the family are respect- fullvinrited to attend her funeral, at the M. R. Dutch Cbtirch, corner of Harrison-st. and Tompkins-place, Brooklyn, on Friday, 14th inst., at 2 o'clock. Her remains will bIentaNkeewn-RtocGbreelelne,woodn CMeomentdearyy,. Deo. 19,Tompkins.—Mabt. wife of S«niuel Tompkins.Tbe friends o^ the family are invited to attend the fn- nersl. from the residence of her son-in-law, Henry Cor- nell, New-Rcchelle, on Friday, the 14th Inst., at IS o'clock P. M. Carriages will bs in waiting at the Now- Roohelle Dep St to meet the ii\ train from the City.entreated to make liberaltions according to their means in money, and In after a sudden Illness, Maria R.. wife of Wm. A. iTom-''heResolved, That the thanks of the people are due to the Prf sident of the aUnditoefdt.hSetates for calling the at- tention of Congress nation in the just andcontribu-he re- goods, in aid of the suffering people of Kansas; and linson, and daughter of Israel Russell, of this City, agedhow it was that he at Susquehamiah mittee, consisting of William C. Brtaht. Chairman, (iBAESOER.-In Bahla,1 thinJi he said that he did not know and to adopt such measures as they shall deem suf ta that Ms brother had stated distinctly, but from the ble to advance the object of this meeting, and to dis-might be foundboyls parents that they shoui'l send him from the City, young man's manner 1 inferred that he was under pose the fund.s raised. has learnedI made inquiries at Susquehannah if who knew lilm there except Mr. Springsteen, aSusquehannahhe stated that he knew the prisoner's brothetSsome yearsATthat they worked together in this City at the .3felliodi8t Book Concern, but that he had never seenagohim at Surquehanriah he that the;—-bis hsning done some work for her made a step- hannah, because a young man corresponding in de- States Exnress Company, for their generous offer to ladder ; ue said that she did not like him, and she scription to the young carpenter who had lieen seen carry money and light freight to Kansas free ofWilliam Smeaton, son-in-law of deceased, recalled : 1 last saw Mrs. Shancks alive on the Tuesday pre- vious to the murder ; 1 called at her store in the after- noon, between three and four o'clocksupposedprisonershe was afraid that he would ataal fron her and that he might injure her in someBANKS OF ENGLAND AND FRANCE, STOCK MARKET.DRY GOOD^ARKET.;the prisoner;;;stopped there having heard tus brother speak of himResolved, That the thanks of this meeting are due(Springsteen) as an acquaintance who lived there•was there at the time Mrs. Shancks told me about I was ordered by the Superintendent to go to Susque- to the American Express Company, and to the United;BEND FOR A PAMPHLET.BSr A new Portable Hoisting Machine, fbr bslstlogbricks and building materials, or goods from vessels at tbe docks, can be seen at the Agency, No. IM Daane-st.tfW These Engines require no water.ornCUL DSAWINSB, BT TELBOBAPH,lines that have offered or mayoffei to carry provisions ment to me, he told me In the first Instance that he and other heavier freight at greatly reduced prices.144as the variations in the tody regardsprisoner'sstate-;'OF THB liBGAliIZED LOTTERIES.die shuddered when she spoke about himshe told him that he might take the paper home drank at the corner of University -place and Eleventh- Resolved, That ministers of all denominations, inway'which he was reading, but before be left the store I street on the morning of Friday last, and afterwards city and country, are requested to commend this;;looked at himat Mrs. Shancks before that occasion, but I will not versity-place and East Tenth-street or Univer- tions, and to take up collections and forward themportraits,bers comprise three volumes, of 600 pages eeeh, with; I may have seen tbe prisoner be told me that It was at the comer of Uni- work of benevolence and humanity to their congrega-of tbeKENTUCKY, AND MISSOURI STATB creasing at the rate ofThe Club price is Four Dollars, or Five Copies tor —sternlyshe felt so toward him.TX8TIM0NT OT AliHA XABIA CLABK.DELAWARE,aboutiWTWO THOUSAND PER WEEK. .OfTHE INDEPENDENTly Dollars: sent to onei address. Tbe postage is oalr; 1 reside at No. 259 West Twelfth-street on received a letter from Gaiiira C. Baoxson, sympa- ;Delaware to the wUl begin the New Year superintendNo. 5 Beekman-st., New-York. UBRART ABS«»CIATIOII.erFriday morning last Alfred (the prisoner) brougtit twothizing with |the cause, and inclosing $10; a letter from Dr. Tr»o, and an extract from a letter written by a parishioner of St. George's Church, who had set-bowKansas, and was about dying from star-Dr. TniQ had raisedDahixl Lobd, Esq., now came forward and made anGovernor of tbe Bute ofdrawings of the Delaware SUte Lottery, do certify thatwrrHA NEW STORY,BTMRS. HARRIET BEECHES STOWE, EntlUedPEARL OF ORR'S ISLAND.THB COAST OF MAINE.now In course of preparation, wilt be printed in successive chapters In the weekly issues of9IERCANTII.Ecolumns to my shopbetweenandabout half an hourheI did not observehalf-pastun- he did not; it nine o'clockhalf-past eight stopped at the shopdrawn this DELAWARE LOTTERIES.blood upon his hands or clotliingI havewhen he came;;anytliing ;In vation;appearancebe under the InfluenceIt,was ;that morningof; 1 did not discover anytome he had been getting a new pair of boots, and57, 66, 68, 2, 44, 78, 75, 19, 48, Class Na. 592, 0«. 12. 18«».appearliquor;asked my opinion about themappealforthe sufferingfor a gentle- to be bad at the Music and Artthe prisoner at little jobs for himself aboutWitness our bands, at Wilmington, Del.,OEOBOB C. GORDON,and at theworkingDepositories, SinglelectureticketsITFATSbook-storaj.for Wc; sslewasalonetlie shop not returnat thedoor.;lie my knowledge.,:often seenTHE ASTORYOFman and two Udies. $3'•ons oi the male sex present, excepting the prisoner,of whitesbe could not swear to his identity. The Coroner Mrs. Shancks' house after the murder, with blood upon tbe audience their dutr as Christians, to con- mailed free of charge by sending towith the columns didto tbeshopthatIT FATS! IT FATS!day[A pieceWHAT PAYShe told$S0for him.[Applause.];IReaolvid, That this meetingpleasure that such arrangements are perfected thattledXxtra Class !ft. 691,Dec.1880.8, 28, 77, 53.earnestfortunate territory which had heretofore been a cause of division among us, had now come to command the universal sympathy of the nation. This was a sym-above,McCurdy, a firm lii Beekman-street,be aUowod One Dollar for every new;:;weight, di»rAcea. But aadno of orwhyJohnJ. Steams,$50 W. C. Noyes, $S0;Morris Ketchum, $100nary neit, wlUsubscriber whose—tbe money In all cases to be remitted in advanee. Thusthree dollars will pay for the renewal and tor one newsubscriber for a year—tbe other doUar to be retained by sSfeh&%fe'sfp«u^?:?j^'vS?ls the person fumiihing the new subscriber, ai a oompen-sation for bis services.$100 PeterSCooper, $40maysend with said renewalsymptoms dyspepilacall ineomparabli compound Blttwsf I Sad It a;;SableUlak Capes. Muffs and Cuffs.Children's Sets of Furs.Cents' Furs and Slelgb Robes.B«Hlre die Ijaader„„ FAIMTBDrbyMMsImeat Sch*el*( Deriga at Paris, aad*Sell Baal Gold Jeweln and English Sterling Silver Ware, 6 per cent, and Diamonds 10 per cent, less than Twenty-ninth street-Is said to be unu- any other boose In the City. No. VI Fultou-sk. nearD. 8. BARNES k CONos. 13 and 15 Park-row.411,-wmiaa.____^__ ^jria Baiyiiaajh-COpposlte Astor House.)ifANlHoNT, No. WIofUntitled Document;Tronble at CkarleatoaA ChristBMw Preaeat. WHEELERkWILSON'S8SWIN0MACHINI,D.The liadd & WebMar laevring-MsMhla*LADD, WEBSTER k CO.. No. 600 Broad war.:W. A. BATCHELOB^S Hair factory, Ko. M Bond-st.E. T. HAnGHWODT k 00,twenty privaWtie^-rtoaoomtso,ry. No. U Bond-st. newly-inventedThe great annoyanoeSfoldavia Cream. f»r P tifyingInslor Weather Strip. They are neat aadGenln>R Holiday Hat for Young Men willWulu—DuocK.—AtDec. », by Rev. George Uolr Smith, Wiuiau J. Willis, of New- York, and Sxuha Hasfik, only daughter of Jared C. Dimock. of the fi>rmer place.DIED.Jeusson.—In this City, on Wednesday morning, Deo. 12, at Mo. 182 West 26th-st., Waltbb Ralph, son of Jaa.Ann 6 and1A. and Emily Johnson, aged years monUi.ehigsa*Funeral Friday morning, Dec. U, at 10 o'clock, from St. Luke's Cbnrcb, Hudson-st.35Tbe relatives and friends of tbe fkmlly are respectfullyo'clockliil.The friends of the famlLv are Invited to attend.sink OnlyMcents.III mniiillililiil Ifortunate AirnxBSOK.—In on Dec.11,DuPlbv Brooklyn, Tuesday,on JohnERICSSON'S CALORIC ENUINES. From 8 to 48 inches diameterOf eyllnder, for sale,America, beansweredthathethoughtthathisJohnE.'Williams,PresidentMetropolitanBank.Saeipdtda22u,ghHtAeRrRrofETT.HWE.RBC8hAa,rwlierseaonfdCaEpmtm.elineGMroaoerneg,ero,f Literature,ScienceandArtthetwelvenumbersofttestoppedbrother was going to leave Ansonia and come to Sus-I asked him then when he had seen thatTreasurer, Wilson G. Hunt, Thaddeus Hyatt, Daniel Lord, Daniel Drew, William H. Aspinwall, Morris Ketchum, and Chas. W. Elliot, be and thev are here- by appointed viith full power to add to their number,Staten Island.ECLECTIC contains. It is the best and the chsapost Mag- azine published.4. Because it contains the choicest articles—the eietmquehannahbrother, and he said about two weeks beforewanted to know if hisjbrother had told him where lieindncemenutbebefore the Ut o/Janumy,,-iWOOD,ELDT k MANAOERS CO.,than any similar Journal In the world, and Is now In- titles. Indexes and embelltshmeats. Price Five DtdliTHE LBOISLATURB.Tbe undersigned Commissioners, appointed by theany other tor al;iposUge stamps^ W..H.BIDWELL,AUTHORIZED BYcents—sent Inthe following are tha numbersday41, 38, 47, 48, 65, 18, 67, 22, 1, 74, 9, 35, 43, 34.JOSEPH SEAL,^:MR. WILLIAM PAGEWILL SBUVBB A OOBBSB Of TBBalLECTU BBS ON ART,Before tbe Mercantile Library Assoclatlan. at their Leo- ture-Room, Astor-plsce, on FRIDAY EVENINGS, De*.U, 21 and 38, commencing at 8 o'clock. Tickets, for one person to the course, $1!large octavo pages, on fin*~ covers, with one or au THB INDEPENDENT has a circulation much larger bpeaapuetri,funleastleyelstitched, bgvreSeanrtain. Tbe twelve naofWEBSTER'S NEW UFABRIDSEDPublisher,ofvented, houses made warm and easaflsrtable, wHk ftmili»Bfbyprincipal grocersEnglish periodicals.i.^. Bs^ss«?9«««aeRss=Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com mik^^aiA