4'1•; ."]from ISorih Carolina (Mr. Winslow) that aE the wit- ' neeses have been.summoned by you with a view to ilnd »©ut something against tiie Administration—prying \ into {he private afiairs of the Cabinet Council, and 1conversations with the President; and all that wasliefttohim (Mr."Winslow") was to cross-examine your s witnesses.j M- COYODE explained that Judge Black and Mr. -;Maivia were examined..i Mr. WINSLOW—Judge Black was summonsd byjibe Committee—Mr. Marvin I Hummoned.i Mr. BOCOCK—Tes, Sir, the gentleman from Ohio jmoved to lay the whole subject on the table, on the iground that it is necessary for the dispatch of'publicAFTERKOOX SESSION.Mso as to l»e heard,' but he was only heard distinctly knock him down..and all club him about the head till about daylight, but. as they conld not.be found by the 'istrength, but it is a virtue not to uxe it HMa giant. But if he should be disposed to use it the people of the coun- try shall undoubtedly hear of it.The Steamer Seioto Burned.(hun, " Ithe adjournment, and just l>efore the session closes this , tesrimony will be brought i:i and sent abroad about the i country." In the Fall we arc to have a ..Presidential | election, and then this garbled testimony, withont-any- j thing having been introduced on behalfof the accused," J 5s to go before the coiintry to poison and prejudice the i public mind. I appeal to the honest verdict of t^e t people with reference to this matter. I ask, Sir, what ) reliance, what faith, what weight, is to be attached to an investigation conducted on such principles as this ? And, Sir, when the miuority has neen compelled to come hefore the House to ask its interposition to enableference.A resolution was adopted that the vote on the vari-' Sstiims''I•i •• '.''.'o f fttae B r a z i l fr<n>ni S t . .¥ohmts.j them to get some testimony oti the behalf of those who ference in 1862.fined,gl5. John White, William Clark, and Michael WTarrc n were discharged, the officers who had beaten and ii jured them being unablo to make any charges againsf- them. But one man, Addison Smith, was even accused of offering resistance to the police. P o -i a r e sougnt to be crhninuteds the gentleman from Ohio| (Mr. Sherman) rises and moves to lay the whole sub-1ject upon the table—all for the dispatch of business !f Mr. COYODE rose, when several" members on theuand. Tribune has sta'ted as much onAUSTRIA.YIEN.VA, May 23/—Count' Thun, Austrian 'Embassa- covered that in the hurry of removal King's fightingjJfcepublican side cried ont, Sit down."j Mr. BOCOCK—I understand from the firentleman y Adjourned till 2 o'clock. •VMr. Lincoln'i. I'J '.we gentleman "fells us that he had a —A responsi• v.S": •>•>i Ittamine were pertinent to the iuqnirv. ' .Mr. WINSJLOW thought thev wwre nurterial wit-ymkM 3mders. Is it Sanders of London, or the celebrated [ Private bills were then considered, and" a number Brownsville advices etate that.Cortina^ lingers nevir^ *s arreeted and put into the omnibus: Barneyperwnv ; Michael Warren, John Woods,.George King,1 " " r ' " ' % John Cleveland, Addison Smith, Thomas.Td];n WhhT>J. , William Clark. With the single excep-JJTrne. and , _ . ^ i * gCSecrge N . S&under* of America? Ami to Cob- j w e n paswsed. .fcett! Sir! (loud laughter) is it to Cbbbott. hf The BoURe voted to go into Committee of the Whole .on the AimericiU Bide.]j-i!• * »the English Government,' with whom, forsooth, Dun- ham n on such terms of intimacy, that he senia him hy his confrere Hart his love, to be given to him over nis coffee at St. James? [.Oeneral laughter!] Again, says Dunham, " I have been on my part aeerk-mgiy so humble and insignificant that none would , attacked the Houi-e of Delegjitcs of that State .for cen- ** think of calling me before the reformers.". Sir, the j 8ui-jng him for voting for a Republican Speaker {Mr.INHOCElSrT BYSTA5DEBS SEVEBEIY CLTTBBED.{Laughter.] Even Dunham invokes confusion toCovode &. Company. But though this personate»g«# J»ixnself " C. A. Dunham^* with all respect itrmyfriendfromPennsylvania(Mr.Covode),I-wilsubmit to the country hi» name is—**done 'in Brown. ' der that there was no quorum. He was tired of mak-waselectedhyfraud. InreplytoMr.Houston,hi}MARKKTS.— The. Havana ,Price Current of the Course, the gate having been opened for the admission Jamee;|Shread,themailcontractorbetweenOlney29tl>atiitCfitbettheSngarmarket,ofthepnrtweek.-hadbeeu ofthecrowd.Afterwaitinganhourormorefor'thejoined.Mr.Foulkorefusedtopermithimto30,and'hereby reqnirt-d to lay the subject of lay delegation before the business. But, Sir, we are paid by the year, and we raenibVn* of the •Quarterly Conferences, who are in ftill conn^c-'A tprecisely*9 o'clockW oodsentered thering, ac-hbave the year before us; and are we to be iold tion between'the yearn lh60 and 18o'2, and the result* to be certi-"B,r,r.\T.TVTiT. OF THE R K V . M r . CORKJTT FOR E o i t h P E .—Ih accordance with previous announcements, a. large companied by bis seconds, who bore the usual sponges,4two round*', in both of which Trainor was knocked down, and the last of which.ended the fight. Neither of them was'arrested.• Secause, he says, they were. not connected with the port was then taken np and adopted.jGovernxnenti What" does this imply -but that A vote of thanks to the Bishops for the able and im-joe wanted no testimony but .. such . as wonld partial manner in which they have presided over theibr Lincoln and Hamlin. ."So far as" we know. Mr. Fillmore's sejntii: ieni.-v >they remain the same as they wereinlSoM He lias ceased to he a public man, but not to feel a dee]- 'interest in the welfare of the Repub- lic, and he d^remtes all sectional pasties as dangerous to the welfare.and peace of the equntry. In that, cate- goryheiucln(lcstheRepublicanorganization. Wedo not, If he has a^y preferences, we doubt not that they are directly for IJell and Everett.".ladies and gentlemen from Newark and Jersey City, including Mr. Corbitt and lady: she then proceeded to the Collins Wharf, and received a large crowd which were in waiting. It .had been expected that the steamer would.sailat1^o'clock,m.,.bur,other arrangements having been made, she did not clear the dock 'before 2 o'c(jK-k p. in.the head. A 'number of the spectators, anticipating hotel, at Flushing (in which was tlie court-room), and"' .trouble, begun to move away. The greater portion, to Mr. Curti^. the Sheriff of the County, the reportersdelegations of the Conference was.passed. •luvittaions were received from.the following, places,the^^ wuntry, declaring that yon wished to investi-gate into the whole subject, and discover if money was place for holding its session: Philadelphia, Chicago,fpent,andwhospentorgaveitout,inconnectionwith St.Louis,SimFranciscoandMountPleasant,Iowa. $he late elections. Now you s»y you want no witnesses j Philadelphia was selected, she receiving 120 votes. |m>such as can prove tforuetbiog agan'ist the Govern- i The ihvice was then made unanimous.-|nent. And, Sir. liere comes K>me information involv- ing a mehiber of this Bouse, against whom 1 am'not Sere to impute anything, and insinuating' that perhapsearnest debate, the friends of the enterprise sustaining e (Mr. Stanton) "owes bis election to an improper use their cause with great ability.f money; The gentleman (Mr. Covode) will have The report was finally adopted. It authorizes butand erect suitable buildings for the purpose.The Conference then adjourned till half-past seven.are indebted^pfymany facilities afforded for performing their work properly, and for other courtesies.Not the least curious circumstance connected with - thisaffair!!isthefactthatalthoughtherewerealarge number of professional pugilists and other fighting men on-the grounds, viol'one of'-them was arrested, with the excep'ion of the two principals in the antici pated battle. The seconds, the backers, the stake holder, and all the lighting men of the-crowd,escaped. KlThat tbcjmen who were arrested were non-fightingmen, aud that they offered no resistance, is proved by the feet that hut one man, out of Mr. Foulke's whole force, would swear that he had seen a blow struck;Criminate the Government ? Yotf, Mr. Covode,€ a v e come before the House, and gone beforeto the General Conference, to be selected as the nexthowever, stood near, the impression being .that the ground on. which the ring was made belonged to. the United States Government; that the authority of the policemendid•notextendoverFederalproperty,and that when the officers satisfied themselves of thesefacts, they would ceate tointerfere andthe fight wouldlOtbingto do with that. It did not apply to the Gov- does not instruct the >>ook agents,at New-York to open ernment. He wants' only to lind out something which a dej-.osjtory in San Francisco, also to purchase-a lotSMITH.]&e can charge to his adverearieft.^STMr. COYODE—I made no charge against any mem-Randolph', Macomber, and others well known to theMr. BOCOCK—But wc arc kindly and generously>ld by the gentleman from Ohio—told hy hi:n in a . A vofe of thanks was paesed to Mr. Swormsted,don Times. eketch of the brilliant crowd of dis- maK\I:XISG SESSION*.M»t patronizing, kind, and liberal manner—that if we Book Agent at Cincinnati, for his faithful services, andiave any reason to believe that Mr. Scranton was im- directed that his salary be continued till the close of the 5rf>periT elected he wonld give us a committee to .in- fiscal year. It was resolved thai the Annual Confer-vestigate it. Then you cry peccavi! You admit you • ences, except California and Oregon, be required here-did wrong, when the memoer from Onio comes up and after to bear ihe expenses of their respective delegatesnlakes this proposition; but when the genileman from to the General Conferences.; The basis of representa-public. Mr. OrviJle Gardner dispensed pies, sand- vate view ofjibe Academy .'Exhibition of this vear, a wiches, ctikes, sodu-watcr, and lemonade; in a mannerSJorth Carolina aaked to have witnessed in connection With the'matter before this,Committee, he was dumb «pd said nothing. The Chairman of that Committee4teivs that the President had spoken something aboutthan he had|jeep jseen for a long time. "The second edition " o f that Mime journal, on the evening the City of BrJtimoreil'eft. [brings us the tiding-s of his death. Wc have nopirtiiculars heyend. the mere announce- ment of the faci, hut we presume he wad' car- ried off by ta! | return pf» that apoplexy, of which ,1)0 n: received, some months wnce, a premonitory jitrolde. Previons to his'marriage his habits had beeijfstch ae to provoke a disposition to-such attack. -For s 'me M'years he'had been anhahifcu<5ofand loud. The name of-Corbitt was sounded through proposed to d<^were not expecting any hostile mea-inonev. He wanted to find out'whether jfcwaB the to be $10,38v; receipts from Annual Conferences,Democrats who u-ed Jhat money, and if bet could not $6,660, leaving a deficit of $3,717, for which amount a prove that, lie didn't want to* prove [anything. draft on the book concern was authorized.Xee, Sir, thev pass tnis sweeping Resolution, * The Committee on Correspondence reported thatthis Covo<le resolution, to, mqnire info every- they had prepared addresses to the following ecclesias-thing—sweeping over the whole face of the land tical bodies:»To the Wesleyan Methodist Conference ofwith drag-ntrs, examining every witness brought be- f Great Britain; to the Annual Conference and pastorsparties quietly, without even ordering, the crowd todisperse, withont giving any warning whatever, In-spector Folke suddenly crie<l out, " Now, G—d' d—nthem, give them hell"—then he instantly drew a re-volver, ju'id each of his men followed his example, andth«y commenced an indiscriminate attack with theirclubs on all parties present, j They snared no one theyare the Democratic influences which appohr/jd them responsible! Inspector Foulke was Deputy-^rtpoiin- terdent of the Brooklyn Police Department years be- fore the Metropolitan Police, law was enacted^. * .RtfMdR|b|. ANOTHER PRIZE-FIGHT.—/These was ar ;-eport yesterday morning thatanother prize-fight w as**mostcpaestionableshape'." We will projjound gaes-tioiis to it, and insist upon answers. I think mVselfthe;'very bestthingthegentleman conlddowould be toget-upandasktheilou—todiscbarge himselfandhistotheSecretary,W.L.Harris,andhisassociates. •"Whopicturessnojjberymust.himself be a snob. He Dr. Durbiri then read the pastoral address for 1860, wrolhftsome light ttiiles and reviews, and dramatized a-ytCoramittee. He has a dixbcitir jvath to pursue, and has and the city paters, and the Conference adjourned tillyet torun.thegauntlet—foT,oneengagedin,suclia 5o'clockMondaymorning,tofinishupalittlebusinesscrusade as he has entered upon must run the gauntlet. remaining to be done.- Before the adjournment Dr.' Without claiming to belong to any particular party, Carter, in behalf of the Cdbference, presented to Dr.this case the gentleman' may nave the power-to with- pj official services. • _ hold justice. It is a glorious thing to have a giant'sis even now forilotten. He leaves no perennial to company on board the Croton united in singing thew e stand, here, in the name of the country, to see e<jnal. He owes bis fn'iiiL or rather his notoriety, to his cel- flow,'"' &c. 'ebrated entertaining|mt.of ajourney npMpnt Blanc. In The Croton then turned her bow toward the city,W. D. Harris, Secretarv, and Dr. Griffin, Assistant vcai exact iustice done, iand if Justice is nor done—for in Secretary,, each a beautiful.tea service, in appreciationone of his letters to {his wife, fr ^n Boston, when giving and arrived at Canal street about 5J o'clock. No acci- manner: an officer came and ;>roke one window of the Cremorne Citrd'cns, London.. GeaWi^fces presentedMr. WbWow s resolution''was read. SpeakerdirecttheSergeant>at-Armsto summon forth- withcertainwitnessesfromLuzerh*County,Pa., $Jew-Jer*ey, and Philadelphia. „ ^Mr. SHEB3^AK withdrew' the motion to lay on theJLOI/ISVU.LK, Saturday, June 2,1860.r The steamer Scioto, while laid up at the lower ;Louisville wharf, caught file and burned, l^oss f^,000.It was that thetable.Jfr. HAKKIS (S. Am., of Md.) wished to know I jjf the Anglo-Saxon, Weather thick.on the State of the Union. • .Iseaijly all the members then lefh a few remainingf - — I — - • .• ;F a t s : I R a i l r o a d A c c i d e n t . WIISTCHJ-RTKR, Penu., Saturday, June 2,1860.AXOTHEE SLAVER CAPTURED, WITH 500for general debate. . ,;:Mr. STEW AKT fDem., Md.)made a speech in'replv••'-•" r;'V" ; APRICANS.John Woods and George King^ who have been tiol of George, *TM > f*& one of ttie persons arres ed.ous amendments; substitutes, motions, &<-.,be taken. Dr. Slytcr of Baltimore moved to strike ont the first reeolnti'oh in the substitute of Drs. Clarke and Peck.Lost by 111 to 77.The first resolution was then adopted by 168 to 78. Dr. Porter of New-England moved to amend the;ST. JOHNS, Friday, Ji n -1.1860. The steamshii) Brazil sailed hence for Galway atspot in the woods, where the two would-be. combat- ante, , with their chosen friends, were found., The ropes and stakes had been left oh the ground first se looted, so there was no material of which to constructThe prisoners were taken to Flushing, a few' miles distant, and brought before Justice WillianSyTorner. Woods and .King were held in $500 bail eaclrT(or, their appearance at Court. Addison Smith (the man before alluded to ae being drunk and-noisy) was held in 3250J Thomas Byrne, aider and abetter, was fined $15. ,7ohnwtf~mmwmmfm.svMim'%substitute by striking out the second reeolntion, whichis the plan, and providing that the preachers be re-quirec to lay the; subject hefore the male members in know, if We are snrc that Mr. Lincoln's name their charge's, and report the result to the Annual Con-The peasantry ask to be armed.. Papal troops will immediately leave Rome for the-frontier.The jov-ryal of Rome also says the news from SicilyDEATH' OP ALBERT SMITH..LONDON, Mav 23.— Tlie Times's second edition an-nounces that Albert Smith died this- morning. •'••-. .COMMERCIAL. ••fied to the next succeeding: Annual Conference, -w'i'h the number •otinjr fur and agninxi it; the votine to be doD» by ballot.representation of the friends of the Eev. Mr. Corbitt. water-buckets, &c. He at once began to prepare for betweeh Eddy Roberts and Mike Trainor. It lastedithat they shall criminate the highest public functionary'/in the land, and his Cabinet, and carry the nex(Presidential election, by. ex parte and garbled tesii'dmon^, and we be cut offfrom explanation or defense,because, forsooth, the public business presses? Lookfiir?t at the gentleman lr'om Pennsylvania himself. He;has, Sir, introduced a resolution to inquire into the n*e ' The report of the. Committee, as a whole, was then — The'Buffalo Commercial Advertiser, at the re- |of money at the Penasyl vania elec:ion»; mid what does • adopted. -'••;.' " .the fight by putting on his boots, when again the cry w a s heard that the police were "coming. The crowd regarded the intelligence as false, and paid no attentionKeiolrrd. That the Bi«hop be instructed to lav"the question, in the saxue forxu, before the Annual Conference in 1862, and each Annual Conference xhall f!;n.i»b tbepteiidlug Bishop, a-'Copy of the rexnlr, and the BirfhopH are to report the results) to the next. Oeneral Couference. ' ." .This is an r.tje oil stern polit ical virtue.. .-•'•' ~ .'- m - j I •was. gathered on board, the steamboat Croton, bnSaturday, to accompany ahe splendid steaoiship Adri-atic as far as Sandy Hook, and there to bid their lateThe reporters, who saw the whole transaction, wereAe sav now is his reason for not examining witnesses I The remainder of the Book Concern Committee re-" quest of "MrJ Fi imore, contradicts the story that he ispastor.farewell.;- At 10£ o'clock, the Croton took on to it at first, but the officers, to the number of abouthoard r.lie first contribution of friends, at the fuot of thirty,Were seen marching up the hill. They were met at several points in tleir search for information bynot in uniform, hut had their stars displayed and their leveled revolvers and upraised clubs, but all escaped Gouveneiir street, East liiver; she then proceeded to without 'injury. To Mr. Edwards, the hindlord of theJersey City, where she-received a large number of clubs in their hands. Inspector Folke marched atT i e minority report of the Missionary Committee. —7'he AmcnM,.(Ga.) Watchman,tion in the next General Conference was fixed in the ratio of one delegate to thirty members of the Annual Conferences.The total expenses of the Conference were reportedthe air by-a hundred voices. At length, Mr. and Mrs. Corbitt made their appearance on the starboard quar- ter of the Adriatic, and with their pockethandker- chiofs responded to. the signals of -salutation which were made, on the Croton. ^As soon as the vessels came whhin speaking, distance, the licv. Mr. Heston said: " , . . . '. 'u;?»Ir. CORUITT: As yon leave the shores of vour native land, carry with yon ' the • prayers and" the. earnest .wishes of 500 of your friends."Mr. Corbitt acknowledged the compliment by bow-ing his thanks. He 'mane numorbus ellbrts to speaksures, without even making the attempt to arrest any . Municipal Police, and for their merits or shortcomibgsfore it. the disappointed and the chagrined, everybodythat coold U>ll or msinuate anything against the Admin- to the Wesleyan Methodist Conference .of Canada; toistration—anvthing <r anylony would do to prWfe this; the Bishops of M. E. Church in the-United States. No literary life vr^rp Jyont to meet at night and protract hut thty must have some"responsible man to pWjfor a .deputation was sent to the Conference of Wesleyan their" pleaeahli ies| and potations to early morningcould catch, pursuing tlie Hying crowd, clubbing themtotheearth,andthenbeatijigthem. ','"'andthepolicedfthoseprecinctsweredrreetedtokeep*.tis, and to see that that money was expended among showing the position he took before the British Con-the Democrats. Theyconfine themselves to this, while ference en the subject of Slavery.the resolution gives them the right to examine into the A resolution was adopted unanimously, heartily ap-•ants of money by any and everybody, by members of proving the course of -Bishop Simpson and Dr. AIo-Congress as well as by the Exeeu&ve Department. This Clintock, as Representatives to the British and Irish •merry, are aptKWK]liver the biost iron frame. is the fairness with which we are met. Let this matter Conferences. •••'•"•.go before the countrv. * Thirf Covode Committee wilt be The second week in'January next was advised to begait, who received a single ljdow in the head with theu p 'again and again. •W e may expect to meet it atobserved by the Church as a season of prayer for thecheers'were next given for the noble ship, its company, and its passengers, which.Were responded to by a a general waving of handkerchiefs and hats on board theAdriatic". ,:•'•'.':Having reached Sandy Hook, three cheers werethe ground; having done which, the officer left him, withouttakinghimintocustody,axseeming to desire to do so. A countryman, who was driving along the road which ran near, was struck while in his wagon by a policeman, and bis h L-H4laid open to the skull. This,work went on till the ground was cleared.Woods,whobadgotawayfromthering,gainedhis carriage, and was seated quietly therein at some dis"- tancofrora the spot, was, a Tested in the followingso much was staked,, and which it was honed would, bewonby.Mi;.TonBroeck'shorse"Umpire,"'was run. on the S&IofjMay. The result- is as follo^.: Thhiy horses entered. •Thormanby came in fireaj Wizawl, second; Horror, third; Cmpiio (Amerian hci?sc)I eleventh. Wizard won 5,000 guineas' at >»«wmajket.THECHAJtiMoxFiGHT.—Thetwobe&s,.wbjehhave been before mentiouedin these columns^wer^ piseeeuted to'Heenau aud Sayere on the night of May 30, atcv«ry torn. When it comeswewill IK-ready for it, conversionoftheworld. # •conp iu-what gui>«e it mav,Jbr it )*> certain to come in j The thanks of the General Conference were passed wiLli him to have drawn on himself for its inspiration.which wasadopted- '-";• '•'.' AvoteofthankswaspassedtothecitizensofBuffalo,fewsWjei?., Butilthatfeehasdoneinaliterarywaypointthefuturetohistname. ... Doxology,"Praise Godfrom5tinguished lite11rary-men.and artists gathered at'the pri-very pleasaihpici are of Albert'Smith and hi3 bright, Bafcisfactoi-y.'to all who patronized him.pretty little: wifej in which the ••" Jouj-n«yer up Mont As soon- as. the.steamship aud steamboat got nicely Blanc" wasjdesq-ilied as looking baler and happier under way, the shouts from the hitter became manypapeis, and no demonstrations had been niade, beyond and not one could swear that.a prisoner had resisted the bad language which a few of the roughs used, and him or j had-- attempted to escape from custody.- I toftheMethodistChurchofPranceandSwitzerland£clubsin'whka|soneofthe:brightestwitsofLondoncharge against the o'ther side, and thev call upon us to Methodists of Great Britain or Ireland.make such declarations, imd t!»ey will #ive us . n e w Dr. S. W . Bangs, P . G. Hibbard, and S. Hodgson,Committee, when this Committee has a right to exam- were selected a* a deputation to the-Wesleyan Method-me into every charge. Their object, however, is to i»t Conference of Canada- Bishop Simpson gave a fireside such m i l lis Thackeray, Mark Lemon, RussellexamineonlyintotheaseofmoneybytheAdministra-..veryinterestingaccountofhisembassyto'Europe,oftheCrimeaJffiJallthat;wasgayandsparklingin ThreecheerswerethengivenforCorbitt,.andthreebisentertainments Ih this country, Mathews,the coine-wc remember, wrote with considerable j^-ide: have now, alone and unassisted, .for forty-three evenings manned to entertain, and I bclicve.to gi-at- " ify, large audiejaies, and the man who can do so is "somethingbeydmItheordinaiyrun." Actingonthis criterion,AlbertSilithwasanextraordinaryman,for be has surpassed i lis feat, and for two hundred an,d W e have had no tidings from Father Point since 8 fifty.nights or mor^'every year of the past nine yearsdent occurred during the-trip to mar the enjoyment of the occasion.ROLL ON THE BALI..—The Republicans of the Seventeenth Ward, Brooklyn, have commenced the campaignwithmuchenterpriseandvigor. A wigwam, hexagonalinshape.,hasbeenbuilt,andwillbededjctUod thia evening. The Hon. Truman Smith of Connecticut, and Stewart L. Woodford and others will address thecarriage ont with his club, w mn Woods attempted to. leap out of the. carriage, bet was met as soon as he stepped out by three or four policemen, who knocked liim to the ground, and while he lay there helpless and unresisting, four officers beat him^ibout the head and armswiththeirclubs,afterwhchtheypickedhimupand puthimintothelargeomnibuswhichhadbroughttho police to the ground. Officer John Fox, No. 1,038, then stood by the *idc of him with aphtol pointed to his ear;'Sayere whh the belt which had beer/ Hubscribed foe him, and MrjJDowling presentedjthf/helt to Heenaa.,^|;fe ^—" .,.—Heenan, in a private letter t/> Amofiwi, says that ho was never married, and tha^ the women who had claimedhisnameareaJUimpostors.-. ..v«*a:CHAtTENci: TO M9^aissEi%~Heenaii has issued a peremptory challenge, to, John Morrissey, to fight him for any sum ^toia 5 cents to f5,000%i: mTkeQuebec Steamer.• MONTRKAL, June :i—9 p. m.the Rio:' jGfrandi, and that there were fears 01 an attack',:.;i -1 tPiWfyftm>i<^»<r*v'* u^*?'jyMm T R ^ J M MONI>^ JUJVE ^, i860. mt^-.mk*GS'.it*ftt0<9in<[HHll|l''<••• "'';"^ •:•:.:•;••• f 'A collision <i;curred on the Baltimore Central Kail-;|i|pHiLAT)F.i.'i»Hij\, Saturday, June 2, 1860.- teers has reentered Tuscany.. "'-, *thatittiglit be attempted. They determined' to attempt Clubbed more or Jess< One poor fellow,'a hackidriver, to*contin'ne the fight, moved off to another spot, and a who came to the spot in the regular'course-of bis •business^ was mnch beaten. Though eo many^pistols few- who got the word quietly withdrew from the were drawn, bnt two' shots wore fired, both by theWm. Duim, preporter employed on Tiu:- Ledger, died this.rriorni -Jgfrom .injuries received by falling out of a windoyvdi iing tlie night."A battalion of Pontifical chasseurs fired upon each other in error, and a .captain, lieutenant, and live soldiers, were killed thereby. ' .Artillery has left Borne to-day, for ..the frontiers.ROME, IViay 23.—The official journal of Rome, speaking of the atiair of the 19th, at Motiteli.as, says, that owing to the darkness of the ni#bt, the Pontifical troops wounddd some of their comrades, taking them for-lillibusters. ' • .chosen few were informed of the new locality. Thecrowrd ahd moved on about'balf a mile, to a secluded Police,•,-and# neither took effect. , .four o'clock this afternoon.POLITICAL.•!The Customs Guard at Onano was overpowered by - ;•;-... nllib.nstcrs, who, after plundering, reentered Tuscany.the ring. - .It so happened that, there was a small enclosure, Cleveland, ditto, fined $10. Patrick Kiernan, ditto,.—Mr. T.V.IT Webb writes from Philadelphia tois Abraham ijjanji not Abram/- W e answer,. that The is favorable to the Neapolitan Government.about 50 feet square, tl at had been fenced off for some purpose, and it was agreed that the- men should fight there. But now a new delay occurred; it was dis-strike Officer Taggart on the back of his head with hia conclusion had been attained the police had again dis- fist. Officer Taggart was then called, and swore thatThe matter was finallv referred to Messrs. Porter,Clark, and Dean to decide upon some plan and report Mr. Lincoln^ Express authority; and now we haveto the Conference at 2^ o'clock. The I7li7ioi'$ Siate Journal, published' at Springfield, dor at St. Petersburg, lias'arrived here.drawers and shoes had been left behind. This difficultywUs soon got over by both men agreeing to fight intheir ordinary trow sere • and boots. By the tune this liceman Francis Lettinwell swore that he saw SmithThe report on Temporal Economy .was then taken which says ihat Ithe name Abram does not belong to up and considered t,i!l the adjournment.Upon reassembling, the Conference proceeded to the transaction of some general business*? in relation to the salaries of editors, ccc.• The report of the Committee on Temporal Economy was again taken np, and after considerable debate -was adopted as a whole without important amend- ments. •.Mr. Chirk, from the select committee to whom was referred the various placsrfor lay delegation, reported that they had agreed upon the following resolu- tions, to" follow the one adopted at the morning session:- BrtUvtd, That the preachers in the various charges be, and areprolonged ct>ipv<reation on politics wiih the Hoii. 3Jm-LivKKPoor. -.COTTON MAUKKT—May 23.—Cotton covered the ground, and were seen approaching inmarketinuctive, without quotable change in prices; sale*! 5,uw he was struck but once, and that on his forehead, and. !)«]*•«, inclndint; 0<m on >p*><;nlati6u and for export. Ttie sales are largeforce, to the great chagrin•• of the party, which that he did not know who struck him.2,00i) Surat at ^V/'Ud ; 200 Egyptian 8®10|d.'; 350 Pernam T j ^ had_now augmented to about 500. A new move was8£d.: oO' Labia T^d.. and 8.270 American.ry J. Raymondabout two months ago, when Mr. E.said explicitly [hat the' nomination of Mr.; Sewardwould be the ilestruction of the Republican party.Another genlilenian, who has the means of knowing,tlie comingf^h. Having arrived there, however, new light brought to his mind the new convicLion that it was Gov."'Sev'ard who held the lucky cards, and he changed his.Icoirse accordingly. If- there had been any probability i of Mr. Douglas's nomination and election by tlie Jiempcra^cparty, there is no reason to doubt that'Ravuib'nd would have remained true to him.iiT" i* LONDON COKN M'AKKRT—May 23.— A ttendance • un- usually small, even for Derby Day, and all. descriptions nomi- nally as on Monday, with scarcely any business. ;resolved on, and Willett's Point, about nine miles dis- tant, was the spot this Lime selected. ^Ajfter a ride of nearly two hours, about 200 of the party reached theThe,truth is that Taggart was struck with the hut' end of awhip. All the reporters saw the blow, which was struck at the very commencement of the fight, and it'was not struck b y Smith. This same Lettin-well assaulted a citizen of Flushing in the main street of that village with his fists and.club, was at once ar- rested jtherefor„ and put under bonds to appear, at court. '! ,", •'. •At the hotel at Willett's Point a short fight occurred!says that Mri Raymond went to Chicago to labor forLA TER FROM HAVANA,The United States mail steamship Cahawba, J. W. striving for a long-time to get an ojipoi-tunity to decidb had l»een cut ano b e a t C T ' m 0 S t °f t b m V 6 r J ' o*TM*1*' . to his colleague {Mr. Davis), who several months ago road at jkriX);o'clock; this afternoon, near Pairville Smith commander, from Kew-Orleans at 8 a. m^ on by Officer 0. B. Beach, who wentStation.}! ./ ' i|, - I.'' •.'[• ' ' ' . •_ r ' •. : • with their 'fists, in a twenty-four-feet ring, the mo- King was arreeted was, and made the arrest quietly, TwOj|pflP8ei)ger trainB met on a curve where the the 27f.h nit., arrived -at Havaaa at 2 p. jn.v on the 29th mentous question which is the betler'man, hive met to the room where hereformers—Covode and Company. [Laughter.] Dofs ! Pennington). "»ot the -world see, Sir, that it is a " stll"—that nobody Mr..DAYIS (S. Am., Md.) said the House'of Dele- enginesjaiid fo ir cars became a total wreck. The fire- 30th, arriving herb last evening in four days and four with another disappointment/ They missed an appoint- taken from the bar-room ofgrade vnut hea ij, and, rushing into each other, both and took her departure for this port at 1 p. m. on the King oftcriDg no-ree5rta .'nee. ment at the Palisades last Monday, the*police -..Claipk and White wereiiijurcd.JlLeeMichner, a farmerofChesterCounty, ^onthegroundthat their mseawasohthe fpot and pre|iniinarywordcommencec: 'ownseveral,^beyeach who wim stan ling on'n platform, was instantly killed. Havana continue perfectly healthy. - ^ ready'to iight, and the other was not. La«t Friday, could-reach; after knocking chealth, from Dan to Beersbeba ? [Continued laughter]J WJfite neither of tbem had rnryv ^»ng whateUr to do AndwhoisthevileGentilewhoistokeen huh posehispersonalconductwouldbeinissue,-but.hehad butjunipedoffescapedwithbutslightbruises. 29thfromKeyWest. TheCrusader,on-lineafternoon Spirit oftheTimestodecidethequestion.Theclaim Wlfiteneitheroftbemhadarryicould believe for an instant that the Covodo COBE- 1 gates' expression of opinion was a sheer piece of im- xnittee are the reformers of political abuses in this Gov-men an|d. engineers escaped by jumping off the train. hours fi'om Havana. The Cahawba has had delightful it'-ltli T - i —-u-^u*u tnorjrs burst, and withont a Conductoj-W;i]lisTayloranda-newsbo'vwereseriouslyweathertheentirepassage.ThecityandharborofarrestingKing.The.Woodspartyclaimedthemoney,tb.cjhotelymtowhichtheo.^clubbingeverybodytheyernmenttAgain,thewritergoesontosav:"Sbonjdpertinence, L!••**there beany danger, Danwill postmein timeto Mr.STEWAKTa*kedwhetherhiscolleaguethought« take a short trip for the good of my health." Wba4! I thft people of Maryland would sustain him ?' M r . 1 ) A Y 1 S h a d n o m o d e o f a s c e r t a i n i n g " t i n s t i l l t h eM r . P e n n e y , i i b ' e m p l o y e r , w a s i n j u r e d . C o n d u c t o r • T h e U n i t e d S t a t e s s t e a m e r " C r u s a d e r , L i e u t . / C o m - <m a w a v . C l a r k a n d 5s this Judean going to *ea T Will he travel so far fijr t Pall election; and perhaps not then,-for he'did not sup- A. B. Burton, who was'standing on one of the engines, mandixig John N. Maffit, came into Havaa^on the the men and their friends met at the oflice of. Wilkes' pfsrized a prifsoner and dragged h •,..-,<•• •, -1 . ,posted, s o that he may hurry afu* his no'doubt that when the time came he would find Everyj assist 4nce was rendered to the passengers, a of the 23d ult., off Cape Verde, in the mouth of. the of Woods was resisted by the King party, they claiming with the fi^ht, and-were engaged m i ^ B TM TM 'enough to sutain him, in and O.nt of his district./ nmnberp.f wh |m were more or lees injured. They Mr. STEWART replied it was a libel on Marvland were tahxm to alendenhaU's farm-house.^ nri m i ^ *~A 4.%* TI could make no old Bahama channel, captured a bark having on board that their man was not responsible for his absence."' patron. The officers wl»oarrc-Htea tne. • .over five hundred negroes from the coast of Africa. The stakeholder decided'that'neither man was entitled , charge, against them, and they were • in»Untly dis-brother Judean t o England? But, Sir, the is one evidence of the genuineness of the letter—all the rest is covered with spuriousneas and darkness. HetfctWe come to the sign manual of this great .literary epistle, " A pleasant-voyage to you, and confusion to Covoae ic Company, is the wish of. your friend.JGreat laughter.! Friend! [General laughter.] Si-, his is nature—ail the rest js doubt. To my mind it would be a spurious hojcc were it not for this or e **touch of nature," which make all the world akin. '{Laughter.] ing the "Honee a debating society, and of the printing . iiL at; St* JTosepIi, Ifflieta.to say she wonld sustain him. She was perfectly sound on the Slavery question. If the question in is- sue between himeelf and his colleague were submitted• . ! • \ m — • — ' • Steplieii Cr, Kennedy Arrested.The prize was placed in charge of Lieut. J. M. Dun- to the money, but that they musS fight for it, and charge^ as f*oon ap brought befdrc'thVjna,can (first of the. C), and under convoy of the steamer «i8trate.to the people, the latter would not get more than a cor- • ;j • jCr.KVKi.AXD, Saturday, June 2,1860. . proceeded to Key West, where the slaves wore landed, ordered them to meet at the Centervjlle Race-Course, Mr. John Cleveland, the proprietor of the billiardStephen G. 'IjCennedy, who eome time since ranporal's guard; or about as many as Premont received away fr<!>m M< niphis with a young girl, and leaving 10join those previously captured' by'the Wyandot andthe head, neck, and'body/ and had two of M». . vthere. HiB colleague's course animated aud strength- e n ^ the Republican part v.Mr. MA YNARD (S. Am., Texan) in reply to a revicinity, between the hours of 5 and 7 a, m., nextThere are now over- l,700..&frictus at that place, in morning. Ho announced , his intention of giving the broken. While he was walking to the mnniotwMr.CRAIGofNorthCarolinaraisedthepointofor- paramour.his fwifet iii tjatj city, and for whom a requisitionMohawk; • * 1 "was! made on (l|ovcrnor Dennison by Governor Harris ,of Tennessee, <n a charge of stealing slave proaerty,FireDKTHOIT, Saturday, June 2, I860.A fire*-at St. (oaeph; Mich., on.Wednesday, destroyeddustnont-ly wius the intelligence diffused through the Lettenyille,' No. 1,148. .city that before midnight all those interested in such As foon as Mr. Cleveland had recovered^. UttlcfromtMr. SHERMAN (Rep., of Ohio,) moved to lay the speeches never delivered. The very men who votedresolution 'on the table.. Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) demanded the Yeasand-Nays. He wanted to see who would shrink froi i investigation.Mr. SHERMAN said that he and his friends were Willing there should be an investigation of the eleetici of anv one on the Republican side, if any gemJemai i would rise in his plate and say that any one of themTheJapaneseEubaesywillleavethiscityforBalti-denied that the Republicans want to avoid inveStUgat" more, Philadelphia, and New-York about the 8th inst. and Gran'v5Ue,.jwfls arrested to-day, at thb instance of cjuitiB active in- sliipuientH of pre^-ionN purchaxeK. Buyers -ivoro men to be roused from their, hiding-place'aud dressed, his men in the carriage leveled their j istols at t^e heads'to go into Committee in order that gasiaight be let ofT, had left.ular commendation at Key West and Havana.Capt. Maffit forwarded hia, dispatches and a•'mail' bythe Cahawba, and proceeded thVsame day toluVcruis-He resisted all appeals to withdraw his objection, and fifteen building, including half the business portion of ing ground. The'machinery of the Crusader.iij in bad matters were apprised of the coming event, and at 2the Committee rose. Adjourned.-—^.Tlie Japanese.WASHINGTON*. Saturday, June 2, i860.the towril -Lots estimated at $30,000. It is supposed- order, • ; ^ '••••-•- " V to have been tlie work ofan incendiary. jgo to the hotel (a few steps distant) in'the eharge of" ' A r r e s i ; ! o f a'IKEai S C o n t r a c t o r . > '• ' . OLKKV, Til., .Kme 3, I860..The local news at Havana was unimportant.-eilver. ••' • . . pet-itiori a bumper of gentlemen, resident at the place,W . D, Gilmore; Special Agent of the Post-Ofiice De- coming ibrivurd more ir6oJy. No. .12-quoted ut '8|'«&8§ riMilu.£ % .partm'en'ij charged withrolibing the marls. The extent Hioclc on Jmiid ut Huvanu tnid MaJtanasas, 29-'5,Q00 boxes, v/lnoh | the crowd moved on to a field ashort distance from theis not known, ljut supposed to be large.House, Sir, are the creatures of the House, and tin;House has the right at any time to interpose and super"rise the action of its Committees, and correct them u'they do wrong. As to the manner la which the Housfahallgetitsinformationwithreferencetotheconduct.Simpsoninthechair. .,- Abontnoonjb-dayasmallboatcontainingfivebovsKew-Oilcatfs^Sdayti'wigbt,1htbi\ncm. • ''"»©fCommittees,thai isanothermatter,about,which'1 •ThereytoitoftheCommitteeonLayDelegationwas wasupsetbycomingincontactwiththehawserofthe: • PRICKS O>-SI;.(;AJ'..—Wenoticein some of the Ha-.. need not speak. . This - information comes before us, taken np. steamer Baltic, and two brothers named Andrew and' vana correspondence published in several of .the xuswispapexH in the United StateB'(iv»!.d^ not wit»h to quote theTrnaoiea at (jrea-of all who attempted t^a^proacb, swearing t>ht they would "blow out the g—d d—d braius^of any c~- of ativ>n. .Mr. BOCOCK (Dem., Ya.)—The Committees of thoThey will arrive in New-York aboat the 15th.Covode Committee has been euiraged some three or fotu weeks in taking testimony which is designed to crhn inate the President and the Executive Administratiot > ofthecountry. Now,as1understandit,notasin^h. -witness bas l>een examined to explain away or rebutbled, hereby approve of the introduction of lay repre- sentation into the General Conferences, when it is as- certained that the Church desires it; second, that the BishopsappointaCommitteeofsixoftheclergyand six of the hiity to prepare a plan, to be submitted by the Bishops to the Annual Conferences, and by the.. , |L I BOSTON, Salurdav, June 2, 1S60. been no'Rigiir.of ,thnt description (No. 12) Hold at that price inMethodist Episcopal Conference. .riit/'B prex-ioualy given.' ' - - "•-••- f>." • man appeared it was observed that a large force of theAt last a gentle-BCFFALO. Saturday, June 2, 18f>0. . The Cohfererfce assembled at the-usual hour, BishopAccident at A3bany.EXCHANGE^.—On London. CO duys' eight,-12i-'K13 premiilm;Brooklyn Police were on the ground, under the charge of .Inspector .John C, Poulke.:. The/ were "in plain clothes, and did not display their shields. The Inspector announced to those who seemed'to have charge of af-. this testimony, although we are now within two week*of the close of the session. The Committee has been Presiding Elders to the Quarterly Conferences; and if plicated Geo. Q\ Horsey. Thecircuuislancenhowever,having a fight, a purse was made up for an extempoengaged weeks and mc nths in collecting evidence to receiving a majority of vot*e, to" be brought before the criminate the head of the Executive Department of the next General Conference for approbation- without de- Oovernment and his Cabinet, and a gentleman of that bate, s f e r ^ 'Committee, who wishes for fair play, has been compelled Several substitutes and plans were presented, all sub- to come here and to ask the House to compel the stantially agreeing that the whole subject be referred Chairman of that Committee to bring forward rebutting back to "the people of the Church first,, and then, if a testimony. Look at this matter, and see what is pre- majority is-in favor of a Lay representation, the sub-., aented on the face of it. W e are within two weeks of ject may be brought before the next General Con-' . . ' : • - musthy'nO means be supposed.that -the 'persons ar- ITALY. however, interfered, and the ropes were cut. Tlie In- rested were'the only ones injured. Though less than•' ROME, May 22.—fOfficial.]—A band of 500 volun- spector reiterated lils determination to stop any fight a dozen were taken into custody, probably fifty were{•••• .si' ALBANY, June ,3,1860.sJgfit^SJ^jS proinidm; JNr«.w-Or)eunn, (JOdays' hight, >/a>\. prjem-; r•and we have no right -to inquire how, but to act up^r Drs. Peck and Clark offered a substitute for the ma- Peter Smith, w ere drowned. The others were rescued ent), thatithei prices of Sugar here wore reported tv/o or tliree- fairs that he was determined to prevent the fight, aud*'.itasitisbeforeus.Whatisthepropositionpfth<jorityreport—first,thatwe,thedelegatesofthesev-withdifficiilty.' , weekaugo«tthrrate-ofTij-rls.arroba(Sic.fflis)forNo.12D.statedthathehadmenenoughtodoit.Itwassub-FoulkewouldconsenttohtClevebindgotothehotel,gentleman from Ohio ? Bu*. first let me say that thi» eral Annual Conferences in General Conference assem-"'I — ^ ....*.;• / Xilie Wevmouth' Traced v.S. AHone of tlie principal objects' of The, Cuban iVlr.ns&ificris to fisrinah relial.ilc •couiiui;rciin'i:rforiiiation, wii consider it our duty \o suy thut the above quotation V-OB not exact, au there himsequently ascertained that h e had between 75 and 100 men on the ground and distributed along the road-and then he did it only in obedience to the-urgent re- - qu*stof the landlord who came and perccnalljr inter- ceded.' •:,The Coroner Biuque«t at South Wcymoutn. closed yesterdayi' "Tie fact.'that Betsey Francis Tirrell died by poisorrj-^wasj established, but no direct evidence im-our inurkc.t for the .lastthree or four months. 'I'he lowest price •Weliavehoardpa'dforNo.12thi«month,inol'tvHmulllot,dami), at 3 lG-lCo., or "il--.rft. arroba. [Haxanu-Messenger, May 30.More for the purpose of finding out whether theimvexpectationofJ:' WeWcentevorcdtogiveanideaofiitescen^-.were deexbed/ sufficient to demand his committal to await the,action of the Grand Jury. - *THE LATEST BY THEuIJDcjjitli of a Reporter.Long Island, and be prepared to fight at a place in that tables at'Lafavette Hall, Broadway, wasfce.? f ^ * * *. . .* .;. J . . ... .**.! i fingerscharge of the U. S. Marshal,, awaiting the action of our. bis place^with the other arrested parties, tw"0: of • battle-money, in ca*-e the men 'did not both appear, tomark of Mr. Stewart, eaid, on reliable authority, thaMr. Fillmore does not, and will not, support the Chica- which vl|a8 refused, wris to-day taken back to Memphis Govemmeht in the matter. !The captain and crew of- the man who should presenthimself'in the ring.at the. polkjomcn walked along beside him, arid piiiJchdu* , *go nominees. . . by Marshal CriiW, a requisition having been made in the slaver bark were prisoners on board the Crusader. in ti|e ribs and stomach'with the ends of their" clKg - which Kenned:' was charged with stealing 'jewelry Although the name of the vessel was Obliterated, i£ was time appointed. The men Acceded to the' proposition*Mr. MORRILL (Rep., Yt.} tookthe floor, when from 'hiawife.fj Afruitless search;was"made,for his statedin Havanathatshewas the Bogota, belonging and at once .left the city, and proceeded to Long Hewas,so-muchinjured'thathehadtoTwasft&tbd'iivtv 'to!New-York. Thecourtesyandcommiseration,mani- : thecarriage. Assoonasbehadtaken'hisseat'a're^ fested by Captain Mailit and the officers of the Crusader Island with a few chosen friends. •• • /toward the captured Africans was ttie theme of •parties'-' Although' the match was not made till 5 p. m., so in- volyer:was placed to his head by Pohcasnan Franci*'the beating about his head, he began to suffer pahx a. m. they began to more toward the selected battle- from 1is brokt n fingersr and begged to be pcrmtttedf toground by hundreds. At 4 in the morning, more thanThe Cahawba has on freight $224,000 in Mexican two thousand people hadasEembled oh the Centreville . officers, so that;.he could bind np his fingers. In IbisujnlccB it aboat 87,000lcaatliuii last year,same date. :-s . race track, where a ring was pitched. Before either J'rcishKH bave beeu more active," without attaining, the highb—•lij'Jwho dared to come 1ear them.man stepped up to the omnibus, and. though the pistols were all the time pointed at him, he succeeded in bind-' ing up Cleveland's hand witli a handkerchief as best be ' could, and bathing it in spirit from a private flask. I t was not;until the carriage was reacyto GlSrt that Mr.N«;\v-\'ork,-6Q dayb' sight, ffiU premium; isew'-I'ork, 3 diva'• LONDON PRODUCE MARKET.—No auctions andthe nomination of Mr. Wade, thinking that he was' scarcely any business!jirivately, but price3 unchanged for Sngar, new battle-ground, and a ring-was at once pitched onan Oppositiontfan Pranchsco, was taken from the table and elicited" paper, and long I an organ of the American party, 500 ladies and gentlemen, moved off into the middle ofrelating to the "ewlablndiment of a book depository inAt 2 o'clock, the Croton, haying on board upward of the"stream, and waited for the Adriaticto come out.: Among those on board were the Rev. Charles E. Harris, ibe^JRev. M^ Heston and lady of. Newark,, the Tie.v! Thos. Williams, I>. D.., President of thegoon.." .." dec-lines, for th a prepent," to plaw the names of, Bell and EveretoNlt tie head'of its columns.1A drunken man' now said something to the officers,insulting and indecent, and for which he should have been at once arrested: Other remarks from other* '. *parties, by no means- complimentary to the police, were made, but no attack was made on them, no stones were thrown as has been stated in some of the SundayDEMFmOFALBETtirIt was bn last iweek we were'reading in The Lon- Miftsonn University. Messi-s. Baker, Millard, Field,hours. At thy Folding in Henrietta street, Convent Garden, in itshalmieet day, when it counted round itswhen, in'response to the Question, " How long are you going to bo away V Jie vociferated, .'•' Tiil I comehe was beaten helpless. The assemblage made no remerely striving to gee away; the proof of siatunce, ~officers, it is supposed that.. they weni beyond Che..Ix>ndon life, ffffiMip Smith'might always•he %found among the earhest fh the accustomed chair, andtiielasfc to forsake*it. \lJfcjw years of such meetings, howeverfor Mrs.- Corbitt, to which they both responded by bowing and waving their hands.Three cheers for Capt. Comstock. brought from Mr; Corbitt the. acknowledment of the Captain, with theAs a hteraiy rian. Albert, Smith was best, alqaost wholly known by his book on "snobs," and he is generally considered by'ihope who most associatedofficer who struck him from behind a violent blow in THK DKRSY 2ACE—^THK AXKRICAN HORSB DOES message .that he felt highly conrplimeuted. Three the back of tlie bead with biii club, stretching him on. NOT WIN,—:The great English Derby race, <» whichi1'clockthismorning.AtthattinjetherewerenosignslieLasdrawncontinuouscrowds)towitness,butforftmcctingjandagleeclubwillheiuattendance,;.. Woodsatthotimebeingperfectlyhelpless,hisright t ' '.-•/' '•'•'•"Untitled DocumentCofi'ee, Tea. Itice, and Saltpotorv Scarcely any alteration in the the grass, about 40.rods distant from the Hotel. Both valne of Talloxv, Oils, or Metalu.CONSOLS.—Consols opened firmlv, and advanced. men were in.the hotel, and appeared ready and anxiousClosing quotations—Money, 95; account, 9i>j.•to fight. .givenforMr.andMrs.Corbitt, afterwhichtheentirewhomall blessingspolice were in earnest than with l m t p for an extempo- |for .which tbey should have been quietly taken into eustoo*yx^:SuddcnJy/. while the spectators, who bad gradually Mustered round Jto hear what the officersshould perhaps be rememl>erod that ;the .Metropolitan Police Commissioners are not repousible for < lie men now engaged in Police duty in Brooklyn. The Brook- lyn policemen, with very few exceptions, arcJfehe oldrt W'.W'.'AW-,-;.i-^^w.*^'*ii*k»m nfrit*"<> Iar^uafre used by Inspector Foik and his VANDERBILT.: raneous-battle, and.two young lads named Thompson men, it is impossible to report in these columns. It' '- ' m[By Telegrspli to Southampton.] and Donnelly prepared to fight, for it. The police,«\Mt&a^placea^ntbe omnihinvall heing grmrdea^hy police-eii with drawn: pistols. A number of oftlcers were[$$placedroundthecarriage,allwithrevolver?and<«m their hands. W e subjofu the names of theto fake plflcis in the 8th or the 9th Ward, Brooklyn, a sliarp lookout. The fighting party weo?efrom tbi*Three or four policemen wonld attack one man, Fifth Ward. They were seen to go tou^d-FlatbuaVcounty limits. The name of, one of tha principal*.is - back."' " ; ' . • . - '.' ; • ' ;• • slightest hurt, with the one Exception of Officer Tag- Blaney. jTlie.Sunday previous, a fight took place in;this lies in' the fact' that ho policeman suffered tlietheEighthWard,butso/quietlywasitconductedthat butt of a whip. No Other officer had a 'scratch. ' . none but those engaged knew anything about tilt all/ A man with' a water-bucket in hia hand, who was was over, and,the party bad returned'to the city*: 'walking away as fast as be could, VV;AS followed by au;••"'" MBMbeing broken and his head^afc to*o, QgJjpOl, \mr '*; • • ^r-be leveled at him here; and in order that thia matter "whether these witnesses Mr. Winvlow prxmosed to ex-may be properly placed before the House and df country, I a a y be allowed to comment upon the il tpnaic value of theevidence which tb» letter farnish«LIrlexfco Grande.and the» i o „ ,0-„nessec to mutters already before" the Committee, under n * *getrtleman (Mr. Covode) should never hafe- the resolution by which the Committee was ap-Albert Smith WHS married, some three years since,•.•, -•'.(;-.•ygaasHowedhmmelftoH-deceivedbysuchtra*hastbp. IJpointed.Here is a person who professes, over the signature^ - The resolution was" adopted,' 165 against 4. TheI>mMwm,Tosend a message of love to Sanders, and j nays were Mai tin of Ohio, Millwm, JievnoHs. and dollars Mid lef! Zricatecss for Tumpico, to he slL'-ppcd ing typos of English girlhood, whom Dickens delights CohbettacroesthebroadAtlantic.Towhom?Sstv-IStenton. .f thencetjNew.Orleansand.England. topaint.& fjfomSty w-Onr.KANs, Saturday, Jt&e 2, I860.„ingers knocked out of joint, and he bleeding profusely. ' C^her men werehronght in iu a similar eonditioa,Th^jrteamsl p Anstin, has arrived, from Jhe Brazo to the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Reeley, the celebratedKing: and VP6od8'1>o 'War VIOLENTCONDUCTOFTHE"...POLICE.-••club.2.0thufojjwitb.^4,000inspecie. V' r' dramatic^couple—-oneofthoeo.sweet,ripe,light,charm- A conijlBcta 1 vith one miliion and a half of Mexican ^>(<^i»ju»i>g'«ji«>»^<<<,.Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York... . . • . . - . • • „ , , y . ; . . • , . , • , . ; . . . V ; • \ - ; - . - - : / : r s ~ . ~ .13069 •:-"•:"/-:.'-'.^a-y-r-.-.Ti-~- >-<•:;www.fultonhistory.com§ 