 Qttta'taa* ir'wat anfaverable far the crepe.a Cb| report Boar nrm,andad.a In• t t h b a t l;ttte Sasiairy, a a i prieak weakt-^ed Tb' «.-»a.f-e v * bMvtb fc* d.ffcaargad from f-rtaor coo, a^^m ofthen * ^ « ^ ^JH^,. rfufr'rrij' f a r!Bb9it a p i s , under taatrwstioaOmce Brpartmen'. tob^ s e w same i s Summer afreetThe report thai the President auende remevisg Mr. Bart,the^ip^iaieaaentofPtabhe PrmUsg,tarfearhe nill pnrrhaai, Wendait prtaUsg ratohinhuunt far the |fiv«raBM>at, to amd to be a autonke. The asrrtaai «f Mr.a Id. better,thr people asked far their^rputoten, bat the aangcrar a>demand CsmanliclonedatWRH«*3*%foracroon*ex-dividend.AFFAIRS IN WASHIWGTOSWwainmw, June 24.1800. xxrenrnsc; TUBrcm.tr ataijnmwould nottake thecontract at that amount. Frank Blair nence in the State to accept of the position long enough toQ. What do they think of Yankee ladies* A That they wear boons. *power a a d prosperity .They have been emitted in their progress by the^ fixed principle of pro- tecting the equal rights of all. whether they he rich or poor Mo agrarian sent.meat has ever |»rev»:!edamongthem. The honest, poor man.byfru gaiity and mduetry, c a t ui any part of our country, ac- CJaire a competence for himself and his family, and in Cuing this he feels that he eat* the bread of indepen- dance He desires no charity, either from the govern- ment or from <Mn neighbors. Th.a bill, which proposes to give n.m land at an tumust nominal pr.ee out of the property of the government, will go Ear to demoraliie the people and repress this noble spirit of independence. It a n y introduce among us those pernicious social theofie* which have proved so disastrous in other countries.raa ntmen AJSD BXC._E*B I>I»T*CT-I.TT WITHmx cm-vans.astonishing inan infant, leaves bishome with an axe onhis snouMer for Btinoto. While yet at a tender age, hebecomes midshipman on a flat boat, and iHnllagnaahmfelm Kin and onhativenasB. A drive through the Centralaaif. B e deserts the service, flings his commission to the Park and a took at the Crotoo Aqueduct wound up the excursion. In regard to the Japanese Sabbaths. Sanoit JotnMr. M„AJTP u ajm BTBBT-A BWW arttv* A CAPITAL LKTT?ntfJeoree A Fowter, of OcU'ord, writes wiitr date af June12.1*0—Pertni;metosriT tr ynr. that M-s WlN(*LOW*880OTW IM, hi'RCFluxarianprr<*^<mitelsab*wukne.ma-rsssr ciwonaers hav^ ascetameri ra tnems Ths, u, tbe l m ' ^ sa a thirty-five years drug business, t W I kavr nnitoi wsj a sseBV ciaeformtnmirBe<y!qnaiiaes Iurver.bef•i-rthis,wroteai*>c<•mmendation o any paient medlnoe I know act etwnptattiotiis.hutIbeliev*e»p<>Tf«^-tly aarmleasanI know tl gives toe greatest Situafacuou to parmtt, and i affording relle" and niiietude wttbo;:* anj unpleasant etTenBto a Mnwaakeered, t i nCtaratabl Majaast and an. lower, with a bettor mqary, Mart are too highly appmaatoi by the Preawtent tot BBt. ttf . yellow, 2k. Pi a 33a., whJto 34*. irrwwvtXH. rEOvTST0> MAMEBT.'ajanav Park qBai}- •ana steady, laid quiet m TaDow!ttdace baa totniakefanekathaf.The drstfvee ng aananaantat aaas whichPast Omee Ihieienry b «Ihaaga, to far the reatonuuon of the taail service dSGcotianed b y Pmihaaater HoltwTi^'tTT*,"'*' ""*di*r«t «***«»*Chri*- —fto»*» PPfeBt by their example The liaama aad**ane bare fbr the anarc anipsai if AM a." " Pre»Lovtos, .Time 14, 1§M,and others insisted that the Department could carry the entiremaioverlandanderthepresenttow,byimprovingbe voted upon COKPUISTAaoeoraxFaaanaa.—ThefarmerswhosePrivate advices hav been received from an intelligentgentleman residingatahaegbae.broughtbythetestoutl Corn—iw!es6,300bushelsWesternmixedatAV,and5.000Drimnc« of HedUree,from Europe to a genttemisn whowas not long since Min- ister to China, giving some important particulars respect- ing the condition of adairs. in China, growing outof the contemplated eapethuuc against that empire by England and France.bit-hel* round yeiiow at 66c. a 67c. Mkuatsc.Wool in the street atOMWXSO, June 23—6 P. M. Wheat heid generally above tht- views of buyers: sales 6,000 bushels Milwaukee club at SI 25 Corn u. good uemand aad market better: sales 60 ooo bushels a t 58>;c. a 50c., including a cargo t o arrive Great preparation:- are being made by the Chi on private terms. Oats, barley and rye nominal. Canal neat, and they are confident of their ability to resist freights firiwr. but without change in quotations Lake imports—62,1100 bushels wheat, 56.500 bushels corn, 000 huabeis r y e . Canal exports—1,100 bbls flour, S.0O0t h e invaders. They were threatened with internal troo hies, which canned considerable alarm; but the impression prevailed that they would not fee of a «ertons character, and wooid b e easily suppressedlapstreak boats. First prize ST5. second prise630llano RAOB—Distance three mites. For six oared aad four oared topstreak boats. An allowance af thirty-three seconds for the whole distance will ee given by the sixoared boats First prne 8100 second prize 650.FOCKTB RACE —Distance three miles. For six oared and four oared shell boats. Same allowance as in the thirdhas been arranged and will be made in a few days, the Harriet Lane, being placed at the disposal of the Japanese.THX BBCBTTION BALL,to be given, that evening, was the town -talk y*=t*»rday,and the applications for tickets are ar- numerous as ever.Tickets for thto ball, at twenty dollars each, wereyesterday advertised for sale, and if, as th " committeeluaeties' Drees Otanpa Wear a n d Benati- CbL-opodnt m. Braaaway Batonto fnl styles at Ux'KITT HON A CO 'S 251 Fulton street, of ton ear.Brooklyn. Trimmings made to aiateb.thesw^bhnrhoodoftheBantIndiasquadron,aswellasat bushri- wheat.166JSSSbasbeto corn,3AM bushelsoatsShipment*—-660 bbto. Boar, 260 bushels wheat, T8.000 noancitiaensmdiwooertyrequire bushelscorn.0 TwoorOfjRRboatsroundingtheupperstationatthe the English fattc at Niagara has been arraxig-^1,and Mewfork,andISFultonareet.Brooxlynsame time, fflBbide boat muni keep off. and give the a large force was engaged yesterday in arranging theii*ideboatdanwBentroomtoroundwithouthittingthe decorationsofShegardens,vestibulesandrooms,and Mbtskey^-H.T.Balfs •tatekpSaltstake. Any outside boat crowding the inside boat will late tost evening the adornments began to assume some, river Bourbon, said by an droggtou. HBOKMAM A Co..protection,andwhereittoeeryprobable allouravails b«r.naval force m ay be aeeded.rmt saunas awesotx.t h e s t a t e n a a n t t h a t t h e r a f t e d S t a t e - , s t e a m e r S w i i n o l e ,CrteMat. KEWVOiUtVS.BASTM1WTOSA.OnSit-riaytheannualmatchbetweentheNewYork amiBast NewYorkCricketClubswasplayedontheluae its chance for the prise. what of the appearance which they will present this 10 Boats in returning must paa? between the judges' evening. The invitations to the bail have a!i been dto-Noa161MStilami736Broadway,K.T. OpalDeatalltaa^TheHieoatArticle torwhich ben bean ordered U> t h e Brazilian station, s unfit•w sea ssmee, • aotanbatantiated by the facts. Two of ground of the torterelnb, aad resulted in thevictory ofmember of the Board of Judges can be seen, until the ever given in this country. Presuming that many of our evw*ugofthe2dofJuly Rookswin"be ready foren readershaveb«toBfo-tunateenough t>obtaintickets,wePar Billions. Vnatmlemt and other Co- o-a.i.-erusecpreparations Tbeybarebwsa<«nw«aM toae-itmctors in the service hare recently •>xaaa>natMin of this veagel, and hare reto .the Kavy Deparaaent that abe m every wayexecutive session last night coanrmedventure th e advise to aU ladies aad eentletnec to go tothis ball with as little of outer clothing as possible. There beat and m oa effeetanl remedy known Their aetton a«n theCrimean war, na» been awarded to K. B. Jewen. Freuencka b doofBaBaki _ - _Aataangaftartfensbeenmadeherethissession byMas real estate owners of State street, Boston, to .keep th e feet dehor Hat loag agony abwet Cis tocatma. at thePont Onhceto trmr Mr.alley, of ••—iirhiaw.ilIs,on Cbawim..e a n rhat-OOtoan and Pott me anbject was apeciaRy rafbrawd dscidea,oae nwwvaent tow of by a lobby paaa for by raniRsbbc andb Cnyp ; b.Caypc.andb.Light. net outS. areas'psactlywkatyencandbaaat. FOWLBBA _ to R. but the greater portion, after pasting the door- l c g n a . 3 * Broadway-way, loitered in She La" casing at the photographs <«f v arious actors and actresses in various scenes and char as-: ters, adorning either s d e .The eanmases canmeoced at eight o'clock, aad after the usual religious server* consisting of sawing and reading of the Seriptares,Mr U** offieed upaprayw, in whichbe tevoked the blessing of the Ahnigbty upon our Or'°ntelaad upon the rotations existing between the two countries.After which Mr Goat read fix hto text the sixtyPaahn ofBavin,firstandsecond versa*—"God JuneSB.bytheBsv.WitfaaxaE. Bjcburn, Mr6. Abwa*•baton, shoaid reaatoa at fane until March 4, Wardletron out Radfbrdb Wilby .laal. ansapeCiag Postanaater Oapen to remaintttState Stokesfe.freaencka. The Pent OBMe Comaiittee authoriirt Mr. ABey Lajht b . Fi-edericka.C. Plummer h.: b. Wilbyb. Wilby..... 3 .. T .. 1 ..Sart a halite the Bsnw4 was referred toB a Sharp a ' T b.. 3 b. Wilby.bemerctfUitous.aortMew,us,aadcausethelightofHto face to shine upon us," A c.We were a nation, be amid, totrhtehaT other aatiaw of them, a toaganil never heanyof a s . l a respect to be might wall aae the words of thetext, That na* by toe Bniusni1' at present amongst us, the a*er(a3«Bn>•erviee,IttoprobablethatthePrestdeatwillvetothebill There a a bra* demand, hut rates amgeneiaBy ua- rather than have a rapture in bis Cabinet.tureantknaknaaandrallythemasses apsaOldAbehave thehintsoplainlygiveninthefollowinglist:—For the inJbrmaiton of those desiriag to know the ha-proved futile. The Chicago nominations did aot suit at bits aad custom.- of the Japanese, the following questionstwooclackthe» to said theSenaterveeakinaesithevotewherebyit "Doyeawere, to « h > C B * * refers each canons krter-regntor. The fi»r*»to atonal .**•* *** Bat furnishes a fiufsample of the quest IOBS osuafly afatfd b f ti«ae who come to theMetropotttaa toseetheJapanese,aad wesupposeit tospreadoar gives quite as fair aa idea of the setafaction whichaf athat God attended in this w a y •d ChrmiaartytoJapan In<>*#* means af civiltoiagthe wouldagreed to the amendai-nt to prev-at the Postmaster Grs* ril fram natgnin«fartpmoemtheCabmet. IttoaaaaJbti the qneafaoa may heaettiad before the Bonne adjourns toTothree Ihimaml dollars a year "replies;—-;Yea, air forthecuriousa charge, and who have other and moreand, in moat oases, silly questions ft towlahea to -mdlinli thto country, b eidtraadaof thetaarityareiaaaa»Atadrr••BP t^BBBBrrVa, ITOIB l a W rHMaMamaVI' Wk IBBBW BWBV.*MBM a^sBBsfl sTlTWi,1at two o'clock, without farther will be token to Carvaryanarrenrbyaeoamitteeofcanforenw; batittodoubtful, firm. Tea steady at Is *Sd.for as theBoone will msiat jpoa rentoratioB,wb.le the Senate* a 2a parHe thought it wrong that no aaaafiton was amdeefgreat 1-ving God in the President's message to tan fiha-baasy—it would seem firam that aaaaaaaat that there aaa The relatives aad friends af the tardy are no God but James Buchanan. The Japanese sat in theirhotel opposite, aad, watching the crowd, aaw the sanctityoftheSabbath day,whichwasoomaaaaded bythegoodbonk of the Chrtotiaas to be kept holy, violated by thosevery Christine, whocollected outside to Stare aad gapeatthem. OntheirfirstSabbathinthiscountrytheywere taken to visit Fort Monroe, with music and banana awntbs aad SB days ^ ^ ' ^ ^ "BLACKBnecnsucanaai a*Nsw BheLaan—There isnodts- Usee ftrtn and l i d ag apvrardn Tai- dimculty stares the Senate in the lace. Should th» desafe fpiisrag Bto fart that sa the effort* of the leaders of theetty.eal to the 86th year af h e ageimiO. 3d I f ftiulefa pigjtofi. LGMBOMauKxrnussatr.stated that t h t l m h a s already saved the Naval Commis-sioners a vast deal of trouble and annoyance, and It is to recede and agree to the Hooae smendaeat restoring the black republican party in the Rastera States to manufac- be boped that those who call at the Metropolitan will takefuneral, at fit Pinpa •'• ehnrch ..aadChrystaictusaged CocnatoclosedonTuesdayat•»•%farawaa, — di»lfinBd.T « l 1ATBBT BLUsTaMf*.U*mn?ooi, Jcap 14—P MCWk»—SaH*. two dayx, NABS bates, including SAt* to epre/.utors aad exporters, the aavrkni ctostsg doll and «i«hslined.Import 9.3BSbates. prwioenly, 38S14 bain.•atrady Wheat—Upward tendency. rizing an extension of the contract till the out. (ten. Wilson, who was selected as their standard4th of March at the present rate, which to bearer, positively declines to run aa their candidate foandanswersarewrittendown:—Q fan I ear the Ambassadors? A. No.Q. IsTonuaw a prince? A. Not as yen knowson they would be culpa'ole did they not send out miaaieaarms Q. Why uaa'11 seethe Eaaaf«* A. 'Cause they arein- there. He hoped that the President would send consulsonly gSO.flOG per year, besides the Provwuas e,uiet and steady. Lard tnn and in goad Railroad chargr. Horace F. Clark asm the•and them0- Can they eat rice* A . Yes sir-roe.Q. Do they apeak English* A. Nottoo muchQ. Is the Tycoon here* A. Well h e to. QBowmanywiveshashe* ANonebuthisown.Q. Are thee fond of champagne* A Ask Letaad kamongtheawayvnhmbi*itemsinthebillmtbetate- bratod E. E . Collins elaia.The Preaideat yeaterdny sent foe Mr 0MA«, Chairmaa af the Bonse Committee en Post Offices, and urged the passafe of some bill aothoriatag the Postanwnee Geeerat to coatrnrt temporarily for an ocean ami! service to Oali-find, andtheycannot,itseems,bereaderedacceptable. The Spnngfieid •aaaSManB, which b a t probably more in flueace mthepartythananyotherpaperinNewEngland. aays—"Bepubiicantoni to so dead that, as a party, w • reaBy lack the stimulus to a healthy excitement."daoghterofTbnothyandJalaLenry,wadIi 5BLSOK Barcnucaxaat nt Masornt.—It is very evident thattheamahshowthatblack republicanism,under,th as heretofore stated, Mr Sherman presented a bill autho- cloak of opposition, has made in Missouri is about dyinvistble. Q.WhatdatheyliveoafA.Onthegoods thegodsand ambassadors to that country w h o were n o t politicians butChristiangentlemen Inronrlusioc.hebeggedtore- mind them that each aae bad a duty to perform s o far a s their relations with the Japanese were coasider.NiAMXSICAK VlfiXTRSS TO JAPAN. TOIBKESTOSOFTH*mTBALD.Nsw Yoax, June S3. lBfif.I have tees a statement in the papers that the ship Mercator, Capt. Cooper, carried a number of wreckedmrnto. Mr.toifaxlaidthematterbeforetheBouse,andthe St Joseph amiPtaeerville route up to a daily hhe. As tends are located in thevicinity of cities and villagesarerams.Q. Do they commit the Hankim* A They did yes-terday.Q Howhntay sunds have they* A.IAsk the codk.Q. Are they much impressed here* A. Oh! frequently. QWhattotheirreligion? A Bunkum.Q Why don't they wear shoes* A They don't likethe smell of leather.Q.Whendotheyleavehere? A.Whentheystartforhome.Q.Howdofibeysleep* A Byshuttingtheireyes Q.Whatdotheylikebest* A.Tobeletatone.WhoisRangonokamir A.AJapanese. Q Is he smart? A. When the skin is effA.Thebigteleecopea two-thirds rote was required to introduce thebill,and amajority votedagainstasuspensionoftherales,it fhiled. and is no* beyond resuscitation.complaining bitterly over the loss of their rail fences. In sometonalitiesthehellshavebeenliterallystrippedof every rail upon them The rails are used by wide awake clubsasargumentsinfavorofthesuccess ofoldAbe Lincoln.by Mercator Cooper The friend* of thefamily are respectfully invitedto at- The M. was the first American ship that ever entered tend tbe ftaneral, fron- tht- reeieeooe of ber pan-ate. Me. 68ItmaybeconsideredcertainthatthePostOfficeDefleiency bill is= kwt, a s there to n o probability that a quo-rumwillbepre»*ntto-morrowintheRousetograntanotherconferencewiththeSenateaathatsubject,sadevenwerethicaccorded,thebitwould notreceivethePresidentg approval should the clause for the ship of John Wentworth, andiscalledtheblackrepub- restomtics of the suspended mall service be retained. licans proper; thesecond is known asthe fiat iron taction,thebayofJeddo. CaptainCooperprocuredageneral chart of the coast of Japan, which hecarried to Amster- dam,whitetherebeexhibitedthechartoaboardthe ship, aad w a s ftnaally prevailed upon to take R eabare,Princestreet,Brooklyn,tha(Monday)afternoon,atbam o'clock.SPADBX —On Sunday June 34. ftm is Tiananan. aafij child of Jeremnfa V and Mara L. Spader, aged 1 year, B m<'Lth? and 6 daysletters will be addressed on Monday aborning to thenmtm oftheSenatesummoningthemtomeetonTues-day, the 3btb instant at twelve o'clock H , for the des- toft the Hojse it provided for various reforms, such as the ter's Polka," '• Honest Old Abe's Quick Step," and the charge of the Invitations.patch of necessary bu*ine*< It la understood they will act bane several treaties before them.ran TOO or na HiMK.-rr.Ai> s n j .The Pirain nt'a veto ut*« the Horm-steed bill to an abletnv--.-nv.K-.oa of seeds, cuttings and blanks at scent an ounce, and for dealers to send packages o f newspapers a t pro rata rates.Fear to expressed tonight that there will not be s quo- ram intheBoose to-morrow. Ifso, thePost OfficeDeosong o f the '• Handsome Man.''CAjroroATK rox GOVKKSOS n FLOSUKA —Co!. John McMilTHE JAPANESE AT CBTBCH.On Saturday Dr. Eawaski, Sano Kawaye and Sakamoto, applied to Major Leland to engage him to escort them to church yesteafiay Jbut when the time camej both Sano and Sakamoto, on account of slight colds, preferred fol-FrancMTO. Gal . O) the 60th year of h*> ag»B'auui—Un Saturday, June 3 » . 1'Arena W aun, aged S tyean,.The relations and friends af the familv are reapectfafiginvited to attend the funeral tb-* fMonday) afWaoaa, « two o'clock, from h a late reaid.--or. T2 OUter streetfit leKJCA.TuAa SSOfJ AAT nrBOTBHsT.B fttWASR aa*e 80 per aaa*. Aattakidocument, and dnYnaaes at length itsinjuriousandunriiasijtatamal ptei SHOPS. He ma.ntaws that tlus bill ch-Dcy bill will fall sorely. It to currently reported thatlis, the democratic candidate for Governor of Florida, isone of the delegates who seceded from the CharlestonConvention, and is a Georgian by birth, residing a king lowing the example of their compatriots, whodoes aot make an absolute donation to Actual settlers, huttrial the price is an aaaaii that it can scarcely be called aSalt-. He quotes largely from his veto message on the teen m;li:on contained ir. the bill will be so much saved Agrrultorii bill in February. 1*38, aud reiterates the for other purposes. Had Congress granted a loan instead opmioa thea expressed against the power of Congress to of only authorizing the reissuing of shin plasters to re-make duaauuna of atone; already in the treasury. raised by ton* on the people, either to States or individuate. The effect of thy* bill, he says, on the public revenue must be apparent to all. The Secretary of the Interior esti- mates the revenue from public lands for the next fiscal year at four^million dollar*, ou the presumption that the present system would remans unchanged. Should this bi.l become law, he does not believe that one tn>|lk»fi will be armed from this source, fie closes by saying thatdeem the issue of .tost Congress, there would probably be an desire to prevent the passage of the bill in question.Trial Trip of the Pa water. PHzunsLntLtt June a t , 1860.The United Plates steamer Pawnee, which left the navy yard on the 18th inst. for a six days' cruise, returned rather prematurely yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock, in consequt cce of some derangement in her machinery.Birney, t h e distinguished abolitionist.Tmc HI>CSTO> PAETT.—CoL Wilcox, who was a soldier inthe Mexican war. and some years since a member of Congress from Mississippi, is on the idturnp in New Orleans in favor of Sam Houston for the Presidency.pare our manner of conducting upon these occasions with that of the Japanese The doctor had a wooden leg present- ed to him yesterday, a bonnet for his little daughter and a pair ofshoesfor his wife Cpon the return of the doc- tortothehotel threetoi theEmbassy,accompaniedby oneof theartfeHs, visited Trinity Church, between the services, examined the organ- and the chimes, andThe doors will b e open at eight o'clock: dancing to c o m meace at nine o'clock. On behalf of the Committee.F I. A. BOOLE, Chairman. J. BATTJBVB MATTIRWR, Secretary.NOTICETODBmCRSOFVKHTfLBS.To STAGS Puornnerou* AMIDRITKBS, ASP OWXXBSABO Damns or OTHKB VKHICLBS.—This evening, at and after eight o'clock, all stages and other vehicles going south will leave Broadway at Bteeckerfctreet. and go throughMercer street to Spring street Vehicles going north will go through Spring street to and through Crosby street.The General Superintendent of Police is hereby re quested to enforce the above regulations. By order of the Committee F. I. A H00LE. Chairman.J SKYBOCB MATHXWS, Secretary.nes —WOOD.TBDDY A CO.,aaiimil snavnoxTAn DavAWA— l*iIIACLASSNO _9,13,73,63,10,44,40.32,63,29,6a,62. PaxA Wisa OniSB No 860. "Jinn a 138037, 39, 54. 48. 60, 71, 33. 1. 49, 57, 4, 52, 9. Circularssentfreeofcharge,byaddreaangecnertoWOOD. RDDT A CO.. Wunungton. Delaware, OrtoWOOD.EDDTACO.,atlouto.Mtonwirt.RAAHDT IB••tie people ofthe I/uuci Stales have advanced with Inalloth-Trespects shehad proved herselfa first class steady feat rapid str:>. s to their present condition of sen going vessel. Her machinery will be examined aadOla Abetoborn He suffers from teething and a bad" nusp " He desert" said " nuss." and, with a spirit examine their clothing, and fired away at the usualThePostMontebillmayalsoberegardedaslost. Asitare called " The Wigwam Grand March," " The Railsplit- policemen are unable to open a passage through tt» applicants,w.thatIeingettotheCouncitmeo whohaveWAFWICV.—OnF'idav,June32.n»arRncknwav,L1, matter under what circumstances the same may have JOHN WARWICK, ret., lent of H*rlem, K V , toteofdaathe government desire the bill to £kut from the fact thatfor Congress, and living subsequently at Mobile and in New Orleans.little, and pasfiri|i, the day in smoking and sleeping. The (doctor was taken to Dr. Chapin's church, and lis- tened very attentively to an excellent sermon, in whichthere is very little money in the Treasury, and the thir-readjusted by Messrs. Beaney. h'enfie ItCo., who built it, and she will go an another trial trip about IIthis weak, preparatory to her sailing for Vera Cruz.Affray in West SprimajMeld, Btass. enexnonaxa, Jane 34. IBM.Janin Terry and wife, of West Springfield, got into an altercation this morning, when the latter struck him on the head with a hatchet, aad finished b y drowning him in the Connecticut river. Jealousy on the part of the hus-cated at thetimeMarkets.ALSAVT, Jane 23-^* P. MFk>ur :-. gnod request and firm; sales 1.400 bbls. Wheat' sa.it-93,000 bushels prime white Michigan at gl 50. 800 bushels white Genesee at SI 15. and 4 800 bushels t'.»iiM'i J club a $1 aBf.; (lata dull, but firmly heldi sales 1JU0 bushels State and Canada West at 40*^'c. a 4 0 ^ cchampagne and lager, allowed the curious Teutons toband wasthecause of the difficultyF.our firm but uc"hangedby Capt. Potter, will embark on Saturday ofBoth were utloxt The woman is under arrestwar, opposes the American soldiers and got his mileage He goes borne and is driven into obscurity by an indignant constituency He is picked out to run at the head of the abolitionmachineforPresident,and anxiouslyawaitsthe result.Regatta ia Bo*ton. Jaly 4.The city government of Boston will give a grand regat- ta oa Charles river, on the Fourth of July, to which they have invited boats from all sections. Arrangements havebeen made with the steamers Plymouth Rock and Com monwealth to aonvey boats and crews from this city to Boston and return free of charge. The following pro- grammeoftheregattahasbeenpublished:—ran about more like children than grown men. Tommy dressed himself in his new American clothes and paid Oapt. Porter a visit, but kept himself out of sight of the spiesandthehigherofficial.-,asiffearfuloftheresult of his detection in the barbarian garb. One of the Japanese expressed a fixed determination to purchase a balloon, and Kawayedesirestoadvertiseforamodel ofa steamship ior his prince.THX nWPARTTKK OF TH1 JAPA.VK.SRs BOW definitely fixed. A nortion o f their baggage will be taken to the Niagara to any, and the ship, s full ac-count of which w e gave yesterday, is now ready to re- cei'.eherpassengers. TheJapanese,asweare informedDnwlBfi of Fraate.Brondbeats d»Go.*a attendingitsuse. Yoursrespect!ui.y.bushelb wheat, 8,SO© bushels corn, 1.500 bushels oats.DR. TOBIAS TRNnTIAir LCMBTRKfT OniversallyacknowledgedastoeBranPi CnraraTSkt Mueteenth nenturv Instant relief in eseaa afn i t — , Oaue, Craaan. Ilmanaa. frjsnaim jthai flesh is beir to Hold by all druggista Depot 88buutt street Pnce Sfi and 80DKKSLOW 8 BFKZINRPOP! UK L'WtFTLANDCKB ? AMo US Broadway, and Druggjit* geaeraayBrFF»i.o, June 23,1360 Flnar ftrni a n d in good demand:tales S.000 bbls.,at $ 5 a $512*.forextraState.*5LISasoB> for extra Illinois and WiseooMn-IB Z1% a §662>g forextra Indiana aui Ohio, and $6 a BFM) for double extra do Wheat teas firm and retard business generally. Matters, how- but in fair demand: antes 50,000 bushels, at t l 16 a SI ITBroohJyaMinuuurre, <awnets Impenlla and Life &ns. Two fortyIt wan already manifest in busmen? and commercial cir- tbat the antK-ipatrd troubtea would hare a ft"pressingrace. First prise S175, second prize S75. of prizes SSTSTotal amountJ(aah FultonCt. B . Sla*At *k Co.'s CelebratedEUiptic BroadwayRrxaa AXT>Rnurrutnoim.—1 Two guns will be fired forever, were progrenajug futisJactorily, so tar as American wa'jkee eTub, SI 'JO for extra do . and SI 25 a SI 2T for each race, the firal fur butt* to come iuto line, the second course follows that all these tickets offered for sale mustO H . OOLLIKS,430torChiciigo spring andRacine club, SI16forNo 1MU cttiaenswereconcerned,azuieverydispositiontw evinced red winter Com quiet nates 10.000 bushels No. 4for the start.2. All boats may carry a roicwair or not, as they m ayselect; and each crew must be uniformly dressed.3 Each boat must bedesignated by the number they draw, which number must be placed in some conspicuous place on th. 'boats, where it can be easily seen The num- ber will be supplied from the judges' boat on drawing forpositions.4 The various boats will come to the judges' yacht athalf-past eleven o'clock, and draw for position.6 Attwelve o'clock a gun will be fired for the wberbe bogus The committee have a private mark upon the regular ticket*, however, which they assert has not and cannot be imitated, and this will enable them to identify thebogus tickets, noholders ofwhich will, under any ctrcumstaaaee, be admitted The Committee have reconsidered their action in regard to the supply of wine at the ball, andthe guests will betreatedjust taiesameas though the city af New York were a private citizen enter- taining his friends. Thto will be good news to biaxy of our city httoitmt, who seemed ina v a i lfallIilinoto at 55c. Oats steady: nates 5,000 bushes at M c Whisxey nominal atSOc. Canal freight* firm at age,on flour, lie. on wheat and 10c. on corn to New York.Ctxcnnaxt, Jane 23, I860 Flour—Prices irregular, at St SO for superfine Whiskey, ll^c Bacon, tc.a i0J»c Lard in bbto., 12c. Menspork Sift a S19 25 Money market easy; sight exchange on h e w York % per oast premiumat awn fit to cut down the appropriationslIce by the Secretary of the Nary to so small a Cotton—Sale? to-day Ms)bates; prices irregular. Flouraf Pi ifi—iFOWXSatffinlBMat theTGJL KOTICTOSOD S BTRTA TOBC.BSST BTRDrL'M F 0 3 ADVBXTioIMn Forby the Chinese to adhere to and carry out the provisions of aha treaty with the rsited Htaua.Many were n***—* that aomething would y e t b e done go settle —ttrn between groglsnd sad China, sad thusavert the impending ui&witors. AimomiATtosn rat i n narr.THE GP.F.AT b?AJTLSH TEA OK WiU aePlTBUitRaTD OK WFDNR8DAT MRZX ForTHF TMTED STATUS, CUBA. KKXI.'O AndALL PART*, OF AOLTH Aarenrgn,THK. BBRT ArvVRATTJAIIIf. U&D1UX. ADADvgirrisKirKiirTs TRAirrLATKO rasBL AndsMOTICRD TF E*>!TOR*AX, OOLCalNS AFAIA TP.ZAL la nOLWr f*..fwr in time {<*- havana steaaser Ofaoe U AasiEVERT STJMBTFR THR DBMAMD FOB Ht* eeietrnted.*•martBiCeramrirsK ftsifoundtobeMa on'v certxx prrserration of bodily strrwgta Curing a Wber.theetmr^nhereisra.;cu;«adtf.urfitr*afeniag<tude and mdigeatioii The worst eases ef DsarrbnanM ertery give way tc itspetes: tocuewae Inniiamrsblr porai whoarenewalireandwell,atoatbaaktoeilBimaniiMi, M will almost entirely preclude the repairing of r aattU tor sen service, which are abaotatety re- vanoos stations. It to very wnwtoe tegwlation en the part of Oongrca The Secretary regreu this thesteady, at 66 40 a 85 60 for superfine 32 -v Tobaccvcioseu firm; choice light and Exchange unchanged.Molasses, 26c , a fis^c. Freightsstart.6. The other racee will take place in regular order, withas little delay a s possible.T. Any boat taking aaotner boat's water, thereby canstog a coiitoion, will be ruled out.8. Boats will round the upper station from starboard toannouncement yesterday that the ball was to be con- diwted upon the temperance principle.THX BM0OBATIONSwBA m e prtrUege of CO.. 498 BroadwayFloorq>; na n dunchanged.Camioo, June SB, I860Wheat quiet a a d declinedfbr the ball are almost complet"d Doors have been cutthrough from th* hotel dining room to the saloon. Del-mano's fine scenic representation of Church's picture of elune tt the bato friend of the famllv Office 686 BroadwayNsw Owxaaaa,Jane S3 1860ries to come into line. A second gun will be fired for the sore distress on account of the BBUALD'81 %c.: hates at f t 06 S from store. Corn declined %c. aA drawer dksnore anrtog to the present compiKated state of sflhirs in lc U a » steady at 26c. Receipts—600 bbto. Sour, 12,500 larboard.theNewYorkers by twenty-two runs. Asitwass one day's match, the game was decided by theresult of the first incline*. The o*y being remarkably San, there was a large attendance or spectator* on the ground to witness the play. Wilby, Bray and Higham, on the side of the S e e Yuri. Club, batted magnificently, white t o r oewung of the former sad the wicket keeping of the totter elicited geoeral admiration On the part of theEast New Yorktries on and after Wednesday, June 20. to boats from all placm Entries free.The races openiies: also. Cholera Morbus aad all Spaamodi.- AjfaetMoa of t i eknowtodne tb> clsina of fins Bum upoc tae eeanaontay Soid by si. rmilitary, naval and civU. among>. First regiment of envalry to b e (lab. Bedford Wntaon. Cnyp and Reach made a good de-Am ArtSele BarMessrs. William Terrell and Simon Newcomb are at the given, if the orders of those m charge of the matter are WOOSPS Hair Stoananttoa It aevw fafto to iColonel by Brevet, for mer.tonous and dis- U> ran the boundarythe laned States and Mexije to date firoaa OcChsrchwell'- simtoatiim a s shatter to Boaehwas, and George W Nichateauo'sConeul to Tarta were km by san-acticn.contract far anaravmg the aanahmatoan to the reports of Majors DehuMd and Mersacaifence at the wick, t. The neidmg on their aide, however, Window Bouse, in this city, and will leave oa Tuesday, June IB, by RBrbaakh Bed river line of stages, apaa awa* far inferior to that of their opponents During aa in- journey of one thousand miles northwest of St. Paul, for terval of the same the players aad their friends partook the purpose o f observing, with astronomical instrument-.arr a aenaui pfereaare of «atBs •complied witt fftiis evening, then, the Japanese will prrfctly a>any age. Depot ant Broadway, aad a$d every waer*. BARNk> A PARA, wbr steaanof aa elegant darner. proviaea by Mr.Reed,of the Bownrd Hotel, which is upon the cricket ground. The date of the return match is a o t y e t finally agreed upon. T h e follow- ing is the scire;—the eclipse of the sun. on the 18th of July, at Cumber- toad House, in the interior of British America.They proceed b y appointment from t h e Nautical Alma- nac Office, established b y t h e Navy Department o f t h e Ynited State* a t Cambridge, Ma.- achutettw. under t h e charge of Coaimander Charles H Davn, United States Army.The eclipse will b e total to u belt o f t h e continent, whose southern limit is from t h e mouth o f t h e Columbia river netbweet to the entrance of Hudson's Ray And white ebaai laliaas will be made oa the Pacific and At- lantic coasts, it baa been thought highly advtoabte to have a report from Central Brittoh AmericaThe gentlemen named bear tetters from Sir George Simpson, Governor McTnvtoh, o f Fort Garry, and other officersoftheHudsonRayCompany. Theirroutewillbe b y stage to neoiantown. b y steamboat to Fort Garry, b yLake Winnipeg, and up the tu Cumberland Boude, whicatjtofin.03 » They hope toai-comphahthe to Fort Garry inSee Manhattan anon the'-tbe light, faatas'ic toe." May theweatherbefavorableandthedisappointmentsfew.©Tit JAPtKBBs ,t 1B1TMW. BTORAII.T CONSTOCACO— 8XKMO*STTHEBIT.CHA3.C.BOSS.The Rev ChaaC Goes preacbeo a sermon at the French theatre last evening on the above subject, in which he considered t h e unties devolving upon re in regard to our Japanese vis;tent- The outside of the theatre, which m the worshipping place of a religious body called the Evan gelical Union, was thronged during the afternoon and evening by a number of persons eager to get a glimpse of the Japanese in She windows of the hotel opposite. A few of thecrowd,attracted bythenoticeofMr Goes sermon at the entrance to the theatre, entered the building toCristadoro'sHatr Bvjre,BFlara aadTom- pees. The beat in the wou-kt Waoleetie sad retail and tae Dye privately apphed. at ho 6 Aator House-Will It aPfikfrf** Try it,year head asamlned, wBha fall m Bba dKbAFT* KPRrso AjrnSVMUXM, •verypereaacannowasaketawi by ito oaaia B. ecala. 61 and 61 snaa 'srta ral '<t OetieralMepnMRBtutooaareet.Bcibys>.iRkfnhiEAATOAA, CREAM ,ICR PtTCHXRtf A P DaxwToatCLun. Sharp c Bedford, b. AndrewiBray b- Light Sprvevrun out Haliiere b Redford Hicham b dr. Wilby b. Ijgbt.. 2 .. S3 .. 1 .. 1 .. S .. 26 .. • .. 2 .. t .. • .. • .. ISa thnausg a low pneoa at• 'Theonlytrcly nslfcuo. raacnas. (>Ar Soldbyal.t iiMianDweHmss. SILL,, ft etoaead by t e n MO Ct'RB tK> P A TTbtolFwtttCaypfe. Fredertoaa. Bsnrfah Wilby.... BawardCBpiveyhnefct ....ILX BRATT CAPS ofaVF AMD UUT] sTsanaaaFnaaafafiBtoata aaana, aanay • s * y o«i«- new Gatoe now ssashng (ran asaaanSORE AMDTXFDKR C'^ed a aoe nsxnt to alOarZRA COnPAFT OP OOGATAC •to agent. The iTHInnsif Brabdyi •say be snaspiad at toe wtoe CBafijW uby...........10, byesIS..26Wides 12, byes 7, a. b.at. Higham b Sharp. .10 tarty af ChtbokcM l b w b Sharp1 a Ptummerb.Bray•«1 c Mummer b Wilby. .. 4GaasaeantoMtosfcamC,daughter ofthetoteJ HerBowse—On Sunday morsins. Jane fit. JOB* Bowna. n na*. . e o 'Queens county, Iretnuf. a th/ BMhy«arof hto age.to attend the funeral, from a * late rwiaance, h o . SSI of their flimwitol toteeesta B e weald ask If Watt Twenty errentb atoaat, thto fMondny J afternoun,the ttk aad 6th July,between the boars of ear aad twoo'ciookBUM- —Oa Saturday, June S3, ABSBBVK , sano'' B elavctbon and Mary V . Huas,aaad %yearn, ahamatoha a a d Sdayaxhefrieadaef the anmOy are reapoatfuity mvtted toat- by the press af the fiBStt thr ftmerai, thto (Monday) afunaaa. at fanf , and ths uuit Ixj with adack, frum the reaidcace o* i-a patsn^., W. €6riiby. .. B.. t.13to hue to Crowe, v withtheNEWY O R KH E R A L D ,M O N D A Y ,J T J N E2 5 ,1 8 6 0 .Cpon nhich the Committee of the Whole rises and re- aorta IMIHHBIIslaveryrailroads down through theSmith and teaptrises ia bis amalthere•»iatreteursi..afH eGovernor,anditi?saidthatthepartywillfinditverydifficult to prevail upon any man who has theleast promi- Willard.PrvaanmmTBSCanr.—Therearethreefactionsinthe black republicanparty inCookcounty,whichembraces thecityofChicago,Illinois ThefirstisundertheleaderTbefriendsofthefamilyarelaritedtoattendtheI ral,fromtheresidenceofberpan-nb-,MoSS7State! Brooklyn,onTuesdayafternoon.atthreeo'clock.whichtoledbyGovernor Judd;andthethirdtocalledQ Whichtothespy* « Are they sociable*Sncfatothepresentconditionofthequestion. The totalexpenses for six months included in that bill amount toabout seven millions. Congress having passed s special in the rural districts.law approprtotiag thepostages to the contractors for thequarter ending with March, being a little over tw o m ilBans, they will have to wait for the remainder of the to the Presidential chair. Thelast have presented them- A. I have already given it to six. amount doe until the next ses-ion of Congress.the agricultural republicans, who are located principallyA . What a question!Do they understand machinery? A. Y es, the flyMOBS AJu.rax.vr- —Arguments as plenty as black- berries are every day offering to establish Lincoln's claimtrapQ. How many tickets have you to spare for the ball*setves? in the shape of " music for the piano," and they Q. Why don't you get more for your frienda* A. TheCANTTOATS FOR LarTBAA.Tr GOTKSJOS a MICHIGAN — the Japanese treaty and its results were slightly intro-wind,againshouldershisaxe,andcommences biscareer Kawage explained that the first, fifteenth aad twentyasarailsplitter. Hecastshislotwithoneascelebratedas himself, named Hanks. He feels the inspiration of hiseighth days of each month were held sacred in Japan; all business was anspended, and the people either went totalent, spits upon rail splitting, tears himself from Banks,and turns lawyer. He is just budding into manhood. A n the temples or visited the graves of their fathers. Theseextraordinary convulsion of nature caste him into the Sundays are the Sanzit, meaning the three days The State Legislature. A still more extraordinary convulsion princes yesterday mounted to th e roof of the bote • to look lanoa him in Congress, where he denounces 'the Mexican at New York, and, forgetting their dignity, played andyachtandthebaths. 11Therulingofthejudgesmustbefinalinallcases. 12entriescanbemadeatRraman'sbaths,whereaposedof,andacanmmodatiooshaveK-enprovidedforten thousandpeople.Therewillbeampleroomforallthto company,andtheballwillundoubtedlybeoneof(hefinestdeaasuurtheteethandperfumingthebreath,soit>*UKM- p'ef^rslu*6R'UVyhavenotbeensweptawvinbarIIS Prnes will be awarded in gold, or a city medal of like value, at the option of the winner, immediately after thelast race.Sciemtlffie Expedition to Camberland[From the St. Paul Minnesotian, June 18.Jwill be no hat or Cloak room provided, as it would be mi possible t o accuatonoriate s o many persons without** repe tition of the Palace Garden losses and scrambles, all will do well to attend, therefore, in marching order with as little extra baggage as possible. One hundred policemen will b e m attendance, and t h e police regulations in strict- ness and efficiency will exceed those of any ball yetSusnarh and Boweto, HOLLOWAT"K Fills are deewedlv the prompt, safe and reliable.*IRA PROOF SAFMbastnsmoe snyeaabsaiAthethe visitershw. Captain Porter, af thewritten out aad ptneed the subjoined list ofaw**Q aatPf'OfMs, V f e**" W*catof Three was anreceivefrom thosewho havetheafaaeyaeeeaotfromduties to perform than answering there with the tnt seatnaents of those«Q. Can I aaa Tommy* A. Yes, if you took at him*The friendsef thefamOy are rexpectfuflv invited teat Me.JICmclncat papers please copy.•—On Sunday, June 24. tuddenly, the Bee.His friend*, are reepactfullv invited to attend t h e fnae ral. from h s late residence, fist Sast Tenth street, t a n (Monday) afternoon, at two ©clack, nithent further mmPBBBV—On Saturday, June IS,Gnon&a P Paaat, agafi 81 rearsTherelativesandfriendsofthefamily,andiikewtoa those of h a brother-m law , W H Doughty, finjrtne Cam paay S3, Petersoa Light Guard, exempt flrreaea and aaae- ciatsfij, are respectfully urited to attenu the fuarnaL from hto tote residence, 166 ahtrtdge street, an ~ afternooa, n t one o'clock without farther noticeand a procession. W as sot this disgracefuP W as R a Q.HowoattoTommy* A.Twoyearsaiderthanhis goodwayofgrrtngtheJapaneseafavorable impression Btoter of Christianity* God bad opened the door to Japan, aadapple upon the head of the customary boy, with greatFUST Racn—Distance two miies. For tingle scullwherries. Shells—First prise S60: second S2S- Lap-streaka First prise 860,second 825. Both classes will first of July proximo, and will not anafinraw Hats. 10.000 ditto fromB. G URAHAM. LA Ms CORKS RTJMTOMB. IPVSJtTRD MAUAremain to witness our mode of celebrating the glorious fctoooM> Raca—Distance two miles. For double scull Fourth. A visit to the government forte in the harborstart together.this week, find will positively sail noon the»Atotto, tfiM Hatter. tlABroaawmjwhereassert, and as to undoubtedly the rase, all the regulartickets bare bean distributed to th e invited guests, it of TSuca and Shuttle Sewing MachinesUntitled Documentand a n a 18a* turn were teokmg to them fbr the adthe people No pen ato aa .ceil lafnctwn. of praprethto reapedaeeaaefiVaa the Jiraneat presto'Whate ttr-vat that•very reUgtoa was tateratod m Japan. Whea She Bacrt carries the* rohgtoa ahare^man* few .af!J****** *' that t o r AhenM r~oe:a tmmolerted Hey l* Tommy in love' A Dr. tellQWhoisBnsne-kani* AOneoftheJaosQ Are thedoctors intelligent* A They iutow when it vpssels name was the Manhattan, and was commanded tor of David and Anaa F PaumQwith the Department.Theabovefacte Iobtained from Capt.Cooper,whotosti!' living, and i£ a resident of Southampton, L. LA CONSTANT READER.FSOGKAMin FOB T H I BOCCOHX AND BICtTTTON OF TUT JAPANE.SK BMBASST BV THI BUT*ICLPALAD-THOKmSS OF THX C*TT OP NEW TOKK, AT T B I MaTBOPOLPrAN HOTEL, JTTKB2a, 1860.The following rules will be strictly enforced by the committee — Nopersonwillbeadmittedwithaspuriousticket,noTbe retottvesand friend* nf the family those o f his aaae, John L-andWiiliarn Strang, and of hisson in-tow. Jaaam B Mingay. are respectfully invited to attend the ruanat from the Third Cniversaiist church, comer af RhMCkae and Downing street*., Ui s (Moaday) afternoon, a t (Area o'clock, without further invitation.Saujcx—Ot Sunday morniag. June 34. or ctmsiaaatiaa. EtoAina. wife of Hands 8«liick. aged 47 yearsHer remains will be taken to Peeiuiiu tha (Mondays- morcng at ek»ven <•'dork. Tbe fua»f»I j-Tnoc v , b e preached at tht- Schruboak Plains Hethodat Kpnoapat churchA. Fewer than noneQ. Cannot you give me your ticket and stay at home*been procuredNo special orders will be issued for admission on thisoccaaiou.On account of the large number of tickets issued, nohat or cloak room will be funubhed for ladies or gentle men.Each ticket will admit one gentleman and tw o ladies only.Military and naval officers are requested to appear in uniform.The refreshment room will b e open from t<»n until t w o o'clock.The carriages will set their company down with theirJamefc fbrney. the republican candidate for Lieutenant and requested that he should next be taken to aa Amen horses' beads towards Prince street, and take up in re- A PCBX HObi<Ajn> o ntime at Columbus, where he was at onetune candidate remained at home, going about the hotel butduced. The doctor was much pleased with the sermonGovernor in Michigan, is the son of the late James G. can funeral, a aredding and a law-suit, that he might com- verse order.TO THM TRATBT WOLFRfs oatobtatad fafambe la tbe hands ef every Inij orbewBhostaat•nnabiy aorreoa theIoeverage u a the pnreat bnenr nade to t_Putuptopintandqu*.-tbattoa Aha WOLPf'S PTJRR COQMACLOT. or Looau—The telegraph had barety finished took sketches of New York and the surroundingthe announcement of the nomination of Old Abe at cities and villages as seen from the spire, which was the highest the Japanese bad everChicago, when b is life and - services" were tossed fromthe press at one dollar a copy. Somebody who has read some remarks highly derogatory to George Law's thepaaaphletgivesthesubstanceofitasfollows— extension and its appearance, the party proceededto Jones' wood, where they partook of a collation, drankseen. The Battery was then visited, and evenTbey areas bottle has tbeForsalebyat SBeaverJapanesetothecityofJeddointheyear1846.Theand it war there copied. When Commodore Perry's ex peditionwasforming,Cant.CoopertookhtocharttoWashingtonaadoffered it tothe Naval DepartmentThey-toldhimtheybad justbeensoppliedwithonefrom Amsterdam,whichprovedtobeanexactcopyofthechartinCapt.Cooper'spossession. Theoriginal'wasleft STKAHO,intheTStLsoarofh:«ageDelaware Lotteries:—Scssax Cocwrr CLASS ISO Jona K 198932,75,22,63.8,41,10,26,42,28.29,60,70.13. GSABT> COHSOUDATSB LOTTMV C x a » 90. Jcirx S3,1386. 20, 4, 48, 10, 72. 54. 66, 31, 25, 27, 78, 33, 45.FRANCE. BROADBEHT8 A CO.. Managers. WUnungton. Delaware.OnviscVCLAW MB. Jm rs 23. lm)61, 47, 11, 40. 30. 19, 56, 24. 64. 42. 72, 6.Pnses cashed at S63 Broadway. Circulars sen; fr*>e. LiODOKiv DAVIS A CO..Managers. Macon, Georgia._ c , O B O A FOWLAWP S— You can make any use of the above aobne you •ruto Iwr.tea*!reallybelieve. Kopuffing u A F.OSBcialCO.'S Consolidated Lotteries o f Oeorgir. —is not Use thai af a 6ery stream, parebmg and coalso:"taa:'\i-_.ihanporantorgan:w.tbecooinu-y sTadl- cteaUy aids digesuon. invigorate* tae system, aad by an TUBS niable purr»y strengthens snd refrnahes " the mner ssan" Praaripal Depot 118 Bast Twenty ninth street. Mew Tort-BCT TF TOP HAVE nO BKARD TOU CAM POMCB IT to grow by using my Onzuent (eaaousbed in 1861). i willforeetbeBeurrttogrowontbesmoothestfaceIBsuiand won't stain or injure the skis Pnee 61joinavaadai diseases or too fo bjeonvenleme* to tbe pattoat. by BvR T U A T Z L A X D . S 3 J o h n a r e e t .o f d e a t h " t - If m m a r a r n i n m — s p d f i j l i s t b a a u b j tctaeland.ThisistieDMCevidenceafasmaiv»l_ cruw a* s general drtng, asev srUi set soank a srord si faswrOne dollarl**»T —Oa tbaadav June fit MABT axAnnT Ska 1 n_ - s.* - a «jna,_ _^ * *w •»»»• «»^^—- a^aaniw**>mama* iPaao*—(to Saturday. June S3, ABBA F PAXOB.Braaas—laUMBca>.onttoartay,Junefit,JoanP.AN AMCIKKT PHILOftOPHAB SATS • - - PBOVR things, bold f»* fthat whK-h is aooa." Thousands shinned that KKrll >'S uuodir. Cordial Uia_ i«nifor tbe exreiwoet- o f Ha aualitire. Its draeent mto tbe iant Ttort ant Fourt RFib ABU ABD CO 1* IBFAIXfBLXATBKT iMMiM.itSA MARTTM,RDWARD D RAiatPC Oanper 1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 