 *aecIteriral »*."#— •; • .—t—• x-tut all were of one blood. All borrrin this country were citizens; if strangers were here, bur obligation was to extend to them our aborties. There were four-iections wereJlleeoming anxious about the treasures of the Go6pel,'but they soughjt truth .under disadvantagee;;' and, to-day, in I860, the door was open for Bibles andleC,.|th.e ,;r«confer the greatest ])«ssible boon upon these millions. What n grand exhibition this would be of the power of Christianity, if the divine spirit of the Word of God could unloose tbe bonds of four millions of slaves! Let•«in inn-Ini* ex- fcur.-|hai* ex-h *liore?aevr ifemcUrr* of ato-day en route for Quebec.eveiywhere. ,tiaI presence of the Divine Spirit; it is the center about which rally the firith, and hope, and courage of them-.-.- .•:';€'$&millions of slaves among us waiting to see what the Testaments, jwhich might be showered down, arid none vote of 2,76l| Aves and one No. At:Chanibery thi&re ciety was preached last evening by the Kev. Thomas Gotpel could do for them; never before was there such would bc( afraid to read. The prospects of that Soci-i1iB#S£'msad animated discussions are' going on as to the wros-pects of thej Baltimore and Richmond Convento!n—s. The Bohemian reports the following vessels.and consider the matter, we would-perceive thatinfU. heaven. • •,•: ••'•' ••'• ••'••A majority ( 'the1 Spanish press was in favor Of trial delity is rather t6 be expected than fraud.' I propose It was the only-tiling which could reach and purifyThe services were opened with singing and praver , ;tho\V»M! gronnds.sian, leaving Galway on the !28th for SWJohns, N. P ., France, hud r !the -moment abandoned the idea of disordered docs sometimes reject a Booii which so op-upon this society, his regard would be explained by t h e truismthat .' , ,Tiinc but the Impression •looprr trial*-*, A« »tn**mH their channel* d«ep<9r wetxr.ihey pis-a; - i d betnv rk^if upon:say itheirSat- maJ- :»ndMr. CRA WFORD- (Dem., On.\ objected. YOTJ will not be happy till thi» aaouey ia'apent. [Laugl ter.] There in not a man on the continent who would mter- iere w^th the «tatne, or do it harm.and Now-York.taking the title! f King of Italy. "'. - ,poses it. It is the light and life of thejjvhole Bible; if Helpi despised and rejected of men, is it strange if the Word in which. He lives should sometimes, share a similar fate. 'ofman,•1 Isailpur- |f thepxr- uponfctex-r i r r i - lo>di*- tranythat no realcli nge toward Hungary was contemplated,paratively in its stammering infancy. they mislead some ?Is' it strange" if ' hished isno.tbsm edito> k a t i o aown right. I alw> received injuries, but I bargained for them; and I put i t to- you, as a man of nouor, whether, if I-have been deprived, through the effects of the said battle., of my eye-«ght,«or the use of my arm, as iu the case of Brettle, when disabled by Sayers, yon would have made Sayers wait for me for any length of time that might he dictated by my private doctor.: ' - ' ' - • .He delights in action, in clear decisive wills lays hi* plane in the future, and has a fortitude that counts suffer- ing a triumph—qualifications which enable a nation not'•.•|nany ^Adjonrned..now said to h: ke been marked by considerable exag-bringeth men's minds about to religion. . Philosophy us still in a crude and forming state and science is com-, -S S{•onducta would leave for V era Cruz April 2(3.The American Consulate at V era Cruz was Tullyj or- janized." The United States ships Saratoga, Brooklyn, and Pocahontas, were at Vera'Crux. All well on" bo^.rd. The new* from the Army operations iu the interiorH sre. indefinite- Tlie French* and English are endeav-l probabilities of error. It is then occasion for surprise of the Church. '..'.• Canton mV itc"he*s,•d'a'ted March 14$ state that the and fear that in this fallible world we find faith attendedieree the final decision upon the light of Tuesday last,amount of; 51 OOOLOOO roubles. I t was not known are we to be surprised and terrified, because sometimes consisted in Ivh'ojle or in pai-t of loans formerly an- herself, and rejects, because she cannot comprehendj~~»yw.-'Wl^^ «ll—» -Hl~-\'l1"-*frt»•* J-T*«""•»*it^MK,-*K"r"' '4-of WheaU^ljfch had adymicedto TQcentimsfltferaaofc. defeat is not only declared to have been unexcep- FOUR DAYSLATER FROMEUROPE. The Bourse^ jctl | ^ ^ 3 f ^ ^ . a n ^ | ^ < i g | ^ ^ | g B :Large numbers paid their respects to Mr. Dougbujthis afternoon.XXXVITBT CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.HOUSE OP KEPKESEKTATTVES.) \V A?jiiNGToNHr.'TKAIN (R*p., MssJt.) asked leave to report aby an ordinary coirt-martial. The " Cnrrespondencia. the inquiry, whether, a priori^ we have not such and the sinner. The, result would not be doubtful. TheAulegrajtiu'a\ msMers that nothing will be resolved •so many reasons to anticipate the presence of infidelity Word of God was. prepared for this/very'purpose, and D. SMITH, pastor of the^Church, introduced the-speak- ; >/V whose poBHefl8<»rfl sell thfju and holdfbenaeJvev not gnllty; ahd day 30,000bidcB, 10.000 on speculation and for export; mark© " 4hijy that »ell them aay. Bl'eowd be th*' Lord for I ain rich; and?thfelr own uhephordapity them not."—Zachariab, iL 4 5.•njri^£IiJXA£ OFTHTJSOHEMLAfe fc 1if> '••, •••••-.•. •••.>t'.M.••'•i\>.y, m$£tionable, hut mc*t admirably discreet.GOT. "B"'an*ks seems a favorite, of tie AmeribanDr. Cheever said that'perhaps theife was no otherte»a5945'a>94 foraccount. ••'••'>'•"•.'-'•iv»;.;...;-.•/,•,*<,'':;.• ',:. .-v.-. •ciiseoftheslhveamihismaster>'Westood'beforeGod refugeandourstrength,',C&#..*W*ho£w»retfte Pope'aRepublican element. lit* was their nomineein1856.» .J 'f---.-'• •-. •-"•.' -» ••" •' .-•••.-• ;w;:...„The voting bnTtne hhelrdoh 'Of 'ahhexatibn t6 'Frittce took\place(|hSlhndity,rthe22d:-Adispatchfrom*t*a&6N»o(S(i AprH 26T-P. m^—Conflols CIOBOut94i^alj for mouev, ;, 'inrcferencototheelaveprecisely;astheHebrewstofriendsnow?•Anstria,Spainy-Naples;buttheyhareoneanother".Tndegreeour^obBgtitmnsiaregreater,torenoughtodojtoattendto;t^jeh*owabusiness. ,x- ourLord Jesus Cbriat had brokendownevery waU; 5•'f,trK N Wfj'h; 'fyT HE CHARLESTON J*ACTIONS.Factions among the Charleston Delegates here |1o-day p^ce bitxer in their hostility to each ot her. |The opponents!of Mr. Douglas declare him dsad,and that if nominated at Baltimore, as they son-cede probable, he cannot carry a single Sta e inthe Union.. Not a Southern £tate will give himher rote. Per contra, his friends are jubi ant.They deem both the Platform and the adjounn lenta success, and say full; Douglas delegations : romthe seceding States will-appear at Baltimore and4secure hi * nomination. They affect to believ<[ thevsentiment of the people at the South is with tliera,and that they can carry every Southern Sijate. HuchbitterfeelingismanifestedtowardMr. Cushifcg for his partial ruHngsJ"VTAJBINGTON, May 6, 38$0. Theliotels are thronged with the returning delegatesTHE PRIZE F11IfeptbeJParisJournals,:says..the enthusiasm aiidjthataueffbrte to induce the*people;THE^ANmVEMAMmS- mSEJRMON BY THE REVU THOMAS S. HASTJrNOS. :< Injc'JiL, ahmflucrice bad been'set to work by some., in Hmvwhe no Jew or Scythian,-British or American,* Christian: visitors at Pldrerice,'and the people In all <H- '4j>aturdav, May 5,rciW>lution providing for a "watchman to protect'the Queen of the Lakes.T18^0.was $17,000 remaining of the amottnt appropriated for Liverpool at about the same time as the Bbhemiam,Philemon on. the eubject. .Preaching was necessary" place what right he regarded as extravagant eneomiumathe inangurntion ceremonicn, and it wsw de»irabl<: and ne«»«ary>to employ watchmen till Congrest* whall make permanent .arrangements for protecting theand has the mails for the United States.The steamer Brazilian takes the place of the Circas-Felletti,an inqpisltor of the holy office, for the abduo- opinionated and proud. The human ,sensibilities are tion of the chil Mw-tara,- had resulted in his acquittal. unstrung and idiscordant. • The human will is wild, Tlie King Sardinia, following the advice' of wayward and unbroken, i t is strange if a nature soon the Sabbath, not on a fast day but on1 the Sabbath. .Tracts should, be set in motion as clouds lightening the air everywhere., Then there should be conven- tions of all religious bodies in relation to this sin. This was one of the objects of church Anti-Slavery soci- eties. But not only did the Church generally stand aloof from this, Society; they maligned thosewho did go into it. Df. Cheever adverted-to the Eev..Mr. Well's late1 speech, and to the declarations ofprominent Presbyterians that they had held slaves, which we .see men roused up with peculiar qualinca-A VOICE—That's so.. jKvarious sources represent the insur-Tlie Indepei 4!»jwcfi Beige" states that the Count of fidelity is the fact that the Bible is a book whose valueMr. ELIOT (Rep., Mass.) asked leave to introduce a had died of erysipelas proved to bo utterly unfounded. resolution re<]ue*trag the l*reHident to commnni^j to toSyracuseAnother reason for rejecting rather than fearing in-stating cari be •tested and proved only by experience. Men and would do so again. In many cases the word slaveHudson and_ Sands* to receive a anufl* box and medal from the British Government, as a testimonial to their jerviceH in laying the Atlautic cable.The Honsw-Vent into Committee, and Mr. TRIMBLE (Rep-, O.) briefly advocated the protection of douieatic Bianatari are*. ' 1 .No other gentlemen desiring to speak, the CommjiUeeof being called a ' Boy,' I onght to be termed a ' baby/if, after having come so far and not having got a settle-ment, I should be willing to relinquish mv purpose fora few good-natured pats on the back and being told Ia great fellow like me to come over to whip a'littleman like Savers. Under ordinarv circumstances Ishould not think of sending a challenge to a man ofSayers'ssize; but England thinks him" big enough todelend the belt. I want it, and cannot get it exceptthrough him. Tho inclosed letter, which I sent toBell's /.»/•>,.when I heard that they intended to call in (/gjirians Of tlu|Bympathy of,Western Europe.tbe.law which makes one word better adapted to inspire ery declared that they would put down their pastor if. the hearer than another. Upon the application of .this•"•geration, and ne belief was cun-ent in sonic quarters'5«H*+>* *i^-^,^^^YffiH**UPKOVTSHJWB doll.- pIto»uCK unchnng«5d —•:.-^;-.^^-v.......,,J.,,^.^,^. p.„.....•....,..,,-..,.;••..„LBTTERS FROM HEENAN, He Claims tHe Belt or Another FightTE3 SWISS QUESTION.EATHKR POIKT, C. E., May 6, 1860.have voted foif ar nexation'to Fi'ance;Heenan, on the SSd;*writes to The Times:tions to .perform great works, as much, in our Own day bad been stricken out of the prayer-books. Churches as in times past. I t was the law of means being•THE GREAT EIGHT.A report,which was current in London, that HeenanNAPLES.' ,the Koosfc the inibrntation recently received re»p«s ;ting toe'Chinese Coolie trade.Mr. JONES (Dem., Ga.) objected.The Hont<e resumed the consideration of private bills. have no difference to (settle with. Sayers, ex "cpt'such if *Among those pa*aed waa one authorizing Captains as I tried to settle with/-him on the 16th; and, instead gerous policylpf ijrefusuTg to restoro the Neapolitan the book when they reject its method of life? T h e'-1 see by your article of Saturday that you misun- th " derstand my wishes, and it does me great injustice. I. combdihia t»- nationality,bad struck out the African from Ary Scheffer'spainting •of Christ the ConsoIer„and put "the mangled picture into their prayer-book to.'make it sell. Each was like a Dame Partington,' trying to mop out the advancing tide. In this city men who professed to be Anti-Slav-adapted to ends, the law which make's a sharp sworncut more cifectivelv thana dull one, a wedge separatethe parts of a block, or which has assigned wings toTlie JBditorinI Excursion.BAL TIMORE, May 6,l8€fo.But few of the delegates to the C<onstitutional Cjon- position: and as Bell's Life has not published it, yon .appointingJ ancellor of State Ignaz Van Planer to the sunlight, and free as the sparkling water; but weI] Their Quarters are at the various hotels. They wii§[ go the Murgeon to name the day before vvhich Sayers Prince G oryski died on the 23d.[ %QWashington and Mount Vernon to-morrow.' could not finish tbe. pending affair, will show my L A T K S T . - e jWeimer Zeitwiig contains a decree wary. All that is necessary for salvation is clear asThe editorial excurwonists arrived here last eventing.I vention have vet arrived,will do me a great kindness in letting the English the Mmistry if! Finance. He is also created Privy car.not deny that the Bible reader will find some pas-W*W?«&• y .NEW-lio|RK; DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, MAY 7j 1860.The steamship Bohemian, from Liverpool 25th, via etained from Jiotirig.-i? very large. The latest dis-SOCIETY OF ENQUIRY OF THE UNI02IV^-'» THEOLOGICAE SEMINARY., V . .-/; • -'..ySouthampton on the morning of the 23d. She wouldprobably not leave on her return before the 28th. - xvThe stpamsljip Illinois, from New-York, arrived atSERMON BY THE.RBVi DRi^FISHER& 1 i =>'tosa, at2o'clo]:k On the morning of tho 21st: The The* steamship Adriatic, from New-York, was re- gendarmes su:r6uhded the. house, and, after havingvery least mistake of any man who was endeavoring toFourteenth streetand Second avenue, by the Rev. Dr.ported oir. the Jsle,of Wight at 11p.m. of the 24th, and reached Southampton on the morning of. the 25th.vainly demanc :d ^flipittance, one effected an entrance through the" w idojiv. ' The Princes were arrested, and declared themi Hyaz at the disposal of the gendarmes.own ? The Word of God lifted the whole subject out assaults of inildelity, when if we would fairly confront of the mire* of politics and placed it in tho light ofCouncillor. sages which" are :not by any means simple, and which are.likely to.disturb partial minds,and give them seem- RUSSIA. ing excusesfor skepticism^ Reason is restless, under 'Letters fro BerlineUitc that the arrangements for constraint, and when she approaches this Book of God, Xthe Rubsian 1| inj were believed to have been effected and find in it a Trinity, a divine and universal sover-W ASKISTCTOK, M a r 6, 1S6CLThe K. O. Picayune, to hand by mail, confcipns the present week. I make this demand from having• SECOND DTSTATCH. ,The "Editorials" go to Washington l5n Toes^ay ? Borning to a grand entertainment to oe.giv^n themj sorrow nightby the merchants and citizens genera|ly,H the Utaw House.Mexican News.people hear what I have to say. If. the. late meeting is not to be resumed, and the belt is .not"to come to me for what has already taken placo, I claim to be the first on the liet to meet Sayers, again for the next chance to conquer it."1 ", 'J.letaiis of Mexican news.been informed that it has been suggested on your partTheLondunfounded,1'II'"aily News regards the statement asThe. Bible addresses itself to Faith, and with faith is always the .contingency or alternative of faith. The heavenward path which faith must tread is narrowband,Booms, which will be addressed, by the Bev. Mr. tellectual, the Angle-Saxon joins with this a hardy,At the City of Mexico, a special'condncta of three that I should give Savers sufficient tiine to recover jnillions was being made up, and would be escorted as from certain injuries received by him.Worth. ;"; •persistent, energetic, nature; tbe child of the tem- perate zone, midway between the phlegmatic and the passionajte—between' the races of the North and of*.fcra*theNationalBridge. TheChurchGovernmentwould-recive eight per cent .export duty on it. -The in any proper way, Lmust not be unmindful of "my'difficult, and close on either side are continuous perils,Christian truth is ever attended by the possibilities and can and New-York Anti-Slavery Societies at the door the South. '•\ ..I desire to demand through you a new meeting withinnounced, but|iiot: ••etplaced..tlris-Book, which is so full of the Infinite. . , ; , held this. (Monday) evening at the City Assembly great work. Inheriting fr<»m other nations" strong in-'Now, Sir, while I am willing to accommodate himCalcutta ltd|egrahis give reports of disturbances hav- ing broken out-in Cabul.uted the p ogrammo of the Anniversaries of the Ameri-Cbainheiy;.wasimnichsetoal>stain fro vjpting.icbmpletely failod. The wholo number of vo re in the district of St. Jean Maurieuno>At Fauci, \ tbe voting\was almost unanimously' .The annual sermon,before the New-York Bible So- forannexatio At Bonneville,there was a registered!were 3 300 4 et| out |of 3,800 entitled to vote. A t S. HastingsOf this Cify, in.the. Mfldison^q^aare Pres-. ?a multitude so ready for blessing and so easily^o be ety were now- brightened. J t had only to sow they si ii, :yAnnecy the v ing in favor of annexation was nearlybleefbd or cursed. - • , ' . ; ,,' , , . teed, and soon theyj would be ablo to reap aglcorjoua,taken place eii irely imder. the influence of.tho auihori- of Samuel, fourth chapter,'and thirteenth verse:Ark was-to Israel tho Bible is to the Church of our Qneenstown 26th ult.-, passed tliis point at-4:30 p. m. patche8 show janl1 immense 'majority for annexation day. It is the visible pledge of the invisible but poten-Accountsrcction in Siciljl a*| completely suppressedConstitution off 1848- *The assaasi4|tio|u of Gen. Viglia is confirmed' 'Bible is the chart for* the heavenward journey; to prove its accuracy God must undertake that journey.thebirdthatitmayriseeasilyandflythroughtheair; .'.. ? •'"and that the lieqtwas probably to deprive the Hun-E_i.'J_" i l i- U » . . i W _ . -There are in the Bible apparent and real difficulties, which are likely to prove stumbling-blocks to the.un-exhausted. ]ale j were made at full prices. ';•.:. •pv*rjv y wasthe16thora*soonaswecouldgettofight;and,Exchange*kye:e'unaltered., Inbecomingabelieveraman.attacheshimselftothisChristianAssociationintheChurchoftheIncarna-Hecouldfindinitthofinestqualitiesofhalfadozen'.<*VS.•A nmn samed ThomasJHaHoran was gtabbed twice Wt night by John McCotter, and from tho effecUof Use -wour.d difd at SJ o/cloi^k this morning. MjeC<>tter'was arrested and fully committed on a chargp of injuries from me, and cannot meet me Jiceording to thegiving ofl'ens*ner and degree the Work of the Spirit of God, there-The Reverend gentleman preaclieoT from First Thes-rui.xuxder.,-AThe Canadian Reeiprjoeity Treaty. rules of the prize ring, entitled to retain. Hoping toOSWKOO, Saturday, May 5,1S6I). receive an answer from you before this wc ek expires, The dispatch from Washington yesterday, staluig stating your views in'fall, I am, <fcerf&c.thatMr.KingpresentedamemorialfromtheBoar1r»f P.S.Youwill,pleiiseunderstand Idon'twishtoturn away from both ?Another reason for expecting rather than fearingJesuB Christ.'-The preacher showed that the religion of Christ mettheir cultivation.The insular position of the Anglo-Saxons bad gradu-Isin the l>n waa leer willseveral fere now?pi^rroww will he» ipeeiaH/tions<'a& llatfosfla->S^natoc t-n»;vi*T; bal*»e« t oL ^ C o n - m [x?repre- , ^leges and; hospitals of Europe and the world fclund was adjourned rill the 26th. ,Mr. Massey announced that he would not persist inincurable, has given rise tp the."Woman's Hospital! 'of his motion for referring the bill to a Select, Committee. this city, '.rhis ex^llent fomslation is now in its fth The proceedings in both Houses on the 24th wereyear. But we regret, and indeed feel ashamed to stjate, unimportant.The frauds committed by W. G. Pullinger,'Chiefcent— •the S striking impjmarket presenting no alteration of trustworthy men. On the ship'3 deck the fair Ameri-ice, but likewise closed with firmness. can and the dusky Malay, the Spaniard, "the Ethiope,which was withheld from common view. . When wesaw great preparations for a mighty enterprise the rea-sons for which were not understood, it was natural to a part of the Republican party. ;tate.(;ies s e e x a , ^oces f<w^. t to thai :he nwai^Savior. Although the retrospect - of 'the history of tho gallery 43. It will accommodate altogethorabout 1,00ft world was overcast with a heavy gloom, yet -we hadii .-it y*- 1 -m:—•& federal J G e n ,'had.propcrlv said, "better worship the ifounders, of thune of New-York.Empires/than tbeffounders of convents and luumerief.'"Jai>an had elevated herself in the scale- of civilization RETURN OF. ..KIDNAVI-JCB COLOIW^ BoYs,--The*hmuchoftt^rduy. Oiljad^uloanissteady.;,," .,- ^er Aliee.Rodgors.:Timy 1 the British Conaul to-day*w Ub egiven meluu-ge of••I •>.. •'. .' .•40'"to Itv« been & con-riot belonging to bl«ckw«U*» Iakad. -•.' "'-'-,v XV-.••••v,The 3Iarquis of Normandy finally withdrew the resolution.hissubjfecf, "God's-covenant against Paganism.'1Ho-•M1:.•'•§ wing to c«>usummate a cessation of hostilities." When thi.4 match was made, the.date for the battle• • • • ••••• > , : ; : ; •• - - • :v ^ > ^ ^ ^ ^>-:•! are; not willing to live as the Bible requires; it is not strange that they will not acknowledge its Divine Au- his dan- thority. Can they consistently stop short of rejectingAnother reason why we may expect to meet with in- fidelity may be found in the superficial culture and \ Baron Bruc| , Minister of Finance, had been sud- limited knowledge which are characteristic of our times.i AUSTRIA...on the aftern- n<}fthe23d. Bacon said "it is true a little philosophy inclineth. a .he attempted even to pray over Shivery in the? pulpit.It was not necessary for a preache»r merely to let nis congregation know his sentiments, and then say nothinglaw to. the missionary cause, he wished to generalize some remarks. ,•am a fine fellow. I have received a great many'anony-mous ietters, asking me if I am not ashamed of myself, denly taken frpm congestion of blood, and expired •Superficial, education is a dangerous thing. LordHow was it with the nations regarding, the princi- more about it; Dudley Tyng would not have done so. ple of God shaping means to ends ? Krom the 'time of'iA dispatch .nhbuncing concessions to Hungary is '•"man's mind to >atheism," but depth in philosophyIf fighting were necessary, to protect our labor, the fighting became a part of the labor. Opposition to Slavery had in all ages aroused the fiercest opposition. W e had here an example of i t to-night. The first blows always cost. The fore front of the battle was the dangerous post. But when a few more clergymen had been imprisoned, and the walls of the Bastille began to come down, then the great mass of the cler- gymen would come in and say, as said the Irishman who fixed the rope to the tree to pull i t down,;after it had been nearly cut down, Didn't I do it nice1Dr. •CHEEVKR concluded by declaring that some •churches mu*t be pioneers in this work, and he saw no reason why the Church of the Puritans should not be one. He could see no reason why for this they shouldbe attacked by the church and the press.Tbe-Bev. Mr. WORTH concluded the exercises witha fervid prayer.D«. CHEEVER gave notice that a meeting woidd be] Abraham to the time of Christ, the Jew, for eighteen' centuries, was conservator of the Word-of God, not the propagator but the conservator, a duty for, which ., his wonderful tenacity of impression, above aJL, other , nalioris in existence, fitted him, and against the per- formance of which, as the rock hardens around tbe> crystal and partakes of its nature/the battle-ax o£ many .centuries could not prevail. He would not cite, /I the history of Greece and of the Romans* and thedevelopment of government and law of the Gerinans, who disenthralled a sleeping and a captive Church. ; " The Single point upon which the speaker wished to jconcentrate the thought of his hearers was that the Anglo-Saxon wa« a missionary. Trace. This race, m-- eluding,- of course, the American, was fitted by natural, constitution and educated by the Spirit ofCio<i, to ex- - ecute a great work-in the history of the world. • As in men, so in nations,,." a sound mind in a sound body" ' was a .natural requisite for the performance of anywith Baring London and Hope of Amsterdam to the eignty over against free agencj^ ahdalso an atonement,The following is the letter to Bell's Life :"Not having been able to obtain from yOu as a reP~ whether this] was entirely, a new loan; or if the sum in her pride and self-dependence, reason recoils uponIKBIA AKD CHINA.:•'•••Two gentlemen, one white and one colored, distrib- v/rebeldisturb: riceswere increasingthroughout China. It was run >red at Shanghai that the four war vessels which recent y pifocee'ded to the Pechelee river carriedan ultimatun to the Chinese Government.The stock f T ^as was very light, and supplies weoebyunbelief asholiness isby.ain1Murdjer In Alnany. according to the rides, if the battle should be interrupt- Affairs in ]|ipai had become worse. The fsreign Book j and in too many cases he is a flag and hinder- tion, corner of''Madison "avenue and Twenty-eighth nations, and it was created, not for itself, but as God'a ed, it was my understanding, and. I believe it is the community, jfasl in great apprehension, -two Dutch ance to it. "The Christian character'..ana'the Divine street.. The occasion was one of more than ordinary instrument in the: subservience of truth* Tlie peculiar.'.'THE WOMAN'SHOSPITAL.for money 'was-942^94J, and for Ac- the- great deep. It was to'improve their condition mid :sTew Threes, 93i«"93g. to labor for the salvation of their souls that this Society The Dail-kWc K?s. (City Article) says: .was formed. He alluded to the marly-thousand precious " The at* markets were characterized this after- lives a n d the- immense treasure necessa- In the. House of Commons the debate upon the Re- noon by a s< ."hat improved feeling, but there was rily intrusted t o their care. How" necessary?..' Aijskjs r, May 6,18^01 law, that we should fight within a week.. W e did meet, captains bavij been murdered in Tokohama'without Word both claim that they are in much the same man- interest, and attracted a large congregation.;.training t o which this race was subjected was • considered at length. The education of a century or of centuries /might obliterate former qualities o fThe di.-coTery of Dr. J. Marion Sims as to the ftuc- cessful treatme.nt of certain feminine disease** whiell allread as his text, " The secret of the Lord is with themthat fear him;'and he will show them Iris covenant."^mpt toIti« the physician* in and out of all the great medical[col- form bill was resumed, but without action, discussionlittle revival business. The funds advanced | ^ that-*' they should b e sober, honest, a n d Psalm, xxv., jiv^.The word secret means, somethingaccording to contract.' The battle was said} to be unfin-ished, and I am prepared to renew itat any moment withinlawfullimits.IfSaversis-not,onaccountofpoodn-)4Jtycojt,liridtherewerebutfownpplicationnlit,therules of manly opposition I demand and claim that herewgn to me the belt, winch he is not, according to theally led them to traverse all oceans, and visit all shoreff,a censure upon himnelf, and had come from Paris e**presslv to defend his course. Ho assorted that histirst information relative to the intentions of Francewas received privately, and the matter of the opinionfrom Walewaki ".and the commnnication was of such York Central s] rei at"71®72. a nature that he was unable to include them in publicbeen madeof Illi-The anniversary exercises of "tin above Sock-ty were THE AMERICAN AND FOREIGN CHRISTIANdispatches. The first official inthnatiOti he had was in February last, and he then forthwith laid it before the Government. lie denied that any communication of importance had been wiithheld.T H E L THE LON prices of Coicount, M}'d>fST— Via Queensloicn, April 26. STOCK EXCHANGE.—The openinghad last evening at the Rcv>tDr«.St6rr''y Church,'.corner of Henry' And"Bemsen- streets, Brooklyn. The liev. Mr. Clark of New-Y ork preached the usual anniversary sermon. He estimated that there w ero.a million and a half of human beings who sought their livelihood uponLast evening the aimual sermon before the Ame-ri-1 can and Foreign Christian Union was preached in the Broadway Tabernacle by the Rev. Dr. HAGUE of the Lexington-avenue Baptist Church, who announced asat about the 'lot-i ig rates of yesterday. Canadian is without that it has out a hand-to-mouth existence. It depend *on Cashier of the Union Bank of London, amount to the change. Freil |h s( ?ady. Closing prices of Consols, for money,them, what a fruitful field i t would becomo ! Teachkingdom of Christ, as it had been established upon tho\ : • • • • ' • ' r — T \ * ~ : —IiwroiiTANT . nt'oM V>:NK7.ri:r.A.—By the arrivalof. the brig T . B. Wattsonr.at this port \vo,chance donations, and has no wealth placingit beyont the 94:]</94J;; for a coufat, 94^^95: new three per cents, 9;)f%932.liecessity of accepting little contributions of $200,: $ places Mu» at die head of the class of defaulters in that the new ;ers-patent of the Emperor of Austria instantly become the best of missionayiesr There is noered that ihe*c cases are matters of life and death, the tions for years, and his frauds were carried on by tior.s which |to set out—one fromtues of the Word of God, and he becomes an unequaled medium for the dissemination of the Christian religion. By the circulation of Bibles, and tracts; and other re- ligious literature among-sailors, by the establishmentqnoting come?* " from the State," and is $732 64. {Mr ^es are>-J T. G. Hodgkins subscribed handsomely with $480.It isstated that £170,000 have been paid from Lloyds A commit) ion was. formed amongst' iho clergy of attention to.'his remarks. Singing by the choir added1[p*?eulato Bates>In the late address made by Dr. Francis before themuch to the interest of the occasion.THE CHURCH ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.SERMON BY THE REV. DR. OllEEVER.Tlie Rcvi Dr. Geo. B. Cheever gave in the Churchof the Puritans last evening the Anniversary Sermon'•I •%• j;•*- '•* 1: 1f\ :iThe steamship' Conuaught for the Galway line was **new devices adopted in this establishment for the]re- successfully lauuehed at Newcastle on the 2lwt.innuenced.i lie public mind. behalf of the Society. Dr. CHKEVKK then said:The semi :>ificial AutographgWa* a denial to this ru- I rejoice in being able to announce to you that tho.bered, and-in times of trial his childreu had taken comfort and courage, and stood boldly andeuergoti- cally against the aggressions of Satan. ! •Sir G. Clark in gazetted Governor of Bombay." storation to~health of individuals hitherto deemed in- volunteer force engaged now reached 124,000 men.*' curable from causes associated with, or £llow ringtheThe. . .Baron Grbs was to leave Paris for China on the 25thamt 1journal states that the Ministers are perfectly uji •eed'us to",tho course to be pursued inr the trial of CoiJ it Montemoliu.Bev. Daniel Worth, just out of prison.in North-Caro-lina for preaching against Slavery, and for endeavoringto extend the truth against, that sin, is with vis; and a n e w name; Mkldletou) while traveling there,., Rev. Dr. Campbell of Kew-Brunswick, aiui D*'» * ""**parUment state, are of American origin.".As the highest sanction is given to this treatm<j>ntyFKAN'CE.. ,','-'At Rome was thesamo old paganism in a new garb• [i /*I:,:b*ia •-.-•.-• :-•"* •••\.'•y '••/••"'•' - /.'of the Union Bank with the Bank of England., The shares of the Union Bank were quoted at a decline of £5.credit of the Mi visteriof War to defray the expense.The Bariijjsorjfespondentof The London Times wiys ot sailor's boarding-houses and charitable institutions,. and taken cognizance of his moral government, viewed friends think him far more comfortable in 28th street, (What is the reason that the women .who give twenty-five dollars for a pocket-handkerchief cannot givetwenty-live cents for ah institution, to cure the agoniesandsavethelivesofthousandsoftheirsex? The|en- Queen'shouseholdgoestoCanadaintheretinueofthe thepa.-tfev|months.". » amount of good which cannot be estimated.' The tire list of donations for thf; year 1850 comprises only Prince of Wales. The edito ofijij[satirical journal of Turin haw been' speaker spoke most encouragingly of the good done byninety-six names. Almost the only donation worthter we had surveyed the physical government of God.LONDONTI'' market contint1fosjlfeY MAIIKT)')'.—The London Moneyfore if these two, the Bible and Christian being, ap- salonians, 5th chapter, and part of the,,23d verse: "And'Sfc character, by neglect to cultivate them, and mightpear, sometimes to be contradictory, may it not be ex-: Ijpray God your whole spirit and soul'and body be Kmlarge original endowments by, giving stimulus tod <nsy.. In tho open market tho Aupply won Bank of £ni^la; 'J he Stock ExcuanKe wa^ dull, but qiiotartonnBOTW'rally wef«, retty steady.- DOUHOIS closedwith-a firm feel- ing oii tnc 2-lth.COJttMlfRCTAL INTELLIGENCE. LIVERPOOEI Cc TTON MARKKT.—Thesdles of. Cottonforthethreeda-seadingonTuesdaywere'86,000balea,]ofwhichpected that men will disbelieve the one or the other, or preserved blameless unto the coming of the ,Lord " " * " *B60. '-* Trade at Oswego, complaining of the manner in. w. lich compel Sayers to fight because he is represented to be 8peculatorgand| .xptrters took 13,000 balea. The markst was uc- groveling, microscopic minds do not eee and feel £ho the Young Men's^Christian Association, he remarked.-•.•fcihavewill i;-|%i-Jry,jien.tin* inriov. tlcxent- R,,wiHBoard of Trade have had no action on this subject..Death of Ex-Judge Sergeant. Pnii.ADiULtu, Satardbiy, May r5.T8of- John Thomas Sergeant; ex-Judge of. the, Suprejme Court of Pennsylvania, died this morning.lack whenever he or any other person thinks he can take it from me."art* favorable, {; he'|jDaarket wad firm, with an. advancing ten- dency. ,1and little opposition bo awakened; but when great, young men. The preamble of the Association was the Saxon, not born by the greed of empire which prompted'aroused, and they'gird themselves for strife. I work to strive, with? the Bible in .one hand and a lation, which Caused Grecians to colonize.What the Lacureate says of great men is equally ap- friendly welcome in- the other,- to Jlead their ' The field of bis education was but • enlarged; heto^tief Ke-»um- ^reda- moun-li. Fort * were* -if, a n d tihed a> * Com-nt the*,•oa the Con::nonwealth Bank.I > e m o e r a t i e m e e t i n g : i n A u g u s t aAiavsTAj (Ja.,Saturday,Maya,iBGOtA large -meeting of the National Democracy i i S t 3»;jjht was addressed by Gov. King of Missouri and Itlr.Flournoy of Arkansas. The remarks were well [re- ceived. Attb>5 .•iose', notice was given that a meetin, "would be hold next Wedne.'idiiy in the county, to s<| delegates to th-- Suite jConvention to appoint delegates to reprerent Georjpa at Baltimore.It is reported hero that tho frost has greatly injured the cotton of Upper Georgia and Alabama.and the Home Government, having reference to impor- tant matters on the Savoy question, and declaring it in- jurious to public service to have questions of .moment referredtoinprivatecorrespondenceunlessthereisalso public' record of the same.Lord Cowley stated that he regarded the motion as28/6 for .old. RJtii jdull at 4/1^4/2 for Common. Spirits Tur- pentine heavy t|J35jjj.LONDON MARKETS.—BRKAOSTUFFS ai-o quiet- butsteady.SuOAMBtejjdy.COFF'XKfirm.TKAingooddemandat )0/4Wl5/'U. BBfcKiifirm. TALLOW quiet.. Lii^KKO OIL.'ZUL PiuIao.N"dullit03lj9.LONDON 3|(.O^E'Y MARKKT.—The London Money•We should J[earn to fear infidelity less, and trust tho that they would not adhere .steadfastly to their designs Bible more. It is God's book, and.ho power can pre- and lawful objects; second, that they would become vail against it. Our fears for it dishonor the book and lukewarm in the cause of God. Ho concluded by ad-itsAuthor.'Wecandomostforitsdefensebyaholy visirigaistrietadherencetotheirduty,andnevertoHis political education, the sovereignty and freedom, of ^ho individual, make him calculated to become tins missionary of tbe world. He bas been taught to, mi- gratefromhometohome,untilhehasno"favoritesjwt as home, in order that he may .regard his field as tha. world. He extends his conjuring po"\yer from ocean to ocean, where be can touch, with one hand the mil- lions ot' China, and with the other the effete civilix- ation of the Old World and the barbarism of Africa**:'GERMAN ,Rxrt:njt.icAN NATIONAT. CON^KNTION.—A.,. ecparate. convention of German radical Republicans, consisting of three delegates from etaeh State in the Union, is to be held at Chicago on the 14th of May, two days" prior to the General Republican Convention. These delegates have already been elected iu nearly aH of the States, the object being to represent.the Ger- mans of their respective communities, and secure tho proper-action of tbe general convention to meet the de- mands of the large number of Germans who now formthe Reciprocity Treaty between the United States and<Sreat Britain w oarritd otit, is a mistake.. The Osw ego have already won, hnd which I will cheorfully,handtivo and stcadi*! ,-bit holders were preaaing thek stocks on the majesty of the Bible. This also must, be remembered— market, which j ev mted quotable improvemeut.The EvrnififC Journal is informed tttatby I*d-GREAT BRITAIN,Normanby brought forward a. resolution complaining con qi:iet. Lai difllut 57/'«559/. Tallow unchanged. ' •plicable here: " Never yet was noble man but makes •weaker brethren i h t h o paths of, rectitude. '* ignoble talk." He makes no friend who never With the good objects of the asHociation they m-ightmade a foe. A book that brings with it truth as high rest assured that they hot ouly had the prayers of the as heaven and deep as hell cannot fail to awaken op- pastors, but tliat-supplications were continually offered position among men. The lessons of our subject are m their bchalfl The dangers which beset them wereleaves the beaten track, and instead of carving marb e» and painting miniatures, he makes men, by'. promul- gating, the image of jjesus Christ. He subduc-a the continent, and .sends corn from tbe Atlantic slope'-of the Allcgbanies to, the Rocky Mountains, and scattersin a disabled state, but 1 wish to obtain wliat.I think Ithat its objects were commendable. It aimed at theSTATK OK! PHADK.—The advices from Manchester; sinall truths (if any can be small) may be proclaimed improvement of the mental and .social condition of can w*as the.lmt and noblest offspring of tbe Anglo-Two hundred pounds are said t<f have been sub- .LivKnroo KAOSTUFKS MARKET.—Richardson, scribed in Liverpool by American captuiua for the ben-efit; of Heenan.Wakelicld,NjJthji.Co,reportCoraGd.better,for.goodquality. In the House of J,ordH on the 24th the Marquist of 'LlVKRPOO PROVISION M-AUKKT.-r-Beef was heavy,and .prices elicit though quotably unchanged.. Pork dull. Ba- tween Lord Cowley, the British Embassador at Paris; Coffee qi>iet. Ijicff'steady. Aahcs-qulet; Tots, 29/ for now, andvery essence of Christianity, and the fiefd of its benev- Rome to plant colonies, nor love of gold, which led tho Vattle against men, then them slumbering wrath i s olence had been well selected. It was indeed a noble Spaniard into South America, nor overcrowded poju.-vice of eminent counsel, a memorial will be preseu ;edto Congress to reopen the Santillan case.The city has been flooded with new counterfeit 0 .*es of secret correspondence having been earned on be- . LlVKTRPOO HjionucE MARKKT.—Sugar steady.so patient that I need detain you but a moment longer. twofold, and lie would warn,them against them; first, from Hudson's Bay to the warm waters of the Gulf:ConsolsA M K U I C A I 'iip'CKS.—Sales hadnois Centrul sh) it 44^42 dis'r-ount; do. Sevens, l«C.f>;(Kree1wnd) at &2; Erie ohui Ba 10k-; do. Third Mortgage bonds at Hi; Now-was slightly cailer. money and nccllmtclosed, on T uesday at • - " — • - -94-fl -i^t)iT,-forthat crime i, ftjarfully increasing in Paris, and that a the .Seamen's Friend Society have accomplished an Tb»? Earl of St. Germans, Lord Steward of the frightful nu ber of murders has bam committed duringthem hi their.mysterious aspect, in their bearings upon the established errors which exist, in every form, then we discovered the lifting of the vail, and for the first time the grandeur of God's workings and his power.The preacher rapidly glanced at the rise and progress of pagan superstition up to the time of Christ'a advent. Since then arrogating priesthoods had set themselves up as Christ, and in ihe concentrated shape of the Papal Hierarchy had assumed the prerogatives of God, and by theirassumption had robbed half of Eu- rope of the simple religion of the hufiible and lowlyKew-Yorkl than in Venezuela. ,, '• ' • . mi.II.-Lieut. Col. Crealock is the Military Secretary to condemned >t^'o months' imprisonment and a fine for the Society, and hoped they would meet with that sup- port from the religious community that they so richlyCIU'KCH DxmeATioN.—-The ceremony of dedicating , the Thin! Reformed Dutch Church, which has just been erected .lit the comer of South Third and Erio streets, Jersey- City, took place yestcnlay. The build- ing is 62 feet front, $8 feet deep, built of brick, with, brown-stone trimmingsin the Ionic style of architec- ture'. .The audience floor contains 138 pews, and ihei • • K3 ./'. •Lord Elgin in his mission to China. Lord Elgin was publishing nanjlaceful articles against the Emperor of deserved. AJiaige audieuce listened with the greatest- to-lcave London on the 28th of April for China. the French: .:on the ship and cargo of tho steamship Hungarian. Turin to baj di awn up an aadress totjie Pope, which, The lArndou Times, in an editorial upon Mr. Hali- alter receiv ie signatures of the clergy ol the king- <; a bnrtoh's speech-in the House of Commons o'n behalf of dom, is to be sent to the Vatican. This document Woman's Hosjutal, if fully detailed, would unfold the timber trade of Canada, censures the cavalier man- places befoil th i eyes of his Holiness the danger of the *' series of acbievem*mts in eurative means forth/' r 'lief ner in which Mr. Gladstone replied, and asserts that present polii of Kotne, and points out that the purest ii of the widdest afflictions to which the tenderer sex the English public is no party to such treatment, which means of \\\ rdiiig them off i» to accept tho propositions~r$ Association we find these wordn: " T h e history ol kwifident,^*the" «re exposed, wholly unparalleled in the records'Dfa »"" ©hhrurgical and Medical art. Thongh science h of •" no paxtj", the patriotic cannot but feel emotions of *l peculiar grstification in the contemplation thatthe••-'it thinks must prove \'?jy offensive to the colony.The weather throughout England continued cold andMAORID,} Apjril 25.—The official Gazelte promul- before the Church Anti-Slavery Society. The churchLONDON, Thursday Evening.—The fuiida opened It was stated that Anstria, Russia, and Prussia had firm at y< iterday's improvement,' with _very little„ /' , ' • • :of ApriL ••-..' -•lown th©.-** it is fall time that New-York should endow this I os- agreed to tbe proposition that the contemplated Euro- business, ii tho share market there is likewise nodelivered not by the immediato interposition of anangel, as in Peter's case, but yet by the graciousProvidence of God. He.willbe able to speak a wordto-night, but next Sabbath evening, God willing, it is, when she banished her priests; never did she stand steamship Jamestown, Caps. Skinne,^ which arrivedarwl the schooh* of Europe are beginning to adopl it,pital properly, and open its .doors to every sulfejjing pean Conference of France on the Swiss question movement ( iuv nortauce. Businessiealmostsuspended,position.'* a4 a c o m -phyofBrooklyny~<$Utd»fheld««InqutaA011thobodyofa found fiostlog in tho waiter «t too Ux>tof Tantbntrovt, (i-.wu- it since h i * i pu4. Prom hi» &x«*» axtd otbor clrcurxuUm««i. be WMsup£ onedshould meet in Paris. The Conference, it is presumed, In the Ri lwiiy share market, business is sdmost atproposed that he shall preach in this house. To-night I have au invitation to give a meeting of 20 minutes in the lecture-room for prayer and' thanksgiving in reference to ,tbc very unexpected deliverance ot our brother, the Rev: Daniel Worth, from prison.higher in her history than when that great step opened up a highway for the Truth in itssimpheity and its power. • vi-lli reference to the Christian Union, tho great law of compensations had been Well UJjMtoged «* »» bjs- tory tuid in its results. jTbe door was now open lor Cbrifiriaos to lavish fortune's, in scattering Bibles,woman who may apply for admission.SryrosKO 8t7iciDit or a-CONVICT.—Coroner Mur-will be composed of the following Powers: Austria, France, England, Spain, Portugal, Prussia, Russia, Sardinia, Sweden, and Switzerland, who will be repre-. aentedbyUrnthenEmbassadorstoFrance.a standstill thij settlement which will commence to? morrow, be ig'iLWaitedby speeuhttors. In several in- stances pricj sane quoted about J cent lower than yes-vesterday afternoon from Richmond, Va,, brought on. 'the two colored boy's who were onered for siUe "* Hampton Roads by Oapt- Brady of. the Britisli schoon-The Paris Flour market was firmer and had ad-*r'^HfimmW***....^^.^.^^^.y,,^, ^..^^^^t^ji^.^^^y^^^.•'•••••-•••••-— •.•-V^H^.^.. ,./•-,^Lb^terian Church, ol which Br. Adams is tbe pastor.A Geneva t egram gays the voting in Faucignv has . Mr. Hastings selected his text,from the First Bookquestion was whether wo should stop and take them in and Foreign Christian Union,and the Rev. Dr. Thomp- ties and clergjj There. was no ballot; not even per- "^]U sat-upon a seatby tho wayside watching, for Ms heart or-ride over them. The conductors would not take son, pastor of the Tabernacle, took part hr the service*.missiontopvn,a[cardExpressinga vote against an-' tremblea^fortheArkof:^ ~';... them in. Should we put the conductors out? Dr.. Alargecongregation,was.present. nexation, and libel•number of voters who have'ab- r The sjeaher commenced by saymg that what the Cheever declared itfto be"the mission of the Church tounanin.ious.harvest in the salvation of eoul8. ' • . ,There was nearly another million of free blacks lyingacross the track of our country's progress, and the The Rev. Dr. Campbell, Secretary of the AmericaaChurch. It is,.under God,, the cohesive power in her the churches apply God's batteries- to the heart and CountD^j\ti&ntemolin.andhisbrotherFerdinand,life.••;• ',.';'':'.'*>^:':-;...: •;,-'",-•";•..-,':.:.'.".,',•'.',-•/'conscience,andthiswouldbedone.Howwasit,then,.TTieannualsermonbeforethisSocietywasdelir-;>.•"tSPAINl • ; •'•.••; •'• and-their valleS ^ ere arrested at Arnpasta,'ncar Tor-He said, Eli need not have trembled for the. Ark sinceit was the Ark of God; and so we need not tremble for(bat- the churches rejected this mission, and.upon the ered last night, in the Presbyterian'. Crmrch corner *oC 1, r*sThe steamship Canadian, from Portland, arrived at.Qneenstown at 6 a, m. of the 26th.Passed 26th, the Kang:iroo, from New-York, 15 upon until the i etu m of, OrDonnell' from .Africa, but With'the Bible, that wo should be neither;surprised nor this age, this nation, and this'very battle against thisbelieved that t ojc< nspirators will be tried by the Sen- fearful concerning it. Though infidelity is thoroughly particular iniquity. The armory of the Word of Godbv the Bev. Prof. IlK^nv B.. SMITH of the' Union < Iheplbgical Seminary, after which the Rev. Dr. ASA. ?X?miles east of Capo Clear: 28th, the American ships ate. •', •'• '••' unreasonable,-yet there are • reasons ibr expecting it ofeast; £9th, the American ship Isaac W ebb; May 5, and negotiati(]|is i >r;carry ing out the conditions of • Consider the antagonism. between the Bible and. of the latest H ehrew lexicon had put dow n against theer of the evening. , V . , ' ^ „.„.. Dr. FISHER' began bf stating that twenty-one yearsago it had'been his privilege, as one of the inerobert, to •'• addrees thissocietv on its nrst anniversary occasion, and two years subsequently, by reqjnest of the Direc- tors, be again addressed the society; after which time, though deeplv interested in the objects for which t b e \ society was formed,, he had been called to give hia -fy attention to the new enterprise with which he wasnovr' . connected, and had lost sight, to a ceitain extent, of tha society. If, therefore,"in the presen^ address he shouldwas as veiily prepared for this warfare as the coal was Rufns Choato, and Thomas Harward of Bath, hound The Moorish Pie ipptentiary had arrived at Tetuani human hearts. •',.'.-'• laid •down in.ages past for present use. The authorBritish ship Henry, off Bird Rock, Gulf of St. Law- peace had comf lenfled. rence; May 6, British ships Pride of Canada andhuman nature. Human nature is fallen—is in ruins. There is in it an inertia which resists that reconstruc- tion'which is the purpose of the Bible. Human nature isdipeased, and the Bible is remedial; and that whichThe King ccj&tmiaed his triumphant progress througheqi«^trian »t«tne <*f Washington.' He stated thnt there The steamship City of Washington sailed from his new domin pnsji He was at Leghorn on the 23d. f is remedial is always for the true jprinciple. The humanthis Book, since it is the Book of God. And yet some- Serform it. pounced upon him and tried to cry nira FisHKR, President of Hamilton University. The ,<'t\times solicitude is stronger than faith,;- W e fear thechurchwaswell-filled. . ,..:'(,• • •.;.-"Word which meant large store -of husbandry, "gangs of slaves.^' This was the way in which the church of God was used for the purposes of Slavery.' When the churches were aroused into genial and compre- hensive efiort then the work would be done. It had beenThe crimina |prc-ceedings at Bologna against Father intellect is full, of prejudices of false conyUstions: it is in his part to preach from the Apostle Paul according toITALY. ,Consider.also how much the. Bible suffers from itia YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA TION. only to conquer but to hold—bringing alike plenty and-professed and real friends. Think what a load of fee- ble and false interpretations this Divine Word is com- pelled to carry 1 How prqfessed Christians burden it with their ignorance, prejudice, theories, and bigotry!SERMON BY THE REV. DR. MONTGOMERY.peace to people, from the frigid to the torrid zones,. over whom they may attain power. A race like, this was destined for vast good in the history of the world.On Sunday evening the Rev. Dr. Montgomery preaehed the annual sermon before the Young Men'sirtiidelity may be found in'the greatness of the:Bible—- the wants of .the human spirit* It also furnished aa book so great in its scope that it cannot be apprecia- boundless'field for the human intellect, and-provided tribute from all peoples, fro.m'tl>e seas of inhospitable,becoming the carriers of all nations, gathering peaceful ted by glancing at it hero and there. It requires pa- for. tn e material wants of humanity. Christianity in eternal ice, to the sweltering tropics. This first effectrrii iiiitientanddiligentresearch. Itisnotstrangeifsoiue itselfwasadaptedtohumanityasitis. Referringtowasreflective. Thenationwhichtakesmustalsogive., Hence the ifland became a workshop for the world of, broad, reaching, practical science. The Anglo-Ameri-rugged, uncompromising principles ave sent forth to doconfidence and a holy life.THE SEAMEN'S FRIEND SOCIETE.SERMON 1JY .THE REV . Ml*. CLARK. ••stlay noon.—Consols have been steady the German, the Italian, and men from all. lands and all the luomini th little or nothing doing; the price 94 lG-\(j'c6 all climes, meet in one common brotherhood. If the!>5J- Indiana 4i 106.J. Shares were inactive but prices steady Gospel teachings were properly expounded, among inquire wherein was the secret of the matter. , TlieL O N D O N ,the Malay and the Ethiope, the Kanaka, and all others earth, appeared to be inadequate to the great mission enormous sum of £263,000 (nearly $1,125,000), which " LATEST '-m HuNCAnv.—A letter from Pesth bays the glorious promises of the Christian religion, and they for.which it was intended.$50;.$50,£>0,$*>,*10,4F5,"etc.,which,alltold,areLondon. - ., areregardeafbytheHungariansasofnovaluewhatplaceintheworldsoappropriatefor'aChristianrevivalChristianitysoughtnottoconfineitselftothehea-haveadvicesfromPortoCabellotoApril18. HvhoUy inade'iuate tq^ sustain it properly. During the The entire loss will bo.met from the Banka profits; a ever. TheJ contain nothing more than vague prom- as the deck of a ship. The child of the sea is a noble, then nations where original paganism was the rule, but Manuel Felipe Touar has a confirmed majority forsum of jCIi'OjWK) drawn from the reserved fund and i6cs.,.and it IH tl that Austrian promises to do good courageous, bold man, familiar with danger, open ana it had a mission to the old and the new worlds, whero President of 44,000. He is pronounecd by all the best, last year not less than seventy women were tuijned capitalized will b«; transferred back, the present re- are never r< ::d. This in tlie unanimous opinion of generous-hearted. He is the carrier of the world, a transformed paganism had been governing multitudes.;•> s~ i'•away from itn doors on account of its limited resources served J'ruid will be* swept away, and the remainder the Nationa •ty. . ' • ' , ; . lands a t all- ports, now leaving one cargoin the name.of Christ. Underlying tlie words of the man in the country. The.fir.st result of this' event isU:' to receive additional inmates. If it were a great )tos- will be provided for from the profits of the present' year.FIIAKCK. and taking another- on board. Help him t o The Emp>|| bas decided, on two military,.exnedi-.' get rid of his cargo of vice and.laden him with ^hc vir-text was the development that a great cloud of gloomy mystery hung over the secret Of those forces necessary to be exercised with/a view to tho victory of truth over error. There was a gloomy mystery.', enveloping the plans.of God's government in-iiegard to the great agencies which were at ^.s-ork to eradicate error. - Af-that merchants have more confidence in the precerva-' tion of peace and the progress of the republic. There , are rumors that Gen. Paez will return; but most of: the people thhik otherwise, as ho has not one influen- tial political friend in the country, and his personal\ • - :pital it would, attract multitudes. When i t is con «d- The delinquent carried on unsuccessful stock opera-Algeria and the other from jjSeilgal, to proceed to Timbuetoo, where necessity of adequate action in this matter is clear. means of a forged passbook representing an account they are to jnitji. A large sum has been placed to thein the Bible a standpoint which' beamed out a light that revealed the fact that never was there,reason to- be .less hopeful- than at the time when the Psalmist penned-the words of the text. Tlie covenant whichThe rumi thjit the Moorish Plenipotentiaries havenot Kuilieieil authority to negotiate, has unfavorably of the Rev. Daniel Worth. A collection was taken in "families of the earth be blessed," had been remem-persons., The basement, when completed,wi,U lie set • ai art for tbe Sunday-School meetings, Bible Class, and other 'UJPCS. . Tbe interior of the church is finished and furuish.ed in an elegant style. The entire cost v»ul bo about $33,000. In the morning, the sermon wvd dedirv catory services wore by the pastor, tho R c v ^ C !*•iWells, and the Rev. Dr. Taylor of Bergen*. In the*contained ii the.jletter of King Victor Emanuel.little anxiety regarding agricultural prospects. live to the 4 ^tradition of sailors. /. : sermon, Dr. Cheever made feeling allusion to the casewiniry. Spring was very backward, and gave some gates the c< iv(;ntion between Spain and England rehv waB crowded as usual.? In the >prayer preceding thezIJ'jnor. Theafternoon and evening, sermons were preaehwxl by* tbx* J ct.^TKHXyVia QvccnUoim.Dr. Cheever preached from tbx*following text: vanced one frauo per sack. Shore was it short 'supply. L:vsiU'0oii AprjJ^, p. a».—CVTVO.N; SaU)» yt5»toia»y u«d to- "Thua Btdth tlw Lorcf God, Feed. the. nock of the slaughter,Untitled Document/ •cherish in their own case any vice which they ought to correct in others.;, •'rh" . UNION." ' ..'- y SERMON BY THE REV. DR. HAGJJE.uGod had made with Abraham, In thee ishall all thei •I"fi5where, sevon years ago,. the old Pope hadsuprom control. Sardinia, by the grace of God, had becomo Italy—was Italy. Victor Emanuel: laughed w the papal bull of, excommunication, and, justiiko Lather; n( j^^r^mori!^•ue, s%g, ^e|3roaIftWf , 'God is ourI t w a sespecially in the setting at work of whole systems of agencies to that end, that God selects special' iftstra ments, the truth of which was indicated everywhere in, the Bible and all along the history of the church, inan obvious fact, in the conversion,;? ...^*:•:•'.. . ' ' ( ';.( . •.- UThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069/www.fultonhistory.com•MMtaawwaww^teM<wW<MWW<*^^ 