 Tittwagon at Stamford. Conn., and was thrown from his' "TheGuacho," "ElSlanero," and other articles for vehicle upon a pile of atones. He lay without con- The Atlantic Monthly. One of the last acts of the latethat the land-shark interest was In vain the Chamber of Com-ne,toin Mr. id th«ya ose*x-totion is expressed that they were not punished more severely. • . 'The Kiowa Indians are becoming so troublesome.onthe Arkansas route, that many personswho had startedfor the StateB by that thoroughfare have returned, andare taking tbe Platte road. A few days since theThe fact i3, the whole system of manning ships, as pursued here, is radically wrong. No inducement whatever is offered to the sailor to make his home in the ship, and co with her voyage after voyage, as they do in European vessels. On the contrary, so soon asa distance of about sixty feet. His skull was badly fractured, his legs' and thighs broken, and his body horribly mangled. Life was entirely extinct when the body was taken up. Deceased leaves a widow and four children, residing in Bidge street, near Staunton. The body was removed to the Sixth Ward Station- House, where an inquest will be held this morning.property cannot fall a dollar short of $40,000,000, and that ita annual increase is about $3,000,000. iYours, A FKIKN» or Purrus. Monday, August 20, 1S(50.SWORN Iy.-rAt the Mayor'" office yesterday the fol- lowing persons were sworn into office: Augustus Wlnan*. Thos. McDougal, and Thomas Calkin, IuKp««ctor» of Contract Work of the Croton Board, and D. V. Nostrand, appointed for similar ser- vice in the Street Department by the Street Commissioner.A LITTLE SCENE.—Yesterday a sight seldom wit- nessed, was presented to Ibe pstro»s of one of the city railroads. In one of the cars, on iU trip up town, th«re were three pair of twins, each representing * nationality. First, uesrest the door,Tw© haro never w*n one that pleased as altogether so XBndn,iH>tonfyforitt&^neseofthe games in dispu'e. As the affair how stands, crowd who witnessed*the young man's peril Beemed Mr. Morphy seems to have the best of his adversary. paralyzed. Mr. Stickell's attention was directed to thewhom five have been whites, according to the verdict sunstroke', 3." The total from chronic disease was 146,We upholdthe action of these committees, so far as infantile, 34; disease of the heart,JO; debility; infan- in a frightful manner, and seriously injuring the other*in. d recent letter. Mtys: integrity, and his uniform gentiemanlineaa of behavior, **Inthemeantime,Ihadalongconferencewith arestrongargumentsinhisfavor.those below him, when, without a moment's hesita- wherein the slow processor the law canubt be trusted-tion,andwithoutabalance-pole,,hefearlesslywalked Itisoneofthosecaseswhereinthegreatlawofself- Therewere36deathsfromexternalandothercauses, attendanceforhim. OnthesameeveningaladyCol- Forb*», an old comrade of Garibaldi's, who served with Mm throughout the campaign of 1848, and for whom be entertains a high opinion. The Colonel has heeh appointed commandant of the citadel and districtof Heiazzo which ie about to be converted into a for-ftrae* of great strength, and established as the depot of "the expedition, ite natural advantages for this purpose being of the first character; indeed, this was the object to which it was devoted by the British, when, iu the ieartypanof this century, they besieged and took it from the French, a feat that took them six months of storm work. The Commandant is commi»sioned with the organization of the establishment, a difficult process—An interesting collection of autographs in the pos-session of a gentleman of this city contains a letter fromthe entire length of the mill oh the rope, over the 62 feet chasm, and rescued the young man from an awfuldefense demands that committees should act in their primary capacity, and rid themselves and mankind of all the cut-throats they canlay their hands upon..not depending on climate or season, of which there were from casualties 8; drowned, 5; delirium tremens, 2; killed or murdered, 1; suicide, 1. Classified as tonamed Mary A. Hines, living at No. 53 Henry street, got upon one of the cars of the same line, and requested to be left at the corner of Bowery and Division street.amid the heartiest shaking of hands and kissing and hugging. The entrance, of the other Alexander into Babylon was doabtlees a very grand affair, yet I doubt if it caused as ejeat a sensation as did the arrival of the modern Alexander into tins town of Catania."Pole in Western Dakota, where two old mountain men are confident of finding gold. And several hund- red miners (many of whom left paying diggings here)amounting to about 700 British soldiers and Canadian militia, with 100 Indians. Early one morning the Americans succeeded, after a sharp conflict, in landing a force of 1,700 men, from fourteen armed ships, inAmount earned by weepers Amount earned by dlrt-cartmen Amount earned by aah-cartmen.Total amount.... » • • • • • •SYRIAN SUBSCRIPTION.—Win.$1,069 87J 763 94 1,793 42—Blondin called at this office yesterday, apparentlynone ihe worse for his recent roasting. He is a little,- Commissioner to Ghent, 1813-14; Ministerto England,A detachment of the Eighth Begiment were sent out toprevent die landing, if possible, and in the fierce strug-gle whirh ensued in the woods and thickets, they lostmore than half their number of men. One accountstates that when thev left thefort they were 120 strongsbut on the following morning only 25 answered to their, Ti. A. Edwards names. Gen. Sheaffe, at the head of his small force,made a stout resistance; but finding the enemy wereA. Booth,fair-haired, wiry fellow; with a keen bine eye, as bright and piercing as an eagles. His grip is vice-like in its firmness, and altogether he looks as the Boman might who knows no fear. On the 10th or 12th of September he will commence his exploits at Jones's Woods, walking over a 2,000 feet rope, stretched from masts 200 feet above the ground. On the 29th inet., at the Falls, he will cross over his rope at 4 o'clock, with a woman on his back, and at 9p. m. in a blaze of iire-1815-17; Secretary of State under Monroe, 1817-24;President, 1824-29, and Member of Congress from 1831to 1847, the date of his death. Thus, in a period offifty-three years, the intervals between tbe laying downof one office and the assumption of another, amount, of the tooth of time. On attempting to use it, the han-$20 Geo. Schmelrel $100Newspaper some two years since, received from Lord works. On the occasion of the visit of- the Prince of Malmesbury an appointment as student-interpreter at10 O. R. KiugsleyWales to the Cataract, Blondin will cross the rope on stilts four feet high.—A gentleman who came passenger from Havana in the Quaker City, reports that when he left, Mr. Fow- ler, our ex-Postmaster, was down with the yellowfever.the English Consulate in Shanghae. He immediately proceeded to China, and has since so well employed his time that in a recent examination of more than thirty interpreters attached to the various British Consulates in China, many of whom had resided there some years, he was placed third on the list. He has since been ap- pointed, at a liberal salary, one of the interpreters to20Total.. .$1,719THE NEW EEGISTRATION ORDINANCE.—The' first Monday in the month is the time specified for making the monthly returns of marriages and deaths, but a falling off of about 50 from the returns of the previous month would seem to indicate a disregard of this ordi- nance. Acting in accordance with Bishop Hughes's prbnunciamento, not a single Catholic clergyman has made a report of a marriage ceremony performed.*The Mercantile Library, and the down-town office at No. 59 Liberty street, were cloaed yesterday for clean- ing and repairs. They will be opened on the 3d ofSeptember.mTHE MAYOR AND THE CROTON BOARD.—The Mayor yesterday addressed two notes of inquiry to the Croton Board, in reference to the work on the four-feet main in Fourth avenue, asking if a contract had been awarded for the job, and if so, at what price, and also the estimated cost of the work if it is done by days' labor.metst for their unremitting kindness and courtesy.With best wishes, we are. Sir. yours, very respectfully, Signed—Lucy C. Lobedell, Josephine Barlel, Eebecoa Jess-kins, Martha T . Griffin. Margaret Buchanan. John Cochran, J . T. Baird, H. E. Banks, J. Williamson, John Lloyd, Or. Alexr. Buchanan, F . P . S G., Edward H. Goodell, Dwigfct W . Marsh, the chief cabin passengers of the Etna.(corr.) rThe steerage passengers of the steamship Etna beg leave to re- turn their sincere thanks to Capt. Anderson, his officers and crew for their unceasing endeavors to promote their comfort, heaitis* and enjoyment during the present voyage from Liverpool to New-Y ork.The quantity and quality of provisions, together with the ex-treme cWnliness aud courtesy practiced by the stewards, call for tbeir'unqualified praise and approval. We, therefore, pray that Capt Anderson may long be spared t« command the Etna, and that be and those under bim may con- tinue to earn the blessings of those who commit themselves'to> their charse.Signed on behalf of the steerage passengers,•> • • Y J A M E S R O B B . ,On board of the Etna. Aug. 18, I860.THE CITY POST-OFFICE CARRIES*.—The follow-ing order, issued by tbe Postmaster, gives the time at which letters are gathered from and delivered at th« various stations throughout the city:POHT-OFVICK, NKW-YOKK. Aug. 20,186S.The wagons and messengers of the Carriers' Departaaent leev« *—Bufus K. Browne of New-York has recently re-ceived the appointment of Resident Surgeon in the Long the Legation. . Mr. Mayera's facility of acquiringIsland College Hospital, Brooklyn.—Mr. A. H. Davenport, the comedian, met with a serious accident on the 14th inst. He was driving in atongues was well known to his friends in this country. Although not yet 22 when he left New-York, he not only read and spoke eight or ten different languages, but was familiar With their literatures. He wrotethe men,, they foundtoo strong for them.merce resolved; in vain the mercantile community pledged themselves one to another. Ships could not be sailed without sailors; the boarding-house men kept Jack under lock and key, or mobbed him whenever he went to ship without hia advance, and eventually com- merce couldn't afford to sacrifice cash to conscience, by keeping ships waiting after sailing day, and Mr. Shark got MB month's advance, or blood-money, as hereto- fore, for every man, drunk or sober, whom he put on deck. It seems that the sailors' landlords, elated by past success, have gone even further than this in their demands upon the mercantile community. W e are told:" There is at present in this city a large number ofofficers and seamenunemployed, who are very anxiousto procure ships. This they are unable to do, owingto certain regulations adopted by the Association ofsailor boarding-house landlords. One of these regula-tions is; that provided a man is shipped on board of avessel in this port, who does not board with a memberof this association, they will remove the men ^vhornthey have shipped. By this procedure, the ship is de-tained, and the owners, from necessity, will removetheuobhoxioua person, and his place will be filled byon*ofthe boarders. Should the shipping-master, in-terfere, another resolution provides that the said as-sociation will suspend businesswith him for sixty,days.. Messrs. Patten &. Terry of Albany, will again be This practice has, in several instances, broken up re-sciousness for some time before he was discovered, and was then taken to his home upon a mattress. He was very badly bruised and cut.—Among all the attractions which make the vicinity of Boston so desirable a place of residence, is just now a live and active anaconda, who was, at the latest ac- counts, roaming about the neat village of Somerville. He was boarded and lodged for some time at the Mu- seum of Natural History in Cambridge; either the food or the sleeping arrangements were unsatisfactory to the constrictor, and he slipped out for a change ofMr. Prescott was a letter to Mr. Mayers, accompany- ing a presentation set of his complete works.—Dr. Duncan Forbes; whose. " History of Chess " is announced by W. H. Allen & Co. of London, is the Oriental Professor at the University of London, and author of the best Persian and Hindustani grammars. The germ of his present work appeared in TJte Illus-trated News in 1854-5, and completely overthrew the hypothesis of Mr. Bland, who, in an essay published by the Boyal Asiatic Society in 1851, endeavored to prove that the game originated not in India, but inthis office for the upper stations at the hoars following, mopping &t the intermediate stations:air. For six weeks he traveled incognito—perhaps Persia. Dr. Forbes'swork, embracing the period fromIRON BAILING.—Tbe Fuller's Iron Railing Company are offering for sale their new styles of Bailing at No. 426Broadway. We recommend those in want of this article to look at their advertisement in the proper column.3^0 p. m., arriving at the upper stations at 4:30 p. m. Wagons and messengers leave the apper stations for this offioaat the hours following, stopping at the intermediate stations: 7:35 a. m., arriving at this office 8:40 a.m.made up his arrears of slumber; but the other day,two children were playing in a garden of Somerville,and there the monster lazily showed himself, hungrily;yawning. Instead of being charmed by the fellow, theelder girl seized her sister and fied to the house. Thereshe fainted, while the other gave- the alarm. Withtiembling steps and quaking hearts, the family turnedout to search for the reptile, and after some time thethe origin of the game to its introduction into Europe, now appears entirely rewritten and greatly enlarged, and will altogether supersede the crude treatises ofLumb, Twiss, and Giinther-Wahl upon the same sub- ject. • ."•«'—Private letters from Stockholm state that there is much talk in the Court circles of the Swedish capital of a rumored vieit to this country and Brazil, during.9:30 a. m., arriving at this office 10:45 a. m. 11:00 a. hi., arriving at this office 12:00 m.1:30 p.m., arriving at this office 2:30p.m.' 2:20 p. m., arriving at this office 3:25 p.m. 4:00 p. m., arriving at thin on">o<»7:00 p. m., arriving at this office 8:00 p. m.boa was seen coming easily out of a rye field adjoiningthe garden. As soon as he saw the hostile party, he the coming Winter or next Summer, of Prince Oscar,FIRE ESCAPE.—The new fire escape, patented byslunk beneath a neighboring barn, where, he is still the brother of the King, and Lord High Admiral of thespectable firms, and, the persons have sought other exhibited to-day, at 2 o'clock, p. m., from the sixthsupposed to lie, inasmuch as there is a terrible scream- ing heard at intervals, supposed to indicate the fact that the serpent loves poultry, and that he has no con-.scientious scruples about helping himself to chickens, many of whom are missing. How to get him out is now a question of some importance to the people of the place. Meanwhile, it is probable that furnished houses can be procured at moderate prices in Somerville. Tae anaconda is thirteen feet long, and has a notoriously bad temper. A white adder escaped with him, and unless the greater has eaten the lees, more enakes may yet he seen.—The Newport correspondent of Tlie Evening Post says that Mr* Belmont has recently purchased, for $47,000, fourteen acres of land fronting on Bellevue avenue, and extending easterly to " The Cliffs," and that he will probably build a villa not inferior to thaterected by Mr. Baxeda.—At a session of the City Council of Augusta, Ga., recently held, a resolution was offered proposing to call a public meeting for the purpose of considering " the affront put upon Minister Dallas by Lord Brougham."Swedish Navy.—A portrait of Professor Charles C. Bafn, the Se- cretary of the Boyal Society of Northern Antiquaries of Copenhagen, has been ordered of a Danish artist by the Hon. George Folson, LL.D., who intends to deposit it in the-gallery of the New-York Historical Society. Professor Bafn has earned the gratitude of every. American historical scholar, by the able man. ner in which he edited the Antiquitates Americande, a large quarto volcme, giving the original Icelandic do-business, where they will* not be subjected to such tyranny."story of Lovejoy's Hotel.than I then did, it is because even then I esteemed you By tae casting vote of the Mayor the resolution was thoroughly, and loved you with entire affectiQn. It isand Charles Ammon were arrested yesterday byOfficer Thorn, of the Thirteenth Precinct, for sellingpearB about the street by false measure. The measureslost.—Col. Cunningham, for many years the editor ofT7te Charleston News, bae withdrawn from the edito rial chair.not among my least comforts that, assured of youranswering attachment, I can subscribe myself, dearWilliams ! your old and etedfast friend," Grove, Hvjhffate. S. T. COLERIDGE."The object of the friendship expressed in this hap-were taken to the Statioh-House, and tested, when an American mother with two fine bovs Second, a Scotch mother with a boy and a girl: these had rather a meager look,after ward reproduced in Staunton's Chess Praxis. thenticity, stating that he had aever met Mr. Deaconover the hoard. This was folio wed ,by a reply from Mr. Deacon, in the London newspapers, alleging that the games were played, just after Mr. Morphy's return from France, at the British Hotel ii London, in the presence of Colonel Deacon, the writer's couein, whoseEvery mail brings us accounts of some new outbreak —some further disturbance—some incendiarism, or some murder in the interior; and nearly all of these thing* jixe directly traced to negrces who have been tampered with by white men,, or to vagabond white Abolitionists themselves.That there has.been anything like a well-matured plot for an insurrection, beyond the limits of the. Coun- ties of Dallas, Ellis, and Denton, we do not believe; bnt that white men have passed through very many counties in the State, stirring up disaffection in the minds of the negroes, we have the most undoubted evi- dence. There may have been a plot concocted, to be extended through the whole State. Perhaps there was. If so, it has defeated itself—the first note of alarm hav- ing put the people in every section on the alert, and set them to watching.Still there is mischief yet lurking among us. The emissaries of the plot, if plot there was, though foiled in their origiUalplan. yet appear to be traveling about the' country. The fires at Austin, Henderson, and other places, and the attempted fires.in Tyler, Gilmer, and a dozen other towns, unerringly point to this con- clusion. Beside th^B fires, negroes are daily discov- ered in different parts of the State, at points widely different from each other, supplied with arms and am- munition. Bnnawavs are taken up. who, under the lash, confess that they were enticed away by white men. Insubordination on plantations leads to inquiry, and in all cases investigations show that the^ seeds' of disaffection have been sown in the minds of the slave3.In ev»ry part of the State the people are watchful. Vigilance committees, composed of the best citizens. have been formed in nearly every county. Scarcely a day passes but some agent of those committees passes through Houston, having in charge a suspicious char-each 25 by 100,each8 lots adjohiiug. on Weehawken-st., each7 lot* ou Cai.tolo»t, 25 by 100. each4 lots cor. Bull's Ferry Road and C»ut««lo-st.. each. 190 2 lots adj. in rear, on C«ntelo-str, each 134testimony although promised, has not yet been given.Subsequently, Mr. J. D. Sybrandt, Swedish-Norwe-gian Consul in New^Orleans, and the brother-in law of seems. The Augusta (Ga.) Dispatch of the 11th inst.STEALING FROM A SHII\—John Harland was com- mitted to the Tombs on'Sundav morning by Justice Welsh, onMr. Morphy publishes, through his friends, a state-ment to the effect that he was constantly with Mr.Morphy at the time indicated, and can confidently as-sert that the American player never encountered Mr. above-named'place. Twelve persons took him fromDeacon. The only member of the English press, •whkh zealously supports the cause of Mr. Deacon, is the Illustrated News, and its che*s editor, Mr. Staun- ton, whose comments upon Mr. Morphy a? a player have uniformly been characterized by considerable acrimony, has com eouently been accused of complicitythe Sheriff's custody, giving bonds for his re-delivery, after which they tried, sentenced, and executed the murderer, returning his ashes to the officer."—The Buffalo Republic gives the following account of an extraordinary exploit performed by Mr. John Stickell, a carpenter, who is engaged in building a mill: The building, a brick structure, was up to theMlNUTCHlttDX On,, and D*«rXKKicOTTr«L*f Advortisement. 1in the so-caBei fraud. On this side of the water tbe square; a. number.of neighbors, perhaps several hund-City Inspector's reportforOUTRAGES ON THE SECOND-AVENUE BAILROAD.—A lad named Charles Boee, aged 9 years, living at No.172 Bivington street, was ran over and dangerously ten out, would settle the question and bsdicste the exact pi*©*battle has been waged by the Saturday Press andthe Spirit of tie Ti-mes of this city, and the EveningJournal and Evening Bulletin at Philadelphia witba bellicose vehemence little in consonance with theboasted peaceful and philosophical character cf the no- brick wall near the rope, and a young man ble gam*. In fact, the conduct of the belligerents re- in his employ was on the wall at the oppositeminds one, in a small way, of the famous Rowley and Inland controversies. The journal last named; whose weeklycbesscolumnisinameasureeontroHsdbyEnglish players, stoutly advocates the geauine-•-side of the building, at the end of the rope; theyoung man fell, and in falling caught the rope, butat Seventy-ninth street, there being no conductor on the car.. The driver, instead of complying with the child's request,.passed Seventy-ninth street at a high rateofspeed. Theboy,seeingthathe:wasbeing—Perry, the crayonist, is about to open an art-es-Crayon Art Gal- \nor enjoyed such a long and uninterrupted official ca- career as John Quincy Adams. He was Minister to the Netherlands, under Washington, 1794-96; Minister to Portugal, 1796-97; Minister to Prussia during the Adniinistration of his father, 1797-1803; Sen itor, 1803-8; Minister to Bussia under Madison, 1809-13;Dead cows removed from citylimitstablishment in Boston, similar to the leryinthiscity.The restless American tendency, not only to go Westward,buttogotothefurthest place,findsmany illustrations here. Should reports be received here to- day of the discovery of rich diggings in the heart of China, a party of adventurous Pike's Peakers would be on the way there before to-morrow night. A com- pany started for New-Mexico, drawn thither by reports.—The versatile T. B. Aldrich has in preparation a collection of tales and eesaya strung together, -after the manner of the Arabian Nights, by a thread of hu- morous and entertaining narrative.Fish—Number of pounds •Poultry—Number of pounds.Other Meats—Number of pounds............Sheep and Cxoats............................................Street-Cleaning.Nnmber of laborers employed »Number of carts employedNumber of loads ofasbes and garbage removed Number of loads of street dirt, filth, itc., removed1,570 1,?25 1,170<>when acded together, to lees than two years.—Mr. W . S. F . Mayers, a native of the British Col-ony of Tasmania, while engaged upon Frank Leslie'sepot were richly rewarded, for the fortunate discover- ers succeededin taking out $2,700 in a few days. They were then compellea to return for provisions, when the facts leaked out through injudicious friends; and now many persons are endeavoring to track them back to this new depository of treasure. This is all of the above interesting story which will appear in your present issue. The subsequent chapters, as the devel- opments of the case shall justify, can be found only in future numbers of T H E N. Y . TRIBUNE.There is a somewhat marked incongruity between the present and past pursuits of many of the miners. Mr. H . W . Colver, who hag been for several years a practitioner of law in New-York, and still has an office there, is engaged in running a large quartz mill in the G)egoryDiggings. Whenithasbeenputintosuccess- ful and systematic operation, he designs spending only a few months in the year here, coming out for recrea- tion during the heated term. It would be superfluous to add that he is a strong advocate of the Pacific Bail- road. \A former banker from Leavenworth is now in the mines,, engaged in selling pies! He was a deacon in one of the Presbyterian churches in Eastern Kansas; here, be retails whisky on Sunday. Last year, on the Republican route, I encountered an ex-Cincinnati lawyer, and an actress from the New-York Bowery Theater, united in bonds matrimonial, and engaged in keeping a stage station on .the-.Great Plains, four hun- dred miles from civilization.A boy in the diggings was recently detected stealing a pair of blankets. As his clothing was meager and the weather cold, his case enlisted considerable; sym- pathy; but he was found guilty, and sentenced to re- ceive a hundred lashes. On account of his callow age^ they were lightly laid on, and he bore tnem without a murmur. At the conclusion of the flagellation, he asked, " Is that all 1 why, I have been whipped worse than that at school." It was suggested by an indig- nant bystander that, this being the case, he should re- ceive twenty-five additional lashes. " O no, gentle- men," replied the" precocious youth, with a vast dealof dignjty, " you can't do that; the law gives you no rightrto punish me twice for the same offense!" After this retort he was permitted to escape unharmed; and he may yet become a shining light in the legal pro- fession. •Beturningfrom Gregory's by the Mount Vernon road, I found the route abounding in scenery of picturesque and striking beauty. One of the canons, whose rug- ged walls rise to the hight' of a thousand feet, and are studded with pines and fure, is threaded by a pellucid stream, which winds toward the Platte, as yet untaint- ed by the mud from tbe gold-seekers. A frightful hill, nearly a mile in leogth, is the terror of all the animals and teamsters upon the thoroughfare. A heavy Gov- ernment wagon, lastweek< venturing a few inches be- yond the ruts, rolled down its precipitous side, and was pulverized nearly into its original atoms, andthe unfor- tunate, oxen, who came "out with broken horns and fractured ribs, are now endeavoring to recover in a sort of bovine hospital in the vicinity.As the telegraph has advised you, the trial of Wood, the gambler, for attacking the editor of. TJie Rockythem, but when opposite the fort the powder-magazine exploded, and 200 Americans, with their commander, Gen. Pikk were killed on the spot, and also a number of British soldiers. It is stated that large numbers of the slain were buried near the spot where the bodies wsre found on Friday. • The remains were carefully collected, placed in a box, and buried by a fatigue party belonging to the Boyal Canadian Bifles."CITY ITEMS.. '••THE CRIMPS.—Some years ago, when our merchantsundertook to break up the system of paying advance wages to seamen, and thereby cut off the main source of profit from the crimps and sailor's boarding-house keepers, as well as improve the morals and means ofJournal «/, Commerce. 100 I L L . RJames A. Briggs, through J bos W . Olcott. AlbanyJournal of Commerce.. 3 \ Roman CatholicNEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE,TUESDA Y , AUGUST 21, 1860.—The Stcflisn correspondent of The London. Rem, His remarkable memory, his hitherto unimpeachable young man's situation by the murmur of awe from it has ceme to our knowledge. It is one of those cases tile, 9; dropsy, 8"; dropsy in the head, 8; cancer, 6. He was nicked up by the police, who procured medicalcuments concerning the pre-Columbian discovery of Mountain News,t resulted in his being warned out of the county. He and his companion, Bucker,were verythis continent, and by other treatises on subjects con- nected with the antiquities and ethnology of this coun- try. • • •' • - .'•''—The following unprinted lines are written on the fly-leaf of a volume of Coleridge's Lay Sermons, now in a private library near New-Y ork, in the neat hand of the genial author.. The. volume was published in 1816, but the lines are dated•" 12th October, 1832." It is many, many years, my dear Williams !- since this volume was first placed in your hands; and if I do not regard you now with greater love and esteemglad to escape so easily, but universal public indigna as this ?—A violent war of words is at pre?ent prevailingamong chess-players on both sides of the Atlantic. bookmark of the volume, was Mr. J. H. B. Williams. and actually succeeded in walking ba.ck to a point with-The cant* belli is an alleged forgery by a a Eoglishplayer of some note. Some months after Mr. Morphy'Bvisi; to Europe, Mr. F . Deacon sent to the LondonIllustrated News copies of two games, purporting tohave been contested between himself and the youngAmerican- They were publisHed iu that journal and Sommer at Fort Washington, engaged upon a newin four miles of the Fort,, where he was found and takenment of the passengers, they were twins also. Tbe ladies were about 23 years of aae, '•hlle the babies were respectively four, seven, and nine months. Owe of the mothers who had. in- clude TIC the twins four children with her, stated that she had five more children at home. . (Com. Adv.SALES OK REAL ESTATE! AT AUCTION—Aug. 20, I860, by Adrian H. Muller:HOBOKJtN ntoj'KUTY.4 lots commencing cor. Bull's Ferry Road and Weehawk*u-«t.,literary work, which is to see the light early in the Mr. Morphy, in a card, immediately denied their au- coming Winter.' * .pily-written and pleasant note, as \ appears from the—Bichard Henry Stoddard, the poet, and Mrs. Stod- in by a party of friendly Arapahoes. He is now re-were lacking in circumference. . The prisoners weretaken before Justice Steers, who fined them $5 each, tle oues, two lidics entered the car, and to add to the astonish-dard are passing a few weeks at the residence of Bay- ard Taylor's father in Chester County. Pa.covering.A. D. R.a»d, in default of payment, locked them up.MORE COUNTERFEITS.—Beware of counterfeit five dollar bills of the Manufacturing Bank of Brooklyn, now in circulation.VILLAINOUS OUTRAGE.—At about 9 o'clock on Sun-day evening, as a young woman was passing alongFourteenth street, between Ninth and Tenth avenues,a gang of about a dozen scoundrels seized upon anddragged her into a vacant lot, and committed a fiendishoutrage on her person, and were only stopped by theapproach of Officer Havens, of the Twenty-sixth Pre-cinct, who at first was at a loss to comprehend theirmovements. A moaning t r y from the girl, however,attracted his attention. He found her lying on the con plair.t of John Collins, of No. 49 Monroe street, who charge,—T. Addison Bichards, the artist, is spending theFRIGHT. From The Houston Telegraph.—Mr. Charles Dudley Warner, who has lately be- come one of the. editors of The Hartford Evening Press, was a frequent contributor to the pages of Put- nam's Monthly in its palmy days, and is the compiler of the "Book of Eloquence," a collection of the beet short prose and lyrical pieces in the language, selected with great good taste. \ .........' $!90 7S .' lo*>—They occasionally burn a negro at the South, it has the following paragraph:ground, her head enveloped with her dress and shawl, and her mouth gagged, while she was held down by a wooden gate which the ruffians had thrown oh her in escaping. She was too weak to rise without assist- ance, but by the aid of Officer Havensshe was enabled to reach her home. Her name is for the present with- held. The matter is being followed up by Officer Ha- vens and another poliseman, with a probability of se- curing at least two of the gang.him with having stolen an octant valued at $37, and a revolver worth $5, from the bark Young America, now hi the harbor. The prisoner admitted to Mr. Collins that he took the property, but-bad " nothing to say" in Court in reference to the charge^*"•(Advertisement. ]GURNEY'S GALLERY.No. 707 Bioadway. PHOT<MiKAl»nS. IVOKTTTMM,. '* W e learn this morning that a negro boy, who had killed a white msn, was burned at the stake at thered, had collected to assist, in raising timbers; a rope was stretched across the building, near the middle, f>r some purpose or other; Mr. Stickell was on theinjured on Sunday afternoon by car No. 57 of the Second-avenue line. The police returns state that theeach man cant' beat fill. KOWLBK 4C WKM.«, NO. 908 Broadway, make private examination*.was not able to raise himself, and, if some one had not acter, taking him out of the State. Wherever any- hastenedtobisrelief,hewouldhave,fallen62feet, thingisprovenbeyondpossibilityofadoubt,.ahalterat tbe nearest tree expiates the 'guilt. We have ac- into s cog-pit, over wbidfr he was suspended. The counts of the hanging of at least tea or twelve men, of.9FROM THE PIKE'S PEAK GOLD REGION. One of the buttons appearsto have belonged to one of the men of the "gallant Eighth British Grenadiers." Another has the letters " P . B . " engraved upon it,, and shows that it was at one time alraiched to the coat of ADENVER "CITY, Pike's Peak, Aug. 7,1860. one of the Pennsylvania Bangers. A third has simply the letters " U. S." engraved on it. A couple of copper cents and a Mexican coin were found near the2|9 .$20,000 worth of laces, which the burglars will learn •••• 262to their regret could have been compressed into a very small space and easily removed. .•••' . »STRUCK BY LiGHTNiNo.--The Pilot-boat Washing- ton,No.4,whileatanchorattheS.W.Spit,onSatur- day evening, during the squall, was struck by light- ning, damaging her topmast and mainmast head. That fluid passed down the mainmast, destroying the block* on the gaff, breaking the binnacle and compasses, aa4From Our Own Correspondent.1,150 67 n . . . . 3 Dead dogs and dther small animals removed from city limits. 560 Number of barrels of offal removed from city limits 8,600 Unsound and Diseased MeaU, Fith, fa., teheed or removed fromis preparing to leave for a point up toward the North Sheaffewasin command of the fort, his forces only'••«have gone three hundred miles, across the . Snowy the woods, near where the new garrison now stands., ..$3,627 234-Bange, to the Western elope of the mountains, in search of a somewhat mythical locality known as thethis wise. A company of " proepecters" on the west- ern slope, a few weeks since, tound a small excavation, three feet in depth, arid, removing the surface gravel, came to an old shovel, which bore unmistakable markstwo to one, he was at lenth, after a gallant struggle, dle snapped like glass. , But further excavations on the compelled to retreat. The assailants advanced upon"LoetLead."The report which attracted them thither is told inTHETreasurer of the Committee for the relief of the destitute and suffering in Syria, acknowledges the receipt of the following sums:troops attacked the Kiowas, on account ox their refusalto gi-ve up the members of their' tribe who murdered he reaches port, he is thrust ashore into the hands ofthirteen persons, including two women, on that' route last Fall. The engagement took place near Bent's Fort, a trading post on the Arkansas, 150 miles south-east of- this city, • and resulted in the killing of five Kiowas, and the capture of thirteen. The troops left for Pawnee Fork, leaving the prisoners in charge of Mr. Bent. The Indians soon compelled him to give them up'; and he sent an old Frenchman, who has been in hi? employ for many years, down the road to advise the officers of the fact. After traveling forty miles, the messenptr was attacked, shot, and, as they believed, killed, by the Kiowas; and his scalp taien off, including nearly the whole top of his head. After thev had left him, fie regained his consciousness,these landsharks, while his place is filled by longshore- men and riggers till the ship is ready for sea again, when he is once more dumped aboard by his master, drunk, penniless, perhaps' diseased, a month's pay in debt to the owners, and only a bag or a chest of mis- erable slops to show for all his earnings.,• What have the merchants of New-York done to remedy this ? Nothing. It is true that one or two " Sailors' HQmes" have been established; but Jack does not usually care to wait for long graces before meals; and the cdnsequence is that the "homes" are not over well su£tained, while the other houses are. Now, it* instead of the vile wretches who rob sailors, un- der pretence of boarding them, the business was placed in the hands.of good, respectable persons, who would provide comfortable accommodations, without com- pDlsory piety, where eailors could be secure from plun- derers, the men would soon learn to prefer such places to the wretched quarters now provided for. them in our seaports.It • is net true that sailors are beyond improvement; that they cannot be made sober and decent citizens. We admit that it would be next to impossible under the present system, since their landlords make them drunk, and keep .them so till they can ship them off again. In this they find their profit. However soberly inclined a man may te, he must, if he follows the sea, live with these people when ashore, swallow their liquid poison whether he likes it or not, submit to be housed like a hog and kicked like a dog, and give them all his earn- ings. Now, why cannot merchants. break up the ad- vance system, break up the rum-poisoning lodging- houses, and refuse to hire sailors from any of these harpies? It would cost time, patience, and some money; but it is not to be credited for a moment that, entere'd upon fairly, and persevered in thoroughly, it. would fail to break up this infamous crimping Associa- tion, and give poor Jack something like fair play.BEW ARE*OF FRuiT-VE.\DERs.-r-MichaelFortuneTHETEXASUntitled Documentdoing so fell upon the track. The wheels of thee w of these committees. of which there were from consumption 55; marasmus, passed over one of his legs, breaking and mangling itLet the vigilance be kept up. Let no stranger passProverbial-Philosophy Topper to Mr. Jordan, the ed- fate, amid the rapturous shouts of all present. •itor of The London Literary Gazette, proffering a —-There having been some misstatements respecting through the State who cannot give a clear account of disease, there were of the stomach, bowels, and other The conductor paid no attention! to her request, but o«himself. Cases of hardship will no doubt occur, but critique on the poems of Poe. In it occurs the.follow- the suicide of Alexander Humes, eldest son of Mr. the people must protect themselves. Let all men ofing singularly modest and characteristic query: "How James Humes, contractor, of this city, at Blairstown, suspicious character be doublywatched, and at the firstsay you—shall we or shall we not make Edgar A. Poe New-Jersey, The Newark Mercurygives the following impropriety let them be taken from the State. Where any evidence of tampering with the negroes occurs,famous 1" The letter was written in November, 1845. facts: I- \ let the proof be positive, and then let the punishment—Some of that great body of our fellow-citizens " T w o years ago he received a fall while attending be swift and terrible. Tampering with necroes at school at Florida, New-York, which resulted in insani- times like this is murder, and should meet with theher complaining at being carried too far, he forcibly ejected her from the car at Peck-slip. The c*r being still motion, the lady was seriously injured in consequence of the violence used, and required the assistance of a policeman to reach her home. The notorious negli- gence and incivility of the conductors and drivers em this road should rective prompt attention from tho Company..•BOBBERY or SILK GOODS.—On Sunday morning the police of the Third Ward discovered about $1,009worth of silk goods among the rubbish of a new Imild- ' ing in course of erection adjoining No. 15 Park plaoe. On inquiry it was ascertained that tbe store of Messrs. Curtis 6c Co., silk dealers, No. 15 Park plaoe. hadScotland, and unknown, 3 each; 2 of British America;. been entered by burglars and robbed of these articles. and of Portugal and Prussia, 1 each. There were 56deaths at the public institutions. Total mterments in It appears that the robbers had gained the roof bycommonly designated as the trading community some- ty which lasted several days. Evidence is not want- murdeger's fate.digestive organs, 183; lungs, throat, & c , 85; brain and .neryee; 81; uncertain seat and general fevers, 53; skin, &c., and eruptive fevers 32; heart and blood vessels, 14; generative organs. 7; premature birth, 5; old age, 5; urinary organs, 4; bones, joints, &c., 3. Of children under 1 year, there were under 1 month 25; from 1 to 2 months, 22; 2 to 4, 25; 4 to 8, 46; 8 to 12, 42. Classified as to age, there were under 1 year'from himself. He isalso encaged in forming a regiment remarkable way. Near the Village of Westchester paired hy that event. For a week previous to the sui- THE BEMAINS OF AMERICAN AND BRITISH SOLDIERS. 160; 1 to 2, 75; 2 to 5, 47; 5 to 10, 17; 10 to 12, 4; 12at any time, but more especially so when the ox»ly re- times make their signs manifest before men in a very ing to prove that the functions of the brain were im- sources at the disposal of the organizerare those derivedof British voinmeers, whose headquarters will be at occurs the following: u Clothing made for Men and cide he was excused from his studies in consequence of —The telegraph informs us of the discovery of the re- to 15, 2; 15 to 17, 2; 17 to 20,12; 20 to 25, 16; 25Heiazzo."' illness. He often spoke of headache—he said he wasBoys on the shortest Notice, Grocery,"—a happy con- surrounded by enemies, and threw out hints which are mains of British and American soldiers, near the Old—A Marseilles paper says: junction of trades, enabling the establishment to pro- now understood to have forshadowed the event. His Fort, at Toronto. The Daily Globe of that city, of " Crinoline continues to justify its homicidal reputa- vide for the wants, both of the inner and outer man. letters and journals show that he was gloomy the 13th, has the following:,to 30,24; 30 to 40, 37; 40 to 50, 29; 50 to 60,12; 60 to 70, 14; 70 to 80,7; 80 to 90,7; 90 to 100,1. Of the whole, 339 were natives of the United States; 80 oftion. Three days ago, as a workman was mounted on On each side of an imposingentrance in Chatham street for some time previous and that trifles were " On the afternoon of Friday, while the workmen Ireland; 35 of Germany; 5 of England; of France,a ladder in the Rue Paradis, punting the sign of a shop, magnified until they assumed to his diseased, employed at the excavation for the bridge, at the Old a lady armed with one of • those ample garments, may be seen the sign "Billiards and Lodgings," lead- mind the most gigantic proportions. He constantly Fort, were digging near the eurface, opposite Dillon'sknocked it against the ladder with snch violence as to ing the passer-by not unnaturally to infer that ths solid threatened suicide in the village,' though in a jocos^ Tavern, they Drought to light the remains of severalthrow the poor man down, and he 'was so injured by beds of tbe billiard-tables, after having been at the ser- manner, jas well as to his companions. He spoke, human beings. It was at once suspected that the bod- the mil that he had to be conveyed home." vice of the knights of the cue all day, are utilized at jestingly so often that in his ordinary state of mind it ies were those of the British and Americans who fellclimbmg up the new building, and had then descended into the store by means of the scuttle. They had thoroughly overhauled the store, and taking what theya schedule of the work of the Bureau of Sanitary In- could conveniently carry, had retraced their footstepcPotter's Field, 42. Coroner's cases, 35.The London Port, to Dumas, who was at Catania, in a craving for wholesome slumber. If this be the case though it excited no. observation before. It now ap and SeTgeant-Major Barlow,/'of the One Hundredth, CITY INSPECTOR'S DEPARTMENT.—The following iswas not easy to tell when he was in earnest. His oc- in the conflict which took place in front of tbe fort, in —A Hvery paragraph is given by a correspondent of night by being placed at the disposal of those Who feel casional wildneB8 of manner is now remembered, the year 1813. A considerable crowd soon collected,Sicily. He says: the nocturnal occupants, if they do net dwell in marble pears that his mind was long bent upon suicide by Mr. Dillon, and others, went to work along with the" The greatest bustle which the place witnessed was hanging. Whether the pamphlet of Hicks which he laborers, and in a short space of time they succeeded in called forth by the arrival of Alexander Dumas, in his halls, may console themselves by indulging in the lux- read carefully, and the affair of Harden with which he; exhuming fifteen bodies. From the position in whichspection, in the abatement of nuisances, cleaning the streets, &c., for the week ending Aug. 18: ,Abatement of Nuisances.Complaints of nuisances, &c, received...................... 194and descended by the uew building. Not seeing a fa- vorable opportunity to carry off their plunder, they bad been surprised by the approach of daylight awl compelled to depart without the goods. In a drawer adjoininglthat from which the silks were taken wereyaehtj hearing his dogs, and his birds, and his monkeys, ury of sleeping on marble beds. Until very lately and himself, and his she-admiral (the woman who ac- there was a liquor-jtore in Third avenue conducted by companies him on bis cruise, dressed in an admiral's the firm of " Frost & Sparks," but the antagonistic uniform), his photographers, his secretaries, and ama- characters of the partners would seem to have led to a nuensis; his servants, dressed some like Circassians, dissolution, for Sparks having been extinguished the others like Greeks, others like Spaniards, others againEke Indians. What a precious row, to be sure, they business is now managed by Mr. Frost alone.did all contrive to make! When Alexander the Greatestis himself on board he does nothing but loll on the deckin his shirt sleeves, and without any hat,playing with hisdoga or chatting with the sailors of other vessels, orwSh the she-admiral. When he lands, the gallant she-admiral, Amile. always accompanies him, and they areconstantly driving about in an open carriage, bowingand gossiping ana laughing with all whom they meet.Its 'nail fellow well met' with the veriest stranger,and a five-minutes' acquaintance ripens with suchmarvelous rapidity into the closest friendship, that the —None of our great men have held so many offieeB, of rich gold " prospects^" several days since. Another final farewell is taken, at the end of the fifth minute,was familiar, seemed to direct his attention to the sub-: they were found, it appeared evident thatthey hadject is not known, certain it is that these publications do far more harm than good." ..bodies." The discovery of these remains will bring to the remembrance of those who fought and bled in the War of 1812,1813 and 1814, the struggle which took place in front of the Old Fort, in the Summer of 1813, and which was brought to a speedy termination by the ex- plosion of the magazine. At the time referred to Gen.been buried in a trench near the place where they fell. Several buttons, a bayonet, pieces of officers' epaulette, and portions of clothing, were found in the trench.Complaints for which no cause existed.. Noticesseived.Abatements of nuisances, nndornoticeSinkB and water-closets cleanedNumber of loads of night-soil removed from city limits Dead horses removed from city limits..— * «The Ae80ciation which thus lords it over the sailorsand merchants, is composed of 200 members. W eknow that they are men of large influence with the. left last evening in the steamboat New World. "governing classes/'and exceedingly potent in themanufacture of our municipal rulers. These men, in-trenched in their might, virtually say that no sailorwho does not hoard in their filthy, thieving dens, shallgo to sea in any ship out of this port. How long willthe merchants of New-York tolerate such an outrage•" thecity.Beef—Number of pounds.•..••.•••••.•••.'•••.•••••.••••••••^.olWVeal—Number of pounds......••.•••••••«•••••••••••••••»•• 590Mr. B.. through P. S. Winston, esq.......... C. H. Shipman, through100 Wm, E.Dodge Sympathy1,000 ure being much enhanced by your continued kind thoughUuloeoa 4 —atboughtftiine«*wbieh lea'you to provide in every poattbt* 1 manner tor the comfort and amusement of all on board even th«*100 children were cared for, no that none might •nffer from thoa* * 2 feeling8of Uitleaaneas which HO often make a ae* voyag© mJUec-ahle. •W e moat part—our hope Is that we may at aome future periodrenew an acquaintance the recolleetion of which must ever bm • 5 of the tooat pleasing character. Through you we most heartily5 desire to express to each and all of your officers our acknowlodg-Gerard HallockFront StreetJas. M. Drake &. CoA. C.Post....Wetmore, Cryder & Co.. 50 C. Klingler.CAMP MEETING.—A monster camp meeting was to. be commenced by the New-York M. E. Conference, at Sing Sing, yesterday, to last through the week. Over 200 tents will be pitched by the faithful.257 so passed the cabin, demolishing the joiner-work and284, breaking some of the deck beams. A bell-wire leading 7,8023,940 from the cabin forward, conducted it forward, and so it. passed out of the hatchway. The boat was brought up to the city for a new mast and other repairs. No person was injured.,m'COMPLIMENTARY CORRESPONDENCE.—The follow-ing correspondence explains itself:Cipt J. AWDKKHOW—Sir: Beta?led to croaa tbe AtUutic, W»are glad that we cbove the ateanubip Etna aa our mean* of con-iohn B. Schn.elzel...... 50 veyance.Our voyage haa been highly agreeable to each of u«, oar pleas-50 R. L. Allen 20 '.. 5025 H. A . . . ^ . . 1Letters i deposited in the street boxes are taken to the nearest station. The mail letters are forwarded to this office. The city- letters are exchanged between the stations for delivery without coming to the main office.Collections are made from lamp-post boxes four times a day, commencing at the hours following: 8'a. m., 10 a m., l l p . m . , &nd 9 p. m. On Sunday the 9 p. m. collection only is made.There axe four deliveries a day by carriers, commencing at the houri following: 8} a. m., UJ a. rn., 1} p. m„ and 81 p. m.•IfO\JH. N A. DIX, P. M. WEALTH OF MR. W. B. ASTOR.To the Editor of The N. Y, Tribune.SIR: In this morning's TRIBUNE you state that Mr. William B. Astor of this city, " son of John Jacob Astor," la worth $25,000,000. As Mr. Astor is supposed to be the wealfla- iest man in New-York, it is of some importance that his wealth should not be tniderntated, for some of our jealous neighbors ia Boston and Philadelphia may be throwing slurs at the publica- tion of the commercial metropolis of ttv country, whose rioheetceased bad been engaged, with others, for some time citizen IHestimated to be worth no more than $25,000,000. It is raising the roof of the building, and while handling generally conceded by those who have the best opportunities of some timbers lost bis balance, andfell to the pavement, knowing what Mr. WDliam B. Asto r is actually worth, that bia* „ — -Th^^najority of the delegates to.the Bepublican State Convention from New-Y ork and Kings Counties,INSTANTANEOUSLY KILLED.—Y esterday afternoon, a German named Henry Hatmeyer, aged forty years, was flwtantly killed by falling from the roof of the Caxton Building, Nos. 83 and 85 Centre street. De-they were found to be short about one-third.the measures had three or four bottoms to it, another had the bottom set up into it about two inches, and allbut tb«- mother stst«*d the? were v«rr healthy. Third, were two boys of Irish parents: they were fair samples of the children be- longing to that class. On the oppo*lte side of the car sat « mother who had an interesting trio of triplft*. These Itttle ones were seven months o'd. and w«-re looking finely. While the at- tention of tbe passengers was taken up with aurveying thene lit-CI.TYthe week ending Aug. 18 gives a total of 472 deaths,being a decrease of 182 from the returns of the weekprevious, and 258 less than the corresponding week oflast year. There were of men, 84; women, 77; lad got on the forward platform of the car, and re-boys, 167; girls, 144. The total from acute disease quested the driver, Edward Garvey, to let him off Consumption. Asthma, Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds and NerrosssMORT ALITY .—-Thewas 290, of which there were from cholera infantum91; convulsions, infantile, 31; diarraoa, 19; scarlet fe-ver, 19; inflammation of the brain, 17; mflammationofthelungs,11;dysentery,11;teething,11;inflam-mation of the stomach, 10; measles, 6; croup, 6; carried by, attempted to jump from the car, audia•Debility, will be sent to any person on the receipt w a*-**** stamp for return postage. Addnsss O. P . JBnovrw It Co* Jersey City, N.J.[ Advertisement-1 . HOYT'SHIAWATHAHAIREKSW^TTTEU »« best article la the market for giving te a*T.«rr**lw*r * «flHsX«black« bwwa. geeaarerUaeaupKU L--~>-'««•One ofis•-••(6:30 a. m.. arriving at the upper stations at 7:15 a. m.7:30 a. m., arriving at the upper stations at 8:09 a.m. 10:00 a.m., arriving at 'he upper stations at l0:<5 a. m. ll':00 a. m., arriving at the upper stations at 12:00 m. 12:30 p. in., arriving at the upper stations at 1:15 p. m.3:00 p. m., arriving at the upper statioiis at 3:45 p. m.S> •'•'ARKKST OF A SHorufTKR.—Gotlieb Lindenmuller was yesterday detected in the act of stealing $50 worth of milli- nery gi,od» from th*stofie of Messrs Swords ic Co., No. <> Park place. Justice Kelly committed him to answer.How To Do IT.—Merchants, wholesale and retail, are of»en puzzled to know how to place their employees; whether this man will make a good salesman 1 tbat, « good ac- countant: this, a reliable and trustworthy confidential clerks that, a cuahier, &.C A phrenological description, carefully writ-[Advertiseraout ] •DR. H. JAMES'S NEVER FAILING KKCIPE for:• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069SUA k-*.www.fultonhistory.com•*m**~-«~.~«u..,-^~~,J..~...\utllltl 