 NEW YORK HERALD. JAMB* SOBDOI MSsMMmTT.ie/a*pepert mar* noticed toe appearance of MtvM* toe 1st end tott *f Jane, which It sheetThrough an independence forced upon him, Tan POST Orison DBT4LOA.TIOKS.—There li Greeley has beea able to crush Seward, aad not one of the exposures made before the Oo-ffEWS FBOH WABHIKarOH.wAteasa*aaasassis1s»eslsate»a-»e^sa^>jra»>aaErtetisioii of th* Session of Congress to tke 25th Inst m0^*t***0**v********0**0m0*mPROGRESSOFTHE/u^WPRIATVOH BniS.Bailroftfl Bill.JPWVH U VpP#6lwWD »v lsnsT .Ucilrrocity Treaty,mm**mrmin •iW'•*'' AHewSchemeforBreakingUptheBam-more.Oar Special•the OsmiStn of Wa/s aaa tewed teeBoaststhe Msa testa nan, wSi set Tur>T s\T6 aVTVsav 10possibly be aveWad.of U* seeatoc of Oootreat bayoed Moaday SlgeasTSIr/ ooastsersil gaavoteaate, she. Senatorstn« that may ea— St Salsa, tee public buatnaie Fisstilsat adhere* to ta« poatSon hartuno VAaianw I'< Oartrra Oraaatwcause of eo many contradictory statements by centuries o l d - a refined, dignified aad sagacious heads Of the Department arriving earlier atw i r r a aMIBLOS IRM wOABDB*14X00*.scene. Dances. B m a a n .the black wpuWicaa jouraala, aad theedito rial comments thereon, published by Greeley in yesterdaye Tribune.people, who have selected this country first of a suspicion of i t And yet aot only for all the countries on the globe for the inauguxa- this long period of five years do they Uoa of friendly relations, commercial Inter- remain uaconscious of fist fact, bat course aad a personal interchange of good feel- an officer of the Treasury Departmeat whoseBreedwey.~»Be.CMeim s . Mar aa-Jaraaaaatag between teat body aad the House on tea SMsSl Appropriattou bul.am least aaaussa.The lobby leeetved a severe blew to sight.topesSto famous Cessnas sad npen the Post Ottos iIutrt. «_««—TYMfLB or MAGIC, Mi Broadway.-raornwoB JAOOW.At Baltimore, notwithstanding its Plug Ugly no ignorance aad incompetency on the part ofmatters pending or which may be communicated,wait ta IHOCGHI or va WCHMOUD ooavnmos—rsosasua-TV Of A GRA1TO BOW AT SIIMMO—.tap aoSea of the Doasseteao Ooaveaaoa at Btolueead meets wttb the general approbation et the democratic- • V , - O a r and aaa-LmaaOvw Hall. CI Broadwny.- Daatas, Ao.financial capital of this great republic should be of the most courteous and dignified cha-la the country, it must emancipate itself from tor Western i W t r growa. Corn wae unchanged, white parties as well as from politicians. The mte- •niw were fato to ehwto price* Pork was saiior tneugh aton of the independent press is to preserve theWAVTQSAl. CX>W0W8r» SAIXXW, Sattonal Thsatre.- him, in 1837, to do their dirty work in thattoriety, their entertainment was decent aad un- public officials has never beea broughtobjectionable. But it was reserved for Phila- to light It te calculated to shake ail con-soeoa, aaa—, BHIBIWI Se.campaign,hte tint aspiration, when he return-ing, sad other towns are rising. A despatch from blindly, aad completely ignorant of the Maples, dated May 30, says that the besieging results at which he must necessarily arrive. forces were not numerous, but being commanded The old whig party had been crushed out by by heroic leaders, the victory was obtained. Thedirty intriguing, corruption aad petty rascality has never been made in the annals of politicalSETTLEMENT or THE FREKCH CiAiaa AGAINST knavery. But oae of the most amusing aadsubject to doty to the United States government He wtads up by saying that he Intends at aa early day to in- troduce a bill to repeal the act of Augusts, 1864, to carry Into efteet the provisions of this treaty, sad the act amendatory thereto, approved March 2d, 1866, wtth a clause declaring all imports from the provinces of British North America subject to the same duties as are imposed upon other countries. This speech wttl awaken public at- tention to one of the most important subjects affecting tee interests of American citizens all along oar frontier,number killed is reported large. The Neapolitan Court was greatly agitated, and on the 29th the Ministers resigned. The British Admiral had of- fered the protection of English vessels to all the American citizens at Palermo. The royal palace at Palermo had been burnt Dy the people. Prince Jerome Bonaparte was dangerously ill, and not ex pected to recover.the election of poor Pierce, aad ail the ele- ments for a new political organization existed. The folly and blindness of the then existing ad- ministration opened the path, aad Greeley pur-PERU.—The last steamer from Asplawall brings advices of the arrival at Caltao of a line-of-battle ship, with Mons. Lessees, the French Charge, seat out to demand a settle- ment by the government of Peru of the claim of Duihin, a French subject It will be recol- lected that the French Minister at Lima de- manded and received his passports some months since on account of this claim. Oa Mons. Leasep*' arrival at Callao he sent a pe-Impudent features connected with this investigation was that presented by the evidence of Forney. The unblushing narra- tive of such a career must indeed have been highly instructive aad edifying.We learn by late advices from Hayti that Presi. ignore. It was now in Greeley's power to pay dent Geffrard has recognized M. Louis Gaetjens as old debts, and he has paid them by consigningturned as United States Senator from Pennsyl- vania, sad failed ia hte election from the defec- tion of hte owa party, who had ceased to have aay confidence in him. Then he endeavoreddressed toe Chair at once.Mr. DAvs. (dem ) of Mtar, suggested that toe Probata!commercial agent for the United States at SaintMarc The President continued his journey throughthe republic. He was everywhere received withthe UTcheat enthusiasm. Gonaives waa illuminated Albany Evening Journal and others—are now every night ha waa there. A t Cape Haytien themake all the Senators take their aaato.TbaPuaioasrt reoarrad the suggestion wtth ptotswt,prosecuting the war against the independent Tibune, because they know full well that if that journal maintains a true independence it caa crush out Lincoln and his administration, as we crushed out that of poor Pierce, should he be.elected, and submit to the dictation of a set of selfish, intriguing aad corrupt politicians.The Excise Commissioners held their twenty-seventh meeting yesterday, aad granted ten li-censes for 130each, which make the number thusfar granted the present year 175. The Commission- doing for the past twenty-five years, andkeys of the city were presented to him on a plate of gold. A projeet if on foot t o form an associa- tion for the encouragement and protection of im- migration. The colony of emigrants from Louisia- na, numbering some two hundred, have settled In a desirable location near Saint Maro, in the Arti' Donate.Panama grant void.tee appropriation bttta by Monday*Mr. HCBTBK asid he thought they could not.Mr. CAMTOKW, (rep ) of Pa., waa willing to star till Dt-comber to debate the revenue. 'Mr. CUHOIUS, (dem) of N. C , suggested teat tosy daers inform us that there are constantly a numberof delinquent liquor dealers, against whom judg-ments have b e e s procured for selling without 11-censes, in Qdridge street prison. Yesterday thenumber iacarcerated was seven. The judgments aad parties become utterly selfish and are Invariably paid, however, on their incarcera-tion, and they are then released. There would be seventy or eighty prisoners in the jail if the Sheriff were to execute the processes aa promptly as the Commissioaera desire.The Board of Supervisors met yesterday after, noon aad had wader consideration the plans for the new county jail, hat after two hours' debate ad- journed, leaving hat amawioa in the same condition that they found it.en aad batea to a long spwsh, ate • hers thenant Utalkaehopoewstoto ttohe country. "UtoeeawTggeottoe- peopkoatheUr.tr. There was aa bops Ur*True FMlaoewfcr •«* »r*ef* VeeMlalmsre* WopubUefcelewheto today Hortoe Oraa-or mow of the other Post Office officials. Iafaot n a o < l o a a n a * . Brnedwar-BsAorr aaa van B i o t - \«j% letter to Hr. Seward, which has beea the representing a great Oriental nation, thirty it ought not to have occurred at all without theFAL4C* SABDtir, Fourteenth street-YOCAI. aaa la ed from the field of battle to his garret delphia—the city par excellence of brotherly fidence ia the honest discharge of the business tracamaa Oseeawe. ^ » « • - *roRim Of TtiRTmirr^&RMT AND FOURTH aad his crust, waa for anything In love, of peace sad of propriety, the offspring of the several departments; for of what usenaambers of Congress. Bat there appears to be a gtoomr am, ass tee ttosese^ssmtod it.AVaaUR-Oauroaau MiaiogJHL•o Ms BROADWAT.-CauroaHU OOUB aurora 8xHaw Wonrm, Tkaiidar , Jam* 1*, I860.the way of official pickings which Governor Seward was dispensing, "worth from $3,000 to $20,000 per year." After the campaign of 1840 his aim rose to be Postmaster of New York, and in 1848 he aepired to be Governor. or at least Lieutenant Governor, of the Stateor Quaker parents, a city which has more piety and decorum thin it knows what to do with- it was reserved for Philadelphia to receive the Japanese in a coarse aad ruffianly fashion, at the hands of its governing classes, which is a disgrace to the whole nation. In different quar- ters of that most respectable city they were re-are administrative laws sad regulations if those who are charged with the'duty of pat- ting them in force aot oaly select subordi- nates unfitted tor their posts, but themselves neglect to give that close superintendence to their proceedings which is accessary to secure efficiency? We are afraid that the facus admit-to take effect at the close of in* isjaaSlsasSi that he made the contest tor ma seat as I representative sad to sustain them. Having 1ported by a majority of the House in claiming hit rifha, he new chooses to resign his seat and go to toe paw* again, and receive their verdict also.Tine » « w i . -la Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a re- of New York. He got none of these, and hte-vacant places Very much dependi on the delegationfrom New York, which holds tbe balance of poirer. Thataaezploatoa will take place te almost certain, and it wttlbe brooght about in mis way. Judge BnaaUey, tooChairman of the Committee of Arrangements at teeCharleston Convention, who acted so unfairly ta excludingthe Wood djlegation from thefloor,claims the right totons tickets for the Baltimore Convention. Hut eklatodenied, as his powers ceased wbrn tbe Charleston CM-vention organized. Bat the new National DemocraticCommittee was not appointed, on account of the soddenbreaking up of the Convention. Under these dream-stances, Mr. Caleb Cuahlng, the chairman of the Conven- toe setoenas, a correction of all mistotes si tion, has the right toieauethe tickets, and he will ieaoe either aide, and striking out toe llagai rata, them. There wttl he thus a doable set of tickets issued. which toe oommittee say were proved to to see,golutioa to terminate the session on the 25th indt» anger led him to Abandon office seeking, and ceived with hootings and insults, and such fra- ted ia the Postmaster General's explanationThe reporter the Commit as en Elections in uu Km tacky election case, states toe official majority of Mr.Ai , the sitting member, to bo terse votes; tost b of a mistake appearing open toe fees of Ss poll books tosomecrfttteprecincta.tathepvejudteaafSi Chlsman, notice of the contest, Ax., was served upas ta parties. They entered into a thorough mvssttentaa « the poll throughout the district. The evidence m tottastePd el the 13th, aa previously agreed upon. to take, unwittingly, in 1855, the independent ternal epithets as 'nigger;' "monkey" aadThe Ml making an appropriation for the care course which has given him the power, in 1860, so forth, which must have impressed them veryaad return to Africa of the captured negroes was to crush out Seward. There is a philosophy i& forcibly as to the refinement and hospitality ofwill furnish a complete legal defence to Fowlets sureties. How caa mea be called to pay up forfeitures that had already beea la part .incurred when they signed the boads? Besides, these instruments were themselves drawn up ia a manner that would almost lead to the inference that it was intended to afford the parties signing them a meaas of escape ia the case of a breach of trust by their princi- pal. This affair altogether reflects the greatest discredit on the manner in which the business of our public departments Is conducted. Thetaken op, bnt the Senate, by a majority of one,refused to concur in the Hooae amendment in-creasing the appropriation from 1200,000 to$360,000, The consideration of the Executive, therefore becomes our duty to couch the blind though wild enough at times, know how tothesemovementswhichtheparties themselves seem to be incapable of perceiving, aad itIts inhabitants.We trust that our governing classes, who,targe volumes. After a carets! exammatioa afrom the poll of each party, Mr. Andersonta ngtokyS 10S. The report ta concurred to by MeMto) tntov, Dawes, Campbell, Marstoa, McEaight aad Strtttenna. oonrw AXma rest.Bepresentotive Corwtn, who has beta ill, appetite • toe floes* te day.KR. PETOS.It should have been stated yesterday thai Mr Pry*voted tor toe rssetattons condemnatory of toe lira oa contract with Mr. Swift, the distribution of patronaga, tat navy yards and of the appointment of fctfaeer Mam, in connection with the deoUttos of the contracts lot on chteery. . _ _TlllBTV-SIXTH CONGRESS. rastr SESSIOK.be aint*.WAtmroww, June U, IBS*CAuraamAuan c u o a .token up and toe amendment of toe House agreed to. IHS CArrumB) AFKIOASB.The Senate WU to take care of and return ths African at Key West was token up, aad toe '•y^inrrt of at House, tacreesing the appropriation for that purpose fna Ssco.oootoSi&o.ooo, was not agreedto. The vets n yens SS, nays ST.Several petit tens against the increase of the duty si stoat were presented.FRDrroKiTHX BxiraaotruM urotrs.Mr. Fitcs, (dem.) of lad., from the-Committee on Prat ing, reported ta favor of prtattsg 6,000 copies of SiSmithsonian reports. Agreedto.n a raui. ajwoemmart.Mr. Wasos, (rep.) of Mass , called op the- resoiaha extending the session UU the 28* test Ha saidttata less a change waa made ta the day of adjoummmt I would be utterly lmpotsibie to get through boKaeasMr. B o n n , (dam.) of Vs., anggaatod toe tint tost.Mr. PVQB, (dem.) of Ohio, moved to toy the motion totito table.Mr. WIGFALL, (dam.) of Texas, said that we coull asget through with business even If the tariff w u aot at al oonsktored. It was net justice to ooraelvee nor te 1st country to rush the anstaesa of six aaoatha into a few saysThe Senate bed dttly-deiaed.Mr. BRIGHT, (dem) of tad , aald that the Senate htesat mora hours this session than for years previously tea WIUIAU. said be meant what be said in a fkwtetoaaaeaes.Ponding a vote, the special order, the Legiaiatrs Afpropnation biU, wee taken up.Great confusion existed. Halt Senators si-the Congress of Nee Granada. He is teohsJoally right.The Supreme Court of New Granada has declared thegrant null, on the ground that noaottoaef a State L»g!tlatnro caa override the action of the nation anterior tothe division cf the nation into States. The grant to thePanama Railway Is exclusive, aad was made by toe Na- for a few minutes, and tbe resolution to adjourn wae area tional Congress; that of Chhiqui is from a Sta'e Legisla- considered.Legislative and Judiciary Appropriation bill waa Greeley's great mistake waa In believing that control their rowdy spirit on occasions like then re-umed, and the amendment appropriating he was a junior partner in "the political firm this, will demean themselves toward the Orien- VI £00,000 for the payment of the claims of the of Seward, Weed and Greeley." No such con-At all events, Mr. Cuahlng wttl oappty am BaeStosa seced- ing delegates wtth tickets, aad they will be admitted; and (he question wttl then arise, how are they to be pet out r The Douglas leaders, finding them present, wttl ask them whether they wttl be bound by Vb» deeSnea of the Convention if Douglas should be nominated? If they should aot give a satisfactory answer, me Dsnglsa fastion wttl protest against their right to be there, aad if they can will expel them, and admit their own friends from the same States, aad thus nominate their favorite.It ta needless to say that under the circumstances the seceding delegates wul secede a second time, and perhapj bring others wtth them, and that there wttl be another democratic candidate In thefleld. This breaking up w!'i probably take place ea Tuesday, and the Richmond Con- vention wiU meet oa the 2Cth, one day earlier than named, and that in pursuance ot the caU of ttm chair- man, who Is vested wtth discretionary power to convene StoeeeeSsss atmar asinissiiy. Thus there is less hope of the election of me republican candROttV.*" —*»*«,»«*»cern ever existed. When Seward and Weed, tal princes with propriety. We hope that they Choctaw nation of Indians waa rejected, and the will act with as much decency as they did atbill was passed. The Poet Office Appropriation in 1837, sent for him to come to the City the funeral of the great rowdy and pugilist, bill waa also passed. Hotel, aad hired him at the rate of twenty William Poole, as decently as they did on theIn the House the proposition from the Senate to dollars a week to edit a campaign paper, it visit of Kossuth, as decently as they did evil is la part attributable to the too frequent extend the session to the 25th Inst, was referred to was because they saw in him a fit instrument displacement of the clerks in the public offices, the Committee on Ways and Means. The Pactflc for their work. He set his own price, and they at the ovation to Jenny Liad, amidstRailroad bill was postponed till the third Tuesday agreed to pay it After that engagement ail the exciting Baraum hubbub. "But and in the appointment of inexperienced aad In December. The resolution reducing the price especially do we hope that our Alder- Incompetent persons in their places, merely on of the public printing forty per cent was adopted- expired he continued to work for them with- men will school themselves with good manners, the ground of their political claims. Bnt itsThe chairman of the second Conference Committee reported that the committee could not reconcile the differences of the two houses on the subjectout any arrangement, his inducement being the same that leads hundreds of others to slave in the service of selfish politicians—self• conceivedabstain from the use of tobacco and spirituous main responsibility lies on the shoulders of the liquors, and keep their faces clean. They will men who accept positions of great publictrust, without either the capability or the de- Ha recapitulated the points at issue, and the hopes of obtaining office. He came to consi- fewer chews of tobacco, and smoking leas bad sire to perform efficiently the duties whichHouse then teaulio* to adhere to their owu der himself a part of the firm, but the realbili. So the scheme a again effectuallyknocked on the head for a tfae. in Com-mittee of the Whole the Army Appropriationbill was discussed, and the amendments providingfor a regiment of mounted volunteers in Texas and ship, which d*t*n»\natioa he carried out In the can Tycoon, or old coon, as the case may be. fessional to the Roman Catholic clergy couldpartners never looked upon him as such, and shared none of the profits with him. At U*» he determined to dissolve this imaginary partner-ngnt aSe'jottUTJg^eScS ofcfienexffterfItevo that If the revelations made in the con-be made known, they would disclose some of number of rowdies from this city, from Philadelphia aadTor fortifications were rejected. m e committee letter now brought to light, formally announc- We hope, ia fact, that our reception of the roseandtheHowe agreed to the action of the ing"said withdrawal to take effect oa the JapaaeseAmbassadorswillbesuchastosetaaNew York, wtth a theeeaad Sghtieg men from IOiaotaaad Ohio, are expected at tea Monumental CSty. The contact of these elements wtth the Plug Ugties must necessarily end to violence.more remarkable txtpost of personal meaaaess, imports to the United States have exceeded sixty two mU• bens money, only about two millions of which have beeamorning after the first Tuesday in February,"example—not to Philadelphia,for therowdy classes of that village seem beyond the force ofthe most astounding cases of depravity aad wickedness that the world has heard of. The Covode Committee has served as a confes- sional to the politicians, the difference, how* ever, being, that ia owning up their sins to that body the culprits have also beea com- pelled to let the public into their confidence. Here, one after the other, office seekers out atcommittee. Mr. Ely, of Mew York, made a speechin opp oerttion to the reciprocity treaty with Canada. 1855.A synopsis of bis remarks is given in our report of The period which he thus selected unwit- example—but to the whole civilized world. '.he proceedings. tingly, and purely from a motive of personal London and Paris are the only cities with whichWe have additional news from Europe by the resentment, was singularly propitious for his we condescend to cope in point of intellectuali- Niagara, which arrived at Halifax at half-past rfew enterprise of an independent journalist. ty, refinement morals and good manners; asIES CAsipmr anoiraeorrT taaaxr.Mr. By, of New York, Is prepared to speak upon the re- ciprocity treaty, and wttl show conclusively, by docu- ments andrtatimica,that tbia treaty has been violated by the action of the Canadian partiameut, both to latter aad spirit; teat the United Slates government has tost nearly twelve millions of mosey in revenue by its operations, made a clean breast of their delinquencies. A that for four years subsequent to the treaty the Canadianseven o'clock on Wednesday evening. The reports The imbecile and wavering policy of poorof Garibaldi's successes are confirmed. He attack-ed Palermo on the morning of the 27th, and after a Pierce and his Cabinet had led them to commitstruggle which lasted six hours the people were the folly of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and to if the Aldermen only conduct themselves with masters of all parts of the town, Garibaldi leading reopen the political discussion of the slavery as much propriety as we have ao doubt the his troops flag in hand. The revolution is spread- question. Greeley weat into it with zeal, butsued i tthe black republican organization was formed, and that journal became a power in the party which neither politicians nor cabinets canMainly by the effortsof the Tribunei . •(»• .'.>' HUH 'A'AO'i WS'd NRW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUSTS 16, 1800.i • • •too nana! period tatevoraaw IIMIM How m aee»7 become a mighty power la Us party. This vode Committee which is at all to be compared u*der the foreign news, and closed ta l a m of aaawtos- power hecan maintain as long as the party In gravity with the facte contained inPostenas•M M M ^ a r W H M M as* saediaw grades of Saw exists and he mth,t*l"a his indepeadeace. Bat tor General Holt's tetter to the Speaker of she.and Wtntere, walls Southern, though i wtthoct change of — t a t taIf the Tribune wishes to become a real power House of Representatives oa the recent Fastof iriT"" a n rcitfOM sts. heavy aaa krres^ater, and ©toned at quitenative,wtthariasafnewMM attU13XaUSM,Office defalcations.. Bare we have a state of things deposed to which, we will venture to say, does not find a parallel under any other admi- nistrative system in the world. For the periodcountryfromthetyrannyof allpartiesastheyand far tntiue delivery It waa MM i t 118 71, aaw prim beoome corrupt, and to give order, direction of fire years, according to Mr. Holt's statement,Bold at $13 T* Sugars were l « i **•, sates of a*wl l.iMhhde.aad 1,100boxen,M Unaa given to naofter M M . Coffeeww quite ateedy.witoeBtoaofUn bag.sad power to that eclectic national sentimentthese defalcations have been carried on, withoutwhich has grown up ta the ceaatry, aad which*faFfAMIL T"fljUUIuS—W**a«law, Mflaw a**l »» P^WUSc. andotaeraaaatitoteatfullpriow. Freights holdsthecommooejoodtobesuperiortoparty awareof them. The first deficit occurred iaV etnaae HXV..»*.»*«-*«» ••••••••*• AHVSBBirTi m i lTlalNO.T h . mewelACtome e r H e n c e O r e e U y - T l t e aad, as will he seen by the programme, they liabilities of the previous one. This, of course,will receive a grand reception. This is a novel could not occur without the knowledge of oneto Uverpoel warn Sneer. ASMS* She anga«emonto i n n »>«»a«bolioi|rti«,cai^ywaaat1ia balk aad bacs> ««Xa.aTd.,aadfM00 bbte. flour at Is. Sd.,taeiudlBg iwil M U M forenoon.to nil up, at u. M.. wtthby steamer, W Me.ties, to the claims of individual politicians, and to the selfish aims of intri guing cliques.i in-r '"Tan JArAiraw oi Naw YORX,—The Japanese Embassy will arrive In this city tomorrow,December, 1855, aad from that time until the suspension of Fewler from his post it was steadily Increased, and the abstraction of the money concealed by applying the deposits of the revenues of OHO quarter to extinguish theevent-the first visit of priaees high ia rank,The tatter la important, as It shows to thewc rid the inner man, without disguise or ing. It is eminently proper, then, that their re- special duty it was to bring these irregularities tergiversation. It la an honest acknowledg- ception ia the intellectual, commercial and under the aotice of the authorities, becamereporttearingthe whets subject Ofment, oa the part of Greeley, that from thebeginning of ate editorial career in 1834 until"Sat. ore., NOT. 11, 1664," he was not at racter. •heart a tariff man, or a temperance man. ora socialist, or a Fourierite, or an abolitionist,or a philosopher, or a journalist, hut only a importance. His Majesty the great American ing it out pay proper attention to their duties. poor, degraded, kicked, cuffed aad neglected Tycoon welcomed them with becoming grace We mast say that a more remarkable case of office seeker. After Seward aad Weed hiredAt Washington they were received very re- spectably 9 r a village of its dimensions andteste fssaaSMKVlStesaisa. Ha wulapproveao btD without an opportunity for full examination be atforded, Aeisesteg to jresste appearances,a spatial sw»cuuve session wiU be convene!, to croskUjr the Important which may again defeat; the passage of the P«st Otafind that by drinking less champagne, takingsegars, for about a fortnight, their sanitary con- dition will be greatly improved, and they willthey undertake.for Philadelphia, it is beneath our notice. Weare certain to do full justice to the Japanese, elbows, pauper journalists and spoilsmen, haverowdy classes will, now that we have c ailed them to order. *Seward to the shades of private life. The stillservice bound journals of the black republicanpoliticians—the Times, Courier and Enquirer,pliance. Before this period elapsed, he had op- to get appointed editor of the organ, Printer ofIn pursuing this independent path sincematic missions which were subsequently pro-posed to him. Haunted by the desire to wreak ment were to pursue a similar course to that of on the President the animosity excited ia his France,our claims on Peru mightbesettled breast .by the want of confidence exhibitedwith equal ease aad rapidity. It is evident towards Urn by the Pennsylvania democracy, that our Minister at Lima has exhausted his in- he opened negotiations with the opposition,1854, the Tribune has done what we hare beea rangement It seems to us that, if our govern- In Us independence lies the secret of its pros-Mr. Forsyth has not yet tesUfled before the Covode (Laughter.) The tariff wae settled. Mo awn hew km vain u t a snake a speech to convince thetarpervtewas- Committee, and probably wiB not for want of time. A mocracyandl obtain a practical tanfl There wwaeastMperityaadite power. This it must not sacri- fice to any politician or to aay political party. In the natural order of things politicians11corrupt, and forgetful of the professions of lovefor the public good which marked their earlydays, and gave them strength in the hearts ofthe people. It waa this state of things, aadthe honest Independence of the New YORKHBRALD, which eaabled us to crush out theold whig party ta 1852, aad the administrationof poor Pieroe la 1855; and it will enable usto crush out the existing (actions of the old can politicians is, who will ride the parlytiontomadefromthevacantcircuit,orhegoes to some ^atr-teanta^eTaw^-te attewam »donkey on aad after the 4th of March, 1861? the Committee of the Whole, aa ahttraet of which of the selfish objects of the politicians, Instead Old Abe Lincoln*' is to be elected, aad thetasS matters wtth that government, which had keen commenced aad nearly completed by Judge Mason beforeThe O i w m f i w u n of Charities aaa Cor re c tion met yesterday and adopeed their ansoaJ report ofdemocratic party, if its political managers per- sist in pursuing at Baltimore the advancementMr.TooMaa, (dew.) of Ga., desired tegit ep permitting LouW a w levy tonnage dntiw ia wrtaeappears a our report. tiwat|issaatttVlT,the week.The number in the Institu- ea Increase of twenty forAdvices, official sad private, received this awtateg, felly confirm the reports of Indian depredations upon theThe republtoan Senators objected, sad ergeiitost Sta aaaatewMtoathtatoceeteiteraoiayarwataa^^^of the true interests of the whole country. question now la who shall direct his move- ments after he has been eomfortably installedThere te a philosophy la these facto which at the White House. Dogberry says to Verges amy ho studied with profit by journalists and that when two men ride a horse one must goENTRY INTO PALERMO.—The Niagara brings usthe confirmation of the capture of Palermo, onthe 27th, by the revolutionary forces. Theconflict with the royal troops was, it appears, Plains. They are making terrible war upon the white set- by forty si ts. Senators thought «h»WS tee"^ti»la*tparagraph.tra>.twoof the PostmaaterOeaeralslatter,relative to the Pewter defalcation, by politicians. The Independent press of the behind; but the republican donkey cannota desperate one, aad lasted for more than six hours. The troops had retired to the palace, Custom House sad castle, but |tbe former wastlers. The War Department ta determined to put all the nortant toaaaekter when tbe Senate ww totetbettaa lenaS winlteTtkem full enough te d-ptem the Wewaarattable toroe at its command ia the field, and if posslMe ry by adding appropriatione to the pending btu.p n b l h ^ y«s«miay, a word of some importance metropolitan city of New York constitutes aawas omitted. It waste the "late' aad not to the independent Congress la permanent session. Abe Lincoln's back, Seward aad his henchmen taken by the people in the evening, aad burnt* the Indians from tbe Plains.va enrceer OF na aianae naar ooawrna,Mason tbta morning submitted to the comm ttee his report upon the Harper's Ferry aJTair. It is a very elaborate document, making over seventy pegee of foeto- cap. Judge Collamer will present a auaorUy report, and tbty will both be aubmitted to morrow.m rAono aaaaoaa mix.The consideration of the Pacific Railroad bill has beeato the third Tuesday In December next by toe Thta action wee eonallered unnecessary, as the of the time of adjournment will afford aa amp! e to aot upon it, and s majority of tbe republi- Doersts are desirous of doing so. An afiortTBS CXJUWAI *r*nom*»ojr an*. Tt>«Senate then rtaumrjil the oonstdamtioa ort&s i*gtstaUvc Apprapitattoa H I , whteh, after the ooastdera- tiaa of vartooa amendments, wa* P**"*-n a roar crrica *'na,Z2ZE?'~m~*k tM Mr.Hcwna,fronttheFinance PTS^-Smf^tilH PoB^Otfit^ Appreprtotion bffl trow the Haaw wttseui" p r e s e n f Third Assistant that reference waa la-tended to be made by the lNstnnat . Qeaartd. MI ^ L U B eaAsawai law* Aha* ^B%>aea^ai iAt ail times it is discussing the great ques- tions of public Interest, end filling the mindsWebb, Weed sad Raymond, mast hang oa at down. On the 28th Garibaldi commenced aa* • * • • * " ^ .the donkey's tail, where they will be liable to attack on the cattle, aad In the meantime a of the people with Idea*, whether the Congress get more kicks than coppers. The arrange- fierce bombardment was kept ap on the city"•••^eaeaanat ao taiU* KM is fa Washington he in session or not Here exists ment will hardly be a pleasaat one to say ofthe true arena of debate for all questtoas ofthe parties concerned except Greeley. As for finance, trade, society aad government; aad the donkey himself, it does act appear that heby sea and land, by the government troops, and was being continued at the last accounts. The English Admiral had offered hte promo-i bill the•at BUMo'clock,Bewse a* Rewreeemtatlves. WawneGewT, Jnae It, lSf*demandthe Peruviangovern-and requested Senatora to resumefleetrseatsOrder being restored, tbe speotal order was jiuauisnrtt eremptoryment, aad named the term of six days for com-the House, and head of the Kitchen Cabinet, had been sent to France, and the result was the profits of which he had enjoyed under the that without waiting for the expiration of the administration of poor Pierce. This the Presi- dent would aot give him, but offered him the the government, was officially received, aad Consulate to Liverpool, his political friends being ready to make up the salary to the sameportunities to verify the representations thatMr. BKCHT Inantred of Mr. Hunter, ehairmar of B* ture, that State having beea created since toe date of the Committee on Finance, if tt was passible u got throat*term he had set, he presented his credentials toIts action is, therefore, a poti fm 3 and iai CASEOTta* rcomvt srauno.when the mail steamer left, he had called thenot adjourn until toe muidto of next week, as many «f toe Senatora will be at Babimore, aad they had better exte.tFrench residents together and assured them amount as that of the Executive. He declined that there was ao cause for apprehension, a> this excellent offer, as also one or two diplo-escape The ooaoesstoas made upon the tirely satisfactory to that country.tan covoan oceoansn.subjectare enMr. HALS, ( r e p ) ot KV H , ante toey had aditnraol once for the Democratic Convention, which aasottaa box, and he would not adjourn for another uatostam waa reliable security that tt would da soiaatotfthe matter was in a fair way of amicable ar-fluence for obtaining such a desirable result; but the appearance of a aew and sensibleCom- missioner, such as Mens. Leaseps seems to be, would ao doubt produce a beneficial change ia the aspect of our dilatory aad unsatisfactory re- lations with Peru.it is supposed through Greeley end Haskln,aad, as the result of hte bargain with the blackrepublicans, was chosen Clerk of the House. Inthe event of Lincoln being elected It Is fairlyto be presumed that he will get the appoint-ment of Printer to the House, and his old aadfavorite post of head of the Kitchen Cabinetthat it will be one ot toe meet Important acts of his al ministration, be is determined to fill the place with a man who is aot oar/ sound as a constitutional lawyer, bat able to maintain and defend bis position. Whether the selec-condition. (Renewed laughler.) , _ Mr. aaajsL (oem.) of Pa., desired to amy hers aw ts>oese toe tariff aad awtte it.Mr. Woeoat moved to amend, to adjourn the MO.WHO WILL RIDE THE DONKEY?—The greatest question of the day among the black republi-mall from Eu-theheadsof the Department being in the leastafflicted with a similar blindness. And all this took place under a system of financial checks which, although it may aot be perfect is still sufficiently elaborate to prevent the commission of frauds, if those who are charged with carry-What are the facte which thisdepose to before the committee? After theelection of Mr. Buchanan he aspired to be re- pers a denial of the revocation of the Chirtqut grant byhimself given before the Covode Committee.They have quite settled the matter that • 'honest CoNTrRMATION OF TRW NEWS OF QaRIBALDl'S his death. The statement,that Mr. Faulkner aad Uscany double. If Greeley keeps his seat oapopular bearing-politics, religion, industry,» t e the helm which guides the ship of State, has beea consulted about the matter at all; bat tion to the American residents. laKapteathcm rtxwars raox BABMMA.Mr. ABAWt, (rep ) of Maw , from toe Jatet Oommtttwan the Library, reported a resetatien which ww adapted, accept** the public journals from the Chamber of Dspa- Uee of Sardinia, and resonating toe Speaker to ceevar »*•**»• the thought of the people, endIf either Greeley or Seward get onoe firmly greatest agitation prevailed, sad the ministry seated on his back they will ride him through had tendered their resignations. The forma-his whole four years race. We are very curi-tion of a more liberal ministry will not, how-wul b« made to reeoeslder tbe vote whereby the considoration of tee am was postponed to December, aad the presidtag officer of tost tody the grateful soknarJ**L? l«*wem«Rt. To acquire influence ous to see how the present contest will turn aver, allay the storm which te about to burst 1 Untitled Document. •J*— T " " * • * • «han intellect Is out, sad who will rids the donkey, last aow upon the heads of the King and hte late ad-required. TheteuraaUmmoat have, besides, ia- Greeley seems to be s little ahead, sad is con visers. Their repentance comes too late toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069take action upon it et once. The Senate, finding toe Hoots has abandoned action on the Mil this ere aertoesly considering the subject oftodgawnt of thta Hooae for the valuable present, and s> racting that the boika bs depoattel la the Library.maiiM. wiusxa axPienaG axnorrai*.Mr ptrm. f«i>.) of tal.,from the nameoosam«ie*.riwitness had toTHK CmaiQCl GRANTMr. Ambrose Thompson has published In me local pa-foreboding m the minde of meet of them mat there taa crista at hand which cannot be averted, aad which is pregnant with thejnoet tremendous resulis The Douglas delegates axe resolved not to admit the seceding deie- Ittes, as far as they have tbe power to exolude, but to admit a Stoat stead began etesgetos appointed to SU theBssraaAoosT or nujreo t. turn. Mr. Blair, or Missouri, has resigned his seat lalBad work is anticipated at Baltimore. Aa ImmsasaOur government has acknowledged toe wrong committod by magisterial authoritiea at New York ia auHeringShilling, toe fugitive from justice ot Wurtombarg, to the saaaten, although he preferred to adjoern Moaday.large number of other important witnesses are ia tee same position.taa VAOAav s e n n a ceuer JCDGBSHIT.The President is anxiously considortng toe question of ban of one of the early presdsara of CtovntiwdW-avtoe vacant Judgeship en toe Supreme beech. Conscious. was like the voice of one crying in tbe wttdemem (Reus Of laughter.) He respected ha wourw, bat Kited anotter part of toe Union, has aot yet been decide!.26tb—was agreed to.ran eaemui Arvaoraunoir snx ^BeotM at four till six o'clock ivarnw SESSIOK.The Senate reassembled at fl P M. LOCWAXA wjaarAOs nrmocrircu-nosa were receivedw i n nunc*. by the .lastThe osaiUiniliii ef toe Lagleuuive ApproprUtioe MS ww repassed The amendment paying the claims etteeCan anything more strikingly illustrate the mo-rals of politicians than Mr. Forney's sketch of rope from Mr. Faulkner, oar Minister at France- Choctaw Nation of two munone aad a half ww dtaowstiAdvicesHe was busily engaged ta asttttag several iaapor' at length and rejeoted.family are desirous of returning heme to a mistake, arouv oarsisATJoas on THB ruixs.toebjtestbyP QoaevolHsa. sea created>ne>Tbe Senator frow Peaaeytvanta (Water) rwateoteMr. Too** rephed that the questtoa and_ bwa sswoa www.fultonhistory.com 