 :&}_ I of the New-Hampshire election are ^OOBplefe. Onthegnberoatorialticket, n, the BepnbllcsD candidate, receivedly desire to repair the wrong then done to France. ,Had Napoleoh III. been the mere parody of his uncl6 which he has bean so ob-,»««.?for immutablebeyeadDs Liano bluntly refused either to ihat fliis badness wasdlmmmr originsOy ja^ssled,['',nAue, as is anticipated, to accept the jBine for Italy, the 'forfeiture of the qnestion will donbtless be the penaltywere made with the red hand and in•Shi* ezeitaBient caned by theprojectof*^»p!>?^^«?^*>^^^^2PXATBB-TniTwsTi DoLLua He has now undertakenbehesta,MllnMfer Douau. Jing •MiMiMfnanImada Mr ain, nU it m- OAIOOINU U pabUlhad on th«Wordsofthissorttowards the Une which bounds the laojuage new thing in history from the lips of an Em- abuses and wronpft Os."! KBuamia. once more before the Xnaiwsr—Voau or KnraSpaniards into Englishmen, without so much accounts, to compel compliance with all properof which will be fonnd in a supple-strate the absurdity of these anticipations, and Powers,:;Its fronUeison such a theme are a empower them to practice precisely the same Once aprogreaacrip^her actioft—h«s beenTrXxw] ComeuiiMiikAsia left Liverpool on the has 80 often before given law to Europe. Atha Sd-inst., with highly interesting moment's reflection should suffice to demon-anyon duty duiiag the day, 1 waMdiK^ttwliGtMR Morocco is unimportant. Another and no risks were suffered to withhold him atage had been secured by the 8pan- from insisting on obtaining whatever his judg- Vwre is little of interest from the Con- ment had pronounced to be necessary for the, beymxl the telegraphic summary welfare or the safety of his dominions. TheI yestenlay in receipt of com'mun- age in which the first Emperor lived was buti.thaPnaidentregardingthestateof justbeginningtoescapefromtheoldnotions "mate verdict of liberal was Englandir, and from the Secretary of J information in respect to our tb British Provinces. The billof the feudal policy in regard to the basis ofnational greatness and wealth ; ^and Napoleokmanly" There was an element which bad been strangelyHiatifimal Armories was called np, himself was at least as much of a conquerorj«nd debated at some length, without as of a statesman, in the modem acceptation Private bills ware then consideredr of thempassed.In executive ses- of that term. Had the question of Savoy Italy to tbe proposals for tha reestabllabment of that|t€,^;.-l-.^*i~^, «p^^;^metee, mnltiflled fke t^<*mies, almostcreatedbymlUtarroeeapatlo*orby leastsition of SavoyexecraUon. what we have said over and overbow be solemnlyrites, la wTsppen, (BMuaoa w A FtOB muntB—VABin Faib.TovM AaaucA.)*r>l>OfOORTTA EnjjHabpublicraaa,asavoicefromthe graye.'VamooE'i ran OaubbtNEWS OF THE DAY.her ao- thority, or how binding may be the obligsiioasMill ilinMMhare which he has conbvcted to hisJSaZSiu^t.*^ *6"e<«S^wWoh mnvtianofaeiatate a iMlttMr if Hia«naathaiMlUig«k tt ofiiliiKilil'itH^^a,^ aMwifliw"* giveadolaltothapallorafdlsUtarwIalBHSwUek •eata,beeaoaeitooatanwie,UdBO diaaatroas a ter- I kara prodaiMd man Uua OM*. tor Vrwee does their profits. Tliey aba aimp^ at geWBg fta_BekaAataMtdy doubled imsU elttarOei <flt4Blliir SartpMitclosed with the rock of St. Helena.morse to make things pleasant between theiraoTbeTisioaswliich ^ipalledTies of Pitt and Castlrxaob hare risen upsterniyrulers, turning Poles into Prussians, and Sax- road Commitiien should be created, writii fullas oAoe to be tUMbym^-^tUtt raagbig'. _^ _of their descend- ants. Once more the British Parliament echoes with denunciations of a Bohapasti, or PAumHss. stretctiing his despotic sceptre over the Con-eyes""magicians to their astotmded victiins. Res- offare whenever their profits should exceed amoneyastltepriceofexemption. Begardlng 1600,thelattersnmhimself as a citizen of the United States, and not as a subject of the Spanish crown,Power In Europe. He could not tblnk that any oneHewagna Treatyralea. The WaiXkuaon and SiCKtxs tive development of affairs in Italy, the ries, and tbrlr transference to a cons^tutlonal gov-wasunderreview. Af- jdUeo af an amendment or two, it was - the Honae devoted Uie day to the revi-arisen for him presented byoutofsucha asis complicationwould hesitate tolions of Inemment, was well worth the price now sou^bt for. Hetjeliered that the Savoyes* people generally werenothostiletoannexation,andthattheywouldprefer to join a country similar to them in language, aad far more analogous to them as regards their notions of religion and politics. He was of opinion that this asDexatlon might be made without disturbing the peace of Europe ; and, supposing all other things to be right, it would be no unfair compensstion for the 50,000 French lives and the millions of French money sacrificed to procure the Independence of Italy."Onr City Railroads.prospec-strengthening of France towards tiie Alpswouldhaveheldthefirst,thepeaceofEuropea misdemeanor for the Conuni^aioners but the second, place in his thoughts. For itdie som now granted. The amend- must not for a moment be supposed, as theM rejected. The bill to repeal the act clamorous alatmists on this subject would a. Board of Becord Commissioners forr>Ta(k was reported favorably. Long discus- have the world believe, that the terri-at was made the order for to-day.Park bOlwaa re- Appropriationt<-f>aibalI the State Senate, with an amendment,,Jj/Kt, WM hftd in Committee upon the Bailroad tory of Savoy is really a defence es-iVdibilL One or two modihcations, prompted by sential to the safety of Sardinia, and tiift pciDipanies interested, were adopted, and theto a third reading. It is tbe special would be to France simply an outwork ofjM^Oidered«^%theYlUJJIiHl Congress for an appropriation to improve ^••vigation of the Bttdson was unanimously_day.offenceagainst Italy;The concurrent resolution call-an armed hand raised against the heart of the Peninsula, as Cher- bourg rnay be fairly enough said to be againstma to 2 Democratsin the House, the ( have a majority of 85.'hS% meetingof the Police Commissioners yes- taMbV, Kayor Wood offered a resolution that the BHgatinp in reference to the old police force be de- ti£dby referees, to be appointed by the Supreme (!oait. It was laad over. A newTlie total cost of the Hudson River road, witli its deepcnttin?s. rock excavation, double tr;iek. tunnels, bridges, &c., &c., was $78,000 per mile. Vet, here we have the oflicers of thewiihoutSixth-avenue road, grading, no bridges,apportionment •f tta police force for the various Precincts wasand a resolution wasflMSa; of members off duty from sickness. j^T%match games of chess which have been in VM eootsa of play foraaad^adopted regulatingbetween the .SortonaadNew-Tork Clubs, were finished last nlldtf. 2>chClubwonagame—Bostonthefirst,eight evenings,half of that causeand to surround theinde-pendence<>»JJew-York the second. It was not settled as more formidable than the sword-bayonet of.i ^yfgtmtlt a deciding game will be played. (tetkm brought against the proprietors of """"""a Hotel, to recover money lost atinmuch per mile as the Central road, nearly /our times as much as the Erie, and three times as much as the Hudson River Road. No man ofneeds to beyiqwila.enormous profitsLook, in fte next place,traveling public,It of tbe house, the jury rendered a plaintiff.lery. The Kingdom of Upper Italy grows up this interval of expectation, assume* the pro- Iiortions of a new political existence in Europe,aiket was further stimulatedjdM action of the State Senate on the and promises to the Peninsula, for thecommon sensetold that this is pre-- l(aw-Torit up 75.^, flnrtwITiiTl -fbe Western St^ocks sympathized, tat^lRia adraneed to 61 cent., and RockBaJMra^WX.'sales of Cotton and Breadstuff* were light. Vnces of the princi)^ Idnds £ivored bayers. Lard^ThaJasaciire baoysnt. descriptionsthe actual state and thesay people Lombardyfrom the of centu- yokeliMrilted. TheAssemblyamendmentstothebill'<^IWMtiBg the tights of martied women were ac- the heart of England. On the contrary, while wUI not be done by the Legislature at this ses-•e^Gedj^and the Uil finally passed. Other business theof this territory by France sion concerning City Railroads. The friends acqviisition ""was transacted previous to^dj^imiment. TheGeneralAppropriationbillwas wouldleaveSardiniamistressofthepassesbyjwnjncfd into the Assembly. The Brooklyn which her plains arc opened to the North and caused by that demonstration will suflice to'Mminorimportanceof the Gridiron bill hope that the explosion'tbBIwas ndered to a third reading. There- West, the importance of its possession to the kill all attempts that may be made to charterof the session was devoted to the con- roads for this City. But there are still I of the claim bills, integrity of France was recognized by the vic- anyr 8<ne additional items of Mexican news are torious allies of 1814 in the Treaty of Paris. pending in—the Assembiy five bills lor CityjoM OBt to us ftom ttiat questionable source, K«1lMMeana. All non-combatants had left VeraFrance her boundarie.s of 171'"^, but an important pro-certain Railroads. each granting to speciSedtiCSwrl^tOD, as the place of meeting for king Convention. It is said that the ut- ity of Charleston will be inaufiicient toate the myriads of the faithful who be in attendance. Baltimore, on the hand, has room and verge enough for all i,who will,moreover, escape the famine prices ch the more So~utherly capital is prepared to loUits hospitality. At tne latter place, how- «Ter, confidence is still retained that the Conven- tfon will meet as first appointed, because the place i—c^zad by the last Convention, ami becauseof the delegations have given bonds for therhave Great indignation is I they engaged.against Mr. Ashmoki:, who is under- I t(t n>proTe the change. The subject is still In the Norfolk (Va.) district, choiceregard for the liberties of Italy, but in obedience to the spirit which dictated the whole body o<"the treaties of Vienna, and for the express purpose, to use the words of Mettebnich him-self, of " leaving a passage always open into the heart of France."It is needless to say that France has never been disposed to recognize the wisdom or the propriety of arrangements concerted to sucha of its iniquities. They eannot pass repetitionthe laws before them in their present formwithout —the poor, in deliberately plunderingorder to enrich a monopoly, without con- sciously and intentionally taking money out of tlie pockets of the mechanics, laborers, sew-I^aaaaifcalerday made of delegates to the Conven- legitimacy of Europe were thus visited upon Voa.^TnoaeselectedweremtheinterestofEt- thenationwhichheruled,shouldmostearnest-Tills document not only confirmed toItatAJfOH remaiiad before the City, await-IwAwairival of tbe BTtvana expedition, which portion of the accessions which had been road liiroughJnfl..^lie'Jaajez Govenraient had denounced as pirati- made by the First Nai-oleon on the side of the City. The grant is absolute, and vests inttree American men-of-war were in the har- over Savoy, as well as of Belgium and the Rhine. the parties named the complete control^iL*' The £nal act of the sorrowful tragedy of Har- The Great and Little St. Uemard and the the roads which it authorizes them to build.lierSr Ferry was performed yesterday at Cliarles- towB. Ahdbiw Stitebs and William Hazlktt, x^Hitt hist of the conspirators whom Virginia, wUli '. ail bar aider in pursuit, is likely to capture, were lioiw m the presence of a gratified multiti\de. Bon are said to have exhibited unflinching cour- Hazlxtt without apass of the Mont Cenis are the true gateways Now we insist that the Legislature shall not of I'iedmont, and these the acquisition of make these i^rants wi'houl making some pro- i^avoy by France w ill leave in the keeping of vision in t/icm for i!:r protection o/ihc public the Sardinian sovereign. Italy can need no Tiic system hitherto pursued in this matter isto ihf— and disgraceful better mountain ba.rier than the Graian oppressive coiniuunily•ga. Ststxbsdiedpainfully C atroggte.;itsand now that operationtheoom- DotwUhOfrnntlotMstnfuOiKtmmX,Mvevsr moatStatea.»«»W'twirthe contemporvFrance from the Atlantic toprinciplesjustice,onlyrender thetenance the imposition by purchasing ex- wtM>mwereooayetaaai.tinenttheAlpswiQiinher naturalboundaries,"and preparing universal monarchy in the territorial consolidation of the formidable race which;armingrequired service, or to coun- to a aqnad of sevea poBpeMBit ,;But God preserve our old nobUlty ;"obligationtherefore thepartyto its authorsstored to the White Cross in 1815. has been fully exposed, our legislatorsand Valesian Alps. TVTien Savoy was re-;I democratic Executive Committee appearsmdotia in its intention to substitute Balti- the restoration was made not out of at Albany have no possible excuse forand nothing surely could be moremoney theyan endnatural than that the heir of thewhose personal offences against the combineda; Tfx. Cayi, Democratic, 33,410. Be- stinately and so foolishly described to be, hecost.BwoTDc<m Road. per mlie.8th.... 97,137 eth....lS8,7S0 3d lee.oM 2d 82,578Swore KrtAlajoiitr, 4^99. The Senate will stand;would have tmdertaken this task on the mor- row of his great Italian campaign, and de- manded a settlement through the sword of scores which the sword had opened.He did, however, nothing of the kind. Hewaits till the public opinion of Europe, grad-ually enlightened as to the merits and theprospects of the Italian cause, has begun todo to the intervention of France in be- justice;great sovereignbut four bars of iron laid side by side, swearing that it cost them tieice (IS much per mile to lay their track. The Third-avenue road, upon the same swornhis Zouaves, and the rifled cannon of his artil- authority of its officers, cost Jive times asyes-Centralsold to in an f>iposterous any —such sums that they did not cost one-half, orthoseone-fourth of amounts, and that the ac-which ayprevailed for Sugars, Coffee, EMin,8pLrita Tur- made France in behalf of Italian freedom these extortionsupon are practiced. Inwhom*30*»>on* were less freely dealt in.A fairinqui- Savoy not as a compensationfor the effortstheyJfflMBe and Tobacco. The movements in most «iper Ofanches of business were limited.AfMOAs SLiva-TBAM.—WeBtter thisbyand European public lawevery country in the worid but this, an agreementto transport a passenger implies an obligation to do it comfortably,—to provide a seat with'^•BU fttthwenofan- morning from our correspond- Cwst of Afnca in regard to thepansionpermanently organised;storation to France of a bulwark which Europe would never have taken from her, had it not- „^ » i?*' "''"* «>me -^v^;.lightupon beenbelievedtobeessentialtoherdignityand*>«»^Ji*.l^.flta8trate,to the satisfaction her cfoOc^iiKJLlphlllgten, the peace.The language of the French Em- senger, who has paid hta fare, all these ac-IneflSeieiiey rfHw^yrncomparativeis as temperate.onthispoint After setUngas it is calm forth the im-commodations. OurCityRailroadstreattheirtreat soe^faatlittraffic.hesays—compel passengers— shntmany"Looking to this transformation of Morth»rB Italy,cation,publishbut simply as a re-and all other conven- iences. No railroad in Great Britain or on the Continent dare refuse to furnish a single pas-ican perorexplicitwould flieir carssquadron in theas they crowdandftetnkdiugaiaeiits, which pending aggrandizement of Sardinia,passengers precisely manyswine. Theyin .task of iWwii tS>VA tlustosuffo-;ofItalywithmoralguaranteesfarfirst time ciglit hundred years, opportunitythat the roads did not costunited greatness and of federal peace.Then,lalnill to 6U y cant Stata Stocka firmer on and not till then, the French Emperor brings counts are pure fictions made up to drawKc^ange ob Faris, f.5.I7i ; London, forward the claims of France to a re- lease from the limitations arbitrarily im-frrm the without their knowledge.posed upon her by her flushed and angry and Other of enemie—s half a century since. lie asks forat treat the passengersnot as a new ex- of a territory long since quietly andto stand,•H* worthy the oonidwttton th^pubUc. which gives to a powerful State aU «• pM««« Of U» them out from light aa4 *if> Mtd reoogsise no;:Haayba,provoked insuriactlai, or ky u^erfasad •csavrei,niiedlbBivitobjectstorenopBe*the wiTy of AHKiO. He had made the nation but by frasUy explalnlac the qoesUoa to the Croat traveling pubUc at their merey, and they prac- Uniled State* aot ;has been announced from the thousand victorious and veteran The versal censure and troops.We repeat,long mayjenmapi.throne to be a duty devolTlog uponmayabjuredmaster of the legions ofthe ruler of Franoe, from tiie actaal position prefers a claim which any French sovereign the City needs more railroads,imperialstand,ience,wfakA is aB the moretoofranklyFrenchtoshrinkfromassertingthe right of France to reconatiuct, in her own in- terest, that map of her dominions which Eu- rope, in 1810, drew up ezpresaly to thwart herappealstothecommonsenseandjusticeofthe Buttheymustbebuiltuponabetterplan,—recentlyseem to«i*nitothe dispoaedand toheard Lwith alarm in England by no incon- sidaraikle portion of the EngUih Press and ofparentsageyears, aad became—adopted coontiyagainstthisMght aevluques- Mr. Mokcktok Milvis inlost sight of, snd without which it was Impossible to debate, or even to comprebend, this question—name- ly, that Savoy was not esseutial as a natloaallty ofuttered tiouably byhis frank andstatement that.the original act was passed.The fees, penal- L cironuistanced.Gen. Seulano'sresponsethe persons rightto build and operate a Rail-no tunnels, nothingproper space, air, light,Magentaand Solferinoagain, that ^that those nowevenat semepresided in the councils ofwhole races and communities without re- teride.Bepablic.sioa to return to his native islandni aaas a single"rules and regulations, and to enforoe a reduction fixed and liberal rate. We believe this to beway in which a useful practical re-This would secure the desideratum cheap and comfortable travel. The City has no right to derive a seriousmisunder- revenuefromtheridingpuUic,anymorethanbeiag- cwstfeitl^^ « >By your leavepect popular rights, popular feelings,sengef.It is notflie reeoOeetioakingsbutof the Morefrom the political and theof interoationaltheform can be enforced.iioue of the Tutis. ha« alrttuly been receired £rompeople who ride are the ones who should de-fit theina&i, it ia regaided as an imperfect story of the pt^sent Emperor of the French is the Tories and their immortal distrust of rive the benefit, in the reduction of fares, of any General's remonstrance produced no effect tion may oflicially dedaraaa^toVUf^ 'nllMtol —jing thapreaeotthe proposed sale of the Bailroad franchise, British Parliament points strongly in this therefore, is utterly unjust and unfair. Thethe injustice which they have led Englishmen whkh left Galway on the marn- of rank and 'sense to do the heir of the Na-The debate on theImperial speechin thement touching the ptu-ticularenormousof thedaj. TheBeformbill, introduceii name. in the whole BUMiLL, is divergely handled by the poleonic Nothing strangedii-ection. Lord John Manbebs, representiag France, could find no more solid reply to theted on Be LiAKO, and the rights of adopted possible corresponding beoett,American ai^ny[.^ailbat as Buch as can be wldi the preaent Ministerial com-teg meaaniemore marked with the plainlyThe representative of Spanish royalty, instead of ordering the liberation of the recusant, re- plied after the following fashion, through Gen.original pecu- liarities of his own genius and policy, nothing could less resemble the conduct in like cases of bnm the sabject of iuiimated discus- his great predecessor, than his coarse with re-Homeof Cominons. There is littleof the plan being realiied, either gard wUbonttheconsentofPiMmont. Indeed,;8c*ay to France runs h(gh in England, ~at Mr. Bbiobt for what Lord Johk chose toquestion of Savoy.Napoleonicex-Laureate ofdoes not release her natural bomto thisThe annexations of the First Napolkonsubjects, who choose to go abroad and become adopted citi- statesman of Birmingham in all the poetic ury of the House of Befiige. Tbe Board of zens of other States, from the obligation of magnificence of those earlier days in wtuch Trustees of that Institution were empowered military service, unless such subjects consenthot blood. His -settlements of territo- r. In the Duchies, in the mean- rial questions were as peremptory as his ar-he sang,vote opon the question of annex- wasabouttobetaken. Thein-"Let arts and learning, trade and commerce die,rerytheatres, are &c.,requiredMayor'srangements of an army on the field of battleand lestraio in vartous ways tinlawful exhibi-and the reckless heir of the great name of tions. The new law, as we have already ex- wheee case has been laid before the Cuban Peel ranted in his usual fashion about France plained, simply extends the provisions of the Executive cannot be released from custody, and the French. But what will be the ulti- act to a large class of public performances, since h* refuses to accept the alternative whichreasoningof theEmperorthan a clever tauntAHOBBUms.that tbe llberaUon of three mil-We do not know whether will or anjthinga certain of the streets of portionand other operatives, for the purpose ot' enabling tbe grantees named in their bills to divide thirty or forty pet cent, on theing-sirlsinvest. We showedby statistics in Uie Times of Wednesday, how the existing roadsliavebeenmanagedinthisrespect. We showed that the cost of these roads is stated atmorethan/ourtimeswhattheycouldbe buUt for,—and that the profits of the Compa- nies average ten per cent, upon this nominalthe manner inUntitled Documentpoaaibie money, and giving In leCam the possible acconunodaUon. They have the< <MrOwir aBagiMee, aad to beooms oitixena of themHe bad made •qulty, a* Fraioe would certainly understaail It for whieb no otheryoDd aU precedent prosperous. eaehoftbam under ilmllar community would tolerate for banner of CaatOe aad Leon must liii—uuh i>Sjpain. Whoever haspe«>efQl beyoDd all precedent In maldng it to- Powers. They will doubtlesi uaderttaad In their tice upon it regular and systemaUc extortions, flte miafinimie to be bom beneath the exeweftr ^In renewing for it the clToomstsaeas, tbat tbe aa hour. alwaysthe nation powerfulglory of its roost magnificent military past. to take plAoe gives as a rlgbl to a gnarantee iadlutedremain anbject to the Beoond laansLLA aad her stitnted by (Mrempbirt^ito consolidate it nibreter more just such fitiealwayslapoitaot territorial rearraagemeat wbieh Is aioat by Dattue bsrsolf."And now the Legislature proposes to char- heirs must— be liable toobeytheir aenger's 'the latter]firmly than ever by extendingand the manners of the French. The acqui- peror who heads an army of six hundred an the facts aa they do,—they wQl merit uni-a No mat- the misconduct ia oflae of Spaniard,alwnya ^maiard.!—and the declaration re- might honorably feel himself justified in as- in existence cannot accommodate all^eas the language of a sovereign too truly and before the tribunal of public opinion. He needed, aad sooner or later must be built. within her borders. A case hasof European politics ;ceived with acclamations of delight in France, serting by the sword, simply upon i(h merits as travel. If they would, and that new ones are of Spain once more, the moment he ventures fiioroagh^ deapiesMe. And^ie]and totbe free will of tbe people of Savoy give valut for the money they receive. TheyEuropean States to admit this claim;compelledtomust be honestly managed, aadpoint One Gavimo Dipoli-should be required to lay down a flat rail thatthemselves to ratify it There is nothing here ofthat snbUme devotion to dynastic interests andstrategical necessities which has heretofore every passenger who pays his fiire,—and to our—carriagup nmcarseoimfatoaccommodateallwhowish—will not obstruct City travel. to give a seat toat thein common with^em a natairaUzed tntixen of^\^We suggplel; aome days rince, that a Raii-;hardlyorganlziBgplan proposed by Ibtyer ifiA'.bad he set foot within the shadowwhen he was summoned by the anthorities torender military service to the crown of Spain salary of tSUW jier mmh. mI1— monopolies, aad tori^its, and to ahara their uncertain fata. tbe good sense toIf they do it,—knowingof nineSometime since he had ooearons into Austrians, Tories into Bnssians, and power to control the roads, to examine their as a conscript, or to pay a certain sum of portions at salariesbreathes indress on thisdoubted that thewillbesolvedwithoutstanding between France and the European from the walking or the sleeping public. Any General at Havana, who promptly put himself, by their fraudwwd tSMj^ of th»-.|every subject,ad- be which it sets forthline of theand it can questionscarcelygreat Cityemption frcHn it This contumacy led to his immediate arrest, and that again to an appeal in his behalf, naade to Mr< Helm, our Consul-European huigusges,Emperor's—tax it should be and uniform imposes equalexcessive profit that may accrue.SBuday Ajnnaemeats.Both Houses of the Legislature have passedIcall his mean mercantile subserviency to the an act amending the Act of 1839, by which SxBSAMO, to the application of Mr. Helm. Spainambition. TheYoung England towered over the shop-keepingCityfarkasmsri oc- asoflmmodatkNi wMeb tketo have thelicense, paying the fees therefor Into the treas-to prosecute offenders, sue out injunctions, to a pecuniary consideration for exemption payfrom saidsuch as negro minstrels, " beer garden" thC'' the laws of her Majesty Isabella the Second atricals, &c., which have come into being since offer to him, and to all other persons similariyter bow early he may forsake Mer eoU, or howjodiciaiy,by reseirlac (hafr—he absent himself from it no matter to the—the Spaniard, nevertheless, becomes a sobcurred In Cuba Inof this immutable Liako, bom a Creole of Cuba, emigrated to the United States with his'^ borne in mlad tte flBiriliae^ flMbtcy.into communication with the Cuban Govern- ment of this borean wiO;outrageperpetra-expensescitixensingeneral. ButtheConsuls improbablethattheCeftisetoend oftheirowe it to ladies and tta^'are inimotoriac " oomBeMMtiMbi^ "'"^ '.ing the nmners snd other uponemigraiito. Qiii Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 