 TIE BUKS OF STW YORK.that city, snd in its operations exercises a controll- ing influence upon the business of those who rely upon bank facilities for its successful prosecutioncaprUHsts of thia State. To this time rtevpta were made, snd snccessfully too, under ito provt sk.es to crests institutions, not for W ^ ^ S J o f tog, but for the purpose of the prfPTM*" ^ Jtrt* m. forctojr s Una of deposits above its fnlcnrm which enabled the banks of tbe Btate so speedily snd ^neeessfully to resume their corporate obtigaaoBS, sftsr their suspension in 1857.art "ssiaM^eSm Srter.oifather aHhsrter *rtes,than the usualI«al Report of the SaporlaUendcnt of throughout the State.U*a Bank Depart auent. It sppears to the Superintendent that the man- mSktog money npon mere . ^ " j f ^ S S J ,hu'jces* fully speciethey resumed payments theirand sus- presentm accordance with the provision* of section 11, of prudence would warn the banker that beyoad a cashiers. ^erydeytoewasiart»po«. £Hw "Act to ortulM a Bank Department;* has the certain sad fixed liability he should not advance. the return of note* to the «*222to»o3 mtsigned evao/Jievs York, particularly, should carry, a firm and steady line of discounts, based uron their capital, deposits and circulation; and should rtmtmber that while it is easy to expand in ap- parently good times, the necessary contraction to meet the changes of our almost certain perioaical convulsions xn the money market, tstfl only ag- gravate the difficulty under which both the banks and their borroioers labor, tehen a necessity for such contraction exists, always created by aprevious expansion.The business of banking, like any other pursuit, being open to all our citizens, the State having made it compulsory for those pursuing that busi- ness, to secure beyond all doubt the involuntary cisditor (t. e., the bill holder), legislation beyondhonor to submit, for the conaJdemtion of the Legia- That the temptation to bank officers with means in redemption, and they were » ^ b 7 t t " f f i £ o fredeemed at par by the Superintendent the day following their final protestation.That the restless spirit of change will call for some impracticable reforms in onr present banking laws, snd exhibit itself in the midst of the Legisla- ture at its present session, is beyond a doubt, it ex- perience teaches the truth upon this subjectTbe amendment of any general law to meet the views [ot individuals or localities Is always fraught with danger, to the body politic, and should not be entertained for a moment, unless it is adapted to every locality in the State, and is of certain expe- diency. The past year has been one of returning prosperity to onr citizens and their interests, and the successful prosecution of their various voca- tions are intimately connected with the banks of this State. The introduction of a disturbing ele- ment into our banking system, by unwise amend- ments to onr general banking law, cannot produceantare, the followingREPQHfT.The past yenr has fat rdahed additional evidencetheir hands n great to step beyond the bounds a t t h e p h u * ? / h ^ ^ - J ^ v ^ T ^ w a s ^ a V r i e d onof thoseflstaitTtahedgsnUsmsn;— GKKKKAL BtTaA«BAU B. t i S i aWas born about the beginning of the present century, n Jefferson county, Georgia From hat boyhood he was rec artable for hi* brave and steadfast devotion to ska friends and his principles, for hi* tenacious and oftentimes m petuou* rssentments, and for a disregard of all totf- t*h and pecuniary motive*, so positive and hast, tual as to amount almost to a fault. Be lore* nature and hi* friends; but he did not tors book* orschool*. He learned quick aud well whM the world and. its events brought before bim; bet no man with hh capa- city and acquirement* ever owed less to regular study. Hi* peculiar mental characteristie was a strong uncalcq laUngand overpowering love of juitice. which a bold na- tural logic led to swift and right conclusions. Thus fact explains the success of hi* policy as a statesman.In the summer of 1835 be was In Texas, then preparing to dissolve its connection with Mexico. The armies oC Mexico passed the frontiers In great force M chastise theshould be, as free as its use is in any other purssit. The old system of special charters, by its very en- ormity, left its impress so strongly upon the public mind, that banking was a monopoly enjoyed by the favorite few, that legislation has been invoked eachgacity, as it is in any other occupation.In connection with this fact oi a decreasing cur-rency, as compared with the business ef the State, it may not be improper for the Superintendent to refer to another cause which may exercise an influence,evil, not only to the banks, but to the business of the wbole community.The people of the State have not, for several years, evinced, by petition or otherwise, aoy desire to make a radical change in onr banking laws.resist any interference of the kind with their pur- suits, ss an outrage upon their private and per- sonal rights. Capital, whether employed in rais- ing agricultural products, or in building a sewing machine or a locomotive, or in the business of tanking, is entitled to the same protection from oar laws, and should be Wt. unshackled by legis- lation, for the u«e of the indivldutl proprietors of it. Let us suppose, for a moment, that the capital employed in the biwiuess of barking, to be retired from that pursuit and returned to its owners by legislative enactment Would it lie idle? By nonot from the entire uniformity of the coin used.means. It would euter u»on enterprises itself, or safety; and it will be seen by the rapid increase ofdo. do do. do do. do do. do do. do do. do do. do do. do do. dowould he loaned for buainels purposes, aud ia a capital employed in the business of banking, howffsw short months would be performing the very responsive it was to its profitable employment in4108.100 ficial operation of that law, having had returned3S 32.100 to him by the Police Commissioners of the city of33 68.100 Hew York thirty-six plates for the alteration of33 26.100 genuine and the production of counterfeit notes,* Nassau Bank of Brooklyn... BrooklynCapital. battle tbe decisive blow was btruck, and Santa Anna was $100,000 made prisoner.flnnctions that now appertain to it, in its present employment In this position It would require no self-constituted boaTd t o regyjlate it in its o p e ntions or invoke legislation for its control.The publication of the weekly statements of the hanks Iu the city of New Y orii and the quarterly statements made to the Sapennter*dent, all tend to keen the public eye upon'.the business of banking m this State. Capital employed in this businessKama.Location. Cohoes Whitehalland its operations is kept constantly before the tions and individual bankers of this Suite, wereTexas under the new constitution. He 10 aiorued tha 18,000 office that bis succession to the Presidency took place al- £5,600 most by popular acclamation. During hi* admintstratiooKple, and assumes a power and control orer the $239 for each $100 of actual capital paid up; iuof that function or not, as it may choc*e. They are precisely alike, and each has the right to pro •acute it* business in its own way, subject to the samelawsand restriction*. , "Woold it not be .a new feature in legislation to hsvs a petition preseuttd'to the Legislature to cur- tail the business of Messrs. B i w n Bsothera k Co , ojc Messrs. Duncan, Shermanm/Co .to exactly twicemay, than any law which the Legislature can frame.While no fixed and certain rule can be applied to the management of banking capiul in this SUte, and it is impossible to establish, with any certain degree of accuracy, what line of discounts should be maintained, as compared with the amount of capital, deposits snd circulation, still the expe-$28,068,336 92which prudence would dictate, is fully admitted, whea to this is added the fact that the larger the dividends the more sagacious the officers are in thethe.note itself. , * £ « ^ J g 5 K 5 T c U y o f New7 ° * k ' « f e y a ^ v l s K ^& J i P J r % f i ? cotjelhJdTan banks, banking asso-rftto toredeem tbetr notes through anagent inone^f themVat one-half nf one per cent discount The tact Hist the use of capital in the business of "While the employment of capital in the business SrronVenVt* were made to Induce the Legislature hanking is open to any or ail who choose this par- of banking is left as free as Its use is In any other to reduce the amount of discount to one-quarter of tiooiar pursuit, or I may any profession, places it business—and in the opinion of the Soperintendent one per cent These efforts failed, nHhongh con-«f the utility, as well as the safety, of the business« f banking, s s now pursued in tat* State under the eyes of the stockholders. It would seem almostCri*k>n* of the "Act to authorise the business of king; passed April 18, 1»38, sad the amend- menu to to the tame.idle to endeavor to show by the experience of the past where the bounds of safety lie in the employ- ment of capital in the business of banking.upon the same basis ss that of any other inrest- properly so—it is idle to inveke legislaUve aid to Baeat ef capital for business purposes. control i t The desire to accumulate property orThe business of banking in this State, until 1838, capital in the individnsl man is far safer to thewas transacted through special charters, conferring community, and more certain in its sction upon •xcmsivexntvfleges; ana even after twenty years1 banking capitsl, and its use or abuse, than the con-experience amder the General Bank Law, it is centrated wisdom of all past legislation.wlmcult to impress upon the pbblic mind the fact To exhibit the actual condition of the business oithat the employment of capital in banking is, and banking in this Stats, its culmination and itstinued during the sessions of 1849 and 1850. Ingradual but certain return to the point that will make the investment of capital in that pursuit|a certain anti secure source of remaneratioB to its proprietors, the following summary in relation to the investment of capital in banking has been pre-its employment should be le$ to individual sa sny beneficial effect, and it may result in unmixedthat peculiar business or pursuitAgain, the investments of the banks during thoseveara show the same result, and that banking, as a business, in this State, reached its extreme point of profit during the years 1850, 1851, 1852,1853 and 1855. ,During the year 1850 the aggregate loans—in- cluding the stocks and bonds and mortgages in this department—of the banks, banking associa-Bank of Coboes Bank of Whitehall100,oC0 Tbe gallant young Georgian paa-ed from the field of 300,000 battle to toe cabinet councils of the new republic, and, as Secretary of War, sat in judgment when the life of Santa Anna waa at stake. Lamar voted fur tuS death, aad, stern as seema tbe opinion, future evebts showed the jasuce andmess of the country beyoso. what it Is legiti- 1861, $242; in 1852, $24»i; in 1853, $241; in 18,54,mately entitled to exeit. T«e amount thus em- $223; in 1855, $227; in ls.56, $223; in 1857, $217; in lation ot bank notes was on the 29th of June,uoinj)i=;iaii<jD that the independence of Texas was recog- Three individual bankers have also deposited se- nized by tbe leading governments of Eirope.ployed is far below that of many other branches of in-dustry, and the capital employed in those pursuitssilently and sorely performs its duty withoat ar-traeting the public gaze or appealing for legisla- It will be seen that the profitable years for1*50. $24,214,341; and on the U'tto of June, 18..8. $24,079,193, being absolutely $135,14* less bank note circulation issued by the banks of tbis State inOn which has been iseued a circulation of.tive action to facilitate or contEbl its operations. 1851,1852,1853 and 1K55.The employment of capital in the business of During the year ending on the 11th day ofbonking and the use of currently are made two d s- June, 1853, nearly $14,000,000 of bankingcurrency arose, in part, from the partial resump- tion of the banks in the fall of 1857. But it will be observed that the per centage of circulation in- creased to only 24 18-100 per cent during the year ending on the~25th of June, 1859; and the actual amonnt of enrreney in circulation, and in use on that day, was only $26,759,915-; an increase upon thatof 1850 ofonly 2,544,574. This presents a singular resultThe discounted debt of the banks was, on the 25th day of June last, in round numbers, $185,000-, 000, against nearly $191,000,000 an the 6th day of June, 1857, that being the highest line of "loansCapitaltanct operations by our General Bank Law. While Ike former is entirely unlimited, and properly so; the latter is a restricted powerj and based upon the •angle idea of perfect security;to the note holder,wisdom of each of those provisions cannot be itionedbyanyonewhoremembersthesuapeu-and resumption of our basks in 18J7.The repeal or the restraining law of 1830. by the act of 1S37, left every citizen of the State in a po-sition to pursue the business of banking under tha General Bank law of 1838; and with the excep- tion of issuing currency to circulate as money, and hunting the liability of the stockholders when a banking association was formed under its pro- visions Jno new power w » conferred by it.capital, was invested in that business, and during the succeeding year $7,000,000, and in 1856, $12,000,000, and nearly $10,000,000 in 1857; thus increasing the banking capital of the State from a littlelessthan$60,000,000in1852,toover$107,000,- 000 m 1857.tion, placed in proper hands, would soon be effect- H. J. Miner fc Company's Bsnk, Dunkirk ually felt among the organized gangs of counter- J. N Hungerford's Bank, Corningfeiters, and tend to cheek their operations. The R. M.Godaard k Company's Bank, Canton detection of this peculiar crime is now left to the$^),coo sifted and exposed tbe treason. Thai, the most startus- 50,000 and least understood portion of Texan* history, ted directly 60,000 to the incorporation ef Texas with tbe United States. It1858, $192; and in 1859, $198. The figures are given in round numbers, without the fractions.DuntoftMcapitalaotttsJHypaidinbythe riencethatthepasttenyearsfurnisheswill > e pattoers of tfcoss Bras? Such a pso- throw some light upon this vexed question.litloittrustforbarkingas-Foi••ai;< iig and individualbankeis, Sept 30, 1868.. ..$26,393,098 83Increase during tbe year 1869 1,676,238 09 Amountofcirculation outstanding Sept30, 1668...Bonds and mortg'e.Sv60,166 00 Illinois State stoek.. 63,6fe« 06wouui meet tlie gencml contempt it wouldThe Superintendent fully admits that questions of locality, amount of deposits and circulation. do notThe banks of this State are currying a line of loans and dizeounts within the smallest fractiony deserve. >»till,aa nsfore remarked, men,28,068,336 92VWNEW TORE HERALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1860>J^LE SgEET,—;iO B I T U A R Y .»'lrabeam B. Lamar, ofTtzai, Umm Boyd. of Kcntatky, aad Bishop sTo«na«••> of8 m . OF Haw Yona\ Bairs DfTAmrtwr, I agement of banking capital can be brought within WAj.BA!iT,Dsc,31,lft>9. ) certain fixed rules, beneficial alike to both the n>tes were rigned by powers oi » ^ d wakone o? the elements of the psnic of 1857, *ndor his obligations during the year, with the sitv »f 11 known parses* hi thi* country, the names of Mou"man B. LA V AS, ex Preside t of Texas, and Lua Born failure was permitted for the purpose of closing wL o held the position of Speaker ot the House of Bepra-Tin Superintendent of the Banking Department, lender snd the borrower. In fact that coonwn given to trre^fasibk, perao«> a . J g f C j U S should be svoided by the bank*. Those xn the citygle exception of am individual banker, whoseup his business of banking, and whose notes were sentn tives in IMS. We now append arttrhia of ths fcret)banking capital are again shown to have been 1858 than in 1850. This extreme curtailment oflic.A contribution of $10 or $20 from each institu-under the name and title ot—to a semi vassalage to England, under condi- tions that would make its future annexation to tha United States impossible er not worth accepting LamarA comparison of the years 1858 and 1859 willshow that the efforts of the banks to resume speciepayments reduced their yearly iucome or promts toa point lower than the history of banking in thisState, under the general law,bad shown during the and discounts'' reached by the banks of this Stateluiteu States stock, 6 per centTotalOn which has been Issued a circulation ofcharacter of the securities deposited and held in father afterwards removed with bis fatni'.y to Christian,trust for its redemtion on the 30th dsy of Septem- now Trigg county, Kentucky, and settled near aa* *-astpast ten years, and that a healtoy and profitable use ot capital in that business is again aproachiug. One of the beneficial results arising from theduring the past ten years.Again, the increase of 'stocks and promissorynotes," from June, 1857 to June^ 1859, was over$120,480 The following table exhibits the total amount of outstanding circulation issued to banking associa- tions and individual bankers, and the amount andLINN BOYD,Ex-Speaker of the House of Representatives, was born atNashville, Tenn., on the 22d of November, I80O. HasThe effect of the repeal of tl|e restraining act of entire freedom given to the employment of capital $1,000,000. This brings the gross earnings of the IKio is readily seen in the creation of targe indi- by our General Bank law is mat the individual banks within one or two per cent of the most pros- vidual banking houses ia the* city of New York, sagacity of the owners of it will develope its use perous year ever enjoyed by them, and thW, too, whose business is exactly of the nature ot a bank in that business exactly commensurate with the re- with a circulation curtailed nearly $6,000,000 from Log association. These private banking houses re- quirements of the businessM the country, thus its highest point in 1857; a deposit line reducedber, le59:— OuiM«u,uiug circulationBonds and mertgage*N. York State stock, 4 \ p. c.Do. do. $ do. i^st^oaoi Do. do. 6?i do.. i;o87'.0O0 00 Do. do. 6 do.. 10,679,783 92United States do. 5 do..$1,743,000 00$26,480,632 hank of the Cumberland river. The hand of necessity was on young Boyd. He was compelled to labor on his«*ive deposits, discount noteSjSJHMits of exchange, proving tbat the inirfliiuble^at of supply and de- $o,000.«>oo, ond an injrease of a specie reserve,$6,176,912 7919,262,036 931,864,100 00102,000 004M.733 3441,OoO 00 78,554 86lather a farm, but be never faltered or tailed in tbe da- charge of the labors or duties assigned htm. In the beat of the day he steadily and constantly pursued the labors of tbe forest, the field acd the mill. The nights an.I the inclement days of winter found him poring over th»? few books and taking advantage of the limited routinenf in- struction furnished by the occasional schools of that day. This was all that the wealth—it mty be the wholesome adversity of circumstance—could do for Linn Boyd; but he made the best of it.In the year 1826 he left the paternal roof and settled ia the adjoining county of Galloway, part of ibat whichAndrewJackson,in1819,securedtotheUnited States by treaty with tbe Indians. Here be m **d freely with tbe people, andtookpart, boldly and decisively, in the discussions relative to the appropriation and settle- ment of those lands So early and entirely did he gain theconfidenceofthepeople,thatin1827bewasretaroel- as their member to tbe representative branch of the Leand deal in coin and bnlttoD, * | 1 * a Mabilitf that mand applies arfeh the sane certainty and f>rce to from thfjame point, of I8,000,00(). The Atperfn-covers the entire fortoee ef tnfrr proprietors.The issuing of currency,as befsrastated, is a dis- tinct function of either the individual banking housethe employment of capitsl in the business of bank- ing ss to sny other business pnrsnit.As before remarked, the individual sagacity that1857, to hare been the most profitable year enjoy- ed l>y the bank* during the past ten years.There aic two deductions to be m.id-' from these figures by comparison. The first is, that while the bsnks maintain their present position of resources and liabilities, or nearly so, they will keep the pub- lic faith entire, both in their management and utili- ty, and in their entire safety to the community; and that their present position is one of great strength, and in fact it may be considered impregnable Iroin any cause arising within our own borders. They bold over twenty per cent of specie up>n their en- tiredeposits,andtheNewYorkcitybaukshave nearly thirty per cent in specie on their net deposits.ac s of the Legislature.of 1859, are as follows :— The Medina Back, heretofore an individual bank, has become (by consent of all its stockholders and an increase of capital, as shown by the certificate or association bled in this office.) a banking asso-ciation.Under chanter 156 of the Laws of 1859. the EagleBank of Rochester and the Manufacturers' Bank of Rochester were consolidated, and the two associa- tions were merged into one, under the name of the Traders' Bank of Rochester.Under chapter 84 of the Laws of 1859, the Nia- garaRiverBankchangeditsnametothatofthe Lockport City Bank, and its location from Buffalo to the village of LockportThe Mechanics' Bank of Williamsburg, by chap.can accumulate capital is a sate i guide Uo i s in- or the bauking association. Ench can avail himself vestment in any business vocation, he 'it what itDo. do. 8 do.. Arkansas S'te do. 6 do.lliiriute Stale do. 6 do. Mchigaa State do. 6 do. CwbTotalAggregate of tbe securities121,100 00the, three hundred banks and bankers doing busi- Eoms time *inoe ws pubuahed, among the death* o Banks were focated » 1 ^ J ^ r f 3 t n r a v «edits npon which busineai it transacted. Thta ness in this State, not one has failed (0 meet theirat the agency »f t ^ ^ ^ - Wliterally comply-1861 the act of 1840 was so amended as to reducei the discount upon country currenoy to one-quarter this point has no more reason to interfere withof one per cent This act literally closed th^e door to illegitimate banking in this Btate. With scarcely an exception, that class of tanking associations and individual bankers gave notice to close their busi- ness; and within the year nearly a million of dollars of this class of currency was returned and destroyed in this department.neverto be again replaced in cir- culation for the purpose only of purchasing it at a discount at their respective agencies. For the first time in the history of our bank legislation thethe sction of the capital employed in that business than if it was employed in the dry goods, grocery, hardware, or any other pursuit chofen by sny citizen or citizens of this State, andyeareithertorestraintheactionofcapitalorfet-pared.Thebanks,bankingassociationsandindivi-Legislatureseemedtohaveascertiinedtiefixedalthoughindirect,uponthecirculationofbankTheyknowfnllwellthattheyenjoyapapercur-rtbek—menwhopresumedtodemandfreedomofthapresster it in its operation*. dual bankers doing business in this State had placed fact that human sagacity could not frame a law notes. Still, he has no doubt that its action is pow- rency unequalled in the world; and all attempts,and of conscience, trial by jury, and law* for their own security, and who had even gone ao far as to act upon these principles, and had cleared their borders of the forts aad soldiers which Mexico bad placed In their midst to check. the spirit of rebellion and self-government. So stood matters—twenty thousand Texan* scattered over a wild extent of country, against tbe seven millions of Mexicans,u it uot strange that men of sagacity In all upon interest in the shape of discounted notes,flaiags else, cannot ate at a glance that the business of banking has been, by the act of 1S38 and the aaaendsaents to the same, placed on exactly the aasne footing a* the employment of capital is in any otter lawful business pursuit.The merchant** and the mechanics of the city of l e w York, the farmer of the interior,,or the village merchant and mechanic would resist,and properl y so any legislative interference with their business •ursaits. Would the Legislature entertain, for a moment, a proposition that all the commercial,agricultural or mechanical business of the Stateshoold be confined in its operations to, say, onceand a half or twice the amounl of actual capitalomployedin transacting sach business? Not for amoment. The burdnsss men of the State would 1856 and 1857, and reached the lowest point, so farwhich would control the issue of paper money erful, wid growing more formidable from year to for the pat-t few years, to make such change,have arisen from theoretical thinkers, and not from a practical knowledge of the working of our system of banking.It is made tbe duty of the Soperintendent of theBanking Department of this State, by subdivision3, of section 11, of the set to organize a Bank De-or rather what may be more properly called "loanssnd discounts," in 1860, 82 97-109 per cent of theirliabilities, including their capital, deposits and cir-culation. It will be observed that of immediate parties interested therein. As before remarked, l* progressing with great rapidity. Every day's means but 17 per cent, including bank balances,was instantly available.This was using capital, and the credit ef depositsthis act closed, in a great measure, the banks of mere circulation,and the general Bank law began to produce the rruits expected by its advocates.experience teaches tu that the art of counterfeit- ing and altering bank notes keep pace with the efforts of the regular engravers to protect their business by reaching a higher degree of artistic perfection in the engraving and printing of bsnkmade solely for the purpose of realizing a profit upon its purchase by the issuer himself, unless it made the transaction a source of no profit to theIt is evident even to the casual reader of the daily papers that counterfeiting and altering bank notesand circulation, to the utmost extent that prudencewould admit, consistent with the safe and profita-ble investment of the actual amount of capitalemployed. This per ceutage arose to 84 MOO percent in 1851, and fell to 83 34-100 in 1852; was the eutire banking capital of the State. It did not circulation in this State is beyond cavil or dispute. again reduced to 82 51-100 in 1«53. It fell again topartment, "to suggest any amendments to the with a disciplined army and rich treasury. Tbe peoplelaws relating to banking, by which the system may were holding meetings to debate how to moet tbe luvu*be improved, and tbe security of the bill holders eion, but 00 one talked of submission to Mexico. In ooom alt things efc>e, yeafy press upon meion of fliaJLegybttnre fhe necessity of con- allow the role of action of each bank to be the of eighty per cent of their capital, deposits and 122 of tbe Laws of 1868, has changed its name tothe discount line of ba#ikiag association to same in its transactions; still, it appears to him that and a half or twice the amount of their an approximation to a safe stand point can be ob-<irralotion. In other toords, they hare on inte- rest, tncltidiny toana and discounts, stocks and fond." and mortgages, ttnee the amount of their capital.prompt payment by the parties who become the purchasers, if not the consumers, of this vast rnnouDt of the products of foreign industry. Be- yond this single clond in tho horir.on of banking, every indication of safety and consequent pros- Serity and urofit is palpable, if ordinary prudencei exerciseo.The Increase and decrease of the business of thecountry, arising from the manner in which its business transactions were formerly conducted, owing to the closing of our river* and canals, made, of necessity, a fluctuating demand upon the banks for money, thus producing whit may be called a spasmodic line of loans and discounts. This is now, in a measure, unnecessary, from the facility of transacting business the entire year through chan-that of the Manufacturers' Bank.The charters of the Ogdensbtirg Bank and theBank of Whitehall ha»e both expired during thelast fiscal year. The Bank of Whitehall continuesbusiness under articles of association as a freebank. The (superintendent has no knowledge thatthe stockholders of the Ogdenbburg Bank intend toemploy^the capital heretofore employed by themin the business ct backing under the (General Bank V. S. stock 1.626,000 00 law.$26,490,632 00capital absolutely paid in, That this view of the saanjtted use of capital in the business of banking I* equally tale to the people; of the State as it is In any ntfaer pursuit, let us look at its operations for the past few yeais.During the past vear capital has, for the first time since the passage of th^ General Bank Law, comparatively paused in its aggregation for the Kirpoae of pursuing the business of banking. One 6th of June, 1NJ7, the amount of actual capitalemployed in the business of banking was, in roundnumbers, $103,000,000, having risen to that amountatom *44,000,000, in l84». During the year ending19th June, 18»e, 16,000,000 was added to the bank- effort. It will lie observed that the tendency was24,608,194 00 gtslature. Judge James, an old, well known and tndu- ential citizen, was his opponent. Subsequently Calloway $1,887,438 00 formed ,an election district, and for tbe two suc-ceeding years IIr. Boyd was elected to the same position by a vote of two to one over popular men of the opposition. What is remarkable is that in all his career he never made personal enemies of his opponents, with his competitors, through life, there ever existed a sincere and confiding friendship.During bis connection with the Legislature he brought forward, In connection with other gentlemen, a system which proved peculiarly applicable tor the appropriation and settlement of these lands. Thi* judicious ay stem pro- tected the settler on the one hand,and the legitimate inter- ests of tbe State on the other.Having served the people of Calkrway three seenions, which expired in 1830, he returned to hi* paternal roof in Trigg county. In 1831 be again became a candidate on this new Held, and was elected by the krgeating capital of this State: and this too, while the entire community was laboring under severe pe- oontary embarrassment, t i e amount or capital that has sought investment in that business during tJhe past fiscal year is scarcely a million and a quarter of dollars, and of this nam a moiety is in the shape of ncreated capital to banks already existing; and but 1168,125 has sought investment i a aew association* and individual banks.This furnishes clear proof that capital has become hlarmed st the risk it sustains in the prosecution of the business of banking, or that its profits areAscreasmg, or that other investments are being csttsklered either more safe or more profitable.The desire of accumulating property or capital is general and more intense with as as a nation with any other- Still'while capital perhapsi neater risks for large profits, in this country than ia the old world, yet with its proverbial timidity jt has, as before remarked, for the first time since the passage of our Free Bank law, paused in its ag- gregation, for the pursuit of profits in the businessfrom their resumption to ao increased use of their capital, deposits and circulation. this percentage of use rising from 77 per cent in 1858, to 78 per cent in 1859. The average for ton years of the use of the available means of all these tnstitutims in this State is 80 93-100 per cent It would seem that this point should be safe to both banker and borrower, and that this average would be a fair criterion to base an opinion upon, as between the extremes of 1850and4859 there were years of very general prosperity, as well as of extreme depression, in the business of banking.ltoe Legislature, viz:—Bank of Orange county, Goshen (under, stimulating the business of the community t h e business capacity and mgacrty that can gather around it, beyond a healthy and steady action, and capital hi masses would seam to be able to pre- extending itself beyond a prudent and safe use ofserve It at least unimpaired in its employment, and its capital and credit.' If a bank is properly loca-$200,000 00 ccme a cnnCuate. He waa defeated, however, part- ly through the great popularity of hla o^t«onccu has in a measure ceased to be transacted through whether under the general or apecial laws, the Of Ffmrittf r-eld intrust by tbe Superintendent of the and partly through *ant of his own exertion in me can-ted this per ceutage upon capital, deposits terest and a belief in the ultimate safety of an inve»t- and circulation will yield a fair rate of profitthe medium of bank notes. The multiplicity of banks themselves has in part produced this result. While banks were few in sum tier, and distantly lo- cated from each other, an individual check was not available as immediate means between partiea transacting business, however good the same might be. The facilities now for cashing checks and drafts by the readiness with which any citizen can reach a bank, if he resides in any part of the Suite except John Brown's tract, is sues thst a bsnk ac- count is as necessary to one class of citizens, al-duty devolving upon the Superintendent has been perfoimed by bim personally.The amount of securities transferred from this department during the fiscal year has been, ofaU> banks, balking aesociatiocs and individual bankers, and outstanding September 30,1869:—make such investmett profitable. A large rate of in-lu 1336 be was chosen member to Congress, and be- cittt at once identified with tbe administration of Pre sidrit Jackson. The separation of partiea WM mcr« <t and ceciued. The spirit of Jefferson was rsvive-l, andaaoai will, as all experience has taught, concentrate capital in any enterprise whatever. Banking in this M a s until lbod was more profitable than the ordi-' »ve*tments found by capital. But either from**» aato the ultimate security of such invest- r ^ y*»^e belief that the profitsaxe to fallstar toeb^D*ital •aMr*> COEftP*r*tely « e M e d to e m "8I S ^ E ! ! ^ 2 D ^ * £ n k mw'was resisted?w<»jK«TM^*»*iiw*ol4 lead to excessiveto its stockholders; and as capital will increase its employment in the business of banking as the com- merce of the State requires, the maintenance of this position by the banks will not retard or cripple the growing business of the citizens of our State.BEcrRnns rrcu>.For banking associations and individual$28,068,336 $1 the ccctriDC* of '98 and '9U were agam b:oi:,.at forward. 67,366 03 In the great commotion which followed, Mr. Boyd took 200,000 00 an active conservative P&rt. In 1&05 Mr. Boyd ctoc^nt forward the bill to refund a fine imposed upon M*ua-;w Lyon, wbo was convicted, under the "alien and sediuoa law," of what was regarded as extravagant seutimeu'S.This wa? Anally consummated in 1839.$26,490,632 00 In an hour of seeming peril aud frenzy Mr. V.c; Bj.-en 10,090,644 00 convoked Congress, in this state of alarm Utceiymottcane iu, and air. Boyd found himself oppodid by a d*> $36>81,27fl 00 luociaii; candidate, contending for a Bauk. of th • Cite tif thate evidence! iaJuaey efgreat principle fopen to all our citi- ie pastyear238 09, while the tocrese in chcalafioZialufifrom d W , g t h e y e a rAmtry or efiart, is entirely safe to the « S K n £ -s e long ss its control is solely in the han^Tof 2S r w r s sad ^ppXg&fe^? « ^ e 2 t f bom the business of banking exceeds that of otherThat c a p ^ has wisely psnsed in the punmt of pursuits, capital will, with unerring certainty, he -,*fit in the biiuness of banking, the Baporhv attracted to it, until sn equilibrium is establisheddecimal parts of s dollar; and thst comparatively a small one, when we compare the amount of the business of the State with its currency. While unwilling to accede to the proposition thai bank credita are currency, a proposition strongly enf .ned by nome gentlemen who find pleasure, if uot profit (which is at least problematical), ia cur- retcy tinkering, yet he readily admits, that ss theviz—licorporated basks Banking association*sendest fully behoves; sn* an axamiaattoa of theTfieeurptna prcfim of those institutions had "mown with their growths and strengthened wi|h thosuenjttkT of thSr cap tal,- until ia addition To SJftecKred dividends, \i had risen from $7,0y7,* * £ It* other investments. * That which was, perhaps, really dangerous as a "~T*y. loses all its terrors' when open to$250,165, over and above the amount of titis class of securities received by this depsrtment dnring the psst year. The years 1858 and 1859 are the only ones showing a decrease of the amount sf mortgages held by this department, since the pas- sage of the general Bank law of 1838.Clottog and insolvent banks!.'*.'.',;;'.;.;.*;;,';.;;;*;' 35 Total 334Superior Court—Special Term. Before Chief Justice Boswortb.and '43: in '45 was returned without onposii^n: in 47 tie was elected by a majority of three thouaanfi t»o hind-isl votes, in 4V without oppotuuoo, and in 1851 dd.-an-u b>ui the whig and opposition democratic candidates i»u<-iag t-»» bst term of his office be was chosen tothe Sf«'is.ers.iip < f ibe House, which position he again held auric? cueeon to im to fl3JM9,0M ia 185T. la 18*8 H de-oxeasai, while various bsnks passed toeir drvidead* that he is of atendentbere to state "Tjt aapoaits and cirtjala-0 cimU&tUm ^"Pored by them onrestrain the bank from collecting a certain claim from verter of m* State, and was elected, although •vukopsa bad prevented bim from taking any active t vrt m -.ie1 Ui*mainU», amouattog fa, the asm of »U8JC2 99. en canvas*. Is poHtxa Mr. Boyd was a pro slavery i' T*-tbe ground of usury and fraud, and to require them to cxat, as a speaker was pleasant in his manner iwl e-l-x - deliver up the securities which they hold in th-rr beads live in debate, and duricg bis Speakership ol-nuo. 0 I.K for tbe payment of thst amount. It ts alleged that from reputation of an impartial and ca|*ble p r e s i d e -jifix-r.Janwy,ia«,topenary,ISM,u*ptejntis,obutoed tiediedathi*residence,inI'adDcah,Kentucky,on'he5M135b,66d, aa^ again, in & * , to J 3 ^ 4 m estimates npantion, as shown to Thst the eoMeatraxioa cf capital to the business this department,acre, the buiiessaftirsoFthe " ^ *£*&**itae great rldktiBg centre of vslues, or gather tin through the action or the CleartnK *££?>T K H ^ L ' *tns/4th day of September last was only $27 J7I; . 968, thus showing that $8,610,308, of beak notes were m the possession of the partiea authorized to put tbe rame In circulation as money.^Jb^au,B>v*r^4b»n«».bankingassociationand <individual bankers, in the actual prosecution of banking basins**, Is 299; and in addition to that number, thirty-five are either closing their business voluntarily or are being closed by tile Snperinten- Cent,[Here follows s deeeription of the various tables in the appendix, which we o m i t ]of banking m our State, and its careful or m-kless deposits.1' It is, usemthatpnrsnit,steadieaorderanges,lm»••»• sincetheamountof"net•n°utafewyearstoined. and now only in tnTcW^rVeas depotfr^rhich snd to whfca ^ws the chv,aid notoperative anonthe c«5niE^l2j'a*.tin this depsrtment. •It is almost unnecessary for the SoperintendeatP w n trael for them to pay toterestat eirrnW £ !!f?.S « a t m s . of ttTaaoductiens of the "to*!*** htltod States, w f s s e n i to patce »^spoastbHityview of the deposits, as before mentionedMSL !£!? mates aud comparisons are bawd upon the < terJy returns to the Bank Department, asfiix » his opinion that the element of weakness, to oar present method of banking, is in stimulatis*; deposits by the payment of interest,or offering sny other extra ordmsry inducement to concentraie Wlances in that ohspe in our bunks. AH the bosf-' annum for the loan, iad that TmSJS? S l i ! . tourest on the various'loan* luaouuted to » 2 « ^ J i T ^ wt>cb waa iba eighteen per cent on paVrof^^oazS^L* dlTers turns of monry demanded bv rfBaenT^t^!S\P*'Lttf o*.wsarily ara« from an » P f » ^ . •II!lie.a t^-ci 'he pcwcriUcedutbetrhaauj.o dthe bank, and then transferred to the bankw*Sw*?^ftained. The per ceutage of loans andi discounts have been given in this report upon theamoimt of carital, deposits and circulation lor the^past ten years, taken from the annual June statement of the condition of ail the banks, bankiug associations and individual bankers. This is found to vary from 84 to 77 per cent, comparing the loans ana discounts8*». 1»65» TArr.ouM or circulation outstanding Sept.To force hank liabilities, as an aggregate, be- yond this point, the Superintendent does not believe to be prudtnt; and particularly so, when Uie importation of foreign goods is so unusua'iy large as it has l>cen the pre$*"nl year. Wmle the ultimate burden of payment must tall upon the consumer, the capiul of the city of New York must, in the main, stand between the foreign credit- bands immediately preceding their June state- or and any default which niay be made in theIncrease for year ending Sept. 80, I860...with the capital, deposits and circulation. The lowest point was reached in 1858.1,991.860 00The resumption of specie payments by ourThe money held in trust for Walter Joy's Bank, amounting to $4,287 48, and for the Astor Bank, amounting to $48 77, has been paid into the trea- sury under the provisions of chapter 23u of the ls»ws of 18&9. The time for the redemption of the certificates of the James Bank and the Bank of New Rochelle having expired, the money in the hands of the Superintendent, amounting for the Jame-; Bank to *l,5:i2 44, and for ihe Bank of SewBo- chelle to $1,341 81, has been paid into the treasiry of the btate.Under the provisions of chapter 119 of the laws of 1859, the capital of the Kingston Bank, an in- corporated institution, has been reduced from $200,000 to $150,000; and under chapter 53 of the laws of 1859, the capital of the Mohawk Bank, of bcbcDectady, an associated bank, was reduced by the Sflferintendent from $200,000 to $51,000, this amonnt being subsequently raised to $100,000 by the stockholders, to euablS|them to avail them-ment of 1858, and a large reduction of their liabili- ties of course immediately followed their successfulCath12,750 86By reference to the figures in relation to the percemage of circulation upon capital given below itwill be peen that in 1850 the amount of circulation notes. That altering and counterfeiting bank of bank notes in this Stae was fifty per cent upon notes does exercise a powerful influence upon theirard depositors may be increased."Tbe legislation of the past two or three yearshaving placed tbe internal affaire of the Bank Department on a footing that makes it both secure snd efficient, and believing our currency entirely secure, and that nei- ther the people of the State nor the banks require ary change in our bank laws for their mu- tual protection, the Superintendent most respect- fully submits this report to the Legislature, with- out any suggestions for an alteration or an amend- ment to onr present banking laws.All which is r'et-pecttuHy submitted.Jas. M. COOK, SuperintendentTABLE.During the last fiscal year three banking institu-tions, with an aggregrate capital, as shown byof these momentous councils a stranger, of modest yet* decided bearing, arose, and with arguments aa eloquent a* they were logical, earnestly advocated absolute seces- sion from Mexico, and a revolution, founded 00 the distinct assertion of an independent nation* ality, to be sustained on tbe batUo field, a t all hazards and at all odds. The fair browed, clear eyed stranger was Mirabeau B. Lamar, and hi* bold words were but the echo of the thought that pulsated in every free-born heart in Texas. Snortly afterwards tbe new- born republic flung her lone star banner to tbe breeze.JJer remaining history is well known to the world.Iamar never advocated a man or measure which he was not 'ready to draw his sword In defence of. and no soldier in the war with Mexico did his duty more faithful-That not only our own coin, but that of foreign alter the passage of the act of 1851 it fell ott three countries, is produced with great similitude to the remained Dearly stationary at 79 dnring the years per cent upon the capital, while capital increased original, la also beyond a doubt, ana would be asr78 71-100 in 18,>4, again rose to 83 75-100 in 1S55,fall off but one per cent In 1851, but immedutelyas profits were concerned—77' 20-100—iu 1858; aud again rose to 78 8-l0O,withm a fraction of the gene- ral average for the ten years, in 1859.It is proper here to state that the per centages above mentioned have been cast upon capital, de- posits and circulation, irrespective of the ainouut of stocks and bonds and mortgages held in this office as security for circulating notes issued upon them, this deposit forming a portion of the capital of each bank making such depositIt will be readily noticed that 1850,1851,1852, 1S53 and 1855 were the successful years of banking, looking to immediate profits instead of ultimate$4,000,000; and the absolute circulation in June, dangerous, perhaps, to tbe people at large, were It1851 and 1852, not changing quite a half a millioaof dollars, the increase being in favor of the lattervear. Thus the circulation of the legitimate bankssupplied the place of that withdrawn by the makes the public more easily deceived with coun-closing of those created for the purpose of circu- lation akne.The following Is a statement of the per centage of actual circulation upon the capital of the banks in this State, idcluding all descriptions, for the pas ten years:—1850, tbe amount of per centage of circulation upon capi-terfeit or altered bank notes than with base coin. The art of photographing would seem to be in tbe course of improvement, although no specimen of a tans note produced by that process has been seen by the Superintendent that would be liable to deceive even an ordinary judge of the genuinenessof a bank note.tal was 1861, do. Uf.2, do. 1863 do. 1SS4 do- 1865, do. 1866, do. 1867, do. 1868, do. 1859, do.The Superintendent has, under the operation oftheir certificates ot association on file in this office,22 02.100 ,..24 18.100 This statement is given to present the great change which has token place during the past tenTotalThe associations above named have on deposityears in the position of capital employed in the bu- riness of banking, and the currepc V ias led by the parties engaged iu that pursuit. The most marked feature in this statement is the discrepancy between 1850 ana 1858, and this, too, while the actual esca-New York State stock, 5 per cent Do, do. 6)£ do Do. do. S do$115,3514 Ooo ttHie were men in his own cabinet who were willui£ wo . ..$102 951 grew rich on tbe plunder of the treasury, but his inti^xi- ... $160,1 sy blc integrity defeated their plans. It was ai<K> during bisThe Superintendent repeats that no fixed andpermanent rule can be applied to each bank, nels of transportation that are continually open.whose sction must depend upon its locality, the LOBSexewe tor sudden expansion and consequent selves of tbe provisions of • the act above men-Bank of Ithaca (late incorporated),Ithaca—demands made upon it by its regular dealers, the length of time the paper It usually discounts has to mature, the steadiness of its deposit line, and the amount of its surplus profits, bull, he believes that experience teaches that whea the line of in- vestments of a bank reachts beyond, say 78 or 80 £er cent of its capital, deposits and circulation, Itcontraction of bank facilities now exists than ever before.The best evidence of sound banking is the steadi- ness ot a line of loans and discounts. It requires but little wisdom in those who examine the quarterly reports maJe to this department to learn in what institutions the customers, as well as the stock> holders, are the safesttioned.TotalBuffalo Trutt Company, Buffalo:—$67,366 03$100,000 00 100,000 00The wisdom of our general Bank law is becomingmore and more apparent each year. While it givesthe people of this State a currency unequalled inthe world, it also wisely allows an increase of capi-tal in the business of banking, at the pleasure of the most, as to another. The Superintendent does mt individual owners of it. This unlimited power of doubt but that the actual number of depositors in capital, in this peculiar pursuit, once looked upon banks at tbe present time number twenty ts one with distrust, if not terror, by the people of this ten years ago. This of necessity curtails currenot, State, finds its best and eurest check in the amount and has in fact reduced it to its present position' of profits derived from its investment, and it of periortring the same function* as the coined will increase or dimmish exactly to the point alwaysTotalei,e79,t2r4ofound in any business pursuit. If the profits arisingThe second deduction to be drawn from the pre- ceding figures is, that the business of the countryTotalBanking Department, and of tbe circulating notes issued vasstodtvidual citizen. The concentration of deposit is made in the bank to meet a check whoaesskin U63-4. La the sessiou oT 1*54-5 ta? »*s : gain chosen Speaker, being the Imm-J.^ie ^ri-Je- KUJiam Smith and Ukm n. Ike Shot ami Leather ct»s<r of Vr. Banks in trm orBoo. During 1:..• )»*t• y* It is properbusiness of banking, is shorn of its presented, it performs one ef the functions of cur- tkat universal leveller, fa> rency in forcing the bank to pay its debts to its depositors, created by such deposit, at such time as be, the depositor, pleases; and that a bank osa impelled to base all his Klace itself in a false position by extending to i far s line of loans and discounts anon its deposits, as ^ « a r t e r l y reports to well as upon its circulation. The one more dan- ISJmk ia called "not gerous from its concentration and comparative foseenrity, while the other is widely diilusod through the community and secured by a doooattBtHT aOaiWST IBS SHO« AUD LBATHXB BANEciations, and individual bankers, fe $36/>8i 270 Bank <»« Ott«ri.-Tn!« was a motion for an Injunction to cam; aign be received the nomination for Lieutenant 'Re-evarkms loans from the hank, partly upon an SXDTM. «TM17«h ot December, 1869, and upon the receipt of th* n-*s of Lis death to the Kentucky Legislature both bra: v *s adjeurced, after appropriate euiogiums had been pro- nounced aad resolution* paredr-f nop KEcaANv.V e are much grieved to record, says tho Phi ad-lphi*Cr ^' J, ktenor backs, as to their deposit HrrfTumaa \ < to Bay that the experience of 1857 and 1858 coa-Another curions result is shown as the emarfc.i'2 from the general Bank law develope them- ness of tbe country which legitimately belongs toIn cluing thte report the Superintendent mavbe permitted to ronjrratnlaie the Legislature anonthe present condition of the bsnkintr inter*.! lr A itirppoorary injunction was granUteMdl,. aMndTaT mB KobSoOuQ^^i Roman Catholic Bishop of Philadelphia. Mbe Ravaroa*Banklawbecameaixedfactinthemindsofthe«CM*que»cet ofourpresentsysitssofbanktia yet he firmly believes that that iyatom^tifoThedefendants stsry. Preltm* wasaajwrnad.we hanksin this State will find iu way to thorntofonttnn*rt untilthe !,»», ^m/1*^0? TM*Baaho-,woareinformedthrougheneoftheclergyof tho siooee<,whowasiahisoompanyatthroeo'cteca1*tonselves. It was not until 1849 that the general *£**» t-anssction. Beyond the natural and ea*y the State. While th« vikastor* of l W w e r e ^ V a made 10 ron»m»»1 •».- «- arei8Untitled DoBOW *tbusiness to our bauks thereIsdaaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130693118 100and also 114-.270 of the notes themselves, all of which have been destroyed.It is recommended again, and from further reflec-tion, that the banks oi this State, by voluntary ac-tion on their part, form an association for their ownprotection and that of the community against thecirculation of altered and counterfeit notes, now sorife in our midst, after the manuer of the New United States do. 6 do England Company. For that purpose a small con- Totaltribution from each bank, banking association andindividual banker m this State would establish asystem for the detection of this crime, which wouldbe beneficial to themselves as well as to the pub- curititsand commenced the business of banking A certain party was conspiring to reduce itordinary vigilance of our police, and no special efforts can be expected to be made by them for its detectionunlessspecial rewards are to followa successful effort for its suppression. An arrest is occasionally made of this class of offenders, and only of the most inexperienced in this peculiar profession, while the parties who control and direct the operation of producing the article almost inva- riably escape. Tbe Superintendent has no remem- brance of the detection and conviction of the party or parties actually engraving a plate for the pur- pose of altering or counterfeiting a bank note. Ihe mere met that an association was formed for the special detection and punishment of parties engaged in this nefarious business, with a detec-tive lorce in tneir employment, would exercise a wholesome influence in preventing the commission of this now most common crime.The various chsoges of location, name sad iendent Mieces that the year ending in June, •mount of capital, made under special and generalTotaL...."The individual bankers have on deposit:— Bonds and mortgages NewYorkStatenock,5percent $44,000 New York State etsck, 6}2 per cent 10,000 New York State stock, 6 per cent .. 38,000$128,000 31,380gave tbe tatter the command or the cotton supply of manuracturing Europe: and with this Tact before loretgn statesmen they dared not interfere when we instated on tbe boundaries that iAnur had maiutainel for Texas, whichaddedfirstCaliforniaandthentheUaosenIMrchaas to our Territory.Tbe last official position which Gen Lamar held waa that of United States Minister to Nicaragua aad Oust* Hica. from which he had but shortly returned when aa apoplectic fit ended his career, at Richmond, Texas, 00 thecumentThe fact that each bank, or nearly so, has a diffe- rent design for each note of the same denomination,Ihe general act for the reduction of the capitalof any banking association (chapter 277 of thelaws of 1859,) has enabled the Market Bank of Buffalo city stock, 7 per cent Troy, and the Ouieda Central Bank, to apply to theSuperintendent to re luce their respective capitals.That of the Market Bsnk of Troy was reduWdfrom $3CO,000 to $204,000, and tbe Oneida CentralBank from $173,700 to $104000. In all caseswl!crv * 'eduction of capital has been made,For incorporated banks S= ^::::::;:::::;::;::: «jggg •banker*rt ;1 or Uu*t coutpaiiits Total- * A U o f *Tbiwh hwaTe *?e e n countersigned and enter- ed upon the books or tbe Treasury TJepartmentTin?heTaw"of m% p r o v U i o n B * <*•*« IW, of The increase of securities this year is it fi7*$28,325,702 95 CIRCVl-ATI.VO KOTE3 r<¥l'ED ASD Ot'TSTAMlUVU.$f JSPrSFl i l ' »«»onntsto $P887,438. This arise* from an active demand forcurrency, snd balances due the bankins aesocfations «M individual bankers b a v e X w v e r ^ e terally drawn trom the department. A noticeable It dividual bank, rs fact is the decrease in bond* and mortgages ofThe total outstanding circulation, issued by this department to incorporated banks, banking asso-Hoartainedprosperous condition fully shows. Among 1 htlndelpzilav.w ttI 1 0 °49 49 100 the lawot la*t winter in relation to counterfeit bank of $500,000, have deposited the requisite securities ly or willingly, on the eve of the battle of San Jacinto 46 83.100 Botes and plates, received the first fruits of the bene- and commenced the business of banking, viz:— be was elected to tbe command of the cavalry, at tinsthe following securities, viz:—bO«>d policy ot hi? position.General Lamar was elected tbe first Vice President ofThe ibcreate in eecuritiee above noted, viz. $1,676,238 09 —bus been in tbe following:—N. Y. Sta'e stock. S4C6,86u 00•Le$s decrease in the following—316,61191 1,675,238 09 The following securities arc held for incorporat- ed banks and tiust companies, under special acts of•ct or March 12,1849):—New Yoik !-u»ie ctock, 5 per cent New York State stock, 6 per cent$3,750 24,6007,000$500,0(5004,000$125,380 *19ih of December last .$28,350 00From what- styled tbe "travelling candidate." At tbe end of the ses- Caab in deposit under act of April 13,1867.... 7,090 82 sion for which he was elected. Mr. Boyd retired for aCajuga county Bank, Auburn, (under act of April 12,1848):—New York State stock, 6 p«r centcounty.st-ason from public Uie. On the 20th of October, lsai be married Alice C Bennett, of his own county, a lady of slet iing sense, and noble qualities. Happy in hu new re- lation, he devoted himself to tbe cultivation of hw torn fcabine farm, and there, tike Cincinnati!*, be might have been found constantly at work around bis bomestoad.Colonel C Lyon during this time waa the medtnbent in CoLgrese, and tbe impression prevailing that be woolJ decline at the end of the term, Mr. Boyd consented to be>Bar,K of Gf neva (laie incorporated"), Geneva—Cub m c«i os-it under act of April la, 11-57.... 19,919 21the fact that he ever county hewould went into,beelected, be wasBonds and mortgages$96,000 00 6,000 00To bat king associations bankers...: >.To incorporated banks J?1*1andindividualTBI'S! OOMFAIOSS.United Stctes Trust Company, New York.— Auburn city stock, 7 per centRSC-APnTLATlOS2,000 00majority ever polled In theTbe total Lumber of bunks, banking aes<x:iaUone, in- litis TUv cohtMon ui bis |>arty was to some cxunl •~^n- dividual bankers, aud dosing and insolvent banks, is 354, fdvcd.and Mr. B.iyd was defiled.' ' On the 16.h of JaDuwy, lfciJ, he iastructei'o^ C n 33 mitt<-e on tile Judiciary to n port a bill for ihe rtpea. ofm* tbe bat km,tact, which put an md to a long <t>*c isr-oe. " ^ on the tiibje't in Congress. He was re jlect-d in 1839, 4!for their seraice* la sbtsfomf t h e t a S ^ J f ! ^ fnu. of the 0th :nst., the awfully sudden death yoeterday Miriest loans made b, wrtainlndlvMuataooaanetffwlln Mterooon of tho Right Reverend JOHN N. NETTU**, D D, www.fultonhistory.comafternc*E,compktinedtUthein hi* tile. Immediatery after ward* Le *tarted out in. cbad never Ml so strangaiy 