i.r !»legislation by'CoB-j^'angwas often asked whether the Union would be dis- solved. [" No, no ") There were two Union*—thei-'X That tin toe has come whan all who love their eenntryjnoic »•* P»"y, who are willing te givesooie mistake alxrat It, when an Congress Southern States, assercloa was made the remotest borders of theopposed alike to the extreme views of both, aad de-WAIBTCieir, TsSl^ mo. Iame>«dtliataarfB«fe)»«x|ii«Mlgiiof at-w^^w^?'^^^^^^^^'^^^^^^Vr*.-* .- OOOil^feB niBTlTDTE CBOWD'flD-ty. True, IdldnotirermttmyselftOiitfetfaatsaAamovement would attract a of voters of majority thethecountryatlarge. ButIdidbelievethatItsroald. / at least consolidate the scattered fonses of tke oldthat In their devotloa to coaserva- bad,•iMttftheExecutiveIke cons'ltntlonallty of all futuregiess, by Ihe States and by the Territories, to Be de-SlaveholderWhigParty,tism, refused to tmialgamate with their ancient ad-Hon. J. I/Sot- • tkon Harris, Hod. fleorge Briggs andsorbed andthsnthls,sappedits tlie power isCommittee.For some years past, many of us have belonged to noorjanized party, and we ar; therefore free from termined by the same aornst tribunal erected for this years, until the 2Sth of November, 1783, [Applause.] sight of that fort, McHenry, which just faces my party trammels of any sort. Let us retain this Inde- end by the Government that we love. " Ah," said the Abollllonlsu, " You gentlemen of Congressional District. [Cheers,] Now 1 am not of pendent attitude nntll the course of duty Is madeIftflM Ms* Cooper vrltk spMtaf Union,to avertcide between two evils, an Independent pesition will movement. It will require time to calm the exeUed•n Invited to join In a mass- meeting, to be held attte Cooper Institute, on the eve of the Anniversary of no man, however exalted by talents, position or fame,ger tbe stability and derange tbe fonctloof -to the Importance of embodying tbe most eoBserva-syojpathy wuh. or apology for, the agaressions;ble la Ikdrand meel-wlth our decided con--•» *> >>New-York, my fellow-citizens, Preddent J. W. Gikabs. He was elected unaai- the audience by his excellent rendering of the Slar- in the history of my nitire 'land wien le^'notgoThe speaker retired amid enthusiastic onlbursts ofauHUly. Mr. W. G. Snuiso then proposed a list of ofleeis, which was acceptable to the meeting, andBanner." The well-cultivated sonorous from one of the Confederacy to the other, extremity "Ste organization was completed as followsPaXBIDlNT JlHIB W. GsaASD.:James Brown,fieorseA.Eood,2as^ W. Beekman, Ftailo Hurd.F. CWsgner, W. W Todd.8am>ID B.bcock, >'. A, Talmadge. W. Blackitone,If 1 had not believed there was some signifi-an bis courseof their strugglequestion on which they vote.In looking for Illustrations "of this same unwise andof Its antagonist.e^psedI'nion;and as 1 cannor find in party a EUItbfal ad» any;Wm. Cbauncey,Wnlev Smith, '2ion In relation toduringpartiesdesperate struggleTIOK'FISSIIIEKIB B. A. CnshmaQ, E. E. Uorgan,Henry Grinnell, J. DeP Ogden,and spoke as follows:the impressions that had been given to me of the character of the assemblage which I would be con-SldeoBorse SXCUTASIES:yourimperialCity. [Applause.]thoughtIn itsbasks in itsBesJLoder,Ell P. Borton,B 8. Biddle.Thomas Coady,Geo. W. Wheeler, Daniel Hoffman, James A. tf oore.light,genialA. R. Peek.;with official power, for he was an humble citizen ofbad been mistaken, and mistaken their man. He thenthey,the public inind has long been tending, and the time hasely, and with ton either side, who debate the high quarrel, make every desperate thrust at their adversary a stabC. B. Hatch,W. J. Anderson, George A. Halsey.I am told thatnot to discuss the question whether there Is here to-night the manufacturer and me- ership and presumed that the patience of the countryW. H. Draper, Sooert C. Giryer.Slavery manmanlv and Christian resolution,*:wroDg-doing. tending."—:opin- forof theA.C. Eicgsland, C. K. Suttonfronted with this evening, it would be well fellow-clllzensof a Northern State; (Applause.) Andr eath and anwith hell. The Free States are the guardians and essen-amity.mlndfofvast numbers of persons of to highest andAlex. Stevens,am glad to find, as 1 learn from my friends on thesac- * There is some excuse for com- cess on either side, upon the single issue between-'»f**•^t tCi^n^-^'Ito-lrJtlcNEW-YORK,WEDNESDAY,FEBRUARY22, 1860Jtheirwarm,earnestandsteadfastsupporttothedoc- orotherwise.rAppIanse.]'Whobeganthebattle- andsecesiion. Yet,Iaskyouwhetherjouhave policywhichshallrevivefriendlysentiments,anden- tachmenttotheUnimtbstmay^~^t/•IBE TIi«ON MASS HEETING. trines of liberty, ftmlerBlgraiid equality of rights and cry for Ihe liberty of our country 1 It was tbe Pat- ever had before such reason to believe and feel the able tbe good people of both sections to unite once lips has In the slightest aided InnlTlleMS on which lae OonfederatUm was originally rick Hearts whose cry of liberty was telegraphed danger of the Union—of the Confederacy being more as brethren and fellow countrymen in the gnld- sentiment of the country. Thefunded and bntU, shoaM nnlte their names, their over hill sno mountain, and to the far river side, and separated, as It has appeared of late years among the snce of our common Government To extinguish at the time of the ssaembUng ofttaiMl^ Cianisw, votes, and their nntirlsf energies In rescuing the reechoed back by the Ollsee and Adamses of the day, mass of the Northern people. Never before has tbe sectional strife and animosity, and revive a heaUhful was such as to awaken sollcltnde, i/jiit erankaa-ilMklKvasuT •r tiM BirOi sir ooonlry from the perOs in which It Is placed Oy Ibe [spplBure.] ana was baptised in tthe blood of praseal sentiment been the sentiment of the North. national spirit, both in the North and South, ought to slon, for the safety of our tiattttjOaA'^L ttesafore, violeace, sectional sanhttion and ptrtlzan Uramre SrsTsa aad Mation at ths Sonth, with GasOT, now, 1 am not one of those who tala about secession be tbe paramount object of sU political effijrt at the seemed to me a matter of psMotic daM» ta lead mf whieiihesbeeomesoSaiceandfearfulaa(be^ea- PcTHAH andethersat the North. [Applause.] orwhodreamofdisunion. lamproudtobea presenttime. Incomparisonwiththis,theordinary nameandcounseltotheeffortofaroaiiagthenatiaaiyOL.,Dt—NO.2828—WITHASUPPLEMENT.'M oarThe nighty man of our forefattsra needed noL toNoittan man, [applause,] but 1 came from a North-tonics of party contention, the spoils of power and the=v n3. That we are willing, as good cttlsesi to MMe by for bim to dn his work. [Applause] Who was be, States osly I believe when the stars begin to drop significant For the attainment of tbe great end In :and uphold as the law of (he land the cbasMeHpn of this ;r«at WAsBtasToa? [Applana.] A Southern from the galaxy of heaven. Why, friends, that grand view, we should all be ready to make generous sacri- tteConstltatlonpronoaaeedbyOieSupreme'Ctartof man—aholderofslaves. [Applfcase] Whenour naticnslsnlfaemthatstirredyourheartsattbebe- firesandreaionsbleconcessions,inaspiritoftrue: the United States, and that>-a are wHlU^tO leave forefathers went to the battle did they say "Mr glLning of your evening exercise—that Invocation and devotion to the Union and the Constitution.iI1Govrmment.a>k Ihe son 'o stand still—Ihe day was long enonghera sovereignly that will goout of the Union of theseschemes of personal ambition, appear paltry and in-itive men of allpartiesla a cooSiififtftnal UnlOD Par-Spangledvoice of the artist reverberated through the hall, and and say, everywhere. North and South, Myinstances, determiningtheir votes evidently with more concern about being In the domain of the other, while ttie RepublicanXB. JAUIS W. GIRARD,Hr. Gibasd said he wished be had the wand of a necromancer that he could transport to this building his friends at the South, and show them that Northern men were not recreant to tbe obligations of the Con-:SFESCB OFfor some Southern representative to come before some of hisB£Sry Snyder,]>asi«l Brew,O. A. Davis,fifaepheid Knapp, Samrel Hail, Hiram Ketchum. stitution. [Applause.] As chairman of this meeting, tive audience of the City of New-Y'ork. [Applause.] approval of his course in securing the organization John P. Dodge, Jas. Kemochan. John Lloyd,of We are the jaUors and cossta- supports Slavery.;1>. H. Fearing, &.D. H. Billespie. Samael Peck.and the who has addressed e'oquent gentlemanoratoryhis object was to6. Henrr Keop, K.S.Vaa Winkle, Edward Xjambert, Bnsselt Storg,i-s_, ZoDhflr Mills, Na'.hanielHay'Jfin, BoM. B. Milliken, John T. Borre, John Steward, Jr.,;Republican Patty, Slavery Is that baleful sioned to pluck down.deliberations, and would, therefore, state his plat- form. He came not as a political partisan, [A Votes—"Good,''] for he belonged to no partybrought8WeBuBbVje1cDt raoa the bight. We, their children, at theendofhalfacentury,seethepathofdutym.irethis his native City;not as a Pro-Slavery or Anil-liis honest yet humble occupation;entered upon a history of the struggle for the Speak-come for locking at itiully, dispassi'ona;gaaized,everyWardwillberepresemedbydelegateschosen chiefandsomethroughdeviltry[laughter]—todeclare sociationsofagloriousnationalpast,youhavebya safe. [Laughter.]Hehopedhisrivalforthenomi- firoB regular Clubs. that the inslltiiUon oi^SlaveiT that had been entailed fortunate coincidence, present to your vision one of nation to the ofi^ce he held, who was present, wouldpatient,the ConslHution and the into their ownA CluD was formed on Tuesday evening last, under upcpu the couiitrv by British ancestors, should be those great names that link the achievements of tbe excuse his action In preventing the election of a sec-Hen's ^National Union Club of the City of New- York." he or she who proclaimed himself or herself an Abo- plause, and a voice—" Thrse cheers for Gen. S«»tt."1 said, you will hear no more from me to-uight, I have The meeting for organization was attended by many litioLiat had to skulk and hide from the indignation And, while tlie associations of the anniversary of the succeeded to ray own satisfaction, and have your ap-all to the and there, Independant of all ipastof the most enterprising aad influential young men of of the people,polls, afilllations andger Is scarcely felt except where latxir t»ket theapromiseofbeinganefficient arm Sversanceofourcause.iflthe fur-tne country, you can see before you the commandingin the country is engaged In sapping and mining under the labor and social system of these States, and, of course. In sapping and imderpurpose, to discharge from their service all disturbers ttan any which Constltulion or Country can impose of the public peace. I have a confidence that appeals —a moral and religious duly to commit perjury andin the movement.The public are already aware that other Statescries of But there were politicians who wanted to ride the with a wiU. and the General arose and bowed " A speech from Gen. Scoii"—" Give us a word fromtreason. i.-'[applause,]and fled from It, and from the Indignation of the Ihcypartysuggestions,formof seivltude. There It is keenly felt It Is thuspeople. Hewouldtellthemwhy[applause]—held up the flag of the nation In the second war of Its ashlevedparty— Abolitionists make progressit happened that the the politicians get holdothers who were expected, but who were not present, Independence, and that from Vera Cruz, up the long were unavoidably detained. He would therefore in-[Applause.l Esqrtbly succeed, because we have no general platform brethien at the South with pistols and with pikes by Don't you Leiitve it wmild be better f.ir every man was. "Is this meeting a failure?" Cries of "No,••of principles. This is not a proper occasion for us to the bundled to be placed in the hands of the slave to North of Mason and Dixon's line—better for every no." The !.erond was— Will you remember what •' "" the "Conneci'.cnt, added, // i::>r.'miientAouMMti-of the Coostltutton a ;the tiiumph•itterIntoanargument,butwewouldsavtothose beusedagainsttheirmasters—thosemenwhomthe singleState—betterforourwholecountry,bet- youheard?"Withcriesof"Wewill,"wewill,/uMir.ro /on^, altrrfition*: m*tv be made in tlie Consti-that our platform Is suSclent for our pur- law in its majesty had condemned for treason— had ter for us and for me innaoiiaut; pf ttS Tiuicu monti- ine audience repara'ed.poses. Our desire and aim Is to rid the country of the been, on this platform, called saints and martyrs, and tain-tops of New-Hampshire to-day If there should During the evening It was announced that letters vexing and dangerous agitation of the question of spoken of as woilty of a place by the side of Wash- he found a handful of respectable Northern men who had been received from Hon. John J. Crittenden, Slavery. This is the leading obtect of our mission, iHGiov. [Hisses.] Ills blood boiled to hear it, but he could, with their hands upon their hearts, say "Amen" Hon. Edward Everett, Hon. John A. Gilmer, Hon.period elapsed, and Ite country has increased both In jiopu-latlon and in In moral and material territory,Bid would seem to leave to the weaker half of theto on but ttie forbearance and States little dependgentlemenaad we mean to contand with an to un- eye single It,growth,to an extent that, It might be supposed, would have generositypeace is restored, andand confidence re-Stokes, of Tennesseeproblem'Wefeel that our cause is ajust one, andassuch,but he would give two dollarsforeveryone thataayour Northern brethrenIsaylatforraof one country,peluity the destiny ofI bave had the honor to receive, to- fcprestnt Ihe clvlUzatlonharmony people.In the«e adopted this evening.til,instated in the breasts of theaccomplished we will have time enoagh to build up tic asylum. [Applause.] a platform, if we think best, based on other and lessimportant Issues,totlie north should speak out in just such language as Frank Granger, of which we publish the followingWhen this isthe effort came, the justice of a hangman or the luna-youit Isrightthat D. D. Hon. James O. Putnam, and Hon. Barnard,r^i* to bring it on to Natioaal ground, and to a eoiper-due tofriend to free discussion—but, let them know, whenmen of the North, It such resolutions asHorace Hon. Joshua H. Hill, Hon. Wm. B. Maynard,removed those doubts. earlyof our national existence, a! Hiepaidrespectyou, justI tellthese resolutions hold forth this evening. It is time tbe South should underrstand that the true position ofHon. Washhigtoa Hunt, Hon.But theend of three-quarters of a century. Is stillSU which be made available ukI sae- onpositicn mightthepubUc i;,.„ussion—he was ato those lesolnUons?I tellWho were the friends of the slave ?—the Abolition-itsists. He had not much money to[No, no.] spare,raoH noK. johic j. ckittixdek. Washctotos, Feb. fS, 1880.Involving m'" renown and its future hopes, that nPeo"w^more niMlions of meiitive men Uiroughout the country, who think thegood imperatively demands the overthrow oCOMerving of the support of just men, a.-id we confi- Abolitionist would make affidavit that he had paid one one, desilny. [Cheers.] And if it:if not ap-OMtly trust that all such will rise above party pre- for the purpose of securing a slave his freedomoilaenoBs, and aid us In our efforts to strike down the where the Abolitionist;"be, as 1 believe It is, tha'. the eloquent and Union- day, your letter of the 2d Inst., invitlngme pres-and palling, to behold.pa'nful, I'oliilcal partiestJonedangerous parly In Its place. Let thea moreRepabUcanarm that threatens the of We would not askof the and State of New-York." on the Cityeve ofwayshad. They are incidentOo;- ofcome on to a broad of constitutionalarise, togave perpetuity our Institutions. give two. [Applause.] He had seen you to remember the mother away from the ofEce of the Abolitionistlovingpreceded me the sentiment"to our form of hilberio, have been an eleinent Itsa slave turn to the door of who bore and nourished you to obtainEmplre'State,of thS" WjSfliaoTOR's Birthday. 21st of February."partyofwhy, I ask you,South had any reasonyou thai you should money buy family's we have not heard morefor while sanity re- the conservative merchant of New- York,doubt whatever you principles. entertain any in a c.mmcn sympath>^ for the accomplUh-one dollar, he wouldand speech of the gentleman who patrioticIs of thiseat and address a Mass Meeting of the Union Party:He said ofIn we see Congress[cheen,]uproarious81-tICB or BOR. GEOSGK BBIGGS.Slavery;yon must set your slaves free !" address to the flag of your country, was composed onman-of-war, by a Maryland prisoner.4.TBattbe Constltntkm was adopted and the UtnTin tbe South fear us too much. Let us talk, we are that class of Southern politicians who talk about se- clear, and be prepared for the unshackled exercise of4x(d fact in most of the States ttans united that the taunts and :Coostinitlon was framed with such provisions as to seeora to each one of these States, In the Union, the ezoleslve right to manage Its own domestic ioatltn-;angryInow my State will stay In the Union, whatever Northern man you elect under the forms of the Con- —siWlhtuabtonaSbEodutbySitwheAifrnee?]voWtelolf,thIeajmpehopelree. to[tAalVkoinostallegianceparty, and that our zeal and loyalty" belong to our country.HoBS In Its own wayand all attempts to interfere with such rights by armad invasion, by expressions of(Laughter ]No, they stood together for seven long aBritishInby Mr. James W. fiorard,Mr. Theodore E. TomllLKin.jrational SoBgs from Br. Cbarlea Gnilaette—BesAlatieas, &c.wM * TOT lugB lai entlkdriasUc gatkerins country against the other, or to disturb the harmony insurrection ? It was the man who staid t>ehlnd and danger. of have the of Ihe great family of Rates by Intestine warfare, are the wires for these Insnnections that be would The speaker conUnned. 'What was the sourcewe i^fsslon and disunion. 1 am not of that class that our political responsibilities, In such manneroooatry, one GoTemment, one people—when the In- dont don't mean any harm by It." [L«ughler.] They make speeches upon the floor of Congress, and seem best calculated to Etrengffitrt-Kujr national In- Americans, would find the UntOB. 'aavremeat more etitntlon of dOBeallc Slavery was in existence as a would find the twopenny papers of the day spreading threaten to go out of the confederacy If a Northern stitutions, and save the R'epubhc from Setfimeut In consonant with their feelings tluw anitber azistiBCStitis confederated into one great Republic—one only la sport. [Laughter.] Let us talk treasonas shall;f" Had any of them lived on a olantatjon, or could tney Imsalne the situation of the femalea,,jthere, Ustentng for the crnck of tl>e pistol, placed In the hands of theparty Ues,tM'UniOD-lovIngandSouth, and then they asked ' Why are youassociation. It was wp might be able t»ridicule,spittingto noand unolvlded affectionsmy Jadgment that,oaiselvse eeatn—aL—ior -black by the fanatics of the North ?What was theof men, but to discuss principles, and the business ofparties of the r^untry, aa an elandtaall of 'flw Inititiite lut ereatas, In eoniUet the as are treasona- gulledas ss Hsman's sallows. It the troubles? The politicians. What did the people fatal mischief from the country. If compelled to de- the voters of any one SUte In favor of thU oewUalOBhigh [Applause.]of the North care about the question of Slavery Inte napeuB to tJM foUowlns <nU"All who are Is faror of npholding the Union, the i. That Ihe agitation of Ihe question of Slavery, parchment Union and the bond of sympathy. He to tbe Territories. It had no Interest to anybody but part, 1 am not in favor of any plans or movements, sionate consideration of tbe motives that brxKight Into;CoBitltntloa and tlie Lawi of the coostiy, of secor-hV Am Bights of the MTaial States inTtolate, resist-Ill all atteapta to Interien with their respective ia-'fflkets,usto chosetheleast Formyown popularmindInthewasclosedastbe politicians. There was equal danger to the which, in a trying crisis for the country, would waste existence a party, suiBciently national and amdlla- country fIrfommuthuealulftorrablesamrsanofcebhoatdh bseectnioenxse.rciis.e*dp,- sctarteinogntshtihnatuntahveaiplriensgeneftfosrtast.e oTfhethrepaurbelimcamniyndindei- ctornyv,etnoienmcberawcoeuladU pterrumeimt.enI sIhnoualld sbeections. Itfombyeplanse.] happythey would never have heard of Jonw Bbowh swing- mands a surrender of extreme views on all sides. It present with yon on the Intereattng occasion mat callsmy power toWe should not Interfere with them, and would never this country. Could any one believe that such a coun- patriotic shall result in CltV) and your greater State, may be avrakesedmake war them first. This be called try to be destroyed? [No, no.] Y'et. on the placing our Government, once more, on that middle to a just sppreciatlon of the merits of aad against might ought jMir cause," a meeting of merchants who had goods to sell." anniversary of the birthday of Washxhotos, five sove- course of wisdom, justice, and enlightened partiality that you may receive thousands of cMterts from the ttiB bbth of WisHntsTos, Tuesday, Feb. 21, 18fiO, whose past or present sentiments weaken our confi- That was an impudent remark from people who had reign States were obliged to hold Conventions for which is the only path of safety for nations or Indi- ranks of those less ctmservative than ynuselves.deamatloa.outsido of the States where It has been established,bis Stats, or any other ? The questioncertainly permitSoulh,soastopermitadispas-has hitherto been productive of no good to the slave;had no fear of the breaking of the parchmeat Union. The Union would not be olssolvcoh.anWdhoaft did they come here for ? To give the right fellowship to their Southern brethren, sndtellihemthatthe Norththat the peace and friendship that formerly prevailed between the North and the south have been seriouslystood to justice more than to Atjolltlonlsts.We should ing from a Virginia gibbet, or of dangerous men is recognized as a fact, that the condltlcm oi our you together, and to afford all the add iflaUtntlons aad poUey, oppoael to all sectional psrties,aad in faror of eleratlng men to office who will ad- sult ; and that every consideration of wisdom, policy, be kind to the South. If their peculiar institution was pteachlng treason from the Noith. [Applause.] national afialrs requires the exercise of forbearance ihe advancement of your patriotie psposes. 1 trust mlBlster the GoTemmest in the spirit of its foonders, justice, expediency and duty, demand that this agita- en evil, tbey would redress It in their own time There was no parallel in history to tbe progress of tahned jcuosntsemrovdaetriavteioann.d I hope to saese such a union ol most sinceorfely, thsatitll the public m^d.of yoor greetthat much evil has thus far t>een the re-disturbedtion thould cease.6. That we wUl support for the office of President;depce in Mm as a firm, Incorruptible, and inalienable no property to sell aad could not buy, and who, If the purpose of advancing the platform offriend of the whole Union. tbey hired bouses, probably didn't pay the rents. the "Constitution, the Union, and the enforce- Before the hour of meeting, bonfires were lighted 7. That on this eve of our WisniaOTOH's birthday, [Laughter.] The editors wanted to manage every- ment of the laws." And In the discussion tBftrentoftheboUdtDg,andtherewasadisplayof wesendourcordialgreetingstothefriendsofunion thingthemselves,"andanybodywho*t'riedtostopdis- ofthematterlettbemleavethequestionofSlaveryand peace, wherever they dwell, throughout the sension was onJy king cotton," or dry goods," or out, for each State was capable of managing Its Inter- in the history of parties." "ITiis Is apparent from willing obedience to the lawa."•rUeh will be addressed by eminent speakers."viduals.PEOM nOS. J0H5 A. QILMBR, OP N. C-In conclusion, I beg to be allowed t^ expraaslosof"this sentimentTbe American Union, wlthottt expansioa or con-jockets,Romancandlesandotherfireworks. Inside, lengthandbreadthofthelandweliveIn—thesunny "thegrocer."or"thehardwareman;"sothatthe nalaffairsaccordingtoItsownjudgmentandplea- everyliiingweseearoundus,inandoutofCongress. Oe building was decorated with flags and patriotic climes of the South, the hills and vales of the East, white-handed men wanted to have ait to do with poll- sure. [Applause ] It had given him great pleasure E\eiy patriotic observer of occurrences and events the ocean prairies of the West—pledging them that tics. The merchants hadaduty to perform, and un- to address this audience, which, he was confident, must feel anxious and concerned at the rapid and suc-TBOItHOK.W.B.8TOEXS,OTTSnilSBIC'WastnaoTOH, D. C, Feb. IS, 18M. Gsbtlzuis—Allow me to say to yon that if I can- iMcrlptions. Thepeoplegatheredearly,notwith- thetruemenoftheNorthwillstandshoulderto tiltheytookpartinpublicaffairsNew-Yorkwould wasnoephemeraldemonstration. Heexpectedto cessfulprogresswhichthedemonspiritofdislikeand notbepresentinperson,myheartIsthere. Iamlindlng the almost Impassable condition of the shoulder and heart to heart with them In the great not be disenthralled. [Applause.] In conclusion, he see the evidences of Its potentiality elsewhere. Our hatred has, within the last few years, made between with you to the end, and go on with the good-begnnstruggle on which this people is about to enter;and expressed a fervent wish that the American flag City was in the great centre from whence mighty in- the people of the Free and Slave States. For the work, and agree to never surrender mltll Isitreeta, and were in Oie best of humor before the pro- all associations and subordinate should never be disgraced by being raised in a con- regardless of pastcacdiigs wen commenced. At 7!j o'clock. Gen. questions of merely temporary Interest, we will strive test between brother and brother. [Applause.]fluences Inadlate, not only over this country, but success of the of patriotic objectsit is victory obtained, and the two great secttanal partiestogetherto maiie the principles of •' Usioa," and laealTed with a round of tremendous cheers. The forever.n Dr. GuilniTTi then advanced to the rostrum andwould be subserv-"aecordance with the arrangement, Dominated for servedly popular lyrical declaimer, who electrified "Hail Columbia" as sooa as the General had taken Us seat, and then the Presi- dent of the meeting, the officers and speakers entered aad took their seat', and Mr. C. W. J. T, Mooai, in*iMDd In attendance playedus to observe, cultivate and cherish. We know that there exists, to an alarming extent, sectional feeling and prejudice, seriously threatening the peace and quiet of the freest happiest aad most* The of questionThe resolutions were received with marked favor by the audience. When the cheers wiiich followed the reading had subsided, the President Introduced Dr. Cbiklis A. Guilhitti, the distinguished and de-the audience joined heartily In tbe chorus. SPEECH or BON. J. MOEBISON HABBI6.Mr. J. MoaaisoR Haxbis, a member of Congress from Maryland, was introduced amid much applause.nationalize this great State of New-Y'ork. [Applause.]And it would be like oil the sea of poured u]X)ntal with all true Americans, so affectionately andAlbavt, Feb. 20, ISO*.come to Slavery as4! ab-"your meeting,throughout the world. Should they carry your useless to inquire how and by whom we have been destreyed. I regret exceedingly that I cannuotterbleyin thisWonmLS SooR appeared npon the platform, and was DziiTT TO THE C0H8TITCT10N," triumphant, now and sung "The Keo, While and Blue," with tremendous ing the cause of nationality. Let them vote that fraternal affection, which the Father of his Coun-Men»na I irnst that that time will never come the most and1stand,you, that I stand nowmake any pretensions to—tialbles otine institution.face to face with ahe came to take the responsibility of presiding over Its I am told that the exigency of the occasion has of the House. During that struggle he had carrieaunder athe cause of the oppressed in other States, and by fores sion guides and controls on both sides. With tJie1figure that a Lundy's Lane—representa-munities, when,(renerous impulse, theyespouseIthem,out to-night all classes of that swarming out a conservative course, which he had long before multitude that sweeps through the great arteries of marked out for himself. If his constituents hadTION,not clothed to night, in this assembly. Is the artisan whose hand sectional candidate tor Speaker of tbe House, they clearly thanSlavery is or Is not an Institution opposed by God or chanic, whose ears have lost now the noise of must have been very nearly exhausted beforeman not to wage a war of races ; net to discuss the the clanging machinery which has been ringing the torgsnizatlon tooic place. He had stool there;— hundrad and sixteen men he He came here upon the grand question of necessity proud preeminence in this Confederacy the the most stubborn oneTork desire to congratulate the friends of the Union upon the platform of the Constitution, and that was enterprise, and whose commanding capital have hundred and sixteen, for eight weeks determinedly Movement on the success that has thus far attended law high enough for him. vexed with the keels of your celebrated ships refusing to come over to him [laughter.] During all their efforts and those of their colaborers towards a A Voice—And high enough for anybody. the waters of every ocean, and have brought to your that time be was kept well posted as to the opinionsgiuiaA. A. Valentine.The following report of the Executive Committee question whether slaves, who were pagan In Africa, in them for the last twelve hoursw»was then read, by Hr. A. Z. HuoainsKIPOSI or THX IXXCTTTiyi COUMITTII.had better be transported to this land of Christianitynot to discuss any of the isms of the day. CApplause.] merchants who have given to your City her and sixteen who |,differed with him, and they wereTo this conviction the Free States WILLIAM Elle&t Cu.sjimno.;I am told that here has been roughened all day with the implements ofhe was going to Washington to vote for ainfloance, and couata it and mutt walk in it. To this point the sun and centre of its system. The championsam told alone tn his position, but stlB anxious for an that there are here to-night those princely organization. There were, however, one hundredwe arethese States enemies. It arrays them against each;Icountry, without it,and hostileThe Kational Union Executive Commltlee of New- and expediency. [.Applause.] He placed himself men whose enlarged experience, whose great had ever seen. They stood there, those stubborn one "Gso. P. KtLiotT a candidate for the Congressional Union, such as the Constitution established. It Is aInterests and securities of socie^, where Slavery ' As to general politics I need say but little. A>iul- constitutionally exists, makes war oa the Constlta- TUa Committee was appointed by a meeting of preached fire at the South and those who preached have later represented, enterprise represented, wealth every mall, and his friends were not satisfied lifier, a LIufTton Bov, a Secessionist and a bisunionist. tlon and the Union. This Is what the Republicanl organizatioa. He stood as a middle man between those who bosom the trafi'c of all sections of the globe. You of his eonstiloents. He received many letters byddzens, held at Clinton Uall, in this City, on the Mth seiUtion at the North. fApplause.) WTiy had they represented, and they tell me that on this platform with even 'tat, for in addition he was struck by light- 1 have rrofesseo and adhered to the strictest creed of Party is doing and has been doing all the while.day of January last, and in the shoit time that has come here to- night ?StateBights. InastrictconitrnctionoftheConstitu- Why this crowd of the bone and and in this audience ihere are men who for well nigh ning every few niinutes during the entire struggle. of theEvery representative man in it every ieadiag orator,since uiat day, have advanced so far towards muscle, and the mercantile Interests of the City! twenty years have never attended a public meeting But there, during those long eight weeks, those lioc. 1 believe, is to be foaod the only safetyand everv leading newspaper of the party, civss him> a thorough organization as to place the success of the They came to break off the shackles of party, and to in this City.? And I ask myself wny is it that t have stuborn one hundred and sixteen refused to come over herence to that Const itdiion, I c»n neither see, or pro- self to this work. TUa Utler snrl.^ernsl war oa movement in the State beyond question. stand prepared to do justice to their country, and rome here to-night ? and that is the quesUou which to him, until, one day, greatly to his surprise, the one fess to see. any safety in the Colon. To a Southern Con- Slavery, on slaveholders and tlie SlavtuoUlng BtaHs, They prepared a plan fur the formation of Clubs, their wliole country. [Applause.] Whence had na- very bilefiy I shall discuss in vour hearing. But-not hundred and sixteen caved, and he had the pleasure ftderalion, therefue. I lock as our only refuge from is what that patty exist! for. It avaltt ttseifofthe itaaed simply upon " The Union, the Constitution, tive and adopted citizens come here to swear upon only have you brought out all the interest of your City of seeing the man he had n:imed on the Cth of destruction. "Whether that Conf-idcration will oome, religious and fanatical hatred to Slsv^.soprevaleatandtbeEnforcementoftheLaws,"andonthisplan thealtaroftheircountryallegiancetotheConstitu- toaircussthegreatquestionthathasconvokedyou. January elected Speaker of the House. In soonerorlater,Icannotsa,v,—lutcomeitmust; and1 Inonesectionofthecountry,andlaakesthattbeone Clubs are being rapidly farmed in all parts of the tion ? He would tell them. Hart they a foreign foe but ycu bave gathered your assembly un'ier circum- a speech on that Hay he had named Got. will cordially suprort any jMiliry and party that will element and basis of Its organization aad be- country. knocking at their door ? No, we are at peace with all stances the most auspicious [wssible for the considera- PI^Sl^a^ow, of New-Jersey, and Mr. Coawis, of —make thftt the eru—itni'«/A/fraiitkhr pr.rtjj snoitfuf^l or slow ignrga.ndIt does not draw a vital breathy and never did,InthisCity,Clubsarealreadyorganizedandac- theworld.ThereIsanenemywithin,andItwastionofthegreatquestionofyourmeeting.YouOhio,asmenforwhomhecouldvote,knowing provideditwill good movefortheSouth,andoutsideofthisatmosphereofAnti-SlaveryandAim- with the South.'"tively at wof k in about half the Wards. In all tbe thus that they had come to sit in judgment. The have met upon the present anniversary of tbe birth them to be sound, conservative, Unlon-lovlng men. We are certainly in trouble. The Constitution and lillOB.others, measures have been talien to effect Immediate history of the Abolition principle was very of that great type of American nationality, of Ameri- Yesorganization, and we doubt not, that by tlie Ist of short. Fifteen or twenty years age a few misguided can purity, of American patriotism aad American those ore himdred and sixteen, of potting into tbe and fatal sectional fever. Un- country. In nearly one-half of the States of the March, when a City Central Committee will be or- m->n, and womin also, [laughter.] look it into their valor—GroRoa WtsHniuioir-[Applause]-and not chair a good conservatlvo man. But, nevertheless, with a roost malignant own Union, Slavery underlies the whole social and politi-to consist of three from each Ward, htads— ?ome tiirough enthusiasm, some through mis- satisfied with calling to your aid the grand as- mv friends, you may be assured that the Union Is delegatesless the great bodv of tlie people shall take their cal organizationand when the Slave element is Unionw,n the agitatedanddisturbedintheseStales,thewhole hands, and at once administer their remedy, social fabric trembles and rocks as with an earth- consequcnres will be most ruinous to the prospectsof quske. In every society, If labor in Its organic mass, file auspices of this Committee, called Ihe " Voung burst a«onder. He remembered well the day when present with the heroism of the past. [Terrific ap- ticnal man to the Speaker's chair. In conclusion, he every ti ue lover jof his country. The people have whether bond or free, upheaves from its foundation, only to be arousert to their true (Iang»r, to be Induced everything above it-all proi>erty, all capital, so- to work In the true direction. They have only to go ciety itself, and civilization, must topple, "rhis dan-wWn they held their meet- Father of his Country call up in mental re- proval.the City, and an ardor was manifested truly gratify- ings la lanes ana alleys, and when they were hunted trospection those glorious battle-fields wet with Mr. BaiGGi was often interrupted by cheers and ing to those interested in tiie movement. This Club out of their dens, and the tar pot prepared for them, the commingling blood of patriots from all sections of laughter, and when he had retired there were loudThe Committee take pleasure In stating that theykave received numerous cheering communications of them [applause ]&Dm various parts of the State, informing ihem of the When the great contest between the Whig and. line of Mexican conquests, planted it triumphantly as troduce 'Tbeosobi £. ToHLiNEOX, Esq., who would arise in masses, and indicate a settled, unndstakabie great moral and religious duty, under a law higherformation of Clubs and assuring them of a general Democratic parties was ended, there was nothing the last grand achievement of the national arms upon address them.disposition among the people to unite heart and hand more to talk about, and the two lay down together the ramparts of the City of Mexico. [Applause. A While Mr. Tomjseoir was divesting himself of hislike the lion and the lamb. [Applauseand laughter.] Voice, " "Three cheers for Gen, Scorr," which were overcoat, there arose a shoot for Gen. Scott—to come up to the work of the country's peace andquiet can be made successfulJy to all, except phren- Suchin New-York. F rom New-Jersey we are in had cteated. The old Wtilg Parly, split In two, sult, of his great name and great memory to be left to The President called ution the meeting to main- honest They have oniy to they;mere representative man of the party, any notortous sectional agitator, for its candidate. If it does this, it ought to be. and I believe will be, defeated.adoptedtlie receipt of the inoet cheering infonuatlon. In went gallivanting after strange gods. [Laughter.] his children. And 1 am glad to find that the mention of tain order, and allow the programme to be carried ger, and every true and patrioticevery part of the Slate the UiUon men are preparing Then both parties went bidding at auction for the the name of that man who Is upon the stand to-night out, which they agreed to do, and Mr. ToauasoB pro- once prepare his banner, on it inscribed, "The Con-for the contest. Pennsylvania, too, is coming boldly liish vote, and the German vote, and then the small calls up such an earnest response irom my American ceeded. stitution, the Union and the Enforcement of theinto the movement. She will stand for the Union abolitionist vote got the highest bid—the very prin- fellow-cltltens. [Applause.] However much we He had reluctantly agreed to speak at the meeting. Laws." When these shall appear at all places of under the rule of the Democratlo Party. That party gainst all enemies either from the North or the ciples that the whole country had trampled upon. [Ap- cherish the names and memories of our great men. It was only when he was informed that some of the public resort, as they should speedily, then will be Is inter sely sectional, and at times well nif^h treason- Soulii. Hary land is also putting on her Union armor, plause.] Y'et they had not gained much, for In this how little is our appreciation of what they have done dlsUnguisncd men who had been announced would prescribed the proper warnings for all seciional agita- able, under the pressure of the Anti-Slavery crusadeand we have reason to expect much from her. Yir- country of 20,000,000 of people, the,re were but 20,00« for us worth, if It do not realize In us something more not be present, that he had contented. He did not tors.against the South ; but it Is not wtthout nattonal characteristics and national prestige. It has claims to nationality from the breadth of territory over whlohgbiiawlll speak for heicelf to-morrow. Wissna- abolitlordst voles—only 20,000 In this broad land from than a response to the recital of their actions. And appear there as a party man ; but he believed innp's bUthday will testify to the love of the Mother of Florida to Maine, from the Atlantic to the Pacific. the practical question of the discussion to-night Is covenants, and standing by them. He believed InPnttden^ for the Union, and her fdelity to the Con- They who were present did their duty vrithout pro- not why you are here, but why It Is that when we acting up to those entered Into by himself, and alsofltntlon. North Carolina, Kentucky and Teimessee claiming it on the highways and byways ; but the talk of Geoeoi Wasbisotoic and Wispiilb Scorrthelr those entered Into by his fathers. If they had coven-will also hold Union State Conventions to-morrow. Abolitionists look a speaking-trumpet, and went upon names call out these reverberating shouts of ap- anted to (lellver up ihe bondsman to his master, he an American patriot. The misfortune Is that there manner In which It Initiated Slavery agitatloa, aadBhode Island, Ohio, Mississippi, Georgia, and other the house-tops to proclaim their patriotism. Twenty plause. (Great cheering] Why Is It, my fellow- would do it He would make a jjersonal sacrifice to States, are already in a forward state of orgaiuratioa. years ago, the man who dared talk treason, or to citizens ? It is because you associate those two names secure the freedom of the slave, rather than violate and, from information received, we trust and believe whisper to the winds the poisibllity of the dissolu- and those two men with semetbing elevated high as the his covenants. He depiecsted the higher law doc- that by the time of the meeting of the National tion of the Unioa, would have been stricken down as heavens above the miserable fanaticism and misera- trine, and, in conclusion, expressed a desire to vote Vnlon Convention there nil! be a working Union or-should be at tbls day a necessity for urging them up- toie open the clcati iced wounds cf the coimtrv, after on the popular at'.entlon. From the first there have the successful mediation and settlement of 18S0. Its not been wanting those by whom the Federal Union insane efforts to carry Slavery by an armed Invssioa was regarded with distrust Even In the Convention into regions from which God and nttore shut It out, which framed tbe Constitution, were men who had and to fore* it down the throats of a people whose little faith In the durability of their work. Mr. Mad- gorge rises at the very name, make It sofBeleDtly odi-ganization in nearly every State in the Union.As an evidence of the general cympathy for this Bwvement, we may be allowed, to mention the fact that the address published about two weeks since byrecreant to the cause of Liberty tlirougkout the world, ble driveling, and miserable puerility, that to-day in for Gen. Scoti (who had retired from the meeting) and as a traitor to his country. [Applause.] But the politics of your country threatens to undermine for the Presidency.ous to honest men. It Is a party which has shownttis Conomittee has been cooled extensively In all sttod, ill thisparts of the country, and Its principles and recommen- flaHV?«ff commendea to the favorable consideration offta people.We are assured ky politicians that we cannot pos-came and created another sensation forward,GoBn.\u,I the country, In my honest judgment repeat,now, emboldened by the kindness of the poli-government, for tbe glory ofA vote was then taken on the resolutions, and they" The future increase ofticiaijs, treason stalks pulpit, and from Uieforth, preached from the platform on which heyourwereThere were then loud calls for Dr. G1305 said, I'nion should bepopulation, i/f*? will render the number ofitself utterly In the highest affairs of unprincipleddedicated to science, and whose front»was dedicated to- the Union lu letters of stone—from this platform he h»d heard treason preached in this his blessed country, [*p- plause,} and the very men who had invaded theiroitvmple,thereforinDo not you believe thatthe stability ofwhich they both fonght and maintained.W hy isit are here ? Do not[ Applause.[adopted unanimously.whopermanent, Representatives ex"c-essive."tomains you will not forget her. Nor would we remind to his freedom. [.Applause.] of the true sentiment of our Northern brethren ? tion, but my duties will detain me here, and oblige ?o.mt'}ymen and honnt par.y parlies do not need them. A party may suSiclenUySSifd warn vn':^'"' ^irE'^t-""^8"tury.sense on the country, [laughter,] Virginia, Ken- cause it Is quiescent, because it has trifled with thissoin a large portion of the North; we havesupporters this Inscribe thesupportersof JsFKEBsnir. Let partyFaUiers of theRepublicand.Iof those who believe that there Is or ever canbe siich•*"g;5«?*S'AE1V?EvRlBS1ET1T.° EDWARDSLiS^/n.Ji.'iJi''^nlmosl wished we had a foreign enemy position. [Applause.] But I have said youaS^>'"" '"""«arms. But weBefore that miserable class their non- not because the Northern mind is unmoved, but be- opened1 remain, most yours. A-c. respcctfullv,policy, organized,we have no longer. Weions of its cauQldale for the Presidency. platform was needed for the of Washisotoh, or forUUcsd aflatrs are such as to summon intoUse energies of every patriotic cUiien, and to excitethe reasonable anxieties of our best and vilsest men aad,WAereM, The preservation of our system of gov-like Johf Baowtr meets a gallows In Virginia the fitting termination ofis disseminat-and received too in the South that he has ed largelyIn this quarter, toof their constitutional and then rights,emireot with Its is neither priceless privileges,;they acceptConMltutlon, ard to the spirit and principles of tUeknow that Is no such I am hotinsufferance. There are thosecoaatxy waits for such aname. Let such in our:and feliow-clUzen,rSOM XX-OOTIRNORenimeDt of the United States whieh may not be more »«iy, safely and happily cured by the remedies pro- 2^r~. i''*'^°D»'''utIon than by agitations, allena-T?., =°'^>«ons: therefore,jhb .hS? Jt'' ''?!* ."'"i gratitude the return of the;">e children of him of **ft*'?*i?'22a*t.i'^K'^ "North and the South States who talk la our own as wefl as the other Slates of the Union,Di, prohihUe sninas^'SSg^SS"£B^igft:Whichever suc- are a device of demagogues. Honestcherish the country to which He would run away from an AbolltioiUst quicker Whvme tn decline it.ucntiiTa common purpose.by:youthe necessityto-nightyoubelievecilmitti,of Massa-governmentanditreekswithcorrupiien. And,afterisIhi? sort, men of the North ? siirli resolutious as havemeetingsfinallyby singingthe " Flag of our Union."thut theall,w ould be sa'er under its rule, temporarily continued, ijiar II would be with tbe accession of a party to Tw>wer. which should come In with nothing on its hands I'Ut such a war on Slavery and Slaveholdlagbody of Nor ihem men in the country Vsaid lie had two to ask. The first questionsingyears hence, remain one nationl" Mr. ELtswona,Is time for youspeak;unso.veu OurGovc.-n-UcessMil, with a little wisdom to guide its counsels, sofrequently justAbolitionists had put back emancipation half a cen- the great body of the Northern people? "Why, it is 150, Its rATBtOTIC CDJECTB,affairs, their vanquish-ed opnonenls. confiding in their patriotism, however proclaim its leading and common career and pur-Is ItJSS 2r* 'u""' .urowing InaUtutions, vour prosperity than he would from his master. [Laughter.] The such sentiments as these from those who representcunlrol ofdoctrine and acquiesced In the result. pose in the known public character, No opin-D. Invitation CommuUt.theIke following series of resoluUons v.ere read Mr. do for the slave ? if a slave came as a runaway, dents, and artisans, and laborers, have let ail GiSTUtuiil: 1 have received your .'ivor of the 2d"'^'which has '»»"•• ^t^TM-" gradual einsnclpation. But they were not to be a sore trouble. It i:iInto a and great questionMessrs. E. J. Brown, Chatncey W. Moore.oa Tbe Union, the ConstlUition and the en- ofthelaws Ore oneConstltn-e"ars"t?yTegTou' irthrur"„fii.?js:^.!p^«'tucky, Marjlanddrlvin to do what lliey would have done If letHenryChesterFROM HON. SDWAKD KVIRETT.re.'entedItsforcementtion, one Destiny their domestic5ff•When the reading of the report had beenHeight,Driggs,Uic In the North, without a repre- RepublicanPartysentation or a friend in the entire South. This party says to the South, by the mouth cf one of its teach-" The republican intend to arrest their partyt^ 'r^e!and Teimessee were considering subjectgrown upbecause you men who really" banner,concluded, [Applause.]Eosros, Feb. 8. 1660.policy thespeaker to that object.say how far our power was able to effect [Applause.]the sentiment that is nationalwith no friendlv eye, are delighted at the prospect-lobe confided to the same Icderai oounoU-tadSis, ta towxs, counito*menwhoaremer- What did the Abolitionists In the West chants, and mechanics, and lawyers, and stuCountry,your presencewlibto-night orpht to be the outspoken sentiment of everyTheWhile the people were passing out CHSsTia Daioes.youadoptedunanimitymeetingadjourned.'''pale and protection tution."Nt.-irlyone-halfthedefigr;atcd has wi.ichnoulddivide.IfItdidnotdissolve,theUnion,GiirrLZinirConsUtutlon, to bel'^'>^^-^^'!')^;^Z Solbelipcarty now in possession of the Government,have theerrn eit, and,in thisIn to be having risen against his master, they received him to the politicians speak out the thought them, Inst, inviting me to address the mass meetingtheir board, and, perhaps, to their bed. (Laughter.) Indead of speaking ont in thunder tones tbe held on the evening of the 22d of F.biuary under theBut if he came a free [man, they turned him away in thought that is in jou. [Cheers.] Tnat Is the reason, auspices of the Nallop.il Union men of the i-ity oiAlter to the of the alluding prosperity*speaker Saul ihiit In our thrlftlness we had raiseda demon in oar midst which we had fallen down toalone.arepowerState, youof theThe equalitj- States, aad:Theinviolate; Supremacr ofConstitution and laws of UaKed aad the Stttas,obedience to them as finally ezpoandtod by Coaadto-tional Let Ihe partysutliority." and thqa pndaiBTHB BISOLCTIO»S.Wktrtat, The present condition anil aspect of po- Ohio. Indiana and Illinois. With all the sympathy in my humble judgment. That Is the reason that New-York. ItwUlnot be In my power, hi conse-and tnty can only do so effectually by tak- ill march vrith firm and truest tread to theta a and then let it shew its sincerity bynomlnating aaatlonalactionfor the slave, the free black was prohibited from en-when some miserable fanaticquence of duUes and engr.semer.tsandcoBseivative man for th*soch na- asprac-a worm springing from the same earth; a travelerthe Freat tKxly of the community In the North.Union, fiora the Is an- lasfaBt tiiat his namethe limits of their States.Nfw-York stood between the extremes, and had his crimes, [cheers] that the impressionand havingas councils of the nation theteringalways been conserv.itlve. Whether tbe blacltsuponcomply with your requeststale ofpubllcaffUrs, I will onlyof meeting procetdings yourwanting in patriotism,and conservative iiisiici me' bond or free, we look upon him as our brotherand sympathy supportin his Infernal msUce fromtheIhe present /angeJous excitementsnothat will Governmentknow man, syooaBiana the confi- dence and sunport of the nin -aad good througboutticable nor desirable without strict adherence to the 01^ tlie s.irne journey destined with us to a common A Voici.-No such thing.;grave, and a common resurrection, and a common immurtulity. We do not turn our bac'is upan him,the administration of which neither they nor tkeir neighbors can bave any part, except bytoenounced. Theit be pra^rly prasBDted. and I believe triumph awaits It as hss seldom been seen history.thing [applause.] wan-ea*. There are no evils In or under the Gov- we would make a man of him. It was not for the a thing In the North [applause and cries of Nocountry, thegiveforce the men at ths South to appreciate your trueand and States,uptoo far <p]05edorganlred, they the balance of power betweenhave2r2«J?h«. iS^"''"^«'lno lines of sectional dU- to fight, that his friend on the left to Gen. come hero to-night because there U dariger what course of action these objects maybe'° ""8 immortalWagBUiaM*, aorsnip.prosperity most ion that " a separation might be amicably effected,, mayflWiBobt^holdlie"''°'» American people Bcoii] coulu have affairs. I believe effectually attained. Is a question grave Impor-SStati tatefl^t'w 'ft*SLSSSiS. iS^rf.v ''«'i^g. and In destiny IS^SSSSiivn^lr^'"* PBfPe'uating the principles ,*.V .the increase of tt.elr commerce, to ezehaoge We aU know more abundaully,/or tktweaUh o/'£iini|W,tbete«BlB(M weH said that Providence left himwould sUad manfully shoulder of a handful of men in the Southoroto sbonlder. [Applause.] There was no antagon- of secession and disunion. We have always hadm who do to the Republican or the net belong either] but and conservative [applause and cries of We give it. 1HUNT., ,, across the water who, regarding usneeds•phatically than you ever did be^ire, and you wiU sire to advance ought to command approvalkindly suicesl'ag. in the language writer, that "the interestsexprcasionIt more and more em- The principles objects*expression frequently theyou[pointing of more battles to fight. [Enthuslas- in the aspect of your naUonaland two noble republics mighthe formed, each better thepSfteTlf they cyIn a H.^TF^^^u^IV!:^'^ "''Jl *««' exhibit our Utfoolsia Into the dust. [Applause.] In such a case the there Is at this time. We have beard for yews put that there la a large and ialelUgent body of citizens, products ofty as the oountry needs above miUa$}. Theya united and JBOcessful oppod-;and in Uc cheering for Scon of the Confed- ance,wnlcli,deservesto be considered which the old hero acknowl- that never belore, In the historyspirit ofable, by?y "ow'lg-! Such a war would sink the Abo- eracy was there so much real tangible danger as elevated and^disiuterested patriotism.the West."•Di, lalem tvertOe earaa. FBOM HON. JOSHXfA HUX, 0* 8B0BSLA.rfocrnmnSth.eSnctonsof And ^^"^°f"''„ii. te-tlM oattrin power.ibatt Itel.IWJp.artl5e»l|£tbe the father o1 W,%i'J^t^." ism between the North and the South. There was the of the United States men from Democratic parties as now constituted, but who aregSS^tSv'olSe^l^aww,at least.putto the contrary. There was m conflict. Irrepressibletestoratloa of a safe conservative• • •men who have been talking openlyof this disunionsire topromote theUntitled DocumentpointState, theyalienated so far, and so fearfully from each other, ihwith you.mOU EON. D. 0. BaSfiAXD. Of ALBANY.effect, the band playing an accompaniment, and vour energies, give your time and lend your efforts to try, in his Farewell Address, which should l»e Immor-agita-tion, calming the troubled waters and stilling forever eloquently urgedsorb almost in our national everythingthe waves of discord, which now are sweepmg over the land. [Loud applause.]poUtiea,:deafening applause.calls for Hon. HrarnRir Marsual.The President stated that Mr. Mabshai and theagitation, and we shall at once have peace, and the country rid of a destroying plague and its inventors. I most earnestly hope to see tbe people, in all sec-the Republican Fart>' as It Is organized, and and such it 'ivill be in the coming Presi- in forming clubs upon tbe same basis we have that wanted to rtse to the surface upon the agitation are one of the best possessiens. In their political re- rendered It Impossible for Mr. Tobukson to tie heard. are maddened with part>' rage. The people are dential deciion, if it shall take the field with anyhave organised, and are busily and successtuUy en- gagedgiven " reckless disunioiiistf and those whoas it acts;whirlwind and otrect the storm,,be satisfied of their dan-—the miserable scum his thanks.) Achievements which, fellow-citizens, tbe old General—just a word —and so on, which zieo fanatics,,was thenW'ithm my best wirhes for the successof theirhad frequent occasion of late to express my f«"«?' ''^I'AJ'Vh^^neiUeat, iniisaliiiiii maykindly feelingI remain, gintlemen,their enemies;tionalsns-Mimt^,ed their venom on the roan shonlc be elected President. [Applause.] I times like these, It is refreshing to feel thatwe'o.w« ri'^'lticaland united wtthadopt whatever course of action will most surelyor by deierved fate of any man who, by giving material this party, with which this meeting to-night asso- and effectually restore harmony and put an end ing the political scale, as our s^mpts to excite the enmity of one section of the eld, should Instigate the blacks of the bouth to rise In ciates, is to correct that mischief and avert that to sectional conflict and disturbance. If we can- direct in coming to theseHall, and,fellow-citizens." [Applause] I am with you to- purpose of appearing before his Immediate constitu- with the voters of their section than about the merits Party bas no allies, or next to none. In the territoriescreated Ihe wildest enthusiasm among the audience,who joined in the chorus with great earnestness andpower. When the cheers and cries for a repetition of were evil omens in the times—I should not have come of unfortunate feeling out of the Eonghad died away, Mr. Gikakd came forward fiom Wathlngtonto meetyou. But I felt that, with an organization of the House Representatives. examine the file ofnight.cance in this meeting—expressiontheWhile be said his immediate conatitaents, he meant to say all citizens of New-Y'ork, for he recognized them all as having the right to criticise hla ac»^, gnd that he was responsible to them, iii, He had not come with the Intention of making a speech—he did notare now tn aI have only to Ihe mfiStery in the Government If left to theit-If I had not felt that thereTheseoCnongress, received bv selves, one or the other must triumphfoeMr. Biioos said he ents, that they might giveat the meeting for tbeappearedask his fellow- citizens fortheir or their dis- approvalthreatensits andiuexistence. Pas- Integrityof roca uxst-J. J.CIUTVENUE.N.eerded to theLocxfOST.Feb. which1860.I am la favor of Oe movement whichandde- of safety,add the hope that may tend to allayand her glorious battle-fields could attest, who say tain—seme man, any manivhaM^Imbaadare prlaeiples,and restore a between the sister SUles of the I'nlon.;18,of a recent Britishof Texas and Maine are gun, of brlnglng^ NaUonal UnionInterest In theand domestic peace of the country. By Government," aad complacentlyevery cltlien who feels an lioncstexpressing the opin- In s Natknal CoDventlon. properly:and apparently as unsolvable as ever.ment, great in Its past achievements, present ation with a strong body of national and conserva-IttionIs swheolulldthtaatkethecoufnrisenldstoogfetphera,ceanadndresmoldverat-oas a par ty-pr.not accomplsh all the good we desire, we may peimittedto beprobable faUnre to enlist a maiortfr^ofpowerdangerousperhaps erned, by;The political forces of the conatry are marshaled In two which divide on this questlo% and are main- f}iarsteipesa,rated by a geographical line. One assaalts the other defends or advocates It The tiveness about sitting together on the same side of the principal difference In the sectional attitude of tbe in innumerable two is, that the Democratic Party has po werful allieson the earth.Representatives of the two sections indicating sensi-prosperous people,,»petB my table,the lf^\ „ju, I (ji^e up a Northern paper, and I find;me following, republished with approbation MoUsioK WITH Slaveholmbs.—" The United StatesConstitution is a covenant withagreementpurest character in every qnarterof the land. Thebut are tcithoul excuse in aid- thtyTtjstnte their riyhtsing other States in linding on men an unrighteous yoke. On this OCR fatezes in prakiso thx Cowstitu-tke The Democratic Party walksversaries, or thatpowerfulWashisotob Cut, Feb. 20, I860.* * * Yousaytrulythat"Acrisishasarrived traction. Theonlydtangewanted,atinlversalandyof the Union can lie acomi>ensation for taking part in This Federal Republic Is a fraternity of slavehold-No blessing through the vitals of the Constitution and thebrnd to he it experience shall demonstrate perpetuated, inthat it can onlv continue through our participationareUnton— the enslftving of cur fellow-crtatures : uuT ought this ing and non-slaveholdlng States. This copsatatea•States makenohonors of the Third District of Soutlf Carolina, about to tondition of incipient dissolution. A party In this be resigned by Col. L. M. Kmn, defines hi? position as countrj' that makes war on Slavery, smd on all theIn a Southern paper I find the following:otherIndeadlyhostility,follows:said he. gentlemen, I had the pleasure, with Hence, then, the mortal strife engendered In the the Union are in danger. The nation is aflllcted;make a solemn de-claration against sectional agitators and sectional felt in fifteen States of the Union, anda great popularminingt ons, soon alive to their true interest and happiness- the Constitution and the Union. They call this arSOU HON. HOKACX UATNABD, OF TXNKESSEt.Mr.chusetts, replied, It is not to be supposed ef-Government will last so as to this long producefect. Canit tiesiij'pnsedthatthisvastcountry,includ-the Weslrm an hundred and fiftn ftrrUory, iiill, ofpub'dodistruotfnl.>iuih ii;irtii6,iiHve the Deiaorratic Party in the Sonth unrepre-ersfpjgro'ptrhess(,Government Into their own hands. - * •They wvery vergestop." On the other hand, there are those not whollyfew words. Its nationality oeasarvctlaai;American will atof theof weakitss disintegration, we have sl- whenever Ihat can be without puttingpeople' I thank for the honor done me bv your Invita- «trpi,rih bv uniting citizens of every portion of the abide the test of those Modem platforms,that in such case the dajs of the Great Republic n and read of altnumberedhowever just or liberal even, from men avowedly;PRICETWOtmhyeselfInfluenced, nrtch «». —rr-:and the tri- umph of either, with nothing really between tbe^but Ihe question of Slavery, would be a nattonal cal-That is a solemn conviction on Ihfr restingstruggle itself rends the bosom of the Hepobllestar la moral and political heavens, which it Is commis-the Union. With it are not a country.aThe strife of these parties makesfllilrJi the country would be slier. In' such a case,Washisotok, Feb. 20,4860.• * * The objects set forth In your It extends. It is a powerful party in the North ascircular are the noblest that can Inspire the heart of well as at tbe South. It deserves execration for themust those States out of Slates as. In effect, putof their enemies.But the Republican party hat oae nMrltit embod-ies a poweiful opposition to the Democratic party—ground principles, and leave measures, as they maydo Jiothing nwre. rtr- me^^ayttTfitindatlonrfsa** Naton^ »i«f, ttoa, OB naUonal ,o choos^.f .A Massoelatidfe that had ab-fn«States. More I trusted that such Democrats as bad sever-were, tcoull>ed,feaatred and _^__ coartod.ff:has been be- men together in Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com-ntrrrni'-i^ta 