 \avastbedeepeeatodanddangerous.Anyonewhoallagainstforeignaggres-sion.TheconstitutionisbreakuptheUnionatanytime.Coenlaudarguetbatmotionnow,butwouldheready00Thursday.tionsontheanniversarybirthdayoftbemostserenetenceisjost—nay,mercliul.Noristherehopeforyoo. andencands the Anglo-Norman character, and par- the public law of the sovereign States, and the and she is a province. Subjugate a St a be Counsel for Mr. Devlin said tbat the difficulty was tbat Princess Donna Isabel. The Councillor Euseblo de Queiroz beyond toe grave, unhgn j ou truly and deeply repeat. If ticularly that pta«e of it which is exemplified in the Union was established to protect certain inter-State tbe District Attorney wanted to send anotaer indictment Continho Matoso Oamara its orator on the part of the you will sincerely repent yourself of this horrible deed VmV'iState*,knowsthatitistooeminentlyprac-andinternationalrelations.No.immediateacqui-whatbecomesoftheUnion?Bowcan tobeforetheGrandJury.andhehopedthattheCourtwouldSenatedeputation,apokeasfollows:— sadyourothersins—IfyouwillbowyourheedtotoedeJCOTHiRM S.NTIMEKT ON LINCOLN'S ELECTA.alreadybeenborn.' Mr.Wilsondeclaresthatthe, •anti slavery avitation will never cease while the toot of a Southern master presse* Southern sofl."'safety of the South. What then? I sayfrenl that, in my judgment, disunion to the only rem left to us against the dangers which menaceof man. unite t with tbne ruoww"- «• r ~ ~ ~ T iLstter fromXeitt,Carolina-of Sooth publican platform and the object of the republicanparty?Is tb/ne any prospect of futare tranquillity inthe Union without entire and degrading surrenderIstheNorthnearertousthanGreatBritainfore the Revolution'* Are tiie spoliation*, eon Horn of propetiy, J'nrasions of our soil, ini against ottr dignity, inroads upon our peace, i,Diincn Proclaimed as a totteSouth.Union,offivehundred millionsof dollars, calculus can count the ages it would have tak rob her of so mnch, at the standard of a MIfcthe Saga of Qnincy proclaimed, and that he avowshimself, for life or <leate, a soldier on the side ofalso? Has she not told us that the powersgovernment are to be construed by her majive her Imperial Highness waa then named,,esaetav-Didcr Bliek Republican Rnk u-- -^_ » ^ « « . b*vu»g been arrival of tbe Princessreviewanddecision.aswellasthosewhichtouch their dignity and pride, make it so. This is true,Erastos & Brown, Aaron K. Ooben, Benjamin E. Dar, Wilson O. Hunt, Robert L Randolph, J >hn D S jott, James Vanbrunt. •HerImperialHighnessworeadressofwhitegauseover Hudsonuntiedthewomanaadsenthertotoecreekeven in a time of great tranquillity it LS couspicu- c^slyrne during aperiod of sectional ami ppouliti-with the republicans, and an assurance that the latter would soon occupy the advanced ground of the former. Here is an authentic ex- position of their policy: for the present, theI and wretched pettifoggers of the republican to settle them now?WhatprotectiondoestheUniongiveto siHenry Allen, Gordon Burnham, Fulton Cutting, Charles&Converse, Francis Endicot,Fletcher Harper,Jr.,Samnel Reeve,another or white satin, and bore the Grand Cross of theTben the members of the Ministry oceopW the left of Crr.aader. _the chamber: and, tbe Assembly rwmg, tt*the President ofsome see hundred aad fifty yards distant, to wash herself, seeompanied by a negro boy, with instructions to* brief her bees: to htm; that she complained of great thirst,andwasseeatogodewstothewateraedge;tost tbe remained there aboutfifteenminutes; that on ber ie-S l e W r a t i o n * Within the last ten vears haveXefienafeplaced himself onthelignt,aand tbe Chiefthe Wen amtated questions- which have ahaken th<stc^etary^totoTleft of the Prtooaas,whoSecretary dalMitii « w rruwa, »--> laid ber right tum she stopped two or tores times, and ivasplslesd et band on tbe missal and pronounced in a clear,firm voice having a severe oclic; tbatfinallyshe stopped aad eovkl thefollowingoath,thelormoiwhichwaspresentedto proceednofarther,whentoenegroboy,attoessasasaadTell me a statute which guards it in the 1 UnionSi£Tfonndations, while the sectional b.tte Wilmot Proviso in the Territones, and no more Tell me a statute which protects it in the Tand recrimination which have been excitedcouldnotbeincreasedevenbyadisruptionofthe* States would not combine to seize the govern-inviolably maintained. I f one State refuse se dress hef wrongs and protect her $p$*r, aide she cannot get otherstojoin hemjMrpu'ih Bon- her sovereignty, and virtually adults thy |cahNEW YORK HEWEDNESDil OCTOBER 3, 1860.-TRIPlJf MEET.slavery. Ihavenohopeofareviewofthefe< Porto, and that the 1 a.-t A men an slaveholder has constitution, and its amendment, so as to secure'in thetares,whichcarryu8b*o«totbe saeredonginalsOat b of F « » l t r tor t b e«aneveninfatuationblinktbemeaningofthere- veryexistence. Andwhyshouldwenotado-.1. v 1 u .,.i„ii„iw with anraadmg corn neios thehouseholdrelations,withspreadingand patriarchal furrows. It is in the first records of the nation, which w e can trace back to the dawn of human society; it is in the/heroic poems of Greece; it is in the hieroglyphics of Egypt and As- syria; it is, too, in that glorious literature whi in is tne precious legacy of tbe past to the present. Slaveholding Plato and Marcos Tuilius will outlivefree soil Sumner and Mrs. Beecher Stowe. But,evenifslaverybetheproductofrapineand violence; even if it be the hideous wrong the abo- litionists declare it to be, still the South is wedded toitineternalunion. IfMezentiosmarriedhertoit, the union still cannot be broken.Mot tu» qutn etiam jomgebal corpora vlvia.for toe murder of his slave woman Jase, convicted of leLegislative BodiestoSheEmperor, murderintbeseconddegree,andsentencedtotoeseni ';fromtheJornaldoOommercio,ofRioJaneiro, teuiaryforeighteeny»ars. Wood Bocld.n, WoodBon<i,n,Jr.,sBd Edward R Cbsmbers, Eaqs appeared for tocWiasasr, sad Col Thomas F. Goods for Ita Oomuv*.The Jbbacoo Plant says, very truly, tbat it e eg. w those esses which thoroughly vindicate Southern charac- ter agarnst the aasmlons oast upon ua by .renestttsu the North, it eevefopes what is se true of as as of aay otherpeopleoatbecivJuedglobe,tostasutterlydetest and abhor cruelty aad barbarity, whether to nbies or blacks. 'Tbe evidence in the cass was that oa the w f r i r ot the 4thorJulylast,ateighto'clock,oneofthe tetsestssys of the past summer, Hudson stripped tbe woman asses MwhenineosjaemwtlMwvrM.tiedhsrfospsreaamee tree, and whipped berforthree consecutive boors, w ia occasional mteraajastaes cf a few mlautaa, until be badV> these '-ouspirators? Mr. Lincoln said, a few ger* to ottr domestic tranquility, less iwtn.fron, Necessity days into, m a pa olio speech, 4*that this agitation 2furth\ than they were eigtity years agqfrom Q would go on long after he had passed away;'" that Britain* The South has been robbed, throughat it*tooiuCanvtLiveinHarmony confesses theobligationofthathigherlawwhich thorityoverus. Anddoesnot theNorth,clfor tbe Nsw YORK HKRALD ]*conformity with artic e 100 of the esnatltotioB of the f>ire, the solemn act of taking tne oath or teslty by the, * serene mncess, ber Imperial Highness DOOM Ua- , took piece 00 th* 29th of July last la the Senate unber at Bio Janeiro. ithalfpasttenA.M.,pursuantto a ca/.l,therewere embled feirty-aix senators and ninety six deputies, aer the presidency of M. Manoel Igoacio OavalouUi de"years ben^e hispartywoula beengagedinthe•inn" -i'K." Mr. Seward, a few days ago, in aspeech in Boston, uttered them words:—"Mr. Lin-coln's claim to that seat (the Presidency) is, that he tax on tea? Great Britain claimed unlimitt*w~&^ rsjr~" forwhichtbeassembly t Adapetaiioatotreedom in the irrepressible conflict between free- and that if we resist her decisions she "will1dom and slavery.' Thus he announces the con- us into subjection?'' Great Britain subtinuanceofthe!agitation,anddeclaresthatMr. thesavage Indiansinmercilesswarupo: l-incoln is the apostle of John (Juincy Adams, who And hare not the Xortk instigated our sla$$ began life by betraying his father'and his party, bun, <mr houses, poison, our trells andviurdejShe still must abide the ceremony. I will not, o'clock, the arrival 01 urn n » »!fo TBEHON. I n . MnceAv:—Mi DSAS Sii^-I have had the hnoor to reeeive, and ended by betrayinjc bis country; and who. in people? British statesmen mourned over theairstate look tbelr placea asJP«wb«d.Couu- aroundtoe tree for seven or eight Cast, toosgfa ,t had been freshly ploughed, was trodden hard. OaewKeess testified tost be band distinctly at toe diaaeaos of BIZ'ha rapture of his fanaticism, exclaimed: " L et cities of their Indian allies. Northern ler•shrongh the Mepxtry, the proceeding* of a public emancipation come, though it come stained with boast the inhuman atrocities of their seduce irs ORANGKBITIU, C. H. Sept 23, I860.•lave States, becanse *• public sentiment is not•WW—preparedtoROfarther.-1 Assoon,however,asit ries? Tellmeiftheflagoftherepublic, ier JamesP.Underbill,repared to go .— __ Mr. Lincoln, will protect it on the high seas? San Judge Ingraham then proceeded to address them. Heher by the Secretary :— of his master, took hold of one band aad Hudson of theI rv antedates all historic times, and originates 17 • " S i t o o f society. \he i n ^ 3 -jjr|KpaOTG ram BRAZILstalTand surround it with the primive images of BWK,WU »•....„..nd it wiCoertof Meckleaserg eoooty Charles Had on was tried\Prussia, tipata, hundred yards, both the oolie of the switches aid j * meetingoftheduxensofSt.John'sColleton,overthebloodoffivehundredthousandSoathernmen,maddenednegroinstruments.WehadCh legationsofPortugal,England,Franos,crowdftitodscreamssadentreatiesoftoewoman,faapearcreaturewhkhvonpresided. Inoneoftheresolutions andPitt,andBurkeandFox,intheBritishadopted by it, I have, been put in renomination Somen and children." On the 28th July, l*>t, cil«. wbenwe broke the bands whkh unrol honor. , .,_CrimeIntheMetropolis. RomeandtheUnitedStates.AnImmense wasburledtoesameafternooa,onlysometea-.achesbe- TBE BlTJOLINd OF THE LEGISLATURE IN THE RBCENT tbe gtileries and corridors of the building, aad every part neath the ground, in a rouge •os.wttoovt say shroud.- LAW RE I'ECTINO CAPITAL PI MhUMK.ST. of the chamber itself tbat was net absoiutel r barred from Ine overseer suggested tbat tbe neignnorTiai batter bethe public. Outside surged a vast multitude, to whom sat for to ace tbe boly before buruj, but Hueaos uu>admittancetothebnudtagwaaofcourseimpossible. ented. TbebodywassxhamsdonFriday,twoday*Arrived at tbe oentre of tbe ssiooa, her Imperial High- after wards, bat was is such a stats ot decomposition thattor Cougre**. for tbis flattering commendation of orate Greeley, in the New York Tribune, thecontrolling pre«« 01 tbe black republican party, with Great'Britain. For Chatham, the repumy pastservices,a*wellasofconfidenceiumy NorthwniddgiveuaLincoln;forPitt,Do •attire uur-e, I make you, and those who were as- n«es this language—'Admit that abolition in tbe for Fox, Durkee: and fbr Burke, Wilson. sociated with yon. m y sincere thanks. States is what all men ought to strive for, and it is "11s said, could talk so learnedly to a shoe^OCT. 1.—The October tana of the Court of Oyer and Ter-Is "ripeand that ihe last ten years constitnto an influential the foremost abolitiooists, and will demand the ex- statute books bristle with prohibitions and ti- which the law directs bim to charge them specially npon. religion, to observe tbe political constitution of tbe Bra- gument of the defence was based upon the idea tbat the epoch, and that throughout that time its destinies tinction of slavery in the States. The principles of ties against their recovery. Does the Unioj ro- Infindinga bill agai ist a party charged witb felony. asA zilian nation, and bo obedient to the laws aad the woman went into the creek, remained 'herefifteenmiUnion. Whoever shall write the future history ofthis republic, let ft hereafter be What it may, will -j "ripe," the republicans will march abreast with we recover our negroes at the North? N o im called their attention, in the first place, to the offences I swear to maintain tbe Roman Catholic and Apostolic other, and dragged ber towards the tree. Tbe main ar-were under ^critical decision. In the severe psrty the republican' party carry them irresistibly to the tect us against their' abduction? Wo Tia' est not in custody, it was their duty and the daty of t h r Emperor. !and sectional, and, Imay safely add, personal ex-citements of this period, the repre<entat ves innotes, sad drank to great excess, sad that to* is all II probabilitybroughtonacongestionoftoevitals,••"*produced death.. Such ia an imperfect account of 1horrible transaction The jury hesitated mnch beti tweesaconvictionfbrmurderintoefirstaadmurderiathese-the passages o£ the conflict I have feit that I was ments with w hi' h it works out its ends. shed in the invasion of her soil. What do Itic law also requires tbe Court t> call tbe attention of the day of July, at eleven o'clock in tne forenoon, in this years, the longest term known totoe law. Bcdana w !\lholdit,then,tobeevWent,bothfromitsplat-securitydoestheUniongive?Texastells jurytothesalecfliquorwithoutlicense,orselling,itonmucbliyaiandheroiccityofSt.Sebastian,oftoeRioabolition ofslavery intheStates. Theleiders moreslavesbythetheftoftheabolitionists me Courtnottodisclosethenameuntiltbepartywasarrest- TheoathhavingbeensignedbyherImperialHighness, ed. The Court was required by statute to callhave created a publie opinion at the North which year under the auspices of this "glorious I •n" tbeir attention to certain things: Uaury, which tne Secretary proceeded to read the instrument, whichrunswould sweep them into oblivion if they dared to re- than the British army carried away from Know all to whom thla instrument may e«ne, all consistsintakingmorethansevenpercentperannum, wasasfollows:—thatCongresshavehadtorelyupontheirconstituentsfor sympathy and support. These have been given sist it, or even to panse in their course. They are through the war. Does the Union protect n >m is an rffence against tbe statute. Selliog lottery tickets In the year cf our Lord Jesus Christ 1860, the thirty ninthcond degrees. Butfinallythey agreed aad ascertained tomeinnostintedmeasure,aridthroughoutalljtheslavesofthisopinion,andthemenialinstru-hostileinvaders?-Virginiastillsmokeswith[lodorpoliciesisalsoprohibitedandpuniahablebylaw.TheorindependenceandoftheBrazilianempire,onthe29ththetermofimprisonmentintoepenitentiaryateighteencordially sustained at home. In return, I have in Sunday, or adulterating liqsore, which are offenses Janeiro, capital of,the empire of Brazil, in the palace of now sixty eight years old, sad there ia aosreety a probegiven my beat efforts to the district, and have tried; form and principles, and'from the declarations of her burning villages, the ashes of her smon ing 8£ nnst the statute. The other special cases are the law the Senate, where were assembled both the legis-bility tbat ne can survive bis confinement. Indeed be to already exceedingly prostrated.OnMondaymorning,thelastdayoftoocourt,Jodge Gboisonpronouncedaentcaceuponbim. Attoerequest of the members of the bar he permits as to append hie chargetothisaccount. Itcannotfailtomteree:toepub he at large, and especially our own teamedlate common- ly. Itstruckusattoetimeofitsdeliveryasbeingmost appropriate sad atrikicg.to promote iu interests truly and well.Inr»uringfromCongressatthistime,Idonot thelessappreciatethewishesofthosewhohave arced me to-continue. Circumstances of a pri- vate nature induced me, eighteen months ago, to ano'tmcethatIwouldj^tbeacandidate forreits leaders, that tbe republican party must continue dwellings and the graves of her butchere •lul- regulating elections and the tire lam.lative chambers of wbich the General Assembly is composed,therebefogpresentthirty-sixSenators andnnetysixdeputies,underthepresidencyoftbemost excellent ^Councillor and Senator Manoel Ignasto Oaval cantideLaserda,forthepurposeoffuithliag the106th article of the constitution of the empire; the most sereneImperialPrincesstheladyDonnaIsabelChristina— "'-—'a' Gabrteua Raphaels Gou-^e"of this announcement, -r 1,111 -and In conseqafncitswarfareuponslavery,andthatitwouldusethe federalgovernmenttoabolitionizetheSouth.We cannot look to the Supreme Court for protection, for itis pledged to reorganizethat;andevenif it were not, it would be compelled to do it, or re- jectita,decisions. Believingthatslaveryiswrong,dren. AlltheSouthwestistellingyouinp wells,andmidnighttiresandfoul consp hatched by republican followers.DoestheUnionsecureourdignity? Why may insult our very coasts, and the freesoil willsfaybackourblow,throughfearthatvled TheJudgethenconcludedasfollows:—Iamverysorry ;ies toadd,gentlemen,tothesegeneralremarksitIkmyduty to make, that tiie calendar for crime in this oity, to tin whichyourattentionistobecalled,isverylarge,and >rth to what that increase or crime is to be attributed it is tay notformetoaay.Withrespecttocasesorhomicide^the which come before yon, the number la larger than has'aevr/raigeStiemenhaveengagedinacanvassfor lievingalsothatallpowerisinthehandsof rightofsearch,forWhichwefoughtheri; 112, everbeforetakenplaceduringtbesameperiodoftime livingdaughterofDonPedroII.,cn'StitulonalEmperor (foarlesBudeoa,younavebeenregularlytriedfortheand that it is their duty to abolish it, and be-the' TMsuecceassaiion. Although the circumstances to the majority, the republicans could not pause be- and vet the republicans forced the adraielecu.nacquire"Cuba. "Great Britain" has exerciizara, born the 29th o'July, 184S8, , legiutimate anda ealdreas»twhich I have _ fore the decisions of the Court, any more thin alluded do not now exist, still ition 11 must be within your recollection that last and perpetual defender of Brazil, and of the lady Donna mnrdcr of your own slave. You have been defended with ier winter the Legislature so altered the law relat- great ability, and s jury of your own country have foundto submit to it. This Union, now , canwould not be gracious in me, at this time, to inter- they have paused before the stipulations of the avenge an insnlt nor redress a wrong agains Ifor- most impracticable under tbe present provisions of nised as imperial Princess on the 10th of August, IBM, term or your confinement ia the penitentiary et eighteenpose in a ontest which was begun solely in conse- • a e n c e o i m y withdrawal.Thw consideration, sufficient as it is, is also po-look to the Senate for constitution. . We cannot 1 ~ > t •« »><«» «*>iprotection, for that body will soon b e under their control. We cannot look to the House, for that iseign nation. What protection then doea the ion tbe law. It has deemed fit to abolish what has long been befog present, the President presented tbe missal, on years. In this verdict this Court entirely concurs. I * It has been said that it saves ns-frf the tbe standing law of this State—the defining the mode by which the same most serene Prinoess placed bar right will not go into tbe details of toe shocking deed. To» give us : .- — ,, sti- which sentence of death waa to be executed and carried band, and tbe formula prescribeit by the 106th article of tied snd stripped s female, who dared not raise her beadinvasion of the North and the.conquest of oui jnld out—aad thereby tbe law la left without any instruc- the constitution being read byfoe,her Imperial Highness against you—whose only protector in this world yoo ' tutions. Shame upon the Southern man whq ,inie tion to the officer called upon to carry out this sentence, pronounced the neth in a loud voice. And la perpetual should have been. For three hoars did you, ia one cf toetentially reinforced by the present condition of already abolitionized. Where, then, most we look federal politics, and by probable proxhmatercon- for protection? I answer, to the States themselves.trust our honor out of our own keeping! { upon the Southern man who would trust c and our rights to aught other than Souther^ age and Southern patriotism!TheUnionTit hasbeen said,gives us Freedom is a word of many meanings, and takes its color from the reflex of the interest man who uses it. In Sparta, it did not measoil or any instruction to him as to the mode la which he is )tir- to put a party to death. Tbat law baa also been altered so fur as to throw upon the Governor tbe obligation ofmemory, this instrument or auto was prepared ia dapli cate, in conformity with t i e rules of tbe General assess bly, and waa signed by the moat asrenePrbioeMImperial.tingen ies. The hopes which were recently en- tertained of defeating the black republican party to the omihg Presidential election have already vanished, or are fast vanishing: and it is apparentthe North is uniting to seize the government, •object the South to the dominion of numbers. I k e failure of the fusion movement in Pennsylvania aad New Y irk realizes the consolidation of theThe States of the South must take their own safety into their own hands.IConfess Isee nohope forthe preservationof the constitution. Poison has lurked under the wings of the eagle from an early time. The con- stitution was a matchless instrument, but still it was of human creation. Its great authors knew this, and provided for its amendment. It was0fixing tbe time when a party is to be executed, and S tbe President, Chief Secretary of the Senate andhottest days of toe summer, cruelly waipacd tertore this helpless woman, until, in tbe language cf eooaael, "tbe sagel of death del vered her from the hands ot ber tormenter." You have thus committed a crime against both human and divine law. Yon nave cctraged toethe State persons now under conviction of death for murder, that and subjected to a sentence which formerly would have rew been imposed upon them, are no• left unsentenced, be- cause tbe Judges are in doubt as to what sentance oughtto ia:e upon the great issues o f free government purest patriotism and the loftiest statesmanship The character of the government has mld social stability. The success of the black re- were needed to conduct us through the threaten- settled as well as the question .of slavery., ttes bliean party I hold to be so imminent, that com- ing crisis. It was made for the original thirteen State cannot secede from the Umon then them prudence requires as to consider, and, as far States, and then almost exclnsiveiy to regulate and are not sovereign, and the government is <.of Senators wrote it.PRINCESS IMPERIAL D ISABEL.have enabled toeir enemies to ten theflameof fanaticism, by chargtsr against them toe enormity sad cruelty of your bard aad unfeeling heart, although that communi- ty cordially loathe and condemn erueltv towarde black or white. Bat if your crime ten been greet, your punishment will be heavy. -Y on are as old maa. Ia ell human probability beforeNorth in a purpose to seize and occupy the com- created in an early and trying time, when awful the helots were not to be put to death if theijmon government, and brings t i e two sections face petals were closing around ua, and when the too numerous or troublesome. p be tone pronounced upon them. Whether to this cause the.:-M. IGNACIO C DE LACEBDA, President MANOEL DOS SANTOS'M. VALLASQCIS,First St votary of Sonata. ANTONIO PEBEIRa PINTO,First Secretary of Deputies.protect their foreign relations. Fresh from an ex- ive dated. We should seek the union of all thi b«which amounts to the large number of thirty. Many of amid tne renewed salutations of the assemblage, and remnant of your daysare to oe spent within prison walls.we may properly, decide the polky which Washould pursue in that event. It is clear that the hausting war—with systems of polity just steady- States, but the sovereignty of each State shq Lre-themwillbesubmitted10you, andit is your dutyto pass npon them.Tbe Grand Jury then retired.ing themselves—with new relations rising up on n*. against the slave States, except through the every side, and with foreign Powers menacing Mr»uaAionsof materia] interest or prejudice. If us with conquest, the constitution was framed, through the former, then the interest must be grave and the Union created, to adjust the relations be-accused that he intended to move to quash the indict- pleased to receive at tbe palace in toe city tbe deputa- thing to expect. Yoor doom la fined A murierer—yoa and vital. If through the latter, then the prejudice tween the States, and to combine the resources of solidation of the Union. A single Stal ier, ment. He (the District Attorney1was not prepared to tions named by both Chambers to offer their congratula- are now a convict aad prisoner for life. And your sen-tical to be staved back or diverted in its course by sition of territory was contemplated, and no pro- Insignificant, "or trivial, or temporary objects. vision was made for colonial governments. The Far reaching and overwhelming must be the anta- Constitution provided for its own amendment, andforced to elect Senators and Represents een instruct tbat body that they should not entertainany Stmt—When a great people reposes tranquilly under the served punishment, and pray Almighty God ti pardon Congress? With onje of the original ?ral oiber indictment against Mr Devlin until the motion to shadow ol constitutional monarchy, wbeu tbat people year sins and soften and regenerate yoor heart, there s States qaptured and subjugated by a ion? quash thefirstone isrtisr*red of. binds op with the reigning dynasty ail the great traoi- nope. Yea; if your repentance ia sincere, it is certefo army, what would become of the cons ^ lani- The Judge said tbat be did not think be had any right tiois oi the past, when tt owes it in addition to the die that God will pardon too; for rest assured tha: the same Would not the Union then be a despotic liesf to interfere with tbe District Attorney in sending any covery and civilisation of tbe country which it occupies, power which translated tbe criminal from toe cress tobibs belore the Grand Jury which be deemed proper. Its independence as a nation, and even tne liberty and Heaven can ana wilt save alike the penitent convict. Counsel for Mr. Deviin thought tbat the Court bad a wisdom or its .institutions, the natal anniversary of a Desolate and dreary beyond description is yoar presentita framers intended that unfjorex'en exigencies Sooth, or irrepressible and vital the prejudices sh j'iid be met by tbe grant oi new power* in thegonism of material interests between the North andmated by a majority, and backed by t*- which -oinViiae it against the latter. Whichever manner provided. The constitution is but a gran; Bow long would it tie before some demcannot say that they have a right to a wrom;. This night." To Mr. Madison it was a geographicallute calmlayintheverycentreofherThe storm must was rushing all around hements, and wreck, and pieces of sea weless happily placed sea-craft, raised by thwind, were cast upon her deck; yet so loni Inch- punish, nor prescribe how the fine that may be imposed shall Crown another brow—It will not be we who will reap > [Fromtoe Rochester luion, Oct. 1.'federal government in our relations with foreign those great old men were not the vulgar c jitics nations was supposed to be our policy, and the ex- of tbe bloody and blundering workmen in bhedwh*n its screws are loose, am.! mire has gathered•poo its wheels. But I know also that human free-dom bas been achieved only through self-sacri-ftsing efforts, and that the great march of mimani-" eager scrutiny. Florida was acquired under constitutional freedom, not the license of matter of the application cf James Kelly, receiver of the profoundest confidence in the future prosperity of toe 1860, are equivalent to 23,122,803 bushels ?;ss is ty has been over broken systems. The South can analagous circumstances, and the same explana- ties or the despotism of brute force. . le at taxes in the felly of New York, as applicant, and Israel empire. It ia in obedieice, then, to Its most intimate 13,862,641 bushels more tben toe receipts a; Use same Csad no exemption to this lot. Liberty precedes tion applies. Up to the acquisition of Louisiana fill But it has been asked, if any State can se [ion? Kabn as respondent, "to enforce payment or the per- Convictions tha'. tne Senate sends ua, & deputation, to pre- time last year, and 6,524,9v8 bushels mow than to .LOercise of powers to this end was not watched withTorn 9 turn R» ions AT CHICAOO roa ls60 —The total receipts ol flour and grain e t Chicago Bines January 1 .for three thousand years past. They esta jjori- Common Pless, on tbe U s t of September, 1860, la the times of Brazil, cannot fall to inspire all Brazilians withr banner. Courage, patriotism, self devotion the Territories were portions of the original States, her pleasure, what guarantee "is thereof the? sonal tax assessed and contirmed against" tbe said Israel sent to your Imperial Ma esty its respectful congratula- same time in 1858. There is e decrease, as comparedin•net attend and upholdit. and Congress was exempted from the necessity of Janswer none, none Whatever, except com lere Kabn for the year 1069, "by reason of the matter tions, with protestations of tbe greatest fidelity and de-TV meet** of the Mark eepnhlican party will exercising doubtful powers over them. At the terest, good faith, and'public opinion. , An not alleged in the application of tne said James Kelly, votion it can oner to your Imperial Majesty and your dn*U'pe a (juarrr*: bHtnm 'Ac Xnrth anU Smith threatening approach of arms the constitution was receiver, as aforesaid, duly veriHod, as well as by august dynasty.vchL-k no i-viitproiiitt't •an ryfi'/t, and which #ub- silent, and. as no sectional hostilities then existed,v" should be none but these. When these lor a reston of lbs fa'.iare of tbe said Israel Kaha to , To which bis Ma esty replied in the following words:— eujwtoHictilonlyagonal*. Ifthetwosectionsunderthedomineeringpleaofnecessity,CongressavailtheUnionisaccursed,andonlyaala] sbowtheCourtsatisfactoryandsufficientreasonas iItiswithtnegreatestpleasurethatIreceivetheex-was allowed to organj/e Territorial governments. tyrant should < ling to it. I T , defence or excuse of tbe matters alleged in said ap pression of tbe sentiments of love and fidelity which the were divided upon a mere question of materia) In 1820, for the first time, our statesmen began to I believe, >riih the rejmbllean party in V;" plication' adjudged aaid Kabn guilty of the mis- Senate manifests for me and my family.witb last year, of 61,409 barrels flour, and an increase <i 3 907,164 bushels of wheat, 9,788,620 bushels cf corn, and 14*1,199 bushels of oats.TheRailroadAccldeutNearPittsburg— List Of lite lr<jared.Friday:—policy, generosity, forbearance, an enlightened look closely into the constitution, and to scru- that there can l>e.iieiiS?ter p>eace net tr~$nqt& or- conduct in said application alleged, to wit, "tbe neglect The Canon Joaquim Pinto de Campos, as- orator of toesense of the common weal, might, and probably tinize every exercise of power in connection with ihe Union, it is organized fanaticism led »lse- by him, said respondent, to pay the personal tax as deputation from the Chamber of Deputies, then addressedwoolJ, harmonize them; but this onarrel stretches that instrument. Then became clearly defined the gani/.ed venality. Its shameful seculations Wve tested, Imposed and confirmed against him for tbe year hu- Majesty as follows —•ver government, society and morals. It is irre- distinction between the State rights and the federal hoods, usurps'ions, intrigues and corrnptio has 1858;" that this miaeondnct prejudiced, fcc, the rights of MRE—The elect ive Chamber charges us, on this aus At the Pittsburg depot some of the wooded were concilable, because it has taken possession of the parties. Then, for tbe first time, our. statesman disgraced tbe records of every State which from said applicant; that Kabn stand committed to jail upoo pictoua day, to express, in presence of your ImperialImagination and the conscience. That it Ls irre-concilable, is declared even by our enemies.ship»beoameintrospective.controlled. Its members have beep pXpelli iac- said misconduct, there to resoain until he paid said tax, Majesty, tbe sentiments of love and devotion which the Congressforbribery;itsGovernorshavehi being $9841,aad tbecosts andexpensesofsaidpro- peopleoffertotbethroneanddynasty. Thisisa solemnj taken charge of by their friends, aad toe balance con- veyed to toe Scott House, where toe company will see tbatthey areproperlycaredfor. Many cfthem iret.tline scorched with fire and stained with blood. try. When a power shall arise which will' treat, Tbe "fire bell" of the one is awakening us to seeslavery as a wrong then there will be an end of it, the constitution wrapped in the flames of fana kept within the circle, not a breath of win She la to be collected. and that end will be its ultimate extinction. Here ticfrm; and the vi-ion or the other is realized in the ed ber, and not a wave heaved under h«j rhenInthe real issue which will continue in this conn-she of 1843 (page 320), do not in terms confer aay nover to of a generation which will pass away before that diadem SUtsr Rape.be avows himself an abolitionist, and declares that torch of civil strife which has been brandi-hed, aad neglected no precaution, but she wailed, anl-slavery legislation will atop only with the ex- the blood which has been shed along that fatal the crisis came, following the knowg rules>ea- tlie leralO b i t u a r y .We are pained, says tbe Baltimore American of the1st lest., to announce the death, at his late residence in this city, of Professor CHAPUV A. HAKRIS, the father of the science of American dentiatry, and oaeot the most laborious and useful professional authors, teachers aad practitioners in onr country. This sad event occurred ondie, nations live and increase To toe thousand titles of our sovereigns—tbe gratitude of their people—la added the gt-neroua zeal wito which they endeavor to regulate the heart and mind of the heiress to the throne, already so divinely blessed by toe Supreme Dispenser with graces which will entitle ber to be toe centre of all attachment tbe pie ige of every endeavor. The bud will b e a beau- f.iul dower, rich in aroma; that oath which w s e pro- nounced to day by innocent lips is a providential voic*, which assures to toe empire of the Holy Cross, for dis- tant tini-s, an empress, daughter of this grea, and blessed country, virtuous as her august mother, prudent as bel- excellent father, noble as ber illustrious ancestors a guardian angel of tbe nation, as she la in truthvicinity where it occurred, and bas created innate ei cltement. Rodney is s sstive of Geneva, and Las ai«.ty» borne a low and rillanous reputation. On the l l x A May last he took po-aesston of a gentleman's cjggy and d;ore from Gsteva a few miles into Seneca c>:r.;y Fe. / ofclltd at several bouses, and by srtfal stories endesTc red to Induce parents to send toeir daurhlers :o a ne-r .< c L bor. who ne pretended, was suddenly taken sic* acd had employee him to seek anisisnce. At ttree pj^.et us was regarded with suspicion and s«ot sway tut taLlf, calling at tbe bouse of Mr. Jedediah Piers JO. a odst re- spectable farmer, be so imposed uixm tne lather that he allowed hie daughter to acootnjmny him. '.jiney drove toasecludedplace,wheretoeg.r'scr.esrouidnetbe bearo. and there furcbly ravished her more then mre. The respectability of the girl, ird toe prevHocs :fcarer:e» 01 Putney immediately rased such a storm of ir i *-:a- tiou that the poopleiwerd with difficulty pre^eeitd freak lyecbiag the author of the outrage- He was arrar.si, lodged in Ceoanoaigus jail, and at the ?er-ca Crc '!. he i at " v i last week, be was arraigred and psei.de 1 a-rt guilty. Be subsequently withdrew his p ea for u,*t of gj'.'ty.and received tbe foltowfog settence.—Tbe offence far which jioa have bees lad.tKd.aii %t> which you hava pleaded guilty, is one of the bite**", us the catalogue of crimen It is tteld by mtay >- greyeranherreces thaa murder itself. In a j owaj^xes:, i any crlae deservee death it Is tote one. Tciev .-oyooa* ceivsble circumstances it is s detestable crime: bat jsder tbe circumstances of 11* case it waa atrceiora We a*atinction of the institution at the South. On the i7th of last February, in bis vagrant bat paid election- eering tour for the republican nomination for the rresidency.be said, in his speech at the Cooperagamat slavery in this country whi :h casts at least tSSStS?l\W l*Vot**' Howmuchwould 2Se?tte, Ll?££i* & *"?ttln«« » h ^ created itthe bocth meat yield ^ S ^ m m ^ S S ^ .u^ by them to aboUsfc"atovSft she must expect more John lirow^ r i i i Jiorehostile invasion-, more torches to her dwellinraend more poison in her fountain*. He means thaithe South must b e abolitk>nir.ed,or sh-j must b eiine.manship, she ran out of the stormy and sole survivor in those seas of that Say's wreck. *0 1 the ba!,ot box eomfiher^^ii-* ^ "agree with him more nearly on the princishallbefordisunion ifLincolniselected,1 lause whichheBOlongandsowelllabored. Hewaabornin1806, rialMajestythesentimentsorgratitudeandrespect which^ ^ I S t h ° e * < u ^ S b l e e e t B c ? 1 £ r Y ' * * " * " " approved'wtV."^h^Sai ^ S £? -, tmient mto some other «*.«£>•< fi:W"B*?5*alI ing and developing the Important branch of medicine for Tne Chamber of Deputies, in expressing to your Impe-***** *flag of our common republic; equality in it was Mrnily demanded by the South, and that equality coidu only be secured by the positive action oi tiie federal government. This brought t i e t w o sec- tions into shock, and betrayed the lack of constitu- tional provision for the emergency. It would hive been well had w e a t that day forced a settlementthen Mr. Buchanan isiH be the last of the nsti- at Pompey, Onondaga county, New York, and graduated tutional Presidents. Despite the ranobr of J Me*, with honor as a regular physician about 1830. After tlte bitterness of aetion, and the sk( ' ienr- practising medicine for several years he turned -bis at mies,Mr.Buchanan's adminidrat, fbee>itentlontodentistry,tbenhardlyregardedasascience,animates it, takes a most lively interest In the solemn event which has assembled us here in tola place. It eon KtattuVes yon, aire, and yosr peerless consort, both as mouar,eha and as parents; it congratulates the adorable princess aa heiress and future recipient of so much leg tt mate attachment; It congratulates t h e Brazilian people e n this Sew pledge, uf its future integrity; it oasgretalates itself teat toe glory falls to it of closing its labors bylighted with the blaze of the incendiary, and har- upon principle. But for this we were not then ried with the steel of ihe •esaasto. What does he ready. Baleful precedent, over nautiQus conser-mean by saying.'' I hold that there is no reasoo hx vatifriu, party organizations, and extravagant cre- the world why the negro is not entitled to all the dulity, first made ua halt, and then tied its with, the natural rights enumerated in the Declaration of cunning threads of ajjew compromise. These arecessful institution be was the .leading professor and feethe turerfortwenty years.Bince its opening. His elaborate taking a part in erecting another monument in toe roadnow giving way, and: the reterning quest! *i must to the " right to liberty." Does he not declare that oesettied finally and upon principle, it can be me negro has) a " nataral right to liberty, anl that •ewed only by an amendment of the constitution It has been wrongfully taken away from himf'* r^2J!S25^ To*t "dlr* curtain widen'"Mr.ciples and the policy of his administrati It is tion, 1888, 8vo., pp. s.92, are bi t a Tew of ihe principal anr his family.one oftheessential characteristics elffa |ism, literarylaborsofhialife. Hebasalso translatedfrom Various committees were subeeqasntly received, all informedthatontoeeveningoftoelathda)olWay as:,Independence.'' Oee of tees* enumerated rightsNorth aad the South were brought face to faceupon the question of slavery. The issue ihen pre-sented could not be met by an adherence to pastprecedents, by resort to a used and worn outpolicy, or by timorous inaction. Territory had v\ bich the governmept should be adrhinist< been won by our common arms, and under thei tied. A cloud of witnesses may rise up to Does he not also declare that tbe " republican par- M»^^??S ' P? acquisition of territory from 1lyhasbeenorganizedtotreat slaveryas.awtjng,and to destroy it*" Does he not warn the Souii.too, that if she resists "the republican sentimentwill be forced into another channel ?" Glose it denngogue; vain the shouts of the ^Uni•on savers; 'over as you may. it means that the South must be vain tue prayers and the enrm* nt halting patriots; vamtheJtroVies 3Xto2d S ^ m t ^the tin et, ,n ti at city, on Thursday aitemooo, and oowhided ! government, will drive on to the coo tumm >n of by a won-an named Lucretia Smith. Miss Smith, it ap-forfo ;i-; )Ptibcess, do rot let tbis act, so novel to thee, deceiveeboiitionized.peaceablyorforcibly. ItmeansAat everythtag butarenewalof Um cSaffii'ti^ vain! its aims. Slavery must be in the wibingj f peals, »aa »• inmate of a notorious establi«hau.nt known tbee.; In Brazil from tbe people alone come command1 tb* south. The republican party irould^ ^° as tbe Wejl ostet House, In the vicinity of New l-nndon, ant royalty Here sovereignty resides in the nationthe " natural right of liberty has been wrongful!* torn from the negro." and must be restored to aim. | thoaghit be over , burning home* and butchered J1 Union to withdraw it from sucti! prof the aiidunu»rm<kthepunishmentofstewardforinterfering aloeer monarchy amongst ua isnomorethana mission be qrard, yTM fore«d ber \,< siasxit fc> '»••asters.Mr. .Seward also proclaims that there is ani, 1, qaesuon o/Mavery and the J S & S t i S £ Z•ir !meat. Weha*e seen.too.thatthe Monh,Vm C Ola jvrvy wui m * • J»w«f vf t*v U«K»to dee^vdnBtneSSnfbetoJW*^lim "•'thef"ture'"»1 abolitionismofexcessandterror;fieldsojfIfeoiuticn of the Union. Union.*-«witutaon or aI Against that party 1 laould, tiwef&re, j •ini'.v, to defend an, institution guarded b.,.<ffc of the ircdil, ly the traditionsmci.lind; by th' logic of histof^ •tit"** <f tntnqs i o-ud, teithwt'i fchtion.with tbe J.IUU8 of the house In bis capacity as grand I Ai'Ciem rights oi other times are in disrepute ia this CO-JI. juror. She was arrested end fined $7 and coats. try, where it is tne wiil of ITovidence that a new aurora should tiinme Thy throne is the spontaneous wish of toe the liiusx SVT w Waoojffint.—Ext„.,ernor Barstow, of cation * hich delegates t* toy hands the sceptre of liber- Wisconsin, 1 » commenced a libel suit agalost the pub- ty. In the sug'ust temple of iby country let virtue be:the lisherorth*Wiseominnewspaper, 'orchargingthattne the rl»-rt «f «r>y vr>»sfcr; imbibe, frcm thyyotrtbupgratifiiatlon of . j«ir !ust We can sec LOW that it iras :n<f»<-ree». for ,Mr. Pierson tj aii.-w IMlaughter to go* ith ; -><-', a stranger to hi-a, be: tie g>j«t man thong..*, on.y / tte "swwi neigtbw woo seea<dla woman's care,' sod doubtless vbe Uioagnt, Ptnth*ttime*>' 1**r*'nmv*-nn •* '\s CTC:* t*T»-;;5e .juaaeti urnm**a that tV-c ootid be is tbe <*\UwsrM ethatili*- '• re- allthrough all. Her case is like to an English] loonwhich was lately surprised by a circling jwashurt, will probably survive hia injur.es His wrir. wtv sistent with the act of 1843, IS not repealed by it. In tbe hands of tbe adored princess, who bound herself to- badly injured snd be received a frightful raeb CL 'heThis compromise had its course, and at the ac-quisition cf territory from Mexico it was thrownaside like rubbish. Then for the first time the do not support Mr. Breckinridge, because lieve Saturday afternoon last, and waa the result of long IllnessIn conclusion, 1 may be permitted -to samt IOn contracted by sheer overwork in his excessive and the question of the Union I differ from his Hde- varied labors in the line ot bis science, to wbtab be was ly as from Mr. Bell, I support him be Ise I but too ardently devoted. Tbe career of Dr. Harris lias is op been full of interest, and he baa achieved in his thirty years of professional life very marked results in elevat-him to be a disunionist. He is a Union m1 rudiment* of our socialto 1he Throne uf B r » U i - Tbethen, believe that a Southern man will b e the hiredorvolunteercotthroatofourNorthernenemies«..* wi,.*. 8hali defend aga^TTny Boutaern State which shaalavery, ev^n by secession I have the honor tonofoaoed, tbe deputation was invited by tbe President tobe, Ac.LAWRENCE M. KEITT.Therelationsbetweenarepresentativeinthecdeartoourmindthatalargem^orityarenotpre-uponhiscraftthathewouldholdhimtobenf theSenate,sherepUedtotheapplauseandgreetingspfBntthetestimonyofthephysicianwhodissectedtotfederal ouncls andhis constituents aredeli- paidforthis,andthepracticalquestion isthis—minerwasopenedthismorning,batnoceasewillbetried theaiaeaablagebythemoatcharmingaflkbllitj,andsaat- -•-—-__-Kch-aIir, p<%laic*oeadbeelolow thestepsofthebody,aadofseveralotherphysicianswhowere u a mined as experts, was distinct and positHe that the violence used wse aeflcieat to produce death, it was also to evidence that after toe protracted pmahmaaishall we not attempt thatwhi<h amajorityare their prosperity which must come before I11111 for ripe tor, and thus bv onr consequent triumph, in-until Monday next. The following gentlemen were"sworn edbeiself mancat* and important. The many questions affectingofit;Wilson,a born andtrained shoemakeil pires to talk like Burke o n . government. jf[vite that majority to go further?" This was an would not let the great men of the mother c appealto theGarrisonian abolitioniststotmite1settleourdestiniestheft,willweallowtheOTEKAXT>(SBxnm. Before Hon. Judge Ingraham.on the Grand Jury:— IsaacH.Bayley,Foreman; James1Bertlno,lb rone, rone.Tbe District Attorney said that lit tbe case of Charlesdeparts, the harsh grating of tbe heavy key tost ksepeof spe< ihed powers, and it was not within the pur«view, of its framers that the l.'nion which it createdtdiouid exercise any power not strictly granted.It tloes not weaken this argument, that the firstexercise *f governmental authority over territo- stimtion. aga'nst any State in this confeder II be it cow. Tbe motion to quash tbe indictment is postponed Senate charged us on this day, doubly great, to congrata will answer, "Never, never " Then I trust you w J ,a may be, it is certain that it cannot be met andbeaten back by Senate resolutions, merely d-cla:ratory of principles, nor By' parliamentary strug-gles in the House, where numbers are against us.and numbers make the decision. If the black re-5iblk.ui party succeeds in the jomiag election, ries occurred under Mr. Jelfersm. Europe vital tie which binds the Union together [The to Thursday.prince and heir Is hailed with the enthusiasm 01 the sin cereal love which springs from the heart, and not with Salary's measured phrase, which etiquette frames for the lips, bu. which conscience repels. Happily, sire, theeissues between the North and the South will be was -hiken with wars: the undulations of severed, and the government consolidate ler withdrawnfromthefederalarena,andmustbethestrifewereaffectingus;ourcommercesfditsofthesovereignStatesareboundt lOUt iecid* (i by the States themselves as sovereigns. was repelled from outlet, and 011- people in a shesf, and not one can be broken »mSuperiorCourt. Before untef Justice Bosworth. LIABILITYTOPERSONALTAXES.lave your Imperial Majesty to be but tbe faint echo of our with deep humility aad sincere repeatacce. feel aad con own sentiments, those of the entire Senate, and or the .fees jour crime and ams, ana that tha sentence may be wbolenation.Yes,sire,itianotonlytoenatalanni- ttemeansofsavingyoursouLversary of ber Imperial Highness whom tee Senate greetswerearmingforhostilities. Mr.Jeffersonsiezed 'breakingthewhole. IfaStatecannotse:e jve- policyare learandwellsettled.1shalladvise theskirtsof"happychance,"andpurchasedLoui- theUnion,thenourconfederacyisnoi be aiacnion promptly. I do not underrate either the siana, to free our commerce, disarm our people, ment upon the governments of the past rey responsibilities or the dufkalties of this counsel. and save tbe republic from sharing in an European so. then human rights were still kept at the tan I know how unwilling men are to be drawn from war. Louisiana being acquired, Congress governed of mere majorities, and our fathers made 150.to(isy,thesoicmsoathwhichtbefundamentallawof•" J MovementsofGrata.*In this contingency my convictions 01 duty andtbe State has consecrated as the symbol of alliance be-onahabeascorpus,andtbeSheriffofNewYork,in tweentheheirtotbecrownandthepeoplerepresentedIn ceipt*byrailroadatDetroitofanumberorteeprincipal whose custody be ia, returns tbat he detains him by vir- thwGeneial Assembly,by its chosen representatives, u yet articles of commerce during tne pert week, toe week pre-would be lifted into royal state by a tri orts? faction, or the purple be sold by venal con- Whenever a sword shall gleam, behind t ,theright to Instruct the Grand Jury that they were an instru- ment of protection to accused parties, and not an instru- ment of oppression.condition. Witb a bard and unfeeling heart, t.man blood* resting upon yoar head, and your limbs fettered with e felon's cnaina, whenever weary aad tired vo.. aay ask, "When shall I hev freer' this verdict of eighteen year*New York Common Pleas, which be product*, M rt * noccoef it is for Brazil the most precious guaranty of its Pati wedc their old fastenings of indolence and comfort, it without looking to the constitution for its power freedom the mere toy of brute fore*. If thi cfof copy of which is made part of bis return It is Insisted sincerity. Tbe august Imperial Princess, blessed by Pro- Floor. bbiS..... 36,100 even to meet truth and duty. I know how hard to do sp. At that time all of onr statesmanship they fought the Revolution to clothe the pr [But tbat tbis writ la void on its face. The writ ia ini tbe vidence with no common talents and with tbe noble and Wheat, bushele 48 668it in to stop the machinery of government, even was devoted to foreign laffair*. To strengthen the vfolence with the mere caprices of a major! st.s name of tbe People of the Mate; it is tested in the name lofty rentiments which characterize her august parents, Corn. 9,667Precious W.&. Si K'. M*. 1.Tbe Court did not consider that qneation properly beforeBosworth, J.—Israel Kaon has been brungbi before meITate Late flave Mursler Case lm feekicn bog Cnuatv-CoavtcUou mt tne sj«r> Storer*(From tbe Petersburg fVa ) Kxevsse, Sept 2*.] ,Donna liatxl, Il«t1<, Itwasannouncedinyes'erday's£-**«*-,bv(wrCWtv- S2^ ville correspondent, that at toe late term or the Circuit•*I 'f•""——*«« »n«wunce<l tiie ob-of aix senators aad twelve deputies. At eleven senators aading to capital punishment as to make -it al There»a Christina Maria, the Empress, hie wife, recog- you guilty of murder la toe second degree, and fixed toeim. already it bas involved tne administration of criminal ief Secretary of toe Deputies, and I, Manoel dee San-ten justiceinadifficultysogreattbatinsomedistrictsoftne tosMartins Vallasques, Uhief Secretary sf toe Chamber reelingsorthecommunityamongwhomyou lived. Yoo|0uefor me to say; but the (act is that cares of this kind areincrease of murder is to be attributed or not, it is notvery mnch increased; aad I bold in my baud a list ofmurders committed in this city since tne 1st of May, At the conclusion of tbe reading tbe Princess rose, eighteen jeers have expired yoe will be dead. Teewithdrew, accompanied bytbesame deputation andwith Thelabors ofthedaywillneverbefollowedbytoepiee- the same formahties with which she had been received. Bures of borne sad friends—but eight after r. gh:, antil On tbe return of toe deputation tbe act of tbe session the last day of your earthly existence, will yoa be tarred ?r the General Assembly was read aad approved, and t h e , to your narrow cell, and bear, as the prison beose keeperresident dissolved toe session a t half past eleven.Devlin bebadreceivedanoticefromtnecounselforthe S At one o'clock P.M. his Majesty toe Emperorwas Batetbedoorof yourdungeon Fromman yeunaveno-GSAIN rs Drrsorr —The following table shows the re- tue of a writ or process of commitment, issued by ib» sound fog in htr ears. The parity of tbe lips wbicn pro vious, and since too 1st of Jan aery —or tbe first Judge of tbe Court; is sealed with tbe seal, carefully educated under tbeir eyes, a constant witness of and purports to be issued by the order of tbe fourt, and the virtues of ber illustrious mother, and tbe wisdom and is signea by its clerk. Tbe writ recites tbat the Court of justice with which your Imperial Majesty eirecte the-des-40.4*1 91.860 6 660 y,H0396,838 B69,«27 rl.Nv.jon- ceeding, being $26 30, in all $124 71; and that a warrant day. As tte Mrthday of the Imperial Princess, it makes slightly, snd only three of tbe whole serioualy wooixkvLThe platform of the republican party affirmsthat the social and industrial institutions Be:ore parties were sharply and decisively de- cused of swindling: Us Legislatures have be* the issue for tbat purpose. Tbe writ then requires the ua thankful to tbe Almighty for toe gift be has bestowed Thomas Stevens, brakeman, dangerously hurt Cbisef* the South are dingraeeful and- must fined, and the philosophy of the new school tho- victed of embezzlement; its Judges have s iheir Sheriff to arrest and detain Kabn in jail until be pays tbe on this nat.on. As the epoch of her oath to the lun- Cheney, of Baldwin A Cheney, seriously isjered,; j'ohn roughly established, occurred the "Missouri ques- law for a prize, and its leaders have palliat( inel $124 71, and tbe Sherill's fees on such writ, or until the damintal compact, tbe future sovereign is ,x>!it>eally Colgar, New York, seriously injured, M n Lothrcp. AJ- bedrstrayed. ItspressesinflameNortherntion."Itinvolvedtheexerciseofonlyanegativevenalityhythelimitswithinwhichtheyc|»rdssaidCourtofCommonPleasmakesanordertothecoo WeddedtotbecountryofwhichsheisalreadytheidoL legeheny,collarbonebroken;Mrs.ByronHilalnter,aeatiment and unleash Northern hate against power by Congress, and this fact, 'Huded by the it. Can tbe South look to these blistering t Its trary. Tbe Judge concludes an elaborate opinion by say- Bow majestic, Imperial aire, is tbe spectacle we present them. Its leaders proclaim that the "conflict-is complications of the Louisiana and Florida cases, eiid bear tbe domination of such a part* moil, ing—Tbe Court of Common Pieaa most therefore be re tj'ibt world. What torrents of blessings descend uponfollowing were but slightly injured:—Thomas i. Stevens, New York; Michael and John Hill, North Carclii-a i S. Thomas. Philadelphia; Mr Worth, North Carolina; W JwhichcannotutterawordonSouthern the the actof 1842is,as to the county of root.Totbatinstitution,somuchourown,Brazilowes, McClellandandwile,Cai.fornia;Mrs.ElizabethPassy, cause that word would be insurrection; lost New York, repealed by tbe act of 1843. Section in a great measure, from her discovery to the present day, niece and two children. South Carolina; A B. Scott, Wastirrepressible,'' and can only end in the destruction•I Northern or Southern society. Irreconcilable betrayed the country into an honest but inauspi- leader says he would fain speak on Southe ivio- merits of tbe proceeding, as it has made a final determi- Pesee, prosperity, order, greatness, ail smile on our dee county, -.igctly scratched; Mrs. A. Huldor. North Caro-enmity is embodied inthe very platform of the men ot that day grappled boldly with the issuelence. .4 party offers to rule us, the chosei of which cannot appear in a Southern Stf<F|n ofparty. Inextinguishable hatred gleams all through the recorded declarations of its. chieftuns, and flames out through the avowals of its nominees.and established" an enduring peace, instead of a precarious armistice. Confused with the novelty ofthediscussion,stunnedwiththepopularclamor,and was unexcused. To tha view there is no answer herself. In the Europe of monarchies monarchy is shaken; fear of personal pukishwfrknt; the trusted be- except such as is found iu the argument that in the America of republ cs monarchy takes strongerAbraham Lincoln, its obscure nominee for the and clinging to Wear and noxious precedents, they Presidency, has a record which bristles all over compromised a great struggle upon timid policy,with anti-slavery fanaticism. On the 17th of June, instead of settling it upon constitutional principles. 1658, Mr. Lincoln said—"Slavery agitation will Tbe! power of Congress over the Territorie- wasleading presses of which are ex abided from are 1 of article IV. of the act of 1S43 (p. 328), tbe progress which places ber in the front rank of Soath- half the States of the Union because t, Bsub- declares certain previsions of tbe Revised Statutes ern Ameuc*. The past acta of your Majesty nave done incendiary documents. 'And the South is |pon inapplicable to the city and county of New York; much, but only in our days has your work been com- mit to the dominion of such men 1 Sham and section two (page 328), repeals all acts inconsistent pleted. Well it waa that the empire bad for a rem ler such counsel! The South is herself an lire, witb tbe act of 1843. Tbe act of April 12,1842 (chapter jour august father, if warrior and lover of liberty; that Through her resources, she covers all the; sans 818), ia no part of the Revised Statutes, and no part or it it should find an organizer in a philosophic sovereign—isgton county. Pa ; A. C Hays, Pitts>urg; Samuel Mean- or, Clinton. Allegheny county, Pa ; Mrs. EUzabeiS G'.Ui- ford and daughter. Perry BY lie', child of Mr*. Gr.er, Alle- gheny; Mrs. Thompson, Philadelphia; Hannah Jones, Ai- legbtny; Kdward Mellon, Illinois; Mrs -llgeo, Pitts* J I ; Edward Johnson. Pittsburg; Ii R. Pottit, Ou;o: Mrs. Lo- tferop and her daughter, Mrs Painter, were HSt.rt nrnot cease nntil a crisis shall have been reached and passed. A house divided against itself cannot •tana. This eovermhent cannot endure perma- nently halt slave and half free. It will become all ooe thing or the other.'' Here he proclaims an irrepressible division, which is to end in an en- forced unity. The States must all he free or slave. Which is to be the victim, the North or the South? He leaves no doubt upon his meaning. He said: "I think that slavery is wrong, morally and political- ly." Mr. Douglas eo&tendsthut whatever communi- ty wants slaves has a right to have them- 80 thev have, if it isanot wrong." But if it is a wrong, hegot by construction, and, since 1820, we have been living in the delusive hope that we could limit construction by implication, A majority pleaded its necessity, and then its convenience, to extend its powers, and w e llave tried to lunit the extension by refining on the analogies of the sys-,tem. This has proved a failure, and »t ie failuremight have been foreseen. The grand old pro- phets of the Revolution, w h o still ungered among us, and upon whose foreheads Lad descended the baptismal tires of that great struggle, foresaw and announced the calamities of that compromise. To Mr. Jefferson it was the "alarm of a fire bell atj-got- is inconsistent with the act or 1848 (chapter 230), except in you, sire; that in a noble princess it should rest itswith commerce: starts enterprise in almost |)wer tbat by the act of 1842 the application to tbe court to golden hopes of b'armony. and love. Though the imagi from New York, tn <XMttjiany with Mr. Fow'.er tr-ngxccious' compromise. Far bet&er were it had the but his presence itse|f would invoke persoi idernation that tbe neglect ot Kabn to pay his personal tax tiny; mid while,, elsewhere, toe most sacred pr.ncipleswaa a misconduct within the meaning of these statutes, are questioned, Brazil Is organizing and strengthening lina, badly hurt; F. R Fowler, brueed slightly. Thegaraed as havirg disposed of every question affecting the ua froto toe throne or Him who " s l u in the highest!''Aliegeneny. slightly injured, Jacob Speer, of Kali tt Speer, Pittsburg, hand cut: Jamas Brownies, Poised, Ohio, band cot; Capt. John Young, Jr.. Alleghenyten lands, and has won a diadem, which n loud enforce payment of a personal tax ia to be made by an nation may shrink affricbted from the ccnvemplation oftin earth can tear from her brow. Mist an 'assessor," whereas by the act of 1843 it is to be made tbat period of widowhood and mourning when the coun- liveand storm may surround her, but she easel in the sity of New York by tbe Receiver of Taxes, Tbe try must toss ber first citizen, nature never relents; andwith them the corpse of the wife of tbe latter, \ln. U -throp'B daughter. The whole party were more or loss JIjured. Tbe body was brought to the city safely after tw»accident. Stevens, w e understand, though er.o-f.?part of section two of the act of 18t2, above quoted, ia that sceptre, the symbol of so many glories, will nave to general, and applies to the whole State; and if not incon- pass, One day—which may God avert for many years—toin the Eastern seas. It is said, that whilesurrounded by the tempest,*a little area Ibso- stead of being necessarily inconsistent with the ant of day, still more intimstely, with tbe subjecfo of your Im- bead, Messrs. Cheney an 1 Colgar, too. are d< ng veil,rse. 1843,theexistenceoiiuprovisionsseemstobeessential perialMajesty. andnofearswhateverfortbeirrecoveryareenter^aiced rag- to clear authority in the Common Pleas to commit a party ' No. It will doubtless not be we, tbe elected of thisTrom to jail for such misconduct as ia charged in this case- faithful people, which bat yesterday watched over you in Seat to State Prison lor Life for Cosanstt- Fhhl- For it must be observed that sections 12 and 18 of the act your cradle with lendereat affection— we, the interpreters, and and comparatively little understood as a distinct prac- plan tice. In 1840 b%founded tbe Baltimore College of Dental for- Surgery, tbe first of its kind in tbe world, uf this suc-j. "re and upright, loyal to the cont> n*j to the republic, a statesman atAuurii-an President in his intercoienjn nations, he, withhai Cabinet, Wm/rtd anerahiple offidelity and pati%twl The "Dictionary-ofDentalScience,"1849,andmoreextended toprogressoftbisfortunate country.laxt (f a line is oftentimes as patriotic as u"St. work, "Dictionary of Medicine. Dental, Surgery and tbe His.lmperial Majesty waa pleased to reply tbat be re-If Mr. Lincoln is elected I shall urjge lion, Collateral Sciences," 1864, r. 8vo , pp. 800: tbe "Priucl ceived with mncb pleasure the sentiments of love and because the South will be irr danger fifom i>rin- pies and Practice of Dental Surgery," 1839, eighth edl-' leyalty which the Chamber of Deputies addressed to bunnot to be undeceived by experience. P f th juth tbe French several valuable medical works, and has baling addrerseaof a similar congratulatory character,having taken possession without permission of some per- son's bor^e and boggy wagon, yoa left tbe villa!: / •> ctra, »Lere you l;ve, and went to toe hojse ca Mr Jtde- dlab Pforson, one of the most respeouble ,'wme-r a our county,and there, unfertoeIVseiretonoet-a:*om» neighboring woman was very sici and noedel mraed.iie care.) oc induoed aim to let h;s daughter, abou; ;te age of seve^^en ycai s. accompany you >m wfca. Le e»p;ns<.'Sl was an err«i 0 oi m»-i'>. Having tous .red Lor ir m :>-r bouse, and taken her to a place when ber :r seooJa t *j submits to black republican rule, herfnturset- [hvict itleassteadily edited since Its commencement in 1839-overt«ent> ii^isago—the Amerxaxn J-urnaLcflkrilalScience. ACMSH.'CEOSCowmniD—Jes.ahR.Steward,agrandto allot which tbe Emperor trplied In e brief manner.we MIJ in the CVT.-U. Mercamlil -ome versos addressed to ber'Imperial Highness on the above occasion whichwe tb.Urk,woi tr.v of a place here from the peculiar seatfH being lifted, issues are now upon us, and and siikening slaughter may appeal aga! » its juror, 01 New London, Conn., was assaulted in Bank meats they express. We translate them m a prose'hey must be met. - . —,—. Vain are the palliatives of theI honors, but aiill tine party, encamps! beiUntitled Document•descend to (be principal door of the bunding, at wuton a worn out testsapafifty-twoswitches, sad until the sait guardofhonorwasstationedosmposedoftneSixthbat- ontoebodyolthetree«aarubbedasseotoandgreasyb»>-* A . National Guard The imperial the attrition of toe body of toe vistas, the groundnets was reoeived by tits President and Art* decretary of tbe external marks of violence were well nigh eeUterataa.the benefit* of another reign. But If men grow old and The case of'Rodney is ooe of deep i'. rest r it auata... . 13.88190,68,*Saturdays Pittsburg Eoening Ckrmi I' g vei» toe sib- joined list of persons who vere injured by tbe ace:lent on toe Pennsylvania Railroad, near Steward s-Sva'.xu. on Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comire*ex Wovetawr tuttedti»uuxatuty of ,'..*i.uuui.toe wise eaamp* of toy Jatoer. 