 THB POIilTIOAL CBISU.9L\}t 'Ktm-tioik ^\mts\ Jribap, laumtB 80, IMI.coniioeat by maaaa of thenndiaf of tUeaftt—ka. ' ' ' "later, or swscpiBg bocse powar, u wall § |g iha ehaiaftt bMiiOfTo tkt Bm. Jeht C. Breekvtridge, Yiet-Praidtni States behindof tiu United Slctet, and Senator elect from deciding the naUonal aspect of^ the subjectolpower man could doubt maintain iu rigbu within the Union, nnder every beleasfsUgataglobsrMa.ttietrierossl. asoaUw sao, lo saad the KnaaamiaMs sbips. I sm lac taed ta lUak 4hai Waaa, Fsaas *tie Commtrniceallhof Kenbtcky.Court bsd been so clear thst no {na every portioncould gainsay its justice aa between the parties to lor any pottion of It to elect between terrible tagto tha horses a bortaontal,lot pleofkdhrtncky,armfrdiBittoIMiiMitoftheir,ZItlon ac"« tie RepubTlc.irxsaistibl.a^riodseyentyjeara,ssserttd that po-teritytheparticular causa then heard, it would have meansofIt ta the holding in reserve ofbltagttaemtn sower sad of theiraensitbaeoBllneatbffiwOtaHaMnSl:^te r~i liraIsastartlli^saaatIsM*alIba()that existence, to so many ideas which canof nearlydust —have beatowed, firat upon jaai grand- naUon at the presentcrisis. And wlU de- thajtomight— exasperate vigor,if notW fortnight, as now. The Ezpreas Comasar peoi4* say th« could carry fb* treaaora ta tuTlnr.and then upon your father, and then upon f—iaaUeverymarkofconfidenceandlovettwaa tai their power to beatow and in no inatance didand their thecountrytoberuinedandbeingare a people, or haveonce aandu*«* I|^mi>a.Iglveyaathei«niorsdprepostlbM«ab7plaMeverreAiaetoeitheroftheyUnt eltbar afdid llMtUf^ theyhei.rwiw ahort of what they expected from you.MkrMatimoniea on theof such a people, ac-or what madnaaa of the themen, by people, cOnn>.try has been bttraaht to the verge of vio- publicwith those she to msy send,to th* sappossd dtasBbdtoa ofth* Tbs approaofalBg boUdns quite manopoltas aUandtheirbloodcementsinsteadofweaken- ing the foundations of society. Civil war itselftion ;Nor does itof the North who arewithin the Union, horrible as civil waris neeesaarily temporary, and is consistent with the ultimate preservation of dis-andto the business of life. unimportant,provideJapan. He good account, by;disgraced, positionsecured, csn universallyyoo any yon wilUng accept,'"• opsaadtlbstnaanrewiurfrom a private atation and impelled only by the Executivevices—tadeed,or offthat charms with itsinstitutions, general and particular; and a uni- extreme versal civil war at this time, tuithin theandtrue sense of the Constitution, and the true weightmanthe division of the Uuion the slave uponspecuia-A difficulty occurred on leth of at Irish Decemtier,and the necessary breaking out of a fierce and inter- minable war along a frontier extending from the Atlantic ocean to the western border of Missouri, no msn can toresee a state of case when peace can be ever preserved along that frontier, as well as it can be in the Union, and every man can see that any fstBre union of the divided portion of the Con-If the whole North could act in concert permanent-if any union shall ever be federacy, possible,majoritymust The inevitable effect of the recent events at Harper's Ferry, taken all together, must be to give a degreebe reduced ose-half at least, but ataoe he cannot bei>e the' terms which now exist npon verySteamship Line had their eye on the Te- I^rties at the East who sre taterested ta ths gbsr- geared to, as if he wsre a cog-wheel, w* can only g«t huantepcc route, over wlilcb all the 1 treasure would reback Land Great case, to which I referred recoaiiy,Uttion, wnich no K)f it can ever have outtension of the Republican Party is the fruit of thispermanently settled in Free Governments, except through representative bodies, and then in accord-anyhow,sveaIfhecouldbemade wecannot lighter,case of Leese vs. Clara, ebargedpresent jump neithertheBoardsflandCaaimtasfoneststt the project of expressing their gold all overland—that Stales Dtatriet Courtthe Vnionpartby Congress nor tbe United pso- the danger of robbery was not reallv as great as that Uttas to taadatastead of deriving each powsr through separate, tains to thta city. To New-York alone our people were such oa flie 1st ofMay, 184S—the power ttoleiatad wuhont monooinion of theit, and while thecompletely very society,;conviction. Disabuse the North of this delusion-make his adhesion answer for both purposes—for pro-of and the handful of white men andnegroee whose follies and crimes were consum-mated there would probably be the last, as theywere the first to try such an attempt. Thesessed any authority to delanntaa tbeThe whole case ought to be, toheavy, movtagta fact, by rellsvtag the implement of Itsfor water travel. But for a Pacific Rail- road tbey look flrst to Washington, and taen to theirman, a demonstration of the inestimable value ofSouth never tocould fail carry with it in aU its justversal,and the Slave States theown efforts to thrust roads, desperateingtheSteteof California. If thta decision ta soiRlno^cootsa of law, instead of or by privateleast,Point, illegal andWhen forming her first Constitution in 1792, when foiBiiig her second Constitution in 1798, and when fowning her present Constitution in 1850, the whole suUaet was carefully considered by her people, and each time decided in the aame manner; and it.Is probat>le that at the present moment there is less disposition amongst her people to make any change on that subject than at any former period. Tws TMts of great importance must not, how- evaa, ba e«arlaoked. The first is, that no con- sidanU»Bortiim of the people of Kentucky have evar .Ma extreme views m favor ofSlavery, whOa a vatT huge proportion of the people havewrought coBjUBCUon only measurtag a foot ta length, trol any can claim under a free con- weaker. In the second there has An Implement of about 40 pounds weight ta provided and vouched for ps true Japanese manufacture. In minority justly tively place, with of of it would makeis, nfottl ^Af * ftvitltin of seven htadrwl nUaa ofriver boider, to greater evils and losses than all thecountrysnppoeedentirely antagonistic.jeopardedth*rK«»aekyhas aUalongbaeoThepresentpoetnreoftheconnti^isthefruitof theirallegeaccotroloftheFederalGovernmentin ^braMapsoathaaihar,withasimilarresult meaa- ;—any threats, clamor or abuse, or entertained aandthat the South riionld claim nothing under theterpreted,posiUoiu taits abstract form and in the Democratic ernment so administered, that it shall enjoy the propelltagBourse, Parte, tern Dee. It, ta Deo. », WMed sny sense of alarm ormade use ofpublicll|bt,rejectingallpretexts,the sol-nlence,the ends of the straps ar*fastened tothelevied tba Mall Company by VASDaBSu.T,as a omi- uponaingU! tho«|^ of secession. She hasacted ygy imlwness, moderation and dignity ciMiW MX* niforraly relied upon the laws radnaar'.afaiiHt sucft as law could reach, and agatntth* lawleas pi«n>ptly redressedIwrta^gto thoae who did not approve her ways, to aniBB^ tbcir own, or choose their own remedy agt^ifC hlir. Codonbtedly she has had great cause tobatHwaHiCid undoubtedhrbar areTerritories,practi- greater influenceaaymotion to thestrap bygivesMoore,;lai*iMtfaa world to put np widi either injuries orA horss also msy ass kis weight ta glvtag this dould* adhesion, by ttapptag oa straps In a similarat ;SSWa5ffi!S|J^es 4't'ai^-74^;nor do powerful nationalitiesaad.«very gensiau taapnlsa ought to prompt thi;If a (annsr caaa machlaa forThta "~He"^of the other de*«t Slave States tothe Roman Empire a thousand years to die;buyaaymaning, however, vra haw a llitt* *haareturnedpaired offwlib a 8har-Insecurity:everythingleave them subject to a domination as intolerable to uponone generationhas differedfrom an-eoorallyrespected hta amongV MMonbtedly she woold be prompt to takenpwpv'uaiast any odds, when she thought nohoiw Was nft but in arms undoiditedly Wof the; in otherinig to such extremities as would oe justifiable il it beento Vm ease. A two-horse Implement oa was a " monopoly," and that was all the people acfount of a new musicalprodlgyrragidIb^VIMV-. 8toi7, 't«i jlC !t'*to•M^ih tkat kit all that haa come and gone,Constitation of the United prehension States, a Stave Torritiery.legiel liaving aftaMBBoreaaoD for the mlii of thefxWTMsoaThe pries of sonatructtag a lighter machine will, of ooursa, be eonslderahly less. The velocity ofyp y"""'PwrState by revi^tlon'or otherwise, «f* feHWaw h«TseIf to be fbreod into a posi- tion btal tothat the oU Malland that VairDsaaaT, therefore, had us at hta merer,tba ^hsolotton of fltethis newCompanywas about to dlssolv*^CbKicti 'iotmOt gave a naaidaoos caS to An*.the peo-posltton, eaa- Uat tbey are «aa4dertiw.lbe alapjprfenMHM aaM-Locn KoCB, q€ tbta dty.FROM CAUFORHIA.bold theseas ft firee ssd eepwt^ Oomaofi- bbrder Slave SlatesweakeningtkssMa-to enforce the laws in both re- daejeat intai^t in the country and in yon, could spects. That durmg periods of unusual excite-is tkat it is noforremedy anythingshould in such a revolt deliberately persistwho acted with one or the other of thoseon earth and I implore you, by our common blood and com-tagcnloos fiagers to order.Ipresent aspecttha aatded and deliberate conviction ofwould beif the North or the South wilhm a few years. The enormous mass of voters amongst men that highest of all human titles. I whlcl^ndtnot becanse of what tbe Jananase do merelysicaadr rairsbiaKentucky whatever, but tkat il ia itself the direst of all calamities. Ken-impossible,— have worn it as a crown allents. Those of the other two wer* from staplesproduce,ofbut wbat theirare; ntondaing anytiungRepublican,nothingwhole tavolce for their own use. snap up The sweet potatoeshoar Mr. Gobrkt aad hta Maad appeand « but SioBBASB not bslag Missaal, Ui asaaad,csm* on tbe and endeavored to ground,but disaster to the coun- ty,, to every aeceding State, and most especial-and connected with topicsth* serious the disadvantages sttendtagtbayour ^wnbut that the North will the of the openly defy powernation and permanently refuse to execute the Fugi-fully Iof parties in this country is very far from reveal' But still I love my countryly to herself, Irom the application of any such this Unionthat there is the utmostThe cutters, aad workinfplace.attbta tiaa taeremedy, whether by war, by revolution, by the that it will actiuire ultimately, perhaps speedily,way,a Continent ahead of the mammoths that we raise tamadness of political parties in their struggle forpower, that bas brought theperiloasoiden is not the breaking up of the Government,convinced of its peril, that itmay, by one mightypower requiredfrom It groundconsiderable,the ron-a finer article than the Irish mo*< of theidgbtlMSiS last, aad this momtag we have later advtoes, Aowfesg that the duel was a sham to all partiaa Oaa-countrycondition. Thetrueremedyforsuclidis-everycertain, the wise, manly, and successful alter-slipTo avoid such a result, not only is the Imple-pure mucilage without aayezaapt trick, ponnoad ops*ennaent eball allow the lawless conduct of poitien of the people to run info secession, or toduties of the States in theThe lives of traitors ought tr, much leas against the very existence of the na-always is,applyingitconstantlyacUoaton, Mass.JoBK Hooxs, a native of Ireland, aged tS yean, aline,Hill, ta Bodega Township, between Hcea Wkav aad Dm Woods, wblch restuted ta the death of the for-every reflectingbased. On the oilierwas almost uni- immense majoritymonopolythe Commission to tato land claiaa inqulncom- people always bean, that•Geo.prefaningta a short time, the town wasTick,uniformlythem for- Mailthemselves,ita present agitated state. The Usue to;Hoppln, Mrs. Hoppln.people theclaim that the Supreme Court has decided that State. What seems to me clear at present is, thatevery slaveholder has the constitutional right to no such violation of either of these conditions hastake slaves mto every Territory, and neither Con- y«t occurred as to justify either party in proceed- maaasr—soma modlllcatlon of the hand machine hire teation, neglect, or runntag taeompetent stilps. It gress nor theand who- 'peopleTerritory haveanv words, that everyAnd itadaptsd;ov^ puU hsr to that extremity, will aee power preventand makenone Union, for themonstrousand ing , Moreover,the and highestall^ parties eon-the cutttag kslrea obtained byprtaelplsher fy the fanaticism of a portion ofiS?J^l" 'i »•" *'•«'>• »°d the passions of a por- meanUme thevriththe aooi faitb, and forbearance. But suppose the ae«fi, will give the larger proportion of farmers who and ta all respects regard merely hta own intoreat, tabonvstthbteaaweharganoxtSabbBtt. T^isa*-'';her forof Kansas, has had probablythan other, both upon the anytata by •icesstve weight, la the manner befor*theto done so. What Tenitory^^le,thU theclear that thecoantry,The AUao-atnat naabftHtafc'"' '^^O"*- OCthefifteen Slave Bepublicanperhaps theto the eomfort and event U the history of thta down-torn eon- taan^ntsuccess was looked upon asw ss a pobUc calamity even by thoss who had been loudest in coademaattaopeoplewhatever course of actionfour:borderStates. Andtheselonrgreatstatesare hound I'v the hii^hest cooaidefatioas, both ofI ioi ism and of interest, to throWtMr united weighta^jainst all sudden, rash and nneonatitutional ac- Court makesthe Hebrew has smvived through sll gl}, which will save hta hiring two msa, the eeanoay hops. A raaaar »» iptoadiag ttaeif (I knowextremity, iadisapproved by these trine of the Democraticpat-sppearednationality notTo rend a nation in twain ta a far mors terrible builder* of agricultural mschinsry hare altaady v-'i^.'JJfSiv"^ ••?** Co«»aaraoMoutto phta.aadwhile almost the entire Soath beliavea fad ctainawoist cornea, to aecnra for themielvea a position that all the national Tairiloilia ue alave br WtbaiJnuieBatioBaUtTUkeBttn,saibatiMMa;aa«lta*tion on the part of the Slave States, and, if theKeatadrr aad tte Dlawlvttoa of the compstibls at ooca with their honor, their freedom that Constitutinont. evTehne ^jlapota is sotarged,taawar. or the device n'eaasyoarAaHawaltawas to and in no tier of 1,600 miles. And for what reason f Andceded. For if she remains in the Union, she cannot' there ta a practical force in it competent to savscarry on the foreign Slave-trade, and unless she can the countiT by anna, whenever taw ta ailent andScare—A Geanlae UerasaU—Bar. IbwI HiliiMaad tta enreamea. I laeloss sa aitiela data laaevercomplainthateitherofyou forwhosebenefitfla aagsaiam gisinow find youraelf in a position euin^^atedontll you in-The incaliarij to the people of Keatacky. I know yon teOI atell Aat every one of them haa the right toof the nation ought to be treated with more scrup- dred millionsair, fill np tha spaces between ths braacbes, andglva'"- -^ >me aaftatad tbatthese noble tefiectkms—yn by tkaai, in a manner at once earnest and con-IbatpUtf,tbairiUstioy compromised, yourself Ufwbuiue and carried away by events and parties ; bat Aat they expect and deaire that, let what may come, you abouid ao counsel and act that Ken-it to thebut in the former case the lack of powerof Its beneficent and irresistibleexerctae, myveryiHf^jpiaa'to yonwarningsible tomischiefin the Federal Government results from the very nature of our institutions—and its intolerable abuse of power in the latter case would necessarily be followed by the universal arming of all the Slave States. The real difficulty does not lie in any such grounds as these,nor is its remedy in anything thatVicky maypart,—like manner those great questions of the renditionor, what ia worst of all, break up the Union and fight it out afterwards. As a Southern man I deplored, and still deplore, the of thehas been securedance ofyour peopledo not you to allow expectthe subject cannot fail to be exerted in some man-ner to ctaimanta. But so satisfactory opposingtion that such a destiny Is reserved for my people,Tbe bnstaess men drift their abarperpartprevent their emsnci- pation as soon sa the toritory becomes a State.toBas Faaaenso, Friday, Deo. SS, ISSt. We are in the mUst of the holidays ; the gro- ceries, the marksts, the stieeta are grsea with theWgjtojnrtgeaeatetoador evilto thewhole naUon,scarcely lence,upona topis which has been bmiHsrtoon the other hand, any portion of the South will every drop of it would be an eternaldeem it a sufficient reaaoa to secede, that more sgainst our folly Istaves msy be imported from Africa, and new For my part, I am not ashamed to confess tha yitles gtvs forth thstr fragraaee. The (Anrehss sieotherlopiesatpiwag,anfiaetionsates^Jawalre,increase all the every one since the first settlantent of this Oonti- which rest upon you to ncBt, aw qoealions which this geBetation wiU havs Onttury responsibilities and add new to answer to generations which are (o coma. ThefeilM' to tbat of any other person, the very hihgest degree,which can addraaatestimonyboughs of evergreenstobe and tohtlongwaras, by virtueJapan, exh'liolbllada^thispolitical treatment dfSlavery,and thepres- tieinteresU of the If not the Slavery— reprasaionSmOt under-Whlta ths first strap haa been drawn back a coiled bysaiiB^.Tehaaataree ia tba beadsofhigTiee-PiwUsBt BneUnridgs: tions'ia tha meral force, enter into all warfare, and,ttaa. W« beta daaUadtha tuBtr allndodto may fMva Is be wall taamttLloyalpeople —seventy years,expounding commentingseveral times the otherwiseto draw it, and stOl further obstruct itsdrivtag the spiked wheels tato the ground, and ta thereby giving them a jarring and unsteady motion. Therefore the aid of the horse ta called ta power will not answer for even the lightest work.'The remedy vrs shall briefly describe is soan to direct to analttag opportunity goIn like manner the border rrte not settled,B most calamilooaj|iKMCnred. This is' *evart» greatly and caaand thdrBUtea, New-Jmaej, Paaiisylvania, Ohio. Indians, lUlnolaaod Io4njI oagM It re«tombirttat theirof 'arr*«»e prottmcted, caaaSarl^Evauempt-; progreaa oC aocWy. But ia pitfibelppniMbflttlr Uncb » taae as oai», fki filBaMn^te Hftt* --" —^"- Jhfibeaewtba '"to trtbanaUthat multitudea of conaidBratlODs, besides nu- men weia warranted in;'b^»osin|P'tbat greatna-blMMltaf Letter ftoA In. Sr. BraeUoridge ti borders are a» aneh exposed as oars, and poiltlcslnothing ao s— as tS* mMail4lat». supertDOoa,By what blindness and by what violence of po-do that she cannot profitably send slaves enough arms are the It ta horrible to reflect into only remedy.wUeh th*BuOtlm, expresses trueseatuaeatofoarlitical parties, byWhatincompetence of publicquestionsweshooldanswertoouitslvasare,SlaveTerritoriesformed, eitherhalftheStave depthofmyloivefor wholecountry,andthe myleddsat of aa odor Oat I n*ver whlAd ta the At-sorttoltanfBigoodssBtaBJawrVbabeildayaaiaaathe overthrow of the Federal Government. It msy be possible that Government can neverour peoptea srouilad nhave vrisMlUud thba aaaa-do all that needs to be done;it be may pos-ulous fsiiness. If ever such a and such a' temperof such a sity juston earth, andthepower majestyhe llliutoa by daserlhiag at laaglh theprocessofatsaotaetaibtg ,staled that many yean ago a ahlpwr-s^c*ked sa^Oa-r,pervert ;doingas becomes her, for the can be done touching such aspects of the case. In;what is worse, to fight it out over the ruins of the friends was a part of the coat by which ail attetloneer, forever sacrificing, aad forever gettingdo hersaMPaadgloryofthewhole andthatwhentheirorat comes she may live or die according to herown free and aeparate sense of her duty and her aa the Constitution and laws of Congress can settle honor. Nor ia there one among them all, who, them, and it remains for the legal tribunals and theof slavea by the North and of the fugitive foreignmyposterityappertains people.Slave-trade at the South, are finally settled so farrepealsuch aFranciscans areperfect/oeauthoritythan mysell addreaa to words of ment those laws, both beTerritories has been made to assume in our na- done anything I could have done for her son ta, that there are such squadrons of bachelors specimen now here, far from a " thtag of bnoty." honor,youI and of hope, and urge npon you consid- connected alike with fame andth* giory of your country, whose due weight maybe overlooked amidst the violence easily pasdonateyt/tidL to all calm men seems to prevail at Wash- t to tbe diaaolntion of the American Union—touchmg subjects, may imperfectly administered, is extremely probableeriyher interest, or her she knows how here ; men who have no families to provide with «j«- But the Japanese are sending us, aot only tasaejoy- of service. still I amagainstthe Constitution ana laws, if at the same time the and the greater part of whom are now acting with— tocfcynever had any existence as a Common- Federal Administration should be too feeble or too the Republican or the Democratic Party are tarwealth, except as one of the States of the Ameri- timid to coerce obedience. But surely no such from being committed so permanently to either thatcaa.Union. Sheneverhadadisloyal thought to- revolt either North or South, and no such imbecil- it can be with certainty what course— predicted theywaida that Union or towards sny sister State; ity in the Federal Government as justifies the will take if matters come to the worst. Moreover,overthrow of our national institutions, can be al- there are very few States in the Union in whichmy daysalM aavar lor one inatant desired to enlarge herand rebuke, that you shall bear that title proudly,long after my gray hairs an under the green sod. seed oil, peas, pears, tobacco, istagtass, rice and deavor to exclude the and-Lecomptoiltes from lb*— aider the Federal Constitution li^ta —sweet potatoes. The rane-seed oil ta of superiorDemocretteeaneos. ThsAntisareledbyJoaaOar-If the minds of men wereolten th^ equal righu nnder that Constitution. the reaults that must follow the dissolution of of the most important political questionsorto exer- ciseavyofthoserightsoffensively ortodenytothere is such aa decided and constant majority upon either sideBOBRtT J. BBICEUreiDGJC. Bbidaldaitx, Ky., Jan. 9, 1860.BCEENTIfIC MOTBS. ImyiwredAgrlenltaimlSfaehtaery.WImiIIj tmable to comprehend howifltaicat of any State to secede &om the I' .Imiw the tight to secede can be consideithioa else bot purely revolutionary • s. Bodung in the pant conduct of the Federal Gov- ernment to justify secession if it were a constitu- tiosal remedy nothing in the aspect of the timesis more common in of the States manyit cat} be to thethe It Union,aeems of belief that ade- impossiblenothingthan sudden andEven with the certainty that every slaveits security as connected with its slaves, there aretopics connected with the time and manner of thaton >- .motives for such an act could be found ineqnalOn tbe 28th Decembsr, Q. K. Oesnsr reestvad a chslleagebumWn.B.BroaaaaB,ofFraaebOsrt^ through tke heads of "^"i"" Lan, Us afor the honUe preUmmarles BoaOagw— orany- !>eosto the best and very thin, the10 exist.or if their thoughts would be directed steadily tounityof sentiment, as to insure evenlegedcalm,aad ablepledged to Wauaa, and who will give the T nnmaiitaaqnaterevolutions ingreat opinion.theI knowanddeliberateof thesethat the settled doctrinesment administered by to its present first of all, that, itthem.over theUks adrug stores, and withoutTtie seems like a Istagtassanymusttaess ofanyroughened spikes projections can be atexisting it isany allegedquestions. great partyperfectState will resist with arms any interference withOne of tha mostlisvs, usstiil inventions of Its ktad, ta a plan recsntlr lirought out, of applying powsr to agrioultaral andptamp, Tour but for preserves or for stew-native wouldpelled.;probabilityopinionsuch consid erations ought to warn the most up- sadpartsof mowsrs, rsapars,of the Carottaas—which, tha byar* ths of Widthatate ofpurposesas ssooadwaa 8 o'clock oa Ibewas called formerlyby party,subjectTo this let me say,snd thewheel wouldnsr, snd the attached machinery would net be pro-ofthatin theflashyClat SmcxtosOaa-Nortb, whichis now calledof an organized and fanatical crusade against the institution of Slavery as it exists in fifteen States ofdrive others into it.not to weigh a feather against the peace or securi- without arms or with arms, more powerful in the and all Congressional discussion of that point is asto the That ia to adhere ground. saya frame- Ughtwhichtinctive in our present nationality, and in all our them as it could be offensive to us. But this is an other, one party from another, one class of states-lectnrtogcountrywhich hehasman of property, and gat the hands of who arrestedfromcould hardly fail to end in the permanent estab- in this country for many years past is not credita- to which interpretations of it are entitled, whether;lishment, for the whole country, of just what our ble to us and their ;posture is such, that no those interpretations are made by one or other De-partment of the Government. No doubt, of late years, the tendency of opinion has been to attribute far more sacredness to judicial interpretations thansimple and effective, and so tnily philosophical, as i disposed of.fathers established Irom 1776 to 1789.But afterpresentone can foretell what a single year will bring forth.to a presentcontrastThe animal that propetaIt would be to amusingyour people, who know justhta arrest. Deceased was a maa of haMts. dissipatedto a still more ex- Union, treme suggestion. The.history of political partiesmen, judges,lawyers,auolher,as to theMmtbe nlgbt breach of the peace; pends on the rapidity with which the late taroices are but the Coroner's Ju ry found that deadi resialted baastatement, responsiveour shipptag fur flesh cargoes of de- policemenmust have the permanent control of the Federal Government ; and the wide conviction ofbynature with sufficiently, theythe North, that the whole Government has been for somewa* ta four dlfcrent ta stsbbed place*the Slave States dictatedand the wholethe cottonnear tothewith allStates, bypolicycommitted to await a trial for murder.castingStale temporarily into the Bepublican ranka. It would be an abuse of the Federal power, not lessloyaltyforms ofof security to the whole slave frontier tcithim the believed that this was done, and the rise and ex- political questions questions which never can heat his power through the mediom of the ground, bysurely be sent. And then a third41k* a Mercury, flitted ky—a rumor that Wxus, F.uao * Co. only needed to be hindered a llttta ta tlisir course to atwill be Interested ta teat Haass, ta tbe hearing JudgeUshailery by the systematic use of it;and theNorth hassociety,the —all-pervaaing questionsareUnion, both as it sou bounds to the passions of demands, and in all its temperate utterances, a at the formation of the Federal Constitutionalready project-of Hoi»- Jndgsnow sufficient number of the States of the North to the Slave States are in a minority, their whole make the rights and interests of the Slave Sutes poputation is a minority, and that minority both KentBckjr is throngh choice a SUve SUte. perfectly secure in the Union. This is all the con- of States and people U steadily becoming rela-a man ean almost doed, further and farther west towards theby the Supreme Court, the decisionHAS ta the claim of SHzsxniCXto lands onman, and as it enables na to pnnish men;weight,the work of a horse eass propel a mower, for Instance,by publichscanwith which will do theor wlthtatheUmitaofthetown,ta anywheredue war.passes. Wehaveagenutaemermaidatlast altttlemouldythtag, half mcnkey and half fish. In her curiously-policy yearssurplusrequired for locomotioD,States,ofverytbs and Ught Implemeat necsssary,propel ths ma-of intolerableAbolitionist, andappeartosupposedTbe deceased was 34 years old, and a native of Bos-me to befaithful, to the Constitution even if they were the it,smaller number— lor the South to withdraw and There may be topics, and th4y notaeddeatalty.to thebeen it, onof the Generalpowerwonld but slightly tax it. If the horse could only drag ed condoltag with that firm on their comtag melan- neighborhood,wooads ha la a ezpuaddictatedof the Slaveven-ta Ibat finish- took chugs of tha prisaser, whs washas come every Northerncholy misfortunes, when VxsBiiBai should controlWjmasent condition of the BepreaeutathrBaof tha people tkal eztioetlaa ef which is the wWi^rtag ta the drum, which, (the drum,)as U windsupchargedby the Company, and made necessary,List of Americans registered at the Banking Of-bypossible forget that it was made for us, not we for it ;betag;tional politics.It must be borne In mind that theglory,would redeem that lackyw articles, and to spend thdr cash they must tadulge monkey -fish, but quatat fumttnre aad tebte ware. The recent arrivals bring targe qaanttttas of raa»-and, both towards the national and otir State Governments, let us remember that the highest of all loyalty is to society itself, which is atrocious certainly^ to extend than to curtail Slav- sbove every form it can possibly put on. Under allto t"m OTtgvakottyofaaoat ,^. ,o(dwotd&m pi^raBtaa,irboihwae»parMeeeaHMtto such a land and As for the South, taken In its Hirsouri Compromise as a great political error, pre- widest sense, God hss cast my lot there, and IsawsuchpeoptaforbuytagfancygoodsastheseSsaofherlervatioa wassthosmade tothe founders of thewe witness such fierce debates as to the true senseadhesion, and with such ahim largeover thatthat the simple driving of the cuttars or working parts,thatRepublicweight to giveofyesterdaymer. WiuTthe left breast, from whichof the Dred Scott decision. With alleration for the Federal Constitution, we are not toempty. have,chtaery,but for thesimple purposeadhesion',mlssloniryallowed and therefore ;stitution; and this is never lost under such a consti- occurred a prodigious change in the value of any the common forms of cutters, which are one your Nassau-street bar-roomsa fortune for some smart veadar of brandy-smashestution, except by gross mismanagement. If, there- slaves and of the product of their labor, as impellsd bom a msvtag or power Aaft. On this and gta-cocktail*. _ ei,AUCUS.Mrs. Prancat H. St. Clair, who recently died 1b Hamilton, Ohio, was the widow of Arthur it. Clair, Bsq., one of the first attorneys who settled ta Ctada- natL Gen. St. Clair, who was Governor of tha Nottb- weit Territory, was the tather of her boabaad. Fastfore, there is a foregone conclusion to break up the well as in the state of public opinion on the diaft ars two small drums, which, when they are re- confederacy, the alleged tenor of the Bepublican subicct of Slavery itself. At the formation of the rolred ta one direction, rotate ths shaft by means of a Party will answer as a pretext ; but Kentucky Federal Constitution, there was no particular hos- ratchet, but ally loosely on the shaft, wlthoBt movingdreads no party, and will use no such pretext, but tility to Slavery in one section above ansther, and It,From Another Ceneapaadeat.Sai Fsasoisoo, Friday, Dec 23, 1859.whenwill make any party in power respect her rights. no particular zeal for its extension and ita perpet- each of the dromi mores forward half the time, andBli^a States which have no free frontier put to- in the Lower House of Oongreas, is a most offisn- aianda them aa aeklDg. Kow, looking at the mat- the strap, moves looselr upon iha eliaft. For conrs- to a certata extent, by tbe enormous contributioas fice of Lissras, BALBVm * Ce., No, S Ptaes da lagether; yet she has never for a mpment manifest-sive ment.of thethepowerof each detemune;regulate for them- spireof sacredbaUamactiag, na ta Wm.W.'selvesthequestion ofIa ingto actwithmutualjustice,if ao laWntlon, practicaldUBcultles arise, as yetpaasagee, prJ«awaUbaaaacaptedtbaean.aadWinbsgiaVb-''symptomhealthunder that treat-ter in thisitary condition which ean satisfy the North, is man's feet by a sort of allpcwr. H* does not impart ditlon of not running a ruinous opposition, ware vehrThe question of Slavery In the<=;Uy, developed as that question was in the caseKxv-xoai.E.I>aBgias WiiB.John O. Loapas as nvAaia.P. Pean GaskelL BBOss isiun.presentpolitical parties, and in bringing the public mind tode- scribed. Nor does the man place himself ta uimaturslthe fact that theex- N. Sarooy aad wife, B.JuesUohnas beenarty brought is this side:the people of the South very believ. generaUy andsame and ofPcrUns, Shcpaid,people toth* gearing aow u*ed ta theTraction Hachinss. Thla to what rates h* seaWanbw toaii 4S|f,"the po- litical creed of tb^ Opposition to demand of Con-and cradles, and who aevsr woold hav* atlike the flower of tha grass. It took pr«B*Dt prioea, thta taveatloa ta Ukely to piovs of tlds of taualgtaBan to our shores.Hon. J. J. Jonea, the Bepresentative in Ifrom tha ElgMh Congressiaaal iHsbtet of Obdrgta,a stave co<taj for the Territoriessame rejioD nonintervention by Congress, exceptfade in aday,gressforbear in if at all, has to be the"The result isthe entire Ifortk r*|mdlatea,'and nnder exlstiar circumstsnces wHl ooBtlmie to repudiate, the ideathe possible fortune of four thousand years. of <he operatioB is very evident, goms of ths best whaaoaltoomaaorwbattto lotbaeSbct baadatiaa)that thebe moreall the Bational Tsnitories stave, than that Stavery cannot be perpetuated on thta»J' "P«li*tbaa^bnaatepeo ro«te. There aerma to . aoma reaaon ta forthat on onepeace, securityequalityrightsth«y ovarlooked the fact that ta some twelve years of service the Paclflc Mall Steamship Company never lost a trip or sacriflced a lite through careless inat-Thos.J. SailnBan,which thethe implement by leantag against anotherin the iMtwecn ita faandlci, and works at the greatest arraagement to Insure prompt and safe passagesassert for most iateiests Territory constitutional enduringaadNewaU,er Syraenaa.andwith themtheirobligations,bind-fit, carryParty.thatMiaaatfa*. ^Federal ConatttntiOD or theSupreme£riotceemdaolre Nothing can struggle.certain sblesuoossa. 'J>a tUs,Slavery.,Constitutiondistasteful to ourand so the accommodations of thewhich that Constitution, fairly in- did not slways secure to her. And condition of the solitary condition which can satisfy the vkal necessities of every Slave State is, that the Constitution shall be so interpreted, and the Gov-people got entirely superior;mass^ofstrap Union, which it would enjoy If it were a Free sdvantags.tiad occurred.is impendingthe nsw chose to know,of Andrew—whs plays a doxen tunas nn ths.ilillnilatii 'ta Jme ~-of aaOn the other side, the of either party, cannot juetiiy any irregular, muchany further than these stateaaents sa untrue be necessary and effectual to prevent that impend-capacity.extreme and these claims as viotation.^J^^^^ ^"^ A* 't* dedd^ly repudiate^"'^ less '"T generally and anyproceeding,mayParty,8tatei(if nnanhnously, sssert that Congress has comnlets dominant party at the North to have already vio- now cannot afford them,of without theequallyviolation of theap- theoldplaa, weighsfrom 790 to 000pouaita,theIt is aitonlshing what a remlslon followed the an- nonncement that these pnyers had been answered—old,daughterslightest regardiwjwa».e»n properly be so considered,) the eleven power to exclude Slavery from all the Territories lated beyond endurance the solitary condition with machtaery- It ta not poiMlble, of coorss, that aay vcLleBoe of the traveling community. Tasbxsuu'i 'Thefiiendaof theBev. Dr. Winalow, of-StatoaSS121*'" ZZ^J^JT^'J^'"'»tlTMKentuckyhave, as« thousand times i^„^t^ ?L J^P'**"' *«» «'» »»». sod wiU notand deaire this power to bo exercised in every caae'great advantages which the safety of the South allows her to be sat- boras or hand Imptementa caa oompars with steam,to know tbat Ibe aaven atlaek^^^Jt^.^^'r^'^^^SSSS'^is.d^ivss'o^lv°e"d,iI'l'H.P«« °C berp«>rilif the and the right of what the of thewill beof pleortay, from which bs has snCwed slaaalteaata)l,hasnassedafavorabtacrtata,anditta bapadba WlU be able to resume hta dnttas b> a Ibw vraaks.Union tnckv,asdliissooi . .greaterpartSouthit toprairievaatags this machta* U tatendad to obviate, for ta tliabest ptaBj, the adhsslon of tke steam karte oaly ta r*-driving so powerful a Company oQt ef ths field, no other woold evar b* found to djaanto with him flie ezelnstva^^^.'^'^^i^l^^^^ni^f:^ annoyance, and are to bethe Court. In the SupremeBev. of Dr. Hawe^Hartford, devoted UaSo*-,as it has been in several.even then, it ta the furthest possible from ml^rgt teal: Its cheap and ontirtag actton adaptblfnd,pleasedAhnost the entire North directly arrayed against both the factisfied ;is thereforeasserts is one law of the iilhd under the decision oftrue that the secession of a portion of the Slave Statea, or the disruption of the Union on the slsve line, is a necessary, a wise, or even an al- lowable alternative. It is true the States are sov- erelgn Sutes, But it is squally true that the na-of the old Company. Tbare was a oouatries. And it has not ths primary disad- UoB that, if TaxnaLsiu had sBoeeeded taSouth, itself, however 'singular development of opinion. It has. been atfompted In Kentucky anddoc-day discourse, Jan. IS, to a blast eveatagthere is a further and—Great nations cannot suddenly disappesr liks aBat (or the smaUar tanner* th* especiallysteamshiptiads betweenCalUbrata sad the Satt;the nse of which be ascood to that ofas an evilother Southern States to make it a of partand so we wan taft vrttboat ef hopefhtare com- ai«mtantadgleam ofwhile in thebeingall farms of considerable extant, ta sepeelallygeneral convle-tion is a nation cloud of insectsthe American people a people.qulrsd.suBb«rl*aa tbonsaods who have no machla*ry butbaoco,regardedI,wj4grtuxtnhowoAentheyihtgMlettMti^hrsaewyi,ngwood,Ae.Iatal^^iilJHRrdbBstmsteilan mCeaetgersausea.vroTaMadslavMeaatha CaUiisalaWkoHjudidhljaatf pdWle nation b » nataalropbe. tfe -jAijltas oPirhith reDoeraofmatataiatagP<Ji3Bal eceite«|nt XMstsMabove all, iato bolder war. So that on believed any more in tba InfalUMity of iodifles, prodaeenothingmoreeertrfdythanthetotaldelHt obvtaletbeb one to lbs sMwUbat TAaaasaaa^aa ^Ibe^atswnhicrhetalsr.sa4 afaoatloeslaMlskUsss»4B-lawiaIbaBafrassMat-rnmlttLnirnUtJMn—l. Free ihem, with reference to the numerousoU ajtha, nets betwaca hare aad Ifsw-Teck. with vlaw lahighestluUonofbotbtbepart%BndaMeirfof wifeh eaa frei* J ta ttaspreseat wack,did in therests the doty and the right oi or Popes. Even If the decision of the Supreme °*t<— tion of of the Union to tlie SBxnxBt ofthsntheyinliilllbnityofSenators,Sngs, oftheavowedobjectofluperpetration. Thefirm machinesarseolo-ecaskmed.byanyehaageta FABse* lalareaaafw tkta oaUbrm moUon wUl bteaktag dowa Waus, Oa,promiaes iiiiBpta a maeUneiy. oMaUlac dl-them,Slavery, on the free sides of the line, just as it resu what was decided, and so cogent that no man extremity, woold soon put an end to aU necessity Tbe new chsta-pewer bas the advaatags of nSbnl- Co. satlelpate aooelUng of Ms mt, Ami Ma «tatwlih the border Slave States onthe other »we.It willashiralattain to tha fUl nse oflhslrBnueatarmaybe confidentlyso.tending DaUoo,sixborderFreeStatesandth«»e»"beenamiracleifthadecisioahadsettled tUsideaof sny po-the ittathetraitoroua we only by deayinglhatwe<ght.The tiiventar of Che above arrsagsaisnt ta Mr. mill tt caa b* doae. Ofooonaforce they permitand themselves thrown into adlatinction ofendlessmutualhostility,alongacommonfron-aanwasimsaawebaMMtM ta*'e«P«"?''''°/"'H"j?i;'*Jf,,'2i''glorious nationality,givesserve its lasting contempt, if, with their centralthe Ovtrlsad maU stage leave* here-ia«laa4litical question. Its main effect was obliged to be oftheideaof our—let the decision be what Itall parties, and to render sny peaceful adjustmsnt escapeofany aspect of the slave question, far more diffi-cultthanbefore.Intrath,thewhich the Sonth she has supposesofno value,evenifitwere practicalpeople sayiMBts would be made twte* asssak—scarafHWdoingIn the res- Con^itatioqal right .toration of that great ktsa there ta a mor^ foreaanynstionsUty.competent to save the ceiutry by ordinary means,ifthereta this. Or, not,BT OTSRI.Ain> HAIL.Jaraa U tbe Kaikea-Tba TaaderUM '"^'II'lS^ Tehnaatepecbecon- eveninsuchacristaas^ooSSZ - route s-b—o-a—M b—e f"a-Gable, &eu See* anyterritorywepossess—normastersenough thatthechildrenoftheBevolutionmightbeobliged OwiiijMSitenetqfOuITew-Torkllsu*.shed each other's blood. How much mote hor- rible to shed it in such a manner that oceans of it experiment Kansasta surely decisive. If, couldneverrestorewhatwehaddestroyed,whltaOM* tlM most affectingthonarivea to a true heart. Evaiy man and In what manner may that difficnlty be sur- secede and a confederacy of all the Slave Statee ness every attempt to weaken amongst the people Atlantie Statea,—It tasnss from a shrab which looksla this nation still more every man in the mounted T If certain people of the North come U formed, that confederacy cannot be expected the sense of what we owe to the mother of us all very much like your barberry or caadtaberry. Tke to stnd Amcriesa tfcsigiu for Auattma osar ta tta Oommonwealth which has so aignally honored feloniously among the people of the South, and to allow the African Stave-trade to be renew- No people ever did anything glorious who did not peculiar aroma at first b that of the bayberry, but Japanese, to be wroa^ oat by flw skUl sf IyoQ,willponderjaatIn the degree ;other people, even in great numbers, glorify the aind the power of the General Government over who did not love their coantry. Whealtefleetontheae thingaare put to death for their crimes and then if ed. With regard to Stavery in the Territories believe in God, who vrere not ulthfut to oaths, andoloas behiad U cosMS a fatal sm^ ss ofctaaamoa—what is the precise nature ajT the difficnlty itow,States will not secede for that reason—or, If all mbgled aonow and indignation with which I wit-Bsaklagtsg*«heTasaostdaUeioasperfume.Withly,butsOllcomblatageoaoahofthsvroaanaMtha ash ta her proporUous and featnreato aAfd'lic and emphatic manner, declared to be full of me that the very most fiitile of all proposals snd forbearing conduct waa more impera- ment of the human raceperil to the whole American people, and most pe- against such dangers and such annoyances ia tively commanded—none with regard to which our position and our influence amongst the na- roses, geranium* aad fuchsias, all growa ta the opea ionary, who lectured bam last night. It U quite aafethattheyaxpaetorhc^anythingfromyou,Inthla deadfelonsas buttakecarenottocom-thesubject,therenevercouldbeanysub-whatGodhaa martyrs,doneforaaaM^ Whteh yon have yourself, in the moat pub- mit sny overt act and be hung; It aeema to ject concerning which wise, just, moderate, denary na for hta own glory and for the advance- Oils shrub the pQlars of lbs churches, the gas pipes datloa for many a;the opposing interests of the two great divisions tions ef the earth must be when we become a hun-I'to say that -"— —as on one side or the parties,other,seekofadvertisement,tatoholiday gifta ; holidayfonl-sltanhl^lbs Wart aniUm oC arefreshing Hatut of new taventions. the maehtae ta providedto thegeneralsdliealon.Bat staee the horse must hav* adhesioata* tbat Jury;a Jxaj appearance to the room. .Everybody observes tbs holidays,gr^aadeome away qaba Ibsyalreadyna,andalreadythat such a refiige and inheritimce is kept in store by every, for man. I thank God continually that the dust ofcast ashore tahad jTiit fstrrir^ttiltuieeminently injurious to the South. As an Amencan have been loyal to her the more that I boxes, caskcta and toys, jewelry, Washoe silver ser- rtetrhveiartbieosat efforts; snd tae result ta tbat tbiy basa; all. loyal,citizen I deplore the fearfully undue importance have been neither blind to her errors, nor ignorant anythtag__ novelty struottoa of nwrmalds soch as wonU be "a }«f4gr- which the control by Congress over Slavery in the of her perils. As for Kentucky, if I have Jeft un- beauty, goes like hot cakes. Probably the rea- ever" to Buinia, though, if wa may judge fiaai taative Slave and that the South will act in a inff the real state of nublic oninion UDOn anv new an American citizen. And Ilaw, ing public opinion upon any deny,withsimilar manner with respect to the foreign Slave- and exciting question which may suddenly arise. lifted hands, the right of any Court, any wltbta two days, loaded with Japanese goods. Th* moth chtsmuts, peas, copper wan aad f iilllsasbtrade, is what no man is justified in asserting. I We have seen two great national parties—the old President, any Congress, sny State, any combina- cargo of one of these was exclusively fancy ware, That vre might nave a proatabta coameree wi'h J^admit that the permanent continuation of the Union Wbi| and the American—completely dUorganiied tion of States under heaven, to abolish fromits marketta.the demand for holiday pres-pan ta evident, if tbe country were once fidrty opeaad,itselftrade, for example) on which the most d«ennined difference of iias manifested itself. Whiledrives from afbimation of new confederacies, or by the seces- controlling influence over every Department of the right and sagacious public men of the great dan- wheel which carries the prlaclpsl wet^t of the iia- California. The chesmuta cams overa to atbp' *sioB of individual States. As far as she can un-dent)^, it is msinlr the unruly paasions of un- riaaaOBabla men, and the violent assertion of do-are in ofcannot, consistent with honor, with prudence, or and ought to terrify such as are unscrupulons,packed ta dirt, plsment, and is itself rotated by Its adhesion upon as sound and fresh aa If just gathered. They are al-the ground, as the Implement Is drawn forward. most tbe size of the hoTsechestont, ana as sweet as was-ihen prsvented from farther iaiertolag by aoasa our Eastern chestaut—betag very tolerable eat- of the bystanders, snd the duel wss proceeded wiCL Now, if the weight upon thta whscl wsre very Ught, tag, even while uncooked. The seaweed was At the fust lire Lsvi fell, wounded. Ths foregeiacfaioiM^^or, to say the least, extreme rights—and the trolled such a orto a (Govern- tion may he sound, and that it only needs to bewss to the Pressor thta dty telegrapbedFederal Government, and that the Slave States ger theydeceived bv clamor, partyJudgebeingwith safety, continue members of a Union con- they teach us that, after all, the heart of the na-word were true and outburst of enthusiasm, crush party patriotic everysleighflavor.that has trifled with its convictions, and over- not the dissolution of the whelm every public man that has betrayed it.doubt, that the united and the of immaterial whether the institution of South, minority fectlytheIjvi and pommeled him so severely that tba advieabe,Union, but the recovery of the country by force Concerningment Itself made very heavy, but the driver adds hisof a surgeon was found to be necessaiy, after alL Ifthis mode of ponrtag contempt upon the doatlo oonUbe made effectual la tlie oods to eh- only consigntaglirion, It would tie well.The dead body ol Wtu.iAK Fismi, a rssideat atManhattan Bar, on the Nortli Fork of the Amarteaabut the dne enforcement of the lawsity will execrate to the end of time whatever Gov- if necessary, from those who shall nave sub- under the Fraeral Constitution, and the rights and;andposter-therctations ofGreat are entertained that hopesJapan will yet fur-Slavery verted its Constitution. Nor can there be any Slave Union, it is per-the North will be always, and to every intent, slavery, as it exists in tliis country, is good or bad:for which theseand improvement upon our present supply.Union, than the united Southevercanbeoutofit.irrelevant as it is ordinarily a written Constitution, andws requisite powerwho taft—much less the divided—work Is amply sufficient to carry the working ma-River,of rockFork. His hat and gun were found on the top of tha rock. Itwas thatbefelloverpoliticalvralgbt to It, and the tread' of the wheel Itself Is ta nish us a cheap and constant supply of some of themost cases with or like articles above enumerated, of a better quality thanSlavery(tbeStave-great weight, aad consequent propulsive powsr ordlnsrUy required.—on betag roastedparties;Japan—the first that ever have beenmsnufactnrtag TheearrespondeauanbaglaBiagWe live underfor more thanRev. Mr. Gosui, the Baptistyour City on the 5th of November by the Baitie, still remains ta San Francisco, with his wife and child,turns the time ol his tarry here toopposite New-EnglandBar, on Ihs North;^ndquality;rusty-coated, heavyitea some trouMe If they corner.attemptla crowabbalats anegroa steamer's paddles, so that it shall more firmlyproduced home. At the best it is thought that our ranches may be made to grow some articles;cargoes furnisl^ the seed, with profitwasbear for yoo, and all the hopes they chertah con-cerning you, so to in this of trial quityourself dayThs quit ntme* anticipate that tbe battto ovar tbatiUing machines,areordtaarllypotthe proceedings, snd banh words aal mows p( betwten the snd H. Cut StooxiaB. "naJiingenious, novel, and,shapedlike anapple.do it fairly, truly—and the Republican Party will ance with the public conscience. The question of pelltag the Implemeat aad drivtag Its machtaery, of fetehtag the dust and crystata down from the moun- wlthta the limita of Pueblo towns or vOtagas, thatshrink at once to the comparatively insignificant Slavery as it relates to the nation, falls under theseconsiderations in a remarkable manner,fenerain the firstbus, place. Slaverylook for sslvatton from the rule of tbs threatened anyfaction of radical whom Abolitionists, uponit was originally band, the unitedmassst T apparmhis under considerationArtieto It ofthe act aat~'The Opiertand Mail, srrivmg here on TuesdayIf, on the other hand, there is a true desire to per- uity in any section. But at present, the great ma- the two altarmate ta this movemeat, a conttauous ro- last, brought us the tateUlgence that Commodore Hamilton,petuate the Union, no one is warranted in saying ionty in most of the Slave States, zealonslv desire tary motion will be imparted to the shaft, and through VaasxxaiLT had bought out the Paclflc Mail Steam-It to the cottars. The drums have each a wound strap,on the site of vrfalch the of HamUtaa citythat the Bepublican Party cannot be prevent^from coining into power, or that evcQ ifit shouldcome into power the nation would not be bothcompetent and resolved to keep it in proper bounds, bric of thst no Interference with it frombaathe n^ave growth of the white over the black greater evil can fasten on the politics of the cotm- the people of the North consider the Institution naturally tread on Ikem altamatsly. He steps firstdied formerlyrace woiild be greater and greater conthraally, andtry, than to treat them by geographical lines, or positively evil, and an imtn^nfy oa one strap, glvtag to It, aa wall as to hlmsaU, ths Steamship Compaay was a Boaopoly, having controlatMie distant folore, perhapspartyamongst adhesion th*period. SlaverywoOTl Meonie an Insignificant element in the interests or convictions ofatu of the rree States andof the white race arethe Stave and States,and for some lio* past it has been the fashion to curse it roundlj-, and ascribe to it almost evcrj' evil IhAt beset the State. The very highMjafcairftte State.The second factateto beby the claims ofstrap stands still,eonsequentlythe drum roUtss. Belargepeople,or arm and suppress It. I grant that hardly a Without can be endured while ;the greatmass ofburg, Miss., receaUyarray parties upon questions touctung which the different sections of thetliem ta organized on the conviction that the inter-ground ,due to hta weight, illd at tk* aams time be pushes the maohins forwaid—theof the entire business, It became very unpopular withDoth the extension and the perpetuity of Slavery, and the almost unanimous population of them sli regard it as so involved in the fa-ship Company, and that the" oppoMtlqp,"yearsoma yaanrounded by the comforts of an degant home.revolvmgta the otherdirection. Thus Ifworkjifthreescythe swtagers.void^^^^^^^^ OBITDART.several tlmss around them, and thanground, ths enita of the straps lying behtad the imple- ment, so that the msn, as hs pushes It along, wouldtaWilliamCtadaaati.with barhaibaad,aponhis feet, but simplvit th* odhesloB which the ordtasry macUne would ob-Wm. F.T. M. Hooker and wUe, W. Turner Patterson,cythe*and grsst valas.petltian bringing moderate fkies aad anthan for a nation to recover itself by an tebentaoldof fh* matter, aad pronouaoeit aptob-^7,.Untitled DocumentIt ta ji otios»d to apply the •*»* prladpla to tba itelE'SlS^^lBlSSSj'•oieataafltalto eMMIrt a good ttateof itaaa^m'•"^•^-^m laMsvad,OB the contrary, he bends slightly forward,Rev. J. M.:unspent. seed oil, and atmndant speclmois of superior sweatamount to short resistance which might easily terminate fatally, other hand or borse-propeUed machtaery, wtttaout abound ta mucltage. The Chinese will the momtac of 21st : place, near Shasta. At tbe anpolalagof addatremendousandotherwiseunnecessaryload,easybyCertainly, tMs ta what the practically applies. unnecsssaryexpressly prohtbltad bydropptagto thewe be-and;The rice isthe size of barley than of ours, but seeras more tobasta of constant wtahss rights prtaclpta requires only 2M posnds weight (br an •qua] that the Company ndaht be broken np altogether.Is greater by ovar SO per cent, with about onaquartar ofup-potatoes,fine leal sasm* tohacoo, cooktagitaan, rtee,at;—un-taateinsipidand inferior totagscarcelyquinces.nearerranged^.nrr. Tie time for taeacting meetHig(efOurbrought to this agriculturtsta look vrlth great tatorestto;ofcargoes statuary, Japaaeaaprfsaoptlk* /apu'"irT 'lillfctiiii. ilsrpowerof service totwcea Iks;redwoodandesdsr,piaesand ibeorderoffla^^jjwbph._Msof^niiuatwhen I consider wbit sad the aad are Eierpt for fl>e meddtasomeness of a Japsaass i bmnera, galleries pnlpita hung, whUawhen I try to spprectate the neces-ba< realty seea a tU*nejiti lib aiiwaa 9ai»m,jm.spirit shall return to the counsels of the Bepublic,the temporal and disputed power of Congress over heart throbs with overpowering jcj and exulta- hnag, by ths lads sad lasses, oa the mosquito bars the skill of the Japsaass la gslllaa tbsm aa. Bameans to assert extreme ctaims, irrespective ojr my ancestors mingles with this soil that the ture, and even kltohen stoiEi tato "aew ootAta naonkey to the tan of a fish so skUlfally as todMyd*.' ; teedon. Ths stoiies betoMof <k* waadsrtWetaa^ equally extreme claims in others, nothing remains hands of my Idndred have labored on these for tbe holldsys." Auctions sbound on evsry side— tore were marvelous lartwd, Amona olhsr af Mabut to fight the question out in each Territory, or,> sublime monuments that the valor and thedeclareloBS was one to th* efftct that just befxa ktonarilw, The 0^1 aacasrttyRepublic,;tatonhta Inaver sacrific*s,resoundstaeverystreet.of my and that the lot of the inherit-"gotag, gotag, gooe," of th* disconsolateStoolclags are aadatthe key-holes—chimneys betag about unknown.I Cui^ dispealiled tIt ta fancy purchases for presenta, or keep itIn my last I alluded to the arrival of three vesselsgalbsratfta mon name, by all the love so many noble hearts to the development of our trade ta thta direction, and State capital, prepartag for the WtataCs **-ilTlgrhcountry.sur political ecooomlsta deem the tadlcatlons slgniii- will Senatmslilpb<^aboattheMl of Jaaasn.It|ibo UtileIt, fortha HalMayFrepainrtsaafltaylert**mttmafw!Jl^%Z.SS"Xr**>»«>«>""«caat. Amongthestaplesbroughtoverwere isrumoredthattbeoppooeatiotMr.Wauaawillaa- rape-the invoice arrived just as the recommenda- tton had come from Washtagton for its exclusive nse tathelight-housesoathtacoast. Theleaftobacco, the judges UUme, U much of itfirom Havana. Th* leaf is small veinsdelicateandflexibta. 'Thepearswereairtss, ptackyvrho ta said la man, bewere tawardly of a yellowiah-whlteor stewed taey present almost the luscious sweetaesaSound, took hta aaacis Lavi.fishy taste. The peas I have had no to lay and eaa opportunityalong my palate, say nothug of them.raxT, who, upon discoveringon the customs of theselected as his future field of labor, and is creating agood deal of intertst ta his enterprise. How long he countrymen here, died suddenly a day or two anoa. will be compelled to wait for tae return of some of At first his death was attributed to vtoleace laostvsdthe facts ta tae esse, to wltesss the anxiousUoBS that prevail ta our streets concerning the futureof tbe ocean communlcatloas between Ssji Frandseoand New-York. A rumor was startedCommodore Vahdzibilt contemplatea settmg up ason-ta-law ta tbe Express business, to run Wxlls, few houn afterwards. The ShaiU; Faxoo&Co.offthetrack. Befn^ hadpeopleao- knowledeed tbe killtag, but says h* did It ta srif-do- chtaery by a separate operation, hta work would despotically the ocean route, another rumor overtook fcDce. This lata was not gehitrally bdieved by Mbthe first, to the effect that the leaalng spirits of thePacific Mail neighbon. _.thsrefore, was at an end. The nsws q>resd r^ildly^ as bad newsaar- son of the founder of Vicka-doesm a ferment In the days when the Pselfle MailInvariably;and,in that citr ai the anof &X.Eev.Oliver'Bronson,formerlyofUtlca,diedat JasesviUe, Wis. Jan. 10. H* was a Son of Hs*. Greene C. Branson, Corporetlon Counsel of thta Oltf.FEKSONJLl»afaresdaas ofatpense, provided against all possihls detentions byCompany,keeping abundant spare ships, and made every other;Ltae, ignoredgreatC. MIIe.yeGrunleUiema,ume, J. D. Davis.charge cheap skips,mightcheap llrtag, auk* longSSBIU"i'm1trvCrJi?* 'Boeheater.TheOlneaaofMr. AltaaitBlritbktataksnab3AIO,aoe paid Ihamlbs bj ViKBUBttt would basuf-ia1 111Japanese goods, much before, withbapattrt Aaotasrramorobialalagersdanes bars dorlag (tasomswhat nncoutk la be aat daria%««Mt atabied,arrived at most remarkable ta toe perieetionJnatHon. J. Tcexxa LAmaim, Judge of ths Coonly Coai^found in the river below a Jiigh preclpio*for acerebial apoplexy, brooghtlen by the exdtsmeat ofMiss L. D.difficulty,H* was a member of the Mississippi L*gl*-oam. Dr. K. T. II» H. Simpson snd lady, G. B. Hofinaa. L. Bonnefsux.The Burlington (Yt.) Free Press poUUiaa ia^,home.Matilda HeroB is playbig ZasKb at Philadel-Kimbsriy toaalta-|ke Odtntn^^ nirrjMpsismiriliinrrti" 4Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 