 NEW YORK HEBALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1860. organization, necessitated hj the break up ofof »Le oomm<r<Sai metrrpnVj of the Cn!ocNEW YORK HERALD. entitled to the re-wmbnujee ei *u hitwric_4 M-e- ttmreij OT»; m ^ Coiiideritioiia A - i i a t t ^' fte democracy at G r f i ^ . ^ S ^4 A & at % GO R O U S g a i l i T T , rWI-OB AND PROPKihTO*-ties. Dr. Bacen stated as an important fact, zirro- fuc«-J tb-lr actk»a. Commerce is tfce hand- borated by the experience of the most emiaent maiden of manufactures aad agriculture—east aside their political shackles aad *****the course of the independent journals of W* $600 or $700 an acre, instead of $2,000.peeple were capable of enduring mere pain •VTiCB li » CO&KBS OF *A3SAt» AJIb IS-flM ft*. without murmuring than the people of anymetropolis, we can promise them that but few of them will survive the great conflict on which the country is entering.w ^ a / I Tether part of the globe. He attributed thU hatdihocd to a peculiarity of th* soil and cli- mate, andstated that,in this particular, the present Inhabitants of this Continent resemble the Iidians, whose fortitude and endurance are proverbial. At the conclusion of the Doctor's remarks, the meet-iug adjourned.At a meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes-terday, 15,000 were appropriated for the payment f^_2»_UIttNMU TO*-Al.lliUfia A*» P*« ofthertntoftheLawInstitute. Acommunica-ri**/ »*? r - w»JA*M*J» mo* r***wd <M mttmriftitmpractised upon a ? *» mrtbmm -*-*•». «** A W p « i . * » « • » *»IS s T ! . ! * « $ > «~> OcmltmHt, hoik h m.Mtdtrmjt Britain. fo+y^SVfAMlLTUKUAID Oft r*!**-****. at four unit pttuhZ.i£7»>i *-. tar*** ]*««*«»*oo»«»'o«»«*w»«•tude of public affairs, the break np at Charles- ton, and the prospect of an exciting election, the issue whereof may be disastrous to the in- terests of the entire country—all these things contribute to affect property so materially that we should not wonder if it decreased in value all over the city to one-third less than it re- presents at the present time.THE LONDON TOOK ON THE GREAT FIGHT.— The leading journal of England devotes some of its thunder to the recent encounter be- tween Heenan and Savers, and states that "na- tions without great qualities could not have brought together two men willing to pass through such an ordeal as the terrible fight ofEach of these bJle I the* • * *•*, aarerlhelese, eh* * * - * »• said Territory, and nothing berv'** to authorise or permit ft»«»eiwMlos_»»?to, week.mawgood cause, order tits same transferred tor hew_.'^_ decision to any other District Court of the Uehed luZ/ This subject has been formally discussed by MMQ__. tee on the Judiciary in the House, aad will be >*»»«- regularly before them again In a few day*. It a inx* ble tor Congress to properly adjust all the privats Sum brought before It, which depend upon the app6cu_i «DABX-MAIS orttPCTTsa-atAtaBscaaw.WAX-AC*-. TH1ATRS, Breedwey.-Towx A » OOCX-of Harden we find a mere boy, without any re- quisites for the high calling he assumed, wear- ing the priestly robes on the strength of a good voice and a liberal amount of what Is called the gift of the gab. Before he has become quite warm in his place, he Is discovered running aboutized, and we shall have now real issues and real living representatives of these issues before the country. But what is the administration going to do in this event? Its course^ we think, is plain. It owes it to itself, to its integrity, its destiny, and to the country, to clear out every officeholder, from end to end of the Union, and to recall every representative abroad; to de- nude the whole diplomatic and consular ser- vice, as well as that of home officials, of their present incumbents,.and inaugurate an entirely new order of things, by appointing men of conservative principles and conserva-tive Instincts. Every one of the present offi-t*T-Kiu. oa Cuea. LAC*A r W K S *- TttSA TBJt.«The Southern aecedera' convention organizedcondition of the African race in the midst of awhite population; it is, moreover, essential tothe prosperity and the very existence of the joke in the world. The belligerent spirit be- to' a fatal blow at the institution of slavery itself iw South, and it is a beneficent institution for the longs to no race or country. There is some charges of outrages aad wrongs by the North o asmanent Chairman.Reports of the proceedings of both conventions,together with oar special despatches from Charles-rates unchanged.ton, are published in another paper.partofto-day'srepresentative there will be as follows:—in time to vote in December,losophers upon their protege, and beg to be permitted to offer a tribute of admiration to this new movement for defining the political opinions of murderers, burglars, thieves and sus-war lasted the friends of constitutional liberty banded firmly together, and by unity of action succeeded in driving the rebels into the sea. But now that the country is in a fair way of being pacified, the want of a controlling spiritfired off a/eu de joie of a hundred guns to cele- brate the defeat of Fernando Wood in the Charleston Convention. At the present moment the Mayor is one of the most influential men in Charleston, and is likely to become the nucleusRepublicanDemocrauc 14 Divided a The three States which are divided are Maryland, Kentucky and North Carolina, the delegations from which are composed of an equal number of demo- crat* and national Unionists. They would thus beenable to cast their votes in the election of a Pre- sident This depreciation, however, would not add to the chances of the election of a republican, be- cause the constitution does not say that a President Buy be chosen on receiving a majoity of the States voting, but to secure an election the candidate must obtain a majority of all the States represent- ed, and a majority, with the addition of Kansas, would require eighteen. It appears very plain that, under the existing state of political divisions in the House, that body will not be able to agree Upon a candidate before the 4th of March, 1861, when the prsent Congress ceases to exist. If the Electoral College cannot elect a President, it will of course be unable to choose a Vice President, and the duty of selecting that officer will devolve uponthe Senate. Differing a little in the number of the Presidential candidates which go before the House, the constitution allows but two candidates for the Vice Presidency to go to the Senate, and those must be the two who have received the highest number of votes from the electors; and also drfe:u>g in the manner of electing, it is pro- vided that each Senator shall vote for himself, and a majority of ail the votes cast shall decide the election. When the fourth day cf March arrives, and no Chief Magistrate having been chosen either bj the electors or the House of Representatives, "then the Vice President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other constitutional dis-ability of the President,''The steamship New York, from Bremen 16th andSouthampton 19th ult, arrived at this port yester- day. The advices by this arrival are to the same date as those brought by the North Briton. A tele- graphic despatch from Madrid, dated 18th nit, says the report of the execution of General Or- tega, the leader of the late revolt in Spain, is un- true. We publish some additional particulars rela- tive to the pugilistic contest between Heenan andBayers in another column.. . . 1 7Nothing of importance happened in the Houset>r Beprwentatives yesterday. Moat of the sessionwaa occupied by Mr. Hickman, who declaimedagainst the President in the coarse terms usually for the Vice Presidency, they will meet theL YDEPSNDEVTthe editors of most of th* vilUgelitre,and travel over the Western States incog • go toWashington and be the gueat of the Preeident; thencevisit the Atlantic cities, ano nave his fleet meet him atPorUand; or probably ir he comes by Porthmd, bis de-parture may be from Quebec, and be may take theGrand Trunk from Portland after the completion of bistour is the United Statet. Circumstances may alter thisprogramme of proceedings, bat we have good informsiton that it has been obtained by authority ia Sagtaadfrom persons supposed to be moat capable of giving theaeoeesary information as to routes, who in their turnwere given .to understand it would be acted upon. Au track wRhlnamile of this cfty, owing to toe dtapM^fTemployed by the anti-Lecomptonites when they trisevss the actions of the Executive,Ihe regular monthly meeting of the Hew York historical Society was held last evening,* their r joms, corner Second avenue and Eleventh street X, _des the transaction of the ostai routine bud.v sa-ery toterenttof paper, entitled«sir Hnm> j \r*y Gilbert, Btythe and Bold," was read by Bu. g* a Lawrence, hwq. To Sir Humphrey Gilbert Mr.exigencies of the occasion, and stand upon the real issue that is before the country. Thu issue is presented by the black republican party, whose exponent! are Spooner, and Sew- ard and Helper, with John Brown as a martyr k the cause, and the political priests •* ita ministers. They most be met fairly and • W e l y . Theineclr»wn_b«traotIoMoffree •offisa only pander to the fanaticism. The « « w » t t - e JWtag of the country cannot andRailroad Aectslsmt. —.-rence accorded the credit of being the first r-opose a methodical eettiement of America,goat will likely be well advanced before Hal Royal High -jew reaches Montreal.The Loiusvile Cbwrvr says that Mrs. Hannah M John* FOB. Cincinnati, to whom was addreased the box contain" <9g the runaway negro, forwarded by express) from Memphis, is no less a sletmgulabed female than Miss Delia A. Webster, late of the Kentucky PenitenUary, and notorious for her legro stealing propensities.Hen. F. W. Lincoln. Mayor of Boston, aad Lieut Col. Pcott, V a A., are in Washington.Hen. Joshua B. CHddlngs lectured to a huge audience ia Buffalo en iriday evening, on "John Quincy Adams."Several New York members of Congress, availing them- t-elvea of the interregnum in Congressional bosiaoss • sused by Uw Charleston Convention, are making a briar visit home. Among Uiemare Hoa. Charlea L.BeaIe,or -he Twelfth,ans Han CaarkB Cocbrane.of the HgfcteenU-ofVseach Three of the fre«ht car. were ttroasjtera an embankment twenty feet nigh, shattenag taets» ptLT ».luiiiM^.shdast»j«r*»?JS: and the engineer aad. fireman escaped wttboet taj-r yopaooeofora tajm-osyT Bt* Somtttern O c c s a Stesusas* •• *"_r7aSA V AXIMlt. Ap*»l * • _ " • * — . The screw steamship Huntmhe, fiua Nea »•*» "^ItmIt-i-c i s e idea of a Northwest Panange, and spent manufacturing and t i time and money in demonstrating the acca-rived at * P M, Sunday, 23th tote.>t arousing the English government totheim- .nee of its commercial marine an being the•» Charleston hart I**** commercial,the independent press of New York, fes* hnrTteaSky overcast.rillar of England's national glory. He con-1 « 0 0 r * dcompletelythea ^n commission of the Legislature and so forth—we should not be surprised if property in that direction were to mil off soma twenty or thirty par cant, notwithstanding the pros-Looks hasf»«7*M| Forand stattar ret*their position by the reconstructionof partiesTho3F0u9ltSonouNthew4tYhoSrtkreet 13069Thesons the speaker thought gir Humphrey Gilberts employing their time profitably. vmi&* « * yheld forth. Three years ago land there was { worts *?OManar.re: but if it Ucutup asitprobably will be, into small lots, w1-<* ^ **" come the prey to squatters, it may not tut**IBWB FROM WASHJIOT05WiBSa-IMo^ Key 1, Mr. Grow, eha nnaa of Ike \>surgeons of the country, that the America.comaeicebthellfeof New York-and com- merce depeudi upon the harmonious relations between the various sections of the confede- racy. In assisting to sever the brotherly Ues between New York and theS.utb, the Albany Regency has struck a blow at the prosperity of this city that will be sorely felt for long y«-ars to come. The revolution has begun, and no mam knoweth the end thereof.Pounoe xti THE PRISONER'S DC* K—THK REV.MR. HARDEN's POSITION ON THE QUESTION OP THEDAT.~-A day or two ago we gave a few com-ments upon the remarkable exhibition of man- inauguration of Mr. Buchanan's administrationners and morals among the rural clergy, made there has been a gigantic secret system ofThis reduction in the value of real estate isI T I * M I tion was received from the Counsel to the Copora- «M «*B*MM, mSeapmm ap«i <*»•tion. in reply to an inquiry whether the taxes heretofore assessed upon incorporated bodies within the county can lawfully be applied to the credit of the county ia reduction of the amount to be paid by the county for the State tax ofAMUSBtiSSTO IBUI IT1WIO.ACADI T Or MCTOIO, Kourte-nti -:tiuu on" the taxes assessed upon theue bodies ahould beJSD MOTHJt takm tf *£*rm fQ#** rnmmu_rxv.by the trial of the Rev. Jacob S. Hardsn, who is accused of poisoning his wife, whom he se- duced, aad subsequently married under thetreachery going on among the officeholders all over the North and West, aad a good portion of the South as well, against the administration""rasa^ ( ^ of Calms, and to ttaaete, a, ^aw^^aJmw? District Courts of the Catted Staus, and « * -»»jui*__I of such Ourts in all oases shall be leal, the caaw'u!"' Bvestigateo in the S u e or district in waioh the r**^ shall reside, unless the Court ia suae State or dlsutehlwnurmoffice by the abolition parsons and preachersor eiBoBea-Afternooa and Ereatng.credited to the Chamberlain, which will in effect course of our former article we made Inciden-.H*. l»»' *» «-* OOCTB or c-unaT AnenbrtwiU be_•* a* .___, tottSi•:'VBroadway-OouSBTn w BOW*«T, Bowery.-U Tova v* NnsiJt-MOTaea which they will «ooupy on then- arrival in thisBAWB.Tuesday." The Tunes Is quite right in its esti legal or equitable principles, from the faot tat'185?. He said:—"I see no reason for doubt that operation of severe outside pressure. In the and in favor of the opposition party—the ene- mies of the administration—in Congress. Thebe a credit to the county."By the arrival of the schooner Albert Field weur TRI hare files of Bermuda papers to the 18th ult, but they contain no news of interest.The Common Council of New York have appro- priated $30,000, and engaged the first floor of the Metropolitan Hotel, for the Japanese Embassy,tal reference to the degradation of the sacredcity. They intend to give them a more brillianty gBOUOHAJTS THXATSK, tte BroedwSy.-ArA- reception and entertainment than any distinguished among the young women of his village, a sortmate of the national pluck of Great Britain andthe United States, as displayed in the encounterof the champions, as we suppose they must becalled, the public on both sides of the waterhaving accorded that position to them. It is citisen. Hence the proposition to abolish tie Ooqn* too much to assume, however, as some people Claims esia»Ushed here at the seat of g w - -CiOO**-St B « « .the public business • Increasing so fast a Q^. ttty aad importance, k is deemed fair thu _, dttsen shoud have the same right to have a lowa, a the Courts lb bis own State or district whea the Utanr-f eta6auOs thi ha ml' •si Lobo. »v< pol ©etie 1-va crt * c theSKbe COl CUIfibs wbttaj ghrem] rtoitheftV ti'Aitdog The "b< rsfido WBMrylasn Ugh app not Sen wokwer thehellon iTonSMia van Twb.fair aad foldtornacn at I woetionbeeiHtai Armaad com lack werfttoering lnh ltd;fallbet. matyefe She]wh«ashum •ate sad boo*Bra»y« -a.stimLavan.She l)dd btoi* * i avusSOU!torn tanEa Kkv«aaatA. ______ guests have hitherto received*Two slaves, fugitives from Maryland,aged re.ixBlTJBt AJflHMOA* MT78KTM B«-4way.-Dey spectively twenty-three and twenty-dve yearsof ULJ rr-irt '•-— Da*jr»-#ik-0W Cor»s-Lms« Ou-age, have been refreshing themselves for the past BarAST* anWBTttSU*. MeeeaBlea' HaU. 4TI Bwed-sy - week or ten days in New York. A requisi-of Longmetre Lovelace, a white cravated Don Giovanni, a Chevalier de Faublas of the Metho- dist Episcopal persuasion. It was alleged that he was unable to get rid of a troublesome wife in any other way, and so he poisoned her.Whatever may be the verdict of the jury, there is very little moral doubt about the matter.States is defendant as the United States has to try atZ_M_n_Seme* t i i i t u , ho.-Boatasa.ua Cosvannoa. aativOM. Sweawsy.-Oso. Caaarr'i Mia-may infer from the aphorism of the Times, that England and the United States monopolize *'owing to Us peculiar >»—• , -.«_nl, vkmDAJCSS. Jtc.-Ma**r.OOOFES !Jl"rTTTj».-BxaiBmo« or FSALB'S C*[dixit and were yesterday brought before Commis-physical courage of the -""•'''" •ruanau or raa COCBT or Daiu-Aneraoon and JITOM>CIn calling attention to this case of Harden, cials, petty, treacherous politicians as the" — ., ' -. ~v*iu oecause they are which a another serious objection to its present orgs* me only nations which can produce two men nation, and frequently, where there is no law a beau•ATtOJiAi. OoaCtBT BALOOH. MUkwal DtaaaM, Baauaaoaa. AcAT»NOB--Ciiiroaju aaaiaaaia.Mow York, Wadaaadavw, M»y «, 1800.as these proceedings were conducted without their presence or knowledge, that the slaves expressed their willingness to go back to their "home," and refused the services of any lawyer.The cotton market continued withoutjspirit yesterday, while ihe sales were conilned to about 400 a 600 bales>usual, the philosophers of the Tribune, who twenty years of public service conquered one straightway printed a letter to prove that the Forney; but there are now dozens and scores reverend delinquent was a democrat of of Forneys to be conquered, all over the coun- the straightest sect, as sound as General try—pretended adherents, but secret and Cushing or Mayor Wood. Now, If that were treacherous enemies to his administration.fact is that the fight was only a battle on theretail scale. The Continental Powers have theirgreat prize fights, which are wholesale affairsMIBSO>rAJU* TO IBB VIBOIMX XXPTBUCAS STiTI COStSHMH Congressman Wilson aad Frank P. Blair, Jr., ban In* for Wheeling to make speeches there before the mathtion was sent on to our federal authorities, and the negroes, after a sharp lookout on the part of the Marshal's deputies, were apprehended("-*"— i oor against claimants. BeaWes, as AsoMoeo are net tosLTheRisingRevolution S t a t e s .fja theUnitedThe indications are now pretty strong that there split at Charleston of the democratic party— will be four candidates in the field for the Presi- which, having outlived the great issues it was dential succession, representing the Northern or formed to defend, waa always seeking to ad-Squatter sovereignty democracy, the Southern or . vance ambitious politicians and corrupt leaa-siavery protection democracy, the National Union ' en—sweeps away all the abstractions and awful example of the consequences of habi-party, and the black republican organization, in which event the election may be carried to the House of Representatives, under the constitution, by neither of the candidates being able to obtain amajority of all the votes which will he cast by the Electoral College. The whole number of electors, including Kansas, will be three hundred and six, and, to secure an election, one of the candidates must receive one hundred and fifty-four votes, without which the three highest most go to the House, where the vote will be taken by States- each State having but one vote. The political complexion of the House, including Kansas, which, if admitted at the present session, will have herif the conservative sentiment of the coun- enemy through with a small sword, or try is to be overrun by fanaticism or pick him off with a pistol; to the by treachery—then there is no longer a Union, American all weapons are alike; while and there is nothing for the future of the na- the English adhere to the original weaponexercised.Mr. Auaw, (dem.) of Ohio, explained why he vost hrMr Smith of North Carolina, for Speaker.Mr. HicsJiAw, (A. L dem ) of Pa, said that ostfcs*tern has been nursed aad animated until a baa beocastt* fruitful and comaaaaoing parent of all oar aJhotiaa li is not the eeenonaSasa of the Morth, but of the Soak est •praglag from the few who understand the i nnSlliilssn la ad ita bearings, but from the many, who, fsettsg thSr weakness, nave united for strength—a sectooalan ast created to the atmosphere which cools the latorer saree, bat in the foetid atmosphere of rice s ramp aad fields—-a sectionalism now mild aad pesmasirs,fierce aad persistent—it is the emblem in theof AJdtnedee—as a child, harmtoa, batgive it the thunderboti, and male itaad destructive. He wished to topress tut truth on the public mind, namely, thafit is the dstsr- minaUon of the South to extend rather tiaa to reduce the limits of slavery. This arrays the difieren part* of the country to hostility; and is this oonneetionhe spoke of the cringing Buchanan in contrast with theinkxbie Jaekson The North will endeavor to preserve the fwseral compact la its integrity, and they were fast farming tkedatermiaattos ot preventing otters Irom infracting it. Bt spoke o' the ba miliating coaoasfteas to the Soutbin the aoapromise of 1SM, including1 the Fugitive Slave law, whichcompeli meat* leave theirfieldsaad shops to ran after th> neeing aegrssi, while the North are denied their equality b She Union. Tin present Executive has not rendered himself more notori- ous by ha penality than he has by tin disgusting sik serviency in ha rule. His deeeptioa at a candidate wisequalled only by his cynical demeanor t» hh true Crisaai, and be felt theflatteryof syeopbanta bryoad the hoatst report of disinterested friends. He spoke of the departure from the doctrine of popular soverelgjty as enunciates in I860, because it failed to give hansel to slavery: Tnoeithe Convention nearly, if not quite all, the re-presentatives of democratic majorities. Under as those of some politicians who are continu-with treason and trodden down under tie iron heel of i fierce tyranny. Certain members of the Thirty thirl Congress sowed the harvest the fruit of which had asm reaped at Charleston. In all the btoodj history of Ksa- sas the people found the President coal* be as false as say other man. Be sp>ke of the absurdity of the Sestk in their efforts to preserve, not only the terri-these circumstances the Southern delegationswill probably meet and present an address totheir constituents and the oountry, with per- dy ever reads. Let us have from the IW&une haps a recommendation of candidates for Pre-sident and Vice President to be voted for inNovember .ple are convinced that without a master mind at the head of the government the peace ofplatform is all nonsense, and the real struggle was, whether the South should be forced to ac- cept Douglas or leave the Convention. Theresult is in many respects a good one. It brings the true issue plainly before the people, it breaks up a worn-out and corrupt political or- ganization, and, by presenting several candi- dates for the Presidency to the popular vote, it practically leaves the great mass of the tricky buying and selling politicians without a vocation. When but two candidates are pre- sented the twosets of office seekers go to work ia right good earnest to humbug and cheat the people, and when the election is over one of the sets has nothing to do but to clamor for the spoils. Bat with four or five candidates In the field, with almost a moral certainty that no one of them can be elected by the people, but that three, and which three also in doubt, will have to go into the House to make new combinations and new bargains, the working politician has not much to hope for. This fact will make the coming campaign one of little effort by the politicians, and a much cheaper one to the office holders and other party con- tributors.If the Southern delegations in Charleston BOWtake reason to their councils, and with a moderate bat firm conservative address put forward such a man as Breckinridge or Lane, or Guthrie, as a candidate, with a good namehe could be Induced to return. But we fear cans of Blackwell'a Island think of Ma- that the gallant General will not comply withthat the performance commences at uvee-quarters pa*4 seven precisely.PATTI or BSOOKIYN.—The directors of the Brooklyn Phi!harmonic Society Lave decided upon giving a grand extrac * m t r y , a _ d t * A rwJ. of the EUa*Han,J^ T ^ C^ft^vU_SL-_Cexplosion at Charleston only brought this long-matured and gigantic treachery to a head; the of the sensation school generally. In the case democratic party as it once stood Is disorgan-sioner Betts, their ownership proved and theirrendition granted. In a very brief space of timethey were on their way to Maryland, and it may be and political theories advocated by the new class of men put in their places. Mr. Buchanan,who, without any bad blood between them, claim upon, they decide that it a goodteaqmy ay recommend Congress to pay it. The result U awill stand up and pound away upon each opinion that the Court will eventually beoom* other's bodies for two hours and more. The brokers' shop for grinding oat jobs.SB Ulio Ul UIC ICGH1WI VI «u« {IOBVUVU^H SWUM Buoum oe swept on tne board, and a different OOBVBB Of TB1BTMBTH STRBEt ABD FOUBTH some consolation to the abolitionist agents to know lights of the day, we mortally offended, as who is a wise and upright statesman, afterOur reports from Charleston are very meagre.The regular Convention met yesterday at the usual closing on the basis of about 11 S'c. The receipts of cot all true, our theory would not be materiallyWhen the Emperor of the French wishes to licaa Convection,axsrrao or TOT HATIOSU uussiiiutioaAi anon ootooiscontend with his brother of Austria for the At a meeting of the National Constitutional Uaioa Qst. championship, he goes into training for months mlttee last night it waa resolved that the Waif *hoar. The question pending was a motion to re- ton at the porta since the 1st of September last hare BonsMer the; vute whereby the minority or reached 4,211,000 bales, against 3,4e6,tO0 in 1869,In filling the public offices anew, Mr. Bu-chanan should eschew all miserable politicians,partisans and spoil hunters, and select uprightmen, of strong conservative instincts, at whosehands the vital issues of the day would receivethat consideration which the critical conditionof the times demands. The issue before the nothing less than the whole of Northern Italy—2,711,CO0 in 1868 and 2,769,000 in 1867. The exports forthe same period have reached 3,186,000 bales, against tion, while eight remained. The Arkansas delega- 2,368,000 in 1869,1,800,000 in 1S68, and 1,880,000 in 1867.American National Committee be invited to meet wits at Committee at Baltimore simultaneously with tbeiof the Nominating Convention, on the 9th of May.TIUBTT-SITTH COsTO&BM. FUST tSSSIOV.Hoase of Representatives. WASBUOTOS, May 1, ls&MEATS 0 5 POUflCAI. QLTST10XS. The House went Into Committee of the Wbsle.Mr. Waeoa, (rep.) of lad., was willing to abide b; si the constitution declares on the subject of slavery. Si would never interfere where it legitimately exists,ht leave the question to the slavehotding Stoles, who ogat to nave been content with the Fugitive act of 1793. Tan of I860 is offensive to the people of the North, ss It ceaaSouth have only an imaginary existence. Stovery I as black race itself. Therefore it should be slight difference in the manner of itsdevelope- aggressive element He maintained that slavery outt hmaintained; and if it is not maintained— ment—that is all. The Frenchman will run his be excluded wherever the power can constituttootiy toDonglaa platform was adopted. Twenty-eight ofthe Georgia delegation withdrew from the Conven-The stock on hand amounted to 648,000 bales, against ginia and North Carolina, and a portion of the 669,000 in 1869, 630,000 in 1868 and 360,000 in 1867. TheMaryland delegation, asked leave to retire for con. market for State and Western brands of Hour was inac- tive, while common to good medium grades were firm.ioltation, and the request was granted. A resolu- Southern flour was firm and in fair demand at full prices.tion also withdrew. The delegations from Vir-tion was adopted that the Convention, at two o'clock, proceed to ballot for candi-and prices arm, with fair sales, on terms given in another dates for President and Vice President, and place. Pork was heavy and lower, the atosk having the Convention adjourned till that hear. Our proved larger than was anticipated. sales were moderate, latest report, op to the time we go to press, re- and included new mess at $17 62>i a $17 76, and new ceived via New.Orleans, states that there was no prime at $14 12>* a $14 26. Sugars were firm, with sales prospect of a ballot being taken last night. of 600 a 6C0 hhds. Cuba and Porlo Ricos, at rates given to another column. Ooffee was firmly held, while sales by the choice of Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, tor per. were light. Freight engagements were moderate, andWheat was heavy, and sales limited. Corn was steady,Seward for President, for be could not trust Seward.Ail of which makes Brother Harden, ac- cording to our thinking, a fit political bed- fellow for Brother Greeley, Jf slarery Is wrong, and there is nothing right about it, then logically it ought to be abolished; that is the true republican theory. The point is that We are in the midst of a revolution. The the South and the national democracy of the North hold that slavery is right on the merits; Brother Harden holds to the opposite views;the utmost affability, and when the battle isin conflict with and uproots great tabrt—oalsl prindhl, and assumes unwarrantable aad dangerous power, _* at the same time, owing to Mo severities sad penalut, a«THETIES—WHAT IS THE ADMINISTRATION GOING TO Do?—The explosion of the modern democratic party at the Charleston Convention, and the cer- tainty of the nomination of two candidates for the Presidency by that body, must have cre- ated no little excitement and anxiety in the administration at Washington, Ever since theCOMTNO POUTTOALdamaged; but it so happens that Harden is,according to his own account, a "conservativerepublican" (whatever that may be); that he"has taken the Tribune for eight years;" thathe reads the H E R A L D now-a-days because hethinks it the best newspaper; he does not likeBennett, probably for the same reason that he country to-day is something deeper and and the punishment which each receives Is entertains a feeling of enmity against the Re- broader than the life of any party, or the much heavier than any which descended upon vised Statutes; and his "position with regard maintenance of any organization. It is a the countenances of Heenan or Sayera. The to slavery" is thus stated:— struggle between conservatism and fanaticism— Zouaves are no more nor less than so manySlavery (according to Harden) was and always oal a life or death question for the country. The prize-fighters, each with the Legion of Honorbeen wrong—mere was nothing right about it; but be North believes that slavery is an evil and a as his belt in prospective. Like Heenan and believed in leaving it atone, and letting the South takecare of it for itself; be bad rather have Dayton than wrong. If it is it should be eradicated. But Sayers. the royal and imperial champions goit is not. The system of slavery is the natural into their wholesale slaughtering business withand so he must go with the Tribune goats.Again, Brother Harden ntffena In ___«oll «n tion DUt W-lmvn>, iVa A_at»u/.ti 0 Of all ltB lule- of warfare—th» flat Tho p*fao ring narriesbrings the real Issue before the people.The half-breed abolitionism that was engen- bune. He commenced too late with the Let party conventions quarrel never so bit-tually reading such publications as the Tri-dered at Buffalo in 1848 has culminated at HERALD. He was already too far gone for re- terly, and treachery and intrigue weave websCharleston, and, by driving the Southern States around such public questions never so dex- clamation. He had imbibed Greeley's freeinto a separate party organization, has cut its love and divorce ideas, and, as the State of terously, there is no shutting out the light fromthe civilization of the age.the United States can afford to let their "great- ness" be doubted rather than resort to prize fights as a means of showing i tFERNANDO WOOD ON HIS PINS AGAIN.—Some men are endowed with wonderful vitality. Like Tom Sayera, you may knock them down ever so often without extinguishing their pluck. Itewn throat and that of all its kindred fallacies.A desperate determination on the part of thesame free soil policy that defeated the electionof General Cass, and the triumph of its partytwelve years ago, to rule the party, has resultedin its ruin, and the burial will be conceded bythe people. A set of delegates from the North-ern States that could not, and can-not now, count on one electoral votefor their candidate, determined toforce his nomination on those States uponwhose votes he must principally rely for elec- pected persons of all sorts. Let them all have tion, and they have succeeded in driving out ofthis vital and final issue.THE RECALL OF GENERAL PAEZ.—The san- guinary struggle which has convulsed the re- public of Venezuela for so many months has scarcely been brought to a partial termination ere a new difficulty arises for that unfortunateNew Jersey alleges, he tried a murderous me-thod of putting away his wife. but has not yet been legalized.It is not novel,Now that all due regard has been accorded to Brother Harden, and his opinion upon the exciting questions of the day spread before thedame Bates? Are the pickpockets andhotel thieves "afraid to trust Mr. Seward," for saying that, at least for the present, heand would they have more confidence in Mr. Douglas ?Does Macdonald—who shot Virginia Stewart, if we remember rightly, and may be tried for it one of these days, though that is a matter of dubitation—think his State was right in bolt- ing at Charleston ? There are several other persons, all innocent and very badly used, we doubt not, lying in the Tombs under capital indictments. Can we not have their opinion upon the irrepressible conflict theory of Mr. Seward, and the doctrines of the Helper Book? What do Hicks and Jackalow think about the reopening of the slave trade ? When our city officers only escape the pains and penalties of felony by a very narrow shave, and while the leaders of the governing classes are too often annoyed by vulgar warrants, it is certainly proper that the professional scoundrels of all grades should be permitted to evpress their sentiments upon the exciting questions of theTheday. The TWoune movement is al! right. it go on.LetJohn, N. B , and Freecrieklon. If practicable he wul Uenee cross over to Shediac, where his fleet will go round to meet him. and proceed up the river to Quebec- If b» finds difficulty in retting to Aediac, he may cross to Portland and com., over the Grand Traak Ratlwarto Qu- bee or Montreal. From thia he will go to K»iand thence to ouowa, from Ottow a to Toronto; UMBOS across the lake to the Falls, and back by rail to HMBII tor;. He will go to Sarnia to see tne Grand Trunk workswas nominated tor first Clerk, Cys»*a*arse, or r*-r tirld county, for secrou Clerk, aad Stevteften ana e»v» k-ts for Stole PrintersTtes Mew SfexAcsta **"? . 1M(I lM*He*»r»ue. Mo , May 1, IMSThe Santa Fe mail from Pawnee ¥<x\ »";*"*,_> ;SL The coaoocto' report* Use real arrve wnh 'Migraw. w-» were getting along well. The grass ta not veryjrse«u-* they can obtain oora some three baadred^oMtestm^^JT baa been no through mail smx the 4sh «"•*•'?"*' _« there is no tolling whea one wfil arrhe, as there are »» vet sufficient soldier * oa the plains to afford ss w-j» two eoaspaates of Untted States tofaatry were tews* «--PROGRESS OFfeeble editors of the newspapers in Washing- ten, but more especially the two feeble For- neys of the CbnsKfotfon, entertain a great hor- ror of the independent press of this city They are sympathized with in this folio, byJ r o ^ t h e c ^ . These wriiers^getthat it is from New York alone that a cosrectview can he obtained of the geographical andintellectual expanse of the Union, A personmight as well attempt to take a just coup ff«tfsMhe metropolis from the corrupt aad reekingatmosphere of the Five Points as to judgeaccurately of public opinion from a Washing-ton etand-point. If, instead of railing againstthreesmall country editors would prepare them-Untitled Documentselves for the ehanga about to be effected inThe Sailing of *t*£gZ£\, America satis at about•*•UfifiJorRNALisM.—Thep ^ JAuurr, Maf l, »w^ o'deck tbie afternoon the jJ^B»«rT_iOrests, and the dismemberment of the republictne ar Durament of arms back to barbaric times; and the sooner the institution becomes ex- tinct in both countries the better it will be forcountry, we congratulate the Tribime phi- country. So long as the excitement of the civil is only a day or two since the TammanyitesREVOLUTION INP AR-a chance to put themselves right on the record. at the helm of affairs is greatly felt The peo- in this State of the great conservative party, who opposed the President's demands aal been brand**"Their opinions may be of as much consequenceally explaining their views, which nobody the country will not be worth a very longinto which the sounder elements of democracy must finally concentrate themselves.cares anything about, in long letters that nobo-lease. Such a man it is hard to find in Vene- zuela at the present time, and we are not sur- prised to find that the deeire Is universally expressed that General Paez should return to the country. Experience and wisdom such asACADEMY or Music—The "Barber of Seville," with itaOne distribution, including Adellua Patti, Brignoli, Forri, tory they cow possess, bat to acquire Mexm Suslni and Amodlo, will be given this evening. The an Cuba, and Central Aaertos, ss they say, Bsome account of the political bias of the gen- tlemen whose countenances adorn the Rogues1for an outlet to the surplus labor. The Soma want as* ttiive tor unlimited slavery extension aad the •injuxsjaa of the North They would fire this temple, btt the 1KB had the ability aad power to save both it aad them. Bt proved, he said, the accuear guilty and asottaaamwi a*Mr. Mnxsosr, (demJ of Ta, expressed his sirpnss-at denunciation of the Compromise measures of 1st') sheaM come from Northers gentlemen, aad in replyiag ts fir. Hickman's remarks ia connection with the Cbmwonsn meaaurea, denied that the South were iafiaanesd kys spirit of aggression oa Ihe Northconcert on Thursday week, tor the purpose of introducingMdlle. Patti to the Brooklyn public. Tnis will be the he thought the traitors now rather had the aiuanilsary,only time during the present season that this *h»»»nt"t looking to events at CharlestonMr. MiLLBoaaaid ha had merely called etleeooa avocalist will be able to sing in Brooklyn. She will be some of the errors into waioh Mr Hickman had fakesGallery.What does the majority at Sing SingIt must not be forgotten that this split atCharleston is a rupture on men, and not on How stands the Tombs on the Chica- and it would be well indeed for Venezuela ifmeasures. The talk and discussion about the go nomination? What do the republi-WISTSR GxsKis.—'-Lm JoJve" will be sung, tor thesecond time, tbie evening. The pu&lic will take notice accusation.think of the present attitude of the South? he possesses are much needed at this juncture.the popular desire. We have authority has no idea of accepting the invitation ofthe Venezuelan government and people. Venezuelans must blame themselves for their present difficulty. When they had a good man among them, why did they not know how to ap- preciate him, instead of Buffering themselves tobe victimized by Monagas and his faction?even after the last return of General Paez, he was forced to abandon his country in conse- quence of the strife of parties and the impossi- bility of reconciliation. We publish elsewhere one of the numerous letters addressed to him from most influential sources, urging him to come home, which may be taken as an exam- ple of the united desire of the people that the noble hero and patriot should resume the use- ful and honorable position he so long occupied among them. The press of the country-Is also warmly in favor of his immediate return.CHANGES IN REAL ESTATE IN THE CITT.—A good deal of apprehension is now being felt among dealers in real estate that property on this island is deteriorating in value. The news- papers are just beginning to see it; and every one Is just waking up to the conviction that all property below the Park and Chambers street is worth from twenty to thirty per cent less than it was a few years ago. Even real estate above Union square and Around Madison square is not increasing in the ratio which was calcu- lated upon.It was thought, too, that property and rents on Broadway and the contiguous Btreets—the centre of trade—from Chambers street to Four- teenth street, would go up to an extraordinarily high rate, but w s very much doubt now that they will. From what we hear of the plans and projects going on in the district between Mur- rey Hill and Washington Heights—of the new -Mr. BICXMA*. In reply to a remark of Mr. Mffiaoa, MMAndtogether on this occasion.PerianalDon. A. J. Parker and lady, of Albany, and SenatorLatham, of California, are stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.Dr. A. A. imlay, of the United States Army; General Oadwallader, of Philadelphia, and Governor Ford andlady, of Ohio, are stopping at the Astor House.The Montreal Gautte has received from a correspon- dent an account of the intended programme of the more- menu ot his Royal Highm ss the Prince of Wales on the occasion of his approacbing visit to tbu> continent, Ihe cate of his departure from England is to be tne middle of July-tbo 1Mb—with a fleet, ss before published.IBs firsteaa party. Be procoereded Ito apeak in defence of lbs ra-gitive Slave law. in the coarse of his remarks, he sailection Is as mach at variance wttfe ta* the policy of protection Imtoiuste of Peaasytvsato as with the intaraste of say Southern State He did not fear the republican party te its assaults ea slavery—a party which is ergasitsei oa IBS false pretence of opposition to slavery snsuMim, wash the real object a to draia the treasury with means!wteschemes oftatmasJimprovement aad oppress the tadrn try of she oountry. The steals to revive the old federal policy in opposition to the democracy.The Committee rose and the Hoose adjourned.This Coautecttcttt LeaUlatwre.Nsw BATE*, May I, IMSThe Lsftetoture begins lis session here to rnorre* To night the republicans of the two houses met is ceaea*. The Senate nominated Hiram Goodwin, of Litcbtisld esu*-I»roonre4ttie agreement of thethe J? " * »e gross mLsgovernment with Monday aad Tuesday next to the excmMreHousetions that harawicked plunder of its n^Qchisss by the last In-famous Legislature, and the fearful burden of ^-ntories propose to orgini»taxation it has to bear. The increase of taxesalone would considerably affect the price ofreal estate. Moreover, the political gloom tob, eight thotu.^1: M--» fl** Bask), s n ^ T which has fallen upon the country, the incerti- twenty thousand, a*J <***»*> * ! * « * * - - - ^ J8 1 of klwhich this v ! t * b a " be9n b e e nsaddled—taO imposi- 6tsuawMsiThe bills tor the bt myI I 1 Ii!i1 J*1•d«l w rimasl<beforehand.the sword, bayonet, or the big gun, and cer- tainly show as much pluck as the heroes of the prize ring, who contend with the natural weapons. Their ring is somewhat l a r g e r -His soldiers fight with the rifle,drawn, they laugh over it as if it were the bestnouncement of the new opera, "Mose," will be found in another column.supported by Madame Strakoseh, Signer Brignoli and the fine orchestra of the society. It is concern plated to take Beecher's church, as the Athetaecm does not offer sumMr. HICXKA* observed, that his remark was ia resty t» the suggestion that he had joiaed a new party He steel on the same principles be had ever maintained.Mr Mnxsosr hid supposed the geatlemaa had Ml tttBoth England andcient accommodation for the numbers likely to be drawn democratic aad identified himself with theIntelligence.u- - iiaesssad Ittrronniisn, n a to be more or leas Influenced in ho deaslont f«port on tins side of the Atlantic will be St- Johaa, New ty, for FreeMsat pro tern, aad David D. twag, of |he ossw toundland. The Lieutenant Governor of that island, as county, tor Clark In the Hoose canons, 0. E _ T _ _ i we have already announced, has received a letter in- Fairfield, was nominatea for Speaker (hs hste M * J ^ 7 forming blm of the intention. Thence he will proceed to office last y ear), D**iel E Boioceeh, oTBsrtterl ceuflty, Halifax, and thence cross over the country aad viatt St.The five new Territories whieb theNeT 4toternttsooaw'> »*.•*•*thesawaejahar __?inwood. They are to be stationed at Pawnee tor*.Atfreight aad paesecger crate INsn New ¥*rtt ran — mas M. Tryniskiwww.fultonhistory.com 