 '<^.rtgnnff-Tj —- "-^^-^mmfrmtt mat ttmiflOMUtopabOthtdeatbe Pile*. towt»»p«rf,with saddened faces ocenpied plaeas on the Uar.ftmnor figures. Ploift Vas in moderate request Jbckbb & Co. in Mexico, has a gaod deal of experience grief at the same result Hie Kany were tbe jeers, among the onthinking crowd basa psapsaad fato tha t\iOiMEBTWJ8I0-ll««to»»-IiTMTAtou'jnstifierili'oiregrwlielBiiafmade hisbulletin beards, like those men of humblertion, whom merchants hire to promanade the Firststreets, tattoed as eztansixely as a Naw-Zealander, QoxMnoroftha Stats ef M^fMflt fta«Um with abase, bat aai Ereainc—Uutta Us friends en- in the opposite extifame by Mr- Iot MajoMHn. at Hwiiaa^RPIfflinpilPPipnQ^MiPIW<L*iww^^B»*IWJP!P»f»" IJ1» h "J' '"WPP>.iM»tpabUshed yester-continued their, w^roOnn.MrrMMUH seMdIkWaltodar.examinedsomenew witaesses,which was diaxxnthrough'BiaadxMy and odierI to oaa iddreM fee Frri Dol- r-tnuM. rms (yrm/uty-twc Muu* aU«W>«t»Mtl l>ttLA«». ^ay iThe Stock Market closed ^^V^^S^C counter. noon 00 the Bailxray shares and Padfie Mail.nowthen doubtless derive quite as little satisfac- tion from the decision that he ought to have been allowed the seat, as Hr. Sicklbs wouldi~t*t*M*nMMIteilie "rabUilient^pj^OHi rrTeJiClg."to Fortr-*'tt- .»Mn^.««MitothaS<«Htw.•ntrU of tha earlyl&T^K^teBtealeoatt* t»tM»Broaias.werein good demand. AUxelier bosbiessxxaslittlemayrightTwMiTi'iA^trMt1 Aaa^ttig«la^Igathering BMBIWraMtJSWJif—Afto'^oo''-*'"'"*"Tl»Ll. inquirerstnuagoingbacktoliisciadle-days,daooad Ugjit BrigadeliaiiM r>ii~ and learning from his nmae if he took kindlyplea^gHxsMItll,Wamoos's FaxaOAunx—*•'""*"'' or PAORnrai. jCMMBf^i' rf""^tliat Jxckib & Co. hare failedless at the same time theading commercial ports were also abt^had. —IV OAUiSRT-No. m BuiSWAT—IXHiBi- ^AT.T,«»T—35^Vs OF THE DAY.journalsheenty"AnjtefitBttoD OllllJiiifini. iilil the lawsthe andtoallfriendsof downthesuppljringto andthe Common Council excited surprise among HoBoment-stieettoPaA,thaaeato^money, however,nor yet is the warrant draxxn, as tlie Mayor stillHoosa, Afterxraida they took fhsir rtalte pottiooto witaeaa the sfsnOoas of ttsKloBC Papal tssenta^flie tnSum MagiMk Maim bozxraapUoadoB tha pediaa, aad'aAr ^^^ ^'xSoapakefortwohoiiTalove and anrewarded virtue are at apaid,MMK^ ptT*i— ;discoimt, and poor Lincoln in tkeir stead istoAll loxen of the Union,aartist at worit to boilof a two-feettheThe reaolution was sentaroiuMl tha WadtagloaMoaaaai^jSb^ »—and argninc that the Union Pir- tftaliliwIrputT that can restore p«ace to the sanecMnay. Doiidz the meeting an extractlatter millions of aorip or bonds at a small per-Tbe Great Powers concmred in abolishingprivateering in 186$, simply because privateer- legal means of thwarting thu scheme for plun- catad thraogh tte City, asd IB a isw;andpossible uglinessofall, maimfactares and agrkmltnie," to meet Tlltliilii last evening, for the purpose of 6m nemination of Mr. Bill and Hr.probable preceding Presidents,to Calvert to tha eihnor wkan ths SoBsa,-taijimAs OiptaUl moxement in Sicily. His entire He ia represented in various piccuresque at-1jh«f* tqcoonteied no sedous resistance and our oxen. All this isS^will from the ocean in three months. which lately befell Hme. Gazzanioa, in Boston. wasinmaass. Tha vtdtan leaxe ta-monovvery siUy,iMb-**d on the exe of attempting the capture of help thinking very useless. It is true that in"^TSSi spedal tntetePUlsdelpUs.laiistt adxices leaxe his forces surrounding Paler-JicKiR & Co.,must stand or fall with thewith the re-This of the case is doubtless ' presentationso aloneathey hopeof the assets from which to realize their demands.progress" are in the to the advance of civiliza-AbNsteur, in a few days, would contain a speech of M. OI LaTALCRB, the French Ambassador atCoBstantinople, on the Baatem question, which would staitb Europe with the disclosure of theII|:-and inin 1849. Therewasnostorytofa mismidersunding between Gen. Lamor-lonn and Hushal Guro.v is contradicted. The living in a log cabin, and drinking hard cider—a settied rule, is a newspapernews has been anticipated by the tele- grams of the Prince Albert." Give himbeingmere matter of convenience. It will be timeInglishthese,"and then some striking illustrations of it. Tribune publishes two letters from Chicago con- cerning the Burch divorce case, in whic^i the, ^.tiMcium ofMr. Babrxtt. Mr. Blair crats have learnedfromsomething experience.uoN, and disperses his army, the road to the generally complaint " "can Club met and rosoluUoos to-night passedthe claim of thePresi-rittee, reporting against mentthe humble life andoc- and they cannot fail to secure a complete tri- upon the enemy'stowns andvillages, which isto whichan effect upon the public mind," and says, on " re-that there are other and stilldsntrililu spedal message of March 28, to be ex- es^itSd ftam any faiqoiry. After some debate, the icaidotion was adopted, on vote—Teas 87, Nays 40.umph by investing the capital of the Republic,authority," Mrs. stronger proofs ofdajraanuag and anixed at Baltimore at noon, that men rise from the lowest to thelaeeixed by the Mayer and city aBttn^M^ Xfbh whom they subsequently dinedmayest position in the nation.high-clatlamiSt. Locis, Friday, Juas &xTMaaarwWaiA House. The display on the part ofthe de But it is not worth while to make the mis- nation,tli^y-werejure Powers.—itiuentverymuchgrati&ed and as- UftTWrelteuaI HcBTKR were Jo^theseaims,uent consisted of twelveProbablythelast Mondav in September.»or which wereone-story destroyed by firehas been made a candidate.If he were stillrightat seathe AJannal Bjlsin aid of t"'h<e= Hnali'l IfnnSnV-j Z ""."'circumstances,recommend those who desire to bring the " belief " consist.* in a total UBbelief as they are attended them, nor was there any displsy. 'ia estimated at *2,00O. It is Mr. HAnyiEui was filling a ttallxset fire to the com-sorted unless leaders are afraid of to,driving!'Waxbbiowb, Friday, Joae S.]oisii« faii^Dff U^vSmif^ not explode.The proceedings of tits Ql^OOd'Lod^ yesterdayKvewngfollowingspeeches ne^lym iu delftientioaSL l&>.tM morning law of tbe land and toS*rJoaxs, N. F., Wodne«i»y,Jane*- been|habit ofascribing|Ito mislead en- tbusias'tic politicians intothebeliefthatsimi- lar results can now be produced by similar de-take of supposing that the fact of splitting nected with the entertainment of the Embassy raUs, or of living in a log cabin In eaily life,on the trial." If there is anymore hypo-critical and cold-blooded style of moral assassina-tion than this, we shall probably see it developed stallion to harness. Three preoiiims a( in the Trii/unc's columns in due season. fis (liii liiiit lix |h hied lull. lhiaiMi|h h|itonished (MUL The whole proceeedings con- ware of a most enthusiastic nature.Contested Scats.the population man by man. The Mayor, or producedTheHawBBV, situated m East Wiiliamsburgh, New-up,pyroteehjiicestabhihment of the Messrs.—are dead, it is ver}' gratifying to know that thetown, Qgsena County, L. I.,was blownverance and virtue enough to escape from tlieIRepresentativesasdealingwith thequestionof armed He collects them from his neighborsNowthatsevenoftheCentralParkswans androadsterstalliontohamasa; Uttfortheasooad bast and aiOO for the third bast of sscti descripOm oTtastantly Mr. Hcvby Hawielo.anotheroftheproprietors,andaman suitsalmostcoBBeeted with thaupyester-paindifficultyrecommended thethe President of; <aaartofchangesof iha ane." After a spWtwJ eootiaoe to the matter on __jeationxxasrefetied. Noooil- preaaattea- witnesses, and tmtess the ertdenoe ahaU ttoBs of blindoeas eenoeniar vmiiable faton glvea atteaMOBmovatadalargebeUShe Qaaniotine OommissJonerapect a report of the result by the time thaiA very limited demand prevailed for Cotton at at about pretioos qnotatioas. MUwaukee Oluhtardy action of Congress in determiidBg tluongh which thethe of this man or that to aat tha«paartbBt«syhaxelag ;«r rilm and (ha baasrWheat was pretty actixely soughtprices. Comad^ranced a ahade, haxiag ibondsnt. Proxisionswerequiet,aswerelikewise Fish, Fruit, Foreign Liquors. Metals, OUs, Tsllow,pageant paaaed,in Tobacco. Whisky was de- Spsnishopbdon taaded OattlMTsban.xlpwIfes.pMeeM s( gold. TkaaMindiaeallrMNMaaakalreportedpressed and tower. The Frdght engagemento were limited.Th« 8«tn>wa of a GaaUiate.like mament a man becomes a candidate for the Preddfeocy lie ia open to peraecntion in Tailedforms. Notoiily'dohisopponentsfeelenough to warrant aay inqaiiylnto the facts of that thethe case, there is certainly reasonsMe ground tisement of the BeUbeen sustained by drafts upon irol4tf~>BBAI>irAT—Pa«r. Jamm' Kaoicai Xxtxb- to Godfrey's Cordial. In that chaotic period reliance upon this base and fraudulent Qov-when boyhood endsr while it would be anJfair to ronBTHATSHUK- saytliatnuuihoodbegins,iiisdoingsaremademanIjy contracting with BABavif for his littie giant and hearing him through the City on their shoulders.as M-passions of youth, and indulged in worse dissi- pation than sermons and soda-xrater. The$7,000,000. They ask an extension of five years, promising to surrender 25 per cent, ofTo this the Committee reply that even if portswere blockaded, any merchant vessels thathappened to be oattide would be safe, and Comptroller to draw his warrant for tJuni- Thsaata floor was raasrrad te tksof thecdomns, and in tbe reflectioa one is puzzledday »«niBioAswAT—IxHinnos toknowwhetherbeshouldworshipasaint,orgive his xote in the coming election to defeat a devil."faithful likeness" of the noirinee, he is made_fe *BW togethei aexeral thonsand persona, the mangled victim of the poets, and done to has doubtlesswranglingCouncil arecomposed.l>»l>sMSSon bmI thsb *ltmt^!^m. oeadedtottaabaleo^of tha B0M, xAUstha^Cte an procMsisB passed la miew baton AnS'^Wl^^ifiHfc'il the nominations anaidmoasly, and death in rhyme ia a fashion which whollyrecently paidlars, and taken drafts on Paris or London. in view of the fact that there is notplacetiis xetoupon it,butpossiblytbe Hone Gllssorfhs Baataav aic IniSsisa sFlCwithout stint. Hon F. A.^^ttteapeaketaitB PHiHnd and the report of thetranscendsthecrueltyofprose. Forinstance, -of tbe Baitimore ConvenUon was not a month lias elapsed since the nomination br Hod. EKaarvs Brooks. Speeches of Mr. Lincoln at Chicago, and yet that un-for on the when the veto was eveningwoaldnotraeatxaanvxirttan, sad OMt aBxroold ba praUbUad ftaaiiBlradfawiBanflSZ^'ihrHon. JamssH. QcAMLlsand Hon. A.HmtT,ofTennessee,andHon.suddenlyprevent the message from reaching them, and in consequence (the ten days allowed by law for the conaideration of papers having expired) it becamefortunate individual has already been made the B. TjiVOB, of North Carolina. Tbe themeofmoreodesthancelebratetheprowessin ourthus received has been paid out by them to the erty at sea in time of war, or to abandon the a law. The has not beenBMxafaig.Ttdsaftasaooa the Smbasn dlaad wOhttngba^snd iiwbun of the City Coasaa at Aa m5mjiMeh Of the exening xras made bx Hr.and a half, re-'"» positions of the Democratic and Re- quitedday,respect private prop-of AcBiLi.isor the doings of Hictob. Unre-imEbeenlessia that country.rightdistrict of commercislTork, cannot be excoaed en the ground thatThia hoose haa played a very coD^ticuous part ia suataiaingthe rotten fabric Knr- Teas, Hsmp and Seeds. Sugara and Molasses of prieateraft and tyranny xrfaich has so longimportancelike New-Igaonalsa togaU. tUamatadanaataf iagbaaaIt iahim ifhe has erer been led astray by the warm for $4,400,000, and that their assets amount toof block-tbe of sen! and Heaxen help subject vigilant tiny;reportedpracticeIlastthe Flench Minister, who liasmatic character the cloak for his mercenaryIjarl. -<wedge givenothing in the employment peculiarly condu- issued by that Government, and which formsany specialto the Presidency of the Republic. There isamount of ^60, which he desired to have dated. Therewaslittletimefor controversy, thecive to thedevelopmentof intellect; or to thelargeportion canA large and enthusiastic meeting of the' Demo-crats of Newcastle County was held to-olght. Absa*oMMDOw iMiteedto take a ,_»dedtview of the dutlea n4 «li^gadoul*f axrho contnda the oasmMno betwaen thiaOlty and tke Pacific, towaida fliaae whom he the merits of the case. At iengtb, however, ftto ttist awrtaltaa^^fNaa^iht aU emhas to completely if Us power. If it will a Coamlasion has been appointed toexandae sbiUag by oontnst xrtft their prexions ezUU-pobUcnaaa.of Imiillilliii was transaeted, snd an ad- tioB, inatead of permittiac it* eohunaa to be exceed in anount the thoosand pages of tlie exents-^eat^ay... ^ ^. loft wa-"" _^_ roatimm took i^ce till i»ort Tuesday eronJng.used to de^me ofiieia xxho may attempt theonooeol "Eaaanra'aFBteittSaiB'' lianapoitacs,oppreaaed the energies of the Mexican people. Its members are among the last of that long line of adventurers who have come from En-ropeforthepurposeofpreyingupontheigno-position at Washington. An arroneoasvery generally prevailed among the spectators,rance and neceaaitiea of the Mexicans;ptODonnoeerroDaons, tha»their failure aflbids good reason to hope thatthe race of mercenary phmderera has atdi|do-iaka placf taatwaaa iW t»» saWadt ~come to an end. The fact that Gabriao,engagedinthis display would consent to bacome mere migratorylute of ssxoBtecB gtes xras'.>nt>i Ifea J—andfor demanding its earliest possible settlementU^ IIHXATBE—OnsJtfUranSnAHTearlyineideBtsofhisboy-lifearedagfromob- tunesofhisaccomplices,willaffordverygen- TheChamberofCommerceseemstohavewithbusinessadxertisements.If,howexer.waAids;tbsrrestdaaisotthslntaad1imMVOAXDBir-AfluaMi(li^mn OoaaaBn-ireau-raoa rouoanx. ly amattwring Mm wUh ffl-jadged pralae. The\|I:I | !| {BrigadeofffjjUtOPITimTWlITTlTiTrBom. 'fromthe discriminatiag public,-.thalai limislslsuruiJWi liWHJII THlATM iyy^j niini o*»-majorityof the Committee of the Chambercandidate's name, we shall nextBmbaaay,cama theSLTlBoChy's Hsll TBsHtiiW.MdTna ronta of Oalows: Down Balttauca-stnat ts tiM ^ jIh^ iBStttste, whan Iha Wlj—j waa tSnuOr n ceixsd by M^or Siraav sat fta Tilhntfca af Ite- Po^)i-H05-T*»- 0»!r.and nothing but the data prexents lealousof the HinuBon mlBruIe in this country, whoseAthrough the (Sty, for tiieof purpose ringingby two -""Miyni —a WMiiyUyion. Exerythingthathedidafteremergingto trousers becomes known toeral satisfaction ia the oommonlty which sufferedsodeeplyfromhisschemes. Andhas theput iteeU out ef temper very unnecessarily on Thursday, upon the subject of privateering.are wrong, and the members of thedid resort to the clap-trap of escorting a bellof fks City CosBdIs, sad iba Triiiliiii a(-ipinaforesand unprincipled projects, shares the misfor-lesson will not be lostupon those partiaaasgsaked followed br thaliaatablishmentwhichhas nowtteenrainedernment.faithnegotiations with European powers, for theamusement ofthees-byitsporpose of securing the immunity of privateaneet of exents in Europe was becoming for- of government and political economy, for But all this will avail hut little. The house of tion and the influence of Christianity, are for which payment was demanded, upon the gen- P. Sbaibok was choeea Chairman. The meetingjmuble. The dissatisfaction of the Eoi- which tlie incumbent of that office will have Jeckeb & Co., and all of those who have rested ;largely due to motives purely selfish. Prison- tleman who effected the compromise. H the was addressed by Jambs MoaxsoHiST sad SASsnheavenly maid to whom allusion has before been TowasxBs, Esqn. Rssolutioas warn silopted ds-pen of the French with the course of .Ithe board. The concern -hasdoubtlessconsiderablecoinonhandwhichers are not killed asfromhumanity,nodoubtthe other side can kill also. The proof of this having her lyres, her lutes and wardrobe pro-TiorOB EKiStJXl, was no longer disguisedspecial need.uponit,go bythey ;were, partlyand Jsna Hoar- appdnthig; and the belief that he had concluded a secret alii- anee with the Emperor of Russia, in regard not to the Italian but to the Turkish question,onlytheooHzaT and Sajccxl Tdwmss Delegates to Iha Bal- timore Convention.MOVEMENTS IN~ LOUISIANA. INSTBCCTIONS' TO TBX BALTIKOBX DtLXSATSS.Thegained ground. It was also intimated that the spicuous a part, i« very likelyofIn the matter iteamera which take passengers •^plated, and the unposiog cereraony of instal- to Califoiiiia. recurs to circmnstance that he com-wyaascdpublic opinion," themains stituencya sham and delusion.and thinks the may have wrought theThe line Breton Island has through CapetaV^NeelloBhlifires In the woods,wUAhas MfplaythingsgreaUydamaged byof theoffiesrs was ofremaining grand overciowdingNot thirty per cent, ofbirds enameled visiting cards;anad Asylmum «SSn ,^^r*^ -^"^ """"«« of the evenmgto he treated with careless the Tims," nor anything of the kind- neglect. The delay of judicial tribunals in,are notreligious,sectA train left here Baltimore,at SI o'clockmuniat fcr^ •SdTh"2o'r'n^'°°TM°'" "*'ofof teach thai the soul is a material substance andnotedlan.w.tbe State Prison. Theconductingprivate "ceiveB.BaiUT,_a'"'*'* Eastern S'a? *»«.ofagainstHe only causedbetween private citizens in matters of merely personal interest, is oftep''TM'^'i crowded hjtiie Court of General Sessions vesterdavsubject war, andTrade of PhfladalfMn. PKUAnauiiA, Friday,b^SBtore.private propertyat sea in time ofJane 8. 1204,603 SiW**SSS.rr=rntE^e°.-Sld7e\',^r^^^^^^Privateeringgambler and rowdy to two offence which »»»<»»mittod was an assault with tntent tonavieswould be of little ser-their ^^^^^_^_Whbat•km. ,5,:^J.^ »»'''f^x.»?'«"-l«'''« Judge Rt-show muchLizzie Martin, a sprightly Shaker of 17 years,^^^Jt'^^j*'^^^^- I' "«» ^ntfdpated enlisted in his^.-ke would have been sentence.1 to the Su,e actively PpiMi'Hit tso years. from thatBWiflieut raid agauut awnhigs on Broadway appeals.protecting very public opinionwllh anamed Murray. She could not pet?uad« him toquiat. WhsaiIpeculiarHoward-streetst |5 etl.PBOAraiMU, Friday. ^""^ Ptooa dull; white, »w"may and last made.upon,faned by the touch of a Sheriff who never sang a note in his life, it is probable that never again would her mouth have given utterance to sweetthe tenor of herhave been discordant. We trust that Gazzanioaof 184U, in which thelog cabin and hard cider" played so con-;byand it is constantiy re-everybody shall notcampaigncryhe seizedand with which the firstIt must be remembered, however, thatfightbut inasmuch as there whs will not be thusaflected by this Athenianvices.the cry was then started as a taunt by the en-emy. The Baltimore Republican, the organ ofoutrage.no fear of retaliation, they werestnmg up and It were too bad were her " sweet bells sadly withdrawal from the Balttmon ConveaSiao, thsLouisiana delegates be authorised to set with Oc shot by the dozen when the fighting was over. jangled out of tune" for the balance of her na- Richmond Convention.said the hewillneverasktobePresident." Hisfriendstook up the sneer, and turned the tables upon his assailants, by making a merit of what tiieyUbaga, 12,000 men, has surroimded Mirajio.v nearfor the extension of the rule topropertyat sea,writer pronounces the supposition of tbe wife's in-Republican,which they know is sinking.It is also stated that Gen.Theelected of a sitting member's to his place so nearly reaches a settle- Ifcy the explosion. The value of the a mere splitfer-ot-rails no one would dream of ment as to have had the testimony all taken,severely wounded, and dozen others received slight injuries,pursuedhigherUstlies his fitness for the Ugh office for which he has ithepassed, questioncellent precaution.better in some respects if it had snggeeted itself somewhat sooner, but it is a matter of congratula- tion that it should have been thought of at all.{Iin which the shall be made, until the day's session diesanatural death, andis at^ength werevory burdensome, aiid oxct murtean hours pel Commodore Vax>sbbii,x to De amenable to the adjourned over. Meantime the matter re-( boUdtog was lilown tlnto tke'ab: MBNLU10 of powder in an ad-politi- Even theJeiiersoB Qnnty, xras toKlay fonad murder In the &rst dagras.gnU^offiftythem.vUle,him President.Commodore Vasderbilt's Steajjees. Theto suma dispute concerning the orderundecided, whether a great con-shall be represented in the Nationalmakingand permissionup grantedtheinhabitantstodespair,andsocuttingofftheir We hope»os SrsAGtjB, Jr., on trial for the suuder oT Jaxis Hssar an tha IMh of Jaaoary last, at Ospaa-rTbe Tuns of this morning, in trying to accountconciliatingPost has thefor the fact that "no attempt has been made to com-j'!'jlation took place. The reports of the Standinf eoccd a suit against the Tiius "some months ago" Legislature by a man whom the majority of aConmittees wereoatos, contmned throughout the aOemoon and tsxe silenced the Tmistheyhouse, whomgreat bankiag- it is not considered desirable totheir to the survivors not to leave then- cards.wiU be all right to a few dairs.evening.Among the ones principalto theare supported only bysubjected to lengthy and able de- fcr what It published on the subject.That seems toDistrict have elected,orbyone whose claimsto reque.st 'isitors payingEuropeanaews. Itwas the reso- rescmdin^ the resolution providing thatpost minority.by repudiating.and cer- what excited our surprise. AD very well ;—only it happens that Commo-wishes ofSuperiptendentIowa has tbe c-rnlittainly accounudore VASDBRBai did notofInpanadded apretty effectually, fortheA question like this is one of toooffesd them. respectsweMavemoBtaortSe J«P"*«-- Wassiswos, Friday, Jv»»9,thePottto announcehad done so, and to i«0test vehemently andawardingjusticethe subject of most just complaint HowEuropean Powers to reason on theto cl:urches, denythedivinityChrist,the horrible injustice throwing out any aspersions against his mudceditorially againsto|and more to be avoided is thatwhich affects tlie interests, not of one, but of thousands.*Value of iheimportsof tha weakhis ownbusiness. silenced eflbctuaUy,"justicematerial accessions to their ranks from thisofPost was thus not onlyso far as casting any censure upon bis steam- boat operations was concerned, but was also"commence a suitgrave importance—necessarytothat heopposedprivateering, to begin at the beginning. sleeps with the body until the resurrection. As Value of the exports of the weekbOHiU ont a savage letter from a leading mcr- We are very glad, however, that the Poff tioa has been bandied about from Congress to ades, come up first for discussion.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069''fall into the hands of amuch The delaygreaterwasof Paris, because in the present state of Euro-willpaymentoncebut mainly becauseIn addition to thisItalypre- in accordance withBatobTbe Bolting Demoeratic Convention adjoniaedyesterday, after providing that in the case of thalrof theirindebtedness can beis to be found in the treatment dealt out to vanquished rebels taken in arms, as in Hunga-failure, it is stated that the diplomatic corps has suspended all relations with the Miramon Government. The extent and meaning of this informationsoundslife would thenceforthRocax, Thursday,Jane T.alUad nlans. The reports from Central Italy areoMIaattitbctkin ia the army, and discontent withtte Administiation of Gen. Fanti, the Minister ofWar. It was hinted that Papal money had not the Democracy, sneered at Gen. Harrison as we cannot at present determine. If the "di-beea kite in producing this state of things. The a candidate, and attempted to ridicule him as plomatic corps," which has sustained the Mira- In like manner the immunity given to pri- tural life.mon Government with such" and withdrawn, they have doubtless left a shipvate property on land of which there is soFair play is a jewel in the conduct of a as well as elsewhere, and we have nowDeath afJohn Im 8eha*1er*ft. AisABT, Friday,:pertinacity,hasimpoi;tant;Issaa dapond of, by a xote of 94 against reason for it exists in this case. The Demo- cidedly the advantage. If he overcomes Mira- mally acknowledged it, nor have they and probity, and of domestic and social virtue," tbe funeral.^wM'BwoniiB,a...dtook his seat. Mr. Hickmancalled up his resolution from the Judiciary Com- They will net again venture upon the experi-acted on it On the con- commends Mrs. B.'s answer to the as an ' Tha Republican General Ckimaitttee and RepobU*ofcupation of any candidate as a reason against electing him to any office in the people's gift.one of the recognized usages of war— the elder Napoleon resorted in allcitinghomelyliableB.'s guilt than »ny yet sub- mitted. Upon this admirable basis, and with the 'til lluiiieM'Etaibiasy left Washington jester. It is ctiief among the glories of oar institutions sessois of which, in the opinion of several Europe to an extent that relieved France editorial addition that efiorts are making by a verywilland to morrow morning. Tae funeral take pise*man Presi-dent. Mr. Lincol.n had brains, energy, perse- last two or three days represent the House ofhappens is ordered within a certain time toconstitute reasons forelecting anyReports of Congressional proceedings lor theday afternoon. Two men, Mr. Charlm Hadfield, necessity of splitting rails and devote himself of the Missouri contested election, as if it Iforce.accordingly, and save the invaders the trou- vent their being poisoned again. They have de-.«tm«i«ogered. AUtheotherprUesare in with tbe former fssse of the Ajsoelatios,oneoftheproprietors,andanemployenamed toJacob Crmo, were killed. higherobjectsandmorewidelyusefulpur-momentasprivate lobby scheme for plunder. After half ble.guardiansof the Park have taken measures topre-—with which he hasI'Iquiteandin thisfact,and in the successwewell recognized a practice as the capture ofexary thingand msehanical work), embracbig tbe iitheand de an should beofGovernment of the and which Austria practiced in Piedmont favorable to Mrs. B., the Trihun' advises itsfacto regardedcapturingnatiotialarchives, thepos-partswere a matter ofthe term for which Representatives areanyas littleto the rival claimants, when the House wastes its time inaUnder thesethink wehaving many alreadyefIftheBarrett contest is worthy ol censure,more so is its inactivity in bringing to settlementimpositioBSto which it now the contested election case from this Districtthe subject of Mr. Sicklrs' contested elec-.Markela hy Velemrh. BALTueas, Friday, June S.tardyCongresssteady;M-po**acMonofintheBlairandvice and ;on landwhiW, $} 4M«1 <$dull; white, 7Jo.«75c; yellow, T0e.«r2c. Paovi- lioDS unchanged, Wbiset steady, at 21cbyby wholesale, instead of going round and robbingreaders toThe programme for the Fifth Annnai Fsb the St. Louis A^rienltuTal and Mechanical tionisreadyfordistribution. TheloadiagIs a sweepstake prize of tl,MO fw (he hSKlofUntitled DocumentCoart, k4 <<"x» ('o'u* to COi^reas, wfftoaT any arraaeemeat k«>)a(baen Hade mlflW•Vlea.for the takingoently ofteatiiMmy cOtaoiMldat-The pjttMiit^iiB^MMs otm-a»-\ Vaity in tfab Oity, xriik a sasaingHlssouii case, the public may reasenaMy ex-to it Mr, Williaxson would of the party's death. Tha ddes (rf (lietask^ aomethiBg may be accomplished towardsSTSiSeSdVinenewcUims. They &ok din- remedying the evils, which all persons golog Congresa expires, when the subject win nato- funeral ptomes, whils the bell ( where Exer- OBThaiadayjaTwlagttw» af Aahnaes decked withJ(8*b1-Weekly)—TIBMUob- nerandadjoomedtillWednesdaynext. byaeatoCaliforaiaarenowcompelledtoen- rallyhavelost somewhatthe interestthat itt went) tdled an antie^Kvy knell TiessaiTDapaitMsfipaatakxaaalon BUto The «>«T •vehicle weredraped delivery evening,in ofhuge poatersan-aXslilldydull one in Money snd ExchsngeASiain im Hexie*.The intelligence whleh weday, of the fiailnre of the mercantite house ofafter at fuU importance in its beariag apoa public affairsthe Institute in theatand nuBeiooa moomeis^ocks.;noehangela.nouncingeulogieaCooper^»^pertainsrytense thatthe rules of warmuch talk, far fromJaae 8. Hon. J. L. ScaooLCBAR died at 12 o'chick lastThis,enemy's shipsrepeat,war,per-supplies altogether,or unless there aretheydid notexist as to thedoubtSiCELXs to the seat For if there is doubt;with enough for the Chamber of Commerce to askIn the Senate, yesterday, Ur. Greene, of Mis-souii, reported adversely to the admission of theTmitery of Utah. The bill reported to carry intoaffect this Aaiatic treatiea, was passed. The re- had cited as a reproach. It was the intended Queretaro, after having overthrown his van- when it is proved that there is such a rule. nocence " almost incredible," indorses the hus. Senator Sxwabb started from Waahlogtoa ta hopes maMatof <b*aessiini was occupied with private taunt that made the cry so No such guard. It looks as though Uraga had de- The European powers have never either for- band's name as the "synonym of mercantile honor to meet his ftiend again Is life. He wfll reaiaiB at kdk.LitheHouse,tbeHissoori contested elec- popular.City of Mexico will be open to the Liberals, trary, the levying of contributioss ingenious legal document "worked up to produce;Fanad Gailtyafrepreaent.MTa~la-ls'."bta«tW^«i Dvlag*alrvMt«BAa»IBB«si|ataMMKMithis xiewdoubts of the fact be remeved at once. But if that fixe so nbUe-looking horses, and a companrapretenderoccupiesthedisputedseatletit he known, and have the intruder ousted imme-diately.charitablyIf the majority is rightly represented, let all for we are anwiUing to beliere^^__^ The Laws vf War.aspira-Tbe order ofthe irti prasMlikopening byp<^ticiansof a different schoolBattalion a( BtflMsnCMr «kaPaui£el^President has declared would be ofno use, un-jpir^saHuuT—,..-.cent interest. Their creditors refused this be enabled to continue their business between sand dollars in favor of Messrs. Hickli i Car- vltsd goestl. Ths entile boiUtav wu «m«daA Ismake mirrors of their their cajdtal each year, togetherwith 6perIraoaiaad oatiUe, aar <fpn^Kwition. It is quite probable that the neutral, and even enemy's ports. The mi- VILLX, for the right to use the fire escape whichassets of JicKBB ft Co. will prove for the most nority of the Committee, however, Messrs. they claim as their joint invention, in the City of eatiBace.part worthless, and that the -creditors wilt re- BoTAL Pbilps and John D. Jonbs, are so New-Torfc. In view of the fact that the macbine Fran tlas Instttnta Oie psaaasak. ceive little or nothing. This bouse has been in impressed xxith the importance of priva- liad never been practically teated, but that its BaltiiBore-streetto A]sqaIth,asBeatoTo say nothing of the pictorial papers, which the habit of its customers with large teering to the United States that they re- claims for approbation and merit depended on the Chaiias, tip Cbades to "irnst Tsmsa jliwi. %imuatonce setaction ofspecialfor itsmodel,hastydrafts on and resolve it into a receivingBurepeany proposalabolition,fns.Miat a high rate of exchange, the funds therefor at their banldng- house in'the City of Mexico. For instence, Mons. Gabbiac, alraut to leave for France,fuse to considerand recommended that the whole subject be laidon the table. A deal of goodJeckkB' & Co. also receive deposits,that theto have been sent to the Board of Coancil- Ouaid of Hoosr xraSdataOsd^S SsSrSaHdand theirthecoinofbusinessmenintheCityofMexico. Congress,oranyotherCongressthatwillbethevaults have been the principal depository of Powers will agree, either at the approachingFor two years past a large portion of the coin heldMiramon Government, they receiving from the blockade of commercial ports.retains the resolution, in the hope of finding somewaanadfiWB Hon. |?»t.i.»kt> Fillmobs, to the over roughest rhythm. Although church The firm have had no was never likely to be of value dering the City. Since the passage of the reaolu- ttre DepaitaMot with their staaa I _the a man of •CM tkat he would xote for Biu, and Exebitt. quiet and inoffensive habits, anaddicted tocentage, and from the priests mortgages on property. oppor-ing again anytothem. Theirnaviesarenowofasizeandpower such as was never dreamed of in thebeginning of the century, and tiie armamentand speed of the siiips is such that a protractedconflict at sea, in which privateers could been taken to put it into practical operation.book and ladder wan en coaqaaiesdragged tfarongfa lanes of tortuous verses, andplainedto Iba ABdMusadonaaslsiai«««««« VvasiMMild be the osiLj xote cast for them equestrian exercise, he is represented as a tunityEnrope ;thrown to a treat height, xtUeh saeaaisstnnlrii snd interest Oa xlstton, who iDqutries coaeemlng the aoxal azUbdka. GiBsae, tha Tiee-Ooxaraor oftha Kabi edoOdaUytheUghgrsitteatianorihaiJalUa state.Vk* Cimaid steamship Africa, which left Lix-iiiawil «o the 36th «tt., callinc at Queenstown on uSSttmiag dqr. arrtxed here yesterday morning. Ihe aeirs esabodiea xarious matters of interest. TVali ia no longer room to doabt the success ofwarrior mounted on an irrepressible steed,been tested with eminent successleading bearingan army on to in his band avictory, andbanner cov-" Their reeratton thiu &i seaas to hsxa ctxaa 1 ' '--^u r ilTir iiisiiiilHered with various nonsensical Inscriptions.tk*t city by assault. That the attempt would be tri- the days of his youth Mr. Lincoln wasxa^/^f^^tass xras n& reason to doubt, as disafiec- of splitting rails, but as he did it simply with turn of protested drafts from Europe, theytioB was nnixersal in the city, and the royal troops may have made a run on the house and cqi^dakenoaxailableresistance. AtMessinaa theintentofobtaininganhonestlivelihood,itofmuster at Cherbourg and Portsmouth, display plumes of her voice, was on the eve of her depar-PoUUeal. REPUBUCANS IN NEW-YORK. BSFITBLICAir lIBRUfO AT KTBUBX.new outbreak had occurred, which had been tem- is neither to his disadvantage or otherwise- caused its failure. While Jeckeb & Co., as pqndiy sappressed. Throughout the island the We believe that Mr. Lincoln himself does not the financial agents and supporters of theture for Europe. Her trunks »ere packed, andotmMteBthiuiasmprevailed. Themilitarywere skat up in tlte forts, leaving the country in the hands of.tkc insurgents. This representation of atfairs is, of course, denied by the official bulletins ol theChurch Party, are lost to that causeAcsinftr, Friday, Jaae & The Republicans of Cayuga County held awhich report tbe over- throw of the rebels and the entire loyalty of the linniilij Onthe other hand a Geneva paper sta'tes, what the London A«wi confirms upon what it declares to be unquestionable authority, that Gakibaldi had already gained possession of Palermo, and had proclaimed himseff Dictator ofslightest Sut he certainly doesratic had ever before been troubled. experience,Ccnxemioo. TheNaaaotitan Govenmient,sible, strange as the assertion may seem, to point to a single rule of what is called "intemationEl law," which is based on any- thing better than the convenience of theties who abide by it.which on declainyersxrastts tsigest ntt Sen^r Sstabb|!:Iii]iview that particular period of his life with anylargeCourt-Honas ia thisdexteritySicily.a Mngnnvr antidpaticn of the sure marchof exants. In the meantime the general acquisition of the knowledge of the principlesleast advocate some compromise whieh binds the Liberals to acknowledge the bogus stocktory, and exhibited a bill for photographs to the the of 16S6. The home of campaignpeculiar prideor although there their obligations, scattered as they must gratification,no sacrifice in the matter. It is almost impos- with which the fair prima donna, in all her ope--mauland thehimtitlein it of which he has thebe in large sums and among many, will raisea small ai my of creditors, every one of whom with the will sustain the Miramon Government, or atand Hob. Jaios C. tmia ofis nothingreason to be ashamed. not claim that his manualCUeafoCanaadsigna.most enthusiastic that has been held la this city riaeaguiltyoften tickled our tympanums with the silveryto meet their and the prob- ability is, that since the lailure of Mibahon's ex- pedition to Vera Cruz, large drafts from Europe have come back upon them protested. It is alsoto send the coia to drafts, even if they had it on handbe- tween the two parties attended the reading ofwas qnaiterad. On thslr sntxd at thaBovse tbs **tffc'into the bands the reporte, which seems to us to have been a resolved toof JicKXB hundreds of thousands of dol- very unnecessary expenditure of warmth, inkling of his intentions must have leaked ont,slightest probabilityEuropeanV^either to—"Whenand we cannot to have less confidence in the stability of next go to war, the fleet of one or the other herself in so unpleasiant a predicament as that works in ftoot of the htotaalt, aidlhaf'aoAquite probable that the continued successes of rove about and pick up stragglers, is allBiarek.iipan the capital from Marsala appears to titudes as a rail' splitter and as a guider of the Lil>erals in the interior caused depositors but impossible. When France and England young" it is not at all likely that she everfouB^(whoChurch Party,) and simultaneouslydisappear Powers in possessionIt seems that this pretty prima donna, who has soA.M.,such forces as nowpar- Many of those rulestoliqui- heartUy responds tbe nomlnatloB.streets by a longtrainofUaplaT.ecoavUAad, •wins"long toogueandemptyhead''thataoxreII ty^fied the party organization. And wretohone nnfidingthe predJcUon, that the BeU xrouM be of Mr. wrung m despair before Exei«tt was raised to aventuredspectacle wss only designed as an adver-of so men as those fine-appeaimgOB ttas OBlhe^iUxalaflhs]on their expect to see rivalin theraU through Broadway, and thea of Dooo-indulgingproperty at sea in time of irar. This the Lis typifying the tiom«nc (i< g-iotre of that slates- partBsatbowexOT, haa rafmsM to »s liiWw sndEverettmeeting;we pndaasBSlal,sadItIsSomefiveweeks since the Tmscluon- icled the passage of aresolntion through both branches of the Common Council, directing theW.and Oaa. C. n'ninaiii. aeaa(M aMworkingthose who did not know of what material theto the Maiyor duly authenticated, and he at oncemen, so they adjournedas to to attend them dnilBg Ihatr slay,tion adverted to, an escape-ladder and apparatus, such as are used in London, have arrived, and haveIha readyforapenttssLNaBereosstreaasafs: ~but it is yet to be ascertained how far this privilege of usmg an untried machine is likely to avail, as no steps have.music, heavenly maid,rirrv-^ "KSSMttS^tStT^iidasS^'tiiB aabout as much magnanimity and disinterest-edness in agreeing to dispense with tbe aid of the steamer was waiting at the wharf im-privateers as Louis Napoleon would display at patient to be freighted with Madami and herthe head of three hundred thousand men, in fortune,", when an unmusical Sheriff attached theagreeing not to employ guerrillas. There was baggage. This attachment was different from any city last evening. Tbe speakers were Hon. Taso-The Sheriff did not sue norsighhe wasperemp-meetingdisciples;;NATIONAL DEMOCRACY OF DELAWARK. "4azpna- sive of deep regret at his deaib, and condoUng with his bereaved family. Hit remalci will be bron^* •« a special train, which wHJ arrive here tietwaen tUfandUnited States Senators, must constitute at once from almost all the cost of his campaigns, liberal expenditure of mosey to create impressions Sit. Lauis Acrlcalmral and Meehaafcal"as such other last year is simply taking private property keepin un- judgments suspenseor officer who constable, anyto turn provide so much money, such a quantity of provisions,and so much forage, underthe laws ofcided that hereafterbeit would haxe been upwards of $24,000. The next Faircal reasons lorwritten promises to pay which commanding force. A correspondent states that a day or twofor whatthey appropriate on the march are notoriously amuse themselves by tearing up and throwing tothe th«n in any war are ever redeemed, unless poisoBThe Bmaurm Telmgrmfk Uaea mad the Foralso News.officers in occasionally giveexchangebefore thecalamity, a group of boyswere seen tosteamer was waiting and theoa compromised for the release of her baggage by paying 120, bestowing the photograph of herself,made, had been treated in so scandalous a fashion,noundngseceders,theirtil tbe truth shall be established by the evidenceisas at present established, as legitimate and mitted to feed them with exerything. This is an ex- floral kingdom. Ac. The premlnnx "it will not be consideredawait the results of the pending chemical analysis before putting this new and excellent regulation inpoorlitUe Gazzani-WnimaTOa, Friday, Jane 8.party reallyBianetaa; ForslgB OaMalsLtfcr^fc., 1, .J1--J.tidingof thesemischief. In that case it may be advisable for the caused some unavoidable deUy In the transmissloam ex- offering unnecessary advice, when we istence. They .ire lino^n as soul pleepers. Theircouldpropertyor practice. So that we have not yet, by any has, plunged the community at WarrensvUle, Ohio,privateersprivaterespected during hostilities, either in theorywhere immunity for into coDStemadon by slopingpeanthey slightly modifyFlouk quiet ;means, reached theyoung man,1 ctefa^JBadaacyJIpointmerchant ships, and the abolition of block-8»i ra4. «1 31«»144. Cos»" cloyNi »•«quarter, is not tenets.; rsd,«ilMailnewto'hethiawith the Japanese on board. Na eaooftoftlipie are many sleepy souls in our City cong'ega- abandoned by the Congress lions this sultry weather, the new sect misht re-watstcoats, so she did the next best Utiag. aiiitSbjured.Uiedt^herteU. ..ore. Wasod»a.ll. atadopt long;yellow,;Ctty, Major KBxaas,-# .1..the utmost, sad. fhoosaadswas..beaneanledoatinamaaaer »*»ii,.jas foHsas Ths MiijiMt *!xrasMaKa, 9tm. t. t. Wm^.T-rT-rli sU iiiiiniifci ky tteyMt «iwhom hsd adalssioa tlcksts, anabla tax«b« STS be saeorted to tbe eais for PhOsaeMis tiiMiaBratification meetfns at thesoiB M. tmm this dlstiiet ta ths PoioBOT, delegateTheover this city, where his maoy good qualities as a citizen and virtues as a man endeared him to all classes.nightintelllgeocehas cast an unuinalgloossat about 4 o'clock to-aorrow afteraooa.:'. -iiawww.fultonhistory.com 