 ••/ • a • • -tm •IProvince of Granada, containing a population of tive slaves. the point is this: that if one monopoly may thus be 19,648 persons committed in 1859, full 12,000 wereabolished, then all others may bo; and, if they bP, for drunkenness or its results, while 2,000 othersbetween 400,000 and 500,000, upward of 4,000 con- Mr. Pierce also brought to light a quotation from then free railroads and free bridges will be inaugu- were offenses indirectly proceeding from rum. Hoscripts had been drawn between the commence- Rufus King, which contradicts point blank thement of hostilities and the 1st of February; and rated throughout New-Jersey. On the other hand, alluded "to other statistics from the- same source,language of Judge Shaw in "the opinion given on if the bridge monopoly of the New-Jersey Company showing the shocking results on this communitygraph) by the " the uudei-keepers," from the view of with the child on it—throe or four men and boys the "principal keeper." These designations, by the walked in front firing rockets, and the military bandby, are objectionable. It is prison language, and Con- followed, playing the gayest music. Regarding the veys the idea that the Institution is a prison, instead ofa hospital for tbe sick. The chief officer is " the Su- death of children as merely their translation to an pe: Inter dent," who, of course, is required to bo a well- angelic existence, euch an evtnt among these people is educated physician. He has three " assistant rhysi- an occasion of rejoicing rather than mourning.Tea Hays ago tie Spanish steamer Maraella, ia>wldch I o*me from Malaga to Marseilles, torcheda* Ba/eefema. It waathe third day of iihe 56te ia all the necessaries of life have doubled in the lurgeroad interests.On Thursday the bill was called up, and the intentiontermined the election of Mr. Ford as Printer, though his election was by a majority of two. For it fe said that bad cot the Horn Mr. Davia of Maryland givenPUBLIC M,Iwaor of the eapture of Tetuan. The broad, cities, at least since <Jueen Isabel concluded to spend streets and alamedas, of'which the city may well be what V as in her treasury in Morocco, because sheyxon4t were hnng with the Spanish colors. The did not know, according to a Madrid on dit, howState. Maine, in spite of Peck's defalcate ns andstealings, will probably come out right. And as to wide-spread strikes. No doubt this excessive pro-BOARD OF AH A crowded lobby was in a*to:else to dispose of it. Spain, from having been one >e*d#, in banner* and arches and festoons—people of the cheapest countries for a traveller in Europe, thronged the plazas; and in every cafe and choc- has become one of the dearest, if not the dearest.ijsoon, *t tbe regnL*r session of •dent took the chair.«MB* red atd yellow flowed from many maafc-A pet-itim waa received frO-siada, Cadiz, and Barcelona; at Madrid the journals - are not sold in the streets Everywhere was good hemor and joymlnees. Only the unlit candles in erery window, awaiting sunset, looked as if the jocd time were yet to come. Barcelona evidently believes, as does Madrid, I am told, that at the endthe price of shoes. Its effect will be to relieve a Perhaps, but I doubt. Spanish pride seems • to projects for speculation and money-making before glutted, market, by gradually reducing the stock by increase in inverse ratio to property. The it. The lobby is uncommonly active; the horse- the consumption of the next six months. This isThe question has been warmly agitated in thewettern counties, and the domaud for relief from the Mr. Poor was chosen Mayor by 330majority, and M. B. ruinous policy of the leading railroad lines will be de- McTighe Clerk of Mayor's Court. M. B. White City manded with incioa&ed earnestness, until some sub-stantial reformation is attained. That it could beteemed promptly, and with vast advantage to all the-railroads, and ample relief to the people by concurrentaction, is clear; but the vote in the Senate yesterdayindicates that Pennsylvania will not move until ahe voung man of his acquaintance wrote to Horace will be seconded in good faith by Maryland, New-York Greeley over four yeara ago, asking his advice,I did not go over to Ceuta, although it would have been easy to do so from Gibraltar; but it would have cost more time, money, and strength than I could afford, as the camp was seven or eight ieagues inland. Moreover, no one who had b*;enit puts him on a footing with those who wear velvetdoublets and a shirt. Did we all agree that we RAILROAD LEGISLATION IN NEW- with the shoemakers. Stocks are accumulating,across had seen anything worth while. One re- ported a squadron of Moorish cavalry in the dis- tance, and a battle-field on which lay some wounded art31*Ty wagons. Another managed to get to tbe iron', lines, where he saw two Moors killed. The6IK: in your paper of the 3d inst. ia an article withthis caption: "Rumored Barbarities in tbe Uticaln- follows, and shows the practical light in which " sane Asylum.'" Tben fellows a copy of the petition " H . G." views questions like the one proposed tobim:" NKWTYORK, Nov. 15,1855. "DKAR SIR: I judge thai there are tiree times aa many lawyers «nd doctors in tbe country as are need- ed, and, judging from the price of flour and beef, not half enough farmers. Of conrea, I judge that you could better look toward growing: grain than mikingday for the capture of Tetuan bad been fixed so often, that one could not be guided by rumors re- specting it. But I have seen the war in Spaiu in itsMr. BOOLE moved to 1-y tLondon Times has told you more than once, are among tbe best 'armed, best disciplined, and best officered troops in the world. I saw a larfte detach-ment at Malaga, drilling upon tbe beach, where the surface was extremely uneven, and I never saw troops go through a series of evolutions so well anywhere; in effect, they did everything that Miey were likely to be expected to do on the field— singly, in small companies, and together.Everything, from the bayonet charge, the advance of one line before another to fire, the retreat, the formation of squares, or of columns to the march, and the halt, was done in perfect order and with ayoung and oh), exercised their power of inertia with ponent leaves. Members of our Legislature get come out of Native Americanism. As a statesman .surprising effect. I heard a young lawyer speak of only $1 50 a day now. For the first forty- he-was nothing; but he stood high as a good, com-unanimity of action which was marvelous. It couldnot have been bettered. As for his arms, the Spanishsoldier carries, in addition to a knife and a revol tenure.is uncertain enough to suit the most inveter-ChiefsJustice Green has been confirmed as Chan- cellor, an office vacant nearly two years—kept so by the Democratic fc en ite till now—in the vainGovernment, managed by a Board of nine Fire mothers, husbands, wives, children, brothers, sistersbent of that stripe. This long hiatus has done in- Commissioners, three to be appointed by tbe Mayor and friends, who are afflicted and anxious on their ac- -^-The Ka.loxi.ga Gazette announces the arrival in STEWART in the cbair.•ver, I believe, a better musket, I am told, than the ate hater.of the.Judiciary.English or the French; and such would be my The House voted on Tuesday, 102 to 97, to amend judgment. It is heavy but the bearer is accustomed j the Militia laws by striking out the word " white" to heavy weights; and in the mere matter of en wherever it occurr, and the next day passed thecalculable pecuniary injury to hundreds of people, made the twenty-one Sheriffs in the State lose all their profits, and caused a frightful accumulation of business. But Judge Green is a legal disciplin- arian, prompt, laborious, and, being in the prime of life, will bring up this leeway in short order. He is an old Whig, nvw Republican, an 1 not committed pro or con as regards the great railroad question which underlies all others just-now;The House has passed the bill for a railroad from Millstone to the Delaware River, thus giving the New-Jereey Company a clean cut .from Jersey City across the State, thence to connect with Philadel- phia by a road in Pennsylvania already chartered. But the Senate Committee have reported against it. Other projects are yet to come forward, but it is doubtful if any of them can be carried. Mr. Stevens'sroadfromNewarkseemstohaveabsorbed all the real interest of the session.persons is, that the bridge monopoly over the Hack- so great that applicants formed themselves iuto a patient which bears a resemblance to a "cell." Every Misa Ransom ia a native of Ohio, and, we believe, ensack and Passaic rivers, as now held by the New- long line, which reached two or three times around room. thus occupied, is a well- warmed, weU-ventilatod,Jersey Railroad, is as absolute now as it was when the room. A great cry has, of course, been raised •well-lighted, and comfortably-furnished apartment. from the same county with Mr. Giddinge. Her talents, granted, in 1790. This very question, the turning- against Judge Ludlow by the rum fraternity, at There ie not a " glass door in the Institution, except a we think, are of a high order, and we venture toCourt-House, and-*ubmir tiiej The Mayor sent in a veto I the enlargement of the iie|which was to be given to :h« the Controller.The Mayor sent in his v-rdj ing the Legislature to maJ the tax levy for a new C(»i;ra in our advertising columnMr. BKLL iiiquirtd tf tb-.t^ larcouree; the Legialatuf: item in tho Tax levy.The reply was t&at it wtyujMr. TWKEO eaid that tLc I relation to the tax levy.Mr. Piraor espreered his should veto eo necessary Hml Mr. BLUNT thought teat :f[notimewouldbelost.13v the resolution ordering p.Uirui go on witb it.Mr. TWKKD moved that itl Avita that section of thefrom the Major the veto poj ing to the t*x levy.The PRESIDECT stated ths| - aticn of the veto was qu:t-. properiy before the Bon.ro.Mr. BLUNT moved that table, prmtad in the wiortt«.• a newspaper. C«trritd, V :o\ In the course oi a Jitti stated that he had joroic*: Fernando, who compare-;more members of the Bcurc his veto than to pass it in tiie never make a majority of .-e has head. If there woe i->'sfavor of the measure, be *\o Mr.PuR.nr—WhenW/Att Mr. KKNNKDT— It wyjHi'N Mr. PURDI ottered the foiltVhcreat, It is generally und«rsj lature of th* Sttie hav« uuetted c*nCy Kv:u pasted bv thst b<-oj Govcjnuj^ut, aa auiuuui to [>* • ;c direction cf the Coma;:.-s'cn.<.- s th« cont/sct for indices of Gt&uul in t*e Re^ieUr'b Off.ce: acdWhcrem, Th« Coouuu»i->rto paaud April 30, 1S35, &~vu to monies fcppropuntod to be u<>.judi i«ti« a oi>u*r; and Whereas, Thin Uourd dee*completion of tee w o n of •A Gran'.eeo of conveyance* *n ft: believe to be of grea- velu? euu b{"tax-payers; then-foreJReriitred, Tliat; the H02. tbo LYork b* memoiial 7e<l t>y tbe JA'MJ ty of New-Y ck, t'er ihe p«s«&s<* o{(The act provide* thai the ho-iS place of tke CcnjOiL.t-ioneri <.-r tie Uact iu relation, to prinnuj IJIJI of oouvejance* ia the R^gi-'er's 'Mr. BLUNT thocgiit this,?* Mr. BKLL called tor thr a; Mr. PURDY.—Dor/t b? i Mwas creasing Uie hallj.Mr. BKLL.—Do tou call • Mr. 1'UKDY.—I think ti * •it wilt b» sus aineo by ths C Mr, KKNNKUY sug^;:s:t>iCJjlutioa rju:i,sht be to give t'u don aci Baker approprut •to Board, in order to have seta by tho Governor oi his wtoMr. Pardy's resolution Stey?*rtf and Connor oiav vTho bill of the printer co bitt, for the/last mouth, hi. Id nreeiinfca ana tha Conuoii«3 acUou, 'Mr. TWKKir p'telu.d \ni "Vfl u t e « v% e r e n o t s o w t ! 1 d o u * thtm. • • . -Mr. BLUNT s&td that tb< nm were ipaUe as well done «s a) they cvfet o»ily oi.e I ar'th a*After m i c r o btisioc*^, h day, at } aif pa$S.*i t>- t».Ou; IN VIRGINIA.— Tbo up in;the viviuity of Park; rs acresOtland in Wood, W: have bc«u bought oV-iwi-itt who i: Tend boring for oil. Wood County, are vte-.diri* day. Twenty miles from Pi•Western Railroad, cs.ni • i beex discovered, and «i< •« tiJ np. NearCairoSutjpp,'SOI, . a mineral bitumen haL» Lej ^'.••4iaEonii of oil per tun.— [Widurance, of fatigue, and privation, is a match, Iam-sure, for any soldier in the world. He is ac- ter further opposition, and is quite likely to fail ofcustomed to live on bread and water, and a little reaching the Governor, who, I suppose, standsweak wine, with garlic or olives for a relish. He ready to "kill it, as he did at the last session. Theis wonderfully temperate. Out of 1,500 soldiers discussion -which has taken place in the Legislaturethus taking and keeping the whole thing out of dan- Editors, to send not only over this State, but over the daughters, with their husbands and children. Schamylger of being degraded to a partisan level. The United States, in the columns of your widely circu- was reading when the approach of the party was an- lated and influential journal, such a paragraph as Iannual cost will be f 90,000, half to be pail by the have quoted from lait Saturday's TRIBUNE, without nounced, and he appeared at first greatly moved byCity Treasury, and half by the Board of UndCr- satisfactory evidence of the truth of the rumors which the intelligence, but soon recovered his composure, and _ writers. All the volunteer companies now owning j on mention 1 In so grave a case, ought you not to knelt down to offer up thanks to Heaven. He then sat steamers will be invited to send in proposals for selling have been more than usually careful ? You have dis- down to the table, and bad just, began dinner when their houses and apparatus at an appraised valua- turbed and dittreseed many, very many homes. Cer- hia youngest son, who had ridden on first, entered thetion, and in this way the new organization will be ainly this sh-uld not have been done without suffi-promptly put in working order. The whole plan cient reason. Of course, no objection can be made to rcom. The reception was very ceremonious, thoughwho were quartered for several weeks in Malaga, and out of it, since the veto, will probably result in not ooe was seen in the slightest degree intoxicated;while in Gibraltar one could not walk a block with- the passage of the law before a great while, and I out meeting a drunken soldier or sailor. He is ac- think Congress might well employ some of its leisurethe publication of the petition; but that, in fairness, both were evidently much affected. . After kissing hiscustomed lolong tourneys; and although smaller in in the examination of the subject, with the purpose ot enacting a law which shall be entitled to some stature than the French, as the French are shorter degree of respect. The law of 1792, which ourthan the English or Americans, his face ha* a look Supreme Court tells us we must implicitly follow, of determination; and one feels that he can fightpretty well on a-pinch, as this war seems to have has been a dead letter here ever since 1840, if not" officered. The officers arc, I .may add, almost half. zens;" others the qualification "able-bodied;" a head taller than the men on the average, and are others tbe qualification as to age. Georgia admitsevidently intelligent masters of their trade. The aliens by express enactment. Texas admits free dress of the Spanish soldier is neat and warm—a colored men, saving nothing about color; Massa-should have been left with the Btatement that a com- father's bsr-d, the young man retired to some distance,proved. At the, .game time, I am not prepared to longer, .and it receives no greater degree of respect inotherStates. Mr.PierceofDorohester,inaguiltj should be punished; but the attainment of tinskind-forthem—hasbeeninaugurated;andlast enddoesnotrequireeucn.aterriblemessageasyou joinhiminreturningthankstoGodfortheirprosper-affirm, as did a countryman long domesticated in speech on this subject, which exhibited the results Madrid, that the capacity to live on less and to -of much research and study, showed that twenty make longer marches, implies the capacity to fight •States had in some particularjdisregarded the law as better than French, English, or Americans. But to the descriptif n of persons who are to be enrolled. the Bowery boys would do well to remember that Ttie law of Cor gross prescribes that free able-bodied two-thirds of the 40,000 men who garrison Cuba white male citizens between the a-»es of 18 and 45 are not ragged cabaiJeros, but troops, thoroughly shall be enrolled. Some of the States omit the armed, thoroughly disciplined, and excellently qualification "fire;" othera the qualification "citi-week they Were brought up by scores for trial. have sect forth.ous journey.•the proposition as "Jacobinism:" That I should live to hear Lemuel Shaw accused of being a Jaco- bin !days of the session they received $3, but after that they are cut down one-half. Now, if this ab- surb economy can be corrected by levying contribu- tions on the lobby, it is worth while to remain heivu longer, even at the insignificant figure of $1 50 per day, with postage stamps extra. Innocent people think the Legislature stays here on these low wagespanionable fellow, possessing a miraculous.talent forborrowing money from his friends, with a memoryfor returning it as bad as Sheridan's. Of latter,....-.Steamers and diligences are exorbitant in their will vote the Republican ticket.oteteria were smoking,~Span»rds talcing their wine, charges, and tbe former are uncertain as to their neighbors. These, in succession, were driven-«K>fecorchocolate,andtalkingitover.Before time—even-moresothanbeforethewar,-sincethe TheresultinNew-Hampshire,bytheway,must eithertoadoptthemorabandonthebusiness. This *o«e of the pnblio buildings and theaters were wax •Government has a habit of taking off any one from be a pretty startling reminder to the Hon. Caleb led to an over-pioduction, under any condition of the . -Sgures of the Qaeen, such as had been carried any line to serve :as a transport—a habit which Cushing to put his house in order, and prepare for country, but most disastrous when met by its pres-«r«wd of soldier*, don*, seuoras, and seiioritaa, the port, or while voyaging in a vessel used the day be- agreed, if Connecticut follows the example of New- now. Tbe West has for two years been a lightpoorest marketman jostling the richest and noblest fore for the carriage of wounded and cholera-smit- Hampshire, to put his property up at auction, and. customer, and can do hut little to relieve theseveralStated.AfterananimateddiHcustion,which intbeSenate,TheChicagoPre*sandTribunesays:fPark;OKXKfromtheWornin'-i a dotation—all of whi^h wera Another attempt to d'ach^r/under ccntid*ration the M iy< Bradford for Health ComnWi: geagritt, but hia motion to \h?v. decsiv® vote. Effor'e were n jeconeideration of the i-ivan.Mr. OWEKS offered a rewjlori Henry E. Davies to sopply toe pilarioB of the Iaw» <f ujutu ,\a the City of New-York, by v-,\ and complete compiiatkn of . i int $2,000 to pay him for 'i;or U'•'to'Committee on rhs L*w Deo: On motion of Mr. Pr.Air,;.directing the Street Commit ' Board, tA its next meeting, v. h"Worth Monument has not be« tbe ground is left in ita present Mr. STARR pi-footed, a p*exempting the TJbifd-avenue fany ass?*ement for paving '*$.• • pavement—the Ccuipanv havimid this pavement ia ;he ppa Referred to Committee on Rail A resolution, from the c t ' e -contractor to proceed with the pavement in Maiden lane a&<: i referred to the Coaaooit^e on SThe Fire and Water Comrmr, reversirg the decirion of the P moving John Kerrigan of fl >s Dep&itment.•*teut in triumphal proeeeaidna on the previous day. does not tend to increase the comfort of the travel-,irHere a g^ant walXed on a platform before a motly er while "waiting at an expensive and disagreeable to subvert our institutions. He has impliedly and South-West are the only buyers in this marketten men.cried by the blind men, who are the only newspaper Are we then to believe the assertion ef TJ*e, Lon-sell it at even a ruinous sacrifice. I do not appre-hend any very serious panic, however. It is many market. The New-England strike will not advanceaccompanied him in hi« Inut IiJinoh* campaign. Mr. finally by a vote ot 31 to none. The vote of 22 to 8 Sheridan is a good pbonograpber, and, we doubt not, was a test -vote—the majority being opposed to any otherwise qual-fied for tbe place. Douglas labored <?efu'ite legislation on tbe subject until concurrent personally with tach member of the Committe in bia behalf, and tbe result was that Mr. Sheridan did not get a single vote—the Committee elected Mr. Murphy,eabalteTo; here the latest and fullest bulletins werewndeTS in Spam—at least they are in Seville, Gran- don Times, that this -war will cost Spain Cuba ? years since our Legislature had so many privateaction can be eecured by all the States interested. The joint resolutions will be adopted by the Souse, and competent Commiesioners will doubtless be appointed.poorest beggar approaches you as an equal, and railroad men spend money freely; the mercantile takes oiThis hat with Castiliau courtesy. He is not interests are lively, and manufactures are seeking too proud to beg, but he is too proud to be beg- new facilities and encouragements. Even the pro-what all parties hero are seeking to effect. The production! falling off so largely as at present by the discharge of journeymen, and the refusal"of others to work, a more active demand is counted on this Fall, and possibly an advance in prices. Though the South has always manufactured a portion of its own shoes, and is seeking to produce more now, yet it will be long in making itself independent of the North. Many journeymen have migrated thither from this region; but they generally return to their old quarters after a week's trial. The leather trade, a vast interest here, is of course suffering—At the election in Carbondale, Penn., laet "Friday,garly. -Cuba is the one transatlantic gem in theSpanish crown; the wearer will not sell it; she will posed to be willing to invest a few copies of theirMarshall, and E. E: Garland, Treasurer.of the Moorish War tbe halcyon days of Spain will not leave it at the mercy of a thif f; the poorer she "best" editions in gifts to members of the Seiate • return. How, one sees not, since Spain, under the gets, the stronger will be her hold upon this souve- and House, with the expectation tbat the cause of Moors, was greater in almost all respects, than she nir of a glorious past. It. will be long before she letters will continue to flourish a spell longer. These . ha« been since they were driven out Of her borders. discovers her poverty, and still longer before she things indicate a fearful state of indifference to the ** Carrying the war into Africa " is not always a is willmg to make so great a sacrifice to enrich her- 4 danger which Mr. Cushing foresees, or a lack otself, and disclose to others her condition. She will confidence in bis predictions. I think he will find ssre road to the blessings of a peaceful civilization. use Cuba afe the northern peasant uses his cloak: customers for all his paying stocks at a good figuie.PERSONAL.mwant Cuba, I am sure that we could not get it; and John Brown will preserve us from unanimity of de- sire until the fruit drops of itself, if drop it will, into our ready lap.JERSEY—POLITICS,-Concppondence of The N. Y. Tiibune.frc.and the tanners are debating how they may better their condition by lessening their production. But the prospect all round is a dull one for the next half year.On Wednesday last death closed the career of Lewis C. Levin, after a long, decline of his physical and mental faculties. He was a native of Charles- ton, and came here some twenty years ago. His education WUB elaborate, his talents brilliant, and his eloquence most remarkable. As a speaker on behalf of temperance, he drew together the largest-audiences. But he was most conspicuous and most— *To the Editor <tf The N. Y. Tribune.something of a scholar, it was not till last Monday that he could decipher the manuscript. The answer is aaTREN TON, March 19, 1860. This State exhibits every symptom of a determi- nation to pluDgeinto a new career of railroad progress. The present may be called the Railroad Legislature. It has passed some charters whose extraordinary provisions have made one class of citizens stand aghast, while it has rejected others reflections and results present and proximate; and The Judiciary of the State escapes any actusd to the confoundiDg of another class. I am not aMr. STARR, oppoeed tbe ror.o t byavoteof15to1.* The telegraph fTcm C»<?is5 to Caba In now only talked of toy enttoiuiaAtic gentWuwMi, who hope t* have thw job.preEented to the Legislature by the Coroner's Jury inthe case of Noma Tarbell, a patient from MadisonCounty, who aied in ihe Aeylum in December last.To this are added theae remarks, which appear to beeditorial; " t h e r e hue been for some time, a current" rumor of brutal treatment from the hands of the ua-" der-keepers'in ihat Institution, and,an investigating" c*mmiuee has been appointed. There is, also, a pill8 or pleas. Yours, HORACE GREELEY ." the city to amended a: A.! burFROMFrom Our Own-Correspondent.BOSTON.Mr. SKAORIST again moved t •Committee on the jEooamation <BOSTON, March 17, 1860.In vo ing on the latter m*«>t 'x lie was in the affirmative, ?>t- o paper that the Mb.y^r^i.t*ri<!e'perhaps these are as interesting to your readers as overhauling at the hands of the present Legislature, member of the lobby, do not know their secrets, popular as a politician. In 1843 he joined the thenany description of mere fighting from my pen would tbe Justices of tbe Peace, even, being unmole&ted. eat none of their fine dinners, drink none of their young Native American party here, and becameTwo propositions were introduced for amending the wine, nor gorge at their midnight suppers. Y#t one of its most impassioned advocates and orators."rumor that the under, or ward keepers are in the A valuable discovery has just been made in the " habit, when a patient will not go into a cell, at their vaults of an eminent London banker. The dtssoyeryCommon Council thepywer^.-f tiore. [Setf-ation.]The ruction to lay on the tabMr. BOOLE movedfcnatth* g teenth be added to the f'ou•would tec how nice it **aa." If to 3.be. Constitution, but they both failed. The first was even so quiet a spectator can pick, up at the street His public appeals were always responded to with" request, or offers any resistance, to jump upon him,"fhrueting their knees into his sides, and otherwise" brutally treating, and disfiguring him; and thenconfeistsof a large box of letters, containing the corres- pondence of Mr. Bradehiw, Secrttary of the Treasury in th9 reign of George III., a man very well known toI have seen the raw—material of .which Spanish to elect the Judges of the Probate and. Iusolvency corbeip, in the crowded bar-rooms of an ovening, vociferous sympathy, while among the foreigners, soldiers are tnadr>, and the manufactured article. against whom they were specially leveled, they ex-" placing a blanhex, before the glaes £oor m the cell," KO that the principal keeper cannot see him, when thereadeis of Walpole's Letters, and of the Secret His-There is a great difference between the two. The Court by the people, for terms to be fixed by law, and especially in the local pxess, a fund of informa- cited the deepest indignation. In May, 1844,. while 2C0 or 300 recruit* who littered the deck of the and the second was to annul the article which au- tion as,to how the current sets, and why it sets in thus speaking in the "open air, in Kensington, thea A resolution from the other;Marsella on her passage from Malaga to Alicante, thorizes the Governor and Council, and either this or that direction. There is a scam on the sur-" he passes through the different parts of the lnstita- tory of tbe Court Intrigue*, when Qceen Victoria's pa^"tiom" ternal grandfather waa King. The letters are of the 1 having a ttand of co:ors, foreThe failure of the amendment to elect Judges ofProbate by tbe people may be attributed partly tothe fact that it is now a pretty easy matter to getrid of the Judges of our inferior Courts by legisla-tion, .which is a speedier process than constitutional merely for the benefit of the hotel-keepers; but I amendment. When we want to get rid of an un- have my own opinion on that subject.years poor Levin had broken down entirely, bodyand mind both becoming wrecked, and he had ' Since the opening cf the Institution, in January, of an undertaker. The features were ecarcely resog-popular bench of Judges, all we have to do is to abolish the .Court. Gov. Banks has appointed forty Judges or more within the last three years. Theum was awarded to Mr. Thomas M. Elkinton. It ring tbe last year, and there are now, nearly or quite, His betrothed accompaniedflfa remains from Charles- is proposed that our Fire Department shall consist five hundred and twenty within its walls. These suf- town, and was joined at Eaglewood by his father and.bill to be engrossed, 78 to t'0. The bill will encoun-t"" pose the body known as the militia." This dog- for the first time, this long-mooted. question will come into court for adjudication. How or when it ; resources; and foreign capital was flowing in to dictionaries, Webster and Worcester, but contrary, will end, even a wise man cannot say. But the ex-.handsome brown coat, and overcoat with a red col-lar, a theepskin cap faced with black leather, a land omit the word "free;" and South Carolina, bychusetts, Vermont, Connecticut, Iowa and Mary-latterly the boys and fathers of families had been this subject at the request of Gov. Banks. Thecalled into service; Spain has been putting forth Chief Justice and his associates gravely inform the should be sustained by the courts, then all otherfrom tho deluge of strong drink. But tho public sentiment sustains him in his effort to check it.Jefferson Medical College turned out 170 young doctors on Tuesday, and ou Wednesday, that Uni- versity of Pennsylvania there"were 168 more.. Of the whole number of 338, there were 220 from the Slave States, showing that the good sense of theseI gentlemen resisted the'blandishments of the dema- gogues at home, who sought to seduce them from these celebrated schools.A Free Banking law is likely to be passed at Har- risburg, in the face of much opposition by the special banks. It has already goue through the House by a large majority.The camp-followers of the Domocracy are sorely exercised at the prospect of $9 a day for the mean fodder they are likeiy to get at the Chai'leston Con- vention, with tho chance of having to sleep in nigger cabins, and catching either plenty of fleas or the yellow fever. Let them try it once, and they will learn that such one-horse towns as Charleston are not the places for such Conventions. In fact, the outcry against it is now so general, that it is quite possible the Charleston tavern-keepers will find they haive overshot the mark, and that though the Gov- ernment may be plundered with impuuity, yet when the skinning i« to be practiced on the Democracy;t is a horse of another color.ciaitB. The patients are in the immediate care of " at- tendants," who are sucn by office as well as by name. jAs to the charge of these attendants "jumpingnil her strength, and she feela the tension in ever}' wmonopolies must be sustained also. They all stand public that "organizing the militia obviously in- ou {he same platform, and must atand or fall to-—Guido Reni'8 "" Madonna" bas been restored topart of the body politic. Before the first blo?7 &sstruck in Africa, she had a large surplus in hertreasury; she was beginning to develop her internal matic declaration is not only in defiance of thebe»<-ve, and some point toward Santander, to2 $ 5 i £ & * 7 a * t e n d i n S TMpidly when it was do-My statement of ex-Governor Boutwell's position in relation to the Presidential nomination at Chicago,Tho writer of this is confident that it would give the ter, containing a marriage certificate, was received bySuperintendent of tho Asylum great pleasure to receive Mr. W. informing him that the ceremony had beena visit from any one of the editors of THE TRIBUNE, performed at a well-known church in the aristocratic and especially from its "responsible editor," and to neighborhood of Wapping. The lady, on coining ofopen to his hiBpecticn every room and corner of tho Institution, and show him the management of all its sge, is«ded to invade Morocco. At numerous points be-TM f S £ 5 I? **" n o r t ^ « t e r n corner of Spain, needs some modification. He will support Mr.a ^ Burgos, there are traces of work on the road Seward until, and unless, he'is satisfied that there is that wto bring Madrid within forty hour* of P.ria not a reasonable chance of his election if nominated.dfpaitments.Ulna, March 8,1EC0.— — • iVERITAS.if it shall ever be finished. Here! bridge is tfrownbill which must eventually be tunneled, and there stops. Here a few laborers are shoveling, and at one point the rails are actually kid for a few rods-I do not think Gov. Seward's friends can find fault with this position, acted on in good faith. It is my impression that if Mr. S. fails to receive the nomina- tion, it will be because his friends withdraw him, and not because his enemies drive him oil'. Our Massachusetts delegation, of which I wrote last•entitled to £10,000.—The Enir' AcU gayB: " The priestess's knife usedby Mioo. Schedel, when she performed the part of Norma, has been deposited by her son in the National Museum at Peeth. It ia in silver, gilt and enriched| with 209 precious feteues from the mines of Hungary, and was presented to the celebrated singer by her ad*g mirere in 1840."—The other day, in Paris, M. Marie, in a plea beforethe Imperial Court in behalf of M. Vacberat, the a*thorofabook on Democracy, which had been con-demnedbyalowertribunal,began to read,asapat the side of the highway, I raay add, before a week, is well selected in one respect. It representsTHE SHOE TRADE STAGNANT—LEWIS C. LEVIN— A TAID FIRE DEP ARTMENT—INV ASION OF THEXJorredpondeace of Tbe N. Y. Tribune.HAiuusinmo, March 17,1860. The Senate disposed of the Pro-Rata quostion to-day by a very decisive vote. A bill was introduced early in the session by Senator Irian of Pittsburgh to regu- late railroad charges. Tho Railroad Committee re- ported it to the Senate affirmatively, without consider- ing it formally, in order to have it printed. It .was subsequently recommitted, and, after a fall hearing of both aides, was negatived four to one, and was BOre-ported to the Senate,In the mean time a pro-rata bill had passed the popu- lar branch of the New-York Logielafcuro. Mr. Irishblacksmith's shop, lay half-a-dozen ear-wheels and foodies—the first perhaps ever made in Spain, the carriages on running roads being English or French. Tbe full amount of stock has be«m taken for a rail way from Malaga to Cordova, but nothing more i-j done. There i* no money, and there is no tellingivhen there will be an interval of internal quiet suf- ficiently long to render railway building practicable; tor there have.been many threats of revolution since General O'JDonnell crossed tbe Straits. A genfckman connected with the Bilbao Bailroad was in Madrid in December, vainly striving to obtain capital to--. .._-../..••-r-•the four parties out of which the Republican party is formed, Mr. Andrew being a Frce-Soiler, Mr. Kellogg a Whig, Mr. Boutwell a Democrat, and Mr. Comins an American. This selection is mainly accidental, the delegates, so far as I know, not hav- ing considered the subject of the previous political relations of the candidates; but it serves to show how well the party is consolidated in the State, and ol what materials it is made up.'Ihe political news .from New-Hampshire is not calculated to encourage The Boston Courier, whichGROGSHOPS—MORENO GO.From Oar Own CorroHpondcnt.DOCTORS—CHARLESTONC.U^es ti.6 power oi aeicrmiiung' T?h0 Shtlll 6onl- -gether . But the peculiarity of the case is, that now,the church from which it was stolen in 1855. The upon" patients and "thrusting their knees into their Tope has promised 12,006 crowns for its recovery.to the express declaration of Mr. King, who, uponroads were building in all parts of the Kingdom, being asked what the Committee meant by " organ- pany expire in 1869. It would not surprise me toThe painting was found in London, where it wa»« shadow of truth in the rumor. That theie are some offered for sale to Messrs. Merighi and Bassi by ahelp on her progress in point of civilization. Rail-and her rich coal and iron mines were, it was \*ize, arm, and discipline the militia,", replied that see the decision staved off until that remote day.thought, about io be opened. Now, work on the " by organizing, the Committee meant proportioning7The Spring elections, held last w eek throughoutthe State, have shown clear gains for the Opposi- tion. It is a great mistake to count out New-Jer- sey among the SlateB not certain for the Chicago nominee. We have whittled down our creed to a single article, and that is, that we go for that nominee, be he who he may. It is true we have our preferences, but we are determined to sink them all, an<* move forward under a common flag to a common victory. The personal and local em- barrassments which humiliated us in 1856, have all disappeared. Efforts to resuscitate them have been made, and have failed. The masses who then sup- ported Fillmore have abandoned all sympathy with a third party, and mingle and vote harmoniously, cemented into one patriotic Opposition. As such they carried the State last year, and are certain to- do better next time." the officers and men; by arming, specifying the and French capital is flying homeward. To go into " kind, size, and caliber of arms; and by disciplin- particulars, there are railroads now running, all " ing, prescribing the manual exercise, evolutions, completed within two or three years, from Madrid " <fec." This definition by Mr. King was given into Alicante, and to Valencia, with a branch to the Convention which framed the Constitution, Totedo; from Madrid, a part at least of the distance while this article was under consideration, and is to fearagossa, from Cadiz to Xeres, from Seville to perfectly conclusive as to its meaning.' Yet the Cordova, and from Barcelona two-thirds of the way entire opinion of the Supreme Court is based on to Oerona—1Q all not far from 400 miles. There is their gratuitous, assumption as to the meaning ofalso a rjdwayon the northern coast between Bilbao, the word "organize."railway routes is all but suspended, and English— 7Vie Clevelandsays that tbe Sevonthpredicted the otherday that four of tbe New-En-belong! to James Baker, one of the men recently charged withHteolit.g grain from the canal-boat TruAUgor. Thla pirate yuoht him, saying that he could not tolerate the readingiti «aid to have been uned for conveying the atolen grain Irorn tho doctrines eo subverfeive. '* What ia that book V' addTrafalgar to the place' of depo.it. A warrant waa ituuod byJuitice OeimvaJl of Brooklyn for the arret of Baker. Hi« y toht the Judge, "and who isita author ?" "The work,"'$$<&•'mi^jgs^sw*"*?Bt^yK;fp $>(?<r,.'NTSv^YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, I860.—T help on fl» enterprise. The Credit Mobtlut hesi- eland States would go for the Democrats this year. for a year pant, the ability of the cxmtry to con- *a)k,d T7p the bill on Tuesday ket and subrtitutod theIf called upon to give names, a week ago, The sume .being all the while diminishing. Stocks a New-York bill almoet bodily in Committee qS tbetates, uuder the circumstance*, and many cf the Cvurkr would probably have specified New-Hamp- year old are now on band in some quarters, for Whole. It wa»manifest that the measure would notEnglish and French engineers und contractors wnoWK? S?AIH WAS A»3> «J-«OLDIERS, RAW A3*» ha*s the contemplate* railways itf charge, have shire as one of the foui*. It will hardly ventureto which there is no sale at a loss of 10 per cent, be adopted by tbe Senate, and a committee of gentle-POLITICAL.•••'—See again what a single vote w2Jdo. Byaafagfo. vote tie election of the Speaker waa determined. HadTHE MOROCCO WAR*'COOKED—CORAS OTjrLOOKS.' P ARIS, FeK 19, 1860.been thrown out of employment.* When] Spam Bhall sufficiently recover from the present stram upon her resources, to be where she was six monthsago, is a question*Another pregnant fact is tftat toe prices of almostclaim that State now, and I have confidence that it or even more. Production having been main- men from Pittsburgh met here on Wednesday, and this election; bc*n otherwise—bad it been of another8nd its author is Lou's Napof JvAgp bit his lips and told the 'on. Maiie, however, lott Lis z\fce expected. *•will bo equally disappointed with regard to Rhode Island and Connecticut. It will then have only Vermont, Maine and Massachusetts left. You are as near to Vermont as we are, and can judge as well what the Democratic chances are in thattained, in hopes of better prices, which have hot been realized, employers and journeymen are mutual 8uflerer8. The lajter cannot live at the wages paid them, and the former cannot afford to add to .their looses by giving more. Hence theafter a free c6niuTtation with some of tbe officers of tho man—Mr. Forney would never have been electedMassachusetts, 50,000 Republican majority is the duction has been mainly stimulated by tbe intro- Bmallcst number we can put up with. A considera- duction of sewing-machines, of" which great num- ble portion of tho 120,000 non-voters, upon whom bers are now used. The manufacturer who firstThe, Courier has been calling every week or two, need them, cheapened the cott of his sltoes some will be out this year, and four out of five of them 3 or 4 cents per j.air, and could thus undersell hisof the Alleghany Senators W«B to propose the modifiedbill; but Mr. MoClnre, Chairman of the Railroad Com- bim hiB vote, the votes of others would have been with-xz/ittee, moved to strikeout all afcer the enacting dausa, held.and substitute joint resolutions authorizing the Gover- —The Republican Clubs of Chicago are taking stepsnor to appoint three Commissioners, to meet Jike Com- to* erect a public hall capable of holding from seven to the Eighth a-veune, requesto? 1rofseioneis from other States interefcted in the question, tenfhouftfcnd persons. ' ' order the renumbering of taic 'John F . Seaman an1 otix*r*, tnto adopt, a meaeure fcr the concurrent action of the —Speaking of the decline of Mr. IJouglas's influence rjn«»t!aid in 8rca*rw*y, from fjthe coming of the '.' man on horseback" who isprietors of the two great rival dictionaries are sup-branch of the Legislature, to require the Supreme meeting was attacked by the excited foreigners, fired face whose drift cannot be mistaken. To-day it on, and Shiftier, Bhinedollar, aad others, killed out-Col. Cox, of the late J2th Ke",ri] The New-York State Lunatic Asylum (Dot the Utoca most confidential nature—written by men like the I regiment, returned to the Cor/fre*b f/om their mothers, with white cotton knap-sacks on their backs—the most primitive of knap- Court to give opinions on important questions floats in one direction, while to-morrow it changes right, while others were grievously wounded. From sacks—many of them without stockings, all of them of law and on "solemn occasions." As long ago right about and floats the other w*y. 'Its motive this cold-blooded outrage flowed the bitter feelingInfar-e Asylum) i< now, as it always ha* been, under Duhe of Grafton, Lord North, Lord Rockingham, Lordthe management of nine buhly respectable citizens of Hilh*borougb, Lord B-irringtOD, Richard Ri*?by, Sir 1 this State, appdnted by the Governor and Senate.1 They are m.en of irreproachable character in pnbu ? ao.d. TPbfip FraDcis, and Mr. Boswell's Dr. SamuelJohnJon.private bfo. Some cltilem, at least, have been, and are Johuson'B letters relate to his pension; and there are ditttnguished as well for benevoleDce and faithfulness traces of " Junius " in this valuable box of papers.to duty, as for intelligence and public enterprise. Thefirsn medical superintendent was eminent in hia pro- —Sergeant-at-Arms Williams of the Assembly hasfession, ard was admitud, in Europe as well as in been weet for three days, subpenaing witnesses in the the United States, to be in the very front rank of thosewho, having mac e the Bubject of insanity a specialty, case of Nonis Tarbell, who died eo mysterioualy at thehad charge of hoepitals for tbe in&ane. The present State Lunatic Asylum at Utica. Ffteen witnesses haveSuperintendent was educated in the best medical been subpfnaed. ' They were to attend before the Se- schools of tbe country; had hospital practice aiid ex- lect Committee yesterday.perience in one of our large cities before he was calledto his present office; is eitentively known throujm —Tbe remains of Stevens and Hazle*t were brought to the State; is acknowledged to posseee high professional Eaglewood, N. J., for interment. The execution took attabmeniB; ia of irreproachable private character,and DOman is more kind and benevolent in disposition place on Erieay. Tbe remains were forwarded by than he. He has, for his assistants, well educa ed exprees, and reached Railway on Saturday, when they gentlemen and phy ticiauB, who are qualified, by char- were taken at once to Eagle wood. The coffins were acter, disposition and attainments, for the offices which opened, bus the bodies were not submitted to the care they fill.in.• i_Atfjourned uli 5 p. m. on 2• — •BOARD OF COU,in clothing too thin to be any protection against the as J820 Joseph Story and Lemuel Shaw declared power must be concealed beneath the surface,-yet of retaliation which glutted itself in the destruction cold, in age averaging not more than sixteen, not a themselves against the continuance of this power, most lookers-on could be sworn that they could of churches, and murderous combat in Queen streetfew being lew than fifteen, and scarcely one over and in J653 nearly all the Judges and lawyers who in the succeeding July. Yet on these occasions,* eighteen, the merest and rawest boys in the world, *were in the Constitutional Convention took the same truly describe it, notwithstanding the concealment,made one think of FalstafF, and constantly mutter, ground. In the House, this year, the only man Linake no doubt that those who .have dabbled m no one used more herculean efforts than Mr. Levinnot without pity: ''Pood for powder; poor fellows, who has held the office of* Judge, viz; Mr. Bishop these-dirty waters have found that there was.money to check the fury of the Native Americans. During "food for powder." The qualify of another hundred at the bottom. Our soothsayers are so positive On this exciting time he -published The.Daily Sun, aof Lenox, voted and spoke in favor of striking out penny paper, which, under his. management, ob- who took ship with me from Sevi Je to Cadiz was a the article. The debate, however, took on a per- this point, and they repeat their convictions in my tained a vast circulation. The year following Mr.little better, and their years a little more advanced, sonal and political character. The Democrats saw ears so constantly, that, adding what I see to what Levin was elected to Congress from the district fromand their scanty clottring eked out wiih blankets. in it an.attempt by the Abolitionists to strike at the I thus.hear, it is natural for me to be by this time Which the Navy Yard has elected Tom Florence,A filibuster would match himself against 25 of Governor, because he had made a stand against decided in my belief that every man has his price. and was afterward reelected. But he made nosuch creatures, were they garrisoning Cu!>a. But riegro militia; the Governor's peculiar friends not 1 hat some have got it there can be no doubt, but figure there. Congress laughed at his appeals, and the filibuster had better think twice before he setssail from New-York, Tbe Spanish soldiers, as The unreasonably took the same view, and the fogies, whose money it was, and whose it now is, this de- could not be made to believe taat any good couldhope of coercing the nomination of the late incum-clusive privileges of the Camden and Amboy Com-instances of unkindness among sixty to seventy attend-ants, havicg charge of more than five hundred insanepersons, many of whom are violent and abusive to adegree which they who are without experience in ref-erence to them, cm scarcely conceive of, is very prob-stranger. It waa ecnt back to Bologna, but not until after the- Pope had loBt that city, BO that the 12,000 crowns ought to be paid by M. Earini.PlaindcalerFROMPHILADELPHIA.•PRO-RA T A INPENNSYL V ANIA.EEruBLiCAN MEETINGS IN CONNECTICUT.—Meetings in Fan field County, COnn., will be addressed as fol-OWB:Tuttdoy Sight —Tho Hon. J. L. WowUVud, ut Darkm. Wtdn**day Myht.—Th* Hon. J. L. Woodford, at Weutport. Thurtday Kight—The Hon. P . 1*. Stanton, at Norwalk.Th«r*<)ay Sight —The Hon. S. L. Woodford, Now-Cauaan.The Connecticut Republican* ar» wido awako, aad working bord. Tbeir enemi«» have tho money; our ftioada bave the light, andmubtwin.SEIZUREorAPIRATICALYACHT.—OnMonday morn- ing Officerx Cornoll and Leo, of the Harbor Police, M«Lsed and tookPilIIADELPHiA, March 19, 1860. Of all the great manufacturing interests of this city and its vicinity, the shoe and leather business, isprobably suffering more depression than any other. It is evident now that too. many hands have been employed in ehoem&king, and too many shoes madeof his argument, some passages from a modem book io tbeir itlip the yacht Elizo, of about eight tuu» burden, which The Presiding Judge, M. Parterrieu-Lafosse, stopf"ent inability to consume as formerly. The SouthCJerk; Marston, Dooriecper; Lucas, Postmaster j aor removing the features most objectionable to th*> rail- Hoffman, Sergeant-at-Arms. A single vote, too, de-Pennsylvania Railroad Company, prepared a new bitf,.£•was renewed yesterday and continued until noon, theamendment was adopicd by a vote of 22 to 8. The cure tbe cbrkHh'p of the Harper's Ferry Investigating title was then amended, and the resolutions passed Committee for bis reporter, Sheriden, the same whoone of The Globe roportera, who bad, never applied for the place."and Ohio.STATE LUNATIC ASYLUM AT UTICA. returned an aDswer to the young man; but thoughquietly subsided from public observation. 1843, five thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight in- nizablej ano they were not shown either to tbe intimatesane patients have been admitted to its keeping; of friends of the deceased or at 'he funeral. Attached to A purse of $J50 having been offered for the best vvhich number two thousand three hundred and forty tie button-hole of Stevens's coat by red and blue rib-plan for a paid Fire Department fi»r this city, the have recovered, and eight hundred and fifty nine havesurprising number of 35 manuscripts were sent in bfen discharged in an improved condition. There was bons, was a plain black India-rubber ring, but for to the Committee who made the offer. The premi- a daily average .01 five hundred and nine patients du- whom it waa intended his friends were not informed.ferers are gathered;'.together from all the counties ofof 16 steamers, and become a branch of the City this Slate; and, of ctlurse, are connected with fathers, sister. 'is in the hands of parties who will in a short time give us such a paid Department as this city has long demanded.An unexampled consternation has prevailed and if they arise from cruelty, willfulness, ignorance, yl's inquiries. Tbe rest of the family were received in among the keepers of our unlicensed rum-shops for -waut of knowledge or skill, or of watchfulness, or the eamc manner, the men first,, and then the women. a fortnight paat. An Official crusade of the worst faithfulness, then there is guilt somewhere, and the When all were in the room, Schamyl directed them toSupreme Court at Washington, thus requiring years lowed by a tremendous rush to obtain licenses—for are urged by the managers and officers of the Institu- ago at tbe Ciiy of Washington. It ie a strong likeness before the monopoly right of the former can be either 410 one in the business seems to think of quitting it; tion to make the most rigid and searchit g examination.) of the veteran, and, in an artiatic point of view, is so that the crowd at the Commissioner's Office was There is no such thing as a " cell" within Asylum highly complimentary to the lady artist. It will grace affirmed or set aside. The presumption with most walls; nor is there aDy room or place occupied by a the walla of the Academy at the coming exhibition.pair of blue trowsers, stout leathern gaiters and the law of 1794, admits aliens, free negroes, Indians point of the.whole controversy, has been pronounced what they call his high-handed severity. But, in few half-glass doors which lead from the end bf long prophesy-for her a successful future career. sboes, forming the usual • uniform. In age, the and mulattoes! Missouri and Delaware, have no upon years ago, by a dozen of the highest legal char- fining one of these fellows on Tuesday, he adverted hi}ll8 into dining and sitting rooms. It ia confidentlytroops engaged in actual service compare very well laws on the subject, thus following out the doctrine acters in the State, friends, too, of Mr. Steveus,other fact may help us to a reason.. Froan the held not to embrace any subject except that of .fugi- that it may be abrogated by paying damages. Now, County Prison, wherein it was shown that of wished to see him; or, tin the language of your para- flowers. The table was carried through the streets [with the French, I should judge. of the Prigg case, which was that State laws toto this outcry, and said that if he had ever doubted asserted that, during the whole seventeen years of th-j —At the foneral cf a child in Acapulco, Mexico, the the justice of bis apparent severity, all doubt had exittence of the AeyluD, not a single patient has ever boiy was dressed magnificently, crowned with ros«e, been kept by an attendant for one moment from tho and tbe table upon which it was laid waa covered with* How account for this discrepancy between the enrry out the legislation of the.United States, are who have delivered written opinions in favor of therawmaterialandthemanufacturedarticle? An- nullandvoid. Butperhapsthisdoctrinewillbe bridgemonopoly...,YettheLegislaturehasjustsaid beenremovedbyhavingjustreadtheReportof.the sightoftheSuperintendentorassistantphysician,whoUntitled Document. SPECTATOR.whether one of tbe professions would not be preferable to tilling tbe soil. The "philosopher" of T i n TRIBUNETbe Board htld a r&gulir JONES in the chair.Permission waa granted to signal li^ht in the Chamber, journcient of the next meetingMr. PINCKNKY presented, a Stand of colors presented to: returnee to the Common (JourMr. pERLJtY proposed thai out aa a parade-ground kr t S. M., there ceihg n-.-vv no 3<- the City Military. Referred and Placee.An invitation was accej te of fire-eecspe ladders yt tt. 12 o'clock.A resolution, prese-jted by Fifteenth Ward Station-li ,ni was referred to tbe CommutejReports were concurred streets -with BeigiiU p:iv*ra Centre to West street; Wert: to King street; Bieecker a Eighth avenue; Taiid avea Forty-fourth street; and Aniv to the S-xth avenue. The B< day at 5 p. m.BOARD OF SlJ The Board of Supervisors!or Councils, three by tho Judges of tbe several count. that town of Schamyl'a family, consisting of fifteen M Mr. BELL offeied a TCS< Courts, and three by the Board of Underwriters, IBit just, or, in any eeose, right and kind, Messrs. persons, including his two wivea, two sons, and five f§ • mittee on Civil Coarts to.mittee had been appointed. If there are abutee, in the and, standing in a respectful attitude, answered Scham- Institution,'they shouid be discovered and exposed,Most of them pleaded guilty, whereupon Judge Now there is not one word of truth in the rumorsLudlow laid his heavy hand on each offender with vehich jou have circulated; n«r have there ever beenan energy that compelled most of them to disgorge any occurrences in the Asyliioi to jastifv or afford$100 apiece. Over $7,000 have been levied as any foundation for ihem. (It in not intended here to R. Giddinge. It is the work of Mies Ransom, a pupilThe greatest opposition will be made by the New-Jersey Railroad Company to Mr. Stevens buildinghis road from Newark to Hoboken. You may lookto seeing it carried into the courts the mo-ment a move is made toward commencing it. fines, and the work goes bravely on. This crusade epeak of in the case of Tarbell, oneway or^the other; for of Mr. Huntington, and was commenced nearly a year Should the former be defeated, it will then go to the against our 2,5G0 unlicensed doggeries has been fol- that is in the hands of the Legislative Committee, whoswes," it can be met here only by denial. It is. denied positively, and in the widest sense. There is not aable. No knowledge, or skill, or faithfulness, or de-vice, can prevent'this. No father or mother of a Urge Regiment, of this city, wiil probably be invited to at-family is competent to protect children, at all times, tend tho inauguration of tho Perry statue, in Cleve- from the unhmdness of nurses and servants. How- land, on the 18th of next September.ever, the slightest abuse of a patient by an attendant,when known, ia invariably punished by immediate —Tke Court-Circular reports another Belgravian dismissal. All meauB that can be devised are used, to elopement. A young lady eloped with her guardian'sacquire knowledge of abuse and unkindness, and. to under butler on St. Valentine's Day, and nothing waainsure faithfulness.heard of their whereabouts until the 18tb, when a let-watt found in the Krie Buxln, Soutb Brooklyn.plied Marie," ia entitled 'TheE«unetioa of Panpemm." Quite recently Mr. Douglas made an effort to se-A correspondent of The Elmira Press says that a— The Post aaya, that on an eaael in Huntington's studio is a nearly-linished likeness of the Hon. Joshua ivf r!*.: 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mVrt«»^tw.yt»wt«»»fr)w>»w *i*fc#+W**^TM**^^i^&iiM6&f<!H^ltQi&Mtjfjt^jfwww.fultonhistory.com 