 iMtchn* jtofcn Afiiiit the JfeiitiM of tjr Franking Privikgt.mens, under protest It was a measure o f reform, and thousand dollars, as follows:—The extensive greenhouse seventy per cent would by it be saved lo UMgovernment.THE N E W YORK HERALDTfHOLE N O , 8559. 'jTCWS TM°M WASHDrCKTON.k t i # i «r tie House oa the Post Office ipproprtotit* BUI.aCBATEONTKSENATE'S AMENDMENTS,SUNDAYMORNING,FEBRUARY12,1860. PRICETWOCENTS.r!•--»<-•"• "*'''*L" "*""~"""~ " ' " " " "" MMr.LOVBIOT, (rep.) of 111., expressed the hope that the Bonosconcur in UMamendment.Mr. BMUUB, (&opp.)ofMd.,seid—With regard to the two saassmmeap seat up from the Baamto,he looked uponand nursery of Dr. Grant is entirely demolished, with all Um rareaad vassarito plants sad trees litisless alone will reach $20,000. The Annsville Bridge, extending over thecreek,isdestroyed;itwasworthabout$3,000.The bakery of Mr. Paul Hill was blown down, as well as the esidenee of widow Blake. The roof on the station a Varplanck's wasblown off,and lies by UM aideofUM•AnjKBf^wtr*Betweenion gad Hirtnnan,kitEdmund-smiotherpapersonwhichtheappointmentsandre- oneofthemaseminentlyproper Withregardtothen*t special WMW^tta DM patch WASHMWWJ", F e b . U , "TOT rOST OftlOt airROrnUBC* BOX. meSena**setbti»t*sessionto-day,allUMattrac- t s m ©entered is tos Bouse. The totter went intooverthrownorundermined Itwouldbebythecorruption which arises from the enormous expenses. B e believed that, instead of UM carrying on of the government costingWs have received some additional intelligence try the Canada at Halifax.1 • ssltoved that the Hooae will non concur lo fiejrntnf.privilege,andtheSenatewillnotinsist thereon,kenwa the debate to-day the House It likely to non con-eviaonpon thepnntiaf ofblanks,on the ground tintatntyKtshouldactbecoupled with theblO,bat be tothebUliweit,hottoUsequestioniorgenerallegisi*tion ann i separate subject. The Senate, by appending stash The bill had now oome bock to them, witto the propomuoo ofHowse of Represe ntatlTSS. Wssaaaxnea, Feb. 11, I860.Mr. Moeanx, (rep.) of T t , presented the memorial of William A . Howard, of Michigan, contesting Mr. CoopersMr.Osraett,(deal)ofTa,wasexcusedfrom mrrce i a member o f the Committee oa Um District o f Colom-) of Illinois, offered resolutionsof persons appointed to and re- moved from office by the present admlnfttration ia Illi- nois, and copies of all petitions, letters, remonstrancesP ARTICULARSOP THEEFFECTSsatvale were mad*.Mr. BMMUDAIM, (dem.' Mam, objected to the fur-franking question,there waa unquesAionahly a great differ-ence of opinion, but for himself he was in favor of thesjnandBMatlmahoHahtegUMt privilege. H e believed i*waatheprincipalsourceof athousand evils,besidesthaiof overloading the mails with useless aad unnecessary road. The Peeksktil woodsheds are nearly demolished. matter. Hebelievedthat if this governmentwastobeMr.BanmmaiBaaai whenthe nobodywouldob.M*.inorder.)of 1ther rending o f the reeolul itions.Mr. Monme said t h e Inforamlion aftonid a n t b e sup-M B . B B I O H T ' 8 •a, ate.H P K K O H ,tuMr. J e n Oocamasm, (dem.) of N . Y., presented a copyof the resomttoris adopted by the New York Chamber of eighty millions par annum, it ought to be carried on forTheCanadaspokeoffTuskuontoe28tb,theshipsClif-mouths the various departments of the government had be- gross. No resolution oome to.fWMcoostderable excitement, and la likely to beconio come embarrassed and crippled by the determination Mr. SHXRSUXmoved that Um Houae again resolve itselfneverbeforeknowa to beso lowas itwas yesterday morning. In several places UMbottom wai entirety bareWhenofficerMclaughlin*stumbledovertoebodyheno-ataajeet of Investigation before the House. When Mr. cf the Senate not to pans a bill unless, indeed, into Committee of the Whole on the State {of the Union, ajaan was assailed bewasonhiswayfrom theGap: that the committee agreed to add to it forthepurposeofresuming thedebate uponUMSenate's measures which he did not believe necessary. They were amendments on Um Appropriation bill, and that membersticed a man named Thoe. Dowlmg standing in the doorwayto UMdistance of thirty, forty andeven fifty yards. of No.14Statestreet,oppositewhichthebodywasfound, TawofficialBoardof Trade report oa tos loss of toe•jskJS reatdeaee, having left the Home before the ad thus placed in this position, that they mum either cmaant anamt on aocomat of 01 health. H e baa sneered to a piece of legiahttion which they did not approve of, orbe confined to five minute speeches.This was agreed to, Mr. Grow acting as Chairman. Several members addressed the committee, some in fa-The oldest resideato oa UM river mate that they never before witnessed such a severe sad prolonged storm of wind.and catted upon him to give his assistance m conveyingtoe body to the station house. Bowling at first refused,steamship Indian has been published. The commander, Captain Smito, is exculpated, but toe mate is blamed for not stopping toe ship when danger was apparent.late speeches of Mr. Hickman, in which he was as taunting Virginia for want of spirit andTBI HOCBB PRIjrmCl.At Itpabllcsn Congressional Executive Committee, atE*iT Int neettog, last night, voted unanimously to do- cit< IModer of Mr. Oefrees, sent to their caucus, to pay HtttBoae half of the net proceeds of the Hooae print- at. TB«ts another rebuff to the Weed and WendellTHF. torn BI.VDWO cojrrsucT.The Hocse Committee on Printing have awarded theoBiriet for bailing to George W. Alexander, of West. dwtur cowtfy, New YoraWand H. D. Cook, Of the Ohioback with these amendments at Um very time when they have not had time even to read them, and when members return to their homes they are in profound igno- rsnee of what changes have been male in UM lawn This was not jam; and even if Urn changes were necessa- ry, they ought not to be compelled to the alternative of adopting them without consideration because of an anxie- ty, which at all Umm prevails, of passing the appropria tien bills. As to the franking privilege, he was opposed to :ts proponed abolition. After all, what was this frank- ing privilege?—the privilege of spending, perhaps, a hun- dred dollars for UMpublishing of members' speeches, aad UMprivilege of working day and night to sirculate UMBOr ches amongst their constituents, and thus keeping people informed of what waa transpiring at UMseat of government. Instead of a privilege, he looked upon it as placing a laborious duty upon UMshoulders of members, and he tor one desired very much that his constituentsand determined to go on a " regular bust" So, accord- ingly, be unroofed houses, splintered spam, smashed shop signs, demolished all the crinoline on UM streets, made old mansions shake and venerable dowagers quake and cry; but there ia one thing be did'nt do, and that is (although he tried his best) prevent our fun-loving, mer- curial citizens from enjoying the pleasure of e skate on the Central Park,Aa early aa twelve o'clock both of UM ponds were crowded, aad until four o'clock Um stream of visitants continued to far outnumber the wearied exits. The gen- tlemen's pond waa a perfect panorama of moving black objects on a snowy carpet, and what ft remarkable, UMalso scalded.broken off about forty feet from too ground, toe lower part remaining uninjured. I t fell across UM boiler house, entirely demolishing that aad toe pipes connected with the boiler, but not injuring UM latter.tofixthe guilt on Grady, and be was detained. Several others foundto toe saloon, and who were taken totoesta- tion bouse, were then discharged.From what could be ascertained yesterday, toe mur- der seems to have been prompted by revenge.* It appearsA Vienna correspondent of toe Lmdon funs*, writing on the 20th ultimo, remarks on UM above —mer, the laborer, the mechanic, and (be merchant, and those of the male sex who spend tbelr days in the counting ftiwuiedbySenatorIlavW. SenatorBrown'sresolution, aUclassesofUMcommunity,each In.his ownway,are booseandtheireveningsattheopera,hadbettergotothe made acquainted with what passes In t h e gr»<it world Central Park and kill dyspeela, cure the blues, and see thein, taking toe roof with It, and thus forcing toe south wall to fall outward, making a complete wreck of the building, with toe exception of the two gablo ends, thesebut soon after the body was found a female, quite alone, ample. This agitation to causing toe government greatwas seen by officer Pewers, of the First ward, to enter a uneasiness.stage corner of Whitehall and State streets. S h i inquiredof the driver for one of the avenues near Lexington ave- The London EcraUd of the 24th of January remarks—par rerun expressed themselves favorably tow*< Jegslaaon by Congress to protect slavery in the beyond them, through means of toe Post Office, and thus red roses on the girls cheeks. The Petti matinee undoubted- being but slightly damaged. The retorts are also injured,hrtorlei, found no aJvomtes. Senator Green moved all are benefitted. The Pom Office is the gre*t diffoser of ly took away of the slim legged habitues, but the symme- *.'? taat a coma!itee of five be appointed, to whom ail knowledge, and they would be opposed to the instruction try of feminine limbs made up lor this deficiency.but not to any very great extent The iron girders, &z , shape, while the whole mass o l stone, slate, A c , presens one of the most complete wrecks we ever saw, and vividly exhibits the powerful effects of the storm in this locality. The loss to the Gas Company will amount to about $50,000. T h e accident will not prevent the usual supply o f g a s from being furnished, as the other worksnue, but toe exact location she wished to reach waa notof the people who would attempt to lessen its usefulness. jrwohKSoos he referred, w.tli i>ower, if deemed expe They might as well expect the courts o f law to be self-sus- w » report a substitute for present resolutions, taining, as to supj os* that the Post Office Department couldAt the northwest end of the gentlemen's pond, a long line of carriages were stationed; at this quarter of the pond a hard passage leads to the ladies' pond—much smallerany manner connected with the murder may be difficultto ascertain, but toe police are making strenuous effortsto discover her whereabouts, with a view, if possible, toing of British Investors in American Securities" baa just been issued, and may be perused with advantage, though Uie English generally have ao largely suffered Uirougn the adoption of this species of negotiable property tnai tneybe sustained by those atone who receive letters and news- than UMgentlemen's, and hemmed in by high banks. On aftr Oesglss was present, md took part in the debate- papers by mall. He looked opon the attempt to abolish this pond the ladies on skates were as thick as blackber- TOT MATL maivics. the franking privilege as subversive o f th e first principles ries. There Is a little summer house where they preparesee if she can throw any light on the mysterious auair.CoronerJackmanwillholdtoeinquesttomorrowmorn- have lost theattraction they formerlyposaeased. Ihehen ms company of gentlemen now here who are of instruction, and as subversive of the principles opon and put on their skates. The sight to a careful observer, are in good order. James Hart, one of toe deceased, was which the government was established. This was in front of this box of beauty, of laughing eyes, rosy a married man, a n d resided in Naudafn street, above •uiusiakdapropositiontoCongresstocarrytheentire notamonarchy, noranoligarchy,butitwasa cheeks,kc,isveryinteresting. Theladies'ponl,tobe Eighteenth Helea,esthroechildren. WilliamMcClain,house, foot of Gouverneur street, when a thorough inves- lost fortoxes in American stocks, shares and bonds, even tigation of the mysterious aflair will be had. In toe including some of the most astute of our financiers, tothesecircumstanceshewasopposed to the ats proposed by UM Senate.said UM Senate amendment providing for Um printing of the Post Office bunks by contract waa one which ought to he adopted in aa independent law, aad all the members of UM Committee of Ways and Moans were in favor of such kgftlation; but they were opposed to its incorporation to a a appropriation bin to carry out an ex-isting law. No aew legislation should be inserted therein. Such a practice had been growing up for a fe* years peat! and UM committee want to put a atop to it. H e would thereforerecommendthattheBousenon-concurinthe amendment.Mr. Pimm,(dem.) of Mo., said Mr. Sherman had cor recUy stated UM opinion of the committee, but he differed from MB action, and waa willing to concur la the amendTHE RECENT QALE.The Myeterf TBft tCXSHKDNOT.Voider StateThe splendid marstory frame building at lakeMa hopac, known aa UM "Gregory House," was blown dewa, This building w e e entirety new, aad would have Been completedInafcwweeks. ItwasIntendedforcityCommerceinrelationlotheadvantagesofmailoommuni- halfthatsum. HebelievedthathalfofUMmoneyspentcation with Mexico, wham was referred to the Commit- by the government in printing and other jobs of a like boarders.FURTHEROF THE STORM ON THE HUD90H.Um aSTIMATkD AT $200,000.T h e s t o r m c o n t a i n e d UM w h o l e o f T h u r s d a y , a n d u p t o eleven o'clock Friday sight, without abatement, on the Hudson, aad yesterday morning as law as nine o'clocktherewasquiteastiffbreasn.The damage by the storm far exceeds what was at firstsupposed, the entire lose being estimated s t $200,000. A tPeekakill sad vtoftdty alone it will reach sixty or seventy• a n PRom-rKDI TFurther particulars regarding the mysterious murder ofMr. Tours, in State street, oa Friday night transpired yes terdsy morning The deed was undoubtedly committed shortly after eleven o'clock, u Mr. Tours was seen botafew minutes previous to taat hour, walking dowa Broadway incompanywithafemale,byMr.ChanCopptag,aOus torn Bouse night watchman, living at £ 8Mr. ftanaeg engaged in untaiaaUflsiwalked a little way down Uie Street with himteen minutes after parting company, Mr. Oopping teamed of toe murder of Toon, showing evidently that the ami deed had sesa committed between eleven and a quarter put eleven o'clock. Thebody was found by patrolmsnof toe steamboat squad, (harbor police) while onhiswayhome. Thinkingtoo deceasedonly Intoxicated, he w « * ,him conveyed t o t h e First precinct stationit was first discovered that he was dead. The apparenwhamthebloodwasstilloozing,aadwhich seemedtobeinflicted with s club or slung shot A n STBrnlimtlflB oftoe person of deceased was then made, and fromnemopapersfoundinMrpocket,hisnameandresi-dence were ascertained and Captain Silvey at sacs des- ton aad Pocahontas; Spth, steamship Arabia, tor Liver-tee on Commerce. nature wet need aa electioneering fodder. He was con At Sing Sing several valuable trees were blown down, patched a policeman to inform h is family of toe sad oc- pool; Feb. 1, ship Memnon. ismmm omen sawftarwumtm not. vinced thai If Um franking privilege was abohshed therenoimKte* of tbe Whole, «r. «row in tbe chair, onthe RatHit All toe Senate's smeadmenm Mr. BBmoaaa, (re».) of Ohio, from the Committee on would be just as Many public papers and official docu- buildings damaged, and cupolas and piazzas demolished. currence. AaUkhntof Mr. Tours was found on tte pave- The Canada Batted from Halifax at half past live o'ctoekWaysnnd Means),reported back thePostOffice appro- mentsdisseminatedthroughUMcountryas therewerestpriation bill, whereupon Um Hooae resolved itaetf into UM present moment. B e hoped UM House would stand Committee of the Whole en the State of the Union on the by the committee in thai matter, and adopt UM amend-ThesameoccurredatTarrytown. ment,battereddownthroughtoecentrewith theinstru- onthe10th,toeweatherbeingthick,windwesterly,aada At Vonkers the damage was quite extensive. Thereof ment wita which toe blow w a s inflicted, showing that snow storm prevailing.two—those abottehing the freak to printing Peat Office Blanks.willcontinue,anditlanotinspcesiblethatAM between UMtwo houses on the •object wi11gjortatMBtotoaCommitteeofOonferenoe,fromwhich u(f-»fewwillarisesufficienttokillthebill.the Senate for reform, and new they were met at the very privilege.assfm r'-, has endangered the whole Peat Office bill. threshold by the Senate, who bad refused to pass the mil On motion of Mr. SHXRIUN, that the committee now rise,of S t Paul's church, on Broadway, was broken in by thearaaca or am. wusow isuum rim asounosi or rat Mr. Bococx, (dem.) of Va, was In favor of UMaction fatting of the large chimney upon it. The cupola of Mr. taken place.subject,Mr.Grow,(rep.)ofPn.,occupyingthechair, ments.toemurderwassuddensadthatnoscufflecouldhave Theremain*ofCaptainHarrisonwereremovedfrom Southampton on toe 28th, amidst every demonstration ofnusmrao mmusm. Mr.MiUBOt,(dem)ofVa., opposad theamendmentof the Senate in tills matter, and he hoped the House wouldnothesitatetoadoptingUMamendmentsproponed. Thefranking privilege hehad long desiredtosee abo-Mlgby's seminary was demolished. The roof of Mr. Van Houton'sresidencewss damagedconsiderably;UMlargeFromtoefact that a goldwatchwhich aseeassdwasrespect. Bella were tolled, minute guns fired, and toeuponaformeroccasion,whenasimilar amendmentwan proposed. Thecommittee,mview of theurgenoyofthe lished.shopsclosed. Theprofessionwuheaded bytheofficers signofThompson4 Brevootwasblowndown,andthetin pression waa given Um? the murder wastheresultof aad crew of the Oreat Eastern. The American Con-tion, and three millions of dollars had been unproutably frittered away with lightning ity. At that time, too, theyspenttwoorthreedaysin inntheir attention, notMr. GAiumrr, (dem.) of V a , spoke in favor of UM the river escaped without serious injury to either had toft his watch at home on that evening. 27th, aad was interred to S t James Cemetery m thai•w<wise ••!•—i o a u . anax-mmo* 4Mmenus. which the exigencies of the public service demand should tellers were ordered, and UMmotion was carried. awaamrbetween Mueaia. Hickman andEdmundaon bepassedspeedily. TheysawthatwithinUmhuttwelve TheHooae resumed,aad UMCaMnWaareportedpro-thewaterbeingblownover UMbanks. Theriverwas moremysterythanever.pany. AmeetingofCaptain Harrison'sfriends was to beheldInLondon,forUiepurposeofrecordingtheirsym- pathy for his bereaved family.- Um bin, at amended Mr. Sxcvmn, (rep.) of Pa., as a member of UM Com-roof rolled up on UMhouse of Mr. MiUs.case,atthattimeconsentedtopass*neBM,» a—ww mitteeofWaysaadMoans,wastofavoroftheamend bytheSenate,undertheoperationoftheprevious ques- meats.ahighwayrobbery.SubsequenUytheson-in-lawofTours sulwasamongst UMlargenumberwhotookpartla Ws learn that scarcely a city or village on arrivedattoestationhouse,andstatedthattoe deceased It ThecorpseresahsdLiverpoolontoomorningof Umamendments.Mr.Vaiuanmaaw,(dem.)ofOhio,waa decidedlyop-posed to the amendment for UMabolition of the frankingbuildings,greenheaeesor bridges. Thelumber to too This, together with UM fact that Bis porte city, intoepresenceofanmuasaae crowd. Maayshops different yards was carried to all directions, some to a monnaie was afterwards found to his pocket untouched, along toe route were partially semen, aad all nags were "considerable distance. The track between this city and dispelled all suspicions that toe murder was instigated b y at hah* mast Among Um pall bearers were Captarns Yonkers is in many places covered with ice, caused b y a desire of plunder. It consequently became enveloped in Judkins, Lang and others of UM Cunard Steamship Com-but afterwards consented with great apparent reluctance.vernment to be dogged sad crippled. If they consent to vor and some In opposition to UM amendments, and at The river is agaia lam freezing over between this city Dowlmg keeps a low drinking saloon in the cellar of Mo. The Vienna Wiener Zietung of January 90, contains theadopt the alternative of allowing UM operations of the go-am «(late from bleeding at the lungs.gar contradictory atoriee are in circulation respect- the action of the Senate in this matter, they would put it twenty minutes past four the committee rose and UM aj ike affair, bat the facts are believed to be, out of the power of UMHouse, in all time to oome, to re- Bouse resumed.sist any future attempts to alter UM legislation of UM The CBAnauit reported nothing done. m nmundsoa, meeting Htokmaa in the Cepttoi country by means of an appropriation bill. The Appro- The Bouse then adjourned.jwaat, deliberately eat a small fir switch and applied ft priation bill, when sent to the Senate, does not require •ft.fflcknan'sface,denouncinghimatthesametime amendwent—indeed,canscarcelyadmitofit—becauseit • • toward and slanderer. Messrs. Breckinridge and ia drawn up perfectly, aad with a view to meet the cur-rentexpenses ofteegovernment HeretoforeUmlot wbo were in aompany with Mr. Edmundaon, pre- amendments consisted almost altogether of additions crowded. Jack Frost, wearied of Inaction the night pre-further proceedings. The allegod cause of attack to, or changes In, UMexisting law, and the bill ia sent vious, worked himself up to a remarkable pitch of fury,10, a lew doors below toe spot where the murder waaaad Yonkers; the cbannel to yet open, but it is full of committed. following aenu-ouciaJ communication to UMAustrian pub-should relieve him ofthe burthen it entailed. They might number of ladles on skates mingled with UM gea iWJNrasl The work will be executed here, a thing aa well say that it was through privilege the officers of the Uemen would bear the proportion to toe wholeww ilcu before. Mr. Alexander has heretofore been a navy were sent abroad to uphold UM national flag inA letter from a semi official source In Madrid says:— Insomepoliticalcirclestoequestionhasbeen dtocuasedei-eostractor, and did the work in New Y ork iHorwTXErr or re* D*M» or SSSUTOS BBODBRICK.Stulor Broderick s death will b e announced in t h e sent oa Monday by Senator Haun, the successor of the Havre. Pogb, Wade and others will deliverall parts of the world, a s well along the sickly coastsof Africa as upon the classic shores of the Mediterranean.The officers of UM army enjoy a privilege, which ia afighting privilege, that they may put men to death, or b eput to death themselves in time of war- let all those pri- low in UMair, while here and there could be seen languid vileges be abolished a t once—the roaming privilege, the representatives o f UM fair a e x , lounging with the most flgnting, and the Senatorial and representative franking abandoned nonchalance, ia chairs on runners, while theirought to be granted htm.The following letter has been received from Warsaw*the death will be announced in the Hooae by privilege. The plea for the abolition of the franking pri- devoted escorts, puffing and blowing like carriage dogs ft. Betas,at California, and addresses will be delivered vilege is, that a great deal will b e aaved lo UM country behind a photon, shored, pushed, pulled and blew till tnerebf,but hedidnot seehow inthis waya saving exhaustion eitherupsetthechairor letItslide beyond >jrMawsmat,ofGal.;Hukm,ofN.Y.;Hickman,of couldbeeuecleU. ItwassaidthatUMPomOUkeshould theirreach. Binthoselanguidfaironeswere"fewanddated toe 14th of Jasuaij —ra. Jarftgame, of Mam., and Morris, of D l be a self sustaining department. He, for one, however, had never thought that this should necessarily be so. IBS DKMOCKATlC WSATOR1A1 CACCTS. That proposition proceeded upon the assumption thatfar between;'* In fact, the energy, the skill and the zos; with which the ladies enter into the spirit is truly won derful, even to UMexpert masculines. Onething, thoughpassed on. O n reaching home, a few doors off, he tola of UM peasants, have received orders to quit t h e captml,2KiamocraucSenatorial caucus metagain this morning there was no portion of UM people of the United Stales in their manners is remarkable: they never go backand bade him call a policeman. When he returned he but tout b u not calmed the agitation. The dermties sincem we ia seajtoo. upwards of four hours. The subjeq• feast caucus was reramed, which was to harmonize ft uric us reeolutiots now under discussion in the; hat a regard to slavery in the Territories, with the' ew H sreeenttog some general platform, which wiltlast ft* conlHeting views of an the democratic Senators Ian its subject. I team that shoot hair the Senators •Mousedto adopting any reaohsUooa whatever.who derived benefit from the operations of that depart- wards. What woman, though, ever did go backwardment except those who received letters and newspapers when s h e c a n strike o u t forward ? Another very o bby mail, and who paid for the benefit thus received. B u t servable fact which wiU b e , perhaps, suggestive to shipthis waa a great mistake. There were thousands of men, builders, is the ladies with the smallest feet, like mice, &j.cultivators and laborers, wbo never received a letter are evidently the best skaters. The runner of the skatin their Uvea, and who never subscribed to a acting as a "keel," how such small " undernewspaper, and wbo could not read either if they did. standings" can, on such a slippery surfaceThtie men learn, nevertheless, through the working of bob and dance without a reel or a tumble downthePostOffice,manytilingsofgreatadvantagetothem. right, is a singular problem to the gentlemenThey learn from their neighbors t h e market prices, a n d of double oppers, and three soles with a cork inside. StillUMrate of labor, and where labor la wanted- The far- ttiey do it, and do it gracefully, swiftly anl expertly;and and,according to their statement, it was literally pushedfound an officer there, and complied with his request to their return home have recommended the discussionofSkating at theCentralThe Central Park Skating Pond yesterday was againput by England, that aba did act intend to begin a a e w toemurder. HearrestedbaninDowiing'ssaloon,and wuinItaly,butshouldprotestagainsttheinjusticeof whentakentothestationhousebewaswithouthiscoat FranceIftoeDukeswerenotrestored. WebelieveUmt Theofficersubsequentlyreturnedandfoundtoecoat,be nosuchanswerhasbeengiven,u noquestionhasbeennumber of skaters tf about one-third. In spite of their surroundlngs of UM bars and grates of crinoline, they struck oat, slid, glid, sailed and twirled like a swal-Park,floatingice, thus rendering navigation difficult and dan- gerous.EFFECTSOFTOEGALEINNEWJERSEY.AtFranklin, Belleville township, N.J., the chimney of thewoollenfactoryofJohnDuncan,Esq.,blewdownon Friday morning, instantly killing John Tucker aad Injur- ing John Fltzsimmons and John Mandeville. The latter was badly bruised, and being thrown under t h e boiler waaAfter toe body had been lying to toe station bouse a hc>-short time an officer brought in another man, aamed John The London Timet says, Austria replied to a questionsmeared with blood. Thissuspicious circumstance seemed putmeantimeCaptainSilveywilluseeveryendeavorto clearproofthatthesacrificeincurredbaabeenenormous, uaaids of the United States, provided toe franking popular government, sustained by popular opinion. sore, has no booths, tents filled with veal pies, and brick toe other, leaves a wife and one chill, who reside in Mont- ferret out the perpetrators and ascertain the cause of and hence it is not probable that they will again speedilyTile* la abolished, for the revenue arising therefrom. The government was ruled and controlled by the people, dnst coffee around it, nor has It any flags, with the and how could the people discharge the great trust they stars and stripes streaming in the air; bu: it has some- •* tmpsny is abuniact.y able to perform the work. held If their representatives here kept them in Ignorance thing when there to skating, of which the gentlemen on•jJikthefrankingprivilegebeabohshedthissession, ofUMactionofUMexecutivegovernment? Thepractice theirpondcannotboast,andthatisthe''Balmoral.''The as? ire a comber of members who have resolutions of franking and sending important documents to their " <a)moral" was everywhere—Brother Jonathan's "rag"rose street, above Carpenter.THEGALEINCONNECTICUT. [From toe New Haven Journal, Feb. 11]toe murder.Yesterday morning Doctors Christopher Wcltze andBeach made a post mortem examination of the body, pre-paratorytotoeCoroner'sinvestigation. Externallyarise into favor.O u r L o n d o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . Loanox,Jan.20,18M.tebtarrethatpeopleintheXortbandWestwere •«4Ctoasarchto Vn-giaia and rescue Brown and his pat-as, aad opoa which belief be made a great mill-wassaidthatitcostamilliondollars;butbyabolishingthe fransingprivilegewouldUMgovernmentsavethatamount? He was convinced that ther would not. One great evil they would cause by abolishing UM franking privilege,The fine weather yesterday afternoon broughtoutcrowds of people, andtheomnibuses,carriages andother vehicles were taxed to their entire capacity toac-commodate UM rush for UM skating grounds- At fouro'clock there were about a thousand people on UMice,whichwasinfaircondition,andsufficienttoextenttoao off,andlaudedontoetoetotheharbor. Initspassage street,andheldtheofficeofSchoolTrusteeofhiswardwill benumerically paraded to toe world. Theonly doubtto,whetherto case ofactual agfatiug, UMBOsoldiers in embryo will muster In similar force, and rush with actual gallantry to the cannon's mouth. Peace profes- sionsueextensiveandvoluminous,aftertoestyleofthat ferociouspartywhomade boasts or touching toe lion's skin ere he had succeeded m slaying a specimen of that king of the beasts' world.ToAmericans,ettmsasoftoegrandest, freest and most straighttorward nation of toe globe, there mum,if you condescended to give toe subject your attention, appear much rottenness and vsnity intotoriflecorns movement with us,aadto any impartial Judge who weald take even a alight peepl to present km name as a eandi«aM for theihmwemttdBthither la omvaequenas o f the death of*ifwlsyroorehatWanappolntod Qerkmthe tsftMaretpmACkim.NewYorkersarrivedhereULSeven-IWasyrfania, today presented a m*> ,from dtlsens of P»ila,lsfohiB, rehv i in tan Navy Yard af that cay, asm3hasty sad ruinous legislation, to incorporate a motion peat tmportance to aa appropriation biU, in the last boutsof a session, aad compel them to stop the wheels ofof toe Academy* absolutely bloomed with female beauty. The opera waa UM " Puritani," in which Adeline Paul, Brignoli, Ferri aad Susini renewed their triumphs of - thetn«! amount; of moneys by team mestved daring the year 18$*id , w iMi!8 p o , U l o n h « been made of the funds mooUomsd iReport, lat That the number of ueesses granted durmr the r e a dfor these shop soldiers go in Cor broad chests and tola wanes.T h e chimney was 107 feet high, aad w a sThe Vienna public ao firmly believes Umt Um State will bebankruptiftoew utorenewed,ttuttCountBeckberg's thatdeceasedwasrecentlyappointedbyEmanuelB. contradictionofyourstatementhastodtoafartherdete-gured that it was with difficulty that his friends could re- cognise him. Several men hadjus*,started toward the buildingforthepurposeofgoingtowork,butbeforo reaching it a heavy gust of wind struck the north wall,arrested in the neighborhood of the murder, with a re- quest that the) should all make their appearance at the inquestaswitnesses.nobility have expressed great indignation at tote circular, and declare that toe minister has exceeded bis authority. ThenobilityoftoegovernmentsofTwerandRtoxanhave addresaed protests to their respective governors. Thesmall abrasion was discovered on the forehead, one inchconstituentswssnotsoextenaireamatter afterall. For nowhere. Infine,tospiteoftheroughtoe,andthethin Abouteleveno'clockThursday night,the wind,which abovethelefteyebrow. Three other distinct abrasions OontviuedProgrm of"the VoUmUtr OrganLaUan—Wa**•> prepared abolishing the whole Post Office system, instance, sopposmg that UMcost of printing one copy of erupting of snow, the skating yesterday was lively, the had up to that time been from toe southwest, with mild, were found on the nose. On farther examination of thatMfttwintthemala-tobecarriedbyprivateenterprise, UMPresidentsMessageamounted to five thousanddol scenerefreshing,theexerciseinvigorating;and.Ifacom- pleasantweather,suddenlyshiftedtotoenorthwest,with organtheethmoid bones were found fractured. There*• t»Buns manner that express matter v now con- lars, a second copy would cost only twenty cents more, promise can only be brought about between Jack Frost slight rain, followed by a snow squall. Daring toe night were no other external marks of violence. On removingthe Soldier* be Effectual if Culled Onf—How the E*gluh Dxffcrtfrom iKtAtnmcan SyHem—TheGreatMcUrn— Literary Banquet, dc TherapidstridesoftoeVolunteerRifleCorpsireintoeadvance, notwithstanding UM peaceable and liberal, :nandagainathirdcopywould com onlyfortycents addi-tional,andsoon.HewasopposedlooverdoingUMwork, m n a m a B U T irrBtrxunax. but a medium ought to be observed. He was opposed to Sratittarls ws Baking to Induce the Senate Brown amendments proposed in this way, not only because the Senate's amendments did not come before thorn in a pro- lwCcnauUsetolubpmaa GOT-Wlae before them,to permanner,butalsobecauseheobjectedtoUMtheoryof•wtuvasthisgroaadswereforaaaertingthathehadtheprojectedchange.HedidnotbehoveUMfranking privilegeinvolvedsogreatanexpense aawaa stated. ItandUMCroton Aqueduct,sothatagoodfloodingcantake toe wind blew heavily, andtowardsmorningincreased thescalpconsiderable ecchymoste wasdiscovered over placeandUMwaterfreezeattherighttime,skaterscan toaseveregale,which continuedthroughouttoeday, theregionoftoerightparietalbone. Onopeningthecra- repeat the scene of yesterday, and hardware merchants toe weather being very cold. A number of vessels which nium a luge amount of blood w u found upon toe poste-'^**Tsttfcs•xeeuttosofthosemen. Itisaaldthal for,whatevererrorsmightbecommittedhere,youtake*•»WJIbeea*d,sadtheresultwillbethatsome "I <euJuptneotswillhemade,orthattheGovernor *•txpoisdhiataklagan unntciaaaryf°**a!soest. Watchwaythescales will tarnisitoutofUMpowerofUMpeopletocorrectthembycat- ting off communication between UMpeople aad their representatives, by refusing to furnish them with official documents. For these reasons be waaopposed to the amendatonuproposedbythe Senate.Mr. COBB, (dem ) of Aft., advocated the giving out the printing o f UM Post Office bunks by contract.• Mr pLommcs, (dem.) of Pa , said it was a mistake that seventypercentumwouldbesaved,oataboutthirty would be.commodate themallwithoutcrowding. TheBalmoralskirtsseemtobeUMrageontheioIeB,,aBnUUd,truth to tell, are exceedingly pretty to their enect.overUMwharf,itcamsnearstrikinganIrishmanonUm head,whowasslowlymakinghiswayupthepier,against a strong head wind.We learn that considerable damage was done to build- ings in thisvicinitybytheviolenceoftoegale. In UM townofWestportanunoccupiedbuildingnearUMrail- road track, formerly used as a rubber factory, was con- siderablydamaged;theroofwasblownoff,andtoemain supports of toe building were started from their founda- tions.In Norwalk serious damage was done. We are indebtedattoetimeofhisdeath. Hisdutiesu roundsman com- menoedeverynightattwelveo'clock,andhe wasabout to go upon his post on Friday night when BO foully mur- dered.TheLegislatureandtheExciseCommie, s l o n e r s .Thefollowingresolution,passedbytoeLegislature,ask- inginformationastotheamountofmoneycollectedby the Excise Commissioners during the year 1859, and toeof cenaieerab^specnlation. >»—• n i lG«n. TaiUaferro wingive the evil one his due, there are some good things comeoutoftheNazarethoffashionable follies,andonlof tbem Is ttie Balmoral skirt, which, for muddy side a n d cress walks, cold and wet weather, and public skating, are as near UM thing as can be. They are very conveni- ent for the getting up of a regular stating costume, such astowornbyCanadianladies,whoindulgelargelytothis sport A costume appeared on UM ice yesterday whichaovicm raow nnc caau SQCJDBOX.« • -tavy Depsrtmsnt received advices this morning < * • » * » • latnall, dated Hong Kong, November 90.Uttle Mr.Conrepliedthatematwasworthsaving.Healsowaaaverynearapproachtoit,and,withalittlecarelesstoMr.L.P.Alb*,oftheNorwalsHotel,fortoefollowingdispositionmadethereof,hasbeenreceivedbytoeCom^vS?.. igafn".•*«•**"»,•»willundertaketo•"preparmg to leave there on the 1st of February, advocated Use abolition of the franking privilege. The arrangement, would hare been decidedly picturesque. account of the effects of the gale in that place:—establish it so. The basis on which it is founded to all awry, and it is not at all the style of thing you would permit on the free soil of the States. W h u your citisens do is for themselves, not tor a ssonarch-not for a tin- selleduppertenthousand. WeEnglish,ifwewouldbut• JaBsneao Coram.«ooers. AD the neceaaary had been made lor that purpose, and he !"«•**withthemonboardthePowhatanaadlandgood m the system waa not equal to UMevils.aracB OF a s . srAYTO* aaamm* m a ABOMBOW or rannuaame nuvnaoaMr.Sxarroa, (rep.) ofOhio,concurred intheviewsAs it was. It was UMfeature of UMoccasion. The Cana- The new Methodist church (up town), which w as mission:— dian ladies either wear short dresses, or retain UMlong nearly completed and ready for UM plasterers, to avioiato by adopting amend menis of this kind r skating costume—something decidedly unique and pretty.Mr. STASTCW—Appropriation bills are indeepenrable to The man who wouldn't fall in love with it must b e a n thecarrytag oaofthe government. Withoutthem they anchorite. couldpotmove,andUMpublicservicewouldbebroughtto a dead lock. Every member open that floor was Impera-Norwalk has suffered considerably. Several stores have moved from their foundatoias, and toe proprietors have closedthem. Atthattimeofwriting(12o'clock)toepole andsignaloatoerailroadbridgehasjustgone.above:—„ „_Of course they are commanded and officered by lords, lord lings and baronets—a lord, perhaps, whose real name CTJT°***" oax,Feb.10,I860 isBrown(withouttoee),SmithandRobinson,orJones-sharpen up their "gutters."put into our harbor for safety, were tossed to aad fro by rior portion of the right hemisphere of the brum, pro- too violence of the gale, which caused a tremendous sea, ducing compression. A minute examination of toe skullsiATIXOATssraoiT.ct. Joones tucked up, somewhat to the Henry UM Eighth style. complete wreck. The building was a noble edifice, (Ifoarladyreadersareatalosstoknow whatthatis, erected at large expense,saditsdestructionwillbegram or >*«w YORK, Smuva CHAMBER, i ALBASy. fob. 7,1800. 4GufTLxnnir-OnmotionofMr.Ptoro,came intotoeharborto theheighth oftoegale andob- liver,stomachandkidneyswerealsocongested. Intheirtained asafe anchoragetothecove,butwas aaebJeto get upto toe wharf, where she Isto discharge1her cargo, The roof of UMsmall freight bouse belonging to the Valley City Transportation Comuauy, on Long Wharf, Was blownopiniondeathresultedfromcompressionoftoebrain,the result of violence.taken by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Millson), and, let them study the Illustrated Bhakspere.) This leaves a severe toss to toe contractors and to the society. Beaolved, That toe Commissioners of Excise in the city and reflect, are truly a nation of serfs, with a shortish tether •iatam*.theBoaaokewillthentakeUmmonBkethatgentleman,feltitobligatoryuponhim,thustheshort,starspangledbannerpetticoatstoencounterUMThenewfourstorybriskbuildingownedbyF.StJohncountyofnewYorkberequiredtoreporttotheSenate,with-toasmallallowanceofliberty,grantedtoue,oncertainout delay,toeamountof moneyabythemreoeivelduringtoe early ia thesession, to prevent, if possible, tha rile weather,whilevariegatedpants,gathered at theankle, Lockwood,has sufferedconsiderable damage. Oneend year1N»,andwhatdispositionhas beennudeofthefundssopractice of incorporating independent legislation upon orstuckjauntily intotopboots,complete UMcostume A has fallen,aadUMremtinderftdamaged. Thechimney collectedforlicenses.conditions, under many restrictions. T h e very name "subject" would be offensive to you Yankees—derived fromtheLatintweyeenm—all butdirectlyimplying astate of serfdom.toNew York Everything ,andthere wasno political newsofTCT MTXirrSBJUXXAX SQTADJiaa.• assw seen reoetved from the Called Stalesshlp>•attdGenoa,Jan.So. There Officers aad crew an wsfl.MHCKUAMBOTS.m**» ^»>dt of Senator Pearee, of Marylafti, are ball. He htlditas a great injustice, and calculated to leadappropriationbills. Canadahatandfeather,whichsomepeoplelike,andsome on the Unionschool house hasblown down, aad toe ^frTBcmmrt,(dem.)ofBy.,askedwhatruledidthey don't,setsoffthesumtotal,andwehaveafulldrees scholarshavebeendismissed. Ely'»buildingatSouthByorderoftheSenate. JAMBSTEBWUAIGEB, Clerk. ThesubjoinedIsthereplyoftheCommissionerstotheSince penning the above.it baa been discovered thattivelyobligedtovotesoaanottodefeatUMpurposesofa ACADEMYorMisc.—TheOperasuanaecyesterdayat- twomenareonwhatlocalled"BoundBeach,"aaditto acknowledgethereceiptoftheresolutionofyourhonorable TbeRoyalVictoriaRiflemengiveaball,afeweveningsvernment or to acquiesce to amasures which they be-As regards th e b ig ship, a oommiitee h a s been r ^ " * * i ! * " S »** 9* ¥<reeven, and thattturtydo? appointed to investigate all connected with its pastved to be destructive of th e pubic welfare. Wow, the Kfirm night of UMseason.performance will be given atpopular prices.Arrivals samel Departures. aaaiVALft.House had recognised the soundness of thai principle,by adoptingarolewhich prohioim theintroduction ofsay toaaappropravdon billwhichproposedto anyexistinglaws. Teatrulewas)foundedoa Haelf to tae House. H e submitted, therefore, that UM Houae could not, with a regard to aft own dignity and privileges, permit a rble to remain unrepealed!aaaongthose whicn regulated lustasm of the Houae, and by whi-m they originate •W*oi*isBton bills, and which at the same time recogniied the right of UM Senate to incorporate general legislation o p « soeh bills, and to demand of them that theyshouid f^^UMm, regardless of th e time and manner of theirFromtlv ia'wTnsJTwoaelBrtoburoe A M UeNjBd'Heni..Canada—Twem dornin3d.ThemoneypaidtoUie(tosasatoBa; tnr <•...<__tosyear1869,forlicetteagrantedduringtintyear,amounts chartertoeship;butHspe,wbohasalreadyi toninethousandeighthundred andseventydo&ars andthat £100,000, aadBrowningSmito£22,000, went hers toeMr.ST.warr was sot aware of the exfttsaee of nuchaJ J J»«ghty-lrm rule did not forbid sayoftracted UMlargest house of UM mason. The auditorium feared that they must perwh, as no assistance can be ren body, requiringtoe "Commissioners of Excise InUMear and hence, at the St. James' Hall—no man admitted exceptmaad meA a tWM. JAT HASCSTT,BOBT D . HOI JOBS,of City aad County at Kew York.Battery a t Hobokcn. MMitwu resorted yesterday that the high fenees sur-This evening a grand oratorio[art was fixed by Ous Board as the regular license fee2d. lhatoftiMssid»7lMBnaas*Smied. SRhTfebeen paid tasaad thebalancenowreamtestomebandsofUnCemmto-existence a n d companies a n d future. I t will b e quits impossible to have a report before the 7th of February. Onepartytoforchartering,theother formanagingand payingsalaries Mr.Lever,MI',forGalway,wantstoaccustomedtowearwasnotfound onhisperson,toeim.Grady, on suspicion of having had something to do withAbout fif-Hart, Surveyor of toe Port, to the poattkHf*ofcommending roundsman of toe night patrolmen of toeCustom Bouse, to seethat Umlatter performed their duty.Haperformedhisowedutiesveryfaithfully,whoarenotawarethaiAustriamumfortoemomentbe and frequently reported remissness of duty on the part of content to play a secondary part in Germany aad Italy. many of the patrol, who, in consequence, were reprimandMandeville, it is thought, wlU n o t recover.in other factories i a t h e vicinity stopped work, fearing that their chimneys would also fall.In Newark, N. J., the gale unroofed houses, blew down chimneys, &c, but caused no very serious damage.THE STORM A T PHILADELPHIA.The great gale extended for enough South to rage through Philadelphia with terrific violence. From among UM long hat of casualties we extract UM Ledger't accountof UMprincipal disaster of the day:—The storm waa unusually severe at the Point BreezeGas Works, UM splendid new brown stone retort house,erected last year, having been levelled to UM groundabout seven o'clock yesterday morning, and what to stillworse,twoofUMworkmen.namedJamesBartandWm.MoClain, were instantly killed by UM walls falling uponthem. W e learned toe following facta of this said affairfrom UM superintendent at UMworks. The house Wasone story, bei/g sixty feet from UMground to toe top ofUM roof, toe latter being very sharp. It waa M feetwide and 260 feet long, and built of Trenton brown st me,toe walls being 18 Inches thick; toe roof was of iron,coveredwithslate,findgreatcarewastakentotoocoa- firstinclinedtogethimuponhisfont;butUstektegthatif Thedeputiesfromthenobilitywhoweresummonedto structica of the hoefe. It contained about 72 retorts, he had been robbed they would be liable to suspicion, St. Petersburg to dtocuss toe aamtioa af toe iiasm i|issfi seme of which were la use at toe time of the accidentThe bandsThe Vienna correspondents o f the German papers evi- edordischarged. Thelatter,itisnowsupposed,filled dentlyfeelhowextremelynecessaryittothattoeinternalwithadesireofrevongmgthemselvesuponTours,hired affairsoftoeempireshouldbeputtoorderwithoutUmsome miscreant or miscreants to kill him. Mr. Tours fre- quently complained to Mr. Hart of being threatened with personal violence by those whose discharge h e had occa- sioned.least delay; for they one and all declare Umt a war to defence of a principle would hardly fail, u matters now stand, to be attended with the most deplorable results for UM monarchy.Coroner Jackman summoned a jury yesterday morning,aad a preliminary Investigation took place. Gradywasexaminedtoregard totoebloodwhichwasfoundon hiscoat. Bestatedthataweekormoresincebewasbadly astowhether,intoeeventoftoeFrenchgovernmentre- beaten and cut about toe fose, by two men, and she blood calling its troops from Borne, toe Spaafth government whichcamefromthewoundsfloweddownontohisooat. ought,eitheraloneorinconjunctionwithMaples,toi This statement was confirmed by two gashes which he troopsto keep garrison in that city; and toe general« exhibited over his mouth aad eye, and which were not as ion is that toe government ought act to do either, but tout yet healed. With regard to bis presence at toe scene of if the 1'ope should wish lo seek an asylum in Spain, one the murder, be said that be was going home with a friendabout eleven o'olock, when they observed t h e deceasedstretched upon t h e sidewalk with h i s face downward.They supposed him to be a drunken man, aad were athismotheroftoefact,andshetoldhimitwasashame wheretheirpresencewasconsidereddangerous,andloThere were five men In toe building at the time of itsdestruction and three of them, named John Boyle, DavidHemphill, and Henry Connelly, escaped without injury,In consequence of their being near toe retorts, wh'chprevented the walls a n d roof from falling upon them.Hart and McCain started to run as soon as they discover-ed that the building was tumbling do sn, but were caughtby Uie falling of the north wall, and crushed in s mostshocking manner, one of them being so mushdisQ charged him. together with several others that had been puties hare no longer any right to discuss it Toe Russianthat they should leave a poor man out in so cold a night, retire to their respective governments. They have obeyed;assist in carrying toe body to toe station hooae, after Uie question of emancipation; but M. Lsnskoi, tbe Minister Twhich he was arrested. Lp>n these representations, of the Interior, has addressed a circular to toe governors Coroner Jackman thought there were not sufficient of provinces. In which he telle them that tbe emancipation groundstodetainhimtocustody,andaccordinglydie- oftoepeasantsisnowaquestionofState-,andthattoede-The woman who was seen to Broadway with Mr. Tours,only a few minutes previous to the murder, to unknown, other governments of Great Russia will follow their exA small pamphlet, entitled "i'ract.cal Hints o n t h e which supported the roof, are bent in every conceivable ascertained by the officer. Whether this woman to In Tests or Stability and Profit, for the Gu dance anu Warn-log at ten o'clock A M., at toe Seventh precinct station numbers of victims that could ba enumerated, Wbo havepromises, Kew Year's letter of France's elected Emperor; andcamenearswampingsomeofthemattheiranchorage. revealednofracture. Thelungs were found somewhat somuchsothateverydaysome newcorpstogenerated, [FromtheDetroitFreePress.] ThebrigEugeneA.Bead(ofHartford)fromCardenas,congested,toeheartslightlystypertropbedandfatty.TheandtherecannotbetoeslightestdoubtthatalargeforceMr. Tours was a married man, residing U 225 MonroeHati. falkoarr. Cowan. Hottlbe power used to clear the way. Cables were attached to . \ . I ^ l ^ " * ^ - ? ^ * the Bald County Treasurer Jaanmem, have given a gterama senejmt to ttmtr principalstocBurksu, Klrktulrtok. 1 M 4two hundred dollars, ooltoctnd on tud/raents aeilnst violatorsLongand son.Geo Bussed, J G? *»°«at thus«>Useted andduly pantoveristeaumusaadandsevaatr dollars.Prentts,torn June o f UM manslaughter o f Peter LUiJOuol.ageiamlOt.telialsAO.o fAlleghanycounty,UM shed, and one large piece after another was torn away, till arter a dosen successful attemptstoe ahed was entirely removed, and Its ruins tossed off at toe side of the road. T h f accident detained t h e train almost half a n hour.^^^ — _THE SCHOCNER RACER.ot 4 wko1 2* ^"'Lf* $ * **oontribu ors. One can easily fancy what a feast there was—Thackeray and hto aaatotaate':,600 copies of W. Lamasire Book of India, hare beenPamB,Jan. 11,1100.TOTBI1P1TJaOFTU«Hk&ALD. roundingStevens'famoustoalingbatt.-ryatBobokeaMr.aummmmmmtmmmtkmMmiNEWTeam,Feb.11,1800.PleaserectifyUmreportmtoday's issue iaregardtothe schooner Racer. Instead or hfa port side being badlystoveandfullofwater,alUmughia ensofthe mostea-rn toe hsr*or,she has not taken any. - - . damage corslets o f a broken rail, one aadUMcapibMf watot spttt, watch can ail b ewheb8 r ***£"'.L*J^^S*! ' S * S ""I' • » « * "^rressaant,to the part o f Fredericksburg, Va.,f«r a return cargo. Most resDectfttlrv. vours. Ac .•"Byowaw w^Bern^B^^BBesBM-Y a j^rens *•• aa** *W. V . FBaBCE, Master. flaw BBASBVaiBAoeeT «* Mama.—Thewere swept awaybytoestormofFriday*,weyesterday morningdespatchedareportertoUiesceneofdestruction, for Uie purpose of giving our numerous readers the bene- fit of a detailed account oftotomonstrous hidden treasure, which had renamed a mystery for so long a period; b u t an his arrival there he found Umt Mr. Stevens aad keaten the pram to their eaecavors to arrive at a soUdtoa of this grand enigma, sad taat caused sB toe ruptures madeintoeenclosuretobesecurelyfattened,notevens loophole being left through which a person could pajs. Upon his mom respectfully asking leave to viewthebat fe ^ * S **•••• •"» • w«««»mnery teetders, "that Mr. Steventpermitted no one to see it, and toeyBk Wmm JrentetamiAWFree fndtfas m*m*m JM*** sum B** « •As OHmotinte/ As fsseb, ate. We Mvc to days ofcalculate what to merrow'a sea ^ J TM * " revolutions of the iMhttoal ivarious as those of UieRtchsrdCebdena 'a. fromtosm committee jlaai^atfl^**-*'*'* <5**faaSas to s^sVllail teammakenoexceptions;"sotorntoealiasesmu^ire-*42^M«li e>wVa»^fi*dlajSsaT1 sua ftsjnansa ^ A^aawJftamnm am a^Bm faVWIe earn If to*main m a state o f tfraorsnee a s to the means that are btmgtakenfortoedefeasetsTtheskyiaearnofaamansmlf ftmlth^l i"^l?Oftln#IttCftnaanWLA MCManUiUO •aril aXiaUn**UeaasanmUssafsnJantifUVaaTlist.JntaOamiflamiatThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069fUntitled DocumentTTornHon.SBBIRortm STATSorKBWTORS.— Com- TomJones,bytoeway,toerealnameofLordRaaetogh, Theundersigned,themajorityoftoeBoardofSixbes leave to who commands the South Middlesex. maalonersof tie city and county of Hew York.becounty ofjtew Yorn to report to toe Semite, »1tboutdelav, uniform. What atuffiing and tight lacing there will be 1dered them, the surf being nearly over the beach. Peo- ple are now (1 P. M.) starting from toe village wan a life- boat, and will rescue them if possible.DETENTION OF A TRAIN BY AN ACCIDENT FROM WIND.Thismorning,saystheBostonTravelleroftoe10thinst,ataboutseveno'clock,asUMdownwardtrainonUmFitchburgBailroadwasnearWaltoam,ashed,neartoeroad, a aaadred,feettolengthbytwenty-fourinwidth,was blown down upon toe track by the gale. The train Cul»T£e»SuV«r to * * u t a - b « * t o of toto city, astos Irishman at any price.could not proceed, aad toe engine was detached and its iX 0 1 Messrs. Smith A Oder, Um publishers af UM ComhOlAFFAIRS IN EUROPE AMnojuDriMrajfCaBYTHI mm.Some of Uie Details tf tfce Kew AA*«•- Frencfe TreatyProbable Annexation of Savoy aad Bioe to France. 'Our London, Paris a n d Berlin Correspondence.e^^^»*^w»*^B^»^^^»^^^i^^»^s^«iriorationoftoe paper currency. TheImperial govern ment does not consider it necessary to acknowledge its la- abilitytowagewar,buttherearefewpersonsto toeempire www.fultonhistory.com 