.)IP' •»• ^If^f^^^^^^ r^- - - •^rk«' *.-^..•iI !»>»t,^»iI OL.K--NO.26a.NEW-YORK,TUESDAY.FEBRUARY14, 186aPRICETWOCENTS. ing, neariy fifty American gentlemen aad ladW,'B—«aFonce aAn escort will leave both Santo Y6 aad Pairnce[W.BPVABDilk«arii«ta eerT«i»OB<enM of tlw 1th ft* fc-ftMntuy*r State, iDding on there unautoorized by Jaw, it wa* his duty, notto remonstrate wlto Mr. OoaKiT and inftirm him ofIWaUlBtTMlttytf «tfc»r«T%»Mj MttCT.his vrtio has received his con-mnss—IX OLD-rjLsmoTnD9di, and 16th Fauittlxxot has issued orders to fnnish anFRANCE.DetenttonoflkeAnserleaaHall*—ASadStory Commissary aloneresponsibleforhisacts.The new Mexican Hail of the UDtQXKjlweontaiiu•iweronLord ult.,arrivedherelastBight.2^low Mr. Ginuiar to go to head-qnarteri, where the is^TirSSF >««4Tf to theUEW-TORK ^ Bori. BnrUtD SVratn. sboani-the vrtvmt* eorraipandeiHM at tbe vtth.theXz-Boeretuyof Bute, and anTMletyot other orlglDil matter.TIB IMjn DUD8-AN 0LD-FABHION|ip eUDSUl. -At UDOKBilK) eontaloi sMtperon I/9rd—Tke BncUah and the Police—The ChapelAmericaa Medleal Society—The Prlaee of Orange In France—Tarlede*.From Our Own Correspondent.Paxis, Thorsday, Jan. 26, 1880.Thisgether too military to Mr. Goanv, arises natnrallyof the SJSJSTlth tfie Ex Secreury of SMte. »nd utvbSnliiK TMiety of other origlMl matttr.)n«tlftemthe priv»t« correipondfBoePawnee Fork until the mall which leaves here to-day arrives at that potot, t Responsible parties at Santa F« are preparing toThe tardy maimer in which the American mail is delivered to London and Paris each time toe Bostonto so summary a mannerhim of his neglect and given him time to demand bis authorization in form. But th* Commissary takes tosistiin extract* from tbe priTateoonespondeseeoi the todLersonday and to Parts on Tuesday. Four times the Boston who wishes to enjoy toe Immense advantages of a policy of toat Court In (pita of Us almost iluyu Cnaarder has now stopped on comtog home at Cork, system of mnnicipal government toe most perfect of rate condition of weakness aad t*^itlwte•ahneenthlftorteD with the Xx-8«eretsrT of 8l»t«, and Ifce owal entCTtalnla^ Ttriety of other origl»«l matter.A resotoUon hadLiverpool, passage, deliveredto London on Mtm- Nowexactly as it oaght to be. man Anytog stubbomess which hasalwayschaiactailMdrtlBM XiOST BXBDS-AN OLD-rAtHIONCD_1 LOTE S„_T)QBTT-—New read,j, t—o the NIW-TORE ed this mall, Ite wmal entertaining yariety of other orlsinal matter. there, but they oflered no noIestatiOB. The mainnnBB I.OBT DBKDS-AN OLD-FASHIONED1 LOTX BTOBY—Now ready in the NKV-TOKK Assembly, protecting Slavery in the Territory ofbetween Cork andpeople, after obtaintog toe concession of a semi- notice to the Police, as Is required. For several monthsBiiiiaUl Ijthnlliii irr~'T'' EYERSrr, aboond- almost him to re- liMtoextnetefrOM the prirate correepondence of the unanimously adopted, requestingtoe meetings were held in toe new place, when it became necessary, for some incidental affair, to bold communication with the Protect of FoUce. New men to toe meantime had been placed at the heads of bu-to its own and purityA« aaaal entertatolng variety of other original matterVPHB IiOST DBED8—AN OLD-FASHIONED ture to-day, giving a history of the requisition forRailroad Company to extend their line and construct new tracks.brought to my knowledge through an application for charity. A young Jewess of New-York, of a good family, butThepatrimony of St Peter will begiven up, altl»uchwe~1 entertaining variety of other original matter.who offend its laws. against.He came near his lostoghisneglectIfEWS BY TELEGRAfEFraa the Plaiaa.ABBITAL or TBI BBW BXZIOAll XAIImlaszrzirwraoi. Ho., Hoaday, Feb. 13.t'ROM ALBANY. psocnsiias of the lsgislitusg. 8ENATE.AisAiT, Monday, Feb. 13. The bill to amend the Charter of the LongIsland Baiboad Company was reported favorably.OUKTHE MAHiS B7 THE CANADA.commissary of toe secttoa to which ia sitoated Mr.^ " " sfrCajit.escort to the malltroubles on the Plains ahall cease or be tnppresaed.oroceedlng,wtdeh seemed alto-a communication from a majority of the Excise Commlsslcners of New-York. During the year 18S9, 357 licenses were granted to that City, at the uniform charge of $30. The receipts The escort that came with this mail will remato at on 329 of these licenses have been paid over. TbepartypreseatedMonday, Jan. 23, I860.on the Ut of eachpassing each way, meeting at Cimerone Springt.Forkmonth,toprotectthemailpassed requesting Judge BimniCT to resign.thisftaithl«t*TianwiththeBf>-Secret»ry of State, and sign the Speakership, which he did. He subsequently itartalnlng variety of other original matter. resigned his seat in the Hotise, and went home. Mr.anyarrangement, however,is agreatInfalllbiUty. Ite constant d«B- laration is— Our authority is founded upon the rock of Peter, and toegates of hell shall not prevail against it We will not adopt your principles of political aT -"Uoration, or embrace your spirit of progreas, as It is called, or accept any of your pretended modemVery deep snow and cold weather was encounter-iSocieties' act, and to wtodrriKB I.OST DBBD8—AN OLD-PASHIONED CcnuA was elected Speaker to his place, and tbe Buildtog TlOVB W<»T-Nfw Teady, in the NEW-YORK bill to question was referred to a Select Committee, sociations.upall such as-—reaux men who had never heard of such a societygiven previous to the expiration of the two years al- lowed to redeem, were regular according to the pro- visions of this act, and all laws directing or requiring thesameorinanymatterrelatingthereto.IN TBI ASSEMBLY.Mr. McQcAPi, to authorize toe Second-avenueRailroad Company to New-York to construct new tracks. AllowthemtorunasingletrackfromPeck-IiOST DBBDS—AN OLD-FASHIONEDTHLUEVE STOBY—Now ready, in the NEW-YORKLESGEB. The LEDGER alao contains a paper on LordMacanlay, by the Hon. EDWARD EVEREfT, abonnd-tog in extracts from the private correspondence of theamtoent historian with the Ex Secretary of State, andthe nanal entertaining variety of other original matter.rrtHB IiOST DEEDS-AN OLD-FASHIONED ber of ladies. Not less than ten thousand persons second-strcet, and otoer streets to New-York. GivesJ. LOVE STOBY—Now ready, in the NEW-YORK were present The appointments of the hotel were the charier to John T. Conover, Moses Elv, PetergayJ. LOVX STOBT—Now ready, in the NEW-YORK liBDbER. TheLEDGERalsocontainsapaperonLord Jlacanlay, by the Hon. EDWABD BVEBETT, abound- ing in extracts from the private correspondence of the eaaineot historian with the Ez-Secretary of State and the osoal entertaining variety cf other original matter.wrecked personsFrenchvisit to one he had word,fixed. Tbe wish is now expressed in all quarters thatI.EDGER. The LKDGER also contains a paper on LordMacanlay, by the Hon. EDWARD EVEREn, aboand-ing in extracts from the private correspondence of tneeminent histerian with the Ex-Secretary of State, and"^II(OfTMitchell, Truman Smith. John M. Miller, Justto D. White, and Charles Williams, for a road commenc- tog at toe Ferry at west end of Forty-second-streetable quantity of powder, have been exploded in dif-;from his Parisian conqueste, and toought a ventila- life. Two of toese mtoes were fired within or near tion to the dfreetion of Bordeaux, and a little penL the palace of Baron Ricasou, the Preatdent !of tha fence, would do no harm before allowing him to Tuscan Ministry of State. Damage waa dcBo to the1 entertaining variety of other original matter.toato exeraetstrom the private correspondence of the Mitoent historian vrith toe Bx-Secreiary of State, and the asaal entertaining variety of other original matter. ravHB IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHinNEDas a saw and mill planingwaysuite of toe young Prince, and who are charged with dmi,toe autoors of toe crime, was supposeditoy, by th*Bon.XDWABO XVERETT, abound- 6th arrived at tliis inst,spreading to the boat-yard and sheds of Gsoaosand the particular admiration of the Prince, were in ingrilBDK IjOST VSBDS-AM OLD-FASHIONXD 1LOTlnOBT-Nowr8a4y,totheNXW-YOBKTubsofyesterday.]But we draw the veil over the melancholy journeytoBordeaux,andreturawitothePrincetoParis. andtheymustbedefeatedinthefriniquitous<le«lgiisBacanlar.bytheBon. BOWABO BVXBETT, aboond- lac in extiaota troB the private correapondence of thecuneat liiatorian with the Xz-Secretary of State,shops belonged to Wm. S. Baxbr, whose loss Is comparatively trifling, aad is fully covered by In-The stay at Bordeaux was short, and the prirly The officers of the law would not fail to exerelae thethe nfnal entertaining variety of other original matter.TBE.IiOST DEBDS—AN OLD FASHIONEDsurance.thirdThetbe nsnal entertaining variety of other original matter. totally destroyed bycharge•;largefactorynuaent historian with the of and Ex-Secretary State,wisescene of conflagrauon,ivnvrr-o.rT,=,,",?^"*--^N OLD-FASHIONED i!Fi5ftB§ *J?'*,X^'J.''J'_ «»*y. to the NEW- YORK iuSSfav" hlHl ^°*'JFr,»J;<> wntaina a paper on Lord(20,000;churches and societies are but very strict,they'^WARD EVUBtx¥, abound- JSfli^t hl•to^.^^'.t^J?''^»'«-"»"«»Po""°ce of theFeb. 13. The City Democratic Convention nominated,neitoer difficult nor burdensome. Mr. GcansT asked for and obtamed in tbe commencement a privilege toin alone, and because Englishmany people;The newspapers here teU agafristtoe present MinistrywiSTafewdays past,spontaneonsness lorlM?n eSrac'tsVjnS",",,-Chicago, Monday,rope and ran to one side of the passage-way,whereexplainedSMSaSiMtcwJai&tentSn'Ji'J'F.x-Secrelafr of State, andto toefound it necessary openbuthe bad''^wrtaming_T»nety of other original matter.lever of the struck and jammed him the engtoewall. He was assisted Into a neighboringtavern where b* died in about fifteen minutes. Theexpectedpracticaldemonstra- speculation,TRoVB^TOKT^?Jf"*VN j"SiD«B£Thru:D(?ER'„^5^?^ '",„"'«the Hon. JS' KOMTRo'l^^.^'E^fprovedAllen-street atxjve Marlborough,leanteyj^yitB oztracu from the private coTr,..,!A„L'Sneat historian, with the t-x\Krl"?^lf^SS,fl^%—vicinityanda txiok-binder by trade.age,KKirces.,mnal antertalning variety ot otheTEiOST DEED!*—AN OLDtFAaninvr,^By way of Havana, we have advices from Me- rida to Feb. 1.THLEOVE 8T0BT-N«w ready. In theBz-Secretary State, the Binal entertaintog variety of ether original matter.Dorchester-is just returned with a contradiction of itreaders, with expressions of todlgnation, toe murder of a seaman named Gaoass RrrrsB, byby Queen VictouA to Her Maje»'y person.T^A257,„ DEEDS-AN OLD-FASHIONED Jl LOVE STORY—Now ready, in the NBW-YOBKall tbe he can, wd InteiligencobeIt not prudentof olhcers theUnited States man-..f-war Brook.gn.agreedto send a Plenlpoten-Btow Ias on NukeHilL^thattotomalilfninit.h— .-.Dc,oA.v, has inst diedshould tbe Ene-OLD-FASHIONEDdeceased to be Jahsb Yardlit, who resided Inl*"^,^"h"av*eNEW- YORKin the ImmediateSg^^^^'Sf^.l"?An Original Littib from Gin. WashinoCKEATBRITAIN.and_Fatal Aeeldent.CHAtaAH, Monday, Feb. 13.'Tbe flames thence communicated to some small outbuildtogs and lumber on the premises, and bomed with great fnry, at one time threaten-at the same hour, one at toe house of Salvaoxosj, theA man named Wh. Sc&wxxtxzb, residing to the Elev- enth Ward, was last night seriously injured by a stab;Prince'sbeen "mother and a good woman, as every one knows, anddoes not approve ef such peccadilloes even in a election of her Delegates, and manifests no lit-from his owned by his son to retire to bed.Railroad.building occupiedsituate on the wharf, foot of Stiackainaxon-etreet and used and occupied by the Messrs. Rox, Rnonxs A Co. The building belonged to the Booae esute. The building was filled with lumber and other combusti-Cruz.hastened ba,-ii to J'aris. glad, after so fhort a peni-toe offenders to The utmost vigilance to bring jusUoe.and fourth or wereboxes, bombs, explodedfather, who,urg.this afternoon, WAiira S. Yucatan*againstthein the French language, in order to accommodate a large numlier of young persons born in France of mixed pa- rents,andwhodidnotunderstandEnglish. Forthe privilege of holding this separate French tervtce, Mr. GtiaKxr did not demand an authorization, as the law dlsttoctly requires, and it was for this neglect that his house was closed by the Police. There was no desire««|n*»cr°° Lord PKOGBKSS OF THE WAK—expect were entirely satis- Mr. R. is about to start on a pleasure trip to. j_ ...... .rfi..Mii.rs are given, andlhav* no given,."?;?not been ableto learn any from otherAP.^.'5f-E''l,*H,"'"*«P»'"ie'>oe of tho ?•. ^V^^;"""' carried a lighted bombto march at a moment's of the wasFrench ou.; in pamphletP"W"''i"«tliistorian with the Ex-Secretary of State, and into the store of a Mr.lar Regimtoreadyof Dorchestervent- police department dty undergoing achange on account of the aggrandizement of the city.aal antartaln ng variety of other original matter. —of Se "Ploiloa. HonTWi, Sr«'For Possession of toose Hills before us thevform, but for.;;fi^'f^r,UD6U. TBa liSuuitK also contains a paper on Lord" ""^ m avervingto;f*ar the ^r^J "^ Pa-^Pbl''" said Her It^i*i^.t>>'"'"^.,^'??'''=''my getprecarioui tU^. Mr J G rendr it a difficult task Vowould thein-belterJt isWashmtor.GovernmentOLD-FASHIONED MJT still liesand the rondissement hasaixondlssements. Each ar- two or three commissaries of"of toe Ceogre**,for iU will be.^EDS-AN theTheloss upon the building is said to l« Xutchangeof tlietoehave arise, which have wiaontaayof Mg^d^HitoriH^^_-%_J--*•*.'^*So*e"rettAary SUte,andTOIttT of other original aiatter.violence threatened,anyliafawww.fultonhistory.comin the NXW-YORK DnnoAK,might not>ncl«d^vagueness, postponementBaa. EDWARD EVB abound-to the Prefect of Police for all that takes place to their respective districts,KeMSS.brOe —i^i^^lMmtf &•• the Dri vate eorrespondence of theFor my^lf,iBBTT,of the tinner who manufactured tbeble thatone is surprisedfixed toeremeeting."toMwe him from thethePrefectofFoUcetatornUresponiibietotoetogopubBc.—_.,_.CoBfres^month,till the IndianThe Presidentrematoder is still to the hands of tbe Commiasiooers. The total amount paid over is $10,070.Mr. WuLiAire totrodnoed a bill rctotive to the extraFloxxscb,Since there has been a slight yieldtog of fite ok-rigid military system that it owes traordiaary Napolooaic reticence tonchlng ItaBaa iteefficiency. TheMinisteroftheInterior,orevennl LOVa BTOIiy—Now ready, in the NKW-TOKK petitioB the Postmaster-General to annol the present pay of the Attorney-General, for attendance at mur- steamer steps at Cork, has very justly excited loud no such responsibilitybea renewal oIt the war is toevltable. ToJUnf to--•SaiS. TtheUgDGKBilioooBtaUnanaperonliOrdSSlaV, bj IrHon. MWABD KVBRWT, aboud- contract, and agreetog to carry tbe mail once a week,famishing their own escortthe New-Mexican Senate,US6KB. The UDOKJt aloo eoBtaine a paper on Lord by party.r-T"'-T. by the Bon. KDWABD KVKBStT. abonnd- Five tribes of Indians were passed at the creasing of iB>ta.ernract«tteai theprlTate correiaponddience of the the Arkansas River. Some hostile Keowas were Biaiiiinniliiilaii with the Kx-SJoeerreetary of State, andder trials, Ac.The bills to extend the time for thetime and passed.ASSEMBLY.Axunv, Monday, Feb. IS.A Special Committee was ordered to mvestigatei.»nc«B- The LEDOXB also ooDtalns a paper on Lord who reported to favor of its rejection, which was Mr. PoRD gave notice of a general bill to authorize fore, wish to see it broken up;and societies, ever since the dangerous clubs of 1848,Jfaaaolay, by theHoo. BOWABu IVEBBTT, abonnd- tew in eatracta from the private correspondence of the ath-istorianwiththeEz-SeeretaryofState,and ntertainingvarietyofotheroriginalmatter.toe formation ofand water BILLSUITBODUCXO.more l>e used expeditionare toeparticularhorror of toe. Police.The conre-I_lLoOvVB BTOBT—Now ready, in the NBW-TOKK LXDffiHL The LEOOEB also contains a paper on Lord HwallJtijttiriTTna TPfffiBPTYFTTITTT abonnd- iBg in eztraeta from the private correspondense of the .^iMBt historian with the Iz-Beeretary of State, andDICLINXS TO FABtlCIPATI IN TBI SOUTHIRN York.By Mr. Toczn, for a railroad to Tenth-avenue andat Liverpool. AntoteresUngUleofsorrowhasjustbeenerned as it wasious period of the Middle Ages.solemnbutglor-done without a dissenttog voice.companies.— By Smith, to repeal act of 1859 amendtog conttoue to stop there, toe English and C^ontinentalAflialraatRiehmond.I<OST DBBD8—AN OLD-FASHIONED SPZCIAL HX88AOX Or GOV. LITCBn TIKOIRIA proride againstfectureabouttoatverytonocentinstitution. Thethe new district to account for permitting a socie^ to go on unnoticed in his district for he knew absolutely nototog of it and had made no report on toe subject.solicitormente, threaten as you may. No possiblsCOBFKBXNCX.RicBKonn, Va., Monday, Feb. 13. Gov. Lktcbxb sent in a message to the liCgisla-otherstreets.By Mr. McQdapi, to autoorlze the Second-avenuegovernedduringtheNot one foot of ^mIBIMBB. The LBDOBB also contains a paper on Lord woon, of Iowa, in aiding bis escape. He urges The resolution respecting the fees of the Sheriff and after with him tojesterdetails on the natore of the Society, toe character ofits members, and the limits of toe debates.At last tbe authorization to resume toe meetingstion and Latin maledictions. The Chorch of Boine Is now, as it has always been. Infallible. It claims, asXaeaoJay, hy the Hon. EDWARD EVEBKTT, aboaad- nm to extraeta from tho private correspondence of thet historian with the Ex -Secretary of State, and •toen'and other officers of New- York coming up. Mr. Mas- Tiasoii proposed to lay it on the table. Carried.The resolutions of inquiry as to the expenditure enthe of Marshes, and the amount of drainage Cayugaloss and damage done by the Quarantine burnings, were adopted. Adjourned.fleeingCanada,Rome,rwtlQBJjOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED1 Van BtokY—Mow ready, in the NEW-YORK sion repotted the following resolutions to the Legis-Now,and redeemed his character for efficiency by a sumptions and haughty pretence are the same whicheral Assembly, it is Inexpedient to appoint deputies to rf»H3S I.KST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED the Conference proposed by South Carolina.Su-suppliedall the wants of toeand,at what had oc- and to.1 LOVB STORY-Now ready, in the NEW-YORK Retolved, That the Governor ofthis Commonwealthpertotendent, $1,500;Receiver, $840;to each of tbewith mutualexpressions asregretrepresenttoe will of theCentral States to toeaction ona position where it can secure the punishment ofpromptthe partof the South to itself to putit hasdom of Heaven, and it can open or shut to wlKuaao-thoseThe Jotot Committee on the South Carolina Mis-was granted, but not till after toe Commis- ever it will.suchare at least conslsten:. IteUDOBL The LXD6BB alao contains a paper on LordKaanlay, by the Bon. EDWABD BVEBETT, abound -tog in extracts from the private correspondence of theeniinent historian with the Ez-Seoretary of State, andthemnalentertainingvarietyofotheroriginalmatter. holdlngStatesanImperativenecessityfordecisive Mr.Habmondintroducedabilltoamendthe rw%BB IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED measures, does not yet mistrust the capacity of the act concemtog the Salt Springs and toe manufactureSroBY-Now ready, in the NEW-YOhK Southern States, by a wise and firm exercise of their of salt. Itsary of the section had repaired his neglect tion asthat he has already a vrife at home. The parties are this,latfcre to-day:to a complete state of destitotion, and with toe pangs series of rigorous measures toward toe Society, which in all toe meek and humble successors ofResolved, That the General Assembly of Virgtoia, recognizing to our present relations with non-Slave-of hongar have arrived remorse and disease.agesthat there shall be collected and iuaiiliy, by the Hon. EDWARD ByERXTT. abonnd- the people, and to preserve the Federal Union. For paid on all salt manufactured In tills State a duty ofof theHis Excellency, the Cavajier BcossoKrAoax, Gov-JLiffrm and liberties of UmEB. The LBDGEB alao contains a paj>er on Lord reserved powers, to protect the rightsprovidesbegged to be sent home to her friends in America, andstrengthernor-General of toe Provinces of Central Italy, lefttoa iB extracts from tbe private eorrespondenc^ of the this purpose we earnestly desire the concerted action aaunent historian with the Ex- Secretary of State, and of the Southern States, but the General Assembly re- . tt* naaal entertaihlng variety of other original matter. spectfully submits to the consideration of South Car- olina and all sister States of the South, that efficientthree cents per bushel, which duties shall be paid toto toe general fund. The Superintendent may ai>she never promisedwhat sort of individual each was, when he went outpointJVBK IjOST DBEDS-AN OLD-FASHIONED cooperation will be more safely obtained by such ceiver, who shall reside and keep his of^ce toIlOYBSTORY—Nowready, in the NEW-YORK directlegislativeactionoftheseveral Statesasmay Syracuse, and who shall also be chief clerk. UnWXB. The LBDGEB also contains a_paper on LordIla*aalay, by the Hen. BDWAKD BTEBETT, aboand- be necessary and proper, than through the agency of One Inspector of Salt to reside to each dis- laa to extraeta l^m tbe private correspondence of the an assemblage whica can exercise no leglslaUve trict One Overseer of Pumps, Aqueducts and Re-yet able to report from sight toat toe Society was really been mentioned as one to be put toto toe list of mem- what it purported to be, and that no political discus- bers of toe new Cabinet Nor Is it intimated thataslnent historian with the Ex-Secretary of State, and the nsaal entertaining variety of other original matter.powers except to debate and advise.Retolved, Therefore, that in the opinion of the Gen-on toe charity of Spaniards and on pawns made to the brokers. But even toese resources were exhaustedyoungpay her passage to New-York,This case is strongly suggestive of a want whichhas long been felt In Paris, and which should not belonger neglected by toe American residents in Paris— law—a requirement wliich seems indeed very simple toe formation of a charitable fund for the aid of unfor-IiEDGBB. The LEDOEB also contains a paper on Lord be requested to 1 communicate the foregolnit resolu- Clerks, $600. The Superintendent is authorized toMawnlir. by the Hon. EDWARD iilVERETT, abound- tog to extracts from the private correspondence of the caJnent historian with the Ex-Secretary of State, and Ih* aggal- entertaining variety of other original matter.rrtBB IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED' J. LOVB 8T0BY—How ready, in the NEW-YORK IBDOBB. The LBDOXB alao sootains a paper on I/>rd Ilaeaalav, by the Hon. EOWABD ETEBETT, aboond- ngin extracts bom the private correspondence of the amlneat historian with the Ex-Seoretary of State, and the Dsnal entertaining variety of other original matter.tions to the Governor of the State of South Carolina, and to the Governor of each of the Slaveholding States.From Havana and Key Weat> STATI OP THI HAVAHA MASKITS.Cbakuston, Monday, Feb. 13, The steamship* /jaic/ has arrived, from Havanaemploy such additional laborers as may be necessary, with the assent and approval of the Comptroller, ex-cepting in cases of accident or such emer^ncy as re- quires instant action, in which case he is empoweredto employ the necessary laborers or assistants in his discretion, and eontlnae the s.'une until opportunity may be had to obtain the assent and approval of the Comptroller.Mr. WiixULHS introduced a bill relative to the extraof the Attorney-General for attendance at mur-Saerytrials, etc. It provides that the Governor, at thetime of certifying tbe amoant charged, may directPantiaiiU,Now who was to blame here ! Evidently toe So-to the United J. LOVE STOBY-Now ready, in the NEW-TORK States Government from Mexico, was a passenger.English societyjustrflHB IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONEDdispatchespersonsacquainted with each case ef suf-such a belief and hope. A large m^ority of toe in-causent historl&n with the Ex-Secretary of State, and rived the nsnal en tertaining variety pf other original matter.slowly,and toldreadilythe number of applica- Mr. Gbakt introduced a bill to amend the act o ChOTfe fAJfaires.) must have had a long purse and aLl>VE STORY—Now ready, in the NEW-YORK premium.IBlJ GEB. The LEDGER alao contain!" a paper on Lord Xaeaolay, by the Hon. EDWARD EVEUETT, aboand- Ing in extracts from the private correapondence of the eminent historian with the Ex- Secretary of State, and the nstial entertaining variety of other original matter.acquired bying in extracts from the private correspondence of the was caught by his clothing in the belttog and whirledfrom and toe assessment includingQueenoalnent liiatorian with the Ex-Secretary of State, andthe nsnal entertaining variety of other original matter. over the shafting.His arm was torn out of tbe Jtghtings prior thereto,of the land and all matters reqtilred bylaw, to besocket, both legs fracttflad, and he was otherwise se- rriHE IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED riously tojured.not ver>' respectable, company, to theFrench capital, and that, to sum up the tbe objecte upon which much confidence is flrmiyand Key West 10th inst.Mr. E. L. PLintB, bearer of•Piedmont Encouragement must have tieen to givenUSGXB. TheLEDGER also contains a paper on Lord The stock of sugar at Havana and Matanzas was which such trial shall have been heard, and in caseabout of and heir of toe question, and they will be content withtwenty years age, aatklagMaeaalay, by the Hon. EDWARD EVERETT, abound-ing in eztncttf from the private correspondence of the 35,000 boxes;Muscovado, 8<a9 reals. Molasses ar- he shall so determine, such amount shall be certifiedyoung Prince,to the throne of Holland, is destined, as you already less. Great confidence is felt to toe more positive know, to marry the Princess Auci, second daughter policy which Count Cavoux will bring into exercise, of Quern Victoria. But the Queen, having herself as well as joy at his return to power. The name of made a marriage of inclination/ holds essentiaUy to CAvocBconstitutesof iteelf authority to the State- the doctrine that her children should have the same Hls influence is as it has beenat 4 54 reals for clayed, by the Comptroller to the Board of Supervisors of such county, and toe same shall be by toem levied and iVi for Muscovado. Exchange on London, 60 and paid into the Treasury with toe next State taxHE LOST DEBDS—AK OLD-FASHIONED days, 13^®14 premium-, on New-York, 2^2)3)4 thereafter levied.Nothtog new from Key West Accidents In Newark.1855, relative to toe collection of taxes on lands of noB- residents, and to provide for the sale of such lands for unpaid taxes. It provides that toe convey- ance shall be executed by the Comptroller, and the execution thereof shall be witnessed by the Deputy Comptroller, Surveyor-General, or Treasurer, and inlegitimate,services rendered to toe national cause, totimes whenNiwAEK,Loris Eva, a boy aeed 11 years, and employedotoer toat toere should be a little words,There are three or four men who are act- coosplcnoosIiOST DBED8-AN OLD-FASHIONEDTHLEOTXBTOBY—Nowready,intheNEW-YORKtoBiSBOP'Bfactory,atthecomerofStateandSuffolk allconveyancesheretoforeorhereafterexecutedbycourttogprelimmarytothesigningofthemarriagecontract orstotoebrilliantdramaticpassagewhichItalyisUDflXX. The LEDGER also contains a paper on Lord the of lands sold him for shall Xaeanlay,bytheHun.EDWARDEVERETT,abound- streets,whilecarelesslystepptogacrossashafttog, b«Comptroller,evidencetoattobeysaleandatlalxes,Just before tbe tune fixed for toe visit to London, toenow adding to the history of Europe, and Cavovb isN. Feb. IS. J., Monday,while totoxlcated, wasThe New Continental Hotel. Pbilasilfbia, Monday, Feb. 13.anda double track from the east side of Broadway alongdents at Paris, have a Society for toe relief of theirParan Btkveis' new " Continental Hotel " Canal-street to BoweryTherehasbeen,duringthepresentweek,ademon- stration to Florence of a viotent character, wliich has caused some excitement among the populationwas thrown open to the of the stockhold- insp^tlonavenue.Mr. A. Suns, for a railroad in Teato-avenue, Ferty-Who ever heard of a Prtocetieing exiled to the staid old vine-growing, brandy- although it has not disturbed toe general order. A making town of Bordeaux ? What did it all mean ? number of boxes, or canisters, containing a consider-ers and others this evening, including a great num-ment knew 10 bounds!universally admired. Several of the stores on the £rst floor were also opened, tocluding CaAai.u Oae-'large principal stogie contribution from an annual ball, which hasBut toe order came from toe King, his father, andwasceive toe young gentleman toto her family, fresh ject to excite terror and confusion than to destroyroas dc Soils' establishmentalongForty-second-street, Tenth-avenue, Tblrty- just taken place at toe Hotel du Louvre, and whichfonrUi-street, Broadway, Twenty-slito-Btreet, Fourth- IiOST DEEDS—AN OLD-FASHIONED The City af Fittabnrgh aad ita Kallroad avenue, Union-place, Fourteenth-street, Avenue A,is one of toe most elegant and attractive fetes of toe Winter season. The Poles hold an annual fair at toe hotel of toe Prince CzAXToarsxi in aid of their fundTilHiEOV_X BTOBY—Now ready, in the NBW-YOBK UD6KB. Tbe LXD6XB alao contains a saner on Lord Seaalay, by the Bon. EDWABD EVBBXTT, aboand- iac to extraeta from the private correspondence of theFirst-street Houston-street, Cannon-street, Grand- street, to Ferry. Returning through East-street Broome-street, Mangin-strcet, Houston and Second- street, to connect vriui track to Avenue A.Fireand1.0*0ofI.IfeatPhiladelphia.From the Feb. 13. Peruuylvaium,Shortly after our going to press on Saturday Vaeaolay, by the Bon. BBWABO BVERETf, abonnd- ment of its snbscriptien to the charter of the Vallay momtog a most dimstrous are occurred n theThe Supreme Court of Pennsylvania issued a de- er** to-day commanding the City Cojnells of Pitts- DEEDS-ANOLD-FASHIONED burghtomakefull andampleprovisionforthepay- THLEOVB BTOBY—Now ready, in the NEW-YOIK ment of the arrears of totarest due on tlM,0Oo worth;of toeirs, while toe Russian fund is a private affair,intimated to Ktog William of Holland, who seems to have held toe same opinion.historian with the Bx-Secretai7 of State, and SliiMmBital eatertalntog variety af other original matter.ing, and toe locality being central aad tn the i "liXDOXB, The LBDOEB also contains a paper on Lord of bonds issued by th* City of Pittsburgh to the pay-atelyto Bordeaux, when toe officers who form toe done. The todignation against toe party of te Cs-Sabocrlptlons.Philabilphia, Monday, Feb. IS."come between toe wind and her Majesty." She sosome of tha aerraata i a slight injury. The hour waa before t in UmFrom Northern Mexico. Nxw-OaixAifs, Monday, Feb. 13.the safe keeptog of his person as well as his morals,ing great and might have led to someIlLoOvVB STOBY—Now ready, in the NEW-YORK""'BB. The LBBSBB alao contains a paper on Lord The schooner Red Fox, from Tampico on the ble material, and the flames raged with great fury,and 7 Ining countrymen conntrywomen effectwhich is better—to build temples that arc never full,mere monuments to indicateempty that ambitiousof from his mansion and addressed the popolace, ( belies of toe chor^graphic corps the Grand Opera, toem to preserve toefr tranquillity, aad on no ae-port to-day. She brings dates from Vera Cruz to the 30th, and from the Cityof Mexico to the 26th ult[Dates >ot so recent as those given to detail in theLXBOIB. TbeLXDeiRalaoeontslnsaBaperonliOrd The staanahip Indiarula tails oa Sunday for Vera thousand dollars. The sheds, and brick work-of abhorrence towards the enemies of toe State to lead toem to do anything to disturb puDlic order, or exaggerate the oflfence. The object ofthe authors of the plot was confiisiatt,to aztraeta fram the private eorraspondence ef theUatoiiaD with the Xz-Seeretary of Bute, and "entartalnlnj variety of otlier original matter.SHXprxanamount of lumber and several small skiffs, boats, Ac, some of which belonged to other parties. A small steam yacht belonging to Hon. Joss B. Floto, Secre- taryofWar,wasalsodestroyed—hervaluewasthreeHere was a situation for men charged with so onerous a burden.allow thefrcotmt to feelingswoolen and clothA'totelligence from Turin—which had been looked for—somedays commencedillnminattognear Brook- lyn. C. W., owned by Matihiwsob * Ramli»p», wasgwiainsurance only $4,000.Democratic Mayoralty Nomination.are Paris,positive, and when understood and observed, are was not ver>- general, from toe fact toat Mr. Raeit what had occuredjoyfor Gnau Mayor.preachEnglish language,to an afternoonlatelyus that aFINAKCIAX BimCULTIIS IXPOETATION OF INDIAN LABORBKS.of the fire. He was about forty years leaves a wife and six or seven children.ofHe wasbeen made, but particularsMuchliXDeXB. theUMOBRaUoconUinsapape"onLnTrt ernment in ralstog the necessary supplies for military the annexed letter from Gen. Washington, which to arrest toe service toe PoliceXacanUy, by the Hon. EDWARD EVKREfr, JSom,d Jag in extracts from the Private correspondence of tnf esunant historian with the Ex-secr«tary of state and the nsnal entertaining variety of other ori ginalonly fol-; it stopped the service until economy. Tlie plan is highly approved, wito a sin-of Pnrlla«ent-The •rNKW-YORKdifficultyhad been encounteredbythe Gov-TOH.—The Boston RsgMter of theUto tostpubUshesmatter.THE IiOST DEEDS-AN OLD-FASmoNEb insurgents in the Eastern departmenU had beenot has Puraid, New-York, just.1 LOrE BTOBY-Now ready, in the NEW- YOKE driven to the hills and1776, with aaMr. whom sent off I immediatelyneceseary authorization.But Mr. Gcxirxr and his friendsliEDGSB. Tbe LBDGEB also contains a paper on Lord Macanlay. by the Hon. EDWABD EVERiTT, aboiSd- toc in extracts from the private correapondence of the avaent historian with the of andon the 27Ui of the JanuaryFrancO'Americasne,Tbe French joamais are now detailing before toeiroperations. Voluntary contributions had been com-menced the throughout Republic.Hon. Edwaxd Eviexti read beforeerary Association of South Boston, on toe occasionben-gle reserve. Mr. C. S.Copt. In Morocca.of the Sodns Potot and Sontbem Railroad, and of the BnlTalo and Pittsburgh Railroad, were read a ililrdwards one sees exhitiited ill* same Rome,been handled in a manner before necessarily roughbeing taken to the Asylum. Nothing appeared on the face of the memorial to implicate the employes of theThe Irishleast tometUng refreshtog to these times, wheanothtog seems to be established, and no one issure about to see tills inimitable and t anythtog,tructlble confidence of toe sacerdotal party atMr. the the act to unsafeNew-was to order tbe Society to cease its meet-gasslip, along South-street, BurUng-sllpPearl-street;and a double track Seventy-ntoto-street, from Second-avenue to Fifto-to his visit toordering him forego London, and tostart instantly for Bordeaux '. The Prtoce's astonish-toelaw, and obtato from toe Minister of toe Interior theagainst the unrestrictedUDABB. The LEDGER also contains a paper on Lord .-J"*.'^''*''^ -*T Hawisvilw, Kt.—Bv later Patrols tonight on toe Point next the CasUe as weU Police. In this lies toe whole secret, as we shall see. United States !"Government had caotured Santa Cruz almost with- ont resistance.The CoTutiju/ioiiaZ of the 1st has aby the Hon. EDWABD EV^rT, aboMd- accouBtafrora HawesvlUe, Ky., w, 'learn ttat m7 hagzt.racts frem the ""= """> '^bocomplainThe campaign had however been successful.the repetition of his Wasbtogton Oration, for toerequirements of toestarted a deatai monthly journal in Paris, entitled La Revue;Odontoteckm^ue,long article emigraUon of laborers.rascally Rifle man went In last night* will no doubt24to,)announced that she hadtiaiT to toe ptopoeed Congress, who should haveproprietor of^the store, TMnnot reioieran eril. lamyrmostobeddelightful»30,00o' Infemalmachine,toerefore to prevent tlian(addressed)to Majr Genl WaniRoxfeurypolice, who are'»,r^*»«^^; toe police aUows sooh matterby £>)p-atth*Theefit ofthe Mount Vernon Fund CAHaamox,;alongofthe Constil at Paris, and holds an annual fair at to* Embassy for toe sale of articles in aid of the fund of toe Society. The most elegant and aristocratic ladies of Paris, citizens of various countries, take part in tots charitable work in aid of the British fimd. The German fund Is and receives itsadjoining, and consumtog a constderahl*the cars'bnlldlngsthingadvantage to the highest or lowest of our subjectscompletioDthe mail was he can wito alwaysi*r<aax_ i.ost peeds—an old-tasbionkd portion of that tribe are on the Tipper Amerone, in a the drcomstanees attending the death ef N. Tazbiu. Paris eitoer on Wednesday or Thursday. The Amer- rates in a most offensive manna ,- but it is tons main unchanged. The official journal of Bom*1XoTB BTOBT—Now ready, to the NKW-TORK starving condition, they baing compelled to eat theirwhile an inmate of th* State Lunatic Asylum atican newspaper mail, brought by toe Catiada, tlM dis-shaped and tons executed to order to afford toegoes so far as to laugh at toe so-called—to ite owa— phrase'lit* LK04KB aU* eoatais* a paver en Lord ponies to sustato life. JUnatay. b]l the Hod. KDWARS XS^RBTT, aboond-3JD4UUUtica. His death wastlirough violence, as it appeared that deceased had here to-day, Thursday, to fifteen days from Boston. conciliatory spirit to find fault when one happens to pects toe Pontifical Coort to make. There ii, atfictootneti from the prlyiM correapoodanee of tbe WBMBt M^Vrrfr- with the b-8eei*tary of State, and Ih* aanal entertaining variety of other original matter.St. Louis, Monday, Feb. 13.chargedat Cork onSunday lastonlydistributedEuropeThe Santa F£ correspondent of the Republican says that the Speaker of the House introduced a bill to repeal the law passed at the last session of theUMKB. The LBDOBB alio oontaini ajiaper oa Lord New-Bexico, and on tbe next day a resolution was Asylum.The bill to tocotporate Ftoe Arts Associations was reported favorably.Mr. CoLia gave notice of a bill to repeal toe Mutualsuffer from ite inconveniences.Some time ago toe American Medical Society tosupposedto have OccurredwasThe diffienltr appears to lie entirely in the mail ar-monthly call from toe Cunard steamers, do not ap. pear willing to derange toemselves to accommodateone else. Thisaccommodation going toeat, and we would not, toere-greaterbenefits in toemass,and ills no evidence of a^reforms and coacesaions whichex-tofirstroaUe may be retatoed on board till toe boats arrive togs. Tbe next totog was to call the Commissary of shaU tofiuence us to change. Rome shall be gov-I.U>VX STOBY—Now ready, in the NEW-YOBX An unknown man was instantly lulled by a ing toe entire destmetton of the adjacent mlUs doubt honestly, to erect this toto a case of Catholic found at toe end of four days toat he was again in veryliXDeEB. The LEDGER alao contains a paper on Lord and other valu^le property, and nothing but otoer at toe StatioB-house of some eompaataa of fit* kacanlay, by the Hon. EDWaBD BVXRETT, abound- stock train on the Western Railroad, while walking the untiring exertions *f toe firemen, seconded by persecution. Mr. Gcuir is the pastor of an English Paris, an order came toat he should leave at once National Guard, at toe Convent «f Santa Cnee. Thetog in extracts from the private correspondence ot the on the track near Ktoderhook Station, at about 7 their steam fire-annihilators, prevented such a resultChurch to this city, located to toe Rue du Faubourg toe dangerotu city and go to Cherboarg-^nd there detonation of toe missiles were so load as to be heardeminent historian with the Ex-Secretary of 3Ute,and the nsnal entertaining variety ot other original matter.-^*^I?T„ ^**DS-AN OLD-FASHIONED = —OTURY-Nowready, in the NEW-YORKTheLEDGERalsoconUinsapaperonLord IlaeaBtoy.by the Hon. EDWABD BVBRETT, abound- laaiB extracts Cram the private correspondence of theo'clock this evening.Fire at Brooklyn, C. W. ToBosTO,C.W.,Monday.Feb.13.fire on last Loss SaturdayThe loss of Messrs. Sioat * Co., was trifling, andSt Honors. Worship was opened toers to toe Eng- tbe Prince it to-day. What wUl be toe termtoationnot their power to do damage, was not smalL Th* pMfleof tbe city, suppostog toat toe sounds were tlw tist dis-is covered by insurance. About $2,000 wormoffour or fiveand has on gonemode ofwe cannot tell, but it is to ttethat * all 's well toat ends well."Mr. ItAxzr has given several representations atthroughout toe city, showtog that tketrilxejflumber belonging toS. GAaviHwasahsodestroyed:thefr win-BoLTOithoped that b* will get safely through his purification, andofa nature. Butthemostdreadfulportion trifltogof our narrative was a loss of life resulting to thisThe was tothe Kensington engine proceedingof a /iiaeoon toe arrival of Cavoinble27to Feb We were falsely alarmed a while agoFrom Oar Owa Ooneqeadent.Lonoa, Jan. 37, 186*. Friday,opened on Tuesday last (tooSix,acct. of the Regulars coming over from toe Castle toof this summary manner of indicattog to him his doty to the premises, and to the lengtoy discussion which has token place on this subject, no explanation is made, as I can perceive, of the mode of procedure of theto be the Hlghts'°°^, the l..fi.;* and Gaskiu. * Co.,otoer damage was donelanguageyears ago,stogularschooUngyoung:Bayler But as alate toerarliamcntwasElvoto keep six or eight trusty men by way of Look outs orThey heao the history,•'Official humanitym thetlie Lit- Mattapan odefinitively,— lowed its usual customThe OpeningHorTl»a-The Tolnateer:TRANSATLANTIC CORBESPONDENCE.found that there wasa servtoe go-reclamatioiis to boto toese cities. When toe steam- lows the;the Italians give operatic performances in aidwalls of toe house, andMr. GtmiiXT should KulfiUTheWarAt toe same time ordering particu- About toe time of toe closure of the toe whole church,no Circumsttnces,"dispossesssell, he took ^to t°wo other trials forprecautiouof crimeswithled to theday havfrig beenIdtlB'tbehevetoremedy Gi.one, responstoleUntitled DocumentandXtaisteroftheInterior. Wbes,therefore,tbesew. ToJklJe^ lut even-service,hasand that many arretsiGoaaav'B ch^eipresented to toeirM^sttea. ITAIiT.place b^By Mr. C. KiLsiv, to consolidate the Brooklyn, an orphan, and living with her uncle' and atint was President of the Society was called twice to toe Pre- anotoer weapon left Bulls of excommimlea-B LOTB BTOBY—Now ready, in the NB WTORK Coppic, and denouncing tbe duplicity of Gov. Kias- Central, and Jamaica Railroads. aboucted from her home about a vear ago by a Cuban, fecture, where he was obliged to into endlessmay be obliged to fight for it until we have not exceptBills before the Legislature. m TBK SINATI.the might as well have been omitted. For example, a Apostles have uncompromisingly manifested. Bat Inthisconditionadoctorofmyacquatotancewas domiciliaryvisitwasmadebyasecretagenttoall weshallsoonseeiftbepresentstrugglebetween:toe to vrit One Re-at one time in histoCuba. Theparties havelived forseveralmonths manwassentto attendtoetwofirst meetings,to be Cavockiscalledupontoform. Hisnamehasnot:following deputies,many personsroom,King.presenceat theCapitaland four clerks. There shall lie paidonly woman and her child, but has obtained for her a lodging-place with an American family, until toe funds can be raised totoere is to be any change to his present iii<«»rim« it Is probable toat he is only called in as a Councillor,ofcurred, all termtoated toe French express It, a present crisis. If Cxvon is reestablished at thehead of affairs, wito such a man as Faxibi, who is al- ready named, as an associate. It is reasonable to ex- pect that a much more energetic policy will at cmeeThe here are in ex- peopleservoirsto these officers the following annual salariessions took place.but he expressed himself satisfied all toe samewhetoer the same shall be paid by the county topresumptive proceed-largelyneedy amongbislearned from Paris, by some means or other, that toe young Prince had foimd some agreeable, ifEMAirusi., Gajubait:;then toin erder to escape the vengeance of the brothers of toe girl, at last arrived in Paris, where they now are. The girl has become the mother of a small child, and the Spaniard cannot marry her for the obvious reasonsent for, and he found toe woman and her child with- the membeis—out food and almost in a state of inanition. She President to his capacity of chief conspirator, was toetunate and The number countrymen countrywomen.of these is much larger than is no doubt imagined by most peoBle, for toe reason that there is no general rendexvoas for sa«h individuals, and thus but feware madefering. I recollect a remark made by the late Mr. Masos, a monto after be had assumed the duties of the office of Minister at Paris, bearing upon this sub'Hewasastonished attions made to him during tbe course of a month for relief, and he thought his predecessor (Mr. Sastom),kind heart, to supply so many individuals with money for most of them had already received large sums frem Mr. S. Mr. Masok, at first astonished, I might say alarmed, at this state of things, soon Isecame ha- bituatedtoit,anddurtoghislife,nooneAmericania Paris, although many were better able to do so toana so delicate and so complicated in its struc- systemture, tftat like a wateb, the least jar throws it into a terrible confusion.m Parisof gosdp in toe movemente of the yoong Prince offrom toat the Turin, declaringMiddlejecthe, contributed moreconntrymen and countrywomen. The American Government, toe reader should recollect relieves none of its citizens abroad, other than sailors and ship-charity, as toe private todividual.All toe nations which have a large number of resi-to toeand there being none of this class at Paris, the American Minister and Consul here stand upon exactly the same footing, as regards objects ofoneoftoechiefoftoese. VicxoxSI, Cavocb, and Fasiki are the gifted and large- hearted men who are the centre of many hopes, and;and thus it was arranged that after a shortat Paris, toe young Prtoce was to go to Windsor, to wise but firm counsels, such as his, were of inestima- make himself agreeable to toe Princess Aucc, or in ble value in shaping the destinies of the country.duty, but like a soldierButte or Sentiment atstmetlon•plracle* of the Seaettonistn. Correqwndoice eftke Jfete-Tark Timet.sign and knows to close tlie door and al- nothing else,Flareaee-Tke ITliitt of the SanUnlaa Oahtoet—Oi»-went to directlya normal*aa intimatlans. Ifnot thrMrti) desertion, or coercion, which come from afaaroad, distribution at London took place on Tuesday, and in system is certainly most rigid, aad sometimes ope- the spirit and toe purpose of the Papal anthrarily re-and on toese four occasions tke steamer has arrived at Liverpool nearly a day before the mail, while tbeits ktod, ought to be wilUng to bear patiently tbe few annoyances which may arise from his own neglect or bis own Ignorance ofthe ordojuunces of the law. TheItalian and toe clear power,rangementsLiverpool.Paris changed ite place of meettog, without givingwe only ask that to toe dispatch of the mulstle interest if not todlgent Tbe English Society is under toe control telegraphic despateh fhjm toe Hague peremptorily felttoe fiiateiOoy offiar-havetion of the same money to reclaim penitent and andotherwiselostper6<fns,andtogivetirsadtothe starving ?This subject lead;, lue naturally to speak ofthe latedifficulty of Rev. Mr. GcRKBT with the Paris Police, tence, to get on the way to London. But a mistake The London papers, Mr. Guxvkt himself, and even had been made in not indicating to the Prince how tbe French J»umml de» Dhbatt, have attempted, no long he was to stay at Bordeaux ; and when it wasChristianspassed there,or the wise distribu- bylishuntoterruptedly ever since, till three Sundays ago, when tbe congregation assembling as usual in the momtog, found the chapel closed by order of tli* Police.of tois Prince,to toeand was about fromtumiag & The French Police regulations in regard to— of taming horses atfordows and hanging out flags, Thefr feeUagwas suddenly turned toto Indignation, on leamtogBeach-street toto a passage-way leading to Swat Co.'s mills, when a man who had hold of the rope, became apprehensive that he would be struck by the tongue of the apparatus. He let go his hold of toeof histen, five, and two francs admission. The satisfactionattillsweek,systemtoe chief power.isfromCorktoLiverpool,orelsetoatwhiletheboats quencewastoattoerewasagreatrowatthePre- iioprovements.Wewilltrynoneofyourexjieri-goingit''goodthe Parliamentoftogoto-must be obeyed. The Queennot willing t3 re-ferent parteof toe more with the ob-Now the Queen Is aPiedmont should be calleder. Lombardy Is taktog steps with reference to toeso toat just as his juvenile Highness was ontotunity to make her counsels heard and her '"*»«*«Prtocethe potot of leaving Paris for London he received aeagerness,;at toeir Consulate, witoout aay noise. Th*Americans alone, of all toe nations largely repre-sented at Paris, allow toelr todigent to shift upon toemercies of a public too often tocreduloos as to toeir toe channeL The party had not gone far on the of toe criminal attempt and toe amomit [of daaagomanagedreal wants and one may be allowed to ask In all sto- ;cerity, if it would not be better, mere Christian-like,and more humane, to spend less money to toe main-tenance of churches and more In toe relief of suffer- found te toefr consternation that tore* young ladies, act of retaliation, had not Baron Ricasou iBut now comes the most amustog part of the history, and a part which perhaps has not yet crossedborhood of several toeatres, a great crowda show rather toan ation of a useful system. As a moneyhowever, each representation put several thousand dollars in Mr. Rakii's pocket, while all those who knew beforehand what tolied.Egypt and Syria.A lengtoy review of the monetary system of toe late Mr. Tirrr, of Providence, R. L, has just appeared to one of the French journals devoted to politicalAn enterprising brought E^,onofJ>mBroum;to toeAt toe grand receptionaa* ifV'•' CM«( 'I ->' >''/.fyy U^-manner offrom the nature oftoe organization of the French po-toe Prefect of Police, to the place of toe Commis affiUrs, toe popslatlou are begtoaiag to fe*l mon sary of Police, would never have treated Mr. GuainT hopeful and assured. Europe, also, ii beglnBlng tolice. It Is to this:they would have Informed take courage. Bat aU ia stUl qMcnlatloB,he execntes his duty and al- suffering party to arrange his affair as bestlymtOaO,OiitnayMd-;toatistosay.totheirconcierges. The absolute and istohonored with two visits. Questions were asked as toto see toe man again as long asshe lived. On his part he asked no better, and prom- and came what sort of he whether Florence two back forto, ised that he would leave her, and by the aid of his there were evercompany keptdaysTurto, in obedience to anHisSpanish friends in Paris, would manage to get back &c. When toe Society resumed ite sitttogs, a police- has connection with toe' new Ministry which Coiqitwhenfotmd toe who has since not by doctor,He did not understand English,ciety, to not fulfilling a simple requirement of theand very insignificant, but wliich happens to concernpractice.pectation toat a proclamation will soon be issiksdtare and uncertatoty. There are tliose who<now finds a nice bitOrange.wbo has been in France for a monto past This habitants here are entousiastic for such atenslBallonright,stayofbe to putthat aothlng wlU nowandalways claimed, to hold toe keys of the king-order from toepowerend, and lease Papal system unimpaired.cityevidentlylanguage, and such a posi- grand a»-popular rightofItaly, including the Legations, now fotm, by virtue Of popular election, part and parcel of the ^^ngdiMW ofran to know the predae nature togetoer, eagerable Minister of Ecclesiastical A&lis, sad (haof toeand universality of toe sentiment of friendshipa prooftoe cause of nationality, union and order.matotalaedimpose upon the peopleProvincesshould be OMdtoof Italy any pertkmlarforce•i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 