 Gore Ouaeley and family had 'Ufjrai li (te labor aid efpeafflto* mnit both bo Inciiriwd. NEW YORK HERALD. island on their way to New York. As Public meetings must be called every- • complimentary dinner giv»n to the new where, and addreaead by dear headad, Governor of St Vincents, Gen. Pierce had made an eloquent and competent orators, l b * oratorio*! display which wan much applauded. OB great evils that most bialUbly accrue to eTirymuuusoa and Hickman episode, and the gene- Coal Hole. Nor would the < enormous" •*.* petition, which are daily pouring la i T L , ral behavior of members afcoe the session com- cause a Long Rand Senator to flinoh from ' oftbeOneCent Ferriage bill,^ho,tj * *j a M E S S O O R D O S • • ! " n o o n AXD raomnoB.and they will not scruple to take full advan- of the unbought Senators? And is it going upsoluble ground to apprehend 'that the TM-^ are making atrenuous efforts to intussieeZCommittee on Commerce aad Navigation to m. port favorably to their Interests, bat mat* senoe of such unanimous expressions of p i feeling in support of the bill, they will har*, dare to report adversely to i t Should they be bold enough to do so, however, we believe that there is sufficient self respect left in the Assam. bly to prevent it compromising itself recklessly on this measure. Whew the justice of the cats is ao patent, and where it is enforced by the general opinion of the press and public they will hardly run the risk of incurring the ace*sation of having been bought up the money of the monopolists.Off « " — * " ABB f 0*I*rON STS."nfx fla/ir MmtuiD two TBM WMMKLT MMMAID,- -..,, aril MLJI inniffi9 rarAMILryuuuj>any higher? Because, if so, the business will*^'yOT7CBIaa*» */ saeafnei asrreaioaaaaes.J., yesterday. The funeral service* were performedat the residence of Marcus Spring, Esq. The Rev.Dr. Arms, of Norwich, Conn., sad Messrs. Tflton expenditure are required. Caleb Cushing hasThe dismissal of a weigher in the Custom published the other day In the Oourier and En- House, who is one of the Mozart Hall delegatesADV o lWe repeat that, to do this, much labor and Wo. TS sad Johnson, of this city, delivered short addresses. buckled on bis armor and gallantly volun-and certainly one of the richest pieces to Charleston, has led to quite an uproar of fun that has come from the pen of our mili- among the New York democracy, openingtary and diplomatic cotemporary for many a day. It was altogether too good to be rolled up in a Wall street blanket, and we reprint it as one of the vary best of recent contributions to the current comic literature of the day.The Chevalier Webb should be quite compe capitated. The local organ of Mozart Hall hi northern Pacific Railroad routs along the forty- tent to treat the question which is taken up in savage upon the Collector, and threatens to ninth parallel, the material points of which wsaJfimifKirrs THIS irurma.We have received from one of oar c , pendente on the Pacific coast a copy of a letter from Lieutenant Mullaa, of the army,iriBuys OABDBB,«M or tma OOVBTBT—unaThe letters from our special reporter at Lynn,.-An BLaxow BVa-Oos Mass., give s full account of the grand demonstra- individual exertion alone Is not equal to theBOWTBT THEa At It W i * - A * AAAOABDBB,SaCBmCB.tion of the striken on Friday last It is stated thatSfT-Iaaujra there were at least tea thousand persons present, task, nor can a few persons be expected toand that the strikers mustered Ire thousand strong, bear entirely the labor and the cost of that including some fifteen hundred women. Nothing which equally interests all. This great tactMoney continued in good demand at;: j per cent, or 4 below the Rank minimum.at BftguB 1BGrande, and been tamed ftdrift. The ialand was perfectly healthy.cal abolitionism, should be set forth in prnftt-cal and familiar instances to erery audleioe.should be at once taken into consideration by W AJXACTS THXA ras, Broadway.-Boiujrci or A roes misunderstanding among the military as to pre- the merchants, the bankers and the shipownersthis article, from a broad, philanthropic stand expose a certain contract by which be is boundpoint. For thirty years and more he has been to act otherwise. The cause of the removal is •'in the business," in one way and another, and traced directly to the influence of the poli-have published elsewhere. The explorations of Lieutenant MuUan will be found interesting. Pursuant to instructions from the War De- partment, the expedition left the Sua** in April last reached Oregon in May,or-gaaized a competent corps of operatives. 4c., and repaired to Fort Walla-Walla. Wsahmgtea Territory, where, a more therongh firrmattoa of the party being made, and the military escort joining the expedition, they left for the Rocky Mountains,and have now been absentBias months, most of the time being taken up ia bridging streams, constructing boats, grading, felling timber, excavatiag mountain slopes, Ac. The general direction after leaving Walls- Walla was in a line northward across the onLABBA EBBKB-B THEATBE, SM Broadway.-VAXITT Paaavr.BOWBBV TBXA TBl, Btfwery—LOTB'i Vsjroa- t—nil TTismrt or rma Qiam.occurred to disturb the demonstration except acedence. AH efforts at compromise have so far of New York, who are so immediately and toproved unavailing, the employers and employedboth remainingfirm,and the trouble remains as far ticut election. If Connecticut shows, in herfrom a settlement now aa at the beginning. April election, a majority for the conservativeA sermon was delivered st the Academy of Music interests of the country, and for the preserva- yesterday afternoon by the Bev. Henry Grattan tion of its harmony and Union, the backboneGuinness, a gentleman whose preaching has here-tofore created some excitement among the reli- of the political abolition party will have been BBTAJrTS'MIKBTftBLS,necheaJoa'Hall.ITSBroadway- gious public of New York. The bunding was broken,eveninNewEngland—itscradleauditsBBOADWAT BOCDOIB, * «Tear room Yosae haa- It TABSS TWOTOQataaaL.or ABAJUrOYa AMSBIOAB BUSSTJM, Broadway.-After • ~BBur Bcsaas.crisis as that which at present impends over its lier does give us some valuable information* destinies. The democracy of New York haven e a u s a v s s , Boaos, DAXCU, AC.—CHAW BOAIC B u r .BIBLO* SALOOH, Broad way. - O to. CsnSTT'S Mm- •taau a Soaos, Dascst,to.—TaaToooua.crowded to excess to hear him, and many hundreds hotbed. The recent contest in New Hampshire were unable to obtain admission. A report of the cannot be looked upon as any indication of the sermon, with a description of the reverend gentle" probable coming result in New England. ThatHissubjectis thebig Gridiron brought into longbeenthereproach of the partyfortheir the Senate by George Law. Of course he is faction fights, and there seems to be noXATIOBAX. OOBGBKT 8ALOOS, Nattoaal Theatre.— man, his manner, style, Ac, is given in our edition State has too little connection with the com-prospect of a termination to these miserable dissensions. We had hoped, from the returns ofOKDEKDOBKThurlow Weed is watching one of these little fellows, and will turn it over for the Chevalier Webb?tion next fall, and thus perhaps be instrumen- tal in averting the danger which threatens theI, Ao.HALL, 406 Grand s t r e e t . - I U r t i Mix Oawosm, BvauaavBS, Aa—Dixus'n LAND.of to-day.An account of a grand social party among theMormons, furnished by oar correspondent at Salt Lake City, is given elsewhere in our paper this morning. It shows that our Mormon friends aremerce and manufactures of the country to feel the dangers now looming in the future; and, moreover, the party leaders on the democratic side there very unwisely preferred what theyAssembly for somebody. Is it possible that might carry this State in the Presidential elec-TRIPLE SHEET. not thoroughly monopolized by their devotional called "a silent cor.test." We must not have a exercises, but are fully awake to the refined enjoy. silent contest in Connecticut. The peopleSth*««•* *• '*>"P ' rim tothe"Cceur d'Aline Mission," reaching the latter people who object to i t They call his distinc- dissipated. The spirit of faction could not point in the month of August This misaios b«•w York, Monday, Mare* 19, I860.HOTICE TO THE P P L I C .picion of being a government defaulter. Soon afterWill the numerous adTertJserg in the metropolis his arrest a despatch was received from Washing- fought, and a few thousand dollars raised aaddo as the favor to tend in their basinets notices ton stating that there were no charges against expended now may save the day in Connecti- before nine o'clock in the evening ? The pressure him, and he was promptly discharged from custody.tions absurd and his argument all nonsense, and say that he injured rather than helped his case ; but we believe, with Sir Lucius OTrig- ger, that when affection guides the pen he'd be a brute that would quarrel with the style. We admire Webb's style. We always did. It is mi generis. He is like some clowns, who,keep quiet for one month, and there is every at the entrance of one of the Rocky Mountainprobability of the quarrel being continued till passes, and stands as a St. Bernard to the Alps, the meeting of the Charleston Convention, and where the patient and toiling Jesuit has raisedthen to be transferred to that large theatre, as a the standard of Christianity among the Indians, source of division and distraction for the rep- and where, amid snow and colds, and dreary, resentatives of the whole democracy. But we frowning mountains, the "children of theminutes are of more vales after nine o'clock ia the official conductlost; they must act now—to-day; and we call upon every one of them to do his duty.mor, make the audience laugh at them by their utter and irrepressible stupidity.evening than hoars are before that time. Adver-New arrangements have nearly been completedThe J e w Torai Herald—addition for • a r e n a .The Cuaard mall steamship America, Capt. Miliar, will lean BeatononWednesdayforLiverpool.The European mails will close in this city tomorrow af- ternoon, at hall past one o'clock, to go by railroad, ami atfour o'clock, to go by •teamboat.Tie BnaoraAM tDrrros or THB HBBILD will be publishedat eleven o'clock la the morning Single copies, la wrap- pers, stz eents.Subecrtptions and advertisements for any edition of the Nww Toaa EtauLD will be received at the following places la Europe —~ Low, Son * Co., 47 Lodfats Hill. _4,Starr A Co., T« Kmg William street.many people in all quarters, and to obtain And further, the comical Chevalierproceeds toof iron; and what makes the matter so remark- able is that in the sections of the State which are blessed with the presence and influ- ence of these sage rulers, the democracy is.LaasJag, Bald win A Co., 3 place de la Bourse. Lanimf, Starr *Oo.,No. 9Chapel street.B. Stuart, 10ffTfaaagwstreet, BastLaaaing, Baldwin A Co., 11 m e Cornell!*.bales, closing heavy and dulltorthe lower grades, whileprices; we quote middling uplands at lie.,and Mobile and amount of discomfort which they are unwillingSAVBB Ruouaa...DeCnapeaaroage A Co.New Orleans at lltfc. a llj»'c. Floor was dull and thecommon andmedium grades of State and Western brandswere6c.to10cperbbl.lower, Southernflourwaslessactive and the low grades were heavy and rather cheap- ference to these facts, which ought to add the incorruptible Solons on the democratic traces, they doom him to the slaughter-house.The contents of the Ecaorata EDITHS or t KI HKXAIB win ooaahtas the aews rsoaved by mail and telegraph at tae office during the previous week and up to the hour of pablicaiioa.•1ILS FOE ! • • P1CIFU.Hew York Herald—Callforaia Killttun. The mall steamship North Star, Captain Jones, willleave Una port ti morrow, at noon, for Aspinwall.The Basils tor California and other parts of the Pacificwifl close at half past tea o'clock to morrow morning.The Nxw T oax WXEKXY HOULD—California edition— containing the latest intelligence from all parts of the world, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneous matter, will be published at half past nine o'clock in themorning.Single copies, In wrappers, ready for mailing, six tents.Agents will please send in their orders at early as pat alkie.The Vtwi.By the steamship Teutonia, arrived at this portto bear.Wepublishto-day somestatementswithre-be proud of the virtuous fraction of his or break him. If they cannot subdue him to party, a greater fraction than that of their yoke, and make him go quietly in theNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1860.-TR1PLE SHEET.the morning of the 10th an abandoned brigantmewas brought into Nasaan, and her appearance and Northern Interest, through the destruction offitting op indicated that she waa Americaa. Itwni the brotherly sentiment between the various •uppoeed that taw had landed a cargo of alavea sections of the Union, by the triumph of politi-tage of i t It may be pleasant for members ofCongress to read these comments upon their become a monopoly, and aa such it must bemisconduct; but we can assure them that it is put down. We go for free trade in Senators, not particularly agreeable to such of their con- Aldermen, Counoilmen, Congressmen, Assem- stituents as may be travelling abroad. It blymen, as well as in boots, hats, bonnets, would be hard, indeed, for the most enthusias- coats and breeches. Give everybody a fair tic American to carry along such fellows as chance, and let us see if the increase of the Forney and Pryor, or even to give any reason- price of niggers can't be kept up to the mark able apology for their occupancy of the places of the average rise ia the rates at which publicThe latest advicea from Venemela, received by The Inviolability of the right of eelf-gOTetn-way of Havana, state that the rebellion ia that ment in the South should be exemplified by thecountry was oa the eve of dying oat. Falcon's exposition of its practical relations at home;troops had been totally defeated in a aaaguinary the guarantees of the constitution should becombat We elsewhere publish the official account called to mind; and in every voter there should<m w+mtm,at ftmr **» per of the combat be planted the knowledge that, in defendingthey disgrace.The Market Bates of Public Vlrtae atAlbany and ElsewhWe print elsewhere a very comical article,officers are bought and sold.The daarrels of the Wow cracy—Their Hereditary Canse."VoZarfZ*r cviuinsPoirvurcA i iii i« fay"** The last of the Harper's Ferry conspirators, the rights of the South, he is defending the Im- 57iftr »•<<* *r- SBHJoa Fouioa Oounrorotim i nISSnSZxWsao»ti»toaw au. Umuupfia- StevensandHaxlett,wereburiedatEaglewood,N* mutableprinciplesthatsecurehisown.A full account of the proceedings, from our own reporter, will be found in another column.teered for the work, and Mayor Wood has con- sented to leave his other duties and interests for a time, to do his share in it; but private andKipleraUe»i u Croat Korthem PaelSte r the LmBMsev Wasramerits of social life. must be awakened to their true interests, and H. S. Boynton, late despatch clerk in the House the dangers that menace them. Let the mer- of Representatives, was arrested on Friday on sus- chants of New York raise at once a fund to doMr. B. says the charges against him are false and cut, and give a new aspect to the struggle•f all scots is now so great upon oar columns that malicious, and invites the closest scrutiny into his throughout the Union. There is no time to be without the smallest perception of wit or hu-forest" are taught the praises of a great aad every man of them, will be sent away with a good Creator. The expedition, taking up theirrebuke that will serve them till after the Presi- march from this place, worked through dease dential election. forests and over rivers for sixty miles, bridgingIt seems impossible that the democracy of streams, and making roads. This work of toil this State can ever agree. There are many was continued till December last, when the causes for this, but the principal one is snow and cold necessitated Lieutenant Mullaa that a clique at Albany inherit an opin- to suspend operations on the route; and, haltingThe Chevalier Webb goes to work mathema- Cape Race, and before the 1st of April the plan The Democratic Convention—New Y ork tically to prove himself a donkey. He pro- the most benefit, for in the early delivery of the will be in full operation. It ia expected that the t h e P r o p e r P l a c e t o H o l d I t I n . ceeds to tell us that Senatorial votes were paper in the morning are their interests best sub- steamship Vanderbilt, Captain Lefevre, will be The proposition which we made recently, to bought fofSthe Gridiron bill at from twenty-tisers, in complying with this request, will derive for obtaining news from the steamships passingserved.the first vessel to avail herself of these arrange- change the place of meeting for the Democra- five to seventy-five thousand dollars each; that ion, from the time of the Van Buren in a mountain gorge, he set his men at workMAILS FOB EUROPE.ments. She will sail from this port next Saturday tic Convention from Charleston to some larger at four o'clock P. M. for Havre, via Southampton, city, seems to have taken hold of the minds efupon a test vote nine republicans and seven erecting log cabins, in which they are now pass dynasty, that they possess the entire wisdom ofdemocrats voted for the iniquitous measure. the party, and have a right to rule it with a rod iag the inclement season and awaiting theopening of genial spring, when their intention is to move eastward towards the Missouri river. It is stated that there is now only a link of six hundred miles of land travel from the head of navigation on the Missouri to the Columbia by this route, and over this section a practicable military and emigrant road is now being con- structed.We make particular note of Lieutenant Mul- len's expedition, however, merely on account of the geographical and topographical infor- mation it contains. There have been many expeditions over the vast plains and grandmountain passes of the West, but we are prac- tically no nearer to a Pacific railway than we were when old Bullion began to agitate thequestion in the Senate. The expeditions, from« the time of the gallant and intrepid Lewis and Clarke down to the present time, have been, nevertheless, of immense service to the countryin opening up the great region west of the Mis- sissippi.Thecountryhasdonethepreliminary work carefully, and paid for it liberally. The re- sults of the labors of Fremont, Carson. Beall, nneville, Cooke and others have enlightened us materially, and all the officers engaged ia them deserve well of their countrymen. Dis- tinct from this view is another, with which, of course, the army has nothing to do. It is, however, important. It is the financial aspect of the matter. We hear of hundreds of millions of dollars spoken of as lightly as people gene- rally reckon sixpences or shillings. Where this money ie to come from might be a serious question were it not for the prospect that the road, if it is built, will be constructed, like all grea^rorks of the kind, by private en- terprise, before government gets ready to act Meanwhile, the cost of the official expeditionsand returning, will leave the latter port April 18,bringing the result of the fight between Heenanand Bayers, and delivering it to the newsboat of tend to be present at the Convention. The the association oflT Cape Race, from which point itwill be immediately telegraphed throughout thecountry.Edward Rellam, a street preacher, was arrested for holding forth in the Park yesterday, without a license. Justice Connolly fined the prisoner $5, and in default of payment, Kellam waa committed to the Tombs.Thefirstshad of the present season in our waters was caught last evening at Bobbin's Reef.reached in anticipation of the temporary in-crease to its population of somefiftythousandpeople, have, convinced all those who intend chaps they must be. Astonishing fellows,who could resist such a temptation to commitState prison." Well may the Chevalierto visit that city during the Convention that The safes of cotton oa Saturday embraoed about 1,000 they must be subjected to an expense farand the general management of the democratic affaire of the State, they invariably go to work to break these men down; and the moment one of them shows any ambition, or attains to popu- larity, they go instantly to work, either to benddeeply interested in the result of the Connec-should be capable of telling us exactly the ticians of Western New York, who belong to market price of the goods, of all kinds, from a the other democratic organization.fifty-two thousand dollar douceur to a news- This is a very pretty quarrel as it stands, paper editor, down to a ten dollar bribe for a and most edifying to the country, at such a school officer. We cannot deny that the Cheva-this work. It is their fight that is beinggeneral favor, especially among those who in-with sales at from 74c. a 79c. for soft white and sound than ten dollars a day while the Convention good as a play.more effectually to accomplish their object, they have put him on their own ticket, soJersey yellow; Southern white sold at 78c. a 80j,c. is sitting, and that the prices of provisionsand.choice do. at 81s. a 82c., and|Weetern mixed, at depot,for 7Cc. a 79>2c. Pork was dull, with gale* of mesa at have already advanced almost to a famine$18, old prime at S12 60, and nelTflo. at $14 53 a $14 67;•(. standard. Why the original intention of any legislator who can be induced to sell his which might prove too strong for them. They Sugars were steady, with sales of 700 a 800 uhde., ami meeting at Charleston should be adhered to, vote."' That's true ; that's a wonderful dis- are now playing the same confidence game 1*8 boxes, and 150 hhda. melado at rates gWen in anof the Union hince 1824, and in that time Newthe details ofnews from Europe to the 5thinst The ?,c. per lb. Freights were Steady, with a fat' amount ol York, the great commercial metropolis of the stating that a considerable number of the Sena-yesterday from Hamburg and Southampton,we havedespau hea of M. Thouvenel to the French amlaveagagenaaate at unchanged ratas.country, has never once been selected as a tors on that side sold themselves out and out assassination is part of their religion. With****"*sry and mechanics" members fearing to take a really practical before the wonderful facilities for travel es-with everything else. But the politicians beat single hair the fate of the whole democracy, all. According to the best data, there was a and of the Union itself, is to put down these in-a good affect machinea of Americanwan springing up f« hand, horse' andslsaft's **** corrtapoQ wPSBs ^ ^ 'Bas'SftrBPtasy smsaBBaBBa^st^tBr t^rwBtBjBB» V w V f tposition. tablished all over the bind. There is no large city in the Union which can now be reached Subsequent events, however, have shown with more expedition and comfort from alltime when an Alderman could be had for fifty dollars; now, according to Brady, the price is two thousand, and they are not easy to be hadsolent dictators, and quell the spirit of faction by sternly refusing to admit a single man of the delegates from the State of New York till•ateh 1The heaith of the town and island was good. i eon*tqneBce of the large luppry of 'provisiona there hod boon ft alight***•» Md through these to their agricultural ^ t o n e s O c interests, evoked by the hostilityholding the Convention from Charleston to this grand metropolis. Few, we think, will bo found to object to that course, while thousands will hail it with entire satisfaction.lieve Seward's friend Matteson. Legis- latures were, fortunately, quite low. The La Crosse and Milwaukee Railroad Companyand come for admission in one harmonious band, ready to take counsel together as friends, and to present a united, unbroken front to thecommon enemy.*^* — *aaas''^B^active.the prices of proviaJona, 4 c , wiD be found la thelatter of om coTTsapoodent^a*# v^^#el^sssss ar a ^Fe^TM^aa^aw s*^^s* ^^•••^^•i**^^^^9w&ve Baft TaA fufl report of the state of the markets,*T* T a m t X a T - l a - L b l « k wpublican par- ti* struggle that isthat the people of Connecticut have really be- come awakened to the great dangers to theirquarters than New York.By all means, then, let the Executive Com- •si " ; a manufacturing industry, their commercial rela- mittee resolve at once to change the place forat that. Congressmen are high, if we may be- they settle their quarrels among themselves,aJ J TM » U * S o t t t * i i i dthe North, which mustboughtfor a song, and the business generally was looking well, when in comes George Law andin view of these facts, we cannot conceive. covery. Further, every debauched public ser-aadorain London and Turin exclusively, developing I m p o r t a n c e o f t h e C o n n e c t i c u t E l e c t i o n place ef meeting: yet it is evidently the most If that does not reach the climax of absurdity, the Albany Regency, to despatch a New Yorkthe proposition of the Emperor Napoleon in regard t o t h e N e w Y o r k M e r e h s n t i - W h s t fitting and convenient place for such purpose. then we Lave no idea of what the article is. rival is a fixed principle of greater obligationto the settlement of the Italian question, are given S h o u l d b e D o n e t o S a v e I t . Charleston is at best an out of-the-way place— Come now to the grand heroic and magnani- than any of the ten commandments, and they have would make a pretty figure in the expense ofamong our extracts this morning. Sardiniahas accepted the proposition so far as it la advantageous to her. Austria has de- clared that the sovereignty of Savoy and Nice was not of sufficient interest to induce her to move in the matter. The clergy of Cham- bray, in Savoy,have protested against the project of annexation to Switzerland. The Papal govern- mentbaaprohibited commerce between Aneona and Romagna. A denial ia given to the reported alliance between Austria and Russia. The Queen of England nan extended the title of Lord Brougham to his brother William and his male heirs. Consols in London on March 3 closed at 941, and rentes on the Paris Bourse were feeble.The motto of the Albany Regency is 'rule or ruin."' Like the Boston rotf clique, who The steamship De Soto, from Havana March 14, in the demand of the South for Connecticut the Opera, the theatres, the picture galleries, the And now, having finished with the Chevalier sway the New England States, in which they amired Bt thia port last evening. The news is made goods led to the conviction that if the sensation preachers, and all those things which Webb's argument that the republican party is have no majorities, they do their utmost to de-We have received a number of curious, inte- difficult to reach from distant points, and wholly mous peroration. The Chevalier will giveresting and important communications from inadequate in size to accommodate a large most religiously and scrupulously observed it " one word of justice" to the two democratic upon all occasions. In recent" years no man the State of Connecticut, showing the different number of strangers. Either Baltimore or Senators who voted against the bill. Irish vir- has become so obnoxious to them as Mayorphases of the moral and political revolution Philadelphia would be better: but New York .tue, in the person of Mr. Connolly, proved too Wood. It was by their influence he was de- now going on there, and springing from the is pre-eminently the proper place for the Con- much for the wiles of the seducer, though he feated in 1W7. They tried to overthrow material injury to the interests of the indus- vention. The influx of fifty or even a hundred offered seventy-five thousand dollars " guaran- him again last December, but he beat trial classes, produced by the political agita- thousand strangers would not make a particle teed" (Webb emphasises that); and the repu- them so badly that it is doubtful if tion oi the abolition theories, and their adop- of difference in the price of provisions tation of Long Island was safe in the hands of they will ever recover from the effects of tion as a platform by the black republican here, or the rates of beard at our hotels; for Mr. Gardiner. Thus the Metropolitan Police their defeat. Their prestige was overthrown, party. the resources of supply around us are unlimited. District has two just men (at least two whosethe road. There is a little item of nine hun- dred thousand dollars for the publication of eleven volumes oT reports on this subject, which may be taken as a specimen brick of the whole edifice. At this rate the road would swallow up the income of the *nation before its preliminary surveys have been completed.We have also received from Washington an abstract of the report made to the Interior De- partment by Mr. F. W. Lander, relative to the wagon road for Californian emigrant*.The instructions from the interior Depart- partment, of March 25, 1859, directed Mr. Lan- der to proceed to the frontier, thence to the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, to go over the road opened last year, make such improve- ment upon it as might be necessary; thereafter to proceed to Honey Lake Valley by the Ham- boldt river route, for the purpose of obtaining a continuous survey^ over tbe whole road and farther information of a route said to exist north a that river.The disbursement of the sum of five thou- sand dollars was placed under his direction for the purpose of making peaceful arrange- ments with the Indian tribes, and to report to the Indian Commissioner, an abstract of whichThefirstpublic movement was the conven- Just at this season crowds of persons from all price has not been ascertained), who keep theand they are now making the desperate con- vulsive efforts of cripples to retrieve their lost ground.tion of manufacturers called at Meriden; and parts of the country will visit New York—thosewhen they came together two enduring and who are about to start for the watering places, it from the fate of Sodom and Gomorrah, to opposing forces were found to be operating in and those who come here to purchase goods. which localities we are affectionately compared the bosom of every man. A great falling off Here, too, is the great centre of amusements— by the rural editors.not important. The rejoicings on account of Span- black republican party should triumph, the re- every one wants to see and hear. The Centralmoralize and break down the democratic party in New York city, in order that it may be re- duced to the same level as their own antUlaCrux, and report said for the purpose of giving to truly before the people. Then came up enlarge their intellects by the contemplation of perty during the past few years. It is greater minorities, that thus no leading democrat of Miramou assistance in his attack on Vera Cruz. in each mind the fear that if the fall- one of the most magnificent public works in than the increase in the price of niggers, real the Empire City may have a chance of gainingish victories in Morocco were still continued in Ha- sult would be an inevitable and total loss ofvana and Puerto Rico. The Spanish steam frigates Bueoguela and Francisco de Asia had left for VeraPark will just be opening its summer beautiesvirtuous because the democrats are corrupt, let us look for a moment at the wonderful risethe Southern markets, and thefirstimpulse wasto the eye. where the wearied politicians canthat the convention should set the facts air themselves after the labors of the day, and which has taken place in fancy political pro- very districts, and its majorities turned intoBasinets ia sugars wan languid.Our correspondents writing from San Domingo operate individually to the injury of the com- York, but nobody wants to go to Charleston, real or personal property. Since the discovery tality they use is division. Their maxim is,ing off in trade was acknowledged, it would the world. Every one wants to come to New estate, provisions, horses, dogs, or any other an ascendency in the State. The instrumen-<JHy on February 22d and 2Mh, furnish some into- mercial standing and credit, at the banks and particularly at this time of the year. : ••htemehta in relation to the condition ofAgain, whatever reasons might previouslyof the California mines, good, stout farm nig- "Divide and rule." Next, therefore, to nomi-Washington's birthday had in the community, of every manufacturer who -• thefirsttime in San Domingo, acknowledged a decline in his business. Be-gers have gone up from six or seven hundreddollars tofifteenhundred; fancy house servants,mechanics,Ac,goforabovetwothousand, tioncanrenderthedemocracyofthisim reporthasbeenpublishedintheHESALD. Itflags,grfarnm>?*dmd**ybythedisplayoftweenthesetwoconflictingemotionsthecon- haveexistedforselectingsomecentralpointfor*kOfta»lBBjoB of duties on vention of manufacturers came to naught, the holding the Convention, they have vanished which is nearly double the former price. So portant State, on which may bang as by astems, from the report, that three expeditions were in the field all the summer, under Mr. Landers charge; that one oi these, under the direction cj C. C. Wrenshall, a distiiigujahed member of the expedition, was composed of Mormons and raised in Salt Lake City; that tire other expedition, distinct from his own, under the direction of W. H. Wagoner, an engi- neer , was an important advance engi- neering party, which explored the *»©lo unknown country north of Humboldt rtrer. The main expedition, under Mr. Undera immediate charge, reached the South Pa" on the 24th of Jane, 1859. During » passage to that point large numbers of the re-turning and destitute emigrants to Plke'f * > «menced, our foreign critics find ample oppor- his duty. If, as Sir Robert Walpole said,tunity for the exercise of their critical powers, "every man has his price," what is the figure Wywfli refuse to passu. T aeUiuoaCemZivery angry about the extensive utensil. Hedoes not, however, say a word about the five orsix nice little steaks which are broiling in the the last elections, that by cordial union theyAs regards the Chevalier's style, there are of the republican party. But these hopes areargue that the republican party is a very vir-tuous and pure organization, because a greaterproportion of democrats than republicans werestrangers ia Charleston, the exorbitant bought up by the Law clique. Grand is the always left in a minority. Knowing that they charges demanded for board and lodging at Chevalier when he says that "a majority of the cannot carry majorities in their own counties, hotels and private boarding-houses, and the republicans proved themselves incorruptible, and fearing that the prominent men of the famine prices which provisions have already honest and honorable men, when the enormous party in New York city, which does give ma-want of accommodation for a large influx ofofficial perjury, and " become amenable to the the higher qualities were without change of moment in greater than they can afford, as well as to an penalty of ten years Incarceration in theer. Wheat was heavy, with the turn of prlMs in favor of force to our previous suggestion that some side of the chamber. The way in which ourpurchasers, especially for common qualities; prime milling other city should be selected for the Conven- contemporary ignores the fact that the repub- lota worefirm,Milwaukee club sold at SI 26, white South-They acted this part in the case of Dudley Selden, Gulian C. Verplanck and Ogden Hoff- man. They have also marked out for politicalern of prime quality at SI 00, and a small handsome lot tion besides Charleston. It appears that ac-lican Senators outnumbered the democrats in orwhiteKentuckyatSI70.Cornwasinfairdemand,commodationscannotbehadtheretorless theproportionofnearlyfourtooneisas destructionJohnCochrane;and,inorderthesum of seventy-five thousand dollars, well se-cured, was offered for a vote." Wonderful proper share in the control of the federal officesThen look at his virtuous indignation:— '•' No honest man will offer excuse or apology forto prevent his alliance with Wood, a teamwith him that they played with Governor Wise, It is manifest that the large concourse of vant should "be made to serve ten years in the of Virginia, and, with the dexterity of trea-other column. The stock comprised 13,100 hhds. of aikinls, 5,210 c!o. melado, 16,100 boses and 42,000 bagsCoffee was quiet, and no sales of moment were reported. people who will flock there cannot be accom- State prison, no matter to what party he may cherous Thugs, these political assassins will There was a speculative movement in r: : \ oaiag to tele,^. modated unless tbey provision steamers for belong." Good! But let us have enlargedgraphic despatches from the South advising an advance their own use, and occupy them as hotels prison accommodations, or a Governor like despatch him on thefirstopportunity. He will In that direction; parlies entered the market and pur-chased all to be had. The sales embraced about 5,500casks, here and to arrive, within the range of 3fcc a 4 \ a ,chiefly at 4c. a 4J£c , establishing an advant* of .'{c. towhile they remain.Conventions have been held in different citiesClark, or King, or Seward. The facts in the case are all in favor of the integrity of the repub- lican party, says the Chevalier, directly afternever know anjibing about it till the noose is fast around his neck : and his only chance of escape, therefore, is to be always on his guard, and to keep them at arm's length, till he can get out of their reach. With the Indian ThugsSenatorial toga clean, and who may yet savethe assembledwisdomof WisconsinTHE BROOKLYN FBBBT LEASES.—We see that Ont DIBTT LIXBK ABBOAD.—As we predicted bulls the market in a terrible way. Senators the Supreme Court has postponed to the 22d of*w*****»7 to themeat, combination and c * * ^ ^ *****+ refreshing point of view offered by the squab- purchased. However, that 1B not enough to Brooklyn ferry leases. In the meanwhile thesome weeks ago, the British press has taken up go up to seventy-five thousand dollars a piece, May next its judgment on the appeal fromelections a Am** S^L10. Persona sosrinif a aaoro SBSBBSI eMsBBti atfll brought oat aad a**!. , £ * '"ruiret to be the discussion of American politics from the or one million and a-half for the lot which was Judge Hogeboom's decision in the case of theWehavoiBton frosn SIBBBM. BakftPsft, to Marchtel. aad thewas very gay. Sir W81iam,!u the disgraceful attack made upon the Presl- Tammany, and carried to Albany the pure andmTne»fhrea»•to enable the »i»aerveAlve\i!n»^ i f 0 r d e r the elections triumphantly. F o r t S , * C M T 7bles in the House previous to the organization. tempt an immaculate Celt who graduated atinjunction is to be continued, which leaves the Legislature time to anticipate Use principal aAint tea nnsatr n•ssaai a?sansaa +V*« nitmrtnr AiThomas M. Tryniski309 SoFulton New York 13069dent by the Clerk of the House, the Prvor. EdUntitled Documentuth 4www.fultonhistory.comUDriirhtorinrinlaaimHihoJIfW,«. »k.,r.t *V.th Streetafresh the old sores and exasperating recentenmities. This employe, it appears, bad hischoice either of dismissal or to abandon hisintention of going to Charleston; but he wouldnot forego the Utter, and be was, therefore, de- in charge the explorations for the?*» existenceofL republicfromtheascendency ^•£*•* * " " * ^f * • ? " • * * * • **sincerely hope that the New York delegates,jorities, would naturally assert a right to anating the right man for the Presidency, the most essential Servian the Charleston Conven-gold mines were mntandrelieTOd.expeditions were concentratod at OaUrornia.lfr. Lander claimsCasthasWMSSiroadlsthebeat for emigrants tbst has been diKOTOred, xa«  