 «UK1 1M«*H$ &' In'OpiceinVe'' followine, InsV-eep and BradfoidVbiok* eellert,publisbed '•JDtiedrichKnickeibocker'sBBawry of "New-York." ^- .• -':• :\-, \0""••.^^sHV^^:^*'-"*""******Jm^wijfc•«*i* ' "" • - - --••^. VlrrfWll^mifaiQMj^iifl.• '/• •ide*mevents reverently, ae one might have recordad tW» j»"TM±£ .most bnlliant period of its oxistence, had been before —tbe more eas ly, doubtless, on account of the partial Snowy Ridge. In 1827, he again visited the South of It happened, however, that the publisher objected to before the art of rhetoric was invented, with n««**&!£ frSt/t- .5*!"S r i U w a T i J X s • rambles that nis strong lovs of value in tbe part he. bote in this work, yet I doubt might be returned. It was sent back with a note H. Everett, at the BUggeetion of MT. Rich, the Ameri- readily engaged to do, though wholly una«quainted' foundeBt veneration of his eubjeot. sxiilfSESEYANT'SDISCOURSEthenac'usterofButeb torms, wboso in broad; low-bouses,^ with stoops inT ia1Bimilar length, I find that, unlike moet of them, it car- moot amiable of satirists, amiable beyond florace; and ries forward the reader to the conclusion without wea- in his irony, for there is avein of ployfal irony running riness or satie'y, so unBought, spontaneouB, self-sag- through many of hie works, there is no tinge of bitter- gcBted are the wit and tbe humor. The author makes ness. ,us l80gh, because he can no more help it than we canhelp laughing. Scott, in one of his letters, compared ;tVeiumcr-of th's work to that of Swift. The ricu vein of Irvmg's mirth .is of a quality quite distinct from tae dry drollery of SwiJt; but thej nave this in common, that they charm by the utter absence of effort, and this waB probably the ground of Scott's remark. A Critic in the*London Quarterly, some years after its appearance, Bpoke of it as a " tantalizing book," on account of his inability to understand what he called " the point of many ot the alluaiona in this political satire.' I fear that he must have been one of those respectable persons who find it difficult to underst And a joke unless it be accompanied with a commentary opening and explaining it to the humblest capacity. Scott found no such difficulty. " Our sides," he says, in. a letter to Mr. Brevoort, a friend of Irviog, written Fulton Btroct, tben called Partition street, kept by just after he had read the'book, "are absolutely soreIn tbie I have no doubt that Irving was quito right, Hudson, in which they were mostly wriftcn." They and that it would have been better if he bad never werej perhaps, read with more interest in jhe volam•bright leader, must soon be earned by it below the earth. .£tin.of the Scottish Highlands. His memoir of Campbell fully weaned from the notion that Irving's writings earth which he refined and wrought into symmetry was speaking of the magnitude of the task and the dif- also that about ien years before, tnere were families in finest of declaimers, was performing to crowded bouses. procured him the acquaintance and friendship of that lacked the quality which he called " scope," for he and splendor. Irving reduced to a regular narrative ficulty of satisfying the public. We cannot wonderrt*,*/. ....t. .K• 4 vf i imind by tbo earne3t and conscientious relation w*****••aday." InthesameyearthathevisitedAbbotsfordhisbim by the almost numberless documents and papMj recentlybroughttolightrelatingtotheeventsinwhfch.':•' .-*S^Itsdefect in the Life of Columbus is this elaborate uni- formity of Btyle—a certain prismatis coloring in pastest. He oid, atleafct, wbat all American Ministersatth< European Courts are doing, and I suppose my hearer?'•+*m : j&m ithey in his labors and his fame, was, like them, fore ipcbt in the peculiar path to which his genius attracted kim- Cole was taken from us in the zenitn of his man- bood: Cooper when the sun of life had stooped from its meridian. . In both instances the day was darkened by the cloud of d«ath before the natural hour of its dose; but Irving was permitted to heboid its lighttic, which he detested. At the age of thirteen, he tried bi* hand at composing a play, which wa3 per- formed by children at-a friend's house, and of which he afterward forgot.every poit, even the title.Romaine gave up teaching in-1797, and in that year Irving entered a. Bchool kept in Beekman street by Jonathan Irish, probably the moet accomplished of his,up, and destined to belittle read. A work like the.just in the dawn ol that sabbath of peace whi3h broughtreet to-the land after a weary seven yeara' war—juat -ward greatly regretted.•areputation byhisotherwritings,can'hardlybesaid to have written anything better than the best of those which are ascribed to his.pen.Just before " Salmagundi" appeared, several of the authors who gave the literature of England its present character had begun, to write. For five years the quarterly issues ot the Edinburgh Review, tben in theadmired the shore, ofthe Hud «>n above Goal street the public. Jtlazlitt had taken his place among the succeae of the first volume—that the work had more Spain, gathering materinlsfor his " Life of ColumbuB," two lines in a poem called the "Song of Marion's geration, with no parade of reflection; tbelewoMjM.-i•jG&:3toim'*one novelist before the era of tne " Sketch Book;" their number is now beyond enumeration by any but a profested catalogue-maker, and many ot them areafter an absence of seventeen years to find his nativecity doubled in population; its once quiet waters alivewith sails and furrowed by steamers passing to and-In 1850 appeared his " Lives of Mahomet and bia,--?•'•grounds called laspenaxd's Meadows, aad following.•?*.^was shedding his latest beams, and what if the•"HiBtory of New-York" might, perhaps, at first fail to recognize it as the work of the same hand, eo much gxaver and more thoughtful is the strainjn which it is"Tb« foeman tremblei in his camp."gave him three thousand guineas for tho copyright, To the accusations of The Platndealer'. Irving T&>1•J.-- H. . .'../.T.-JIPMtMfA^v^ty^sssat^ %&& *JMP&tflw*wjittff,WRITINGS AND GENHJS OF WASHINGTON IRVING.•„ » • ; f;Delivered Ufore ike Historical i• •1elation witb him, yl 0jj)y witb sWUjandJ «d to dofchemjoi-vil xnoteabhorrent to'Jjiograpber, than tfe ofothers,thatHi*!last evening. ***i ^ ^^together,myfriends,onthebirth-a youth in college, and having committed to memory a thtm.otherwisoi It wo* the instinct of bia mind toknew Irving intimately, an instructive anecdote re- tions, and that I had no feeling toward Mr. IrriuiTSt lating to the Life of Columbus. When the work was gratitude for the service he bad rendered me. The e ?critical f.kill which work af'«r him, ha: circle of b-s readsnm ** bis elbim to tbe rmI confess tbat myl the greater the moJ ings cf Irving are bl ence. In tb's I and'which I wag nJ judgment, a large gfl loeopby, independcT instmctively rejecuI Immenee crow a <#T arrangement, and fl as a skillfoVcommaj forms a disciplined \single will.The greater paricompeted wbi'e h 1might be called a its infirmities, but 1 intellect bright a i seemed yeVdi&tar t [ the objecfof pub!x<| retreat enjoyed aid moleetatrons of acbT much vi&i!<rd, perha of bis admirers wif kindncrs. That TO4ingthan ever, anl beautiful as the TiHb| older than hhnHe!1\ affectionate nephew relation of eons arjM by neighbors, wao loved hint the moreWhile heWEP bis "Life of W a | witb pain that hisT was ebbmg'-away. though be was not 1 we Chen: heard thai aleeplew; H e w ^ i bad been too sevei times feared tha'; tal desert bim before hi to which he had be^ prescription, srx-ea asthma, accordintr t| Dr. PetcJrSj one of bis profee&ion, waej largemcnt of the usual way. by a sol Uovember latt, ia| fam'ly good n»ght il withdrawn to his rl carry ing bis medicfden feelhtg of interj her arms, and died"Althodgbbchadlis rarely,prolongcdj where received wl country mourned,bis immediate ne:gl for the loss of theij funeral arrived, the! tend it; this capitaF on tbo railway worl mass nieetjug, bntl the streets of "the nl dressed ia tbe ena about the church ail first day of Decemrj our climate bad b| date: the sun ehori£ elements'were h:'b!| one of the blanded forests, tbe meado) loved, seemed fistd the eolemn JuneralT tbe remains of ••-..(& spirit for its new sti to bo a theologian, [ witb the better pal humbly to imitate t| Oar fauii.ONTHEY^J^^tmrornoread'tbein the speeches of u^/%;eTe. oortainly masters of tosh and ^^neededto'be'ashamed, but it can bird.whom no pupil S^^T^tuZi^ir «m« formfld in the ^saSffithe^tyre-of/lcving was formed in"Salmagundi"badpreparedthepublictorece'vetWswork with favor, and Setb. Handasldenad no reason to pencil. Let me say here, that it was not to pity court took a strong hold on the mind of Irving, and formed bad: complained of the alterations of .myrxiemTtS m remarkable is bisI,a -,y»j -..:••.;• • «*$2iiti¥&i&W eof an-lliu*trioua citizen of oof Republic; but eo re-ibe world. Bie admirable writing*, the- beautiful delighted, we are told, in reading Chancer and Spen-fttfrtaete of his peculiar genius, remain to be the enjoy- cer. The elder of th*Be great poetsoniga have shownhini tbe art of bightening his genial humor with pbetio ment of the present and future generations; - w e keep graces, and from both he might have learned a freerthe thought will force itself upon us that the light of bkfrienoly^ye is quenched—that we must bear no more bis beloved voice,nor take his welcome hand. It ' » »« if some genial year had just closed and left us in icost and gloom: its flowery Spring, its leafy Summer,' - ; < > ; • ' its plenteous Antnmn, flown, never to return. gifts ar© strewn around us; its harvests are in our gar- ners; but Us season oi bloom and warmth and fruitful nese is past: We look around Us and aee tbat the sun-i .^sidiiowbiehfilled the golden ear and tioged the red- stoing apple brightens the earth no more.jefiver the funeral oology of Thomas Cole, the great Bcnjomin Romaine, who had been a soldier^ in thequittal.7•Oeatia bia d««parUue from among TIS that ouraasein bring is rather an expression of sorrow for his deathmyself the rebuke of the tutor. -.'. • .I have just read Ins "History of New-York'over again, and I found myself no lqss delighted than whenHis was not a nature to pry for faults, or disabuse the mind of good-natured jniiatakes; he looked for virtue, )ove, and truth among men, and thane ed God that heSeveral papers were written by Irving {* 1830 and the following year, for the " Ku'ckeibocker" aequally the leader of his countrymen, in a difforeot composed with remarkable case and fluency, and ex-walk of creative genius. Another grave has been changed tasks with the othor boys, writiug their com-opened, and ho who nas gone down to it, earlier than positions, while they Bolved his problems in arithme-occasional pamphlets and dissertations on the ques-until, in the fullness of time and by the appointment of instructors'. He left tbia school in March; 1798, butthe press of our country began by degrees to teem with works composed with a literary skill and a spirited activity of intellect until then httle known among ns. Every year the assertion that we had no literature of ourownbicame lees and lees time; and now, when we look over a list of new works by native authors, we find, with an astonishment amounting almost to alarm, that the most voracious devourer of books must despair of being able to read half those which make a fair claim uponliisattention. It was since,J819 that the great historians of our country, whose praise is in tbvmouihs of all the nations^ began to write. One of them bnilt up the fabric of his .fame long after Irving appeared as an amhor, and slept witb Herodotus two years before Irving's death; another of thebe by those who have searched rnoaU carefully the ancient records of Spain—yet so full of personal incident,BO diversified with surprising turns of fortune, aud ihg roeeato be trained up its walls'; .tad trees hecontinued for a time to receive private lessons from the Washington Irviog was born in New-York on the 3d eame teacher at home. Dr. Francis, in his pleasant.nature, it was carried below the horizon.of April, 1783, but a few days afer the newa of the treaty with Great Britain, acknowledging our indepen- dence, had been received, to the great contentment of 4he people. He opened his eyes to the light, therefore,reminiscences of Irvine's early life, speakB of him as preparing to enter CShimbia- College, and as being prevented by the state of his health, but it is certain that an indifference .to tbe acqnieition of learning had taken possesei.n pf him at that age, which he after-these wrought up with such picturesque effeci that, to uso an expression of Pope, a young lady might read it by mistake for a romance. In 1831be gave ihe world another work on Spaniehhistory, the " voyages of the "Companions of Columbus," and in the year follow- ing, the "Alhambra," which is another "Sketch- " Book," with the scene laid in Spain.While in Spain, Irving had planned a Life of Cortez, the Conqueror of Mexico, and collected the facts from wbich it_was to be written. When, afterward, he happened to learn that Prescott designed to write the History of the Mexican ConqueBt, he immediately deeifeted. It was his intention to interweave witb the narrative descriptions of the ancient customs of thep anted prospered in that sheltered situation, aod were filled with birds wbich would net leave their nests at tbe approach of the kind master of the place. The honae became almost hidden from sight by their lofty summits, the perpetual rustlings of which', to those who eat within, were blended witb the murmurs ofthe. water. Van Tassel would have hod some difficulty in recognizing his old abode in ibis little paradise, with tbe beauty of which one of Irving's friends'* bas made the public familiar ia prose and verse.At Sunny side Irving wrote bis "Life of Olivet Goldbmitb." Putnam, the bookseller, bad said to hira one day, " H*re is Foeter's Life of Goldsmita; I think " o f republishing i t " " I once wrote a-msmoir ofAt the age of sixteen he entered his name as a stu- of which "he was yet to be tne ornament, were entering dent at law in the office of J^siah Ogden Hoffman, anably tfm>intohed. The town was scarcely built up toWarren street;. JBrowdway, a httle beyond, wa3 l06tamong grassy peutares and tilled fields; tne Park, inwhich now a'Hida our City Hail, was an open corn-won, aod beyond it gleamed in a hollow aaiongche renown—Alltion to become one of the greatest.of1 remember tbe accounts of tbis festivity reaching meas I was wandering in Illinois, hovering on the skirtsof the Ind'an war, in a region now populous, but thanunfilled and waste, and I could only write to Irving,and a*k leave to add my voice to the general acclama-tion. In his address at the dinner, Chancellor Kent a letter advising that the monument should be a statue,JsiabdbelowthepresentCityHalltheruralcharacter of the whole regivn w*s unchanged, aod tbe froah air of the country entered New-Yora at every etreet. Tneanabeenceoftwoyears. ingbetweenherandherlover,asthegTavewas oiehundredandthirtypagesIUtenday8. TneWin- l8ndofsan&hine,andfreedom,andhope. "IamAt the close of the year he was admitted to practice about to Bepara'.e them on the eve of what should have ter of 1822 found him in Dresden. In that year was " asked " he said, how long I mean to .remain here. whom Dr. Francis describes as in early life a slender 1|^ tbe westernmost towns of Massachuaetts where Dutch The churohes had multiplied faster than the places ofhad paid a thoueand guineas for the copyright of tbe events to Which it referred, bringing out the pictu- these doubt*. At the time when be began to employ« 'Was Btill the household tongue, and rna.rons of tbe % English stock, marrying into .them, were laughed at ^ r speaking.it so badly.poet. Campbell gave him, more tnan a year after hisamusement; other pubue. buildings of a magnificencehitherto unknown, including our present City Hall, nad who, already acquainted with him by his writings, b*en ejected; Tammtny Hall, fresh from tbe hands of welcomed him warmly to. Abboieford, and made himresque whenever he found it, and enlivening the wholeshadowedbytrees. £;'aa the city, of which he was a native, and the republic,cpon a career of greatness and prosperity, of which eminent advocate, Who, in later life, become a Judge amBterdam should have haraly known whether toin one of onr principal tribunals. It was while engaged in his professional studies that he made his first appear- arce as an author. I should have mentioned amongwas fortunate for the world tbat, as Irving reflected on the matter, doubts aroae in bis mind wbich tempered hid entbutiaem and led him to a different degtny. Tne two friends separated, each" to take his own way totween tbe appearance of the History of Now-Yorfc, in 1809, aid that oi the feJUtoh Book in loll).It was during thiB interval that an event took placewhich had a mtuked ipfluence on Irving's future lite,affected the character of his writings, and now that tbe remainder ofthe year and part of the next, and wherejm iSP il*& mm'U «•jripress; >vtyle and reasoningportion of it to repeat as a declamation before my claas,attach itself to the contemplation of the good and-beau-planation was grac ously accepted, andio,* briof ao£ printed in The Plairuiealer, Irving pronounced mvnr'^J. ? lirfMHiwllPORK fiAIfcY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4j I860-T»^ww«^«•"«••"'»"-i-^;*•' wr"««>«»-<—"•"?"•'•'I first turned its pages in my early youth. When I found them in such large measure. If there are touches . than of congratulation that such a man was born into riched with authorsof the -Elizabethan age, and he compare it with other works of wit and humor/ of a of satire in hiB writings, he is the beat-natured andthe recollection of his amiable and blameless life and mastery over his native English than the somewhat ids kindly manners, and for these we give thanks; bat formal taste of that day encouraged. Cowper's poems,I rejoice, for my part, that we have* had such awriter as Irving to bridge over the chasm between thetwo great nations—that an illustrious American livedso long in England, and was SM> much beloved there,and sought so earnestly to bring the people of the twocountries to a better understanding with each other, alteration is for the better, and caa make it with as and remained in that country for four years. I hav<Twelve years »ince, the task was assigned to. me to. alphabet. lu 1789 be was trar^ferreu to a school inlather of landscape painting in America, the artist who Bevolution; a eenetble man and a good di8c5plinarian, ^tt^t-iait J, Sxst taught the pencil to portray, with toe boldness of but probably an indilTere-ot scholar, and here he con-"with laughing." The mirth of the " History of very structure of h;8 mind and the endowments of his suppose, marred what Irving afterward perceived had whom all Spain admires, venerates, lores? I assureBchool of any of them. •Bisfatber's library was en-at that time, were in everybody's bands, and if his father bad not those of Barns, we must bolievo that he was no Scotchman. I think we may fairly infer that if the stylo of Irving took a bolder range than wus allowed in the-way of writing which prevailed when he was a youth, it was owing, in a great degree, to his stndiee in the poets, and especially in thode of the earlier English literature.toucbtd the work after he had brought it to tbe state tban in the magazine, just as some paintings of th< which satigfied his individual jadtrmerzt. An author highest merit are ueen with more pleasure in th can scarce commit a greater error than to alter what ho painter's room than on the walls of an exhibition. writes, except wnen be has a clear perception th*t tho /In 1842, he went to Spain a« the American MinisterHe owed little to the (schools, though he began to at- tend tlem early. His first iestraccious were given w ben he was betv» een four and six yearn old, by Mrs. Ann Kilnuuter, at her Bchool in.Ann street, who seems to have had eome difficulty in getting him through theauthor in even the later editions judiciously abstained mture,.our wild forests and lake shores, our mountain tinued till he was fourteen yeaisof age. He was a from any attempt to make it mere intelligible byregions, and the borders of our majestic rivers. Five favorite with the master^ but pre err* d reading to reg-years later, T was bidden to express, in such. terms ad ular study. At ten years of age he delighted in the wild tales of ArioBto,ae translated by Hoole; at elevenIcouldcommand,the>generalsorrowwhichwasfelt hewasd«epinbooktofvoyft-gesandtravels,whichlisnotes. " ....I find, in this work, more manifest traces than, in his otherwriiingsofwhatIrvingowedtotheearlierau- thors in our languager The quaint poetic coloring, and often the phraseology betray the disciple of Chaucer and Spenser. W e are conscious of a flavor of the the olden time, as ofa racy wine of some rich vintage—" Cooled a long age in the deep-delved earth."I will not say that there are no passages in this work which are not worthy of their context; that we do not sometimes meet with phraseology which we could wieh changed, that the wit doeB not sometimes run wild and drop here and there a ject which we could willingly spare. We forgive, we overlook, we forget all this as we read, in consideration of the entertain- ment we have enjoyed, and of that which beckons us onward in the next page. Of all mook-heroic works, '* Knickerbocker's History of New-York" is the gayest,the airiert, the least tiresome.In 1848 Mr. Irving issued an edition of this work, to which he prefixed what he called an "Apology." in- tended in part as an ans wer to those who thought he had made too fice with the names of our old Dutch families. To speak frankly, I do not much wonder that tbe descenaantB of ihe original founders of New-When tbe traveler now visits Granada and is takea Returning in 1816, Irving went back to Scmnyside, riodicallistsofnewAmericanpublicationswereex- totbeAlhambra,biagoidewillsay."Hereisoneof ontheHudBon,andcontinuedtomakeicbJsabodefor tremely meager, and consisted, to a great extent, of the curiosities of the place; this is the chamber occu- the rest of his lde. Those who passed up and downfor ib* death of Fenimore Cooper, equally great, andtrok to. school and read by stealth. At tbat time hepied by Washington Irving;" and he will show an the river before the year 1835 may remember a neg-? tions of the day. The works of greater pretension apartment, fromthe windows of which you have a lected cottage on a green bank, with a few locust treea were, for the most part, crudely and languidly made view of the glorious valley ofthe Genii, with the before it, cloee to where a little brook brings in ite mountain-peaks overlooking it, and hear the murmur tribute to the mightier stream. Li that year Irving became its possessor; be gave it the'name it nowthe** who inhabited them could scarce have dreamed.I t eeema fitting that one of the first births of tho newpease, »o welcome to the country, should be that of. agenius as kindly and frnr.ial as pea e itself, .aad the circumstances that favored the unfolding of his another race. In one of bis excellent Historical Dis- tion before whom I am called to speak, and is form-«es'iinea to make the world better and happier by its literary capacities, tbat two of his elder brotbers were gentle iuftaetces. In one respect thoee who were oorn men of decided literary tastes; William Irving, some at that time had the advantage of thoee who are edu- seventeen jtars his senior, and i)r. Peter Irving, who cated under the more vulgar uuflueoces of the present in the year 1802 founced a daily paper in New-York, age. Before their eyes were bet, in the pubiic actions at a time when a daily paper was not, as now, an en- ol the men who achieved our revolution, noble exam- terprise requiring a large outlay of capital, but an ex- ples of fcteady rectitude, magnanimous tielf-demal and periment that might be tried and abandoned with little cheerful etix-sacriflce for the sake of their country. risk. Dr. Irving establisfiei The Morning Chronicle,courees, Mr. Verplanck had gently complained of this ing the annals of his country into a work for future aborigines, such as their modes of warfare and their " Goldemitb," answered Irving, "which was pre- freedom, expieewng bimBelf, as he eaid, more in sor- ages. Within that period has arisen among us the gorgeous pageants, by way of relief to the sangainary " fixed to an edition of bis works printed at Paris, aa<|Irving came into tbe world when these great ana \ir- tcous'intn were in the pri-xo of their manhood, and posted his youth in the midst of that general reverence which gathered round them as they grew old.•rn'iux bet laUe cuarge, it en five years old, she saw deaux in Mvy, pasted two months in Genoa, made the in Philadelphia; and to The Analectic Magazine, pub- positions of the present century, and we owe them to CkeneralWashhigtoju in a ahop, and entering, led up tour of Sicily, and, crossing from Palermo to JNaples, lished in the same citj, he contributed a series of bio- the new impulse given to our literature in 1819.the boy, whom ahe presented as one to wiiom his proceeded to Rome. Here he formed the acquaintance graphical accounts of the naval commanders of the I look abroad on ihese stars of our literary firma- same nad been given. Tne General turned, laid his of Washington Allston, who was then entering on a United States. Of this magazine, in 1813 and the fol- ment—some crowded together, with their minute band on the child's head, and gave him his smile aad career of art as ex raordinary as that of Irving in litera- lowing jeaTS, he was the editor; making .the experi- points of light in a galaxy, some standing'apart inb»s blessing, htt e thinkmg that they were beetowed tare. Wi'.h Albjton he made long rambles in the pic- ment of his talent for a vocation to which men'of de- glorious conBtellation8; I recognize Arcturud, andWilliam Irving, the fatherof.the great author, wasa native of Scotland—one of a race in which tue in-stinct ot veneration is strong—and a Scottish woman Irving, alarmed by an increasing weakness of the was-employed as a nurse in his household. It is re-. chest, visited Europe for the sake of hid bealth. • He lated tbat one day while »he was walking m the atrest »ailed directly to the south of France, landed at Bor-upon bis lucure biographer. The gentle predsoraof ture»que oeighboihood of that old city, visited the that band Irving alwa.) aremembereo, and tbat blesa- galleries of its palaces and villas, and studied their ing, be believea, attended him through life. Wlio Bhall w^rkB ol art with a delight tbat rose ^enthusiasm!. Hesay what power that resollection ni*y have had in thought of the dry pursuit'Of the law which a waited his keepii'g him true to high aod generoua aims. return to America, aud for vvhich he had no incliniMon,cided literary tastes in this country are strongly inclinedThat amiable cbl fefct in the writings [and his younger brother contributed a series of essays bear.ng the signature ol Jonathan Oidstyle, of which JMr. Dnychinok, whose judgment I willingly accept, says that they enow how early the author acquired the style which so much charms'us in his later writings.law, for which he had to decided a distaste as never read in every cultivated form of human speech. Those to have fully tried Ids capacity for pursuing it. Two whom we acknowledge as our poets—one of whom isof his brothers were engaged in commerce, and they the special favorite of our brothers in language whoreceived him as a silent partner. He did not, how- dwell beyond the sea*—appeared hi the world ol letters •ever, renounce his literary occupations. He wrote, in and won its attention after Irving became famous':1810, a memoir of Campbell, the poet, prefaced to an We have wits, and humorists, and amusmg essayists, edition of the writings of that author, which appeared authors of some of the aintBt and most graceful com-fro, i s wharves crowded with masts, the bights which ally a new work. For my part, I know of nothingsurround it, and which lie remembered wild aad soli- Ike it. I have read no biographical memoir whicbtary and, lying in forest, now crowned with stately carries forward tbe reader eo dehgbtfally, and with socountry sea's, or with dwellings clustered iu villages, little tedioupnees of recital or reflection. I' never takeIn 1804, having reached the age of twenty-one,EnyliBh publications, mostly periodicals, and partly all, has sunk below the horizon. /The spheres, mean- At the time that Washington Irving W»B born, the and.almoat determined to be a painter. Allst.n eucour- mace up of ccntnbmions of some of our own best time, perform their appointed comees; the same mo-CSty of .New-York contained scarcely more than 2U,000 aged him in thiu dispocition, and together tbey planned bahttbitaxtta. During the war its population had prv>b» the echeme of a life devoted to the pursuit of arr. Itwritere; The biograpbical essays of which I have tion wbich lifted them up to the mid-sky bears them epoken were the only published writings of Irving be- forward to their setting; and they, • too, like th-irNew-York" is of the most transparent sort, and theheart, a work of peace and brotherhood, and I will reafiy been one of the merits of the work. you it woulo be difficult for our Goveroment to, refuse fcay for him that he nobly performed it. In. tbe Spring of 1829, Irving made another visit to anything which Irving should ask, and bus signatore Let me pause hero to speak of what I . believe to tbe South of Spain, collecting materials from which he would make almofet any treaty : acceptable to oarhave been the influence ofthe " Sketch Book " upon afterward composed some of his most popular works. people." -'. ,'. •laugh or look grave on finding the names of their an- cestors, of whom they never thought but with respect, now connected w)th ludicrous associations, by a wit ofband lives yet to be the ornament of the Associa-death of both parties allows it to be spoken of without he became acquainted with the poet Moore, wbo fre- Switzerlanu to France, resided £&Paris-several months, tory. He became attached to a young lady, waom he were much in each others' company, and the poet hasjBeadows, a little sheet of freah water, the Koicu, paiiters and Irving to take bis place among tbe great-- from which a sluggish rivulet utole through the low est of authors. Leaving Italy. Ireiog passed through reeerve, gives a peculiar interest to his personal his- quently mentions him in his Diary. Moore attd he welcomed the historian of New;Amsterdam back to ard attended the great memorial meeting held in Me- Lhis native city, and Irving in reply poured forth his tbe coorse-of what is now Canal street, entered tbe traveled through Flanders' and Holland, went to Eng- was to have married. She died unwedded, in the left on record an expression of his amazement at the heart in the warmest expressions of delight- at finding .Hudson. With the exception of the lixtie corner of tbo land, and retarntd to hid native country in 1806, after flower^pf her age. There was a sorrowful leave-tak- rapidity with which Bracebndge Hill was composed— himself again among his countrymen and kindred, in atropolitan Hall in February of the next year, at which at Webster pretided. fie was then hear tne end of hut $ hixty-eighth year, and was remarked as one overs! whomthelasttwentyyearshadpassedlightly.•He,Mas an attorney-at-Jaw. He opened an office, but i been her bridal; and Irving ever after, to the close of published Bracebridge Hall, the groundwork of which "They know little of my heart who can ask me thistown a', that .time contained a mingled papulation cculd not be said tbat he ever became a practitioner his life, tenderly and faithfully cherished her memory. is a charming description of country fife in Eagland, "ouestion. I answer, ai long as I live."drawn from-different countries; but-the descendants of He began the year 1807 with the earliest of those liter- In one of the biographical notices published imme- interspersed with narratives, the scene of which is The instinct of rambling had not, however, forsakentbo old Dutch settiera formed a large proportion ot* tbe ary laoois which have won him tbe admiration of the diately after Irving's death, an old, wed-woni copy of laid in other countries. Of these, the Norman tale of him. In the Summer after his return, he made a jour- elderly, with firm but benevolent features, wellknK inhabitant*, aad tneee preserved many of their pecu- world. On the 24ih of January appeared, in tbe form the Bible is spoken of, which was kept lying on the Annette Delarbre seems to me the most beautiful and ney to the country west oi the Mississippi, iu company and muscular limbs, and an elastic ttep, the sign of un« Sar enstjma, and had not ceased to use ths speech of of a small pamphlet, the first number of a periodical table in his chamber, within reach of his bedside, bear- afleeting thing of its kind in all his workB; BObeau'iful, with Mr. E loworth, a commissioner iacrusted with diminished pbytical vigor.tbeir aneebtors at their ftresidee. Many of them lived entitled " Salmagundi," tbe joint production of him- ing her name on tbo title-page Jn a delicate female indeed, that 1 can hardly see how he who has once the removal of certa n Indian tribes, and roamed over In his retirement at SunnyBi'de Irving planned aa4 L in the quaint old house?, built of small yellow brick self, his bi other William and .James K. Paulding. Tbe hand—a relic which we may presume to have been his read it can resist tho desire to read it again. In Brace- wild regions, then the hunt ng-grounds of the savage, executed his last gre vt work, the " Life of Washing1' i from Holland, with their notched gable ends on the elder brother contributed the poetry, with hints and conttant companion. Tboee who are-fond of searching bridge Hall we have the Stout Gentleman, fall of but into wbich the white muu bas smce brought his ton," to which he bays he had long looked forward sitimes her would &otrtets, which have since been swept away witb that outlines for some of the. essay e, but nearly all the prose in the. biographies of eminent men for the circum- a certain minute painting of familiar objects, where plow and his herds. He did not publish his. account of h"s crowb'ng literary effort. Constable, the Edinburgh «isnguage. was written by the two other associates. stances which determined the bent of their genius, not a single,touch is thrown in tnat does not higbten tbis journey until 1835, when it appeared as the first bookseller, had proposed it to bim thirty years before In the surrounding: country, along its rivers axd be- When " Salmagundi" appeared, the quaint old Dutch find in this sad event, and the cloud it threw over the the comic effect of the narrative. If I am not greatly volome of the "Crayon Mscellanv," under the title and he then resolved to undertake it as soon as he ad* its harbors, and in many parte lar inland, the orig- town in which 1'ryiog was born had become trans- hopeful and cheerful period of early maohood, an ex- mistaken, the most popular novelists of the day have of " A Tour on the Prairies." In this work the should return to tbe United S'atcs. It was postponed inalcharacter ol the. Dutch aettlements was still leas formed to a comparatively gay metropolis. Its popu- planation of the transition from the unbounded play- learned from this pattern the skill with which they original Weft is described as Irving knew how to de- in favor of other projects, but never abandoned. At changed. Here they read their Bibles and said their lation of twenty thousand sools. had enlarged to more fulness of the " History of New-York" to the aerioaa, have wrought up some of their most striking passages, scribed, and the narrative is in that vein of easy length the exnected time seemed to have' arrived; ii* both grave and gay. In composing Bracebridge Hall; gayety peculiar to his writings. "Abbotsford add other taeka bad been successfully jperformed ; th« world was waiting for new works from1 his pen; hiLyers, and listened to sermons in the ancestral tongue. than eighty thousand, although its aristocratic classtender, and meditative vein of the "Sketch BOOK." In ltl5, Boon after our second peace with Great Britain, Lving sailed again for Europe, and fixed him- self at Liverpool, where a branch of the large commer-(mains oi this language yet linger in a tew neigh- borLoodd; but in most, the common schools, and tbe irruptions of the Yankee race, and the growth of aNewfltead Abbey" formed the second volume of the "Crayon Miscellany," and to theee he has added another, entitled " Legends of the Conquest of Spain."Bial house to which he belongea was eBtablished. Hie which'he was born.old love of rambling returned upon him; he wandered In 1823, Irving, still a wanderer, returned to Paris, Enterprise beyond the Rocky Mountains," a some- Yet he had his misgivings, though theyJcoald not Sr first into Wales and over some of the finest counties and in the year lollowing gave the world bis " Tales what curious example of literary skill. A voluminous veit him from his purpose. " Thev expect too much— in England, and then northward to the sterner region of a Travel/er." Murray, in the meantime, had become cemmercial correspondence was the dull ore of the too much," he said to a friend or mine, to whom topopulation newly derived .from, Korope, -nave stifled fresh and fresh. " Salmagundi" Bpeaks of leathertbe ancient utterances of .Ne w-Amsterdam. I remem- breeches as all the rage for a morning dress, and flesh- ber that twenty years since the market people of Ber- colored smJls for an evening party. Gay equipagesS n chattered Dutch.in the steamerB which broaght dashed through the streets. A new theater had risen em in the early morning to New-York. I remember in Park row, on the boards of wh.ch Cooper, one of thethe love of literary production yet remained, aad h* | In 1836 he published " Astoria; or, Anecdotes of an addressed himeelf to this greatest of hiaTabors*had yet their residences in what seems to us now the narrow space between the Battery and Wall street. The modes and fashions of Europe were importedIrving showed that he had not forgotten his native country; and in the pleasant tale of Dolph HeylCgee he went back to the banks of that glorious river besidemind and body were yet in their vigor, the habit aad• It will be readily ujlorred that the isolation in which the builder, overlooked the Park. We began to affuct his friend /or life. 8cott sent a special message to g ^ use of aJLanguage, strange to the reet of the coan-^y_ placed thesa people, would form them to a cbarac- a taste for pictures, and the rooms of Michael Paff, the Campbell, thanking him for having made him known^ y f peculiar simplicity, in which there was a great famous German picture dealer ui Broadway, were a to Irving. " He is one of the best and pleasantest ac-randa of their contents. In 1837, be prepared for thecontained men who were sharper tban he at driving a press the " Adventures of Captain Bonnevil'e of the shadows of night should descend upon him before hi^ j j e0JBji^bat w«ia quaiui. and not a little that would appear totheir'neighborsoftheAnglo-Saxonslock.Far Went." He had the manuscript journal of Bonne-c %favorite loaxge for such connoisseurs as we then had, qubimances," said Scott, " that I have made thisnionvvwho amuted themselves witS making him talk ofmarkable for their second part, entitled " BuckthooneandhisFriends/'inwhichtheauthorintroducesustoliterary life in its various aspects, as he Jiad observed every eeuence. •" ; Washington was concerned—such "as were ajnaaaea it in London, and to the relations in whica authors atthat time Btood to riie booksellers. His sketches of thedifferent personages are individual, characteristic, andMichaelAngelo. BallstonSpringswerethegreatjl yf7is among such a population, friendly and hospita- fashionable watering-place of tbe country, to which re- brothers failed. The changes which folio wed the pencevillebeforehim,butthehandoflrvmgisapparentinble we aring ibeir faoru on the outside, and living in Boned the planters of the South with splendid equip- bomeiv comfort on their fertile and. ample acies, matof 181-5 swept away their fortunes aud his together, and he was now to begin ihe world anew.About the time that this work appeared Irving was and digeBted by the research of Sparks, and acflom* drawn into the only public controversy in which, BO ?anied by the commentary of his exceUeh; biography,far as I know, he ever engaged. William Leggettdiverting, yet with what a kindly pencil they are all then conducted a weekly periodictd entilled The Plain- spirit extracted. Bittonans had in the mean timjjdrawn! His good nature overspreads and harmonizes dtalcr, remarkable both ior itB ability and its love of arisen in our country of a world-wide fame, with everything, like the warm atmosphere which so much disputation. It attacked Mr. Irving for altering a line whose works his own must be compared, and he wa*tbo bo>b °°^ sua'^ early youth of Irving were passed. ages and troops of shining blacks in livery.H e bejtan "while yet a boy to wander ab jut tne sur- " Salmagundi" satirized the follies ano ridiculed theIn 1S1B he began to publish " The Sketch Book." It Toraidme % 'onntry, fox the love of rambling was the humors ofthe time with great prodigality of wit and was written in England and sent over to New-York, 2nostremai- kable peculiarifcy of .that period of hi* life. no less exuberance of good nature. In form it rese ra- where it was issued by Van Winkle, in octavo num- He became a 8 ^° I1"08*1! writes, fanubar with all the bies " Tbe Tatler," and that numerous brood of peri- bers, containing from seventy to a hundi-ed pages. Inhese were all to bo carefally examined and theirarrival in England, a letter of introduction to Ssott,himeelf steadily on this woik, be was near the ag« «Beichborinic P^"5*81**0TM » history or fable kne w odical papers to which the success of " The Tatler " the preface he remarked that he was "unsettled in delights us in painting. or two in one of my poems, witb a view of making it to be judged by a public whom he, more"than *kn^Q e x e & and " Spectator" gave bu-th; bat it is in no sense an " bis abode;" that he had " his cares and vicissitudes," ^ l ^ B M i w murder or a roboery hod been imitation. Its gaiety is its own; its style bf humor is and could not, therefore/ give these papers the "tran-OOoSiuSor agkostseen;spoiledintothevillages, notthatofAddisonnorGoldsmith,thoughithasall "quilattentionnecessaryto finished composition." M ^ d t h e i r cos w>nj»-and talked with their sages, a wel- tbe geniul sp«it of theirs, nor is it borrowed from anyIrving, still 'unsettled in his abode," passed theWin- lees offensive to J&ngubb readers, and for writing a pre- any other man, had taught to be impatient of medr ter of 1825 in the South of Fiance. When you are in face to the American edition of his'" Tour on the ocrity. • ~ . thatregion,youseethesnowysummitsoftheSpanish Prairies,"fullofprofessionsofloveforhiscountry^ Idonotbelieve,however,"thatIrving'staskwoaMoomVgnest, dot ***** f ^ g » U°*J ^ d TM*TMTM<* othtr writer. It IBfar more frolicksome and joyoua, Several-of them were copied with praise in The Lon- Pyrenees looking down upon you; Spanish visitors wbich were studiously omitted from the English "j have been performed 80 ably if it had been uudertakea J^nlrs,andtm *v*0TM1 P^faI tarA oX to TM*TMr**- jettemperedbyanauvegracefulness. "Salmagundi" donLiterary Gazette, anaanintimationwasconveyed frequentthewateringplaces;Spanishpeddlers,intheir edition. Fromthese circumstances The Plaindcalcr whenitwastuggeBtedbyConstable;thenarraavsooaldwas manifestly written without the fear.of criticism to tbe author that 8omo person in London was aboat to handsome costumeSj oner you the fabrics of Barcelona 4 k r ?J_^T nlViT1 •! eso particnlars because they help to before the eyes of the authors, and to this seise of per- publish them entire. He preferred to do this himself, ai d Valencia; Spanish peasants come to the fairs; the^ £ K e rnmd of lmg was trained, and ^ I w ^ r o c e s s he *"*** ^ ^ ^ foaster of the inate- S ^ a S S S T w x o t 'ghtintotheforuQswesomachad-attMES t^-TheSbetcb-Bookandtbe two succeeding works of their age. The poetic elements of bis character and were made to me vvbiclijwsme^W&^tba*, I hadIrvinj~Bracebri^geHallandtheTalesofa;Traveller' history,"ih'egrandeurand mysteryof his design, bis takenpartin this attack upon^hua/tS <x*m«Z+A? ?-raboutid witb agreeable pictures of English life, seen prophetic sagaci-y, his hopeful and devout courage, impression, I sent a note to The Plama^^foVomu underfavorablelightsandsketchedwitbafriendly andhisdisregardoftheridiculeofmeanerintellects. cation,inwhichIdeclaredin8ubstancejtb%vl £ 3mirefiet having undertaken its publication. I recollect to the English that he baa thus described them and the inspiration of the work. though they were not such as I sbouldteveiaadeT guisbed member of well its early and immediate popularity. I was .then- their country; it was because he could noli describe Mr. Doyckrnck gives, on the authority of one wbo was certain tbey were made witb the kmdestkSru alyzed the rxerits otiful, wherever be found them, and to turn away from politicians • ^ S J S S i f t S ^ B S of **&} the floor tbat I was unable to proceed, and drew upon the.sightof what was evil, misshapen, and hateful.jmBrly finished it was put into the hands of LieutenantSlidefl Mackenzie, himself an agreeable writer, thenon a visit to Spain, who read it with a view of givioga critical opinion of its merit*. " I t is quito perfect,"said he on returning the manuscript, " except the style,and that is unequal." The remark made such an im- monthly periodical conducted by his friend, lie wis pression on tbe mind of the author that be wrote over Gaylord Clark, all of them such as heionly could the whole narrative with the view of making the style write. They were afterward collected mto a volumemore uniform, but he afterward thoaght that he had entitled " Wolfert's Roost," from the ancient ruuae ofnot improved it. that beautiful residence of his on tbe banks ,of theLore ano. ^ " " " ^ j '0I-was so overcome with lan> hter when I appeared onAmerican literature. At the time it appeared the pe-" Sketch Book," welcomed on both sides of the Atlan-of many mountain brooks at once, as they hurry to the plain. In July of the same year he repaired to Lon- don, where he was to act as Secretary ofthe Americanwears, planted its pleasant slopes with'trees and; ehrubB, laid it out m walks, built, outhouses aod con-tic, showed the possibility of an American author ac-"Lving went to Paris in 1820, where he passed thehearty a confidence in himself as he felt in giving the jjever understood that anything occurred', daring tha' work its firbt shape. Wbat strikes me as an occasional time to put his talents for diplomacy t i any rigoroutand to wean them from the animosities of narrowminds. I am sure that tbeie is not a large-minded andlarge-hearted man in all our country wao can readover the Sketch-Book and the other writings of IrvingaDd ditown one of the magnanimous sentiments they "eageB where absolute simplicity would have satisfied understand very well what tbat is; but if there had expiess with regard to England, or desire to abate the us better. It may well be supposed that Irving origi- been any question of impo»tanceto be settled, I tfajnkl glow of one of his warm,ai,d cheerful pictures of En- nally wrote some parts of the work with the quiet he migl.t have acquitted himeeif as well as. many who glish life. Occaeions will arise, no doubt, for saying plainnefs of a calm relater of facts, and others wish who have bad a higher reputatioa for dexttrity in eome things in a leas accommodating Bpirit, aad there the spirit and fir e of one who had become warmed with bus^eee. When I was at Madrid,.in 1857, a dUin- are men enoogh on both sides of the Atiaatic who can his subject, and this probably gave occasion to what gnished Spaniard said to me: -".^my does net your eaytbem; but Irving was not sent into the world on was said of the inequality of the etyie. The attempt Government eend out Washington Irving to this thiB errand. A different work was assigned him in the to elevate the diction of the simpler portions, we may Court 7 Wby do you not take as your agent the manquiring a fame bounded only by the limits of his ownlanguage, and gave an example of the qualities by Legation. Here he published his "Chronicles ofthe verted tbe cottage into a more spacious dwelling in" Conquest of Granada," one of the most delightful of we had Cooper's "Spy" and Dana's "Idle Man;" Irs works, an exact history—for such it is admitted totbe old Dutchttyie of architecture, with crow-stepson the gabies, a quaint, picturesque building, witb " a s many angles and corners," to nee his own-words " as. a cocked bat." He caueed creeping plants and climb-,which it might be won. Within two years afterwardrow tban in anger. Even the sorrow, I believe, must class who hold vast multitudes in motionless attention barbarities ofthe Conquest. He Saw what rich ma-" I have thought of enlarging it, and making it mora " perfect." " If you will do tha*," was the roply off.the bookseller, " 1 shall not repablisbthe 'life' by "Foster." With'n three months afterward Irving'* " Life of Goldsmith" was finished and in press. It was so much superior to the original sketch in the ex* actnees of tbe particulars, the entertainmant of the anecdotes, and tbe beamy of the Btyle, that ii was re-ihave long since wholly passed away when it is seen by public discourses, the most perfect of their kind, how little Irving's peasantries have detracted from sucb as make the fame of Everett. Within that pe-the honor paid to the early history of our city—at all riod, onr theologians have learned to write with the events, we do not see how it could survive Irving's elegance aid vivacity of the essayists. We had batterials of the pictureaque these opened to him, and. if he had accomplished his plan, he would probably have produced one of his most popular works.good-humored and graceful Apology.It was not long after the publication of the Historyoi New-York that Irving abandoned the profession ofIn 1832 IrviDg returned to New-York.He returnedto betake tbembelvea. Those who remember The Southern Crown, a,nd the Pleiades, shedding sweet in- Analectic Magazine cannot have forgotten that it was fluences; but the Evening Stir, the soft and serenea moijt en triaining miscellany, partly compiled from light.that glowed in their van, the precureor of themlive among us delighted to epeak. Irving was a man wifh whom itof«he feelings of ol ing to the merciful 1 and so zhecett tbat I bow it should,haveJ" should bAve gainedl man's buccess, be* merits, but be wasa to blame1^sensiiiveJ ble criticism of any suade him tbat Us<repreeeated thcra. that he ^could vi:e^ should bo the o -ocFrom the time th "Sketch Book,' hi tbor. His bibits nomeans'regular.periods would literOrion, andPereeu*, and the glittering jewels of the" Bracebridge Hall," and now offered fiftatn hundredpounds for the " Tales of a Traveller," which Irving witb toucbeB of his native humor. His nephew, threescore and ten, when with most men the season oi accepted. " He might have had two thousand," eays Pierre M. Irving, lightened his labor materially by ex- hope and confidence is past. He was like one who Moore, but this assembly will not, I hope, think the amining and coliat ng the letters, and making memo- should begin the great labor of tbo day when the wflworee of him if it be acknowledged, that the worldbargain. Tbe "Tales of a Traveller" are mist re- United States Army in the Rocky Mountains and the task was ended ? A vaat labor had been-thrownupefidrew an inference unfavorable to Irving's sincerity-. not have been so ccmpleteinlts facts;'it might so*much delight. Irving never seemed to place much wrote to ask tnat the copy which he had left with him the 3ear, invited by our Minister at Madrid, Alexander ing him to find a publisher for it in England. This he till the author's mind had become filled With tbe pf°rI ehould htre mention, and I hope I may do it with- have been written with the same becoming sioapliciftr' out much egotism, that when a volame of my poems It was fortuna e that the work was delayed rill it co»d seller, Munay. Murray was slow in giving the mat- haunted by the desire of visiting that remarkable was published here in the year 1832, Mr. Verplanck be written from tho largest ttore of materia?*^*"* is probably owing which makes us still read it With BO ter his attention, and Irving, after a reasonable dolay, country. To Spain Irving went in the latier part of had the kindness to send a copy of it to Irviog, deal- plan was fully matured in all its fair proportions, *°*fect freedom in tbe exercise of their genius, the charm and, accordingly, offered the work to the famous book- traveler feels himself almost in Spain already, and is^ewJawalenod andnourished. Those,whoonly whether he ever excelled aome ofthose papers in pleading excees ofoccupation,the greatcrossofall canConsul,aninduetnousand intelligentcollectorof withme,andofferedthevolumetoMurray. "Poetry ThesimplicityalreadymentionediathefirstauaWf^know the island of A ew-York as it now ii, see few " Salmagundi" which bear the most evident marks of eminent booksellers, and ailegiog the " want of scope Spanish works relating to America. JHis errand was " does not tell at present," Baid Murray, and declined 9t 1traces of the beauty it wore before it was k veled and his style, and Paulding, though he has since acquired" in the nature of the w«rk " as a reason for declining it.^ This was discouraging, but Irving had the enter- priee to print the fi-'st volume in London at his own risk. It was issued by John Miller, and was well re- ceived, but within a month afterward the publisher failed. Immediately Sir Walter Scott came to London and eaw Murray, wbo allowed hioiBolf to be persuadedto translate into English the documen s relating to it. A bookseller in Bond street, named Andrews, of this work which impresses the redder. .^ ? r,Si manofgenius,apoetbytemperament,writingthemTM the discovery and early hiatory of our continent, col- undertook its publication, but required that Irving of a man of trarsctudent wisdom and'virtae--auHj'lected by the research of Navarrete. He passed the should introduce it with a preface of his ownl Ile did passed amid great events aiid marked by irwsthn**"0public B«rvi«ee. There is a constant temptsftMi •?eulogy, but tbe temptation Is resisted; tbeacuoM0*bis hero are ieft to speak their o wn praise. He ****"•amoothedfrom side to h ^ for the builder. Inaiedi->wnicwa•ifito. with nights and holl ">"*> groves atoernatiug withHow-York ia 'i825, and I we. « «*oU*ctately without tbo little U» charmingly diver-where tbo dark rocks jutted far oat in tbe water, with " scope " thun he supposed, and purchased the copy- which, immediately after bis arrival in Spain, he had Men." One of them wasBtJe bays between, over which ' looped forest trees author8, and John Foster had published his essays. Of light of both volumes for £200, which he afterward determined to write, instead of translating the docu- " the, British uolli«r trorublo«,"overrun witb wild vines. Ko lo * beautifal were the the poets, Rogers, Campbell, and M x>re. were begin- 'liberally raised to four hundred. . ments of Navarrette. In Spain he began and fioiahedshores of the Eatt River, where tbjS orchards of the ning to be popular; Wordsworth had published hts Whoever compares the " Sketch-Book" witb the that work, after having visited the pl-ices associated and Irving good-naturedly consented that it should be Meantime the narrator keeps himself fn ths o*^the narrative are made to impress thcoaselvea <» J"?A closer examination reveals another great merit oilHere wandered Irving in his youth, and allowed the Nearly two yearc afterward; in the Autumn of 180U, any author who ever wrote, a humor which Mr. Dana " The Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus" ho did not sometimes employ his, pen on controverted tbat it was attained without a direct effort. Bong aspect of that nature whi jh he afterward p\. *rtrayed so appeared in Thp Evening Post, addressed to the hu- happily characterized as " a fanciful playing with placed Irving among tbe historians^ for the biography pointe. He fully vindicated himself in both instances, meditation had probably ea eh*ped and matured th« well to engrave itself on bia heart; but his e xcuwions mane, an advertisement requesting information con- /* common things, end hero and there beautiful touchos, of tbat groat discoverer is a part, and a remarkable showing that he made the alterations in my poem from plan in his nind, and so arranged its parts in their jo*withtbobanksoftheHudeon,theMteao."dinary bocker,dressedinabluer,coatandcockedhat,who beensoberedsincehelastappearedbeforethopublic, haspassedintoirremediableoblivion;wha;wasboth copyofittoEnglandforpublicationatthesametime wehaveit. Thereianothingdistorted,nothingpl*°£J beauty of which he was tbe ftratto d a s c j ^ i|ft m^le had suddenly left his lodgmgs at the Columbian Hotel as if the shadow of a great Borrow had fallen upon it. personal and historical is yet outstanding above the that he had Bent another to the printer here, and that in too broad a lighter thrown too far in the shad* aoqoaintancewiththeDutchneighborhood ibshered inMal&ezrystreet,andhadaot been heard of after- Thegreaternumberofthepapersareaddressedtoour shadowthathasBettledaver the rest, The work of itwouldhavebeenanabsurditytoaddresstheEnglish Theincidentsofourrevolutiouarywar,thegreatev«a hy its hills, Nyack, Haverstraw, ttong Rng, .and ward. In the beg'jning of November, a .*' Traveler" deeper hympathitB, and some of ihem, ae foroxamp'e, living was at once in everybody's bonds and eagerly edition to tbe American public. But as this was the cf Washington's life, pass before us as tbey passed be* Sleepy Hollow, and with the majestic Highlands r>?- communicated to the same jparnai the information that the "Broken Heart," the " Widow and Her Sm,'' read. Navarrete vouched for its historical aooaracy first time tbat he had appeared before his countrymen fore the eyes of the c >mmauder in chief himself, an» yonu. His rambles in another di ectiou ed him W he had seen a person answoring to this description, and " Rural Funerals." dwell upon the Baddefit and completeness. Jeffrey declared that no work as an author eince his return from Europe, it was but from time to time Varied his designs. WashingtonM Commonipaw, lying in its quiet recew by New-York , apparently fatigued with his journey, resting by the themes. Only in two of tbem—" Rip Van Winkle" could over take its place. It was written with a strong proper tbat he ahould express to ihem the feelings kept alwaya in eight, and the office of tbe btograpbg Bay j to \bo then peaceful Go wanos, no w nowy witb .roadside a little north of H»ngaimdge> Ten days later, .and the " Legend of Sleepy Hallow"—does he Jay the love of the subject, and to this it owes much of its awakened by their generous welcome. " These feel- is never allowed to become merged in that ofw» th» passage of visitors to Greenwood and thronged both Hancaside, tbo landlord of the Columbian Ho^el. gejns loose on the neck of his frdlicksoaae fancy, and power over the reader. Columbus was one of those *'inge" he said, "were genuine, and were not ex- historian. • ; ' ^ ^8teyve*ant estate reached to cliffs beetling over the Lyrical Balladi, Scott, his Bay of the Last Mingtcel,water, and xtill further on were inb ,ta between rocky Sonthoy, his Madoc, and Joanna Baillie, two volumesbanksbristlingwithredcedars, homeide\ ofthii ofherp'ays. Inthisrevivalofthe.creativepowerinbeauty may be formed from looking i.* what remain literature, it is pleasant, to see that our own countryof tbo native shore of New-York lsl ,uad where tbe took part, contributing a work of a.character as frestt written. A more attentive examination, however and laid it before the public in 1828. Like the other plied with a mingled spirit and dignity which almost the work, the admirable proportion in which the iutboct tides of tne East Biver rush to and frt» by the rocky and original as any tney produced on the other.side of shows tbat the bumor in the lighter parts is of the works of Irving'B, it was published hero at the same make us regret that his faculties were not oltener keeps the characters and events of his story. I sappoeti -verge of Jones's Wood. (^ the Atlantic. • •• , , 0 TM same peculiar aad original caet, wholly unlike that of tiros as in London. routed, into eiiorgy by tuch collisions, or at least that be could hardly have been conscious of tbis ment. «Mwere not confined to this island. He became fauidiar cerning a srnall elderly gentleman named Knicker- " till the ludicrous bocomca half picturoeque." Yet part, of the hfetory ofthe world. / Of what was strictly a simple desire to do me service, and that with regard symmetry, tbat, executing it as ho did conscientiously} one cannot help perceiving that the authors spirit had and Bimply person*! in his adventures much, of course,! to the " Tour on the Prairies" he had sent a manuscript he could not have made it a different thing from ,wu<with funeral*; to Hoboken, HoTsimus, and Paulas a***, notice, throngh the same journal, that be had alkrw it to dash forward without restraint; and these who, with all their faculties occupied by one great '• pressed with half the warmth witb wbich they were Hook, which has sixwe become a city. A ferry-boat loum?mthemiuiwjggentleman'jB chamber "acurious rank among the most delightful and popular fates ever idea, and bant on making it a practical reality, are '"onteitaixied," an aeeertion which every reader, I be- frmdag on toe rapid tides took htm over to Brooklyn, kind o* written book/' which be shoold print by way written* in our country they have be*sa read. I be* looked Dpon as crazed, and pitaedand forgotten if they lieve, was disposed to receive literally.The men who were tbe companions of Washfag** in the field or ia civil life are shown onjyin their «**9nr» oyx flourishing and beuatifdl neighbor city; of reimKvxaing bimtotf for what bis ]^^x owed him. , lkrve, by Xtfariy everybody who can read at alLUntitled Document,W'-H»VW*i.1A VH^>^; a-^rV*^fl<»jJ^iWyfSV««"13069Winter of 1820 at the Spanish Capital as the guest ofMr. Rich; tho following season took him to Grenada,and he lingered awhile in tbat bean iful region pro-fusely watered by the streams that break from the the editor. The edition In consequence founa a sale.with tbe principal events in the life of his hero. altered to MurraywasBOwellsatisfiedwithits"scope"thathe Theotheralterationwasofasimilarcharacter.ground, solely occupied with tho due preeehtatwnofm*« subject. Our eyes are upon tbe actors Whom be l**^ Ibeforeus,weneverthinkofMr.Irving. Mfail, but Uthey succeed fire y<enerated ai tbo glory of In bis answer to The Plaindealcr} some aUturioxwThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street11. TTuokortmun. £»i»iVso, speaking of my versesin Buoh terms.as would na- turally command for,them the attention of the pubiic, and allowing his name to be placed in the title page asi- up without b*ing tempted to wish that Irving had written moi e works of the kind; but this could hardly he—for where could he have found .another Gobi- smith?and every where tbe activity and bustle of a prosperousand hopeful people. And he, too, how had he re-turned 1 The young and comparatively obscure author,whose works had only found here and there a readerin,England, had achieved a fame as wide as the civil-ized world. All the trophies be had won in this field " Succeseoie," composed principally from;memorandahe brought home to lay at the feet of his country. made by bim during his residence in Spain; and in theMeanwhile all the •country was moved to meet him; same year he completed the revision of the neweditioathe rejoicing was universal that one who had repre- of his works wbich was brought oat by Putnam, asented us so illuBtrioualy abroad waa henceforth to bookseller of whose obliging and honorable condact he j action*. •'•Hewaseiwas not easy to have a misunderstanding; but, even accept one pressed upon him by his enthusiastic if he had been of a different temper, these commenda-countrymen. It was given at the City Hall on the tions would have b«en none tie less well deserved.30th ol May, Chancellor Kent presiding, and the most gVVhen Cooper died, toward tbe close of ths year J5J eminent citizens of New-YOrk assembled at the table. 1850. Irving, who had not long before met bin, appa-rently in the fall vigor of his excellent fconslitaaon, was much shocked by the event, and took part in \h»\ meetings held for the purpose of collecting fuode to erect a monument to his memory in this city—a design wbich 1 am sorry to say has wholly failed. He wroteIrving hated public dinners, bat he was forced toand delicate youth, preserving bis health by habitualdaily exercise, appeared before that vast assembly af| ?rears after the fullfresh, well-preeerved gentleman, scarcely more thanbund it almost ii tbroughout life an < would wr>te all the wholly engrotsed - be was ready for atook part with an a spirits. These istt labor, sometimes la languor, and at tim months the pen WOTalette* at those una In tho evening he so, at least, I mier- xo&ndB upvn the u «wing, I doubt n< t,powers, along wi h the exercise whi h able to preserve un ultaes employed in < a vigorous walker; cunixg years he -In of tbe open air a witb the aspect of ations was listen!ai dulgent crit;c, ana soothed by straLid 3 ions ears are apt toHis facility in wi were owing to very authors, and the na in my opinion, ox graces of manner c termsandphrases, are sometimes four tidioua taste might < style from being < whole rang© of our light, sweetly modi presiionof a fertile mind which, deiul turned involuntarilypeculiar humor was of this^-'Ustitution c mgwith'common.I never coartu—tu?\ ci in harmony with ou tinged hiewritings, conversation.T have thus t»et b< measure of ability i sketch of the life ai Other hands will yd vivid and exact, :i n meantime,whenI\ stood befcre tbo wo ing fame~-baK a cv turiea—-I cannot he* renown. Since he and passed away; i the stage of the \vc called to their aco ended, which have race. New aits h^have pushed «he ol of half maukinn iu bas learned a ne \v chemist of, 1800 w brethren, of tbe pre bewildered in the t utter8speech"tona to realm with tbe have been, made j become a narrov.- Kew shake hands look in at each oth< bring ubw calannt tbe recoil of tbei more frightful ui self with deadlic tbebatUc-lleblc dashed against e bloodshed. Wo i ceaselees mutaiioi der our feet, at like Irviog for sc same world into jj are quieted and tbe language of ib Truth aad Good ai•O.W.tI ,.»>.^^i*...i.. x ^ w w9mmmtw>< x( »ww»JlW<i>-'w'*'/'.5^SW?»»J***»« ^,j_A*,-iTM.ex\^t.timM&r I V T ^ I W ^ ^ ' W•>5•3SWr1W»«^S•WvftPi.**^ ^<.W^-?'<^'^-.-:vVvV;iv;./-.;:^Fulton New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com 