 NEW YORK HERALD.Mill OQ»PO» •U" aTATOB AMD MOfWB"*, tniliats are rcaking violent efforts at powerful say that taps far they have conducted them- writing on the editorial career and usefulness selves with remarkable decorum in their de-V. V. _» _t _fc B_"WA.J.IH.J^IIH. »ll * *tr_- Qf)tfini AHBFOLtra m*that a very largsBjpum has been contributed totost their way tn a thick dag.^ *-___SWt ^^A __^PBpB_r SSSWSW W ^ TM*^^~¥ ~TM~»"" ~ • TMF» ~*WTMAMVUCM KX Tt THTS rVTUTOia.1 f JSOOS—SCHOOk. U A* I'.'BO ASPALACS QABDSW, Fourteenth street.-Too At A » IsCAjrTKRBtJRT COHCMT 8AL00M, Mo.«3 Broadw»y—Ko. 444Row Work, Saturday, Jsxljr M8, IBM.The Hews.InleRigtncer a complete revolution has been effected in the American press, which has al- ready triumphed here, and is beginning to make ils impression upon journalism in Europe. The representatives of that revolution are the inde- pendent prees of New York, which constitutes an intellectual Congress in permanent session, where the events of the day are discussed, ilsto declare what his position will be In the pre-sent campaign, and they express their belief that,BROADWAY- l o s e s ,DASCSS, BsauMVSS,AcThe Illinois Gstbensntorinl Canvass. CarcuM, July ST, 1stWiden*tification.* of journalism, which h-ta been known of late years aa the (vmk formation. The pa- per itself baa been long looked upon as a very old fashioned curiosity, and its editor respected aa a pleasant specimen of bygone times. Neither the journal oor the man bore any othersrrai ow a ABnr,!*. Broadway.-AXA»«S os MI wo* relation to the present age than that of • pen-S M l L o r , AfWTK< « ."id K MX, sionerwho had known and talked face to faceW1STM OAKDBK. „. ^ _ _ loot Strseti- with oor grandfathers; and on this ground alonePresidency.NEWS FROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL.Our Special Wnnhlngtoa Ds»patcrt. Breckinridge paper, and working editor off K.41 B o n *'*AtS—l*i«"«f.Mi UX»-Jot«9 WALL ACTSTBBATBB, Broad-.ray.-TOOKHi/bMt _____LACB A EBXRVS THXATKB, Mo. BR Broadway.-OreWaswoiGVMr, July t7,1M0. CAUFAIB* or rraa.au—na rrmtaKnicketttcker RepuKica*.In 11tntion to Mr. Oongia i to Visit lBO-AW, July n , Ug*TAt a meeting held at Lowell hurt night a sensaissi wi appointed to invite Mr. Douglas to visit that c tr ._ _ „ aowXBT THXATKK. Bowery—JEAN Pr nr— an ado about his career comprehend theAtW>i.'«:—HASlHISS. sgeinwhich they Live andtheeventsBARfftnffl AXsTBICAN MUSsTW. Broadway-Day aad which are passing around them aa little -rrmiorus boaoa, DABCS*, I n M O T , LiriMas did the subject of their eulogiuma. Daring NATIONAL TABITtTIfR, fteaam street.~BACttrod'J the latter period of the lifetime of the NationalWednesdayseat.' •ner. Fresh meat was very scarce ia Rio, and the belongs to an entirely different order of things.nrice Lad risen to 20 and 22 cents a pound. Ac- It is the creation of our unparalleled socialCounts from Bahia and other provinces, where ttie famine is prevailing, are positively sickening. A CIM* is mentioned of a poor woman who, having become frenzied at seeing her children dying of starvation, actually killed one in the hope that hep: arrest might be the means of saving the lives of the others. The line of steamers between Rio and KJew York, it is expected, will commence running next December.By the arrival of the steamship Matanzas at this port last evening, we have advices from Matanz and Havana to the 21st iast. The general news unimportant. The Captain-General had returne to Havana from a tour of inspection to the b lcft*iats. The people turned out in crowds along the route to greet him. The health of Havana was quite bat^factory. considering the season. Th« Rugjar market at Havana was active, and vessel- in demand. At Matanza? business was dull, owing to the high prices demanded by holders of sugar and tiie scarcity of vessels.Our correspondent at Turks Islands, writing on the 19th inst., says:—The salt making season has been very favorable, and, although the consump- tion has been large, there is oa hand a stock of nearly one hundred thousand bushels. The turtle catch has been excellent, and the orders for Eu- ropean markets, via Barba-loes, Antigua, St. Thomas and Havana, have been many, at remune- rative prices."the barge T. C. Durant, of Coeymins, N. Y.,boind up the North river, took fire about half-past1 S o'clock last evening, shortly after leaving thegrowth, and forms a living part thereof. In Europe aa exaggerated individualism stimu- lates, controls and cramp;; th? social develope- ment. A Louis Napoleon in France shapes everything. In England a Palmerstoa and a Russell alternate in the direction of politics, a Brougham rules ia literature, aad ia every field some one or two individuals are found, beyond whom no colaborer must advance. Ideas are. in fact, ruled by men.Here, on the contrary, individualism sinks in the mass, and ideas rule all men. Individuals are prominent for a time, as they ride on or re^ present the ruling idea; but a new thought, a different intellectual impulse, another field of social developement, presents itself, and the lead- er of yesterday sinks into the crowd of follow- ers of to-daj. Hence Cie vitality, the many- sidedness, the influence, of the independent press of America. It cling3 to no man or clique, to nc idea or' school of ideas, as a per- manency. It discusses, analyzes, and accepts or rejects, events, idea?, men and things, as tfcey rfce. and, separating the wheat from the chaff, gives the latter to the wind and the former to the garners of intellect, constituting a perfect record and history of its time. It forms a part of our growth under our peculiar institutions, and on its part contributes largely to that growth, with a power which the stiff elabora- tion? of such old fashioned journals as the Na- VIO'.MI bittTiigrticer and its compeers never knewmake a live newspaper.Aa article in a New Vork paper states that Mr. Wil- lard's hotel bill for entertaining the Japanese hmbauy in Washington city amounted to $23,000 for twenty threeFlour qa.etwhite, 70c a 72c. for prime. Frovisiossactive. Whaler doll and heavy at 20;,c. a »\'cPaiLA/JEfscu. July £7,1M>» Flour dull and nominal. Wheat firm; sales 2 tM bushels red, St 10 a SI 29; white. *1 20 a SI SO Cora dull at 66: a 67c. Mess pork. S10 60 s S19 75; for new bacon, sides, 12'«'c a 12Sic; do. shoulders, 19>«c. vYa.*-ke? steads- at 21c. s S2c.A : S A A T , J I I 1 T » 7 - S P M Flour and wheat quite inactive. Floor 0017 se<.> Usupply the home trade. Corn q Jet sad s.'pply good sales 11.000 busliels Western m -.ed at 5>.\ a 00c Osw— Very little demand sales f 000 bushe's State at » ' / 4 40c. Whiskey—Sales of 100 bbis. at SOU'c, and 60 be*. at 20c. •Br-PAio, July S7, HM | Flour dull; no sales Wheat—New red winter flm.rake jesterday afternoon. HOOO bushels, at SI 05^. this morning, 12 000 bushels, at SI 0) •{ a SI 0?Y '""J to cho.ee corn better tales yesterday afterauoe, tt 0OS birsbeU Illinois, st 50c ; this morning. 600 bushes,st SOc a 61c for Illinois and 60c. for Toledo. Oats nominal st 2Zytc. Whiskey tteady isles 1M barrels at lft. CUaai freights lower; <0c. for floor. l l \ ' c for wueot, 10'i'- tnrk at the foot of North Moore street. TheiHaines spread rapidly, and the barge was runas&ore at Hoboken, when the fire was extinguished and never can achieve. Mr. Gales was a very by the Hoboken firemen. There was but little; gentlemanlv man in his way, but he co. id not freight on board, nearly all of which was saved.Tine damage to the barge will amount to aboutSJjCOO. There were fifteen passengers on boardthe barge, all of whom were safely landed at Ho]token.«• Brr-Ano, July 27-6 V M Floor dull and pr.ces unchanged: demand conria-M n home trade. Wheat firmer for new, the marvel ciocicou.et sal<3 16//.0 bushels at »t 08 for Canada club, SI 06 4 1 $1 10 for new red Ohio and new amber Indiana Carsractne sad firmer sole» 92,000 bushels at SO^c • *l Oats eas: T sales 2.CO0 bushels st SS.-. Whiskey steady sabs 60 bbls. nt lye. Canal freights unchanged. L»*< imports— 2.600 bbls. flour. 24,000 bushels wheat, 56.004 busuc-u- corn, CO,000 bushels oats.o-' BGO,July «7.1*W Flour dull and unchanged no na as of moment w"U*s' quiet and uac'iargc-0 sa'es 6,000 bashei* mixed I>e»J" and Western at SI 17 Corn quiet, at S2c\ a E: • <>»t> uncharged, iiarley in limited demand. Other gr».*)<quiet and unchanged Cinal fn-igbli d',-11 but »iu iisriij-l flour, iftr..r wheat, 6; ; com, 7',; to N«w York I.*** Imports—l- -.(..'"j bushels whisat and 6 6 .0 bushel* com. Caaai export-—ICO bbls flour and 1..261 buihels o mCiv->NAr,July 27. 1S60 Flrnr Li batter daman 1\i 14 c5 for superfine U'ou*>?Tthe Police Commissioners yesterday tran^actec. but little business of public interest. About ten orjtwclve sergeants were transferred from one pre!cuict to another, and a list of names of various captains, whom the Committee on Rules and Regu lat'on-. also suggest transferring, was submitted. chjiEge in the detective police will also, it is ,.i bejmade.Tax: PATCHI:> UP ALI !AJ.X£ r:, NEW JEF-SIT.—The alliance patched up a few days ago atTrenton. New Jersey, between the Americansand the democracy, about which so much fussis made, is silly in the extreme. There ougut Prince is almost as young as Don Juan.who. innot consent to be misled by a get of factious aspirants into a course that wil! secure the triumph of Lincoln. These roassee must prefer Breckinridge tc the republican candidate; and when they reflect that he comes with se- venteen Slates »afc at his back, how can they be so mad- dened as to throw away the opportunity cf a democratic triumph merely to gratify a personal preference, bv voting for a man vhofe election, either by the people or the House of K;-;>rc3eutativeB, is absolutely impossible.The HET-ALDof yesterday, in it* lead eg article, does not esangerate the danger of disunion, in the event of Lit coin'b eiction So tar from overstating the oase, I have no hesitation irfsayinj that the feelings and deter- minatioDf- cf the peop'.e in the elaveholding States run far\ork I '4 iwr cert pr* miam.DSK«-WI- Scrr.rs —''n Monday m..ra a? last *; tt* passengers were preparing to take t_ie cars at 3>»Jnl>. N". V.. for Ct'ca, a gentleman. w.u vemed tj be *1*>A 70 years of age, in presence of th •crowuat the dep->!, d> liberate'^ drrw a razor from tr pocket aidcut I n s u r e and thee quit tly stepped forward to et the M • d <>« v» the road rather than on the plat'y in. So paraiy**! wrr* the passenger? at this unexpected nnrror tha'. before at was interfered with the wretched man drew the rarr t second time acros> his threat, liithe- cut appeared IJ bt fatal He *a£ a iiti/.en of Li^j respe-"'-^b"'••*?• • H u the ne ghborhood of ltooa. lie, and no fa..-, can be ~t <ntd for tb. act (ur info-mant heard the gesOous'i name, but .t Las escaped biuiPolitical Keats.The Voupg Men's Democrat c 8ut<- Conn J5I"U. ei tb •State, will be held at St. Ni-holie Hill, Sa-Ajrw*. on tKft Tuesday. A large attendr uc? of deleft"*, is eiperted from aU tee counties of theStav, aad th> pffcc-«od.a«r- w. be of rnkch inUrett Tins Con ventins h»a bees brotv'- together under a call issued '<y the i >UOJ! MxT> pemoc.-»*-«: State Central Committee, acting on the ' ^ e s t . u n ot i—i Young Meu'o General Committer of New forteS*TRtTK BY LrcBTMNC- —During the rjorm of TU»r J»f Di-ibt tue Ightning struck a ia-g •vwvr-*»' "'-' Old, in tbe lawn and within a few f « i o f the re«* 1 >n>" o Charles Morjjau, i.*q , K»Mciiester. s.tnptfte.y ah V^S •t to pieces, and atunniug Mr. Mi>: c;—iS tarns >Personal IntelUger«ro»Judge Se. in, of Sioux City, lova,no»ij .'. Der.tu-'.'-Havana, are stopping at the A*ti * liar e 11**"^The Board of Cuuacilmen met la3t even! i referred a large batch of reports and paper*the Aldermen, which will be acted on at tue nexi sideling of the Board. The Deputy Comptroller neat in the usual weekly financial statement, fronj •wSkh it appear- that the balance in the city trea aury is t6T0,30U 57. The Board concurred withi the Aldermen in giving the Ninth Avenue Railroad; Cqmpany permission to run their cars on a trackwhich was temporarily laid in Fifty-fourth street, and also to the Central Park, when the EighthAtenur Railroad Company grant their permission., Aj resolution was adopted directing the Comptrol- ler not to pay any more money for cleaning theatteets by day's work until a contract for doing the! work is confirmed. It is stated that the difference' between the day's work aad the contract system is $70,000 in six months—the latter being the* cheap- en The Board adjourned to Wednesday.ttifm) of the Luge crop grown Inst year contains a ,-reat pnonorUon of inferior and ooanmoa qmUitisa. Floor wna Xr for State and.Western brands; the market was sc-at the wwBsstion; Sonttorn brands were unengaged •riot the demand was Bur. Wheat was easier and Ottr* sett**, at prices given elsewhere. Corn WAS irater, with pretty free salsa. *srk was Inss active an 1 b soynnt^9sssfn«wMHwsinBnndent|»ui dntw prime f|Wtheir strength in quarrelling with each other, irotead of uniting against the common foe. The result is that there L>every prospect of Lincoln being elected. If the election were to take place next week, nothing could prevent his election. As matters Btand now. victory is as sure to him as that to morrow's sun will rise. To overthrew him, the conservatives, whether they are democrat? or old Uoe whigs, or Americans or l i i o n si?ts, or by whatever name thev » v r be cJied, tcrst have but one candidate tt oppose Lincoln. If they adopt Ibis common sense plan before it is too late,Blewv V o r a t .T aor , July 2T, 1860.family, t f 1-ouiaHaa, t,en. W. V ¥ tm**, « CS*n«:i-' • Jauge Martin a>d J. Rothbnsn, toifc "-' A!»*a} ^ IH-ncan, of 1'itu.burg; J. E. TW^mjewa, of pund,iptr-a, Capt. Jsturs L. lay and Bsev^d'.r rtuggan, both e NaT-wicL.Ccan , are stopping s a U r st Nicholas Bot.-iCrl. E« ing, of tbs I nked f uvte* Amy. ant »*r. V- * 1.. Pabioe, «< Boston; k. W. Va.'*-r, E*-i .and tan-;'•* Alabama. Japt Jamea. shyimre. and Mas Judge *r'J both of Wash:igloo, $i tt,- j . vrorthiagt.-.n, f*u • *-i4:1 n.vly,of ClBC:ar.itl1t*d uWl. s E Cassauova. e! U-», a.* supping at th'.-r>ver ett House.Esq/, or Vi**ru]fc? and"Alfred Baker! Etq , aa ' »•'• (4 August*, I A , axe stopping at the Garenuou bo"Oc-firgia, are tton>ing at tbe Lafarf:' H" * 'RLV Mr !J».vic, pastor of a rUureh cemi v * Dc-'awarec.urt., M.V.,putfa;*w.IU«Biahi*00••l*«j- ;a . nThis community is always pretty well sup-plied with money collecting impostors, from tiiecounterfeit religious missionary agent down to be} cud the UgrtAJDs exposition of them. They doTfce cotton market yesterday waa. arm, while the galeembraced about 2 500 bales, closing stiff o a t a c basis oquotation* fives in another column. At last accounts thetUotifht still continued at the South, aad the belief in be-catmint prevalent that the present granting crop cannot constitution. The conservatives are wasting cnjna! that of last year. The stock: on hand (17S.000troubleaboutanolddebt. eaves a wife and one childWyattwasayoungman, and•14 «a OoBne was arm. A small lot prists oil *>]vemmeot Java sold at U S ' . A cargo of KM toM in Buttimore nt l i ' i a , and the cargo of the Caatpaaaro, ip ar-jrite here, at p. t Sugars were steady, wna nates of1100 a 1 B» hhdf., SMbosss aad 12S ahla. meUio, ttrates five* tn another place. Freights were Brnteriwteat, in nags, to Liverroo!. was taktB at W.^i., anoj they can defeat the rail splitter. If they do fi«nrataa.fd. Wbest t* Ginsgow and London at l»i.. in|and a will of his own. Let every lady there-AF a c t o r yDemolished. and Three Men •CHI—n o t nothingfa Bristol at 1*1., in bags. Another vessel was tatea up! defeat awaits them, and the election will neverA short time ago a new daily papeFwas startedin the city by some very pious people, and a verylarge srm of money was contributed to carryUntitled DocumentWe u.der*tand nowThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069cial resources of all the parries in the Ifleld, and for the very good reason that this party, having the largest stock of goods, would be most likelyamp's bags. A vessel was chartered to fill with whisjj fjwCwkiaadtnavketttlllthan that disastrousma HewThe c*vjitr7 editors and third rate citj jour-TH» Dnrrr WOBX or POLITICAI, EXJKT:O*KBR- LMJ —It u due to onr newspaper organs, orstors and stumpers of all parties in this campaign totlat another daily paper is about to be startedby another set of religtoe-ste—we cannot callthem of the very pious order- namely, felon.Robert J. Walker, his Excellency George N. San -ders end some others. This new journal is to be dertake to saiL Considering the one-sidedto be <• comp : en-. ;-. : i Tic arra ders ik .< r.e biocple ticket, and no artificial i contrivances to gain an en i which pp hed by open and direct meanshis travels, made such havoc among hearts; he is litae that hero, too, in being "handsome, slen- der, but well knit." and in having received a finished religious education under pious tutors. Little -Tommy." of the Japanese Embassy, upon whom the women of Washington made such a rush was. after all. not a real prince, and he cannot compare for a mement in good looks and accomplishments with the son of the British Queen.Who can say that the young scion of royaltynfcy not be smitten by some one of our Americanbeauties, and marry her. too. as Maria Theresamarried the youth she fixed her eye upon, inspite of every remonstrance, and as Queen Vic-toria married the man of her choice. Englishprinces generally hare had their marriage con-tracts made for them by their ministers withoutbeing consulted oa the subject Thsse mar-riages are generally contrived to seeuto strongnational alliances. But the Emperor LouisNapoleon took the hand of a woman who hadno royal blood in her veins, aad Prince JeromeBonaparte wedded Miss Patterson, an Americanlady; and there can be no good reason why thePrince of Wales should not follow these exam-Jomraaiisia-TheLireof the late Mr Galea, of Waehiagtoo,Thisgentleman and bis journal, the Nationalnunciations of each other. The confusion into ishith our political parties have been thrown, and the comparative coolness of the weather, may account for this remarkable spirit of com- parative decenoy among our conflicting politi- cians; but still there are some ugly exceptions to this general rule.We have a case before us. A wandering republican stumper, of the name of And re ws, is the man. It appears that in a stump speech delivered at Fishkill, the other evening, this vulgar fellow, not satisfied with Hie broad field of discussion fairly opened before htm, did not hesitate to invade the sanc- tity of the family altar. Thus he may be described as throwing open the doors of the house of Mr. Douglas, and as painting to theestimableandaccomplishedladythereofas a Catholic, "a confirmed Roman Catholic, very bitter," Ac.. Ac, in order to prejudic#4he minds of his anti-Catholic hearers af ainst one of the democratic candidates fox the Presidency. Can anything be said too strong in con- demnation of such baseness! If this manAndrews bad possessed any respect for the common courtesies of social life he surely would have recoiled from trespassing beyond the threshold of the family circle with his denunci- ations of its head. Mr. Douglas, as a public man, is a fair subject for public dbcuision; but bis house, for all that, is his castle, which should not be entered without permission, and then the man of honor leaves bis enmities, as he would lenve a pair of dirty overshoes, outside the door .of the democratic religion, and it is thought_•! fa. Mail**" War A* Intttligeneer, belonged to one of the older stra-Tronble Among tlu Osnceholnert M •Albany. "AiAAjrr, July 2T, IMS Much feeling has been expressed here te-day oa tt. «.moral of Messrs. MeQuade, Sigsby MdGataeyfrea Z Otjstos* House, sad the appoiataaesi of Messrs f W Griffin sad Btanchard. The three newly appoint* J Boerswereallpremmeet lathelaovesasatwhichdeftst. ed ErastBS Corning far Congress aad elected Jobs I Reynolds by a salsa with the republicans. Ose of tkt appointees is the editor of the AmttajCongress has admitted, year after year, into the estimates of public expenditure, an item for their support, b the shape of a sop of the pub- lic printing. The writers who are making such•fntuK course of Gov. Wise. The Breckinridge ansa say great Emperor of the West Charlemagne* a that Gov. Wise is soon to make nspeech in favor of their band of forty bandits, living in the adjacent candidate and a Southern confederacy, and against Lin- mountains,weretoentersomegreatfreecom- colnandDouglasandtheNorth,inmoreandsevererad-s ideas analyzed, and the bearing and develope- The European mail-, to the Uth iast., brought % meot of both logically demonstrated aad fore-the Africa, reached this city lasl ervening from Btea. The main points of the^nefwn, received ljy shadowed.telegraph via St. John- and Halifax, have already t>eca laid before our readers. The letter* of our iont-:»pondent* and the extracts from our file*, Siven to-day. furni.-h the detail**.Tlu City of Washington, which left Liverpool c|n fhe 19th and Queenatowu on the 19th Inst., for this fort, was. Intercepted off Cape Ihi'-c yesterday eiwning. Her advices are four days later thala (hose received by the Africa.The insurrection in Syria continued, and thefitrocities committed are fearful to contemplateOfficial information had reached the British govern-ment of a frightful massacre of Christiana at IM- form, but now published ia column', with a se- bond stump speaker. If the oampalgn maaaand who published his Intention to withdraw, bat. it si understood, in accordance with thbeiresolutions paaud at two Congressional Conventions, concluded to witMrse bis resignaticn and consented to ran as the ^SJIAMU for that office.Siascus. Five hundred persons were slain, amongitgers in behalf of Lincoln and Hamlin have any desire to maintain a respectable position ia this canvass, they will take this fellow Andrews, when he next repeats the offensive slang of his Fishkill lecture, or anything like it and put bim out; and if this will not quiet Ism. they may be doing him a service by giving him an informal baptism in the nearest horsepond.Our got erning classes, of late years, have brought our republican institutions into some disrepute among the nations abroad- Our beautiful system of free government has thus been held up as a warning to the people oftheir theirprint- hands,whom was the Dntch Consul. Was the American Consul.Among the woundedAt Naples the revolutionary element was ve: active. Another conflict between the troops a Citizens had occurred, in which several perso were hilled. The Ministry had been dismissed a B new Cabinet formed.There is nothing important from Sicily. Threje Keajvc'itan steamers—two of them merchantmen, the ether we infer to be a vessel of war—had joined ffce Garibaldians.We hare received no financial or commercial tew* by the City of Washington.Mr. Pangborn, the legal representative ci Governor zen has come forward, in the name Ford, the House printer, has notified Mr. .cart that he isprejudice and class affiliations. The only jour- file* of Bio Janeiro papers have come to nals in Europe which really publish independ-England.among the great Powera of the earth we must disabuse them of these false impressions. The heir to the throae of England is at our door. With an observing retinue of the English aris- tocracy, he Will soon be amongst us. If we would show tbem thai our political institutions are fully adapted to the highest order, civi- lization and refinement, we mist afford them an example of order and decorum in the manage-ment of our political agitations. In this view,for the sake of our good name abroad, it is toready to proceed immediately with the execution of all in the Supreme Court, demanding that the the work ordered. Mr. Heart has the subject under con- Major, Comptroller and Commonalty of the sideration, and after the question of injuact.on is settled to-morrow he wiU probably take the respoasibUity into his own hands, and not permit Larcombe & English tohand to June 12. There is no political or com- mercial news of any importance. Some excite- ment was caused by the preaching of some foreign Capuchins in the capital, who were bandied by a portion of the pnUic press in a pretty rough man-T omaintainour properpositioncity shall be forever restrained by due processof law from levying the sum of $105,000 uponthe property of our citizens, which the Com-mittee of the Common Council ask to be:in-serted ia the tax levy, for the entertaiamenti cfthe Japanese Embassy. We publish ia anothercolumn the complaint of Mr. Levi S. Chatfield.presented to the Supreme Court, in which;hemakes some startling allegations, the most pro-minent being that the Lelands charged the days. In justice to Mr. WTiliard it is but fair to state thatThe difference between the American pressaad that of Europe is very marked. ^e neeanot refer to that of France, for in fact no pre**exists in the present French empire. Journal-ism there has sunk into its aboriginal etate^— Andrew* be generally adopted as a rule of po- pamphleteering. All public and political ques- litical warfare, and the public cna who res- tions are now discussed in pamphlets, of whichThe Albany Wide Awake* tamed out is (rest nmnaen last night to attend the dedication of the Wigwaa stthree or four are issued daily, not unfrequentlyon the same subject la England, which boasts position in consequence of which the innocent of her free press, journalism consists of the and shrinking members of his household may elaborate essay formerly issued in pamphlet be expooed to the offensive ribaldry of a vaga-ries of stiff and formal Parliamentary and police reports, and advertisements attached, to make up the newspaper form. To reid understandingly any single issue of the leading London jour- nals, a man must have gone through a collegiate course, be familiar with the classics and ancient mythology, and have an extensive acquaintance with the titled nobodies of the Old World. The German press is characterised by an intense love of mysticism on one aide, and a violent ad- miration for impracticable abstractions on theother, and all of them are strongly swayed byI arcombe L English have closeding establishment, and diicnargcdand notified Mr. Heart, the Superintendent of Public Printing, that they cannot proceed further with the work. At the same time they refuse to deliver the work they have finished, which includes about forty thousand copies of the Oovode report and other work. They alsVdeclare that they will not deliver to Mr Heart, the legal representative of the government in the Print- ing Department, the copy of the variius wort;3 authorised to be printed by the House.The whole aaaVbasent articles and truthful expositions of events and ideas are some two or three that have been established under Russian influence.The independent press of the United Stateshold the government property to the public detrim»t-•• made in New Jersey onlyren- -.u.-. • ,ue more secure for Lincoln. from Tho proper course was to hive withdrawn Dell•upca by hiiu,N*« YOSK, July 2r,1860.AUGl'STM fcCHELUJand i ermit the conservative elements to concen- trate upon a single man. This is the only way the election can be won and Lincoln defeated. As for such ingenious devices as that adopted at Trenton, they only suggest the idea of a num- ber cf drowning men who cannot swim, r^ut splash in the water and grasp at every straw, or catch their companions by the hair of the head and drag them to the bottom with them- selves. The most ridiculous trash is seriously talked on this subject, and the politicians seem not able to rise to the height of the great occa- sion. In Peoa.\TMlrania alone do they seem to have narrcwed the contest to its true and proper limits—a conflict between the anti slavery principle and the principle of con- servatism, which would maintain unimpaired the institution of the South guaranteed by thethe spurious runaway nigger; but they turn ijp in fhoals in election times, like pickpockets atj a fair. Every political party needs the sinews pt war, and must. have them. Financial commit- tees and agents are therefore appointed to col- lect the contributions of the faithful; but it not unfrequently happens that some sharp-witted Jeremy Dtddler has travelled over the beju aligned to some legitimate carrier of the lo4gnot find veut m noisy vaporings or violent threat*", but their calm resolve is more to be dreaded than the most clamorous defiance The I'nion may be r.ireu and shiver- c J by tbe-1'gbtiiing of their indignation before the thun der is heard.Tho int< r;ti ms of Spain in regard to Mexico are attract- ing much attention. That Power i-, evidently not disposod U> tre*it the wishes or feelings of toe I a: tea States govern- ment with much ceremony. The cairture of African sla- vers in Spanish waters has chafed the old Castilian pride not a little; and the Spanish authorities would undoubted- ly be willing to defeat the designs of our government in every way, witLnit running the hazard of open rupture.is more certaingo into the House of Representatives.NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JULY 28, I860.But let the bad example of this vulgar fellowhim to rush to their side; that their position was a grand one, and unexampled. He alluded to Dougtat in his con test against Lincoln as the "gallant leader" of the de- mocracy,firmlyfronting the foe and battling to maintain conservative nationality. This letter, as a whole, is very rich. Mr. Forsyth republished it on Saturday last in the Mobile Rtgitteif of which he is editor.1 3 2 BOC'Sa PKINTING IJTCKOCUO.The eubiect of the House printing will come up in the Circuit Court of this district to morrow for settlement, so far as the application for an injunction is concerned.return,st one o'clock ia the morn ng,,they made ahaad- Boi.ie parade through the streets of this city.T h e \ \ l d e A w a k e R a l l y a t H a r t a V r e l . P HAXTFOSO, July 2T, 1B99The Wide Awake rally to-night was ens of the ffrsadss afiairs of the campaign. The large camp, which holei three thousand, was l.tera.'y pac-ed. and crowds wwe unable to gain admittance. The meeting was «1fl leaw by Senator Foster, Lieutenant Governor Cat! in and serf ral others. Several preeentatiM". Mere made front tat Hartford Wide Awakes and the citizens of Hartforj w» the Newark Wide Auakes, and s flag from Newark to tks Hartford Wide Awakes. A grand torchlight processes came off, after which the vi: t:ngW.de Awakes were served to a splendid collation.been a complete success.Anothcr Horrible Affair ia ISnsanehnsetts. Bsssss, July tT, list.Martha Alien, aged seventeea years, died suddenly at Mansfield, and was buried. Circuautances lead the Owe- ner of the county to order the bod? to be disinterretf when it was found that she died from oa attempt tn procure an abortion. An inquest wiU be held to morrow A youna man in Mansfield has been arrested as the iu*n- gator of the crimeVisit off Canadian! to St. Lou Is.ST Lons.July27.1**»A party of seventy international excursionists, cos posed of members of Par! ament, various public oAcen. members of the pres3, prominent agricultaristt sat others, from theCsnsdas, arrived here this afternoon, and viEited some of the princ pal objects of latere* Tbe excursion was projected by J. B Austin, of the f i - noU, Central Railroad, in connection with the M cU.„-»_ Central and other Western road- The party leavet Be Iowa on s special train this ever. ing.Weatber Report.St Jossrs,K.F.,July2f,1M9W>nd southwest. Foggy. Thermometer 70 derrem Weather clear at Cape Race.Markets.Bau-moai. July 27, ISoSpects himself will sufficiently respect his fami-ly to withdraw in contempt from any publicwithin hearing of any such vulgar stump ora- tions as that of this maa Andrews at Fishkill.THE PRIXC:: or WALES A#C»SG TUE L*-> ES.—Itinto between these gentlemen and some mem- the Embassy in the Inited States, including $6,068 forthem also be ready to be taken captive by the "boyish" charms of nineteen years. Theandjinancial aid" to the cause of Breckinridge nod Lane will do well to read the following:^—11 CACKOH.A person calling him ?!! Mr. Ma&oa is soliciting moneyfor the use, a^ he 8*ys, of the Brecktarilgo aad Lane Na- tioua! Executive Cocuuiittee. As be is acting entirely witbojt authority from said coounittee, toe trieedsfof tuose capcUlate* are cautioned against being imposMcatch a prince is no common achievement.Mr. Mason." no doubt, resolved to devote hint-PHinADBuma, July ft, 1-JSO. The new factory of Potts & Klett, at Cooper's Point, near Camden, was demolished duriog the thunder storm. yesterday sitcrnoen Eight men took shelter from tue rain therein, of wbra Xhtt* wero kilied,%nd thr«o s*.rimisry injered. The building was SCO feet long. bum. $4,000.The Rert-at Escape of Boys from the Xiocheatcr House, off R » f * g e .ROCHE.-no.. July 37, l^eo Of the ninety throe boys wbo escaped from tb/ w>,tem House of Ilofuge o»j wedne-sUy a\\ bare OSdT. returned hut s.-Vfec.it on.lieve, very prosperously.to ehtil out handsomely.It is progressing very well, and, we be-Ing aud started tar church b»i« i-jit *urjisv rnorulng•* Lk •^ S Hswing of this Presidential contest none bnt therepublicans are disposed to bleed very freely, sustain it Out of tins ten millions of dollars so that the necessity is all the greater for the which Robert J. Walker was to give protection of th# legitimate financiers of the to that grand Pacific Railroad project Breckinridge party, the Bell party, the Douglas some time ago, it is said that one million party, the Homion party and the Gerrit Smith is to go into this newspaper estoblishment party, against all such strolling impostors asGeorge N. Sanders, who has a large [and very varied experience in political affairs, is to be the manager, and he is going to smash up all the other daily papers and elect Douglas to thethis "pes&on calling himself Mr. Mason,"JA T AXKSKi nnsamiiffiAtRucer-fOBSWTNDUS OrT U BCocwr.—If, in the days of the Arabian jmof narch Haroua-ei-Raschid, or in the days of themercial city of the East or West hi white hats and yellow gloves, and, driving through the Broadway of one of those cities, should de- mand a levy of $105,000 from its citizens, it would be quite natural—it would make an in- teresting tale for the "Arabian Nights Enter- tainment." and old women and children would read it with terror and alarm But that, in the middle of the nineteenth century, a band of forty politicians, reared in the stews and hells and grogshops of New York, dressed up in white hats aad yellow gloves, should chme down upon this enlightened metropolis and de- mand $105,000 from its hard working people, its industrious mechanics, its toiling laborers, its merchants and its sewing girls, is a great and monstrous outrage—the moat impudent swindle that was ever perpetrated upon aaj ia< telligent and over taxed community.But if this thing were to occur in the aacleat days we speak of; if forty bandits from the moun- tains were to enter a city of Haroun-al-Raschid or Charlemagne, and succeed in carrying off $105,000, they would despatch a posse of their swiftest aad bravest troops after the robbers,catch them, and hang them oa the nearest tree, in their white hats and yellow gloves, ail in* a row, as they deserved. But what shall we do with our forty brigands, who seem to grow bold- er every day, and whose next feat may be a descent upon the banks, the Custom House or the Assay Office?Happily the white batted and yellow gbyVed bandits of New York have not yet: secured their prey. One taxpaying citi-jectives than be ever before spoke; wUi.e the Virgin-friends of Douglas assert, with the greatest degree orconfidence, that Gov. Wise has not authorized any person The democracy of Seneca county held aa ijof all. and gives notice of motionenormous sum of $?1.000 for boarding the Ja- panese at the Metropolitan Hotel for a periodbe hoped that our distinguished visiters fromEngland, when they come, will not be brought of ten days, and that an agreement was enterjed expenses incurred by the government during the stay ofstores and outfit fur the voyage to Japan, was $11,181.TTtS CS.NSC.S.No CCQSUS returns bave yet been oflRc ally rece ved by the Superintendent The Marshals W;l' comaieuie their transmissions In August.St. Johns by bis winning attentions no less than in fact, we presume that the Lelands will meet Mr. sutthew Leeper has been appointed agent for theseems that the Prince of Wales Ls a ladies' man.and has produced a sensation among the fair at literally correct* If it has no solid foundationby his "particularly brilliant ha~el eyes." He i3 quite a beau, aad "a very graceful aad accom- plished dancer," as he proved by the way he whirled the ladies through the ma^e.- of "poetry in motion." He set them right when they went wrong, and every now and then he called out the different figures of the dance. His dancing was "repeatedly cheered," and every time he danced he took a different partner—half a do- zen in all. How they must have been capti- vated by so sweet a prince, as he condescend- ingly "corrected their blunders." Probably the ladies of Newfoundland do not know much about such matters, and the sex in Canada are but little in advance of them. But when the Prince come? here he will find the ladies posted up—fully acquainted with all the new figures and,,the most intricate steps. They have per- fectly at their toes' ends the latest p j s from Paris, and perhaps may be able even to teach his Royal Highness something he doe3 not know. We advise the ladies, therefore, to be prepared, armed at all points, that they may show theit with a prompt and full denial.We are glad to know that this infamous swin-dle is about to be ripped up and exposed in the courts. Let us have every member of the Joint Committee of Aldermen and Councilmen. the Inlands, the livery stable man who fur- nished the carriages, the hatters aad glovers who furnished the Aldermen, all upon the stand, until we discover in what way the city was to be cheated out of $105,000 for a ten days spree of the Corporation. Let every item of this monstrous bill be criticised^or, if the com- mittee refuse to furnish they items, then let the whole amount be wiped out, as with a sponge, by a perpetual Injunction, and let the indivi- duals who trusted the Aldermen and Counell- men look to these respectable and responsible parties for paymeat. Ia no case should the taxpayers be burthened with such aa infamous piece of robbery; and we hope the court will protect them in this suit.•/ichitas aud other Texas Induina, looted on tli? lands leased from the Choctaw?bers of the Common Council whereby the lat- ter were to receive one-third of this amount for auditing the bill. Can this charge be true, or upon what foundation is it based, it it be hotTHT3 "PER&OSJ CALLING HdUEi.u Miu MA- Breckinridge. Mr. Douglas will certainly fail to Carry a SON."—Such of our readers as may be disposed Bingle State, exc.-pt, perhaps, Missouri, And 3urely thePrince cf Wales that they can dance betterthan the damsels of the British Provinces. Let to contribute something in tiie way or "material masses of the people who now favor hi* pretensions will corn. I're'ghts unchanged. Sight exchange oa Ne»We are beginning now to realize toe evils resulting from the insane opposition by the Senate to tha treaty bag, and has disappeared with the proceeds of negotiated by Mr Mcljane. Had Mr. Buchanan's pol.cy boeo duly f-upported by tne Senate, the present difficultiesbis labors after having glean**^ the field.We apprehend that, in this campaign, the re- publican party will be taken in and done f<j>r by many pretentious loafers with their boister- ous professions in the cause of "human free- dom;" that the Bell-Everett party, scanity as a^e their resources, will be made to suffer occa- sionally; that the Douglas democracy, whose funds were exhausted in working up their Balti- more nomination, will be cheated here andwould have Li-en avoidedAaaasatnatioat In Concord, rV. H. COMOED, July 27, I860This morning about fire o'clock Jamee M. Williams, a merchant of Warren. N. H. stepped op t^ Mr. Wyatt and shot bim tbroogh the heart with a revolver He died instantly. Williams is under arrest. The cause was1Harrison Ebermtn, a trustee of the village of WAter ford, Saratoga county, New York, and trackmaster an would greatly strengthen the en'<•></<? pordfo'.e there by ?ome plausible chttxiUer dHruIdstr^ the Btns&eltaer and Saratoga Baiiroad, was shot deal in but the Breckinridge party, with oar deml)-' one of the- streets of that place, this afternoon, by a manples. His alliance with an American ladybetween the United States and England, and would be the most judicious and sensible thingnamed William Vanderwerkeu. The latter, who was ia cratic commercial and financial classet in the^r toxieated, ordered M*. Sherman to desist from certain sidewalk irrprovemects near his premises. Mr. S. con- interest, and with the federal administration at tinued to do his duty, when Vanderwerlcen shot bim inhe could do for his country.else, he would thus prove that he had a mindsuffer from these vagabond collectors of party fore put on her most bewitching smile. To subscriptions. This "person calling himselfIf it were nothingthe breast. The murderers!* La custody.their back, will be the party most likely ^oself to the Breckinridge movement, sifter a di^- AKOTHFS NSW DAH.T PAPEB IX THE flELD.— libeiate investigation of the comparative finan-'•'caution," we presume that this "person csli- iTAg lAuneeif Mr. Mason" will be looked after, and all of his craft, whatever the aliases they may assume, and under whatever flag they may un-The Prince s>fthe Priace of Wales' sqaadrso passed Capeo'clock last evening The Hero eat bearded ,,!* newa yacht, sad sasssapB from Ue tqaadrsa w s r , ^ but sot till sine o'clock this otortLag, tan crew t>oocaaa or oor. woa.sThere are conflicting reports from Virginia about thealthough he is a very erratic man, he will not George Ocpwajr sad others addressed the peopis. 'ga-oppose Douglas, because most of hU friends are played, bonfires biased, cannon ioared, and ai ^ ^displayoffireworkstookplace.supporting Doug! tt. The friends of the tatter also ai »rtthathisvotewillbebetweenthirtyand fortythousand,and that Bell and Evei .'tt wiU consequently carry theState handsomely. The republianns look upon the fightin Virginia between the Breckinridge and Douglss partiesas the woman viewed thefightbetween her husband andthe bear. Douglas' friends qcote Wise's letter addressedto the Douglas democratic committee in LI.sou In 18'Sas an evidence of his friendship to Douglas and bis principics. In that letter he said he could not express the emo-tions or his bosom excited by the appeal of the Douglasdemocrats for a.d in the warm contest they were wagingagainst abol-.tonisnu; that every impulse prompted Troy. Some five hundred went up uniformed. On theirtH* RtPOBTZD COSSPTHACT IS Tr IAShumbug gotten up for political electTHK JA?aJrtCB£ I T WILLA.U>'.«his bid was only S8.U7 for twenty four day3, or $542 per day, and hi3 rooms were kept vacant s i or eight days previous to the arrival of tha Japanese The wholeThe telegraphic report of an abolition conspiracy ia northern Texas is viewed here by Southern men as aKSW MILTIABV POST.Lieutenant P_asom has btei ordered, wi:h a d;tach corn to New York. Imports—1 000 barrets Sour. 61 000meot of recruits, to the Big Timbers, onthe Arkaaws, where the War Department is establishing a m.'.itary post for the protection of government and emigrant trains.Onr \\ ashington Correspondence. WASHLSUT-JS, July U, 1860.77ie Chancs oftfrxkinridge and Lane—The Dttnqtr vf Uit vrtion i" Lincoln fc Elected—Spuix and Maw, AcJohn C. Breckinridge can be elected the next President of the United States. But to that happy consummation it is quite indispensable that our friends shouid be resolute and firm. Success with him is desired by millions of hearts, free in their choice and disinterested IJ their mo tives; but success oa principle is absolutely essent.al to accomplish the purposes for which the defeat of Lincoln is required. Let the true nations' democrats, then (whose candidates eater the field of conipetit on for the non slave holding St At es, w ith seventeea democratic States sure to cast their electoral votes for tlicm).on'.y be firm, ener geticand steady, and the other element of opposition t-^ republicanism mu3t unite with us, or admit, by faUia? to do so, that they are willing to gi. e a handle to the com mon enemy Thepronun<iamie*Uj issued frora thU city by the political managers of the "L.ttleGiAut" me*a.s that they are ready for anything except the election ofbushels wtKit, 1>« 000 buabeli corn, 1 000 bushel* s s u . . rS h o c k i n g A s s a s s i n a t i o n a t W a t e r f o r d , IToa. C M IngaiT'ill, <•( Nee Ha\TI . t*n- BE. :• T *->1DonglasRatSiflcataonMeetingia restarts;•^"^ TAUM' h T-i Mr », Douglas ratification meet ag at this pises lastOver three thonsand persona were present. o*i Church, Bra. D. A. Ogden, A. N. Loddiagtss-_ ..Francis A. Hoffman, who was nominated by OK sat nominated e y o a salRepublican State Convention for "'r Lieutenant Gofers*Republican Demonstration nt Troy. Auurv, July 37, liftWheat steady. Corn quiet; yellow. SV ,Fxporte—6CO barren fleur 40 00 b.suetS wheat, f.-.OOt buiheU; corn and 0.000 bushel? oat£.at 16*fc mand.f>i-07i3ia-is quiet bnt drm Money in faird- Cff:c\uo, IJLJ i'. H>)IloiirSO.OuObnsLeUred in store Corn dell ar>d ,<•;- a l e ''iwer- st>s-VHOS bushels at 43c a 42J<c 1^ store, oatf steady. Re«e;|M.*- 800 bbls- flour, 26.000 boiheU wheat, «5 OCO i.uHi.-u corn. Stipme-ui—8J300 !»u- he!s wheat. 116 O-X) b i--ii 4-act.veWheel qc et and d>^clin«d 1<- s s . *at 91c. fcr Ko„ 8; r:n*. and $1 for N .. I www.fultonhistory.comCollectorSchell,bqvever ,havingissuedl i snot be*n htar J of or sevn **r-eItZftfwd Ui 