 KEW YORK HERALD.Viae•••Mil He Iwaport, •Us***-.Mur«ntent a\t t h e governed States, having difVreat social oig*ai- zatiouB,canliveinpoeticalbrotfterhoinl. Ta-T-e Crtolo »• Owr K»tion»I ASTals-i-HowThereisnolongeranyrealorpretendedta- guardtberightsoftheslaveownerin pursuit •go we bad four Presidential partiesLaJ A M B SC J O K O O KFOITUB A*D MtOfHIBtOR.of his fugitive- Their Legislatures will be in the field-* Northern republican party, athe Southern States arising out of tbw elwstioo ofMr. Ljncolu to the Presidency. Io SonMaOar-i ticut snd Rhode Island, which meet in May; of cratic party, and a conservativeT B * A T M.Bowerf.-SrALBOW* BOOMSWALLA*'*'* THBATBB. •w_4T»»y.-I->«-»»«0:««- BPRAA »RU~TV .___.l_4VB- _-i«jrm THBATSB, no. SM Broadway .-finr •II' A*» fASCT—TOOBtK* A PAl-HR.WCW BOWKR* rHBATBg, Eto-ferr-THi BtUFrout ASD TUB THROM—VA-RJIIUI- A»B OR*OM—BLACK BYSDBus. * ________perlence, and, at the mandate of the Amis d»s lowed, with what good result remains yet to be Nirirs, io the National AAeembly, the political fully developed; bnt we see tbe firrt fruits ofand social fabric of the French coloniea waa the opening ot friendly relations with Japau in overthrown. The interests of colonial society tbe gocd feeling manifested by the governmentCABTBRBUKf lH)M«!KKT SALOON. C63 BfOA-WAJ.-• « w T o r l k . n o n « i « r . • • - • • _ * • » 1 9 MMMf.Ttte N«w».O r despatches this morning Bhow that the seni-ruent of secession has in no degree abated in the Bouth. Senator Fitzpatrick, of Alabama, haswrit- ten a letter recommending resistance, but desires that the flfte»n Southern States should first hold awhite man has been driven from the island, s o ciery hat degenerated into a congregation of tbe ignorant and inferior blacks, where the rite of marriage is unknown, and religion has lapseatromChristianitytofetishworship,Appalling as la the picture that St. Domiogopresents to the world, it was not enough to stay Use march of the anti-slavery fallacy., This was taken up in England, and, seizing upon the conscience of the British people, It proceededfeelings towards tbis country.We can readily imagine that these sentiments of good will wilf be increased tenlold when tbe Cmba»sy returns with Its account of tbe grand receptions it m et with all through the country, and all the Princes saw here. The statementsof the officers of the Candinmarruh, it appear?, created quite a revolution of opinion la tbe minds of those opposed to the treaty, and webeen much in tbe habit of boasting that the American people were tbe first to give to the world tbe glorious example of a free popular government; but what cause for boasting will webave if we should nowbeforced iutothe humiliating confession that, after all, the govern mesf which our fathers framed with so mtich wisdom and through so many sacrifices was not capable of existing longer than the ordinary lifetime of a mat '• Present indications are thatfa!!>i arid frequentlysiring can leam them ly simply referring to it. If my past assertions cMab< no credit,present ones trill be treated no better."How does Mr.-Lincoln know this? Has he ever promulgated his views before as PresidenttbeelectionofaUnitedStatesSenatorbyan shakenIntoruinsbythegeneralearthquake? Illinois Legislature? Standing upon tbe verge These momentous questions cannot be com-ot tbe revolution of this glorious confederacy, prehended in the brief limits of a newspaper in consequence of Mr. Lincoln's election asthe article. A great resolution is upon us, involv-I t SB I f W _ t T T ,The flag of Independence has been hoi'ted at Charleston amid deeening anouta from altbreaking up, eveo io peace, of th* Arn^i^u Uoion.and It will ca ry with it the failure of—o-VW-wTlf a* *fxrtvUffrLet no man in the North or la the South mis- .,,...' ... '/,. ttvtimft both U>htrlwtt pttft'tff,' <*' take the deep Import of the mighty n_or*m«otthority. The populace of Charleston have, with a eir.gnlar unanimity, declared against any furtherconttmi»ne*intheUnion,andoavein augu rated the new movement by substituting the palmetto fhg for the stars and stripes. Allthat ift wanted lor tbe final consummation of the wceWion programme is tbe formal act of ibe 8r*te Convention, whioh i« to assemble on the 17th ot December, and ooeeibly the ratifi- cation of such act by the people at the batlot box And no one who ha« observed the courae of things in South Carolina for the last fort night can rea*»nably entertain the Idea that there will he any difficulty or delay either on tbe part of theConvention or ot"the people.0;ber Southern States, ae for instance Georgia. Alabama.MississippiandFlorida,arereadyto follow where South Carolina may lead There may be still a strong conservative element in those StaWwhich would restrain them trom precipitate action; but the first attempt to coerce South Carolina into submission to tbe fe- deralgovernmentwouldhavetheeffectofneuhope tbi* will be done. It will remove the pre- practically disbanded. Lincoln's election hat text which Southern States have for secession, merged ail parties in the Sooth under tbe<»; f \/ i, yi>TI< K tflr-n nf tt'i'Mj/mt'iM Htrrttpantlenrt. Wt do not lug upon the great §trag*le of Belf-pieew**-paramountideaofSouthernsafetywithout,if not within the Union, The distinctions betweenfaed community InJOB rRISTlNG.iT* uud ttith mmtaeu, ehmpneMandOt- tury ago the fallacy of the anti-alarery move-i,i:,fornia and Earaanm i W i w . . . ej._*•*world. Nearly a%oiwrn. XXV3'43meat ftrrt began to be agitated In Earopeaa communities, that know really nothing of the JpacJtiei and habits of the African race, or ot the political and social exigences of communi- ties where It inhabit* io oommoo with the white. Amid the bloody derelopement which the first French revolution exhibited to the world, itprevailedoverthecounselsofpracticalei-Lincoln's election has abolished and done away with the Breckinridge, Bell and Douglas parties, and has created two new parties through-out tbe Scuthern States—a party In favorcession and a Southern confederacy, and a p a - y ia favor of another and a ootnprebersiTe effort to secure tbe rights and the safety of the South-___U«BIIB*TK ran VTMMIMQ.sel ofport This was tbe beginning ot friendly rela- tions with an Oriental mtion hitherto governed by the most" ex&lurive policy towards foreign countries. ThemissionoftheAmbassadorsfolof ae-WTBLO'BWTBTSB VIII.BOWBBTB«t;R~r*uJ» Taoer* ______« A K l i t * QAJIDBB._w__»-»_f.—HA-OST. Bw_4w»y.~no««tiiooiJ—HorsrVthat has been begun. It la not rebellion la the usual eenae of that word. It is not a factions desireonlytorepealcertaindistastefulorh»*ed«id win ta initselfaporeactofjustice.After tbin. a great National Convention can beheld, in whioh all questions can be discussed the supporters of Breckinridge. Ball and Doug- nod placed uprn a fair and friendly basis. las in the South have suddenly disappeared.,r » i r u r » PdltKWH UOKBiarOllRWt* ARKKit, l*I»i> fU PEAL AIX LJETTKSS A ID PACR- laws. It is the throe* of a whole society enter hiue and propose to the whole people the ne-A/trKUTisKMKitTs re*****tmtm<fai[j mmmummmug »....< in tht vtiT-iLi HKII*U>, FAWU-V Hs__u>. <«<I«I»<tion. and its echoes will be felt la «Tery drli-State for Breckinridge, Bell or Douglas has iaterte; and, in tbe meantime, let the people ceased to be of the slightest practical momentt h ec e nprotested against the black wave of barbarism that waainvolving them in rain, bat they were weak, and had not the power to resistand people there towards us, on the return ofindependent prtss to point out the course of safety.MB LINCOLN ON HIS DIONTTT.—In a despatch from Sprkigfield Illinois, dated the 17th lust., we are told that Mr. Lincoln remarked to-day to a vieiter. in regard to an expected public definition of bis policy in advance of his inau-MKiual. as follows:— During the last six years Ilove placed my views on all public questions soand measures they can bring to bear to prevent their Southern brethren from "precipltatiog the cotton States into a revolution " It is pro. bable, too. from present appearances, that Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky and Tennessee will find themselves unable to arrest the " cot- ton States." but w i t soon be compelled, if not to join them, to sustain them In the overt act of the dissolution of tbe Union.In this crisis, then, of general apprehension that the days of this Union are fast drawing to a close, and that Lincoln's inauguration will bringthemtoanend,what becomesofthisre- maining party of tbe late Presidential canvass, tbis domineering, boastful and overwhelming anti-slavery republican party of the North ? What is it worth in view of the future ? Can it survive this shock of the dissolution of thisThe fight tor the championship of England re-sulted in favor of the Staleybridge Infant in a short Invaded the pulpit, then they got into the provided for the election of a State ConventionItUtleofonlyliverounds. Wegiveafullaccount schools, and sought to bend the young inDecember,andforthemeetingthereofonelsewhere. x Blind of the rising generation to their By advices from Tampico, Mexico, to the 10th bias, and finally they were able toInst., received at New Orleans, we learn that $4CO,000 of the funds by the conducta, previous- ly reported as robbed, had arrived at that place. The American Consul had claimed the coney asthe property of American citizens, but the other consignees demanded a portion. A re- port had reached Tampico that Guadalajara had finally been captured, and General Marquez shot.We have received a communication from our Bait Lake correspondent, under date of the 26th cdt., giving the details of affairs in and about that place. The sews i_ of no particularjpublic interest. The Mormons, under their leader, Brigham Young, lose no opportunity to delay and obstruct the fede- ral judges in the administration of justice to offend- ers. The new Judges are no exceptions to the self-will of Brighun, and at the lait accounts one of them, Judge Crosby, was aubiect to some annoyance in the issuance ot a writ ordering a stay of proceedings in • case where the "chief Mormon" was an interested pirty. TheMormonsappeartohaveadoptedthe resolutionofnon-intercoursewiththeGentileswho camewiththearmyayearortwoago,andsince the departure ofthat body they have been some- what dependent on Mormon pitronage: but since con intercourse is the order of the day with the ••Saints" they have experienced rather bad luck, and are leaving the Territory as fast as their money and facilities will permit.Thecrisishasatlength reached thepulpit AS aninstance,yesterdayeveningtheRev.Mr.Sloane, of the Twenty-third street Third Reformed Presby-the 17thof thesame month, to determine whether the State shall or shall not se-take hold of political parties. Thepages of our history mark their steady pro-gress. They were tolerated by communitiesthat at first rejected them; then they dividedthe churches that had broken the bread and doubt Alabama has also provided for the taken the cup of the Lords sapper at the samewhichtheirwiterandmorepatrioticfatherses P.ockIsland Galenatablished? Are the peace and progress and Toledo46 26 '20 is bisprophet! 83 57 '.668 18 20terian church, preached a most violent sermonagainst the Sooth and the institution of slavery,Luwhich he declared that the hand of God was inV ? present disunion movement, and urged theNorth to come out boldly and show its hand. The tish West India colonies in social construction, vLole sermon washeavily tincturedwithGarri-the Gbirtqul project are likely to ocrapy attention at the coming session of Congress Some rich developemsatsBoniansentiments. Thechurchwasdensely crowded.A public meeting in aid of the Irish Society—an c: ganization established in 1818 for promoting the Scriptural education and religious instruction of the native Irish, chiefly through the medium oftheir own language—was held last evening at S t Verge's church,Stuyvesant square,Be?. Dr. Tyn_r presiding. Anumerousaudiencewasinattendance. IT. Tyng staled the object of the meeting, and fn- trcdnced Eev. Mr. Gubbins, the agent Of the Bccieir who-n»kir .&a tour of the United Statesit is unlike them In the fact that it is not physi- callyweak. Itpossessesnotonlynumerical strength of population, but these participate in all the moral and material elements that con- stitute the intellectual and physical power of communities at the present day. Nay, more: In the great staple product of its agricultural labor, cotton, It posse*ses one of the greatest elements of wages in the free comjnn^gg o f the earth. Even a short del*; In its tiansmis-&Z 7 3 !t&of wnw of the most powerful na-tions of theearth offtheir social balance; andber),andweanticipate intheannualmessage ofMr.Buchanansuchsuggestionsinbehalfof conciliation and Union as it will be well for Congress to act upon at once. In view of tbe rapidly increasing flames of this Southern con-federacyparties of the people of tbe South, the onesOfonethingtbeSouth isjustified In com-plaining; and that is, that instead of the North-ArcrtiA,Ga„Nov.17.1880 •TBvery county except one u>Georgia fives a maiorlt/ agalaatBreckinridgeofnotleasthanS600,perhapsacation of the wisdom of the theories upon which it hi organized. Like the old French and Bri-ment that may possibly save the Union. In ad cians have had it ail their own way, and hencevance of the South Carolina Convention, Con- tbe present critical condition of tbe country. gress will reassemble (first Monday In Decem-Tbe Presidential OBOBota.ElectaNEW YORK BEBALD, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19. I860.0!FICKV.W.C«>KM«UjVrTLTOStA»BASSACSTS. classesofpeopleandsalvosofartillery,and tbe»r*ebcrnhopes-f maaeverywhere tioafederalauthorityetandRnowbuttbesha-NewHampehire,whichmeetsinJane,aadof Unionparty. Batwherearetheseparties7>sow? The republican party have triumphed in the overwhelming election of their Presiden-••the Star Spangled Banner" and "Hail Oolum Next in order comes tbe wc*ssity. if the Union ,,, ,,.1,'u.-- .HUM* •#** '•» Jwn*7 willy tit th' bia " are fait oeaetog to awaken the leaUmeot ,nu, be absolved, that it be dhwlvetl io peacedow of a name The torts, the Caetom Bon«*And the Post Offices are still held, to be sure,in the'tame of the geoeial government; butbeyond these there is no recognition of it* au- poeal* to repeal those obnoxious laws. W e other parties of the canvass are dispersed aadJW, .' <' tk'fk till* eurrtmt in At* Yorkt.rv r~„tf prr cojjjf B f ; «*'»•«»ol national pride in the hearts of our Southern brethren.A union of sovereign and equal States, held together by force of arms is an anomaly that we cannot call into existence. The immediate object, therefore, which ail men should strive for, both North and South, is a National Con- v. i lion of all the Slates, to take loto coptde- ration existing evils and dangers, and to comUh 1 \'•I. I HtH.tLVit / >A/.» fnh'U.lt>*.A • ',„,f/„1»>llf*•w/ZLfo/tackmonth at*U .t*//i HHt.il.'«>. M"Ml*Kwfo>»t«l/o«r«-f«'*I""'*/. i ».•i <OH Iff > POMlKftrK ttmHrming impmUn>' ,. >•,/ i . •,„ ,.,,4<t-i.itl"rtff thevorht; </' -**» m"'/VBABKUM'M AJIKBK-AII «__BTJMJ I JBroMwmy.-0»J u dBTCDIBJ-ACTKL CBIUDiiBa-UTIMIfi CB-ItWItlBS *C— ROM The anti slavery fallacy, supported by alltb- cut us in poweesion ot the fact that the Tycoon placing those States alongside of ber la herB I « U LBRT A«T8' »l«KTHItL«, -«____»• H«U. «Tl Bro_dW_y.- BC>LD(|l*-t. KO»GS PAFCE<, AC—t'SKD CTpower of the French republic, triumphed over them, and S t Domingo has presented since that time a spectacle which has <been a warning to-«-nt tome of his highest officers to our Minister io thaLk tbe authorities and citizens of San Francisco tor the manner in which tbe steamerdtrugitlee egainst the federal power.There is, thernore, no blinking the startlingHOOLBT A CAMPBELL'S MW8TBKL Bro_rtw»y — fe.TU1oriAJiHftHM. D_JIC-V LOTS'* 1>I»BD1»_» _ _ _ _ _ _ _lUblo't S-loaa, - ' I B1--4DBB. AM.—fact that the nanon stands, this day, in a posi- the world. The superior intelligence of the was received there, and to express the kindliest tion ol the most appaliiug danger. We havehave no doubt that the report of the Ambassa-consultation on the snbject. At Milledgeville, no effect a similar overthrow ot the social fabric dors will demolish almost entirely every shadow we ebail bave to undergo that humiliation, andAppeal to the liberality of his hearers, which waa aad Jamaica by their social ruin, would in- but owing to the stringency of tbe money ing Rhode Island and New Hampshire, imposeyet a little longer?generouslyrespondedto.c*S_tcr-*y. Taeatrt-f-cymbills Mode, to check the exporttor. d« mitB of th« ranker enkraeed about 2,000 wale* ctoaed at quottdWs (tre* by different broken Sw -a,fromUXc. a U * e . , the •ajortty fiv iUX«.alii_c. now was heavy, and okaad at •of Ito _ lie per bbL Wheat was don, aod tnr,|wtt- aourtB-wmftorI at sts. a70e.,aadT_c, for-S«d,wtutota»salesaboot 1,000 -Ma with 1,000 Hfi, u was sail,itoLoadoasadotherSaroneaaporta,oavolvethemInrevolution. TheSouth, then,in marketandtbeimmensedrainsucha payment ones varying from $1,000 to $5000, andim- turning upon the hydra of anti-slavery that Is would make on specie In these perilous times. prisonment, from three months to fifteen •eeking to crush It. is beginning a great battle it waa found impossible to pay up more than years, on those officers or citizens who in behalf of tbe material interests of society about four or five millions, leaving some sixor shall aid in enforcing the Fugitive Slave law.Dofloa was quiet, aad sS44 bof_ Bto, laftotor to good quality, at 1 >_c a ISJie.jr-ttfbUcv*at__ucdAral,withaiairamouatuea«age- aw_-1tions of the Union ? It is just such acts &* these bathave produced thepresent condition ofbipgsintbecountry.TThat, t t t i , ia the sir-pie and natural remedy? Everv f_Ir mi-.r?,-«l -»_-. —tn _' - . ..Havre, Ttfc. Ecehtage on London, 108 a Uj>, i. « « secession is meant by the demonstrations of the with bllto r»f lading at par a 101>£• »gM exchange oas uatitodtoSecretaryUntitottheTreasury.New York, :< per cent dlacoo-t a ptr. ..,__. Mr".r_i.Nov.1..iww•Cottoo—aaier-o•ay4.000bales,atI0'*c,tt»««•'**everywiere. which will rouse the intellect and •hake the foundations of clvflised society all over the world.1k j * }should be the common aim of all right minded sodpati^me^bothNorthand South. First T * ? f T ? h • • Pwwmtion of the rights offathersfoundedinwisdom,withvast sacrifices of blood and treasure. If the 8outh Is forced to seek out of the Union that safety for its society which all admit to be requisite for it, then the great experiment will have failed be- foretheworldof demonstrating thattherightIn Maine, Rhode Island, Vermont, Michigan and Massachusetts, the use of the State jails for the detention of arrested fugitives Is forbiddenPrattle there are objects whichhalf their offers up to tbe 22d Inst, as will be eeen-bythefollowingdespatch received atthe Sub-treasury:—IMPORTANT DESPATCH »BOM TBI SICBSTABV OF THBFatal Ae*tdej«t»tAlba8»-. j__I__rY, BtOV. 1vorable to Lincoln's election, but they do not fatally injured. He diedattwelveoclocfcto day.f.i ure ol this demonstratioa is invulvaJ In »u* oreduliry «*B to tbe action of some, at l«a«t. o'Cia.,onWednesdaylast.Mr.Stephensmade OftheBritishWestIndiacolonies.Here,too. ofoppositiontothecommercialrelationspro- toconfessthatourprincipleofgovernment, & grtat speech, taking strong conservative the colonial interest exerted every power to posed between tbe two countries. Mr. Harris while beautiful in theory, was impossible inground, which had been productive of a calmer Jivert the destruction that was prepared argues, from the fact that tbeJapanese sailed practice.tone of feeling. The billa calling a Convention or them. But It was in vain. Thefind appropriating tl ,000,000 to arm and equip the State, had passed the Georgia Legislature. There were rumors In Charleston yesterday thatthe steamer home alone—the first time the Paci- And such mortification is by no means the government declared that the conscience of fic was ever navigated by Asiatics—that the worst that w e will have to suffer. A breakingPresidential candidate of an anti-slavery party, is this a time for Mr. Lincoln to stand upon his dignity and refuse to speak, for fear that heing tbe reconstruction of the fundamental Law of the whole confederacy—the federal constitu- tion—for the security of the South, or tbe seces-England moat be appeased, and accordingly herJapanese are a progressive people, highly sus- up ot tbis confederacy, under such unfriendlycolonial interests were sacrificed at the dic- ceptible of improvement. W e think everything feelings as now exist between North and South, the rretjdant woald use coercive measures to- tates of the anti-slavery society. The politicalmay not be believed ? Come, come, " Honest sion of tbe "cotton States" to begin with, and*rard« ?-outh Carolina, but they only appeared in their history goes to prove this, and no- would inevitably beget hostilities between the to stKogtben the desire for secession. The power of a government of white men has been thing, perhaps, more than the observation, the two sections: and upon the Northern hemis-Abe Lincoln/' this is not a time for ceremony or equivocation. Speak o u t The South willtheir organization into an independent Southernretained over the Africanized West India colo- from South Carolina, has resigned. In Vir- nies of England; but even with the support ofconfederacy. Before this stupendous issue of a listen. Speak the truth that Is in yon, and your reconstruction or dissolution of the Union itself,Bon. Mr. Bonham, member of Congressinterest, and tbe desire to acquire Information, displayed by the Ambassadors and their suite while in the United States. In view of the friendly feeling generated by the report of thephere of this continent would be repeated, In a still more aggravated form, the scenes of civil war which have so long desolated and drenched with blQod tbe cities and savannahs of Southginia it is said, one of the first acts of the Legislature would be to legalize a system of re- prisal towards any Northern State which shall refuseto surrender fugitive slaves to their owners.from Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi have been authorized to make purchase of large quantities of arms and ammunition, and all the Southern Statesevince a desire to place themselves in a position of defence.The steamship Vanderbilt, Capt. Lefevre, from Havre on the 7th and Southampton on the 8th Lust., anived at this port yesterday alternoon, bringing four days later intelligence.The news of the victory of the Sardinians att.-ilgliano is confirmed. A large number of pri-sonersandaconsiderable quantityofammunition agitated inourNorthern States. Atfirstthey *Ld stores came into the hands of the victors.Americafeel tbe direful effects of this insane agitation. Tae wheels of commerce are blocked; indus- try languishes; manufactories are on the verge ot being cloeed; merchants realize that hope lees bankruptcy is staring them in tbe face; the oanks are securing themselves against the gene- ral paralysis that menaces all commercial ope rations; the securities of the general and State governments bave already sustained a large depreciation; and as for railroad and other stocks, they are affected as they were by the panicof18T.7.And, in the name of common sense, to what are all these evils, present and prospective, to be attributed ? Have the people of the United States been afflicted with madness, that they should thus combine to destroy the governmentthis proud and boastful anti-slavery republican party must take a new shape, or be ground to powder ere the woods shall have again oast offThe vote in t-vor of annexation was very heavy ti.rotgLout Sicily and Naples.selves to the moral ground continuously.sense, they have gained Little by little theyCentralAgentsofficers,a n dt h einformationwhichall the power of Great Britain, the white race there has constantly diminished since the act of emancipation was passed, and society in Jamai- ca exhibits the advance of the same degraded social ideas that prevail in St. Domingo. Mar- riage has fallen into disuse, a n d fetish worship,though strictly prohibited by law,and prose- cuted by the authorities, makes great advance among the liberated blacks. In both of these cases the destruction of the social organization has been due to its want of the power, not ofbe respected.Speak out for therthe will, to resist the physical -force that suprted the anti-slavery fallacy.Thirty years ago these theories began to be merce..Stocks. MieMJUrisOct. 10. for. 17. Decline. election was known, it has grown to be the 87| 69 llf MeccaoftbeNorth. Washington is nowhere 90i 75 151 now. The leading telegraphic despatches inPOi SO 101 the newspapers hail from the home of Old A be, 8 8 | 70 18.124 109 15 the railsplitter, and not from the federal capital.S8j 26 121 Before last June no one cared anything ab<iut 47 33 14C3{ & 15J Springfield,orAbrahamLincolneither. Nov21 11 7 one is about as famous as the other. Verily,72 51 21 thereisnogodbuttbenigger,and"OldAbe" 754 58 17were rejected every where; but, addressing them-TBE DISUNION QUESTION—MOVEMENTS OF THE SOUTHERN STATES.—The L egislature of Soutn Carolina adjourned the other day, after havingTennessees Virgioias New York PanamaErieHeading HudsonBiver Harlemcfstary remedies.THE Frsar FRUITS or THE JAPANESE MISSION.—Preceding tbe arrival of the Japanese Amtaesa-dore in this country came a Japanese steamer—the Candinmarruh— t o S a n Francisco, pilotedby American seamen—tbe first time that a ves-rLet, then, the peepie of those Northern States dictate tbis fair and just course to their Legis-and the vote of tbis, that or the other Southerntriaempireh a dentereda nAmericanthe Candinmarruh to Jeddo. The latede-i-patcr^s of Mr.Harris to the State Department "traliztng that element of conservatism, and ofJapanesethe Ambasesdois are bearing home with them, we may look forward to the proopect of cuitiOur trade has already begun toTHE PANIC IN WALL STBEET—A FEW MOREFIGURES FOB SHErnEBD KNATP & Co.—After the their summer livery. Mere parties organized first tumble down in stocks, three or four and moving for tbe spoils and plunder are butvatingand developing b y means of American com- merce the dormant enterprise of that carious people. W e only hope that th* course of events in this country will be so happily and a isely directed through the present crisis as to leave an undivided and prosperous nation to avail i-elf of the advantages of Oriental com-weeks ago, the sriseacres of the black republi- can press predicted that it would g o n o fur- ther—that there would be no panic, and that all the good stocks would came up in a few days. W e beg to call the attention of these prophets to tbe subjoined table, showing the decline in the principal stocks since Octo- ber 10:—tbe dust In tbe scales of a political revolution.THE NEW MECCA OF THE NORTH.—It is curious to notice how suddenly the little town of Springfield, away off in Illinois, has sprang iatoa profitabletradee r e long withJapan,cede at once from the Union. That the prosperity of the nation to be ruthlessly sacri- alternative of secession will be adopted ficed at the bidding, and to satisfy the ambition,Illinois CentralMichigan CentralMich. South, gnarant'd. 47jI'nited States 5's, 1874..102;Pacific Mail 87 74by the Convention, and before Christmas, there appears to be not a shadow of29 28JrUTHMLL CiPITAL.Despatches from oar Minister to tfeIna - Vlrtwuat TcrmtDatlon or the W a r .WASHnroTOB,NOT,18,1S00. ADVICB9 FROM CHTJflDespatches hajre been received at the Department of 8Ut« from Minister Ward, with dates from Shaagnae toelection of a State Convention in December, to meet on the7th of January; and with the enthu- siastic nomination of William L. Yancey as the leading delegate from the Montgomery district,temptible brawlers, be heard.themselves settle any difficulty that may exist. Let them b u t s e e clearly what that difficulty Is, and they will know how to remedy i tThe whole trouble is about this miserable ne-instantgislature will assemble on the 7th of January The regular meeting of the North Carolina Le- gislature takes place to-day (the 10th of Novem- ber). That of Florida, w e believe, also meets this month. Tbe Legislatures of Georgia and Arkansas are now in session,A special session of the Virginia Le-^ Jwfl_*e "Jn'from a eappointedmeetingsofthisscheduleofSouthern demand bedeliveredup. Isthatan InadmisLegislatures and Conventions, w e shall have the means of knowing the policy of tbe bulk of the Southern States before the inauguration of our next President That the day of his inaugura- tion will be marked by the dissolution of the Union there is every reason in the world to fear; butstilltheactionofSouthCarolinaand theotherStatesImmediatelyco-operatingwith her in behalf of secession m ay embrace certainvolutionary expressions and symbols of the the most friendly feeling for tbe United States. The sible claim? No;common justice sustains it, people of Boston in advance of the government being desirous ot obtaining all the inform»-excitementamongall classesandTrovatore," as tbe funeral dirge for the Union." Does notall this portend an impending revo- lution, the threatened evil consequences of which can only be averted by a comprehensivetheAmong such States we can enumerate Maine, tive of a revision of the federal constitution,Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire,The Dispatch has returns from IBScounties.oilicuJ, giving Bell 88 majority, aad from tweive-ooutiliea, unoffi- cial, giving Bell 09 maioiHy. Tbe remainiog six couut ee iCaveGiggtn 76*m-Jority Toe indtcatijos are thatSvU hascarried theat*1* ->'° w *» majorityMe**chn njave_.M w URI•_*•-, N.iv. 17, ISM.Tbeschooner Jk- Ft..x, from Tamptci 10th iut.,hai arrivedrata portion TbestiamorPawneewasatTempixattendingtothematter. The people tried o rob it out fatted.Another retort had reaehed Tampico that GuadaH irahadfinallybeencapturedandGeoMarqoeztakenprison or and shot. •Stammer Tcreintseh SamJt. LoramuB,tt"y.,SOT.18,18«0The steamer Tecumseh Logan ma-ter from oaei<»_t toNewOrleans,sunk yesterday across tbe moot*oftoo LootavUle and Portland Canal Ber cargo to «»d ______:lion of Union o'r disunion will be tiefi ?«d — res o d?a * * * * * * * *> ^ " ^ *V£2Z aral goveil--meat for the protection of the South.last question for the Consideration of this last session of the present Congress.penal offence on the part of their citizens to at-tempt to enforce the federal law In that regard. In view, too,of this peace and Union alterna-TBE NEW TEEASCBY LOAN.—The new Trea-ha. not the time arrived for the people of thet«C0000 of tbe seized Ite^eaa conducta. arrived at Tami<iooonthelet, inchargeof tbeBrittso Coos<; The American Consul claime that tbe money aaved balong* la«**» •"*to raise money for the cause. B e gave a detailedaccount of the operations of the society in the Itsloss through thedestruction of Southernso- sury loan of ten millions, which was bid Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Massachu- imperial city of NewYofk to speak to their Americancltlxess,while theethercoasigaeesclaimaprowesternportionofIreland,andconcludedwithan ciety,assugarhasbeenlostInStDomingo for,wastobepaiduponthe22dLast; setts,VermontandIowa.Allofthose,except- brethrenatCharlestoninbehalfofpatienceseven millions still due. In view of tbismet,and tbe general disturbed state of affairs, Mr.Co*b has decided to extend the time thirty daystoall suchbiddersasshall havepaid upone- OtherStates,viz:Maine,Wisconsin. Vermont,1aged. No Uvea wore lost. Five coal boats -ere ••__•••* at tbe entrance of the oanal, aad will probabiy oestrus*TKBASVav. ^ ^ B.mpehire declares him absolutely free. Is WAraacTox,D.0,Nov.IT.IssB,JOBS J. Csscc, Aniatut Treaa-ear r f lied States!_ not all tbis legislation unfair towards the South iocsbiddersfortbetolaasonorbeforethe2_dtatL «raStates,andIsItnotwellcalculated tosowi-r-al have paid .'p one half of their oiieri, I have decidedto allow thirty days from that date to pay tba other half riisccrd and cherish hostility between the two sec-disguise the feeling that, should that event re-sultinadissolutionoftheUnion,itwouldbeavery disastrous affair. They areskeptical, how-Markets. 1 NawOmia-sn.fcov17, **_. Cotton rery dull sales to^ay 3000 bales; ac.«ratoquotationscannotbegiven. Sogerdullat8*c*JT^iaform such bidders as may ash exteMloa of time HOWELL OOBB.ever, like many people at the North, as to the real for folr to .fully fair. Moieeses, 29c a 8Je. « » " «**intestions of the South, and do not believe that cltamg at 86 M for superflae "*ff*~???P l J dled DoSemeofthebidswere madsat100nod101,cottonStates:butwhentheaccountsfromthese quartersofthelast fewdaysformthesubject o t comment, they m e y ch?.rg? their views nponcument8uttee that bave passed these hostile enactments Otnt POUTHSAL PABTUM or Two Wi It Slay b» _t-ort«<t. repeal them, or at least modify them, so as to AGO—WHERK A B B Tnar Now?—Twoof political demagogues North and South'. W e trust not If this Is a popular government, let the voice of the people, and, not that of con-9713 Some people may have impudence enough to say in theface of these figures that there is no panic now—no financial revulsion to come. These false prophets blind leaders, and peoplecommunion table, and led Christian professorsof the same church organization to denounce each other; then they ranged local parties In the Northern States, and carried many of these up to the point of violating the compact of our Union and nullify log the federal laws by State legislation; they invaded the domain of federal politics by claiming the right of introducingin Congress petitions for the abolition of slavery; then came the Wilmot Proviso, to exclude it from a single Territory; and now w e have wit- nessed the triumph in the Presidential Electoral Collegeofapoliticalpartywhose fundamental ideaisthat"slaveryisanevilandacrime. andwhichproclaimsthat it'mustbeexcludedL fromallthecommonTerritoriesofourconfede- ration.In these things every logical mind perceivesthe steady march of the same remorseless policythat overthrew the social edifice ofthe French and British West Indiacolonies. This, then, is the import of themighty movement that has begun in the South.Asocietynumberingeightmillionsofwhitesandfour millions of African slaves is entering uponthe conflict for self preservation, and the vindi conditions or propositions to the general govern- bad been hitherto unquestioned. The politi- ton despatch says that " the Washington artil are aborUy expected la regard to tbe operations of thewe may guess the drift of Alabama.session of the Legislature of Mississippi has been called, the day of meeting being the 26thA specialthemselves IB tbe ditch.THEpopular inauguration of the revolution of an independent Southern republic at Charleston o n Saturday last, according to the graphic report of the proceedings on Che ocjasion which w e published yesterday, must convince the most incredulous Northern mind that South Carolina is going out of the Union. All thepopular manifestationsattendingtheelevationoftbe Palmettobannerstronglyremindusof there-tually at an end After the Allies had taken the forte tbe Chinese at once surrendered. Lord Elfin and Baron Groshad been invited to Tioa tela to settle the terms of peace, aad from lnTormatio_ which he had jutt received from the Tien-tain It was expected tbe ambassador* wmM got their matters settled in the course of a few woetai, and that the troops under Admiral Hope would be ready to return to India immediately. The termination of the war, it was believed, would have a moat excellent effeat uponcommerce.Thepeaeofnlpolicypursuedbyonrgovernmenttowards Chinawouldundoubtedlyprovebeaattclaltooartatoreato; torinalltbecommunicationswhichhavepassedbotweea myselfandteeChinese,saysMr.Ward,theyentertaingrothe common territories of the Union shall be free as well to tls? slaveholders as to tbe non slaveholders. Well, there is nothing inequitable in that, although it is an unsubstantial idea, and all fair minded men at the North will readily assent to it as an abstractquestionofright. Again, the South claimsthatthefugitiveslaveswhichescape fromherbordersintothefree States shallonquestion.T h eSouthdemands,first,that" MAESBILIAISE "A T CHARLESTON.—Theand the constitution of the United States pro- vides for it. Why should there b e any difficulty about it? Because the negro question has been too long made the shuttlecock of politicians North and South: and while the one set has been striving to obtain for it more advantages thanperhapsitwasfairlyentitledto,theother set has been depriving it of those rights whichDeclaration of Independence of 1776. W e turn possible, and of learning the exact condition ofThepeople canTHE CANADIAN PRESSEijcoTio*.—We perceive that the Canadian newspapers take a great deal of interest In the late election and the secession movement in theSouth. From tbe fact that every one of them is devoting leading editorials to tbe subject, w e inferthat thereIsalmost asmuchinterest feltPennsylvania Massachusetts and Michigan, pro- in Canada on that question as there Is here. videlegaldefenceforthefugitives. Maine,New Thetoneof theCanadapapersgenerallyIsfa-HampshireandVermontdeclare theslavefreeif brought Into the State by bis master, and New, 130V. ChristopherR«br,arespectableyoaageasa,**•run overbytheearsneartbefreightdepot£t•*!"«* «•session next January—all save those of Connec-Northern democratic party, * Southern iVermont, which does notmeet till October. It isbut right and proper that among the earliesttceaenree for ooosMeration should be the pro- tial ticket, aad with this result the threeof tbe Southern States restrain themselves till their Leglelatures meet.-This is a fair, simple, common sense mode of allaying irritation, and of preventing that disor- ganization of tfie confederacy which would b ebe key-note to social, commercialand politicalevils of which no one has now any adequateconception. Wehavenostatesmennowtosteer tbe ship of state on the stormy sea on party are carrying everything before them iawhich t-be is afloat Instead of statesmen we the " cotton States," and the Union party, occo-have mere ranting political demagogues. It is pjing the Northern border slave States, are for the people themselves to act, and for the "perplexed In the extreme" as to the movementsopinions willUnion, and you will be beard.on record,that all th *se de-elect ot the United States?opinions npon record tbe mere opinions of alocal politician, striking at no higher object than great confederacy? or will It not rather benote a difference, however, in the favorite piece of music on that occasion and on this. A t Boston the tune was'•Yankee Doodle,"orsome other local simplicityadapted tothefifeanddrum; atCharleston itisthemoreelaborateandter- rific revolutionary "Marseillaise," Our Charles-affairs at the several porta of that empire, oommtroial oa well as otherwise, Minister Ward wlU visit tbe principal ones before his return to the United States. The Sagiaaw hasbeend«tailedbyflagofficerBtribliogforthatpurpose.lery paraded and fired one hundred guns as former. the flag (Palmetto) went up:"" that " bells wererung and the band playjed the ' Marseillaise Hymn;'»that"thisfireduptheFrenchelement ofourpopulation,"andthat"afterthe'Marseilern States cheerfully and faithfully carrying lake,' the band played the' Miserere,' from 'The few dozen more.out tbe constitutional provision for the returnof fugitive slaves, many of them have passedlaws, not only nullifying that provision of theconstitution and the Congressional enactment 2, * " 7 T CUQC"aevraciKtA.Bi< HXOHD, Nov. 18, WOO^ a n w ^charterofthefed*O NTUE PRESIDENTIALAre not allhis51who are governed b j them, will speedily find September 0 He states that the war Is considered rtr-eraStates withintheUnion. Thesecessionimportance.become historic, since the decision of the Chi- cago Convention; but since the result of tbeWithin tbe last few months it has1BX P-JUK4 RAILROAD_JTD TO CBHJOCIPROJICT TherivalinterestsoftbePanamaRailroadCompanyaadnavigatloa for several days.H ^f-ettsovsrexentInterests of human society, and that teli-Iscompatiblewithallthedo* cp eary. Fxcoeiafe on Sew York, p*r cbacge ai d francs eomiaal.Sieniag e* _ ,btiultg «.ve j*4r ce-vt LfiLeraLof Vnittd State* fives fcaTe-beea jgadewwwSk.ce tien sales Fulton New YorkThomas M. Tryniski309South4th Street13069at&7_-a-•• -<» No». IT, taw-.fultonhomistory.c 