m^m^m^m^ 111* » j««Philadelphia, say 98^Businesswaslessactiveat theCornExchange, of£uropeandAmericawouldhavebeencom- amazingexamplecfarchitectural andengi- machineryoftheFifthAldermanicDistrict;cent.forty-mile march across that everytoo true, the Republican under Mr. Brady's controlIVw DoOanandm Balfmt la* cmpeiuaMn.being exclusively "two oopieo Tb«h DotiiM »#^«^«t«. o«i**-"atock, here,Wheat,reasoning,the tr id;againoflSce,The newspapers may beat me,"shouted theyeur"".^"^ tbW »«»-{^,-^:nrsr;ow«t and Cuba Sugar, Hay, Hops and Whisky, were in perpetually at a dead-lock.DoMOia io> A TTira—Duira Grat a* Oihoa.:BOWKBT THEATSB—SruBiBO k Boaiat' .Cnoos.akunnra xnailV—Ds7 mod Kreainr-Wau b It thighly jurioustothecountryatlarge. Theonlyoc- casion on which that party has shown any disposition to admit her into the Union wasrepetitionmaybehappily enabled to include the— AmoHOOUTCnuu9H-Sou Suiaarft (UUPBUX'S, KIUo*! SoIoob—Kmonuipromi-States, where the movement has all itsfraud, need more slaves. The price of labor is ex-moment for aance of Lanight, was the holiday appearance of the hoase,bat 'Aat;DMIftfTK OF rare ARTS, No. «K Broadway-Dni- p OAUiai—Jaitxs' CoLLScno.f." BOEAUS' gaij:.ebt, No. 639 Broadway—Tax Cm-' PlCTTU.GOXJVIL'8 9ALLEBY, No. 7W Broadwaj—A»am ahb Ct>—Tte Txitninoa Ain> ra* Kxruuioa.distinctly opentic monde. Let us add that this audience wasLinn.^''* '"that the Prince of Wales liad arrived ootor separating them from ns, and even if a common framed it, or in that by which it received the dectlny forces them in connection with us hereafter,hasnotbeendevelopmentofinstrumentalperfection." Butwhy « should M. Halevi, the composer, have ilone Iii:i share;; JN»-W«i;^«>daep»rtare of «"! JWl •W"^- • •xacenM for •Uw«» W""?*-^ ,d«neo.—Th» J»WM». JICAOXKY OF MDSIClOBuya oABDiar-oiauio.LAUBA KSKSPS THKATBB-T«B a«TWi SutMS.wjLUAcara tbxatbk—flatihs wtm fiu. »«WBOWBKTTHKATEX-TraWoii«i«Wbite- hasbeenShould I beat them,"One day It is Attorney-General Black who Bbady, " it will show that I am smarter than supposing that the seizure of the receives the chief ermine of the United Statea they." To this challenge we object, andDoiij**to force athough buyers of Breadstuffs had any existing ad- pletely 8toppe>L with the Chinchas and South neering skill! Not only does it now:for a writ «*•»»•* <»'J^'„*?T!!iChSochas than he had In Areqnipa or in Kew-Yoik, and resaeU bound tLere bad either tofcubm^ to the rulers of the day or depart with- mirtargoes.Itwaaclearlytheirdutytore-oftheHerald'spolcy.ItisasremorselessofCouncUmenhavenow,andhadatthetime lo^^'i actual anthorily and no other, forTHE KAVBASobject Peoi- !tut^.fromImprtaonmenL ThepaiBdoftlie nlWtion WW that the prboner wia eonirietsdn«r:i9ittt;mawnuT,hot.n,ism. ^MttTlarceny«ttheSpecialSeMiposbeforebutitSri/nitices.Honer and Exchange afiain worked atnadilr yea^-(he diaehaige of Bo&uia KIU, BOW fefyears of occupation.But no such tender considerations fom partthe Board of Aldermen the appropriation of $105,000VB|>tJBCfti.The writ w«» allowed.Is morei—uJ k tlw Tmii MMiM« ftoBtfiW tta Otr on England for the Boston mall. The large Banl(< in common sense, than that the trade of theChief Justice from the benchCourt, as it was in ordering Capt. Meios and But what cared Brady r His motion hadthe "Naval Commander stationed on the coast" of Tortugas to destroy the b.idae lead-Tlw mW-TOBK muscontinue to rate beat class 10<ail" wars.giventhe mainland of of the trick, that he would l>e renominated Hovemrats of Oea.(Dall7) ia vabUihed ertn paperBlur asa •nalav^Prlee Tw* Osim, Mrrad at w* The Stock market fluctuated widely on the uMThe HEW-TOSK TMEa «ae^-W«*Iy)—»«»»»two gepJe. to OKI •<ld«M tor I^".«•« »«r«m vto wiU -nd tu • CW if '* "JTil ia)99—Cnnav*^, malMSizDoUAnkror- -,,—at LeaTenwDrtb—BMointiOM Ad^M,cal agitation, KewYorli Central aa low as 73 '»'' the morning and 7S}®76 at the close. The Do-of theGovernmentatfrom that island toFlorida, whenever the Disunionists should"Monday) evening."^n. KKW-TOMt SmSS vantage. A statement of the exports henct. andthe yearmestic Exchange is better onrecognized during Echenique rebellion, the trade temptat- that(lastThisboast<W-»I/>;n;L m.^' an estimate of the of Flour andof andremoveAtameetingcalledbyprominentof Congress at Us apprcachlng session will beto admit Kansas into the Union. It is due to ita forcovers that the venerable Chief Justice hasstand the record of when it is laid corruptioncontempt for official honesty.niaalcal.her as kn act of-and it is duein-responsibUityto the whole as countryaggression.theihselves rect" In this manner the excitement is kept no secret of hisaimple justice,asnoDncemeiiit of his was"cor- resignationone of the sources of mlschleTons and dangeroos agita- tion. The treatment which Kansas has re- c eived at -the hands of the party now in powerdiscreditable to them andgencesafely, after encountering head winds and badweather durinr the entire voyage. The licit waswithin a day's sail of Enflcmi on the 6rh, when aheavy gale prevented an. fartluT fTOijress; io: scv.e'ral days. Another week's p.ovr~ioiis cily rc- year or two no frontier country ever enjoyed dependence, and will create a like interest la the;person- that have beenhose alleged offence was in beinginarms, in a farewell speech, that itthat a fresh conflict would break out in Italy inLynch Jaw tribunal, but were acquitted.rupture of negotiations between the Allied Ambas- sadors and the Chinese Commissioners took place—Wetrustimpressive opera, sentiment the mosttjualitystrenjously inexpressive parti-within five of tliat mileswith or seventy-fireon tlie 7th of September, and on the nextarmy moved forward on Peking. On the 11th of September (he allied anny was wiiliin 4") miles of the celestilg capital.publisheightyThe from Kansas which we dispatchesFitch,character.' A of Minute partyto theOpera,onlysaytilingsMen,started out ^om that place in the first flush of the— A Contagious Feverishness. Itwith large, comfortable tents. The men seen at Ball's Mills, who were thought to t>e Momaoaanla band, appear to have been a company of GovenuMaa troops, on their way hrom Fort Leavenworth to Fait Smith. Dr. Mittoa did not hear of any of Mobmo»>excitement consequent upon the representations would dare to disregard. of Jndge 'WiLLiAHS, had returned, reporting thatbe seen the Constitution giving the right to coerce,ttiere Is athe further they advinced towards Fort Scott theOur Quarrel with Peru.in which, submission following coercion, there is pro-on the stage, then Mr. Vlisian's Fourteenth-street Thk " Old Folks" in Bbookltn.—For the nasiless hearrl of the theythat Chamberlain Platt stUl continues to in vision made for holdingStatesfew evenings, this popular body or"difiiculties. Acting-Gov- ernor Beebe was reported at Lawrence to haveTliedisputebetween the United States andperpetual subjection evade, on one pretext or another, all attempts forced back into the Confederacy ?"class" ol sLigers from the interior of Massachusetts has been delightiagbe on their to Southern wayrefractory, and, however just the claims'proved by Supervisor Blunt that the Cityofpublicwastheythe service. Advices from China state that the demnation of the conduct ofimportant There is connected with their existence as andaythededlydestroyBALSI, before leaving Naples, UilJ his companions ot Kansas info the Union was a prominentseparate ConfederacyIbfil, and that 100,000 men would be wanted lor the popular verdict is an OTerwhelming con- The Slave-trade will be the mostlikely issue in the late Presidential canvass, andproof they Stisiui. This artist, to whompropagandismon thiswithout show- of the wishes ofpatch, and that the leading actors in them will crimes,somewhat monotonous musical development of the rote of Kieazar.question, contemptuous disregardahis constituents. Messrs. Bright andinghealingwhile Oregon, a a restoration of this traffic within the Union,CAlTAIi-STRBET-^iro. Ma-Wnnooa*! Tm SULsaT tants, but was rejected Montgomeby to aCapt- considerable extent-. as On PAgTOiMKBWa OF THBS- I>AY.with little more thanare determined to try their chances out- veryand women hours, from the excite-; but if it shall prove that this view isaction of theCardinal, and Madame VonBuiEti.,who has been~~T'^c- •La.rude trials of a diapason inflamed by the gradual fouzuf MoHTCOKZBT trying a man named McDoasia^PMiJun-M*liBiOy,hnrrtnfatttm-willingtwenty years,Fort Scott has cot been harmed, ot Pails*^ Jk-rmUmtStm -li!verpo4t JaorfiMaBy private letter from Lawrence, we teexports—their own lawlessDemocratichalftheamountofwithout scruple. The Wyandotte Constitution, under which the people of Kansas now applybothfor a few brl^-fterritory, population,they wasadmitted side.away,differ- to the secession movtment this morning is the for admission, was adopted with every for- ence of opinion would at once arise, likely toconfusion, the report ofThe most important feature of the news relatingoldest and the new habitue,message of Gov. GlsT, of South Carolina, sent Ttothe Legisiatnre of that State, which assembled theorsuspectedspecial objectyesterday. He considers disunion a foregone con- ciusioD, and confidently relies upon the States of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Atfcansas, to follow the lead of South Carolina,he has no hopes of a, of all the though Confedercy— which we is meant groes," by supposemality which the law requires population;"Southern States. Ia this connection, he takes"Virginhi to task for •refusing to ;entertain theproposition of Col. HxuKtN'GES last year, and de- policy of excluding Kansas from the Union, Chaileston Courier, deprecates any discussioa"on Kansas soil," says our correspondent, he sands who found no favor in the sight of the " four subjectclares that it is now too late to attempt :o assemble because herhaveprohibited Slavery,a Conference of the Slave States to the consider;but South Carolina herself, onped a human being in this Territory shall die." This indicates a state of things which callslights of ilonday into" a permanen"tinstitution.ShallIt now remains to be seen whether thisA "Southern Planter," writing to the of this question as calculated to divide nottherefore,is free, and they will protect him at all haz- hundred " elect on that auspicious occasion. We must Resolved, That we withhold all action in theards. Any man convicted of having Iddnap- urge it upon them to alter all tlus, and t3 erect the until the factf connected with the case can beand embracedthepeopleRepublican principles,ascertained. factorily Tbat aResolved,, Committee of three be appolnlad by the Chair for the purpose of ascertaining the beta forand,wetrust,willreceivethepromptin- York,forthoughithasbeenaquarterofacenturyin withregardtothenatureandoriginofthose.dUt-is to beThe immediate and most potent reason whichSouth," The discussion of this question at this time causesme and much I am satisfied uneasiness, disquietude.that no good can come of it, and I am confident much evil and injury must of certainty result from it, bf en-we say as much for La Julve ?" La Juive" is not absolutely a novelty in New-onlyptopiicty of the pending movement. He cannot persisted in at the coming session of Congress. the general subject of disunion. He says :-usforce for thelegaltribunals,willreceivenosympathyfrom replacedbyMadameAkxaBishopasEudaita. Lov- the American people. Kansas has seen enough ers of melody will perhaps aver- that in this ease" late " was not better than " never," for " La Julve "of violence and of outrage. Hitherto her in- is the least melodk of Bat on the other Operas.habitants have suffered more 'vrrongs than its gorgeous enscsille of instrumentation andpennit himself to believe that an attempt will bethetien to coerce the State after she shall have seced-terposition of the lawful authorities. TheculUes and their extent.Resolved, That the acts of the Adralnlstiation oS-cers and agents, wiih reference to the Cherekaa !- dtan lands and the neutral land, eonstitate a aertaa afin the of ( oatrages unparalleled history aiQFmest.Sssolved, That we condenm any rlolationoof our country, and that any aadarery o» fair and impartial trial is fonnd gailty«f saek ria- lations, should suffer the penalty of these 'Wm.nadebythe presentered,byarefusal to surrendertheharbordefences,or interfering withthe imports and byAtlantic, it reachedlast May, when itincorainj^Admlnistra-thewas produced at the Winter Garden with the caiit r^w acting it at the Academy, .saving and accepting Herr WiiiruoH, who has to Cakl Foekib as theimpelledthepartyinpowerto her out at keepcrossingthe last session, ceased to exist—we havingwhocourse of the Government, and to substituteallude to theof herfor Lin- andttting diffrrtncti of o^mioii, destroyingcertaintycoln itistobehopedthattheothergrounds nxmityby creating from the beginning, and even tiefore our wtoDg, the State must accept the issue of objection to her admission will give way Ship of State is fairly under weigh, two parties on apteaented, and fight her way to the best of her before the obvious dictates of justice, and the subject of more importance than any other thatafittH;*. He does not seem to consider that the es-tion were adopted, declaring that Kontncky does Kansas has now considerably more than this The question of more labor, and the opening of tiot despair of justice within the Union, and appeal- number. The Federal Census just taken the Slave-trade should be postponed until all the>SontbBst^k>de«aitthe waMocaase.'advices five days later, arrivct! »t Halifax yester- was unfair or in the elec- have an Importaat beailBg om Iha action OVwany of anything irregularindignant demands of public opinion.the one^of latwr. By makiag these observations I do not desire It to be nnderstood that I am an adrocste for or against the Slave, trade. It matters not what may be the pri-hand, specta- presentt^^aoment of new postal arrangements through-oot Ota State, after the Federsl Postmasters shallhave resigned, will be a difficult matter, but in themeantime be proposes to use Adsius Express forthe distribution of correspondence. The reportswhich reach us from other Southern States presentno feature of special importance. At Louisville, meet. This apportionment gives 93,423 in- other agitating subject that might distract and divide Ky., on Monday night, a mass meeting was held, habitants to each Congressional District the public mind of South Carolina at this important compoaedofmenofallparties,atwhichresolu- time.CThe apportionmentofsentatives, which was based on the SeventhCensus,will continue totill1863, when the Thirty-eighth Congress willshoivs that she has 109,000 inhabitants, or 16,000 moTO thaa'the la .fonoed a Conatitution for which nine-tenthsitiscu- whichhereports,Capt.Montgomeeyhasen- rioustoIiearM.Halevv'snotionsoftwentyyears hasbeenreported.Arrivalsbythestageat1voted ; and it islltt, tfiTiJaeeustowh on the 18th, with European Bdl even pretended in any qoarter that there lat of the African Slave-tnda, I am saUifc*, wlU«{ her adult maleJuive." It waspopnlatioo.mfed orax^tednpoa by the Cwtmitian. _Tkf efMa-successful workinto aeriou? odium and render certain the what M. Hahvt, the Sicrifaire Perpciiul. calls the with MoKTaoMsar. This account says that Baaaaday afternoon. She brings tlw gratifying intelli- tion of delegates to the Convention which the present frontier States, either in uniting Otera withswift interference of the Federal authorities.MoNTGOMEBT, it sccms,";of a refinedsocial men Capua, winningThere are no longer bor-it would be preferable for them to become willing, rather than unwilling copartners in oar concern.outragestowards tliis inflammation in IbSj ?popular ratification.der wars or civil strife, except this emeute of SIosTGOMEEY, and v;e believe that for the lastThis question, also, wUl have much influence with the gieat naUons of Europe, in acknowledging our in-characteristic of our age that the expansion of talent is everywhere replacing tlie concentration of geidus, and AI. 11.\ucvt Is one of the most remarkable prophcLsthe power of the Cubematorial and Federal Gorsca- ments.• Gen. H.vRNEv and Gov. Mxdabt arrived at the Fortiiiaiaed en 'uuar<'., and i.ji r.u> ;;i party were re luccd a more quiet and orderly government. To re- commercial treaties they may form with us<^| Ktio-gtftit itlfaer/^fm&ek^mf^iiBtm.10ha* grown fluniliar to him through ao many ments appended, had been finally acted opmclearly established in law or again disconnted liberally. Ontaide bnyer^of world ought not to be civilterday and a fair trade boaineaa waa done in bUly~r nothingoftheSupreme matter.Vtentinterrnpted byIf, accoiding to the Peruvian argu-him an air offor a fewEIMCERITKD iCCOURTS FKOIawhen she was presented with a Constitution nent motive for secession, on the part of those notoriously forced upon her against the will most active in promoting it, is a desire to of her people, and stained with eveiy mark of reopen the African Slave-trade. The Gulfwillfor himself as to theresignation of his present onerous and honor- able duties.stage, for not the least striking feature of the "fraud and corruption.After the failure of thevigor,Into unnsuidand eihilaratlngrelief by a really this throwssome commonlyservetomakevisiblethedarknessoftheRtsolved, That havlnf settled bey«iiA»4»ati ttaLecomptonfor admission into the Union with 8 free Constitution which embodied thewhichwecootrorerslfes aad eaBWMrKansaspolitical views of nine-tenths of its inhabi- of colonization. As they despair of securingappliedjtravagantly high,theycannot afford toboxes. They discourage fresh toilettes the amongI''JnivB," in Irving-place, on Monday such expolalon cannot aflbid then a plaaslMa jg»-ntythe authority'Lima iltwuld only have beeningBut it is felt to be dangerous to permit thisand although prove fatal to the whole disunion scheme. was known to be greater than "Virginia and all the Northern SlaveholdingStates, are decidedly opposed to a restorationMonday evening, the whole housethe apportionment, the application was unceri-moniously thrown aside at the last session of of the Slave-trade,andwould giveno coun-recap- turing fugitive slaves. All purpose of cross-Ing. JodgeMcCaboh wasmade Presideat TtaeW-votingthat wiu- whicli must vtaken the action of the ConventuAi,given waypopulation to repre^have had the ac- cleThey belongA committee of three wasgovernDecember,vate views of an humUe individualwhat I am anxious to do is fo tupprest this or anyft^ewas, unhappily,commission, he was right in demanding ttiat the Peruvian Govcmmeat should first admitintelligent enoughResolved, That ifftkoot expressing any mllaWa • to the causes mbldk a»y hare led Monaoaaar.^na^ son and tbelr foUowars, or any bands of bmi aeliaf with,orInoppoaltlMitothem,to,.tbe rraowatorrfe- lence and disorder In that aectton of KtHau, WeM- giud it oar duty as eitisea* oif flie TeuUiqi ke d«^' Eouica ibU DBiawnd aad hitarrefetlaBaly set, satiir' support the ExeenUva atfOkMlttos bf the Taitttdititf restoring and preierrlag the ixiblle peace.O aa Resolve*,Thatfberecentexpolsiaobythe a ia^'Govemme&t of the in the of Ch«*- tettleis, Countykee,fromtheirhomesonneutrallandsattkebsala- niog of Winter, and In a season of ottar dasUMlBK and fMttOne, was en act of eraetty aad oppcaastan »-that act of mercenary We are convinced that this is the view that Congress will take of the mat- ter, and that Peru will be compelled to yield the satisfaction that she now so salkily re-the fourth it ascertains that its originalfusesto strance.giveunderfair andpeacefulremon-' issueofyesterdaySecession and the Slave-Trade.only consent to let Judge Takky decideThere can be very little doubt thatperform- paralleled tn the lilalaiy of a frae jfeopUandsend slaves into the Territories for purposespublishthe condition of affairs in Southerntemptsproject to come before the pnblic. AAmid much excitement andthe Committee was declared adopted, aad the i ingadjourned.Immediately after the adjournment, those <to the adoption of the report organized another iCotton States the public sentiment is by no means unanimous in its support."especially repu- the moment a slave sets foota reminiscencetended to delight the souls of all the uncivUiied thou-nature existSontheastem T'^th, and— can agitate any State, free or slaveStates that are wipqnlieg~flh»hMSouthernConfederacy,haveperfectedtheirinternalot'as Imyself,butwafted it across tlie seas before. It is oneapothesis of the scene-painter, the costumer, had an interview with MoxaaoKsn. At the Hmt atto unite with us, a informingramgtmtrUs ; nor should say measoie that is calcula- ted to keep »fty of oar Bouttwn States fron ns beago on the same subject, as they are practically set forth in the colossal instrumentation of his ILrst really"less desperadoes who will bring the jieople tainly, in 1859 to protect the human voice against other account of tha interview of Sacretaiybut, in-to salt and prrs^erved nicas. The safe return of ject the application of the people of Kansas dependent of these considerations, great as they are, 1 1 th hung a man named Rus.sell Hinds, i n Linn of the new dispensation. lie gre«' up out of IlcaoLD this inoniing, and wlU leave for Southern g»'»««« to-one of more importance, and far greater Import, is coming thefactthatSouthCarolinaherselfisdividedinsenti- gratulatory editorials in the newspapers, in whicli scs.sion of Congress, will be universally re- ment on this agitating subjtct. Aluch difference ofas we can "whose '* Liidovic" left uiiiinished, was completed bymorrow morning with 100 dragoons and two pieces atthe Prince ha<l caused \}:c greatestamong the people, «!d wa.- the suhji-ct ol con-for theasrejo; ingsoffence,for admission into the Union at theCo.,gath-the yoimg IIalevv, and successfulH' playedand outartillery, Capt.Bais incommand. Troops hare start-tlie American people were warmly complimented. garded as a flagrant injustice and as an insult opinion respecting the policy of the measure per- negroes" in Kansas. On the night of the 14th witli many of his most felicitous combinations uf eticcl. divisions will rendezvous at Mount City, sixteen mileaThe screw steamship Ci'y of Bilutnorr, from to the ICovtIi and it would tend ;Liverpool on the Hth, and nijceiistov^n on the 15th inst., arrived at this port yotterda;-. Her advicesby telegraph rti Qncer.ptovs n. are one day later than tho.-o brought by Ilie ArdL'o. Fraxcis II. has rejected the proi.esals for tue cvaeuafion of (laela. He has under his command 13.000 men, and relies on the strength of the fortress. Gabi-veryin " La Juive,'' a scries (-f grand optical and dramutic efl'ccts. and Paris has aundred him accordingly ever since, but listened to him no more than it could help. New-York will do the ssiine, we tliink. New-York, on Monday night, lavished its good will with an equal band on manager, author and singers. It is hard to say w^lch most deserved the ovation.Blusically, the honDrs of the evening belonged toofSecrecy is preserved by officials, regarding their plan of operations. Moar- ooMtET acknoniedses tlie late murders. He siateatlist no fugitive slave could be iake:i back to Missourithat of conciliation spirittowhich will be so essential to thement of the differences which now distract thecountry.This question of the immediate admissionthe Democratic Party. Xo Northern Democrat can longer persist in pandering to the spirit of Slaveryquestionindependent nation,into the discussion of the disunion movement, whenever that movement shall become seri-nothingor extenuation of these proceedings.has the rareVirginia will not be likely to pledge herself to South Carolina unless she this momujg will be found to corroborate the in- Mr. BiGLEB, Mr. Tuomfson of New-Jersey, and first knows what lier policy upon this subject telligence Miven yesterday, and will still further probably Gen. Lane, and the California Sena- will be. And whenever it comes up for dis-troops had started from Pon Biley for the samedestmation, the two bodies to rendezvous atHound City, sixteen miles from the Missouri bor- would have been weaker than it is if it had appearance. It is even said that he was inshe Is one of the most pleasbig of our artistes.News from 91atan:^.as.The U.S. Mail steamship ilatanztis, liomMa-tanzas, at C o'clock P. M., on the 22d inst.. arrived atthis port last evening.On the 24th the wind shifted in a sudden squall from-PracecdlasB A«ala*t Ki«la«piwra-'I*» Shaoring afJeaBlsaa-Cauae aa^ Pragreaa af tke DiOealtieo.From Onr Own Correspondent. Mapltto.v, Tuesday, Nov. V, 180SLl-^kland, from Baltunore for I'anama, loiv .'ered only justification offered Peru for the high-objection against a Committee of the Board of Aldermen, it is positively suspicious thus toThe coming crops are verj' promising. 'I'hc cane forcement of that obligation. wcatiier.a palliation.My last contained aa error oroff the River Platte on tlie 6th ofbythat I willpreviously reported. The crew left the shin' in Jthey—A Prophetic Foreboding. In some com- Almosttlicwhs Udnappinathat theconceded their propriety and given satisfac- tion.whim of itsifisuuciance,few minutes before the time appointedilj "^^^ TM°*' absurd stories were in circulation lelatlTe to the declared intentions ofMoHtcojiEBvtake into consideration Leavenworth,the condition of afiairs, at the Peruvian Minister for Foreign Affairs, otherWhich sentunent was somewhat divided as to thefor hisat one end of thewere deploringand re-formed or destroyed, at tlieseparate members.and his defiance of thewhile theVfe have already published the circular of his ill-health and " feverish "troops. Amassmestin-'of the Bepubhcanp had been held at tobuilding,course to in which the Peruvian version of the dispute p-jr.-ue-oneextremity SurelyKansas tfcat difflcolties,amproperresolution that the party deciding by isproc«e>nngE of Montgomeky elaboratelypursuance>*ere ill-tmied and unjustiiiable. and the otlier partythmkingit bettertoawaitpositiveinforma- tion before commg to any conclusion.utable lawyer could settle in five minutes. to make our anxious and liliely tax-payersout"(Scote.'nuor as handed act is that'had taken cargoeshas from tlie late cold gained considerablytwo,The sake of thethree boats, one of wliich capsized, and the occu- of guano at the Chinchas contrary to the Reg- evade examinationcpcraJioiicorrecting.penonwereother two boats. One of t'nese wasbeachmg, and seven out of the twelvewere drowned. The re.mREnl of the crew arrived both the Peruvian Government and our own at Bio Grande on the UVh ofto tmsCity in the brigrivedyesterday.bySupervi-ments published in this paper on tlie 20d inst.,pantapiclicd up and divided between the lame.vto dewhich a law of the isThe stock ot sugar Is reduced boxes, and altiiough tlie accountto scarcely 3,000 from Earoj* wereSef^tember, and ca.-ne Youai; Anvrica, which ar-capacity inquestionhadloadedwithguano thefirsttime,haveneverbeencapsized in men in herAlderman Brady Committee forthwith to present a bill of items" ifState.sistbonds offrom theCountyandrelativebyappear to be the vesselsand " if nottaken a t>ysmall party of the citizens of Linn County,proper adjust-NisoN.from the Charleston (S. C.) Newsreports wiiieh reach us fh>m 'Weston, in the State the popular will. They have received such in- differences of sentiment among the Southern been cofrcively brought back iato the Union, if tliat;spirit,of types.Of the horses, the scenery, the costumes and the would now remain to prevent theasnadleaslswohich are ad-grouping, as they belong to the .Uojc'**, raUier Uian vertised for the 3d of December, to take poa-satim- thcjnblic that the first reports of the new tors, have received unmistakable evidence oftroubles w*re very much exaggerated. Even the cussion, it will inevitably lead to very greatsof Miasoori, are of a decidedly less belligerent structions as no who cherisheswere possible, stand to the other States' Woaldbe that of colonies—subdued provinces ?itwho politicianhad of future favors at the hands of thehopes people,States themselves.We wish those who contend that, although there Is no partthat if suchscstion of Vernon and Bates Counties in the meaa-Peruvian Governmentstated. It is one that any" fearful, short curling sea, threatening to sweep the yet but imperfectly understood by the public I am or in it is simply a question of decks of everything. This weather continued until aware tbat the popular sentiment is areiaa to aaak coming ; noon of the 2jth. scenes ai, I am about to describe, still tke consldai*.Comercio,Upon all matters of fact in the case,siLL HiKSS. Be vrasfor guilty of shooting at Dr.given Reglamento fact that Mr. Platt is said to secrete himselfComercio,—and we further that IS not denied—that the actualyItheCoauniaaiaaera to coimily with the law, &.c.Special Committee of nve was appointed to inves- vesselsthe subject. The Board will.meet again ontried andnotice was giren that he would be hung between taa hours of T and 10 oVdock on the Hth, and if any of hia friends wished to witness the execution, they were(jaa.cannot in allay public anxiety.requested to be present Or if any tramrvanted to offer any forcible Interfiereace, they notified that an would be offered, wkeacontrary to the provisions of thedeBridge,and £>ilare on the part of the Buildin" of the Chinchas at the time had abolishedAt a meeting of the Boan! ofSm^rvisors, yester-a conunanication was rrceivcd from" and submitted to the Board at its next meet- ing," we confessed some suspicions of the Alderman's sincerity, the motion containing02,000 for the preceding one.Freights remain without alteration. In Exchangeday,MCBFHT in relation to the HarlemSeiitor how in eeeaa'of reconstmction, pointmg out defects inasay— point in consultation with the Mayor, while the Sutigate tofillvteanclesinthelistofmspectorsand recognize. Frli^yreceivedbyMessrs.Hovlasdtcnonecameexceptassilentspectators.When Mr. Hisbb was Informed of his senteae* hawas told that he would have time to dictate a wlB, If hedesiredtodoso. HerepUedthathewoaldUato leave one, audit was immediately piepaied aoeuidlaaHe conceded that the Ow to his directions. postUoaKansas ware nowpeople In Southern taUacaaacanvassers of electi<m. The Committee appointed Peru was then distractedChief Justice Taney has arrived at a of The pruoeedings of the City Fathers on last Umonial to periodAsFiawAU, for a tes- brig iUnnie Schiffer.by; the Supervisera to inquire with regard to the and for a lengthened interestonCityde|Knitsmetagainat1 o'clockP.and the absence of undue Monday evening confirmed the correctness ofa TM;,- •* WiArnoId, Constable *A these rules, and hadThe Capt. WUssn SabaerirtlaB. Nrw-Yoas, Tueiday, Nov. S7, IMO.M. The County Treasurer had personally informedthe clerk before that hour that he was unwell andcould not be present. The Committee adjourned latter was in possession of the southern halfwjththe understandiagthat a (ui;><ena should be of Peru heof three score timemakinghis motion that it was not in10 00 tenable and and expressed his waatar jusUfiable,issued to compel his attendance at a future meet- ing, to be held on a dav not apeclfied.;ManhattO.ts. 20 00 R, C. Root, .AnthonyAt Clambers of thebefore Jua- his Government atwater as to whether he is or is notJ. Hanlngtoa ply with the order then so ostentatiously Ca*u.5 OOi 1000Previously ledgeJacknuw- 7,1(16lightbefore. Jinnsea, as ttie leader at.flm' Captmadeafewremark*toQioeaittemalk.a*mmrCourt,Arequipa. PresidentCas-00SOOO ToM,. ...i7,-J7a N al, besides biii own puty, had gatliexed i« (ai wltnw^visitingthesubstituted others, which Chinchas were obliged tolikely NotBighttoWobbtHim.—Thevenerable tion."to last until after the December elec-opportunitywar, was ex- tremely doubtful whether President Castillaor his rival, Echeniqck, would succeed Thehealth. It is not —by periodcivilofitmaking repose.00;s 00 5 00 5 00possessorsare vainly waiting for hispromisedthere was very littl e'unlesscan firstahave some idea of the basis of its policy.ous and practical.the character of Hackti, w hich neitlier in tiie score nor in the book merits the abeimion of tliis fine artist's re- markable qualities. Carl Formkh was prelatical andand did not molest the town in any way whaterer- Mo>Toc.MEfiT'.><objectfor thepresent,it seems,wa*consultation with theThisisall andabsurd. Soutli very puerileCarolina is under the most solemn obligationsa can assume to obey the Con- which Statestitution ofpervisors appearance degree tenddoingjMisaoailand toexplanations,any on its face the germs of a postponement "veryware The loilowing additional Bubscriptiens have been they could be accommodated in that respeot. Batlifeexcitement essential —'Adams Co Expressand wUl enter largelyplacemen. AdetachmenthadenteredFortMayor, Supervisorsof the llall.Mr. Piatt must be aware that thethe United States, and all lawsthe N'. W., and at 5 o'clock the wind increased to athe Board ofsors, who have an unquestionable right to in-upon ChamberlainCity Treas- perfectly agreed. -We admit that urer. These bonds, as we are now told forin hisasThere no demand, hoidirs ».ll no douot have to beingon their own account.The stock!- both in Havana aad MaUnzis are aboutindemnityand was notJiaai-it isto keep an old public servant, who has long provingCash. CampbeU SOOP.R.*Corightabsolutelythat Alderman Beady knew at thesymptomsat theme to drawmade inrep- course he is pursuing in this matter 13 one has to do. It is not a question of goingTwo American vessels were seized by a " feverish " in the extreme. Ungracious as itThe ship Oliver Jordan. Capt. Rokrins, of Peruvian man-of-war and confiscated, and the may have been to set up a merely technical be applied will be directed solely to tlie en- state of health.;convicteda in day. by jury openTliencontrolled the tradechas, and had established the head-quarters of and ten, in perpetual doubt, hesitation and hot the power of the Board of Aldermen to com- LH.aUmerBios. 20 00| k Co.Supremelice HpocBOOH. spplication was yesterday made TtUA had no more actual authority in tUe an incumbent of the honorable office which given. The bill of items, with varioob docu- Cm*..'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.party,sUntitled Documenttheprepared,"prepared,"then toand the Board every second or third day in removing the old of Brady's motion, exclusive cbvge of th«HKSfVU. Hamqr SeptAUaaafee.LiAraswena, K.T., Monday, Nor. MLResolutions, reported the aai foUowtag preaabUlaaolotioasButevenT' were inactire. The Freight engagements were re- American vesseb in question could be jus- as a free gilt from the Heraid. Next day, the against its conclusion we have to enter a non EaaMm Kansas, which leaves little rooa toPeru, and, by i«rity ofprepared by some of the principal recelrera, ap- the worid with China and with many of the but it has even gone so far as to appoint two exultant Alderman, "but they will have to held on Thursday evealng, at the District CootJudge Taney frompear in our report of the Qeneral Markets. Cotton Spanish-American States would be almost or three different lawyers to fill his workBepnbiieaa^ cooUnned room, Mayor MoDowau preelded. A Conalttee aa,was depressed. PrOTidons werequiet.BioCoSise placs.U)T. it.'^«^»'f°i'i%"2dSo..wUeiafcm. moderate Fish,Molasses,Metals, request.:Hemp, Hides, Laths, NstsI Stores, Oils, Bice and Tobaccostricted.The Admission of Kansas.It is to be hoped that one of the first actsWhtrtas inteUlgenoe has l>eea receivad Horn Itified, there is no excuse whatever fjr their claims of Caleb CtrsHUio are remembered, sequitur. Should Bbady be reelected, it can that civU war bai been added to the cause of Iconfiscation ; and when Mr. Clat proposed and Black is kiclced over with as much ruth- only prove that a that the subject should be referred to a mixed Jessness as Taney. On the third day it dis- District are notmajorityof the voters in his which already oppressed that secttoa ofnever resigned nor ever thought of resigning"moral oblivion as to have no blush on findingand on'up from week to week, and the issae of to-day unblushingly reaflirms the faltehoad which theCapt Wilsos, Kev.MrJIenay.Cal-. ^JT.^"Rcv.s.MaloDe,WU- Co....UamsboTrt .... i 00Rev. Uuii MeGtdre 5 00 Cash..Rev.J.Hofof the Chin- passed the allotted term years Rober—anylongerThe Kansas Troubles.morning,Kansas. It confirms the statements which thistoembroilOSiaarlilng oat of that question, with the people of aarlight uponhave been made of the movements ofladles, and new gloves among theway dampen very considerably the legitimate at-;steepedinUllman proposes to repeat to us, withdraw all objections to the destruction of musical triumphs of the year. 'We trust that in thiscontradicted. Weofferto the forty-mile Tortugas bridge, if the HeraldproperTo-night attheAcademyofMusic,oneofthemostremarkablebywhen they TOtedbeforethem inrepentancedays, and he vaunted, whUe referring to the successthe papers," or so represented by a man who makesMr.hesplendors of the andionce as well as the effects of thecrowded frota pit to and with a gallery,thepocptearara' newal of civii war in the ooanUes of BaaMk^MAthrownThe letter from our Kansas correspondent brilliant illiunlnatlon. The lights of the Academy queatioB of Slavery in Kansas, wa coaidaoa all'.at>and hi mosphere of the Opera, which is, or ought to be, thatThe resolutions were sapported by aereral, aad uf- posed by Akthoht, HcCaboh and others, on Aa It represents him as being at the head of a ments, passions and anxieties of the " garish day." ground that no Information had been recelted to jka-tify the belief that civil war existed in the Territory,band of men who haveof the Courts of Law, and undertaken the ar-rest, trial and punishment of persons accused complete the tier of the lowerdiated. Butonlyof the Prince of Wales' ball, in-menattemptthus to 'wrest theregularusurped the functionsUnder the blaze ofassumed a festive air, altogether unoipccted by theproscenium boxes, whichand agreeably leplaces the Iddeous vomitoria of the old is to punish the crime of kidnapping ne- regime, with their oeciilatlng hordes of lounging Phil- isthies, were Inaugurated most successfully. Never did the New-York Opera House seem so truly a house:ofcrime andtheirbalconies,mostof opera as en Monday. The management, perhaps'because it was linown that the tenance to any such project, and even in the ing the border, or interfering with the slaves wijh a delicate eye to future economies, announce loaiag preamble and resolutions were adoptedCongress,electoral vote of the new State w^ould be cast for Mr. Lincoln.:InXnsrecu,we have no reliable inlbimatlon oalin Missouri or Arkansas, isthat the luminous magnificence of this occasion, wasWhereas, It is reported tbat difficulties of ahave inflicted.tive aid of the great body of our citizens, who surprUing theyappointed.intelligence bam Lawreace tbat ^< llintheirselves from violence and maintain their civil and the orchestra. When weapplaudedto struggles protectthem-longSaturday, harl^to the humor of theage, that it is really should never havesotheyhaveremember that the interview, MaaTaoiuKT,with forty-three and political rights. But they will forfeit all only a year ago M. II.uevt, as the organ of an Impe- engaged ia the trial of a man diatged wiihessentiallyWe haveGovernor Bxxbx arrived then onclaimtosympathyi^theycountenancesuch rialCommissionontheMusicalPitch,madeavery tWiim^^brilliant report to the French Government on the ne- a free negro. The man, whose name iras not | proceedings upon according cessity of re<lucijig the diapason Intensely and unnatu- was found gtiilty, and hung la tbe preeenoe of!ourcorrespondent,whoapprovestheconduct rallyelevated theList duringas those which, toThe local authorities of theshould lose no time in arresting a gang of law-tered.TerritoryCity, on Saturday evening, report all qniel;cution of thethus far. He has merely in- In truth, M. Halsvv, although a man of decided licltation of Bxebx he was set free. On being expea-tulated with, Moxtgoiubt is as deAad reported havingally concernedperpetratedspiredJesnisos seems to be the active agent in these atrocities. It seems that he and his men on thein theand directed the movement. .\ Dr. ability, is very far from being a genius. It is thenearlyer froiu^the rather blind account, of hunting ofAL'BEB, whose delicate alRuence has inspired him ed from Fort PJley to the same destination. The tiaadeci- vades all classes of our community, anl this Is not a a man named Moore was shot dead, for re- Appreciating tlie tendencies of Ids age, he gave J'.tri.c,fruin the Missouri State line.time for agitating and discussing this Important ques- tion, or any other that may divide our people.**It will not be easy to suppress the discus-sion of so important a question as this for any great length of time. The several States will scarcely be willing to embark in a scheme forfusing to surrender when summoned by .Jek-tlieHe was accused of having been con- cerned in the hanging of a man named Carli.vthough he was not tried for that or anyotheroffence. Twoothermenweretried for some other crimes by this extemporethat State, Arkansas and Texas. If the cobm troopsWarsaw, Alonday, Nov. 26. Dr. MiLToa, a resident of tliis City arrived fitnn Fort Scott on Saturday evening, whither he had been on business connected with the Land Office, He re- ports, ttiat MoTiTGOHBeT in person was encampedlastJuly,him in couldwhipanyofsmallparties.not cruel appearing, but Alderman Dahhagh clearlyto his continuance in our suspicions, the bill of items not only•for lack ofto be said in justification sung by Poliuto In the first act of Do-nihitti's mostadorning by they will be stopped with all practicable dis- tions. He gives a wonderful variety and relief to theit is ourthat the world of music owes the ricii religious prayerScolt, and finding the Government officers had fled and Om Court, which was to tiave lieen held on Moodaj last be held to a rigid legal responsibility for their Mine. Fabbbi made a less felicitous appearance in was broken up, they seemed to be satisAedSecession am) Coercion.—Theisonly to murder the officers and thereby break up thefollowing" In what relation would seceding States wliich had iltixia—not by any means, uc it saii^tlic nio-1 exacting friends In custody. He pabiicly declared that bawillfrom the report published in another column, clear implication of such right, would name the clause pomps and vanities well descrvs their rank.had an interview with MosTGOMir.T, who, whh a Peru, which ought to have been settled several by all bodies of men in authority to ascertain Such talk as this displays a very crude no- the ears of our Brooklyn friends with their old-fash- kit's men having been in Missonri. Judge Wn.ut—body of his men, was engaged in trving a man years ago, has at length reached a climax, and thecharged with kidnapping a negro. One account al- leged that the man was found guilty, and hanged in the presence of the acting Governor, while another represented that he was set free at his solicitation.Funds. ToIt seems ioned harmonies and their antiquated rigament-s. Inaddition to the original class, which, under control of Father Kzmp, has sang for us every Winter for yearsleft here yesterday for CUnteu. The small party af Minute-men which left here a few days since bars returned. They went as fur as Ball's Mills, aad re-Gen. Habxkt and Gov. Hkdabttowere reported to Kansas with one hun-favor. Doingfailasmiichexecn.be anything more than a matter conve- tion with her eyes as her voice, she is nightly encored, Paxrieulara of tke BzeeatiaB af Rassell Hiadacondition of thethe Board of Supervisors, yesterday, he senttion of the natureofthe Ministers uf the two countries have re-ceivedtheirpassports. WhilethepresentAd-ministration is in power, Peru can afford to be excuse for non-attendance, although it was ure,—presentCitygovernment.to assume that any State may go out of thea message that he was "feverish," as an—Union at pleasure, and come back at pleas-advanced Fort toward*prefixed by presentsclaimsfordred dragoons and two pieces of artfllery, and against her, they have been urged vrith such Chamberlain had been seen in the City Hall a nience for the several States, to be dissolved, and bids fair to become one of the most popular, asthat the Union was neverpast, young designed —unfortunately•'a Mrs."— her Scctt the less they heard of the difficulties.:all .she has ofsongandCourt, and prevent thetrial of somethirtyof bispowerful in tiie Cartiiuatus in the character of Kit-A painful sense thereof. This is all she heavy gale, which contbiued with violence, raising a another view of Southernobeytng the law, and any coercion that may The city and harbor of .Matan.^as was in a perlect lions which follow will prorc, 1 trust, to soa.-ill the estates I St December next.will be in fullbyno time inwas hung on the Uth inst in Unn County was Baa-to a motion madeon the previous evening, ordering the Japanese better, there arc uo oj*rations to report at present. negroes,shiphave said bill of items prepared without delay li8,0<X) boxes against 177,000 bo.ves liLst year, andgentlemen,neighboring State, whether made witbout or by Naliifiers within our boideis.and Mme. Bishop•«to under- therefore.quite time, cer-;impressiongavuwe haveof must hereafter preiiominate over'lhe Art of !Mu.':c at tlme. MoxTccKGBT is said to be regularly encampedtothe Academy, as they do over the Art of the Dramaa and beautiful songstress named Nicqols ported that the nearer theytezt for to the miserlea of adding25 00 that he had neverrlewedIt in He SMa;favor of tke exa- Fugitive-Slave Law, and that at the aa-and Sidd he would continue hisoperations againstagainstlargebodieshe would dedge them, aadofduty promptsespecially hungsoa in Mound Cltjr, as I vras first informed. He waaby Disankaiatamen,waai www.fultonhistory.com 