 pally ooaiaad to the rata* 094 Holland.The London Times city article says—This hasbeenthe trtt transfer day to stock* lately that Cor tbe division, aad as aaaal oa such iwosstona there hare been a number of small aalea. Prices, therefore, bave shown dnlness, although the accounts Iran tbe Parte Bourse were rather leas unfavorabto. la the dtecount market there was a tendency to easa, and loans an gorsnwmut securities are freely obtained m stock exchange a t t w o par cent IB foreign exchange this afternoon bills upon moat place* were to demand, anl the rales for Hollaad aad Hamburg were slightly lower than ten) post I k e Austrian quota- tions indicate increasing distress in the finance of that empire.AboutJM,000 la bargold,wastakenfrom(HeBankto- day for t h e continent.Tbe flank returu attests the sstivity of the recent de- mand foraad, indeed, in all of the principal cities of Europe, the garbage b o x is unknown. A t stated intervals each d a y , carta pass around a n d receive the garbage a n d refuse from t b e houses. A n y departure from thte regulation to promptly followed by arrest, and the parties offending punished. A hke system will uHimately foroe itself upon the favorable attentton of our cttteeaa, aad there is no reason which presents itself to the underslaned against Its early adoption.oeunxa GROtnroa.Among other causes of complaint UM dumping groundstor UM manure and garbage of the city are invariablyexpeeeto heat and rains such portions of the manure as m»y not bave previously partaken o f UM benefits o f these ete- mesta. Daily complaint! a r e received from property owners and others who are made sufferers by a residence in t h e neighborhood o f these pestiferous dung heaps T h e passage o f an ordinance prohibiting t b e dumping o f stable manure upon any vacant lotor elsewhere, unless for pri-any business intercourse.with any firm included Is Its "blacklist." Thewaytowhich itproposes toproceedwe giveinitsewswords:—cent*' influences which flaw out of It in s thousand cban nete torefine and adorn society, to ameliorate and bless mankind,possiblymaybeabletotellns. Tneirtheories are very fine and their talk very soothing;-but an occa- sional chapter from the rugged workings of the laatitue shows a diminution of no leasThe total is neat reduced to a point a t which any fuither drain of Importance would probably toad toan advance to Um bank rale;of discountThe com and batten show a decrease of £349,2301The bank has raised the price of fine gold to 78s. perasm ling community. Under the most favorablelife.As there was no preaching or other religious exercise inThe 41,844,860.UM place, Mr. Beaver w a s wont to callgether on the Sabbath to read she Btote and hear aser men. Ii was soon rumored to toe tittle vtUnge, although ihe rwawir wan unknown to him, "that Bssvsr srsnehed aboliuon sermon*,'' a n d e n Saturday night ftstolsaas eve—he waswaited on at a little after one o'clock—rattier early e n Sunday morning that wan—by s large detegatlm offatsneighbors At first he ratoaad themadmittance, butastheygavethen-namesassomeoftbemnstrespectThe Colonial produce markets hare not presented any the manure and garbage Immediately upon arrival. It istablished. W e here copy UM lists as they stand in the able persons to UM neighborhood, and threatened to breakUnion,Oslf of Mextoo,ofwhich he wss to he?' aad the " csnxsssnder-m chief' of its ""1 hordes." Th*iathe mantowhom Iamexpected isex tend my sympathy, to call a hers, a satat, a martyr, the•deepdamnationofwheat taking oC'hashadnopa raltelislhe htetory of the world " since the erueuhnna <* our Savi mr"—all thte 1 a m called upon to endorse, to accept a s aoosdsantsmeat.as true humanity' O s e torhid thai 1 should ever b e struck wish such Judicial blindness as that. K o , M toe memory of John Brown b e execrated, let his name be a byword s s d reproach; let our ehtidreaimportant alteration this Week, and the improvement established during the holidays has, with a few excep- tions, been wall maintained.REPORTOfTHECITYINSPECTOR.Deaths hi 18S9h-ln- prwvc4Saittarj:Condition0rthe Cityproposed that the cart, upon receiving its load, shall pro-ceed forthwith to the place where such scows are loctt-ed, and empty itscontents into the same, and the boatwhen loaded shall immediately leave, and give place to hazard from contagion from a Beat within. Others, again,columns of the Confederacy:—BLACK LIST, OE ABOLITION B00SSS.in the door, hestruck a tight and admitted themThey demanded h is books and papers, a n d b e shewed them They then asked for hie private tetters, a n d theyReforms Proposed,fcc., fee.Nsw Yoaa :—GCSTLDUK—In conformity) with the requirements of theordinance organizing the"Department of ths Municipal government of the City of Sew York," I have the honor herewith to transmit tbe annual report of this department for the year 1869, containing, as will be found in tables annexed. the number of deaths in the city, the diseases, sex, nativity, color and ages, daring that year ; also the number of births and marrteges reported to this depart-ment for the same period. Attachedisareportfrom,tberegisterofrecordsandstatistic* of this departmentInafewdaysI shall havethe further honor,->ftrans-mitting to your body the result of the sanitary surveys made under the direction of this departmentVtry refpeotfuUy, your obedient servant,DANIEL E. DELAVAN, City Inspector.REPORT.The number of deaths from various causes reported toDOCKS..iehial Bead; Brewnson, Stoeutn A Hopkins; Warren A Wilson; his business, because n o bad read the Bible o n Sundays litf rally " n i l in their member*?" N o ! that wja't d o Carhart A B r a ; Davis, JtoWe A Co.; R T McKay; Hotchktes,Fer.ner A Bennett; Baldsta A Starr; Wax. Brays* A Co. L es- in a room where negroes were sometimes present in il.eir cate—but pubbc sentiment roust speaito it againstCmr I?*isrTO*'s Dm"AKTttievT, XBW VORK, Jan. 23, ISflO. Jthis office during the year 1869 were 21,046, an improve-mentovertheprecedingyearof688,notwithstandingthetarge increase to our population from births and immigra-tion. This flattering condition ot the public health mayin a great measure be attributed to the vigilance used b ythis department in abating and removing nuisances of longstanding, aad b y strict attention to the sanitary wants andnecessities of the city; as, for instance, the month ofSeptemberlastwillshow,aspertables annexed,aleasnumber of deaths than those recorded during the same railroad cars from the country, as also byTKXKMimBl-U-DOVOS. Withoutpersonalobservationtoassist,Itwouldbediffi-noutces the merchants of that city wbo maintain business relationswithClaflia,Mellen A:Co. of New York, be- cause,itsays,thepartnersmthatfirmallattendthe Rev. Hetry Ward Beecbcr s church. It moreover threat-visaed for France. I should remark that m y passport is anAmericanone,grantedtometotheUntiedStates,and signed by the Minister in due form. It states—what is ths fact—that I am a citizen of toe United States. I w a s born to Massachusetts. Upon m ymonth for the last quarter of a century, thus demon-strating the practicability of still further largely reducing summer the public press frequently referred to the mat- the mortality of the city. When compared with tbe cities ter, witnrut in many instances being aware of the realcause ofthis Duisance. Particularlyduringheavywea ther the smoke from the chimneys is beaten down by thepressutcof theatmosphere,and becomes scattered farand wide,penetrating dwellings andcarrying with itspoisondiseaseanddeath. Alltheexperimentswhich have been tried by the proprietors of these establish-SARAH P . REMOND Tbe Hon. — DALLAS, Americas Minister, 24 Portlandplace.LSCUTIOXOFTTfEU.VITKDSTATES.1 L' >.\i>o>-, Dec. 14. 1863. /JLPSSARAITP. Roiosn:— IamdirectedbytheMinistertoacknowledgetherccriptof Europe, and taking into account the extent of ourforeign immigration andUsesanitaryconditionof thosearriving here, New York cityat thisdaycan layjustclaimtotheprivilegeofbeisgnumberedwiththoseofthemoat healthy of the world. This is abundantly confirmed ments for the abatement of this nuisance, by means of by the statistical records of those cities. While these re- exhaustion pipes and other contrivances, have failed ofuntilthematteris takenInband bythosehavingcharge over it, ana compel the erection of dwellings for the poor inaccordancewiththelawsolhealthandlife.JSWILI. MILK. Humanityhereinterposes,andcallsfortheimmediateand{hishouseholdgods, tourneyed intotbeOldDominion, and after looking around him cast his eye upon an exten- sivefarmorplantation,just a fewmitesbelowhere,in the countyof Prince George,whichhe purchased,duly paying therefor to cash This was about four years ago. Intbebosomofafertilewheatandcorngrowingcountry-evtdcrcemusthavebeenverypalpable and theoSTence heinous.—Columtea South Carotin an, \Un..TRIALorSTKPHKNSANDHAZLBTT—The I,"gi«latareof Vir- ginia having authorized a special term of the-Circuit Court forthecountyofJefferson,JudgeParkerhasdirectedofjour noteoftoe12thinsi,audtoaayinreply,ha mutt, of course, b e sorry if any of bJU countrywomen, ir respective of color or extraction, should think him frivo- lously disposed to withhold from them facilities in his power to grant for travelling on tbe continent of Europe, but when tbe indispensable qoaliticatious for aa American passport—thatoftbe"United Statescitiaensuip''—doessults offer cause for congratulation, the suggestion m aytheir objeet Tbe bills of mortality in the neighborhoodadvantages formarket,trade, Ac ,nesettled quietly down with his family, intending to spend the few remaining days of his life—for he was hastening rapidly into bisStephens and Hazlett, twoofthe Harper's Ferry conspira- tors, will then be tried.of these establishments show an alarming disproportion of be alkiwatthat whatever of additional improvement the deaths over those sections of thecity where they are not public health is to meet with will depend in a great mea- suffered to exist The subject is one requiring the early:threescoreyears Hebadbroughtwithhimhiscreden-CtacfiAinro HELPKR'SBOOK—Jessee Wheeler, formerlysure aponlhe support received by this department at yourattention of your honorable body.by law that it should exiat, a just sense ot bis official eoti gallons under instructions received from his government as long ago as tbe 8th of July. 1866, and since then strict ly conformed to, constrains him to say that the demand ofOar natural sanitary advantages, if equalled, are certain-ly not surpassed by those of any city on the continent ofEurope, and there is no Jnst reason why New York shouldcontinue a n y longer t o occupy a n inferior position, in asanitary point of view, with all these advantages at com- Common Council for tbe correction of present evils andresults arrived at:— others and charitable towards all. In UM Sabbath school,1st Tbehousingofmilchcow*in greatnumbers within the ;nthestated meetings and services of UMchurch, heas- narrow space allotted tothem in the distillery stables of this sumed and faithfully discharged all those duties expected city, of Brooklyn and Williamsburg, t* of Saalf suflietent to in one of bis standing, piety and intelbgence. In hisand is advertising itself to Northern papers as an excellent meeiumfor Northern business m e n to advertise their wares in at the South. And the Boston Pilot, the RomanEiectfully, your obedient servant BEN'J. MORaN, AssisUat Secretary of Legation.mand. Letas glance at has situation. The city opens upon a line bay,with an outjet to the ocean. On either aide it is skirted by noble rivers, with the prospect that in a very few years the whole island will be open to naviga- tion. With our Croton water, recommending itself for its wholesome qualities and supply to every want, with a one substratum (or drainage, our low lands filling np by tbe aid ot capital and b*citations, a more pure circulation of sea air by the wkieaiogs, openings and connection from river to river of our streets, together with other nume- rous sanitary changes daily .malting, promise largely for the future, and confirm the opinion already expressed that New York h a s within herself every essentia! element tor the improvement a n t preservation of the public health. She la central to Ettrope. Asia and Africa, as well aa to the American continent ehe is the natural central po:nt »(' communication.hHwet n' California a n d \ n t r a l i a with Europe, and by her steaddy increasing population and the enterprise of her people. New York oity is destined at no very distant d a y to stand without a rival b y becoming the recognized centre of commerce, trade and health.STRUCT I'UUMXU.It is impossible to over estimate the importance of cleanstreets to the sanitary condition of the city The notice- able decrease in the i.ut»>r of deaths in the city, aa shown by the weekly reports of tbis department during tbe last six months, when, compared with tho<"> ot toe previous year, is the best frustration of this fact, foatd tbe reforms which ha"c hyeu undertaken by this de*art- mec.t. it is highly necessary that the work of cleaning street* febonld be performedatnight,andcompletedbe- • t o r e :• n o ' c l o c k i n t h e r r s S r c i n g i n s u m m e r , a n d s e v e nprovision for the future, the city bills of mortality cannotSIR—I bave toe honor to acknowledge tbe receipt of Ca'bolic organ in this country, after rehearsing at length your ktter of yesterday's date. The purport of youractual nece&Btties of the city, and should be atonce super- department having *barge of it The filth thus collectedCTWH.,thus submitted to the Commonthose subjects which, In his ice to tbe public health. In fact at least will attract at- •ery limited power possessed meet the sanitary requirements ry case to which h e has called attention he Is without power to act, or where empowered, it is so circumscribed and limited that it amounts to almost nothing. While each of tbe other departments ofand proper purpose. Iam,tir,respectfully,yourobeiiantservant,sededbytheBelgianorRosspavement. Bothonthe sour* of economy and Um pubtte health thu change is re commended.a ,•-.,. -# ^naAt's aim UARRACI BOrat«t J*ZXl£<!? ortto«»c« t>r the more effectual provision nLfrnSVS*1?! T*•*"*to' approvaltothelateQ>m-vla^•n^o h i r L ^ 1 *««»g'iedVbut for reasonsnotshouldbeatonceplacedinclosecoveredcarts,construct- ed lor the purpose, and removed, without being permitted to remain and spread itsstench around.carekfs distribution of building materials over the side- walks a n a public streets, rendering them frequently im - passable, and in other respects constituting a nuisance. The remedy for this abuse does not properly come within UM power of this department, and it is only here spokenTbe undersigned Council his views judgment, are of their examinationimputingtometoemostmercenaryandsinistermotives, and charging mewith the "grossest inhumanity" anda 'ferocity of heart that would disgrace a heathen or a eavage." Tbe authors of these effusions were all veryJ. A. THOMAS, Assistant Secretary. (or on era Iwqstest*.FATALIV BtRxtn —Ann Clinton, a -• nj Iii*i m nman, died yesterday morning from the effects of boras caused by he-,r clothes taking fire on tiv previous ev\ n.ajf. She re- Ftded at Sa. 43 Iaurens street, aad bad b*en married but afewdays. CoronerJerkinaabellaninquestbnildtet,tenement building a garbage box of 'eachatrecstennsamyhoapjworedofbyth*r»t,iiuoe«»or 4\walk throughanyofthepublicstreet*wherVWn buildings are to be found will show the aeotaait* of t£u measure, ma&noateveryinstancewhereth*n^w, haskeendsposssailmboxhaorbarrelsprovidedfor»u lamptenn, they are aeon wAsr vtesM by the preiaaateaat ohlflbnler or rag nicker, aad thetr contents scatbred upon UMwalk,where,teaabortUrns,thematter.fromexpoeaammmwasnan. djj^p^mjammf^bdl anij VMlirWl JhllflBTImWirililP n>snof Usof newspapers published to the Western States, in which my card, above referred to,is paraded as a ' bu&iuwa notice," accompanied b y editorial notes and o m m o n u s o strikinglyanalogousincharactertothelettersIhivere- ceived here that I cannot doubt but that the-> have been furnished bythsfamepartieswhoadlre*a*»dm:th-<let- tersreferredto,andwho,inpursuanceoftheirthreatstoby throwing garbs ofienmssihiover to theproper , so'ar fromLtT^XXf*** rf U« nuisances of thecity. Thai they vided they CUMrssstotto*m**"*"? P*1'**!**0-property. HereheexpectedtospendUMrem-nant of his conscientious life, when, in an unexpectedInmosaaoy UmtoTMlm^erCnntn^1tot^^ads' ail*' essa^BB^^TM-^^^^^» ^^^^ v w ^V 4 I H W a a ^#^r^»*#*r** »*^» v *v **maydeempropertoneous hnpreasion that my brother too part of "Joseph of Arxsmtheato hex the body o f toe divine »r> Johnwas toIsreporteverysum oasaof to their nottea to the prenara mWMjm*^B*^ajSSl \ n SJSBSsnFdeSaintJensd %V*Ml»re*jeBSBtn,"STact tablishment to sight. and he sentcase that entire families become prostrate a n d deaths frequent, produced b y the foetid and impure atmosphere arising from t h e imperfect construction and connection o f the water closet pipes with the street sewer.This evil is one of easy remedy, to be effosted by the establishment of ordinance rendering it obligatory upon owners of buildings to Introduce pipes of certain dtmen skies, to be so arranged that all obstructions from thointheactualeondltiouof tie stables these deleterious effects81ematerially augmented by want of cieautuieaa. iasDfllcleotli^ht. and a vitiated stmespbere, not to speak of the restraintandwantofexercisetowhichthe ejwsaresubjected, nor the with free labor cultivated the soil in obedience to un who'emune food supplied to them.9d. T t e number ot cows at present kept at tbe few dirillery stables which stqi exist in this city la of no great aecounl, a s In allibry probably donotexceed six hundred. The business of supplyln* milk for this city from swill-fed cows is now mojtlv conducted at Williamsburs. or Eastern Brooklyn, where theSomli to becareful bow It treats Irishmen, or she may tote those in the North who have hitherto been her warm- est friends.Southern Trade—Curds of S e w York Mer- chants.TO THB EDITOR OF THE HKUALD.Our attention hasbeen called to an article in UMNewNEW YORK HERALD- TUESDAY, JANUARY 2 4 , 1860.-TRIPLB SHBBT extendprotectiontoUiepersonanAp»opertvofpeaceablebave beensubservedhadtoebodyofB^ora b<*enwith, herd fora rune at least, sntn theweak and morbn Ssati mentality n*tob seemed to hare possessed M aaaav mindsattheNorthis regardtobias,hadhadtimew> abate, and thereby Bave prat laded Sae autgraoef.il spec tacte wtdch was wasted af para4tag through the land is somewhat of the pomp and pnavsxiHj of a departed saint andhero,theremainsofacriminal whopaid the 4*»to renelty tor a crime which has never had a parallel to tha history of our country. The fr-pey tebetnos, whteh flQed all Chrttvr.com with a universal sssssmsntnf hatter w a s venial in comparison. For what did thte wretch and hte coadjutors meditate and essay to setsafest* No leas than a servile insurrection, which cannot h a wester d e - scribed than to t h e language o f Joshua B Qwdssas, o f Ohio, the champion of abolitionism, foreehadoalag in toe etrsreet manner the programme s r John Brown's sstestoa which w ea initiated ia tbe attack and msaaacraat Har-KOBEFUELFOBTIEFLAMEOPRET0LUTI05. dtiaeps,justify toe high handed ac*of running off white men' because they, perhaps, happen to autertaia certain,The tendency of Ik* foreign eschsngss this afternoonwas not favorable, butthe actsal rsducUou was ptinci It may not be amiss here to note UM mot that to many, employed atstated periods to overturn th > matter, and to pose of ascertainii g whether any of them dares to have such fine eloquence declaim upon the "wise and hemesty were dull and shgbtiy flatter, owing apparently to the indieatams of nnoastaras on the Paris B*Jrae. The decline, however, scarcely amounted to >-,per east"The In—nrl far money hataot slackened, aad tho ap ptcattana at the Bank to-day were agate large, yet too beet bum art still takam It Lombard street at2 * par centabuse continues, whereas a strict attention to their in- structions would go far ks abating this nuisance.wnfle upon thte subject UM undersigned would call the attention of the Common Council to the stable manure private dumping grounds ao widely scattered abouttheTbe subject baa already been presented to the CommonCouncil, recommending UM passage of a a ordinance mak-teg owners of tenement bufdldiianagns personally responsiblefor each violation of ordinance b y tenant Tbe under-signed • emytecedthatthe adoptionof an actto UUs af-fect would be productive of much food aad lessen UMevil complained of. A few prompt examples of parties of change of weather, there to undergo the process of "rot- tnemks of the South, whom no Southern man should deal virtually deprive noa stoveholders of their property T fending, and to every instance where their guilt was ting/'requiringmonthsandmonthstofititfora market with; and it avows its purpose to dog and watchUte Ye who affect to teach the people the manifold blessings tstabBt bed, would aid in putting an end to this abuse. To expedite UM process of "rotting" gangs of m en are tiadersof Georgia, and Atlanta especially, for the pur- which are inseparably connected with slavery, and withtion of cess pools. Old weHs and cisterns wherever m a t bcod of these places. The accumulation at these docks with, if convenient, are at once converted into receiversB^rwmsndteceudterlsm. ItUieyarenet,miMtsmaenyu Thefollowingselectionsalsoappearia yesterday'sTH- nor'teoghwhenthetefswnssnrth,'yetIshall hail itas uaeer o*S before too world, and say who they supported forprotested against by the people resldmg In the neighhor-or piers of large deposits of street manure and garbage, where aot untrequeeUy it remains for weeks a n d months before being removed, poisoning UM atmosphere with its stencli, and entenxut into every habltasiott a n d dwelling, are circumstances by no means calculated to improve the sanitary condition ot UM city, or promote UM health of those who are Urns forced to inhale this tetid a a d poison ous atmosphere. Frequent changes, arising from c o m plaint of location, have been made, but It is merely the removal of. thte nuisance from o n e neighborhood to a n - other, with theaame consequences, in every instance, foi towing the change. People m ay complain aad protest against these abuses aa they will, but until those to whom they have delegated thepower to correct them take ac- tion in the matter and attend to their petitions, the evil most remain unredressedSome final disposition of this nuisance is insisted upon by UM community a t large. A plan suggests itself for its correction. It is UM entire and complete abolition of all dumping grounds as such, and UMsubstitution of boats, orscows,soconstructedaawill enable themto receivefor waste and service water, with but imperfect Opsajsga fer escape, which to a short time become choke* uy, thewater remaining to stagnate. In many ^7-,r- tmpool connects itself with the privy, w TM * * " overflows, or it breaks into basement* and cMmrs, pre- ducing dampntss and generating disease. » allwhere cesa pools are required UM same shouldby connection with the street sewer.travel-stances UM travel In the cars of this cite isno inconsiderable hazard to those whose *their use. It is of frequent occurence, with at toast one of the up town trains, to stop and take in invalids when they present themselves, who may be «n their way to seme public hospital, without regard to the health of other passengers. Frequently from thirty t o forty persons a r e crowded together to these cars, the doors closed, and with nop<esiblcescapeforthefoul airthat isdmmedtetely generated. All complaints upon this subject are unavail- ing; to the managers gain is every tiling, the pnUfo health and convenience nothing. Many o f o u r cfttoens prefer cold and exposure from a stand outside of the car to theriTm*e^ourd*ia the "white hat*' are sound, cmstttuttonal faousea.aadamajorityofwbomareSouthernbornandSouthern rakedandat*jetlmerestedintheinsututiousoftheSouth. Itis of faces menbtme under Ute foregoing correspondence :—ASOSRB MSCHA.MCDRIVEN ROM NOSTH CASOUyA.—Ayear ago test May,Mr.ParteSeaver,et Oxford, Mass who h a s formerly worked for W . A . Wheeler, ' Flagg aad others of this ctty,andP. B.Tyler,ofthe errand upon whkh John Brown was sent to "blow his ." Itwas toa-seotnpUeh thte tost heplied withpikesssd speanof arses, "BhjaVa rlftss;" and byarenstos toeothers in turn. This plan recommends itself both on the grounds of economy and the public health over the pre- sent system.necessitate themselves to long and fatiguing Walks rather than encounter t h e risk arising from a confined a n d c o n tigioiis atmosphere. A thorough and efficient system of ventilationinallcityrailcarshasbecomeofurgentneConeACo;8h.ChittendenACo.;Arnold.ConstableAOo.; Utenaskedbowmanynegroeshadeverattendedhisre- placing it in thecalendarefsaints aad martyrs,aa Cipperly. Hoover A Oo.; Kmerana. Brewster A Co.; Buo, ligious meetings. He told them five. They told Mr.Bulen A Valentine; J B Jam-ay ASon, head. Broiheis ACo.; some are attempting to do, tet it be associ»i*l bliss, Wheetoek A Keliy; Roberts. Rhodes A Co.; Datorast, Beaver they did not consider him s sale man to live wkh tost of Herod toe Great, of Pontius Ptiste, AtmsbongACo.;Gumming,BimDaonAArmstrong;fbeUkm, there,andbemustleave. HeotteredtogoouMonday ofCaligula,ofNero,andother fiends to humtoeffect to largely increase theamount of offal of the cltv,and to direct attention to th e means necessary for its re- tor> anywhere to b e found. Partly arising from early moval with as little insonveniecce as possible to the public misconception of the future necessities of the city, and health. From fifty to one hun ired tons of offal are da:ly lrcm injudicious legislation, countenanced b y time andtb< ro, s'-'i fiom tbe gra>.Ue hills ol toe Ea>t to th- aaow A l a ; Samuel Roosevelt A Co.: Hearts, Smith A lownsen.l: valuable property there. There are very strong rumors capt : iiin.i:t ot Ihe Rocky Mountains, over p:ain a n l B. S. Ldbbtee A Co.; O. W . A J. T. Moore A Oo.; Ingoldsby, of attempting to drive him oil. But having a large amiunt river, Kt thTC " b » p the live tbunier'' of denunciation,Halstead A On ; Brutt', Brother A Seaver; Lymaa, Rears A of Yankee pluck, he says that before he is driven X »n n mil t£ Satan aiid his host cf reb.'l angels were hurledshould be removed with all possible tiespatch, at lea3t twice a day, from May to October, aad during the re- mainder of the year otce a day.removed wittout the authority or ordinance. The per ccntage received upon thecapital invested byUMcityfor thesupportofthemarkets istoo^significanttobemen- tioned in connection with that amount, but tbe toss to the city treasury is tevertliekss very great, and the evil is one that calls for correction. The undersigned woold suggcfct that in the erection hereafter of netf markets, the stalls and stands be put up at auction to Um highest bid- der Tor a term of five years, or longer if necessary. Thus would be removed oueof the abuses and inconveniences arising from the present system, white on the ether hand the change would prove a gain to the oity treasury. l i e public necessities a t this moment resjutre addsuonslhe eLall go to heaven or—elsewhere—B'orcesfer Tram- cript, Jan.17.HARPXB'8 MaOAxnrc AJSDWBRKLT PRoeonnan — Thr Carolinian, of FaycttevOte, N. C , says:—We notice these periodicals upon our streets a= numerous a s over , af»"r it is ascertained that G. W . Curtis, one of the editors, is aa infamous abolitionist, and that one of the H»'p*r* has gtven a large sum of money to tne Brown sympathisers.in n. t i e b«u:. ru-r ts of Heaven for their complicity with inat-r,.to let ansuch men be burled fromthe''bad tmmotr*»"' which thev occupy, whether to " Church or State." at.d coostfi-ed to tbe well deserved Infamy, which the enlightened verdict of mankind muat sward against thcui.As in the case of themanure dumping grounds, greatdifficulties are encountered in fiuding suitable locationfor the dtposit of this matter. Every means thus farhave been exhausted in the at empt to select such p'acoor places as might be likely to answer this purpose, butwithout success The undersigned would beg to suggesttbe appropriation by theCommon Council of a square orplot of ground, situated in such part of the city as may beagreed upon. to be enclosed with high and substantial walls,as receptacles for offal and dead animals, and with scowsor boats in readiness to receive the same upon its trrlval. markets, and the undersigned would further suggest theIs there noisome chosen curse,Feme hidden tb under in the stores o f heaven, • Red witb uncummon wrath to blast the man, Whoseekshisgreatnesstotatse-mntryw ni«!ThusprotectedTromthepublic eye,anditsspeedyaud finalremovalfromthecity,thenuisancewouldbecome lessened, and the city be relieved of much of Its present annoyance.Tbe undersigned would recommend, inaddition, that the Common Council advertise for proposals, to be after ap- provedbytheCityInspector,Tortberemovalofctlaland dead animals from the city for a term of five years, or longer if necessary.OrVAL AXD FAT BOIUVG.Nothing short of a positive ordinance prohibiting theerectionoftwoofthese buildings, oneonthenorthside ofthecityaboveTwelfthstreet,andtheotheronthe east side above Fourteenth street »Attentionisearnestlydirectedto theUeptorable condi- tio;; of bstfi tbe Washington and the Fidtonmarkete, which are public auieances on a large scale, and a disgrace to tbecity. Tbereformsrequisitewillreadilysuggestthem- selves to the minds of your honorable body.Important benefits to the public health are being ren- deredbytheInspectorsofMeats, whoaredailymaking seizures of diseased meats and unwholesome vegetables intended for tbe public use. In the performance of thisimmr-diat•!}•that these papersarepota stopto.We wouldalioappealtothereadersofthesepapers,andask them, is tbeir course consistent with their professions of 'oja!t> totbeirhomesandoppositiontotbefanaticsofthe North? Ah! gentlemen, acts speak louder than words.Ibegtoforwardtoyouacorrespondencewhtehhasre cently taken place between Miss 8 P. Bemond, a free bornAmericanladyofcolorwithwhom Ihavethehonor to be acquainted, and Mr.Dallas, the American Minister in this country. I add a copy of her passport. You will observe that a visa to Miss Bemond 'a passport te refusedlonger continuance of these establishments upon NewThe IrreprettU&e toll?—General Pome in Oui South—People fhiHion.Withinthe,last netofyearsanumberofpersonsaccustomed to agricultural pursuits in the Free Statesbave been attracted hither by the comparatively low ens to publish thenames of toe offenders.price of lands, and their poor worn out condition, whichthey hope to improve and enrich by attention to thoseprinciples of industry and thrift which form so essentiala part of tbe character of the Northern farmers. Some ofthese immigrants, with their families, and other associa- that be or she believes African slavery to be a social, mo- color. Being a citizen of the United States, I respectfully tiorsofadomesticnature,settled inthecountiesofCnes- ralandpoliticalblts?iog. AnypersonholdingotherthanterfltIdandPrinceGeorge,whichlienotfarfromtheCity thesesentiments,whetherbornattheSouth orNorth,isof Petersburg. Among those wbo thus removed to this unsound, and shonld be requested to leave the country.scented for more than a mile distant from tbe building. It is at once noticed by travellers coming Indemand aa myright that mypassportbevisaedbytoe Minsiterofmycountry. AsIamde*ironsofstartingfor tbe continent, I muat request an answer at your earliest convenience. I remain, sir, your obedient servant,persons residing in the upper parts of the citywho may have th e misfortune to pass these places. Lastcity.STABU KAinms R A m .Thousands of toads of stable manure to ustoeiosn inThe Doily So%tiX*rn Confederaty, punished a t Atlanta, Georgia, has a leading artiste entitled '-White and Black Lists," in which it denounces certain parties named In what It calls its black list a s republicans, incendiaries aadstances are got together aad deposited on open lotsaad ptou of ground hired for UM purpose, exposed to everyvate a n d immediate u s e , south would m part remedy this evil.o fEightysixthstreet.for UM enlightenment of common sense people m an all .^So^w^tom-aT tbebigspeechesboughtandpaidforbymerchantprinces.cms roomAmong the many causes of complaint acne are more ThSLLet tbe people have more light. X8KLKCTIOR8OFTHKKIWYOUTBIBTJMBOPJAM.23- ofslavery,andthoughImaynot"mocksithe*calamity,•tenet.numerous than those arising from the imperfect construc- steepedandsat1RAIL CAS VX-NTTLATIOX.The want of proper ventilation In U M rail city h a s become a subject o f importance toWho the dirty sgent of this print in this oKy to w e do norriowecaro to ask;weprefer tohave no of sacs vermin. WbeOtor be is acting within the interest of these parties thussd to UM so called "white list," of course w e are But inasmuch a s this business has been under- taken, all UM parties concerned shall bave UM benefit of s more extended notice than they can possibly get throughthe obscure columns of th e Confederacy. A nd w e wish to emphasise tbe notice by stating further that w e will pur- sue the business of giving too utmost publicity in our power to these scoundrel efforts to damage the trade or coerce UM political action ofourmerchantsbysuchan infamoussystem ofespionageasseemstohavebeenes-closet to the sewer can be removed without delay. distillery stables are numerous, extensive, crowded, wretch • sge, and all appeared prosperous. Thus peaceful and York Daily tribune of this morning, which contains anBuilders should b e further obliged to file certificates with this office, with names attached, showing that the condi- tions of the ordinance had been complied with,SI-Al OlITKR HOrSKS.The Common Council have from time to time taken ac •ed>>- constructed, and filthy to the last degree. Many of the peaceable did the old deacon continue for four years, annuals cor.lu.ed in these stables were found in a sickly0011- down to tbe period of John Brown's celebrated, but aw ditioo, and on careful Inquiry at one of UM largest of these ful and terrific invasion. A s if inspired with a sudden stables we ascertained that the annual mortality'among theextract from the Daily Southern Confederacy, published at Atlanta, Georgia, in whiih our name appears in a list of Arms which the editor designates as abolitionists and incendiaries.We hereby state that the above is a gross libel upon our firm, and that there is notthe shadaw of a foundation for the charge.Wo have no sympathy with any of the forms of fanati- cism mentioned.Our interests have been for more Jthan half a century closely attached to the South, and our firm has uniformly been thorugnly conservative in all its views.J. R JAFFRAY A SONS. N o S5C BROADWAY, Jan. 23,1SG0.slaughters. ThewholeIsunderthoimmediatedirectionwarrantwasissue1,andtwentyfull-bloodedVirginians,giniaonamissionfromBrown'sFontoobtainthebodygrantedisacitizenoftli°I'nitedStates,andItCMO:I1Toutandsoldforrefiningpurposes,thebutchershaving noclaimtoIt. Ineachoftheseestablishmentsplaces are .-et apart for the hides, which are there sold and car-someIwasthussalutedtwentytimesbeforeI reached mystore,andwhereverIappeared duringthedayIwas saluted in a similar manner. I must say that I was great-jourletteras"colored,"anddescribedinibeaiSJavit* as"bark,"lre>mwbicbstatements itmaybefa-.'!/In- ferred that tie y are u<grof. If this is so UITC caa b ecorrection is in the hands of your honorable body. XIOBT s o u .with the poisonous supply obtained from cows fed on dis- tillery slops, for to this poison chemistry itself affords n o antidote, since it denes allanalysis or synthesis, a poisonThe- jodiclal decisions of the country are to tbe sama effect In Kent's OoniiBeniaries. vol. ii , p 277, it isContracts have been recently entered Into with ThomasA. Dunn, in pursuance to a resolution of the Common sut penertf, utterly destructive of health and life."Council, for the removal of night soil beyond the jurisdic' Further remarks upon tbis subject are purposelytion of the Pilot Commissioners in tight covered boats so avoided. If tbe teaUmony above given, and the volumi- constructed as to prevent the gas from escaping The nous official evidence already in possession of UM city,ty sprigs or chivalry triumphantly escorted their vene- should suppose that h e was the person referred to. The rable oldvictim to tbe county jail. With ail the pomp publication of my card was, therefore, entirely a and ceremony due the importance of such a momentous personal matter, . prompted solely by a desire event, the white haired disciple of cold water and close to relieve m y brother from tbe imputation of communion was arraigned before a-maglstrate belonging being employed o n such an ignoble errand- N o o n e , to the aame Baptist church, and a partaker with the pri- in m y judgment, had a right to object to m y doing this, soner,ontheoccrtionoftheLord'sSupper,ofthesame muchlesstoimpugnmymotives inItspublication. Bat sacredemblems. Butreligionisreligion—thatis,itissupheld that free biacKs are not "cilizeua" wuhtu ttie mean- ing of tbe term as u « d in the c institution of the United States, and to" Supreme Court, of Tennessee, ia the case of the State against Cteiboro, held the same doctrine.work thus far promises success.BOGS.The liberal support received b y this department from your predecessors in office has enabled it to greatly abate the bog nuisance, which in a short time will b e wholly removedfromthecity. Nofurtheractionuponthissub- ject by the Commen Council is deemed necessary.showing the evil effects from swill milk upon the general health, a r e Insufficient to effect a change, (hen t h e work of slaughter mnst b e proceeded with, and increased num- bers cf deaths be yearly added to our city bills of mor- tality.The introductionofswill milk intothecityfromad- joining cities, towns or villages, should be prohibited by ordinance under severe penalties, otherwise the ovil com-suchliasnotbeenthecaso. Mycardwasatoncerepub- lished in toe Evening Post, under the head of " Business Notices," accompanied with a very satirical paraphrase ofit,andaddinginapostscript,"A largestockoldry gcods, suited to the Southern trade, for sale at toe aboveSuch being the conatruetioa of the constituti in in regard to free persons of rotor, it is conceived t;*at they cannot be regarded, when beyond the jnrisdicttoB ofthis govern- ment, as entitled to tbe full rights of ctuz>-o>. but toe Secretarydirectsmetosaythat,though toe ItepartmenA could net certify that such persons are citizens of tho United States, yet, if satisfied of the truth of the 'acts. It wouldgiveacertificatethattheywerebornioUteUnitedCTLvurrs a.vn SXWKRS. Thepublichealthandconvenience render necessaryaplaiLedofwould bebutpartiilly removed bythesup-posed to be; and Christianity is also su posed to exist, orought to, among brethren of the same denomination. Butreligionisn'tbusiness,norisitpolitics;andifoneideaiimore heretical and abominable in Virginia than anotherit is that or allowing religion to interfere with political number." to addition to tbe above, I have received more regard it to be lis dutv to protect them if wronged by a matters. Very well, both the magistrate and the prisoner than a dozen missives, signed "Smith," «'R>»," "Jones." foreign government while within its jurisdiction for a lognl belonged to tho same good old otbodox Church; but Ac, Ax.,of toe most scurrilous and abusive charaster,change, in lieu or the present system, to prevent the filthpression of swill milk establishments on this island. TbeStates, and free, and that the government thereof woundBtllMNli UATKalALS.Much inconvenience Is dally met with, caused by the tectfcm, namely—IZE^^gHTv^^iXZZi ofinconnectionwithstreetcleaning,theworkofwhichthecityhave their wantsliberallyattendedtobytheCommonnlouncil; this department, the first, and by fartbemostusefulandasJecaoarytothepublichealth,hasreceivedbutlittleattention. Itspastinefficiencyisjustlychargeable to tbis neglect, and sot to those entrusted tbe advice given him, to quit toe Stat*. Ha accordingly njure me to my Northern and Western traie for my a' was iDblauily killed Coroner Jaekman will hoiune loqoeslcan be butimperfectly performed where these obstacle aretobeencountered.UVKKY STJtBUB. Numerouscomplaintscontinuetobereceivedatthiiofficeagainsttheseestablishments. Tberemovaloflive- ry subles from the heart of the city to localities bette• adapted to their purposes, and away from UM densely populateddistrictswheretheyarenowtobefound,U subjectwhichhasalready receiced UMattentionof th"wnmoa Council. Facts show tout to amajorityof toJHfeM** nllhy manner in which these establishmentsreeeivew at Utls ofltee against w LlTt**"* * • * • * • » » • « • & * motonisagrsanbte ple are prepared aa «aaa». — .-i'aTALA«irawTs.—JamesKatas,arigger,felifromtoe yardarmUfavc&aelfootofRatgarsstreetyestytay.andin queanon the prevention ot this aboes.withtteaflkba. Duringtoeshorttimethatthsunder-signedbaaosnetatedasheadoftinsdepartment,inahin-stances where he has received support trom UM CommonCouncil, the results have proved satisfactory to UM cityandbeneficialtothepublichealth. Furthersuccesswilldependmainlyuponthesympathysad support extendedtobimbyyourbonarnblebody. ThehealthofUMcityIsof the first and highest importance. To tosare it the peo- himself, and bad invested his hspmness, bislegedSouthernproclivities,haveresortedtothelatter coursetoaccompli*h it. Inviewofallthis 1amcon- strained to resort to this publie, method of vindicating my- self, and of defining m y position, which I believe to be the rightofeveryman,however humble,whenunjustlyas- sailedandmisrepresented.In too first place, I dtetinctiy disclaim all ttmghi. pur-•*•*«»•*Kssamaa. noonewill deny;bat,attheof them are public nuisancesisTbe unclean and saturated% theirhorses,canbedailyseen•wbereit isplaoodtodry,whitem «is.--~-*- ? n gratuitous fjft, howeverBotwtth, asatt sa,nwmndpower1•*•*'*.• sihsnnfi mat admmissration.ideathatsuchaconstructionwould b*put UOJUItnever enteredsaymind. Thecardwaselicited solelyanden tirely under ths circumstances which 1 have relaad shoes,sadfrostnoothermotivethantocorrectthserro-s^hhortModli^,1V»***>*•***»•*»* "• ,BKOAHWAT emmout—Thte evening the Mnaea Ada asd Emma WeAtoappear to Uantaice of ''Our Gat" the ins steal burlesqueof "TheLiny of theLions, andthepro- tean comedy of ths "Acueea of All Work.VNmu>S S*LOO>. —The new burtesa.<ts ashed toe " M*wte- renn" will be perforate 1 this evening ny tioorge CbriAly's Mmstrete, with a variety of staging and dancingwidowofthe iostlyrnedsmarri andsaost righteouslyIMSOUSKS'BALL-Brytnu'MsaaVeUappear n%chce*!?*^A *!**-"to*Uto toe sepulchre, "hewn out'at the rock," at North , _ — ...r, (uck."at NorthBba, and which Governor Wise, the litem of ton modem crneJfxtos, "had commanded" shouldlb* dehvered to Mrs Brown or her represented ea. The ktodaess of heart which prompted Governor Wise to interpose the au- thority of h n official position to secure thte boon to toepipestocarryoffthewat neunansUMsmnmvn to W^AtAIM!mjm uutlY\mr>may sustdmasms dairy.aBd*%j respect!**;** ••^K^KLAtAM. By imperialcows confined there was not leas than ten per cent3d. such of 'be oows at thes-*establishments as remain com-sense of the force and importance of the law of self preser-vation, or a desire to exercise a vigilant watch care over tkm on tbis subject, with a view to the ultimate removal paratively health} areretained, without onee leaving toe stv those who did not, or conscientiously could not, sustainof slaughter houses to places beyond the limits of the city, butthisgrunousnutsancestillcontinues andistobemat with in many of the lower wards of the city, endangering the health of the neighborhood where located, and of serious injury to 'he interests of property holders.bit- as U.i g as they continue 10yield a sufficiency of milk, and defend the institution of slavery, a number of the val- usuallyforaboutayear,afterwhichtheyarefattenedfortbe iantsonsofthe"OldDominion''determinedtosubjectmaikt-t, shSigtiered and sold aa beef. The beef produced from these animals ii unsavory, and easily recognized from Its offensive odor; and this cdor Is not dlMlpated even by the process of cookicathe old deacon's dairy life and conversation to scrutiny and espionage.Up to this time he had not been known to hold obnox- cowi at thejse stables—and which is but the refuse material left ious views. H e bad not questioned the right of thoseIn most of the cities of Europe the slaughtering of cattleis net allowed, or where permitted the business is confinedto certain localities under the control of the municipal au-thoritk B. In I'aris the arrangement is one of complete withdiawal from the alembic, and loug before it is distributed nied no advocate the privilege of dc'endlng slavery41b. Tbe swill which constitutes the principal food of thsafter the piocessof distillation—is even at the period of its around him to hold slaves If they chose so to do; be deto the feeding troughs, t'nmd to be highly ehirged with aeetic upon any ground be chot>e to assume, and usedWASHIWTOS, NOV. 4, 1SS6. j MB. L.EDOKRTON IXPI.AINS HtS"CARD" AND DE- H.H Ricr,F--v,NewYorkCity—success. The slaughter houses, or abattoir*, are but fivein number, near the outsMe walls of tho city, and so lo-calized as to meet the wants and convenience of tho publie. The buildings are of stone and iron, the areato each covering about o n e square mile. Eachbutcher has his space allotted to him, for which he pays use of It by two cf the members of the committee, and from few days ago, however, a complaint was lodgedno direct tax, but BO much per heal for the cattle ho the cattlenal purging of the cattle, and the excessive amount against the white haired deacon of sixty years. A ton:—"Mr. Edgertxm, of Obio, i3 here on hi« way to Vir-acid. Its asiuuiocs quality, intennlxsd with a sort ofsacchvnne and farinaceous fUvor, is not very disagreeable tothe taste;buttakenIntothestomach,th*t*illoperateshrisklvaaapur-gative, disturbing the bowels and augmeottog the urinary of any incendiary documents. Wherefore, then, the secretiuLS. These effects were sentlMy experienced from the need of a Vigilance Committee to wait upon him? Aofu>tnarysecretion,weseeledi»thebeliefthati'seffectupon thecowsisnotmateriallydifiareatfromitseffectupouthe h u m i n s y s t e m .pat er the following telegraphic despatch from Washing- the Department in complying with yo ir request. Ai>assporti?acertioOatethattbe;-ersantowruu i'.isp r e p a r e d f o r a n y e m e r g e n c y , r o s h e d t o e x e c u t e t b e m a -v 0 clock in the winter. .tfcis system is in operation in all to all parties. These abattoirs arf> supplied with every f-th Tbe milk of these caws does not eihfbit the elutrac- gistrate's mandate. The armed band surprised the old to m y place ot business before I w as accosted in this accotupaL) your communication 'there is not stti 'aotoryo f t h e P r e f e c t o f P o l i c e , a n d U c o n d u c t e d w i t h s a t i s f a c t i o noftheprincipalcuiesoftEurr,[>e,andisfoundtowork convenienceforthebusinessofthecity. Thebloodof teruticsffwboletomemuk. Itpresents,almostinvariably,an S'ortherterathishome,andlikeGomezinl'izztro,they manner,"Well,Edgerton,yourbrotherisgoingtoVir- evidencethattbepen-rmsforwhr*myourequesti<asi>-with emrkney and to etfe sati«la~tlon to the authorities the animal falls into a receiving vault, an! is daily pumped acid reaction, whist tte milk from healthy grass fed cows is. seized him unresisting. After this heroic achievement, ginia alter the body of Old Brown, it appears" 1 pre poru are of this description. Th--y are rcr>res.»»ite1 inandpeople, itisfurtherpecer«u-ytothepublichealth— tosut<!>ortwh'ch weharebii(n.melralauthority—de- claring the inhalation of'Street dust as a predLajosint? cause to luiig aiel bronchial alTec.tions. There Me be- sides other objections to a longer cootinmnce or the prearot "jstcm. In the firSt place the Eweewrs and carts gt. jit* incommode tbe free trarcl of the streets on which th«v are at work, aad winch, for this r> tioa, cannot be efficiently i«rlcrmec ; and again, the cloiula of dust which the sw--.-"iDg nrc«<ariJj gives rise to is a source ot much aiiuojaoccandcomplainttoproprietorsofstores,whose goois u<-t uutrequeutty deteriorate in value from iiijuriea raceivi-d fiom Its absorption. It 11 in part far these rea- sons that 1 would recommend the diaoontinuanc • of day street cleaning, by substituting in its place the plan proposed.The public health and convenience demand the more frequent cleaning of streets than at prelaw Broadway should be swept six times a week, the leading streets—so-called—four times, and the remainder a t least three times a week. A faithful observance of this rule would not only be a preventive of disease, but on the score of economy in the end It would prove a saving of the public money.The custom of watering the streets now in use before sweeping is also loudly complained against by the medi- cal faculty as injurious to the public health. The eject ofupon decaying matter, more especially during theaf slimmer, is to produce decomposition and to create miarma, a sire promoter of disease. The night systemofstreetcleaningwouldremedytbisevil.asxGiajr axi*era* FAvsanEvra.No inconsiderable difficulty is encountered in cleaningstreetswhicharepavedw*hcobblestone*. Sackstreetsare almost constantly oat (if repair, and defy the energiesot man to keep in a clean and healthy condition Besides, from culverts and sewers from being emptied into the attention of the Common Council is earnestly directed to tbia pavement is wholly tioauited to the wants, if not the stneis. This nuisanoe should at once be abated by tho the subject, aa one caBtof for immediate action.whenfirstdrawn,alwaysalkaline. Ibeacidqualityofthe distillerymilk,itistrue,isnotperceptibletothetastewhilethe milkisfresh,butitisalwaysrecognizablebychemicaltests. And thi» teature is of iUelf suaicient to condemn the milk inby the City Inspector of tbecity, m nearr.healthofthecityisatstake,orwith nopoweratall,tbe efficiency of the department caaas* be guaranteed.AO r n t x x l t o n s A d v e r t i s e m e n t . [Trom tbe Hew Y ork Tribune, Jan. » J> « " • — " ^ J S ^ S s a a t o etGeorgiaendme aVuihstoufibuy their jroods.gSjjSsaVJjttote aot.sentiment, as well aa their dutyas ot s stavsssddmg community, w s l*as** Betanto BTStoand was snugly settled ^ ^*' — af the negro 1vitt, Toler A Co.; Alex. McLaao A Buckley; Duryee. Jacques His employer is also from Oxford, a n d h a s a large a n dupright man. He and bis household were industrious. economical and thrifty. H e owned no slaves, butdown tbe rule toat persons free born to the United States, and wbo bave been subjected all their Uvea to the taxa- tion and other bardeus imposed upon American citizens, are to b e deprived of tbeir rights a s such, merely because tbeir complexion happens t o b e dark, and that they a r e to be refused the ad of tbe Ministers of tbeir country, whose salarii s they contribute to pay- I remain, sir, your obedient servant, SARAH P. REM i.VM.PASSPORT.I, toe undersigned, Secretary cf State of the UnitedStates of America, hereby request all whom it may con- cern, to permit safely and freely to pass Sarah P. Ra- mopd, a citizen of the United States, and in case of need to give her all lawful aid and protectionGiven under my hand and the impression of my seal of the Department of State of the Q ty of Washington, tbe 10th day of September, A. D. 1868, in the 83d year of tha Independence of these United States. LEWIS CA33.Department of StateLETTER OF MR. MA.RCY REWTSIKO P ASSPORT TOMEN OF COLOR.DKraaTnETT o r ST-IT*., 1tbe high command given to o a r primal ancestor, Tbe ground was ploughed, sown and planted. The seeds gave increase according to divine promise, and thegolden grain inabundance wastho honest old far- mer's reward. The farm improved tinder his careful tillno language among slaves calculated to incite them to insurrection, nor wisit known that he wasin receiptFINKS H I S POSITION.TO TTlK EDITOR OF THE SEW VORK HERALD.SIK—Your letter? of the 29th ultimo aTd 3d in.-Unt, re- questing t)a.-?poru for eleven colo.-ed persons, have been receive.:, and I am directed by the Secretary to uforin you thai the •ap-jS tracsmi'tei by y o j do not warrantwhileapartofthebanaguardedtheprisonerwithavigilanteye,therestdevotedthemselvestothelaudablepurpose of ransacking the house for evidences of abolitionismried away, without being permitted to enter the city. (iiieaLion as an article of food, especially for young; children. Into every room, from cellar to attic, under beds and Into ly annoyed, vexed and mortified on ascount of it, and no doubt that they are m>t citix*>;;8 of the United States.They are furnished with stables to accommodate from one This remark applies to the milk procured from such of the the closets, tho chivalry searched. Private papers were determined to give a public contradiction to the impres-to two thousand head of beef cattle and about twice that cows in ttose *ttb'es as appear to be in good health. It must examined, and family letters overhauled, but uotbiug in- sion that m y brother, the Hon. A'frpd P. Edgerton, of Tbe tjuefctiou wb-.-ther free negroes are such citizaxs isnumberofsheep. Hereeverythingisairyandclean;no applywphsuagreaterloresagainstthemilkprocuredfrom cendiary wasfound;notasinglecopyof"'Helper'sIm- Ohio,wastnepersonreferredtointh»dexpticb,anlac- cotcowpresented fcrthefirsttuny,buthasr.patediyanimaliseverslaughteredbeforeitisexaminedas11its suchotthemasareactuallydiseased.AndItisascertained pendingCiisis'—notasoilednorancientcopyoftho cordinglydidsointhefollowingcard:—"TheMrEl aiifeninth•aimuiFtrationotbothth"i^atior.a!anlStateinto the gutters. This evil requires abatement, and its water or chalk, are harmless, nay, laudable, compareddeacon's family, and which, unlike tbe Tribune, bad escaped proper for m e to state further, in explanation, that m ythe remorseless bands of the self constituted mail robbers brother is the only person of tbe name, except the preof Virginia. With these evidences of guilty sympathy sent incumbent, wbo hasever represented the State ofwith Northern sentiment—at least the tangible proofs o f Ohio in Congress, and a s m y brother w a s formerly a resi-having to bis possession the Albany Journal, which dent of this city, aad quite extensively koowu h-»re, it stated that in 1833 Chief Justice Dagget. of Connecticut, might possibly be construed into guilty intent, the twen was very natural that all who knew him and myselfthat the mhk from the di,eased cows is mixed with that from 'hu ethers, and distributed to the consumers.Tribune, nor even a page from the American Tract Sopoverntue-ct-. In 1S21 a controversy arose aa to whethercondition by persons selected for that purpose. A similararrangementmustsoonerorlaterbemadebythiscity.Tbeargumentsinfavorofitaresonumerousandconclu- byI>r.Percy,demonstratethefact,todependentofauv abouttodepartwithoutadocumentintholineofevidence obtainthebodyofhiafather,isnottheHon. withintbeintentai.dmeaningoftheactsof<>agres» sive as not to require mention here. chemical examination or any a priori reasoning, that the milk to bo used agaiust their victim, when lo! eyes and hands Alfred P . Edgcrton, of that State. This gentleman regulating foreign and coasting t'ade, so as to be disqaatl-6ih. Thecasescollectedunderthedirectionofthecommittee,e'ety,rewarded their indefatigable search. They woregerton referred to in your telegraphic despatch fromWashington,asbeing on"amission from Brown's sonto freepersr<as of coWwere citizens of tbeUnited StatesvCed to command vrwcla. j n i Mr W.rt, Attorn, y One* r.il, decided that th«y were nut, and h.* moreover held that the words ''citir-'U of th • Unite'! States" w^.-re 'ised in the arte of Ccnere«« in the none sen?* as in tbe TMusti- Uiticn. Tbis view ts a'so fullr sustained in a recent opiLion of tbe present Atl"rri. y General.procuredtromtheseswillfedanimalsisInjurioustothosewin For the purpose of immeciate relief it is recommended -j use it.that each slaughter house be connected by means of pipeswith the street .-<ewer to carry offthe blood, which, in Dr. Reese, in an elaborate report upon infant mortality,mottiiiStauces,isnowpetmittodtorunovertheflooror remarks:—"Alltheartificialadulterationsofmilk,asby whichtomefriendsattheNorthbalunwillinglysentthe dignpunishmentwhichhasbeenawardedhim." Itismorepeering andpersevering thanothersdiscovered,to the great joy of their owners and the exultation of the whole party—a few copies of the Albany EoeMng Journal,hastoomuchrespectforhimself andtoolittle sympathy for the culprit Brows to accept of any mission on his be- half, except it might be to aid to bringing bim to tbe con-thesquire,withthenicestsortofdiscriminationandaproud sense of impartial justice, was firm and iniltjxi-bh; in hisdetermination that no morbid Jeeling like thatof brotherly tove or Christian sympathy should influencebim to judging the deacon's case. Perhaps, as he took careful to conceal their real names under fictitious cogno- his magisterial seat upon thaold wooden baoch ho ejacu- mens, and thus prevent me from knowing whothey are. lated the prayer, "From all rebels, incendiaries aud ' so- But it has not stopped there. I am daily in receipt diUontets,'good Lord deliver us.'' To be brief, DeaconSalisbury was committed to jail to ruminate over tbe folly of having read tb e Albany Eoening Journal, and for hav- ingallowedsuchavilepapertoremaininhispwesson. After the lapse of several days he was admitted to bail, bat,fearfulofimpendingdanger,anddeprivedoftbe leastguaranteeoffuturesafety,beconcludedt>actuponleftafew dayasince,andmustnowbeamonghi* kindredinOswegocounty,N.Y. Mr.Salisburylasaidto be very respectably connected at UM North, being a brother to Mason Salisbury, Etfj., a Justice of the Peace at Washingtonville,N.Y.,andamanofm-ans.intelli- gence and influence, and, withal, a good demo crai. Moreover, Deacon 8. was sa upright manand means of existence to the State of his pose or intonttonof ingratiating myseir to the favor ofWKbin iu borders heowned a farm and other "Southern traders" by toe publijatton af maycrd. Thetoday. Coroner.lackmaoh*tdaninquestyeatenavupou thebody ofJames Frazierr,aporterintheatoi-eNo.178 Greenwich street, wbo d^od in the New York Ifosptal trom toe effects of injuries received by fueitg threw it a hatchway. A verdict of --Ac:idnettldet>A'° wa* reader ed. Beeeaaed was a native of Ireteoak andthirtyfiv<4 yenisofage.Tbentrtcsvl aad Otteer AmnumtnU. Bowmrr.—The psay, to Ave acts, of '-The Oct>rooo•#».Life m Loulstaim," with new scenery, properties mwic, he.. willheperformedfortheseoomatimetha»v«r.«gWJUIACS'S.—«lhe Romance of a Poor YounaMan" wiltbeprodjcsdfortbefirstternsmAmine*uthises-pnsm*,Jimhod powertoactwhereths hour,hetodrivenfromsishome andUMsoil on whichUntitled Documentbut conscientious differences of aptnton* Are these among the manifestations o f liberty—the "blessings" secured to all eltisens ot our common country b y that instrument mentioned ao often and handled so fearlessly by Southern praters—the constitution • If it be wrong to aid and abet negroes to tearing their masters, to It Just a n d right toWe are rooted upon tbe Mack bouses aa well aa the whitehousrs; and if we know any merchant recei»ins goods with tion—a few of the actaal devetopements of the system, per's Ferry. Hesaja, "I took forward to tha Car wb«aout 1 be s ei ci' mart of the eoncem from which he buys. shaU^Vaaaou^e-tbetrWjmd the « J * ^ ^ / ^ > ^ S . (and the conduct of those living under it,are worth morethere shall b e a servfie insurrection to t h e S>uth, wbea tbe black man, armed with the bayonet, shall assert h is ftTti*-m mrflrgt s T-sr -f Tirtsrsshmtlts sfstoil htrmas tor; when the harsh of the incendiary shall light up th e toanssndcitiesoftheSouthaadbtoto.it toe last vssttejsIstomp, Ludmgton * Co.; Ptelpa, Biisa * Oo.; CUfflto, Mel-ten A Co ; Draper. Ola k A Co.: Gtepp A Kent; Rushmire, ransacked all his correspondence with his family. They be taught to shudder when k is mentioned, and instead ofThepiersatpresentinusefordumpinggroundsarces- cessitytothetravellingcommunityandtothepublic BestACo;A.AT.Seed;Butler,Oee*ARanoon;flibblee, morningiftheywouldbuyhisproperty. Tbistheyre- shape whohave disgraced the earth, andwhomtimated as being worth to the city from $20,000 to 930,000 annually, the larger portion of which would be saved to it by the adoption of tbis measure. It is supposed that twelve piers for the accommodation of the boats—six on the North river and six on the East—would be sufficient for thewants of the city.OIT AI.The destruction of the piggery nuisance has had thehealth. This evil can only be remedied by your honora- bhrbody, to whom the subject is referred.HASSSTS.Tbe public attention has long been directed to the Iinperfect condition of the city markets., and to the necessity of a change in the present system. It to bat necessary to add that our market system in organisation a n d c o n struction is perhaps tbe most inefficient and musttofao-Work A Moore; J,«r-8elxas A Bro ; Chapman, l.yon A Royes; fused, but told him be might hare twenty days to sell out. the universal judgment of too world nas consign? i to Blydenbitrgh A Co.; B P . Shaw; Converse, *Bdd A Co.; Ca- but that outing that time no negroes must be seen on his ignominy and utter abhorenoe. And what shall I aay ofS o e r a l\TO THS ROIKMUBLS THS CoSHOH COVXCIL Of TUB CtTV OS collected in this city. The public health requires that it custom, abuses have been introduced which cannot beTB« WHITS LIST, OB COKSTITtmONAL HOl'SSS.Daces, Kovce * Co , Bell, Face, Lavender A Co.; Johnson A Hambteton; Johnson, Shrpaard A Saunders; George W. Ameron, kdward A Co.; Newell, Barman A McOoaald; Strang, AdriaaceACo;Xerrltt,ncNulty ACo.;ToungALawrencepremises.Mr. Seaver found it impossible to sell his property, aud therefore came off w I thin the twenty days with h is wages. He hasnow returned, forced away from his propertyandthese wbefurnithed Brown with "aidandcomfort"and the "sinews of war?" ghaiitberbe left to toemaelves and toe " bitter upbraiding of their own consmenees"— toat "higher law" of which they vaunt—and whichOa,; Bet's. Nichols A Co.; Carrol. Herrirk A Mead; Wemen A Cox; Boss A Ballatd; Leitch. Burnet A Co.; Thorn Bros.; Cook,DowdABaker;W.G.Robinson A Co.;B.B..-toneA Co.; B. T. Hoyt: Curtis A Raker; Condict, Jenuicju A Co.; Upgslrtet, Bradford A Co ; Wolff, Dssh A Flaber; North, faersDan A C o ; L B . Brown; Barral, Bisley A Kitchen; Fratt, Oakley A C o ; Oraydra, McCreery A C o ; Wm. Smith Brown; Jcbnson, Byrne A Johnson; Atwater, Maltord A Co ; Howes, Hyat A (.0To these lifts w e invite the scrutiny of all our readerswho have mercantile Interests to N ew York. Th.-y win Should these papers be allowed to circulate so profuselyrepay study. If tbe trade of the republican merchants in our midst? W e notice that his Honor Judge Saundersin tbis city, or of men wbo do not chose to sink their man- put a stop to tbe sale of these papers in Raleigh. W ehoodandselltheir principlesatthebiddingoftheslave- wouldliketoknowwhytheyarenotstopped here. AreboloiDgaristocracy,or their tools,bysuch hatefulprac- wetoseetheseabolitionsheets on ourstreetswithoutatices as are herein up folded, is to be abridged or injured word of rebuke? It ilea with tbe proper officers to see A "Barrister, "writing to the London Stem, says:— at tbeSouth itshouldbemore thanmadegooiattheNorth. Andifmediants ofNewYorkcityconniveatsuch practices as w e now expose, let them reap the justresultsoftheirmeanrjessandfolly. Aswehavealreadysaid, we know nothing of the veracity of the hste herepublished. Of course we hold ourselves ready to correctany errors into which we mayhave been ledbyourSouthern cotemporary.[CorrespondenceoftheNewYorkTribune] PKTSBSBCRG, Va., Jan. 15,1860.Pnorosio) COSTHUCCEOFSoiTHxajt STATES.—The Baton Rouge Qaxet'e says that resolutions are to,be presented to the Legislature of Louisiana proposing a Conference of the SouthernStates,torelationtocommercialnonintercourse with theStatesofthe North.'by toe American Minister on the sole ground that she is a person of color:—No. eGssxvmsSrsssr,BSCIBTWHXSQUABS,W.C,lYork Island can ever hope to reach this evil. In relation duty tbe Inspector is liberally aided by thte department. AJravd vf Nevxpapcn—Banishment and Hanging in COMMKKCIAI PROSURIFTIONS.—The Charleston Mercury de- to tbe office of the American embassy to have m y passporttooffalboiling,thevigorousmeasurespursuedbythisde- partmenthavefreedthecityofthisnuisance;butthere- verse is the case with the fat boiling establishments, which still continue their operations under the false plea of compliance with tbe city laws. Many of these establish- mentsarelocatedtothethicklypopulated partsofthe city, infecting the neighborhood with their noisome stench, and otherwise injuring the public health The pestiferous gas emitted from their chimney can frequently becult to convey the extent of miserry, filth, destitution anddisease which are everywhere met with among tbe tene-ment buiidii.gs of tbis city. Many of these dwellings con-tainfromthirtytoiortyfamilies. Inarecentvisittooneof these bouses, in a icom about six feet wide and sevenfeet high, without light o r ventilation other than camefrom the door, wasa family of six persons—two adults andfour children—the Utter sick with fevers and huddled toge-therinacorneroftberoom,havingncithevfoodnordrink.In these miserable habitations, where thousands of thepoorer classes ofour population arc to be fouud, the chil- section was one Ruben Salisbury, from the county of Hrxrs.—We have been reliably informed that an incen- drtnofsuchfamiliessicken,pineawayanadietoan Oswego,StateofNewYork. InhisnativeStatehehad diarywasdiscoveredinClarendondistrict,takeninhand extent wholly unappreciated by the pubric. been possessed of considerable property, which he con- by a Vigilance Committee, andbung. Webave not hetrdIt is painful to know that this evil cannot be arrested verted into cash; and. with tbe members of his family, the pai tleulars From tbe summary penalty inflicted, theand unconditional abolition from N o w Y ork island o f e v -ery swill milk establishment. The total number of deathsin this city as already stated amounted during Inst year to21,e46, of which number 12,948 were children. A largomajsrity of these deaths are traceable directly or indi-rectlytotheuseofswill milk. Canstronger argumentthan these records present be necessary to inoucace ' tials as a worthy member and a deacon of a Baptist church Surveyor of Guilford county. N. C , has been arrested for not exiat, when, indeed, U is manifestly an impoaaioiltty prompt action on the part of the Common Counctl for tbe n tbe place whence he came, which, ns a matter of circulating sixty copies of Helper's "Impending Crisis.''immediate destruction of these human slaughter bouse coarse, gave bim fellowship at once with the church in Several persons nave been arrested in Randolph countv,W A TXX C L 0 8 K T S .The careless and imperfect construction of water establishments. Inst year, the Mayor of this city ad- his new neighborhood, of a like faith and order. In bis N. C , on a similar charge.closets, and the inadequate means for carrying off the tilth, bave become tbe subject of daily complaint. In tenement houses, more especially, this deficiency exists to an alarming extent, and without action on the part of thedressed a communication upon tbe sunset to the Academy new church relatione be was found faithful and efficient, A WORD OX TEE Oman 8ms.—The Richmond JEnoutVerof Medicine, asking investigation, ft- following are tho liberal in his own religious views, he was tolerant of abandons Its hobby of nonintercourse with the North. Miss Sarah P. Remood cannot be complied with. Ro-just iar enough removed from the stir of city lite to avoid notice to be given that Ute term will be commenced on its unhappy influences, and yet near enough to enjoy its the 1st day of February next. It is understood thatbe expected to decrease in number. It frequently is the vitiate their health, aad render their milk unwholesome. But dealings with nis neighbors he held the character of an the reci nt persecutions of Powers and Craogle, warns tbe communication is moat extraordinary. Y ou now' lay2f»2 BROADWAY. NEW Y.>RK. Jan 24, 1S60. On the 1st day of Decf mber there appeared iu your pao f h i s f a t h e r . " I h a d s c a r c e l y l e f t m y h o u s e o n m y w a yb e i t - t i i e r ! u p o n p r o o f o f t h i s f a ; » . I u t h e p a p e r s w u i r t i{*1* ska, a_^_.__ t,t _\yaen. to conveyXorikTrre Th-sesiKO or BIAVSSV.—The Atlanta Confederacy asking to have m y passport visaed at tho says:—We regard every man In our midst an enemy to American embassy, the person in toe office refused tbe institutions of the Sodth who does not boldly declare to affix tbe visa on the ground that I am a person ofpunished cr.mlnsl, all must commend, yet 1 t m ecu •etectton of Rhiopiao song* asd daaevn, coo-J.J jmir m%a to think that toe anas of. public tejttee SHMULYCUBOUa KDGBRTOS Disabilities ofAmerlcnn Persens «rf Color.Dec. IS, 1859. /SIR—I b e g to inform you that a short time since I went Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 