 ;i£wfSJb1'?i.:5t).ft ?•Throwing up the vail, which had concealed his features,the Assyrian hurst into a laugh, in which, though atfiret I tiought of s'.oning him, I finally joined. He had,.offering, he had borne the cross to India and the Isles of the Sea, planting churches and winning convert* where the seldom daunted spirit of thef3?OTtag%cWtri^rhadnotdnTedto venture. FuU faf zeal, aspiring after freeh triumphs, and,perhaps, 'eovetoasoi that chiefest glory dear to the*Saints of•ft^t age—the crown of martyrdom—he left'Ck>a in? ApriL_ 354ft, for the Islands of Japan, P ? # H e landed at Xangoeima, in Kiu-siu, in August ffccsame year. The success thai nad ^tended his labors In India, followed' him Japan. Princes and nobfes were eager to to the wordacf this new and strange faith,and, as much by the purity and self-denial of .vier * fife as by the eloquence Of his preaching,hecame the early fruits of his labors. The middleand humble classes of Society flocked by thousands ?io the ij^andwdof the Cross.; Pbrnearfy a century the Church thus planted flourished and increased success lead to private corruption, public dia- and finally to an outbreak with the Go-vernment Then came the days of persecution andJapanese Government have agreed,to protect this, 4 dinner, '^^^^^^^^^'^t thing-the.-meal was but we entered then and thereihtb a compact to desiet u and ijot the.song ot^p^i^^j^^^^^'^^^.,ready to be put up the (&vernOr of Tbkuhamai, exercise my^ voice while we are fism'ngl";;. '"'^';•..;_. me of the chill I had got in the water, and being soon and others, fo^dar* multitude of np-turned faces. pleaded strongly for the omissionofthe cross, hut £ 'The^ captureofthe skate did not matenally improve ish enough to hook himself during our absence. •*.. f . , , np-turned faces, all in vain. It was the humiliating price the -Bear our' prospect of I ^ B & I ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ , It so;.happenedthanI was first on deck after dinner. after'joinedf\by the Profesfor and the Artist, we ram- fringed around by the hrilJiaDt torches of somo1aliments, paitiicularly recommends the flesh of the shippers, the coming missionary of the . Nineteenth His objections were immovable. At length the Assy-In somo respects it might have been a little better. We lingered long after Mount Washington had van- In many respect*, it might have been a great dealMM, ,4-WPtrihution. ,TtfeverJias the wfcrld known^a more'the'; greatest.ofJFrenoh iethjolpgiets, who was a care- qoentily ascertained^ than; the loss of si' part of her y or ful^and accurate>':'ehWv^°;j^'d'''h'ad'imconunon facUi- keeL j S ationir^ the Asiry|Mn;:awSL^^Arti8t at thebow,; with instructions to keep a sharp lookout for^»^^^9^^B^&c$Mp. rocks, W4 ran a few miles further, and entering thesuccessful persecution. The seclusion ofA Htite >»>** than three centuries ago, Francis ieo^irom b u t s ^ faiences enabled them' to carryit;BJ^AOAWA, Japan, June 15, 1860. ,SYRACUSE, Aug. 2£, 1830.It is now near midnight? The annual' assem-•tkiB'tcr myestigatid Xavtak 'the '•ApoBikx of the Indie*," the, co»; out withTa terrible completeness. But the cros«r samejstateinent, 'Cuvier'iwalls of Smiahara Ch^ristian% made its final stand,modmighteven!then"have,hadhope, had not the slooptowardthenearestofthecountlessislesofCascotomostAmericanfishermen,hetossedthemonsterover- board, and seizing a line, he said he would soon give us something worth cooking. Sure enough, in a few minutes, probably because of his fresh bait, he pulledvolume composed wholly of portraits of the Bonapartefamily, which have been collected and bound by theowner. It contains more than one hundred differentengraved likenesses of the first Emperor, and an equalnumber of the remaining members of the fliustriousfamily. The unfortunate Duke Of Beich8tadt--thecrownless and scepterless Napoleon II. —is representedby twenty portraits. Among the most curious thingsin the volume, is a caricature head of Napoleon I.,printed in color by Ackerman of London, at the timewhen everybody in England, by the 0ucce*s of theAllies at Paris, had just been relieved of their dresd ofa a invasion and fear of the Corsican ogre bad given resolved upon his defeat if he dared to allow Mar place to hatred. In a description of the caricature name to go before that body for its indorsement* which accompanies the broadside, we are told that To this end, their " marked cards" were sent "the hat of the destroyer represents a discomfited hither and thither through the State. Bat theycannon of I^otestant Hollanders assisted to its <jvertbrow. Then ftBowed the days of retent- i o n persecutaon from house to house, rivalingdays of Bloody Mary. Over the grave of the Martyxs was set up the impious imperial edict, *' So long at the sun shall warm the earth, let no * * < 3 B S W ^ abhoM as to come to Japan; and **let aB know that the King of Spain himself, or the **<Jbriifian*7 fetod, or the tpreatvod of all, if he vio- *' lates> this command, shall pay for it with his head." Thus, less than a century witnessed the establishment and overthrow both of the foreignKtinxrch and the Portugese and Spanish trade, and _ „ confinement of the Dutch to Desima. Since that, nearly every trace of the Catholic Church in .Japan has been obliterated. Various unsuccessfulattempts have been made by the Church of Home, §fdown as late as the openingof the eighteenth cen-r3Few mquiries, therefore, can be more interesting & to the niodern traveler to Japan, or to the public at large, than the nvmiry for any remaining traces ofthe lost Church. Nor are later visitors to Japan able as yet to satisfy these inquiries. Of all theBay. As the gentle breeze swept the Helen slowlyever the sparkling waters, we spread on the top of thecabin the ample charts of the coast of Maine Withwhich our good friends in Portland had provided us, up a haddock weighing about seven pounds, as we and fell to diligent study of our proposed route.Every well- k formed Kepublican in the Stata knows, and every leading Republican out of Hi ought to know, that certain persons and presses that have of late been ostentatiously magnifying the claims of Gov. Morgan to a renomination, were, until within a few weeks, intent upon hiip humiliation by the State Convention. Theyhad[tury, to ascertain the fate of the native converts. TheDutchchroniclersaresilentastoanyvestiges of the lost faith. It was a memory they well might he indifferent to keep alive; and besides, they were not likely, after the affair of Simabara, to be the .repositories of any conf&ence from any of the pro- scribed rebgionists.it is doubtless safe to say that there are at least three hundred isles and islets, beside many bold and pictur-mouth St. Peter, at the command of Christ, took theand more astonished at the weight of his capture, andthe passive nature ofhis resistance, for the halibut, as thefishermenoftentoldus,neveryieldswithoutadesper- whoperishedontheplainsofRussiaandSaxony;hissired the overthrow of the Governor had!taken, and we anchored in deep water in a broad chan- ner, as he did so, was full of the most trembling I nel called Hussey's Sound. The Pilot kindled his firerolling on the other aide of the strip of land; but these—A Portland paper eays that Gen. Tom Thumb is to take a wife from that city, not only "one of Portland's fabrest daughters," but "the handsome and accom-i been handed down from one generation to another, * our Hues and began to fish...• as a precious relic. He knew little of its import, "Pish being more distinguished for the size of their iheyond the fact that its possession was dangerous, heads than for the amount of brains lodged in them," and that its original possessors had fallen under the observes the Rev. David Badham, at the beginning ofdispleasure of the Emperor. He attached to it some bis erudite and entertaining "Prose Halieutics," " fellvague feeling of being committed by its possession to early victims to the crafts and assaults of their arch- the faith it indicated. All be knew of that wasthat he-must not worship idols, and he could speak enemy, man." The remark of the learned authorthe names of Jesus and Mary. The Russian insig- nia of the Greek Cross had emboldened him thus to declare himself. His case illustrates the severity and faithfulness with which the old decree had been executed. In this family, so jealously watched had they been, so impossible had it been either openly or secretly to preserve the rites of the proscribed religion that its memory had faded out to the last possible degree, and yet be alive. Should the story of the Diana's midnight visitor ever reach Japanese ears I am glad to say that he is secure beyond thereach of discovery or harm.The imperial edicts are promulgated in this man-ner: At suitable distances along the great tho-roughfares, proclamation-places are established. Atfled roof is supported by two or four posts. Underturalist who observed the fish on the coast of Green- were not material. ;""'land did not find one with these marks, out of the The men of the fisherman's family were away, but plished daughter of one of our oldest and most es- many he examined, and neither Artedi nor Linnaeus in there were several women at the house, who received teemed citizens." She is said to be very "pretty tbeir description of Scandinavian haddocks make any us kindly, and gave us milk and berries. The Assyrian below the ordinary hight, and heiress to quite a mention of the spots. The French fishermen call the speedily made himself at home with the lacies, andthis roof, insenhed on wooden tablets protectedfrom the weather, are the edicts of the Emperor. whims and ways of our finny friends, and suspecting];Ivwaswalking,not long since,into the country, thatinthisitstancehisjudgmentwasbasedupon :withBr,H.ofthePresbyterianMission. Wehad observationofthestateofthetide,wepatientlypur-wandered some miles along a pleasant country road, sued our sport, if sport it could be called.bordered by hedge-rows, trees and cultivated fields. The Assyrian," who was prone to easy postures, hadfrom a farm-house nearbur landing-place. The island, which lies about ten miles east of Portland, is large enough for a German principality, and seemed to be fertileandwellcultivated. Thefarm-housewasbuilt onelevatedground,andtheviewofthesunsetandof the island-studded bay was superb. Fresh and sweet were the eggs and milk and butter with which we re-I could reach it and return, I should have had as much sea bathing as it was desirable, or, for me, pos- sible.to endure..Ireachediteasilyenough,andafterclingingtoitforportraits made in this country by Fevret do St. Memin struggling to escape righteous retribution. . a French artist, who resided here from 1795 to 1810.is undoubtedly founded in truth, but whether it was that the fish of Casco Bay are gifted with more brainssigned the position which has bound him to The Leader for.several years, and has accepted an editorship onTFe were skirting the edge of a narrow valley, in been for the last half hour lyirg on his back with his turned to our sloop as the twilight died away, whichwasasmallhamlet,whenhecalledmyat- bandsclaspedonthetopofhishead,andhisfeet,about and'veryjolly the supper we had in theamomentthoroughlychilled,turnedtogototheBhore. photographedcopiesofthemduringthepresentyear. Conceive! my consternation at beholding as I looked They include original likenesses of Washington, Jef-around, a woman approaching along the beach from ferson, Livingston, Burr, and most of our prominentmen and women of the period indicated. All of the thedirectionofthehouse'."Atall,elderlyfemale, portraits,exceptthree,weredrawnfromlife. Theywearingavail,andcarryingaparasol. Evidentlyshe was bent on a sea-side stroll. She must have seen are to be photographed by Gurney, and the whole me if she had looked in my direction, for the distance work is to be sold at $75 a copy.that separated us was inconsiderable. But she walked —Dr. Cogswell, the veneiable Superintendent of the with her eyes cast down, either wrapt in thought, or Aetor Library, is expected to return from Europe in searching for shells and pebbles, I could not determine September. He has been absent since June, and has which. Nordiditmuchmatter. Iwasnearlydead. alreadypurchasedbookstothenumberofnearlyfourtentiontoaseriesofimperialtablets,putupand whichhehadfastenedhisline,protrudingoverthelow protected in the usual manner at the. fork of twodiverging roads. One edict forbade the use of fire- rail of the sloop. He now began to sing a song, toarms; another, prohibited the harboring of fugitives which he was apt to have recourse when the time was from justice; another required the return of the passing heavily, and he was too .lazy to' make muchEmperor's stray hawks. There was yet another of exertion of intellect or memory. It began:little cabin before turning in to our berths. The evening was pleasantly cool, and the Assyrian, who was naturally of a medical turn of mind, remark- ing that boiled lobster was not wholesome unless well qualifiedwith something acid, availed himself of the pilot'ssteamingteakettleandbrewedapitcherofhot lemonade with a strong infusion of whisky, which he administered to each of us, in proper doses, as a sure preventive against any ill effects from our supper.g•'A':"•:more interest than these. It offered a reward of money equivalent to three hundred dollars for information of the whereabouts of any "Keris-The grmafhopper sat on the sweet potato vine,Up came the turkey gobhlt>r and yanked him off behind.thousand volumes.—Gignoux, the artist, is about returning to Europe, and will take up his residence in Parts.—One of our wealthy citizens, who is interested in several important patents, offered, during the bate visit of the Great Eastern to this port, to replace the boilers of that steamer with others of his own manufacture, which should save nearly 50 per cent of the fuel now used. The projector was to perform the work at his own expense, and only receive pay therefor when time and experience should have demonstrated the asserted economy of the hew improvements.The second stanza, intended to show the careless "**tan, Iromain, or Brutteran." Here, then, was security of the grasshopper, was next sung:with cold, but, of course, could not quit the shelter of the water while the lady was in sight. If she only kept onward, however slowly, I thought I could hold>;-m*myv-r.•-- *•>;•::*; . '-- -^•a^-v^^-v^ swsBsae?*: ".fpv —" FT' iwere cathedrals, convents, and thousands of wor- skate as agreeable in flavor and light of digestion.Century mayyet greet;with brotherly salutation thefaith-keeping descendant, of the disciple of Xayier. recited to him an imaginary passage of Aristotle aboutworse. We have a good ticket, and good princi- ples to plant it upOn. The triumph in regard to the' former would have been more complete audi satisfactory, if those who plotted and ardently de- sired the defeat of Gov. Morgan and Lieut. Gov. Campbell had dared to put their purposes to tho test. They exhibited ihe better part of valor by having the discretion to' smother (though vainly trying toconceal)anopposition to these faithful officers, which they could not make effectual to their overthrow.Nineveh tugged and tugged, growing gradually more French eagle, maimed aad crouching, after bis conflicts Boon learned that the very acts for which they de-FROM POR TLAN& TO MOUNTis-"e. the obstinacy of fishermen with regard to the edibleDESERT. qualitee of the skate. " '-[.'l-' line to the handle of the jug,, and lowered it overboard..v wasn 't a finer place in the world than Harpswell."L the sword. With what unnmching consistency the No July morning was ever finer than thaton which "dotft you suppose I know what fish are fit tonative converts held to their new faith the annalists we bade adieu to the fair city of Portland and its gen- eat," and with the aid of the.Skapper, who fully sym-ef the Komish Church have toW'usi Under the erous hospitality, and turned the prbwof our Kttle' pathized in his repugnance, which indeed is commonPERSONAL.Casco Bay extends from Cape Elizabeth on the west to Cape Small Point on the east, a distance of about twenty miles. It is an indentation in the coast whose greatest depth does not exceed fifteen miles. Beside Portland at its western end, there are three or fourjudged by the eye, for we were too anxious for dinner to'delay his transfer to the pot by putting him to the test of the steelyards. While he is being boiled, an! the. Skipper is setting the table, let me give you some account of the haddock. ,-It belongs to the same family as. the cod. A jet-flourishing towns on the shores of the hay, and em- black lateral line runs from the head to the tail, andbosomed m its waters, if the .popular account be true, above this line .the color of the fish is a dark gray, and are no less than 365 islands, a compliment to the days beneath it a beautiful silvery gray. On each side ofof the year which is also commonly attributed to Lake the fish, behind the gills, there is a dark spot, and thisGeorge, Lake Wmnepiseogee, and several other bodies peculiarity has led the fishermen of Catholic countriesof waters Without vouching for the exact number, to believe that the haddock is the fish from whosewith the eagle of the North; his visage is composed of the carcasses of the victims of his folly and ambition,aroused a sentiment in his favor among the honest throat is encircled with the Bed Sea, in allusion to his masses of the rural districts, which nothing could!tribute money, these spots being supposed to be the esqueheadlandsandpeninsulas,sothatscarcely marksmadebytheapostle'sthumbandfingerasheheldanywhere else in the world can you find a more variedone of the old proclamations respecting theproscribed faith daily read by people whocould scarcely any longer comprehend: to what italluded. > These tablets, as often as they are de-faced by time or tempest, are carefally renewed. fidy of the turkey gobbler:This particular tablet, our informants said, was two The grasshopper sat on the sweet potato vine,or three hundred years old. Keristan is the old Up came the turkey gobbler and yanked him off behind. ;word to signify the Catholics, and is still thus used This elegant ditty, whose chief merit was its capacity the shores of one of the largest of these, the Great over me. .at the present day. The other twAj names are no for indefinite prolongation, was suddenly interrupted Jebeig, and landed on its neighbor, the Little Jebeig, The lady was provokingly slow. She lingered, shelonger distinctly recognized. There can be no by a bite which nearly " yanked " the minstrel into the around which we walked, picking up shells on its stopped, she stooped to examine every shell and everyThe grasshopper sat on the sweet potato vine,Up came the turkey goboler and yanked him off behind. Then followed the third stanza, illustrating the per-The next morning, Wednesday, was fair and warm, out for, thank heaven, there was a rocky point at nb and we rose early, and, after breakfasting on rock cod great distance which would conceal her, or rafter me, and blue perch, which the Artist, who was up first, from view as soon as she should pass it. So I crouched caught alongeide, while the Pilot was making his fire, behind the rock to which I was clinging, shuddering we resumed pur cruise among the islands. We skirted with anguish as the chill *waves rolled in successionthe Embassies at Yeddo. Thte Government ac-lmowledged the existence of such laws, but said for a pollock, if nothing better could be got. There and he and I attempted to spread it on the top of the convinced that I was not only blue around the mouth,like considerations were used to facilitate their passage, these corrupt appliances began and endddl with the lobby, and never reached these particular members.. How all this is, and what are the pre-cise thatcannowbessidis,thatwhileputting in these mitigating picas, names were freely used—• whether rightfully, or not, the future may de-hurting y6u I'll send you word what day ? My hum- termine. But, ho who thinks that rascalitiei, such:recordwasmadeof^erysurvivingfamilywhohad once been attached to that faith. This record was revised by persons appointed to that duty, i their dwellings were frequently inspectedbeentakingontheshadysideofthedeck,hadalreadylet Itsuddenlyoccurredtomethatthetidewasrisingand havebeenthemostenthusiasticandimpressive politi'•:/H^w|MraW|istrnmmBm^eguoqee'ded in get-,J^vNEl$lt<2TOlii^ *«*!**(«*!»/*«*; pfo&j|wointhiRelieve';any thing but th el3o8|>el! -- %hatidee* Perley say, or Storer ?'.' " ^tSP-^it:•-•«-< Nothing about it. But Rbn<?elet --ofiilbntipelier,t:ing h«r (i^j$^j^nrrmfrrfiflrifi, ---• *v „«j***^«MW>^V^.-i^/lvl**^,,^,^,^.^.^^,^. . .' . .. ,-.<rears again its head in Japan. Over the graves ofS •thbritiy oh the fial es of the •Mediterranean.'' •' ' ^ : ; hear*|-shaped bay at the end of Harps weil Point, an-^ i o n ana ftknd of Ignatma Loyola landed on'i E n S b g * # J < ^ ? ^ H * waaone of the wortd's the murdered Russians, on the bluffs: that overlook M« ^©ry^eil,"* eaid!Ninus, " I yield tbe^point, and chored in deep wAt*r, not far from its eastern shore.treett^ooa,oneoftheCanreV*hoKeetsaints..theBayj>£Yeddov/riseeamonument,surmounted admitthemusicalears,thoughIsuspectitwasthe AstheSkippersaidthat,thiswasagoodplacefor Xfcfian*^everyp^rteoafcdanger,patientofanrian, | who had a bad habit of inventing quotations,ished in the gloom of twilight, and then, descending to the shore, assented fully to the patriotic remark of the skipper; as he rowed us to the sloop, that "there' "Damn Aristotle,*' responded the old fisherman,The strong tide swept it far along until it had gurgled |full of water, when, of course, it sank plumb. I re-turned to my own line, and presently caught a largecod, the sound of whose flapping on deck brought out' —Mr. James L. Oraham, jr., possesses a unique folio my comrades with the exception of the Skipper, whoremained to put the cabin to rights a little.The Assyrian, cigar in mouth, sat down onthetaffrail, and gently fingered his line with the air of a man who has had a satisfactory dinner, aid does not yet care to exert himself to catch fish for supper. Presently, however, he had a bite, and began languidly to pull up his line. The unusual weight soon made itself felt. The Assyrian grew suddenly excited. He said nothing about halibut, for previous disappoint- ments had made him reticent of expression on that point, but halibut was evidently in his mind, by the gingerly way in which he handled his line, holding it in readiness to yield judiciously in case the monster should suddenly put forth his strength. We gathered found to witness the struggle. The gentleman fromate and powerful contest. At length his piize reached more lovely commingling of land and water. in immense schools, which continue till the Autumn, the surface. Without remark the Assyrian quietlyit. It visits tlje coast of New-England in the Spring The shores of the islands and the promontories are though many remain through the Winter. In Summerdrowned hosts; his epaulette is a hand, leading the Rhenish Confederation, under the flimy symbol of a cobweb; the spider is an emblem of the vigilance of the Allies, who have inflicted, on that hand a deadly sting." Underneath the portrait is the following paro- dy on the Emperor's titles: "Napoleon the First andresist. They found that the vetoes he had throwa in the face of a corrupt legislature had made him so popular that the people had resolved to run him> again, even though t b e y h a d t o run him over tho necks of the conspirators who had plotted hie dis-< .ormostly covered with woods of maple, oak, beech, pines,and firs, growing nearlyto the water's edge, and throwiog their shadows over many a deep inlet and windingthe catch of haddock in Massachusetts Bay is about twelve times as great as that of cod, but in Winter these proportions are exactly reversed. In fact, thelifted it on board, amid roars of laughter, and as he passed into the cabin to relight his cigar, good humor- edly nodded to me, saying, " I'll pay you for that, my boy, before you are much older." He kept his word.channel. It is impossible to conceive, of any combina- haddock is so plentiful in the New-England fish mar-tion of scenery, more charmingj more romantic, more kets in/the Summer^ that, though it is one of the best captivating to the eye, or more suggestive to the im- of its tribe for the table, it brings the lowest price, aagination. No element of beauty is wanting. Many fish weighing several! pounds being often sold for aBy and by the Siipper put the jug into the boat, and Last, by the wraih of Heaven Emperor of the Jaco-' grace. These "marked cards" reported these alarm-fruits of Javier's missionto this people, ** to deliver of the islands are wildly picturesque in form, and from cent,.and myriads being used for manure. It swarmswhose precious souls from the tyranny of sin" he on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, particu- declared was his " nourishment, sleep, yea life it- their woodland summits you behold on the one handtheAssyrian and I went ashore with him to a fisher- bins, Protector of the Confederation of Bogues, Media-man's cottage, the only hou e in sight. I had been tor of the Hellish League, Grand Cross of the Legion struck, as I saw it from the deck of the sloop, with the of Horror, Commander-in-Chief of the Legions ofing facts, and instantly the plan of operations w a s changed. It was resolved to make Morgan seem to be the candidate of those who, till this startling , report reached their ears, were bent upon whist- ling him down the wind as they had other Gov- ernors when no longer available. fk>, Ms re4 nomination was on everybody's « slate."Not so with Lieut. Governor Campbell. This' •en^"; nothing is now apparent. Every church the surges of the Atlantic, breaking almost at your feet, larly on the east .ceasts. swimming in large schools,. V edifice has been destroyed t>y fire, every Christian? He dwelt in a very beautiful spot. The grassy Head Runner of Runaways, Mock High-Priest of the^hnrialplace obliterated, every cross, book:, picture or symbol sedulously destroyed. The names <of its rites, symbols and ceremonials are lost from thelanguage, feo thorough and complete have been the, unremitted efforts of the Government from the daysland on which his cottage was built extended far oat Sanhedrim, Mock Prophet of Mueselmansj IMfock Pillarand on the other the placid waters of the bay, spangled which appear in certain localities nearly at the into a great lake; and it seemed as if, out of love, this of the Christian Faith; Inventor of the Syrian Methodby multitudinous gems of emerald, while in the dim same time in different years, arriving on the Yorkshire slip of ground stretched itself into the clear, blue, and of disposing of his own Sick by sleeping Draughts, or distance you discern on the horizon the sublime peaks coast for example, about the 10th of December. The wonderfully bright waters, and also as if the waters, of captured Enemies by the Bayonet; First Grave- of the White Mountains. school in thatquaiter, on its first arrival, has been seen with loving arms, clasped the fair meadows with their Digger for burying alive; Chief-Gaoler of the HolyFor several hours we sauntered, rather than sailed, to extend from Flamborough Head to the mouth of the high-waving grass and flowers and the refreshingthrough this enchanted and enchanting fairy-land, steer- Tyne below Newcastle, a distance of eighty miles in dom or never trodden by any but the fisherman and Crowns, and Manufacturer of Counts, Dukes, Princes,• o f Iyeyas, or Ogosho-sama, till the present time,ra& that the memory of this faith only remains as the ing now hither and now thither as caprice impelled, or as length, with a breadth of three miles. The fishermen his household, for behind the slip of land lay a very and Kings; Chief-Douanier of the Continental Sys-attempt to prostrate the Governor was abandoned in despair, they continued to delve and mino against the Lieutenant-Governor. But, they had] not the courage to make, broadly and in open day,the perpetually^changing views attracted. At length at these times catch them in such quantities that they wild wood—;'' tem; Head Butcher of the Parisian and Toulonesedimmest of dim traditions.In 1854, the Russian frigate Diana lay in the har-s h e r of Simoda, where she was afterward wrecked. A t the dead of night a boat from ashore came along- side. Its sole occupant was a Japanese. It wasevident, from his manner, that he had come off insome important errand. He was taken aboard and sinto the cabin. Pobrst looking carefully about the cabin,lesthemightheseenoroverheardofsomehidden person, he produced from the folds of his ~dressanancaem?ahaweii~worncrucifix. Hisman-anxiety. He said it belonged to his family, and had ] m the furnace at the companion-way, and we baited docks of the Arctic seas. At least Fabricius, the na-No description could be more exact. Here, before Maesawes; Murderer of Hoffer, Palm, Wright, Ney, our eyes, was the solitary cottage, the grassy point of of his own. Prince, the noble and virtuous Duke ofland, the clear, blue, bright waters, the . refreshing Engbien, and of a thousand others; Kidnapper ofthe Skipper, whose taste for the picturesque was yet sell them at the rae of two or three for a pennyl Theyundeveloped, and who besides from a former residence are taken with hand lines, in the same manner. as cod.of many years^at HarpsweH on the Northern side of In ttormy weather they refuse the bait and takethe invidious distinction involved in the denomina- .Campbell A fight, feeble in numbers, but intensein bitterness, was- kept up against him until the lastmoment. But,whenthemotiontonominate Morgan by acclamation was pending, and about t o beput,andMr.JamesS.Wadeworthmovedto amend by inserting Campbell's name, the applause which greeted the original proposition and the amendment, satisfied everybody that the chief audi his lieutenant were both in the same boat, and thatit would safely reach the haven. So, the conspir- tors were again foiled.The most marked feature of the occasion waa the attendance in and upon the Convention ofhaddock, hadot, from which it is probable tint the English.name is derived.when I proposed to go to the beach, abouttwo hundredyards from the house, to take an ocean bath, he refusedto accompany me, but offered to wait where he was tilllarge estate."—Mr. Henry Morford, the well known poet, has re-atd hauling with all our B t r ^ g ^*M Itf, pect me to wait Xtx the termination of your bath?", 1 recognized the voice ailnVlirstwrbrd, and was be- iside Ihe .speaker Iwtfbre the s«nt«nce was fmiahed. THfi REPUBLICAN /ST A TE CONVENTION.persuaded the women at the cottejge to* lend hitn hie blage of the Republicans of our S f c a ^ a i t h i *;disguiFe Jnbrder td'Tepay me; ''ai'h&'h'ad'promiM^/'for " City of Convention*," i* ju*fc going but in a per-theaffairofthejug.Ifbrgave-hhnforthesakeofthe fectblazeof.rocketsandtorches,andafuiiouj*j withaGreekcross. By.solemn,s^pulation:the freeh\lobsterohmyhook;that;'aWaeted"!;i^._wretch, fieh,wegotoutour"lineswhilethe;Pilot;wasgettingprovocation,tbongbhehadputmetodirefulforure—» >mpcstofenthusiastichubbubofallsort*. Fromrap« liter;fiber •on'bell, "andand keep ft hirepair so long as the aun shall tato vme. But in future I sbalJf;b^ ^reMhbw;i rtady and wev went below, leaving our lines in the from such pranks for the future.*« warm the earth." When the monument was water in hopes of finding that some fish had been fool- A smart run on the beach in the warm air relieved the speeches of Bruce, H. B. Stanton, J. W, NyeofthefrozenNorthexactedforthesheddmgofwP poeedtocookthe^creature,oratleastaportionofit, Itriedthelines,butfoundnothmgoaught. TheAssyT nocent blood. To-day a Catholic Padre sits securely ti^-'S^^wo^i^o^^^^oli. an abbmination. in rian's line was oyer the stern^ and; as the* tide wasrunning very fast, he had let it out to its whole length of several hundred;feet. I hauled, it in to, see that it was still baited, and as no one had yet followed meout of the cabin, I was enticed by the opportunity to play the Assyrian a trick. A huge stone jug weighing many pounds and capable of holding several gallons stood near me on the deck empty. It was our principal water jug, and the-Skipper had placed it there to haveit handy, intending to take it ashore and fill io after he had cleared away the dinner things. The temptation waB irresistible. I quickly tied the end of my friend's. andiin the shadow of the Court of Ogosho-Sama, another vain he was assured that 'it was a favorite;fish in the•is at Hakodadi, another at Nagasaki hears the markJBts of i^ndoh, Paris, and Edinburgh; in vain I break ,of the same ocean against the Mount ofMartyrs that rolled there two centuries and a half citedi to him the Rev. Badham's assertion that'.ailskate ago. The old Worl: interrupted will be one day re- is eatablej though not nil equally good; in vain themain land beyond, and farther si-ill, tothe White Moun- tains, of which we had never from any point obtained a more beautiful or more impressive view.colnites.Upon the whole, wo have had a good Convention.••I r-« Count< mitte* Even*toral thai Ub inten* ment» iHKmi mox. •oaJid on a"-Ever* inp»r Eleco Dopui ayiDj?;the J;« Electacede recoad i n g WJJ onths customwhom, Brooks disgust; ready* tLo pratbe men Everett their id caaee ciau in Mr.J< aecurel; inatkn Detaoc: Amend in the I he " ne/asidtj, ence it h for one tbelk-ll as you i Gov. H Slight * not thin theclah Thel>o the two ensued < the next the hi-ai alreadya gloriou back agaj the two C with eaclarlywi enoee w< Certainor did, ai the eod; Buffalo £ I fear tbinerer to The BO Dean Ri< tbe Bell-!worth m given for ticket, hiand not—Evw the Polii members —Wal the Voa more th whose ntcreating—On npoiie rai enthuei.-i* 1810. S{ Goodrich Secretaj rade o'' mtetiiig«—Fi*i* RtpuLlic Six htm Trumbullogg wad Swedish vicibity, light pr«.K the eutbu hearty,—On tl onstratiox less tbj'.o. Tjunil 11 spoke. b<" —At a Yancey d to a defer ibm. Vt" B e Dou£lii»(Mr. Wri gcing b* »«ced«d J «*p:uii*-!that with and it Yon ing, oringbe -Autfo applauds announce*, •ye, ae iixhis foot, at —The C thecirculatempts to which iu \r eoough"The f nlar vote!.tant,&v.i, xnente a* t ding that South, ami even shou Incendiarynewed. "When the port of Oasaca shall be openedProfessor assured him that Galen, in his treatise on'••near to the cities Of Miaco and Sakai, where oncesingular beauty of the place, and iss resemblance to Skeletons left at Moscow, Smolensk, Leipeic. etc ; the abode of the fisherman in Undine.AB cooked by the Pilot, we pronounced the haddockthan the rest of their tribe, or that they were natur hoisted sail, and cruised idly about among the islands shore to partake also of milk and berries. So I poem in the last number, entitled " Horicon," and the crowd of faces which filled every nook and cornerally unwilling to quit their charming d celling place,certain it is that, in our case they did not fall early vic-tims. For more than an hour we fished without abite. We suggested to the Skipper that our lines werenot cast in pleasant places, and that we had better shiftour ground. But that worthy, who had an innaterepugnance to hoisting the mainsail oftener than hewas fairly obliged to, held for some moments silent andmysterious communion with the sky, the water and theneighboring shores, and then confidently predicted that witnessthe sunset, and get milk, eggs, and butter the fish would soon bite. Having, from past experi-ence, considerable faith in his penetration into theI came back. The skipper had gone to his sloop withexcellent, and after dinner we raised the anchor, his jug of water, to invite the Artist and Professor on The Sunday Atlas. His inaugurative articles were a large numbers of the last Legislature, and of t h etill near sunset, when we put into a delicious little went alone to the sea, and strolled along the first one of a series of pleasant sketches called " Summer of the State .Capitol last Winter, and known aecove, narrow, deep and shady, on Jewell's Island. As w e . glided in, an old fisherman who residedbeach till I came to a convenient pile of rocks, out Wanderings up the Hudson." " the lobby." One spectator, who had been famil-—F. H. Bellew, the artist, sailed for England onof sight of the house, and took off jny clothes and Weneeday morning. He has received the appointment iar with the scene at Albany, remarked that itnot daring to plunge boldly in, I endured fearfal which is about $2,000 a year, and the duties of which did there when the two Houses were about to take torture in the heroic efforts to get a thorough bath. will not interfere with the pursuit of his artistic la- a vote on the vetoes of " the gridiron bills "—only he A few rods farther along from where I went in, there bors. thought the crowd now looked rattier paler and more was a large rock almost covered by the water to —Mr. Elias Dexter, the print collector of this city, frightened than they did then. Then they were work- which I determined to go, calculating that by the time has lately purchased in Europe 761 engraved plates of ing for the wages of corruption; now they wereon the island came alongside in his dory to have went in. The water was awfully cold, though the looked very much here, yesterday and to-day, as it a little chat, and gave us a magnificent lob- air was warm, and .being unable ,to swim, and so of Paymaster to the Militia, the salary attached toster, which went immediately into the pot for. sup- per. After coming to arfChor, we all went ashore in our boat, except the Pilot, who was detained on board by his duties as cook, to explore the island,.The dreaded bolt descended. The condemnatory resolution ofthe Convention, though mild when comparedwithwhatsomedeemedtobemerited, was crushing. An excuse urged by many of the culprits and tbeir friends, doubtless had some influ- ence in mollifying the censure of the Convention. ItisworthyofBpecialattention. Theyalleged that many Members of the Legislature were in- duced to vote for these corrupt schemes, notj from pecuniary considerations which were to enure directly to their own benefit, b u | because certain leading Republicans urgei that the passage of certain bills would bring into- the coffers of the party large sums of money,, to be used for political purposes. It was also stated thafc some of the less wary or weaker-minded members- yielded to the artful appeals and stronger wills of long-headed managers, and voted for some of these schemes without fully understanding theix precise bearings, and without being aware of the corrupt appliances employed upon other members,, and the pecuniary interest, direct or indirect, which they had in them. It was urged in extenu- ation in behalf of still another class of members that, being rather good-natured, and willing toto know who should have used this term to indicate line, "A halibut, at last, I think!" To catch a halibut panse of the baj for that place, which the'Skipper* who her off. Still, I trusted she would pass without seeing steam press and the necessary apparatus for publishinga religious brotherhood atr the time of the edicts had been for some time the main object of the Assyri- had formerly resided there, said was more beautiful me, and thought I could endure a little longer. the Indfyendant, which he will commence immedi- oblige friendB in cases where no harm was to ac*doubt that Romanists are intended by the word Iro- water. He rolled over and scrambled to his feet with beaches, and exploring caverns in its rocks. Toward pebble. I grew almost frantic with' suffering and wasmain. ; Brutteran at once reminds us of the word noon the wind freshened, and, blowing fair and strongBrethren, sr the Dutch broederen, bat it is difficult remarkable agility, exclaiming, as he hauled in his for Harpswell's Point, we stretched across a broad ex- twenty times on the point of crying out, and warning I —Alexandre Dumas has gone to Paris to purchase am against Christians. No Englishman surely; and the an's ambition, and the further east we went the more At length she reached the rocks, among which I had ately in Palermo^ L'Indtpendant will be a large ,: Hollander of those days was far from using any confident he became that every large iiah he hooked than anything we had yet seen. We were running deposited my clothes. She did not notice the garments newspaper, printed in French, and will be devoted tocme, they yielded to the persistent appeals of mem in the lobby who had won their confidence, andl were thus induced to yote for schemes which thoy did not clearly comprehend, but which they were' not then aware were profligate. And it was in- sisted, and with apparent sincerity, that in the.'• - a'words -whatever in a religions sense. Nor can I along pretty rapidly, when the Skipper, who had thecredit the statement of the most intelligent Japan- would prove to be the coveted prize. I observed, helm, began to show symptoms of uneasiness. It was apparently, but after pausing for a miifute, . coolly sat the interests of Italy. Garibaldi has given it warm/ese I have met, that the Mohammedans are intended i y it, for there is nothing in the analogy or synchro- nism of events to warrant the assertion.i The attention of the Japanese Government was eaBed to the existing edicts against Christianity bvhowever, that the old Pilot, who always grew excitedat the prospect of halibut, after one eager glance at thehue, turned with indifference to his furnace, on which,by this time, he had a large iron pot, bubbling withboiling water, all ready for a cod or haddock, or' even The Professor brought out the Coast Survey chart, long in the water rushed upon my memory. I feltrecommendation.so many years, he said, since had sailed these waters, that he was not quite sure of his course—there were a good many sunken reefs in this part of the bay.—The subjoined note of Alexander Pope to his friend David Mallet, the literary executor of Bolingbroke," DKAR Sin: I was quite grieved to learn that your- was evidently no hope of halibut yet. cabin; but the wind blowing too hard for that, we "but blue all over. It seemed as if I had'been in the self and Mrs. Mallet were at my door yesterday, The capture proved to be a skate—a fiat, broad, carried it below, and spread it oh the cabin table. We water at least two hours. I should certainly die. But though I fear it was but your first, flight after your had just begun to examine it/when my attention was illness. Mr. Brown had sent his chariot to desire methey were at present inoperative, though time wouldbe necessary forjthe absolute repeal of the same.I.can imagine the unwillingness of the Governmento take down these tablets from their resting-place a tail like a monkey's, and a spade-shaped snout armed arrested by a strange grinding and pounding sound ap- caused my very bones to ache. Positively I could been and still being extremely ill). I am myself in nospiny, brown-backed monster, with a dirty white belly,of centuries, and the inquiry it might provoke "Withpowerfulteeth. Hewasverylarge,aboutthree parentlyjust beneath my feet,underthecabinfloor. standitnolonger. • respectbetterthanwhenIsawyou;butitwouldhaveamong a people whose eyes had daily seen the/oflor '''.'oft&isanomalousreward., It is stated on good authority, that of the inter:;prefer to the American Legation "at Yeddo, that liberty we had taken with its person, and furiouslyattracted and entranced by concord of sweet sounds and I believe Aristotle said the same thing tome centu- ries before him."that my post would no longer be tenable evenif I could cal demonstration'which has heen known in that town delve in the dark. Long-headed politician*, when" They were a couple of Ignorant, heathens," re-IXit wff fthwn ft?\wH sponded Ninqjj a ggjjj Yggj ajyont hto worthier priTM land. Fortunately the tide was riling; wjd in theof my lungs; J-; c £ ;,:-- --•. -v-c.^ Martindale, esq., and Mr.^Wm. C. Bloss. The meet- 'I Hallo/ yourself. Wh{tf are you nytfring s.ucjj § ing theft organized a Republican. Club.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•^;&&its?M.V:*it-. :. .. ,.,^^i^lor tbef propose of d&wwerfng any reMour prac Jj^9rmmt>Ml*z..,.-..I had never heard anything like it, and had not thebeen a great pleasure to me to have detained you twofacts,. willneverbe known. A&feet in length, and it required a good deal of careful^atagement.togethimaboardwithoutbreakingthe leastsuspicionofitscause. Iglancedinquiringlyat vigorously.Itdidnogood.Shewasabsorbedini'ustforadiningtime,andajustexcusetohim.1expectI began by coughing, gently at first, afterward more.stout cod-line. The creature was very angry at the the Professor, who turned pale and darted on deck. her book, some foolish novel, doubtless—confound the day will be so soon as to-morrow, as he intends to staythere is at Yeddo a commanity of ahundred families lashed the deck with its tail, iqueaking and writhing in on the coast of Japan, and under circumstances living together, who are lineal descendants of -a droll manner. not likely tb.make him forgetful of its.meaning. I••• • •• •.'•'•..•... -.. ,•.author! I hemmed, hawed, hooted.I splashed the water. All to no effect. A horrible ble services are Mrs. Mallet's, and all my true affec-xeea&ting CbxiMtwm of bygone days. They are " Behold the power of melody,'' said the Professor helm yet in his hand, looking sheepish enough at the deaf as Dame Eleanor Spearing. I tried to get a stonesupported at the expense of the Emperor, and their to the Assyrian. « It w8B your singing that brought result of his pilotage. The Assyrian and the Artist from the bottom to throw at her, or rather near her, in•office it to act as spies to discover any followers of this W n r t e U , bait. Sixteen hundred years ago,the proscribed religion. When the Christians had Oaudn, JBhamiB in his De Amvudium Natura, were staring wildly about them, while the prompt old hopes of attracting her attention, but found I could notHe had heard that sound once before, while cruisingfive or six days. If you can dine with him withoutfollowed him-to the deck. The Skipper stood with the—On Wednesday afternoon a Republican rally tookbeen nearly extirpated after the fall of Simabara, a affirmed that the skate had musical ears and could be Pilot, though so suddenly roused from a nap he had reach bottom without putting my head under water. place at East Henrietta, New*York, which is said to Successful scoundrels are secretijre. Old rogue* ^••••'down and, to my horror and despair, pulled a book from under ber shawl and began to read.death itself was preferable to this infernal cold, which to go in it to Apsoourt, and return earlj (he havingthought flashed across me—perhaps she was deaf—astions are yours." Tuesday Night."" A . P O P E .ae prevailed at Albany last Winter, can he fully exposed, and that rascals, such Whore rule, there, can be promptly punished, has ttudxed neither the annate of crime nor the ingenuity of criminals*••'•gerousasiif the »-Hi«means in \ perfect* menu vcan to Suplifortheju!member ono one «:jgo the ji t>, and was lowering the mainsail. Oar ves-sel had run her length on to a reef about five feet bo- stand the cold. That settled the question. or its vicinity since 1844, A liincoln and Hamlin flag-ulow the surface, and was stuck fast about a mile from : Hallo! Hallo there!" I shouted with all the force staff was raised, and addresses were made by J. H.plundering the public, do tJ»eir negotiating as thejR do> their stealing, through mediums, dupes, dum-t U1CJ* B W U W 8 , O miesthat he b &.JR umt ae i:a* it lights oi^7ies.; 'It is to be honed that the Conveation will he a?Untitled Document7 —_^^^CT^^A^p|^|Je> t.vHoiW|opglb:y;^;ex.,bled till sunset amid the groves and glades and rocks three thousand Wide-Awakes from all parts oi and beaches of the peninsula, which we all agreed far Western and Central New-York. Cannon are surpassed Nabant in beauty, while it almost exactly booming, men are shouting, ladies are waving resembled it in situation. Thesunset, as we watched their handkerchiefs, and the Central square of the it from a lofty bank, crowned with noble trees, wasglorious. Our view extended over Casco Biy to the city is all alive with an excited throng of Lin-the £ * *£>a ;clique had always disliked him; for, they had! shade. of the trees. Yet was this pleasant place sel- Father and of the King of Spain; Destroyer of. never been able to use him. For weeks after theitthe bay was sufficiently familiar; with its beauties, be- refuge in deep water till the commotion has subsided. shade of trees, and behind the house the identical wild Embassadors; High-Admiral of the Invasion Praams; tion of Morgan, and the refusal to renominategan to intimate that it was time to think of The haddock is found far north, in the Greenland seas, wood that separated the dwelling of Undine's foster- Cup-Bearer of the Jaffa Poison; Arch-Chancellor ofdinner, and that a few fresh fish would lend but has never been seen in the Baltic nor iu the Medi- father from the rest of the world. Surely La Motte Waste-Paper Treaties; Arch-Treasurer of the Plunder additional grace and unction to that important cere- terranean. It is singular that the mark of StT Peter's Fouque" must have seen Harpswell Point. in a vision of the World; Sanguinary Coxcomb, Assassin, and mony.IntrpitooftheArtist'sprotest,thehintwas thumbwhiohiouvverwantingin,thespecimenstaken ordream.Theonlydifferencesbetweenthetwo Incendiary."in British waters, nor, so far as I know, in those taken places were, that instead of a great lake there was a onthecoastsofNewEngland,isnotfoundinthehad- greatbay,andthatthesurgesoftheAtlanticwere•JThese plates have, never been published, and Mr. DexterproposestoissueaneditionofonehundredI could stand it no longer. All the tales I hadever heard of persons-Who.had died from staying too and the author of "William and Margaret," has never case of some of these measures, if money or othec• •we believe, appeared in print:Irtrd Bolingbroke this week, but am not certain histhe window where I"write I can hear the echo of•••' :.' :•".' ••' . '•V -.isMmL^Uf.'aJ&i' kJaAC"- »>•.»•» i^fV >Jte£^iQe^ibr?/- •Mi«!!Sfe(iS«lifefe^ij^-^^^wi• . . ; YY;.. AiHiiii.ii, Aww.fultonhstory.com,i 