 ICcmmissary of War at Trieste to continue the enlist- ments of Austrian volunteers for the military service of Naplee.26,f0- agt. W. H. Sullivan. 10,001agnay, warlike meau»D7e&began throughout the country. On too one mill on tbe dollar"; stating that there will be no oat-••;-as,i."pacaed a few days at Paris, hac left again fer Bavaria. It ie asserted tnat he ie about*to addrese a znaniresto to tbe Tuscan nation, promising to forget the past, andrewted a few days since on a charge of adulterating thenitric acid made for the mint, by throwing salt into it.Chase was formerly a partner in the acid works, butlately sold out, and is no w suspeoted of having at- . Gen. Belzu, ex-President of Bolivia, passed through To the Editor 0/ The N.. Y. Tribune.WParie. Neehangeis exacted until th-» result of W& debate >n the English Partiament on the treaty of com-naeree \mknown. --. A - . _ » _ '" TbemannfactorersofLyonshayeatpresentaw«^ thongh not extensive hnstoess. The Paris floor amicorn markets were firm last week.THE EMPEROR *NI> THE K g ^ ^ ^ PARIS, Tuesday, Feb. 21.-A circular of M. BiHaultWjmuj 20^ sVQaeenetOWXuThe Xtphiee, repor ed last, ha* since been spoken. acit«tion on the Roman question M. Billault instructsthe dietribu- port yesterday. She left New-York at 3:25 p. m 20th m^gke Liaoa (orLuna), from Havrefor New-Orle-ins, SePrefectstoprohibit,accordingtolaw the distnba.i FROM EUROPE.AliOFT8EJOBW-TOHK.***££ -•^.^••<f:4fr-">'>New-Xork, which left Southampton on2fifc»2M •£ Fefcuary, arrived here yesterday.l i e Amtriea arrived at 3:55 p. xn. <mMonday, Feb-ABBIVAL, OF THE ATLANTIC.,198,711 in Gold,G.B.Lowe,theAssessorof8utterCounty,was )astyear. Theincomingharvestpromisestobeabund- ANIMPORTANTfiEPORTFROWTfflECOWTWJILER*«-' w*» tonally lost on the 17th February, off Barfleur,«*«*t of France, and out of 20 of a crew and 85 pas- S £ o f ^ p n l p i t is abused. He recommends them toM.,;and$35to$40forCalifornian. Inoticetherather February; at 6:30 21et February passed the North tne former for the murder of John B. Lewis,the latter unuanal sale of 230 jars of Qoickeilver for California.Xiverpeel, and has not since been heard of.vENGLAND.HODSK OF LORDS Feb. 20.—Lord Derby, on inquir- and a grand ball has been given to the Marquis deGolden Age left San Francisco 20th February, and ar- Boa. The Marshal warned the Captain of the' steam- have been »>ark Adjuster, Havana; ship Ocean Travel- Bouse what, in hi* opinion, will be tb« amount of Ux re<piire4 rived at Panama at 10:30 3d of March, making the tug, hut he, too, paid no respect to the officer. After for the wont* of his office and of the other depertmeaU of lb*5M what steps her Majesty's Government intended to lake to carry into effect the 20th article of the Treary *f Co»n..erce with Franc*, had no doubt the Govern- ment considered tbe trraty as one of reciprocity—an Sntion from which he most strongly dispensed, ineibko entertained to the treaty m«gbt be estimatedfccm the fact ih*t the Emperur ol the French, with al:Company's steamship Atlantic left Aspinwall at 8:40 she was caught during the day by a steamer andrevenues as he may deem important to commanioato. r By order, WM. RICHARDSON, Cl«rk.The Controller, having received the above resolu- tion, will, with such knowledge as he has obtained duriDg tho brief penod he has been in office, proceed to «ive l.is annwer.Iria power, was obliged to have the authority of aThe first question is, What in his opinion will be tbe Convention for the revision of the Constitution had or- amount of tax required for the waot« of his office andH O U S E O F C O M M O . N S , F e b . 2 0 . — A f i e r t h e p r e s e n t a t i o n of a host of petitions, chiefly relating to the Budget, and replies to various qneutions, on the order for goinginto domxuiUee npon ibe Customs Acts, Mr. JDu Cane aad Mr. Lindsay having postponed amendments ofwhich they naa given notice.Mr. Dwraeii moved the fo'Joking resolution:t h e a l t o i r w a s 3 3 k i l l e d , 1 4 6 w o u n d e d , a n d 2 1 m i s s i n g . 1 - o g f D e K e l l y &. C o . . . . The press is unanimous in demanding an energetic Conroy & O'Connorline of policy against Morocco.GERMANY.4 9 , 0 0 0 W m . H o g e &. C o 8 5 , 6 0 0 w i t h a t r a p t o p r o t e c t a h e n - h o m e f r o m t h i e v e s . H e 1»,'•«0 Am.Exchange Bank.... 51,000 had made a bargain before hand to sell two chickensLoid John Russell thought that to endeavor to bar- ns* the Ho-.** by question as to the form of procedure wae anworthy ot a great party.Lord Palmemon insisted that the subjecting all the aiaaees of the tre*ty to the control of Parliament would be contrary to the tundamenou principled of the BritishT H E ST ADE DUES.HANOVER. Feb. 18.—The Kinj> of Hanover has eon-gented to submit the question of the Stade Dues to the General Couference.•M a r k e t s .Tne toral tax will be as follows: .' For General Fund, 1{ mill, producing sayFor completion of Canals, 4 mill, sayFor School tax, ^ mill. a*>For interest on * 12,000,0000 debt, I mill, say.. For interest and sinkinjfund of $2,500,00 debt,y mill, Bay...... v.For immediate wsiits, J mil], say„ Total sum to be raised by taxTh's is the statement which truth requires to h€mace to you.The m-at question is, will the condition of the finan-ces wa-rant any appropriations for new works ?The answer to the fixtt question involves the answerCo*tab;li.passage in 12 days. The North American Steamship they put out to eea the Marshal got on the tug and came Feather, San Franciaco; schooner Harriet Irvine, of tho financ** will wsj-rant any appropriations for new works;back. Fortunately the Blondel was becalmed aud Boston. The departures were James Cbeston for To- and to give »uch oib«*r lzjlormauon nn to 'the condition of ourgive the Honee an opportunity to express its opiuion apon the treaty in the same manner as Mr. Pitt had 4ene in 1757. Upon a division, the amendment was nr.gatived by 293 to 230, and the Hoase went into a Committee on the Customs Acts.l a the House of Commons, Feb. 21, Mr. Da Cane here to undertake the formation of the new Ministry. wild as those current in California in '49. A youngSteved the /olio wing resol ation: B e has declared to the Kim: that his nvnieterial pro- fellow named Brandes, who used to loaf about Sao" Thai this House, recognizing the necessity of pro- gramme will entirely differ from that of the late Cab- Franckco, -went over to Carson city last Fall, and es-Tiding for the increased expenditure of the coming inet. His Majesty has consented to the policy of the tablished a liquor shop, and now he writes that he iBfinancial .year, is of opinion that it is not expedient to addte the exising deficiency by diminishing the ordi- aary revenue, and is not prepared to disappoint the j p a expectations of the country by reimposing theBishop.taking in from $65 to $80 every day at his bar, and has two silver leads each 200 feet long, for one he has been offered $800 per foot, and for the other $600, BO that the former lead would be worth $160 000, and the latter $120,000. He has ore worth $8,000 already dug.died without a struggle. A t tbe post-mortem examina-tion ii w a s found that, bes:de the fracture ou the backof the head (caused, it.is thought, by a stone), his fore-head was fearfully cut, and both hia wrests were black works increase. The whole amount may as well beJbutome tax of an unnecessarily high rate."' D«be»te adjourned.from the struggle in which he lost his life. Tho de- fully stated aud considered. This is alike due to yon ceased was a brave officer, having distinguished hiai-F»b.22:*The large majority last night in favor of the Gov-ernment caused the funds to open to-day (Tuesday1 •with great hrmness, which has been fuilj maintained I* »he eloee. Contoim were qaoted at the close at 94£•»94j for money, and 94\ ^yS for March.Monetary aflairs are continually improving.PRUSSIA. *for shootidg. Only the day prior to that upon whichthe letttr was written five men had been shot, " and," Aspinwall on the 26th ult., we have news from Bo- knew him; and his IOBB is not only deeply lamented, new works.7 Having all come fresh from the people, he remarks, " it was a very poor day for shooting at gota to the 27th of January. In the capital every- but will be severely felt by all friends of the circle he will your constituents bear additional taxation? l a"ibe applications /or discount at the Bank were onBERLIN, Feb. 21.—The new Prussian Gazette says:" We learn that a proposal of the Cabinet of St. Pe- writing from Qnincy, says:•hange, loana for thort periods are obtainable at 2. Freneh Itentee advanced i; are quoted at 68f. In JLaiencan Securities, New York Central advanced."Washoe on Monday laat. Ho miya tbe adjectives in the language tunate as to fall into the hands of the press-gang. The merchants in Lima and Callao, and an immense con-could not give even a faint conception of tho severity of the course of sailors and Eogiish artizans formed a long"Washoe "Winter; and that, Bave of Coniutock, Spanish, and the States of Santander and Anti >quia were quiet, but inCulijoruia claims, no one knows whethor Washoe mines are of BoyacA the Federalists of Venezuela had, according to procession*from the beach to the cemetery. Tbe usual the •General Fond is nearly all from taxes. The If anyaccountornot,whilehundredsofminersart?holdingclaimu theEcodeBoyacd,committedgreatatrocities,mur- honorswereobservedwhenthebodywasloweredto milltaxwillyieldinroundnumbers,say....$1,575,000serve as a basis lor the Conference, juut as Denmark did for the Bound Dues.ter tbere in intensely oold, and the snow still covers the ground. Hiram Piereon, a notorious millionaire of this city, is among thoee who sterted. Many private$5,470,000THE DANISH MINISTRY.. COPENHAGEN, Feb. 19.—Bishop Monrad has arrived letters nave been received, and they contain storiee asTURKEY. — •The amount of tax will have to be increased as newCONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 11.—Kiatzem Bey, the fa- Beside his remarks about his claims, he says in his From Our Own Correspondent. The following Is from The Times (City Article), vorite son of Fuad Pasha, is dead. Fuad Pasha is llL letter that Washoe is the finest country in the worldseif during the Crimean war; he was young (26 years) and to the people we represent. Let it be well under-KSS1VEW-YORKDAIL YTRIBUNE* MONDAY, MARCH 12,1860.tri:couple tof-weeks; ronce in Round Valley, by the aecirchcob, See.The mhrlngmteTestfeprosperous; duringTHE FINANCES OF THE STAIE.mmmmmmm^8densaldischargeoihisgoW* .-•'*if*M* "W'**•' theyear1859,notwithstandingtherevolution,theyieldJ . J Lamerick was shot and mortally wounded in! of copper was 85,029 Urns. The nvmber of bauds no n Jacksonville, Oregon, on the 5th inst. employed in the mines is more than double of this time^ Atoehasarrivedtoputanend «*».attempt,at shipAtlantic,R,H.Pearson,master,arrivedatthis yearsofage,andanativeofArkansas.and S rlport to the CouncU o? Stat^ whenever the hb-. •*»gen-, only two men have been saved The National coSb ne moderation with firmness, as the Emperor de- mating the passage in 7 days and 15 hours. The pas-fur the murder of John V . Ford. This arises, doubtless, from the demand caused by the Captain Lunt, of the British ship Blonde], attempted new Washoe silver mines, and the fact of Cue suspen-€h»sad,forQahreftUm, putback. TheTitansailed from Wilmington, N. C, on the 12ch of October, forminesinconsequenceofthelawsuitnowbeingcarriedairespeaceandlibertyforreligion.ITALY.FXKKAKA, Feb. 17.—The Governor, Farini, arrived here to-day, and was enthusiastically received by the inhabitants. A general illumination has taken place,sengersandnewspaperexpresscroseedtheIsthmusandsion of the worbir-g of the N6W Almaden QuicksilverStar; arrived at Aspinwall at 8 a. m. 28th February,toralbllo, and the S. L. Fitzgerald for Aricia.Freights to Eogland. £ 3 5s. to £ 3 10*. per tun; to Let'era from Venice report that the state of op- in treasure, and arrived at New-York at 12 a. m. 11th Penitentiary, but a ciarelesa United States Commission- Unitea States $15 to $16. Exchange on United States,TURINt Feb. 18 —More Austrian soldiers and officers p. m. 3d March, with 337 passengers and $1,198,711 50 brought back. Captain Lunt ought to be sent to the have arrived in the St-.*tes of the Church.pression continued there, and that tne emigration ofVenetians was increasing. TIVBABVRE M«T PKR STEAMSHIP ATLANTICThe armamen Rin Piedmont are being accelerated. Ang. Belmont &. Co...$128,000 Geo. B Chun JJAPLXS, Feb. 14.—The Minister of Justice is dead. Wm. Meyer ,3,352 A. E. Tilson«6,0O0 17,80 12,00)probably the Itu-tol him.Peter Lundberg bas been convicted in Sacramento of the murder of Peter Riz.ARGENTINE CONFEDERA TION.The news from these 8tatea is of little interest. Thetreaty to enable him to impose those changes as law on Be has been replaced by S.gnor Eoseca. Signor Alpr-eus Hardy &Co... 4,9D1 Charles W. CrosbyDivorces have been granted in this city within the ganized; ihe majority of members returned belong to3,00:1 last ten days in the following cases: Margaret Mc- the moderate-liberal party. In regard to Paraguay, of tbe other Departments of Government during thaJ. B. Newton &. Co thn people of Fruuee. For the sake of regularity,, he Ajae*a is to he intrus*.ed wsth tne portfolio of the In- TnrnerBrfswo»ld conclude by moving that there bo hud betore terior. Thirty thoueand scudi have been sent to tbe J. B. Weir17,390 Harbeck &. Co2,000 J. Goldsmith & Co..... 8,003the liouse copies cJ m muoii of tae joarnal of the two Hens.es of Parliament xn 1757 as related to the pro- escttngn in Parliament witn regard to the treaty ofeemmerce and navigation with France.X*ord Granville defenled the Government in the of the French has been <jwcovered.aearse it had taken relative to the treaty. He himself Ikoa&bt that botocountries wouldfindequaladvant- age* ftom it, and hoped that it might induce France to abolish her remainiog restrictive duties.Jomei- Patrick ai CoKirbj, Byine &. CoJ. H. i: J. S. Bacon.... 1,970 W. Seligman fc Co R. MeaoW & O. Adams. H.0O0 HenryJ. Hallet...Boe&os AyreB paper: for general purposes may be reduced with safety to> "AS ioon an the news of the affair of tho Tacanrl reached Far-A repojt is current that a plot against the Emperor Trcadw ell k. Co 12,000 Sam. G. Reed St Co Ro»», Falconer k. Co... 11,608 N.'Nickensou14t& of December, CoL Don Venancio Lopez left tbe capital far standing liabilities (utiles* created by the present Leg- 2,421 We have dates from Portland to the 13th inst.; from the headquarters of the army and forta of HuawniUi, in iie char- islature) to absorb any portion of it. •, •. •SPAIN AND MOROCCO. Seth£Adani«. 5,000 Butcher At Bros John A McGraw 20,000 DoRhamAtCo4,250 rived at Portland. On the 10th inst., 120 pack mules This was the vessel which, as stated ia. my previous in January to the amount of at least $120,000 ; 3^3 53,270 and horses left the Dalles for the Similkameen.3,000 An orphan boy, aged 13years, and named Samuel letters, was fired at, or into, by a Britiah gunboat, in other outstanding accounts are known to exist charge-MADRID, Feb. 17.—It is stated that the garrison ef W. T. Cowman Ji Co.. 45,400 81. E. GrinLnW . T. Ct.lemwj Ai. Co.. 10,000 Holcombe At BroAfter a f*w words from Lord Grey. Dolceof Argyle,aad LoTd Bardwi ,k, Lord Derby withdrew his mouon. MtliVa has made a sortie, and that the Spanish loss in A S. Rosenbanm & Co. 7,100 Metropolitan Bank..... 48.5F654,000 Wells, Fsrgo At Co J. b. Ccghill *tCo...... 14,000 Wellfi, Fargo & Co155,000 56,500 11.00C'Richard Patrick25 cents a piece to a Chinaman.H. C o h n t Co 14,000 Freeman AtCoOrder... 1,275 Allan McJLajae..........DeWitt, Kittled. Co..." 4i ,000FiomOurOwn Correspondent.Th« Chancellor oi the Kxcheqaer. in the course of a promises of 1851 and 1852, and to grant an assembly of"krilliant speech, said that if they had erred on any Delegates; panied by much tangible evidence in the shape of pre- a^t. Catharine W. Green, Sidney S. Fo:d, jr. agt. Jose- PERO. ,ft*tbe Custom* Acta, with a -view to the reduction or repeal of the eral Diet, tbe Dnited Committee for the Atlairs of Hoi-"That th>« Hou«e cc««notthink nttogointoCommittee on dnCir* lelerieO to iu th*> treaty of eon.£Q«<ce Ootw^en her MajtfHty•ad the Ku.jwjnr of the Ifteaoh, until it shall hwve considered a«d*Me&ted to the ingagameiita in .hattreaty."st*in proposed:SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 20,1860. Tfee great topic of news is Washoe. The stories areagt. Djna Collins. Andrew R. Keller agt. Eimira Peru; bnt unfortunately Peruvian gold is likely to ef-* FRANKFORT,Feb.18.—Into-day'ssittingoftheFed-'. sap twin and 20 others wer e lost in a iiie-boat.Haj#siy will leave town on the 8th oi March for Oa- bimly at «xtren>e piicex. Uats have advanced. Beans, Peas, The excitement about the quicksilver mines in Napa Carillo is supported by Ospina, but the Conservative " that the perpetrators of thin cruel murder have not be«n deArt* appointed lor the ilret drawing-room in I860, the prices were demanded, bnt not obtained.with reference to the remarks in Parliament on theULth article of the commercial treaty between Franceand England, by which the contracting Powers en-for the protection of the frontier, and it may be for a foray upon Northern Mexico. When the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers open portions of the regiments inbreaking the rock tlm lies in bowlders on the surfics, and catch- do-politicians, wbo baa drawn their whole erudition from Kren*ning tbe mercury as it runs out. To eoiutj it appeiirn incredible from tie revolutionary camp, and were daily in ex- novels, or who wanted to realize tne wild uchemes of dreamy " from the facts stated or assumed, have the sanction,that such can be the case; but it can be uubstantiated. I have pectation of being attacked; but tneir orderB were to philosophers in a country inhabited mostly by bastard races th«t " of the Commissioners of the Canal Fund."some of the mercury that 1 caught from tho rock, also rook that avoid a buttle until the forces under General Obando have already arrived at the lowent «tage of corruption, have ahol- But all honor to the Auditor; his statement of the can be ieen to bo HcMy impregnated with the'molten silver.'.' ihbed ctijiitai puuishnif nt, and the fruit ot it is seen in the fearful•:KF"the reeetabiishment of tne previous censorship. rack »:The Pans correspondent ot Ttte London Morning Por Ivieht Company K, l»t Artillerythoioughly prospect the lead. The rock encawiug the cinnabar from Callao, in broad daylight; and yet these people 34 iu a sp^eies of decomposed felspar with micaltic formations in- Intendente has been restored to office, and tne ports of claim to be civilized, ana are quite indignant i£ theyJPo»t says M. l>e»*mbroi«j will leave Paris to-night, Feb. 18, for Turin. His excellency only accepted the office of Minister Plenipotentiary \%l the Court of the Ttuieries on the reqoest of bis Sovereign.A new journal came out on the l8th inst., which isto supply the plaae of the Uniters, called Le Monde. For Company L>, lot Artillery27ket with this much needed article The mercurial feature is not c< jp merce. Gen. Ilerran, m his official communicationthe only one worthy of note in this region A quartz vein has ' 9jf 'oV- Nietq, has declared hioiseif strongly iu favor Peruvian faith—but Uncle S<*m has his Lizzie Thomp-Tbe L/elhi Quzette has bee a informed that intelli- gence hu» been communicated to Government to the effect that the Nana was seen some little time ago on aie road' to Badnnatto, di*gniahed as a jogi, or relig- a»»s mendicant.Tne Times has reason to believe that Sir G. Clerk, at present Unde.-Seeretarv of State for Indii, will succeed Lord L.'phinttone as Governor of Bombay.FRANCE.For Company M, i»t ArtilleryFor tbe l*t Regiment of InfantryFor Coxnp&nie* A, C, D, F, G., and II., 8th Regiment of In-Total 408 II. Th« detacnjoieuta organized at Carlisle Barrack* will box n t to Fort Colnmbug, so a« to arrive there on tho 14th inst.AM the ri-c.j uith will be embarked on two sail transports iu the Harbor of New-York for tho mouth of "the MUsiHsippi iliver, where they will UXe ntftuu trauspoits to Jndiinol* and Bra/.os hbii Jago, lr-cu which places they will march tojoin their re-TinderBtood that our delegates to Chicago will be in favor of Seward.hare and hunt with tne bounds," and hold on until tbe question at issue between the States and the Centralpaign against Ecuador. His troops refused, it is said, to marcn to Quito, and he did not even leave a garrison behind him in Guayaquil. The latest news from Ecuador states that the rival factions of France aud Moreno are still in arms against each other, and therelith of April. The Minister further believes tnat the the recruits. - Article in the tariff relating to primary materials couldof the silversmith's shops, to many articles of plato and so advance 0? Id. ^ cental on theraU-s of Friday. Floor is h*>ld table ware.Alurgueiuo, an old mun of over 80 years of age, and5,000 ... .... «pJjl.fo, »11Pacific Convention, to be composed of delegates from that Territory and Oregon, to meet at Vancouver, on the 20th May.Divorces havebeen granted hythe Legislatureof Washington in the following cases: L. M. Collinsparing for the approaching struggle with Peru, it he confines himself to acting on the defen»ive; and can find the sinews of war wherewith to maintain his army, there is no doubt that Bolivia will again prove thesuperiorityofhersoldiersinthefieldoverthoseofKeller, Crowell H. Sylvester age. Harriet P. Sylvester, fect more than Peruvian arms, and it will be, doubt- Th*t the King of Denmark he requested to fulfill the coming in likethose, from Fraser lliver, but accom- L. O. Alerrillet agt. Lucinda Merriietf., Charles Green . less, the weapon which Castilla will employ.ymt itwaebytoorigidanadherencetotheprecedent Tlu.ttheRoyalrigbta,inreferencetogeneraland ciousmetal. TheWashoeMeltingWorksinthiscity pheneFord,Wm.Donnellyagt.BridgetDonnelly, . DateBfromCallaoandLimaaretoFebruaryIA it quireatleast\amill.*f Mr. Pitt. The real sin of the Government, iw he special affairs, be maintained; but, that no general are turning out thousands of dollars of the pure metal Jacob Hans agt, Caroline flans, W W . Davis agt. is my painful duty to inform you of the commiss-.on ofTo pay interest and originate sinking fund to pay floating debt authorized by the people at the last elec- tion, will rtquhe i mill.To.pay imiueii.i»e wants in the Canal Department for interest due and to come duo the first days of April, July t,nd October, -v?ill require £ of a mill.«»derstoo<t it, was, that they had combined the treaty aad the Budget.laws be promulgated without the consent of the Diet weekly, and the proprietors say that more ore has been Alice Davis, Thomaa Talientire agt. Agnus M. Ta'.len- another of those assassinations for which Lima has of Hoistein. offered to them than they can possibly melt. Every- tire, John Taylor agt. Jane Taj lor, Francia Lindner lately become so celebrated, the victim in this case be- The vote of the Federal Diet on these proposals will body thints Washoe; everybody dreams Washoe; agt.Ange.ine Lindner, Martin Schmig, agt. Elizabeth C. ing nc lets a person than the Commodore of one of H.Mr. Newdegate protested against the treaty as one-sided, repugnant to the precedent set by Mr. Prt, and take place on the 8th of March. aet «oae}»tent with the practice of the House.everybody talks Washoe; provisions for Washoe; Scbm'g, Amos B.. Pierce agt. Elizabeth C. Pierce, F. B. M. Bbips-ol-war stationed in Calbao—Capt. Lionelclothing for Washoe; mining tools for Washoe, every- thing for Washoe. Fortunes have already been made in bujmg &*>d celling stock or shares in the veins, and even in veins which have not yet produced anything,McNait.agt. his wife.Lambert of H. M 's steamer Vixen.As by fax the best and moBt reliable account of thematter which has been made public i8 in the Lima cor-KLOUK—bale« ofl.hviOqr. bWla.; 100 do. Brown'a Mill super- ano" which' tbe present claimants have never seen, and- fine at 4J6; 400 do Golden date do. $J>50; 20u do., Golden AgeHerald, and Star. I. Capt. Lionel Lambert, commander of H. B. M.'s. England and other Governments interested in the probably will never see. We expect now that not extra at $6 75 : 1,2<;0 do. Alvi/o at $6 50.war steamer 7l*en, left in perfect health his hotel at 3o'clo< k on the afternoon of tbe 9;h to take a bath in theRiver Riniac. His friends were expecting h<m to din-ner, but he never returned; he must have been mur-dered between 3£ and 5 o'clock. The body had beenwa&htc c'own from the spot were the deed was doneat least half a milo more. He was not in uuiforaa; allhis cloibeB were, on except his coat; on his person acloeed dispatch, addressed to Capt. Miller, was foand.His rings and watca were BtoleD, of counje—tbe mis-question have requested Hanover to state the amount le8R than 20,00U persons will migrate to Washoe in tne Constitution. The Government, he aaid, intended to she claims for the redemption of the dueB, in order to. Spring. Many have already gone, although the Win-WHBAT-Sales reported of 2,457 sacks, of which 175 do. were sold at $1 «0; 3U0 do. 'ordinary Cioaat at $ 1 66; 270 do. at $1 85; 1,300 do. at $2; 193 do. at $1 70; 219 do. at *1 UIH* 100 lb.BAULKY—We roport 2,242 sackB, all at $2 25 ^ 100 tt. OAT8—Sales of 59 sucks at $ 2 30.POTATOES—No sales reported; but there is probably no cbangoto uotice in regard to prices.SUGAK—500 bols.fc>.K. refined, circle A, crushed, 125c, shorttirue ; 600 bxs. do. do. powderod, 14c; 75 hf-bbls. Eastern pow- dered, 13>3c. ; 150 bbla. N. Y. crnobed, pt; ; 120 bales No. 1 China, at 7Jc.BACON—26 cs. Oregon hams and shoulders pt., BKASD*—Sales of 15 hf-pipes New York mixed, pt. NUTB—200 bales pea, on private terms. •SOUTH AMEEICA. — »PANAMA, March 3,1860. for the responsible office which he held, but not too By the West India Mail steamer, which arrived at young to inspire confidenceijand esteem of all whothing was quiet. Congress was to meet on the 1st of had formed in Lima. The remains were interred on the opinion of the Con»r^ller new works," however Democrat, February, and many of the Senators and RepreBenta^ tbe 11th in the English burial groundat Ba lavista; tho valuable'tbey mty be. cannot with propriety be com-tives had arrived in town. President Ospina had funeral was attended by the foreign diplomatic body, menced. The demands of revenue are inexorable.a Ian-average tcale. In the open market the rate con- tersburg, for the assembling of a Conference of the " Speak bag of Washoe, I hud a long talk with Lovejoy, ' Old again resorted to forced enlistments, and the barracks tbe officers of the various men-of-war, aud of tbe other The third inquiry is: For such other information aft*tinues at a fraction under 4 per cent. In the Stock Kx- five great Poweis, ha* been forwarded to Paris, and Mountaineer Lov«-j«>y,' yesterday. He reached here from were filled with the poor fellows who were so unfor- vessels lying in the harbor, by all the leading English to the condition of our revenues as may be deemed im-that Prussia has joined in the proposal."• .portant to communicate.In answer the Controller states that the revenue oCCOMMERCIALINTELLIGENCE.ba»to Loadon, came in collusion with the uchooner LIVKRPOOL COTTON MARKET, 20th and 21st.—Only by which they hope torealize fortunes the coming. year, aud ho dering citizens and Btealing their property. In theDOVER,Sunday.—ThesteamerOndme,fromDubBeroine off Beachy Head about 3 o'clock on Sunday daj s, »no the sates reach 18,000 b*les—3,000 on speculation andits final retting place.The Peruvian authorities at first attempted to makecottbathecommittedsuicide;th*ythantriedtoprovethat he was intoxicatec; and when both these pleas The canal revenues have heretofore been the great» moderate ba»ineiB has be«n transacted in Cotton the last two avon.u>g.Intwentyminutesnotracesofherwe*-e forexport.PTIC«»unaltered.is one of the number; still, Ue affirms that there in not a man in the Territory outside of the owners of the claims aforementioned whoknowsthemineralfromwhichtheyexpectBOmuchwill,S ate of Cauca a party headed by a noted bandit namedOther sources yield only about Total209,000 $1,775,00Carillohadposdcs&edthemselvesofthearmsbelong- left. 2i passengers and crew were saved in the joily- LONDON CORN MARKET, Feb. 20.—The market was when rightly assayed, yield gold and silver, or only copper and ing to the General Government, and attacked the Citybeat; vboat 30 went down in the steamer, ana the firm at the late advance.lead"" Washoe silver" is to be seen affixed, inthewindows of Cartago, killing many citizens, and among them Gen.failed, th»y admitted that he was murdered, and so,tnbject of interest, and require the most consideration. We naturally look to tha last annual report of the Commissioners of the Canal Fund for information, aao these revenues. But toey are silent. Usage seeseaTotal••LIVERPOOL CORN AND BREADSTUFFS MARKET, Feb. The Court Journal says it ia expected that her 21.—At to-day's market, Wheat ha* couiiuaude.d a better sale, atThisreeulW -which attained, will enab e <?«>ueral Fund of. • With* tax foe iho Schr.ol •With a tax for the $T,f£0 The tax for the Intere»i o.made coatingeiit ou ti T otal..........<With a certain proa for State purposes Lei mills, and thereaftei Funds being restore «' mytbe/' but becc-H«nake deficiency \ax->* <anal re venues. wouR and bo»et of tho StatiThe issue is sinrp'v race pas9inc tbrou-h tolled jsulliciently to according to the or:^i interest be paid by :a in other word?, shrill reclaim the tolls give^ <lent that, with tlie e; will continue to dh:: increase.With our canals tiu possible iorpurpo*e8 tolls restoreu to the raent of tolls en ti workings of the oi'i tions are realized, p mood for new approAn onfortunate p tinus, v r a s inau;_;ar proved its errrr.The 6imple re.rn<»d; \rhat bas been doae dom from the past. iJl may yet be welLAHwhich i*[Tbe subjoined letter •inst-, but its publication nxorniEg-JTo tht lion. HoKACa O MrDKAXtSiu: Wthat." .A correspondendent of Tlie Marysvilles-erne, and will return to town a day or two bofore the and Bax.ny, firzx. Indian Corn is firm at late prices; higher and Sonoma Counties is increasing. Numerous speci- party deny it. Gen. Mosquera had about 3,000 men tected, nor will the authorities .t±ke much trouble in finding to have superceded tne statute; and we now have nothem out, and if by any casualty tho mnrdorera should be ar annual report as such from the Commissioners of tho LOAUON PRODUCE AND PROVISIONS MARKET, Feb. mens of the cinnabar have been' sent to this city, aud untfer arme, and was about to march against Carillo's rented, they aie quite sure of escaping punlishcaeni in a saor«*hotMarch. 21—Sugar,firm;Tea,inactive;Coffee,steady;Rice,unaltered. theyarerich.AcorrespondentofTheNatiotifr.lforce,which,itissaid,"doesnotexceed500men.Oftime.TbePeruvianGovernmentcanneitherprotectthestreet<CanalFund,astothemanagement,superintendence, Tie Times says the deputations from the variomj Saltpeter, flat. TrKPR.VTijfie, 37/6. Scotch Pig IKON, 59/fi. says: course, the uoual amount of bombastic proclacmttions nor give common security to life and property—it is perfectly improvement and state of the fund. The late Con-TAJLIOW, qniet at SS/'G'ffieO/.TROOPS FOR •TEXAS.unwilling to take any step* to prevent 'thorn. A nighway robbe or a'murderer known penectly well that a abort imprison men. with officials who will connive at his escape will be the extenttroller ip. hm report.does net give much information orx he subject of canil revenues, except in the cheerless tat^ment summed up on tbe eighteenth page, that the Canal. Debt- " Sinking Fond is hopelessly destitute ofLieut.-G«n. Scott has addressed an order to Asst.- south of the Gejsor Springs, auid extending in tho same direc- tion to Ruefiian river, a dh-tauce of over twenty-five miles. Cin-short work of Carillo.By way of Buenaventura we have later accounts, of his punishment, and he is'qulte sure that soon some high-" revenues, present and prospective.1''The Auditor's Report is sent to the Legislature by thogage "not to prohibit the exportation of coai, and to**Jevyi no duty upon such exportation," I hear, on Minnesota and Kansas will proceed to Texas by the We havejust received a certilicate of the ausay of some of the joined them from Popayan. Pasto is said to have de- audacity with which the worst Crimea are perpetrated in open condition of tbe canal revenues and remarks thereongood authority, that the French Government will agreeWestern route, swelling the United States troops incinnaba:, which yields 33^per cent of quickbilver, and thooe clared in favor of the Kevolutionitts, and tUe Conser- daylight. It behoves the press of these countries, or at least tha; are very full. We learn from the Auditor's report that specimens analyzed were liom tho outcropping of the lead, vative party of Popayan support them. It is highly portion of it not inlluenccd by the demoralised spirit which cha- the settled policy of tho State, siuce 1851, has tended to- mixed with felspar &nd othor earthly substances, and therefore raoertst-s th«:B« governments, to lift upit. voice against the ruleracannot be called a fair test of the liuhness of tho mine. probable that the revolution will spread throughout of thcie couotries, and that they are heaping up for their posterity diminish the revenues of tho Canals, dry up the Sink-to make such mooiheationa in that article aa may facili- that State to about 1,000 men. The troops on Gover-tate ihe success of the ineaeure.iumors are afloat of an address, attributed to King nor's Island will be dispatched on the 17th of this ".Tho ctnnabaxis found in loose bowlders on the surface, and the States, and Oapina, unless he takes great care, will nothing but the well-merited hatred and scorn of the civilized ing Funds, and throw the whole burden of replenishing"Victor Emanuel himself, calling Naples and Sicily to iasurrection.I hear that, in consequence of the numerous aver-lisstmwUs, and the suppression—the latter beiog, inJaet, confiscation—of property, the proprietors of ioor-month.also in vein* extending into the mountain, and the dip of .thosesmall leadti, as woll as the geological foimation of the country.indicate an extensive deposit HOinewnoro. The country is allclaimed that is supposed to be valuable, and several companiesare makinjr preparations for proHocuting'the work. At'Pine Flat, 22. The revolution heaoed by Nieto having baea suc- ister Plenipotentiary' was assassinated in his house; the Robinson Company, numbering sixty-three men, have al- cessful, it has been acknow edged by Gen. Her/an onready commenced, wbile near the Geysers, the FemiMylvania, the part of the General Government. The national and I was in Lima when the British Admiral, Bruce,HHAD-<IT'ARTKTU<NXW-VOUK, March S, lUdO.> >It is not three years since Mr. Sullivan, the Brirish Charge" d'Affaus was shot as he Bat at his dinner-table. It is not quite twelve months since the Chilian Min-8P*C«Ai OKDKXB—NO. 23..' I. The following detachments of recruits will bo made upand put in route lor the troops gerring in the Department of Texaa.1OF T1IKA R M Y ,nali seriously contemplate petitioning Government for Rj the Superintendent of the Mounted Service at Carliale Bar- Empire and Healdsburg coinpaniflK are getting ready to arsenal has been given up by trie State authorities, the was attacked and robbed on the highway, not a mi:eFor Li^ht Company M, 2d Artillery For the 2d Reciment of Cavalryterspersed. Tbe outer rock is easily quurriod, and If it shall (Jartbagena and Sibaniila'are again opened to foreign25 prove as extensive as appearances denote it wiil supply the mar- are called barbarians or savages. Funic faith—ratherBy the Superintendent of the General Sertioo, Ea*tern Depart- ment, at Fort Coluoobuo.Le^n struck on the Empire claim aud some specimens takeu ox uhe ftcerai system, declaring it impossible again to son and Gcorgiana question yet to settle, aud it is de- therefrom which yielded at the rate of $3,000 to the tun. The return to the system of centralization. Herran is in a voutly to be hoped that Flag-Ofiicer Montgomery, if quartz is of a bluish color, almost bordering on vlate, aud of very peculiar position between the two parties; he wants to ordered down to arrange tne matter, will staud noFor Company F, 1st Artillexy1850 tine quality, such as suits tho oye of tho miner," nonsense, and not allow himself to be imposed upenAll wools and cottons in wool, imported- from coun- their special instructions: Capt. Ifcnix A. Palmer, 2d Calvary; A Sheldon, San Francisso; J. T. McLane, Yuba; W. a month to Gantral America, instead of one, aud it isCa.pt. Charles J. Wblling, do.; Capt. Northam G. Kvan«, du.-,j , tries cnt of Europe, are exempt; if coming from] other 2d Lieut. A. Farker Forter, do ; istLient. Samuel F. Olaflin, 1st P.Tiden, Butte;part*, and in French vessels, to be subject to a duty of ArtiDery; Capt. Joseph B. Flummer. 1st Infantry; Capt. Seth El Dorado/ 31. per 100 kilogramme*; if imported in foreign vessels, M. Barton, do. do.: Jnt Lieut. WiUiam Craig, 8th Infantry.V. Oiiker* to xepott at tort Columbu4 by tUe 13'h inot , if possible,to pay a doty of 5t. per 100 kilogramme**. Tne premi- « c e o t Capt. Palmer and Lieut. Forter, who will report at Cor-nma jpaid on exponati.on wul be s«ppreesea for li»le*Sarracks on the 12th Inst., to conduct tho mounted troops his home. His family had gone before. He will can- route ia progressing. A change is also going to be Business was again inactive at Callao,. and guano ibreadeof cotton and wool, within two months; fortis- to Fort Columbus. All of the above officers will be assigned fo vass the State dnriug the coming campaign, and he made in the West ludia mail bere, which will give freights were dull. Freights to the United States $15.«oe& of wool and cotton, within three months. Tne re- the seve'al detachments of Major Holmes.IV. 1 he Assistant Quartermaster-General on duty in this cityport of the Minister also propose* modifications of the will charter the sail traxspons, and the Asuittant Quartermaster .-. „ .tariff for dyes and chemical products. in New-Orleans will charter the steam transports The formerhopes to see a Republican majority at the Presidential three Bteainere a montb touching at Aapinwall. election in November. It was expected that orders would have come out onThe Grand Duke ot Tuscany, Ferdinand JV .. having will notify the latter of his arrangements, and of the day of sail- dent of San Francisco for the last two years, was ar- ceed to Peru to enforce Mr. Clay's demands, but I un-inspect the recruits and sail transports.VI. The Commander of the Department ef Texas will givethe capital of Oregon, where he wiil hereafter makefar as Valparaiso, so you see that Panama aa a transitnot aware.Exchange on New-Yorlr*18 per cent premium. Amer-Asa Clark,rumored thaj; an independent line of coast steamers iashot dead by Gregoire Kramer, in that county, about ant; and Chili, if she steer •lear of internal feuds, can- one mile and a half above Knight's Landing Ferry. not fail to go ahead much in advance of the other Span-••* *• "•"•••••••*TM""^^" ,"•• r* ,•* .,.•;• •/ ....- i i,t . .-„-tne payment of tolls to ta transported upon them.This act made nece&arj was 10 diminish, from ••>- canaJs, not with a view v etituticiaal policy reqnirr c ceetKulcompetitionwith petition both canals and rAuditorshows.Since 1851,trader the m<¥ tbe canals, including n r t t*re»t on current'r^v^n $3,722,163 in 1851 to $1,8 say*, they have fallen oH the tannage of tfce canal3 3,5$5,733 tuns in 1851. a » TWsfaSlicg off in the n to taxation, has been-us;-' ntilitj'of. the canals. * *I t proves notbintf agatm-- against the erroneous^.;:lnrogs^to'^eTM- D?J~1 etric^d^ompetjuon within other S*s*os, a*d w h Ucumbered with fhe vw: 9 nave transported more txThey quarreled about a piece of land.A. man named George Ward was killed at. Twitch-bh-American Republics.Business during the fortnight had improved. Amer-ican narrow Grey Domestics are quoted as scarce and The North American Steamship Company's steam- the 6th inst., by a log falling upon him. He was 32 wanted. There are no sales of Carolina rice reported.ell's Redwoods, near San Juan, Monterey County, onToomas Crawford and William Croiseinwere hanged inStockononthoI7thinst.,under sentence of law;,Lumber is in demand. Prices Eastern $40 to $50 per• • v> STATJBorN*wYowe,COXTKOU,**'*Ones,) AIDAKT, March9.)i«i|. iTo the Speaker of the Attembly.Sut: 1 herewith transmit to tbe Assembly a eoimnu- nicatton in answer to the resolution of tbe Aseemhly of the5thinst.I am, veryretpodfolly, your obodiont sorrnL ROBEkT DENNXSTON, C<mt«>T>,. BTATK or NKW-7ORX, rn AmtMm,i, >ALBAJST, MarehS, l?6e. ) Jtetoleed, Tbat the Controller be requeued to state to Utla.to run away with his ship from this harbor on the 12thinst.whileshewasboundbyalibelfromthe Unitedsailed for San F>ancisco the same day. The North States District Court. A United States Deputy Mar- on in tbe name of the U. S. Government. It is hard Star arrived at 10:30 p. m, 28th February. shal went aboard of her at night to serve the papers, that California should be obliged to import an articleThe Pacific Mail Steamship Company's steamer but the captain refused to listen to them and ordered a she produces in such abundance. •'steaming, which-he had employed to take, him out to The arrivals of American ships during the fortnightMarch, making the passage in 7 days and 15 hours. er ailo-wed him to go out on $1,000 bail, and that is 9 per cent premium.in the State put together. The Auditor &how3 ?bAnd in 18S9 WMTot«l in two jf»x*The tannage of all theAnd ia 1H59....Total {«the two yearaBut it is evident thnt :•- tonnage is counted r*.vo radroadg makes its retrur in passing fiom one X'-JC. ported.Another fact to prove \ the Auditor shows an foil Tbe torsi tunnage "a Ohio Railroad, the Peers N e w - Y o r k a n d E r i e R * i l l Railroads, tbe Ggden*-b^rjrence c*oal, 1858, exoc«*-a t h e Sew-Y ork canalH ca.\ 15,000 tans. In the Ifcrd mente of enthusiastic cekeep up with what they ,whodepreciatethecan*• should he received wi*."iThe people of the St .goodVeaaonj groaned <> tureson the canals. Th and the ereat revenues mayyet»efullyattaiteject, great vigilance mru ment and in husbanding The same spirit which I •est expenditures will n and the highest taxationWill toUin-r the rail 'tolls burden the interr-*] The Auditor shown tforeign trade, both exix to the total tunca^e of New-York Central Rail our canals*The total value, of tbjs round numbers, over ~ The total -ralne of the nil „ ye«r, i» estimated at (wr.i<A tribute of one &n<; Will yield to the canal rTbe total value of : and exports, for 1859, v tribute through the C average of 7^ per <*e from the imports, tee Jer*cent., yet commeioea. Surely, the bq cent on our domestic t by any interest., and on from auy quarter.In a just view of oar be no antagonism bev necessary, and eqnall; tion. liut the people preservation against t canals and railrca' quicken tfcem to a vi rolRestore the railroad adjust the tolls on the i will receive fromr tolls, ...y Wimta for superintender. se Wsnta for SlnaiBR KTUI.5, Wsjatafor^inkicgFund,T"Wan** for Interest and fe « debt nnder the third s< "vVanU lor Interest and riinideit...; -.-••ment of a British subject. . BOLIVIA.The few items of newB we have from this Republic The Legislature of Washington called a Northern come through Peru. President Linares is busily pre-SAN £HANCIHCO, Friday, Feb. 17—i p. m. The trade of the day consists of the following lots:respondence of "Jhe Panama male no apology for extracting:$1,575,000 710,000 1,060,600 710,000355,000 1,060,000about hunting op the perpetrators of tbe crime.one of the companions of Bolivar, it is said that this " I need not add," writes the correspondent before quoted," Th«"8e mines are situated on the same rauRO and lead that unsafe now to walk out of the center of this city without oarryinwas luppoxod to contain tbe plain in vast quantities; but which and addresses have been issued, and if the Caucanos arxos. The Government is perfectly aware of t&e daily robboriocontains hardly enough to pay for quanylng. This lead com- fight as well as their leaders write, they will make und aaaansiuntioua which take place, but are either Incapable omences at the upper end ot hapa Valley, near Judge Euvey'a. and extendi* la a direction a little north of north-west, passing ou tbe south side of Mount St. Hcleus, through Fine Flat, and justi toradee connect*a with tbe bonded system throughout afe* United Kingdom had interviews with the Chan- aeilor of the Hxchequer on Saturday, and while agree-i n g with the main jt'eaturee of the budget, poiotea out the opjmtBaivv and, in some cases, tne prohibitory effect oi the new charges proposed to be jaid upon gooes in bond. iir. Gi^distojue expressed hia readinessto receive all suggestions, and to introduce such modi- which it appears that all the disposable- troops of the found in its greatest richness and abundance from Fine Flat to a date Carillo was at Bu^a with a force of 1,200 men, themselves the gratitude and useful friendship of the banditti claims it as his report, aud expressly says, "that it ia • jaeatiens arfmay be proved to be necessary. thort distance w e*t of the GeysCTB, a distance of some six or and Moequera's forces amounted to onlv l,5u0. They afterward. " not to bo understood tbat any suggestions made by The Paris corre<ponder t to Tftc London Times gays, United States army are to be concentrated in Texas, seven miles At Fine Flat mei cury bas been obtained by simply were stationed at a place called Sjnso, two leagues " It is well known that the mockphilantrophiets of tkese pseu- " him, or any of the deductions or conclusions drawn;tstanding protectors will use their influence in his favor, procurQuartermaster-General Tompkins, at this point, from nabar huH been found at difi°o;ent points on this range, but i<t or raiher rumors, ffoni tne seat of war. •At the litest ins for him a less severe impritonment in order to secure fo • Commissioners of the Canal Fund; but the Auditorhave to leave the Presidential chair before his term of office expires.wcrld."them on taxation, under the 5th section of tbe 7th arti- cle of the C01 stitution.In otter words, the old canal policy of requiring and! expecting the canals to maintain themselves and pay their debt and interest, has been abandoned, and a new policy has been inaugurated of collecting the most of that debt,and interest by direct taxation from 1he peo- ple. In opposition to* this policy, the Controller de- sire 3 to bring to the consideration of the Assembly tho constitutional policy of requiriog the vast tonnage pass- ing from the jireat lakes 10 the Atlantic Ocean through, our State, to contribute to our canal revenues tolls suf- ficient tfo restore those revenues to their former increas- ing amounts.lTt is not the design of tbe Controller to go into %disquisition on the great wisdom of the 7th article of tho Constitution j but only to say that it contains a valuable system of finance, which if fairly administered, would, have worked out its intended results.Has it been fatrly administered?In 1846, when the Convention which framed tho Constitution was engaged in that'work, the tonnage passing along the line of the canah, and from the great lakes to the Hudson River, paid tribute to tha Canal .Fund.From ttie State of Bolivar we bave dates to Februa ry44 The Republicans have been holding their primary be President next term, bat he cannot see how things by soft words. Caatella, with his fleet and army,, is &y .'....ISO elections for delegates to the State Convention. It is are going to turn out, so that he lias to " run with tae thie time back again ia Lima after his inglorious cam-hi. • The Moniteur of Sunday, Feb. 19, publishes a Minis- Indianola, and thence march to San Antonio, where tho com- El Dorado; R. Kirkpatrick, M. i>., So'iano; R. B. A new line of steamers, started by the Pacific Steam Peru.And that is in the o The increase during a series of years had become a i£ be cousiceredbeUrrvianders of those regiments will assign them to companies ; and Navigation Company (British), cornea into operation •&eitul report, kddreseed to the Emperor by M. Koaher, tbotfs for the companies of the 1st and 2d Artillery (171) will take . Cole, M. D., San Francisco; B. H. Piereon, M. D.,matter of record, and from the increase and variations oi the past,, sale calculations could be made of tho increase in the amount of those revenues in the future-That increase was carefully calculated by the Con- vention, and made the basis of the financial policy contained mi the 7,th article.Vide the followiug table I, submitted to the Con- vention m 1846, sbowmg tho ability of the canals to provide for the S'nkuitf Funda:IWe are obliged to oinit the table.]line table 1 shows what was expected by the Con-<vention, and experience afterward demonstrated that the revenues of the cauals, properly aired for, would have worked out the objejfc of the Convention. But the procets of reducing the tolls and diminishing tho revenuen of the canals was commenced before the first ten years had passed, and the result of that process ia exhibited in the following jtable, No. 2, prepared by the Auditor of the Canal Department.[The table is necessarily omitted.]Tho Controller bel^YeB that the revenues of theCanals, as they existed in 1846, were set apart by thoaudi wiil add ac toV than either you or ; down to the convict history is, tliat a s^b was the Christian S; ism of Jewish life e what we term the have tat<>n root uod opinion seemed adv But before we take in hand, let ua go aYou tell us that ' that the married i <lcath.M And, s*s condition is ever vi law), then it i?r.vi «substitute, "iou{* I inmst that w «titute ehould cle iind conditions, HI name There ma but nothing is ma live together tiU have devised BO marriage give the not appropriate o -oil" our premisesThe Vanrferbilt steamer Champion, -with the mails Government takes some more definite complexion.from New-YoTk to the 2Ut,h January, arrived here ou the l.r>lh iKst., five days after the arrival of the Golden Age.. THE IS CHMUS.The Cruces gold 'washings appear to have given out,at lea«t we hear nothing oi them here. That gold ex- is no proepect of order being speedily restored in that The State Medical Convention held its fifth annual ists in almost all the rivers of the Isthmus is a well unfortuua.e republic.established fact, but tho climate is against any whiteTbe recruits of th« 2d Cavalry, 1st and 8th Regiments of In- the following officers: President—I. Roswell, M. D., man's undertaking the necessary hard labor to extract on tho Irinh emigration scheme by which 27,000 of taeBospiot week.before last in Sacramento, and electedfantry (387), will embark in o»e transport, and take, the route to San Francitco. Vice-Presidents—I. S. Titus, M. D., it, and the native population are too lazy to attempt it. sons and daughtera of Erin were to be transported to»pecti\e r«-;;hu«ti t. and companies.Tbo British Government have put rather a damperA Government order reducing the value of Bolivian £ifr.*m the relorxn of the tarifl' for primary materials. the other transport and proceed to Brazos San Jago, to join their Sacramento; I. E. Oatman, M. D., Sacramento. Cor- next week. It is proposed to run a steamer once a half-dollars to three reals bau been suddenly put in£,,..,,,. MThe ySjj^Mi^T expresses his opinion that the epoch for companions on and sear the Rio Grande. The transport* will responding Secretary—E. Cooper, M. D., San Fran- month from here to Buenaventura, Tuaaauo, Edmer- force in Lima, without previous notice, and manyfr,.Z3be exemption of wools and couonsmay be fixed for the sail tiom r^ew-xork bet»«*-n the 15th and 20th inst.A very limited number of laundresses only will be sent withcisco. Recording Secretaries—G. Taylor, M. D., Sic- aldas, and Guayaquil, which will open, up a tradealong over six hundred mileB of coast, that is now al- merchants are thereby considerable loosers. Ex-ramento; G. L. Simmons. M. D., Sacramento. Treas- President Booles of Ecuador, was at Parta. Ex- III. The following officers are assigned to duty with the re- urer—H. W. IIarkoe*H, M. D., Sacramotito. Censors most entirely cut oft' from the world. The Panama Preeident Belzer of Bolivia left here for Peru, in tie . . -fro expressed ae follows: eruits, and will join th*ir respective companies after executing —O Harvey; El Dorado; R. B. Ellis, Sacramento; B, Railroad Company are also going to run two ateamera steamer of the 29th. Ex-President Fiores of Ecuador11.Gibbons, Alameda;Col. E. D. Baker sailed on the 17th mat. for Salem, American line from here to tho South Pacific coast as "Where the innumerable other Ex-Presidents are, I amConstitution to pay t h e d e b t o l the Canals, and that, PARIS, Feb. 20.~Tne M&niteur of to-day publishes such further instruction* as may oe necessary to carry ont tho tempted to ruin the reputation of the works. Common here the other day on his way to Peru; , Sin: The Times of thin morning appoars to be good faith to tae public creditors forbade their diver-tst& t o grant constitutional reforms.• cireolar addreseed by M. Kouland, the Minister forPublic Instruction, to the archbishops and biahops of V. Fiance, enumerating the customs, l»w«. and principle* which, since a distant period, have eetabliuhed in France £ the incoi4e«table authority of the Church over religion i? *Iprovisions of this order. •1. THOMAS, Aast. Adjutant-Genoral. cause a great lows of the precious metal. But tho acid the 28th for Realejo, and will probably return with Mr. position he never rightfully held, as his appointment could only be made with a view to revenue mainly.CoL D. D. TOIWKIXB. Assistant Quarterjauviter-Geaeral U. ;>. A., is always examined by the mint officer* before it is W yke, her Majesty's newly appointed Minister to ho. S Mate straet, New-York City.used, and thus any impurity harms only the makers of Mexico. It is thought that he will visit either Englan 1was both illegal and void. The sixth section of theWhen the policy of the Constitution was set in mo-1 i°4Vn 1 8 '1 7 >t u o language of tbe Legislature w « , that act declares that the force shall consist of a Superin- 4ligionM but only to temporal questions. If tne clergy to allow i»im to do so, but they made strong objections, hiding place, ran to arrost the ofi'enier, and, after turn- CHILL rooucr those objects are attained the sooner theirthe acid. SaH had been thrown into many carboysor Washington previous to going to Mexico. Mr. tendent, two Deputy Superintendents, ccc. The sev- The Constitution has made it the interest of all tho of late, and, a policeman being set to watch, he saw a Wyke has had long experience of the Spanish American en!h section prohibits tne appointment of any per*»n people of the State to cherish thie policy. The eanals reminds the biahops that the diAagreement be young Chriatian has lately become a Jew. For a long man go in the evening to tho carbags, open several, character, and will probably make a moat efficient on the force not having resided five years preceding are placed under constitutional bonds to pay all ouraocifcty, in independence of the State, which is the reg- ulator of civil and political society. The MinisterA CHRISTIAN TURXJCD JEW.—In Russian Poland ashould slipoil", and try and regain his long lout Presi- abortly t© be catabliatied. There is ta»k also of an dential chair. Bx-President Echinique is at La Puz,ican gold 15 per cent premium. Engl.sh gold 20 per Dr. R. P . Chaee, formerly of St. Louis, but a resi- the North Star for Fiag-Officer Montgomery to pro- cent premium.ing of the vessels.bixt} days' subsistence for tho reeruits will bo put on boardthe transports.V. Colonol Joseph K. T. Mansfield, Inspector-Geseral, willsalt imparts chlorine to nitric acid, and the compound In port, ships Lancaster, Saranac, and Cyane; Brit- sorely afllicted in regard to the resignation of Superin- sion. That although an alteration in the rates of toll Bvcoimuaad of Brevet Lieut.-General SCOTT. dissolves gold, and, if it were used iu tho mint, would ish ships Calypso,and Pylades. The Alert sailed on tendent Pilsbury from the Metropolitan Police force—a may not have been prohibited, yet that such alteration,deratand that they have not been received.Her Majesty's ship Py lades arrived here on the 26th,with §1J8G0,000 in specie, from the Coast of Mexico.•ttt of their ui;\v tween the Emperor and the Pope does not reter to re time, her baa been endeavoring to prevail on the Rabbis and throw something in. He then sprang from his Minifcter. his appointment within the Metropolitan Police Dis- debts and relieve the people from taxation, and tho W. are youri.]Jtashope will l'uifiii their mission of order, peace and ring the corner, came upon Dr. Chase, whom he suo- The British ateamer Bolivia, Capt. Wyld, from Val- trict. JSow, it is a well known and very easily sub- ample revenues will be unlocked for the use of tho poeed to be the man. The ease was tried on the 16th, paraiso and South Pacific porta, arrived at Panama on stantiated fact that Mr. Pilabury did not remove from whole people."owe veneration to the Pope, tney owe reepect and fidel-ity to the Emperor. He ha* the firm hope that the as the Tah'iud prohibits proselyting.Mr. Le«eep« and the Doke of Albonfera were yester ATORS.—It is a significant and gratifying fact that every had previously been very good. Dates from yalparaiao are to January 31. The quired by the act, until September, 1860, and, if ho transportation, from the Great Wfst to the Atluutic Aa.j received in a private audience by the Emperor town in the Conntiee of St. Lawrence and Cayuga has The Legislature has passed an act to transfer the country was quiet, except on the southern frontier had not resigned, measures would have been taken to Ocean, must pay a revonue sufficient to provide for thowno,gave them the poeitive assurance that M. Thou elected a Republican Supervisor! St. Lawrence has jurisdiction, in CDSOB of duels, from the Courts of Ses- where the Ar&aco Indiana atill continued troublesome! have tested the legality of his appointment, of which principal aud intertst of the canal debt.Tbw ia plain. tract which, un nated, then (you under what is b what should go similar term, s •unc?er the pretM.-nI do not think tion yon were h in the Union, r o divorce law. I marriage is a coand tbe Jury disagreed; there being five for conviction, the 2lat of February, Sho brought 37 paaBemrers. and Albany into the District until September, 1855; conse- It should be considered tho true policy of the State, -V. conciliation. THK HOMES or HUE. Two UNITED STATES SEN- and seven for acquittal. The reputation of Dr. Chase $405,010 61 m specie, for England. quently, he will not have resided five years, as re- that the va&t tunuage passing through our avenues ofm Vvenei has already received instructions to seize the first the advantSKO, hewever, m haviag twenty-nine towns, sions to District Courts. This wae done solely to ac- About 2,000 troopa wt re operating againatthem, appar- fact I am led to believe he knew.The obligations of tho Constitution, and good faith to the people; require this; and nothing less than this will be satisiactory.opportunity of entering into negotiations with the while Cayuga has but twenty-eeven. The principles commodate the case of Terry, who did not wiih to be ently with but alight auci-eaa, as the entire force hadHarlem, March i>,1U60.—Two hundred thousand pairs of brogans are beingJfiLgiish £*Wnet with the object of removing the last of Senators Seward and J&n% are the principles of the e» *bfctacJes wiiich oppose the realization of the Suez- People. (Albany Evening Joijrnnl.t>d** The stagnation m financial and commercial affairs, soA Mr. Wright, a nat:ve of Massachusetts, and lately a proaiixmt ciiizan of Mendocino County, was killed aChili is devoting herself to the education of hor people nearly naif a million ol'dollara, or one-aixteenth of tbe national expenditure, is thi* year appropriated fororder from Louie Napoleon, for the French army. Tho prison labor ot New-England is even cheaper than the pauper labor of France.carried out in a spirit of moderation.The policy of which the Controller complains wastried in our court of Sessions, wherein the Judges are been withdrawn from tbe Indian territory to the fron- Vigilance men. The District Courts have always had tier, and on one occasion tie Bavages succeeded in driv-innsdiction in murder cases, and the.duel cases should TheFariecorlMpondMrt °f The London Times says; the removal of the seat of Government of Louisiana to be tried in the pame tribunals.Canal scheme. —The City of New-Orle#w» i« endeavoring » obtainCombination* may for a time prevent it, but if wiso counsels prevail with all concerned, this polioy should army; they were, however, ijubsequently' recovered. manufactured at the Rhode Islttnd State Prison, uuder bt acquiesced in now, when it may be adopted andfftuiMvlbjnotice^ /or some month* past, still preyaiiedthat eity, and offer* to furnish the #&t0 accoxBoaoda- ik>m frte of expense.ing ofi" some of the horses a i d e Utile belonging to theUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069BRwww.fultonhistory.com•BBSFacts to be Consideredfrytbe Legis* laIn re.Lastquotations$6perquintal(100lb.)Wellassorted ECONOMYOS OPPRESSIVETAXATIONer, New-York; bark Maria, Baltimore; schooner Grey Government during the next fiscal year; whether tbe conditionnejt fiscal y^ar'f13,309 Am. Eschaogo Bank... 80,00' Mullen agt. Andrew McMullen; Mary Etheridge agt. the Mcrairio quotes the following paragraph from a His preoeceeeor in office has estimated that the tax71,0w) Jennings & BrewBter... 8,400 Orderyjjiitr• • • « • • • • « • • • • > • • • • • X 4C\ OrderJ. G. Parker & S o n . . . . . 6,200 Order.9,00' John Etberidge; Sarah Kemp agt. Elias Kenp; Eliza-12,^3. beth Griffin agt. Edward Griffin; Mary E. Sullivan5,214 Oiympia to the 9th, and from Victoria to the 10th. acter oi oeneial Inspector, to fullill the in«truction» he fjtccivod TbeTt is danger of nrttake in this statement, mas- 5,800 . Two pounds and a half (about $500 worth) of gold from Government. On the 15th, th« JPrentdont i««4uu*$i tho5,370 dust from the Similkameen and Coiville mines had ar- artillery, and visited the "batteries in contraction. I o * word, much as deficiencies in the appropriations for the* cur-Ord^r.................. 3,001'ThomasJ.HanditCo.. 2,500 tbegreatestactivityprevail*Inabpreparationsforthewar." rentUrealyearbavesbownt:»emselvesthe fir*t week5,215 Cox, was shot dead m Salem, Oregon; by a gun, fixed consequence of a difficulty arising out of the imprison- able on such appropriations, which will considerablyerable bvAy oi tbe murderers. The deceased had not to t.h»s question.is in Lima, cloeely watched by Castilla for fear beREMOVALOF MR.PILSBURY.• . •i t. • •increase the amount of thtse deficiencies. Hence it is d e e m e d u n s a ' e t o d i m n i s h t h e t a x b e l o w t h e a m o u n t levied last je-ur. Tbeoe deficiencies will of course in- crease the deficit at the close of the current fiscal year, which will have to be paid from the amount appropri- ated for tbe next lis al year.Tbere w 11 be required, therefore, for the General Fond a tax of l{ mills.TheCanalDepartmentwillrequireataxof\amill, to KOon with tbe work on tbe cauals.The School tax will remain %of a mill, the same aa last j ear.To pay interest on tbe $12,000,000 debt aa'Jiorifced _. unccr section 3, article 7 of the Constitution, will re-If the Legislature authorize new works and provida for their payment, the taxes will have to be inereased to lour or four and a half, or even five mills.stood, therefore, that if new works arc authorized, the*• money is to be raised by direct taxation. Will the eon- dition of the finances authorize the commencement ofinaugurated, in 1851, by releasing the raUroads from M cies »w^ arh>o a together untilsible contingc'o>lm*!;,%-  