 s,••that the treaty is substantially a measure of annex-apainst the Pro-rata hill aud other subjects, occupied enoe ahonld at any time. prov« that the Jodiciary do<>* not pou- newspaper mail now goes B^mi-monthly via Panama. tiie set^ion till nc-arl}'one o'clock.xevcnly passengers.]there muet be eome mistake about the steamship Hun-jfea* power to injure ad*^n*t*« protection, it will then becomo the duty o f Congress t o supply *uch uVhciency.3 JUtoived, That the iuhsbiUu's of an organized Territory of the United States, when they rightfully form a Constitution, to he adnaitted as a State into the union, may then, for the first time, like tho peopleof a Stan? wh«nfor£in;anew onstitnti^n decide for themselves «h-*th**r Slavery, as a dnnuMtta inntitution•ahall bemaintained or,prohibited witftin th*tr jnri«diction; andvif Conjpre** »i«i*.l admit ihern *•• » St»t»>, •• th«y .»h«li b* received Into tb* Union with or wHhfiiit Slavery as their Constitution may pre*c*11>e «t the tin e of their admiiUion "6. Herotrrd, That the provi-ion of th* Constitution for th* .rerdition of fqzitivei from service or labor, **without the adop- tionofwhichtheUnimcvuld nethavebeenformed," andtheiaw» of 175»3 and »J?SO, which w*re enarted to M-cure it* «x««cii- ticu, and t h e iuain (Vaiu.-*-* o f w h?th, b.-iu^ •ituii*r, btuic the tin- prer* o f nearly seTtenty years o f tanctioa b r t h e hiehvst judtctat antbority. have unquestionable claim t o the re*poct .o«i observ- ance of a j who-enjoy the Ivmefi'-s of our compact of Union ; and that the acta of Stat« .Legislatures to defeat the purpose, or uul M^f the requirements of mat provi-.jor., and the. lawn made in pursuance of it, are hoetilo in character. !>nhver-ive of the ';on- atitution, revolntioaary in tht<ir ••tie^t, and if persisted in, mast soor.e''or lat«-r lead thV 8ta;»-»* injured by Svioh brevh of the compact to exereise their judgment as to the proper uiodo andmeasures of redress.It is uot improbable, if thia platform should bo adopted a t Charleaton, which t h e Souih will cer- tainly demand if a Northern man should bo nomi- nated, that a third candidate may be xuu aitor the example of V a n Btueo. Sagacioaa Democrats regard the party a* morally disiupted, s o d admit Republican success withordinftty discretion."THE MFXHAN TREATY.The Brooklyn ha^ been ordered.to New-York to take out Col. Pickett, our new Consul to Vera Cruz, who will carry instruction* to meet thy c\>n- ticgency of j&iramon's projected attack, in case Mr. McLaixe should n o t leturn before that event. Mr. McLane'a movemexiT? depend upon the action of the Sesame on the Tr€afy. Ir rejected, there is EOmotive for re?nmir»c the mission. If ratified, he will go back to make the Convention for which it provi e«.TLe treaty will be taken up to-m^rro^, and pressed urgently to a division, ic view of tha ex- pected attack on Vera Cruz. Kfpublicans have no desire to delay the test or discuss its provisions. From present indications, there wdi be twenty- eight votes in tho negative, or six mure than nect'S- Bary to defeat its rati6cation.THK TROUBLE ON-THE TBXAX PROX-TIRR. Gov. HouATon has written a letter here, demand-m> — The petition of the New-York Institute for the Blind, Tlae P r o - R a t a Bill—!¥©- Corraptioia atking for relief, was reported adversely, and the re-Cuyahoga District, Robt. F.Paine of Cuyahoga,&nd gfirian having three hundred and sixty passengers on Reuben Hitchcock of Lake, are delegates, and A. €t.had b€en refnfifed. The man wa3 conaequently obliged ing to know if Government in'.ends taking aay ac- to pay the fine, which he did ucder protest.of Mr. Andrew Robertson; M r Bailiie, of the firm of James Bailiie & Co.; Mr. Neil Morrison, of t i e firm of Morrison & Ernpey; Mr. Roy, of the firm of Roy & Bufort. There were eome reasons for fearing that Mr. Grant, the Secretary of the Grand Trunk Company, would be among the passengers, but we are happy to learn that the probabilities are .altogether in favor of his not. having been able fo leave in tho Hungarian. Mr. BUu'kvfell, too, the managing director of the Com- pany, it was at first rumored had intended sailing in her," but we learn this -was altogether a mistake, as Mr.speeches ind circnlarn. ,—The Democratic Convention of Ne w-Cas-Ie Coun-ty, Del., has appointed the Hon. James A. Bayard and the Hon.Wm.G. Whitely delegates, andJohnP. Cochran, esq., a n d Maj. Benj. T . Biggs, substitutes to» the Charleston Convention. Resolutions were adopted highly complimentary to President, Buchanan's Admin- istration, denouncing the John Brown raid and the Republican party, indorsing the Dred Scott decision, eulogizing Col Wbitely (the Congressman from Dela- ware), for opposing the election of a Republican Speak-tioTi to vard Mexico, and 'intimating br;adl> if not, thatht>willassumetheicsponsibiiitv on behalfof Texas.TTTE SUPREME COURT.The Supreme Court w l l sit continuously till May.They have reached No. J*«iO, »f«d have 214 morecauses on the docket. Justices Taoey and Daciel. Consul Helms's correspondence with the Cuban au- thorities has been transmitted to Wathin«rcon.:—* :—5"Tru'.v your f/ieod.'To Jon>- fjiiow^r, Toptka.''?o the/.wociated Pre**.GEORGE ii.STr.ARNb.Letters received bv the families of the two gentlemen The commercial advantages held out hy this announce positively their intention of, taking thiaWASHINGTON, *eb. 26, m>d. The Stnate Cotnn)itt*e having the subject in charge, have,,we nacterstand, reoot^d linanimoosly in f*vor «fthe Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph i;i!t, a« utneud>dto use a patent cork cutting machine invented by Wm.votts. If we could have them, independent of D. Crocker, and had been so successful that they wereMary Whitney, children of hia son William Whitney.• .1In the canton of Vaud, Switzerland, a societyha* lately been organized, having for its object the collec- tion of money to be applied in purchasing and freeing; slavesheldinthiscountry. Thesumof$409wasreceived a short time since by a Swiss clergyman, acting for tha society at Hitriand, Madison County, Blinois, and ap-Maiyjfor the poipOses of the Company. In r-jtam for jth^te verv Jibeial gran*i«, the Company will be ex- acted to'uecord to the United States, a">. all times, aHonty in 1 tie ure of their line. It is stipulated that Bhewo.kphallbecompletedwithinthecompassof.—,»_tto that exttut upon ull the real estate situate within the County of Richmond, except the. Marino Hospital grounds and the bury- ing ground need • bytLe^ Commiaaioners of immigration. In case an appeal shall be "taken within the' time uforesaid, tlten from ai^daftertheconfirmationofthoreportBOappealedfrom,or from andafter thefiling ofthesecondreportwhereanewap- praisal phali be orderec, the report co appealed from, if con-ingschoolsfortheenlightenmentofhisrace.FALSEALARMcrAFIREMAN.—Last nightabout 11o'clockamemberofHookandLadderNo.1,wear*tv.oye;:'efromthe'MetofUKXI July.l a m iil0a a n d ^?X&„ j ,ahalf dollars- Draftspaid, fp-^OW; dra/ts i«m*d, $4,879,000; reduction tr.yjx afiount on hand nrdvioos weefct, ne rlf $3.31)6,000;ject. Boththeshipandhercaptainwerefavorites, —The Argus and Atlas isinformed that Hon. Henry and it is feared that uhe would be preferred by s>rne,S. Eandall, former Secretary of State of thia State,tea of Missouii, Iowa and Illinois.*Ithe building.—».•-necessary expenses Incurred by them hi the execution of said «iuUe», to be paid out of the State Treasury, on the certificate ofUntitled Documenthim in various parta of the State.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Orieaus*principle,andpaidtoboasortofcomproaiisewiththe mittee.try. Hisparty,therefore,cannotbeconsideredas; partofalistoftameswhichcametothiscity,bytele- presentandthetwoprecedingyeare:boxxecen Denjvers. City and Gregory's mi>es. T w o fFrom The Montreal Herald. Feb. 23.The wreck! of •the Hungarian h a s thrown a deep gloom over the entire city, for although there can be no absolute certainty on the subject, it is too much to be feared that among h e r ill-fated paasengers there were several of our citizens, whose families and friends in'sicret session of the Senate. I t should be dis- are overwhelmed with anxiety for their fate. Nothing^Trains laden with bjeadbtufis rived from New-Mexico.a n dproduceh a da r -mipfdon.ers of Appraisal eie to be pain live dolltra a "day by the grantee to whom the new lease is to begranted. This act shxll take e!!'ect immediately.ject of teo much importance to be hurriedly settledA new and extremely r»ch gulch had been discovered ten miles from Gregory's mines, which, it is said, e x - ceeds any of the Old diggings in richness.cumd in open day. The whole country Bkould un- had been seen of the ship's life-boats, of which wo learn from Jfessrs. Edrnonstone. Allen & Co. there derstand the question, in all its bearings,, before the were six very euperior ones on board, and, excepting lic (•bnriv':r>s and Correction,.with three Commissioners Government commits itself to the proposed radical a few spars and a portion of tho mail-bags, nothingas chi*f oflSeers, to be appointed by the Board of .Su- had been washed ashore from the wreck.pervisors. The first three to hold oifice until Dec. 31, charge in our relatione with that huge, rotten mass Among the pnseenj/erH. it is. w e understand, but too 'iFrom Havana. NEW-OROEANS, Saturday, Feb. 25, 1860.forthepiaintiffe were J.II.B L^trobe andW.J. O'Brien, and for the defendant Win. Whiting, W . A , C. Washburnj »nd Messrs. Brown and Brune.months. Provision is made for'an annual taac to nieet,all expenses of the.Department, and the Supervisorsareauthorizedtoappointand lixthesalaryofanAt- bywhichwecaneithertakeorletitalone,accord-From The Toronto Globe, Feb. 23Mr. Wilson, who has x--cupied the confidential post of bnjer for Messrs. Moffat, Murray <fc Co. for sometime, wrote that he would sail on the 8th, but it is tobe hoped was detained till the next vessel sailed, asfrequently'happens to business men. The names ofmean to "bolt" from the nomination if they are not permitted to have their way in the Convention.The will of the late millionaire, Stephen Whitney, bearing date Nov. 17, 1851, has been offered for pro-TheTlie Mayor pf Lynn h;w issued a proclamation .stat-orr.t^y Io th'e*Board.The bi'l for ascertaining and collecting the damagescauseo by the destruction of the Marine Uospuale aud other buildings a n d property &t Quarantine w a s r e - ported by the'Joint Committee da the following shape:ing to the demands of the Slavery-spreading andDirimion element of our Federal politics. A treatywhich is a fiist-iate specimen of an "entangling" albaLce"," and which is intended to plunge our re-lations with Mexico into a maze of diplomacy, whereiotir of the rioters were arrested been held to bail in $4,000 each,yesterday,a n d havethis act. Tf cither of t.-.ftn nliai! decline to net, or a vacancy may occt'f in tl>e Beard, it ehall b» liilt-d by tbo Governor.yesterday on account of some of the residents of that ture, plate, horses, carriages, and the interest uponStrikeBOSTON. Saturday, Feb, 25, I860.NEW-YORKI860.DAILYtalion, ixwultias to th e State* MOInterfered whh, end*ejc I Mr. Coifax to report, at the earliest possible day, a JTEWr-YOBK LEftlSLATUliE. shn'l mttJce nhd sign a corVifiCJrto, showing the esraonrtt to be paidmmTheHousePost-Ofiice Committee have nu1-horizett •weaki-n and d*str*y tfc« Taion it**K. J cheapenirg the postal service between tho Atlantic andi.*>—v.^«i>»ts>,iaaasasSal 1 —POLITICAL,•tothe-irdisturbanceorsubversion,ialarlclaliono*theCon**** ?«toa.e»tic peace and t(Hta«itriiUy—object* for waioh the Consti- ) bill submitted to them by him, for expediting'andtk«. Governor uhdController. TheGoTffrcoraad Controllera ting that the laws will be enforced, and all riotong and Thr I'eoplc of ihe State of New-York, reprctented in SenatetnmultuoaaaspembUttes suppressed, a n d calling upon the citizens generally to abstain from gathering in crowes-andotherpublicdemonstrations. Threeorand Assembly, do i-tiaet as follows:Taylor, were also mentioned yesterday as erobably ou board, but on inquiry wo were happy to find that the probability was quite the otier way. It is reported, boTcevtr, that many Montreal merchants were o awealthy the deceased was, but it is estimated that he was worth about ten millions of dollars. His bequests are wholly confined to his family. His wife receivescMontreal Selection*r by a codicil added in 1859, increased to $125,000; to hist sister,SusannahWhitney, hegives theinterestupon1 MofTKEAi., Saturday, Feb. 25, I860.The tanr.icipal election commenced hpre on Thursday.$6,000; his daughter Mrs. J..Phillips Phconix, receive* given to his daughter, Mrs. Ferdinand Suydam, and hisbe np at 11-o'clock. ' She brings nothing later, y> ,jFires.MILWAUXXE, Saturdar. Feb.25,1860.A Fire broke ont a t eleven e'e'ock last night in the wholesale groceiv store of Wise & Co., destroying the buiiding and stock Loes $30,000; insured for "$30,000.CINCI*KATX, Saturday, Feb. 25,11860 The ftor^s of J. & L. Yater, Goo." Coweh anu Wa.Harriil,atUolton,Indiana,togetherwiththedepotandof Norwich, were passengers on board the Hungarian.Lawrence Whitney, Stephen Whitney, Maria Whit-Lviiii.Mr. Chajlesworth. Mr. Henry Fowler, Mr. Sampson,bujer for John Macdonald"& Co., and M r. Watson bate. It is impossible to tell from its contents how-SECTION 1 Ward Himt.df Utica^E. W . Letvenworth of Syra- cu-«»t «jid lV .er B . Sw*^«ny, are hereby constituted and appoint-said hospitals, buildings, and other propeny, r.t the tirr.« aforo- baid, procreo to inquire and ascertain wh-»t property belonging to pucii pf-rson wan so destroyed or injured, and tho value theic- of sud w-ha Oaipac^s s>'ch person sustained In consequence of and resulting from tbo destruction of said buildings and aropcrcy.Ssc 4. The stid lioaiu ahull uive written notice to the Ohair- man of the Board of Supervisors of Ric-bmc-na County, or to the Clerk thereof, at least sixteen days before th-^ir firai aioetiug. The nieetiuj; of the 'totrd ehall be he!d in New-York Ci»y, or on Statt-n Isiand, in the diuyretitn of the Bourd of Comniisaionera. The Board of Suptrviaora, aa well an the cla'iuanta under thia act. may appear before the sold Comtsiasioncia. by counsel or othexv The, ana may examine witnesses In .their beaalf in rela- titn to the value ot the buildings BO destroyed, and tho damages sustninj'd, as in the Inst section mentioned. In conducting their examinations, the Commissioners shail ha>ve the power to ex- buiiiie viti,e"Bts under e»tb, und each o n e ia authoiized to od-•minister oaihs as prescribed in the Courts of law; nnd witnesses examined who sh«»l!wear and testify falsely, shall be liable to all the penalties of perjuiy in the Courts of this State.Sxc. ft. Within twenty dnys after the filing of said reports, any purtv to said proceedings, may appeal by notice in writitig totheoth<r,to the Supreme Court,from thereportinrela'i'>naims at j W e protest against doing things by stealthor under false pretenses. A s things now stand, t h eFree States must fight for their share of new terri-torial acquisitions. W e demand that they shallknow when anything of this sort is going on, in orderthat they may, as M r. Calhoun used to claim forSlavery in. California, "have a chance to get in.' the time she sailed."TRIBUKE,MONDAY, FEBRUARY $%tutor. w«» •ormcd—and. by n#«c*»ary oonwoiene*. «erv*« t*3. R**oivcd, That N^Kfo Mav#ry, aa i: exi»t»fn nf.**n Stotof j Pacific Sates, r It directs the Pnatmasrer-Genatal ts The Judiciary Committee reported a bill to deter- of S'atc. rro're tho t'toe of the /jliug or ucl?certificate, the m Passengers Imported m Board. there was no election m Baltimore last November, a n !—The Maryland Legielaturo \a about to declare thatf eftMs Umoo, composes an itapofiant portion of tbeir dofloe^H j advertise immediately for proposals to carry the cn- mine the claim of Jamee ITay to Lenk- and Tat*. arr ount stated therein ahull bv a lien npon the rei^es.tate in said the effect will be that a new election will have to b«iastwotitn*, iabented Ireiathtir ancestors, and e*iitbig a*,theadoption of the Constitution, b y which it i* recoguized- a* cun- j tire mail overl»nd, from sUoh point on the Mississippi^treating an important element of the apportionment of power* i orMissouri Riveras the bidders mav eelect. and byThe bills relative to the property destroyed at Quar- antine, aud to re/rulato thoplanting of oysters, wereCtfunty, and ahall be asieswd'. levied snd cotloctedl in tho same manner as the Hens specified in tho p^ccoding BectJpns of this act. and w» <-ucol.'e-tfd shaU be paid iuto tho State Treasury._ < * ~ ~ — ordered for member* of the Legislature and local of- ficers. The Democratic candidate will, however, tak» N A M E S O F S T E E R A G E P A S S E N G E R S . the office of Sta^e Controller, on the strength of h i* majority in the other counties. This decision will hav» no effect on the title of Davis and Harris to their seat*aotong th«» Statcet] and thnt Bo chnisg* of opinion or fouling•on <H*> pan JOf thenon •i!»v^»/»:.jn -,- si*;-, of the Uni->n In i*!*'ion : *oich route, as they m ay de««nate ia'thtir bid, to San reported favorably.I Francisco. " BfXLS io i'tuK •n.-liimion <-;m ;•>-.;i:y '.:•.>•:>: t>T :rn-ir r.i'izrtit i:i o p - n and.SKfj. If1. This net sBnll take effect frhmodiately.In rho Assembly, nothing vvasdone but to moketheNOTICED.«ys'.em*t»cattack* thereon wWiavtew to it* overthrow; and j The lctter-rnail, and all printed matter, on which For tho registration of. births and nK+rrhigee » eeEBioDS commence at 10 o'clock, instead Of 11,' here>»-thatallsnchattacksareinm»'i^»tviolaJonoftheraatiwland Jletter{>oetA<iehprepaid,togothroughintwentydayp, Brooklyn.iiiter.The vote on the Pro-Rata Freight bill will be takea on Wednesday.Names of Others Supppsod to he on Board.sob o n pledsres to protect and d-»ud »ac6 other. gh*n :>y tho 1 and U> be curried *«m:- A-cekly. The newspaper Statea, respxiclivelv, on t uUt in,- ia:o the constiiiition^I compactwLich formed the L'nion. at d a'e a manifest breach of :"-»ith and mail to go through wee>iy in thirty days. Proposalsftriofalion of the roo»t aolen.n obligation. to supply Denver andSalt Lake by branch iineB woek- 3.Xctoired, Thattheuniono£thesestatesrest*onth•equal- ly,fromtiemainroote,aretoieinvited,andbidsto ity«*frightsandprM)*s<>»am«i),r«»member* andthatiti*jl»ereceivedtillthe1stofMav,nndttcnsubmittedtaeaprciaiu t h e dutv of the Sea:tte.**hich rrprvsenU « i e Stnl«» :u theirsovevei^nopacity,tore*i*tallattempt*todiscriminate(Congreseforacceptanceorrejectioa. Thecontract,if either in relation to por*on or pXOpertj, an a*, in th-* Territorial j made, shall run three vearsfrom the 1st of July, i860. —vrhtcharethecommonpo»«o«*ionoftheUnite<iStat**—to;Bidsformoreorleesfrequentservicearealsotobe grre advantage* to the cltfcsei * of one State which are not equallyeecaredtothoseofeveryotherstate. ireceived. Uidsarealsoto-beinvitedto.carrythe*. Bstolvcd, That neither Con?r«»«, nor a Territorial L«?i*- ! tiitire mail by water route from New-York and New- latnTe, whether by direct lejbfcnion or legislation of an is direct j Orleans, eemi-weekly and weekly.and nn'riendlj narnre. po*...as* the power to annn) or impiwr thoconatitntteimi ri*ht of any citizen of the United SUUat to take The Committee believe these bjd=, wiien submitted hi* *Jav*« property into the coiiroon Temtoriea; but it i« th<> \ to Congress, will showthat $600,000 can bo nanuaUy doty of the Federal Govern tect there to at).,id for that, M for saved in this single item of the pnhhc service. Tho ether species of property, the ue^dful protection: aad if experi-To diminish the expense of publication of'winvasaes/ and other official notices.in Congress.—The delegates to the Chicago Convention, ohoscxrin Ohio, arc as follows: From the XHIth District(Huron), P . N . Schuyler of Huron County, with Thos.1Hamilton of Erie as alternate, and the Hon. J . J . Gar-SENA TE.... ALCA r*v, Feb. 25, I860.BILLS IN7ROOUCEO. The Cfime protecting bill was to day referred ba:k To abolish t^eNew-Torls Alma-House Department. to the Committee, where it was amended by allowingHALIFAX, Saturday, Feb. 25, I860. The clearance of the Hungarian has been found,from which.it-appears that she had THREETo establish and regulate She ferries between New- YorkandStatenIt-land. ItauthorizestheCommie- eionere of the Sinking Fund to liconto as many ferries aetheydeemproper,andtoregulatetheratesof fare.The bill to extend the time for the collection of taxes throughout the State till April 1, was pasaed.. ASSEMBLY.Numerous petitions and remonstrances for andsc?ekers to be caught in the Winter monthe.FROM WASHINGTON..Mr. CONKLING moved to strike out tho enacting witjh whom alone it ia our- duty, and has hithertoagent, as the genuine list, doubtless in good faith. I tJic*nn. ©th«rs. liCHDB. othora. ITciiui. other*. 12 2 11. 2 10 516 5 16 9 19 6clause, on the ground that the Governor last year too* ground against the bill, and gave notice that"he would hot eisn any such bill for the future.Messrs. BINGHAM andlELLS WORTH.took ground against the position of tho Governor, as originating in ignorance of the subject, and prejudice.turned out, however, to be the. list of paesengsrs whoBroom*...The bill was then read the third time, and paesed, ation. It provides that we may throw troops into17 58 2 Z78 to 27.From Our Ovm Corresponded.Ann ANY, February 25, 18(50.^the country whenever and wherever we please, on. the n< ininul plea of protecting transit routes, and13 6 4 aIT 2 4 Z\\the rights and interests of o u r citizens.A bill making the following provisions w as intro- in effect onto Mexico into our mouth. Under itTHE NEW-YORK AND STATEN-ISLAND FERRIES.T h e treatywe can either swallow her whole, or masticate and- 3. WM KERB?.duced in the Senate to day: • • The first tection of the bill provides that a majority of the Commissioners .of the Sinking Fund may a t any time gjHtit any licenses for ferries between New-Yorfc Oity and any point above the Snug Harbor, on Siaten Island; and ihey ^ball fell the'license for such ferries at auction to the highest bidder, for a term of ten years. The rest of ti>e oil Tallows the Commissioners to rtlsaseswallow her in piece?, as we shall prefer.The treaty is thus a measure of vast national- im-portance, involving a s i t does a fundamental change in the international relations of the two countries. No question of territorial extension can be of graver4. JOHN DAI.KV.3. MAHTIJf DONNKBS. 6. EJ,I,K>- SHKHAN.and resell the licenses, but for not more than ten years, cons* qutneo. The absorption of Mexico is a themeand the leeeee shaU have hie stock, boats, a n d other that-. li£s engrossed the earnest attention of our property, assfsstd, and the new lessee shall take such wisest statesmen in the past? Few have as yet stock, boats, etc., at the appraised value; and theThe first three of the above were " booked " at Liv- erpool, and the latter at Cork.The Purser of the Vigo, which arrived a t this port on Friday last, thinks that on leaving Queenstown harbor the Hungarian had nearly forty cabin paseengera, and eome sixty steerage passengers.THK NKW-VOKK ALMS-1-IOUSK DKrAKTMKNT.'Senator Robomon's bill to abolish the Alme-clouse Department,, creates in it's fetead a department of pub-G»'*.V A, Saturday, Feb. 25 18Gt). mentioned, bhall bo finol and conclusive on all the parties inter- tion of such imposts cannot by any means counter- passengers, and says:.ney, and Caroline Suydam Whitney," children of hi* treaty, are undoubtedly of value to ouV industrial steamer, then to sau from Liverpool in a few days son Henry Whitney; and Everetta Constable Whitney, interests. This is the bait held out for Northern They had been on a visit to Europe to dispose of rights William Whitney, Stephen Suydam Whitney, a a dthree or four ears of the Ohio and Blissisiippi liailroad, to the lo^s ftrd damages at such party. Such appeal oball be those graver and dominant features of the treaty returning at an earlier day thsm anticipated. Mr.heard at any G-ntral or Special Term of aaid Court, in theikjilr. Gwin. Tbut bill authorizee the Postmaster. were destroyed by fire ou Tuesday, Los«s$20,000. Second Judicial District, on notice tcereof being given accord- to which we have alluded, everybody would bo Crocker has a considerable manufactorv using thesejGet.ejai to contract with eertam parties lor the baild- The carriiig-J and plow factory of P|att, Martin & ing to the rules nnd practice ol aaid Court. On•the hearing of machines a t Norwich, and his brother (Jared F.) is a n Rft' for ibe use of the'Goverathent oi a line of telegraph Gordon, together with the private residence of Mr. such appeal the Cou-t may ocntniA such report, or direct a new glad. The reduction of the duties upon American active lawyer at the same place."from ponae point on the Mir«>^ip- i Itiver to SHU Piatt, at Salem, Indiana, was burned ou Wednesday. appraisal and determination by said Conimi-aionera. If a newJVancJecA. with connecting branches ro various prom- icent pr»ir.ts- The cootracr, j» litnitfin TOfen years, nod tie bonn«< ffered by the Government i» fifiy thoasand dj£Utrs per aimam daring jtbat period, yyciiwr with the free Jise of a n y mappropriated public; l<o>d tbatJxws $3i>,b<;0. Insured for $8,400. appprniaal and datormination "is ordered, the second report of products is a most desirable thing. B u t a reduc- * The Toronto Globe publishes a list of the Europa's aaia CommistionerB, which shall be filed an in the last sectionThe White Spring Mill?, owned by Jaaaes S. Shel ested. balance the serious complications of the body of In this list we are happy to recognize the name ofdouj totfsther with a large baru, and Mr. Mil'.er'a dwell- 6KC- 6. Such reports t s Pbnll not b e appealed from within t h e Mr. Charlesworth and Mr. Samson-(of John Mac-10 aaid CAtr.missionffs for sur;n services 87>d expenses,-which certifica'* shall be fiit'J in the o»fift« of the cle-fc of the County of Richmond, and a duplicate thereof in the oilice of the .SecretaryTHENEW MEXICAN TREATY—ITS nTaHEYEM-rOUT ANT CHARACTER. Correspondence of The N . Y . Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Feb. 24,-18G0. The most important subject before Congress at tbepre*fnt moment is the Mexican Treaty. (This treaty was negotiated by Mr. McL»oc; our Minis- ter, with the man Juarez, (pronoucced Huarez),board, ao she was never known to carry hulf that num- Lawrence of Cuyahoga, and J . T . Poolittle of Lake-, 1 excise money to the Inebriate Asylum wa3 reported •now heading a illlibustering forc<* in Mexico, and in ber before, nor aDy of the other fiteamers belonging to were appointed alternates. In the Vth District, Davidport agreed to. "f o u aid.Special Di»patch to The N. Y".Tribune.A1.HAN*, Feb. 26, 1860. The oro-rrtta men have been caucusing, and it is «u- e'ereteod wi^j, on Monday, present a substitute for thebill before the Honpc, differing from it somewhat in jtge of the Cayuga marshes was reported by the Com- fine* himself, or is confined, tp a comer of the coun- Philadelphia papers on Friday was erroneous. It isThe bill to repeal the law appropriating ten per centfor tha consideration of the House.The bill to extend the term of ihe New-York Con-possession of Vera Cruz. ican and called ah Indian.Juarez is a native Mex- H e is not in possessionthe same line as herself.[The list purporting to be of passengers by the Hun-Taylor of Defiance, and E . Graham of Wood County, were chosen.—The following table will show the results of ttu» Town Meetings in this State, as far as held, for ik»stnble? w»s reported favorably.The 'oil! npx roprinting $30,000 to complete the drain- of the capital or the national archives, and con- garian, which appeared in the telegraph columns of theThe Senate bill extending the time for the collection of tdxes ihiouirhout the Sta'e came do^vn.lailioad interest. T h e Investigating Committee will eport on Monday that they havo been unable to find any shadow of evidence to sustain the charge of anattempt to defeat pro-rata by bribsry and corruption.Virginia Opposition Cdnrcntioa. KICHMOND, Saturday, F«b. 2,r>, I8fii),The Convention adopter! the aujority report to- send delegates to Baltimore. Whoo ihey ,do n<H adopt any other euggeetion in the^addresa of the National' Cnioi> Committee, the Convention do*s no', meat: to discour- age the movement now l>eiri£ mude elsewhere for the formation of a >rreat National Conservative L'nion par- ty. The Convention expressed no preference for-any candidate. *Gold From IPilte's !*<eak.. ATCHISON, K.T.,Saturday,Feb.VJ4,18ft).The Pike's Peak express and Salt Lake mail ar- rived this evening, bringing four passencers a n d $3,0^0 in gold dust.LKA VESWOKTH, K . T ., Fricay, Feb. 25, 1860. The Pike's Peak exprets arrived hero this morning with twenty-five hundred dollars in gold and themails. The news is meager.Good prospects had been obtained in the mountains,cords of fjnartz, mingled with pyrites o iri>n, had Commissioners may make rub? and regulations every been found boid enough to be willing to face its con- tielded, after Kirrjshing, seventeen hundred dollars in tinee monihs to carry out their powers. The Com- sequeuces. One thing is certainly true; it is a sub-tie actiDg Government, or Government de facto ;. graph, from Boston, where it was furnished to our—1838.-S - 1 8 3S9.-s —I860.-. Itepiib- Alll Rcpub- All Rcpnb- Al)objeelv' W e do act want to do either, by the au-Douglas, and declares that no man nominated upon haps four members of the Canadian Legislature. -Mr. "Mr. Bright's platform can win the Presidency, andtions that alternately rise and disappear annually in Mexico. A treaty, too, that c*n be made to mean either much or little, just to suit the convenience of the Executive branch of this Government A treatyis just possible that Mr. Dawson m;xy also have been dent/who dees rot adhere to the dextrine of Popular among the paeeengers, though we think this is improb- Sovereignty. The whole tone and bearing of the arti-able. Several other Canadians are known to have cle points to the conclusion that Mr Douglaa'a friend* been on board.tbVy can be manipulated just to serve the ends ofed&Boardof-Coumu/titDtrHtoperformthe'dutiesimposedby thisframepoliticaljoint-stockcompany.Letuuhaveboard,andthattherewasmuchanxietyinHamilton thodwelling-houseonBowlingGreen,withthefurni-evertSp&ing that concerns a matter of such vital place. The greatest interest was manifested on thoicrlbethe oath pie&cr'bed by the twelfth article of the Constitu- imporianco, dpen and above-board. It is an ex- subject. Numerous dispatches passed over the wires be givea only the interest on $50,000 for life, which iefc'KC. 2. The Conimisniocors HOappointed shall take and sub-tion. L-trfoie tnteriiu- upvr. the discharge of their duties under ceedingly difficult subject to treat anyway. L e t askmg after friends and relatives. Groups at everyWM) by virtue of this act. corner were engaged in discussing the incidents of the Sao 3.Astoonasmaybe uner their appointment,the said usstripitQ<allambiguitiesanduncertainties. We wreck.Commiifsionera shad proceed to iuquirw, ascertain, and aopraisetins vftlttp of th*1 Marh.c lIcKpitaia and other building;), and of ad do not w7ant to get into any Mexican quagmires, or Captain Jones, the nia*(er of the Hungarian, was aoth?r propylty rtcently (jim&te within the Quarantine inclosure thorough seaman, and one of the most vigilant, careful$100,000 during lifo; to his daughter, Emeline Dore,The so:e incu-ation of rioting Occurredyesterday isitheneighborhood of the City Hail, but was checked by ths on Stafen Laand, ann held by the CoairmH'UOnera of Emipration, Dhmal Swamps. If we are after Sonora, let us officers who ever trod a deck. It is in vain to specu- the use of one-fourth of his estate; like portions arevigorous uveatfiues oi the authorities.••The SiisqueManna Haver. XoKTin'MiiKRiAyn, Saturday, Feb. 25, I860.The ice is moving in the north branch of the Susque- hanna, a n d the railroau bridges are endangered in con- sequence of it. T h e ^est. branch of the river.is clear of ice, and the water is falling.Arrival of tlie .Steamship Jwra.SANOY HOOK, F e b . 26, 1860. The Boyal Mail steamship Jura hfcs arrived, and willin trum for the peof.le e.f tld» t^tite, or eAh*-TwU<s, whicn vraB de- say Sonora. If it be other provinces, let us name btroj ed or injuied bo fixe o n on about tlm tirat aud second days ofSeptember,1858. TLeComrtiiatiionerij ^Jiab ulso,in likemau- them. IfitbeallMexico, letussayso. Lettho ner, upon tho request of ai»>- person who had any property do-fitrojed<rinjuredatornear-theplaceaforesaid,atth*timealore- peopleunderstandexactlywhattheGovernment Rev.Dr.O'Mcara,thePioneeramongtheIndian Huid". 'or wlio hustaincd any da:nagea b y reason of the burning ofIf we aie going totake Mexico, or anypart of it, t h e people of the (North want a chaoco t o get inFrom The Btidgepoft Standard.ing. 2(!5 sbt-ep, a quantify of gram, flour, etc , were lime specified in the preceding fourth section, shall, from and the treaty- They are but a drop in the bucket. donald & Co., proving thut theyj at all events were propriated in purchasing a Colored Methodist minister after the expiration of twenty da>H from the time of filtug thema;, be required, and the privilege of oaying at $1 i£5 entirely coowamed by fire last n'urht. The loss is about • feme, becon e absolute, and the amount BO reported by said Nobody will object to a commercial treaty. W e not among the unfortunates. A passenger named Wil- of St. Louis. The liberated minister will depart forper"acre*nchporto«rofsaidlandH»maybenecep- $20,CC0. Injuredfor$10,500.CommissionersinfavorcfthepeopleofthoStato,orofthe needone. Weoughttohaveone.Butthistreaty, soniaaleomentionedaahavingsailedfromCork. Is Liberia,whereitiahisintentiontolaborinestablish- pertrn in whose favor aaid report shall be mode, shall be a lieu it. possible that this could have been Mr. Wilson ofThe Bark Jiepler.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, Feb. 25, 1860.Messrs. MofTutt, Murray 6c Co.'s? W e fear not. H e and it is not likely, though still possible, that bo wasTlieApalachicolaTime*oiWednesdaysays:The bark Kepler, beforereported ashorebelow,orWestaimsandquestionablepurposes,besidebeingmadedetainedsolongastohecompelledtocrosathochan-nel from Holyhead and take the rail to Cork, in orderto catch the Europa at that place If he hid doneso, ing badge " 3," ran into the City Hall Telegraph Of-with a faction that has no honest claim whatever 3l Leuejs from Vera Cruz, dated loth, say that no Pass Bar, 15ns in a very critical position, owing to the firmed, or haid second report, where one shall be made, shall bo- - to be considered the Government of Mexico.ftpeliabte izil'onuation exista there to the -affect tha'. prevailing heavy wiiids. The Kepler is ownod in fomo absolute, and the araoim. reported therein shall be a lieniftliraarou ba» lelt the Capital, but should his forces f^oha*set, Msuis. She went ashore on the nierhfc of the jroove iT, t)^» direction, they will be attacked by the 20th.jLiberaiirte rmder JDegolladb, who was on the ev* ofleaving for 1'uebia.( Private letters from Tubae, Arizona, dated Feb.3, IStated that the report was current ihere that Governor ^JPtfchiera hud been banned; althoti^h not much confi• ^ence -was placed in it, the writer sajB it i* not ipmpiobable,asSonoraisfnllyripeforanother revolu-joxt.J**« Congress does not organize the Territory, andfcat a ComenuOT, to behold at Tucson, will beBohemianOutward Boimd. PORTLAND, Saturday, Feb. 25, 1860.u.-ond »hall, a t their next annual meeting after the filing o f t h e amountssoreportedbysaidCormmisaionersshallhavebecomea li»n as provided in the prr.cediug sixth section, add the Beveral amount* so specified in the rrpvrts of said Commiitlonera,to- gether, with interest thereon from the dute of said reports to the first Mcnday in Februaiy then next, to the tax to be laid upontheRepublicanSenatorsoreagainstit,perhapsall.It is believed there are others belonging,to the moreconservative school. of Southern statesmen whowhose friends may bo relieved from their anxiety b y itspublication.We are happy to learn that there is no possibility of Mr. Merritt, and Mre. A. E. Rykeit, who is to accom- pany him on hia return voyage, having been on boardtionanalarmwasrungfortheSeventhDistrict,butit subsequently appeared that there was not a particle of fire in the building.Ti;e ttsamsbip Bohemian sailed 'from this port at 3 o'clock this afternoon for Liverpool.said County, which snn,!- shall be assessed le-rled and collected. are opposed to it also. As the consideration of the ill-luted vessel. He wrote by the ATabiathatheaxothercontingentchargesofsaidCounty,andahallbopaidbyLondon,in1&32,andabandonedherandaiasonthe beenatxeascdaudlevied,itKtail bi'thodutyofthe»aiddenly..Soonerorlater,wearegoingtoadvanceourSouthernboundary. Whenwedoit,letusdo HughEcclesoftlmcity.Wetrustitmayturnout men—twohundredcavalryandthreehundredinfautry«tlledforthispnrpoge.Itietotthoughtthatajaubiai f>iJow»i»gyear,comingtoAmerica.Thatsonisnow BoardofComndg-iioner*,as»oonussaidneglectorreIstrictmerelywillmettthewantsoftheTerritory, fundfhullbemadeknowntothem,to proceedtosell,*id any further connection with Xuw-Mtxico is in- a distinguished painter, and he and his mother claim to at public auction, at the Merchants' Exchange, in the it with our ejes open, and with the attention of theCity of New-York, up-m a notice of three weeks, be the legal heirs. The Crotest against the admission to be publitbcd twice a week in ut least two of the daily newa-thathedelayedhisvoyageanotherweek.OfMr.—onthepublicplazaofthatcity.Healsostatedthat McKeller's movements less is known. H e had not he (Cortina) wan chief in command of the Mexican.flerable. \1TheexpeditionNorthoftheGilafoundafinecmn- ofthewilltoprobateism*adebyMr.Wm.Loft,now paperacfraidcity,aomuch/-ndsuchportionnanthosaid'loin-written for two previous mails, and though expecting tolravesoon,hadnotnpecificdanytime.The names of the Rev. Dr. O'Meara, Mr. Francislorces at that place, who were favorable to the Church party."The above is corroborated by three of Majorp; well wooded, besides much mineral we*lth. 4aicKicJver specimens were brought in.4Tbe Apaches were "l^adly whtpiHid by the ranging #rty wrh considerable lass.fTli# receipts into the Treasury last week werei^vmg tubiect 'x>dra<t upward of $5,628,000.JTlie P/estdent has recognized Mr. I. D . Sybrandtas^ce-ConntU of Sweden a»d Norway at New-Orleans,whole country drawn distinctly to the magnitude of rr,i»»ior,er» mny select, of the real estate situate within said the act. Let us have no stealthy, movement ofof Canal street, New York, who Is the nephew of the* Conntv of Richmond, except the aaid marine hoapital groundsnow before theSonate,wecontendissomethingmore, far more. It is a political treaty of insidious wrote that he had taken passage in the Hungarian,he would surely have telegraphed from Halifax as Mr. fice and informed George Bevins, the bell-ringer, thatCharie&wonh did. It is probable that there are other there was a large fire in Cohen's card factory, Nos. 184. PKC. 7. The Board of fciupervn,drs of said County of Rlch- . to it is not definitely known. The main body of .Cinaoians in the above fist, although unknown to us, and 186 Willitun street. Relying upon his representa-in like manner and to the suuie extent aa above provided in refer- ence to reports not appealed from.How the members of the Senate stand in regardthe Coiuily TVrnturer to 'h e party or person who shall appear b y the measure must involve a very thorough examina- would write again by tne next steamer, which was CoiiTiNA IN MATAMOROS.—The following new* ThewillofthelateWm.E.Button,thecomedian, s.tidrepealstobee/.titledtothetame. theHungarian. Wearesorrythatthesamereport fromBrownsville,ofdatetheGthiuet.,givesanew-iscontestedbyhisfirstwife Mr?.Elizabeth LoftBurtt n of London. I t is alleged that from this ladyMr. Bnrt'>n was never divorced. He married her ini>V.Cis.ifthesaidBoardofSupervisorsshallneglectorrefuse tionofthequestionoftherelationweshouldoc- cannotl>egivenofMr.Talbotandhisbride.Theto perfonn t i e duttt •« imposed b y the preceding seventh ae.ction. cupy toward Mexico in her present dissolving con-' Postmaster- General hits telegraphed to hi* friends iu feature to tho character of the Cortina insurrection:orifthe amount thus assessedshall not bocollectedandpaid over to tt'e party cr person appcarl.vg entitled thereto, as afore- said, within four months fioai the time the some shall havedition, it is not likely to bo determined very sud-LordonthatMr.T.intendedtonullintheHungarian. He was married but a few 'weeks ago, in Eogltnd, to MiesEccles,daughterofthelatemuchrespectedCapt."A .gentleman, whoarrived at Goliad yesterday from Brownsville, reports that when he left, Cortina, was m Matamoros, and on the day before drilled hisfirst Mrs. Burton. The will recognizes us heirs only and *ald burying ground, miwill bring, on such nab-, Bimicientto that line Southward under the furtive operations of Shanly, Mr. Blackwell of the Grand Trunk, Mr. Bul- Ford's men, who passed through here on their way tohis wife, Mrs. June Livingston, hia adopted son, Wm. Burton, and Misses Cecilia,- Hosiue aud Virginia Buiton.pay iY\, several i./nonnts >pecif»ed in their said report*, With in- tt-ii-at thtreun from the duto thereof, together with the reauon able cost* r.r.d expenses of said sale, and also the amount to be puid^ to aaid CemmispioiiurM for their expenses and services un- dertiiisuct. UponuLchaalo,thesaidCommisBionorashallox- eruie to tho purchasers, gor.d and sufficient conveyances of the laud* co sold to them, which conveyances ahull ho valid aud efmctnal to ptiv* to the grantees therein tbo fee of the preml»esan assumed-to-be harmless treaty.j . g. P .mer of Montreal, Mr. Lemesurier of Quebec, u*nd oth- ers, are mei tionod as poetibly passengers on the Hun- garian, but there is no raliable information on the sub-Aualin.''A case is on in the Detroit Police Court, involving- thorightofafellowtotakebackthepresentshohas made toa girl, whon she sayBBhewont have him,*ad is getting ready to marry somebody elee. A young man who had disposed of about $75 worth of jewelryFritz IN G«K>NWICH sTitKKT.—The burning of a described in aaid conveyances, subject only to such iucum- and well known to the literary world as tho author of(small quantity of rubbieh in the baeemeut of Patron's brnncc-s by mortgage and judgment ai: existed thereon at tha the life of Jelicreon, has in preparation a Political His- tin e of the pastngo or thi» act.at least, ofthese gentlemen.ACADEMY OK MUSIC—Miss Patti will appear in in this way, during a three years' courtship, is on trialfM Air. Kobert Bartb a* Vhje-Conaul of the Grind Hotel, Greenwich street, Isat evening, gave rise to tho SKC 9. T h e s?.id tlomrnissioners shall each receive the «um of tory of New-York. To aid him in his purpose, valua- Martha this overing and on Wednesday. Mud. Gaz- for larceny, in invading the lady's bedroom; and seizing:^fcchjofMecklenburg,Scnwerin,atScLouis,forthe flarniintheEighthDistrict. Nodamagewasdoueto ttndollarsperdayfortheirservicesunderthisact,be:.»d«;the blehoardsofprivatepapershavebeenlaidopen,to zaiiigahasconcluded^herengagement—gooatoNQW-tho property, when ho had discovered it was to adonu another man's wi$e.\i THELOSSOFTHEHOTGAElAlf• ••': 1been ourestablished policy, to treat. Tho firstob-jection to the treaty is thus on the score of good- went out in the Hungarian on her outward trip, It f'beiiiUDg.. 3 7 5 »• 5 3 7faith and honorable dealing.The next objection is,given to suppress its publication in Philadelphia, but the dispatch seems to have failed to reach that city.]Messrs. Sabel & Searle, agents of the Grand Trunk Railroad lino in this city, re'port that the foliotving named steerage passengers were "booked" in Great Britain, and went onboard the Hungarian7. Wat. Vofir.K.s. GKO. MCDEHMOTT. 9. MICHAKL LUCKY.10. JOHN DSLANKr. 11. F. RrCHARDSOJf. 12. PAT. McGrvrjxtrx.10 a 8 7 5 5find the following:Advices from Havana of the 2<)th have been received ui the years I86ii 64 and 66—to be determined by lot, of slunk civilization." Whetner the consequences in probable were the following: Mr. Biemah, of the firm Resolved, That w e OMPOWU and repudiate the Territorial andher-?. Some excitement exists among the Americans in Havana.in consequence of a Spanish-bora American citizen i avingibeen claimed by the Spanish author'ties for milifary services, and required to furnish a substi tr.fe or pnv a c-jam of $1,000 a* commutation.Consnl Helm had demanded the mao's re'ea-e. whichand thereafter the terra of office to be six years. The Ct'mmirsioners annually to elect tjheirPresident, to re- ceive each $3,000 .-alary, to take custody of all books and property of all detcripiion now in ihe hands of the Alme-Hr-use Department, and t(; have control hence- forth of wll institutions now under control.of the Board of Ttn Governors, ^.nd of nil institutions of public cor- rection, except The HOUGO of ftefuge, Juvenile Dehn- quent Atyiuro, House of Detention of Witnesses, aad County or Sher li"t- Jail. Tho department thus created is-.tropoweied to appoint, remove and control all war- dens, obnpbdns. physicians, clerks and subordinates instore fox us under the proposed hew adjustment of our international relations with that country shall be-the annexation of its comparatively unpeopled provinces, falling t o n s in disintegrated masses, a s fast a s w e may b e able to spread. Slavery over them, or whether fchey thallcbme in the shape of a ready abs: ljirtmii of ilw area that is already covered by a prie-'t-siSden, inoeg«ei ignorant, dwarfed, and eexni-of A. Robertson & Co., and his young bride, a bister Slavery doctrine of Senator Douglas, as expounded in his lataA Southerner Murdered by hiss all itistJrnrioTis under their control. Moneys for the fiavage population, is alike ununportant to us, in a Bl&ckwell had engagements in London which wouldSlaves.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, Feb. 25. 1S60.Mi. K*;itt, Member of Congress from South Caro- lina, received a dispatch veclorthty, announcing that hid elder b;other, a physician, re3iding at Pilatka,hadpurpose- of tlie department are t-> be paid ooly afrer uppropriat'on by the Board, upon vouch*rs; first audi- tea and allowed by the Department of Finance, aud no Commissioner or subordinate is to be directly or in- directl? interested in any contract or in a n y propertyrender his leaving at so early a date all but uopeesible. There are still some grounds for hoping that all mayhave no? taken their seats, aiid i-dd fears are enter- been murdered in his bsd by some of hia negroes, who under control of the Board, The Commissioners maytained for both.TTIE HOUSE rnrNTER.almottseveredhishead frt>m h:s body. He wasat the time confined to his bid by illness.detain and employ at the Workhouse any persona com- mitted to the City Ptieon, Penitentiary or Aims-House, provided they are kept separate from paupers. TheyI.Ab«>nth»lf(ieBepnbKc*irtheldaconferenceyes- gyLterday in regard to Priuter, aad after soma pointed pas^agfa between the friends of rival intere'jti, GCD. Spiiner proposed a resoloiioq that tte person hav- ing t t e highest vote o n «be first ballot to-morrow should be adapted a« :he candidate. This contest and some of its comedians are getting distasteful toeverybodybuttho3ewhohopetoprofitbyatIrish. combinations.THE HARPER'S FERRY INVESTIGATION.Before the Harper's Ferry Committee yesterday,Mr. Steams corrected his testimony hy the follow-ir'g additionr In answer to Mr Coilamer, whoasked, " D o you approve of the Harper's Ferrytransaction?" h e said: I should have disapprovedofit,ifIhadknownit,butIhaveeiocechangedmy opinion*; I believe John Brown to be the Rep-resentative man of thi* centftry, os Washingtonwas of the last; the Harper's Ferry affair and theCopscity for self-goveri^men" sbown by the Italiansin 1659 were the great events of the age; the onewill free Europe—the other will free America; Iwish to include in rny testimoi y a copy of my letterto John Brown, datr-d Nov. 7. 1807. as evidence ofOur in,teution in sen'iin^ arms ^o Kansas:'•MY DXXH FRIKND: YVUX roo»t weJcouK' lettwof the Wth »lt. c*ai- to Land o n Saturday. 1 »iu r ry jisd to learn that after your bird vitX,it/,t,S*>y<>u B r •, '" niote coro»oitab'« <juar:ers with 2eans to risnet present expenses. i.t.t J;;Cheax from yt>u »_i o:ten Myou can, jjivinjf yonr irnpj»*~ion* of p-osin^ cvi-iit* in Kan vis. I care wsiit«n t o Woiunau (to whom t «haii inciouo thi») that, a ray Opinion, t n e Kre<*- ^t»t»v party -.hou'.d wait fnr the Horder bffiauM moves, and checktnate th«;iii as they are developed. Don't attack them ; but if tht-.y attacX jo-i. ^iv.> them Je»nie. u>d Fremont betide. Y on koow bowto.doit. Hut I th.nJc, sotq in K*n»A* and in Congrea*, if w^ ;^t th^ Democratic p»>rty try top!*? their ((am**, w e shall BiiJ th*t t!i-y w i l d" thenx'-lv^s nore bmtoi 'ban w e can io .twin, v.t* Stearn* join* -r«<- In thV s«arr>nt TefU^ct for you, an*'the hope that »>-v. y o n will turu ip lii our neighborhood. W«»reall w^;l, ^nd )<»ve only our •aire of t h e trouble that now nweepj over the land.GreatSewing:-machinePatentCase.shallappoinlaSuperintendentOftheWorkhouse,and BALTIMORE,Saturday,Feb.25,1860.• allowallpersonstobeemployedontheIslandaud The great ^awiofc-maehire patent • case of T. M- credited with a fair amount of work, and charged with Singer & Co. agt. V^m. H . Walroeley, sgent of Ladd. the necessary expense of maintenance, the balance, ifWebber & Co., which has occnoied"the"United States any, fo be paid to them on their release. The Com-District Court, before Judge Giles,nearly two months, miBBioners are empowered toimprove and build on theinvolving live patents of the plaintiffs for various Islands a.s much as they deem necessary, except thatalleged improvements in sowiog-TDUcbinp;?, was deci'ted to erect buildings'costing over §5,000 shall require t h ethis mornirrr OU.JJII the ?ix iesnPF, in favor of the de- consent of ihe Supervisors, and to bind out a» appren- fendants., .Ladd. Webster 3c Co. The eminent counsel tices all minors xyho are under tbeir control for threeing!}'.Letusknowexactlywhatweareabout. slender. WeoughtnottopursuecovertmodestoattaintheConvention.ItchargesMr.Brightwiththeinten-tionofconstructingthisplatformsoastokilloffMr.Cha'auqua.was suppressed here, and orders, w e understand, were Oorl land... J!1. Hi'OH MCCAMWIHV. 2< RrCHARD MA W>»N.141 80 156 76 168 71— The Charleston Mercury says that it sees only acheap edition of Mr. Seward*in Senator Douglas.. —The Republican candidate for Governor of Penn-sylvania is Andrew G . Curtin, n o t " Curtiss." H e is a man of ability, and his efficiency in debate was one o f the strongest claims in his favor for the nomioation. The election occurs three weeks before the great Presi- dential contest, and as the result in Pennsylvania ia always indicative of the result in the nation, Mr. C a r - tin's canvass will be watched with much interest. W et believe the only offics he has yet held, besides, perhaps, being a member of the Legislature, was that ofSecre-' tary of State under Gov. Pollock, three years ago.—The Democratic State Convention of Arkansas will be held at Lit'le Rock on the 2d day of April. The first County Convention was held a t Magnolia o n the 28th ult., for the purpose of selecting delegates to the State Convention, and among the resolutions w »national point of view. Either arrangement would.bo alike mischievous, and pregnant with ovii coaee-quenctsiIf wearetotakeMexicoatall,eitherthepart!beenthemeansofsavingsomeoftheunfortunateswhen the doomed vessel met her fate. When, how- —The Chicago Times, Mr. Douglas's organ, pub- that has population or the portion that has not, let ever, we consider that she went ashore during the lishes a very significant article upon the platform whichus ccme at the subject distinctly and understand- night, and that no trace of any of the boat* husyet is to be laid down at Charleston for the Democratic been found, our hopes in this direction are, wc confess,AHUNDRED AND SIXTY PASSENGERS, mainly, of leyofMorrow,withR.C.SmithofRichlandaaalter-course,steerage.No names have as yet been discovered.nate*ThisisMr.Sherman'sDistrict. Inthelet District (Hamilton), B . Eggleston and F . Haswrrek; and in the lid.(also Hamilton), R. M. Corwine and|JVW<.— On the contrary, Mitchell's Steam ShippingJournal of London of the 10th says the Hungarian had Joseph H. Barrett, were chosen. In the Vlltb District{Warren, Green, Clinton, Fayette, and Madimn),Trros. It is thought, both at Portland and Montreal, that Corwin and Abraham Hiveling were chosen. In th«rnot have been lost, and that the fife-boats, which er, and declaring a preference for Senator Bayard for would live in almost-auy eea, may yet prove to have the Preeidency. •FromTheTorontoLeader, Feb.23.There were on board not lees than three, and per-thority'of a questionable treaty exacted from the Talbot and liis new bride, and Messrs. Merrilt andnecessities of one cf the peripatetic, robbing fac- McKellar, are known to have been on board: audit furthermore declares that no man can be elected Presi-late, now on the causes which led to the loss of the ship.The Toronto Colojtistgives alsothe names ofthe son,WillicmWhitney,therents andinterestfor theiruse d'urirg life, and after each of their deaths, the prin- cipal to be divided amor g all his grand-children or their ig&ue.per capita. The widow of his son Henry iato have an anouity of $1,000 per annum during life, and the remaining fourth part of his estate, which would have gone to bis son Henry, is distributed amongall his grandchildren, as follows; Mary Caroline Warren, Phillips Pbcenix, Iiarrieite Whitney Bronson, StephenWhitney Phoenix, and Lloyd Phoenix, cMldreu of hiadaughter Mary; Ferdinand WTdtney Saydam, child of "ItisbelievedthaiMeters.J.P.ScW.D.Crockerli*daughterCaroline;HarriettoWhitney,CorneliaMissionaries, Mr. Francis Shanley, and Mr. Wilson, abuyer for the house of Messrs. Moffatt, Murray & Co.,as pieeumed to be on hoard.From The Bontor. Advertiser, Feb. 23." We understand that tie friends of Qapt. Harlow of Roxbnry, Mase., formerly master of ship jkingtishor,are fearful that he may have taken passage by the Hungarian, as be was expected to start for home aboutSteuben6 10 5 6 5r>716 15 21 10 19 14 1 4 9. 7 SDelawwe.. aP'raakliu... 10Fulton.... 4JtflernoD.. 17Montgomery 5Oiionc»pa........ 12Pcbuyler —StLawTcnre 22 6 •25 3 29 __9 611 4 11 7 t 9 6 < 13 4i oawww.fultonhistory.comii'iwiiniiiiin 