 "I g;has nothostileas having occurred with equal uniformity in their annualrgireBto the affUr, tt is srid wB m- 'leslinalioa, in aceoitfaOM with thawbh aU the stwteata, ofaS^jrnjjwa^TwBPKiteAT. imo. MwMia Faculty.The steamer John P. Kinr, just completed fortine—or Hi ren^a fireak af 'yepdu e^priee.tt-mittmiinTi^nSimSSrtt&B iiuiH Btm^mLtiM inooliiing Bepubllcaa^f pD-|#fm..,.,.^.He brilevw tliat is fliatno invasion of Ihe Stat^ and that the laws wBl beMM•ywrernment—an actualof the coimtry for the purpose of compelliagobedience to its laws, and of defending itself progress of population, or its products. The ^wer should never be surrendered, the actual CmnirtdgeTDUS (Dillr) li>•« •*«i*«-PriMTw«OnRt.Mrr«d«tnt mr-TOBK|«Mk, aalM Sis Dmuw kTMr.that ofnnionlsts, both in and out of to nn- Congress,:2b MTMB **•embodimentof the feroeratio to population, there is no prog-Wilraot Provisomightdra M«*t«to (M ailTCM fcrnn"DouAM.RepublicanParty,eariesfromtheNotth«nfltataa.We find copied into the llatiomtlmmt w • Cii* tTWMfa u4 WM% «nt>o01«l>J »»«ti «*tt» U>w«*exceptflcMrto* •f •»«» 1«^ tutmmr B(1>«Q*1«.Mm. la wn«P«. of the Police force to 1,800 was made the spe-scouted the shallow ofutteriy theory peace-hasbeen do increase for many yearsislative interference with Slavery in the Ter-oflSrt^^ijfe tteaglUOonattte North wlUefc .xSTUrpWe know tliat in tU* cmmty tkt Demtcrmit imt i*.' The New-Orleans Delta has extracts from feaUHydtelarti.yfoK tkt itamp mtdmttapi^tfgi^ff-H—BI0S4W m.It was a plain,Their de- Massachu- setts lias not so many fitrmers as she had fiftyAboUtliatilai ^n^lm^k'WUHtm Omnrt. ^ATONALACADEMY,Tenth-«tr«et—Amims'foss 104andproduce ports. In the commerce of the country one instances filing upon the guard-houses. These hare done It—tkt Nonktm> or PAnrenios aiid Statuabt.or FOTB ABTS, No. 6» B««dw»»—DOi-0AUAKT—jABTn' COLLBOTIOB. °3S^'paper.Transactions in Flour were more extensive, and^i»Oit FABTOBae.teringconstmiption,general popular rejoicingover theevent,We futenbeing the authors of our ralaiaitlf "rfailures." These same correspondents assert that the dying wordsNCrVirSto be "deadcidftltdsPuwBiA. of Kentucky, providing for the appohit-Slaveryia tkeTerritortos. more- PractieaQy,waold be loit^^-hgr it. AnOne of the finest towns of Massachusetts is an out-prodigiouswealth. The prize is a greatonc, and service. Calamities,accordingto tiieadape^mMamount of values into consumption.to aay nothing of an atnobst innumerable fleet worth, perhaps, the risk of investment, and the never come singly. Even invlsiUe a emJea gof a Sel^t Committee of thirteen on the Statenothingof theSoioa, was paased, and the presiding officergrowth of an improvement by Bieuow, in theittle trouble required in the way of invention seem to make war npon the disimionists ;aad'denies positively that negotiations areor can ever be In progress commenced, for the sale of'v.ie^and thatbe overlooked bemadeeitherthe main inquiry has been for something thatofcapital or art ; that of the North is the result ofbrag.'.'^,-^!S^.'^*'"^«'"8'"for andItaly GiJUBAI.-arrangaunts govemmeatsuchaItisanicepoint^LT^^*^atCooperInstitutelasteve^.atfirm andpartookfumptuou*«)«X,who presided, Mr. Lcth» B. Mamb B«t' Dr. tooBCocK, Bev. J. C. Flwhim „"? oth^,!manifestorobe to settle amongst themselvesthat such a scene as that of last Mondaysympathy with their cause, were clamation.*he diflcnltT in the Medicalwhere science and artmayquartered in the classic council chambers.The most awlaUnnsourclUwa^ il^ Ui, u^ ^^Z^J^IZAjfBJnns.ThessieeawiSaSSHm-OKTHEDAY.limited. Bates on lower.Freightto BritishportsThe members of the South Caroluip State Con-The NewThe Senate has entered upon the task ofOminocs.—^The new line of ateaiaen be- putinthemouthofWalkerbytheHondur- tweenBostonandChariestonlar party in Nicaragua are said to be relying. course between this City and Soothei*It is superfluous to stigmatize all this as The discoungement'bf atoerage travd hy the-' pure stuff and invention. We have in New- uniform retuiwof the emigrants is not ralne'York letters published and private as late as lated to enlargdreceipts fropi tbe transporta-any received in New-Orleans, none of which tion of that class First ^qf passengers.afford the least confirmation of these stories, travelers, in the present exasperated c which in themselves bear abundant evidence of Southern (eeling, are also rare ; tte iTentioo reached Chaileston at 1 o'clock yesterdayWithin theof one the whole population. There are there no vast hundredians, were fabrications that what the chief last week, enterprise la ; th^JoiCH 1|A0KATH offered a resolation, whichthority of the Federal Government as proper-ty. Fugitive slaves are to be paid for if res-cued— to reimbnrae the owner, and Congresslook to the county where the rescue occurs for reimboTsement. And sundry iresh guaran-InthesedayssciencerealizesthefobleofCad-mus by supplying in abundance the conditions— upon which increase of population dependsof falsity. If the Government of Nicaraguapleasureand healthseeking popalatiaB, ^de the special order for to^layof theiriiich treats of the Federal ftogtitjstrength demonstrations,follow the retreating sommer Southward, represented poning this season, for ^thcdeaome|tothat partPresident'swhich aretit *tBMilh Carolina. He desired that it tktiM be referred to a Committee, to inquiretees are to be given for the security of-SlavetyezlraaMif commerdalteflnenea ia ttaa.aA*. proved by actual oount of the bales, packages revolutionary plans which are said to be verse to the prosecution of a aoooeaiM bwl^"^gencer ofaa artiele fi«v Intelltgeneer, Maryraad,«aof theploymentsupplied in t^e greatest abundance,,under all circumstances. Mr. JoHN- Slavery north of the designated line.million dollars invested in a manufacturing es- tablishment repeats itself many times in thewhich isshameful insufficiency of accommodation forour Courts of law, has at length produced acollision between the Supreme and SuperiorCourts, not creditable, we may say, to either,nor tending to elevate their dignity in the eyesof the people. The Superior Court, part a large circle of relatives and friends, to moumhia£nWionof Tennessee, also made .a speech, rs- ferriof to resolutions introduced by him last week,But there can be no objection to the discus- sion of this proposition. It is not an easythey so rich in all the elements of wealth.In—partment of the TiMSS, but Cliling healtii eom-fa which he declined the right of a State toand denied that Tennessee would stand by theUnion. Duringthedebate,Ur.and Without a variety of industries there can be little or no increase of wealth, except in simple ratio to increase ofofVer- mcnt, took occasion to correct many impressionshe tookin reference to the Personal law Libertyas this or without exam-of that State. In the House, a letter was read from Mr.importanceCollaxkb,stitution of kind, and we may rest as- anysured that one of so muchwill not beyear agoupsecede,increased valuepropwrty,no event can they finally lose the trade nowenjeyed with all parts of the country. Theworst that stares them in the face is the inter-ptlled him to seek a milder climate, and nearly ae*^«».bdNorth aodSoath, and will leaome hU place in thecided certain grara and impsrtaat princlpbs —toatemMawehaaetta,now worth for en*.Treasurer " at The increase 1100,000. proposeddestruction.'iHe in agriculture or in the arts. There recreancy to duty, give an assurance that leg-The plctare of InsecnrltT t» oorr«<.»Money easier to be had on tirst-class strong,Compromise.ly too sweeping to aecnre the assent of three- added anumber to the population of enteringtransport annually—to their adoption. We do not see, indeed,fzom a portion of the Georgia Legislature, was re- tion or of any party can be counted upon for istence to the the power-loom,Carolina, and the share to wliich that Statewoold be entitled upon a dirisim among th«ftltnt Adocnment,porportingtobeanaddress uponwhatgroundtheassentofeithersec- MillionsinEngland,to-day,owetheirveryex- gateto be worthpMfttillsthe only $160 ton,thespinning-jenny, cenad. and laid on the table, without reading. such a measure. The Republicans might pos- and the process of puddling-iron. GoooTXAa,commerce between this City and Massachu- Walker. So long as men of desperate for- Messrs. Srorroan & Tujsroa, took fire attar setts is of corresponding magnitude. Three tunes can be found to undertake desperate en- wharf, and was entirely eonsumed. AtaBoatdepart terprizes, therewillberepeatedeffortsto atthesamemomenttheJamesAdgtr,offtedaily, heavily laden with, the manufactures of the States of Central same line, was run into in the harbor the subjugate tempting byor imports going into that State. In addition America, where the resources of nature need propeller Robert Cuyler, of the SavaanakAfter some other business of no special import- sibly vote for a restoration of the Missouri—for the ef- to-day. ^ fectofsuchameasurewouldbetoassertthehow to combine India-rubber withstdphur, became the progenitor ef thousands, fast first-class steamera arrive andance, the ConTentioB adjourned until 11 o'clock line precisely as it stood in 1868,Congress yesterday seeineJ more disposed to old doctrine, and back to the landmarks of and, time,gomeat the agitating questions l>efore the country in the Constitution. It would be an overthrowa pcaetieal manner, than on any previous occasion doiiag the present session. In the Senate, espe-in ofhundredsoftitouaands,evenif he had not left a lineal descendant.In the commerce of flie country he are numerous is to-day a larger figure than the State ofand steamers of and was ply- onlythenumberless appliances skillatthe trade,oftheDredScottopinion,andareadjustmentonwas the case. The resolution of Vr. the basis that Congress has the power to prohibit Florida, as his improvement sends a ingpropellersso seriously damagedaa te service of American civilization to produce need very extensive repairs before mwniili^over•difitlowd gnamtae w«ald be givea afilnatwas authorized to select its members. The ceiB- Oe iBtrodnetloB of Slavery north of 36° SC, manufacture of carpets. By a process thating or depreciatory tone. We desire to main- the glittering object. hastens to confirm the prescript ef non-intertain our Southern relations undisturbed but At present the whole business must course, and the violence with which pestilenoe ;position of the Committee will be locked for with while no a^ditiooal eMMFaotee would be given-~the reMtatioo, Mr. Lais, fotr^mn-enables one man, assisted by machinery, toibe greatest interest. Prtrions to the paiaM ol ht-fMoT of Slavery south of that line. Thea he em-perform the labor of hundred, gives as Southern tell these are to be in doubt. If seces- unseats and thequestion of Slavery north of it would be final-to ten times the number of those if, people us, be wrapped vexatiousthose enjoyingclothing, fitaias. On motion of Mr. Dodglab, it was re- decision was given. Bat when it is proposed shelter and luxuries, which are Uie prodact ofto learn that Alixanbib fgr- Hash, Esq.,of suspension in this particular line of busi-ness ; for there is no doubt that Mr. Lincoln, the 6th inst., at St. Augustine, Florida, where he when he shall take the oath to see the laws had been living for some months. He was a na- enforced, will do so with much more resolute tive of Scottsville, Monroe County, in this State, intentions than probably prompted Mr. Bc- where his parents still reaide, and graduated at&e CDANAK,wheninaugurated.Uponthewhole,UnivereityofVermontin1838.Hestudiedlawinied to the Select Committee. Itr. Cbittinoihregret3^i2St^b«^the ri^MhW fhttbM. aad that they Intend to i^st upon their objects tlOO per aeie, wonld not be wotlli 95 j% executed- Mr. Liscolii and his friendspopulation at the North, which is going on at is intended practically to reestablish the Missouri tion, and add to it an express guarantee for fold. The whole progress of society lies in the a rate exceeding 600,000 annually, would soontoCompromise line, declaring that Congress shall the protection of Slavery south of the line by not interfere with Slavery where it alreBdy exists,for the faithful execution of the Federal authority, and to extend all this to the providing Fugitiveof Kentucky, then submitted a proposition, whichengraftart, his consumption has increased a hundredmrrly of this State, died suddenly of apoplexy oaSlave law, etc. He preceded its introduction with Pacific, the Republicans will hesitate.ther — required argumentof la-has increased from 13,000,000 to 19,000,000. Thevalueofthetradeofthis6,000,000ofin-matter toaccomplishamendments ef the Con-Yerr little other nnioD issue. It suits thepurposesof apor-capital,Department of theof ac-Potsdam,this compromise upon the Constitu-population. Thenumberofnegroes,as Bepresentativs from that State, of which ha has ining it in all its bearings. If the Southern the great property South, increases fromruption of a mere fraction of it.Ltt themroom or hall in which to hold Trial Term, procured theWaSHBCBX, Of Maine, announcing hisadopted hastily,second, finding itself without anyloss.Mr. Mann had a clear, wsU-dlsciplined mind,resignationtake counsel from thestrengthof theirposi-been chosen Governor. Mr. Stetkhs, of Washing- States manifest a willingness to accept it, that but their value, head, tion, rather than from their fears, which have year to year ; perthe Common Council of aresolution granting to it for use the General cordial warmth and liindliness of heart which gaveton, aud Mr. Otkbo, of New-Mexico, introduced will be a reason for at leaat avoiding its hasty remains the same. One plantation is been aggravated by the most absurd state-strong politicalresolutions relating to aflairs in ttose Territories,which were appropriately ref rred. Mr. McCler- rejection. Time will be gained at all events, no more valuable because another is openedSAUD, of Illinois, attempted to make a personal explanation in reference to an article published in the JUinou Journal, but the House refused to hear him. Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, called upments, framed on purpose to excite their ter- rors, and which have had the greater infiu-in which him a hold on the esteem and iBsctiaa of—and with that will come a morerational temper on the part of the South, and a greater chance of settling the controversy onequableof it. of thepres- ent presiding. No provision whatever was made by the resolution for the accommodv tion ef the Court thus ejected out of its owntoand an admirable In such a state of statement ef the dis-argu-ment is exhausted," and that the honor, signment of this room, the pleasing and dig- ened sUte of the time* and flieir dMnrlfnaUnn to dialSenatorSenator Wads's speech, on Monday, was a of population.theyto disgracefultimid Northern politicians concessions of principle thanCourtmainhigathojam. Gen.Fiosi,Inabrieffdl»Bii»«ed tlw troapa, sillWade's Speech.quite equalanyJewelry have deaaed It bast, owing to tbe atialght-andTheir value Is ia exact crops they produce.ofthelatterCourt,isat—Southern trade.tendencymoved to lay it on the table for the transaction of accomplished by these amendments of Mr. at all, as the less from the exhatution of the PoLicT or THE Republicans. The hastyin the resolution introduced by him on Momiay, de- a fair and equitable basis. But we have very has a directThe ticsto reduceTecognixes property in slaves. Mr. Suebman little hope that anything substantial will be plantations only slowly increase in value, ifclaring amongother things that the (Constitutionprofits.soil, which is constantly going en, is probablyThk Secession Pbonunciamik.nto ^The True ——on behalf ofother business, with the understanding that a directvote should l>e taken on it on Monday next. TheHouse refused at first to table it, but finally didso by vote of 88 against 81. The Pacific Bail-road bill was then taken op, but it beijg decidedthat it must go to the Committee of the Whole, timelyCbittendin.declaration of the Secessionists in Con- 'the organization of a Southern contract the moment Congress should put the Oot- and to speak of it as marked by vehemence of ulation after the [territory, according to the honest convictions of those whose names areno progress was made on it.business was done. A letter from >lir. FoBD was tion of the Press to style it a warlaid before the House, propoainc to surrender bis manifesto,bb no increase inenuBent Printing Office into operation, as the re- <lwed.pdcee were not remunerattTe.ThMlMVship Etna, &om Liverpool on the 5th,4ig|A^|l|Mqftown on the 6tb inst., arrived at thisfohyiSioaj. Her advices have been partly an-ddfated bj the B4A*mia» OS Cape Bace. The statement of the position of the North, and of reason that there is no more room nunciation of their oaths of allegiance, weNothing unjust,who read it in the Tncis of yesterday have seen. It was a plain, temperate and truthfulof South desperate and determined resolve Carolina, North Car- apparentlyAaa^fidnfs £t6,mbl specie; and as we learnthat £UO,000 were iUppad bv the AtlwMic, whichleft OB the 6th: £300,000 by ti>Bi>.(rna, which Ufton the 8th, and £3,S00 by the Bonutia, which left in every reapect, with the vulgar, insolent from increase in the price of their and self-sacrificing conduct,on the 4th,—there appears to have hem a total of and of Ivibsov and oth- staples, which is an accidental matter, than ever mistaken it may be in its objects. But£410,000, or over two millions of dollars sent from disgraceful speeches men continue to sit in coun- were ten or With so long as thesein this similar conditions they will be no richer fifty cil with those whom they declare controversy.cuffing the 8th of December. The fii^cial arti- cles quoted from the London Press, and pabliahed elsewhere, will be read with interest. They give detailsoftheadvicesto be the im-' Senator Wadk rendered a substantial ser- years hence. Wealth results from wealth— placable foes of their country, and draw theirother hand, the Superior Court, with its heavyThe already briefly telegraphed. pouticsl intelligence is unimportant. It isin land andthe Soath reaiilts frtnn labor unaidedatlord to be too par-ingvails ta Hungary. The official jouni2 of Vienna principles in thestated, on good that authority,at the political game Nothing could be better cal-the Com- Council to assign the room in question,great agitation pre-Korth as weB as in the South cannot very wisely or safelyby Thethat they are.only playing "ticularmonortheaccepting professional courtesythe foolish madness and absurdity of the dis- union movement It was in admirable contrast,for the kind of peculiarlabor richer,i**ae and much relief to the mer-Oreat Britain to the United States during the week ers, who have professed to speak for the dis- they twenty years ago.The Sugar Market wa* unchanged. The newwas In. The stock wa* 4»,0»0 Iwxes. crop comingTke St. I<«Bia Brtgaae.St. Monday, Dee. IT. Locu,the soath.W«S !••a detachment of the Natleaal Oasida le- celved by -^-union StatesvicetotheSenateandthecountrybyremiad- frominvestmentscalendar and pressingboth that there are men, and interests and invested onlylabor. The wealthperhaps,in examining the right ofTheBt. Louis Brigade returned from western borJer jrestenhiy morning. Theyisfor the(hatmay theofbylabor. nponAA tbw NaSaaA<rf tA»taea^talSSi!^ !l'*"J!!S.S"Sr"*«'"«'^ by Hon. JoaS A destruction of this Confederacy. Stherto, progress; the Nerth none. What can a plantarthe anmber ofand a sales of resolutions, expressing AiieriiM to have been assumed that if we could only Nothing. He must spend hla surplns North, or intended by'^^'^^"^ congratulation to the Itali«iwin appease and satisfy the South. It seems plantation andhis labotersthose who have set It forth. however, that it will fail to movepeopleadopted bv ac- '»ever be renewed Not many again.8aiei4» at Watertevrm. WATiaiovB, N. Y., Tue»d»y, Dee. 18.Mew-Tork University, arising out of an unpleasant rights, interests, sentiments and opinions of tastea. But if a planter could invest his mo;Tommany HaUand unless new Courtof the racaky, and Dr. Atlitti, a tutor connectedwith the teaulted m theCoUege,iias withdrawal ofVt. Atlitti, who Inves for the SouthcciD^anied by about a dOMB students. Prof Oka- He does nothi* plantation, he might double or treble of the Republican Party to be magnanimous andit wo—uld behare createdtrust,member of either House from the line of weeks ago, one of our highest tribunals was J. 8. McChbsiikt, of New-York, formerly ofin prolTered for her acceptance and that the everything4b ascertain what desired,eageriyEurope,oritsgrant.for theof a gentlemen but Guard Armory,dinaer at Bamum"* Hotel aad otteradoption Into the actualof Iho Oovem- forhave no power, in either branch ofWeanywhich reason, honor and justice point out.OOiiMUiDdeoea betwem Prof Dbapib, the Dean the Northern States were to weigh absolntely ney in a cotton factory, on or adjoining Sitisy manifestly the duty as weU as the policyan The was understanding. speech goodandwehavenodoubtit will a good efiect.in the Cotton States.Wheat was restricted by the advanced claims of ments of Prodaction North aad Sonth. population are slaves, the cost of whose main-prices were ScS 15c.VThe Relative Degree of Wealth and Ele-In these, one-half of thesaid to have been powerless to repress tbematter. Thebbl. higher. Business in holders. Com was in fair demand, and was a tri- |or punishand when, after the newsagttatiao might go OBSttksHaAtenance does not exceed one-tenth that of an Whisky were more freely purchased—Cotton and products of the industry of Massachusetts en- equal number of persons North. The con-of theexecution haddoomsdaynegroes never read the northern papen, aor ifle dearer. Cotton, Sugars, Provisions, Hay andperto exceed four-fold|Pork were firmer. was TheWhisky cheaper. intomovements in most other branches of trade werebeen received, attempts were made to stimu- Northern orators. They read these tldagaCWe have shown the value,head, of thegreatFillibuster'sinventivefaculties of man. No fur- make up any loss. Since 1860 the populationis to establish our of the Northern States, not including Missouri,menpremisesthesuperiorproductivenessbor in Massachusetts over South Carolina, and•apatchfiillofconciliationandlovefortheUnion. NorcantheS'.Sau drew a parallel between the remarks ofHr. CsiTTESDZN and thoee of Mr. Wiotall of give the scheme their concorrence without to the estimated. The wealth of the crease is vastly greater than that of all thegreat bodyoftheDouglasTexas, and wiohed to Itnow which gentleman re-presentedthesentimentoftheSouth. Mr.Savls-BCKT, of Delaware, responded that so far as eignty,his State was concerned, she was for the cenceding to Congress the right to control of the State outside the limits of the City. A No people in the world are in such an inde-surrendering —principlePopularthe ^nor theof BreckinridgeSover- menwithoutA City likedegreeformer is in vastly greater ratio.Lowell adds millions to the value of the landsSouthern States, as we shall take future occa- sion to show.^ CorRTSANn'JuDOEs15 OfenContest.1843, whenhe tookof other kinds of the products of the soil.alongsideto thatcrease, kind,ence from theexaggeratedand false notionsof numbersla this dt^oae way;tbey will for (ome time to came,bunals as to which could first seize the doors of what at ether time* th*y vroold aeU only by tkeThese districts are norespect which is always due to an honorable apart course of how-procurement of the ousting resolution from Tbe Spanish Bank bad been aofiiorised toodMeat tto peoplede-(aeturf^ popottiioa. llAmMl OterHe ttltOl^fleii^lMaitatcaWeiem tMr jMmria andfor to aOicia, aaaentiag ttewith awent on her first trial-trip on Monday, took fire at ment. In spite of menaces or hostility from Soch lands to-day are not worth two dollars to pass laws prohibiting Slavery in the Terri- present excitement in Use Sootlr to feata ani^'SForroBDATiliston'sCharlestoaline,andwhichCongress, Mr.BucKAHAa'sMeeaagetrh^dti»(Oitr her dock. Pier No. 4, N. R., at 4) o'clock on Tues- any quarter.day morning, and was almost entirely consumed. Mr. WAoa wasnothing bat the shell of her former splendid huU re-mrt —equally explicit on another chnsette the pooreet lands in Soath CarDliaa,secession. He gave the Dis- aad they would be woilli a hundred dollars their seats. If, however, they>^>l*e* UM maining. She was towed from her berth, and finally pointshalla preponderance in both branchi!s will be givenpoUeysparsepopulation.,able secession, and exposed in a very strikingfor the Central Park Loan of $333,000 were and ridiculous light the frivolous character of Yorlcor New-England, yet a wonderful in- sensitive opponents of Slavery will not nowcisl order for the next on meetingpastcreaseFriday. I»ls opened yesterday. The Sinking Fond takes |SM,- Ithepretextsurgedfor dissolution.inthecitiesandtowns. Theprogresscontend that suchlegislationOOO at par and the balance, $39,000, is taken in email amounts, at a premium ranging from 1 to 4 per cent.In the criminal Courts, yesterdsy was a (/t«>non.troubles.and which tpaeehM"rl'aiMiIn the and OyerJamis indicted Dbaki,of three prisoners who pleaded guilty. In the 900,000.fTmiTBB Hwni im Hnmir-Tai United States Circuit Court, before Justice Bcna, South. It wUl teach both sides that the mo- whole of this increase is in the cities and theirWalkerism in Nicaragua.the Fowler de&lcation case was set down far mentous issues involved in this disunion suburbs— asoulofitintheold hardlyjufTott, Ouu if tkt RtpmUirmt wtre titrttttlti|sensiiiveness to kftAimEU/S.XlkkAattooB-Xmonia otherfinancialnews,reversingtheorderofMon-rdown to 62^'S61^. State Stocks about the same as on Monday at the close. Foreign Exchange,;their eznectsllon* are so exeiiad thlt aroused to vloleoce, we are told tkatt^ rIn the the Blank-wmiU httttt littrlf, tt ptrmittti t»\Thursday.man will contest was further oftheattestingwitnessesbeingsworn.The Stock market manifested yesterday more are certain grave and serious facts which must Massachusetts sends annually into commerce af Truxlllo was theSurrogate's Court, proceeded with,one scheme are not to be settled by frenxy.ea the districts.'rumors tnsn foreign orsignalveryleaderoftbepaiteiaMe ence of some negroes, wiw were —-•'1m by, f(^ flU 'sumption by the poor jvhites in the Cottonin the two States will compel to such a con-clusion,withoutthesupportofavoucheror'a whocomposeonlyaverysmallfractionoflate athey proved, so far as Nicaragua was con-craUc papers, and bear them froB DenuMiMtB |_were that of the same number in South Carolina.A mere description of the agencies employedforeignafternoon, and were received by the citizens and devising a compromise for the settlement of acres in the City of Lowell are agencies at manufacturing establishments, the consump-militarr, and with a salute of fifteen gtins. The the Slavery question. A Select Committee on work which, assisted by 15,000 laborers, more tion of ^hich exceeds that of thousands andCSonvnttioo met at 4 o'clock, and immediately pro- the subject was ordered in Uiat body yester- than one-half females, for tens of thousands of individuals. The value produce generalparta.teded to business. . A Committee of [seTen was day, and Mr. Cbittzkdzh submitted a series of consumption fabrics exceeding in value more of coal, iron and cotton imported and con- "to prepare an address to the people of amendments to the Constitution, of which the than one-half the whole exports of South sumed annually in Massachusetts will equal States. Committees were also ap- leading feature was the adoption of the Mis- Carolina. Two Lowells, consequently, are the whole exports ofSouth Carolina. The entire "On relations with the SlaTeholding souri Compromise line extended to the Pacific. of moment than this in com- population of the United States could not do—SaBttnu," and " on the Constitution of the Stats." South of it slaves are to be protected by au- South Carolinas rolled into one.greater State^*0n Foreign Belations," On Commercial North of that line Slavery is to be prohibited mercial affairs. Philadelphia is a dozenthe workin the State of MassachuECtts. All this has to be supported and maintained, as well as the hands that tend upon it.figure.compassthej^really did say, was to promise other Walkers to ysis of trade, involving a loesifCaaBeaaOtA^ arise from his blood. On this hope the popu- ferent nature threaten to emfaanaaa^hMtar*food, clothing and shelter.migration.Fiiigfatsin tta ia»- pIt is the nucleus around which, as their vital principle, great.An improvementwhether the United States, after South Carolina and for the immunity of the domestic Slave- in the manufacture of iron rendered possible and tons of merchandise. Every kind of collat- waiting for nothing but foreign aid.Everyhall have si^eded, can enjoy such property con-the construction of railroads, iron ships, and in fact, all the great works of the day, Its ia- ventor proved to be more prolific, and hasness in tranaportatien aad'Vnt for tte maM ;with the dignity and safety of the State.The reaolntion also proposed an inquiry as to thevdw of the property of the United State* not in fourths of the States, the number essentialto the same conclusion.The seven Railroadsintelligenceliatentlycommunication would be UmpatarQj icdaeei. It is curious, aad to the supentitioaa per-in the States, and in the District of Columbia,trade from interference.In our opinion these propositions are entire-eral testimony bearing upon the subject, forcesThe truth is, this ridiculousless designed for the general marketthan for the private and special aims ofthe fillihtistera. Gen. Walker was 'the haps ominous, that at audiaggregations of men gather.light.largerEngland and the United States, than all the families of the conatry in which he was bem.by teachingratio All in- is so much competition, whichJudge Leonard,fimningpiopeaea,the acre in South OaroUna. Locate in M>issa- tories, so long as the Senators and Represen- surrection. The President tmtrteAtstlves from the more Southern States tkahet, retain and proceeded to aacribe aU tiieae aaftfealBiscuttif d nesr the Battery, not sinkbig, however, sufficiently deep to protect her from destmetlon. Themachinerywillbesavedinadamagedstate.cost about and is forShe 1162,000, insured $100,-In various offices.COO City The James Aiger, ofthe same line, on coining to her dock yeatefday,fully confirmsthetruthjking was also slightly damaged by fire accidental- for doubt that they will insist npon (treaerving reach theirs. Charleston has not sn many strengthen the friends of the Union in the that we have said on the subjeci Inapeil''came in collision with the R. k. propellerderstand that the Gov- peoplelepudthisasathe acre.Asthereis noprogressSouthinwealth,to the and in that event ainreae in Southern cities, except in ratio to theCuyler,susuining considerable damage. The ship Vi- against assault. Nor did he leave any room moment these r aoh their climax, the cities exercise of it may be waived ; and that to subject, whichly communicated hj a neighboring steamer's ithe Union aad maintaining the integrify andBecause South, the dominant Northern majority might, ing of the President'sinhabitants aa it had. in 1860. Why ?The Board of Supervisors met yesterday, and supremacy of the Cktnatitution against any Sonth Carolina has made no progress, either without a sacrifice of principle, and without jo"urnal sayssmoke-pipe.fixed by resolution the bond of the " County force that may attempt theirremarks. thisMan'^^ •»~»-'"P• »-is necessary to Democratic P»ty U UK tme aearee ofmuit^{,:in the of New- ritories will not be resorted to. agricultural populatio%In all this there was nothing offensive,— of the North, in accordance with the of the preservation of ttie Territories free ; spiritIttstae Democnllcbare eadtad our nagnis. Thsv wnraler;<'its friends in the South, every consid- nuamS-T*lUua«•awiolUUTbusinesstransactedintheCourt. IntheGeneral littledoobtthatitwinmakeasalutaryim- great. Since1860thepopulationofNew-Northtoforbear. thesnceea*oftbeRepnblicaaswooU'briar<ta^nothing defiant or calculated to woand the justthe age, is in the mechanic arts. velopment collects men in masses.since the enactment of such a latr could only serve to weaken the bonds of the Union, andanyUiing fnm the Noctherasensibilities of Southern men.tion* of freedom iiave Itnan gitiiod Uui^ih lisiaiiisslh k».> tK- vt-]Terminer,for assaolt and battery, pleaded guilty, and wasSessions, the only transaction was the sentencing pression npoa the public mind both NorUi and Tork has increased Almost thesource*. Th-^ ip,^]^ <l>n>iilieiSlj^^S"clear statement ofsent to the Penitentiary one month. Vo other direct but courteous language. We have very years ago, though a population four times as eration of policy and justice calls upon the usenloas aboutunquestionable facts,inparalyze—onesidenorpanicontheother, tiiatthere Asapeopleproduce,sotheyconsume. If thatthenewsofthelandingoftheFillibustersbe taken into the account, and that the sooner merchandise and fabrics worth $195,000,000, thusiastic demonstrationsday. New-York Central sold up to 75, and down the South ceases to bnUy and the North to she takes as much from those who purchase aguan Liberals. Parties of them paraded the who hear the taieendlary deelarstioBf of tMte-M^politicalthe Nlcar-MUaiO HALL-8o>ai ahb Durou >T at the close to 73 ; Illinois Central up to 65 and crioge,the sooner will they be likely to come to and consume them. If her exports exceed streets cheering the name of Walexb, and communicate them to tlw test o( tso must her im- person in this, consequently, is equal tq fourthe vaJue of the cottonIfeeyu tkt Irut agitmtimi texhibitions of sympathy the Government is qfowtnuUt. Let the re«pontlb(Uty rest wham itft^ long*. TheNorthern agitators harehadboIm^lacrop,cryingGovernment,and domestic merchandiseers.upon them, tberetme, the chaige ttStates ofandfabricsisverysmall. Themoneyofthe South is spent by planters and merchants,daily performed by machinery runningfarmingletters written in Nicaragua, in regard to theexpedition and death of Walker. They state maKry owr daufhlen. It wa* only a tnr dlfa jBut we believe that, while the claim of constitutionalcerned,death to theand in some|;untilwithout oer i aaybuiirytoThe comparative estimates we have made,will bear the closest analysis. The conclusionis necessarily inferable from a mere statement all the principal towns of the Republic, it tnt state of trade are of eoaise of the agencies and capital employed. It is must lack all power to resist still bolderBoston 2,000,000tonsofmerchandise. Ifweestimatevalue isa sumex-and coastwise, of all the Southern States. The$300,000,000,ceeding the value of the exports, both foreignofgreatercaution,whomakefillihuster- ments,shoulddestroytheipopertyefHm i£m a matter of speculation. The schemes shippers. Yesterday mon^i^, the ataaoNh^ of these persons have not perished with John G. King, just completed for Om ttM Ofandlarger tirefyaaed fgr the tran^ortation of,freight,between itsportsNew-Tork,and eu-more thangreatlyof sailing veaaelB.We make these comparisons not in a boast- to keep Southern cupidity directed towards seeing the promptitude with which accidentpursuesId a Conrention of ly settled by act of Congress ; and south of it whose labor he superseded. Food may be suddenly severed, it is well to cast about us to sion be accomplished, involring Louisiana, justify the conviction that the Southern exo-what shall the people inhabiting the Territories would bekSHtb,'to be followed by a General " " to exclude lert perfectly free admit or theshould forever be lost, we should still havefillibusterism not be the if omenmay guil- £g>'pt. May omen, it is, beIlofaUlthe States, fur consoltation anding outrageour commerce and trade, that can be taken calmer counsels obtain, and Louisiana re- from us by no contingency. The increase of mains in the Union, there will be four years^ ^_ I against the policy of coercing seceding Nebraska, before the Dred Scott opinion or he did a thousand in years ago ; yet— Death or a New-Yorker ik Flobqa. Woandit never rise above the levelyetaction. The proposition also commits institution, just as they were in Kansas and of barbarism. A man to-day eats as much as left to us nine-tenths of the present volume of ty of with perfect impunity. If, however, avrrted.conspirators, itmi^t see what remains. If the Southern States it is hard to say what excesses of dar- dus is to be preceded by plagues like those oTpendent position at the present moment as those of the Northern States. Never wereit was into the I>raM> mergedincrease in value from that gress to their constituents, that "our that the MaBotalenn ef advertising columns,manner, and by hostility to the South in its ideas or necessities of the South, is fatty ec- signed to it so long as they retain their seats tone. could b« mere as those cupied. There has been no increase in the in Congress. If they had followed up thisof the Court-room and take posseasion of the Bench.As the Superior Court must have knownthat the Court was in actual occu- Supremewholesale and to jobber*.I.ater lyaa BsTaaa*easternolina, or Virginia, for a long time past, for the byportionsNiw-OauAjra. Tuefday, See. 1*.;necessity could not,•a.A ait, assistedSouth have aeeeeeaiy Umito imposeddo with his nwney ualeae he enlargea hisfrightenin the scale. BIr. Wasicherishes different sentiments on this subject. ita vahie. Two or three fwtories would ooncUiatorynothingevident^the recent Presideatial render paita of it too valuable fi>r Rant- be said or done to Irritate; everythingSu- Cona, TBe«dsy,Pea>l». may soon expect to have decrees of the BAuroaB, *"" ''to-day, ac-fIS, who rerigned his posttiOD ia c^nsequeace of election as haviog been nwrol^ » ItoUda^r f«8- ing, petowards the South. Nothing should should bedated from the Uug.Prof. SAxrEL Euoi was, rrerideat »f Ttiait^ Cett|l«>thisregardpreme Court, General Term,that cangratifyhis sensee or bisSt. LawrenceCounty,committedsatelde at this place last evening by taUng opium.commodations be immediately provided, we ElecdeH ef Prerfdeet ef Trlaltye^BegB,^wt^U{9 tsnuf (hewmm^^V^^9f(t» backp«ijor8of thef^wteircittPf i«(othingsMestr*. Geo. R. one of ths uliliM iM DswRnrs* Co.,most responsible booses in the trade, anaooaee Oatbut in ratio ple require and no increase in pop-morningbut capital South can besalaries from the National Treasury, they mnst excuse us if we indulge the suspicionbusiness, had urgent for accommodation somewhere, andUntitled Documentlota4agfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of a scramble between the dignitaries Confederacy," will not be regarded as the and officers of two of our highest judicial tri-the of their offices and the re- resignaiioBM The steamers S/aro/ the West and J ^aiculatedIntothis apparentlywrong done to the Supremebyof taryaddres*,not ta be- f lieve that this efiiect was contemplated and;longand itisimpossibleThe occasion wa* reelet* with ezprearioo* the public have a deep interest in urging ship and congratuiaUoa.uncompromisingof the ;we conceive Central America to be tolerably seciue from molestation for four or five yearsprofessiontocome.BOHEnowofthisand success untilcrat. He afterwards came to this City, and was connected for a shnt tune with the editorial de-passage throughTerm room of the Supreme Court, stronghisfriends. HewasaClayWhig,anAmericaBlB 1844, a supporter of Mr. FlLLMOai's AdmUstia-tion, and had acted mainly wi(h the Unkm Patty sincethattime. Atthetimeofhisdeathbewas intending soon to return and resume his residenee at the North.Brsisiss CHAaoia.—We notice by nlsreDca tothe Board of Supervisors in the original as-three can safety and independence of the Southorn peo- nified spectacle was presented last Monday further with the South, to offer their Stock at laia^of the of this great bugbear in poli- magnitudeand as Judge Leonard,the Supreme Court, questioned the right of the Common Council to overrule the action ofroom;be passed.sufficient to suppress boldwithdraw, which menatte the peace and aeeailtf-wt,^ South to the macUaattona iif flliiililtoi»iiiisaggre- reckless instrument of men at the South dent, allying itself to the other— ^Theand edited it withCity, sMIBjpation of this General Term room, there may from Havana Sth hut., har* arrived. They hlfagused. could not withhold from them the tribute of have been somewhat of discourtesy in the f 107.0(0 In Spanlih gold.the Common Council, and, in this view. JudgeLeonard did only his duty in maintaining theSupreme Court occupancy; while, on the panmeat,;aol that practicedWashingteh,<•ly fall. U. hi. dUortTSXnthe Democratic papers.aasro raarage aad eqa^^iSAthat we beard theof the most en- county declare to oar pablic atreets, aad la flh* lieo-amongRepublican*Intended to let tlMnepoesvMe.Thaw'contracts it is the of quite poaaiUe Creqaeneyin Rochester until charge of the Americt*, a daily Whig paper, established by the brothers Ja-his residence fo St.tine. He leaves a wife and two children, be^deo$4,000,000 in new bondfcaatile community was expected.1convictions and and a prejodicea,The Captain-General bad gone to the We»tem De- cf the Island.Aogu^ www.fultonhistory.com 