 <qualllieaemployed to iteir own pecimiary loss, but often to OieIrand the ancienthouse,HOWARD.—RepubUcan Admintstration coming into power,legal»Forthree days' waiting up^n the Court, with a fineIII IIment onflakes falling thick and fast, while the groimd was al-\-ilm-jjfmmt ttfNEW-YORK, SATURDAY. MARCH 24, 1860.'i'iTmwteiaapIaiMtwUeh tte alieeiiiatoriea, with allsuit,Theatre against a perfumer, for damages for an in-here than in other parts of the world movement in Italy, for its clear analysis and pow-Know-Nothlng fraternityihe latterlythe Slate at la favor of the large,adataMn iMlmMai ii.cret about the falsificatioa of thatthe ftshionable gourmand, swallows'Wisconsining to them the idioms of the original, than to put AEBIST OF MCNICIPAL OFFICIBS IS MILWACKII and eminently pratcetaichailn.g He hviesraynplainnU* dereaders perhaps know that asimpolfef,-Empire Siaitads.)customsto be Thtis bulletined before hand, the President could have no friends, and be-perlsif,in hisahoo- to tne in some Pemoerjoa it be an ex- Wm also-saiangesof theChinese. Tourpot-pie of dog-of him in case of and (Zso hanging over neglect,meet and garUc is notL of a Chinese kitchen, contrary to whatsays:The Investi-very pleasing.Association. Some of them were old Whigs, others ing to do, save as having a scientific Itnow-! r»Sf--=-^Owa OvrrMroadeat. iPiVrt, Wtdowdar, Fsk. », 1800.(he scientific jomnals luiTe beenyears filled a beenMajoroftheSecondtn tLeIt^ssscinbled at noon In the Harylaad Taintiila7.Mi. public eye. He has after a temporary orgaalzattai, appdta&KpQMtnirS^IJkiyttl eologinouaafif^-Vkatbetweea hi* tMU to hia patients, and #^jd|a moat imperfect inatmmanta posaibla,mence too soon. Thehad forgotten to mentioo, was instigated by a law-of the number.General of the State. He vras theoriginator andAnd that auch a body «iirt«i t»iKiloliioiwte indeated, and the Obeerr- i/U^MpM^^ied. no donbt those of othei capitals,Douglasfaction. antbority.r rni dtait, ba3 fiiled to l^^jiiiiiltail perceive.Dosaus wflXtaaaAB Charleston Convention, which, in tay event, anMTcif*^JLI^tSUaik'kad predktadwhichonly thingtbat could bare tnducedhimseeking its1W> ^ja|M.»s«aiTsd for an obecnre coantry phya-back to Us fireside wlthont delay.Under these favorable clreomstancess I ihall pro-kiOSMni«onnI;«anpresence^it to be ever^ came to Romethat St. Peter The Westm,inster Cate-I waa amused atand anheaid^>f TiUage, to find ^flOfiatsd planet Lstnot tlis reader imagine, 'v^had the diaeorery was a mere matter of tiwi>octormadeliia calculationaaccord- 4iait principles of aatroaomical inowl-11|Hj^aTiillliilli^Yen have already noticed the fact that themost respectable journal. FirstandforemostwehaveA BBIBIBY CASSIdrciBaizB went tohave seen it with my own eyes and heard it with my ownears. AmetropolitanrailroadismixedupwithitIn the Court of Mondaynext, Appeals ataitlQovenmenthaspaidtoDr.Lxscasbavlt jesty,'& doe* not give its military heroes or its~ facebecausenecessary, beingmen of any ranktioi^ the Legion of Honor, was published in their a notice of half a column, signed by theIQlislia^ aattiBg forth the claims of tlie Doctor to;greatmsi* wn all love him very muchbut he occn- green curtain, and ordered that for the future sheunwillinglyout an abortion. Ailed,kaad- Passenger railways pay verydnee the ana is rarely at fault when theseoocoT, tlie people believe naturally in the astrol- «gar'* io&UibUity, and do not find it remarkable tliat so wonderful a man is perpetually in favor at the Palace.Sdentific men have been employed for somepublicposed ts complain tbat the opera should be ftvmtime in an arti&cial for the seeking lighttion of the cavities of the humanexplora- The diffi-from the French Minister a few weeks for an agoarticle in the Comesjpondent against the Govern- ment, has been rewarded by the Pope with thevisit,The Spring trade is opening fairly, but with less honercd.as the casemay be—with this great Demo- activity than was anticipated. Merchants complain this busy city, His Excel cratic congregation. Those, therefore, who wish to somewhat. The Mcney market is abundantly Baf>- visit the Palmetto metropolis must submit to such pUed, and discounts are moderate. Stocks. KeneraUywere to find alightis said to be learned, and of possessedrates of fareand accommodations as'may be imposedspeakuig, dull.WITNXSSX8.To the Editor of the Nm- York Timuwould the reader suppose lay hidden under this title? Nothing less than an exposition of the' He snppoaas that a man ia lost at sea in a boat,will remain at No. 59 Rue de lacaught more than once wearing the paper" ' capwith great ears, and marked Ass !" and Disobedient I" before and and behind,the Chicago nomination, and it is pretty generallywith bed and noard. Then again the invidious dis- tiTictions that might be made upon sectional grounds, engendering animoslu'es, (fee, exceed-witnesses, and to give them reasonable compensa- tion. In Georgia a similar provision is made, and lll>eralfee8 awarded."manner to live on one's selfcanfiibalism reduced to a civilized and humanitarystanding up fore the school, to be talked at by the teacher.might provefolly to suppose the contemplated Convention can beIt Is In to theregard paymentof!partofevery day'szior temperature of the body diminishes until deathdark eyes tbat sparkled so brightly upon us as wethe riding Is spectacles, agreeover, wiplns their thai no iVmale everand make hima horse or a suit of clothes in support of a ease la which he nad no persoaal interest or personal knowl-travelers iij the Celestial Empire used toCiiineae cHef de cuisine of the first rankfeel wonnded in hia dignity at the mere mention ofIt was reserved for the^ fintfonnBUida in the world, to snuff in the realthe text, but will certainly fail in transferring its wood, Noiig, and Te£ch, who tor the last three weeks spirit into the translation. have been engaged In investigating the affairs of the 1 was favored with a glance at the hooka now city officers, came to a point, on Saturday afternoon, where they thought public justice required toat twoaccumulating in Florence, and soon, it is expected, of our city officials.aoAfiOaa^French, thepublicly distributedstale, no books have been,But now M. nests, imported from•tcH^s* «tartM«nqtmak«ofanimpos- them an article of com-China, lUlS^ll^ the kitchens of ParUandhouse, to check a business which1 *Vt(^^44lll«.4eiX""^'TheychargeThursday, March 23,shire .this mdrning, and had directed the porter toul o»4i 4mr would cost, delivered at ^uneasyforgery.BoaioB,eStoUm^»"'"?";,,^£^^iShli "J/".TMSSSrS "•J,^I^J^SToSSSSfca •}'^^"^l^.^^^'nJsimSSLSSf-Paris, Academi- 111!iiitow]Hmkturn gelatinoussubstanceaoU lesunrants of Paris waa compound not worth so rqao; f^f^et, bat Otft tbe twat imitation was *iu subrtaace gatheiad imafiek'poods during thepawning ssaeta tJke Police of Puis hsTO been &r MBe sionthsfor I heartwentylargeboxes ofpreferred soplainlyand has caused much explicitly,Isaecess-r.JHTdiSr»If aa •expert" goes W.°own'op.Ton^id c^n-jk.W*Ifor ttMmostdaysBut to return: these admhrable translations, withoutcall me in time for the 7 A. M. train.knownassuch—willbagoodforgovernmentalfavora.as much for him athomefrtirfltt^V'Om freqjitadi;a'fVnitri.rfrom the window to see the aaow-this Idea wm many a selfiah Indlvidaal to a eanse maywhich at present is uncongenial to Soolbaat laitlta- tioni.DODOLAB I> IIAKTI.An>.Four Id the Harrlaad Caa«ia«ieBal QWrleta havealready elected dcMgatea to tha ChnlaatoD Conven- tlen pledfed la favor of Demus. Oae, probably twowhich—GOTIBNOK BASKS,isthemostso. Heisathisofficeearly,andseeming- uponthem.TheClnclimatiConvention,fouryearsXENOPHON. Testimony of Exparts.:with the-decora-these gentlemen opposed to Nafolios politically, but Bev. Lacobdaiss is the leading man of the Catholic Church In France, while M. GtJizoi is the most influential Protestantsectional prejudices against tne North.goes where the best facilities and Indoeeaiaats a>*"^^^^V .*' Sl«"«-i^«i ^^igp^'r^x^^^!^''^^^ -Iff m^mTrr^ p I*a visit to the astron-eoiAeal doctbr, to see his calculations and his ap- and definitive. "The,payis before the election is confirmed jesty necessaryconvincingand otherney from standing in future; The good nature ofh» was astonished to find that the formerMr.singular affairs, always In hot water, just getting In men as Bcrm, be Is like a baby on horset>ack.In are anticipation,VABIS. lererrler—translation of Pilgrim's Progress, which reads cations,and amongtherest thateof perfumery. likeanoriginalItalianwork; andbyJtsvivid al- Sevenl actresses have been suffering from the legory takes especial hold of the Imagination of absorbed from the face, without this people. It ia a great favorite, I am told,poiaonaAFFAIRS IN BOSTON.aid I didnt know what I should do with myself antB tbatfatthfnlfriendandeoorteooaknightofthelapor- TheIndleatloasatpmeataretbatDonvjajmHfcidtairation. ThemembersoftheSociety atoneofthetheatresofVeniceupctOfii the Prtttt SciaUifique offered tiie Doctor press on the stage her political oplaions, in oppo-• paH>e diniier, but he refused becanse he could sition to the poUce. At first she appeared in aand editor of the Bee, this afternoon. As Is usually the case, a witness never helps his embarrassment byatlon of old Adamlater. It ia the living essence of polltleal eooMmy.DoHt^reIds patients.The Hedlcsl of professionbut it was again refuged,dress uniting the three colors of the Sardinian flag.curtain behind her, while one of her friends threw be enlightened and reformedher a boquet of red flowers from the boxes. This end well worth striving for; but the regenerationattemptingto him- Be- rience is no exception to the rule.expe-0f*ad the offer,This was prohibited, and the next evening she ap-peared on the stage in white, with a green drop- change in the present generation. Individuals maybelongthey are raising by sulMcription enoughand this, even, is anvainly endeav- ors to keep him within bounds, and Mr. BtTTLxa, hav-andtheworkeveryhoarsainsIncreasedaiaal, popularity.him a set of astronomical instru-;of a people must begin with the children.I mentioned in a previous letter that, for the firsttoTtw people of the village of OrgSres saidbuya charter. The effort to make It a political qoaatlOB— made only by the Sun, a pretended neutral, bat aas-: toIL.Lbtxbuzb "she pressed to her bosom, and the three colors of Our Doctor is a very good Sardinia were united. The police suppressed thewhom arenent Hob. J. A. Andrews, and H. F. DuaArrr, Esq.* late partner of Rcrcs Choati. The matter Is yet un- der Investigation, and what the teaolt vrlll be it is im-The weather Is dreadful. Snow and sleet;time inaProtestant school waa open inHOWARD AFFAIRS IN niARYIiAND.> Khicb do not transmit caloric under the influence- of electric ligwL These tubes are bent and inter- Switzerland. I have beenin them. The next evening there were a dozen, then full conviction thator, in other words, The world has already learned howbe Natba-iul P. his second John C. Basxs,seiaUifie wltiiswaa,]natltntionto live npoD one anothermjoxs, the author of the treatise in qu stion, propoaea that a man should live off his proper self.ticed thatformedit must be to hear the stories and;AFFAIRS IN TUSCANT. Praan:«8s orFrotestaattsm In Taseaay—Dlstrl-; let us see how U. An-bntloa of Bibles and TraBslatloBs* &c.Selleleo*The Union National which Opposition Convention,assembles here on the 9th of May next, will be verylargely attended by delegates and others from all is just. It can also summon a scientific maa any-and widiont provisions, and he then,, in his argu- ment, ataita from the principle that the body, de- privad ef alimenta, nourishes itself as long as it csKkt the expense of its proper substance. InPoetry," too, was on the list. dition of Protestantism in Tuscany under the niaster. arithmetic andBe propotea to combat the consequencesagain friends of the good cause, debarred from direct and acuteintel- forward ten or fif-the one died in the usualdent,Is^ theof all runuialiBiant ;period from atarvationand caused to drink hia own blood, lived severaldays longer than tit* first From this, U. Ahsil-]fm draws the conclusion tkat the system would wjierewithOn the whole I mustis just as much olvided here as it was in New-York. matter. 1 doubt if will The entertainment Is a great success and the mana- theythe other, which he bledlanguages, secretly printed, and stored ready forpboertance. theonly•'If this experiment succeeds it will not spelended.''so ever—a possession attained and lahor"be OBtful in preserving the lives of shipwrecked individuals, to such a point as to increase im-Easy asever attains to that subtle of more of the enterprise, or to aid it by money,being a declaration of principles by the ** BaltimoreThis Is not an imaginary grtevanca, but U alBMMtthe chances ofAnother exposition, made before one of themenselybeing saved.Academies, (but this time the ences,) by M. PAYEf, lets us into annests—theof whom UOO are females. An im- probably -Jexactlytheulcimatum ancientof the Chinese kitchen, and it is to tbemlast resort, however, will Mr. or they accept SxwAan,and most actively employed surgeons IsAcademyof Sci-which liethe sweet Tuscan." It is a muchple,mense choir of men aiid women alt at bis back, and he delivers ills ciscourse from a sort of somno placed on athe meek." Hisoffice as shall out the doctrines of carryse- last capriceofimportantassert a would—and sold. For, it may the Comptroller, £. L'Hohhsdiid Gasdissk—and necessities at COTT, or ISO.OOO notoriely.the Ex-Governor completely structions to acquiesce tn the.nomlnatlon of the Union IS scarcely a day passing that has not soma case o£of the Palace ofthatis; for the Chinese;" andlet falm be emix>weied to pay them from ten toFatin declarestaken Into On the custody.Trial of Shepard—Mr Cooler, tbe Dlstrict'At- tomey—Mr. B. F. Butler.ready, cut and dried for the various offi"es.dred dollars If per day.tescifiM asThe learned«l>h to prejudge the case, bat of oae thing the public may rest satisfied, and that Is, tbat the Mayor and Committee would not have prefeirsd the chargeshaying good groundsdty got pobitbearance has ceassd to be a virtae on the part of thea.own Charges, to be paid '>engaged in the examination of a variety ot falaifi-more, will be ehosea from dlatiletaneteSieta ofEx>Gvr. Oardner.called for me to falm to the accompanyand the beautiful edition re- cently Issued in New-York, of which a few copies have reached the Peninsula, is just the thing for acrid substances daily absorbed in Paris must in presentation to friends. The Italian edition is inofton Coaveotion and to nomtaata Atau Btaatthat their sofferinfa came from this source. The quantity of corrosive sublimate, arsenic, vert-de-gris, vitriol and other poisonona orof the modeat Dr. Lhoas- effect be immense, and the reform did not com- pamphlet form.suspecting;An American book, Walekx'8From Oar OwnRsviai Hot;n, Bostos, March 21, 1680.lex forging three notes. This trial desarves a notieo for longinvestigation, however,IPkilosophi amongstrangersor not. Isthetle to the Bomans, and entitled : "The Epistle of to the vacant chair in the French Academy St. PmU the Apostle to the Holy Church at Rome, the late ALizts si TocQus- from whence the faith was spread throughout theInpollttea—aoaaeara(Beverend Father Laookdaibc has been elected occupied byin the Legislature ot the State of Massachusetts. his bread-basket and his trouaen' aaat. Df this pecn- dentistry ? Becaase It was the lemoTal tl ma sl£•^•i Ika fonnd liia planet on the black-board be- viLU. Thetmm fii&ig it in the heaTens. Bat when I say ftfadi^Oaidlt is a mere figure of speech, for when.Ancaal, and tUs precions bit of rural science the and no instance of refusal is on record since the only with hesitation that he changes his creed.leaned Professor of the Observatory brought to But an Italian half catches days of Louis XVI., when that monarch refusedhighly esteemed geatleaian, and mataaa "Dominicsnhas no sympathy with the present reigningWorld. By authority of the Head of the Church.eoifying and profitable for all goodbe askedCatholics of the errors of theirdistinguishedpreacherquestioned the witness whiletoken of tmbelief; but I assure you It's so. I have t>een sitting, objecteddynsstyin France, and the aignature of bis Ha-may Italianmust stand.onlis, for final decision. Iti caostttananalltryoDd all qnesdoQ, be enstained. TbeCoaof his"lows invariably within a day or two after the noti-and I will here remark that those M. R. R.'i aresignatureMajestyCoouT Is undenlahle, but in the hands of suchor jast got out. It seems strange, but track 'em wher- Tie defence Is conducted by Hon. B. F. BciLia and determined not to resign. He will act wUk ft*toowai'lijlliaiVi mi a pliiii 1 iil with a piece of char- fication of election is officially made at the Palace, tiertly reasoneo with, step by step, and then it ispenjtiw,easy.yfc'jtdfnmiahwinning smile, well calculated to prejudice men In his favor. He wearsfboryeaia ago, that her gallantry may be rewarded in nosnlaatbM Mx»taking his revenge in aiding to send the unfortun-«(|jp 9*Ver need for astronomical calcolations, ate monarch to the guillotine. The election of fervor, and withers away" as easily and quick-inthe Iiabit, when his board got fiiU, ojf oC His calculations, as verified by U. and the Institute, wonderful to relate, erroroffourseconds. Whatalesson to^SMMM**^^ t^ Observatory, supported by the and sorroonded with all the appli-Father LacobDaiiiz was carried to the Palace for approval four weeks ago, and no action has beentaken thereon. It is notasOpooii- buttons. I should say his forte consisted in the quick- of his friends. of by anay•i^lo*<n pU|t||.4lypurity and simplicity of the Protestant faith, he Ispied at the time, he did not open it until later In themonth. ThisresnltIsconfidenflvlookedforMany your risaders an lianNIiasT I'l I r liatfliift'Wanticipated, however, It is to be notedto-morrow fascinated^ "the gorgeous ceremoniesaware ofhis baring been frequently apokea of lathtethat there will be a final refasal.as a particularity in this case that H. Gdizot, asPresident of the Academy for the moment, will beOur cItlEens have jntt established a mem Baa of Etesmersln the Southern trade, to ran betwosK Sa- way with the Railway Company. Mr. Shaw BcTiXE, as Colonel, refused to transmit the order to vannah, Ga., and Baltimore. The Ben Defart,titt the eompanles under his command. For this he was of the boats, a superb vessel, built hers, wauaaatrial trip down the bay, lad ad- after a yesterday, performadcharged with the duty of conducting the new wiU not heed the word"member to the Palace, to present him to bis Ma-felt dreadfully about It, and at once returned It to Mr.—elements it would be curious to see thus face togladly"It must also be admitted thatideadeliveryfromtemporaldespotism and;removed from hisa reunion of three and inimical oppositeHcBBuu). Mr. H. felt worse and said he had no yet,position. Shortly vacancyoccurred by which an election for Brigadier- mirably. This the true and only war to afor the reader wiU reosllect that not are onlymerely vaguetheythe priest, andmiiltary men, was unani-is worth ten thousand attempts to excite or p^lftliraiYou have perhaps already seen how a darueuse managedthey maycivilly,or usedButlib has done Mr. ItfAasB, Bank Cominlsslonerwhere they obtain the best a^iaiamodatloiM. This la hnmannaturetheworldover, backtotheoe-centuries,]daa got one of her friends to throw her a bouquet with Florence. The present and only one is for boys. A plsoet has not yet received a name. the three colors united, and this carried the fury of similar one, for girls, will be opened as soon as ahimsetf too much with the stara !" The new should dress differently. The patriotic girl thensomely in onr city, but it is demonrtratsd or beta tbat tbey cannot be maintained at three cents &re, however much clamor has been to the contrary. We now have about fifty cars running on the varioas streets in which tracks are thus —While the name of M. Lstebsiir is under the the to the last of forbearance. An police pointpossible to foretell. An informal*a cnrions tradition occurs to memory in con- order was issued that if ever another bouquet wassuitable teacher has been found.The boys' school is situated on the left side ofThe Charleston Conveatian and Folltleal niOTements In General—Iiocal lUlscella- neoBs Intelltgeace.far laid doimie to the extent of about sixteen miles. When all the lines are built we will have about thirty miles ofdoa-pen,w~-^j<»' with Iiim wiiich is not certainly generallythrown on to the the danseute should tram- stage,HIETIKG OF THE SHOIHAEXSSthe Amo, not far fromknown; and it is precisely on accoimt of this tra- was thrown to her, but this time it contained the children, therefore, generally have to cross theditian that he ia snppoaed to have gained position colors of Austria. Theso uader the present Empire. It is believed she had received, acidlygirl, carryingout river to come. As are all and the order they quite young,FromOnrOwnBAirmoas, Thursday, March 22, 1860—P. M.it andmodi more generally than one would suppose— pieces, amid the frantic cheering of the houseit tothe many carriages on the bridge render the walksomewhat dangerous, they are collected and con-ducted every morning by an old Pedagogus, whoCorrespondent. of our citizens have beentral railways are now doing a good, but not so large as hoped for, Spilng trade. The stock of tiie fbnaet is firm and upward, the latter and dull.—and in vsiy good society, too that the disttn-view, a hunt, or any public ceremony whatever, without firat consulting H. LirissiiR. AndThe men, on their part, do not lack ingenuity in tormenting the Austiiaas. When two gentlemenalso"sees them home" at night. They eat theirManyhoping,heavyThe Strakosch and Ullman Italian Opera Ccmpaarjpiishad mathematicisn is the official Astrologer ofof tfie Court According to this belief, Napolioit say, one to the otherIvmch it school in the old-fashioned goodwill be with us next week, when anottwr kall- againpassnevev appoiitts a day for a Jete, a grand re- give me another Zo-Jerino .'""(match.)liant season is anticipated at the HoUldaT-straet Theatre. TheannouncementthatBaisaau^Tilgarbody.Of all the The master is, certainly, a remarkable man. He leccybusymen inple it under her feet. The next evening a bouquetth*PonteCarrajatheof Boston wassympathy and tendering aid to the strikers at Lynn.Severalpersonsspoke,allofwhomwereinfavorofstrikes In general and this strike in particular. Think-ing It would result In permanent good to the tradeeverywhere, they determined to give the strikerstheir immediate cooperation. A Committee was ap- though, to my mind, almost against hope, thatpointed to draft resolntionc, a nd another to canvass the Democratic National Convention would ul-the city for pecnsiary aid, A large mass meeting of timately be held In Balthnore Instead of Charleston. appearing gives freshness and additional attraetioaa. shoemakers will be held before long, and the mostsystematic countenance will be given to the move-ment at Lynn. One speaker said that he wanted to ated, doubtless, by especIaHy Interested moUres, attending. citizens, indeed, rafterdi^workmen with which cut under, doan in the officerstreets of Venice they often "sprang upontrampledpresentationcarr^ at the ceremony of Candlemas Day anGrand Duke, and the encouraging change whichGeography,pied, of course, no inconsiderable" Is this the circus?" sit andpainsvisitors upon reasonable terms. The work of thisof plan, therefore, to employ Italians to translate, explain-the work into the hands of French or English, (as the case may be,) who may be able to understandexpression "amongthecapabilities better&, Co., Florence.E. W. R.Republican- ism heretofore acknowledged and understood; in the meantime repudiating what is known as Ultra-Abol- itionism. There aie, 1 am told, a hundred or more Baltimoreans, united with others in mostof the Western shore counties, connected withthiso bebe well toordinary cases, gixen The effects of gratu-away.putas semi-political.Custom-tB 000 foron' the charge of embezzlement,difficulty In ascertatsing tils partisan ing limited as to numbers, nearly everysome Custom-bouse, Post-office or oiherful emphatically next Fall, a Maryland RepubUcan—a Priest incommand at thethey suspectedmust be lessthatsafely through the hands of the police, a few ago.poslt-on officialjudp^^wu^ out of tha-or willbe,indropped from the pubUc eye, and 1 had nearly forgot- Opposition National Coavention of thisten there was such a man, until day betore yesterdayAs a mal-practice occurring, where the time of flte b«tnumerously•againeach of them. In the case of LtsSh, *7,000!way. When I visited the school it was " recess."BINA, should not be pronounced in the were munching their bread and apples. They allMy guide knocked at a low-browed door in a retired street and we were admitted into the ante-room, the Sardinian Minister, the Marquis of Villama- where fifteen or twenty bright-eyed little fellowsholidays places. But the Neapolitans, ingeniousdesire such apoorer work, ton will be forsaken. That it would In all respectssources, say to one another:(as though shading their eyes from the overpower- ing glory of our preseace) and holding it in that position until we had passed by. The second room:My cigar has gone out,At the Police ordered tbat the name of KaplesHowever much myself, In common with others, actu-The Lenten season, and next being " r«»««f» wa^"Villa, and afterwards to the Marina," (the castiaand the At Mantua and Cremona thelove of sweet music—such as Madame Coxaoa, PAns» and others of the troupe can diacoorso—to tin thiis Innocently, but irreslstably.Mr. MusnocE Is now filling a very sueceaafol aa-sea-port.)with the was the schoolroom. A half-dozen idlers sat atto if the national delegates particularly,time of the Austrian is policeoccupied"diligent. After we had saluted thehe forgave the little offenders in honor of ourand with a profound salute to us they bounded into the other room to join their comrades.assemblage present. Therefore he was willing to do anything would take place here, very few entertain a doubt; stillquestion of crinoline.The Duke de Bboslii, who received atheir desks,kept in" because they hadn't been schoolmaster,which would aid the workmen to establish aof prices, 50 high that none but good workmen could obtain them.Other amusonentl arem" I am going to thesalutedus, the hand to the forehead raising righttbem at such a period, as inducements—^powerfaLtoowarningother place than Charleston can be honored—re-getpoor Theythe craftmightresult, yetCharles-—are tbem, for tne heavoo-bofa. multiplied, temptingamong the coirvertsposeseveral reasons. Mr. Shxpaed has lor a term of President and Tloe-Presldant of Ow Caltadthe Planof Salvation,is alsocashier of the Five Cent Savings' Bank.set of men and edltOT of the DoAi Bee, and consequently an active Convention will select two AdislaMnaaPicommenced an actress of the Tarieties This remarkable work has produced no less effect thinner- bylipped, shrugged-abooldered 'membero(tie has imbibedagentsto the subject.;Judge Bmifp, removed, Is living entliB aatSadaa by 9ie energetle manner In «^eh ha iiliiilaailMaand is attributed to his cosmetics. At the greatly valued by the religious teachera of the newwomen I never before met. Eachbe on some particular errand, the Importance of "Fishydiapositionsame time the Academy of Sciences is occupyiag itself with the question of lucifer matches, and the reform necesaary in their mode of fiibrication. Sereral deaths from poisoning in the use of thesebodyservice inwho firit luggeited the name of Mr. Buxs as aathatCosgrtssional District dalacMMto lk>directed the attention of this learnedhappeningtheof theJudgeship City CrisUnal ContlUaiaaa aTerfulAmong books of another class I noticed an es-Oubematorlal chair.Mr. SnfAtn Is a larga.bodlad mas, of full habit, flushed check and long beard. Ha itta within the bar by the side of his eoonaal, aad^bosiis himself byUmaHon. J. Laaiiox Bonn, wtaohas baea apaalHladalogic." " icootcontrolling majority final Harylaad HISCBLLABKODB OITT XAIteMMtMlir.say, SkmexHgjhism, Heiigioxts Almanac, Sk.a little sixteen-moyourjnsUce. HeIsaaAmericanthe "Ping" order, and hence the eoaoailnmi : wkr was his appointment to the Bench like an oMiattaalaThis Catholics." Itto hisrolesThe attorneysCourt said that, owing to lamenessInThe new Metropolitan PoUce bOl wOl be IEpistleisdoing so, as one of the impenUve to the big yellow State House, (with a dome,) and of the Court Is that at such timesbutty.conseqnencaofnoa-restdeoee. Is aUbut that and " have no root."theyhearimpossibleceed to detail some mattenpamphlet containingEpis-whether the task of fol Church is one of difficulty. I am told that it isorEnglishman German must be pa-;ever you will, you find the above fact imdenlable.already preparisf to their system. Mayor Sitaii has chsagad HiMv-—"he sprung up." To-day attracted by theSwAF for the"a closely.fitting, single-breasted, blue frock coatVlce-Preeldeney bythe UnionandThis is the great trouble not that the peopleThe who partyhim was the envelopesolemn mysteries of the Church of his fathers. —handedwho is coimeoted in someBiblehave aing. Some associate the reading of the Bible withbe religiously, thatbuta msn so as completelybe the soonerto ex- free. Butsomeareearnest,honestChristianmen and women, whose warm hearts and ready handschurch in the world be to own. might proudanyAfter all, it is impossible to effect a radicalThe City Passenger Railway cootrovaray, axas|it- ipg a few fneffectual efforts of the Baltimoro 8mmi» The case slowly. Mr. Cooi-bt is snubbed prejudice some of its readers aaalnst Ueasn. FawTS,great genius. HeisoneoftheImprorisatoriofItaly,and,of;in a moment what theThe gistthat Hon. Gso. A.aknown in political and legal circles that a descrio- alty until bis term of office expires, ahatethat they annoy him by so do-manyread theIsidea where the money came from. A gentleman had General became and Bstlib, in trade from the South. One practical boalMsaleft the at bis Mr. H. to envelope office, requestinghand it to Mr. Shaw, and that Is all he knew about It.;of thelast campalni did upon reliableofBad|^andexhibitedtohisastonishedcolleagues ayoungmanonaccountofhisage,andanother ministerwillsay,investsitwithapoeticglowof memberoftheHouse,chargestheagentsoftheMe- Heisapparentlyabout45yearsofage,hasafine afford. Itisbynomeansoutorthe _afIk*tnatitate. Thefact-is,theDoctorwastoohimself either with a black-traard—for his political opiniona ^the latter afterwards imaginationoftion, as the Opposition Party In Maiylaadwhichlogical foundation, is converted with gloriouspcrtly.figure, stirmounted by a handsome head, havingsupplies for the time the wanta and a frank, open countenance,much for Its of Mr. FiixHoaB supportprofess topartiesleavestlOOforMr.HrBBAKCto givetoMr.Shaw— fused.Irritated,people alwaysalways wlU, so loag aa;held,for theofpurpose expressingble to track, equalcnltiea in tlieduced no caloricdensedintnbsaofsmalldimensions,andwhich unheard-ofhonorfordisobedience.proceed a white flame. Hessrs. dd Uoncel and Miss JoHSSON ("Minnie Myrtle,") author of course, can speak eloquently in prose as well as ly always. He is a frequent and popular lecturer ago, wishing to manifest its gratefulness to the SouthBcBXKOSrr, Bussians, .have arrived at these re- Peasant Life in Germany} and other works, is poetry. When the school was first opened, he here, and in all the cities of bis Stale. One day we for her potency in aiding Democracy, agreed to hold TEE PATHEKT OF SCIEliTIFIC HEM BUIIXOIIZD ASthatbe con-sults. the tubes of Gcisslib, The]^;mploy emptyproblem —alight mightpro-of the wax iaper which his Holinessnow in Paris, and has just finished and sent off the got two or three people together one evening in bear of him at a review, then at a dinner, again at a the next Convention within ultra-Southern bounda-manuscript of a new work entitled Cottagei of the the school-room, to read and explain the Bible to convention. He Is compelled by his oath frequently ries. This was done under a:Alps,the scenes of which are laid permittedentirelyto see the thirty, until at last his audience having increasedto examine all the public buildings, prisons, hospitals, instituUons, colleges and schools, and yet In the mul- titude of his well-attended and Imperative duties, begreat Inconveniences must ensue fromselectingIn reviewing the last chapter of the ezcelleat work on Medical Jurisprudence, by Dr. Baoa, apoK the general subject of Medical Evidence, we met wltliof this new work, andv^fnantity of li^it in a space so small as will admit wide circulation. It will be published simulta- up the meetings altogether. VThen the way is~.laced into a and laiiyrinth,theythus obtain a vastmanuscriptpredictfor it a to forty or fifty, the landlady interfered, and brokeCharleston as the place of meeting. In the not hopebut ofof its use even in a canty like that of the nostrils. & Co., of Ludgate Hill, having seen the manuscript, He is lame, has long, tangled, dark hair, and cal and popular lectures, and keep himself before his great a favor. Everybody then knew, as they now " The Coroner has the power to compel the physi-This light has already been used with advantage in the examination of disease la all the cavities ofconstituents continually, and always about duties In know, that a more out-of-the-way place—one lesscian or surgeon to attend and testify, bat he caiunotto theAcademy*'at six thousand dollars a year, for his family, and liitle rebel is reckless or refractory, he lashes liim politicians of the day. It is said he has very strong tion of the population is negroes, wlitle the whites are to remunerate the medical witnesses. No such pro- vision is made in New-York. In Virginia, the Coro-neously in London and New-York, Sakson, Low fully open, his talents will not lie unused.and demanded the permission to copyright and one of the pleasantest smiles that ever irradiatedfindstime toprepareand to deliverscientific, practi-the following passage:publishit in Sceibveb i Co., of New- a plain face. His management of the children England.which he is thoroughly prepared, and with which adapted in point of conveniences and accommo- compel him to make piat-mortem JnvestigatioBS or chamlcal analyses. The law has a right to the In aU their details he is conversant. These things dations—could not have teen chosen. There are but knowledge actually possessed by the witness, butYork, are the American publishers. is capital. There is no corporeal punishment inthe body.Among the curious documents lately presented Hon. Mr. Faulkxkr has taken a very large the school. If a scholar has not got his lesson, are easily seen, and I have no doubt he is pulling his two hotels of note in the city, and these capable of cannot compel him to increase that knowledge. IaThe Weather^Anakers—Gsv. Baaks—Zayarar-RcT. I. 8. Kalloek—eoinmaad a out of tha M majoritygaUon provided he reqnltes It The State ConvenHon Is now In sesvlon banmore than 1can say;bat a certainlybluer-noaed,Formerlyfelt The session iaquite stamy. Itlsaa__a Mr.HuBBAao,A Committee of was Investigationand all appear."of Medicine, uuder the head o^ and elegant suite of rooms on the Champs Elysecs, he detains him from play lill it is reaily. If any little wires in secret, just as much as any of the other quartering only a few hundred persons. A large por- England, by a late statute, the Coroner is empowerednew inventions, was one with the following title :Ih VAutopkagie Spontante et Artijlciejle. What tion of the Legation. The Legation, therefore, as with men, and few of the scholars care to beBribery Caae—The Bhse- torial quill, Gio. TiUBToa, of the Boston BeroU, talnlyOf all the uncomfortable places in the world, on a windy, chilly March day, Bost(m Is the least desira- ble. For forty-eight hours an east wind has exerted Itself, whether for the benefit oflarge place- w- ^ — BAa]ioanClialramiialDl,aad1i"lBiail'ail"lyifliiij|>iiliart,MhiHM'ri Govataof Levi,ol Fredetlflfc, Hert^nt fgfcwglas menare slIightlTy In the vOaattt,fr„^tdi^tftm voles—(koagh sufficiently stroag toxMa Jwas theto leave kome, and which aeoompUstied, he ihooldgoodarallahle candidate for the.out of the sixof interesthere, a3id which I think vrill warrant an airing inan additional ofTice for himself at the present loca- with his tongue. Ridicule is as potent with boys notions about the fimess of the various candidates for not prepared to open their houses to supply strangers ner is authorized to summon one or more mejical'From Oar Own Oorrsspondeat.RoHi, Thursday, Feb. 16, 1860.ed by the" Scripture golden tonguebothered itself—Is the,-~ZOYABA A WOMANIn my last, I endeavored to sketch the con-gentlemen who haven't Courier; venerable dames, who Inquif-e as they passcompel him to give his property—Pepini^re. Malakoff.f^upposed t>y thof e bnowLog chaps, who abound In thebe- region of the State Hou^e, that his first choice would ingly unpleasant. Be this, however, as it may, it isFaxHoitr, neither 01 whom would make an American blush; but one Is too youLg, say the wise ones, and the other Books— exercises. Iwice a day there were Bible lessons. isn't avauatile, say the jealous ones, and In aU preb-On the walla schedule ot lessons. I no-sueaeadlar passagesthatwewishtodrawattentitm. Thareai« various kinds of worldly wealth, one of which laHow thetruthsofability Gov. Baxkb will have to wait a little longer. The question over which young New- York so longknowledge.The law can summon wIm> any parsoninterestingwas the actual witness to any transaction, aad so isrhung singingforthefirst time,illustrat- "of such a teacher I asked how that was taught, and was told tbat the children learned it by heart;, and it was explained to them by the••!writing, occu- space.?—has taken hold of Young America here In the mostparts of the United States. I have no doubt it will far surpass In numbers that of Charleston—maybe In Im- portance alsD. There will be no extra charges, but. on the contrary, every taken to accommodatewhere within the limits of the State, about a aiattv concerning which he is not an ocular witness, andtlon. without making him any remuneration save the accompanied the Kevolution. This chaflge was It is said that noreven Young America is so and look in utter horror and complete consterna- Convention will be to nominate for theFresldency ordinary wimess'feeof a shilling or a dollar per dlem^ propoitian as this substance diminishes, the inte- not unexpected. Matters had long been so ilesper- qmck to learn as Young Italy. Every one of the ion as '-that gal rides bare-backed." and when some conservative man, free from extremes, such, and traveling expenses. Would It t>e just to summonate that an improvement was inevitable outas Hon. Edwaed and offer Bates,him to thea man upfrom New-York togiveuse. Consequently,nowthatthelong-desiredop-Thepriestshaveendeavoredinby study;and theseemed to be and,lookingperhaps,country as a Presidential candidate of the.Albany,one.is come, there is no lack of ammunition vain to prevent its successyield BXPDBLICAKISM IN UABTLAND.portunityThe peculiarity of these translations is tbat the|r;gerscoining money.to attack theenemy.daily on the wane. Indeed, since the abolition of the Concordat, and proclamation of the law of Sardinia, the school has a right to be recognized and protected by the State.are the product of the best Italian talent.it ia to speak and read Italian with fluency, no I will add only, that those who desire to knowpreach in the Tremont Temple. Mr. Kauoch Ii aboutsix feet lall, has fiortd complexion, full beard, large poses the extension o( slavery into new territory, and and paid his shilling a day, aad the State criespower harmony, discrimination and delicacy of shade inIt is but a fewyears since that the iaovforeignerwhich cannot but be welcome, addreas Rev. mayJ. R. McDocOALL, care of Maqcay, Packk.nhamquits."passedprecociouslyTTtamf•flanltlaDbypracticinglight bleedingsfromthebod^raaddanUng the blood. He tried the exper- aration for the time when such effort would be grown to be men, in soul as well as body, and fit to it. Perhaps they have not met htm at Pabkeb's after anticipation.befo;bare-fated young gentlemenparty,imeatCBtwoeBimals of the same age, and the aame size ead^eonfltian. He deprived them both;possible. Numerous religious books and tractswere translated from the French and Englishcontrol the destinies of their fatherland.the performance, and perhaps they havefromeffort in its behedf, occupied themselves with prep- teen years, it was easy to imagine these boys knowingly wink and assert that they know all about ef theligent,There are about thirty scholars now;but a be-thede Hoss. are in ecstacies all the time and think she'sone man.am confi-ginningdoes not numbers for its im- depend uponblow up a house to prevent the flames fsay public opinion will acquiese cordially, er at all. Is quite another toothers, yet it must be paid for. Know)ed|e, how-Flnancterlog. FOB SUBIZZLIHEKT.very large platform.His text was •' Blessed areThe Milwaukee DemocratKatiog Committee, conslstlcg of Councilors Lock-theClerk,RdbietB.LTiica,and ttioald be arrested, and charges of a sertous nature preferred against them. Accordingly. Mayor Pioi entered a complaint against R. B. Ltscb, and a warrant was If- Bued for his arrest, on Saturday afternoon. Chlefof-land In the Chicago Convention. Those whogoin to tbe proprieUes regardwasopening of the Court, Judge Malloet hied the ball atofup, and hethe expert character of the morUr usedMills, let him be accordingly- If paidnowBibles came' excitement and talk In the community. We do not1860.knowntowhatextentthelooking readylipreadvrlththedownycovering. Hang all,are reallv classical,and of men have been carried, but one thing Is cartam, that(whichpurity vigor their style,) are no leas calcu- the affidm of this have to a wtors for-lated in matter than in manner, to attract and in- teresttheItafiiamind.One of Oie aost ac^eUent iobodi respects is theUntitled DocumentIt now halflabor, xi\lS^ value of his.day/s -mf^^mm»in sometimes, theoperationsSlw''fo'rn'dty'^'i5^n3Sr'i2^-ooSr^''M Kl's £5.Sr Vth'TM be no ptby w.yi.Jt,.*».«gg*but their is powerareI thought while I was here 1 would endeavor to seethe celebrities. So Sunday I went to hear the BEV. I. S. EALLOCal>e confiscatedaadby Government, yet aoand $1,000 on the The arrest on such grave charges,From Got Own Correspondent.one of themin ^sanity, some case of aliened theletandbut the fullest and most thorough iBvsstigatton.''tax-payersproperty-boldan,th.sctencewhichthaaoart"which issidering the trials he has gone through, his youth, andttstltying upona matter with which be had noth-saw him withhave heard of several grand dinners at which enough to show that what is gahied through the charges were preferred against him, one for em- I was delighted to see him and up«in inquiry ascer- At the last Presidential election there were In all damage of their practice. If not of their patieala'that is due this last importation. Recently weamongthe heathen of India, arewhoever slse thatbody may nominate.not onlywaBowi' nests had formed a part of tke bill of fare, and among the rest was a dinner af the Pom- peiian Palace of the Princs Kafolioh in the Ave- nae .Montaigne—(the reader wiiiuaderstand that I do not place myself under obligation to explain the connection between the rare-bit of the Chineseis morewre- DoleoftlOO,onoraboutthe19thdayofJuly,l$i9. asdoingverywell.Whataneventfulcareer.Quiet ajudiciousorganizationandatrulyconservativecan- queftionofsurgeryormedicine,andwitholytheirbythecoinparativejoung man with auburn whiskers enters a Know-gard a gilt so almost as little anJudge Maluet fixed bis bail at $1, 60U on the chargeNothlng becomes a P. E. C. \V. L. J. A. R., didate I doubt not this nu mber might be considerably lodge,fee of Oily cents or a dollar per day as remnneratlDn.contempt with which theyfreely iestowed. The Italiana have of emtiezzlement,of theto give much money merely for thelooking spoils"personal aggrandize-pecaniarllyEven such men assee Bibles imported so suddenly andHe was arrested at his at the Station-house.with black whiskers.Teinpiu/u^t. ^Republicanbeing comparatively few in numbers in caseMake itfor theto call forex-a book.of which ElCASOLl is1659.This nionilng the bail of Lmca surrendered himjudge alone judgment, theycirculaUon of compose the Council, President, were frightened toa treasury-warrant for $50. go or about the1Police Bzcx anested him in the Mayor's office. Two ting up Washington-street as g'andly as you please.remarkable maimer.his scientific knowl-thought of girlsfor—the fruit of days and years of study and refiee- edgetheticket-taker.look,Oorrespondent.appointed, Interested have been summoned toare engaged on each side,amongpromi-for to-msourprroewm.acy,and I amstruggle detained untilpected Democratic journal—has signally eoaaerid of all thewas burdened.and bring on difficulties t>etween the bosses and jours which are sure to end in states of feeling like theI have no Ideaprove more satisfactory to the cotmtry at large, andthefi at has gone forth, and It is Idle to suppose that anyor dis-Oldtwenty years discuss It over theirmoistened could dare Cambridge in no-armed ragiaus, sitting la the orchestra chiiirs,young ladleswhociowd; .\cademy at t!ie Matineesthen or afterwards. Government may nolle'perscmseems toRepubUcan ideasschool—and tne duringnotes of the as taking testlnway given.The prosecution la oiadacted Dy Dtstrict-Attomey CooLar, who Is a second Daddy LAnaaaT, inform aad feature. Atfirstglance,IsbooldlayhaIsaboutfive feet eight hicbet In height, and at laaat aloe feet around, the points of mauurement baliut the front ofhighlistgagement scarce.atHoUiday-street.onflayconciliating,obtainingthesupportTBIAL or J. W. 8HIPABD., alectlag repraaentativeaat laqieto ttmfSmSsf-Regiment of MasMchaiatts VolDnleers,,uid member of the Staff of the Brigadier^that cause, fle claims to twtte oneAt the bare annotmcement of such a fact doubUesi Uarity, rather an unfair advantage was taken by the sttanp to replace It with a "phif." Ji'yon stand aghast and shake your honorable head in oefendant'E attorney, who observing that Mr. Coolit'~'UieaffairIs,Sbaw,tion ol his personal appearance may not come amiss. rendering such aid as Ms enlargedwhat was histonishment, his indignation, tipon finding a $100 note.ness with which he detects error in ancase, rather than In the ability with which he sents his owil A characteristic anecdote of Mr. Bcr-day;and when hedid,surprise,his as-opponent'sjpre- connection.reasons,he had excusedtheDIstrict-At-win, ''When Gov. GASnaEE Issued an or-Lxa is as followsder disbanding the foreign military comt>aiiles, Mr.:ofpowerful section to the party thus conferring soheld elsewhere than In Charleston. Time admit of an alteration.THE OPPOSITION CONVENTIOJf.does notor alluded to In the above and experts,or parties, opposed to Democracy. This will be done inBanks orAnti-I am no wand A. B. tTsDxawooD, Esq. Mr. Bcrt-ials so well Commissioners as one of them, hold on to tta "tropolitan Railroad Company with an attempt to In-Unence his action as a legislator by the use of money.Mr. Shaw states that on Feo. 20 a gentleman handedhim a note at the State House, but that, being occu- which is fastened up before with twelve conical tlon National Convention, which aaaemtdea heranntfavor with all themously voted m, and Gov. GAEDirza was compelledto issue a new- commission to the man he had a shorttime previously ignomlniously deposed. 1 have held out. Soulhem people. Northern people, »^^have andotherThis Is a singular state of things. Benevolent gent 1 can't think even he ever bothered', embarrassed, con- grass grows and water runs, seek bnsbwas aaarvheard of Wibstee's of afaculty bullying witness,Mr. Shaw won't the he can't keep money, thoughshow tbat he was approached In any Improper man-ner by any known Mr. Hdiiba&d declines to person.take the cash l>ecause it don'tnevolent gent keeps out of sight, and the money hasnoowner. ThedifficultynowistofindoutwhottiiBspendthrift Is, who, with no ostensiole purpose, so ing annoyed Mr. Ccolxt about two hours, Is now The next Legislature will, bevood doubt, (fva tthsialavishly disposes of his cash. Distinguished counsel making a dessert off from poor little Mabsb.smart and this afternoon's replies,two mindruatges the who every by Judge,<S: Co., has nearly died ont The cars ran aa! In case of war, Govomment mayand the go, which meets afremards, uaiting in the same korte or vehicle, but legally must pay for It, tlfttfConvention at Chica- nomination, and thus coinDloe Uie full strength of ailopposing parties uponedgea4p uyRepublicanSuch,secret de>ign, but whether Republicansand theframe, full round voice and dear little feet. He "preaches Sunday morning, afternoon and evening, the Slave-trade, mamtalnUig a determination to actto a congregation of s-tme three thousand peo- with the Republican party in electing such persons to of a law ease tn this City turned upon the healthlaai*or deleterious cbsracter of and there was swill-mllk,but one man In New-York capable by study to tastlfy respecting it. and bis testimony decided the cue.RepublicanAssociation. It is moderate intone, op-Courts,expertIsstrippedwashand way of apparently exiempohzing, tne effect ofThe Con- singmg was good.the emoarrassment consequent upon his affaire deli- Democrats and former Americans, it is their pur- ledge of it, he received three days' pay,cate, tils success is wouderful, out none tne less a pose, very soon, to convene a State Convention in a toUU of $1 50 ] A number of physicians worefixDeodubftalcet.ss remember Gov. H. J. who Baltimore, and select delegates to represent Mary- summoned to Buffalo some years since to testteyyou Gaednis,forsomanyyearsruledtheroost. Hehadau'turnwhiskers. Afterhisunfort'inate connection with Wol- there, as I further learn, wlU probably be under in- medical teaching, with a proportionate pay. Tberaa trot- solenoid pair of black whiskers,itous circulationincreased number of readers than balanced t>ezzlement of (2,0a«, and one for forging a treasury- tained he bad gone into the dry-goods business, and about 260 Republican votes cast In this State. With health, while they are testifying to soBM abMiaetandwas alto found to warrant the anest of ComotroUer runs for Governor. Is elected, does It again, keeps a incieaied. It caimot be doubted, however, that self,GAsnmaa,torich, but It can take millionaire. We call for legislation up'.>n this matter-forging7th day of July,on Sunday, and confinedunite hi themovement here. They hope — of a" are necesMry,t^^COforforgery.SufficientThe law cannot the take one cent fromidea as the Clunese or Hindoos,missionary spirit which prompts Chriatians warrant was Issued for his arrest, charging htm with ness, don't like it, sinks from public gaze for three ment and the **Is this ! justand on of Cpuacilor Tssca. a doing it, runs and is defeated, starts a baoklng busi- interested motives— complaintyears, and finally turns up In the dry-goods businesspocket of a manand independent,would be called upon to acceptintended, to start on a trip into New-Hamp- ment. Should the RepubUcan Party proveIn the depart- InIn onedlenceror so doing. It Is not to his summons I got up, and what was my astonish- ed. There can be no miitake about the matter, and those too of«n;oftSeaecentie-•aid I, aad reluctantly turned back t« ny pahUs cooMaooch." »«^o,cpgas a bank checkIs cuifem whenlegitimatelyIndors-be done whereby therepllantly.Ilaajr pafSflHt 1 have before me a small pamphlet, signed En- can be obtained for It ! Why ahoBld om tjbid ofMcitn Smith, President and J. M. Grand Secretary, property be protected more than another Tcity.Isarighteous jndge. The couti uversy aboot Mldaily found incurail —must Infiuence many who tlie knowledge from the brain of a man mentally apert"be paid according to the dUcreUon of,datingrunning down to Asak Sum, aalSeveral thinly-populated regions must be kept ap at an aetnal loss. TheBaltimoreandOhioandNorthernCen-sixty single.rootes la.may deter some imaoaa conscientiously •crupuiaQSfiom Our areTradealwaya^ra and soA a •eatlmeat Is ailsfiig as wUl be aatUisd with aatUacSon to compensate for tb»^*» SaJ^'Boston Is a dreary place at best, Coaunoa and illThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comigiMaiiaaaaiiWI"-irri - ijrhMjriwrjiaBBfifalfc'fMtfiSrtaln f