 , .^ryp^q^y^^"V'i.V.T^'<r!iJ-VJmlii>iwlJ»I'" »'n'»"•"'''••' *•.,- i»«SB!S!SS5!SK^ ^ ^ ^ w.5 •t*.;•36 •.,„..,.•i«u.-.^ggjeaOTIW^ORfc DAILY TRIBTOifE,WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1860.C'OMMMU , S a i « * a t the. *3,<tfO United &fai* 5« VJ <,ooo Temwkjeetf* '&*•*. 3,000 Vfr»in5a*t4jt*6<.. 1.0CO Miuonrl State 6... •7/00 do i C OC0 Brooklyn CHv W .2/O0N. Y. CenhsSe:.. 2,000 Krte RR-Sth M f 3,C0OH<id. Riv. OR I t 2/00 Barleir. EK. 2d ft?. 6,000 Mich On. RR. ^ise.M, 8. P. o>r. 2/o<> c?*v., y. k A. r>f'.50 Merchin-V Kar.k... 5 AEtcrfcaoi E i - Ka.-k 5 do.'... •10 St. Nicholas Har.k.. JO Bank of Ncw-Y o-i- 20 Manhattan Eani. .. 10 d f > . . * - . . • • • • - . 10 Pacific M. St'xr.ah»«•«ndernotreatyotjgatjon ^ 0Dt;ysuchademand, Holland,torelegatehimtoBordeaux. Tothecityof longerpropagatedattheSouth.thenceforwardedtotheinterior. Theyareclassedaapled down elsewhere, there was not a single failure in•--Correspondence of Tho N. T. TribuneAMELIA, N. Y., Feb. 18, I860.to a Jewish eergeant, who, having been slightly wounded and taken prisoner at Magenta, managed to escape in time to bike part in the battle of Soiferino, where he WHSseverely wounded.and honorable standing—dating from the period whenour Dutch anceBtry tannsd the hides of their bullocksin vats roughly sunk around the Beekmou Pond—fromabater time, -within the recollection of our older citi-r.ens, when the lower part of Ferry street and the im- from 250,000 to 300,000. Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. haps some lendrn'T- to unduly glorify the posses«K>r»ofxIf it be true that you, a scholar and a writer, do now in .lJKJOhold with Jnffenon, that " t h e whole coonmei ce between m-ister" aod slave is a perpetual exercise of tho inosit boibter ous puasiouc," the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading"submission on tho other," and, in viow of Sitvery, that you"tremble for your country when you reflec; that God iajust;"that His jna ice cannot sleep fo/ever; that considering num- Bloodgood, a prominent public citizen, had a large cur-" hers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution of the whcol of" fortune, an exchange of tituatuni »« among possible eveiitt, rying shop on Frankfort street; later along, Jacob Lor- the Rio Munez, in W e item Africa; the best domestic ''' that it may become probable by supernatural interference,"and that " the Almighty has no attribute wbicn can take side with" us in Buch a contest"—if such be your present sentiments, thenyou cannot be surprised to find that you will not be a welcomevisitor to a.Virginia community.vj.^»«or had placed in a corner vith the face to the *n«,* w i ^ w discovered also. ajud very great atcan't be perilled for such a trifle. with the Government, fled to New York with his wile and one child, suving also about $3,000 of his fortane. —There is a dispute in the London press-In re- His name was Schaltz—C. P , if our informant reool-lation to the discovery of the North- West Passage. The leots correctly. He has spent the intervening timeErie, the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Rail- some firemen who happened to be in the neighborhood a few unimportant bruises, and performed next day A*at the time. The fire was evidently the work of aa well as ever. Thin, and the fall of William a* Man- roads, and in the hilly districts of Western Connecticut incendiary, as? upon examination, ft was found to chester, are the only severe tumbles any of them haveand Massachusetts. Hemlock bark is the tanner'a great have been kandfed around a cask of liuuor inJAPAN.There have beenfire several times witliiii the pact two weeks.KANA€»A W A, Japan, Nov. 24, lfcJoil. At I am tittJBg down in this'remote corner of ttte earth, in a house rickctty with age ana earth- «Mte», and begrimed with the smoke of charcoalI'have jtret >.«ard of the death of Eunice Manwee, the la*t fou-blood of the Pfebgachtigok tribe of In- •«t and the cold in, to pen this letter, ita date ?e~ dians. She resided on the Indian Reserve, m Kent.inads me that some thousands of your readeca are E«dee Manwee, or "Aunt Eunice," as shegwas waling to the moming dawn of Thanksgiving Day. familiarly called, was born in Derby County, and was May their annual turkey and piea of the golden 103years old. Her father's name was Joseph, antherTHEBROTHERS GARDEN.ATNIBLO'Sfctns m a room whose tattered screens let the warmportions among fie Amorictn people, that there is per- Louis are also large slaughtering and receiving depots. superb "muscle," dm)p chests,-and well-developedlimbs. But when it is considered that firm mu?c!ee and fine limbs are solid proofs of health and strength; thatrrrandfather's name was Gidoon Manweesemum. Gideon was the name given him by the Moravian Mis- sionaries who labored among the Indiana here, and heSince t i e departure of the Powhatan, Highflyer,- *ad several merchant veseek, thero ha« been a visi- baptized by them in 1743. From Manweesemummediate vicinity was sufficient to bold the tanneries andwarehouses of the trade, it has now reached such anextent that, in days when tan-yards are banished tothe country and every inch of room is, economized, itrequires for its accommodation almost the. entire lo-cality traditionally known as the " Swamp." More,it has extended itself up the hill-side, and isereepingtoward Broadway by the transverse streets. Com-mence at the intersection of Spruce and Wiliiam, fol-low the former to Gold, thence to Beekman and Frank-Texas has of late supplied a good many, which assimi-late closely in quality to those of the Pacific Coast.The domestic bides are more pliable and leas close- I deep chests surely evidence great vital tenacity andh« -vMR. HOWI80N TO Mm BAYARD TAYLOR. RICHMOND, Va., Fob. 10, 10M)fort. on cither Bide, thence through Frankfort to Cliff,theacevia Cliff to Ferry street, and through the whole shipping depots. But from every port, on both the At- better me:chant, or banker, for being able to go cred-SO rfa...^OODeLfc ftud. Ca. Co39 do100 Calr. & R. T. R.;:. 2T0 do....psrnpkin bring no nightmare to their bedside whea -fiie day is done.cut out easy."MOREw •INTERESTING CORRESPOND- ENCE.grained than the foreign, and hence more suitable for banding and less for sole-leather purposes.powers of endurance, and that these developmcnta of' the purely physical almoet always coexist with stout hearts and clear heads, it cannot be denied th»t bodily"320 d o , "joO do104 d o . . . . . 3f» do~}('j) d o 109 do . . • 2«5 dohJe d>minujSon of the foreiga element in the streets Eunice got her name Manwee.. The Indians of the «f kanagalva ami Yokuhama. The. native tradca- Piehgachtigok tribe (or Schaghticoke, as we call-it) weo, squalled oo their clean mate, miss the gen- are an offshoot of the Pcquods, the most powerfal tribe;-....«rou«-hcar| eu tars who made such good customers, and grow <aily more entreating to those of us who amain, tJN * we may step in and relieve their bur-of New-England. In the war between'King Phiiip and the English settlers, in which Gideon Manwee- s«mnm took part, a portion of the Peu^uods were drivwn into the borders'of this State; among these were the Piabgacnti^ok a.BA Y ARD3d lust, has been received.esq.-ifiir.—Yourletterof thedened she! res. Trade in Japan hes its ebb and«ow,the<ivemment being its controlling lumi-*arv. Th*e w nadoubt that the present Govcrrt-saent is op3oeed to foreign intercourse and seeks County, N. Y. It was formerly &large tract, but is to •fcrtructltrade all that the treaty wdl allow now redeced a to few acre*. From sales of a part ofwon't be able to draw a better brief, and make :iftng mm hand across his throat, in expressive gesture. English passion for betting on horses, loet 15,G00f. 3he Dutch Consul was awakened, a few bights ner husband, ignorant that ehe had any stake on theand Saratoga; thousands eagerly gathered to benefit therefrom; a great excitement arose; some shrewdTHE' *' DRREFRESSIBLE CONFLICT."The customers of the Swamp merchant are, as hasfringed pink and the blue gentian.two sKght earthquakes the present month.way to Alabama. She was represented as being at the advanced age of 102 years. She expired almost before it was known that she was ill. ,AN HOUR IN LEATHERSTREET.•aa*eize, generally located on the upper floors of the mo- partially destroyed. Thewj buildings have been set 00this tract, the Indians (half brccda) derive a small in- On the eieningof the 12th init. the Imperial Pal- come, and an overseer, appointed by the Superiorace at Yeiido was burned. For days thereafter «verv Jana icse had to tell you his great sorrow for tbeEmpertrandaffiiction at thiscalamity. Well fiiey m& * exceeding sorrowful, for their pock- ets, not the JEmperor's, must pay the reouilding. The palace! just burned was erected six years ago, and live more are said to be necessar Ty to complete another. The Japanese au- thorities profiled by this occasion to issue a decree tlat no copper for the present should be exported, as all would be needed in the reconstruction of the palace, Under the same ex- cuse, they notified the various Consuls in writing, that no moie coin could be exchanged. The latter •edict, though formally made, has not been observed. Itnbous have been exchanged for foreign silver daily aJnce, except on holidays, though in amounts quite insufficient for the demand. The Japanese trades- men also declare that the Government have en- •deavored to limit them in a covert way in the amount of products to be sold, such as silks, oils, «&c The Custom House officials have wearied of their boys' play at exchange, giving out ten dollars in as many millions applied for. They have dis-covered that figures do sometimes lie, when they say. that the micatto cook of a hundred-tun schooner wishes to convert a thousand millions of Mexi- can dollars into itzibous! The present regu- lation is that no one person shall applylor more than $5,000 each day, and that the appli- cation m«*t be made in the morning personally, and t&e pro rata paid in the afternoon to the same per- «en. Whereas, till within a day or two, lists of names were handed in, and any amount appended that humor dictated. I am sorry to add that men were found willing to demean themselves, and insult the friendly officials, by inserting in their lists names•of tine vilest description. Under the prer«ent ar- rangement, the largest amount exehanged is one •dollar to each hundred applied for. SpeculatorsCourt of Litchfield County, distribues it to them. "When Gideon Manweesemum, who was the last Sachem of this tribe, ruled, the tract was laid out in oblong strips, so as to give each family an equal right to rh'e fishing and hunting grounds, and the separate fields the Indians wereeoape!led tooultivdte. Gideon is.said to have been a good rulert compelling the In-dians to work, and prehibitmg dniiking, a habit which is fatally fascinating to the Indian. They are said to have greatly prospered under his reign. ' On the death of Gideon the office of Chief became vacant, though Eunice inherited the blood and disti&ctioo of royalty. During the Revolution the tribe was quite numerous, furoii>hin£ a hundred warriors; now only nine familiesof half-breeds (about fifty in all) remain.Eunice has been twice married, but of nine children she has not one living. With her first husband, John Suttar y, ebe came to Kent, but he dying, she married Peter Sherman. In 1844 she was baptized, and re- ceived into the Congregational Church in Kent, and hei fubsequent life gave assurance of the sincerity ofher faith.She has been kindly cared for by her grand daughter,Lavma Cartor, with whom she has resided for some years past. Since early in the Pall her pow- ers, both mental and physical, have been gradually declining, and we hear that she died one day last creek. Her funeral was held on Saturday, and in the absence of the Rev. Mr. Scudder, the Presbyterian pastor, the sermon wa* preached by the Methodist clergyman, theWestern Africa,Madagascar and Zanzibar, among which areoccasionallyfound some skinsthatwouldpuzzlea naturalist to decide whether they were origiually on the back of the bullock, gnu, or elephant. Calcutta and other Asiatic ports send lis also their share of hides, and a cargo was lately received from Alexandria,Egypt. Those were a dry-salted article, of rather light weight. A large portion of the African' hides are light, and better adapted for upper-leather, and consequently go to Boston and Salem rather than New-York.fully trimmed, scraped, and cured from the.negroes ofDuring the ten years from 1847 to '57, the value ofout stopping for breath. And not a male retail dry- goodsclerkinthecity,who, bybeing thatverything is doing a wrong to Woman, by usurping, in so much, her legitimate work, but -will fe»l elevated above the unmanly occupation of doling out dimes' worth of tape, in exact proportion to the glory he earns by dexterous manipulations of weights, and ropes, and hooks, and barp, and the other special providences of the Gym- nasium. A man who is enough of a man to climb, hand over hand, a forty-foot swinging rope, will speed- ily tire of peddling books and eyes.The public attention is at this time very strongly attracted to the subject of gj mnastics; the more so for the reason that we have now in this city a family of gymnastswho, by their during and graceful feats of strength and skill, have made themselves the present wonder of the town. Their achievements are the more remarkable from their originality, being, for the most part, entirely out of the lino of stereotyped circus per- formances. The nightly crowds that throng Niblo'a Garden, and their wonder *t the feats of tbe Haulou brothers, testify the interest of all classes of people in muscular gymnastics. The Haulon family are, with- out question, the finest gymnasts that have ever pub- licly exhibited in America. True, we have had, and still have, admirable performers who, as heroes of the sawdustring, have heretofore challenged our admira- tion; who were marvelous in the somerset way, won- derful in jumps, and miraculous in the springboard busi- ne8S—-who could stand on their heads and take then- wine and walnuts, and who seemingly perambulated the ring with more case on the palms of their hands than on their plantar fascia:. In the exercises of the balloons, the banners, the hoops, the hurdles, the ropes, , the wires, the bars, the poles, and all the other old- fashioned business of the ring, our Yankee eircue men were prrfect. But the achievements of these brothers are different fiom these, and arc very difficult' and very graceful, uud all performed with aa easy cer- tainty andperfectconfiden.ee in their own powers that removes from the mind of the spectator all apprehen- sion for their safety, even while they are undertakingfeats seemingly impossible.They have excited so much admiration during theirDEATH OF AN OLJj INDIANPRINCESS.—A few days ago, the Emperor of Austria gave alieutenant's commission, and 200 florins for hia outfit, one of tho most prominent and important. Of ancientis said to have been their first convert, having beenFrom South America is obtained the great supply offoreign hides. Those which come from the Orinoco training, exercise, and gymnastics should take a mucb and La Plata Rivers are of better quality than from more prominent placO in our educational schemes flhau almost any other' section. Buenos Ayres, Montevideo, is at present accorded them. There is no young man and Bolivia (formerly Angostura) are immense liide- in the land who won't be a better man, as well as aThe Indian Reserve is located in the town of Kent, and, I believe, touches the town of Dover, Dutchessclearer anl more logical argument, if ne has previouslyRev. Mr. Kirk. *PERSONAL.J. B.price one-half; since then, a recovery of 25 per cent has occurred, but the trade is still-considered depressed. New-York, Boston, Salem, Baltimore, and Philadel-—The successfal contestants at the last semi-annual exhibition of Columbia College, are of noted families in this, city. Walter Cutting, who carried off the firstprize, is the son of R. 1». Cutting, the broker, and thenephew of F. B. Cutting, the lawyer. Charles A. r«ligiou» belieJ, although rt was Detain, and not a simple faith in Spencer, who came off second beet, is the son of the the Scriptures as divinely inspired. Whether such be your realbel's yard is the only remnant left of- the old S wunp tanneries. Tnere he still (keeps a few vats in opera-were 3,503,547, of which 2,340,368 were received by New-York; total in 1858, 3,028,724; in 1857, 2,636,554.sentiments your otvn conscience only can decide I pretend .not ia the gold coin of the empire are abundant Rev. Dr. Spencer, the writer and Orieatal traveler, to judge you, but I am bound to draw my own inferences fromis now nearly thirty years since the. general practice ber of domestic hides, mostly on the cattle, was 17,000,- of tanning in the Swamp was crowded out. It ia nowfar cheaper'to', send the hides into the country, cure 0C0, of which it was calculated that 25 per cent werethem, and return tho leather for sale, than bring down the necessary cark and use it here.In 1810, the business of the largest house in theSwamp did not exceed $150,0U0 per annum. It is of Swamp. These parties go to the docks, select, pur-and the grandson of Louis Loutrel, well known among the indications apparent, and I regret that nothing in your letter the purchase of kobangs, which would remunerate the older residents of the ci;y. The contest between removes these unfavorable Impressions. |B R O K E R A G E .Within the last twenty years the system of employ-Large amounts of treasure have been sent hero forhandsomely, if enough could be had. Yokuhama has no banks or sub-treasuries, and it is no ancommon sight to see mauy thousands of Attars lying m bags or boxes on a bedroom .floor, protected by the sleeper's wakeful ear and ready revolver. The Japanese are not the wraple, honest Arcadians we are generally taughtto believe, for they readily admit among themselves that thieves are plenty. Only yesterday, Tony, my man Friday, cautioned me against the careless wayI had of leaving loose articles of dresa or other things, in the house, for there were "tanto, tanto," pkroty, plenty, of thieves, who would slide thetheee two gentlemtn was very close, and many thought that the latter would receive the first prize. The. Judges were almost divided in their preference.You conclude with tae strong words, " Yodrs for free thought " and enlightened Christianity." In a proper sense I unite with you in desiring these blessings; but the very forme of your expres- sion remind me that with many at the North " free thought" hasing brokers has obtained among the merchants of thedegenerated into " frvt) thinking," or infideii»'y, and culminated in —David E. Hubbard, Of Glactenbury, Connv died " free love," and that they have sought to " onhgaten" Cnristiani- in that town February 20, at the ripe old age of 82. ty by holding up in tho face of the Son of EighteouHness the Judge II. was known and esteemed by a large circle *nnoXir>g tap^r of their so-called " higher law." For such " freeof friends outside the limits of his own immediate com- " thought and enlightened Christianity" I am not, but I am munity. More than forty years ago, he took an active Youra for Constitutional Liberty, and the Christianity of theso-called "Jacob's Well." Many years ago, certain twelve firms in the'xbusiness, who employ clerks, and stay here, that a few facts concerning them will doubt- worthytannersboredforwater inthecenterof Jacob are simplyresponsibleforthe proper performance of lessproveirteresting. .street, it being euraaised that some excellent springs their duties. L- . Tbe performers are six brothers, Thomas, George, were submerged in that vicinity. True enough, a bub- The leather that is returned from the factories is in- William, Alfred, Edward, and Frederick. The father, bling fountain was reached, which overflowed in spark- spected by a man appointed by the trade. Formerly Thomas Hanlon, senior, was a stage manager forpart in the public affairs of the State, having been in Bible, thememorable politicalrevolutionof1818, andamem* R. It. H O W I S O N . MR. TAYLOR'S REPLY.ber of the Convention of that year which framed theUTICA, N. Y., Feb. 20, 1860. SIR: I acquit you of intentional discourtesy, though" new Constitution." With the exception of Wm. my own BtftDdard of good breeding would lead ine to —At the last ChantiUy Ttacee, a lady well known in the tenor of your letter, I am not HOmuch surprisedicrt*nM, walk in, and help themselves; showingme in expressive pantomime hew it could be done, Hnngerford of Hartford, he was the only surviving omit 8Uch insinuations of infidelity, spiritualism, and by taking up a box from the table that held a few member of that body. free-love, aa you have seen fit to apply to me. Promling abundance. The water was at once observed to this was enforced by law, and afterward continued have a pungent, saline, or astringent taste, and a ru- from choice. The Inspector stamps the weight uponmany years, and at one time1 won considerable celeb- rity on the stage as a delineator of Irish and Scotch character., Thomas Hanlon, the eldest of the broth- ers, was born at Kingston, near Dublin; George was born in Belfast; William, Alfred, and Edward wereborn in Manchester, England, and Frederick first saw the light in Liverpool. Their ages are now as followst Thomas, 24; George, 22; William, 20; Alfred, 17; Edward, 12, and Frederick 10. There ia also a little sister, aged 8, who is not to be brought up in the pro- fession.At a very early age, Tnomas brought him- self favorably before the notice of the Profes- sors of the Athenaeum, Manchester, England, by the attention he paid to his gymnastic exercises.copper coins, thrusting it among the folds of bis *: *ree«, and stepping out. But, said he, only let the povexnor catch them, and off go their heads jdraw-mor soon spread of its marvelous curative powers. Itwas said that it equaled the famouw wells ofBallston weight thus registered.the fashionable circleR at Paris, inocculated with thethat you should eee nothing insulting in the atcempt to subject a free man to censorship, not only of speech but of thought.each lot, and it is sold, whether sooner or later, at the—Sayera is said to be in fine condition."fancy" do not approve of the attitude of Hoenan, tho Benieia Boy. " H e holds his hands up like a girl,' wan the remark of a renowned ci-devant broker of •.be light-weights. He added: " Tom will iiud his workonce, by the noise of one of hit screens stfttmg, race, entered the grand-stand in great glee, havinghand to rep*;l midnight marauders. Fortunately, not partake of bis joy at thia good fortune, he" offered " Scriptore and Reason"—that Jellersou, if now living, ulous price; immense sums were oifered for it and re-he bethought himself of a hand-organ that stood to ehare hie gains with her, upon which Bhe avowed "'would uot-be a welcome visitor to a Virginia, com- futed. Soon certificates of wonderful cures were given from the stores piled in his warehouse. A large por-« a r his bed. Cautiously approaching it, he seized j her Iocs. • Like a kind husband, he immediately paid munity"—when I find, in a History of Virginia, writ- and published—the water being slightly purgative iu tion of the boots and shoes made by them are sold totie crank, and began to grind out its dolorous j ft, saying, however, "I must take a house for you, ten byyourself, this declaration: " Tne last and most it&.ellects. But at last, one day, a sudden cnange was the South; this branch of industry, like the minufac-Minds. At the very first discharge of its broken madam, in the country; there is no longer any ques- " important cause, unfavorably affecting Virginia, ture of planters' hoes, not having been attempted to notes, like so many slugs, he had the satisfaction to observable in both taste and smelJ; from an agreeableheir quick retreating footsteps. "Why should we tion about that; and never let me hear of your betting " which we shall ment.on, is the existence of Slaveiy bitter, the water assumed a disagreeable rankness, with any extent by our Southern bretuern. Consequently an} longer fear for downtrodden Italy, who so pre- again." In England, women who possees an indepen- " within her bounds "—and also this: " We apprehend a ;bouqvet very suggestive of tainted hides. And now the leather dealers fear that the "irrepressible con-,It autonishes me, nevertheless, to hear from you thatspeculators, prominent Swamp merchants, bought the been said, principally Eastern manufacturers of boots and footsteps on the floor. B e had no weapon at won 20,0G0f. on Black Prince. Observing hia wife did Washington's opinions on Slavery were contrary to lot including the spring; it was held by them at a fab- and shoes. They come here and select for themselvesemeentlj excels in this arm of defense !dent fortune bet like the men. The daughter of a great " that, in general, the people of Virginia hohl Slavery some skeptical fellows, whose impudent doubts had flict" will indirectly exercise a deleterious influence on Encouraged by their notice, he persevered, and soon English poet, Ada; the sole fruit of his unfortunate " to be an enormous evil, bearing with fatal power hitherto been frowned down by public opinion, came their trade, and are inclined, like all handlers of the becamo, as a child, remarkable. It is worthy of n^)te marriage, fell a victim to her passion for betting. " upon their prosperity." Allow me to ask whether boldly forth from their iiiding places, and, asseverated " almighty dollar," to attend " Union meetings," and that, in after y6ara, he became Professor of Gym-fense, though it will be difficult to bring the crime sonal fortune. It was her ruin; her husband, inex-> The noticts of my lecture on Humboldt, to which tannin and decayed cow-hides. A general laugh en- cover, however, that any injury has been really felt byhome to him, now that the only witnessing eyes are orable, allowed her a small pension, upon which sheyon refer, do not correctly represent my expressions. sued; the ancient purgatives again came into favor, and the prosperous Leather Guild, in consequence of theWhile the tbree elder boys were yet children, they were apprenticed to John Lees, an English gymnast of come renown, of whom they learned the rudiments ofclosed in death.JKunor says that our Minister at Yeddo has takenaaid ha^> declined a reception unless guaranteed advancing him to an Eiil'8 coronet, as Earl Dadley of freedom rom the same. Dudley Castle, is well known in the midland countiesumbrage at the manner of a recent reception atCourt, The precise nature of the disrespect shownI am unible to ascertain. The French Minister is her intention to bestow a mark of her royal favor, bySTABILTY OF THE TRADE.Many things unite to make the Hide and Leather bu- their profession, and with whom they remained forsiness more stable and conservative than almost any more than ten years, visitiug many foreign countries. other branch of trade. There is not, as in moat other Four years ago, Lees died in Havana, and the three"The missionaries sent out by the Presbyterian and-Dutch Keonncd Churches met no obstacle to their Worcestershire. Fabulous stories are told ofstated, nor do I believe, that he was merely a Deist.It is useless to recapitulate my remarks, because theyreferred to him alone. I trust I have too much goodN A T U R E O F T H E S W A M P T R A D E . Seven-eighths of tho heavy business now done in the Swamp i» confined to what ia denominated the "Sole-lines, that concentration of custom at certain poriods of the year, known as the Spring and Fall business. Allboys returned to England, assumed the care and train- ing of theiryounger brothers, and organized the presentglace, a c c e n t e d D y a n interpreter and suite. The •eject of his rjgjt was to demand the surrenderYour repeated allusion to " free-love" might haveborrowleesmoneythanmostotherclassesofour merchants, although they have. to lock up then- capittd•-!?nv £* ^he Ptereat manifested.• TVho is that ?» *aid the Mayo,• !&!?8Cb^rifled,"wasth.reoiv• *Who put him to death ?"W^}'•^Who are these on cither side?» •*Two thieves!"jSP* wa8 he Put Uj dcath with them/"" T h e mose to dishonor him."Many more questions were asked, and a* frwho commanded the expedition, which} sailing from the prospect of * speedy and abandaift reward for his. answered. In fact, the Doctor, before he w lMstill proceeding eajpvarl, joined the expeditions fromsome slight change, bo stepped upon a belt, was at days in water, and then allowing them to steam in a once drawn under a large cylinder and instantlycrushed to death. The body was recovered as noon as confined room until tho hair bocomeB loosened and fallsMr. Cunen's stock was valued at $5,000, and was in- . p e d for $3,000 in the Eagle, and $2,000 in the Me-retired to ah estate in Rutlandshire. Six months after this exile, the poor lady dkd of despair.I Baid " he possessed an unbounded scornfor the incan- the speculative real-estate o-vners put their lingers in " ness and inconsistency uf many loud-mouthed pro- their mouths and charged the investment to account of "fessors of Cliristtamty," and also repeated a remark profit and loes. . .of his, satirizing • unworthy clergymen. I neithergreat movement of the day.—Lord Ward, upon whom her Majeety has signifiedas one of the largest landowners in Staffordshire andfriendsofSirJohnFranklinclaimthatthecreditisdue to him for it, and that Lis widow is, in consequence,entitled to the £20,000 3tfe.-ed by the British Govern- a fortnight ago the first machine was put up at thereliance.Withitthe"dryhides,"comprisingtheThe Jewish rulers.""V/hy did they put him to death 1»"Because he offended th*,,, bv re i • *w • ment for that discovery. The British Government has paper mill in West Cummingtpn, Hampshire County.aiuz," . " °y re»uking their already awarded the pri se to Sir R. M'Clure, the officer It worked like a charm, aad on last Friday the happy inventor wrote to his wife, exulting iuThe English,Tie Chinaman who was so terribly hacked just.previous to my last date has since died of his Having Btaked an amount of £80,000 on the your history was written by the light of " Scripture that the essential qualities of "Jacob's Well" could at reconcile their consciences to anti-agitation of ques- nastics in this very inetituton, where he first learned•wo««ds. A. Japanese has been arrested for the of- De»by, she lost three-quarters of it, all her per- "and Reason 7" any time be obtained by making a decoction of ancient tions affecting human rights. We cannot as yet dis- to develop hia youthful muscle.Among the giant commercial interests of this Metro- polis, the trade in Hidea and Leather has grown to berocco-dealer's store. Sumac is tho tannin by which this beautiful article is produced. It is stained and polished entirely by hand; last of all, with a beaded reller, the graining is effected that give* it its peculiarGYMNASTICS.T A YLOR,1 am traly sorry >hat you should consider anything iu my last ltngth of Ferry to Pearl fi^roet, and almost every store, lantic and Pacific Coasts of South America, great quan-50 do 2M dn.\ 'A do.:l.;. .«letter porsonaUy discouTteona of insultlDg to you.Certainly such was not my intention, nor do I bel?«v© that thetatter, in whole or iu part, can with fair now he s> ooDHtrued.It was due aa well to yourself aa to tho*e I represented, that, in withdrawing the invitation previously giveu to you, I should in- form you plainly of our reaaonB for BOdoing. Aud your letter inno drgree removes or dhnini»he8 the force of those letteons'.It was not gecerally known in this oominuiity thas you wereiconnected with THE N. I. TRIBUNE, «nd the fact of such con-nection assumed a rtigtiiCconce in the light of recent eventa, which causedopenexpressionsof dissatisfaction.And when, in addition to tin's, you inform me that you " hold " the opinions of Washington and Jefferson on the subject of " Slavery," your paitiul editorship of THE TUIBONE indicates a positive sympathy with its doctrines. Washington and Jefl'eison were great, but human; they lived and diod before the subject of Slavery bad been thoroughly discussed in view of Scripture and reason, and above all, they diod befoio modem Abolitionism had commenced its pestilential career.Washington's opinions in favor of emancipation were mod< rata, and,' in hit time,'not objectionable; but JoHorcon wont much further. .on both ri^ht and left, is redolent of leather and piled with heaps of hides brought hither from every grazing country in the world. A condensed sketch of the early and later condition of the Hide and Leather busiaesB, and of the mods in which it is conducted, will be in- structive to all who take an interest in the growth of that commerce which is the band of our Metropolitan supremacy.FIFTY YEARS AGO.From Col. William Kumbel, the senior merchant of the Swamp, and other veterans thereabout, we have gleaned some interesting details of the appearance of that locality at the commencement of the nineteenth century. Then a comparatively email number of for- eign hides were imported; the business of the Swamp merchant embraced both trading and tanning. Every etorehad a tannery annexed, and the hides were all cured on the premises. In fact, the block bounded by Jacob, Ferry, Frankfort, and Gold streets was entirely taken "up with tan-yards. There was not -a three-story builoingon Ferry street. The leading establishments were then owned by Abraham Polhemus, DanielTucker, Henry Ortley, and Peter Brunet. Abrahamitably t'lrovgh his exercises with the parallel bars and tities are received, as also from the western shores the horizontal ladder; there is no law student whor^M. S. kKJn.G'dS 104 do , ..2.PP0 Vtiled F-iat*« 5* 2,000 0 1 . Stit* '.*... ),om Virginia State C 4,000 <2o...20.W 0 iliiuouri Sta-v, '. SfCOMich.On.R.R. UtM.S.KCor10McTrbauW Bank.:70DcL &. Hud. Ca:.^. 210 Pacific Mail 8. S. < 2C0 do200 Comb. Coal Pref. lOOPena. Ccal C o . . . # 0 Bead :.'i5 K i t . * . .The Stock market iiut as the call pror^c eition fehown to sell si Centxul sold as higa ; freely, it fell off to moirow, but' there for delivery. The n lining one, but for rri large amount of c;*.;:a rather encourage'! t Albany, and would p for the icUaence abo\ at 93, and, without emoderare transactior, Iwat we/ k or two are itto stronger hamia. at 92. The market sold as high aa 13;14, time. Reading ws buv from Philadeip I h e discussion in il giird to tlie extension to tbe Hudson River JJew-Je* 6ty Trac.'p'O aa low £3 117. I; sol•Jersey Central, on tin and 104 was bid at rol fl^arys generally -we: free supply of cash =t<5rm, and closed at transactiouu <*ere to c heavy. Virginias f<U '4? cent. Ralroad iio At the Second Board t with BO marked, disj. were fully sustain- i descriptions, includi. g vpnee ee':ibli8bed. Ti 6s,924i»92J; Missouri16|<&17; Cun?ber)a--'d <91$ *92; New-York < |3Kailrcad, 9'&9i; HaHarlem Railroad, 9 i -3! lieading. Railroad, 4CU road, 37J33S; Micbigj diana Railroad, '']•; Panama Railroad, L3 road,&•%-@5<)jj; G-i<.-n Cleveland andToie<io Reck It?and BaijroaThe leading crr.—e day to 109$, but there First-data gignatuTt s even 109 -was notf.:::j r.es\ The amount c( been quite large, i'r and cue bill of a mi:.kOuteice bills are in i. from NeW-OrJeans to atiCS|?108J-,andche cenjt premium. - ,Freights, to Livernc at ^1.; GOO boxes B 4Qs.; and, per packet London, .150 bbl?. Poi •Checee at -10j..; 160 oa aKK V iSO fev; 500. To Glasgow, 4,000 bu U&. Rico at l47s. ''.'. vsjja -with Shooke asThe business of th $289,578 11—for Cust 439 40; Balance,-$9.S:Compar^'ive states the mouth of Jant: > rj and State Line Raiir.jiIS-39 sr£.\"6l 1-3 ' tr ;;;*> 21.W7 91illard and GiieonLeo carrkd on extenfeive concerns. Cunningham & McConrii ek at that time owned a large yard, of over 100 vats, out of town, near the old "pow- der-house" site, I. e., in the neighborhood of the pres-hides are those from the Red River region of the south- west, known as " Indian-handle hides."hides nearly trebled in this market, nor was the supply As to your lecture on Humboldt, I havo never heard it, and as ent Gramercy Park. All were tanners, and did a equal to the demand. In the crisis of '57, they fell in;thrifty business. Last year, in digging the foundation of Mr. Smith Ely's new store, on the corner of Gold and Cliff streets, just at the edge of the ancient Swamp,it bus not betn pu&Hahed in full, I nave of course not road it. Butce: tain extracts from it, «od statements of parts of it have appearedin the papers, THE TiUBTjN K a'juong others, the accuracy of whichyou have not, within my knowledge, denied. One of theso rep-resents you oa saying Unit ilumnolat rarely attended Diviuo ser- were discovered numerous strata of tan deposits from phia are the only ports that receive hides. In the year vice, and that he possessed un unbounded scorn for much that iathe vats of olden times. But a portion of Col. Kam- just closed, the*total imports into th^ United State3called religion; that his roii,i;iouM nature waB perhaps too df.ep tofind expression by such methods; tnat in a conversation withyourself he uttered a satire upon clergymen, and to thia, certainrerna/ks of your own arc added, from ail of [which, others beside tion, partly, we reckon, for old association's sake. It So long ago as the census of 1850, the estimated num- myself had inferred that you vindicated and approved Humboldt'slate years that the Leather trade, like every otherbranch of our commerce, has taken Buch enormous they have a commission. Great dexterity is needed strides. and acquired by them in judging of *the quality and' " JACOB'S W E L L . " value of the v/irious cargoes. Formerly the broker Among other interesting incidents narrated in the was comparatively a humble individual, and used to do history of the Swamp is the laughable episode of the all the wharf work himself. Now "there are ten ortaste and good sense, to intrude my o svn religious view» Leather trade." The light, " upper-leather" hides go through the Summer and Winter there is a steady de- company.texxlmg onxhi* soil, so long forbidden to teacher* of his wealth, which is largely derived from ex into lectures which are listened to by members of all to Boston; with one or two exceptions, our largo deal- mand for leather." Tho business hours of the Swamp It- may easily be supposed that their wondrous gym- »eChri«tiaQ laitb. Application having been made ers are. exclusively employed in tho purchase of im- nastic proficiency has been only attained by the most:to /he Government through Consul Dorr, for tensive coal mines on lus Staffordshire estates; Chrir)tian sects. range generally from 9 a. m. till 3 p. m. At 0 o'clock•houses, seveial temples were placed at their dispo- and he has lately become an extensive land- Let me once more urge upon your attention the fact, ported and domestic bides, on commission or for own the locality is silent enough. But the grand secret of severe and persistent practice. Even now, several sal to»elect from. A singular fact, too, it was that owner in Scotland, having purchased a considerable that I am neither a politician nor a theologian, but an account, sending them to the tanners in the country, the success and strength of the Swamp trade lies in the hours every day are spent in arduous training, espe-toe idWs should be summarily ejected to give room portion of what once was the princely inheritance of author. What my political opinions are, concerns no and receiving them back converted into marketable fact that such a large capital is required for its conve- cially by the younger brothers. Their feats are allt o the ostruetors. of a new faith, whose object in the Macdonnellsof Glengarry. His lordship is the e'der one, so long as I do not proclaim them publicly. For leather; This they sell to the Eastern Bhoe manufac- nient prosecution. From nine months to a year are of- invented by Thomas, who contrived the perilous lad- comingbere must have been known. Two temples of the two sons of the late Rev. Wm. Humble Wsird, my religious fuith I am answerable to God alone. I turers. When acting on commission for the tanners, ten consumed between the purchasing of the hides and der, a revolving machine for some daring exercises bywere ta« obtained for dwellings, at a moderate who late in life succeeded to the barony CHtenth Lord will enter into no discussion with you upon these the charge is five per cent for buying and forwarding the ultimate realization on the leather. There are onlv the boys, which has not yet been exhibited here, andrent fervants are likewise obtained on applica- Ward, and died shortly afterward in 1835. He was points, for I deny your right, or the right of any other the hides, and six per cent for effecting and guarantee- about thirty large firms in the business; three-fourths many other contrivances which have as yet been kepttion to to local authorities. Tho Government is a ing the leather' ealea. The city hides arc salted down in tho ba:kground in this city, owing to the eicknesar -grand mc0poly, from the hire of a temple to that born in 1817, so that he ha» not yet completed the 43d man, to catechise me. Wl»en I deliver my lectures on of these being in the sole-leather line, and the remain-*t the sevarit who cooks your rice and the coolie year of his age. He is dietinguhdied as an Alcibiadee. " The Arabs," " Arctic Life," and " Moscow" (as I by the Butchers' Hide Association, at their warehouse ing fourth divided between the different brauches men- of William, who is admitted by all the brothers to boIreir*"*!'*'-.' ••••—The young Prince of Orange, who is expected to proposed doing at Richmond), your bnsiness with me on the corner of First avenue and Fifth street, before tioned above. These houses do a business ranging from the best gj mnast of them all. On the 5th of Novem-who carne Y O u r pa r c e i. JJQ the 8treets, The mis- «onaries ha been resident at Kanagawaa fortnight whentheyr%rve<ia cajjfromtheMayorofthety-five feet to the floor. He struck on hia feet, but; of all Chinese oeJuj in their pvssession which he of it in Paris, when on bia way to see his JLancec. been spared. I shall rejoice as heartily as yoareelf, are mostly landed on the Brooklyn side of the East perity of the leather merchants ia in the simple fact violence, dislocating his elbow, and severely injuring<MaltrteJniBgJUad. $1-2,4716113,428 63. . . .marry the English Princess Alice, being determined to "havehisfling"beforeallowinghimselftobebound in the chains of matrimony, lately had a "fast" timeextenos no fuithcr than to demand that my statements becorrectandmynarrativeentertaining.they ere shipped to the tanners. With the importation $250,000 to $4,000,000 per annum apiece, and, withal, ber last, while performing the double trapeze act, in, a**I were prohiited. Dr. EL on whom the de- This came to the knowledge of his intended mother-in- when the small band of licentious free-lovers disappearsmand was made respectfully declined as he was law, and she prevailed upon his father, the King of from the North, and when a race of mulattoee is no River, where there is plenty of dock room, and that during the panic of 1857, when the best houaee top-The earnings' of :1road Co., from Feb. s IS'his left hand. He has been unable to perform since that time, though the excellent surgeon under whoso carehonowis,informshimthathewillbeabletoap- pear again in a month or aix weeks.Among them was a crueinx*D) which, not wish- because of his "spree," ladies being partial to gentle- topograpnical engineer in the Russian service, but a The tanneries to which the hides are sent are vari- J. Caucus as a wholesale liquor store, but nf)uiarui double ba*a, and his head through one of the kettle- mg to offend the people in v sensitive point, the men who are '• a little wild." The throne of Holland Prussian by birth, becomingih solved in some difficalty ously located in hemlock districts, on the lines of the was given, the flames being speedily extinguished by drums;, he hiniBolf was uuinjurod save to the extent of"dry" or "green-salted," according to the condition the Swamp I Long may so firm and honorable an in- Dorr j>as demanded n explanation of this insulting young women from the Grand Opera to temper exile, find that " constitutional liberty" means a tyranny in which they.arrive. The former are sun-dried before terest continue prominent among our noblest Commer-Freight$ic,t>^and reierred the w<,te matter to the Consul. Mr. the Garonne he went, taking with him three handsomeI cannot join in your closing declaration, when I•*.'-'' >i _Totsi $>i«,rr:-j!The loJlo^in^r *u*;.t ltaading K^iiroad duriijKcc^irtvi !>o=i Coal..... Men l'«rnlL-»»... • •' Travel. 6iCTotalTrtMJOortstion, w©*jway,Fimp, suvi all chargeXl* yiofit for Ihe c ent Nft piotit rr«;0'<i''':2 ,J1Tetal net profit for t-.ro Thoearningsoft'.second W<NX'U of, Vebrt I860 ; . . ' . . . HWJ ....';IncreaseThe second week • ul ;jiP,C^9, a gain of u o;We annex a compa (exclusive of. bpevie; i for tho week und ehioV>V ttu> W«V!»lc.I*iv\ iouxdy i n c i t e d .Slncv Jan. 1, • . • • . f V ' The business of £ ? <T h e H i s t d r a f t s i\ t L •Outer certificates ".it t1 $:i30,C00Werept»id\ bar»em<int from thic •*wwk will probabh !x ••already sufueient;ea*cticipau-d, however, ti* week, to some ex'viil th« pw^ciit rate of 02^phl^xceci'S, and we fi«4emaod,wherethe*atterforthepresentres*. andmakeitendurable. Theseweretakenfromhim, overthoughtunknownindespoticAustria,andthat shipment,andcommandherenearlydoublethepriceof D r . H . had a few day^ p r e v i 0 U 8 presented a copy and at the end of four days he was again in Paris; " the Christianity of tho Bibjlo" includes an inquisitor- the latter. .of a Chinese Geography^ a young man who oftenfailed, and who was pron o ly the informer. Dur-mg this visit the Mayor's ^jte, peering about, spied•ome pictures in an adjoixDg room, and withoutwaiting for an invitation, w^edin to look at them. The Princees Alice will probably like him none the less A MELANCHOLY FATE.—feome three years ago a er, sheep-skin, and morocco departments, respactively. in the basement of No. 81 JNassau street, oeenpied by demolithing three fiddles, putting his heels through thowhereupon he was ordered to pack up his traps and go to Cherbourg, where, though it is so near to the sea, it ia supposed he will be safe from the songs of the sirens.ial bigotry from which even Catholic Spain is free. IL R. HOWISON, KSQ.While, as we have eaid, the weight of the SwampFIRES.and his entire property in perfecting an improvement upon the steam-engine, and securing an American and English patent for it. It was at last completed,and aboutwhich holes had been bored for the liquor to had in a period of nearly twenty years performance. great bulk of those received, are tanned—the green- run out and increase the flamts. In other casks stand- . The Hanlon brothers are all exceedingly intelligenting in various places about the basement, holes had men, possertoug more than ordinary accomplishsnents. salted requiring the astringent oak tannin for their also been bored from which the liquor was rapidly They epeak French and Spanish fluently, and can.proper manufacture. Leather made from the latter is flowing. The brace and bit with which tho holes hadwhiter thantne hemlock production, especially when been made were found upon tho. floor. Several boxes make themselves understood in Hindostanee, German,denuded of the hair by the old " liming" process, i. e., of wine, valued at about $75, were destroyed. In the and Russian, and one or more of them knows some-sub cellar immediately beneath whore the fire was thing of Turkish. They are all fine musicians, and on that of soaking the hidea in water with slaked lime. kindled was a large crate of straw, and but for theglossiness and pliancy.,There is so much talk jutt now of physical dfgen- Of the domestic hides, which form a minor part of eracy, and the decline of manly strength and fine pro-SOURCES AND QUALITY OF THE HIDES.the supply, our own city furnishes the larger portion—of Mexico and California., though, since tbe gold dis-coveries, other interests have checked this traffic in thelatter region. The old California hide-trade will be a', distinguished Lixcself with the fifty-six-pound damb- once recalled by all who remember Richard II. Dana's bells; there is no embryo clergyman whose sarmoas delightful book, " Two Yfara Before the Mast." Large won't havo twenty times more convincing force if their quantities of bides are «h?o received from Eastern and author can run three times round the race-track with-As interesting facts, showing how much better than civilized people, savages understand what may ju6tly be called the primeval business of mankind, we will state that the very best hides in the world ara those prepared by the cannibal Minos tribe of Indians on the Amazon River; the best for upper-leather come beauti-yearly consumed.L E A T H E R-.chase, and inspect tho hides for the dealer. For thisofforeignhidestheSwampmerchantshavelittletodo;importers all over the city are engaged in this de-partment, and from them the hides are bought. They so long. The beBt evidence of the etrength and pros- the uhoek was so great as throV him down with greatyr-91O<A'i)t"i"< <* *•** • •Behring's Straits, reach< d the farthest point eastward long labors, and promising to return to heron Monday.attained by anyvessel. From thia point he abandoned On Saturday evening he went to the mill to observe The "dry hides" are "sweated," for the same pur- timely discovery the building would have undoubtedly short notice can extemporize a concert of far more ex-hie ship, after being two years shut up in the ice, and the working of the maehinerV, and, -while suggesting pose. This process consists of soaking the hides a few been destroyed. .cellence than many whose muiical pretensions ara more vehemently urged.We mnBt yield the honors of gymnastic sVill to onr?. through, gave his Honor a good screed of doctru,r Baffin's Bay, therflte completing the voyage and jour- ponbible, and on Monday—placed in a plain coffin and out. This is preferred to the old method for several chaciics' and Traders' Insurance Cos. Mr. Quick; one rivals of tho mother country, but the equestrian heroes,ney acjotts the NorrSfcVuierican continent from the Pa- J&meue, "which," he said, "would tell him the ••fie to the Atlanticaccompanied by a single machinist, who had learned of the Insurance pa rol discovered the fire, but fouudreasons. It pit serves the gelatine of the hide, which no one about the premises. The store door was un- of the ring are ours. Melville, Robinson, Macollum,to be his friend while assisting him inputting up bis- the lime abtorbs, Becures a gain of nearly 5i3 per cent locked, the incendiary, in his haste, forgetting to fasten Young Hernandez, and others, who have won a trans-, a n d ended by giving him a copy of the Go*pyl«mfr* whole history of the Man." "-Mrs. Ingalls, wife of Wm. Ingalls of Vernon, engine—all that remained of hizn who expected it or to curry away .the brace and bit.' Yesterday mora-W e are enjoying the finest autumnal weather. I N. h to return in the triumph of successful genius to his in weight, and cures the partially-tain^d spots whioh mg Capt. Weed and Sergeant Bruckett of the Second atlantic fame, are all American; beside whom, wowent to vbut a sick friend in Hinsdale on family, was on it« wity to New York. * . » much like your Indian Summer. Occasionally Thurto«.y j a ^ ^ n o t ^^^1^ on Saturday, herthe lime would eat out. The oak-tanned leather is most Precinct arrested Mr. Cunons on suspicion of firing the have a score at home who have never visited England lPittefi«ldE»g2o. used for belting, saddle and harness;manufacture; the building. The prisoner donioe the charge emphatical- or the continent, whom we would match against any<•come*arainyday.Lastweek,forthreesuccessivehusband^n^ ^itll^nejghborsinsearchofher.•••••-•!•.••IP |M^l^fc^MMW,.|,pjlfc.FKOOS.—An enterprising citizen of New-Jersey has hemlock-tanned for the great staple, boot and shoely,andaBBertethathecanproveanalibi.Thefiringihe Old World can produce.mornings, the thermometer stood at sunrise at 35°,he suppo8€S was done by some onemy, who wishod to Ofcourte, we shall not be long behind in tho ••hex? ruin him. Tbe building, which is five stories in-bight,floor aa a slioe Btare. at work—a man named Penney, of Dan Rice's Circus,36°, 34^, our coldest mornings for this season; 4,'P The poor w^n^, yvm foun<J a Ht5Jj-ono<j corpse on the prepared ponds for the purpose of raising frogs for the trade.bank of the Connecticut River. She was about 42 Inrowned with frosts; the foliage is fast dropping. years of age, and U»Ve, tt daughter 14 years of age.table. There theno amphibious vocalists are advancedfiom the tadpole decree to the maturity of froghocdwhen they are subjected to a rap on the head, whioh'ellectually retards their grOwttt and impairs their mu- yield with the fleece on. The foreign skins aro the tdcal powers. The posterior limbs are then divested of. best. Their tanneries are very exxenidve, and locatedto 60° is the usual morning range. The trees arejBvergreena are abundant in great variety. The -Thackeray has ** up a coach and a ooachmaa,The sheep-skin business is pretty much iu tho hands is owned by Eugene Ferris, who occupies the brat feats of strength and skill. Indeou*imitation is already•eople are busy harvesting the Tate rice. Chrysan- and a footxean.KIRK IN SULLIVAN STRJCKT.ibemoms, roses, and camellias are yet in bloom. In - A n elderly lady named Chittie died a few days their natural covering, (and sent to market, where theyjmy ^walks I meet the pleasant, familiar faces of the since on a train of the Pacific Railroad. She was ae- readily command the price of $1 per hundred a; whole- in tho northern part of Litchfield, Conn.Jhwfefyw, daisy, and violet, and, more rarely, the ccmjWBkd by a wxi-lu-law and family, „ *Mr. Edwards, and occupied by Mrs. White aa a dwell- alwayB lag far behind the excellence of, the original*. sale. Frogs oro becoming a common article of foad. Morocco ia manufactured from the goat-skins, direct- ing. The fire originated in tt e attic, and thence ex-wm<m wJN. Y. Cow. AdYvrtinw, ly ODthe upot. The curing is effected in vats of trawll tended to the root, causing damage to tho amount of If Mr. Penney wants to really distinguish himself, let f£00t No ianunuKG, The roof, yf $ o , CG wtw ubjg him attempt soiae novel uad hiibexto ua$ri»d &a£Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of one house, who import the skins, or buy the domesticPhiladelphia, has had one or two sevoro folia in at- At 3£ o'clock Tuesday morning, a fire broke out in tempting to copy some of Thomas Hanlon's feats, and the dwelling house No, 68 Sullivan street, owned by has already nearly broken his neck. Imitations museUntitled DocumentcialGuilds.ThosewhohaveseenThomasHanlonperformhis startling feats on the ladder, may be pleased to know that he haa never fallen from that bad eminence but. once, on which occasion ho came down head first frombusiness is confined to the sole-leather trade, there areseveral houses in the belting, harness and Baddle leath- FlttK IK NASSAU STREKT—WORK OF AN' XNcicNnURT. a height of forty feot, striking in the orchestra, utterlyAt 6 o'clock Tue*day morning, a fire was discoverediManchester,England,hemissedhisholdandfellthir-HANLON9Yn^az'T*>Ui]«, &« • ~*J' 0 www.fultonhistory.com 