 Tort,%per fwiittirI Btfhlex<>baageonN*wttJSm ftatontoLtrer- or twelve sarvtvors, thetor the present week, will be st tea e'eteok. Among othermatFAB FABleaves on*child, hiswifebarextinct ThedeceasedrYetfhts aad RAVABBAS, * • •for want of stock.Call.MSDCAM W AB, ATIMMTtOK.tarttedtst s ^ ^ a tsaseal, t h a (Satsrasy) afteraoen. a t .UrsaInm, AugustS,BAtmom.AofMtS.lSW •Mianiii * <en «•*»«! f — ' - ^r» (tract aad Otto _ —a $1 33. white « > a tt t y Ossaao a73c..white Tfe-iaWe. FrovtotensWhakeysteadyat20^ca21cder the constitution, some of whose prominent leaders ters, it will contain—A lively aoeoant of the Excursion.. Wheat doll rSd||l B *»1 » . « • " « A M a t l M Cteraelosedwlth«^raB*e of •*-{•/; lowfie. Masapork«1»MaMXri*rtlS>tic What-whole regiment, euataiaad vary Sincehisreturnhehashetdansppsatutunt underthegovernment InwaabrevettodaMajor by the State Leggallantry,withtheotheromcersofhisregtmeat. Heof a faction so dangerous, a Account of the Destruction of the Black Bepablioan Pole•saw/ m u i •#> 9A/vc-j *fji«i^«ft ^ i m piy declining on all Itquantities aaiea, .and 1,000 bushelstriedpsSjIntos a d statesmen,s a dt l M a t l M . I k * ^oTanritttat outttavTfbrerejarevarybaadaome. Com atgosdlaewary sates,11.000b u * ^ Wiaesra sUsed,theL0.ofo.F.sad member, to meet at lasservediaMexico,to*Joinusintheformattonofa'•Sol diers'Patriotic Crab,' end to aid to the eetsbltahment ofsimilar clubs thruufhout the Onion. Fellow soldiers, of whatever branch o f the service, now in New York or its vioauty, w e reoaeat you to meet us in council at theroadway aad Oreat evening, August 8, at 8 o'clock, forcountrysua ineaeiraceorADDfcON F ABNSWORTH, Brevet Mater New York Yoitiateers.J. W. •BOOK,Captain Louteteaa Volunteers.J. DKCATCE POTTER. Lieateoaat New Yoric Volunteers and Thirrt Dragoons.J. BBBEBT FARNT.-M,First Pennsylvania Volunteers.JAS. MARRIOTT.Captain YoltlguersGreatTrottingMatchbetweenFloraTemplesndPatcheu. Mltertete ea Ptiatesal Toetes; Beports sf the Cattle,H T ^ B M W . »*»*«»» bw^eaw^twJeBe, |^M »*/ •»* 1^"* libS* a*B,*c.IB fair"IBSB o'clock, to sai hte funeral an lloadsy.company.The £bgtiah. steamer Prince arrived three daysother items o fWsikrr'in Ruataa with h it men Tb-dsy aaol cosiesthathehasgoneovertoNicaraugaaadSB latsreetiag aews ofiBwrapeers, caa be had atmand for bacon, at 8Kc all>£cl Money market and Sight exchange o n N e w Y ork unchanged.court upon rulings made on the trial and on technics" points The validity of the ordinance being deemedmention for the benefit of travellers and business men,the defendantsAiianrinu StiCTos— A Scotch gentleman named Robert SILLED. AND SEVERAL PKK^O!« INJURED—ESCAPE lack, attempted to commit suicide yesterdsy morning,A. B. Hawkins, the proprietor, was long enough upon to put briefly onrecord the reasons which govern me. George Law's steamers to know how to keep a hotel as lt Those who have doae me the honor to notice m y humble should be. Stop there, and you are sure of a good meal, career know that I have always been conser- a goood bed and no fever.iAeetteeat oattit* Long lataml Railroad.THE TKAiN THROWN O F F THE THteCK—THB FIKKMAN-UOCDOXB 8EWINO JO TMB eetetrsted S*C RalesroosB Ma.OV THE rASSBNwERS.A e m o u s accident occurred on the Lang Island Railroad about a qsarter before 9 o'clock yesterday morning, in - volving the death o f one man. t h e injury o f several otherI, aad the demolition o f the | locomotive and threeThe aeeae of the catastrophe was opposite the vil- of N e w Brooklyn about three miles distance from iheCuyHall. The train, consisting of locomotive, tender,by cutting his throat with a dull knife, inflictjig a seri- ous and perhaps fatal wound. The cause was disappoint- ment in n o t receiving a remittance from friends in t h e Old Country. He resided atthe Union Hetel. va Liberty street, and w s s taken to the Surgical Institute, in Wash isgten street, for treatment.FcsBBSi or AXDBBSUWHSOAB—The remains of the late Mr, Patrick Hogan, Alderman, were yesterday after- noon conveyed from his residence in Brooklyn to CalvaryAB o d yF o u n dCount) —Supposed Murder.L i s t e rvative In politic!, and, as entirely consistent with true conservatism, a n earnest advocate o f H a t e n g h t e , n e v e r p e r m i t t i n g a b l i n d p a r t y f e a l t y t o i n - fluence me agains. the higher considers lions o f patriotic duty. In the present canvass and since the nomination by the Union Convention at Baltimore of John Bell, ob- tained, a s honorable members of that body have testi- fied, through indirection. I have up to this time supported General Sam Houston, of Texas, for President—first, be- cause I considered him"honest,capable,andfaithfulto the constitution;" and next, because, disgusted with t h eBR Y A N T ' S U N R I V A L L E D S T O M A C H B I T T X E 8 DEPOT NO. 8 SOUTH WILLIAM 8TBMET, M. T .CAfTION TO RATLBOAP TRAVELL1 PASSENGERS ON TBE HUDSON RIVTEN AMD CAMDEN AND AMBOT BSTLBOsPg,m u . BAVB TO s u rTHIS tlUIDKBsross stAavtRfi,AS IT IS NOT FOLD ON THESE ROADS BT THF NBW8 AGENTS O N ACCOUNT O F 1TB CHRAPNESBThose agents aeli'a saoatbly guide a t M cenu, denriac U centsprofit,«te>rubl'sbersseuteg to ae«sageetsateea. aad depending on advertisements to keep laem aSOat Tae A a suet number of a Oukte, so called baaed in this eit», has a a less than thirty "Time ratamr wrong, (the bawsiter, there- fore, armt be "wide awake," or by following the "uses tables' of thise roads te tb e monluly alluded to, will be left behted;. viz —Baltimore s a d Oi'io. JefferaoBtelle, PBanbnry aad Erie N e w London, Wil. a a d Palsa 'and Manchester; Indiaaa Central. D. aad Weal; 'B. O Peon Central. PteBeburv aad Montreal, A ePort Br pe. Lindsay and Beaverton: Sclotr a n d Boekiac' Biver Valley aad W B Central: Obarlesten aa 'AuRosta a n d Saraaoab. Laasgb a a d aaaaiHaad a catalogue af others (which we could L_decline paying 25 cents a line for ezteodiag this aebee of e r romi. ere ah wrong m th e asootbly " Onate" O foe Ataroa H orrTessinp to b e pubushei •' under the auaerviaioa a t t a aRailway (Vwapaaies' Don't believest,-bother sheBErf GUIDE IN TBB UMpIDE IN 1 INrTEIifiTATSb,LLOTD'S BAH.ROAD Issued everSATURDAY MORNING At • o'clock.eonUinini: 9M Tun* Tables, cf all th* Railroad* ia Aasenoa. snd's, Map 'inair'e of tbe Paper, larger than the Herald. saowi«t the traveller every Station a n d t h e Dlstaaset. Paras, seal whereyouBreakfast Dineand*>upPRICE ONLY SIX CENTS, I Orgdper annumA BpeHmefi Number of the hte!-- d',fe v ' l.e sent to aay part of the Uniud Stales or Europe on reeeiet of S ceoiaTraveirrs on the New Jerser, new Vork a«<l Ene. aad ('imden and Amboy. will find a m*a at the femes ready to supply them wi'U. a copy before startingarriving near t h e above named rritege, a cow was seen lyingonthetrack, butastheeaglneereither didsotsee bar untd too late, or.supposed she would get oatof the way, as attempt was made to slacken the speed of the train, than going at the rate of tweaty-Ave miles an hour. The animal was struck b y the cow catcher, and be- connat entangled, was dragged a distance of fifty or sixty fast,aadthetraitbeingthsowwflromthetrack,proceed- a d s earn itelesmi further, when the locomotive suddenlyI aad was ospsised. The ten ie- w a s impelled some ibeyond Thefirstbaggtgeearwasforced over the leader, the second on. top and th e third, a passenger car, partially on top of the last. The remaining ears •scaped much damage, aad lie passengers,although thrown from their seats by the sudden jar, escaped withsame slight oats aad bruises. David Elder, the engineer, an 1 John L ynch, t h e fireman, were standing beside each other a t the time o f the accident Mr. Elder was severely bruised Cram head to root a e states that It w a s so sudden that all was over before he knew what bad happened, whenj be found himself ander a car a n d covere*:! with J»foken timber H e extri- cated himself with sooae difficulty, sad walked to neighboring house unaided Mr; Lyneh was found under tbesseoal baggagecar hisfuneral sf any public or man departed from invMiysec t h e people emancipate themselves from such d e -tragateats of the wreoK. Huaeighbors, but life wse alreadjwas taken outby someofher%ge. »The relatives and friends oftbe family are invite! tiHis body was taken to his lai tg died some time since. ire*:Jence in Jamaica b y the twelve o'clock train. El , who also resides in JaArarat 8 —TV United States vt, W. D. Hiight The of the one great question which stands out in this can o'clock, without further notict The steamboat MattanoAPTRAT rN TfflC rtPTH WASS—|TWO PXB80SS STAJBEO. Quit' an excitement prevailed in a portion of the Fifth aird about tan o'clock last nidht, in conseqaeace of a senoas fight takmg plam in.the bouse No. 378 Greenwich street, and dsrmc the mated two men, asmed George Thorp sad. William Hltchmfs, were sUbbed. Oar resorter was quickly o n the ground, b u t experienced great dtfflealty in settiag totormaiion,a* the i^jurea parti«*didnotwabto I^u-Kget laiotbe papeitj A s nw^sacvuWheasosrtaisad tt appears that a number o f young m e a vtettsd t h e beast, which ts alkgtd ti be of a darapuu- ble etiarjeter, a s d aftet tmbibiag freely tbey commenced toqua.n.aeU>themeritsoftheirpolitical {inferences for rreaia*-»tial ran J-.dates A s usual, under such r'tcumstancas, after oralarkumeuts were exhaasted, tivttitersineeecoesMtg ouaverutotheptmciptaa ngat easumi, ia whichnew, needle made, not by machine lioose. Barclay street.Bemoved to Ko. 1 Aatoradduteu ui the OUPUU-, » frtuttb era, daoasiers. chairs andargument*. The two wuuuaed.3the aflalr,aadtbaywereB"perseq balding a position m theho* t?the •athwretioei weqeh'•-if repaired t<-thehusebatwhentssyarriveddnraey't Ctallery.1aadtowcovered withas were t a e prevailing were the prtactpate Mf,itt-thought,byaThirty fiftho'clock.-street, this:(Saturday)aitersoon,a tt w o•esDasfAe/ajbB*»T»*»-Jlates,alc.,B>IstheaossBoesf thettfVUsrbudgetoflettersssdpapenframNewYet*,everyss*•«*"*«»tochat FairchiW was te every ac4tea,from the the course lately pursued by tea>*Utastt, of which tot a s s ahundredStrang,ofnonwSf^^iT^'>m°tl^n?L!^>hCf Ra rt ' **Me of his hivTtedsol1-*?f"landingatTeraCruxto thetakisgof theatyof Mexico,Businessfirmscould netseedaaf tetters unlessraid Mr Vaaderbilt sixty cents per ounce, jvitt an aidlschievedan 'immortalityofinfamy"duringthelategwoftheCrestEastern toCane MayonMeanertest,with Two Thousand People on Board, with dessrlatloas ofthe assort down the Bay, the Amusing Scenes on Board, and the.l»Vun, Hunger aad Mtetey tltenaint upon the Trip ThePropreasofthePrinceefWalesinCanada,theHonors paid t o Hire, the Addresses to Him, His Kepltes, ax,: A aM his late (Satarday)ALL SOCTHBtH tTKXOHAWtS Are respectfully tavtted toeaQ ingWtoesandUquors.alltTDOLFHOPTTBB fWKAC BltAKPT.rtUibiscerunoiJf^taT^onit^ad'ajeeat'ea^STJTKMiFHOWOLFCT rtiB«rotwsnira,bettlad.br Iteasstf.Batawfbritot Orange street, and advertising for a part directed them to call at a certain place ladining in that direction for their future popularity. Thetestmaitebeforethisfromthiscltv forthe Steles weredoneuptntheConsul'soffice,mpaperpackages, ter, with a light stock, eeles of 5.I0Q bushete at 91 0 9 ^ ; lyn, a a d calling at L e Fort's establishment would and carried to New York in the trunk of a passenger, as aCrtetadoroi Hair Dye.WVigB aad TToa- poreaadtbebestqualitj pees,thebesttotheworld,wholesaleandrstBU.aadtheDyeSi*Be2»forextra Indiana andOhio;S6HaM tordoubieextrasWhealquietaadArmfornewredwin-NewSjitab. Canadaclub,atSI. Coruiactiveaadsteady beInformedthatfivemachineswerenowInoperation; aatee,«T.00O bushels,at80c Oats bominal at83c. Ca thattherewaswork enoughforforty,andthatifhe (the applicant) would furnish five machines, he could come inaal freigbu—Boats scarce and carriers asking 11 %c o a as a partner o n equal terms. He was required, how- and called ourselves Japanese, or niggers, w e would haveYork. Theapplicint wouldbe sent to Brook-W.MARTIN, privatelyaasbsdatMo.fiAsterBoaas. Fbyssstea*whouseWteaaandLlenerstetheirandtheboywereon themow. receiving sheaves fromtaintheinviolabilityoftheconstitution—atleast itisso to me, and, therefore, waiving for the time being all mi-' nordifferences,Isnail,hereafter,tothebestofmyabili- ty, support for President that patriotic statesman andH Hall a a d JBSMS 0 .1wounded at Cheruhusco, where h a company, as did the tional tea cent stamp epos each letter, which ante cos our enemies, and wheae candidate for the Presidencywasand behaved with llwteglhtossfalMalry.B ew s slyn toil further souce.was born in the city of N e wr York, sad wasflfth year when he died A circular h a s beanBrevetColonelNewYorkVi of th e Maw York maadantsof regiment K N.T.S.M.,andtheoflb F an.lA. M ,ot which he armory sf the EighthSaturday) evening, at thet n a t efiftytionossof thosetent soldiers, John C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky,Joseph Lane, ef Oregon. who shared oar toils snd triumphsinthefield,whitesuchmenasLincolnaadCorwinwere exhibiting a factious opposition tothewar la Con-gress, w e invite ear follow soldiers, of every grade, who Sandwich Island*, Cuba, Sao Domingo, ac.: Report of thesidered sn imposition.The oatvea are alee highly excited, sndinsinuations aad threats sf burning some ofsteam vessels save bees made, a a i Ifare not sbsssjss for the batter, there may bes possibility that s repetition s t s scene like the PanamaRailroad tnasnrrt will be made upon some one of Tan derbtit's self-styied "fioatiag p s h a w "CaptainTinklereugh,sfthesteamerNorthernLight, refuses to pay ate water bill for the vessel's use, thereby in the First division causing more 111 feeling. There ten f tempest in s tea- pot"brewinghere,aadwhattheresultwillbethefuture wtll tell The only remedy toft te for Walker te take Centre market, this Nicaragua and grant a transit route to some otherwilling t- refuse the necessary military supplies te oar gallantUtilearmytheniaanenemy's country.therefore tt sur uaperative duty to oppose by allby Col. Barnham, .iavitiagtheofocers I Life Guard), com -matterofaccommodationtotheConsulandbusinessmen.ThisisthewaytheUnitedStatesprotectandencourageever . to boy the machines at a certain place. One of the a national war vessel sent to see If we did not want some complainantsinthiscasealleges thathebought five of smallattentions,butasweareonly American citiaensthese machines, and paid 846 for each They were we must take care ofourselves. The Panama RailroadtePrivate Second Tennessee Volunteers, GEORGEWOODFORD,PrivateSecondIllinoisVolunteers. P. G. GRATTAN,Private Ninth Infantry.LETTERFROMMR.JOHNST.BBTCI. to TBS SJIT03 OF THK HKKALD.Nsw YORK, July SO, 1880. In a political crisis like the present, when the spirit o f aggressive sectionalism te vauntlngly and threateningly arrayed against t h e constitutional rights o f t h e citizen and the equality of t h e States, without the preservationof which there can be no permanence or safety for the Union—when, regardless of th e imminence of the danger, demagogues are selfishly plotting and trafficking for their ownbenefit,seekingtodivideandimpair thestrengthof the conservative vase, imperilling the cause of the con- stitution and the Union—it becomes every patriotic citi- zen, how humble soever hisposition sndinfluence, to lay aside minor considerations and enrol himself on the side of his country, under that flag which represents most truly the great principle Involved, and which offers then*tchelor'aDye have Imprmeaeuls surpatstaw all others, natural aad easy: perfectfiU no turumg up behind. No.lsBoodHill's Hair Py«« r»©Cents—Depot No.1 Barciav street. Infallible Oabuent for the hair, iaiautableabnnld give theprafersaee to taeae arttetea ForsalebyallrespeetabledruawytaandsiBtesaaf , , ^IDOLPBO WOLI Rrle maoufaetnrer and Isaportarof tae stessSSSa iScbaappa. No 22 Beaver street. ALL DEAF PERSONS HATE P iCUBEDSBODLD A T ONCE CALLcava, aad lS^c, on wheat to New York. Imports—4.000 bete, flour, Ss.000 bushel* wb*at 12.000 do. corn, 2.000 da.oats Canal exports—100bbto.ifloor,88,000bushels •bast. 44.000do. cornOswsoo, August 3—6 P . If. ffoor unchanged, with moderatejestand for home, inand Eastern trade S*les, 600 bbte, at 85 *S for iMate, tscludtng 800 favorite double extra at tfl 75. Woea; dull; sales 6.600 buabea new red winter Illinoisat 81 15 Corn quiet and nominal at 6 3 c a 53 fie Other grains also quiet s a d a rainm laaal freights easier but not qaetably lower: 27c »u flour. 8c on wheat, 7>jc. on corn to New* Y ork ImporU—16.30* bushels corn Canal eiports—S5J00 bsshets whest, 2*4^00 do. corn. 10,000an. August 3 . I860.Flour steady. Mass pork uocbaAged, but a better de- itself is invalid, but sets aaide the judgment of the city, well, and our hotels are lull Speaking of hotels, I willbrought to Brooklyn, and no sooner had they been putIn position than another party appeared with an unsatis-fied judgment, snd seiriag all the machines, carried them raiso and all the Pacific ports. Wall street m ay bulloffthe same manner. T h e accused w a s committed for a will never b e less than now. Our harbor Is full of shippingThe other man appears to have been victimized in hearing b y Justice Cornweiland bear the stock, but the intrinsic value of the sharesTBS Sr.vDAi URDISJUTCX —The parties charged with vio-lating the city ordinance of 1850 b y sailing lager bier o aSunday were brought before Justice Cornwel! yesterday.The decision of Judge Emott, heretofore referred to by United States government, it will be a rich and counsel for defendants, does not affirm that the ordinance busy commercial city. All business houses are doingfyi&g aad preserviag the skin439 Broadway.rate man, sad rarely has a more worthy of tae general regard and regret that followed h i s hearse to the tomb.The cortege extended in length more than three miles.Hstctaon River H eSCTCrOE OP A LADY IN KINGSTON BY TAKING ABBBNIC.Mm. Fowler, wife of Mr. Thomas Fowler, residing atKingston,Ulstercounty,purchasedsquantityof arsenicafewaayaago. Two or three evantage after ahs wentinto her husband's saloon, near her residence, and orderedcuts on one ear ssd a bad wound behind it, all apparently done with stones, ofwhich onewasfoundbloodysndwith hair on it,the biooiy s.de down. When found he bad on a straw bat, which w a s not broken, showing thatit must have been put o n alter the wound w a s inflicted. Be wasidentified as JacobSmith, formerly ofMarble town, to this county. He bad inherited s tittle property about a month since, and about the same time w as mar- ried, and bad been under the effects of intoxicating liquornearlyallthetimesince. HewastestseenonMon-myself to doubt that this proposition, teirly and fully presented,wouldbesuccessful,andIhopeyettowitness the triumph o f that sort o f "popular sovereignty;' b u t the emergency ofthe times mast, in my opinion, prevent s t present an impartial trial o f t h e issue. Failing, then, toputour candidate before thecountrysoastoobtain for htm that support to whim he is pre eminently en- titled. 1 deem tt a poor compliment to cast an in- effective vote for him , which might otherwise bene- fit the causeof theconstitution andthe Union, toP l a n t e d .CARWAK—HAIX—On Sunday, July 22, b r t h e Rev. J .W. fearles, Mr. A. L. CSRSUK to Mrs. MABU C. HAU,, si! of Brooklyn.M&cnesALD—McKnmni —At Newark, N . J . , on Wednes- day.Aiajust1,bytheRev.NewtonHeston, ALLANMAC DOKALOtoMissSr*isMcKinnns,bothofNewYork.Died.BranHAB —On Friday, August 3, of congestion or theB O T KILLED.FUCLT.[From the Milwaukee Wisconsin, July 30.]A great deal of curiosity has been entertained in theSouth•and now it remains only firmly andbravelytotry the great issue before t h e peop.e, v i z : constitutionalexchange for MLLIYS CHTLLBD i « T WROUGHT IRON KATBR.rails had been torn complete!* off, butin one hour all in aninstant. Mr. Underwood received a stight shock,was u readiness for the up tram to pass. There were but retained his senses, and jumped to the floor e* the He leaves to his wife all but personal property, which gallant, high tread gentleman, John C Breckinridge, ofr• •eej vised by tbonaanda and always with success r .istaeosSr 'h.af ineiisteneethatwil! fo-ee tbeheardtogr^w tte*abe had of near!;- a!', drugrists a a i dealers, pnee S i R O . URAHAM b e . 139 Nassau street New Yor*. and HAYBB, Brookiya^T E. BTAFrOBL'S CUYE TAR.vT.-ff O y n TA? nfissALTD tte healiae balaaadr essss are trougi.'. la die: ocntoct wuntiie Laiaginsaauraaesol tbs THBGAT BRC!»C3IA. TOBK- AS? ALL THA AIR CtlAS Or tSStU)fcO».ReliertaBatooeeany paiaoroppresswin,andhealingsayte-rita' ..in or :aSamicatioxWBF» OUTK TAR I? TAXKH OTO" S?CAR e fnnas an saen ua! led *. oth-as and heabag syrup for coughs aad a il U r s a dmei!?ejTfiiEtf r.i,rTARI-ATPUEOUSasagnetic oreonreatratsi curative powers reiser t*. a BBO*"»r*e1y and efluaectFAIN ANNIHII.ATOR.Olive Tar is not sticky—doss not danolor.Fifty eema a bottle, at (AS Broadway, Mete York, aad by s i druggist*J R. femrronn*IRON AND BUI.PHER FOWDBBSAre sec.. Pie preparaaon of iron and sulpher. idaaUsa. wSS t:".: eiatiag in the l-koi of a perfectlv bsalthy peraoa, CsSVuig with tae digested food.THEY BrvtTAJJBe Aimremrr T3R atsta THCT IMPARTRaaaor TOras KSSVOSSI TH»rmri(ior.ATttas UVRR.T urr mesormmii van mcssnoji.I ' M RC&ULATX T2E SSCRaTIOHS OP TI AMIARKASFSCIPICPORALLrsHAia\ _r nee $ : a package, a t 442 Broadway, Mew York, s a l by I droggnsBa very superior IsBbsSB lokeah.tt SlSAad t ^ OoUaw* 1about 126 paneengers on bo&rC j aad it is fortunate that barn and escaped. The barn and contents were worth is estimateu to be worth about $50,000, and hte paiatui Kentucky; nor will I be deterred from this course by anyWILLOMA ACTON THE ROOTo OF THE BEARD - MyGasmen:hasnowbeeces>r.Jj«he*efchtrea-niHasnosewere•evereiyttHared.Meatofthemcameontoabout81,000.Insured. the city in horse cart, and utber'vehicles. Passsagava b ymansiontnSpringavenue,togetherwiththegrounds, fearofbeingclassedwithsecessionists.Wbatevermaythernotice.BRGSHAS—AtOrauge, ff. J ., on Triursday,the ear'f trains are genc-ralty bwcess m en of New York Nutwithstanding t h e serious nature o r t h e accident, a number of f....iob.- tried their best to steal all they ooald. <*>« n«s> got hold of the mail ba^ and waa running of! with it; w h m b e was overtaken by ofltoer I,vans Several ctnerf were detected tn taking articie*, but were unable to get away. The Ninth ward pobre. under Capt. Waddy, were present. and succeeded in preventing anvthing from Be.qRstolen Workmen were emMoyeoalldayistakingaparttheenginesadremoving the \ lecea to th • d^pct4KILLS-* BT i a x Paamaxias hJirauaos o> a Caajioai—Aninquest w s s held yesterday upon t h e body o f HenryJones, a native o f tbie State, aged 4 0 years, who diedfrom the eflecta o f Injuries accidentally received o n Mon- dav hv thepremature exploeien<ofa easaoa on boardthe steamboat Montgomery, lying a t pier N o . I t - North ttver. Deceased, l*. appeared, d a s engaged in firing a saiute U hoaor o f the departorefof the Great Eastern for CaneMay,whan the vent bote wascarelessiy left open and t o e eartriage exploded, s o sivarery injuring deceased that h r died yesterSay in consequence Verdict—" Ac- cidental death."DROWMJK Cassr* —John P . fjroiiae, a resident o f No. 8 9 1 Eighth areene, was found drowned in theNorth river yrsterdsy morning The body waa taken t o the Twenty- stcead precinct station bouse, where Coroner Gamble was notified t o bold a a inquest.The body of so unsoown man was found Boating hithe water at parr 17, last river, yesterday morning Deceas- ed it is said, w a s se»-a d»hiag on tho pier a few hours previoosl>,sad It s> supposed [that h e accidentally feU over joar.i while thus enaageid In amusing himself. T h e Coroner waa notified t o bold a n fciquesiBet-* Ins-vftnan—The unknosrn ssaa who died a t t h e New York Hospital on Wednesday. from the efieets of In lurtas aecideataUy receivao b y tailing from t h e roof o f a Spring street amatbus, has sinoet been Identified as Tbos. Doyle, a ostive of Ireland, aged sixty years., njiPolite lBteirtajeace.Very respectfully,JOHN W . BRYCE.FKBDRRICK ATcrsres HK;SBAN, aged 38 ybsroHie friends and those df hte brother, W m Hegeman,are insited to attend hte funeral, at Trinity churcb (in steart of Trinity chapel, a£ advertised in yesterday's pa pers), this (Saturday) morning, a t eleven o'clock, with out further notice.At aa informal meetifig of officers of the College of Pharmacy, August S , it was resolved that t h e members of the College b e requested t o attend, In s body, t h e fone- rslservicesoftheir late associate. Frederick A He?" mac, to be held at Trinity church, on Saturday, 4th Inst., ate'.eweoo'clock"A.M.HRARD.—In this city, on Thursday, August 2 , Loctsa Lu>YAfci>, infant daughteri o f Charlc3*aud Eleanor Heard, sued 1 year, 1 month and 6 daysThe relatives and frtendfeof the family are respectfully invited bo attend ith? funeral, from the residence of herOaaromata'B i s w a s * , xssvnoXT AXS aijsour.. itATi. I'c.jiwAitr—Kmi Cuuw H o. S67 AvavrrLorraaiK S. 1980FOUNT DEAD.Mr.JamesDevlin.au old resident or Bondout, Ulstercounty, was found dead in bed a few mornings since Theday previous h e b a d been working very hard in a hotsun. Inthe morning hiswife found him by her side coldand lifeless. A n inquest was held upon the body b y Co- ronerDubois,andtheiuryirenderedaverdictof "Death, caused by extreme tatigue aad excessive labor." He use sixty-one years of ageiThe LateUtat.J.17.Homatom,IT.S.M. TO THK EDITOB OF THE HBBAL.D.Permit metoask the reirorof yoa togive the enclosedridge is not a dlsuaionist.N e v a lPassed Assistant Surgeon John Ward and AssistantSurgeon M. P . Christian have been ordered to the steamer Su3quehsnna, destined for the Mediterranean.Drawlngi oftheDelaware State Lotte- ries -WOOD, EDDT A CO., Managers of thepreamble and resolutions a place i n the column* o f paper, and obiige th e officers of thit ship.yourCI,lu,31.3ti.60.56.71,21},4!\41, 16.24,40,22,46. DSLAWASB—4AA3B > o . 3W , AUGOSt u. 18GU12, 35, S3, 3», 70, S, 18, 4. 37. 57, 9.-34. 63. Circulars seat tree of chare* by tddreaaiuR either toBJUOnJtDDY A CO., Wilmington, Ueiaware. Or to STOOD. KDDY A CO., SL Lcuia, Hi-aourtErawlngi orFrantic, Broadbents dt Co.'a Delaware Lottentaih o s a s x COOSTT. CLA<» 184, AUGUST 3 , 1980.10, 73. 26. 49. W. 40. 8. 3*. 17. 46, 9. 23, 38,69.I am, respectfully, your obedieot servant,J.a aCOER.LtU.SNaw.U. S. StKABis Isoqroa,Srsxxu, Sardinia, July IS I860.)At a meeting of t V officii* oif the Uinited States steamer Iroquois, heM o n board that vessel o n the 1st of July,n Commander J amebS. Palmer I860, in the Bay ol Napiebbeing called to the chair, and Lieut. J. B Roger bcine ap- poiuted Secretary, the fouSwing preambitiand resolutions were offered b y the Secretary and unanimously adapted.Whereas, it ha.- pleased Almighty Cod, in hi? wi=ctom. totakefromamonguaourlatetrieadandbrother officer, Lieut.J.I.Heustoo,t'DitedState?Navy—Reeoiied. That, deplorihg as ail must do w h i knew him, this dispensation o f uivlne Providence, w e still sub- mit to Hi? a c t with Christian resignation be!i*vinjr that our friend died in full snbmisi.on t o Hit will and a strong laith in His mercy.Resolved,Thatwe. hisbrotherofficers,tendertobis afflicted wife and family our sincerest sympathy in tais thetr deep affliction a a d irreparable loss, and hope that the Diviae.Bemg will in HB good time send them comfort ant consolation.parents. No. 4 7 Pike street, this (Saturday) two o'clock.afternoon, a tResolved, That as a farther mark o' respect we wf.T Douglas, snd the ureseat position of h a friends atevening, August2 ,Jason*wear crape on the left armifor thirty daysReso vea. That a copy o f these proce•-•dings b e sent-.toi»isfamily,and oneto theeditor oftheNewYosxUs- SALDand to the AstoaaZ JnidHgencer at Washing-... for insertion, aad that the Secretary be requested to eee the above carried out.JA8. 8. #ALMER, ComdY, Cbeiruma J B. H c.xit, Lieut. V. 8. N., SecretaryTheAbolitionMo*1stA letter received s t the w»«e of the Austin &*t* Otmtfe,from Dallas, details the particulars of a most diabolical abolition plot in Northern TexasTheparticularsbrieflyare,thatthefiresoccurringia varioas parts of the country on the Sth inst aroused the attention of the people.<H> th e lxthtnst Mr. Crlfl Miller's house was burned. Suspicion fastened o n h te jnearroes. Tbey were arrested, amiiathecoarse <:"theexaminationtheparUouterssf the plot were elicited:—It was determined b y certain abolition preachers, w h o wereexpelled from theoounv) test year,todevastate with flrfland assassinatknit, the whol« of Northers Texas. aadwhenttwasreducedtoahelplessconattiou.agene ral revolt of the slaves, sided by the white men of UK North, in our midst, eras t» come off on the day of elec- tion in AugustThe object m Arise; t»# jtown of Dallas was te destroy thesrm*.ssdammunitionaadprovisionsknowntobe•be North, present n o claim t o Southern gratitudeor 5s. utiiern coafidaaci that should induce, o a their part,a support of h's claims to the Presidency at such a sac". • imported. For aaie ky J. A 8. 8AUMDKSS. Mo. 7 AstorTbe relatives sad friends of the family are requested to a t t e n d e e tuner*!, freeaj 8 6 6 Adelphi street, Brooklyn, this r*aturdsy ) afternoon, a t two o'clock.Mcllu.9.—On Fridav teaming, at aeven o'ciock, MART ANNS, wife of George McHugh, and eldest daughter of thelate Patrick Holllgac. sted 23 ytare snd 3 monthsHer relatives and friendsa r e invited t o attend the fuae-ral.from her late resldenOe, No. 99 Ryerson street. Brooi tyn, oa Sfltdav sftemoou, at three o'clock.MATBKWS -<>n Friday, August S, Wium S.. son o. W ^ Item B and Debofafe A . »athe»-s, aged 4 years. 9 months and 19 aava. , . . _Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyareinvitedto attend tbe funeral from the reaidence o f his parents, Hud- sou city, N J , on Sunday forenoon, at nine o'clockKwam.—On Friday, August 8, MAIBBW Nreset, aged^HbUrteads and tboseiof his brothers Thomas, Michael andPatriek,areInvited toattendthetoneral, frombte late resteence, 4t» Psarl! street, o u Sunday afternoon, a t (jQ4t O tltMsiO'NSTii - O n TburPdsr, August 2. WJIAIAB O-Nttu, formerly of Farabtl. Coubty Westaseath. Ireiaad.Bisli'.-ousandacaufttetancesarerespectiullyinvited to atuse tbe fuweral from h * late residence, 422 WestHoase. The po- collected there. The stores tiirougbo.it the ooonUry con- native State ol toaafiair andPhotographs •niisiaesteOC,aadDer--*rreotvpee"RoTHBRt—DiedoaThursday,August2,JossM.Korsnr, a«ed 48 years, b months aad 24 days.The ineods and aicsaatetaace« of the family, also tbs nembersoftheG'raja*Oak LodgeKo.82.1.O.of©F., are ret,titiuiiy Invited to attend the. funeral,on8undar. atthre- i'ciock,from hteate residence. Me.406Pearl street ThertmaiaswUlbeInterredinGreenwoodCe-Rr».A«>>—On Thursday, August 1 . after a Motrsstsd illness.BABYLor»« thebelovedwifeofCharteaRntend, aged 8P *rsr». 1 month Sod 24 daysTbe*ietetivesandfriendsof tbefamilyarerespectfully invbedtoattendtbefuneralonSundayafternoon,attwo o cite*, from the tesidesce of Mr. J. H.Johnson. No. ITS LastTweatysrststreet] Herremateswillbetakesto the FAscreen Cemetery for interment.Long Island aapeii pteaaeeopy.SHRKBIDAN.—On Fridaj morning, August 2 , o f coosump- t oti.PBimi-sswsainAS, in the » t L year o f hte age, s uatieeof Vu-ginte, coaflty Oavan, lretead.Tbe relative* aad friends are tovtied to attendthe ra..o^Bunuayarteniooa,aAooeo'tte>ck.fromWThird. BOWfiL COBBA r r i v a l s a n d D c p a r t a r e e . AKRirais.Mra Leicntaabeiw. U W Pappi a& 4 tedy. ^Sj&£SkJ*5? are notpermittedtoknow Coeksbr.u.WbaBobbaea.HiasS*Matter.BrrBjTWlBterne, ue* WOMagtoo, Bote r B\iwardB, i a BerBte, » O Orebaia, who ias!«'sd the wvmada After havteg their whatisdoing outsideof tr taiBjedtete sphere ofac RcbtDenrer, A Ateiaader.B Oreen,A BewveS,J*>or it cittseas are to be nell, / slacker B B Houghton, O Bsai«it.8 Washburn, a r Brae' from th<•flames Kay CharlesHHeCoaver.Jas 8»eWnrUilaBab«ek«8H»- ding, TOurto f t Wal»aMrs8MWatew.HAftal»er,H Itaft.ColiiW,tedyandthreeebuwrea;MasTiftMrsWARJUsWMtB. A BBOAVDWAI. TBBOREATEFTBBMZBTINTHEWORLDFOBsaer eompisiDta la D r . tOBLAB Teaenaa Diarrbaa aad djaaatery are tesssedtetsiy eared by It. M o ifi;fans Wairsased peneetly tenoerat t take t'd.yseaaia. hoidbyallthedrugaasa. Depot•street.af the house were nothings. Thetwola- tionbowse,WBoreDr. KUonm (iressed tbetr Mnunfis Thorp reoetrad severegram, MM thus reduce helplessseaf, V he-r. tfcI wasexpeesedfromtheportion of the country to aaumpUshed assistancetoe ttebt wss ever an • the net •uSfini!ytrausfoisueii ist» Itao luredBseeWfre taken t"the* RAIABsaa—tbasaaatja Florida—J B Cook. O M Ostein aad , ender the sapervisxm of a ted]. Mm 1 M KeaaTltes BVeaa, Mas bstej and two children.Preservethedearlawn.•k Cw.'a I m p r o v e d T i g h i me»ery«uU la tb* seek aad on our» of tostaseaf ateeyesnear!lytt ovists, aad BitchSngs t byatash thatexkaoh county has aand each laid off into dtet white sun whothat district, t h eactions Ofthe negroes isatMOBraadway.frRuaufaetartog aneteait fl aearM acn«s h »ir thev were snatesyad toties- Man> of our most »y asBMSiosted whec mak* of their bcrning homes,GrowereVBaker'sCeleterssted KOIsfitL*>S 8XW1M* MACHIKBS.»e beateusefbrfrate^rarwuai|wr T w t MBPultonstreet,Brookiya.Dressier. Mrs Hantingtea. T RWinkler, L C <testoo C < Vm«, J SSorrte. ¥ Lesbsm, gJtilBjit, J Wjpoet,C R Wright,ASdibbaaadlady,MaiHartndge,MissCBan. OtaeeMBBroadwar,B.\Southern luratmtheirowngooesiataanteef•*• IOB«*BteeewbBAnsuKA r»Tr. a t NswroBTt o e advertteeasaat nabUshsd mcattlee of the leading vte ters sg>ppiaf at Newport saveteadered t o Miss Adelma Pattf a ehundred tickets are to be BastedThe eatertatnment te to take place at the "nan.thepossession©ioacroesrectios revealed faraetefltteB.ihave been dteeevered in Us»aaoie plotofinsur- ers! civi' war a t the AugastWtesaaar sH WUaaa'e Mswfi»4» Hstettlaea,for nasbe» ia e<]Tttvakt9tIn bonlouthtof.tecfaithfulpartsasuiiefhisebtaande* ebanioal sMRttea. Ae . Ac, be refers to Mess.-*. Heck Bk-aae-- S Co.. 33Warren street; Babeoak A Fssntoy. SU Broadway; Si John, Btimond A On^S» Praaeway.JAMES R. TBOMTfcON. U I Broeaway._ H.DER'S PATENT FTRB AMD BtTaVSLAR FROOfy |i»ot<vri\ rafasedayexperience ta rhsxts —The •inierstened,, _ bavtof bad long e ntaining powder sodtend]were to behorsed,withtheWaa ted—teaveralCandidates of saBll earties. Highest "—•e« paid for an b ebatten Apply St HOLM** Ph'^rraaaic Oaliery,iandabolitionistsBioaennt, a white s u n ,Braadway.I write in haste: w e rteep upen our arms, and the i'ldgo—and I steerage.whole eountrv te deeyjty fxcited Many whites are t m plicated whose names a r e y e t unknown t o t h e public; Blount tad MeKtnney, the abolition preachers, arees peeled, with a large force, to b e here a t that time W e —. m••MII.I.u.e«oratacdknownetwhataahourmayBATHOSM, WCA-Brig Adaliae Sprague—P H Loud, cf Eta- ten Ulead.Mi«ArrtL*ji—Brig OoldenLead-^CaptL teaSdand lady, PSprtngttnit.stAracuae-Sebr J L Bowmea-H Lewis Aatcedo. ef PortoUntitled Documentgter proof•Wattetad parlor Safes. T-epo. B HurraywItTTRE RRQ4U ta Mltoit taw. M- T ,PARERB SRSnMG MArJHJNRs M FlmehwdeatSsTbeead. raasd Saawatoslfaa.InnerPafaSJr Bow.Ortwer,aBsswAAn a ^ _ r n a n A A L O asSBusafwa;.cityofBrasses Be will have astime witbont dOabt, a s the Costa l'.tcaas are not in aSfDxu J.dittos toi they are a t sn3 Mora te' no longer President.8tai« will be nothing more thaa aa application to tae United States for protection or admission into their cea «eaeraoy;and growing politicians should b e found iatare are unlisiill;' untwraaUy mttmoneadKreCHAS WIDDAPIKLDAOIAmerican enterprise. Perhsps, if we blackened ouf facesin a flourishing condition, the freight carried is enormous, doing the cream of all the English trade at Lima, Valpa-Ilair Cuttteg, Ac.of all nations, and eighteen vessels more a r e n o w d u e .KRVrORE THETJt HSARINO By hteBAB YAFOBI srhlcli restores the baasssj in the iM stops the aetesa te tbebaad, aaay be b » ofthelyeaadEarfrom9tl16o'elnek.atU7CUatoarAOENTF WANTED-tN EVERT CTTT AND TOWM tbe United States, for sate of Thortey • Pood (orand Cattle, liberal terms allowed.Broadway, Mew Fork,Capt Dutch, of the Ensilish bark Britannia, died very suddenly of spop'exy, and being a Mason, was hurried by the Order in due form.American and Enr»'sh roterprtee is all that has made this place, and with the protection of theAtltinson's Parisian Tooth Paste Arrests decaj-cf teeth and cleanses themthorrmjrhly. AtKUSHTOB'S.—J1Rushtoa's Ptlld Aperient or Ant 1-Billloos Piiio. with directions. No. It) Aator House and t i l Broadway.Dr. Harsfa Continues to Apply H is Radl- ealCure Trnss with,aueeesste effecting penaaaeat cures of herniaor rupture. MARSH A CO., Ko. t Yeas? street, K.Y.Berry's Trlcopherona is t a e Best a n d cheapest article for dressing, beautifying, curling, eleansuir. p r e a e i v i a g a n d r e s t o r i n g t h e h a i r . L a d i e s , t r y u . S o l d b y a l l drugglatathat the Howard House ts the American and English housequestionable,theJusticedecidedtosuspendsentence oc ofthecity,sndtnfact,theonly first class house here. bestprospectof honorablesuccess Indoingso,IdesireT » . - A NEW HTTLEOF8HO JOKES'. No. 10 sad 12AMDB,Call aad seei nR a e e n d a i e ,TO THE EDITOR OF THE HKKALD. BOSHTDSLX, Ulster County, August 1,1300.Ileadarh*. Dizxii Nausea are a few of the, Fewerislinsss a a d netttos auendani upon cosuveYesterday, July 31, a little before noon, the dead body ofa manwasfound in a wood twoorthreehundred yards from a thickly peopled neighborhood in this town,tivelj- cured by uiteg B " in a heathy condition.y'a Pills, which leave the bowelstwo baggage a a d three passeager ears, started fromSyosset a t tweaty minutes past leaven A . M ., a n d o n Cemetery. Seldom has a larger cavalcade attended t h e Rosendsle. H e b a d evidently been murdered. O a shameless triclfories o f party conventions, I desired to southwest corner of BighUi bvehue and TwentyeighUi aueeLexamination of t h e bail in the case o f the" defendant w a svass. consent t o Map at any such half way expedients a sleaver Fulton market slip 'for Astoria a t oee o'clock*!' M DSCEBB.—On Friday. August S, AKKA MARIA, wife ofthe wisdom or poltey of the Ctica men has devised. IThe secmd baggaaa further postponed, anii his counsel obtained a writ of Reimelt Decker, aged S'J years, 2 months and 16 days.maica. waa taken home tn a mcar oaiamed Mr John slc*4<v ,the baggage master, a ing and escaped. A dog which he had with him first habeas corpus, returnable before Judge Betts oa Saturday have long hoped, in vain it seems, for the return of The relatives and friends of «be family are respectfullynewsboy, named Charles lte!t<m, and sererai others, who gave the alarm. The Common Council of Pouzhkeepsie wereengagedinsmokingatmetime.Mr.McGowaa hare offered a reward of 8800 for the conviction of any sustained severe Injuries, end; the bottom of the ear person or persons*who have sat are to any building with- being knocked out,laltm Ksttjthrough among the rub-biah beceath B e w a s fortunately b u t slightly in - jured None of th e others were seriously hurt. The conductor of the train, Ms. Samuel Cheshire, was staa i:xr on one of theptatfi.rmS between the two first paiseager cars, a a d was thrown a considerable distance. His injuriesareofas>n<>uBcharacter. Hewaacon- veyed to the City Hospital, si- was slap Mr. McOowsn.A u - g - somber oi person* celiac ted about the scenesoon aner the arcidett iit-fitoe knawn, and workmen the man on the load. When the barn was struck Mr.oarmgbeensentupfromthedepotcommenced clearing UnderwoodattheboyfallIjsckward,anditisprobableaway the wreck with at! prect'CAble speed. One or tw o that he was instantly killed- The whole barn was on firemorning, a t eleven o'clock.that spirit of moderation. concession and compromise fos tered b y our wises* and best statesmen, sud under whose influences w e prospered and were happy until the hand of the"LittleGiant''helpedtoobliterate the Missourilute,invited to attend, the funeral from his residence, corner of Houston snd Laurens street, o n Sunday afternoon, a t nail past one o clock.DtJGAB.—tOnsFriday morning:. August S . TSBOBBA. daugh- ter o f Joseph J . and Margaret M A . Dugan, aged 4 months and 14 dayEThe funeral will take place this (Saturday) morning, s t nine o'clock precisely, from Ko. 400 seventh avenue.in the past month 8TEITCX B TWill or the Late Etis&a Eldred.ABOUT HALT A KILLIOK OP DOLLARS LEFT TO H I3 and renew hostility and strife between the North and t h eHOWES 40?T>NP A5D FCALES SBTOhD HAND SAFER HavefiveTalents Torsaletow,tskenu Work on balls, sad areLIOHTNINO—AOn Thursday afternoon a barn belonging t o Mr. JeroidUnderwood, a t Crum Elbow, Dutchess county, was struckbylightning. InftatthetimewereMr.Underwood,hishired maa and a boy, ualoadin:: oats. Mr. Underwood any where near the exact value of his estate. but tttees sire to preserve the tranquility of the Union, snd mainresortSATURDAY, AUGUST 4, ISM.examination there wss found a dreadful wound sear thetopof hishead, fracturing hte skull several inches, two electing their own public servants. I will not permitthewaitertobringher a bottleofsoda waterinoneofthe boxes. Tate wss doae. when shedissolved a portion day afternoon, about four o'clock, by a man whohad which h a life baa been one of self sacrificing devotion. Burcbatn. aged I year and 11 months.of the poison and drank i t oft. S h e then returned home, and wasshortly aftetwards taken with aviolentfitof vomiting, and confessed that she had taken poteoa. A physician was instantly sent for, but the unfortunate woman expired about two o'clock the next morning Herbeen with him nearly all that day, aad who left him near theplacewherebewasfound, when found htepockets were turned icslde oat. and on.turhing him eve- two dol- lars were found under him.Supreme Court—Special Term. Before Hon. Judge Leonard.THE BROADWAY SALQ0X3.The question then recurs, where can w e best serve this causer Tometheanswerisplain,byopposingtheelec- tion of Lincoln and Hamlin, so as effectually to secure their defeat, and taut of the pernicious doctrines they advocate; for to keep them out of power b y a mere po- litestjugglewoulduct.lconfidently submit,answerthe truecnassoughtbythefriendsoftheconstitutioninthis contest. This cannot be done here in New York by the support o f the Douftes Bell ticket, for there te n o rallyingThe friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tendthefuneral,from theresidenceof herparent,No. 284 West Twelfth street, corner of Fourth 6treet, o n Son- day afternoon, a t two o'clock.toi GHU.N —On Friday. August C. L.KLLM MABXA, daugh- ter o f William a n d Mary] Ann Coughlln, aged £ years, 1 monthand11cays.The friends of the famili are Invited to attend the fune- ral, from the residence off lie parents, No. 67 East For tietb street,on Sunday afternoon, a t two o'clock.Dosoni's—At Far Rockaway, L. I.,on Thursday, Au- gust 2,JABBB, infant childSof Charles and Lucy Donohue, ages. 1 sear. *husband was from home a t She time. edforthecommissionoftheact.No cause is assign-TEE LAYS IKCSKDIABY IPTKBS AT POTO&KBIPSIE—• •500 EKWAKD.Two or three attempts have been made by in- cendiariestosetbuildingson are atPoughkeepsie,since the late destructive ones is that citj, but without suc-Some days back a mandamus was granted against the point in common for their friends. Oil aad water wouldproprietors of the Broadwaysaloons, prohibitingthemas soon mingle and coalesce a s the principles they have advocated respectively heretofore,snd those w h o bare attempted to bargain away the conservative Union votefrom giving theatrical eutertaiaments without license.cess. On one occasion they were chased b y a m aa, but The parties bare since applied for and been granted such, of tan State to Itaaglas are without the power to transfer si C DnsuBb, relict of Dr. D. Ditmara, in the 76tb yearmanagedtoescape, Thetapwhowerearrestedforcat tingthehosehavesince been tet outonbai" Twoor three nights since a man w a s heard prow Lug about the stablesatthecornerofWashingtonandLafayettestreets He was twice spoken to but di 1 not answer, when a pistol was fired a t him without eflpct Before h e could b e fired upon a second time h e had turned a corner o f the build-andthematterIsthusfaramicablyarranged.l a l t e d State. Commissioner'.) Court. BeforeGeorgeW Moreli.Esq,atithethereof. Tieprospect ofelecting citherBellorDouglas by such a combination, even If we could orought to do anythfiag to secure the success of the latter,isfauarioui,inmyopinion. Icannot,therefore,in view village o: Astoria, this (Saturday) afternoon, at twoLLOTD'SRAILROADWrfilsXF.departedthislifetestSunday.Itisimpossibletoarriveat understanding,forallwhooeiiev?inequalrights,aadueillness,LAVISAB.1>EKKSIABT.aged00years.Her remain* will b e taken from her late residence, 126 Forsyth street, to Rye, Westchester county, o n Mondayfor interment. Baoiaas—AtOrange#!N.J.,oaThursday.August2FsiiMJucii ArecsTCa BateniAS, aged Si> years.Bis friehos- snd those of his brother, William Hegeman, are invited to attend b is funeral, at Trinity Chapel, this (Saturday) morniag,Jjat eleven o'clock, without fur-timated b y his executes that he was wortn in the neigh- borhoodofhalfamillionop dollars.ii?3.hF ARINA JtLLX—A DELICIOUS DBSBEBTThewillhasbeenadmittedtoprobate.tors are Joseph d r y and John G. IaouscL, with his wife, Mr.-. Sarah Ann Eldred. as executrix.comprising about three acres of laud.The remamde- or his property is to be managed bv hisexecutors for five years, who are to divile up the income annually between th heirs. A t t h e expiration o f t h e five yearsfivedecreet menaretobeselected,whoareto divide., up the betr.s portion of the property into nine park-, and h is two sons are then each to have two parts, and h is five daughters each to have one part, which com- prises the whole nine parteIHiring th<* five years the executors can, if they deem it advisable, sell any part of the heirs' estate, for the be- nefitofthebeirt. The-propertyhat best, leftentire.;-' within the family, and the presentjincomo must b? large— at least enough so to place the heirs in a posit on of inde- pendence, evea before the division is made.Letter from Secretary Cobl», [From the Columbus, (Ua ,) Times.]WiaaynGTOH, July 14,1890I sincerely wish it was in m y power to respond at once to your kind snd flattering request to address m y fellowcitizens of Coi.mibua aad vtciu.t .It would afford mi. no ordinary pleasure to meet them atI ( the views of some who support him, John C. Breckin-August2 ,this time.above t h ehave heretofore passed It involves the future destiny of the South. It is a question cf right, justice a c t equality on the one hand, and wrong and degradation on the other, itisthetriumphofconstitutionalprinciplestotheelection j cf B^ckinnd^e and Inne, or the declaration of w ar upon | the constitution and the right? or the South by the elec tioui of Lincoln and nam 1 in This is the issue that has to bemet.an1ourpenateshouldlookthedangerfullinthe face, a n d govern their actions accordingly. T h e part wh.ch the supporters o r tootles and Jhocson a t the South take in the contest, is only important in view of the =tr-;.unitgivestheblackrepublicansoftheNorm,by weakening the- oaly part; and ttie only candidates who can. b y any possibility, defeat this treasonable, aboli- tion organization. Surely the recent course of MrHASWORQ.—On Friday, Augusts, DORA, infant child of Theodore and Catharine Banlord, aged 8 mouths.Herresaaiss wfl! be taken to Marlboro, Ulster coimty, N. V , for intermentIjikf: —iOc Fr'iJBsy, At^rust'S, CHARIS* LBTOV, of the county Wickiow, parish of Rotharum. Ireland, sged 4 0 jears.The friends of the deceased and those of the family ar<? respectfully Invited to attend tbe funeral, at 121 Amity fctreet, on Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock precisely.WicKiewpapers pleasecopy.I regard t h e present contest a s one rising far ordinary party struggles through which w eCOMSOUDATKO LOTTIKT CLASS 1 3 2 . ADOOST 3 . HMO. 73. 41, 6. 3, 33, 69, 8, 65, 59. 641 63. 11.FBANCE, BBOADBEVTS A CO.. Managers, Wilmington, Delawarefine of their rights a n d interests. H i s withdrawal from the contest would at once ensure the success of Breckin- ridge and the triumnh o f constitutional principles, whilst bit continuance te t h e field gives aid and encouragement to the enemies of democracy and the enemies of tbeiSosth. Under tbeee> circumstances—apart from the manifold o b - jections to the political doctrines which Mr. Douglas and his taction seek t o force upon us—it eeems clear, beyond dispute o r quesuon, tiiat taere should b e a united a n d earnest effort on thepart of the South in support of the only candidates who a>-eeatitled t» her confidence, and atthesametimehavetheslightestprospectofelectionTo urge ana pwes upon u y feliolw citizens of Georgia these eoBBideratiotis, i s favor o f the election ©f Breckin- ridge and Lan>—to unite my counsels with theirs, to ward o? the danger- which threaten our present peace s n d fu ttireprcsoentv—tocontributemyettortetotheworkof ('reserving the constitution from theruthless assaults of tea open and sectet enemies—to join m y voire with those who proclaimtothecountrythe firm, fixed andunalter- able purpose of the Su&th to maintain her "equality in the Cnior."aadtore-ogniseasworthyof.herloyaltyeadV support no givemmeat that does set guarantee the? equalitv—present to m i mind a field of duty Upon which I woald gladly eater My heart te in the contest, and youmay rest assured that 1deeply regret m y inability at once tocaterthecanvass,andthat,too,uponthesoil<>*myPtees. _ ^Biz Plate Btetrta, «B.MOOiJ Vti Shirt Manufactory. 162 Broadway.8hlrlandtullarDepot,No*.87aad80 WUban street, one door north of Maidee lane. Shirts made to order. Sixahiru,readvmadeforf7SO. Oauzeundershirts aaddruwera, haeaBandarrchtefs, hoiaery. ties, gloves. AcO.M. TSVACT, Agent. Green'sShirts. FitClwarantecd, Styles'r :K>RDERED DIOEBTION WEAJ::AndBAI> 8TATF, OF TBE BT.TOD « I T A PAMPULdTTfv.i.a ii.n-sf ' account of this rantarkable eaediciaecertlacates of tbeM<*T ASTOKTSHnrO CURBS ON RBOORD1-rom meno. the highest ir.^.i^ sa Una country aeaV Per-a.Manufactured by N L. Clark«On, Esnhuivelyfo-m_ JOHN P JESrETT A CABTERS3 fcuaaseiysLree:. Boatcc a a d sE>Broadway. M. T . For kale by aU drufttete.Theexecu-by all who are conversant el public affairsthatweareisthe tttoao a patriotic duty a times of peace to protect the initi- al the ballot b o x than t o of her nag on the battle field, aad•,we find in the preaen:strugglefor a purelyssctiesal partystriving forsectional domi to the destruction of the equality of the States unTterrlous war with Mexico by lending moral aid and comfort toIHtekaiat three o-oteek, wltaoatgrading thraldom, b y selecting their own candidates a a drights and the equality of the States vs. sectional domi-city, as to the nature of the late Elisha Eldrod's will, who nation. In this contest the path of duty is plain to my KXSSHHABT—On Thursday, August 2. after a lingeringOfficialC'J 'S Coaaabrtated Lottenee of Oeorefat —DavisADrawingsof Hodget.believing thatat Occoquan, Va.; A Bepert ef the Raceon the Atlantic betweentheYachtsJuliaandBtbeces;Mereaboutthe Frightful Waasanim m Syria; The Latest Kews frosa Eu- rope, Mexico, Japan, Califorua, Central America, South Pacific,Oregon,WsahiBgtanTerritory,BritishColumbia,Intelligence.CLASS 400. AUGUST 3. I9t0.6E, 17, 68, 8, 11. W, 32, 71, 53. 16.HOriOEjJ OA VTR A CO., Managers, Bteooo, Oeorgte,o nThursday,August2 .< n m b , 11, C h e m i s t MedicineswarrantedstrictlySure.a n dA p o t h e c a r y ,•i lllnstvei IrViajsOnTOM MOSCBTIBEEE.OOXnJST A N D Ar/BXat, Who wtllWtars,Toapeeaaad HairCUrehugh'anovelties;partings unstainablet no tnrnicg up behind190 Broadway, uortheas*. corner of Beade stree:Brawilfnl Complexion.-Lairti . Llqnto Pearl liaa achieved a eetebrttyi as having no equal forbeaui.bowela. builerers frr,m any J these symptoms can b e p o a -lungs, Kuan, only daughter of Beekman T. ana Ebon B.finales.—On Thursdayi August 2, at Astoria, Mrs A s -Address^ MbBroadway.M.FDURING TBF Nr*NTB C F AUOnST. vfHOEVWR ir^W a $12 Coat wui b e preaeated with a Vjsaarabs. doaew Liaen Coats will be sold for ft. a fine article St. Alpecee Coast iruiitlWiolu Custom workto order saesaalCLABEE, 116 Wiiham iGAP rrrTUBE" I OAF PIXTUBBS • ITbe Urgest assctaaen*. of Chandeliers.In New Tcrk . new patterns for the fall trade mat ov..W. J.P.OAUJit ACO..Mo.to;Braadwev.Selfa^'ustmg. Ever.- scale warrantedFRAME E. HOWS. No MS Bros/1w. Firstluou.below.AatorBouse.KSi andthehes's-ibsatuteforanimalfood,enneaextoeta- bles of tbe Astor House, and alt the principal saloons Heek ers' FanraBoiierslt>pre»ea:btiraingoracorct.agJe.;j Moiuds, of tarioua Bass, forms and naiterut fo< sale at th* ab- ib.:.. ; ue .. N o r oev, Caaa! stree.. uear Eastt Broadwa/attend the funeral, a t the Reformed Dutch Church in t h eMnss.—Suddenly, a t noun,,tViixiAK D.: MiU)ti s native Of Kirriemuir, Forfarshire, i^cottend. in the 42J year of his age.His n :x>ivea and friends are respectfully invited to at- tend tb e funeral), from [his late residence, No. 87 WestHattertothePnaesorWales.—The TwelfthStreet,between[FifthandSixthavenues,this pERUTXAM*TRUPitTTrrAK^Irmcecl Wa'eg Mi'THAT. WHITE, the Hatter. h'o. 216 Bruudway, opposite St. Paul's church.Fancy Cntlery, embracing a L.arer«- V a - riety ef Sportrmen'a f e n and Pocket Entres. of the most rare and beautiful patterr ,. masy of which have uever been 6'fore(Saturday) afternoon, at ftwo o'clock. His remains will b e taken Ito tireenwood Cemetery for intermentrERUriAN SYRUP, PERUTIAN 8TBUP ,IROTECTRT) SOiUTION or PROTOXIDE OF/TRfrW,FROTOXIDB OF IRON. COMKINED. COMBINEDr - w m m e r I l . l r prisse,rataU.P OerapamphletmntatetaeaJbwatteeoaand Undershirts at very low PEBEOO'8. 61 Nassau street.all diseases ariasng from la^teesttrw aad aapore blaod.BrooklynMiniaturea, Catenate, laaperUUsand I^iie hue. Two tw.l$-asas (849;Fcltonstreet._^ M IRON L?THK BLOOD, with tbe tetst sasaaBRSba cures en resord.Fnrsalea.ttfBroadwayr>ndbyall 'STTETIfE PUNCH. SjrEDlMH trateddrakismanttsctursdauasoldtj-CABTBS L TCBCUSCO No. tTwttee street N e w Ters.t2TOT>ARI> PIAMOSPhotographs.—Williamson'sTbuu.andtotsaTOT BBOAOWAY. Iwrtvpes,OOhAND, SQUARE AMD FICOOLO, THEBERTMANUFACTCRFrForfarshire (Scotland), papers please copy.MASMI —o.j ThursdaySTRWAKT, mtant sou of Aaron and Eliza Marsh.a n d county Antrim(Ireland,,a r eEatlreDBtte btewarbassseoathebsstte; ouainy.CPOLPHO PUBS JAMST. OSOIX RtJU. - All oftbeabove tssjesfureaadl* . 8.-PEAR&K. FROM UMUMMT. MAMUFAOTOIL»3- reat :- made, all prices. Us Town Eosiery and Shut B21' Brcaiway..-»s *disessfs ansirffrooiERUVIAN gTRUP fPROTOXIDE O F LRONi-CTJbsWSOUTHERN AND srBSTBBN QLOtEZMa jBOBXBT V PATBtCK.f-a venae.leplaee. aSreet, earner of Ooliefs plase..«. DntiKi rhaaoDioa Fire andwww.fultonhistory.comSafes. C A 11Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ik'tA)Sutms.—OnFr*4sy,An-rrtt3.MARTLAVOA, dMghter 