 rred.d<*OB1COS-.u»g- >ks irtbero£«rand jtadra- tbj<*5fesuV- thetae -le re- |by the trade it no>rtanfc ch can r coin, ace ofto be •xcla-coins .sis of eight, apingpart,des to fchest»d thet is nosir ex-te re- stapld iap&ra- in the wouldjopper Qtnof a paredesfcrks- orxed, iuter- Jueof ch the^rid—% ht about.crisis.p soaxe per- rariety h may nd as. conve-a, will is side 5FOlvemer-*e have (te,. in•Urice: shigata- at upon >rncien* 'Lu aadin; and tain aten they -..1333 Oft'itomas Arcu- ':reedily contri- odaedd rjelves iblican Without that locxais that no•uldnot aperior ;ryAs- li, Seadxngon the t at theWhen a body e suchte that, that ailrecent ;advan- olishing nasitut-as, who nubility Be Con- r. W eon that idgfeat iporiantat it ia tbers be10 Bern-ie under xktroHer ;*e»e ap-ha.* not ii, so the & a ssoet fc the Al-fe#Mi: T ..'Vi .-rwan annexed to the States the Government assumed themselves thtn their open foes were. He felt sensi- land. This Company contemplates the immediate con- it is stated that Me»ers. Van Dyke, Rice, and the duty of protecting the inhabitants against the tively upon the question, for he had had his own rela- struction of a line to Omaha, Nebraska, and Council others, will reveal before the Covode Committee savage foes who infected the borders, and it will be a tives' blood shed on the soil of New-Mexico by these Bluffs, Iowa, extending westward to the Pike's Peak correspondence7 of the President more* damaging crying shame if they let the Summer pass without savage Indians. . Hts mother had been sur- geld region; and it IB their design to push forward atfordin^ them that protection. rounded by them, and h:a brother's blood hod been their rjor>.hern and southern extensions as rapidlyard's presence and bearing.BILLS SIGNED.—The Governor yesterday signed the following-entitled bills:517 For the relief of Mrs. Anna E. Stannnrcl.518. In relation to Uie Colonial History of the State of Now- Y orJc.519. To establish the grade of Platbu»ri avenue, in the City of Brooklyn, and to conform tho adjacent and Intersecting atrooU thereto.••' »DEATH OP A FAMOUS TROTTER,—Tho celebratedaix«year old trotting horae, " Ben Higdon," died at St.Louis, of lung fever, on Monday evening. He hadtrotted a milo in 2:27, the fastest time ever made by a• •ior&emanship, and required a very long time to make Mr. Douglas's Southern friends here feel that if them efficient as cavalry. It was now too late tolief. If they set an example of this kind, they will have similar demands mt»de upon them from all quar- ters. He would vote against the amendment.Mr. OTERO (delegated from New-Msxico) offered an amendment, that a like Bum, nearly a million of dol- lars, be appropriated.to raise a mounted regiment of volunteers for tbe suppression of Indian hostilities inHicks has recently been in Washington, and hasbrought homo with him a work, still upon his easel,For the protection and escort of the Astronomical Sur- vey ing Corps and the depots of the North-West Bound- ary Commissioners, the commanding officer of Harney"T« ti*e Aa«ocla£«4 PreM.WASBISOTOS, Thursday, April 10,lSoO.var.ia Railroad, direct from St. Louis f^r Philadelphia, with produceILater from JPilie'« Peak'^ "'-•' LEAVENWORTH, Thursday, April 19, I860.I h e express ficm Denver City on the Llih. atxiveu,Jaafnjght, with §8,000 in gold per messenger. • It mat^NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, APftlL W, I860.*^mmaenn^'sa^ Coirjacamen act promptly in tter mat-«lorri»^a»)ya»4Jaohwarte voted andSouthernPytaft iaItsfa^or, ,f t V^^iff '•'^itexwtihey wouldx,Cw.TM ,. wae'evident; therefore, H-they-Jd The National TJniw. Convention, a>Tt i n n w Convention, they adopted a reeotatfoa tt> *he effect that they would not be bound by its nocnina- tiens, but would support whomsoever they chose.mlttee afcd passed.Mr. BAYARD (Dam., Del) reported a bill from thelimd that they can be operated against, and tha coming other Terrauaies; and if admitted now it will be urgedSummer ought to be taken, advantage of for that pur- whenever the necessity exists. It was not denied that Spsclsl Dbrpafch £« the ^ %' ^oae.. *H ; :Ji THBREVOLtmoWI«rSPAUTAFAIttTfiE. ;***atTroyMR.DOUGLAS'SPROSPECTSDOOBTFULtby surprise. In other words, he declines the honor and tbe question now was—he was not referring toregiments, but he tbonftht the plan proposed, of mount-JMr. HUGHES (Dem., Md.) offered an amendment,The Senate to-day confirmed the appointment of Fraak E. Wooten as Secretary of State for Utah.trate's oflice, ifcd owere out a warrant against Loomiu, who watt bhortly afterward taken into, custody by the oflicciH and lodged in jail. It seems that three yows since, in the little town oi* Mount Hope, Genesee Co.,cl* nine persons, cupuin, male, onginver, and aaaistauv.,,-. i\vo iljteuitn, two HcauAo, and cot^k. Her engiae<v4 •Mr. BQJNHAM (Dem., S. C ), referring to the dis-LivtarooL BRKADSTUKFS MARKET.—Messrs. Rioh- Outside thore is a very Email and inconsiderable uTd>on, Spevce it Co. report the market tor Bread*tulis quiet,*Mk^,,J>PM9Sto&<**Sb ^ ^ d o ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^wbether disturbances existed there or not, was not the the border men, who were known to entertain a singu- that purpose.im..y*!3ffiaggaa&a' MT.J .nmmt: w&& * » % » f" m4ka >' LATER FROM EUROPE Aii 'ir STi...J£,vf^W-X'R?W;,I»%M,?.,.lYaathftta..good reason adopted ther*?*1^ ofTfaismg a- volunteer; *egiamnt iater * The brd is bona fide, the twretlea have beenapproved by the Controller, and tothbg h want;ag ! XXXVITH CONGRESS' ment from the defense of innocent citizens? Itwas the onecase.they ^ p w t f c a w d uponto do it ia feeveraL I A SUm Attendance as Ifet* fed <a AKE1TAL OF T ^ NORTHAMERICAS'.-BOW hat the ratification of the award by the Com- mon Council. So fax as we can iee, there ia no good reason for this delay.•"". *»>:- ^ FIRST SESSION, >-tnw fiubject that it requiredmounted men, goodfiders, > ethe results arising from '*he. PoK<y now sought fOr sua; expert marksmen—men aocuctomed to border the first time <K>be inaugurate*;.- Would they* P«the,— — •'-for JrtthboWtog the protecting^ arm of t h e Govern-cotenrrett opition of all persons well informed upon The Committee wouiu * 'oak at what would.hcountry to the exnenee of fornifch.,Bft' these regK.^6 ?^ Mr. KING (Rep., N. Y.) seated that t&e Senate pr'mV- direction of the sun and, by the- eta's arid,natural for- whenever a frontier might be expo"il^ tolndiiu*. -ing Investigating Committee was ready to report, aad mation of the country, to operate aucsssfully against predatiohs 1 The claim urged for thia paT^cufar'kiod movedtheprintingof2,000extra oopiea of the vesti- the Indians.•This jorce can be organized at ocee cfprotectionwas,that the frontier people wereth*fc mony. Adopted... Sachaforce is'now ready to enter upoo a campaign befat quMlfedto proten their own homes. If this was fTie Rouee bill supplemsntary to the set for tak:ug ©gaunt tbe Indians, and to destroy them as they ectind logic^in the case of Texas, it was equally SoundThe Coolie Trade-ShockingSENA TE....WaSHiaoroa, April 19, I860.hfe,;accu8tomed to traUlng—man who can move to theon Wednesday, seems to hare been rathe* aj*00*'Bar *ffarr. While they chose delegates to the* Bal- the t#pfcuq was reported back from the Judiciary C^ui- ought to be destroyed. The Summer season ia the only logic; to urge en behalf of New-Mexico, Utah andIJudiciary Committee for taking private property for public usee, and allowing jast compensation therefor, arm it was taken up and dijcuseed. /arrived here-afS-o'clock this evening. , '\> '• ,*The Wisconsin Delegates arrived here this morn- to regulate commerce, Congress had power to build ti oops on tho Mexican border capable of repellipg such in depredations upon tie Indian*, and all of whom en- virtual surrender in the estimation of others. No ing, ea route V>j2harleston, crazy for Mr. Douglas. light-houses, it must have the power tolocate the site. an attack 1 Are they Btrongenough to discharge their terf.air,ed the mo«t revengefcd ana vmdletive feelfngS,. friends could be more zealous or JwthfaLThe Homestead bill was taken up. which they would give vent to in "summary" vengeance'Mr. GWIN.(Dem., CaM moduied his amendment re- duty in protecting the frontiers againust the assaults whenever they got the chance, whe^hor the Indian3 lating to the legal zing the occupancy of the mineral that will probably be made upon it ? Th<e force there •were guilty of depredations and ho&tflities or "not. h»ndsr eo a s t o e x c l u d e t h e s e w h o had merely daclarod w s 3 n o t capabl e of m e e t i n g t h e d a n g e r . T h e result H e denied t h a t t h e y w o u l d raiee a b o d y of mon such a3Theyare headed by ex-Governor Barstow. GEN. LAKE'S PROSPECTS.If; Mr. Douglas shall fail on the first ballot, the years' epRagement ia Cuba, wrung from them by hor-Gtn. Lane's friends left this evening. They are their intention to become citizens from the benefice will; be,-a» shadowed forth by Gov. Houston, that a tbe errergency demanded in this way. An utter disre- to change their front in solid column,, but indicated public lecturer.very sanguine of his nomination, in the event of thereof. volunteer force will have to be raised to chastise the gard of human life, was one of the prevailing feelings no second! choice. Several Eastern delegations areNAPLES, April 4.—Factious persons attacked the ?.< troops at Palermo, but they were dispersed, and thecity then became tranquil.Mr. Douglas's defeat.MR. DOUGLAS'S PROSPECTS.Mr. LANE (Dem., Oregon) opposed this alteration. Indians, and tdi repel the attacks of the Mexicans. am^d border men, and if they raised such a body of men, expected to cooperate in such a contingency, but Ho would, for himself, assent to no such restriction. What else will fellow ? When this has been done, and equipped them as p. mounted regiment, they wouldMr. Gw£N withdrew his modification. when tbe people of Texas have taken the matter into exterminate the Indians. Tbe question then was, car-hot be relied on. They will look after their ownThe first business of all other candidates is to Mr. BRAGG (Deia.f N. C.) opposed the amendment their own hands, after carrying the war into the In- would the Committee allow the regiment to be raised interests. • ' *" £ at w>me lex>«th. dian territories, and into the Mexican territories, and to carry out the idea announced by the Delegate from; :, ' SPAIN. •« MABRIU, April 4.—^When the troops found that Ges.kill Mr. Douglas. T H E TRIBUNE'S table, giving Mr. GWIN rejoiced, and the amendment was re- having performed this duty according to their own dis- New-Hdexico, to exterminate the whole race,of In- The Douglas men elaim the delegates, from Ortega had deceived them as to the object of the re-him 170 on the first ballot, called forth curses jected, by Teas i>; Naya 33.cietion, the people of Texas will present to this House dians 1 If this idea was right, if it was in accordance Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, aud Ver-cent movement, they refused to marou terns cry of.•; •is too low. They const on a few more.THE PRESIDENT'S LETTER TO MR. WALKER.The publication of Mr. Walker's testimony, and the President's letter to him, in the New-Y ork papers this morning, affords the most lively satis- faction to the Douglas men. They say it settles the question of Platforms, and what constituted the Democracy on the Territorial question, July 12, 1857.> THE HOUSE.The House again refused to adjourn over. It isalterations, to which there were no objections. Every consideration of economy required that they ing that object. This course was not the one that was Mr. FITCH (Dem., Ind.) offered au additional sec- t-houidtake the defense of the frontier into their own consistent with our relationship to the Indians.' If they tion to the Houee bill as an amendment, granting forty hands, and not leave it in the hands of the Texaue. He were compelled to wage war against the Indians, he acree to any eoldier or sailor who may at any time' hoped the Houee would agree to the Senate amend- would wage it with regular troops, commanded by have been must*red into militaiy service, provided he ment. . . United States officers, and conducted ui>on such Chris- wasnotdischaxgtdundercircumstancesofdishonor. Mr.McRAE(Dem.,Mise.)madeafewremarksyin tianprinciplesaswasobservedamongChristiannations. The propositi m was to extend tne provisions of tho favor of tbe amendment. In thin way tbe forces of tbe United States would inflictbountj land warrant system to eoldiers who nadserved Mr. STEVENS (Rep., Pa,) was opposed to the jnet £0 much chastisement upon these In liana as would lees than 14 days. Mr. Wade opposed this, as likely to amendment, seeing that it recommended an increase to comnei them tosuomiggion and obedience to the United embarrass the bill, the army, which he considertd was alraady strong Statee;. aad when that was once done, all was done.hli. FITC H sa»d he had no each intention. encugh tor the protection of the cduntry. He could He had infcuperable objections to the increase of the Mr. CRITTENDEN (S. Am., Term.) moved an not possibly understand why it was that the army was' army in Ihe manner propoeed. It was said that wareion to the Queen.Tranquillity reigns in the Balearic Isles.Perfect tranquillity also prevails throughout the na-tion.All the Deputies in Madrid have presented an- ad-dress of devotion to the Queen.The Vice-Presidency has been held out as a baitto North and South Caroliaa, Tennessee, Virginia,and Georgia, with some personal effect, but no de-cided influence. The game iB well understood, and cih' ,be. He hoped the friends of the measure would press House between a passage and a reconsideration. it to a finul vote.I t will probably fail there, as members think it more economical to mount some of the infantry, or add a mounted regiment to the regular army. Some do not fancy the expenditure of $1 000,000 just upon the eve of a Presidential campaign in the purchase of horses and materials, and in the payment of voters.GOV. WALKER CHALLENGES JUDGE BLACK.I hear that the Hon. R. J. Walker sent a chal- lenge last night to Jodge Black by the hand of Senator Brown, and that the Judge moves antoon find a pretext for involving this country in blood-dow11toKentucky for Mr. Gkithria T r: V.pose. Tbe war must be earned to the villages and tho people <«f Texas were exposed to Indian deproda- : \ citAfiLESTOK;rhtu«%jA>31%ieeo: Ihomes <d these Indians, and such a punishment in- tidns: to robberieSj and to murders; but neither couldflicted upon them as Will keep tbeojln order in ail time it be {denied, that the peaceful Indian borders were AJtt expectation of a great gatnoriog here is now Thia ia the jwiicy of the HOIK" Washiagton Huot, Mr. MASON (Dem., Va Veaid he beloved thiswa3 to come. Independent of tho state of affairs along the equally exposed to the depredations of lawless white abandoned, and there is a general feeling of di«ap-.; By Tdtgraph to Quccnttowri,LONDOW, Thursday, April £, I860* >• * / •whointendstosupportperhapstheDemocratic, thefirsttimeapropositionhasbeenmadetogivethe Texasfrontier,theyfouridanecessityforadditionalmen.; ' ''". '.''"" '".''•' ''-::':: -;,v'•''':;:'"; pomtnientattheprospect.TheMillsHouee/which Federal Government power to take land withou; the troops in that quarter, from the condition of th.rm<s Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) denied that the IndiansTheLondonDailyNetot(CityArticle;ofjetUr&aj r.fJ even*ng ebys:at,perhapstheKepublicantiche^ aeeentofvheowner. ,. .,-, alongtheRioGrande. Fromlastaccountsfromthe •wereespoEsdmthesameway., '•••/•:-•.••>/-^ '•>:'•;waspoparedforever1;000,hasoaly100sofar,*'To-daytherewasafurtherimprovementte*he Funds of an eignth, but in the afternoon they reltipsed to yesterday's prices. The supply of money is mopeMexican border, they learned that Cortina and his Mi. SI ANTON, in support of his argument, showed and other hotels relatively few. The N>rth v7e»t- Mr. WI&FALL (Dem, Texas) sa^d the Federal band of marauders were committing depredations. how Hhe Indians had been driven from their reserves.THE LATEST NEWS, Government had not the right of eminent domain. An;erican rangers had entered upon Mexican soil for erh delegations are provided for at the Mills House,This has always been tie doctrine of the Republican the purpose of caotnring him. Cortina was protected by theTexanfibefoie they could gather in the crops but fileep at Hiberniaa HaU, a fe w yards distant, liberal, but the high rates continue. But little b asisoes party. He did not mean the Blacks. Tne bill pro- by tne people en the Mexican border, and could not be which they had planted. The Indiana had been driven is done b«low 4%nb ¥ ceDt,"RSCZIVKD BY vides that when Congress shall determine to make the aireeled without a violation of Mexcan rights. Under from1 their homes with a strong hand, and with such where 132 cots are spread ia a single room. • The Times (Ctty Artiiile) of last evening says that - pnrchaee of any place for the erection of publie buUd- these- circumstances a war with Mexico was violence that tho United States troopshad to interfere Messrs. Richardson and Dyer, the two principal there has been a fal) in the shares of tbe Great Wost"IJL&0NETXCTELEGRAPH,Hgs,&c,withtheconsentoftheState,thePresideat imminent.Theconditionofthingsoa; thefrou.toprotectthemintheirexodustoothersettlements. emandCanadaRailtvuy,inconsequenceofthenon- shall appoint Commissioners to. fix she value, which tier threatens it. The act of the'Gsverniuont in.attack •' He then referred to tho commantoafcion from the •Com- managers for Mr. DouglaB, reached here laat night. declaratioh of a dividend.price being paid, the property shall be held in/fee by ing and capturing two Mexican Bhips belonging to Mir- missioner of Indian Affairs, wherein it was sot forth When they left Washington his nomination was re- Illinois Central declined on the announcement of a the United States. Incase the owner or owners of amon threatens it; and this latter act will makeitaelf that some oftbe clarges Urged agamat the Indiana for garded as certaia. Their confidence here is less call. ; ,Washington. Sf«*a* IH»P*tah to Tbe N. T. Trfbtm©.the property are dissatisfied with the pric*, provision jeIt along the Rio. Grande, and excite the people to the abduction of white women .and other thiugs were Shocking revelations had been msde concerning the fihalJ be made for settlement by legal proceedings. take part with the people of the capilalin resenting wholly unfounded. He was opposed to tho enrol- positive from the abseDce of the expected eafchu- .coolie trade in the southern ports of Cbioa, oa frrtdr-WASHWCTOS, Thursday, April 10, 186U "WTSCOXSOT FOR DOUGLAS.Jfr. COLLAMEE (Rep.,Vt );said thepower to erect tiis ttOt,.arjd war most be the reeult. An attack by public bmldiags. and select the site, was incidental to Mexico will inevitably be made, and he would ask, the power to collect revenue, &c If, under the po wer was the Government ready to repel it? Were thement of volunteer regiment^ of borderers, commanded by officers eelected by themselves; all of whom, men and efficers, might be supposed to have bean engagedslaBm. But they remain still firm. They believehe will be nominated on the third ballot, which is amation derived from the deposition of 105 men takes froin the coolie receiving ships. An hvjairy was or- dered by the allied commander-!r> chief, and it waa ae- ceit«»ired that in tbree c;r»olie veeeeis, t « o Americas ehipe, and the other an Oldenburg bark, t h e coolies i& had been kidnapped, and a nominal consent to an eight" Vive la Eeina." The General, seeing the turn a^*»re mont, with-ports of'Massachusetts, aud Connecti- had taken, took n5ght, and was pursued by his owncut, the rest of which are conceded to Mr. Toucey, troops. Hopes are entertained that ho wilPbe cap- Mr. BROWN (Dem., Miss.) propose! some verbal to raise the regiment of mounted Texans as propoied 1 have taken a considerable step toward accomplish- complimentarily. This count is conaidared extrava- tured. Tbe troops he misled have made their submi*-ilr. "WADE (Rej>., Ofcio) now moved to strike out a bill of'costs, which they would have to pay. Yes, with the civilizatian and Christianity of the nineteenth all after the enacting clause, and substitute the House they wi 1 be bound to foot the bill. Knowing this, century to exterminate a wholo people, why, then. the other hand, the Douglas men say the estimate Homebtead bill. would it not be better to give Gov. Houston the power iai.se this regiment of Texan rangers, and you willfrom the anti-Do\igla*itt&, both loud and deep. Onarcex-dment to the fifth section of the Senate bill, re- stricting the benefits conferred on persons not citizens to thote who at the time of the paseat'e of the bill arenot so disposed as to place a sufficient force on the witn Mexico was imminent, and in support of the ar- Jrontier for the protection of the inhabitants. As to gument reference was made to some affair wMch the Indian hostilities, there was nothing to be appre- lately took place in connection with Cortina, who,will be blocked.A partial test will be made on the question of. .• m AU3TRALIA.doubtful whether a quorum will remain even for residents of the United States. He advocated his hended from them. He believed that there was a with his bandits, had reappeared in the Mexican terri-whether the platform or candidate shall first beagreed on. The'Douglas interest and Southern the railway works are progressing satisfactorily.business on the private calendar. Many members leave for the North in the morning who are paired with Charlestonites.THE MEXICAN REGIMENT.The appropriation for Mr. Wigfall's mounted regimtnt of volunteers hangs suspended in theamendment at some length, and reviewed the history of past lf£;i»0ation upon the land system.greater necessity to keep a watch over and check the tory . Bnt no war could grow out of such an affair asoutrages and crimes of white men, than there was to that. However that might be, he would hot wish to Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) replied to the remarks exerciBe the»e precautons to keep do wn the Indians. give to the President a force Buch as that it was pro-extremists favor the former, but from different mo- COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.tives. Others urge a candidate in preference, in- LIVERPOOL, April .0—Owing to the closing of theof Mr. Crittenden.Alter farther debate, Mr. FITZPATRICK (Dem.,Ala.) moved to go into Executive session.Mr. JOHNS JN (Dem., Tenmj thoaghi if they werenot prepared to act on the bill, now theynever wouldIt had been asBtrted that a necessity bad long existed poeed to raise, lest is might tempt to an invasion of for a greater force on the frontier of Texas tban was Mexican soil. He did not want to give the Prea dent Btatiored there. If this was S0j how was it that the the means of making war without the content of Con- troops that were sent to Kansas, where they were not gress, and that was the reason he, for one, would not wanted, were not sent to Texas? Why did they aottending he shall personally indicate the spirit of the platform-markets lo-moirow and Friday, tho commercial nowTherewith.fcr-warded is &nlate tw wiJl go out in the America on dataMar..; LJVKRLOOL COTTON MARKET.—LIVERPOOL, Thurs-tend the troops that were sent to Utah to Texas ? Tdisiorce was sent to Utah at au immense cost, and sent shed, To meet the exigencies of the case, he would theie for no ether purpose, he. believed, than to watch pr<pcse that two of the regiments of infantry now on the intercourse between iBrigham Young and his the Texan frontiers b6 reorganized into two regimentsAfter a conversational debate, in which, by commonconsent, it was agreed to vote on the Homestead billon Wednesday week, the bill was made tue s secial concubines. [Laughter.] That curiosity haing novv of cavalry. Thn would give all the protection heeded,closes steady, with a fair demand at the following quotations: Fair. MiddUjog.crder for that day, and the Senate went into Execu- eathsfied, let the troops' be sent as quickly as tive session; after which it adjourned till Monday.Nr-w-Orleans.. Mobile UpUuds71 6_7i 6j7 6 S-ldwtibout increasing the numerical strength of the army. poteibl© to the Texan frontier, and when they This would diminish the strength of the infantry, but nave arrived there, Barely there will bo a sufli- in a corresponding ratio increaHethe strength of theurged by a majority of the Pennsylvania delegation. Mr. Bigkr will find himself cornered upon reachingcient force to protect the people fr>m ail hostilities, cavalry. His amendment wa?, that the President be Tie House went into Committee on the Senate's whether they come from white men or ludians. He authorized, whenever the exigencies of ths service re-here.Mr. Guthrie finds favor with the conserva-HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.amendment to the Military Academy bill, authorizing wanted the force in Texas to be supplemented by quire it, to equip and organize two rogiments of cav-The stock in port was estimated at 906,000 bales, of w&Ieh tive class, who are uncommitted and not partisans, 7t3,(>00bales are American.>ithe employment in Texas of mounted volunteers.spirit of partisanship, who would not bo impelled by turttances in Texas, said that the mere question tne prejudices and revengtfal feelings which actuatemen for that service, either individually or by compa- nies, and that a eum of $797,000 bo appropriated forUnited SiateB troops, who would not be actuated by a airy from the hrfantry regime nts, selecting the bestand is urged judiciously by his friends as a compro- mise candidate.»TATK OF TBATJS—The Manchester trade report gays there hau br.en no change since .Tuosday. There hM been a steady busineHk in Ulotbs, at foil prices.conaent to the raising of this regiment, which v^ou'dday, April 5.—Tho Bioknn' Circular report* the Hales for the Uat Mo*t of the Kentucky delegates have arrived.' few days at 4O,00Cbales,of which 1,200 boles were to speculators, and 7,1/0 bales to exporters. The market will be olosed to- They intend adhering tenaciously to Mr. Guthrie, morrow, it bfiiug Good Friday,slj qoaliries hare slightly deollaed,and discourage emphatically any movement for Mr. and Inferior qualities ore very difficult to sell, except at Irregular prices; the sales to-day (Thursday) foot up 7,000 bales, of wtrtoh Breckinridge, which will impair his strength when 2.000 (bale* were on hpecuUtion, aud for export. The marketbnt steady.real question before the Committee. Hostilities, it lar animosity and hatred to ail Indians, and who aot&d Mr. .LONGNECKER (Rep., Ph,) was in favor of inteie&t felt. Ln"KKrooL,v PROVISION MAHKKT.~Tbo Liverpoolwould not be denied, existed between the Indians on upon the doctrine of " manifest deetuxy"—that tae mounting two Jegiments of infantry, but objected toMr. Lace is not named for the Presidency, and Provision market is inactive, but steady. The holiday has pro- cuced quietness in the market.the euggf stion is ridiculed. LIVERPOOL PROBCCK MARKET.—Pot Ashos quiet at Mr. Orr is here surveying the ground, having 29/'a2H/(i. Pearl Asbes quiet at Ziil^Hij6. Sonar quiet M 4 4»- clined »d®Cd. Cofleo sieady. Rice quiet. Cod Uil 8S/-9W/ t the Reserve Indian*—the condition of things on ing two regiments of infantry, was the one whioh the which was rejected, proposing that the army be in achieved a vietoiy at the State Cinvention over the Liimeed Oil 28/<S%8/6. Ro»m dull at 4/3,a,4/4 for common. Spir-the borders and -the white settlers from the earliest Indians must be exterminated. He would vote, if Selecting them from companies, UBthis would create arrest of judgment on the ground of being taken attempt a* settlement. No stipulation could bind them, necetsary, for tbe raising of tw.o additional regular dissatistact:on smong officers. •of going out. the borders of that character as demanded additional House oogrn to adopt. It would be a dan'gerous thing creased by an additional regiment of cavalry. If we <It is not generally known or remembered that troops for the protection of the people ? If theie to raise, eqiip, and arm a regiment of Texan Rangera, are to have cavalry, let them be properly drilled, andshouldbeanecessityforadditionaltroops,the next tooperateontheirownfrontier,andolticeredfrom "the ex-Governor winged his man in a duel before question, was, what description of troops were re- among themselves. Tne border men were iinpetuoashe left Pennsylvania to reside in the Southwest. qoiied? It had been shown that some fifty-one men, and rash, and would EOOII plunge the country into anotbelikelytofallfromtheirhorsesattne firstoharge, Mr. Stanton's substitute was lost, 49 against 73.The amendment was adopted reducing the term ofultraf. With any Nbithern candidate for Presi- dent,7hewouldb&prominentforthenominationfor. Vice President.Major David Lynch of Pittsburgh, who i* now in women aid children, had been killed by the Co- manches within a few months past, beside an equJ. a very critical condition at the Infirmary here, was number carried into captivity. There was,then, a warwar. Gentlemen Siid that a war with Mexico »vaai im- study at West Point to four years..Mr. Stuart of Michigan is proposed, amongothers, for President of the Convection, but hisDouglas proclivities may interfere. That; selec-tion, however, will not be considered a test o applicants to tbe Medical Soair of the U. S. Army, Sur-a spectator of that affair.THE CORRUPTION INVESTIGATION-between the whites and tue Comanche lodians, and the question which presented in elf was, were there a sufficient number of troops on the borders to protectminent. Why, a war could he raised at any time. War was at the present time at their very gates. They had men murdered to order to get up a causa of war. If war with- Mexico is iimnineiit, it is be- cause a party of these very men will entsr Mexico ;n starch ot a person, tne fldoxicaas w^il resist, •hey will coDCe to blows, and then we will h»ye a war deolared, and il will be announced, " Tuat,The Senate's amendment to support a reginent of mounted Texas volunteers was rejected, 50 against 69.' Mr. Otero's amendment was rejected. . The Comuiittt-e robe.first of next May for the examination and promotion ofI hear that a great number of moat promiaent :he pecple of Texas and to keep tbe Indians inDemocratic politicians, here and elsewhere, are to check 1 The Secretary of War has declared that the number of United States troops on the TexanA motion was made to reconsider the vote. Three hundred delegates and visitors -from theMr. BONHAM called up hiu resolution that when North-West arrived this evening, to ewell the on the 34th inet.; all well. A general inspection of'whereat, a war exists with Mexico by reason of her " own act, therefore a sum of $30,000,000 bhalt be ap- war with tbe Comanches. Reference was made to the " propriated to carry it on." They had letters read petting forth the horribie cruelties of the Indians, bat .if the Indians could write letters, and supply xm with heir versions of these transactions, what horrible pic- nres of Christian men's cruelty and torture would ba reached here and were gone, but the trains to-day occnj ied by the Comanche Indians In the Winter, and revealed! Y"ou would have more terrible accountsbe iubpenaed to appear before the Covode Com- rontier is insufficient, inasmuch as the majority of mittee. them are infantry, a description of troops useless in ahe House adjourn on Friday ft.be to the 30ih inst.,and it wau tabled, 88 against 53. Adjourned.mUlaYyland' Union State Constatn-Douglas ehojue, which had become weakened. «.From Mavama. NEW-ORLEANS, Wednesday, April IS, 1860.fell the troops on the Iriand took place yesterday. Tho following officers had reported for duty to the Com- mandant of the Newport Barracks on the 15th inst.r Capl. I. Hendrickeon, Gth Infantry, aud LieutenantsDELEGATESTOTHE CHARLESTONCONVENTION. eport of the Secretary of War, wherein the enroll- It had been supposed that nearly all of the Dem- ment of a volunteer mounted Textin regiment was ocratic politicians bound for Charleston hud recommended. There were 800 miles ot frontier to project, extending from the Rio Grande to the country.n o m a * ConfentaoTffl'.- BALTIHORK, Thursday, April 19, 18b'0.The eteanaship Havana has arrived from Havana, John T. Mercer, 1st Dragoons, B. F. Finley, 6th In-bring in a fresh swarm, with the promise of the troops stationed on this frontier are totally ineffi- given of outrages, and murder, and assassination, th-in " more a-coming." A gentleman from Indiana io- cient to protect the inhabitants. Well, then comes the are set forth in thoeo letters jast read, and which comequestion bo v to remedy the evil, and put a stop to up here so opportunely on this occasion. But he had forms me that there will be some 150 persons at tdese hostilities, aid to punish the Indians. This was not yet seen upon what authority the United StatesCharleston from that State, a fast which fore- xhe question to consider.' It had been suggested that Government was called upon to atFord protection two regiments of infantry should be raised; but this against these Indians, until tho Texans themselves hadshadows a large attendance from all the North- plan was not the proper one. It was known that exhaufiied all their own means, and were then com- west. bodies of infantry wore utterly unacquainted-with pelled to call upon the Government to come to their re-. The Union State Constitutional Convention assem- bled at noon to-day in Carroll Hall.James Wallace of Dorchester, was cho30n tempo- rary President.Discussion ensued relative to the admission of two H., and member of the New-Hampshire Legislature, on the loth of May for Fort Kiley, and CoL Miller,Delegates from Baltimore, one representing tho Union committed suicide tins morning. Convention, and the other the American party. Itmount infantry aad accustom them to the use of tue the country to-morrow, his strength would be horsi, for the Summer was at hand, the most favor- able time for operations,- and if they, allowed the greatly in advance of what it now is; that if they Summer to pass they could not operate against thedifferent nets of delegates from Allegany Countyand Which will undoubtedly attract, when finished,/ muchBaltimore City, by admitting both. attention. It is a portrait of Senator Seward, which Depot, W . T , has been ordered to farnisb, from timethe delegates to Charleston could be elected in allwere elected upon the present basis of population, Comanches this year. It was said that the Sejre-tary of War had*long withheld his recommendation Now-Mtx.co. He thought that when this question waswas made permaiient President.A Committee of One from each county, to preparethe buiJii.eP8, was appointed at tbe night aessioc.The Committee reported iu favor of sending repre- sentatives to tho National Constitutional Convention, aud recommending the appointment of electors. Thefirst resolution was adopted; the second, recommending,the requisition of the Boundary Commissioners or that with which everybody ie familiar. The artist has suc- of the Chief Astronomer.instead of that of ten years since, he would for"the raiding of the Texan regiment. That was liken up, when the necessity of raising a voiuhteer overcome the fire-eating bullyism of DUuaionists, true; but now the necessity for checking the hostilities regiment for the protection of tne Texan frontier pra-became so urgent that the Secretary of War made the feemed iteelf, that some consideration would have been ?er se, at the South, as well as the pusillanimity of recommendation for a volunteer regiment in good faith. paid to the protection of the people of the frontiers ofceeded, where others have failed, in catching the pure- ly intellectual expression of the face before him, and of the head so strongly marked, particularly in its unu-Three revenue vessels—Harriet Lane, Aiken, and Dobbin—stationed between Cape Bomaha and Cape- Florida, are on a sharp lookout for slavers. The Dob- bin has gono to Port Royal, having heard that thre© slavers were expected at that place. Tbe United States revenue cutter Crawford arrived at Charleston on the 17ih inst.; all well.The latest advices from China state that the United States steam corvette Hartford, Fiag-Oiiicer Stripling, was at Sbangbae on the 1st of January; all well. The John Adams bad also arrived at Hong Kong; all welL The following is a list of her officers: Commander, John M. Banian; Lieutenants, Edw. A. Barnett, Cuy-' ler, Hall, aud Stone; Surgeons, B- F . Gibbe and P . Londedale; Master, Q. M. Blodget; Purser, H* BL Day; Gunner, Lane; Carpenter, Kobinet; Siilmuker,. Cased; Boatswain, Mr. Smith; Captain's Clerk,. Shanltey; Purser's CJerlr, VVatkius; First Lieutenant, D. M. Cohen, UniUd States Marine Corps, command-- inpr the Marine Guard.MARINE AFFAIRS.TRIAL TRIP OV THE STEAMER SETH GROSVKtfOR. .Yesterday at noon, this eteamer left her wharf aud proceeded cown the Bay on a trial trip, having on board t&e-Managers of the Jicff York Colonization Society' ateo, Messrs. Johnson and Dunbar, the ownere, w utreachery that exists in the East. Even as things As to this charge, that volunteer regiments murderedNew-Mexico. He taougbt that two volunteer regiments would have b«en recommended, onefor T«xas, and one for New-Mexico. The House some time ago refuted to agree to the recomniendatioh. for tne Volouteer bills, when it was believed that if this regiment had be&n raited the frontier would have been properly protected. Again they were forced to come beiore Congress aud HfeS for aid in consequence of the numerous -depreda- tions and muroers oi unoffending women and children. When these enormities are brought before the attention of Congress, irh-tead of their exciting indignation, theythe ap^oimn.'ent of district electors, caused much di«?- sual length. The pose of the head, which in the ordi-cutsion. Some thought the Convention should ap-j point electors only for the State at large, leaving the nary portraits wants strength, in Mr. Hicks's picture ispeople of the dibtricts to select thoir own cloctori.*~ very fine, and the carriage of the body is very full ofTine jREjsfconvi and ^Ve*tern Tele- dignity and of life. The attitude chosen presents himare, if his own friends in the North were of thewomen and chid* en, he denied that such w*s the case,except in instances where it was unavoidable. In the CoL Lander type of Northern Democrat*, his nom- operations of regular troops it sometimes happened ination would be insured now. For my own part, that women were killed. In the gallant fight of the1 believe that he is to be slaughtered at Charleston.' 13th of May, when forty or fifty Indians wore killed by the txoops, ei^ht Comanche Indian women wereMessrs. G»in, SlidelL Bayard, Bragg, and other unavoidably and unintentionally killed, though thograph Company.ST. LOUIS, Thursday, April 18, i860.The Missouri Jind Western Telegraph Company wasorganized yesterday by the election of C. ML. StebbinflPresident and Treafturer, Edward Creighton GeneralAgert, and Robert C. Clowey Secretary and Superin-very nearly in profile, a position in wMch, we believe, Mr. Seward is painted for the first time. It shows tho strong lines both of features and head" in their beat light, and unquestionably is tho moat correct and forci- ble poTtr&yai of the man that can be given on canvas.Senators, leave here to-morrow to swell the number of high bflrcipl* who are already on the spot. It requires ro prophet to foretell their mission. Gen. Cuahing has also concluded to leave to-morrow. MORE ABOUT MR. BUCHANAN.commander >f the troops upon that occasion was one of t K moat humane and gallant officers ia the Ameri- can service. If this occurred with regular troop3, it wan n<.t to be wondered at if it should sometimes hap-tendent. Among the corporators of this*Company are The picture will add to Mr. Hicka'a well-earneJ fame pen with/ irregular troops, especially in wars where found the gent-eman from Pennsylvania [Nix. Stevens) Charles M. Siebbins of St. Louis, Isaac R. El wood ofwomen tools part. But the Government was bound to eulogizing Indian warriors. Such men aa he, such •s a painter of heads, and will give to those who areanora protection to tbe people of Texas. When Texas humanitarians aa he, were more hateful to the Indians Rochehte?, and J. H. Wade and Anson Stager of Cleve- mot familiar with his subject a new idea of Mr. Sew-than that first published. But the game is no looger Mr. PENDLETON (Dem., of Ohio) hoped that tho f-pilled by them fcince the annexation of Now-Mexico worth the powder. The evidences of Mr. Buchan- Senate amendment would be concurred in by the to the United States. They had suffered more than an's duplicity in politics are in the breeches pockets Rouse. They had heard it stated by the two gentle- they had while under the iron heel of Mexican despot-as possible. They will be prepared to connect with a northern or southern line to California, or both if two are built, as is mont likely to be the case, thus converging all the lines west of the^Misaiseippi at this point, making St. Louis the great distributing cen- ter of telegraph business between the Atlantic and Pa- cific stations.•Sontlsern Items.AUGUSTA, Ga., Thursday, April 19, T8bUPostmaster-General Hoit and wife have arrived at Charleston from Florida.Judge Magrath decided on Wednesday that the South Carolina Cirouit Court has exclusive jurisdiction against Capt. Come, and that his case cannot be re- newed in Georgia.Editors and newspaper men generally are gathering rapidly at Charleston.<rf very many men.- S I R . DOUGLAS A T T H E SOUTH.men from Texas, that, within the limits of ther dis- ism. They bad thought their condition Would have tricts, scarcely out of earshot of the people of the cap- been bettered by the change, but so far as their pros-ital of the State, sixty-four men, women and children perity and material resomces were concerned, theyof that Sta^e were murdered by the Indians. Tue hud b*en ruinod. Mr. Otero put in some letters to be I have to reiterate that t&e President's position papers of this morning give deplorable accounts from read, in which the agent for Indian affairs in New-of urging ultra Southerners to require the nomina- the Texan borders, which show that people are mur- Mexico detailed the cruelties of the Indians. He-de-dered and homes deserted because the Government nounced the doctrine that had bnen set up, that becaueewill not give tbe people aid and protection from the there were a few bad, lawlets white men in the Terri- hardened nearly all the personal elements South* wild and savage Apaches. These accounts show that tory, the great bulk of the peaceable, industrious andagainst Mr. Douglas. The partiz*n friends of each theie is an imperative necessity existing that Govern- wealthy citizens should be left to the mercy of the In-tion of one of their own men, has compacted andSouthern candidate have brought themselves to an-ment bhonld, without delay, order the. eurollment of a Texan mounted regiment; and that, if this was not cone, that then tbe people of Texas will be justified indian eavagC3. These lawless whites, he aeaorted, were not the permanent citizens of New-Mexico, but roving emigrantc and fugitives from justice, who, having nosix-year old. Three weeks ago, his owners, Messrs. several citizens of Monrovia. The Seth GrosvocorDunham & Higdon, had refused $4,000 for him. was built by Henry Steex*, esq., coet $14,000, aads of<m i- II • •'«—At the recent municipal election in Kansas City, 72 tuns register. Length of k«el, 8<3 feet"; bsni, 15feec6icchoaj depth of hold, 5 feet 2 inches.. ihe ht. Dr. G. M. B. Waughs was elected Mayor, over tho plainly fitted up. No expense has been sparedib make..ticipate his success either as a first or a secondchoice. Thus they will l^oep up voting against Mr. organizing a body'to inflict chastisement on these means of livelihood, take part with the Indians againstIndians wherever they m a y b e found.. The gentle- the peaceable inhabitants. Now Mexico has an Indian Douglas until such time as is s»-t down ia the pro- man from New-York (Mr. Olin) denies, that any regu- frontier cf fifteen hundred miles and an Indian com-two Democratic nominees, by 115 majority. Thus we Eee the seeds of Freedom planted during the struggle against the powers of Slavery, springing up in thisARREST or AN ALLKCXD NEW-YORK MURDERER.—. her qu>.ii'icB. It is imcndod to touch at licm^idn,gramme, when a division shall be made for Joe. lar war existed between the whites and Indiuos. munication of one thousand miles—that is to say, What did the gentleman mean by a regular war ? that to 7each the States from the frontier, the frontier Lane and not for Mr. Breckinridge, because Mr. The Indiana were not in the habit of form- people had to Vaverse one thousand miles of Indian Buchanan cannot consent to the idea that while he ally declaring war before they commenced temtoiy; and y«t under these circumstances Congress had up to this refused to give them any efficient pro- stealthily, and rob, and burn, and kill before taeir in- uciioii or aid. He saw n^umtaiity in-defending and tentions are known. It has been also charged against protecting savages who murdered smo.cent.men, wo- ••he people of Texas that they had committed groat men ano children. They ought fires to look after the cruelties upon the Indiana. He admitted such was tbe safety of the whites, their fdlow-citizcns If he had his own way, he wouid dispose of them in a differentAlvin Blake&ley of Ufcica, N. Y., a dentist, myate-riously disappeared at sea on Monday last from thesteamship Augusta, at Savannah from New- York. Hois supposed to have been insano aud to have been new and beautiful country. _________ drowned.,, her a oul>HU.ntiul and fast bout. She is 'to plyon.the- •const as a mail and exprees steamer. Although she is so small, Capt. Keimer, who has contrasted toako her to die Coasts has tbo lutiehtconfidence in the veeel andis to be dropped, the gentleman who ran as second hostilities. No; but they make tu»ir approach to him shall now come forward as first.Peiinsylvansa Railroad.Thef*1'i-~*- *~»TM « M*mnbis i'1'enn.l uaner or thethere to repUniiib hcr'coui and stores, froui. thdes to ' tho A/x>res t^> coal, und thence direct to Monrovia^ Sae will carry lideon oa\u' fuel, aud with tho aid d her bjiils (she being sohoonsi^rigged), she ia expecw. to-cane, but he at the same time contended that tho ac- counts upon that head were very mae'a exaggerated.' Buo that such outrages were at all committed snowed that the people of Texas had been exaeperated beyond.wan as a fugitive fromjustice from tne State ot fcew-Yorif WihSjn immediately proceeded to a magis- nibk e tht voj age in thbcuy day a. TLo cxe su w\_l coiii*wmanner.Mr. STANTON (Hop., O )—How ?This completes the hundredth day the House has aonaisof boxder warfeie. Those who contended, or volunteers* rtiied for the protection of tbe frontier was, been in actual session... There is no donbt, from pres- imagined thai the Rtnervti Indiana were not counocted that by tho punishment that would be inflicted upon^ent indie aliens, that a quorum will be present during wita Lhese hoetilitiep, knew nothing of tho matter, aid the Inoians by-the frontier men, they would be imtherextweek. Asmuch,however,cannotbesaidof thegentlemenfromNew-York(Mr.Olin),whenassert- pr«?Kdwithasalutiiryfourofthem,andthat:they the Senate, many of Its members having already left ing this, had allowed his zeal on behalf of these Indiansthe city. to get the better of hia pradenoe. But it was not these might know thnt it wuu not ueceusary to send for Nearly ail the Republicans vo£e.I agaraet the Senate's Wiana the people feared, but the depredations of tho foieign aid for the purpose Without euch a-body ofComanche* and Apaches, who were the iuvetsrate ene- men they could have no permanent posurity.The Committee on £l«ctious kave reported ia favorof Mr. Howard, against Cooper.lhe sitting member, inthe Michigan contested cise. Mcsars. Gum ell, Sher- characierized by acts of craeky and atrocity, of mur- they met, until They faubjugated them. [Laughter.] man, and Boyce unite in the mtoojity report. ders and assassinations, beyond all precedent iu the 'Hint would be Lin plan. Tae reason he deairod to haveendurance. It showed that the Indian hostdities wereMr. OTEItO—His plan would be to ra'se a regiment in New-Mexico, and to go forth and kill every ImhnnfcorezHirutnt appropriating nearly $1,000>000 to enable mies ot the white people. Was it because there worg Mr. STANTON callod attention to the remarks of near Hawk, and before it was subdued •. llt'seeu framoIj iug dead upon tho second story stairway Ira il'ig la A ly irg at tho ioot of Teuth threat, E* 1?. 8U«i stils Qa '.the President to call into service a regiment of Texan some lawless white men on the frontier of Texas that.Mr. Otejo, to fchow that if they made an application butlcinga w a e destroyed. The total lots will not ex-Jnigh£ Tandeceasott! wa*aminn ojj,m^P^^ h^:U.Tbnr..d'y ne'xi, 2t>thiv.i.ttottatadvolunteers.Messrs. Carter. Curtis. Jonkin,for tht fcrnithing of a regiment of mounted volunteersceed $15,000, wui<-a h partially insuredi• >.•.,ii'L .•>Untitled Document/DISAPPOmTMEBT OF HOTill KEEPSRS.• ,••,»••>$&,...,S* >i t •VVPoatLAKb, Me,, Thursday, April 19,, (The'eteamehip North American, Capt. Artcn, formLiverpool on'the 4th inst., aad Quoenetown oh tbe^ifc^ < ..',/.-' , :North-"W<B6tera ielegatiohs resolved at Waslimgtoiirible modes of tortuie. " ••>'' < Louie Blanc had made a most successful debut as agant by well-informed persons.No safe opinion can be formed oftbe result till a larger number of delegates have arrived and com- pared opinions.- •it* Turpentine doll at 35/6. Tea—sale* unimportant.LONDON MONEY MARKET.—Consolsclosed on Thursdayat,(H8/®94j|lormoney,and94J'0'94f;foraccount.ARMY AND NAVY INTELLIGENCE.A Medical Board will meet on Governor's Island-theTbe House concurred in the Senate's Texas Regi- strength. geon C. A. Finley, President. A detachment of 42 ment amencment, bv years 74, nays 72. men arrived on Governor's Island from Harper's Ferry-was proposed to have both renresented.The attendance is large, aud much interest is maa-ifeftfd in the proceedings..The Convention settled the difficulty hi regard to tha"•—----- -- Pwith four companies 2d Cavalry and two Companies 2d PORTRAIT OF SENATOR SKWARD.—Mr. Thomas Dragoons, will operate against the Kiowa Indians.J 8th; :• passed through,this evening on the Pounsyl- New-York was walkingHAiuusauitG, Thiu-sduy, April 19^ 1800.- - .man who cave his name as W . C. Looans, ahaaiKir-15th iust. No news.fantry, and George W . Carr of the 9ch BSfantry. Com- pany H, 2d Infantry, loft Fort Leavenworth on the 15th inst, en route for Fort KHey. Maj. Day, withSuicide.BOSTON, Thursday, April 19,1860.Cbas. "Stone, a prominent lawyer of Plymouth, N. three companies 2d Infantry, will leave Fort LaramieThe Hon. Daniel Weieell of Washington County, Ogives quite another impression of that. distinguished to time, all necessary details from his command, uponman than that produced by the prints and photographsthe second gomg-out pony express at. O'Eul Ion's Blnllh. New-York, a daring borglary was committed upon the bly; the vessel'made 13 miVs with a prcasure of ~&Nothir-g of Hpcci«i hiterost had transpicod in tho gold premises of the SneriJT of Gtiiesoe County, and tho puuiido, vacuum 28, and very liale vihraiion was per-r«gion. Emigrant*, were arriving rapidly, and preipa^ Sheriff murdered in cold blood. Loomis, who wa* icu#- ceptible. Tt© trip proved highly suii*ta.ctory toall cau-pected, mado his escape, and came to Uus city about ayearago. DuringhisTeadeucebore,hebaabeuu.on- eeAiod, TiviMJfrom-Old*&i>totheeastendofConey«nged m some machinsj-thop." leland and back, 1 h e w i*ud 50 miante»i. O ^ u g to thoJighttoei oltlie <yind,a-ttial oftbe sails wssBimprwUca-tA lire broke out this afternoon on Or*ngo streak street, found onn of hsy boarders*"natasd Patrick Saay bio. Thin r,: e^uouor i» weHW>ithy of a visit. She U <dTutionii ior mining were being actively ciuriedforwaird. • -«•5?ive ai Alfoaiay. . Ai.nA.NY, N. Y., Thursday, April 19, I860.FOUND DEAD.—MI*. Sullivan, oi No, IU Churiy''iM t<:• -!'•',%>>*•(;?.*SWITZERLAND.Tbe National Council, by a vote of 106 against 3^and the Council of State unanimously, have voted the extraordinary powers demanded by the Federal' Couir-SYDNEY, Feb. 7,1860. Great floods have destroyed iquch proparty. AHTwhjch w eve built a;,the Allaire W orks, worked adiaira- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com5 