 -foim,there,to thegreat delectationofthe assem-nomitalmtglBetkatbetatmadfUoMofthecaatf* datMtoCleik.uidhmi jmt laformad the memlMnadoiiAuoated ladlTldaal Is the Chair beoMtl^ your etownftrioinc week! will be one of tboiw; bottheaatanl joetloe «a>d I>eiil«nlt7 of jrour ten|||Knuyb«nUedontomciieyonafterndueproc<•vABlag! TUflutK00d-a4ttmdptragnphhu.{Hit Id, UTiDg in view the precarioai and once vMBMsiir which niT gallery-eeat li hekL The .blediamty-toiirbelowmehasabroadsideSpMkenhlp quite heary enongh to aink a doien email, cork- wood pirogue* as your ooneapoiemptied in his room on the olght of election and that ;« btch history has no parallel, wHI be dieutad at t"h"e" mouthoJ(hecaaaat.by».—" ^"=""^?» Owrd07SB-BTtlVll« Oftum #iAir«^MTBO-..... „ ftsM.An *dTCTtIs*ai*ath*s appeared In tte'daXf »a»enJbuBor says -basketsYonrme to attend a meeting of the ConsUtutlODal UnloaAaaoclatioa Is *' The Union, the Constitution, and thethattheSpeakerhasadosen tiled with saw-dost—baskets wUehUaloB ti^kopeftal.Ittiasbeen foreaoBlaier Dosou* ha*» AssociatlOB OB tha 4th Inst., has, tids moment, come Parties deiiring further InformaUon upon the subject ARABELLA described by the author as "envelolit. _, Fareporters been aaking point and comqiosdents who.bare not been baptised In thewho ma; desire them. JOHN B. DUNHAM,HOS. ISloU Eut iSth Near Broadway, Near-York.the Penneytranta Babel Irst waits upon him In his re- •ioMd oAoinl capasUy ! As the immortal QoUp said Jb ft* OH Omrimitf Shop, " that will be a mee Jag '." TiMkltma of•dTai all OT«r Foanr's body as the result of that•^amUmgi and the amiable, bigh-souled old gentlemanvlMatota Ow White House wlU probably chew up' and axtaimlnate out of the face of things various, ifMr. E. C. PxcBiH read a portion of a voluaiaons letter from Jomi Moioa Botts, expanded to the lengthMo X sewing "**^*hln^rs M Mrs, Fnngas' dress (she has to a doable Tk* buyadipoMmatter will deposit them-mindsthe objects of the meeting, and closed vrltli an appealto the yeong men to jotn the new HaaoiinggaageshgJ^eiSSiSiSI^^ dresses was just two hundred and twsnty-flve <M, H ffkf^ extrem* eheapBfss, aad the ext.•ot cigars during the quarter of anChaileeton, proaentthe Demoeratle ataadard-bearer, a national, conser- JustDuriu the delivery of his speech there was a con-cham;'iil«-«k*:letter of the loth uli., InvitingAaaprooFofthi^-slncelie means to fiD these with the heads of all a of AlabaoB's allegedtohand, and I hasten to that it 1* can gain It by not express my regret/VaaitiksJVsi^l'Mt An*" *"SeJMTlbimt.!%• vote for Cleric Is nowTeaDT is the candidate of theI<t«wiB|i<i»n men witlmnt exception. Just fancy thefttftakaofourbelovedandOloatiloasPraddent,when bysurprise,overborneandcrasheddownundertheenforonaent of the law"—noble objecu, which have 'my most hearty approval. cCheers.) But yet Itlh.> «».i!iS!?' 'i^yTM'-^**\j^Otiener.going on, and Jons W.(xceptlonfor State-houseOfficers, Judges, Solicitors——— MII.LARD FIULLMORKvery andday, than like ayoung ladyof one hoadiadRepabUcans and Antl-so forth.of the Conven- majority Montgomeryawn, nnlightedmeet again, said the old coon to the wild cat Charleston, placesasw aad saperlor SfaaUle Machine, Ntw-Ysrk.;Ihsse animals, dissociated for many years, finally -came together again on the counter of a hat- storetinuedstream of receders from the room, though'MO. IM fPLTOM-ST..Brookija.With BO particular sympathy for Foasir's politicaldiscipline Maimftrtailng pin,;BfH*d op tts eootents withont the loss oF aBT. Ixpertenee teaches us ws want no other sSs Ikaa. (ood;cat-calls, and confusion.] What Interest bad la M. B. theya andindividual lends hisevery sriaatoqaotatoacccompUstilng the main result. Ttie'JFoaaiT reoeiving 112. There is no demonstration ofapplaaBebeieupan; hot a broad grin is on the faces «fallttoaenotInlovewiththePresident—whichIs tantaaooBtto on every one of the four thous-that question 1 It should be only debatable In terri-whose attendance had been eitherpeeled, the interest of the proceedings mainly centresletters read. The meeting was called for 7At the hour named the hall was but•mt aUteora, my Plug-TJgly hero, who behaved but as the evening advanced the people flocked inrecognitionforTOLmnoriJHF.The Poblishei* *rspasm*of suppressed chuckles, andin Ihe o'clock.Hamuv, of Maryland, Is now put In nominationJOSEPH H. RICHARDS, Publisher, No. B Beekiaan-st, New-YoribFOBTRAITd ePTBXTHREE CANDIDATES roECHIEF KNQIMEER WILL APPXAXitar Satgaast-at-Anns by J. Uoaauoa ELiaais,thinlyoccupied,Mr. GRATeoB—(Bboob, Baooa) that I appear before (Baooa) you this evening for the purpose of giving you a (Bboom)Wmm Damociata are making the bestNO. 33T BROADWAY.aRT'a Vrtcavberaaa is theM8T AND OBXAFKBT XBROLR PerDRKSSINO. BEAUTIFYINO, OLEANINO, (JUHI,- nro. PRKSKRYIMO AND RESTORIHO THiS HAIR.Iria aa part of their bargain with •adtkongbtheDavis fighton theeaa for GuMamnna,'^afvalor. Weepforthevainlybravenatlaa wUcb elected PumniaTOX Is riding ajMoattrangli all the minor somlnatlans, and Horr- blage, performed at intervals the national airs.ous (Bboou) Union. There nowthajrdespair- The combi-hi theno clear sky a (Bboom) cloud portending (BaooM)danger to (Bxoom) and it behooves us to take warningand the storm. fly coming (BaooM)high tum i> aliartriii by seven more votes than were re-The meeting was evidently becoming excited. Its IiadMa, tiy it Forsalsby alldraggistaaadperfaaers.qalndthen Boves tliat an additional salary be given to theTUESDAY. THE NEW-TORK SITN.ONE CENT PER COPY. READYTODAY ATTWELVE O'CLOCKClerk joat depoaed, to wit, the extra sum ofsightjoined preamble and resolutions :charge the Republicans with being the authors of tbe8VBAKN8WILDERdoUais per day from the 4th of to4a a Maud-headed, bald-headed, genial, cheery and Anddlittla gentleman, with a face somewhat afte''politics of the conncry which may well arrest tiie atten- tion of the most IndUferent, and alara the twrs of theThe President then annonnoed that head-qaarters bad been secured, and measures taken to give uni-'Vy^IU.BEWILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK. WILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.OfTaala* lh*_ aadaold, 310 bar* bean tasted la aoeUeattl In*. WaItsa DO eyeiHOws to speak offar pBipoaea of self-inspection under a bulging,of the newof Hernia or Raptare at No. 3 Yeaey-K". Ladles waitedA assortment largebat BO* large foreheadIhee attcUag far out beyond the line of his headThe I<a8t Days of Stephens. BIS DISCLOSCRZS IN SIGAKD TO TBE PISTOLnDENCK IK BIS INNOCEHCC.WRW-TOl^j«feaa«d«haaks Ued with good red blood, but of an In-BBiy yearsexperienceROASTRS AUTX ROASTED AUVS! ROAStED ALIVCI ROASTED AL'.VI ROASTED AUTM!it la tlie last act of;— COH-TO THE n.CBIBEK8 OV BJaOOHXiTN, AMDMKW-TOI!;speak(Bkoom) you to-nightsubject of (Baooa) glori-over sweeps theTHE NEW-YOSK (whoweretheheaviestlasersbythelate ilrt,>fully announce that the MBRCVBT will be isned, aa"" When the cheers had ceased there began anew the the Clerk has had perqolsldges and private emolu- cries for FiLLMoaa, amid which Mr. FasniBica Grat- ments, making his place not worth less than $15,000 Boa was Intioduced, and said that he regretted that or (20,000 a year. If this be so, the present eleemo- the distinguished lentlemen who had been called onstayed him; concluiling tills, he stated: I knownothing of any means used to produce my wife'sdeath. Of this, he tiegged us to believe, as he said Fahnv Rose, eldest daughter of W. Coker, Esq., all of his mind must dwell on other things, and bid us askhim at the last moment when he had but a second toSketch in this week's LEDGER. MARY STANLEY Sold everywh»re.OlilTER IVENBBIX H»UIHB»"synary anpeal Is rather of the diminutive ruta-baga kind—the potatoes bemg few in the barrel and small at that.againdesired His confession of sin before prayer.vaat features of Rameses on tbe face of hto ro^hewaBlessingsfallthickonhishead:Criestheletter,"momentarilyInter-continuallyspokenor the thousand things rumor bad ascribed to him, orBe 1* a long-faced, lad-Ciieed, ratlier feaadsoBO man, with brown Vandyke beard and;"home to dwell with Christ,** were to " approximateDavid's thirsting for God," yea, lor the living God." Wewereastonished. WehadsorrowfuUyjour-;tj*ii«a|iaadiiul.LEDGER also contains several complete stories—two continued Tales—Answers to Correspondents—Edito- rials—Essays—Anecdotes, he., fee—maUng, as Ihea good-beajted, civil oflcer—one whoPORTRAITSorni THSSB CANSIDAnS retCHIEF BNGINXBR wiu APraiB TO-MORBOW, TUBSDAY, IN THE MBW-TOBK SVH.given,that JiuJanuarylastevening,acquaintingmewiththeforma- "^FREKcSaNDC^^'EBBpans,teneatSILK NET", COITFURBS, AND HBADStfJIWl. FANCY HAIR FINS AND OUMBS-aev strles- SLIDE8AND BUCKLES, of steal, peart, jet aadgBt OILT AND STEEL JEWELRY.DBKSS BUTTONS, GARTERS. GUARD CHAINS.not be removed. His name should give him invUlrig me to thema^s meeting to be held, under lisand ir it ooald do him any good to say that he bad a large UmHf of (auU ehlldraa—fix of them down in thaaaaaia*, fotirin the Inflammatory and mottledalataaf leaTlatlnai and tha twlaa teethiac—mch a atataaaat waaU fee diearfally pat tocwaid by yonrJoKKS.—In on the night of Friday, Feb. 3,rweek's LEDGER. The man who "keeps his eyes andproariatarlal right*In his present placeiof Engagements a con-that we heard' In trust wereheaven. Theliouse of in the aibt year of her age.mooftaelieknowa a*, and wIkmb we knowaeBO* all onr letter* with prompt dispatch, and wtio*mtkl to ba retained If the members wish to hare limits ; the latter, though possessing strength;to control a aingle electoral vote at the approaching election, oeyond its sectionalemperedhwterlansinthisroosting-place. Thein the central States, is not sure of carrying any one of them. I have no belief that a single electloa, de- cided on a purely sectional basis, would cause a sep- aration of tne states, but It seems to me equally cer- tain that the Union cannot long subsist after the"Thomas E. Belts, aced 34geod taddMoDal fact tliat be has a variety of grandmothersing thatendeavored to comfort oswhen God had thui poured out the rich means of hisyean.and grandannts depending on htm for support should;grace.lover of my soai,''times. Spoke of many friends touched for a mo-one who cairie* ornotexpectto the place expecting soul agony as we shouldaodlf the new Doorkeeper—He " Rock of Ages," " Jesus, sang joyously,alaoDe consideredelected next Monday—wishes to have the wishes of tlie cock-loft, he must respect the vested lights—the lights of ownership—up here.^and more till some try, will become more intense,year of her age.The relatives and friends ar* respecttoUy Invited toattcad her foneral, from tbe residence of her father. No. n Sooth ist-st. this day, (Monday,) at 2 o'clock P. M., withont further invitation.NOBODY.plorably active between the two sections of the coun-cheering tribute to a father^ love and careful training. He spoke most afiisctlonataly of Gov. MaasAB, aadondaagbter George G. and Sarah H. Glaaier, in the UthTram Aaettwr Oetrespendsnt. ^rouncAi.TmrorAlabama—docolas,clat oae—willbringonthecatastrophe,slighttrusted God would reveal to him his lonocaneeofABD TAaCXT BSTOBS TBI FBOPUt—TBI 8ICX8- BIOBI8T8 IB KETXBAT.WAtantareR, Wednesday, Feb. 1, 18W.The injadicioas and extreme action ofelans in the Alabama State Convention, has producedwartl na which threatens to out of sweepf It Is in vain to argue against the probability ofsuch an event, t>ecause It would be madness to breakup tbe Union. AU great national calamities, not His for amounted toPERCOPT.'6B,rokaw, P^He pleaded that when Hie last sad office was don* New-MarketN.J. Tbe Ikther, relaUves and friends>«Ufa amrf B*n who took part in the movementfor labortoothersouls BnSTH.OoLss,wifeofJeaaeCole*,aadeldestdaagbter-Got. TaireBT pa^^ed that body, almostthatthe hourwith Godappforroached,strength.jgr Blng sins pacers please copy. WAtxa*.—<tabatitfSbaAU.'Sorictoalartiai*.HM IF Mdn»irre- -^wetiva of popolar will, with many of the ablestHe wished a stone at hiswill benoBlBated, provided the adopted with the addition loo!answered, even though DoDSU* »hOQld be:Privatehair-dyeingroosas.matism, gout, braises. neoTalgla,«f«to*,TWs, you will" Should theStates reject this excellent Constitution,WestThirty-fourtb-streetSun'aserviceshouldbe6CO.0. J0S.8BAL, JAMXa DUNCAN.be re- Decis-perceive, Is a woful coming downofGod. Wesolemnlybelieve,andnotwithout cause, that Jambs Srspasas was guiltless of hiscotsjJJMg* sores, burns, scalda, pile*, Mlrtago, hotttit^-fffTS^.natlon against Ci«r and Taacsr. Thsyealralas*UndtCincinnati platform of the Dred Scottthe Fetieral Convention,wasabout toglorylUstvine's murder.t*tr» CUtt, N:59, Feb. 4, U*0.BATCHEIiOR'S LISBJtXNTz«Bov*4(oNo.ieBond-sttrance tor ladiea.OCO OR DENTAI< SNUFF. The new Parlstan Dontrifloe. Cneoualsd forfrom tfc^hV* temper of the ConvenUon u«-PARK, and an dealers. >lrai& HAZKLTS?«dix.-CC&TTioI]e«* a pSlflwm should beNzw-yoii. Saturday,Feb.Twentieth-street ). 1860.the pollti-Fin*very business, Indig-"and the Union subsisting under it be broken up, theUs Balr theaad TeapMs have iapravemaota over sU. Tiiis I* ta*As STARR'S OHEMICAIXT* OAKLIT, «" "h»v.. Ko. 3 Haaover-st..saythe lat-next ConstitutlDn,after calamities,to beDa».—In" Heaven Is Brooklyn, on Sunday, Feb. t, Robiet Ai.-publicoier the fortunes of the it Is the most country,pleadingswasindicativeof ofJe«*Kipp.formerlyofWestchester N.Y.aalB In£siild*erbr*a*t ton thnth.'t^JvSfM* SwaMUnattoas. Bewarsofo;«ntof«g|andIJgajjjwhollyandmnntInflnimHtlmenoftheStatewhothinkashe comesoexasperatedagainsteachotherthattheywillTallshas«y^%!^?-.'^- and daughter of the Ute John Camochan, of Gadsden Ceaaty. FU.OrFIOIAL DRAWDfOB. BT TRLRSRAPIlOF VEB UCeAIOZBD I.OTTBKIBS> VOOD, KOOT * CO., Maaacsra,of theDBJtWAXB, SKOBSIA, KRNTUOKT aad MISSOUH 8TATB L0TTKRIB8.AUTBOBIZXD BT THX UtOISLATUBR.n* anderslgnsd Oommlaaionan, appointed bj thedees. By atreM of ttls ability and weight, his pro-in spite of all resistance :bat already, owing to the clamor raised In every dls-ofconfess,Pearl-st,,patUuooghgramme wasWhat Is needed Is a spontaneous burst of patriotic feeling from one f nd of the Union to the other ; a re-vival of fraternal regard between North and South a willingness to discriminate, in both sections of the country, between the violent words of a few extrem- ists, and the mass of the right-thing and right-feeling«•«<>*»tilct andtook part in that moveaient are endeavoring to smooth down and palUate by free and concUiatory In-.hre. to five day.A FRIEND IN MBBD «KT IV.towaahip, village^^^^^l^^r^^lliXtSii^teiptetatlon* the obaoxioiugomery platform and its '• Initroetlons." They nowand he We are all pressing onward to the judgment seat ofcl^racterbegin to find tnat the "in sohetance" requirementsthe as a of Constltullon, not, indeed, perfect systemgovernment, but as toe best we shall ever have, unitedby poison."has to his God.promised,aad city, the Ultralsu who;and above all, a conscientious adherence toof the Mont- citizens;This was as he badDR. SWEErSUIDIUff, thegnatmwnmmmmmm^ iM if k* lattnaaa*.ir^lMaaaM* mt aaaplawbo w<« "r«i l«^'4aa|iliBMaa aa^te^>»l ««» A. SavaaM thaa far aarttgOweaoBtrr- Thenightof«>«'«•asiagr *sthing, as there Is at the present Ume„. *"OVKR-STRDNOGRANDPIANO.RUSSIA SBVgBAI. TEARS AGO, In possession of a KtnUeman of this City, In whose houseAothorof "ir*al«B«IaM '<»»,"5;*°or .tnSe!iJr me"r^l°u as anKFMBPUBLUHXD, » PBrtI.,llt**FiNaeiOnits, 'A WlththMr-twalUastoBttoaa, 'lWiUbeoasaleataMbeakatasa*aaddaalata,4k WXDMMSDAT. Ifeasth iMt.FromOeSrietariaeiarJIiHMtee. Pictorial Bible w* haraaasa wtRaSBFar* «^|«w»jrtotW»tegion,aiid0"la bomb tha Mont.Cunoa, ComaKtae of inrilatioa.leqaiaseeaca b at hand. ,__ are aaaalmoasly agalastiJSr: ^""•S"^ '*»«l5*"*'««^ » «»«' rtoijaent Mltor froB Boa. C. Ml Coaaaa, wtoeh—{Cries ofMB. niXMOBB'B LBlrBB. BonAM,FebirSrlMR.S*"'»°*"»'»U">•prolongeddlKiUsslon American Invention amoonta to no-w'iPlatftota.andthiscountytte ^"^lBajori^ Ibr DouoiAS. lI« fact, throaghoat —MADE IN^'Description of tbe FUKGUS DIAMONDS, FKATHIRS and'I Pf-«T tha dlsraptloalsts- Gnrrutaaa,hostility— the Legislature is In the highest degree Conservative, and Union-loving men have been selected withoutapplying strung grand Pianos to aUunderslghed.Ation, even, were Conservative ; but they were takenstudiously avoid every appearance before the pub-3t.,andfierce and domineering manner in which Yaxost's cut-and-drled disunion programme was put through. They are now fortified by the sympattiles of their con- stituencies with Douaui, and tha'lie, and can only add that I truly wiah voagin to see that—with a Repoblicanparty. L M. 8IM&KB fe CO.. No. 488 Broadway, K. Mr. C. C. LATBBor followed In anenergetle address, T.,a* I'JiJ'jJ afMyeonntlees iDastntlssMi "ma"KiBK«f2^£«mjlBa*fcaan^l&>«._, AarndsCaristiaw/aMGaaesr. Tab ainanad w* sveoed It ve v<b6 etraeleMr, open typognsptly, and- the bsU aad wcaa>Bgraviato. 4«T»-pabllcat4*B of Ott dtoapMf^lUt'hTthegress, and the Free States preponderating—populardenotmelng alike the DeBocrats and Republican* as No. MO FaltoB-st., Brooklm,sectlooalita. He proolaimad that the DemocraticParty wonld not dare to aomlnate a Soothera saetion- and Othera.Bovereigntv, as oppoaed toIs essenUal to the rights of the South. The electionI aaotT'i political delegation In esse these latter sbotild withdraw. But there will be no withdrawal- more especially with a fresh batch of young man, eager lor distinction and public life—all prepared toof PxaansToa willUnder tlris slate of sentiment It is not wonderfulalist at bat would be forced to as Il>e Qrovsr A Baker Sswlng Machlns Company have*coniaelnita later stages, the beautlfal poetic jus- step in and take the vacated seats. Alabama, if It wa« now bat tit &<'tice of his reSlectlon, and a contemplation of that Doceus be nominated, will give him 20.000 mnjority. I Interview with the President, cannot fall to recom- This is the sober, second tbousht of the people, aad has been increased by the late aebate ol Dot^ouswtlh.t^a's;j'w^iii?iS*>4^s:s5^ —^ —Bent«t^completelypresent. The entrance of the officers and speakers was heralded by the music of a large brass band, wliich, preceded by the Conunittee of Arrangements, marched all round the hall, then ascended the plat-ALUM PATENTARE WELL KNOWN TO DO.gray eyes, retiringa noae and lower among the people whic^ is eveijwhere the only surefor the;party.afamalsia room*. apoab.y... privateTrosae*;sonrieal* 0D„ No. lTs*S(r-*t., Astor Hoose.New-Tork.Yon can obtain BLOCK TIN of the beat dl^. ^ at the beat piicea, at the stere ofbasis of national barmoDj, and so engrosseo the re- gard of the Government as to make It neglect all. if it has not, in Isct, t&ken awav its power to actappUaneaa scientULcaUy applied, by MAR8Ba month—great for any of th* great Industrlsl Interests of the lb the Editort/eiD-York Time* :large, strong nationt^theIn compliance with the request of the late James Society and to D«ity—A Future State—Temptations-1B»-nifaii«r7 taughttesa;ateteaaa af laanser, and a smile which Is his pass- partis*, as aow constituted, must necessarily perpetuatea strife which has so unhappily disturbed the peace and injured the prosperity of the people, and that the only reasonable hope of delivering the country from the dis-The Maral Natare afhisMbB) relations toall elrele* In which he mixes. EducatedBUSHTORm I.1TXR •Hipert tkiaa^In TtaaiiMiallf strategy, and an excellent speaker ofCOD;and whereas. It Is obvious that politicalWILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.WILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVEWILL BE READY TaDAY AT TWELVEWILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.Nos.4t*BarU^aU».to prepare a statement in brief of tbe last hours of his tlie kaaseapon, eommon-aenae kind, Mr. Spnnraa*s astrous distraction into which It has fallen, is to be life.oftlse party with which he acta—O'CLOCK.O'CLOCK.t*a 0ON8UMPTIOH.to address them bad been prevented from doing so, In person, by causes which tncy tiad no control over— [laughter]—buttheyhaddonetbenextbestthing; they bad sent from vVasbington and elsewhere lettersIrupted the speaker.Mr. Gkatsok—it is a short letter, gentlemen. Voicss-Read it all then. [Laughter.]Mr. GaAiioH-1 will read the whole letter.on auspices, SaturdayMaria Brooklelydne,st Elizabeth,next.trolling nature, in this quarter, will put it out of mypower to attend the meeting.daughter of Daniel L.Jones,1 fully concur in theopinion,that thepresent stateFrom this moment heaven seemedof affairs is of a very ciilical character. Of tlie publicEibbin-st., Brooklyn, betweenLeonard sts.,earsopen"has an .\rlicle in this week'stwo great parties which now divide the country, the Rrpubilcanthe Democratic, by the force of clrcumstancs, is rapidly becoming to. Tbe former party doeslojiglng ga/.eI(Monday afternoon,good elections have assumed tiiat character. permanentlymy Home," many LEX, son of James M. and Frances W. Daly, aged 3"AIt wlU be ready TO-DAY at 13—a disastrous occurrence In Itself, perhaps,caused by foreign vloTenoo, are brought aiioul by theanxiety day-dawnBEABTiaaBAa.-Feb. 3. MsET, wife of Richard Braatinghaa.madness of men and.,in my judgment, to rely up<m the West, as a great medi- ating and controlling power, to prevent separation.Amfca with a *•!West Is by force toa prevent ruptureof the Unioni,Fla,MabtDoeothsa.wife of K. Georgewhen the twohave tie-and on the carryingu* to select a verse ofgrave, and requested Scrlptare,so that his toiDb might preach Christ. Toward theamid the frequent entreaties—he repeated, "This Is nought to me 1 am going home." At the moment before death he answered the question proposed—" I am innocent of the death, or of any knowledge concerning the death of my wifeTO CAIJ»0«IIIA ^ADVANCE OF THE MAllAspecial BV% fhL''ETp'rii?'w.5^e'i^r»M!not cooperate in Government.preparanon, friends tliat ne wouldwill be dispatrtadfor separate framedas President oftt•he (sUowlaa ar* the aassbers draan thl* darU Bond-*t. HAIR-DTEING E8TAB-bygreatsections of toecountryI.STTBRBXFKE88as Iby the wisdom of man.the best ever Wasbisotob,diawlasfirmly believe, We are Informed that, when Oen.;Cbrist Itwillbeintliatdaynowmuchhasand,knownbeen done for the praise of man and how little for theHALSEY W. KNAPP,pkrtles. Itisequally vain,at 3 o'clock at missionary appointed exclusively for the M..No one can think morepresent and the prospectlvs Influence of the Westattend.Bo Appo, and indeed all in prison. His earnest Cous.— Fort Warns, Ina., on Friday, Jan. 38,FOBTBAITSor laaTH&EE CANDIDATES rOBCHIEF ENGINEER wm, arriAs TO-MORROW. TUEBDAT. IN THE MBW-TORK SCN. ONE CENT PER COPY.HAIK DTK, WIG ANDorganizingkls mind was some- what disturtied, but he regained' his composure and cheerfulnesswhentheSheriffledhimforth. Asha made the rapid paasage from the oell to the gallows,messengerhighlythan I do both of thehalrtiatisadthMitmag- nificent heritage ever bestowed by Providence on a nation of civilized men. But I do not see how theunselfishness that marks thaCoonty, Tuesday, Jan. 34, at her resideaee. nearsubscribe the he from his and Constltullon, rose seat,49, 33, 36, II,Class JV*. 60, Feb. 4, UN.Frivausa-after a short paiise, utiered these solemn words:No. 193CHARLES E. SKINNER,61, 61,2, 26, 1, 39,64, 2t,37.alone would givevaTlad by ealla for 'Baeoa."!.leadlag majoritybe-in Con-4twoor the height of Grace Church steeple :"ACCOt'N* btf TBB BALI. AT GEN. BUGGE>^.The house holds 600MISERIES OF THE ETENIM6.Episodes, catastrophes and bill of damages.Mr. Butler's design is to expose the follies of fsshloa- able life in New-York, and exhibit In these hnmotaas ad satirical sketches the lights and shadows of "nCoagrMsionoi tmcrtignty.iBpartaat ta TaUarapromised-or exSubscription pries of THE INDEPENDENT, 93 latlie probability Is, that an opportunity will never quitting againoffer to cancel another In peace—the next wifi be" drawnInblood."Underthis excellentCkiastitution"we and our fathers— by friendly cooperation when weTTIbb mm* Taayaaa. when we have differed— have lived for seven years, This oelabratad esUbiishaient Is removed to No. 116J, 17, 58, 46, 35, 60, 15. 4, 51, 19, SI, 41, 8, 74. WUMMavkMda. |4 WUBtagton, DaL, Feb. 4, imb.adopted declaring that the continued during the full pe- riod of tw««*y-fbur hours, Kith no steUar or lunarMany Alahamlaa* are here about thUfresh from the people, and running over witheleanstagandpreservative<in*li«"!;.^fe'F55OvXr.Nw*? 8ILVEM BAiniED. For sale br CONRAD81 Barelar-at. and all druggists STICa. TO Ilfhave agieed and bv mutual ,Basekalor^toleradon aad forbearance nalr.I^e>and nown and prospered beyond all example. IfBood-st. Twelve private roosss tn tbs applioatkn ofOhenlan,aned tree at aham. br eeadlac tothis Constitution shall now or ever be—^rejected," and woe* fK* WOOD,RDDT CO.,•L, ar Aaiaata, Mila every tostanog..^^.Ho. fit West IStn-st..aad f«*( of anth-st. Nor** ^"^^Thein this week's LEDGER. Mrs. SIGOURNEY has a TltATED NEWb, End see that Frank LesUe's SuSsg|)e IXm-iiovK gtims^ Manbasi^ Xebntarp 6, iseasbengihen and enforce this ideahoar following that delicious rencontre. We ahal that steps have been taken towards eiecttng a popular vative, Unlosi- loving man, and yet a man that the largesis*,hlghspeed,withUtestlmprovementa. PricaandThe meeting was called to order by Mr. Chaxlxs C. geod humor became uproariously hilarious, and dem-LATBaor, who nominated for the office of President onstratively obnoxious to the gentleman on the floor, who was obliged to give way to Mr. Bboom.to leeare his electloa.G«a.FiaacuB.SranoaofNew-York,Repnbllcan, Mr.JobsS.LmiLL,whodeliveredalengthyad- Mr.BaooMwantedtoknowwhatbroughtthem Wspreferthemforfaoiilyusa.-ZW6«ms.dress. Mr. Cbaius D.'FatuiAB presented the sub- there? [A voice—The He to nigger.] proceededOMoe No. W» Broadway. New-York. W»aldla«'a Prepared 6tae>INasual. at noon to-day.VIRS«PR««r SAVBS.Harper's Ferry outrage,December, 18sg, up ty of good and 107BI citizens, in all parts of tills land, advocate a protective tariff—being most enthusiasti-Whereaty a large nomtMr, if not Indeed a large majori-gfeg date of writing. Mr. Sraran, be It observed, fcte. with increasing concern, that a crisis exists in the cally cheered.Clam ni wasT aocaa. Maaafaetared byFob sau ruiwaaaa. H. 0. aPALDIMG & 00.dfcPATENT BALAMAMDES Una.r.SarahCoatlaaaala AwlyHIaRadleal- aa style of an amiable and cultivated bull-dog. He the endless protisction or an intensely sectional contio- plause] The meeting then adjourned, with cheers (or* Tras* with sncesB, in effecting permanent eures«»»»«— some of tbe most re*p*clahto flim* tatbaoc,most hopeful patriotand whereas, it is believed thatInrlU tocall purchasers;versy Is the sole cause which has arrayed one-half of the States of the Confederation in blcter animosity agaioBt the otLer, impaired that fraternal confidencetoplatformtka ion the floor are valuable to fonnd in the organlzatlott of a truly National Party, Wednesday was set apari to endeavor to get him to which, stndlousl J rvoidiog all sectional qneatlons, aadaad ha has a pluck taking for its platform the Constitution, simply and confess who brought, and for what object the pistolWanted—Two good oil and water colorists, who un- abovtldBi—a manliness—a distlnctire buU-aog hght- purely, as exvcnnoea by tbe Supreme Court, shall discovered upon him. In this, on that day, we were deritana retouching Photographs in India Ink and col-!'.;4Bg elanwat, wUch secures the respect of his adver- saries, and glvea aamrance to such timid firlends as Cmmr. His head is cnrlonsly marked by the absence of hair—that region on which the wool used to grow,propose no other ends than the preservation of our Fed- eral Union, by a carefnl regard for the welfare of the people ol all the States, and by administering the Gov- ernment in accordance with fbe conciliatory spiritand intention ol its founders; therefore.Resolved, That we who have here assembled, in sym-thwarted. On Thursday, by agreement with him, our entire attention was directed to ids spiritual and eter-oring Ivorytype*. None but the best artists wanted, and CO such a permanent situation sooth can bo olEered.Jan. 31, by Rev. J. B. Smith. Mr. E. P. Clark, of New- The blessed Joeh SHiuujr now rises—it being but expressing their warmest sympathy and encourage- righteousness which Is of Christ For the first time York, toHissJoLU J., daughter of Woodhull Smith,three minutes after 2—anddo now adjourn, and adjourn until Monday next.for the House is fof coal gas, and the routine of resolutions Is dls- jnal and confusing beyond description. It Is a turtmlent scene below us, and FaanTiiOTOX has notproposesfrom Hon. Johb J. CainxsnsB, a portion of which he Houlo read.a marked change In the man. No disposition to dwell on tbe trial, tne peculiar and mysterious circum- stances of which he had before,FAN'NY FERN has a Sketch in this week's LEDGER.SYLVANCS COBB, Jr., has a Stcry in this week'sLEDGER—he has. PH(KBE CARY has a Poem in this I look into the chasms cf Alpine glaciers, and on the rashyet got his grip on the throat of the House. Alas, [Cheers.] The whole letter was then read. It singing and earnestly Inquiring upon spiritual things, tion. omehorribleborehasjustInilstedontheayesandwasaprivateletter,andmainlyastatementuntilabout4P.M.;atthistimewelefthimwith O'COSBCB—InthisCity,onSaturdaymorning,Feb.4,As'SExvO'Cohkob.Inthee8thyearofhisage.Bib friends, and the friends of nia brotaer, Peter O'Connor, and of his brothers-in-law, James Dempsey and Nicholas Walsh, are respectfully invited to attend his funeral, this day, (Monday,) Feb. 6, at l)i o'clock,ofwastefulcataracts.Ipass,inamoewnt,tnmthe bleaanvkesofotuhtewaChradrlfersairteoItnhetbfeoradrmofchtahierJaotrldarn,tabalnkd.noes, whichthe members,already top-coated, andwith tbdr hata in hand, are trying to hurry throughin the best fashion they caa. It Is noteworthy, how- concluded thus "mywhile in spirit 1by Mr. CarrTASSxa of his inability to Rev.Mr.Camp.1 1 !« P. M., we returned and found him sitting in health and the Inclemency of the weather. It tbe corridor by the stove, and upon our entrance ex-attecd on account of Lis conollion of Atweek's LEDGER.PAUL MORPHY has aonam looking down apoa Jem**Hm Imm Mount of Olives."A sPLXKnis ooLLi«nox or VIEWSOFALLCOUNTRIES AT EXTEXXXLT LOW rEIOBai^:Yourgoodcausewill make pressedthemostunfeignedjoy. Hesaidhehadbeen you;On the contrary, the hostile feelings already so de- ment on his " Island Home," and offered a soul-years and 6 months.Ot.ASua.- Inof WlUIamsbargh, Sunday,Feb. 6. Mabv. Boston Post temarks,structive periodical."moat entertainingand in-IniMbwhatabootFiujioaar' Theleltorwasatlengthlaad.versalilyto theIn mv power to do so. You say the basis of your The subscriber will continue to furnish the over-(Cheers.]BewfacBlaeUaae.Inirodaoed aand delegation lo to take the of Gov. North Boold recelre a* a tcft man. CCheers.] •M. Farialea NO. 4M BROADWAY,;1,600 sreInvited.[Brawa," ware ranaarai IrapaUont.seats were rapidly refiHad.Tlueiieeof""j^J^mostdestnble ihasttated Blkkrvrwna>AT,-mendttedioic*oftheRepublicanstoeveryphllan- Cut,GaxxaandDavis,andhisgreatspeechinre- Inlrodoead,aaldrene.wteds^i-'^^^rAi_„e,, ggb\fs?*^^^^^^^ oralofourdallylife. Hesays:live, and he would repeat It ;having thus spoken helerea^OTertBe teaiple. huge mcaatalii-cryitalGod was marked theby presenceNubUn I scale the chatand brief conuaanleatlea* fromqnantjlv) He maliclooaly redoaad Ibis to feet and ascertained that the total length of tteof anExasres Baooxs and Eu K. Paioa, (ympatUMag withkailly sewing Bsaohlns, A nwlunlly sawing maahiae.!!!..!..!!!!!! n and twenty- fire In ArabelU's. Haatobtography,ttratde Bind. ference to the suppression of domestic Invasions. alluding to the star spangled banner, the Americ_ Moek of both consenu was totallj> dastroret. Oar " The trnest Comedy and Tragedy for as are enaeted The discipline of tlie Republicans Is beyond all Such is a budget of Alabamlan poUtlcal news, flag, the flag of our Union, and our glorious Constl(B- , papers, and some hundreds of dblBrs In luit. were ta oae of yoar champion Bafi», and aftet •» batween oar basements aad attics. Do yon donbtitf ^vralse. Dait Rici has no trained mules under such and the other Southern Slates will be takeu up and tlon, he asked what had brought them togetk«? ,i——they all understand the manner oforder, leadingsingle M-ringing tbroeghcham-examinedInlike and tlie CaroUnas.olT withTheniager—theetemalnlgger. [Laughter, Mississippi apolauB,••poeedtothefieryordealfor311 boon.It baada- WaitontilthefestiveechoesfMebymaiifcrflltSS^tg;* CAMELL, PETtE^ViTl*»*<»8s SmaarrGMTTHE BEST."A&IT7S^ PiowBUL SDirmr."uSh!! -voteBarethannecessary—211votesbeingcast,andIiCftenafHan.EdwardErerett,Hon.question.[Applause,laughter,hisses,catcalls,aadMfsshowthatHERRING'SPATENTCHAMpffif(aamonsUkesyouinthemiddleofto-morrowfiromAs' VXBSVKR'SCHABKIOeBiyDI<teUan now declare Jobs W. Fobbtt elected by onewas proposed to tie carried, They should unite them- selve Into a party to repudiate and damn the niggarWTNKOOP, HALLENBECE h THOMAB.^oiloriiB^peculator,TohB.Fu>asiics,Isunderstoodto BKve Bade an attempt at tears In the far comer ofbut when Botca of South Carolina gwlled the wlilte handkerchief away from his face, It ^sas fauBA that the emotions which shook the InternalsPhiladelphia,byaverylargepublicmeeting. Incon- sequence of the absence of ail the notable speakersthat Mr, Bacon had refused an invitation to take Iha when the portly form of the immortal Sl:atofwoKrmh,imself appeared at the rear of the stage. TIBITNION OIBETING IN PHLLADEI.PHIA. tories where Slavery now existed, or where ItikK ot"^"*millard Fillmore and Han. John J. Crit-teadea.whistling.] I'he platform of the new party was " n* ^Hjfmtm tailed to preserve Its contents in aa aocMta-whin of Wall-st. or the business you are dririag <•"A Constitutional Union Movement" was inaug-The calls for Beook wereMr. Geatsoh was in the act of apologizing for the ak-sayingaattd'aade and itanale teces now in sight. That ante- urated last Saturday evening in National Hall, in sence of the distinguished speaker expected, statiMto the handTtl*a«r synonn*. by P»*f. ^onanmiBUBOLAS PROOF aAKEASirds the most perfect8£0CRiTy AOAINSTFISB ANO BURGLARSof any Safe in the world, as It is tbe OKLY ONE that has been hundreds of tiaaes tested by ftre and burglars without failing la a single instance to preserve its con- tents. It Is alsoBNTIKELY FRRE FROM DAMPNESS,and does not. therefore, injure books, papers and jewel- ry. If deposited in it, as all other safes than theae WcU when Hisxat dropped the pistol. The rapidly, and eventually the floor wasKfbllcans appear to vote pretty solidly for jammed. At least twenty-five hundred persons were guished (Baooii) gentlemen who have been invited to their original cost TALENTINE BUTLfcK.gheoftke nan woe «at«f grM,saaokittg-room ;was thepresence signal theUnion, the Constitution, and the enforcement of ^m laws. [Applause.]HERRINa k CO., Patentees andPelMaacMt laavraaee.Tha ALUM FATKaTRXXandge, by aas he close* klsof bismost UDioarous demonstrations of applause, which were almost deafening, as the ponderous subject of the compliment advanced to the rostrum and doffed bis coat But, as Mr. Baooa was behind the speaker and the chalimaa, they aould not see him, and were much embarrassed at the confuslan.I was about tosay, gentlemen,reason for the absence of (Baooii, Baoou) the distin-Second-hand Satks of other makers for sale at half fctothe perpetnl'y of (Baooa) thisgreat (Bboom) andof thehe abjured all merit In tiimself, and plead alone thatthat the House ment. [Cheers.] Among those received was one since the pistol development on Monday, we realized Esq.. of the former place.oBof " Read allDIED.Batzs.—InthisCity,onSaturdayafternoon,Feb.4, SrxFuxir Batxs. in the 67th year of^hls age.that peculiar argumentative disposition which bad His friends are respectfully Invited to attend hlstane- painfully (to us) prevailed with hira. ral. on ilonday, Feb. 6, at I o'clock P. M.. from his late He thus continued in almost uninterrupted prayer, residence, ^0. 63 Carmice-st. , without farther invita-aver, that all the anxiety on the Kepabllcan side to triumphant [Cheers.] Gtxi speed you, and your reading and reflecting upon the moment when the from his late residence. No. 266 Bowery."paythepoormailcoattactors"seem*tohavegone. countryspeedyou. Ifyoucansucceedwithoutas- sufferingJesus,inGethsemane,withsoulsarrowlng Blacvilt.—InthisCity,onSunday,FebS,MabvO., Chessinthisweek'sLEDGSR.ALICECARYhasaFive week* ago the bowel* of irrepressible conflict sistance from abroad, it will be all the better. It unto death, looking upon the sleepy chosen oces,and will have more effect abroad. Have the honor of do- asked: "What, could ye not watch with me one yeaiaad over the holder* of Post-office scrip, and they ing ail the work yourselves. Theie is a migbty hour ?" He expressed the lonely anguish of his soulwife of Oomelins J. filauvelt, and oaughter of Henry Black, in the 33d year of her aite.Tbe relatives aad friends ot the family are invited toStereoscope* (torn li esnt* to BtS. Catalogues senttoanyaddreasooiaeantoCaD. APPLBIoSfcWK, No*,auaada^Bnadway.BDOBBS.DCPUTdfcCKBHANCas Ne.su BROADWAY,are new prepared to offer to the tradsa I*i|» and waBsalsctedasaortnen^of seiscteaaseopmgjg FANCT GOODS,were claBoroos to have Biaaia elected, pureiy in In a cause. Screw yourselves to the In bitter weepings, but soon changed to a subject of attend her funeral, from her late residence. No. 210 Poem in this week's LEDGER. GEO. D. PRENTICE power good up West ISth-it, on Tuesday aflemeen, Feb. 7, at 3)tMr.GsAisoBreadthe letler(whichwas moreuntil9^A.M. followingorder to satisfy tiie claimants who were (a rhetorical sticking point, and you will not fall." [Cheers.] joy, now that he knew we were to he separated no o'clock. Her remains will be taken to Lagrange. Dutch-" contractorsstretch)thundering at the galea." To-day the malless County, for IntermentMoKEis,—In this City, on Sunday Feb. S, BoBIST S.may go whistle, havebeenarranged.until afterhas •' Wit and Wisdom" in this week's LEDGER. WIL- under those awtul circumstances, that will never be No. 166 West St., Tuesday. Feb; 7. at o'clock, LIAM ROSS WALLACE has a National Song in thisother things Reporters' Gallery,BosTox, Wednesday, Feb. 1, 196t.UosaiB. of the firm of Cromwell A Morris. Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespeotfiillywaimly cheered) from Hon. Eoward Evxxirr : UniK FROM MB. tTEBITT.After reading portions of the word of God selected from 71st and 37th Psalms, be desired to return to the e«llandpouroutoursoulsinprayers. Itwasasea-There is a hope expressed in theto which glad circulation IsOwaxa, our own, or special doorkeeoer, may tion of the Constitutional Union Association," and forgotten byfearful place, andinvited 10 attend his fanerai, from his late nth on 3GiSTiXHXit—I received favor of the 3uth of youraon at that midnight hour.In thatresidence.those whoOther eyes than those used to weeping can bear tes-their watch that tlBKiny tu the earnest, simple, pleading supplicationsneyedattempt to give him consolation.passedtbe felon was quiet as the house of death, and evenThe friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from her late residence, No. 64 Mc-BBUSHkS.ACCORDEONS, he. to --" the attention of bajers is respeetfallr soUdtsd.the wretched Inebriate no token gavePURSES.of his madness. open to him. upward as we paced with Is of necessity purely sectional, and bim the corridor. His expressions of anxiety to be atHiswas everagain renewed,andwkUa•^ givlnv ronnncfttioa of aams**f 'g-^to extol Mr. and FniJioai,HAKTI ••the opinions expressed to-night [Ap-andfor sale at the dkpM,of dasaorlptioB for parsaaaent nte&Hsa ef niptnje, hathing trasses, supportars, shoolder-braoes, saspensory banda- ges, silk elastte steeklngs, knee eaps, ankleta. and allSisFHxss, we have felt it our to others thus How to acquire Respect—Prudence and Circumspec- duty early tion—The true interpretation of Faith, llope, andCharity. A lecture of tbe highest interest and Impor- tance, to be given by frot. FOWLER in Hasical Hall, Brooklyn, at 8 o'clock TO-NIQHr.nal welfare!—embracing, of course, every effort to leadApply toSCOVILL MANUFACNoT.UiRING CO., Beekman-stFOR THE ROASTED aLIVC MISERABLE HOMES '^BICBhim to confess the murder of his wife, if guilty. HisFOR THE MISERABLE HOMBS WHm FOR THE HISXRABLC M01U8 WRTOM> HE POOR OF NEW-TOTKTHE POOR OP NEW-YORK OCCUPY WHEN LIVISO,AND BHOW THEY ARK BDBfinrTb DRATRsmooth and poUshed as the marble table-tops In pathy with tbe sentiments and purp<'-se8 of the call con- mind was entirely different from anything we had Dellaace Salamander Safe*.-ROBERT M. WILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK. being this meeting, do hereby organize ourselves as a PATRICK. sole manaCacturer of the above celebrUedan lee cream saloon, while the remainder of the brow venng seen in him for months past An awful and realizingand defianc« locks and cross- patent powder-pro'fpolUlcal party, which sba<l be styled and known as the safes,'* Constitutional Union Association of Fhil^eiphia," sense of his condition was evidently experienced. bars. Also fire and burglar proof tideb jard aad parlor]s ftill of busy wrinkles and corrugations—to someextent resembling, though not by any means able to and recommend that the people of tbe several counties, He proposed early in the Interview a season of prayer,sales, for silver plale, &c. Dfepot No. 63 Morray-st, WILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK. corner of College- place.THEY ARE BURNU) TO ^TH AND HOW THEY ARE RDRNBO TO OlaTHoaBpeiawlta,the scoriae and Ume-hairowed visage ofXuLui F. PcxsT, the traditional war horse of St.Tamaiaay.The vote to give Aixan extra compensation is de-townships snd viMage« of the State, take measures at once to establish organisations 10 act In concert with this Association.— would do no good to repeat names, as they wno gavefeated, whereupon the comical Colonel Fi/oaiscarises and moves a reconsideration of the vote. Hemakes the point that a similar grant was given toFoamy at the opening of the Thirty-fourth Congress,and therefore argues that this allowance is more inthe natnie of a debt than of a gift. Certainly Allu'sservices daring the past two months have been worthmore than ten dollars a day, which is atwut the actual Star Spanglea Banner." [Loud cheers.] Mr. DaAr- ptr Htm dlsborsement of an economical bachelor In TOH advanced and sang wiin much histrionic emphasis this city. It Is said, however, that, like Salrey Gamp, tills stirring ballad.which in bis soul he desired to discharge his duty.Rising from bis luiees he desired a hymn to be sung,and then of hlsown will, and at no suggestion of ours,desired to say a few words about the pistol. He saidIt was brought for him to commit suicide ; that itIN THEIR LIVINe TOM^BS^, StETHBNEVr-TORK H^I^rSTRATED lOWSw NEW-YORK ILLUSTRATED NEWS,Retolved, That the Chairman of this meeting be au- thorised to appoint at bis earliest convenience, one cit- izen from each Ward, who shall net as a General Com- mittee to organize Ward Associations, and that the Chairman of this meeting be Chairman of said General Committee.most God to earnestly besoughtgivehimthat strengthWILL BE READY TO-DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK. HON. EDWARD EVERETT has an Article in this week's LEDGER. Gen. GEO. P. MORRIS has a Poempaper you buy. Doni b^^biamlThe resolutions were adopted.N»W-YORK 1LLU8TBATE0 NBW&—Tax PaxsinsBT Gentlemen, 1 have the pleasureNEW-YORK ILLU8TRAT«D NEWS." —to announce that Mr. DaATTOB has kindlyit were and knew not what was for hisNEW-YORK ILLUSTRATED NBw£misguided["Fillmore, FUlmore ;" Order, order"] I have the on n good. He most solemnly appealed to God, andNEW-YORK ILLUSTRATED NEwl;plesEure " consented to give us one of our national sonrs,denied any Intent to use it on the Keeper or Warden, The Eqnitahl* lilfe Aaanrance Saciety< or other than the object stated. That he even at one purely ICutnal. Office No. 93 Broadway.time knelt and determined to use it upon himself,when he felt, as it were, the hand of God, whichTM.*C.S' 'o "k 'or the NEW-YORK ILLBB- ^.'i.''^and asked us especially to ask for grace, that he"The BlggaTraaa,"beside*beingwater-proof, durable, and always clean, possesses the rtiS greater advantages of savmg the cord from Injury and of contracting instead of enlarging the openings. No. MS Broomest. ^^^^^^^Tbe Enreka Celebrated 8«wlna IHaehinvs, price tSO, complete. Parties not having full amount, can be accommodated. Office. No. 489 Braadway. Agents wanted. Address D. J. LEVY, Superintendent.AND BOW THEY ARKAMD HOW THEY ARE RVRNBD TO DlATH AND HOW THEY ARE BCRNRD TO OKATBmight unburden Ids heart;at the close of which, heBURNKDTODtATRBut hi*grace promlaed eoflklent" for hun. BeJudge RoosavxLT, and begged that Ve would say his dying prayer should bear testimony before God of hi* freedom from malice, and ha bore this testimony.almoetlmpa-tlenee. HebeggeduswithtearsInhiseyestohaveONE CENTAKMIOA LnranMTa Tomb*.the residence of her Peter1* Bispared by esaiMnliw'for him, we would visit SHXPAxn, Saboexs and Qtna-of the fasslly an Invited to At resneetfollymoment ofgonethe State *t DeUwanto saperiateodthe the OaUwar* Stats Lottery, do eertlCr thattiegged us to be satisfiedrespeetfallr Invited to attend her foneral, on Monday, Feb. 6, fromher late residence. No. 109 Mh-st."new-bom." As in lowly humility he pleadedNo. 173 East»Mt extant BATOBKLOB'SDye, Wigsaealalnlnc leheas** lorth* asoath, will b*PREPARED SUIR «**(OLD CO.'S LEHIGH vT'^U'^l^Wt,«t Wa.whare tbcs* are pTopativ aadantar^^KiM^HolySpirit;sadtitleadDocumen;Maaar*B Ne.Ssswinc machlneastates that when the bills came in from Arnold It (]•• tlO* sUble's, he discovered thu there were fifty yard* tmfipsBJahaB.PatiaB.-^ K--iiL!;"°?***TM» "* Plaaorftwta*WMmw Miwjmjuj—pa ''HEMOWPROFOOLT, B 10rO THX 0BSAPB8T UXOBTKAXID BOH—"'''""'"«»'<''"« over-strings in grandsecond clIrR.^^ ^if^ni!-rrtheirInstramenta."hterm tha public and the nannlMtu-Centrtbnte* a FA8HIOMABI.B I.IFS nientitled FUNGCBATTHEFIRSTBALLOFTHEand engnlphed In such an abya* of gauie and othervapory and etherlal textures that she looked more likea great puff of steaa, blown oat of a bailer pipe ca acoldforty pounds solid. Fongns, who loves statisttaa"* •OVKR TWO YEARS.BROCADB^.» «2£Sr&!'.n'3^xais.""^<lt<te REWARD will be paid to any person Ital"'Wkeetor dfc WUaaa'a Sawlag HaeUaea. They are the Cavodtea for AuniUea.—Unus.P.0.addna*.BexNo.8.<00.Ma.48Oedar-stBeveateea andahalf Ina«*. yearsMARRIED HoPSOS—CoxsR.—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, Feb. 2.ISwith that OLD F06y PAPgRTtKit get theTNBW c!y! PAPER, the new-yorkTllcstratbd NJg\re.by Kev. J. F. Remington, Mr. Olivxb H. Hopsoh CoBrooklyn.iLSLxr—GIBBS.-At Harlem, on Wednesday, Feb. 1,ON THE STEREOSCOPE.Oh inflnlte roltunes of poeaia that 1 tieasare In thi*Maaafaotn'-thebedsideofyaat eyes la their last sleep. Walt a^ yon are grasping with the firmest hold sUpa without a moment's warning from your owas and ttareceding form of the best beloved vanishes in the sriM ij-wiar S?51i£^7t2i°£^.? {gr and darkness,"everyNO. 4* nnjMJMAT-aT.thebers which you open wide to wedding gnests shall fee fallowed by the Bidaiglit cry of pain, tae prelad* ef faaeral sobs and lamentations. Wait until a suddsa,^advanceFor sale by all news agents.;AddresaFine60 carriers. byqniektransition toTO-MORROW,GIBSON has a Story in this week's LEDGER. CAR-CiAEK—SHriH.-AtHuntington.L.1.,onTuesday, LOSD.STUARThasaSonginthisweek'sLEDGER. callsitselfthePyramidefCheops Ip«ccthelengthaftbe three Titanic stmes of the wall of BaaIbeo-«lght- iest masses of aoarrled rock that man has lifted Into tha air ; and then I dive Into some mass of foUaae with mw miscrsacope, and trace the vetaiaas o*a laaf aod»- cately wroaght in the palnt'ag not made wUh haad*. that t can aCnost see its down and the giaaaa^Us that sucksItsjoices. Ilookintotheayesofthecagaltifar, and on tbe scaly train of tbs croeodli*. stretched on tbe sands of tbe river that has mirrored a hondred dynaa- ties. I stroll throngh Rhenish vineyards. I sit under Roman arches. I walk tbe streets of once boried eitie*.by Rev. J. S. Loid, Mr. Wiluau Ilsist to Mrs. Sabab P. GiBBB, daughter of Rev. B. H. Pitman, of Albany, N.Y.small library of glass and pssteboaidwithontfartherinvitation. Hisremainswillbetaken night. to Greenwood for interment.thisSmith.—In Brooklyn, on Saturday morning. Feb. 4.N. EvxBiT. only son of Kev. N. E. and Kieanor V. D, Smith, aged 7 je.irs. 1 month and 22 days.Kuneral this (Monday) afternoon, at 3 o'clock, fr-omthe Reformed Dutch Church- near Court. Harriaon-st.,The friends of the family are invited to attend,BxTTB.—In Brooklyn, E. D., on Saturday morning.oilnd wa* far beyond otus. for he wa* already enjoy- Feb, 4, after a brief illness, Maxt Feascxs, wife offrame ofTlie relatlTt* aad friends of the are familyEwen and Feb. 6. at 3 o'clock.LEPGEE. TheAt New-Market N. J., on Friday, o'clock. Price—let us see, what is it? ONLYtoarceaU. The foaeral seryic** will take place on Monday, Feb.•oremor ofDBLAWARB LOTTERIES.eOKDOM,BATCHRI.OR'8TOUFER FACTORY reaoved to No.bone-setter, whaae taaieia avrlvaladPapertheNOT ON tbeALettSoffic.P. M.,per8leamerRoJr«e, wlthle»ers,w"INFALLOLIthata« aar Uv- Ing man. It is a certain aad taBBediatoeai* hrraea-t^tupgMKBOUBT, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comi 