 la New York OMexcttemewt fellows another at,war* wavf. end yesterday the Great Easterners took *r oepartare from war city to man* way for the GreatJ3sa 29.—TV Vet&t vs. rin. l»om^m—Thawaa reauatad by the examioatlon of witae*ses for I V de- fence,tr»tu Mi« Lottie, shoeing evidently an unusually warmattschment on the part of the tody. In ooeofthet*epistles she seu-te her fond love ai«d a bos ©r s*g*n a s asouvenir, aad in another regrets esieedmgi: the tescrag^toallMr- nateexcursion—that the Japanese should i special trente, and that there thtaht be *o at- at teVw or parade. Captain Dupont, after con-rous kiadnees on allcherished moments passed in your deaf arms w:tl serveagain thy beloved head pillowed upon my bosom, to te-to tiiro.igh the influence and eObrli of these gentieeatairtritemeut. Theyleft>agood time,beforepub theverybeststam,->. Thefollowingisalistoftheof tiQUor myself, but 1 have a distinct recoliectwn of a.i that occutrrd; 1was sttag In the store with my back toward Neal folkius wtth IVmr.nglon, whea heal got ap f r o m b i « s e a t , p r o c - i r t d a h i r g e k n i f e , a n d w ' t b o u t h a m glead to the teparattoo of the lovers for an md-nuite pe- riod. The letters referred to read as follows:---(>T torn* i<te aad influenee were engaged in the caatim- lMndt-ans*-'i<*s,andat«e-rp»eaar'- »:-t nnary oraaatewt i o n . b u * . w e r e p r ^ m p t l j a r r t . - t c d b v t h e a u t h o r i t t e T a n * cs ried to St IV> iiur/» Cit- Some ef the irr 1 —11 • ofiViais were invaiTee te th«'a4te«aptod .asurrecva*. and s •aivge.i-ral- and ot:.' r o»»rs w*re acatasg the nrtdsw ers. The Haitlras hav? that far St: city observed ths st.,'ulit;,.i,8 of the treaty, are •*".. di> •used toward th* I«cm ntcxar, and appear aaxtota te earrv oat the treat; aOrTICKJtS t>* 'JJS MABAMA.a , , f t r , w e t t y b e g a n b » * * * r r ° * * u O r t e n t a l g n o s i s , a a d r . i v ' t f i V — W a s . I I . I t e t v e n a . - _ _ _ - _ ,*re ma/ rwagratntoto oureeteta that Mthtoghsa b*ppeaed i. O F. deMraflr., David Forter McCork.e, Edward E.Us curwaHf m regard to these was perfectly sated, andthtrtag tbar atoy b a n to cans* unpleasant reminiscences tMttoete fit* to obtrude tbe minds of Dither th* Aatertcana ortbeWHATTOTDIDONTHriteD*.r..0* Thursday th* Japaaeae ware *e*f bnty *» P»*ktttgJV, *~—>.O -fi l„ May.fiw<y-i—Robert Wood -ortVPaymaH'f—Thos. R. Ware. Jas^fttoe—FvstMeat,,&ra«lGreen;BeeoodL!«ut.,©«•.•qtler.l'aa.-d Aniitmt furgeo%—Dan;l & Conrad, Ao&stantta with boxing gloves to have a tight; the praon;r he thin le't the pUce and I saw noth.ng more of him. ordered them out and told them that be did not Fxna'.ngtoe and Frenchy were witnesses, but they did' » « *»*a»t• i Sbv Mi at tf $hSM rt hi atmFt tt m; te te wK Crt to of tr it «el u te hFi llteiri w te ct 01 exS sto dCJ tid ar ab aF n 1 gaIn t> I ti IJ* t t 4lb F va 1 0 e 1 tv 1 1t t 1 t c 1 I 1 «ittonsforleavingthe do,JamesMcMasW.| tbe Hot A. H. Rice, M. C , from Chaplain—Rev. Chat, & Stewart.theprisoner,wasagainknockoddown;thenextthing who,afterduedeliberation,renderedarerdxtof"ttoundi of aaataa, to invite the Ambassador* to ~*i* »• that city aad inspect the manufactories atDavid B Maeomb, Henry A. Ramsey; Seoood .Assistants, C. B. KM, y. A. C. du Ptaine Third Assistant, Imi R. Green, Kobt. Fotto, Gen. W. Tennaat, R. BL Gnhxe? , A.B. Fisher.Ornf.n'n'i HerN-Mr. BcchaaiaPtntr't Clerk—Mr. lXidley.BoaUumn -Arm stead M. FomertjyVarpnOtr—Henry P. let he.Sai'iHaker—Ste;>hen Seaxaa.f.'unr.<r_Hich. I, HillParteng'Tt—1* .rser John D. Gibson. to join fly ship Fast Prisoner having bef n ssawi:?ed in bU own bouse he had shocking manner. The body of the unfortunate youthintensity of feeling yon had aroused in a y bosom, eonjd you realize alt the bright beautiful vision* I wore te which you, darling, were my sit, 70a wouldwith me what it waslomiuka has treaties. As the United States baa no with Dominica thk tax ant of tom» oatiectef vests a trading her* from th* parts ot the United The go\ erntnent h a s recently token offthe Ambassadors, replied that their Excel eleo w*r* aaxtows to reach Japan,and would ho oblige U decline t h * kind torttatton. Soon after Arch htohop Hughes atosted the Ambassadors. Daring the after-eurpr&ed te bear thtrt prlwaerhadcomaieacedthelltioor hteMnesa.ydjag man about If years old, res'.dfng u» Brooklj-n, was crusacd to desth on Tuesday afternoon, while fishiag off a barge at the foot, of Hubert street. De- ceased, it appeared, was sitting on the barge with his legs banging over the side, when the vessel camein after years to blot out what unhappinets * heaven mayplace uj»* me. Once more oa'.y would 1 ask a repetitionof thy generous favors, and then, sw*et one, the book offate on which mv happim-ss te traced shall oe closed for-ever, leaving me" true and faithful to thee, raj own adoredone. Only once more would I ask the God of Merc; for States to the so :h side of the island aad to tea pleasure like that twice passed with you. Y es, to feel region round about the Bay of Stmsnt It wastbe PrteoaB held n reception, daring which India sqradroa; Lieatenant Fm. T. Gteescll, d^. dr.a right to repel his assailants. Mr. & would not address was conveyed to the Fifth preeiact station house, where th» jury, but would submit the case under the chtrge ofiy ladies ware introduced by Captain Lee andDaring the day a very Urge number of presents,Of all aorta and dancr'l'i'ooa, were received by the Japan-TAXXNO LIAVZ.After s britf ttsy the visiters tool; leave of the Japan- ese and rrtrrned to the Huntress, which was to coivey them to the city, the Harriet lane drop^ng anchor ia thethe Court.The District Attorney consented to subnet the case un-der the chnrge of the Coir,;, but would insist tt was aca..e o: murder in the second degree.Coroner O'Keefe held aa Inquest.EKBAMoavr CASVALTY.—Coroner O'Keefe held an in-that the government war induced to remit the tcaaagt t W % duty aforesaid. As I ha, e often slated te rr.y fbrme<> tet-ters, the impres-ion is every day gain-,rg ground hereteem, from the Ambassadors.THK CROWDat the hotel during the day and evening was very great, and, with Nixon's Garden s a d Christy's Saloon, w a s overthronged with people anxious) to take a last look at th* Orientals. The regret at parting seemed mutual, for many of the Japanese could not restrain their tears, and Tosnay, especially, seemed OTercome with grief.voyage, and the Japanese a safe return to their friends at home and many not distasteful recollections of their visitrompare with that of the popular and official ree^ntlons, Mil! the line of people extended from the Metropolitan so the ttvtteiy.tne sidewalks were crowded, and every Window, balcony and available standing place had It* occupant, and all along the route the immor- tal Tommy waa cheered aad applauded. At first the Japanese pet seemed sad and downcast, but he recovered bis usual spirits during this renewal of his reception trl Mtnphs, and. wrapping himself in an American flag, be waved his hat, bowed and smiled, and seemed hiinseh again. There was no great display in the procession, but thedelicacywhichpromptedthecommitteetoobtaina aailitary escort and to manage the departure with that ceremony which Orientate so much love, was fully appre- ciated by the Ambassadors, and te equally grateful to the public.VU.W OP NKW YOBJt AND THK GREAT EASTER*.owing no doubt to the fuct that military parades were the great feature <»f the receptions in both these cities. Con- sequently, and very naturally too, the military would be the first aud principal subject about which our people would incniirt. The question has been asked them time and again, if 'they ever saw anv soldiers before they came to this country; If they had soldiers on horseback in Japan, if they ever saw any big guns in Japan; or if they ever saw guns with swords on them;" and thousands of such foolish questions are constantly being asked of pcopfcwhosecountryrankedasafirstclassmilitarypow- er centuries before this continent was discovered. It is not long since we heard three naval officers—Lieutenant Cooper, Dr. Lynah and Purser Doran—who were in the Ferry expedition, and at the first landing at Gorchama, July 14, 1868, talking about the mili- tary force of Japan. It was at the time of thishave fought oa her gory uecks. all render her an object of deep interest to every foreigner and of pride to every American. Among the cadets who will be lauached ia tbfcs thi ir naval floating home will be many scions of noble families, naval heroes and prominent statesmen of the country','whopc future paths may be of honor aad merit, ever bearing in mind that 'wealth and positionAt the Battery quite a crowd was collected, and th*Japanese were heartily cheered as they entered the Cam- landing the treaty was first presented, when Com-FTRK nc EAST TWKXTV THIRD STREKT.—Shortlv aft'-r with tbe honors of Decaturs. Hulls, Perry*; tnaaif'-stiag STODEX DXATH.—CamelIc Camas, a native of Spain, aged eleven o'clock on Satiirdav night a fire was discovered in to their country that the warrior blood still coursesden and Amboy depot, at th* extremity of which the •Tailed Mates revenue cutter Harriet lane, a most beautt- tullittlesteamer,commandedbyCapt.Faunee,U.%N. wasmodore Perry was met by (as estimated) 10,000 men, comprising infantry (men with «'swords on their guns"), cavalry. men carrying long pikes, with blades of polished steel: and attached to each pole was a crimson flag flutter-34 years, died suddenly at the South American Hotel yes- terday. Coroner Jack in an hold an inquest upon the body of deceased, wb?n Itappeared that death was causedby disease of the heart. In the possession of deceased was found $400 hi gold coin and a quantity of lottery tickets.Dramatic Authorship Difficulty. SCfERIOR COCBT—SPECIAL TERM.Before Hon. Judge Woodruff.Jean M. Davenport vs. Dion BowrdcattU.—Oa readingaad filing notice of motion, complaint and answer, and hearingB.Oalbraith, counsel for theplaintiff, andH.a stable occupied by John C. DunV. No. 146 Easi Tweoty- tbird street. The flames were promptly extinguished: damage about $10. v l "FIKK K BIXXCXER STRxxr.--The alarm of fire f<T the Third district, shortly after twelve o'clock on Saturday night, originated from No. 3P1 Bleec-ker street, tea g?n- tlemens furnishing goods store, owned bv James Smith. The firemen quickly cxtinguishod tho tire. The damage to the stock will amount to about $75, immrcd iu the Ex chauge Insurance Co. The origin of the firein tbe veins of the .Vmci icaa youth.The Macedonian has not yet arrived, hut is dally ex- pected. She is now In her 23th day from the rock of Gibraltar.The United Stat** sloop ft. louto has been wrnered from Aspinwsll to Pens eo'.a, via Carthagena and the Windward Islands.A correspondeni of the Philadelphia \ states u a t the Pawnee is a failure in every point oThe Ordnance Department of the Navy Tardhasjustcompletedabatteryof$0at gunsforthewaiting to receive them. The military drew up in line, ing in the breeze, besides a large force of artillery, number-the band struck up -Hail Columbia," and amid a scarcely Iras imposing demonstration than that which attended •heir arrival, the Japaaese embarked upon the steamer and proceeded up the Hudson river. The Japanese were •ceommodated with seats aft, wader aa immense awning, aad waved their good byes to the crowd upoa the piers as the Harriet Lane left the dock, aad their-'good byes" aadthesahitebredfrom thesteamer wererespondedto by tremendous cheers, all seeming to be anxious hospi- tably to speed the parting guests. 'A* the cutter steamed up the river the Princes resumed then- state. France Mtiwfca, n brother of Shame Baojsen, a ho baa bean assuming the part of a retainer during his » sit to thai eouatry, aad whose real rank was ansj. rlsnsaHy wtewweted by a gentleman of this city a fewMays ago, oosupyed a chair near those of the Ambassa- en beard the Harriet Lane was verying some hundred brass guns. This was in a little town, and not in the imperial city of Jeddo, the residence or the Tycoon, whose body guard is 80,800 men. The soldiers and horses are represented as large and fine looking.MearKanagaea there is a military academy, where gun, sword, artillery, cavalry, and all kinds of railitarv tactics are taught. Every able bodied man in Japan to taught thk-practice, so thatallunderstandit, without keeping a standing army in time of peace, upon the same principle that our volunteer militia is kept up in the United Slates. Their Den intercourse with the rest of the world (never having had any internal wars) has rendered navies and standing armies altogether unnecessary. It is for this reason, no doubt, that the Japanese are the most quiet, orderly i*op!e in the world, from the fact that thev never did any ughttegjOr had any occasion for it, tiuce the extermination of the Christians, more than two hundredat present.is unknownvnrtety. 4 h e japaacs* oBicern. ran to their room* aad iatrw«':c«t t k Ir bundle*, who> th* Ambassadors in charge of the r.w»'Ontw»i»s-9* and the Sew Yor%OaanwJtte* v.-rr -ar-,.'t.-d to their rooms. Captain Dnasnt tbeare- &ign\l Uacua.ge 'o C*K>iam\lcK**n, th n brief speech,me. I's notT«e, w e were dtecharged, and m.d*h.peaen •» poia'ed ia ou.- place*, thus rewdertog us*Je« the outfit we bad provited at an expense of K*0 each for the *oy- aee to Japan, and fc»r««bicll we has* receiTed n* rvctmwswe f>suckaetata*these arepassed*©v%e*er>itaretted by detective fartey, owaa aiwged cMigeaf «•»•was fatally stabbed at the grocery store of William Mil bezzlteg'about five hundred dattert) from b > employer /• 'i-c»' •£*-:-TH*ui%fmxi m A> S»u4 JW? / f*f ler, N t. IS iaiireni street, on the 18th test. was held at nnder the following circnmsuacts. It scv-aa that ttoe hr.mmd—Arrtttqf (»fuiaU—Mixytsmii W*u '" jxtttf f gthe New York Hospital on Tuesday afternoon, by Coroner accused ba« been in the employ of the proprietor e? th* FVV Ce*> TfHveye 7hr TaJfR Qf J*~eriamCKeefe. ThefollowingIs* copyofthedy'ngstatement of toe injured man;—Thomas Raftery being daly sworndepose, and says;-"! consider myself m> a «"•£«»'»condition, and d o not expect to recover 1 glv# tato a smydyingdeclaration:Ontheafternoon ofthelsth:nst..about four o'clock. I was st the stable No S Uurensstreet; while in the yard a disptrte arose bet »een myself squandered it upon hie trnc love, Lottie. In the posses the reptbiii.- are qc -*». There b*v- V-e. some llrUe dto andamaa named "Frenchy;'' the dispute was on ac1 Xthe;5*. .aLIsad(b-waiaMcTleaasaidthathewasmost happytowe. s -noeitwiUhaveatendency^ ctaatemwrii illUhl'g'itflg Ctfmfsaffrt tcttr-yrUe—The rwtum.*. 4e.come iS .'.va.i.-M ot beard, and was authcrtee* by the garsrameut of the United states to receive tbam and carry th at to their ovta country. Tn him this wouialbe both a duty aad a ptoaewre H e would shew the Ambnwado.* tbrtr qua-ters and any change* whichthey migh' saggev. would be mis?4tately sauu*-^ wbe cabins for tie Japanese are Itixc-iojsly Mtttai apf and every si iangwii ml has beea ma is for tneir eosa- tert and conreuTene". The Ambassadors each have^a ana-ati* cabin, and the otters are nmpiy !*•»«*• for. An ice tu«m and aa extra supply of etfwawtMWil that th* inner man slisr not be »eglected during the voj-sj". Both officers andcre^are picked men, s a l atnrthe totted States Navy. J J A g i * D ^ W l FKvrr,proprietor has been oontmed to h i bed by sickness, and it is alleged that d-rteg this time Moran t*twot»riated the abo»e amount to hb> own use. When arreaaH h'-co*- fesaed having made nse of the money, and "aid he badawe and atnong the most valuable of these gifts were aftrefiroor aafe and a larg scale, adapted to both English stream. Many of the Japanese were affected to tears, aad The Judge charged th» jury, who retired for aboutquest at Bellevue Hospital upon the body of Senna Bow-ceived by telling from aa embankment at the corner of I must and shall hope you dare not in your noble gene- will ever reclaim this island from its present letLa/0Tommy ran away from the visiters and hid himself in and Japaneaa weights. one of the cabins, unab'.e to endure the pain of a fo-rual A WVMHXG. leave taking, l b expressed his desir* to remain in thisthree hours, but as there was no possibility of an agree- ment, the; were dischargedThe prisoner vas rrmand««l and will be tried on the indic'm-ut for the murder of Hictcy, who lest his life inSixty-fourth street aud Fourth avenue, about four weeks ago.rosity refuse a boon so fondly asked. Adtru, sweetest, and remem;>cr through all aqd every chauge on your part I am stil! and ever your own fond and lovingand waste.On the north side of the tehnd some palpable ,le*!<*> straiion* of,emigration and aettlemcnt a r t ateo bemg made. A Mr. J. D. Harrs, qu'tc an intelligent ao<* e«t«r- pri'tng rltglitry rolorcd gentleman, ftunneriy r»f Cleve-ft noon the three principal Ambassadors attended a country, and promised certainly to return in a the i-atne melee.IJOTTIE. Numerous bills were found in possession of the accused, showing that he bad be^u expending a Urge amount of•redding i»t Grace church, refustagth© favorite ."Tommy" year or two. Indeed, all of the Japanese|wrmiab>ootoseoompaaythem. TheJapanesehadoften seemedtooom*Wtthemsehx-sbysayingthatthey wcuM •apme to New York again, or their frrnds would come toaigaifted their wish to attend an American wedding, and. the invitation wasext.mded to them, not as oMeieh, bat!n* prir.tr eittsen*. At the hour appointed Grace chorchwaii crowded with a throng of notabilities in the literary, great a hold the§c dusky Orientals had taken upon theautistic sad fashionable world. Hiss Agatha Eleanor affections of those brought into da.i> contact with them.Caraana and Mr. Charles G. Yeaton were th- happy pair,aad certainly the Ambassadors could not have beenwratised by witnessing a more interesting ceremony. A sthe Japanese walked down the aisle, eager whispers could crew" of the steamship manning the rigging and return- appears that be hud been employed to lead a bund ped-be heard oa every sale inquiring which was Tommy, and teg cheer for cheer. The tug reached the city at about ler, aa<t dwamin-d with fifty pincushion* valued at g l•hen it was discover- d that the pet was not present theftmrlng been performed, the blushing bride and her flnt- patched in carriages to their respective homes.from our report of tho'examitiaUon above. There was no iacts and circumstances concerning the origin The rv- inland, and thither the eoioatete propo-e to em grate sadwaa overwhelmed with presents, bouquets audkisscs,and distributed hundreds of his lithograph cards.IS THK KTIXIXeAugust Belmont, Esq., formally presented to each of thetheir attache*, our reporter is indebted for a thousand courtesies and kindnesses, -and all those who have been obliged to frequent the hotel during the stay of the Ori- entals add their thanks to those of the Japanese, soand Chai. M. Wood tot the same.Hudson River Items.of the champions of Entiaad. Cur latest advices fromEurope informed us that Hecn&n w••* to sail In the Adri-atic, and bis friends are therefore on the tiptoe of eic<TrtootJS AaovT TRADE MAKKS.—Some da; s ago a. war- rant was issued for the arrest of John McCouvule andthan "•ii).,:. and the croj*,especially th" toliacco crop, lotet badly. I qc*«tiea if there wi,: be one-fourth of a crs*. in addition to the partial failure of the tobacco crop,s*mt>i*. the constituents of which are un- a a i our natwoal representntive dlih—pork andthe police bare Ven most arduous and embamutsing, but have been so well performed as toeiicit no word of blame The conduct of the Committee of Arrangements andthis occasion.TERRORS ©> tar.Ran.—The pisaengers to the city yes-terday morning by the cars from MorrisloAD—«orae four or five hundred—were suddenly and rather uncomforta- bly reminded of the uncertainty of life, particularly whenbrought before Justice Quackenbush, who held him to bail in thv s Jtn of $600 for trial at the General Session.^,FIGHT AST/ STARKSC Arnut.—A. serious row occurred at No. 8 Jackson street, oa Wed»esdaj evening, between Jame- Martin and Ed.vard Martin on one side, and JohnJeddo by and by. Many exchanges of presents -*err made, and until the actual separation occurred aone knew how mnch the Japanese valued their American friends, or howTh-: court adjourned to Monday.iMHirwxMS »r TH>:CKA>D jjmv—S£>THSC8|TOTHE STATE FRWO.N.The G'and J .ry e!itere<t c»>urt in the course of the day,inquest, at No. 112 West Thirty-third street, upon the body of David D. Bailey, a nathe of this State, aged W> years, who died under similar eircumstaxxeatice Oounolly and committed to answer.AnsifT ox SrspMttwi or ARSOS.—On the morning of thefive fam.lK-s of said State, recently arrived here tetead ing to eei-ct a location and make arrangements for pteal ii« a colony, *T His friend and patror. f* Mr. I'astoriai, or the firm <•• Pastoriza A. Collin-, merchants of tatoThe Niagara and the Harriet Lane thundered their salutes, and the Japaaei»e and their hosts parted rompauy, the party on Inmrd the Huntress cheering repeatedly, and theprisoner pl-ndJ-d gu.ltv to the minor offence of attempt- ing grand brYony, and theCtmrt sentenced him to the Mate pri'-o'i for t v o year* an-l tliree munth-.of Coroners' inquests, we stated that Coroaors O'Keefe and g'.reet. So suddeu w as the break ing out of the flie, that on the north rile of the i-Uno, r,ud crnso'ic cf tat Gamble had been applied to, but in vain, to hold an ante- iu a fe* minutes after its discovery the whole of the up- most lovely tracts of rmmtry on the north. Jt lies abate;disappointment seemed general. The bridal ceremonies seven o'clock last evening, and the company were des- each. The pr «Ki'-r pleaded guilty. Tho Judge comment-blame attached to Coroner Gamble.City Intelligence.REiras OT JOHN C. HKOJUI—The pugilist c fraternity6uit of his labor- was submlt'ed te Justice Welsh, and that magistrate considered there w a s smheient evidence to arrest Charles H. Campbell and F . Ed-sard Luthy, Mr. Cnaribeil's clerk. According'.;; a warrant \>as issued for their arr<?st, and yesterdav the ace '«ed partW weresettle.. The p!a. • is Leaitii; , U>e soii jnoduci.ve beysad paral: I and well adapted to the culture of tobacco, coaae and togarThe currency is in a better condition than il has bean tor .-one tunc. Papatettes are uoe, e x uang.^d tie gutd atiooking husband ware introduced to the Japani.se, whowar* understood to offer their congratulations. ThoPrinces did not attend the reception at the happy pair'sresidence ia Thirty niath xtret. but were immediatelydriven back to the hotel, and Tommy took their place inlbs nutans and drove off to visit the bride. His re Japanese Hotel is once more transformed into the well Ptopfe rs J. Bruce Ktwiey, for forgery in the third de-AT THE MITHOFOLITAMaffairs begin to assume their former routine.occupied by the Japanese have been cleaned and put in order, the Japanese flag baa been hauled dr. n, and theTh" 1'rcplf rr. John Henry, for grand larceny. The up Man by thetodtoapresent was most enthusiastic. He known Metropolitan. To all of the brothers Leland, aud cree. Ths l'fop> it. Oco.M. Wood, for grand larceny,great flstic excitement consequent on the expected re- brought un by officer Smith, of the Third ward. Justice government rates, and are received m j«rt at the C Hon -e for custom dues, where«i* formerly all duesturn to his native land, ia the steamer Adrtetic, of the re- Welsh reourtd the parties to find ball. Mr CampbeH required to be paid in specie.doubtable John C Heenan, champion of America, and one *a* reLafod ou bail of gv.,000, and Mr. Lath} on gtl.OOtk The raid, s-a»on te no« o>••:. We ha\e had lestPrinces a an* photograph of Commodore Perry, taken in often reported in these columns. Every arrangement at TUBCATTLKDL-KASZ.—Hiefatal disease to cattle, pleuro-pectatton. Acttne preparations are in progress to give John Marpby, merchants, doing bu>.:aess at No. 61 Cedar less a loss and inisfo-tune is the flilu 1 of the m-^gttghim a warm and generous reception, and his headquar- street, in the city of New York, on the charge of having cutter^ and fad"»x to get their stock to market, Inconcommotion. Thousands of his friends are waiting with intheirpossession,with intenttouse,linenthreadbear downtotheportsandthesea. Thiswil'prove atertosa itching palm* to grasp the champion's "bunch of fives." ing the trade mark "Barbour's Standard." Th's mark is disaiter to the trade, as vast quantities have been cut. while as many more are fas* expiring for a sight of the stated in the affidavit to be a forgery and counterfeit of We have no d'-unit- and r''liabl» Intelligence from the new belt. As soon as the Adriatic is signalled from San the mark of Barbour Brothers, and to have been used by mining companies no., far te the mountains in the ia-dy Hook there will be severe', steamers ready to go down MeCouvibe and Murphy on thread imported and sold by terkir, vb<uce it te almcci as diftcult tohear as from the bay oa excursions to greet the returnmg eagle, whoIt them, to imitate the genuine tra . mark of the com New Verk. Trade v*.»s never mo .• dull here than atbit usual excellent style by Brady, who is the only art in the hotel has Veen most adm'raVde, aud in no case hasahem the Ambassadors have allowed to photograph them.' any fault been found, either with the arrangements orShe Aldermeu. Couucilmen and the Naval Comtni&iion had the proprietors. To Messrs. Nixou and Christy, Ne,va threw rU dinner together, hut the occasion was an infor- York is indebted for their klnduess in alio A'.ng the Jasnal one, and ne/speeche* were made. Nanmra, the chief Cese to visit their saloor^ at pleasure, thus murh en days,and Mr. Jacob storms, of Southeast, Tutnam county,teterpreter.aad a party oT the principal officer?, gave a ring the enjoyment of the city's gut*t-. The police has lost seven cows within two weeks. It is beltowed in their private rooms, to the Messrs. Leland* arrangvmeuts, under Sergeants Mo'int and Crop that the distemper had its origin in the distillery stablestwo or three invited guest*. The dishes i-ousUted of sey, have been complete and satisfactory. The duties ofof this city, Mr. Alanson Ager, of Carmel, lost five eo''»s by introducing into the herd an aninial which had been brought from New York, where she had been confined for a long time in an underground stable; and Mr. Joshua Baruum within a short time lost fifteen head of cattle by turning them out to pasture from a two months'confineis expected will loudly flap l^s wlags *»td lustily crow on ptainants. McCxnu ille, be'ng In Europe, could not l>e ar- rested, but the defendant, Murphy, was arrested aadpresent; money exc-edingi; scarce. No American rerna in i«oil hut the Jt'h i Butler.K a v a l Imtelligjetec**Ol R PORT'sMOriH (>'. H .) COSinS8?OM)Be;CS.Usmo STAT«SNA>VVAXO, \ PoxrsxotTii June 26,1S60 JAfter the substantiate had been disposed of, N'aaw, and in the happiest manner proposed the Special Committee has been a'*> e all praise, andof she Messrs. Leland, adding that he waaauthorised by th* Amba.<xadorH to retam theirth*nks for the sonny kindnesses which theyhad received at lb* hotel, and which bad disregard ofour guests' wishes or prejudices. Onthe SisGrtAR StJcn>E—On Wednesday morning a youugcontrary to the usual practice, in such oases made and provided, there has been no riotous or disorderly conduct on the part of Aldermen or Common Oounciimen, or anymeat in the hot stables under his bara.man, named William Hopkins, residing near Glen Cbve, . o t a homes. Ton=ts and speeches followed, and, alto, the Naval Commission, every arrangement has been ad- commit ted suicide under the following singular circum- getber, ahaaswasion was a must enjoyable one, the Ja- mirably made and as admirably carried out by the com stance-—He procured a rawr and pail and went into ation—Uir Trar^rimtntiem Into a Srhootthip—S^r A46j4t4•(»?»for thtf* 5- ri#r*—J8>r Armm»rmt, Df+lntation, dV-< 4 *The usual quiet and tranquillit* which for the P-/rTmonth have been pre,ailing in this, o r rural N*»» nal that tile drawbridge was withdrawn was pro- swer. The Martins are severely injured, but aone of the Yard, has at length been disturbed by receipt of ordersmade them almost regret to leave it, even for their contrary, under the supervision of Mr. Warren Leland andat their usual speed; a s they nearcd the draw bridge over Charle- Branden,'«rg ou the other, hi the affray the two the Haokensack. the engine driver, ignorant of the danger Martins were stabbed, be-ides ''eiiig badlv l»aten and ahead, because ignorant of the signs which indicated it— kicked, A eonip'tint was made agaio>t Kihbes and hi* the passengers, of conr3e, immersed in the morning pa- party vesterday, betore Justice Brennan, when the ac-panese displaying crovivtol qualities not to be suspected in people nrdtoariry so reserved. Tim in i say saparatcdat a Ute hour, after songs and dances in the imtoloanand Japanese style, and celebrated their parting by ex-changes of coats and hats, as is the Japanese custom, andInterchanges of rich presents—each of the Messrs. Leland sets sail for Japan. New York wishes her a ple»<«at receiving a splendidly mounted sword, as a token of es-Ths roomsThe folios ing indictments wcrerenvUed to the3essious for trial;—ly and obUgiiii; New Yoik Aldermen never wore so ma the razor across his threat. inflicting a cut about threevidentially descries! by the ticket collector, whose wounds are necessarily fatal.njr honors, and we hope that they may alwavs wear them as deservwfJr. 4from tbe Navy Department for the tit ing out of the frigate Constitution, which vessel for the past six yean has been lying te ordinary at this place. The pract.ee ship Plymouth having been found uneu ted for the pur pose of a schoolship, being tr. ch too small, the Old Iras sides will he commissioned, and whe^ ready will proceed to Annapolft, and on arrival there take on board the cadets from the Neva' Academy at that city. The atter ion of this frigate as a schooish.p cannot but be pteat sg to all interested in naval affairs and the future welfare tfinches in length. When discovered he was quite dead, and the pail half full of blood.VXBBMAS, THE W ux Poisoxx :.—At the recent Court ofOyer and Terminer, held at Poughkeepeie, the case ofto America. Thus we pait with the first Japanese Em- Ishmael Freeman, the wife poisoner, was taken up, butinstant warning to stop the engine was only Justin time. The alarm spread among the passengers, butnot until both their danger and their escape was disclosedto them at one and the same time. There, v. ithin twenty orthirty feet of the arrested ears, was the y a A uing gulf of theliakvu-ack. left by the unclosed drawbridge, Into which entered the dwelling house of Morton Smith. 85* TenthAt one o'clock to-day the Nteirara Wei*** anchor andBTROLART.—Two lads, named John Hopkins and Bryan Penney, were taken into CUEody by policeman Bigi&n, of the Eleventh precinct, on chtrge of having burglariouslybassy to America; but we may expect another ere long, and wiildoubtlss welcome them as heartily.last session, having passed a new law in relation to capi- tion, purporting to be attested by the Rev. J. L. Hatch, tal punishment, and at the same time having repealed and give it entire, as, whether genuine or bogus, it is many of the provisions of the old law. It was a ques-the Hbole train aad living freight would have been Inevi- tably precipitated had not the ticket collector detected the danger in time to guard again -«. il. Naturally thestreet, and stealing therefrom >125 worth of jewelry. Justice Brennan committed the accused for trial.Hoaas Fiasn.—John McDermott, a lover of hone flesh.We have received the followiog singular communica-certainly a rare Japanese curiosity:—•tion of doubt with the Court whether it would have any power to sentence the prisoner in case he should be con- victed, the only statute which prescribed the manner in which the sentence of death should be executed havingpassengers were very indignant—when the first mo- was taken into custody Thursday oa a charge of stealing meat of thankfulness for their escape passed away—WARNING LETTER TO THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.- Thefollowingletter, written by oae who is evidentlyacquainted only with that monstrous perversion of thewas clear and sunshiny, and at an early hour the Metro- Christian religion yclept " Puritanism,"has been deliver been repealed. The decision of the Supreme Court wiflthat an engine driver, ignorant of the dangers of theline aud unacquainted with the signals used to indicatethem, should have been employed by the company. appears, had a baulky gelding, and called upon McDermott this branch of the public service. A sh.p of noble pre After matters were set once more right, the passengers.wIth some hearty anathemas against the directors of theYB8TBBDAY MQBMINGto help bim to get the animal to go. McDermott took portions, good length and adequate beam, she will provepolitan was thronged with persons wishing to say good- ed and carefully interpreted to the Chief Ambassador.aad serranis were ready to leave, and were placed in and one who will do h.s duty to those '-heathens" on thebe obtained before the next term, when the prisoner, if found guilty, will be sentenced according to that de- cision.SWHKIMI CASS or SrwroE —A man named Coarad Straussle, in the employ of Mr. Rensselaer Rote, of Cto- verack, Columbia county, committed suicide on Tuesday byshootinghimself. Hetoyontheground,putthemuz- zle of a gun to his month and pulled the trigger with hisine, entered tee cars again and went on their way re- joicingKsw LIFE SAVTSC ASH TROOP LAXTCVG RAFT.—An inven-tion of the above character was privately tested on Wednesday last, at Bay Ridge, L. L , and proved a very greatsuccess. The construction of the apparatus Is exceedinglysimple. The raft te formed of three pontons, filled withcharge of the lines, and while Hoey got out of the wagon to fix the harness, he drove off, leaving the owner of the propertyonthesidewalk. JusticeQuackenbushheldthe accused for examination.herself to be admirably adapted for that use. Her deck.-, beingloftyandroomy,«ili*%rdamplespacefortheva- rious exercises of the nautical pupils, allow ing them a fa.rbyetotheJapanese. TheMatharried purchases were inonecfthe'-religious" papersofthis week thatthe packed away, and by eleven o'clock the Japaaese soldiers Captain of the Iflagwa te a hold and decided Christian,carriages and driven to the Battery, whence they were conveyed to the Niagara in the Huntress, l b s tug was almost overladen with the immense pile of baggage be- longing to the Japanese, and consisting mostly of pre- vents, .soon the crowd began to collect about the hotel, and visiter after visiter went up stairs to try to ate Tommy.THKraocHBiON.home passage, whatever the consequences:—PmuDjaraiA, June 14, I860. To His Bviirssss THErwKT SIJUII BOOJ<-XNNO-KAMI:—Tax OOXTLAUIT AGA3ST GAXDXXR Fcastss DISYSSKO.— scope for tbe pursuit of their practical studies.It is worthy of note,in connection with it, that it is statedonly the principal Japaaese, the Naval and twenty years tgo. When Marco Polo told the Euro-On Saturday afternoon test a young lady of twenty twoyears of age, named Mary Esty, mysteriously disappearedfrom the home of her pannts in West Newton. Mass.,"nder circumstances which caused great ercitement in a privileged one. And further ordered, that the plain- have fourteen one-horse cars always in requisition, to sup-,thememberkoftheCommonCouncil,the a tew invited sweats, amon)i of the Seventy first , who were Introdweed to the Ambassadors by passed atone alongside the all oa board a fine view of that proceededagainto*>«*!duringthestayanpeansoftheexistenceofalargegroupofislandsoffthe coast of China, more than five hundred and fifty years ago, the people were described as "warlike," although there appears no account of their wars, except with Francis Xavter, hi US», when the Christians were expelled.In Japan quarrelling and intoxication are only seen amongthelower classes, such aswesometimes seeon election days among the rowdies en the "Potete," or someotherctessicspot, and then onlyonsetaereligious or national festival—unlike our lower classes, who quar- relwithout regard to anything except thebrandyant whiskey bottle.Their police system ti most admirable. The c tyof Jeddo,contatemgapopulationof4.009,000(aadallover Japaa the same), to divided into police districts about the atetnf etMOf*nrbk>ctemNew York. Over this te placedtiffscostsofthemotionbefixedat$K>,andaretobe costs in the cause and abide the event of her recovery-of c«ste in this action.plythegreatdemandwhichtebeingmadebythepublic o avail themselves of the the excellent accommodationsed, which to againEvery personto)Jagwn wJohn Berry, who took a prominent part ta the Cana- • dianrevolutionof183»,andwasexpatriatedtherefor,has Just returned to Brockvitle, Canada, after an absence of twenty two years. He bad beea sentenced to transport*.tioaforWe,butwaspardoaedsomethreeyeanaft.tonrt. Before Hon. Judge Bonny.The jury, te accordance with the instructions of theCourt,foundaverdictforptetetKbforpossessionofthe•»These elements show conclusively that the pre^ts object is not th* " Cutset «t Charles V." Theytoaveste giventbemesasofpredict**;theoaaearwbtehit«t pcrsoe among the stars. K wW go trntewiatlaad ttf keep ta advance of the sun. until tt disappeant. tto south;wlritottresedeafromthesunitwillapproarh tu aarth. and wiU he eoaaatowMtly vteibW attenU wu • *>TOrAFATAI Rnacmx*a.--A renoantre oecmrred in Lysehb•/%, proprietors of the JsVp-ltV*-, aawstod hyjFsa.B*r^wtcke,andtheM**mChaa,W.aadJos.Button,oftht Vtrnaiaw.whowerewsswtod bytvro ofttoter bro.aetowhichMr.Joseph Buttonwaa ki^,na4,Mr. Button fstnl!> wounded.«wnotratio*orTHKtafiajMh YtnwfloMtojothaaadstatojaed bypublishingIng. Isthis theregulartime* If so.then*the arrange- mentsoftheNewTork PostWfter-arevet'-perfectas r.gardsbad management;foratthis rate,'j wouldtake atleasteightdays foraletterto roachIV u,.p*.<ndoftheM- On the 19th of May te«t w e, the oaifcnigMd, w e n • »ntitledDocla that district Mreport- t» knows of an ofteneedefendant, the Court held that if the plaintiffi- were enti- tled to a verdict they had also a right to damages for the detention of the property.•< xnenhatteaAsc.Nose -.ntttedastedassnotreportittotheofficertun-«. is punished the tune as theofpolice swrmtteace, itwill be readily the most perfect order and protectkm. torhsngethetrresidence,cannotdoso the eaaaaat of those Bring within a of the place where such person wishes toefatoes, and a yoarly reatal of #10,000. together withPoetOOtceDaltejra.TO VMS EDITOR OF TBI HBUMUIKNsw YORK.June23,I860.Jaw* » , 16*9THOMAS LAY,W. J . FTNNIGAN, M.J.WAHNKR.Jr., CHAS. b . HKMJa.As UK- brig Joba lutk-r t*iL> toraorrow for New YtMt 1 haatec to advire poa by har of at. that I— f-s-pirit here td* any net* olwe my last Th* i«oi!tic*i *$htet*rCowrt toff Ojrar testes Terantste*.Before Hon. Judge Could. MtBIKSB TRIAL COKTU.0RB.coua.of my horse having ran against htm some time since about live o'clock that same afternoon I had occa si-m to rtet the grocery store No. 25 Uurens street; Chariea NVal. William rYauington and Frenchy were ia the Ftore when I entered; they were allfc'on of the privoncr were found several altV.ti*n*t* Mtorstiirbaner.howev-er^** Use south e-1- of the totead.aear the HaytP a line, ste?* I Iwrt wtcte, growlag o*t of the intero.v.rse of th* Mhftfctts w!!h th» Dnain.'-ans, « which certain of theiateer wrae charged by the authari ties at St. Domingo CHy w.th an texraettoe 0' the treatyw t h t h - following ;ndi'-tments:—Th- J'rtjuVr* Tim. McParlen, for grand larceny.—The1st of March last, a fire took place in the provision andCORHKCTTO:* —In our issue of Thursday, under the head liquor store of Chailes H. Campbell, "No. 209 Washington place. Mr. 1 is •• person of inj.h * .with and .aDaeiwTbaiVt^'e vs. John .Vin«te V —The prisoner is a native of the East Iwdi-s, aud is Indicted for grand larceny. Itmortem examination in the case of Thomas Ttaftery. W e were in error, for the ante-mortem e-oimination wa*> held that same afternoon b y Coroner O'Keefe, a s will b e seenpfrpartofthebuildingwasInflames;thepremisesweretotally destroved, Involving a loss of upwards of »^0,000.Fire Marshal Maker, as usual, invest-gated closely :utc thethirty mile* westofran an I'ia'.tr,in thedlroctiossf Monte Christi, running north to the sea, and metodes ant of the finest harbo.-t on the coast—4*0rtr> Cwbelio Tht site for a city at this point it not eu*rnss>ed by any on ateed upoo th«-'aggrt-.ated character of the ease, and regret- ted that thelu* d d notgi-, e the Court power to poaish the tirfconer for the enormity of the crime. The prisoner u asSentenced to the State prison for three years.pneumonia, has made its appearance in the several counties along the Hudson, and has already taken off several cattle. At Vail's Gate, Orange county, no less than fifteen head of cattle have died w ithin the last fewters In Thirteenth street was yesterday the scene of some sequence o f tbe streams not rising high enough to float Awas postponed until the next term, the Legislature, at itsIt is known to our wise men that, during the stay ofIho Japanese Embassy in this country, and while return- toe. The report was heard by Mr. Rote, who instantlying on board the United Steles steamship, various attempts went to the spot, when he found the unfortunate manwill be made to induce 6ome members of the Fmbassv to gasping in the last agonies of death. The gun was kept rallel, and lashed to eyes, or rings, on the casiigs. The lookfavorablyontheChristian religion,theobjectbeing inthegranary. Straussle hadasked Mr.Roteforthe whole te then covered with a canvass deck, on itsintroductionintoyourcountryofJapan.Thiscom- loanofitseveraltimes,buthadalwaysbeen^refused. whichisfastened astrongnetwork,andinthetuated by an; criminal motive.Fire* ImNew York,IDEAS OF IT. party, or Tennessee; W. Murdock, Esq., and party, of Halifax, and P. T. Vail, Esq., of Troy, are stopping at theIt is curious as well as amusing t > the Japanese, wo arc Fifth Avenue Hotel.told, to see the amount of ignorance or want of knowledge Gen. Watkins and Col. Harrison, both of the Britishway, and arrived at the Battery about twelve o'clock M.The trial was considered a perfect success, and as soon asthe Inventor's arrangements are c>n.pleted w e hope n ovessel carrying passengers, sailing out of the port of NewYork, will fail to carry one of these invaluable protectors. contents were soon destroyed. Lost about $700. NoCapt.F.Engie.I.S.N:Capt. T.W.Sweenv.U.S.A.: are in Washington.The Brighton (Eng.) Gasetfe. of June H , says that Mario and Grlsi were prevented from singing test Saturday evening owing to a severe domestic affliction. They have lost their youngest daughter, only four years of age.JerseyCltjrNtwi.Jc*t».—The Socidji for the Reformation of JmenOe aVtanwnsb t*. 7/oyn.—The defendant was committed for ^«JraeSTUGAJUTOJAPAir. contemptofCourt,sadtopayafineoft2S0fordtonber- tog an tnjuaction reetraialng him from having prrfor- msneesinhistheatreintheBoweryonSundAvs^mo- tionwasnow made for a stay ofprUoceedingslaorderof a tetter betweea New York and Brooklyn. Long Island*I have frequently dropped tetters In the United Sta'.osboxes as early as six A. M., directed to Long Island, andnot more .than a quarter of a mile from the fere,, andyetsaidlettersareaeverdelivereduntilthedayfollow. Ta,onSatoiday.betweenGeo.W.H^****^"'"JumentpNEW YORK HEBALD, 8ATUBPAY, JUNE 80, 1660.-TB1FLI SHBBT.. ——>K«a>« ttmmt tot. OCT. tvur m ruarrar<*4; audf theotorivM perfxtyat borne, sad the rig- iv ned master\ mates on board the Units* Btotoa CawtowraV I n q u e s t s .iBteUtfear*.teaaKPiKTDBE OFTIE JiPilESL wen cwa .l.-'.-!* filled vi?h Japanese Imggnge of every im*l Friday test, th* Sftt testant. wham,«itbo-jt a *+ mortem examlnati * in the onse of Thomas Raftery, who-" m ar r*'m.j3»a.t«gfgin? vm bung with Japanese cJothag, and the cabins fig'te Nstwra.br&ptein *M« uwdnttoa as tmea F * - ^ Sr>ssiM» Caan t* Ucstteto 8ma*».—The ante-easeD D A a S a I J u . V x G e —. P a r d o n m y l i t t l e ' s o u v e u i r , ' w h k - h , I t r u s t , Li-nitman:*—fraacN. Brt-wn,JohnGuest,Was.I Satcflr, diacult> at the prisoner's store; several men came g ven him any provecatioa he stabbed me three time*,; you whl acceptC b & s . M c D - r o o t d e p o s e d t h a t h e w a s p r e s e n t a t t h ewant any troise there; the men refused to go, and the prisoner proceeJed to restore them from thepremise*,,arowtheaensued,theprisoner%a* knocked down; the fight then became general; Donnegan.aoi strike or injure me in any way; I went upstairs short- ly after the cccurrcnce and remained there about fifteen minotev when I was about leaving the house 1 met Wil- l-amPenningtonandbiswife,andaccompaniedthemit their bo.is*, from whence I was conveyed to the New York Hospital." The rase wat. here glen to the jury,from it, and be assured that her recollection of you will beasunchangingastimeitself. Iftoostrongfory»u, they will only the better represent the warm rt^°«Jj»u o f yours, most fondly, LtnnE.DARIASOWaus—A strange feeling of wniness has comegood faith.B; an cfticia: decree last water, ; K vrii!r Efwitorj saw was the deceased (John hj^nnltxsggeriaaup tag at the hands of Charles Neal, at th* hou-e No. 2C Lau upon me, and echoes from the depth of my heart that to that the goremmeat laid a tax r* fift) cent* ton oa all tore^m hotioate eaterlag iheac torts, eajjed at the reftost of several of the Marvin, !«isuCasey, Jr., Edward O. Read, Wlnfieid Scott against the counter, aad heard aha say, "My Godi Tarn reaa street, Joee lS,18d&" A warrant for tbeappre- morrow we mast part. Oh, Wat, did you but know the those cleared from aad bctongia* tef» era with9. Robesoc,Pchley,Then. I* Buaa. William 9 Hall. •tabbed;'* fbe prisoner's face was covered with blood. ben'wonof the accused was then issued b y t h e Coroner, and the writ was placed in the hands of the Eighth prejrjwr«R«r>T-Chlef,Wm.F.wmismaon:firstAssistants, JohnFarrclldeposedthattheprisonerwasempMyed cinctpoliceforexecution. RafteryisaotexpectedtoJiveMi-hk-r*"*-4b*. 0 . Ksiae, BenryJos. D.under him la the Havy Yard, Brooklyn, that be waa«esceabte tnd a man of good character; be left the Masrmore than twenty-four hours.Vara* to go as second engineer on board the United SlatesatoamwMississippi, caltervoy*getoJasM;u1tnesawas . .Cnrswxa *o DXAM Wasx Fateoc.--Mtf.hael Brfphy, a gattens which, time udecree an to the United £ « i o , and herplaced oa aa *q»:a!-ty wIth than* «Deuioark, Franee and spaia, with a" v.hicfa Powesl Dominica has trea'ka. This measure m »\ favorably t i wet your trad* with th* teiaad.Other witnesses gave the prls/mer s good character* Mr. James T. Bradr, oa the part of the prisoner, Sub-A strong effort is now being made by somegenUemta te 1*1. Domiapxi city, ataoof whom a e f.-aeral Otetotta and Colonel rsbiaa, to induce an emigration from fatmitted that t b s was a esse of justiaable homicide; the in violent coiiiskw with the pier, crushing deceased in amittee, who certainly deserve great credit for being so shed adjoining the kitchen, where he deliberately gotextraordinarily aad unexpectedly respectable, genttern in- down on his knees, leant his head over the pari and drew pers, utterly unconscious of danger—when the sig- cused "were held to bail, each in the snm of $oO0, to an-air and covered with two outerfcasings of canvas-, coatedwith a chemical preparation to make them sir tight. plainant being unable to prove that the defendant was ac-When inflated spars are laid across transversely and pa-FPJKt\SrrnrAvKsrx.—Aboutnineo'cloikanThursdayAt one o'clock the streets near the hotel trer* munication is written to his Highness the Prince, most Deceased was a single man, about twenty-three yean of centre spar a box is formed into whica a morning a fire broke out in a bedroom on the third floor present themselves to the minds of the cadet*, will tealpacked with people, and tat about half an respectfully to warn and guard him, at all times, against age. boor the Seventy-first regiment, parading about three the eflbrts of Christian priests who would thus interfere hundred men, under command of Col. Yosburgh, with the Japanese people and their religions Institutions;jury matt can be fitted at pleasure. At the stern to arouse tbe naval aspirants to emulate tbe naval heroes of the raft a temporary row-locU Is provided, through of the building No.646 Sixth avenue, in the j.i.-mis •- of who, in days gone by, trod her decks, leading our hostsmarched down Broadway to act as a special escort andguard of honor to the Ambassadors. After various ma-noeuvre?, aad an exercise, finely performed, in the drillmanual, theregiment wasdrawn upin lineand pre-sentedarms, andamid thecheersofthespectatorsandthe inspiriting music of the band the Ambassadors leftthe hotel, and, in company with the officers of the NavalCommission, and the members of the CommonCouncil, entered their carriages. Carriages were pro-vided Tor the reporters and invited guests, and the treatybo*, guarded by Tommy, was placed upon a platform de-and the writer would further inform the Prince that the great majority of the scientific and philosophic men of this country nave no confidence whatever in the truth of the Christian religion. Signed, w ith the greatest respect,Personal Intelligence.Capt. John vine Hall, of the steamship Great Fastera; N. S. Russell. Esq., J. E. Skinner, Esq., Z. Caborne, EBq., B. Mann, Esq., H. P. Merrlneld, Esq., F. Simpson,E»q., D.Kennedy, Esq.,T.F.Reinhaenser, Esq.,andA.Bur- ton, Esq.,all from England, in the steamship Great Eastern; Hon. H. Wilson, of Massachusetts; Judge Helfen-whichanoarispassedto*operateasasteeringapparatus. The material of which the above is composed was duly landed at a convenient spot upon the beach, and it le-s than thiru -five minutes the whole raft was complete and afloat. Afterremaininginthehayabout five hours,the rat, with five persons on board (the tide beingad- verse) , was compelled to return to the starting point;JoelMeade Thefirewascausedbyafou'chimney. The damage to Mr. Meade's furniture will amount to a'.out $300. Insured for $1,200. The names extended to the windows on the fourth floor, and into the promises of CharlesStit-nvrewgge, doing some slightdamagebefore oxtiuguished. The building is ownedbyH.S.lii>choff; it is damaged about $100. and is insured lor $4,000.tohonoreddeathorgloriousvictor)',sad willteachthem thatHoner aad fame from no condition rise,but toActwelltheirpart.thereallthecreditlieE Theprobablecruiseofthe Constitutionaillbecuelikely to be prolific with incidents of naval and historic tcterest(Attest.)J.L.HATCH.THOMAS ttHTK.Le ivmg theStates she will proceed to some pert in the Keg MILITARY POWER OP JAPAN-AMERICAN stenc, or Pennsylvania; H. S. Crittenden, Esq., and but, nothing dauntod, he heroic party again got under- FIRE ra FIJTY-SECOXD STRRET.—Between six and seven lish Channel, thence to Crocsiradt, Itrest. Cherbourg, Ca-diz. Toulon, Marsci.les—ail abounding with objects of past glory and present importance, thus familiarising the minds of our youth, destined at some future day to as smile the command of our naval force-, with scenes where tome of the most brilliant naval engagements have taken place and nobi. victories been won. The ship itself presents one of the proudest pages of Amerktr: history—her ae.liir-.-ii.,enir, her captures, the noble men who havemore ignorance than upon the military question. This is Marrow, Mr. Cnae. Rev. T. Southey and Mr. Hubiard, all ensuing year. They decided to celebrate their first anni- East Tenth street. It originated on the second flooa, in her "iron tongueu monitor*," the illustrious dead wh*corated wIth Bag* aad Aunmta a n d designed b y Council-man VaaTtac, whose treaty pagoda, at the reception of manifested here in regard to Japan, judging by the army; Capt. Camaige and Cap' Mackinnon, both of thethe Japanese, so delighted the Ambassadors. absurd, ridiculous questions put to them concerning theircountry.As soon as the procession started it wasevident that the Japaaese were not yet com- Upon no subject, perhaps, have the "Japs" been more Illinois, are stopping at the Union Place Hotel.ptetely forgotten by New Yorkers, for although closely cross-questioned, or upon no subject have our Major Ifeilfour aud Captain Drummond, both of the neither the excitement nor the crowd could at all people, especially in this city and Philadelphia, exhibited Pritish army; Mr. Woods, Mr. Oaxford, Mr. Taylor, Mr.o'clock on Friday morning a lire occurred in the match manufactory of Patrick H. Bigelow, in Fifty second street, between Eighth and Ninth avenues. The building andRoyal Navy; Mr. Gooch and wife, Mr. Barber. G. Haw- kins, Esq., aud W. A. Herbert, Esq., all from England, in the steamship Great Eastern; and Judge L. H. Bryant, ofinsurance. The fire, it is said, waa caused by spontaneous combustion.of England, in the steamer (ireit Eastern; Captain Morris, of the Royal Navy, and Colonel RtpU-y, of the United States army, and family, are stopping at the New York Hotel.Captain Higgins, formerly of the mall steamer Vaader- bilt.and l»r. G. Taylor, of Nt-w Milford, art stopping at the St. Denis Hotel.Signor Sursini, of the Italian opera, is stopping It the Everett House.LieutenantBabcock,oftheUnitedStatesnavy,and wife, are stopping at the Astor Place Hotel.Senator Doolittle, o f Wisconsin; E. P . Morgan, Esq., of Albany; Colonel Roberts. Major Ferguson and Dr Mc- noogall.all of the United States army, are stopping at the Astor House.Senator Mallory, of Florida, Mr. Hornby, of England, General Spinner, ot Mohawk, lYofessor Boresford, J Jar- avlofl", and M. Jaravlott, all from Russia; G. S. Rolbnsk, Esq., of l*ndon; Governor H. H. Sibby, of Minnesota, and Major Howard, of Texas; arc stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel. ^ TMD. E. J. Srapp!rt. Esq., of California, G, H. Seven, Esq., of Philadelphia: E. F . Goode, Esq. and ladv of"Washing- ton; C. C. Cole, Esq., of Melbourne, Australia, and R. N. Baldwin. Esq., of Kingston, N. Y .; are stopping at the Lafarge House.Governor Perry, of Florida, and Dr. Gaskeas of Norfolk, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.the reom of the Rev. Dr. McMenomy, who was discoveredlying ujion the floor by the firemen very badly burnedIt is said that he is subject to fits, and in all probabilitythe fire was caused by the gentleman having a fit and up-setting his lamp. It is thought that his injuries willprove fatal. The building is owned by Thomas MorrcH.It is damaged about $60, said to be insured. The damageother exercises incidental to the celebration will take to the furniture will be about $300- Insured iu the Clin- should be tbe incentives to action, and not tbe title deeds4-iPoliceA Fata Yo-. M, M--.3, © * » Muwawi ffaaaa -djjha —Wm.J. Mora-», a yo«th of som* tetetetoaa ewmtaer*, was ar-again the sw>etm->s of those ruby lips, and mark eachchanging expression of that beauteous face as the angelof sleep cliugs around you, would be to me dearer, yes farman, who died from the effect* of Injuries areidenUlly re- dearer, than the sight of my own sunny land. Nay, w ill, that emigration from th* States is the on!;- this* thatof the Empire City are at thi3 moment ia the throes ofO'Keefeheld anDXATHS rsoM IyrExreR.vscx—Coroneriaquest at the First precinct station house, upon the bodyof T'mothv Desmond, a nati e of New York, aged 40 years,whodied'fromintemperance. CoronerJackmau heldan moneyduringtheabovetime. HewastakenbeforeJus- land,Ohio,andthedulyauthorizedageatofsometwentytravellingbyrail. Thecar3wereproceedingalongth?line Kibbe-, Francis Faher, Frederick Brauden'jurg and Or?'i-« fw J'i":»3 0>i>tht Cnfffd Staff FHga** Cor.***a horse and wagon valued at $222 69, the property ofJames Hoey,of 197 Hester street. The complainant, itThe examination ia the case of Gardner Furntes, who wasarrested on charge of stealing a wagon from John Har- man, resulted in a dismissal of the complaint, the com-She will be supplied with a battery of the aostsnproved description, and her entire equipment will btsuch as to present a fine opportunity for the ambttiotsyouths to fit themselves to walk in the stops ef thetrCLASS or 'C9, NEW YORK FRES ACADEMY.—A meetingof the students of the class of '5*, the last graduatingclass of the New York Free Academy, was held on Mon- . FIHE ix EAST TENTH Sraxar—A MAW HAOLT 9vmmu>.— brought honor to their country and credit to then-sen es day evening test, Mr. Gardiner Sherman in the chair. Between two and three o'clock on Sunday morning a fire for tbe well fought battle; with the Saxon foe, the Mr. P. P. Sackier was chosen Perpetual Secretary for the occurred in tho hoarding house of Mrs. Allison, No. 264 pealing notes of defiance which have been omitted f<omversary b y a regatta and excursion to Harlem river, on Saturday, the 30th inst., and a committee of three, con- sisting of Messrs. Hudson, Fackler and Cnro'.in, were appointed to .make the necessary arrangements. The members will assemble at 10 A. M. at Harlem Bridire, and thence proceed to boats to High Bridge, in the woods ad- ,ioin:ng which the oratorical, potatory, fumteatory andplace. The affair promises to be a very pleasant one ton Insurance Company. Thisclassgraduatedtwenty-niuestudentsIn1859. FTRKIKEASTFrFrraarrnSTREET—Between eightandto sloth.'' On them, in a great measure, tbe future honor and glory of our country may depend To them ia comingdajstheAmericanpeoplewillanxious?*look for the safekeeping of that proud position which we thisTHK ARSTAX EXHIBITION ATST. JOSWH'S t'Rsruxs ACA- nine o'clock on Saturday night a tin broke out in"acar- day enjoy. May their true nobility, ever look:ng to the!'KMI , East Morrisania, N . Y . , is announced to come off on the od of July, at three o'clock in the afternoon. The e x . ercises will be, as usual, of a highly .aterc=ting charac- ter .penter's shop, iu Fifteenth street. near avenue A, owned by Bessy h Tripler. The building was destroyed; toss on stock and building about $500. no insurance. Tho fire it is supposed was the work of an incendiary.future ami not to tbe past, b e y them op in their endea- vors to excel, and may they In the future, when the clarion note of war may sound, aad the booming of can- non be heard on ocean's depths, decorate themselvesGov. Manning and family, S. t'.; Mrs. R. 0. Stauard, Va., A. Cram, counsel for the defendant, ordered that the JXKSXV C m , Hvosox C m AND BUGLV Pounr Huaan I niied States corwue Cumberiand^^neh has been ormotion of the plaintiff be graxted to the extent following: that is to say, that the defendent within ten days amendRAILWAT.—Tbe Jersey City horse railway, extending dared from Portsmouth, N. H.. to New Y k. where she wilt he speedily equipped for fpwdroo daty. The Cumfrom the ferry at the foot of Montgomery street to the beriaad was recently nag ship of the Afr.can fleet.his answer, by stating the facts upon which he relies as above named places, has been fully completed, so far. toestablishing his title to or ownership of the drama refer- Bergen, and is now in perfect working order: and the Use A Chart of lnquirv into the circumstances attendingtbe teas of the steamer Wali.er te about to be held. It «« understood that the engines of the vessel, which were is excellent order, can b- sa.ed. Her topsnatware reported to be altove... ._, Tit* Comet.thatTillage. Itappearsthat.MissEstvhasbeentethehabit of going out in the afternoon to pick strawberries,taking with her a younger sister. On Saturday shestarted, as was supposed on a strawberry excursion, batdeclined the company of her sister. As she did not re-turnasusual,herfatherwentoutinsearchofher. Fail-ingtofindher,andfearing that shemighthavelostherself In the woods, he called upon his neighbors, andbytheiradvice the bells were rung, whichgatheredalarge crowd of people, who made a thorough search on Edward S. Guuld.—This suit was to test the right to I•any more immediately interested in the affair. It is body. I have obtained them as tettotn, — SaturdaynightandSundaythroughouttheneighborhood, leasehold property inClinton place,NewYork, sadof alsostatedthatthoselineswillreceive anextension intored to ia the answer, and also by striking out the defence of privileged publication, or by stating and numbering that as a separate and distinct defence, and inserting therein the facts which he claims render the publicationto Bergen Point will, in the course of a week or so, take its place amongst the others. These lines so intersect the various streets in Jersey City that it te calculated toSupreme BeforeHon.JadgeLeonard.leveral lines, a great boon has been conferred, v\hichthecommunityseemtoappreciate,asIsevidenced bythepatronagealreadybestowed. WhenBergenPoint lane te finished, the inauguration of all the lines, tt Is un- derstood,willbe dulycelebrated bythose of thecomTbe elements of tbe caenet hare been competed by e*« oftheassistantsatthe©aanbrt*-.Observatory,andcom- municatedbyhimtothetlnatuif_gj_, asfollow*—Court—Circuit Jr« 8B.-Je»q*B. randenotrt^ffirVm-yS*uflVteut observations h a w toeea made at the Ohsem- toryOfHarvardColkgetodeterminethetlementoofthaiM.OettMw.without finding the least trace of the missing one, and tome considerable value. It was tried once before, aadthe most melancholy forebodings are entertained by her went off on a point of tear. After considerable argument the rural districts of the country, to confer the same friends. Shecam*upfromMaineafewmonthssince. betweenMr.CConor,forplaintiffs,andMr.Noyes,for beneficialadvantagesoathepeopleastheydouponthe tad her parents supposed her to be contented sad happy,but withia a short time she has stated to a female compauion that she felt "homesick."Perihelion Passage,June16,lia.ttot. F hi,atWsfchaf- ton.I I Ii 1hV JIa1si*'iK tcrcsttotheprescnHime.Y\tllianaaburg City News.• Aransarr.—An interesting little child of John C. Stock- well, in WiBtettawuig, while Handing near the cbUrn. ac- cidentally fell into it and wat drowned before acsistaucecount be rendered.Consc C T B A HALLOO*—John A. Haddock, editor of theWatertownBtfarmor, aad teat winter a fapntyClerkof theAssembly,t-announcedtom.'keaballoonascension fromthepublicsquare,Wateitown,ontheFourthofJuly.Will you have the goodness to inform me, through yourvaluablecolumns,bowlongitshouldtakefo:thedelivery smalt teleseaaaa. Afterthem-nfullmoonit wOlb.»•«s~>St. Lawrence Hotel, corner of Broadway and Eighthstreet, as a bookkeeper. Forth* past two months the Tie C^ye-T tie—tie Mdrngry Jferttt^MMtJ 6 Vthree intoxicated:! was somewhat under the influence sity of her goitq: «-n a i'-ng journey, vfcich way posetbly re-cntlynegotUt*d betweea the t a . r*f«at'cs. ParttoaWe are Inform** ^ ^ ^ 0 ^ the grea' telescope at which this comfortable mode of travelling te Cambridge, ttteaaaiaattnaemtoao appesraaee **:te a* calculated to Insure. Ia the completion of the curious aad interesting as the Donat: comet te October,inhabitants of cities and towns. Such a desideratum, when carried into effect, cannot but meet with general aad jopular approbation.«« distance Longitude ef porrthetiond$f» .Mt^ » 'ft'H TFflillustrious predecessors in nsval glory. Those, combinei withtbemanyreminiscencesattachedtothe"boldCot- stitut-.cn,"whichduringherpresentcruisecannotfailterisible to tbe naked eye Mr. H. r*. TuttW fetor*»»- Terer) has atoo computed etemente, which agree wih* w» above. mmmmmmmm__ th, j^mueteaa* hadh>« ing coannwaKat k*._thatthecasemightborenewedbeforetheGeneralTerm. The Judge granted the motion for a stay.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069TlicballoontobearedtstheGanymede,formerly by lYofessor WisJPcwoodIfrtwww.fultonhistory.comthe island from tab} city,* i-UiaC-UBr A. 