 4•the MUrwing: To charter the Orange County Milk making altogether too free with tho apparatus of sands now bordering on despair. Let us trust thatthe slaveholders, generally, have been so long afraid 1,536; and the number is increasing each term in-real and fair competition on them. In getting up of their own shadows, that it is ho wonler that *•1s t|Iindulge, of highly-respectable old negroes in decentEven the Democracy of the North-West may miles by railroad to reach the point of shipment, raiment, ofunquestionable piety, and]of uncommon the Navy for full information in regard thereto, his the traders of Georgia, and Atlanta especially, fori25 per cent, the money requisite tobuy their homes; and if they could borrow it at that rate, years must elapse before they could paytit. For their produce can only be sold at low rates, and many of them have little to spare at any rate. If every over- due mortgage were foreclosed, and every debt pressed to execution, a full third of the People of the States west of the Wabash must be stripped of all they have. Many of them owed more in '57 than they do now, but they never had harder work to postpone debts or pay them than to-day.From thiB sea of troubles, tho Republican meas- ure of Free Lands proffers a present and palpable relief.. From the date of its passage, the poor squatter will no longer look forward to the ap- proaching land-sale for hia district as that which will either strip him of his home or compel him to hold it on an "article" binding him, on pain of for- feiture, to pay $200 with interest at 25 to 50 per cent to some greedy speculator. If his quarter- section has not already been sold, it is his without cost; if it has been, he can say to whoever holds the deed or mortgage over his head, " Turn me offu before the doors, blind passways leading into ad- very same machinists would have done the same be smuggled, and probably will be, but can hardly 14 joining houses, windows Opening from bar-rooms work at least twenty per cent cheaper had there be publicly disposed of when $500 must be paid for "into neighboring negro barber-shops, and other been a business-like management of the bidding. every time they are exposed in market overl;. We1friends, whom he Overbires. Hence t Ship to ex-Cov. Tno spurned the bribe.x THEsMf. Bowman h;is $tr. Rives for the e: to the mortification lead to a rival esta nopoly here. Tat fcave already orderccent in by the Pr> stalling the Houie last Congress, svhic purpose, secures -th Jiouse-which first dA CBMRl There is some discenes of disord- r man until a Speal enforce the rules, yras similarly electTH:A number of la tteaa men of New Organization, and {Sherman's electioiTHEThe lobby has b sessions from >><'vquence of bad workmanship or material.whatever is gained by it; contractors laugh in their sleeve at it, but take care to insist on an extra priceThe same Board have also audited, other bills of his, as follows:£Z- mSSSmmGSm•JSI*~ ~ ~ ~ |•For quarter eudiug Sep*. 80, Total for pine month*...1 • • • •i£nces, to press Senate.To ib.o Associated Pro . "WASIRichard Realf.'w day night with doo this morning exauiiConurdttee. He is Arrangements h .Senate and ExecutlOfficial dispatolu Cruz corJirming tb fortheLiberals.The advices Tece: to the recognition c expected soon to ta dent Buchanan f? raukir8, tightened t eucc.se, and pro* am*n^ the Beactioj ever, do not think i the aid -of Ame.-ic; geeted by Mr. BuclA number of r"?Iington as to the Government hasStates, but there sustain k,. nor w concurrence of Vrhohave gone, South may nave ojpectation'of a calif . Asrthe protest <m&esacre met wit protest of the 1* Juarez Goverume]©ur own.The official ad^about the coming Xooking to the xio mteiiereh.eethe report cum the fvrmer one. it| policy of Gabria the reactionistsA corious noticed, Forni« prison there, bnt punished, owingThe Postmaeie^ masters in Cats o t marked wit from 8t. XicuiM SMw-Oxieans b the peerage ia tancee between t{ Hale J.The Netr-On'4 frott The GtUvu•.The Spartans found out a use for tipsy Helots; j points Engineets to superintend, modify, and acceptand paraded them in their inebriate condition as a the work from day to day, and they should be heldwarning to little boys. W e think thaueven in New- responsible for its character. Much of this super-Orleans it might not be- unprofitable to try this intendence .now amounts to nothing; for whetherexperiment for the bonefit of ydung and old boys these officers attend to their duties or not, whethergenerally. The moral effect of a high y-intoxicated they understand and perform them or not, they terest it has in charge to put a stop to these ferry-i~The men who raise Wheat in Illinois and Minne-sota, who have voted yoar after year for a continu-ance of this one-sided trade with England, becauseeducated by demagogues to believe that without it ous to be mentioned! The story in The PicayuneKit opposes and defeats that policy. And this ques- established in New-Orleans. Man only drinks rum; Yards cost too much; and this is eq rally true of alltion is, for hundreds of thousands in the North- the Zambo drin?is rum; ergo, th0 Zambo is a manr •Works carried on for the improvement of the Yardsisfied with sending malefactors guilty of op nionsnot colored like their own into baniehment, or put-mous system of espionage as seems to have been established. W e here copy the lists as they stand in the colums of The Confederacy :BLA.CK LIST, OR 4JBOLITION" HOUSES.Lathrpp, Ludington & Co.; Phelps, Bliss k. Co.; CWHin, Mellen it Co.: Draper, Clark & Co.; Clapp & Kent; RuAhmore,Cone ii. Co.: S. B. Chittenden ic Co.; Arnold, Constablok. Co.; Cipperly, Hoover 4t Co.: Km»rson, Brewster & Co.; Bno, Bulen 4c Valentine; J. B. Jaflray St St n; Bead, Brothers & Co.; Bliss, Whc«lock& Kelly; Roberta, Rhodes «c Co.; Deforest, Armstrong &L Co.; Cumming, Simpson &. Armstrong; Sheldon, Hoyt&Co.; A. & F. Reed; Butler, Cecil & Ranson; Dibble*. Work&Moore;J.L.Seixas&.Bro.;Chapman,Lyoa&Norm; Blydenburgh k. Co.; B. P. Shaw; Converse, Todd & Co.: Cam- eron, Edwards & Co.; Newell, Harman it McDonald; Strang; Adriimce & Co.; Merrit, McNulty it Co.; Young 4c Lawrence.THE WHITE LIST,?OR ctfSSTITUTIOrTAI. HOUSES. Danes, Boyce ic Co.; Bell, Pace, Lavender & Co,.;. Johnson fc Hambleton; Johnston Sheppard &. Saundersj .George \V« ic Jehial Read; Brownson, olocuxn &Hopkins; Warren & Wilson; Garhart ii Bro.; Davis, Noble & Co.: R. T. McKay; Uotcnkiss, l'"enner it Bennett; Baldwin St Starr; Wm. Brayse it CoV; Lea- vitt, Toler it Co.; Allen, McLane it Buckley -. Duryee, Jaoque* it Co.; Samuel Roosevelt it Co.; Henrys, Smith it CPownse&d: H. E. Dibblee k. Co.; C. W. it J. T.Moore it Co.; lagoidsby. Halstead it Co-.s Bruff, Brother fc Seaver; Lymdh. tJwtai 4. Co. f Bette^NWrtls fc Co.: CarroK Herrick'ic'Mead; Wewron *. Cox; Ross it -Ballard; Lettoh Burnet it Co.;' Thorn Bros.; Cook, Dowd At Baker; W. G. Robinson ic Co.: E E.Stone it Co.; E. T. Hoyt; Curtis it Baker; Condict, Jeimings &.Co ; Longstreet, Bradford St Co.; Wolff, Dash it Fisher; Nertbv Sherman St Co.; L. B. Brown; Harral, Risloy & Kitchen.; Pratt, Oakley St Co.; Graydon, McCreery St Co.; Wm. Smith Brown; Johnson, Byrne i: Johnson; Atwater, Malford & Co.;Howes, Hyat St Co.jd he urged the ere pressing hi' HWBwmm Notice** THK BRfiATWMft 0RGAS8.> miand MO all the State* thea existing beyond the ported. France had full crops, and being oloee at not with his own hand* do execution aiid flagellate of plans, or the exigencies of service, and those curial spirit oiVefferson, or the indignant ghost ofJ. *. #rA»ro*»>»OUT* TAXAST>JLjur 8r»<n>tc« FtMt DaMUftM or T»m;BjXUBUA.V*KOK*Oft»Ane.WWOH—>T»r to fc*»W.it» hmttsc, BaUamU Oion arebrooe-t la 4faM* eaniact with Ua* liadnx BMoabnuoM of ~« Ttm^Bzwrtbtol **>&••,mad~1th*-AircStoof to Lan-.IgfionT rVrmr Csatx TTHB* OiiTt TAX U TAXJU.* Sort Tbrnt, Cough*, Colic, infUmmattoBL. Dyieatory, k». •:fcrmx*AX.PAW*GAXXOTExxrr.-iratK»»Oun TAX -inns*.tliaiinnHTii, Kearftlgift, Sprmia*, BrdU—, Bunu, Ita.JiML8to&r*$Irommmd&apkm'F»*ion " PvrifycmA lUmilaitee At Wood,Str•»?tfcm tin Diomtm* Oromto,X«wi RtyiiUu* all th* Sterttiom*.AM. Ufcutrated Cizenkar. containing tnwMaiftnltli Croat, Gxoxea LAX, e«q., 5UI-»Y., NVW-York.Snutox DxAFfefc, ««q.. Banker, N«-w-York.IULAC V . Foirurx, «*q., ?o«taxa*t«z, New-York- Ysrcxxo- W m , «•»;, Albany.G*n. D m Gxxxx. Wuhixuton, D. C.CoL SAM'I. COLT, Hartford, Conn.CoL CXA*. MAT , TJ. S. A. TH»&«*.£J>-WAX3>BKIOKT, S«wT«A./ Ta«Re-. Dr. Lxo!tAX»,.ExAtac,K.lI-/'Yke R*v. 0*3F. A- Sracxnro, Batternats, H. X*Aad a l*rg» nomb*r of otbor prominent persona. IU.C*TXATBD Cixcci—x rxxx * T MAIL.cessfuEy compete.The British import of Indian Corn has also largely,diminished, though that of Cotton has increased a half million of hundred weights. American Clover- seed has also been taken in much less quantity, and so through most of the long schedule. France, Russia, Prussia, with all the other German States, protect the labor of their citizens against the deluge of British goods which formerly stripped them of gold and kept them allpoor; yet these countries pour into the British islands an untold value of agricul- tural products. They are taken of necessity, because these islands cannot raise food enough to feed their population. England pays to foreign countries an average of $8,000,000 a month for fo«d. To Europe, though close at hand, she pays in gold. T o this country she pays in cloth and iron, which are brought here a distance of 3,000 miles, at our expense. Gold never reachesns in payment for food: unless forced here by the extremity of famine abroad: Yet, though pajing for American food in trade, England take* infinitely less from us than fromthosecountrieswhich,refusetradeandexactwhat she can get nowhere else—Cotton, Rice, negro, and that Slavery keeps him pure and un- vessels built at each of these places. This excess ibition. , ' -C DrxxAa, Proprietor.SreoER's SEWIK«-MACHINES.. &*.% Bewtac-MschineKe. 1 B*wint-M»ohiBe T4el^iai>y8ewfcaf-Maohl«>*,A, The FanaTy Sewtag-Maohlnement at finding that Slavery does not promote a virtue so common as that of sobrietyJand of course does not promote sundry other virtues too numer-rious that it costs more to build ships-of-war at Nor- folk than elsewhere, yet there the most tunnage is always built. I t would be interesting to know what is the actual cost of each of the new steamers ajided to our Navy within the past few years; yet, in answer to inquiries addressed to the Secretary ofCostwruev,BSOWOKITIA,Ctvexa,Be*x TKROAT, AATKKA,Ohio,Illinoisexcepted. Thiswasa!personalrathe* than a political triumph; for not only did Indiana* Illinois and Michigan prefer Polk to Clay ia '44, but Gen.Taylor, popular as he was, lost every State Korth-Weat of the Ohio in '48. Phongh ©tooted, he carried none of the Statea font ed from the Na- tional Domain; and none of theatj voted for Gen.Scott in 1852.In 1856, Col. Fremont recei'tjed the votet ofOhio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa—38 in all— bnt lost those of Indiana and Illinois—24. Since then, Minnesota has come intoj' the Union and Kansas is coming, swelling the Electoral vote of the North-West in 1860 to 69—^ number which will be raised in '64 above 100 by ithe Census about to be taken. The North-West will thenceforth be the strongest division.of the Confeleraoy.In the Presidential Election at iand, the Repub- licans will certainly carry a larger majority both of the Popular and the Electoral Yc tea of#the North- west, and m<ty carry the whole, If they nomiaatojudiciously and canvass thorough!), they may sweep every State between the Ohio and the Missouri.roystering beasts. , ( j &nydoubt in the premises. The Department ap- tempt? Or supple the sage should confrontBmonre OTLmrw,CATA*JLX, __ C«ocs\No, no ! Such doings can soever be pomitted. Every Southern Legislature owes* it to the great in-WK«orta« COV«X.*V*Wti50''Ottre Tar, » ceata per bottle, or 71 ceutab? mail, poatpaid.j W d e ^ $ l * package, and neoharee for,?•*»€•: Addreaa toe Outside of the Federal offices, there is no Demo-r bloated, and blundering negro may possibly scare of preferment to a better station. But the Secre- Torquemada, Benedict Arnold, and a few others, even the white men of New-Orleans into sobriety. tary does rot give us the figures. It has been might probably be admitted, duty-free, without W e must admit that the disclosures made by stated in the newspapers that vessels' hulls can] be danger. But then there is no telling how far they T/tePicayune areratherdisheartening. Wehave builtinPensacolafor34percentlessthanatNor- may,havefallenaway from grace inthe other been told that Freedom alone is dangerous to the folk, and that this has been done in the two last world. The only safe policy is one of Total Pro-hx.tr* T A X CO., NO. SI* Broadwty, Now-Yark.THE BinaJSGTOX HAWK^EYE. an independent to Senator Douglas for guidance and inspiration, the gold. In fact, she takes nothing from us butJt»M>Micaa Jonraal, now la ita twentytUra y«-«r. U publl»hed and his Democracy is hardly mow acceptable to the T>iuiT. Semi-Weekly, and Weekly, and drculates largely in dark Power which is now riding the National low*. IDtaoto, and N«bra«ka.Tobacco—and could she obtain these elsewhere, polled. We have seen frightful dteqkusitions upon of cost on about 3,000 tuns of shipping amounts toA GRA TUITOUSThe Daily Southern Confederacy, published atAtlanta, Georgia, has a leading artie'e entitled " White and Black Lists," in which it denounces certain parties named in what it Calls its Black List as Republicans, ircendlaries, and enemies ofthe South, whom no Southern man should deal with; and it avows it* purpose to dog and watohS. M. Pjfrnxotr.x. «i Co., Agent*, New-York and Boston.Democratic party to perdition thjan that of Jeffor-son, Seward or Trumbull. Wo h»Vo believe the Slidells,Iversons, Currys, Alabama Pugb.8, and Wises who now direct the political machinery of the South, if they shall ever be compelled to ohooea between the election of Douglas to the Presidency and that of a Republican, will take care that the successful can- didate shall at all events not be Douglas.she would require all balances to be paid in, gold, enormous as they would then become.ihe excesses of the free colored men and women in about $77,000—enough money to build the hull of Northern cities. What then mufiit be our astonish- a fifth ship of nearly half this tunnage. It is noto-A»VJERTI»BM«rVT.craticpartyintheNorth-Westbu:;thatwhichlooksHaeaaaiBg 0«.aje«..........v................••.•«.••I. M. Saraxx k Co^ No. 458 Broadway, N. Y. «o. ISO Pulton-*., Brooklyn.IMPOKTANTTOTAILORSANDOTHERS.The Ororsx Jc Baker Sewing.Machine Company have jn*t ia therefore be regarded as revolters from the domin- and three thousand more by water before reaching virtue. The gentleman with forty-two drunken4there would be no market for grain; these men for-dissipates these dreams in which some weak onesget that their grain must travel one to two thousanddares to have any business intercourse with any iRpeed, with lateat inrpxo-vemeots. Prto« $50. For aale at No. be nominated _at Charleston on any platform that France and Germany, which has traveled but a erated; and we can fancy the tears in his eyes as he Bureau of Construction, Equipment and Repairs firm included in its "Black List." The-way introdaoed a new and •nperior ShntUe-fiXachiae, large alxe, high ion of the Slave Power. For Mr. Douglas cannot England, where it is met face to face by grain from ; niggers" upon nis hands is really to be commis- it for the press. The reports and estimates of the405 BToadway.Nvw-Yock, and No. 182 Fulton at., Brooklyn.yo-rfKmi.v3L A. WiT.smt's SRWIXQ MACHINES. ***We prefer them far family oae."—[Trihone.which it proposes to proceed we give in its own conscious disgrace; and, if he could be, the South race of competition ! And how is it possible for tunes. If we were in his place we think that we this Department being managed on the principle of words:" We are pobted upon the Black houses as well as th* Whitewould bolt and he would get the vote of no Slave American agriculture to live under it? Four thou- should invest our money in somethit ' that did not a close corporation. , lio-iuti. And if we know any merchant receiving goods Without the ttencil mark <i the concern from which ne buys, we shall""the sail and steam power, and the equipments of every vessel built, rebuilt, or repaired, together with the balance-sheets of the chief manufacturingGeorgia are compelled to ad in the matter, and let us commence with th-t most potent of a'l interests, the mercax-tUe interests." The names of houses found under the BI,ACK LIST, we know are steeped and saturated in Sewardism, Browniam Oreeleyism, iJelperism, and incendiaritua. If they are not. let them deny it onderoath before the world, and say who they supported for President in 185C."Those found in the Whit* JJit are sound, Constitutional houses, and a majority of whem ore Southern born and Southern raised, and are yet interested in the institutions of the South. It i» of theso men that the merchants of Georgia and the South should buy their goods. Public sentiment, as well as their duty »4 good and loyal citizens of a slaveholding community, wiu prompt them to this act."«*They are the f»Torite« for f*mHiea.T'—[Time*.Office, No. 506 Broadway, New-York.FIRE PROOF SAFES.State. And, while we anticipate the nomination at sand miles to reach a market already glutted, drink, or at least drink nothing stronger than water. Charleston of some Breckinridge, Hunter or Joe when by simply changing their votes they couldCongress should require that the cost of the hull, then announce the trick and the merchant. The people ofSTXAXMS ic MAxrtx'aW ru>xx PATXXT SALAXATOXK SAVK.• Seventeen and a b*lf yeaw in iaae.—Of Twt>Jve Thooaand HoldLane, in whose behalf electoral tickets will be run create a better one at their own doors ! That theyOUR NA V AX POJLICY.he could stand before the country upon without tenth of the distance from Minnesota. What a assured the editor of T/«« Picayune of his misfor-are alwayB very brief and general—the affairs ofand a vigorous canvass made throughout the North- cannot live under such a condition of things, andte oail aod etaiiiLDo the Certifies.*** of «ome oi the moat reapect- West as elsewhere, we judge that he has but an thrive, is everywhere manifest. The coin of the for an increase in the Navy ? Secretary Toucey branches, showing the net cost of the work pro-JCO have been te^ed In accidental firea. • W e invite Purchaser*able Finns in the Coamry.A large aMortment for aale at the No. 40 MUXXATST., Naw-YoKK.even chance to carry Indiana, half a chao.ee for Il- country, which ought to be kept among UB is fast wants more new steamers, and proposes to rob duced in the different Navy-Yards, should be printed linois, and no chance at all for any other North- leaving us; while the grain, that we do not want, Peter to pay Paul in order to get them. He ciphers annually with the Navy Estimates presented to western State. If he is elected, it must be by the cannot be made to go. Every ounce of gold pro- it out that the last twenty which have been added Congress and circulated to all the Navy-Yards. solid vote of the South, the seven electors on the duced in California last year has been exported, and to the Navy will have cost the Treasury next to Then it could be seen where the money goes, and Pacific coast, and such aid as the money of the $30,000,000 more. We are importing at the same nothing, " if Congress shall contini e the policy of whether it was properly expended, and who de- cottonized brokers and dry-goods men of the At- insane rate, and will need all the gold crop of the " suspending improvements in the Navy-Yards and served blame or credit of its expenditure. If thisHERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPIONFinn and Bcxaiax-Pxoo' SATXS,Whh HxlPa Patent PowdeT-PTOof Locka, Afford the greeteat aeoarity of any Safe In the woaid.Who the dirty agent of this print in this city ii we do not know, nor do we care to ask; we prefer FINKLE&,LYON'S SEWINGMACHINESre- lanticcitiescanbuyintheoldseaboardStates. yeartopayforwhatwebuy,andanother "restrictingtheappropriationforequipmentandwereTdone,andtheotherreformswehaveindicatedtohayenoknowledgeofsuchvermin.WhetherS. C, U*MJUHQ fc. Co.,• No. 251 Broadway, opposite City H»n, N. Y.•etwed the Idgheat Medal at the Fair of the American Inatitnte, Even the Democracy of the North-West refuses the 44 repair during the next fiscal year.' The vessels were also adopted, we think it would not be r.cces- he is acting with the knowledge or in the interest\ANOTHER 1Mr. Douglas's de proposed bill protect intended as a bid io object Hia whole cast on the first balkiere will fall below i delegates from the £ overruled by.the acti made to vote solid, las men, he wiil hav< Convention.THE Hj.n The Mashalship ifend much soughtwith the Ucbeat preraiom for fine "Sewing Machine work ; aUo Tii|hnrt premlma at the Fafr of the FranxUn InaC, New-Jerawy Btate Fair, etc, etc Afeate wwoted. Office, No. 308 Broadway.$30,000,000 beside! W e gathered up and sparednew doctrines of the Slave Power, whereby Popu- that sum last year; but will the stock in the nation cost nearly $5,000,000, and more tl an $3,000,'000 eary to suspend all legitimate improvements in our of these parties thus, advertised in the so-calledlar Sovereignty in the Territories is tranjformed bear another similar diminution without an explo- have been retainod in the Treasi rv during the Navy-Yards, and restrict economical repairs of our "White List," of course we are unaware. But As STAXXS'B CXXXIOAXJUC PxarAXxn Ox.cs does, in every into popular impotency; and, even if they should sion somewhere ? The Government already feels present fiscal year, and the balance of the amount present ships, in order to have funds wherewfth to inasmuch as this business has been undertaken, allSTICK,TO IT.DepotNclttPolton-st., New-York.Txos. Joxxaoy, Agent.' BPALDrsG's PREP ARED GLUE.. Uanroi. rx XTXXT Hovax. Fon SALX ETaxrwHKXx.IKMBdaetered by H. C. SrAU>u» k Co., No. 43 Cedar-st. Peai-OSoe addre—, Box No. 8.600.hereafter accept those doctrines, the only conse- and staggers under the weight of a general financial may be retained the next year by this policy. This build the new ones that may be necessary the parties concerned shall have the benefit of a quence would be their own depression into a mere nightmare. It is running in debt at the rate of novelmede of raising money by"retsining" itis only would our annual Navy Estimates range at about more extended notice than they can possibly get meager and hopeless minority. $30,000,000 a year, anl is fast sinking to the pitia- equaled b^ Secretary Cobb's system of enlarging one-JiJVi the sum appropriated by Great Britain for through the obscure, columns of The Confederacy.wmm~^~•^••BB—•ii • '•«••! BM •••in •' i •• •«••••—• ^•••••ii" •• saasMMBARRY'S, TRICOPHEROUS• MMmust increasingly exercise, a commanding influence over the political action of the North-West; and thatinfluenceenurestothebenefit of theRepubli-of shin-plasters.CONVrriAX CHJLTTJBIi«.The truth is, business ability is sadly wanting in the conduct of our Naval affairs.. The Department doesnotknowhowto get its money'sworth from its employees and contractors, or else it does notIsthebeatandcheapestarticleforDressing, Beantifying, Cleansing, Carting.PreservinK and Beatering the HaLr.JUsUax, try it. For sale by DmggiaU and Perfnmera.BATCHILOR'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEESaaxrlvaled. They are light, eaay, dnrable, and fit to a ohenn. Ho ahshildag nor tonring op behind. BATCHBI^R'S HAIR DYX,So it seems that the precautions of Southern ern Democrats sustain the policy of Free Home- unsatisfactorily the subject of ethnological investiga- care to do so. We have shown that the day-pay Legislatures do not stop at the frontiers of theirFor the Public Land question is exercising, and ble level of the old Confederation—a Government the revenue by premiums on loans.the increase and maintenance of her monstrous Navy, numbering ten ships to our one.AN JBMJBABGO ON GHOSTS.We will give them the advantage of a gratuitous advertisement to 260,000 subscribers and a million of readers. And we wish to emphasize the notice by stating further that we will pursue the business of giving the utmost publicity in our power to these scoundrel efforts to damage the trade or coerce theIbe heaThithe world; th» only bezmlese and reUaole Dye known. SfjBimi at the Factory, removed to No. 16 Bond-et.Itovented Oreratriag Graxd Piano by letter* patent, dated De- Its crops have, in most localities, been very light demands *sharply the correction of those who, for '* tions to all the Navy-Yards estabhshing a uniform the return of spirits from the vasty deep to vjx the •eaaberM,18»0LHaving aacertataed that several Piano mantdactureri have Ixte- for three years past, and have nevertheless sold at the sake of filthy fips, suffer so much private prop- **system of organization and management adapted survivors. We told our readers a day or two ago Xyccanaenced making Overstring Granda, we herwby notifyknexa to desist, as we ihaU prosecnte any infringement ou our low prices. The settlers have suffered by flood and erty to fuddle itself upon their premises. " Com- '' to insure economy, efficiency, andjresponsibility." how Dr. Redman of this city, a gentleman engaged Mteut at the full extent of the law.STXSXWAT k Soxa, Noa. 82 and 84 Walker-st., N. Y. frost and devouring insects. They were tempted, ," plaints," says The Picayune," "of masters are But we do not believe a dollar will be saved by in the ghost-trade, as distinguished from the kpirit- L>R.MARSHcontinnestoapplyhisRADICAL threeyearssince,toborrowmoneyatusurious *'almostunanimousoftheruinoftheirservantsby these"**instructions"wherethereshouldbetwentybnsiness,hadhisbusinesscutupatMontgomery,EWest, paramount to all others. That seotion is A melancholy article in The P'icayune bewails the and for the repairs of vessels in which day labor is ting them to the torture or to death, by statute law4We hereby inform the pnhlic that we hareaeenved our newly- seeing hard times—hard even for a new country* bacchanalian lapses of the man-merchandise, and used. The Secretary says he has jissued inatruc- or lynch law, they prohibit, under heavy penalties,STEINWAY .&. SONS' PATXMT OTXX*TBIS« GXAX» PIAXO«,all appoiirtme Charleston, and end*Ccxx Tan** with aaceesa, in effecting permanent oures ot Her- nia or Rupture, at No. 2 Ve«ey-«t. LadMs waited upon by a fe- BtaJe in prfvate rooms. Also, Txvsax* of every description for pvnsweot retention of Rapture, Bathing Trusts, Supporters, Saealder-Bracea, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elartio Stockinas,JKneeCaea, AnxJeu, and all Surgical appliances scientifically myotot*. by MAXSH k Co., No. 2 \ esey-st., N. Y.rates to invest in lands; and those lands will not pay the mortgages upon them. They have dipped heavil) into Railroads, and are sadly out of pocket thereby. There are sections in which need has driven the majority to such desperate resorts as" this unholy business." Tho supreme judicial by a reformation of the spendthrift system of em- the capital of Alabama, by the action of the Legis- tribunals of Louisiana, as we are! informed, with ploying labor which prevails. The saving of money lature, then—happily for the peace of Southern that tenderness for constitutional toddy which many should begin at the Secretary'^ desk; and it would institutions—in session. This worthy gentleman, it other Courts have displayed, have decided tha be well forCongress to issue some rules for his seems, was in the full tide of prosperity, having a " the law of the last Legislature prohibiting tho sale guidance in letting contracts. Let us see how Mr. lively demand for the articles of his traffic, when " of liquor to slaves" is altogether unconstitutional Toucey might have "retained" money enough for the Conscript Fathers of Alabama took the alarm,After this, of course, toddy sticks struck up a tri at least one such steamer as he recommends to. be and, though a Free4rade State, imposed a pro- umphant tattoo, and in spite of certain municipa built in greater numbers: hibitory duty on tho importation of ghosts, whetherTAKE NOTICE—Ye that have Rheumatism, SoreThroats, Mumps, Tootbacbea, Headaches, Pain in the Liuibi, stay-laws and repudiation. Their currency is ofBack, and Ch«it. that Dr. TOBIAS'S Wonderful VXXXTIAS LIXI-x«rr wiil positively cure you. Price 25 and 50 cents. Sold by course dilapidated or invisible. Tens of thousandsfcUDrggaMs.~ ~ ~ QATaacTY's MEDICATED PAPER.People are loudly proclaiming the virtues of OATx-rrr'* Mxnv SMTXnPATXX,'or<ne.water-closet.Itis»»uresureandpra- ^•nUve of Pnae. For sale, in convenient packages, by all drug- M**s,,•*mxncey-g«ecods dealer* itc Depot*, No. 41 Aan-st., and No. 44D Breadwmy.POSTAGE STAMPS (3 and 10 cents), for sale athis Office.are living as rquatten; on quarter-sections whichthey cannot pay for, and which anybody may buy overtheirheads.Theycouldnotborrow,evenatdreadfulextent."Blinds,"saysThePicayum,of-warcost,intheaggregate,$851,000.Now,theendtoaillegitimatedealingsinthem.TheymayMONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1860.Twe 3fxw-Yoxx DAILY TRIBOKI ia pabUahed vnncjnaetxdng *md Svenms;—(Sundays excepted)—the morning edition if dettrared te City Subscribers at 12* cents per week.CBASLEX G. OXXX, New PostrOffice Building, is an Agent for ihe «-e of THXTxianxa in BAXTTOXO, Conn.T» BusingM JI«a.The circulation of THZ WEEKLY TRIBUNE hasreached the enormous number of 3 # £ * 0 O 0 copies, and is the very best medium tbraugh which advertiiwra can reach all part* of the world. It has a very large circulation among country mer* tthaate, and ia mvaiuable medium through which wholesale mer- eheata can reach country Dealers. Advertisements imterted at'#1 per line. 'lir^Ipvr'e Xmp«nsti»K Criaia of the Month,." the unholy business." One unhappy Abraham, pleted of such sums is. this: Bidders are required to comparison.with a flock of sheep numbering eighty, finds that furnish plans and specifications, and make a bid on But we stand by the legislators of Alabama. to sink their manhood and sell their principles at forty-two of his tender charges have betaken them- the same, and on no other." They are neither in- They knew perfectly well what they werei about, the bidding of the slaveholding aristocracy, or their selves to the flowing bowl; and the same patriarch,sitting down to review his pastorate, reckons " that nor on the plan that may be adopted, but each bids fainted by a transient visit to the North, ifctat the folded, is to be abridged or injured at the South," of the whole of the male servants he has owned on bis own plan. The result is there is no true and public safety demands that he be forbidden ever to it should be more than made good at the North." during the past twenty years, more than one-half legal competition, but tho successful planner and return, how much more dangerous to herj peace And if merchants of New-York City connive at suoh" have died from ddirium tremens." It must be ad- specifier takes the work at Ms own price. This is must be a ghostly visitant who has actually re- practices as we now expose, let them reap the just mitted that this does not bespeak a very vigilant very well understood by wide-awake contractors, turned from the other world, and whose opinions results of ther meanness and folly. As we have crook, and we can but commiserate the poor crea- who have not failed to profit by.it during tho last may have been damaged by the company he has already said, we know nothing of the veracity of tures so carelessly, or at least so unskillfully tehdoo\ two Administrations. When plans and specifica-. been keeping there, and who, at any rate! can be the lists here published. Of course we hold ourselvesThe pastors of Louisiana are much to blame. tions with bids have been received by the Depart- neither flogged, tarred and feathered, nor hanged ? ready to correct any errors into which we may Suppose that horses should suddenly manifest, an ment, they are referred to Boards of Examination If an Abolitionist, or a Free Negro, be such fearful have been led by our Southern cotemporary.pro-ride for the assessment and payment of the damages occasioned by the Quarantine incendiaries, was re- ported upon fevorably. A bill was reported to Con- tinue the Commission on the Claims of the Soldiers of the "W^ir of 1812. Adjourned till Monday evening.Products, Live Stock, & c , into the kingdom forthe nine months ending September 30, 1859.returns present some curious figures for the consid- eration of American readers, especially for the men who raise Wheat and Corn, and who were told thattioned by The Picayune ? Asserting his right to put into this machine of his whatever he may consider tofishes of the Treasury. Jt Bhould be overhauled by whose counterfeit presentiment used to strike terrorttsrirt, which for 9 terms a year makes $6,912, or $31,293 for Jury fees alone; all for services for which .$2,000 would be ample remuneration. H e also receives $1 50 for each inquest before the33COrder* for the cheap edition of Helper's Compend " if you will; I can take up a new quarter-section eoatione to increase. We are now able te Bupply 41 without payment, and feel that it is mine beyond orders the day they are received. Price 25 cents each, ''contingency and forever." Free Homesteads either for a single copy or by the quantity. If sent byduty of his owner to,keep him from wandering into bid before him, and he is bound to accept it, if not shadows struck more terror into the heart of Rich- fees for serving summons and returning writs in drug-shops ? And are the bipedal herds of New-Or- grossly fat beyond precedent. The merit of the ard Crookback than could the substance of ten private suits amount to a large sum, and he re- leans to be left to a drunken destiny? Cannot the plans thus selected may be deemed doubtful, par- ceives 50 cents for each cause on the trial calendaraa-il, eight ceata each in addition is required to prepayLKCWLATIRE. SJCKATZ, Jan. 21.—Not in aewton.thousand men, we cannot seo that the Solons of$100,000 to aid the People's College; to commute the•entemce of Mary Hartnng, who poisoned her husband be fought off even for a single year longer.GBJLIN A N D G O I O .mustnotbe muddled? that certain nerves are nis and must not be unstrung ? that certain stomachs are his and must not be ruined? that a certain bodythey should be afraid of other people's.vx Albany, to imprisonment for life; to amend the Ke- vised Statutes, so as to repeal thoec laws upon which the Judges of the Court of Appeals based their decis-formidable to the Domestic Institutions of thePleas, each term, $1,295, which at 9 terms in thehope by industry and frugality to pay. A new life wouldbebreathedintothetrade, the agriculture, of that noble region; there would be hope on the" two" dissipated parcels of property, make amoral appeal at least to the keepers of these secret sym- posiac cells? May he not represent with perfectalways certain under this system.for suffering under the same Pneumatbphobia—if Men of straight-forward, business habits, when, we may borrow a word of our friend Mr. Byles's they have work to let, get their plans and specifica- invention, signifying the fear of ghosts. Indeed,the income derived from this source from the fol- lowing facts:—The number of causes for trial in the Court of Common Pleas is now 2,590; in the Supreme Court, 2,828; in the Superior Court,Hovsz, Jan. 21 —Among the billa introduced were horizon and joy in the hearts of hundreds of thou- justice to these profligate poisoners, that they^are tions prepared beforehand, and invite bidders to aA*«>«ation with a capital of $100,000; appropriating this great measure of benignity and justice cannot his business? that certain brains are his own and their plans, they sometimes call upon architectsstead of diminishing.Indeed, we can hardly imagine a man more The Sheriff therefore receives from the CommonThe Legislature of Nebraska adjourned on Fri- they couldn't begin to supply enough of either for unfulfilled? May he not say, after the debaucherybad enough if he should content himself with sum ernment to receive bids on separate plans and spe- moning to tho presence as thoy livod, or [died, th Islaves who have perished under the scourge, or acome from Jury trials. > In addition to the sums paid him by the suitors, his quarterly bills, audited by the Board of Super- visors, for drawing and summoning jurors and mak-day night, the 13th, at 12 o'clock. There was not the foreign market Of Wheat and Flour, England: uffitient strength in either House to paw the imported from all countries what is equal "to 1 made my boot-brushes, my saws, my spades, mySlavery bill over Gov. Black's veto, and it was no 9 gain brought up for consideration.6,541,254 barrels in 1859, while in the-same ninemonths of the year before she took 7,332,411 bar- ' *porker of David. You have been selling whisky to price of machinery for naval vessels; that is, the throttlod by bloodhound?, or shot with rifles inNOBTBUWEMT.rels. Of this vast importation, the quantity she took from us in 1858 was a trifle over a hundredth"my tables and they are notspread, to my flooraandrequiring of machinists to guarantee their workghastly crowds, defying tlieir murderers to harm$3,724 40 8,059 U 8,038 80$19.8.1 9*"they are not swept, to my dinner and it is not fhe Western States either in 1824 or 1828; Henry 1859, she took only-fourth as much as she did in " Sir, I will not endure it!" Of course, hewill not.them further. This sight could not be pleasant,Gen.greater, while of Flour the quantity was doubled. France, in fact, supplied England with more than a third of all the Wheat she bought last year, andenforce a private Maine Law—to tap the barrels, to shiver the decanters, to smash the tumblers, to con-It is clear from these offioial figures that his in- things, the consequences might be too dreadful to confe from the County Treasury and jury fees be endured. Imagine him describing nis magic amounts to at least $60,000, and that the eerweejslso the votes of Kentucky and Tennessee.garrison, a veteran pioneer, associated with thefounders of the North-West in their early strugglestad trials, w-ct-er of peace or war, carried in-'36 | with nearly 90 per cent of all the Flour she Ld-fiscate the spoons? Deserted by the law, may hie chinery of several Bteamers. It is impracticable to circle around the Capitol at Richmond, and calling should not cost over $3,000. The other fees j»aid J1858, in spite of the low prices ruling here. But from Russia the import was a third greater than inShould the dispenser of illicit toddies still maintainia '44, Ohio alone of all the States carved out ofthe National Domain voted for him, though he had 1858; from France, of Wheat, it was one-half the injured proprietor immediately to enact and toServing summons in exciM o»*e» Serving »ttmn»ns in excise oaw«.."--'^...••1,58.1 91 2,184 94.TheseCongress, and we are surprised that the late Inves- be wholesome—to feed ita furnace and to fill its tigating Committee did not discover it to be the trueinto our hearts, as it stood rubric at the corners ofregulations, the animals were rum-and-watered to aThe machinery of the seven small steam sloops- assorted or otherwise, which we fear must put an"devices are resorted to'in order to escape the This saving would have amounted to $170,000, " vigilance of officers or masters." Many of the which should build and equip a steamer of 1,000 finest and most expensive chattels are "ruined by tuns. The system by which the Treasury is de-thinkthat the most stringent opponents of the Spirit- trade never suggested asking $500 for a lie* nse for a single day! The Maine Law is merciful in theTo these lists we invite the scrutiny of all cor readers who have mercantile interests in New-York. They will repay study. If the trade of Republican merchants in this City, or of men who do hot chcoteboiler as he may think best, may he not reasonablydeprecate intermeddling ? May he not plead hisin*vestment lost, his affairs deranged, his contracts be forbidden bylaw for any Department of Gov-of one of his instruments: "Sir, for sixpence youcifications. .Another practice unnecessary increases the*mortar-hods, or my curry-combs as drunk as the.the stake, who have been starved in cane-brakes, oring official returns, are as follows:For quarter ending March SIFor quarter euding June 80.• • * * • t • 1 • ( • • * •for several months after a ship goes into commis-John Qumcy Adams received the vote of none of part of the whole, say some 75,()00 barrels; yet, in " cooked, to my letters and they aro not delivered. sion, and to pay for all ropairs required in conse- but it could be borne by men who had looked on the*•*•••*<TBUEClay in *22 had the vote t>f his own Kentucky only;his Helicon of hell-broth, will it not be the duty of.;Zr^^^Si4''>TK^^f^^Wjm«assKis.-j)•v^/* Mrt'.-K"hand, pouredhersurplus into England at pricea theoffending dealer, We commendthiscourse to occurring from ba3 workmanship *nd mater|al; Wythe,totellGipr-Wisewhat they thinkof himI with which countries more distant could, not sao- the unfortunato gentiemau the owner of forty-two j and of course the contractor takes ifce benefit of Could he have survived their indignation and con-. \••• .C":•<'*^;vV-W.-•i •.'$ «*<What kind of a policy is this which is proposedcans. True, Mr. Douglas and other North-West-steads; but their party does note on the contrary, tion and of biblical exegesis, has been oddly enough system of labor makes all vessels built in the Navy- States, or even at the brink of the grave. Nc t sat political action of our merchants by such an infa-The humanity of the black biped, 80 long and sovited nor permitted to bid on each other's plans,if a free negro, a native of the State, becomes sotool*, by such hateful practices as are herein un-inevitable passion for grog! Would that ostler be for approval or disapproval—the price being left adversaries that too severe laws cannot be do|vised todeemed blameless who allowed his equine ward to for the consideration of the Secretary; but, unless eliminate or extirpate them, how much mojre terri-pass his time and destroy his usefulness and ruin ho shall reject the written verdict of his Board, ble must be a disembodied spirit, for whom! the se-his health in bar-rooms ? Suppose a. dog to be so how can he avoid accepting the bid ? He has verest laws have no terrors, and who migh,t have a official services, and commissions on all amountsBy the fee bill the Sheriff is entitled to fees for mad as to pant for styrchnia. Would it not be the practically but one plan and specification and one very unpleasant way of speaking its mind! If collected by execution and an attachment. His^would very soon reduce the rates of interest currentintheNorth-Westtofigureathatanhonestmanmight gentlemanwhomournstheconvivialitiesof"forfcv- ticularlyasthesuccessofthefavoritebidderis Montgomeryarejustlychargeablewithcowardice eachterm. ThepubliccanformsomeestimateofThe British Government published, laBt month, is his and must not be sent to "the drunkard's the unique contract system of our Navy Depart- Agrippa, who bears the cabalistic name and stylo $1,414 each term, which for 9 terms a year makes ions against tenants in Anti-Rent cases. The bill to complete returns of the imports of Agricultural "•grave"—a place of sepulture pathetically men- ment as a machine for distributing the loaves and of Doctor Redman. Can he be the Rod Man $12,726; from the Superior Court, $768 each--«-m mSmmmm^mexcept by a legislate thattheyamount toleast sufficient to ju*' official counsel in th* vent an inquiry into. this Winter that inn and we rely upon y.unnecessary waste it tJaquea, who is. oh #•• tkat.the matter is pr<Republish elee«i narrative of the exp^;(Virginia, who was la crime £f having an )!. Journal somewhere a the reader to it ft/: sh»me)e«R outrage n offending Christian m xtdtaviord,orau at i&amenable to critic;; ter, is proved. Such public mind that is pi•belief. Are 'these IU the Ioce of out.vM to know what Virginia, under Govi-j an earnest desire t<> < to come and settle <<nlards. Has she cb-.-.n her design to drive.( fceen attracted tbifbfrcmigTatkrt ? Orif to i>e designed or not, *-u such unprovoked ar.<i which we refer. If inoffensive as the nia scribedbyburcorns in'.Virginia, who u Jsorthern birth acd h ca*e purely with r» ie •rests, and not in the ', i)y a contemplation which demands justi ibr every man guikit5FHfclLA WG-NETIFrom• Special Dispatch to Th«]negro, stationed in the bar-room of th J St. Charles make fair reports, as it is their interest to do. ItHotel might be very great. The j>lly preacher is difficult to see why the Government should [notmight thus save from swallowing n any a cotton be able to guarantee what it has itself supervised much of the laws and customs, that dead men tell crop, many a plantation, and many % fine lot of and directed at a considerable expense. . It should no tales, would certainly become a derision, if such field-hands and house-hands. Every tumble would know what it wants, and take care to get it in due things be permitted. The old laws against Witch- be a temperance lecture, and every hiccough a season, as other„j>artie8 do who do business withjthe craft might be profitably revived. At any rate, allvisitations from spirits bearing with them " airs ** from Heaven," must be rigidly forbidden, and we for admission. These are economical suggestions. built at Pensacola as well and as cheaply as in any should not advise the toleration even of such cw In this way the superiority of the bli ck beast may other yard. This is a generality quite conceivable. should bring " blasts from Hell." A discriminat- be demonstrated. Staggering horses, ailing kine, The yard is new; the workmen fresh from merchant ing tariff could hardly be arranged so as to be freewarning. For superior cases of dclvrium tremens world.a hall might be taken, and a small fee demandedSecretary Toucey tells us that vessels can beor rotting sheep are of little value; but a crazy, from danger. Scroggs, Jeffreys, Titus Oatee, Alv* ship-yards; and the constructor in charge ambitiousanswerhasbeenthatitis"impracticable"tofurnish thepurposeofascertainingwhether any ofthemand engineers to compete in their preparation, andpay them by premiums or otherwise for their labor.Politicians only could have invented and operated South, than a necromancer like this new Cornelius year amounts to 5$11,655; from the Supreme Court,We know] not, but which they were appointed to examine. It should adept must be in the Slave States. It would because of the unsatisfactory awards of contractsdistinguish between the accidents due to the faultsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069upon the awful Bhade of Washington, or the mer-1 into the office and &>deputies cannot be McertainedUntitled DocumentNothingcruel deaths which had divorced those wretches from their bonds of flesh and iron. But should this sorcerer see fit to evoke another order of spiritsin consequence of it. No engine-buildor has yet and compel them- to apeak their sense of presentpaid a.dollar on account of such guaranty, although we have had all kinds of mishaps to the new ma-the streets, a'few years ago ?we can imagine how terrible the feats of such, an Sheriff's Jury, which is a large addition to his in- iiChief Justice TAney, in the very act of making a fresh Dred Scott decision, with the shades of Luther Martin and William PinkneyVings back again from the thither side of Styx. Thogood old maxim, which has been embodied into soSHXHIFF'S FKKS.•*0 www.fultonhistory.comg^fMj^BggJ? 