 ; 'ini, ? •fair and as cordial as possible, I have no hesitation is saying that X could cheerfully support either John Bell •r John M. Botts for Vice President. Either of thesegentlemen could be relied uoon in any contingency, to cooperate with the Republican party in all essential respects. Respectfully,into the ve»y structure of our political, soc-al, and re- ligions organizations, and under some form of action will continue to Bway the destinies of this country until the " mepreesible conn ct" shall be forever'ended.Defeat of the Republican party at the election next F a l would be a sore misfortune; bat it is not difficult to imagine a still more severe calamity than that.The Republicansareunitedupononecardinal point— it can hardly be affirmed that they are upon any other —and herein their great strengthlieB. Let us suppose that the Chicago Convention shall, after careful delib- eration, conclude that the unaided Republicans cannotrejudice? and enthusiasm fcr the individual candidates as as much, effect in determining a popular election s; the cardinal principles of the platform on vrhich ich candidates stand. Was not such the fact inJackson times?" Was it not the personal enthu- akm infused among the people' by the peculiar stjle, personal- characteristics, of Gen. Harrison—aa hie cabin, hard cider, coon-akins, etc.—that created an unprecedented whirlwind of favors, and ected him over Van Buren ? And was it not the name jitih "Rough and Ready" Gen. Taylor? The enthu- tjm did not attach to there men solely because they re renowned Generals, because we have the record i^en. Scott'B defeat in 1852, and he was the ablest itary man of them all; but he lacked the important utat.ion of beingj as it were, one of the people; hisonal style was too reserved and haughty; the sees conlen't find in him that spring of popular in-, ijdualisms with which to arouse their personal admi- 0n and enthusiasm. Gen. Pierce's very insigrdfi- ce created a popular uprising in his behalf. Fre- iijt's gallant ract> was owing as much to his heroism i peculiar individualities as to the platform on whichstood.. It, is just as assential to select a etandard- er possessed of popular personal characteristics, as j to have him " eound on the goose," suppoited bycases, 1 withdrew the suit, and he retained ail the other a:-tides named in the replevin. Knowing that I had not time to bring another suit before navigatioa would oloee, and my escape to Minnetota be thus cut off. So. that my parlor furniture stands now, so far as I can l e a n , in Mr. Swiughelm'a parlors in Swiirsvale, while my home is furnished with rough benches cov- ered Trvith hay cuahiots. My buggy and harness, Ipresume, are still ia hisThere are also 37 savings banks, and 27 savings and building associations, with deposits amounting to $18,- 132,820 32, being an increase for the year of $2,212,- 128. Uh<r«r the.H/fluence of the law relating to savings and building associations, passed in 1858, all but uv*> of these assoc'ations-are closing up their business with- out anticipating loss to depositors. »r!mbody their .principles in their like or dislike of the -wens nominated as tbe exponents of respective.linescountry would be made safe against the further exten- sion oi Human Slavery. *•Heaven gr^nt that wise "counsels may prevail, and that selfishness and man-worship may be forgotten, and the great interests of our common country alone considered. •' WESTERNNXW-YORJCXK.ture, in the purchase of which I had taken jthis precau- posite amounting to $5,463,540; specie amounting totion, I iutd out a writ of replevin, when he volun ?95Q,138; specie funds depcsited in Boston and New- •Jeered to resign them.- gave up the piano and book-. York for the redemption of their bills, $2,935,054.,-4A \• Mr. Sewaid receive the nomination for the higher poliey, when they cannot by power.office (whieh would, of course,5entirelT satisfy the neople The Republican party must succeedin New-York by o f this State), let the other candidate be selected without the most energetic and untiring efforts. With suchI raffeied, in the hope that I might smooth, to other feet, tho path which to mine had been so. thorny.As for this suit of Mri Roberts-1 only kcow of it what I! earn from this TRIBUNE item. When I last heard from bim he wrote, that Mr. Swisshelm had in- formed him I was coming back soon, and any action would I e unnecessary. The evidence of " good eauxe"Gov. Cbaeesays: that vie fr of the case could not come up, as the debt diction of the Government; and, if thia guardianshiprp or equivocates; one in whom, if elected, the vie»»s of Free Trade, we are all agreed that tt ere is no prospect Swisshe m responsible for my support after I loft him. tions which exist between the slaves and their roasters, cf the adoption of .tbe policy of unreitiicted,commercial inter- This is a mistake. Since I succeeded in escaoing from and may ah*o be exercised for the same objects in State*»iI\(To Vt4 Editor of The N. Y: Tribute.For President of the United State*—WM, H. SEWARD.,, For yi**-Pre*i<ten*—THOMAS CORWIN.SIR: Within this ticket, I verily believe, are the elementsofvictoryfortheRepublicansin thecoming •ontest. ' . ' ; ,,liart County, Indiana, Ayill l?l,1BG0. .'HOOS1ER.etronger Home labor Plank in a tariff platform thin that of Gov. Chase cut out eighteen years ago, and not got out. for a special occasion just upon the eve of passing a National Platform for a great and- powerful party. • .v -.-induced me to take charge of the St. Cloud paper. The belief thet my position, as a runaway wife, made me vulnerable to attacks on my reputation as a woman; and the knowledge of my poyeny and dependence caused the attempt of wealthy politicians to purchase, and convert me into a tool or oppression. The pridesition to the policy just referred to (a contingency which may arise under the provisions of the Conatito- . tion), will of itself-be a sufficient cause for secession, or for a dissolution of. the Union."It is hardly-necessary to say that the freemen of Connecticut emphatically repudiate such dangerous and! revolutionary sentiments, and all action so utterly in- consistent with the flirt principle* of constitutional- liberty. They hold that Slavery exists by the arbitrary exercise of the reserved and assumed rights of the Sates, and, as thus established,sister States and the Federal Government are a|lke separated, a* by an im- passable gulf, from any right legally or forcibly to in- terfere therewith. ••Lockport, N. Y., April 28; I860. i — •GOV. CHASE AND THE TARIFF.1\t Ou Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.••Virginia,."North Ca-olina, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Muwocri ^The succeoa ot a ticket with either of them •names at its head wouTd be next to certain, and this ctrcmrjMtanc-* alone wonid confer upon it great respect- mbiKty, audincrine all Oppoeitionista NorSb and South to its sapport.and hopeless insolvency.In 1&&, the Temperance party was the best organ- ! SIR: As the columns of your journal appear to be He is a representative man. It is entirely unnecessary'. -.!•*ad elected, for no man can be elected in opposition tothe eo-eaBad Demoerai'c party, unless he present* to" indicates most clearly that the [policy of botfi • the*fluenci inthis State, Connecticut, New-Jersey, Indiana,Illinoli and, I fear, Pennsylvania, will be sufficient toturn tl > scale against him. If my conclusions are evennearly !orrect. it would be folly to nominate him, muchas we jdmire him, and munh as we would love to see a n explanatlon of the statement which has already ap- for it is one of importance,! ana' will involve tneaeoes- of 1858, who are seven wealthy gentlemen of Portland,ie excitement consequent to a Presidental election, nthusiaim for the man is fully as potent as regard for e principles he represents; that of the vast number oftbe great West—will be blown into a flame; Illinois and Indiana will be made certain beyond a contingency; • and by selecting tbe Vice-President from one of thejl-should getnoBseesion of them, in order to throw on bim the iTOvfof owi ersbip, because I had bought them jwitboul, taking bills of sale in the name of my trustee.convenience to tbe public, and without the loss of tha life of a single pass anger.*.J 1•leading article of onr faith, the non-extension of critic party mast be looking aboctt them for a place Slavery, who repudiate the monstrous heresy wu'ca *scvpe. Gov. Seward, ip all he has ever uttered up<• ' Kothma but an imperious * » « > , * 3 * TMK ®^ *!?" atr.h*3 me to » m y m a ) / ****** *** almoet entire SntbTand now that an a P P f ^ y °5TM> constant with tbeoreservatfon of lib-rty and good conscience, '*SheSSD?S?S5S between the North and Sotth, ,: w W l o a n f e V ^ & * «*P*ra'? 7** a large and -*nfl*enii*J cI»»J^f Sonthem man in the election ot a•0-^reawhtf 1 am constrained by the stronye*t consider- ations of duty and patriotism to do so. . Tb-U^inast be the fee,JtDg •*" **»*•* Southern man whb^star.ds on Soatbern »o»> »nd who is apt willing to be Wgirded as. . . .NA TITK.ipBWic^ep*my. By taking this course, Southern lie- tru'lfs wbivh need no proof:poMtcane immensely increase their power of useful- ness in the gre** o^use of emaircipotion, whioh is a ^eat-exclusively belonging, so far as political actionja trjueernv-d, to the South. By the opposite couxs»e of «omeoee*ary and uncalled-for political antagonism toward the Southern Opposition, we make ourselves and tbe noble causa we advocate equally odious, and destroy ear no«rer for good. rIt may he said, and* is said, that the "South will vote for no man who receive* the cordial vote of the Repub- lican party. It may be admitted that little can be ex- pected in the way of direct, effective support, even to euch men a* McLean or B»t«#. Bat the moral effect"ef a reepeotable Smtbern popular vote cannot be over- •valuee, even if we carry no Somhera State. That moral support is xmceesary to *ati*fy »the conaervative alaaseaof tha Free States, wi'hont whose aid success is impossible. Lorg experience has shown that a large -dam .of Northern men will not vote for men who, ho w--everwise and patrkmo, cannot eommtnd at least a re- spect*© e minority of votes in .the border 81ave States- Ba>ea or McLean can do tbis Either of them e*n carry Delaware, and eitoer of them would be cordially suc-Ftrst: That Mr. Seward fl name him as a represen New-jersey, Pennsylvania and Indiana, perhaps, are Tbe; question ariaes: Can we find a man that is By the advice of m> lawyer, t purchased articles of etody, acd to tbe qualificat'ona of teaobem.. There are.forget Gov. Morgan for his manliness iu this regard,„ for DUtalents, his uniform-blending of affability with a fair trial.ia t!ieienot more, much more, than the spoils at stakeSUPPORT To The Editor oj' The N. Y.OF HIS Tribune:WIFE." is done in heaven."*" M jJ A N * Gr. SWISBHJRLM.• — —" While utterly condemning'all armed fanatical ia- , Vaeioria ofStates which interfere withtheir sovereignty, and disturb their domestic peace, as aufca meriting the•dignity in the performance of his official duties, andhii unwavering determination to do rignt " though the * jbteavens should fall." Youn»,a DiCLJCOATE TO THE FREMONT! CONVENTIOX.- WILLIAM H. SEW ARD. -7» lk* Z4it»r */ Th*N. Y. TWfrtm*.There are many too timid to have confidence in their champion, consequently there inust be an effort made to overcome their weakness and give thorn more strength in the region of their several spinal columns. Tuey are Sewardites; but to risk their votes upon a man so much abused and disparaged seems the hight ofabsuidities, aid as if they were about "Prendre la of Siwery in our land, and they supposed they laid theTHEHCURSOF FARM LABOR.—There is a growing difficulty among farmers about the hours ef farm labor. Many of the hirelings are strongly disposed to adopt/•"* Vlce-Prerident. With a sectional tickek we should defeat, could have been so fatal; and so it will ever. The Hospitals and Asylums are.reported to be ia aa excellent condition.port*3 hy- large and iouuenti-l c'awee in Maryland, years to use up their political capital and achieve finalSENATOR WADE OF OHIO. To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.W-.th J t>dg« McLean for Prwiident, I should, deem itiadispewabie to have a Southern man on the ticket for parry, were utterly annihilated. No open enemy, noMy limited experience in the politics of our countrytaught me, that to be'successful in a popular eleo- mans, like him. Now, then, if what I have written is order to get possession of my books, plate, china, pic- $409 $21 64. The net income has baen $1,221.797 5L•never be credited wuh entertaining NaiioaaJ viewg> and, however unexceptionable the men selected might be to t*e '* ConMrvatlves," th* sel«etk>n of both from one section of the Un'on would be fatal.Oo*v v*ctoiy of Freedom over Slavery will be final; and the Democracy will never thereafter dare to rally zmde? the black, piratical flag, which' has so oftenbe, when tbe true and meritorious leaders of a party are thrust aside, and men unfit for the place—either fr< m incompsteircy or a lack of proved Ipyalty to the eaure—are foisted into our nomination, for the sake of aucc*** alone.The principles of the Republicans cannot be crushed out eitt er by the malice of vindictive enemies or thebn, much depends on the enthusiasm imparted to the correct,' in the language of Daniel Webster, Let ua tures, 1 edging, c'othing, &c, I was obliged to carry or four nVr cent on f>e coft, sho wing an increase ox" Conqner our prejudices," and use our best endeavors them myself off bis premises, as tbe law did not permit $175,352 59. Tbe Commissioners report the road* aa ople by the,' individuality of the candidate. That in for the Domination of Salmon P . Chase. The West— .me to bjrjng a porter into the house. It wag necessary having been' o n ducted with Increased economy, withA SOUTHERN JPbM*****, D . (7., April 25, I860.REPUBLICAN.l«AiI i1•f[i« l"- •V. %[f!iij ^!ki<i|IS•S• Br-MS. XOCATTON OF OUR CANDIDATES.To the Xditor */ Th*. N. Y. Tribun*. ASi*: I have read a large number of conimunicfttioAs carry enough electoral votes to eeoore a triumph. To•on tie subject of the Republican nominations for Preri-•dcxit xnA Vioa-Preeident, and admire both the liberalityand the good judgment which prompt you to open yourcolum* to the discussion on the part of the people them-eelTea of mattersin which they have so deep a concern. apt, oi»der the tremer-dous influences of Washington,politics and political economy, which did not differ in measures of public policy from the old Democratic party.. 'jGov. Chase voted iu 1840 for Harrison and Tyler, and no one knew the opinions of Gen. .Harrison better than Gov. Chase, who was his fellow-townsman and friend. "Gen. Harrison was for Protection to American in- dustry. That was one of the great issues of that memorable campaign.In 1842, at a Convention in Columbus, Ohio, Gov.,to manifest himself a middlemen, and the T/yl©r tragedy For my own part, I am BUT* I have derived much profit be re«Darted. Confidence would be withdrawn, the:fr*m the perusal of these commuuicatinus, although, •where such, a dtveisity of oprnion is expressed, we all find much, as a matter of conree, which do** not pre- cisely accord with our own views.I s all that has been written aa to the policy of nomi- nating this cr that distinguisChed representative of our principlee, or of selecting candidates from one State orparty become broken in spirit and tactics, and utter demolition,, if not demoralization follow, and the lie- publican party annihilated; while a defeat under a faithful and popular leader would only bind the party together in lu&ks of BteeL .. But the postulates upon which such a policy is ad- vocated, I esteem untenable and unsound. I have vet •. Another, with the view of securing certain States' to tee the evidence that Mr. Soward would not receive which are deemed uncertain, it seems to me the just as strong a vote in New-Jersey aind Pennsylvania asJatform of correct principles. The popularity of Cbase said: "He did not consider unanimity onques-uglas in the Ncrth-West ia more on account of -his " tions of money and trade essential Establishjusticeck, independence, backbone, and Young America " and libenty—restore ^he Government to its tiuebaries of character, than on account of squatter " spbeTe jof,action—d.ejmrer it from the Slave Poorer,daia* of thedtate of New York to have, in any event, any other m*n.oce or the other of the nominations has beea en irelr While there are many staunch Republicans who" But now.it is openly declared that Slavery, .as a system, is just tita benevolent; that it is the normal derstood the modern agitation on " Woman's Rights" cordition of soc^ety; founded upon the principles, of is not responsible for Mr. Swisshelm's difficulties. I God's law, and. designed and calculated to be a«bles- was the first agitator, and it vra* the courage of despair siog to both races. We are even congratulated uponiBIB.:. A S you have opened your columns to all andevery ose wh> wishes to express an opinion as to whoshould be nominated at the Chicago Convention as the to tbis Ui»ion, and they will then right themselves. Ilite root, by securing all the territory (then be- ito our country) to freedom, and by abolishing lean slave-trade after the year 1808. But newi v e sprung up, claiming that Congress has no against Slavery in the -Territories^—that the ution of the United States protects it there aa proMflty. What a monitrousproposition! AccordingRepublican candidate for President, 11 propose to make* few suggestions upon, at this time, this importantsubject. «*TheJKepublican party have so larjge a number ofaaembers foDy qualified and able to nil the Presidential -ebair that, if thai was the only question to be settled, •'-ttueJfcyeonfttaion might oeeor by tfai squal claims of many valuable men. The great questionnowtobe mated is: Who is able to stand before the people and receive their suffrages to an extent sufficient to bebelieve this can partly be achieved by placing upon the same ticket toe more conservative Corwm. What would more inspire the fire of youth than such a wide- awake, vivacious character as '* Black Tom, the Wag- oneT Boy," at the head of a ticket 7He has the years, too, of deliberation and discretion encircling his swarthy brow to give the aged confi- dence. For him, I believe, many a man South would gladlyvote.to i u< h! reasoning, onr Territories are to be filled up voluntarily deserted and abandoned the husband, and persists withJ blaick slaves, shutting out our white laboring therein, without good cause, the defendant is not liable for debts population. I a*k; ia it not time, under such circum- fer necessaries or otherwise; fourth, the defendant is not liable forhirelings upon the farm are working upon the ten-hour Slavery in the common territories, or for perpetuating syrtem, it will be necessary for farmers to make spe- the system; and they fcol justified in adopting all con- cial contracts wbenthey hire help, as to the number of stitutional measures to prevent the extension of an in-•ays one, he is too radical, and the Democrats and America. The Press,, which is not always' the ex- straightWhigsdon'tfiiehiaa. Now,tomymind,this ponentoftheviewsofthe people at-large,butmorelic sympathy, but rather repelled it, choosing to appear in the wrong, by publicly exhibiting that bitterness of spirit born of private sorrow , So far as I know, this isthefirsttimethiBmatterbasbeenbroughtbeforetheItturns outthat Mainelosesnothingbythedefaultthe country powers sufficient to roll back the flood of arrogance and" corruption in which our National Gov ia overwhelmed. It muj«t be that maur of th»p i tciftking.rata in the demoralized I>imfi•IConventions (Democratic and Republican} W l he to select some man who does not repn>«ent the principles of the party " in toto." but will tnm and and cut ott to suit the caprice* andiwMoaanew ot a ton so-caliedto'Mi^efit,iaS&n, objecttoiftv W)mto*fas W«* I i»««od there, premking that IM; fl»7 vnly *> nwi«h Wty, if adhered to on &e •nbuntoatly able to itaooad, aad who will wndfly do Mg Part Of (bo hireling*, of a 1M W W W ^ T f > '*?^. *r***y*y **ff i^n-p+ft, »**« —li*b (qnal rigbis 'M(t**achu»*tU, April 2Sr 106S.WILLIAM H. SEW ARD. IV tke Editor oj The N. Y. Tribune.8 m : 1 have read, with a good deal of crmmonicationscfyouryarious eorreapondeuaonth! Preeidexcy. WD1 you allow me a word 7Several of them assume these three postulatesattemjied anything of the kind he, would convey allother: a man that don't blow hot and' cold.from, the either would not increase the. chances of success. where the support would come from. This passed The inaufiural Message oif Gov- Backfngbaw vriwized, if not the most powerful, iu the State, Under the form and pretense of :a Whig Gouvention, the political Temperance men succeeded in nominating their caaoidate, Myron H. Clark, for Governor. From the moment of hie election, th* Temperance men, as aopen for the expression of opinion and ,suggestions asto who is the proper mau for the Republican staudard-blearer in the ensuing campaign, I desire to say a word.for any Committee to get him to write a letter letting us know his whereabouts. Without being a member of the American party, he never made himself odious to them. The foreign - population, especially the Ger-there nust be some important change in our relations,' or ] must effect a separation in order to/Preserve my life, for my"strength hid so giten way that I was confine 1 to my bed a greater part of the time. Yet, in-ing the past year; that the whole length of ro*d withfa the Sta e is 602 miles, and the totaj coat $29,861,532 04, of wh*cb $18,727,717 31 has been paid in. Tns groas incoxre o*e beeo $3,527,903 79, which is an mcoa*c ofwaved over its victorious legions.To make.the "union with the Southern Opposition as 6nors of misjudging friends, for they are enwrought ^Governmental policy. It will [hardly be denied that.accomplish the carlins desire of success, they throw overboard all the true and tried men of the party and pslect a candidate whose antecedents have been at leart -equivocal.- and he is etected. Such a President, having reen selected as a middleman, would be veryfrom the unsettle5 estate left by my mother, and ap- plied it to his own personal use, while I walked fourmiles a day to tescn a district school, at $12 per month, aa my only mean* of getting clothes for myself, ana articles of use ani comfort in . ihe house. Col. Wm. G. Hawkins of Braddocks Field, father of the inventor of Hawkins's steam plow, was one of the trustees who paid me that sum, and knows the labor I performed,to earn it. During half that school term, I did the greater part of the housework, all the sewing in Mr. Ssrissr helm's house; and tirith $2 50 of the money thus earned, bought material and made a bonnet which I wore soven Winter* without altering. I permitted peopledo think I did so from eccentricity, when the facts,w^re, that tbe demands of the family upon my purse; were so pressing I could not afford another. This is ii fair specimen of the pecuniary regime' under which t »renty years of my life were spent.efforts a victory as decided as that of 185G is certain; •without them, success is, to say the least, doubtful. Now all the worid krows that the working men. of the party are, almost to a man, the ardent friends of Se sv- ard.ago, and such are his opinions new.In a letter to the Hon. T.R. Stanley, Oct. 25,1859, for; I cannot think why, unless his counsel thought slaves and Slavery nmet be as extended as tbe juris-Let a candidate be nominated not hitherto identifiedwith the Republicans; let him be a man whose ante-cedents have all been opposed to that system of policyadvocated by Mr. Seward; let it be understood }hat hehas Been put aside, oolv to gain a doubtful advantagefrom the haudfull of votes of men hitherto opposed to est jonviciions of jnwticc. Republican r-rinciples; and withal, let the hard, workera receive the impression that Mr Seward has been dealt with ungenerously, if not unjustly, and who canNj>^jv, Mr. Editor,-1 suggest old Ben. F . Wade,, piri's "square-toed" Senator, as the man comprisingthe Compromise sot of 1883 may be called such. I know that tion is tiat there is no process in our laws by which a the Naional Congress. ,the, u Nationals," will unquestionably inake, and State? •the- neresaity of selecting the Vice-President Besides, something is due to the man who for twenty the] wople to a degree far beyond that of any otherJ»Cframed as to eo as much good and on little barm a« ptwmtble;' while a^voman, by marriage, resigns all claim to the tutions, and with the social relations of the severalinterest, tblTbe recede for the past year were $302,160 60." Bal- livicg if I bad a mind, for THK K. Y TRIRVKK paid ance in the Treasury, $i4,8$9 65. < |bug "popular sovereignty." Principles.are lost " and there would be little difficulty iu settling these overlooked. The general opinion seems to be that if ho»6S*ly believe such to be our true policy, there is fluJibt ol in enthusiasm for the man. - The principles of a questions."I mak e these statements that it may oe distinctly un-one candidate should bo selected from an extreme por- also 8n active, noisy class, in all the States—the Free Republican party being sound, and impregnable "Jtieemedto him that the Creator of all designed thatth*tion of our country, the other candidate must be t*ken S'-ates at least—who are continually clamoring for the inst. overthrow by the voice of reason, we should different nation* of the earth ihonld live toother In harmonyIrom the furtheet opposite extreme in which a suitable Republicans to abandon their tried friends and f\Jl sareful in selecting a candidate, and not buffer de- and mntnel intercenne, ropplying reciprocally th» want* of each •candidate can be found. -I do not approve of thu back upon some man of equivocal proclivities. The fnil; on account of prejudice against, or want of proper other—and that all unnecettary reitrietiont npon the int«rconrsotheory any more than-1 am willing to go at all out loudest and most clamorous of this class have never and tntitnal *nppl> are vrrovtc in principle and Impolitic in prac- of our way to prove the charge of sectionalism false as supported, and many of them never will support, a eitjjiusifism forth* man. If Douglas is to be the nomi- tio«. Bu* that, inasmuch a* dvtiei on import* were the most con- n j | . o f the " Negro-Growers' Convention;" which as- venient tource* of revenue, ani TIIK RKTTI.BD P O U C T O ? I H B applied to us. Let our t-wo best men be iu>minaf.rdy no Republican candidate. They only desire to divide aod GCVBBWMKNT wa* to raise the N'ational revenue in that, manner, matter in vhat /States they may reside^ say I Should cocquer—to cast firebrands, and thus destroy by WinbJeB in CharTestpn on STonday next, then there is he could see no objection- to to arranging THBH* DUTIES A» TO n )| ise to disguise the fact, that, in oraer for the Re- KKCOUKAGH ANY BRANCJTK8 OF PKODTJCTIOW OK MAjy6PACTT7KH8 Which wonld, in a reasonable time, become «o established as towhich gives every citizen a right to take his property, including slaves, into the common territory, and have it protected there, under the Federal Constitution, be- yond the power of any human authority to annul that right. ' -" If such a power is vested in the Federal Govern- ment, whether it is derived from the Constitution or tbe law of nature, the national guardianship over''liowever doubtful.j Ncio-Haven, Conn., April 23,1860.• ' • ' ' - - » • •A LOOKHR-ON.. :pronounced it an article of use andneoessity., loadJong carried one bought on my own .personal credit,but *»ei3g unable to pay for it, had returned it to theowner. Yet I should not have purchased this one ex-cept as an offset to about $200 worth of my separate proceeding year, caused by a modification of the law personi^l property which he had in possession, in such requirinar an encampment of three days.way th&t my lawyer could devise no way by which I The General Railroad Commissioners report that • cculd recover it. About this time I concluded that there has been no addition to the laws of railroad dur-•<*l>!:t>*'''•''?***T7("*''•''!.* j * C •""'•'w<^'iyi±s*!;r?.fi?/".•*n.*>svte,*j»ys•~rrr~;-"'- >.'.^^ "•--4*- ftEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, (MAY 5, 1860.i^nservatrves and Know-Notbibgs, ^whoee proclivities or a»y ^ona from this State, ia the reckless course of our as is n 9Cfepary to that explanation, and what I ami pre*? radical change in the programme of business upott m are with the 8outh and Denibcraticvp*rty, as the "last LegWa'ture this past Winter.' We will sta^d a!mach parfd to prove in any court of justice. tmall farms. i .] V*• attribute* to the 8ep*eme Conn the powertoftn^im- tbe Mibject of poHt»ce, ha» aiaed at -the wtabttehme Pre»>d«it!.Hl election clearly-'.demonstrated, as..waU.as .better chance to succeed with some mau outside of it. Whoa the property inherit**! from my parents had Let us hear wbat is the " custom of the trade,* hl<* late the States, ana consolidato all power ia ***• ?**- of trae Dem<orHttc prinoipies, while hundreds, tionalGoverrmoi«t,whoagreewithusupootheHome- atead, the River and Harbor, an* other questions of do-c * metric polity. Could * e w k more of them 7 -<>cc«pT a poeiiion of »ectiona« antagonismto the South, bfccfctd by theT>mocratirt Republican part*, we Well as the nechar-Tcd and' laboring class of tbe coun- onr position would be immensey strengthened. rcquirs bim to support me. To this he replied thatif I INAUGTJltAL ME8SAGE OF GOJV. BUOK-» W h X ^ t ^ c W e d for by th* »>}«?* <£ eoawtwtos., d ertry (except the foreign Irish population), generallypre- fer a man,Itbat is'out. aiid'outj either onerthing or, theWith regard to Bates, Crittenden) and such men, allI have to say is, in mv, opinion.; the nomination of his property to bis mother, and would like to see• - INGHAM OFCONNECTICUT.tbcnsapdsofj>eoplehavebeenledbythemerena. o'.p.fcw^rat to beheve a He, that they may be damn, politically. Tboro is r.o Democratic party, except 1tbe vote of their Repreeentetivea jjo^-CiGBgresB on the Just atj thia time there i« a strong feeliog against ex- . so far aseltcd away that I rad not sufficient income toforthat is tieonlyl;vw regulating the hilars of farm labor, and how i&r the ten-hour rule now pre- vails,*wnv ihe present mling power into the air, and est*L- rf iif'•.*"•(I •%-** BI Iiff •J;i-tF.i}••:..•it m•''•**•'•MmFt J .electionofSpeakertWsession.The great maps wf the people of our country are nottravaQaticeonthepartofGovernment: If:aoaa.di- date should be telected wel -kx own to ba iu favor of a prudent and economical administra'ion, against who«n,6u*»ply me with Che cainmon ntccseariea of life, andwhen my health was so broken that I was no longer -. As a Southern man whoe- We h « been devoted to .name, m the United 8tatea if we except the prt-se:' aspirants and others wh*» ignore the principle that hon- in this respect, the Democrats could urge rio^hiog, we able U tupportitty^lf by s ^wiog ortradia -, I notified , the cause or Freedom, I cou *es* that I have no «^h to Kepuhlican party. With Gov. Seward as a candidal esty is the beet policy in politics. The yeomanry as should be able to fight the battle on the trae issues, and Mr. S^iesbem that if I remained Vith bim I shouldpolitio'sne; this ia a iart overlooked by thope politicalean«e mouth and breath; one whose principles are well known ar.d -established, and whose nublie services, honesty, arid ability" qualify him to fill the office of President of the United States. •Such a.man is W>Hiam H. -Seward. As regards hisability, that is unquestionable; as regards bis publicservice, this the country we'l, knows and appreciates; do, our untiring, adversaries, the Democrats, will to write anything of sufficient interest to insure publi-as regards honesty; he -will comoare favorably with keep up the hue and. cry among our foreign populaVoa- cation. - He' had employed able counsel. I did the cation is advancing in the Sute. Greater attention im any man now before the people, and if nominated, that we axe going to nave a 21 years' naturalization given to tbe comfort and health of the children, to the will be elected. This idea of availably because law, d«ir. " - . * same, to test thia question of my right to a support. claasiflcaMm of aoboVra^to tbe fitness of books forIfThey should be willing to summej over, and, at another time, or. if the Republicans are successful, they, or some of, their friends, will probably be oalled- into the service of tbeir country.through tbe meciora of a third party, and aftoiw*rdT he stated? to another person that I could earn a gooddelivered on Wedneeday. Conoerning the flaaaceaflsTthe State, he reporte it« indebtedness to be $434,142.It will be bad policy to" nominate a man that was me for letters; but in this be was mistaken, for mind formerly^a member of the American party; for, if we and body wore so prostrated that I waa no longer able; CoriC*n>hjg education be Vayg;" There is gratifying evidence that the cause of eeSa-tative sean of the Republican partj) cannot receive th< | doubtful, is absurd on the face, because tho great mass known and read of all Republicans, not objectionable necessity and comfort, such ai blankets, table lineo,whole Opposition vote of New-Jersey and Pennsyl of the people in those States would sooner support to any portion of the party, not particularly objection- and domestic muslin fjr our bouse, and plain clothing ing 1 950 tescbero. There, are 535 district libraries^vaoia; . .Second^ That no one can carry those States withou'tho aid of the united Opposition; and, ' • Third: That jtfew-York is safe for the Republicaua1,638 whool distrcts, and 1,785 public schoote, employ- each a man as William H. Sewardj than one who rep- able: to Americans, and tbjit will receive a fair share of for my aelf and child. He paid tuese bills, but, as he conteining 39,472 volumes. Two hundred and fiftr-resented the principles of each paijty iu general, and the foreign vote? - If we can, it seems to me ho mast bad always done before, notified the merchants not to rtwo districts have established free schools, voluntarily;credit ;ne on his account. Jad a tex on property, iand thus raised the sum ocFinding, myself physically unequal to a contest of ~ $84,000 for their support." ••let who will be their candidate; and hence they arguetbat.somepersonotherthan the acknowledged choiceof the party should be nominatedfor the sake of success. •to defeat tbe Democratic party. But much more willfavorite Seward; but, if we can find such a mau as above^described, duty to our courtry and to future generations demands of us to make the sacrifice, and we will be magnanimoup enongh to do it-.He must be a stupid disciple in the school of politics who has not yet learned that defeat at an election is Lot the heavieet calamity which can befill a party.Tbe Whigs were successful, in 1840, in electing John Tjler (in fact) to the Presidency. Thateaccess redaced Ue vlctojs from the flush of. supremacy toaepirit- less minority, struggling for years to regain prestige and power; and when, at last, .their renewed efforts were crowned with enccees in 1848, it reqaired.buttwoWho fought Douglas in the Senate of the United they sustain such a man as William H. Seward, who States on the repeal of the Missouri Compromise? is the embodiment of their principles; beside, defeat Who followed him from position to position, until hewith such a man is better than victory purchased at had stripped him of bis Popular. Sovereignty plumage, the cost of prinoiple. This IB the opinion generally and made him look naked as a bird without feathers?senaratje room in his house when I should support my-self ana educate her. He would agree to nothing, andhaving pledged my»elf to compel him to support me, Ipurchased more clothing,] and the watch named in thisarticle, following strictly the advice of my lawyer.From our station in society and my habits of life, he .juvenile crime.. vo party ' in particular. ' There is a feeling of honesty be elected. *'•••".pervading the inaesea which, when1 brought to the test, Have we such a man in the^arty. and, if so, who is will show itself. They utterly repudiate this time-, he Z V?& New'Yorkers, of course, hate to give up our serving. .'*.; • ythis kind, and believing that, apart from the question of eup[>ort, I bad" legal grounds for divorce and ali- mony, I proposed that he should. set»le a support on.. Tbe State Prison has paid a net profit of $1,667 91 during tbe years, the labor of the convicts having bees let at an advance of about 1.0 par cent on prices for t weI believe that a majority of the people in each and all of the Tree' States of this Union will sustain the {nominee of that Convention, if for nothing more thanonr child, and let me go oeaceably to my sister; or orthree years past The State Reform School has 81 that, fcr sake of our child, h$ would.give her and I a inmates, being 38 less than in 1859, and 69 less than m.expressed and entertained by those with "whom I have Conversed, almost to a man; and what ia troe of the masses in this Siate, is true-in every other Free State,That same manh88 since been twice made Governor of his own State? When he first eotered upon the duties of that office, he found the financial condition of the State, desperate, but after four years he left it in a comparatively healthy condition. At the end of his termhewaselectedUnitedStatesSenatorforthenext six years. Reader! I guess by this time you begin to conclude that I mean SALMON P. CHASE of Ohio. Ton are right; I do. Dees he not cover the whole ground?1858; but the Governor thinks this diminution cornea from policy of the law. of 1857, requiring each town to pay toe expenses of sustaining the boys it sends to the School, and not from any decrease m the amount ofTher6 are in tbe State 73 bankn, with an aggregate oters in our country, very many, probably a majority, Eastern States, all would be enthusiasm, and our 'For mj piano and some other heavy articles of furni- capital of $21;626„I6T; acircnlation of $7,703,996; de-SIR: It is a mistake, as many suppose, that Gov.Chase is for free trade and opposed to the encourage- twenty years Mr. Swisshelm's wife, ana during allment and protection of our home labor and industry. that tire e be compelled me to support myself. In the Gov. Chase W«B educated in the old. Whig school of Summer of '43, he collected all the income I then hadU?)lican ptirty to elect the next President, the Chicagomention must send forth a leader whose individualW of character will infuse admiration and enthnamong the people i he must be a man whom the€8 can attach and adhere to; one who has plentylhck, backbone, is wide awake, and one of the>le; who is honest, ftraightfor ward, and never cane as to the T*riff. WhateTer may be any' man's theoretics leaves the impression that I have tried to make Mr. tlaves, in tbe Territories, it must define the social rela-reference to his place or abode, BOloog as it be out of 3few-*Xork- But khould the noi&ioea for the Presi- dency be taken from any other State, then I insist that' there are aU-eontroUing reasons why the nominee for the Vice-Presidency should- be a citixen of this 8tate. In the first place, it id time thfit a 8'ate which con- tributes so' large a proportion of the means b * which our Government is carried on, and •vithln the boundarieso f which so large a proportion of the people of th•whole country reside, had at least a prospect of seeingone of b«r distinguished sons elevated to one or theother of these high positions. This, I grant, is not ofItself conclusive; but add to it the possibility of ourlosing this State through the exertions which our openonemies, the Sham Democrats and' their secret allies, promise for the success of the Republican party in this all • he1 necessary requisites for a successful' candidate. clearly of Opinion toot tariff laws, like all other laws, shonld be beyond question, so far as that Court is concerned, that its legitimate fruits, interferes with the domestic instit-2Jew-York and all is loet, even though nearly every stood by him through evil as well as good report; and Ciaij fko nomination. That he has plenty of pluck wonid net so shape American legislation and administration as She becomes a_ servant for life without the power to *' For the purpose of sustaining principles so directly e\ e< i Toombs will admit. He is as firm in his cpnvic- to protect American indaxtry ana guard ixapartUl'y all American eollect wages, while her husband acquires that right in at war with tbe recorded views ot the framers of theii pivotal 8:ate should be oars, and the enemy, knowing no just man will be frightened out of his convictions tic n; of right as " By the Eternal" Jackeon was; hon- rignts and interests."this as well as we know it, will unquestionably make because a vicious sentiment has been created by slan- es, beyond suspicion; straightforward in his political Such are the life-long and deliberate opinions ofber 8tea3, and when collected, may make stush use of Constitution, and of giving permanency to the systemthem as 1 e eeesproper; may provide for her, or may not, of human bondage, we have recently seen men ar-jast as hB plessee, for Mr. Swisshelm has in that same rested and imprisoned for holding ana uttering differ-this State their principal battle ground, and actually der and misrepresentation. It h true that his allusion record*: above intrigue and buncombe, devoid of all Gov. Chase. Are they not correct ?lzope to defeat u» hero by the use of-every device to tho " Higher law" has been perverted to the basest sh li , he is a practical man in every aensp of the term. The followincr ie the Resolution paeced atrthe Con-Court nonsuited a claimant for necessary clothing fur- ent opinions, their social and business relations DrokenJlrnWn to-Tammany, the Sixth Ward, or the Pewter purposes, by putting into his mouth sentiments'not his " n*it-an-asB-o-me Wise" would need "foreign influ- vention of the People's party in Pennsylania upon the nished me months'prior to -the purchase of the.watch, up, and themselves expellnd from their homes. LawsMag; by the " laying of pipe," and all the various-forms of awinding comprised within that phrase; bythe expenditure o£ emu Id sums of money; by the-promise, without siintor limit, of office; by the forma-tion of third parties under snob captivating titles as stood for fifty years as tbe existence of Slavery itself, was created against Fremont by reason of his slight * Kational" ^TJnion," " Conservative," & c ; by the and which is even now receiving indisputable confirma- ?r,ic ical acquaintance with Government duties, which circulation of falsehood in all its forms; aod above allity serving up, tn a greater variety! of styles than is lenown even to the art of cookery, of the bribery, cor-tion by the wranglings of the Charleston Convention. I ardently desire victory for the Republican party, but such a victory that, when it does come, it 'wiilVA5{ as experience would prevent being used in bis caielP 'Ben. Wade's hostility to the echeme for morewages, to farmers and planters 'remunerating price* for their products, to meebsnics and manufacturers for taeir skill, labor, and enterprise, and to the nation commercial prosperity and independence."some clothes, and that by voluntarily resigning the claim whiclr I fancied .it gave me on his estate, aad putting myself legally in the wrong by leaving with-has affirmed the right to Becede from the Union when- ever she may think it expedient to do so, and she has invited other States to meet by representatives in con-at Albany during the session jast closed;In such an event as this, who saall be the man T "Who, of all the men in this State, has gone farthest to protect our people from the effects of the bad legisla- tion of the hundred days jast.closed, standing up firmly for the right, regardless of consequdnces, vetoing bills•which he knew were conceived injfraud, no matter whom it offended and withholding his name from others until they died a natural death in hishnnds ? KeedIsaytoanycitizenofNew-Yorkwhoreads the papers that-1 refer to EDWI* D. MOROAX, the present' -wvernot ot the State ? Thero arb fow men who -would have had the firmness to veto the Railroad hi!J«, projected and engineered as they were by some of the most experienced, unscrupulous, and po trerfcd* ^re-pullers in the State, to offend whom has generally • TBsultod in political death to the offender. JLet us notthose principles t:-.re, and forever mast be, immortd.is oile! of tie "rough-and-ready" men that "never stuTeiders;" and has the peculiar individualities that fom arizes, in this country, a candidate for the Presi- de) idr.l While believing that the nomination of Ben. F. Waile weuld create a blaze of popnlar enthusiasm, froeraMake to California, which would override all opposition and secure the success of the Republican causl>, I now submit the snggastion to your readers.public policy"of Gov. Chase in regard to Home Indus-* tranquillity for the pvening of life; but I was mis- unto. Treasonable sentiments have been openly pro- try', correspond with the views of the " People's Par- taken. Everywhere this upecter pursues ine. The claimed in tbe halls of ithe National Congress; aad, on ty" of Pennsylvania, as expressed in February last. wildefneisTo which I fled brings no freedom. The the floor of that body.- it has been declared that tins Kb friend of American Industry could ask for any necessity of earning a living for myself and child election of a President, representing opinions iu oppo-own—while the true language used by him onunciates cne of the loblest sentiments ever uttered by man; and his avowal of an "irrepressible conflict" was but the presentation of a" truth as well known and undor-en 3«'' to aid him in removing the public archives from Wa iington to set up a Southern Republic, was Ben. Waise|atthe helm of Government. Much prejudiceTarifT:" Tteaolv.d, That in the enactments of revenue laws by. theGeneral Government, fair and adequate protection should beand thia was bought before I left him for Minnesota.Then tb« whole amount of the bills is not a tithe of taehaye been enacted which drive free persona from theirkii,dred and the places of their birth, or consign them ;Canandaigxta, April 26,1800. . SEW ARD—CORWIN.H. W. T.SALMON P . CHASE. THere is no other man to whom the nomination for To tiWBdftor.ef The N. y. Tribune.cringe, nor " bend the supple hinges of the knee;' for which involved me in a desperate public quarrel, and all the bonoTB the people could Deetow. He would led to the destruction of my office. Now that that is"niigersfor the niggeiiesa" is known equally withLit d gent perseverance to provide " land for the land-ruption, and almostuniversal rascality which prevailed render the supremacy of their principles perpetual, as leg a! I He has Jackson's firmnewi and *l grit;" and he Do not the views, the opinionB, and the declared out eypl^nat-on, I might avoid publicity, and win vention to concert measures for united action there-President can be given, and the honor of the Republi- Si] : It ia an old sajing of politicians that every only be judged by the record of Ms life.cans vindicated, than WM. H. Si WARD, he being the eleiti oh is the most important. That argument, whentrue exponent and representative idea of their tenets not btj ng better is at stake than " the spoils/', is a poorand teachings, which latter functions have not yet had one; put I would ask the reader carefully to consider, A HUSBAND'S LIABILITIES FOR THE Monticelk, Min., March 19,1860.lune avec les dents."this item:"On the 27th ult., John M. Roberts, a jeweler, of Pittsburgh, Pa.j brought suit in the District Uourt of that citv, against James Swinbelm of Swissvole. for a. gold watch, seal, and key, valued at $130, furnished by said Roberts to Jane G. Swiashelm, wife of •aid James. After a statement by plaintiff's counsel, and exam- ination of witnesses, the counsel tor Mr. Swlmh*lm referred to various authorities, and asked the Court to chai ge, first, that plaintiff cannot recover unless he prove the goo^ • sold and deliv- ered were necessaries, and that defendant's wife had separated from bjm for good cause; second, that he contract of the wife can only bind the husband for necessaries In case he neglects or refuses to furnish her with such necessaries; third, if the wifebors, warns to know wbat is the usage generallyiu the country, o it of the way of city influence, and suggest that statements should be sent in similar to the respon- ses to the iate ol wages, and that T i n TRIBUNE pub- lish theMnlormation.. The wri w says, that if there is a general-usage thatthe way of universal education;' * establishes false oati- matea of virtue and vice,' and 'taints the very source of moral principle.' j" Entertaining the-e opinions, they feel called upoo. by tbe magnitude of the interests already involved—in- terests which are augmenting > ear by year &*• this na- tion presses on toward maturity—to enter their solemn' protest sgainrt the assumption and exercise of powers by the General Government for the protection of4,*The object is to impress these weakened individuals that Wm. H. Seward is ono of the safest of safeguardsWILLIAMH.SEWARD. ; .cross of anincongruous marriage, I have only askedsomething of good to therace. I have sought no pub- will equalize the working-days through the year at as to accomplish the mission whioh God dosigued thisTs the Editor of The N. Y. Tribute.an, and one of whom New-York may well feel whom she basaustained, and will continue to The next question is, what are the chances for tion7 1 think all who know him will admit has a large number of warm friends, and many bltter.ijtaemies. The oldSilver-GrayWhigswill op- is the strongest reason why he should be nominated -properly represents the sentiments of the politicians, pose h in with all the venom imaginable; and their in-nation should falfill--the establishment and oxtensjoo of the blessings of Freedom, Civilization and Chris- tianity." :SIR: Permit me to'state a few thoughts in respect to the Chicago Convention) which is «hout to meet to nominate a man for President of the United States ofabout ten hours. Pay UbjSrers, who board themselves,and often go from three miles to their work,have workud for us ten good hours per day, and withthatwearecontentIfmenwhohirebythemonthorbypdblic in any definite form. Silence on my" part now the year, at laborers of all work upon a form, are about of her State Treasurer, Peck. The embezzlement ef would be treason to truth and the cause of human to adopt this ten hour system, we want to know It as the State funds amounted to $76,816. Of this sum the Freedom, with which my name is linked. I therefore soon as posidble; and we know that formers generally bondsmen for the year 1859 have paid $37,585. The ask, as an act ofjustice, that yoninsertin your columns •want the ti rlieBt possible information upon the subject, remaining balance of $39,231 falls upon the bondsae*maintain themselves vrithout PBOTKCTIOX." . .Such were the opinions of .Gov. Chase eighteen years which I then volunteered to furnish, ho has not called"Snrely there shonld be no disagreement between RepnblOwas'contracted prior tolthe separation.' This report is to be exercised for the protection or property inThe Message recommends that additional laws be> passed for the protection of property, that a registry law be passed, and that voters be required to show aa ability to lead. Great caution is recommended ia the uie of the pardoning power, experience having shown that a large proportion of released convicts are unwor- thy of the pardon tbey receive.In relation to the disputed boundary between New- York and Connecticut, the Governor concurs in the recommendation of tbe Connecticut Commissioners, that a proposition be made to the State of New-York t at escb State appoint an arbitrator,; that the t w e appoint a third, neither of whom shall be a resident of either State, that the joint Coram?Belo»ers present the surveys and facts connected with the subject to the consideration of said arbitrators, and that they, or two of them, shall recommend such a line as mayt^tbem appear jnst and proper to be established as the boundary between tbe two States.Concerning State rights and the question of Slavery^ after recapitulating the circumstances under which the, Constitution was formed, and showing in what light Slavery was regarded then, tbe Message goes on thus:which 1 id m& to turn and attack tbe laws under which what is claimed to. be a final settlement of a question.,for hea] th or pleasnre{It IIIIle can be assured, from his personal traits of char- course by civilized nations during the lifetime of any of us: andj that hewill execute his duty as he understands ' no one, I believe, proposes the adoption of that policy by the his caste dy I have askednothing of him, but exception where municinal laws fail to give that protection, or toIan independeit and fearless manner; and one United States without the oonenrrence of other xfationa. Cer- from bin presence. It does not appear possible that define those relations.tainly I do not. I am apractical\man, and wish to take practi- this deftision, and one rendered prior to it, could have " Slavery thus becomes a national system, to be de- Wp I ijB identified with the Republican cause from hon- cal views of this Tariff qnesiion,aj of every other, avoiding nl- been affected by my having opposed the election of the^ fined and protected by statute law, or undermined and1I to j IK his nomination would inspire enthusiasm amongs cloudless sky at noon-day. Lose the State of out fl'nchihfi—something to those friends who nave judgment, deserves the name of an American statesman who ber husband for even the common necessaries of life. in tbe overthrow of the liberties of the people.secure and promote the interests of labor—of onr own labor— children ebe may bear, she a:quires no valid claim on the interests and stabaity of the Union, and must result within our borders is ae clear; to mr mind as years has faced the phalanx o£\phe Slave Power with- pejif i in yet publicly mentioned in connection with! the and the general well-being of onr own people. No man, in mycarriage-house, while in a lumber wagon.I n d e I wastraixm in every direction. I know that we have always had atariff. I know that we have never had a horizontal tariff, unless Judge'wbogave it; and the only possible interpreta- destroyedhy unfriendly legislation at the discretion offor along time to come, and perhaps as long as onr Union shall wife can enforce her claim of support. , It establishes ' " Such a doctrine, nourished until it shall bring forth endure, we shall have a tariff. Now, these-thlngs being so, I amand I am, therefore, in favor of inch discriminations as will beat proceed* of her own industry, and the custody of the States, strikes a fatal blow at State sovereignty, peril*systematically afforded to the Industry of all clashes of oar citi- property left by my parents, which he now has in his and their posterity to perpetual servitude. A nationalzens. That we maintain a devoted attachment to the policy of poseeesjon. I had hoped shat after twthty years of code has wen demanded which shall protect and Oxtendnational exchanges, which s*>eures to the worktog men liberal work without wages the law would have allowed me the system. The Legislature of a confederated State,Goy.Chasestandsuponandbyhisrccord-~therecordof his life. He would not- fawn, nor cower, ncr born of poverty lent that, bitterness to my resentment.coming Presidential Election 1' Are not thefou:ic iitjion principles of this nation—baptized by theblo< K | of the old Revolutions! y sires—by hardships themott lerrible-during peven long years, for the purpose am now traveling on a lecturing tour, I find THK tbe "ten lour rule" in! vogue among carpentersand of > eetiring to their descendants the great blessings of SEMI-WEXKLY-TIUBUKE of the 6th inst., containing other mechanics. A letter from a Columbia County likertw-j-atstake ? Our fathers deplorod the existencetbe debts of the wife for any pnrpote, unless h • BM<miappears by BtanMBJtoforget the spoils,and,withasingle;eyeto *xPr«,B evidence,-orby proof offacts and circumstances from Mie | n jat interests of our common country, look over which It may reasonably be inferred. The Jury" found for the defendant. The verdict goes to.show that if a woman voluntari- whom the Charleston delegation can eelect. It would the it Id carefully and see- who is the man to be our • ly lepoxates from her husband, and leaves hia house, h» is not responsible for her debts, evem though they be Incurred for thehours that hirelings arel to j labor. One of his neigh-stitution which can only be sustained by a censorship; -I am confident tbe Opposition in Kentucky would rather ten timer over, vote for him than any nomineebors,the^nritersays,inluringamanat$16amonth,as ofthepress,byinterrupting the legalchannelsof in- telligence, and by enacting laws w*hich are4n conflicta common farm laborer, sjtipulated that he should do the with the natural rights of men, and in violation ofmorning nilking before sunrise, and tho evening milk- those principles of eternal justice which are of univer-t elected ? Who is that man ? Although I am not a pol- virtually destroy the " Union Saving party" to place stan it rd-bearer at this critical moment.c o m m » necessaries of life." " • ' . • ' • 'ing after sundown, and ojf course, not to work by anyten-hour nJe. , .1In our o vn case, we are willing to accept the ten-sal applicatiop, and which reaoh back of and are ante- rior to any hrjinan code. They are, and ever have been, devotedly attached to tbe Federal Union, but believe that loyalty to the General Government canuot be main- tained in any section of our o-juntry unless the peopleitician, and never held an ofOse, and am more than 50 years old, I have an opinion that to me looks clear. Wm. H. Seward is preeminently qualified, I think. If Mr. Seward' is nominated, you firing into,activehim upon the Republican ticket as Vice-President. The Republicans must nominate this ticket, and I believe with it success is certain.. - r . .Next to this ticket, I believe, would be McLean andBi it ire; naming any one, 'let me' here make a eugges- tioh, j Ai representative man should be selected, one that needs no backing, one that ia read of all men of everml party, known to be sound in the faith of theand that has shown his hand by bis acta. We y | do not want the Republican party to share e fate as the Whig party. .- We do not want ited. then,awordwithregardtocandidates, H. Seward is a representative man, an ableTb» domestic difficulties which twenty years ago left me without other hope in life than that of being able to serve;my fellow man, or rather my sisterbut not as some of the Irish laborers are dis-posed to interpret it; that is, never to work over ten can freely, fully, and fearlessly discuss the principlesexertion a vast number of powerful men warmly at- Caseins M. Clay. Bates never. tached to Gov. Seward and to the Republican party;or rather my woman, I have evor esteemed as private property. During all the many years in which I hung upon thehour rule,oat if yoa drop him you cool the ardbrj of such men aa the Republican party have relied upon, and who have builtitup. Xo manhas half-so>manytrue acd warm-hearted friends in this country. Many of the men named have manyhvarm sectional, and some of tbem many national! friends, none of •whom w21 be ashamed to vote for Gojr. Seward. BatI*xiag*n,Ky., April 9, I860.g M 1 N A R D' Black Republican.'hours any <lay, and, of course, not over eight hours inupon which it la founded, and en which it must be sus- tained. They will vindicate themselves before the world, in embracing every offered opportunity to influ-IUntitled DocumentSIR: In a log-cabin, in Central Minnesota, where Ijnut penalty of violated law, tbe peopl^ of this State believe that Slavery.' is an evil which has preyed upon | the very vitals of the Union, and has been prejudicial to all the States in which it has existed;' 'that it dis- farmer, who\mtes on behalf of himself and his neigh- courages arts and manufactures;' 'places obstacles insettled, comes this long dreaded public exposure. My AFMEND. Gcd and father, is there no end, no test this side the grave ? liut; " Tby will be done on earth, even as itWinter, aid never work rainy days, which) of course,ofourFatherthatoutofmygreatagonymightcome areallattheemployer'sloss. Asageneralrule,these encetheadministrationortheFederalGovernmentsoThe .cost of sustaining the MiMa has b*en during the year $16,339 05, .a reduction of $12,764 85 from to*9.••Him'*,i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com •"•--'