 'tosidents that sense of security which we were en- thing for his coining, so that he saw nothing but the BOX. J. J. OEITTF.XDEN O.N MR. LINCOLN iSDtlicir They are sovereign;, rights.youarethe oldproud Whigs'Justa,greatand theharm, even if they intend it.sg:H< ycnngoigt gimea, /ribog, KoDember 2. isflonePwUMralk»P«t-k*-nuafAttMk -aft. Waid wlA theAHIes-Vke Tkraat- eaedAltaekafOwSekebamSkmaghml.'From Onr Own Oomspondrat. Sbakshai, BatonUy, Ang. 16, 1S6S.'SljffD provinces;very strongis by a raised roed or causeway, two or threemilssin length, and about sixteen feet wide, Onkeepenoughany time sufficiently hard to admit of the move-lear^ac, they will not bead fooled again: '• t'aadcried, " Pu *M' mew Mniter Vmmthe South come,the Ta-ku forts is an entrenched camp of TartarIHiHi!.' .'Viva Elian Kossuth:Missouri,aitton BOW far tke tfataa Caqnalilledlynnder Lincoln's AdmtBlstratioa. Correspondence of the New-York Times.Ifsickness would ensue, not oidy from the malaria of the marshes, but from the^bominable stench of dead horses and cattle thrown overboard from the English transports, and carried back and forthKkytheBut the mightiest change is, that in the public feel-to allunquestionably, practical intents and purposes,'longIt proceeds:Slavery everywhere;butamongnominations anddemonstrations in'Boston;and nowippTirV.VIWJ • pr£iB8fntfi^jntoM. cimn. •iCcTaeABMXxve4lltM-«keCU> Stolenfromthetale.'An English gun-boat arrived here -yeste/daymoniuig from the Oalf of Pecheli with news fromthe ilUed forces. The alUed fleet anchored aboutnine miles iiom the month of the Pei-ho on tlio30th of July. The British fleet alone numbers fiftypendants and one hundred and forty transports. who have just returned to The debarkation commenced on the 1st of August. ney In Hungary andtws young Americans in Abrudbanya. only been showing you the cause, but the Soutli has" Everywhere we went, the name American was a mistaken their remedy. Her troubles would accumu- South would do in case of Lincols's election. His der the nime of the BeU-Ever«t pa,??, SlK^,Si'of coming in ahead In the first place,Of the English by leaping into the water and smk- otlier European countries, since ISii". The presentBON. JSrr. DAVIS TOThe Washington correspondent of the Philadelphia ran round so fast that he coolTdtnttg-ctoaullnetdhl^. So U>-ThePrwich secured the gloryHimgaryhaschanged,like all received by the small remnant of Hungarians with Is elected they will secede. They will make theirble Ending. The forts at the viUageof Pehtang tribes and tlie several religions is widely different these remain in the hands of Hungarians. The Wal- coln comes to take his seat he will find the whole he is expected to lay down the course that the South- party defies all my poireis oTeOmiMtation. Expe- frcm the mutual hatred which reigned ten years ago. lach nation Is the onfy one that never produced a dis- movement perfected. It becomes us, then, to look em States must pursue In the event of the election of rience tells me that at the polls they will turn oatwere occupiedthe next day, having been previous-tinguished manThe principal dance was the iia and see that no man who desires the welfare of the LiaooLii. As I write I have before me an advance their usual corporal'sbut are Use to-oay tbeywaitedthe demands of herare somewhat different fromoay I can judge of the stieoftll of tke; Bwwthia^'bi^tlifted one of usclosely with those States which would defendone of the greatest minds, if not the greatest, intrue,came from and settled in the Bohemia,at • distance Ofilflftoat four mUes, is another Tartarthousand men. It is poeed that the plan of attack wft be first to destroyHiand '• rn-o ."'11may,DavuMr. Freatiee'S Abaadoameattroops, estimated at 40,800. On the AlUed right, Mountains. Here tended their theywhy shoidd youIt is not be theof or camp fortyTHE DlSCmOIl PROBLEM.Mr. C. then spoke of the prosperity that would ac-crue to St. Louu in case of harmonious tmiun. Inforty years St Louis would have a million inhabit-ants, and the Mississippi Valley seventy-five millions. The nfaaamanlaes af Uassachnsetts—Tke the Journal editor is noteworthy. Eren over a year There would then be no use for the swordsup-this camp on Uie right, reach the hard ground plain for themselves. These distinguishmg charac-as,and drift—his mind be-fiftyteristics have existed ever since. The bclaves are front of them in flank. The approach by the still shepherds in the mountains. The Hungariansstill ride upon the plain. It would be too much topublic The Washuigton Star thinks it absurd for the opinion would rule, and confer more blessmgs than allago he began to alterbis tonethere, and thus take the forts and the camp inCongresstoBalIke Frabablo Besalt.gan to waver about the authority and infiilliblllty **^ "causeway;Correspondence qf the New-York Timesand sent large of fruit.< and HouseofHapsburg. presentsDemocratic Partyof the Slave States. Thereis no ordie Bostoii has been calledthe ModernAthens. tbeymustknowthepresentfeelingsandopinionsefthe Ifriendly,fiesh provisions. The junks bearing them coollyWe have no faith whatever In thecalled Union Party of the South to stem the current in the North are appealing to us to save th^. Umon Perhaps justly so called. Certainly, however, thosethe Allied fleet, and wereof course, but were courteously released at the re-we deal with a robber, is to tell him when he demands;passed throughquest of Commodore Steibli.vr. One of them, **tion from LiKCoi,H himself. They are not a live party, wayfrom wirose prominence,as hersheandin returning, found ithard pulling to get alonsas being really willing to submit to the success of any conceivable scheme of abolitionism, sooner than risk a dissolution of the Umon, and therefore themmaythe tide, and called on an steam EnglishTake two or three proverbsregardIt is also provincial.to them what it is to us; if it is not a guarantee of Party, so is it now in 1860, when ridden by the rump now Ignores the entire territorial question asagainstgun-boat on their way with a request to be towed In.:iftheywillnot,it willbeforthemtodecide,righiaat the Pei-ho in the midst of the allied fleet, thatwould at all compensate for the risks run by sons: Jxsus Cubist and Louis" KoasuTHof the people;arebetterinthanout. Thehas but given way to the Suffolk junta.Shanghai.coLK's election. Ever since the fall of that city some ears, -'Elian Kossora," (Viva Kossuta) they will t'^The sectionalof the Democratic Party, promises or breaches of compromises. In 18'iO the one, rcai party in the>field. They are instructive, as M OEEESAD. We shall hear no more about the daagernumber who threatened disunion was small It Is ;now very large, because so many consider It neces'-sary to bargain with traitors to keep them In the Con-federacy. We are a great people. We can have no years agofear uf a dissolution of the Union. They tremble, but nearer thirty than twenty years that the great princi-has been felt that they might pay us •lyr^ension —A number of foreigners missionariesout of the action of thevisitedSu-chanand beengreatest reverence, and in perfect silence.The conduct of GoxaasT is as much a puzzle to thema's delegates to the Charleston Convention to with-captured,^representatives,It is not easy to see what advantage could begained by the p^sence of two American steamers* est ilia :" (Out of Hungary there is no life :keonfeased his crime, and implicated others in the enough tobacco for his own use without askins is, Will you vote for Mr. LnooLa when the South begs eignties. Aad) when a suiBcleat auaber of Southern and to loud keir exultatun mnn n.^ .,. .^!""|l^|lv^'leave; and every peasant could procure for hlmseU, of you not to force him upon them Tpopular vote, and how could he be aSBi- tainedwithsuchamajorityagainsthim,andalsothe Bouse and the Senate both In the majority aaalnst him? He would bePopular SentlmeBt—HoaTy TrnxtafHr-Wax impossible,atanyprice,togetthepurearticle. The fromhimhis salary. [Cries of **Veaermtloa far Kaiaaljk—De« peesaiQs smoke the best tobacco, for they smuggle It suaig^t from Turkey.regularly, not only dotoe? £LS?^ ^ST"' *?*bu8tee«.. It is said that hewa.s detected by being seento MTein his rossession oneofthetSOObillsSoTercdanaet shall bare been established' and recog-tMbferms of a Southern ConfMAiW!'''"TheLancaster(Fa,) sayst " an H^ftsiAs appropriate aceompanliaant to the above,of^^ ^come toamy knowledge through coupleof friends long jour-of usuallystrong drink. In Abrudbanya, which has chainwoulu then bebroken. How would It be reme-by there,nowinboth atonce places; and, wUIe^ FACTSABOBTUUNGART.tax must be paid even on(obaccogrownathoob,andailsaleIsutterly for- bidden. Further, the Gofamment adulterates Its to- bacco, as ttdoes Its coln-etmeney, and it Is next tocinatfrn^ways cndnSS^±^' tlds_^baU«. apparttionvailBhes.andirhiSrfS?'^'^- Thaatba neSelectionday. H^"th£ui2l52.?«»" ""^ «" th6.same fiuce enacted, vrtth SiSS^^'^*'"' '' *» But ever in the interim the poori. S?', ???»'TMtt«- wander about in the•r Bncea—coptioBS Practiced npaa tke Emperoi^-Uo w Amerlcaaa are Kecelred ia Haogsry* quoting the account given me oTthe reception of these the disunion of the South. tCheers.] But I hare'with one ot the most distinguished and mostMdUurtrt^oo^^fih.^S*"From Oar Own Oorrexpondent. fxiiBiii), Saxony, Monday, Oct. 8, liS59.for us to Instantaneous favor. Theand dreams of tlic Hungarians are as great, in relation to our c<iuntry, as their Ignorance. "They are besidelate the moment she left the where they would end.reply was, substantially, that they would do nothing tuaate have fumed and fifedud fn^nTiI shall devote this letter to the relation of facts in tlie prest-ut condition of the Hungai ians, which barethemselves with joy at meeting one of usdowith themgolovemment.the eliect of a secession of lour or five States f TheHow lrlend«tSB hardly ttiey i^!!^Freiberg, Transyhanla.after athe Wallachs, rich with the of their murderedmUided men—brave and honorable.does not love him for the injuries be received from him,tection" has not theslightest moment or py ieigT,tfi<-«ndelayed, it was npprehended that much still more inclined to sympathize with the Hungari-ans, but are er.tirely tmder the influence of their;heaa. TheGreeK Church, still acknowledgenounces It an abstraction. Hr. To-dayspiritualrest, although they belongand tliauks forIn his speech at Fredonia last Friday, Gov. SEWAanthere is, it is not uur kindSome of them go so far as to say,.states without submitting the question to a formal voteand that if force be used by the General Government to compel those States to submit to thejuntatheChinese city of Shanghai. Last week an English had already won. It is proved that he knew of the the Alabama Convention, were— — wang," ^Faithful King himself,that the whole Poutjiern Democracy liad.takeii position with Alabama,York,to Furoiie cheaper than we do? Who will protect your negroes better ilian we, "with Fillmore and his iiiai ines.the economists and utilitarians, and now to An- updrew and a founded on hu political Republicanisni,inanity :md morality. Finally they are amusing, be-by keeping up tilavery agitsSoDtination was first Suns Kiang, and then ShanghuiNow, if South Carolina and Alabama prepare to1 wishyoucould once be with me in a Slave State,cause of theand na- forcibly-feeble ponderously-light tilingsthat their des-;Hisprompted b} any selfish motive, entirely failed of itstheyfrom Austria.a state of excitement, mixed up with somesb'ght degree of alarm. We had no^ American with so much affection and veneration,will and Tex- prevent i'lorida, Mississippi, Arkansasanythingno more idea of going out of the Union than you have.Then tne threats ana alarm on that subject? it whysuccess. Democrats and and treasonable con- ta|fe mttMideOf the election of John A. Andeew—and tnat by an duct of Southern nsunMBlSB; and that, thoagh Lm-,decidedly opposed the scheme of making a test of the Alabama Platform.to them in. They say that they will go out of keepthe Union so that it will cost us more to get our sugar and cotton. Stocks wiil.go down. The streets inbe into What will New-York City will giass. wheatcost you in that case? What will your negroes be worth? When grass grows in tlie streets of New-tangible shape in the formation of a pure and simple Free-SoilRepublicanParly. Inrecentyearsthepro-than Mr. BxEcxmineEover improbable.bythAustrians, seems;probablybought..')ceded long ago. If it is to them what it is to us, theydesertion of 20,000 of the to his enemythat there is ground for ap- LtHcoLrtbaa from aa- that Mr. Lihcolh wfil of-genHsmanhadreturnedfromSuchanwiththestart-ling announcement that an expedition, numberingsome twenty thousand men, had actually startedfor this place. He had seen them em'jark on bribed. Ke is living in comparative obscurity, a Baltimore by all the rest, with the exceptions so in-" ^s as to on the minds of all the fact their boats, and had been told by the C'lung- rrolessor of C'heinistr>- at Kla^eiifurtfi. He possesses significant impress; ofless evil fromprojectedstandard. And yet the vulgar supposition that he" wasNevertheless,oncomingtogetherat CharlestoUjand gettmg into a muss over them, not only Alabama, but half the balance of the South withdrew from affilia- tion with the Northern —to be followed at— have been distinct and well definedprehensionother BccuAA'AHfend the South less than Mr. Buchanak has the NorthRussians or the Theie is no evidence of hisgressive stepsascending from Gardner and the dark days of theas it was unexpected.But while the Hungarians remember '*our Louis''what power but one to grow up in their own midst hear said about disunion there. They have tures of the would-be parties opposed to Republican and its power andj^ comh)g;,trinmpb to the didngsoflonger Theycomplete separation"Yanoet, TooHBS, Wise,could not exist as anPop^.best sheof November. The cry is BuauiraAusoi, if Our God has maIf, the others of the Whig Party.Southern band, it is to them a cui^e, it were better they had se- us under new faces and new names. The Essexthan useless.The maisUenance of the Union is now the all-iing question with him, in comparison with which heconduct,Thisphilosophically the politics of Massachusetts, and of Bos-1 cannot better close this desultory letter than by» hen he can do no good, and his election would serer this Utfon, why in^t on his elecUon ? I condemnpugna- cious of the SoufhCaroUnalBecessionlsts. Being la tne South Carolinian's loom, our Lancaster friend asked him for bis csntUd, private opinion as to what thethe farce bas been enacted betterGotten up fegartlless of expense, witht^ i.???^ the strongest of the stock company upon tee bm^„?pa.'sportUnion,telling ,more than tcJk. A Convention would be called, flam- made, and strong resolutions passed de- claring what tbey would do in case the new Adminis- tration did certam things, which nobody Is silly enoughand fay things,withnothingbuttheir childish enthusi-;what wouldbeThis Soutli theworkedwhatmoney tbeyhare spent!Eachmaa iiere.nowasm to incite them, which are consfrered theattempted. 'etlectsuch sad cause to remember the scenes of *4», where died ?onehave now taken spoilsneighbors, up their abode, we werewill not wait his They say ther inaugural andiess, but as soon as hehimself look like a dozeiuhis master to count his pigs, Oa returning, leihi'iiaa him " in that rich Irish brogue," that be tiad eoontad all the pigs save one, " a Uttle (df," bathefifth the voters, we are sensible that in nearly every Southern State the Disuulonists per se have the con-your attention,you good night.of the Free States fromto troops, wc bad but 1,500 men. On Tuesday tion were restored to them, » hose blessings they nev-^ such a confiU< nee. The first gun firetl to the end of must be done, they raise im alarm about John Brown, right. Being in convulsions at this, they forthwithmonung a rebel proclamation was found poste.1around tiic settlement, stating that they intend-uped to come very soon. Mr. Bruce and M. Bolr-er have been permitted to enjoy. For the Constitution which they ixmand is not the old feudal one, but tne new one, wlucli tlieir magnates in March,the alarm at the North, and are sure of four _\earsmore. They will take Beeceinriiige for Presi-nominated Mr. Lawrence, who supplied the samesystem, ^ reinforcement of 200 men from Chusan and teiiiuit.pca-.mt'Vassalinto a '• our are Lni|ue?tioiiably people preparingto take:'And that an infe-:I appointed. be abe done in case of attack.While 1 am writing, a rumor reaches me that tne rebels are within four miles. If this be true the time of trial may be near at hand. The hour of the steamers leaving is very near, and I mii.-t beand willThe best men of the Soutli—aye, and of the North, too—have declared that the South must not, cannot live under Black Uepubllcsn rule. If fijr no othermiachi<^f*nightas far ininto the state of matters outside.Ob further inquiry I find it {irobably true thatjurore by all ciasses. The most ordinary day-laborer true aSio.dusthteorints Gmlaoukriinogus South CarEovleirnyatatives, who are loyal to the Constitution, instead ofoff toinquirewill have his embroidered breeches, and day strength.top-boots wilt lead the way, anu Alabama, Florida, (Georgia and leaving it in therepulsed. It wms however a great mistake to leaveso small a force here <or the protection of the set-tlement, if they meant to hold the Chinese City,also against the Insurgents. Fifteen himdred men of Hungary than the Emperor of' Austria. It is al- are not sufficient to hold a front of four or five milesagainst 20,000 men, even if they are little more thanthe re-—Carolhia might deem it necessary to the preservationa rabble—at least it is not suflicientof Ms realms the army of officials preparedbright side. In two weeks' time a splendid road was;there andstrangersi You have a just right to bear testimony m "embrace and slobberover thetitled to expect.Shoald the rebels attack Shanghai it will beeqtiiTslent to atdeclaration of war against Englandand Fnnce, and who can tell where it will end ? '• cordialfavor of truth, justice and humanity. All you do is as the popular sovereigns. Say to the slaveholders, this is our land and yours. You own the Territories infilthy Democrats,"with the Know-Nothlng. with the lamb, and it Is all:/ 1860, ( Sept. 26,;sidered that the present election was of momentous importance. All that was asked of the people is that they should preserve the Government and the Union,:helping us,the mlUenium^The A^l"*"" Bxpresa Company In Lack. AKBIST or PABTIB8 WHO HAD BOBBED TH£M INI!The Louisville Journal says that Mr. Yancxy, Iu hisRespectfully yours, HORATIO. KING,giveevery-and the Irishman strikes hands the following notePosi-ornos DirAxnaHi, AppontTMSHT Orrici, (s.we shall do it.MR. YANCEY THROWS OFF THE MASK.or evi-emplpy, and on his arrest he confessed his guilt. Tiie The shops were closed for joy that had not beenthey advanced. Mr. Crittenden concludedand the success of the stratagem was Wten asked what he had done with the money, he complete. Abrudbanya lies on the direct route to theareis reserved for some punishmentBanUiburgh Union saysfor yearswb««he had spent Uie money, and also took, tbe place wnere he burned the bal.ince. andhim to showedbut his is and that will un- man, pft^ty sectional,proffer admission very tracks,Isnayopenthirty dollars, had fifteen on gold mines,commensurate witii him. We did not Knowto undertake to bribe Kentuckians intoticket of the Disunionists the by:;whenever he tUnks it to an officer of the Ctovemmeat held how he shall vote. I accepted office on no such con- never will as as the Lord shall let mesaid tbat he had spent *but the Emperor's geographical knowl- man. He may be afight, singand inend. Over Europe tliere is no power that would ac-and less judicious than nee on the Platform, generallysleepHungarycountry now,cept the protection Eurojie.aDouglasin them,is theof the Slave The United States.his In the acquiescencewelcome." florins each.The recusant were fined tour Democrat brings an abstract of his address. He con- you have the right;out. ,of the Admiidstration, and abusive of the personallytheyIndepen-assumingand the election of Abhaham IjIncoln for President,her^pif,adopted184P, and which their enemies seem persistently toMORK lUSION.(Ala.) Mail grows more furious ashis famous rifles. Neither state- ment is correct, but the latter Is a less disingenuous sist <in a man for President who does care that Slavery falsification of truth than the first. In Ma^sarliusetts,.-hall be voted down. No aigunieut can be addressedPolitical Xiscellany. THK KLECTIQK IS INUIAKA.At the late election in Indiana, there wereTi'elast extremity against them. We have received ignore. Tftis Coa.-.titution did away with the feudal election approaches. In J recent is.suo it saysBALON have determined to hold the city to tiieMontgomeryand transformed theto the heart of the people In its «.'efence. The heart ofi-.Hif of thurnselves. inthe event of l^ie succes-sof Blael^ every man rebels at Its touch—every man knows that and Nmth Congressional Districts. Of the result iuchosenthree gur.-boats. Our gua-boat Sa^niiaic wjs hern, The Ireeiioiii ofbut has left, to-day, for the North wiLh Mr. Every man ia hostile'lo the Government, and no man timents and opinions 'about tlic duty of tlie South danger pocket.Wabd'S mail, having orders to go unmediately on hesiibtes to .'ay it openly. Even the ofljcehoiders (so from all quarters come the notes oi resi'^tance. As cattle, and here in Chaulauque, 1 beg to know wheth-speechin t!ie Kingdom is.^tartlint;. are gtttmg more chary in the expression of their sen- charge. Take care, wc shall lose our trade. The doubt. The Republicans now, as in 1850, will sweep Keps. (huldiriK ovei->. iijDem. (holo lug over).the arrival of the mail, under any circumstances..The settlement is now in a thorough stale oi de- The German element (wtucli crmsi.<< of Saxons from well uidted. God se"nd that day speedilytlie Thirty-sixth, the"Massachusetts line will be un- llOt'SE.now on Republicans (elected).. -C2;Democrati (elected).fence, but the line is long and our men insuf-in the fact that the Overt-Act" men are graduallyin the ustj^ly quietRECAMTl'LATION—SENATE. .28: Democratsmajority of.BOISE OK EEPRESENTATIVES,62 Add Senate maj. of.the moeth uf the Elba, and some Suabians, who all The blood of the South is disappearing.becomingRepublicans RepublicanRepublicans DemocratsWe have many rebels and many vu,';i- came m the sixteeritli and seventeenth centuries, and hot. The is not three weeks off when tlieday 'agents'ly ? it appeals to no man by terrors, but by senti-ficient..bonds in the heart of our settlement, an.l ii:uch settled mostly in Zipser County) is entirely Matjyar in and 'pioneers* will have to be very, very cautious. inenls of virtue and Jiumanilysquatter-sovereign. Hon. gress, little seems known outside of tJie dl.strict.walk inpray spurs, and, for all I know, tliey;thought it our to it to andiscarded by the Texans,—This fashion has not yet lasted a year. the close of the Italian war.Few intelligent men know less about the conditionof her rightsof Fiance would not do what you have done soto be.most impossible for him to get at the truth upon the subject. When he made a tour through that portionuponconstructed, by the labor of thousanusinhabitant was forced to turn out and stand in the line on the banks of the river, in order to give him aand Zalathna are two oncetowns, which were plundered by the Wallachs, the mhabitants being massacred and the houses burned.AbrudbaiiyaflourishingThey remain to the present day in ruins. and'burned the rest InBe teld CoL Bimgham, the Presideift of the Company, Ids officers struck into a long, circuitous way, and for lum. I believe him to be an honest, patriotic^•r,??. r^Wetzel's swamp. edge was notandwelland they power. M.ary years agoa but in their mental de-fuUvHe recovered the notes spent by Sihhoxs, and had niiri coemttted tojaU. It is alleged, and geaeraliy b<'. Itered, that Suutons Is partially Insane, and this u-iief is stTOgthened by the fact that he was once, for ;t time, confined in the State Lunatic .Vsyluui. Themade to the Bank that the had been proofbeing moneyI^^ ^mnbers of the notes having ad been fceserred Irr register, there will probaoly be a retaos. and the Company will lose very little in the Otd. The young man will probably be again cun-•' Wc have a conversation with a hadllltT'T"* *''<^hi..,lite,and " Go back .'" screamed at them togesticu-falj be free.of a noblerace,gentleman, remarkably siirewd and well-informed poutician, w-homore extraordmar\-\for that partyCovr,'r office, and actuaUy stUlthe State Lunatic Asylum."The Barttod (Cona.) Timet has th^knexed para- mfluence isinterview!of am to MojgnadtoIn somefeel sensitive, and of Texas, and Meee, oI Alabama, held "a melbijcholy, theirbe recollected that on the night of the 16thteen men,)thecontinual" party.Mr. SekardTheNe?r-a»Tenr»ll(Kti*myou polls,ACo.*ssafewasthrustfromtheyears studying tlie order to be Hungarianlanguage,inthreats made by thisthe irrepressible conflict."a crusade against the South ? And is not thisasacertainty. OnFriday..Mr.Wi.ifallspokelarils.hold solemn conclave.Iof tl6,000 In cash. The act wasable to assume the tlirone when time arrives, th?propernot before, and Insulted now, forregardwithout reserve hi revard to t!:-; pi.ui adopieYearly they erect their stand-—to defeat the doittheyorganizetheirforces. EachtimeItis tobeIn this State, when the cars .i!^'' french [way, but It was not discovered , ho?,;.?., T^"J'""'He said that SouthCarolina was to tal,e the Ic-id'j^n'.The Freeman's Journal gi>New-York, when the safe was ^%T«- They later, it was found under the ?i l.',?^'"''* ;e,nearWestport,thebottom l"'.nfhE^!S',„"?ultra-revolutionary"Paris, 18«0,"of the South at this time? Could she such a President 1 That's her condition,biguous advice "We faU not00 in cash which It contained, ,n,n"v„hh»?l,hu",'li^.you,ernment at Washmgton, asking recognitionGenerals-In-Chlef,Staff,—and in addition to this whoI1;11^::must know. It was re- that on one occasion, duringwholly departed-when shall (if God willing) SnraxK A. DocoiA^ and Hebschsi,!habitants lookhis entrance into seven- Jobs Beown, Virginia, (withupon a tteneral plan of action m the event of Lincoln's election, which they professed toby tiiein.Cuitises, ourour Lunts and our SaltonstaUs,our Hll-transgre^ ""^S',-* taies its readers this am-... ,^„^minuteavoided tllit second town altogether.own InfluenceAll Governmentof the Emperor and Empress hangingdoubtedlyHisw'lierever he set his teet, should be shovelled from tlie haslating'"** awiiy witliout an;Ileft Washiujzton City last Friday evening.He statesy, ar after year in theofficers have not deemed be ",relied upon, witli much it•.-.^.1 in the face oi upon puttingCap-musters of privates- on the Bolting Breckinridge J.mMHuagarymijlit grow HucsUon,partisan, putwhich must answer at the and mat JioB and tccepUou In behalfsover- 8«WD A.enoughKentuckian,that speaksions enoughvoting for thedition, andUmaaHiied the Colonel that what he had said was true and all lunlieepers are expected to do the same tnlng, cede in case of his election. 'They are men of highttie asbee and fragments uf the notc:i. wliichin their houses,that have btmnd themselves bv a sealed to se- leaguehonor and deterinmatlon.I will not the ReDublicans are .\bolitionists, but sayto and lated hisfrom them,are still monarchs in thefhowtheirloyalty. trustworthy the Emperorspurs,dance inheharm, being restrained by an anti-Republican majori-times fcir a nomi- body,-aCnidncinnati fifty-seveannd statesIt began aftersoon, when the case » ould be differentwhen Northin GranTHE THBEATS Ot DISUNION.As the telegraph has already announced, Hon, J. J.CaiTTi.NBxa at St. Louis on Monday last. The spokeThus the lion lies downspurs,presentmade,morethat in votingevery" The world has beenfor the sake of from the begin- stay mixed, and,"It is aUeged that you have been for twato make hun notice that to be so. He is aofficlalaare oBliged to have picturescontrol his course. There are four States ot the favor, the privilege, tlie into a Convention of foul traitors.But that this is not deep loyaltyCar(iliu:tlusionla-^t makes this trich, it is said, wUl hide hisby an eye-witnessjourney, a body of eight hunored Hungariansanew. Ashe saw them coming he thought it an attempt tipon blacks might be free. Is not this fanatical ?out to meet their him and oledgeThey desire theIn a couiu he benor andraceThe South, in lace of all>manner more excited than dignified satisfied till the cavalcade turnedriorto a servile Insurrection. Under these circumstances, that some of the principal Breckinridge leaders from bei eves that it hu.-. a body. But for a dash of the pie and manhood. I claim to be free to act as » cin-poLioN.and comingoffirndy believe that he has been sevenandinton, agreedWluthrops,Post-olhcepamphieis are 'in circulaUon— J'outh Carolina, having declared herself an inde-and summon to It "the conservative masses ;""'«in their and treatan excuse aggravateddated y«'»'.o^,the course: . .,,^rc f"e"Jsresolveyearlyandof Divis- the'° "^ll•• s"'"",",'"^*''" immediatelyhow condiUon beforearmy. It Has itsion and Brigade,—its Colonels, its Majors and itswere taken to ascertain who many he had brought over," and how many could Lincoln on them, for 'would be forced out of thejto be If the Govern- magnificent arraythe present time. Last unintelligible to them but on Uiidii.i.gs t..hia,iti tihme,y were Whyto be insisted^^ ^„ ^^_.^were arrested at „a was Mr. Stibbihs, the 'between New-York and Bos-Americans he left them andWashingtonofseccsiionment should receive the South Carolina Minister,of officers itpersonsagain. These intrigues, if (hey have real existence. him chair, for the result wUl are as to the In the Presidentialunquestionable.then one not warranted hi sa>mg corporal's guard. Then it issues manifestoes to^^ ^^yet noUunggreat voice of thenation, tainly be perilous.Take Bell and Eveeeit, andi am the other cotton States, in whateverorderthey mightthe^caimotU to vote for Ja-spcakmgpatent causes of dissatisfaction la flwt StUHH J*" tvb»«c» moaojioly. Once eacU manallegianceIcreed. thustheydestroyhginemay parts of Hungary and Transylvania French is it not natmal;subjugating receding States will aniiiUiiate every piospect of a Union Party in every Southern tState."mittn section.the Unionbymen orla either PONTIAC.to the Govern-As a sort of negative hostility towards Vienna, the reason, the South would resist the Lincoln Adminis- of this I ontroversy about Unibnfcehng, ment as thego Hungariansopposition themselves.-national costume has been revi\ ed, and is wofu with tration on account of the mulatto Hamlix. And the sentiment is itself felt.uiilon and treason to ;.;—of them has done tue work of six—now.IflJIllJlfther;such treacherv to thewhipped Whigs of Boston.whoTwo gun boats half-hussar jacket But the queereot item is the spurs. Mii-sif fippi will follow and stand by her side.'' keep making new sacrifices to save tlie Union, and has in every respect, except physical ''activity, thor-the' rebels are not very &r off.bare gone to' meet their boats to inquire their in- The original Magyars, as I have already said, were atentions. We have been annoyed so much with nation of rideis, and a pair of spurs is therefore con-false rumors that we know not what to believe.On Thursday night last, some of the ladies amichildren were sent on ship-board foi security, but wine, tlie "knecht" that blacks your boots, the barberlast night it was thought that the courage of tha that shavesrebels had be gun to fail them. Should they ven-ture to attack, they will have to sustain a greatloss, and there is every probability that they will be ail others, to adopt mat fuii-Uress umiorm recently' ty in all the other coordinate branches ol the General States is the only country where Slavery is a Power. tlie one which preceded it.sidered an indispensable part of the national costume.The Wilmington (N. C.) Journal reports a recent secede. They can ally themselves with no one. They temperament and a telling speaker, by his wondrousterrogatoriesthe21Stin.st. HereaffirmshissupportofDoneLASEverybody wears ."^purs you. They>ortli and West. They can scarce sustain them-the cotirse of the delMates to the Virginia—the waiter that bring.s vou:publicbis:'!I[lows Jcitythe1He Is an .\nti-Slavpry very good man,'jitheytsU dutiespreaches among preachingIs that"feel that, within thirty days after Lincoln'.-* election, iind yearly the conservative masses" do not come.andSiiy,theyweremistakenfor whetheryoucensuresovereignty, wouldsend an cinbiisja.lorTlieyRepublicans,toHu„:nryAustria,*r.safe withor condemn her. She lays her pendentana vvhoaroendcisep^coa^sed^'^^^^^^^^^^^'^heHe w-as no Disunionist, but he sjouted the ideahave scarcely the number of half the freemen of theenergyheImpresseswith a much greaterto lum. He losts^)eechofGov.Winslow, Inthecourseofit "of tlie couipulsionwhen his began, campaignevery beenConvention into withdraw fromas fol- :Iappohitment"Now for Mr. Lincoln.sane. Theirinsanityismania. They are insane on the one subject of their necessary to dictatesustain the abolition of not only in the Slavery,theyvote forV. JouseoB, I have ever submitted to anybody tome how I should vote, as long as I fulfilled theroue Territories but in tlie States. That is the of their spiritLoui.-svlUe your/irti ofthey " morethatwasquite Union.IsItnotrigh"t,thefn-,theyshould—be heardThe beUef was, that the Presidentwould receive thetee, fusetovoteIt.^^ do»°'„^y,'h'1'ei;namestobepat.wcei^m-for thet<Hi.:isya;webeaerenoneofthemoneyhasbeen erabletaxationandfreetobacco. Fmorthoenre-toofntghue,most nopaiyloisuanw.illI havetreanndqeuailvloirteydtobemoreotine choose,should^havingseverally-Wehad permiuedis Ills electionthey never saw him nicli fatal consequences tupon Do not insista State s ConstitiUion, has asserted rightpreviously^^^^^w ould the white man that theTheremarkable s atementMondaytnat his whole body is concealed.a of the parly consisting of these gemlementhis,:Now Voics—Suppose aIn their **""•freeafcostinmoney,thesoleluxuryofhislife.HDMBtlyanidsssiumbdjecttothesaamelawwiththeother ttiItrwdooufltdbesustainhlra. Buthewouldgetonlyoiw-^ gressorConvention,andadoptILIlMKcanagree,the wlthaTagueldeart5K»n?foiS?«'«"•^P^"""^hopesand noThey expect in the South to force all in the South to ing speechesgentlemenabout, and ibouted so lusUiy, that it seemed imSS slble that these men could be our olddistinguished honor, movement in November next, and for the Tlity instituted a dauce in our honor. The burgo- conflict. Mr. Buchikar is now Presipdreenpt,arbeut he has master, the doctor, and all tlie notabilities were pres- not the energy to coeice them. They are not afraid ent, (for, it must be observed, although the Wallaclis of Mr. Bcchakah, but expect thatafter his past coursePress writes :" JxrpxESOH Davis is to make his great speech on Party, of the Douglas patty, and eren of the Breckla-lOflmee deep m mud. The EngUshtide -receded a Uttle and secured a more coraforta- what they were then. The feeling among the several are most numerous, thev are not fit to hold offices, and he will connive at disunion. And when Mr, Lin- Saturday next, Nov. 3, at 'Vlcksburgh, Miss., tn wMch ridge party , but that " little riaa-talM " Sell-Brereltt|llpeopleEver since the Hungarian rebellion was crushed outly atandoned by the Chinese. No attempt was at Vilagos, Austria has treated HuBgary as a ooaqoered eiea to fury, and rather deficient in grace. The the men to give peaceguard,leap- Lincoln is elected these men o the South willabout three per cent. This was prababiy something ing figures shoatlag at intervals, (offioe-kbtders their word. We shall hare Olsuoion, I know not of sweepstake of $3M for the best company In the Sooth. the politics of Messsohantts. uextraordinarybeggar,;seven it would make a man and all.) •' ysBceof athe tides. The American Minister, Mr. Ward,in the steame r Harlford, was present at the an-chorage, somewhat to the annoyance of the Allies. ing of Hungary herself. There is a unanimity, an action, and can only be prevented hrom using it asThe Chinese authorities were, of course, very enthusiasm, a determination, which bodes ill to the they please by such action on Lucolk's part as we Who threatens, who attacks the Union t It is the BioELOvr or Rice—under which King, Bostonian, speak things as they are, and make the best of themtrol of the machinery for efiecting State and suggest.philosophical, awaits, asmay,against protection.He tells his brethren of the South Ihey must takeof the so-citatiie people. They love their country, and are of the" tide of affairs there, unaided by such demonstra- from the secession of the Slave States, TheTheMagyarsareachildishlyenthusiasticandex-powerDemociatlcPartyanywhereelse. Thepanic-makersNorth,themajorpartoftheUnion,uponthesubjectof<even of its drawbacks. If youVomplain of theproudbad traveling on their great sandy plains, they say:and possess a very small share of the popular comi- our deuce. Hundreds of thousands regard meir leaderspurse,and we are the take it if strongest,you canquestionhi the Territories up at all, may notforget along so fast over our roads, we can ^tell you !"wayto d ;al with Secessionists ;topolitics,equallyto theof slaveit 1°': The immediateUesia the fact that mattersYes, indeed,t/iere^stravelingyou:get it^is,say,protection never oomeproperty if it comeYou don'tareand tell them blissfully ignorant of the politics of America. Boston" Extra Hungaria non est vita si est vita, non tlie Abolition leaders themselves.dangercan be precipitated in some twoas it Is to us on Old forms and old natures meetpopularremainortlirec peaceandconcord,unimportant and lasigntf- unequivocal attitude of all the Ken- thai absence. When they left, Su-chan was in it,) is found among the peasants; but all classes alike quarrel on the side of their sefttidn, even though at this treason. 'To be afraid of treason isto multiply traitors. ton, as pari of Massachusetts^ are a simple, an in- tucky Unionists, especially- since the OctolieT eiee-American citizens in Shanghai in consequence ofextravagant hypert>ole (to put the mildest term uponauthoritybe nobarsalnlngcant.This is the!'*latterand Ihws of the Union, all the rest ot the Southern States will be drawn by degrees into theto be denotinccd.wdth the threat of dlsumon. It is attreats all other issues asThe Democratic Party met the th^ts of aisumoa la at the •same anpossession of an immense army of rebels, known mention Kosscth with veneration and love. The peo- ume a laige majority of their several populations may the wrong way. If they had said in 1820, We shall be structi^'e, and, time, amusing study. Uons. They are presenting notliing but a bold aad.to be exceedingly anxious to get possession of ple call him • our Louis." If you whisper in their be decidealy opposed to secession on account of Lik- loval to the Union, there would have been no com- They are simple because there is but one, and only defiant front against the Disunionists, just as is Got.throw their arms about you, and call you brother. In it wilt beone place, upon the utterance of his name, the whole Alabama Democratic State Convention, That bodyhavingbeeaDemocracyBanes and the; ta Southern institutions than Pieece and 9MHAirAa have been the that it isif it wasof course our settlement v.as at once thrown into object, aikt remains a-s unexplained and unrewarded leaie the Conlederacy after the 4th of Match ne.tt, and see what a sensible people they are. You never:not the sehemings and blunders of Republicans which have brought about the present deplorable state ofneither wealth uor distiiictiou.disruption remembered, grftvthe of truths and Ideas exhibiting growth great greatof their t)elng overborne by Yanceyites. They wUl take care tiiat Kentucky nationality shaU receive no detriment from Kentucky sectionalism, whether maal- fested by Johh C. Beeoxiseidus, Beeiah MAoerpia, or any other Y'anceylte. Kentucky wiU not rebel againsta visit. —and merchants havewel{ treated. Some of them have been permittedto visit the chiefs, and their uniform declaration people of Hungary as to all the world. Why he sur- upon the question of Slavery in the Territories. It Is tne American people will have Is freedom to speak ing out their way Ihro'igh or agaiiLst cumbrous old the election, inauguration, or administration of Mr. hae been that they wished to maintain friendly re- rendered at Vilagos, no one can tell. His chances of safe to say that fout-fifths of the Democracy of the and act ; and they will have it, union or no union, party organizations, until at last, throwtng off all for- LlSCOLB.company arose, and uncovered their heads with the adoptedan extreme and instructed Alaba- position,as the Partyto a For it is now present ripe maturity.draw from it if their action was notbasis of the future position of the DemocraticSouth, however sincerely they may have be- or without. The to and discordant latious with.foreigners, but must have possession of success were better than in many a battle which he lieved in the abstract justice of the demand of with slaveholders way settle it is eignseem no as from joining them within three months afterwards ?—no ratlonjal doubt has ever coLN be elected, Kentnaywill not follow tiie beck ofacceptedIt is not in human natureThere is but a single hope left that such a power may is because the Castle Garden and Central Committeeman-of-war, and no Englisli man-of.war, except aIfitle dispatch boat. A French frigate disman-tled, just out of dock, could be of little service. .\s dent State, and would oe contented if their Constitu- minisiratlon canndt fail to be conservative upon the The flcvernment, and attendmg to these ques- in convulsions over Mr. Andrew's nomination, be- istratti>B, and look to tlie peaceable and efficacioissto desire a know tiiatgrow up there. That hopeconfidence throughout the South that Lincoln's A'I-overwhelming majoritycontrol of been entertained. True, the conservatives" wereWzorsu ft act lor Combatlies in the of a generationthat even in Uie evef.t of Lincoln's Governments toleraling Slaveryelection, the Repubhcans would be powerless Tor abolishing by auontiiig policy bringtemper he hasrevisingaboveacocked-hatand—s^urj.' Government. Butthetimemightcome,andthatfull Inand the maintenance of her honor to as- sume a separate and independent position, and callcountrystruggleAthenians—the modern Greeks—that we must lookher sons to rally under her banner. Should that oay come, he for one would be found by the side of North Carolina, to whom his first allegiance was due."In Boston the fusion is complete, and Beacon-street snuggles up to the north end, andhave"We stated that a package of bank Empeior determined to go4o Zalathna.in order to visit TENDEH then referred to the four candidates before the "If LiHCOUM 1» three States at least will ways In this State a made-up party,HAKTLAXO AND OONKICTICDT.peacepeople, and asked which would accomplish this result ccrtalidy secede. I came to Kentucky to induce you the fragments of what itJ udge of the consternation of the official when thetherebystrong emphasis the following language elected,First Assistant Postmaster-General.To it he repUed" If being an admirer and supporter of Stephen a.his doctrine of Popular Sovereignty, asCincmnatI Con-it is now but was. Besides and above the it and your delegates Demociatlc Party, however, this year exhibits In sin- AsAiis k Co.'s Express, had been broken open on the heads together, they at last concluded to cover the KTT. Mr. DocGLts he believed to be a national man shall be received in the Southern Confederacy which gular perfection the hereditary and peculiar party ofrecentlynotes, amoontios to $9,44S, sent by the Merchants' Bank of Baltimore to the Hagerstown Bank, throughIIII:tlie gold mines at Vercspalak. Something must be done to prevent ids seeing all this devastation. Putting theirI;'route and (3,300 abstracted. The Express Companypromptly made good the amount stolen, and immedi-ately set themselves to work to detect the robt>er.The officers and agents at Harrisburgh, a few dayssince, had their suspicions aroused against a young apparently arrayed to give him a festive greeting. and would not support either of the candidates man named Ouvib Siiivoss, a messenger la their The streets weie filled with an extempore population.houses In the prmcipal streets with banners and ever- greens, so tnat their charred walls, and their desolate emptiness, could not be seen. It was done, "riie -un- conscious monarch rode through tlie streets of a cityJamks Bichanan in hisbest. Mr,Bellneedednodefence,nordidMr.EvEx-tovoteforBeeceikbidoe. DoDoeoLAS andexpounded by the venerableletter acceptmg the nomination venUon, constitutes an offence agatostand he was his second choice for the PresI leney. Both tlie Republicans and Breckinridge Democrats lie considered sectional, and he could notupon Journal remarks on thisBoston and have been,Bostonians.(ire,of theand astatesman,: j; I'I;against'parties':;'IIIwith Slavery. Go forward, fel-for the tug ef w ar.LIBEHTT OF SPEICH PEOHIBITID.Mr. GoDFEST Beenowee, formerly Postmaster at Canal Fulton, Stark County. Ohio, recently receivedpeopleandspringJohn Brown withdent,with.Slaveryto be voted Vou mean to in- up.majorityelects hlmfnized,theyare to boldageneralSouthern Con-;|pilclUyownM»S?lSfpoKAlees.^tliBLeoiila keepwe give the sobnanoea conversation recently hadOBB^ " good." ]What could he do* [A Voici—SpUt^'RUs.] Why, at Washington by a prominent Lancaster Democrat,coU,aie stUl the anointed lulers of toTSSd" 'V?.*' ""^but I denounce [Cheers.] But pauseI)tlonal CzardaSf (pronounced Tchardasli.) It is wild, Union can vote for Lihcoln. Bell and Evbbbtt are copy of the Mississimian, published a* Jackson, in Jack Faistaff's men in *^rlrn!m nn japer fbeir nswr:made to defend them, and a number of gun-boats province. The amount of taxation is something in- ntoslciaBs, as Is universal in Hungary, were gitpositehse, tsitarlifchainrd. passion, and carry them into the Presiden- this paper it is announced that a grand collection of and again will they pick themselves op, and talktook up their position in the Pehtang Eiv«r.The Chinese position on the Pei-ho Biver is acredible. Many estates are eaten vp by the taxaswhose swarthy-faoes and matted hair added the military of Missis slpjd and the Southern States is vaoantiy of a reserve power which they possess some-wierd, strange "ebaracler of the scene. The Mr. C. then renewed the pecuniary panic that te be held at Jackson, on the 8th of No- wheie Thursday,alone. Iheardofonecasewhereaaanwastaxedikone. The iq>proach to the Ta-ku forts per cent, on his capital, which >|»a^l> him a return of Imtgiae now the.. scene. The crowd of;year,yearaflac^-Is a battle ofritw Jftmrary: Viva! Viva!"—the wild how many States. I prefer not to prophesy. But the From the same joomal I cut an extract from the hokUr—a-lgUaTar lacal eieeUons; the combatants though he were a miSl(»aire to '•xifotniT" pla{iaB.willwut rest or pause—the slouched South miist and will secede. We can then never VIcksburgh Ci{ixni,said to be aDooglas paper, which being erne teal party, two fraeitons of a fietlttoBS partf,"Rie Sclavonlans hare, it isan old feuil withMr. LiHcoLN could do would them out " bringof Prateetia*—Keaiacky Opya*flocks. The Magyars or Turcomanni, a Mongolian tribe, dr»ve them mto the at the close uf the ninthsecede and abanuon usconstitutional or magnanimous. [Cneers.]Sovthem army.' POLITICS IN MABSACHDSBTTS.mountains,1880. The change ^bich has come over the spirit ofcentury ; and, behig a nation of horsemen, kept the *'Jls Probable Selation—Views of Seathcrn Frcsaes and PoUdelaas.stnra^ begUwMu^ larts, the tlght-jaoets, boots and spurs, tlie flashing have the same perfect Union. There will be a war announces Col. Datu' great speech of the 3d, as fel- asdthemoaabiggnosiof a defunct^pany, wanoeru-then^tand toft is low marAy ground, that on But the Wallachians and the Sclavoniaas, who were eyes and beaids of the dancers—for women then that will last a long Ume. Whatlows. The italics are not mine'AlthouRh differing widaly with Col.DaTuin regard uie flesh.—the left being Tery aoit that OB'flawingthe Instramenls of Austria against Himgary, hare were in the mlooitty. We wldspered in the burgo-ought while,round aand stillitself in HANCOCK.the to bear a horse in dry weather,rightTheyshould bear it for ahardnot at been treated with scarcelytlie South to do ?master's ear, "TlTa Kosarra!" The burgomaster and abide by the Constitution. They should unite to the political issues of the day. we yet recognize intiieysayin Ms arms aad bore him trtaMphantly about the roem, oimdmoreher, and await another election; anl the worst thatsaythatthejealou.sybetweentheracesisgone. The upof their success it can only be quieted by Mr. Lincolnwouldyoube?:Magyar despises the Sclave as an inferior being, and "[Cries ofGo on, go onhave endeavored to30, has beencries of " Bi;between thecome fullwell willsMBts ef cavalry or aTtillery in large force. Be-tween the farther extremity of the causeway and the Magyars. They were the first inhabitants. They Dance out your freedom, brave, noble, boyish na- [Cries of Good, good."] Now, you men of the prove a tower of strength to the Southern cause. Not His Keeasnitlan af the Seadaeat- aa4or plain, which stretches southward from the Carpathian1tionand spurstopboots R. W. R.onlytiy, but, as a military man, he Is justly regarded asPawer of the North—The.•On with the Czardas Hurrah forright.sections,!."'Republicans to ridicule the Disunion agitationasthe armies ever did. You have the greatest Inlandgot in the Uniondivinity of The Dred Scott dedsion." Eren thcahebegantodoubttheexpediency,thepolicy,andthe" possibility of its practical application. Now, Pra-to defeat them at the It thinks that in case citybut If we have disunlou where , ywould be dlfiicult and dangerous. Thesteamer bringing this news left on the 11th inst.The attack had been delayed on account of heavyrains but it is supposed that operations would be- in *49. But against the oppressions of Austria, it maygin on the 12th or 13th, if the weather were clear. be said they present a common front. The Wallachs Republican Abolition Administration his Northern act. We have now a glorious Union—who will pull Boston thepolls.at once satisfying the South that he designs making and Eastern supporters demand at his hands."theSouth, unite with the Union men of and Is he one of the"] Ia conservative Whig Administiatlon, rather than the speak to you Ireely," I desire not to think for you,Kentucky Republican Party can do us nogreatest statesmen of the coun- equal In the Republic. He will, douMless,"Andyour cotmtrymen!.withoutanFellow-cttizenf, I am exhausted, anl must close. "BosTon,The news of the October electionsI;Electiaas—SpecnIatians onbut present a few Ideas upon which you can think and ceived in Boston the Prince has been ;—in his eyes it has lost all its practical andpoliHealspoke as follows:will remainof disunion oughtthought There shouldwho will lay on first hand ? t^eOne partypolitical partiesIt downwants to abolishthem all where could there a man be found to lav;party or his section. He sees and owns that there isno use or sense in dogmatizing and theorizing about 1 the thing. The North is planted it and hewho are tools alternately of Austria and Rus- "While we do not believe thatsia. Many of their churches are supported by Rus- cession on that accoimt, be left to be decided by a attempt such a thing, my arm to fall palsied by my who shall represent her in the next Congress, and del- recognizes this position of the North. The South.sideto Uie secession project would receive the sanction of one- mav be perpetualand that this Umon my prayer is,and, with sentiments of gratitude ugedsian gold, and half, at least, own the Czar as their popular vote of the Southern States, the immediate;but 1hope, ;oral andtures political, historical, biographical,'too, has pronotmced it an abstractionand he PasHnoi isif the nakedques- his hand on this great work ! I would exoect, did I Boston, wrought up to fever heat on the question of priests, tion of sece.'^slon on account of his election, or no se-against ;I bidGOT. SEWARD ON THJ! CRISIS.be onto take sil their rights by the exercise of suffrage, and may be Athenian, but, alas !Thewe adhere to the Union and our rightsthe subjectAs" The earth is a hat, and Hungary is a feather in as being almost as dangerous enemies of the South as and the responsibility rests with them. If the Union is It was in 1820, when ridden by the rump of the Federal and Interests of only a few settlers in a Territory. He;;theyTo present,thatwill be kept in a chronic fear of aiiything. The thingwhat will cotton be worth ?Who will it carr>-Know-Nothmgs, tomistj- aigumentsof that Mr. Lincoln could not be anymore.aafiiesidly;concludes it is best to have a new panic, to keep theremain in the Uidon diohig Lnrabur'B Admln- Slavery question and Lincoln only can generate tions themselves. When they conclude something cause, as they allege, he once said John Brows was remWes provided bv the Union for all wrongs cooa-STATE SENA'n, Republicanism. The agents of the Free-Soil power ^slavery is unjust, that it is evil. We are met by the cnch and all of these Districts I can feel but little Republicans (elected) .,,1", Democrats (elected—far as they arc natives) join in the universal sentiment. soon as the election is over our ciUzens will be pretty er it can be proved tiiat slaveholjers prefer to cat:rbautntceird abtut1t6erceantsU.S cents a pound, to good Chautauque•How diiTerent is the altitude of the llepublican Par-NihnotwhliDnigstrsilcutn—dtyh"e old gWoirncges- ter hot-bed of Free-soilism—betwc^en that originalWe glorybroken. As for the!glad and 1 believe him the outrage perpetrated byhe was. We trust that hofeels she is exposed,at work. Many of the In- herself with desperation? She remembers t.he raid uf FALL, Judge Wash-after year, these political monomaniacs,— ConsUtuUon and Uw of the land, and be liableunmfstakablyfi.rward to the Prince Na-consultation on Thursday at Brown's Hotel in I'larly, yearour stevenses. ourpenalties thereof whenever 1and the honorhis demise she sees ;!—meet andyenarefreeto whom you please." SCBATCHINOthe Canal FultonTHE ORDER Of THK DAT.paidjIgiveand begs not to force you .y1(;rand SouthCarolinaMinister,inasmuchashisorgan,tlie tains—itsFieldanditscommlt- ticket, »' re- will nevertheless Bin°aEXe a gre ,^eeConstitution, the tol- them have and harmony, declared thelrlnde-is the and less of the Ipatriot,J^*of theiricspceUveoampletelyofficeredIs their army^ ••'I lived. I do notfrom the time I cast my first rote for Maetih Van Bs- lE.N to the time Iis in the We raise wheat, corn andthe State, and in the Thirty-seventh Congress, as in Total ... Total; it says to all, we com- mend freedom to you, because it is right, just and hu-Donnybrook-falrThatee,maneIt is family disturbance,32| bal!ot.3S Itep.maj.onjoiatNow fellow ditizens ,Isit nottimetohaveanend'.generally regarded as alittleas it stands. Mr.puthands of a President, Senate and House of Represen-Is a man of moderate ability and Immoderate;siddor coercion of a State, For the selves. Brazil and Russia are the only sustaiiungtlieideaof strength than really belongshands of apartyrequire youtono judgment, and, were il possible, less temper,heuse it only to continue in power.POSITION Oi' GOV. Wl.NSLOW, OF NORTH CAEOI.INA. The fiiteen Slave States have no longer a power to oughly mismanaged his campaign. Of a sanguineperorlong—compromiselow citizens, and do your duty. That does not re- quire you to invade tlie Slave States, or interfere writhcommon with us. Ifcan voteyou Slavery but If we can vote itInto themCodUnion."ning, and oil and water wUlbut for those mar-plots of Republicans,of the modem Athens would have come earlier than that of the rest of the world, in this yeafof Gra'ce,1860,years past,and stul are, a fierce and bitter opponentbeCarolinian intimated, was the least they could do,•tion they had recently taken."to imagine will everWho would coerce them ? They are high- way of letting themselves down easy from the posi- man has dune the work of sIXi be has bad to slakeathe' Government into the and as very pretty quarrelthe;Thateeconceit with considerable mental activity, immense energy,proposalThe vile traitor who held out such an offer as thisin thisAdminis- laws of the Post-office Department,to sustain the Dis- union faction in the Presidential election, was per-milted to depart unharmedtration, or thethen I am guiltyhave not receivedrondition that I must be Prerident,whom toInducethefreemenofKentuckypossessedofacertainpolitical notorietyof tiie charge. But I do hold that IKentucky, and wethere was a man living insolent, impudent, audac-and the- .\tlantic Ocean."or school district in the whole State. The sceptrewhich(In 1840)think, that as a Democrat,soil of our StateInto Soutlithrown ANOTHER PKOJKCT.r. orMinister-PlenipotentiarytotheliniedStatesGov-as such. aDemocratsfusion "Le*', mistake If theyto y"" pendence, tend Mimsters to Washingtonrecognl-Untitled Documentan end of Dis-quietRepub. majority of..fc 'The official majority for Lane, (Rep.,) Governor, over HxRDEiCES, (Dem.,) was 9,r60.GOT. LETCHXl: AGAIN.Tha Staunton Virulicaior contains an elaborate let-ter from Gov. Lxicurb, addressed to several citixensof Highland Coimty, Virginia, in reply to certain in-addressed to him. The letter is datedand tliey are bothhisSfieech worser, ruder,and and Mr. Ceit- speech at Springfield, Ky,, the other day, used with Of the Democratic Party it Is useless to speak. Al- prosperity,will be called to decideThe"as there always a certain class of educated men of ability, moving in the first social circles and correct in and nar- row views w ho, although at large, are certainly lu- of that kind known as mono-:the course of the .'South,"Therein from the soil of personan sacrificemypoliticalopinionsreward ofI!ii' I1I;life and cold in mamier of selfish ;;purposeunder Pnsoi on a the slave of the tofqr tlMSuattehaatCother States, announcing the glraed- Southefarinth r^e^c"o"m^m^e^n^d"^M"y^fDemocrat Swithof na- financial and tlie awful Ides or Appletoh—pro-BE COXHASDIR-IN-CUIKC Or THE SOVTHIBK ARMY.Aslriahmni.anteaeatbyahd Ills time to lay aside all that and the known of Mr. Davis. In is legion. Next week wiU be B^MlState, organ tliey a^Dsaal.and so irili It be neatroom was small and sot brilliantly lighted. would result from Disunion. Depend upon It, if Mr. vember. Premiums of from f100 to $200 are offered tUl this ceneraUon diet awi^, as ihb 1 redSlraklor the best and in aad a ists did beiote them. dragoon Intantry Bdissisaippi,andshould war asJarrEasoageneraliisimo oftheaddresses,d<>cumentsry,;such as look at them and coollyIn tlie minds of a free people, from a first germ of thirtythirty millions of people ples of the Republican Party have been slowly work-have taken com-to to look at the element on which they act to terrify us plete possession of the popular mind, and have taken clare that Mr, Lihcolh Is less sectioBalelements, theyThe Kentucky Oppositionists now uniformly de- i|angeronslythen, the oidy real conflict lies in the Fourtii, FifthUliand the long suffering party which sent him to Con-:pertiirtied spirit, rriKENTVC&T FOI.ITiCS.Tuesday,Oct.1860.re-received inhave all made their value. Nothing more can be made oat of it for histhat, ia point of fact, the doctrine of protection may nerer demand th earns that fair title, however deeply erudite they may action of Congress in its behalf; that the asof Athenianand which I have seen, hasappioval ofCharlestonpersonal,He is evidently playingdoctrine of non-ln. terference, and the propriety, and necessity of adher- fromthegovernortothepeasant,youwin losinggame,andfeelsit. Still therearethosewho ingtoit. Bothuponpriifclpleandpolhsy,andoa not find a jeople, whom the Democratic I'arty of thl.s think he will be elected. rounds of consistency, according to his letter, he is a would not pronounce Abolitionists. The Em- But the is in Boston, it is among the flouglas man, as he argues all good Democrats oughtin Massachusetts, and were prominent tlonal politics as leaders of a powerful party, piany years back they have been unable to a carryland. 1 he os- head In tlie sand and im- The delusion is even shows its headSenator Wio-she should defend the South, among whom he mentions delusion would be ludicrous. Regu- zen of the United States, within the llmlteUnion wrong mix andSia:wn^ Riveses, the Bamards, the HUllaids, and for the Democratic c^ndid^disunloitand;"AtWH P^Massachusetts is (as good as) good Wtsisarsii, JOB* ** ''*'!"^W^*In na- i'orlonglive. I left Europe to become a free and Independent citizen of this glorious Republic, on aeeotint of the tyranny and oppression ol the Goreniment underCongressional protection of Slaveryup, and,for many years, and^ at the worst, can affect theILecisviLLE, Monday, Oct.that the Republican Party owes ItsexisteBee;President" If yon have any reply to makedence to offer, in disproof of these allegations, I sha|( be pleased to receive it.cast myOf the office to which I have been And will further say that 1 'WlU hoW no office, and tool In the hands of no Presidoit, Cabinet nor Party. nor any other body of men, at the sacrifice of I'ru'?!"tSS. evJ/'beK?'aal SnchareewAtbeniaaa—soehaeeImagtalDgthat; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 