 'dh, wfce ieltaed to -wte te tbe \tnj of a tax toonly growncoimtry has grown, but has receivedfisheries significaiilly illustrates the determi-^i S^eto-jotli g^mfs. structor of ibe class.Ja«i ice BoaBBT, of the Supreme Oouit, yeater-'•Ubs 'an a^ajb" tk*?*?«-nnr-TOBK, thorsdat, JxmE 26, laeaPaMM«4 IB llw ftDB BWMln*. fttmttog the City contempt, ana impose* a fine aJF$IOOh deraidaat to— and rallrAd. Tbe -tfce compass by ferrypofo-TheyfacUonajilhtfai* nawoidairadeaireofaet leaiing Vew-Tack until theirH*a Pwk, OB Park-iMr, 8pro« «"'.'*"•" ?~TWSa flTeekW-TWO DeUAM >stand committed until it is paid.visors to compliance with the demand of thet!» MW-TOBK_a, taa «wlM to oae iddna tor Tis Dwxaucon- question of costharmleB^ Dorwaa wise itU_Ii'u<i»ln hi ngwtWiTH.IfrTVrr--'*"' •— -The crew of theKttapp were yesterday ezamiued before United Stales Commiasiooer BaiBOaAH, atrol over its execution.Is entirt'ly a relative one. Such a park as the which will have to supply that vast andhis exoellent IntentionlllMliiTinrlrt' rt"Stock Caiket yesterday, after opening pended, and what still remains in doubt,To thejthat theGtlydoes notiu*t twaaOBMl'S OAU.BBT—No. TD7 BMWftUWAy.i\our means, end the construction of something so small, or so shabby and imperfect, tfaa.t itJapanese Embassyof abattery of howitz-M9.beautifyingpresence, they replied that fraoa and iron, and for their skill therein be her hosband. Ifarital manneta in Havana anatmil ihUbiMbiiHUUtOUiA. U p«blW>«a OB tt*Usdispatohes,strip'"Mm, inwn#t«n.Theweak on some of tbe New-Totk road shares, was is,viceby»taangIts purport. It embodies corrections ofstatemeoto "vUch have appeandiatBiuii n an drug, perfifty years, whenof in favor of Oouolas beingobliged a burglar with a wax impression ot his streetbtUng re- proached by the lady for permitting her to heVim^BB*. WBBfUBWAT—NEWS OF THE DAY.andit would nosuspicion;Ttw ilitnutiip Northern Light, bom. AspinwallOB tk« IStb, with the Galiforma mails and treasare last week. of llts Sth init., arriTed at thia port yesterdayi»««y»tM Xiw CAUforiua advices by this arrivalhanvtam tyHp»*»^, but *he biiags oiir corres- poaAanfiomNeW'-Oranadaandotherpoiats ODIhl 9liriftc«08st to the latest moment.the Union, directpariors arekeen<«ighted,apt to notice, and apply in- ,Fii)h-avttiiie,i^"9The to is>atmAiBunt> »UBBAXBESS'ftTBKlTBK—Oin JlTAinu EmwiT. firmer- Wheat wa» ia' fair demand, at aliottt for-haveseen -^nQoMBDMtM.WAIXACK'S THK4nt—LilLA Bmkb.mer rates. Com'was heavy and droopiag. Ijght transactioBs were reported in Proviaions, Kotas- se*. Bice, Hides, Metals, Cotton, Dyewoods, For-announcement of thegCtltMOAiyyAT—P»oF. Jaoom' Macuoal Ebtxx- mals, and ine diminished present demand. At ! yesterday's general weekly market, beef cattle iThe newa from Kew-Gtanada Is quite meagre, Geo. Ueaoa attacked the city of Qoadakijara, bat ipilieatea that the coantry is still threateaed occupied by the Church forces under Woll, on witb a geneial rerolatioo. The p'ominent con- the 24th ult. to all thegates, concealed beneath the a ^in Mexican warfare.'eseHiawBt at Bogota. It is reported that the have lost five hundred .men. The loss of tbeOn eoncspoDdent at Valpaiaiso foroishes us wittraArieea from ChiU to the 17th May. There isthan theirbut moreleis-ignoranceJeddo, have some reason for the inquiry. Northe process of their manufacture, to be dis- ofthat this shower is a revival <flimfttallio AsBemblies of Hacdalena and Bolivar enemy is not stated, but Gen. Woll was Inliila^decteed the independeiice of those States.ure toenjoythem.Nothingthereforeweak enough to be made his tool—and after- sufficlenttythat tha heaven*, wmilaJ;n* uawB of impartance. Work on the Santiago on the eve of victory, and that bat for theof tbe Park. It would beall the public debts which hare been bequeathedThe steamship Kangaroo, firom Liverpool on the even when struck down, and with a shattered 134^ «i4<)i>eeB«town on the Uih inst., arrived atthe marble front nowbreak down.The Sentiuem op Venetia.selves, with all the ardor of their ancestors, to-the housethey everyiloisregular habituesfelberGxeaoi ississ'MM leg,tfei*e^_^!ho^^^m^mmi1km Uy iMAn intereetiog addreta oa the aboae of moaie waa delivered by Dr. OhablM A. Oou-um, the In-of pitttesis against ttie sale of Mexican teni-toiy, iatetferenoe of Americans, or anything Central Park will aotoome from " down-town," reaoarcea of tnaoinik tSk hei stations, aodtre in violatiOD of an tojanction Older of the Cowt Hi* honor sdiodges the deieodant (uitty of theTaa Ukaial by Hair.It was hannless and wise paatiiae, undonbt^ofthii^, andIJustice PacKaaH woald not ment on that gmond.anverysincere desire to defcad Or strictures of tiie Tiaa ITefearLiverpoolpacketShepherdn»y have been iiiwiliiliHupon charge The ship had heavy weather, and was dismasted^; tbe refusal to do— crowded multitude with their only fresh air»eTereprobably few of our readers have—of mutiny on the high seas.doty at times is the catise of complaint.promises.be, certainly notreveal to theSoundhead captain the secretsivelydowwhat peruaed hi»supply of gold hazs foreapert. Flourwasmoreactive^andprice*wereashadeI'but tbe New-Toik of the next hundred or twomamiM: that EiCKTOHT, the tieket-awindler,. is one of tiie Witbot^t any aatiooal egotism, we may pride and, aeeoDdiy, that Dr. iOao. B. Chxcvbb Adaotemployes of the City Inspector's office'. If oarseives on bavlBgdone the handaorae thing 4ga the petition for HrlHrATT's release. Both state- an} body thinks it would be weB to hand over by tbe Japaneae aince their arrival on our ments we believe are eorrect,and we take pleaaaiaingivfaigoatoemepoodentthebeuefitoftheM. In regard to the petition, we were misled by iteWhen tfiis matter was before the rllMAlu. ii brisk request, at higher figures. Sugar, Coffee, lature la&t Winter we called atteution em- I VBKVIf—AflsnaoB-BABinr ui Bakor Tlallow, Hay, Hops and Whisky, were Inquired phatically to this point, and protested againstBW-MfWIBTTHltTRt—HamtBuzi—FontLor- .^ignLi<inon,Fmit.HempandSeeds. CasBiawasj'Legis-signerofthe petitiaD waa theItanisi—Oqb Ui9b Coosnc.rnrt^lKr" SALlEirTNo. ms BroBdway-PAi»i- DMBA»fcAtOIB.thehave thewhich weremademofepromptlyhadourattemioDfor. The movements in other commodities were restricted. •Freights were moderataly active, with 432 vessels of all classes in port.the cociactloBbeen directed to it aooner,—as we aii^lieet 4Upo*ition to do Dr. C. anyTheLiveStock markets arefor 'rsnea THIATRS, No. SBS Bro»<lir»y—Hoout & the season, there beibg an excess of all kinds ex- taxation ot tlie current We did so for twocept live hog*. Tlie total receipts at all the City markets for the week endUig yesterday, numberedBut the question may arise in the niiads of some cautious personsi whether snek a mis-CAMrBBU** MUnrmBia.0. Obbibit'b M»btk<u. KULjyS 8AI.0{Wr-CBP AT.ACT aiBOEH—Ballbt—Japaxxu Labtxxs Fits.iBunmB-STiunsT AMD BEOADWAT-Ad*«' age for all of last-year 3b7 head, which excess isincreased.by the larger size and weight of the ani- this generation, who Vill never see the Park4,307 beeves1S6 milch cows and lambs; and1,S47 veal calves;as the future New-York willpark requiretake may not be committed asreserved and too candid. No aian is re- of that Oabsa a-ann rasbed and11,239sheeptotal,;;'|beingquired to tell another how Ub honaei is fast-2,43819,486. Beevesareinexcessottheweeklyaver-than suchBboadwax—KzEai-mOnXMOALIiKKT—Ho.172Bioaswat—Cecbob's ands^Uatevenf2@$3 headbelow wouldbeuselessin themeans'<IUUIAI>4TBXXT—Ho. 9M—WamocK's Feu Sailxbt BVOaXUBUBS*.sold even lower than the former low rates, theattemptthe Mea of in-me thefreely at 8}c.®9c., and the poorer grades all the way down to 7c.'&6c. Milch cows are a completeferior influence have beenfromofficeyou."Several men stood -aodyoung near, viewedformer rates. Teal calves are also still loWer, ot Hsaun' Fbxb Pictvu Gauiet. or sales are more difficult at previous hgures,while Sandkbs, with ostentations frankness and aturned? also would aaCvBJKMUa at Quebec, and still further by the bis forces in good order, and doubtless saved be a very creditable Court-house for ayesterdayattemooo. Her advices haveCity istti^ beiiJMlkipaladbvtketttw-Tork at this port, the utmost coolness, he secured the retreat of Thegoing of bis—On the 5th of Junebattle ofUrnSenate,onassemblingyesterday, almost wouldhavetaken 111—llaleij went into Executive session. Tbe ityplacehadMiramonandand preferring T,n««»m ia Kansas, allowing them to dispose oner of war.a pris-envoyly."own Dodge whom we sent to Madrid to beg for the cession 'of Cuba. Should the benevolent Ham-of a large porti<m of their reservation for railroadGabibaldi,atpmpaaea, waa ratified.A considerable namberthroughoutstay,of aihiorSaslatt Wni probably adjourn to-day, after rstify- inglte-BsnunBtion Lieut, of Col. Josbph B. John-we the 6uUs and hopeappointmentstheirneat cattle generally will hold a Convention andlal Miasouri, Hon. Jas. D. Houfhkit ofHon.DahiklUllman,EowasoFicb ingTheyson Browhlow on this to his flock. ajxeasion,themunication with all the rest Of the world.tlwi«Siot$l.«MteaMiM^ at the FaU term of in tbeOtaRatPittsbnrgh. Attarhmaiit* have been the motion of the foreign Ministersapplication a new trial is to be carried to the Court of" Moo's ead" waathem from the total rout which in all probabil-Hezieaa treaty wa* coo^dered, but after a sharp his forces come up and taken them at disad- the Courthouse of a great Metropolis. TheReservoir at Forlj-first-street would even tenopen, reckless,headlongdebate it was finallv UR over until the next ses-sion, with very little prosoect of its ratification. off theThe Bctradition treatj wifh Sweden was ratified, field, feeling piobabiyvantage.Ubaoa himself refused to be carried that the des-"in all the circles of Venetian society. On' mals" to Queen Isabella of Spain, begging.her toGen. Ubaga has certainly shown high and were confirmed. The Boble qualities in this affair. He and his armycontinued.the t»'owere fighting for tb?t dearest boop to man-burgers carrypoint,—civil and religions liberty precisely whatpass them a vote of thanks.signed the famous Manifesto. In European white and blue of France was —Tbe journals record a most re-8«», of tbe First Artillery as Quartermaster-Gen- Gabibaldi and his Sicilians have been wianffig old Dutch Church was taken lor a Post-office enl of the Army, vice Gen. JcsoF, deceased,to the school ofand ctne of the first articles ining a magnificent bouquet, in which the red, predominated,left at the Marshal's hotel in the name of theSpanishmarkable case of wasted labor in the chirofrapbi- cal achievement of a certain Senor Haeta, who has contrived to write out the whole novel ofwiddl was sent to them yesterday.The boiler of the propeller Kenotka exploded- onat Palermo. Tlie deeds of the latter ring from tbe accommodations it afforded were ample.sanguinary his creed is, that the only hope for the peopleone end of the world to the other,while theTbe correspondenceof the found abundant Cityimpracticables,Whenever the Marshal leftTaeatey, on Lske Michigan, opposite Sheboygan,.kiUkil seven persons, and woundine; several othersmrikil^. The propeller was subsequently towed fices, the most brihiant feats of arras on the bow does it tmswer now, even with regard toladies of Venice.his hotel, the middle and lower classes in theirmatt painfol struggles,thegreatestself-sacri-spaceandvergewithin its broad limits. BatHe is eminently strong-headed, generouspart of the Liberals of Mexico awake no re-size?tm'^^m MniDatioo of candidates for Stato sponse, touch DO cord of sympathy any The truth is, that though Americans areBlate Convention of the Bepnblicans of Ver- ineveiy hat was raised, every head uncoveredthe microscope, and has costtook rtiee yesterday. Hon. EaAsras part(g, tt Bt. ^olmsbnry, was nominated for StatesK more especially, Juabkz, Lkboo db Te-rarely accused of underratmgtheirmaterial"till the soldier who had faced the foes gallantof the world civili^zedand in the Unitedwaysfaithinthe principlesofDemocracy."There probably is no man in the country more utterlyhad known him more thoroughly at the outset, whom the sun of independence has notes, whose Chairman, Mr. Huqolbs, wel-comed them iir an appropriate address. They nance in- tlie Cabinet of Jcabbz, hid been talns 100.000,000of inhabitants she willstill tarBAjiiiZT will have another chance to disprove thefor tbe em- charges against him. If apt, he nutt serve out Manchester. NoFrench<3on»ul has ever beforespeflt two houn in examining the rare works— filled by Zamoba, and that the Governmentsome in their own language—with which the and thefrom 15 to 50francsseaman,Hbrary is stored. C&i leaving they were presentedwith three superbly-boiuid volumes, containing successfully.greater portionThe' advices relative to the will pass through this port.Banks, and the Coasts of St. Pierre, Miquelon, andNewfoundlandinAmerica. Thepeculiari-of thesethe catalogue of the Library, as far as it isof the Juarez Cabinet, and the destruction of the Liberal Party in tion,themaelves highly de- Ergihnted. with their visit. The Smhasay also re-as this has ever been filledemploythem, the money they had deposited as se-the rerooval ofWaeo A New Sebial or »n<lmetteachers from the Fourth Ward,Aai.-Mr. Geoboi favormbly known to the artlrtsThey expressedby of the Mexico, which were telegraphed from New- any city of ancient or modem times.or to refundhiB finds btmaelf out of the •; pale" of allceivedBthnological Society.yesterday,two of the Ward in power,fillibusteringofBcers aad several of theonly hopeHie protest against the McLane Treaty, saidtohavebeenpassedbytlie Legislature100,000,000 ofasointensely activemm- serial, la which oar paiaters arewaseiammedbefore theQo^oHm,tGe Governmentmakes it anplete iinpunity, whichthey havebroughtto bearof our best menreach of aU. Theideaand examineddismissed teachers. Allas theirof the witnesses, except Mr. Shini, agreed in st-trSbnting the dismissal of the teachers to sectarian mnuences.people people,and the market course, to secure the greatest results with the authorities would show half the rigor and decision greatamateors of ISew-York, has just Issned the first ber oJ a new srtlsUcMr. Olmbtid, the ofEngineer the Central Park, State ofa role such as has never been as-com-sena*.the bast wwk*»nd defended the -Park^CommissioiI, as well as his ovyn,i9 of do s°i^ of importance. signed Tliisdociunentis thehistoryie»*e"»y.Junctures of Mr. Hoao's witnesses.Gov.'ViDAirun,case. AftertheinapypersecutionsThe Quarantinethe eooslderalion of the clahn of Dr.partisansmediately are &r more put••Margutrlte," by;a vtew efInvestigating Committeeaccordinglymanagement of theupon thishave been subjected in other cities, it must befirst nuniber contains fourthe damage commission resumedto whichtheyTbompsonDr. BOOKWIIL and Dr. Thompsoh were examined other. All these"compoeitioD, t»e Ford," by BxLUirs;«tMMtla a* to the value of4to IH o( property destroyed, and the case wasthatFrancecan already keepsa larger other Power can as-may now be seien walking Broadwaytention,like at- withto 10 o'clock to-duy.There waa no qnonm at the Comipissioners oftrade now carried on between the two coun.Rocky port,Andcontrabandtradeinthatregion,one ^KoaAjpeopled.JerseyClfywillhivepushed,andareviewedotherEven the littleai^oamedIt is in this trade that all the rich mentional vessels thanbypedestriansThe next occurontbe11thofJuly. Therehavebeen3,643tries.of that country make their fortunes, and ttl«ysemble at short notice.Mountains. It will be remembered that Mr. Halibbrton,for metropolitan manners.seein to have an intuitive perceptionmeeting will arrivals since the last report, making a total ofboys dig-Ceaiciation yesteiday,47,150 for the year. C8Siimiates.In the Institutions there arePar- liament, has made repeated but ineffectual ef- itself up to the Palisades forts to fix the attention of the British Govern-nity frainfromfollowingIf theyagainstptlat»-« char»et««l«tic ignre^.'Vera Crtiz was going on harmoniouslychargebreaking upand that he afterwards refused togeneralte that they arejVhena visit from aThe Committee of the Board of Education ap- the Knights of the Golden Circle in that region, or Amsterdam, or London, or Genoa, or Cadiz,yeeterdaydelegationOrleans a few days since, probably came from There is nothing In the history of Venice,pointed to investigate the facts connected withincrease ofsailors for the service of the navy New-York, as the emporium of rather than to foster the fishing-trade itself.who never will be content to see the Liberalsproved it deserved severe punishment. If tiierewas any doubt about the fact, Mr. Kaskey ia en-as Tbe commercial problem of this trade is, of titled to the benefit of it. Meantime, we wish our NicBoiB, alre»dyofsuoceas is in the continued anarchy of Mexico.partiesrent, and in the contraband trade, which i» ttw-onlywell in handdi- body of trained seamen ready to man her na-;giantadjoam-the fact that tbe Qovernmeat has no City;was notcer ofwhom PxpTs makes aUusion in his JHary, to balked by bUstUl stranger eagerness to-faa eaeea-such aluxury,.andenjoy It. To discuss this question fairly, it must be remembered that the New- Tork for which the Park is being made is not foinia ainni has added a milUoD ana a halt lO'Uw alone the New-Yoik either of 1867 or of 1860,the work. His a mifficientwhkh is Wrttoan^ toth* PobUalMn Mxw- the Dear approach of a fine harviest and the Ufae- nl export price* for old Grain, aad -cloaed Ibia. 'Notbiag dione in t^ehum jd for 9Ugrday's mail. KoQBV rates are agu» sieadT. The' Oali-seas theseventeenth eetitory aiay"strengtliened on the Western list,feeliagacquireour columns; first, that Br. Caiavnpreaca*4 aover-suppliedpaid.progressed, out of the year.matter.hogs;reapectafegitrtheaud to have been signed by will playsmallest crews. But France needs sailors for ill regard to' the ticket-swimiling, mock auction, to speak for themselves in the most UtB«l the State as well as codfish for the people, and and other villainies openly practiced with com- mtatsof auto-UUiographlc drawings/The aimnal Commencement Exhibition of tbeClasaj>f Vocal Music, of the Cooper Union forthe AihrenceDient of Science and Art, was givenat Cooper Institute last evemag. The attendance Willi the Uruted Stales wou!d set this matter mijes along .<l|e shore. Westehester Countyof the heaviest curses imder which Mexico is suffeiing, be thoroughly abolished. A treaty;;:andserve. injuryand ifaverage of all sales being scarcely 8c. fP' Ih. for only succeed by an adaptation of our aims tothe esUmated diessed weight. Good cattle solddate of theLecompton stampede. ejectedtheers and rifled cannon, baa someUUng about it;I will have morenothing to do with'your your wayenlargingwhich have ruled very moderate. Sheep and exttt. The second was, the monstrouslambs are more abundant that at any time sincedown 26c.^SOc. per head. Hogsfobbed in theirdoor key. The Japanese, are artiSeeia ia bia language and maimer they thought the aiaa tolast year ; prices are scarce, and ^c.preached the Douglas faith, in season aad outmight claim, only for their Paganism, to bebe in a deplorably cooditioa, indeed, to have war- ranted mich a- snppoeition. Mia^oDaries hornper. Whybe«^i.i tbairadeial Government and the revolting cessfuJly, until, at an unfortunate moment, a lakes and groves for themshades,eerrs'iTar-aanii).thecountry,amongwhomisGea.According accouuts, attack was carried on most brilliantly and suc-Turningthey study the intricaciesni»>ir.ing,of-ourmacbine'ry.The-etieet* of'thotqiAaSmalr of effecting a good understandingof a shower of stone*.they are the most skilful^ Imitators. The cau- deed,if it iiaa become necesaary for thaBaftoMl waa entirely stopped, as it had been forthe laat two years, owing to a disagreement re- woundinggarftu the consiiuctioo of an oafimshed tunnel. of several of his principal officers, Wou, to the A laMUnc of the shareholders bad been called tocowiMt die terms of a proposed compromise.for if tonished the after the showerwere making to supply the of Ci^with water. There was nothing stir- BtjaajoUticalway.Thedence,pun-.and therevivinginAthena. Americanliorse-railraeiiaan to be introduced into tbe dtj of -PsaiCLa^ a^ the delicate Attic mtaid i*Pl^tMMiDiisofexecuted in this City so far, has been upon wiiatnow seems a ridiculously low estimate of its future progress and greatness, and the result has been in ever)- instance simply in- creased expense and incoavenieace. J^e City Hall was faced with marble, andof theTa^anBoriesatJaddo,werenotatalldli>couraging. Tlieand,^g ^^„(•Hecar-not iinHiflfngly put into tLe ha,uih of theequivalent. Ihundersofthe Turkish <^ut;aUuii aic uucc ui,jrc l/e^ijuiiu^ to mut-tinglikelyonly, taken measures to giuaid all the greesk'illfu], j^j^ ,courageousgallant.that the City of New-York would lie be-Goreramentreaideiices of foreigners, and they had not, up to^ ,.carried his frankness to the veryhjdtime, been interfered with in the least.(^lowCbambeis-street as as the build- longJapanesepossibleper-ter menacingly along the'^everywhereafriendtakingall theirartilleryandcamp equipage,ssrisoaiy exeiaiaMMr^%. ^live weight higher thanofinseason, every Cityand State of than ia theAflfairs in Hexlco.f^om recent advices of an authentic char-and purlieus of the 'White House itself. He has done more than any other Northern manand 1960 will be aacter, it appears that the Liberal army ander numerous than those of to-day, and they willus,the present Embassy have brought home the fact to our everyday senses of hearing and see-gratis?tioa to latoin to the United Slates. Hosqciba staff, tearing off tbie General's leg anfkilling than we to pay their share for such advan-flttiat Qfn. HaB&AK, it is stated, had resigned tike ^ff>^iaiv^ of the army, and signilied his inten-as well have playedof theshell burst near 0«n. Ubaoa and ^midst hisbut they shaggiest peakka4 UM men nader liis command, and had in- several of his oflScers. Tbe battle is describedTita* ike other Stater, to j(an him and inarch on as being one of the most severe ever known tages,not too liberal in as a whole sending, patterns,caidtal. The action of IfoSqceba in .u« i^iiii j Canea independent, had created muchthefCdeialof hischaracter. He thought him at the outset are these weapons aloae, with a full acconat ofThe Liberals are said toof office to the President'sof Gen.dVjlb yuuUteu eorrespoDilent, in noticingthMBpRaoB Japan bioogtot» that port by the-taig S|B ^. 1t»ftT», and which reached us a fewda]ajiMii* fhteaih the Overland Hail, seems dis-poaedAo recaiTe it with a grain of allowance. Ad-vtcta raeetved only a short time previous, exteo4-ili£.to April 24, from one of the Baptist Missiona- last appear^ to have been in the highest de- the back left of brown stone, in the ideawould have beenposterityoriginal praikeworthy purpose.his private letters, betray bis private confi-We do notthat tbeUbaoa,giftthoroughly defeated,,and the cily of Guadalajara captured by the Liberals. As it was, tbe Liberals suffered no defeat They drew off their forces In good order,been incurredfor soawork that has beenJapaneseand plaeed tbemseires in readiness to fight'they visit tha diores of Japan. the aatnralization of the Latta word omnibaa"MiBAuoN, who was rapidly approaching.merce,praiseworthy effurts to establish intimate com- shall be applied to Ihaa* pnpular coBrefaaces, ormercial relations with that country, we have •iwnhteotihtserGre"eokmnibus" shalWlhible tshiemply trmiwlatedTbe conduct of Gen. Uraoa from first toj^verge sterlingthe bestpetuating that system of exclusiveness whichV,hmiseu occupying the post of danger, andsolence. Heisbest specimen of an honest-, earnest, thorough-Democratnowextant. UnlikethemostHe expresses RedRepublicaninEurope,andwasjustasandHellespont,and the destructionmorningwaswith remarkable decision' and> nerve and thirty years ago. Uponor farther.elM of VtDADBBi's humbiig ac4 nonsense. but win t>e poured faito it fremevery quarter of.day rendered his declaion in toe case ofKosrAOat,charged with contempt in opening the Volka Thea- The Goaipletioa af tke Ceatnl Paric- lation will be pearer three millions than two-e<tbe'Freneiiaia«7,.aadiaereaafaig the naval paitieiiUily la the Amertcaa sea*.Central Parkdear at the price It win cost TheBckix>wled{^ to have been jtidicioosly ex- sbs^e.upon the Tints. We havecommunksatioD—andahattdwbtieesdohim aaerwhether New-Tork can afford toCavalier officer of thegive us of the nlneteeotii a lesson and a warn- certain sermon on the Senate's treatment of Mi.reasons.The first was, that to construct suchastate. A»alady ofemiasteffortsbeingtoyear?;justthingParktoan orgaoieationexpense as the workof Park completing themanuCtctuies,Niphon, a^thout re-havpand this Isshores.sired to see, and probably many things forhundredwhich the enemies of the work obstinately shut their eyes upon.Theyeverything -they de-aout of the present mcome of the City, it woold be necessary to impose a greater burden oatoo un-wmofacniaUngthrough tiie atreets eity, up dismaa- tled het petaoa of watch and diamond jewelrr,in itsglory, aoytheycould bear; possiblysuspicious antecedents. Yet the proposed preeentatioa from the Navy Department at Washington tolongerthe citizens ofwhose lifetime the Park will hecessariiy not reach its prime, pay (or a luxury whichof injustice makmgto^y,inzealoutstrippingthatofPetebtheHermit,has brassCourt—thir*-iate country town good enough, per-haps, when erected. It is now ridiculous as^VeniceSupremebuildinghe believes in it.that faith everywhere. He was a thoroughtliou^liyears ago have furnished an ample supply ofwas rejected, on account of perate nature of his wound might make him water to the City. How will it be ten years better known and ''rnore trusted by the ultraSociety for, the Protection of Ani- the Marshal reached the Alber- abolish the cruel sport of bnU-fighting. It has aTlie Meaty witha proBiaiOD prayidmg for the payment of the Amit- an iitcumbrance to bis army in the retreat, hence? Will theMonday nightSpainof It and the new Democrats of tlie Continent than any otherstrange sound to American ears that the said(«4 claim, which baa been unitonnly rejected by every Congress. The treaty with the Delawareto take hi^ chances asdi' American. He was the intimate friend go Europa ;morningThis silent demonstrationof hisis described as "This was more than could' becapacityone togetlier bear the strain upon them ? Ifthey were both made twice as large, and the whole cuirent of the Croton River turned into them, does any one pretend to say that tbe works would be found twenty years hence to be on a scale unnecessarily great ? When theand on Tuesdaywere made it couldrappoae^ 4a give jewelry aad goof Italy so fearlessly on the field of battie,The Convention vras very fully at- JADA, Ubaoa, Degollado, Mata, Ocampo and and population has outstripped the calcular imlike Mr. Buchanan than he. If the President found himself at last unable to endure the this.and JoHJi B. Pa(W, of Rutland, forprospects, the growth of this City in wealth their adherents are denounced as an Indian tioos of the most enthusiastic orator ttuitof Kings County last evening horde, fighting for the destruction of every- ever mounted a on the Fourth of stumpimportation of jackasses, has recently latided aev- and if he been suffered to rise. He cut short his visit enteen at Charleston. It is a great pity that tbeyjBepabUeanaIwld a raaas iseeting in tne City Hall Park of Btookl^ and in the wigwam, to ratify the nomi- Mriwi* of LucoLB and Haui-n. It was a largeJuly-yetmistaken inthing appertaining to religion and civilizationof hewouldneverhaveappointedhim;letters show how well the Liber-i cndtndastic gathering. Speeches were made als can fight wtten' they have' good officers. the extension of steam communication htb himThe recentmm. its. T. 8tXA5AHA.v, Hon. Pbake P. According to present accounts they are mov- been to make thisto Venice on the 8lh.withenergyanddeterminaUonandwith thewholeUnion—cityEast Tennessee.will immediately prove valuable additions to tba supposing settiera there, and wa congratulate Par-There isTlfcllPi Halieis iif 'hr Pittii^iirirh '"I't Coun- a rumor that MtBAMON has been driven back to' She has nototSev-York.and others. renewed hopes of ultimate success.that we have mis-stated the facts of his or Government on the subject of the French cod- case,done him any injustice. He was tried and con-alreadyandMBda, bad a ItsaAit before tbe Pennsylvanli Bn- his forces are small and much demoralized. impetus firom the fact that she has ab-pMoe COTUt at LuCMln faiteiday. They were In fact, the recent military reverses of the sotbed the other great ports, suck as aiiodaed gidlty of contemnt, aad each wa* held is clerical forces, the tailtue ofJecekb k Co., and Boston and Philadelphia—or, ia otherA paper published at thefor adda aa explanatory poetactipt telBng him thatoiTthebtRMtan tfce Chatre* Valley BaUioadQoeretaro,accordingextravicted in the Court of Sessionshe to appealedSouth bidswith- words, added their nominal increase to her iaMMfaaint other meintief^ and it i* npected drawing fiom the Government in the City of own. And no contingency is at all likely to t(te whole body wiU be btoliht \tekft the M«sia», have all reduced the Church Party occur which wiH deprive her of this suprema- cy. She is now the commercial capital of 30,000,000 of population at least. Tbe chances are nine in ten that when the United States gon-July 22, 1861, a law was passedoffering certain premiums for the eqhipment of peals, by way of appeal from the Supreme Courtfishing vessels in the northern seas of Europe and imtil this is decided we' presume tbe execution This look* a* if th-) SouthiPrtncea, with their intarpr^Nr^^ten years, and the now in- Corps Legislatifiavited to extend the term indefinitely. Its provisions offer various premiums rangingin all this at all inconsistent with wfiat we havesaid on the subject. If a new trial is Mr. granted,just ap- pointed Dr. CaxirrzER-RsssEBTS, a distinfaiiheda, visited the AstorUb.ar)r/ad w*re received by a Committee ofwriter on fuUticel economy. Consul of Prance attgL aa i^UWiiiUlIlt) precarious randitlon. Advice* direct irom Vera Cruz state that the place of Lebdo di Tkjada, Minister of Fi-—roLAS in a trap node of a tflit rati.^The Napoleo.s has Emperorto all appearancesanextremefollowing the Supreme Court for a new trial,—and when DocOLAS remember Kilo's end, and, for fear that up his purpose of raising the French navy to that was refuted he was duly sentenced to con- the Senator'* memory may be at fault, tbe otxar!unheard One result ofThey have bothincreasedinaratioin thisoranyothercountry.in be tlieir commercial and thatthat— commercial betweenPrance and Boglaod. 80L8 whom he promised to as treaty—Tbe Editor of the Louisville Journal,or Liverpool, which son to it.will bearany compari-Americanof the even of tbe Atlantic slope of this' continent,in tbe oldhave a deep interest likely to recede hereafter than advance. They Inscriptionpleasant for the Japanese to find rest and•from we.'insome and obtruded civilities.freedom t>ur vis-crushed rather New-Yoric thanthat Matamoras should be made a freewould see the LiberalPartysince he became a member ofworid,have absorbed almost eveiytjilngaotenr aad aa olto- charming reyradootioB by Roaaai ef Mr.picture,Actdemy exblUtloB, where it shone by coaij«st.Bad although stupidly 111 busg, corsraaoded the usivenal verdict of comp«tsst coaaolsteurs as the fiacn laad- •cap*latbecolJectlaa. Mr-NkbolstaA*doie(ooit servie*toartbitraa*r*ntag"theqn^ittpowerandthe business centre ofTopics.moneyistheir only glimpses of grass, and flowers, and ^and thusbe best defended. Smilia a timUibut' Thethein whichand nowhere moretheir chjldren and grand-children only wiH en- (q>enlydescen^antotheyjoy in perfection.The New-Yorkers of 1900,—^The Trojani of old were, nadonbtedly laaBhastonished by the introduction of a body of anhliiiewithin thfeirtive exterior of a wooden horsetionable.lf their that wiilehhis nomination. Threats of removal have hungover his head, like the sword of Damocles, for Of all the Oriental, people, it is adoiitted that littie village must be in a lameataUe'cooditiaB, to-greathave a Park such as we have seen on only pa"Douglasin its andcanteralongits ridesfor nothing? Why sliould we provide fountains and terraces, anding. Eschewing baubles, Colt's they purchase%planevery publicrhetoric,golden daysSopUstafrfaoiild theyloungesnpriseequalledlatelyancestors,angg^sted, however, the spelling-book atorycan be justor or more expedient, .than toth£with mild atlmnnirieasof theborrowers, -had-.deal richerand moreWerely upon it they will be -e veil more willing around tbebecausea keener relish for out-door amusemeatstheywill notonlyhavewhich of coutae coa*!*- tute a superior material for paviagpiirpo«ee> It isto stand. That washow much of theof com- as the rest of thegreatmediumcapital,of their exports orby importsbeen stationed incity,appointmentNow, we say deliberately that no such posi-employ agents,since the birth ofwork of VioAraBi and mercial metropolis. Liverpool and London, to every fishing-captain to take as many menon one side, and of the people of which now occupy the first ast^ese on the books of thatbeing formidablehisBrownsville and the Tezoa frontier on the cial capitalsEastkas Joaasoe (be Bay ot Naples, by Oaoasa L. Baorstoobjectin' rection, and they do not possess the enormous anythey eicite no unpleasantpictureofRivals are,sprihging upresources, still imtouched, which He tetweenabsorb.may years tains.andtheWhen that day comes, this island wSl be the Britishthat the and fair Isme of the City i* at stake, and re-liamsburgh vyiil'3i co7e:?d' wiHt ho'osw menhave covered LongaperipateticBrooklya and Wil-of (bis f xUacrtlinsfy -paint'vitalglow jirthroiigb"llr.UntIdtitleforI'soSsa,ment on the quiet Sesa .briliiii'2 up jhisThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069If tutu is fo'jowed na*w«il (b« enwrprlsa begtm "thev* Portf-Cravov" mut becoriit tn. bHKatimsdDlocumnenergycharge control ofposparty,dumb still ,speakettkMarshal Vaillant, the commander of the' French forces still in Italy, visited the ancientdevotingfThe crowds that willanswer to say that Mayor Wood appointedIn hisdism while United Slates Consul at London as he has been in his Duuglasism here. He isMazzini and confidencespeaking Spanish perfect- said for oaroffullhome and abroad.more to do with getting up tlie Ostend Con- ference than any or all of the Plenipos whohe politics, belongslies in beheading the Kings.Don Qcizotb a upona man of convictionsturn, tookthisup strangetestimonyObsini,ofleave their cards.pouriato' theTkf) Fntine af STew-Yark. <k>lo«aal fortunes will abound, aad a revenne ofTbe objection raised in the Board of Super- ^20,000,000 be paid into tiie CKy Treasury with edly, for tM good grandfather ia teach his ^paiture for boiM. U they d» net carry awsfgrateful mtpreaaifa* ef what they term the Jedda* M^^*^ tkir*owa decUratioiBs ara aot la ^more ease thanBAM, in the Supreme Court. An urgent eBort meet the year's expenses of the management the last fifteen years to protect this calculationThe of the West KarUst aigoment WaahIn|tonpaid.(he of And we against charge extravafance.can well imagine the men of tlukt day laughing over the protests of the economists of this, who think $10,000,000 too mach to pay for the Parkgentle-case commenced yesterday, before Justioe Pioc-Ceotral Park Commissioners forwss made to get the case poatposed until it coaid be heard before a Justice teaidtng' fat this Citi-, batand maintenance of the Paik, is based on two grounds—the great expense of the wort, andvery long commtmieattD*more to the (4d $97,000, to need only appeal to the material progress of man's moTtifieation than he would have cared$8,000,000mtll,check-mate and fairly drove his him,butIt ia that offi- Cbablis the First's Cavalier amy, toare nowWe grandson ehess,to acknowledge, tbe yotugster learned tobytheirateandinflexibleJ.B.uponthemere «ttheimpolicyofthehouseholderwhothe transaction On complacently.of Tubal Cain. That stantly to their own ends the informationandto organize whatever there wte of theParty in the Southern States, attended all theConventions, and done everything in his powerto give shape and vigor to the movement for revolvers. aside from music and danc-;mightany similar way resent "hisBucnANAN anything ha- would ever aay-of him. Indeed, his famous telegram to the President from Charleston sufficiently shows that heof in-and tbe same faith, to hoklingeverybody. He:bothHe had a great deal—of heart, of manly nature, uncompromising^al-and silentagainst the Austrian. Wherever he wents'mglesheet ofpaper,and everywhere, and with unbounded;the sighthad not persisted, in thinking much worse of him than he deserves, he would have removedlong ago.Fiance and het Seamea.The action recently taken by the French yesterday, [is,, entirelyhad not arrived in time to lift up their voices with their illustrious fellows, but "better late thaa never." It is tbe intention of the owner to die-themnation with which Napoleon III. isthe highest possible point of efficiency. Ten finement in the State Prison. Hisyears ago,Ap- :".—terminology.Tbe city of Hamburg iscasUee, kings and queens off the boardearnest and Gauvxk from tiucipher ofof his anaor in the very plaoe where he akouldDxvLiM to the Street and ing. HvAtT so a Sanday Uistead of CeeuniaaoDership, eveni*gthe Centralsuch things are possible, he is welcome to hisopinion, but we are not disposed to argue with him.Oae more Vafitrtaaate.Mr. Bi^oBANAK has at last plucked up courage to remove Geoboe Sakdebs. Why he has not doiie it months ago remains a profound mystery. While the President has been breathing outand man threatenings slaughter, against everywho would not bow down to the new Idol of Democracy which he had set up, Geoboe hasfor the last twoblaspheming it and its author, in the most ex- ened o'nights, and where his strong box is keptplicit and unmistakeable language. He has been especially if he is a stranger and ofa most open, active, zealous and effective ad-vocate of DouoLAsforthe from succession,yearslost noopportunityofthey receive,Mr. Oliphant has toldMoim-We suspect that Savdebs owes his retention battery of cannons, hov^tzers. and rifles to be Lake Superior agatesRockytious persons, .therefore, who ask if we arethus to maxademizewho have examirted tbe atooea, proooanee thamt*Trojansdeemed himwell mankind mistaken in both cases. We believe he might cussion caps, pressing bulleto, fiUing fuses, &c., agine that several eminent Trojani were muoh aa-(• tty There is little doubt that the Liberals tvere which has to be incurred for the construction dishonest to revenge bis removal. He was variety of machinery for the making of per- wbsX virtne there is in stoDes. It is easy lit- bi^wounded, perhaps mortally.saddle them with a fair share of the debtwards heprobablypatched for the edification of the Tycoonways,haveatlengthdeteimiuedtohave removed him any day without the being also included In this munificent slightest apprehension that he would publish from the Naval Department,to awaka and find a Superior pebble hi their hats inatead oftbe atxust^med brick.—All Greece is ia arms over-a-qgfnel ofan'or inishment. Sakdebs fights fair" always. He differs vasUy from the crowd of Mr. Buchan- an's office-holders, in wearing the same face,implyadvantage of our liberality in this respect, orwill use our own weapons,. or others that they may manu6icture like unto them, for any pur- pose of aggression toward our vessels of com-whenwould not hesitate an Instant to say to Vtr. But it is worth consideration whether, in our The question is whether a new Hellanic phtaaemeans ofand an open, manly foe. He is probably the Uie whole Christian world is so aoxiaus to and so prosperous as to be able te devote them-knights,himselfwhicffthey bad no inclinationanswered, readily and truthfully, every ques-tion they, chose to ask. Nothing ia, our naval brother of tbe - ecdesiosticsl Hampden," of the or military discipline has Seen hidden froaA Chuich of the Puritans. We should have »«~>rthem. Americahasrevealedherself,herartsuntonot the in the—OoqJBfal manneia in Havaaa must be fa;theyhavebeenwas- notfield,— snd that tliewill takeitself ta tbe good work of promoting a better understeod- ingbetweenmanandbeast. Ithasjustsentaome of its pet swans to make the acquaintance of New- propagan- and heroit; city of the Doges. Ne sooner was Tork, and it has now dispatched an envoy fromhis arrival known than the word went round the Hamburgvisitors and had the of the highest rank began to call at his hotelanddaysand by Wednesday Evening two thousand cards had been received. On the same even-mute appeal of a noble Italian people, upon—CoL Mahonet, extensively in the engaged' and America. This law was to be in force for of the sentence will be suspended. Thereis nothing DoiBlinor—Mr. Ran.net, whose note we publishedand tbe Dogger-Bank, the seas of Iceland, the Grand is, that he required deposits of money from per- of the Hanchester ntaa in bringing about the lateperployment of sailors in fishing vessels on the expressed any opinions as to his guilt. Thepremiuoisto the numbers of the crews engaged, and are, being promisetyapplied curity,—the inference that the of partiea, intend* to sit, like Diogenes, in a tub. We anployment was merely a pretext in order to ob- fear that, like Diogenes, he wUl have to leave hisanyrank commer- with him as possible, all of men im-Maritime, by means of which;with which the theFrench Emperor has for the last ten years trudge along in their wake, and. ignoringhis sentence. We are laware that we have notl» regardedi With reason aa a tribute to the aervicestherefore, plainly intended to encourage ,.the tain their money. If the offence was clearly tub to place his finger on an honest man.;;;"Henjoa", TwUlght" TU* a well-bred air of curiosity which speaks volumes teima of (he diearast praise, reappeared In tbein their walks. ventured through the Park it is true thatIWe published ayesterday from some one who appeiantty had atelefiaph, which MideaOj aware that there are <«N> CaiSTBaft ia thepleaitegir priMilifacrying tai aagty aad reproachful tone*:ate, decked oat in all the jewelry I have workedso hard toloven but ;; I grre you paying yiait*,with a few hand-books ofmight work a delightful change in Cuban loeiety.but it I* felluponthecitizensofmodernTroyinthaahapepelting a mendtheirthem, giataitonaly.it is refresl)- ing to find that the^reeks are so much at ieisaresuch as the Spaniards use for making their eigtrtttta. This task occupied two years of hard work withthe writerof one of his eyes. It would not be easy to imagine a worse misuse of time and patience tiiaatributethroughouttheboot-blacking eetablishment* might Rcmxi,'* sUU to the ehiarosooro of tVse UlbstrangersWedged in thatMaOer which h« strove to rend.";;expectedto CAtchBy are to tw put In this serial wttUa the!• an exceUenl aad the am,resliMS It adnmably. TWa iraaibacDoUeof whichwe(pokeseveralmontbaliacetaIetiqaelt*^ was vetjr Urge, and the ^singing wjj SJWUenlioceicieHas tks ja»f?a' «i2gthe fact we wiis ot st-'iw, iasiift,wifaris,yeatniKse'^www.fultonhistory.com^U^-M 