-Abolition incendiaries to IjaaUigaaddetervlolaUanaoflaw. TheGovernor tonftniaf tatkaaetiMOf South CanrfiBa in send^ .l>(']|iinmra«B to Tligittia, and tbe fUIure to obtainall but honor to preserve It ;are others who openly proclaim that under the Re- publican rule tbe State caimot and shall not reenter tbe Confederacy.Hottgetf €«T«iitr Gist to tbe Soolli CarvUka Lcgltlatiire.parties, held last night, which passed the minority rentetions,be real motives of thaseIbiow ibe Guveinmeotare couccaled. reasons assigned are mere carefullyIrrival of the of CityVOL. X.—NO. 2867.PRICE TWO CENTS.Tb* Govenunr ha»iiQ Hope of a Vaited South.It.fffiOl Sflitll Cinllna will be Followed18 to beto be Uaad ia the Dio-ibaU have no jut cause of quarrel. None of theirLetter fron Lieot.MurjBiiiii- irkanuf ud Texai.;can rise no more. Your Democratic mlUloaairsesubscribing money to continue tbe Pro-Sl«very sys- tem have made a great mistake. They have sacri- ficed the influence they might have bad to maintain a sinkinganddesperatecause. TheworldwUlbeno worfe for It, but tkry will live to repent it.There Is another sImilarllT Between 1800 and 1800.In 1600 to 1814, there was a terrible ibreatenlag andrattling among the Federallsu of New- England,which culminated in the Hartford finallyfalters. And thiswith consequences so vital—win ba soivad in a weeklthingsl9;llirEi«, iltbuis, Rorida, ^K>1,Tbebore dowB the yonng branches to the ground, Inio-muBhunder, were dwarfed to one-third their natural size.p««uU DUicaltyINew-Englandlo„t The South has now lostandit wenttotheSouth.wasdone. Agreatdealoftherootlnf»j—*<ff« ofConespondence. i3K-nHlfeASS NfEETING AT LOUISVILLE, KY. FR<ai SOUTH CAROLINA.and it hasgoneto ttieaggietrlve Anti-Slavery party,hostility to tbeor TBM LieiSLATQRlt—MBBSAeB OV GOT.I(tB^Ktum or SKcnsiuR dibcubskd. COLvani, Tuesday, Not. 27.QoT. GiR in his Vessage devotes many pages to iMdnd State aiUrs.nya the view of lecetskn becomes doobly im-fwtaat, tkatwe will have direct trade with Earope,and a^TlMi tbe State to foeter enterprises for suchpuyoeeabyguaranteesoftvepercent. Referringla Ik* peatal luttei be says be is authorized by tbe proceed to put everything on a war footing. There«d like ours, are preparing measurea for IhelrTuturemorning .« atthisportyesterday. Heradvices,bytelegraphtri4>tl.elr people, and both patriotism and the of necessityself-preservation require us to dellbeiaie upon oarKkbali. and gestions are made on every side that somethiog the Slate of Louisiana, do hereby convene the l^e^is- have Bisried on a tour South. How far taey may goat CbarlestOB to say that as soon as the t seeedcs, be will seTer bis connection with the redcral Gorenatent, and obey tbe call of tbe State.Legislature by the Military Committee,—that of the minority will be'part represents Tbia, together With tbe resignations of Postmsisters Richland District, and now holds a commission ofeastward, there is nothing that way for him to visit; vertised to sail for New-York.*'*^—aaMa af ftp Sontb are lest ; bat (as coarsenew members who the consttliitlaa mre Ben. signedJoHB S. Pbiston, Col. Wadb Haxpto-v, and £ol. J. Rassok Calsoihi. The latter gentleman has hurriedta Urns pmnnsart smnartaasiiBgTakk.opposfte Kings-Viceroy of Naples and tbe Viceroy of Sicily will ex- ercise full dictatorial powers, doing as they please,1*'*l*'**rf' *"?*.wfclebysoooBid,: tetsaes. Be eonclDdes thus "says all hopes of concertedasSouth f If engralted Into tbe Constitution the .Soothto oenllnne faitlifBl, to punctually pay tithing, toraise lots of grain, and to keep it instead of selling itto tbe Gentiles, not forgetting a strong dose of com- both as to laws, institutions and persona*ia left S«|itb Carolina, to act consistently home fromwHkher honor, interest and safety, and that looks ington City to re-^ign his po.sitioii as Secretary to the acBhcr to tbe right nor to the left, but to go straight French Legation. Messrs. llAMprotf and PaxsiONare forward to tbe consummation of ber purpose. It is reported to have made powerful secession soeet'^hcs,tc« late now to receive propositions for a conference,aad 8aath,CaroUna wonld^ wanting in seir-respect to Hampton represf-nts the Richland District, .^nd heTo the Kditor of the XrwYork Times :CoLcasiA. S, C, Monday, Nov, 19, 1650.From the inclosed editorial note, Inot appreciate the true position of South Carolina,Although an impression exists that thecan pass an ordinance of secession, it would have tobe ratified by the people in Convention, hence it wasconsidered preferable to submit the matter lo the Coa-venlion. It will be as unanimous as was the Legis- pally with reading several hundred letters, accumu-Garibaldi, in his farewell speech, told his compan- ions in arms lo be ready to follow him again, as it is is " to promote the advanceaient and concentrate ;he likely that a fresh conflict will break out in Italy in•nt«Ttat>k>ropositions looking to the continuance of|the f reseat Union. Tbe Governor entertains no reasona-ble doubt but Georgia, Alabama, Nississippi, Florida, TexasandArkansaswillimoieUialelyfollow,andother raalkem States will eventually complete the galaxy.took the occasion to explain how it was that he was at)('ent on his Mississippi plantation during the extrajurtje you;2/om is ashore at Point Peiinstilar Jured.;the captainla-efforts of school teachers in this cityGAaiBALDi says that 1.000,000 of menI cannot permit my-self to believe that In madness or passion an attempt were armed with all kinds of firearms, from pistolsandscientificISaatb Carolina alter secession by refusing to man in the rotate wh.) does not belong to a volunteer company to parade four times a year, under regularlycomnii.-sioned (leld .ind stjfl'oflicers.The Exchange Bank of ('olumbus, yesterday,which has been violated by the North, and she will gooutInconseiuenceoftreasontothe Constitution, » hicb bas culminated in the election of one who avows that treason. Y'ou may as well undeceive your readers and tell them the truth—there is no Lnion Party In South Carolina. For ten years tliore— havebeentwopartiesintheState oneSecessionistsper «f, the other Cooperationists, or those who were unwilling to secede without one or more States uniting with South ("arolbia. Now arc unitedcomniond a prcnuuiu with liotel keepers.The West Washington itlarket Property. Alba^t, Tuesday, Nov. 47,Bicbmond andBtate-lkifincer Attdmey-Gencralthe efforts of tbe Code Coinmittee,' or in cogitating over other engrossing topics, or whether the historicr tba harbor defences, or interfering with ihe'leave the Ministry of Foreign Affairs shortly.Tbe Bank o! France on the I2th, raised its rate ofbut if I am mistaken, we mustaeespttke issue, and meet it as becomes men ami tliat ii was rt?ady and de-irous of taking its full quotaor was not born of the at any rate, no such billlapaits or exportstill was notright parents, I canaot saydiscount from 3J< to 4 j<The Manchester Guardian, of the I4th Inst, says;the exactly thing,percent.l^seaien, who Infinitely prefer annihL^tl'jn to dls- tiaca."FROM VIRGINIA.A Lnnv moil rKieiDENT madibon aoainstSICIBSIOK—LINCOUi'B CABINST— flNAKCIAL KATTCSB, AC.Riosvoira, Tuesday, Nov. 27.of the tiuo 000 loan vihich will be autaorized by theLegislature for military purposes.A man named Harpfs, supposed to entertain -Aboli-tion >entlments, and who has t)een residing at Winns-boro' for some time, was a few since caught ni^litsonverslng with a party of negroes. He was ta'ien inMrris, acting uder a resolatlon of theparsed,Several years ago several societies of ample preten-Tkre CharlsBtOB Stnev poblishee a letter from Last night was one of the coldest ever known in Columbia, and this morning the hydrants were allIt bastbe formality of a Convention proclaiming It.Ssnthwest aad West. Baltimore, Tuesday, Nov. 27.fancy, and he thundered away at the institution untiliritb a picture of tbe rescne of the pasnagera and crew from the horning staamer Cmmaugkt. Tbe>z-PTCsid«nt MunoR OB lececsion, written to Hon.Auzinn RiTii, which has never been publishedfound to be frozen, a circumstance of unusual occur- rence. Z.ingly.virtnaliytakenplace,andonlyawaits If youSchijftr,before. It was called forth by a communication in THE WEST ON THE ELECTION AND THBtba written Rivis, under the of UNION. <»><«, by signature —took effect ou the Baltimore spirit of '76, and we would be recreant and Ohio Railroad yesterday. It ma'erially lessened to the principles which governed our fathers the lime of transit to Cincinnati, Memphis. St Louisfcact **:tionspeople.aaay at1^ij.Tice- -cpar.itetb«<'CiU-Me*. 87. The staUe ol Aitte & Fiske. in Sniri^uerville,•cn tMm from the manuscript, and 'oc?.rg nome in answer to it, written by Rivis, isOHIO U.NlrEU FOR THE DNION THE ERA OP sive idea, that Soutb Carolina will un'ler con-Several destructive firesIn one of them the Kildare-street Club House wasbutdated Jan. 17, 1«3I. From it I take the foUowing ez-THE KIVOI,t:T10N COMTLETE.and three domestics flames. Tbelosswasheavy.in the,(totally burntThe London Press statesperishedfAaad '*^^s coontenmncing ;lie doctrine that u Kt:i*.csecede from i's constltutio;:;!: c<):ii:..:.-t wits the oCner States. A rightful Sf^cession requ:rt;s the consent of the others, or an abuse of the ''<)in^'a<'', abeahrlngitho seceding party from tne ob' gr.ticns irn-I said I.i.vcoLS would have 11 tellan open one. The L'nion is at an cud—ButAn inference from the doclrjnc tli»: a I.linoleAlong-pending lomer-Ceueralyeafdbjit.alBglB Stalf has a right to secede at will from tiie test, ia tbat-tbe rest would have an equal rignt to se- cede fkwn-it: In other words, to torn it against its will ont of its union with them. Bat such a ductrijte would not till of late have been palatable anywhere, and Bowbere less so than where it ie^ow most con- tended for."If the otfici \\ result 1.^THE CHANCES OFVroin the y^w-V'trk Tim'-t.and Patsicx," In which sjme Ameri-of is «T><ktnofforLmcoLD'sCablne', BawouldnotgivethatgentlemanI see It stated that RoBiai £.;ten.On the 9th Lord EtoiNed, and OH Ike Wth the outposts of tie alliedforces hadhalf as muchgtalaasBoiTs,!!, my opinion. BoTTB'appears that one methcd ofoians 10 r-in off animals to £ des.^nated ^pot, vv'ierethe while thieves are r.ady to ta.v • ;atfc'.: olreaehed a kiim.satisfaction to tbe Union men ofbarghspctchias been and is being prin-e-; f„r saads of copies are to beCalledVir- great Lynch- stereotyped in Philadelphia,Yung Tsien,The Times thinks that bv the middle of thescattered over tiie State be- time. Sucii a condition as she would be iti,fore the meeting of the LeKisla-ure by th& Union aji eflipctital preventive of all future <eees,.iMii at-any anyvigor or I nlonvitality.-\s to theofMOZART HAITlu' Tnriotis Ciir.ciitiuns tothe c. nil. tt al.jui existingBiCB. Itwlllnououbtdo cxdleBieBtTfte Bank PresiJents held a aJder Ihe report o' Ihe Committee ofThedaui^eristhatbe .supgesied ciimes luo .s,kui for the >orih, andI.decided to receive on deposit and'MTlBebester, the Bank of the Old Dotninioti at p, v.1fatt,clrdins of ihe .South, it would br* r-n-es-sarv toI'-ntli, lilerentll, ruKMTlvN .Mkt/.,.er;Ksrth havefollowe-s. .s„..h ,. „i,,„,, ^„ followers ..ught toBarrington, «li; Presbyterianville. Penn„tlS; A Friend of ttie Needy, >ni''-"'<t.mIyotstoesinatarketS. 'thattheycanliveunderLiaceu,fordoesKOtencounter.ft-om dignaUoD" which rebuked aodoverawedit then.willbeprompflyforwarded.No.05Front-stitet.advancedr^n exchange.clspntcheswill probably errlve ell Cape iiacc about Wednesdayir.i.,:ht..a)'.yt,ed^iunion temp*/.". revenue,OfcoursetheUnitedStalesmustcollecttheliny planwhce- of aThe Syrian ^ntTcrers.riir.non.t,bekMfS rates between Richmond and the North- ernelUssvariastmmseventotenpercent. Business la eonllned U> He broksrs.Tbe markets u0 mote cheerful this week than last. Articles for wUeta UlO South are depend'ng on theaeeoont of the disarrange- Fleuv Is rtij dull, and holderslenoughside—Thank."!. We are indebted to Aiiams' Evpr-r-sad-the whole nor can there be any Winter;twsBrties, and the Bank of the Valley andaot Inf.hiding th« Bank at Staonton and the liaik i>t CkiMtawtargb.iil> 1TheA N.mening i^oa, to coa-to mol-ix'b.-m-cctons-though,in -oeuernllywithaviewctonscuolpt.asutlitonwstahndadjoDire- •.<i,b.pay ,iu> the ijjiu „fThe CoinriiitteensBt ofsrawUliactoaeUfor cash At 40 W< There are no change has come. A Kentuckydawned" in South Carolina,"" liiaiguantlvSIiLe ti-Sih Inst left with Mr. 01, Previously 'acknowledged, »SICorrespondence'iti^ycongratulate you in New-York onSheFROM KENTUCKY.Sime^. NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1360.A citizen's meeting, composeddeploring the election of a President upon sectionaldeclaring that Kentucky has a common Inter-Issuesest with all the Slavebolding StatesThe era of 1800 andI860.2,;tTEITE tWm TO SECEDE. despair of justice w i'.hin the Union, as both Houses of generous seBtimeats in one ;awornby tympatkywUk tmes neiiber justification, excuse or apology for dis- very sharp foretaste of Winter. Sunday w;:s one ofFrince ofWales.will be opposed to the Executivetucky will insist upon the repeal of the Northernstatutes nullifying the Fugitive Slave lawto the Southern States not to desert the coounonthe tcttnta o/tkt and Ikt ftopUsxlvingother cause of com-Congress;progrctt of Party, containingcauFO u( the South within tbe Unionandand fellabridged—tlo ir lawful Interests should be injuriously affected,exceadingly aaaojiin^ de^ee.resolving that Kentucky will standby the Union till aggres-to suppresserable than rovrtution.|THE MISSISSIPPI LEGISLVTURE. Jacksoii, Monday, Nov. 26.The Legislature organized to-day. The Gov- ernor's message was delivered. Its tone was un-day.publicans, ou the other hand, have sided with free-through the justn-ent"comestoosoonfortheNorth,andwillcome day. ThiswastbsfirstsaowIntbeValleythissea-compromising. cession.The members are unanimous fur se-that maay trees of three or foar years old, and The young sboots,lu>«rever, being more elastic now 1Fartienlari of the iito Royal Intryand of Garibaldi's Retirement.MapleiCONTRADICTION FROM MR. CURRY. Wasuihstos, Tuesday, Nov. 27.Hon. Jabxz L. M. Cdbry, of Alabama, in a pri- vate letter, gives a flat contradiction to the report that he is against secession.OUR own CORRESPONDENCE.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.mC UEETING OF THB LKOISLATUKB AND COHINOthan in thewbertas, the election of Absabab Liboou to tbe oOoa den, and consequently liUle haras in the way of break-KXCITBMKNT— ABmBa KLKUKKT—TH£ HINCTE-MKN, ETC.ALETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.THE DANGEK 0» DISSOLUTION—WHAT CAN BE DONE TOAVERTIT.before tbey return, may be known to theUnion. We concede fully the desirableness of re- tbe meetiitg of both Houses ©f the Legislature at the but BaiSBAB is hmous for doing two things, at tmesPiTziz, which sailed fromCoiOMBiA, S. C, Sunday, Nov. 25, 1860—P. M.There has been quite a lull in the excitementduring tlie last few days, but the meeting of tbe Legl!-To the EditorBiiSHAB, with bis twoWuis, accompanied by a Mleut pa.ty of adherents,lature to-morrow will doubtless about a renew- bringshould be done to avert tbe and the danger preservelalute of thlsS<a<ein extra session, and do app itntinitiated,— bis own counsel and under the im- keeping actingpression of the moment Bence, though a programmeal of the exciting scenes. It definitely settled beingcalmness and confidence to theand we would willlagly do anything in our power tocapiioi in BatonIn testimony whereof I have hereunto set my bandthat vessel not til! the 13th instant.in the minds of all that tbe State nitl secede as soonstorii'gpublic mlad,Rouge.and caused the gieat seal of the State to be affixed, atChester,as the Convention meets, the will at once Legislaturethrougtt the Board of Oire,:tors, notified the GovernorTHB BTAIKUNIONLiverpoolon thetbe ISth, arrivedof allwasfalsehood. Imbecility and corrup- tion of the Buchanan Administration. It might haveb> Federal Impunity, treason will assume a deflmt attitude.;cameintopoweroathewaveoffree,llberat-and Babuk,to be President andVicePresident,uoosti-the«a Ow De* lays of the T«fa^esRefusal of Francis II. toiImmigration,that she dontAfter a very fine spell of weather wie have had aThe Safe Arrival Oat of;andappealing—some of our sisterwhereas, Stales, ainriev-tbe softening of the groundthat Ken-tkt tge. muchoftbeintel-'the railroad, and his passage paid to the North. He former,tbeysettlement can be effected with the (^AvrsiLiL will meet them there. O. W. Cbilds accompany them.Lleut-Gov. Prof. Piaxiiie andalmost without parallel. The commercial people gen- erally had left, and the alteration was made too lata to have an effect upon the Funds."charge by theMmule Men" of the place, carried to under the banner of theCity.else. And wonderful things were on the ere of beingdone. I believe the Polysophical did weatherfor a sptll, and prosper. But the late JanzBiAB M.was poli'ely informed that, if ever caight again within the borders of tiie State, he would not fare so well.action. You may consider the secession of SoutbCarolina a fixed fact, and take your position accord- Imprared Mall aad Pnasenacr Time Schedulealoa^Gbabt raw something in it which did not take his a view of presenting Captain WiuoB, of tiM MiaateIfetjj'lntkTHE SECESSION MOVEMENT. CITIZIR'S UNION MABB MIBTISO AT LOUIBTILLI. most corrupt over endured in any csoniry. The dis- d» ui's Cabinet, Ii, upon uie reassembilBg of Om-IINTERESTINGFROMEUROPE.LouisviLiB,Ky.,Tuesday,Nov.27.due tothe entirelySaaw-BrlKhaaiYonogThe new schedule for Western andthe Southwest-•• A rriend^o tbe Union and State Rights." Itlspi:b- IHE VOTE or TBK WEST THR TAI.LEY OP THB and grandfathers, if it were not so. At any and ail other chief cities ia tbe Western States.had been entrusted to Mr, Bu- the eminent marine artist, who had been far- still-!>orft, or what was the ma'tter with it, I cannot nisbed by 'Capt Liitcu with full particulars of the1800 AND 1S6I3—TuE BiEciiis, Nove;.iber, ISSO.any tingency retrace her steps, I inclo.se you an editorial frriiu the raro^iiuan of tills morning, and Mr, Pp,ks-MayoraltyNoinlBatlons in Maaaachusetts. Boston, Tuesday, Nov, 27.The West iias justllied niy predictlous to tiie letter. Ohiohaiguen Lisooln 45,0t)0 majurity overgive youof our1 do n^ consider the proceedings of Virginia In UouOLAS, ant-l 110-000 over Doc iL^s, BRKCKiNRtn .s and wtaild tin ; theythat the drcumstances' at-to the insulUng andDuke of NewcasUe.ovei bearing conduc: oflhe - r«. At-law laseof Shidde.v Thein the North-;;0,000 111,000 j,000materially different fn>in this, the inajori:I'\. will prove larger. Th»T Bioi'klnridge vote o;' Oiili) ;. about I,'t,00O, and mostly In the north-Kentucity siruiBeli.west, and ha> it, l'>'16j,(,00ilJudge jurlsdictionoftigainsttheinthesession. The of the Orangemen, and at-Ohio l.id.alia. Michifjai:4.'>,«00i Wisconsin .JS,U00llo-Aa»,U(1U|.Minnesota -.to 000'(Governments.NEWSPAPKR INDICATIONS.*•^^^^^^injunction,;brought before Parliament early Press eulogizes the loyalty tributes all the unpleasantnessem coutitiet.of my f,.rmefis true, the tjody of the has uf.crly lalled.Whatever may be tlic reeling ju6t u-iw, iioweicr, we liave very little doubt that the neccs-sitv for a <oui- promise of some sort, if rel itions arc to bedon Divorcetbe vicinity of E. T. City, in Tooele V,i:'ov, anl ping "everal hours in their delivery....:byThe Douglas faction, as I saUl in one^Saill^l; of the Canada.BosTox, Tuesday. Nov. 27.Flfcen hor^es were recently stolen one night fromletters,is crushed our. It e.'nbrace«, itpeacefulpreserved, will, ere long, become more clearly appa-ruB off. Weberreputation MS a rendezvous forgutten booty, and the office -s there hive tj-en .imuc;:partyin the Free Slates, btTtsafelyCountyhas had coni-id.:r.-it 'eThe Times publishes a long communication from its corre.pondcntinChina. TheruptureofnegotiationstjlheTennessee has voted lor Bell—rmd ILookingValleyand on the 6th the army moved;the entire West i;ri!ted against the Soulliern I'ar'.y. It cast-- li'O elet't->r.<; vo'cs against i:'.e destjii";tive policy of tTf f?0'i;;i, aii-1 on th»; qu 'Stion of seces-^ian,DcTKoir, Tuesday, Nov. 27. Peuator PiVi.iN arrived last evenine; from Chi-and leaves for Clevelindcii-ro, to-night enTiuteAorWahlOiiijton.City Politics.(t.1=c«rs resulted as foliow.s:steal is t-. Dru.c lo. ir-gthe vihole Wis; will agreat many Kci'p'.tWe believe this to iic the a'tun!proper' V tne Indians bring t.r^e their., ar-d .n pa> .he ic-month were under the walls of the(United t> a nun. Then.' i.c in the West who i'liiik it-A'tuJl general riLt-alatl-^n. Tbou- be a good tiiitit' tur S Juth Caroi.nal) secele for aii.to suiiiiiissi.in..state of lh<- case at the pre. ent momentIjI;j !!i'Ir«-in ofeoninroniis*;thatcanI.coinnrt'bend, riidiubiedly,lieil. bran'-he-, it h IfButn. t,rrnrim for the future. of thisfor FMladclpliii papers at lea.-,i Uirce hours inand two or three revenue cutters oft Cuarles- ton and ficorge: own. would do that.byThe First, Secoi.d,Seventh. Eivhth, Slitiernth, Twentieth nnd Tvventv-l!k«.l(lng over the battle-hell, Iam Incline;! toeriiic cops.rvative menvi< » ol the opinion;, of ihi' Sipre:;ie Court and theirned Tammany,forReliefofthewhich Iall solvent Banks in the State, eicepttht Rm k of li.iv. ill Hie fusion of all your opponents; you have tioii would probably run the ri^k oitoal uikd i.eiVire 'he election—the great advaniage youtin V In.; h.er honest;!.1 ,-e.iUed in tne Revolution—toiles)at the same eiiil. efforts of each liiive tend,it^uli arei.vance of the mails. such us thi' is note-and have insure its^^^^^^_^THE ITAI,l-*XKBVOI.UTION. The Royal Bniry lata Naplea.Till- whole fusion lot (or, as theyquestion.and tbe AboUrnimfts of the ^orth. air.i, for liiRercnt Enterprise;luwii„ that shape.) It Is much to be regrct-I—so far back,Cbaicb,Ihroufh tfcrirf, $5; through New-York Oar.rr.r. (Iimposed goodand ISpain.upontheiOi,.»taer, and theyirul risf noju u i-oumen We have never "calculated the v-iiue ,;:'tbi oil I-elalenti,! i„en, v»ill lo«e politicalpromptof Queen Spainierallsts—that many ol sagacity. Uu,, ^u^i, |s t|,e fateIn thefrom WasuinotonN laiewcU .\ddre'tni "from thiss-sttemptrenn,, $100; Ml L. B Hartford, <onn„ W,;J-,W.would be-TllOOL COHMISIIOJtrpS- nominate .SclioolwillcoVre'ct'oirhablte Jd gether the var'ons ports.port on the-. 1th iust.for LiverpoM, will touch off Race forlati r from New-York. Shetheyus.; the op-the rest-or toenteeblothe 'sacriidtit-s^amn, Saturday,Andrews, Columbus, Ohio, $10, Ladies' Biile C;ass,the ilme for paper sav, w^tii trull/Dispatches to rSKO'OE Stoxbs. No, 7 Broad.str.)et up0(i9 04, Total, A. BOOTH. TreM.rcr,f.,^ka_csuz-m'It00thatday,r* the Admmi»lrtitn o/ Bjithanan, the worst and the is row more than tolerated by mcmbem of the Presi-AFFAIRS IN UTAH.rnptlon and destruction of the Democratic Party Isire'S, the Pietidentblmself proves derelict, ibe codu- tiymustprepareItselilorasternordeal.En;oaraged Unpleasantbeenany other means.'1who cansplre to over- TheBaltimore.andtrue,any plan of ad-defeated, but cotild not have been destroyed byCorrupnninut qf tlu Nns- York Tantt.GUAT Salt Lau Nov. Cut, Friday,pretexts—nothing more, in I8«0 have a striking resem- (act, than lalse pretences. The quiet, calm" constltu- blance to one anolber. The Democratic Party of 1800 11, nsl elec ion of AsaAHAM LmooLir anu Haitmibai.TheoldFederallect and wortk of thewanted this sympathy with the peoplenot see that the world move: It wanted toIsacyproperty, againstoppressionnation,failedfreesimply ;peace fullyv> lib ourIf forcibly thaymust."paittcles tolilingcnlyspeech— forever, by failing to sympathize with the poor andnight the Beavcas kNdced bladi aadTheConvenUon. There Is now a worse threa'-eninjr in the .Sou h.ol PresideBt of the United Slates a seottooal and byIMPORTANT FROM CHINA.Weftand filial revoluiion. lo where, thegathered,arecaught wita;completeby prodigious growth popilitioa andty. now consummated by this last liuuitThe Allied Army within a Jonmey ofVetLiug.power powerwhosep< ople and the instllutfons of the Sootn has t>eeoand outrage i>eri>etrated at and through the bal- k-tbox, does. In my opinion, as well as that of a large uunlM'r of citlxens of all parties and pursuits, fumtsb an occasion such as laconleiBplated by tbe &>Qatltu- tlon ; andageand many of tbe tkelT new bnildlogi half erected.iscrop yet tobut Ike Wett Kill not lost it.Political power has now passedpeopleofand weal'h, it must remain. 1'be census of IHOO con-Tuesday momins early, two Inches more cfThe seat of Government is as much removedfirms it.to the Valley of the Ohio, a- If the Caplta.1 w is taken up and set mere. A VETERAN OBSERVER.The screw steamship Ciiy of Bahimore, Capt.the yetr-Yorlc TimesIn jour paper of yesterday you say "constant sug-own couri-e of actionNow, therefore, I, "rBOHAS O. Mooas, Governor ofcoadjutors,(lueenstown, are one later than those dayArago, whose news was telegraphed from Race.of:the Capaas like as not aseat of Government ofhonestly desire to know what can be aone" by you ai/d of the Independence of the United States of may guess the direction aud extent He has recentlyand other leaden of the Republican Party to preserve America the eighty-fifth.BCMiBlly would enable tbe State to establish her Colonel in one of the volunteer regiments. Both re- provides that " the Congress, whenever two-thirds ot proximate to Camp Floyd. Tne Mormon settlements o'clock on tbewill be two reports to the presentedready made a trip to Prove and Prove Valley. So be will for sea, aad there will be no departure from Galwar go somewhere else this time. He will scarcely go till the 18th December, when the Prince Artrrl is ad-presented byDr. GaxEiv, who inthethe Union. I, therefore, bare conclude 1 to answeryour query, and say what / think can be done. Taefifih article of the Constitution of the United States EFFECTS OF THE RGCUNT UALE. and he certainly will not go West ; that wili be too A telegram published In the London Time* dated 7from Long Point Sixteen of her crew and one Yadaral anttoittiaa, for a given time, until other course soon be settled by the Legislature. Those tliereof, as the one or tbe other made may be pro- senger are loit. The saved are Capt. Mohbos, twoat the lirst call for volunteers not less th^an 50,000 ber next ; let the Republic tn members unite with the DAU-. Five bodies have been picked up. Those If tte Ootaimnqit insists on onnldering Soutb Caro- SoLih Carolinians will flock to the standard. [We Democrats in tbe passage of an act proposing the fol- saved report that nearly all reached shore, but per-dred and fifty miles, or to the new settlements on the of that town. Gen. Bosco had arrived, and would Sevier, or to the lead works on the Beaver. The pre- take the command of tbe troops, who still namber cipe distance will, likely, depend more or icts on toe 13,000 men. He relies on the strength of the fortress. weather. A Prussian general had arrived on a mission. A Por-BaicBAH bas made quite a number of tiese tours tuguese and a Spanish frigate bad arrived off Gaeta.Ibe present season, perhaps to compeDsate for his in- The Paris Patrio says that tbe King has not yetdoor detentloB, compulsory or politic, of '58-9. made up his mind to capitulate. He still retains anCache Valley, Provo City, Provo Valley, the Weber army of 15,000 men, which is sufficient for tlie de-Coal Beds, and now the Southern country, corne in fence. The new Italian army Is to consist of 177for their share of attention. These rural tr!,-'S seem Regiments of Infantry, Cavalry, and Artillery, andliaa in tbe Dnion after tbe ordinance of secession, the believe thr total male poDuUtion of the State over 10 >r—tial paalal amngement must cease, and anotker years of age Is but 58,000.1mmlei • State authority be substituted. The The (,'onvenUon having voted tbe State out of thetbe prohibition of the in- Union, it is asserted that the details will have to be ^•Avlies carried out by the Legislature, and then we shall have /-•f dares from Btatee not members an exciting time, for it is known that although every•f Ike SnaOtern Confederacy, and particularly member of both Houses Is in favor of secession, there tafdn States. He says let them keep their slave are not a few whose love for tbe Union Is so stronglowing amendments: ished in the snow-storm. The captain's and passen- 1. That Slavery shall not exist in any Territory ger's hands were badly frozen. The two esgloeers north of 36° 30% between the AUai.tic and Pacific. were found frozen lo death three hundred yards from (The Ordinance of 171S7.) the light-house, locked in each other's arms. Thethat they will do all in their power to heal the breachIn case the North makes proper amends for thegresstons heaped upon the South during past years,and securitr for the future. the gives ample Amongmost rabid of the Secessionists will be found gentle- men who adhere to the Union, and who will hazardTbe Minute Men of Columbia had a nry lanaaad Itaiwljiilaltiwi *fOaEaatfeasaConAraace,azcept aBiJiasiaslieneetlnglastBight tmrngummimftjiaparty in oucbotdaa, and tbe only alternative left tt«»la ananeipatioB by ibelr own act or action of ttatf—lfcdentts. Be hopes, however, that all the Blare St^cs will untte In a Boutbem Confederacy. Ba adylaea (k« passage of most ample a:id nringentlavadaysago for Detroit, has notbeen heard of.afabatsupercedeLet these proposed amendments be ratified by tbree- fourtbs ol tbe legislatures of Ui£ aeveral Siates, wtiicfaOaata wtthout any leriaaaParis, stopping only lung enoughin Wash-c nt ashore at Tibbetts andw went to piecesbut as none but the in\ ited were present, uf course Icently organized theam unable to make a report of what they said. Col.she has a cargo of gr.aio. The En-—the sent did not reacli him in time.tunlUes the tooffer, throughout Territory, corres-session of ttie Legislaturetelegraphic dispatchesLegislatureMr. IiircelB at Home. Sphibopixh), 11!,, Tuerdav. Nov. 27.wanted. "The King, it Is said, in- pond CityTheladies liere are as firm Secessionists as the men. At a ball a few nights since, during a recess in tbe dancing, the ladies held a meeting and unanimous- ly resolveo " ttiatthis is the last ball we will ever at-Mr. Lincoln occupied himself, to-day, princi-with societies of a similar character, wherever established, and also to aim at the attainment of uni- formity in conLexion with the practice of sccoclof Naples.The French Minister of the Interior had addressedment of permanent Comodttees for collecting sub- scriptions for a foreign Government, and thoee whichat the same time, therehereafter be chosen Districts. by Congressionalla aliU hoped- tkoogh ta aaeaia tbeBe says it is gratifying to know that if a resort tojarms tend in the Uiiited States." There is one kind of lature in calling it, and the ordinance will be passed lated during his absence,et,ating that the Government did not prohibit the Pontifical, nor Ihe officers ; Okbob Piatt, Jr., President ; Jaues Cobb, the collection of Peter's pence, says that, iKitwith- G. W. MonsLsi, Vice-President" ; W. Willis, Scc/e- standing, it cannot admit tbe unauthorized establish-ia necessary, we have a tender of volunteers from all union they have not yet denounced, ^ut if any North-the Bovthem and some of the Noithem States, who erner should come ont this way looking for a wife, and does not find one in favor of separate State action beas soen as it assembles. Until that Is done, and the Mr, Liscois Is in pos.seTslon of reliable Drlvat3 in- day lixed for resuming the soverci.i^n power of Ihe lorn stion from Kansas, showing the publtshed ac-H. W. Ckuxch, Treasurer.Every once in a while there are some i<'*rge at-wiU iock promptly to the standard, and share hernp to blunderbusses, but went through the drill very vUlbe made by the present or next Administration to well. There is a law compelling every able-bodiedwill come very tear being cheated.The nillitio, ununiformed, were out on parade to-State in full, the citizens of South Carolina will dis-greatly exagger-;day, to tlie number of tiiree or four hundrttl. Tlieytemptsliteraryatsociations.havealreadybeenformedaretobedissolved, or tkeyag-mayhave run into someaid Inproducing that result. But what can be done 1''the ol Baton Citybe laidoutsudden change will beThe new steamer Leinster advertised toway on the 20th for St. John's, N. F., was notandexists in the State as to tbe necessity for immediatecounsel coercion of a sovereign State, go aheadissue will be met by tne South with the em malls andpain'Jng of tbe picture usi-T,— rale, do not longer deceive vour people by any illu-thing in.the eliniate, or the ways of the folks here, that renders ibe health of such eocietiesof a very del- icate ciiaracter.If the late decision of the Probate Court, In tne case of Briuuab Youse vs. P. K. Dotbob had been carried into exe'cu.lon, the tX'Marshal's property, or some ofhad Dublin. occurred inTx'N's lieclaration.the convic-E. S. ToBBT has heen nominated for Mayor of "in a lew >crytoabout this Una.Respectfully yours,We cannot resist the conviction, force ius by evidence ol the most trustworthy cliaracier, thatThe mails nf tlie Canada close at 8 she will sail about II o'ldock to-marrow.ar.d :hetr«dl-o'clock, and dcon, Fauquier, am no\^ advifed Aliss'- iri has also. Thus you fiul two cr three other Slave States stun J rcadv lo second MoTcmpnts of 8cDatar Haiulln.thievesof llie Ohio, ri'iit.di.siiidon is the sfUltd purpose of Soiith Carolinaupon-and lierinitthemomentsheshalllakeade- supportcisive step.—and ihat nearly all the rest are dispose.1,it iioi deteriiiiricJ, to join in resisting any attempt onthe •»r the General Govcrnimnl to coerce iiiem po't11-servativt niuveiiient ofCull S'liii -. if lUere iatloni. ii ha.- not vet tal,eii form.will collie loo late lor trieol the Missouri line ouaht lo !.rThird. Fourth. Fiffi, S'liii,bySouth. The satisfactoryanc» of bethesignal perial snandaiins.it in an mnendnient of theNcBMAN McLeouThirteenth. Cins. D. Hrown F.mrtceutii,possiblednjcnd- to have malii- The -Mimny /-.rci./ii.- J,,<.,r:,u: cournents on IheEiahtecpth, WtAKE D, Pa?soxsA. Q. K., $15Ihe appniachni.A one blow. If tnl upon an act ol Cougres-. e„t .,tf ttie hi ads of the Hydra atCt.i.Ti&ilirst Hl.NKY G. Dl losisT,;;;;kUBb,tbeBankof Philllpi, the Bank ofiMBaakof Berkley, the Banks of Wheeling and trti..!,; ,^.|. iii^ gy^^ ground, fusion might liave above as followsAlice, Third Presbyterian Cnurch, Churchill, Richmond, Va,, $55; through .'Vew-i'ci.t;:$5; Summit, Miss,. $5iwill beheldreason to anticipate danger from such a proceeding, and the Times hopes to hear by next mail that the twofeeling any jrga:ii..odanysome iniiuen te in the matter, '•"''•»• I's'cocx. of Maiiil. recentlyseems, however, to have been that the Tartar armv had Oeen ent'rely cowed by the Eu-(.oiistiiuticn. luakjisM. through New-York Obseruer, $3wIhe capital has been taken and occupied, and that'I here is little to be hoped from .j:r^.7i'.» on eitherof" Indignantly frown up<n the flr«t dav^nlr-r -.i . vrrymost abiding. learned,siiiipiiciiychUdUoot, wepackages.Dispatches fou Ki-kopx The stcamor A"o»- M, Rand, Albany, $3; Miss J.because it because It didibey may—But consent, humble as it Is, U>e Southof earth at times soIt is amorning of the I4tn Inst, says thU two or three strange ships arrived at Plymouth SoundStates aeeede, and a Soattan Confederacy formed. who have every opportunity of knowing, assert that po.sed by the Congress." Congress meets in Decem- firemen, one wheelman, and a passenger named Rak- extend his trip to the capital, Fillmore, some one hun- cis II. had rejected the proposals for the evacaatioafealal airaataBcats taerself unembarrassed. He Eug- portswill recommend the of the complete armingboth Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose AddidsBal Disastrrs Reported en thn I^akcs. South extend some 300 ml es. He will hardly make,at thisweather, with the mercury Bear xero, i« ipiite withintbe range of possibility. A visit to Juab, or to Sui Race, announces the safe arrival of the Royal Fleet] Fete Valley, wo<ald seem more probable. He might Letters from Gaeta, dated Nov, 11, state that Faui-a* • tenporary expedient, to use Adams' Ez- State, and the callir.g out of 10,000 volunteers. The Hc ftutbar nnests that probably arrange- only dUlerence on the part of tbe Committee is re- I wOl be Bad* between Soatb Carolina and the ported to be in regard to minor points, which will ofamendments to the Constitution, which shall be validPoet C, Nov, 27. Dovxa, W,, Tue8.iay,The propeller J- rsey City, from Cleveland, with a cargo of flour and pork, is a total wreck, two milesEtich atrip as will circumscribe Ihise distant settle-when theto all intents andwhen ratified by the Legislatures of three-faurlbs of the several Slates, or by Conventions in three-fourthsin the and aremorning, atipposed to be tke Hero,purposes as part of the Constitution,saenls,season,icc'.emency ofearlyAriadne, and Flginy Fish. [The Arabia, at Capa2. That in any Territory south of that line, the cargo is strewed along tlie beach for miles. Thecap-people thereof may determine for themselves, when tbey come to form a State Constitution, and not before, whether Slavery shall be recognized or excluded therefrom.3. That BO amendment of the Constitution shallever be made,any State, unless the consent of the State to be Inches affected shall be obtained thereto.4. Electors for President and Vice-President shallaffectingthe institution ofSlaveryinIdiaanary,aadtbe'OaiaawIMbapieserrad." Ua-SiBBi IsB ftssaaay wh»» ar to alM,only one opinionADJUSTMENT.was burned last night with six horses the work of an incendiary.The fire wascan int. lesis are involved, was progressing in the Lon-and except localities at ihc Somh. we see no can-ward. Manya.t. thiiiir.norcinthnpieniituio;.A'.-'-ra.'',-,« of Ih* .South,Obstrifr, $10!" — $2;Generals are in full occupation of Pekln,wouldhuvr b«en -rmore (at bastti-d, as it wa'toocl, stiund. andcaste, for llii IV »a.,tolpoliMeal warfare; ar.l.porMinlties of ,heir exile tomoral, of Ineugave of Marsha; R,Nn„, and his atlmonlsh any nation, or party, thatwhen we are from Nashville rccL^ivlnt? papersreasons, TheOisiinionlsts.worthy,and New-Orlesr.s at least a monthsuch termsbehavior for many a year.as willtoto alienate any portion or cur (tou,.trw .ro.oiR, Mecnar.icsburgh,,.,We are bow old-fashioned ennuuli tc. c.hen-h this(ireat Church, blairs-admonidon. When, thirty years ago, this -attempt (apethro jgh New- V.irk Obaemr,$3 50, iotal, «5i«cf the London Sews. Naplis, Wednesday, Nov. 1. 18M.ita-'j.vfrowned upon," But upon its second daw nln^'" it;iobieei. it„.u'.We are also liid.ibtcd to thifor ipstanre, :n Oct. 28. Union." Our earliest impressions are deepest ami traciicai. Eiprc.ss for theA, Th.impson, Hopewell, N, V., $5; First Presoyie- delivery of We; tern rian Church, Genova, N. Y., $100 40; Welsh i^in-eregatioia! Church, Hvde Para, Pjnn,, $.11; -'onwarand re.- torationfootIt iv most Jrobable thatappear-embody ^cillier .scc-ilS itferingSyiiareceiptIt is place w hich,wl.leUu ,.. libl; to-— 'apt l)Et«£s, wlucb sailedCherry Valley, $55; A. R, Riggs, Drakevilie, M,$iOthe tie "In- right quarter,10 \. .M.t2\AiiOS.1 amdelightedto saythat bothKing Victor;willThe >.orth has long had notice of what the Sonth this city by the Republicans and Citizens."Theywill uow have .action.1 write whenforth the North and the South will constituteknowyou that the question is noL n^owrsANCis Chups, Republican, for (Tharleslown,oeen nominatedit, would ere this havehis volunteered readiness to issue a writ ofif asked formally to do so. seems to have rirtualiy laidon thefor the tale bas been postponed, and perhaps wUl be,after the of theuntil sitting Legislature, when rcme-ibing will, no duubt, bedone for the Judges, as tne early session is at their re>|ueet.1brought tothe Probate Court in such cases, andwdatbeenCsosiT's expressed opinionhammer.Untitled Documentthe Union.plaint, we are prepared—our friends are prepared—iheiouiiiry«• ifIt too l^, probably,Tkasekosaett^isAfaashorahimaraMa gwn, make to the ton. Tka schooner Kory, of St Catkartnas, is ashoreBsmr«aahte,ihanvsaaidbaplaatyof exIxHtaticn meat,whichisexpectedtotakeplaceinJanoaiy,thenoprepared—to abide tbe coas«qu4noas,Vlththose peculiarly unpleasant days, of which tliis lati-—tudecanboast verywindyandverydusty,thefinethraatenlcg.saptrmary ol the C<>nstiliitlsn and laws. incheiof snow. Mare yell at Intervalstbe air as not clittruct the vision, b>it to penetrate eyas, aaouth, prevent ccnritutlnr al rights should be iu>oe of and BostrUs to an Atthe North rbuuld discharge its whole duty to tkesioBS on ber constituUonal rights become more intol- the oppressed. This is just the case with the psnttfa Srnih : and then, come w^at may comS. maintain the next Boraiag, tka aarth Was esivered with about sixDemoci of thisIt has sided withfreedom and man. The Re-dom and the people. The difference was radicaltbe decision Is final, Tne party called Demoorattc the 1 residentthattooiatt for.the SoutiK*' It Is almost certain lo tie so, ifLOCISLANA.IXTKA EBBBIOR OV IHB LmiSLATUBB—PBOOLA- MAVHW OV OOT. MOOU,Bxionnvs Orrics, Batob Roues. Wheress, the Coastituthm of tba Stats of Louisiana antboiizes tbe ExeeutiTa to ooBvene,tlM Qaosral As- and;leaves,and the>embly thereof on eslraordinary occasionsSpring,sankgracsfuUyunder theirbur-evindrd and by repaatadTi>la- tloiis of consUtotionsl obligations and frateraarfsndforthe oftheirInstitutionsand tomakei:amatterof safetyoftheMih,andfrom on Queenstownecurliy,to rots,beets,andtberootcropsIngeneral.:byMoi'dsy. the 10th day of December next, at 12 M„ forThe Baltimore takesthe place of the City of Han^ having arrived at Queenstowathe1 believe that you are sincere in this declaration, and ti is Stale, on this lOthdayof Noven>ber, A, D. I860, mad< in It during tbe journey. Notwithstanding, one"leave Gal-Rouge,ers of tbe Land-ofllce, left for New-York last eveningto Into the value of the Westiriqoire WashingtonMarket property, snd ascertain upon what terms aadvancedtbediscountrate to in fiveper cent.,passengershas Theodi'BB Otis has been nominatedtrndingoccasion of tbe visit of Ibe Prince of Wale=, will bei«us*" of Ilt-ibury,Fire Id Boston.ecnnd Wards, held briefN.nlh Wiird nominated Wm, Vau Assdilxaf ernoon,WM,;to reembark beforeBoBTo!!, Tuesday,anembargooperationsof theterritorialolEcials,;son, probleai—fraught msteanimate and inani- fruit-trees had not shed their eempaet, snow falling upon them,Oaeta.lODg-eontinttedDay'sTH0M.4S O. MOORE, Governor of Louisiana.tain arrived here to-day.CoixiBowooD, C. W., Tuesday, Nov. 27,The steamer Ploughboy, which left here tento of a tlireefold character— ex- partake recrea^ve,ploratory and religious. Of course, Bxidbah, sittingin bis office, to "give counsel to the almost brethren,"from n>gbt to mom, from morn to dewy eve, alDiougb we have very little dew in this region, must certainly feel very eager to ruralize oceasioaally for a week oi two. And at tbeaaaw lima Be can take a glance at tha risaarcss aadfM>llttasof t—M Battalions of The French does Bersaglieri. armynotconslstof more than 206 Regiments and 21 bat- talions of Cliasseurs.Tbe Ofleial Journal of Naples contains the appoint-meat of GaaiBaLni as Geniieral of the Army. TlisShebad only three days' provlstens.depthof snowhere,andsinceport for shelter. SheThere is nearly six tbe weather Is cold. Oswioo, Tuesday, Nov. 27.The bark Cleveland and tbe barkthe Clayton are ashore at tbe head of Loaf Island. Tl.e schooner Xanpareil, of Sackett's HaitMr, liaasic^a-waiks before Gaatawere actively continued. It ,'supposed to beeaa de done (if the BwabUean laadars will conaeat) ails gone. The bark FtmtaltiUa Is ailHsa at tba tka''tealhi«B'>tobaildaettr bara^orafoitlbaia. or gaiTisna do ant nylliilat«,ftfc(^monlsslon-Bank of England yesterday, the Bank Dtrectors sud-Universal Scientific Society, and I do not know what a similar amount to-morrow. Such an occurrence is:acknowledge thepas-'oen II. Tweir.y- }25iiiJroy.and itappeared to takeSurrenderatTimberIsland. TheQuebecisashoreatNineMilehands of the conservative party of the South will be Flint. The "bark Tomoiio, of Chicago, with com, fort in tbe fond anticipation of ihe day of victory, On GAaisaxni taking his departure for the Island ofwill be forever protected In her just rights, and theso .strengthened as to enable them to resist the eflRirtsof Iho&e amongst them who desire a dissolution of theUnion. BENTON,TIIE POPITIOK AND PURPOSE OF SOUTH CABOLI.NA. at Cedar Islands. Two schooners are on the Four A number of school teachers acd others lave re- the staff, the officers and the army in general.counts of the Montgomery affair to becharge every duty they owe to the Govcrnuient under ated, and no attack on the border Slave States in-the Constitution, No one has any idea of impeding tended.any of the laws while the State remains in the Con- Mr. Batjs, of Missouri, is strongly urged by West- federacy, She came in under a solemn compact, empoilticlaiLS.tarylost. The Coleraineportednear Brockville,crew re- went ashore on tbe rocks bark, name unknown. Is ashorewhen Time and the enemies of the Saints should be of Caprera, he was overwhelmed with the inost no more. striking demonstrations of 6ymp;.t4y from the Kins,AMile Point. The schooner Rumi^im; Li^ht Is axhTre"I^seret ii. hool-Teachers' Association," in this city, the avowed object of wticiiat Cape Vincentdo /'rpriac is ashore at Long Point, Canada. The Cape;w«s introduced in the IThe town is oppressivelv dull, and olEje seekers whether that hon"orable body was too busy in killingindividuals can be as freely given,sionssprang upinto a kind of mushroam existencedenlycnnrrquence of the withdrawal of £300.060 in gold for the Bank of France, and of notice of requirement of^ap* ^ Weather—Uoae aa a Saalhem Tsnr-Edaeatioaal Mattera—Bane Hieallax> &e.by surprise.beOnmo^fsll. The air ainca has been clear aa.1 sharp,the days fine, and the nights frosty. The snow, bow-ever, has not yet disappeared from the Valley. Onebenefit of this storm will befor Fall plowiog, as some of It had become so baid asdifficultylift potatoes, car-ofteaching, by means lectures, lessons, est ays, read-a Circular to all the after Prefects, which,ings, illustrations and criticisms." The following arefor a time. There was the the Polyeophical Society,iuri di-oion h»« Mr, ''ad nls .f.ajhine andDe.^tit.ttc andThe anticipation ropean srtlller^.that negotiations might have takenit,*;o;2!it in tile .s.ocTeiy injured.threshingthetiie Allies in the neighborhood of Pektagwwildinlowing sums: Cash, ()of I :e 'ol- P. R., $50; J. A, s,,J.A. Lowell, Boston, $10 Harkiey, Alamo,Lady, $SW,, New-Uoad,V., John T.Rockwell, West Winsted, Cone., «!d; RePKmcd Dutch New-I,atts, N, Y., $IJ"J,;:andnoHistorical wascstablislicd. Society''Afterbusinesshours,andafter tbe of closing thewasIbefallthereof. AstotheUni- versal Scientific Society, 1 believe nothing has been heard of that banning since its birth. Whether it was1: fell, ajid greatuijdertake to say. However, there does seem so:,;e- eventha country, advislntli^ttiy,bptlMi;and, as oppjr-March, It;61.an<l arms will betends mobilizing 20.000 NaUonal Guards of thein UtahatLast Winter, a bill for the establishment of a Hist">ri- will be subjectetl to equal penalties. Tbe ofEeriags o£ealSocietyegi'lato.-e, butheretofore.The report Is revived that M. Tbocvxhu Is likely toutj the nests. One was f-ido.ved and ar- t.)ok place on the 7th-Of "Ihisfeiioa madea con'essloii by wli.'.h, if tru. ,forward onliresied near Fillmore, with a «tj'eii i.-iir.proceed- 4i miles from Pe*anoi-her battle must have been foughtfor other overtures on tbe part of the Im-were cun'-ss.d, aid ir.iny n imes -.Itb su-'h pursuits. I here is soir.e- given eonnc'ied of Mca icg than I .anIhe English and Frenchcapital, and if the Chinese were disposedusethe;A subscription bad been set on foot In England withthe demonstration in Canada on the OrangeCourt A Miss Sbidsin advocatedo" n ca-^e. and addressed the Court in speeches occn-Peking.placeill allow theof Winter, but^Beems far more likelyTheEmneror of Annam, who Isagainstenemy has declaredthe nowatwarwithFrancaWresist,' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com*am 