 .. v .-„-/2t'ey asaisi in p ^ ior.ds to rote th* * ill be elected^ & 0 4riredatsd undone, iy and cruel devio* >lypurpose-! Sixck J«»a6t fail to come re. T h e Gdraum.any act from COa_fare oenviuced that riy of patriotism, abyelectingXjfr,mding in Brooklyno. that Mr. ODEtL. w« in'the lid Di». P H R E Y , whom tfee act, had openly de. gentleman m a k W nlyia fevorof^lat he was aiso in p bring their slave* na taming the Bin.Arethesethe nth». well-meaning and sire" abandoned their mselves ioto a Pa- e c&re not to what rately tothe ballot-ogtheSlave-Trade? re not what political himself to be made aadidate who would*eef Kew-T orkthe rhieh it wisely abol- OJOELL hashadaan office-holder in and as the fruit of unbibed he oome*or their suffrages, «favors the SUve- $hes to make Kings Who will give himf the Sorth to aet atal policy? W elor President as If we vote for become enrage* *<1hat That wiU'%estobe whipped crack of the slave-r our (Consciences,withoutfirsta s k - our masters at the substance of theNEW-YORK DAILY TRD3UNE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I,5• *?%&$!•$>^^"i^F^'^-W^^ ,:A,Wr<—,Ttng LATEST NEW&RliHftoiirf Folitios.mTtliepje^ent campaign* >THA T HorE^/^vXi<lisiaE».' T P . S.—For Mr. McQuaf? an<? thr. New York City Y'tt,'re^ardinR i t as the first great aet iaeedTuI to be I Railroad bill —See LawSof J860, chapter 311, pago done, we ehatlfgreet va accompiidhment wtta, sati?fao- ^i-,038;' :In this worst- of 4ll rteraiilroad toi/ls oaosed byn 6T. Louis, Wtdcr^adaT, Oct 31,18S0. TbeDonglss men andBockiiridge «<mh*<llarge prcceps;«ns last.n^gbt, andacolUdon took place*oe- twHD them jost asth* tatter were dispwaiccj ttnxa rMAOKETIC TELEGRAPH, thtir <0ubxootr. Tb«> pnblbhed ac omvs ch«rg» thi Douglasn^en"wi'hbeingthnt«gflfrt>(>eors,but^atothat f-e JSreckinr dee men w«re YictHious, The pjlicePOLITIGALTHE CANVASS IN NEW-tOEK. The Hon DANIEL UJCL-MANW wilt ep**k'. AtSchenVotody. iThuraday,'Nov.1.- A tRsymeitown-••••••••• •••«•• .Friday, Nov. 2.BROOKLYN mMMO. ' -tioa through any agency that providence may; appoint. the enginepring-'Of Mr, McQaju3e o w the Gpverjaor's •! rFiauV P. Blair^jr., of Mi»sona, is au^Cucccd to ia4-EXCELVKDBY.veto, i*found the name ol John Myers, as obe of the original corporfttors; and vho is Jor-'u My^rt? He i« oneoftheworkmeriojthebreweryofMr McQaade'a faibir, and aeob*r, industrious roan; buuao oue supFromWaftblngUMnu a?arrnw»f,soondedandthafirom6iicalledouttoqa^Il Atxroy••••••>••••••«>**••m•• .Saturday.Hot.Z. RepublicansupportersoftheGridironRailrovd peeeseverrthstMr.Myershasany-sparemoneytoin- •_, • •••->-' • -•-..>-••,•.•'" .,.-.. » "''- " ". •t>iw diftnr'ance. Coneid xable excitement prevailed f^r a time? but no eerioat* d-.mace wa" done.AeptfcialdispatchtoThr.Republican^fromBooc- viile says that Senator Green in%d* A spesch there, • There seems to ben determination of the Seced- ywt«rdtty, in which he declared th«rt. bat for MTr.eistocreateapanic. Businessmenherecom- Douglas,Kansaswouldb«»vebeenaSl*v*>State.He a!so sa<d that Congressional protection to S'avery was plain that the Metropolitan Baok to-day refused to the only doctrine that vrould preserve the.Government, give drafts on New-York. This afternoon it is >ut he (Rreen) would support Mr. Oouglat if it was stated that two Baltimore banking houses have tv>e o»]y chance t» defeat Lincoln. He did not tniuk •Mr. Lincoln's election a cause for secession, which wasC.S.DKiiw willepsakAtGarrison's............J:......Thursdayeve.,Nov.LAt NoithrHaverstraw............Friday ere., Nov. 2.Gen. B. F. BRUCK will speakvest in railroad stock—and such ie the financial condi- billswho have severallyachieveda renomination, tionofMr.McQuade,jr/,themember,thathe-certainly: areaccustomedtoassertthattherewasnoprotest:;.-ba»not.,'\i-vih~y•-;;•;-..•':•.-.,';••:r'.sft#4''$$&&$?<[•BPOOKLIKWIOK-AWAKE PAn/toE.-parBrooklya ftiends are rtlybg prioeips'rynpott Th*fr 6wn fesooroet; for their oVnopstrationtc-mbnrowtrigbt, The Jersey8p*stalWnmt^htoTb*N. V.Tribtm*.WASHINGTON. Wednesday,Act.31,18G0.MORE P ANIC OPERA TIONS,from this City against the reprobated bills. That is Dot i%\ the unanimous opposition of our Pres.B was one protest; the remonstrance of our Munici- pal authorities w*s another; Gov. Morgan's Ve- toes form a third. Eut', prior to this,.there was another strong remonstrance from our RepublicanUnder the old banking system, Commissioners, boundby osib, not to take themselves more tuau 100 shares City and Hobolren Wide-Awakes, who have donesucksuspended payment; That will do more to kill the Seceders than anything else. By intending to strike the North, they hit the South. They are .nddJJDg while Rome is burniog, but their base acts will recoil upon themselves.SECESSION.• The Star, so long a bitter Secession paper, con-tains today quite a sensible article. I t says thatthe only hope of peace lies in the generation of aconfidence throughout the South tftat Mr. Lincoln'sbut another name for revolution.;/ SIR: I inclose a copy or resolutionB and feinon-etrancB ag^inat the Gridiron Railroads which, unani- mously passed our present Republican Central Com- ttittee onthe10thofAprillast,andbeforethepassage of these rascally schemes over the Governor'* vetro, and I aek you to call the attention o f the Republican, votersofihecitytothissubject. IfasingleRepubli-can goes to Albany this Winter to f^yor tbesa schemes it ia our own fault. We are either honest men or rogues, so that while voting for Morgan we should seeasked by the " concern," for the rigbts and heredita- tbtrngb Seventh street to South Ninth ^street taxiadministration cannot fail to be conservative upon Vice-P/e6id<-nt Breckinridge. The B>ard afcerwardthe Slavery question, and Mr. Lincoln can, and he partook of a dinner from tne merchants of Lex'ugton, when th*y were escorted to th's city by a coramUtee ofonly can generate such a confidence. t^eL*si»:gtoD Chamber of Commerce,.arriving at 6 Radical Secessionists declare that they will not o'c'ockthis evening. They partake of a grand bauo^uetgo for a Southern Confederacy which shall include here to-rupirow night;Vi , - 3 • • • • ' ;'-.—E. S. Cleveland, esq., of Cornwell, epeaks to the RepTfblicsn8 of Brooklyn, in the Wigwam,, on Court street, Thur?day evening, Nov. 1. Mr. Cleveland didm> 'T H E BANNER BEPtrBiiiCAjf Cr.trs of Kiuss Countymet at tte Wigwam, opposite the City Hall; Brooklyn,last evening, to hold counsel with each othsr for the J laettime previous io the eleciion. And a gloriwuicouncil they held- the Wigwam wasfulfoi*nthue*as-v tfoRtpublicahs—so foil that they overffowed into largo nitetb-gs outride. Tbe meeting was opened byaifong f»om the Prairie Songsters, who sang a dialogue called " Patrick and $rai*us m the Fu«ion Car." and beiog loudly appltauded, io compliance with th» demand, ther sang, " A Good Time Coming/' when- Liacolu i*suchStatesasDelaware,Maryland,"Virginia,Ken- tucky,.Tennessee, and North Carolica. The Cot-ton States desire the reopening o f the Africanslave-trade for cheapening labor, and i t i s the 2:31^, 12:31. interest of the before-mentioned States, that raiseHofiACE GREELH-wiU speak • . ; , . .At Middleto%vn . . . . i v.;Friday, Nov.2.' GEORGEW»COMBSwillspeak•At Marion..;...........1.......Friday, Nov.2: At. Pultney^lte Satatday,Nov. 3.the other districts? If we ar* to send rogues and job1•hers.to our Legislature to disgrace our ci;,y, better that F)iday evening next. Judge Nelson/candidate forslaves for sale, to \suppress the trade and keep outAfrican competitors. Hence itis contended thata confederacy composed of all-the Southern. States today. They have mede an assignment.• M e ? 8 T 8 - _ ' A p * p l e t o n & . C o . * h a v e a l s o c l o s e d t h e i r d o o r s . : would immediately- ficd Slavery as great a dis- There are rumors of other stock-dealers suspending.mbktof oarci izens. desire additional lailroadaccouimodat'ona, Oliver P. Morton, eWed last month- Lieute-ant- jet the> mo*t emphatically repudiate and remonstrate agtiast way, N. J,, yesterday, which was contioued iu thethe consummation of the recent aots for such purpose passed by evenicg. There was an immense crowd in the-Wig Governor of the State of Indiana, beingIn the city on t h e S e n a t e a n d A s s e m b l y , f o r t h e r e a s o n t h a t t n e g r a n t i n g o f bueinef e was invited to addrets the mewing. He com- such valuable fr«nchi«e«rto a band of monopolists (who are al- warn. Addr«s«es were made by Chas E. Whitehead plied with tbe request^and rtade one of tbe most argu-tuiber in its midst as it is in the present one. 'CALIFORNIA. ;The news from California has considerably dis-ready in the etjojment of vast special p-iviltges in our city), and and Senator Wade. TTie.Wide-Awakes were in from mentative and convincing ppeecb^e of the campaiga,couraged the friends of Senator Gwin. g i v e n p h i s e l e c t i o n .REPUBLICANISM IN VIRGINIA.They now -The performance last night at the Academy of Music w a s t h o r o u g h l y G e r m a n , b e i n g " D e r P r e i e c h i i t a . "D O U G L A SM E N ! H E & K? rA Republican Club numbexiog 100 voters has been formed at Portsmouth, Va.THE W ASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.The chorus singiog was be'.terthaa usual,.showing The ToUdo (Ohio) Herald and. Tinies is vOn<6 of Wherean, Our citizens have used every proper endeavor to pro- Mount presided. Speeches were made by Mr. H. Q. cure the jiB8»sge of judicious sanitary laws for the protection of Keaabey of Newark, Speaker Pennington, and Mr.evidence of the rehearsals which have been much theTOOftdeterroiued Douglas papers in the great the lives and propeity of the people of ihis city, and such reason-needed. The orchestrawasalmostasgoad asitneed North-West, where they do not merely Udk ableJimenOmentstoourcitychartera»tinbestfinancialiatttrouts Albrightof Pennsylvania.. The various questions atofourcit* (.eeined to demand and snob proper modllijotlons of issue were thoroughly discussed, and ^he.reelection of be. Madame Fahbri* sang the well-known music of Douglapipni, but actually helievc in it. The lead- our Alma-House Department as would prevent frauds and a scan-duct,Capt.Alexanderistalkedofashissuccessor. M o v e m e n t s o f F , P . B l a i r ..*ra»k F . BUwr returned here vesterday from an eleciaoneermg tour through FeLvsyivania m>d Hluiois. He addressed a large crowd in Souiard Market last evenicg. He referred to the late presence of Mr.Douglas here, and his (Douglas's) .reply to questions of7he B-uHclin relative to the alleged c >mplicity of himner. The incantation »cene was as ladicrous as usual. Would It not be better for the- Democratic pirty to be d«f«atcd" tbe"sale of the franchises at auction, under the direction of the procession.SalllB^r of Ihe Steamship Arabia.BOSTON, Wedaeeddy, Oct- 31,1800.j The steamship Arabia sailed at 11 o'clock with 74 .passengersforLiverpool,and18for Halifax, but noTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.specie. •..."•.•Jii.•>. •'•'''. - ^ - — ;;•At Daaiiville.At IreRoy.,........ At Liverpool.'.Friday, Nov. X .Saturday,Nov.3. •Monday, Nov. 5.fClinton, throngh Clinton to Folton street to Fulton ferry, when the procession wil) be dismiteed. ;PhiladelphiaBoafd ofTrade. CXNCIKN'ATT, Wedr»eed*yv Oct. 31,1860.The Philadelphia Board of Trade arrived at Lexina;- t"a this mornirg. and wer» condnced to Ashland byi-Trolling-.Match., ; i COKNitsc... Wednesday, Oct. 31y 1860.will hold a mass meeting at Mamaroneck Village oaPkra Temple and Geo. M Patchen trotted here to- d W Flora won in three straight heats. Time: 2:335,they are Democrats. CATO.Co? grefiB from that District, Judge Beebe, Henry S.Smith, and others, will address the meeting. Tbe Rye .and Port Chester Wide-Awakes will be present, and'i•HORN will speukAtSouthV.'iiuonAtBansomville........At W i l s o n . . . . . . . . . . ,At Coorner/.A t W e ' t S o m e r s e t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M o n d a y e v e . , N o v . 5w .GEO. F . CARMAN of I^atchogue will spoakday Evening. April 11.1860, at which meeting there waa a large attendance of the members, the following Preamble and Resola- tion«wereunaidmonilyatfppted: :„ :Failure of Banking Houses. BALTISIOKE. Wednseday, Oct. 31,1860.-.j'..;....Fridayaft.,Nov.2. ....Friday eve., Nov. 2.form a torchlight procession.Whertat, T i e Repnblican patty of our city; in oommon with : —There was a glorious Republican meeting; at Rah; elected.Mes-rs JTopiah Lee & Co closed their banking houseSaturday aft., Nov J3. ..Saturdayeve., Nov. 3./MUSIC.•Thursday, N o v . l . Friday,Nov.2.the neighboring towns in force.REVUBT/ICAX MKETIKG IN HOBOKEN.—The Republi- cans of Hoboken held a large and spirited meeting last n i g h t , a t t h e i r h e a d q u a r t e r s i n H u c U o U s t r e e t . M a j *rthe second actvery creditably, though her performancedalous waste of OUTpublic moneys, all of which good and much- Mr. Pennington was strongly advocated by Messrs. ing article in its issue of Tuesday last (October desirrdrr-easureshixve been^strajigled, passed by. andntterijig- Kea8bey and Albright. During the progress of theIf the War Department concludes to relieveCapt. Benham from his preeei/t duty on the Aque- The long spoken scene in the first act, bet ween Formes 29), is SBfollows: '•••;'nored, tbat these Iniquitous.railroad schemes might be pjtssed to a commirjation.; . .We, thereforo, as. citizens Bnd in our capacity of representative BepubiicanB,earnestlycailuponhisKxcellency,Gov.Morgan,to. •. " •was not so successful as some others she has given. andStJgelli,gavethemanopportunityofshiningina .WHAT/WILL BEGAINEDBY.IT?. .meeting, tbe Hudson County Wide-Awake Battalion, wboturnedoutnearly400strong,hadatorchlight procession,marchingthroughalltheprincipalstreets.AtLeKoy.. . At.B.ufinlo..At Oneida Depot..!....;..Fridayev«.,Nov.2. . v . J Siturday,Nov. 3.J.......Monday, Nov. 5.each of any^ newly chartered 'bank, were aou3tom«td to look about for poor kind neighbors, to. alb»w their names, SB dommies, for baviDg stock allotted t < \them. »o be sold in advance of the paying in for the Commis- sioners' bes>*fit£ It is understood inMr. McQuadeVnoble lervice.in Gov. P'mdogten'S District?, will be on band and it is expected that there win be ^ o u t 2^500r torches* ia Hne^ ;.,-, * ••%j$ 'FRANK CUNNINGHAM will specie.*A t T r o y . . . i . ...;.....!.......Thnraday eve-. N o v . l . At Dover Plains................Friday c<vo., Nov. 2. AtSaugertiee............I......Saturdayeve., Nor.5.Hon. ANSEL BASCOM will spfinkAt Hbvaoa... • • * • • • • .......Friday, Nov. 2. GEORGE SAUL will speak in GermauTierouteoftieproccseicnwillbeanfollows: From cicbr that $1,500 has been offrxed, but thxt $4 500" is Fturtb street, E. D., throng* Grand to Seventh street,STEW ART L. WOODFORD will *<peak,AtNiftknyttria....... .......Friday,Nov.2, AtGUnville.... Shturdoy, Nov, 3.Qeii.. JAMES W . NYE will speak .• AtNrwhorgh...........J.......Friday, Nov. 2.A t S a u j e i t i e a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ' Saturday, Nov."3.Hon. J. E. VINTON of Wieconsin w'll speakcredulity as an anti-railroad nominee!Vhea, Oct, 30,186^. . ' . - '• mCourt street, through Court and Pacific to Sknr*.h street, ,. throughSmithtoDouglissandCourltcrSacked,to>At Marietta..^ .•> At Borodino....'..:.Friday, Nov. 2. S&torday, Nov. 3.to U tbat no man recdvea our auffVapeafor Assembly good service in Pennsylvania as a Republican of fesm- that ia not pledged to suBtain tbe doctrines of his Rail- ocratic antecedents. Let the Republicans of Southread vetoep, and to vote for their repaal. Johnson of Brooklyn give bim a rousing weclcome.ihe Sist. Fonda of the 18thiare sopledged. How with '•—The Republicans of jMaraaroneck ahi Rye NeckAt a regn?ar meeting of the Republican Central Committee o | The Hon. ARTHUR HOLMES and the Hon. BUKT VAN the City of New-York held at No 618 Broadway, on Wednoi-jhasbecomeappar- matter.Irisen'dnothaveeaidwbatIhave,etceptmakestheGermanhewtquake,wenc?dnotcomplainzation,efficioritandeffectiveforfuturecontests.Fre»dfrom theprotectionofevenAmericanintereststhanourfVrtheirmutualgood,butnottodi«cu»spolitics.Mr-*."/ fcout,thefewer thathJs(Douglas's)Presideori»lmonomaoiaseemedas traitorsinourranks,withaloyalbodyef'amillionandahalfofbe;anditisforthis,chiefly,thatweprizeyourmetroown.Tbearreptofthe.-'filibusterWalkerwasbya••C.saiditwasiropossibletoexplaintheobjectsthai-lIvauia, Ohio, and ffectualiy, though, ill endeavor, b y and fraud, to per-le votersof the exhausted} how-1 but a few £veeks 1se," now refuse to I rary, the drjpreci-1 ais'ts are bitngiog S the trueabis and Ithey" now* with J determination to I es. In this emer-1 ce more for aid to [-»ieie]y has Fusion cfi Mr. Sshell gave his subordinatest they wouldn't]heUnion. *That em."the seven townshipsbows the followingst next Tuesday:encouraged aim for tne only g >od act he Had done.'. •F i T i a n e l a l A f f a i r s o f O e o r p i a . MiLT.T:T)Oi:vir.r.>:, GA., Tuesday, Oct. 30."1860.Opera. On Friday evening r,he season will close with party will place its noble chieftain in charge of the Government, "local" papers, from local causes, hesitate, and for Magdalena (stopped by the Revolutionary forces, in. present political crisis; whereupon he was told to eifc>£, "Martha," for the benefit of Formes. . aft'-r the people have had four years of strife and discontent. bear. Rogues and their backers will, of course, com defiance of law and treaty), the commerce of which is down, and finally was obliged t o do so. Mr. A- •U«J».... ......104 oon . . . . . . 84 - norc 555" l O U . . . . ......220. UOQ.-.» ...»••A\&•d show 600 betterof Xew>Jersey | George T. Cobb, the. s in that District, isThose of them who as of Fusion, willrotallthecitizens Protection of Amerive their suppo—who has been State—closed at night at Fater-the week to the Covode has every audiences, an4He has dona forgotten.North BrookfieloV one has move! within three mil«*and write, ani ors, will plea** not be pernx**to take care oflection,Oct. 31, I860. Daly, Republican,X>OH£rl2i*.'. Oo? 31,M«0-Vy, and was re- jtatn. Aealu**OOUvr. .Nnmbezof Free Necroe*.......... Nuwb«r Acres of Land.Number Slave*1,21^ 1,2^5 •Middle Stales, v?il/t,\a majority offrom onetotwo Jromoureelv.es,can.cur misfortunesarise—;and if Mr. meats,thoughamatterofeeveralthousanddollarslossif itgavehimalicensetovillifyandslanderthosewho ofit;thatnationalityisin.themajorityjestnowatthe voterH,truetotheprincipleofHelf•f^ovnrnment•., theDeinor-.ratio politan journals, that they dare speak out; while British ship-of-war; the late opening of ton River had brought them'together withcut"alludingfc>the,..yIn the MUledgevjlle papers of this moruiog appearsaportionoftbeableatdiateieetint?reportof PetersonThweatt, the Controll-r of the Stale. Hia report is for Opus 1, Xo. -i, by Beethoven. Quartet, by Schubert; the year ending Oct- 20, 1*60:Tb«« c«h balancein the TT«n»nrjJ»....Deduct utdrawn appropriation*A; DOUGLAS ORGAN ON • THE PRESENT ASPECT OF THE CANV ASS—DOUGLAS MEN URGED T OLeaving an«troxplna of., . OOOO ASSETS OK THE STATK.$od,0J2 60the streets had its. natural effect ucon the size of theaudience; but those who were present, and they were!honorable firm of Spriggs &r Miller (and I believe hebas been once or twice before, with others), to defendstate of great excitement, and affrighted women and children were fleeing for refoge to the foreign Con-,The Controller state's tbat the good assets j>f the State amount to $807,025. In those nsset* he doea not include the Western & Atlantic Raiload, which be-longs to the State, and which paid int >ttie Treasury as "net earnings in 1859, §420.000, and in, 1860^ |450,00o.The receipts into the Treaeury for tn* paat year, irom taxes, net earning* of State road, bank dividend?, and all sources, amount to $1,453 930 78. . The expen- ditures for all purposes were $1,179^110 24, leaving amany, gavft to the players the attention wabh is ev^r fri*ncls, filled with auxious 1nf|uirie8 .concerning themore flattering than numbers. The gem of the concert present state of tbe Presidential-question, aud d^siriog was the exqnisite Schubert quartette, and here we nn expres-si-jn of our views as to the probable iafluenco of the election of the Ninth upon the pro.spscts of must sav what has often been said before, a word of candidates, and -with reference to the various.platforms prais<: of the superior violin playing of Mr. Thomas. of'principles really at i^sne bftfore tbe people, andWith a style of uicommon elegance, he unites a force whivhareto be practically decided at the polls. W ethe New-York Central Railroad,against what the pub- salates. Beside a permanent guard at s6m<* Of the lic believe was an outrageous attempt to swindle the Consulates in Panama, of about twenty British marines,Company out of damages for pretended, injuries. H e •the boats of the British frigate Clio were manned, and,•The State of Georgia Uil848 retervod to itvilr" th 5 right to xedeeta certain bond* after ten year*. These amounting t**218.000are wKhin that reaervadon.Tbere are twtnty- five banVn iu operationin Georgia, with an •Mitlxoiized capital o f $17 0t0,0<0, bat they oi:ly employ $9.028,C78 The tax in this State on Bank Stock i* 391-16 cenU en tb# $100, or six times more tlran other capital.There axe eighteen aneucle* of South Carolina Banks in <feorgie, wed they-pay taxes only to th« amount of * 1,830 74.iTne ContxoUer* rt>po<t coatains a list of the names of the agents, and names of Insurance Companies in-Europe and A ner- lea. which pay taxes In this State. The total tax paid by th«mla al<578 68.The jeport alro gives a synopsis of the several Bank charters;when the Bank* w*ire chartered; the thoe the charter* expire: Ihe capital stock: the amonnt at business authorized to be done la propor'.icn to the capital »tock paid in; the personal liability dauie, &c Also, a Hst of the Banks wbieh withdrew from JoushieW with credit; Banks chartered that have never eone ioto cperatW»: Banks tbat went in'o operation, bat failed, or thatjyspesded specie payments and business altojether.A rfgetber, the report of the Controller-General of Gaorgia is a"becanee they cannot look for a Northern response in a If the Tournament has given a very interesting ex- eolit&ry electoral vote. The South cannoi unite onought, Xtnrxk, to receive your attention. The anpjo-j; panies is going on, the traveling publio will be the suf- priation by Congress for the survey of- the expeditionvaluable and interesting document to financial circle*.Ten-!*tt*e Trot.-vCiKCXHjcATZ; Wednesday, Oct 31,1860. A ien-xnile trot takesplacehereonSaturdaynext, between Gipeer Queen of Chicago, Capt. MesGowan.eonnt by Berger, his delicate calculation on his own niceknowledgeoftheforcesoftheballsandcushions, and his masterly exactness in managing the distancesby an issue which.cannot be avoided or delayed. his ability, his integrity* and patriotism, becauBB we: TheNorthernDemocracyarenotresponsibleforthe wouldredeemthe'goodname, andguard the interests,sectional character which the canvass has assumed. I t and honor of the District and the State; and wouldhas been precipitated by the ultraiits oi the boutU. save the Republican paTty from a deeper, more bloatabroad niust experience at such occurrences.$27t,f|2^ 54 241,"27 94mann, Opus 44. The almost'impassible condition ofDICTED BY A MILLION MAJORITY. Head, Douglas Men, Read! v . [From the St. Paul Pioneer and Democrat.]We fire iu daily receipt of lettars from political45,50060,000 ....100,000 23,<XW 16;500102,5<)O 150,2.'o 622,000 100,090, .171000 73;000 177,00") ,'CO.0OO 200,100 150,000.82,670,750that THE WHOLE NJiRTH :\VII,T, GO FOR." LlKCOLN— rendering the vote.of the Free States, for the first time in our history, purely sectional in its Character.In the second placed We think the infloence of tlie elections of thcNinth will be to sectionalize the voteUnited States mails, near one hundred millions of American bullion, and fifty thousand American citi- zens, and many millions of dollars worth.of American ' merchandise', annually pass over the roate, it surelyAny other course wonld bo dishonorable to ourselves and trea> Mason and Thomas gave their first classical concer aoriable to our candidate and our principles.almost entirely carried on in American steamers, is dne Eblsbacber next took the stand; but the moment hie plain; but bonest .men, with whom patriotism is a to the intervention of a British ship-of-war. There political proclivities became apparent, he ,w^is forcedof chamber mueic on Taesday evening, at D J4worth'shigher law, will " thank God, and take courage." With refepeet, however, to Mr. KKRNAN, who hat becomethePete'snominee against corruption, youare constantly British vessels of war at the termini of tbe Panama Railroad.into Ijis peat amid tbe wildest confusion. .Mr* Weiderminer then asked to be a'lowed to spe'»k.Hjs appearance was bailed with great satisfaction, and. wi'hout waiting for p'rmieeion, he proceeded to speak,in favor of the Republican party. He concluded by* !* « stating that io 1850, t-> frighten the Germans out of vot- ing the Republican ticket, tbey were then to"d that if they voted for Fremont the Union would be dissolved, . and they wouldn't get any more work from the South. V?', He, for one, bad at that time been reared into voting:§5E the Democratic ticket, but he didn't believe he waa 9g any better off; and tbis time, if he lived until the 6thcJ& of November he would vote for Lincoln, so help him &- God, and take the consequences. The mort vociferooe applause followed his. remarks; after which the Presi-> .,*' dent staged that the object f<r which the roeetiog had - been called bad been defeated; that he and his asso- ciates repudiated the whole action, and he declared the .. mee:tii a adjourned.Hall. The programme was this; Trio ia C irinor,Youareawareoftherecenttemporaryandjointin- VOTE FOR LINCOLN—HIS ELECTION PRE- have been E?mply miEiuformed, and will gladly b3 cor- tervention and occupation by British arid United StatesEtude, Onus 25,' No. 11, by Chopin. Quintet by'Schu-rected. He is no "railroad man," in tbe senee to be forces, to save Panama from sack and pillage by a iuferred from yesterday morning's TRinuNfi. Last band of negro desperadoes. I was there on'the 11th week be was associated as counselwilh the highly instant,whenthetownwas again menaced', and ihaeeveroiy classic, if the expression ctu be allowed, giv-do not hesittite to respond to these.inquiries, and the lets so because it is a part of our duty to treat pf such matters, candidly and frankly, even in the absencd ofhappened to be> employed for, aa he might have beenby honeet citizeiw against, the corporation. / " T t every head and front of bis offending hath this extent;.no more." He never, in his life, had a-free ticket,even -when, as Reporter of the Court of Appeals, hewas passing twice, or more, every week, betweenUtjca and Albany; and not even now, while passingmounted with cannon, moored close to the town, ready to land at a moment's warning.The only United States veseel-of-war at either ter- minus was the sloop St. Marys, Capt. Portor, and she was under peremptory orders to sail immediately for Golfe Dulce, and where a coneiderable number of her crew were dttached, lormiug a party, under Lieut. Jeffer8's orders, for the hydrographical survey for theing us purity of tone and strength of utterance harmo-balance of $274 820 54.A table ihetcin? the total value of the vario7i* items of taxation in niously blended. Yery few star'violinists have-.ex- friencly solicitatiohAalocost daily between Utica and Rome, pending thisfour-days'' trial of the suit againet the Company, and projected Chiriqui Railroad speculation. ConsequentlyAt this time a large company of tbe rrembsrs of Union League Nos 1 and 2 arrived at the place of mee>tin«r, and upon being informed of the turn affaire bad taken, expressed great indignation, and at once proceeded TOclear the room of the "d—d Dutchmen;"."* in doing which tbey encountered a slight opposition* and a number of beads and several panes of glass wer*Georgia in !'•>&> and 18t0.- Pxcpvity •o>j«ctto taxation.Laud 'Shx*»Value in 1853. Valne In 1SC0 «14<) 347,880 * IC1.764.9.'»Scelled 1im in real artistic feeling and execation. These Ih the first place, then, we think the result'of the •Lections in P^nT;8ylvania, Ohio, and Indian* demon-for t'oe reason that he vaiuos his personal freedom too the gallant Capt. Porter could not exercise any discre- highly t o place himself under obligation t o any. tion, and the entire protection of the transit was left toCHyandTOWTJPropertyMoney and 8oKentD«bt«Alt-rcliai diA<-..........ShippinK »id ToDnsgeStock*. M»nnf cturiH.iiC Hoa»ebol<i and Kitchen Furnltnre.. Other property not mentioned..TetalNornWr of Polls... KoiuberProieMionaweeks.RESULT AND SUGGESTION OF THEthose States will go for Lincoln- in November, and by vastly increased majorities. The diefcustingly cor- rupt scheme of fusion which was entered iotc>, partial- ly in Ohio and Indiana, and completely ^.Pennsylva- nia, has been repudiated by the people of those States, emphatically and .justly. I t cannot be aesamed that the people of other States inwhieli the canvass has been makeup according to the fuaicn prograuime, will aet with any less honeeiy and infelhgecce, when theIf he' ch&nces t o be retained, a s counsel, f o r a coipoiaftpn, as for iudividnultf, he serves tbem faith- fullr, and sends in his bil It is paid, of course; and that ends'the transaction. Hoisqmte aa often employed-the British forces.To save the honor of our country from the humilia-tion of her citizens being obliged to rely (to prevent a repetition of the Panama massacres of April 15,1856) upon the generosity or charity of the captain of a Brit- ish frigaie for tbe..protection of their lives and property, and for the protection of the mails of the United States, the Panama Railroad Company offered, if Capt Porter would remain at Panama, to send, at its own expense,- 271.«3>.6C4 321»,314 96.124 70113,5<*1,6<<7 631,731 4,428 132 2,260,927 39,315.0898>609,5;J9,97598.945 2,i»8302,604.855 35.139415 107,326.258 15,5:7,1S)3 9-13,940 4,03t,2,i2 2.3T4 284 42,427,295$672,29241799,749 2 ,'W 9concerts will take place at intervals of three or four strate, bfyond all reasonable ground for doubt, thatBILLIARDTOURNAMENT.ag&instr the Central adfor it. A word, now, for ourselves.broken. Upon.obtaining the room, they org<uiized a meeting by aopointiog Mri, Jorrn S. White Chairman, . and Mr. Ra"ph Kenyon was called upon to address the meeting. The Germans iu the me'au tine adjou-oed to> Turner Hall to continue their deliberations and discuae , lager. A strong force of police from'the Fifth and. \ Sixth Precino^s was pre«ent at the place of meeting and their' presence doubtless prevented serious diffi- culty. .Two German lawyers, who practice at the Tomb* and o^her Police Courts, were sent over by the Fiw'onietB to.scare the Germans; but seeing that the tables were clearly turned against them, they wisely held their peace. -Railroad Company, restraining the City Railroad Com-, pany from runnirg cars on Furman street, was served yesterday, and there is now, coosequdn'ly, no communi- cation by railroad between Fulton and South ferries. Tbe order U returnable at Albany on the third Monday in November. The Central Railroad Company have repeatedly proposed to the City Company to refer t h e whole matter in dispute to three disinterested parties, but thtBe propositions having been declined,, the only couree f«f* was to appeal to the Courts, where all mat- ters in connection with the subject will doubtless bo properly disposed of. iIn the mean time, while this fight between the com-The Billiard Tournament among the great players of the country, the progress of which we have notedThe Republican party, convbiuicjz, as I.believe. iu an emiuent degree, the in:el- bgence and patriotism of the natton, can never be effec-nun......tH) JMniuberD*stl»ta.... • (J- ^daily,endedyesterdayinthetriumphoveralltheresttimecomesforth<mtpvote.-Wethink,^therefore,tuallydamaged,,exceptbydemoralizationwithinitselfoneofitss'.eamerswiththesurveyingexpedition,anduon..„.....••Oft NumberDa»a*rreeaArtl»t» 57 66ofDudleyKavanagh.Towitnessthereaultofso!thatNew-YorkwillfMlowinthewakeofhersinter—by"theinai3oretionorvenalityQfitsmembers.Onlybriogthembackaftercompletingthesurvey?.Bythis33,345,2CU much labor, patience, and other virtues, a perfect hundred thousand against thefusion outrage; and we McQuade, the so-called Republican nominee for the to the railroad company, Capi. Porter was enabled to33,459.223 443,55643858 was $70,534,762, and this year the increase is rose above the highest range of the small amphitheater, cate tliqir reputation for moral honesty and political vbe country, and would save, from injury or hazsrd,$62,702,472. making an increase over the pa3t two j even to the top of step-ladaers where intrepid specta- decency by such a vote,. And, inasmuch as the poison- on his a count, the party with which ho affects to asuc- American citizens. Surely, Americans in America yearsof$133237,234. t.rsperchedtogazedownintothearena.ThedayousinfluenceoftbisFusionypash^cbeenextendedeiaCe,heowedittohispartyandthecountry,tostandoughtnottobeforcedtoflytotheBritibhflagforpro-450,0-'J3 crowd met at the Union Square ltoome, and the interest think, further, that ne'epeople oft.h-at Stale will vindi-In 1859 the iocreteed value of taxable property over •Assembly, is innocent, as he pretends', and if he IOVASremain.This state of things is exceedingly mortifying- toOXOKOXA yVHWC » B B T — I J T BOJTDS. Du* Jn 1881, 7 p«r c«ot Central BiuSc 8oa«3s l>a«inl'62 i p«r c n t Ontr»l Bank bond*Dae ta 1*63, "p«r cent Central Ban* bond*Due in l'f 4,1 p*r c<nt C«n'.ral Bank bondc Doe In 1862. 7 per cent Central Bank bonds Due In 1863, 6.per cent—now redeemable*.Due 5n 1865, 6 per cent—now redeenable....-Do»in 1870,6 per cent—now redeemable..... Dne in 1871, 6 per cent—now redeemableDoe in 1872, 6 percent—now redeemeible Duein1872,7percent—red»ea»Wein1862..Due in 1873, 6 per cent—redeemable in 1862 Due in 1874, 6 per cent—redeemable in 1K62 Due in 187-i, 7 p*r cent— r«d««:niible in 1862 Doe in 1?78, 6 per cent—redt-«-iuable in 1862 Due in 1879,6 per cent—redeemable in 1862Due in 1820, Cpex cent—redeemable in 13S2......Total public debt in bosd*.beyoud the S'ates in winch it was planted, demoraliz- •aside, till ihe cloud hadpaBeed from his reputation— tection ! . . -$10,000 •was entirely given to the decisive match between ing tbe Democracy,'destroyingtheir hopes and paralyss- ^ 32,.VK) Tinman of Cincinnati and Kavanagh. They played irg^heir efforts, we CANNOT HELIKVK otherwise thanTHE RAILROAD WAR.—The injunction iwued by * tion, even if itibad been spontaneously offered hiui.I f mawd—wheh it is,considered that six hundred tuns of Judge Gould of Albany, at the inetance of the Central1 000 points to close attention and hearty appkuee. The euccess of Kavanagh was hailed with shouts, and he was soon surrounded by his friends and handled cnrejeingly. The score was as follows:he is guilty, as, unfortunately, ie the too deep, andtoo general impression—a question I will not attemptto decide—it is due, alike, to- him, and to- a wrongedconstituency, that tbe interests lie has neglected and thetrust he has betrayed, should be devolved to worthier ought not to be regarded as a matter of secondary im- bands. In either caee, Republicans ewe itto.them- portance.Tinman— X>. :>, 7, S, 5, 3, 29. 53 43 f>, 10, Gl, 156, 1), of the South. The South must view the results in 10, :'» 73, 24,11, 1!), 13, 15. 16, 59, 8, 20. Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, as defermiaingthe29. . . .To-day Phelan will play with the winner, and it isexpected ladies will grace the festive table. The gold- sectional passions, which, already excited, will be in-sel-ves—to their, position snd character, as well as to I feel no disposition to animadvert upon the Chiriqui their interests and influence—that the responsible post speculation, or the views of those interested iu it, but ofLegislatorfortheDistrictandtheState,shouldnot Tde*mitentirelypropertocallyourattentiontotheKavonakKr-Go, 20.9.. 10, 2, 9, 2. 15, 13, 51, 2, 8, 6, election of Lincoln. Tbe natural impulse of the South- 4.18,10,95,J42,4,26,8,41,51,118,144,22,25,56, ernmindwillbetomeetNorthernradicalisniwiththetipoed cue will be formally presented at Phelan's saloon tomorrow at 3o'clock.the buftiners partner, and famiUar associate of tbe la-mented Joshua A. Spencer,-and sharing .his spirit,FRANCIS KKUNAN, by bis eminent talents, his steruintegrity and social amenitiee, and with a patrioti&meuperi'jr to all consi derations of .serf, or party, wouldrepresent the interests of the entire District,•and do was limited, I lpam, to $10,000. but it is probable tbat ferers. The order of injunction above referred to re-hibition of the peculiar style of each of the group of p'ayers who are accounted strong in this county—we believe that no one of them is indigenous, and there- fore the occasion is not favorable to the exultant bird of freedom—and also a view of the progress which the game has made, it has however only enforced the supe-Bell, because m u r i n g on no distinctive platform, sup- port of him would mean nothing and determine nothing. We may, therefore, look to see every Slave Stale gofor Breckinridge. ' -.. _ .If theee premises are correct, Douglas, and the prin- ciples vMcli he rcpreseiits arc, practically peaking, no LONGER AT ISSUE IN Tll^S CAMPAIGN. Tile CttUVaSS ia rednced, by indications which arc prophetic, bo.h inthe auxiliary aid of tbe Navy Department afforded in> st' ains the City Company from running their cars, not the employment of public ships, officers and mea, and only on the Farman-street track, but from extendingthe use and consumption of public property, is nearera quarter of a million. Certainly the Prestdent cannot that track • further—from Atlantic street, through, be aware of this perversion of the naval forces, public Columbia street, to Hamilton avenue. It also restrainssent to the use of his name till compelled, by t&o p/es- treasure and property devoted to the naval[service,, tbem from running their cars over tbe Classon avenueradicalism of i's own ejection. There is not time enough left to organise a new conservative movement in the South of suflicient strength to combat and conquer theagain be intrusted to one who can no longer {command the public coniidence, so indispehsible to a fall, effec- tive discharge of its duties.fact that, the absence of the United "States ship Brook- lyn for months'from Aepmwall, and the witdrawal of tne St. Marys from Panama (only prevented by thefijmtd to madness by the elections of the Ninth. ,• Tnefriendt of Douglas writ not work there with any heart,both to be engaged exclusively under orders of the Secretary of the Navy in aid- of the speculative'and speculating Cniriqui project (a notorious humbug),•eerve private and personal speculating pur- [t has been, in this instance, to the detriment " itereets and the neglect of the proper legitt- jof that branch of our Governmental force, Krative bv treaty stipulations, demauded by of national honor, and required by that of protection to those who o>we and intry patriotic allegiance. Of the in- jhe moiiveB which have inducad. the feouree I have brought to your atten- ing to say. Whatever they may have 'merely errors Of judgment, they are no game—with the faithful execution of a shot for each in.slinels of their section, when these are appealed to for his election, but because we have full confidence in relief to the mortification American citizens at home orriority of the French School, as at present expounded their tenor and force, to a contest between Lincoln and. . sure of his neighbors ar>d friends, irrespective of partytroute, from its juncture with Kent avenue to Myrtle avenue, and likewise requires that a receiver be ap- pointed to take charge of the affairs of the Company, they having, as charged, violated their charter by neglecting to lay the Furman and Columbia-street tracks, and on the ground that the laying o f the Classon- avenue track w as unauthorized. The action of the Central Company, in thus closing up important lines of trayel, is very severely commented npon b y the Brooklyn people. 'FIRK IK EIOHTH STREXT.—A fireof unknown origin occurred last night in the tenement house N/o. 114 Eighth street, mar avenue A, causing damage to the amount of about $100. The furniture of the occupant* was slightly injured by water. \ :r-Barey,the great horsetamer, If soon to arrive ia this country, having gained both fame and fortune ia Europe. Wa presume he will exhibit the application. of W S ^ m ^ N ^ * ^ ^here by M. Berger; a Free Code on the one hand, and Breckinridge and a The difference is too great and startling to be worth Slave Code on the. other. This is a result w.hidi allhis whole life and bearing commend him to our respect, our confidence and support, as one whose election will index a return to " the good old ways," when patriot- ism had not been supplanted by party,'sand when the noblest men of the nation, instead of pot-house poli-;who eherioh the peace and harmony of the Union must tulking about. Whoever lias watched with any care deplore; but, deplorable or not, it is a plain.fact,:which the games of Kavanagh, Tieman, Lynch, and White, cannot be gaios^yed or obliterated, and which should,and contracted, their easy method of "running" on therefore, be looked at and acted upon as such, frankly ticians, were found serving their country in the Legis*.of l^uisvilllv andXady Gay of Cmcmnati, for a purse of only two balls (what might he not do with three ?), Taking its birth in.tjha jealousies of Southern pouti- ing injury, at the hands of selfish faithless, scheming of $2 000. The two former horses trotted a ten-mile must perceive that our champions may go and sit at the cians agairst the manliest statesman < ci ..our times, adherents,'."'" 1MBrace at Louisville last week, making a dead beaL Tim the movement has grown upfroui its ignoble begin- i i the only ease of the kind known m the United States. feet of the Frenchman. Billiards, as he conceives it, nings in personal hateitoitB present proportions. ol war-Will you please, to insert, in your Journal this tooFRO;M HAVANA.—-The steamer Karnak from Ha- vana, Oct. 25; and Nassau the 27thj arrived last night. The brig Arctic, with Oranges for New-York, was> e made for a week., ;Havtma on tlie 23d ult; might be achieved through, the aginey o f Douglas,TM .^Utichl Oct. 30,1CC0. :,: ' • . "'• ]'.. : ; ini; ; "-i> .:- . .lav*''I ->vmi jf%.,' *.u'itifiiffe «wI .: • • . . ; , . • • • •UzCt&L.\•';.;••Yet for amusement, the billiards we have seen ia peace mor national prosperity. :We itad hoped tins this Totrrnainent would certainly answer well,Lincoln and Hamlin, truth and the right, 3?IJBLIUS»:: • , '.Vi&V o^ -• i •"- ->*'••;.-• -^r v M$#b$$ft•"•:';•'.t-:.-' ••..'.' //;\':..^r'.*;w•;<:.•:•>-i:-K.-to • :• - r. :••>'• ' •':.t,:•?;:/\> J?Mand manfully. And.being a fact, tte voice of the latures of the States.the combined balls, by pushing boldly for it with alltie length of the cue—a worse than weak conven-tionalism, yet absolutely making or marring this carom ity will show thefidelity of the Northern masses to the friendship for Mr. Kernan, that we ask and shall laborNorth in the expression-of its sentiments at the polls,will neither be feeble nor uncertain. A nvdhQii major- jdone—for the Democrats, as a 'party; or yet, fromlong article, which, in justice, I could not make less, fare upon civilization'and of treason against the state. anoTgreatly oblige, with the undersigned, hundredsis an art, sacred from the suspicion of artifice. It isVirginia and Tennessee Railroad. illuminated with thorough truth, and therefore ia very Thev who have thus sown the wind must reap the who, like him. are anxiousandearnest for an increased lost near Nassau oh the 18th/of October. :^ ^ L W W W Va., Wednesday, Oct.31,1&60 Travel on the Virginia and Teimewee Eailroad has heirinSrruptedbT^a freshet. Qon&tctwn* 'wffi notbrilliant. > ' whirlwind. The uUraitte of the South myst be extir- moral power, by increased, overwhelming majorities pated. Until this is done there canJc neMcX, national for ICernah and Conkling, for Morgan and C^MP06^,A Spanish war steamer had ojtptured a 8olj.oom9>1filled with African8,and towed her into the perfcoi,Untitled Document'.•awa ^^^^.y*^^,^"^^.W'^iWWKWT'V??yTHE GEIDliKON PROf ESTE1>.Mr. D. C. Littlejohn and the two or three otherdreesfbc RepubUcibsof Que*r*i Coounty, «t Jam^cs, thisevei^g._.^^,wid*-kvr&km «Jf;theounkywitt ra31ytogivehima,e«clialwelc<>?ie. ,.'General Committee, as will be seen below:.ments allotted in thi» accnrjed railroad ewibdle to the• nsme of honest John Myers, or bis aesigus I For Fonrth street to Bedford svanue. Thence to Myrtle Jswrh fcts beiiig »>rged upon oar Leiinlature b y an unscrupulous ' lobby, who have no Interests to subserve but their own seilish purposes,totheinjuryofthebeat interestsofourcity.andaUo for the reason that a probable consolidation of such new roads with those now iri existence would prevent raiher than makecom? petition, and thus fasten upon taxpayers, noteholders, and the la- b o r i r - g m a s s e s t h e r u d t t o d i o u s m o n o p o l y e v e r c o n t e m p l a t e d i n thehiBtory of modern legislation; and ,making a clear exposition of the Republican principtes, andshowingtbefallaciesoftheso-cared Demoeracy^ being frequently interrup^d bv appliuse^ ':Alettijr was read from the Hon. James Briges, *x- p l a m i n g h i s i n a b i l i t y t o b e p r e s e n t , a n d c o n t a i n i n g t h e r followingexcellentadvice: "Letusworkon. EveT- tbing encourflges UP, and from every <jq.art«<r. W o have'good news and glsd tidings, and grert joy to all people who believe that in this Uoiou the righta of white men a r e paramount t o the interests of slave breeders, and slave planters, and oeceaaioaists, and s^ve dough-faced fusiorists. Trll the freemen of Brooklyn to vote for James Humphrey, for every vote ft r him is a vote for free homes, for free m*n, for pro- tection and encouragement to American industry, for econcmyinallgovernmentalalfair<j,andforaahonest man, faithful and capable, w^oacknowledges obedience to Freedom and tbe Rights of Man, while ne suoporta in letter and spirit the Constitution of our common, country. • .Au address was also msde by Rufus F. Andrew^ CEq.. and more songs loudly called for, after which the % meeting adjourned.The meetings which were formed outsWe were ad- dressed by Messrs. Gale and Griswold, and the greatest enthusiasm was manifested throughout.tain, are wibing to unite w i h the'party just as. far as their action philanthropic citizen of this metropolis without distinction of SIR: You are aware, (as it was ratified under Presi- viting the tailors of Williamsburgh to aesembla in VAt Centre Moriches, D. ft AtSouth,Uaven,L.I...'.AtPatchojue, L. I..............Saturday, Nov. 3.InthepresentpoMtionofpartieB,whatwillbejoinedbythe fixbyhisvetothesealofcondemnatiot.nponeuohacta.p u r e l y •> d r a m a t i c l i g h t , a n o p p o r t u n i t y w h i c h b o t h i m • D e r n o c r a t i c p a r t y o r t h e c o u n t r y , b y t h r o w i n g t h e e l o o H o n o f A n d w e f u r t h e r s u g g e s t t o h i u E x c e l l e n c y t h a t h e r e c o m m e n dproved; Fcrmes's aciing was excellent, and hie caatiog PxeBid<'nt into the House 1 The result of devolving tlie election to th«- Legis.'iture the passage of these bilin, when so amended as The Pennington Guards of Newark, numbering about to eccure their cor.strrjction and control, so that proper protection"» , -r> TM - S T ' L O U I S » Monday, Oct. 31, 1860. of the bullets was done in a most workmanlike man- on the House, would bo the choice of Lane b y the Snunte. may be given to our citizens, and.attbe same time providing for 50 torches, were also present and took part ia thetb8r to perpetuate the present unscrupulous and corrupt dy- The German sense of the sublime, if, we may judge nasty? In our jrulgment de^at vould be far preferable. W e from the forms of its expression, is neither refined nor knowitwoi^d be a thousand times more honorahl« to bo de- euhtle. The fear-producing power of simple mystery feated, tban by combioation)with the mercenary crew who now the Germans do not recognise, at letst in their theat- have poRK-soion of the Government, to defeat the Republican candidate fcr tbe benefit ofl the political pirates who have dis-ConnoBer ofihis city..to snch parties, who will afford the greatestaccommodations for the lowest fare, and thus prevent the accu- —There was a very large Republican meeting at mulation of a fond by two cent contTtbiuions from the kboriogclascfo, male and female (now seriously oppressed) of our city, Flushing last night, and the torchlight procession was for any purpoce not cruteiapUted by any honest, just or truly re- one of tte most brilliant affairs of the campaign. publicun legislation: therefore.BisAvcd,.'Xho.t an Ktpubiicans, proud of our glorious princi-(Blair) with regard »o Mr. Green's seal in the Unitedinthecolumnsof ricalrepresentations.EveryelementofanawfulmemberedtheDfrisocratlcparty.Defeat—honorabledefeat—•ples,andjealousofourpartyfame,wepl«dg«ourselvestosus-PROTECTIONTOAMERICANINTER-daytoday,with joest Toters of the atnacnlate journalslid tool displeased beats, is that any r honest cenvic- us of the story of havirgbeen^sum- wiiemanor to be *er, refused to put areafc his wife ex- sy, "Toot„ toot, cirnia anger thtin. Under the Fuaion Committeeotaining very libera? *States Senate, & c , &?. Mr. Douglas said in bis late speechhejeihuttheBepubiicanbmakefalsecharges ag*in*l him and call upon the Breckinridge men to sweartoit,andthatthesemengoroundandretail what thev pretend was a private convocation, furutsh-tain all our Representative "*ho have opposed tiieso unprinci- ecenemustbepalpablydramatized. Thegobliointro- \villpurify"thepartyandmakeitaunited,compactorganization; pledccl«tn^B,andthatwewillbyallprpermeans,rebuke.thoseESTS AT PANAMA.THE FCSIONISTSCOKFOCNDKD BrrajeTAILORS.— | A meeting was held last night at Henry Barger's, m cornerofMcseeroleandLeonardstreets,Williams- burgb, pursuant to a call published iu the Staaitduced must be a substantial goblio, and he must welland above all . will relieve" i t from t h e bod men who have sustained measures so detrimental to the best interests who have brought defeat upon u s b y their ahame- of both our party and city., '.earnhismoney. saying,atthesametime,thatif1(Douglas)willre-folsilence,grimlypointingoverMBshoulder,wouldtht-irfaithJcBsnesar^ndereIthedefeatofoxircandidatecer-heneticialinit«object,axjdsoimperativelyd*?mand«dbyeveryHon.LewisCass,SecretaryofStale: ,.'Zcilung,andadvertisedextensivelybyaciixalaritt-,-tlesB coirnptionc The Icohspiratorfl who have brought Resolved. Tbntwehaveheardwithprofoundregretofthede- feat of the New-Y ork Health bill, in the A«semb)y of this State, ing it to toe Breckinridge and R-»pub!ican papers, and take to curdle the popular blood by standing in dread- anarchy and bitternoes into the * Democratic ranks, and ^ y and this body deeply d?piores the loss of a measure so purely[BREVOOKTHOUSE,'NEW-YOKK,) • Thursday, Oct. 25,18G0. Jlease them Jrom their obligations of honor, perhaps they will *p*ak out.Mr. Blair said that if Mr. Douglas intended to im- ply item tbe above language that u« (BLa»r) over boughtbe discbarged from the company at once.If he wisheswith it will promote their o vn agrandizement. They will vote the Democratic ticket if by doing so they can accomplish their purpose—the defeat of Doug'as and the success of the belters'party.Rcs'lvcd, That the Sanitary "Department of this city, as at pres- dent Buchanan's Administration: as Secretary of State) TO88R meeting, and devise means to avert the oalaxri- ;willful i«visebood, and he (Bloir) can piodace tDe most beside being prioted i n l*rge letters as the prin- conclusiveevidencetoproveituponhim "I."s*idthe American people there is a moral grandeur, which has chal-involved in the jailroad (the cbief means of communi-cation between the Atlantic and Pacific States), andthosewho cross upon it with our mails and; treasure, nominated Francis Beck as Chairman. Beck was ofo- superadd to such treaty engagements the generalduty of our Government to maintain their legitimateinterests. Hence, I do not perceive that the inclina-tion of our English cousins, to get new foo-holds allThelazyghostwhoshouldunder-salary and applause, he mutt go jerking about theftage, as neither men nor devils ever ought to walk;ent organized, is' utterly dibquttlifiVd to perform the important du tbat the treaty of New-Granada gave the right and im-ties intrusted to it, and is a useless «hd expensive branch of thetous results which will follow the success of the Black Republican party. Another circular was soon after distributed, warning the tailors that the proposed meet- ';* ing was a mere trick to frighten tbem into voting the j . Fusion ticket. These two circulars cal'ei out an im- &g menee crowd, and at an early hour th* room waa ?$ thronged with highly demonstrative Germans. Thev.-.. meeting was called to order'by a Mr. Neswich, w h e ^ ^aprivateinterviewwithhim.uponpolitic*1subjectshemustclatterhisjaws,grinlikean"unhandsometicket.ThegoodoftheD<inocratfcptrtj-andthehonorofthe publicservicethatoughttobeabolished,aridweunhesitatingly posedthedutyupon,theUnitedStatestoprotectandfnrniehedittotheBreckinridgeandKepu^iican C07se,"wsghishead; ifhecanspitbluefireandseloctiouofaPrisid«ntbythepeople,shouldbesuccaful.The papers, wiih charges agatnsthim (Doogla-), based uponprove that charge, he (Doo^l&p) is guilty of a gross and satisfaction o f frightening many women into fits, political organizations. In the election of a Chief Magistrate byperpetuat?-aBureausoir.erricientforpublicgood.Resolved, TbatacopyoftbessresonliioaflDetransmittedtohis ama. Noother Government has acquired the zaneExcellency Governor Morgan, signed by the oflicers of this Co.tn- right, or aeeumed the same obligations. And apart ihitlee, at.d that the same be published in THE TKIBCXS and iu from the treaty, the interests o£. American citizensThe •Evcnhiq Post1). D. T. MARSHALL, First Vioe-Pre«ident, presiding.,FEANCIS KERNAN NOT A "BMLROAD MAN."To the Editor of The IV. Y".- Tribune.SIR: ) heeyouwill "reach your long arms iuto thethat conversation, and sought w have rdinsslf callea to sparks his pay shall be doublud, and he sball have the success of the sccome is calculated'to destroy the integrity of uillengedtheadmirationofthe(HvHi/.edworld,andwehopenever Mr. Blair, " never furnisbed the Kepublican or Breck- cipal devil o f the theater. The diablerie o f to see the Democratic par*y oo far forget the glory of its great inridge papers, nor any one f>lne, with charges based " Der F/eischiit//' furnishes one of the most comic achievments, ns to lend itself to an unscrupulous cabal, who, ifj»cted to on the ground that he was not a tailor, but v rupon what he (Douglas sa*d, nur did I communicate scenes upon our stage. The benighted traveler who successful, would aink the Prei-idential contest to .the level of a horse market. The end is disprracefu1, the .means dishonorable,finaliy^wss t>ermitted to ser\ ei ^with any one upon tee subject except, in accordance should stray into a glen haunted by such a select party and we invoke the spirit of independenceand manliness whichHe* introduced a Mr. Carl, who, he «aid, would explain the objects of the meeting.. Mr. C. proceeded to inform bis countrymen and fellow tailors that their only chance of averting impending ruin was in th«with his own views and su^gssnons and*to forward his as last evening occupied the Academy boards, would characterized the masses of theparty In tbe days of Jackson andown withes. I am not even responsible for the fact wake the echoes with laughter; as for awe, under such Polk, td forbid the fliagraco which such aa unholy coalition wouldover the world,, and especially in Central Aaerica,that the substance of the litierof B Gntz Brown wasprinted about and mad* puilic. Wben asked subse- cirenmstances, he would, clap.'the fust low-coiatdycountry,and meddle-with local uiFairs," notwithstand-.irg the recent "deep condemnation of your taking off" American Continent. I t i3 notorious that for months defeat cf the Republican party. This statementcreat«nl .conntry, alike forbid that combinutioua formed to defeat tha condemn every member of the pres» i t Leaiblstture who voteB to the interoceaoic transit o f the Isthmus o f Pan-fasten upon all engaged in it.need be encouraged as to this particular part of theby one wbo seems t> have entered the contest with a past the British naval force en the coast of Central groat confusion, and Mr. Carl was informed that thisquently, and after I had bteu assailed by th« partisans spectre on the shoulder, salasing him with boisterousm-0c»useofficialsto ofMr."Douglas,Ideclinedsayinganythingabouttheinquiriesafterhkhealth.However,ifallthisstuffdefeated,wewillremainadistinct,unitedandrenpoctedorgwii-zealrotaccordingtoknowledge.ThisisasitshouldAmericaandsouthward-havebeenmereefficientinwasameetingoftailorsassembledtoconcertmeasures•/Let UBpreserve our identity, and aftor the conflict, if wo area?;d phonld. in no event, have consented to a nomina- But when the importance of this transit route iff esti-Long the pupil,, and then, for years, till his death, patriotic offer o f the Panama Railroad Company),honor to his constituency. As a lawyer, second tonone iu Central New-York, if he has a superior, ha-bitually averse to political life, and despising—no manmore ro—the etrategetics of partisans who make poli-tics a trade • unwilling, even after nomination, to con-.It is not from sympathy or respect—we can have•• '-?< '•'• •' .'•'•;;.'• .' ,<:.' Si&Wi '•":;A,rs,,'.-.vv/^v-vv,,v,,-,.:;g;,-'••'•• ••J"'-^bose benefit the sale is finally to be made for Mr.Myers, McQuade, junior, or senior, or senior for tbe . junior, the public will surmise, but noihing yet has transpired—yet .this same James McQuade forcing his own nomination, to compel the suffrage's of. bigh- mindi-d Republicans, aftecte to pulm himself upon theu:'• Ithrough Myrtle avewcr** to Clioton -avisos. 'liot*D avenue to La'ay^tte avenue, through ! jtoFJatbusb avenn*, thrwgh FJfftbrwh are-:ridge ^tret-t to Willoughby -ftreet, throughWi!$uf hby to tbe City Hall, ftrouud the City Ha'l to•> H. J. SANKORD. —*"• .. Veryretpectfolly,yourobed'tserv't,>••• ;>.••••.••••<•.••m'•.•••'••'• ' - •:.. I • h^:^,-.-' •.<*,<"•; \. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^^%;^.^s^^i?Ste8lil•',:'>,<>*,. oBS*Siwww.fultonhistory.comWm$$m*M$k I'I•-.•.'.*. 