 ti i»?The'yPatrie-repeatswithreservetherumorthat 5,000 mljm had embarked at Genoa and disembarked i tBatraised by the National Society. Most of the men •who followed Garibaldi are his old companions of6TT" E U R O P E . »TTHBei^6GOWrSAXONIA, ANDAKABIA'8V-V M'i^P^^c^nlpbectttiw itishuta paragraph^16 , TbechkfranseOfthenaHif&rtaneflofItalyhasboea ;.©B;th«demandofBaronBremer,yjrhoapparentlyfore- disunion and the indifference <mo province showt d for saw the ftppTcach of a revolution.ijrraded *r«B«-ka*v frr**ffif mS^i i$al£rl£S^i i•commonlawofEngiar-.,tbe principles of mteirf 1Thesemaynotbepopu arofeuchasoughtpropev pendentmember,whob; much liking,for the SHJJever hisfeynipathiesrimy,to mereoujt/of-ddofi» fceo down tbe'poei.tion which jfrtnneupon[allociaw<>:.& wish on this subject to j pje^-retary. I hav« read jsiderable surprise that U«eMarsala was grr.-»tly^etber that be true or evalent <j>n the Con;; .mmunications from i Jearly ghows tbi*< «:onn»J.intion. On! the Treasury narrowed dbwn to *b«r ut I4aripg; but h lbmk H "'Jsome brcader gro»>no# minister of greater atnh* tfiite Crown to tell ns v.i> that tbe laniiutg of the *•,. sistod by Englirh ve^eJ*:t)]tbesu-«cttP»ons, I b-H ti ,ijizers with) the Sicifi«ncMt pf^haps, may sympathize, .bto my sympathy, a' d i ejHJrjpatby by breaking CM:To this LdVd John Rut* ll hsjh. menibeffor hitih-atd. with respect to fheJnndi^v t Garibsldi, and the ships u'. grauna to hav^ protected the < I |pfeceived tojday an accou :d-hi'ia been transmitted by ti.e tljese veftjeJsjthe Ifjtre^id. Btttish property airMarsa,-.•«, it^FOB expecxed thereVo» < erjal anphesuoAa have been . Office here and to Admirul F in{theMeditejrnnean. to*•-.:» pj^ection of British, subjecu miral Eanshawe had eon» slijps to that codst, the lu^n etates that when they were j shipsofwar,1a|atekrnerai>d approached Marsala,. but k:ti have fired into tbe.teaselshis; followers, Ihe^'does not **i of \he story wpicb has sine sbipjj?preventedj tbem.I. B though they had; ah o^n, did jnot firel He say-, the men had landed, antTwh ers were- not iotkily aband ni•the troops of | Gjarihaldt, '••'% e Neapolitan sieamjer'aRked hisa fb'eh|boat to take po*we»w< nmglish officeri Capt. Parry do SO. [HearJhear,J His ia ize him to take jpoesesMon *A or to use any hostile operaf .o. wast j bis purppse, as well u< Govlernment, to be entirely ne conflict which, waygoing on. {. though this offic|'r does a'ot g assertion that his ship prove;, re from firing, I think we may to of the transaction'implies *ai pearl howeverj thiit the Neapo to rpcall from | Marsala any of be on shore. He bopsenied ",Eut pp aftignalj"for]thatpuri".>sad ^ome on bqard, wearing v •of Marsala by the Neapolitan cotsidered as janjact of intern partbftheNeapolitancaptain1, plies 1 that the |jBhgli«h snipHof that firing^ It does noi the British captain in an duty/ He was on, the -<p';t British life andlprdpervy, and t and in no otfJer. | {Hear, bea few words—and they shall on respect to the matter which hiss to-night. Of course I will r.ot tion ojf law on -jvhich imnoratie on opposite sidtjs of the House- iog; dbquisitions, although 1 > them jtm>t in a^iy particular <a» the Government to enter a pro is one{thingto state what is t-e. law. No one could.do that u or authority than my honorable ar Attorney-General. Bat it wo1 qnesiion whether, if tbe Govt-m a proeocution. they would be al fion. Now, the honorable and posite (Mr. Mah'ns; cayg, " xaipersons who put those advertiHed pers." I am rather »urpn8ea w that, because what evidence fcmvt of who put in the advertisemen You must go first to the printer c endeavor to,obtain from nim evi partiesjare, and next you mn#{i advertisements, tee subscriptivin may halve subsequently taken phiMr. Maguire said that if Th putdownthenauieofeverym^m a subscriber to the Sicilian fund, t be an extraordinary one, seeing tad donle everytbling in their pc sciously, to promote diseonteat iu King of the Two Sicilies, and to j courage the present rebellion. . Pi in the Foreign-office as a kind of '.properly divided. Garibaldi, therefore, hugging the even so far as to threaten Prussia, if she should con- own ambition. hi coast, steamed first to Orbitello, the extreme sea-shot in the neighborhood of Vevay, on' Geneva his followers with open arms, appearing as if they had been long expecting them. At the .time of the general's Lake, in honorable duel, by an old comrade-in-arms arrival there were no Neapolitan troops in the town.„ , "MARSEILLES, May 16.V The LevanJsteamer has anived. She touched atfX5^?-la 2fc£Taitack*asafim^uster.anoutlaw,apirate.^ThereligioufiV, unjuetlyinterpreted.' Thetheme is',Iknow,a dry;tbe'fate,of another..-. 'iZik, .'^"•,••••'•,.';•;•• •:. .'•• fim .ThesalvationofItalydatesfromtheday when tho sonsofthe»amesoilhastenedtothesupportoftheirbrothersin danger. '•'•',.. •".-: If w e abandon the brave sons of Sicily to thempelves,^^m^j^^^^S^amit^ alsocontain*the foPawmg: "Itm rumoredthatMessinaismthehandsOfthe insurgents. Itissaidthatatreaty of alliance, offen- sive and!defensive^ has; been concluded between Wa- pJes,irKome, Austria, and all the deposed Italian sover-eigns.'H ,-..,-••,.;.',.. >Tuscanyj} on the frontier of the Roman States.. I t was also rumored that a Provisional Governmentb<jd beenjestabbshed at Marsala, '" !;^AJKAJfin^ont^timmtm§folks, oddlyenougbvbythewayThadonetoforeignreaders,whowilljpersistinhaving revolutionstakethembystirprise;itisin eminentiy impertant one to every thoughtful Observer of. cur- rent French history; ' ' _ ,k the Count, who last year succeeded in liber- pany Rabattino, one was captured, the. other with the ulterior .pujnpose of exercising an English,bombarding the town of Marsala with round shot, shell, and grape, many of !>whicb, wben the Intrepid (an English gunboat' which took the news to Malta) left, were falling into the grounds of Messrs Wood- house's baglto. A fourth eleamer (a merchant vessel) having been supplied with a gun, also took part in the bombardment. The English ladies of the place had been removed for security to Messrs. Ingham's baglio, which is further off the town. Garibaldi and biB men,Ma«ina, pfameli, Daverio, Peralla, Panizzi, Remorino, DanielIi,|Mbntaldi, and so many other brave Romans who now sleep near your catacombs, and whom you buried y n|selye8, because wounded in front. Our enemies re both astute and powerful, but we tread the land fjjtbe Scaevolas, the Ho'ratii, and the Eerruc- cios; on: c^use is the cause of all Italians. Ourwar- cry is th sflme which was heard at Varese and Como: " Italy an^d (Victor Emanuel!" and you know that withus, whether ^all«n or conquerors, Italian honor is safe. O. GARIBALDI. General of tho Roman*\ a ting Lombardy, through the French alli-\ smce, and m annexing Tuscany and the Emilia. sunk. Since all the Neapolitan troops are con-protectorate over ir dependent Sicily, and so" aug- He comes here from Nice. Wiseacres connect his•menting the British influence over the' future des- ,f This well-directed policy encouraged the Central time enough to pat hr^a^f into communication tinies of the f|JFreich Lake." Editors of Patrk I Italians not to yield to the advice of France, while. and Pays, represent itives say of two-thirds of then-visit with Gorchakoffs proclaimed purpose of con-sulting with the " Powers" on the state of Turkeyagain. Let alone all conjecture, and the dead factrests, that the sick Turkey man, forced into a sortof galvanic vivacity during and immediately aftertho Crimean war, is quite a dead man, and some-thing worse to the nostrils of an appreciative Europ-ean public. The Crimean war did not solve theEastern question, did not practically help the very, immediately on effecting their landing, marched for poor Christians who still groan and whine under theThe Government could not, on the other hand, playopenly the game of Naples, when the insurrection irons in the fire at the same time, would have liked[false: Victor Emanuel, as patriot Italian and am- adventures in the northern seas, two or three yearscentrated at Palermo' and Messina, .Garibaldi has| jfiapoleon was humored by the cession of Savoy and with the insurgems m the mountains, and to or- readers, partook with sincere stupidity of that ganize new bo«ds, ajvd to awn them be-I 3S5ee. The Count is thoroughly an Italian, but he fore he ' makes kie attack upon Palermo, Jealous fear, and did furthermore have a sincere i s a shrewd diplomatist, and his aim is the unity of where the inhabitants condaxie (to make de- Jhatred of Garibaldi's frank, patriotic liberalism,Italy. But his policy differ* much from that ofand a certain (natural sympathy with the Neapolitan1IttMP^^^^W^^P^^^ft"***-''•ingly<jonticue^ within the narrow limits:allowed to %*a«rew«eteam«lupQJaagam,Capt*Thomson,CutinfcThePopeIsm^pSS£§SFrenchspeech)andprint,tovilipend:thepatriotand Imperialism.Chiofmanagingeditorandproprie- afRonuv' v",;'•:'.•'.•'...,-. '§,w l ^ s d k d f o m » Liverpool at 3 o'clock on theafter- *eejpected turn affirs thave-takem .He knows his cause. . W^th the Gover^nnent press, it has been tor, Bcrtin, has forgotten himself and dined of late, Let the people of the free provinces raise their voiceammafibe i&h April, and toached at Qtwenrtown^n / that {he oppositionbefc^^^s Commander-in-chief curiously and aguificanfry different. Ten days ago, fhfy say,-at tho \Tu3eries. For tho last six monWis in favor oi their brethren who are fighting—let them the Guf of San Stefano, near Orbetello, a town in^ 1 7 ^ arrived here on Wednesday morning. The and his tint Miuisterm^ nun the Government noprcBses or persons could be more forward, notfexosia, from Soutbampton, May 18, baa also Arrived. •parelitherof than- Such a his ^ t i o n a t ^ e and Wm can* £ g g .«»m agree; nor can heor a year, article? have o.ccasfonally appeared in its columns which none of its'Strong corps of liberal (Orleanist and Parliamentary liberal; editors could have written. They were signed by the " Seere-send their generous youth to whore men are fighting for tlieir conntry.•';.••...; , \:'J-.- , «• ; ^Tfceir news baa been anticipated by the dispatches m V e n t when GariOald! threatens to put all Italyfrwta the Arabia, but their mails famish «nne ioterest- ip a blaze, & ^ ° ^ e n , c h Government •prohibits ConktiiUionneL\ which is a shade or two more 44 tary of the editing bureau," and they were written,r TVe Co$.stUulionncl of the same date has the follow- If the cities. do not offer .a sufficient basis for msur- ing:, •*. 4 i . •ofnckaously semi-official than tboy, and two orthree shades |(there is great need of. nice under the " inspiration " of Government. It hasdiscrimination: here) more servile, was more not yet become wholly a Government organ by anythe foilowing details about the expedition: He in-chief of the Constitutionnel has no opinions what- rals) has left it quite lately and gone to La Prcsic, arrived on the 6th, in the evening, at the Porto ever of his dwn.l The editors of the; Pays and .which has become from an elementary liberal'to be a Telamore, where he completed his arrangements Patricdo have1 lifctjle weaknesses of that Bort—which party liberal, i. e., Orleanist jotvrnal. Tbree- days till the 8tb, when his aid-de-camp, the Hungarian they sufrdue.to order. Rather suddenly, in the ago it charged the Sicclc with beihg, if not sold to, CoL Tttrr, presented himself to the commander of course of the; week, the Government journalists yet thoroughly influenced by Government. the small fortress of Orbitello, and summoned changed their tone in a most remarkable manner. The Siiclc protested against the accusation with him to deliver up six cannons and all his ammuni-"*nsre resolved to organize an expedition in snpport on the 30th to Montalbo in the Papal Italy, issuedtie collection of S t Peter's pence throughout theirg detail* of matters already made known by tele-jjraph. mpireW e have also the mails by the Arabia, which are taste days later.THE STATE OF EUROPEO v Own Outre ftpoudcut. • _^ Turn*, May 13, I860.From the moment that on the *& of April the SiMwrrection broke out in Sicfly, Garibaldi an* thereotion, let the more resolute throw themselves into the open country. • , ; ' • • , , . ..~<r" -^ff*te8tintelligence we have received is to thetion, which otherwise would be taken by force.cniimsiaktic portion of the 65ends of Italian -unity The commander yielded, and Garibaldi proceeded adventurous partisan; and if his expedition is to be 'fact is that many.sincere Liberals put small forust in«f their struggling brothers. There were, never-there a proclamation which made it probable thatthe earnest tone of the Steele.' They tell me that it is not to Savoy elections, or to elections of members to the Corps Legislatif that the worst corrupting in-' April30.he intends to march. by . Term and Narni to the Ikefess, many difficulties in the way. Though Abruzzi, and suddenly at night went off to Sicily, Garibaldi was in possession of .about 20,000 while the Neapolitans were concentrating forces-muskets and fine required amnranition, provided on the Roman frontier. On the 12th, at night, he %j national subscription, the direction of the arrived at Marsala, chased by two NeapolitanCunning and specious corruptions of a higher order- +* National Society7* hadconae into the hands of steam-frigates; but by a lucky chance an English- Count Cavour's underling?. La Farina, the change may jbe something like this: Ten daysed the Neapolitan ships from firing until the En-Sicilian, now the President of the Society, which glish officers on shore should return. Thus ago tiie French Cabinet was inspired Witb government as this must spread among men; dis-administersthose arms, is known as a Minis- Garibaldigainedtwo precious hours,justenough something of] the suspicious fear that .had trustfirstOffriendsandoldcomrades,thenofmen to land his troops and stores, and to repulse the taken possession, 5t- must, be confessed, of many and manliness in general.landed at Mamalaand immediately pushed on to Calata pledging Ihemfielves to return to the fight, and not toGaribaldi and his friends. He is neither a senti- monstrations against the Zfeapofcfcan Government. 'Government *by foijce, which they mistake for a •The despair of all the dSptonu^tists, when the firstmentalist nor an enthusiast; his first object is to news of Garibaldi's invasion of tlie .Roman State, strong Government. |j Louis Napoleon; meanwhile,•centre what has been already obtained, and not to on the 30th, became known, was quite ludicrous. receiving satisfactojjy assurances from Lord John,| xisk the newly-acquired portion of Sardiai^. The • French. Emperor has latrong objections sends word, •mote or less directly, to Government oppressors. Russia now reopens the Eastern ques-jfl{|. ||'cular to its friends in foreign conntries, 3"/111'' •••The following is a translation:Sicily haijjji risen against her young tyrant, Jfwho,.directed by the Jesuits, consents to massacre nis sub- jects in fM;:most atrocious manner, sparing neither women -nor$children nor old men. The Italian Na- off Malta, under the command of Rear-Admiral Rod- tional Society would belie its past history if it did not ney Mundy; ancVfour screw Jine-of-battle ships are in endeavor, pyj every possible means, to aid the numer-ous victims of: the Bourbon of Naples. It has, conse- , quently» opened a subscription in all its Committees, ard on the?fi|st day it succeeded in collecting a sum of"J Averse to support a cause which has small chances against an expedition to Sicily, but he could not organs that -they change their tune. The editor of! «f success, and still more averse to loosen the the Constitutionnel, as the least despised, most ser-tion, playing always her manifestly destined part of protector Of Eastern Christians and annexator of Constantinople, with asking the" P o w e r s " whatThe Malta correspondent of Tlie London under date of the 12th, says:Times,}since he knew that Napoleon wished to put a Mu- Imperial hints and kicks. The consequence is that ecute some of the promises given on occasion of ralonthethroneefNaplesassoonastheEuropean whosesympathies withthe Italian causearesuffi- the-French first|reaa!in thecolumnsofthatjournal theTreatyofParis? 'Weshalldoubtlesshave lotscomplications might allow such a policy. Oavour ciently known, blamed Garibaldi for compromising the frightful proof I of what an utter humbug and of newspaper and diplomatic note-paper blackened .does not wish uCfo a solution of the Italian problem, the Government of. Victor Emanuel. Yesterday, horrible mockery was disguised under the official over with treatment of the question this Summer;this morning, leaving at that place her Majesty's ship Argus. Four screw line-of-battle ships are cruisingstand an attack upon the Pope. Count Cavour felt viceable, and nearest of the literary lackeys, has Preneh alliance, required for the acquisition of uneasy about-the French Alliance under such cir-merely in abuse Of Garibaldi, but in defense of Na- ples and Rome.lthau the.Pttfric and Pays. TheLet the Marches, Umbria,' Sabine, the Roman Cam- pagna, and the Neapolitan territory rise so as to divide the enemy's forces. ; _ : , . » .. TuRESf, May 15, 18C0.Cavou^ and of all the friends of Italy. W e have Say here, in passing, that the decidedly clever editor- memc, of the Orleanist, Parliamentary type of libe-* *Caribaldi is in. Sicily,'to,the great relief of Count pressing its disapproval. I t is well enough to. brilliant editors, Provost Paradol (Opposition quandeffect that tbu expeditionary corps of Garibaldi is ad*- A brave man can always find a weapon. Intne Vancmg|Witb weeess j n Sicily: The movement ismoderate in ; the forms it employed for ex- means, but it is notywhatit was. One of its most-Garibaldi, instead of being a corsair, an outlaw, aatone of earnestness, I trust with trut\ but I mustthey have devoted their life to their country; they will shed their last blood for it, seeking no other reward than that of apure conscience.Italy and Victor Emanuel I that was our battle-cry when we crossed the Tdesin; it will resound into the verydepths,ofJEtna. I „!' ; ',.„ *As this prophetic battleicry reechoes from the hills of Italy to the Tarpeian Mount, the tottering throne • of tyranny will fall to piecesl and the whole country will rise like one man. [ , I .r'JTo arms,'then! Let as by one blow iputan end to «nr secular misfortunes. jLet us show the world that this is truly the land once trodden by the great Roman race.. * ' . G. GARIBALDI.leader's'intention was originally to commence opera- tions hijibe Roman States, a plan which must have been frustrated by the vigilance of the Sardinian Gov-'emmenjt:'|[•. il :|Romi ns! To-morrow you will hear the priests ofXainori icre say that nome Mussulmans have invaded your te; Irijtory. Well, these Mussulmans are the same who' fought for Italy at Montevideo; at Rome, and in Lombardy; the same whom you will mention to your cbildrerj with pride when the day shall come which, by freeing] yon from the tyranny of the stranger ana the prie6f| will leave you free to enjoy recollections; the fame |who for a moment yielded to the numerous and •Wai-like soldiers of Bonaparte, but who yieldedfillibuster, an Italian "Walker," has come to beannot reject from this record of mere facts, that theregretted, it, a|nd the insurrection which it went toaid, must be laid to the charge of the bad governmentof Naples-and} of Rome, whose Governors had soobstinately andifooliskly refused to. take the advice fluences of the present government are applied. of Louis Napoleon in'matters of reform. The Gov-;ernment" and |j legitimist religious journals, whichare brought to bear, they tell me, on a higher order were a week ago harmoniously singing the same, of men than the commonalty. I am slow to believewoful tone apropos of Garibaldi, are now in what these men tell me, but it has likeness enough 'frigate was cruising off the harbor, which prevent- harshest discord. , The explanation of this of truth to be mentioned; and deserves mention,Fimi and Alcanio, where the insurgents were concen- leave thei| children any other legacy but that of hatred terialist,andalltheCouncilefAdministra- Neapolitans,whotriedtoopposethelanding.HeprivateFrench]minds,thdtthisSicilianinsurrection TheRussianGrandPukeNicholasisstoppingattrated.AtoncethieeNeapolitanmen-of-warhoveintooppressors.Yes,thesecompanionsofminefought \ taon received, until lately, its direction from lost four men, and of the two steamers of the Com- and'Garibaldi-movement was promoted by England the Louvre, and dining at the Tuileries this week. sight, and, without & moment's notice, commenced outside W$nr walls, by the side of Manara, Melana,.V enctia, he hesitated to espouse the Sicilian cause, cumstances; and even the English Embassador, the honor -of receiving the first and heartiest of the they propose doing by way of forcing Turkey to ex- . " Her Majesty's ship Intrepid arrived from Marsalawhen the telegraph brought the news of theNeapolitan abofifionjof the state of siego in Paler- the settlement of it will require more active treat-port ready for an immediate start; so there are plentyof ships to protect English interests in Sicily if neces-sary. I have heard from a rather good authority that'two-r-not four—Neapolitan steamers were present at 50,000f.,* np||o enable the Sicilians to continue the'which would establish a duelism in,the peninsulamost dangerous to the new Northern Italian State. landing at Marsala, everything" was well,again, the mo. It published in\a;tcnso the text of the infernalment than the administration of pen and ink.Ex-Pretender, the Count of Montemolin, and one of his brothers, arrived here a few days ago fromSpain.Itisnowannounced,inanofficial sort of style, in the Moniteur de la Flottc, that thatStill, he trusts much to the universal complication difficulties had at once disappeared,., and Turin, code, in each of wholpe provisions ruthless cruelty of ailairs, and would not at i any rate oppose the which had just put .on a. festive garb, for the cele- and foul baseness crowd for precedence, and whoseMarsala; that they allowed Garibaldi's troops to land, andthencommencedbombardinghisships."A private letter contains the following particulars ofthe landing of Garibaldi at Marsala:"While on shore to-day, about,2:30 Or 3 in the after-noon, we entered a cafd. In a few minutes several fellows entered—some in red, others in plain clothes— all armed with muskets and bayonets. Every one around seemed favorable to them. We at once asked what was the matter, and were told that it was a case of 'Viva Italia,' and Garibaldi had banded. We im- mediately took a walk around thetown, and found thestruggle agjaiinet a regular army, excited to carnage by allsOrtsofjbrpbeH,theymusthavearms,munitions, and provismnlB. With this object the society makes an appeal to the liberals of all countries; it begs them to found Commijttees for soliciting and receiving'subscrip- tions in favjor!of a people which has been driven to in- surrection byithe severest and most abject abcolutism, and which deiares to form part of a free and independ- ent Italy, mie faithful of the different States of Eu- rope, at thejinstigation of their bishops, are Bending money to Rome for the purpose of subduing by cannon and muskeg and bringing again under the Papal yoke, the Legatiofisdiwhich nave succeeded in freeiog them- selves. Liberals ou^ht to imitate their example by comingto.thelaid of the Sicilian insurgents. The Cen-tral Committed at Turiu undertakes to convey to them the succor thus obtained, and the weekly paper of the Society will)record the names of the generous donors.bration of the twelfth anniversary of the Constitu- ImperialpolicybeforeVenetiaissecured.Accord- tionlookedquit*?happy;NobodydoubtsGaribaldi's ingly he-discouraged Garilml b's movement. The success, since the Neapolitan troops are discouraged,regime is the substitute of the state of siege.A leading article of] the Constitutionnel of Mondaymuskets of the National Society, deposited in. the while among fhe population of the island—2,500,000 last is ^particularlyjworth noticing. It presents, not bould sailor man, the Prince Napoleon, will risk Arsenal ofGenoa, were denied to the gallant General. his person on the yacht Cassard, this Summer, in. Tia Farina was sent on an electoral expedition men, according to Jast census—the King of Naples the final purposes,of (Napoleon, but what he. wishes) venturesome search, of New-York City, and theto Lombardy, and measures were taken to prevent has nOt one real friend. Anns and ammunition aro -for the moment, the 'jvorld should take for his views dangerous coasts of Canada. It will be' the com-continually supplied by way of Malta and of Greece. and policy. The bri^f sum of it is that: Piedmontsteamers from taking the adventurers on board. Napoleon, who.does not like to have too many has nothing to dejj with Garibaldi's expedition;' plement of his magnificently-otavoed hair-breadthit better if this Sicilian insurrection had not bitious king and boljl fighter, loves Garibaldi per- in Sicily continued to spread, and Northern Italy taken place this year, since he designed Turkey sonally, sympathises jiwith him, would pray—if heback. ' . A diamond marriage, much talked of in Paris, iswas"thrown into the greatest excitement by the for his-next victim." Lavalfette, the French Emba.s- was in the habit ojfj praying—-for his success, and about to befall between the only daughter of the soldiers (patriots) had possesion. .We wanted to go account of the savage behavior of the Neapolitan would, if he could,;throw aside scepter.and crown sensible and suddenly enriched parvenu banker, out toward the country, but the officer in command, a troops at Palermo, Canino and Messina. Thus it sador, has at last set out for Constantinople, and and join bis troop^to-morrow. Cavour might have Mires, and Prince Polignac, one of the sons of fine-looking fellow, tola us we could not pass withouthappened that with some conzuvanceof the authori- Prince Napoleon is soon to follow him. Nobody prevented the emharcation, on so large a scale at Charles X.'s too famous Minister. The young lady an Order from Gen. Garibaldi. We therefore returned ties, Garibaldi was able to embark on the night knows the exact plans of the Emperor;, but an least, but did not for ope of two or three sufficient is said to have been left to her heart's choice, and to the mole for the purpose of getting,on board, andport of; Tuscany, and landed there, to complete his tinue in her policy of annexation, with foreign As I have already mtimated, the significance ofarrangements, close to the Poutificial boundary. alliances—meaning, of course, either Russia or this must not be bWJjhot/underrated. It means of her husband. What has become of the wretched Owing to the shallowness of the water theirlarge ships- ' • iFrance. This declaration 'was too strong even forSince that time we have not heard- anything the endurance of Germany; a. loud protest was about him, though yesterday it was said thatwoman, I do not know. '.'..''The plaster, cast of the mask of Jean Jacquespool, the telegraph will inform us as to his plans andhis adventurous crew. So much is certain—that he financial crisis. , The Hungarians appointed to the did everything to avoid getting the Government Imperial Council have refused the honor of beinginto difficulties. He might have carried away all responsible for the misgovernment Of the country; t h e 46th Regiment, and several of the guuboats and thus even this scheme has failed, discrediting moored at Genoa, but he preferred to start with an the Imperial Council as well as the Cabinet, whose expedition not completely fitted out, than do any- j infatuation is hardly credible. Without asking the thing which would have too openly shown that all the hxte leaders of the conservative party whether they sympathies of the Government officials are with him. are wiUing to accept this nomination, Count Rech-mencement and the rialijies of resultant territorial Co., of Berlin. profits, I come to two o:: three superficial conclu-sions: As that L. Nhis protest against the cruel »ygtem of oppression of J Rhine into a boundary between Fxauce and Ger-" f o r the benefit of ti||i defenders of Italian inde-This is from a good source, as also that the 10th regi-the common country. The brave Chasseurs have ment of the line at the Mole showed symptoms of dis- before the House. [Hear, hear.] The original ques-ns ditfereiit from his own he settled Ionsthe King of Naples, which threatens always to dis- inanv? turb the peace of Italy. He mentioned, likewise,the irregular enixstiaent of the Austrian soldiers mtotheNeapolitananuy;andthusthe Neapolitanipendence" was opcne'plat the office of that paper,:ither by the dagjrer Orthe pistol. 1U >f action in the City of Koine; He. tJlimster saw that the Sardinian Government, wuSntryunjfto discountenance the infraction of the Neutrality Jaws, sympathized with the move-"merits record), commanded by Lamoriciere," No rank, no honor, no recompense isheldoutto mentintoconfusion,midtheeveningbeforelastallthe elaborateanswergiventhe other evening bytheSOr>risOn in a m y unbusinesslike manner, whenever }is going on io Italy and Sirnly than are circulating to-day in Paris, wil] reach you from your other cor-they are for the doctrines of non-intervention, of which 1 am an humble disciple, thev ought to state that this is an illegal combination for usVistiug people in opposi-they will have to fight the mercenaries of the Bourbon The Journal des JDebats has gone half over to as wejl as those of Austria, and of the priest who rulesfurthermore, as proof of the distrust which such a;: THE XANDING OP GARIBALDI.On,the ilt,h of May Gajibaldi,' with 2,000 Italians, only with Ibeir brows turned toward the enemy, andgalling yoke'of their little handful of MusselmanTrapani and Alcamo, the strongholds of the insurgents. The English steam corvette Argus remained at Marsala to carry off the BritiehTesidents should such a step be- come necessary. .nniversal suffrage. \The Italisn National Society has also issued from .England, Russia and Italy, it is sufficiently under- reasons: He knewjvery well that if he did his ut- to be heartily in love with the Prince, who, despite met more soldiers coming in. At the mole gate we, A beginning has already been made at Glasgow; butof the 5th, with about 1,300 volunteers, with three stood that something is to happen in the East tx> most to impede at, jihe shook to ruin the al- his parentage on the father's side, is a man full of were again stopped, and there.detained until a pass thousand muskets on board of three steamers, give an opportunity to the French Emperor for from the General was procured for us. On the molecruising outside of the harbor of Genoa. Still a ready loosened foundations "of his popularity sound common sense and high accomplishment. we met.fresh troops, who had disembarked with arms, portion of the ammunition had been left behind, destroying the Turkish Empire. His only difficulty and power in (Northern Italy; he shut His singularly ingenious translation of Goethe's ammunition, &c. We were informed that some 2,000 is, that the.English Government refuses to under- himself out from jjthe grandest opportunity Faust into correspondent French meters—a. verita had been thrown into the town,' and that moretbe Liberals of France, of Belgium, of Germany, and of Sweden, ought not to be behind those of England in a work which highly concerns the liberty Of all peonies, for t'fcre" fall of the despotic Government inand the pecuniary means of the expedition are but stand his hints about the inheritance ot'the sick man, ever offered to ambitious patriotic statesman hie tour deforce when the peculiar difficulties of the would soon follow; the only thing they wished for Sicily will inV^ve that of many othef-s; and the Sicil- slender. Pa via sent about 50,0001'., Brescia and seems to have no desire of either sharing in the to merit well of the Commonwealth and glorify his case are looked at—has been long ago mentioned in being that they might meet, |the Neapolitans. ians, wben-they have broken their own chains, willappreciates him]. IFrjance disapproves the Expe- proved by a mathematical work of some merit, and sort to make short work of a dish of maccaroni. for the benefit of other peoples who may have risen in He finds that England, in 1815, obtained, so com- ^hey landed from two atoaxnero, clooe under the a CaUW- JJiroilaJ'i'iboi ila-oii- o S m i .fortable a position in Europe, as to he unwilling dition [of com-se, jj'diplomatically: all of us by hard fighting in the OrimM, whore he served noses of the Neapolitans,' who, with' two steamers and ;_••.) 4 VEGEZZI arjrSCALLA. the "Cacciatorf degli Alvi," among them Nino to change it; still, he hopes that he might either " Powers " disapprove,1 it, must; it is against the with more than ordinary credit as. an artillery offi- a sailing frigate, had been constantly watchingthe coast. Anrelio Saffi has addressed to the Editor of Th^JLtm-^ JBixio, the second- in command, Ferrari, the coax or bully her into a partition of Turkey, too 1 rules, quite. Note phat what none of them confess, cer. His " maritime appointments," as Didsbury The smallest of these vessels could easilyaave pre-, don Times the"following note: . •.37,OOOf.. Milan 50,000,. about the same sum was spoils, or even permitting that, others should do so. own name; Cavou* do|s not love Garibaldi, but he this correspondence.' His soMder qualities are ap- Tbey all appeared fine, athletic fellows—just the not fail to acquit themselves of their debt of gratitude,hero of Kome; the Hungarian Colonel T U T ; happy if she would consent to take the lion's share, j Louis Napoleon is 8j6 likely to recognize, to wit, calls them, are 10,000 monthly francs from papai-in- vented the landing1, but she was too cautious to attempt Swtori, the membsr of the Italian Parlia- Egypt, the richest province of the Sultan. But. that Garibaldi is come |to be a European Power, law, with lodging, board, and horses. This it. After the soldiers, however, were safe on shore ment, and many students of the University of while Napoleon's looks are directed to the East, he and to be talcen into Ccount. L. N. B. having been sort of thing sinks your New-York diamond the Neapolitans closed in and fired upon thetown, or Pavia.Allthe•46thKegiment,composedchiefly.ofVenetian refugee*, wished to desert and join the ex-" SIR—A pr^>ckmation signed < Giuseppe Mazzini/ and urging the,;Siciban8 to insurrection in the name of the Sardinian Monarchy, appeared a few days ago in someItalianjpikpers,and,wasreproducedbytheEn- glish prets. f *|i ?•.•''docs not forget Germany, where we witness nothing but discord, egotism, and imbecility. Prussia, en- couraged by England, tries to extend her influence,mnsmallway,atvaraoustinies,arevolutionist, weddingfrom',dress-circletopit. Thatvery •ratheratafewstragglersonthemole—amerewaste of powder, for many of the shot fell short, and thoseinsurrectionist, outlaw^etc,, can comprehend this funny man, ex-Lieut. B., ought to challenge that did reach terraJirma merely plowed up the earthessential fact quicker than any other of the crowned Polignac—no, not Polignac w^ho handles a sword that the enemy had passed oveiv There isnodoub;heads, or than Lord;<MD, and make his account like Gfisar, and is uncomfortably accurate in whatever but that one at least of Garibaldi's vessels, with the Sicilian movement and the cause of Italian" I t is needle JS to say that Mazzini is heart and soul proclamation by which he recommended all the and to bring about some kind of unity; but al accordingly]. StiD, in1'acting as he. has done, (I pistol practice. Well, let him challenge,some one— particularly the rearmost, could have been cut off. but unity, but anir o^heknowing him would easily perceivepedition j but the gallant General sent those who - had come to Genoa back to Novi, and issued aarmy not to leave the flag of Victor Emanuel by the minor States band together against such aany means, and not to loosen the bonds of military policy, which threatens the integrity and inde- pendence of all • those miserable princes and . discipline, which alone can insure the success of the kinglets, who until now kept Germany divided intocause of Italy. In order not to embarrass the thirty-six States, each of them endowed with a Court,Government, he left Genoa at night, in the greatestJhaste. The embarkation took place in a very tu- Saxon Minister, Von Beust, is the leading man ofam quoting always thefjsummary ideas of the Con\ your correspondent, if he likes—for telling the truth no, tbey were afraid to try it on. After these had been that he couldpoi have had a hand in that document. stitutionnel articles), Garibaldi acts consistently his about this; Kohinoor wedding, by the side of which, abandoned by the Italians, they were taken possession . " As I am iojw authorized to state that he has writ-part, and responds- to Iph'e national aspirations of his little family affair was mere paste. Speaking of displayed much hesitation, evidently deeming 'dis- Italy. On the other hdfnd, the King of Naples has. marriages, the Piccolomini is.getting married about cretion the better part of valor.' At this moment, asing this statement in your valuable paper. .. " Yours; respectfully, AURELIO SAFFI.regularly !" birched t;ie laugh]; he'hadjUi: fact, done ev« hia authority in his own domirm justified the insurrjsciion. The tad of Naples was compelled to take,ra called arbitrary and harsh, but whj necessary in.the-Btate of the public iJhat Sovereign, when he found « in Naplei with the view to foment'n had a perfect right to turn the ron country. He (ilrJ Maguire) bitM patches emanating {from the Foro;gj axdice and truckling manifested tov and that tyranny and oppresfi-afllear, bear.] The noble lordwas. h deal with the King of NapUd c Home;butheblanphedwhenhe.h, Emperor {of France. The inoetjab* the world ever saw was now b Italy, and all the cbnffuuou there i OM-ing to the im^mous'machinatiuru bers. He was i>erfect(lyjustified it robbery which was{j>er;petrated in I th« Stfetea of tbe Pope and a portib dominions, and the ^vision of the b two Sovereigns, originated in^ a bai tbc-m. And what was the principle-1 tioued byjher Majesty's Governsne was lawful for aijy]porti.»n of the mate Sov.''ireign to cast <^f his yone their allegiance to another.^ On the i ptople of Cornwall or Devon migtit of the Queen, and mkht, by universi their discontent with her goverrun termination to be frt^e, or to hand ov to the Emperor of t|he French. [ H haldi is called an illustrious patriot. « hijrh-sounding epithets; but who wot Why, the very ecuni of Italy—ban leagued together by ties of bl*<* was one jZamblanqhi, who,, judgi acts, was an infamous villain, a f«robber, and an assasam. -He c<n.I< something jof that man Zamblancui Cuetom-House officer, and was an abond [a laugh]; he feared neitbehe was at Enmity with tbe Pope; .ax sooth, he was a h**o\ and a, patri>t. bellion in Kome he j*ssi»ted in arrest•ho endeavored to .escipe from tin <•* ie Pope's dominioiis were,a*th.u reons whom he arrested venturedpursued so lamentablejjha policy that should Gari- baldi succeed in overthrowing him, he may well be said to have deserved hasfate. Finally, it is a mis-these days, to the Marquis "Gaetani of Tuscany. And again, sadly axiropos of marriages, I have spe- cial reasons for believing that one day last week thewe are in the act of leaving for Malta, a steamer and frigate are opening on the town, but the fire receives no returm Whether they have artillery or not we are,"Oxford,May I7i" .•| -LATEST FROM SICILY.mtch from Sicily is by Marseilles, andter, badand all the costly appendages of a Court. Thethi« anti-Prussian and anti-German conspiracy; take to suppose that Et gland is a party to this ex- lover of. Garibaldi's wife (that last Lombard wife, unable to state. We can only remark that we sawis Tashefolalotewsst':d^multuous way. One of the steamers was over-crowded, and the arms and ammunition were not and the \Hanoveran Minister, Voii Bories, went pedition, or seeks to turn its results in favor of its not the noble Montevidean), was rather properly none. The people in the town received Garibaldi and. '' / fcould not approach." "The Paris Pays says that the movement has devel-oped itself with " extraordinary rapidjity," and that Mr. Hennessy Icalled attention to a statement made byare ready ro ally themselves even with France, if illuminated by the foujr variorum proclamations, the journal states, with the customary newspaper as- certain." The Pays-goee on to say: ment for raising -money to assist the insurgents inAustria remains still in her chronic political'and. . -A s soon as the departure of the expedition became berg had them appointed members of a newfangledInown, Canofen, the Neapolitan Embassador, institution without well-defined attributes; in pensated (on the idea 'doctrine) by some additional mona by one of the,leaders of the expedition:right of control in the MeJlitoiTanean must be com- asked for explanations. But Count Cavour was fact, the Government wanted their names, not their annexation of the mm sort—say the continuousabsent on a visit to Bologna, where the King still advice, and did not believe that they could muster coast down to Genoa 3f elusive: As that all things leeeived the homage of his new subjects. Farini, sufficient courage to decline the. honor of being: possible, and times, and occasions fermentingFoRTnkss OF TALAMO.VA, on the Roman Frontier, ?T . L l • . May 7, 18(50. jThe correspondent of The London News writes as the discussion of the Conspiracy bill, by the present Attorney-Generol and bv Sir G. Grev. A similar doc-m detects,. or believes he detects a misbehavior.already succeeded in disorganizing all the Papal to reproduce the Paris views of them, all of which crease by editorial appeals, or by publication ofJNTEKOAKCE—Acerbi, Bovi, Maestri, Jfodi.SUROEONS—Ripari, Boldrini, Ciulini.OnMERVATiOKS.—Tbio oi-ganization is the same as orders to embark—this regiment consjVs principally of terms. \Hear, hear.-] If we onco give way to thisalready warned not m publish the amount of the Without having, as yet, organized anything, he has respondents, and by yonr English files. I have only Peter's pence contribution, nor to incite to its in-44that the public shouldJtMnk that it is what the Gov- ernment means. Tine enough for the present.PARLIAMENTRY DEBATE ON TIIE INSUR- RECTIQN.he has landed close to Terraciua. These raised all over the country, and the imprudent What Louis NapokWs remote purposes may be Rousseau, taken by Houdon from the corpse imme-•views are not confirmed, and it is surmised Minister had to qualify his hasty words. But the in the easel do not presume to divine. Lookingat diately after death, was sold at auction at the Hotel /that he goes to the Calabrias, there to raise German nation is still persuaded that their princes the millstone in the ligh^j of the Italian campaign, Lrouot last Monday, for 660 francs. A German its success throughout, the whole of SiciJy n seems the Solicitor-General with reference to an advertise-therevolt"whichwould forcethe Neapolitan suchanalliancecouldsavetheirthrones. garrison of Sicily to withdraw from one portion atleast of the island. Before this letter reaches Liver-VillafrancaTreatyanloi.tbenecessitatedbreakingof suranceofauthority,thatallthebooks,charts, '"After,havinglandedhisvolunteers,Garibaldi,by Sicily,whichcoursetheHon.andlearnedgentleman- etc,,'which Humboldt left to. his servant, Stifert, means of arrangements previously concerted, succeeded declared not to fbajjillegal. He contended that the ob-the same, the disinterested idealism of its com- havebeen bought by the booksellers, A. Aascher <fcin concentrating the insurrection. W e are assured ject of the subscriptions was to assist insurgents against that he has already made himself master of all the most their sovereign. Garibaldi had received a good deal of important places in the island: We cannot, however, sympathy in this country. [This remark was followed to day tay anything morb precise oh this point. It by loud cheers ofapproval.] Garibaldi was a memberthe Minister of the Interior, declared only that he nomination. To the great surprise of theJfcnew scarcely anything about the movements of Court, however, the Counts Apponyi • and tural boundaries rnayj|be found to come into a con- things of most urgent necessity, and were obliged to two or three letters. One says, dated the 9th:' Bj for the present does not1 :: ITALY.THE INSURRECTION IN SICILY.GARIBALDI'S EXPEDITION.The Sicilian insurrection and the expedition of Gari-of a secret society^by tbe rules of which its memberspurpose to intervene to>save the King of Naples,possibly not to save the temporalities of the P o p e -on condition that Au tain does not-intervene, andthat England agrees 1J0J intervene -pari JHISSU : Asthat Sicily being .ann-xed to Northern Italy with,would appearj from other very' recent information,possibly, Naples,, and a slice or twomore of the Roman . States, the French baldi an the chief topics of the English papers. Theunderstood that we cannot guarantee the truth of facts of this importance, but the information whicli reaches us from all sides leaves little doubt that it must be ac- curate in the main."cording to a dacjis^ion of the Court of Common Pleas,, that opinion wap 'incorrect, and that the soliciting or raising subscriptions of that kind was clearly illegal. Opinions to thati effect bad been expressed in 1857, onnow in Germany, M h a h affairs and Rhenish na-Garibaldi,and that Count Cavour,whose return Barkiony, the Barons Vay and Eotvos catenation accordingly;jinfinethatwithoutbeing "The«liopsinthoCaBBanoandtheToledohave been oppnodThe^Solicitor-General said that what he stated, and what be wished now to repeat, was, that any person the most satisfactory explanations. Canofari th reat- refused to take part in the deliberations of- a body wishes now, in the a ii:ied character of a neutral good deuL but are by no means dispirited, and we soon ment are doing nothing but paradiwg the armed force and arrest- acting by himself-and paying money into the"hands ofwas expected every moment, would certainly give and Messrs. Somsich and Majhtih unanimouslyened to ask for his passports, but Farini said that which did not belong to the historical institutions of to careluliy watch theljjjourse- of events, reserving hope to see the shores of Sicily', and to the land to the ing the people. They are much alarmed about the report of the third persons, for the purpose of being transmitted tog S k &**» TM* yet informed whether Canofari creditable to the French intelligence, and a due strikes, Italy sees them again in the fii-st ranks cheer- Cassand and the Toledo, but in the Marquoda and' the and laughter.] I must "say I heard that answer withfeu taskedfor ms passports, but i O e has not, ho semce under Garibaldi, as it has permitted fully Volunteering to shed their blood for her. The•pvm. sente. The relish of it lies here: that those who Minister Billault sent to the Opinion National?, resounded a'year since on the shores of tho Tessin— the public resorts appeared to be dead. The working to imagine that the.subscription which has been so ex-inonstrance *&&£& expedition, but in terms hate both man and principle pay a homage of hatred a general answer, nex|jday, in the "shape of a " Italy and Victor 'Emanuel"—and this cry will strike people, too, knocked off work at the same time, which tensively advertised is a legal one. In one point,which awr not hostile to the Government, while and abuse almost richer and of greater indicative note communique, which does not forbid Sub- terror into the heai-ts of the enemies of Italy. added to the general gloom. Toward evening, about at any rate, this discussion has been use--" France and England have both made a re- homage paid to the man and the principle he repre- Lninoriciere to take i§ri'lce under the Pope. ' war-cry of the'Cbusiseurs of the Alps is the same1 that oil' streets. In the forenoon yesterday there was not a person to be seen in the . streets, and the city and allgreat surprise, but it is no slight thing for the Solicitor- General by implication to leave.the peoole out of doorsthe Piebald Opposition' (Orleanists of the biliousmander of 1st Company; Orsini, 2d; Stocco, 3d;.La Masa,4th; Anfossi) 5th) Cavini, Oth; CairAlo; 7th.that:of the Italian anny to which we belong, and the AuetriaiiH. I confirm what I hay<*. said• of • the prov- sort of thn,g, yn what grmuid can we complain of thetype, Legitimists, and Tifltramontunes proper) were.Government of the arrival of Garibaldi there wftft **00men. Certainly there is great alarm felt h>o;. and,among.other, troops, the 3d (foreign) B^gTinent has tion to a Sovereign with whom we are on friendly'Administration, and in raising a most formidableoppo§ition! against his plans. De Corcelles.aad are interesting—some very curious, and some unctuous epistles from: the subscribing faithful, and rank given to merit raMierthan interest, is that already inces: the Calabrias and other parts are ready, and a conduct of America? ^ Hive I not heanl gentlemen'':.'.FaJioux, ^nib. Wiseman. and Talbot, have scarcely"any change of eotering into the Administration.dissolving. " •••-Thus, when we first heard that Garibaldi, hadure of the Eronch equadron for Naples was provision- Americn fiflibustci* i|s<mie time Iago to take the: money, aijns, and cspacially men, is tho duty.of every J on.'the contrary, that Admind Jehenne had left for Nu- aubseriptious in opposition to Sovei-eigns' with whomthe Roman loan has uo| been able to get to'public advertisement here. | .achieved on other battle-fields.. PROCLAMATION.(Signed)1 iy G. ."GAltlBAIiDIfipark would set them in a Maze,- hero using'the strongest language with refereuce to ' The Paris Paine of the 17th asserts that the depart- Gon. Walker? Whatiiwus said about the attempt byIfollowing is an extract from a letter written from Tala-embark at night, and hastily, we were in want of many and I have scarcely time to send you the contents of land here to lay in provisions from the villages, near by fore'e, and are kept open by sbirri land gendarmes. Companionexpeditions, and" to the cause of assassination and out- rage.anxiously desirous o: aj general war, L. N. B. this ibrt. We had a rough passage, and suffered a of soldiers march up and down the town; ,in fact, the Govern- approach of Garibaldi, and the soldiers begin to be frightened;Genoa, was not liable to indictment for a misdemeanor. Cavour returnled, he told Canofari that the Govern- Hungary and Austria becomes once more manifest of French territory, kdepmg up his role of patron of freetlom. The General has not snffered at all, and I •" PAMUCMO, May 13.—The wteanier was detained by order of This was.a different thing to a number of persons con-this did not belong to his department. When Hungary. Thus, the irresistible conflict between to himself the occasion war securing more accession- cry of "United Italy for ever !" and to fight fori its the oftieers, too. aie sick of being kept constantly on the move."envied him j, he, turn about, gave his orders as cap- menthadcertainlygivenordersto preventthesail- toEurope,andtheinternal)weaknessof Austria is the nationalities,aiidlsW.strengthening himself at 8ing of Garibaldi's expedition, but that it could not once more revealed to her friends and foes. Napo- home and abroad against, the. opposition of the legi- tain, and then acted as helmsman himself.restrain the popular enthusiasm for the Sicilians and leon has now a divided Germany, a rotten Austria f imist religious party, M i which his schism Seems The following is Garibaldi's Order of the Day: •. and yesterday and the evening before, the people, on being fired After considerable .discussion, in which the enlist-the- Neapolitans, who are, according to the common in his way. Will he resist the temptation to make to be more.and moiu definitive.«pinio>ofall Europe, the worstgoverned nation of the a war once more for ah idea ? Universal suffrage To leave speculafJ^MiT The OpinionContinent. Ke seized the opportunity for renewing is working wonders; .why should it not turn the gave, notice a few days ago that a " subscription mission of tins corps will be,, as it nlways_has been,we look for another Sicilian Vespers. The people were never more united, awd are beginning, to get desperate; and there Inis been a riot with the troops near fialestreri. east of Palermo."length, Mr. B.Osborne said: .the Solicitor-General respecting Garibaldi's expedition,. ar.d that, to my mind, appears the more serious matter. TheHousemustfeelthatithasarisenfrom,thevery,ON BOAHD THE PIEMONTK, May, I860. ORDER OF THE DAY.a\Nationahbased upon complete self-denial for the regeneration ofand at the same time puMished a number of sub- served, and will serve) their countrv with the devotion affection, and cried out, ll Abbasso il Colonello," &c, tion was one calling attention to. the reply given byCORPS .OF THE: CHASSEURS OP THE ALPS.-—The:• \ \ » ' x •FRANCE, Fzom0*xOv/nCorrespoodeut.PARIS, May 18, 1800.This has been a Garibaldi week. The intense incloses 100 franqj and m epigrammatic question: these braves; when the danger is past fchoy will return steamers were again-put iii requisition, and sent off in ticitor-Geueral, who has been universally thrown overWhether Government vm [suffer him (ex-Sergeanc exeiy direction. The Elettrico came back yesterday by every lawyer in the House, and even by his own interestwithwhichhismovementsarewatchedis Petit),andlotsofothf'rswhoareready,to.take to.quiet,domesticlife;but,whenthehourofbattle.afternoon.Thedemonstrationsarenolongerinthe olleague,,the'Attorney-General, ["Hear,hear,"scribers'letters, one of [which, from"Petit ofthe ZouavosMthelu.'aity.soldier'sname' stsmlessconscience.4< and.discipline of the best military corps, without anyso that by degrees you will see things are beginning to take tho course predicted by Lord John Russell. ThereportsaboutGaribaldihavethrownthoGovern-ex-Sergeant other hope; without any other pretension, than that ofT priests-into Sail Calisto, whom he i ardstarvingsomeand murdering emin,piecemealandgloatingovert ere the horrible airocx its committed it that the revolutionary govermm-x >mpelledtointerfereaud.pntast*"j ./by did the noble lord do to the Kmjiedid not dare to do!to the Emporor toble lord would eay, of course, .:U Vancewent to Italyito liberate,ft;.!,fmore monstrous "humbug" than tjh lugh.] He repeated, Was there Ie «>U8 "humbug" tnanfor oneioiltidespots whom the world ever ,«liberty to Italy? When the j lWn uithe streets of.Paria at the matAd anv rebuke for the brat Petrated on that occasion cOme t'r {Government? Was there not ration of svnipathv with Louis. Nap "Those name bad been almost synou. u " rairement of revolution 'rhrouyiMObf oh !"J' ,He (Mr. Maguijre} >u careful in those case's in layixjig^ciovv inan knew how soon they mijihf beslvte. If there were any hostile tee Ireland toward this couutryj ne*coi nis Napoleon might not fimjuy hv Imy from Cork, or fromficnption, but forbids fthat anything in the OKOAMZATION OF THE COUPS.—GiuseppeSistori, 7oclock,the numerous sentriessurroundingthewri- ful—we have now ascertained from every"law- worth than the sympathetic plaudits of his ad- way of subscribers' letters or editorial comments Chief of the,Staff;. Crespi, Manin, Calvino, MiAjoulci, ter e house and the bank were very much alarmed, and yer that the- subscription is strictly an illegalJKussiahasprotestedxnoststrougly again*! the in- - iraetwn of neutrality.General, who dismisses official* or sends them to your readers' gafee—more definite reports of what tions on the other side. / The newspaper organs of;Gri«iotti, Bdichetta, Bruzzisi. one. Whither it would be advisable ou the ? Tt'irr, first Aide-de-Camp of the General; Conni, .carried their .muskets in hand, ready to fire- in any di-rection, appearing, at thesame time, exceedingly- ner- part of.the Government to prosecute, and'whetherthey vous and excited. wo>W get a conviction, i» another question; but it isThere is a report in Naples that a telegraphic dis- POdoubt the place Of the Government to give expres-mirers. Each last word from Haly is snapped at, soto speak, by our Paris public, greedy of news from •state that an order of the Minister quadrates wellshould ' be published tlaireanent. It is but fair to activity and irregular restlessness of the French ttiat quarter. Later and—it is to be hoped, for .enough with Government treatment of subscrip-Lainoriciere is at loggerheads with Cardinal Antorelh. No Italian eaa stand the impetuousMontanari, Baudi, Stagnetti.Giovanni Basso, Secretary to the General.COMMASDxna OK COMJ-AMES—Nino Bixio, Com- patch has been received from Tunis: apprising fix* sion to their opinion on the subject in this House. If'The state of jouraalisin in Paris is stronger thanand religious press {vidduit ultra Montagnard re- cljer's fidelity would require a column; to explain it mies of Italy and for Italy.- To help them with aie on every occasifijiiojexpresd our sympathies byThe Italia^ Cardinals have adopted the principle of*'Italyfor';theItalians,"anddonotwishtoseethe startedonhisSicilianexpedition,thelegitimate everbefore.Tosetit/orth.withamerechroni- :Jftaliuns!—TheSiciliansarefighting,againstthoene- allysuspended.TheOpinionNationalsannounced, liaVahna?Thosejura,paralleliijstances,andifwenipttola-idsome30, uhli rty on its shores, i|>©ffice» ane fcp&ttmenU in the Bomon 3tetes ligions press, which "worships God as though thofthree ox four, "Will yooireaders hew with apara- Italian..;."I pies with four steamers, which ve«»»ele had been sent we we in amity, youinay|say what you like about the, would be oue of th:^^m 'ZXaZg&xst^^-**,**MMOMMMJ W W SwKwM'wiW.feuWiit^fiii' U „• I.U.tMklkM*dmt**»*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069vUntitled Document• . m .mywww.fultonhistory.comname of Heaven, hearken not to the voice of those who spreadpg over the whole island."cram themselves at well-served tables. '•'-,',L e t us arm. Let us fight for our brothers; to-mor-j GARIBALDI'S PROCLAMATIONS. I-Three Of Garibaldi's proclamations—to,the Neapolirow we can fight for ourselves.; y, . ,A handful of brave men, who have followed me in tanArmyj to the inhabitants of Naples, an* to thebattles for our country, are advancing with me to the Sicilians-j-iave already been given. The following,rescue. Italy knows them. They always appear at addressed to the Romans, makes it appear that the the hour of danger. Brave and generous companions;of at 6:30 p. m. by the Neapolitans, who, nowever, ten no such p|o$amaiion, you will oblige me by insert-that a part of Garibaldi's expedition has landed in could, for certain offenses, be assassinated. The state-Calabria, and that the insurrection, already most tri- ment of the Solicitor-General had attracted attentionumphant in Sicih'j now threatens Naples and the Nea- on the Continent,land his opinion had been widely dis- politan provinces m the peninsula. It will be readily seminated; butJhe-;(Mr. Hennessv) contended that, ac-follows: 'trine had been laid down by Lord" Lvndhurst. For the first time the.Govemmcnt ofEngland was affordingI take advantage of a brief respite to drop you a linerespecting our movements. As we were obliged to The Elettrico came in from Palermo this morning, encouragement, if not something more, to filibusteringNAi>r,ES,'Mayl2; 1860.Government. She was nent'otf the night before la«t to cruise inon, got foul of the police with knives, and killed and woundedseveral. Some of the people also were wounded, and by degrees ment in Ireland for the Pope's army was debated atsearchofGaribaldi,whohnsnotyetbeenfound. Wehavebeen yvorae off than ever these lant two days—constant demonstrations,Messina on the JBtb." The city wi 'still quiet."mIn the English Ilouse of Commons, on the I7th inst.^spiring together to promote iusurrection in a friendly- foreigncountry. ; . 'I am not about. to enter into the question of enlist- ment in Ireland, That is not properly the question.)Va%Pi JSIt .'':>4•WMMMWMMappointed by a Government elected by.>.:T« att-••.  