^^^^m -<• Han I ncrttoldyoo so ;" to which the',fnr Klmmelstiel at har father's house'4MiMr, "IwaatyoatogotoMr. Becker, and gee ifblO 14 b30 1414I, tart hatea"-1 noan tbawaa nOtprawBtivhea ItDiTorce Snit-AWife'sSteryric Expertcace.of kerDeasea-32,400 R. Patrick43,000 16^000^iiifthit ttiey ««niiwttaatifiadtbatlnaoald.Witness used at ire arilx o'clock In the morning. ! JtotMBialned thsfe till sboot seran, when he would in charge. Kim- eallad there as often as once a month, and ' ^huikUBOlai with the method of the business there.''SuperiorCourt.jill'jlli si ilMi iTjiiln'a iif tTir jnwrbs tftt*! to tt» in.Theanswer admitsthemarriage, and that the plain-. . .-:^.gOM to breakfast, leaving Karples pijijtflthat he had always been kind and telthfui, and had always provid-I3 •—to be any recognition between and Kaiylaa, aay mora than between strangers.1had not bem able after search in every prob- tf^ place, to init any one of the orders on file, upon trtich Klmmelstiel had received at different timesthe stall tothe In plaintiffs2H«—Iof January, 1650, assignedtruf t to pay off their "debts for cattle purchased by them to supply said stall, about the 1st of May, 18S9. Tbe plainitffs then leased the stall temporarily, untilDraftsand ei^ty-oae barrels. No other orders -Mn -^'^"g Aoai thair pnyer place. Witness had wtaaan Ftrr't* sinoa the last of June. The last en- aode by him in the delivery book, (shown to wit- tessj was on the 28th of June. The book was y^Biik the ezalustre charge of Karples, though Messrs.tmoijyh^diadThe tenants continued In possession imtll the middle of June, 16S9, when they were forcibly deprived of and ejected from the stall by Edward Coeteilo, a butcber, one of the defendants herein, then and still a member of the whostillretainsthestall Dur- their tenants theBoard of Aldermen and Thursday night,signed by theNo flour is sold at the aillj except Passover flour, and a printed bill ofingplaintiffs bypaidbutit isquite likelythatBiiin ami lliiinis had access to it.;itila wMaWays ^en with that.Jir. Ata^anaJkS.Latu, the next witness, testified^mA he beioaged to the firm of Lawrence, Lane <fc D4a Ihs ln» iiiiffhssen flour of Dowse ib Co., whicht.,ts dflivaiad at Becker's mill, inhere it is madeMarkets,hanos of Charles G. Cornell,—— Bancker vs. Lawrence.Finding ofafter 'ttaittaiMst of Karples, witness heard a conversatloQ at Ike JaMnoD Market Court, between Reaney and the iiaim«r said to ttie latter HowHilton, J. facts Eettled.TkePeoplevs. McGinley.—Judgmententeredon recognizance vacated on payment of Sheriff^s fees.and sohaequently to Toronto, in Canada, /his wife iulowed him; she remained thera /aH4'ltat a liBw' weeks, until Ills rearrest ; while Kar- |m was tn Canada, and before his wife went, she besaidtoherThat the stalls in the new markets, from time to time, built, and stalls becoming vacant tn old markets, have been, by this Commit^e, in various ways dis- posed of to the butchers and others. In some cases;yen can setale the matter of the floorfive tl.OOO or $1,300, >/ ifr. Hecker unit rttum tJutheyhaveSome oftkem thus selling for over $4,000.20 Bank of America. .100 100 do ilO 27f^ 20 Canton Company. . U}i 300 do 27Ji 60 Del &H. C. Co.... giii SeoilL Cen. R. Sp.. .elO 58m* tcUckJtelutUUUnaaay ; if he will not do ao, I waai you to write to Canada to Benry, (Kar-8 13Pac.M.Steam.Co.^3HJtmrMbuiltin the have beendlstril>- neighborhood. They..73J4 ..S3 73k 73S4bSS 73 SIO 73HnsUtel saidways.everyease those the stalls receivingIfresh meat inquarters, j<dntsorlonrlist, and cent, on some of theway i'S>2 Railwaya floor dealer, but only a baker.sons bom sellingpieces, except In the maikets.Reaney at the time offered to sell fifty barrels of A11ef:any cheap; witness bad known prisoner twelve years ; he bad always borne a good character.tbe same rules.That about the year 1833 the Common Council morigages. New-York Central at one time com-tlnutea rtinnwd a verdict of OiUUy.T*e prisoner was very much affecte'l by the resuHthat whatever may have been paid for the cigars, ifthov were Invoiced below the actual market value off ucli wlthintent to evade the pay- uiiloles at tbe time,ment of (luues, the goods were subject to forfeiture.1 he jury, after a Short absence, brought In a verdictfrom Halifax of the amount on board, with a view to the purchase of return Exchange-d gave very noisy wmonstrations of bis grief laof theandTlie ad-"What will become of my efeUorea. Let me see them before 1 am taken awny." '"Be was then remanded fbr sentence, and the Court till this morning, at 10 o'clock, to Uiten to toi the writ of iabeat arftu In the Jef-flwdsease.iMiiimng and exdaindng,'> Ctm/tt ef Geaeral Seaatana. :., iMIkBL* BT A POLICXMAX.imasacted in this Court yesterday > waa the trial of two causesClaimofMcBpedonandBakei^SIetieBfar closing aiaudaniua imalnat Che CeasptrelieKnko to»k .fpt lhat,Mi^ ItraMDted'u erldenfl*_•' '« . r,.,3laaM^mkUmo nqj^a tt tte booksi reoonis of eariy thla .joining, aad d$lii«r«d^ ^^%lown«r ofUmtkat there Is now the' fmlher snm of $80,000 <lue to them under such centraet, wkloh the Board of Bnperrlsors have pro-wu jellSof Jon* iMt tlM jwontQ tafBtaUa; {m> 1 J tha pcnoD taefore Ida 'feni who csme toUtoflae; 4Hia Xatluai did ««t kaaw tf «U•nAMHM thfttlie; that wia Ua 4g- tt* Mpa?i tlw oartttaMB.'jkM the oraw ^STVnlted Btat|M ine;hu«l on iberight to help ber brother la his resistance. The jury after a brief consultation, rendered a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged.ASSAULT OH A POLICKltAIf.Ernest Truttus, indicted for felonious assault, waa a determination was a precedent reqnlrement in or-ey nM dMlJIn Um claim to aodfik irtdc^ Uihain testifiedSPECIX LIST OP NOKTH 8TAB. A.G.Ro«eBbaiimftCo.$is.3no Kirbv. Byrne ftCo.. 10,090Uovrl'd ft Aspinwail, 33.231 Ja>. Patrick ft lk>imM wta loaaHed mnext pat to the bar. In this cace tbe complainant wasOfficer who, on the 20th of August hist, had Eldiige,gone to the virinity of Stanton-street ou some busl- ness connected with his official duties, when, hearing theory of murder, he went into the crowd and saw the prisoner with a long sword In his hand, which be brandlsbeo threateningly. The officer in:erfered, and received two stabs, ime In the back aad one in the breast. The sword was subsequently found con- cealed In a bed, having about three or four inches of the tip covered with fresh blood. Witnesses were introduced who testified that the prisoner was intoxicated, and having been put out of a saloon on this account, had obtained the sword, and gone to take vengeaoee on those who he considered had Isiured him. Physlclaus tastlflad to the nature of the wounds, which were severe. Theder to make these proceedings legittmate.Decision reserved.James T. Brady and J. W. Edmonds for relatorsGaiitito; JgdtoczaaOaiBMr. Ofaohoaaito the latttta au'Ui tlgBatiira to therDeootaa lOWiM that foekaeoanewaa as-troller._ft.Co '13,600 4,900 Taaffe.MeCahlllftOo. 60.383•oQwtlntotofair azaiiihiedjpaper^aaUril who rigaed tba f^ierB«fsre JwtlM Lcoomrd.Merritt., Naylor12 512 10,000 8,000 120,133,» woot ItHM^aa'aeoBsd, and^ttto he ahmild.ttottthe DMiiet ituniMT al kMW apoBt the matcer, Mr. Oonohae I'le Oh irtth your Ashing excursion ontela adjoaiaed to TneadayviiMt air Oyar hmtTeraslMr. "IflMiiilTir i#nai tatur <u8i—mntscB in thi~.a Im^Utm'Smm, «b. TbUadg^^nilM the Jott in ri~Hf«aM.«<niitay>afterhaTlasbeenootorerthirty la vanllet of murder in the second de-— Margaret Moncrief vs. John Moncrief. Thisaction is brought for a limited divorce—from bed and board. The parties are highly connected in the Cify, and possessed of some means. They were married in Match, 1837, kut have not realized that amount of happiness that may reasonably be expected by those of agreeable dispositions when thus united.The plaintiff tells a platBtlve story of her experi-ence, aad withal dlsaustinc. She avers that the de- N.Toit, t)«o.» ..SlW^KrlSS a2,ISl.lS7 StS.Ul,-7<3 3^966J93exceptha Darei, to hlf Jutowl-^. Duncan,ftCoDtononov o» hwmistml.Mai of Klmmwlstlel, for reoelTiogBBcacad <b the preneai day, waacned to throw tke plaintiff on the flre and closing quotations for Onrrency and Bichanga to- ArchibaldM.AUerUm,Jr.,ctal.vs.DataelE. roasther.andnpoaothersubsequentoccasions,dar>B*moh.r. tiatntt, being recalled, testifiad—ThatiMranee, fe Co., had some twenty diiferent ^4BaMaa< toir own, which wvold oarer be put upon .^lifptaiM (0 aay oae daaiovea If desired. Tlwrev'«*)N other ttaada, hawever, which were pot upon'~The action is brought by the plaintiffs to recover thepossesion of said stall, claiming the same as as- stove, with such force as to knock dOMm tne stove-signees of the former owners, it involves the much- pipe, by which her head was badr bruised, and her Keatacky ,Ba'idbetee JudgeKiawialstlelaasllwashaiiil liililjiin that you ooold buy no stall has ooEt himopenlyin like manner expended.Holbrook vs. Holbrook.ed, and defendant ordered to pay plaintiff $30 in foil for her costs.;tlten asked he ^lad paid for <he last twenty bar- [•oMalaed ; he said he did not remember, ' 'Mid.thatha navar had taken a bill for any flour VMiBit of Karples ;^ he said he obtained the flour on'^la^^aitm tMaeh Kaiplea had written in his,Mut9 ontheptevtooaevening, tigned " L. L. 4c Co ;" "St Mid he binight flour of Karples a number of ttmes >linie. a>i hadatsnys paid for It as soon as he got it ; no ' iu'iras aoU by any of his firm, or br any employe, .'Spq^^inhot IMkof Jtine.l8M; befomltfae larceny, etdenno^wltness'firm were signed L. L. A Co.j .j^ataea tkaitimethey have been signea differently; his' jlhwn n^versold flour In his life pnsoi.er any;l.OOOTenn. 8. S'SilW.. 73 200 doment of tbe Dutch after the surrender to the English, Vir. SUteC's.... lih 260 Hariem B. Pref13J4 •i-.nn bIS33kpriceMotion granted.MONETARY AFFAIRS.Balce at tke Stack Bxekaase—Dxc 14. (19,000 U.S. 3's, "^i.Cou 90 7U> Harlem Railroad.. 13^-l'witnessandthem in possession.granted.;have beengivenI am willmg toThey as of right te owners of stalls In old markets on their being torn down, and new ones;proc-.. 30,000 20,133 L.VonHoirman ft Co. 60.000wai la La-—ECFBXIfX COintT SPECIAL TKBII.; what had beenCorning, jUunVM.mfll;"therewasnoreply,whenReaney Afterthestallwas-takenpossessionofbyCostello,'Siii'TiyiliijrnnUad *> Yob havedefendants,of Markets, to replaceAfter the matter for a delayinglong tin.e, they have neglected to take any actionupon itThe history of the markets, the charters and or-dinances, and the laws of tbe State respecting mar- kets, are referred to by counsel, for tbe purpose ofshowing the rights of the Corporation to establish, build and regulate the markets under the Govern-Motion Ac. ofMalcolm, Receiver,'» stnaM hartal/and geneidly even with tliat. kets, and of the original disposition of the stalls, I), ttn. JMgittta' ItmiUt next testified that since the which they continued to have until 1849, when all arraat vi har hmtend she has lived with her father, executive power respecting the markets was taken4W)City6s'871.000 N. K.CcBtraiea. toit 81 Clsve., Col.kCin.R. 90 3,000 Erie R. Bs. 1873 (1 10 do 89H 1,000 111. Central R. B. 8834 U) uich. S. k N. 1. R.. an l.too do gek 600 do3,600 do 88 460 do2,000 1.aC.&MU.L.G.B. 14 200 do9,000 C. kS.V. 8. F. b 74 100 d}2 0O« C. fe », W. 1st M 40 SO do> liiBtl ; after Karples* srrest he ran away to Pat- from them.13J; b38 14was stniak over the head andoafw I a*I<waasey«ra] times kneekad down.taatl»wiy was Eurodoeed eontradictlog prevjooswlt- neeves, tnd the Judge charged that if more force were u»ed in making the arrest than was needed, or if thepen sadkeoatract at Tarloas times asannnWoginfte morrow night The calcnlation is thhtthe Atlnn-tarty arretted were not at the time In the act of a }Hon> or a breach af the peace, the officer dia wrong m theTTuited States exoept one i the iDBsUag the arrest, and the complainant had afasea to draw bis warraat for tbe payme:it of tbesame, on tke ground that tbe amount had not been ju-dicially determined to be trite. It Is claimed by therelators that this proceeding will determine that Bullion in this City by this day week. Another q'nestlbn. remittanceof$1,225,000,Dec.1,isadvisedfromuted by lot. the drawers paying a premium fixed on -^psa^Kf^atimilhirMr^iKtiiiitSOOi/icin/l lemtme the stall drawn by him. They have been sold at lOON. Tr. C. R..•>Wi nttiplftr 1k*/lomrf Levi said he would go and private sale. Tbey have been given to applicants 316 do aee Mr. BecKer ; afterwards went to prisoner's store, gratuitously. Tbey have been disposed of In other 1025 doii» order or her ntisband, to get some money; Klm-"I will give yon t25 or tse, and if Heti- rmmil gme'me tfiM rtceipt, I u-ili givt him liiOO ; >/ Btnrf kmd dtalt alon* with meke and 1 would both have got nek, ami tuto^ tUe tutuld. have /(mnd it out ;"witness was married to Karples in the jFebruary pre- eadlag the July of his arrest ; she has one chill, an tahmt at the breast, which is very weak and sickly.But inhave taken them on condition of paying in addition20O do300 do260 do100 doS60 do2(0 Erie hailroadSO do 160 dofAi£«n>, sister of the last witness, then testified infta samrr words to the conversation between Kimmel- edged this right, and acted in conformity therewith, 100do do do dn3S-H 60 39)4 100 39\ 60do. 47? do., 47)4 do. blo tinaUel and har father, relative to paying money for aileaeing the matter.and thut upon such sale the stalls bring to the said owners from $300 to $1,000.26 8 lOO86 Erie Railroad $18,OCOT7.S. 3't, '71,Cou ,1002,0O0C.8. &§, '71, Reg «S 100 do6,000 U.S. 5'8, '7i,C.s30 89 133 Hudson RIv. RMr. BmeitT next testified that he was special DeputySheriff; he and his partner, Geo. Matsell, bad re-ceived $2,0T0 90 for services in cunnect'on with theflour larceny ; his own time speiit was 87 days, for mium money paid. That no record is or ever has whichbecharged$10aday, besides disbursements130 39 160 Chic, B. & Q. R.. U 2lCel., L.k W. R... 74; ke had served a summons on Klmmelstiel as a wit- ness In the Karples ease be remarked at that time tobeen made or of the holders, the kept originalts sl0 27i4 39)43«0 33*^That, conseqfteutly,],0OOTenn. St. et,'90.6,000 do4,«10 do6,000 UliBouri State 6s 6814 lie ChicBar. &q. R.. 63)4;If what I hear is correct, it will pliice'lOOHarlemII apptaiMll >y im attlwiii'i' adduced that Mathew warrant upon the Vewwa, flw lUaitrf thMOBldalnan^ had a dlfflsol.frlMbah tJ/ttrnMrn Itoarva^edlDthenlKHMT,The next receipts, by thj Atlamtie and Persia, will probafily be on orderssent from thta side aboat 17th or 21st November. JJIieealJfenri* atekkMr fcr ITot. 21 wrriowdMUaec^aei. |Ir.p|llHft;fJSI'!!.* ** es^lliifrftKtiiMiwiiirilHifnr nrmR^iiTT 'imi' fc^towed ^°yout some rendered a ver- time,are as shown their last made, byafterdict of gniity of assault with intent to do bodily harm. The prisoner was then sentenced to State Prison for two years and six months.remainingjury,The Court adjourned to this morning at 1 1 for the purpose of Imposing sentences.portsis as follows :B«for« Jads* H«ffw»o.tory,in December, 1838, tbe oefendsnt threat,Delman, City Intptctor, <t al.—This Is a motion for an injunction rcstralukig defendants from selllog or transferring stall No. 402 Washington Market.ing the Winters of 1838 and 1830, repeatedly threat- ened her life. In May, I8SS, ha la charged srith having so beaten her that she for several weeks bora upon her person the marks of his craeltjrand violence. On one occasion she was thrown against theviolentlyday :New-Tork, Now-Iaclaad aad E. Jersey. West Jersey a»d Philadelphia BaltiaMre. and lat. PannsylvaniaInt Harylaadvexed but never clearly decided question of ttw rights dfmitchers aild other owners onfusmtbae(r^ Ionftshtealmlsarinkeatlsl to such stalls. And when themarkeu In tbe and their value from the City, rangingtSOO to $0,000, Is considered, it Is a case of no small moment to a large class depending upon those stalls for their support, and having, in many cases, all their capital inve^ted in them.The fads of the case, as they appear from the affi-said stall was owned and occupied by Banfield A Makeeven, partners, as a stall for the sale of beef by the quarter, tioth on commission and on their own account. Becomingembarrassed,theyonthe4thdayarmbuuied.The plaintiff claims that property in her own rightmakes ner annual income about $2,100, and avers thatOhio andIndianaN. * 8. Carolina, Georgia and Alabamadavits and that in tbe Fall of 1838, the complaint, are,;The was the stand in her oim be- plaintiff put npsnhalf, and the case oroceeded and is still on.R. * 8. H. Stafford for plalndff; D. D. Held and8WcC.unn,SwartwontandFinefordefendant. Relief tmr tke Baperlar Ceart.they could permanently dispose of it.Board of Councilmen,stone In <he Park be and the buildingsame is herebyall this tfme therent of the stall to the officers of the Corporation, which was received by them with full knowledge of all the above facts. Costello Is withcharged obtaining the permit he holds for the stall b^an offer of (300, as a bribe to Joseph Coming, late Superintendent of and^with actually sending Ihim $200, by the then a member of the Board of Coui^ilmen, now a member of the Board cf Aldermen, $100 of which was paid by Cornell to and that Cosiello asserts that theDeclalans.the plaintiffs appliedspectorand charter.to the charter of 1730, and under Uiat 1,0004,000 do 78>« 160 doprevious$3,000,to the Superintendentthe In- City—MotionMatter of Assigned Estate of Nelson ^ i£mueL—It is shown that soon after the charier of 1T30. the Maiket Committee of the Common Council were in-Slit 136 do 44 87 j. 100 do 47)4 99 60 do SW47143,000 do<ni almjagaTa abpi wiib every lot of flour, above trusted with the almost exclusive control of the mar- 1,000 Oal. Bute 7abeensoldfora at premium public13Jj auction. 7000C.*H.WJdM17 130M.So.&N,I.O.8.liHthe market fees from time rentCand. .«3 73Ji lOOCal. kChl R.opg. e2!Sito any premium,to time fixed, and complying with the ordinances of the Common Coudcil.That by the immemorial custom of the markets in this City, the original holder of a stall has the right to sell, mortgage, lease or otherwise dispose of the same, and that the Corporation have always acknowl-.aio 73S 100dodo...^ Clev. & T^.do. do. dop. be. 63That it has not been the custom of the City to give any written evidence of the title of the original hold- ers of stalls to them more t?ian a receipt for any pre-BCCOHD SOAXB.changes of ownershlD, or the present holders of stalls.Kthe holders of the several stalls have no evidence of their right to them except their7372)4 200 do 72!4 JOORealIng Bb30 It 13>4Klmmelstiel,TO« in a different positliHi from that which you haveoeen occupying ;" he replied that be had never boughtaay flour of Karples : had bad nothing whatever to do mind been licensed by the Corporation; and that In 6,000 do §3067 ISO do 64whom he bad bought the flour.There were no further witnesses called for the peo-but that such licenses do notany right not already held by them to the stallsthat no one, by virtue of such license, can dispossesspergonal.That in addition to their other:260 Mich. So.hN.I.G.S. 27)4Reaney offered on one occa- alOB to seS fifty barrels of the Allegany brand at a re- 4Bced rate ; ttus was hs the presence of the witness, ttc prisoner and one or two others ; Reaney offered eaca to tell the witness all the Alleeaay flour he wanted ; sometimes Reaney gave the witness a bill of sale with the flour that he bought, but not always; vltaeSs had known the prisoner twelve years, during ^^dehtlme he had always borne agood character; va^Bntes had aooie of the bills of sale which he had fiaUail fton Saaaey, tmt did not bring them to72)i. te the Spring of 18Mor to;those desirinfronly,regu--lalaoner eight or nine years. He had borne a good •'fltaaacter during that time.^ jBiutmve Frank testified to the good character of theriiojer. whomhehadknowntwoorthreeyears..> Bl»taatlmony to this purport was corroborated by that a< Utf^ WkUkemd, Spurn XXaridson; Isaac Fisher, '^Cterbr SHsfOMSS, Benjamin Bernard, Albert Nostran. JadrtwJ. U,JbMMCU|aodIsaiaAW.WaUer,whowere raspeettyd^ tworp.Ko f^irther ^ItBMMa. were introduced, and Mr.anith somnwd Spfor nie defence, at great length. Be «•« Mlowed by Mi'. Dorle, for the peopie.That by a law of the State passed in 1823, the Com-mon Council were authorized to regulate the butchersin the City, to prohibit any one but licensed butchersfrom carrying en any branch of the business of abutcher, and to fix the times and places for carryingon the butlness. That subsequent to that act, the The accounts in the morning pa- Common Cotincil about 1621, by ordinance, prohibited livery. politicalCeen wifli him: tlie occasions of his purchase offrom Washington were not regarded with'i> it MSI adl had always been at the time ot thelicensed butchers to on the any but carryperslavor,received in the course of the day in reference to the withdrawal from the Cabinet of the Secretary of State. But until after tbe contracu and deUve- ries ol the day were completed, no marked attentionr«;4ehadaatB booghtofthepilapner, thoughelse tnan in the markets and; also prohibited all per-Insa^itl CWtfsantk next testifled thatReanay badeilladflBbimi soiMtiaeslace, andlnqoiredifhehad *feoaght any of the stolen flourt witness said he didnt anything about the flour; Reaney then re- d that he would put this matter through, if bead to spend a barrel o(%old.Utrritz Sttnu next testified that he had purchasedAoar of Reaoev two years ago next Spring, at the mi ; he could not say whether or not it was Passover:J»km J. FHedmtm was next caUed to testily to his minutes of Mrs. Karple's testimony on a former trial,flor the purpose of impeaching her.Ptt€T Lang ntxt testified that be had known the;Conmdtleemen, ;1821,possession.That the butchers in tbe markets have time out of. 'wtthfalm; and that he hadn't seen the nan yet, of each license the stall to be occupied by him Is me n- 12.0«e do 68 70 Mich. So. ft X I. R. 13)4tioned;givethe holders200X11. C.R. Scrip .S558aie, and fiw defence opoiad with the testimony orWoelf Krmtntkal^WUMtu stated that he had an occupant of a stall ; that the licenses are merely lOON.Y. Central B... 73)4' 30Clev., Col.kCin.R. 90baag^floOT AfReaneyat'ttemill, as much as eightdodododododo60 Mil. ft Miss. E..BlO na 200 Gal. ft Chic. R.pftc 62 731( 30 Clev. ft ToLR..... 24^50 do 24*j60 do 24)4 72!i 100 do M^,he Bad alao known a man by thelOO 66 ISO 360haiiiils at^atime ;aaBM of Sterne to boy flour there in the same w ly wHtaeas had seen the prisoner buy Passover flour andthe Market r^rant per- mits for stalls, revocable at their pleasure, to those de-about.^tka kinds of flooi <n Reaney at the mill; this was siring them that these permits were intended for 260stalls for a short timelate the use of stalls becoming vacant, and until apurchaser or permanent occupant could be found for them.andprohibitedbusiness, thesg from carrying It on anywhereand furtherdiscoaraging dispatcheswerepowers, authorized toS3 73 73o'clock,fendant is false to hM marriage yows to love, cberlsh and protect her, so far that he has become absolutely cnicl,andeventoiitaltowardsher. BlseaaduothasBoion, Dve. IS. .. s<^,eu Ii7ii4,^s i^itn vuMVr Plill».,Dce. 10. .. »7,om,tw7 ii,in,s47 s,667/i«T i;im;i9( H.Orlema>,D««. .. 10,M8,5a< i6,58i,«a« ii/nj,sM <,a6M<4«us,«i.i9i siso.iu.ago »M,sa6,sn ti6,iu,uo j»,io»,.-i4J iis,««i,ssi a«^a3« »6>7£s9a;and,The Comptroller oontnids that there Is no mch a San Francisco as on thebody legally exisilog as the Commlsslonersof Record.He f^ilher ooutends that this is not the proper the Specie list by the North Star to-day. mode of determining tbe question at issne—that suchiBtercadBR te Stall-ewaera la tke City Mark- been such, as she relates, that she' bas beencompelled to leave him ud sedt a better pro- tectiim in Independcnee. Aeooralng to this his-Totftl.. Lwt week. lAfttrcftr..eta—litlei Paascsale>> dee.—EUPXSIOB OOUBT SFXCIAI. TUIlt.i3i,>7i,M0 itt,TiS.iaThe following are Tbompsoh A BaoTHus'That about 18)5 the Common Council passed an or-dinance anlhorizlng the Market Committee to grantpermits revokabic at their pleasure to any one theymight think qualified to sell meat by the quarter in was given to politics—the prices current ^through such parts of the markets as they might tliluk proper.But such permits could not be granted to a licensed butcher by the express provitjinsof that ordinance. That these permits were intended as a qualified butch-cent, on the sales of yes^terday on the State and Rail-er's license, and to be governed bypassed an ordinance directing the Comptroller, under the direction of tt:e Market Committee, from time to time to lease, at auction or otherwise, all the stalls la the markets they might think proper.Motion adjourned for further argument on Saturday. William Fullerton for plaintiffs; H. H.Andersonmanded 74} cash, while the same Stock sold at theafternoon Board, the news waa (where politicalmore felt,) at 7Si®73®72J ^ cent. The State Stocks also gave way (from the top rates of the moniing,.and the Western Shares lost their firm- ness. At the very close of business the quota- tions were about as follows, the figure* averaging 1 ^ ^ cent, below the best prices of the morning :for defendants tello.;H. P. Townsend for defendant Cos- ___^__BcTcnne Canse—UndemlaatloB. Betor« JokSm EMU and ft Jarj.CNITID STATIB DISTBICT CODRT—Dec. 14.The United Staiei vs. Five Cases marked L.Central Erie Galena Toledo Rock Island Missonris72)tI IllinoisCentral 38)428)4|Readtag 33 «lJi Parlfic 7\)In favor of the -lalmant.Jortiie United States. Mr. WllooisoB ;ant, llr. Craig and Mr. Webster.vance in Bank and Bankers' bills, on actual sales,This waa an action to brought46 4fl I Michigan Southern... 13 !iK.,conlainingCigars.—forfeit the goods for an alleged undervaluation by the importer, with intent to evade the payment of duties. These cigars were imported in February, 1839, froman oo- Hall, of thb City. They were Invoiced at $1,314, andatlnate one never. All tboela be striving to arrive at on an appraisement at the Custom-house their value of money and exchange affairs noticed yesterday)Th» Tialao thim nhatitiil tie inry that they must dCs-raeard theMet *hat two Prevloas juries had disagreed.They ahooMSadeavar & sgiee. An Intelligent man Havana, by S. Aleman 'yDolx, consigned to Rivera & isfiOXiMlch. Guaranteed... 26 Financially the vievy of the market to-dayoften Is Infloeuead by the opinions of othersdecidedly good.The in the tone improvement;the same ooaclnsion,—the tmOi. The jury must find,in the first of sour had been place, that a larceny theand, in the second place, that »e prisoner had received the flour, knowing that itwas fixed at $1,762, an adr.Hiicement of their value of about 16 per cent Tbe appraisers were called as wlt- sestes and testified to the correctness of their ap-evidence taken by commission as to the purchase of the cigars, the pM?e paid for them, and that there was no market value of such goods as these were at the time at UavKua, because tbelr brand, upon which thehas resulted in a larger business in mercantile pa-and in bills on England. The Banks, at their Discount sessiont this morning, took a large pro-cpmmlttedby Karplesper;and they were also sustained bv the evl- Sreanicseemoefnott,her merchants who were alao called In tokad been stolen."^ PH!^ ^^ '"*> "ked to charge, and should do estimate the value of the cigars. The clslmaat gave portion of their offerings, in some instances allao, that if the jury beUeved that Karples had had the.C'fff"?!"; ""^ ^°'" intruded to blm at the time of Ito-sale, his fraudulent sale of it would not bo larceny,that was offered within Bank rule as to date, and outside of Bank improved currency was given toand In thatfirst-class paper al from 12 to 18 ^cent. InEx--WOMjnleinenttin tte employ of Hecker wiihoui having pos-f** Uroeny ; and the pnsoonr recetvlaK It ^,«Dder such eircumstsnees, woulj be luUtvevent the prisoneriMM^OB^UMarged. U, however, Karples was only a market value depended, was not well known, and he change the operations were much heavier in;* ^theretore claimed, on the other hand, that the invoice valueoftbegooilswastheeorrectone. Theclaimant asked the Judge to charge, among other things, that if the goods were invoiced at tbe actual^irice paid for the m, they were not liable to forfeiture, but the Judgeamount than for several mails past. Seine of theB^iglish shippers of Gold by the Europa causedtheif here to be advised by tele- correspondentsBOaataged against him.Thej«raagaflaOred.andafteranabsenceot afew declinedtochargein thatway,butdirectedthejurv graphEl'PAKlCE CODKT—CHAVBIBS. Before .Iii8tic« BoUiarlftBd.McSpedo/, and Baker vs. Robert T. Hates,provement in the Currency for Merchant billsdrawn against Cotton from the South or in transi-tu,andQiatoandFlourfromthisport. Theship-.The first was tkst of John C. Balllie, a police oOieer, Comptroa,T.—r\ni is an application for a writ of ment of Bullion to this side by the Europa ap-i tiiijVH«^ for swailll, sad bettepupon Mary George. mandamue, to the compelbeen mainly on speculation, as anComptroUer t> drawhis Treasury for the sum of $80,000, which sum the relators allege to be due to them un- der their contract with the Commissioner of Records. The relators set fqrth their contract with the Com- mUiiosers of Keeords, by which they were to tran-to pears hayfor claim-is about 1^ cent., or on Merchant bills from 1 to 2ia < ediiTetucae, tte., in ike Beglsler's fnj County BnlUon. The Oold by U^e JDiirspa, irom Inland, Clerks(Acs; tkepaymenttofliemofrarloassnms |MO,000,willprobablycomeoveriromfibstonto-sggrcgale to the snm of $700,000;iic, due here on Kohday, will bring an adfitioiial snm, £260,000 to £800,000 sterling, eqnal to $1,-vided for paying bv tax.The relators then tet forth that the ComptrollOT re- 260,000to; A. EL Lawrence, Jr., and H. H. Anderson for Comp-16,000 It. Header36 600 Treadwell ft Co 15 000the defendant has collected them to his own use.tents and appro|iriatad.tiff had a but denies that the defendant property, hadeoaveried her property or rents to his use. It alsodenies cruelty, and avers the contraryed well for his wife.The annexed resolntion waspassed by theMayor Friday morning Rtaolved, That trie:room now occupied by the Ofneral Term of the Supreme Court in the brown-sppropriated to tbe use of the"The relief was neededthe Justices of the Supreme Court will be dlssatl^edwith the arrtmgemenOOMMON PLEAS—SPECIAL TEBM.300 Cum. Coal fref..do 68!^ do tla68!4 do S3a58>< do SM683^ do 69 do 85 59 do 63!< do 68iiItO do807."> do..ICO Hud. River B...116 Chic. & Rk. Is. B.. 48.742954 .sI6 28SlO 2850 60 ^30^0 lipRopg. 63 25)4..b3 25*. ..bl0 2S^ 251i—Judgment of divorce grant-2.W0N. estates'!... 79)4 ISO Beadiju Railroad lI.OOOHIssourla. 6'B... 67 23 Mich. Cen. B... 810 481.600 ChLtN.W.lstM. 401 000 Chic.ft R. bl. Bs. 8920Amer.Ex.Bank...87 ilCO do 683i 26 Pac. Mail 8S. Co . 79 I 60 do 58)*160S3. . .. 8160 Chic, ft R.I. R... 47FaisiT, Dec. 14—P. M. The Stock Exchange opened with considera- ble firmness this morning, mainly upon the finan- cial look of affairs, and on the known ofscarcity some of the speculative Stocks for immediate de-the day showing an advance of \'3)2in advance of the actual receiptsthis, in some instances, was done to-day.Gold,24 IMichiganCentral...^ cent. The former we quote 103^104, salesId's105; the latter 101®103 ^cent.The greatest good is accomplished by this im-Exchange operation..Untitled Document..33)«$1,600,000, and tbe Pn-tvi, doe here on Thursdaynext,alikeaam—inchidhig, altogether, an addition of Jour million dollars to the stock ofOr<ter.B. CohnftC*Wni. Hogeft CoEpplngerft CoD. Rham'ft Co."Wm. t^eligmanft Co. 30,000 Oonroy ft O'Cmnor.E. Kelt; • Co 70,000 Am. Exchange Bank 70,000 T. H. ft J. 8. Bacon I4,0«0 Baker ftJ. Eeller ft Bra 60 000 JeonlnKS ft Brewster.Z kirstein ft Bro... 10,000'W.T.ColemanftCo. 40.000J. Btranss. Bro. ft Co, 37,000 Wells, Fargo ft Oo. ..230.000TotalThe movement of the Banks in the fourprincipal cities of the Union, in wiiich weekly re-statements,Virginia aad TennessMeiessoari and lewa. Ulinola, Wisconsin,Free Indiana-Loulsiaaa.MobileCanada and iiuokiganDrafts aad Cheeks on Phlladslphia Drafts and Cheeks on Baltimore Drafts and Checks on Boston Drafts and Cheeks on Chicsgo Drafts aad Checks on St. Lools. Drafts and Checks on Detroit DraflsandChecksoaNew-Orleansaad Cheeks an CincinnatiWIXKLT 8TATBIIIHT OP THI BXW-0BI.XA]r8 BA1CK8.way.The is followingtLOtt^lSllfsUs- SfMl*. OlnalMtoa..$1A)83^1340,it»,iB n,u.i;aos Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 