 (• «B«, Bermuda. July S, I860. Majesty's navy, whose name established before entering into engagements of that sort. line whig (pretty math democrat, au 1 intensely aoti- I beheve is Murray, comi nding the Skipjack, having put a number of men, with an officer, on board the brigantine Virginian, under m y command, With directions to remain en board, I have the honor to acquaint von thit I look upon such an act aa one of unjustifiable aggression, and I claim from you, aa American Consul and the representUive of the Anurican people, redress. 1 resign the command during the democrats,five,making50,thenumberofmemberscom- interruptionofrayrights,andIclaimfromyoutheprotection posingbothbranchesoftheassembly. ofmTgelfandcrewuntilsuch|timeasPcancommunicate with the American government,; I also require such accom- modation on shore aa the circumstances of tbe case lender necesnary. Ishallfeelobligedpyan immediate replytothis>.•WutCMt,C«ttlud tat Uteri*. IT* DIntracted 8U*m «fNewOCR RJBI-ATIOW8 WjrTH PERU.i sonttsses aa ooiai&aadcr-hvehiaf of the-«£tebto demands, there could be ho doubt oftwf soc-•IMy object in asking the question if he would allow me to proceed to sea, was merely Ito elicit a reply to ascertain tbe extent of his authority, as my register and my papers11'-a* I» ; •been tests abort Una when the schooner Erperanza was wreaked.SPEECHES OF SENATOR D0UGLAI,Mi Daaa Faaow—I am frequently asked what th* berboldleadingtothesuspicionthitshemightbeengagedin proachingelection. Myansweristhesameasthatwhich^-to •tootor* ffsjseised by iff of thorn having goos t e lareeostntasfls*gotagoninCarknow about it." By further inquiry we learned that the between the two countries before a row takes place, for in McCarty girl, although having nothing to cling t o , my humble opinion it were! better that a certain race bravely took bold of her younger companion, who was were exterminated from tbe face of the earth than thattoo frightened to take care of herself, and kept her headperty are already forfeited or tost.Would, then, any politiml party consistently and effoc- toalry oppose the introduction of slavery nto s Territory, it most recall every atmtasion it has made to favor ofi j. and put up Mr nth the President hisresignationwaswithdrawn.Ittonotknownwhattook placeattheconsultattoo Hetotoremainascommander- in chief * t Bogota, a n d General Parte aejajgjgjgi t h every thick aad cloudy weather, asd Immediately, on ob- serving lbs shoals, endeavored in vain to extricate the brigantine Virginian from them, b a t s h e vwryabortly struck on th* reef, a n d remained there; aad, supposingthat she could not be seen from the shore, I despatched themateaadfourmentoprocurerelief;butbeforethey « reached the land four boats, containing about thirtyam* to my rescue, and with an increasing tide and the'810 000 JenoinaahBrewster «12 000 3,800 P.NayW.. 7,500 UJM AmericanEx.Eton*..66,000 MOO Wm.He.ei6o 10,000 t,M0 l>onc*nAerme*hOo97013rropcted Meeting•/GeneralsHerran andMotqueratoI-1I I•»•*. st yA project is under consideratiot, having for its object the introduction of Swiss emigrants—600 families of that nation to become permanent settlers r the government of Costa Rica will after sufficient inJu;ement in the way of giving land.Iane and Delusion), 1: Lane, 10; three of Line's ten are also for Delusion, and Delusion has one other; republicans, 12; (this count inclu tee Logan, of Wasco, declared elect ed by the official canvas of that county). N ot classed, but one understood to be, and three elected as ant i LinelUntitled Document^UTifil of tve Aril, wiU AdTkft torn the £ ? * g g ^ ?*• " ' * • * * hsskss'ontinthanhehasbeendurLcganypreviousstageoftheoon- troversy.Uanexclusivestateroom. Theyclaimajudgmentfor •6,000.Ttes Comet.[Prom the San Francisco Times, June 30.JIfhis answers wereMNoting f t ! Accomplished by the IshBarnto* instead. After a oossniltoltou with ~• * § PI4W CEYTE1L HER1C1.ismce). grewlargeandbright,untilit.howeditselfaphenome-A they alityThat the States o f Ant ioguia a n d Panama, although have likewise declaimed against the unconstitution- o f t h e aforementioned taws, yell have rom.flrstedUhiocha Islandsthe officers a n dcommunicate with their families and friends in the United States i s v i a this Isthmus. Then again our naval squadron on the Pacific to very large, and theC.pt STORM, brig Virginian:— jQOKAB SIB—I am in possession ol your letter of this date; and,while pendlrg the decision of her Majesty's authorities touching the legality of your voyage tb the coast of Africa, I mustdecline receiving the resignation of the property u ider vourcharge, and also ef incurring any expeust son account of tbe " wbo made of one blood all nationsr" Very few of the United States government, by furnishing yourself and crew sixty thousand but would now denounce a candidate a s with accommodation, on shore. \ oi tr prot* st I deem sufficient foolish or fanatical for placing himself on any of those for any futute action ip tbe premises. Vour case, however, high grounds on which Birney stood forth so openly and shall have my mmediatf attention.African Mhfcter.PAXAXU,July14,1&O0.TheCoolieQuestioninGuatemala—ProhibitionoftheTm portattm of tbr.ian Spirit* Into Salvador—The Jkcrt*non o f great brilliancy and sublime beauty. The present comet to yet a great distance from the sun, and may be expected gradually to increase, as the tost did, until it too shall span the sky from horizon t o zenith. T h e tost,The lotendente of this State has been cssBsred far is- OVSDAYLATERFEOMCALIFOBHIA, suingthedecreeagainsttheexportationofarmsasille- gal. The Attorney General of the nation has told the Pre-CkmtideroiUnomttitvtUmal—Pvmistion Grantedtoa itwillberecollected,drewitstrainafteritwithagrand sw eep through the skies The present, as near as we can Mm Yorker to Establish a Bank—AppUtaiion ef Thomas judge from present appearances, has a straight train. ItMe.*MB.. m%sident that he should call bin to an account.General Jones leaves this for New Y» rk per the Ariel.Hecanrteewlthhim the copy of the Cass-Herran treaty,Frwscit Meagher, of New Totkjar TtolroadinaattaRiea—OppomlimtoThe Panama Railroad Company "s steamer Guatemala,J. V. Dow, commander, from San Jose de Ocatemato asd intermediate ports, arrived hero o n 4 t h instant. H e r dates are—Guatemala, June 24th; San Salvador, 20th; Ni- caragua,30th;andCostaRica, 2d test. Shebringsthe following freight:-2,900 bides, 819 seroons cochineal, 206 do. indigo, 220 bags coffee, 224 bales Indto rubber, 26 do.Tt* ateaatahippa* tost sight from AspinwaU when** eb* saited oa th*15th test.Th* Artel bring* n«t one day later newn from Califor-nia, and later sdvicea from all parts of Coitral a w l Smith America.ratioed by the Congress, this is the second copy ofthe A m i s supposed to have been testa s o •4»isaidvessel about hah*past n>r chains, nor hawsers ", by heavy thumping,to Murray's anchorage, ias o'clock P. M. A t five array, R.N,wenton, tohisnotetomy togthe slave trade. I plated an ofkeer and a guard on board to prevent any irregularities until I could communicate with her master. J. MCRRA V.Lieutenanteon findingH.B.M.S.Skipjack Ontbemorningofthe3dtost.,Lieut.Murraywentonboard the Virginian again (during which time both the mateandmyselfwereons: •e),andIshallnowquote tbeLieutenant'sownrecord thelogbook,namely:—Ariel,CaptalaMtoar, arriveda tt i l lfcraaada,was*passengerintheArielThe following to the ttewmre list of the Ariel —Thenewsbythisarrivaltounimportant.RKellyACo 64,000 Total. •enter, fell overboard and waa toet.ThePrttBt till • > law11aahtea mk at Aspinwell whew lieArtelleftthaiport. Thestoop-o8warSt,LoVtoatimOpea R e b . l t t o n -lected,to hte father-in-law. They are to meet, it is said, at Ibaque. This has inspired the belief among many that their meeting will result in restoring peace to the coun- try.President Ospina, it is well known, has been in favor of resorting to extreme measures to force Moequera intoJ..HURRAV,Lieut.Commanding edwithtbeprotectionof thepeopledoessurelysot 1 . H.B.M.S.Skipjack.that they will not take part in the actions of the other d e claiming States.!n the name of the State olBoliv*r» sua infulfilluientm y judgment, to re-8813,290of toe aforesaid law decrees.Arties*1. Th* mate of BoliTsr remains from today the approval of the United States government. Theatnarated from the present Urana-iian Cbnfoderatiua; aa 1 m eonseqoene* the national employes w h o reside in i u territory cease th* exercise of their functions, with the exception of those who merit the confidence of the execu tve power, and who always submit themselves to thd laws asd autnonties of the State.Article2.ThelegislativeAssembly,thePresident,the supreme tribunal of justice and the Attorney Generalof the Stete. shall lercise, reapecUvely and provisionally, according to the terms o f artiste second o f t h e abov-j BMstioned laws, th* administration of ail those aftmirs (heretofore)reservedtoth*governmentoftheConfodera- ttos.-trticl* A The exsentivs power wiU promote, with t h s iof the other States who save or may sepaConsul would cheerfully have made t h e same agree- ment with Vanderbilt's agent, but it could not be dona.ulonthe4th,toJointheFirstdivision,whidTwas S^OOstrooff. Csseral PasarU had left for Asttoqni* tot,m,m Weh Pssts,headedbyGeneral1.Cordova,wascanstofgreat_ the United States. Mr. CHy * were in fact separated—the husband having to oceanv •a55*l*to-oM,,lB *ff"M«MAAda»ttoactofy*A- oneroomwithtwoothermates,andthewifearoomwith iWourehvtoat;andIt to rumored that the Pen; two other females. During the passage the wife was seasick, asd suffered much by being deprived of the care sad assistance of her b'.sband, ana of the convenience ofTOTHKKD1TOBOPTBSHEAALD.Maw Yo*x\ July 99,1*09.As manythevariooajournalsofthiscitysadtog th* brigantine Virginian, t herewith enclose you for publication copies of tbe letters I have received from her captain, which will tell thejfhole story as it to.WILLIAMSHARP. Bermuda, July 7,1800.WILLIAMSHAM*,Esq., New York —DRABSot—I bars to inform you that this totter beingTHE PRESIDENCY.Oenit SmithmtheritdjwitiilHIS LETTER TO FRED.Pittforai Tfaairtrajiee,and the ''Irreprtssitle Ctntkt,"Cant Tote for Liufoij, BmkinrMlff, Eell, Douelii or Hoiitei.LittleFreedom in Our Day."He had WhotoHerranafather-in-law. Hehadligoed i sJ & W *•? * *?* stioagmnavsl force to iac* bias ThepierattheportofPisco,builtbygovernmet: rJaanea Patrickgirby,Byrne*Co..httrifcO.OrteT.J.Q.Parker48M..WSaligmaunaCo.30,000 f W«) VA*Eoutete h Bros.... S^ttO America*Ex. Bui.. 82600 The political aspect of affairs in this country have on the island.Atlaatte A f 83 On.. 18,807 Weil., Fargo A Co .173.400 changed but Utile since the departure of the tost stoaserIt appears that after the abolition of slavery on the Dodge reports all quiet at Pyramid Lake—most of the found tbe mate, but no eapUin or papers, those being onBailee * fmneer B U M Freeman & Co Oseroy A 0*Coanor.. 10,0009,200 -island the population was reduced to 10,000 whites and afew thousand idle, worthless negroes, in 1884 the Indianshore at St Georges. The salvors being about to navigate dates whom they knew to be to favor of Moaassaj th*SEWS Oar1 M B THE PansiS01TH PACIFIC.PAXAXU, July 14, 1860.Thecometwasfirstplainlyvisiblefromthiscityton I»r*eident,tocenseqneneeofa committee (c„. tract,-j,.t lengthcompleted. It!stwohundredfootbmg evening. It may. hove been seen before,butcertaintyhim, to which they asked him he his programme for the adminIstra-2d. WhowooW be his3u. How IteTBSBST JBteff telF SSSV O ffSBS' It was their intention toby thirty wide, and is supported by iron pillars. It cost not well, as for three or four evenings the sky has been upwards ot 8000,000 to construe*, to. A s omtractora are entirely overcast, or the horizon w a s obscured with fog Americans—on*ofthem,Mr.WilliamWhceiiwrgbt,well aadmist. Lasteveningaboutate*o'clocktheeccentriceopffofaidofthesailswefloatedt even P. M, Neither aawere required; bat the fatoej was knocked off. Itbenpn where we came to anchorP. M. on the 3d instant boardtthe Virginian, and, a book,1 herewith produce aFiveP.M.—Boardedtinsv<found master aad mat* on si*himself asbeingInchargeofboard.Ithereforeliftedher1tchestoverifyhercharacter. friendsoftemperanceandfreedomshoulddoatth*ap- as no papers were forthcoming) and nodced several articles inIn consequence of the discontinuance of the mail ser- vice, t h * merchants bere a r e grumbling very much. They think the government should make a contract with Vanderbitt to carry the mall from this place. Panama andthe interior. IT the government does not, t h e mail from the interior »iU have to remain over, and be sent by the Psasaas Railroad Company g sailing vessels, with s delayviz:— 1byorderofthessnlorofficer; and no person acknowledging »ror poaseastoJt authorityon_ Pxrsasoao, July 18,1880. FKXDXRICX DorGtiai.The Pacific mail* were left on the lAthmus.GeneralG.W.Jones,UnitedState*MinistertoNew offromtwentytothirtydays,therebycausinggreatin- deerskins,and20packagessugar.jury to the commerce of this republic.* From Guatemala there is nothing of special interes' to report. The subject of introducing coolies into the coon- trytodtocossedinthepublicjournal!. SomeInteresting statistics are published, showing the great prosperity oftheIslandofMauritiussincetheintroduction ofcooliesOur P n n s m n CorrespoBulemce PANAMA,July 14,I860.for so many years I have given to the asm* question. They should vote for tbe uncompromising enemies of tb* dramshop;andforthosewho,knowingsotowforslavery, accordnottbetoastlegalitytoitstoastprataatims.&ttlc the Trouble* of tke Republic—The CHiriqui iffsesiJVaes—2AeMatltfromOutPacific,etc.Grant-Thecauseoftemperancetoprostrate. Whoprostrated ttr Itsprofessedfriends. How? Bytriflingwithitaad taineer, focal Indian Agent for the Reservation. Major Seven A. M.—Returned on board this vessel, where I trampling it under foot at the polls; by voting for candi-for New York. The State of Bolivar has formally declaredthe vessel into that port, I directed the guard to assist there- in. WhilstproceedingthitherIexaminedthepapers at the United States acting Consul's office, and on aeeing the captain found him unable to give any vouchers for tbe legality of tbe purposoj to which 79 water casks, some With salt and some with fre.li Water, were to be applied. T h e captain then consenting to an esxaminaliou of his bold in pre sence of the Carted States acting Consul, w e again boardedsale of intoxicating liquors for a beverage. NO man who believes to tbe rightfulness of suchsale to fit for any po- litical ofBse; for tbe sole legitimate end of every such of- fice to protection of the people; and hence they, and they only, who tove to be, and study to be, their protectors,itselfindependentofthefederalgovernment,aneven; populationwaaonly76,butIn1869Ithadincrease1to 201,679, and during the years I860 and 1869 there were Off the Cane* of Delaware, Thomas Whartenly, a pas- that was fully expected, as it has been in contemplation imported 69,446 Indiana. The whole Dumber introducedtor some time, and the Governor of the State has seizedthe Custom House of Cartbagena, driven out the federalofficersandplacedhisownpartisansinpossession. Itis areshippedtoEngland. Thecropofthepresentyearisrumored that he intends also Custom House o f Cabanilla.t o takepossessiono f t h eestimated at 140,000 tons, equal to 700,000 boxes of Hava- na sugar, which was the amount of the crop in Cuba iu 1835.TheislandofMauritiusmayyetbecomearival,of Cuba in the production of sugar.for a slave deck on board, nor did we meet with other matter license the dram shop—that manufactory, not of drunk-Gen. Herran, who has abandoned his Intention of return- ingtotheUnitedStates,toreportedtohavetoftBogotaon rP of the Repnb- amissionofpencetoGen,Maequera,who,itwillberecol-The President of Salvador issaed a deeree prohibitingtheimportationofforeignspiritsafterthe31stofthepresent month, and present stock in the country is either Humboldt river country to afford protection to the im-i:W P. M, the vessel being then at anchor In St, GeorgesHarbor, I removed the guard and quitted the vessel. how unfit they who buy and sell people are to be <WBgBfQWMWCl. AATOWAU.. July H , 1800.OCA AsrnrwAUThe toat newt from Oarthagena, by the Prince, stateslivered to the government at cost price and charges, to be paid for out of the proceeds of the sale.The decree to clearly unconstitutional, as the constitu- tion provides that no alteration shall bemade in the existing tariff, except by giving one years previousan independent one. they go into camp to-day. Officers: J.L.Blackburn,Cant.;Theo.Vinters.FirstLieutenant; T- & Winn,Second Lieutenant.A valuable silver veto has been found about forty five miles south of Mono Lake.Oregon Intelligence.The returns published in the latest dated Oregon papersindicatethatShieltoelectedrepresentativetoCongress. degradingposition.The statesman, published st Salem, the capital of the On the 6th inst,, at about six P. M., I went on board State, of 10th June, gives a list of majorities, so far aa the Virginian, accompanied by Mr. B W. Higgs, a partner then received, of 1,060for Shiel and 1,079 for Logan,.or. .of Mr. Hytona, acting Consul, and stated to the officer to 20 in favor of the totter. But the counties of Coos and charge that I wanted to go to sea; his reply was, "I have Currywerenotincludedinthesereturns. Inregardto chargeoftheshipandcargo,andcannotpcroiityoutodo them the Statesman ton:—"A citizen oCUmpqua, arrived so."here, reports Coos and Curry counties at 00 majority forShiel. This report, if correct, will give Shiel 40 majorityin the State."l the act of aeparation of the Stete or Bolivar rem therwasformallyproclaimed*uthe31. Atrans- terms,audiitisrelated thatwhen be informed General noticeforallarticlesimportedfrom theAtlantic,andsixship Skipjack, which left an notstatipganyreasonforAt nire V. M. he cam* onto report it to the VS. 8, acting. and aii m»u on board, usecaptainbeingonshore. returned on shore againdrunkards aad drunkard makers. Tbe rumseller himself to not a more responsible drunkard maker than he who licentcs him. And if here or there to an earnest mar. whose conscience sternly forbids such prostitution of suf- frage, he to scoffed at by these friends of temperance a* a fanatic or a fool. They a r e ever proclaiming that t h e dramshop is the greatest of all curses—and yet they areever voting to maintain it. Is this their matchless in- fatuationortheiramazinghypocrisy?A like treachery explains the like low condition of tbe anti-slavery cause. Abolitionists nave from year to year voted against'it, until at last there a r e fewer abolition- ists than there bave been at any time within twenty years. The mass of those who were once intent oa abo.isbtog slavery everywhere, do not go now for Itstotioo of the official document, together with President Herran that he must march a t the head o f t h e federal months for all imported from the Pacific shores.and men are still on board ures, that I am awareNieto'iaddress,tosubjoined— troopsagainstMoequera,GeneralH.repliedbysaying, Theforeignmerchantsengagedinimportingliquors "Idonotthinkyourgovernmentissoimmoralastore- haveprotestedinstrongtermsagainsttheenforcementaw .uuno> or m SOVBBBMB s u n or BOU Vax FROB ran quire a too to take up arms against his father." Where of the decree.ACTIAL6BABJ1MAXCOKTKUtRATlOX. uponPresidentOspinagavehimfullpcwere,ittosaid,to The President of the soTtreifn State of Bolivar, taking arrange matters as be pleased.into consideration:— The Supreme Court of New Grenada h a s annulled'the 1.ThatbythelawoftheUthofJane,orth*present grantheldbyAmbroseW.ThompsonfromtheLegislatureAnother decree, imposing a duty of ten per cent upon the exportation or silver and gold in the crule state, has been issued.ThegovernmenthasconcededtoMr.SidneyOaksmitb, year, the State of Bolivar has declared, through the or- of the former province of Ohiriqui, for the con- of New York, the privilege of establishing a bank in thegan of iia legitimate representative*. that the general go- vernment has trampled under foot the federal compact of theMdof May, 186*. by the laws of the 8th and 20th of April, 10th and Wth of May, 18W, and] by those of public srder and of expropriation of the present year.1 That toceaseqsieao* of this declaration it has au-thorised the Executive power , b y this said l a w o f t h estruction of a road from the Atlantic to the Pacific, through that portion of the Isthmus of Panama,1 have not yet seen the decision, but I understand that the Court has decided, among other points, that the pro- vincial Legislature had s o power, under the constitution, to make the grant, and that it to s violation of the con- tract between the general government a n d t h e Panamarepublic.The Congress of Costa Rica Is still in session at SuiJ>se de Costa Rica, ani have had under discussion during the last two weeks the contract entered into between the Executive and Thomas Francis Meagher, for the con- struction o f a railroad from Boco del TOro, on t h e Atton tic, io Punta Mala, on the Pacific. The measure appearsQuestion —By whosegautbonlty have you token charge of my vessel?think the fe feral compact broken, and who shall denounce to Congress a s unconstitutional t h e aforesaid laws, h e may declare the separation of the State from the prescit Confederation, and proceed to form a new one, in exercise of its inherent rightsA That the sovereign State of the Cauca, at whose head to found one of the most illustrious generals of our hUtory, has resumed, by decree of the 8th of May of the present year, the plenitude of its sovereignty, and has declared that it will n o t sontinue id relation) with the national Powers, which have broken the federal compact, until the sway of the constitution beta; re-established, there shall a e restored, together w i l l the federal t'nion, Use enjoyment o f those rights t o the States which the national Powers have usurped.A That the State of the Magdalena, joining Bolivar, and »htse territories embrace the whole shore of the Atlantic has made Similar declarations to those of Bolivar, maai- 1states it» determination to adopt a lihe resolution.6. That the State of Santaader is anntiated by like sen- tlssrats.Costa Rica has no right to make such a grant, Inasmuch majority for Shiel. Mr. Higgs, and wrote a letter astheterritoryoverwhichtheprojectedroadistorun The.Vtafermansaysoftheelectionofmembersoftbo followingeffect:—communication.1 bave the honor to be, sir. jyour obedient servant,JACOB STORM.lish roads, Ac., across the Isthmus. ,The United States sloop o f war St. Marys, CommanderPorter, arrived here on the Fourth of July from Guaymas and Acapulco, and t h e United States steamer Saranac, Captain Robert Ritchie, sailed hence for Stn Francisco on the oth. Her Britannic Majesty's ship Clio is still in port.The United States frigate Ianoaster to expected to ar- rive here in all of this month. The Wyoming is still at Callao, and the Cyane is on the way here from San Fran- cisco.The store ship Warren, Lieut. J. J. Boyle, commanding, is still in port.Another targe and important mail from the West Coast avJCentralAmerica hasbeen left on toeIsthmus,Mr. Van:lerbilt having written to his agent at aspiawali to allow no mail to go on board the steamer Artel. It is to be hoped that the United States government will make some provision for the transportation of the mails to and fiom this coast, which are of great importance to Ameri- can merchants and shipowners There are said to be at t h e present time fifty American vessels a t t h ethe acting Consul to theloading guano, a n d t h e only w a y crews o f these vessels have t oWoodrutl conducted hto own case.appeared for the crows.» Capt. Woodrofl argued that, accordingthe treaty between Ureal Britain and the United Slates re-lative to the Boundary Commission, the prisoner should be given up. A s they were allowed to seize deserters7. That even in the very States of Boyaca and Candina- only mail facilities the officers and men have heretofore coffee and such like ecmsodities, are decidedly opposedrr.arca, there is a strong opinion in favor of the rightj of had have been by this Isthmus. The detention of the the Skates.to grantiig a charter for right of way across this country, as it would have a tendency to increase the price of labor from what is now paid, or promised, to the poor devils who -'dig and JUIVJ''for one dime and a half per diem, to one dollar, the same as was paM by the old Transit Company. Among those holding this opinion is President Martinez. This patriotic gentleman, however , admits that te* hombret de trabajc—by whom he means to designate the miserable fellows who are now and then compelledto work—are to a man anxious to see a transit again in ope- ration, and that should a liberal spirited company tender the government a conple of hundred thousand dollars or so in cash, for the privilege o f clearing o u t a n d making navigable the river San Juan, repairing the old transit road, rebuilding docks, offices, A c , w b y . b e would not feel himself at liberty to reject the offer. It is likewise reported that Sen or Perez stands a fair chance o f obtain- ingfortheoldAccessoryTransitCompany a renewalof its charter, and that be has Martinez pledged to this com- pany, provided he succeeds in raising the necessary funds. Speaking of Martinez, he is about to resign the Presiden-Sr and retire to his hacienda, in consequence of ill health, e too morose, illiberal man, strongly prejudiced against Americans, (has be cause to be'i hut upright and honest, onwhosewordfullreliancecanbeplaced. This can benorth of tie line, her so to the south of it.not see why they could not doI have the honor to remaii>sowc obedient servant,W. C. HVLAh'n,Deputy UnitedStates Coisul. Now, to reply to Lieut. Murray's Orst statomc• i. tlrutiirmly and nobly. Now the sixty thousand call for con- ning in their candidate. Then they insisted on integrity. Then the candidate most be grandly moral as wellas grandly intellectual in order to be worthy of their votes.8. Lastly, that fro; til these reasons! it is evident that present mail here will be of serious injury to thesethe case has arrived i fuiujl article st cond of the. law of tee Uth June, of tr year, tbe State of Bolivar taking Ert in the defence u the federal cousOtution of the 23dy, 1869, whose cust >dy has been confOded to it by the tenth articleof the same, and, placing itself out of the reach of those who, invented with the piblic power, usurp the sovereignty of the Suaoaclasses of oar fellow countrymen, besides bundreds and thousands of others engaged in mercantile pursuits on the Pacific coast. .The United Slates Consul at this place arranged with theagentofthePacificMailSteamshipCompanyforthe conveyance o f the mail to California a n d Oregon, which left here on the steamship John L. Stephens, on the 11th tost., bv agreeing to allow the company the postages on the letters—the arrangement being subject, however , t oThe Attorney General was of opinion that the Court bad no rigbt to give up or to detain the prisoner; he wss not employed on the Boundary Commission a t the time of bis escape, but was a prisoner in transitu.Judge Cameron ruled that n o cause h a d been shown why the prisoner should be given up to the United States. The officers of the commitfiion bad put into another colony of the British crown to suit their own convenience. This port was not in the direct route between the places they were conveying the deserter. According to the custom of international law ho should release the prisoner.Capt. Woodruff thanked the Court for the attention they bad shown him, and intimated his intention of forwarding the particulars of the esse to Washington, to order that it might be settled between the two nations. As tbe labors of the Boundary Commission would last some five years longer, it would be a source of great annoyance to bothparties,unlesssomedefiniteunderstandingwerecometo.Tit*SadAccidentInBoston Harbor. [From tbe Boston Traveller, July 21.]both captain and mate were on shore, I have to inform Now be must know how to shape his creed to the popular you that m y object in taking the mate on shore was to favor, and be skilled in contrivances to get votes. ThusWork Before the Chilean Legi»lcUure—Bruknm of the Mining IntereMt—Receipt* at tke Cuitom Borne ** Vol- paraisc—Activity of the Grass Market a Pent, Butnot Ayret and BraiOr-Exportation of Specie from Chile— French.\aval Fleetat Callao—Newtfrom Bolivia—An-Yesterdayafternoonspartyofyoungpeople,residing relinquishedbythegovernmenthere. Eighthundred dollars will be sufficient. If there to no occasion to heaverat* ires from th* ConfederAieo, the estahlish ticipated Blockade of the Port of Cabija<—Nom-Inttr- said of but very few N.caragcscs.I at a provisional general government, according to The famous Col. Cauty, once as pert a n d flippant a s a> urms contained in articJ* founts <ff the afore-cited courte Between Bolivia ami Pem—MortmenU of the Bel- flea, to here with bis wife, keeping himself very quiet,wentdowntheharborlatheyachtThistle,belongingto diverfromtheNavyHardto]ascertaintheextentofin- Mr. J. W.Leatherbe*, a superintendentofon* ofthe jury,andto case the u~n tomore thanIexpect,a•ill cultivate friendly relations with the other son the footing of the saost just reciprocity.Article A Th* other oiapatetten* of th* aforementioned to* wiU go into sstoet i s their respective cases.A ves to ianhsfesa, July A1800.JCAW JOSE. NTETO.Jrxt Axsono DB ta ESFRISXU, Secretary General of Slate.th* Pretidsst of the Sovereign State of Bolivar then ««aed a nvuuftst© to Its inhabitants, which is too long forligerent Generol* A* Ecuador—The UnnUled mate ofmiah Murphy, Michael Lavery, Edward O'Donnell, Tho- mas Bowen, Mary Jane Fitaimmons, Anna McCarty, Marv O'Brien, Mary Murphy. Kate Gtovin, and Mary Ann and Kate Sliney. the totter only about ten years old.Affair* Between A s OtofNI States andof Mr. Ctau, American Minister, <tc.The English steamer Valparaiso, from th* west coast,with two weeks later news, arrived at this port on the 7th tost., bringing the msil and fA10,0S9 in specte for Eu- rope, two hundred hides and fifty-eight bales of deer skins fbr New York, Her dates are Valparaiso 18th sod Csitoo 29th June.Bnd judging from bis looks, his transit project, like Mons. Belly's, is settled forever. Y e t I have n o doubt that should t h e British government ratify t h e treaty lately negotiated with Nicaragua by Mr. Wyke, very strenuous efforts will be made to obtain a route through this coon- try,asJohnBulltoverymu:hdisgustedwiththePanama route.Theretoanexcelleatopportunityfor thosealreadyen- Sged or wishing to embark in the india rubber bonnets, obtain supplies of thii ce #brated article at a small ex- pense. Theforestalonethe riverSerrepiqui, andnearthe road lending from the Moin to San Jose, Costa Rica, tolull of g m elastic trees, and the milk to said, b y oompe ping to its course. Mary Jane Fitssimmons got her motion come thundering into this harbor, and sendingnow three oat of the eight States of the Con- The news from Chile to not important. Congress bad in open hostility against th* government, and been in session a little over two weeks, yet no ver> great i prevails in th* tve others. amount of public business had been transacted. The fol-tent judges, to be of a vvty superior quality. Abtndant help can be obtained either at this town or from t-p the coast, to procure whatever luar.tity umy ba uesired. In-arms around his neck, and clung to him till forth steam and noise as if to raise the dead from the they were both saved by a boat from the steam- churchyard near by. I bave been reflecting whether or tug Walpole, which fortunately Jwas near a t not I ought to sen tbe cargo, to enable m e to pay thePeru—Moremen'iI remain, dear sir, yours.itfully,JACOB STORM.rat, July 8,1880.on th* coast for bis enterprise,to now at I ma, S settlement with the government.visiter could easily be seen with the naked eye in thenorthwest. It resembles the test great comer in general dated from this island to as painful to me as it will besince 1834 to 289,712, to which are to be added 30,527 born on the island, making a total of 320,229. This force is empBhred in making sugar, of which large quantitiesthevesselatabout10:30A.M.,andremovedsomuchofthe arefitforsuchoffice. Butaretheysuchprotectorswho cargo aa to certify myself that the vessel had not the materialsNews fk-om Mcaiagusw(ht Contiruticn of ato a grand thought, a s w e look upon the approaching messenger, to think of the incalculable spsses thrown which it has been travelling for the tost few hundred, or perhaps thousands of fears, and the various aspects that our earth has presented at its various visits. It most at cue time have shown upon the forests which have toft us oar coal fields, and again when the huge anurias* dragged their gigantic bones over the green places. It would be in- teresting to know which were the generations of men who saw it, and how many generations are going to see it here- after.News frail Carson Valley.We have news from Carson to June 27. Major Dodge had returned from walker's and Pyramid lake. He r e ports 2,000 peaceable Pah-Utes on the Walker River Re-servation. He had a talk with four of the principal chiefs, viz:—Nabahira, Odeske,PadwaaadOhartamat. They wereallfriendly,andwishedtoremainso. Accordingly, to protect them in the same, Major Dodge has ordered ahousetobebuiltimmediatelyoatheReservation,and appointed John A.Thompson, the.celebrated moun-O mOpposition '.o a Right of Wag—How to Overcome II— CASK OF THE DISRATER FROM THK UN1TKD STATES8 A N JTJAN CURItESPONDBNOB.SAN JrAs » t i NOME, June 11,1860.British Columbia.Character of President ilaKvm—Cut.Rubber Jrod-', dk.Since my tost some farther reformation touching tranBit matters has reached tero from Managua. It is t aid yjat the majority ^f what to termed in Nicaragua "Agri-BOUNDARY COMMISSION.On the 21st o f June t h e deserter Watkins, from t h eUnited Stake Boundary Commission, w a s tuk«n before the Supreme Court at victoria,under an application made by Capt. Woodruff, who claimed that he should be given up to him as a deserter from the said Commission. Capt.w h o possess chouitas wherein a r e grown plantains, bananas, Figs, chickeas, Jogs, mules, horses, with a sprink! ng of homed cattle, Brazil wood, cacao,The Attorney Generalculturistes,'" that is to%a7,thof.ehuertas, or smallplantation patches,t othe termso fCa'ity—The IndiaI received the folk Wing reply:—VflTto)STATESCOXSI-I.AI.TK,) man'sparty,orofanyhoweverslightdiscrimination•agrlsliaesadBotirsr,th*twowealthiestStatesonlowingmnasiirMwareunderconsideration.Abilltoor-deedtheonlythingrequisitetoenterintothebusiness,bandatthetime.KateGtovincaughtholdofMurphybysalvors,ortoremainhereand;awaitfurtherordersfromDouglasdemocrat,buttopreservethehair'sbreadthdif-teAtlantic,andtheCaeca,onthePacific,being inthe tesds of in* toiisraltots, s u a the -*eastri at government o d t•osy rappliiteos of ssaswmnniitUion asW a.m*s from abroad.A is, however, expected that the whole matter, after a toe rkimohes, will end hi Mceqnera bang either electei ^eataest or proclaiming himself dictates.>toaw%ite ISMpoliticians are on the fkn», not know- *g whether to deetor* for Mosooera Of h is son in-law,Bolivar andMagdalennhave Houses, Ac., are in the lundsJuly 14,1800. from J^p«0Sk>-rA«Bolivar daelared itself in menu Santandar andthewaist,andwastaken along some distance, butwas drawn beneath the water so much.that she was forced to let go, and she was drowned.youwitharemittance. Ifyobconsideritadvisablethat I should sell and return to New York for a cargo, I shall immediately obey your orders; or if, on the other hand, you require me to proceed to the coast with my presentappearance when it was first seen l a this neighborhood. It wilt bo recollected that at the first appearance o f that one s mere star could be seen,with a small base, or fleeoe of light, following it; but that to the course of s few weeks, as it approached nearer and Bearer to the son, itunexpected to you.Co the afternoon of tbefid instant I made this land, tohostile Indiacs basing gone to Oregon and the Humboldt moun rains. A company o f dragoons havearrivedatPyramidLakefromFortCrook-Tbe United States troops now in Washoe are CaptainStewart's company of the Third artillery, acting as in-fantry; Captain Flint's company, Sixth infantry; Lieut.O'Leary's company, Sixth infantry, and a howitzer battery under t h e command o f Lieutenant Gibson. T h etroopsenrouteandunderordersforthatplaceareCapt.Adams' company, of the First dragoons, forty men, fromfort Crooke, and Lieutenant Smith's company, of Sixthinfantry, from Fort Yuma. Captain Ketchum'a companyof Sixth infantry to also under orders for Washoe, b u tprobablywillbedetainedhereuntilthearrivalofthe spected,norwasanysearchmadeformoneyorpapers;andat wellmightweelectslaveholderstopolitical.recruits asked for by General Clark, the company only numbering about thirty men.TheCusonRangersnave determinedtoproceedtotheto be exported before the expiration of that time or de- migration against the Indians. The movementto entirely the following, viz:— temperance, yielding to other interest*and partaking ofThe Herald (Eugene City) of 16th June, says:—Joseph Meador arrived here today from Umpqua county. He states that the official returns of Coos and Curry give Shiel forty-teven majority. He saw the official returns of .ToAnswer:—By order of Iaeui. Murray, of II. B. M ship Skipjack.to meet with ocnsiierable oppot ition, it being contended, stphine, which gave Shiel over 200 major.ty; does not re- were at that time in the possession of the C. S acting abolition any where. The calculating policy of non-ex-Ilia of June, that on coming to an understanding with Railroad Company, Inasmuch as the latter, by the termstwoormorestate*oftheCmfederation,wholikewiseofitsgrant,hasthes>leandexclusivepririlegetoestab bythosewhoopposeitinCongress,thatmembertheexactfigures.TheHemicmakesout69Consul.AfterthisconversationIwentonshorewithtension has taken the place of the uncompromising principle of abolition.In the year 1844 more than sixty thousand men voted for James G. Blrney. They would bave refused to do so, badhenotbeenopposedtothereturningoffugitiveslaves. to the continuance of slavery in the District of Columbia; to the continuance of the slave trade between the States; and to the admission of slave Ftates. But ere four year* had gone by anotLer spirit h a d entered into them. and now even Martin Van Buren, with all his pro-slavery sins upon him, w<s fit to be voted for by men, who had so re- cently consecrated their votes to that repentaat slave- bolder—that sublimely pure a n d just man—James C . Biixey Of these sixty thoosaxd probably n o t o n e thousand would n o w demand in their candidate t h e qualifications which they demanded in 1844. Who of all tbe sixty thousand would have voted as be did, had Birney avowed himself in favor of a whitebelongs to New Granada; a t any rate s h e should wait Legislature:—Summed up, the legislature will stand very ST. GKOI until the boundary line between the two countries to fully nearly as follows: Anil Lane democrats, 21, certain; old SIR—An officer of Her Billon tbe South Cove, uoar Federal a a d Kneetond streets, the vessel down, which I can only ascertain by getting aSouth Boston bridge*, the boat was in charge of Timo- much larger sum will be [uired to repair her. The thy O'Halloran, an experienced boatman, and tbe party eight hundred dollars U morel to meet the claims of theto state that on getting across; JC $ c , kc.consisted of eleven persons besides the skipper—Jere- salvors and other unavoidable expenses. I bave furtherWhen off Fort Independence theyacht was run into bytheschooner Alma, of Grandville, N. S , and waa so stovethat it aank almost instantly, and before any of the partycould get hold of anything with which to buoy them-selves up. O'Halloran, the moment the collision occur-red,jumpedonboardtheAlmaandthrewaropetothe siontoadifficultmatterto ibeorimagine,asitap Thistle,whichwas caught byJerry Murphy,whowas pearstomethatifamosquito!onlygivesabuzzingblast dragged through the water by it, the schooner not stop- and a gentle prick of bis proboscis, gunboats of sluggishferenceinbisownconsciousness. Ateveryother point than this of Terr tortol slavery all the parties allow slavery ito full swing. A n d how ...consistent a a d vain would be even an earnest and stea ty opposition to slavery at this point, if accompanied, as th* present vacillating opposition is, by tbe admission that slavery may exkt in a State—yes, in every State! For what to slavery but tbe practically asserted clain of property in man? And if the rightfulness of that claim to a Stateto aaaoeded, it to virtuallyconcededInaTerritoryalso. Whattoproperty anywhere is property everywhere. That "what th* lawsmake property is property,"to one of the things in thebigbundleofatheisms. Propertymakesnecessityfor quintals; do. regulus, 40,670 quintals; copper and silver to now ready for aea, oud only waiting a fair %ind to get nearly half an hour before he was rescued. Mary Sliney weapons they might have had, as though they sere to laws; but God atone ordain* what is property. To theganizeanddiffusethepowersofthecivilcourtsofCopiapo: a bill to create s new province between Concepcion and Aranco; to establish offices in the ports of the republic fortocapital;alltheresttohere. Beside, anypersonen- gaging In the business may remain at homo if be chooses, as the business can be carried on quits as well through the agency of experienced and responsible parties resid-the rest of the party, with the exception of Marythe enlistment of sailors: to reorganise the system of pri- ing here, who are familiar with the country, tin people Murphy, floated and were saved by boat* that were sent cargo, I shall also be ready to obey. • • • •mary instruction; to amend and reorganize the consulates. and the language. Considerable quantities cr rubber are to their assistance from a Cape Cod schooner and the A report was current tost night that tbe Attorney Go The mining interests of the country continue to excite constantly being gatLered by the natives and others, Alma and another Nova Scotia vessels. The Murphy girl nerai bad advised tbo Deputy Receiver General of thismuch attention. The annexed statement oompriws ih.i shich ii sold la this town, or exchanged for bad whiskey. is supposed to have goes down in the Thistle. port to seize my vessel, so I may yet b e subject toshipment of ores and metal from the district of Ccpiapo during the first four months of this year:—QO. 6,714 quintals. The greater part of these metals out of the harbor.Stiver ores, 40,800 quintals; do., is bars, 50,027 marks; coppejr,inbars,10.361quintals;do.,inores,372,90^Item'>>uthisbytheauhoonarJ. W.Congdoc,which thathefaintedafterbeingtakenfromthewater.Itwas volvere,cutlasses,andIknow,notwhatotherconcealedwere exportedtoEngland,andtheresiduetotheUnited States.The receipts of the Custom House of Valparaiso forth monthofMayamountedto$436,899.Thereenteredthe same port during the first quarter of the present year *18 foreign cotton vessels, the total tonnage of which amounted to 324,962; and there cleared dnmg the sameTheonlyvesselsatthisportatprefect areH.B.M.s ship Gladiator, royal mail steamer Prince, and A3 Ameri- can soho.Lor Congdon, bound for New York,HEWS FEOSE CiLIFORiYli.was silking when rescued, and to having faintingfit*to- attack thieves and robbers.school of great nature, aad not to tbe enactments and conventionsofmen,are wetogo tolearntheelements and subjects of property. That government may author- ize tbe destruction of property in cases where It hasbe-on the same day. la the L-- period 470 vfsseto.In consequence of large orders having been receivedOmr Sam Frmxtclsco Correspondence. SANFsAjtoflco, Jtae2 8, ISflO.P/rtectojeliyalnpfed to the neighboring republic* of South ABssrtea, white that of silver we»t to foreign countries.dates to June 6, arrived here to-Jay; the Oregcn, fromtwo countries like Great Britain sad America should beat variance. On information and deliberate reflection Iam oi opinion that iftbe vessel were to to be hoveou* the lawfulness of slavery in a State. At this point ofThe mail from Costa Rica has arrived, bet brought no The first persons reached by boats were O'Donnell and interference, occasioned by altogether unfounded Lavery,whosaidtheycouldtakecareofthemselvesand andperfectlyfalse;butthis,[ofcourse,mustterminatesews of Importance. The mail from Granada will not be directed the rescuers to look after tbe women. They as did the other, in utter " fP- jhere until the day after to morrow. were picked up last of all, and Lavery was so exhausted The men on board were to the teeth, rifles, reStntea proposition was made to from Peru, Buenos Ayres and Brasil, the grain market ofnog—ivedbyavoteof Valparaiso baabecome a littlemoreactiveoftote,and Suit Against tke California Steamship Company—The quiryhowshewassaved shesaid—'AnnaMcCartykept hermetically sealed. I really hope that this instructionofproperty,Ibadtxtiersaidthatitmayau-I two. Afterwards, though, the Assembly prices of .wheat and flour have improved.There has bew exported from Chile from th* 1st ciPomy Express—Murder of a Ntu Yorker—Arrest of thi Petpttrator, rfc, dk.The steamer Sonora, from Panama, with New Yorkhold of me till the boat picked m e u p , and that's all I everlasting vexed qKstion m a y y e t s * settled thorise tbe destruction of that in which the rights o f pro-above tbe water till assistance came. This she did st Owes, to bars, 8 » 26 a 820 50 per quintal, cash. the asms port, reached on the 27th. Both vessels tbe risk of her own lite.kd the n e/tsotrl.Baphaat«ntryofatto*taooruo»,lM There to s o t Utile toSaC. . • f W . 2 * . Copper ores 80 50 a A3 6 6 . brought passengers from the Eastern' State*. »U SO a |g|7esBb. Flour—7,000 quinteteTbe nine persons picked up by th* boats ware taken o n here t o be repaired, it would be v«ey difficult to procure ^Territorial slavery t h e anti squatter sovereignty demobe Australian market at S8 12 .toanwdltotiTollo M " ' ts ao later new* from Bolivia. The port of CobUaIet been btockadedby Praatdent Casiiltos, of Peru, • t s naval oeet to the South avowedly forTh* poay express from St. I/reis, with dates to June 12, arrived at Carson City yesterday afternoon. No fc* tils Indians are reported between California and Salt Lake. .At afokelumn* Hill, on Monday tost, a man named Ab- nerBan,anativeofNswlock,agedftftj-fireyears,mamt^m^ats^O^'^s^'ptooS ^ ^ w * t o * j 2 ^ " rot* Mariposa gives lbs particulars of thekifl- non named Bean and Gibbs, on th* Cfclceado iwho committed th * deed acted in self d ei out to deceased what they richly me-Lucy Augusta, hto wife, who arrived brought a suit against th e Pacificboard the Walpole, and brought a p to the city about sixlaborers aad mechanics to do the work required. JACOB STORMcitjrA Dasaam Wmi Araxns Scicms.—About tan o'clock yesterday morning, a young woman, named Mary Lock w«)d,junipedintothe Eastriver,atth*footofJames slip, aad sms la darger ofmanjumped into the water and rescued her. A police man snoMly after took her to charge; but thewoman straggled violently to get to the water again, evterata have on tbe score.of consistency, an immense ad vantage over the republican* and i touateatttes. If a maa may be property to a State, it follows that he can be rightfully carried as property into s Territory. These democrats make themselves strong by adopttog this in- ference, and their opponents weaken th. aimi.e. by re- jecting it. But taeae democrat* would make ItoaimiTin* tar stronger if they would posh their aaaatstsmay farther and insist oa the right to carry tbto m an property. not •aiy into any Territory, bat torn every 8aate>*lso. Ana> they wiU yet cone to this, aad bring th* nation to tbto, provided tb* abolttiontott do act sac- ceed la tbe meantime with their nniiatii doe- trine that man to property nowhere. Either Jtfrerson Davis or Wendell Phillip* te rigbt. AH between thorn, be it Mr. Douglas or Mr. Lteaoa or who- ever etoc, are wrong. If tbe being, made to the lsaagv of God, may be a stove anywhere, be may be s slave every- where, and ifnet ^everywhere thee no•ate. Vice Pre- sstentBreckinridge to htoletter ofacceptance teat asm poWtohed-a letter by the way evtostreof.be high order of hie cultivated mind—says: "Nothing less than sove- reignty can destroy or iatpairth* rights af j" A abend asaaasilkm tbto, amiwe h a v e s * totor reliable news from^sfeoador.cu of Ittssdor, has toft Paits, Peru,when ab»U two hours later be got brought upon a Bateuaore.coal vessel.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069emv ^ ^ aw *>%O^B ass ama^o snmw ^^^* *^* %^^^^^^^* th*resultof th* referencepan;^TM?»*^**«£.frum Psaams to San JyoflQ " WI* Stephens. It. exclusive us* of 'pste fOlt; thai « .femeralltteo'clock.At that time it was supposed that O'Haliaran aad Ato parents andfriend*worefor .suspicion beyond the presence of an unusually large quan-tity of stores and provisions; also, as cargo, much rice, but theinterior of the respective eaaki and packages were not in- and every other sort of criminals? Certainly not A sOn the 4th inst. the mate noted in the ship's logbook need to be argued. Nevertheless these friends ofAt8:15P.M.waaboardedaMaaboatfromH.B.M. thefrenzyotpartypolitics,rushtothepollstovoteforI bave to add that thetbe Virginian, nor baveof, been taken to release me from this most oppressive andenable m e to make arrangements te settle the claim of the salvors; a n d , when I tirst saw Lieut. Murray, I pro- tested verbally against the intrusion which I deemed heincreasingly rapid are the downward steps in morals.What a mighty host would the sixty thousand have be- come dad they not fallen into the fatal error of giving up truth for cumbers. They were impatient for success— not knowing that they already had it, and would con- tinue to have it so long as they adhered to principle. For not only to it true that such adherence works out and surrounds itself with every success, but that it to itself tbe highest form of success. Tbe sixty thousand bad grown from seven thousand to four years. A far toss rate o f progression would have p u t t b e government of the country into their hands long ere this time. Evil wastbehourinwhich theylistened to theproposal to purchase apeedy victory at the price of their principles. The price was paid. But no victory and no good came la return. Thanks for the eternal ordination that no good cat be purchasedat such a price.Tbe retrograde.ion of Northern Legislatures in respect to slavery illustrates the decline of Northern sentiment on that subjectVer<nont is acknowledged to b e the most aati slavery of all tbe State*; but would ber present Legislature re- solve by even a bare majority in favor of abolishing th* inter Stete stove trade; or slavery in the District of Co- lumbia; or to favor of refusing the admission of new slave States? The disastrous effect of such resolutions on tbe coraingelfction would b e a n effectual plea against them. Nevertheless, in 1888 her Senate voted unanimous- ly to favor of all these, and her Assembly by such an overwhelming acclamation that no negatives were called for.Tbe only anti slavery to be found in any of tbe present partiestoanunsteadyoppositiontotbeestablishmentof slavery in s Territory. Occasionally surrendered, it must bealsooccasionallyrenewed,totbeendjthaiaaapparent. albeit well-nigh infinitesimal, difference may be kept up between tbe republican and other parties on the question of slavery. A republican voter needs to bear and say something now and then against Territorial slavery, not only to prevent others from confoundijg him w.tbahad committed, according tomove t b e hatches before the. vessel b a d entered this port, in violation of the treaty between Great Britain a a d America. I stated t o Lieut. Murray that tbe casks to which he alludes were intended for bal- last and for palm oil, and that tbe vessel was not on a slave voyage, neither was she a slaver. On the second search being made by Lieutenant Murray, in the pretence of tbe United States acting Consul, I was induced to con- sent merely to convince him that no contraband or illegal tradehadbeenenteredup>n. MyopinioatothattheVir ginton must be given up to me, as there to not s tittle of evidencetojustifyherdetention. Ittomydutytostate to you now the extent of what I require, if the vessel isSt. GBOBG: WILLUM FHAKP, Efq., New Yoi DKAR isiR—Since my totterMurray, Royal Navy, has Virginian, but how long Iyesterday's date, Lieut. drown bis menfrom the remain free from intru-lamhappytoinform yenthat theVirginiantetight and has not leaked since we have been to port.day,buttoconsideredoutofdanger. MaryJaneFitzsimmens was so weak that a physician was called when shereached the whsrfss it was thought she was dying, bat tbewascomfortablethatmorning.ThomasBowentonotceive8600fortheirclaim,batenowdecidedtoputthecomeasourceofactualorapprehendedevil,Idonot a swimmer, but he happened to bave his boots off at the brig into the Admiralty Court; and I suppose this has deny. But I do deny that this admitted power affords, a* time of the accident and was able to keep himself from been done with tbe vain hope of detaining the vessel until some maintain, groundfor tb*claim that government can sinking by "treading water." the authorities hear from the Admiral, Sir Alexander transmute into property that which to not property, and.Our reporter saw little Kate Sliney this morning. She Milne, who to now at Halifax; bat all their schemes can took away from tbe tight of nature, common sense, was at her father's house, corner of East and Sea streets, are alike foolishly devised. They, th e public officers, and common tow to determine what is property. Per- and bad hardly got over the fright. In answer to an in- must imagine that w e Jbave niggers on board haps instead of saying that government may authorise theI hare just learned that the salvors, who agreedtore-denOy wtthlLe intent of committing suicide, qnlrtogl?tothebtot«r7*ftbei amsY, ito i to-'bEK VI-IM, July 6, 13*0. Sagainst the black man in tbe whole multitude of political rights.' But now bow very few of them all would with hold their vote* from their candidate because of such an atheistic avowa on his part? I say atheistic—for what is plainer than be who makes it does not believe la the Godards and paupers only, but also of madman, murderers, www.fultonhistory.com 