 C F„«, roe» &«- *** " * * "!jir»y ?«?«*••«• • * " ° ^P I O T i d , d w i Aisat opportanay tor ajl t^s *»reTa of pure UBHslurs east gtsaoae poetry to be preeavi. sasfS especially these who .Aesire to shew thetr tepreciaUOn of the highly cultivated ntiau of this tody, at mown to hW really ttosssifultags It a to be hoped that the esflaT'aai A t meateSIdrawatongaaeaniiililagitomovrowTiaurtw fiiniiass II Baltimore the Italian Opera trssonaat been very succnsafsl. Patfc bemg,rf«st PlVht-d Ionia, the great eard The dsarriicaa says t i t i "the" reciignittoB of her genius was snentSBestw as wellas Igeaeral.'' Cotoon has swag to the MTrsvtots " Thesessoa at Waahtogton coinawAces on Monday. At the last sc- cents Brigaoli had sot so far recovered as to be able to sag. At Charleston, g. c , the Parod! compaay ssag tost week, producing 'Bsroietto, * with Atotsso, Bsfffi end atnglto. Mr Ceilmtw at the Arch strset theatre, Phito- deiphto, aad Miss J. M. Davenport at the Walnut. Dan.Bxe has get up an opposition Sevan, to the saape ef a very haadenait young man, who dresses aad rides as a woman. He justiaes the napestare by atucicng the New York manager who, he nays, was guilty ef a atssflar pro eeedmg. It m not easy toseellitxw such tricks can be apolo-- r ^ a a j water. Tke controTtny aa*•"*" ^«eto*i-4tied bjtfce i^altaIBR-*-aor^.^-WMMIL Weettnot pi****** *°mit»antthewintoe*,•*—*7« pjpY'"** will doC«w»ATH»f of On MnociPaL RIGHTS IT I j f l u u n i t "__!/ tbe iiCTOACaaentB on by tie Legislature do nota* whole powers of our citj gov- ern be TixtDAllj wielded by the is Albany. Yesterday we noticed •pndeat attempt to abeorb into the of coeunWonera, to be appointed ondex AtjvBentthMn.nll the authority at presentin the Board of Health, Health Quarantine officers and City•ad ondex cover of the eaaae •eaeurc to certain traoafen of the jariedlction of the Bo- reau of Marketa and Bureau of Weighttand McaenTM, as if these were any sort of eonsec- boo betweenthe lanltnry featores of the billtad the latter changes. Between Police Cosa- Heeith Conuniasioners, Mapping tasendBeents and grid- iroflrailwaycombimaions,itisplainthatall authority wQl soon be taken out of the hands Of the Mayor and Coawnnn Council. In fact aatower be had not even siauhes the subject to the Wist, ae to [iimiite flatin to a somber of toaf torn Utoj etoiaw held by oar peepJe, called Cuban or Havana claims, bat whxh, up to ante period, n ^ has persistently refaeed toIB Withard can carry therefore,»beea here torrepublicans upon the course to beHe states he conviction that if that neither he (Oortm) atheir >raosBcrsatuia »have iB ealyto esBser in the actton ef I' snbstoaee, as the two bills aregized for, and Rice eertamiy doe* not do it.W J. Floreoce sre at Boston Mrs. Florence had a benefit thereon Friday tost Mr sad Mm Georgn Vacleahotf were giving their dramatic readings at Richmond, V a,At Spalding k Rogers' Museum the Blind Negro pianist, whotoannenneadas the '•most startling wonder of the age—a plantation negro bey, not yet ten years aid, aad blind from infancy, •Shu at one hours instruction—plays over 1.ICO pieces of music upon the piano, wah a correct nets ef stytosad power and brilliancy of execution on-tionistofilltheir ownpockets and thoseof ibeiririerda. Theblackrepublican*arepush- ing matvere a little too far they forget theTokicgcult to discern what may eventually be tbe result. n x x u tFKAjKs AWI> rax HBXICA.\ TBUTY.r'lsctesser. Ricbaid Roland—aad *) ui ibe strerage. Total 90 BRKME9—.-steamship Mew York—E Minloa. lady aud l«rociuioran. Miu-acaiDo. Mm -' J liiomsaa and '"••!• ohlulrea J -m:*iiA.i'. ail., A Fr»*nai»n,la.ii' &*nchildrenand aervani irlOi.eab»ee».AOeasmanciJJSciiiaepfer..1HFFolkers PCT A <»r»Toneuie >ow York Cap! Win Maunievitsh. Rua tlanVary,aadtervnafeRWenwah',»wOr!»»n«;A¥Aliovwn *uU laUj f llar.-erf auii mil/. A Ferdinand and lady. LAliforuia v i"tint7. Ba*<>n Mrs R Wep>r. St Ui iia ii Ori- aoaau.idajaote .Raabiirf, M«hhUmMaria,1Hiederer,Sew Yr-ri VT (T, ittrrc P i«re. M Krum, F Puriaer. Ohk H Ker i.rh.K\ao.(K>r»-T.1 rtimti'i-iir Wmsetanitz,Hrfehunni..D Br;i:,.ii,-1 i «ei-<e: J*n Y.x-ii L >ciutdt, H Lcct) i" Not! noann, C KniiiBcj. r lit-rand, P Dazst. California K Hymac. H.iisiu Texia. A Statin-r. Lawr ceburg, Ind. C Wilimaim Fr 8r'ker Cracmcali; A JbiappiTio TJ-lnraa: S \neel. Tevaa. t* Sock. Maccn. i.eo I %t Asen. Piuuidepmai H R Metzeroui. WaahnisUin. 1> C H .-^esr-ji l^>*ell. M:>M. H L W eoe:. Si Iiouiai Wsa Peaaniirton HEliartl. C. tichaoer Kew York—»llu •Av. ti-trrag*". Tc .«I i&.noon, at half past one o'clock, from her late residence, No. 70Thirdavenue.COMLOB.—On Saturday, March 17, CVTILARIM; Co.vuw, voungeudaughterofPatrickaudJaliat.onionTherelativesandfriendsarerespectfully inritedtoat- tend the funeral,this (Monday; afternoon, at two odock, frumFifthstreet.Greenpoutt.E-VTON—At Fort Hamilton, Long Island ou Friday, MarchIS,JOKETHEATO?(..Vssistact Surgeon,CnitalStates Army. aged 76 years, 7 months and 21 days.nVasure m oflertna the m a t to the pobiie. and ftveaiss toi- crwtDf rvasooa «r!iy tkrv ahould and wit: be general!T aaopteS. tat,tbeazs.ft.isandfijuabmiMairabe ad tas;>nsea BBBSB- rai*. and all who a s gas san all-rd to oMke a general shaasjs: id. thflisuorfinsareindsar'iciible,warraatssnot tobsrasr i-uaton:imis(twesntiyyessaras,.wWhSBerTeSaSSsironjsawi1ranOoMn;ItaStwssveara, ittbs t"bsy are BBO'>-seosoaaieai than any burner tst pen ssot-d.'wHimakeasavingoffromISto•»perosm—tiusds peoda vrery mi uch open tbe losahty. 6th ffierare self rsraku lag. and by a aUsoie eosinvanee iwslrilnt tn the burner, son t o QBangallobuntronvone toaxfeet peranue,as maybea» aired. and with an imrhmont placed mion tbe burner we arebefore in Florida, will reach New York—what time it will jet to Halifax and where its forcetake a vote on the particular .me and number of routes the committee will recommend A general disposition prevailed to adopt the mam features of the bill ottered lastIf his present plan is carnef* out. the French theatre w.i: beccme a permanent speciality ni city amusements.Mr. Max Maretzek a making arrangements lor the debutof Madame Fibri next month, and is nitrouatmg for the An Account of tlie urea! Breaih of Promise oase n StWinter tardea. I.o'iis, witl. !(!•' Names of the Witnesses Summoned for Mii-tiJt —In Mount Vernon, Westchester county. N V . Mr Liv:sgsi~n belongs to the .»iu. wealthy and bigbiy re>AAROS W M!1.:EI. aged 3G years. •pesiabiB families of 'J>eSrst aeniersof "lew lor* aay sas The fr*ends of the family, and the members of Inde ess address otm jn the anbject oi tbe shove .letter, whtoh wRIj dC i l / 0 ,»^^<'<VJ*UV>^I^^.'WVI ^^**.I^*>^saaasBbsiawSBSBeae it mzLxsrjmaaoAjWAT-roaawanjFscsrarns, ACTMa^c^Aasm. oozmm a>vaafcae rmr arstem by a i i i a g toe ator efj. a. atAFfUaiys <5uvs TASV*•some days ago far the porposs of reaewtoiregards the extent of the powers left the with our lorernxneiit for a treaty, and which were in aformer, we might as well be without anyMayor at all. These things will, we fear, be our gorernaMBt tomorrow that it a uattem and idle topassively submitted to. until the only remedy tha; remains will be a revolution, and the forcible separation of the interests of the citiesof Hew York and Brooklyn from those of the ruraldistricts. Itinnot likely thatapopula- tion of more then a million of the wealthiest and most intelligent of our citizens will muchlonger consent to be tyrannized over and plun-make a a y more treaties with Oaatrml Amer-.caa abates. a s tb* otoek repabbcan Senators are determiaed to object to ail treaties which confer upon the Preaideat authority to protect our ooBunerce abroad.i>g-PATCH* noil OTK aunsiav as KreusB. DespatchesworerecelredbythelastmallfromEurope, Tram Mhuster Dallas. He states that the preparations for the expedition to China are being etohoratetj4SS Broadway. Mew York.GAS QAS, OAS. GAS, GAS. (,AF-AU. COKBTJIderedbyasetof farmersandvillage politicmcs. whose only idea of the duties of legisla- bo Knrcrean affairs are much compiicateti, and it is dim-Taefrietasandacquaintsnceaofthefamilyarerespectfs\Ce.»*n, n,», IT,mj5?h! cs^js, >s. u,«.SezOTVlata,the -liiarei Mexican Minister, te»-.-?sfor nichDh,nd, ' x.. to morrow, lor Via beneiU of hii wife's prohibit-resultsofthereactiontheyarepro- seatx» liewillmakethelatterplacehisheadquarters for tbe present He has no idea of remg&ng his pott as Mia.iteroftheJuarez government,as recentlystatedinTaxMI WORLD.—Arrangements are now in pro-gress by which the telejrraph wQl be made to Jnares and ttiramon. The last advices, however, .ad- perform a still more important part than it has cate that Mhramon s rtrergth was about exhaasted, and heretofore played. It has been hitherto al- that he was qiite harmless. It ;s asserted that the JuarezgoTernmen are tndiflerect about the ratification of theD mors Btrrp in and see for vouraelres. On exafbttlos aad torsate wbolesaJeandrrtsiiaitbestoreof GBO H KTTCHiat %, CO . 561 Broadwav Also for sale &• ali tbe ftxture ill aline in New York. 8. P I1LRJLSO«.HIGHLY IMPORTANT MIDICAL ANDrai work, watch all sasiiiil rssd, aa a tmFsJULAix —On Saturday. March 17, in Brooklyn, E. D.. nrver before published. Those aflbcisd wrtth uerroussaas, dw-TELEGRAPHTHE GREATBAROMETET. OF.'oHst GBORGS EV-SKITT. in the 23rt year of his ageThe funeral will take place ou Tuesday attemoon at two o'clock, from tbe residence of his lather. Cornelius L. Ever.tt. No. 103 Second avenue. The remains will be inmost exclusively used for the purposes of com-munication between distant places; but when moo 's power m the Northern States, and desired to movemtdy. "Vanity Fair," at Laura Keene's theatre. It H rectigmsed by the press as one of the author's cleverest works. and that verdict has been endorsed by the public However skilful the treatment may be. it is still requisite that a play, to keep the stage and have a continuous run, must possess a certain degree of vigor which this piece lacks The plot is very shgat and hardly tufflcient for ther.quirementsofathreeactcomedywhich toys chum to the distinction of a picture ef the manners of the timeI'eniaon. Jr. Mica ileaWoc. Mr aad Mra F 8 Twadw- nias J...AApei: MisaEApgar i»rSheidcaandwife.MiaeM TweN, MraTSBarste* J P RaWwia Mrs foehran Miss i ociran. W O Crame, J L TenaaU. W L. Rllaworth, 8 Sterne.Thee Rynrfera, Mr Tortk I Kupltskik a Vewbold Morris. Hodaughter oi the late Benjamin Barker, aged 2u years, 6 months and 21 days.funeral from Sto. Peter aad Paul's church. Second street, on this (Monday) morning, at 10 '•„ o clock, where a solemn requium mass will be performed.the arrangements of which we speak are com- pleted we shall know the state of the weathertheir troops to the Rio Grande They needed the two a.illioc3 of dollars then, but Juare.: pre tern's to be matter of Northern Mexico at present, andbet! Wade. J B Morria, E Klhmt Mas MA UTaher. Ml* C F, !at any given point within the limits of the ossuraes that Mhramon canaot regain control to that quar- raited States nearly a week ahead. It is im. ter, i.ad asserts that he is also efiectnally cut off from the possible at present to calculate the great ad. city of Mexico. Another reason why the Juarez govern rantage-3 which mast result from this new ap- ment is indifferent to the ratification of the treaty is because they believe they can dispose of the lines of railroads plicationofthetelegraph. designated therein, especiallythose from pointsontheAll parts of the earth once placed in commu- BM Grande across Mexico to Maittlan and Gnaymas, to nication with each other, we shall be put in English or French companies, to macfa bettor adrantageA Mvers, J Hardeman ! F Sttaaou. H J Wai SOD. J no A Young, i r Hemater. R B Hocks. M 1 Bacon J. M Rose. H C. Dudley. E. A. Harrw. Ira i'ttck, Ihomaa Howiand. aisa J togeeBoll. A . B fimri, Thornand membersof PerseveranceLodge No 17, I.O.ofU V.. are respectfully mrited to attend lite funeral services, attheresidenceofherparents, No.ooHoratiostreet,onAtm Broadway.Nsw York. R QOODALR,BL ••1 AM TTJI.LY PBRTARRD ?OR SPHIKQ ORDBB8.—anot only of its daily history, but we be informed of the great atmospheric of the world. The barometer was,than those contracted for under the treaty. Un the other hand. the Mexican claimants and the Tehuantepec compa ny are still extremely desirous for its ratiheatton, out both being looked upon as mere speculators, baveaoeflfectparison with the dramatic literature of the day. it is an exceedingly clever work.That exceedingly clever actress, the most p MSB* of xmbrtttfs, Mrs. John Wood. closed her engagement at the Winter Garden on Saturday. and leaves town this week for New Orleans Mrs. Wood. during the period of her tost engagement. not only redeemed the fortunes of the theatre, but added largely to the measure of her former popularity In her peculiar vein, Mrs. Wood has few equals and so superiors on the Engliau or American stageMr. aad Mm Barney Williams have continued thei very successful engagement at Xibio s. During the week both Mr. and Mrs. Williams have bad benefits, which were after the manner of ovations to these very cleve artists.At the Broadway Boudoir a clever burlesque by Mr Charles tinytor, upon the " Romance of a Poor Toung Man," h a t been produced with success. The very popu- lar play by which the burlesque was suggested a stil very attractive at Waitocke. The Bowery theatres were barren of novelty during the week.wtte S B . Rxsdv, James Cailin, Mrs. Stevism, Miss Reed, Mr HOB; » WaitrpMer. Mrs Hirah. Mrs. Reed. Miss Reed, W R. McCreadv. /. Rewards. T. Sheffield. J. I Bettman. D. I Fdenfleld. DaVid Strange. James B. Hlgdan. J. H. Smith, L. C GeatoB. J R. Onst-Mi. Isaar V Xedier, Jaesb Heller Mat<:. Maosa. F . d t a T . J. Bichardson, G. Draper, Joan i\ Morris, John Van Horn. Mai SteiHer. M Chambers, W S. 8* mens, u D. Dtekerscn. aad four 1B the Bteersse-i. HASUJlTOii—StesstBhip .Co!':si)s—T T Bryce, .Josn Qro ahOD. T k Gregg. T S Stialsy, W D Bale?, W S McMaster. Kfor interment.FfflHsn.—Suddenly. of disease of the heart, oa Fridaymorning, March 16, JOBST. Ftsaax, of New Rochelie, m the &4th year of his age.The relatives and friends of the family, and those of ha brother inlaw, Clinton G. Bird, are respectfa ly mrited to attend the funeral, this (Monday) afternoon, at half-past twelve o'clock,, from the residence of Mrs. William Goad- by, No. 76 Second avenue, without further notice.• y O W PiiJLISHiNO, BT SCBSCRJPTIOH.riBW AMXBTCAM rYCLOPfFDIA. ATOPULAR DICTIONARY OF OKTRJLAL KVOanrrsn BTGIO. RIPLEY AMD C. A . OANA. Asstsrari BT A rcaaBOos ooars or BSIISSSPries psr voisms—Cloth, St. iSwsry nyis, half moroeso, Ss. ha.f RoasU extra, tooand is still, rery valuable as an indicator of whatever upon the subject, the treaty * a dead totter, the condition of the atmosphere; but it and the trump of resurrection will never revive it. Senor will be to a great extent superseded Mata will return to this city to a few weeks aad establish.Nicnoia, Jaa Bowes. J H Beekmann. Lecm Gaertn. Aadinsell. "(•AB.VKn.-OD Saturday evening, Mai-cn 17. JAJEBBGAS- Ageata wsnnd to Sinvssi for thto varsabie work. Isesssouragseaareasttobefound wswil;siwhen the new system shall have been fully perfected and » euceesaful operation. It is a valuable old domestic servant, and renders good service in telling several hours aheadthe legation at the National.Accounts from Chile represent a somewhat improved condition of affairs, so far as our country is con cerned. It appears further, that both the govern,prist.A Sabscripuos Book a to be found at theaertbsrs osmes wX be regwteredsad eoptes asm to sf the arrD. APPLRTOB a COSat and SSIwhat kind of weather we are going to have— meat and the revolutionists had been collecting certain whether umbrellas or parasols will be re- bonds of American dusens. but by the prompt mterven quired—whether it will rain or shine, be boa of Minister Bgier the goverment was made re-sponsibleThirty eighth street, tha (Monday) afternoon, at three o'clockHorn.—OL Saturday, March 17. of scarlet fever, Ei.i SAifflTB. eldest daughter oi John C and Mary Hoch, aged 16 years.The friends and relatives of the fami'y are respectfully invited to attend tbe tnneral from the residence of her father, 64 Sixth street, this (Monday) afternoon, at two oclock. Her remainswill betakento theLutheranCe metery for interment.Hrwrr—Oa Saturday. March 17. Lr-rasxA LATHHOP twin daughter of Manlon T and Liihena I. Hewit.The friends of the family are invited to attend the fu- neral this (Monday) afternoon, at two o clock trom their residence, ik. Madison streetHsRBirT —On Sunday, March 18. in the 26th year,o' her aire. EUJCS HS&BSBT. wile of Wm L Herbert, and youngest daughter of ui- .ate Hannah Lmo.eyHer friends ami acquaintances are respect: illy iQ-'.ted to attend the lunerai from her late residence. Ill Hudson street, on Tuesday afternoon, at two o'clock.MfMiSj.w—On Sunday March l v FKAKHI' H"V»V M1*!HAS FLXTTRSS. embraciBg macv novelties tn designs.' The pnoes are <»«-*til to the lowest remunerating rates.W. J. F. DA1LBTY S CO.. s a i - •K. B —A lot of second baud Chandeliers at aPERRY'S J A P A N n s BBOOT AMDSHOR POLISHi-PLFNP'P OLOSB—KO HUMBUG-gOILS BOTnTJBR.Sold everywhere. JAi'ANEaR POLISH OO, 44* Broome areet, one door w e t ef ~will be spent. We shall also know what kind year by Mr. Curtis, chairman of the present committee, of weather they have in France, in Russia,at and member of the select Pacuic Bahroad Committee of the Cape of Good Hope, up among the Eastern tost Congress, to far as it affords pecuniary aid by toe go archipelagoes, away south in the great island vercinenL. Itprovides for a loan to the contractors offifty millions of dollars, and alternate sections of land. as usually provided; the work lo be commenced at each end at the tame time, a certain payment m money to be made for the first degree of longitude, and to in-Parties Wai.ng Bitter and L«nermiBed not to succumbo ci'CK. irom the residence oi his parents Nu Y& Cana street, corner of Ciirystie ttreet.niete as it was laataniAaeous Yours, vsrr tniyJOH5 Livtaerroif.continent of the Pacific—in a woai. all overthe earth. The effects of this telegraphic ba-rometer will be prodigious, and will create arevolution in science, commerce and other de- crease x a given ratio until the work is completed.New York and Vieinity of importance Report" of theCattle. Provision and Money Ma^ets, ami aL interesting morning, at eight ocloc,.. from the residence of his " Y and dirigslsti and dealers generally Depotpartments of civilized life.mak ng the receipts to contractors for the last degree about twice the amount paid for the first. More aid pro- portionately for the same distance it furnished to thetii th<- Revolutionary War I. in the 85th year of her age Her relatives and friends are invited ui attend theTHE CXNTMAL PARE Bnx.—The loan demand- Pacific end than to the eastern, to consequence of ed by the Central Park Commission has passed the higher prices required for labor aad materialboth houses of the Legislature and. abundant Although Mr Curtis' proposition has not been really funds being provided, nothing will now adopted, the debate on the subject developea little or noi-Kict —"n Sunday. March 18, Mrs MAKI S Paics. m the 100th year of uer a^eInv •? an insoesuon of their sttraenve annng for boji, a: tbe*r Broadwsy store, B4, and*- the Pries* diaucgiuthed for the same cbespneaihe cenirai esianiahmen: of the arm. 121, I S Fpreventtheworksfrom being prosecutedwithopposition to it. except to the donation of toad, which mayDrawings oftheDelaware State Lotte- ries WOOB, KDDT A OO . Masagersot theDt^AWAtts, uXoasiA, kktrrrcKT A5D mssocR! STATI LOTTSKIE!".P F i i w i r . r - E i m CLASS. HO. 131. MARCH 17. 186U.29, 3, 52, U , 54, 2, 2S, 1, 6, 40. 72, J'J. DSLAWAKB—CLASS HO. 132, MARCH 17 i86040. 31. 1 . 4 3 , TO, 9, 12. 32. 63. 33. 24, 50, IT. 23.<>«}. Ctrc Jars sect free of charge b v addreaBlngWOOD, BltDT a CO., Wllmmgfon. Delaware.Herring's Paltst Champion Fireand buifhr BresfBStaa 261 Broadway sornet sf Murray ttreat, Bew fork-rai without further invitation, from the residence of ber son in law. C. F. Bunner. No. 182 East Twentieth street ou Tuesda> afternoon, at two o ciocuRATIUA>"—On Saturday March 17 MART BATtaA>. aged 65 years, a native of Westmeath, parish Rallymore, fre land.Tbe fnends of the fanuy are respectful ;y in-vited to attend the funeral, from S5 West.Twenty fifth street, t h a (Monday 1 afternoon, at two o'clock.RLAMLAKI>—Oti Sun-lay morning. March 18, I.rcr AGNBS. daughter of Thomas M.and Jennie E RianharJ. aged 6 months and 1 s days.i.ei, emer. • I'lch-ng. merahant latlonng aad i>a'tmrr.s . u .rpasaed m liroadway tn vartetv sud oi-hiur dear. Mo Btoand price asked er arnas,STRBIOftt'OPIC YHirs ANDat low prises1 APPLaTOM h CO.,be stricken out, and the opinion a that it may in thatshape renewed activity. We trust that the unusually prevail. The route contained in his proportion ts about propitious character of the present weather will the same as that surveyed by Colon*, Lander, by way of be taken advantage of to urge them forward the South Pats, to commence at or near St. Joseph, on theS A » > n i i. RIR«, AP.OLT TO REMOYR TO443 and 4to Broadway. aboveHowardahw.Ji dietose of their presest stock at greatly -sc cad A selection n a y be made from some 30JMU shoes,tarent.Everyvarietyoflaatrnntntfortale.A eata'og- ie of flews and irawieg* ef TiisliBBBMiai anaWith all possible rapidity, so that during the ensuing summer our citizens and visiters mayMissouri, and terminate at San Francisco. If the Com mittee decide set to grant the public land as a reward for services, they will increase the amount of money to beThe fneiul.- of the familj are r^pectfully mrited to at- •Spring; Fashion Hate and Caps of tendthefuneral, from theresidenceofherparents.No.be enabled to realize to some extent the bene- paid by the government to tome seventy or eighty mil- fits of this delightful resort. lions, Allowing enough toad of course for right of way, tadThe explanation offered by Mr. McLeod a section every etght er ten miles tor stations. It is e*all the latest avian Call aad took at them. 49 West Fourteenth street, on Tuesday afternoon, at fourOpeningformimesandchildrenaStrawQnods,March30. oclock.H-KU-Uiit., Sol Caaal areet. SASDK—On Saturday morning. March 17, of inflammaanyaddremonreceiptofatarns.PRIKG OTEBCOAT>-FRaM EIGHT TO 8Murphy in the Senate, of the motives of thecourse which he pursued in reference to theCentral Park bill, is marked by good sense andtimated that the read will be seventeen hundred aad fifty miies kmg Curtis' bill grants alternate sections on each aids six miles in length, and each section con t»i«i six hundred aad forty acres, which would amountment, playing in '• All Hallow's Eve, - The Customs of the Country,*" and the • Irish Tiger," three capita! plays. Mr. Waltock announces thai, although be has several new pieces ready sor production, he is obliged to keep the '-RomanceofaNPoi<rYoungMan inthebillsofhittheatre. The busihesF, technically speaking is still verygood, and therefore^!ie piece will be payed till furthernotice. It i£ one of che recognized Metropolitan attrac- bans.Mr Bourcicatiit's new comedy, '• Vanity Fair.' will be played during all this week at Laura Keece s theatre. ThejMssest arucie for S w i n g , HeaittfytBg, cieaaamg. curling, The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully prsssrvlug and restoemg the hair. Ladies, try iu Sold »j aL invited to attend the funeral from the' residence of h afather, o4 Last Twelftn ttreet, tha (Monday; aitomoon, atr«f«ng JischJieNo 1 "ewisg; Msciunf ibsramfltyjj?ewing Marhtas A Tbe Family Pewtng Macbmegcandor, and wQl meet with general approval. to a donation of about eighteen and a ball uuliion acres of it was desirable that unless incontrovertible public lands. The land grant » . aad wit) continue to be.tosproTBBMBtmwigs. Ssparateroomsforladies.16BendStaienIsland,ofdipthem.MrJOHNSMITH,lateofLiver-I pool. England and Quebec, Canada, agei 34 years.4La.BJ-,°**H*uePalteastrssvBusMra.gTO«ne> could be shown for it. the works inthe Park should sot be longer suspended for•rant of funds. Mr. Murphy was therefore rightin yielding to the general sense of the publicin sot offering further opposition to the bill,led he maintains hie consistency by declaringhis intention to accept the invitation of the Select Committee since Ms announcement to the House,Beantlfal Complexion.—Laird s Llqwlel rwarihsssstiBiaSasalBlBlVj as aavma no equal forAmos ttreet, this (Monday) afternoon, Friends are hereby invited to attend.at threeoclockduring the recess, for the purpose of their affairs. As such grave ciat Pike's Peak. It to believed that this project of Mr. Htodman win be supported by Mr. Phelps, of Missouri. whose apecmnty * a road along the thirty fifth parallel. Shouldthisbetheease,andaroadsoothefthattonettotheft-sends of aa exclusive northern read, Pant, to Minnesota, will be tatianed with at Saitlake City, aad to Oregon. It is arguedre Ban ef mill directly to Sanof a war with Francel a •aiasd to Washington Territoryto Quarrel,' will be played to-night.At the Bowery theatre an actress who * announced asthat Should they turnSpy," Celeste a well known drama. Two other pieces are tnnff*!1"??'"At the New Bowery theatre, Mrs. Farren, one of the best tragediennes on the American stage, commences an Faaay Fits Farren. a young tody whoWlMlswiit due to the Comto have been founded on will feel alt the<Ada Isaacs Menken (Mrs. J. C. Heenan)" commencesJ*NH»*»».:TThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CinetittsWtuftet.of the;i «" M ,i.1 butashorttimeonthestag*,buthasstillbeenDr.Otuj lb tana a butue.ito Apply BateIIHSCBI.l.ASlSOt'S.~Z wnrRDRXL'S—THE ORANGE BLO«S0M WEDDING /Ra^etoewa^BkUrely saw vary efcajanL Only at 901wTRRDaXL'S—WMDDniG CARDS, BrOTK, 1 *t«d Cartte stegnatly engraved, only ttfJT ALL THE STAT c.a_ —:r~OCBtncui. waawnfwroK ssaraxtsC- Wassnema, March 11, IMA.LiasEEPOSTorm SAOIoremu*»me n— The ifttm—t Watch appeared to a New York at seam sen omneated to sen Cose to the Uaaednt, _MM^DK and dctenninad raristenos«/AspeopleofHowYorkina innerwant,uatiun Hptothekttestadvicesfromearu J C u nBa£f£ w ^ l taOtMafi wi r^^TffPST flsT vDeaUOsfta •&* BO CMC B 9allowCdM-llsa swaflv to open segotistioas m tothe I will add tofriendly torpeopleofthaUnitedSkates,orm sniosoaa wxm anawaaaa aivarado, tfce Boaaoraa Muuster who arrrredprovincial tour has been remarkably tuceassfnl. Mme. Gazzaniga gave a coastrt in St Leuia tost week, m route for New Orleans.Arrivals auad Depart are*. ARRIV ALS.Nrw OKUAWS Aim HAVABA —Steamship De Soto, from Harass—Mrs H A caidwell, Mra L A t.ray Mm M OU1, Mr W K Y o'iag. W C Y ouog Mrs B O Deuniaon and Lhrenciilidreo, «r« T Oliver. MrsSeChaee. Sirs AUebaebe. Cap7WD}«r, AaroaTUiton. T C Clark. T C Varnum. Q L Harrison, Cant Wan, Capt J Bender Mws Everett, Mr N C Wooaer, J W r ai,er.*. HF Bead. Miss Nelly Truga. Man Amelia Trugia, Mr Kii,: a- C F i ooaey, h. Majaz, Pabio Cardre, Feraaado Rivera, t'CDBtaneto Delnarves, Francisco Rovlra. tonw Kemaode-. R. btS LaTB-.m F Parrega, <^Crdaneta,Capt Jas Wlncbeatex, Ci'snceco Feraaadez, Joi Kanaou F'leatas. John Kin^, Oil-er (.seeH.iniii'.{.-8t»*aajatip Tettonia—Mrs Salem and family, Jas ii'lc. MradapenacdMRily. Ffetrt'it and J4itn the steerage.DKP ARTlTtaS.yusassrows AST)Livsajrt)OL-^^aBaBBi|)Glasgow—Oeorgetoad the funeral, from the residence of her bsether. PwrickfSeraghty, No. 15 Mettstreet, t h a (htonday) after aeon, at two o'clsek.BAaaoBk—Suddenly, en Balm day, March 17, raaax RAEMona.toa of Harvey and nana Barmore aged 4 years », months and 9 daya.Patersoc pensrs please copy.Bom.—At Washington. D. i , on Thursday, March 15, DAVID A. BOUSE, in tbe 56th year of his age.The relative* and frienda of the family are invited to attend the tnneral services, from his late residence. No. 143Hickastreet.Brooklyn,this (Monday) afternoon, at four o'clock, without further invitation.BOYD—In Brooklyn, on Saturday. March 17, aaacm. BOYD. M. D.,in the 64th year of hh age.The friends aad relatives of the family are invited to at- tend h h funeral, irom h a late reauience.aM Union street. Una (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock, without further notice.CORK.—On Saturday. March 17, MARY A W MAGrmx.the beloved wife ol John Corr, formerly of Irvmestown. ooun ty Formaaagh, Ireland, in tbe 46th year of her age.fair way of speedy accomplishment, will be informed byearned out by the English gOTemmcnt.doing her sliare in the work, aad they will present a for- mdablearraywhentheyarriveatthe moatnofthePei13J Falton areetat gas are avaed lo oall aademsttDe <<r.lAH01T8 Pa-aSewYorkprtnt. Mucasapo,theJuarezMinisteror For« jjn AXtirs, and father \n -law of 8enor Mata. m a j be detauied at Vera Cruz, should a collision occur between!•.'•SKiTT.—AtHavana,Cuba,onWednesday Feb.29, enabledtoovercometketuckeringmotionsnimplsaatBtassttreaty now They were anxious when they feared Mira-Cloudy or pleasant whether it will keep fairor stcnn. In a limited sphere it worked andstill works well; but here is a gigantic, a uni-versal barometer, which will tell us the pro- prise to our government which had no doubt of its rntih issued a circular to the public asking for a new sub-gress and the forces of the wind in every partof the world, the direction of storms,andatwhat hours they may be expected to arrive atdifferent places, and, in fact, everything re-lating to the atmospheric currents of the globe.Thus we shall know at what precise hour thegale, which commenced yesterday or the day ten o clock, but on Tuesday evening they wili meetandscription for the next season which will commence in October next and close in March. 1W1 There will be from seventy five to eighty representations by a completeGIRASO Housi. PunPsor CHA« frsGHATn—I fretiy give It AAmy uptrassTOUT kiecms Oil a among the most wonderfel renaaann ef modern USMS. A: the earner, reliant of a lady who aliases that the had basn relieved of a BUS: patafal •Tisanes by Sn nae. T was ii>dceed to try a bottle, though st the oats of s s r - ehaamg. 1 f-: 1y belis^sd it lo be a q lack modlrmc. aad a sahaV pensv h-jaoujr- B i: a tiia. oonrmosa am that itsoaBBaana magic power, aud us use will prors a bieastag to suffenag a a - ssaany 1 reeeutly vx>a a colli from a'eeptacTn damp ahsaSa,A VKW tmxATT wrrn sicaaAnr.i.Negotiations with Nicaragua for another treaty will be resumed The rejection of the one on Friday was a sur-Mr Maunstem, the director of the French theatre, hascation by the donatePROFDsGRATH'S 8LMCTRI0 OIL. Sdiwr of Law Magazine suradran ?ACITO s.uutOA.i.The Select Pacific Railroad Committee of the House bada meeting yesterday afternoon. twelve members beingThe number of subscribers ispresentbeen considered. general terms.None of the bills offered in the House have yet The subject was yesterday discussed in The committee meet again to morrow. atIreland." iLterestiaf Intelligence from Japan Letters goni' well, and be has the full confidence of the habitue*. irum i.»or Corresraaaent ID Arizona Territory lettersatrioraly opposed by the friends of the Homestead bill. They will inatot upon keeping the pnbHc domain out of the bands of speculators and the distribution of it to the actual settlers, who will improve it s a d thereby devetope the resources of the country, and are to favor of paying solid money for the cesnarnctlCK of Facinc railroadsHis funeral will take place from his late residence, inTO T H E PRrGGTSTS A N Dwi.-ia 01 DTJOrsths Riectrtc UTHR FWOFLR.KEW TQB£1860.--TRIPI*aS SHEET.by thatthe House Committee en Military Aflairs on Tnes- eay, when Mr. Stout, member of Otagress from th.it State, will appear sad argue the case in favor of the payment of thedebt.tnnavT TASKS.An effort Wul be made at thto session of Congress toplace the Navy Yards under civil superintendence The proposition is favorably received by many of the loading member? of CongressA GEAHI> Bill- AT WIILAHn'3Tickets will be issued to morrow for a grand ball atWdlard's, which is to come eft on the SSth test,, wntcii will, if possible, eclipse tn.- Napier ballThe general impression seems to be that Congress will remain in session till about the let of July.Meeting ef thte Norfolk Merchants. Ate. Nonrou, Ya.. March 18.1300.A large meeting of the merchants to protest against the proposed odious one per cent bil' on merchants sales washeIdheretostevening.Hon. F. Mailory, ex Congressman, an<i tae venerablePascal Schisaus, Vice Consul of France, are dangsronilv iii.Markets.MoaiT.B, Marcli IT. ISSGCot!t>inactiveandunchangedinprices.Silesto-day l,S0G':)ales. *Sir* ORLKAXS,March IT,"'S60 Cotton—Sales to day 7,5Co baies, clasing qtuet at easier batqcotablyunchangedprices. Sugarquietat6^ca7V tor fair to fully fair Moiasse^ dull at 34c. a 35c Freights tnd exchange unchanged.piece of music, if requested, er If aay artist will play aaongmal piece of mask, he will, after sees hearing it, ex-ecute the same correctly." Mr. Sam Coweli has beeaFrance, too, isMi Hlanman,ofArkansas whohasbeenaddedtothe author has a sew piece, called CotleenBswn tore hearts!WINES. ALRS, PORTBB, *l hawl.-the 3uen Wmet ana, trsetmnTMslraSOBS'RdneorgAla.I?J2.^Sw t\nl\ oaaav vumv 1.000 "^*SETAt the Broadway Bundotr. Mr Gay ter s burlesque, "The Coamisaiuners. andto aska committee tosit top the Central road proposed at or near Denver City, Romance of t Very Poor Young Man," and It lakes Twoproposes a breach read from Fort 9 % h . to Arkansas, tos e tread from Salt Lake (Sty to ana Titafttini, m save to be done by private mif|itoi. er by6f CaUfbraia sad Qstean and She Svntsrv efA new piece, called t Museum, Buckstcae s popular drama,esnktnavy; that n a hopeless to thmk of oonstructog abe safety" Love's At*—-KJTJS:wlO be played this afternoon aad even. " What to S V and toe other eaii-toiTiii?AT.n IfaPrriy.»V/AJL XiffIt^JR MVSSHGAn*! Mkfy h8aifl1 B . a a t w£E bw' H * • » * * » t h a t a < s » s V * »BsM fsvestiflstterOaautittee. with 9M8w jaaks then- reports, Nei the atiaeritw ^ "settta asysstog • tae facts before the gsentietef have awu beea preeentea to the public to tuts corrajpasdeaof,end the whole sabjsct has front time to time bean mo. rwtgnly axg-ned sad eabsrsteritotheeditorials of theHyatt, theeaatomacious witness, meanwhile rssaatos eutotly to the District jail. Seats of hit friends thmk, af ter satisfying the Senate that he was to tersest fa pre- tosttog.that he had Bettertotorm the committee that be aready to parts rirststlf, and tell what he knows, which htropeattobe just nothing at all; aad it * because of this fact that he was selected to make this contest with the senate of the United states, winch he has lUsceveted tobe a snare swweefnl body than he is ssawstt republicantotobe given mber* ** * * Hatorlcal gsa^Fv Bsti. a > er %? •* ' witnesses, wffl eao- eight o'etoek to-metve^ ******* Th*w31 bea^exosi-to their provisions. Such aa arrangement wal probably be consummated during the present week.—On Saturday, laarcii 17, ef the heart, Tamue C. Aiatmcan, aged Bl~ will take plane from hW late residence. Vo (Maniiay) •ftrnaati, at t e ee'etetk.Bona—On Saturday March 17. at siz o dees; P Ma long aad severe illness, which she bare with Carntam lertitade, BUBX Boris, in the fittfa year of herThe friends and teBBBwes of the Jassily and the memTBS OaSSRXf WAS BBR.The Oregon war debt win be eeasidcfe<i before suipasted. He will compose (impromptu) an originaliastiOnarmm of ia naif Banes of Kft,l»e9*>Wt¥K S SBIOBtmy,asmDali having any of tk todaposre?, will•UCTTMKSKS' rABiarr n i u m i u wjBBtssdnW Fourth!SCrBRB PARIX1R 1 wcaaiTTJlk,tielsSeisarmtsrandSBIM aossapssksdGROTIR A BAKIR'SNoraaLsan FAMILI satwiKO I hiDramatic a a d Musical Matters.The review of the week presents but lew interestingterred in Greenwood. The friends of the family are inwill saw tppear ••willbe produced.wuaISolloway'B Plila—Per withIllll. inlmttmhle BateCerttor^We. 1 elajatreet. HairefehKt ristadoro's tamtrDwo.^-The test ta the ween, w^oiysals anatately apuiisd. Se.8 ~Tae " Toadies will he produced at Nibkt's Saloon tins evening, with George Chr!Sty as the bibulous and pernefCAM RJELT vronented T^saothy—cetored, ef courseOther gesd thingsi xroarPLaiiTKenrfALiiai*/»Mr tad Mrs.WagingatCmcjuaati,mroutetortheSouth. Mr.Cowellt benoftheHarrisonenardarerassasttnllymritedtoatten:Aaenoana**Burners thesecumsr*.,io*ssaaafSMBST rv > re, M UcLeaAon, Mra ,-tauiUUe;. W ti WUil&ma. R fully invited to attend the funeral, this . Monday > after adTBBiages over any bnrstrs sow hi •*, Jw lc-wstur BMrssFt: r-n*r. J K CtreenougB, R Huntina. .tames MeCoiinm. Benvitcd to attend.features. The single novelty was Mr. Botircicault s co SjiriisiH ••••liaiahip Aujrusta—L Price Wm Martin. Chaa HmiKiSTtA, tieioved wife of John A. Ferrall. and second billty. local and geaeral. or who Swire a kwswiedgs ef SB*Uaest ph;Molsgjesi rsaasritbss, ibo'dd not foil to read B. Bt rwoiaoB over 490 passs. sad sssirv 1C0 sagraviasB. Prtoe BR roaiisd, and aekt by H. Q. LA WRRJfCR. So 1 Vsasy strsm. Aster Boose. •Hoover. ' it Price. Mrs Ievj. M >rone and wife. 1 E Aa months and 6 jays. tai- h and m r u g oroDclaa, a again for tale by tke angle bat- diewa. Manic IJ«I-T Mrs Fairbanks. Miss "ilrn^nik t Vi tle. Prtoe SI.F'j'llowa and wile. S M Hyali, James Hucitna, AioertSheae, The relatives and friends of the family, and the officer? r •:!'. dlrtettooR for <>ang are givenIMTORTAWf-INTBRaWTTHr,.Thatremed> I)r Goodaie a "Rrrtuae" for Catarrh, Ska wife, a, Bona'id" t-d Wife. Edwanl Rose. l»a»<; Frank. I I daughter of ELlis C. and Ann Maria Finch aged 1 year. 10 » a i e that has an often averted eooaaaapuon by remormg aa>Kimwin. S Le»y G ile!i.liar . a RSSCT er, Ja<> Wheeler am!Krxcn—On Friday, March 1«, ELLA CLAKUTDA, youneeat1 sewstockoffisabgoads to beBMtdVTU'_*o_ Nevertheless, ' Vanity Fair maybe accounted amoag as A. Jackson. Madams x.e Joen.., ii. H. Majpp, Miss Irwm. Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock. The remains will be Use ready oasde aurmreosts, an. Orar asek SB St to SIS; thedefinitesuccessesoftheseason, and judgedbycom- MMC„RlHidea,MissBait»r H. if Salter. Mr. Wasks aad takent<»Rocklandcounty,N.Y.,this(Monday)morning assssnttsfromS6teSB. CLARKK,lieWaiiamsnand choice troujie of artists.fixed at one hundred, and each agrees to take and pay fer one hundred dollars worth of tickets Smce Mr. Mauusuui has had the direction of the French theatre . everything hat:Jot) Barraj. Mrs H urtii. Mrs Mvers. S Mareus aad lad Miss .VBR, a native of Leicestershire, England, aged 86 years. u> any iinlisst (withm 3 000 aailav, pest oakJ Berry. Mrs M A Assam. J Whitehead. W W Parker. Mas M I Harrison, Ma Whiutoead. F Hodgaissno. J B Bean, Mrs >iamoie- Mrs WaUs. 8 t rooks. Too i Mannioc H Asher and fn«nd, M Mnrriasey, J E Fmith, Mrs Mardaga, J Mierasui A Simon Mra Hardy Mrs K M JeAaaon and two ini'ants. •> Myers and lad;, Mas J Rosenthal Miss A SoseoihaL Jno Rburke. B C Durham, P Doran, J M Springer. Root Wallace. Wm P Lamb. N E rnUlips. R J Parhon. H H Harvey. M M- era. W B (iaiea. T Beott. Miss Scou Mtas smite. C 8 Maul- '-has Meliharav J Salinger, M Brobe, J Harmoo. J Hiracu fed. H BraneO, J Kaufman. C D Plorer B Cslsman. J S Y U . H Brown, ladv ard two children. J F YPa'ne. ) P Beealej, J MSewaake. Edwd Basse. C Caine. W L Bmitb. Joh> I. Joaason— and < m the steerage.TEE FAMILY HERALD<cirhrntton of St. Patrick's Day in New \ ork-Intsreatlna from J»pan-\tw, from Arizona—The Shoemaker*- War— The Famous Breach of Promise Case— The Great Prize Fight—Local Sewa ofthe Metropolis—Market Reports. &c.TbeFAJdnv Hxiiviji. in its edition of Wednesday next,wul contain a full account o: tilt Celebration of St.Patrick a Day m New Y'.-rk with a report if the Lectureof Dr. ( ah '. at the Academy c Music on tne 'Fidelity ofRelatives and friends cf the family are respectively in vited to attend tbe funeral, without turther notice, at No. &•. West Twenty second street, on Tuesday, at twelve•Cock M.HArnm« —On Friday, Harch 16. Haasm, infant daugh-ter of James A. and Harriet Hayden.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to at PAJtTICXTLAR ATTKNTIONtendthefuneral,fromtheresidenceofherfather,64West IsreqaeaedtoourtaaiitiaeiuofaswstrleaefOREW, son of Terence and Mary Mulgrew ag*^i . yeare, and m'v rcca became ao m.ch iwo.iso aad painful that I < 7 mottiis and IS years not tarn m t beau. After using, without success everytfrom Uur Corresneeiienu ir. Lynn. Mass, giving a De-'CTiptioc 01 the PreaTest of the ••boemaker g War—Botn attend toe funeral, tliis ^Monday' afternoon, at two UI. I n * BBonusg I am weii. the relief oaring bees aa SBBS-The friends of the American Dramatic Fund Aisociai.in the Trial. Uie Latent Intelligence in Regard to ihe Apwill regret to bear that, owing to the h.-ary and -nes proacain;. Pr. F gist r Fng)tn 1. A., the ixial News cf tiendent l«dge No. 186, and Hiawatha Lod^e Nu 41U be answered wuh pleaaore.pected demands by aged am: invalid trusts, its funds are not in so nourishing a condition as is desirable It has been lound necessary, m fact, in order to preserve the principal of the fund intact. to diminish the sick allow acce. and to red ice the annnitit-* to a mer» pittance. Ac eftort will be made at the approaching annual benefit of the Fund to present to the public a very choice and attractive performance one that will command the attention of the public on its own merits, and which will we trust, be perfectly satisfactory to the public and net a large sum for the very worthy institution in aid of which it is givenThe leading point of interest m the theatrical announce meats tor this week is the debut of Mist Kate Bateman in a uramtti: version of Longfellow s Evangeline," which is to be produced at me Winter Warden on this evening The thoroughly national character of ail the surrouau togs of thi performance should attract to it the closest attention on the part of the public. Miss Bateman pays Evangeline a n l will be supported by Mr Ueorge Jordan, Mr. C. K. Mason, Mr. Jeileraon, an -. the company at the Garden The scenery by Mr Hayes, has been painted expresslyforthisplay.at V.bio's Garden. Mr. and Mrs. Barney Williams willcommencethethirdweekoftbeirverysuccessfulengage- Barry i Trleopherons Is the Boat and 2days.mgaadSUADBOLT OnSunday.March18,ofdropsyofthe a**»"L"•*?Iiar satsadSi psis.Pa. Pries.»c-.*^-•"••"Untitled Documentssam aWBraaaV Iwaj.KS a P ARR. aad au dealers aaie by H.tR^RS A PARK, asdaliDepot,Spring Style Dress Hate for GentlemenrsadT- WHITE, I t 316 Broadway, opposiie St. Paul's shursa.Billiard Playing—Salesrooms. 149 Ful- ton street. Nsw Torn. A. BASBTORD. Jr., invite,friendsnext four weeks to Cosrt and Bawsett areeu, Brooaiy u.Wheeler & Wilson's Sewing Machines.— Oaes SSt IMssri way, Bew ToriuE n r e k a Celebrated S e w i n g Maekilsies.— Priee SB9. Partsn net HA VIHU FULL AMOL'NT ACUCatO-brain, MARY Srf.xxs. daughter cf Altrei W.,'jr., aad _^,TB«AWTRJ» A SO. 1 GsOrTUsaniPS Mary Inn Shadboa. aged 2 years « months and 10 iayaWaL«..-On Sunday morning. *•***_, 0 , ^ 1 . an engagement this evening, playing to "The French DATBD. office 489 Broadway. S B -AUFHTS WASTED daughter of Patrick and Mae Jahh, • » » « TM «disooust sBswi I. Address D. J. LBVT. Geaerallord,coentyKilkenny, ^ehmdji^^^^io^w fns^XlioM^nSi.at twooctonk,fromN«. ^^^r^SSSs- MarchIS,Tmnu.•very year ui toe United aaswrnOmg i neat Relief aBZ^££$*Z'H- Btcstbs and 1 day^and Jane t Wthna, a ^ d Uat tailTh*» iri^nis o! the family are reapectfO'- invited to preset ic*d 07 a y pbyauan. 1 last evening tried yorrPhiladeiptia papers please f»py.Editor Mouhlv Law iUgazins. 1ST Broadway and lfi) W^st Pounseath street, S. TF A M ure tnv,ieti tc auend the lunerai, on Tuesday Pnee i5 cecta &>cents and SI per ootde. Sues enlarges, Forsae bv BARNE? A PARK, Noa. 13 aad 15 Park iwn,tather m law. Captain James Sleight, Third avenue, near phia. Pa. news matterf! oi tae preceding week TLird etreet. Mount Veruon.Pavxa—At Port Richmond, Suteu Island, on Sunday, PARSOF'8 RAT AND ROACU . EITKRMIMATOSL- Tsxas—%'2 a year; four cents a single copy Subscrip- March 18, Ltmoot PAVSS, widow of .lohu Payne (an officer Nosh la thoiicb: to have had an board as supply of "am*tions received at the onV?. northwest corner of Fulton aadNassau streets. New York. Single copies for sale at thecounter and by all news agents. Advortisesients inserted from the Reformed Dutiit cliarch. Tort Richmond. tt the usual HSRAL» rates.terminator '' from tbe fact that for iy stx aesks bedataat eeea.-.ral told by si. druggistscOGKRS * RA1MOKPlunerai, on Tuesday afternoon, at half past two o docitR Thefriendsofthelamityartinvite*;toattenuherlune- eele'ratedir.theeh?aadthroughouttheCnion.tionofthelungs,RosamA.SAJIW,Jr.aged27yearsaad .•fiaea.Batcnehnr's Hair Dye aad W igs are l'n- four o'clock.ntaiisd. Tae dye applied m private sfcrligai rocoa, Orsat Sans.—On Saturday, March 17, at Vanderbilt landing, Hesammg Gaugwa. . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ araadwsy > „ 1 .The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, at two oclock,fromNo 268Rivingionstreet.Van—At Speedwell. near Morristown. N J . em Fri- dayevening,MarchId, MASVC.wifeofStephen»ail,in the 66th year of her age ^The *jneral will take place from the Chnrcb of tteH* ae*mer. Mornstown. on Tnenisy nwrnin^at eieren odock The relatives and friends oi toe tauuiy are re quested to attend without further injttatton. ^ ^W ^ h a ^ S « a - « an-tovm.ns^RroanR, dollars a. UX Broadway SINGER* 8RW1NG MACHI!»k>.t t t iWM T JRAJti. mum. i, at M-nsamrt Hall. of fan to their wees:Mas gucar lax Bum —TheMeads of Mrs Ellen gartSttnndeVe*. h f.www.fultonhistory.com 