 lave7 think* ^ ^rnyed the !£»_>ep. l>> 11569.Lhare bees r». it by the Soo-*d in bewriagrrk Times ha* t u-geoflibeUags action re. th* other matters, » * t M r . F l o y d . ce here whet*coutrmTwnhiy H Aryl*ud that aad held U> answer atef Jfew-ITorkand Mr. 2. <X rety. I have Q in this Die.muzzling the SIznmarOy »r. n * charge ofViHbe likely should be the Waahingto* Mr. Cobbsaying thai onorabte.»rs registered atxonal Hotel: I. BCGriffim; >. Hiskrouofc.the appoiat- ter at Albany. mtihion to day xing ha* traa-«ETHE. •da>'from Mr. •rth about tbe at himself atfor semos.ii Preeideatu*Jeot. 5,1860L ondent of The he instaaoe of h libel on the J recent lector* N»GrootoUiau tion before ta«appearance i&sru.uonasteam aloop-osf- rhia aboat teeFfaag Officer te Savannah to3^ Democracy ? counsel w«tt» ^n in that Stat*, e- to claim ternWovJWpu 5, 13*50. tbe S-'ave show •c: on for OoYi- r Congree* are lie >»a*i-? eJeotey*ndsniae toLilODUt,opt. 5, 1860. xr<£ted for re- -the&opob-ep£ 5, I860.of A nbtsra,> <rvrti from » i» composedert 5,1860.i ^esterdjty fort.John Jtu•pt 5,1860.J* lid Coo- was jir irely|c Ex Gov.>zt each of tf Borli'jgton, HA af-/j>-^»ro4 Me Kp<«*OJL, r o - awwtead bill, tr> tn« orinci- rally indorsed^ nvention. Ad-CfJ.apt. 5, I860, otainated D r . M,with, a f«lDouglas asdLaaiouers, new m on the tax:.« iH0l»| iis city died at Denver City onThe Jacksotr Countr Fair coramencee to-day. A •which I am connected. It begets in me almost a feel-and give equality in the Union; and that on such prin-Of the dspotr ;ar». A coi- >«iiot. The.otibtf ui.m a n .*. 5, I860,id ne«s thiait 5, i860i ban-A>rlnm »ht. * Threel>„4&6r Sa*ter Hrindow. It<X cceebii*which we stand in language which compares well withthe decision of the Supreme Court, he says. The ex- street, last evening. Democrats who have voted theS3w?ity will go far in >his Union, has declared in the Senate/nentawen*maetatejofpupilageundfrtheableamonptofroutesbushes, admi5siouofmem-i•econd. $8 * said Mr. Bi eckinridge, while I read a very little from protect that right—precisely the' principles upon which time they have been organized. The officers of the Maggie, of New- Vork—James Culsop. vTTb© Tlponble with tfete Orange- men.said in larguage worthy bis exalted character and xep. to the best of our abDity it opposition to ..Bmancipa- vide for tbe people of the terrftorie^ a Government to U'afirn. Mr. jDouglas says, and to-day stands upon it, tiop, believing that the in ereets of bothraces in the keep the peace; t» secure their Br'operty; toaseign U) and cLims your votes.upop it, that a Territorial Tifgis-WALL-LAYER.ijwWDi^chton.N. Y. Tribune-EUKG«|N>K, C. W., Sept 5, 1860.1BI8 SPEECH AT fcEXTNGTCON. LEXIWOTOK, Ky., Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860., ^ e P r i n c e o f Wa es haviog been driven from this place by tbe obslinacy of the Orangemen, win now proceed to tbe vbrious cities and towns hereto- toforeindicatedinhi^proposedtour,"inorderto give them, too; an cjpportunity of rejecting him/' These are tbe eiact word* of the highest officeraccompanying the France.Tbe result in Kiogsto is precisely what was circumstances under which I appear before you areexpected. The-Orai getn<ion persisted this morning novel and unusual. I do it'in obedience to the request of friends, whose intelligence I have been accustomed[cheers]', because we were representing opposite prin- ciples; and just so it would be again under amilarcir- enmstances. So much for that charge. But I have seenpamphletspublished;mdcirculatedalloverthe Union for the purpose of proving-that I was a " Know-Nothing" in the year 1855 in the State of. Kentucky. [Loud laughter.] I have ilodoubt that a very consid- erable proportion of those listening to me were mem- bers oftbat Order in that yfear; and if there is a man among yon. who belonged tb the Order who ever saw me in one of your lodges, "Who did not know that I was recognizfd as one of Jtbe most uncompromising opponents of the " Know-Nothings," let bun be goodthem in that staije till th*y grow irrto snffiri»nt impoHf but it must, be held subject to 'such laws ^ b t w d d ^ ^ ppiaioilityof mtotoitUg anoe in point of population to be admitted into the as- tbe local Legislature may make. TheUnion se a State upon the same foviing with the orig- Snpreme Court eaye the Territorial l^is'atare cannot weebaoical for mmwaliaW m this tte h a ^ ^ ' o f (krm inalStates.]Mir.B.continued:Do>yousupposethat exclude.it,aridMr*C.saysthatnothingcanstrikehim ww^andfavw^dMe^^e^IUrv*the***** ef Daniel Webster, after the opinion of the Supreme as ' J" " '" ~ '*more violently than lefoire in their debwnstratiohs, and at 4 o'clock this afternoon the royal party took leave without having once touched tbe soil.The only familiar •mmunicatioQ with the shoreto observe; and if it be an uncommon thing for a per-son in: my position to addrees assemblies of people,, Ithe Hon. John J. Crit*enden whose name and author-ing out bowlders weighing from one to five tuns a a i from'one-half to seven-eighths under ground, at the < rate of one every three minutes. The machine is acoxcan otly say I hops to discuss topics in a manner not enough to say so now. [A Voice—"He ain'taltogether unworthy the attitude which I occupy. I here."] I believe that I was the first gentleman shaV certainly indulge in no language, which, in my in CoDgress who took a pouiiion against the organiza-opinion, will fa!l below the dignity of political discus- tion. When I returned h<me in the' Spring of 1855, it sion. The condition of my health and my position •was makirg great progress in the commonwealth, and,•vras a message from the Prince thanking the officer* of a' volunteer corps from Rome, N. Y., for their attention in visitiog Kingston to assist iu his escort Immediately after the departure, mas* j&eetxogs took' place, m which the Duke of New- castle and Sir Edmoad Head were rancoronsly as s a i l e d . I t w a s a s s e r t e d t h a t t h e O r a n g e m e n o f this city will proceed forthwith to Toronto to join in the party display at that place. . But official in- telHgence thence give* assorance of their positive erpuision in case any thing ot the sort is attempted.To tbm Aj-octatod Ttrm.KiKosTOff, C.-W., Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860.make it impossible to extend my voice over this vast although I was withdrawn from public life to attend by taxation." [Loud applause.] The practice Of the have rot shown that it is neither I nor the party which front of them are hitched to a rope which works thej aestmbiage; but I trust I will become stronger as-J to my private affairs, I opposed it in repeated-speeches'-' Government has been always different. Mr. Breckia-, nominated nee, but Mr. Douglas who has broken windlass through cog-wheels, multiplying the power 'has been no rain for sotie time, and the crops are saf- quired by the rules of the Democratic organization.havoc with our ticket and our principles.plause.] But if there be no-hing^ in my character to I doubt if there are fifty such in the Union. Un- The truth is, th»t it is but a polite manner that the kin<- justify this accusation, what is there in the platform doubtedly a number of gentlemen who were dissais- hearted Chairmsn of the Cominitt<-eo, Mr. Richmond, has of S»T- Now, gentlemen, having vindicated myself and the and principles upon which I stand ? If in thes« there fied with the Compromise meaeuree of 1850 now prefer ing wh»t we would ratber say with all possible sbarpneaa. Etefaring for tbe want of ITbsddeus Jtf- Rogerei w• as tried for tbe murder of a Convention, not to speak of individual?. The moetMexican on G'Miatmas last, and found gu'lty of mur- flagrant acts of injustice were perpetrated for the pur-., derinthefirtitdegree.|Hewillbehungonthe14th poseofformingaparticulardogmaupontheDemo-others to.} gree to them. We had agreed to refer that •o the highett tribunal in the Union.instant. This is tbe tir*i conviction of an American for mnrdex for twelve ye&i i.cratic organization, and the gentleman who is the rep-resentative of that dogma is the representative also ofabandoned tbe position they took in 1851 iu 1855, and resolutions as to property in the Territories. I willin 1856,1 turn upon myaccuser and undertake -to showthat he himself abandoned the agreement solemnly, the position of the Supreme Court ana the Govern-and if I were disposed to count noses, I doubt not th*re are many more of the same character who sus-to all J.he w. rid in geuer«l—including therefore tho Breckite*. We would say to the latter: " Drop your infamous orgvdzatiosi and become Democrats individually, or else be off, where y e aOreat co* plaint is inode about the arrival of the mail on Tuesdays and -eparrure oa Mondays. Cor- respondents have to l«t heir answer lay o'ver one week by the present arrange! . They wieh the mail toieadthem, and you enn judge whether they accord with Congre;.-e of the United States [tremendous cheering], resolutions lie continued.] That is the platform andfdepart irom Independei ce on Saturdays in place ofConvention, declaring that it was not a National Con-vtntion. of the real Democratic organization. The do it, but will prove it by himself. [Voices: " Good," tbey are not sectional,-for the Constitution is broad Sorthern States mace tbe nomination.prtsenttdto us on our Elect TRI ticket of that our friends ha thi* Sta< e may he sure- Tbey shall not be discouraged io this manner, eo let them work for the ticket, and the cause, with afl their might. • : •Moedays, so Santa F6 rrespondencs can answer th^irletters the next cay mail. *aftertitte arrival of the out-goingSiatss and of California and Oregon, withlarge minorities from other States, makinginwholeorinpartdelt-gatiohsfromalmosttwo-thirdsof the States ol tbe Confederacy! It represented aNational Democratic Convention, pending upon theauthority and loyalty of the Democratic party.. But/after all, the great question .is, what are the principlesv-bieh ought to commend themselves to the Americanstande upon the Constitution ?au neither be sectionalDo tbey say the whole of this mass were disunion^iete ? Why, gentlemen the country ia in a bad way,ifthi«beso.Butthechargeisarecklessone. Howis it with the Stat« of Kentucky ,_which is going to votein accordance with that principle? Is the State of BILLS.—Tbe famons Joint Reception Japanese Com-Judge J. L. Marrt of the26ib ult.upon, or leave to the people of the Territory of Kansas full no power to exclude our property, and each contended ciplee they can maintain tre Union a .d Constitution. haw held other meetings in the mean time. The ru- ower at any time, through its Terfitorinl legislature, to exclude•k. urdcr.LEXINGTON,. [Mo., Tuesday, Sept. 4, 1860.Kansas bill left tbat to be adjudicated by ihe Court, by v, Inch alone the constitutional question could be settled, finally.] * . . •-'...•Mr. Breckinridge continued: Mr. Douglas, in thesame debate, ussa the following language" in speakingmous votes in the Legislature have declared that these principles are those of the Constitution. I might pause here, out in support of these "principles I want the au- thority of Mr. Crittenden himself. [Applause.] Whfvt- ev*r doubt he may have as to my fidelity to, the Con- stitution .and Union, I do not hesitate to say that thataband- n a principle which ahe has declared to be the preeented by (Jen. Sandford, f o r " services of the First principle 01 the Constitution and the Union. [Loud Division."' The first tiill was allowed; the other btHK*pt. 5, 1860-Vtekly Demo-sounty,attho s and Johosos* rzjsg in favorapt. 5, I860.Ooferred: •>.isEwiogJr.. jph Nataaoiet^ Joseph Haft*conferred o» i. y and the io Diocese offurred! on the and. on toe notice of U>»pt. 5,1860. gL Aasoeiauoot •-:-An Irish rofzen nam James Gallagher was shot by George Callahan last ight, and died almost immo-of the attempt of bis colleague to cotrce an opinion outof him upon the question, "Whether a Territorial eminent gentleman-is deVoted to the Union. I do notapplause.].'. • • ' I!Iovements of Sen ator I>ougIa*.FREDERICK. Md.. Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860. Judge Douglas addressed a meeting of three or fourit is presumed has been allowed, as a prominent mem- ber of ihe Conrmittce is known to have said, when it was presented to him by Gen. Sandford, in room No. S City Hall—the remark being in reply to a brother4oenough to cover the*whole Union.. [Cheers.] He whoJSr i large attendance is antitipated.The Steanif|biip Chesapeake.SA V ANJ»A|;, Wednesday, Sept. 5 1860. Th#re i» a pr«»b»bility| tha*, tbe Chesapeake will work over the bar x&to deep * rater. She was perfectly tight•when laM heard from H *t night.Sailing iff the Arabia.-BosToik W^doesday, Sept. 5 I860. The A rabia sailed at 11 o'clock, to-day. She took 36 passengers for Liverpool, and 11 for Halifax, andabout $62,000 in specieentire delegation from the fifteen * Southern1" Gocd," aid loud applause] On the second day ofJuly, 3856/in debata upon a bill to authorize the .peo-ple of Kansas io. form a Constitution preparatory.. to ncr a Disunionist. These principles are taken almostadmissionintotheUnionasaState,thequestionarose verbatimfromtheSnpremeCourtoftheUnitedS'ates.as to what was the true! meaning of the Kansas-Ne- They are supported by the precedents and practice ofbraska bill and tbe liniiration of the power of the Ter- the Government. Tbey are principles upon which weritorial Government. Mr. Trumbull offered the follow- nay well live, and by which we may well all be will- Kentucky a disunion State? Tbe delegations from mittee of the Common Council privately held a m»et-Mr.Oreer-wood,Col:nmisMonerofIndianAffairs, was met at Big Bend, Arkansas River, getting aiongwell. ,The prairie is alive ith trains goiog to Fort Union,Pawnee Fork. Big T bers, and Denver City. The'eomnierce of the plauif. ij larger than ever before -known..pi ihoee are now at Pawnee Fork A laTge bond of Ara,m a starving condition". No hostile Indians w^re seen on thA route.'MKKTINGOFTHKJAPANESECOMMITTEE—CURIOUSdUateiy.ig, at 11 o'clock.., Ire.NEW ARK, N. 4 , Wednesday, Sept. 5, 1860. • A portion of Sturges L Son's saddlery hardware fac- tory, a four-story brick building, was burned at ~ o'clock this morning. The fire was caused by a forge.Los* $13,000; insured 1'ojr $12,000.—•The New-York •rrespondent of TJie Bostontc Legislature had the power to exclude slave property " from a Territory before it became a State ?" {Mr. B. here read from Mr. Douglas's speech a declaration thatyet believe he would advocate principles whioh he be- lieved were unconstitutional OIJ calculated Jo destroy tbe union of tbie country, and if I.can have bis eauctionVice President of the, York Central Railroad, diedreferred to tbe Supreme Court ]BAL TIMORE. Wednesday, Sept. 5, I860.- A Committee of Reception of one hundred have been appointed to receive Judge Douglas here, where hethe DireetOrs of the Net at bis residence this mo;Mr, B. Tead the third, fourth and fifth of Mr. Davis's resolutions, and referred to Mr. Crittenden's vote for them and eaid: Then I have the vote of my dis-Bpeake to morrow night.RE PUB LI CAN WARD, MEE.Tray.tcrift says: f* A gextlemant w sought the acqnamuimilitaryorganizat'onare:H.o.C«-nnett,New-York—DennisLeery. ' Ore*/-n, HudVon—John BestThe nmt.prize«IIitakenby theGennett;time,48mltu%see.-thousand people. Great entbueia*ui prevailed. Mr. Councilman—that be supposed they would have to giveO iiuary. \. Wednesday. Sept. 5, i860,Merrick of Illinois' is how addressing an immensetliis point in the Nebraska bill was a Judicial question, and indorsement for.the , principles I advocate,, it wiE crowd. Judge Dpaglas leaves to-morrow for Balti- the First Divison $17,000.SntACuai; sil-known citizen of thia city,which he would not discuss, because, by tho bill, it was go a great way in proving that they are Constitutional more.What thia money is for is a puzzle even to some of the Cotmcilmen who are net on the Committee. If for music only, the " City Fathers,'' it would appear, aVe disposed to pay roundly for the dulcet strains of braes bands. . *Horace White, a wjiBank of 8vracus9? and one ofand not disunion. •- Mr. Breckinridge continued,: On the 15th of Maylast in the Senate Mr. Douglas eaid: .[Mr. B. hare readan extract from the Bpiech of Mr. Douglas, con/iudingwi»b the assertion t'-atl " w e agreed to refer it to thejndi-iary and we agreed to abide by-their decision. I tinguished friend, declaring that thepe questions arethink I have shown that upon that point of dispute be -not minute nor unimportant; that the union of thefrween.the friends of the Kansas bill as to the power of. States rests upon an equality of rights among them;a Territorial Legislature to exe'ude slave property tbat ihat neither. Congress nor the Territorial Legislature Grat d street last evening. They received 105 new the rfgatfa at Poughkeepsie to witness the first day's? it was agreed to refer it to the SupremeBCourt, aud that has the right- to infringe the right of any citizen, and uniforms. This company is well officered, and. drill in race, which was as follows:_ j just returned from Europe, and cultivated the society ofCapt.Donaldson;Lioute-uaiit*—Firtt,J.DicVbart:Second.D. C. H^gan ; Thi.d. N. C. Hail, Fourth, i t C. Mill*; Fifth, CJxa«.Secoid p»i/.e to tbe Magxle« r < W Jto<y._Sh*ll fi;^u, two pair Ksulla. . First prise, ' e 4 * iGaribaldi, tor tbe expre purpose of testing his mofit*>l»r famiharity. His r imiration for the ch«ef is un-Moulded. He says t no idea of exclnsiveness, of longing to the Whig party, and they propped to methat if I would' not return to my own town and vote, they would not. If thoy would there would be six or seven vote's cast for Tsylor and but one cast for Cass. {Cheers) I accepted the proposition and.we wentprestige, of personalFannie. Newkurgh—Jake Baily and W . Jerrls, U"ra, Newburghr-^Thn Donohue and David Brown,r.udora, tin)«, 3MJmtn. 56 sec.rd:*TM -to"" —Six-carod Boats. Fir*t jwixe; sJtlCO; aecoud.This WMthe race of the day. Only two beats ran— of the Wlie-Awake Glub just organizing. They will the McCoy, of Poughkeepsie, and the Gush Banker,.>rtance or objects, appears to ../e patriot; he is accessible to - e v e r y o n e ; has nothing] to conoenl; pursues his great porpose with a candor equal to his. conrage, and a sin-Mr. B. here rend faorn the decision.Tbey all looked to tbe period When they should comewUl be BOreckless of its constitutional obligations as to mftke it necessary for Congress to declare its acta void.meeting at the Cooper Inetuute on the 13th.—Tho Eleventh Ward Bepublican Campaign Clube^^nt,„er t.he. n~u-.n..d. of th„egleness of heart that reaanda one of axUiqa* module of bunting (laughter) and had every man done as well asinto the Union ae a State as the time.when the Territo [Cheers.] But'in his speech he sustains the position in assembled at Lugar'a Hall, No. 435 East Houstonprimitive faith and bravery; in his habits Garibaldi is-ctical; be drinks nothing atrooger than coiToe andeataa o animal food: bis war drobe consists mainly of twored flannel shi to; at leattsoshw^s tbe regime folio wedOaring weeks of his lb iUi course with his American•frtendt It i« thi* self-ab egation. this mdral cons»atea-cr thi* absence of preto; jsion, whtcn makes Garibaldi an Emancipationist in 1H4'J, or at .least vote i for an beloved and reepeetedbr tbe masses. Thepresscon-tract rtad from C.'e speech declaree that a Territorial ticket of tbat paTty for years will be found in the rankstinnesto speculato upon]us.ultimate success,a^seems c o ^ r a t i v e S ^ ^ ^ s i ^ to what has been «*?fved;-for tbe time, exorcised and L l ^ " ^ onSW'1 hearts of a long crusbed p*opie--an through one man sClub will be held this evenirg in the newwigwam, corner, of Court and Douglas streets, which will beresolute heroism aud'humanity.• .the cordial welcome you have extended to me. Theit becoming him to point out ebme contrivance or de- roightior tban'tlJe Constitution th*tvice by which the Territorial Legislature could violate which tlie Constitution says youtbe constitutional rights of Southern Spates.. Not he. This is what Mr. Douglas assertsNor would Clay, nor any of the great and good men recognized, he will rend and destroywho figured in the earlier days of ypur, history. planse.] I derive some satisfaction from the fact that s^ttamg, we saw the maemWteaetual operation, tak- [Cheers ] Judgf s or Governors of the Territorial Gpv-Whole States'were excluded and disfranchised in thatbefore I am done; but, before I proceed further, I will group togcher and answer a number of personal accu- »aMcnf«, ftome^of which emanated in the State of Ken- tucky, and others elsewhere, by which through me it is awmp'ed to strike down the organization withSlavery into tmy Territory or State, nor to exclude it theref om, domebtic instituti nn in the pr own way. subject only to-the Con-stitution of the United States, was intended aud doe* confer last year both held that Territorial Legislatures haveing of humiliation to answer sjme of them; but as I have imposed upon myself the task, I-will answer them all as briefly as I can.A Voice—" Go it, John."S that every depar^mentof the Government must-protect Tbat is- What Oregon and California'say, as well as mors to that tflfect were not well grounded. lavery from said Territory or to recognize it, and reguUteit it When it became necessary. Mr. Joshua Boll, I be-tb'erein." . large minorities from the delegations of other States of What the,Committee did last night ia a mystery te Tha\ was Mr.. Trumbull's amendment, against which lieve, went a step further, by thinking the tune had tb*- Union. Senators and members of the House ofyour Conventions indorsed these principles, and the who have,lilled the highest 'stations iu public coencils, posed, however, that they met to put the " items" in aSenate and Commonwealth of Kentucky, by the unan- but. have now withdrawn from public, all concur in shape for presentation to the public, but as they had aaimous vote of both partite, indorsed them as being con- declaring that these a*e the principles of the Constitu- interest in the feast.at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, it ia stitutional and mie by the following resolution, which tion and they are not afraid to execute them. [Cheers. ]and GeoTge P . Jewett. ."Another charge, has been extensively circulated throughout tbe feouthorn. S.tates, asserting tbat I was( initiee of Thirteen of Iwbich Mr. Clay was chapman,.vhich resulted in tbe Compromise measures of low It is calm and lucid, hue no clap-trap phrases, and putBi me in mind of the language used by the Supreme Court.i. here quotecf frbm Vol. 21, Globe, part 1st,. [Mr. B. here quotec« . , - - . •I islature, but to leave $* question t o ^ dectded^byithepofwith no particle of sovereignty. "Further on iu thetame speech Mr. C. nees.the following language. Mr,C. goeB on to eay that, as the new Territorial Goven-rnent hae no sovereign or indepehdent right to act onthis enbject—tbe Supreme Court of the United Statesbavii g determined tbat every citizen of the United Statesvote for Old Abe. The Horn D. N.-Merritt addressesEmancipationist at some time or other. [Mr. Breckin- ridge here read an extract from a letter from the Han George Robertson, published in a Southern paper, having reference to his1 position on thi* question, and alluding to bia private aflairs, and commented on it at some length and with much severity.] The only time, said Mr. Breckinridge, tbat 1 know of the question of Emancipation being raised in Kentucky lumydiy,- was jn 1849, when we were electing delegated to a Convention to forma new Constitution-.' Th*u Dr. Breckinridge and Mr. Shey were Emancipatioa can-"Siing;i2th.—A public meeting of the South Brooklyn Campaignmin. 55 eecC O U N T E R F E I T S . —Counterfeit $3 billa on tho Jfc^r,*!and they con jem the rights of "person and property.They cannot.be abstract, minute, and unimportant forthey* concern the honor and equality of the States.Teeide thousands of miles away from our private strifes. the Clerk to the Councilmen), City HalL It was the What have they said that would lead any man to sup-people at lesue in this canvass? These I will discuss it io be the true intent and [meaning oi said act, not to W-giulatepose that vbey would bre-^k up tho union of the States ?They are impartial srritraiora of this dispute, and they'tell our Northern brethren that tney must do justicefirst meeting the Committee nave held since they yrrewL upon ashing for the since much-talked of $105,000 ap- propriation, although it has been reported that theydidates, and Mr. Wickliff aad I canvasses^ the countryI have promised nobody.. To these statements I chal- § eville, where an orange arch has been erected between lenge contradiction from any human being. [Cheers.] eiBtord that I had been charged with it, I was re- jlitical organizalion with which I am connected, are and thev are willing to see the Territorial Legislature then draw it wherever it is wanted. It can be laid aethe wharf and railroad station. The Orang«tnien will probacy charter a ste^ aaer. and fol>ow the Prince.A. voice—That s eo, John C. - ported to have admitted tbat thus power belonged to theA voice—Open your mouth wider. Territorial Legislature. In the month of September, reply now to what Mr. Douglas eays all over New- which nominated Mr. Belief Tennessee, and Mr. Ev- laid, the machine can be backed up to the wall, and Mr. B.—I did not seek or desire to be placed, before 1856, the editor of The Kentucky Statesman, pub- England, in Virginia, and wherever he goes because erett of Massachusetts,! have only to say. that certain-*The e>agistrates of t w Counties of Frontenac, Len-ox, and Addington, presented an address on board the tbe peop!e for tne office of President by any Conven- lished in this city, alludinc ) this charge, made the fol- it is quite natural for a gentleman as muck interested ly it announces no principles at all upon this subject, the rock pulled over by the other pair of oxen, and laidusteamer. tion. "When I returned to the State of Kentucky in the lowing statement, to which I beg to refer you. Mark as be to tb-ink that any man who disapproves his prin- none whatever. Gentlemen tell us that they are ad vo- on the walLTOROITTJO, Wednead4y? 8ept. 5,1860. Skiing of If 59, and was informed that some partial you, this was before the Pr< eidential election of 1856. ciples, must be aj Dieunibnist. [Cheers and laughter.] catincr the claims of these distinguished gentlemen upon This all seems very simpls and easy, and it is easierhim: fijiend, I am not in-any sense a canui^aie for the Ohio, that he (Breckinridgt) avowed-the BentimentePresidency, and I desired that my name might be taken be had often proclaimed in Kentucky, and which are down from the head of your columns. It was done. clearly embodied in. the Cincinnati platform,; that heA xery eminent ci'izen of the Commonwealth of Ken- denied that the Democratic party was in its Federalrelations a Pro-Slavery parjy,' that it was neither euoh Xzw-OKi.i i, Wednesday, Sept 5,1860. tucky was presented for that office. I was gratified to a party nor an Anti-Slavery party; that it rejected thecommon salutation is, jj? No surrender."From Havana. tAJiSBy tbe arrival of th« TJ. S. Mail steamship Empire see it; axd as far as my own declarations were con- interference of the Federal Governmen-eidier to in-City, from Havana lsti^nst., we have the following ad cerned, I united cordially in preeenting him for the suf- troduce or exclude Slavery] that it l-.ft the territories has not said thai] I was a dieunionist, but has nriraated sort"of Union they want. They say they are for the drUling holes for them. It is a wonder that among allThe city is healthy, The Sugar market dosed dull, u'tera word which would bring my name in conflict and enter into the Union without discrimination by. to a speech he made at Louisville. I have kuowh him but they are for* laws which would tnke away our chains, and oxen, nobody should have thought of thia at 8} reals. Stock in,jorti 215.000 boxes. Exchange with his or any other American citizen who deeired, or Congress on account of its allowance or prohibition of and 8dmired him- He has known me. Toward him property. [Cheers]. Thia is the'way in which theyon London, -HS-ft 1 Sight Exohange on New whose friends deeired for him"that position; and if you Slavery, axd tbat tbe statement that he (Breckinridge) • I have cherished, and expect to cherish, relations of are for the Constitution and the enforcement of the before. Mr. S. E. Boliea of Plymouth, Mass., the ha-"York,3J®4i *> cent premium. Freights firm.Later froni HonduroK.NEW-0KI[ICANS, Tuesday, Sept. 4 1860. The schooner TouceV has arrived here, bringing "dates from Buatan to the 20th and Truxillb to thewill'take the trouble to read the proce»diogs of the advocated " Squatter Sovereignty" was untrue. Charleston Convention, you will remember when Ire-,ceived the, vote of Arkansas, one of my friends arose Mr. Breckinridge continued': In. the Autumn of the and withdrew my name, declaring I would not alio w it same year, I received a Louisiana .paper containing re-respectful and Icordial esteem. . These are reasons laws, and tbey will shake bands withyou, under Hea- ventor of the machine, got his patent for it five yearsto come in conflict with this gentleman before the'Con-' vention. rnothing, consequently I have nothing further to say public. The machines appear to be very solidly built,which he denied that I had admitted thia doctrine ofthe Territorial power. He sent me a slip containing Illirois in terms of en ogy, he Bpeaks of his' fellow- But, fellow-citizens, the platform I have read to you Tbey weigh a little over a tun, and cost, aside fromnarks made by Gen. Mills, who heard my speech, io::- § ? | f ^?•' % "•amm WW$sdrx 'TBIJfiSDAY, SEt*TEMBER 6, 186*.:*.,<,*not given by <3org*eaiB>fiWetioat^^it is our duty to pro--Mr. Breckinridge on the Stump.At an early hour to-day the roads from all directions ridge voted against me and I voted against him propertyare al regularly provided for: to maintain from a Territory; that you may take it tbe»e, * 2 »ovelty ef a.«aebiwf«r eUoh labor exelt€4 a goodCommonwealth would be p romoted by the conwaanance them aenborduiBte legislative authority; to eee that the 1store, no matter what the Decision of the SupreoaeEverything way propitious for the gathering to-day. of their present relations. At the polls Dr. B'tflkjo- protection of their persons and the security o-f th«Lr Cornt may be, has the right to exclude slave property ^ o f a m « s b h w f o r < H g g m g s t ^ « lwere crowded witih people: At 11 o'clock a salute of 33 guns announced the arrival of Mr. Breckinridge. Hewashailed"withenthusiasticdemonstration.At11:20 o clock he arose and said:I beg von, my neighbors, friends, and old constitu.ents, to be assured that I feel profoundly grateful fortmore ^'consistent and contradictory thanto say that Jif*? *%**', r ^ bat«o4ticmg the ma<*me iato tbe Court that I hajve read to yob, would have.considered w Lile you may go there, theie is somebody stronger orJlS**ef t/««>Btiee ofrtW*a^7tb^'jhr wot^ti^reefci'\iiI:•wbo'ihg for a disruption of the Ccnfe deracy. I do not do it if Congress does not. In regard to the platformTbe Orangemen bavi > a xreeting here to-night to de- friends were presenting my name to the public in that Mr. Breckinridge then rend'from an editorial in Tin Indeed, by bis. declaration, we must be all Disunion- the principles of tbe Constitution, the Union, and the' than it seems. The holes drilled in the rocks wereoide what coarse to pnjsue. They will probably not connection, and a certain editor whose presence I see Kcntvcky Statesman of October, 1856, in which it iste in Kentucky, for he declares that those who enforcement of tbe laws. I presume there is scarcely *• • Ifljve way. The commitnity is greatly excited, and the here, had hoisted my name for the Pres'deocy, I said to was stated, that during hie tour through Indiana and avert-that Territoiial Legifelatures have nopow^rto a man in this assembly, and perhaps no one North or shallow that we were expecting all the while that tbeexclude slave property, and that Coogreee ahou!d in- South, who will admit that he is against the Union, hooks would slip or would break away the rock .whea terfere fpr i*t} protection, are diaunibnwts, and that is tie ConBtitutioDj and the enforcement of the laws— the enormous lifting power required to lift it and tear wbat the Legislature ofOKenvtji-ky said last yet they entertain the moet diverse and opposite opiu- away the earth which wedged many of them down, year. [Loud applause]. In hry oyrii State, where I IODB as to to the beet mode of sustaining the Constitu-tion, and tbe character of the lawe to be enforced. came to be applied. But they did not, and in seme thought my chajracter and antecedenis were known, Mr. Seward, Mr. Buriincrame, and Mr. Giddings will cases the hooks were applied even withoutfrages of the American'people. No time, in or out of open to common settlement from all the Statue; that that I am connected with an organization, whose bone Constitution so as to take away all"our rights. Thsy the iiyentive Yankees who have spent so many life-one of the oldest and most eminent of out public men tell you tbet'th'y are for the Union, but it,is tueir ownthe Commonwealth of Kentucky, did I do an act or each State was entitled to jform its own Constitution, and body is disunion. I refer to Mr. Crittenden, and tell you that they are for the enforcement of the htws, times digging out rocks with spades, and levers, andwhich, even if I had ground for it, would prevent any but perfect courtesy in reply. :ven, afterwards for the Union. [Laughter and cheers]. ago, but it is only lately, asd through an enterprising Then this platform gentlemen, declares, practically farmer, ;that it hai been brought to the notice of tbeAfter Bpeakipg of Mr. Lincoln in terms as compli-mentary as his principles merit, and the Senator from about it. [Cheers, and cries of "Good," "good."]When that Convention assembled at Baltimore, my his speech. In the same month before the Presidential citizens. He quotes the reference to himself in Mr. does contain a distinct enunciation of .certain, princi- the patent right to use them, $225. Messrs* Knapp 6& feelings and my conduct were still unchanged. After Crittenden's speech, arid continues as follows:,I'th-ink ples, which touches t^e rights of property and persons Co. offer to take out all.the rocks weighing bet ween,23dulfcA force of 700 me4 assembled outside the walls, the disruption which took place there, my name was election, I answered him, eaying hands off the whole my venerable and distinguished friend for the hope he : in the Territories, and wbat we regard to be the equalready to attack Walker used t< without any solicitation on my "part. Not subject by the Federal Government except for one or yet entertains tbat I am not a disunionist. [Laughter.] rights of the States; and we want to know if the peo- one and five tuns, on any ordinary piece of ground ia.An English man-of-war arrived at Truxillo on the deeming the presentation of my name-possible, I said I two protective purposes mentioned in the Constitution; Like a humane lawyer he gives me tne benefit pf a ple of Kentucky, are ready to meet the issue. We ap- tbe counties for which they hold the patent sight, at1 9 t b n h . • did not defcire to be presented to the American people. the equal rights of all sections in the common terri- doubt, and for this I thank nim. [Renewed, cheers.] Heavy cannonading jjwas heard at Ruatan on the I was content with the honors which bad been heaped tories, and the absolute power of each new State to As to my connections with the principles of a party morning of tbe 24th, lmjthe direction of Truxillo, which upon me by my State atd my country,' and I looked settle tie question in its Constitution. These are my which tends that way, I may speak of presently. Myperlto you, not. in behalf of any individual, but to $17 per hundred. They say it coets three or four etand by our own principles, founded an the Constitu- tines as much to do it in the old way, and that maay tion of the country. [Cries of " Good,"i" good."]lasted iill noon. forward /with pleasure to the prospect I had of serving doc-rinee, ar-d those of our platform; and what is object now is to relieve myeeif from the imputation of Now, if.:it be true, that I am not a Disun-' pieceB of ground, which would not pay for clearing upThe man-of-war stated on her arrival that her object my country in the Senate of the United States for the "Was to protect the citizjon* and property of Honduras, nextfeix.years- My name, however, was presented, and restore the revenu^ of Truxillo to the rightful au- and I felt I could not refuse to accept the. nominationthorities. under the circumstances ^without abandoning vital It is believed that tlje cannonading was from the principles and betraying my friends. It is said I wasmore, the Constitution. being a dieunicnist, and in this I would prefer to re- ionist, and if it be true that the politi- in the old way, can now be smoothed off at a profit. Now, fellow-citizens, against the statements of that, ceive a direct blow to have it sound like the'reluctant cal principles I advocate are not Disunion Their advertisement in this paper gives businesscombined attack of Guardiolaand the man-of-war.TbeWeWmexIcan Mail. I.VDJEPKWDU.MCKJ Mo., Tuesday, Sept. 4. I8601,The New-Mexican Tffkti with dates to the 21st alt., arrived to-day.;not rtgulaily nominated, and that an eminent citizen of Illinois was regularly nominated for the Presidency; butthatisaquesionInavenottimetodiscussto-day, and it has already been, thoroughly exhibited and dis- cussed upon before the people. I iefer you to the bold letter of your delegates from this Congressional Dis-it not rather hard to establish disunionism oh sound Mr. B., in passing, paid an eloquent tribute to Gen. men with conatitutional priccipl*.B. [Cries of "That's my speech in 1F54, in Congress, tbe article in"the Lex- Lane, and continued to speak of himself, Born witoin so."'] That, gentlemen, would seem 40 exhaust the ington paper before the Presidential ejection, the testi- eight of this spot, and known to you for near forty years, subject—sound men with constitutional prinoioles,SIGNlFfCANT.m •The Fifth at,d Seven h Infantry, from Utah, arnved trict. I mfcr you to tho masterly and exhaustive in Santa F6. in good b e a l i h T t e Fifth a^e stationed speech recently delivered by my honorable friend inmony of Gen. Mills, who [heard that speech in Tippe- canoe, and a y own Jetterjin answer to the latter gen- tleman, containing my opinion' of the question at thattime, and what has ever eirce been my opinion;A Voice—Now yon are talking.Mr. BreckiD ridge—Ithiik I have proven as fully asyour representative in the Legislature, in,Congres8, and other situations of trust, 1 invite any one to point tb anything in my character or antecedents which would sanction such a charge or such an imputation. [Cbeers.]I will not -<1*grade the dignity of my declaration by epithets, but 1 proudly .challenge my" bitterest enemy to pomt t" an act, to disclose an utterance or reveal awhich principles'! have announced in the form recog- nized in American politics to be asfe/ted by means of the bal ot-box. But a word on another subject. It is said that, although I am not a _Disunionist, the princi- ples I assert are not yet the object of the organization by which I have been nominated; whifh is to break up this confederacy, and I suppose they have selected me as the tool wfth which to execute that scheme. •»The Freeman's Journal, the leading Catholic jour-nal of the country, conducted by ah mtimate friend ofMr. Douglas, thus expreesf B itself concerning tho pro-posed fusion with the Breckinridge men:could be expected in tho limitations of a speech tbatat Fort Dcfi^no*>, and t|ie Seventh at Fort Bacbauan. whobe grounoB we: are now met. I can only say the charge ie unfounded. In fact, I will add that the thought of mine hostile to the Constitution or the UnijnN o F U S I O N W I T H A D I S U N I O N P A R T Y . — T h e D e m o - cratic State Conimitteo. in seealon in thia city last week, «p- poin'ed a Committee of three, to confer in regard to measure* tor bringing all Union men to unite with Democracy ia «app wt of tbe ticket of Presidential El *ctor« aeiected by the Conventioni!!«<ii1:;- i:vIniHA caxppeign against t!be Navaj^es will b? made this PalL The citizen< wil raise 1.000 volnnteera, inde- pendent of the regular tr«D7that- the Convention which assembled at thepoeitionl assumed was th it t«ken by all the. Southernfriends of the Nebraska bill, and by a portion of itsNorthern friends.. These were our "private opinions;these are the opinions we ought on all proper occasions my name successfully with the slightest taint of disloy- that their Constitutional rights will never be • recog- nism with thoae of the Democracy. The State Committee ha^»-to exprees. But we did not undertake to force all alty to the .Constitution and the Union. [Loud ap- nized A f*W.areperbapB per ae disuuionists, though no power, nor do we believe they have tha will, thua to pUqrThe weather continue s dry in the country. There tleman whom it presented never received the vote re-\ The man. does not. live who has the power to couplefriendrffor fear it looked toward a /union with intenrentio«i«t* tlemen in the Southern States of tb* Unim, who think aud diaunioniata wfao«c prof-.a»ed prlnr-iplea are in direct antago-Front-street Theater at Baltimore, in myjudgment was devoid, not only the'spirit of justicebut of the forms 'of regularity. [Cheers.] Tae gen-of the States. [Loud cheers. ] A VOICE—He couldn't do it."A Voice"—A bad instrument. [Cheers.]Mr. B.—I have no doubt there are a great many gen- at dyraense. Tbia ha« given aome unea»fne«i to a nuaihrr of oardistinguished Senator in which he undertakes to prove confession of a Borrowful friend. [Applause and- principlee, but the principles of the. Constitution, isdetails. ,allegations againet myself by himeelf; and thus oppose my own statemeit. Nextjin.proof 1 read to you fromlaughter.] • ' •ConstitutionalDemocracyfromthechargdofhaviog isanythingtojustifytbeaccusation,itmus'.beiuthe meforthePresidency,andsustainmeonthisplatform; says:"Wouldbedelighedtoacommd»t«you.Ifwecould,'*principles which I will be able to show repucraan-. aVketo reason and the Constitution. A decided ma ority of made at tho time tie Kansas'-Nebraska bill passed the ment, as.I have shown it to-day- [After reading thetain other gentlemen upon platforms not so constitu- belong, to your Republican allien.''tional and desirable as mine. [Cheers]. What is.the The two manners of address .will come to the same thing.the delegates from your own State withdrew from thePrinciple and necessity alike forbid the haviog the very *K*d*m and!willnottakemyeeflfasawitn,e«=iagainsthimto thesetheprinciplesavowed.Iftheyareconstitutional charge,^nearlytheentiredelegationofthesameState ortvipieion ofaYancey-Di*oDionrBrecldnridge-interventlonmanSing additional section to the bill: .'•"yjnd be iz further enacted, That the provision in the act to organize the Teriitorios of Nebraska and Kansas, which declaresing tb cie. [Loud cleers.j They are vital, important, California and Oregon were ia the Convention. Tbey irg last evening, at 7£ o'clock, in room No. 5 {officn ofWbat has been the position-of -Kentucky upon that but to leave the people tnepeof perfectly free to regulate their platform? Tbe candidates for Governor of this Statean overwhelming majority of the Senate voted,-includ- now arrived when ihe Government fhould interpose. B*p-resentativee from both^secti' ns of the Union, man outsiders. The seesion was a short one. It was sup-}ing Gen. Cass and Senator Douglas. L«t me, how- ever, do Mr. Douglas he justice to say that he was against that amendment, not because he aid not believe the Territorial Legislature had the power Jo exclideMr. B.—I believe it has been published in-almostevery Souihern newspaper of "the Opposition partythatJ signed a petition for the pardm oi John Brown, Slavery from the Territory, but because he did not be 1 must readras it is so apt, so pertinent, and eo con- Gentlemen,.tbe charge of disunion is baseless. Ad- probable that physical digestion wab the most impor-the Harper's Ferry murderer and traitor. This is un- true. So much for that. [Cries of good.] It baa been extensively charged and circulated that I was in favor or the election of Con." Taylor to the Presidency, and was opposed to tho election of Caee and Butler. This a'BO is wholly untnn. In. the year 1847 there was a neeni>g~ia the City of Lexington in which I partici- pated, axd in whicb Gon. Taylor was recommended for the Presidency of the United States. A difference of opinion 'existed at that time as to the political senti- ments" of that distinguished gentleman. I was assured upon grounds satisfactory to me that they coincided with mv own poliiical opinions, and I united in the meeting". Pretty soon afterward I went to Mexico. When 1 returned, twelve months afterward, in 1848. I found the campaign in full blast, with Taylor as the Whig and Case as tho Democratic candidate. It is •well known to thousaud* of those-within the. sound of my voice that as «oon as I returned borne I took the stump in behalf of .the-Democracy, and maintained its doctrines to tbe best of my ability.A Voice—All right.Mr. B.—I was not afraid to do it, because they were the representatives of my principles, and you miy judge of my zeal. As one of those gentlemen was my old commander and my friend, it was. said I was not present ai d dd not vote at the election at Lexing- ton in JH48, and that is true. But the explanation which my opponents have never published is^entirely Hatisfactory, showing that it was my intention to be absent during' the canvae6. But it was not my ' .ten- dontolosemyvote. Youallknowatthattimeasa ci izen I conld vote anywhere in the State, which was before tbe revision and adoption of our present Consti- tution. But it so happened that there were six orlieveitwas consistent to decide the quesion.legisla- clusive. [The resolutions of the last Legislature of vantage has been taken of the cordial loyalty of the tant part of their woriing last evening—the lees la- tively which they liad agreed to leave <o the Cimrt. Kentucky: were here read, ,but they are necessarily people of Kfnru'ky, and to the surprise • and d -light of tere*ting labor of digesting those troublesome " Itemis'*-Gen. Cats, said Mr. Breckinridge, eaye: [BTere Mr. B. omitted. J That is word for word the opinion of the the gentlemen who engaged in it, the scheme took bet-quoted from speeches of Gen. Ctsa to siiow that the Supreme Court, and the resolution of the National ter than ttey expect. But I am satisfied that theNorth and the South differed about the powers that Democratic Convention on which „ I stand to-day. sober ee^ond thought of the people will recall them tomight te given a Territorial Legislature, and that the Boih parties in Kentucky at the polls, and by unani- the assertion of their principles. Kentucky will never "items" are bills rtspectively of $10,000and $7,000,when it had been jutiiciallv determmed we should tl at if any'right be asaailed by the Territorial L-gis-abide by their decision!."] Now bear with me a while,- latore, it become necessary ^EftCongret8 to interfere to handsome style, especially considering how short a /.•»V»r i?<rc#.—Single Soull Working Boats. First prbw. 9U6:thedecisionoftbeSupremeCourtoftheUnitedSrate8 westandto-day. [Cheers]. Mydistinguishedfrienain the Dr*d Scott caseJ Let us for a moment turn to follow* d. these resolutions with a speech whichthe calm, en'ifthtened, judicial utterance of the moat I. find in The Daily Globe. /It is true heaugust tribunal upon tbe Earth (loud and long-contin- expressed a hope that the tune might never Douy i Sixth, F . N<?wman.ued cheering.) This opinion was concurred in by all come when it' would be necessary for Congress to The next meeting will be on Friday night, and they second, $20 Three boaU only appe»red in thia r*oe tuoujrh hrtLeight gentlemen also oecompanying me, all of them.be- the Judges of the Couk except two, and wai uttered interfere to-protect those rightB. 1 trust that the time were entered. They formed into line aa follows: 'iL-yaelf we should have carried the.State by 40,C00 ma- jority. (Applause). Among those. I remember three names of my friend*—Thomas S. *Kedd, Nelson Butlerrial authorities might act on the Bubiect of propertv, aid hold or exclude iho slave prupeny.of the South.(Applause.] Time w 11 not allow me to do much moreibbn state these propositions, but I will read short ab- Government is a creature of Congress, -endowed only stracts from the celebrated report made by the Com- with the powers conferred upon lt.by ita creator, au'lby the illuetiions Chief Justice 'of tie United States. will never come when any territorial .authority are preparing for a grand turn out at the ratification i.ndora, Newburgh—Git W u d and John Hawkiaa.Untitled Document. '-:•''••. ;-.•• • % ••".:"•'• '.::•','<mm—fc.ernmentB-are appointed by the President and Senate-ofthe United States, and paid out of the public Treasury; and recognized by his oath as Senator the principleeeo that the very (Legislature which they invoke to ex- upon winch we stand as the principles of the Constitu-clude your property from the Territories is one tion. [Cheers.] I cannot enlarge. Lappeal to you if compact and stout iron windlass on wheels, drawn by whose flaily expenses are paid out of the Treasury— I have not with reasonable hertainty, I may say COQ- one pair of oxen, while another pair immediately ha outof money to which that very property, contributes cluaively, repelled the accusations against me; if Iall over Kentucky. This satement may not be very ridge here entered into an argument to show-that Con- faitb;. that by the agreement at the time of thaacceptable to eome gentlemen in the eound of my voice, gress has power to protect property, in the Territories, passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill tbe constitutional by hand, in which case the power is multiplied twice i is but I do net want to drive any man. Istand upo'n, and in refutation of the' position recently taken by the point was to be bfe to the Snpreme Court. Have Imy principles, and am Wniifcto view them without Senator from Illinois, that Congress had never exor- not sbown that the Snpreme Court sustained onr cou or three times as much. Two very heavy chains are%j proceed. I have been asked, fellow-citizens, to speak I at my own home, because.I and the political organiza- tion with which I am connected, have been assailed inave been made against me personally, and in- one of opposite belief, and between -a naturalized and siend to-day, and they are the only princpies upon stitutional right, and exclude slave property when the chain which can easily be lengthened or shortened. dostriouely circulated -through other States' of theUnion; and next, to show that the principles an unnaturalized citizen. I never uttered such a which any human being will dure to pretend to charge Court eaysit hae not tbat power 1 Who has abandoned This chain is reeved through the shanks 'of the huge 'upon which I stand, are the principles of both the Con- sentiment. [Great applause. The underlying principle them with disunion. If they are the principles of tbe ground and violated the agreement? I have shown hooks which take hold of the. rocks. Tbe rocks are sutution and Union of our country, [great applause], with me was 'his, that the c<ndition of citizenship being tbe Constitution and the Union, then we are- Con- that the principles upon which we stand have been in- previously fitted for the ma<ihine by drilling holes iu and surely if. at any time tho justification could be once obtained, no quesfcon <:£. either birth or religion stitutionalists and Unionists, fcries of "That's dorsed and sanctioned by the Government, affirmed by opposite sides about three-quarter? of an inch deep. found by any man for addressing the*people in the posi- should be allowed to commit gle with political conmder- •so!" 'That's soil' ] and yet for two or three month* thebig! est judicial tribunal in the world,' voted to betion which I occupy, it will be founa in my case. datioc-s. .[Appl&uee.] I dsem it only ntcessary to you have heard nothing but a loud and incessant true by the two political parties in Kentucky in 1859. The machine is driven over a rock; the mast Anonymous writers and wandering orators have make three statements here succinct!v, and pass on; clamor tbat I and those DemoVrats with whom I am assented to by both' branches of the Legislature at the windlass, which > is' so high that a cho.-eu to tell tbe people that I, individually, am a dis- because I am speaking to assembled thousands who connected are aj disunion organization, who seek to and by an overwhelming majority of the whole rock of five or six/fcuns can be lifted two feet from thean unusual manner, and charged with treason to the slightest regai d to conse ju* noes. I am represented cised this power. The prihciplee. said Mr. Breckin- Btruction of tbe Constitution ? Have I not shown tha'. fastened to and reeled upon the barrel of the windlass;'%, my country. I appear before you to-day for the to this day as having said that I would make a political ridge,- I have tried feebly to vindicate hers, are the the agreement thus made baa been violated by the dec- they support a hook in whose jaw is hung a piece of So r p o t e o f r e p e l l i n g c e r t a i n a c c u s a t i o n s w h i c h d i f f i r e n c e b e t w e e n o n e o f m y o w n r e l i g i o u s b e l i e f a n d p r i n c i p l e s u p o n w h i c h t h e C o n s i t u t i o n a l D e m o c r a c y l a r a t i o n t h a t a e u b o r d i n a t - i a u t h o r i t y m a y d e n y t h e c o n -The*Orangemen baVi»held a meetiog^md,resolved totorn eot in procession i a honor of tbe Pxince of Wales. unionist and a traitor to my country; and they declare know their injustice. But,, fellow-citizens, to eojne to break up the cpnfedaraey of the States. I hardly Democratic party of Kemucky, and declared by Mrwith assurance that I have exhibited a treason, that more extended topics. It hi & been asserted that I. and know,:so far as it is a personal charge against mys^ll. Crittenden to be scund and true. [Loud and entho*t- ground, lowers the great grappling books; the man The City Council x&> >t this morning and paraed the makes by comparison with it Burr a patriot, and the the poliical organization wjith which I am-connected, how to answer itl [A voice: " Tell them it is a he !"] aeticcheering.] I tbink I have piled up a pyramid of below adjusts their points in the holes in the sides offollowing resomtim, with which the Mayor is pro- ceeding to the steamer;memory of Arnold respectable; but? fellow-citizens, have abandonedthe"ground;on whim we stood, in re- All over the country the charge of disunion is repeated fact and argument in support of these principles which the rocks, lengthening or shortening the chain holding; before I come to these topics I desire to make and gard to the Territorial question, in 1854and 1856-, that agrtihstme, and tjiose who believe with me by anony- ough to con mend itself to the grave consideration of the hooks as the reck is larger or smaller; the man at proveacomprehensivestatementinregardtomyposi- wethenoccupiedapceuionJwhichisnowoccupiedby mouswritersandwanderingorators. Then*whole everyinelligentua|n. Ihavetriedtodoitbylegiti-JtoejW,ThatMaWor»3(h>tbtMarorbereqne«tedtoconveyto MMJtoval BigmMM the I rince of WmUm tb» extr»tn« Tcjrret of tion in connection with the Presidency of the United tbe friend* and supporters'of Mr. Douglas and that stock in trade is disunion! disunion! Their continual mate facts and argument. I am not conscious of hav- the windlass then tightens the slack, while the man be-tb« Coot ell tb*t *uj drew oattace aboald bar* taken pUco to pt«*«i*. tbe landisK of bis Roy-J HIghntan in thto city, on his arrival h«r«. awl U»t tbi» < loondl request thithia Royal High- noM will be tjxaciooj^ piei*«d to land at the place appointed to rttr+r* the addreaa of the CUy.States. Ihaveb«ren charged with a p»emature ambi- eminent gertleroan himself. . I deny it. [Mr. B. cry is that this man and his party are attempting to ing appealed to any prpjudce Fellow citizens, can low gets up on the machine; then both heave at thethen prow-eded to prove hiB iposidon, referring to what break up the union of thees States. We eay, how cad you bear with me a little longer ? [A voiced—" YOBfor windlass. If they do not start the rock, the drivertion. • I have been charged with intriguing for the nomination; I have been charged with leaping before the wishes of the people, and desiring to thrust myselfErinciples be sectional or disuoionist which are a week," with loud cries of "Go on, go on."] I knowased strictly upon the Constitution, and the large of but one organization before the United States, whichTbe Orangemenpersist in parading the streets. They before, them for th» highest office in their gift. To trines amounced by me in tbat speech were just Buch number of young gentlemen who are ringiog bells, asserts tbe principles which I have undertaken to liable to break the machine. If they do start it, they•were drawn up on 'be wharf, as if te receive the that I answer it is wholly untrue. I have wrifen to as I have ever declared in the Commonwealth of Ken- with'tongue? as long, and beads as empty, as the bells prove. The Republican party has taken precisely op- tell the driver to go ahead, and he drives on the for- Prince, one of their riding up and down with nobody soliciting support; I have conversed with no- tucky—such as I have ever declared in every public which they ring, cry -.'*•Disunion! " "Disunion!" l oeite principles. Tney say we have no"rights in.the ' ward team, winding up the windlass. The rock rise* drawn sword, shootin " No surrender." The Prince body Bolhiting support; I have intrigued with nobody;• acdrees which I have made in Ohio, Indiana, Michi- [Prolonged laughter and cbeers.] From sources yet Territories witfi our property. Tbey say. Congress had out of the ground, and the team yoked to the machinerefused to land, aid 1 at 3 o'clock p. m- for B«lle- an, and Pennsylvania. Afterward, -when it was uu- more eminent ccmes the information that I and the a right to exclude it and tr>at it is its duty to do eo,is called his-'"Tippecanoe Speech."\Now, upon my own' personal vindication, the doc-helps them, and if tbe three cannot, it ia given up ae*!3bfei&3£&iI• i ,.^~• vk .jMUMi »fa&a#ii'pnpported by tte masses of the Democracy in all the on the Electoral ti?k»t we.are to v»te. No such name will beTINGS.••'-•• ' <*GRAND RKCATTA AT POVOHKEEPSIE.—From twelve The Tenth Ward Wide-Awakes met at No. 274 to fifteen thousand persons were present yesterday atSTONE-&IGGER ANDWe were invited to wi 2*** 7••terday at Yooken »,some twenty times. The windlass can also be worked•' ' i.the bottom stone of a wall, or, if the bottom atones arelikely bjeir g temporarily put off.It is'known quite authoritatively that two of theof Newburgh. It was wfon by the former; time, 3 •< this Club at their next meeting on Wednesday even- min.40.8ec. Newbuigh boat, second prise; time, 3jfcchants' Exchange Bank of New-York were in e^rouha- tion about the city last night; also, $2 o^aBtexth*0Kh>n<e case occurs—when property going there uader for ladiee. Tbie club is making itself very efficient in The Breekenridge and Lane Campaign Clab metlastthe Supreme Court -of: the Ucited States'shall require the cause of Republicanism, ita meetings are well night at No. 765 Broadway, and tran, ^ a M Q l i ^ rmay go into that Territoiy, carrying his slaves with.raire 945.1ference to exclude by Congress or the Territorial Leg-, anthciized to go there; therefore when the proper or Briggs of tbia city. Seats will, as usual, be reserved Ii>in* and holdiig them thers, my opinion is that theThat was non-intervention in 1850. It waif nomt.r Constitution is iO.proe.ct the property which it has addressed by tbe Hon. W. R. Bebee and James A. Whaling Bank of Connecticut.protection o! tr-e General G,overu«ient; «.hat taty havt uo powert-uch viiterpcsition, that it :s the duty cf.Congress to t <- tc-rpt^saiulgrcmprctection..-Thatwasnoblyandwellattended 'and jr.diciously manayed. and are exerting a./ Ua*pyroflueacedoouthe &uncuisr"icgpopulation.. oer«,'0ic. iji:4£&4&• • '^"Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•.'^•••••••»*^:**mm&M*!<-. • • ' ' » : ^•;v-.>4-'v'--: v^.--^:v.-v'i-..'-... -•& !{www.fultonhistory.com-"- —•MSHSkSkSHHM mm 