 rorDHicw-4_aionera haa l>eentbe of appointmentiomethlngcarieatntes of Daria or Jomr LiacEmoreCu or 0«T- Piam TilTirn f•m.tggitlat-TaBUBtieevado.l«e.«Ue.; OraMh-I»aoii4«.BnmR uiB rooBTH-ATiinnt[MiovPinnora*.mie atia ao to MMSiafatand are now, with their tiMtT-bOK, aafely sheltered in their quarter* at the^Hvm '.te' Tpael flopped, and while the band history,pedi«f tMijaonwyiD^a,o'clock, oq Sunday afternoon, theywmittmi^tmt from the .Soonoie to the PhUa- States District Court. Tbe great popular excite- iMMt,andintenminnteaafterwardswereat mentwhichhasattendedthisnotoriouscase,ofcourse, caused the Court-room to be filled, bnt contrarytogeneralexpectationbutlittle difficul-Society.Twenty-three petitionsO^Hal.terday, before Judge Suallst, in the Unitedso, but bas put the matter off from day to day onU^ jD^dack, yestaidar morning, the Pkilaid-;to commemorate, after the manner of ftim^iffaamdinaigktofthemultitudewhich theNew-Englai>dSociety,thelandingofthefiratthaexpelled{ ;fa tbe Inatitute. An address, in which the which mark it in oar own Cooperday. stumpWe can which is administered in this justiceA The play is excellently put upon the stage ;the fiH'etgB and domeaticHr. Caaaa, from tlie Court of j,de- clared they would be, "extremely noveU" A play or debatiDg societies the real reason for daylight. He is arrested, and a verdict of which carriea you from the saloon of a great ocean-aeeorfaiiee with the precedent which eonitaaies to be tendered before wmtCOboardiheTessei andwelcomedCity.in broadandfrom doobtfnl States, Hr. Bcwuto is not available,wfllbaTielded.Apreliminary meetingof Ger-arrived here at 1;were victorious. The secondif, in the opinion of delegationsConveotiooUiepieCnrenees of New-York and New-Boglandfamilies had under her a little Russian charge boy,chargebenafida], with the usual proportion of mis failure to pay over or produce the publicchiaraoa enactments, hadUuchcountrymen once suf-adjourned.anxiety with regard to the crops prevailed. The moneysintrustedto athat the grand secrethad beendiscovered, ;thepaperhave hadparticularsin our recentin Mr. Fowleb's impression seemed to be that there will be a disas- position "prima facie evidence of embezzle- trous failure. The rush of emigration to Carson ment." It is not to be understood, there-Yaliey continued,Downing-street,small as a Catholic's used to be forty years-; topay(278,000inliquidationof the State pension claims, leaving thatlnstitutlan self,ized with a capital of $7,000,000, anticipating a guilty of any intention ultimately to monthly return of $1,500,000 during the Sammer. defraud the Treasury. We make this ex-Jad|iB( from the statementa of our Utah cor-overburdened by study and devo-tbe Goremment is still driveahiiaktradeinmuleaandwagons. Instead of lantaC the purchase of these anSnals and ve- hlciaa to uo«e on the ground who were qualified to jodee of their true value, the Administrationpalliationand unmixed sorrow.It appears that Mr. Fowleb is in arrears to the Treasury in a sum certainly exceedingpowerTeepoadantidisposedaad^Xhe English papers are expressing fear that neutal Telegraph lines. Tbe appraprtatlons TBS SICBVCBS STTBTAmD—DKLBOAm TO BrOBs ..^haa eraered the from Uessrs. purchasetheir membersof Parliament will soon sink to theBoanu. t Waddkll, of 1,200 oxen, at $80yoke,whentheycould easily have been boughtforfiram $46 to $S0, and of 65 wagons, at $85 each,whiek had already been offered to our corres-pondent for $12. The Probate Courts in the Ter- $150,000 and it is statedEven the"levelof thatrowdyismwhich characterizes Ameri-State Treasury, after paying thtf State Prison and In-At a Democratic mass onmeeting Baturdafoldest of Ua defiomination in the nutterwss referred to a Committee of five.arrived at Carson 'Valley at 20 minutes past 1 ontbe 28th—from telegraph station to telegraph stadon, 10th InsL «^vaaaslaveboUer to membership contrary to the disci-mate. It is no means byplue. Twenty-three petitions for a in the "^ changeTMWL'<*j81averjr, and one against alteration, wenanUBltted. Various:by the Committee on Missions were adopted.Ike eonmni^ was Startled yesterday by ru-tary, KiST, and Attorney General Hooaans quarreled. aid tbe election of Mr. Buchanah Iiimself lowed, as this is, to preach insurrection every The Colonial Secretary cilled Her Majeetj's Attor-New-York and Boston, Mdiscount to 4)4 .- prsnilaaa %TM"»^eventsoccupied the office ofmay have been drawn from the Oovenunentcufsd the Attorney- General of beUxg drunk. The At-'^'gbenbsoquentverified, that Mr.years,hadproved tbeTreasuryweretoberestoredtoitagainthe a liar. The scene Speakery^ V '"7^ 'lio l5»»with the bitterest enemies of the Powers that be, without either receiving any notice from the law or the mob.In short, Ireland is now furnishing on a great scale a striking proof of the worthlessness ofhasturned from there. Be reports tliat the mine can be" ' '* *°" City for sevencourse,these tithes taken of ;'Wjg*"' aiMMlMrtotheGeneralGovernmentIn a largemade to month this Summer. yield (i,SOO,0(X) perThe PlacerviUe aad St Joseph's telegraph line Isextended and itsbeing eaatward, SuperintendentBaaaal &• SonaanKT, Coon.,mgm.V»has, It IS charged, laUed todeposit atthe Millstates It will be in working order, 4i miles east of and a to work on a prairia in- Carson City, during the preseat month.it is ssid thathas been„„ . 1^thu^nt,meetingforinsightlord,latelyfl^|»l l j OTer $155,000 of theream^mUitdmi tethe Government. This deficit thatbasbaO"^WiwltHntfor sometime,andthere proceedingspensed with in the neighboring towaa, and pui soaacountry.20,land Legislature we clip from an exchange, and 8 davB and 4 hours. The pony reached ^an Fran- and Key WestHajobs,Moaax, Sunday, It. Hayperdeeppurposes Committee on Itineracy was directed to report which the investigationa of Congress have al-Havana was healthy.wbathsr the Philadelphia Conference had passedon the eliaiacter of a alaveholder who had been ready shown that Mr. Buchanah and otherHabeas and trial by jury ate now his corpusasmuch as the subject is not foreign.Let theNewsisreceivedthattwentyounelsfromSiberia, Russia, will anive at San FranslBco about Midsum-Sugarswerefirmandactive. Hnsoovade.t\%nt reals.Holasses was dnlL Chiyed, SHaiK reals; Haa- covado, 4i(OSM teals.Freights active.Exchange oa London, 11K«I1!K premlam: tmeonnected with it, and vrtiether it had raised anyand as to the liberty of the Press, the Dublin Nation is astounding evidence that the Irish Press is the freest Press ia the world. In no other country would a newspaper be al-" Thunderer " devote a column or two high-tonedto the admonishment of their provincial legisla-tors" In the Houie en Friday night, the Colonial Secre-be used instead of mules for mountain ex- press and freight business betwe^i California and Salt Lake. -^'^An apparently well authenticated rumor prevails that the RotiiscBiLns have sent out an agent from Lcndon to examine the Wasboe silver mines.postal re-satisfactorilycommencement haa at laat beenmade in therightsuch aa these could tiave been arevadoM atata^eota regarding the disposition carried on through nearly the whole of aplow put "Two tons of cooper ore have arrived at Caraon CitywMwaiar,4atwf cured at t oleloelkTha41^UMttli BiBil, Satatea aet Kas^Sni^iMreiiMdr- fayilMtwa.lhoee.'fa'ftii6A^a£SSr.»»,for a tefvtnoai aal dTftat;ThaagUafiOB "Teaaat-Btght bUl" Imm WadatyaaahtfttWi^-»eontinaedIt is of thesurprising of theon Thursday evea-clrcnmstanoes.net m«saAssistant Postmaster-General, withotherfunc- of the cities almost exclusivelytionaiies of the bas come on to resented in the House of Commons by a com-GoTermnent,pins*The California Ponyo'clock this morning, wlthX^aiifomia dates to May 5, Oregon to April 118, and British Columbia to the 30thCalUomia are considered sadly dam-manswasIteldyesterday,todeterminewhatmodi- New-Yorktoinvestigatetheconditionofthe pactandclamorousbody,whichknowshowto governess,whodevotedmuchofhertimetode-ticatkn of the forthcomias platform will justify office under Mr. Fowleb's and make itself formidable to the strongest veloping his intelligence, and enabling him to keepExpressthe Gennan population in Supporting the nomina- supenriaion;tion. theMarslialoftheDistricthasreceivedawar- ministrythat now-a-days ever finds itself in In fact, the tendency of all the liberalpace with her other pupils.After many sleeplessTheOreilandExpress,bringingdatesfromSan rantforbisarrestontheofembezzlingoffice.the lady finally re- ether was the talisman to be employed in opening the world to her poor littleFnadsEO to the ich inst., arrived at St. Joseph's The news is unimportant. The after passing a number ofchargeAdministrations of England for many years " past bas been to visit on the Irish Protestantsthose measures of prosciiption from whichsolved thatsulphuricfunds. Thisa statute ofthe United States which makes aTheLegislatureadjournedApril30th. Theprinci- prisoner. Its application proved perfectly suc- pal General Acts passed were to enable certain caun-theispreferred underpublicconstant occasion toemploy money"If the$I,iO0,C0O. Sofar,(78,000forthe-isuopresilonofIn- dian hostilities in tbe northern part of the StateMtten tnmSouthen Felldea.BOX. HOWELL COBB APFBOVZS TBI SKOISSIOa.AcecsTa, 11, Monday, MayHon. HowiLL COBB has written a letter in !••for the sake of such faintas it may put upon the conduct of a man whose frank and generous nature had so won upon all with whom he washis bitterest political opponents will hear of his fall withago.cipation— ActraisedintoCTistence thelady gave way,to the of stitution grant right waythe seeeders bom the Charlaeton Coavca-to planation;by well-informed the decisions of Chief Justice persons that, throughout almost the whole ofwas held tn;criimiials, despite his term of office, Mr. ECKXU, aqd were receiving > liberal share ofoa tta nWfaBifleading and of prominmt gentloineBritoiT continued the arrest and punishment ofMoatgiimaijaboaancaiibe Gentile Press. Hr. Nklsom's Anti- pointed by Mr. Pieece, and who has done^otMHM BIH waa regarded with much hostility more than almost any other man in New-Of Ommmt whose restraint it waa more especiallyIba aniral of the Uabel at Charleston fhr- istration of Mr. BucHAMAn, has beenthe concordat, was made manifestnishna Havana advices to tha 10th inst. There was no iwHlhal news, 'and tbe marketa were withouton which conspicuous metropolitan poli-to Cape Clear. In short, as &r as the relations change in showering golden testimonials of respect of the Irish Catholic -with the Government are upon a piize-fightar, strictures from tbe Englishsumed by Gov. Dowrrsr has been the subject of gen- Salms, oa the 4th of June, to aaleet delegates la Bal- eral remark. Tbe majority of the people appear to timore. It li signed by Gov Watnm, Hr. Foaara^ heartily sustain the vetoes. In all the principal towns Dr. Nen, Mr. T.ssAaow, Judge MoKrasiar, mat of the State are firred in honor of the veto of thewaa esented to the Hethodist Con- prJohn-streetChorak 1b fldi Citf, laUiu fot adowneBt, on the graond that the Chnrch waa theBulkhead scheme,tax onregarded commerce. SanFran-others.Later fkvm'Havaaa.TBI ISABEL AT CHARLISTOV—TBI KAaKtlf.CsABLxsTOH, Sunday, Hay U.Iand this burden, as wein asermonizingmensemonopolyandfaiwM* a BttMo yesterday from thement to have said, isofone whichjpermanentea-TheThepressesequalnightofMayl. .,„ ,The Pony Express, with SU Joseph letters of ApriMr. FowucB, in hiscomplain;personand the attractions of Washoewere unabat^. The Ophir Company had organ- fore, that Mr. Fowleb has been proved of a " berth" or of promotion are almost as But, alasbroughtinto contact thatboats of ignorant and fanatical voters ^is a power which has to be conciliated at any cost•'for ordinary State purposes exceed' (1,000,-000 coveting the fiscal year. The funds in theMOW) APPOHTED.••^Fowlee,who was;A CNIOH COHTBNTIOH CALLBDUoBoa, Ala., Hooday, Hay li.York to support the tottering Admin- in the habit of delaying lar^ payments fromthe Post-office the beyond dayfell due. Atician,Grand Sachem oftaries of the English Bar and the leaders of theThirty-fivedoubleTaidmany and confidentialcapacity of representative of the President, no doubt hadforwithciacowas Illuminated In honor of the veto on theleaders of bis party regard as eminently legiti-birthright;mer, andimpossible, indeed, that Mr. Fowleb'8 contribntions to the iiind recommendations made advanced by the New-York Democracy toresources. Ofand this circmnstancie will, pertiaps, accountfor tha otherwise fact amazingpossible opportunity,foreigntomoT-General calledwas kept up till 1 o'clock Saturday aiomtng."tendent of operations at the mines, andjuit re-ap-theyconcerned, he bas only tbe Chrrch establish-Press on American rowdyism savor sadly ef Satanvein.—The London Times not unfreqaently dis'bilgluns which was as aa Im-rity for property. The Irishman of to-day is Praiiie Fa.Tnuraa.ja that seventy acres have been opinlaD is tliatitbaabaensdvmiced in the shape of when the failure of Mr. Fowleb, and others of amongst the freest men on earth, aa far as laws plowed by Mr. Watees with his new invention,per cent. Ttie new mines, wlkere it was obtained, Two hundredare in Del Norte Conn^, and it cons (IS perton to transport the ore to the aearest seaport. Woodbury and Sooth Britahi, headed the prooes^ About 100 tons of ore had already been taken fromTiilrfc Ism baM inaili nf thn money. The general Presidential termto be to broughtloaaslopcAlSSiHSiSi^^aai that tbe exposure of the President'scan inake him so. But the land laws are such and that he has undertaken a larger contract. Astbs defaleatiaD at this liaie is a jmNiBBbrto lie ta ,politicaltrick, thebondsmenolllr.VowusareMeasrs. ventionatand theobtained is said toa weekthat ha expectedCharleston, ^ouiIiAiraiid O.A.Oo>OTiR. The siKeties proach of an hour wherein allevidentap-from it would be ah- aurd, but it is decidedly encouraging to know that^^^^_ Ftree.. .;light only champions, to control the Con-Snaday^achoqldlldrenfromSoatlibaiy- Hr. GoosaiOB had intlmatad to a dtiien of tkia;andthethatheisneversureeitherofcontinuinginhis thesteamplowisyetmine,quantity easilyphuse, hardlythe village cemetery.ago,home, or of rei^ihig the fruits of the Ubor he even to innst become alike insignificant to an ex- expends on his land. Tbe vast mass of the asHr. FowLnfg ndademeanor eoa- piring Executive, have made Executive forbear- tenantry are holders at the will of the land-thing approaching perfectionOregon and Brltiah Columbia dates are totha2Sth ult- to the former, and the latter to the 30th nit.The poIiUcal camnalgn of Oretan opneedthey gave, however, smonnt only to 175,000, andearthly thingsthey cannot be held Bablamenieea at a time wlientbey were not responsible ance more dull, and Executive morea practical result tually done.obtained,a massof the Democtacy, wtiich was addrasasd by Gioaoa K. Sbulos, candidate for Coagraaa. Theor HBBaABEA,Uscondoct. Kr. Fowlbx'b wberesbonts is keen.More than amonth ago, before the«HOW"P*TMwi».at preaent He left his hotel at 3ahad whiskyCongress. He and Col. £. L, BAxaa are canvaaalngbudnesi portion of the clty,con.lrtlngof«prn«<:u>ckaat^dsy aftemojn, and the oflBdals who meetingbytheofthe latter to be one of the State— aspiringi^^been endeaToring to track him ainca have of the Charlpston Convention, andTMea to apprehend hun. Bumor indicates aaduringabsence of Mr. Holt, the active fulllicans are making great eflbtta to aeeore tiro DmtadStatea Senators, wnleh on they legard aaaasatbla,erabl. maU natter, and with nearly 11 !«« P»P«"'-^°' '^^and Mr. Wilson O. HcstA.l>D,ili^/m"*??ri^of°S;? c^f^ p'- phr-cboaenby Poitib,PbtobwouldaccountofadlvisloaintheDemociatlafua.The aeeonnts from the BimilkameeB mines con- (iS»,00a Insurancefrom"ccesaion,Km.JoHMtemporaryvigor.grantleases,rent, and partly because have been perfectlyjustified in turning tail. Tan-*y '*'« attention of thement from a which he lias but a short secure a poettinued nnftivorable.BaiTIHH COLtrHBIA.ThesUp1U«antvad at Tlstata on the ZStt of April from BaatKaag with 8SS Cfataaae passaogera.(70,0MtoJPM^aaiW 1i.n Htxamrrt^ffonrndi, Cio^nn.,. and St. LeataoaaapaaaaB, 14.ZX'^.:^^:\°^:i,"^'^^^ntAugust last, and for which he «. [°^,"'''J" many strange and daric nyiiiiga thea gainedevenwhere leases are granted,comesdeath of theThe ChilSM waa also pepaisttonDaaage»»,<»».haaWa fkr been aotoally tbowaMr. Illna-sary to enable them to buy representatives offowuB'arooa or Ike Gtaltl^ aaJT Vaasrs. BLamxAT, trates, thnefbre, than eootraata with that larly met by the Wctorioiu oppoaltion of thelargelytablesofthearmy. Theyfill the corporationsmelancholy denouement.A governess in privateupaaIt, eanin' nflmbeen carried on forttonia. maayyeaia,aadheeangti- —Themihap^BiutandGoattrMTetheirviawaatlengthon generalayatemofpolllieallife,whichinolades ]andk>rds. Noristheproapeotofaucceasat ttmofsappcHinreiitarOeiraLAaornaia^,|n«>tOhuaiiwWKSMHMtIMvaaglM:at ilwlactaie-tha jDSrita of tha qoaation at Issne, but noihing Attomey-Generala of the United StateanoveloriDlsMatin^waselldtadtnthedlscosalon.PhOade^^PreM daelaiea its ide»- this moment any greater than ever. Voder inactive of tbe dolee of the OhaolMtaii tiaovea-The dabata b to BejfoaUee Kvun, of the Supreme Court, hasIn--granted(hemotiontodissolvetbe iDJonctioiu tbeCheerer Church esse. A very kmgthy opia- iOB was rendered by Justice MnLLZH.Last evening the Mayor sent a message to the Board of Aldermen, removing Mr. A. V. StOBT from the office of City Chamberlain. He gave, as a reason for doing so, that Mr. SroOT had refused to allow interest on balances of the City money In his hand, which sometimes amounted to $4,000,-theae that populationHTobody, one of the favorites of tha PrcM, It is not probable thatpaying over to Presidential organists the aoms neces-tion. Asthat haasettledoa bodytbebegging that steamship contractors may be ward. Large aiuibers of them came here,thareUsf~ Slata,U the ant .and chief magistrates of the Unionkindly attended to. That a man of free and when Ireland was a worse place to lire Inpeople;stiU beturnedwest-„ ^«n..th,«ttji*«jaassUbtral nnfiamillar with the nature,than it is now. TheWallsflk'e Tkeatra.Mr. Ton Tatlob'b lateat draaiatie aneeeaa is*ootUs leaat. His eomedy of Am "Ovaitaad Boau;" which has been ruBBlag la Loadoa aw atnoetta be- (1aaiii( of rebmaiy, aad wbleh Iwgaa lla caiaer iaresponsibili- ties and Iherestiaintawliich habits of businessremainder are following, because the greatest element of prosperity isAt tbe'tegnlar meetiny of &e Board of Alder- tration at Tbe man we cannot whaterer ofmen last night, pteparauons were made for the Washington.Foorth of Jnly, by the appointment of a Committee choose but idty> The system which tempted left in them must of iiecesslty be more fruit- Indian jonmey, the "Overlaad Kente" esof five. Areaolution was offered to pay firemenemployed on " watch linea," an innovWtlon neverhim, and its supporters are tbe true criminals, and upon them watnist will fall, with irresist-ful here than at home that ;with an abundasoe of adveatura dash,CUna te.:hoaex tn te m "over.In tbeapplieatioBofHr. Williahsok ta have testimony taken by the Supreme Court in reiatioa to the contested seat in Congress, the Justices of the Supreme Court have concurred in a certificateof public scorn.The Irish Exodns.pity of its conquerors.A Considerate Criminal.RoBXBT C. McDoHALD has saved the District- Attorney the trouble offiling those cross-inter- rogatories which be has been so long promis-It is now neariy a year since this unfortu- nate man was committed to prison for the— ^PRmoa Toa afor either of them to attend personally to tne taking of the testimony.The report of the City Inspector states that 472 deaths occurred In this City last week, against 402 during the week ending May S. During the cor-weeks of 1858 and 1859 there were 404 and 379 deaths respectively.a supposed, yearor twoplantation"to the effect that it iaago,aucceas. Jfra.LonhoHd (Hiss Habt GAsaoa) are two imaginarywidows, wlio cany out tha part with a fidelity to as-tnre wlilsh would have thrown the elder Mr. Wallerinto a cold persplradoa. About theae prindpela, andpreaeBtadaBaddiaaa,wUoh«aaimpossiblefalUsgStabrigJU (Urs. Host)^respondingThe vacancy in tbe Board of Police Commis- ancient seats by a new "ail verging. In point efred. Dr.Smaoiaasrwaidaifilled«lU,IBT-««. IN BMASVIT-Kzm- Tboiias E. Actoh, long attached to the office of lishmen and Scotchmen. The London Timesbymurder of YibginiaStewabt,and aboutTheIrishit wasemigrationtothis countrywhichoiaatt LATIBQ TO 8I.ATIBT.would abate under the influence of great prosperity at home, has again set in with such violence that the English Press begins to prophesy tbe total transfer, at no distaat period, of the Celtic pop- ulation to America, and the 'filling up of theirnnfaggUg spblt and aa-andlb:plays a oonstellatlan of typestreatment, tqxm the caricature, but all touched with byferesee.The eall of Coafsrenoes was raanmed.of a turbulent and ill-educated clergy over hopeless — martre.; trans-eoutl-on the shoulders of the;rep- who bad been bom deaf and dumb. The gentledisposition of the boy greatly endeared him to thewascut toaummoned to Vera Cruz to arrange on a c attack on the capitaL[The battle described by the Piemfwu'* tent Is the same as that of which the iiiailais af tttothey areofeorp^ Hmaia'aofEng-of that truth of which makes the Rev.|Hr. Btnuxntt, a co-delacate torn tte mi feelingeightthe Begister. At the meetiag yesterday the contemplates this result with great ap^u«nt months since a bill of indictment was found faithful to ttieir originals than any photograph. Hr.City Lasvxa dashes at the part of Zbsi Deater perliaptpceaeated ftom the Jata eadowmrat, it betag tiw int IOOVnLV SALLBBT—Vs. T7I BuxsvAT—P«nBi.1T usual sanitary reports from New-York and Brook- satisfaction, and seeks to reconcile the de- against him. In October last, his counsel ab- with a somewhat over-elasticstepn VjanMiMf lanra.NBW8 OF TUB DAY.IWJfnewAmbawdora luTe niryiTed thewere received, and a few changea were made in the force.;nentlynexiles to .theirchangeof resi- tained an order to exaaalne witnesses for the " came down" laatnightwithnnfelgaed delightpartingfor robbery on the high aeaa, it being one of the America is the real home of their race. bile and elsewhere, and served copies of their of a virtuous coquette, and Miss Gassohindictmentsunderwhichheiaheld,ia connection what the condition of Ireland nowinterrogatorieson theDistrict-Attorney,whoofthe General CoafereBce of all bookwith the murders of BdBB, and the first and Considering Capt.second mates of the aloop E. A Johmon, with thewas commenced, alleged subsequent piracy, yes-amlelBtothadiaelpU]wi«galailB(thailaBfliabr. asBate,adilonu and the correspoDding aaeretary of fha MlmlimsisThe first anniversary of a new association,which "released everybody from all further trouble onof atreasorer lor ttia; also, infavorof ference inJodea; alao,of appropriattona for d<iu»sau>j mlMliaa ta Iha I weateia CesiiereBcea ; alaa,takea its title from The Old Dominion," and isand Mr, Vouaa touches the trivialops.<deeded'<with his aad thesocial and political history of Virginia waa elabo-nooratorsman murders a woman onprophetic play-biltsKr. Sinatus. advance in the Stock market gneets to the city. Then the yesterday, but witk less buoyancy at the close inrately portrayed,byfavor of restoring Rev. Hr. Caaavft, wWaThere was)Conlercnoaa,vrhaiethelswa of aaBtatedaaat ta- bid.Tha Committee oa Ittaaraaey waa laabaetad la la- quire whether the FUladalphiahe has stage as not to make the spectators think of a bro- pasted on tbe character ef Hr. QviB>,aa ken-down omnibus is more solved in and whether the aaid CosdaraDea had awas deliveredlongerBroadwayajfiirtherfrom theCoafsrence. The repeat waa adopted.that with Whigs, or Peelites, or Badicals inoffice in a Protestant's chances wealth, and fame as a benefactor of her race.a mind soThe tremendous power which the Eman- tion to a single objectto submit to a vote of theRepresentatives. The difference between fighting coalition with Austria against France, Congressmen and legislating Lords who travel miles to see other people fight, turns not altogether for the protection of the Pope and to the advantage of the latter. When the digni-Tories, for the purpose of bringing about aan act amending the law of Ubel, permitting newspapers to be sued for libel in any county of the State, irrespective of the residence of the plaintiff or defendants an act providing for tbe issue of (300,0C0 In(<ian War bonds, payable by the Stats in l)s70, unieta Congress shouldTO SAU TO BALTIMOKI.thefacea shouldthat paper wHl bolt.^impose, breathing daily the atmosphere of still wanting. They seek a country la which Maw-Tork at Wallaek's Tkaatra last niglit, Is themost iBgeslons and eredltaUa pleee of work ha haa given iu since " Stm Watan Robpower, as power now is in; and" he thought that while the City waa so to his party, and confiding in his chiefs, should bis children the product of his toil and thrift,been read the Board confirmed the nomination by a vote of 13 ta >. Mr. Pi.Arria an iraplHrter of jewelry, doing boaineas at No. 20 Maiden-lane, and a inan of wealth andits vit^ity, hopesand luitesa through struggleof iasideBta aad ehar- acten quite aeir own. Upoa tUa oatveiae Hr. Tat- ua, with happy aodadtr, has laid. Us hand, and theHe ia alao Preaident of tbe Artisans' Bank, in sMch, it is ex-respeiitability.of thewalls of wefeel atThe vlot of tUa comedy is light eaongh for tropicalcritninqlity,surprisiog thingprisesoonadya mere question of time on the one haDd.-or of loyalty among his assecii^ea on the ottier. Now that it baa it sounds a fresh' blastappearance of a people which has preserved itslate exlstrnca a amaU universecome, before thoseanyAmerica,devoted the poorest is sure ofbeingable to to bequeath000large a borrower at interest, it could not afford to have been easily whirled along from careless- and in which his children have the highest since thayeUow-faced, whlte-wUakeradaabotisof thelet so much money remain unproductive. The ness toBoard concnned in tlie removal by a vote of 10 to4. He also sent in a message nominating Mr. possible. The ndn of such a man as Mr. the wealthiest and best bom. There is some- Natbam C. Platt to fill the vacancy cauaed by in such athe removal of Hr. Btoitt, and aa aoon as it had Fowleb, engagedold-fasUoaedhaa aaver cmis the leastof life within aseasy reach, as those ofdiedout of real Uft,d hands at el"ia*n•^*-—ers, Alezandrlaa railways, aod the Bombar «aet of conrae, was always thing unqnestionably touching in the final dis- thePealDsula and Orisntal Ceaspaay have calledItbasiaUa*regret result Is the •< Ovarlaad Kavte."maybe kept. have been reared about the Federal Admmia- mocracy, is modified by the reflection that tiie hMSt obaeoietrumpetceedinigly probable, the City money will hsrsafter corruption and Intrigue which of late years absorbed into the torbid mass of American De- weather. Bia pUaafaiilr Uivolved. without betag lacrambliogof six centories.But seeingsentimentalthe " last of the Irish"^^ an haavTf aa* marlgoodlong oppression lovfly fllrlsbelag the most aalleat social traits of the obligeathe nation disappears, the individual men exchange theand Urtattoa. Tom Dexter (Mr. Lxana) is tbe tdvot of the pleee, who combines, in bis own persoa, all that eaa attractlarge sslcaFataa ssiu'e'S'before attempted in the Fire Department. The$30,000 appropriation for the Japaneae was laid ible force, the weight of public indignation and sober certainty of all that makes life valuable, the admliatlan of women, with all that can uapal Church on this Cmt&aaat Raflnad (a a The trial of AlbxstW. Hioes alitu Johnson, dence by tbe comforting assurance that defence, by commission, in New-Orleans, Mo- at Us airy eccentricities of unexpected noble- Committee of ilva.gushing as > repentant ahrew. Hr. Walcoi as Lamboixd, a is, as compared with what it was forty years was directed to serve his cross-interrogatories wretched man, v|ho suddenly finds hlinself called upon In tbe middle of tbe Persian Golf to chooM be- tween being arrested as a forger and being reunited to a wife from wtiom he has been running away withthe enormous advances it has made in material prosperitywithin ten thereafter. He has never done daysand manynights, experiments,Inaged, from heavy storms of rain and hall.cessfulnumerous other experiments indicatedties tocreate debts for railroad to a purposes, subjectrapidlyrose from poverty and dependence to;thoughago, and considering, especially,withinthelasttenyears,thephenomenon thepleaofwantoftime. Wefind,however, allIllsmightforsevenyears,iaextremelygood. Bit acDhr.angeofthferSolmavtehrayrule,aadbat«aaagalHtlbwerepicture of sea-sickness hits the delicate line bet ireen CLaaxa, CommUWaca IBMHiil^apprapitaflda a( tMWtioa of the Haaagera of the HJssioaary Baaid :np tha Potomac. Off Hoiint Ter- plain and practical speech, setting forth its entire ble in history. It is rendered all the more re- priating a week to that pnrpose. Thd victim and fill them effectively. Vi. BaonOHAK, as a hector- recominn^lng tiie memarial ftr a gapa la AaOlij rrtiil. -wlMn they were received with salutes Aftn partaUns of refreahmenta, the 'leei^aiked on the P)uiadelphia,emigra- tion of an entire people, famous for their strongthefor a printing insa, *e., t» the tevnaUe eoMMaa^liltjai ^^nthe mnne, the interpreter told tho^ t* whom the bonoia ware paid. Abouttrial wUl probably occupy four days.Hr. Flots makes himself deplora- bly vapid as CapMiit Clawring, a military snob of thetr was experienced in impaimeling a jury. The Assistant District Attorney opened the case in ato go on an electioneering trip to the Charles- local attachments, Is one of the most remarka- ton Convention, he found no difficulty in appro-the distressing and the disgusting, and provoked ported, reeommendhigwell-merited applause. Mr. Blaii and Mr. Dron haveand then to call witnesses. The proceededat RaclaaIng the discipline so as to anthoriaa flw iAa^ aaart-that when his own schemes made it desirabletwo consplcaons but rather conventioiial t6Ui to fiU,iQlihable too, by the fact that, no matter how of this cruel and inexcusable delay has finally ing bully, is len fortunate, both In nls material and DanUlrtugusgewhich we are now of this witnessing,much political considerations may have doneto set the stream flowing towards our shores his account by executing himself in prison.fifty years ago, they have had little or nothing I^Tbehistory of this whole case is one long character of Limpet, a European servant,"second water \OmIhtrf-fMxd at Waahlhgton. Haror English settlers in Virgiidd, was held, last evening, to do with the fullness and rapidity and luminous illustration of the mamier in usual fidelity and force.ilearn fromthe Irish peasant's quitting his home In the wUlful murder found against him by the Cor- steamer to a deck lighted up with the warm shim- neetion ; thus reveralag tha ''^'•'^^t of tha A^apitto a amall boat, and the the afternoon. The Exchange market easier. The "Japa^aUt dfliowed. On landing at the Navy-yard, Bank retoni shews a diminution movement allCmfL BvoKAXAS welcbmed them in the name of round. The discounts are down $1,294,000, and. Irish Catholic has for some years ceased to be officers accompany him to a common brothel, beyond the footlights. And all this the " OverlandWIS ti«^{4dr passedold country."Thepoliticalcondition ofthe oner's Jury.On hiswaytoprison,tbepolice-a coral reef in the Red Sea, is certainly a new thingUie BkMitat. No fonnal reply was made, and a the specie $1,03S,000. The market for money a whit worae than that of the English Protest- where the whole party spend several hours in Route" doespneMrfia waa iaimadiately formed to escort the Amfaiaadors to their qaartars. First of all was the ttmUmX't motmted guard; then came the Japuiaaa in backskeeps steady at moderate rates.ant Dissenter. In someI paaaed, and it waa not until ii o'clock Naval Stores were moderatelyCongregationaland are not likely to enjoy for many a daycase, thoughof time to spend at electioneering cau-Cotton was less active,Flour, Wheat and Com were more freely offeredfor. plentytot enrioas thousands to the privacy of their declining. Freights were inactive:T%« Bsaats, yielding to the giddiness of youth, The Preaident and the New-Vork Post- patronage—battkagneata were allowed to retreat from the seed Oil was in demand. Whisky was tand oflate he has enjeyed an amount of Government cuses a thousand miles awayslaveholders to aAclal masabarAIp, la vlaiailaa ilthe discipline. A reeolntiaa of lafaliytalB Aaaa-waa vaahia to witliatand the ezcitement attending tha Meaptfcm of the Japanese and adjoumsdwitboat'tmiBacting any business. The Houseneed not hope for.thevoguewaa to the same trick of idleness, aOHfy temptedfor some time between bat aMM debate upon the report of the Commit- and New-York, of serious defalcationatee oakM Contested Seats, In regard to that for the1st Dtabict of Michigan, was had prior to the ad-jiiiiiniaiiiilThe dispatches we receive from Chicago indi-cate a strong feeling among the delegates who have thna far arrived for Mr. Siwakd. upediency will, however, govern all the transactions of thepointmentsin thecolonies,giftOffice.The mysteiiona rumors which have beenas wellstUl in theof the Crown, have been for the last ten years bestowedonIrishmen. IrishCatholicsmusterlowed to swallow poison in Us cell, and so put ney.niinor Topics.A letter from Paris tells a strange story ofWashington charge- able to the account of a leading Federal offi- cer in this City, yesterday took shape and sub-floatingNEWS BY TELEGRAPH.FROM THS PACIFIC.ABRITAL OF THE OTKBLAMD IXPBESS.Adjearnnent of the liegtalalare—Sflalaglatelliaenee—The Crepe—UarketB—SUp- ists and a large force of the Liberals. The Isttsrstance. Mr. Isaac V. who for Fowikr,—magistracy. a recent discovery in science, culminating in anearly eight years has administered the affairs of tbe Post-office in this City, left his residence on Sunday, and has not since been seen. Theon the rolls of the localThey have begun to muster largely at the messThe Pieaytau't correapoodenca reporta a great bat- tle near San Luis de Potoat, between 4^100 Raactiaa-yet quotedbetter.The oceaninquiredhappily thejtjujc than we have ever before seen It wascrowdedwithatrue"Wallaek'sau-lin-it is even He has Applied to him by the Qorem-drinking champagnereach the jail at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning.generallytha Biioaa aad (be District miiitJH. A dense fair request. Sugars were rather brisker. Coffee, his children a luxury which the Methodist months, because the public prosecutor has the difficult problem of so wrecking shipand;cnn^a tkirnged tba aTennea through which the Hay, Hops, Molasses, Hetals and Bice were quiet. andmasses of Great Britain not t>me " to attend to his—" a on therespectssteady.; then the treaty, and last of all and were lower. Provisions were in ment a good system of secular education for The prisoner then lies in confinement nine of the second and third acts is singularly good;plentyof the second actwhich the English Dissenter whether in madness or inwe know dience," and clamorous with satisfaction and we pedlency of gtvlngto daacnaa, ha»lagpaa>ssaleha»g^ ;despair,A large proportion of not which, this ward of New-York Law is al-cansee nowhyof the "Overland ea, .authority to conaeerate the dsaaaaia ertha aaaia-ment of the Lord's Sapper, waa nijectBd aflar a waiv debate.Freaa Kezlea.THE GBZAT OBRAT 07 TBI BIACnOXISTB VXAa SAH LinS POTOSI.Niw OaLSAaa, Honday, li. HayThe brig Stetson has arrived here vrith Taopiea dates of tbe 6Ui inst.areas the representatives qf the present Gov- an end at once to his own wretehed life and to ernment at the Bar. The best legal ap- the anxieties of our oyertasked District-Attor-theIrishJudgesCatholics,;and finally,The theatreCatholicfered. It is well knowa in Dublin Monthyon Prize was awarded to the lady and she people so Tute, the total of the debts will be about the City of Mexico and Vera Cruz.—£n. TnoaJtheirvote of the people of the counties concerned.!the sudden transition was too much forduring the past yearlongwhether a Convention shall be called to revise the State Con-reason of theand she has since been conveyed, a maniac, to a maison de santi, at Uont-to the Hacon Committee, fully and eatdlaUyDissent- er. In all other respects he stands on thesame footing as any other British subject offer to our London namesake as a better text, in- cisco at 6 P. M. on the 29ih Inst.and work ac-aa Irishman haveduel at Uuskegan. They purchasedThe landlords will notand honorable head of the Post-Office Depart- partly because it is not necessary in order to been the oneCITT, ». »•St. Loms, Monday. Mayand the barbaroos relic of feudalism, which enables the owner of land to appropriateA German andA deatructive fire occurred atN«^~^<^,"made on the soilthe toil of others, is maint^ed by the Courts inand aat down to drink on a the wager to be won by the man thatevery Improrementa quantitywager,drank the greatest quantity. Had this alternativethe UnitedStates Senator, to be elected in Aogaat The Repub- buateaaabouses, including r»t-°«°^,'rtftaig<i.theytime filled, Mr. Fowlxb, it will be recollect- make the lessee politically independent on glefootBoe«m,MaafJay.Hayto Harvard-place, oee^dad by mMl- callnitrument manulactBrara a^ olhna, waabadirhighfor the ed, was summoned to Waahlngton ; and election day. More than this, the longestlease,is more murderous than Bowia- kidves. We forgot to atata that it ended in theto an cnrrency as to affieU Ufe-is fiie me- end at last, and the man jrho has tropolis. It is, at least, oadpaa (hat expended the best years of his life upon bisrapidly increasing Thp Saasftf rapnaents mining news vary eaeoorag-burned to-night. The eveat^ CBABMana. Haaday. Mayl^the water.•» the exploaipn wliicb Hr. Holt now gfpMB to farm, may find himself tamed adrift with hu one day. And female virtue seems to rule low la wlihI(aiS>weiea3ls,l)W, cm vrtleh (31,000 duUesbw"!!5*?* streBtssUndaannT^ have forced upon the eonntry, ahodiU^oOf without a cent of compensation for the the KngUsh market, for while soma of the caaaa ware paid. 'I8l«Taiaraase,Satorday,Mw >* »\"j"^. ^^^ vn^S^'^.fi^a.,d,snd^S^„ P^UfSl^^-^SSS—aapataMita].'»»»nJSt.rSt mpwfiwatUBCTtti»pr«>»»«^ Th»|rt""""—been deferred for tk» just Utiig enoogfadentlal forcee to be proved and found wantin|-of many years.* To fliia-««iltiie vcistof the " eviU of Irel«Bd "r-th9 la..were dismissed, and ottiers compromised, tha tle-crees awarded only rangedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069lagMl taUapnuatpataatUntitled Documentfollowing extract of proceedings In theThe steamship Isatelhas from arrived,;thepoorsponaesustainingHon. The Federal oiEclalathose from the Sottth,sustaln tbe secadao.Protestant Conservatives," underthe chivalrous" Earl of Deebt, have suc- can Congressmen. When we remember that the dian War claimr, will 'oe about }230,000, The firor-cumbed to its might At the general election House of Commons and the House of Lords have Ite objects of the majority of the Legislature were de- were sustained. Delegates were appointed to thaatthe Prize combination between the priests and thQ the comparison becomes rather invidious to ourfeated by the Governor's veto, or by his withholdinghis approach on the last day of the session. Ttiesewere the San Francisco Bulkhead Bill, a bill appro-priating (250,000 for building mne wagon roads orer same night, with the sama resalt. the mountains to the Washoe mineswhich preceded the peace of Villafranca, thealwaysbeenwellrepresentedBing,to be held on the 11th of June.at every hustings from the Giant's Causeway English Press unite with princes of the Stock Ex- sooner redeem them. This heavy responsibility as- Mobile sign a call for a State Coaveafiaa te meat atcourses to ua upon Congressional courtesy. The weight Eagliah Newfound-The Ophir Company, owning a part of the original week, and to make common cause, on every nev'General a puppy and a brat. The Speaker ac- lead at 'Washoe, have organised with a capital stockThe leaitl has liroken her shaft, aad wUl ga (»• r of (7,000,000. Capt. Doll lias been elected Superin- New-Tork to repair. The CatawU tahaa hat |toi|k ,and will sail for Havana on the ISth lastIHsadar,II191^ The funeral of S. O- GoonBloa took place ia this place yesterday afternoon. Services vrere diedirection,political liberty, imless accompanied with secu- stead of plaiing at fairs and exhibitions. The for shipment to San Francisco. It pays from 49 to SO were present bom a circle of tweatr milea rmnd.—Those Interested in the of developmenttbe Steam Plow will be interested to leam that aFaDeral afwhiskywhisky,the . "'t.^^J^^J^JSlIS-t^^^iSSSfJS^,i.in itsto any- infancy, expectthebe almost InexhauatlDle.Irishman.Morals must be in a deplorable state overEleven actiona for aeduction were tried before the assistant barrister, at Bel&st, iaWBV BB tl—flia United State. Court,from^ClO(0 £iO.Fal-|R0(tba LandOfficeat I«i Aofelos,DtMrtctcosrDeaeapd^xhaa beosas TbeAnilo-IiidlaaworU.asltla,before beent Tssmmii?rihis manufacture.The cropssustaining ;peopleto the San Fran-cisco and Los to appropriateAngelos Telegraph (lCO,tOO to aid theCompanygenerally,wyisilallfbMs.pot upon the stage. SonlhaaiptoB steam- have alaee beeiaadsnJBelsaUy quaint wlUwnt be-such a has ing partlealarty oitginaL Bashlag advaataien and WUakr.' SiillHiifT''scenic effects are what the;wmthe panga of aeaaickaess, rescuing Lascars from iwblith DAT aoaa laamaALawatery grave, and Improving the moral —a hnr dnStanation which owes its poorest privileges to the in war, and a pbyiiciaB ia peace ; rellevlag The Methodtat:for tbe sickly sorrows and fiuitasQc hopes of a command the esteem of man. He is a hero MllsaaUiodim.4TJM.etons of giddy beaotles irithness. Hrs. Hoax was admirable in her rileSpeeial A resolntkn waa offered pnwUi^ tor tha taMrttammering light of ail Arabian sunset sky, aad tbeaca to:^ with prostitates, and only ment, witk so much ease| and taste and judgment as so as make coloced praachara memhers.af qaaitartpand thanks to Mr. Wallace's manage- wholly to subordinate the melodramatle effects totbe comic Interest of theplay.scenery;reasonRoute" should not last as long aa a trip to India it- self.Si. Josxfbb, Honday, Hay H.armypieces,eighteen pieeaaexpresiirelyatJSMg. temiat Portland on the 28th, byRapubUcaq.s have again nominated Davis LooAa fbr laat Saturday afternoon, coaaumlng neyiy aB^lg »^,thraosh anlvslt from California.'-^n»taBpectsatTiet<»ladiiitBgtte quarterendiagThiaUasuit InJudge Haaaaiq. of BAu>wni .•*oT thebev. Dowaav baa '^I-^tJ^„^BDi»Aio.H«aaay,HaH4. Rev. Dr. Snaaoa, FreaideBt of tha flanaih Waa-T.o,ieyaa Coaisnaca, ma intTodnead to Itot :ence hi aa eleqneat auaaar. Be aiaa MtoaadA petltloB waabut the house Church of New-Tork, praying tar aid for UsThe Committee on Revlaala warequire Into Iha expediency of smnnrttag fte iH^iija-.night,the seeeders from the Charleston CoavaatloaConventionA similar meeting,,Abuildingandofartil- lery and 1,500 prisoners were taken, together with aU thebaggage,ammunitionandstores. Gen.LaTsaa' chief commsnder, and other Reactionists officer^ were taken prisoners. Genertls ITsgca and CAxava- JAL, commanding the Liberals, took posseasloB ofSaa LuisdePoloei. AlargenumberofofScei*hadbeaaijiissimliiil tafhvor afia favor of HlaalsBary Board ^tta]; also,_ New-Toik Coofanaee, ta Ml eaa-bHbaetad la Jamwww.fultonhistory.com 