 ¥•1/4.|•-TheConserva"**««ofHungary,andevenAustrian,fjZft 009. 8;-4 ihi pitaken tbo comm&nd in chief of the Papal forces, is scarcity followed. What effect this had upon the troops organizingthemasspeedilyaspossible,toputastop whoheldthecity,butcouldnotcontrolthebandalike those of a greyhound, save where they were crossedbypowerfultheweaadsinewe,audashethrew up, his long sinewy arms and inflated b i s huge chest. withthemorningairhelookedthe mos1;formidableof the tribe of gladiators w h o have entered t h e arena. Every movement showed t h e sinews a n d muectae working like machinery beneath then*thin, fine cover- ing, and every gesture w a s made with that natural gr«ceaudfreedomwhichalwaysseemtobelongtothe higheetdevelopmentofphysicalpower. Sayeralooked at him long and earnestly, and a s one who siw in his every movement a dangerous customer, and he toobe carried to his corner. The seconds had much to do with sponging their faces and'washing over the marks oftheirwounds,thoughpom©ofHeenan'sseemedtoo deep to be meddled widi m. thia way. Time WHS loud- ly called by the umpired, and the American instantly roee; Sayera was much lonzor coming, up, though h e eeemed a!m:st fresher of the two, but not nearly sofield of battle, he ran as nimoiy as any of the specta- wo csnnotprint it witbout shame. Thia brutal display torBandleapedovertwosmallhedges. Tuis,how- wouldnothavetakenpUcebutforthe"eountenanoe ever, -was a final effort, and he almost instantly after the fight has received, irom persons better instru:ted became ooutterlyblindthathewas obligedtobeled than theclasseswhich aregenerallyunderstoodto by tbe hand to the train.1.:•.drawn u p around the cemetery. Still deeper w a s m*»t the utmost activity prevails. T h e appointment selves into position—the right hand held close acrossofcap>ainhasnotyetbeenfinallymode. Thenumber thebody,theleftadvancodlatleuyth,andkeptmoving of candidatesisnowreduced totwo. Theyare Cap- gentlyoutasiftofeelitsway. Theimmenae differ tainsVineHailandScales,bothmenofgreatexperie- oncebetweenthehight,weight,strength,andlengthnce. of arm of the men waa now morb than ever manifest,lenger in the arm, and three stone hoavier than me op- . potent, earlv gained a n advantage over o*/***^ sheer strength,dis*blioghisrightarm,and f^%^T timedirectinghieblowstotheundefendedside,waw, beyond the well-aso«rtain*d fact that Sayers was*•*heemotionofthepeopleatthenew*thatold CountStephenSzechenyi hadcommittedsuicide. Tbe'Count was the father of Eefbrm in Hungary, and stood a t th e head of the national movement from 1825to 1840,when Kossuth tookthelead, fizechenyiforalongtimewagedwaragainsthis bolderrivaluntil,in1848,bothmetintheMinistry VofCount LouisBatthyany andaotedtogetherinperfeetly good understanding for several months, int whenaffairsheeamemorecomplicated,andBa-mouthwasBimplyonehugebluelump. Sayera.too, waahugely punished about the mouth, but his face and head, though bloody, swolleo, aud much discol-Atlast,afterarallyandacloee,in.whichtheoom-batanta hucrged each other on the ropes, aud the oddswere 10 to' 1 ou Heenan, tho crowd broke into tbe ring ;tX. *m * m1juncture the Referee quitted bia place, moot unforta-boior« another exhibition like the great flgw <a «•?•**•'•tbeLmversity of Edinburgh on the 16th of May. his antagonist. Both were very BIOW to th e call of tthonebrightandfullinhis,face,soaaalmoettoblindTbe.agitation m Switzerland on the question of S i - time. The Beiicia- Boy w a s first o u t . Sayers thennamostrufiianlymanner,underafalsepreteueethattheconstableswereinterfering.Theseveryconsta*bioshadbeenonthe ground during half thebattle,Midwereaversetbmakinganyattemptatgettingin.But the mfllone, eeting tbat their man would be beuteu public, which has grown up almoet without KnowinK andtheirmoneylost,madethepresenceofthe"po"ice whatprize-tights are,hasbeenmadea<^uauitedw oj*mm*HmmW '."|T?t]--J--455>»-•i*Jour of the monks were killed, t h e others seized a n d imprisoned.didtheirbesttoforcetheirwayintothering;but beingalmoetblind,hetooktheunoffendingsecondsofthe crowd, which now amounted to some 3,000, kept his opponent for eome other persons. We aspure himihein back by rushing on the ropes, shoutng and that«uchconductisnotcalculatedtogainhim friendsjSeering the "comba'auta to the u^mofit. Daring all in this ccuutry, and thar. if he aliowe nis temper to get"this the men fought onwithvarying euccess,the heavy the better of bisjudgment again ina himiiar wayitmay5•.1*#u•:••••-•TUBfE BAYSLATERFROMEUROPE.• . ..• .-'•'•••:-&$wmiS&M^rJZi&ai "^.*8^toSSiHBBIIJK^i^SifiaiBWH ^"4fe»Ei Bigg^>ttri«^^W.W«: "^ '^^^J^XOTiiifp^i^iiPEi ^^m:M^M^f^!11JTandHeenanisj much,andwecarTWO VIEWS OI 5Theaccountsof §mirit oj'the Ticombatants in diffe anext»aet,frcmRoc/civT^-Tbt. deafening from hal neither right or lef, once on the backs asSayerastruckbt his arm around bisltheair. Sayere,b| Heenan by the e n /fclds.mostpamfnU hold, and 8*yers iRota»n 38 —It T Sayers's cornerparty to bringtb "Sayers the bolt; 0>Macdonald kept nee*.* B e was d< else, so long M he aodtfcdughthe broken in,hew fullyandasdesj>e be.pleased,and.!i benthisheadnn againfettheropes,himsetf;Sayersmt incapable to reso< ing a desperate cri Champion actcBM while they kicked Cbampion from h i' Rouico '.$,—The appeals could p o e broken in by the meet, thereferee"v Heenan, however, prevent bim oh^ii remainedintberic after Sayers a;? ah that now' swarm jd Sayerswaspuufchec Mm down or pcj-dtonds, as a man wo In tbe 40th and ttcnt was repofii.-'K up until Heenan p manded he shcu:abe went up tbe rw ROUKD42,finch wouidnotmeiro onds refuted fo av him, by throwing him in the midst che sat. Being athat corner ho tur jnetindignation ai object of his a:nh fiom him, he op*friend?, however,"/bia corner, whenc wiener of the fie' title of the Ch.sc Fair-minded a n i l whether theee ri$ not be given to soil.On the other hs• Thirty-eeventhjj teemed the better nan's eye, and thi t h e n e c k a t t h e i< to extricate hima veie punishment'time got cioser, t? sioes,.ai:d we, in- referee, were con are informed tbcvt jrraiR atthe expu W e h a d h o p e d >;G; withdrawn, as t-v poet, and the poll as it may be caile the men'shcuid at are informed, ho* orders for a ce.^a rounds were to: Tbe ring wa« i neither manhsd tbeur.pleaeaht offineing'fault whichwasn'ot*of the Ring, and' keviT&bly have M ieeted with.,our > .endeavored-to.jst" end ofthefouxt while tsayersvr^eathiminftvery< Miacio..Tbiaexpoeedpositionofthekingdomconcertingtheoutbreakof'the4thwasasfollows:calledtheupperclasses,thougheach!personwasthemostcarefulattentionfromhissecondstomakewhatwouldotherwsebefatalcontingencies,andbothandtheirinefiiciency,wemayhaveawordtosayin Tom's.seconds.-rvi,i..,.*,'.«?: ;V 5 WJ-. v^i'; >-;.u --.-•>, ;f.:>.&*,»•:. v•v•... -:!{!.\* .'Vil»•:SI Iff1 &SWTO» JeBac u^Hmvadea' the ex>aiitry/<!feiuitSze<ihenyi [$wi£feifj^rt:l^ifyyy^coneideraWe cere- £ ° xrtbvWhfeh be returned heavily, drawing first blood weak, and , H«enaa .rasbed ^to force . the fiaht nately, leaving *Q question of " fair or foul" without fr omH^nan,amidshootsofooogratola'tioa. Bothi».g;eaehhittheotherhard,andafter-aalighn adecidingveic*.ThreeroundswerefoughtaftermelostMBfeii«inthesuccessofthenationalcause,andunwillingei<aertorisklifeandriches,ortobecomeunfaithful to t h e country, he retired into a lunaticT5ierjtoVpageofoneofthemostextensiveimporters, F^roedstillmorecaotioup,andaftermuchsparring;strug^SftT^rsgotd^owa,lOTgm»g.Antherround departure,awdattheendofthethird?tbeuproarwagfollowed wilb mmobthe same resuh a» to htttmg; b u t tremendous, the ringkeeoers were unable to keep tho in the close Heeaan lifted Sayerafrom the ground with nuob back, and the v'ctory which would in a few/gia- easeandflunghimdownheav^y. Sayerswasevi- hteehavebeenawardedtoJohnHeenancouldnotbe dently die*reefed, and had not the least chance in obtained^ The cowardly mob saw the laurels within c'osmg with bis powerfal antagonists Again there was bis graaf, a n d tore them away from h is reach. a little struggle, and Sayers at last got a heavy blow on W e acquit Tom Sayers of any foreknowledge of their Heenan's left eye, the on|y o n e with which he could intention. He fought with thegameness we have ever now see, receiving in return a blow in tha chest, when. heard attributed to bim; but bis partisans had resolvedasylum, wbei "8 he remained, fox< full eleven years.thought, both stopped a n d looked afc each other with handsdown. Afteralittleresttheyagainsparredgreat Empire. C2ribaldi accu»ed the Cabinet of a thing like authentic information; for telegr&paic com summed up in the few wordB, that Siyers holds " tviecur opinion requiring dec s:ou, is, that both England strong a s ever, a n d , though apparently much dis- reason to be proud o f the champion ehe has selected.breach o f the" Constitution by toleratiDg such agi- mnnication across the S&raits o f Meaaina has been sus-belt" a s Champion o f England, and m virtue o f his office, while he retains it, is bound for three years to accept a ll challenges, n o master from whom. This challenge accordingly came from America on Heenan'S part,and,inspiteoftheimmensenaturaladvantagesofbj»challenger,SayerswasboundatoncetoJiccepttressed, trying to get it over before he quite lost his eight. In the 33th round Heenan got Sayers's bead under hisleft arm, and,supporting himself bytheWhether the match will be fougnt out we cannot at present fay. Both are, doubtless, anxious to have it settled; but,for^ura^lveB,were weasked,wewouldpended, and the Government take good care that noth- wrestanItaliancountryfromIt\ly..Thediscus- mgtrueshallgoforth. Theofficialdispatchesaretis- sionwhichfollowedtheinterpellationcharacterized suescfKes,b*anglittlemorethanreiteratedassertions IhetendencyofthenewkingdomofVictorErnin- thatallisquiet,wheneveryonewhoknowsanythingtations a n d even cooperating with the French t oneL TieMinistersCavour,Fo.nni,andMamiani aboutthematteTknowsthattheislandisthoroaguly it. Allrelatingtothedayandplacefitedforthe match was, of course, kept a profound secret, asthepleaded unanimously the necessity of conciliating a uneasy, and daily breaking out into positive violence.powerfulneighbor—thatAmazon,asMamianicalled HostsoftheresidentsofPalermo,Messina,andCata- Jfrxace, formidable even in herembraces—since niawereleavingth»island,and numbershadbeenar- only one half oi" t h e peninsula is frtm, and even this rested. From Palermo ale ne 200 had been sent intostakewithhisrigbl,heldh:sopponentbentdown, sayeach,isBOgoodthatheiadeservingabelt,andwe asifhemeanttostranglehim. Sa>erscouldno*,more wouldcallonourcountrymentoeubecribeforsuchafreehimselfthanifamountainwasonhim. Atlast trophyasarewardforHeehan'senterpriseandbold-he got his left arm free and gave Heenan tw o dread- nees in coming, as he haa done, to beard the British ful blows on the face, covering them _ both with th e Cbampion on his own ground. A meeting will douht-the week till Sunday, the 8th, to which date only wposition, and however painful it must have been to have anything like reliable information. It is said tha • broad muddy ditch (the Blackwater), which dividesarm, or his u auctioneers," as he calls it, was much in- jured by hia attempts to ward off Heenan's tremendousi h e Deputies, a n overwhelming majority declared that-they passed to the order of the day, confiding iu the Umistrythattheywilltakemeasuresforsecur- ingthelibertyofvotingtotheinhabitantsofNice.AstoSavoy,nobody cares forthat province;itis •separated truzn Italy not only by the Alps, but, like- wise, by language and traditions. To-day the Cham-Surrey from Hampslore, brought all to a full atop. A few ventureeome ppirita essayed to leap this, but their success was not such as to encourage others, inasmuch asmostcontrivedtolight intheverymiddle oithe water,andthosewhodidgaintheoppositebankhad onlytojumpbackfortheirpaina, astheringwastheKing, who,immediately after this ceremouy,sete o u t t o hold his Koyal progress through t h eenedbythebad news from Palermo,and therevolt. was a failure, as all the Sicilian revolts seem fated to be unless some leader with discretion aawell as couragewasgreerod in thesamemanner, andthetwomen, who '.here for the first time me!., warmly shook hands, and then stepped back to take a long a n d careful sur-couldonlymanagetosupportitacrossbiachest. From tliiB time, therefore, Savera fought the rest of the bat- tle with hia let* hand, only seeking every opportunity to ease the eviient pain of the injured Hinb by openinglength the police forced their Way to where they werefighting, in a spa?o not much larger than an or- account of the contCBt be ween Heenan and Sayers.lo day. AVe are dtill in th e dark about the affairsof Sicily, but should even tins revolt have been sup-pressed, it will be impossible, forany lengthofrandum counseling concessions, and a union with Pied- mont. Heclosesthus,aftershowingthatanalliancehimaheavyblowovertheeye,andalmostimmediate- ly jifter a stall more fierce one on the mouth and noee, which now in poor Savers aeemed all knocked IntoSajeiB might have gota biow which would havetime, t o resist t h e expansive forces o f liberty, wi.h Austria would be ruinous:increased as th*y are by the noble sight of the first Wbat way remains, then, of saving the couxxcrysfruck. b im almoet eeneelese;' while if Heenan could T,» ~,jm&rrxLOF THE VANDESBILT.TheGREATPRTflEFIGHTwhereheWto*£**time*partiestohispolitical(hasbeenannourcedfornextAugustbyM. /lie, heavybodyblows,andgotdowneasily.tLASTED 2 HOURS 6 MINUTES.Savers' Superior Science. Heenan the Best BSan.mfuisters often <&>n**fited himtat that strange place. • Be mMiniSrV L««fc yea-r he Publwh«d a most vio' J ^twenty monks wera taken outand shot. Among otherbrutalities recorded by an eye-witness, he says he saw anabbessandanundraggedalongthrough thestreet bysoldiers,someofwhomurgedthemonbythrustsofthebayonet- Theiroffencewasthattheyhadgiven formedontheHampshiresideafterall. shelter to a compromised person.tagonist, egainet whom h e contended with only o n e hand, and who, though now as blind as a bat, was Btill possessedofnearlyallbisimmeneestrength,aud,toa little man like Saj ers. very nearly a s formidable a s ever. IntheseroundssometimesSayersgotawful blows upon the head and body, and sometimes he man- aged to give in return his tremendous lunges full in the disfigured face o f b i s antagonist. A t o n e time capshie a r m , a n d eeemed about t o strangle him, but the mob irterfered. The, referee subsequently quitted th e ring, anddeclaredadrawnbattle,buttwoorthreer more skirmishes were made, Heenan seeming indiffdr- entastowhetherhehi;Sayersorhissecouds.The mob o f people a t tiie fight a t the fight was immense.From Tk* London Newt, April 18.We trust that the most fastidious of our readers willnot ehirk the report of the great Great Prize-Fight, whichwerepublishfromcotemporarycolumns. Itis not a s " faithful chroniclers," a s th e members o f oar profession a r e sometimes c&iled, that w e print th eAt Messina it was arranged that the- rising should b sThe instant theenclosure ofTopesandstakes,21 tremendousblowait1Bsupposed ihatoneofthebonesfeet square, was formed, Sayers stepped into it, and of his right arm-waa broken. Certain it is that th e were thrown up, and cheers given for Heenan as hav-ofthe 16tb inst. The Kabilities ate eBtiaotedat aboatber voted unanimously for theannexation of the madeonSunday,the8th,andanattomptwasmadetoEmilia and of Tuscany, to-morrow the bill will passthe Senate, on Sunday it receives the sanction of carry out the design; but the insurgents were disheart- was cheered tremendously, neenan, who followed, limb was frightfully swollen, and so powerless that heing won, when he knocked down Sayers, who wouldpprirgiohisfeetandgivetheAmericansuch atagger-ing blows that he in turn was hailed as conqueror..' A tnewly acquired provinces. This occasion willprobably be make use of for proclaiming the uew shall head ihe movement. The insurgents hadfledto vey each of tae other. There Was a tossfor corners, the hand and reating it on his chest or riba. Ee, how-dinary dinbg table, and the referee ordered themat once t o discontinue. T o do- them justice, bothetemed very willing t o leave ofl, and Heenan wasWe have never acknowledged, and w e never will acknowledge, t h e obligation o f conductors o f news- papers t o become tae sympathetic recorders o f what- evertakesplace,jaatbecauseithappenstofindacon- siderable measure of Bupport among the public.the com*try, or were driven outside the walls; the royal which Heenan won, and chose that in. which he would ever, advancea smiling, as did also Seer an, though the litle o f the new Kingdom. I t has be^n resolved t o troop* held all the strODg places of the city, and many have the highest ground, and with his back to the sun, features o f the latter were s o distorted a n d swollen choosetheproudanddefyingnameoftheKingdom leavingSayersthespotwheretheglarewasfallinhis thatitwaahardto.saywhathewaadoing. Sayers,ItalianParliamentatTurin. TheChamberseems, andtnedynasty,threatenedbysopveatdangers7One strippedinturn. Thecvntrastbetweenthemenwia one. Therewasslightspurringaudbothexchangedonly. The natural policy which, reposing on the true then still more marked than before. Sayers is only hits, all the profit in this unpleasant Bpeciea 'of barterindeed, already now to represent all the Peninsula; Iniiani, formerly th« Minister of Pio Nono; Gaultieri interests of the Staie, naturally leads the kingdom of about fivefeet eight; his chest is not broad, nor are his being on the aide of the American. Sdyera drew back «ven ou the Ministerial benches, w e see Count Ala- Southern Italy to unite itself with that of Upper Italy arms powerful, aud it is only in the strong maselea.of to spit the b'ood from his mouth, and wag laughed a thave eleeed wi&k bim the Champion's chance w ould havebeen,perbare,apoorone- Ontheotherhand, Sayera was carefully avoiding this, and Cleenan's signt WHS fo far none that in two o r three minutea more h e would have lain at tbe mercy of a child. A s matters nowstand,thelightisadjournedsinedie,audtheonlyrc>>ttonm Liverpool was mentioned'on 'Change o nTb* reappearance of the famous comet of CherTe " y and closed, when Savers gave his adversary samex Each m a n w a s . instantly attended by his friends; and to r e c . ^ a <** opposition against tY ' Dutch astronomer. .r terviewwithhimaboutthebestwaytogov;^ ^ ^^ . ' ', . ..,/ /lar arm of Heenan went backward and forward with immenserapidity. ThreetimeshehitatSayers.but out of distance, and apparently as if to put tae Cham- pion off his guard; at last he darted forward hke light- 'ning, and dealt Sayers a bJow in the mouth which sent him reeling. Tom, however, as if to show how little be cared'for it, a t once ventured close to We hugi a n - tagonist—-*ooclose as itproved, forthelong armoffcount Bechberg, the AusCwan Minister, had *^tbcterrificlongarmoftheBeniciaBoycamein,and menttherowbegan,orbisdecisioncouldnot.failto Sayers wasknocked.down andapparently half bavebeeniufavorofHeenau.- Thathewonthebat- stunned. He required much care from'his seconds be- tle no unbiased person will doubt; that h e deserves fore be came u p aga'n, though when ho did BOit a t the " Belt" we are positively certain. W e trust that once seemed to revive allhisvigor, forhe made OUTreaderswillperusewith patience the accoaniwecary; now we a r e suddenly startled b yofhis suicide. Hewas a great man, r.that even he, with his conciliatory tend' '&5 *°? f: have been driven t o suicide is a sigr .^r c i e ?' shouldc a n t 81 no f «^ ^ r .the times for Austria.As regards the conferences ab<^epeak from prejudice when w e denounce the riotous*TM-ll1,n« » n«wJ 1 T aseconds, 3ae New-Zealand Lcndon Examiner etata'A that who carefully sponged bisbody and fice, and rinsedTHE BATTJLEDRAWN,land,itisprettycertainthat ft &*TMJTM Switzer- "Marmion,LordofSchrivelhaye,ofTamworthtower bisowncorner. Thereweregreatcheersatthis,and closed,whenSayershadallthebe»tofit,aud,forthe riotmayinameasureaccountfortheliberalwayin186- of April, with three days' later new* from k orope, K M here this morning at about 7J o'clock.been laid aside to become mere things of show and no ment in appearance than could have been expected, Strange lo say, after theae tremendous rounds, It is impossible to extend our remarks on this gal- more need by men. The Dymocks are still extant, bat owing t o h i s ekill i n jumping back e r e t h e blow Sayers ttill came up fresh, and (showed n o t half t h e lant fight t o t h e length whjch its merits deserve. I tjBfles; en the 12th, 323 mSe/., and on the H t h , 330 ncdles. The Circassian arrived a/„ Galway eu <he 14th.The Canada arrived a t Liverpool ev. the evening Of* * e ) 5 d u"TheCanadian Beyalliail Steamohip Company haveat Palermo on the 4th of April; t h e signal was to be a mus«ret shot in a certain spot, following which the monks, who favored the insurgents, were t o ring t h e bells o f the Monastery dell* Granecia, o n the Piazza delia Marina. The police were informed of this by a traitor, a n d t h e signal shot w a s fired by them, thusand what would be said now of a catiiedral town offer- ing, as of old, £500 to the combatants to beat them- selves almost t o death within i t s reverend precincts ? The new Police a o t h a s been the death of pugilism. Its greatest professors now lead a hole-and-corner life while training, or issue forth their challenges in mys- terious terms. Prom this rapid downfall it has been justnow fora time-.arrestea bythefirstattempttomade but a poor stand against suca a weapon had it retained its original hardness. Of his right Heenan makes but little use, but this is a quality be may yetpolice, to do them justice, left no means untried to pre-ventitstakingplace. Nevertheless,insoiteofall Blip,butcatchingamostformidableblowofHeenau'sstarted from London-bridge a t 4 a . m . yesterday etill worse biow to the American, following it up with aDd then leant on It) with sll bis force. Sayers rapidly ble Tor the battle to be fouarbt o u t this week, and we* morning. Thetrainwasoneofimmenselength, another,whichseemedtosmashhisnose,andalmost turneoblackintheface,andwouldhavebeenstraugled maythereforeatoncestatetlatinthatcaseallb«t» h*lfalwaysthreatenedbythequadrilateralontheexilewithinafortnight.TheGovernmentdispatchcontainingsomethousandpersons,allofwhatareknockedHeenanofl'htBlegsiuturn,sothatherequiredonthespotbutthattherulesoftheringprovideforareoff.Astotheconductofsomeofthering-keeper*muffled'up to the eyes in shawls and wrappers, so that himfitfor the next round- . . the umpires called timultaneously to cut the ropes. ournext.itwashardtossywhetheryourcompagnondcvoyage Thebettingnowchangedagain,andifSayerswas Thiswasdoneatonce,andbothmenfellheavilytotheTurin, andit is said that when the Prussian Granecia(inthePiazzaMarina,almostiuthecenterof turnedoffatReigate,andafteralongruncameoutin dreadful,andbothmenbegantoshowsignsoffatigue, ropesof»heringhavingbeen cuttheincloBureitself England, took place yesterday. By4o'clockintheJbrces it to lean upon France until it can constitute tselfapowerful militaryState,ablenotonlyto maintainitsown, butlikewisetoconquerVenice.That a few ill-intentioned persons had dared to attack theroyalartillerytroopsinPalermo,andhadkilledFrontTA*LAtndonN*vs;\ZthOn tbe j/roimd in I wir.i Sayers, a', d] The final round bothfell.Theitear,ai^dorderel Immtdfeiely aftsi riug, zud rjin sou: proving (hat,' a t f*efit;as ever; !vcKitny minutesNA)CCS, aUhcUsi;>xai i»v pi •l tbe*tTOUir on h:s pi lorger. The, blc cpuree, no chauo adjournment wa* authorities were 1 wouldbeidleva.MORRI! A gentleman a t nested tae tight, sinto such &posiuo the brttr.ie. Jul.": £ nsnfailWu:<?i^rcOFJRAJSCK. S j JPASIS." Tu-,;oi#;irmedu»erepv&i ihe F5MH1Ac:of Francewillg^ enJCounciloitb cationofanl\uroItwas not unt taken possession Zurich h a d beca Au.-tria jointly .u whohadsigned ta Conference, in territorial a r m<x>?Monot Lomiji' freely consent tbWobjected,Fi'>V>en, therefore, <iocteiiie»l;to.-b>I and ratified by u asd by the vote witlta*?* pos«*s*i afterward *b<; w iiftrenceforthep cf the.treaty coac tween Napoleoi. I-.Kranee-will'iJi ference sha'l v.va what manner .. eacquired througa the'Kiiv,-of&iiii auteesstipulated.Und?' l£t^i:_, Conferenceshall1 intact.BSHNE;Tue&da; bviUy ihtxt t h e (J propof.es Brntriols while France iu* portfcd by riu.-i.iGK^KVA" A Ani to lbs n-to 11Sw otherl*owerswl recognv/.td theinj lsnc. Inlbituoj true political iutejIstud from all fc n i a n i f e a t e d a n h i t gj-ea'. Powerj oifederal Coinoil IJatsiagivesherof a Coufere' v•Councildo«snc insuretheneutrs °<"".£M£VA.i>Uevening ^uu-.ia maH\\[%vixy-.v tuonial, cons">tm dial expreeeiouS piomixeathe si oftheliudepe^.d.The deputation Ministry and Va." Vlt.NKA, S t Conference,astlementofthe •Without Frarel any ConfereiHtakes place,it--- hand.i " T h e followi •^ueirtion:The; \-'>.'•and warding off an intended blov with t h e »peed o fSSl£n»tStoia.*eTMBiichaadBruck.' ^ gridhasbeendissoveiedattheRiverBuller/0ay^outhismouthwithalittlecoldwater.Againtheyhemanagedtogetdown.Bothwereveryslowinthatheshouldnotlose,andseeingtheircaseadespe- west coast of the Province, and is likely to pr 0 7 6 v e r y - advanced. Each seemed then to know his antagonist coming up again, and Sayera being dodgedT roand as rate one, they insbed through the ropes. No appealvaluable.THE GBEAT FKTffr.mHISTORY O F THE BA TTLE.TJrE FIGHT FOR THE CtVAMPIONSHIT.better;thesparringwasquicker,audthehugemuscu- usual,withhiBfacetothesua,seemdazz'ed;again couldbemadetotheReferee,forhevanishedthemo-. ^tionorannexationofNorthern '. ^ t^ieneutraliza> nnofficewhich cKmferred honorofthehighest, when blowohhiBforehead Tomwasknocked amost intoFrom Tkc'Lon&m Tw>Aa of the 18«A. ''Time was when the Championship of England w a s Heenan was shot o u t like a dart, and with a heavyandtown,"heldagrantofthe landsofthe Abbeyof though Heenan seemed pleased, Sayers tookhasa fijBtandonlytime,threwHeenanheavily. whichsomepeoplebettedupontbeEnglishChampion matterofcourse,andwent backtohiscomer,ap- Inaminuteboth,thoughdistreseed,wereatitagain, —'hoywereretolvedtolettheirmanwin(ifhecould); whenhehasonceseizedV ^terofEurope,and Polesworthonconditionofdoingbattleinsinglecom-parentlyunconcerned.HerehewasspongedandHeenan,withafearfulblow,knockedSayersbutnottoletbimlose.WeshallreverttothissubjectNapileonmls nowther jey^uTnotassemble,THEINSURRECTIONINSICILYdisputeit.Hepays,hov A^TSJfSSflKaJesto batagainstallknightlycnemieBofhisKiog.Theforaminute,andreturnedwithadeephalfacroe8tboring.Anotherroundended,afterainourregularia*ueofSaturdaynext,bywhichtune• tothe newkingcom fo- ^ r ,200,000^00 francs fashionofthisoffice,however,haspassed awaywith red lump across his forehead, aud his mouth few exchai'ges,with thesame rtsult, except tbat weshallbeabletofurnishadditionalparticulars. TfcerfeamshrpV«*iMfc*°TMSouthamptonon the Nice. t theceesionof'Savoyand the daysofchivalry, andlance andbattle-ax have elightly disfigured, though with farless puu'sh- Sayerswaeevenbarterhit,andseemedquitestunned. From BtlVt Lift inLonia* ofthe11th. <TM T H ^3S T J B T i^CI»ION IN SICILY. '.-.'•• the modem Champions of England know them not, The insurrection , . . . „ . ^ and the pageant warrior who threw down the gaunt, , now or lately going on in Sicuy et to some hundred ladies and gentlemen in Court te^«34°W wasmadewithunusualrapidity—in3daye^ was notunwpec ^..t h e ^ m B o f ^ Siciliansis dressatacoronationhasbeen succeeded byaraceOfreached, and thss weakening half its force. He was awful marks of punifibment visible all over Heenan, wae, up to the unfortunate termination, decidedly theThe earner part of the Vaaderbih's passage to longi-smilling, a n d seemed quite a t ease a s he again ap- proached t h e American in his own corner, who was very careful n o t to leave it, i n order to keep Sayerswbo was now a disgusting object His left hand was very beat championship fight wo ever witnessed. It"wasmuch swollen a n d puffy, and ;his left e y e was fast to the time aforesaid fought out with a manliness, aThreatening to clew as irremediably a s h i s right h a d fairncs*, and a determination on both sides worthy of J jfthoos>surpassingherbesttimehhherto-hotsub-jIalwayssnuen,a?u(j,ft)p^Teralmonthstherehavebeenbrawny,andmuscularfellows,menwho"meanfight-withtheglkreoftheeuninhiBface.Thisseemedtodonelongbefore.Hisfriends,shoutedtohimfromallthehighestcommendation.Withoutanattemptat^BMtk.-.errstrongsouth-westerlyvrinde,with>muttermgs'wnxfc.ths^atelieda8tornu lathelastdays ing,andnothingbutit,"andwhoviewiththeaOdctazperplexSay6rsmuch,andheagainp^eeen'eianopen-partsoftheringtogoinandfinishSayersbyclosingshifting,eachecorncdtotakeameanadvantage,andae^nsrtry, very stronge&fciing snow, *pri»gmg up, destroyed the pro«jpects o^of March, tb of o)d in their rigidity of training and immense power3 ing, of which the Benicia Boy instantly availed himT- >sre .occurred a t PAleroio o n e o f those of endurance. A t first there w a s no lack of Royal Belf, and with one blow dashed Sayers to the ground.cvente that•-showthetemper ofthepeople. La patronageforthenewraceofchampions InBrough- ^asperformedatthetheater,andtheprimer tou'slaptpiize-fighthowasbackedbytheDukeofwith him, as the latter could now only .useone hand; but Heenan in turn was getting cautious, and did notM%riliianttripbesideprecludingtbepoesibUitvofl&xd- fegaftmidnightimportantdispatchesOrCapeK«f>.AgainthereweretremendouscheersforHeenan,andironicalcongratulationstotheChampionintheyoung- seemtolikethelookofrunningintoSayers,who,donna ?Cumberland, who almost acted as his second, and few speared with tri-oolored' flavors. The whole great battles took place a t which one o r more of thenovice henadmetwith. Thoss whohadbackedSayers seemed rather depressed; the betting graduallybecame even,Heenan being almostasmuchinfavoraa the Champion. There were loud cries o f " Time,"at which Heenan advanced to the center Of the ring,and waited for Sayers, retiring as the latter advanced,till the American again h a d t h e benefit o f the higherground and the sun in Tom'a eyep. Sayers now foundit fcae useless attempting oulfigLdng with a man ofsuch enormoue strength andlength of armas tie generallymanagedinmoatofthestrugglestogiroone American,hetherefoietriedtodashinendgotaslightOn Thursday, a t 10:45 p. m., she pwaed the rjrititshvteueahip Persia,in i*U/41°oO7, Ion. 64°40/,M don house greeted thecolors with enthusiasm, and the sonsofGeorge III.were notpresent. SirThomas [Friday,at1230p.m.,exchangedsignalswiiTatheGil- RtaE' j>waacoveredwiih cameliae,redandwhite,with Apreece nearly always seconded Gully, until that^paysteamerPrmce Albert,inlat 40°^ 7 n.68P4(K. t"e ,greenieavesappending. Onthefollowing evening champion retired from the ring, and having i0 realized a barge fortune, sat in the House "We find the following n*mes o n the y aeeenger Haft: * >e -same scene w a s enacted, aod, though the police of Commons a s member fo r Pontefract. In. thoseJ.E.Beeon,SecretaryofdaeUnitedPartesT>ga<ion were-stationedou^ide,noattemptwasmadetoenter daysanotedbrokerwasthonghtgoodcompanyStSt.Petersburg; Capt. J.W. Todd,'u. 8 A •, <Zsa; "the theater or suppress the exhibition of-feeling. BbbextHalsey,beartrofdlspatche*fromParis;Maj., Saturday,the31stofMarch,wasthelast-eveningoffor anv man, a n i w e hear almost wishoat surprisehoxv, about 40 years ago, Lord Cacnelford " assisted'ormoreofhisheaviest blowson Heenan's lefteye, career,wecertainlyshould never havesethimdown. which was now almost gone like the other. The ecene for a novice. H e h a s a n excellent delivery withBelcherwhenUefoughtBourke inthechurchyardof A. BU Sibley; Dr. Borridge, beare-.- of dispatchea fro m the'Winter season, and as much a s 10 piastres were St. George's, Hanover Bquare, in the prepense of someoffered for a place. A great demonstration was t o b e 10,000 spectators. Those were the ' l good eld days,""TheJuraarrivedatLiver>oolAprilli» Outhe madeduringtheevening,butbeforetheeveningcame the"palmydaytj"ofthering,aboutvhishthesport-ing journals are always so pathetic as having gone by J8hi5 passed a steamer, soppoe* d to be the Arago^ the police sent round to say that the gasometer was out —we are glad to say, never to return. He would be aX)ormg the paeeage the Jorf 4 attained a highspeed, of order, and the house was closed. bold Peer" indeed who wouid have seconded Sayersi iHKvingrunonthe10th,3Tj0miles;onthexltn,SO-2 Ithadbeendeterminedtocommencetherevolution yesterday,aBLordDeerhurstneedtosecondSpring;vcameforth,muchmarkedandwithaheavycutover«kart-redtheCanard.Company'snewB«reweteamstip•jPmkRthie,and roteyklto dispatchh«rwiththemailsfor precipitatingthefevol?;. Themonasterywas sacked, carry off the Champion's belt into anotherblows which were always dealt on the eyes- At this owing to the ring been broken, and b y t h e fact that, time several policemen came upon t h e scene, a u d-"Qaebec on the 16tb cf Hay aext. •THE STATE O F EUROPE' jymm Oar Own Casr««poo3e«i.TXTHIN, April, i^, 1860.country; There i sand, of course, that country was America. n o cieguising the fact that this challengeThe que*tk>s of the annexation of Nice to Franceremain ai^htleBS,and athie merjy. Sayers now tried cannot be awarded to him for his courage and cool- getting away, and leading h s opponent round the ring. ness. We are of opinion, even without,that arm, thatwho was jast unclosing a shutter. Indeed, it appears -chieftownofthedistrictdoomedtobe«;omeFrench that thetroops,af:er hastening onthecat'^stropho, agahwt the will of the mo*t important portion of its as jost narrated, went firing a t random along the street, i m k a V i w i t f t , m a d e a n i n t e r p e l l a t i o n a b o a t t h e e e ^ m i x g c a r e l e s s , o r w a n t o n l y m u r d e r o u s i n t h e i r i n -. %rieet, threats, and maneuvers of the French, an I clinations.especially of Senator Pietri, who acts a t Xi-se as if Through this day there was much fighting in differ- tee country had already been a>s:>rbed by the entpartsofthechy,butitisimpossibletoobtainany-nine tenths of the community. Tacro Baemed some- tnicgalmostpatrioticinitswayforftmanofhislight weight t o encounter a brawny giant, w h o describes himself as being "half horse, half alligator, and a bit " o f t h e p n a p p i B g - t u r t i e , " a n a w n o , i n a d d i t i o n t o a l theee qualities, has proved himself to be as clever and formidable a prize fighter a s ever entered t h e ring. W e need scarcely enter o n a n y rec%pitulation o f the evetts which led to this match, all of whish may b ek » Pzrbament. Gar^aldi, w h o represents t h eIn one of these inns be got a heavy blow on the neck, be would eventually have pulled through, h a d th eAs a party of the Eoyal soldiers were going along has led to an amount of attention being be-the street early on the morning of this fight, they heard a slight noise from a houee b y which they had just passed; a t *nce they turned about and discharged theirstowed upon th e prize-ring which it has never re- ceived before; and, much as all decent people disliked the idea of two fine men meeting to beat each other half to death, it was nevertheless cevoutly wished that, a s somebody-vras.to be !>eaten, i t might be the American." thudo" upon the face of one or the other being clearcost bim dear. Of Tom Sa ers we need say no moremuskets at the Palazzo Petroella, where Mr. Gardner,raised yesterday a great storm in t h e first Ital- an Englifh merchant, resides, killing a servant ^ r l There is no doubt that Sayers had the good wishes ofand more blind. I t appeared all a chance whether the right arm (his principal weapon] was rendered almost English Champion would be struck senselessor Soenan ueelea from th e commence nent, too much praiaeblow a t Ileenan, who returned it with a very heavy one, which aent Tom. tstaggeriug back, and attar some furtherexchanges,allintavorofthepowerfulyoung American, Sayers got downantagonist in th e Bun—to close with h'm aud smash him, as be had on7y one arm, while the friends of Sayers called to him to take his time, as the Americanthat bis hands «re tot strong, for befoie half the battle was got through his left haod waa so much swelledas to be almost ueelees, and this, doubtless, was fortunateAgain the men were attended to, and again Sayers«?ssSayers came o n again, and, watchiDg h i s m a n cau- tiously, Btepped back from a dreaatul blow aimed a t him, sprang in before the American could recover him- self, a n d gave Heenan a terrific smash fall in the eye, splitting up the cheek and sending Ins huge antagonist reeling like a drunken man back into his corner. T h e eflect of this blow was so tremenduoas that even before half a minute h a d elapsed Heenan couid scarcely be recognized as the same man, eo swollen, disfigured. andnlood-Btainedwerehisfeatures. Tnerewereloud cheersforSayers,whowentuptoHeenaa'scorner andpeeredintohisfacewith acurious,halfpuz- zled expression, ae^f he too was astounded b y the ef- fects of his own handiwork, layers now let no timeblood,butHeenan,withoutrelazinghiahold,turned lepsbeheldshortlytodecidewhatshalloedone,and precautions, a special train was hired, which onhisrightarm,againdashedin,andgaveinreturna himselfeoasto;gethieantagonist's.neckovertherope, fullpar-cola'swilla.pe'arinournext. Itisimpossi-wasorwasnottheredoubtableSayersorHeenau notadecidedfavorite,thereatleastseemednothing ground,Sajeranearlyhalfstrangled. Thepolicenow. Thelong-projectedfightbetweenJohnC.Heenau,foursoldiersandthreecompanionsofarms;thatthe himself. Allalongthelinepolicewereposted,witn tochoosebetweenthetwo. AUtheroundshadbeen madeadeterminedefforttointerfere,whichthosepres- theBeniciaBoy,_and(ThomasSayers,theChampionof Thisaggressivepoliey isopenlyavowedhereat troopshadtakenpossessionofthemonasteryofthe mountedpatrols,atregulardistances;butthetrain longandcautiouslyfought,butthehittinghadbeen.entseemedequallydeterminedtoprevent,aadthe£mba*«uk>rBrassierdeSt.Simoncommunicated thecapi'al),andthatsomearmedbandswhichhadap- theFarnboroughstation,closetoAldershott, Iuan andafterlong-eparring,intheseventhencounter,both wasinundatedbyadeneecrowd,whichscarcelyleft morningthevisitorstotbesceneofactionwerecon-te Count Cavour the Austrian protest against the instant after, all were out in the fields, following the. pauped,.rept'ed, and at last retired to riuse out their the combatants »ix Bquare feet to fight in. Umpires, veyed from she London-bridge Station, and tb*y'peared in the neighborhood of the capital bad been de- men who with the ropes and stakes led the way across annexation ofCentral Italy, theable statesmau stroyed,butthattranquillityand orderhadbeenpar whattnrnedouttobeamostdifficultpieceofcountry.mouths,whichwereverybloody,withwater. Asthey referees,apdallwere overwhelmed, andthewhole alighted near Farnborough. Thefightlastedtwo came up ag-dn Sayers a t once daehed i n a n d gave thing became a mere close m o b round t h e hours and three m nutes, during which time thirty-nine another terrilic blow to Heenan, wtich sent the blood two m e n fighting. After this four other rounds rounde were fought Sayers drew " first blood," andremarked, Austria sends us word that she is prepar- ing to retake Eombardy, we reply that we are prep*r- jng to take Venice. The Chamber seemed to feel thisJectly reestablished.The fighting, thus began, continued daDy throngThere seemed a constant succession of double hedge* and ditches, which were crossed a t last more or less fcuccessfully, until a rather narrow stream, o r verypouring down over h is broad chest, and'seeded t o make his huge form tremble like a child's. Heenan paused for a moment and then darted in, but Sayera got under his guard, closed, and, after giving h i m some heavy body blowa, both fell, Sayers under.It had been noticed in the last tw o rounds that Sayer8made nottheleast useofhierighthand,with whichinallhispreviouscontestehehadadministered suchterrilic punishmentthat afull blowfromitmay almostbesaidtodecidethefateofabattle. Therea- son of this was now painfo.lly apparent on his again stepping into the ring. In stopping one of Heenau'swere fouwht, in the midst of this dense mass of parti- Heenan claimed the first knock down blow. Sayer*eoblindthatinthelastroundhecouldnotseo +f Jlaltj^thus to express the hop*s and aspirations eitizensare supposed to have been killed. Among the face. Umpires for each man were appointed, and a notwithstanding the loss of his right arm, etill pushed Sayers,' but hit his unpuspfcting Fecond a tremen-oftheItalians. Austriawill,ofcourse,protest revolutionarypartyarenumerousmembersofthehigh- refereeforboth?andthesepreh'tninavieaover,Heenan in,andgavetheAmericananotherfearfulblow,whichhothen presented. Innightheisabout6feet peeredinwithacurioualooktoaeewhatauachi«fhehad two, with extraordinarily long arms, deep chest, aad cone. T h e blow, however, though dreadful to look wide and powerful shoulders. His appearance yester- at, seemed to have n o effect on the strength o f thedousblowintheface,whichknockedhimheadoverWhileeomuchofthegood^tba*.isdoneeverydayis"against this title, andNaples, too,butsince2»apoleon seems to have waived his objec- theyoungmenareonthatside.heels. BothmenthenIsftwhatbadbeenthering,Sajers, though much blownanddistressed,walking anewspaper,'*itwould behard indeedifwewere firmly and coolly away, with both his eyes open and bound to mirror th e woret side of humin nature. clehr. His right arm, however was helpless, his mouth There a r e times, however, when t h e EcneitiveneesEmpire,thematterseemsalreadytobedecided. This name implies, of course, that the present Stace ofthingsisonlyatemporary truce,andnotalast-sentwordthatheneedednomore. TheRoyalIntend- eute is said to make sommon cause with the revolution- ists. FromPalermothesupplyoffreshwaterandpro-haddevelopedtheimmensemusclesofhi«armsand shoulders till they appeared like masses of bone be- neath thethin covering of skin. Tnere seemedgaunt iron frame e f the American, who was quicklyout, and after some slight aparnng again launohed forthbio powerful arm, and striking Sajers on the nose witha blow that was heard all over tae meado w, ha felledand noee were dreadfully beaten, and the side o f h i sbead and forehfad much*punished. ' Heenau was al-most unrecognizable aa a human be'ng, soKdreddfaIhad been his punishment about the face and neck. Y e tbe was etill aa 9trong on his lege, apparently, as ever, confronted with its hideous details. I f there are any ofestfamilies;and,asintheoutbreakof1818,mostof proceededtostriptohiswaist. Iteeeniedimpogsibia which centhimstaggeringback,tohavetheblood torestrainamurmurofadmirationattheappearao.ee wipedfromhi«gashedfeatures,whileSayersaausualcommonhheldtobe"unsuitableforthecolumnsofiion*, remembering that I>»mbardy a n d Venice Troops were leaving Naples for Sicily in large num-w e r e called b y t h e Bame title under t h e first bers, a t the latest accounts, though the Governor h a d - da3T was truly formic- able. Exercise and long trainingof quiet easy-going people ought n o t t o b e spared, and . w e ihink toat English society which, fore- warned for weeks, permitted tbe exhibition at ABU yesterday, has no right t o complain a t beinging peace. I n the meanwhile l^amoriciere, having visions from the country h i d been c u t off, a n d great, not a n ounce o f superfluous flesh. H i s ribs showedhim like an ox. Thia round lasted 13 minutes, and themen seemed BO distressed at its close that each had to thanks to bis perfect trailing, and," after leaving the ouneadere whocau peruse it without regret, we confessto the expansion of the Kingdom of Italy toward the South, whiu*r on the other hand, a n insurrection isroaminginthemountains,it.remainstobeseemHis Kojal Highness the Count of Syracuse, the unclesupport the prize ring. W efivein times of reacv'oas and revivah. Because some new delusions have been delected, old lies are welcomed back a s credible, and purely none o f them is greater than the pretense that eoc'etycanbeinanywayrenovatedorstrengthened by tbe epecUcle of two xaen fighting in a ring until their disfigured faces cease to have a human likeness.If whattookplaceatAfhyesterdayisgood,we ought to have m>re of it. W e ought to be able to eee • it at the' Alhambra and elsewhere for our shil- ling, see it under th e sanction of la w and the" regulationofthepolice;butifitisbad,itoughtnot tobeallowedanywhere. Iuasporiingprint publishedIsotevening,wefindtheremarkinspiredat Aeaterday'slight:"Whenwesawthoimmensenum- ber of fmt-clasB menourhearts warmed, and we thought ofthe days of oargrandfathers whentbe glorious old Corintbiflns lvX>ked upon the Ring as an ioeti'-ution of the country." Aud let the same author- ity tell what tbee^ iirpt-classmen came t o s e e . Tiie American, we are told exc ted the admiration of hi*.' opponents. " His right eye was nearly blinded earlyhad to contend. A s far as training went, however, superior in hight, weight, strength, and lengttt of arm, ant fight which look place near Farnborough, in in tbc contest; abour. the vJ5;h round his left was also theutmo«thadbeendoneforboth,anditwouldnot andhecouldonlyfollowuphisadvantagebygiviiig Hampebire,England. We.havethereingivenasketch fistgoingtosleep. Hebadanawful'picturegal-be a lose lesson if some of our young volunteers imi- another heavy blow with his left in the mouth, and a of tbe champions of the gladiatorial arena of Greece lon-' to lot-k at. Ilia snout was like tbat of a luigedexpected ail over the Neapolitan kingdom from day oi the K;ng of Naples, h^s sent to the latter a memo-How the Sght would have terminated but for theiu- terfererce of the police it ie now literally quite im- strong. AssoonaaSayerswasinreachHeenangave possibletocayore'enspeculate. AtanymomentbytomeofJleonax'usupporters.Auimprudentebulli-andCesariniSforzaareRomansexiledbythe edge,asitissnactionbetweentwoportionsofthetremendous^powersofhitting. Sayers,too,looked tion,inasmuchaBSayefseeemedstungbythetaunts impieeeionleftiaoneofastonishmenttaatSay«rs,witheachother.Inthiswayonly,bywithdrawingyour- of Naples; a n d Techio a n d Paleocapa Venice. ktif from all foreign pressure, and by a political union Turin,situatedat theextremityofthePeninstAa, wi»hPiedmont,will your M-jjeaty beabletobethe tpeaking a corrupt dialect—a town without a his- generous arbiter of the development of those civil in-toryorliteratuie—misnow becomethecenterof stitutionswhichtherenovatorofourmonarchycon- ferred, when, alter the kiigdom had been rescued from Italy, and Victor Emanuel reigns over the hearts th« vais-Jige of Austria, he created in the helds ofnotonly of eleven millions of hissubjects, butof Velletrithe most powerfal S:ateofItaly. Shallwe twenty-seven millions of Italiaos. pr?ftrr an ill-advised municipal isolation to a national poHcy?Amunicipalisolationexposesusnotonlyto As to Austria, she Tema:ns in her state of chronic foreign pressure, but worse it'll; tor by abandoning bankruptcy. ThepapercurrencyoftheEmpireis thecountrytointernaldiscordsitwillrenderitthe ea*y prey of pirty. Then force will be the sapreme atadiscountof32perceut;thesubscriptions to law. Butihemindofyour Majesty undoubtedlyre-t h e n e w l o a n a m o u n t s c a r c e l y t o f i f t y m i l l i o n s , v o l t s a t t i e i d e a o f r e p r e s s i n g o n l y b y t h e p o w e r o f while the Minister of Finances expected to receive arms thoi?e passions whioh- the loyalty of a youog king twohundredmillions;theprovincesarediscontented, canmoderateinsteadandturntogood,bysubstituting andtheamv>cracywwollasthepriestsareleaving oblivionforrancor,extend-ngthehandoffriendshiptagonistinbight,weightandBtrength,andabove ablowwhicheent,himtotterngback,"foliowingitupwithanonaformidableantagouiet,andthatHeenan all, length of arm, made it'almost a mittor of.sur- with another and auotner, and. a fourth tremenooasoae should have boine bis terrilic punishment without hie prisehowhecouldhopetocontestwithhimataU. in.themouth. Heenanaeeinedstaggeredbythese strengthorcouragetofightgivingway.When to these d'sadviintageB are added the superior fearful visitations, and reeled likeadrntik6uman, leav-amovementwhichEuropecannotrefuse to acknowl- theshouldsrsthatoneseesanythingtoaccountforhiePope;PoerioandMencinirepresentthekingdom samecountry,equallyfreeandequallyindependentof hardaaflint,buthisdeficienciesinregardto>jbisan- oftheAmericans,andagainspriogingin,gaveHeenan onearm,shouldhaveeolongcontended,withsuccess,as lhat of a mulatto; a n d the "fancy" leaufc strongly fiiultfandcrimes. Onthelothult.,theanniversa- ingthethroneoVCharlesIII.onaoasuwhichcivil• totheopinionthattheformerwaatoodelicato,andownblow. Tnerewaaaabortpause,duringwhich etrainedtoeaytbattl-emiserableinterruption,which aboutthewxthround. "liewascaughtoutheropes Tom, ae usual, scanned curiously the dreadful effect of wo are compelled to announce, runs not in accordance twice by his madden-d adversary, who placed Toxn1 s , hi6;hut:ng,andbotnwentat.itagain,eachexchang- wi'hthevauntedmanlinessattributedtoprize-lighting; headinchancery,andonthesecondoccasionwoni* ingheavyblowstillbothwerecoveredwithblood-- andprize-fightersiugeneral. Theheroismdisplayed havestrangledbimoutrighthadnottheropesbeenfrom the Court, not to share the responsibility of its to the king of the other part of Italy, and consohddt-ryoitherevolutionof1648,ademonstrationtook jpiace a t Pesth, which w a s dispersed by force o f arm*. One student, wounded a t that time by a bul-Jet, has since died, andforty thousand persons accom- panied h i s corpse t o t h e cemetery; patriotic speeches were made over his grmve, and all theizedEuropeeither.possessesordemands." n Iwere gentlemen of all rat ku—members of both BLoueea The general news by the Vanderblltis of very little in plenty. Authors, poets, painters, soldiers, aud evenGENERAL NEWS;importance.Prom England we learn that the works connected with the Great Eastern continue to be prosecuted withclergymen were present.There was a minute's pause after the final shaking«rowd joined in singing the national hyaui, not in-timidated by the police, gensd'annes, and cavalry vigor, and in the engineers'and shipwrights''depart- nists face tp face at last. Both instantly put them-ThefoliowinguthedefinitiveresultofthevotuK'inmusculurleftintoplay,reachedoverTom'sgaardlikeligntning, and knocked him down with a tre-decideditmustofneoes-ityboresumedand<^ *f? somedayoranother. Wetrustnot. Nowt&**tnethe City office: T'c.vUMs£allati<.- -For annexation, 0,810; against, < Icular a r m . Both seemed very cautious. T h e feints were quick andconstant,and aseach avoidedthehight of the ground on which Heenan stood, and the ing himself so unguarded that if Sayers bud had r.he light of the sun fall in Sayers's eyes, it will ba ae^n use of > ia right firm the light would have ended there•THE VOICE O F THE PRESS.andthen-Asit/was,however,Sayersdsrednottrust Frat*H'tik**'Spiritofth«Time*. howtremendous were theobstacles with whichhe himselfinthegripof an antagonistaoimmenselyhis Inthisiesuewillbofoundan accountoftheimport-tatedrheboxersintheserespects. Theirwholesys-tem of training may be summed up in two or threewords—moderation ineating aoddrinking,exercise,a n d c o n s t a n t u s e o f t h e s p o n g e ' b a t "a a n d r o u g h t o w e l s .With theee aidd any man can train; without them.hocandonothing. Heenan'Sskinyesterdaywas,aswe sentSayerabiniBelfreelingbackfromtheforceofhis utmostintereettoourreaders..Weare,however,o*n- abledbyasteam-hammerblowfrombisopponentat havesaid,fairandwhiteasmarble—rkyers'Basdarkhands, when the seconds retired siud left th e antago-and the disadvantages under whioh Sayres laboredLord Brougham is to be installed as Chancellor of appeared to many to be too much for htm. The sun ored, wore almost natural when compared to those ofman o f fdull and lortitude, wa< to be taugbt '0J » • n fcl,af,roa*1D^!andlargemeetingshavetakenplace. him;yetSayerseeemedcoolandconfident,audamiled came out.andHeenan atonbe, bringingnisgaunt, cosily,asheventuredinreachofthattremendousmus-conceive.Itisgivenoutthatastheconuictiswmun- noW(1ptraigbt a t Heenan a n d dealt him a blow in the facethat was b*aid all over the field. • H is antagonistBsemed nothing loth t o close for' all this, aod gave conduct cf tse crowd on Tuesday as most diegTacefaL Sayers almost as bad a blow in return, till they both moet dastardly, and most infamous. This shamefulloud)y and repeatedly w as each of them cheered* The gsme displayed o n both sides w a s remarkable. ThegluttonyandbottomofT<mSayeraaretoopro- verbial to need further comment a t our hande: but a s certain rumors have been flying about to tne effect thatHeenanwasdestituteofthosequalities,wedeem it right t o express our belief that a gamer, more deter- mined fellow, never pulled a shirt off. H is punish- ment wasterrible, and yethe took it,roundafterround, without flinching, a n d almost invariably with aemileonhisface. "Weareboundtoownthatin this,'as in his- talent, be has -very agreeably disappointed us;»ndhadwenotknownhisgradually b e c m e one o f the most intense and brutal bis left, which wae as straight as a dart, and early in exciiemt-nt TherewereshoutstoHeenantokeephis thelightwasveryheavy. Itappearstous,however,alwayH cool and wary, never now threw a chance away. Several rounde were" fought after this with success more orleesvarying,eachtakingandgiving heavy blows, a n d writhing h i s batcered face into such contortions as might pass for smiles. In all the chat's Heenan's immense etrengta prevailed, and h e threw th e Champion easily, till in both.the 21et and 22d rounds Sayers w as knocked off his legs. Still b e came u p gayly though carefully, andW?B fast blinding a n d muBt give in. Tne beta were for Tom, who, with his right a r m gone, could have,even en both men, and then again varied with everyround. When Sayera waa knocked down almost sense-less under a tremendous blow there were cheers fromthe Americans till th efieldsechoed again, which were learn. Of his conduct at the conclusion of the battle retorted by the E»g iflh whenever their champion sent -we cannct epeak in too strong terms. W e trust it waahieeyelrow,tocopewithHeenanin hisowncorner. This time the pparring was eo long and cautious that a t laetboth men put down tueir hands and laughed. Again they began, and after a few feints Heenan dashed out his left and for the fourth time 'airly struck 8 Ayers t o the ground with a very heavy blow. T h e effect of iheee repeated blows seemed almost greater on the spectators than on Sayers. T h e latter tried to treat them lightly, but around the riDg a very different opin- ion was entertained, a n d Heenan was backed to win, and was cheered and encouraged to the utmost. Both men were duly wiped down, andS*yers's bead a u d fiice, which were now smeared wi'h blood and heavily brujeed and bumped, was held close-pressed between cold spoDgee to keep down th& contusions, which h a d now altered bis deep sallow hue.Shouts, now went round t h e ring that Sayers hadvirtually already lost, and indeed t h e punishment h ehad received was eo much more severe than that be-stowed upon his tall, wiry antagonist, who seemed al-ways einiling and ai waj s fresh, that matters really be-gun to kok'serious for the Champion, and aimoat to which enabled bia antagonist to overtake him, when fight been finished on the day; bat it is useless speca- warrant the behef that " the belt, was going to Troy " they cloe-cd, and Sayera fell, Heenan etriking him a Itit ng on cases wh'ch may 5et again be brought on forl A p p a r e n t l y r o u s e d b y t h e s e a h o u t s t o s t r o n g e r e f f o r t s , h e a v y b l o w o n t h e h e a d w h i l e o n t h e g r o u n d . A n a p - t r i a l , " a n d w e s h a l l t h e r e f o r e l e a v e t h e p u b JC t o f o r mhis huge opponent reeling back from t h e tremendous occasioned by the ttate of excitement in which he waaabove all the din. Sayera aeemed getting weaker each than that he fought the battl* throughout with consum-time he was knocked off his lege, »nd Heenan more mate tact a n d judgment, a n d , considering that hiapeal of foul pl»y was made, butit wae overruled, their ownopinion*. Onthe questionofnationality, the as tbe blow was euppoeed to be Btruck in the haar,of fighting, a n d Heenan, i t w a s truly said, couldscarcely ree whether his antagonist was up or down.The fighting was still very quick, Heenan almost a s and America possess brave eons, and each country hasBans of e'ther aide, who, however, allowed the men tofight in the f&ireat way they couid, consistent with theirnaving hardly any room to fight at all This, however,was, on the whole, unf»iirto Sayers, whose only chancenow lay in avoiding the tremeodou* blows of his an- blowa. Heenan once got tbe Cnampion's head undermosttremendoussmashin'.otheAmerican'snbe,which indRome,continuingthehistoryoftrial8ofthewand boar,andhehadfearfulgashesinhischeeks,butsull Bounded all over the meadow as if a box had been sinew down to the preeent day. Wo have noticedthe ho fought with indomitable pluck. Wben he bit his- smashedin. Inaminuteafter,however,Heoaancame blowswereterritic,and sounded onthecarsoftheu p t r y i n g t o l a u g h , b u t o n l y t o r e c e i v e a s t i l l w « r a e c h a m p i o n s o f E n g l a n d , f r o m F i g g t o S a y e r g , a n d w e s p e c t a t o r s l i k e t b e c r a c k o f a h u n i i n g - w h i p . " T o e blow in tne face, whioh covered him with blood,and havo given many details which cannot fail to be of the light arm of the Englishman, we are tcld, was dis-wouldbruisetoomuch,andthiawastrue. Asthemen stripped, thespectators satdown outsidethe eapecially theBonecia Boy,whoiu theendrallied bytheBenioiaBoy,andhiscourageousbearing, were cut."ropes, about, BIX feet distant, in an outer ring, in whichand n it o u t fiercely, knocking Sayers dotvu with auawfulamath. ThepowerlessneSBofSayers'sright frequentlyapplaudeddnr'ngtbe fight. Little,thei-e- Andthisiethe"nobleart,"toseewhichhundreds, arm was more than ever manifest in this round, which fore., did tlie small bands of Americans seated around it ie ea'id thousands, paid their three gumeas a piece- lastednearly 20minutes. Heseemedunabee?euto thatringexpect,toseoitbrokenup. That it was so, yesterday. Forthia thedays ofour grandfathers,. moveitfromhisaide,anditwasfortunateindeedfor wi'lbefoundtootrue,anditsmotivesseentooplainly, tbcHe"glerioufoldCorinthians,"aretobe»viveo. himthatHeenan himself makesverylittleuseof his whenournarrativeoftbecontestisperused. Wohave Thesimple,accountofthematterappearstobetbatw» right. Both men now eeemed much diatresaed, and ho hesitation iu pronouncing John C.Heenan fiirly en- American, a man in the flower oi youth, mucb tau«^ Heenan presented au awful aight. His face was gashed titled to the champion's belt. H e knocked down h iswith apparently very deep flesh wounds, a n d t h e adversary thirteen times, and, o n o n e ocoasiou, throw whole of the right fcide of hiaface,eye,nose,and himlikeafro>;.juendons blow* Aguiu Sayera was out,though°fMr.Gladstoneasreaorof\.\hotherwith'moreorleasagilitynGlthercouldhelp anexcuse,andstoppedfurtherproceedings.Atthistheirtruecharacter,wemayexpecttbat.itwUJloeionsiduibnrg-i Lmvermty took pl&ae on Monday, the lOtb laughing, A t last Sayers caught a eiight bio w ou the Untitled Document V/• • - ; .lay U/ore them, at,d believe they will n o t think weonly point that has been decided, and the only point indid not show many signs of punishment, but his rightconflictoftwomensounequallymatched,w«^**TMWF& mmMMiatl^Afr a—...^..- VU...V ,..:;.; "Ift'W'""••••J-jJ-jjg.' -lmrffiii"—fr"maim aaam^MMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 