 NEWYORKHERALD.Admittedduringtheweek,U28;died,dischargedplesofmanipulation,«*»**^^^^tt fomP years,andgiveanannualplunderequalto four hundred millions o f dollars. This multi-exceed$250,000 forthelongsession,and $50,000moteforthedepartments,makingin all $300,000. A s a n illustration o f the way in which th e expense i t accumulated, w e maystatethatinthethirty-thirdCongresstheJ1MIISOBDOffB I » « T T ,aadseattotheState prisonandpenitentiary,UTS-leaving an increase of 55. The Clerk of theBoardoccupiedthetimenearlyaptofiveo'clock pliedbyfour,arguesWeed,issixteenhundredroM 1MH ***.LA PR A gBsTXWt THRATBI IM Broadway.-^aavmK«W B O V n i TH1ATBS. fcwery.-Poi*x Jeaiu*-- W i i m i x i BOTS-*a*aa Fast Man.BROADWAY MOUB0IB, **• •»••*WK_T5"^?'*7 VBarMwvna SAW A f * w - ( r t » so* tvu^Tow* AcBawnnra AJODUCAX MOSXTTM, Broadway-Altar-meeting wOl be held on the 21st inat, when all theleadingSouthernAmericanCongressmenareex- wasintheascendant,havingreceivedeighty-pected to be present.Judge Hogeboom has dissolved the injunctionrestraining the sale of the Brooklyn ferry leasee. WegivetheopinionoftheJudgeelsewhere.The case will, it ia understood, be taken to the Court of Appeals.were being laid •pen the desks-of Senators by i deem it advisable to reorganise our State In League, and presented by them, rcpfioansid ttconjunction with the national Union party, and, of t h e people upon t h e qsisHia. B h conatttueai inordertobringaboutsodesirableaconsum- knowhbn,andiftheywantednayIsgadaftMaofeawasnanMew York,,rebrmtrjr 13,1*60.Southern at 78c.a10c. Pork "wasfirm,but mentsmaybepresentedtofourOTfivemem-thedecreeoftheEmperoragainstit.This allupwiththe'chiffonniersnow-a-days,we^fear.Howetomorrow.less active ; o ld mess sold a t $17 60; n e w d o . 4 They would be much better employed in labor- Tbe following has been very privately circulated asaoag at $18 60, old prime at $12 25 a $12 60, and $14 50 for bers to induce them to give him their votes. circumstance proves the correctness of the ing for a decent living than in waiting upon those believed to be entirely reliable in the State —MAILS FOR ETJEOPET h e R a w ¥ • » * H e r n i a — • d l t l o n torTbs Canard mail steamship Asia, CSpt. Lott, will leave aha port to-day, for Liverpoolhew. Bugara were firm, with sales of 400 hhds. and 200 He wanted but four to elfct him on Monday. opinion which the HERALD has constantly ex-boxes, at rates given in another column. Coffee waa Arm, There is a rich placer at stake, which will pressed in commenting upon recent events inwithsalesof900bagsRioaad200do.Santos,atfullamplyrepayalittleoutlayinclearingawayEurope.ThepowersofLouisNapoleonandProvidence and sighing for the spoils.ABSBICAH BALASCCor Powaa PABTV IK r u STATS of ITaw Toaa.Brw To,K'•*•*-*•Ms* ItemBiR-Itbaabeendeemedadvnaete,taeoaaaBanea with others, that a convention of three delegatea from each comity,composedofthosewhoaawaartadOnOntoaticketta Una State meet st Binghantton, February 1», at 10 A. M., at the Exckanee fiotel, to reorganise onrbtate ta onojunettonTan smito fur «uropa win close la this otty attono'clockone of them must go down.It is not difficultIkeaeatoato of She tmortsJt Samoa or rei HSXALBwMDiwtrtthesen*leccfrsd bymallaadtelegraphat motiveswhichanimate,andthevilemeansPROPO-T h e H e w s .The Bohemian reached Portland jester day morn-in* with new* from Earope t o the 2d inat, four day* later.Cottoo waa firm in Liverpool at fair prices forthat are used by, the leaders of that political organization.The system of corruption and robbery that have s o long characterized and acandalixerl the city and State governments of New Yorkis striving to fasten itself upon every branch ofone million and thirty-three thousand dollars ($1,033,000). Thisisafallaciousstatement,and as Bowman is now the contractor for the print- ing of the Senate, it ia his interest to make the country believe that there is little or no profit from the job. Let us test his statement by theTimes, received at Portland by the Bohemian,announces that Eaglaad has made most mag~ ried out, and we hope the Supervisors will ap-to 4par centThe ahip Endymion, of New York, waa burnedin the Mersey. No Urea were lost, and the luggage of the passengers was mostly saved.Black Republican National Committee if they would elect his man for Printer; and in every combination in federal black republican poli- tics Seward and Weed's slate forms a promi-December 9, 1851^ reported April 21, 1858, through their chairman, Mr. George Taylor, of Kings county, that the per eentage paid by the sub-contractortothevariouspublicprinters on t h e Thirty-third a n d Thirty-fourth Con-shepossessedanyclaim.Thispropositionistheirpoliticalopinionsonthegreatquestionthegoodstothebuyer,paybacktinmoney,andalsoall Switzerland waa excited on the subject. A French iron plated frigate, with thirty-six rifled cannon, had been ordered to sea in all haste at Toulon, but her destination was not announced. Caribeldi was married, and at Como.dollars the aggregate expenses of Pennsylva- nia, Virginia and Ohio.The spoils are at once the aim and the instru- ment of the black republican party. Through them it has obtained the control of all the freeIt is stated that an agent or principal, who,the Evening Post concludes, is the senior editor with the appropriations for the Erie and other caasb re.la Congressyesterday the Senate had before itbear to gain possession of the federal revenues,Mr. FIAGIXH(rep),fromtheRroRataCommittee,pub mitted the balance of testimony taken before the commit-agreed to except the one abolishing the franking privilege, whkh wee rejected—yeas 60, nays 112.The Cleric of the Hoase of Representatives ha» decapitated a nomber of democratic holders ofsubordinate offices. We give a list of thefyears, was but $1,033,000 (one million thirty- three thousand dollars), absolutely less than is paid in one year, as the reader may see by com- paring the following figures:—**• *afl»x*n, and also the names of theosera, km oar telegraphic despatches from Washing,endeavor to stir up the moral sentiment of the years.....people against a phantom evil that they pic- What it really costs in one yearon.. * 2 TM | «°nJw» of intareat were discussed in the$1,033^00 1^89^62DifferenceIt will be thus seen that in one year the printdiencesinalltheprincipalcitiesandtowns* themonfit.Patrick'sday,attheAcademyofMusic,Sub- The other day we had Wendell Phillips lecturing ject: "The Fidelity of Ireland in Defence o f her IibertieeWe were informed last evening that an accioW had happened to the *~mrSm^7£ZLandHraUriSm.JFiirowa,Hiss MA JW ,J reuse, JU oaeoftoomccb uapurtanfieto warrant striking out the tuxe.(measures)as*suras,IISbepptrd,OrXVt;Urt.Mr csjaoticgclaaae. Hethoughttbetimeshosadbegiveatorthat she left her wharf, pier No. 1 Northriveratabout five o clock P. M.boond for Stoanogtoa, aadthat when she waa off Heater a Point, appositetreasury. And when they have obtained this prize, they doubt not that they will be able to control, and even get possession of, the reve-andwhichcanbefoundbyanyonein theasalectureonthe"DutiesofHumanGovern-Cbvyressioncd Globe, he showed, from the certi ment;" and to-night Cassius M. Clay, of Ken- fled return of the Register In the Treasury De tucky, holds forth' at the Cooper Institute, inaadabaH8Bansa,JWBalaam,HMorgan,HDeaMu,JM I'ralwlgM, J A Kewbrer, G W Peaciiaaaa, M*a 0 WOseoad and chud. H A Middleton, A f aad A HS-.udder. Mrwtfre t hadaiek, S WalufleWer, Miss Wi«,la. MMa &attk, C B Boot? toe, C Waaafeui*, tfept Boas, HI Maflo,. B kaeaar, fl Woad, D J <iiiuape, i WBtakaa, * U JBotta. J f Ueardaley C 8 *n*dataoraoghdawuaniwoftbeqoaattoaontosmeritsaad without prejudice. He moved to report pingumTats motion prevailed, a n d { h e n , after several heal bills, the Assembly adjourned.fireoeiUmiiMhid * « • **•* hypeoplewhohad observed her from the time that she waa atop,NEW YORK HBRALD, WlOKlSDAY, ngOTAKT 15, varioushtotitaUonatohe8,384atthepresenttime.byaproperapplicationoftheAlbanyprinei-atclearasdaythattheentirecoatoughtnotto<Iliiiai•• tfcall"apoliticalstumpspeechtnitsIEW8FiOMTOJUTECAPITAL belly,"bythesetravellingBaraumsofthere-publicanparty.in reading the semi-monthly requisitions, at which millions of dollars, a sum which will cover a House and Senate ordered 1,119,780—upwards hour, there not being a quorum in attendance, tin multitude of tills when'woget it-and renderTHE BsootXTX FERRT LEASES—DECISION- OP JUDGE HOGEBOOM.—We publish in another column the opinion of Judge Hogeboom In the case of the Brooklyn ferry leases. It It an able and elaborate exposition of the principles involved. Some o f our contemporaries haveIVb U laaa Tbe Pr«e Flghttng bill was ordered to a third ithii evening.The House man newt mtoPresident adjourned the meetieg over until Toet- our defeat impossible. This isthe character ofday next. the cool calculations of the leaders of theblackof one million one hundred and nineteenthousand—extra volumes beyond what wasWepobliahhianotherpartofto-daj'epaperan republicans. ForthisSewardiscontentto necessaryfortheiruse. Whatftvastlibraryadvertisement, coming from the passengers of the strike hands with Wendell Phillips, Wilson ftc- that would make if expended on usefulsteamer Cortes, which arrivedfromSan Francisco knowledges that the Gamaliel at whose feet he books, Instead of the trash for which the York. But, for our own part, we regard it aaatPanamaonthe26thofJsnoary,givinginverydecidedtermatheirdisapprobationofthemanner satisWm.LloydGarrison,ShermanandGrow in which they were treated by the agents of the eadorseHelper, Greeley canonizes John Brown,country has to pay! As anotherex- quitethereverse. ThereaderwillbeatnoTansppanialssf SBasag ntms^sna a at a oftanShylocks,winhadaaadeaiwould refer to the proposition made by Blair jroMOTtCBante*a/aawsoiswiasiTiiriaesjin W*aVaet hardlyfairtreatment,andthePanamaRailroad antiAmericanslaveryunion,andurgeftde-andRives,in1841,todothereportingandPanama Railroad Company. If it be true, it is and the whole of them seek to form ft Britinh Coeapaaydeservethecensuretheyhavereceived. structiverevolutionthroughouttheUnion.printingoftheGlobefortheSenatefor$4,875 ciplesassertedinthisopinion,exposedtovery controversyuponittonIgnliindicatethaiitBtobeawwrifriSiliiaisusitl—leu••••••** ••••••*••<BOWBST TRBATBa. L m t a f aOUTKWAOAfTI fHBATMt, Breadway.-Kosuao* Or A tioo. Itwas announcedthatanationalUnionmass republican members he counted a majority.per session, or $9,750 per Congress, which, being doubled in order to includethe House of Representatives, would make $19,500 per Con-grave doubts, if not practically overthrown. Itbehovesourcityauthorities,therefore,tobe- stir themselves in this matter. The cats willfought step by step oa both i TheSenateing railroadsin which he denounced t h equicktornandthrewMr.LeetothepavementHe was picked op insensible and conveyed to his election of Printer to the House of Representa-residence, No, 110 Ninth street, where h e is now tives i s postponed till to-day. From t h e lying in a very critical state. report of Monday's proceedings it appearedgovernmentthesumof$221,496.graphoftheopinionthattheCourtintendsto throughoutthecountrytion by choosing permanent officers of the aasocia only one vote, though in the first caucus of thewhether Glossbrenner or some other receive the prize, we trust there is enough of public virtue left in the House to insist upon such conditions aswillpreventtheflagrant,barefacedrobbery of the people which has been carried on with impunity for the last few years.RELIABLE RAG PICKING POUTICUXS.—We pub-lish elsewhere a private circular signed by fiveof the most noted chiffonniers o f the rump of of exempting the 1the old American party In this State. They and Erie roada. He also denied that thoseThe sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,000. Han,CIBroad- bals.Themarketclosedwithsteadinessonthebasisofnot,however,followthatDefreeswillbeelect- 2dinsi;and,althoughnoeventofstartlingSBTAVTW MISSTBKLS,uses*,Ac.—WiConsno* quotationsgiventoanothercolumn.Flourwasheavy,edPrinter.Thedemocraticcandidatewas importancehaddevelopeditself,therewere ws* -Buaiasnoss, tones, DSenator Sptnoto opposed the bill la all U s feature*; but figure. The chiffomiers,headedbythe Iftheyweretobecomepublicplunderers,hehopedthatBrookses, have been running around like ft they would Include all of the railroads, and put ia the chicken with its neck half wrung, trying to get Hudson River and other roads not now mentioned in the1KB KlUA. and tome descriptions were lower, while sales of State only one vote behind him ; and as the abundant signs of the direction in which the and Western brands were to a toir extent; Southern flourprices. The stock of Bio embraced about 28,813 bags, 31,000 mats Java and 1,020 bags do., and a total of all kinds of 64,897 packages. There was a speculative move-COMPTROLLER^ REPORT.—Comptrollerndaptothebearaf housesofCongressinsevenyearshasbeenbutgood and middling qualities. Breadstuffs were the public revenue and expenditure. Thurlow official proceedings of Congress.CHARGE AGAINST A SOITHERN PRINT OF BLACK- MAILING NORTHERN MERCHANTS.—It is chargeddull. Consols rated in London at 94^. On the Id Weed is said to have offered over half of the The Select Committee appointed under the in asking us to give up the island of San JuanInsttheBankrateofdiscounthadbeenadvanced spoils of theCongressional printing to the resolution ofthe House of Representativesto England, in consideration of her making no claim to several other and smaller islands near the continent, to which she has never supposedAtlanta, Ga.. for the ostensible purpose of pub- lishing black and white lists of Northern mer- chants for the enlightenment of the South as tonotexceed$16,000.Mr. GKAST (dem.) introduced a bill to amend the Re.vised Statutes relative to mock auctions. It provides that if any auctioneer sells goods under a false representation of tbeir value, or eelis goods b y t h e piece whick do not all hold out equal to value to the sample, be snail forfeit/,Vniwrs,ofParis,hadpublishedthereplyoftie Pope to the Napoleon letter, and the paperwas suppressed in consequence. The condemned time in successful operation in Albany, and the gress amounted t o $20,000 p e r month,aboutasmagnanimousaswouldbeonefrom Spain that England should surrender Gibraltar to her, In consideration of her not pressing any claim to the island of Malta, and we should supposethat one proposition has just about as much chance of being accepted as the other. The fact is that the cession of the island of San Juan to England would be to give up to her the entire command of the two deep channels into Vancouver's Sound and the outlet to the Straits of Fuca. John Bull will have to gather some new ideas o f magnanimity before he can lay claim to that virtue in the San Juan dispute.oftheday—theblacklistembracingthenames payafineof$26,thehalfofwhichshallgotothela- former, tt gives any judge, mayor or Justice haviacnumber was, however, to be continued in Brussels.and varied but little from $240,000rights of the South—that the real object is to The Wallabout Martyrs' bill was reported favorably. levyblackmail,andthatitinsertsintheblack Mr. CALVIS,tramtheJudiciaryCommittee,reportedabillin favor of the anti-renters, changing the law of landlord listthenamesofallwhowillnotpaydowna andtenantsoastomeettheircases. Mr.Hammondcertain amount demanded, while it places in moved to refer back the reportAfter a sharp skirmish the motion prevailed b y a votenentelementThis slatehas beenfor somecriminal jui wdiction the power to enforce the penalty or imprison the offender.largest kind of sums of public expenditure areAll the religious journals had been warned done upon it Sosuccessful has thesystem per year—being mere emoluments of their reUtire to their treatment of the Papal ques- been that the expenses of the State of New sinecure offices—while the sub-contractortion. The protectionists were agitating strongly York, which are now completely in the handsof those hostile to Southern institutions, andthewhitelistthenamesofthosefriendlytothe Mr.MAaananaintroducedabilltochartertheAmericanagainst free trade, bat the Emperor was, aa realized above that amount a handsome re- ofti>erepublican spoilsmen, have been run up serve profit for himself. The per eentage toBaid, supported by many addresses. Demon- from eight millions, which they amounted to athe public binder had, up to that time, amounted, at twenty per cent, to $33,000. T h e gross amount of binding for the Thirty-third Congress is $538,458, for the Thirty-fourth Congress, $384,686—the p e r eentage o n t h e former being $107,691, and on the latter being $76,937; and these profits are realized without a n y equivalent whatever being ren-the white list the names of those who submit to its imposition.of 14 to 14, the President casting the doddiag rots for recommittal.The Canal Appropriation bill was reported back from the committee, with provisions for the extensioa of lbs Chenango, and tbe completion of the Champsata canal, u dstrations had been made at Chambery againsttheproposedannexatioaofSavoytoFrance,and presenttime,exceedingbythreemillionsoffew years ago, to over sixteen millions at theIt ia said that the English government propose tosettletheSanJoandifficultybythecreationofa StatesexceptCaliforniaandOregon;feral-deredbytiiesinecurist Thepricesofthe Asapartofthemovementnowgoingonintheinquestion a listo fPhiladelphia" abolitionnew channel—abandoning Roaario and the Haro— Great Britain retaining the San Juan island and the I'nited States taking the remaining territory.merchants"quiteovershadowingtheblacklistfrom New York, where it seems the operationhas been more successful—the agent or senioreditor, according to the statement of the Post,though Pennsylvania and Indiana have demo-cratic Governors, the black republicans are inthe majority i n the Legislatures, and have alarge control in the distribution of the spoils.In order to give some idea of the extent of thepower which this system wields, it is only ne-from the port of Brest an the 9th of January for cessary to look at th e figures. As every office Congress, $510,163—both running u p more Callao, with M. Edmond de Lesseps, Consul Gene- in county, city, town and village is brought to than a million one hundred thousand dollars— ral and Charge d'Affairs of France in Lima, from bear in the present Presidential fight these besides $161,209 for paper for the departmentswhichgovernmentheIsempoweredtomakeva- ebouldbeincluded.Therepublicanshave intheThirty-fourthCongress.TheQonym-The Abtictoeo states that the Frenshship-of- war Dagaay-Trenin, of ninety guns, carrying the flag of Vice Admiral Larieu, commander of the French naval division of the Southern seas, sailedbinding done for the departments are still higher, th e blank books costing from thirty to fifty per cent more than such books can b e procured for. The gross amount of paper pur- chased for the printing of the Thirty-third Congress was $500,456, for the Thirty-fourthSouth for the establishment of direct trade be- tween thatsectionofthecountryandEurope, we notice the projected "foreign and domestic fair" to be held at Macon, Georgia, in Decem- ber next The fair has sbeen suggested by the members o f the Cotton* Planters' Association, who have appointed Howell Cobb, John S. Thomas and T. Butler King a s commissioners to visit Europe and induce manufacturers theretosendsamplesoftheirgoods.Thefair will continue during three weeks, and thereby some of the mercantile houses from which he extorted or attempted to extort money ?rious reclamations in the name of the French nation. now the control of the We have accounts from Pernambuco to the 16th Revenues in sixteen free Statesot January. The markets were abundantly stocked Local revenues in samesional Olobe, for the Thirty-third and Thirty- $36,180,061 fourth Congresees, cost $497,444—nearly half awith American produce, including about forty thou- sand barrels of flour in store. The sugar market was quite buoyantwill be a very liberal list o f premiums. T h e36,180,061 million of dollars. The cost of engraving, Georgia Iblegrapii, the official organ of the paper, it is the legitimate fruit of the anti- Several members who were absent yesterday appearedMaking a total ofAll of this immense fund is to be brought tolithographing and electrotyping for the Thirty- thiid Congress is $829,858, for the Thirty-fourth Congress, $351,824—amounting, for both Con-slavery agitation at the North which some ofthe merchants have actively encouraged, whileothers have not taken the trouble to check it,till now that their business is affected and the tee. This report contains Mr. Cobb s speech ia favor ofas far as in us lies, to establish direct trade with Europe—not free trade. We are not visionaries—we are not spsou very existence of the Union is at stake. They the Pro Rata bill, with sundry revisions and additions.Be ing general orderday, the House wen* into Committee of the Whole—the discussion o f tbe bill authorizing the laying a double railroad track ia Brooklyn and NewtownConvention. Mr. Seward moved its reference to and if they succeed in obtaining it, the corrup- hundred and eighty thousand dollars. the Committee on Territories. Mr. Brown pro- tion fund at the disposal of the black republicanlative political economists. We are practical farmers; and we wish to work substantially for the best interests of the whole South In this matter. That our merchants fromhave themselves to blame.Coroners'Inquests. occupyingmoatofthesession.posed that the committee ahould inquire if the pro-In the appendix to the report of the commit-$72,360,122movement, alludes to its objects in the follow- ing words:—To disabuse the public mind of misconception in refe- the Kansas constitution framed at the Wyandot which last year amounted to over $88,000,000; gresses, to $1,181,682—over a million one rence to our policy, we state, once for all, that w e seek,party will, in thefirstyear, amount to over one visionoftheEnglishbilltwhichreajs^saathatKansashundredandsixtymillionsofdollars.Towhattee,thegrandtotalsforthecostofprinting,theinteriorougbttobuytheirgoodsfromNewOrleans,should have a certain population beflp admisuonas a State, had bean observed. No action was takenon the subject, however. The Committee on Pa-teatewaaaWtrnetedtoinquireaatotheexpediencyof amending the Patent laws so as to remove alldiscrimination between American citizens and fo- from the experience of our own State, we have Thus, for a space of four years, the printing, or less effect upon Northern trade. They are reigners, in the Matter of fees in issuing of patents. no doubt that it can easily be made to reachMr. Brown's resolutions relative to the protection three hundred, or even five hundred millions of ofslavexyhatheTerritoriesweretakenup,andMr. dollars.including binding and engraving, amounted to the natural effects of the Helper hook and the upwardsoffivemillionsonehundredandfifty-RochesterspeechofMr.Seward.WhenwillFlezner, a t N o . 122>; Fulton street. The tlimes weresoon extinguished by the firemen. The loss *»u stjck and lixturrswillbeabout$300. Theadjoiuugbookstore,on thecornerofNassaustreet, owned by JohnBradbiirn, Whole. was damaged by water and smoke to the extent of aboutsum this immense amount might be run up to, in four years, through the system of arithmetic so familiar to the Albany slate, it is not possible to say; but if any conclusion may be drawnbinding and engraving for the two Congresses are given as follows:—Tbe bill to prevent the stockholders of corporation, from voting by proxy wan ordered to a third reading amended so as to apply only to railroad corporations.Tbe bill to crevent and puntab prise *f****i{ was takes up in Committee of the Wnole. After strong opposition oa the ground that it violated t h e constitutional goaraatee that no mac shall be obliged to testify against hiaaself an amendment was inserted that no man tesUfytag shall' be liabletoproetcutonforbeingpresentatafight,aad the bill was ordered to a third reading.Tbe bill to regulate the Tmte ef tatorost on loan or for- bearanceofmoneywastokenupinCommitteeoftheHale delivered Ids views om the subject In theBoose the question of electing a printer was post-poned antfl to-day. The Post Offlce Appropriationbillwaatakenof,endattheSenate'samendments theyare moving every leverwhich theycan houses of Congress, for printingfor sevenMr. BrBjrsTT moved to strike oat the enacting clause- Mr. MiiLiKMx spoke at length in support of the but. H e deemed the present law one of the most unjust upon the statute book. Gae bail of the picas of usury now put nare ungrounded, and only made b y dnhoaorao* m ea who deatre to evade or postpone tbe payment of just or hgal contracts. The aversion which tbe court aad jary always manifest towards those who avail themjerree of tbe present law and plead usury, and the sympathy always evinced foe the party losing his principal, were sum. lent evidence of the aajuat character of tbe law.Mr Ecasarr denounced the law aa an attempt to legto- latotortbestrongagatamtbearea*.Mr. WOSBTdeclared that those who supported tbe MTt were advocates of gfcytocks. It was not the farmers of the Slate, but tbe usurers, who asked this lawMr. MILUHEX replied, defending tbeprinciple of the proposed reform. Usurers did not ask for tola bill, for it woaM be a mora effectual safeguard against areiBBsni rates ot interest than the present law can be. The exnt-This is the real prize for which the black re- publicans are contending, and to obtain whichhas the hardihood to tell its readers that the total amount paid o n account o f bothto understand that the South is in earnest ?ANOTHER REPUBLICAN STUMP ORATOR.—The republican party, not content with the ma- chinery which they are working at Washington towards success in Hie Presidential election, and the wide circulation of Helper's book all through the country, have a little band of itinerant stump orators, under the guise of lec- turers, addressing political speeches to au-S600, said to be insured. T h e coflee salouc in the base- ment, kept by Treusdell &S;.al!jrd. waa sbgutly damage1 by water; insured for $600 in the Quaker City Insurance Company, of Philadelphia Home aught damage was also done to' the hair dressing room o( Mr. l.'ui*, on the second floor. The building is owned by Christopher Las- sen; it is damaged about $200, and is latured for $1,000, in the Continental Insurance Compiny. The origin otthe fire ia ooknvwn at present.Da, CABni.,m IafH LaciraER —This di&ticguished per Eonage, whose lectures in sads city and suburbs, since his arrival in this country, hare given such genera, satiafac tun, has, at the invitation of the New York Catholic Li- brary AseociaUon, consented to deliver a lecture beforeget hold of. Although Governor Chase andSenator Trumbull declare that they do not careafigforthenigger,and donotwanthim,andwill not .have him in some of their States, yetthey appeal to the fanaticism of the North, and What Bowman says the printing cost iature as existing in the South.Seward and$256,862Weed, confidently counting upon the potencyand her Ancient Religion-"Arrival*andDeparturea. ingtawtoviolatedeverydav,anitoonlywasroguespro-of Albany arithmetic in financialmatters, pro- log costs upwards of .$256,000 more than theThe Ptlatttws; Con flirtIn the House ofRepreeeatatiTes—Public Plunder a n d*:BLO* SALOOK. B5»<«*5^z?»2: ^K^TLlSS; was less buoyant, owing to increased receipts, and inside plunder is so vast, and as Glossbrenner has a tide of affairs is running. Among these is theJhe rubbish from the shining gold beneath.of Pio Nono are pitted against each other, andwith the national Union party. A ts iaaportaat tan telaaaoraing. mentinriceyesterday.Thesalesembraced2,000tierces, toforeseewhichthiswillbe.Theideasoftheforthveryfullythemocteofconductingpublicyoushouldsecretlymakearraaweaaentatayoorcountyclosing within the range of 3J,c. a 4>ic. per lb., estab- edited by Bowman, formerly Superintendent of 1*sSraoriAjiRome*ornxHasum«rtUbepnblished la', iialf pact nine o'clock la Un morning Stogie copies in lishing an advance of ,c. a 3 16c. per lb. Freights were the Public Printing, and therefore a manfirm, with fair engagements, especially to Liverpool, Glaa-wrappers, all seal*. who is or ought to be well acquainted with allJ I gow andLondon.HIIIII1|TT--IT'- —" —-*- sayeditionofMat thedetailsofthesubjectonwhichhewrites,HMWToss HBBULDwflJbereceivedatto*followingptoses The Black Republican Calculation ot ridiculestheidea of thepublicprinter being ta Ba/op*:—age, reason,policy,andtheFrenchbayonets, are all opposed to the Pope. In such a con- test the temporal power of Pio Nono must succumb. Hemustlearnthatitisbettertobe the respected head of two hundred millions of Christiansthanoftenthousandillpaid foreign recruits. When the Church of Romeand appear yourself as one of the detaaatta, or that for seen businessinthefinancialdepartmentof\he ritythecredentialsofthedetafatfabecounteraifnedbyjou in vow own hnndwrtUn*. Taeobieet ia to ad rise and cmsnttcity and county, and suggesting some reforms. nj-on what nasi action we shall untie opoa In orcer to perfect ouruaicn. Wehaveeveryraaatiato• Law,8oaftOa.,47Lodge**HUI. I,StarrftC>.,T4HagWifflamstreet._g, Baldwin ft Oa., • ptoos da la Bowse. . .leasing, Starr k Oa , Ho. • Ohapel street.HAvan.*. .uJaatog%aW^Sft&., nruaCeraeili*. IAMKCWI . Da Chapaaoronge * Oa.the Spoil*—The True Object or Their abletopay"subsidies"of$20,000,or$40,000,andofpocketing$100,000profit. Doeshefor-Among the latter we find a suggestion which has been repeatedly put forth in these columns—namely, that the fees of all pub- licofficesshouldbepaidtotheCountyTrea- sury to lighten the enormous expenses of ourreuce in the movement.3. L. RBITH. 1Mtttwcanmooxs, CommitteeJ.T.HEADUBT. AHSOM KHBBMAK. OHAB.B.FKBEMAN.In accordance with the call, which h a s been sent taInton with Abolitionism.The unblushing corruption which has beenTheWashingtonConstitution,owneda n dTotal for Thirty- third Congress Total for Thirty fourth Congress$3,026,837 9 2 2,131,611 6 9$6,167,449 61Movements of this character are springing up all over the South, and they will have moreGrand total for two Congressesseventhousanddollars;andyettheConstitutiontheconservativemassesoftheNorthbebroughton Toustaint L'Ouverture—a capital stump veraciousConstiMionprotestsitcostsinsevenspeechforanabolitioncandidate;thenJoshua lic and private interest in rain, in order to year?. In a speech delivered by Mr. Taylor in R. Giddings gave us another political speechABBTVALS. tection.claim a revolution that will involve every pub-offHoniaraPoint Oninquiry,itwaaaaceitatana covertheircombinedassaultuponthefederal Congress,onthe10thofFebruaryayearago, ofthesamecomplexion,whichwasannounced»Krom Savannas, ta the sasaaaasff Angueu-j Joaeaot*. Mr . Aitir a warm debate, Mr. LAWsaid that tbe subject wasThutyfborthstreetshewaasuddenlystopped,hatnuesoftheSouthernStates,iftheevils partment,matInfiveyearstheprint- an••Address,"thesubjectwhereofisnot JohaEfts,WtaaBellaWorthin,anchors thrown out, her steam blown off and her **** must flow from their triumph do ing including the engraving, lithographing. named, though from Mr. Clay's antecedents Wri*bt,JsteHS'Bpe, P<5a!la*bar. E c Bench, JsSSSaa J The Knight Templars of the Stale of Mow Jersey met laWliorman.WDtvia,WSMst-ullera,BBaBoo.Plia—ainin Ibiscityu>cay and elected thefollowingottcert -Wm. not destroy these revenues. Instigated b y binding reports o f Congressional proceedings, It is not difficult to divine what it is to be about H 1 bgler , D W BoU, J CaUsas. II Daley. J n ^ e r ^ D n a ^ ; H. Dargett, K. G Commander: R C T aylor . R Depotv G.}dark.Ittonotsupposed,taere*^,tiutanything••©n*,presentandprospective,andthefollow- distribution, amounted to $5,362,73270; laxd-WCIlamMorrieandiadv.of»bal»£dT^i«wFtekWt SeniorWarden:IfR.Applsgito.G.JuniorWarden;G.J KE»H>, J Stewart— abd 6 la ike aaaarage.icd, that none of the easesagin had left her before these hopes, they are already counting up their with the copies of the Oiobt purchased for Cassius M. Clay's name figures not less than PEPAKTTKCT Commander. Tbeopuiioa Fsske, 0 . Genera issim?: iota* three timet in the list of subscribers in the For Liverpool, in taw ttaaawlip forts *snort an froa Poet Hilton, 0 Captain General; W. Wallace Goodwin, 6 .of a very serious nature had occurred to her. Aato this may be added the cost of the fold- pages of Helper's infamous book—once forMrs Ku-klaad, P Patterson. Mrs sussHtaXaad kits rf Stl' B. Edwards,G. Treasurer. C. O. Mdaor.G Rcordor; f. i Corson, G. tstoadard Bearer; A. G. Otiktsea, G. Swordahehasbeenlatelyoverhauled,andaathisiaherilf*?!?•**•*»•?hefoundonthebackingroom,which"wouldswelltheamountPtnseIf,andtwiceforothercontributingpar-taVTJwlsraBMaTVOfTOtXNnO.•lUBsMGttTMTMn(*i»tn>»f Bearer:FGamut,G.Ward**.^^^^^" ^^^^^m w w . aaaan^ar^La/ ^F»w^a^anai^^Ma^wBrVB*y aawa^^p ^i^wfirst trip smoe undergoing repairs, it U thattomepert ofher machineryhad^^^^^» ^^m ^TM^r*side of Thurlow Weede slate-— Slate revenues, free StatesLaeal rev<Luts. o o .Federal reveaoee, ISM.... Skatelevranea,slaveStatesto $100,000more,andthecostof sendingsuchheavy documents through the Poet Offlce overties—the whole amount being $285.Many people who go to these lectures are grosslydeceivedastotheircharacter;theypay their money to hear a discourse upon some interestingandimportanttopic,andtheyare treated to a lecture, with what Colonel BentonA rn^ cJn^e pi^raKS^mour.uoaiae ruxgerata James stcCorKaer frtMeim VarA Hti.iT Ferterairaai aui Wuliam Grant, of BoatoTraoma* Btaawn. ofTlawreatoeri: Carta* J * BaTto!^ *a>sT JobaIbomaa,offctJctoi .1B;JMsterts WfXnirMoa^M^JtatUiewsoo SI Pearson. U Sbaw.K Purvis and s He>nv>a. of1orewo; Mr and Mrs Blefl, of Hew fork. Total. J7Tbe officers were pu>iis»T installed in the evening by Sir Knight Jeremiah L. Hutchison, who aoua as prill lor tbe Graad Master af the United States.Ftse la Mexico, W. T.<>swrco, Feb 11, l s S tA ate broke out HI Mexico, N. Y., thai morning, ta Watt-ranged.andthatsheweestoppeditrepairthe Ia«lrevenues, do. damage.........#aM.OB0.TS7 the country,whichwould probablybringthe 1B.'U.263whole amount up to *et*n millions o/doOewst Now,thequestionis,howmuchofthisfright-n Grandprise.* * • * * of Ten Governors met yesterday Bitot. Nearly two hundred millions of dollars, which ful sum is really neceswkry? It has been shown.''orSavannahhi0>aieamam/RtaroftheSouth->«Vi;ee, te*litock.inwbk-bwasWh'tuey&Skint^rabank,te-Ibo* VOUCH*. I T Garter, Mr ard lira Henry L \\*-%>*r H S getuei w m num. ic.-.is stotaa. t a n loss 3 t»e*T«\ and notg>ccn. The weekly returns show the number in thetsbora, Loula Holmes, A G Bas'< j, 4 L Lang, W 'J B'.oi-r.,*a.i8«\cci18,Ul,tt3 S«ef«7MilUntitled Document1 littl< -> . - -v,-' .ample of the rapid increase of expense, w eThe MB in.plea of usnry, to the iThe railroad connecting the two oceans should be opento the world.On Monday afternoon aa Mr. J. H. Lee was drivingdown Broadway near Forty-fifth street, his horsestook fright, and after running two blocks made a report of the proceedings in Congress that the Globe for the Thirty-fourth Congress oost the resort, and we Infer from the concluding para- avga fraachnea. B eC o i r w p t l o n .It will be perceived by reference to our gress for both houses. The reporting and be, without doubt carried to the court of last the tolling of certain roads, 1These items wOl show the swift progress of reckless prodigality, and that every year Con- The Young Men's National Union Club of this that Mitchell, the candidate of Blair and Bates, gress i s becoming more and more corrupt city met last evening sad perfected their organize, had been put almost hors de combat, receiving Whether Weed's man or Blair's be elected, orstay the tale ia the meantime.-neither was there anylay a burdensome tax <wai a desire lor awilling tothe bosnaess of thecanaJo.bttt no<Defrees, the candidate of Seward and Weed,nine votes, and only wanting three to elect.That looks ominous for Greeley's candidate a tthe Chicago Presidential Convention, and fore-shadows the supremacy of Seward and thetriumph of the "irrepressible conflict" doctrineiuthecouncilsoftherepublicanparty.Itdoes Portland,bringsusnewsfromEuropetothetheywouldtendthepetitionstobim,antnottoasanas, of the Clinton League. Hereafter ha wanted tt underatood that b e should b e exempted from pifimHng natajasa brought in by the Clinton League or railrt ad men. Whilst he would not be the tool or advocate of either party, beTHE NEWS FROM EUROPE—THE EMPEROR AND THE POPE.—The steamship Bohemian, a tmation, intend to hold at Binghamton, to-day,a small Tea Party Convention, to be composedof three reliable delegates from each county.That means a pow-wow for the purpose ofmaking arrangements to sell out the old clothes oftheAmericanpartyatthehighestpossible andimposetaxesuponotherproperty.into some political bed or other, and now we bill.n IHM, DAJSCaB BOBLMVim, Aft—DOWJ BBBBM brands were easier. Wheat was Ormly held, white sales long purse, seeing that he was the man who suppression of UUnivers—the organ of the find them with their hook and basket hard at The motion to exclude the Erie road was voted"downMBTH 8TKRR, see dear east of Broadway f u n * .were confined to Canada white at $140. Corn was in supplied the penniless members with funds ecclesiastical party in France. This journal and the bill was then ordered to a third reading, by agood demand, chiefly from the Eastern trade, with when they could not legally draw their pay, it had published the encyclicaUetter of the Pope work in the Union party—an organization vote of 16 to 9.salts o^ Jersey and Southern yellow and white which is still in an inchoate condition. .It is Tbe pio rata war will be the order of the day hi the ispossiblethatweightyandconvincingargu- ontemporalaffairs,whichatoncebroughtoutXget that Mr. Wendell has sworn that he paid inexhibitedinthecaucusproceedingsofthethreeyears$100,000bywayofsubsidiesto ispurgedofitstemporalities,itwillcommence localgovernmentandthattheremuneration powerAmericanshavegoneuptoBtnghamtoatoday.black republican party in Congress, in regard country newspapers? The Constitution says to the election ofPrinter,lays barethetrue thetotalamountpaidfortheprinting of bothits new era of power and greatness.THE SAN JP AN QUESTION—ENGLAND'SSITION TO SETTLE THE MATTER.—The Londonof officials shouldbeconfinedtotheirsalaries alone; and furthermore, that all the county offices should be made self sustaining, and not be a burden upon the Treasury. We see no reason why these suggestions may not be car-M W YORK LKGISLATl RB.Senate.AuArr, Feb. 14,I860.Quite a large number of remonstrances were preseated by nearly all the Senators against the removal of the East river steamboats from their present landings; also a large number against tbe Pro Rata bill.Mr. LAWBXWCB(dem.) presented a petition for a ferry between River Head, Sag Harbor aad Green port-nanimeus propositions to the United States, which it doubts not our government will at once close with, and settle forever the dispute about the possession of the island of San Juan. The magnanimity of this proposition consistspeal to the Legislature for the necessary measures to do so.IMPORTANTTRADEMOVEMENTS INGEORGIA.—Mobile, Savannah, Charleston, Norfolk, Baltimore, o r some one or more of these planes, is a proposition which onlyneedstobestated,Inviewofthepresentstateof our Commonwealth.FATAL ACCIDEHT WHILX FLYIXI; A K m — M iohael K elt, aboy ten years of age, while flying a kite in arenueC, came in contact with a horse, which became frightened aad kicked him on the head, causing his death almost Im- mediately. An Inquest will be held to-day.FIKKn. FctTos FTREET—Between eight and nitis o'clocklast nigbt a fire broke out in a segar store kept by J*cobabuttoregulate theraleafannounced the decision at a triumph of New sharp dawnnkn, in which a a aber oflosstodiscoverthat,soforfromestablishingthe propertyrightsclaimed by New York under herancientcharters,theyare,upontheprin- prinopal,asMthelaws. .THEHaws presented a very lengthy report to the Board of Supervisors on Monday night, settingMr. MAXKIKBBX (rep.) Introduced a bill to amend th e act for the incorporation of religions societies, allowing against a Southern paper, lately started at them to hold real estate the annual income of which shouldduced.Tbe Governor's Message was then taken up in Committee of the Whole.Mr. CiiviK (dem.) replied at length to the remarks ofSenator Hammcnd, contending that t b e Governor had brought up unnecessarily tbe question of slavery ia aa annual Message. T h e democratic party held that the peopleoftheTerntireahavetheexclusivepowerto settle their own affairs in their own way, slavery forming no exception to the exercise of that power The democratic I«rty bold that Congress shall not interfere with slavery is tbe Territories, but shall abstain and desist therefron,aad that the doctrines of Iks republican party were diametri-having confessed to levying in all $9,000. cally opposed to these principles. M r. Calvin ably aid boldly vindicate the doctrine of tbe popular sovereignty Why was he not arrested as a swindler of the people of tbe Territories, quoting from the 0U- cinnati platform and Mr. Buchanan"s letter of acceptance to prove that such was the doctrine avowed bv the demo emtio party, North aad Sooth. East a n d West. Anv de- parture from it must disorganize and destroy tbe party.of the black mail paper, from the tact that he is announced i n i t s columns a s being from home " on business," lately sent to the journalWhatever truth there may be in this chargeof fraud, certain it is that the Atlanta paper sovereignty banner would b e again borne alofi in taa hasmisrepresentedthepoliticalopinionsof nextPresidentialcampaign.some of our merchants. But if any evil has A s s e m b l y .arisen to them from the establishment of such a AiaAjrr, Feb. 14, IMG.TlseKnightTtmplorsorHewJersey. MaVy/ifi>liaau7'chaaealter,^ABenrTwMaaaw?7B Brauxonm,N1.,Feb.14.MOD.considered that they bad a perfect right to toU railroads«_ -. ». ^only one reliable man to each county, several balance afHe attacked tbe democrats who abandoned that platfarmunsparingly, and expressed his belief that tbepopularat the bar of the Hcuae, made explanations, aad were ex cased. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 