 .iinostrils with "Scotch snuff. [Great laughter.] He friends to "stand firm and fear not," and congratulat- The pond wan to have been emptied >u Sunday/would rather this day he should dip him in NiagaraRiver. He thought he would come out in far better ing the Democracy on the " utter prostration ajid anni-llark—Melden, Mitchell, llayai a; Pride, of tne Sea,, Uran, Zaza, j Sclir. Luidsey Taylor, Taylor, Hamilton, N. C , 4 days, thin* consider them the mo«t effective curative agents.Iri121narrow escape from a. terrible smash^up. Some Pw-YOik Delegation."SAILED—Steamship Huntsvillet, Savannah. • WIND—During the day, fitsJli from S. E.• . :-----•-••findingout his intention by his repeated ta&tings, bouglit Mozart Hall General Committee met last evening,di ownedThe following are known 'jo-he lost:.156, experienced a gale from N. W,, the sea breaking over the ves- 5k>rii*t who fnmixiud the bouquets, with one of which The monster body, driven by the squall that just LAUGBTON—On Thursday, Msrch 22, at the residence of his flet, taking the boat from the stern, breaking -bulwarks, arid stav-/to which Gen. 3Sye responded. Speeches were made J y Mr. Dnl.cher,Sloop—W. D. Maugum, Thresler, Newport, master.i•wasoverwhelming. HewasalittlestartledwhenhedownDr.NoahWebster'sdictionarytofindoutwhat TheodoreL.Cuyler,andtheHon.HenryJ.Knymonii. Cmrt|Mr.Connerremarkedjokinglyiothedefeidant,Schr.W.Payumi,Houseman,Charleston8davs,navalstores«Ufa it(julries were of an internal natiJre, and w<twood, coffee, Sic, to Brett, Son-8t Co. April 24, Cape Nicola Case of any Six boxes (Nos. 1to 15), und Book of Direc- Alole bearing E. N. E., distant 5 miles, at 11 a. m., felt the shock tions.8fc'A man wbo w w*,-~r ...-i -,>-•••ldx>t'"Loxragb. to be exctiBedfrom the 1 better not to break xm AaWinations too m**-1 wflnt ntl e Brotherhood of New-York,wov St. Ann's for tlie use of ihei church, and to Dr.Mjxban for his most eloquent sei-mon, the meeting separated, to meet three years fence, in Boston.1.!A mass meeting is announced! at the Cooper Institute this evening, to consider the imprisonment of ThaddeusmmmmjmlVyw* h—as wswnsee««n*o:\,t^ghto<%ote';. That's thee}jdocttrq^nie j uncle bad an old white horse wbi'ch a"lw""a~ys"J*«TM-V'"fi 0vote1ofrepub'lkan"wj*r"^n-. AnduntilyoustoptaxingWoman's, p e ^ > w i '•Jxcept her from penal legislap--> Sound to give vroman the right to vote.A t the c'tose of Mr. Phillips's remarks, thd meetingadjomxted until evening. •ftVKNIKO SESSION.hillordownbill,muddyornot,three miles^g-JJan hour, He one day -tried- his., best.to• TJakjfdmgo- *-*- into a canter. But when _ne naa faster, and got himPER](tSOFAERONAUTISM-COLLAPSE OF BALLOON.tions, for employment as clerks, and! thus n " TM 1 . a Union," May 10, iwSO." , % rtepping-stone to other stations not now filled by her. Some two thousand of these papers were opened atprobably had soifie influence in tavor of the laws thenerty. Mrs. Stanton Hosed- by relating an epilogue of ancient Athens, in which two rival artists made statues to crown the lofty dome of a great building which had just beencompleted. . . . . . . •. ,ont confusion.Dr. THOMPSON called the assembly to order for a1he>promised ascension should take plac«i, and the Jitful guslisjof wind that every no\v and then swept over theavenue, was destroyed by fireBark David Cbapin (of Boston), Tucker, Sajjua 12 days, sugar .0 master.and 1.13 pass, to C. Luling. "'.*•"•.Bark<;iara Haxall (of Richmond), Duttdn, Rio Janeiro Afarch most unfriendly to the sick or ailing, and' especially to b©York State to kiss their own babies instead of those of their husbands, and in case they earned any money, or got property by the toils of half-nay, that they, might Keep it. Mrs. Rose was repeatedly applauded.of Wind, and during a momentary gale that spru ignpand d e a A l t y ,and among ourhundreds ofagent*the.Mrs. SUSAN B. ASTHONY read a letter from Gerriting' to and fro, from country to country, and doing what might appear to thenv to be best for themselves.The fears of the spectators now l>e?an to be. fullyPalmer Townsend. esg., on W e inesdny, May 10, by the Rev. Wm. McCullock, CHO., of Lowville,the great fact; we differed only as to the philosophy. After the music and a hymn, the Rev. Dr. HAGUE (Baptist)wasintroducedasamecclesiasticaldcscendent of Ro'ger Williams. Dr. HACUEmentioned that he gave a centeDnary address" at Providence, in which he •bowed that most of the Baptists in this country were descended from Baptists who came over tiefore or after Roger Williams. Dr. HAGUE also said that in 1839 he ""wan in Rome, and recounted the affectionate com- munion he had with a priest at whose house he lodged, after trying the .Hotel d'Angleterre. The priest ob- jected to Protestantism that the sects bated, each other sOi Could he have seen such a spectacle as thia colla-tion, he would have been sufficiently answered. When Dr. Wainwright was editing his splendid book on tin:44"to him (Dr. Hague) to supply the article on St.' Peter.nder the. impression that ihc balloon had Manian W. Stiangeways,. aged < months and 17 days.The f>i< nds .and relatives are respectfully invited to attend herSchr. N; Doane (of Plymouth), Doane, Cieufuegos 20 days, su- gnr, &c, to Tucker & Liglitboirrue.Lives and Characters of the Apostles," he, wroteni iiupi ed at II o'clock last night in the aiTeutoniuCanadaIllinoisCity of Washington. ..New-York North SttirHe did so, and it appeared"in that magnificent volumeunder his own name. ^Afterward, meeting Dr. Wain- have been sent to situations; 130 have been sent [toer as to preclude the possibility of his recovery, onnor continued to sink verv rapidly, and exmaster.. .New-York .Aspinwall. ..May 21 Schr. Gilman D. Kir g, Wooster,' Calais 18 dayB, laths to John Your Specific Medicines are used by every Hoaieopathia/.The Rev. Mr. PRIME "opened the proceedings with the reformers. The speaker appealed, that all right- prayer.nounced in unequivocal termfITIAItRI MJ>,ing rigrmi with blue, white, and rcd.pcrpcndicular stripes. 28th, lat. 38 33, Ion. 54 30, upoko sehr. Fanny of Charleston; Copt. Weeks, 20 days from Mobile fo^r Genoa, all well. ' April 30, fat. 33 20. Ion. 55 30, at 4 a. m.,. was struck by a water spout, which carried away fore yard and filled main hatch, damaging cargo (supposed), «c. Iminded people should enable them to elevate such aThe Rev. A. S. CONSTANTINE was called upon towell received review of the progress of legislation on at various times.:Maysville, 111. ' KING—GBEIG—At Port Richnjiond, on Saturday, May 5, bysugar, Stc.,.to Aletcalfi. Duncan. Had moderate weather till 2Kth April, wlien in lat. 31 56. Ion. 77 50, experienced a heavy N. E. gale with heavy sea, making a clean breach over her;«nd dther uttctai eaiiedforth I,-- T JOHN'B mxibikcbtg th* pr Emenon, Edwxi•*mai\ Victor Hi Lydia Maria CM Oark*, Rev. Fal Eon.!Charleaf)'i John O. Whittle Aleott, R«»v. E. ] Other*. Rrvi.-rf Mho. the entire ] JSerru^a st ConJSmeifon Tii<3r*-ataiuiiig,a vakai,U ..-I- •3CEE VALL The whole colliAnther of " tebe'-l with; lTol,5l4h«fieii -.,Copiea mail<tl t Fur sale at ail tt A$MB4*orKew'Y<*T*HE BES1 T H E ,- B y '" I t U worth all Inc gems of Italh iGcoe, and the au;KOTEiS OF 1 ., * A work wbic••en in Italy, wiR havingwritten it «T*Tit«lL'!—[hoi"'"' six :B '' ITO ' * Mr. Hillard ha , V.,to the last. Hi* hid o ehad made justTHE'OUNG AERONAUT CONNOR KILLEb—FRANTIC SCENE A T. P A / A C E GARDESThe great ball of the Institute" was nearly filled inthe- evening by a very respectable andienc^, among'whom were a number of Quaker*, negroes, and a goodsprinkling of nice yonnff men, all of whom listened tothe remarks of the speakers in the most decorous man-ner throughout, and appeared to fell in love with thereasoningandwitoftheladyorators. f^SanaSiencethicklyseatedalloverthefloorof.o'cmliip.m.,fromPalaceGarden,se\era!thousmdS mate, confined, without crimJ, among common felonsBurk John Howe, Kelton, Cordc?nas April 20, sugar, Stc, to IL D.. Brookmah St Co. Has experienced very severe gales from E. to N. E . ; April 29, off Cape Lookcju't, experienced a very severe hurricane, and lo*l part 01 deck load; was obliged to scud before it under Ijore poles for 10 hour*. Afay 5, in Int. 84 1.5, Jon. 72 45, updke b»rk Jubilee, of and-for Portland from Alatanzas, 12 days out; same'day, lat. 2*30, Ion. 72 57, siguuled a ketch showing a red signal, white ball in center. •IBurk L: D. Carver. Wiley, Cardenas April 25, sugar to H. D. Brookman St Co. Aldy 1, fat 33.40, Ion. 73 58. spoke brig South, .from New-York for Galveston, with loss of all lore and aft sails, the galley, and one anchor; had bejen on firo two days previously;th i P J<T L Sv RTsTORJt.s was the last speaker.d | Washington Jail. Among {he speakers announced spciA moment'* reflection will show that a vast majority of dis- eases from which w e suffer and die, were, at their eommenooment, rixnple and" trifling.in the side, or a headache, or hoarseness, at fir»t easily cured subdu«d, in time becomes a consumption, a fever, a dongorotm dysentery, croup, or other di«>.as«, which all the power* of medj- cine fail to arrest. •*>while the curative effects are positive and certain, they aro-- taken,'and at once the spell is broken and the danger allayed. Other Homeopathic Medicines, however carefully prepared, or however full and extensive tho Mannel to which you refer in-order touse them, always require study and careful examina-tion, and always leave you in doubt as to the remedy chosen and.ness Committee and read by Mrs. SUSAN B. ANTHONY , tho Assembly Rooms WSB commenced. Dodworth sband struck up a lively air, and a large number Ot witn<:«8 the ascension.declaring woman's equality with man; her inalienable colored gentlemen with enormous loads of white paperright?, to be represented in the jury box as well a* in parcels began to perambulate the aisles. Each per- Al out two hundred and fifty persons,"', HoniuBLKCHILDMURD*'R.'—Somescavengers,the criminal box; the injustice of appropriating theson handed a paper to his neighbor until all were sup-were many women and children,' haid the pricje ofproperty of the woman to endow colleges the benefit* lied. On the outside of the paper, which was twisted admission to the Garden, in order to witness the >ro-of which are to be enjoyed exclusively by males; that, into a cornucopia, was printed *The Seventh Anni- ce68 of; inflation and other preliminary irraugements,April 20, molasses to Alctcalf St Duncan. Alay 2. Iat. 30 42, Ion. 73 50, spoke ship James Clark, from Alobilo for Liverpool.Herein these Remedies supply a great public want. -Being on hand, simple, so you know at once what to take—pleasant, so a s .woman should apply to be trustees and beads of lit- erary societies and libraries, and otherj similar institu-versary Colb*' "u of the American Congregationaland b,obtain!a good look at the daring aeronautic ^adventurer, preparatory to his bidding adieu to hisHouec to await investigation l y the Coroner.GREKN PEAS.—The steamsl ip Yorktown, which ar- Bowne. From Cape Florida to Hatterae, experienced heavy N. to cause no repugnance^—safe, and hence occasioning no risk,upon, said that he desired to represent that Society aswright, he expressed his surprise to him that he (Dr. their friends; 8 have gone to housekeeping; 22 haveWainwright) should commit so important an article to. been sent to the Hospital; 26 to other institutions; 12him (Dr. Hagne), and not rather to om; of his Q\vn de- have, eloped; 50 left voluntarily; 8 have been expcllejd, cei\,Te}l liy his striking against the or'J\ Kin • * • • • • CircusBiun Fulton....••••«••*•'•.Liverpool..• Galway....Havre-Havana.... ..May 26"Boynton Si Son. i\Schr. Ida, Clark, New-Orleans 25 days, mdse..to N. It. Brig-nomination. "No matter al>out that,*' said Dr. Wain- and 6 have died, leaving 120 inmates of the House Sat wright,'* I wanted a Catholic article, and I got it." present. The average daily attendance at school hasbiildJonas Smith St Co.offered a pinch to Dr. Tyng. from the treasury has been $16,981, and the receipts.. ..Southamp .on ..New-York.. ...May....Southampton. ..New-York. ...May 9 stores to B. Blossom at SOUH.Tlwi Rev. Dr. TYNC- (Episcopalian) was receivedwith enthusiastic cheering. lie said that his reception nsiid off, but there is still the sum of $3,232 19 of thetnede, and will only accommodate one Mr. C. Palestine.....Liverpool w..LiverpoolSchr. W. II. Haminond, Kuhe, Galveston 26 days, cotton to master.There is quite a call for your medicines here, aud people will not be v\ithuut them: and 1 ruisht say, if Ihey could at all times besureofasupplv,theywouldwillingly>Ii>.uib>»allthedoctors.CEO. G. GOWAN, Eaton Rapids, Mich.I have used Humphreys' Specific Homeopathic Remedies lit myfamilyfortwoyears,andwouldnotbewithoutthem. Iconsider them Invaluable.•' . J. H. HICKOK, P.)U(rhke<-pri«, N. Y.findoutthatif thecollationwould make no.sugar itcourse adopted by the "Nationals" at Charleston, andH<II.YOKK.Aiii-HK.,July22j1859. Messrs. F. HCMTHKKYS SI CO.—Gents: Your medicines'are selling well, aiid give good satisfaction. I shall want uior-w aoomwould make wilt. Already we had salted down some laudatory of them for the " dignity, ability, and jiatiji- excellent Evangelical.Christians, until they were likely otism " they exhibited during the eventful strugglii;stcres:to Van Brv.nt St Sluglrt. \ISchr. Ivy, Henderson, Jacksonville 8 days, yellow pine to J. .There is no trouble in. selling Your medicines. I can warrant.to keep around "the tflobe. Strange' was the propositionmade to him by his friends.. His friend would fill hischarging that there Would have been no division hsid the Wood delegation been admitted; advising thejirThree children of Samuel' H' . Y uiriSteamship—HnntsvJlle, -Post, Savannah, II. B. Cromwell it Co.Gilclirist. them to cure better than any medicine I have ever sold. People •» Sclir. Harriet, k Sarah, Tie Newbern, N. C. 5 days, navul !!who even thought that imagination made the cure, are now n.tt»- stores to .1. 0, Williams, Istied (hut there is Homethiug more than Imagination iu them, andbeen250children;176,862mealshavebeenfurnished to the poor, at an average cost of 2J cents per,meal; 12,000 articles of clothing, and 1,200 pairs of shoesjhg.,Tb'iballoonwastorn intoshreds,andthecar.Havre.June2davs,cottonandbidettomaster.Sclir. J. B. Johnson^ Johnson, Newbern, N. C, 4 davs, navalHe (Dr. Hague) thought then that the .Millenium hadalmost come. Dr. Hague related 'several other inci-dents of his life, and concluded with a few from the lifeof one of bis ancestors, whose snuff-box he said he was have been given away. Ihe current expenses of the AY a balloon large Circassian. in the habit of carrying al>out hirn, and from which he House have been §19,362 19. The entire amount paid tth |Mr. Wise to furnish him witl Fwltonwell established in this community to require any"such certiii- cates. A. St J. E. BELL, Dexter, .Jeilemon Co., N. Y.W e have sold more of Humphreys' Homeopathic remedi«« than of ull other popular medicines together this year.ABEL WEST, Meridian, N. Y. Your medicines have given entire satisfaction to all that gitothey lost time if youShip Confederation, Sears, New-Orleans April 25, mdse. to W . ap- S5yatt, who is-now, by ordef of the United States Nelson St Sons. /J^w TRB 9km *»lrwar«*W5P ^ AVER!Sfrmmmtm. ir 8'; Tea Cep mjhorger na f«pte« to ad',; mmnttsof * .or mo •KT eomm-:u _ A«V«Ttl*i*fmAND'AmmSshed a w»n,«t«i 50-I "*Tte JA£ JJfc D. APph •.:'-' .MAKRA TFT h e R c v D r . THOMPSON then announced the pro- bis)J „ c r f substantiate, and the difficult problem of newhalloon "V enus," on the lOfc i instant, 11 'A A series of resolutions were presented from the Busi- peop!e||were drawn thither yesterday afternoon to.and Wendell Phillips.A mere cold, a*Rght diarrhea, a painHie:.* -.:-'; •- gPEOIFIC ' j -.. HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES^The Remedies are carefully prepared under the direct *ow?r vision «ind inspection of Prof. HUMPHREYS, in order to ue«te that great and long realized want of Tthe public, nonary, Reian. dies for all the more common and simple silmraU of life.•i•*••• 1'••"••lglo|e swayed backward and forward Apith every gustthroughout the United States, but it was their inten- it was dashed against a large lamp wh: ch it cbmp etelyEliza Ashton Grcig, both of New York. LOCKWOOD—BATES- On Sun lay May 6, by the Rev, J. E..Searlec, Mr. John M. Lockwood to Mias Adelaide W., eldeatplicityuniform testiinlny is, that they give good uatisfaction to thek- customers.LIST orHUAIPHREYS' SPECIFIC HOMEOP A THIC REAfEDIES. jf^ Price of single boxen—eonts.l_lFor Fever, Congestion, and Inflammation—Heat, Pain, .Refctleusncs* 252—For Worm Fever, Worm Colic, Voracious Appetite, Wot- , tingthe Bed.......•.•••....................•.....•.•-».. 25-26 J*^ 25Asthmatic Breathing 25 7-^-For Coughs, Colds, Hoarseuew, Bronchitis, Iniluenza, andSoreThroat : 25- C—For Toothache, Faceache, Nervous Pains, Neuralgia, andTi'* Doloreux...' .* • 23- 9—For Headaches,.Sick Headaches, Vertigo, Rush cf Bloodintention of seeking to expatriate the coloved peopletion to exercise the same rights as white people in go- demolished.all of this city. McCULLOCK — BUSH — In B •ooklyn, at the residence ofE. E. .L. Taylor, D. D.. Wm,:Smith to Lucy Stone, expressing sympathy with the They had no idea that the cause of the slave would larcfuled, and there were loud cries fro pi every silc, of 'N. Y., to Surah K., daughter of the late Charles Bush of themeeting, and also one from Giles P . Stebbing of Boa-ton, regretting his inability to be preesnt, and inclos- i mined that the 160,000,000 of their race; in Africafton't go up," ."Don't'golatter place.RICHARDSON— TUDOR—Tn Bj-ooklyn, on Wednesday, Mayi suffer by their efforts, and they were equally deter-ing $20 for the benefit of the cause. should not continue exposed to the averice and the, Connor's personal friends at this tim< came fo ward 9, by tho Rev. Eugene Caseit y, Samuel B. Riohardaon ofBrooklyn, to Katlmrine A. Tudoi, formerly of Newbuigh, N. Y. TOWEKS—WBJTEHOUSE—Oo Tuesday evening, May «, by the Bev. W. A; Bartlett, at the residence of the bride's sister, , Mrs. Henry Elliott, Elliott place, Brooklyn, Richard Towers of Bobton, Mass:, to Martha M. Vfhitehouae of Rochester, N. H.which, as it happened, came under his super-, New-York who would hold slaves to-morrow if they His wife, who-'was"-to make an ascension witl. him WOOD—WANMAKER—At UilUidc, N. J., on Wednesday, •vision in court this very day, touching thought the act would pay them. The developments next week, expressed a great desire to • go.up on the May 9, Ivy the Rev. Wn>. Dotnajreut, Wm. I. Wood of Tarry-d advised him not to make the. ascension 8 the speaker, but, for some reason or other, he was not of. Slavery was by making it unprofitable. 'w(S fiber was too stormy, but the. yo tng man ;pliedWendell Phillip* had been announced as the nextgreed of other races. The only way to reach the evil anCUL VKK ot Brooklyn, who stated several cases, There were thousands of men in Massachusetts and that he would "£o as soon as the squall passed over,3—For Colic, Teething, Crying, and Wakefulness, Slow Growth, and Feebleness of Infant*about; his place, therefore, was supplied by Judge4^—For Diarrhea of Children or Adults, Cholera Infantum, and I' Summer Complaint < ,which had just taken place were buUthe preludes to . town to Emelino Wanmnket.the new woman's rights laws. A poor," ragged wo- something more fearful and terrible. • He contended present occasion, but he.said to her very calmly, "My YOUNG—CAFFE—In Brooklyn] on Tuesday, May H, at theColic, Fall Dysentery£ For Cholttra. Cholera Alorbus, Nausea, and Vomiting,man, of marked intelligence and education, had applied for relief from a drunken husband, who, under the old laws, had for a long time dissipated and squandered her hard earnings beyond her power to refuse, until both herself and her children were half starved and halfwould as soon be in a black man's country as in afor the transaction o#business, and will be addressed at country of white men. In short, men who were wil-j an f ifdifference, when Connor, laughfingly said " It• Church of St. Charles Borronw o, by the Rev. Dr. Pise, Mr. Ecrword T. Young to Miss Jcijny E., daughter of M. Cuflfe, esq., all of Brooklyn.» I £ I ) .BALLANTI3E — On Wednesdiy, May 9, Eliza A.| wife of.Ceorpe W . Biillaiitiiie.'The relntives and friends of the fax lily are respectfully invited toattend the funeral from her It te. residence, No. 110 Fourth . street, on Friday, 11th hist., at I9 o'clock a. in., without furtherinvitation.BAPER—At Keesevillc, N. Y.,Ion Tuesday, May 8, AlfredBaber, of the fr.ru of Kingsluu^t ii Baber, inercluuitK,'agcd 50years.CAMPBELL—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday morning, May 9, of .paralyticstroke,AnnMelverCafnpbell,wifeofNormanCamp•tell, hi the 62d year of her age.DOUGLASS—In this city, on Wednesday", May c>. Libbeus: naked.The convention reassembles this morning at 9 o'clockmore afraid to die in Africa than in America—mencoolest manner, proceeded to tie it up with a piece: ofiii, ,.',» .and "divorcer, Mrs. E. C Stanton, and Mrs- Antoinette BrownBlack-well.CONGREGATIONAL UNION COLLATION. ThevannualcollationoftheAmericanCongrega-elevationoftheirrace.'* • Shjdrtly after 4o'clock, Mr:Conner,deemingthat he , W M . OI-AND BOURNE was introduced as a poet, who hajl sufficient gas in the balloon, ca led a number of13^-For Croup,hoarsecroupyCough,diilicujtandoppreased Breathing.• . . . . . • . . . • . . . • • . « • • • . . !25tional Union was partaken of last evening, in the City Africa. . •-that the difficulty of Slavery would be' solved best bygrowing cotton on African soil, and taking it into thedear!: you must wait until the next tineA gentleman near the inclosure r oticing a hole inmarket and underselling the American ^slaveholders.But what they wanted was men who would be no i the jsilk, pointed it out to Mr. Con icr, who, in theto the Head..... -lOi-For Dyspepsia, weak, acid, or deranged Stomach, Consti-who would love black men as well as white men—rtv\ inc. The same person asked if the ont would make 10 by Wendell Phillips, MrsJ J. C. Jones on marriage ling to do something practicable for their own, and the, mi'iht cause the balloon to burst and spill him,out.\pation. Liver Complaint 25 11—For Suppressed Men»es, or scanty, or delaying,, greenwould make a speech in prose. He divided his speech! into three parts: First, Bores; second, the Genius of Labor,asrepresentedbytheworkingclasses;thirdgejitlcmen around him, and giving each one a'rope,dirlectcedthatthnebualnloonbueallowedtograduallyriseuujlai the basket only rested upon thi ground. Thiswis done, but the balloon was very restive, beingj.4i_For SaIt_RheumL Crusty Eruptions, Erysipelas, Scald Head, Barber's itch15~For 'tUieumatism, Pain, Lameness, or soreness in tho Chest,back,Side,orLimbs....16—For Fever and Ague, Intermittent Fever, Dumb Ague, Old Inveterate Agues....\. ,X~—For Piles, intornal or external bHnd or bleeding, recent or obstinate • •13_.For Opthalmy, Weak or Inllamed F.yes or Eyelid*. Fail* ]• ingor Weak Sight.19—For Catarrh, acute or chronic, dry or flowing. Cold in I"'.. the Head, Influenza -. '25 « 50- 50' 50 50-•The Rev. Mr. GARNET spoke at some length, vinclifAssembly Rooms, which were crowded with a mixed audience of ladies and gentlemen.The R*;v. Dr. BcnniNGTON of the Clinton-avenueChurch, Brooklyn, preyed. A hymn was sung, and the heaviest of which appeared to be, that he was' flabby.the Rev. Dr. MAKSH offered extended prayer. acting in complicitv with the Colonization Society, The audience again urged Mr. C. riot to make thePresident BimniNCTos. then explained the general lie said that §5,000 were needed to aid them in pro- ascension, but he laughed at their fears. Bidding anand catholic character of the Union, and introduced the moting the objects of the SocietyThe Rev.'E. P. ROGERS of Newark, N. J., deliv- afl|2Ctionate adieu to his wife andVintixilate friends;, Mr.Chapman, only'son of John A. F. and Elizabeth 51. DouglassFRIGHTFUL* tACCIDEX1the Rector and VestrySIlip CompToniise, Child, Olnsgow and Greenock April 13, mdse. and 20 pass. to-Zexega k Co. 1 Crossed tho Bauks betwoeu lat. 44 nnd 46; saw no ice. j t , .,'•>Ship Harpswell, Stover,. Havana 14 days, sugar, tobacco,. «c., to C. A dams. Alay 7, off Hatteras, passed some vessel's bulwarks/ water polls, Stc. [.'•.! - - ' ...L: • .Ship Indiana, Coffin, New-Orleahs-April 23, from tho Bar 24th, mdse.toW.T.Frost. T• .1Ship Victory, Ainsworth, Liverpool April 14, mdae. and 548 pass, to David Ogdcn St Co. , |-.In consequence of the advertisement!' that haspearea for several days past in the daily papers, settingforth that, "Mr. Augustus M. Connor, pupil of Pro-fessor :Wise,'* would make his first aerial voyagi> in arc Dr. Cheever, Samuel E. Sewelk, esq. of Boston,eating his course as an Anti-Slavery man and a rocked about by the wind in-a frightfi 1 manner The FLEET—In Harleni, on Wednesday morning, May 9, Mrs.Civilizationist, and defended himself ably from sundrySarah Fleet, aged (.3 years.GOODRICH—In this city, on Wednesday, May 9, Samuel molasses to Reyiiaitd St Bayley.charges, which he said had been preferred against him!, top; of it appeared very full, but the throat seemedBrig Santiago (Bremen), Elsenbroock, Port-aii-Platc 12 days, Rev. Dr. Asa D. SMITH (Presbyterian), who said ered a well-written poem, entitled " A Man's a Man," Comor entered his car and called upon those who held KALBFLEISCH—Suddenly, on Thursday morning,'May 10, of mahogany, Stc., to Gelpcke, Keutgen St' Reichelt.that he <.was puzzled to know why he was called onfirst of all. He bowed to the sovereignty'of the- Pres- which was received with repeated plaudits from the this ropes to elope up and take a strong- hold upon thedisease of the heait, George Btujamin, second son of MartinBrig IJ. Al. Hine,' Dart, Ponce, P. R., April 24, sugar,. Sic, to Sturges Si Co. •ident here, though he believed always- in the HigherLaw. [Applause.] He rejoiced to seehere the Puritansmore appreciative portion of the. audience.as a lawyer of some note in Africa. He delivered a n<!6«, at a preconcerted signal every man relaxed his afternoon at 2"o'clock, from-the residence of 'Ms father, Me-Brig Lady Chapman (Br.), Cooper, Bermuda 5 days, potatoes aiid tomatoes to Smith, Jones & (:<••. ,50 24—For General Debility, Physical or Nervous Weakness.'... 50-•in modern dress. He thought he aaw Rose Stan&iah25—For Dropsy, Fluid Accumulations, Tumid SweUings.with'Scanty Secretions.... .' 50among whomnight, found tho body of an infant, with its throat cdt had overboard part of cargo; wanted no assiotance.Bark Grand Turk (of Bluehill), Doliver, Matanzas 16 days, mo- filom ear toi^ear. The child was about two months lasses to T. AI. Aiayhew. Has ha£ heavy .weather for the last 9old. The body was taken to tlie Fourth Ward Station- days.Bark Af. E. Trout (of Lincolnvillc), Ames, Trinidad do CubaBark Aluskhigum, Martin, Pemfecola 19 days, lumber to M. R. once. They disclosed two thousand sandwiches, two friends on terra firma. Fourteenth street and the rived last evening from Richmond,. Va., brought on winds. - , .>Mrs. ELIZABETH CADY STANTON was then intro-duced, and delivered an able and somewhat lengthy thousand pieces of spenge cake, two thousand pieces of •Siaitij; avenue, in the vicinity of the 3arden, werediscourse upon the question oi the rights of women to fruit cake, two thousand maccuroons, two thousand thronged with men, women, andchildien, and it is general—the same that she delivered before the J udic- half dozens of almonds, and two thousand bunches of estirlated that there were between fiv<: thousand and Sary Committee of the last .Legislature, and which raisins. When these had been disposed of, two thou-Bark Edwin, Nugent, Liverpool 32 days, coal to George 'freight 1,500 barrels of green peas; also, a full cargo Bulkley. j - "' 'sand saucers of ice cream were circulated in tho same six fubusand people on the ground.adopted for the protection of her children and prop- way. The whi^e was accomplished quietly and with J. Tim portentous state of tlie sky seeme i to forbid thatBark Ann Augusta (Br., of Yarmouth, N. S.), Lovctt, Ardros- Bark Harvest Moon!(of Stockton); Berry, Cardenas 13 days,'/_ ^•voxiud risk his life in so frail a fabric as a balloon. Mr. tile leading Democrats of his city, the cause of the- 28, coffee to master.Oonnor did not make his appearance, in the Garden h m.or being his steady adhen ncp to Douglas. One of Bark Anna (Brpmeu), Raschen, Sunderland 56 days, coal to H. avoided. Nay, it often strike* at the very foundation of suc-became so small that it resembled a shapeless ball. one|of the Courts. Upon entering the inclosure he o:; the Democracy of the Non h, and especially of Mas- The other was then elevated, and gradually its rough Puritans, Union square, the. Rev. II. II. GARNET in wasjjreceived with rapturous applause. He was*accom- sachusetts, forjthe Presidency During- the proceed-Phihub-lpliia). April 15, lat. VA 30, Ion.- 38 33, eignftkd a bark standing south, showing a blue ajud white signal, with a whitestar in the blue. Same day exchangod signals with a bark easy. standing N. E;, showing a white and red signal; lfc'th, lat. 28 24,i&xiwrRKnes softened, its proportions became natural and beau- tiful, and the shouts of the populace became deafening in honor of the artist. The latter was the woman ofi .Mr. Connor's assistants had already commence1 the' statute of woman, as'would be lit to crown the great read the animal report, which merely set forth the process of inflation which the aereonaut now in.person febric of the American Republic. principles upon which tho Society' was based, and its •superintended, and the balloon soor containec ,-gas• Mrs. ERNESTINE L. ROSE gave a humorous and very intentions in reference to the Christian civilization of cno|,gh to carry it above the garden w ills, at the sight Africa, already set forth inthecolumnsofTHE TIUUUNEthe chair. . • * panied by his wife and several othe- relatives andfriends. .'••'.•u g8, both Gen. Whitney and Mr. Buchanan were de- Ion. 29 10, exchanged signals wit^i a bark standing N. E., show-• Experience has amply confirmed the use of these Remediesfor families and private persons, as being TKK tutor IX OSJB •THIS MOST SIMPLK A>'D CONTBJCIKJfT, TUB X09T l'KOMPT an*}..RKilABI.K.• Thousands arc and have been using them for some tbre.c>years past, in every section of the country, with almost uv variable success. All spenk in the highest terms of their idzn-ML ' , $,5**t|u<-tefwd.to tjbe batTfSE C CHOESseveral. of Mr.tropolitan avenue, near the Toll Bridge, Brooklyn, E. D. -eeeded to compliment the ladies and the Brooklyn importance of introducing among its people the ele- frijm the ground, lunged off in a westerly direction. disease of tlie heart, Chailes Kn.itsir, M. D., aged 56 years.everybody bad been presented, lie liked social gath- ' ments of a lofty Christian civilization. father, at Oxton, Cheshire, Engl ind, Charles Jebbs Laughton, ing C4 hbds. malasses, wliich was on deck'; also galley, cook stove " 28— For Seminal Emissions, luvolunnary Discharges, and cou-•and Priscilla, the beautiful Puritan maiden. He pro- brief and commendable speech, saying some good held, but the balloon, instead of rishn;.perpendic ilarly KRAITS1R—At Morrisania, on" Monday,- May 7, suddenly, ofSchr. Valetta (of Ellsworth), Means, Havana April 28, sugar 26—^For Sea-Sickness, Prostration, Vertigo, Naucea, Vomiting 60- 'He was glad to see so many different denominations ,representedonandofftheplatform. Theyallbelieved in the same great tact—what matter, then, about the. 1 •me tal coi-nich of the ball and concert building, bentThe entiri. set, case of Twenty-eight large vials, in mo- rocco,andBookofDirections .,philosophy of it ? A little girl,.looking one evening .at / the moon, was asked who made it- iter theology was "**"» sufficiently advanced to answer that God made it. The questioner asked her how he made it. Tins plunged her little head into the mazes of philosophy, out she went bravely on; she said he made it with a knife. {Laughter.] Now, what had the philosophers really foundout beyond this i They could: go back through the evolutions of ages, but finally they were brought «p, and had to say that there God worked with some deminrgalknife. Weall,childandsavant,believedinballoon rose above the high ornament $ on the building .attend the fnnersl from the residence of her parents, No. 117 spoke brig Henry Matthews (of Searsport), from Cardenas fox West Twentieth street, this (Wriday) afternoon at 5 o'clock. New-York, with loss of rudder, jibboam, forctopgallant mast and The ninth anniversary of the Five-Points House of re erred to, and then suddenly collapsed, and wi;h its Her remcins will ho taken on SHturday morning, at 9 o'clock, muii:toprna«t; had lost them during the'glde of 29th; wanted nolioiiM ,.' -.Case of Twenty largo viaD., pluin case, and Book of Diroc-Case of Fifteen boxes (Nos. 1 to 15), and Book, of I}irec-things in reference to the condition of Africa, ana tlieand molasses to Whitman Bros i Co. April 29, lat. 33 20, Ion. 7727—For Urinary Diseases, Gravel, Renal Calculi, Birficult or Painful. Urination; '. 50:Benediction was pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Wit- thdn arose, demolished a large transparency with lute of Galena,111., aged 34 years. and water caxks, piling tho cabin with water: have been short of , sequent Prostration und Debility - erings; he thought it would be well for religion if such so.v,.and the audience, which numbered about 400 per- wfich it came " in contact, and, striking the MOLONY—In this city, on Thnreiay, May 10, of consumption, water, and unable to cook any victuals. • April 29, lat. 34 30, Ion. 20—For Sore Mouth or Canker'.100 '.... 50$700 5 00•1 OO2 00- gatherings as this were frequent among churches! sons, departed. •Andrew Molony, in the COth yec r of his age.ROE—On Thursday, May 10, Sanh, eldest daughter of Samuel74 5, ><pokebrig Henry Matthews, from Cardenas for New-York, before reported in distress. •PRICE.ACCIDENT ON THE STAGE.Industry was celebrated last evening at the Academy of Music. A very large audience assembled at ah early hour to listen to the exercises'. About 150 children, boys and girls, of all ages, were ranged at tl;e back of the stage, on elevated seats, which had been temporarily erected. There was still room for many more children, and the directors were showing themin,andarranging them in their proper places, when, with a sudden crush, all the uimsily-constrncted seats broke down, piling all the children on the floor in a kicking and crying mass. A universal' scream of terror arose from the audience, and a number of gentle- men sprang upon the stage to proffer their assistance. The children were soon extricated, most fortunately without injury to any. The result was announced to the audience, and all was soon quiet again. Seats were then formed by placing the remains of wrecked seats.across chairs, and they were readily filled with about 300 children belonging to the House.The exercises were commenced by the singing'of: a hymn by the children, which was followed by a prayer by the Key. Mr. G'.NTZ. The Annual Report was then read, from which we learn that during the past year 781 persons have been admitted to the House; 372basket and Occupant instantly disappeared from jsight. A."fcene of the wildest confusion no v ensued, Mrs.I !to White plains for interment. . . .ROBERTS—At Greenpoint, Long Tsland, on Tuosdav, May 8, Elizabeth, wife of Hugh Roberts, in the 41st year of her age.assistance. "Schr. Hannibal (of Bangor), Wentworth, Jacmel April 19, log-,eniiwhile cleansing the sink at J fo. 90 Cherry street lasttobacco and cotton.FIRE IN FORTY-FIFTH STRIET.—At 11 o'clock last '^an W) days, mdse. to Boyd St Heincken.n>ght a stable in Forty-fifth street, near tlie Tenth near to Walsh, Carver St Chase, jmoment to introduce to them the Rev. DANIEL /WOKTH,late of a North Carolina prison. The Rev. Mr. Worth i3art!en and through the streets, created.a doubt in the -A Worcester, Mass., del ;gatc to the Charleston Bark Wielond (Bremen), Ostermaun, Bremen 34 days, mdse. the result. Such examination or study and such doubt is alwaysOne statue was life-size, beautiiully proportioned, said a few words, and after another hymn the collation minds of those present as to whether Mr. Connor onvention, was serenaded on Tuesday evening byexqusite in every respect, and was worshipped with was ended. ecstacy bv the populace, the other was gigantic, roughin finish, and spurned as an insult. The former waselevated, and as it rose higher and higher, the deafen-ing applause of the populace died away, because it Civilization Society was held in the Church of the spoke of Mr. Douglas as nearly the unanimous choice Hunter. Sailed in company with bark American Eagle, (for and hence perseverence in its application, would have been •daughter of Mr- Joseph T. BatesGriswold Goodrich, aged (it yeaiB.'iThe relatives and friends of th« family are respectfully invited toattend tho funeral on Saturday, May 12, at "10 o'clock a. m . from St. Bartholomew's Chiirc'j, Lafayett»j place, corner of- Brig Empire, Aliller, Galve8ton<22dayR, cotton and hides to Wakeman; Dimon St Co. .BrigSamson1, Leerhoff, St. AIurk'»19 days, cotton to BrodisJ St Pettes. I2<V—For Whooping Cough, shortening and palliating it, or Spasmodic Cough \.. 5021—For Anthma, oppressed, difficult, labored breathiug, cough• and expectoration.. , 50-22—ForEar Discharges, iiowe in the head, impaired hearing,-; . earache .....' 50*/INew-York AJi .ot The above book**> *ny addrets u. tlGreat Jones street, without furt ier notice.'KalLHeiscl), aged 25 years, 4 ino iths and 19 days.The relatives and friends of the family aire respectfully invited23—For Scrofula, Enlarged Clauds and Tonsils, Swellings, and Old Ulcers4.^a...^4-.iiv^ '*|wJB GEEJDemonstrated"Dr . Cheever hai log, aahe has dorx Slavery can be too; —-fNatienal Anti-8* It is neither dr •feruditionand-«ti Rixxprise, and i- tc JEvening I'oft.*^It,i*an admiral . " It is by far the<fre have ever met \ •abject among ache "It is a work cX<et Dr, Cheever b ,lmpo**ibU to re.on in his native Es^iii Bon flrOm his tiiicke "The -abject is c originality of illu*tr o f tho author.*'— NForsale,,wholeia Anti-Slavery Sci:et Booksellers seneril•discountwillbesBrig Sea Lion, Reed, Remedios 14 days, sugar, Sic., to C. St E. MORRIS CH ESTER, from Monrovia, was introduced basket, which they did. Everything being in i-eadi- to attend the funeral, without further invitation, this (Friday.) J. Peters.C.endHesterAimRoe,aced20yeurB,8monthsand3days.-FIVE-POINTS HOUSE OP INDUSTRY. ,| it like so much thin lead. The wine subsiding, theI The relatives and friends of the family,are respectfully invited to sugar, Sic, to Metcalf St Duncan. May 5, lat. 34 40, ion. 73 21, Case of Twenty large vials, in morocco, and Book of Diroc-1 00- Conner, and a female relative who accompanied her, SMITH,—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, May 9, Sarah, wife of of an earthquake which lasted three minutes.- Large cate of 2-oz. vials, for Planters and Physicians... . 1 5 00falciting and falling helpless upon the jpround. Richard Smith, aged 29 years, 1j months and 0 days.li< ud shrieks rent the air, both insidu and outside of STEELING—At Rochester, N..}'., on Sunday, April 29, Miss Sariih Sterling, daughter of the lijte William Sterling, merchant,Sclir. J. W. Lindsay (of Fall River), Lewia, Tonola, Alexico, Single boxes, with Directions as above, 25 cents, 50 c•euts, or sfcL 31 dayB, mahogany to R. P. Buck St Co. Has experienced veryheavy weather; split"sails, Stc. OUR REMEDIES BY A1AIL OR EXPRESS.Schr. Gipsey (Br.), Waycott, S«n Jnan, Nic, April 3, hides, ' W e send these Remedies, by the single box or full case, to anyth< Garden, and the frantic people rushed hither andOilierwithoutknowing why or wherefore. Many Robertson Stiangeways,youngtst daughter of Thomas andfee , to C. Durand. April 28. lat. 42 5, Ion. 78 4,. spoke ship.C. H. Lun. fromNew-OrleansforLiverpool.part of the country, by mail or express, free of charge, on re- ceipt of the price.%v • c cw to Pronounced him injured internall/, and in s ich aStcamthipK. ' New-York.Leave. .New-YorkForDate.mod fromhi dly brpk.en.. From what we glei thoseIllinois.... AsiaTO ARLIVE... ...Southamp on . ..'New-York.. ...April 25stores to Dibble St Bunce. " *Schr. W . Phillips, Alount, Georgetown, S. C.,' 5 days, navalpicseit, it appears that Mr. Connor nade a cojiilrei pujui to carry two persons, and }[r.Wjiafi sold Bavuria...LiveiTiooi .. ..Oulway.. ... .Havre......New-York.. ...April 28-New-York.. ...April 28 stores to Brown St DeRossett.$20,311. A portion of the old indebtedness has been '.him t lie " Venus,'* which is not much larger th in the Adriatic... Bremen...5 ....Southamp ;on, , .New-York.. .. .May 16..Quebec.... . /.May 16Schr. H. Hickman, Hooper, Georgetown, S. C , 6 days, navalthem a fair trial. ' ';* J. W. PECKHAM,' ' • Easton. Washington Co., N. Y.floating debt yet unpaid.was invited to come here to a collation, lie had had Addresses were' made by the Rev. John Cotton . 11•Arabia.... Saionia.... .Boston ./..May...Southamp ;on •New-York.. ...May 19 to D. C. Murray. \had>ommencedasuitagainstMrWise,whichwe so rniu'h trouble abont collations, tlmt he actually took Smith, tho. Hon. James A. Briggs of Ohio, the ReyJ b<lie\ e was tried yesterday. Previ0118 tO 1<saving19it was. He found it to be a bringing together of per-I'm going vip. to-day, and I suppose \ou'll be Had ifla uhip Mortimer Liviit/wtoii, .from Havre—Mrs. BOSKDuring the evening a number of hymns"were sung liyPassenger!* ArrivedSchr. Pearl, Wisehcrt, Newbern, N. C, 4 days, naval storcs'to VanBruntStSlaght.Schr.'Manchester,-Nelson, Richmond 8.dayB, flour, Sic., to C. H. Pierson St Co. IOFT , L. N. SHEAR n-fiEKPRESS to.New*York Central and En them to retui! it at 2 <..,,.„,., 1 H •gfc - JV, —f.TK E SEAl|t-I•" a lively arKJibi Sliah life, a» »evn hi -i 'story i« charming, rettian Mirror.All BooiucHcri t*vMADBMOISJE•A:TAJ-1•4* A aeat and w«j-.! t< •with much s'pUlt an 1 trie«-fIreneMori,whi (London Leader.4,%Notonly.intere«i mctual life in the R<in " DlstinguishA-d tl>r language,end in iu>ju "oeee wrtli which ta*jPicturea of life, iha 1 Dook* like Hawthorn "•nance* liktt thia. •-+JE _ U A hJUtorivai rvm.Copies of the *b<w • ' • TitPOSTPG^I-SJThe Public-ticpickle, and be much mote certain to be approved by hilation of Tammany Hall as a political institution; its' PUKSKNTATJO.S.—A meeting of a' Jfew of the Re-i Schooners—Hamilton, Nickers< n, Providence, J. VV. AIcKee"; to W. '.Williams. j J 'Xadam at home. Taking snuff-!corruptions, deceptions, and repeated offenses against C. Alangham, Scudder, SiHal, I. Ii. Gu'gor:. F. Sutterly, Cooper, Sclir. D. W. Sanders, Parrel , .Newborn, N. C, 4 days, naval P|ihlic«uiK of tills city was held last, veiling at their j Charleston. AlcCready, Mott&Cc ; OJMJUSea, Bubbidox, Georgo- Ntores to JhnaH Smitli k Co. Tthe Democratic party of Xew-York having sunk it pp Clcntral Committee Rooms, No. 6*18 Broadway, on the t«ivji:.Il. P. Storey, Bergaittu, CI arioston, Dolhier it I'otterjM. He: thought it worae than smoking, and that was as low that no decent man will acknowledge its authority; Bewail, Lund, Bungorj Target, Howe, Savannah, MoCready, bad, he was going to say, as something that would send all now look with, hope and confidence to the Mozart :olci»Kion of presenting a 'h'ahner to the Mew-York Alott & Co^; E. Pratt, Smith," Baltimore, J. W . McKee; Alarm men to the Penitentiary. It was certainly so bad that organization,'which will be maintained vigorously, u!n- delegation to Chicago. The meeting was organized Jam;, Jones, Petersburg, Vau Bri nt &. Slaght;_B. Flaminer, Ap-Schr. Golden Rule. Wilbert. (Baltiriiore Cdavs, coal.all evangelical Christians could not agree about it.* Tb w? 2ff ;Englai;d boys grew up half snapping-turtlesand half fish, and were Congregatioualists to some ex-tent any way. They were all taught to take off their leaders and sachems of Tammany."hats to the minister. He named several old Congrega- The resolutions were unanimously adopted; amid ap- a r. Wbodford, and E. Delalield Snlith. The bannerj tional ministers. They, he said,-were men, venerable plause; mid. after the transaction 01 financial business,it a KfJsiice likeness of Wm. II. Sow ird, hearing thelmen. They wore breeches [laughter]; and cocked the Committee adjourned.' hats. And he never saw one of them" with a blackArri> 'cd.w h a t he thought of a traveling preacher who had ^ustbeen in the place. He replied by blowing out of bigmouth a wbiff of smoke. Now, the traveling preacher the train. • As it was, the train came in contact with«^,Price, with po.t...ciaonaetimes drew a deal of attention, but, when he badthe obstruction, but the shock was not violent, andirofowiou*** Persons who wish to place them«*-lvc« under the tJpassed, we found not even the ashes which men fortunately the cow-catcher struck the tie in such ' a fcnoeked ont of their pipes. Dr. Tyng concluded by a manner as to force it hidewise beyond the rail. The tender and manly allusion to his boys.v t), Nickels, from Liverpool for- Ship Adolpbiiio (Bremen), M«% '?r(leck, Livorpool 88 days, coalT v t e t f r n p h .illia for.Boston; >ohr». La Plata, Lord, .Jacksonville for Salem; office, No. 5C2 Uroadway, daily from a a to « p. m., or by*"AGENTS WANTED for the sale of our Remedies in everytown or couimuuity iu the United States.- Addre**tilitabsorbseveryindependent,honestDemocrat,and redeems the party from the misrule and rascality of theas made by Johnv II. White, esqHackney, Philadelphia, J. Hund: W. 6> Tisdale, Hawkins, Fer- nundina^ C. II. Dibhlncovered by the engineer until almost too late to stoptollowland-St Frothingham AMM, lat. 43 18 Ion. 41, pnsiedams of his wife...New-York . .New-York . .New. York ..New-York ..Boston.. .New-York ..New-York..May 23 ..May 24 ..May 2Gwell. ADAMS Si FAY, Sandusky, Ohio. family in our city, aud rive universal satisfaction.WILLIAM BRISTOL St Co., Utica, N. Y.lamentsEuropa Saxonia Adriatic.Liverpool.. ..May 30 .Hamburg.. ..June IOur unprecedented larges ales of your medicines show thai they give entire satisfaction to cur customers. Were it neoe>-«- Schr. John Walkc:1 (of New-Haven), Fanren, Galveston 15 TT, M'e could civoa large number of remarkable cores effected by them. Buttheirefficacyinrelievingandcuringdiseaseistoo. % •*;re re-0(n the Kurnnkham. Experienced li" layy-weather..Schr. Edwin, Gordcu, Newbern, N. O, 4 days, naval stores to> sons and things for comparison. He had found that a the children in a-most acceptable manner, eliciting the I never come hack," verifying the <Id adage "that In br it/ Don Pedro Sanchez,, Jr mi Neuvitat—Jose L. Luzarte, •Schr. AI. E.Hopkins, Malsbyi, Bavport, Flu., IT days, cedar to \ our medicines give good satisfaction, and the longer I keepeolbttion generally led to a dilation arid elation. He hearty applause of the audience. One hymn, sung bylady and eight children ; Coucepti m and Mercedc Luzarte, John J. Ashley. .' them the more I bell. ' •- r ' . E. W . SUTTON, Cooper's Plains, N. Y.U ere'ij many a true word spoken in, jejatried all sorts of expedients to get rid of articles of institution was taken up, the result of which will, pe THJB CAMDEN (S. C.) ACCIDENT.--The teh.graph berg.two little girls with a chorus by the whole,, was enthu- ihe Revolutionary dayB President Langdou of Harvard siastically encored. A collection for the benefit of tlieFearguty, John Dunham. Schr. In b/tff Santiago, jrom Port-a u-Plate— Albert Jannant, Cor- "Bros. nelia Steinhoff and throe daughte: s, Peter Cudjol, Carl Scharfeu- Schr.J. Horton, Ballance, Hatteras 5 Jays, shingles to Bentonthought such as thin would prove to be of service. In1 our medicines giv« as good »atisfactiou as any mediclue* wo Wave. Barret,t, Newbern N. C, 5 days, naval stores to «elL „ ' ' ', E. S. VAIL..Romulus, N. Y.St Whitbv, iour Fever aud Ague Pills have cured in all oases. 'Eva Bell,*Lee), Wilmington, N. C.,'3 davs, naval stores to '-./' 1. P. WILSON. Frankfort, N.Y.• - [ . - . • Your medicines are daily coining more iuto favor with th« Faustina, Brown, Cardenas 14 doys, «ngar to Ponvert St people, and when given for any particular disease, as directed ht .foreign luxury . One day he had the college caldron given to the public through .the columns of the daily h&K already announced the fact thaion Saturday aSawyer Sclir. master.Schr. Co.Htores to order. ' • •r: Sclir. G. W. Davis, Norton, Wilmington, N. C, 4 days, navalpot over the fire in the'college kitchen. journals. ' *II I! • . . •M1NIATUKB ilLMAIfAC.He had put into it a bushel of Yankee beets, ont ofparty of fifty young people were upset. . . . 7:05I Moon—Rises.your Manual, they act promptK- und effectuallyE. B. SVRAGUE, N. D., Oswego, N. Y.Your medicines have given good satisfaction. One case cf Ague, of'tvw years' standing, was entirely cured by your Ague Pills. • ,. DANIEL WITTER, esq.. South Bend. la. '' ' • ' " •which he was hoping to make sugar. Two of the hovs MOZAKT DEMOCRATIC GENERAL COMMITTEE.—The a pond near Camden, and that twelity-seven were Sandy Hook. 0:19 IGov. iHland.... 1:09 IHell Gate.... 2:50 Schr. John Achorn,i Merrill, Wilmington, N.. C, 4 days, navalhalf a .bushel of salt and put it into the caldron. It ; boiled and boiled away; at last the old man came andthere being a large attendance of members. The Pres-MIHS Minnie. Alexander, MisB(Sarali Howell, Miss Selma tlrosby, Mies y\lici.' Itobinson, MinnLiz/it.;McKageil,Miss Kelly,.Miss Jane Young, Miss McCowhs, Mikfl Sallie Jenkins,MI'SH Lr uisa Nettles, John O kos,Two Mi. Hocolts, K. H. It •.hbourg,Willio?Iclvngei Lucius L«'graud, Williun Le^ruud, J.DTV Ai LiLeod,R. HUBI Sua, vMARINE JO UENAL. stores to J. G. M'illiamS.Schr. E. Slude, Bail.-y, WSlminglon, N. C. 5 days, naval stores , Your Fever aud Ague Pills, iu connection with"No. 10, havotasted again, when be'exclaimed—" They will make no ident, Mr. Scbermerhorn, was in the chair.sugar, but thev will make salt." Perhaps they would • Air. ,'Huston olTered resolutions approving of thePORT OF KEW-YORKC l e a r e d ...MAT 10.to Dolhier, Potter St Co.! Schr. B. E.. SJiays, Aiayhew, jJacksonville 9 days, yellow pinetoJ.Gilchrist. • IScl.r. L. B. Ferguson, Barrett, Newbern, N. O, 5 days, navalnot failed to cure in any ease. ]/D. STERLING, Kston Rapids. Mich.•'.,whilesailingonSun—Rises.. 4:49 l-SetsHIOII WATER THIS DAY.'0:14plrgit, Alohile; C. Beal, Flowers B<.lfust, It. P. Buck it Co. 1cidlingDoIveatothechair.1hepresentation A.Fanisworth,Rich,Baiigor,R.P.BuckStVm;E.L.Day,Schr, Republic, Sbule, New-Bedford, oil for Albaiiv.Schr, J. G. Huntington, Lovell, Boston, mdse. for Albany, Schr.EmpireState,:Atwood,|Aiilton,InbullaaVtomaster. Sclir. J. P. Johnson,! Chase, Kiaclliaa 8 days.Schr. C-hallenge, k Now-Ilaveu 10 hours.Schr. T. Ilix.Holl, vinalhavJn,8 days, stone.Schr. Bueiia Vista, Roby, New-Haven.Schr. T. Benedict, -, Newt-HavenlS Jiours.Schr. Keren Happuck^ Kelly] Gloucester 3 days, fish. Schr.' E;mpire State, AtwoodJ Milt'on 3 days.Schr. Susan Si Alary, Cooper]Norfold 5 day*, com.trade, I remain, yours truly, ' P. W. ANDERSON. ' Qui STY, Florida, July 10, 1859..Dr.F.HrMPnitKTR—DcorSir:Yourmedicinesarewellre* iceived here, und are doing: much good. 1 learned a few days agO 'that the Couch Pills had cured a case of Consumption of overtwo-years' standing. They are indeed working wonders in thisnfotto u ExcelHior,'' " Union and iJih ;rty,<eonie what'cravat on. That was- left to thetse aana calotte Anti- A NARROW ESCAPE.—The 2.10 p. m. express train ty in:victory HHin defeat, in power aU out of.power, Ship Modern Times (of Bostouj Overton, AfcKcait Inland Aug. Steamer Wumsuttu, Arev, New-Bedford, mdse. arid pass. to J. muny cases they have acted like a charm. Last Winter, with•ARK, LEA Ail who wottlSlavery days. Now, you often required.a certificate A^,nU Vif"t7'8 ,HlVu^ (>CV, lh. 9 < » ^ ^ i r i £ u T p e , J S b i ! c o Allen. . ' " th* mnne number in family, .'twenty, we had « physician era-*o know a Congregational minister from a horse-jockey. [Applause,] . (More than half the clergymen on theplatform wore black cravats.J.He once inotwred of one of these old gentlemen miles this "side of New-Haven, which was not dis-Jon. CH311, U-HHhourdi-d from'wl uliiiK ship .Nassau, of und for It. WIIK mouuLed and lettered NeW-B'edford from New-Zealand had l.tion l")l)In. j all welt; MaySteamer Albatross, Jones, Providence, mdse, to I. Odoll.anchor in tlie Lower Bay.B yNEWPORT, May 10.—Arr.l brig Orinoco, Tolbott, Philadel- care, or to seek advice of Prof. HUMPHREY b, can doso; athiafrom New-Haven for this city, yesterday, had a very w and forever"; and on the rev< SideH'Thd Aiiril 4, -Ktiuiio to Grinnell, Mintrue J ( rj» St Co. April l'l,. hit. 2'^ N.,wretch had placed a heavy tie across the tracH^ a fewJoseph II. Jackson. The mce tine then adjourned2, in Int. 34 16, Ion. 74 11,- signalu Ship Sheridan, Rnssell, Liverpoo1lt(j partake of ampliation man adjoiningroom.15,. ' >*'pherm. brig painted black, witli boWith othii^i U'ho uavo yiven them a trial.Truly yours,' H. P.At tl3e adjourned meeting of thin Socio y, held at St. A m'H Church, Eighteenth street; yesterday, Hpeeehos MJiro niade hy Dr. Welles-of Boston, the Rev. Mr." " '•'•'"'"•'»•••'" -•" parentJv Enclish built.TUB ritOTK.STANT El'lSCOPAI. BnofllEHHOODRHODES.NEW CU01,000LETTERS ^ toV ARNHA^J^th Extracts from V •sjma and otheft to J5Vantat«4 from*l».New-York.The Rev, JUr. QOIKT (Congregational) of Jamaica perpetrator of this fiendish act deserves condign pun- Lsikenjof Baltimore, and Mr.-F.-W. Vvelshman. of to order. (Ju Thursday nftemoo • while, oomiiig iuto Uuaran- hill, M«M. . •jPJajnj wa» the next speaker. He thought that it wasvo:r'"'7:''•''"W^-mw^XK'r*• W M ^ ^ W - , •-.•.><carrkd-awoy the A.'ujibbooui.Philadelphlu for Portluud.ishment.K'lw-ydrk. After the customary e of thanka to' tine came In pontaot with ship (j« ulldeiiceanchored there, whioli • NEW-LONDON, May.O.-Arr. brig Win. Crawford, Fulker,}Dr. F. HUMPHUEXSk Cotf• No. »<« Broadway, New-Y«*.of this city.STIUNGEW A YS — On Wednesday, May 9, I860, LillieasBark Mixte, 2d (French), Cetard, Bordeaux 84 days, brandy to C. Durand.Bark G. M. Horton (of Rockland), Ulmcr.Sagua 11 days, sugar, tic, to Wojsh, Carver & Chase.Koop.:intil a quarter before 4 o'clock, having been detained tlie orators who addressed he serenaded delegate, Brie State of Alaine (of Alachias), Catcs, Palermo March 13, cess, and prevents a result which, with confidence in the Remedy, vAFRICAN CIVILIZATION SOCIETY.Last evening the annual meeting of the African in tb<J lower part of the city by A suit which he had in passed the Rock March-28, with fruit, Stc, to Thompson Atof which the people outside loudly ch jered. Ttough. English and Irish papers pletiKC coi y.sidering the great concessions which the legislature The Rev. J. B. SMITH of New-Bedford, being called detained to the earth by heavy bags of sand, the bulky • (tlie R«v. JanieB Browfilee, Ma thnw Vy". King, osq., to Mrs. started deck load, stove galley, and split snils; at noon the windthe subject of woman's rights, more particularly con-had ir.ade, in allowing, hereafter, the women of New- what it was, and not what it was not. They had noveered to W. N. VV., when secured the deck load and repaired sails. A t 1 p. m , 2'Jth, lat. 33 40, Ion. 76 10, the wind shitted sud- denly to N. by Wl, veering eastward, with a complete hurri- cane, during which lost foresail, jib, and main and rntzzen stay- sails;.and damaged other sails; at 3 p. in. staited the-«eck load to eas*i her; sitice tlien has leaked J>adfy.Brig Rcstiurador (Danish), Peterson, Hermocoa, P. R., sugar, Stc., to Gali ray, Casado St lVllerJ April 23, lat. 29 03, Ion. 70 42, passed a baik showing a white signed with red ball, supposed bark Rover] bound South. On | the 28th, 29lh, and 30th, had heavy weather off Hatteras, split sails, stove water casks, bul- warks, poop-rmusc, and filled the! cabin and forecastle with water several times: was compelled to run before it for 2tj Jiours. Alay 7, spoke ship Lukerman, of' and for Greenock. The R. has been 18 days from kt. 34.Brig Mary Wilkins (of Salem), Hutchinson, Buenos AyresAlarcn 19, hides and wool to R. W . Ropes Si Co. Sailed in com-pany with brig Alungo Park, Wood, for Boston. Bark|Swallow,Upton, for Sulem, sailed AIarcli7; bark Golden Eagle, hence,. 5—For Dysentery or Bloody Flux, Colic, Gripings, Biliotu soiled from Alontevideo Mcrch 17.Brig Carolina (of Philadelphia!), Besk, Sagna 20 days, molasses to P..I. Neviuri Son. Experienced heavy weather; sprung aleak and was compelled to stave de'ck load of molasses to save the vessel. . IBrig Handy, Handy, Matanzad 12 days, molasses to Thompson St Hunter. April 28, Matoiizas 2b miles distant, spoke ship Abby Brown, of Keimebuuk. jBrig Annie Gildert (Br.), Burgess, Windsor, N. S., 10 days,plaster to I>. R. Dewolf.Brig Birchard k. Torr> , Crawford, Harrington 5 days, spars toF. Talbot St.Co.. "i '' " 'Brig Clarence (Br.), Brerford. Barbadoes 29 days, sugar tomaster. ,'. Brig John Welch, Fifield, Matahzas 8 days, sugar and molassestomaster. .'. , .Brig I. Carver, Carver, Matanzas 13 days, molasses to Walsh,Carver St Chase.' Experienced heavy weather.Brig Alary E. Jones, Jones, Galveston, id days, cotton, Stc, toWakeman, Dimon St Co. BrigOceanBird'(Br.),Newman,Bermuda5days,potatoes,Stc, to AlcCall it Frith.;Brig Ada (of Bath), Su)ith, Cienfuegos 24day«, ougar to master.Experienced very heavy weather; started bownprit.Brig Pedro Sanchez Dolz, Fiscott, Neuvitas April 25, sugar,Stc, to Peck St Church.Elig Catharine (Br.), Ring, Trinidad, Cuba, 22 days, sugar and.at the residence of)r. S. .JenHop of Brig George Dowries (of Calais), Jarnieson, Nucvitas April 22<ESchr.Hiawatha(ofRockland),Crockett,Attakapas30days,N. B.—The boxes Nos. 1 to 15 are small size, Nos. 16 to 23^ into the yards of the houseslon Fourteenth funeralfromtheresidenceofherfather,No.G41Hudsonstreet, Sclir.HarrietNewell, Treworgv,Sigua18days,sugartoC.St largesize,andinmaking up a$2 or $1 casethis mustbere-stxeo't, or had risen and landed upon t 10 roofs of the without fmther. notice, on Frida y afternoon at 1 o'clock. WEST—On Thursday noon, Mi y 10, after a lingering illness,neighboring puildings, attempted to gain admission to Mrs Mary West, in the 'Oth ye; r of her.age.8a: <1mremises, but were repulsed by so nc Policemen Th<» friends and acquaintances-of tliefaioily arc invited to attendE>J. Peters.Schr. Pearl, Westervelt, Newbcni, N. C , 6 days, shhiglos to S.D. C. Van Brookcrieen. ' . » • ' •Schr. James R. Hinton, Ballance, Elizabeth City, N. C,0days,shingles to Benton Si Bros.membered. The vials are uniform in size and price, and in send- ing for a vial case no attention is necessary on this point.Look over the list, make up a case of what kiuda you choose,,and inolohc the amount in a current note or stamps, by mail, to-r :• •'. • - , " M • D athe funeral services at the. residence of her son,. Mr. WilliamDR. C Letters of aympal together with gpeec]Alexander, Smyth Price if 3 per hundnHRHE6UKLXThe public art- ret T H E SIi now located. 1' ' • CHe' AD%TERTISL^vIievenings. .nPHIED S)INEW-' 1«ptihlithedat4"^*c totejui, the ferrie-. es It contnias eotciud than any other re ve Jfews, Market«."*us^dTie circuljUKvi: -i bine i circulation of and a equaled oniyAsian advertbiuj ti*ement.«. 8 eeawji* All adveitaemectj alsoinTHE ^E^V«atta charge.licei; Rabineau of the Sixteenth Ward, and Officer W«;Bt, No. 142 West Twelfth-street, on Saturday morning at 9£ Schr. Ellen Rodman, Bowman, New-Bedford 3 days, oil to onr address, at No. 562 Broadway, New-York, and tho rnediciue-W^sierfield of the Ninth,"succeeded in gaining the roof ofljthp Concert Hall, where they found young Con- nor 1 nng in an insensible condition, covered with theo'clock.'-Movements ot Ocean Steamers. TO DEflART.. Grinnell, Alintnrn St Co. 'Schr. Major Barbour (of New-Orleans), Speirs, Laguna April20,'viaShal24th. C? • . | " 5Scl»r. Chailes Denffli, Horton,| Wilnildgton, N. C.,N4 days, nn-valstorestoJonasSmithStCo.Schr. J. E. Lee,'Corson, Wilmington, N. 0,6days, naval storesto master.Schr. New-York Packet, Davjts, Caluis 4 days, lathn to JohnBoynton & Sou.Schr. Only Son, Eastman, Bath 8 days, lumber to John Boyn-ton Si Son.' ISchr.'Mill Creek, Merrick, Surrj-, Maine, 8 days, lumber towill be duly returned by mail or express.. NO FAMILY or TRAVELER hhould bo without the*e in-valuable ciirativc6. Thousands use them with the most trium- phant success. 'WHAT OUR AGENTS SAY.ROCHESTKK, N. Y., July, 1859.F. HuMpnnHYR St Co.—Gents: * - * y remedies sell, onrwell here, and Unlike.most of tlie medicines that sell by adver- tising, give general satisfaction whenever they are used.Yours truly, B. KIN*G, k Co. Your medicines have given universal satisfaction her**. PIts*p<r send us'four dozen" of your Coujh Pills, which are now sellingi of his balloon. With great d iflicult.y h( wasreihoyed to the hall, and examined by a'phyaciau, City of Manchester. ..New-York..New-Y ork ..Boston. ..New-York.Hamburg..' .Liverpool...Havre .Livorpool...Bremen.....Liverpool.. ..May 12. .New-York. ...May •1Schr. Lion, LaytonJPantigo, JN. C, 5 days, shingles to Demill Si Co. t&s ,..May ..May 15r.May 16 ..May, 19 ..May 19Y'sinago del Valle 4t Co. gles to Benton Bros.Brig—L. M. Merritt, Berry, MAtaiizas, J E. Word k Co. Schr. Howard, Howard, Newbern, N. C, 4 days, /nival storesYours respectfully," E. H. FLAOO. SACUAJIKXTO, Col., June 13, 1359.You {will please forward ma nor first steamer say #500 worth of vourmedicines, put up in thv be*t caxe* and stylos, for whioh I chall be ready W rospond on their arrival. ; Your medieine* take well here, ttni 1 have i;o doubt but I can soil £20,000 worta.Steamship Yorktown, Parrish| ftichmond, &e., nulse. andpa^s. to Litdlam &. Heinoken.• Dr. nrmiMinSTs—Dear Sir: I have u*ed your Specifics in my large family for the last six-month* with great suece**, aud TMesprit gone and abandoned, an- ' Ship M a i m e r Livingston, San pson, Huvre April 12, mdse. andIH'Jpass, to Chamberlain St Pheljpassed ship Matilda (of Seorspoi s. April 80, lat. 43 15, Ion. 45,Untitled DocumenttSclir. Highlander, Sturges, Boston, mdse. for Albany.Schr. Susan k Alary, Hooper J -Virginia 3 days, 'corn to matter. witliout any trouble. Hoping to establish a lively and goodployed every week, but tins Winter he has"uothad occasion t* call once. - E. P. ACKERMAN.HunBAitpsvicus, Madt»on County, N. Y. Dr. HvMHiiKKts: Havina used your Specific Reu»edie»for tlu«e years pu«.t. I wish simply to eay that I consider them i«J* . ,, - , . ,, , • - April 13, mdse. and 20 PUSH. The IT. SI steam frigate Roanoke, from Aspinwall, is still at the medicines for the times, especially the Cough Pills, whieu have proved trulv wonderful, not onlv- m my owu case, but *l»»the sclir. Moonlight, Btoering. S. Barnes, Raymond, New-York for Boston. *Sailed, xolir. E. Benton, Taylor, from Delaware City for Haver-sickness12—For Lencorrhea or Whites, bearing down, too profuse2525country.Please *cud nic your Journal as often us issued. JAMES R. SMITH. « FISUKIUN Feb. 22, 1859.Announced for t'ce*"!l June, in couM-queuC" Portrait iu «c«evn.M'MOIs, and who would an TBvoiw t •• •iXT\ ^^^i^^^^^m^^2jgggg^^g2gjgggg^^222^S^^^2^^I!^1•J.".'.'!"',.-'!",lu'.v-<"i FnfiygntguttThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street"-r^^-'^^^JW'iLV-u^jv^.twiwj.'w.aiM'^giB^^F13069ulton NewYwww.fultonhistory.comorkWs*^***"**ffig«fliBM'umai'fl»i3iW>.WWBWitwi*w»»waa^yt^.^^-,^.,)-^.—.w^T^ff.YJ; 