 ''lit the Personal Uberty Mils of anf State tafrlnge vpon the Conatltatlon, tkrj) tlumid «I oac< be repsaled. Moa of them han eluaaberad up^-^i the atatnte book Horjears. Tkei are sow seizeu apou 07 tbose who i«Btotlilit«>milonasapretut. ItUalwaysrignt «id pMper Mr each State to bpply to d»ie Uwa tha taat of the Conatiiailan.Hisarrmarkablefaet that neither of the border ri««Smteii—MewJeraey. PennsjWania, Oilo. In- diaBa, ll.lnids nor Iowa—have any such upon tMr atalBtebooks. TheUwsofthese St^es,againsthld- Htptnc, are alniilaj to those of Virginia and Kea- «i££y. "Ike laws of oiker States, so-ealied, hare aerer operated to release a single fughlw alaTo, and laT be regarded, simply, aa a pcoteai of those States agabuttheharshfeamreaoftoe FiigitlTa Slavelaw. io ter aa they infringe upon the Coostliutiiaa, or Im- alr, In the least, a consOlatltnal right, they are Tokl, aad oBgbt to be repealed."Hr. 8eiuu> oeoDlndea trUb this forcible Btatemant •C tlie real nature of the lasne :** The great danger that now erershadows ns does aotailtei^omrealgrlenaees. Plottersfordisunion avail tbemselTea of the weakneaa of the ExecnilTe to Bradoltate rerolutlon. Sooth Carolina has taken the bad.'Tba maraaient would be utterly inaignlficant If •aataadtothatState. SheisstlUIntheOnion,and aetthar Urn rraaUant bot CoBgreaa_h4S the powwt» tahaat to her withdrawal. This can oidrfea by a change of the ConstHution, or the acqniemxBce of the people of the other Slatefc Tka dctuice at the prapatty of the Cnl'~ Ratee and tka eoBeetton of the rsTenuaa need not aaasethesheddingofbtood,unlessshecommenoea 34 a aontest of physical foroo. The increase in «n« jcar of our popuJaUun is greater than her enttpe pop-—Judgment for.wWtaandUack. ^ther one of sereral Con- gwsatmal DistilUa In iheWeat has morewMte 1»- Mttants than she has. Her miUtsrr power Is crlp-by the rveBonderanoeofherslaves. Howeverve, and gaCant. and spirited her people m»y be— Klofficers.T^fan vs. Sutler.—Jien trial abide eventorderedooets to eoets to eoets to;ad BO one dlsputea these traits—It Is manifest she isweak in physical force. This grea^ Oovernment Hxiiar HiiioK, Judges.Blckt well tiest with indnlgenee paper secession, or There are at present employed in the different So re'olves of her Convention and Legislature, wlth- l>ranehes of the Court, and in the Clerk's office, a •at invoking phyalcal Ibroe to enforce the Uws among Chief Clerk, a Deputy, and six assistants, also nine kerellixens._In this view of the preeent condition of public af- Wrs, it becomes the people of the United Statei saii- •Bsly to consider whetker tkt Oooemmtnt tluUl k< ar-eourt, and from judgments of the Marine and IHstriet Courts, also from orders at Special Term, placed on the calendar for hearing, 739.wttUi m lit txtcution of if rmHtfUUi powtrtNumber 01 such called by the Court for argu- ment, 621.Numherof appeals In which arguments have been heard, including these decided, and finally disposed of, 36).Special Terms.Whole nmnber of equity and other causes placedllu aitiatm »f vu or more State; or wketker ux tkcUl tett ikm petMT- of the GovertUKtnt to itfind iUelf axaixtt ^isMolutioru Can a separation take olace without r T If so, where will be the line t Who shaU pos-aregrees and civUliation T Shall the mouth of the136.Kumber of such casestrial. 13e. Number tiledminister's robes. After leaving, Mr. Strlckler brokeWho shall these difficulties towe should huck- '' atar and divide up our nadonalltv, our Sag, ourMtaryer on the high seas, or on the Pacific slope, with- at eolllsiont It is inpoaslble. To peaceably ac- aaai|dkh such results we must change the nature otjury.Usaissippl be separated from its sources ?the Court for and In which finalbandswhich eonfinedwife, and burglars and twoaoasasa&Territwlcstan receivers wereThree of the subsequently arrested, triedae overcomesuppose that inpeaceand Judgirents have been given,and charged, fled to thisOn Points. beingBsas. DUumonuloarjudgment-debtors, againstNumberafproceedingsinstituted,'andinwholeorla painters, were caught on Friday night in the;con-Supposethen gavealarm.: all Am recollections of ihe pastyose all these difficulties overeome, hew can two lival republics, of the saoM rsae of men, di- vided, only by a line or a river for thoasanos of Biles, with all tiie present difficulties aggravated by araration, avoid forays, disputes, and war I How aaawetravelourfuturemarchofprogressIn Ueil-o45.law and enumeratedvicted;WllUams,the as is third,God knows I do not threaten ^farIwillseektopreventitineverywaypossible..';snp-Number of is^es ofmotions, City,andhidhimself In the FivefryI speak bat the logic of facts, which we shoukl not for caaceal from each other. It Is either hostUttybe- part proceeded with, before a Judge, at ChamtMrsact of breaking into the store of Jeremiah Sulli-twaan tbe Ooverament and the sanartlag Statae, or, ifibe disckarge of insolvent debtors, from det>t and im- 121.van, No. 693 Washington-street and locked ap by Justice QcAOXiKBOBB foT examination On the sameaeparation Is yielded aeaeaahly, it la a war of factionsprisonnento,f such Numbermined, 81.43.keud, and decisions {hereon made, Grand-street The werebut7 of andLAW COURTS AND POLICE. BveimtM or ram ooukts.apoa him and fallowed kim away, a short dle- since whiah be had not saaa any oaa of thaakKMm to be aa ^-'«"»' to oa aa Kaaaaa and•knakacand nrRn that Ihe7 augut at once Im ad-BtttaOHBtatea, tSna dlapaasliig with all Tairiturial•MMntloM, wHlrii mn aHMra apaoalvaaBdtar-Mtetltew aeqalaitioiia kiuM tw tocegona for thewwtaliVala* the Iotc oi iBereaalng oar territorr iaMrvBCcr tlian the lore of peaee. Mr. Sbibmax do-alarcehbnaelfopposedto«dtamendinentofth«Coo-atltatloB,forwnalthe#eathd<mai>d»—t>roijKttoaof Butheited,J.—Attachments,230; 'fhjunctkxa. A.J.LedeHegft.UUlieD.Pouwrs.-Indgnentfor BlaTciy In the Terrllone*—cannot be conceded. Jle''Mi arrests, 7*.Bonney, ].—Attachments, IM ;;;Bonney, J.,11;CASKS SITTIJO.;Leonard, J., ;West River Bank vs. with costs.rajrfor.—Judgment alBrmed,Bavrcme Caart—Ckaaifeen. BTXTKMUT TOS 1860.ToimiT, J.—.Ailie A. C. Wood vs. Bmi, P, Btmt, Jr. —JudgmentforpldntUT. DedaionAM.rests, ». -Allen, J.—Attachment, I : iiyuncOons, 2 ; James, J.—Attachments, 2.Leonaid, J.—Attachments, 310:rests, lid,Hogeboom, J.—Attachments, SOarres&, 21.Backus, J.—Attachments, S., _,, injunctions,;LinOAIXD MOTIONS BIABD At CnAMBXRS BDMHOgranted. EUFIBIOB OOUBT—REKXBAL TKKK.Bvfere Jvvtkcs Heffman, WoMlniff, BobcrtnoD, MoaerMaDd'VhiM. Balsey vs. Jarns.—New trial ordered, eosts to abide;Bonney, J., 18 booai, J., i.Backus, J., 1 ;;Sutherland, J., 18; Ingraham, J., 3 ; Bonaey, J., 14. ^^^^^;> This Court iscompoeedabide eventCoartafCoBBsaBFleaa.of Hon. Cbablks F. 0An, First Judxe, >nd Hon. Jonii it- BsAOT and Hon.deter-Iber, ana coBteaiBed by the sivllizad world. If war Writs of habeas corpus and certiorari granted aad meron, were fbnnd secreted in the store No. 216—a of inatgnlieant aommnnltles, hating each rivalryproceedingsfinallyBight two boys,namedFelix SeweB and John Cam-Contemplate the north and Sooth In hostile array agalnct each otiwr.asoHs, what a war it will be!VWe are a nation of military men, naturally turbu-Number of persoBS discharged from ImprlsonmaBt tmys years age,these sectloas do not know cash other now, they rill Men.by such deei<&ns, 28. Divorces granted, 24.had made arrangements with older boys to unlock the store door and let them in. They were locked up by Justice Srxzas Wm. Crossln was found concealed in the store of James Rvan, No. 421 Broadway, on Friday night, captured and locked up for trial. He had stolen a roll of bunk bills, which were recov- ered David Bartlett and John Sheffield, eld offenl- ers, were arrested on.susplcion of having been coo- cemed in the commission of several recent burglaries. They were detained for examination.AH ALLIOZS BOGUS PHTBICIAK.Nathan Abraham, of East Saginaw, Mich., made a complaint, on Saturday, before Justice Sniis, charg-—aceustomed to arms, inge- leat because we are freeApplications 6J7.forcitizenshipheard andgranted, 5,-Blous, energetic, brave, and strong. The same Number of such denied, ISl.^aUtles that have enabled a single generatlaa of ea to develop the resourcee of a continent would aaable ns to destroy more rapidly than we have oon- atnetcd. ItisIdleforIndividaalsofeitherseettmto apposethemselvessuperiorinmilitarypower. The Vnach and English tried that question for a thousand years. WeoughttoknowItnow. Theresultofthe •oBteet would not depend upon the fin>t blo<vorthe iTst year, but blood shed In eivU war will yield Its fealefol fruit for geaerations.Hew can we avert a calamity at which humanity^Kl civilization ahndder T I know no way but toallBg to the Government formed by our fathers, to ad-Unuter it in a spirit of kindness, but in all eases, wlthoBtpartiality,toenforce<helaws. NoStatecanalease us firom the dnty of' otteying the laws. The April 12, 1660, sa __^^___aaon,tarpoeeowner,lying 1,000 do 68HI mUmmmni muOl of **Aaatber Babeaa Corpna—Deteatlaa ef Wit-nsoTtttions or paper acts ofwoesslon being luicon-60O lU. Geo. R. bds.. 911.00SC.B.llQ.K.En»c.b. 93 30 Ocean Bank 80 10 Del. *H.Caual Co.. 83)« lOOCantonCo 14 ISInd.kCic.B 36 ISPac. HaU 8. Co.... SSii S8 do 83)430* New-Tork Ccn. R. Uiidirectly afuu the persons who commit crimes against them, and it is the duty of the Federal Government to main- tain the Constitution and execute the laws, and the Itate cannot Interpose its authority to shield a citizen aharged with an offence against a ooEsUtutional lawPatrick Keoghan was charged with a very sneaking offence, being no other than the theft of some clothes 6«af the United States Moa on law.butyoudo sot want adlsqulsl-.i7 75 .. T3;1^0 not consider it absolutely certain that even South Carolina will do anything more than to pasa laws, ordinances aikd resolutions of secession. These vUl not move the State out of its geographical or po- litical position—though the South Carolinians may wear It does. If its atlzens do not resist the exscu- tloa of the federal laws or levy war—there is no breach ofthelawandnatreaaon. But it is possible that the 8«ath Carolinlaiu and others may be so mad as to re- Mst the law or attack the United States forts and com- lit treason. For them and the whole country this would be a great calamity, because vindication of the law by the whole power of the country, and the legal paniahmeat of treason, must at once be entered upon.BO iiiaaee far tivalidity—null andare withoutvoid, and thus fnndab no defence to the - States was lieing so fiercely resented, it would onlyanyaWxen who steals an ox, shoots a man, or commits treason against the United States, So mucli for Coastitntion and law, and so much for tbe Federal Gavemmrnt and the State Governaient, each of which is soverelKB in its sphere. This is the quibble apon which tbe NuUlfiers argue that the United States annot make war upon or coerce a State. The Con- tttatlon and laws of tlie United States aotAt a time likewhen the violations of the of rightsUtatlonal,ttds,be the part of prudence to avoid possible encroach- ments In this elrection. The Court concurred with the counsel as to the doubt of its jurisdieUoo, and the prisoner was discbaried.THEFT FBOU A BLIND UAH.bv this vovemnieiit, aad If the civil officers are in-adequate to the task, Uie isw directs the army there by a younger sister, whose naxv< answer to one and the navy, and the mlHtia of the States to be called of the questions p^t excited great mirth bJth sides of apon and tt; aid the enforcement of the law. I hope the " bar." The counsel for defence, in endeavoringa»e may not have collision; espcciaUy do I hope not Inyeicy to the siaveholdlng States. But what Provi-dence fends or peimiu we must meet—and if we can-not save our countrymen from thoir own tradness we gaged." When the explosion that followed had sub- SBSt save our country and Its thrice exccUeot form ofgovernment. Though It Is Uie general opinioa here tiiat we shall have open rebellion and the collision offoree, I do not yet believe we shall. The imbecllitv nd fatuity of the present Administration, howeverlakes it impossible to calculate the future ui>on any kasis of reason or common sense. We must drift to the 4th of March and meet what comes when and assided, the case proceeded, and resulted in the con- viction of John and acquittal of Ann. John w\s sent to the Penitentiary six months. As he was led away by the officer, his liberated spouse Impintei the luss of affection on his lips, and was greeted in turn by a parting osculatoiy demonstration of regard from her ebon knightA BCNDBED TEABS OLD, OH THE STANDAIt comes. Yon see the debates in the two WOilAH,MousesofCkmgressandtheirproceedings,andgettheaevrs of events as they occur before an account ofthem In a letter would reach you, and you are quite aswcU Kapared on the distant frontier where you are toea the future before It comes, as anybody here who Is B0tInthecouncilsofnullifiers,andthusabletoknow acUyknow,butjudgedtobeaboutfiftyyears. what their strength and real designs are. But what-av^r comes, I have failh that wisdom, patience, for-feeiorance, courage and the blessing of Provideuoe Ford stole my dog." When asked hiw she wHl carry ooi country safely through all the trials in could identify the animal, she replied " t reared ton for us, and when we get through then our na- him, as often before, ind he ha'l a soiall tional bounderles will be unchanged, and coos'.Itu- sbpot upon the tall to him." The old ii-iy •onal nbertr and the Union of the States nil |->e m?re maiilirfieil qui;e a.' aocli vi^or and iutslll«enc^ as toaly eatahllshed than they were in the beginning,ad upon the same foundations tha good oiii fatnorslaid when they framed our Govemmaat, and put Itsaaastitttlional machinery In motion Hinder the dtroc-Jin af OlMai WASBiaaioa.1Yoorstruly, rSBfTON ^ING;farts of the cais. anl hsr reputed a;e. The prisoner offered prcef of his good character, and stitcd that tbe dog ta 4LCitloo, 8«d several ethers, rusued out of aTBIAJ. TEBMS.Whole number of causes placed on the GeneralCalendar for trial by jury, 5 24i.Number of such cases called by the Court, 3,992. Number of suck actually tried, Includiug thqee dis-missed or otherwise finally diepofied of, 392.Except during the General Terios, each Judgeholds a separate hranch of the Court.The aggregate number of sittings in Court, by allone Moses916. HesatesthatMeyeradvertiseshimselfas"Dr. Chas. Albert, of Paris," and pretends that he is a physician, whereas he believes ha is, or has been,agrocer. The$15waspaidforprofessionalservices which did him no good. Meyer is to have an exMnination.the Judges, during the year, is 736 days.Names of persons changed for cause shown, 6. Number of inventories filed of property assignedby iasolvents for the benefit of creditors, and bonds of assignees examined and ai^roved under the law ofALLIOED BURGLABS. [toeaciilootaemrfiMaOtahlaoptethtatoeardiHfecire«agea naaaes* Ss^feCZf^herandJohnWalter,bothGermans,—who Is nay be his views of the existing differencesand NeUle Sargent, who have been detained as wit- nesses since the 21st of this month, in order to Insure their appearance against one Perry charge! with ab-ducting a girl from her home in Boston, bringing her to this City, and taking her to an assignation nouse in Lispenard' street. These girls were at this bouse at the time be brought her there.Thecounsel for the relators contended that the rirlB could not be held, because it did not appear that Perryhadbeenlegallycommitted. TheCourtfinally adjourned the further consideration of the case until Monday next _both locked for examlnattoiL up-wlUing to rely on the Constitution as It Is for his rights, and who Is willing to maintain and defend the union under all circumstances against all enemies, athome and abroad.Pardonme,gentlemen,forwritingyousofully. I Aal restrained, by the custom of the Hou&e of Repre- seatalires, from engaging there in coUUcal detMite, aad yet I feel it is the duty of every citizen to prepare \iB countrymen for grave events, that will test the Ireibgth and liitegTity of the Government.Selieyirgthat euronlysa'ety Is in a firm enforoe- icnt of the laws, and that lir. Linools will execute that duty without partiality, I join my hearty cengrat-latlons with yours that he is so soon to be the Fresl- dent of the United States.With great respect, I remain very truly, your obe- dient servant, JOHN SHERMAN.LETTER FROM SENATOR KING. from the St, Lawrince Republican^ Dec, 25.was arrested, charged with having, by false pretences,ing it before them:WASHurtTOK, Dec. 17. 1660.MONETARY AFFAIRS.BaleB at tha Ntaek Bxehaaia—Dbc. t», $9,000 U. 8. 6s, '71, Beg. mii •60 Erie Railroad.. ]6,00e do 8810,000 Tlrginia St 6s . . 774,000 do -.. 76X 12,000 Mistoarl SUte 6s tHH 2,000 do i»H***Toa are sound in the faith, and that clouay weatherdoes not Induce you to expect a flood to drown the aarth. The conduct of the Administration (you see Gen. Cass has left it since Cobb run away) Is inex- plicable. The President Is unquestionably under the laihienee of the traitors. But neither he nor they, l>e ttey many or be they few, can destroy this free Oovera- aent, nor divide the Union. They are attempting to in-Ht Diak Six :I am glad to see oned. One person was fined for embezzlement, andtui las s .Letone fined for Indecent exposure of his person.A TBIXr EfiCAFEB BY LACE OF JDBI8DICTI0N OFTHE C0UBT8.Joseph Crowly was charged with stealing a silver watch from the pocket of a drunken mate. The evi- dence tended to show that, upon a general consulta- tion of " the boys," It had bean determined that thethe State as a shield to treason. The State watch should be taken from itsaaanot commit treason or fire a gun. A State Leg- drunk, for safekeeping. The prisoner at first put In a 1.000 Oallfornia 7s.... 85 laiature may pass aa unconstitutional law, and a plea of guilty, but by the advice of counsel, called to 4,000 Tenn. St. 6s, tO. 74 State convention aiay make Censtitutions, and pass his defence on the spot, withdrew the plea and put in 2,000 Br'krDC.WaLn.I02H avdinances and resolutions In conflict with the one of not guilty ; coansel raising the point that as 1,000 Erie B.hds. 1876. 61 Halted States Constitution, to secede, or any- the alleged larceny was committed on a Stonlngton i.ooe do.. n thing else. Such laws, oo^sUtotions, ordinances, beat during its passage over the Sound, there was no 7,000 U.B.Sg.Fndbds. 70^who wasproof that It came vrlthln the jurisdiction of the Court.from a blind man, while the owner was in his bed. The thief was sent to the Penitentiary six months.ASSAULT AKD BATTEBT, FATAL KE6ULT.800 do:100 de...tr* do...Me do...lU do... .snw2oe d.-i... ;is 300 do. .-bso J'iHIntonations, 44 1 ar-plaintiff against defendant and her separate estates. (See decision.)AND OBQBBS MADE THIKION.TBI TIAB 1860,Sutherland,J.,l,2i9; Ingraham,J.,1,194; Leonard,event.Pollard vs. Kew-Tork and tfnt-Mavtn Railraad Oom-J 1 7S4- B<Mmey, J., 1,002; Peckham, J., 103; Hoge- bJiim, J., 17S : Mullin, J., 170 ; Allen, J., 161 ; Ba<i- us,J.,2I ; James, J., •..FOBICLOeVRI 8CITB—DBCBBH Or rOBICLOBUBS.jMtty.—JndgmeBt affirmed with costs.Bridgport Pire Insurance Company vs. Wilson, et al,Sutherland, J., 78; Ingraham, J., 41 ;Leonard, J.,—Judgment affirmed with costs.Lee Sank vs. JtitcAin;>.—Judgment affiraied witheosts.MastJlirer Bankvs.Rogers.—Judgmentaffirmed.Youngvs.BiuJtiuU.—Newtrial ordered abide event —O'Rourkt vs. Hart.—Haw trial ordered atMe event —Bonney, J., 74Uullin, J., 4Hogeboom, J., II12$Peckham, J., 9.;;;OBAIinO BT SPICIAL TUtll AT OBAM- BIK8.;PITOSOXaSutheilaiid,'J,^i Ingraham, J., 12; Leonard, J., 21 ;ooets ta;Peckham, J., 4 HABXABOOBPUSOBAXTIO,BIO.;Sutherland, J., 22rt.Bamsner. Orderreversed,andjudg-Ingraham, J., 17 Backus, J., 1 ;held andI they oflaa have in ttaaa* paet^ .were amstad yestarday, the former charged with^rofaBrnaaBe,oarraea, aarrsilnflai lataapra-aCTve the Tnion, loving It better as the clouds growurier. I am willing to unite with any man, what-ever may have been his party relations—whateve habeas corpus granted at the relation of Carrie Smith alleged, had eonfederatea, who escaped. They werer-rr-.j -?A-^^!r^^?x^.r-«r*»^-Hoja-Leonaid, J., Hogeboom, J., 1 ;—This was a return to a writ oftlX Iffmyjifiti mmtB, MMm, Wumka w. um. 3Wm. LitttrmoH vs. Eturtne Ketellas.UuUin, J.—Attachments, 20; Injunctions, Si ar- defendant Complaint dismissed wlthmit eoets. (Seerests, SO.rests, 8.Ingraham, J.—Attachments, 121;t^JtmcUons, 14 ; .,;'opinion.)James F. Penniman et it. vs. Sam'iel B. Devt et«{.—Judgment for plaintiffs for tl,<l64 OS and eoets. (See dedslon.)Ckas. G. Havens et at vs. Tkoma* K. Davis •( aU— Judgment (or plaintiff, with leave for defindant to answer in twenty days on paymeat of eosts of de-arrests, 6).Peckham, J.—Attachments, 12;iiuuuctions, S; ar-„_. „ arrests, 2.Injunctions, 70;ar- murrer. >—(niAVBiu. —Bea2<vs.Bs4/».—Reportefreferae„ ;BTrrBim ooirxTTheCODHTEBFEIT MONET.A young man, named Bartholomew CHancy, was ar-rested, charged with feloniously passing a counterfeit $5 bill on the Western Bank of Philadelphia, Penn.,at the porter-house of C. M. Mailer, No. 23H Spruce-, street Theaccusedmadecontradictorystatements in regard to his possession of the bill, and Justine WiLFH thooght proper to commit him to await exam- ination.ALLEGED FALSE PRETBHCE8.Frederick J. MuUer, a German, 23 years of age,Court af Special Seaalane<In tills Court on Saturday, Justices Ksllt, obtained a loan of $30 from Frank Herbst, of No,WzLsB and Btovnu. disposed of the calendar as fol- 372Canal-street ItUallegedthatberepresentedthat low s: Of twenty-eight persons charged with assault he owned the saloon No. 227 Third-street, which ar>- and battery, four were discharged on account of non- pears not to have been the case. Justice WiLsa de-gent to be disthargsd.In the samejCity and nimtng it.prisoners,it isappearance of witnesses, three by request of com;,plalnant and one by suspension of sentence ;"We have been permitted to xnake the following ex- allowed postponement, six were fined and twelve im- James McLaughlin, Thomas McLaughlin, andIract &om a letter from Hon. Paxsns Kixa to Dr. S. K. Bhisuaji, of this vUlage. It was not Intended for publication, but containmg so much of the spirit arhich the people of St Lawrence County cherish with reverence, we have begged the privilege of lay-prisoned. 01 forty-three persons charged with lar- ceny, one wb discharged on account of non-appear- ance of witnesses, three by request of complainant, three by suspension of sentence and five by acqalttal ; four were remanded and twenty-seven were impris-John Luff, were arrested wHh to charged attemptingbum a liquor store in One Hundredth-street, near Tenth-avenue, the proprietor of which had refused toMary Ryder was charged with assault and battery.Her counsel stated that a difficulty had occurred tie-tween the prisoner and another woman. The hus-bands of the two belligerents were drawn into the al-fray, which resulted in the death of one of them. The 6OM, 8. tX,l.C.a.;3U?i' other, the husband of the prisoner, also had receiveda severe wound, from which it was doubtful if hewould recover. He had been arrested and the coun- ;sel asked a postponement of the present case thirty da>s, when some disposition of the other case would prolMblyhavebeenmade. Themotionwasallowed, and the case set down for Jan. 26.A BEABT IH SBOST—"HOI MABBIED, BCT EH- OAGED."A young and gixid-looViag eolored couple, John and Ann E. Briggs, were charged with stealing nine yards of calico from a young wou>«n, who did not ap- pear upon the stand In person, but was representedto find whether the ownership of the property had been properly laid, asked the witness, " Is your sistermarried !" " No, Sir," said theglri," but she's en-—HEB Y0CN0E8TCHILD,"ABOYOFFIFrT."Patrick Ford was charged with stealing a dog.The first witness was Mrs. O'Donnel, who testified that she was a hundred years old, and that fie dog b^ longed to her youngest son, whose age she didn't ex-the prisoner took the dog away, the old Ivlj tcmfied "that she shouted:Pat Ford stole my i!o^—I'iitany T^-itne'sB on the stand fjiirin? the day. Il-r voiing- eit boy. fifiyyears old. next came upon the st^unil. and roTiobora'tJ his ino'ticr's stalerae'ts, bo'I; mi to theW19B^'^Detectives Blowey, of this City, and Levy, of The amount of fees paid by the Clerk to the Cham- Philadelphia, arrested on Saturday night. In the FiveM. Morgan k Sons 60,000Without disrespect to South Carolina, It would beaasy to show that Seat's rebellion and the wliisky in-aarrection involved the Goremmeot in greater danger from all sources for buslress done in the Court, in- liama, alias BiUy, the Cigar-maker," charged than the soUtaiy secession of South Carolina. But the cluding amount to be credited by the Comptroller for with being one of a gang who some weeks BOvcBent beoomes Imposing, vhen we are assured<kst several powerful States will very soon follow InIheleadofSouthCarolina; andwhenweknowthat•thci States still mors powerful sympathize with theaaedfag States, to the extent of opposing, and per-kapa resisting, the execution of the laws in theseeding States.W.B.Astor Duncan, Sherman*CoWardJkCoW. S. Herlman Henry F. Vail S.S. Sands feOo.. United SUtesTrnst»,«I023,000 36,000 20,')00 16A)0 10.000berlain, during the year, being the whole received Points, a wel"l-known burglar named Charles Wil-fees earned in behalf of the City, is $7,492 4S. STATUCENT TOB TEAS 1860.ago perpetrated a burglary at the house of Mr.Gtnerai Terms,Whole number of appeals from judgments In thisStrlckler,house, but a church which joined it, of which Mr. 8. was sexton. It appears that the gang broke into the house, and finding Mr. S. and his wife in bed, they tore the sheets Into strips, and then bound them, face downwards, 10 the bedstead, threatening at the time to murder them if they made the least noise. The rascals then ransacked the house, robbing It of a gold watch and chain, a set of silver spoons, a lot of cloth-and other articles, and then entered the church,ing,hoping to find there $300 of Its funds. In this, how-Company Total60,M0 $1,600,001the magnificent cultal, with all Its evidences of on the calendar, for trial by the Court without a ever, they were dls^pointed, and carried off only thecalled determined,bythehim. released hison tbe Calendar, for argument, 84.Number called by the Court for hearing, 84. Number heard and determined or finally disposedef, 79.Non-eaumerated motions, heard and decided atSpecial Term, held at Chambers, including many re- ioltlng In final judgments, 2,SiJi.OrdersgrantedatChambatsfor theexaminationofwhomexecutions have been returned unsatisfied, 2,682.in bed, on Saturday night, he went ca[^ured quietlyfor some distance with the officers, but suddenly draw-ing a knife, he made an effort to stab and get awayfrom them a blow on the head with a locust slub ;brought him to terms, and he was lodged in the Sti. tion-nouse, and yesterday he was started off with De- tective Levy, to Philadelphia.BtTBOLABIES.George Williams and Edward Moran, bothplaced;'^jt was sent ta the ptnlKBttBry for two aaatts.ibense fDeeMaaa, SITFUlfl eOlTBT—8B10IAL TKRlf.ingMeyerwithhaving defrauded himScranLAint, J.ecoifirmed, and of divorce judgmentooets to Banford vs. Trmtis et al. Judgment affirmed.melnatvionrgdsetroemd for with costs. plaintiff,at. Ifietotms Ins. Co. va. flow*.-New trial ordered eoets to abide event;Halsey vs. Jorvu.—New aMde eventtrialWesleott vs. Keeler.-'Sem trial orderedrellee Repaita.AKBEST or A PBILASELPBIA BUBOLAK.of and robtied not only his Phlladeli^a,broakiiif into a itaWa la Brooklyn aad ataaUng a ett oftwcaaas, tile atlw BlUl Bitakiaatained him for examination.two were BUBPICION OF AR80H.them liquor. SvSeiouix.They were locked up by Justice460 do.lU do...ICOISO to...20 db.7*^476 ..sn«k. 74V b_0 74 1< f?-1 7»i( siH 74 -v..aS VS -Sitordered;Untitled Document... Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 